 \4Gov. Wise Is out for Breckinridge; but the it necessary to offer rebutting testimony. TheWe are certain that some hundreds of respect- able men might find employment in this way. What is required in the first instance, however, is that some one should take upon himself theof acting as honorary secretary in the or-If the system was once established, titerswould be plenty always ready to do the work. .sad, what hi better, there would be always ! be shut off from the poor hard worked me* plenty of wart forthSSlto do. | chanic and laborer on their only Bay ihe arranged before and enjoyment ?;, so that there would be no room We hare no fear that the Commissioner* wul6 NEW YONEW YORK HEKALD,LTUKDAT, JDHB.'MC'^Bee.-lBiPlilipartis goesdown,theUnionbecomes?trong« rellMwhbtheplanSt"theBarkandtheartist! manpftheu^T* * **^ingiitohingbadg«BTBU)* OA«r»a» Cjrananathe federalxorernment, the convention plan ofextraneous matter to such an extent that a few days' sailing would entirely detach it from the ship's hull. Or the electric current saigat, toBTBTATS H I W n taa**v.SALOOW,Broad*»y-Oa»-Caaawr'tItwenabled to\crowd the master minds out of all participation i n public affairs.ception given to the Great Eastern was the ce- parties, that this natural wbrking of the system lebration of a great achievement of the hummThe manner in which the nobility, the^ 4-HERALD. •Mir d**tof\n*ea»oer»er-»« FaasIWllMrRn-eption of the Prince oftaste displayed, object!**; to the Bamble, the and number.B B I I I I ' T i$*tae of the lea&m of the Breckinridge de-mocracy, at Wasaingto^and elsewhere, barebeen sounding the Douglas faction, aa Hap-pears, in reference to tome co romise ar-L»ite<l Mates.step*, are being taken, or are hkel to be taken. When they are consumed we esa serre up the pond a mud puddle, denouncing lb* bridge*, de- ; wait long before the NewYc,k co »«ia»iowBJra,rangemeat in the shape of a cleeteralticket,hereandthere,a*theoe O^Wg- visitWashington,thelikelyandproper co«peHow Is THE GREAT EASTER* V BnJ TO B*and intend to make a clean fightjof itTb?v rea* ona forttri*course on the part of theDouglasmenvd a©veryob**>«*thatwe bajeno dj^brttf their reawlution to puraue it Supw^a. for instance, that a democratic coali- tion electoralticketin New York were adopted, that it wonUmlte away the rote of this State from Lincoln, and carry the election Into/he House of Representatives, what would follow? The House, after, having occupied two months in elect'ng a Speaker, would, doubtless, occupy from, say the Brat week in February, when the returns will coma before them, to the fourth day of March, la^he struggle for a President,should be> and that It is exceedingly fortunate . to contain her; and the risk and mechanicaltfor thirty years the convention system iii that its management has not fallen into their difficulty of heaving her over would b* las party poUticTims operated tike bands of ironandsteel,riveteduponthegrowingInterests hands.t ;,portant circumstance. tariff, and the advocates of an immense and the* accusations of^Msappotated extractors and If the eldest son of Queen Victoria were wasteful scheme o f internal improvements b y -place hunters^lofiiTTWRATSB.a*wwy—i*v"XI-T«SRocoawithoutelectingon^.Inthatcontingencythe election would go over to the Senate, and thusof Wales, his reception would, of coprse, political operation worked well enough while We have had two recent receptions of dis- mollusca, and thus -at least prevent a furtherbeattendedwithmuchstateandceremony;theleadingstatesmenmanagedIt,and-ttfulfilledtinguishedstrangers—theJapaneseEmbassy'accumulationofanimalmatter,ifitdidsotwunria OARDSV, Bio»4war.—GWTATCToawi Co*-WALLACE'S THEATRE. BrwMwmhjA-luuxA Booaa. LAtTBA^CTBrrajrwaATaR IW^OM •*0»*way.;rQ»i• M O X. BOWRBT THRATBS B S w W - f t i DSUMM Of Cxiai—KKTiutt ©» rat Httf—F«I*«T Coaatsa-BASKOTTS *MBRICA* MTrnmrw •"»*»£-£•» and Smiiat-Omi IWM Soowa-IJ»W« drawaww, **BBT ARTS' K T m n U A Mectaaiw' H«tt, « J ftw4«jr;7>A»cm ae.-<tawM ** FAaaaoaooaa. Itiimn, **•*», DiI but if as a baron, -he would, out of re- its object ip marshalling the people against the Gen. Lane, the candidate for Vice President* aspect to bis own eriden^wishes, be mere- pchemesoftheorganisedmonopolists. But whenand the Great Eastern. It is now proposed to cause the present accumulations in a measure give a reception to a notorious son of the to wither and drop off.soil—John C. Heenan. It is very well to joke Some Mich experiment was made, we believe, aboutthecoiningofthischampionp*jte flgrhter.bySirHumphreyDavyabouttheyear1832, butBut it is in point of fact a verj serious and me- was not brought to completion. The improve-' lancholy business. The reception given to the meets achieved in electricity since that time,the Breckinridge ticket, would probably he-come President of the United States.At all events, as there kt no show for tie Douglas ticket touching an election by either bou**' of Congress, there is no inducement to the Douglas party to labor to carry the election into Congress. To ask them to do it is to ask them to assist in the election of General JoeLane,aman much moreobnoxious to the Douglas ^>arty than "Old Abe Lincoln" would be, if he were only four feet six instead of six •eet four. General Lane, upon the subject ofi f receire/d as a private^ personage of fhat the battle was won and the danger had passedby the President with regard to anticipated visittothiscountryoftheheirappi enttotte British throne. If the President ted Urn torepublicans in the same stew. daring the Park as larger than would be needed lor Bfty year* to come, Be. One gentleman gave 1Ttoe BtofSjr'Bte^reBsrttem •» **r*j Orgemt- bis opinion as to the best ufodc of constructingmake their appearance on B**^"- * " u•a t a MeelBP Tb bu lh«cw Su!» TO*ah t k pr mo-1 1done. A' • ^ ^It is rumored that bjwi^to-lB»Bucban«n*shavingreceivednoe4Bc»TlnlilId^nofshe intended visit, and the uncertainty Which fre-Now thai the committee have declared the investigation concluded, web*po that there wiil be no further obstacle presented by the malcon-,greattoventujjfcjUWtanyprocessofthatkind. Many suggestionWnll doubtless be made a* to the mode by which this necessary operation to to be performed; and already it has bees pro-to come to the United States as PrincePROPOSBB RECErrios OF PRIZE FIGHTERS.—s thought, destroy life in the immense mass ofrank. He will, without doubt, when in Canada, travel in his proper character as the heir of the British throne ; but it is more than probable that when be lands in New York it will bt as Baron Renfrew. He will thus escape a number of formal receiitions. and be enabled to move about freely, and accept of such private hospi- tality as he chooses.The President, from his long familiarity with court etiquette, must be aware that, in a ense like the present, it would be in perfect confor- mity witb it, and qfiite in keeping with bur national dignity, for him, without waiting for any official notification from the British govern- ment, to extend the necessary invitation to the Prince to accept the hospitalities of the Execu- tive mansion; and he must be' also aware that If, by any possibility, a difficulty should e^gist as to the form of so doing, the proper course would be to refer the same to the British Minis- ter at Washington. The most complimentary form of proceeding, however—but thetime,foraway,sothatthere wasnomore needforthegiant leaders, then the evils of the system cameinto full play. From thirteen the country in-creased to thirty millions of population, and bythe mere force of numbers, acting withintheJapanese wtuA after all, only an ovation to the victory of the American Intellect ev§r the pre-however, may fender the tiring more practi-cable at the present day,and perhaps it would be I V ^««r as u>< r* liiawbeY<Sa fa.rna c* tu Di 1) ID t*) vF< Uitraru *« a< it*<*) liP*©•1rT.r J <c-<1 I*I S1iM <or 1 r f^wT„,andstronger;andsoweaay.let this''irreprea*We should like to know what s pc, or if any bk conflict" among the democracy go ft* rocks or atones on the lawn*, B*Bll*g theeamting ttafc to be hope* *** ** *ball not haveuthe ship, and the probability of success by the application of the magnetic battery. What say our electricians and scientific men to the pro-ject ?THE AIIMI.VHTR.'.TMV AMI THE PRKOIDENTUL QYKSTIGN.—It is right that all parties interested should know the position of the administratioa upon this Presidential issue between the two opposing wings of the forlorn democracy. Of course the administration is dead against Douglas, as Douglas and his supporters, since 1P57, have been dead against the administra- tion. The Washington (kmsttiutUm, doubtlessby authority, on Wednesday last hoisted the flag of Breckinridge and Lane. In a leading editorial article on the subject said paper follyjustifies the secession of the eight Southern States from the Convention at Charleston, aad the larger and more powerful secession and op- position of delegate* representing, in whole or in part, some Wenty-two States, from the gene- ral Convention at Baltimore.tion of a joiat electoral ticket in the Stat* of New- party at Ids baek, and the sinews of war. He cement still more firmly the friendship which For these reasons, and the .thousand corol- rested at last by a vigilance committee. The noxious to the democracy of seventeen States,BATlOKAt. ©OSCBBT SAfAOS, RaUooal Thmtra.— the platform, did almost as much as any othermind over the physical world —an honbr to ourI»aeas,rasMca THKAT,RK, Ml Hnwdway—•man to break up the Douglas programme at a CAMF- Charleston, as every man of the Douglas mana-has occurred.. The whigs sacrificed Clay, Web-ster, Everett, Rives, and a host of strong leaders, race. But what does the proposed celebration through i t . T h e black republicans have, b y of the arrival of Heenan mean? It means th-»TOFPAJTIA*-kuMAOIC, • « BPMdw*y./ M M t f t Ooaua Snusawr.gers very well knows.Thus, then, all hopes of a democratic copart-nership ticket in New Yorlt, or in any otherthe same instrumentality, killed Seward, andput Banks, Chase, and all the men of theirstamp, in the rear of .such petty leaders as Lin-coln, Sumner, Sherman and the like. For twen-ty years, through the same system, the demo- clergy, the Parliament, the government and cratic party has confided Its destinies to such the Court of England treated Heenau and men as the trembling Polk and poor Pierce, Sayers is a disgrace to the . civilization and when the danger these had brought the of the age. To follow their example, party into forced it to seek Mr. Buchanan, and vie with them in doing honor to oae among the last of the Romans, as a leader, t h e of the bruisers, and to get up dinners for him same influences hare counteracted all his efforts and his associates, is the audacious proposition to restore a spirit of statesmanship to the gov- made by some of our politicians in high places, ernment. In no one of the political parties has entering into combination with the blacklegs a great leader been able to hold up his head and gamblers and criminals of this great me- but through the convention system of party tropolis. The kind of reception such men organization, demagogues, lobby men aad ought to meet with is that which the police trading office seekers, who have obtainedthe lately gave some of the fraternity when they controlofourpublic affairs. Evcrito-day,in undertooktoset thelaw*atdefiance—knock- the general breaking up of the old and corrupt ing them down with their own weapons, usingFAt-ACB OABDRH Fnartaamk auw*. ~R9**AIU BAIXM Vsours—Vorn. A*» Umn-MHTU Coacaat.CANTSBUCRY fOBOERT 6AL0OX, 663 Broaiway— Boa«c. DA*CW. Bi>uA*»«t-< Ac.State, may be given up.of successfully splicing the old Atlantic cable as to plead any longer the feasibilitymssaa OF TBTRTBESTH RTRKKT AND BROAD- of a ^fusion between these two fightingWe might as weltalkAuroaau Maiwuaaa'a. ructions of the democracy. We say fightingfactions, because they are evidently full of fight, that is now gone by—would have been for Con-WATT R I P L E S H E E T . and thei» fighting proclivities were not sus- pended with the break-up of the Baltimore • •w TorB, Satanta*. Jam. 30, I8SO. Ct-mvntion,.but wereonlyadjournedoverfrom the Convention to the campaign meetings and ' *r»* R«wa • • movements of these factions throughout the Judge Douglas, in a letter addressed to thefeom country. As wo approach the dog days wegress to invite] and for the President to trans- mit that invitation.If, in consequence of^a misunderstanding on any of these points, the Executive, does not invite the Prince8 of Wales to the national capi- tal, the aspect of his visit to the United States will be entirely changed from what K woiil* bo if he cameras the invited guest of the Presi-tuittee of the Baltimore Convention, which/e pub-lish in another column, formally ac/epts thenomination for tit* Presidency. He Stoutly re-Iterateshwnon-interventiondoctrine/andplaces flictingclaimsofDouglasandBreckinridge,that dent !|hb trust ia Divine Providence and the people. will afford a world of fun to the elated and re- In the lutteycahe his stay would be prolonged,may expect to hear of rows and collisions among the infuriated democracy, over the con-Taw Moaart Hall Democratic General Committee joicing republicans. i ^his tour over our country more extended,']hndbald a meeftag hut evening, and adopted a series Meantime, while Douglas is the favorite offj his social Intercourse with our citizens af aOf reaotatJoa* deploring the divisions in the ranks the noisy boys of the Northern democracy. warmer and wider character. This last re|ult organhsation. and not by a sense of right or down they will put the citizens down. In San real majority a platform of principles purpose-thtPcourse they*will take by tbetr fear of the If men of this class are not speedily putof the democracy, and recommending the nomina- Breckinridge has the more solid men of the is much to be desired, as it could not fa|J to their love of principles. ',. Francisco their proceedings could only be ar- ly ambiguous 'in it? terms, and especially ob-York to be supported by the united democracy, and has the patronage of the administration in his exists between Jbe two nations. The Prince is laries that attend them, the present political politicians have encouraged them, first hiring because it* doctrines would destroy the consti-i/ench a union cannot be effected to support Judge favor, and the democratic merchants of this of an extremely sensitive nature, arid is fow revolution is a happy one for the country. T h e them to do their dirty work, and then promoting j tutional rights of every Southern State." TheDouglas for the Presidency.At a muling- of,foe Young Hen's Democratic city, and ofevery other Northern city, looking to at an impressionable age, and any graceful day of the old organizations has passed, never them to place* vt honor and emolument As ground that every principle of justice andUnionClublastevening,inri«*rresolutionstheirSoutherninterests,willfindthemidentifiedhospitalityandcourtesyshowntohimduringtoreturn.Anewelementhasgrownupwithsoonasashoulder-hitterdevelopeshismusclehonorrevoltedagainstthatactofthefactitious were offered in favor of Stephen A. Douglas as the wJifctb4»%e«kMdge ticket. The Breckinridge his stay among us would be considered as dnia- the growth of the country, in an independent and gets a reputation for brutality, his fortune majority which excluded the rightful demo- democratic candidate for President, which were re- National Committee -alJV"ashlna;ton »r* nating from the American people collectively, press, animated b y higher motives titan a lust is made. He is engaged by the political mana-ferred to a committee offivefor revision, and will actively to work, and they will soon bring aboty and be ever afterwards pleasantly associated for office; and we will take care that the coun- gers toi break heads and break up conventions, cratic delegates of several Southern States, aadbe broughtforwardagain at the next regular meet- the formation of an electoral ticket/in e^ery with one of the great incidents of bis life.lug of the Club, on Friday evening next State, North and South. The Douglas part; Thousandsofpeopleyesterdaythrongedthe proceedingtodothesamethinguponthetry shall not be again subjected to the rule of ey did at Syracuse—a feat which resultedan infamous s e t o f lobbymen a n d finally in the breaking up of the democraticsionalofficeseekers,whosehighest^afmis partyatBaltimore.Thesemenruletheprima-the bargain andsale8of^ptrtJflo places. ryelections,theStateconventions,thenationalThe wandof theRegencies, andthe Juntas, conventions,and,lastof all,tiaelegalelections«titn«All/, i4l.lilMMlAf.4|-t« •»**rlDA14•»»-•*AW. iL**> and the Tammany societies, i s broken by their at the polls. At Charleston and Baltimore theygate "their seats to persons never appointed by any authorized body in the" States which theyfalselypretendedtorepresent''This will do; for turn and twist it as we may,theDouglasparrywentdowntoCharlestonto nomin,te ^ make or break and ^ tf.dock at the foot of Hammond street, where theGreatEasternismoored,butonlyaprivilegedfewwereadmittedonboardtheship. Jfyrwiilvisiterst>e permitted to examine the interior1 of the vesseluntil she is thoroughly pnt in order to receive com-pany. The work of renovation will occupyseveral days, and notice will be given.to the pub-lic, and tickets will be issued as soon at the neces- well-fed supporters of Breckinridge and the half- an act of common civility, and we hope that nosary arrangements are completed.An adjourned meeting of the stockholders of JtueAmerican Telegraph Company was hell yesterday •t the Aator House, to take into consideration the difficulties existing between it and the newspaper prea*. After a discussion extending over five hours, it was unanimously resolved that after the report of the committee, appointed some time sinceto arrange the scale of tolls, shall have been made nod approved of, the President shall appointastarved followers of Douglas. We fear, indeed, more time will be lost in the adoption of a pro-the building. Six of the workmen were injured by besets distinguished foreign visiters.ration without delay.husks of squatter sovereignty; but men who haveagreatwrong,realorimaginary,toavenge,can accessiontothethroneitwouldofcoursebefight a long time upon empty stomachs, and the hungrier thev get the more dangerous they be- come. ~~contrary to all precedent for him to go beyond Europe. .Dongla* forces went there equally resolved to break him, even at the cost if necessary, of breaking up the party. Both sides have suc- ceeded. Douglas to nominated, make or break;We anticipate a fearful struggle between theWe should therefore not be behindhand on an occasion such as the present in performingown greed, their mutual, cheating, and their were the body guard of the politicians, readyfactious quarrels, and their o l d followers are to do their bidding, no matter whatabsolved from all their former political affilia- It may be very appropriate and becomingtions. Henceforth the people, who, In the ag- for blacklegs, gamblers and prize fighter* to and Douglas is broken in the act of breaking up gregate, always cling to the noblest sentiments fik the distinguished men of their own class. the party. *Fortunately for them they fell into the keeping of gentlemen—men of education, refinement and good breeding, who knew how to minister toand moonlight excursion or two for the especial benefit of the ladies.discord among his supporters, and before he has been six months ha power the present black republican organizatiott* will be split into asknow those useful functionaries, the commis-sionaires, who are willing to do anything, frompawning clothes to delivering the most confiden-tial of billetdoux, in consideration of a few sous. communities. At no period of the year, or un-The Senatorial Central Park Investigating Com-mittee closed its labors yesterday, without proving•ay of the series of charges against the Commis- the tastes of a reserved and dignified class of Western friends, by hundreds and thousands, many little factious cliques as are now seensioaers. They will meet some time in September people, like these Japanese princes and nobles, are pouring along through this city, en rout$ to among the ex-democracy. He will be utterly to draw up their report. Full reports of the testi- and whose constant presence and attention our various summer resorts, is very propitious incapable of carrying out the mad schemestnoay taken by the Commissioners are given else- served as a wholesome restriction upon the for the exhibition of this king of the big ships, which black republicanism now proclaims, and where in to-day's paper. proverbial rudeness of our municipal autho- and for our city, too. But the ship could be thefinalconsummation of the overthrow of ty- Between five and six o'clock yesterday after- rities. Owing to the excellent management of made vastly more attractive and profitable to rannical party conventions, organized and con- noon a violent squall passed over South Brooklyn, Captains Dupont, Porter and Lee, the Japanese all concerned with the adoption of some such trolled by the vilest portion of the community,der no circumstances, have disorder or riot or know London; for within the last two years a anything " to offend or corrupt the public con- corps of men, so designated, and composed of science"—to use the language of the Sabbata-disabled soldiers, has been distributed over the rian Committee—been permitted within themost central parts of the city. They have their precincts of the Park The Commissioners, we +stations at various stores, bazaars, club h4gj.ses, take it, and their subordinate officials, under- banks and public offices, where messages' may stand their duties perfectly well, and reduirebe left during their absence, and where they no meddling or dictation from the " Sabbathcanaiag a terrible accident at the Academy of Mu- Ambassadors were permitted to enjoy a fair schedule of excursions as this which we haresk, In proem of erection in that city. At the time share of that privacy and ease so dear to Orien- suggested; and, considering the interests of the the laaaH was at its height twenty ave workmen city, we submit that our Mayor and Councilwere engaged in putting tip the roof of the edifice, tal natives, and were preserved from a greatof wind entirely demolished the roof of I deal of that harassing intrusion which usually would do well to take the subject into conside-will secure the happiness and safety of the country for long years to come.the accident, two of them so seriously that they Ine not expected to recover. The damage to the Academytoestimatedatabouttenthousanddol- lars.not provide, the reception o f the Japanese was the South would never submit to the election of the 4:10 express train from Albany was passing ef a character which must hare impressed them Fremont, but that, if necessary to clear him Btrytnrw bay, a sua was observed by the Bagman most favorably with this country and its peo- out, the Virginia military forces, under Si the station walking upon the trac";, and appa- ple, a n d which promises t o realize t o their Governor, would march to Washington,missionaires that wo want In New York, evenmore than they are wanted either in London orParis. Our daily dry postal deliveries are few, these pious gentlemen is, that our foreign boraAbout haif past eight o'clock last evening, asand these messengers would prove very useful auxiliaries in conveying such of our letters aspopulation, which includes the hardest worked class In the community, should have any en- joyment oa Sunday—their only day of rest— aad they express a prospective horror at the idea that say amusements or refreshments " in-rently heedhwa ef the coming train. Notwith- standing several warnings, heproceededonuntil knocked off by the cowcatcher of the locomotive, las almost immediate death being the result The tralf stopped, and his body was taken on boardto the Thirty-first street station, wttl be held.!*re granted for thirty dollars ^•^W^'^PT ^wjj ^ ^ ^ ^ ^^^Mn*^^v v^^^ms)a^^B^s*^w*pa^w> w • » • • * vas* ^ j p s w aaas^^the fullest extent t h eexpected from their visitindebtedtothenaval officers whobadthemin charge, and we are certain that the full measure of praise which they deserve will be awardedWe understand that a surplus of $25,000 of the sum allotted by the federal government for the expenses of the rsifisssj remaius ia the hands of tiw r^val Commission, which they are •W^WB* ~ BTIWUIIB IM «iS» WWtVtSUJ *J| bjsW «TwQs*^^B*TJ ^^^s» a^sw wsBs^s^sm s^s^MBv V ^MlBbM^K Q U I I i w H Is our municipal msMllbisj sat) not onlyfor the serpens of aa spprepria- uponChSBWSJkAtfAftrfhGovernorlsstfa^spBB^Jtmn&vwnllldv tar,SHBhawoald Bgbt actto>g* ss^bsBto stay in the Union. H. V. Johnson, of Georgia,investigation will be looked upon ss a failure, asfar as the complaints are concerned, and those who have listened to the attestations be*We pubbsh hi to-day's paper letter, from ear Paris, Fentainebkan,*tb#*new up foe Ties President onthat excellent judgment has been exercised in the selection of the employes, ss well ss ia the direction of the affairs of the Park. Everyperson that testified against the Commissioners, withE but.two or three exceptions, had either bees employed sad discharged, applied for a situa-the comfortable, and, let us add, the pious partwas yesterday admittedwss a rampant disunion" in l851, butheis forethe committeemusthave become convinced% >.;i 'i-, tSuch an event as this will never again occur to him,andhasneveroccurredbeforetoanymem- ber of the royal family of England. After hisI It has not been in one party alone, but in allparty, the local politicians are influenced as to. brute force against brute force.that, like the Kilkenny cats, these two implacablefactions will have so nearly devoured each otherthat nothing will be left of them on the dayafter the general November election excepttheir tails still viciously wriggling over the EXHIBIT H E R .— W e believe it is the intention of Union. Local affairs must henceforth b e con- morals wten such things can happen among ritans, self-created and self-styled " the Sabbath clothes line.DrpAinrnu: or THE JAPANESE.—The JapaneseEmbassy, having completed their importantceeding so proper as that which we have sug- gested.and the highest motives, will find their political But for persons who occupy official positions toTHE SABBATH COMHTTTEEAXD THE CENTRAL THE GREAT EASTERN—THE PROPER WAV TO press, in permanent session on the state of the is a sad degeneracy creeping over our public PARK COMMISSIONERS.—That body of pious Pu-With the exception of some unseemly conduct WHERE ARE THE DWCMO.\T«TS?—Ouron the part of the rowdy classes in Philadel- will remember that, in 1856, Governor Wise, of labors at the Astor House yesterday. Gravephia, against which their naval guardians could Virginia, was very emphatic in declaring thatand serious charges had been preferred againstthe managers of the Park, and the committeepatiently listened for ten days to toe statements we might wish for immediate delivery, and, Ifof those making the accusations, who, in almost necessary, in bringing answer* in return. Theevery instance, have shown on the cross-exami- amount of city correspondence would thus benation that either their own statement* were increased, for many messages would be ducing to the enjoyment of secular pastimes"— unfounded, or that they knew nothing, about thesubject of inquiry.beat results to b e The whole country isseize upon the public Treasury and archive*, and carry then off, and thus lesre poor Fre- mont weeping, like Marius over the ruins of CsrtiBSge. Where are the disunionists now, In view of the 'manifest destiny" of "OldAbe Lincoln r' We hear nothing at all of disunion except from the Douglas party, who are crying down the Breckinridge party as disunionists.sent, ifare notaires would also be largely employed in carrying parcels, and in conducting strangers about the city. To sum up. they would be a great public convenience.even boating on the lakes—may be permitted on that day, and thus "afford the warrant of a high example for a general desecration of sacred time."ticket; and so, we presume, be hasThe naval officers de- all right Where are lbs disunionists Tof the community, oa svery day la the week, to «.1 the government, wars numerous last winter in Co and we hope that the President will ask and view of Seward and his "irrepressiblewill probably arrive St obtain the sasettoa of Coagre** at its next ses- but now, with this "irrepressibleaewa to the 30th sion, to remunerate them out of this surplus for turned over into the democratic campreadersThe paramount fear which seems to hauntleaderships in the congress of an independent do so is disgraceful in the last degree. Therethe parties in control of the Great Eastern to ducted according to the wants of the localities, us. The only men of the governing classes Committee," have addressed a long communi- keep her here Ore or six weeks on exhibition without reference t o national politics, and Pre- who retain the ancient dignity of the republic cation to the Commissioners of the Central for the benefit of the stockholders! It is gene- sidents be selected from the national statesmen, are the gentlemen of the Army^and Navy and Park, officiously dictating to them the discipline rally supposed, too. that all that sine she will whom the present breaking u p o f party tyran Supreme Court. The system of rowdyism and which they shall establish in the Park on Sun-committee of three stockholders to conclude, on mission to this country, and having seen allthe part of the company, a permanent contract that is interesting in this great metropolis, are be kept tied up at her dock for thefconveuience ny will soon permit to come into view. This brutality, endorsed and patronized by men of days. Inasmuch as the Commissioners of theWith the Associated Press, on the basis of the-com- pany's scale of charges.Dr. Hayes, the companion of the lamented Kaae la the expedition which shed a lustre on the Ame-about to take their departure for their native of visiters. We would suggest, hpwever, some selection of candidates from among national country in our largest national ship, the Nia- variations of this plan, which would prove men will be by spontaneous action in the dif-means and of official standing, is driving this Central Park have not only been actuated by a government to perdition; and unless the law- right and just spirit in the management of the abiding citizens, the friends of decency and affairs of the Park, but have succeeded in con- order, unite to crush it, the day is not distant ducting them In a manner conducive to the when they willfindthemselves hopelessly under greatest amount of public enjoyment within the feet of these Pnetorian guards, who already their power, and to the entire satisfaction of sell the public offices, and henceforth will dictate the people, this interference on the part of the the laws, as well as appoint those who carry •Sabbath Committee"—an irresponsible and them into execution—probably capping the unauthorized body—Is, to say the least of it, climax by choosing one of their own number as gratuitous, if not offensive.more profitable to the ship and more agree- ferent States, and the election will be made by Governor's Island. Arrangements were made able to her visiters than the monotonous temporary combinations during the few monthsgara, which awaits them at her anchorage offrican name in connection with Arctic explorations, to sail to-day, but it is not quite certain, we be- spectacle of the vessel alongside the pier. Let previous to election.met a targe number of friends in the Chamber of the captain and company concerned arrange a The immediate result of the present happyCommerce yesterday, mh*~awambled to take fare- lieve, that they will be ready to depart at the schedule of short excursions, up and down the revolution may be the election of Lincoln well of htm prior to his departure. There were two appointed time. river and bay, and around into the East river, as President, and the apparent triumph of theBags presented him—one by the members of the Much of the pleasure which the Ambassadors at so much for the round trip, according to the black republicans. But it will be only an ap- Kane Masonic Lodge, emblematic of the order of derived from their visit, and of the success distance. Thus a trip might be arranged for the parent triumph, for its fruits will turn tothe mystic tie; the other was a boat ensign, which which may ultimately erown their mission, Ishad seen service in the Wilkes expedition, and sub- due to the course pursued by the naval officers Corporation authorities, another for our mer- ashes upon their lips. Lincoln's troubles will aequeatly in the Ka»a expedition. Some neat to whom the government so prudently entrusted chant princes, another for our military, and so begin on the first day after his election. The apeechea were delivered on tb* occasion, a report the care and comfort of riur Oriental visiter*. > on. Thus, too, we might have a sunset, twilight selection of his cabinet will sow the bitterest of which and the proceedings generally will befound in another column.Chief Magistrate of the Union.Crrr MESSENGERS.—Those who know ParisThe Central Park Commissioners have afforded our citizens, of every class, means of recreation of a healthy, and elevating and refining charac- ter never enjoyed betbre in this metropolis. They have given an example of police disci- pline which might serve as a model for largerThe season when our Southern, Eastern andEND OF THE CENTRAL P ARKFARCE,—We publish this morning the last four days' testimony taken before the Central Park Investigating Committee, which closed itswait when unemployed.Now, it is such a class of men as these com-Committee" as to the mode in which order aad decency shall be preserved within the limits of the Park.The evidence presented on the part of the complainants, was of so weak a character that the Commissioners were enabled to disprove the charges est the cross-examination of the witnesses, soil only in one or two instance* feltNow, the great mass of oar people to whomthe Central Park to to be the great elevator andcivitizer. which is to tempt them out of thesloughs of vice sad crmtaaifciatioii is which thecity abounds, can never enjoy the charts* ofnature sad art which it presents on any daJexcept Sanday; aad are the recreations and r«-freshmento which sre afforded to the wealthy.tion, or in some way sought for a connection for extortion. Twelve cents a mile, or twenty- ever sanction any demoralizing pleasures in the the accounts brought by their sssiduous labors in the service of the Ja- hand* arefightingto stay in the Union. Thus. with the management, sad had been rejected. five cents sa hoar, would be fair rates of remu- Park on Sunday or any other day; sad thus wepanese Embassy.a* one after another of our humbugging politicalThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069The experts sad grumblers la general quar-Untitled Documentneration.ftwoabib^n^ceaBsry.sb^,foreae4cotsW^LNTESTIGATIXGSHKBJ* 'mi TV,- ' » — i -8u mm•ntlasi f.naf Days e* Ceawemtleaw, Re- it, by stating that he would make a few roads CLEAXBD?—R becomes a quewffon of eowUfrs« rrarifil, Jwlii mmd. Tammany Clubs.Thebreakingupoftheoldandrottendemo- andturnthesheep in to keepthe grass down, bk;interesthowthebarnacle*andetherbods* I cratic party organization is the beginning of a and let it grow up In a state of nature. All of t attached to the bottom of the Great Eastern,g*>t, in order to defeat the fi blicans by wouldbe to dosothroughourMinisterat(tiecarrytag thai Presidential electt into Con- Cotrrtjof St Jantea. B«t although the time lorgyves/ Itfurtherappearsthat/theDoagtas^thePrface'aVleparttirefromEnglandissonfarhappyrevolution|nthiscountryintheman.these,gentlemenshowthatthevhavenoconeep- Whichobstructedherpassagesomuch,aretobe manager* •eornf^Hf reject all inch OfWteJfea/ at hand, we have not heard that this has bten Ntgement of its political affairs. tion of the want* ofNew York, or what the Park removed. We have no dry dock targe enoughand intellect o f the country, and crushing outeverything like greatness and- nationality i athought or action, in statesmanship and admin-IstratiQu. Established In 1830, b y the master, tests, and that,the Commissioner* will be allow- posed to try the effect of a powerful electric minds who then led the political fight against edTA expend the money appropriated to the current applied continuously for several days the monopolizing tendencies of the United completion of the Park, instead of having their to tiie copper on the bottom. It Is imrmts tvails as to whether his Royal Higttravel aa P^nce of Wab» or as Baronfrew—theMtle he assumed while travelli onthe continent of Europe—he has not moi inthe mattery' We therefore feel bound to callattention to this small, though nevertheless Im- States Bank, the clamorers for a protective time occupied in defending themselves agafhst that thlft might have the effect of loosening thewtustringent bonds of party conventions, the small-er intellects a n d local politician* have been judices Of a ^ a n t nation, and the entering of the | worth trying. The observations of a diver migstwedge of American civilization and commerce easily ascertain the character and quantity of into the continent and islands of Asia. The re- nhe attachment* to the submerged portion ofglorification of brutality and vice, and its exal- tation over the noblest .sentiment* of the human heart /The same may be almost said of those who» these facilities existed, that s t present The commission-The Charleston act of secession is justified oa the ground that a factitious or fictitious majori- ty of the Convention there "forced upon theBaltimore rebellion is next justified on the "'** I www.fultonhistory.com 