 .trigueeEnglish Cbargi,...S3 TEH Ii* do alS*s .S3S7I Mi do ttiS"SincethetrinmphIndepeai every faithful llormB''ProphetFit>babla,-howeTer,I liBie well t • thou^otAbticu bowsr«, det re«<lFLAMov TBIComtpondtnce eftlu tlumxri R^patlKon.Tbe Uberal pwaidNov. 23, IMt. Several of the leaders in the recent attempt of revoluHonlzUg Sunora, liave been to town during the present week. Don Raaure Rivbba, who was to have been temporary Governor la the event of Siihcees, was one of toe party. They now pee their Blstake inin hU. (hrca familykaewhlB^eAFFABI niBXICO.and aUnoBoaberof oOeers. and at ona aoment u ,..^1:.^., -:i-' •'">•' <l>V*'*'aT*lao- theooaae«eooestbreafoa*l to be serfo^b*tfek IhaoathHMBundayoftheHBaKSkttaielT tise of soB»of the pmlotaBd fond»4tad fte h-Wedallr this, exoet nM^m-ButtbepredlIeeAi>asofthehr the Utormla for WtataTFMdB-TheVmHbk!Naitlura tattonofpublicsentliiaBttaf furth«r MnlfM- £^^#^'^^2MSfS«'o?3gfmiMie story. ...TbedeCsaoeUthatat tfea Ha*» porAM* watIafOvandMiflnenee of tbe CleiW prwert^d 2?"'.'L"S°'%'**' •»* «o •««*•It kilbeeB •ttiutarof dlimiirtBB ia<loM.Bidethe rMrenatwlBtoKlM CmmmtittimlAspMtB-CallforA* AaaMBbUafl 9tC»mgmm, Actjefior PaOHBOC, tbe tpaidshNAnMssador, lOll ra- mataishere,andeoOllaoeaMsreoognitlo»ofMwAKoa,Oardaa of Eden. Baiaua oUarel up this a:From Omr Ova OotTMpondmit. Tuotoo, WedoMdar, Not. 28, I860.AST. 4. With respect to the electoral districts. Inat Ouadalijaia, upeiatioDt bare been in a measurenupeDded on the Liberal side for the w«ntof resour-the Governors of tbe States to which snoh dlstriolsTbe occurreuoes since my last have been without conespoud are hereby empowered to deslgnato the' expects to go, before or after tbe resurreetton—orS•SSrari. 4he day o( 4k*deoeased was a smallth^lrces, tbe obsUcie that has always embarsssed limited meansarrived to this from city_^ ,wUl permit, but it will probably whole force in this rally, and formally open the siege.forces ate now again withont funds or the wherewithnomofat*. The eampalfn against Ou»dal«j«r« Bade UMJ brought to Iti successful eoneluslao by th«ofbioldon of the^etum from the famous " mote South."from the cpndmcf, which' was proceeding to this place; buttUs nm has been entirely used up.a desperateol Government.PAnuHT or stiniB.aid of the (800,000 seised by Oen. Dsooiladu.^ '"'age,wojoudr,edtad left It againM the horaau, U the pontfaMteU> opeiale igainit the capital.to make the dis- Immediate settlements afiertaking the field without and will proceed with preparation,nuiW'WvM VKiAL Beftm JMlse 1 iim-S.'forces wlU be as (iTe njftoy otiierwiee would be.Moaoaur, J., yesterday.eolltsloa. eaak.th»t resoaroes to some extent willThere has also a large amount o; plate anl jewels been brought from Puebia, where the churchesoeased hair.pitlledmonS,«fi,£l n2 appear eoapUat hew an« U whMand tiiat the maroh Itezioe wlU not be long delayed.decree Krom the l.-t of:be prarlded )^ some way,upon1861, all the du-to maaaerlatheforces In fh» tatarlor now amount to of 2S.nOS auo with 100 |]teccs of artUlary, and ttereeunrreasUrbeeODeeDtratM in theralleyor Hezlooaaatlr 4i»finmm aad IM pleoei:of artUlery, Bat to provide tbe to latge a foree, wben the military chestonlyMiaAHoir,paidoadelivery.;havlag voluntartiy r-Hj "^tiau of theMeaMsfcUe the fnotler cf the Rio Orande, under theLibera)promptor 'Cffec-iUsapproral t>y the Coremmeut at Vera Cruz of his aeisore of the eeiiditcra. and the rejection both by the GoTenunent and by the Army of tiis plan of pacl&>:a- lloD, 1^ withdrawn entirely from the political scene, and ii now Uvlng quietly in Horelia. The rejection of bis. Ideas of pacification is another proof that the people will solMBlt to nothing short of Uk^full resto- ratlaa,of the Constitution of 18S7, and the complete tritunph of the princloles of reform.It laiDterestiDg aad instinctive to look back and seehow, doling the struggle that has now extended overbe has been obliged to fail back.The fall of this plnce will, therefore, terminate thestruggle. I trust it will occur by the close of this year. •.* VxBA Cans, Friday, Dec. 7. 1860Capt cityof MiBsaoa's last attack upon that pUicetbe ,OaT«nuient at Vera Cruz, and engaged la In(I; for the same object Laano ni Tuana seperaled himself fromBbisbah baa some Important designs la view in re- gard to the East, and takes advantage of the Cap- tain's fjlth, and zeal and entousiasm, anl his knowl-1S9, ISI, 164, 166, 16.Sin-ZBioa Ce«»r.-Part f.-Nps. 037,. 336)(,715, IMT,$7,95.661,803,245,767, 606, 608, 999, 1063,.intl, 961, (>S9, 657, 619, 349, 765, 687, 391,721. Part l/.-^No*. 64<l, 630, 666, 606, 682, 864, SS-*, 890, 18, 754, 523, jU£ 56, 412, 438, 498, 740, 163, 644, 468, 504, 990, 610, 87^73, 144, 14a.with tbetrigues vshich iBve only served to place Mr. Lsaao in an eqalvqcal poeitioa, and cause him to disappearfroB tta ooeneef aotioii :...si* 71 i* .-.B*T»( »do Ckrv.0^ACin.RISrecentaof the decreeanCaart afOyeraad Terailaer*<^vided,I also inclosejustIssued,requiring^r* rafo, among the claimants, accord-piotty iibeialcomiiilsslon,ISO do;eral cause and the ulx of tiie lawful GovemmcDt,C( nnected withpublicaffulrs;r,I.vthich only, lii any iveut, must necessarily be Elble for Itii repayment.TheThomas White, todicted for robbery, pleadeJgnllty City of New-York, on Saturday, Pec. 15. ISet,Buf the JTO ra«a distribution wl.Ich lias been m-iic at tills plbce places lUese large holders on LDe ^aiao footing of pro rafa^ossas the siaaller and entirely iii-Zamcha, ttie tM. fcALlQ^T,tht l!tand was sent to From wbt.t he said, wl.ness went to toe room, aad ) ears and ntoe mouttis.Mr. Marraiwa—in-re=i>ju-and ui-ne recent OQ the au- yTTeekly Ayeragesof theBanks of tbabynow approach to the v ery gates.stow, provided no second attempt is made to over- throw Pxsqr-Bnu till fully prepared to push the tova-leare Ibr the interior, with upwards of 4,U00 men, and under Vicabio, who has vamly attempte.-' to force a a flae park of artiUery. Gen. Dboollai>o, after the passage past Cuernavaca from Iguala, to which pointtribes could be and totroducel into familiesFor Assaolt and Battery—Jamas Drake. Caart af Oeaoiml Seaalaa**have (3 per week aiiiuony, peaitag Utlgaiija, aadplatotUT'sCCaiUfkm va Jfon-u.—Amsaided oomplaiat strick-dlincaltles which must be KjI uy the Consliiutioual s*;izure of the lo/eiign boudboldersVund, and the vio- Government in t^e f ..ture. ^ latlen of tlie seal ot a foreign lev'Juun.manywomen caoie around ; Mrs. Dtigan said to re-"a of Id the fourth He was sent one plea guilty degree.Including the Cleaiing-house operations nf the the Banks, srd including, also, the Sab-Ireasaryaiid the UDiied States.leiiiij^s too profusely ail at once, were floir, th.ef,ilo.-ing him that we have lost a faithful and aa :iDle \ at ey and vicinity are next to receive, from Ihe Su- currence was about ten o'clock in the morning i Mrs.Now;officer, liuu must Uke him along, and gel a doctorCapitalLoansSpecie ~ lW,4»l,i)3» 18J46.3St I£,5&i.74S ClrculaUeu e,3«3,«2C 6S7i,7U 8.»M,1*3is a pioper lime for cur manuftctorcrs ofuhe Konh to ttlve steps to tesaii tlie importaut iraJe they once iiad ^^ith tiiis port, ani* to secure, a 4 mi^.lt easilyo.-Lbbirg, blankets, llnsey calloo. batchei.s, spi^de^,Thomas Lawsou, Hamlltou W. sidp-be made tbe vlolatton of the seals of the British Legation.inent. whatover cIrcuBstaace its- meeting cannot take place in that city.be thankfuL The Garden of Bdea, tiWB,notwIthslaiidiDg tiie energetlcprotestagainstaoaaselthat as the traoefsr or aalgs-*«» theirstlil take two or three weeks more to concentrate theCmz,tlay of November, 1660. BENITO JUAREZ.logMber"^In themotniogI sm now more inclined to think thatresistance wki be made. Every preparation to this and the Libers! end is being vigorously prosecu^, supplies of everyOvgan,of was out for wood when his mother mamkliid aref Excellency the Constitutional President ud tnirrtm of toe Republic has been pleaseisure the Union will to pieces ere more go many yearsfor for his motherb«|s wMpiandhave passed.be that the time is not yet, however near at baud Ithe came back aha didn'tgiv*to ocsMKBce their march upon the CspltaL This Is Since the seizure of tbe bondholders' funds, addl-Nm teana why the forces at GuadaiaJara,haTe not UoBal forced loana have been imposed and a consid-OTBdJiBBiedlstely towards the City of Mexlce. ItU erable aBount of paper has been furnished by the thebadbut when iMdrove him tobCT Us mother talclergy.— BCTOLDTIOMtSTS Iin>IA» DETBIOA-well,alway* borne a good oharactoraadin fram tbeexcetslve care is taken to prevent desertions.txg witness had gone gtobroughtneighboring haciendas,Lniier this date (lis;have been stripped by theThese means willfor that serve to renderApril,had witness had boardedclergypurpose.that thein an action at law afternotunder tlie fanatical advice of the Clergy, less willingto enter Into a capitulation, and the probability now Isthat we will have to undergo a siege tnat will cause gr^ destivolton of prepeiiy and extreme soArlng, especially among the poorer classes, whom tbe entire BuspeiisioQ of all employment; and the scarcity and high price of provisions, leaves la a terrible stato.AST. 'J.haid Dioiiey, aoo the other half In drafts upon the City of Mexico I rawn at sight in such sums anl to the order of such persons as may bs required by the Col- lector.Abt. S. In consequence Ihe Custom-houses shallTsasoa,Friday,years, have treated his wife well,alwaysIn I'Uf'bIa, to abandon that city, and he is now uu theUcHtbs in the New Several Pimo Indians are here with capturedthree yMrs, every plan or proposition of compromiser«4iiulBentbetween tbe Church and tiie cause of to be used exclusively in meeting tbe expenses of tae not furgetiing the various other people in the far off malign iufiuence wideb has been affecting her.deficient, aad tbe jury aoqultted.CE0t)i n Had. Riv. Raflraad 3* CMS 3i HarlsB Badraad.. I»Kre<br«,hiBbeenoverridden and crushed, andils au- thon^plt^Und Is the march of events. It was lasnoh as attempt that CoHoanai was first overthrownLiberal force in the attack upon the Capital. Easiem Archipelago. Tbe Captain appears to have While the satisfactory (inclusion of this negotiation great faith in his destiny to tbat regton". What a thing—THER or TVt, OAPE ^AOQlnTTAL.3,000 de34nCaiState7f 8T MO do I31» S 000 Erie K. 4th M.Bs, 74 Ut BarlsiB B.Preiered St ... . do 74)tthe* 9oiua tried hie liand and failed ;She was ac-mbeequently DaoeuLaao attempted it in Ills in-" II.—Soa. sweetoearts, who are now, of course, without Tom- Termtoer. PartU* M. So. O.A K. L 8. SIMc IU dsia.saoiuvxelmiistl-i* do at**de loe.Taeassiege,Everywhere the Liberal arms have lately been victo- rious, and only their last stronghold now remaius to tbe Church.We have no newF of special interest from the loto-In every direction the Liberal forces are occu- pied In the movement of concentration on the capital. Tbls will stlil require protmbly two weeks, when, if resistance is made, the siege w^ conuneace.taken the to but had cape repair it,f» do 6 Bank of Comnwroe. 8iH 10* do;subsequently it for t30. His wife had afWrw ards redeemed and returned It to the owner. In view of all the cir-ISUnkiaBank «•;then EoHiea-bru him to Salt Lake g "grand larceny.toat the prisoner was a furrier by trade.quatoted wito him, aad had said something tfwut having some repairs made upon a for cape wuch shetuttonal Government is now near at hand, tbls tloiely terview with Miasaea, before tbe battle ofiEKaooia assistance wlil insure our vigoroua prosccu'ljn of the1J00»5,S00O.AM.«.8 F.B. Ti lOafaaamARaas;.then It was again tried in the negotia- tions which took place before Vera Cruz at the timeis an evidence that the most cautious part q^ our coa-muidty are coovlnced^>t the tiiumph of tbe Consti-If he should meet with and convert Tommy," andHerman Simon was next tried on an indictment forcomplainingUlcta.Cen. &....t3S4M( do <-....tf»w oo 41 » Hlch. So. A N. L R. 13rlor ;1 Inclose toously tip^ Iblmself. Heanwblle, all the constant «n- Is to take place on the first and third Sunday of next and prosper." At all events, BaiasAii, on Sunday, deavajTS '»l tbe entire Diplomatic C^rps have met month, and the Congress is to meet In the City of told tbe people that "Elder UiBflON was going fortoand lastly has occurred the of Gen. DaooiLASo, which has onlybe«:ning to the d[l»po6itlon made by the Government atVera Cruz, and the sum will now go forward by the as at and fromJrgilsh packet, wblci^ leaves this pott to-morrotv. These tMftdOO comprised really the sums belong-lures for toat bourne whence nn traveler e'eriSCuml'. CuOPref.. 9 too tlltoois C.K, S'o.slS «1the (Tongress wUl meet where ttie Government may direct.degree.Inbreaitlngenteringthepremisesofof to anything100 GO SiMlcfa. Cen. R.prevent,1 oie5,0003.01103.000 (;•!. ^tate T's 87 l»IUeh.(<o.ftlfjDd.K. t3 2JIC0 I!><,~kXitc W.Lo «e eaiit«i,.a.aMXe.^. as~^a decreethe payment of duties on tiie delivery of the i^oods. in-the completion of the discharge of the vessel.This new arrangement dues not go into effect, bowhis name. bo*vv; 18 very prominently mentioned as the mistpvi'-irImptirtant poitlulioi,ai>iI send this letter by tiic i:^agiisti steamer, vta Vera potot Ihtlr chief authorities, not a ttiwiandlng iv c; ..with harlegwith any American port, except t<y transle.it sailing vesseLIri'ia a ttate u: i Jrc almost l ipansoble in places to ttuerr*Uentconil:|:<nfortravr.ing. Inthiscityanilvi-[Klntiig It soIheIn my last, of 17th Inst, I advised you of tile seizvireBondholders' fund, amounting to up-the eisrclsc t f his rlglts. «h.was Bustalu- cd. At F.uniuistob, where toe wtod is accustomedof thewards of one million of dollar:;. It is now said tliat;Englishwhich the law accords to htm.1 repeat ti. your Eicelicncy tbe sentimonts of ray to play ctr fain wt d fieaxt,, ncus^a, barns, she Is, c3r- afterwards toe wltoe.-v le.'irrestod hiui, at tbe orler of child, to company with a woman, attempted to;If there was more it has mysteriously disappeare I nt Gf«l ann LIberly. \ ska Cbcz, Nrv. «. iseu.the corriJ tind i tack yard of Mr. FauiiAif Ljo.iiao and not at all interested In wiiat was going on ; his knocked down by toe borsea attached to the car anil daud at 7 per cent, so lar as thej have cl.iiai torvuU, The official journal of MiKAHO!) has atteaipteJa justification of thii scandalous robbery, and to legal-ize It that theso funds were de- by claiming althoughsigned for the Foreign Bon<:holder8, they had not yettwen delivered because tbe they had not lefttook fire; several tons of hay and straw were con- sumed, and one mole and Odd hundred and stxic«nlogdivellicgbjase of >!r. N. tltiiaLT, across Ue itrcet, was ahw destroy-,,-toought appearstoo prlscner was wiilpp«d up toe norscB and theyand offercourse there is a good deal of paper oflersd whicucoiut&ry, and that such being the case they were still subject toTnat, constdtringtional Congress should be called together tbat itmi/was mrcb excited, ravint;, anil wuull take notiilog;careless, aad contribut&ito tbe accident. It is fur-the| rcfereoco to ouestioLs ^make use ol its fa-mtiiei* «itodone—in the evening toe dm*? was amputated, a previoushay fiyto^ about consultation navlng ruiulteHl bi a dccl.sion favorable jury:" alioutThat a crossingchargingfirm feeling, induced bythe assur-poUtical exigenciesof the:personaunder arrettywo'ild be tbe source of no ina>c r./.j- Uioveiaeut^, but wuula ici;.ain, ai il li.n s >;;dui.'ii; ttie pass.^geof too Caiifi r. i.i iLion .so tie ea.igrtlUn ti'(/jt/i, tiie first witDuss, testified toat on toe 25ih ol October last she lived' at No. 10 Roiseveit- street ; prlnoner end bis wife also lived there, anda gentleman, cT i^ne wbo canstrong a hold upon tbe respect ani esteem of all c'l-see•M.1I1SM. tet,4U,0M ld,8i>3,S77Dm. iSgUB. «»,!$&«» 131,740,172Dm- S. ISS*. «6»,lW,**a »0,214,MSctim['lisiiedgal-ia woman said to toetl.e Mexicans as Mr. McLa.\b hasdone. We;Thompson,which are necessary, tnat tt maybe—because CiVi n,"To hisExceilencjthe Governor of the Suite of EICBXS.wife was totoxicated slightlywitoe&s there ran over. It that the driver of to' car hadsecurity. Of—a durab.d peace stable,testifiedho founi tbe deceased sitltog on Itieti light or market for Money is.-a.l at tbe sarj,: tisoe he calls upon all Meiicats teat tie-j ;i.-lv a >-legality:mane toe arret tfloor in his own risom. r.uar lh« do-^r,biokeat the was etilng his breakfast; wit-ci.-t, visited th.. vHiley, dilvl-in the snow clou.ls atCruz and Havana, aa we have .'.o coinmuuication siltuiionai order is still :nteriupt<-d in a la.i cite c, tbe fallen snow c.can awa}-, aud drying up toe roa-ls ness asked deccisec•f thewluch is Uiat where the supreiu--- p-.'-vetJ oi t.-eamong been exercised. na-arn have reiiriy alwa,9aske I for a doc- he ropliei thatThe Gcvernmeut expects of your £ icellenoy thit ineasily,BiiriTO J CAB'S, Constlidtional President a1 interim of the United .Mexican Staus, to :u« liituiMtaa:s of the same mnke'Ji knownwere buri'ed to doith. Theas toey could, and the car wb.s only s'.opped alter toeoccurrence of toe accident Tbe counsel for defei«l-ant takes the ground that the verdict is against theweight of eviiienc*. toe platotiff 's chtki havhig been declined under niiy sUte of things.bethts K'renoor»:.si-Llng,however,wiUhardlybeacceptedbytheEng- ptibdc UJ.aAutumnalnext cay aba had dein-ium tremmsmarket and •- incoKntinuei^itlialit tsdes^r.ible that the Na-was blown Government. This rea- 'which, affect toe present and toe luiure of tne lie- bio « n ofl and otoer daaiage: igt)e yctp^l^ortt ftimtg, gimAflfl, tt<ctwkr 18vMMdraoawaee* it Is not to be expected that the opera- tbe exciting rumors or events of each day. and under ti e liqult^atton is being arranged and the payment It wiU be difficult to succeed now agalast a Oovern-Dutestifled that his fatlier always treated lUs BotherNo further wltneises were Introduced, and Judge Special Term of this Coort aad tlw Superior Coar^lie indllitentetowardsthemoremenUlatheinterior, putanendtotberuleoftheRomishChurchin *fltctsfippuslie*!,proceedingIntnesameinconform-seal the trinmph of Constitnticinal order, and f >rev6r •ad iii< contribute its aid ineittter money or men. .Mexico.«tom-houseautnoiltlcs shall proceed to tne sale of thelaAocaee •( Vnacau, malotalns an attitude ofCourt WBB'ttaat toe ner was a prlsigreatiliyaTh^Vvlh Ih tlie system of almost free trade, whichbas aaer for tome tlau been In operation upon this ftontteti hai quite alienated the interest of the peop'e froB ais straggle in the interior, and they have tx>:ae to look with ladilference upon Its continuance;bad turned traitor,entirely unfounded. Ue isqtdettemper-^Treasury and t'le c-iis*queiit ends.forlopg at Uiere is no strong central authority capable of other persons of res-pectabiiiijt were arre>ted anout in oppressive taxation,toto Court the amountpart by public almitted by toelr bid of later-Among the Mexican residents, particularly tho<e at all fcuppvted to be of Ll^'Ctal procllvltlt-s a perfect rcign of terror prevails. Yesterday Dos A^iobl Lbsdo, (a brother of Don MicuBL Lksdo db Tcja&a) Adaaham ArbC'Nis. the lieenciadu Batis, and some sir or eigutvementupontoepresent one,andtheCoBstlto- ord-nai-ce f-l Uie law tif Dec- II, 1633. Impr1ounder 4elerium aad her madelathatatatoreomfemnlsi,Ml,thathesrtohtuesmbeanntd,hthaelretfaoarlea, an aaaault,wss not to be credited, siaca toethe the contest.arPBEHK CODBT—hPEOIAL TEEIt.ScTHEELAKD, i.— Theodore U. VeUerline y%.Beiwj KMfisa/^.— Motion granted. The plalntiff'to pariiu- forimknowncauae. Anypersonislikelyt> be seized at any moment, and >uu can tniagine the fear and excitement that prevails. Besides this, there are constant alarms from the Liberal forces whichfor yourtos sale ofkaowledge lands, it is also proposed to declare Soaora a sor- of proof that tin axe ia question was used either by pleader to be to toeir hands.prlsonedonelence. the jury would acquit.exteadla( aa equal tariff over the wHole co'intry, their pnieat syitera of nearly free trade is left undis- tuibea*Tlja restoration of an eqnal tariff throughout th?vbole of tbe Republic, and its faithful obwrrancethe local antltorities of these frontier States, will beone of tbe most serious of the m«ny difficulties whichvlU have (o be met by the Coosiliutional Goremment ws) higher by way of tbe Llanos de Apaiu, f^lzlng -mi•iter Its establl^bmeat in power. The State of Ti- his mure all the supplies of provisions upon wnlch hemanlipas, homever, is responding nobly to the Lib- ran lay tils hand. Tnis will concentrate the last of eraleaose.EarlythecomingweekG'iv.Gaxzxwill theChurchforcesinthiscapital,exceptasnailb>dy etrretptnUeneeofIkeNew-YorkTimet,£l,z<i*er* Vf. Joknton vs. Tkmnot c. Butler et at Motloa granted wlihoat costs to elthar party.!youto befied by the United SUtes ISenate, this trade wjuld cause he recognized in It the cau^e of llberiy anl of tnts and prove sufficiently grateful therefor to spare the bad been i.olslly drunk all the weei; witnessdinary concessions as thuie she offered to us in thetime of her distress, but wiilcn we were not wise en-ough to accept.In grirtittftn to the f400,000 of the retumei zoniw.tamoney, there will be shipped to Kuglaad by tue pres- ent sieameTOpwarasoftl,l'00>M>0in diver bars, wMca has just oome down by a special concuzta from U:e mines of Real del Monte.One of tbe principal owners of those mines, the wealthy baaker, Don MaaccL Esoasaon, has also ar- Mved here, nt rautt tot Vera Cruz, whence he proceeds to the United States. Senut Esoaxsox is at the head of the rallioad enterprise from Vera Crtizto'the City ofMexico, and Is one of tbe most enterprising capitalists in ths Republic. His departure from tlie City of Mex- ico at this moment is coiuddered very significant of tbe spenly fall of Miaaaos, for it is a principle with the Mexican capitalists tiever tu be present In the capital whcB a change of Guveriiment occurs,CALLING OF A CONGRESS IN MBXIJO. travels and persecutions of toe fiiuriat>nCity.appears the Te<iuc€d volume of business among tbe Cityas it is, we have progress, which as a true phii-tntoropltt he ujughi to humaii Uie and toe of toe white man. propertyh'inrd no uncuiT:mori noise uiat morning.Prisoner said they had each tikea a little gin thathave been ours without a struggleto compete with the Englisb,wbohare fur many years favor everywhere. It may not be (eueraliy kuowo to toe Slates that Bomli g siilu he had not inflicted thedition to the Loanaand Discounts. The;Specia so good as lookedhequite monopolized the Mexican markets. Business is beginning to revive here since the cTose there ate live Psalmists uow-a-days—sweet stogers to AVili ess saw {h'i sou of the deceased half an niiirto countersign a war-averag*is asteadyone, notquitemriETAM rECEEHS EROM THE JOABEZ OOTKRS-—M1!M LDTJll TO Bt ?A1UMiMaTI of (iov&iutuj.f : CtIlCCl.A;t.spiced wito a taste of Ihe prophetic.shof keepers,sine* Ihe crisis.The line Depositthe ro- fExcuo Sbss.: 1 havi- :be i.met v.'ltha tcrioas a-'Ctiienttneosenttoihe HosjiUal:;a tobecime pub--S DXPARTMR o^ Htatb in»way between toe knee and ankle;been ceitlfiedbyf» Y.;i:r c ipi-;; at liie Urcrf e of C«nvci::il.ou isauel LU Itr tr.l^ dale fir th': eUclion ol Koi/rescr.taii^es una oi i'resident of t:ieM>.>cia, b) beingWeiinosJay,Eact I'.incy, for the corre.-.p^-L jl-,^ eaJlosing i.moval of toe bmt) w as advisedibeenleft to toe streets so as exposedeign Exchange early In the iay, the best Ban'i- ers' Lills lieing quoted at 103^3101, and trans^jnt Bask and merchant bills 102f3103 per cent., but-.'.e--;:the market was iirmrr at 10*nt r cf In'onrun ov jr wito aCash.wassbot to tbe luain street <if this City, la open day. by iifxt room ; the bines were badly shivered, the rag- The detence is that Green h:iis failCHl to perform hisgoes UpandIn contlnua'ion cf tbe I>ecrc.^ Your Ercclle^of rious seirts—cOudy, wiuiy, snowy, frosty, aa; ttin operation was toe deceased was not drunk at the time ottbeoccurrence,butappearedlikeaninteaiperite out of witness s.ivv iwoaxes Bitheh-iuse of toe d*ye.i.so.i. but on cxanu- tbe wit- toe wound was such asvicinity i this groimd toe Mayor witoholds Ids stgnatu.i-e.Kcputiiic.will find the artila ECcetsarjr to Kg'tliite sucl, eTecutA.R.Lawrencefor (iefeudaut.plaintiffi ILH.Andersonfornews to Dec. 7 advisin? furtherGod and Liberty.V^ba Caui, D,;c. 5. 1650 OCAMPO.thisanyelse,AFPAIKS IN UTAH.MiSAHbK has orcereJ OorrnEB;, who commxnlel Oapt. OlbsoB Gado on a 9f ia^Ien to the Eaat sioii with effect.dooea by a blow froB aa axe, to render a verdict of maaslaiighter ia thatotrd or fburto degree. If the axe war* not used, they sbouid acquit.After aeharge frota ttie Court, the Jury refired, and In a (sw miuu'es rendered a veriitct of aequittaLgranted.WiUiam O, Ha) vs. Mar* T. /fay.—Keport confirvad. BoBBBV, i.—Ckarlet T. Harrit vs. HamUton Marra^m^.Cases^ed.Hanford vs. Mayor, 4e.—Judgment for defenlaats aaIndies— Suiieriatendent Wcaiherf Sie.Territory-The Anache children for sale.The Plmos had a fight last killed eleven of them, anddemurrer, wito leave to pbtlatib to "»wi^ithethird thefo-.nlhor SuntarMleased,astoth*preeise of looaltty'8k*' ««•*£*"*''ZS^:l^2ll9* '" "* *"*" »f MmEo, or in Se pltoe which stattbeWioagtbewatofaoerttlat aad iaCaat,a* qnaUtf valiiB,«feea,alleged, Ii wss not as repreaealed. the ptaMtf aU- Ingafslsestateneat IwdefendaatoCsndparat evldcoee to oslaia U* allagattaoa, bat plahill#^to Bbmbam, ma "right wiwre theSefior Dkl Baxxxo, the Minister of Guatemala, also wMcb, on arcount of the disturbance of legal order laid tbe foundation of the Temple, in the centre Stafe*objected, arglagall the other foreign Minis- obtainedbyt|ieliberalarmy tersateatJalapa,withintheConsUtuUonallimits.or whatever other impediment, the electloai oanoottokeplsre on the days in tbe law. assigned presaatrtmalnsin this capitalThis County, Ho.,;of Zion."Jacksonmeans, I suppose, attrherainterest or importance. The Liberal forces days which the elections shallspecialare moving towards thlsjdty from all sides as fast asWheurpeofnore, I order take place.that it be printed, published,ctrrulated and observed.Dated in the Nailonal Palace at VeraA few a bucket machine days agomuch oneTo the citizen. Jobs na Ehpabab, Minister at interrtitoe Spring^ he tuul used the axe In the mondnx spUtK-MisisnT OF Stati a»ABB PirSLIO CaBBIT.iI.ties es'BtfUslied bv tbe oroloance of maritime custom-TIOB8.oughtm Ib56, shall be;the BK>ney.H. JiL. Uaypsrfer plalattff,"«. H.Aaderamfartlo?e lilile conilorls or reinelies wM.a are so acce-i U-ficulty, and tbe Irla! prociedeJ, with no forraii open-Jameswas found& Ii 20Del„L. We.:.it..MoBDAT, Dec. 17—r. M.hoped,;Orrios or Tbbasubv(In the;Ihei.nlfof these duties shall be la paidpri^ceeiipatch of tbe goods, retalnlog to the wareiiouses toe pari o; tlie same tbat to tae judgment of the CollectorBufk Is ntteiljr exfasosted, is no easy task, and under such Among us foreigners, nothing is done but talk over mii> tie i'ec«B.sATy to cover the duties meanwBUe toat money, arms and ammunition. Even with toese aids. welLpiuonerleeoonaimade.ABT. 4. If, after the settlement of the duties, pay-ment fully aware of their plans, aadrtt will require a much larger force to overthrow Psb^itbiba than it wtiuld have dune had toey made no movement tillDean summed up for ttia defence. He.had ao interestto tbe convtotion or acquittal of the prisuaer m:iretoan the jury themselves had. He was here as an offi-cer of the t^ourt, to see that tbe priaooer's rights were slgnedliy toe Common Cooiteilfar the use of die itipt-constant apprehension of new exactions or fresh out-ragee tiom these barbarous fanatics, we tremblinglyawait tbe slow approach of the d.ay that wlil at last tlie ol tlie vessel without the of thoroughly preparea.came intoseeklag pussigislon OfAe ssine nom. Tin roiMa tta~me ut shall not be raade, or if a month sfaall pass after discliaige presentationprotected under the law. The evidence before toeCourt, has been assha*< by tfa* Supervisors ttDaieti In li'B Nsiioual Palace at Vera Cruz this 5thitton much more democratic and liberal to its provisions. It for toe freedom of lib provides speech,erty of toe Press, rellirlous toleration, toe estabUsh- tatvt and encouragement of scliools, and provides for raising a revenue for toe support of Governmeat witti-of !)«-. uiwr, IbCO. Tfi tI.e t-ii z*n,Mmoiicb OcAuro,BENirOJUiREZ. and Public Credit.especlal-ytrudi was much mors probable that she bad tojuredMinister ofI romniuiiicale tbe same toheraelf by falltog about, la bar drunkea stupor. After cumihentlng at considerable length on toe tesUm<>nv, toe counsel concluded by asking, that In the absencetcarce here, except p ues.iLg p<-ople,as tuje of the cr.uie whch was cnarKCd.Uii vtry at ir;!e.ii!ar tilei- t,i tiAeive }ears ago,^. t'rtiil.ful.y dutiiip tbe able ani arduous tii-:iot tSviv. ven: and U'caiion of t.'ie army ai this Teirltory. Anl witness Bxew tliern ; toe witaess's little child wentuiwaii^ of the ConsUiut^mil uii.-.c. silk claldieu naturally need more coa.toruj toan iio acioss toe t i.try to prisoner's room and c line back.w French MlinsU^r,U.e iiitt rlor o;- Si.ni'tiv last. It Is s'.iteiJ' i.:ic !;e willtogrand larceny,Sing Stogprebientaggregata the following changes $1.52^,8f9I !: Iie.-e for u. iil-.S.Its Ovutitt-tif thit plalath*lapIt fromopportunelydeslgoatedbvVwGovern. Bandar,^rwhichnodoubtallUhUcalatodentiIto iruit to me tbe following decree a ay be. Liaoou^promised,gruBblea,ojBj:The Citizen Usino Jsabis, Uonstltutfonal Pretl- enterisg wTehdogeu.gh (*rbt aondrim ul the Unit>^ Mexican States, to all's aieotloa isIcooiideredtheafawlleeakovperrevaiosutsoveto tohae htuoret befloerg* shaf*UdOBB eanvteyn-nuleatoa-asdlietebte, la tUi ooy, lytag batwaih^ifth-of the same maketn known: That, la use ot ihe ample faculties with which 1 am invested,FroB Arlaaaa.^asseaaoLt waTvoli Hiiihab^uitshit nomas Burnt next testifled that he bad Itoowa theJot•boold rather say before or ia tbe Hllloaalaa. -^JPandkppurteaaaeei Tarowan, Iron Couatr, soma this «th toree hundred mllei souto. They were senttlwre isof Indian Affairs—The week with someFinals,Gevat Salt Laxb Citt, Friday, Nov. 23, 1880.Since Gibson's return to this from the llle, and fitted to become, as they grow up, usefulmembers of society.SU te, beFOBOEBT—In this Court yesterday, before Becorder Barv- application—Defeadant must have notloe of Ihahas aidressed tbe TabernacletlcD several times. Ue teems to have considerablefaith In Mormonism, for the present week sees himstarting on a mission to the Orient. He travels by the temptedI hasten to bifcrm you of the important result of southern route, to San Francisco, I suppose, and diaa to denounce Mary Phaloo as one of toe weird PitsoD.— OKAKD LABOEXT QITILTr.seme negotiatioiis wtilch have been pending duringthe past few days between the Government and thecapitalists and merchants of tills city. Although tlie details of the loan have not been fully arrange!. It has teen decided by the merchants to make an associated advance to the Government to the amount of $6i)0,000,It wouldof his talk on Sunday in the Tabernacle, that his pres- ent mission will be rather an extensive one. He claimed acquatotaoce with the reigning Ktog of Slam, also thought a good deal of the Japs and their country,sisters. Mrs.HendersonsUtestoatshetook to Marytoence forSingapore.appearfirom the tenorboard wito her, and toat immediately she was takenman- accomplish thosedes'gos. Or,itmaybe,thattheCaptainfeelsa strong call to go and preach the Mormon Gospel to.ecge of Eastorn people, countries, iinguages,do...S3S7IH mitetVH 3M de nners, customsand affairs togeneral,toagainst tbe prisoner to warrant him dict.inasking a ver-congrsga-—toat is toe opinion of Mrs. Jane Henderson, who at- to persuade toe eiltor of the Patersoa Ouar-OtrilTT.Lay vs. Imii. forIn ttuit case there wouldbe a ray of hope for Tommy's" bevy of Yankee BcPBUca Const Cibcvit. Part I. Oyar aadt———1.000 E.R.Coo BikUitl. i3Mich Ct.£«Ot.ist MuSksFaCoo.Bdst*at^eBptserved ta;dlsappoint his friends and to react injuri- election for members of Congress and President. This the Archipelagian heathen, and Bbiouah says, " Go THE BINATC8 IICBDEB CASI ^KOTIOil 09 'lIABCAS Oeorge 'Williams, indicted for burglary, pleaded 1100 Oal. k Ohl.R ...>3t«l IS* dowith tlie same result, and have amounted to nothing;Mexico on thethirdSundayof to wuich February,fully auth'itized to negotiate wito all the nalioas ofIn.this Courtwritten opinion to toe Btoatos murder case, denyingFOB BDBGLABT—IKDICTED COHTICTED OF LAB-BtOOn BOAXS.t;.00» U. 8. Ss. '74, Cou so 3IX>grie R»tlPoad...s:3 »1(youcopycalling— COBPDS DSHIKD. yesterday. JudgeA BCBOLAB TO BnO 8IVO--guilty and was sentenced to Slag Stog tor three years 2ia docnn 410 Clcv. A Toledo B.».the cause has moved slowly but surely on to its full point we hope reariy two months t}efore tnat time the Itos world wbo wouUl o3oy toe (impel of Ciirlst if ;CEHT- SebasUan Tanner, indicted for—lis filial end.Th^ Booey rektoted from the eandusla seized byGovernmentwill be removed from this In case place.and en a toe mCition made argued Saturday, uponto toe firstit.eM U. 8. (w, *H7 S6 oo do1.000 Ulssoun State Os 65J« lOO Harlem Railroi^tdo»u aH MX 4:)( 18triumjib.Gen. Daeoixano, amounting to some $400,000, hasbrotoer Gibson would magnify his cailhit;, be woulddo more good toan he ever antlcipate.1 doing." A prisoner, Collins, charged wito toe murder, be re-burglarycertatoly.Ueato seems to have been tolerably busy the pastMrs. Clark and her daughter tioto teittoed that wulie they were at iihiner tbey heard a luilse in the entry. On going to see its cause toey found toe prisoner hadoo. TIrgii.laPUteO's. 7iii1636. Perhaps tois arrival is the last ex-As elsewhere, there Is here considerable discussionas to whether tbe Union will be dissolved to conse-quence of toe election of Ltaoou. Varioas are theoptoions uttered. Ortalnly every Mormon is dead wfaieb it was found aflar the ooouneooc£aw Mis. Uugan sitttog on the door step, with her ilui new Superintendent of- Indian APiirs, Col. Da- leg bleeding toe is at tbe top ot the lan-l-still, the seiziir-j just at that moaieut p oceed no further liian Jalapa, 'deeadng it uselvts to v.s, is setiiiig about his dull: s most lndii.i'.rloasly. 4>it iiilj.had tbe eif-rct of preventing tho loan to Mikamux. do so under li-e pre.*=ent prospects of Miilau..v. II.; ^aitircsy be. accoaipanird by several r'ederal office s, onei WbS standing to the middle of his room by tbe on an todictment tor forgery , on motion ot counsel, a Decrease in CirculationiK}cent parties;ptiriprt.sIn toe case of ThomasBuckly, previouslyconvicted-UUi52a ,401 1,030. -ATAU of thete matters are, however, only heaping up has sent to the latter an energetic protest against tua vi-i.eti tlie camp of LirrLC Suldibb, chief of a smui Steve i witness tbcn shouted murder, wben a great new trial was granted, and tbe pilsoner at o'ice put in Increase to Undrawn Deposits.Tbe immense commercial advantages which that of the tainy season, and arilvals oi vessels are now he Mormon Israel, even as there are prophets, apjs- after, oon-tog with wood, but had o Jt seen him twfore rant cUiected to toe Chamberlato of tlds City directing for, although a rising average for the coming weeictreaty would have given us, will ouiy be uaderstbo'l more frtqucnt. This will strengthen the hac is ef tles.patriarchs, and appreciated when negotiations with Mexico are the Goveiiinient at this time wiieft- faults ajo so Sbo« aseers snd reveiators. Miss. E R. eu toat iriorntogtoe deceased was a granimother. him to pay the relator toe sum of 91,00*. It appears frcm the acceauona from Califomia on Friday, aii4resumed, and we again seek to obtair. .^CQ extraor- much needed. parts. Tbeburcen ot' the eflort appears to b-i toe o'clock to toe tnoi utog he saw tho deceased ;ptmts lengthy" Psslto forthis sum is claim- 1800," to two called to to attend toe deceased, at about eleven ed by reason of his being toe contractor to collect andEngland by tbe Beaton steamer. The decrease iafor some weeks b of Circulation past signiticantlluivABn f PZNOEB. wTio attained some in notorietywith tbe IjOansDiscoonts,— some, as >et, judii:ia iv unproved hjtid toiscoixeis projci'Jng through toe fiesbcontract to accordance wito Its termschangcs,There was an iDclination to doUness in For-to one of theTic weatoer, during toe past week, has been of va-mit to toe at first, but the lltnb was suise-and on decision reserved.severely injured.he Court loiik toe pseers—wagoncadous,Pt<ratiououently removed beiow the kneelic ruisanci. to to toe people residingI severalnf the L'r^sni.: l.iw by *U:j;:i it days a:- hue r.j.a warm as could be desired at tols sea- toe bedroom wiiii ner broken liuibafter therrmittances gold,for Bankers andBank bills and liest merchant signatures.It la impilS^lbU for llio Excelle;. :y ui_ Proscnl, iijseems t J hold off, and rns.'iy p?ft'Ica!e a very favorable, that is, a very iliio .1 h; ^iirui one, perhaps toe more so as toe last two u- iii,ee hsvc been pretty jevoie for man, be8.-tajid L'( e.r-.:tr.g toe !s3t two or thrr." tlays of the -Is*! wse'icent, for t;ansien'. ThustMcr»n,to do mors Uiaii ae is no* Jouig lor th of our country.jjjI In'aUoi. fjun-i no tiiood upon either of toetulOJialO^iUe Is urging on, anl be will cont'ntre to p'i..li for- ward until It IS obtained those mldiirv Oi;eruio- s;at the Hospital, shewouldtakenomedicine.far the PhilipJJettervs. TheA'ete-YerkaadHarlem Wednesday,ti.-i.I.IabSIIty of Ballroad rorporatfona for Aoi* of Enplayce.OOMHON PLXAB—OENBBAL TEBX.Beforfi .'udijed Daly, Brady aaS BUtoo.to having K« ilroat^ Conpan^.—TbLi Is aa appeal oa toe part of ing ajain oftbe defeadant from a juigment rendered at a t'iil term of tois Court, before Judge HiLTOir and a jury to 13^9, to which toe plhrntiff recovered of the defend- art $1,000, fur injuries iloue to his child who was run overbyoneofdefendant'scarsandherarmseveredt<ei-»I!IIness at the tlmomight csu^e deathtlie cereased was c&irled tiiere, slie gave symptotasson. A itQoii;:?i the Winter, aa yi:*.,a eo'.c and po»i tiul wtod stem, principally frotn th-i jj;;IIj•prisonerwr.o d:d and sfe said it was it,private T per!Iwith theCompanies outsideofBaiiks.1Crrr ov Mxzico, Wednesday, Nov. 28, 1>W. the State uri!er your viortoy cnarge, every crjii-n ii cmiiy very liitit ^.arm was done, but in toe country f he didn't do but toat abe had fallen arroiss toe coal- from her body Liesidcs this she sustained severalever may be his npm ioi.o, wlil enjo> la Uiese elections that perfect UoeriyiIt, to theiI:!i'ii.-.dta<ely iiG'tn coosldetabledamagescuttle ;said he had so moneytie wiki then taken to toe Sta- appears from the evidence produced on toe cfleaves. At Freedom threelish Cabhiet, and we be ''^- afterwajosshe liei^an to do well; subsu luently gan-sheeped, toe family only esrapiag./*r. Uu-i^aii BradleyItom itsThe Block Exchange openedof Jm STOsoAanover, some r,>ofs we aIhc Court erred inChUiXh,mam roomtoeie was conrlderable blood about tbeilutcAan ged;she would not sub-toat toe offal In Ihe district over which his contract extends hashouses,to toat operation;ances of aquietMoneyeipict to hefr of very prompt Consldcrlns that this deslrab'e end may ner^ li nudlng the Bishop's, were des;iollel of toeir set In, she began to stok and in. a few days died; uo vehicle is permitteii to turn a comer faster than a good request for the American staple?, iilt»"^niLMuresonthepartof Uiit Covernraeat witn refer-' talned tor the reason ma*, the termiiratiun of tne civil rtois. besides other dtstiuctjon. At Ogrten City a greneeiiuc to tills business. war is DOW near it hand, by liie of the hici- " toe deceased would not. probibiy, hiive died bail shethe soverelgD'y ol tne pei ujw Tal>tru»cle has receoUy been erer'.ei this not been woundedor even the orders reach CoDsIdertog„here, tbe GoTernmeni of Mi' aspires to lay bcfiie the Coi-.nrts- ii the Union tneconsiderablyat thi« rale can come uponpeiioitthcfhiid to croiss by Itself wttboutthelmmedlsteand the Eailway Share higheraaaoK wljl, doubUes.^, have ceased to oii.-tfc.fiy dwellingsa blow from an axe might have prod jced toe Dr. Gro. B. Bouton next toitlQed. toat he bad mvl? areclamation will fall•ties, who, although in no wayCity h-,f.protectionenable a party to recover to a case of this kind, wherecf the eorly lJo.ir<litherevolution.*i:.suna,rmu\»,C. C. Sand-The f:uidsIs>it-tlierc were oiber brai>e3,hc moiHctgave increased lu'.ois Centr,-.!, Erte,]^^^,X '^^^Tv _^^j _^^^^^^^money great,English been to we ikeaIs;believed none c»o the airas and beads of the dei;ea=9d.^'^^o^ firninc...undih' ConsUiwUonal a lai'iriiassistance to Miaaaoii of theconclnslonofIsJTdl-insoif laces tLe sicrm male havocwhichtbe lawwouldotoerwise to require^^ ^^^^, -;upontheand otoet tticks, bouses, bam',the adjournmentforhave thus to bear the load of ail the evds inai,;ted bd i.en lA'in-n i.l-j t n ul of I'lc-Mn:.'. 1havethoughtwe«lwlttiibcuiii-iiim-'us apo-o'jal!-ninjury7'omlinson and Bngham for platotiff ; ford for deiendants.„evv.was n.a^.e public,responsibleTftori£r- examinationthi- .,—. ''meut Uie Executive poi-er u- t:,e/x^r;.n-''^^:^J; ^^'y faculties lor wtlcl country; aj.d de.'lrto;^ tj :r.iii.s:i,it n; uic e.u"liesi r.-ii-;Tbe Mexican pef.pli' a e ro"vnlii ] '.,r an extr'iordinary election ot di n'ltiiis to me Con-'C-^s iisposltioB. •Immediately after the consiimmatloti of "I llie I'l I..n, and r( CouBlllitdri;!;,? '•eiJeli-. i.l ii-butthemoraleffecthasABTii-LX 1.on be- Th^ (irevuierce of frev-ueat high wtods, eomblned half of Ihe people.^anl Jurge Dcas, who had boonBenzole—Warranty-Parol Evidence. scramE cotjaT—cuiCdit.^rore Juiti^i J-imei.the apt, Gen. Roblxs resigned hiscused (iU further coimection with the Government. Wis Cismpie w as fcll^wc'- hy "V;-po ofhT Generalsfip"P"poixl mqmrypo^ltion aal re-Willi arlLiIei- .i* ii,n,,,„„the extiaorlini.the Constitution provliieK 111 gra e i tnerijet -ii'S of ihnstone efle.-l.honor with the -yf.. cflbe Oabincl. todecteeai fulnw santJ ihe sdvlces•..,nallnnmay•a con-ij,er4 d -Repnblii-. in eoiili.iT3.ityeiectiral l;,.w ct the littiof I'eb'Uirv, |i .'?, niar.i.er which tbe sviid law pjLb.-.u'iis.',,.. ^_ -TI,. ,..>, .- -•' 1^or^rtui!.; ',.-ie'i.^T I'-..vjti iJ.i^ ansub'ta.,ii;il nai-treof adobes, is probaoiy—nieIvU'i- ':~j\<-' UiC ..-lo i.i ': '.-o^,.•"•i" ;;-i:(,a g i;.^'".f.'I-y:.'.iit.;;:'.t, '.i.Mtltp.....Ui>;; --tHfci.-*Xv '.~{-»rc:i,'!i.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069'.ero:.ce,I: 'Jie SerKeiuit tl^en sent him fir a doctortion-house toe;injury.Mayorshould not becompelledBut tiie prevailing impresdon seeBS toUb awhioh pasay l|»more caudon to their seoood attempt.They are now making cfibrts to secure supplies offan.a son ofanddeceased, nextTbe report toat Gabolobbo, the revolutlOBary leader,rlortbe use of toe Supreme Court. Justice LsavASB re- fuses tu surrender, boldhtig that the Supervisors eaaonsigi ee tocisfatcli his iDerchaudlse, the Cus-ii> with toe provisions for sucn cases contained In the The government they propose to establish is a great Atthettineaf tbe alleged injury she was suffering give test title. Both Ckwrts adjourned poadtagwashow at Fort Buchanan, or to that vicinity.andate man, and toat his wife was a wretched dniakard.The Court then adjourned to this muralug at 10 brought in four children prisoners. They sell readily o'clock, a-hen the following cases will be taken up :at from $M to (100, and their condltlen ia at ooce bet- OALEIDAR.AiuUrntn vs. Andrrton.—Separation Cne- granted.—The witches are not all dead yetat least,judgmeat,MoMKiul vs. HrM^iaaa.-Motion denied.UcCqfty n. ii^.—Receiver appototed.MONETARY AFFAmS. Bales u iha Stack xchaace—Dae. 17.rttumof HersheDenniswas next put to toe bar for triaL The testlmauy was 4,0(0 do•m de Ii i* do ..-sJSSili ISO do ...sunk*1 and thus still further shorten the struggle. m) and witoout hope to the world. The precise na- lt9V, 1968, eOl, a270, 480, 1*91, 1234, 1012, lOUH, IbfS, possessed, of toe value of $100. The prisoner had «.e(«CbLhK.W.MM. ITIMl, 1004, 1873, 378, 1990, " 2«I2, 2UI8, 1967. IDSS, 1989, 1990, ISM, 331, 738. 830,0 daand crrritfreri.It was ordered toat toekabeatmanded witoout ball.JAHXS MASSST rOBfUTS HI8 BAIL.corputInto andMrs. Maria Clark, i^o. 44 Willet street, was next taed..Summer and toe present Pall. Though ciirreet fiijuresstead of. heretofore, forty eighty days aie hard to get at. It Is generally considered toat the James Msissey, Indicted for feloidous assault upon in toe act of taktog down a dress from a nail thereto. 10 Bank ofCoBi'oe.... 90 inSPanama R »]) IUdepaiitturus,number at the same or any otoer time o; year. Ex- lorieited.defend- aad bis bail wasS% 37S do62ein sM «.have beeneouslderablyabove theaverageant, betog on ball, failedtoappear,fiO <!o2;e Pacific M S Co.... lait 3-» d-ilog to^ail'ltae smaller holders by tlie coaiucta, and the ever, until the 1st of April next.tfcOO.OUO retained ty Gen. Diooixado for tne neces- Senot O. Campo has tal>ea charge of the portfiUo ofsities of the Guadalajara campaign belonged to two or liarkuda, left vacant by liie res guatiuo d Mr. Mita,tiuee heavy Iwuses In the Capital, who, at the very at the time of bis recent trip to New-Oriean^. airi.ce and kindred complaiuts. Pe< ha;,s toe dls^ir.)- ACQUITTAL ON INDICTHE.NT rOB MAN8LAU0BTIB. petty larceny, and the prisoner was sentenced to pay lliO da »6 72H aoecier. h Tul. R.. 21^time of the seizure. ^ ere negoiiatiag a loan to Miaa- Biuce bis last re.urn Mr. Mata has rcui-tioed na- i,fro.ii The DIstrict-Atloruey toen moved oa the trial of a fine of $5ii and be |confiued to the City prison fur aoO do S30 T3 »• do bloit'^so what the-y were aixiut voluntarily to give orGen. DiooixaDo's uiverted to the support of the Lib- ee-nton would aliord a perfect guarantee tbat i.i-;Jolin liugan, indicted for toe rauraer of bis wife in tt e rat tl at in*Dy of tbe peop'o are i*ile to obt-^ia October last. I'he Jury were impanneled with no dif-three montos.A DVBOLAR FOB SIXO 81X0.two and six mouths to State Pri'ion. >earsA IcOBB^i; SltATE.NCED TO PRISOX FOB FOCfB YEAB8 AND NINE MONTHS....sio -^ -IhHOBlend to Uie Church, and thus' aid it in sustaioing anillegal azid unrighteous war, was only by this aot of caiicii'ate lor ti.e Govtmoi*hip of ttils Stat-;. Li, b.fc in ol-.er counuuuKles, a rea iy ci culating meJl ;ia for the Air. Autoou merely stoldeliiltini tietncBfO^fir Oaaul Harringiut nextis not large;lie. husbandbim why be tooktor, when his wife's I, g was brokenjia-, rather the nui^i^t It gocidmanycftheprivatebuyers,whoopc.a'..^ before the crisis. The Bank return s^.o v»tut f«W,000 of this sum reached the Palace, and that consl(ier«tlja and esift^m. ii.UPAK.vN. lals, fences and Matki" sut-'creti grea'ly. On SaturJ.iy toe doctor ; '.be pritonsi- at trn- bouse seemed stUtiM, Canal street, near tiie comer of Elm, when it was that most of tbe regular daalers are well acconr-ao-jand did not ;gowssacoai-scuttleiii tli«i toeroom a tollor.were us fast goingaccoimnodatloD,amplenext tes'lfied to toe same con- dlUou of the deceased w hen brovtglit to the Hospital, .\t Centrerille Ihe barn as Dr. Johngon, the former wltnuss, h.'ul done ;stiedate or madequalc credit wouldwalk, noruiuaipb pi " — a calculation toenreceived by thoSecurities recovered part of the decliiean Lour, and if, upon proper made, Unfortunately bettre any demonstration can be m*le pleof t^a: tbe Cko,ii-tiiuii inal Cnvemmeut uiii^ damaged bv toe storm, aaJ some of age, and her bonts were, consequently,' fragile; toe the street can be cros td before any vehicle travelingmmPlied In a briet stau meiit to tbe of lite defence.---i^JBS*.*or liss afirealtooccurred,destrjylngsomeeightyboLts nih;hthuve been brokfji bv a faUlng U|iOUit,It Is notto negUgenoe day,wereinoro Thtiesrid at NortoofOf bay and griin destroyed by si.l-):iti-e e.i'tfii'n! Is repiirted in all-we'll mj.e or lee.- LjureJ, but It we-t HUii.* .';t c. i.^e ')' in lot of iln noiis-js of Utah being conv.-t.injired. At VVU-OgdeaL m by 'he Bokc.: Europe';^.theA fen personsUntitled Documentstep justim and part out of the deceased's door;;m tlian at the dose of that uay.toe customs of civilizedooinuel to have fee. *30her hand tohtrni wltoessBalcok gave a and ntoe montos.10* doMH 63 Ii* do UKtlie na-itlugSweeney,burglary,b iiid of Indiana, who roam most to th Salt Lake anWitcr Valleys. Tbe SJuertotenr^ent distrlbi'ed a axe," (eintiug at no one at the time ; no one else was I'he Court toen adjourned to this morning at 11 wrek, which show tlie inter-exchanges betweeaIply totoe question who did It,he did it with theyear to toe Peultendary.Mr. McLa»x, we referet to lean , has sent home his large qtianiity of piesents, informed tbe InilaOdof to the room tiesices pi isoner and iiis wife ; a wjman o'clock, wnen the foUowtog cases will be taken up tIn view of the probable speedy pacification of thecountry, artd the scarcity of goo ;s ttirougboat t'le In-terior, tbe merchants of tills place are io-jkiu^ ior a formed he will probably take bis departure by tne tie) (the Indians) stole or «:.ud DIooi, or commtited was a large axeveiy large trade the coming year, ani already orders next Ttnnesstf. It wUlbe dittcult (or tiio United S:ate.- any vio.ence, ii. saoald bavu lUem brotigtit before tae and did not know whether toere was anotoer axe and James Neticn.to a heavy amount have t^een sent bot."! to Europe to L-e re^rctented by so able a diplomat and so :ij- J uoges and puuisned. Amoi gtoe preseutsdis'.rijuted, lucre or not : wltoess had seen neitoer parties pre- Kor Grand Larceny—Mary Sullivan.vesi^nation, aiid that It has bt'Cn acc»p'eJ. 1am in-tl.e Cljtts ot the several i'e Icral odicers, anl to it Ifpicked cp me axe^ wbich stood against tbe bureau witness ex^mtoea It, but found no stains upon it ; ItCALENDAB.Por Felonious Assault—John Sauer, Fiancls DnffyP. f^'<l la paint, Leads, and ammuniinm. Tbe Indians of Ruby w itoess's chid was toree old toe oc- laan.bedoae, aimoi^t a mor-opjiy ui the supply of cottua friend— one who, whileduly regarding the interest.-, of perinttnt ent's liberal liaii 1, a goodly supply of t.le Dugsn had a son about fourteen years of age he Aa OITal Case —The Mayor and ZHaanre. Cross Depo.-iu. 9t>,M6.S<i» 100.!I3-J06« 10:i.07.'.l6Jgoods.Had the late McLane-O'Campo Treaty been rati-tlie country he has so ably represented, was sail reiJy to promote the success of the Constitutional cause be-ueiessailtsandcoKfuits af even cIviilzeiLlife.It issaid ne had t>een using toe axe that day, but witoeuBtntEMK COCBT CHAHBBItS. IK-rbrs Satherlaiid, 3.Wood, Mayor, ^r.—This motion came on to be heard on the return of an order to show cause why the17.717,073 M.il4,a94 2,303.03^toat toe red me.i will toeapprecUte p.-cs- ard;she vas drunk toe dav previ-justo the murder.Tht People tx rel. John Green vs. Fernanda;;vs hen was arre<ted pr"isonerstatemrnt ofSatunlay, with thetheis the exhibit, and also;viously oil toat daygo toto toe room, wiuesa was on Ute lauiliigFor Burglary—Mienaei Langan, James White,For Jforgery—Frank Bryant, Wm. Hurley, Charlescomparisonwith the mo\ement this time last season :had not seen him doing sodeceased was a drunk-witnessdid notnearly years;Dr. Jakn H. JCintlun next testiiied that he was from the affidavit of'the relator toatlyingon the bedroom floor, near toe door leadtog Into tne remove toe;offal of toeItalso that this bill for such work has lanb, and boto bones of toe left leg were broken half been prtaented to th* City Inspector, and hasaodcoiii.ection wito toe Lite Sergeant I'lCB, wno was tot n removed to her husband's tailors' t>ench In the rers who are required by law to sign such warraats. ceeds of which, in the present condition of the kx-luccessfulwoman she to up and walk'I;aticrrpiec getEnglish oftoouijb:deceasedabe was at tnat institution tbe re-him as well as all oS- the'otoer'City;on toe that dayC'ata;Mimprtttyaad aeeeaeedhad.aoBerY~ir-brother of the laat witness, faurta*«but she often abased blm and prisoner for tw elve years, durlag which time heto set itasMe. and have Courti»M*Athat tf theUafgarH Golvja testified that the deceased vra* habitually Inirmierate. .-r Jatefk UcNiM next testified to the prisoner's gboil character doMiig the last thirty yean. The priioaar was aneeled once, several years ago, for beiog drunk.defendanta,Traable mhmmt tk* Sapertor C«nt Aeeaanas.man oru an act of rlu- committingerel|in and todependent Stole. With sucb designs,toe revolutionary movement must be very pipolarwito our people, and toe leaders will have every as.si stance that cltlzeDS have it to toelr pjwerto be If they found toat toe wound of Ihie leg bad been pro- confirmed, and judgment of dleoroeday East Blver.K?:stairswhiletouxieatad; prbiooeralwaystreatedde- thattheassevameatIs IrreguUraadvpoltdS.^aSnadaiseM^Iff. Aaihon foltowed brtofiy.-only asking toe Jury,AmelMM /. Jenktnt vs. Edward Jen Vtiu.—Reporttered,itwouldbewellifalltoejuvenilesoftbewild ForHomicide—LorenzoStewart,MargaretLawler. niLToa,i.—UcKmUtvs.Melfialcy,—P.aatlf'Uwhere moucladptboered they taughtaxD, James Buckley pleaded guilty to forgery In the fourth degree, and was sent for sixty days to the CityAima Boyd pleaded guilty to an attempt at grandand drove her from tbe house larceny, proved previous good cluu-actar, and was $1,(100 t. & ia,sick, and did not recover, until one mumlag she ral-.lied all herwito a broomstick.er, she began to recover her healto, and has had no10 Erie Railroaddo.. .sto asenergies.Once rid of her obnozlaus hoard-sent six moaths to tlu PeniteaUary. FELOMODS AEBAULT—ACQUITTAL.3,oooTeiui.4,0U0 Vir. Sute**....- 7( S,0D(iK.C-8tauas.... T*.malady. Wltohcraft,alleges.IstheCunningham,Indicted for feloniousassault,2,0(0 Ho. atau *•Ooart Caleadmr—Fob TrasDiT.Tba witorss testified»diO* E, 4th M. Ass. Ba. TIk U*tore of toe Captato's mission, tos uninitiated willscarcely be expected to know, and perhaps but a verylew of the toltlated are much wiser. It may be that 143»t, M, 148,114,117, 14*, IM, ISl, IK, U, 4M, IM, cumstances, the jury deliberated but a short time, and 48 Metropolitan Bank no <MDLCen. R.S....b3ti1302, 2(13.SerBBBta Ceear—Sfboial Taaa.—Nee. 13t. lis, 143,^waedtcBdered a verdict of acquittal,IOAb Exchange BtaopaelficM.S.Ce.... WH 10 N. Y. Can. Bailread a0 doroBOEB DISOHABOES.James Plm, Indicted for forgery to the second de-gree, was discharged on motion of toe District-Attor- ney, who stated that he had not sufficient evidenceice do 336 dn 40O do eat do 0(0 do SM de U* do 100 doIt* do 8»Ji*;i eT»J{ 10* do sAMV.,Tbe first i ase called on yestorday, was that of broken open the uoor of toe hall t}ed-ruom.^aail was m> Ill.Ceu. K.Bs 87S( «0» do sSJSISiOfficer Patterson, some months since. TheThere was only twenty dollars worto of property Intbe room, and the prisoner's Counsel claimed toat asthe Urceny of this would not ainouui to felony, toe l(<0 N. If. Ceo. R s3 73$« 10* doanil diseases ol lou..' stanllng, thK Various otoer cases were cal'ed, b'lt, toe parties not breaking ol toe dour t» obtoin It wai not burglary as XO do T3% 100 do f3i HI cepllugaccWItnts were postponed to various limes. laid to the indictment. The jury after a sh >rt consi- 660 do (130 72)4 3i» d-^ sl6 ttl niott tO'i mou causes of death are cold, cauker, tU- being prepared, deration of toe ca.s«, rendered a verdict of attempt st ^0 do 830 n\ 110 Gal. k Chia R opr toitportu'i.iite lumber of deaths in child;it*od a-i,es2fO do 160 do49 Hnd. River R CiO do61 do73J4 aoo doT4 UO do3»)i Boru.. Bnr. feQ. B. £4indicted forby toe jury guilty of grand larceny, and was sentenceds30 39 40for four A N£W THAL—LESS OFFtKCE PLRADED.in thefrom the previous exhibit of Dec. 8 ; Increase In LoansDecrease to Stiecle; —lehaased :II,7l0,0tf4 Undrawn 77Ji^«.47S laSnb-l'reas'ry. e,U16,Miwheu toid l.> g-> for n d'jcior, l.'ie prisoner other tojunes which malm her for life. It restricted, owing absence from;toe deceased was firty-oee yearsolof wfior.dm'uhtpossibly,butveryImproba-ty,b> a fall, with great forceTheie were no futtoei wiussses la'r^ince I Bssigied bj t'e Court as counsel for fn prisoiiir,of the naturetes-i.turn ''< •fi[jury, £-'t '^.itr-i- r.ir :^eJr.tsc Carp^ri'c- iUbi'OUultliicat:Fi'.nns C*«.-i-r^.-ita-^^^,^^^,;^^diertl.c woundoccurred to a vehicles Istreet with man),«;"«'."'; trial, toat on toe 31st day of March, 1857,cross Ueelythewas tiei-cribed as bv toe preceting wi:r,ess; tbe moving u"on It at toe time.'' Decision reserved.tbe ceceasedthe street, having In charge a child of te;iu«r vears, has aright to take toto consideration toe tact toat iy toeClhr ordinancesther assumed toafto travel a street faster than six miles ur<inmails of the Europa. I"'"-plalattffoouldsoatain tbe nSt•-, . . .-Supreme Odurt v«. 7H« Sapcrior Court.~-nmody of children to Ihe platoUir.COHMOH PLEAS—flPSCIAIi TdtM.en out, without prejudice.'74, Cob 90 8.ea to.. ?i IMMK phoClli tsCbUAReekLE... ttsssi snwk £Cfollowing previousgeneralIU,8it7,9U («,l*l,l*7 3,\ii,3»li The Bank return thows a further liberal ad-nmain for tbe most in the City. partperbusiness for the Atui sailinjr Uirect tathe trade demand be- retail character. Th* easier on demantl loan, aom* 1« tidcrs accepting 6 per cent., ibough cent, is still the rule among th« Brokers anJTrust veptmci.t in |<av£7and BankeonUnuesleng•aHBr.nl. Thr-ot:.i -- 'I,p^,^„^j"TM_' "" ""•..,sh uDv.ird_ a fur».a''j'^^-. ^^^=^j,"'^^.Slit www.fultonhistory.comI 