 Jt^Sil^ms of wUch are given from the \^taltmMbeBereitobecorrect. Itback.buthasmadesomelittleprogress,becauseThecommunityis indebtedtoJudgeNelson for his prompt condemnation of this transac-^-wpopulation8,816, or a decreasehave declined from 10,682 in 1860, to 18,606 !and, the Turkish and Chrirtianslaves which Charleston possessed ten years singularly enough, when the sixty names in the European provinces of theago, have been sold or sent out of the city, and were drawn out there remained but one name pire is daily on the and the increase^their places supplied by white labor. The dis- in the box undrawn. Russian Government is loudly protesting eased body-politic has had a morbid enlarge- This proceeding coming to Judge Nelson's against the further toleration of a state sf ment, or excrescence reduced, by nearly one- ears, he summoned the Deputy-Clerk before things, hardly less scandalous and periloas%i|||Had the Ex-Navy Agent de-from further attendancetion. The result is a vast improvement. But Judge remarked that this ^/roceeding of Mr. place among the " impoesihHities'' of the pre-"talcen to open a road to the the Union is sothat in tbe bidsthe Court, The Government in"%^%TiB*^i«t»lyI'.the towns ol New-Jersey, Connecticut and bebyneed, a European protectorate under a most incon-'f~roother Courts in time ofNew-Hampshire, it were unreasonable to ex- and to which we call the attention of all who venient form.for the new $10,000,000 Federttl loan,guments used by Mr. Sanders in pressing theThere were about forty-six bidders, i none of whom are to be found below tbe latitudeservable from an inspection of the bids, that Yascky, the merely common mind will recog-sixty has been the accumulation of half her wealth drawn were persons who were on the panelsupplantitHere is the knot of the situation,as fiom Qte Fa-rthat the nomination of Hebschxl V. Johwson. the greater portion of the State, all, or nearly which occurred yesterday in the United States But to do all this is neither to make ^ni> a gentleman occupying precisely Mr. Yancxt's all of which radiated from Richmond. The Circuit Court in this City. Our readers may habitable for Christiaas, nor ^ofitaUe t»is to be','wealth andimportance, after the results of the affurs of the Ea^ we commend it to the attention of Gov. Mob-,which iirequent the dens and recesses of ourtheir politicalthe rumors, nor to the in 1860, would amount to at least 60,000 in Fraud and have infinite and and Damascus. With tbe ^f^A^j^t^ni^ "f.!l>« Bony Express att,w%ftt^ W&b ad^rtces from Ban Pnnr scrip, are invited to sell at sacrificial prices,positiondence that there was every wrilUngness on theezdtement amongpresentterest on the Ottoman debt remainslMiHlipp«ipi!PllillMmmm w^''mmgmf^m/^fmm^hi uLuf* adM of CottpD wan tStetod sta shade «nly by which the Stave-trade fiimer rates. Pioviiiaii<wei»^ilet. A moderate be arrested has been often pointed out. A iwiairTftevtHaiforOMMiUe;WUikt,^aUow, rigorousandfitithfUexecutionofthelawsto the Not a word ofviolated ofHay,BmhandW>ita' TnqpoitiBe. Hops MfSftaquest. neii^w«»brisker.(Hiatal aaA Dlaudoa.were indiscipline;intheIsland wouhlsoonrenderitsprosecutionimpossible;neverState*.Yanoey aad the Tioe-Presidencr- the Street is on the contrary the summation So far back as last June, and previous tofurnishingcheck the prosperityofherdependencyunlesscompelleid of fitble and the books is a stolid bmte of to do so by more powerfnl reasoning than the and of wit too clumsy to moral suasion of England or the Uni:edtiiring enterprisesand if the mostThe bears of Wdt-Stieet are drtdentlyacarryout measuresthat may;varietyUBdeacribedbynataialists. Tliebearortheleastintelligentvota^ofthe peculiar theirinclinationmaycoincidewiththatofthe mostprobablealso,%S^if$l trtn €-ftil$mf%hraestprocIlTities,bee:q)ert in contests with those Solomoos ofof all that is ingenious and acute in aiUaaallife. He not onfy reads the present with 'superiuuwn sagacity, but penetrating tbe future, lays before our amazed vision T&tas of events to come, which but for tlieir nnlibrm gioain and 'bad- ness, might well gnUify the attientive spectator,institution can cherish the hope of seeing General in command. This is a very Irish peace in Europe are tm» )!« Aplal^MK Southern cities rival those of the North in view of a thoroughly Irish subject, and as such by the near approadt-ef fcmwiadiigqiA Ipthe the fox and the wolf. The bear of forest,thisennmemtionaremadeknown,thefhct QAMasCommander-in-ChiefofonrSt«teforces. ThefntoreofSyriaonisteoen1^<UmThere is, indeed, much reason to identify theprophets who disgusted the idng, and the bearswliDavengedthe prophet of Israel,asmererepresentatives of tliis despondent type ofoppositionfurnishes the best test of the effiwts of Slavery stowed upon it in the coming election. But this not .andpreparefor long tissues of calamity.so,<3mnaaiki£,lisBUihhumanitys the most striking realizations of sied the speedy and unanimous nomination offhvorite. financialthoroughfare,andimpressuponthe ButtheresultatBaltimoredidnotconfirmunaccustomed visitors of that realm, horrors such as reigned in the Halls of Eblis.The song of these four-footed syrens, for the last two months, has l>een tlieruin of the coun- try. TheUnionispronouncedtobeinamor- ibund condition, irremediable by known ap- pliances ; and those of the ccnnmunify, who are supposed to roll in shares, and bonds, andrascality variety, cooperation of Osand ilivest in specie, prodactive of per cent,of the men to such a part Douglas acceptfusion as hod been suggested. If Yancet hadwished the place, he could douhUess have hadit but such was not his ambition. He still ;we know not how far tion heretofore. Jurors in this Court are ble to him withoutWest, and with these strong stimulants to drawn by lot from a list of citizens made up mortgage his whole Empire for the sakew commerce and manufacturing industry, the by the Commissioners of Jurors as other preserving this single Province from anardgr, ambitious hopes of its inhabitants seemed not Jurors are, but they are paid two dollars a day or to acquiesce in the virtual elevation of aKlMl^lMi, iudlrain Ongon to the 7th.in &B Oiegon Legtslatnre had per annum. Against this unhappy repre-the been decade,pushedcompellinghim eithertaithat «tikeid theelection sentation the holder raises his voice in itook place ia legal fom^ and vain. He points to the fact that never itta'dtbtea of J. W. NaniiTH, Doaglas have the producers and transporters of the ,.f». the long t^rm, and E. O. Bakxz, Northwest been so overiaden witlf products t:tba«tottenft of fire years. The and business ; crops are unezamirfed ; to for-adhered to his original programme, as laid to be unreasonable. But the census has been instead of a shilling a cause, as in the State Military Governor to an independent Ylee- down in the famous Slaughter letter, of court- taken, and their dreams of civic greatness Courts. Officials who had pensioners to keep, Royalty such as now reigw in Egypt Bow ing a direct sectional issue with the North by disappear. Instead of 50,000, Richmond has or friends whom they were willing to see fed this is to lie done, U is not easy to see. ^ At'eflecled by a fatiaa. ward them, the railways of the country, soand but souls of all colors and sexes. We the had observed this the 87,%8 by Federal Government,DO'mMBffsodespnr- totheextentofshocking the religious senti- dateasthe for" theCot- were to be made engine precipitatingflw Bute for ment of the nati<m, by refusing to pause upon ton States into a revolution."n* ftoderidt will' had at last been the Sabbath-day. The market for this cereal In the offer said^ to have been made to Mr.and free colored bear to the whites. peoplemeans the same were returned on the partiesonpeiii ; e^talwith thetttklOrtirJoii theMh of Sep- ishes, has suddenly so risen in de- discover any^ng incredible, or even improba-^aniatiiigsf upod ont of a party of mand- tiiat all onr energies in shipment ble. Abstract has since ceased MpM.OiSBiBSC. KneteeaQf principle longi^mttmti^ and tbe rest were ftS ta meet the requirements of Lancashire to bear sway in Democratic councils ; and as M^ "^aSle details or this horrible alone. But, alas, all these evidences of mate- a matter of expediency—as the only meansof ail means ofa positive loss in the number of its inhabitants. City of Churches, it was supposed, proba- myriads of officials in fimds. The proeeratknIn 1860 its population was 42,986, whereas the bly, that the difficulties which were met of hostilities in the sM'ieei^ Syria againstrecent census shows only 40,190, or a loss of witll in this corrupt City of New-York cifrant Druses depends npon the acQre' es- 2,796 inhabitants in ten years. It is to be re- would be entirely obviated by fetching the operation of the French anay of interveaMe^mnm 'tiie BieimlU andleftconcentratingjuries-.:'rialprosperityfailtoimpressthebear. Heisas an evidence of real com- that there has lieen an actualfrom across the East River.TheTo withdraw the FrenchwiU be to i»-Democratic Mr. Yan- ipOMSot famishes a efforts have succeeded in depressing the se- cxc's nomination by the Douglas men could—for1^ *°t<"ed at tliis eqnally insensible to the Act that wliile his vote nothing lw*Wthe entire more natural thanmarked,however,mercialplanforces afiresh toinionBation concem- curities of individual States Aad Western rail-vitality,gain of.white population, as well as a loss of marked what an improvement in the charac- and to render fruitless ail the despiifalpHI**"*ifetfeWBtWhireNflhiimnti^ilHa. Atpeil- Ob<eaeehaa proved ttat ^Umdwde &r Oa OmmR .ordiaanoe refemd to. Thb reaohdliit W** iCU^ 'Stt- b the ftet-flft i», _ |of ££riea is an ImpoariUlify; and aa Bng^iah or dooMIeaapaasad Sir pottMeal 0Aot: bnt we wmta6 was panned fc^ then, Br. .Tft-• txU4S"eiked. Tt» dtinabd w^actm aatri'9tWhemt. The meaaa can vetoed the asis iia anaiMigm iAiMTieaD cruisers eaimot fidk>w alavei* Into trust that, if the CowMOdmb are asreeklesa !>>% ^M)e argimnit wonU lead ns totqfer- FnM^lMato wffiirote libr Xa>oou a^^wniah waters, their pnaence in the victaiUr as their Aldennaoieof Cuba and: Porto Bico ia almost nseleas. ordinances, the nieaaiire win be peremptorily thMiks. It vras wonderfU iSHbiMraace on e«*orAer"^*—^''-^againstthe Slave-tradeof CubaThe census is lesson to the Southanotheron the ruinous efibcts ofAs (he diflci^ea lOMlupon diplomacy Europe inevitably Hat^«>fainilli~onoverthesumrequited,andthemostdirectthebidsweretheweakest.Asburlesque.Onthecontrary,theargumentsgetridofthisvastevil,thistumorwhichhashadlyiewnit,thatMr.Campbellisacandi-andinaveryshorttimebeforcedtoconcen-are somewhat smaller than here- we depart from that centre, and approach the appear earnest and the authorities quoted am- absorbed her vitality, before she can begin to date for the Assembly, and that about twenty- trate its attention. It has been proposed to I Mtama of the Pennsylvania election quarter firom which danger to the Union is ple. Mr. Yancey, as " chief of the minority," grow, or take the first step towards the fulfill- five of the sixty proved, on examination, to be elevate Syria into an independent monaiehy,I te.received as to render it certain that the said to be imminent, the bids increase, and was entitled to the second place on the ticket ment of the ;-Vbahlngtim. The aggregate bids were onlywhere the influence of Wall-street has been nize no familiar trait either of badinage orin the form of humanbeings!She must first of the last term. He might have added, if he which theof willla made a week ago as to the general result the largest premium is ofTered at Washington, and this fact. Mr. Sanders added, Mr. DonOLAS ^mf\ i«spect8,iCorrect. Tlie table which we where real apprehension may naturally be sup- himself " had, ijf his last speech, signallyKichmond has suffered less than Charleston which was not his exactly, but which he No worthier could he looked for in or princedve elsewhere was isade up from the official re- ~~ ~most actively. In fact, theout." Here is a new andknew meant him, because Mr. Campbell had than South Carolina. The first has not fallen told him he was going to be on that jury.>office aS the Secretary of State, with posedpointedgreatVirginiaSlaveryout of Islamism. Abd-xl-Kadeb, to all the qualities which impose . upon the awe of the servile East, unites many of thfse which command the admiration of the freeton of SlunSagdon, Somerset, and Wayne offers of Messrs. Riecs <t Co., of Washington, suddenly involved in this plot for the commin-becauseis less cursed withITerritoriesbyinflictingthecurseuponthem.GreatBritain,ifnot opposedby bj<^ CtTBTis, the Be- 'Bin.6ovemor,i8 32,092.I f» Hew-Oileans and As-only half the population of Eastern Virginiaare slaves. Two-thirds of the people of South tion. It will hare an effect for good, we doubt West. He would make a King of the old his-r tkamjoiityI -"evening, Broadway aith Belgian pave- at fnsi SiBvan-;ex-telegrapher to the ancient Public Functionary, " what considera-pectwas disposed at last in-— lGovernmentnothing h^veself our to say," saysgrow rapidly,Nor would it better the matter to uniteSyria with Egypt. Egypt is now alternately the tool of English and French p<rii<7, as tke influence of England or Franee ooines ^par-Inr Ih uailwiiy , .-Ath straeu. tmhedamesspreadtbft theoentnofthe aveaoe to Was Broadway,privateset by Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Indiana, in- duces the least sanguine to anticipate a major-„,_ y through, and sbout lulf of tlie .«er* destroyed before their progressagainik theAn Iririi Qnestioa Stated.Mr. Thomas D'Aboy McGib, one of the Irish patriots of 1848, has written a letter to0im Imjl) fswIUnn houseless, and many per-M,«0.lations.Though a large Amerieaa, SngUedi,was at one time believed to lie in the ascend-be at once pirebroughtviolentty.tetheg|waid';aAaMl^4-P'vM-t".*—Bthair property, having only time to "idrlfres. Theaggregatelossprob-watch twins ofWashington. At very worst, they amaythe French fix tbemsel^;^itreaties vtXtOk li iMftaatly put Inin some cases to the absence of 1 in others, of wimesses. ' Three caseshas now taken sides with Bbeckin-iiiMi'wttk bdia be-ex-Street than ever. It is Commissioaer, beingprevailwhich ran highest on the list, are known to represent Southern capital ; and, of course, to express the extent of Southern confidence in the actual order of things. No more decisiveactorof Secession andglement Squatter Sovereigntyin a single ticket. The Democratic gruel is to be made thick and slab by means of " a newwhich is to the oil of Carolinaareslaves,andbeholdtheeffect not,beyondthepresentinstance. Itissome- platform," solidify Doug- uponI .Wfatt to sea yesterday, on ac-_j«ied 'dnll, foggy weather, with judgment than this upon the futility of Wall-lasism with the perpetual hot water in whichthe fire-eating element delights to find itself !Whether these pleadings produced any mol-torical type, abundantiy able to deal with the commercial enterprise in the downhill career thing to see a Judge with nerve enough not most subtle, passionate, undisciplined andHieia are a laige number of ves. ipTtlw Ksrth Biver awaiti^ a proper op-street clamor could be desired.Hereafter, therefore, when we witness the subordination of politics to the uses of recklessof her principal city.If Virginia and South Carolina were denselyonly to condemn in words, but to follow it up with speedy action of redress. Whether lacktreacherousofraces. ButAbd-el-KadbbhasnonaturalholdonSyria andhemostbesup- ;over the bar. The steamship ~ Wttkinaton, from Liverpool on the 10th, '•town on tbe llth, and the lUinoit, from.fiirgeincor an effect ofification of Yancey'sSakdfbs does not explain.stated his speech, he drops a modest veil over the effect of its eloquence on the party ad- dressed. " It is for Mr. Yancey and not my-men vrho haver to Giand-a&set, and Kemote from the threatened seat of secession tion he gave it, and what effort he made, if growth cannot be explained on such grounds.he is to rule Syria,w^e shall be safe in appealing to _J'gontiuunptbi^ are now about due. The this judgment as the criterion of what capi-ported,subjects, by Europeanby Syrian allies. To crown *speculation,Havingfullybut hisYork, Philadelphia and Boston overshadow Judge Nelson has set an example "Worthy to him, therefore, would simply be to establishm Aspinwall, with the San Franciscotlatinst, may also be expected soon. talists tliink. Men who have money are willing of CkMmcilmen a large amount of to stake their fortunes on the stability of theno iWini tlie other Board mre- hesitation in staking that upoi) its downfall.them toBut their diminutive proportions and tardy our City.flie senseless clamor of alarmists obtains in- any, on the line of it—s stiggestions." Here is fluence ; as we approach the scene of pre- a hint unmistakable a clue which any child _jaiMl"*"tfcgUnitedStates, dictedrevolutionthesonndfadesaway,and canfollowupwhenitisknownthatimmedi- / Osd te te United Statoa Gonrt by, we find people willing to imperil aU upon the ately .after hearing the Speech Mr. YamoxyThey are the chief marts for large and fertile districts, or wa should more properly say, for immenseregions. TheyhavetheamplestProspects of Mr. Donglas.It is now quite clear to the intelligent obser- most in the versatile and seqsoal Ttecw^rt^~~teitlB*tSlB.373,'of'Freecould be solicited. The country is unpre- Dou/JLAS," accompanied by Mr) Sandixs, at culiar institutions," which are at war with the" ofcedentedly prosperous ; the Federal Govern- any time when Mr. Dougi.a8 would be most laws political economy.f .Vmntat,in tlie casever of events that Mr. Dooolas will not passingreceive an electoral vote. The lugubrious tone of his domestic organ, the Chicago Times, in its appeals for succor to the adherents of Bkeckinbidoe and Bell, would alone satisfy us that his hopes of carrying his own State are faint indeed. But we have positive as- surance firom intelligent sources that the Re-who wasapedailyeom- l to proceed to Cuba for. the purpose oft tbe Quaker City riiiiitllimaltbiatiflD of the eigfadi annivetiary of—and AcceptedJg"aaand order. No"and said he would^ DwioiR, Bsq.,ofaddressed Mr.root, and toandgrow flourish,the fact canPowers. So far as izedworidatlargeandofSyriaitselfarecon- cerned, it would seem that the best di^oaal which can be made of the coantry, irtg^be to turn it overFrance. This wouldSAaoiBS, ItfromthelatePostmaster,andwhocommentaryupontbewisdomofstock-jobbers liketomakeacomplimentaryvisittoMr.of gj Instituteformally guaranteeasembla^any other Government in the worldand if ference is obvious;Mr. Yancey'sorder and'K wonld-balaneecertaintyquietspondenttrwiamits information that proveshavecoalescedandstruckhandsancient and warm firiendship which for so many years held them together as the Siameseity of fifteen or twenty thousand, and much higher in their estimates.sojaegohow ntte^ fbtfle ara tlie attempts to extin-Stayed. The occurrence has rendered guish the Slave bade ander the present regu-tween seeing the Fiendi aalB*^ SBfts^r—othor^aw- ers. Englandknowsthatshehastodmoaebe-andupon the movements of the traders, and thegreatplace:punishSpanishauthorities in OidMtWales,SAaoEBS and Yakcey, on the occasion of this citizens of the that he has determined to turn his forces over bySpanishcouldnothavebeenseparatedbyanywiderBut, unluckily for the Democratic Party— "owing,and one of arson wen on the calendar. connive at the traffic, yet it flourishes more luckily,thewhoAt the same friend, ;estimated that, during d to the indictment cbuging nine months of the current" adopted Irish birth throughoutperiL This cheieeenetfsue forcing rabidlyupon henelf and open Snrope, and it canhe Uie of hardly made wUhoat exposing peaceJmoiFiTxranucK'snameasan year, 80,000 roundedbyfriends,"andso"spentaoo the Shoe and Leath- Africans have been landed on the Island pleasantBOtguUty. Hiacoansel, and even steamships are now engaged in hour, without a word on the Vice-Presidency."with commendable propriety—tion in the case notedthe excep- spairheblaststhemomentaryhopeswhichthesimply a friends of Bbickinkiooe indulged and;—Indefinitemore need beTo this nothing added. We re-postpone- B a comnis-hos- wingsoftheDemocracytile action towards our Royal visitor. Accord- abandon the State to the Constitutional Union pUcated and widely ramifying, perilsof the business.taka important testi- year more capital and more energy are em- fer to the letter itself as one of the most cu-the Court of Gen- ployed in theMaoxx, we should he gratefulTicket.But in other parts 'of the South BiMsn-•tan ad-theprosecutionEveryand the more ves- rious docnments thrown up to Il{^t in thepresent struggle.The Comoir CotJHOiL asd thx City Obdi-negative one,butwithnoaffirmativelyincontinentlySlave-trade,IntheCbeevar selsthatarerapturedthemorewouldseemingOBtU Friday.tafiill. to be started on this barbarons and inhnin^nafihirs in Italy.Sfam and Vinesubla.—We have already .Opw^ Boi- venture. Our—SomeMr. KwouAHD,rorrespondent aiBnu namesofhighly respectable menbuta,bothItawtato^'gronsda, readily paidiMtthe amountotherfor the prlvi- pleadspartSixty-ninth RegimentofNew- fromtheUniontidcet;aabe indcmn.bed for .Jl the c.vilotfever seeing it tihnnilnBfiif JawW-i^Wflt he abandoned WPanl's, or St. Joha's, asw^ as inInburial anotherthattheThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069of his letter Mr.takes prhicipallytat(hisdefectionfrom second,thattheyshould'^irn^^tttheSpan- lte».the Tork Aldermen passed aMilitia did nothing hut"resolveto stoyBell will be oOsetDemo- it is be-losses susUhied duringThe first demandhappiertliQ interestsofthechril-ment has a firmer hold upon public credit than at leisure." From this we take it that the in-The moral we draw from this lesson onofto the a(. aatimri^of ad- these cheerful evidences of commercial andto the wholein that State a handsome the position of the great European Powers invirtue, though finaUy triumphant, ^MiWi-WMam and financial confidence are not sufficient to coun- time wavering.country.SrtBHHM an4Itev.fruits Iqr the aid of the power and patronageperitythe East, and neutralize the existing naval preponderance of Enj^and in the Levant. Bb|teract the melancholy of the Bears, we have Whatof the Federal Government, and the palpablepublicansanticipated;politicalSlavery is,simply,impolicyextendinginlilinois will be overwhelm- ing. Prior to the October elections the Re-pros-fliat theHAHCX8.years ago, daring the Mayor-anin tlie United States and in Europe, are, misn- ed imposing a penalty of $260 on the inter- ttooed In connection with the Onbaa Shwre- ment of any party in any vault or cemeterythis and the " City,Squatter Sovereign 4{ the West in dubiousDemocraticspeculation. Theymightplacepreciselya,'seti|l^altyofordinance was pass-sixty-threetive Milesians of Boston did not all turn out nevertheless adhere to the lidief fltat Bxll niah, through our Havana correspondence,|nMB,MHl he presents such a pictuie ar-ltt t>elow Forty-second-atreet, and many respect-etetitien as to make the pUiUl- able families who own vaults in Trinity, St. his train.Bbeckinbidoe, in conse^aenee of a large Lin- sassins of Spanish subjects sh«uld be deliv- Maoex cota vote, which must be ered to the tribunals for trial, and in tbeas we takeforsillyproceeding."it,and soruined is his cause,ruggedif not hisor might not have been the re-mightroom to suspect their ^omn to be very much sult, had the Alabamian Seeeaslonist met the duty which is devolved upon the Americanless than reaLThi QiAVE TaiDX. Onr Havana corre-ainterview, must forever remain matter of whose chief end and aim is the ruin of thefor this reason wiU sndiment of the question be bitteriy sad wmkaUlfinRtehsMadudCharteatom.make doetheir part, vonderfti magnaaimitydefying Oi^ tbat liK shonld by Mayor cc^trary to law.the nominations of Douglas and Bbcoedi-BiDox at Baltimore by rival Democratic Con- attention has been drawn to this subject by of the importance ofeonfrireteis ofbut Spain' shirlcs this responsibility, and Will Slavery upon her commercial and maanfoc- Sixty-ninth Regiment we are to regard as a the mostnatonlaoMfq^ ti|»inil^^will prove that the Pro-Slavery mania is as bennmbing to the understanding as the mostmined npon by the Bnnneaa Poweii^i have assnmed the xMpbaribBity ifbyundoingtheworkoftwocenturies,which gularfact that twelve out ot the so what shall ?eratelyprejudiced chosenvauntinglytoiah(i>i|fii.a||lM|riliWt^form ofin preservingdegradingreligious superstition.OnrThere is aMostem fiiuitii^aia,there were rumors andconstant circulation to tbe effect Aat Mr. newsp^iers, of the ascertained population of honest andreportsYaacxt, of Alabama, liroald accent ibe Tice-statements which we meet with in Siouthem Richmond aiid Charleston, and more particu- muohventions,ef linw Irk KAaM^on the Presidency Douglasfor his withdrawingGiant's nomination.warded by telegraph, of a secret Intertiew and manufactnring cities, for the reason that should be successful, and none but honest and ceivable kinds, and tt' aBsaid to have taken place between the high contracting parties, and many were the winksare located in coifimunities which make Slavery the predominant interest.has en-e ~given byardentDouglasmen asofjoyed unusual prosperity during the last fi w is still an important element in them, and that would be required to keep np fte fwse years, and its newspapers had led the public too will need watching. We have not found now under the orders of Fo4n Paoul like toexpectthatitspopulation,whichwas27,57(f it entire^firee fromsuspicionheretofore. PortehaspunishedttiemurderersofZahMticket, as the pricelarlythelatter.The career of these placesto be be-tice and theto the Uttle Particulars were for-likelythey- prophe-Richmond, the capitalVirginia,theycapable judges chosen, the people must not quarters, from the liaiem of Ae ml- think that they thereby Insure honesty and tan to the remoint ^achaSk, is ^ut- justice in the business of the Courts. The jury terly unequal to the finaiwilra eArtswhMiflying give jnetificationknowing winks. Mr. Yakckt was again pres- 1860. A variety of favoring circumstances when driven from one place, are sure to ap- auxiliary French troops it may poisoeas at Charleston, the of se- seeilked to warrant these sanguine expecta- ent, leading spiritpearelsewhere. Eternalis thepricestill refractory Druses into flie ftstusses—cession the bitterest and most potent opposer tions. During the past ten years an extensivevigilance of honesty as -^ell as of liberty.'e(the Lebanon, ^d making a solitode oftheSquatterSovereignfromIllinois.Itistrue net-workofrailroadshasbeenlaiddownover Weareledtotheseremarksbyascene tbospcedar-crownedheightsprodain^it|on the Southern evi- question, gaveJames River and recollect Eaohawa Canal, starting manythat the matterofsecuring a properSyriagoveined iqr the S|i>acquaintedrapid 15,274juries privedguest of the American peopleI•nlirikMnmpid.Qwiaai;of tbeTheNor is too has snffced to a» iMir iFMr. Uaoxx saydoesimpressive comiMuidsissnedbytheproperofficerddib-andbody, owingItalybe|lnlem is more and ^ wim. fe%»no obedience save wliere umnwMi^ l|>Turks. Ifyears ago firom the same point, has, within jury for this Court has attracted some atten- tan Europe must make its Govepoaeat psi^moment the lyoffidunnthoq^longcomparativelyidle,areoveftasked,even thenusingthesuccessofaRepublicancandi- arenotinformedwhatproportiontheslaves difference,sothatitwasfoundthatbysome stantiaoplearepracticallybankrupt. Tlie&i-the nomination of a pnre Southern ticket,anttiorities at Coti-Of the 27,570 inhabitants in 1860, 9,927 wereslaves, and 2,869 were free colored, leaving came so notorious that, at last, the Clerk of swarm with starving wretchesde- soetenaace by ."liBa&filftjmBeawest of Salmon ton, without which British labor per- shiftings of political men and machinery, could Charleston, during the ten years, haasuffei:ed drawn in Kings County. Brookljm being the the failure of the Govemmsnt to ka^ Jto<beadfbl maaaacre of surplus abroad is exacting; and cot- no man' ,^-^-jjarain by the Soaka Yancey,whites. the Court was directed to have hisNevertheless, as the offer, sup- slave population. On both of these results ter and appearance of the jurymen had been sacrifices which tbe Porte has ilmtif a serious one to have been made, had Charleston is to be congratulated, on every secured by the change. But it appears that made to keep Fcas Pabba la Ac l"apd Tenexoda. The tetter State, stocks of the United States, wiiich are always been rejected, it became necessary for the account. Of the 42,986 inhabitants which the the change for the better could not last. A field, and to m^ntain at least a afca* of; wd gi*aa ^o-the partiea- rmfOm already reportedroads, which habitually rule below par, theb^^ll^agined. posing^niilfc hh -Artciate Jodae, Hknbikkk,"jag ate Conrta had price? Why do United. States Stocks rate tion.b»en,aarinns to adjust the qnar- alwve par, -have never been brought below of the " Little Giant" to IDnister, under pemaptory ia- " supportersdenythatcitycontained in 1860, there were hut 20,012 panel of sixty jurors was ordered to be drawndispositionand ofabilityto Its da- disehaige^dMnanded his passports, and that crucial line. His cry is, The Union is his friends had ever so tampered with the whites ; there are now 2S,827 whites, or a gain for the petit jury of the present term, andt the ties as a Government To accept the FrOH^kMtiBiiMia stave-yacht Wa»- in danger." But does the capitalist, whose enemy. Vehement denials of any such inten- of more than three thousand. The free colored Deputy-Clerk went over to Brooklyn to draw forces as a necessity, and makath^ tatancn-i^^aan: & was expected site Mfarflucoast«fAfiiea.judgment is infinitely more trustworthy than the stock-broker, bdieve the Union to be intion were madeallten was it is now them. He informed Mr. Campbell, the Com- tion perpetual, is simi^ to redaee Syria to dieto' -fha HA of September arehas been and atgoed toand thedbtfed Tedaral, Judge, danger ? If so, why is not the market flooded fro, ever since last June, with great iatensityand there-upon a parcel of ballots was produced and the way to indefinite French conquests in tlwI Territory, and, at an with Federal securities, to be sold at any of bitternessofItthusappearsthatthewholeClerk was directed to draw his names sixtyand last baad-cart biglier in every market of the world than Brit- But at last, in the shape of a letter from ihadaniredat Salt Lake City. ish Consols, althou^ a reviAution in England onr irrepressible, though beheaded, Ex-Navy''was very warm again, which was has never been the bears of >to the ripoung of the saear-cane and prophesied byAgent, published in another column, the whole ^qpar'late crops. A number of ute Mormon Capel-conrt and 'Change-alley? And, to bring facts of the case are submitted to public judg- Indea^had recently been on an excursion to the the question to an immediate and unmistaka- ment-^Ir. Sanders commencing by a confes-coti bAms of the Territory, an examloation of ble test, why is it that the confidence of sion that the offer was made to Mr. m^tll^^ffftB . to have satisfied them that they Yancey,iSSW^W worked with advantage, as measures the moneyed classes in the perpetuity o though only in a spirit of " good-humored .po-a considerable him, andT*greatijbe'IIanBMi newspapers the snbiect of yesterday for an additional loan of $10,000,000 sired to help his cause, the confession should~>jtfthe Mormon surveys in tbe various at Washington, premiums to the amount of have stopped at this point ; for certainly in 1 eetttaments. It was consideied a tick- $600,000 were offered. Nor is this the only the many grave, elaborate and diversified ar-made to the naturaland healthluluponSyriahasplainly taken ite; Shireyoi-General Flajo^coh wasagi-litical raillery."organiza-evidence that the vatidinations of Wall-streetopened by tbie Secretary of the have no relation to fact. It is plainly ob- acceptance of the Vice-Presidency on Mr.— the and he remarked also the sin- of the Churchrise to greatness except by retracing her steps Court, upon temporalities in Rome. Btttorgans,of 126;missioner of of his Jurors,desire,condition of a Fren<^ province, sad open tbe Levant. Meanwhile,themntnalaahnaaifyiby pointresponsible Douglasyearsago8,441;while the slavesand'vigorcontradictoryasser-naturaltogether with 6,926 of the present stock of firom that parcel when placed in the boxincrease,jury pannels term after term. The matter be-worked well for a and one re- while, everywholesign the provinceinaTfhl:Courtwhat an argument against Slavery is furnished Caxfbkll's, if passed over unnoticed, would sent age. It is just as evidently doomed as in tbe palpable fact, that Charleston can never practically allow him to pack the juries for the throne of the Bombas in Naples, or thewhile at the sameinaddition of strength and stamina has been the facts, he at once discharged all the jury the matter in a single phrase : the Toikiahthird,time,havingopeninquiredinto than theopenmassacresof Syria.putwhich the hand of residents of hisNature seems to have marked out for her. one gentleman came to answer to a name confer its crown upon the Emir Abd-kl-Kadxk.scope and verge;and if they fail to take deepCourtofCairo. EgyptcouldeantalSyite only by the help of one or the other ot thesehigh destinyAssemblypaying a nominal tribute to the Porte, and toof nerve is aprincipal cities were overshadowed, as New- system of an elective judiciary, in either caseresolve Mr. peopled, like parts of New-England, or if theirpersonal one,the" onlytieexplainedbyareferencetotheir pe-thewas at that and spreading institutions which bear such publican majorityaas athe country—Messrs. time he calls attention to the fact, that our BiDOXreaction has takenthe the refusal of the Sixty-ninth Regiment, N. Governor elect, who, while a candidate, play- triala took place in the Oyer and Terminer. Captain-General has undertaken in earnest to or deeper gulf than subsequent events created. Y. S. M., to parade in honor of the Prince of ed fast and loose, but was believed to be hisfleet is keeping constantpaper published in Montreal, condemning ant,memoraUe visit, found Mr. Doitolas sur- United States conducted themselves otherwise to Bell and Evkbett. But by this act of de-followedor to become have anything to do with providing juries in great.tothecausein people to turn out of an Administration all the free states, by the splendid examples; victory butthe impetus givenof- ^ expression Oettaii4r.aeM^M4L yttmrnt* to a» {setatdefiance. TheCast Iron Janes. gooddea^oftalkaboutthesedays pressingjudiciary by itominating«a(h(Wi^capablemen asjndgetf.importance likelyor too much care and labor     ti&SB(|iWailiAlti4f«l^^lastiiv swNS^.e|Mle<S^yK^the Turk£iltupon th^ population and wealth of commercial even if the exertions which are being made ed by misfortunes aad mlsosBdnet efthe andintegri^ electingorder, in thatnUitaryto be attached to this, be rdied upon forDistrict, and that;popIn Missouri, where the stsr of Mr. Dodolas in which case the whole ot tlte«eeeril'<'being nowbothtite more ooan- CiHitiitent to greater, becausecompletelytheflian which have been evoked by the situation ofto Mr. T, D.that the "one hnndred and fifty thousand"Irishmen of Philadelphia, and the " three hun- BiDOx has steadily gained on his opponents,dred thousand " of the same race inhabiting and his friends now, with some oonfidenoe, alluded to the diplomatic rupture betweenthousand " na- claim the whole South exeept MissoarL We and Venezuela, and this morning fnr- Spainen masse to avenge the wrongs of their coun- and EvEBETT wiU carry Teniwaaee, Kwitucky fiiU particulars of the dispute. The Spanish try on our late illustrious visitor and those in and Maryland. The latter may vote for demands were, In the first place, that the as-evei^'^fiiik ever 'h*A' any resolu^ antEtoflyng^e Pastor of the Cath- at home',"Vherea8, donbtiess they might have cratib TOte for DM^as. Delaware,.Untitled Documenthjrequally large^'««'°''°»«t;o was readdy granted, but.case her own ''"«""TMn**'i|{^R|i$ p«bvinoBiif!fie;4)ttoBaK|^vettiJBlnii4^>eaMiiithe streets of tbe Modemreeniusted,nnCfbeTuldgkSii-Wcome insecore, and the Attitade won for her.«npuj|,'Ule^<aeel4l||i%idb^.ijl wUbkany ^^£^www.fultonhistory.comsjatmj^aam-" -