 •JQTltt *unjun<Vi*rHf*i**I B PiUWAYTU1TY,»— n_portation aad exportation of the agricultural aad mann- factoring products of the two countries, free of either im- port or export duties, and the free passage of personsIron one country to the other.BAIK IfOTB CUCCT.AT10JI.perty; and tf toey refuse to yield It to us, under toe con- stitutional guarantees, can they, ought they, to expect us to remain In the Umon and tamely submit to spoliation? Would the people of the North. If situated as we are, and entertaining the s u a e views with reference toNorth. oldestandoneofthemostwealthycitizensofthiscity—North. Mr. Stephen Whitney. Be died at his residence, oppositeNorth. the Bowling Green, where he hat resided for the tostNorth.North. thirty or forty years. He had been in ill health for someU«i '•• "'THE NEW YOUK_i\_JLJif •""" •' ' 'rHOLB NO. 8664. iwtnamwunww*i '• •'• • «i— — — — — — — — — — — — _ — — — — _.I, 'fen'iii'11ii• mi""". Up=PRICE TWO CBNTS^enie Amount of Work CutOut for Congress.whose fathers are responsible tor the original introduc- tion of slavery Into the country, and who to perpetuate It carried on the African slave trade till the year 1808; and these are the men that expect and demand that we shall quietly submit aad silently surrender up our property to satisfy their false ideas of humanity. I say such a demand is preposterous, unreasonable, and an insult to our judg- ment and to our sense or right They declare, however, that it is not their purpose to interfere with the master aad slave—that they will not inter- fere with slavery where it extols. Now, I propose to tost the sincerity of their declarations by their acta. I aver that it totho duty of the Northern States, deriving their full share of the benefits of the general government, and participating In all the blessings it con- fers, to act up to the requirements of the constitution, and to yield a hearty assent to all its obligations. This posi- tion cannot be denied by any honest, patriotic, Union lov- ing citiien of a non slavebolding State; aad yet, strangeperity, in weal and in woe. la allthingsshe has linked her destiny with her Southern sisters, and when they faU she shall fall. When the Northern army, with which the gentleman from Pennsylvania threatened to subjugate the South, makes its inroad, they wffl find themselves con- fronted with an army they had not expected; aad toey willfind,too, that they will require more than one army even to affect a landing oa Southern borders. As to the corruptions complained of in this ad- ministration, I say that I admit them; hot with the black republican party, who diregard the constitution to its most sacred principles, will they he more pure In their administration ? No. B to folly to suppose so, under such a government at ours. Iat as resist the advances of that party. We are still a united people, hut we are at this moment standing upon a vol- cano which may at any moment hunt forth and over- whelm us in itsfury. My hope to that no such catas-l B -ehofMrma turn JCAS AT*AIM. LordLycatk«dak»*ts*erviewto^y witothe8<Ha^tnry of State In reference to the proposition of the Kng- hah government for the settlement of the San Joan affair. tttouaderstood he laid Ttf pmanaMtoi nf bto ginntsnail before the Secretary sf Stale to day.tan sate or HJ.UA.The National CtonsatJan of the Sons of Malta havebeen to salon hers to-day with dosed doorewn masnblff not nihgatst, and haveto revatog the rttaeL The aaantoty service, It to rsfartod, wffl bo ofeach a —tours that sntottbtossj of ma- ture ago can Join the Order without eiperiencing fatigue. Thedelegales will vtatt the President to-itoOar Wastoimsrtan Correspoaidea.ce. WiaHooios, Feb. 14, I860.tumtUkOmmm.\mintsfl case claimants to the Judida- e, with instructions to report on the propriety, MiB»S*ta«teWato^^» to***''t f f r W s r «C H * I s mmauMjnoji or nusrsB,The election of Printer was postponed till to morrow. •Qjuimati THBmuTu.Mr. Viixansoaaii, (dent.) of Ohio, introduced a bill, which was referred, sntnniisUiir or the act to arm and equip the waste bod y of fas militia, so as to increase the appropriation tor a n a from two hundred thousand to six hundred thousand dollars.Mr. BOWAED, (deta.) of Ohio, introduced a bill, which was referred to the Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union, granting pensions to soldiers of the war of 1813.wtnl of Mayer wood k m 1 • m y1 »The rvm»mUA^Msa aadttmBouaeadjourned. Political Intelligence.SBCTIORALSS* a CORGRBBS—The black republican papers are complaining bitterly over the manner to which the standing committees of the Senate have been formed, and allege that Senators from the South have beea placed at the head of all the principal committees to that body. Here is the list of the chairmen of the most important com mittees,whichtonowbeingpublished,toprovethatthe democratic party has been sectionallsed to the Senate:—South. South. South. South. South. South.South.oof enamels l» »taper * tondty, which!roe *ap» a - hy replytog wMktr mere ii « y tisefer the m i i m n l i taarato made?Very truly, FERNANDO WOOD. Isa. 8. A DOCBXAS.caaagsaa a u a nran ransuaurr an> • A W .SBCKETAJKTor THB" •^aTBB*enwTMWUSbSt *e,w*asThey are not intended tor speed, but rather .for safety and convenience. They are about three y e a n old, aad were formerly used as packets between England aad Aus tralla. to coming to this port theytouchat the following places:—Gibraltar, Genoa, Leghorn, Naples,Palermo and Malaga. In going from this part theyat all 8he above mentioned places, with ttw exception ofTheflrsttrip of the line was made by the Tynemouth, Captain Gillett, which toft Gibraltar on the 28th of No- vember, 186B, and reached this port on the 2d of Janu- ary, 1880. There to one great advantage ocaatctod waa these steamers which should not be overlooked. It is the accommodation they possess tor conveying passengers. Invalids going to those countries for the purpose of re- cruiting their health wffl be tared the nnninsttsjj trouble aad expense of taking such a circuitous route at by the other steamer lines. They oaa now go to six dif- ferentportsdirectinfinesteamers.There appears to be but one difficulty to the way, aad that is the uncertainty offixingupon any regular days of sailing. This is owing to the long voyage; but the agents here,Chamberlaia,Phelps&Co.,statethat they wJI he enabled to make monthly tripe,' and theyhopes of this line becoming ultimately a useful one,isftcopyofthetotterofBan.StephenA. dutiesofaastotontototheworkofenumeration. Inthepreparation of these insarucUons the returns of the seventhcensus were carefully examined, and the cause of every-• *— *#. aa-satr M i i nanaat f i ^ ^ i M M f amim taaaaatf ttadtod withaview to the removal of all ob-members. They are as follows:— Commerce—Waabburne, of ill PostOffice—Colfax,ofnndDistrict of Columbia—Carter, of N. Y Judiciary—Hickman, of PaNaval Affairs—Morse, of MeForeign Affairs—Cor win, of Ohio Territories—Grow, of Pa WaysandMeans—Sherman,ofOhio Claims—Tappan, of N. H. PublicLands—Thayer,ofMass Revolutionary Claims— Briggs, of N. PubbcExpenditures—Haektn,of N. Y Private Land Claims—Washburne, of Wis Manufactures Adams, of Mass. Agriculture—Butterfield, of N. YMilitary Aflairs—Stanton, of Ohio. Militia—Tompkins, or OhioRevolutionary Pensions—Potter, or Wis Invalid Pensions—Fenton, or N. Y Pateato—Mulward, of Pa.Public Buildings—Train, of Mass. Unfinished Business—Logan, of 111 Accounts—Spinner , o f N . Y Engraving—Adrain. of N. JNorth.scurity and the supply of every needed light to insure ftjV^fli ropiy «o TOOT mtMm, jus* rvmTKt. i w i tNorth. time, owing to bit years, aad yesterday he died at the North.tvanoedageofeighty-four. Heleavesfourchildren—perfect, uniform and early return of results; so ttok if rsnitn^toaiiharoaoota particleoftruthto anyfailureshouldattendtheprosecutionofanyportionof M « i i i k M i 4 It the PinsMfiiMiTii Mwrnoar of the work, It will ho ahargcahle to had appomUnenta by snag,thatyoabedpledgedtherapportotthe lasMarshals,whichtoateanticipated.orindifferenceoaMr. tenant*, (8.opp.)ofTenn.,Introducedabill, negro slavery that we do, would they submit(kjsctwasaetalteded to by either of us wbea I the part of the people, which their general intelligence • runmtiy fa New Yet*, Mr have you ewergiven wffl net justify any oaa to apprehendtag.endure it, aad that we oaa at the same time retain our own self respect? Is it not a dreadful humiliation to the South to be refused their full share of the righto guaran- teed to them by the oaastautiaa, aad to ho expected to submit under the Injustice inflicted upon them? Do too republican patty think that we, as American citizens, who have beea taught from our very infancy to know aad appreciate our political righto aad Uberttes, aad brought up to a determined opposition to the slightest vio- lation of them—do they really think that we wffl tamely submit to such a wrong, aad such a violation upon, our dearest aad meat sacred rights? IT they do, I ana onlythem ilArl.a MB, providing for a slaveWt t W a t t r * a a a a t a # dW ©This great nstlensl work to now being brought Into ope- the Post Office Department and foreign mail service toslave property, to demand a Fugitive Store tow. It was granted; but. what followed? In Mas than tea y e a n from that time one half of the free States, by legislative enactments, attempted to prevent the execution of that law, and denied to us the means pro- vided by the constitution for the recapture of our runa- way slaves—a positive aad palpable violation of good good faith on their part Have we not, therefore, tn the face of these facts, good reason to complain, and ait anv wonder that the bosoms of Southern people should be fill ed with indignation against the people of the North? Sup- posethehorsesorcattleofthepeopleotIllinoto,aState which adjoins my district, should escape from their own- ers,andmaketheirwayintoMissouri,andthatweshould refuse to surrender them, and absolu ely take means toprevent their recovery, would not the people of Illinotobe justified, in the estimation of all Christian people, in de- nouncingatasthievesandrobbers,condemningusasunfit Territories—Green,ofMo for the association of honorable men, and in withdrawingall intercourse from us, socially aad politically? Bow, then,wiU doubtless be accomplished with more sue. s pwtacudto* will ho attended wilt greater l rapidity, oa account of the better experienceit to 1M0 the plan was adopted, sad i experimeat, the conduct of t h e comparative socooas of inspiredadegreeofconfidencewhichwffl scntton of the Hgbth census, and the early embodiment of its results to a manner gratifyingto the cooDtry and oftoterastto the world at large.TheflrstcirculartotheMarshalshasalreadyemanated from tas Department, and directe those officers to qualify for the discharge of their respective duties by oath or af<i, sad tosti auto them how to subdivide their judicial districts, that this work amy oaanatato on the 1st day of Jane, and be completed tn every State sad Terrttoty wtthto the earliest practicable period. Inntewwessaasto<lsatiuutkna,drnwnnpwlthgrea<parttea- care, will bh forwarded to the Marshals, in- tborooghly of every detail of this service,% directions respecting all the minutiae of theconform to the foregoing propositions; fourth, the entire abolition of the franking privilege.throughout the United States.AJIMED roam m THE TERRITORIES.Mr. Perm, (rep.) of lad., offered a resolution instructingthe Committee on the Judiciary to inquire into and report a returns, will constat in making the Cotigresaional ap- as to the power of employing an armed force as a BOSKY.T.*re—tobeheveibexyourtotogatioawouldsop- ThefirstdutyoftheCensusOffice,afterthereceiptofatolheevent they were sitasatod tote the Con- a A. DOUGLAS.lasnea! of sasmbers of the Boons of ffsproawntalheo the several Slates, according to theirof this wan < salutary will be tocomUalm in the Territories. ABATCH0F BUSMr.MoERM, (A. L. dem.) of 111., introduced a bill to aasead the nstnrahsatVw tows.said to have beea obtained to thefallowingmanner .— During the war of 1812 he was largely engaged to trade, andhadtorgeamountaduehimfrompartiestotheSouth. These Southern merchants being unable to pay him, owing to the stoppage of all foreign business, as a tost resort offered to meet their liabilities by giving him se much cotton, which waa then—the quotation being merely nomi- nal—very low. This he accepted, aad stortog It away,work of enumeration are appointed by these officepeople of my district alone, lose every year Irom forty to fifty thousand dollars of slave property by ate inter- ference of the abolitionists and black republicans of Illi-Treasury Dep.—Loomis. of Conn,. .North.War Department Stewart, of Pa . North. waited till peace was proclaimed, aad pricesare hold responsible far their faithful performance of s the osetested election cat* of the Third Ccagrea- duty. The enhedptoe a n supplied by the OenPost Office Dep.—Palmer, of N Y . North. Be then told it, receiving to return targeMORNING BDITlON-FRlRlT, FBBRUART 17, 1860.tery sf the act regulating the compensation of members of Congress, aad repaaltoc it so far as it allows mileage. Re ferred to too Committee on Ways and "AtooabilldeclaringnullandvoidalltheTerritorialacts of the LsgabttureofNew Mexico establishing or protect tog involuntary slavery.Mr. IAAXB, (dem) of Vs., objected to the second read tog of the that this would bring up the ques-repHed that, under the special order, Mr. bad the right to introduce the bill.bUl was referred to the Judiciary " DBGBO CASS—SLAVERY III THEMr. atoaaan offered a resolution, which wan adopted,of the President's Message as related to referring eo much o, as it was at the first, m - the eawer, toshould he dissolvedbeads of the leaders of thedid S e w a r d - « - «b"v» *a»n '"'irropran*wflyrsat aiMatheparty. Whatry Committee, withof the President's reoommendations, and also as to the legality of slavery in the Territories., and tost fail put it c.,of the res2,000 teat .2,400 teat .1,880 teataaataaan*thinkand eadartof f r e t e r mtto»rthattherewby the people of the North against the South, herlBftitutioMjaadyetwearetold.by thisBeOa RobertLowe,Naptot,full cargo of dried aadThis makes thehat beeathe Mediterranean ports, freight aadon the 15th of January.As there hat beea no public line, a short description may prove A company of English capitalists, such a line, purchased three operation. The following are the sels owned by the company :— Tynemouth, Capt GiUettRobert lxiwe, Ckpt OcagattonMilo, Capt Robinson•iiiaafllslihi . , therefore, the instinctive principle oTgala, the Ipthilosophy of dollars aad cents, which prevailed with toe people of the North la abolishing slavery, and act thatprinciple of piety or philanthropy under the cloak of which they now denounce slavery as a sin aad the sum of all evil. The fanatics of the North, in their mad seal, say that slavery must be abolished—that it is an inhuman in- stitution, a relic of barbarism, aad oftenaive to Christi-of the Northbean party, that we are agitators when we call up our people to prepare tor the conflict with wtoehaa are openly threatened. The men or Missouri will, at all events, be found prepared, aad they will stand firm at all points. They are strongly attached to the people of the South aad theirinstitutions,and thsy stand by them, and share with themMr. Srauus offered a resolution, which was adopted, to say, those provisions of the constitution, so essentially trophe may happen. 1 hope that this great confedwaeyinstructing the Post Office Committee to inquire Into the expediency of reporting a bill for the division of the Tor- ritorialjurisdiction of the United States intopostal dto tricts of not less than one State each; secondly, the let^ ting of entire postal service, including the delivery of mail matter to such districts, to the lowest responsible bidder over present post routes; thirdly, the reorganisation ofmay march still onward, step by step, year by year, and century by century. to still greater power, and glory, aad In all that constitutes the happiness of a people aad theMr. an—A» offered the resolutions reported by the Se- lect Committee last year charging that the Secretary of the Navy, with the concurrence of the President, had abused hisdiscretionarypowertomakingcoalaadliveoakcon- tracts,andtnattheSecretaryandPresident, torbestow- ingpatronageforelectioneering purposes, deserved the condemnation of the Bouse.Referred to the Committee of the Whole on the Stoto of theCnion.THEaaato orSLAVES—ornaoocaaiwrracnu.Mr. MAYXAXD, (a. opp.) of Tenn., introduced a resolution,which was referred to the Judiciary Committee, with a view to thatnore effectual rendition of fugitives from jus- tice. "Foreign Affairs—Mason, of Vs. Commerce" Clay, of AlaPost Office—Yulee, of Fiarighto, to em proper. But we some,whilstbyothers a climate and produc-He conflictexisting aanpiyto all their trials aad difficulties. Missouri will he with anity aad to civilisation. And thaw are the wary men the South in sunshine and storm, in adversity and prosand indispensably necessary tor the protection of South-ern property, aad without which the constitution couldnot bo ratified, have been either p ubbcly violated or ut-terly disregarded by the Northern States. In 1860 wo glory of a great Batten were compelled, with a view to the protection ofoaa the people of toe North expect us to treat them dif-District or Columbia—Brown, of Missferently when they take away from us our slave pro- Now, let us look at the sectionalism of the republican perty by means of legislation and underground railroads?•'"•'"————— •iAtoo a resolution, which was adopted, setting forth thatthegosgrapalealpositionofCubatotheUnitedTherepublloanpartyundertakestojustifysuchconductpartytotheBouse.Therearethirty-sevenstandingcom- Obitnary.States renders it eminently desirable that there should bofree sad unrestrained personal and commercial inter-course between them, aad directing the Committee onForeign Affairs to inquire into the expediency and practi-cability of a convention between the United States aadSpain,soattofacilitatecommercebythereciprocalim tectionwehaveassuredtous,theprotectionofourpro-mittees to the Bouse of Representatives, thirty-one of which are headed aad under the control of Northernwhich was referred to the Judiciary Committee, to estab- to such treatment? I answer, no. Is it not, lishaadregulatepapercirculationofuniformvalue then,toogreatataxuponourpatriatismtoexpectustoNorth.NorthNorth. ber of other relatives. Be was for a long time eta......North. nected with the shipping interests of (hit city, tadNorth.North. acquired a portion of hit immense wealth la thatNorth business. The foundation of tt, however, wasNorth. North. North. North. North. North North. North. North,,toytan of to theprovided by the tow of May 38, I860, vis. 388: and, solong as this law stands unrepealed, to bring back the Also a bill providing for the election of deputy Post say that they are most egregiously deceived. The dis- numberofrepresentativeseverytenyearstothis ' mastersbythepeople. trict which I have the honor to represent to bound-Atoo a toll providing tor the people of the Territories electing all their officers.Also a resolution calling on the Secretary of the Interior ed North, Bast aad West by free States,The assatants to be employed by the Marshal in the to report all the facts relative to the accounts of Mr. Pine, aad it to a toot that my coaatitneats, the Expenditures in State Dtp—MeKeaa, or N. Y North,tote Marshal of the Northern district of Illinois; atoo as to toe moneys paid the District Attorney. Objection was made to its passage."""•• PubbcBuildings—Brayton,ofB,I.North.givinghimenormousprofits,whichatonceeatrtotefMewYork.Mr.WWtomaoa,theoon-anddistributed,throughtheMarshals,tothe- Mr.MOBJUBexpressedsurprisethatanyonewantedtonois.Ittovaryseldosa.indeed,thatweoaarecapturea to each of whom will be furnished a suitable and suppress information relative to a public defaulter. single slave after they once cross the Maatostopl river,by asserting that property in human beings to sinful and inhuman, aad consequently not entitled to favor. But they cannot sustain themselves, even under tha misera- ble plea, without deliberately, wilfully and knowingly trampling the constitution under foot. It to the only pro-Joint Committee on Library—Pettit, of Ind North.L, anasattttotasnt,to whtah Mr. Sfekiet replied, Ual portfolio for the protoettoa of the returns. Mr Horsrosr, (dem.) of Ala., said if a committee would the dividing line between Missouri aad Illinoto, and our Joint Committee on Printing—Uurley, of Ohio North. him a wealthy man. In the great panic of IStT,;tarfarthertoneto p»t in bnpoinu. Be takes the The Marshals are paid at the rate, of from $1 to $1 38 endorse aad dignify the object of the resolution, he would hope of regaining our property is when some honest, con-be disposed to oonsider the subject stitution loving democrat succeeds to arresting a runaway I that to MatiiMiaos of the tottnro of Mr. William tor each oas thousand persons returned by the aastotonto; Mr. Moxxa replied that he would prefer it to go to any and restoring him to bis master. But to nineteen out ofTHB FRANKIRG PRIVIXKGR—The Chicago Tribune leader having immense amounts of oath at his com- tof the black republican forces to Illinois, thus speaks of mand, he speculated to paper aad real estate downhim w*h a aotiee, the Boattttoat to on* aad thetotterare paid certain rates for each entry and for the copies made.irt, and cannot be heard on the moras of The asatotonto make return to their marshals, and the t» the thttnre of the latter to the CensuKOfflce. Such to the programmecommittee than that of the Judiciary, of which Mr. Hous- ton was a member.Mr. Hocsros—I don't want myfingersdirtied with it. Mr. MORRIS—I don't want you to have the resolution. Mr. Borsrojr—I would not soil my bands with itThe resolution was referred.THB lUDfoa roemAsrBRs.Mr. Moaaa introduced a samtottoa calling oa the PoaVevery twenty oases they are never recovered, aad when once they reach the abolition city of Chicago they are forever lost to their master, for it to more than a man's life would be worth to attempt to reclaim their property after getting into ttw bands of the ifrrlHIateJto aad thieves that infest that city. Now to ate toco of these faqts, we of the South think*that the time for argument has passed away, and we honestlythe Senate's amendment to the Post Office Appropriation bill, which abolishes the franking privilege:—There is hope that that intolerable nuisance, the frank- tog privilege, will be dug up by the roots and cast out of our postal system before the present session of Congress closes, Argunento for its perpetuation have so long been exploded that men of sense have become ashamed to nee them, and, like many other abuses, it is not reformed only because it has existed since the government was organ- ised,andtonow so venerable that legislatorsareawed when urged to touch it We need not point out to the re- publican Congressmen from Illinois that they may do good service to their constituents by working and voting for its abolition, because, if we understand their positisn, thsy are already in favor of the reform.THB BBRALD AND THB PRESIDRKCY.—The Nashville Patown. These, or course, he purchased at panic prices, aad whea things were restored to their original state round himself a millionaire. In 1857 he was taxed for a million and a hah*. According to the assessments on Mr. Aster, Commodore Vanderbilt, and other wealthy men, they are in proportion of one dollar taaaantat to ton dollars of actual property. Estimating Mr. Whitney's wealth oa this perfectly safe basis, he dial worth from 810,000,000 to 815,000,000. Thus he was a millionaire, one of the few real millionaires to the city. At the time that all the fashion and wealth of the metropolis were mov tog up town, and leaving all the lower portion of the city to be devoted to business purposes, he refused to leave hit !>•»• *iu1 th/mvh »li lfnnnil htm matr* starM mitA affWwato make setaof Philadelphia, will not coniesof this great operation, which to to include the personal of near thirty millions of people on the 1st day of ae resonrcss of sa infant butpublic approval andaachiaery whereof will be and to a manner toSeaate.WjJtHoraios, Feb. 16, I860.master General tor copies of totters, petitions, recommen- and conscientiously believe that thefittestcondition fordations, &-&, connected with removals and appointments the negro race to that or slavery. We believe that thein Illinois; atoo as to the accounts of Mr. Cook, Postmaster master is* necessary to the support, comfort and happinessof Chicago, and information as to removals of a number of the slave, and that the negro race is unfitted for theof Postmasters to Illinois. Be said he intended to press enjoyment of civil liberty. Sir, the people of the Southsuch toquiries. are arrayed for the impending crisis—they are prepared Mr. BwaroB said he wanted nothing to do with it. It Onr thai «nmiBff duurer. The invasion of Virginia, and thewas afilthybusiness.Mr. MORRIS—Then you are the appropriate man.Thomas M. Tryniski 3F0u9ltSonouNthew4tYhoSrtkreet13069www.fultonhistory.comUntitled DocumentNaval Affairs—Mallory, of Fia. Judiciary—Bayard, of Del— —MB. 8TIFHXN WHITNBT, THE OCTOOBHAUAN AND MILLIONAIRE.We have to record this morning the death of oas of theree daughters aad one son—together with atargenum-  