 »d©aX X« aa *e he dS».«••r. t~ C •; f-V6 ta€(1it, i .1r**or'wasadopted: 'Resolr«(. That tb* Street Commissioner be and Is .hereby directed to report to th« Board why. and by whose djw>cUona, the telegraph line* hare b*«n removed from the vaxioas Fire Compsar Hounen. .. ! >Mr. FAUUKY anbmiwed a resolution ordering the erection of 100 additionalfree drinking-hydrante m the public streets of tfcis citr, the work to bedone under the«are of the Croton Aqueduct Department, without con- tractir^.tberefor. laid over.A n enormoui* number of petty resolutions, allowing innumerable shopkeeper* to erect or retain awning' potta, signs, ana stalhv in front of their stores, were xead and invariably adopted without dissent. These all have received w»eir inception from the action of the police, who, forthe past fortnight, have been ordering the removal of impedimenta of the sort. In this mat- ter, the police ana the Common Council appear to beCattaraugus reservation, and, intrigued in every champion oarsman ofBoston. Thematch,will takeJ] - H+has nows:o£twork,.'and is respectedbyallthat know mentary testimonial to Mr. W . T. C. Grower, him. _ H* says.be has never tasted or handled a drop since.'.TTand four aged, unbelieving men yielded to the claims of The work on the new Island Hospital has receiv«d due atten- the Savior. ;ular meeting of the Committee.• .idenomination kown as Orthodox, is now going on in and invested -with! authoritv to act in its name, inMr. ST A.KK moved the previous question. Decided the Twentieth-street Meeting-House, newly erected, sudden emergencies. It nas also the general was strlngled. The family were in the adjacent fields training, he said that he never knew a truly careful8!music from Dodworth's.Band enlivened the perform- Rifles, First Brigade, under command of Major John ances. These commenced with exercises on the vault-pledge. • |'-j.-.v.--.. -:,'..- , - • • . . t .-;. • Such jmjJtances might he multiplied by the thousand*.•'' . .. .*.,'. .-'at varwuee. ,\Bellerue Hospital Lunatic Asylum. Alma-HonseiViLO.&O. f IJkCS -M-would most certainly have withdrawn, although he'Wpnid,haye'^ta<:^isiieA;:'ii deeply interesting expe-•#nITrie Board befcl a regular meeting yesterday after-^*w* & Jwestern tier of'counties in thisr State, who have -for many years been under the peculiar care of this Yearly Meeting, had been somewhat agitated of late, by,the intriguesofafactionamongthemwhohadsucceededin persnading a considerable number, of the more igno- rantportionofthetribethattheywereentitled,underanrTdSL** for the,enauing year, the first of June being the com- distance to Tisit the pUce that tared him from _mencement of this municipal year. The total amount a.ve. H« is dreased like * gentienam, and belongs w-fF* Social Union of Temperance.to BeHevu* Hospital without an order from the Superintendent JJBLIC MEETINGS. of Cmt-door Poor. Various ether matter* of minor importanceBOAXD OF ALDERMEN.Mr. S T A R RThe effect of the former was, that inasmuch as a doubtwith Indian clubs, and in the small and broadswordsubmitted aa iad been expressed of the legality of the confirmationof the Mayor's removal of Mr. Stout from, and nomi- jnatiqn of-Mr. Piatt to, the office of Chamberlain, therefore the following resolution was adopted.f Revolted, That, therefore, in, order to remove all doubt re- apeetittg the validity of Hid "removal and appointment, it b re- •olved that the Board do new ratify and renew it* advice and consent to the- removal of the amid Andrew V. Stoat from the office of Chamberlain, a*-r*commend*d by the Mayor, and to the appointment of Nathan C. Piatt to the said office.The Committee to audit the Treasurer's accounts re- ported the comfortable sum of $5,000 and upward in cash or securitieshn the treasury, and that no money would be required to be raised by assessment during thepresentyear.|[ ' * .'. *No. 410 Broadway. "V ., " ' — — • 'Dr. Windship was introduced to the audience andmade a few remarks. .Mr. OWEKS moved to lay the resolution on the table. Xoet by a vote of 5 to 11.the past year were then read. This body, we learn, is a "sort of Executive Committee, composed of a number of substantial Friends, appointed by the yearly meet- ing, to assemble from time to time during its recess,action from this tendency now setting in BO strongly afforded no cause for the fear that with more muscle the.people would have less brain.., Tbe example of the ancient Greeks was quoted to confirm this state- ment. Alluding to accidents occurring in muscularthat toithe $100 each bad put up, $900 be added, and that a gijand fight for the total should come off as soon as the ;lajrtieij could be got in condition,Mr. We^den, both former residents of that town, who, it is sustijcted, died in eonnequence of taking poison, which Had'been administered to them ihtentionalUr. Mrs. Afyih died some months ago, in Rutland, and the> scandal nongers of the town at once associated thd name o: her.husband—a physician—with that of Mrs- Wedee: ;; This goWip took no definite form until last week, hen Mr. Weeden, who bad been ill for some time, b ime suddenly woree, and died.) Hisremains were regularly. interred on Thursday, but the storiea3» thr affirmative by a vote of 10 to 5.Thja re-solution was then adopted, as follows;.YEAS—Mwix. Barry, Henry. Bagley, Tuomey, Starr. Rus- sell. Darraith. Corn.-!!. Seasrist, Farley, and Genet—11.NA^kS—Meean. Smith, Brady. Peck, Boole, and Ow«tu-5.So MT. Piatt is twice confirmed, and assurance is jnade " doubly sure."Here the Board adjourned till Monday next.POLICE COMMISSIONERS.This Board at its meeting yesterday reaffirmed the decision in the case of Michael Sullivan of the Fourth War4, wbom they dismissed from the Department two weehpago. Sullivan asked for a new trial, which ' was ffr&nted, and the Commissioners, on reconsidering the testimony, saw no reason for reversing the de-cision.Samuel McCracken of the Fourth Ward, was dis-missed from the force for intoxication.The Police Justices sent in a communication, settingforth that they had established the following rules:Fine: That no prisoner, when intoxicated, should be brotight to Conrt for trial.Second: That Conrt hoar* ahonld be between 8 o'clock a. m., and 3 o'clock p^ m.Third: That any officer brindnz a dronken prisoner to the ' Court, most immediately remove bam from the presence of theJustices-The Chief Clerk was directed to communicate with the Police Captains, and ascertain, how much extra "room they needed for the accommodation of drunken prisoners hereafter.• . .SOCIETY FOR THE RELIEF OF DESTITUTE CHILDREN OF SEAMEN.The fourteenth annual meeting of the Society for the Jtehef of Destitute Children of beamen 'was held at the Home, near the Sailors' Snug Harbor, on Staten Island, on yesterday, Capt. CHAS. H. MARSHALL in the chair.The Rev. Mr. EGGLKSTON {read the annual report, •which set forth that during the year 48 children had J>een admitted to the Home; 21 had been removed by their friends; and two girls had been sent to good situ- ations. There were in the Home 138 children, from 3 | to 12 years of age. No deaths had occurred during the year, "and there had been but little sickness. The in- come for the year amounted to some $2,900, while the, expenditures had reached about'$3,400. Owing to this state of tbe resources, the Board of Managers call upon the benevolent public to aid the institution. ,.Tbe following ladies wereduly elected officers of the Society forjt be "ensuing year.:near Third avenue. In the upper room of tnis cleanly •charge of publishing, religious works and memorials at the time, the mother being the first to return, and gymnast to meet with severe injury. He came to-and becoming edifice theElders and Ministersheld their of deceased members who have been distin- entering the woodhouse, she found her beloved child night rather as a spectator than an exhibitor, having <hi8city(for analysis, tbe stomachs of Mrs. Allen andtheir work be recognized and encouraged in some tan- debt.investigation. The Association would require as much time. Could it be granted ? Ten minutes would only, suffice to open the matter.The motion was lost, and the report of the Commit- tee was unanimously adopted; and the same Committee were reappointed to advise with the First Church andreport next year. of different monthly1 meetings, have generally fallenTwo Churches from .Newburgh claimed representa- into decay, through "the strong inducements held out byarrested Daniel Wilson and Michael Leonard, boat- men, whom they detected in the act of passing §2 counterfeit bills on the Central Bank of Cherry Valley, N. Y.,,at a saloon in Catharine street.; .3 gore 530gores!|oi|jIColes-st.."adjoining, each.'. 4101.725- 1 gore bbnnded by Columbia. Bowne, and Hamilton-av 600\gore K w. cor. Columbia and Bowne-sts 42S '•'gores pnjCoIumbia-st., adjoining, each.... 290 2 gores K. a. Bowne-st., adjoining, each;I "•-••'. ' -••FATiAti ACCTDENT.—A German .named Adam Bo#DEP ARTMENT•OF CHARITIES AND COR- RECTIONS. .preambleand resolution.1Sent to Penitentiary.. Sent to State Prison.;...No. remaining May 26, I860..... J-'f*CTv(s*»*i3*-.... • . . . . . . , « , . . . .118, 14— 1,7227,306 6*ANOTWp P R I Z E FroHT.—John Woods and George King arejto.fight, within three months, for $1,000 a: sium. Bells weighing 101 pounds were raised above side, royjmet up town the night.after their late fail-tvee* reported upon. NIn order to afford proper accommodations and facili- tie%forthe-transactionof the.duties devolving upon the Commiswonera^they.have leased the premises No. 1 Bond street,for thetermoffiveyearsnomto-day,atrience*;'vV,•-•,.;'••/••:: 1 '•'"••''-'''^'.,^'-v-;&§£;J.V&&v •ITEMS.received fcrlicenfles thus fhr,. is $3,899. During this month; and next, the proprietorsofomnibuses,and hack and cart-owners, take out their l i c e n s e ? . ^-• ;•' « 'i•»•• fe . '- "\..'J. C<.f tffrufcrif man that had been a very fcwd Mxfortoxjb* Iff*., flOosryeca—rt.•»•-•nd- *b*en enti-relygivenop> b•yhU ftUmS^aet*th* Fouifeh IWard Reading Room, and through Mr. Chra^erwj*'• s V - induced fo Wgn the plodge. He -ba» ainoe had steady e » P W 'ment. immediately eomroenced attending chorea, and naasince Ijcoxnrcrfed,andlastSabbathjoinedtheGreen«a*ree«won,tbePresident,inthechair.A coninmnication wag received frota the Mayor, a rent of $^250 per annum for three years and $2500 act of Congress, to valuable lands in Kansas, andthatGVMKASTIC EXHIBITION^-DK. GEO. B. WINDSHIF, Chnrch J probation. • ..• • "'. • ••. .,.,.•... T. T., •>n$ ot, the most reckless and desperate rowdiea of toe*transmitting a proposition of Messrs. Seaver & Stark- per annum for - two years. These premises will be it would be greatly to their interest to dispose of their -weatherto exhibit a balloon ascension in the presence .properly arranged for the use of the commission, and lands in this State, and emigrate thither. The Indians of the Japanese Embassadors daring their stay in this in the meantime, and until further orders, of which making these representations, were doubtless in the •city."'' due notice will be given,- applications for out-door employ of speculators^ who have for a long time' Jfr. ST ARR offered the follo-wiog resolution, which relief, admission to the Institutions, > and all business post coveted the very valuable lands of theROWING MATCH FOR $200.—A rowing match for THE STRONG MAN.—A large audience thronged Ottig- Fourth' /"atd,ba»,through the Instrumentality of Mr. Ohcrdner, $100 a side will come off some time this month be- signed tilie; {pledge, snd become a very sober, and qniet yotmg hon's Gymnasium, on Wednesday evening, to man. H »Vum* the room now and is very gentlemanly. Whenappertaining to the Department of Out-Door Poor,'will beconancted at the present location—the Rotunda, possible way to gain possesion. of them... These place in Newbui-gh Bay.Park.The report was adopted.plots coming to the knowledge of Friends, they madeprompt efforts te disabuse the minds of the Indians,an amateur teacher of the establishment, some- A v' 1i? $* aaaachtfe of Mr. Gardner's in his drinking career, and whojha* been • for the last fw« years entirely dven op to in-JbWSJ. . . . . . . . . . . »••••••••< ••*•••< x/ieu......................................9,028.received in Philadelphia by the First Battalion of34. IHschartted.............................. 1,561ing-horse, lifting the dumb-bells, and hanging on the rings, by the young gentlemen, pupils of the gymna-The Annual Communication of the M. W . Grand the head with, ease by the strongest. In exercising1,007 Fourth District Prison744 Island Hospital, f m Work- 1,408 £lOUH9. • * « • • • • • • • • • * • • • • • * 672 Island Hospital, from Alms-74615 Colored HomeThe Board then adjourned.THE ORTHODOX QUAKERS.The Yearly Meeting of that branch of the Friends'Lodge of Masons, of the'State of New-York, willcommence on Tuesday afternoon at the. Apollo Rooms, and cane practice, many happy " hits" were ma*?e.ure anq iad some bard wor,ds. The quarrel nearly re- sulted in. a rougb-and-tumble fight, on the spot, but this-was]Prevented by mutual friends. It was then proposed; that several carriages be hired, arid a small party .go! out to King's Bridge, where the two men821 Colored Orphan Asylum... Children at NurseCity Cenietery.........^..":-"tihat'she was swinging by the rope, which was in the woodhouse, when her head, by some means or anotherj got caught in the noose at the loose end, by which shetJntil recently, he said, there had been a tendency inthe American people to ignore the lact that the sound could fight out the matter, fearless of interference.just returned from a journey incapacitating him for " Select Meeting," yesterday morning, preparatory to guished for their exemplary life and conversation,, gasping in the last agonies of death. The "little un- very severe or protracted exercise.the business exercises of the* session. Manv of those occupying the high places, both male and female, felt moved to exhortation, and several fervent prayers aiid discourses were uttered. Tbe first speaker was Mrs. Gurney, widow of the well-known philanthropist, 5oseph John Gurney.and which are issued under "the stamp of the-Society. Its rather singular, title is due to the fact that it was originally institute d to have charge of the cases of Friends who were persecuted by reason of their faith- fulness to their test monies, but as the laws Which bore with peculiar hardship upon Friends, in this countiy atfortunate was a bright child of four summers. . .RELEASE OF THE IMPRISONED POLICEMAN.—Patrol- man Anderson, who was confined in Eldridge street Jail, on complaint of a liquor-dealer named Kerr, whoThe Doctor' nevertheless excited the applause of those present by raising himself with the little finger to a level with 1fce beam above his head, and by shouldering, unaided, a barrel of flour weighing 198kIn the afternoon, the yearly business was com- least, have.been ulmost entirely abrogated, andthe accused him of false imprisonment, was, yesterday, pounds. He has brought himself up to the possessionmenced, and all of the worm's people were rigorously" sufferings " of Friends are now matters of tradition,. dismissed by Sheriff JK'elly. The Counsel' of the Board of. his enormous strength from an almost invalid-condi-This Board met yesterday afternoon at the Rotunda.President D R A P E R in the chair, and all the members the litigants, and seek for the peace of the parties, and- ings that the select schools once maintained by FriendsD I E D OF HIS WOUNDS.—John Larkin, the man who waB almost instantly killed at Chatham square yesterday after- noon, bjy b<?iug run over by car No. 68 of the Third-avenue line. was stabbed on. Monday night, in Monroe street, by Tbe deceased was driving along in a wason, when he camo in Patrick Hogan, an emigrant runner living at No. 21 collision with the car and was thrown across the track. The wbeels|of the.car passed over his neck, injuring him to seriously-Morris street, died on Wednesday morning at the New- as to result in death in a short time. He was conveyed to the- York Hospital. Hogan was promptly arrested, and is New-Yprk Hospital, where the Coroner will hold an inquest thi* morning. [The deceased lived at No. 154 West Thirty-secondnow locked up to answer for hjs crime. Larkin, whose street. |j James Smith, the driver of the car, was arrested for name was previously given as Daniel Clark, leaves a rcjcklesa driving cud committed by Justice Connolly for examina-tion.wife and five children.DESTRUCTIVE F I R E IN ULSTER: COUNTY—A W O O L - ROBBING .A PAWNBROKER.—Severaldayssince, De- yH.aSFACTois.v BCKMED.—On Wednesday night, about 6 o'clock,t t e woolen; factory of'Mr. Joseph Greave«, a short distance from tectives Bennett and Macdougal arre'sted a young Marlborough, Ulster County, took fire and was entirely de- German by the nams of Fritz Stone, charged with stroyed, togother with tbe machinery and contents. The loss i» estimated at between #10,000 and $12,000; insured for $3,000.having robbed bis employer, Jacob Peeor, a pawn- The origin :pf pie fire is unknown. broker at No. 194 Grand street, of several hundredpresent.The minutes of the last meeting were read and ap-proved.tion in the name of the.Shiloh Church. The Committee fitch of the Work-House,, setting forth that he had could not decide upon the claim, and the question was four females in his^ Department very crazy, and at referred, to the Committee to examine and report at thefor the education of 'their children, and under the careA communication was received from Superintendentthe public schools, and a variety of other causes, andthat, in consequenceJ the children of Friends are grow- their time. In a few days more there will be the sametimes 'very, violent." They broke windows, and were liable at any time to do themselves injury. Mr. F . wanted to know what he should do with them.next anniversary. jThe Rev. J. W. S-ARZ.ES reported that three newchurches had applied for admission; the Bethel Churching up without thai;]peculiar religious training which from the days of (Jeorge Fox down has idways been deemed vitafto the welfare of the Society. The sub- ject at once took ho)d of the meeting, and a very gen- eral expression of interest followed. Many Friends spoke of the great trial which it had beeu .todeadlock in the business of all the other City Depart- ments. Already the police are grumbling for their dues; and the salaries of the teachers will be wanted on Saturday. There is no reason, however, why the decision should not now be speedily arrived at.•of Morrisania, South Church,; Staten Island, and the The matter was referred to Dr. Ranney, the Resi- Antioch Church, New-York. They, recommended thedent Physician, who replied that three of the persons sadmission of the first two, and that the application of them to be obligedj to send their children,to schoolsnamed are old. cases, of insanity, and are in many re- the third be laid over till next year, in consequence ofspects similar to some , 150 others now in the Alms-Mouse and Work-House. He savs that the class of certain views of doctrine relating to justification andwhere the principles of the Society were unknown,INSPECTORS OF UNSAFE.BUILDINGS.—The follow- ing gentleme'n have been appointed, and were yester- day sworn into office before the Mayor, as Inspectors of Unsafe Buildings, under the new Building law en- acted by the.last Legislature: Peter Fosteveri, Walter W. Adams,' Charles R. Hyde, George A. Harriot,. An- drew Owens, Robeit Taylor, j . Milton Smith, andand a feeling was elicited which reminded our reporter insane in these houses are mostfy demented, filthy in sanctificsition, which the Committee wished further somewhat of that displayed by the Roman Catholicstime to examine.The report was adopted. The delegates, from theupon the same qoestibn.their habitSj and require pretty constant care to keepthem xlean and comfortable. If they were collectedtogether in wards bv themselves, where proper ar-rangements for washing and bathing were supplied,their condition might be considerably improved. Fromthese fact*, the Doctor says, it will- be seen that theyconstitute no inconsiderable class; yet theymust. be doctrines and practices of the Gospel of our Lord and hour it reassembled!. Before the Clerk opened the John Ware. They act under the superintendency of shops. Since the arrest of Stone, the above officerstwo Churches admitted to membership were conducted to the pulpit, where they were welcomed by the Mod- erator. Dr. ARMITAGE said: The Association ex- tends to you and your Churches its fellowship in theIt was concluded-lio postpone the!further considera- tion of the subject until the afternoon sitting, and after reading and adopting, a draft of an Epistle to be sent to the various corresponding yearly meetings, the meet- ing adjourned to 5 o'clock in the. afternoon, at whichdollais worfh of goods. Stone has been in the. habit of carrying off valuable crape shawls, laces, jewelry,CARELESS BLASTING.—Y esterday morning thelaborers!engaged in excavating the lot on the corner of Broad-takencareofsomewhere,andhedoesnotthinkthey Savior,JesusChrist. Maythesedoctrinesbeaban- regularbusiness,ajfriendinthecenterofthehouse, xconld be deemed proper subjects for a well-regulated ner over yon to cheer you in your toils. May these whose name we weife unable to learn, rose, and in aJonas.N.Phillips,esq.- -» — -JAPANESE EMBASSY.Just received fi;om Washington, on exhibition at BKADY'S GALLEICY,!|' No.C43Broadway,•The only authentic PHOTOCKAPHSof them taken in thi* country..Lunatic Asylum.practices never be undervalue"d. Be ye faithful to manner marked by ; much. excitement and a strange.Himwhocallsyoutothisfellowshipandlabor"with cbantingtonewhichremindedusofthePuritanoftbe-DEPARTUREOFTHEREV.MR.CORBIT.—The Rev.The Doctor then proceeded to give his views as to Himself, and with us, His people. 'We say to you Seventeenth CenturyJpoured forth for nearly half an Win. P.-Corbit of the Greene-street Church, one of the woi;th of which have^ been identified. The prisoner who are proper subjects for a Lunatic Asylum, and this: Come in, ye blessed of the Lord. Let our Godsays that while-writing the communication, six patients be your God. W e hail you as true voke'fellows in hour what seemed to!our reporter a mystical and inco- most popular and eloquent divines connected with the was yesterday morning taken before Justice Connolly, ously at Ward's Istand. He asks the Board to take the Lord build you up, comfort and establish you in this ebulition and then proceedetTwith the business m Saturday next on a European tour. He will be absentAlso, tbe"different candidates for the Presidency and Vice*' were brought in, legally committed, who were previ- the kingdom and patience of our risen Redeemer. May herent rhapsody. The meeting sat quietly through Methodist persuasion, leaves in the steamer Adriatic on and held for examination. The prisoner admits his Preside\ni!y.]ii!' ';. ••'••;some action immediately in extending the accommoda- HiB church below, till you are admitted into the mem- tion for the inmates of the Lunatic Asylum. There is bership of the church triumphant.not a spare room in the whole building—single roomsorder, which was the report' of the Committee ap- guilt, and gave.such information as led to the recovery pointed at the morning session, on the subject of hav- full six months.. The steamboat Croton will accompany of the goods.ing better accommodations. the Adriatic as far aB the Narrows, having been char-[Advertisement.]Giil«]and "Women should understand PHRENOL-i being occupied by tyvo, and double rooms by 'four and ISAAC T. SMITH, esq., reported that the fund forjBve patients, while the passage-ways and corridors are widows and orphans had limited the Trustees to an_ the recess, reported that they had come to the conclu-OGY, to enable them to avoid selfish and immoral men, and also EXCISE COMMISSIONERS.—The fifteenth, session•'• of lo train and educate children properly. Examinations at FOWLMfilledatnight,morethanone-halfofthewholenumber expenditureofonly$50thepastyeartoeachwidow. siontorecommendtolthe'meetingtoraisebysubscrip- mirers. AddressesappropriatetotheoccasionwillbeThis Committee, which had been in session during tered for that purpose by a number of Mr. Corbit's ad-t WEULS?S, No. 303 Broadway. . | mf . ' •theBoardwasheldonThursdaymorningintheCom- of patients sleeping on the floor. From such an over- The Trustees recommended' an increase of the annual tion HO.OOOtoward a>fund of $100,000, whichitwas delivered by the Rev. Mr. Rogers of the Norfolk-street mon Pleas Court-room. Five innkeepers' and four;,i V [Advertisement.! . 'crowded state, he says, there is danger of an epidemic, appropriation to at least $100 to each.The 174th hymn was sung, after which the Rev.judged would be suffujient to provide all the necessary Church, Messrs. Doane and Cashore of Greene street, storekeepers' licenses were granted at $30 each; ItRQ T H E T R A V E L I N G C O M M U N I T Y . WOLKJB'JH celebrated SCHIJRDAX AKOXATIC ScnyAPPa shoaldaccommodations. The! balance, it was supposed, would bothjpatk-nt8 and officers- The above, with other com- sionary Convention, was introduced. He preached .the be supplied by the New-York Monthly Meeting, whichand should one occur, it would endanger the lives of JOHN SMITZKR of Oneida, Secretary of the State Mis-and three dibtinct choirs will accompany the excursion. was stated by the Commissioners that all licenses bear- be in the hands of every traveler. No family should leave U*» city or be|without a supply during the warm weather. It inva- CLEANSING TENEMENT HOUSES.—The Board of ing date in 1859, no matter when obtained, would ex- riably corrects tbe ill effects of chaug* of weather, and as a bev-unnn-cations. wss referred to the Committee of the Whole. ->A lengthy report was made by tbe Committee of the Whole, from which we make the following extracts:would hold the title aiid have the ordinary occupany ofmissionary sermon from the text in Philippians, 2, xvi: the house, Forty thousand dollars of this balance, it Police have awarded the contract for cleaning tenement pire on the cessation of the meetings of the Board of ersgeitis the purest liquor made in the world. •tween Mr..Hancon of Newburgh, and Mr. Doyle, the witness the entertainment • given as a compli- drunk h ijwasveTy desperate; even the policemen were afraid of 1 130'EXCURSION.—On Monday morning Company A, what renowned for his great strength dnd mus- temperarice.'met Mr. Gardner in tfje street on the 28th day ofcular proficiency." Much of the interest mani- August htet,jond after a long talk on the corse of drinking, signed, of Copt. Ernet Simon, will leave for Philadelphia, in fested on the occasion arose from the expected presence handled the accorsed stuff. He baa had st*ady employment erertbo tribe were entitled to no lands whatever at the since; an(l lis now^a member of the Green-wtreetM.% Chorda. .West. Someofthe correspondence ofthe educated the9o'clocktrain, accompanied byRubel's.fullband ofDr.Geo.B.Windsliipof Rpxbury, Mass., reputed andhasAiajeanoldmother,80yearsofage,happy,whohathad!and were not "wholly successful until they procuredA Chinaman, afflicted with leprosy, was ordered by' tbe certificate of the Indian agent at Washington that 13th Regiment, numbering sixty men, under command the pledto^and since that time has *«vcr touched, tasted orMr. Draper to be sent to the Island, and a place con- structedforhiscaseremotefromevery,oneelse. .The weekly statement is as follows:Number remaining May 19,1860..... ...7,869 Admitted from 20th to26th, incisive........... 1,659to be the strongest living man, who would deliver an- nothing Birftrooble forthe laat ten years, on occount of bis dissi-pated habit|!. Ho has since got some of bis old associates to sign,Indians with the; Committee, in which they testify in touching language the deep sense of the indebtedness of their .race to^Friends from the time of William Penn down to the present day, was embraced in the report, the reading of which gave rise to a general expression of feeling in the meeting. Satisfaction was expressed with tjhe doings o'f the Committee, and a general disposition was manifested to continue to ex- tend a watchful (oversight over this interesting rem- nant of a perishing race. The Committee was in- structed to inquire into the expediency of giving aid to the triheB west oil the Missisiiippi also. -.-Penitentiary"Work-HouseSmall-Pox Hospital.Randall's IslandRandall's Island Hospital.. 283City Prison................ 475Second District Prison.... 10Third District Prison 24 Tot*! •••••*•• ••»,«•«,•••• "tjoOG The.minuteB of the "Meeting for Sufferings " for Sing Sing hung herself on Monday. It is supposed mind was only contained in the. sound "body. The re- Neither $ould agree to this, and finally it was decidedof twenty pieces, beside Drum-Major C. Berchetandtbe drum corps of the 5thRcgiment. They will be address, with muscular accompaniments. Excellent all of whom are now in good situations, and faithful to theirF. Ballier, who will take charge of the New-Yorkers as their particular guests during their stay in that jcity.•A CHILD FOUR-YEARS OLD HANGS ITSELF.--A little daughter of Mr. Wmi Baird, a farmer residing near.excluded from the meeting. The Elder, who per- the office of tnis body would seem to have become for of Police—Brown, Hale, and Vandeipoel—served a tion solely by regular, scientific gymnastic practice, which raw been in circulation took such a shape that formed this duty, tempered its seeming harehnesswith tbe most part a sine ^ure. A proposition for an enumera- the authorities deemed it befst,to exhume them on the.>acordial invitation to the excluded to attend the public tion of the memb<irs of the Yearly Meeting, was notice on the Sheriff, recapitulating the facts of the and say's that any other man can do the same. Fabu-.-meetings held on the "First Day of the Week."• . /THE NEW-YORK BAPTIST ASSOCIATION.SECOND DAY.brought forward b; •the Meeting.for Sufferings, and oc- case, and Sheriff Kelly, finding that he was detaining lous stories are told by the Massachusetts journals of next Sararday.'This they did, and found sufficient evi- casioned much the"most animated debate that we have dence ayjainst Dr. Allen and Mrs. Weeden,to justifyhours were occupied with the reception of reports and statistics from the churches. From these the officers of the Association will make up their general report in the course of the ensuing month.ment, to be sure, but not excessive, when comparedweekly Polytechnic Jovtnal, for the diffusion of use- with that of some of the young men who performed, To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.' •x/'"resolutions were unanimously'adopted:Wright, Gideon Frost, and others, the proposition a handsome sheet of four quarto pages, half in German was concurred in by the meeting.Rrsolced, That the officer* of this Association, elected and ap- Sointed annually, shall be considered its Trustees, Directors, or•which it is incorporated. the hour was latej was laid over to Thursday morn- XXXV.—The Clerk called attention to the following ing. It was expected that the meeting would closeresolutions on the minutes of the last Association, ana, on motion, they were severally adopted:Retoivcd, That "the Moderator and Clerks be instructed to print only so many copies of the Minutes as the money sent froaa the Chinches for this purpose-will*pay for; that the*Corresponding Secretary be instructed-to take out one hundred copies for the use of the Asso«iation and correspondence; and that the balance ' be distributed among the Churches in proportion to the several sums they have contributed.Rewired, That tt'resolution authorizing any member of the As- •»oci\tion, as a delegate to other Associations, be printed in aconspicuous place on the title-page of the Minutes.Received, That the Sundav-School Convention be allowed tooccupy the first evening of the next Anniversary..Revivetl, That .the important work performed "by the American Baptist Publication Society, commends it most warmly to the confidence, prayers, and hearty cofiperation of all the Churches connected with this Association; and that they be recommended to make liberal contributions to Its Treasury: that we recom- mend to all the Sabbath-Schools belonging to w i s Association, to purchase for their use, as far as practicable, the publications of this Society; that we earnestly recommend the ,lree circulationof The young Reaper in all Our Sabbath-Schools.The Committee in the case of the Staten Island Con-,and half in English,jthe pleasure afforded by the spectacle of their hand- some ' figures and supple feats, it was entertaining to reflect that they had'thus secured the knowledge .of an art which may serve as a back-log in lease ef pe-The subject of providing the yearly meeting with Itfnagers. in accordance -with the provisions of the act under better accommodations, was then introduced, out as• ——Mra. "W. A. Tomlinaon. Pint Directress; Mr*. J. Le Roy,Second Directre**; Mra. G. C. Goddard, Third Directress; Mm. testing Churches reported, through Dr. WYCXOFF, property, the Hester-street. house is the only one re-» • •.BleeckerjSon & Co., .and brought the following prices:1 lot onitlie n. e. cor. Columbia"and Coles-sts., 25x92.11 $480 3 lots adjoining, .each 225"W. D. Cnthbertiion, Treasurer; M a E. Bennet, Recording Sec- letary: K i n A. M. Griawold. Corresponding Secretary. .'unanimously, that the letter signed D. D. Decker, ac- knowledging the Rev. S. White as pastor, is from the First Baptist Church, Staten Island, and that the body The children were* exercised and examined in the presenting a letter signed W. J. Hillam, is not known various departments in which they usually receive in- to ua ae a regularly constituted Baptist Church, eccle-struction.. They gave general satisfaction in their siastically connected with the AeuociatiOn.mittee. >..,•;:•: The Hon. C. C. PINCKNEV moved to allow ten min- utes to each of the contestants to state their respectivemaining in this vicinity at all large enough .to contain the Yearly Meeting!jajnd, as we said in the opening of these reports, this, house, or rather the subterranean apartment, in which1) the Yearly Meeting is held,jis noisy, badly lightedland ventilated, unwholesome, and generally unsuitable {for the purpose. The result of the discussion yesterday was the appointment of a large Committee, embracing many of the wealthiest and most energetic naembers, to consider and report.at a future sitting whatjl steps should be taken^n the mat- ter; and from the [strong interest and united feeling displayed by the n)|eetiug, there is little doubt that prompt measures v^ill be taken to supply the defi-ciency. IThis matter being thus disposed of, SAMUEL M. JANNET rose, and, in a most feeling and impressive dis- course, called the attention oi the yearly meeting to tbe subject of the education of the youth. It appears from the reports presented from the subordinate meet-the meeting adjourned subject to the call of the chair.Addresses were delivered by the Rev. Mr. EGGLES- TON, the Rev. Dr. HOGE, ana WM. E. DODOE, esq.recitations, and particularly in their singing. Theyall looked bright and happy, and appeared exceedingly Association in opposition to the conclusion of the Com-anxious to make themselves worthy the attention of their visitors. * There was a very good attendance of friends.The ladies engaged in this enterprise desire that claims.The motion was opposed by ISAAC T. SMITH and gible shape, so, that the Home may not suffer from others. The Committee had spent three hours in theCOUNTERFEIT.—The ponce on Wednesday night, 1 gore-i CeJ/fs-st.. adjoining. 390The Rev. W . A. BARNES desired, to appeal to theCLUB.—On Wednesday evening the lid Assembly Dis- trict Republican Club met in the Warren House, cor- ner of Henry and Oliver sts., Mr. DemiisMcLaughlin,' the President, in tbe chair. Twenty-seven new mem- bers were proposed, and the meeting adjourned.• • ' " ' —6lots adjoining, each 200 1 lot junction of Hamiltou-av. and Columbia-st, 66.6x55.... 860 3 lots running through Hamilton-av. and Columbia-st., each. 550 Slots opHainilton-av., adjoining, each.;..: 470 5 lots ojuJBaniilton-av., adjoining, each 710 1 let on Himilt.on-av , adjoining. 70O 2 lots oh Hamilton-av., adjoining, each. 660 1 large tore rjinning Jhrough Hamilton-av. to Coles-st 1,120 5 lots op. Cjole*\st.| adjoining, each... 440 '1 gore,- Coles-el., oppo)«site'... 400ness in order was the subject of providing proper ac-commodations for the Yearly Meeting. A very livelydiecussion immediately took place. The feeling of dis- avenue stage, when he attempted to take improper satisfaction with the present quarters seemed, as wasvery* natural, -to be universal. It appears that the title liberties with a little girl named Jane Hill, residing at to the meeting-houses in this city is m the local Month- No. 232 Tenth avenue. So obnoxious and indecent ly Meeting of New-York, but that the Yearly Meeting did he become, that the child 'became exceedinglyenjoys the use of them | not .only by courtesy and usage, frightened, and her distress was'noticed, by tbe other but by virtue of a contribution "of five thousand dollars,which the Yearly Meeting made many years ago! to- passengers. Lambeit S. Peck, jr.', of No. 156 Eastafter m'HSjmothe.r's death—by his father, who went South, and joining'a regular circus corps. It was Dr. Franklin died thfjiftj causes apprehension for bis fate. The boy has lived who advised every man to have two ways of earning with mi | since and I treated him as 1did my own child. Yester- day be «•»*sent out on an errand, and has not since returned. It in supp<» tjdhe was kidnapped,and i» now on his way to the South.ward building the meeting-house in Rose" street, whichBroadway, offered her his protection, when the gal-for the purpose of taking preliminary steps forthe forming of an association to be called The JunkDealers Association. The meeting was organized byelecting Wilb'am B.. Everet President pro. tern. Mr.Everet • stated that the object of the'present meeting The building ^ras partly insured in the Bowery Insur- was merely to have exchange of views in relation tohas since been sold, and the proceeds retained by the lant Perkins drew from his cane a lengthy sword, with New-Y ork Monthly (Meeting.:The Rose-fctreef (meeting-house was a large andhandsome buildings land furnished the Y early Meetingwhich he attempted to punish the impertinence of the gentleman who had dared to rescue the little girl from his indecent grasp, as well as the unoffending child herself. He was quickly overpowered, and relieved of his weapon, after which he was handed over to Officer Clayton of the Broadway squad, who con- veyed him to Jefferson Market, whither he was fol- lowed by an indignant crowd. Two complaints for felonious assault were made against bim, and Justice Kelly committed him for examination.•THE CHAMBERLAINCY—THE FINANCE DEPARTMENT AT A STAND-STILL.—In accordance with the decision of the Courts, Mr. Haws yesterday approved of the bonds of Mr. Nathan C. Piatt, as claimant to the office of City Chamberlain. •Mr. Stout still refuses to give up the city finances, and the matter must probably be decided by a writ of quo warranto. Meanwhile the bureaus of the Controller's Office are at a stand-still. As they can receive no money, of course they can do no business. Wherever it is possible, the clerks and chiefs of bureaus' give ti cyl- attention to posting up books, and other minor matters, in order to occupyance Coirpany. Loss about $1,500.the affairs of the licensed Junk Dealers of this city,and to take steps to form an association for their mu- LAite'S, SALE OF KEAL ESTATE.—The Brooklyn tual benefit and protection. After a general discussion portion oft the " Plenz Estate" was sold yesterday, by A. J.with fair accommodations; but since tlie sale of thatan officer for having merely done his duty, immediately his powers, claiming for him the ability to lift 1,100 them inlfiiommitting them both to Jail. The remainsyet heard. W e w< re informed that no census of theSociety has ever been taken, and although the advan- ordered his release. Mr. Anderson will now sue for pounds, and perform other equally marvelous exploits.of Mr8 placed(lien have also been exhumed, and have beea the posseesion of Dr. Chilton, as stated above-tages of such a pre ceeding would seem to be obvious, This body continued its 70th anniversary session on the proposition' was strenuously opposed. As noWednesday in the Broome-st. Church. The first two reason was stated by the objectors, it seems probablethat it was opposed on the ground of its being ah inno-vation only. Our reporter could not help admiring themoderation and regard for the feelings oi others whichtempered the .asperities, of this debate, which, was philosophy, chemistry, pharmacy, mechanics, manu-false imprisonment. .- — ' • ' ' ':In appearance he is of medium bight and breadth,well knit together, possessing large muscular developDr. Charles Riedel proposes to publish in this city a'THE STEAMER CITY OF NORFOLK. •j' _ W • • *ful knowledge and practical information in naturallast evening. . . . . Si n : I p your issue of to-day there is a paragraph:containing' an unfounded accusation relative to the ^steamer City The batter are amateurs, mostly clerks or men of of Norfolk, which is calculated to do me serious injury. The* 'sion Church, Brooklyn, having disbanded, were maintained for some time with great earnestness on factures, arts, commerce, agriculture, and household leisure, and the proficiency they have attained rivals voyage jipon which I am. preparing to send that steamer ia ia dropped from the ecclesiastical roll. The following both sideB, and after cogent arguments from John J). science. The specimen number, which is before us, is that of professional acrobats and gymnasts. Aside from every riifkpect a legal one, and the statement that it has any con-The Central Park Church, New-York, and, the Mis-ncction Ith the slave-trade is untrue. Yours, respectfully,, ALBERT HORN, No. 45 Beaver street.DISAPPEARANCE OF A BOY. ToTA* Editor of The N. Y. Tribune. ,SlK jiTbe eingular disappearance of a mulatto boy, the Clerk, Mr. Trimble, announced that the first busi- named Thomas Perkins, who claimed to have an office salaries lately written about in THE TRIBUNE, by eight v f e old, who was placed in my care about six years ago—its sittings on Thursday." A t the opening* of the meeting,yesterday morning,SOUTHERN CHIV ALRY AND MORALITY .— A con-siderable excitement was caused yesterday by the ar- cuniary trouble.rest in Broadway of a genteely-dressed Southerner, Every one,of them might earn one of the goodin the basement of the Union Bank in Wall street. He, in company with others, was riding up in a Sixth" Holding forth the Word of Life/' was intimated, might be raised by that meeting by a Put up in pint and quart bottles. Sold by all Druggists, Ur»-The preacher referred to the cheerfulness of light— sale of the property n )w occupied. The report was houses reported by the Sanitary-Police to Fred. Guibn, the present year; and. hence any licenses not dated cers and |"ruit Stores. ._ '•• .;.'•<.In regard to the dan;*roas condition of the tow>-r connected its contrast with darkness—the necessity of light, to adopted, andthe Quar'erly Meetings directed to raise he being the lowest bidder. The agreement provides 1860, and not granted by the Boardatits presents ses-"A'lfiO, WOLKJt'S PrRB COGXAC/ ,, B I U X D V i K B o r n i s . ""MAOKIRA. SHBKRT.lANn' . " P O R T WIXB,"I", FOR MsniCAi. UsK.'JFamilio who use Wines should give the preference to th* Each by allvritb the sooth aide of the Alms-Hoase bxdldhxg', it ban been as- animal and vegetable life.' When night falls upon the the amount named, j Jthat $1 25 per day shall be paid for every man kept in sion, would not be any protection to dealers who shallcertained that the difficulty la canoed by the aettling of the fotind-atian. and it cannot be braced to the main building, a* that i» not«f trafficient strength to xupport Ha prewrore, a#t, if the tower•hoold fall, it wouht draw the main buildinz with it. Measure*are being taken to obviate any difficulty, hy palling down the darkness, and are required in all their relations to set elderly. Friends, who | being ushered in, advanced carting, without extra charge.earth the city lights up its lamps, and the traveler holds forth his lamp to light up his path before him.The announcement |-yas here madethat a deputationfrom the Women's meeting were in waiting, with a the necessary materials and implements, and do all the plications be handed in before the 1st day of JulyBelievers in Christ are among the nations who sit in communication from ti at meeting. It consisted of two whole toweV. and otherwise arranging it >o as to secure protec- forth the excellence of Christianity. True religion is quietly to the high seat by the side of the Clerk; andactive service by the contractor, who is to furnish all sell in 1860. The Board, therefore, request that ap- next. Blanks can be Obtained at the office of either oftion to life and property.She report* relative to the steam-boilers at the various institn- tio.'ii*. before mentioned in Tfcui TKIBCXK, were ordered to be printed.T h e o u t r a g e o u s c o n d i t i o n i n w h i c h B e l l e v n e H o s p i t a l w a s found by the Commissioners on their aaanming chane excited t f i e i r i m m e d i a t e a t t e n t i o n . I t w a » f o u n d t o b e w h o l l y w i t h o u t_ _»_—!—Mr. ISAAC V. FOWLER'S SUCCESSOR IN TAMMANY.— An informal meeting of the Tammany Hall General C o m m i t t e e w a s h e l d o n W e d n e s d a y e v e n i n g a t t h e . " W i g w a m . " T h e q u e s t i o n o f t h e S u c c e s s o r s h i p t othe Commissioners. The next meeting will be held on Friday, at 10 a. m.»T H E F O U R T H W A R D C O E E E E A N D R K A D I N G - R O O M . — T h i s i n t e r e s t i n g i n s t i t u t i o n i s n o w i n f u l l t i d e o f s u c c e s s .Beaver-st."'22 ' *the word of life. In the family, in the Church, in our business relations, our. influence will be greJit for good or evil.. " T h e s p e a k e r - r e l a t e d a n u m b e r o f i n s t a n c e s i n w h i c h Chrintian fidelity had been rewarded. He rememberedtbe spokesman then sUte'd that their meeting had been engaged in discussing! jhe important subject of educa- cation, and had appointed a committee to consider the s u b j e c t , a n d r e p o r t t o 1 h e n e x t Y e a r l y M e e t i n g , a n d t h a t t h e y a s k e d ( t h e co< i p e r a t i o n o f t h e M e n ' s m e e t i n g .[Advertisement.]MRS. ••'WINSLOW,discipline, filthy in condition, overrrra with vermin, and in every a little girl in his Church years ago, who desired to sav After deliveringjthis m jssage they retired. The Men's Isaac V. Fowler was considered. Upon a call of the A large number cf tbe working men and young me- Hammalion's vfSU allay all p»in, and is sure to rajwatetne bow»l«. particular destitute of proper attention. From the Work-House, a word in a social meeting. She had just been baptized, meeting being prepare* L by the discussion of the morn- Depend "P^» ffi mothers, it will giv« re«t to rourseJvei and relies*twelve females, and a J5»nS of nien from,the Penitentiary, have and her heart was overflowing with love to Christ. ing, to act in unison w th the Women's, at once ap- wards, there was an almost unanimous expression in chanics or sailors of the Ward come here to read or . nd health to your infants. Perfectly safe in all cases.been sent to Bellevne Hospital for whitewashing, cleaning, and other labor absolutely reqoisite to be done for. the welfare of theihatrtntron. 'Plumbing work, carpenter's work, and mason work, have beenShe inquired, " O, who cannot love Jesus, who lovedus BOmuch as to come from Heavon, and die to saveus?" This was repeated till the j>eople were melted,pointed a large committee to meet with theirs.This being the only (business of importance remain- ing to be acted en, the meeting, after brief and impres- sive testimonies from 8>me of the Friends in the Min-favor of Elijah F . Purdy, esq., and Mr. Ifurdy will undoubtedly be Installed as Chairman at the next reg-talk sociably together, and Gardner's influence hasbeen very great oyer them. The books show over 700names of men who were sunk in habits of intoxication,Millions of bottLss are sold every year in the Lnited State*. I isnu old land wpll-tried remedy.1)1 ilPRlCB ••*!<* 2S CB*^rS A BOTTLB..None eeituilpe unless the f»c-«imile>»f CURTIS 4C PKRVMIT*New-Yoik. is on th» outside wrapper.Ordered to be done at the various institutions on the Island.tion, and tbe arrangements have been made so as t» have the ' The preacher urged that enlarged aid be rendered toin.iidijji ready for occupancy in.four moatbs'.time.For the erection oi play houses on Randall's Islander the the State Mission. There were hundreds of feebleistry, adjourned until i ext year. 'Our reporter is ediiscious that no report, howevernow reformed through the influences of this unosten- Sold by DfeukgisU throujhoat the world.intendent'of Police, John A. Kennedy, visited the ruffianism by a course of practical humanity or sobri- children during inclement weather, plans, specifications, and churches that needed immediate assistance. Ten thou- carefully drawi can cDnvey a /complete idea of the Headquarters on Thursday, and was engaged for aContracts have been ordered.Tbe occurrence of scurvy at the Island Hospital is being pro-vided agaln!«t by the liberal supply of fresh vegetable* from iiaxi- AOrsIaland, ttc. , . , isand dollars had been expended on the field during the year.character-of this assem )lage. His idea of the Quakershas been derived ,pri icipally from the shrewd andbustling commercial !Jfriends of the cities; but he is Mr. Kennedy will begin business, corner of Br'-uno convincedbytheexperienceofthepastweekthatthelife of the countiy is; inuch more favorable to the de-A collection was taken up for Domestic Missions. The roofs of the buildings on Randall's Island were found in a The Committee on Arrangement of Exercises, pre- tttd.condition. Onthe5thofFebruary,1S59,they"werecovered sented their final report, which was adopted, asN" COSTAR'^" DBPOT NO. 512 (opposite bt. Nicholas Hotel).' .':>;,'Mi; .;; ... - < » J. • •,||.Bj|f:j . [Advertisement]Fresidentj'LINCOLN'S Campaign P O R T R A I T —with "BoJrs Patent Cement;" at a cost of *649 69, and war-J f m a t e d tight agahut leakage for the term of five years. This follow*; •*. .'the vacant Inspectorship occasioned by the resignationprocess did not in any respect come up to the guaranty, and com- xoonieatiottit have been sent to Mr. Bull to comply with his obli-Theartexnoon to be devoted from 2 to 3, to the com- pletion of routine business and the reports of Commit-taken in UliudJu-^Broeacteminvedn adtanHcOeL, MboEaSt'SmeGnalslieiurjy,. No. 397 Broad-jgaaons.By the manufacture of soft soap at the Penitentiary a great tees. At 3 o'clock, addresses of fifteen minutes eachvelopment of tile genu Ine type of Quakerism.were among those brbiized.-and-, weather-beaten men of Inspector Dowling—being satisfied that the interests "delirium tremens.". Mr. Gardner took him in charge, got:i ba4**5S* *. *° * * ^DepartmentDirections hav© been given to the gooply Clerk and Baker to purchase a bettejr quality of floor titan that now in use. and formore than one who m rried us back,in imagination to the days of GejorgeFoxand Edward Burrbugh, andAt EvEkiteLL's, the Orange Blossom Weddino;the substitution of Urth mutton instead uf sail pork, (or the in- DOJDCE; on the Sunday School Union, by CHAS. T. :nat, heHe then went to bin old employer and showed him his pledge. they will save the salary of $2,000 per annum, as well HiHcmployer set him to work, und to-day ho U foreman of the nothing can exceed thei| reverential spirit with wbJch as much ill-feeling among members of the Department establishment. He has since tuken a great interest in the-Tern- many of them approach the consideration of the most nerance cause, and has been instrumental in getting some twenty, whowouldbeapplicants. InspectorDilksperforms ortwenty-fiveofhisoldassociatestosigntbepl^ge,who,with? ? ^f x! Agnatic A * y W - The lunatics are also to be sup- plied with tea and eon>c Liquors furnished to the various ia-.StotutionM areto be under charge of the Resident Physician.'?} Circulars have been addressed to miners, inviting them to niak" proposal* to supply the department with 10,000 tuns of white ashjfosL* Mr. Thos. Little, architect, ha* been directed to examine the^fefiersonMarketbuilding,andreportif Andrewstcl>aua«hhad 2uinlled their contract. . . . i A contract ha* been made for $900 with a man named GodfreyThe business meeting resumed its sittings in the after- tAt th» Island Hospital, Drs. Pilgrim, Towne, and Whitney noon. The first matter taken up was the report *ie appointed in place of Drs* Christie, T»mry, and Paige of the Committee on Indian Concerns. From thishose terms have expired. At Randall"* Island, Dr. Hines wasttoMfatedla the place of Dr. Fogge—terra expired. most interesting document, it appeared that the Catta-ffi exterxnmkte rata for one year from Bell»vu* Hospital.*TAKING our LICENSES.—There was a great rushNervous^ Pebility, local and general, Mental De- pression, audfIJi<»s of Memory, cured V J " * * * 1 ^ ; painla" treatmeut,uwere ordered—on the Publication Society, by the Rev. Mr. CLARKE; on th« Bible Union, by the Rev. F. REMINGTON; on Foreign Missions, by the Rev. O.medicine for him. and when he became aqber he rfgued theof the -Department do.not require it. By this means T>ledce We kept him, had him cleaned, and gave him clothes ENVKi.oi>Ks.^Tbese elegant ENVKi.oi'Ks sold only by the Mxud-:!facturer, 302 Broadway, cor. Duaue-st. Weddiug NOTES, CVRDO.:-:,||ijj;,.;.; •. ' . • • •' • $?\W&\ ".:•• ' [Advertisement.]MEYER'^MIRACULOUSVERMINDESTROYERIS common-place matterII business, as if everything, no the duty of inspecting the station-houses of this city two or three exceptions, still remain faithful. Many, of them, superior to all otter articles for destroy iu^ Rats. Mice. Roac.he*.GOODWIN, esq.- ,•THE FRIENDS' YEARLY MEETING.The public meetings for worship were attended onWednt-sday morning.hy large numbers of •Friends andOthers..AttheoneatHesterstreet, JOHN HCNT andSAMUEL JANNEV, delivered powerful communications.matter how unimportant, must be done in the fear, of the Lord.OnoneoccasionahJtgedFriendspokeofthereports in THE TRIBCNJE, and stated that it was out of their order for any one not in membership to be present;who ware out of work are now employed, making from ten toandJBrooklyn, as well as exercising a supervision over eiphteen dollars a week; theyf are mostly .printers and book- Water'Bugs,; aiid every species of Venuiu. Sold at No. G1X> JSioeptfa*c««*» of antergaucy, no patten** are to be admittod raugus tribe, inhabiting « reservatioa ia the South- Had he considered tllftt the faot waa otherwise he Hall. It was the last day for taking out their licensesto a gentleman for whom he had worked before, and showed hima. m. to 5 p. ra.i a»dTu«HKiaT and ThurWay ereainca from T V» «• See tile Uvmdr*ko( kuttuiordals (a hu popolw book.i:I. t •<iThere •way.Who '11 be King, but Abler. S|.'|j [Advertisement.]Untitled DocumentTHE NEW POLICE SUPERINTENDENT.—The Super-» J i ,. :•• * • -. L. !'':.,• ' TAdvertiKement-J" CoSTA^i's" Kat, Roach, Croton-Bug, Bod-•*CusTAR'i»"!ii Bug, 4cc. Exterminator. .'ety. We understand that he is adding to the reading- " COSTARV'1 Electiic Powder for Iinjects, Moths in Furs.long time in conversation with Inspector Carpenter regarding the arduous duties of the Superintendency.room a lodging-house for homeless men, or for those unable to pay much, BOas to increase, the moral influ- encesoftheinstitution. We.append some extracts from the journal of the room: •/. •. .. •_"T G H was brought to th,o Fourth Ward Rending Room in October last by Mr. 5., who found him drank In the atzeet; he wan without sufficient clothes to cover him,uid laboring under'" Co#rAU*w*f.\ • Clothes, Carpets Ice.and Elm streets, on Monday next.It is said that the Police Commissioners will not filllithe discipline of theforce. order... :''!•This is pursuant to a recent•>mmij^ — - • [Advertisement.]:•:; . ."•,•.• U '. .,: .j,',-I:but no one joined wifcl him, and our reporter concluded of pawn-brokers, junk-dealers, intelligence-ofljce keep- with -him for three nights. Mr. G. got him medicine', fed and parable^—ini lodged him until he was able to sign the pledge, which was aboutthat no general obje^ion was /felt to his presence. ers, and stage and cart drivers, at the City the 1st of November, and got him some clothes. He then went Author, itc.f No. 647 1 -m i • „ ^ .a living. /JUNK DEALERS MEETING,—A large informal gather-1By notiming the above you wculd confer a favor on ^.lifeI Sir; yonr obedient servant. TM S I I CHARLES BURNEY, No. 571 Greenwich street.•ing of the Licensed Dealers of this city took place May n; woo. on Wednesday evening at the Seventh Ward Hotel,THE SECOND ASSEMBLY DISTRICT REPUBLICAN- x lot adjoining. ••••»..•••«............ *. ^.................... 230way and Twenty-second street, blasted ia rock, without in any etc., which had been pledged to his employer, and way cautitynnc the passers-by of the impending danger. Thoyeither selling them or pledging them at other pawn-liuvebeenendeavoringtorecoverthestolenproperty, and in so doing, have visited numerous pawn-shops, findinginthemnearlyallthemissinggoods,$250.,. m - ^ [Advertisement.] w.r-tatious charity. Gardner is nobly redoeming a fife ofbinders. T. G. H. is now a Respectable member of one of our Temperance Social Unions. ' ' .J. B.C, a.silver chaser,wa*broughttothe FourthvVard Readme Room by Mr. I, who, knew him jn Boston, found him wandering about the streets .drunk. He had the delirium tre- mens in its worst form, so that there had to be a man to watchBroadway, afd by all drugglata. .••/'' '^ - •,kis pledge, and got work again.Go now come* nightly a mileVoAk k|,LKGET> CAPE or POISONIK'G.—Sheriff Edger- ton of "KMland, Vt., has just brought to Dr. Chilton ofOn |V^dne8day night the barn of Henry Bradburst, standing j on the King's Bridge road, between One- hundrw-and-forty-sixth and ' One-hundred-and-forty- seventjh jatreets, was totally destroyed by fire. It ia puppcsedi to have been the work of an incendiary.'were not arrested. |. . . i c e i Nurse and Fepialo Physician, has aSiRTir rox Can-ORB* TaBTniSG. which greatly faofliUtes th« p r o c e s s o f T e e t h i n i r , b y s o f t e n i n g t h e $ u m « a n d r p d n c i n g a l l i m -,A n re x p e r i e3o*rntTf«rj Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 