 'of articles usually displ^ed John TitusCB18U «P YHE VlflOlf.ttkliini InAue Ot rlgbt kind of feellu and acUon So»e »•«•»« WnU^ton. you eSbitt may beIZ^S^SMXim. Indeed, the im^i««ion preraiiB"oftheNorthernmenvmi^ISltccmfatg ^o> steamship SnuthamftmTHfi1V, S. Marine Corps mirti^y , of the U. S. N. aleattheAstorHoure.Lieut W. K.MayoaiW P«S5k?l5Si£Srt«T-QenS«l£• m!^a lS> lUUwaT Companies,)— l/ntxa Statxs Dbposit Fciin.—An adjourned meet-SMtt cirotoiMS wUl consent to ¥lL^S?l?st»??3'K^.noStnmmt bear on tills point. Graat eonfideoce Isto make some Essex,where they offer for sale Christmas toys and on loan, $6,500, on mortgages, as follows:the number2,u00 low, 64c.: New, S2c«S8c. Wann advanced He., selves to this department et scteneer The tideeadOH of soch Southern States desirous of codperat-occupied; did not see or know Fredericks beforewarks, Ship. Ab addivss was issned to the people of South iBfThe building vraa occupied en- Chaelis Jzhkiks, and was seven stories high in front,Afty-two members of the Legislature.In the Senate a resolution ofierlng the services ofof five minutes it was quite apparent that the hissesmajority, parties " Mr. Tailok then very quietly remarked,denterryds.,Thompson. NetrburyportwlUh«TMto"gomackse In than Friar's 8AMUEL J. ilJlLLB.Company.extlngul(2fi cents.Hebbiko'bSafes and Herring's 33.fes,iPSareceived «»»»rMce« them great HUlsfactlon. has been felt here, for some days past,for the SherUTs office.Committee on the United States Fund pre-875*;; Steady:FBHHTiBPQT^CIAKS."^HOTOlatJonlsts have lately friSrW^Swnglrn, that (five—the Free Church of the Epipha- sented areport, showingChurch funds. In the church in Stanton-street, near annual report there was loaned $7,07017000 bushels at 48c.e53c. New Whiteno doobt, TlewfciIN AAire occurred shortly before 4 o'clock yesterdayJbNGBCOCNTT BoABD OP BuPIByiSOBS.PateitOhampionFibe-pboo^Ntw-l ork Dec 12Secretaryw<<he ftats would be reinforced. TMy do not like nings, one of the Boarding Officers at Qiiaraatiac, aad10that at the date of the last Psovisioss dnUlate years, been dliestad tathoanxietynaBoeed that the late advices frim the seat of cancy.CtooUalan* are, tkij fMr t^^tn, Federal policy. if the 'Quarantine property was to be sold, as It was Tkeyucapprebendvethatlur. IiIrcouimayprovea Tllkelyto be,under theactionof thei>eg!Blatnre thisDeiwsitMets Pork at $10Tss duU at 12e.«ISc. Wmssr steady at IScDr. Walser asked for4aUoiiae8« u ngards tail snccessor. Brave as necessary repairs of his dwelling. .Mr. Carri;an saidamongos of those whowUh tojmnil in Hr. Bdosahas, bat there is greatthe extensive assortmentRobert Dlkeman... .$1,600|T. T. P. Talmage.A $400 «$1;Rrd, $| 12S$1 22. Coaa doU;Old Tel-devote them-jackMS la aealing idth tlds aeoeastoa business. Itures. If is fair to presume will do as well as they Amount received for Interest, $478 20. The Coat-R0DERIC1L otfk oounaiL ooBSKSPomxncE.' C(Anwn*.Sundar,Dec.IS,I860.The excitenent, yesterday, re*«ln4'the ciilmlua-'Winter,imprudenttolayany greattheyrejoicela theloeresalBC popolarity sf tkM'^^^ttatkemayT^Stocks firm. PennsylTsnia Stale Fives, 87 ;of the world'sfarBcetmgairlTediit'waslnpoMlbleand State streets, for the purpose of teaching them the ladles connected with the West Nineteenth-street read $3,000. Messrs. Csooaa and Csowzll said that Welsb,B.H.llinCT.J. if. Sloan. W. H. OdeDhelawr.for leiions alarm I cannot believe. A joint Commlt--IM was raised oa the subject, and after an hour's de-Ubcratfon the Baoate Chainnan reported that theCoamlttee eould not agree, and the Senate adjoum-•d. The Bonse discussed the matter for some time, served for the Inmates. Be merely wished to call thethe salary woitid be raised to $3,500. The origi-JaeaaSiaJbaa,drSBt Mis KrUy and infant, Mrs. J. Anderson and In-:Saaate may possibly agree, although it is barely possl-bla that there will be a qnoram. During the session had their best wl'hes for his success.Society.large varietyof articles foraadteally passed a resolatioB to adjoom to-morrow,to iMet in Charleston on Thursday. Jt is thonght the—^About 6 o'clockcompounded, and one of theof the Senate, the body being without a quorum, a onl^ grants have arrived during the week, makingtees. The only one brought back was Senator Hoar- mtUMMj, taken from the ralliead cars about leaving ; ke had obtained leave of absence, but the officer was;Pleire, S. UbrOb Dabon. B. Bendelarl. F rellorse.U. Allsrd. H. S, I<e«ett,e. BaysMnd, J. 1, Caaorll, F. DI ODisI, H. Morland, M. Dai«y, B. B. Daley and P. Conrv- Tisier.MARINE INTELLIGENCE. NEW-YORK . WEDNE8DAT, Dee. 1».Be was on his way hone in eoaaaqnence of sickness In his family, and the conse-—rOHBTH WARD BCHOOL-BOUBES AN ADDI- steamshipbor, has not yet been raised. TheBAT.Moon lets.. -.12 OSaot aware of the fact.John P. btimed In the har- King, recentlyis he Is compelled to remain over twenty-fourkovia. In the same time some two or three SenatorsBade their escape. 1« is said the Convention will go CcKTiss, presiding. «• Charleston to-morrow, and if it does, the I^eglsla-tB» will sorely follow. The Baptist Church, In whichtke Ccnrentlon was to meet, accidentally took fire thisOialag, from a defective flu^ , and was so damagedas ta be unfit for the purpose.is alongside, pumping her out, and when floated shewill be taken to the Allaire Works, where her ma-quencewithwill read this article, to corroborate ourwe say that no such fatal eonseqaences as thoseaUnded to, ever occur from teething, when Mrs. Wars'the entireWard was taken up separately, and the nominations were nearly all confirmed, with the exception of a few who did not have a certificate equal to grade C, as required by the By-Laws. The nominations are' The Commissioners from Alabama and Mississippitave anlved—Bod. Juun A. Euou from the former,atiBa.T. Hoona from the latter. Committees oftte Laglalature waited on them to ascertain if theytaA hay communications to make to the body, andJlr.Ei.HOU told them his mission was to the Conven-ttlB and not to the Legislature. The reply of Mr. opening of Chambers-street. Referred to FinanceDkaf-Mctk Exhibition.—TheSteaaisliips Znla, (Br.,)The Govemof elect arrived this morning, and will ha inaugnrated to-morrow, In front of the State Boaae. The Lieutenant-Governor is expected In the aaenlag.Funded Debt, 1859 Funded Debt, 1(60SM,7W 07 755,997 67 17,539 12 12^288 802,566,270 07 2,566,270 0745,948 S340,827 12 101,877 34; Tiltston A Co.jayortedquite ill.From .... Freights.1015,417 74— 313,020 75{^clpallywho te^fled that he executed a bill bark Cora on or about the 11th April last.steamship Company, The Br. naik Faithftil arrived at Cowes just prerlotu to the ealUBg ot the Atlantic, havint on board the crew of Am. ship Alice, from New>-Yoik for l^iodim. vhlch was abandoMneidphayt.sea Not. 31, in lat.48N, loB.to the Senate yesterday. They report a billthe Board, a junior clerk, at a salary of $100, sub- stituting in his place William Wllhelm as messenger, at a salary of $125, was adopted.A resolution offered by Mr. Waterbckt, to close theThe only witness examined was Mr. Solon HcHPaxiT, a member of the firm of E. D. Moxoan AArrireA.Bteamship Atlantio.OraT. Bavre, and (kiius on the(veiling of Dec. 6, with mose,, 63 piasengeiB and $86%-whichwehaveadvertisedtorthelastfew——IbiT Wdmade up from the Senate bill as Intro- daead by Mr. m««»»ai.i., with some of the minor de- Mlaiaken from the Bouse bill. The IBth section, in lalsrenee to pay and rations, is kept in the bill re-From oUier sourcesara In to North Atlantic specieaaysaedielnaputed.Oattad States officers ana men, without the extra.ra-Xgreatcrowdofpersonsareherefromallquarters, and if a general stampede takes place to Charleston, I dont know how all will get there over the ricketynesday evening next.liASGE FIRE IN FKANKFOKT-STttEET.Alivered a before the Mer- lecture, Tuesday eveniiu,It :Steamer Dawn, Perry, New-Bedford, with mdse. teraad between the two cities.TBE GEORGIA LEGISLATURE.Z.by witness, and Faxcaaicxs said to be a cl ss of savages in Bulgaria, who hang Steamer Westchester, Jones, Providence, with mdse. sooner lose our night's rest than cowent to s^bA •The build- the members of the Legislatujn in case of coercion of ing occupied a frontage of 50 feet, and a depth of 100.as; Soolfaem State,4>d requesting the Governor to •Tder out all the members of the Assembly first for the Aald, was lost.The discnssion in the Senate on i^eparate State nc- tiOD, Is reported the ablest of the session.Mr. Bill, of Troup, characterized separate actionwasI have now. I never before have been hissed pub- ship standing S.,iiUh a black cross in her lower fore- from its use. Mrs. WInalow is no qoaek bat a womaa ofas "right aecomplishlng its own defeat;hasbeen16(<s. onthecoast, sprangaleak badly, split sails, Ac No date, in the southern edge of thespars, apparentlyBark 6reyhannd. (of Kinsston,) Oulbrandsen. Rio Janeiio (>ct. 13, via Hampton Koads 6 ds., with coffee to theStateofNew-YorkintheCongressionalUnionGam- master. Experiencedveryheavyweathersinceleavinging its own chainprosiwiity committing suicide."weieResolved, Ihat this Committee hereby tenders ItsGulfa schooner's topmasts and Jib-boom.;hare his brother, Mr. Hxnky Woon, confirmed as Janx Oksxosd and Wuliah MiariN. The fire was Street Conimlssioner, and it Is believed that thehappiness polsoniiig its own cupevening, unanimously adoptedfoUowingStresm, somebroken passedNays, 54—that aa tlwre is a common interest, there should be a co-not extinguished until the building was entirely de- stroyed.thanks to Hon. jAuis Hcmpuxit, the representative ofTOO LATB FOR CLABSIFICATWB.BtJosxph'- Fouith-st., one door east of Broadway.On WEDNESDAY and THURSDAY EVENINGS,A resolution was adopted—Yeas, S6caucus of was called to yesterdayfrom processes In the Federal Courts, was lost by 16aaajorlty.W. L, HAaais, the Commissioner from Mississippi,!spokehave been ordered to be printed.AFFAIRS IN MARYLAND. Baltihou, Wednesday,for a harbor. Dec. 4, off Havana, spoke Br. bark Crimea, from Havana, for New-York.Judge Handt, Commianoner from Uissiasippi toMaryland, addressed<an audience of about 5,000 citi-xess to-night, hi the Maryland Institute. He advo- to be insured:cated the right of separate secession, which was re-before they can prty.*'FItc Folnta Gospel Union HflssloB.Brig NabaLt. (of Boston.) Strout, Cherryfield 8 ds., CoKOBBT AT Plymouth CunRCH. A grand with lumber to SlirpsoD A Clapp.afterwards, in solid phalanx or separately, present an ultimatum to the North, and again re-wilte, if practi- cable, with the present Constltntlon properly amend- ed, on amicable terms.His propositions received unexpected approbation. The meeting was orderly, and attended by many ofaJ.',o the firm of Habtzy de KxsiCAfii), blankSchr. ii. K. Hawley, llitcbill.ClPalpypm.outh, N.witb to Benton Bros. shldglesthe best citizens. It indicated a with the South.to side about ^ioO W,;autinAshlandHallto-dayat II o'clockA.M. Col. B.U. HoLBin was called to the Chair, and L. Asured. ThebuildingisownedbyMaasaALLiiriars;Sooth Carolina the very moment their servicesU;e cause of the fire. That part of the building occu-Considerable enthusiasm was throughout the proceedings.ALARM AND VIOLENCE IN MISSISSIPPI. From the Memphis {Tmn,) Argus,Fblu's PomT, Miss., Dec. 11, ItiSO.piedbtit he was unable to accomplish anyttiijiK owinc toMs of water out. pail givingnmiutes after five, he wentMan.—visiting the City would be pleased to look in at No. 308 Broadway, where may ba seen a cabiqet of somequired.:C. C.TBIStrangersSchr. Mary I.aDKdan. Jackson, from" Xama Aascsoomiaaiiit;. The people are in arms against themurderers,Beenan, Sayers, Morrissey, etc.:pirates, cluding Garlbudi,Foe 0. Caufoebia.—The clpper ship Renown,•;see and feel in regard to the propriety of such a cliange.strongfeeling;backs the first Sunday School was established In that6,000 Overcoats.2.500 Dress Frock Coats.Schr. i^ea Fairbaven.Flower, Clark, F.lizabethport,forliberty forg-;;Dec. 19.25,He then stronglybasement, occupied by Mius <k Bso., manufacturers of dry quartz crashers, lossBrig Norfolk. Andrews, Providence 3fl hours, with lathi to Brett, Sod A Co2 BiIkBndson,White,Now-London ds..Inballasttoceived with considerable applause.recommended the Southern States to secede beforeLincoln's inauguration, and asserted that all the occupied by Wa. CBOxLar, dealer in spices, lossWABD TAHDHAITX.—THISMnlnx the remainder^v'Srr3 o.n tih..e. s•t4eMadmbhonaAt WmtonaOD uamer JJortono.wWeCrTTrbrfainwdfed wi-t»h the letters G. 8B. (gikn--bbuanriaeiraa.,))!*' j%Col. CD. K Townsend and lady, of AlbattT. andcounty during the last six weeks, and the people haM«BM«ni.TS, of Sagtaa Na. 38.detlermldea tu stop 1:. , ,. , ^ , ..' Otker Flrea.|L R. Yates, of the U. S. Hotel.N.,are at tbc SU NicholasWe have c vt Conovxb & WALua, hardware dealers, No. 474 Broadway, be-;passed,and secession sentiments expressed by many promi- from water insured for Etna InsuranceAt BVASS',Sima appointed Resolutions were Secretary.nent InAuential men whoAs soon as the news of the withdrawal of SouthCarolina from the Union reaches here, one hundredIKgu another luifered a of the country, it Bcbhs, tenant,isconfidcnUy stated that he will re-; ; "g'^jj^? H^ifuELAT.-Pre«d«aUaddressedthe Convention.AnUoch, fromBOSTON, DecT*.-Arr. steamships J. Whitney, f«mwill be fired in honor ofaf the Minute Men of Portsmouth pledges one hun-When the fire who begantomakeheadwtjr.ChiefEn- medicalstudents,;.*^iTMn.FRIDAYlivKNING, 31st init..B-gansdred Minute Men equipped and ready to march totheevent,andthechief„ Cordelia, Turks Island : brig Syren, St. Joim,There is great excitement in thisrobbers,thieves,in- soldiers,.ggggg;;Br^u-E. X invwa' WAIR OF THBdoubtless nearement of these wretches, ne night was lit up firesimultaneously,byside of UieOn rccelvtng Udsthe streets, and »U Is excitement and alarm. This thCDwtlsilcdupt>iei,i;>,., ;in.i dircctcJ hi- loriimu<"ol, J. It, Morgan, of .Ncw-Jcr ryflroaUwa). OjI town orders attendedThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tjcarefully.,An AtK^litiouist was hangeu, barreled up and ro.ova_.( at a warrant for the arrest of Jones. tween Grand and Broome streets.into the liver at this point lait we«k,andlt was proba- bly to avenge his death that tho last gini were drad.A nerro implicated tlie men nho were buog. He. said that tbey had told them ail the negroes were to be free next March, when I.i>coui beconoes Prasl^ dent, and that there will be a general ri^ln^ of the \ nrproes then.Copt. Dow, of the U. S. storeship R'lief.axA Mr. MMIey. of New-Orleans, are at the Lafirge Uouie.The Vlgil^moe Committee have sworn to haag everv Mortfaera man who comes here until the 4tb elMnrch,andall suchhadbetterPoint.CITY Aim COVNTT ATFAIRS.COMMISSIONERS OF EMIGRATION, c- IHB FLAN I'OB AN INDnSTBIAL SCHOOL. 'The weekly meeting of the Commissioners of Ead- giatlon was held yesterday—Mr. VxapLAifcs, the Presi- dent, in the chair.TheBBOOK1.YN NEWS.York; 2Mb.TWplbalance of cargo; 23d, bark <Wawba,do!7do.^^ -throughhisLatham," and were certified and deposited in bank;aimounced the death of Mr. Jep-and TeUow. Lard, 10c Cor-Pablie atUntkm of has,mTaOta. eooTT'a presence at WashiuteD, and It Is the appointment of Michael Williams to fill the va- ny are now boiling their annual Fair in aid of theappropriations40I8jjc ai9c.outonly absolutely necessary repairs.Mr. A. A. Low Introduced Rev. Cbas. W. Dennison,as a Missionary at large, who had some commuoii^a- tion he wished te make.ttog foint The aonton of the Legtalatnre, early Inyii ^ri }>*^*m» pu^ stricken, and when the hooT that he was about to open an Indusbial Scliool for lady.the obstacles which prsjadloe has thrown la their wBr»to get a quo- ima In either Hoase. That tiie small-pox, or soaie-salary City Judge HiBU>,e*o.K. MnnbBaB. MlsaS.LM.J. B. C. from $2,500 to $3,500. Mr. Bsaasa moved so as to Evaas,pnbHc epiaioB. Oons|ieaoas saong the aaasber StaateBy Invitation of Mr. ViapLAaox, Mr. Beo^lson statedan to theLegislaturetohavetheS«lle«l.The Fiealdent replied that his charitable efibrts re- ceived the aiqirovaJ of the Board, aad Mr. Dennisonat No. 147 Worth-street, on the comer ofMission' place, was dangerously injured by her clothes remove steam from AUantlc-street,D. Bcwell, F. Blaoehl Woodbridge, J FaWre, Mile.The Weekly Statement shows thatW. Crane, J. E. BayRond, W. Taylor,B. C. Murre, W. Cleeman, Bev. J. B. Lowe, Bev. C. W. fail to satisfy aU Who wUl take the tronble to lask RsnkI-. M. Oltiker.B A. Mondos, Mrs.H Bowler andfor commutation of passengers, &c., $760speedily i.|z cbUdien.XuB. liogon, J. lumel, E. P Boynton, M. the bills of mortality for any one year, that a very 1bursements, $2,541 36 ;ceeded In extinguishingblaze andpercentage of children die annuallyof teething, and a mnek verywho snrvlve are greatly debilitated or diseased, so thaAbalance, $6,973savingher life.daring the ) larger nnmber of thosaBOARD OF EDUCATION.TIONAL CLZBK.The last regular meeting of the present Board ofEducation was held last evening, the President, Mr.chinery will be removed. The statement that the ground, consequentiy no progress can be made untilperfect eoafldence to tiii».^.ndi of motben vba statement when ws haya.A communication vas received from the Schoal officers of the Fourth Ward, asking an approprtatlon of $40,000 to purchase sites uid erect school-houses in that Ward, in plase of those torn down by theSociety,"Jamaica RaUroad Length of double track No, of passengers carried No. ot ions (2,S00 ks.) of99 miles. 10 8-10 miles. 417,106B.J. AC;A. DeWolffrc sa. Oporto, S.E.Amslnck A Co.; Eeitt Lock-calprofession.—Draimi^-rMm CoaipamoB,If,T,Comnuttee. $2,172 was appropriated to furnish the new school-house in Oliver-street, Fourth Ward.Tlie Cara SlaTe Caae.This case was resumed yesterday before UnitedfreightExpenses malntaingJuan, C. Ooean Dnrandj^. _s/oum»a «afluMII^ |^Bralt,orl«oirMeBFrhtilpDped. FourteenginshavebeenburnedIntw-J*<-_-i -TM„„.„; ;and W. S. Weed, of AK>atty, *tral Park Sk»te Emporium is like a village chMtr' Brown said he'd Riveltup, Jones said, because all the boys who go there to have their understandings improved are (oie to get well s^app^.87.theShe was taken tu the New-York Hospital where shethe upper stories, were obliged to escape & Baltgerthe bill of sale was madewith a height of nine stories in the rear.feet. For a short time tlie flames raged with tiieI thoughtsevera].- neighboringbuildings. Thelargetenementhous*;advocating tepsail.This reply Tarmontb, N. 8.,) standing Same day, J. A. Dahl-fire several times, especially the roof and fourth the noonat Delmonlco's,KINS, NEW-YOBE. Is on the oatsids wr^per. Sold by drnggi^ IhreagUont the werH. Principal Odlce, No. 13 Cedar-st., Kew-Tssk.made use of until too late,whenseveral of the win-Abner Taylor, (of Bangor,) Havana ISwaa courteously received by the Legislature. He dows were broken, when the steam, instead of re- phalanx of thirteen in favor of allowing things to re- main as they are in the Street and City Inspector'sin the above resolutions were successful.she is bound. Has heavy weather; port experienoedWM. B. BCSTON.on Monday. A tliausand copies of bis speech maining in the apartoient, passed o^t into the atmos- Departments, until after the 7th of next month.—Ladies'Fair. ALadies'FairandFestivalhasantll IS P. M On view daily .Dahisl a. Mathiws aSalesroom No. 64 Cedar-st., opposite the Post-oBecphere. engineer,floor.The following is the list of the losses and Insur-ances, as far as knownNos. 26 and 28 Frankfort-street, first floor occupiedby Baiieb & Gouu>, printers, loss about $1,000 ;about $50,000, insured for about $34,000 in City andCo.,Aucticmeers.wrongAthe- n;Fum for several dcys, ^D(] owing to the rain of lastTHISDsYspoke bark E, Foster, Foster, from Malaga Oct. 36, At lOJi o'clock, at Saltanom,there wasbook binders, loss about $4,400, insured for $2,500 in the Gebliard, Jersey City and State Instirance Com- panies.of Sessions yesterday. [AST«im«iii»t.iSchr New-York Packet, handall, Machlas 10 ds., with laths and lumber to Simpson AJames Watson. Arthur Keating,tobut I must ttiat to be hissed for say,Dec. lat. 41 as. Ion. 9, bark (of8, W. passed Lotus, long experience as a Nnrse and Female Physlciaa.> -: ^-^nt 0-^: ^'sf^rm^f^ ,iit,C^in(^.t< .Tr-,i tsni^ 54dttij,thej ..''^The neglected and needy children, at the corner of Brid^ HxBBEW BxLiitr Socimr Ladiks' Faib.—makingattacahpepdlitcoattihoen office of laereased Jh ttiamtKp Jfanon. for Charleston—Cbnim A. MU- and whose herola exerUons hSTe effested the rfnagw Ibnow lies in a critical condition.APPOINTMXST OT ETISIXO BCH00L-TSACHER8— Thk Bubned Bteamship.—The hull of thewas not received up to the time of adjoum-The Committee of Conference on the Military bill, appointing John G. White, the nresent messenger of States Commissioner Moaxll. The prisoners were Expenses of repairs and machineryWln4ioi, D. R. De Wolff.Sloop ¥. Brown, Can, Newport, 8. Kenny.tafter a sessioDi which lasted thraoghout Friday night,ofThe report of the Finance Comoiittee in fevor ofestateschools on the public dayof the President's Fast, wasCo.,of sale of theThe aigna- Afler a session of four hours the Board adjourned, tuie was in his handwriting. The blU of sale was This section makes the pay the same as having first voted to hold a Bi>eclal meeting on Wed- identified, counsel for the delence objecting to the in-For Interest32,904 5091,063 25 —312,640 54laid over.For other exjiensesBayabd Tatlob HlsaCD.-Batabd Tatlob de-fants. Batof this Symp we can speakin oar own family it has proved a m*—*^ iaiead, bygiving an infant troubled with coUc pains qtfststoc^DestrnctloB of Property Talned 9100,000.atAboutThere was no race, ever known, who did not pos- sesssomeInstinctofIndividualrights. Therewere Bdse.toJ.AN.Bjlggs.fire foit-street. The originatedevidence and accepted, subject to objcctioa] The tries the practice wat moaified a little, for thay ooly waa iMt at the timeeonidbuilding occupied byBaknitt dtCo.,manufaiHurersCrost-fxamined by air, Donohut Be meant by de-infant is perfectly natoral, and the little cherub awaksa"as bright as a bntton." And daring the tnuem ofAc,toM.Pastacaldi. HadheavyW.andN.W-Kales teething,itsvalneIsincalcolaUe. Wehavefteqaeatlj frsm lat. 4t, Ion. 60 ; has been 23 ds. between Sableof cases. The fire was first discovered daguerreotypeof the vessel that tlicreafler the firm haddaysGay Maanerlng. Ship BealB, Dann. Lethoin, (Ids., with marble, lags,saidsecond, sixth and seventh floors, occu- *'gaods;entertainmenttillsevening.City.Blaniiib.—Jones askeil Brawn why the "Cflii '"restored to power. Those favorable to such a prop- pied by £. O. Jkxxihs, priater, loss estimated at osition, will (as Aid. BooLx says,} have to watch long—operatic concert wiU be given, this evening, at Ply-mouth The is to aid Vons. Church, Brooklyn. objectand Mme. Baillot, who have recentiy arrived here, and are giving lessons In French and music to the good people of Brooklyn and New-Vork. Snasixiremises two of his beautilul ballads, and the bene- gciaiy is to give readings in French.out-town Companies$1,000, no insurance of$1,000;;partThe numerous ladies andgentlemenfor Elizabeth-CKNABAL OOMMirrEE. WWlam Miner. Paariek McMahon.Touse axil's eisxiAL oomnTXS. Thomas MeCauley. Charles W. Emger.WARD COMMITTEE. , nast SISTBICT.;TK^BTwho attend- at Cooper Institute, last evening, CottOB States were determined to do so. He wanted occupied part of the first floor, his loss was about for the benefit of tlie Five Points Gospel Uidon Mis-Uurd floor, Wxiks * Co., boot-binders, loss about $1(>,00U, insured for $3,000 in the New-Haven and Hartford Insurance Companies—tills firm had inthis basement was als>el:G. SuzLcis Collins, dealer in prmter's ink,ed the grandconcertport.Schr. Susan Canon, Slocamb, Gambia, W.t!.A..Oct.23, with nuts, bides, ic. to E. R.Ware A Co. Expe-$1, iMand their institutions would l>« respected. The thtir po-'-^essi-m the following property, which was hail, which was nearly half full, it was an exceeding-has been 16 ds. N. of Hattcras most of the crew sick. Dec. 11, lat. 3G 16, loo. 70 06, spoke bark Glen, Capt. Holmes, from Portland, for Mo- VicToBT, indie' cd for robbing Thohab SrAHPoasof bile, who kindly supplied us with provisions. Left noflia entire South to join them, and then to form a com- jaet natn they could be fully guaranteed all Southernsion, were "-ertainly not fair-weather Christians. It was a most disagreeable night without, but witliin therienced heavy weather;Convicted op Highway Robbeey.—Besnabd $9 by force in Van Bnint-street, on the 4th of No-;Schr.town, 1). C. Pat into this port with loss or foresail.;rights,South never cotild be In a position to demand herilghtsunder Lincoln's Administration. They could above was partly instued. Fourth floor— DU tlds floor Mr. RoBEUT Chapman and twenty young ladies andAm. vesEels.Patrick Shea. Thomas WilsonIsaac Wilkhis. JchnSicott.William Fields. BSOOSD DIBTEICT.totally destroyed:Locxvoos & Sok, aoout $500;Dicely pleasant one. six celebiatedmusical entertainment, in whichwith stone& CiiLUii & FiiziiXEAXD, $1,500;vember was tried and found last,inguUtytheCourtAntelope,,Sullivan,for fJcorge-Baos., $1,000—theassistedgcnUemen of New-York and Brooklyn, lock part, was a very fine one. It was under the direction of Mr. HoBACI Watirs, and Mrs. E. A. Pabxhijbst pre- sided at the piano- forte. The vocal performances ofThe building was damaged about $27,000, supposedto be insured for about $1S,000. It is the property of little Miss Mabtua O.vvixs deserved and drew forthSchr. Emma Furbish Verrol, Richmond, with stone fsr Sandy Book Fortification.flehr. Mary Aid, Sawyer, Hachias 9 ds., with lomber to Simpson A ^'Schr. Mary, Boyd. Lnbec It ds., with laths and fish to John Bornton A Bon.^^. ,. Engravmii.^^CdABLXS JiHXIilB.to theNos. 22 and 24.—First repeated plaudits. During the evening Rev. RsrosEnsllsh HeHoon. BeautifulSteelDamagebuilding—WnxiAM Young, machinist, damaged by water floorInsured for $2,000 hi the Commonwealth InsuranceCompany,ofPhiladelpliia. Secondfloor- Unoccupied. Third 4oor—John LsAaiL. booE-bindIng,W. M- Clarx, delivered an address, in which he stated that in 1»30 the first efforts for the regeneration of Ttie Five Poii.ts were made told aotid what draw-Schr. Uoees Van Name, Van timore.Schr. Boston.insdied. Fourtliandfifthfloors—John GuiRBAb, manu&elurer of marble paper, damage $300;insured. DaniilA»«,agent,printer,occupiedsection of the City, and endeavored, with apparenUyIN A BASK-non BIleRATUl'8 OVFIOB.Taaterday moiatag, about llo*ekiek,iu alaMt«(W^as given la consequence of the burning of dftV Pkner, of the U. S. N., are at the International Hotel.*l^"^*oard8 which had been placed to-drr la aan^ sheet-Iron oven on the fifth floor of Scnoitl 4 :a»'« buHding, No. » Nassau street. In>es accu;«ed as a prlnttsg office by the Natl Note TheHaiieswereW—l;CA Jva iriOf all diseases, eo'tivenesa is thA ittost destroc-residingmaterialdamage had resulted.ATLASIIC.]*onlikeoccasions. Asthey ckaicenoadmissionfee,Peter (}. Bergen.... Total2,000 Thomas Lynch SOOlr- ..JttfiOOat_wUsk theyhavesolongbeenoUlgedtostem,lowsetalathtIrfavor. Wenoble work, as awhile wedo sstweabealdBetfaKet Oeandeschewthe conventloaal lottery and raffle fea-PUIaieirMa 8»ck Baard. PaiLABunnA, Wednesday. Dec. 10.it would beamount of money for the repairs of the buildings. The did last year, wtaen, under similar circumstances, they mlssloners fees were $53 03, and the remainder of theaudlcatlou was referred, with Instructions to make realized about $700. The rapid up towa movement Interest was deposited in the Manhattan Bank, to the eadfaig RaUroad. UHof the conBregatlon aecessitatea these Fairs to sus-tainthechuich The esteemed Mr. prwcnt pastor,Joms, has officiated as minister of this church abouttwenty-eight years, and his old pailshioaers flock to these Fairs to greet their old pastor and his estimablecredit of the State. The was siad the report adoptedusual order made directing the Clerk to transmit acopy to the State ComptroUer.The Committee on Salaries reimrted in favor of1The the lOvementiraaUbeundertheauspicesoftheChtUreB'sthe Capt. B K.BadMgs Dr. J. F. upMk, Thos. B. Guan,.atVof sewing, knitting ana other haMts of industry Synagogue (of which Rev, Mr. Lton is the minieter)Mrs. WIN8L0W, who te mors than thirty«!« like It, exisii,U«Ttdant, bat that there Is caoM Aid Society. It also had the approval of Mr. Draoer, are now holding a Fair at the comer of Broadway and nomination for the office had he not been assured that cUldreB. W.B. Sodt. Mrs. Ksger, Infant and 1 ebU- nnrse aad physician, has followed hsr rrnfnialsa with.President of the Board of Charities and Correction,Tenth-street, In aid of the charitable purposes of thetaught.On a meal would each day, at noon, plainbe may stul contribute to the cause. "The Fair will beaad other beitevolent The persoas.Mr. Giinnell,Bethel teg would be displayed above the hall, and seameo and others would be invited to attend worship on the Sabbath. No sectarian dogmas would beAside from thesale, the ladles offer the Inducement of raffles for a piano and a sewing-machine. A small admission fee is charged, so that those who do not choose to bayall this i^eek.A WoHAN Badlt Bitbnkd.taking fire. She was sitting in front of a grate-firea totalcall was ordered, and officers sent out for the absen- of 102,116 since the begbuung of the year. Received sparks from the fire ignited the lower part of heramendingKeUy, Capt. E. G. Tioker. F. H.attention of the Commissioners to the movement, andto invite any person who might be temporarily under their care to avail themselves of its benefits.395 emi-optnlast evening a woman, named Robanna McGillobt,reportsmoking her pipe, when either aahes from her pipe ortotal dis- dress. Several parties, in the room, however, suc- made. But, from one cause and another, the mattertat«Washington Insurance Company had a risk on thesteamer is a mistake. The statement that turpentinewas taken on board to raise steam, on the occasion ofthe trial is also untrue. trip,of the Amount of Stock subscribed control over said Schools to the Local Boards. Each " Borne for Y'oung Deaf Mutes " announce that an Amount of Stock paid inCommunications were received from the school officers of the various Wards, nominating teachers for the Evening Schools, in accordance with the By-Lawsnext Spring.The annexed figures are from the annual report ofpassedat the lastmeeting, transferringManagersGodwln.'.Klngston,Jam., Marion, Whiting, Charleston, Sp.o~irard,>weeks of the term of the presentCoopering. There is not to be any charge for admlsaion.Mb. Lord's Lkctdbm.—Mr. Lord delivers theCost of Road and equipment, as by last reportCost of Road and equipment, as ent reportfor the remaining sixEvening Schools, and most of the teachers at present employed were renominated.by pres- Length of Road, including Brooklyn anda Female Physician, we hope w« shall^il^ ao bhs* «f SchooBcrsB.ITatsOB.WiUebT.Oarien,Jas.E.Ward woman'soverstepplnghersphereinenteringthemedi-examination of the children connected with the school of the Home as to their proficiency in their variousBarks Msyflowtr, Doell, Barbados, B. Trawbridn'istudies, will take at placeInstitute even- thislecture of his series on this evening, at Clinton" Madame de Malntenon, the Woman ofand the lecture is said to be one of the most briliiiuit and Interesting of the series.not present, and Capt. Lathau was reported to be;fourthRepresentative Women, Ball. His subject isofname FamxBicxs, and hailing from South-efreet, ap-troductionthe paper.ship-broker, calling hisBarytow A Pope.Steamer New-London, Smith, New-London, withpliedto purchase the vessel;brokers were about it, but FBxnBBicxa was accepted as the buyer. He gave John Latham as his prlnclpaL Thesalenotewasdrawnhis remarks he said":Steamer Ann Eliza, Robinson', Philadelphia, mdse. to J.AN.Briggaparents unbroken rest at night. Mc canappreciatethesebksslngs. WeareentliciyaYesterday evening about 5 o'clock, a fire broke signed it at their office. lie took the note away, and all their Intellectual men when become theyto Isaac OdeU.Ship Guy Mannering, DoUard, Liverpool Nov. 14, withtoo out in the seven-story building Nos. 26 aiul 28 Frank- returned it the next ba$iness day, signed and accepted. prominent, in order to preserve the balance of equali-piuchase money was paid on the llth of .<pril. —:saye kim. These wen three deaths and one birthknowledge."the removal of Capt. G. W. Smith;QEEST, the works ot:had not seen him since torallying tuiLed to the charge, and for several minutes thereBetolote, Freeman, Liverpool Nov. 11. passed Cowes Nov. 25, with mdse. and passengers to Wililams A Onionthe scuttle.CanUaa, Alabama, Mississippi, and Florida, signed by tirely for manufacturing purposes ; It was owned by Direct retumed—Tbe checks were indorsed John was a fearful confiict for the ascendancy. At the end Ship Zend. (Br., of Londonderry,) McConegle, Lon-were not accustomed to destroy such checks would, if not destroyed, be in the hands of the draw- ers.The case was adjourned to Friday. 1of and from Sds., in ballast to Nesmlth A Sons.removal of Messrs. Smith and Dxlavan. There wasIntense excitement yesterday upon the subject,and doubtleM the of the Board this even- proceedingsithnegUwiUrleabtenaetdtendedbylargeouTthseirdedieslnegoattmiouncshfriomm- Departments.mediate fear that the Charley Devlin regime can beto order. N. W. Kxperlenoed heavyTheSunday-school vocalists,requisitethe ernmpenstc.eof theof the Gov-inPendleton, for Sombrere, to load for New-Vork. On the 3Sth and 2ith November, in Mona Passaire, was in co.jof the late;thoywere in the and both subsided.greatest fury, tlireatening total destructionNos. 30 and 37 Frankfort-Street, oaught on An iiKportant caucus was held yesterday after- was continued but for a moment aad the matter was overboard, and was lost. Dec. 10, lat. 39 40, loa. 61,and a dropped by all. passed a large lot of pine boards and cedar shingles, apparentlynotIonsmthewater.Another Aldcrmaaie Cancas. TUBBTBEETC0MUISEIONEB8UIPAGAIN.liclyfreedom of speech is not so bad after alL"wasreceivedwithmingledhissesandapplause.which gren,seaman,ofSweden,fellfromtheforetopeailyard Nonegenaio*aaleasthetaa-aiaiUee(CUMnsAFEB'Mayorpresiding,stor>'. The firemen saved the adjoining build- majority (as it is claimed,) of the City 'Fathers being Kings CousIt Republican General Commit- Bark Tabita, (ot Eastport.) Merrill, Bordeanx Oct. IF.,ing Nos. 2J and 24 Frankfort-street. However, in If attendance." Txx—Tux Cocbsi or Congbibsman Bdhpbui In- with brandy, Ac.(to Brett, Son A Ck>. Experiencedthere must be "when the last wall of the burning building round the board, and nothing that may occur this SOKBZD. At very full meeting of this Committee, sagefell, it crushed in its fall the roofs of the buildings Nos. 10 and 32, owned by Jahis Sihlivan, and occupied byeveningshoulda;:tonlshus. TheMayorisanxioustotheresolutionsPiiee«ily36 centsperbsttle.jirgumentsrangement for extinguishing fires, consisting of Tliosc who profess to be posted in Aldermanicmittee, for his manly and patriotic coarse in firmly op- posicf; all humiliating and degrading compromlaea.Resulved, That the Republicans of this County nsffii-m their unwavering adherence to the principles or the Chi-Bampton Roads. Dec. 16, OTiJon. 26, spoke brig Kate, from Liverpool, far New- York.Bark Caphne, (Nor.,) Larsen, BelCut 66 ds., in bal- last to order.Auctioneer of Literary Property, /—Thebuildingwasprovided withanewpati'ntedar-^>eratloB among the Southern States.A recoudderaticm was moved, and lost.Mr. Dblaxit's bill, protecting the citizens of Georgia buUdlng, having a connection with each floor, the ob- impossiblewhich the outside of the passed up alongsecrets, openly ridicule the attempt as an absurd andsteam-pipes,ject being to put out a fire in any part of the building by flooding the room in which it was discovered withstea^n. But,unfortunately,thisarrangementwasnotAtlantic, (of New-Haven.) Fort-Mayor, they say,cannotcagoPlatform,believing and theany permanencySpain,so,big cheating—a held on Tuesdayvery heavy W. N.W. and S.W. galea dnrlhg the pas-one. Themore than four out of the seventeen votesand countrythatconcessions madeBrigDec. 26 and 1«7.at o'clock.for and no matter how many Aldermen may enter his caucus, when it comes to the sharp push of voting, there will be found asoUdSons, of New-Bavrn. Sid.co. with schr. ChristopnerPaintings, SketchesA,. AVAc«.hear,lat.Gu 74 Br. /Sabih,byAlbert WilHams.John Oearden. John MeUroy. ^CHARLES W.ISAACP.WILLIAMS, }Inspectors. JAMES WATSON, ) _ ._ _ra THE WORLD.BOOKSTOKK CHBAPB8TLEO«AT BB0THKB3A. Gray, of Kansas, and H. C. Jordan and J. D. W. Pfnngest. of London, Bnc , and Jules Faivre, ofuMatl-Orleans,are at the Hotel Diez.tive of human life an I the only certa'n cvire Is Hm.-LAWAT'a Celebrated T-^getabla Pills, which lewe thebowels in an optn and healthy state. Fifty Puis for ba1liui.t ; »tb, bark Jnhn K>rr, for Bdehos Anai^elect woiUd not havenal was the discus- report' finally adopted. Pendingsion. Supervisor Smith opposed the proposed increase of (alary, and referred to the troublesome state of the times as a reason, which called out Superviaor Caooix in a strong and hopeful Uaion speech.The Committee on General Taxes was directed toy«aa a*> fant. H. U. MeKeaile, Or. A. HcNolty, Ul-ia C. Kogon. onBagging application and iodastry. Dnrioc tfaiatlma.P. Rejcon. J. Hclaevn. Mrs. Sacnerisan, Jaa. Wilaon, L. Trftoaa. Richard Haitley.Faaaeacera Arrlred*Dee. 18.—ill steamsiij) Atlantic, from Southampton andCiiy JudgeaecepttdP. 3 Wtlch,MTS. Wilson, infhat andmeasures forassessment of the water tax, when the Board ad-opinisa. greatest discoveries tm aad-Isiportance to ths tiaasiidlseovery made by the ^atariiB.Brooklyn,their cars to Bunter's Point instead of South Ferry, itJ. R. W. Kmith,was anticipated that thewoald bechangehas been delayed, and it Is now announced that the chaige of route cannot be made before next Summer. The reason of this Is that Mr. LirOHnxLS, the con- tractor for the new route, has not been able to com-the Island Railroad Longcarriedengagements. The track is nearly allas IaaSwith hisdone before the Railroad Company wlU accept ths work. This work cannot be done while frost is in thementally. ^pealplyComi>any Capital Stock, as by charter:Floating Debet, as by last reportAmount now of Debt FloatingDodge, Jarvls, Trinidad, A J. Peters102,413 65.2,000 Road and re^Expenses of operating the Road. Earnings-FromPassengers.$192,56591131,037 Payments-For transportation 188,652 79Uad ofcantile- Library Association, in the Athenaeum. Hissome half-a-dozen subject was " Man and Climate." In the course of mdse. to E. B. BoekweU.and Itscourse. Bat here Is an in the fifth door of the [The bill of sale and bioker'fi note were offered as ty and keep the people at peace. In civUlzed coun- >m,dseA.ndarndew18M1cKpalssveDngye,rssetoamRaonb,erftellG.ovTearyoloarr.d,Naonvd. and which is harmlessarticle which works ta peifNtia*.; forthesleepwhichitaffordtbaACTION IN FATOB Ot COoPEBATION AKONQ THI 80DTHIB1I 8TATI8, KTC.MuunoiviLLi, Saturday, Dec. 15,liveryTberahasbeenameetingofthemembersofthe intheshelving,butspreadwithsuchrapiditythat nothingmoretodowithher; theprovisionswere CuKTXs,wasmuzzledInthismanner."previously removed from on board ; tho checks given Iiiglslaliiiii favoring cooperation, and urging a Con- the employes of Mr. E. O. Jinxinb, the printer, who in payment for the Cora were in the name of Marcasemuzzle. Instead of them. An instaooe of the ; hanginglatiei method occurred a fewsinee at Phlladel- pbia, when his (the lecturer's) friend, Mr. G. W.the on board the amsrg passencersThis created considerable excitement.and hisses greeted the lecturer's ears. At first the applsufe predominated, but the hisses re-i><^' : A.J.H»f%o';PaiLAOXtpBiA, Wedn«9daT. Flocbunchanged. Wbbaifirm;Into,8TABLK.ng. In a frame stable, ewoalby J. A. SanO)^ :OA>ty Jail Court- room, Raymond-street, President that caannt bo drilled. No. 251 Broadway, corner rTMJt:"' Bo't'". for Kew-IVlMn., jS. V; jSSSL.OB Sl(lMk.«T«Baa. near ntr-«MM»^lnat. A'""''•; «a'«a«»^ lo' P'ovidenc.) Win^M^Sj m^lRl"-!"' ^<":''"d-) Dyer, do., MarihiTwaS; Hln^Iey. do.: F.liola. (ot NeJr-Orleaas. IdV aZS! i?*''."'•'iMeKoDale.do.; AdolaSTBeSuwr^^ meath.)Robeit.oB,do.: HeBifaii,heTe. TaylgrdT>^narketakyTelegraph. BAUiHOaa. Wednesday, Doc. 10.w-41. CITYsKmrn.~WChubch of thk Epiphany Ladies'FloubOhio, ft Rod, $1 IB C«a* salesFreeFAia.—The ladles of;Whltp, $1 a0'3$l 40.Board was heldCa^ZLL In the chair. After the usual preilmlaary Murray-stieel, New-yoik._iron—the only materialla thebwlness had been disposed of, and bills had been pre- sentedandreferred;acommunicationwasreadfrom Mr. Cahpbill, Sheriff elect of the county, asking for alined with patent orystaUzedliafflhlnyesterday afieraooa,new safewas referred to the Committee on Aooounts. The «$l;City MUls, $4 623*6.The communicationWBBAiduUamountnowDec 19. White, $1 20entrance of siMSii the profe:Bien of medicine, and every dsy Inrisasisthe Lathe InequaUtyAatre.—His. J. B.Coscens, Mad. F. i)e Laskyiie and son. John J. Tovn- B«sd. Mrs. Drake Mills asii Chas. Plerson, la-to Jan.LoNO Island Railboad—Change or Boun.— dy • nd danghtfrs, C. 6. Onntt er and laoy. S Brown. 'T.1861.daughter,journedWhen the Long Island Railroad Comi>any decided to Ganticr, Geo. Kaugbman, Jr., Capt. Oodtiey, Cast. Bax-3,icine of theit la of aaoreBark Lucy Blng, Thnrlow, Cardiff 38 ds., with railroad too old a traveler to have a new sensation, but iron to older. Dec. 4, lat. 43 30, Ion. 64 20, passed aNim^a.- Steel En- partofthefourthfloor,loss$100;noinsurance. early CassimerePanbi. Schr.C.B.Jones,Cromwell,Portland7 C.^n'liJi^3VovorL-i..si-lct-aiao-.'B^t.eeMlijPEi^rl^^damage $400;great success, to awaken among the auolence a UvelyBusiness Coats. 500 Velvet Vests.^ ^F?lS?l^J?-7?P^?aacm?S/^S^ A='^sis5'5r.rhfe'|.S|}\J^l^«f;THE MINUTE-MEN OF VIRCUNIA. NoMoix, Wednesday, I>ec. 19.The Convention of Minute-Men, consisting offrom Norfolk and Princess Anne $500. ViETCK * Co.occiqiledpart of the second floor.large delegations ilamage$300; insured for $2,800. Sixth floor—G»o. tianity, _Counties and the cities of Norfolk and Portsmouth, NzGEAvn, envelope manufacturer, lo» $5(10 : fully in- The DIfllcBlty ia tke CalTeraity MedicalFifth flooi—ANDXESOH * AaOHlE, book-bmdiDg, loss its behalf:said to be insured. CoUegc.The tenement buUdlng Nos. » and B7 Fcankfort- The course of Prof. Dbapib in the unpleasant strcet was damaged about $194. BiNBT Hnsiiinaa- dUBculty between him and Dr. AiUTri having been xa, one of the tenants, stistained about $50 damage Indorsed by nearly all the students from both sectionsit is damaged about $300;Company. loss of $25$500 In thefrom Rotterdam John Byant, from Hamburg bark Commltte*. !"<>"«;insured for his $500 in the City lofuraoce considerresignation and resume hli lectures afterDr. Ailittx has ceased his caonectionSagVm. Fhaix, Secretary.___^Company. Among thetenement houte tlie greatest dismay at one time ex-isted, but fortunately bo lives were lost. withfortyfamilies thisoccupying the holidays.SavannahStar, fraa Glasgow.Oaiding bark Arrow,gineer Dkoixk Immediately ordered out the ExemjjtCompany, using their steam fire-engine John G. Storm, and Manhattan, No. 8. There is nothing known as tothis City for the South, ijid who, it was understood,, PHlLAnBLPBIA. Dec. 19 —Below—bark Sea Bagle.an- re-manifested been closed at 1 o'clock in the afternoon. A gentle- Their names were registered as followslAlmUiMMl.) Nattibal Uistobt orKoBxarB^oni. jsecretsHes. 6»o. P. BroisMAa, )AT&"2?SS?K*^rW2?gn^Sy?&a-g^i5^M5.r^£S5;GBTH8EMKNEL^-r^^iSfeS-." 2S rTo?otAm*uepTlEiHSt»AK«n|K^i|«"„"rjf"will.ataaMiaabv BtraiirrriCo., In whichactually took leaveWiiBH, Lancaster District, S C; J. R. Evans, Ches-S. C; J. W. Gloveb, S. Newburg,it originated, had only three man was on the ground in the beghming of the fire,bythatconveyance.Mr. JzHEias, the owaer of mcnt, states that yesterdayterfield District;C. It was ttated that others would probably leave by Ihe railroad, and still others would follow ih a fewthousands of skulls, busts, etc.. from all portraits,of the world, flatheaded includingoccupied by him as a and''?fe''f ""».'"pii, clergymen, ncsdaj, Jan. 9. In Coleman A Co.'s line, lying "f/to press-room,;master, is loading for San Francisco, to sailin the mnnthai Qa yesterday evening two gins and a ne^ro by strorg smeU of smoke! HcSSed ttl man w^e^ Col. P. BoUe, of Hartford;ing JloitbaiB men who have been in the country out a few ajor Bilea arooad. The Tlgllaoce Commtttae were aaoB nader aims, and proceeded to the room of tkrceone of his pressmen, hisCity. K. B.Victor Emanuel and others;r ware fired 4iiaitarran downreply, MtJt^^TlZm^? Englar.d. and Mr. Plerson and faimly, of France, are,. steering E.. Dec. », «•"•elsforsalc at the door. Price Wc^^_^the printing estabUth- evening, about tfeaty up stairs to Uie sixth floorCa-Egyptian mummies, Balar ce Dock forUiat wWle talk- attention was Httnu-tmlArrival*the .w/^T-Kt"*"" ^TM'?' f^^ ">« l^ter looking to one Texas J. B. Alexander, of Uio U. s. A.theUniversity.forty-ievenSoutiiemto leaveBelow—ship Herbert,:steadyHoward-street at 95;27Ship (ileDdower, Emerton,The primaries to elect members of the above Com-mittee lor the were held in the several ensuing year,Wards and Towns lest eveniiig. It is understoodthat the candidates indorsing the sentiments expressed dsB.riwgithmolassostoB. Chnrhill. ofTaPpo'retvl,and, to which of PalntlnES of the la: eput Into this portwho at first turned the steam on to tho will be time enough for the Mayor to look after the been in successful operation in the rooms of W. H. Brig Kate. (Br., of St John, N. B.,) Kare, LiverpoolThis delay was cauECd by a mistake of the When the new Board comes into power, they think,with bark Cordelia, bados.of and forPhiladelphia,from,that eoilaem Also, by'order ot Executors, the Rsidae of the GsUerjB'k*Jf ShSespeareGems-.from them deducing the moral that young 6,000 ds., heading. ShsXespeare. Jtngravmgs.^interest in the objects of tile Mission. Interesting reminiscences of Ills on-nHe gave someeflorts in 2,1)00Schr. Seven Brothers, (Br.,) Telford Prevldenoe 2 ds.men much In the cause of Chris- might accomplishGloucester, with fish. Schr. B. Butler. Crossly, New-Haven, for Virginia. Sloop Harriet Corwin, Bristol 17 houi-s, with mdse.Out of signedtheagreement^would in the steamer AfnrUm, an in-Havana ; N. B.Rockland, for New-York, with a load of lime, went ashore on Heiarsiyt«^^.^.£.^go yesterday, docement being a reduction of $2 each for tickets,^ IHiseellBBeaaa.f^tivVco-^SSe-days.There was no demonstration made.partsrlbs, Chinamen, Esquimaux,Indians, boxers,lisloD.) was yesterday afternoon taken on the (^reai repairs.^Sgg.^press repUed Uiat the floor belcrv? w m on ton and family, of South Carolina Mr. Westhead, of ;scriptionsof character, dally.Spoken, dee. Empire-ship, (of Searsport,)sta&s to tile toirth - fl^rrwhere "e in<"> fire.M)artinent,«hich was thattown is now under arms, the military are parading occupied by Basiett A Dyer, of Paris, and ('apt. Abbott, of Nebraskaately formed anemploye of Wiii, & Co who ,at tie Metropolitan Hotel.Of course our assortmentof Tool Chests for which 23 27, loB 69 ao.T,«. 1 lat. Dec. » '•'•erne bf tht name of Hamlin, tie aUun ua-inoum, mid took tktm and hung tkm to the first tret,•ad o/terward cut them doum and Imricd tktpt. The fL^.„, ,m"k'"°^*.u'" ">« door of the burning of Richmond, Va.; C. V. KeUey, of TexasttrpenUTM,;fit them?fW«;>;'S^'V''\''"'J'^f "^Gould,up 40 to16, loD. 45. Mercurj—*hip,.1. v'i"t"h'.•for Iif'ih;iil»adoclipphmi.», coroerMcuotedTbrSSTr CaroUna;Co., daguerreotype ea.sc m:!nufaclurers. Mr. Jr^i,y< l-Trv, arc at tiie Fifth-avenue Hott'i.Turicarora-ahil" Ir.-in I.irorpool,. l"t. '^3 !:, hm- ".Prof. McKean, ofMaineJ.of South,. .. Kosnos— bark, bormd E., was •ignalised.;leading ^o. IS. The Sea Nymph, lu the same line, is : J.C.Comp- men. ExanUnations,withchartsandfuUwrittende-Ilopkinaon.of statesmen, and other Young, lawyers, phvsicians,nearlyrun-H. D. of Florida; L. D. Craashaw, we are so famous Is as good as ever. We;Untitled Document;all and warranted L. B. oursclve.x. The tools are good.li^nnd E., exchanged Bigna"Inn. 70 in. ,atSo'elaek. OLMSTEAD. PresWent.Terri- Capt, Isai.Jifor the IfolidavB. Cosovra & Waleib, No. -171Dec. IS. lat. :a 42. wa.« r K"*!; Hci i'',Anrnpr A.'iIccn, Til l-"^5,000CasslmeieAT And imaaa .Cost•Of Manufacture,66Fulton-streetSchr.S.tlLED—Bteamships Asia, for Llverwol (and passed the Battery at \2\ P. M.;) Marlon, for Charleston.WIND-Dnilngthe day, N. to E. N. K.By Telesraph. NEW-ORLEANS, Dec 18.-Arr.. ships' S'ate of Maine,cut the if applied. Also CuUcry, <tc., fingers properly(ThunHaj) KVENINft, '^.jy-'pjyjjjj^Vests.Jndve Tennsy, Foss. Belfast, Ue.. 7 ds , staves.;:obvleas advantages aiisUg from thenew Patent Bnrslar-proof; ship*iMy,,Mwib,do!,iSilta. r^TM^,^ V Gormaola. TowaMind, do., jfi. si mSSSiM RaUroad, M( ; PaansylvanU Rallraad. 153<. Exchange «• New-York at I)i«l% « cent.tn^;Manis Canal,:Lon(; bat' r'faasfslallj..and run ter, C. Schmidt, L Baialt, W G.TompklDS, C. K.Smlth, in the last hundred years. Conuaon obaerration »«-»rfweak bothsteam-lighter Alpha laid, but there is a large amount of work yet to be 8aaayHook.l3 4t|aeT.Iihuid. I34IHCII SaU... 268 incapacitated both for stody and labor. Now, we$3,000,000 003,000,000 001,852,715 70 den s BoothBleared.Wal- LOW'S Soothing syrap Is used ni Tm. That it kt jasfethe article needed is the testiiwmy which rsacbss aa daUy from those who have tried It. and nnto some isea- ber of the FacnUy can produce an article whlA sball<Bilses.... >X|BbbssU.... .tbey grew npB.,:Oailos Albert, (Port.,) Ma-4_ ai^ WAna-iau bat.physically andSeas 6.W. C. E.:Llna. Stecagrafe, Qloncester. ; Awni^, HamUton,CODStantinOvIe, V. Axarian A Co.^ Bilga J. e. Aodeiaon, King, Fanaadlna. SmaUwood, equal In exeeUence the resott of the long ipiiilsiic <C Earl a Co.: La Fayoilta, (Dnioh,) Prince, CoiaooA, Jos.> oiks' SonsBdmlatoB Bros. .Delhi, (Bi.,) Crosby, Westport, Ireland, * Co.; Flings of Wales, (Br.,> Ghlsbolm. St. John. S.« rod. Uontevioto, G. 8. ColtMiller h Bonghton; J. W. Consdon. WlubuBs. Sanwith Iron to Wm. C. pigSyrup for the benefit of oar We know Its good value, aadTrinidad,get to tnrcats and menaces, would be equally destructive to Not. 23, with old metal add oocoa to H. Trowbridge's By order of Administrator, the entire collection of4l>d>.. with saltacdW.galesdnrinirthepassaee. Dec.9.1st.32,loB.69CArjv, No. 176 Atlantic-street, oppositedelvieinoinntgoithweillmbaenycoantirnaucelldonasnowthiecrhnihgahvt.e cIrnowaddeid- foBrrNiogwIYBorirskk.,,7B^r., of Halifax,) Payne, Kingston, CONTINUATRIOINCOHFFMAHMMCOrTHOOHOODU8.^YSALXOFtheir spacious rooms titus far there will be a(he(Tharaday,)Jam., 23 ds,, with co^ee and pimento to Leycraft A Co.a assortment ot the richestmusical Hasencountered heavyweather. veryevCeormopureirsfidnagt aoeltarlgaen In thi<These goods an oovslgned to ssby Oeiaporten di-rect, wltn orders to sell without regard to cost. Catalogues now ready at salesroom, No. S4 Cedar-st.F. F. Dufaie.Brig BiUow, Eodgdon, New-Bedford,D;Kltts, Biid, (Br.,) Lockhart,was dlsmatted. cargo shllted, and on her beam ends.EothenE,mily St. Conly,REV. SYLVANUS COBB THUS WBITKS IN " BOSTON CBBISTIAN FBBXMAN."Mas. WniBLow's Booraiaa Sxasp.—Aia an tks cis^ho read the Freeman acquainted whAthlaaittele*Name, Portiand, forwith coal Potomac, Gray, EUiabethport, with coal forSchr. Thomas Welch. WoodrulT,;;ua la Grande. Kecsington, from Philadelphiafrom Calcutta from Rio Grande, for Salem.fcIsland this mominx, about 3 o'clock. She is lying The stemming President has gone to her assistant.The 'a C"'" steamnhlp Florida, (previously reported.C, 6d9„KBCGER,).Bal-(^^lkSo^.l^^iiAyimAaii.0..:Locdon • iai.r.i^E'.^^^',," a 00 S^d'^^J^.^aJ^/s^f i%ai.°"SSutiiil C.^^, „:Steamer Ironsides, Vanderveer, Philadelphia, with to the prevalent praetioe of dragging intuts, and 1Applause Island and Sandy Bookwould not be witboat ittnm titrtblncblowing very heavynotlost and spUt sails, store bul- lost bead rails. Ac.heard mothersbirth of the child till It had finished witt the siege on any considerations whatever.;say theythf.field.whohaveIn thepast untiring,th..»|^ishe has a eompoudedage family than any otheristxaggledprogreaSoothing Syrup, for ehUdraa onght is immortalise her nasK. Itia the most perfect thing of the kind, in oar CTcrteethinc, which;would by no means reaonuasndwhich we did net know to be good—paitiealarlr for in-We have spokenreaders who are parents.have experienced some of the rich blessings which nsaltcomprising, exelosively, Bar-1 artist.SEwaCsONof thisected wliboat oppositions^i^^s^sr^^^^^fd^^froKk^mlsdce*"rol"W*I www.fultonhistory.com 