 •IB TM»»others. In their equality, such an idea, if itbutter, with molasses all over it" *For our own port, we had no fdea, pre-grounds o f pbllaoihrophy a n d humanity; b a tviewing it in reference to international law, it isas pure a case ot nltbusterism as any that hasbeen attempted on this side of tbe Atlantic.If Sardinia did not exactly encourage, she didnot seek to prevent her people embarking inthis expedition, and, considering that «ne is toshare largely in tbe results, her passiveoess isas much a violation of her international obliga- not seem to know that it absolutely furnishes tions as more active sympathy. Snould Gari- evidence convicting himself of the most re- baldi succeed in his invasion of Naples, as he markable negligence in the conduct of the hasdoneinSicily,andtheentire kingdom be Post Office Department All the testimony..NEW YOKE HiHALIi, SATURDAY, JUNK 16, 1860.-1KIPLE SHEET.NEW YORK HERALD.K»lit of ieccivirg moeey frrra l-^ur dealers ere ot St B*r* . "3c»- »i* RtlUirj". • ;i#xt bgainet warm processeshave been isemot.au! in week. Tb?j kt'i-d ff W->? Hua>r *-1 c*ve-te:.f us ffnr ail tn*«e companies, after acquir- frg r c v ^ . snfl *»•* Mayor Wood is awaUli*: euergth uibugh support by the press, in hie §iory fingert&c atuaud tuaimg the de vi i f kgeiLtr !J pillage the public and bully psrtesects. Mr. Weed's tw o most potent *ft» govrttijnrei.t. But we desire all interests eremite have been removed from his path to lave a fair tUrce, and if any means conbo by accident-first Mr. Sickles, and now Mr- cW:tfl to prevent their combining, and thus Fowler. These *ei e unqnestionably the ablest.iiLiu « m iTuum 140.•tesd of executing Ihe prtKctsea they have been# AMKS I 0 1 B 9 1 BKVVSTT, in many instance* returned. The Sheriff h%% Conventioa m*t 1h- betra^d Uoue'is «t71mZ2*lZ2Z^i£~»~i>»for five years, having pleaded gatltj ty pt•»*'.', 0 J Abe Libcol- President of the tJoited Statu, the object for which they are mo«t ef-mrafrg be carried Out.THS fitocm-KS OK THS EOROPKAN Dxdrora — Efforts are being made to impart to the fresh dff Acuity raised by Russia with Turkey a degree of importance which it does not merit There is no real intention oa the part of the former Power to place herself s o soon egaio i n antagonismwith England on this question. The Em-peror Alexander must be conscious that he hino nearer the Accomplishment of the pot pro-jects of Riissis in the East than his father waa,and he ia not one of those men who are ready'0 ran groat risks for the attoiament of remoteobjecta. The present squabble—-for we can giveit no more serious designation—if not originallyinstigated by France, has assumed the little im-portance that it possesses from her advice andcountenance. ItisconvenientforLouisNa- thirgaboutihem;wehavenopersonalpredi- poleon just now to create a diversion whichore received, owt tbe BaaPH«ot eoUto to of hto«»tollowiif to tr<« arwsttotst-srattiMfc.-al ether cai.dic' %r?•- twforw <_a Chtrireto- n o o s AMD ruor&arro* ordered all motif y received from \U\iu>r d»*Ur* io Cbarteo'.or., a r d int<»ro fln^h him oft at Bel-this way to be refunded, and threatened to di*mi*taw WABSAO ASI* FULTOH STS* ailrab-sheriflWwho shall hereafter receive any timore. where tt*j v:u rbfat Di. kiti«»- o«&J5£*?£S»« * » * * » « a/etc* •»•<** A a*.*HKMALDO* *•hare bees married to him. sad bisc«uus*i pm duced affidavits of Wilson G. Hunt, Daniel P. T» mann, and other well knows citizens, who te-tif*lfectively labcri-g.THE SCARLET Lxr:sit Ao<ux -WanoVi it_AMVsnutrri n i l •YSWT»«.rTUn.rvBOaBTlaVS.lOruiri Vi -*iA QAFttTB.wunas oiiDO, iwinj CaauAO.WAUJACVB TBBATBS,LASAA *mWS*S T a t a r M , « L*B-OValifUUIatOiSW.to imprbonment in the same institution for five year*. ___„»_»»«_»_-_»-_»_-__,m « Vote aw7t eaiaic on tfc* Pitald«nt. The course of the House of Representativesdental criticisms of the journals, independent and otherwise, forms one of the most curious and instructive chapten of current political history. Weed treat* Greeley like the child who wan Eupposed to be always crying forwith tbe view of so reorganizing the different departments that the heads of each will co- operate with himself in the management of the partyWBW awnm* »w*f.-3»u> pw»-i«r«w.i Fa aca-Beaintoa CMS—.SAAVUMS AMtmiOAJijraanM, aYeadway.--Jarand Branter-SwaM CutTMB-OLS HMMfT-UTiX* QllOH- TIM. OftSAT . XT* tolhSTKBLA. S M M W Hall.CI Broadway - Ooavriuroi-foiei, Dasna,*Chungry in a corner, while smooth, sleek, boot- lickinf, term-serving little chaps like Ray- mond gobbled down all the plumbs, and put their fingers to their noses in a distressingly annoying and insulting way at the same time. Weed, poor little thing, was in the same bentlections or sympathy with any individuals intbe matter of removal from office; and if, withdurtog the attack oa ito~ PrSe*. *oS ef was Many weaoatA, sat, OM of htovrSLOt SAI.OOW, Bwadway -fttn. CnwiTi Xni- ecaaaa i*froMfc,Uavcae, 'Turnofficers of the United States, and directs themode in which that shall be oonducted; but itisthetheoryofourpolitical system thattheexecutive, legislative and judiciary powers your turn, and after a limited period, cayTWrT-I CFMAQIC,Mlway-rMnmJ*ooet.•Pontweep,sonny;Baveyourmoney;cheer up, andstand by; there are a lot of us just as badlyoffasyouare. Beagoodboy;waitforMew TMfc. » » t « * » r , Jauae ! • • 1 W 0 .House, or the Senate, or the judiciary, or either can censure any or all of the others. Suppose this practice were to creep Into theWe are quite satisfied now that Weed is a pore, disinterested patriot, and we suppose the Che- valier Webb and Raymond will desire tobefrom them. IntheGenera]Sooaioosyesterdayfcu»r>«ieaV.Mw**<********** ******* He waa confronted by two ladies who cteta.ed "»nwellastheothers. T_e Rege-oy willtotJbe g've tl>ecountry apioepect offuture compe- and most dangerous rivals ofoMsyoc Wood.trfS atwl0te f MiThere it no man iu the dunocra'ic party lathisgrnwirg n&BsUtiavnp. commerce, let it by all city now who can cope with him in energy end ffae asaalcharge of Thaddeus Hjatt, the contumacious wiu.c-sj._ud aieaolution in accordance with the sugge&tio-wasadopted.TheLighthouseAppro-priation bill was passed. A remonstrance from utterly fallacious. There Is no identity what- New York relative to the pilot laws was presented.The tar* bill waa taken up and dlscusaed by ever in the character of the two bodies. Theto Venetia, Hungary and all the other oppressed nationalities ?These arethe considerations wUich impart to the revolution at present being worked out in the two £iciiiee such a dangerous impor-revelations and admissions o f tbe Postmaster General, himself one of the Cabinet. Here wasaregularsjstemofdefalcationgoingon from quarter to quarter for five leara or more, upon a plan which must have been known to seme of the officials at Washington, and ought to have been known to and corrected by the head of tbe Post Office Department Mr. HoltStatesthatteaeawawawatoaalgwvatamaatwillbrsifcOB. lbs Untoad States aloop-of war Saratoga tailed for Pa«» delpluaootheidinat,aadthsBrockJLratooahercaaraidownthecoastwithauatotorafelaaaoahoard.Itwi from Havana.NBW Oauaas, JOBS 14, IBMThe steamship Granada, from Havana 11th taStoat, AM arrived, bringing the California malls ofto* SMbtb.Sugar was Arm at S a lOtf reato far yellow. Buck it Havana and Mataniu of all kinds 3M.0C0 DSKM, agates* 4Q6,CC0 last year.Terrabie Toiatado 1st Kansas Jjuvsawona,Jane16USALykona county, Kansas, was visaed by a terrible toru do on the 8th icat., at 3 A. Msatisfied until they have completely r-»i^ed ihe Cbapte, alias Close, was sent to tee State prists democratic party, aad ssioce'tded in essvtitgti»*« L ir. the conveys! ce of our immense aadatbeY psm ten*a>kmmro»DMM<:*,XT-lti , 1 ' Mr aWO— foam*!* C W W W W W H I to his respectability. A fail account of the deve- PIT TO GR*EtXT.—We give place to day flerW«de M<-Jt»arlopemeata made in court in reference to his pre the reply of Thuilow Weed to the very re- vioua hiitory will b e found elsfw!»ere. AmelialloreH. a notorious shoplifter, was alio sentenced ntalkable Greeley letter, which, with the inci-Perhaps Mayor Wood has succeeded In ing arrangrments with the Board ofin passing a voU> of oensure on the President Sherman's lozenges. Greeley, according toBut Theyhavenothing_todowiththemunicipalm one which must awaken the attention ofevery right thinking man to the dangerous anddestructive vortex into which the black repub-lican party la endeavoring to carry the coun- the cake was to be divided, were sent away try.theseo r emerelypoliticalmovements.It is not necessary for us to enter upon an elaborate discussion of the question, whether, not the House alone, but even Congress Itself, has the constitutional right to pass a vote ofcensure on a coequal branch of the govern-may distract the attention of people from the formidable proportions of the game which is being played out in the south of Europe.There has been no event within toe memoryof the present generation which has been lessaccurately measured in its consequences than(he insurrection inSicily. The circumstancesthat led to the campaign in Lombardy couldallbereferred to diplomatic necessities. Inthe present instance no such excuse can be al-leged in defence of Garibaldi's expedition* or hto eonradts, to p*. vent bis detocUos, cat off hto 1ment. The constitution provides for impeach- with the lachrymose Horace. So he pats the ac-JiPAJina ment of the President, Vice President and civil Tribune philosopher on the back and says,to protect itaalfaaAthto place frcm atsaan, guard f before, but have been always contending for— have been •atohltohed along the road to Teddowe caie not how many political assassinations guard armed with aauskets. SuUdmgtogotagforwardtoagreatextent.arecommitted. Itwouldnottroubleusinthe Gotairotooaeofthemoatj»wtrfulmtaiatheesaffeaoatRATIO.VAL CO»ima» BALOOJt, Bnnontl Theatre— loia. Duett, KtlUKau A*.rALe.CZ OA&DIW, rwaateeaah etveet-vaaai. i n I* BeeSMtirfAl. COKCeBT. _ _ _ _ _ _OOANBB O f T«aT*B«TH STRSIT ANO POUBTHBAOADWaT -CALUOWU OOUI Minnra SX- possessessupervision overthe conductoftheleastifeveryefficerundertbeCorporation turned out, decapitated, squelched.roles talrty-Svs prevtiocsF E W 8 FROMBUKOPJSthe theory that any one of themMorally, of course, it can be defended, on the THE PofrTausTBR GBNFBAL AND THS NEW Arrival eff a. aveaaacr otr Cap* Ki8r Jossra,N.f, Ja»It,ltSS AStftmer's reported eff Cape Race. *\a U ii ualw-ttrod that tbs oew» boat hat gone *or *»r dearateWTbe Unf» east o' DalaM e!oe«? with >ut glvlag ua a woreof tbe rx[trttc wawa.—Rerojoxa Tii* GreatBofTosr, Jan* IS, ISMJ H Vales, Secrttory of (ha Great EaB«ara Bwawawato Company, was raaaeager by the Niagara Ha toaweatavmeciattlytorNewTor*.Hews Ctoan anaxaeo.Kaw 00UU59, Jons *i, ISM.a r ea n dof t h enowhere do we find ground for donkey, and a good big piece of bread andgovernmentco-ordinate,forty y«»us, you shall have a ride on thecould exist, would lead to the most prejudi- viously, that Greeley was so mercenary, TRIPLE SHEET. cial consequences. If the House can censure and Weed so self-sacrificing and magnanimous;the President, the President can censure the but we have to live and learn in this world.ihe »«wi.The proceedings of ^ougress ye»terd*y are in- customary action of these several bodies, counted in the tame ring. Weed's peroration,tereMicg. la l_e*3eBite, majority and minority what confusion, what petty wrangling, what regretting the appearance of the Greeley letter,report)* from the Borptr* Ferry Investigating constant mutualdenigration anddegradation Committee were presented. Altnongh containingbecause "itdestroys ideals of disinterested-nees and generosity, which relieved politicalTheicbooaerS'arhas an'.vcA hare *oh VeraOat declared annexed to Sardinia, the next ques- given before the Covode Committee, Intended dates of the Sth teat.batUule tintisnew.jetwegiveabstractsofjofailthebranchesofthegovernmentshould iaga. The commiUee recommended the dis- fulspiritof party.Weed, was not, however, the only one of Mas- ter Seward's good little boys who worked early and late at their tasks, and then, whengovernment, a n d affect objects of the politicians.only t h e designs and Hence we care no*'bout a n e k . « . Prtota OcwAreTwtoa^'bto^L fro. haprtraied-,rua«toit*ptfcc.toTadAo, ?VaaSToTT S S t t S f t t atotVaaan'wSSto. u>dseveraloae*csaid*woosrfad,tododtoftotPMZ amcagthelatteraum.ber.TtaauardtoaeVtWMS!lifefromsomuchthatisselfish,sordidend Uu.sedecomentaInourreportoftheproceed-|wenotwitnessunderthestimulusofthebane-rapacious/'isgood.Putthatalongwiththelead?MayitnotbeappliedwithequalreasonandCabinet,isasnothingcomparedwiththetheTreasuryhasresigned,aaditUbelievedthaitf(atThe claim that it is one of the prerogativesof the House, In defence of which precedentsof theBritishHouse ofCommonsarecited,is affair between Greeley, on one aide, withand Seward, backed b y Weed, Raymond andUeatrt. Hunter, Bigler, Cameron and Seward, and one exists by virtue of certain defined powers, the Chevalier Webb, on the other, is highly tance. In the. uncertainty which prevails infl_aiV postponed by s vote of 25 to 23, which dis- formally delegated by the people of the Unitedregard to the pelicy of the French Emperor,it would be madness for the German sovereignsimportant It is the first chapter in the history poses of the subject for the present session. States. The other is a body that has grown up yet to be written of the circumstances atten-to suffer these daring infringements of what puts the blame, though very gently, on some tbey consider the principles of European or- of the auditors and assistants; but the public,der to be cairied to any greater lengths. Tiiey we think, will be likely to heap more censurecan clearly trace,ifthey will, fromthemo-ment when Louis Napoleon assumed the reins to expect their removal.of power in France, the march of a new order Again, Mr. Holt insinuates that the UnitedLB U.? House another—the third-Conference in the once absolutist political system of En- dant upon the emancipation of the ptess from Committee on the Homestead hill was appointed. gland, where it has, from time to time, and the control of the politicians. Thirty yearsThe bill authorising the i-rae of land warrants in availing itself of favorable circumstances,ago the party leaden managed the press almost entirely. TheyboughtaneditorforBOmuch money (Greeley's price was a thousand dol- larsperannum); the editor waspurchasedincases where the or ginal have been lost or destroy-usurped powers formerly exercised bytheupon them than the Postmaster General, anded was passed. The PaciSc Telegraph bill was crown. These usurpations it has made in thetaken up aad d-cassed. A motion to lay the bill name of the people, and every one was a bold,freewooldevelopements abeut Weed,andthe contrast is charmingly dramatic.tionwillbe,towhatisthisprecedentgoingto toproveeversomuchagainstthePresident the!dtatroubleintheJuareaoabiaei TheMtototaraf Ifextoaatreat?toantraiatadaythe8aaatoof lbsCoOtoAstothemeritsofthegeneralquestion,theonly his old white coat to depend upon,onthetablewasnegatived—70against120,andtheHouserefusedtoconcurintheSenatesamendment startling,andsometimesrevolutionaryinnova- thesamemannerasafat negroto workona ofideasandofanewpolicy,alikefataltothe StatesMarshal ofthedistrictwas derelictin andmuchdamagedose.by a vote of 83 against 104. The House sgreed to tion, which by repetition was converted Into plantation; the treatment of the former was interest of the old dynasties. In Italy it has his duty in not securing the arrest of Mr. Fow- The honia of Abraham Holllday, two miles from Out theSenatebillprovidingforthereturnoftheprecedent,andthencehascometobeheldasworsethanthatofthelatter.WhenthenegrotornfromFrancisJoseph,thePopeandtheler.Ifthatbesothenwhynotdismisshim?wotaato,wasblowntopieces,aadlira.Holudayiaataati/captured Aftleans, sad coneurred ia the Senate's a part of the unwritten constitution of that can't work any more he is provided for. When w-sendm-ntstothelighthouseAppropriationMIL realm. Buthere we have no crown from the politicianshadgottheirmoney's worthKing of Naples some of their fairest and most Have not the administration the courage to killed.valuablepossessions.Unlessaneffortbemade removeanofficerwhoneglectshisduty?These AtmdtonapoHsseveralbaUdiegswar*destroys*-.TheCivilApproptiA-on billwas then takenup whichpowersoaabedespoiledinbehalfofthe and discussed. Reports relative to the New York people. It is the people that poeseas all rights,public store contract were presented, and laid over till December nextThe Pacific Telegraph bill has passed both houses of Congress.AtSanto,D.W.0.BakerandtwochildrenworemUad Rumors were prevalent of farther Itoaaiiu in thawThe overland mail, with Ban Francisco dates topartment. B u t i t i s very likely t o diminish gers that threaten them, and ap- lairs generally at Washington, if the affair isfrom Japan. The accounts agree that in the attack upon Prince Gotairo that personage was wounded, bat not killed.despoils the people, and takes a step towardsthe establishment of a tyranny. If the House I can create power by establishing precedents,people, who are now their own governors. The march of intelligence has been headed by the independent press, and the politicians mastpreciate the necessity of their mak- ing an immediate and decided stand against them. Prussiaweknowtobefullyawareofallowed to end here.supposedtoboaslayer.The Baltimore Conviction. Biimfon, JoaeIS,1*60the Slat a l t There had been, within six weeH j spoils, are brought forward to testify in secret four attempts t o rebel egaiast the author!tic • oftheprison,oneofwhichhadtobesubduedbythe againbtthefirstmagistrateofthecountry.military, thepolice being inefficient. TheHon.j OnthisexpattetestimonytheHouse proceeds VVQliam Girod, ex-editor o f the Colonial Standard to pass judgment, not on one of its own mem- and Police Magistrate of Kingston, who had been< bers, not on one of the subordinate officers ofsentenced to three years' hard labor in the pent-I any other branch of the government, but on tentiaryforforgery,hadbeenpardonedbyGover-Joneofitsco-ordinatebranches,andtherepre-parties or cliques, and should treat all sidee ac- cording to their merits. Greeley sees this now for the first time. His influence with the Tribune, and personally in his own party, has been sufficient to break down Mr. Seward, and he has emancipated himself from the worst and meanestdespotismintheworld—thatofapo-AMONG THE OFFICE HOLDERS.—The decision of theSupremeCourt,confirmingtheremovalof Mr.StoutfromtheCity Chamberlaioship,is a very important one, and may effect a complete •evolution in the construction of the charter relative to the removal of corporate officials Itwouldappearfromthisdecision,whichwouldparting a certain varnish to the disturbers of publicorder. Weare,therefore,inhopesthat nothing will occur todaythat will give us cause to blush for the character of our city. Let our governing classes so comport them- selves before these delicately organized Asia- ticsastoimpressthemwiththeconvictionthat tbey are passing through files of the politest and best bred gentlemen in tbe world.grade of Ftetbusbavenue; to appoint Comotoatoneri of Re-ord in Kings county; also tae principal acta relating opublicschools,underwhichthedepartmentnowact*.A Negro Shot lm Carada. WKIXA**, aw., Jane 16, IteO.Yesterday morning Constables Bender and Hatau proceeded to thetownshipof UimberstoBe, to arrest a; negronamedBanks,foranassaultwuAintenttoMi- Banks, at the approach of the constables, came from ad bouse with a gon and Bred at them. Several shots owe exchanged between the parties, resulting in tbe kiiUsg ot Banks. Another negro who assisted B*nia wet nadir wounded. One of tbe constables waa shot la the hand Tbemattertonowbeinginvestigated.The Mew York Stat* Editorial and Typo, graphical Aneoelatiwn.BCWALO, Jane 15,1W0. Thisbodytonowholding Msannual Conventionher*tbe literary exercises at 8% Janes' Hantosteveateg were of anteterosttngcharacter. The address was delivered by Mr.flannelWilliams, of Udea.Mr . S a m n e l W U n a m s , o f t b e U l i c e H e r a l d , w a s e l e c t e d ProraentoftheAaaociaUoc fortheensuingyear Ths memberstakeapleasuretripontheriverthisforoaooaDeath og Hem. John Gevibralth. EJUS, Pa, June 16.1W.Hon.JohnGalbra'.th.anexmemberofCongressan! residing Judge of the Sxth Jndlctel dtotrict of POMSJIvssio, died suddenly at hto residence in this city '*•tocheck its progress it will goon withits arematterswith whichthepressandthepeo- work of redistribution and reorganization ! pie are both busy. The Postmaster General's until not a trace of the labors of the Con- report is very satisfactory in one respect: itposes of government, they have vested in the their blind guides with touching fidelity. But great of Vienna remains to attest the folly, and ' establishes conclusive evidence of shamefulhis business. In those days the politicians go a portion of which, for the necessary pur- verned the country, and the people followedemSy.-t aptuie of at Slaver.Botnoa, Jane IS, 1S8).several branches of the government. When we have changed all that The independentshortsightedness of the men who took part in incompetency in the management of the De- tbe brig EasternState, Capt Kelly, from Porto Praytany one of these branches assumes powers with press, freed from the control of vulgar politinor Darting, o n condition o f his expatriating hira-selffromtheislandforlife. Mr.Girodisanative'of the-land,andhastanchildren,oneofwhomisanofficerlatheBritisharmy. Therainyseason resentativesisonlyacomponentpartofthe canaffordtosnapItsfingersatthepoliticians bad set in. The bat reported sales of sagu were legislative body, which is coequal with theat 16a. per hundred pounds.The bark Mayflower, Capt Dantite, arrived at thisPresident, the act in itself is one of grave im-antiquated ideas, and ricketty platforms. TheSewards and Weeds and Webbs o f the day willport Criminals are punished by statute with port yesterday from B-rbadoes, with advices to >penalties that partake largely of a physicalsel, who are elective officers—and that the dis-express, relative to the assassination of the Japanese RegeDt aad the settlement of the China question, it is now believed is far from the truth. In proof of thi«, a telegraphic despatch was received yesterday fromSL Louisthe 2td u l t T h e market waa overstocked with all character; but to the man of honor and integri-kinds of American produae. Thehealth of the ity publiccensurempunishmentoftheseverest blAnd was very good, but there had been but litis kind. Its imposition Is a judicial act, and therain.' The burnt district presents quite a sad ap- pearance to one accustomed to view it in its for- :findin the events of Chicago a light by whichto guide their footsteps In the future. The in- cretion of the Mayor and Aldermen Is to decidedependent press,backed bythe voice ofthe people, is as the tictoxn rod before which even the Senate must bow.wot,however.CMttyoattheir threats. Thesugar, itisapart,depreciatesthestandardofourpo-Wiad southeast, light, weaiborcloudy,ttwmoai^te*'A CopeRacefoggy.Seitoas Accident*.Sc^mna!, Pa , Jon« IS, 1«»One of tbe betters of Strong,fcrberteoaA Co-'ataanc rj, at Donntogs, exploded last night, sortoaalytajaringtw^ pattens aad eosovderabiy damaging the buildingMr. L. B Cutter, eoadaetor, fell front hto train at Lebeigb, and tbe engine pant rotted him vnder. breakte?hto legs aad ribs. It at feared that no will not tnr nveTrade of Philadelphia. rWrijujouiiu, Jane IS, IWO.to i,M » hogsheads, wkJU the sugar itself is of superior quality.A Uespstch Trom Boston states that the brig East, •ru &»te, at that port from Porto Prayo, report. thattheUntiedStatesskipPortsmouthoathe7th ads, captured the brig Falmouth, of New York, Wp. posed to bo a alavex' fluence of onr countrycourse, be would, within so short a time, with- out some demonstration on the part of Eng- land, take the back track, and offer to quietlyThe Excise Conuniasioaers held their twenty. 'sentative head of the republic. Settingasidethefactthat theHouseofRep-party journalism a quarter of a century ago, and have proved that a really good journalif Mr. Stout had concluded to take it there,that the Mayor has the power, with the consentof the Board of Aldermen, to remove for causeanyheadofadepartment,withtwoexcep newsbroughtfromtbeEastbytheoverland tions—the Comptroller and Corporation Coun-aggrieved party has no resource for redress b u t i n t h e u n n t t e r e d a n d u n u t t e r a b l e j u d g -whatiscauseandwhatisnot;anditseemsveryprobable that this power will be still fartherexercised. For some time there has been a announcing the arrival of the California over- g o o d d e a l o f d i f f i c u l t y e x i s t i n g b e t w e e n t h e l a n d m a i l a t S p r i n g f i e l d , w i t h S a n F r a n - Mayorand Mr.Delavan,the CityInspector,a cisco dates of the 25th ult. and that, most efficient officer, butmore recentlythe though an attempt had been made upon trouble seems to have centred more uponCaptainSmith,theStreetCommissioner,whoisdecidedly themostfaithful manwehavemer Hate, and owing to t h e tardiness o f t h e Com-missioners bat little improvement is being made. , ment of the people. If it is imposed lightly,Ths British stoop Sea Flower, of Granada, had been ; without due consideration, or from base andseisedat Martinique for violation of the French• unworthymotives,itreactsuponthebodythat calcirclesandtkelobbyinWashingtonarebe-ginningtobeagitatedagainwiththetransitroute conflicts,whichinpasttimeshave causedtheshedding of so much ink, and all to no purpose, ever had in that office. Soon after the inaugu-so far as the public interests and the interests of the public ere concerned; for the old com- batants have reached their millenium, and laid down in peace together like the lion and the lamb.Theobjectof the present lobbyeffortmto crop of tautadoas wfli ***** hast year's by 1 jm litical morality, and adulterates the moral in- defeat the clause contained in the Naval Ap-the life of Prince Gotairo, it hod not provedsuccessful,ashewasyetalive. It also appears from thenews bytheNiagara that the statement in regard to the settlement of the troubles between England and China was equally incorrect The English govern- ment have received and published tbe refusal of the Chinese Emperor to accede to the ulti-commercialregulations,andcompelledtopaya imposesIt,anddiminishesitspublicconsidera- fine. Thesupercargo complained bitterlyofthe:tionandmoralpower. Andhereiswherewe treatment received at the hands of the Frenchmei take exception at the recent not of the House who hoarded the vessel They were eight in num- of Representatives. .The motives which in- ber, two of them being gendarmes, and one s cus-duced it are too evidently base In their charac- tom koase omoer. Too supercargo states that they ter, end the aet itself is too manifestly parti-wars very drank, and ruined on the sloop, dsokh-e madmen or pirates, besriag pistols and throat- san, to injure the President; bat it debases the •*•_*_*_**•peopteofthesleop. Theydid Houseitself,degradesthegovernmentofwhichration of the present city government in Janu-ary last, Capt. Smith expressed a desire for aninterview with Mayor Wood, for the purpose ofcoming to some understanding with referencetotheaffairsoftheStreetDepartment,and matumproposed,anditisbynomeansproba- semecorrespondencepassed betweenthereon ble that, having pursued this peremptory the subject. The Mayor, however, we believe,morning._ ^Ueathtr Report.ST. JOHSB, Jeoe U, l-M.naval station on ths Pacific, made by the HESTOBT OFTHB AXB-NT KEGCNCV.—We pub- , government with the Chiriqui Improvement lash elsewhere an elaborate and generally cor- , Company. In such a movement all 'ihe other recthistoryofthepoliticalcliqueknownasthe transitrouteinterestsseethegermofafuture Albany Regency. The secret history of all competitor, or a new participant in their pro- political organizations is always so oarefally fits, and of course they wish to head off theTASK—The Directorsoftbe Harlem Railroad, hare arraagemenu to ran Sunday trams by ateForty necond and Seventy ninth streets, so as to afford in-outofthe editor theycoollysent him aboutMay 11, reports that the United States aloop of-war Porto the25thult,hasarrivedwithinterestingnews whichithasnotbeenformallyinvested,It cians,baascatteredliberalideasamongthe iovereignsshouldnotbesensibleofthedan- publicconfidenceintheadministrationofaf- mouthcaptured,May7,thebrigFalmouth,ofNowTort,AdespatchfromSt.Johns,N.P.,statesthata1itcangoonbuildinguntilitwieldsallthe eithergoalongwithitorbeoverslaughed.steamer from Europe had arrived on* Cape Race, i powers of the State. .Tomorrow it may cen-aadthatitwasunderstoodthenewsboathadbeen|curetheSenateortheSupremeCourt.Cen* Therearecertainexcellentreasonswhythethecriticalcharacterofthetimes,fromtheQtETTB.—To-daytheJapanesearriveinouronthewaywithathousanddelegates,As,totbeOoolitical clique. W e shook off the shackles of probably b e sustained by the Court of Appeals,ofallparties,withtheirmustyabstractions,TBAXSUROUTEQCESTIONAGAIN.—Thepoliti-propriation bill, to carry out n contract for adeclined the interview, and said that he wouldconsult the Comptroller. The correspondencewas subsequently renewed, andended in a per- fettle the whole affair.sonal interview, which did not prove verysatisfactory to either party. Some ofthe STBDATCARSonVBEBaaxmiBAOJMAPtoCmrnuiStreet Commissioner's subordinates have beencalled up, and some informal evidence elicitedeighth saeoting yesterday forenoon. A large batch | covered up that it is very difficult to arrive at youngster before he gets strong enough to im- as to cause for the removal of the head of the creased accommodation! and more rapid transit beUU applications fcclkeases were received, of which ' J» exact details. W e have, however, as w e pose conditions for peace. We do not care department, and thus matters stand.fourteen wore granted for thirty dollars each, j Utink, succeeded pretty well with the Regen- anything either way for the private interests It may be that all these difficulties will endShortf Kelly has Instituted an investigstion in his | cy. The matter ia a most important one just • that may be advanced or diminished by the re-VaJaetrftAweavorteoftbowaek...,£* ^ ..»».•'«the evening. Tbe Fourth avenue ears will run u usual, office as to the manner in which the sab-sheriffii now, as the Albany spoilsmen have laid all sult of this new transit route contest, for it is offices, now that the Supreme Court has every two or throe minntea from the Aator House, con-firm fVnawytraate State 6 a uS 7 : *»*tt*a<ui Railroad,Untitled DocumentiJHTCtto nrnetsm, It appears that they are in the their plans for another grand political massa- merely a money getting question. Experience settled the question of the Mayor's remov-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069necting with the train care at Thirty second street.StocksBaSroad, » S ; MorrtoCanal, UK; I " *them. It is impossible that tbe continentalsure implies the power of reproof, reprimand, metropolitan press should hold the command- declarations of her statesmen and the military city. L et their reception be such as we our- vootton, from Illinois, Indiana, Onto, Cincinnati—the dete-despatched to intercept her.The Niagara's mails, which arrived last evening }from Boston, put as in possession of Europeanfliestothe2dInst Themostimportantpartofthenews hasalready been published. Wehaveadditional information, however—later than any- thing equally grave with the usurpation of opinions upon the great political questions of storm that is silently gathering over their will, we know, be all that can be desired. There hero for all who come.But in the present instance thereIssome-constituencywhoholdexaggeratedorfanatical lowherexample,theywillbecaughtbythe formalitiesandattentiontotheirwants,these saMtobosofallthatmanyoommgareunabletoBaa accoflcmodaucna. Therewill boampleaoeoamcJtuonsing position it has attained. The statesman whopreparations which she is making. If Austria selves, as well as those well bred strangers, can gattone with a band of music. Intelligence from Westersand this implies subordination, which does not exist among co-ordinates.thing famished by the telegraph from Halifax. A power, and which should cause every right the day. He represents those crude theories heads. The next few months will develope, is, however, something more necessary to impart despatchfromNaples, datedJune 1,saysthatan mindedcitizentopausebeforelendinghisap- to acertainextent When hegoes toWash- onthepart ofFrance,some ofthe moreim- toour hospitalitiesaflavorthatwill leaveanroads report all eastward trains crowded. Wsohiagtoa tsrepresents any remote district comes from aand the secondary German States do not fol- look back upon with gratification. As regardsington he invariably falls in with some special portant features of that mysterious policy agreeable impression upon their minds.and the royal troops, which was to terminate on by the House of Representatives in passing clique, snd between the prejudices engendered which, commencing with professions of dis- In Baltimore and Philadelphia they have been Sunday,the3dinat.ThepopulaceatNapleswere thisvoteofcensureuponthePresident. Itis bythepeculiaropinionsofhislocalityand interestedness,isslowlybatsteadilyadvanc- treatedtothebestthatthepopulationofthose greatlyexcited,andshoutsof"Garibaldi,""Victor assratedthatcorruptionhascreptintothead- thechicaneryandhumbugoftheWashington ingtowardstheaccomplishment oftheob- overgrownvillagesknewhowtogivethem.Emanuel." and "Sicily,'' were raised on the streets. ministration of government. A n accidental politicians, he is quite in the dork as to the real jects which It has all along had in view. It is That is to say,they were dined, wined, caressedWepublishfull particularsofthe presentationof meritsof themattersupon whichheiscalled forthesereasonsthatwe attachtothepresent andinsultedinturn.Rowdyismintheseplaces the belts to Heenan and Sayers at the Alhambra and factious party majority in the House, insti-Gardens,London,ontheeveningofthe30thult. gatedbypartisanmotives,seizesuponthisas- tovote. If,however,hereadscarefullythe eventsinSicilyacharactermoreseriousthan constitutesaprominentfeatureoftheirsocialThe Police Department have given notice, in anttefpa- tionoftbepoliticalgatheringborenextweak,thattheor dinance prohibiting the firing of cannon, guns, As, t- the ctty, will bo strictly enforced.BillsSignedbytheUureanorafterihe AdjournmentoftheLegtalatwre.ALBAJTT, Jane IS, 1SS0. AmongtbebillswhichhaveroeoivedtheGovernor'ssignatures after Uie adjournment of tbe Legtolature, etaesarmistice had been sgreed upon between Garibaldiproval to the course which has been pursuedWe also give an Important article from the L >u- eumption, and appoints a committee of investi- don JVYwe upon the Eastern question, and one gation into the conduct' of the President. from the London Times relative to the Chiuese Men who have for years been stooped in cor- difficulty- The letters of our correspondents sup-thenewconstitution,*rethefolk)ring—TheNewYork metropolitanjournals,andspendsaconsidera- thatofamereefforttochangedynasties. condition,and,therefore,couldnotbekeptin taxlevyor1656;tbebilltoaithwusthecttyofNew bleportionofhistimeinNewYork,where Theyarepregnantwithconsequenceswhich subjection,evenonanoccasionofthisk!id. YorktoraiseITO.OCOonthetoeueofbaadsforrcroruption, under the administrations of the feebleBythearrivalofthebrigLosAniigosatthis; partoftheworkwell theeditorshouldbe animated b y personal motives, because theyportwehavefliesofKingston,Jamaica,paper*toweredrivenbythePresidentfromtheirlikeourselves,entirelyindependentofanyMetropolitanrefinementhasnotleftitsstamp YorkHarboraadcorrecttheHarborOoBuntoateners' THBCITTCHAMBERLAINDECTSTON—TROT/BLRSupontberestofthecommunitywithoutim-lines;toextendFifthavenue,Brooklyn;toeatobUabtbeeverypossibleshadeandvarietyofopinion willinvolveEuropeinanotherprolongedand LuckilythesemeelementinNewYork, kins'Market;theSupplybillof1867;theaettoprend* against nnaafe buildings in New York; to amend itsis freely spread before the public, he will sanguinary contest, like that which resulted In though but +oo frequently uncontrollable, is benkmg tews and prevent tbe improper retention of plythedetailsofthegeneralnews. FillmoreandpoorPierce,andwhoarefindhisideasmateriallyenlarged.Todohisthetreatiesof1815. notapttoloseitsmannersbeforestrangers-countrybanknotes;topreventencroachmentsuponNowin a thorough reorganization o f t h e municipalrSTLAMLLrHIA STOCK BOABW. PBiLAnaxrwu, June la. 11**fBAsoity; and in this state of affairs it Is n. i un- likely that tbe existing quarrels between aeo- tions and cliqnes of the party may be settled, old sores healed, and, oat of the dire necessity of a combination of hitherto discordant ele- ments, harmony be restored and (he hatchet buikd.theaidoftheconstructionwhichthecourts] ThsTycoocwdaredthetfficwuchargeotthentotoputuponthecharter,MayorWoodoranyotherIman will give us an efficient and honest citygovernment—such a one as we have not had Tha gov* roKtat has takes extraordinary avsaawBBBIY oax DEFAIXATIONS.—Tbe press generally throughout the country a r e commenting upon the statement of the Poetmaster General upon the defalcation of Mr. Fowler. It is certainly one ot the moet extraordinary public docu- ments ever given to the country. It is a self- convicting report; and yet Mr. Holt, who ha* a great deal of ability, but no moral sense, doesOURJAPANESEVISITERS—HINTSUPONEn-Threetrams,crowded,fromtheWest,arrivedtoday Three more oa the Baltimore and Ohio read are expected,THE NEWS FBOM CHINA AND JAPAN —The lastthe lower part of the city and the Centra! Park ''ng to morrow the lTih mat, at nine o'clock A. M , and rnnning every half boar each way until eight o'clock iaPoimports do.•avhaeeithroogh one of tae gaits cicm at basdeon>Bii4 Han Karl, which he did. 'Ittotbocrh: bymanythat a revo'cttoetoU which, u aucceart&I, will rteoH ia the spe*dy or Aealh <* all roralgreis.AtOa«wrttoinieajMsthavlanity,h^Qse«wer«uttroofda www.fultonhistory.com 