 hundredof &*. &Kcloselyaet ininsona page. f tt**** apeeche*ifofthemwere and that one ial evening see. >ment, no vote*d^ne, and when •re than naif a 7 two or thiee,kali, or waiting >it';able process* an a misnomer, merely a waste wag a sacrificethat the greaton those oeca- :t upon public >rn.it wouldbea ne< lee* offense to gooasooiciyw exaggerated,theobject,beingtoafc^rdare*tieeesetof if^^%^M^^&^Wa^ "°^Dayid C. Broderick; ^fep^^^of^MS^enl^i^/^Wr energvofchara«ttWin- RailroadCompar>vWadreported favorably.business hud-re examined the 1ft.316 awards. .M56.935 88609 50 39,(W>5 57 45.034 00gross since t h e At two days of ' of twenty days, r 974 pages of >fwhosepages is tte book. T h a i lions, making an Congress passed ages. In other tte of forty-nineand at the raterest of the ses- this legislation, in its closinghero, and alike scorned the smiles and corrupticnsOf '• pov:er, calling things-by their riftht names. No'eena- nated in that State. David Colbreth. Broderick, the his predecesfcoxs, overcame the accidents and circnm-, .tor in eo pbbrt time ever acquired^ so wide-spread a $Hi**ject of this announcement, was born in thisoity stances which *ver opposed Ins suocees. Neither fan e. Wren tbe roll of California statesmen shall be ^MAGNETIC TELEGBAPH. (Washington), in February, 1819, tmd at the time of birth, nor fortune, nor education, nor training, nor called en lbsjudgmept day. and Broderick is inqdired his death was a little over 40 years of age. His father, patronage, nor association, nor prestige of auyjkind, for, more dan one voice will reach the ear of Jehovah27 awards, .Idays.' >_„ ;,... AHc*olre.J, That an «?< additional mark of recpect for tbo mrmoTy only, and without debate.oftb^iiou.D^vldC.lixodsiici,dectaaod,tbutthetimmtodo Mr.BURCH(Ad.Dem.,Cat)presentedthepro- now sdjoora.app^AT^d in bis seat since his recent attack, or been guage of flattery in eulogy. The world to which our bad previ'irjHly moved that the House proceed to the that tbe Speaker of the House introduced a bill to departed brother has gone, is one where tho flatterer election of a Printer. repeal tbe law passed at the last session of the Assem-I-3sC. Broderick, departed this life in the City of San and Broderick to their rank among the organizers ofour American. States, such as tbe w*>rld has assigned <Franc»*co, on the 16th of September last—having fallen to Winthrop, Williams, Raleifih, Penn, andin an unfortunate conflict, which was engendered by Ogiethorpe, as well as in placing Taylor andth« use of unguarded expressions by the deceased Scott, and Worth, and Quitman,.as Generals beside personal in their character, to ward another distin- Wawbincton, and Green, and Gates, and Marion. AndmZSKSOSAZ*The awards made by them are 496, distributed upon :y^We regret to learn, that tbe Rev. Ih\Iopened, including Charles Oakford & Sons' establish- ment'. .,..;.•:The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania issued a decree into the law in relatidn to tbe printing for the House to-day, commanding the City Councils of Pittsburgh of Representatives, the prices paid for, and the duty of to make full and ample provision for the payment ofand advi»e •RtHOtvtd, therefore, That, iu the ©pinion of tie General As- they have little room for anything el*e. The countrypropee© honors "We cannot butt. .. .Jg ..Twere. was^ a degree,, of '•.'mystery,, about him that :tegriry and idellty to friends, Mr^ Broderick ht id; ho y&i h}8 character on that : n The PRESIDENT presetted, a comraunicatiJebn Brown and his twenty-one confederates, anda cow, that he slandered the State and insulted its&>oIaima.. ...i. W claims.. 20 claims.. 8 claims.. 4 cliuins.. • 1 claiias..85,800 JD9 11&70&W;8f«S? 8$The reach, of such a bill /can without the glftpf prophecy.apirit, in purpose, and will be held and stigmatized as such by all decent men.the several canals as follows:Frte Canal EnlargementErieCenal.............................. Cayogft>&. fenecaCanalOswtfco Cunel...''Oneida *iver Improvement. Champlain CanalCrocked Lnk<- CanalEmeritus Professor of Greek and Latin at' pbS lege, and for many, years an honored mem' Faculty of that institution, died on Saturday.—TheEaston (Mdl) Gazette of 8 a t u r d a y ^ ^ | ^ »nounces tbe death of Samuel Stevens, ex-^WerjB»moved till about April, when the grass begin* to sprout. Gen. Johnston will command them until th*«y reach their new destination iu Texas and 5few-Mexico, and may afterward, unless relieved. One alleged object of this movement is to throwage of IS years, charged witb the support of hie mother peared reckless of all. sentiments, and animated only;von all salt manufactured in this State, a duty of 3 centsper bufcbel, which duties shall be'paid into the cren«ral fund. The Superintendent may appoint the following deputies, to Wit: ODC Receiver, who shall reside and lcepp his office in Syracuse, and who shall also be the Chief Clerfc. ' 'an amicable settlement under the treaty ol 1846, only mean the assertion of the British claim under the British construction of that treaty. . All thethe ohjeoi of pity or compassion. I leavo hij a, there- intellect and controlling will to the serious purposes of fore, iu Ks early grave, content to confine mj exprps-life. His high moral deportment begat universal re- pioh of sorrow on this occasion within the b)uuds ofMr. GRANT introdaced a bill to amend the act of1855, relative to the collection of taxes on lands ofnon-residents, and to provide for the sale of such bandsfor unpaid taxes. It provides that the conveyanceshall be executed by tho Controller, and the executionthereof shall bo witnessed by the Deputy-Controller,Surveyor-General, or Treasurer, and in all conveyan-ces heretofore or hereafter executed by the Controller,of landB sold by him for taxes, shall be presumptiveevidence that the sale and all proceedings prior thereto. neck; a pah\of light-blue pants, with double stripes of from and inclading the assessment of the land and allaos, are their f- correspondence between the two Governments, open band attracted and attached to him a host of de-ive gone over iey never wit- eiplexing andamid this in- legislation of of the bills isatlee are an- 08t and under een the report bracing more tion, and COT-tT passed upon being read to >nes, raising, his oi| the Speaker, under 0—d"acetionsly re- >rthe Chair tossionalhurri- Iped, but more [poor widow'sa couple of mile a dozen fe. under skiH- ile. The two"he President [only when the ?e done isreform in therKS**.IIjourned early ive ballots for obsequies of >f Illinois was >n the death of in one will be •call for him, Todoubt many in the eye of [ho aimed theere marked by Connecticut, expressed hise usual testi- s memory, on elation of then, therefore, the resolutions h regard fornator. natural andester's senfct-me sort of a man who had an should beus in his obse- oombi ihould ought he was uld remember demise in ght have r s - oombs need y his wrath e may have mations t h a t y the diraae ute of respect eristic, mightto hisreputa- ToombVrre- that he, too,md that in h<s he was thus ose we cannotnake a fool of ny one man, in the temporal >e invoked the a confederates,Uarsofour •svn the glori- 1 bury Gov- in tbe ruins. )u the generalman was thoasince the joint ocenpany was restored by Gcfl: Scott, proves the ^practicability of reaching any conclusion satisfactory to both. Each dogmatical- ly asserts a positive right, and as war is mutually disc-oei>tenafioed*,'for such a cause, the questionvoted, admiring friend?, who delighted to honor himwith public and private confidence. Many of these, hopes, has yet, liRe Hamilton, left behind hhr a noblexonst ultimately be settled by arbitration. Our Chair, upon the resignation of Gov. Burnett. In 1852, heOovernuuent will not submit to a reference to any crowned head, and therefore it is probable that, as a final resort, some eminent statesmen or publicists Will be Folected as referees.THE UNITED STATES TREASURERS HIP.When Mr. Casey, late Treasurer of the United •fttatee, died. Secretary Cobb announced tbe fact to the President, who said, as the appointment was in his department, he would not interfere, and desired"him to fill the vacancy. Secretary Cobb accord- ingly indicated Mr. Randolph, Chief Clerk, who had been in the* office thirty years. "When- the President was notified of tbe selection, he instanlly refusedtoconfirmit. YetSecretaryCobbisstillfieeretary of'the Treasury.THE PATENT OFFICE.was reelected to the Senate, and f-erved with distin- Law. The question was, should tho Sena e pay a abandoned. The Liberals had reocenpied Colima, SauFREMONTW ASDEFEA TED.Mr. McQITADE, to authorize the Second avenueRailroad Company in New-York to construct newtracks. Allow them to run a single track from Peckslip,'along South street, Bowling s'ip and Pearl street; Princess of Struga in Moldavia, a near relative of a- double track from the east side of Broadway alongMr. Megargee of Philadelphia testified before thedentby his application, and to a»piro to renown was I trusted him, as a faithful, honest, and fearlessthe treaty be ratified or rejected.THE HOUSE- PRINTER.life, and wbilo yet in tender years be was tbroven into tbe midst of the temptations of a great city, withbnt a friend or monitor. And, though without a friend orPrinter was adopted, with a proviso that the House Notices tban ten thousand personswere present. The Stntos of tbo South, that fffioient cooperation will be more slave land with their glorious blood, and doubt not appointments of the hq$elwere universally admired. sa.e)y obtained by such direct lejrislative action at the several that therefirom avengerswill arise."The Printer will be elected to-morrow on the monitor, he wems to have preserved, according to alltbe appointment or" election to do so on the condition herein pet f< rlh.appears to be quiet, and the Government is vigor- ously pursuing its measures of improvement and amelioration.AMKRICAN PHOTOGRAPHIC SOCIETY .—The annualdemocraticMayoralty Nomination. meetingoftheAmericanPhotographicSocietywaa^ ~ ^ CHICAGO, Monday, Feb. 13, 1860. held in room No. 19 Cooper Institute, Mr. J. W. Dra-first ballot.But for Mr. Stanton'g course, it wouldtestimony, bin integrity in the midst of temptation. He made advances against all the disadvantages of life which surrounded bim. He was, Hir as he appearedA Committee of seven was appointed to examinesembly, It is inexpedient to appoint deputies to the conference proposed by South Carolina.1Heiolttd, That the Governor of this Common'wealth bo ro- Common vealth ho re-quested to communicate the foregoing renolutiou to the Gov- Bolutiou to the Gov-Jave been consummated to-day, as other changesxwere ready to produce the result. Tbe combina- to .me, a man of purposes and convictious. Heernor of the State of South Carolina, and to "the Printer, whose duty it shall be to report thereon, the arrears of interest due on $150,000 worth of bonds of the Slaveholdlng States. the Go' rernor of each• -vw**,,^,rrr«,_fc,.^-^~rMrtwmwattiflanqucMwn*uere. v**..«*i»w«i«.«^ mypurposerespect,and,I'mavsay,myadom-ation. Ifound^ cuw^^^^. to the ki- hibo&,honorable,^dJrutbffuL;attachedThe bill tOjincorporate Fine Arts Associations was Willurd's, where, after a thorough investigation of thereportedfavorably. paperswhichhepresented,andabriefstay,thepro- y, Mr. COLES gave notice of a bill to repeal the Mu-tual Building Societies act, and to wind up all such prietors sent him, away. Upon the presentation of at,IZ&^jJS^l&J^^controversy Bubside, when w"e stand by the grave of one who though owe engaged amid the fiercest ele- ments of political strife, now lies cold amid tbe cham- bers of dtath, and pulseless forever. David C Brod- erick was no ordinary man! Against the frowns of influence and fortune be made his way to ease andtcrtsts of his countryj, <avndu clear in his views; the former, andthe recognition of the ConstitutionalEx-Gov. Tbomas has arrived, and win enter onihe duties of the Patent Office immediately. MrJBishop, his predecessor, has returned to Con distinction, aod by hii» life and successes ho illustrated and native intellect, he rose to b%the peer of the proud-35,000 boxes; Muscovado, S'doB reals. Molasses ar-necticut.HOW COL.the beauty of our American institutions in openincr the est in the land. He conducted himself here, notwith-'mm^mrnmrnmLj\-Kcv!4o^-'Mr,Todflib» thinks transportation of the mails from Missouri to the Pa- 'adver^currentWencoubter'from his youth ur* IHe? and bombIe,iwho have only the wealth of intelmpfcoo "ttat^p(great;brimstonedealerfa^mortallxedbycificbyrailroad,.andKtvGrow;will,shortFriotrodawwasbredintbemidstof--.the,eternt^competitions.commsncLalhey.w;erpechociboys;t6^e«her.i:Mrij| 'mmefta bill tor the admission of Kansas into Che TJmkm. • and rivalships of this .lite,, and could not turn; aside Haskin eafdj in, the Course, of his enlogy, thav Mr.entylong,set Hiltonwas& onofhonorinbisrebellion,hat Privateaccount*fromthe,Rio,"G^derop^aonttheonaccount^of^.any^:>penl:'\^a£-';/taTeatenedfim,Bw^erici'wdntheadmixatipnol"bisfriendsanIthe Thebill*to--^etrd^«be^pb»terof^iiQe^':IiJ3hiacharacteronthataccount,faldvenftuireerrssap-nrreetteoxtfhor''crroAsosuining*'.inmtotn^Miuex»i;co^.createdsympathy.He'wasa',mahwhoseveryoriginBupenor.'P\ „•"•'?*r•••••-•'"...••••..•' /amftjorityoftTfi^ExciseCommissionei^jofjjtifemApartfromCort'oa'sband* the Mexicans are repre- eeemed to b^.the offspring of mystery,!and:itsui> Mr1HIQiMAN'(A.li;Pa.)spokeofMr.Broderick ,During'.theyear1859,357^licenseswere^grantedin sented as exceedingly friendly. rounded himjn'fiuch a way througb life as to impart to as God'siosfrument; for miehty purposes.; Those who Cit'v, at the uniform rate of $50. Theire^eipts,dh AreportprevaJ*'thattheSecretaryofState,Mr. himacertainreserveakintogloom.Hiswasaformida- thoughtbimlessthanaphiJoeoohernever-kOenhint. oftheselicenseshavebeebpaidover.,.TheremiiCassbasbeenattackedwithfeeriouVillness. blename. Scorn,honorable,andonward.spirit,he Hisevery|pervewasexertedtodignifylabor.;It; isstillinthehandsoftheCominirsioni3rrsi The A» tbe contest for House Printer is clo*e, the expect- knew no difficulties, and, yielded to no .obstacles,' but: might be sS^l there was but one* Brodev'Ck to wajk the amount paid overis $10,070. ? \kthatUt. Toombs was hardly less happy in.his demonstration in his reply to Mr. Posterthanhewouldbeinproposingthedevilforatoast..This i* the bosines* of the Southern Chivalry. Two armedmen ptjowl tbe streets of Washiest' n in pursuit of one man who is unarmed, and sick be- side. This is what we are to take as an evidence«£ hraveiy. This is the method employed t-> showthat VirginJans are not afraid. This is proof that-when Mr. Hickman safd Virginia was frightened by established practice of the Senate, it becomes my mel- ders of Missouri to the Pacific Coast. He who shalled arrival of Mr. Stall worth to-narrow, is a matter of xtuch interest.among the Democrats.pursued one steadfast coarse, though it led him to the conflict which t>roaght him to his grave. There, sir, mav be restin'peace; and rough as ne was in this life, and inexorable as he appeared to some, many and marj,y a tear will bo shed in California over his last reeting.place.. And perhaps no single grave in that State wiil be bedewed win'more sincere and earnest tears than tbe urave of David C. Broderick.earth. He was just and generous, gifted and noble,\ pure and ipatriotic. He raised poverty into irank, proving thejegitimacy of its blood. K*s fame would,be as endnribc as the records of public yirtnelMr. STOTIT (Dem., Oregon) paid a tribute of re- spect to bi»J friend- '• •-:•:•.• :•,-.:: •;/;<•• :.".,::.Mr. BURLINGAME (Rep,, Moss.) spoke of Mr. Broderick ian a Democrat without being^a demagogue, who loved tie people, but never betrayed them, and as they discovered these traits of character he won their regard. He had an indomitable^ will, under the power of which party names and party disciplioe disappeared Men forgot that they were Democrats or Republicins; and called themselveB Broderick men. Scornful of Corruption and tyranny in the grandeur and purity a his public and private life,- he saw the very point -vrhich made him the advocate of the peo- ple's rights. I JMr. MORRIS (Dem., Bl.,) spoke of Mir. Broderick's raising himEelf to eminence by bis own energv of char- acter. Whit had he done that be should die by the hand of violence ? If he bad been loss independent be would have been a living man to-day. He was a moralThe Annual R*pot of the Canal Appraiser?, Messw.Asbel, Parmelee, William Wesson «ni< H. S ^ M j iwasreceived. ItpresentsIncompactandlucid shape Whenthm«SS^i8|^en, ,to aw68a the damages the claims against tbe S«are for Canal damages, andtie action ind awards of .the Appraisers during ihe ^ S^ta„te., ^ ^ ^ !>^„,_^, t .y-. not belo-.n•>g—in»»g,—to-*KXSXVITH CONGS1SS.F I E S T 8ESSI0M.f v XXM5 WHpast year. Tbe results are biphly creditable te the;% J P«ndi«g, in which the C o ^ r t B t ^ sait»?nowdostry and efflcTency of the Appraicers. So large a« 1 ftnse^nd, if beaterj, I W W ^ E J S i " ^ / M f d^ amount of \work has never before beeh go-n->e t h r o i ^ 4 New-York o_r.Khinlg'B'. fCSouSntyx^^ t ^ l i 0 ^ ^ i1^ <>^SENATE....WASHINGTOIC, Feb. 13,1860. Tbe Senate met at 1 o'clock.Mr. SEWARD—Mr. President: The great national event of our day, I think, is the extension of ourem-during the same period. . , - o ^ 1% The claims filed with the Appraisers during 1859 are,Of course, if. this can be done all others. And an meenvenleni any time be obviated'by taximrthe damage*. case it can he in se may tons at whospetha^ i e y t f n e dY'--..f &-No preliminaryibarinees of moment was transacted.• Mr. HATJJJ—Mr. President: In conformity to an pirc across the interior of the Continent^ from .the bor-.295, distributed as folio ws:Erie CanelEnlargement.. Chapiain Canal,Cayags and f-tnpea Caaal..... Gemote Vallty Canalancholy duty to announce, formally, an event which write its history wili find in that event materiala, both transpired during the adjournment of Gongresa, and copious and fruitful, wherewith to enlarge on the in-tegrby of the American^XJnion, and tbe.destiny of the the intelligence baa b^en already otherwise received American people. But he will a'together fail, how^citizens. W e pay that hosting in couples, after them Jgdmundson and Keitt fa»hion, is assassination in mediato predecessor on this floor, toe late Hon. David ever, if he does not succeed in raismg Houston. Rusk,.......224 cloinw.. 36.998.47 defendant bappens-to reshi©. 3by the country with feelings of deep regret. Mr ira-Oawego Cax»oI BlockRtx>orCanalOneida Itiver improvement.41 TTHE LATEST NEWS, guished pentle'man, who occupied a high and honorableposition in the State of California, and which was impartiaJity will a'so require him to testify that48 awrards. .firan Irish emigrant, wae, by occupation, a stone-cutter; favored ambition in his case. While yet very sav ng, "Am Tmy brother's keeper?"wherehediedonthe7th inst.,in the 83d y^;^Pfe age. A man of the strictest integrity, withfeince Jan. 1,, 185t>,-ia... .....•..«...«•..'..........'«•••»••••« 600 generous impulses, and remarkable for his ey Tbe amount claimed thereon is $4,819,840 77/BECETVKDB Y2 awards. . . 4.T<{8 74rFrom Washington. - S p « « i a l ZMMptttoh t o T b e N . Y . T r i b u n e .• WasmaGTON Monday, Feb. 13, 1860.TBK TROOPS IN UTAH.young, he disappeared from among the merely JDI[r. (SICILES (Dem., N. Y.) said there were very Tbe somber of cnnal claimo filed in tb<v Apprat«er'» OfficAinflamed by a bitter political contest, then, just termi- Broderick, more vigorously, and resolutely than any of5Zawards, . W,<351CO . 9,388 90 . 1 . . . . . . . . 24 awards, ,nothrfc all'd.-and, though moving in the humbler walks of life, washighly respeeted and .esteemed as an industrious arti- municipal excitements of a.great commercial*city wa; -m feelbgs of attachment for Mr. Brd"derick byzan and wortby citizen. Having, while David was: on this side, of the Continent to rise as 'Suddenly ma) ly Citifcebs of New-York, among whom his early yet of tender years, removed to the City of New-York, upon the other side, towering conspicuously among' votth and nanbood werebassed. He spoke of Mr.The aggregate of canal awards made daring thatThese awards were made on claims amounting to... 3,271,298 41Mr. HAMMOND introduced a bill to amend the actindustry, he was held in high esteem by all wlw^Jaeir/ him.- r>: &v^^:-: /—Washington papers etyle SecretaryToucey^Breoqp-be therelived, pursuing his vocation, until 1837, when the ill-assorted and irreguiar groups of adventurers The main body of the troops in Utah will not ba be died, leaving bis late distinguished son, at the early who went there from all parts of the world, who ap-Br< derick'^foble tmits of character, and called him tbe founder of the Democratic party in California.; , . I lesolutions of respect were adopted, and the Houseconcerning the Salt Springs and the manufacture of tion onWednesday night the most successM afiair m! Salt. It provides tbat tnere shall be collected,and paidand-vounger brother. These soon followed the elder being the first to pick up the golden dust from tbe bed'sBroderick to the grave, and David stood alone in of the rivers of California. As we looked u{ on thisthe world -without recognizable kindred. With a strik-iog exprepsion of profonud sadness, he remarked intumultuous gathering from thiB distance, weaslsed how shall even peace be preserved and life secured amongHovcaneiats of Cassias M* .Clay. Special Disrfitcb to The N. Y. Tribane. , 'A(»my presence some years since, that " he was the last" el'his blood on earth so far as he knew." Thence them, and how and when shall this polifica. chaos... [ NEW-HA VEK, Monday, Feb. 13, I860. id compelled to a large force on the Rio Grande, to check the col- arose tbftt bauRbty gloom that enshrouded bis soul be reduced t o tbe solid substance of a Ca88iusM. Clay of Kentucky has been here to-day,One Inspector of salt to reside in each district public life—secretaries and aketchers, comaaddotBOS aa*eriog-ram of too tbeBoreias an* will read rearmr months of tin these ill-time*;re luxury to thriin tbe last two century, being 3ss passed acts;£ the rate of! oing ibfty-fiTCf ver 360 pages, I proving, t h a tmerely in the hours of theirid. nights of axrs. The bab-arranging for his agricultural lectures next week. He retnrns to New-York by the night boat, and will speak at Cooper Institute on Wednesday evening. He has a severe cold, from exposure during his speech at. Frank-common councilmen, senators and students, rtrportesrei 'and representatives—men of reputation, r a e n ^ f a t e i - 'lect, men of wealth, and men possessing' 'ioefjsper; triStthrough life, which be could not eradicate, and whica, civil state; . even then, while we we:e vet lisioBs.between our people and the Mexicans, which he^was too proud to hide. Having by diligence and 8sbing thete questions, we saw-that civil state rise "upare growing more frequent and dangerous, and to study surmounted tbe many obstacles with which pov- before us in just proportions, strong, vigorous; firm, repress the Indian outbreaks, which have occa- erty and humble fortune encompassed bis path he rose and complete in the fulness of material and m >ral suf-One Overseer of Pumps, Aqueducts, and Reservoirs,and four Clerks. There shall be paid to these officerstbe fc-Hcwinfi: annual salaries: Superintendent, $1,500;Receiver, $&#0; to each of the Clerks, $600. The Su-perintendent is authorized to employ such additions!-' , of character. " ;laborers as may be necessary, with tbe assent and apr .—The Hon. Henry A, Edmundson of VirgHKA, vrkm proval of the Controller, excepting in cases of accident.,*, made the assault upon the Hon. Mr. Hickman, a4 or such emergency 88 requires instant action, in whichcase be is empowered t© employ the necessary laborer* Washington, a few days since, is a large, gross man, or assistants in,bis discretion, and continue the same- coarse in manners and person. It is stated vtbat inuntil oppbrtunitv may be had to obtain the assent and April, 1856, be was so disgracefully mtoxldate<l'^a tiioapproval of t •te Controller.*. floor of the House of Representatives that be had to be Mr. WILLIAMS introduced a bill relative to theextra pay'of the Attorney-General for attendance at „ , carried out by his friends. , . ( , , » ' ;in the city of New-York from the humble place of anapprenticed mechanic, through many years of arduous main in Utah will consist of one company of flying labor and seve-e application, to a position command- artillery, three of cavalry, and six of infantry, ing high public Tespect and political elevation. Inunder command of CbL Charles P . Smith, one of . the beet officers in the service.EMIGRATION TO THIS COUNTRY.The total emigration from all foreign countries Into theUnited States.for the yf.arending December 31, 1859, was 160,000, being about ten per centgain on 1858.THE SANJ¥AN AFFAIR.sioned so much alarm and injury. The force to re-soon known sa a man of marked notoriety and gTeat in- plaur-t. H e consented, I trust, with reluofcan:e; yet, fluence. Ho arrived in California poor in purse, butrich in energy and 'self-reliance; and there disdaining nevertheless, he consented to the combat in i ?hich hetbe -pursuit? of ophmerai excitements and alarms which fell. I have nover known a man more jedbus ofThe Libei afs propose to march on the capitol as soon as Miramon starts for Vera Cruz. ^A pronunciamento, attempted on the 23d, in favor of Marquez, was promptly suppressed.The steamship Indianola sails on Sunday, for Vera Cruz.F r o m ffa^'ana a n d Mexico. CHAKLESTON, Monday, Vep. 13,1860.The steamship Isabel has: arrived from Havana and Key West 10th inst. ; :E. L-, Plumb, bearer of dispatches to the United States Government, was a passenger.The Courier's correspondent at Vera Cruz, writes under date of the 4th inst. that Cohas, with*2.090 men, had been defeated in Oajacaj and-.that Miramon's ex- pedition against Vera Cruz is consequently probablyThe 7emarks in the Queen's recent speech con-.corning the San Juan affair, and the suggestion of marked tbose earlier days, ho steadily bent his strong bis honor, or one who, living, could so ill end; uce to bespect, and in private life ho bore the character of one of the rauJit exemplary of men; his generous heartandsorrow for tbe loss of a friend tban whom rbne was more truthful and honest, of a Senator tha i ^whom none more iilcoriuptible ever uttered a voice, a states- man who, thoupb hb fell too soon, for his < ountry'shis early pioneercompHuiotsin California, yet remain to mourn bis lo^s with fratern&l and unforgetfnl sorrow. In 1850 be was elected to the Senate of Cal- ifornia, and in 1851, be was chvson President of this body, to iilla vacancy, occapioned bv the promotion of Lieut.-Governor McDougal, to tfie Gubernatorialmonument," wbollv complete and finished.Mr. FOSTER (Rep.,Conn^) made some brie: allusion to the vbtues of the deceased. He referr<d to the nianner of his death with the view cf consider ng what action is necessary on the part of the Senate and|8e- livered a homily against dueling an a crime at Dommonmatters required by law, to be given previous to the expiration of.the two ytars allowed to redeem were regular according to.the provisions of this act, and all laws directing or requiring the some or in any matter relating thereto.The bills to extend tbe time for the completion of tho Sodua Point and Southern Railroad, and of the Baflalo and Pittsburgh Railroad were road a third time and passed.»•ASSEMBLY.A Special Committee was ordered to Investigate thegreen material adown the seams, and strapped under his boots, upon the. heels of which appear a pair of silver-plated spurs. His fice, too, is very remarkable, adorned as it is with a mustache, beginning under the nose, and stretching over a good, part of each cheek, and a loDg aoattee, tSick and heavy. Mad. Duchinotx cuarged him with obtaining money under, false pre- tenses. Madame said she wa* induced to take theCount to her house by sympathy—he representing him-self as an exile, and as a gentleman of noble family imguished ability in tbe">arions positions there assigned bim. The distinguishing trait in the late Senator Broderick 'a cbarac er, was his strong unbending will, and the unity and precision of movement it afforded himto carry out his judgment when formod. He bad with legitimate and commendable ambition kept his eyo steadily fixed upon a seat in this august body, astribute to a man who had willfully risked hh life iu. a violation of the laws of God and man. For oi ie, what-, ever rei-pc-ct he might have fi>r the deceasedj he could" not vote for the resolutions of respect. .Mr. FOOT (Rep., Vt.), in behalf of Mr. Wide, who was'detnined from bis seat by indisposition, pr< nOunced a brief eulogy on tbe deceased, ru which he lauded him as an honest and incorruptible man, and t dded hisLuis, and Zacatecaa. The Church forces had been de- feated near Flascsla, with the loss of 100 in killed and prisoners, and a quantity of artillery and munitions. Wa'l is succeesfully opposed" in Jalisco. The Church party's <3overnmen€ is reduced to a small extent of temtorv. Tbo available force of the Liberals is 39,000 men. Miramon, by extraordinary efforts, has nego- tiated the sale of $15,000,000 in bonds for $450,000, through illicit dealing with tbe French Minister, $9,000,000 of these bonds will enter the. Erench Con-*the place, of all others, doomed by himself ana hisfriend>» most suitable for the development of his talents own concurrence to thone sentiments.'{'-.':•and state?xx>an^bip. In this he was sustained by theirsuccessful efforts, aEd in 1856 be was chosen as UnitedStates Senator for the State of California, and took hispeat upon this floor in March of the snecseding year.Bis oificial action in the Senate forms a part of thenational record, and many members now present wereparticipants wkh bim in tbe management of public relative duties bore as American Senators. But, S;r, questions here. Of that record it is not my purpose there were sterling points in his character that wonan inmate ofj the State Lunatic Asylum at Utica. His vented from obtaining by an uncle. Hisfft^tetaerit?J B - ,, death was supposed to bave occurred through violence,as it appearedtnftt deceased had been necessarily hau» lative to services in the late wars in Europe, underavenues of elevation equally to all, whether of high po- standing-the many prejudices thrown around his name, which a partisan opposition had cast upon him, sition or bumble in origin. In his life he was made confi- in such a way as to win my respect and admiratioa., days,]3£@i4prem.: onNew-York,2|®3'1 prem.Nctiiing new from Key West._ ' • • • •Tlte Wew-OTexican Mail.,INDEPENDENCE, MO., Monday, Feb. 13,1860. .. Canal street to Bowery; and a double track along The New-Mexican mails of the "2d, 9th, and 16th Seventy-ninth street, from Second avenuo to Fifthult.,"arrived here last night. • avenue.Col. Fauntleroy has issued orders to furnish an es- , Mr. A.SMITH, for a railroad in Tenth avenue,P r ating Investigating Committee of the Senate on the necessary fruit of his toil. In political conduct he Senator, who never hesitated in the performance of his ; was a chief who ruled leaders, and ordered his succes- ditty. I did not intend to say so much, but for the ap-Saturday, that he received between four and five sors; in bis death he sleeps lamented as one of the parent dissent of the honorable Senator from Con-thousand dollars from Mr. Wendell in 1856 for tbe pioneer, self-made, honored sous of Califomia^—mourn- necticut. He fell, Sir, in honorable combat, in the ed by many, and lost to all. In the ceremonies of thin defenne of his honor; and I think no man, under anyupon bis life and cay that it has been, accord- was then stated.tion on Mx. Gkwsbrenner is said to embrace Mr. followed them strenuously; he followed them with the least pqesible delay, such improvements as issued by the City of Pittsburgh in tbe payment of itsbravely; and his heart was not wanting. BanksofThe Cincinnati Enquirer, Mr. Whiteley And,thoughinflexiblewhenintheparduitoftheseof 7%e Baltimore Clipper, Messrs. Humphrey Mar- purposes and convictions, yet he was of a kind and conciliatory spirit. He-possessed the devotion of histhey mav deem advisable. J Mr.FLORENCE(Ad.Dem.,Pa.)placedinnomi-nation Mr. A. J. Glossbreuner, saying that gentleman.subscription to the charter of the Valley Railroad.>. —: • •Accident*.NEWARK, Monday, Feb. 13, I860.jshal! and Wendell.THB DEMOCRATIC CAMPAIGN COMMITTEE.WHS a practical printer, and if elected would have friends in a moot extraordinary degree, aa I learn from the entire confidence of the Hottse and country.'The City Democratic Convention nonjunatod this afternoon Walter S. Gudnee for Mayor.'• ;—.*._A g r i c u l t u r a l C o n v e n t i o n . NEW-HAVEN, Monday, Feb[l3,1860.per in the chair. The foliowing officers were elected for the ensuing year: President, J. \X- Draper; Vice- Prosidents, L. M. Rutherford, C. A. Joy, J. Campbell;. Corresponding Secretary, A. YT. Whipple; Recordingthoce who were much better acquainted with himLouis Eva, aboy, aged 11 years, and employed in Bishop's factory at the corner of State: and Suffolk Joe Severance, A. D. Banks, Edward BarkBdale, streets, while carelessly stepping across a shafting, and others, were nominated, but afterward were with- was caught by his clothing in tb.e belting, and whirled over the shafting. His right arm was torn out of thetban toys*If. - Mr. Broderick's friends would do The Democratic Congressional Campaign -Com- for any one of his friends all tbat they wouldmittee met this evening, and was composed as fol- do for Mr. Broderick himself. By his own de-votion and sympathy for them, he commanded and drawn.lows; Mr. Vallandigham, Chairman, and Messrs. swayed their feelings and controlled their con- Tbo House then predeeded to vote.duct to a roost remarkable and extraordinary degree. Wholo numbor of vfttOd....l83 Meami. Galea k. Seaton.....The attendance and interest at the Scientific Agricul- Secretary, L. W . Hull; Treasurer, F.W.lGMsea- socket, both legs fractured, and ho was otherwise se- tural Convention increases dairr., Judge French andBigler, Bariadale, Miles' Taylor, English, Bocock, In this body, so far as I could judge, his conduct seemed JIocfiftory to u choice...-.... A3 Mr. Blunohard.......^>..... aadJLogan. Th^y elected M. W . Cluskey, Secre- to be tb«.t or an upright, bold, and faithful public ser^ Mr. Xtafmta. ...,.......'•.... S9 Mr. Mitchell...... UMIIIriously injured. 4 -, ' • ' ••• Messrs. doaiah Quipcy, jr., and Caseius M. Clay have heimer.jr. A brief conversation took place oa thovant He was notapolished man. Hewas,atmo- ments, rash and rough; but his purposes berp/sofar ai I couldjudge, were honest and upright, and with a boldness and Jrankness as open as the day, he spokeman • and we sbaii not look upon hie like agauu Sir, Glouibi efcuerby the DeroocTHto, Mr. Briggs and all the Soudi Axaer- I sllude to the manner of his death only to say, Further proceetlings were interrnptod by a message track hear Kinderhook station at about 7 o'clock thhitary.stabfromhisownfather,who,whileintoxicated,was,?, urged by hia son to retire to bed. 'CHATHAM, Tuesday, Feb. 13,1860.An unknown man was instantly killed by a stock•LUs THE QUARANTINE From an Occasional Correspondent.RIOTS.Inth*> A*»oci»t*«l J?r*4#.Whole nu;nkr Nfrt'H- ary:jft.'tjOales it Seaton.. /.. 921Blancbard2 1WASHI.VOTO», Monday, Feb. I'l, I860.Mr. CHoesbrenner was supported /or House Printer what he thought, and spoke it like a man. He was, a 1/ei'riH'^..fjUiCoouibs...................... 1 train on the Western Railroad while walking on:the 8 9 ]. ' ALBANT, Feb. 11, I860. The bill to deprive the County of Richmond of trialIcans present, excepting Meatrs. Etbendge and btokes. that the manner of i t i s to be ascribed from the Senate announcing the death of Mr. Brod- evening.!; -! » ']•'•;,by jury, and indeed of all trial, for the destruction of will take place to-day from bis late reatdoac«> No. 17& theQuarantinebuildings,stillhangsbeforethoCom- Mulberrystreet,at1o'clock.mittee. Last week a partial hearing was given towhovotedforGale*&>Seaton.Mr.DeiVeesreceivedrathertothevicesofthetunesandofsocioly, erick.the votes of all other* present, including sax. Davis oi than TO any particular vice of his own character. Mr. BURCH (Dem., Cal.) delivered a brief eulogy, Maryland, and excepting Messrs. Stanton, Adams, and He was a man who, from his nature, under the laws saying, in conclusion, that Mr. Broderick's memory Ca*ey. - , of the society in which he bved, could not refuse to will long be cherished by the people of CaUfornia.-v "••-• —••'•;~.,Broderick, to be delivered to-day, but last mght he was ielj! The world had presented W him a rough and romantic hiBtory of his. deceased friend, believing his tally destroyed by fire on Saturday last. Loea $20,000desiredtliat the Committee on the JudSciary suooldbeassociatedwiththem, Onthe9Ux,ilx.J(n^^Qouii- theChicago Presidential C^mtwuMon,ppSSP**sevemJyat'ackedbypleurisy. i- Mr-Jft^worth toteads introducing » bill for thectueorwoulsserveUHagloriousprecedentforthepoor Insuraneeonly$4.O0OvThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069. ^ , >by one absorbing passion—to become quickly rich byadjourned.)I- ;J•, -—*-— :'tbeseason. Miss Lane was I present, and^aljM>,; S^%« State* says, Mrs. Senator Clay. Mad^me.y^LW- burg and other ladies of the^ diplomatic^.tfy^.ym&t metropolitan belles, and numerous fait straoygera. Among the .guests were gentlemen of aU podti<W« mficiency. Prte, too, but at the same time 1< yal and faithful to the Federal Union. The hand tha princi- pally 8hf pefl it was that of David C, Broderic k. Mr. President, when I heard in foreign lands of t ie death of our late associate, I experienced, beside the senti- ment of sorrow which I am sure was conmon to all of us, a keener sorrow that arose from the re- flection that he bad fallen prematurely while yet there was. need and room for furt,be' public service to augment his f»me. But in this [ erred. It is not the amplitude, but the greatness of achieve-Miraroon was preparing his expedition against Vera lucrative and inspiring to humble ambition. Upon Benee of the nation. But I will not dwell up< n it, be- Cruz. He had wised the money for the purpose, and1346, at the ace of 27, he was brought forward by hisfrifrLdii and Dominated for the office of Representativein Cor grew, and we learn wa? defeated by the divi-sion of a vote in his own party in the district. Iu theyear 1849 we find him on the Pacific slope, enteriugwrh couraxej energy, and perseverance upon the newfield, which the then recently-discovered gold-fields of ment that secures the statesman's renown. T ie man- California presented to enterprise; at once the most ner of his death gave a painful shock to tha moralThe schr. Red Fox, fromTampicoonthe6thinst., arrived at this port to-day. She brings dates from Vera Cruz to.the 30th, and from the City of Mexico to tbe 26th ult.morder trials, ete. It provides that the Governor, at the time of certifying the amount charged, may direct whether tbe same shall be paid by the county in wh'ch. such trial shall have been heard, and in case he shall so determine each amount shall be certified by. the Controller to the Board of Supervisors of such county, and the same shall be by them levied and- paid into the Treasury with the next State tax thereafter levied. •—Messrs. John H. Pearson, Cyrus Hill, Williant Walker, George Minot, and Eleazer Jaokson, of Con- cord, N. H , returned Thursday afternoon frwni twodays' fishing excursion to tbe waters about Lj«e;Wifc- nipisseogee, bringing with them 2723 pounds wejight <^f pickerel and trout.—The Baltimore Police Court, on Friday a&ernoo*, was honored with the presence of the Count EdwadL Hermann Jurowitz Ralletty, who waa introdndod by Officer King of the police. The Count is a man Of about forty, six feet high, of a singularly military air and manner, dresses in military style, with a-black raglan, braided on the sleeves and back, a double- breasted frock coat,.which he wears buttoned to thethis new theater of activity and ceaseless toil he was cause if he could hear me he woull forbid all com-" was concentrating his troops at the capitpl.Mr. TOOMBS—Mr. President, I desire to announcecircumstances attending the death of N. Tarbell, \^hile Moldavia, where he has an estate which he is pre-my entire concurrence in these resolutions. My ac- 1ver-tion as foreign debt.Mr. Matthew, tbe English Charged had presented anUa man whom I considered an honor to the Senate. HeaspociatioDs.Mr. POND gave notice of a general bill to authorizethe formation of gas and wafer companies.BILLS INTROnUCJEO.By W . A'. SMITH—To repeal the act of 1859, amend- rived slowly, and sold readilv at 4J reals for Clayed, in? the act to provide against unsafe buildings in New-and 51. for Muscovado.' Exchange on London, sixty York:was one of tbe best specimens of a self-made Amer- ican springing from the ground. Prom the ver v humblest walks offr'ocibty,by the virtue of strongthof ehacacterGovernment by the latter. Degollado takes tho place vacated. Ocampo leaves in the English packet of the 5th of March. • .?.*The stock of sugar at Havana and Matahzas wasnumber of bis letters to Madame, they -were placed in the bands of Mr. A. Shucking, who inquired fully into tbe origin of the Count, and concluded that he wag aaimposter; and informfng Madame Duchinoix, she had him arrested. .The Count was sent to jail for another hearing. He is,said to have figured extensively at the North, under the title of the Count Askowskii Kisfal*- dy, Chef d'Escadroh, nephew to the late lamentedford. ••:-., : .*......•.'.'• , ' . .Skater frowa Mexico.NEW ORLEANS, Monday, Feb. 13, I860.quaintance with Mi . Broderick commenced Lere, andwas purely and exclusively of a public cHarac'ter, andI bad not the pleasure of a personal acquaints nee out ultimatum* asking full payment of his claims within Asylum. Nothing appeared on the face of the memo- rently truthful as to gain credence of even gentlemenside of our public capacity in the performanc e of oureight days, in default of which he would demand his passporta. Little confidence was placed in his sinceri- ty. Seiior Ocampo had resigned the Ministry of For- eignAffairetoaccepta.ppecialmissiontotheUnited Sttt.es and Eocland, connected with intervention byrial to implicjate toe emplovees of the Asylum.Prince Ghika, Major of Cavalry, &c.LATER FROM HjLYTLBy the arrival of the brig Echo at this port, we have received our Hayti files to Jan. 2Lpassing each way, meeting at Cimerone Springs.The escort- tbat came with this mail-will remain at along Forty-second.street, Tenth avenue,.Thirty-fourth ment in Hayti, ahd is much commented on by thePawnee Fork until the mail which leaves here to-day street, Broadway/Twenty sixth street, Fourth avenue, journals. Le Progres comes to us in mourning for Mr. Wright wys appointed a member of the Com-r arrives at that point. Union place, Fourteenth street, Avenue A, First street,.purpose of organizing a third party iu Pennsylvania sad tribute to the memory of your late associate, Sena- circumstances, can have a more honorable death. Hepreceding the Gubernatorial and Presidential elec- tors, may I not remark upon the solemn thought, is gone, Sir. Let him rest iu peace. Earth's highest cort to the mail party once a month, till the Indian Forty-second street, and other streets in New York.tions, which the Democracy regarded as impera- which the occasion induces lis to realize—in the midst . honors end here, and its dust to dust concludes our of life wo are in death ! We, too, must soon comply noblest son?. - stively necessary to secure the State for Mr. Bn- with Nature's sure demand, and leave these earthly Tbe resolutions wore adopted and the Senate ad- chanan. That money WAS applied to the object. scenes *or that " bourne from whence no traveler e'or -ourned.troubles on the plains shall cease or be suppressed.An escort will leave both Santa F6 and Pawnee Fork on tbe first of. each month, to protect the mailsreturns." Mny wo not earnestly lope, when the j This met establishes that the public money derived present »nd manv future generations shall have passed irom printing and other jobs and assessments in away, that our Union wilTstand agah»*$ every political- . • _HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.departments, was used to start the Fillmore move- tempest, transmitting to posterity the blessings of. isitec on the District of Columbia, in place of Mr. "Responsible parties at Santa Fe are preparing to Houston street, Cannon street, Grand street, to the the late hero of Harper's Ferry. On the 20th ofliberty inherited from our fathers; and may we not ment on a practical basis, which was, afterward eonti:;ce, with cue regard, to submit to nim, whose Tendered formidable by contributions from New- decrees ano final. Mr. .President, I offer tbe followingpetition tbe Postmaster General to annul tbe present ferry. Returning through East street, Broome street, January a mass was chanted in commemoration "of3fork, through which the side-door operations weremanaged and Mr. Fremont defeated. Movementsresolutions:Rexolz<dr That th« members of the1 Sc-unte, from a sincere deMTt*of showim; rvery ir.ark of raapect to thn merrmty of tho Hon. David C. itorodexick, deceased, and late a m«mb«r thereof,Committee..On motion of Mr. CRATG (Ad. Dem., Mo.)7 a reso-A resolution bad parsed the New Mexican Senate requesting Judge Benedict tb resign.iI Iare now on foot to repeat this game next Fall, but •w-Hl go into nionrniug by WCUTUJJ ciapc on tho left arm for thirtyother officers of New-York comihar up, Mr. MASTER- several columns to editorial comments which are far 1 when the members may introduce bills and resolution* Five tiinert ol Ihdians were passed at the crossingof SON proposed to lay it on the table. Car -ied. twith lees prospect of success.THE SUPREME COURT.but they offered no molestation, The main portion ofthat tribe are on the Upper Cimerone in a starving'.con- loss and damage done by the'Quarantine burnings,holding Jury of Cbarlesto wn.From'the Eeuille de Commerce we translate the foX lowing:^"The cause of the abolitien of Slavery has jm* counted another martyr. This' fact, however in- different it may be to others, cannot be so to us, de- scendants as we are of the persecuted race of Africa.1 1 ( 'jGarrett, who was excaEed. •,.'. '.'••. contiact, and agreeing to carry the mail once a week. Mr. Prybr was excused from service on the same furnishing their own escort. IManpin street, Houston and Second streets, to connect with the track iu Avenue A.By.Mr. C. KELSEY—To consolidate the Brooklyn Central and Jamaica Railroads. iThe resolution respecting tbe fees of tbs Sheriff and" the frightful martyrdom of the Abolitionist John " Brown, by the infamous ruffians of the Southern por- " tion of the American Union." The papers give thefull details of the execution of Brown, and devotelution was adopted that on Wednesday at 1 o'clock the Clejk shall csll the. States, commencing with Maine,Very deep snow and cold weather were encountered by this mailpartv. , , -,'-'•>1'{ofwhichpreviousnoticehasbeengiven,forreference theArkansasRiver.SomehostileKeowaswerethere, Theresolutionsoiinquiryastotheexpenditureon fromcomplimentaryto"lejngeParker"andtheslaveMr. CRITTENDEN—I shall make but a few re- ceedings of tbe Pacific Railroad Convention held atmarks, Mr President, for it seems to me there is a co'd San Francisco in September last, and moved that the tain life.thedrainageofCayugaMarshes,andtleamountof were adopted. : Adjourned.«Message of Gov. tetchier.RICHMOND, Monday, Feb. 13, I860. Gov. Letcher sent in a message to the Legislaturedition,- they being compelled to eat their,ponies to sus- till May, or take a recess and prolong, the term jtolemnitv hangincr about us, and the language of the subject be referred to a Select Committee of Xine. ST. Louis, Monday, Feb. J3, I860.The Supreme Court will e'ther sit continuouslyttntil the beginning of June. Judge Taney has not grave is"brief, it does not become us to use the lan- Mr. SHERMAN (Rep.. O.) objected, saying that he The Santa F6 correspondent of Tlie Republican saysBeen by his colleagues, though reported improving. and the flattered an; aBke no more. Tbat belongs to Mr. MAYNARD (S. Am., Tenn.-l asked, but failed bly protecting Shivery in the Territory of New-Mexico, to-day, giving a history of the requisition for Coppee, This event must weigh upon our. hearts as a public Judge Daniel has returned to the city, but has not this world, and not to that. I knew Senator to'obtata, leave to introduce a resolution providing for and on tbe next day a resolution was almost uuuimous- and denouncing the duplicity of Gov. Iftrkwood of calamity. John Brown, jvirh his noble co-workers,Brod<-riok, but I had not known him for many years. the selection of Beats bv throwing for them. )y adopted requesting him to resign tnfe Speakership, Iowa in aiding his escape. He mges prou pt action on has been sent to an ignominious death on the gallowa i heen able to resume h*s duties. He walks out oc- His story wo have had as expressed in tbe^ brief and Mr. HOUSTON (Dem., Ala.) thought there was no which he did. He subsequently resigned his seat m the part of tbe South, to put itself in a portion where And this in a country where liberty appears to have-casionally, but is feeble and evidently sinking. I t clear language of the Senator from California. I have necessity for this, as every seat belonged to every tbe House and went home Mr. Cuellarwas elected it can secwe the. punishment of those who oflend its grandest inspiration, and where nothing Is said ornothing to add to that description. He was, indeed, member. Speaker in bis place, and the bill in question vas re- against ite laws. done but in the name of liberty; it is in this country, it 5s much feared that Mr. Buchanan will have to fill aa the aenntor has well waid, no ordinary man. David The Hcuse voted on tbe motion of Mr. BURCH to ferred to a Select Committee, who reported m favor of The Joint Committee on the South Carolina Mission "*m the United States, in fact, that this man, who de-two vacancies on the bench before the expiration of C Broderick wi» it.peculiar and extraordinary man, suspend the rules to enable him to have the Pacific its rejection, which was done without a dissenting reported the following resolutions to the Legislature manded liberty for an unjustly oppressed and enslaved'his term of office. That position was once his and all tbe course of bis life marked bim as such. He Railroad Convention proceedings at San Francisco re- voice. occupied no position in life, high or low, upon which ferred to a select Committee.• -to-day:Knotted, That the Gcnnrnl Assembly of Virgin a, recomlzine in our prenent relationtt with Non-Slavoholding States an impon>race, is shamefully, dragged to the scaffold? Join*. Brown and hisiriends, perhaps, too quickly abandoned themselves to despairMbut shall we therefore say thatlughest ambition.THE MEXICAN TREATY.By an omission in my dispatch yesterday, Mr. ing to the extent of »t, more decidedly34cX.aoe was represented as intending to return to traceable and more decidedly marked, thanthat of David C. Broderick. He made his Hexico, which he docs not contemplate, whether way through all the difficulties of his earlybo did not leave bin deep impression. Ho made h/B The question was negatived by 71 against 96.mark wherever ha stood, and no man can look back Mr. Sherman's motion on the election of a PrinterThjefWew " Coiatiiaeiital H o t e l . " tlve necessity for decisive meaanreg, doe* not vol mlatruist tho the hour of emancipation for our unhappy brethren ie capacity of tbo Southern St&tos, by a vrlso and fifm exercise ofPniEADELPHiA, Monday, Feb. 13,1860. th.-.ir worked powers, to proteot the riRbts and liberties of the not yet come ? However it may be, the blood of On motion of Mr. PHELPS (Ad. Dem., Mo.) there Paran Stevens's new "Continental Hotel" was ptsovle, and to preuerve the Federal Union. For thin John Brown guarantees that it is at hand. ReassurvMr. PETTIT (Rep., Ind.) nominated John'D. De- frees, also a practical printer,.Mr.Glo3ibreneor.••......... 88Mr.FlauuganThe House again-voted..~..'&*»mA map n^med Wm. Schvreifczeri residing Iu the; justarnvedmtown. AU of tbemare to lecture., ' Eleventh Ward, was last night seriously injured by aobject of the application of. certain chemical elemento (ombined with light and heat in the production of pho-ographs;andthemeetingadjourned.>^^The funoral of Mr. Thomas Bennett, a prominent Republican of the 14th ward, and member of the *?oa- ti.al {Committee, who died on Sunday, in his 33d yewm-BT ;' Kviis-The large woolen and cloth factory near Brboklyn- the remonstrants by the Committee of Commerce. On —The Republican State Convention of Maasacbw- Senator Douglas had prepared a eulogy on Mr. xneet any man in such a conflict as that in which he Mr. HASKIN (A. L., N. Y.) gave the eventful and C. W., owned by Mathewson &; Kateliffe, was to. discovering the nature of the questions invoked, they setts^to Belect four delegates forthe State atlarge tm-Untitled Document; 'Total..........295olsima..$56r/l»!jl7:ing at the ferry at the west end of Forty-second street,Tbe John Brown aftair^is creating a great excite-thrown open to the inspection of the stockholders and purpose, we earnestly desire tho concerted action yourwelve*, ye slaves, nothing is loat; liberty is im- oi the Sonthera States, but the Geoerai Asserx^blr respectfullywas a cadi of tbe House.Mr. Sherman's motion to proceed to the election of a others this evening, including a great, number of Iadios. subtbitB to lho consideration of South Carolina,' and all »iater mortal. Brown and his companions have sown thiaretain the right to modify ezisung lawson the subject Mates as may be proper, than through the agency.of aaarnwm-of printing, as it may see ©roper; the Printer receiving Several of the stores on the first floor were also blnio which can exerciKe.no loginlative power*. ex£«pt to debate The Hayti papers are so full of John Brown, that' Fire.TORONTO, C.W., Monday, Feb. 13,I860.4awards,..;«•*• M^<ww8MaaaMBia>ww<BBma[CBaBlock blver Canal '................. Sawards. S 3,336 18 of Maryland. He was a native of TaIbot\^Em(^Genesee Valley Canal......... ...v. 18awards,T otal............... i....496 awards.. $275,650 37died in a ropgh manner before being taken to the Garibaldi and in the Hungarian army, were so appa-4s *Bn day********»«reply'^^^B^djeyfortheremonstrants.Itappe^gTlfiZ* ^t^ro membersofthoCommittee^S'j ^ ^Jgefartherhearingwas,aftersomeconveraatSThZ t>^en:^emembersoftheComrmtteoTewmfSJfeg S § 8 | i P TM < i to Tuesday rtw£$&$M& W^dratthedesireofL OonnS^ o^SMrW^r^d^v'mPortanceoftheprinciplesinrolfed\ Wttcceeter on tie 7th of March.^ S ,•m&m^ zzm'' 'who bad served there. His first appearance was at""•.;'•"'' ,Jwww.fultonhistory.comiH I 11 iim i lM i M r t B MMMMWMMIWIf 