 i.'. ', "i ' ','-'-'houesUy what he knowa, * -*•{,-from Troy. From present indications, there will'the question will never be settled till the interminable negroaway the Summer because, we were sure to win for its neglect of legitimate duties to stray after false gods,' &c.j. rounding counties, some from a-distance of forty miles, hold a Congressional Convention to nominate candi- exprefrfieB bia opinion of epme prominent gentlemen asn*• W e prefer them for family uae."—[Tribune. "They are th* favorite* foriuniliea.'*—tTimea.Omc4,No.50ftBroadway, New-York.GROTXR&BAKER'SCELEBRATEDNo*KUXM 8* wure-KAOxntxa. The E*»4inUae for Famlry Sewing.No. 49ft Broadway, New-Y ork. No.18*Fnlton-et.,Brooklyn."as the woman wrote to Lord Byron on a kindred occasion, " with dilicici; all maybe made easy.','K. Kane wrote to Mr. Polk a private bet-ter (which " we tried hard to induce Mr. in a mere State Election! Hence, a heroic army of rank andson, and others, -iGeneral Nye remained to speak again in the even- lnaugural!o21 of the Perry Statu*.BusincBi I Notices.FUSED AT E.A8T!The BTecKinridge and Douglas State Committee*-—to the poll \,o deposit his vote for Y>ele, Jnypox, and t e n BrecKinrld£ei Elecvore. % sjbrikwtie ^ h a t hiscountenancewillweararoseatehueaboutihatMovements <*f **eneral Walker,BOSTON,- Saturday, Sept. 8,1800.? TE€ve;Machine**»"Lock-Stftch"jMachine* Theiraticheaare neitherlocked,fastenedatthe''nda,norehmticThere1»but one ScwhogMachinw Stitch it une (the GROVER &. BAKKR)whichi»locked,fasteneditthiiendu,elaatic,andmadedirect from two epoola,'withoat wind ng, and the people are finding itoot.'MR. HOWE'S SEWING MACHINEPATENT IS EX-TKNoan »ox Sxvxs YRAKa^-Tho fact K the value of Mr. BoW aindention M exhibited in the new GUOVXR & BAJCXK FAXH.IT SKWI^« MA<JK««X w a i an unanswerable argnmont for the extenaion. N o one who hi i »een THK CROTER k, BAKXR in the family, changing toil into p taHime, and work into play, can doobttheproprietjo*thisext>n«lon. ,.high dudgeon; but, after they had done so, the Henry Clay and Theo. Frelicghuysen, both SoftscavedandacceptedtheHard'proposition. decided,'well-known, UfeloogProtectionists.upon a state of general Fusion. , H e seems not to besatisfiedwiththeresultofMslabors,judgiog from the following impudent message which thissovereigns. You can exercise your sovereignty inyourSi-ateGovernment and the House and Senate,atdthroughthemovertheTerritories.Why,then,should you wish to go to Kansas or New-Mexico,leaving your pleasant homes for the purpose of exer-cising a tovereignty there that you now can exercise this morning, and J o'clock was fixea for tbe hoar of— *i—The Tnrf.-Poti-OfFce addreiw. Box N o 3,800T>fE STEREOS-x>pic EwpoEruM,- ,defeat'the object we had in view. v—Do you hear, M r . Ottendorfor?," aTmy"—to Wit, the Democratic masses—" are " going to battle withouUheir customary geaer&ls"be assisted by a Widc-4wake chorus of 100 voicea. —A meeting of the Fourteenth Ward Wide-A wakes** JE. Airrxojrr, No. 501 Broadway.Cifflogtoi §«nt on ftv^ipt ty itaoip. i*BOtoeraphio xaatenal*for MEiitnnr, and lb" t>0(1.-.KADICAL GUKE OF HEKNIA.—Dr. S. N. MARSH,of thewrel-known houseof3[AKSRit.Co., No 2 Veaey-st, N. Y., devote* spoclal aU«rutios to the nurgical adtptitlon of hi* RADICAL CVHK TKHSS to aU i »se* of raptore, however coinpli' cate<t A >uii to Ukdr eaut ili»bmeut wiil satisry patienta or th*-ir ph7«iciiu>« thai he 1»prepared to treat all oa*«* requiring xutdici utogerv, w u b »ai 1 and aacceM. Also, u hego assorUnent of b»U >«nd li»l« '1bread Kin itlc Sto-^dnga tor varicose Veins. FemaieSupportersSh-t»lJ*rtr»ce«,improvedSui»pen»oiyBand- age.'.a*.dInstruments:"o:p^jn<caldVf.rm^ies. •Giye us an old Kurse for diseases incident to theperiodtfTeethinginChildr*n. Here youhavethatoldNurse foe 25 cent*,. In the form of M);». WIMSI^)VI« SOOTHINC SIXCV.l^ii^nalSUiM0KDA7, SEFIEMBER 10; 1860.CHARLES H. WEPTXKVBIT is an agent in CHESTER, Orange Co., N . Y ., for th»> sale of TJ» CTRJKUNK.was held latt Saturday evening at their Headquarters, ,a8 I had been toward him. Inasmuch as my con- No. 426 Broome Etre&t. A large number ot name*THE TKIBCNXts PITTSJAWIH.—Jonjfw. PITTOCX,Masonic can have THE 'lKiBUAX propptly' served b y carriers in almostall parts of the city. . it 'H. H. LA.NTX, NO. 23 EA»T MARKET SWCARX. REAJB'NO;Pa ,has THE TRIRC.SE for sale.active and relentless opponents of Protection•132.24. FRjC'A\E^FENSCHFJD HATIMAKUPACTURER, has just wereinsession\atseparatehotelsinourcity Introduced the Fail Faehion ftr OXNTT.KXBN'R HATH; alao, aherfromherdevotiontoRepublicanism. Greatuse has been ma&eef the defalcation of Elder Peck,The bark Carib. at tbie pot*- rrom j Truxillo, Aug** furtheranceofprinciplesthatcoxddnotprevail.The 18,reportsthatGeneralW4k»;^«forcecondwedofmoment.~OurNR^-YoRKSmijrs, madetomeasure,all foraFusionoftheirrespectivepartiesuponacom- ,; A C3KEAT FR AUTO BE VIVED.utj'•• p»cul>»rly adapt.-d to JO;I is m«»,which, in the enxeuti.il <jwalitl*-»oi tint-ne** *l**Ucity, < lUiabMiy,mip*tsed. 6ivebintacallatSo.118Nwwi *t.throughout Friday and Saturday last, alternately submitting, considering, and 'rejecting proposalslate State Treasurer, and every exertion made tooverride the National with local and personal is- Mr. Bell. Tho "irrepressible conflict" was between•let*, warranted.Embroidered;Snixts promptly made.-• PKRKWO, NO 61NM«au-ttsues. The Breckinridge men supjport Smart, the DOuglas Democratic candidate for Governor, though they willrun a separate Electoral Ticket.Death of Sir Oeotee Simpson. MONTKKAJO. Friday, Sept. 7-J I860.SMOOTH NAMSS IX[ THE UNINITIATKD."A. TRICK OT.THR SXV rxa-M ACHiirx TRADK. To•dwlia© Rotary-Book Iu iXhtr-Pad Machlne« andcandidates on the State Ticket This the Softs peremptorily rejected: they were willingtogivejuet before parsed by the Wfeigs. She was not TheBellmenpretendto have adistinct organization;Congressional Nomination*Shuttle.onlyhighlypToeperous,butSatisfiedwithherpros-sixElectorsandthetailendoftheStateTicket, perityandanxioustopreserveit.TheWhigc<n-theState(ofwhichheisanative)urgingthemtoWe told the Hards at the start that they hadonly to keep a stiff upper lip, aud they could have whatever they might see fit to ask, because the Softs could not do without them. They have done pretty well; but they might have had as many Electors as.the Douglasites, tossing a coppor for . > the odd man, if they had resolved to take no loes^ TheDeai-Richmoudcliquewantthe"Governor;—to wit, the *Postmasters and Cusfcom-House self bound to be as generous toward mothey have precious little hppe of carrying theElectorsanyhow; andanyarrangementthatgavoThu8 Pennsylvania ,was carried and Polk andy Dallaselected;andtheresultwastheprostrationofout,to-morrowor-nextday,-thattheyhave,in almoettwoihirdeofthewholenumber;butwhenit Wm.A.Knapp;M,JohnWanly;4th,JacobVonGerichien; effect, won a victory. But if they are really such was found that the^large majority supporting me could 5th, Tbomrta Hart; (idi, John IL Skarror.hotbecompelledtosuccumbtotheminority,thede- —Wegivebelowtheorderforageneralparadeof poor sticks that they can do nothing except under feated candida»:ea formed a combination to break up the the Wide-Awake& of the city, oh the occasion of the-'13.ii.i 'oi ti Iktm14. Cn< 15.M;c16. PKT 17. G>:0 18. :W^. 19.20. jy>H.» 21.NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE,MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 18G0.MAINE holds her State Election to-day; and the their time-honored memories for th« living isroea of the most desperate efforts Jhave been made t o Srjerve - /present. I t was similar with hi» Democratic friends. Tbey were wasting th*ir time and their money for the:• ":^\mon Electoral and State Ticket.- The ultimatum In the year 1844, the Siafe of PeuTfeylvania was oftheHardswasfinallyreached—oneStateElec- flourishingassheneverhadbeenbeforeorhasbeen tor, nine District Electors, and twoof the four since, under the influence of the Protective Tariffman that could not be elected was Mr. Douglas. Every vote for him in the North counts for Mr. Breck- inridge, and in the South it counts for Mr. Lincoln oronly ninety-two.meu. He was da.'Iy expecting re«a- forcementa. The city was nearly deserted, and bostaesa was at a stand-still.accepted,bythenu StilljtheHards,considering TradebythepowerofthetriumphantDemocracyinihetwothirdsrule,asinformercases. Whatexcuse does Breckinridge' make for breaking up the Convea- tion? Mr. Breckinridge, three day3 ago, made a stumpthe amount of capital they bring into the concern, have made a pretty good bargain.We like the square, businees-like way in whichthis affair.ha8 been managed. The Breckinridge recovered from the blow thus inflicted.officers and Postmasters, what will become of them during the next four years, with the Repub-gani/.ationB of the city to be not leea than four 'th&u-men have met the Softs, not only as equals, but asMr. Stephen A. Douglas was among the mostenemies./Itwasperfectlyunderstoodthroughout" was lost on either side." The Hards still regard entered Congress (the House) in Dec, 1843, andIn conformity with resolutions of tho Wide-Awake General pledged,oyhisnomination,totheidenticalprinciples Committ-eeandBoard ofOtiiceraoftheWide-Awake orgaufcto- to which lam irrevocably committed. How can a tioiiftinthc City aud County of New York, the Ward aud ludc-Jft*i 23. JOtHHall, Fifth iitreet, is OUTAgeijt in PJTTSJH;ROH, and subscribers that (as; with'the Babes in the Woods) " Notlove throughout the struggle just glanced at. Hethe rule.of Richmond,' Cagger & Co. as corrupt, voted, within three weeks, thereafter, for Mr. MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH. tyrannical, and demoralizing. They coalesce with Rhett's motion for the repeal of the Tariff of '42.themonlytosubserveaparty'exigency..The HevotedagainandagainaguaudfcProtectioninany everlaintendedfox Ionmustbeauthenticatedbythe principlesofthetwofactionsareutterlyatvari- shape,evenIncidental;fora2()percent,uniformfor Governor, Robt. Campbell for Lieutenant-Governor, aud tho ,-25. J.l'H? •26 T. I JoHI W.if*J'HI28. Mr' "NAMEiit'" Thefol •evening," P.A.INew-Ort.-W.GA AMA>T»AP. *'.M r . ,S> '•T.C;]. . Mr.-Pj Mrs' BTO COM '.SP0NDJBNT8. Nonoticecanbetakenof mymouaCommunications.-Nouintervention. [Cheers.] Andwhen youshaii^ Inspector. ''• • , , « ' • • ' havedonethat,howcany*urefusetoauBtaiumeon Thelinewill beformedat!>io'clockprecisely.UDdertheWhat- name sod address of the Iw—not necessarily for puCUoa-FromWa§liingrton,WASHINGTON,Sept.9,1860*• 'tbesameplatformintheNationalConvention?[Cries hasbeennitde:.07\ •"•;.':--.',.- ,;."•;-'•.The protocols were not completed at our last ad- They were undeniably supporters of the Tariff ofvices; but there can be no doubt that they will be '42. Against them stood. James K. Polk and model Whig has juBt addressed to the Democratic_ PHILAI>KLPHIA,Saturday,Sept.8,186Q. The inflation of Prof. Lowes balloon was resumeduTHEStTheA which -elin due'aeason, The anti-Republican Fusion State Ticket willthen stand: . •'For Governor—WILLIAM KELLY, Rbinebeck.For Lieut.-Gov.—HBNRY K . VIELE, Buffalo.For Canal Com'r— JOHN M. JAVCOX, Syracuse. - •To the PretidentofNEW-YORK, Sept. 8, I860.the TJnttcj. State*.. For Priton Inspector—WILLIAM C. RHODES, Elmira.—ItmaytakesometimetoadjusttheElectoral ofPennsylvaniabelievePolkandDallas favor-ablo to Protection, or Clay would surelyTicket, the putting off of ten Electors from theWHEELER <& WILSON'S SSWTNG-MACHINES. Douglas ticket being a rather invidious labor; but, carry the State and be elected. Hence, JohnGeorge M. Dallas—the former always previously an extreme Free Trader;;, the latter a Democratic half-way Protectionist .It was necessary to carry Pennsylvania for them or Mr. Clay would be elected; it was necessary to make the DemoocatsPresident of the Union:hero over a territory that your country owns and con-trols ? Why give up your sovereignty here withoutthe power of gaining it in Kansae, as her representa-tive has no vote in Congress 1 Why not exercise yoursovereignty here? Slavery was [not prohibited in theNorth-West Territory by the people of that Territory,but by Congrees, which alone has tho power over theTerritories. In conclaftion, he slid he bad confidence, for $1,000 came off between Edward Everett and Le«file, going to battle without their cuBtornary Generate, will be ThestickwillprobablybeontheStateElector,if Kanetopublish,butwithoutsuccess,)towhich routedbythewtll-dtillodenemy. Uponyou,iaalltherenpon-ing. To-nightthereisagrandtorchlightprocession.I>oiiglas at Reading.*. . HISVIKWSON FUSION.CLEVELAND, Saturday, Sept. 8,1860.1 Gov.SpragneofRhodeIsland,withthemembersof the State Legislature and the Governor's Guard, ar-rived to-day, and will attend the inauguraion of the Perry statue on the 10th inst. The Governor aud his BtafTwerewelcomedbyGov.D^nnisonofOhio,inaGidt en J. Tucker shall be insisted on by the Hards,'for it trill be tough to take down the nam Jof Chan-Mr. Polk responded publicly in his famous Kane letter, declaring himself for "fair and equal Pro- "tectioutoAgriculture,Manufactures,'andalleiWJity. sung—One word from you, and w e all could have merrilycellorWalworthandputGideou'sinitsplace.ETJREKA SEWING-MACHINES can now be pur- Still, necessity knows no law but the lav< of doiog "our National interests," &c. This loiter was pire Slate One word from you, and we have but one ElectoralHKAMNO, Pa., Sa,urday. Sept. 8, 1860. speech. The Guard goea into a camp with the OhioChaaed and p«id fur in W x x CXT or MOSTHXT IN»TAI.LXKST». Office N o . 4J« B«>*dway. Cl^bmroppUod. AgenU wanted.GAS FIXTURES.BAX.X., Buci St.Co., Horn 366 a s i 6«7 Broadway, Corner i if r*rlnce-«t.,IxaABttoxto their large itoc it of rich Goona, offer for wle a i*r*»M«Ht8*nit of CMASX>XI. xx» and G*» FIXTWKXS OI every description, mxsdof the a»we(| ttylea, both foreign and domertir iBMAfeotarea.BA TCHELOR'S HAiri D Y E , W ig and Toupee"JJPaotory, No. 16 Bovdit. rVfl/ate entrance for ladiea.^The.dye appBeoin the gky-lutDtrootciSP ALDING'S PBKP ARED GLUE.' ETorrbwryabonidhavea >ott*e."—ITdhune. . _ Kex SALR KTXRTWXXIIX.ManmactoradbyH.C.STAJ>XS«&Co..Ho.i8 CedaMt.as you rriust; and if Green & Co. will have it, the thing is already as good a« done.—Whenitwassupposedthefusionhadfailed, the Hard State Committee, on Saturday morning, passed a series of fiery resolves, including this:Resolved, That though we desired to unite with the Richmond organization, for the sole pmpose of defeating Lincoln and Ham- lin in this State, we cannot accept as a basis for combined action against.the Republican party a less number of electors than the Richmond orgaiuzation have already given upon their ticket to those hereditary foe's of the Democracy, the Know-Notbinga; to accept a less number would be humiliating, and would dissatisfy the National Democracy of the, State to au extent that wouldtrumpeted by his supporters as a full, unequivocaladhesion of Mr. Polk to the Protective policy, andTicket to run against the Common Enemy. -Or, if others nih a ticket in apite of you, it will hpt poll votes; enough to rank amo^g the respectable scattering. You, and you alone, can nowIn noticing somegremarks made by Mr. Hiester,' who introduced him to the meeting,.-Judge Douglas t-aid: I wish to God we bad a General Jackaon at this day, in order that he might grapple with Northern) Abolitioniem and Southern SfcesBionitun, trample"them underfootj and bury them both in a common grave.)volunteer militia and other companies* from abroad.The Oreat Western Raff way.soundness of Ciny and Polk as. P.rotectioaists—andHughes was held by bis partisans to have achievedmy name, lhad a right to expect that under precisely Bimilar circumetances he would have felt him-iftpi** ".-..•>»>• • • ' * * »Slavery and Freedom. The Republicans occupied theside oi Freedomj and the Democracy that of Slavery.The Northern WI»K of the Democracy say they do notcare anything about Slavery, and the Southern wingsay that Slavery is right. Popular Sovereignty,a* diedatLachinethismorning. understood by the Democracy, was the aaoft unreal_ . AMiXSTOws,Pa,,Saturday,Sept.8,1860. butnothingmore.Herethepartiesseparatedin didates*forPresidentandVi^e-PresidentweregivetheirvottsfortheDouglascandidateandenteryounwohave.HereinMichiganyouarepopularCongre,wiintheSevontldistrictto-day.it was steadily asserted by.them that he was at .unlre the Opposition of the North, and forbid the election of aleast as thorough a Protectionist as Mr. Clay. Northern sectional, geographical, President, puipoaely selectedHAMILTON, C. W ., Saturday, Sept. 8, 1860. Great- Western Railway traffic for the week ending Jaet night was $50,500, an iacraaae of upwardofTHEDAXLTTRisrxx,anithenecessiQr ofputting thefirsttogivenoticetoourMendsthathereafteralladvertisements "consents,"saysJohnA.Green."IpaythywholeCengressioualcareer.Onthe1stofMarch,plywiththiademand,Spainwill,accordingtore;theusagesof.theDemocraticparty.[Criesof"You Postley,compri»iugtheTenth,'Eleventh.ThirteenthFonr-Although our Government, in the absence of. Lapris- pose he would not have said to; but it only shows his The Fourth Division, under the command of Marshal Eleaaer Notices on the fourth page ot"the paper. That class of adver- Wood. Neither faction trusts the other out Goneral Appropriation bill being under considera- tive sanction, has no power to interfere between the ignorance of Democratic usages when he makes that Jackfon, comprising the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth,tisements will be received until a late hour, but no others can be taken after 8 o'clock.The Kepublican Central Campaign Club acting inconcert with the State Committee, is perfecting iuea»ures to sup-ply Speakers to any portion of ow State as they may be wanted.It isnotexpected that the {recise speakora who may bepre-ferred can in all cases be sent, but that fit and effective speakerswill be found to address all meetings, whether County, Town,Or otherwise. T o this *nd, it i« requested that every one ableof sight: they' know each.other jfcoo w^ell. AU\ tion—Mr. Douglas said: ,. affectationof"generousconfidence"isleftto "Tamforareductionofthetariff toastrictrevenue stand-Brooks, Hunt and Duer. Thtir Electors are kept ard. I am a FR-KX-TRAPK MAX TO THK FITLLKST BXTBWT that w e mum, in order to help Cagger & Co. rope in the' can carry it, and at the same time coUect revenue enough to de- fray the expenses of the Government. In other words, I am fortwo parlies, its views will doubtless bo sufficiently Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth Waid Wide-Awakes, will forna ou made known to Her Catholic Majesty's Government. declaration. I received a two-thirds vote in the Conven- Fourteenth street, north side, right on Third avenue.tion after the bolt, but less than atwo-thirda vote of the The Marshals are charged to instruct the Commaudents to form ThedispatchofalargeUnitedStates.navalforceto wholeConvention;henceIwasnominatedinthesame inonerank,andthopositionincoluamofroarohwillbethatthe Gulf of Mexico, is more especially for tbe protection of American persons and property—a measure justified by the peril to which they will be exposed in the event of hostiliti*is between Spain -and Mexico.It is considered highly in portant.that our diplomatictions^ will be held in this City on the night of the,3dofOctober. Anadvertisementtothiseffect morrow;weshallpollThreeHundredandTwentyiispnbiishedit»ourcohimns.Onethousandareex- pected from Albany, idx hundred from Hartford, five hundred from New-Haven, and five hundredto Three Hundred and Fifty Thousand on the 6th it muut reduce the expenditures or increase tho revenue- The continually arriving, bearing lmuienBO numbers of lcm and belting? How would it work at youronlyrentcdyisaprtper tariff. Whenthetariffwasproposedhi •strargerstoattendtnegreatRepublican'demonstritiou electionsforGovernor?Wnenonemancomesfor- proudoftheirdemonstration,andtalkconridentlyofspecialityoffaithandsntnusiasm,whichtheslave-thateffortwillnotavail.Andstilltheeffortwill drivipgparty cannot 0>mpete with..Arouse yourselves, Republicans of New-York! for Oneofihemoststartlingandghastlycatastro-youhavenotanhourtodreamortosquander!think of it. 'This man has been speaking and through the fctreete, was very fine. Noticeable among bolt, and thus runa one-third candidate, and then de- no power.over the ballot-boxfs. Everett .has never saany hundred si jiiar demonstrations wae an immense mand a, compromise and fusion'. Then again, whenvoting against the Protective policy, for twenty- "plattcrm car "from A-lleghan Cuuhty, drawn by twelve you-come to. nominate candidatee for the Legislatute,, been anything better than a rose-water politician; aphesyetmarkingthe<angersofthedeepisre-corded- io our columoe. The steamer L-»dy Elgin,"The Philistines are upon you!" but'Samson's strength is unshsrn. Your glorious majority of Eighty Thousand,forFremontandDaytonplacedodd years—has repeatedly stumped Illinois against HenryClaybecauseofthatpolicy,stigmatizingitin theLake Superior line,,which left ChicagoonFriday night at 11£ o'clock, was run into hy the our State in the front rank of' the hosts .ef FreeschoonerAugusta ofWaukegan,about tenmilesfromshore,at2£b'ckxkonSaturdaymorning,and thatprcudpowtioninthestrugglenowuponus!Germans once more. But the ten Breckinridge men on'the ticket maybe counted for Breckinridge every time; you couldu't get a votefor Douglasout of-the oTowd if that vote would elect him. What-biiccBeii for not regarding the nomination of Cass aa regular, oh the gioubd that at the time he did not belong to the Democratic party, and hence he waswho will assign it a posi ion without delay.When position is taken,.the companies will extinguish theirno other kind of a tariff than a revenue tariff." [See Globe]—Such is Mr. Douglas's uniform record down to the last Session of Congress, when it- occurred toThose w h o want speakers, .whether for a single meeting or a. ment, i- . rtorches, except tbe file en the extreme right and left of the com-and wil ing to speak should promptly send his address, stating ever may be thought of the morality of the ar-how much time he Is willing to give to this work, and when. rangement, there is no equivocation .in it—no the Presidency. Mr, Douglas did not voteOn anyas a corrupt faction, and came out in favor of. (jten. Third gun—To wheel into column.Taylor for the Presidency. Now, I suppose,'he will Fouith gun—To march. ."excute himself for not being bound by the regularity .of The Wido-Awakes of Brooklyn. Jersey City, and environs ace respectfully invited tc participate hi this parade, aud are paitic*-County canvass, are also invited to address " Republican Central inridge Electors on the Fusion ticket, you needhe United States Government for .entertaining tde Ja- long tw the Democratic party; and further, on the and MjT.Hunter's motion to postpone the billto panese Embassy while in the country, was $14,390; ground tbat he went hunting on election day and% would not vote. [Cheers and laughter.] But my next December waB carried by Yeas 25, Nays 23— paid to the Panama Railroad Company $3 650; coat ofearly day, in drder that position can be assigned them in tho line if they parade..Tne Grand Marshal can be seen daily at the headquarters, No. 61P Broadway, between the hours of 4 and 6 o'clock p. no.The headquarters of the Grand Marshal for the evening of the 13th }n*t. will be at Thorp's Hotel, corner of Eighth street and Broadway, from7J p. m until tbe procession moves. The Aids to tbo Giand Maishal will report to tho Adjutant at 7J o'clock, p. in. sCaptains will o».rry a red lantern, in order that they may be distiuguibhed by the Aids.Fire-works ID the ranks will be prohibited until the line is in fuU marching order.J. H. HOB ART WARD, Graud MarahaL WM. M. GanSSPlE, Adjutant.—There was a v«ry large gathering of Re- publicans at Hempstead on Saturday evening, to dedicate a new Republican Wigwam. Tho building is largeandcommodious. SpeecheBweremadebyJoseph Hoxie and-George Terwilliger of New-York, aod Messrs. Norton and McCormick of Qaeens County.Mr. Hoxie made one-Of his- happiest effortg and was vociferously cheered throughout. The addressesof Mr. T^rwilhger andJother*, wore pointed and effect- ive, and gave gieit Matifefaction, ae the applause of theaudiencetestified Theproceedingswereenlivenedby eon£8 from one of the. best Glee Clubs in the country.' TheRepublicansofHempsteadhavereasonto^>oCampaign Club, No.722 Broedway, N. Y."We give on another page our European letters and copious extracts from the papers received by the steamer Americ4, whose mails .reached this city yeaterday.The steamer Prince Albert, a summary of whosenews we gave on Tim iiday morning lash, by tele-graph from St. John's f arrived at this port yester-day. W e give some a dditional items of interest,beside the speech of the Emperor Napoleon atxiot; but if you do vote for them, you know thatwill be required that Spain shall respect our rights and him for the first time that the,Cotton-growing . interests in that quarter. It may hire be am ed there Stateawere not likely to favor his aspirations to :*s nb.thicg.to justify a belief that either England "or Fiance1 is encouraging Spain in her present move-. 1847 Breckinridge, a t a meeting in Lexington^ wherehe made a speech, denounced the Democratic party, SIGKAkS. First gun—Prepare to march.Second gun—To lig>tup.Governor Seward, under the escort of the Jackson to. interfere with the Slavery qjc*?tion in the ferri- Wide-Awakee, arrived at. Jackson from Lansing late terieB, and Breckinridge tells us that he < made yesterday afternoon, where he was received with speeches' for Cass, although up to the publici- many demonstrations of respect. tion of that letter he had been for Taylor; butAt twelve o'clock, midnight, under tho escort of a then it was he found out that Cas3 preeeuced his large number of people aud a general turniug. out of principles. Here w e find Breckinridge agiiu push forward its heivy columns. W e x^an beat, Union for a market Her whole mineral wealth was iuexhauaci- the Wide-Awakes, he cook the train for this place, ar- bolting. [Cheers and laughter.] My friends, I never ble, end worth more than mines of gold. He prtcht-d generally rivirg at two o'clock tlis morning, where,.notwith- yet bolted the regular ticket of my party—never yet into Congress and the General Government for the past.few standing the hour, one thousand people and one hun- y?ent out hunting on the day of a Presidential election years. '•':•'. dred Wide Awakes, with iigbted torches were waiting in my life; and nence, if bolting against the regularcavalry fromthefront of some crear/'army,and Pennsylvaniaasanempire within herself. Sheu.saStatehuda41 He denovneed the Government as paralyzing the interest of to receive tbe illustrious Senator and escort him to the organization is a claim to Democratic support. I amshowustheoneparty,ofSubmissioniststoevery greatintercutintheUnion. Herinterests required the fostering hand of Government. She had not received that supporf. fromLyons. The Mussulmans at Gasko, in the Herze-govina, had attacked the Christians and massacred iorm and degree of Pro-Slavery exaction ready to the Rational Government she was entitled to. Slie had,the wholeeven women and children.them—we must!—we WILL !—but there are eightA grand national lemonstration from various weeks of as hard work before us as ever yet wereStates, of the Repnbican Wide-Awake Associa- doneby anyparty. WecouldpollThree Hundredresidence of the Hon.D. S. Walbridge.The weather to-day opened wiih a cold drizzling, ask you, fellow Democrats, what is to be the conse-Thousandvotesiftheelectionworetobeheldto-entitledtonocredituponthatgrcuncL But,letmeoT"November, according totheunanimity, Congress,itwasalwaysoverslaughedbytheinternaluntilehe- ofCentralMichigan. wardandgets200votesinConventionforGovfe-carryingQueensCounty.—A shap whoWrites from New-York to The' Char-the energy, with which we shall have improvedtro queati'n. He went into an argument defensive of the Pro- The weather has maintained its disagreeable charac- ernor, and., there are 100 scattering votes against him, tective policy, especially as regards Pennsylvania's interest, but ter throughout the day, notwithstanding which. the a'l the minority man has to do is to bolt against thethe intervening eight weeks. Now is theattendance here has not been lees than 20,000 people. man that got the two-third?, and then propose a com- bepresentintheprooessioasomethirtythousandtimeforthose.whohavebeenidlingquestioni*thrownoutandrepudiated;HecensuredCongress Delegationshavearrivedinwagonsfromthesur-promise,bywayoffusion.Thenagain,whenyoulestonMercury,undertheeignatureofOldSmith,Wide-Awakee. This:aaveryimportantelementin the Republican* composition; a scmtilUting without effort, to fool away the Fall onthe pretext&c- • . andmanythatotherwisewouldhavecomehavebeen dates,andiheregularDemocratwhoneverboltedin follows:'prevented by the severe rains during the earlv pirt of hi> life gets.a two-thirds vote, and one equivocal Dem- • "Such men as Edward Everett hot onlv cau Aybut Mr. James Brooks has been speaking throughand chimor'cal web that ever entangled the fret ofhonestmenintheways of.politics. YoucertainlydonotwishitunleeBitgivesyoumorethan Hon.HenryA.Lonxeneokerwasrenominatedfor..,•••-Maine votes for Abolitioniim, Monday next, the* 10th, andyon arc responsible for it. T h e some Norchern Revolution, thatre.c.neu Khode Island, and almost roioued Connecticut, wae rea-cuing the ship building, freighting, manufacturing, trading Stateoffiluiue,andyouhaveputaitop toit. Thehostsofyouroffice- thattherightwouldtriumph,andtheGovernmentbe Rogers. EdwardEverettwonthefinstheatin2:43$; holders, that line, for hundieds of miles, Maine'/; indentedsea- made to resume its ancient line of policy. Leu Rogers won the second heat and the race in con- Coa»r, and tho hosts of Postmasters that dot every villogrt of the Mr. Seward left a? half-past two, with the ladies of sequence of Everett's driver driving fouL Tim«e, interior, trembling in fear of removal from you, have not, with his party, Charles F.Adams, Lieut.-Governor Patter- 2:l03v •few exceptions, dared to speak or act with any efficiency, even.' Morn breaketh in the East, 4tc, &c." ThetameresponsibilityianowroutinguponyouintheEm-to make war upon-organized Bocifcty inr fifteen States of our"Polk,"Dallas, and.the Tariff of '42,"wasthe Union. Will you, in New-York, as in Maine, shoulder this In referringtotheConventionat Baltimore, hesaid:,Theof $8,000 over the corresponding week of iaet year. .'frightful responsibility 1Yours, respectfully,JAMES. BROOKS.I received a majority of the whole number of votes inwar-cry of the party, and steadily borne on itsbanners. The fact that Mr. Dallas waB put on theticket was triumphantly appealed to as evidenceof the devotion of the Democracy to Pennsylvaniainterests. Francis W . Hughes, a leading Demo-crat of the coal region, held a public debate withWilliam B. Reed on the single issue of the relative of the Democratic army. "Hence, a heroic Breckinridge the nomination in 1856, by withdrawing—Here is no pretense that the Postmasters a i dMEETINGS.and Buchanan; 1856. received the support of the ma- and will not vote for them; .but they are not work- jority, I expected that the candidates , before the Charleston and Baltimore Conventions would feel bound in honor to treat me1 aa I treated thein on aCustom-Htuse Officers are not for Smart & Co.,ing hard enough to satisfy this new Field Marshalannounced are the Hon. James A. Briggs, of Ohio, and former occasion. Inasmuch as I had given J . C. Judge Culver, of Brooklyn. The Prairie Songsters willa great triumph. The general spirit of the Demo-cratic canvass that year in Pennsylvania was fairly Officers aforesaid—and therefore " willbe routed," duct bad mace J. C. Breckinridge Vice President of were added to the r-dl. This club now numbers overembodied in a verse of one of their; campaign songs, which ran thus:.."0 poor cpony Whigs,What makes you look so blue ?.•W'-awillhave'PolkandDallas, AndtheTariff of"&"WedonotthinkthecaseoftheDouglasites'in theUnitedStates,Iexpectedbe,asagentleman,-wouldhave i>' It bound to pursue a similar" line of conduct to- 100 members, and will parade 100 men on the night ofMaine nearly so desperate as Mir. Brooks represents ward me as that I adopted voluntarily toward bin. If the 13th September. The following officers werepated that tbis parade will show the Wide-A wake or-^Congress, aided by the casting vote of George M.Dallas, with the cooperation and official sanction of licans in power at Washington ? Might they not speech, - in which he tried to justify the breaking up of sai.d strong; It will certainly be the largest local paJames K. Folk. Pennsylvania has not yet fullya8well go into bankruptcy at once ?."THE LATEST NEWS,R E C E I V E D B Ythe Democratic parly on the ground that the Conven- litical paraie that has ever occurred in the city: tion which nominated me ineipted on a dogma in itsplatform. Poster was nominated in Reading for Gov- i Wix»E-Ay.'4JCK HKADOCAUTEKS,.Grand Marshal's Oflice, iernorof the State on identically the same principle* ' No. 618 DroadWay, N. Y., Sept. 10, I860. J that I was nominated at Baltimore. Poster is Chu3 General Order No. 3 ]man vote for the one without supporting the other, ifhe profeeses to be governed by principle ? I trast everyDemocrat in Pennsylvania will rally zealously, cor-• ,Minr'eter McLane has received his instructions, and of'' "We cannot;"-" Tnat Bit.-''] In,is true that Breck- 'Ihe First Division, nnder command of Mamhal Daniel R. U'/fi, bet as a guaranty bis good faith. ance, but not more so than their sympathies. A Tariff, & c , &c. He. voted with South Carolina will, therefore, return to Mexico with a full knowledge inridge telkryou tbat the National Convention adopted Giavit, coujprisi.ig the Ninth, Fifteenth, Sixteenth. TwentiethBnsineaa letters should fall •11 cases. be addressed to T un common hatred, a common terror, a common lust, for the Tariff of 1846 at every step and in every of the views of our Government in regard to the. threat- NEW-YORK TRIBUNE.acd Twentv-first Wnrd Wide Awaiws. ana the Sixteenth''Wara a dogma contrary to reason 'and the Constitution. If Gorman Wide-Awakes, will fo;m on Fouith arenno, right oathat be true, you of Reading, when yon nominated Ninth s»re«t. ' T> Foever, adopted a similar dogma, equally hostile to rea- Th« Second Division, nnder commnnd of Marshal George B .alone unite tb&ih for the moment. Could they tri: shape, and thus his vote stands recorded on the ened Spanish'hostilitiea againot Mexico.The Liberal GovernmentJhae informed Spaia< thatWo cannot undertake to ret irejected Communications.T o A d v e r c i a e r a .Owingtotherecentgn.atinereaeeinthecirculationdouptheir littlebusinesswitheachotherwithout looking,toareductionorrepealofduties,hasbeenform of the paper to press at an early hour, w e are compelled gTins or grimaces. " My poverty, but not my will, advocated nvd voted for by biro, throughout his an apology for iie seizure. Should Mexico noi com- stump speech, that I was not nominated according to • The Iblrd Division, under the command of Marshal S Brook*.must be handed in before 8 ojolock in the evening, with the sin- iiable information, resort to force. teenih, Sev«-u^eeuth, and Eighteenth Varcl WIde.Awakes, wiB. gle exception ot those intendM for insertion among the Business " poverty, and not thy will," responds Ben. 1855—a proposal to engraft a .new'Tariff" on the were."j I suppose Breckinridge thinks so, or I sup- form on Third avenue, right on Ninth str^Lumph in. November, they would be at open and journals and in The Globe. The project of admit- the subject of the captured Maria Conception is under- pon and the Constitution. 1 am tree to aay that the Van Brunt, comprising tbe Twelfth, Nineteenth,' and Tw«nty- mortal war again before April. Accordingly, they ting Railroad Iron duty-free, and every nieuuure going a judicial investigation; bat this, meantime, it is National Convention and the Pennsylvania State plat- secocd Ward Wide Awakes, a td the City, the 'Juiou, the York-conBidered,doesnotpreventSpain,under thelawsoffortnarebothmburmony-witlireaeou audthe:Consti- tution. But Breckinridge has' declared, in his lateville,theKnickersocker.theZouaves,andtheExceMorWIda- Awakes,wtl form ou Fourteenthstreet, soulh eiJe,rightMJ Fourth avenue. • •nations, from urging the restitution of.the vo&sel, and.cheating. If you don't choose to vote, the Breck- question connected with the Tariff at this Session, It appears from official data that the expenditure by the Cass nomination on the ground that he did not be- l.uly requested to communicate with the Grand Marshal at «wyou are voting, so far ae they are concerned, for Mr. Douglas not voting, but Mr. Pugh, his shadow. conveyance from. Norfolk to Washington $1,225; stores friend Breckinridge, in hi& Kentucky stuuip epeech, for the return home $5,872. In all $25,1G8; or one- while he acknowledges .that he was in favor of TaylorBreckinridge. You cannot plead ignorance or de- voting*with the Free-Traders to postpone, which hull' of the amount appropriated by Congress.in 18-17, went hunting in 1848, aud thus could not vote for Casfi; yet he asserts that he made speeches for Cass,ception. How different from the posture of the dumb'effigies set up on speculation by Hunt, Brooks & C o . !REPUBLICANS OF NEW-YORK. ! do you hear thecall to duty ? Antagonist Democracy and Old-LineWhiggery- vanish from t h e scene, like a screen ofThe votes of Douglas and Pugh couldhavechangedthatresult andputthe billonits passage. Aftd now this same Stephen A . Douglas walks coolly into Pennsylvania and^ makes a speech which a friendly hand condenses for the AssociatedPress as follows:" Mr. Douglas commenced his speech by a glowing oulogy on•barely prevailed.The Secretary of the Treasury has advertised for thereception of proposals, till noon of the ?2d of October,- becaube C«68 then represented his principles. N o w all^for a loan of $10 000,000, under the Treasury Note Re- demption act of Juiie..Movements of Mr. Seward.• • KALAMAZOO, Saturday, Sept. 8,1860.we have to do is to find out what his principle* were. We have only to learn what Mr. Cass was in favor of and we have Breckioridge s principles. [A voice— "The Nicholson letter.'J Yes,my friend, you hit it exactly. Cass bad juet written the-Nicholson letter, JS» Which.he asserted that Congress had no power' Mr: "i» . <OTTO' Mr. N"Mr. l'i Jon.*> J None < "'Tbe U<.' After t•fdetka... v •STA1 Tho elTh.)Le l e v e n 6 gerevvei a part0 fromth* mornii.gj coiU>:u!.? from fho ships. g.; separate*. darki.'«« nimic «i .an -ins'-ii! hour i:-J The leci ora*uthe t^tirj fully aw situat. ! boat wa rouud letdt. 1 -1 jtutati o n e o f |1 boat. I1 wer«» 01 Sjt Wnn ijue ofiweresa fonr 'of1 being <h. tSe'eusi exiit^. .1: such 't'vJ driven • vicmity le*sh to Couhi'Sc1 uponth«1 stmgg. -iIMr.1 the efeor vrithBtti. Lady L read*wi that errThe J • t e n y«*a Govern•Vfi\» a iergK; -iayoritij m m w l l .tionit)trartfi.. n o n h . 1•whJcl'Pennsylvania for severalyears. TheGovernmenthadfailedtoperform the funstions for \vhich it was created. The-system ofGovernmentmustbechangedordisisterwouldoccur. Either, rain;neverthelesstrainsandotherconveyancesare quence,ofyoursustainingthoseechemesofeec.ess'ion-—Inall'weevereaworimaginedofhumantheday. ocratwhogoeshuntingon-electiondaygetsbutaone- nothinginastorm,buttheyhavenotsocialaaga^ity be. made, and the result will be a glorious triumph. audacity, there is nothing equal to' this. Just Tut display, 'as the numerous delegations paraded third vote, all his friends and himself have to do is to enough to'see. which way'the wind blowe. Taey havetank in twenty minutes in three hundred feet ofwater, having on board between three hundred andfifty and four hundred pwseogerB, over three hun-dred of whom were dr<>wned. Among the passen- parliamentarian, who, it was said, " never opened hopeless Of Southern votes—talks, exacily as graud stand in the Park, and at 12 o'clock speakinggers were the Union Gt tard of Milwaukee, formingpartoftwohundredaidfiftyexcursionistsofthat"his mouth that he did not put.his foot in it." Thinkofsuchaparagraphasthefollowingappear-was commenced by Gen. Nye of New-York, wno was though he had been a zealous Proteetioniat followed by the Hon. Charles PranciB Keilogg, M. C.all his days, pitches intjo Congress for fromthisDistrict. - '. 'notpassingaProtectiveTariff,andlaystheblame Mr.Sewardwasthen introduced. Hisspeechoccu- piedbut25minutes,itbeingneceeearyforhimtoleaveon Slavery agitation! He knows right well that at 2 o'clock for Milwaukee. His appearance called"There is one man in New-York—O'Conor—whoi» reallv a man of ideas, as well as professional ability, andbasenjoyedanhabitualtraining in those region* Of. strict thought, which eschew the declamatory alto- gether. Were this man iu power--but ho neither da- sirespoliticalpowerforhimself,andistoo resolutely honest, as a politician, for vulgar uses—for the habitOT practice here. Besides, like most persons of hig&ea- .downiest,1>4baanostomachforthepoliticalgambling which is here tho true life of the politician. 1 Aj"It is really.difficulttohudaman at oncecapahw and hone.it in allthisregioD, Seward,aseyoryow knows, has a good head with a false heart. The AW olilioniats even do not trust him,-thouga, iu hia effort*• to rlBe to the Presideuoy, on their shoulder*, he has proved himself t h t moat' able diplomat amot>g nil their14city—aterribleblowtoasingleplace. Thevessel inginthatBheetonlyyesterday!struck thesteamer at tiiemidshipsgangway, onthe"You C*N'TCOMBIN!—Ithasbeenprofoundlyobserved bybear further particulars. There seemed no help with^neers, from one end of the Union to the other. The regu- that he might see Kansas—that Saratoga of freedom— for those on board at the time when common lar Democracy will do some UIOTD kir.king, w e suspect; and as time to pass it, and Slavery agitation had no more before be died; and in order to accomplish his oircuit-The S o i u h e r us e n s e a n d h u m a n i t y i b d i j a t e d t h e n e c e s s i t y f o r i t . f o r i t s g i v i n g E l e c t o r a t e t h e c o w o d D i s u m o n l i t s ! — t h e i d e a , i too silly for serious consideration, You may vote for the regaint o d o w i t h s t o p p i n g i t t h a n t h e D e l u g e . I t w a s o u 3 r o u t e h e m u s t l e a v e t o - d a y . E v e r y w h e r e i nc h a m p i o n s . S e w a r d , o n c e i u t h e P r e s i d e n c y , " w ^ New-Orleanepapers'of Tuesday havebeen received. he more likely than any other Northern; man' to hkhordefeated simply because theDemocrats were near- Michigan he had. experienced tho kindest greet- ings from old Democratic friends and neignbors appears that the ordinary wild and uncontrollable but when you tajk about getting ten Electors, you show your re- ly unanimous against this or any measure like it— from New-York. Whije his heart was pleased at tfceirFrom the statement of^ths clerk of the steamer, it Democratic nominees, if you choose, Messrs. Brtckinridgicidcs;Advices from Texas state that a'new eldoto.ial tiokat at nationality—as h e understands it. H e would b» is advocated, and promises to booome a plan of action, certain to kick away fax behind him the ladder byfeardidnottakeplaceitthetimeofthecollision. Bencetheabsenceofpa:»icshouldhaveenabledthe passengers to gain the ife-boats—but we hear of t w o b o a t s o n l y , , a n d n o r i e n t i o n o f l i f e - b o a t s a t a ) Lmarkablylongears. Ifyouchoosetosneakbackonanyterms, w h y , g o i n ; b u t d o n ' t t a l k a b o u t b e i n g r e c o m p e n s e d f o r s a v i n g ' yourownbacon,inthatfoolinblyimpertinentway."asStephenA.Douglaswellknows."'•••|kindwelcome,itmournedthattheystilladheredtoa b a d c a u s e — a c a u B e t h a t b r o u g h t t O| t h e m n e i t h e r h o n o r , safety,norrenown. HehadseentheoldFederaliststobovotediVrbyallpartiesopposedtoBreckinridge a n d L i n c o l n . , ' -VigilunceCommitteeswerftstillforming. . The Picayune's correspondent eays that at tho lastwhichhearose. .1 ' '•••." R o b t . J . W a l k e r k n o w s , m w e t h a n a n y N o r t h e r n man,whattarethereal dangersofthedissolutionofthe Union; and further, how fatal to the North wouW- b e s u c h a n e v e n t ; b u t R o b o r t b n o n e t o o h o n e s t ; a n a.•Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069••x-..-.. , ;> • • • -.* - 1.yikeofoxen,havhgonboardahngelog,whichwas andoneportionofthe,partyoutvotestheother rhetoricalstatesman;andhieConservatismissimply tbe effect of his habitual training aud education, which, splitintorailsasitpaesed'thronghtheprincipalstreets. bytwo-thirds,allyouhave todoistogetthe athistimeoflife,arehottobesupersedednowbyaayThere WJ>S a delegation of Hollander Wide-A wakes minority to bolt, and refuse to support ths reg- new ideas. Were he noic a young man,* he wouldas a contrivance to plunder the farmer to enrich from Ottawa, and a company of pioneers in blouaes, ular ticket, unless you divide with them and form.the manufacturer—to burden the West for the sad wearing chip hats, from Alleghan County. A a fusion by way of compromise. ' [Cheers and laugh- Black Republicanism, a competitor for place andhandsome chariot also turned out, containing a number ter.] I ask you, what will becomo of the Democratic Labor: let us firmly resolve that she shall not lose profit of the East, &c. Abraham Lincoln has can- of youngladiesreach one bearing' a flag, with a State organization, of- that moral power which attaches' fidel-popularity wi'h the Wilsons and the Burlingvnes. Nothing perhaps, would eave him from thie, but Ms organiBm and the natural delicacy of hb> tastes. As a literary petit maitre, he coiild never arrive at political power. Heisoneofthosepersonswhograspthe* thistle gingerly, and with constant apprehension of the thorns, lie is not the man for tbe tempest, the -held baa, a lee shore, and the narrowest navigation through breakers on every hand.vassedasopenlyandardentlyontheother.side— oftheUnion inscribed upon it, and following these ityto principles,ifyouare goingto Bustain thisnew wasaladyonhorseback,dressedinblack,carryinga.. iaeaofboltingandsecessionI Why,it.seemsthat,in thetwoagreeingthatthisquestionofProtection flag,inscribed:"I'mKansas,andtheywon'tfetme,ordertobeatrueBreckinridgeman,youimiBtboltwas one of the most important and vital'issues in. ' Several huge flat-boats and innumerable wagons, against the regular nominee every time, or else you The Sunday Mercury,, a Douglas organ in our between the two parties.' And now Mr. carry iDg rail-£plitteia, with banners bearing appropri- must go hunti.(.g>on election day [cheers], and thus de-City, seems to belong to the family of the Irish ate devices, wtie drawn through the streets. Douglas—being badly in 'want of Northern and ' At 11 o'clock the people begun to gather around thefeat theJDemocrat who never wavered, or faltered, or never cheated his party. [Loud cheers.] If you sanc- tion or tolerate this new dodge, you hold out a premium for overy faithless man to bolt in future. For one. I can never fuse, and never will fuae with a manwho tells methe Democraticcreedisa dogma, contraryto reason aud to the Constitution. Let us spurn the bolt- ing idea.-Letus standfirmbyourprinciples,letus maintain tbe integrity of the Democratic party, and then trust our cauee to God and the people. [Cheers.] Ihavefoughttwenty-foyenpitchedbattle*BinceI entered public life, and never yes. traded with nomina- tionsor'surrendered to treachery. J"Cheers.] Andif 1 mistake not the true spirit of the Democracy of Old Berkejtheywillstandbyik<.ircolorsandooornallalli- ance either with Northern Abolitionists or Southern Secefisioniam. . [Cheers.]IttftU.an astute naturalist, that the best way to make a dog stay aboutlarboard aide. At the time, dancing was going on a house Js, to kick him out of door<> with extreme unction. It is tie half-way Republican House passed such a bil forth the liveb>Bt entlmsiaem, and the preaaure to getmtheforwardcabin. Theprovisionofboatsto nowobservedbyeverybodyInterestedinpolitica,thatthedis- union traitors and seceding slavocrots, known as the Breckln- aavethepassengers,an^itheguardianshipgenerally ridge-arid-Laneites, aretrjingtocringebuckintothefoldoftheInstWinter—everyRepublicanbuttwovotingfor withinthesoundofhiovoicewancrushing. Heoorn- menced by saying tha\ he had come here in, obedience itj that every Republican inthe Senate desired tothewishol thepeopleof Michigan,but hethoughtto pass it, and that it was beaten in that branch by both bad made a great mistake. Tneir leuder in cho Republicancausewaenot flagging. Hefoundevery- bid land. W« forbear jxtendedtomment untilwe la*t Summer. A more pitiable case of sneaking repentance was Democrats alone—the few Americans in both where a spirit and enthusiasm unsurpassed, aud a zealagainstdisaster,appeartohavebeenoftheaverage D«mocra'Jcpartyfromwhichtheyweresoemphaticallykicked,never beheld; and its end will produoe a broad grin, seasoned Houses generally supporting it. There was ample tbat needed no stimulation. It was his heart's wiah—Canitbethatthisman,bysuchrecklessand—We should like-to stand by when the writer of brazen imposture, is clearing his way to cho Presi- die clinging to the idea that their party would again bet h e a b o v e w a l k s u p — t e e s a y n o t h i n g o f " s n e a k i n g "d e n c y ?'• 'a c c o u n t s o f t h e L i b e r a l s a m c o t h e d e f e a t o f M i r a m o nUntitled Document•1the Convention on a large number of successive ballots. . I'confeeej, after having withdrawn my name from be- fore the Convention, in the years when Pierce,'in 1852,REPUBLICAN* —The City Wide-Awake Club dedicate their newhall, No. 638 Broadway, this evening. The «pe»ker*it. W e think they'will gain at least one Member that coorfie bad been pursued there would he no divi- elected by acclamation: sion of the party to-day. And why had itnotbeenof Congress, and make a very respectable fight pursued? It happened that I received more v>tes.in tbe Captain, Itob*)t Erwin; 1st Lieutenant, Hugh feennett; 2d, Will. ,n A. Dfrlitz; 3d. Herbert J. Ovens;-4th, tfidue-,' Sini'ta;b Wm *rgenerally.WepresumeBrookswillbemaking ConventionthanRUtheothercandidatesputtogether— 5th, StephenSimonfon. OrderlyS<-rceant,Wro.Poit;2d,them a chance of electing Kelly would have been the Tariff of '42 and a return to comparative Free tho guidance and leadership of Custom-House party rather than permit th; majority to govern, under meeting to ratify the Siate nominations. It is aatidU-dially and heartily, round the banner of Poster and Jlt-puhlican nonjinees for Canal Conumisalojjer and SUte Prisow.way as Cass, according to the known uniform usages promulgated from Oeneial Headquarters, unless tie nature of Use ground should prevent, in whicu case the movenent* will b« oftheparty.ButIBapposeBreckinridgewillexcuse habitually'b}theflank.Ea-hcompany,onarrivingatthe groundj will immediately report to the marshal of its division,T ."T~ ISA\' .^TAJH S.Mr,. VlM.-a. KMr. B< JTAMKS A. Bc<J.C.I 'j;PIT MrcidHERBJj propri't-tc son B ^KEBW'A FA SI CHAR.1 G-BOIV GEO,]and naval officers shall act with prudence, but firmness;and much reliance is placed in their discretion, while it net bound by its'usages. Y on all know that in pany, and every tenth man intervening.W A S H I N G T O N , S a t u r d a y , S e p t . 8 , 1 8 6 0 .r e v i v e d ; a n d h e h a d s e e n O l d L i n e W h i g s w h o w o u l drathervoteforthe-ghostsofthedead;thangiyeup theywereadvancingfromoverysideontheCapite-h itisnothiscuetoangvrtheNorthbytolliugthW*>•'-.•/Sir George Simpson, Governer of Hudson'* Bay,Prof. Lowe andIdaBalloon.departure^. But the high wind caused the balloon to hurst, putting an end to the scheme, and wasting an immense amount of gas.LoxrisviLLB, K y ., Saturday, Bcpt. 8, 1860. On the Woodland Course, to-day, a trotting match• A3f.''.- i I. a&ficlwater• • " • • • ^ 1 ;clud). Fron..board, H Green i Milw?!'. Col, fsmily thelotJAt tiat then' Th<* eoene fi"•/ N A !v• Tbe follow1. B . Cf %• FRET 3. h:>\ Port, A. E o s 5. T n o 6. Tub7. Mic"8. J d l l9. T I M 10.W.i .11. «Wn:;' Ohw12-. Lv>direction of the MaruhalB. The following assignment of district*probably befoundoneofthemoatheadlong leaders ofti.t* www.fultonhistory.com••V V )V«^s 