 i «almost ready to tassel out, and the wheat ready. standard-bearer hi whose hands their rights, honor, and living at the time of the second marriage. He there- the sickle. Indeed, many fields were already cut- jutterestswillbe safe, inany contingency.. There is noXasidc the town properuionnmb«f^ 1 » » •'«««*, sternly virtuoisfor TJicN. J ^ ^ ^ s j f l - ^ o j ^ ^ be: .l TM TM . f TMa« seconded by Gens. Doblado and I wd the Turkish soldiery were *een toJ0JA *» «» *"«;•»'6NEW-YORK. DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY, 'V*C*iwte« JwiiMNrf tifcs CfeidMrt <Q.) Lasder. ;Mhiistry" raised a long 'and close struggle between f$>. ^JKfferin'g aitbgether frbin a recent public" speaker at the same time a respecter of vested rights, and op- was ended;mwae met atthedoorby a,W£*a»V &*% ^poBeeswng gieat weal*, became attached to a doh,".':'and':J^p^gOT^ptiS|l^^--S^?'^0fk tialT but truth permanent and perpetual. Were it not This, we understand,.is the real basis of thenevgrushered me into the parlor, and earned my note to -ur., : so," falsehobd would longago have gamed the entire movement in MexicoV and' to which, it i« now said, Lincoln, who wasupWre.' Thehou*e wasneatjy "g^endiwine,thebrotherofheroymfefflme de cJiambre, the pSroceseion entered ;i^iiMea^^^T^'"^n^^<>* "victory-'andbecomeuniversal—men wouldbebarbari- Gen.Vidaurri,oftheStateofNew-LeonandCoahuila,Wo*kl make a hook of the deepest interest; He far- sfehes in his history and individual character, a nohle •oeebnen of trow moral courage and m*»hood--tfce W«t sample among us of the gigantic growth of intel- lect and character, under the fostering influences of Aaeriean foatitutions and society, -when not dwarfed hy idleness, dissipation, or dishonesty. Every laboring man in the country toiling under the weight of pover- ty with a- view to better days, and every student struggling for knowledge and advancement under whatever difficulties, has stock in Old Abe, and may be justly proud of him as one of bis class who has demonstrated the distinguished success that may crown any honorable ambition, properly cultivated^Forty-four years ago- H r . Lincoln's father emigrated from Kentucky to'Spencer County, Indiana, where he purchased a small farm- Text years or so after, the {reject of a public school in the neighborhood was started, sad meeting wixh encouragement, a log achool- jbouse was built, at which Abe, then about 16 years •M, and who had never attended school before, was iostaDcd. Exactly six weeks after the school com- menced, an execution against his lather—the resale of indorsing, a note l o r a: friend—swept away the little term, and the student was compelled to leave school toJoin his parent, who, greatly disheartened -by his mia- Jbrttme, had determined to emigrate to Ilfinofe with his fcmUy. Thesixweeks*schoolinginthatlog"school- howe is all that Mr. Lincoln ever received- He is: indebted for whatever education he possesses soUly to InV own unaided exertions, made during the leisure 'hour* of a laborious life, often consuming' the time that should have been devoted to rest, and always in the W r i e r part of his Hfe, under circumstances of greatdifficulty, induee#by poverty.'r 't l a due time fSewncoln family reached Coles Coun-*"fl*"'"Where it was decided to seek their fortunes. By l^W^ofh«B?l labor at low wages, enough money was saved in the course of two years to purchase and pay r ^ eighty acres of Government land- The son as-known inetantlytbat she who presided over that modest household was a true type of tW American lady. There were flowers upon the.table; there were pic- tures upon the walls. The adornments were few; but chastely appropriate; everything was in its place, and ministered to the general effect.. The hand of. the do- mestic artist was everywhere'visible. The thought that htvoluntarily blossomed into speech was,' * What a pleasant home Abe Lincoln has."., . Lman sne became attached, and him she married. For four years the affairs of the establishment wentsmooth- ryond happily-along. The husband was kind and affectionate to all, including^ step-daughter, the child of the deceased Englishman, who had, during this long honejmoon, grown from twelve to sixteen.years. Last March there came an offer of marriage for this young; other successful Genera , may navet-'e means and the was received with' great applanse,|which heaxknowl- vion, the same moral seotiment which touched the tact to get himself prefrmd for the Presidency of a, itary matters, but a stout fellow pushed him for ward - while his supporters formed behind. Great was the astonishment and mortification of the Major when he discovered that Lincoln's procession outnumbered bis •wn by two men; and Lincoln was therefore declaredto be Captain.Upon Lincoln"B return from the war,, he discoveredthat n is old partner had been his own best customer in the whisky traffic, and that he had " decamped'" with- out paying the debts of the trading concern, amountingt o $1,100, and without leaving anything to pay them with. " Here, then, I was," said Mr. Lincoln once to a friend, " $1,100 in debt, or $1,100 worse off than at any time in my fife before, for I bad not a single dollar to pay this indebtedness with.. What to do I was at a loe» to know. I thought the matter over for many daj s and was greatly distressed. To go to work*at the customary wages of a 'hired hand' and earn $1,100—, it seemed as if. I could not do it. But I determined atlast to try. I never in my life knew a man, who, re-solved to do his duty, did not have some means openednp to him, no matter how impossible, seemingly, wasthe accomplishment of that duty at the start." and so itproved in this case with honest Abe. Stumbling upon,aecidentalry,abookonsurvejing; heatoncemadehim-self master of the science, and commenced the businessof surveying n» a profession, having in the mean timeremoved t oSpringfield. Here he made friends very*fast and soon became exceedingly popular1—somucu ?so that he was selected as a Whig-candidate for the Legislators, and was triumphantly elected, holding the offieetorfouryears,duringwhi.-htimebebecame noted as a shrewd and intelhgent debater. He saved money enough during these lour years to pay off allI has $1^100 indebtedness, even to the last shilling. Du- . ring his legislative term he commenced studying law by the advice of Judge Logan and John D. Stewart of Springfield, who had discovered in him tne evidencesstill in good health, and gave ah entertaihment.in honor feated at Salamanca, and made prisoner by Gen. Zara- —At her Majesty's state ball,gi.ven on $xe 22d nlt.? at of the event, He has been a member of the Baptist goza, of the Liberal army.The humanity shown by the Americans in Beyrouth to the wounded, the homeless, and the starving refugees from the mountains, will long be remembered by the} natives of ^ c o u n t r y . . ; : : : ,Tho American Mission premises are crowded day-s——. .—.**• "«•»!*W>I»,55B555S5C5SS in.'unun)ii.iii»ri">*''r'''T'^T^^T^^—^*^—^^^^^TM*J£...... ..mm.sisted his father for some time in the cultivation of them. His greatest grievance were the artists; he ^Tfcis farm, "but becoming imbued with the spirit of en- tried in vain to irecogmze himself in some " Abraham^tjeipmse, he eventually started out to try his own for- Lmcoln8" of the pictorials.city sent to Chicago a letter making inquiries for him; it appears that be has become one of the joint heirs to a great'estate in Germany.. --a—Count de Syracuse^ it appears, causes, his private tand to perform the national hymn of Savoy. It is •aid that, having, at the express request of Count Trapani, been summoned to Court to give advice, he answered: " The dead require only a gravedigger, and I am not onej" It is said, too, that he has declared:can- be no question that an astonishing advance has „ been made by us, during that, half century, in the dif- fusion of" knowledge, and in general cultivation and refinement. And, though I fear we are far from per- fect-—perhaps not half so-near perfecion as we are sometimes inclined to boast, to say nothing of growing vices, evils and errors, and of the prevalence of opin- ions which I should be glad to see changed—yet, afterall, upon any fair comparison with any equal popula-^tion, I may be €xcu«ed in this aeeembly for saying thatI dtem New-England the most fortunate ana favoredspot upon the face of the globe. Bat it is as the readyandefficientmeansofinter-comatunicationinacoaatryso vast as our own, and of keeping unbroken the elec-tric chain of patriotic sentiment and feeling, that taeprees is chiefly valuable to us. So toat from the heartInfo of the it MOi leagueTn:* ry ha where mutdeiwert Theail tne surrect presen of HJCU•expect'Vtnh di,Wha •to'Syri;it may even" cThV cultaticdf the «fctfoui •xesirfliIt 18-end of Genen £mpir<try to hegiun dreuci:The regrett IrOquc? it hs thIhTIIEB-, I—TlJTHEOn large« est^eeiftJSrookli I>uri>rd1 epace ol one f'utlThe Ifeet froq extendio flour, grj jiitely IqThe m cityoperatic of the o'clock, theiwaiIt car attd, br 'tbeieng of the g- iouse rt to aia n done. "'-: putting. ' 8vreaa>s boati ha ThejWjbargtre h I Pacitie t Wou)d oTljeC "«potJ ai» fcut unfWere }>to do sis the ca^e. begot. and 17 v froci tht•deetro viThtt' 1over the playeda of this' C in terms them.T h e h< pany. wcidera'1^fiaved in <oruice,and s>i*aiWill pi olFrom untilitvfalapscc". 'which is ;md a ia* ", flour, wlqutnee auructtvre The heat* were wa The {.all of v»h '«sact U-* maitd, h< there vta700-b^rt and a it itself wai oontetiis. ery, CJHIT tuidersiOTwcnt disaster.Tne a: from thegrain ha' The a* the sfceen etreum to Pliahtd v thsughtl the anhcih.g ox ih-. Thelot •ter, it no Notbin which lo<The to!xroperiyJ'itirtUt-- -i*,Anieric.i;Con K.ic'l "W«*ldu«t« tit. Ni. uolXxcahior.ST A TB State Telation cu*e cm^session "will pro theho'-'h tVom ihtlimeet at direct the The OsiBinghMiq JMBkbe.-a' tunes, and coming to Macon County, after considerable dSfficoHyinobtainingwork,cameacrossaMr.Hawks, "with, whom he closed a contract to cut and splic three thousand rails. While at work at this job he found more time than heretofore to improve his mind, and it is related of him that when noon arrived he would moTtmt a log, swallow his dinner in from eight to ten . minutes, and then spend fifty minutes in close study "before commencing the afternoon's work. While en-gaged upon thisjob our hero made the acquaintance of a man (whose name 1 have forgotten) who proposed that they build a flat-boat, that he would stock it with grain and provisions, ana that Abe should, command said flat-boat on an expedition down the Sangamon River to the Illinois; down the Illinois River to the Mississippi, and down this river to New-Orleans, when the flat-boat and cargo should be disposed of. The en- terprise looked promising, the flat-boat was built and loaded, Capt. Lincoln proceeded on his voyage, in dae time arrived in New-Orleans, disposed of ooat and •ergo, and shipped for home as a deck-hand on board*o»e of the Mississippi River steamboats. On this tripI asked him if he continued his professional business sincehisnomination. Hesaidhenadattemptedit,but pitied bis"clients. He had been arguing a case the day before, but said the demands of his position made him an indifferent lawyer. He spoke with great freedom of corruption in high places. He regarded it as (hebane Of our American politics; and said he could not respect, either as a man or a politician, one who bribedhouse,andcommenced•aspeechofpersonalthanks "ItisIwhowillproclaimtheannexationoftheTwoand of regard for Douglas. From his select audience Sicilies to the provinces of the Kingdom of'Italy!?' strange noises, as of imperfectly' repressed mirth, occa-sionally reached his ears; and, had the night been less This language has excited great anger at Court, but! '. Illinois and candidate on the Republican ticket for re- election, Who was also discharging the duties of deck- land.The first flat expedition proved sosuccessful that twoathers were protected, and by the time they were com- thousands into believing him.pleted, Lincoh^'had. saved several hundred dollars. TVith this money he opened a small store at a settle- ment known asjSfew-Salem, and with the usual fool- ishness of new-beginners in business, he took in a part-I asked Mr. Lincoln if he saw much of the Demo-hot truthful outline. I need only add that in his per-soxoa! habit* Mr. J>m<oln has always been strictly ab- pect* in Illinois at least, of a straight-out .contest be-for him to indulge in overweening self-cohfidence and Great apprehension has been entertained by the the police knew what the circumstances of the case ment that the Prince.'is about.to make a tour'through contempt for his- enemy. Many of his troops, more- Christian population of Beyrout and all other Syrian*ple of Illinois had not yet learned the art of being venal. The whole expense of his campaign with Douglas did not exceed a few hundred dollars. I wish, the thousands of people in my own State who loathe corrupt practices could have heard and seen Mr. Lin-'" from sunrise till twelve o'clock." He suspected her dence may be answered, and the nations of tho etrth Summer at Bair' Marri a quarrel arose which threat-appied Whim by the Gre^t West.He related many pleasant incidents connected withchange in whose domestic relations, had evoked theharmonious honor. The young politician returnedsaw, neither horse nor ox excepted;"—Baron Rothschild of Naples has just arrived inunder the, influence of the recent anniversary of Aniens can Independence, thus wrote:equal to that of the Druses. This aroused the Chris- tians, and so exasperated them tbat they made an attack upon teyeral Druse villages. At first they were suc-mm•->.'•• :•;-.'« v . ; v . . y ;i» X'-'^f'^^tSPSS^'V Presently 1heard footsteps on the stairs, and a tall, w^man from a traveling:winemerchant, who had been; '.iUadlF " CIVIL WAR—SIXTY VILLAGES BUB3SE&.MAS8ACRB OF M£K, WOMEN, AN£ ,CHnj>R£NV Correupondence of The Bo*t<mTr*TtIl«r^..:•/*' ,* ..:. | ; •:.^y.,:^B*TX<rtT, Syria, June 6, I860.arrowy, angular gentleman, with a' profusion of wiry'hair "lying around loose" about his head, and a pairof eyes that seemed to say " make yourself at home,"and a forehead remarkably broad and capacious, andarms that were somewhat too long and lank for astatue of Apollo, made his appearance. The lips werefull of character, the nose strongly aquQine. the cheekbones high and prominent, and the whole face indica-tive at once of goodness and resoluteness. In repose,, rank. The traveling wine merchant was therefore it had something Of rigiditv, but when in play, it wasone of the most eloquent I have ever seen. None of his pictures do him the slightestjustice. His presence is commanding—hiB manner winning to a marked de- gree. After you have been five minutes in his com- panyyoucease to thinkthat he is either homely or awkward. You recognize in him a high-toned, unas- suming, chivalrous-minded gentleman, fully posted in all the essential amenities'of social life, and sustained by the infallible monitor of common sense.He approached, extended his hand, and gave mine a grasp such as only a warm-hearted man knows how to give. Hesatdownbesidemeonthesofa,andcom menced talking about political affaire in my own State with a knowledge of details which surprised me. I found that he was more conversant with some of our party performances in Oneida County than I could have desired, and made some pointed allusions to the great Congressional struggle which resulted in theelection of Mr. Conkling.ni 1858. I asked him if he was not very much bored with calls and correspond- ence. He replied that he liked to see his friends, and as to the letters, he took good care not to answer them. He referred playfully to the various "attempts upon his life," and tne poor success that attended some offorbidden to enterthe house. Conseqnently, the young girl lOving him, went out to him; more than this^ she ran away wiih. him, and the two became one. The commission merchant, whose manners were so good, turned o u t to be an escaped convict, haying broke away from the galleys at Christmas time. He was recognized at Bordeaux when he was showing theprogreeeive revolu ions, the sigus, I trust, of a far sands, are now engaged in wholesale murder, arson,, nobler civilstate of man in the future, could have beenbrought about. And I need not say that, at this mo- and pillage, in which fiendish work they are aided byment, the two kindred nations of the world, the most Tuiks, Moslem Arabs, and the people known as the*'•'winkings, thrustings of tongues into cheeks, and va- or was bribed. He said he was glad to know the peo- rious other tokens of jeering direspect. However,sWwJ « a h t J tf Americans. 1 find him fur more refined, far more subdued in manner, exhibiting far more the effectsof social attrition toan I had expected. " , ? • .* I was greatly impressed with the practical character him his confederates wore awaiting his arrival with abut as the moet efficient means of advancing the pur-gambler, with his associates, gave chase, shouted "stop JSta,tes ? but that no answer has yet been given, to it. thief;" boys, men, and policemen followed in sharp Says the paper quoted: " A question of etiquettevolved on Gen. Zaragdza, an experienced oflicer of more tl>an ordinary piudence, who would be as likely, astray other, to"lead the repulsed army to victory. *, On the other,hand, Gen. Miramou, at the head of about the eame number of ReactionistB, would not be likely to move with the greatest caution. Personally, lie is said to be a reckless man, and in view cf-his re-of an acute and remarkable intellect. He was admitted poses of those who have put the Disunion ticket ofto the bar in a few months after, got married, and at Breckinridge and Lane in nomination. The Dauite pursuit, and the ruined gainhler was caught. He was seems to be involved in the matter. . Presidentonce pushed forward to the front rank in his profession.Such is Mr.. Lincoln's early history, given ia meagerleaders in that State seem generally to be of the same way of thinking; and thus there is once more a pros-so much frightened that he voluntarily returned the Buchanan, it appears, does not think it advisable to in-money to the hand from which he had taken it,andthe vite his Royal nighness to visit the United Statesfellow sped away as quickly as ho had come. Wiien without formal notification from the British Govern- markably brilliant career, it would not be umiatural ments at work. 'I—1"><,|l Y,^«^^^W^^^!3(p<5f :-it y!Wr:' T?admitted raiher further intb the family than bis station would carry him, because his manners were unusually refined. However, a marriage with him was out of the question—so the mother said, so the stepfather e&id, at the same time exclaiming against the impud- ence of some people in trying to marry hbove theirSyria is now the scene of one of the most sangoinarjrCathedral to his young wife. plied for.A divorce has been ap-—All will remember the Sophia Werner, murder, by mortal eyes—are subetantiblly the only two which miles from Beyrout, whence the flash of musketry sometimes called the " barrel mystery," which took can. boast of; a free prees. Sure I am that in our o <vn may easily be eeen, and the volle>s heard one aftercountry, and especially in this New England, which another in rapid successioc, as they echo through tho placeat or near Chicago some time ago; Henry Jum- we hold s6 justly dtar, the influence of this irresistible valleys. The dying and the dead are- brought dailypertz, being "tried twice for the murder, and coming means of social impro'vemrnt can be distinctly traced, into the town in large numliers, and the widows a n * almostinsight,ofthegallows,wasfinallyacquitted. "asdefinitelyastheiheffaceablemarksofeveryforward'tbfeorphansmaybeseeningreatcrowdsweepingand—AratheractiveyoungDemocratwithDouglas proclivities, residing in Boston, was laughed at the ether night by his neighbors, iand subsequently by many others when the story became noised abroad. It appears that, having been one of the most eager for the nomioation of the Little Giant of all the Massachur setts delegation, he was daily or nightly in expecta- tion of a serenade or some similar honor. On the evening above referred to, he was just composing him- self for frlamber when the strains of brazen music re- called his toppling senses..' He hastily dressed, lighted the gas, bustled a'bounteous collation upon the table, and then made his appearance upon the steps of hisHe went to St. Louis, ruined inpui'se an<l broken in step. Th«ie is no portion of the world which bears any comparison with New-Eagland in the number and spirit, yet followed by the kindness of a very few fast variety of its public journals. We have gained thisfriends. The other day the Prussian Consul of this advantage chiefly duringjthe last half century. Therewailing about ihe streets.The barbarity of this war is truly shocking. Men,women and chi-dren are overtaken while fleeing for refuge and without arms, and ruthlessly slaughtered while praying for quarter. , £ MThe Christians hare thus far suffered most terribly* Their villages have been burned, their crops de~ strayed, and great numbers have been brutally mur- dered, while the Druses, who are better warriors and far more courageous, ar^asristed by the Turks, Mos- lems, and Metawalies, and,op to this time have proved fine co8xful*The bloody war which is waged on both sides as ft war of extermination has its origin in religious and political causee. The Christians aud Druses bate each other with a deadly hatred on account of tne difference intheirreligiousfaith;andtheChristianshatethe) Dnues with a special hatred, beCaaee the Druses are) in a great many of the .mountain Christian districts feudal chiefs and rulers over the Christian Or MarooiteIf Tie fchnrir oncft u .gees vohecure, he might have seen ambiguous squintings,the Court party dare do nothing against the prince.—A Texas paper says that a'man named Lankford, in Coryell County, recently whipped a negro slave girlof one peopJe may be poured out a common stream of and Creek Catholic villages. The more immediatex:w.-k,',A•jL...m$iof theXfheralccuweand tlidConstitatkmo f . J ^ J 7 - ^.Govt*OUtrflfi jpeo^U Ay T**jUaj,there, jmovalTfce Mndfn Consu The "befoutho l»isncc?etian v Child n ibeir 1 On th* Chri.* for ref"Their «thecr" T o t>Thisc ftlcwei •Seejrgthe .- H naence^ bom.upcu the si..slangh withAffiO' p tWfcLt the -hi living -the to within amov.they heard him through', then with alacrity went intohis parlor and attacked his good cheer. When the of stealing money, but. afterward found the treasureappetites of all had been appeased, it was made knowntbat the sererade was addressed to a quiet citizen of thenoble as it is free—it is for this generous ministration that the free press of a free country should be honored and cherished by its citizens.-'one-third of that nuuber. Although peace was then declared, the Druses have since assassinated every Christian who came in their way, with an evident de-their appreciation of his services by presenting to him an explosion, and the would-be preacher was obliged a purse of $500. \ : . . • .,; rto make hjs exit rather,precipitately. Fortunately for—An old gentleman of the name of Phillips, of arrived at this port yesterday, brings—to one of our fact, they are crowded out by the people who seek most prominent and-beet-informed Mexican residents— their protection; for. .wherever the American flag, iaof his mind. No man living has less of the visionary. B e is evidently a '' good hater'r of cloud-capped theo- ries. The grasp of his mind is strong and tenacious. He talks like one who thinks, clearly and profoundly. He has all the marks of a mind that scans closely, Can- vasses thoroughly, concludes deliberately, and holds to such.conclnsions imfimchingly. He eeems to-me to be really gifted with the faculty of remaining faithful to his convictions of right in the face of difficulties and discouragements. I shall be mistaken if he does not prove as firm as he is acknowledged to be honest. An- other cliaracteristic that impresses me is his e-ninent truthfulness. 1 do not believe that any earthly power can drive Mr. Lincoln into the commission of a mean action. I am sure that be would far prefer being right to being President. One feelsj in talking with hioi, that hiei utterances come from the heart.I heard but one expression of unqualified praise of Mr. Lincoln among his neighbors. No man living is more profoundly respected and more ardently beloved among those who know him best. All parties and in- terestsjoin in paviDg tribute to his private virtues. Everywhere I heard aim spoken of as the best of hus-bands, the kindest of parents, the most irreproachable of citizens.—The Breckinridge leaders in Illinois appear tohave succumbed to Douglas. The Chicago Herald, and pink flowers as a head-drces. 1,921 invitations present in the battles of Wagram and Moscow. Atfly, which drove off amid the yells and hisses of the whole congregation.Stockbridge, Mass., completed bia one'hundredth year eeen waving on the housetop, the people flock in great >on Friday last, haying been born June 29,1760. He is the important news that Gen. Miramon had been de- numbers for admission. "* .'Buckingham Palace, the Queen wore'a black silk dresswith a deep Uounce of black Nottingham lace, trimmedWith lilacs and green leaves, and ornamented diamonds.Her Majesty's head.-drees was composed of a wreath oflilacs and green leaves and diamonds. The Princess derhook, Columbia County, aged 96 years. Sh$ wasThis news is brought in a private letter from Monte-rey to Matamoras, md was recerVed just before theAlice wore a dress of white tulle over a rich white glace, studded with pansies and bows of black velvet. HerRoyalHighness'shead-dreeswasformedofpansies and diamonds. The Hereditary Grand DucheBS of Mecklenburg Sfcrelitz- wore a dress of white tulle with silver. The stomacher, necklace, and earrings of dia-the recipient of a bounty from Government for ser- vices .rendered by her husband during the Revolution.—Mr.RichardH.'Hana, havingarrived atJapan,de- sired to vieit Yeddo, but the conditions of the* treaty forbade-this, and the request was not allowed.—The tallest man in France has just expired, nearreliable.Gen. Miramonwas at the head of the whole reactiou-ary force, recently collected in the vicinity of Quere-taro, and Gen. Zaragpza, of the Constitutional army,eince the defeat of Gen, Uxaga at Guadalajara.Of the battle we have no particulars, but presume it was a general engagement. • The defeat and capture of Miiamon alone,'however, would be a brilliant victory. The place of the battle was the same in wnich. Gen.Parodi was formerly routed.We learn also by the same source that Gonzaleswhich they receive with comfort and consolation from the American miseiouaqSe.One of the largest of the Christian towns. Deirel Kenir, is now in a state of siege, aud great suflering ia produced by the want of provisions,»Since writing the above news has been received that Deirel Kenir is a Turkish town and is garrisoned by Turkish troops—unlike the other Christian towns,,which are governed either oy Christian or Drasefeudaj chiefs—and indicates that the Turks are determined to- crush the Christian power in .Mt. Lebanon. In thua attacking a Turkish town, the Druses' become rebels^ but the Governor-General forgets his assumed consist- ency, and allowed the Druses to burn a large portion} ' of the place before he iuterfered.Information haa also been received this evening thai the Christians in the north of Lebanon are rallying, and have, repulsed the Druses, with great slaughter. This yet requires confirmation, as it is generaflybe- lieved that the Christians have become disheartened by the union of the Turks with the Druses, and are giving up their arms.It has been estimated at the British Consulate that about tixty villages have been burned. It is believed that the European Powers will not interfere in behalf of,theChristianainSyria,andrelievethemfromtho Turkish yoke.BEYKOUT, Syria, June 7, I860. Since the Turks have cried, "havoc, and letlooso the dogs of war," not only the poor persecuted Chris- tians who are BOunfortunate as to be subjects of the Sublime Porte, but Christians of eyery1 name and na- tion, for the present residing in Syrian towns^ have been exposed to great danger from the fiendish ele-monds. Her Royal Highness's headdress was com- Rouen, at the age of 71, being M. Charles Gruel d'ln- posed of a tiara of diamonds, heart's-ease, and silver drevilie of Nesle, Normandy, who founded, and for—A yonng man from the country, found himself in agamblrog'h'ouBc in Boston the other day. The compa-ny were shaking props, and he tried his hand; his lackwasill,andhelo.5allhismoney,$24,thebulkof inthesnowwithscarcelyanycovering.He,however,'which was in the form of a $20 bank note. As this recovered and returned to France. ;; .. ' .ments, and the ardor with which she always proclaimed did inform Mr. Buchanan that the Prince was to vicit the Liberals remained masters of an already historic them made her not one of the moet desirable residents the Colonies, what would be thought of it ? Why, field. The " invincible" Gen. Miramon also fell intothat they were seeking an inviiation for the Prince to' the hands of. the enemy, and is*now a prisoner. Tnis ' steps of distinguished mem Nothing v*** further from from the Boston Castom-House, because they inclined in Central Italy, where the straggle between the Sar- is a'great victory, for it was onlv the tact and preetigedinian and the old reactionary parties wasj>ending, and vifcit the neighbojing republic. What could bo more of this remarkable man thit-hasfortho last twelve• Editorial Correspondence of TW UtLca Mortdng Herald.m * v -SFjaaeyiaxa, 111., June 21,1860.State Convention a£ Worcester, on the 29th of August. —Two Democrats, who were recently dischargedI have an instinctive aversion to dogging thefoot-- any thoughts four days ago than a visit' to Abraham toward Douglas, received a serenade from their per-Lincoln. Nothing seemed more impossible than that I sonal and political friends, on their .return to Green- after undergoiog a short imprisonment, from .whish sheridiculous?'' .- " C'. . .' :•—-SenatorDouglasiBstillattheFifthAvenueHotel. He will remain in town for the next fortnight.months kept hie party from crumbling to pieces. Their money is*gone; they are dividtd among themselves, the sertimentsofthepeopleareagainsttiiem,anditisonly the almost unbroken career of victory he has run thathasthusTorkepttiiemtogether.| shouldever—beforeorafterhiselectiontothePresi- etency—;join the great mob of those who should "pay him their respects.'' But meeting an intimate personalfield,wheretheyresided. • ' .—The Legislature of New-Hampshire, which waswasreleasedbythespecialdesireofGaribaldi,she withdrew to Switzerland. This was last July, and sincethenshehasresidedinLugano,andemployedtheAmericanbarkSpeedwell. comfort.This,gaveussome "andpoliticalfriendofMi.Lincoln,afewdayssince, standard-bearer. You think him a mere rough dia-mond—a slang-whanging Western stomp speaker, whotacks' the .ease and polish of the well-bred gentleman.dissolvedonthe4thinst.,heldasessionofbuttwenty-; be said, " You New-Yorkers donT know oar glorious mne daysjand the pay of members was only $2 per herself in writing for the press. Her husband is a-When GaribaldiwentonboardtheEnglishshipHannibal to meet the Neapolitan commander, he worethe full uniform of a Picdmontese G?»eral, hut hisusual working dress includes nothing mora ornamentalthan a red flannelBhirt, a slouched hat, and a colored' bccnllcdtho home army, or national guards of hisdiem.—Owen Loyejoy addressed enthusiastic Republicanmember of a very old and influential Venetian family. He was an officer under Manin in tho siege of 1818-49, and was exiled from Piedmont for the part he took inThe hews from Zacatecas also is very probable in itself,-and Comes to us on the same excellent authority. Gov. Ortega has the reputation of being a, very pru- dent officerj and furthermore commanded what mightthe matter before his colleagues, and requested a gen-eral remonstrance upon the part of the Consular corps.This was immediately done, and orders were sent off'I want you should go and see Mm—to come in contact crowds at Hamilton ofi the 4th, and Seneca Falls onV ith the man—to taut with his nejgh>x>rs—and then go the 5th, and at Buffalo on the 6th. At the latter place, arranging Pisacane's expedition to Calabria in 1857.: State. The first imprudent movement would, there-homo and tell your people why we in the Went so muchloveandhonorhim." IconfessIhadanintensedeyire the "Wide-Awake"Clubmadeitsfirstpublicparade, - —A divorcecaseof anaturea*littlepeculiar hasto see the man, and readily surrendered to the argn- turning-out with more tl^0M^linndxi^':&Mita. ranks,, lately been decided in the Supreme Court of Massachu- mews of my friend. * •' \ . ' • « • . and eliciting many expressions.of delight from the setts -in :fevor of the weaker party---in euch mattersalwaya^the' husband* It appears that after he hadthe same .day from Beyrout, folding the Governor and. cravat.".-. •;£.-,': - .,;• .' ''•.' ^•* '- '•' ]• • fore, very probably W on the part of the invader, • the military commaudor.of Sidon responsible for fur--Armed with a*strong letterof recommendation, I was spectators along the line of its march*' • scon en route for Springfield. Leaving Chicago by themorning, the British Consul was induced to sehdH.'B. — says, and his M.'s tteamcr Firefly to Sidon, for the protectf^0*tlie' HUnois Central Eaifroad, X,'pasted over a country un- —The I T M ^ J M ^surpassedinfertilityofsoil,andsmilinginthepromise morning: ...,'-,'.-,.«f a bounteous barveet. .^^As I went south, I found the . " I n , Jblm C Breckinridge theDemc^ffacy; have a brought by him, and that this divorced husband wasarmy, two thousand in number, driven from.the State. Christian population. The arrival of .this, vessel pro- —TheNew-YorkcorrespondentofTheN.O.Cres- SS^!B®SSi OfKew-LeouandCoahuila,hadput era!hundredChristianshadbeenkiflsd*»*^<«,thewallsu himself.at the head of a movement which had for itscent boldly alleges that tho writer ^hb;;'doefl.the: object the_return p* Geh. Comonfort to the Presidency. mJen hours., of dusty riding, in a sun that had all the discount on the gallant young Kentucky statesman. fore applied for a release, on the ground that the mar-, -*;% -eonunon-place, sprawling sort ot town, covoring dent of the Lnited States. The people have, already so tained this view of the case, and the victim ia «gaia :contraxited the marriage he a^oovei^'that his..wife ''. ¥(&*$:$&•'.'•'• hadbeendivorcedfromaformerhusbandonalibelia free-lover in hisjprivate andnon-editprfoTvMvra.£ ) 'I , *?WTa*> who, we are given to understand, has al- sacre, bayoneting the ..<5bi»gi|«»:>*Wvff^*«7 ^ d jSereoaemof1!hedog-days,brought«iefoSpringfield, TheflathasgoneforththathemustbethenextPresi- riage.withhimwasillegalandvoid.:TheCourtsus- l:-T^ApH^otiC.ihB^::m'an^;".'^aT4ed;;; JCha^off^Betrf,, readynsBuedproclamationsorpro&mciumioutoatothat befoundunprotected;'". fj.treaidmg then in Minnesota, h&%week committed stucide asarkabl* chiefiy Uf* having nO vkiWecenterjofbusi- totJiwartthittrwishe8.''.-r;.:-''V: ;'-• •••'xA % by strangling himself with an Ameriisan flag;J i>< ;: ) Jisnota • " • •but. the news i^'hot altogether improbable; alarmedrand exnosed to every conceivable o>uiger-~ *pra long timejnow, there has been a highly re- and their joy was great when they.«aw the JBttttshneas. jMkpr vainly searching for a hack, and finally >-rA correspondent writes a glowing account of[a. ^«9ffd!QbB^9j^^^ was the great day of the " Com-' —Mr. George Lunt, editor Of 'The Boston CovHcf^ Bpectable party in Mexico, who, tired of the ruloof the vessel stesniing into the-port. The outcry of .the-Mos-' < about ten times as much ground as it ought, and re-F, willed i( in their hearts? and there is no use in trying fteev'miw.aettling down to the conclusion that ail the world here-' Ishouts were pedestrians, I set out to visit the futurePresident of these United States, in the truly demo- ' S S f S w i S S J f ^ ^jSde save my ownwiia Ihadlitie diflkafcy infiudV J ongb^MihvJ?^t .election.*'Boston, in Faneuil Hall.; It was oh admirablespeech,• ^respected President the. Republic has had since the the authorities,and aft*r, threatening them with th© followed the names of the Pope,, the King of Naples, the best we rememberever to have refd upontliat''su]t>-.' revolution; "Aacyot, Gen. Comonfort is by no means vengeance of the British Lion if these atrocities didUntitled Document'•-;.-•• IVThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069the Emperor^^ordv.John-.Roasen^wiiTho-PresentWe quota ^.^followingwpassage, -which. $*$** which was framed under his administration, bat he ia iplete^iwith the most:eidarg«d and progressive ideai; ; ;_, PERSONAL.i Xirncom^ onthe doorplate, told me-that my pihjrnuMe ' —Four years ago, the widow of an English officer.. cheers a n d % ^ ^ 4 ^ - ^ . ^ I $ M » S ^ ^ 8 , ^ , ^ o^i this subject, I both think and feel that error is par- posed to proscription of any kind. • ,ing tfce place of my destination,.„Jk ^modeatrtookinfl' ttttf ifo^ry^hrdwn: frame house., with the name., m&Wt*MM&fNi«K't4*jPXOMA, m, JtoM> S^ 18S0; j without being extravagantly furnished. :-£n-vx ,oi whom 8he met at the bal MaUlle, whither she had XluttinatiiriBfrjX biography of AIn*h^v Itfncoln unlet refinement pervadtd the place. .Xoa^ould;have innocently enough gone. As before said, to the youngWalts, by virtue of bia rank,; took precedence, being ans and society impossible. But it is not so—for, while* ban given bis adhesion. The only danger is, that be him- followed by the -Vice' Chancellor.-. •Lord Brougham one exploded falsehood alter aootber has gone to obli- self, who is by no means without ambition, or somaj •,edgedby repeated bowsl Sir F . MCUutpck was evi- heart of the first man, sinks as deeply into the convic- Republic which usually confers that honor upon the,dently the hero of tie day, and a tempest of applause tions of today as nvdid six thousand, yeare ago. But last most successful General, let me Bay,;h a word or, two only, how vast a change.»has been wrought in social' life during the present cen- greetedhim., . '^?£?*£ffil f£&t0££t'< £#r?' •'''••••1 '•tury,, by that great di£fl1emuuitorof light and knowl-IMPORTANTFROMSYRIA."^!•%-Mr8. Leroy,,, of whom mention vyaa some timesince made, she being then at the West in pursuit of ahusband said to have eloped,1 turns put to be a.poieoner,and a very clumsy one, too.: She arrived at Port Hu-ron, Mich., on the 15th of June, in" company with aPrussian' named Charles Penner, and with him re-mained till the morning of tho 29th ultimo; then hewas found dead in his bed, murdered by poison. Aforced conveyance of all his property was exhibited bythe woman, and also a fraudulent marriage certificate,signed by a Baptiet minister,in Detroit who. never hadan existence. See was immediately arrested and com-muted for the murder. Papers which were found un-der the carpet in her room furnish ground for the sus-picion.that her last husband was disposed of in theedge the newspaper, press. Human wronsr has by nomeans ceastd; and in the advancement of society theingenui'y of viceuhdoubtedly strives tokeeppace withthe intelligence and power of virtue. Arid yet, whatcasual glance does not show, that, though oppressionand terror still cling to the habitations of cruelty, yet;the echoes of one voice, the concentrated remonstranceof the humaner and more enlightened sentiment of theworld, penetrate the darkest of the dark places of the conflicts ever enacted in this land, which has ever beet)'samemanner.' :->-^y\ #••. '••• •••/f'-yj'-'AFrom my window last week I counted from twenty the riptniug promise of a dominion neverbefore beheld to thirty burning villages upon-the mountain a fewChurch for 88 years. ' . ; ~ • • > i —Mrs. Cornelia Cornelison, renct of Peter Corneli-son, a rfcvolutionai-y soldier, died on Tuesday, at Kin-Bte'&v&x- sailed. It vronld appear to be every way and night b y women and children crying for bread,wheat ears. The Princess Mary of Cambridge wore a many years carried on some extensive'glassworks at Ortega, at the head of the Constitutional forces at pink crape dress covered with a tunic of Brussels lace, that place. His stature was nearly 7 feet 6 inches En- Zacatecas, had met and routed the reactionary Gen.trimmed with bouquets of pink flowers and silver cord. glishy and his body was stout in proportion. In early _The corsage to correspond.•.. A pearl and diamond stom- life he . entered the Imperial army as. a private soldier,Ramirez. . .This news was received at Monterey on the 22d, by express from San Luis, and is believed to be reliable.The important Mexican news we publish comes from one of the most substantial commercial houses of Mata- inoras. It was furnished to them by their cbrrespon- dents at Monterey, wliither it was brought by express from San' Luis. The fact that it comes to us through one channel only could make us doubt it. °In itself the news is very probable. After theirdisastrousrepulsefromGuadalajara,theLiberalsre-tired to one of the. strongest positions in the vicinity,acher. Her Royal Highness wore a tiara of diamonds* but soon gained the rank of 8ub-lieutenant. He wasthe Panite organ, after having prepared a Breckinridgeand Lane banner and made other arrangements towage the war in that interest, has suddenly changed itspurpose and come out for Douglas. The reason it al-leges is that it is only by preventing Lincoln from carrjingIllinoisthattherecanbeanypossibilityoftakingthe election into the House ofHepretentatives and intothe Senate. It. supports Douglas, accordingly,' notfrom any abatement of its hatred of the Little Giaat, the young man snatched it and ran. The astonished often aeked, Will tho Prince of Wales visit the Unitedwere issued.one time he was a prisoner of war, and having fallen ill, was sent to the hospital of Kiinigsberg.. This hos- pital was sacked by the Russians, and M. Gruel was thrown, out into the street, and he passed a whole nightwhere they were eaid to number some 10,000 men. was about disappearing into the pocket of the winner, —The Toronto Leader says that the question is Gen. Uraga having been wounded, the command de-stemious, usiog neither tobacco nor spiritous liquor of tween the two rival political leaders who fought there,any kind. No man, moreover, ever yet accused him so gallant and so nearly even a fight two years ago. *- were, they started off to recover the money, but werp the Colonies. This is the apology offered on behalf of over, had just come out of the successful engagement—A Republican correspondent at Fort Des Moines, unsuccessful. So.the young man had the satisfaction Mr. Buchanan but, if true, it is an exceedingly lame at Ouaoalajara, and would be- quite likely to sbare the cities of a general Moslem insurrection, and all aro.'• of an ungenerous or a dishonorable act or thought. tiaad 1 not truly that he furnishes the best sample to be just with of the gigantic growth of intellect and elia'r- acter, under the fostering influence* of American insti- tutions axfd society, when not dwarfed by idleness, dis- ajpation, or dishonesty 7 Yours, truly, z...#. w.Guanajuato. The lteactionists, if we are to believe JJST EVEJONG WITH* ABEAHAM LINCOLN. held a meeting on Friday, and voted to call the next above a year ago, but her thorough republican senti- further parleying. Suppose the British Government the account' before us, have been utterly routed, andIowa, writes us that everything wears the most cheer-one. He is perfectly well aware that the Prince ofWales is to visit Catada, and if he desires to extend tohim an invitation, personally, or on behalf of the peo-Medici's contingent. Mad. Mario went to Italy ple of xhe United States, he should do so without any at' or near the City of Salamanca, in th.e Stats ofing prospect in that region. large majority in Iowa.Lincoln will have a very—Mad. Jeese White Mario sailed with her husband, Alberto Mario, for Sicily, in the vessel that took Col.—The Republican State Committeeof Massachusettsof knowing that he had twice flung away his property.sentiments of their Geiieral, especially in the excite- ment of pursuit. . •now'wearied with constant watching, every European and native Christian having slept upon his arms- for nearly two weeks.While in this state of mind, you may imagine tho-' effect produced upon the pubUcmind by the announce- ment a few day8 ago that the Mosleme of Si<Joa [had risen and were killing the Christians,. The utmost ex- citement prevailed for a time, and every eye was cast seaward, with the hope that Vessels might arrive for the'protection of the town. One small British survey- ing steamer, carrying two cannon, was lying in tho haibor, and the stars and stripes were floating fromChurch oligarchy,^and hopeless of any effectual relief lems ceaseuVavery^osfcm; iwaaan disappeared from; mass-meeting recently held in Kingston, Ulster Co., to memoiafion" 'at Oxford. In the theater thounder- respond^ to jjjjafe toast In hpnbr^of:the Press at tlie"from the extreme Radicals, have turned their attention the terraces, and quiet wasreetcredi: ;; - ;< . :ratify the Chicago nominatidns. He W confident ihat graduates indulged theniijelves as usual in groaning Fourth of July dinner, given, bythe Corporation- of >thiB,-the 'most moderate; influential, and really The Cbnunander soon called for an interview with:the ^pubHcan ticket will sweep the^county thor, and cheering various personamd things. Three groans. >U <aeonceewonistor atrimmor. He is out-spoken in favornot immediately cease, dreVup a contract makmg'th*earth, and make the thrones of force and fraud now and forever intecure. ,• •.'" Without the Press, then, I say, Sir,.none of those; • vconppicuously prominent in the march of civilization—:: ;< '•'• .. '-;'- -. ' -Metawaliee.the one in the maturity of its power, and the other inde—vot—ion»t"o sarroundv.,-t.-he holry altar•J.o-.f-.TF-reedom—and J causes of the war may bweo tMrWacWeWd to *th««e b«lo.od-jy feudathat thus the prcspenly and glory of the country may .- > between Druse and Christian tribes. Last be made perpetual, ana thus the benign ends of Provi e x i g t i D /be induced to follow in the footsteps of a republican ened to precipitate a war in which the Marohite Chris- tians were victorious, having repulsed the Druses, kill- where he had laid it, and then, with his natural incon- commonwealth, to become, let us hope, as wise and ing foity or more, while their own lose was less thaatinence of memory, had forgotten the occurrence. The man who furnished the information said that "shenext house, who had never. attended a political Con-universally vention in his life, but whose private virtues, and a waBthe most inhumanly whipped creature he ever —The local editor of The Richmond Enquirer, termination to make the number of the Maoronite losshis contest with Douglas. He told me that he spoke, to his couch a dissatisfied man, and the choice army of Paris. It is said be will not return to Italy again. It"The burnished edge of the snn'B golden circle had cessful, but relyiog upon tueir numbers, they neglected in all, sixty-four limes, nine or ten times face to face appears to be his intention to retire to a magnificent scarce begun to glitter above the horizoa on the 4th to appoint leaders or to form anv plan, for the cam-with bis antagonist. His estimate of the "Little serenaders emoked their hilarious way homeward. inBt.. ere the city was heard waking up from its paign;CODsequently the Druses rallied under their war-Giant" isjgeuerous. He concedes to him great hardi- —A shameful hoax was played on the minister and mansion he purchased four years ago on the banks of " Midsummer nigbt's dream " of joy on the morrow, rior chief's, and burned every Maronite and Greek 2>the river Mr. Lincoln states that he first met the hood, pertinacity, and magnetic power. Of all men congregation of the Kelvedon, Eng., Independent the Lake of Geneva, foreseeing at the time-the present to greet with loud acclaim the anniversary of the birch Chris-ian village within their reach. The provincialon. Jesse JB- Da Bus, the present State Auditor of he Las ever seen, says Mr. L., he has the most audacity convulsed state of Italy. He has caused works to be of Liberty on the continent of America. Meanwhile, authorities pronounced the invading party—the Chris-in maintaining an untenable position. Thus, in en- Chapel, on the 17th ult. In a public house, in an ad- np, up still clomb the sun, and as he stood with his tians—to be rebels, and the Governor-General pro-deavoring to reconcile Popular Sovereignty and the joining village, a conversation arose over some pota- executed there on a'grand scale,and which are not yet lower limb for amoment poised on the green surface ceeded with all his available force to-the mountain?,Dred Scott decision, his argument, stripped of sopnis- tions as to how easily the congregation in question completed. M. de Rothschild is said to entertain very of the forest, there Beemecf to spread over aJLhis glsri- and brought bis cannon to bear upon the Christians,try, is: " It is- legal to expel Slavery from a te ntorygloomy views of the actual situation of the Neapolitanous face a beam of joy as he looked down on. the earth, checking them at every turn, while the Druses, aided robi»g herself in her brighteet attire to receive him, by the soldiery, carried on their work ^>f pillage andand dazzling was the effulgence which he shed o'er murder in a manner shameful even to a North Ameri-spire and dome, and verdant field, and expanding can Indian.where it legally exists! " And yet he has bamboozledcould be doped, and eventually it was agreed betweensome parties, tbat one of the number, who was con- Kingdom. .'•.,sidered most learned and the best hand at recitation, —A few days ago, it was sWted by TiiE TRIBUNEcratic papers. He said some of his friends were kind should.personate a minister, and he, being dres3ed for that Mrs. S. 1>. TcrriJi of Clyde, Ohio, endeavored to flowere, and the noble old James, wending his placid., Denounced as traitors and rebels, their homes having;enough to let him see the most abusive of them. He the part, and having jmt on a white cravat and a pair destroy her hus^wnd by lire, but only succeeded in way toward the bosom of the deep. been burned, their crops destroyed? and in some caecashouldjudgethelineoftacticwhichtheyintendedto •"Up,,upstillhigher,thegodofdayclomb,intoa thtirfamiliesbutchered,theChristiansarerallyingfor enterprise on one occasion, with one of those proverbi- pursue, was that of personal ridicule. The Chicago of large spectacles to prevent recogoition, proceeded to consuming a 'saw*—ill, and \R accomplishing her own vault of cloudless blue, and then drum-beat and bugle- the forlorn hope; for they feel that the Druses, thus,nor. "1reckonnow,"saidLincoln,alludingtotheally comical expressions of countenance, " I reckon Times' tried that in '58, and helped him (Lincoln)Kelvedon with his confederates. He introduced him- ruin. . Mr. S. *-. iVrrHl now writes to say that the note and the steady tramp of armed men were he&rd, aided, will endeavor to exterminate them. This, how-self to the minister, and presented a letter with a ficti- account was .eoirect with one exception—the family and the city, like a hive eending out its swarm to taste ever, wid not be an easy matter, as the Maronite)now that thai was the store," and I judge from his amazingly. He was inclined to believe that the presentludicrous description of its miscellaneous contents that effort ol his enemies would be attended with like happytious signature, stating that he was engaged in preach- janeferred to to:»k place in the household of Mr. Eli of sweets, poured forth its thousands, to enter on theit might have been. However, the new business went results.ing and collecting on behalf of a .missionary society. Eventually the appointed preacher made way for him, and be ascended the pulpit, gave out a hymn, engaged in prayer, and then, taking his text, proceeded to readpleasures of the day. At 7 o'clock, the. First Regiment Greeks and Greek Catholics number ahout two hun- Banker. of "Virginia Volunteers, under Col. August, began to dred and fifty thousand, and if, as they hope and dailyalong badly, and did not prove profitable. The partner I was fortunate in finding Mr. Lincoln alone and dis-—During the recent fighting in Catania, Sicily, one muBter in the square. Between 8 and y o'clock; they expect, the European Powers will cpme to their aid,Insisted that they must add some whisky to their stock engaged. My visit, whichrl intended should be tenstood drawn up in line, inclosed with athick fringing they may not or Jy be-savod, but greatly improve their condition, by being placed under the rule of a European of citizens, looking, with their bright and varied attire, grince who may be placed over the Goverumenc ofin trade if they won a save themselves, but to this prop- minutes, was nearly two hours long. More than onceofthe nuns shot from her window numbers of the royal troops. She fired with the precision of an Alpine hunts-osition Lincoln stoutly objected, but .the partner as I rose to leave, but he was kiiid enough to assure mestonily insisting^ Lincoln finally sold out to him. that he did not regard my call as a bore. I found himAbout this tune the Black Hawk war was the sub- to be one of the most companionable men I have ever sundry passages from Baxter's "-Saints' Rest." . The. man, never missing. The colonelordeied his men to gone through, and tne drum major had .moved majesti- yria.ject of excitement. A new militia company was to be met. Frank, hearty, and unassuming, one feels, irre- congregation, . being ueed to extemporaneous dis- fire m platoons repeatedly against the windows, but. in cally his gold-headed, wand, and the little drummers Xhe American missionaries m Mount Lebanon have formed, and there was a strife as to who should be the sistibly drawn toward him. In his conversation and courses, evinced symptons of disapprobation, and at vain. Tho heroine remained unscathed, and still kept had made the old Capital echo with their rattliog roll, been greatly exposed, but as yet have suffered only byCaptain. There was a tall,, pompous follow in the bearing he reflects the gentleman. Hardly a trace of last the mock preacher fairly broie down, entreatingand Sniith'8 fine.bogle and band had discoursed sweet the want of provisions. • ,neighborhood, glorying in the military title of *' Major "—who' was very anxious for the new office, and who felt confident of obtaining it. When the day of election arrived, there proved to be from a dozen tofifteen candidates for the captaincy. The plan of elec tioB adopted was novel. A space was cleared, and itwaa agreed, that each candidate should march across Hue space with hiaJEriends following him in single file, and the man who had the largest procession of friends* should be declared the Captain. While the proces- sions were forming, some of the "boys " canght Lin- coln by the arm, and declared that he should be a can- didate. He protested that he knew nothing about mil-ner is at times somewhat unusual, it never strikes you as in the least degree uncouth. In the essentials ofpreacher then rose and-cautioned hie congregation notmusic, the companies were dismissed."MEXICO./.personal to the Americans in Mount Lebauon is appre- DEFEATANDCAPTUREOFMIRAMON. hended, as they are well known and well protected, From Th* N.. O. Picayune, July 3. but their work is stooped by the war, tneir houses be- The United States Mail steamship Arizona, which come asylums for tne wounded and the fearful; iathe rough schooling of his earlier days remains. Youmay be pressed by bis angularity or character; but it the audience to excuse him, as he was not in the habitnever occurs to you that he lacks culture. If his man- of addressing such large congregations. Taeregnlarfiring away, killing her man with every shot.—The Rev. Leroy Swormstedt, who has acted as principal agent of the Methodist Book Concern of the Wesc for a quarter of a century, has resigned on ac-Upon the breaking out of the war, Mr. ConsulJobn- . son sent guards for toeir protection, and in some casoa provisions. Some of the families of the mission have^ comedown to Bt yrout under an escort furnished by the Consul, and others are dai»y expected. No dangerto part with any money, as the other was an impostor,j g°°, breeding, Mr. L. is inflnitaly superior to-the> gen- and that he knew nothing of him. This spark caused count of ill-health. Some of his friends have testifieddlike unto a wrsath. , After various evolutions had beenUnder these circumstances, thenj the two armies metKanurdfe,whowouldnotbelikelyto beatthehcatlof—ItisBaidontheauthorityof.ofilcialstatisticfl, that,there are at pieeontia LuTope, 18ji40 actors, 21,^09actrespCB, 1^733 managers of theaters; and the numberof persons.attached in one why or another to dramatioc^tabh^hmentB amounts to 82,2j6r^;- . , ,; * « * r 0 B s t " e ?xtreme northern States we learn that duced a temporarV effect of stilling toe^tirmalt. Sev-^etltct. ,J;heee pro/lamatious have not yet reached us, The Franks had not been molested, but £ e r o greylythe battle field of the Old World—and Mount Lebauoa is now one vast funeral pile. %Druses and Christians, numbering hundreds of thouvther,outrages.A Russian frigate anivmgveiyopportAinelyjthenW'*-of tho town, in tne orange gardens ,and th« cemetery. a 8 ! : u o lbI%\ www.fultonhistory.com• M B M M*JA,wNsjfrjjjgF 