 NEW YORK HERALD.a i n o o a D o i I I I I I T T , B)1TUB AND PROPftlKTOB.hai-e, ckW'Bg ratntr be*vy,«ni the bam« of qti<»**tinas in Watbiaatoa. and we have never inquired involved in the above bill, aad the gray HKBULOintheHouseof Representativesisthe ni.orrthe mealg v. u in aiotiier rola-an. Flour w*a somewhat armor, .bout the religion or politics of one of tbem. last kick of the miserable debris of cliques of Mr Cooper's railroad bill, introduced hi the Isuch franchises, ana depnfereace with *kertgtoaai^nr Be nave way, after a long speech, for ai>rfici a. w. eooxa* or NABSAD AKD FULTOJI JTS.TtSMS <m+ ** M , Bow* M* Ay ao(J w«P Wat (At Rflc. for whits {Southern. l*orlt was agaia tkoi-r, wuutbeir judgment. t»ct and iuu-grity. These gen tienun collect facts and information from allhave been assailing os incessantly for the last mcDetcg st the westerly terminus of Forty second street, with a double track, to Seventh avenue, tbeaos along Se-ritkatiktt Play *ti»y M*rnM M»aterri>4awi"TAT* DAILY BKMALD **, *mm mr « y . » . » » * * * _ < c prime U $ 1 76, aad vam at $.J ^J. Sugars were laquarters-from democrats,republicans,Soutn toescapethealternativeofbeingroastedalive. nrtet,akmgNinthstreet,withasingletrack,toaveaae act.andmovedaselectcommitteeoffiveeadhaaadatttd fernrA*iic«Uiu.v i«aa ea>* ea.WO Mi'TlCt ADVKBTKMMMTaBaB/tu •<• • » 'AMUMimrrs THIS BVBTHBO. unuy OABDBB. Bma-w.^mt *«**»•eng*f;« meots.Thve RowwJ«itls>a»s»rw Isaste Before Coaerres* that maj operate against a particularpoliticalP***LV BOUUI, a«U ia tot i4i»; PAAUVbe obtained The was adopted, when Mr. Spinola dis- cussed the bill until the boor of adjournment, and was maoe the tegular order for to-morrow morning Thus you will see the disposition to control everything at Al-by the Africa,fromwhich we makesome interest- ing extracts.Thefollowingnamedsteamersarenowduefromcountry.Senators Wilson and Fessenden have spokenPeace—City Railroads—Travellers' In- there as representatives of the republican party, the western couutie* ot the State, purporting to be signed during the winter. It must be borne iu five persons who are jiersoually known leyourcorreepoa^European ports:Kama.is to be President for the next four years. Whilst we are not to the majority of the committee, who have but oae representatives of a party, in the legislation that we marir. idea as to their duty, and that is to do everything io t&etrFultoaNova Scot**....City i>f Manchester Glasgow America Liverpoolwhich would be the staining of the Capitolto Albany.learned from Garrison, rejoices in the brutal murder. And all this is caused by the ruffian-glass of cold water until he has obtained permission from kittens of the black cat that figured in the Senate at Wash no doubt meritorious, others wnho.Ai any just claic,.but irgtnii m readineos, I have secured a correct report of imaginary. Mr. Conklmg, of New York, made a siruugthe Lieutenant General of the republican party of what was done. speech against this kind of leg .Nation this tn rning,ed for a week.personal feeling, and give the revolutionistscalming the agitation and giving a tone ot com-in the Committee of the Whole upon various local bills, and a doaen or more prepared Gar a third reading. This class of bills seems to be rushing through IB a hurry. A retrae-that ssmsneoB show.grade of Flatbushavenue, Brooklyn. Mcarra. Muter, Cooper,and Littlejohn fursber discussediDatenf WhereJan. it jNe* York. Ian. 11 IPortland.Jan. 12. Sow VforW. Jan. 14.1 Halifax.obliged to print the particulars of some terri-ALBAXT, Jan. 26,1860.Legislative Hail and the hotels here, about the appointr#f*ciany for emmon so* m«<1iitn graven ..f Suus »n4 W«»u-rn. H>u'b«>fn wao in fair dfra*a<i, t»ut was soma li-s* biMijaut f«r cjmmou grades. Wheat wa« hold atwve tbv view* of ptirehoiMsrs Cora ww cheaper, aad In good «u«.piy, wan safes of yellow Jersey at 78c. a SO^c., 80c a M y,c. tor goothem aad SSe for oboiee do , aad Hoc aterdsy, was the earn* as introduced in theprogress; snd the Senate adjournedi B l f .AiaiTt,Jan 38,1MBMr. WAB Alarms- (rep.) presented a memorial freartbr OBMBtBwat of a ceavepnoa of Beards of Bapm-vtsois sf se- nralowxBtfc*,asking amendments to theThw BgtiinmawawadIheroanti>—TheTruePostliuwof P a r t l e t .greae— and in both bouses it is identical—Is something far greater than a mere party strug- gle : it Is a revolutionary one, and involvesnot, let it be shown. An attack upon his politics is a poor way of impeaching his vera- city. The l b IUU) does not belong to the par-nected with us, inconsistent with integrity,honor and virtue, or incompatible with thestrictest propriety. We have lived forty years bany; this n rrpwbbesa doctrine as viewed by the fol-arm, and meet the demon of revolution. Itand mollify i tfer its self-defence for the hearthstone. Theed to cut out work for a future meeting.The Teutonia, from Southampton on the 7th in- argument must be made now, the true position strife the chief agitator. The records of theNEW YORKHBRALD. , gRl^AX_JiNgARY ^j^JftSg,sumption to deposit the same with the county basks, aad THE EnsooB IN THE HOUSE ABOUT THK HEBALD thn* keep it out of the vaults ot toe banks ofAlbany, 'tVt saks of cottua jeaVrJAj taabrai«l abo-t M O have hix or xven reporters and correspondents ANDA VIBOINU MEMBER.—The assault on the most p»> aforleitof tea per cent that ts IBsthat la hid be advocated the rtght.of the fttytalra of oil ram at $16 87% a Sl7, and a«w at $17 50, Americnrand other parties. It is a matter otWe have employed them for their intellectualcapac.ty and tbeir good moral cbaractAW, theirliterary acquirements and general information, twenty-five years. It is the impotent rage of or Weshawkea ferry, tbeaoe aloag Forty second street,D, thence atoeg avenue D. with a double track, to Colum- General abuse is the usual substitute for bia street, along Columbia street, with a single track, ts Grand street, along Grand street, with a double track. to lack of argument and truth, and of that the Esst river, thence along Cannon streel, with a single mpf. <" V f ewa—, •** AVropeua #*••»• • W f » • * • * » • it* New OTWWM, by aneuoo, at raies gtvaa ta another Our only requirement is that it be true, w e wt have received an abundant share during track, to Boos son street, along Houston street, with a sta- gte track, to svenas D, aloag avenue D to Teeth street, alongT«nthstreet,with asingletrack, to connect withsimilar petitions. Agreed to.Bemg general order day, Mils were considered la'mates of the Whole.The bill for the reBef of Lather WrighttheSrBABBBmadeap.arsonsIexplanationwords which had fallen from Urn la debate wheatae was last up, ana dnclAimed anyCuuklingMr. Cosuisu, (rep.) hi reply, upon the Speaker, alluding to his |The Bnuoun, to reply, alluded, la amanner, to the misfortunes which, in ti1861, bad overtaken thefirm of which he waa a i embarrassing bis large private fortune, bat he <that be had never knowingly wronged a neighbor, snd that the balance of bis life would be devoted to IB* eadsa- vor to secure every man from loss through his private misfortunes.The soeaeaad the remarks of tbsBpseker made a deep impression ea the Boose.The bill was ordered to a third reading.The bill to amend the act for the lasBrpnrsBwa of com- panies to navigate lakes snd rivers was taken up.Mr. Coosma (rep.) said that it was thought that the MB Infringed on the ferry rights of New York. Be Ibia-sfore moved to report progress on the bill. Agreed to.The Speaker appotated as a ConusHioa oa the State EgnsllisBoa of Taxes, Messrs. Palmar, Van Aksuae, McQoade, Mooiton and Milling ton.The Comptroller, ia reply to the resolution of the as- sembly, reported that the amount paid Baring the mat year for conveying convics to State prisune was, la the aggregate, B24,82» 16. .Ml ^ M f f ) flat owe* lfflrtl» •NAT"rag mt&Mir BtMALD *** &Z*9\t*L.T?'ZZ fair r^qtust, with sales ol $00 a 600 Cuba mistocado, aadIndifference to us where they get their news.U 4*J*to<~°» uuja CmV«*' orSlB»lI a>f, and 3,160 bags Pe*nam&uco, at rates glrea to aswant the truth, and the probability is that the correspondent availed by the Boston paper owe. ti* attack to bis having told some truththe last quarterof a century, whenever we disturbed the schemes cf politicians, from mem- bers of Congress down to members of the Com-rwFrAtri rwwMAU> m "^oTvKflmr'^UMMMroifOM^m.otherplace.Freajnuweresteady,wiih afairamountoflowers and curtain lifters of the Albany Regency, of •o. 46 issues of the most important character to the ty papeis ol the day. We make a newspaper, n this community, and during that time we which Mr. Sessions n one of the most prominentwhole country.For seven weeks the wheels of governmenthave been stopped, and the discussion* in Con-and do not conduct the organ of a taction. We ebdearor to tell the truth on all sides, no matter how it cuts or against whom it may opetate ; aud, therefore, we must expect to in-have been assailed in a variety of ways; but none of our accusers has ever been able to point out a single instance of moral turpitude which could be laid to our charge.We are fully aware that this general abuseThe following resolution was offered by Senator Connolly nd adopted :—Whereas, many eminent awal gentlemee of tots Mate bare declared that the eits'iug Board of eupervlaors in the city of hew t w k a r e a s tU»gal body a» at present ooaMuted under the act passed » pril 17. IMS, eiteudiuK Uwtr term of oflioe be laoa the term tor whwh may were engnady etodaa, There- fore be tt-gress have bad little or nothing in them of aBOWBBT TWBATBB Bowerv - V a s Ocrosoos. OB U n legislative character. The election of a Speak- cur the obloquy of all those who have an inte-a Loemuu—HBAAT or MID LOTHU.*.heaoWed, That the Attcrne* General be, aad be ia hereby, er will not change this state of affairs, for the rest in keeping the truth from the public view. of our character is the penalty which must be lequentd to furnish die beasts wtth hnopintoa at to wkednrW1XTBBD i l O U ,Broadway.issue presented to the people is the greatestpaid for telling the truth, regardless of conse-quences.•aid act Is not unoorsucnileaal aad void aad the aatd rtupar- \taors as at present oessutatad. are era an Illegal body; aad what lrgaliiion. it any la required to legalize ihe aou of said boardof Bapsrvnerstathesay of New York.W ahfcACVB THBATRB, POOB TWN Mi*Mr. G. W, Cumming8,of New York, » here advocating the pssssge of an unique bill entitled the "Traveller's In- surance Company," for insuring the life sad limbs of those that travel on railroads and steamboats. The bill in question was introduced in the Senate this morning byM«W BOWBBT THBATBB, Bowery.-Ta» OCTOSOO*- W ire ros *» HOOK. 1BBOAPWAf BOOnOtR 444 Broedwar —Oua jKMiat- rL«n ASO CoeVraaj'una— WO«A» » ffailf.disturb the remains of the dead or the debrisMr. Murpby, tacorporaiiBg a company with a capital nock of $500,000, * jtn power to hicresee the same to one million, the object of which shall be to insure againstTrie Character of the American Congress.way.—Boaiae* o* A Judgment on it cannot be rendered until the 6th The recent disgraceful scenes in the House slander; we have seen our aeeailants disappearW»y.-J«AJTI»Bills In the AiMmbiy,Mr. Vermilye's bill relative to payment of claims against Richmond eoonty empowers the Board of Super- visors, at a meeting to be held withis ton days from the pssasge of the bill, to examine, compromise, award aad pay off all claims of any person whatsoever against the (Ar at* lit en tf Am*ry and tAeperpetuation of the American on the floor of Congress has been alluded to as remnant of the expiring cliques and coteries dents, embracing therein expressly all such casualties as county for any damage to real or personal property bythat has come up in our history as a nation.of November next, when the Presidential elec- tion will exhibit the popular will. Here is the issue, as presented by Helper on the 90th page of hi« "Compendium of the impending Crisis." The words and the italics are his:—one by one from the scene—some sunk into tbeir graves like felons, or live a brief life like(*ir moto—and we would have you to understand it—is,bydaythediscussionhascontinued,wehave tor the republicans on the floor of the Senate. been in constant dread that we should betee—RepublicanCaucus,die.OIK SFBCIAL ALBANY DESPATCH.miod that we are about entering upon a dent,andofthatnumberonly oueisthesignau.-eaf campaign of great importance—one thai is to decide who persons whose narsts api>ear there B*it this mattersThe Hoard of Aldermen did not organise last and bloody theories of Seward, commends theevening for want of a quorum. ly brutality of a few members' who take ad-IB the Coort of Over and tstBaawr yesterday the advantage of a factitious resource. Thethe jury la th* case of Wiittaaa JOBS*, triad far the country must meet the argument, aad decidemurder of a man oa the Five PsasRa, restored a whether Seward, Helper, Sherman and the Al-parative respectability to the discussions on theMr. RceaWBOs (rep) reported for the considerahea of the sjSBBthm, keeping up tho si ice that charactertsed tho the Senate the billto limit toe ferriage ohartm beeween former rthenssioa.concluded before the aeJourameBi.surance Compea* to the cuy of N w York, snd also to. are realty just. I can see no cause ef bandy tog persaaal consequences to the country and to the whole tion of the country, the institutions of which of tea per seat per annum foe the uase sueh er/iuty u.corporate the New York Raiwosd and rfteamboai. Aooi epithets u> defence of them That kind of argument* uau< W0Od , u T£rir£«*r«»y «*»•• *• !L ^Sworld; for it is the- eeterminlng of the issue be on too. Owtof *» tbe • f ^ t V ^ w a t whether tho country shall be involved in awe, with other conservative journalists and treasurtr shall neglect or refuse to pay over the, same dent Insurance Companyor any part Ihoawav to Committee of the Wbol* to* Senate took up, aha As-statesmen, are now defending against fanati-airy throw suspicions aroaad any measure which they are used to defend.Thus far the conservative men and the Southern men have the best of the argument- Everywhere the sense of the country is awaken- ing to the danger which the black republicanceived Into full communion, Mr. Dbrsbelmer was instruct- ed to invite Mr. Clapp Into the church, first arraying him in the baptismal clothes. Accordingly, Messrs. Clapp and Dorfcbeimer were seen walklag arm in arm towards the sinners' stool in the wigwam. Numerousto tsvor of ptijung all just and legal dtimm sad rejecting al 1 • &egal ones. 1 *,_ aoastdered that,, no a t o bad been otSaned here of greater aeertt than Urn. H* raealCered that the anormoos amvuakof *i**m**r»*sd<hy the member from New Y ork, was. mad* to ueouvc* the members of this Bwsse.Mr. Conklmg saw that he wow V net allow bis t^tives to be iiupup ad ay any member of this Boose, and ho would throw the charge back iato the teeth of tts-mem •should be the pacificator, is made by partisanoff some of the lightning which seemed readya bin in regard to the State tax of eaia count* U re- LsaantlatheStateprison.ThecaseafJohnI«*•»**oci*l««, areright,orwhetherthe theeditorofthisjournalwascausedbythe quiresthattheseveralcountytreasurersshall,eaorST ta*ct*« for the mnreer of Charles OB- I position taken by Mr. O'Conor, that it is justadopteddecmrrd tkatTbe eitatta* Beard o? Superv'evjra. ia toeetty ef•boold upon this bin, and be was not well enough posted opon ns merits to sate intMligeetly open a. He d-d apt, Mb* to see the bitter and personal feehbg manifested ueteverdict of manslaughter in the third dafr**. jm m bany Regency men, who assert that negro sla-beneficent to both races, and conducive to the then iUiBawasri.il i and the testimony oa both aides, good of society and the world, is borne out by andtheaWB»^«apofeasBaBBlfarahepravOBer.wBB thefacts. OBthedecisionofthepeople,within this present year, bang the most momentousfact that he discharged a public duty in re-buking the conductor a partisan who wouldgladly bring about the ruin of the republicViewed in connection with the present condi- the Treasurer ei toe State the tax, as above provided, h«bane, on the sight of * e 18th of October last, waataaert and paid., . _occupants of tho bmldinga, together with the pap baa been nosing about our Washington the publicist. Such a matter Is of genera), notf»r the money collected by virtue of the State tax, for Messrs. tU.vuaak. a d SI-IWUA ea*nesUy opposed to* the first day ef October, I860 and 1801, a State tax ofkeetring the earn* until toe usual boy of paying the same motim, to subfcitttite, ho', it .vas carried by a vote of V»«Q. three-elgbtbe of a mill for each year oa each dollar of theto aa aceoaas of the eonflagration published it another cobUBn.them belongs to the republican party. Wa 1 viewed by the country at large,tionMr grcn>t.A then Boyed v- t r - e / i ^ - B t , h^virtg frjr ;vaemail politicians and newspaper editors who Senator Hammond a few days ago.The bill totrodoced by Mr. Tocker is far a read eom-baffled malice—the viper gnawing a file—theventh avenue, with a doable track, to Fourteenth street,along Fotn teentto street, with a double track, to avenue C, scorpion girt with flame stinging itself to death thence along aveaae C, wtth a doable track, to Ninththe double track on aveas* 0The Senate bed under discussion hi the Committee ofthe Whole, ibis morning, Ui«'biilthat passed the Assemblya few days ago, regulating the construction of city rail- Whatdifferencedoesitmakewhathis monCouncil. Butwedefyourcalumniators roads;Bwasamendedbystrikingoatthewordsrequir- clique, to lay their finger upon a single act in our ca- ing the consent of the property holders, and plaoutg iapolitics are, or whether he has any politics at lieu thereof, by the motion of one of the leading repeb The sthiggle that is now going on in Con- all, If be has stated only what is true! If he has reer, or in that of any one more dearly con- Meat. Senators, that the consent of the Legislature oalyKABROrS AMERICAN MXJBMXm, Brwdwfty.-A.ftar sonable attempts to taxe toe South out of the I'mm to Oay, fire, of tbipwreck, of collisions, of breaking of county Is to pay snob awards as the Supervisors maywm- fisHT Bora A m m n i - t o w n KM'UKIXT—MAGIC we will brtpg ber ba. * to morrow; If she g >«s away with the caption of -Blackguardum in Congress":— beneath our beel like the trodden worm in the machinery, bridges, roads, ditches, culverts, cars make, and for that purpose is empowered to borrow running off the track, and all general disastersloTIyou, she will return without you. PtihapB i he most atrociou* speech ever made to a legts agonies ot death. to which they are exposed in travelling npon oar money 'and issue county bonds at interest to the fadThat is the revolutionary issue addressed to lauve biMiy f» 1 trom the lips of a Mr. >'r>or, of Virginia, public conve) ances, which of late has maimed and killed amount required.in the I'uw >\ StaUa House o' Reurc*»-autiVfS oa Friday • But enough. Subjoined is a recent article so many human beings. It covers all accidents on rivers, Mr. Cole's bill to relieve taxpayers in New York allowsthe men of the South. It is endorsed and re- lart The Muck" was upon Mr. J G B<uuett, of tho XKW from a South Carolina paper, written by a dis- !ak' t-, !•»>> or seashore, on steam ferry boats, in all parts any person having unpaid tax or assessment BOWdue tooat. Booes. UAIICAA. AO.—Joaeer UOOLBA.YORK HKIULP Mr l'rvor has s i i c c e d e t in distinguish of the United States and Canada, including also the dan- pay the same to the Comptroller of the city withia sixmg b;tiiM"i!; oiit u it a dixiiuetiou of which be has small tinguished living statesman of that State. This gers or the sea for steamer passengers, and of travelling months from the passage of the act, with seven per centrtasoh to be proud He has, alVr all, only ftucceod*i in-liowmg wbaiatoul mouthed and ill bred person he is article only expresses the opinion entertained shall leeult merely trom personal neglect or exposure. advertising, if any have been incurred.*l»yTM**TM*-^£2££Z SUSP*TMcommended by John Sherman and sixty sevenother black republican members of the lastWe have heretofore lived downof Representatives, so mortifying to every onewho has the interests of the country at heart—and what citizen has not?—have begun to at- imbeciles and criminals. We do not wish totract attention beyond the borders ot therepublic. The most recent case of ruffianism of the living. We expect soon to see the last the risk of loss of life, and total or partial disablement oftravellers in consequence of railnad or steamboat acci-Vrium. H, by any means, you do succeed in your trea- follows by the Toronto (Canada) Leader, under pass away from the stage. Already it writhes fcbail be the immediate result of boiler explosions, of mob or otherwise at quarantine, the Treasurer of theon the railroans m Europe, but not including injuries that Intereel from the date of cooflrmailon. and expanses of Congress, forty of whom sit in the present one. He if lis the world that be is aa editor, and has the inorii- of us by Clay, Calhoun, Webster—bis associates This bill is arranged upon the same basis as that of the Two new city railroad bill* were introduced—one beiraau • m a , D i i c n Bsei.Bwtoo*H e w Y o r k , F r i d a y , J a n n a r y » T I 8 6 0 .T h e S e w * .Nothing particularly important happened inCorjgrefs yesterday, in the Senate a bill was in- Henry Ward Beecher, fchrieked by Horace vt'Uiute <o say, 'eIt none ot the limUdag contempt which be signed to eternal oblivion:—It is circulated and enforced in every possibleway by the black republican political leadersin the North. It is promulgated by Seward,postulated by Theodore Parker, preached by j nrnal wbicb is read by millions of the human raceof that period—and other statesmen of broad aad comprehensive views—men who will live in the page ot American history when the verycompanies of this kind in botu London and Paris, and will take ilsk on a person's hie. for any single trip. For in- stance, if a person in New York wishes to visit Albany— it now being very uoubU'ul. from the numerous accidents on the Hudson River road, whether be will return withtroduced providing for the relief of mail con- Greeley, defended by Senators Wilson and nllt cis to t xprcss tur a man who Is so immeasurably nis iLt» !l< ct hi superior 'but nobody would think ol compar-tractors. Senators Davis and Douglas explained Feewnden, subscribed to by Governor ing the two h »ayB little lor the dignity (4 tho House oftheir views as to the power of the President to Morgan, pleaded for by David Dudley Field. Represtiitativt Rthat suth a dream of raucorous vuu;>era (.am could b- puuieO out upon the beau of any tutu with[From the Greenville (South Carolina) Patriot.} SUCJl CCIQITR TRIBCTUn.I have read in a recent number of the tfsw YORK HB- HA: n au article in which the editor replies to the chargeThey are to take sitgie trip ri?ki or for life. They do not ask foe power to insure agaiust death by natural disease, simply against accident, whilst uiron railroads and other public convey ances, aud do not, therefore, come In compe- tit.on with the present We insurance companies, neither are their applicants subjected to any preliminary medicalAlto, a branch through Canal street, from Division street to Broadway.Also one by Mr. Tucker, for a charter to Howard K. Coats, Noah A Chllde, N. Jar vis, Jr ., H. H. Cargill, C H. Tyler, W. W. Michaels, J Cummings, Chester Lamb aad J M. Miller, for a roan commencing at the west terminus of Forty second street, through the following SsitrTMee't*s-:— Forty second street, Seventh svenue, Fourteenth «,-.,«,.~ --• * — * »» n»innKi« iirn.t Grand avtnue C, Ninth street, avenue D, Columbia street,street to Esst river, returning through Cannon street, Houston street, avenue D and Tenth street, to avenue COur Albany- Correspondence.ubtc vai>i>> io .-i>i'ak of tnoiSttil as a rival of Mr. Bennett. His «hol.-Miie ntv.te c*n only injure b<m-<<-l( This ob scure ptr»<~>n allVcts to speak with contempt of a nan wbo has cn-ateu aud wirins one ot the u>o«t powerful lu tellectual 11•gtD. s of which this continent can boast—aMr Cooper, for a charter to James M. McLean,Slqyter and W. S. Nichols, for a road from avenue A, ea the south side of Twenty third street, throogb the follow- ing streets.—avenue A, Essex street, Division street. New Bowery, Dover street. South rtreet, Fulton street. Pearl street. Park row, City Hall square. Chatham Street, Esstwhole limbs, or even alive—he can.by paying a small sum,when-vrr ihe Knjinsfi laoKuag" is fcpnkcn Mr Pryor, we names of our detractors shall have been con- secure to bis family a snug sum in case of accident. Broadway, Clinton street, avenue B and Eighteenth street.suppress invasions of one State by citizens of practised by John Brown, and sold by William out a siugle nir-mber using in his place to protest against that bis feaxkss, able and consistent defence of Southern examination. They agree to pay full amount insured inih" ti'.tby utu raticv. It a by such acta as tnta that the right* and interests is prompted by the Interested motiveanother. Mr. Douglas explained that his resolu- Henry Anthon, at the revolutionary treason case of loss ot lile, or complete disablement of body, Amencm Congress lowers itself in ibe eyes ot the wb >le of UICMa-irg bis subscribers in the South. He says that within three months of the accident, and one-half thetions in regard to the matter were simply designed shop near Wall street. On that issue Sherman civilized wo'in. aud rralceg the despots of Europe predict there Is scarcely a street m the city of New York in which amount insured m case of loss of leg or arm, or conse- to give the federal cour s jurisdiction over cases of .ho cownfdll of the Amcnoau U-Joiat-on. the number of his subscribers is not greater than in the quent amputation within three months from date ofstands as the black republican candidate for There nmy be a great deal of truth in the re t-Liire South. I have no doubt this is true. That the lis- the accident; also one-quarter IU case of dangerous conspiracy and invasion, bat he never wished to Speaker of the federal House of Representa 8ALI> has been more consistently and asly the defender wounds or injuries, and not attended with per- place any one at the head .of the army to seek out marks of our Canadian cotemporary, which we '•I our rights than any other Northern paper cannot manent lees ot limb; also, from ten to fifteenALBATT, Jan 2d, I960. and pnnifh offenders. An interesting discussion tives, and when the conservative men there de reprint in order to show the point of view from be omied, wnilct the editor, as he truly says, per cent, incase of serious Injuries, not proved dangerous, Pro Rata Freyfht Again—AUirm tf tkt Crmmittee-Oanalthen en-ued upon the relations between the Northmand a denial, he presumes to place his own has received notbitg at the hands of Southern politicians but causing inevitable interruption of work, mental or which the occurrences in the House are looked a»d editors but gioes abuse and vituperation. Why is physical, for at least two weeks from date of accident.Claim*—A Sf icy and Spunky Debate Upm Tfcfia—dtoaa* and Smquekatma BaUmad, 4c.The action of the Select Committee upon pro rata lastand the South, in which Senators Wilson, Fitch and personality before the great interests of the at by disinterested parties at a distance from this? It is unquestionably the ablest paper in the United Among the incorporators' names are those of Simeon Dra- States, and to us, at least, it has been faithful and honest per, Augustus Guerber, G. W. Cummings and John 3. Mc-Davis took leading parts. The House ballotted country, and with Falstaffian vigor declares the scene. Foreign presses will apply general No man In the city of New York, in all bis private reUv Culloch. The bill seems to be nieetu g with considerablethree times for a Speaker without effecting a that, if reasons were as plenty as blackberries, choice. he would give no man a reason upon compulIn the State Senate yesterday the bill making sion. i appropriations for the canal debt and the mainte- On this great issue Messrs. Toombs and Cling-tjbi s, B more exemplary sad free from reproach. Sur- favor The fact of its offering an opportunity for a travel- evening Is reacting against them. A number of members principles to the subject, and will deduce from rounded as be is by numerous and powerful enemies, ler to reotve pay in case of Iws of limb, which often dis- that have beea pot down to fever ef the measure now ee-the conduct of oue or two members conclusions it.. >• have been unable to fix up^n him one dishonorable ables a person for life, and prevents him trom pursuingtions and the stability of a government which resolution requesting the Attorney General's opi- man, in the Senate, and Keitt, in the House. is administered by such hands. They will holdnance of the canals during the year was passed. Anion as to the legality of the New York Board oi Su- have taken their stand in eloquent speeches inthe republic at large responsible for the actionsbehalf of the South. They recognise that theadopted. The bill conferring additional power on time has arrived when the success of the black minent positions only to shew, apparently, howpervisors, as at present constituted, was offered andof a few men who have been elevated to pro-Courts of Special Sessions was debated and order republican party brings the whole country ed to a third reading. The bill to amend the city face to face with revolution—that, in fact, wefar they can disgrace them.1 regard the H n u i o ss doing by its publications im-mense service to the country. I said this to a speechn.ade years ago, and am ready to repeat it. It alone of like others pressing that subjrot, is no# willing that the them, but voted to receive to the committee whateverreflecting upon the permanency of our Institu-we expect or desire friends at the North, both justice and policy demand of us a different course.The following is an extract of a letter from a distinguished Southern Senator to a private gentleman in this city:—WASOISGTO, Jan. 2B, I860. a « c * e • * •leckless mltoad management, I think that there is but measure lhat will not bear investigation is not worthy offlittle doubt but Mr. Cummings will be able, before the tbeir veto. Th* representatives ef the Central Bailssss* close of the session, to return to New York with the actof u ecr; oration in his coat pocket, all sinned and sealed offered to prove all of their sesertions byby the State officers. He seems to have met with but little under oath, allowing the committee to opposition thus far. question and their opponents to> catechise all thatThe Select Committee on pro rata commenced their ses- choose to; bat this the m*gn*nimoo*sion again this afternoon, at which Mr. Cobb spoke at who have made up their mind that pro rata should ga mueh length in about the same strain as yesterday. Heis very strongly la favor of the pa-sage of the law, bet, through, regardless of ail consequences, refused to-attswBut there is another light in which these mat-railroad act of 1845 was debated, and after some are now virtually in a state of civil war. In ters are to be viewed by us at home. The for there are some good papers of smaller circulationi, York. The arguments and facta raid before the committeeamendment progress was reported. In the Assem- nine States, where the republicans control the gives the people both sides; aad this Is all we want. No by the Erie Railroad stagger their opponents, and they nesday afternoon, thereby refusing to accept the pUa bly a motion for a select committee on the country is in a state of violent agitation upon man can be made an abolitionist by reading the BBRALU, now are pleaaag for the BufCalograiti speculators, with- offered tbem to obtain facta upos this all important ques-legislation of the State, the law of Congress for a vital subject In the opinion of many of the far it gives the antidote to the abolition poison. X the out any hops of coniroveruag the facts stated by Marsh tion. By receiving this private communi jation they one State Assessment law was adopted. Several Stack republicans are defeated at the coming election, a and others of the Krle ruad.other subjects were brought up, moat of them, the rendition of fugitives from labor is a dead most conservative ot our statesmen, the repub- Bill, 1 think, bo more owing to the Hrauio than to At the close or Mr. Cobb's speech a random discussion siiier that their chances for keeping the information tramhowever, of a purely local character. Our readersletter, and the federal compact is broken. No Bay other circumstance. I regret deeply the attack took place as to the policy of allowing the railroads to the public and from the members of the Hoes* are greater lic is passing through a crisis more dangerous made oa Mr. Benaett, to which JOB refer (that offer further tesumony. Mr. Sloan, of the Hudson road, than if offered orally before the committee. This s aaare referred to our despatches and reports from one will deny that a compact broken on one than any which it has experienced since the by Mr. Pryor). So far v a it from being approved appeared with his freight agent, and asked to be beard.Important part of tbeir programme, aad ts to perfect keeping with their entire act. n. which has been to sup- press everything within their power that did not suit then* partisan purpose.The action of the committee lset evening was done in accordance with the request of Mr. Cobb, of Buffalo, one of the representatives of the anti-railroad interest, and who yesterday avowed himself as not bemg a canal man. His entire action thus far, to connection with his own statements, has led all disinter- ested persons to look upon him as a person that has a pri-vate axe to grind with the Central Railroad A Urge por- tion of the pro rata petitions that have been offered ha* been brought into the House by this man. who hanas themside is broken on all sides; and though the The republican members of the Legislature and South may not claim its rights as long as theby the Southern men, all wbo spoke or it, in my hearing,expressedtheircondemnation of it. AilIknow Of Mr. Bennett myself is highly creditable to him. 1 have been told that Mr. Ca'boun always respected him, andAlter a lengthy discussion, the committee decided to bear testimonyfortwooajsmore,andadjourneduntiltomor- row morning, and will sit all day. Thus you will see that the committee have been forced, from the facts stated, toAlbanyfordetails.adoptionof thefederalconstitution. In onesection of the Union there is the most violentthe State government held a caucus last evening hostile spirit is not carried into the administra- and bitter feeling against the other, and there many persons have to In me that his amiable family, as tall back from their former position. There is also ato arrange a programme for future operations. A tion of the federal government, yet the moment well as himself, are distinguished for the courtesies and marked change going oa with the members of the House. number of speeches was made—in favor of a pro- are not wanting men who, for their own base bospitaliUes of life In the little intercourse I have had One member that came here determined to have it is admitted there, every instinct of manhood purposes, will endeavor to extend and aggra- With Mr Bennett, I have always found him honorable a pro rata law, now declares a measure of and gentlemanly, and I have always commended his that kind suicidal, aad if his constituency could only vate this discord rather than to seek to allay course in defence of the cousutuuonal rights of the South bear the testimony offered, they would not ask for legis-gramme for the Presidential campaign, especially and of self-preservation will impel it to secede,thefinancialaid required; in favor of programmeof State legislation; and in favor and against OldBrown 'a foray. Finally, a committee was appoint- cannot wait till it reaches the door sill, and de- In this condition of affairs Congress, whichstant, came into port yesterday evening. She of things shown now, and its natural and inevi- brought a few English papers wanting in our files table results held up now before the wholeon the slavery ques<K>t>NEWS FROM THE STATE CAPITAL,lation ol that kind. On Saturday last noses were counted m the lower House, by a person, for and against, and they made 74 for a pro rat* law to 54 against There has been considerable ehasgp since then, but I doubt if there has been enough to defeat itset, or to place the slightest stain on his character If his daliy business, makes it apopu'ar one in this day of olar* that they will go against it, considering that aall the Northern papers of large circulation (I mean daily, committee stall except milk on the roads leading to New written communication they might have ready by Wed-The republican caucus met in the Senate chamber this to the members from the cistnet which the peution* par Kxeltenaent Over the Appointment of evening, and were called to order by Senator Fiero Hon port tocome from. Whether toe petitions ever saw the rel>i Witt C. Littlejohn was elected Chairman. In returning spective localities is a question tnat is, in many instances, H a r b w r M a s t e r s — W e e d a n d C l a p p a t thanks for the honor conferred, he said that they had met doubted. In one instance a petition carae from oue ofprevious debates afford no parallel to the bit-terness and the personality "of those whichhavetakenplaceduringthisBession. Asday surance Company—Pro Rata Commit- and probably would meet a number of times byanumberolpersons, amongwhich are thenames ofThey admit that the issue is a revolutionaryWKertfnom saUtny bound. one; that the black republicans have deter ble affray between members, the result of There has been a great deal of grumbling about the out we must look after the interests of the State. Re. it power to obtain the passage ot a pro ratafreight law. w*h-ont pausing to consider whether the bill will acoompjah or defeat the object intended.The claims for canal carnages have made their aopaar- aiice in the legislature and are promising to be i.uitu numerous this winter A half a milJte of miliars is a lair estimate of the amount of the several claims tbtt %rJU belevy to day, when it will be immediately forwarded Massachusetts glories in the lessons he has sions members have beea on the very verge of thumb of Weed, and not daring to take a cup of tea or a porters were therefore exclu led, but having one of the listed of tilts Legte-iaiuri- tor all kiads of damages, s*.neSouthamoton.mined to revolutionize the Soath, destroy the existing order of things, and proclaim theirLiverpool;ments reported to have been made by Governor Morgan with fraternal blood. Threats and insults have yesterday, but in reality made by Weed. The cursesUtopian ideas in relation to the four mil- been bamlied from one side to the other, pis- ottered against Weed are long and deep; vengeance is all but the republican members of the Legislature andMajor Wood will affix his signature to the tax lions of negro slaves. The Senator trom trusty officers to retire. This was necessary to prevent tols have been drawn, and on several occa- also sworn upon Morgan for placing himself under the what they did from being known in the streets. All rethe Slate of New York That Governor Morgan may be Senator Sessions was elected Secretary, and a commit wbUe the House was m Committee of the Whole up a the incendiary teachings of Helper, sympathizes vantage of the crisis in which the country has placed in the right light, and no injustice done him, I will tee of eight was appointed on resolutions, Mr Sessions as claim ot Luther Wright, of Uawege He lookel uc.« theThe Board of Councilmea held a short session with the mourners for John Brown, and clings chairman. The committee consisted of three members of courts of the Stole as the proper paaae to pr-osec.ut oUimsbeen placed to exercise their worst passions here state that Weed has, upon three or four occasions, the Senate and five of tho House. / of this kind, sod not the LrgalauiM. He took gremd notlast evening. A large number of petitions of per-sona desirous of being appointed Commissioners ofDeeds were referred to the Committee on Salaries the Perpetuation of the Union/' He de- Every one remembers the attack made in 1854 New York for the last twenty years that exhibited so great Importance that they wished for furthe* time A had been enacted equal to that ia this House lat. winter,to the motto of " The Abolition of Slavery and and exploit their lowest and basest instiacts. stated that there has been no Governor of the State of A short recess was taken, after which the commit- only against this claim, but all others of that sund, charg- tee returned sad reported that the question waa one of so ing that, siaee the louadaiiou of mis capital, z* sneeenounces the feeling of alarm that is pervadingmuch firmness as Governor Morgan; the meaning of general discussion then took place ui>on what the caucus which rushed through a numtor ot bUls when laere was upon a Senator by a member of the House. which may be put down In broad English, that Thorlow should do, whether they should con tine themselves to hardly a eeastitutional msjorita ia the House.aad offices. An abstract of estimates for regulat-ing the Eighth avenue, from Eighty-second to 102d the entire South, and styles the gushing ex-street, was concurred in. The report of the Com- pressions of feeling of its representative men through the country at that period will not nage him than he has experienced with any other Gov-mittee on Finance of the Aldermen, on the com- " a disunion farce." He insists that slavery is soon be forgotten. The perpetrator of the ernor. If this is a compliment to Morgan, I give him the their action to national matters.munication from the Comptroller respecting afresh issue of Croton water stock, was referred to the same committee. A resolution la favor ofaltering the rooms now occupied by the the government Such is the plain menace of Fourth District Court far the use of the Seven-revolution which the black republicans holdMr. Jacques spoke two or three times, aad made some excellent remarks npon their duties. Hethoughtthey were not called npon to adopt resolutions for or againstit in the committee, and he couM not discoi^r anything but what was just."amoral,socialandpoliticalevil,"whichthe government should abate, and the republicanassaultcamevery neartocreatingarevolu-fullbenefitofitIt seems that Mr. Clapp, of Buffalo, has Anally succeed-Speakerlittlejohnobtain.*thefloor,ander'A-VAmtothe defence of the claim with great zeal, charging the memteenth precinct station house was concurred in.The sum of $2,500 was appropriated to celebratethe aext anniversary of Washington's birthday, to er of the House and a President of the Union.be expended by a special committee appointed for It is before the two houses of Congress and nate as to have been born ruffians and black- that purpose. On motion of Mr. Allen, the protestof Abrabnm Lent to the occupancy of the seat of momentous decision.Mr. Baker was called up, Bad lost by a tie vote, tenvoting in the affirmative and tea in the negative.The AldermanJc Special Committee appointed to investigatethe claimsofGeorgeP.btekfordtothe representation of the Second Aldermaaic district.And Peter Mitchell's claims to that of the Eighth dis- party is hurrying it to, and we trust that the nity of the Honse by a prompt and speedy con- of faith read aad assented to by him, when be wasa million or two of dollars to accomplish it, and thought it where personal invectives, patois aad codes are the OTOV.forth, and on which they would elect a Speak-effect of the act we refer to ought to prove a him and called npon Weed, stating bow penitent Mr. ing from. giving tacts in connect! <a wah this ciaiaj, stating that A Clapp was for all he bad said and done against the Re- Mr. Maxsoo made a regular rabid speech of the John wee kneed upon the nrnagea sustained 'jf the diverriaa healthy lesson to members who are so unfortu- gency, and how faithfully be promised to obey all orders Brown sty te. He waa for taking the bull by the bonis of the- surplus water oMho Onwego cam.ltrom the cuaten. and avowing themselves opposed to slavery ia all its factory ot said Wright during the alteration, of said ctnal, forms. compelling Mr. Wrigfchte suspend oponaucae in toe i»-3to. Mr. Law was ia favor of confining their action to na- ry tor lour months ia 1*54 and 18*6, dnriag all the a n a conversation upon the benefits Abat would arise if re- tional matters, and made a motion to that effect. Pending peymg his hands, their regular wage*. He «asbefore the people, who have to render their guards.issued from that quarter, if only allowed to even gather the crumbs that may fall from the table. After a lengthyThe thrill of horror and indignation that ranfinds more trouble and has to work harder to rotnational matters, or mark out the course for this Legis- Mr. Elleworth, of Saratoga^ spoke in defense of thetion, and for a time destroyed the influence of ed in making peace with Weed. After standing for a long the ads of John Brown. He was for letting that go by } ber from New York (Mr. <.*uk!iog) with timaog .rnrard- party will abate whenever it obtains control of his own party, which is at this moment occupy- time shivering before the outside door of the Regency in silence. * ' ly attacks upon the Board of Apprnaters, and made otae~>ing a conservative national position in opposi-wigwam, shedding many penitent tears, without movingMr. Sessions made a few remarks upon finance. They bitter charges against Mr. 0., which a!mcsl< induced HA. bad got a republican President to elect aad would need to believe that I bad baea transported M Washington,That the great majority of the members ofthe present CoDgress are gentlemen worthy theposition to which they have been elevated, wewilliDgly admit; but we also assert that it isthe duty of such members to maintain the dig- questions were propound*' to Mr. C , the Regency's srticlehis motion the caucus adjourned for one week.Several other persons spoke, but upon the same strain of the foregoing. But little was done. It was to fact only.%preliminary akirptm!,I B W Y O R K . l<BCkl&L A TURE.ALBAXV, Jan. 26, 1£6C.trict, held their first meettag la rtfareaoa to thesubject yesterday afternoon. A numerous Bad roughkH>kiaterww«of^»trleadBMoftB# aaplrnatofor"municipal ROBOT*" war* present, as also the aspi- be DO outbreaks of passion like that against fail from Lord Ihurlow's lips, "Thy sins are forgiven; go, liquor law, and for the aprjQinlaeent of canal appraiserajk again review«d the action of-the last Boose upos the tors>orantothemselves.Attj*requeatofthecounseloa spokenindebate,fromwhateverpartyorfac-sinnomore.'' eachcountytotheStatetbewaahwhichthecanalromv numbesoiclaimsbeforethem,andstatedthattherewas both sides, however, th. mvasxigatton waa adjourn- Sumner, to involve the true issue in a tion it may have come, has had a good effect in The entue morning session of the Boats was taken up Mr. SrmoiA (dea».) totrednosd a bill to establish She not a opoxum present, anthe accord of the presaadmgs efenthusiastic defenders of the South will ad- here to the earnest and careful coursesworn to recognize the Regency ss authority superior to demnation of every violent act We believe all others in political matters: whereupon Rev. Tburlow that our course, rebuking in the strongest terms leu him to the pool and baptised him anew, after whichPetitions were preseatod for the amendment of the ber from Oswego H>; bad called, apoo the aupruaera tothey have thus far pursued. Let there all personal and unparliamentary language Mr. Clapp bad the extreme pleasure of Bearing the words constitution relative to the jtuWdary; for s prohibitoa* like sad similar to this,to Cmsxaeuat of $481,4**. 43. Hralso remembered that our opponents claim with great con Silence this State In the next contest, which demands of us greater caution.At this stage of the proceedings the Chairman requestedthe flinty heart of Weed, the gentleman that presides overtion to the tide of treason and fanaticism. The the strong box of the State, Mr. Dorshskner, took ptty upon their duty to be looking around to see where it was com- ef the say. Be then west iaco the mark*, of the claim,object the protee^Qftbom who have already reottvef franchise* from m» CeeeeB, Sad are saw engage*n> eaav a l structisg roads m New Yarn, laaelature. claim, considering it a just -jpi, and a claim 'hat should Mr. Mlllikea spoke at some length In favor of confining be acted upon by this House id once, lie h»d examinedi ion on the part of the Speaker of Assembly took place, iafloor. In so doing we have endeavored to dm w regard to a portion of the accusation made In debate a few Now York and Brooklynto ens ©eat, ik. Arculenua tokened, and said that the Boose didto strike upon the Capitol, and divert them toandbettereffectinopeniugtheeyesofthepeo.pie to the danger in which the oountry standsiv* months. As the managers of toe Albany clause sad substitute the Senate biil mtrcdnced by Mr. tee*, snd others iatroduesd aad retorred. Among the banksaiesere,wheretaeycanwatchthe movementsof Gardnertwoweeksago,wbtehdeprives,theCommon formerwasoneto.facilitatetheconstructionoftheAlba- this bid, they will ne doubt curry to > day in this cootro Oiuncil of New York, of all power to grant railroad fran- ay asd Susquehtuna Railroad, reported from the select wrsy. to the detitauat of tne local >jonks. Wby the chises under the gw»-ral railroad act of 1W0, sad tranv CQBMBMto* upon that subject R provides that there shalldays since against Mr. Ceaekbog, but did aov retract all. Mr Conck ling accepted the apology aa far as it went, bet as he did not retract his accusations, Mr. C defended,On motion oCMr. CoxaoALY, (dem.) the f<Mtommf was not seem to be in. the right temper to vote aa theyremanded for sentence. The puniahasBt kt very as it exists in the South is a moral, politiDut leas than four nor more than seven years coo- • .•--- - . . -hAthor the other channels. The recent attack made upon The Committee of Ways sad Means yesterday reported hew York man Uveal kedy, as sow eueetttoiedi ^~--£ SB had beondonoin the dacossion of this bill—accusauca*himself against them.tie first day of'"Marochb, in each year, pay to totwe TIrwo o-fdthis Stat* the amount of the Suae tat, »f any, i ano paid over to them respecti-ely, mtamkw theA utu U tato, etJjndlig their term of oAe* hsyoad thetermtorwhatotosywaveongtoaUy«J**ta4itoerefore.Resolved, lhat Use Attorney Jewral be, and.n hereby, req•ru^eauuddtofturrmtsi'b the Senate w th his oylntoo a«iow»*th*r v4 M t e t 'a not' —ntKuoooAi and votd, and adatosr toe said Soperrnors. ss mass snwsBntsd. smeot an atonal body. and what itsegwuiaBoa a required. 1/ aajr. m loaafrte thsaetaaf said Board of flagerwesm to tos city or New fork.• s o s on one mas and,thrown backtaoa the other. U- thoughtBbeneathth*digatt*ofth*Boose.The Chairman hew catted him to seder, whereupon My J Arrularos mpved that the cotcauttee rise, report prv- Eeta and ask lease to tit again, nhiab was carried by arge majority...i...i. ,.u^i,u.iiih,viii>.> h.. e.iititied. 'int if anv o mpeuaatt>ou to which they may be untitled, and if saymch county treasurer shall neglect to refase to pay inThus ended a short, spicy, eaucy and spunky contro- BaU* were tatrednesa to mcorpersto the Traveller's In- versy over the claims of Loiher Wright If tie. claimsshell pay interest on the amount of snob to* at the r>dewGeneral Tax BqualizatioB.act; tor the amendment of the ascertain the amount of claimaLke this, aad waeottormed by that Beard that there wereclaims oo file m totorofitos,1 bis n nothing more nor leas thaa aa "rrej- resaible sembly bill to prohibit th* buildmg of any railroad ineoBBtot"' Between the coeaty beaks and to.e banks cities without the consent af two-thirds of the. psoanrty thei* waa ao "irreprssmble conflict'- demonstraadn toof •» buildtog. *£~Z?J2JZ bloody revolution or enforce a respect for the cism or treason, from whatever quarter it may »f Albany as to wbkh shan have v.e bene holders. mar the harmony and good feeUng of that body A largerapidity, aad before they eeala be "*»* " • stables,fourhorses,aphtniaf•» and•«•• dwelling houses wars •ither destroyed or serfoaslyrights of ail and the peace of all.TBI HERALD'S COBRBSWWDBWTB AXD TBTCIRcome, such outrages may have afar greater fit «f the uss of that mosey for, four or Mr SBSKOKS moved to strike out all after taa enacting Betober ef bills were reported from the standing commit-damaged. A lhrt of the Beasts of the owners and AssArLAXta-A Boston paper which lives npon than the most eloquent efforts of the orator of ai ks at the county seats should pay to'i per cent tnteres; ferriag that power to the Legislature. be imposed tor each of thefiscalyears commence* onamount of Iowa aad iasejraaes of each, is appended correspondeatB, and discovered that one of pmate interest, and it is in that light it will be to the cOate Trsasarer, a more then l can see The A' ty two ayes—Mcleod Murpyy (dew ) favoring itg adop- valuation of the real and personal properly to this State.Untitled Documentbony banks are intereated, *od that settles the whoi- quest on fl toe count; U'^aworere shall bavr> to* preto be assessed, levied snd collected upon and By the usual assessmeots and coilecttecs a* taxes for each, of said.The Senate were mere barmeaious to their procsadtogs; Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 