 igame of the Regency, if they could not get their own man, Seymour, nominated by some trick, was to break up the party and give the electionliIt.atratesi|iveruinanothercolumn. C'iff*ewasflrsi,but Theysucceeded,bytheirplausiblestorlii,in•month. On the 28th nit, the blockade was raised and the town evacuated by the troops*. The cause is said to have been the imprisonment Of the BritishConsulbytheauthoritiesforsmuggling.fusion ticket, and its probable results, are thus set down by the Tr»&t<t*e;—Mr. Olmstead, the architect-in-chief, was on the stand three hours yesterday, and was thofoughlyNEW YORKXHERALD. from that np t< >5. Swine were scarce and deDisappointed Architects, Contractors time, is not without an object There is some- anil Jobbers. thii g in the wind, and a short period will pro-I A n fC 8 UOWLD D Y 11 K 51 S I T T ,ckU-dly better. Price* advani. d to 6Jc. a 6|c. incNi<!iU* all kird.-v There were on sale 3^*32 fceefcattle, l.»o cow?, 1.^4" veals, 10.K39 sheep an l investigate the management of the Central Park of Napoleon that will astonish both the Old Intel/* and 2,4:t8 wvine. have now been in session eight days, and haveED.TURo r n c i w. w. pounvtoriTHufuE.KASSAC AJTO FTLTOS 8TB.The committee appointed by the Legislature to bably bring forth developements of the policy glory, from Morocco, is about to be « n * to Mexico to set affairs right in that republic?, *n<*rCJt tAMH.1 BMHAJJf m ft f*r mmm**>*»-" r «in. mwibdrrwi»«fumrUtrnttto*mtduifmmi,telltbrNKW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, JUNE 28, 1860. 1 tic groVr -part having «*4d at f? 50 a ft, and The Central Parrk In-ieatigatlon and th' Kniperor of the French to Germany, at thisOnr Spanish Relations—The C-nb» <luc«- tion Turaed Aggre— *•We learn from Washington that /he Spanish army, having returned, covered with nmd andof grace and keep cookwife is coming to town to see the Great Eastern. She will be a " big thing" in more ways than one. People from Portland are particularly invited to be here.NEWS FROM WASHINGTON.•f Ike Bevkan Treatj Re- jection of the Spank*neats Cacflrmed TheFavor of •mkavtnfc and Law,Onr Special Wa*hingt«« Deapatta. Waamramtf, JutieSB, ISSOIXTEKVttW Or TOT AJTWWaL IWSOCtLATX T1H ra*MBK»T.The National Democratic Committee, faworiag thrapni- nation of Brecki&rldge and Lue, after flnnblog the busi- ness of organization paid a v.-a to thg yt*f*Laml lo day.PSr +-P.**lT HKMALl' —#m'MH*WtmWA|£»ii.attiltnm«mwugrr werem»-»wir»l»lyitofnlrot! atprevHwtao-xitilMHis. Fiotir «,» J8y-' tMMi, «V *«r-<Jf««U'. Bily«"» Wary **'tm»"cMMK, , wit? firmer, ami rommon g:s«J«» were fs- per bsrro^|bl•.»r #* t • • » » • • rt «• *.0».'*MI( SUA to iadwt-j**--ur. s*« ler, wl-le extra braids were onsfa-uiiP't. Wheat wasarm and m,g''«ai export and milling denwttd, with a fw amewot of i^tles. Corn was test buoyimt ami aclhe. whlJe the demAiid wSn fair. I'ortc waa >*«from Soutbai aton, the mammoth steamship Great Eastern left that port on the 16th inst for New York. Her arrival at this port has been hour- ly expected since the evening of Tuesday, the 26th, upon the presumption that she would make the vogaaga-in ten days. According to her rale of sailing on the last trial trip—of which we give a highly interesting account by our special re- porter to-day—she attained an average speed of about thirteen miles an hour, or three hun-dred and twelve miles a day. The distance from Southampton to New York being about 3.100 miles, she might have compassed that space within ten days at her full rate of speed. But the probability is that she is proceeding slowly and cautiously; possibly taking a southerly course to avoid the ice; or it may be that she is subjected to some delay from the newness of her ponderous machinery, or her foul bottom, with several feet of grass and weeds attached.Her arrival, however, cannot be far distant; and perhaps before these pages have reached all our readers she may be floating in the waters of New York bay.The advent of the Great Eastern, after a safe journey across the Atlantic, may be looked upon as the crow ning triumph of ocean steamnavigation. No craft of such enormous dunen-sitfn.s and wonderful power has ever* passedfrom one port to another in the history of mari-time adventure; and yet we may look uponher—majestic and astounding as her propor-tions are—but as the pioneer of a class ofsteamships which are one day destined to dotIt is quite time that our pending questions and anomalous relations with Spain were taken np and settled; and as Congress has so pertina- ciously refused to do its duty in this respect, wo aregladthattheSpanishgovernmenthasdeter-mined to take them up, and force our govern- ment to face the music. There are mutual claims which should no longer remain unad- justed. Weshouldpay SpainfortheAmistad negroes stolen by our abolitionists twenty-fiveyears ago; and if we have made a mistake in capturing a Spanish filibuster expedition latelykCb^*/jr»»*« £J«?«"«JM* «*« V.- nr-i 30<A <*,' ««r-A aumlAal111 C"-»U- ,nonlAat<et fmtrcmm prr*h~-»',0 J*H4/»» •^•<Ww Kn««<«» Owwweroitawata *aa active a..:' n*js,. .*N«s iw.s,- sold at S i s SS » *UJ9. »^>;Y*mtwK~k*i>r IKKMBto asaa AWUmai a*o fats>£ MI M I f in. prime at »13W*£, and old at SU SO. Lard was ftrmer,Tli<> stwnce of private swtvires bjr the la»rofw tenSed to examined twenty-eight witnesses, without sus- thick or*r»tto*is in cot'on yest«rda>. The sales w>r^ taining any of the numerous charges that haveThe Great Kastern.After many delays in her date of sailing progressive policy.e«*»nw<l to (.bout 3W»a300bale*. Inlot*, «%Hapriresbeen brought against the Commissioners. When an application was made, at the last Ijegt.4a- hire. for authority to raise additional fundi for the completion cf the Park, a squad of mal- content* posted off to Albany, and were exceedingly busy in the lobby charging the*ffdfnra|iwlc«ers with dotnff*v^tythfn^*i*teteitHO tHi'li £ «**• */awmymMMc»»T«nj»tmiaa»e* Vt do n-A with Kikw at He. a U'fc. Cigars were stir, With sales they should do. as well as wilfully squan-VMtwFW 1Jft*J'*t\i f*».'MRWiaWjflHMls*'Hat*Al> TMJtTliJ^MIUi ES rmtmai mtnt **.' *fc*rtt'»if»t* I"arrWwUw ffiaui HSH*U>.*A«m.iHS*AAA.•**"fa«•*VOB i'JtiA Ti>#, uiMii wtf* MMMM, cie«f>v« aiwi *»• qaiet. TUe ebtef sale ©omprtaed 1,300 twgi St. Domingo delaying the passage of the bill, and wonhf pro-at 12;l4c. Among the tales of rice made yesterday weru atiout 30 casks'rMhi>e to clioico, <m Japanese account, »t 5c per lb. Freights were urm, with a fair amount of togagemenU.The Forlorn Hope of the Kew York B«- iMiao of Puwcr-Movrawat* Among the D e m w r a i >.IAX king over the Presidential field the olher day, and at th* relative tnngth and positions of the contending foires. we were irresistibly dt awn to these conclusions- first, that the elec- toral vote of New York would decide the Pre-KKW Bt>WK8T TH«*TBX •eiNvy.—iUaitT Btaur. - sidential election: and secondly, that as there tctta l-«i t»»—Roatrt MacAim».exist* a heavy popular majority in this StateBAXMni'S AMRBICAK MTJSKCH, Biwl«rar.-OHy opposed to the republicans, it is qnite probable M4 Kvnnuat—HaaasT rut JUao?. -Bourra Oua Umithat a combination electoral ticket, on the partBRTAKT8' MlliKTRBl.8. K«diaaata' Hall «T» Broa.i*»y — of the supporters of Bell, Douglas and Breckin-bably have defeated it, and thus retarded the progress of that noble w>rk. had it not been for the almost unanimous opinions of the press of the city in favor of its passage, fear- ing that they would not obtain the additional funds required, the Commissioners proposed to compromise the matter by inviting an investi- gation during the recess of the Legislature. This proposition wan accepted, the appropria- tion passed, and the committee appointed who are now discharging their duty at the fcstor He use.At the second meeting of the committee, Mr. James Hogg, formerly a Commissioner, pre- sented eighteen specific charges against the Central Park managers, every one of which, ifVoli I* XXV.AMUSEMENTS THIS KVKXlVCr.WTBGO'S OAKI-XM. Broadway—***»* OriMtrn Vaultng»—nirmnTiat««MT.Ho. ITUT3i La*«—Colonel WrfgU. 011 behalf of ihocodj|au<x, aTVer mlro- in the Mexican waters, we should at once ac- duciag the members, said that Jpr had called Moreknowledge it and make the amende honorable parting to tender their erpresskm of personalBOWaST TTTtATM. Bowarr.-Wuscx Aisaoax -R»0t.u I».»*o»i—UCUULLA'H Uaraxi*.WAiliAriC'S THUvTIlIt, Broadway -U:.LA Room.with due reparation to the injured Dons.Wc have some little claims on our part to have settled, and the time is propitious for their examination. Our citizens have not yet beenthe Chief Magistrate, aad of regard for lm> tpublic aerv>«•«•-, ac. The President made a brief aad happy reply, Uaa&kiag them for the honor of the visit, and declaring his entire approval of the principle wtticti had been proclaimed an1 the nominations which hadtA VBAOuito«-< 'ua JarAHiwa Kwiaati.CKKirE 8 THKATBX Ho. CM Broa4way.-<ioaCBwealdon returning to their respective homes. The wholeof about ljffSabhd.., K&boiea, aad 60 bbds. molatto, dering the money placed in their binds.Bciu*«4i'i». Koit«a, DA.HCSS. *C•—Rcsm at rAii.vs«.K..u..i.r ridge, would take away the vote of New York sustained, would have furnished sufficieiH rea-West imprisoned and plundered at Sagua, Mr.Thompson insulted and compelled to hide theAmerican arms at the same place; the Geor-giana and Susan Loud, American ships, cap-tured at Contoy, in the waters of Mexico, andparted strongly impressed with the President's hearty concurrence la their action.iax TREATY wna SPATS REJKCRD.It was stated 1 yesterda) 'a despatch thai a motion was made in the executive session of the Senate to strike from the treaty between the United States and 8paia, tar the4son for the removal of the Commissioners. A resolution was also adopted at that meecting directing the Secretary to notify Mr. Dillon that they were ready to hour the proof of certain charges that ho made in Albany. Mr. Dillon immediately .declined, pleading a want of time to attend to it. Ha has thus left the labor of proving his assertions iii the hands of Mr. Hogg, and three or four disappointed and bustnes seeking arcMt.cto. who were anxious to inform the public that they considered themselves ''experts.*' The testimony, thus far, plainly proves that these gentlemen have undertaken a tusk that they are unable to accomplish. They are daily not only removing suspicion fruni the Commis- sioners, but proving that their own action was prompted by a mortified and vindictive spirit.The course taken by those who hav« been assailing the Commissioners, is pretty nearly the same that was adopted by Chevalier Forney and his political associates against PresidentBuchanan, in first applying for office, and. on being refused for incompetency, in immediately asserting that such and such situations had been offered them as bribes. Thus the statement ofJoseph I.. Johnston, of the First rephaeut of pieces. In other words, Mayor Wood hastaken Mr. Hogg, that he was offered a situation w ith cavalry, t" the po«t of Qiiflrttimii ter (uueral of hold of this idea of a joint stork Douglas and the salary of $2,500 per annum if he would notBT(«/>'S SAbOOW, BrmMlw«y.-0»o. Caataitt »i»- from Lincoln, and thus defeat him. wa»» i« Boaws, Daraa. Bvauaaqaaa, •3.-JA^*S^»nr«t«aATrT _BATV'SA.!. C?OS( WBT BALOOB. Batlooftl Tkeatre,— •o«(.a. l'ivis, BvKu^ftcsa, Ac.It now appears that .some of the active leaders of the dt mot racy have seized upon this idea, and have been for a day or two actively at workcondemned flagitiously; our mail steamships settlement of claims, the clause to pay for the Amistadfired into and seized; and a long list of indivi- negroes, and that, while it waa not believed the motioncould prevail, its ret^ution would jeopard, if not en-dual citizens arrested, fined, maltreated, plun- tirely defeat, its ratification. This prediction ^ ^ . ndered, and driven from their innocent and aLiCti to-day. The motion to strike it out, it is under-fRRfJlTl THKATBK, fcio BnwJway -Hoourr 4 Caw- to reduce H to a practical experiment between * MU^ftaau i» KTHtoruui K>TaaiAISMSHTS, ACthe two tactions of their own party. Thus, itTRJU'^B OF KAQIC. 441 Broadway -foinwes FaHT*s- srppeurs thnt Mayor Wood, who was on Tues- nti-.aa ai I'aor JacoM am Oo«u» Sraiomtir.peaceful occupations in Cuba, through the igno-rance and malice of ignorant officials. And the question of ratification twenty four Voted it: thePAL*fF GARDF.R, FoiirtwnU* •buct-'BaixoO!* Aaem- lio.-i—it;IN. \M Baixat TB«i*ra.dtty in Washington, comparing notes with thePreHdfMit. and with Vice President Breckinridgethe ocean, and bind the furthermost parts of the more than all, the neglect by Spain of all the affirmative and eighteen in the negative—not the requi-COBNKR OF THTBTBRRTn STRKBT ABD BROAP and Mr. lk>uglas. respectively, in behalf of a sys-earth together. The Hudson river possesses a historic interest in connection with steam navi- gation. Its shores witnessed the early efforts of Robert Fulton's ambition, and its waters re- ceived the first steamship that ever crossed therAtlantic from the Old W orld; but with the ar-rival of the Great Eastern the brightest chapter in the history of our lovely river is filled up.From all quarters of the republic and the neighboring British provinces thousands will hasten to behold this wonder of marine archi- tecture—this mighty tribute of the victory of mind over that inert matter-which Providence has subjected to human energy and human genius.relations of good neighborhood, in keep-ing open the African slave mart insite two-thirds. • THE rCZICAX TaEaTTJfPC*nTO\ED.The farther consideration of the Mexican treaty wagWA\ -t'4a;ro«jrLa Misaaawe.lew Votk, ThnrwUr, J«M »», 1H«4*.tem of joint stock electoral tickets, was yesterday in this city (having travelled all night to be in time), engaged in an earnest consultation with I'ean Richmond, that profound and longCuba, in violation of her plighted faith, postponed to day until the first Monday of December next,her public treaties, the spirit of the age. and when, if there is no permanent government established m the highest interests of the American communi- Mexico by Juarez, the treaty will stand no belter chanceties she governs. Her subjects, after making of ratification that it does now.IM>1A> TREATIhf- tATTFTSD.The %>wr«.Sfinte transacted no bniineaa of fanp^r- headed old quack doctor of the Albany Re-tante m open bt^-*«n y*-terila.v. In executive gency.their nefarious arrangements with the localauthorities in Cuba, come here, and availing one with a trfbe In Minnesota.stKtiou ill*- Mi xicau treaty v.-a* postponed till theflr>t Mori Uj iu Deet-mlicr. Tiie treaty withSpnin,for the N.tUement of claims between the two coun-trien, w - re«« cted. the republicans opponiujj the cy v\e are not officially informed. The case, wo clau.-c 1n \nl!iig for payment for the Amlstarl ne-themselves of the freedom of our ports, and our jealous regard for the immunity of our flag upon the sea, combine with the evil disposed,UEUT. 001. JOSEPH K. JOHXfcTOX KOWSiATED FO* QCkS.TT.R- MASTKR GF..VETUL OF TUB ARXT.Lieut. Col. Joseph E. Johnston, of the Fust reginvut ofCavalry, was nominated to the Senate to-day a? Quarter-understand, however, pronounced somewhat desperate, is not considered utterly hopeless, and that further efforts are to be made to get the wreck off the bar before extreme low tide, when, if not removed, the heavy surf of black field Armory. The uoiaiuittiou of Lieu tenant ('elonel rt publicunbou will certainly tear her ajl toand prostitute our flag and raws to their elave master General, vice Thomas 8. Jesup, deceased. TheSe-groe*. K. \eral treaties with Indian trUie* Wire ratified. The appuiutment of Mr. W. P. Rasbell,trade operations.nate refused to COnflrtn the nomln.itton, and laid it over for future consideration. The opinion of many senators is that the position belongs to Col. Charles Thomae, the se-AaNa\> \u* 1 1 »t New York, in place of (teorjte K. S»pd'-r . »j« confirmed, a^ was a!*o that of Colonel \"Trijrht, as Miperiutendent of the Spring-It is quite time that our Spanish accountsTHE GAMI: OF TIIK ALBANY REGF.N'CT.—In the were looked into, and Spain does right in bring- nior officer in the Qa&rterma=ter (ieneral's Department,the Amir, was sent to tite .Senate, when it was laid a*k!u for further consideration. The Senate «ill pryha'uy adjourn as soon aa it acts upon this appointment.The ateamt-Utp Northern light arrived at this port yesterday from Aspinwall, with the Pacific mail* and II^41,5*0 In treasure. The news from California has been mainly anticipated by the over-Breckinridge ticket, like a man of whom a make charges before the Legislature,-is dis-venth district.New York, was confirmed to-day as NaTj through her acts; for if there were no African Agent of New York city, in place of George N. Snaaers,Of the results of there patriotic endeavors of our indefatigable Mayor to stop the leaks in the old broken backed hulk of the forlorn democra-phrenologist would say, his faith will remove mountains, and his motto is '"Never say die." Let him proceed: and when ho shall have con-proved by the fact shown by hi& u w i hand- writing, that he offered to remain at hows if the Commissioners would pledge themselvcS to ap- point him, which they refused to do. Mr. Danielsslave mart in Cuba there would be no African slave traders on the ocean. Mr. Buchanan hasremoved.THE graXIXTSXORNT OF THE SPSUSCrreXP ARXOtT.Colonel Isaac Hull Wright, ex Naval agent of Boston, and comm-'ind.r of the Massachusetts volunteer regiment 1Mexico, has been confirmed to-day by the Senate asSuperintendent cf the United States Armory at Spring- field , Mass., vice General James 8. Whitney, appointed Collector ef Boetou.THK fcJJUJlMAA Mfc^OE A»T> THF. VACANT SCTREXX COC1AutBsarP. : t No nominations were submitted by the President fjrthe fell Sardinian mission, or to supply the vacancy mthe Supreme Court occasioned by the death of Mr. Dan*1.THE ADJOVRNMEATOKTHE Hl.NATt.As the President has no farther communication to maketo the Senate, it would have adjourned to day but for the'summated a junction between the Breckinridgeand Douglas factions, it will be comparatively denounces the general plan of the P|rk, be- war cry of the Douglas. But he must be blind ea»-y work to take the Bell party into the firm. cause it is not like the unsuccessful pbjm pre- indeed who does not see that the same causeMeantime onr republican cotemporaries are sented by him. Mr. Hughes, whose ph|n was which will defeat the democracy !n the Presi-Washington Territory and British Columbia. ty, devotes n long leading editorial to the refused. Mr. Warner swears that a lajge awuount nor and Congressman down to constable, there*« Land mail. The letter of our correspondent at SanFjuaciKQ, publiahed in to day's paper, gives the taking the, alarm. The Conner mid Enquirer, also rejected, stated under oath that he> volun-dential contest will defeat it in the State elec-details of the advices from California. Oregon, in a serious tone of warning to the Lincoln par- teered bis testimony because his plan had been tions. In every county and town, from Gover- protested, and our press has thundered, thus farThe Northern Light brought no news from threatened danger of this -'more than probable" of sand is wasted on the d -k, and it is shownin vain. It is time the subject was brought up, and we hope Senor Tassara, the Spanish Minis- ter in Washington, will mount his high horseSouth or Central America, with tho exception of combination electoral ticket between the .demo- that the only sand that has «e«n lost \wu> taken oar usual correspondence. The revolution inwill be two democratic tickets for every office—the Breckinridge ticket and the Douglas ticket.Of course the victory belongs to the black re- and insist on having satisfaction. publicans, and to the victors belong the spoils.But it is highly probable there is an understand-ing with the Seward and Weed faction that theRegency and their Swiss troops will participatein the plunder thrown into the hands of therepublican party by the sinister action ofRichmond, Cagger, Cassidy, Ludlow and the rest.Then the business arrangement with Stewart, ofMichigan, and others, by which the directors ofthe Illinois and the Michigan. railroads, in theeventofthe New York delegation votingforDouglas, were to play into the hands of DeanRichmond and the other owners of the NewYork Central, to the loss and detriment of theErie Railroad, involves a consideration of nosmall moment to the clique who, through theirrailroad interest, have managed to control thepolitics of the State for many years. In thisconcern Weed & Co. are partners. Hence theMew Granada is progressing slowly, (naerai crats and Americans. The Courier frankly by his own drivers, a proceeding for which theywere arrested. Mr. Vivian comes forward to pr ndent. and threatens to march on the capital ground against the republicans, and that a prove that the blacksmiths are in the habit ofMoaquera had declared the State of Cauca hide-acknowledges that New York is to be the battlemaking tools out of the steel belonging to the Lincoln's ' election in great jeopardy. The Park and selling them; but upon cross-axmina-troops and kept possession of the town for about a anything for a little fun. Our proposition of a was dischai-ged.fact that time is required for the cou-ideratioo of>.Uw THE INDIAN W AR IN UTAH.- The California nomination of General Johnston as Quartermaster (Joue-wi»u the force helun*>at hi» disposal, w>nie 5,000fusion ticket of the opposing forces would placeBKD.From Mexico we learn, throngh onr Mazatlantiou it appears that the only instancefhe hudpapers, received by thft^orthern Light yester- day, give no further particulars as to the battle fought near Pyramid Lake on the 2d of Jiine. between the Cnited States troops and volun- teers and the Pah Utes. It is simply stated that the Indians were defeated, with a loss of seventy killed. Three of the regular troops were killed and one wounded. It seems—from the fact that the battle field where Ormsby's men were so cut up two weeks before was visited, and twenty bodies interred with military honors—the coun- try was quiet enough, so far as the Indians are concerned. We are told that "another battle is expected;'' but we opine that the Indianswill not be the first to offer it.ral, a question having arisen affecting the succession under the law, Col. Thomas being the senior officer in that de- partment.AFFAIRS ON THT. RIO GKAXDCiThe War Department received this morning despatchesfrom Captain Lee, commanding the department of Texas, and also from Captain Hunt. commanding at Brownsvillf. The laUer gnulcman reports that Cortinas had again made his appearance In that vicinity, and that the in- habitants anticipated further trouble from him, U. cbe diencc to his instructions from Captain I,*e, be urtended to despatch a force in pursuit of him, and if possible to capture him. He hat thus far been able to elude the vigilance of our soldiers, and he will undoubtedly doso again. Aside from the apprehensiou entertained 1re- gard to this outlaw, matters were generally qik-1. PESFATCHBS FROM TAX AFRICAN SOT APRON.Despatches were received at the Navy Department thU morning from the commander of the Mohigan, on the Afri-Tribune, on the other hand, aff««ts the treat-( respondence, that the English had not only ment of this fusion ticket as a very good joke. any knowledge of was that in which he was blockaded the port of ban Bias, but had landed Do push it along, gentlemen—we will help you; himself the culpable party, and for which heAdvices from Jamaica to the 8th inst. have been their common ticket, as follows:— If the Doughis vote be176,000 100,000 30,000reasons for the departure from the orijp'nal de- 12 sign. From bis testimony the fact Is madec«at and there had been a eeosiderable tall of rain, and up to the loth the summer heat had not set in.large—no one but a set of disappointed placeby the Board principally from his suggest.on, and that it was done to adaTgOhe Park to the wants ofits fruils. Whilst those making the charges nominate a Houston electoral ticket. The are unable to sustain them, they are proving, Houston convention will be the earliestmander of the whites, who numbered one hun- dred men, ordered a charge, to which order only thirty of the men. responded; the others ran away. The result of the battle was most disas- trous to the whites, their captain and some twenty-five others being killed. The Indians had no firearms, but fought- with poisoned arrows. The little party of whites behaved most gallantly. Ormsby, the commander, had two horses shot under him, and fell mortally wounded and pierced.with several arrows. Ittheir own accounts, were clearly in the wrongthe public.A republicanFulton Btreet. Both meetings were marked with a On the other side, it appeal's that the Douglas more than usual degree of order and gowd humor. National Committee at Washington, Augustfrom the mouths of their own witnesses, that the management of the Park has fallenin the field, and with the old hero ofSan Jacinto we shall have five candidates in the"^SPIIL raasjmeetipgiwasheld lastin Lh*City Hall Park, Brooklyn, for the purpose ofIt was eleven o'clock before the proceedings ter- minated, a report of which will be found in another column.Commissi onersThe Con missioners of Emigration failed to have a quorum present at their meeting yesterday, and cciweqaentiy no business of an unusual nature was acted apon. The weekly statement submitted toeveningratify ing the action of the Chicago Convention In tion newspaper, by authority, has thrown out nominating Abraham lincoln, of Illinois, for Presi- the flag of Breckinridge and Lane to the braeze, dent, tmd Hannibal Hamlin, of Maine, for VicelYesideut. There was a large concourse of peoplewind that blows nobody good, and with half adozen candidates in the field there will be threetimes as many salutes to be fired, bills to bepresent, and it was found necessary to divide then.ivting and \o draw off some of the speakers toaddress the people from the republican wigwam in federal treasury.thing resolves itself simply into the-waitingsThe Bxe Hegranted fifteen licenses, at the general charge of130 for euru. They have now held thirty-eight ofthe fifty meetings which the law requires to be held son.'' The object of this policy is declared toannually.T -» CoN«aB8» e* SovKaKMais.—-li All the be, 'to preserve the democratic party intact, world and the rest of mankind" are agog aboutmet yesterday andtere during the past week to be 3,643, which Wood. He may fail to bring about the coali-•w*Us the total number of arri al» for Iks present year to 4*431, Tha commutation balance is nownext move on the political chessboard Of Euro- tion which he seeks. The republicans may pean politics? What combination is he now thus ride roughshod over and trample down forming with which to startle the worbi? Whatstated that the national democratic party was in a "peculiar condition,'' and tho country was, on account of the peculiar condition of theWhole number of electoral votes, 35—to be apportionedonthebasisofthepopularvolt-ofibx-severalfactiousfor questioned,bothinregardto the planandthereceived. The want of rain was still felt. The an- If the Breckinridgoniversary of the great earthquake of June 7, li»92, If the Bell and Everettwas observed as a holiday by the churches of all But the mutual hostilities among these par- were for the purpose of adapting the Park to denominations. The volunteer movement was pro- ties are considered so intense as to render it ab- the requirements of the public, and tht multi- gressing successfully. Typhoid fever was preva-solutely impossible even for the Hon tamer, tudesof carriages, equestrians and pe*destrians lent in Kingston and the neighborhood, and the Van Amburg, or the horse tamer, Rarey, to that daily visit it. He also te* tines that the pre-weather was oppressively warm.We have files of Bermuda papers to the 10th iastThe corporation of Hamilton had placed the newhotel at the disposal of the Governor for the ac-commodation of the Prince of- Wales, should hisr.oyal Highness honor Bermuda with a visit. The may be oaged together as readily as Barnum's constructed. Tins is the opinion that has all to their friends the republicans. weather for the la?t month had been cool and plea- happy faaaUy of eagles and-rabbits, owla and the time been entertained by the public atticket,, "pledged to the unequivocal support ofthe nominees of the National Democratic Con- spirit of impartiality. vention, Stephen A. Douglas and H. V. John-again.; open as well as secret enemies of the constitution and the Union."'All these things, thrown into the general ac count, do not promise a very large successthe mysterious meeting of the crowned heads of Europe at Baden. They cannot tell what it means. The most conspicuous figure in the picture is the Emperor of the French. ToA SLIGHT DIPFEBEXCE or OPINION.—Gover- nor Johnson, in his speech accepting the nomi- nation for the Vice Presidency, gave us someaffairs to a speedy and honorable close. We want the Pony Express to run regularly, and prefer our letters and despatches to Indianscalps.THE HOT WEATHER ANO THE SUMMER HEOIRA.— For the past two or three days we have had an instalment—the first of the season—of real sum-20aknow n that all the changes that have bean madebring them together in the same enclosure. Still,many stranger things in politics than this sug-gested coalitio. have happened, and, in view of the original design, and that it will be better the spoils, our hungry politicians of all stripes suited to the objects for which the Park Is beingGuinea pigs, cats, rats and monkeys.There is, however, a dark side to the pic-The Central Park Investigating Committee held ture. Banders, our late Navy Agent, will have the Park and care nothing about* the encouraged by the split in the democratiction, this.and Johnson hung on her battlements, turnspale even in the Coal Hole at this startling news.Rumor says, too, that the Cabinet at Washing-ton v e r e engaged all day yesterday and allnight greasing the guillotine; that the i'onstlti- Y ork affords, and that if the grumblers hadonce obtained control, there would have been no end to the peculation that would have beenNone could be more so.Who next?and that this ticket or the headsman's basket is to be the sole alternative of every democrat who is serving hie country at the expense of thec a r r i e d ^ at the public expense. Tb** whole printed and banners to be painted. Then therepihingsBelmont in the chair, have resolved that in eachState measures be taken to secure an electoral with great fairness to both sides. We trustincreased demand for stump orators will deve-lop the national love for speech making to awonderful extent, and everybody will be able seems a great pity that so much pluck should to work off his political bile, so as to have have been thrown away upon so bad a cause— things clean, healthy and comfortable by the a quarrel in which our people, according to time Congress meets. So go ahead with thocandidates. The political field, like the Broad- from the beginning to tho end. We are very way stages, is never full. Jump in gentlemen; glad to see that: the affair is now in the hands there is room for half a dozen more. Remem- of the United States Army officers, who will ber the new rule, however, and have your small act, we doubt not, with firmness and discretion, change ready, so that you may pass np your bringing this latest and shabbiest of our Indian fare before you enter for the race.the Board showed the number of emigrants landed to the labor of love undertaken by Mayo- every mind it will occur to ask:—What Is hjs important information. Among other things, hoThe special committee of the Board of Educa- the disbanded democracy as a corps of heavy new allies is be about to draw into his designs ? party, in imminent danger of ruin; that ourtion appointedSomvsstia^tsthereasonswhythe dragmens would disperse an undisciplined TheGermanswerealarmedathisprojects,and salvation,inpoint of fact, dependeduponthe teachers of the Fourth w a n schools were dfemfcsed, mob; and we have no objection to this rough became incensed against him, as iu l i s march national democratic party, and the election ofmer weather, the thermometer ranging from will be immediately instructed in the one o' the fsent plan, although costing about four mil lions, will be more economical in the end than wouldAs we have before stated, the difficulty was commenced by the whites, one of whom shot the head man of the Pah Utes in cold blood and without provocation. Subsequently some of the Pah Utes made a descent upon a white set-tlement, and killed one or two persons.the party which was organized for the purpose of arresting the offending Indians reached Pyra- mid Lake, they descried an Indian in the frontcan coast.formed admirably,and has proved a success. Oursquvd- ron are actively engaged looking after be slavers, who arc zealously pursuing their inhuman traffic. The ships engaged in this traffic never were so numerous, and are steadily increasing every year.DBSFATCUES FROM MEXICO.Voluminous despatcbc3 were received today fromMinister McLane, dated Vera Cruz, June 16. There was a hut little political news of importance. The defeat of the liberals was not as disastrous as at first reported, and itwas believed that they would be able to retrieve them-selves in their next engagement. The vomito had com menced its ravages, aad qnite a nrmher had died. Mr. Mclane had had some symptoms of aa attack of this dis- ease, but it had passed off, and hie physicians appreh ud- ed no further attack. Matters were very much mixed np, and it was difficult to tell what the future had in store for this distracted country.Ajppoumuuns COSHRUKD.Augustus S. Baldwin, a retired lieutenant of the navy,has been restored to the active list; also Lieut Miles Warrington, to the active list; A. W. Campbell, United States District Attorney of West Tennessee. L. W. Fmory, of Maryland, Consul at Acapulco; L. D. Works, restrict Attorney for Louisiana; M. V. Lasco, Postmaster ;u Be- knt, Wisconsin, James Smith, of Texas, Consul at Saltulo; A. >!. Vaughn/.Postmaster at Norfolk.xariuv MU\AL*I.The Senate today, inexecutive session, hasgiv>.1lb*finishing stroke to a question which has occupied much of the time of the Military Committees of the two hoosea of Congress. The invention of the system of military signals, by Asstttant Surgeon Albert J. Myer, of the medical corps of the army, is referred to. To this invention the Secretary of W«r, ui his annual report, alluded in favorable terms. T> bUI which passed Congress authorized the creation of a new officer of the army, to be known as " signal officer," * tt»i the grade cf Major. The only serious opfosttioa to the proposition was made by Senator Davis, upon the fiW of the Senate, bet not in the Military Conunrttee, of whfcu he was chairman. The Senate overruled him, however, and tlie bih passed. Subsequently the Secretary ef War designated Surgeon Myer as the suitable person to bv no- minated by tho President for the post, and to><lay he was nominated to the Henate aad unani\n i*'r confirmed, Mr. Davis gracefully acquiescing. T/.c v m yseekers making any objections. Tht publictheir eighth aetwion yesterday, The main feature and the faithful Sancho Panxa to Mr. cost, only that it be suited to their waists wken ranks, and they are organizing their party asof the day was the testimony of Frederick Law Douglas, has been beheaded. Ominous execu- completed. rapidly as possible. The executive committee with a white flag. One Elliott, a white man,Otmstcad, about the change that has been made inthe plan and the general work on the Park. Hetestified that moat of the changes had been made Tammany Hall, with her banner of Douglashas called a State convention, to meet at Sche- had a telescopic rifle, with which he shot the The investigation, however, is not without nectady; on the 18th of, next month, to truce offering Indian dead. Hereupon the com-into the hands of as good a set of meii-as New field. Well, the more the merrier. It is an illandseekers and contractors, because the Com- missioners will not allow them to plunder the public. From all appearance the Senatorial Committee are conducting the investigationof a fewdisappointedthat their report will be drawn up in the sameofficenals by Major Myer. who will be deputed, frcooidiv n thelaw,forthatpurpose. Thetignalsar-or*.-uicrcdone of the greatest di*x>verie>. o; the age. ColonH 1>' ferts, by their use, could eastly 00c ,pj a \>-J? ;• • in the centre ©I New York city ar ,4 dnll t.i -' venth regiment in lirooklya or H<* -ken, or at a <:>the national democratic or any other party. It over till August. and make a northern trip w henis the best thing that could happen to the coun- the Prince of Wales is in Canada, and the Chad!- *h, Labrador, and obae/ T e the tote!e<.hps? of i u efrom «c, a He.aD».t withonly avsey tew sales cracy shall he ground topowder, as between tents, with a view, perhaps, to remove the every political organization in the country and August; but this year it will be more Aanaadas, of Prificetoa.t aj.j.; FresideBi F.n VH-held then* first meeting yesterday, and heard a proceeding. If it be more important to the of conquest he approached their frontier. AsDouglas and Johnson. This remark is more to be noted for its utter fallacy than its. extremeeighty-five to ninety degrees of Fahrenheit in theshade. This indicates a hotweekfor the Fourth, and an early rush to the country by the fashionable buds of passage. The summer begira will not be so perceptible this year asgood deed of svidenc* so both side*e€ the question, an abstract of which we publish m our report ofwrangling democratic factions to wret* their vengeance against each other than to combine against the common enemy, even so let It be.the preliminary step to some ulterior eVsign, he desires to soothe and quiet their feaia—to be- come friends with them, as he did witkEngland. It has been stated that the Prince q£ Prussia, addressed a letter to Prince Albert, refectingThe market for beef cattle was tmnsmnRy dunand heavy yesterdsy, and prices wars very lr-regular. We quote an average decline of nearlyor qejte Latf a cent per posnd. though she range revolution. If it bo necessary to its progress on the course of Louis Napoleon, and that the try, this war among the factions, for when loyal provincials perspiring with pakiotism. «un, wb eh wiU onui on tho'is>li of Jedy-was aaaai fist same. Prices varied ail the way that the broken fragments of the rotten demo- latter is very desirous f6 know its onset con- rogues fall out honest men get their dues. If Our floating population is always large in July The astronomer* or the ,m r t y .ut Profe."** S*»if•• 'We are In the midst of a revolution, a great and far reaching revolution; we are for thisleaving New York on the 29th ^ j (to proceed w C-if*at the latter rate. M k h cows were dull, at from the upper and the nether millstone, even so let hard feeling entertained of him, and to break 115 a NO. 3 ISO per head. Veal calves were very it be- The next step will betbeviotewt disper- up any holy alliance which may be inshould be swept away to-morrow, we shouldstill carry on the business of government; and ception, perhaps, of the Crystal Palace year—ML» . Profbrfor C. S. Ve»--'We. of nard, of Oxford, ML* . profheaorNorth Carolina: erop.^or A W Smttr.plenty and very dull, at about previous rates. gbce?tadastta*wereal*pkat7{dulla&4lower. wc shall have a new order of things.Academy, AW»apolir.tiid., aad Li***- Quebec ebservahy T .g.D. Aafce, B V.sion of the republicans over the spoils, and thencontemplation agalnit bis dynasty. "HoweverUntitled Documentthis may be; it is certain tji&t, the vftit of U.0Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069it would go hard if we cowld not manage nut- ters at? well as they are conducted now,www.fultonhistory.comWorld and the New.^ ^ ^that the Cabinet of Madrid are about to brvnglate democratic conventions the cunning of the Albany Regency has apparently overreached itself, and Richmond's prestige for sagacity is gone. His object, as declared by himself, in persisting in a course which has brought two democratic candidates for, President into the fie»u, is to maintain his ascendancy in the State of New York, and win the local elections by thoing them up. We hope she will kick Congress into a sense of national dignity, and have the items settled. We are obliged to keep an expensive fleet on the coasts of Africa and Cuba solelyand a gentleman who i; well acquainted with the business of the department.TBS MW VCRK SAW AflKNCY.Wm. F. Russell, ei member of Congress from the Be-THE HOUSTON MOVEMENT IN THE EMPIRE STATE.—The friends of Sam Houston seemWhenmodesty.We believethat thecountrywilltrom the regiment of fifteen r THE asraosoMKAi Kxreunx*i •„j»iii ••• miusual. Manymanage to get along very comfortably without directly after the Fourth of July will remain„!*« ,n a ci- M J-y t o i^aaaj»>«the United States to their senses, and bridle ourpaid for the hundreds of thousands of extra been made by the National Democratic Convention. Haduties they were plundered of by faithless changes in the Cuban tariff after the hurricanewished them God speed, and entire success fc theof 1844; our insulted Consuls have not yet interview was of a most agreeable and cordha been apologized for—Mr. Cross imprisoned at character, the President freely interchanging coorteswa Matanzas, Mr. Sew all driven from S t Jago, Mr. with the members of the committee, each of whom de-repeatedlythe disgraceful state of our relations with Spain; Mr. Slidell has endeavored to plant the germ of a Cuba policy In our government with the Thirty Million bill; our citizens have repre- sented, our diplomatic representatives havecalled the attention of Congress topeoplewho usuallyleavetownnumerous than ever before, with the single ex-an epoch which our hotel and shop keeper? look back to with fond regrets, Let them take heartXI••> Urnled, F utes steamer 3d>t l^eit Cjtnma:i'im4eflbrts theybe calledupon to makarstood, was made by Mr. Somner, bnt disagreed to, and 00All of the Indian treaties were ratified today, exceptShe is one of the new F*eamers_ and ha3 per-tanceAa astronomical rartf has conv A^^J arrangemeiiU to"All the world and bis  