 1 I"published report of bis speech at ;9yTacuae, I find it setsociety We believe we find in facts under"^ remains theHom there will be atafreadyIndignant at being more than their fair shareFederal Oov- b»ond Oe Stat^1;For is the propertyquite ready to take the North on this When lead, point.LATER FBOh'tHE PACIFIC.8m"p"t•t'tj",altot^or»^"i»ialn,oUth>er "ffHff"*compromise. Equalitw was (rant- aleroent of weak- ed to the States In certain Important teepeets, and Itfirst deducted needed for hoow^^ equiS^^*^ he dh^ not expect that Slavery woSd e«?Tl*"" ??»#»si. ttui dntr Of the Federml Oorernmeiit to protect theami property, on «*« Ugk «e.. In the T^toriM, or whererer el« its juiladlcllOB extends."it^c Neto^ljotit 9\miB, fSkAaxhoQ, yoocmfeer 8, i860.rirtS of person4nM hidden meaning lurks under that Innoeent-look- evlltolhe society 1« whioh It exiBU,andThua,laease, the States <re nne<iuiil?iB thewUMtaw without and IncnntM Ike contempt ofmYouteDme thatMr.SSvlLv^JSSffi^ -y«<*~*-«•mbra National Convention, and ratified by a popular eleotioii, and it would speedily be followed by a de- oldoa oi the Supreme Court, again pronaundnc slaves to be pn^rhr, and declaring commerce In oneUad oft2h?e^f'Ut.h.a^nd«fcr3e«d»itft-o b,.e*>given to areimtcIsuM(*< *>«*Let that be to infromtt the as tboulA. expenses, therdouM.thittheti'ii-^»1?S^5«';^wtth"ttadecWMMthe " Sugraai Court, arepreciselycanproperly bywhatauthoritythese Southern statesmen add toreflects no these provisions of the Constitution ! What warrantmo&entUn operate. Theyareoverthis moUve"easesto brought face to face with aa«•^••^r*>«true intent and ofverya means of ooerdng the and becomes a of'«uT"theyare adopted therefore unwlUUw plantJt regions nowfreeand parUrbeMmetkiirlbe deducted— cancalled a meeting of her 8tal» I.e>ialBtore ttlSS^- and what bec<mies of tbr Soaaled »nn>lus—the ac- between Freedom and SUvery, a3'22?'ftl?»*e«'being to petattbeth at home and, abroad, oolniheree in any kind ofDoes this sound eitrav-than would thattheMissouriCom- proM«M»oqldhtf repealed by precisely such a pro- cess BH on preAltefy snch an argument in 1854 t And hsn we not faidlcatioBS lar more abundant andism* £^may M« »gOtr U n OM ^hiriaorequesUonpractical mattor, requiring pracUoal aeUon, and the'y[Laughter and ap-P'SffiBtJhW ..!AboUHoa- oil. repseaentf. Negro SlarenU tinjust," sen Mr. iPCotm, •'ear Dnlg* MNnt ««heBeopleol«i«iy8Uteciedit upon us as philanthropists or as Christians, and haveha4 that that wai their intention then ? m. TAScrr's waccubaciks.savage, rather than regard onthe up rightwhpUdnaps the ravage and hangs Um as a dead rights of property. Whatever the laws of any Stite repUes, instantly elecflon of Lixooui. tnat is to win she raise the thirty or forty mUllons a year essen- that? Mr, O'Cosoa insMs that^^raidOBonkt te"giving the slaves representation, ''That our FathersSTKB, mhis Marshfieid theSup"-there. WiU the Federal tion on her which she now Govcmnient protect sugar,enjoys at the hands "11 was the Federal Governmentslaveia as property.I prove," says he by the sectionfact that that tlie Nor'th never iiad unitedtemptpropertytCertainlyfugitives from justice—them in the that is precisely what we of the North insistand rockets and down Roman caudles, into our ingfit !equalitya mustextravagant IfiSS,rights and regards the ifrican stitution Itself ?powersprovidedby' theCon-meetItInthatspirit,plause.] NowIharesubmittedthistorefutetheassumptionborne. One of the leading pubUc men of the South, Mr. Takoit, has recently made a tour of the NorthernOh,tion Is nothing—welt until he hi Inaugurated, whichthrowingdo not know whether Mr. Tsboit took that positionyousubjects, w hich It exists.and that a dtiien of oneHOW CAN TH« milOirBI DIBSOLTEO fWestern Virginia are excited atid re-In Rochesterhe; will read toany other State. Thehas been .. J"*""?question,emment from the of Slaretr supportin.'whleh It .exieKnad yrenot its;did,"did,''] but In acorollary, therefore,toof the cost ofso much'• tcrles of heshall we do least three State Which adopts Slavery as its form of labor,' ad- zen if any other State to go mto Ike Territories, and lake E*f?*' .Si""' '»<'*«<•. three parUes are afready in theorth in the clearest terms and Ifrom that speech enough to present Us claimsuppressing:" In reference tvtwo points the ConstitutioD itselfpay thefr fairand tbe'tole of the purpose,says intheFifthJtrtlole,ItshouMnotbeamendedbefore1808. One of those paints was the right to carry on the Slave-and lake iritk kim aTennessee may go and take a barrel and a CottonIn North the Carolinatr«de.aadtke other was the extra replresentativehas insisted upon a new State Con-them as To my mind the fact property,"in a vigorous aid conscientious opposition to the ex- Stale from which he came? Certainly not. It ceased ment. I do not believe that Tennessee w ill consent desperate and dangerous invasion of arecOpitgedof gmng^tfaem representation proves exactly the op-tension of Slavery. That was true, and it urgedbytrade section that our fathers regarded slaves as prop-forward, what did we see in Congress ? In the Sen- of Mississippi makesalacrityRepublics thought timt they will revolutionizing anioag already symptoms of futureI cannot see in It the evidence of erty," — slightestinto some other form—upnecessity, [Applause] II is among Uieinoper- purpose Congressthen differentiMeoflie,— puttheyyouconformity wioT ikJL onlymenwitSa^But let me come for proofs on this point still nearer Africa: but heany discrimination In this is de- know, is to be oleoted. O-aughter and applaute.] merce from the North Is by heroBfiaSSlwS* place Slavery in the Southnn State* be- yond our reach, and that wetmve done our vriwle dalrany5uch thing the faintest possible pretext of any such single exceptionthat these Irishmen or Germans ivcre to be im-States, only nine could be found to vote against tbem? Because il is not the property prr ffc they seekon the face of the earth so dead to all the moving im-Fusion—Gw-Idd in the 9Ieaa> WanderingWill— Blixcellmaeeu latelllxeace.From Onr OwnFbancisco, Cal., Thursday, Oct. II, I36«.implyported as property 7 Yet the inference is strong In the one case as in the other.the bill. Here was a Union of the South in favor to hold there—it is the local lain which makes—Ncn-8 and Pslitical"But, says Mr. Yascst, I .'^how by the fugiUve-unlesstositdownquietlyandpermitit, slaveswillgivethem, [Applause.] Theywant,no—t Napoleon,powerfulandarbitraryasheis,wouldnot exircisetoraninstant—tbeywouldprobab.yhangus Sa.nslave section —providing that they should be delivered up if they escantd—that our Fathers regarded slaves as property," I can see nothing of the kind in that"could it be prevented ? The North had, and has now,—simply the the cash value of their slaves property,iI:!mightglaiKethniaghtaedlfeoasionsofthe RevolutionaryThis qtiestion of State is a shows the most EquaUty very old ques- himself, certainlycourageof the two.ican peoplebypart and so beenproper*under theConsUtuUon.oftheUnited Statesthrough the North-not—forup them North. [.\m>lause,] Mr. Dot olas has said that the They want slave law, and not slaveare also, by a prer eding clause, to he delivered ';stoopcome the accomijlice in ^uch a crime,birches, ucighboihood,Notto service in the tame way, and yet he Isnotiirop- erty?necessarilywho issection the rule and guidance of tlic wliole country. lt tv. should hc.-hate to join the Republicans in m;tk- must stand prepared to maintain her position by her ye must make the best of this—just as they must —butthey are spoken of as personsjusiice in any .^orm.TIIK DIPCMO.N P.IMC.;because anapprentice maybe heldtraffic,Christian world. She nut guilty by juries without leaving their seats. Now anything more than that he was a Douglas Democrat,:son excludes the idea of property. A person has aNow what are herwill—has a conscience—has responsibility and rightswhich cannot be conceived of as to belonging prop-erty. Y'oucannotcoimecttheideaofapersonalitywithahorse,oradog. Theymaybebynow come tiie increase ofIneir .slaves'I'liev have free libei :y under the Constitution and inbe- causetheycannotbepersons. Youmayhaveaprop-But it isSouthern brettucn injustice,—that we deprive Iheiu ofas pwsona ;—tbey an not Imported as property, but as persona :—tbeytwe-aot recaptured, when they run away, as property, JjMei persons. And, if you willacts (or itself, In this matter ; and it would be quite as reasonable to require that we should pronounce tlie land in one State to be as good as tlie land in another.not fearing them. The man who does believe ui them, aud still walks right up to one and looks hlrn in the face and demands that he shall give an account ofV ffittti. If one raises l,OoO hushels of wheat, he has also Ids hor.-cs aud oxeu to feed, and laborers to ftcd. and himself anil family to support uutdfit. If. itwhether the South intends to dissolve the Union or not, the time has come when they can no longer co- eifce the free and Independent judgment of the Amer-extemporized on the street, which haK a doiea menit would be tmfalr to tax like free because of men,in relation to which we of this Slaveryday arc unanl-in what respectsthey should be unequaL It was pro-Senate tlie States shouldof the same Slavery, byprocess. And in this, I tldnk,with which hechargeceitJier act with that nor ask any one else toinouslyagreed are not sound." Yetthis same Mr,vided, for eiamjfle, that In thethey are doomed to signal and disastrousdefeat.started, namely, that exports to meas- ure wealth must be exports oi surplus, after aU the ex- set pens^ of the Individual or the community have beenpartygive It his support. 1 believe it to he utterly untrue. the Senate who wont[.\pplause.]the most^ ANCXT attempts to persuade the people of Rochestertic that should have the same plause.] Very much of this, therefore,[.'Ap- maybe1 find inof theof all suchpersist In representing Missis-that these same " oldthat it should ever disappear, [Applause,] SHALL BLAVERT BE KXTXNDIO ?equal,— they preciselythethe platform explicit disclaimer^Now,]have dwelt'population— l&rgevote should luive adissolutionConfederacy. of paid— candid and pected honor, open, frank,unsus* fair-minded infogies"in the so far as that same weight Union,down to motives ofpolitical aiid sectionaldefrayed.Let me take hisown illustration. .\ farm-sippi dear;all improvementapreciselyasprop-^speechBroderick'epersona held to ser- thereof, es-,letter, thatwere " perfectly sjjlind"Rep'lblican designs—Slavery question they provided for its*partisan-reseiitatives, on the other hand, it was provided, with em Slates, a Disunion Party—an organized coii-spira- laborers and his family with flour. He sends enough '' among the gravest of crimes." I find the candi4ate —three months nowon theincrease, widened its basis, and had no thought or\. ishvote,Partythatbody wa.s concerned, whatever might be thefr popula- ship.upon this, perhaps, at too gre'Uhave aand Doug-large length. But it is a vital point in the whole controver- small vote—thatIand that small States theStates,Inotherwords,Because the Fusion of the dealings,toAdegree lasmeninOregonknocksspotsoutoftheIsy. It is the specific doctrine on which the whole be equal. So aUo init organisation the ability ol a on the occur- the residue market. He exports It, and that meas- seldom in theour puhlle men,Douglas laa to Oregoe here how sick they^queaticmturns. Theobjectofprovhigthatslavesare^;few, forparalleledhistory'Is to e^^UtUsh the nght and the duty of the Federal gov- —eachacUni?together,shouldelectthePresident cooperation plans, IHow nearlyjevery purpose and every thought, of trespasa-tlieit word thatItwouldnotbepermitted. Ugh:cntmmt it, wherever iu powertafrttect extends,—\inon'beingto two votes withoutig upon rights of any section oragainstthe lenaiMl on the land, wherever the float*.gardhostile to disunion.a-ny State of the Republic, [Loud a-p^p^lause.. I. f-.i.n,d»Thelaaae. of the impending canvas, therefore, is simplyibU:—SkallSlemerybeextendedbybeingcar- ried, umUrUlf Comtitutum and with the aid of the Fed- eral Govtmmeilt, *"*» <** Temtones,—and increasedtheyto become an unavoidableupon thoughtBeruS^ -Uon:are But if unequal.take nothecomingcottonIt on New- me that Mr.and halfslaveandSfposestostumpOregonforthwith-.t^by The Democrats TBS. The Republicans of the ana they mean to aiake that .Vastep, by openly[ireventedby tame and iuoble subserviSSce toreopening'tke JtAK<« j?'*"'"'''''^''of the SouthNorth say NOsaypractical and effsctive. [Loud and prolonged ap- plause.) ThisIstheissue—andtheonlyissue—ofthe pending canvas, so far as the question of Slaverv ispopulation entitlesher to but one Representative. In of election of a Republican President be not yet been deducted from It.involved. The I&pubUcan party standi (Applause.]Sow that itdown into our State,flagof theUiilon,:lition, bymightagainstmoa otaoct frieverythtog,(>leU?ed against any such increase or extension of elect one- throush their represeiiiatives inelection. one of J. B.'s beat feed office-hoid-I'avery, on this continent, from this time forward andCongress one. whateverquitein the South f.owanlsinterference viith:u'iver.- - a;.- c-jii aUithe becauseof believecn.^lingupon tiie electionStates,to define the[Applai.se.j They oppose e-'j-adc, partlyreopening theypopulation or its si/.e—the People t>eing Republican Preaident. lndeed,the leading politicians these cxpenditn.es of the rotton crop before you es- •onMfesliog Uie/un.icr ti.n-iit ol ii, juJ pludug itr^ in San Francisco, assuresus me that If he,one vote, and onlvdisunionol a the Northernstates. Verywell—but not deduct whytS^ii,?Jr=!^?* '^ southern forSlaver,-'rightas the citi-John Bbowb's Invasion—tacrMae.bre^we have Afiicans enough on tills continent already;to Important and so solemn a pobUe datr CAnolaase )to such a movemeot, that I donot see how titer can9se^r^fss.gate amount of these purchases from the North at»bout tSMfiOOfiHO a year. Wett. tUMnxtntl to thewhere the pubtte mind shall niMb,<i.\.and the exteaaioa of tnte new tfaey oppose Slaverythe oneitates are equal in IkelrpubUerecords. cSoi,tltotoeinX'^Jhejr one htahscotrheflscaamUey aaoal In this, that aII,Territory, partly because they know SUverr to be an«l»o thepoMjblyforfeiting their eelf-ieenectthe peoDlelEaikatS Whole oerftemSopo/ the ftgajha^tote.' Deductthe ooune of ultimate ^cuSSl^''^ Biatlt tafrom lb blightto give It any greater pnarvonwiffiag nHiM power'aan.tt now en-anyrUtts and Immonltle* thereot I cite these exsm-This is no reason, however, to either place.when we have prevented IU extension and iUand placed it where the pobUe mhid mar'rMlUlCtSt^Mi'tn the eoorse of which he addressed the peopleofSMester, ls of other Northern cities, on the sub-ject of Slavery. He took the ground that the Consti-tution provided expressly tor the Iherease of Slavery,—and tnat Massachusetts and the other Northern Col-onies insisted that they should be permitted to importslaves until 1S08. against the wishes of the South. I iy to be an evil not merely a wrong to those who are terest In them at aaolherto occur on the 4th of March next. But that,that taxation faU ?Y ou know that now in the South-'the purpose ofwould serlouslT Interfere,beuof that itfriThis we shall;(sutes imut sooner or later bec^.^!lL"^ ^»te< slaveboldfaig nation, or enttrelv afrJuf! •»«»«* •in the aflairs of aureommiii to akowttiat this whole joys conMeney, pleimatter of State eeaalltrConstttuUon. Itwasset-eontincaiar.i iOt£r lUAtM the day ofriecUon aU Mrtl«s at Ihe South haSa cbin-bww that thisWe have now ftm* mWons ofbe just as Constitu- try. They ha>-e ban thrust upott us asatnil our will tled on the basis ofBut Icounted as profit :—while frma the Nortaitn crop is shadow of parpoee to frespt^Tpt^ "•and then weandtheir own.(Xliey at* anconsump- and two hundred idlUons more sent to the South, defeat of the RepahUe^ir^i to the estimate of Mr, Tanost himself:rights, because he declared vrfth hUied "otherwise than tkroiik tke;ezpeet SmMrwonAs, or some new Instrument of ness—an obstacle to our national advancement-a w as denied In others. ItsIn thethe electionis accompilshUigIt. But [Applause,] ItIs.'ometimesSlareiTi tottBodoce a bill daelarlng that the existing burden to be carried, whether slave or free.distinctlyThey i^de^ethey hmetto cry may aid In,We have ?5I?JS?5S5fJ'"*¥J"'S'*"^> l^lhgInconsistent dutiesasmen asChristianstowardsthemwhich fined. TheConstitutiontells" andandstricUy rigidly de-Inwhat more of tbem. ticulars they are unequal. Now 1 should Uke to knowsaid thatwemust Butwewantno discharge.par-andsoItbecomes wordsInWassixa'sUnabridgedandaU tn strict actingWe have more of them now than we tocarry on. provide for. Their cendlUon at the bestConstlnitiona.*' Thewho advise and tetik a directsubject MdttatkUieits; Who retisted it 7 Virginia The head one in 6. In Pennsylvtmla—which we have never comes so virtue either of thebefixe the year V)08. ITko proposed that prmiuiionproperty.[Laughter,] Col, Kiirr is the only really saypenons, and not property, we are denounced asthere is one in 125of the Northern Colonies proposed to keep up the trs'le considered a State until since theptopessdin there is one In 7 GeorgiaornoState UkeLIGHT.the head of the Southern Colo- to abolish it.right properly byeveryand whether ten potent, afier all,;States or one ofatax.at all follow his exam-niesDid onr Fathers wish Slavery to be abolished[Applause,] Now, suppose a direct tax isARRIVAL OF THE NORTHERXA million and a Cfcuarter in G«ld.THE SENATORIAL ELECTIONS IN ORBGOIT.did thtj i^j 'Ifiiden its basis, increase its numbers, trade in It fvr tmnty years lontrer, spend millions and millions of dbllarv, spread it over' a larger territory,' and yet did;because the common law and the Constitution go with him Into the Territoricsjand hare just as full force and ef-upon Southern property, sufficient U> Government,tions ofsociety fonnded upon It ? This is entirely at war—this, namely, that Slavery exists in the one and not in the other ? Can we ascribe it to anything else ? Now we say that we will not extend an institutionwhenever that which is virtue of propertv only byat least three more parties on the question—Joic toupon tills point that would lead to some very importantvith the assumed (act that our Fathersirrepnsiible eonfiict existed between free and slave labor. ThetruthiSilnirFttkersdidnotthinkso."aoy( I cannot suppose Mr, Yahcit ignorant of thehis ope- Un- of his State w ith him into the 'i'erritories, he caimot thedissolve the Union » As I haveMunoa'a record of tlii'Se debates, that RnruS Kino ]3etualon behalf of Ma.ssacl,as4^t(s, and Mr. Laxgdon of New .share than itto the disunion whichparties necessary. And I venture to predict,Panama."strort'ly advocated giving the prohibi- that is, thp power to prohibit the Slave-sharpeach of the points I have named, and the result, inthis In a subjectHampshire,tory power,**.— — trade at once, "to the general government;"the of the Republicansstand firm and im-willthe South in atheConvention on this subject, slaveholders will beGen, FiHOXKXT declared Ibater receive the plan if it prohibits the Slave-trade ;*' that Mr. Rdtlidoi, the other delegate from South Cartas, followed this up by declaring that " if the Convention thinks that North Carolina, South Caro- lina and Georgia will ever agree to the plan, witess theirhght to tsHport slaves be untouckedy the expecta-lar acts of equally unwise legislation from that time to this. [Applause,] Mr. Yakcii must be aware also thattion <s vain" ;—and that it wsson the part of the Southern States, which led to any restriction being placed on the power of Congress toand new Slave States added to thethe African Slave-tradeand that Federal Government insistUnion, that they phould be thus? No received ! Wouldsits, strongerentdimension^ simply because Sie Cotton StatesThe NorthernLightleft attheaspiobibit the Slave-trade,— it has led to many simi-fiand has thus beenstore-sMp FalmtuiA,when the Committeeas a that Compromise,experience, fashionable for a num-provisions. One of their own men, Mr,of South CaroUna, has warned them of this resalt. In Marysthe SJ&ve-trade should not beprohibitedbefore thethe other is afraid to avow any opinion whatever upon legal tender under the Federal ConsUtutioiL " But South, for the purpose of " direct trade a recent on thisreported,RioflAansoN,were at Panama. The steamship Mote>Constitution, provldingits own amendment, was un- der eonsidetatlon, Mr, Yancit must know that it was Mn KoTUSai of South Carolina who said that "he iMvU never d^M to give a power by which the arti-party which takes ground against jt.not all who are opposed to it join us in making that resistance effectuail !an utter for a time failure. It posedclesnot Interested mofreiahof,(0SKPUBLICAN PARTY.Terrltor>-, and then you stand upon an equalslaves thatbe altered the States might byand prejudiced property, against\the South must sell Cotton or starve, [Applause] There are many other considerations which a dis-nd It ;**—th»claaE« fortddding such iQteration was inserted In that l)UtiumenUfootingfavor of discussI?,English sentineU, k>l Commodore HomooiOBT immediately toek the matter in hand, and the Brit-'that South Carolina can nev-thi.'>threatof secession,in the first place, there is no such safety-valve in this coun-Aspinwall the Unitedthoughtthat anlocal law pas.ses beyond the juilsdiction and thealready said thesemodlficaUons of the80UTHKBN PFOPLE AGAINST DlBimiON.It ipvas in consequence ol^ this that 1 supiwse. in the first protestwithevery other citizen. It is not your property that direct trade. But the moment come to they:one in 26, in thc,-p is one in 8 Kentucky;allele.has the unanimous approbation and the heartypay.';In South Carolina there isplucky man among them. He proposes to secede on litionists. Thereveryenlightenedfor^tleasttwentyyears t * • * t lastelection—[laughterandapplause]—tliere isone lakewithhimwhateverIsofmantothecommon tary alone,—pointas the proposalin .12 ;iikOhio there isState,And,But it Is not so with his jood wishes of tlie whole people. Nobody, either derstood the generaUyin Vermont there is one in 62, in Tennes.see there is one in 5, Now what makes this broad and striking difl'erence ?reallyplucky men,—whichwhich oppresses one class of the community and de-property the local lawat all.which produces such resultsblights industry,less, therefore,he cancarrymortdizes and—the local law;the have cofiperationistsmoveable. —I.\pplau5e.]people,against disunion, and those only;posedwould make taxation ^ a result of Southern Convention and that the great mass of Southernthe other—Into newnor will we permit It to seize upon any largercarry property which it haswould lead.against Those who had tlie most slaves would be the most Cooflict Between British and AmerioaanegraasUeur coun- was fixed and aettledbytheMntti^t^'J"*'"^'they before we add te their numben it becomes us to make of Statesiuie better provision for those we have of already Mr theInsisting upon an institutioiu and laws—in addition tohome concernSuppose at the outset they are unanimous for dis-GA0Li>iir,orOeor^a, tailsushe equalitywe shouldOur Government does not exist forin order to civilize them. Wo have other work to do with which thatimporting savageswaitwe know Slave- its but an impediment to the Inalways property of the StatesRepubUoeo Party. [loSnseJ Without the•But beside and this —beyondreason,itssocialsystemonfree labor. Howcanwecometo any other conclusion when we compare the,progress made by the nelghbortsg States, one frco and themaygociltzen of wkiskyproportion.aad aa end of the sectional controversy concemlitg 81|tveiT, and can leave tt In the hands of the BoUMrapowergiventeUwSl^veStatesbaaedo«three-fifthsef^their otherSlavs,Inanyoralltheelementsofsocial elsetkt ofIke isPartysubject slaves to precisely the same scale of taxa- Slates, where it properly belongs. Iwhybringhimevent is"^.'1 ' 'S^' •*>"•« "o greater reason for secessioniaereaaZTennessee guaranttr slavts growih? Compare Virginia with New-York—or l>ecoaaes iDferior to Massachusetts, and the rirhcs of thema will venUon to amend the Constitution In this andsafelyslaTWfc Tntymn t6 carffid to tkat ei/vality parties destroyed,this to be and insisu equally impracticable,separate secession of some one State, in the faith thatvHTn^vftTtt, and Mot tkea migktit brourU infor iwcn- or South Carolina with'V yeo''*. t»flt tkej put tt into the Conslihaion that how- OhiowlthKentuck}—n'urmltck tt migU bt denraile to hare it amended in that chusetts, in any respect, and note the difference. Here is a clear definition of " State Equality," asproperty. To this the Oemocratlo SUte Committee Issued a reply, and what ground do youMr. Bathoiib (poke for a UtUe over two hours, aad was Ustened to with the closest attention,^y the large and Intelligent audience, from the begiuulag la VOapOTticular U thoutd not be amended. They would notTake it inregardto thesingle pointof mental cul-that phrase is tised by Southern politicians. And Itother does be thus taxed, becausewere notought not to strictly proper-allow the Legislature power to tit andSlave-trade as tkitr thought proper, butfhohld not be mad* the suhiect or legislation, and that it whole niimt>er who ctuinot read or writeahoold tiot be the subject ot Constitutional amendment Virginia Uiere Is one in 7, In Massachusetts State on thesenselegislate uponeveryto take withStates. are like They!The endofhisaddrese.theyConstitution,Committeeof NorthCaroUnasaid it York there Is one free white adult in 36 of the titled, under the Federalboys eag<>r to chase a ghost in tDye,mocratic Statechurch-yard-allready togo.buteach dodgmg be- takeshiiftoryofthe country, or unacquainted with the de-bates'whlch led to the formation of the Federal Con-stitation. He roust be aware of the fact, recorded in we will not do anything to fortify it or make per- created which cea-s'es be property the moment separate— [Applause.]Now why should there bedegradesregion.s;creature of thatuow enjoys of the political control and government of our common countr>'. U[>on that pointnot this at the South, there will be a conflict ofdifference ofor of action on this subject, especially amung the free-bling them to get what belongs to somebody else, [Applause,]Tlicsteamship Northern Light, Capt. Tui-anyopinionState, within the limits of have a Southern Disunionmen of the Northern States Y Is there one here the of debts. any paymentto beOf the three political parties ar-Ihave the adoptedoughtreopenedIn the territory thepolicy of buying their plantation North, instead of raising tbem them-States steamer;Inanyetberthe citizencumulated wetOOMf IMMmlbemStklts f lApplause,] The fallacr of flie •rgHent Uoe jtist here :—the aoUon, vuieSSnimmmn^- whole crop ot theSoutltis ejqmrted l« thereforejnddown and its were limitation^a't^Xb,*^ Utata,cofiperatingwiththeFederal-oT,^in that instrument forgrading to the States against which it is made, Iluive .seen this claim laid down nowhere more clearly or distinctly than in a speech by Senator Bkown, of^Mls- sisslppU firim which, with your permission, I will!says another partv-, the mere fact oTui elec-read a single clause" The advocates of State have held that theuntil he commits some "overt act*' of anrres^ sion upon our rights. Now here, you see, arotnree dl*Unct parties at the South on the simple quesUon— When shall we dissolve the Union tbythelocallaw. Weconcedethehis own hook. He Intends to leave the Union soli-is no argument oq a tutionallawhalfsoAbo- of consti-:election of a RepubUcan accompUsh by the;slaves are few.comp'lTahients of peoplelaw or vfrtue ol the Federal Constitution byto be leviedall the expenses of a separate Nationaldon't you suppose It would come to be un-fect there as in the States.'they design after that to go Xo work and atwlish it. to de- Is it not perfectly just and fair to trace it to the only local law. He cannot th.al law the North or South, will offer the sUghtest opposition to sons sadanmotng Slaveholders that slaves were per-carry beyond juris-stroy so much property, and break up all the social rela- point in which they difl'er materially from each other diction of the local sovereignty that tnade it. And bis secession. [Laughter.] Now here, you see, are " irrepressible conflict" in every Southern Stateration of that law. It ceases to be'field, and it is rather a significant Indication of the future course ofbasis was laidacqufciclng thecry of dliunkm. tion accordinghavMMp.%pndictioatnconchulTe that this Is their intention uow, than we Christianity to the African one tight to discriminate between them in to thefr acUvely warmly discussed. One i>artr and If tlie South sets a separate Confederacy, how direct an Issue on the or the «fslave-trader as the Chrtetlanmay be—but not alter the model which I most admire.that the resources of the South are so vast, and so su-J.E1TI7 »?e«MKSlarary mmissionary. PossiblybeSLATKRT INunion. The first i(*fnehall we dissolve the already andTHS TCSRrrORIF.8, "''"ioniry who wUI take CivlUraUon and But, It Is urged, the federal Government has noQuestion to be answered wlU be,Union? This ouesUon Is represented. They are far inferior in every respect, pubUcan on the face of the earBiVrfpropoaed m"Rights saysSAiatorBaowa,tlon of the pojeyof thePresident,andtheinaonn-Territorica are the common that one State has the same in-:State baa the same riibt to go to them, as a clllsen ofil ? and upon thisvai.cesleasraplaly in the career of developoient, is witkkim whatever is recognized as propertg in the State ,}.l 9°* ^'J'* *' ""«* "'o '>y " » Confederation of of taxation so asour Immediate ot>Eer> ation, abundant that a that a ntixi n proofpointpaynfany Slate -kas the fameweaker materially and morally, than one which bases from u*»ch ke goes. Thus, if a rilizfnof Sassarhusrtis all the Southern States. The second denounces that; if ffaeic-Yorkmayroanilake a horse.a citizen of Missisnppi wrae go and take a slave. It must be so, orOpposition"baleofgoods,a citizenofutterlyImpracticable,andadvocatesaunionofthe Sutesalone. Ex-SpeakerOtasayshe Is in «vor of secession just as soon as Georgia and Alaba-same question is discussion. The exciting;Massa- Miasiisippiao are inferior to those of the Kew-Yorker." others will follow suit. But thethe ture, which is a good test of social growth. In New- amounu to this,—that the citizen of State Is en-not largely characterize the Southern but in onetheypersons (Laughter.);In him into the FederalaTerritories, Uie local law of that hind the other, and no one oreclsely the ground held by the Republicans of theofcreature.of law. Whatever Is propertv at all, be-common law or ofwe that slaves arecarried the electionit and to the secessionists. As soon as the Presiden-Suppose both go to a territory who thinks that Slavery should be extended and in- of the United States—taking their bills with them—Now, there is another point of some importance. The South desire secession, in order to increase theirit passes beyond the boundaries of its 1 shall tial [election 'is over, and the canvass becomes active powar.averse to taxation, and consequently the most op-discussingNaval Anthorities atOyB DIPLOMATIC RUPTURS WITH PEKU-stop to argue point at any length. Let me onsimply seek to illustrate it. that a in Suppose State, myjudgment, position tbey der in payment of debt. One man in New-York has olunitingNatchez. Each In Its own the party which will triumph in the end, and we shallchartering a bank, should make its notes a legal ten- Rochester, another inbe, thatlight and it is that position they are about to win. a ten-dollar bill on the Bank of and of walling for an overt act at the hands of the Re- wUlcountry'It is for thatbefore thefavor it who, having nothing of their ov«-n, looktoone believes that.rayed against us,tion, oidy one ventures to take such ground before the not. But suppose the New-Yorker had taken a ten- been holding Conventions for the past fifteen or twen- more and more exclusively to' the raiding of cotton.they all work In that direc-camedeclares its entire indifference '.to the subject, and shouldberecclvedinpayment of debt because it is a ber of to hold Commercialyears Convention;) at theunder any pretext or in 4ny degree, [Applause.] a Misslssippian are held Inferior to those of the rate, and fdr a He of our armies. Not a seed ofcotton uvuld be put into thethoughtender In the States from whichtheyCertalidy a Southern Convention, [Laughter,] The South has selves,—world. Neither the Douglas nor the Bell parties be- dollar gold piece into the territory the Federal ;If thethey.dissolve Union, they must raise their ownThe Cnited States Lanratter and sloops ,S(.Gov- lieve In any such sentiment as that,—though the one ernment would have insisted. If necessary, that thatty I can within years, recall,ten or a dozen of them. It wasmy shortyear IfcOU, it was Gen. PnicxsiT of South Carolina," establishingthe avowed ground that It was better under all the ought not to be increased or extended in any way, becomes inferior to New-York and my rights as chartering a ship, advertising for freights at a low rjly appUed to tne raising of breadstuSs lor the aapport The advices the Northern"that this was conceded by the Northern Colonies onit Thereisa ofTaylor,whomoved to strike out 1800 and insert 1808,"—andcliniMilaiii (11 " to let in South Carolina andon these terms, than to exclude them from the Union.**starting foreign port. would haveby Francisco are to the 11thGeorgia,Y'et the Republican Party offers the only organized New-Yorker, If he may take bis gold I must be per- no" dfrect establishing tradeground. Cotton u<ndd be useless to us, even ifwe couldMississippiquestion • Why is the Nortli united against tlie in- to .sell it attempts to treat it and trade it as property creates her commerce, and is wonn more to her than need. What was it that put down John Baowa'a in-there was no Northhim in the erijr>iment of what was his In the propertyclaims against the Government of that;tution of the UnitedStates, that suppressed Ihat Sovereigns[>eech, deplored; Itwas the Consti-canlic. Tlie vllimatum had been rejected, but Preei-the fact that the y are to be delivered make the corresponding duty and determination of the in Confess :uid the Territorial Legisiat'ire. [.\p- crusade, which gave a hundred inilUons to free the fall hi our vi'iidtv;"vice or lalMr " under Slate laws make theia trines of Christianity amougthe sa\asesof I'atugoniaup. Yet there is no pretence that they are regarded a.sor just, because we cunnotproclaimagainstTLi-ughter,]Neither wiUtheyexe-—and the idea or a per-rights,willDis"union is no remedy for this evil. l;ut they say theyhurrah! shouted every third man, and prof^ed his willingness to smash Usproperty,urged,in the nextplace, tliat vfc do ourIt istliemselves injured and dishonoredour part,—that they may regard their institutions as no;—but thebysuch action onNorthern States. I he told as he presume you here,:Breckinridgeprinciples of the Republican I'arly cannot be patriotic (Wtyslave poicT,from her the natiiui high place amongfrom Yreka, the liveliest aanouscemeBt of the season, to wit, that Col, E. D, Bakis and J, W,property? but does that prove ihat tho>e doctrines are not true *I'hus far. then, I find no valid rea.son why any man goes at all. without support or coiihilenco, and under ui"- port, anu avow their share in tlie are found by the Oregon Legislature. Of NisiiraH no one knewHis would cunmiit to jirineiplethe iiituiurance of aoIlpo^edto the incrr ;isf; audextension of Ma-thelowering indljjiiationof tlieincrease 01 Slavery, V>arty pledged against it.iknowas rich.—as far richer tliim tl;edrinks,any other desperate thingbringing iiiiu IQUALITr or STATVSl.lireii:g'/from running Wiiy not do so now ? away.resistingor do extravagant joy.;Into tillsit property;the hateful work of thefr returningitis nowlet him sell his slaves other powers. If the South is to have a confederacy submit fo thisinference. That Slave-trade section declares that repeal.and of opening all the Federal Territories of the in Mississippi, and take the cash whiih he receives of ils own, il must have an army and a navy of its unavoidable drawbacks incident to every Government, thrmsclves. There areof Sam Hocston, voted in favor of itsprojiertyfightingandshall not prohibit before ISOS^ "the Union to Slavery. L»en Mr, Bell, although he \oted lor ihcm into the Territories. Then he has sometlung own, and they must be large enough and efficient And in a Covernment where law Idepends, not migra- uponCongresstion er Importation of such persons as any of the States finally a^iiist the bill because it permitted for- which tlie common law and tlie Constitution recog-nowezistiHg may think proper to admit." TUs ap- eigners m the Territory to vote, gave his sup- nize as properly, and wiiich tiiey will protect him in cope with any of the powers that maybe arrayed executed hi a comuiunity bostUe to its spirit and plied l» Mew-York and to the importation of Irishmen port to the repealing clause when it wa.s lirst pro lioiding and enJo>lug* as such, l.\pplause.] Now why against them. —They talk of reliance on treaties with Its puniiise. The fault in this matter is not all on and Germans, just as much as to South Carolina and ttosed as an amendment to the original bill. And is not tills enough Why are not Southern slave-the importation "f Africans ; but does it, therefore, in ihe House, out of 134 members from the Slave holders satisfied with thus taking their property with ipulses and instincts of the age, as to undertake theof extcnduig SIaver>-, What remained t)ul for erty wliichthej, desire to transfer to the Territories. protection of a nation resting upon negro Slavery as State, But we are notil— the North to tuiite against it ? In what othor way They want their slaves there—not their value merely the basis and sole reason of its existenceto protect '"ri.edom ofevery Southern especiaUy eager to go of U, lest we nottainsmerely this choice:againstit. Can tiiere be doubt as to anydare thus to outrage the free sentiment of the French to the ne.-.rc; t tiee If wc w ere to make tiie aitem.iupeople ujHin which alone he relies for the stability of Nor am 1 Inst nsible to the alleged nedessity of thehis imperial throne. And does any sane man dream case. If we 'ived over a powder magazine, we sliould in whichor else unitethe path of duty in this matterdale has made more manifest the jiurpose ul the SouthEvery daysince that ;b€c:iuse proiJtrty is not represented in our form ofAbout half an hour after I oti gotlastbecause they want the political power which theirOorrespondent.>ecUou. It simply declares thatvice or labor in one State under the lawscaping into another,'* shall be delivered up, Doe.s fortunately every day iias also made more manifest tlireo-fiftli-s of those "persons" find full representation that England—which led tlic way in this Anti-Slavery watch w'tli some little anxiety the sparks that might Oregon had concluded to do without a Senator to— government; tliey want their "persons"' becauseraywas reported the universal sentitnet^tlilause.J prop-andproperty. Does the fact that they are " held to ser- Southern States, Neither can he proclaim the doc- no right to claim, and what tlicv shall not have. lAp- ity and the Clirislian ctrlUzation of tlie age ? [Ap- cute the lawre against the African Slave-trade. Men NzgaiTu had been elected to the United Statesnot .slave value merely; and iheyhaveThe South must I.lause.] plause.] goto be- huraau-Who land Senate business, if it cargoes of negroes on the wharf of a South-The yen' cited Mr. Yaotit ex- It would make tiie brutality and the igiiorancc of men ii'g that opiposltiiui practical an-.i effective. We deny power. She mu*t havcarmresand aiiavy iide(iualc to uu.'c the br;'. of our reluctance to catch and returnitJos Lasi would have to stand out In the cold afterlanguape by proves actlytheoppositeofhisassertions. IneveryInstance in the Constitution where slaves are referred to at all,the test of truth—the standard of ami ol theni nothing to which they are entitled,—we principle pub-that dreadfulr.x,sytii!rFt; ov thi south.f)icufugitiveslaves. [Applause.] ButcertainlytheyUc duty. There can be nothing in this sectionality, then, which should influence the conductMarch But Baksr— 4,1861,of an citizen, or prevent his independeulpostertiic onlyresources for such an undr-riak- it isiiuitecommon to speak of tin' tiouthItdy deters many from joining in this attempt to prevent raises colli n which all the world must have, Air.objectionof tilt ni of no lonstilutionalrecover no more slaves after disunion than beforeline their ''roniicrs with troops, and thus prevent hat, stand theto another consiileraiion whichtoThe.smiles, except whea ftileiirive —we do them no in-efiicrgCiCy.proba-testifygeneral Repubh- the Douglas facelakes W* tuaiit L* of his wtisattion in our history. Ttie controversy in regard to it, [Laughter and applause,] Now, 1 think a great many bushels of wheat. So u-h*2t this rtjuntry has ^ot to spare degrading to those upon whom they are designed togoes back to the ver>- earliest efforts at union for the good men^velieve in this disimion ghost and 1 don't IS the ;lakj ellcct.I am anxiousffnnge by which yi/ii ascertain the vulu- common defence. The demand for equably among think it will be time entirely wasted to look it in the liustry."m-oftts[Applause.)to see thissteamonthat he isnow pack-m the Southern States that their slaves should not betaxed, because they were persons and not property. ambition of the large ones,—constituted tlic main dif- fiightened by it and how far It should swerve us from tical purposes. Mr. V ancet then proceeds to apjviy it accordance with the Con-stltution or not. [Applause.] 1 button-holed half a -score of men who were calm And (he three-fifths clause came into the Constitution ficulties which our fathers encountered iu carrying what our judgment tells us is the path of duly, (Ap- to measuring the yearly accumulation of^thc nation at 1 desire to knew whether this Government is in the enough when asked not to answer witli three cheers, ^iiainst the wishes of the South, because at the outset forward the war of the Revolution. State Equality plau.se.) large. He hnds that this country exported last year hands of a majcrlty of the people or whether it is to tell me why they were so delighted with Bakib's the qoestlon was one of taxation, and they regarded then, was conceded as a mutter of necessity. So. too, Very much of this talk of dl.sunion is purely for products of her domestic industry to the amount of held by the minority. [Applause.] I desire to know are of theirtheir slaves not as taxable property, but as persons in the Confederation which preceded our present form effect. It is intended to accomplish a purpose. As I i2<!7,392,0Wi, The sum, therefore, measures the sur- whichjs strongest.—whichis supieme.—the American election, and here specimensthe States,—the jealousies of the small States, and the face, and see precisely to what extent we ought to be Very well. TlUs rule is sufficienUy accurate for pr:ic-can people have a right to elect a President, in strictwhomby the South—and has been adroitted by Mr. Ya5C1v call of a Convention to form a new Constitution, Del- tion of the government. Whenever thev have a hard to anahze this Eum—andhe finds that of the whole than note.each State had an equal vote with have already showntheir faculty of labor was less. Indeed, It is admitted every other, and when the se\er8l Stales united In the with llie South, and has been from the very founda- necessities, for that year, Mr, Yancet then proceeds shall never hafe a better time to test this question natured, shrewd, brave, papular man alive, and heit is a favoritehimself—that the Fathers did not hold the opinions of aware refused to go into Convention unless it were point to carry tliey carry it by tlu-eats. They secured amount the North exported only about $118,000,000,government,you,argumentSlavery now maintained in the Southern States. 1 first stipulated that the doctrine of State Eiiuality twenty years' immunity for the Slave-trade in that including ice ; while the South exported over .Now, tfcrr s «ne more to which I shall refer. pointBecause lite Colonel Is one of theConvention at Montgomery, Ala,, In 1858, in which he you see, is older than the Union ;tself. [Laughter.] in regard to Slave representation in that way. They thus exported nearly twice as much as ttie North, and tliat we are waging an unconstitutional war upon the licans in the Union, He was bom In En|^and, •*.*have'in my hand a speech made by Mr, Yancey, in a should not be Infringed upon. The threat of disuniou, way. 1 hey forbid an amendment of the IJonstitution J200,0fl0,000, Including hemp. [Laughter.] The South It is urjicd by our opponents, and believed by many,contended for a reopening of the African .Slave -trade, It became necessary, therefore, to define that doctrine pa,«sed the Compromise measures of 1850 by that ar-Is therelore nearly twice as rich.This is all very plausible. But it is not sosousdeet Repub- bistitutions of Uie South :—that the Republican Parly has to hold himself to prevent becoming an AhoU-and after leferring to tac sentiments of Jati'iRsos, in the Constitution,—to point out how far, and In what gumentare nowand Wasuihoton, Masison and Moneoe, added " the election of aconclu- L- ho.stile toThen 1 the States should be equal under the new respects,sive as Itappearsto be, from thetrifling circum-tauceSlavery— direct andpromotea glorious fellow, hell snake right of a South Carolinian,Stateto »ts size orre- there is a population, and then to a certain inat the South who are,devotes &uage, tlie constitutionalthe Fusion, and had staked sub^ feelaboutltcntiUed number more, in proportion toNew-York has two Delaware ha.s two also on theNew-Yorkhas3aNorthern hostility to Slavery, that look se-able qrop he can raise,does he do with It ? He ?can^nmoitreeLa\tl?it. lHleflc^a^nSnoltcarries Oregon again, ^eAdher tomore, or three In all, because hernotthink that the all. But it Is not all surplus—for his expenses havetion entitlesthem, whilesuch anothingto be as gainedyetpayhiswhosesole method of and protectingina President, therefore, by tireby menaces oFdisimlon, and therefore,Uiem ?fill coaUUon or conspiracy,5?5"'.?*??°',?«'"TMJ>ennanenayU reaching San Fr«ict«>0its popuIaUon. electoral votes as a State, and""••,holdingon this wholemore, 3S In all,likaeltyhirdclasswhoofwho Constitution, mamtamlngandforUksoui^sameground—andthencession asAnd there is revolt at the'»"* Cahforma is oldbecause her popula- Delaware has but oneprofessexclusive champions of theanyhow,?«>''«!''>'.the electionmay possiblypaid thoseExtravagant assome of these reason?the States through any neglect ofwho, Impression which;its abo- tionlst. But he's suchtheyRepublican President, and tosay that the old fogies of that day entertained opinions form of government which was to be established, and mote the extension, the increase and the perpetuation that Mr, Yancit forgot to apply to it the principle Slates. If I believed the to be true, I shouldoutsecond class of men conviction and from instinct,is it with the cotton ? planterHeendeavoring to prevent pro-and intends tounlawful means, in the Southerntion, their wealth or size. In the House of And yet I have no doubt that there is, in the South- wheat. He takes enough of it to mill to supply his State fordenounced as Because he's the see,their Kep-'cneignanypurposegotequal distinctness and certainty, that they should voteandUnion and the formation of a Southernand whatever else he and to rai.--e needs,money to pay his workmen. After he has this':'.according to their that States shouldtinctlyconsciously,of thegoods,cy of able, energe'ac, ambitious men, who aim, dis-of il to a home market to buy the groceries, the dry-of that party, a man commanding Intellectual abiU-fiveat theshould not It is a small party, but it understands theof unsized of and t>', integrity, unspotted;Thus but who, nevertheless, have so exaggerated a fear of slaves to raising cotton, bCeTcau-se It iIs the most profit- himbut who see denouncing it, whileHe it exportspeople,duty—anv unforeseen contingencv.—;my success- menacesmlivconvey. This,itseemstome,accord- York. Mr,Yakcxtwentonto tellyouthathebuysall the for hisslaves—their shoes, thefr hats, their clothingSlavery. [Applause.) You teULiKOOUi has deiar^ffiS^this cSvera- people urged^best information I canaffected parUes, the people should fail to elect a pTesertation of the public sentiment of the South on" »" °ne thing or aU thethetnAon oi dis- ing to thePresidem. ilaughler.l then tfie state.i were to the subject of disunion.obtain, is ajustre-blankets—all the plows, and hoes, and agricul- n.tie; '~'?^IL"'"fvJ*«TM« ^fy meetings to do it-thence byOverla^routestepstodispelthosecrop. By drawing againsttwetheyit isi.how_ouldUEe It. poweTfor the inoreaw and|Ij IIIenough not only to preserve peace at home, but to force, btit upon consent for its efficacy, no law can bequarreling.CAI^lFORM.\ AND OILEUON.CoBvenUonfpr the eeine have taken almilarweightuponour andcTvlIlzaUonathome. makeproperty,itissaid,theFederalConstitutioQ sayonthe7thofNovembernext—Wednesdavofnext tialtoitssupport?NotbyaTariff,forshebelieves perishifSlaveryis TheRaBolriisaMlMM.ChristianityI confide that the negro may be better ofl' here than Inmust treat as week, for on Tuesday property and protect as property,—andLuoolb,asther verv weU In Free Trade, and all her hopes of dlvertiug com-wronc.that Slavery 7. wroaar. but that ourwouldbe better ofl' still in my parlor, or In yours, than onaeotton plantation at the South.respect injurious and noports open to the trade of the world. Well, then, she must raise the money liy direct taxation, and upon whom wouldConstltuuonasEepubllcan Party when it shall have been addeved, we shall havegreat difficulty is toget any one State to uke the lead. Faith in each supposethey took ? This—that slavesparties are formed and in the alreadypeouUar insUtution, [Applause.]events that InCharleston, as well as in New-Orleans,It is easy to see where the movementparty which is In favorMississippi ha.s a ten-dollar bill on the Bank of publican Administration, will carry the day. That is genera! anarchy and confusion as the means of ena-Contention as tlie issue oferal Union will grow and strongerit continueoperation of the local law which made them a legal try, for the escape of pent-up "and explosive wrath, as suppliesthe law which gave it that faculty, is legal tender forthese Disunion threats, [Applause and THE SAIETT VALVES.KLEPAUGB, from Aspinwall Ihe 26th nit., arrivedat this port yesterday morning.laughter,]creased—that it ought to be carried Into the territories, and there offer them in payment of debt. Could the Well, now, every day that Convention the Fed- cotton crop. But that has afready grown to Its pres-** ic;tlergeneral concurrence sentiment, es- that," says the Misslssippian, is unjust to me. with Europe, The object was a very simple one. A "War once commenced between the North and thelot Sanpecially throughout the North and West, that Slavery That discriminates against my State. Mississippi Northern merchant would accomplish it In a wesk, by South, our entire agricultural labor would be neoMsa- had arrived at Lota and proceeded on her voyage.And wh^ the other clausp—the fifth article rope,inwith Eu- to arvirt thecjfcrd labor necessary toits cultivation fromhave beaa The British Protectorate over Panama had as-—of the and resolute hostility to that extension. It Ls the only mitted to take my note, and if one is received as a le- Butult., anticipated by overiand mail.theyeveryWhy then do gal tender the other must be also, t>ecau8e It is so held on that subject hasthereceived in the State from which I came, what would'•;You did not bring your local laws gives you the power to do it, bring your gold Into thehas ended as preciselydilficullybe the reply ?THE ACCUTATION OF SKCTIO.VALISM AGAI.\3T TUB with you, Ckangr your bill into gold, where the law bursting of the baQoon and the escape of a great deal "friends?" Ills verj-weU to say that the whole world the Unitedit is becauseus as a sectional party. They see the Republican is refused admission, but only the paiiicular form the practical means of establishing It, not ten men Party confined mainly to the Northern States, They which your local law has given it [Applause.] the Convention can be foimd to agree, and the longerplace,they regardbeen arrested them. byAU these are plain matters of history which it would are told we have no votes at the South, and that in the Take one more illustration of this same point. You ihey discuss the project, the more widely do they dif- tience will permit me to dwell upon them, [Cries of ish force was withdrawn from the Isthmus.be anlnsult to Mr. Yahcet's understanding to suppose event of our success the South can have no represen- know that lotteries were once permitted In all the fer. [Applause,] " Go on," ic] The South will pause long beforethat be did not know, I am driven to the conclusion, tation in the Executive Department of the General States, Now they are tolerated only in a part of the Now, when the Southern Disunion Convention they make up their minds to discard the protection oftheraCore, that when Mr. Yakcit attempted to fasten Government. To a certain extent this is true, but States and arc excluded In the rest—the matter being meets, the first question will be, whether they shall Slavery which the Federal Constitution affords them.upon Massachusetts and the other Northern Colonies, not wholly. We have support in several of the South- regulated wholly by local law. In Georgia a man dissolve the Union at all. Well, upon that point, I That Constitution guarantees them against invasion that the route is impracticable for a railroad. the rmponsibility of having continued the Slave-trade ern States, and in near!)- all of them there are t!iou may invest a hundred thousand dollars, in a lottery, think they will have some difficulty in reaching a har- from abroad and Insurrection at homeand we of theuntil Is06, he committed a conscious and intentlanal sands who substantially agree with us in sentiment. and it becomes proptrfy within the limits of that State. monious conclusion. 1 have no idea that Vcw-Ot- North—of aU patties—stand ready to fulfiU these Tl;e news from the South Pacific States is in-perMnion of the facts of history, c.A.pplause,]BlifMr, Yaitost goes on to from the prove\islnB-«f the Constitntion that our fatUers in that in- struiaant recognized, intentionally and carefully,But whose fault Is it that this has become a sectional Ifhe brings his Ictterj- into New-York and attempts leans will surrender the River, which stipulations and give them the—pro- crease of Slavery V because the South united —the law of New- York treats him as a criminal.protection they may portant.Southernproved,Professor Lowe's attempts tobut it would be brief. He would speedily return. tniiMljtaci by his verffoes."cross the Atlantic in a balloon have ended,-i« tJie^W"«"-^^'^>^""1^»'figureswon't let themalone. But them in the hands of a sklUftil sophist, like Mr, things. Disunion ceases to be YAiickT,and the ninfdlgitscan t>e made to teU moretralment,respectiveknowledgetween Slavery and FreedaB,«ltlioat reortte coa sUtutlonal llmitatioiu, are the OarrtsmdanUts, and Mr. CuaiM (XiOeMBVri the aAeatvrwon't,ifpoUUcaHacUon of the North Ues tban aU the letters of the alphabet, or all theupon the Uon as oUierperior to those of the North as they are sometimesdure and It ougkt not teeiriar^Bhamir•-em Stales slaves enjoy a and a very consider- partialable exemption from taxation. The lueqUAlity ofthisIs felt In several of the States. In alreadyseverelyand North for It has led Virginia Carolina, example.from those districts whereU ttoBu** [Applause.]^cSnrse^SSaSf«£?to very seriouswithout tresnassbig upcoanuse forighu of ur mS^ giring any just alarm to any •ectlaaor any Interest—we shall withdraw thequiredand arethey demanding a of the basisIn that State joinSouthCarolina.Athirdpartvdeclares to respect,Ahvery unpleasant gas. [Laughter,] The Conven- must tut; cotton or suffer; but it is equally frue thatsumed an offensive character.States Na\-y having refused to recog-tions start with a unanimous declarafion Innize the of the authoritycussion ofproperty? Wouldn't there soon be anom theBrooklyn,able to devqte their labor and the brig E. Drvmmond, for New-Tork,"Convention that has been tiie growth ofgrain. King Cotton would have to be de-butbut what would meantimebecome of hisSo^ral officers ofhe subject, saysthis subject in a Southern Convention would bring to light, but neither my time nor your pa-the whole cotton crop of the South. I do not believe vasion ? It was not Mr. Clat, the United States Minister to Per*, Gov. Wise nor the militia ofSimplyfirst in/avor of it. In 1848 you remember Mr, Wns- pose he goes into a Territory and makes the same at- Louisiana will surrender the one cent a pound protec- Virginia, It was the marines from Washington, had sent in his ultimatum in respect to the Ameii-of the "oppressive and tyrannicalwas tn be property tlie moment it jias^ed beyond the boun- to te cut off from the commerce of the same Missis- ^'ate. The South complain that we do not return dent Castilla theRepub-Federal Govern-posite., ^be representation of property in any form because the South, up to that time, had not daries which limited the operation oi the local law sippi,—or that Kentucky will consent to be the breast- ...fir fugitive slaves. There is truth in the.com-Minister to remain and reopen negotiations. The Lima journals are in fa- government excludes it. It is a Government of the united and determiried purpose to make that right r is he, tijerefore, denied access to the "Terri- lliat Virginia will join a C;onfederacy the leading ob- say that I think we ever shaU return them vor of the whole matter being intrusted to the l/ai-finds no place in our Constitution. Our system of openly manifested to the whole world her which created it. But is he. therefore, deprived of his work for the extreme South against the North, —or \i.ml;and I cannot, in candor andfairness,peopitfnxnl Eot of property; and tlie very tact that extension the aim ot^ all her efforts. Her en- tories with his property? Not at all. He Is s mplv ject of which is utterly to destroy the value of her ne- ill any considerable numbers, or to any great extent. ted States Supreme Court. slavtfs arc permitted to be represented at all. proves croachmeuts up to that time, and even later, had reqi'ired to convert It into something which is prop- groes by deluging the South with fresh supplies from Ui.ouestlonably tlie Constitution enlitles them to theirpretences of another erty by the Constitution or the common law,—and the coast of Africa. AU these considerations, andbut there Is an Invincible The American sliip Lucy L, Hail, ofBoston, had repugnance inbeen cloaked underAnd the language of the section woich Mr, Yakcit character. Texas had been annexed on the plea that then he is entitled to its enjoyment. Let him sell his many more that might be mentioned, will constitute the heart of every man, worthy the name. North or been partially burned in the harbor of Cailao.thatthey are regarded not as propertv, but as persons.sv.rrcnder,—quotes designates them expressly as persons. By wtiat the defence of the nation required lier accession. 'The lottery In Georgia where it is property,—and take the formidable obstacles against reaching even a general Softh, to lay lianas on a free man and remand him to right, therefore, or on what ground does he assume compromise measures of 18W were passed from an proceeds to the Territory, and the Federal Govern- assent to the policy of disunion. But suppose they hopeless and perpetual bondage. [Loud applause,]plausible—what next ?culiar kind of property was the only kind that wag And through all these movements the South had been [Applause.] Then come up certain grave questions as to the —and would not if we could. [Applause.] Every The news from Central America isthat tbey were regarded as property, and that this pe- apprehension that the South woulddissolvethe Union, ment will protect him in holding it when he gets there, agree upon thisWefeci the impulse and cannot resist it if wewould,permitted to be represented in the Federal Govern- more or less divided on these issues, and had main- Now the case of a slave is precisely parallel. The means of maintaining this new confederacy, A sepa- man ef generous thought in the South understandsunimportant ment ? tained its distinct political parties. But in ISM, when Misslssippian cannot carry with him into the territo- rate national existence is an expensive luxury. Es- this malic- perfectly, and knows well enough that Costa Rica is tranquil. The death of Walkes hav- But " I show," said Mr. YAjfciv, " this Slave- the re]'eai of the Missouri Compromise was brought ries that which is property only because the local law I>eciall> if that nationality is to rest upon an idea Noitbern men wUl not enter with or efficien- ing diverted the attention of these frombut he is not, there- which the whole civilized world holds in abhorrence, cy on the odious—ate every Senator from a slavebolding State, with tiie fore, denied tlic right to il. Let him convert his slave iiiiist It provide for all the contingencies of war with fugitive Sluves, The South must make its mind to foreign invasion,commenceforeign powers of placing themselves ii:ider the pro- oi.e side. W e have our causes of complaintlection of France or of England. There is no power against them, quite as valid and as formi.iable as Election of Col. Baker to the Senate—Or«seatheirs agai,.st us. We have a Constitutional rightintiuther to aiail ourselvesupon terms equivalent to Its complete subjugation. ccme bai;k. [Laughter.] They would not allow itswe should be excusable for not fia slaves in her own West India Colonies,—would ccurtinga v. citation of Wide-Awakes, with their the vacant place of Delusion S«Tn, there came lash-of Itismiiun. Vancev sang this songlIlc Union. lApjjlausc.] Perhaps tliey tear the ex-r.ei"". That olijectii-n will not be lessened certainly broadened Into an Irrepressible grinIt is the fearthe appreUfn-sjon that the South may consider gress of his crusade tn defence o Slavcrj' throui^n tiicSlavery,oitriumph during all liie pro- Igravevery from the Territories of our common Union. The longersafe, and that they may, therefore, fulfill their richer than the North because it exported a murh Now these are .some of the rea'ons which lead me the story was not issued till S o'clock. Then theerty in the ^oioror service of a personson himself caimot be property. [Applause.] Andthis distinction was clearly and carefully maintainedin the Constitution, through all its provisions, by theframers of that instrument. Mr, Yancxt must be are equal imder the Constitution ;—and we must hold won't do it," tc] Very well. 1 don't think examine that points little,—for It is one thatls con- overwhelniiiip; majority of the Southern people to the Wide Awakes planted the big gun on Telegraph IBU, aware of the fact that when this article of the Consti- the institutions of the one to be just as good, just as they will, and 1 believe very many are de- stantly thrown in our face, and I presume il has mi^'- settled conviction that every evil which they now ex- and with 200 discharges ripped out 200 series of echoe* tuti:^ waj> imder consideration, the word "servitude" rightful, legitimate and moral,—just as promotive of terred from acting upon their honest convic- led some persons *nto the belief of the superior wealth perience would be infinitely aggravated by thai Dis- from the distant hill-sides. Down on Stewart-street in the or'ginal draft was struck out, and "service" human happiness, as those of any other. Any distinc- tions of public duty by this apprehension. It may of the Southern States, If it will not trespass, there- union which is proixised as a retnedy, [Applause.] VI barf a citizen hisunanimously insetted, "the former,'* as Mr, Madison tion between thcin, in this respect, is an impeachment not be very creditable to their moral courage, but it fore, too much uj^on >uur patitncc, I wiU give it a lit- Theiefore, 1 think they will not dissolve the Union, explodedsays, "being thought to express the condition of of their equality, and degrades those against which It is creditable to their sensibility and to their regard for tle attention, 1 see nolhirg, therefore, in this threat of Secession more. The Wide Awakes, MO strong, paraded the slava«,aod the latter the obligation of free persons," obtains. Now . the iiustitutions of a State denend upon the Union and the public peace. Now I think there Mr, Yancet begins by laying down the rule of polit- »hioli should deter any man from voting precisely as city with banners, -torch lights and music, firing Ro- Doaa-Wf look like an Intent to regard slaves as prop- its laws. And certainly there is nothing in the Con- is quite as much courage and good sense in facing a ical economy, by whicii the annual increase of any his judgment dictates,—from joining the Republicans man candles and rockets as;per-theirconstitutional rights, when we thus exclude Sla-told the people elsewhere, tliat the South was uiucliet/vality of the States is put forward as the ttireats of secession if the principleshare of its domestic" to believe tliat a Sonthern[Cries Convention, or Southernpre- demonstration were hurried up. Thespare Joy in 100 gtinselect awhich forbids our thus restricting it. All the States President. [Cries of " We have no fears," " They " he did."] A\ ell. now, it may be worth our while to di.seu.-sion on this subject in any form, will lead an parationspeopleRepublicanlaIperproduce,yes."for atheywent. "TheCentral kept the sky tall of "golden fleeces," and Thejbare not represented In Congress as property, but those ol another. Each State judges for itself, and does not believe in ghosts is entitled to no credit for Its, -ten intis.stti's, is t/if iiunsure of the liicrr.axe'ojits very. [.\pplan3e.] But more than this. I think that showers of gold," with their sheila. A meeting waserty in Alls praviaion ? The fact Is, they are nowhere stitution which requires us to pronounce tiie laws of danger, assuming it to be real, as in sneering it out of regazded or spoken otin the Constitution as property. one State to be as just, as good, and as beneficent as your thoughts and denying its existence. A man whocommunity in wealth is lobe measured, lie saysandvotingtomakeAbkahahLikcolkPresident,Ifhe'*Now the amount a nation cunannunlli/ ^an from dqsiresto stop the extension and the increaseto therefore, do all that, the amoanc and meu.^ure of his accumuiation is only worth ^thtWilsos, the Old Whig threats so insolent on their of New-Hampshire—Land Commissioner—who hasbis whole and the labor of his plantati„o„n„„ „,.,»_.=.. ,North, becHuse siiehiscan face was wreathed ina tone of commentnecessity. manufacturefromitthe heneeds. Hecan- i"S^e"^•o'^e^r7aS^ert^""^"ftJ2S!s^«Sclothing family expenses out of It.to be theroinistraUonyou bet the sorriest man to-dayHow has heBy borrowing money on the credit of his in- extension of humanseem, the believed in them. Col. BAaaa pro-:Club of Sla- "'|itural implements of every kind—th^ pork the negroes ^ ies'no i5S^^*f"^'° true,-andfor to Mr. Libool.> de-I am prepared, moreover, to sec a movement eat, and nearly all the supplies of the plantation, from fiTM^?, .fi**?.4 Imputing anyail the way, just beforetach Stateniiubt be itsthus f uiiiji.,:j by x \o^ of p.jwer :jr f«Uit.s t j ^,'oiai ic scva:ii of ti.e Southera'Slatesare so far comrai'.ted t:n;a(eth? s—^^ius Mr. Yancit stated the aggre- in "ii the In the vcr> same senteme lieUntitled Documentby Ui.'iniou. 'was dubious anda coffin-lid. The evening paper that most fully toldOOKRCION OF NO AVAIL.:Francisco,Light from Sea;siirh a bead of Lincolnquestion tested, 1 wish to know whether the Ameri- ing his saddle-bags to stump the State.plus of the country, over and above the supply of its Constitution, or American Slaverv. We Because Ned Bases is the most social, genial, good- (Applause,)'STATE RIGHTS.makes about the best .speech, full of fun and pith aad hits.and the Pacific Railroad ander in Monroe County raises a thousand bushels of which words can iranie. I find the in.asiun of a wov- to the California heart, an eloquent advocate.of all the expenses his farm out of his crop, he sends ail his and in all his and power to declarations,Republicaa.smen in Caltfomia. HcDodoal and scYcral otherDouglas men here had sent up their protestofwas provided by the Constitution that the people and rence of a proper opportanity, to coerce the many ures his profit the year. And that is the case all disclalmg in the most emphatic and Impressive lan-theelectionofaPresidentthe Slates into or acquiescence of its thinkgoesdutyof iij-ojiponeiits tuconsist»"-«<""« °>'S*'ty neirsuch— — yearsoff.short term—for don't you are worth a twelve monthIdiophaving talked worthy gentleman,Ucianswhichhe "Iftension into the Territories or.to make the large slaveholders ean Slave-tradf, CApfMaaB.! -IU* la Oe purpose—changethe t^reopening Afit-The result of themus between Bocas del Toro and AspinwaU, provesTherevolution in Bolivia had beensup-attempted pressed.wasglory enough for one day to know that " "addressed— them Gen. amongAmerican survey of the Isth-thelooked Likelying low for a few years back, uut who has gotthe affectionsBecause, at last, the PacUc coast has got a man InI.^^c(^^Jearrytnjanswers:takes aboutAdoes CaU.-.- Y^*^^www.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 