 THE QOEmOl Of TEE DAT.4nomiatahsnitheobjectoflanguagelikethia*.Tea •testedh*awithcometwelveortares* thiw^*^"***} toeathwiraeeaad,l,»0J»0; then their third, M^OM.iapofuat latter* for theNational lea in Coaptw,organisation certainly to the Caucasian race, and probably to him the Northerner or European. Worst ef all is usu-Honal opposition to the extension of human slavery cult first to check atavery, aad then to and it without any think of defending their liberty; thence comes the to every other, and that he ta wanting in natural capacity ally the Northern abolitionist with his hired aervaato. tn dwvTtca and to its existence where the Nation- bloodshed. I think this cannot be done now, nor ever in free soil party, thence the republican party—tt con for freedom. He begins by treating them luce white neopte he appeal*•••i• • • ! ^O*atgovernment isresponsible for xt. lb this posi- the future, allthegreat charters ofhumanity have templatesnodirect benefittotheslave,onlythe defencetion i shall adhere mt* inflexible firmness, and been writ la blood, f once hoped that of American de- of the white man in his national rights, or his conven-tohile 1 abhor slavery and pity the lot of the bond- n»cracy would be engrossed la less costly Ink; but tt ia tional privileges. It will grow Stronger every year, andTo these concluMooe they have heea led by investiga- to their reason and to their interest. B a t Ignoring abate tion of the condition of the negro la Africa, by his history the characteristic tailings aad good qualities of the Afri- in St. Domingo, ia the British West India Islands, and ta can, ha i* wanting ia IsmaflmkBSS for the one aad aaAJBOLITION1S1I IH I H S HORTHStates*!* local, not national, and that o u r appealsSea, wherein Pharooh will g o under and perish. Alas I that we are not wise enough to be just, or just enough to be wise, aad so gam much at small cost.work its measures on; the principles will be found to r e - quire much more than what was at first proposed, aad even from this platform republicans will promptly see that, ,—r-t*..you had a*Mt«i*ted my name wita the seoti- MAE OEVELOPEMENTS OF TREASON,tueat that it was "the iight and duty of the Northtoinciteslave*toresistance,"andwhenasked by Mr.Brown in respectful language,numberofslavestosecuretheirftoedoatt»yviJ*uoewin fkarlyshowbowdeepisthesympathyofthe &>£***itr^AD.,therewillbetwentymillionslave*!"Aa Anglo Saxon with common aease does not like this AfricaoisaUou of America; h o wishes the superior race tomultiplyratherthantheinferior. Besides,itisplaintoa on-eyedmanthatslaveryiaanirreconcuabl*enemyof theprenrcaahedevelopementofdemocracy;that,ifal-**Stt2e early days of this republic slavery was waiver-sallyrecognisedaaanevil,whereof,Indeed,thesuddenabolitionmightprovearemedyworsethanthedisease,butofwhichthegradualexUtiguiahmentwasdesiredaadC. Wright* o f Haffek.•**•"IE!. T1S0WIB PiUB.'S liitfESTO.HESIliGSUi TO VICTO* H.4.O.anattempt"todeprecatethefrownesodhtrtfea of aaprimingforthepopularcaunoa;itisalreadyfM**» Of ooorie, I was artaemnJshod to heat: shmaaliattempt the insoleut lords of the lash." Thischarge is base bad teen mace to free the slaves in a certain paft flTJlr-for theslaveholders isjust|BO much takaa from the'tooTat tbis-tber* are twenty Southern Represonla —an, and yet the fifteen freemen. SUvverrglvwthe South the same advantagejn the choicerested in the question, than by Nertfcera men They that i a Africa slavery sawvatls, as it has Pfeaaitedifrosa remote agea, to an extent which the exportatna o f atavea•aataaonmiaa 4*) ^ ^ ^ r mshe Oats*aadaadthailb*led t t r ^ a t m a .toedefence,as,toad, tbe Fmalk 1«gaWUnion,ibywartotaoaethi••SBmchiditgeven: tbe most greriea people and the i pursued by ourTwenty miena iraa ef dollars voted by the pi ta their cetoa*theseoperative a curqrhtab atone atvmost b e addressed, not t o "the slaves to resist their beaator WUMK'I Reply to jHe«ry C. masters,"nottoarmedinvasions,buttothe reason, the heart and conscience of our countrymen o f t h e South, upon whom rests the fearful responsibilityLook,now,atatownotoriousfacts:— theycannotdefendthenaturalrightsoffreemenwithoutWslatmt.NATTCE, Masa, Dec. ST, 1359.I. There are four million slaves in the United States destroying that slavery which takes away the natural violentlywbttbeldfromtheirnaturalrighttolife,lib- rightsofanegro. So,first,thewiseandjustmenoftheerty,and thepursuits ofhappiness. Mow, (1)theyare parlywillsympathise withsuch aaseektoliberatetheThe cultivation of the Egyptian, of the Persian, of the the Southern whites can have no intention of enGreek, of the Cartbagenian, of the Roman, aad of the cipatiag their negroes. The belief that sudden Arab,havelefthimwhattheyfoundhim,abarbarian, cipationwouldberuin,insurrectionaadbloodshed,would of itself deter all from such a step. A minority, perhaps even gradually a majority, at the risk of or at the sacrifice of their own interest, might have favored gradual enfranchisement. T h e coavictua now universally entertained (the growth of recent years), that whilst the white man would be ruined the negroweeokmtee.i eaaatageof wh* •anon, whilat it years,aotwKhet whilst the siavtlaixtyjV carry heavy fathera klly onof a o ah* colored pas T et, are lees t*•Bto sacrifice, a thatlhei mtroducedBat, air, the States, en the | expenditure, a* mwbnrisof poo tneratMuoaal oa the whole n aot all Atlei the colored pThia,avoid,whether aenaatioD tohii aaduatry nor i starve or be acrop and of i estimated at t ofdellaraen the mostera bear, would fa BatatioaandoiY et these i majority of tni •ases earning i about two thirateofhumanc aad the subabt tabDcs, once tt waa m&gnifici dered whatthi tabor, you ma] eratempr* Oo •able has beei only wrth tbe tea*ofmillion! taLgwd to ion producenow utter oaappeilooms, the f works, the mi mncmerable oae night,to cat occteiona iheseveranoTo Great Bi export an an the sod of thi One* of thai i produce oftt directly, ems destruction o at thelowest bun and a hi ««caaion UB countryand toe Southernef ihehunaz amity doubleButwhen U of them as it the cost of t the emaLciM uoo of tbe H fnct'r So;to winter frostcrop, and w) of industry aoeeeceed of toenegroti than the hor climate couli txbnctKiii of Matesortiv must fromti teavmg at it b« race x tlnory.You may IPet. tir. bet Ucii. if yo..r eclrapped 1 harmlessly, j.tactsL.i' by bundrt afford to *T you e a w.ldero you be blar gvo,w:th t powers aad a climate t be might vRecent la sang knowi bv*mldleiedhertevi WiU yor—igririon tad aad syTcremc beyond to a man eat koaof thiIf that ap, a wot wherew't a* ship h iI have, vta that' toons, an< Sne.and the wealtMR.HBHEYC.WBWHT-BIB—Omi: mywayto Waaaington I read your letten to Jobs Brown and Gov. Wise, concerning a resolution passed at a meeting tn this town, to the effect that "it U theourfellowcountrymen—youraandminejustaamuch alaves.eitherpeacefullyorbyviolence;next,theywill ing "to throw a glamour in the eyes of Southern as any four million white men. Of coarse, you and I declare their opinions in public; and, finally, the wholea savage or a slave.Since the Declaration of American Independence, leftSenatestandbymywordsandactsathome.Mr,stavestoCanada,evenattoeexpenseofahuh*TM*^°? and bloodshed, the majority of m en ia N«W( England would haw rejoiced, not only m MMend, butateo m u»ea,r means.Thefirstsuccessfulattempt,pfat»»£*f*V}8.COO.SO0;thentheaixth.19,200,000. Beforetheyear thentselTea2dutyboundtofollowIt. Itissimplythia.metby a tarthe Southern whae population was atagstarty modified b y these coaaidarattoua:—* tratly, that it waa eooa after as- certainedthattheremainderofthegangfromwbaeathesenegroe*wereselectedwtfsacrificedatabarbarto funeral,astheywoaMhavebee*etnothvooghttolam UnitedStates;thattorhairtoevalueofanegroiatowright and duty of the North to incite slaves to re- that the "masses of the North are in sympathy withsistance, and to aid them in i t 9 la your letters Brown and his deeds." That the people of the ral claim on us, or from our natural dutv towards them.to himself in Hayti, with the advantage of a large number of highly educated half breeds t o direct him, you know the savagery into which he has relapsed. Hard ly has theyou saythat "although a United States Senator anda United States Postmaster were present, yet not avoice was raised against itbythem nor byanyoneelse.'' Iwas surprised and pained at this act of in- of his invasion of Virginia l do not forreadily enough and do the work by removing the cause of insurrection—». e., by destroying slavery itself.THB ABOLITIONISTS SOON TO CONTROL THB FHDEUAL GOVHKNKKNT.An anti slavery party, under one name or another, will before long control the federal government, and will ex- ercise i t s constitutional rights a n d perform its constitu- tional duty, and "guarantee a republican form of govern-Geftrard (said to be a bright exception to his race), when you have a hideous sample of Haytion civilization in the unprecedented murder of hit unoffending daughter.In the West India Ialands, the free negro has rich lands, a congenial climate a n d protection against self-imposed despotism or slavery. In Canada and in the free States of the North h e is surrounded by highly civilized majorities, who extend to him countenance, sympathy and aid. Y e t what is everywhere the result? Left to himself, he fallsjustice on your part, this wanton fttempt to placeMO in a false position before the- country, a positionin sympathy with a doctrine my heart and judg-ment alike condemn. Sir, when you referred to mein your letters, you knew that 1 h a d n o sympathywhatever with the sentiment, that"it is the right one who did not regret and deplore it. And in thia and duty of the North to incite slaves to resistance State, and in this town, where you declare thepeople approve o f Brown's lawless act, I have m e t and to aid them in it." When | o u associated m y few, very few indeed, who approve that a c t M y name with the action of yourself and a few •onviction is, that while the people of Aladxachu-otherpersonsinthat meetingwhogeneral- settsarenearlyunanimous inUieirsympathy for Die fate of Brown, and in the admiration of hisyon were doing an act jof injustice, thatUixon s line clear to Canada; the only tunnelling will b ein the slave States. Northern men applaud the brave commit the great crimes of violence and robbery attheir " regret and condemnation" of his lawless your words would b e used t o excite, mislead and raid a t Harper's Ferry. Believing this t o b e t h e deceive those already excited, misled and de- sentiment of the people of Massachusetts andofceived. Y es,sir, you knew those words would the North, 1have so stated in public and in private.1 may b e mistaken in m y views, but I feel confident placemeinaiaiaeposition—thattheywouldbe thatIamnot.IfIammistaken,ifthetimeui*d to inflame the passions and the prejudices of has cenie when the liberty loving and lawconductors of that locomotive or liberty.NORTUtKN ABMIBATION POK A NIGOEB STEALER. When Ihomas Garrett was introduced to a meeting ofhome, plunder emigrants, engage in the slave trade, or venture o n flllibnstering expeditions. This class or persons is common in all the South. <)aa of the legitimate products of her "peculiar institu- tion," they are familiar with violence and ready and ablethe people of the South against m e and againstthose with whom 1 act, and ajgaiBStthe cause weadvocate. 1 have no words to Characterize this actabiding peop'e o f Massachusetts a r e convinced— as you assume" they are—that " it is the right and duty of the North to incite slaves to resistance and to aid them in it"—that it is the right and dutythe righteous Quaker three times three. A h honestNorthern hearts beat with admiration of such men—nay,Brooks was but one o f their representatives in Congress. Now-a-days they are fond of Slavery, defend it, and seekof personal unkindnesa and of wrong towards one of Northern men to gather'in armed bands to invade who has never wronged you. j slaveholding States " t o incite slaves t o resistanceThia is what they conceive that abolitionism eitherp- burn and kill. Prudent carpenters sweep up all the white man's privileges extends only to the negro, and he rectly or indirectly proposes to force upon them. This*"and to aid them in it"—then I am not the repre- position in the meeting whichi passed your resolu- sentative of their sentiments and opinions. Withinshavings in their shops a t night, and remove this food o f conflagration to a safe place, lest a spark of a candle, tbe end ot a eegar, or a friction match should swiftly end their wealth slowly gathered together. The South takes pains to strew h e r carpenter's shoo with shavings, a n d fill it full thereof. S h e encourages m e n t o walk abroad with naked candles in their bauds and lighted segars in their mouths; then they scatter friction matches on theonly can be, or has ever been, within the Union lawfully held in bondage. He is physically distinguished by fea ture, by thicVnets of the skull, by its covering of wool in - stead of hair, by a peculiar odor, and by a distinctive tissue of the brain when microscopically examined. In bondage he was found by the present generation of Southern white men, having been originally imported b y Spain, under the auspices of the benevolent Las Cases, b ywhatJohnBrownbroughttotheirownthreshold. Tm proposed benefactor ot the negro, they say, I*not oalg the malefactor of the white, but the negro'a worat enemy. Itiacertainthatuptothistimebeha*provedso. Itis not true that the Southern white* have any apprehension of the negro if left to himself. It is the prospective aid and present lhcitation of the white abolitionist which con- stitute for them a danger against which they provide b yWhen called upon in the Senate to explain mytion, 1 did s o without casting jany reflections upon you whohadso wantonly kusrepresented me. Every fair-minded man presenjiat that meeting will admit the correctness of what Psaid in the .Senatethe Union and under the constitution I shall, in t h e futureasinthepast,inpublic andin privatelife, give m y voice and vote for ju9t and peaceful legal and constitutional action against slavery. This UGreeks in their struggle for political freedom (they never<(uite lost their personal liberty), but with the money shosent what was more valuable and far more precious, oneof her most valiant a n d heroic sons, who staid in Greeceto tight the great battle of humanity. Did yo.r friend. Dr.Korih deeply symvathise with the personal attri- butes oj Broum, that they admire the rare htroism of character maiiifested t>y him, no one can doubt, b u t that they approveThere are men In all the Northern States who feel t h e ol'lsgat .on which citizenship imposes on them—the duty to belp those slaves. Hence arose the Anti Slavery Society, which seeks simply to excite the white people to perform their natural duty to their dark fellow countrymen Hence comes Capt. Brown's expedition—an attempt to help b is countrymen enjoy their natural right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. .He sought by violence what the Anti Slavery Societybeing fitted tor a state of unhmitel freedom, bar* evaa the prospect of progressive emaacijtatioh. *Yet to a measure which the South conceives suicidal. Northern and foreign abolitionism attempt to urge u b y three methods. Firstly, through the voluntary action of the white Southern population b y moans of discussion.Secondly, by obtaining through political agitation control of the three branches of the federal legislature aad of the federal executive. with the view of eventually enforciag abolition. Thirdly, by direct foray a n d b y raising t h eFree, surrounded by white civilization, he undergoes negroes tn Insurrection, according to the programme ofa moment believe. Pending th e recent election inNew York, I addressed thousands of people inBrooklyn, Syracuse, Rome, Watertown. Auburn,J JJ«*m -- r- ^ *^fe'^-'^-'iiniiiffi«WHiwB|flNEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1860.-TRIPLK SHEBT..It would ace* " I thtok much of that aftroe if o a W wiakto convey the taapcesaton that 1do not in the he had sacoaeded io raaatag asT ee* or twe IbaosaaeThey are now in the process of doubling the fouth time,toneandmannertoexplainthe matter.IdidsoUtter from Senator Wlbon to Henry by stating the true character of the meeting; and thcm;and howstroafly they embrace the flvt l**""**" lowed to exist, it must be allowed to apread, to gain poHcontemplated. That view w a s more ardently adoptedperhapsbyeminent Southernmen, asmoredeeplyintiv SouththeAfricanchtofco«»radtoseUtheirownkiadred,thisyonarepleasedtodeaounee as"submissive"— Imentione1above. A'littleauccewofthatsort*»"serve tical,socialandeccksiastitalpower; andallthatitgainsand dastardly. Itywords inCongress,duringthe past five years, a r e o n the reeord. That record will show that I have never qualified, disavowed o r re-Kiuia.nor should I bo astonished if another^ "tosurrectoon" or "rolwUam" took place ia thefMe at -*• ,oratiag at oace and without prefjarattan a slave population concentrated in a few States and amounting to about one fifth of the population o f the Union. B u t if they did not think the negroes fit in mats for emancipation, they did not doubt the negro's capacity of being fitted for the ra-evenwheoThatejaortotioa wastoafetdgreater taaa i years. LastiyTbecauae the trade, under another>, but really mow objecttouabto term, at carried o a openly and wholesale by other nation* and notables, a ai traded one word or act of mine out of the Senate.I That record will show that 1 have spoken more private wiU of men, like Capt. Brown and hiaof PreaWnt: consequently the slaveholding South baa long tional enjoyment of freedom. His improvidence and idle- dcr the protection of the imperial flag of FranceI plainly and more severely of slavery and the slave ipower,tothefaceofslaveholders,inthecoarseof d e b a t e , t h a n I h a v e o u t o f t h e S e n a t e b e f o r e s y m -controlled the federal power of the nation. Lo#attherecantactsoftheslavepower! TheFugil i v e S t a v e b i l l , t h e K a n s a s N e b r a s k a b i U , t h e D r e d S c o t tness were supposed to be the aataral reaattof servitude, and itwasbelievedthat, likeotherraoeswhomonpre* BIOU b a d d e b a s e d , h e w o o d w i t h i t s r e m o v a l a s s e r t h t a manhoodandlearntowalkalone.On t h e part of the white Southern pooatat oaexists a large amount of attachment to the negro, freeing b—eT by a patronlaag bat affectionate tomtoartSy Therelatotalabsenceofthatrepugaauce invincibletadecision,thefiUbuateringagainstCuba(stillfoundtoo Eapalaion of Free Negroes from Eathizing throngs. During the past fifteen years I intelligent and moral. Virginia may bang John Brown strong), and now against Mexico and other feeble neigh-eve travelled more than fifty thousand mile* in aad all that family, but she cannot hang the human race; bora, and, to crown all, the actual reopening of the Afri- ArkAMMM. seventeenStales,anddelivered nearlysixhundred anduntilthatiadone,nebtemenwillrejoiceia *•••"» can slave trade! Then consider thecontempt whichaddresses to many thousands of persons. I have ot that oace magnanimous State— 'Sic temper tyratmu I Southern men express far labor.But protracted discussion of thia subject, by the light those not reared WHh or long acquainted wdh him B e of increased investigation and by the experience of sub ia a* acutely seaaitive to the one as to tbe other, and it ia aeqaeat events, has entirely altered these oonvfc- commontotheNorthernfroe8ute«toaeetheheartefthetkmaaad Mbatitntod for them others at which it may escaped alave warm toward* a stakeholder,beenconnected withthepublicpress,andhave ofDirectBuiovoonTrade writtenmuchupontheissuesgrowingoutofthe slaveryquestion;bat,atalltimes,anduponalloc- casion*,inthepressandbeforethe people,incon- ventionsandinlegislative halts,athome andin Washington.1havemaintainedbatoneposition—>«Letsuchbetheendofeveryoppressor" .J.,,ul. Itisagoodaatislaverypictureontheyhgioiaahtold— amanstandingonatyrantandehonaluUsheadofl:wtth asword;onlyIwould paint theswordholdertftoe*and the tyrant whtte,to show the unmsdiats Wbcattonicfthe principle. TheAmericanpeoplewillhaveWmarchto ratiWaeveremusic,Ithink,and**,*•»« forthemtoTheSouthbaakidnappedmentoBeaton,andmadetheJudgesofMassachusettsgounderhersymbolicchaintoenter thecourtofjustice. Shehasburnedhouse*aadbutcheredInnocent menInKansas,and theperpetrators of that wickedness were rewarded by thefederal government with highofficeaadgreatpay.seemsadthatmenshouldhavearrived,butyetnotra-tionallytobeavotded. Theseconvictions,towhichthemoateminentSouthernmenwhoformerlyadvocatedemancipation,becamereluctantconverts, nowuniversally entertained in the South and shared by large numbersofIntelligentmanbtthefreeStates,are,thatthenegroracehasadifferentandtnsomerespectsinferiormot*whilstitremam*coldtoward* gbottttoaist, whohasmadesacriflcaaoahisbshair—whocalkbaas brother—whotakeshimasaaequalbythehand,bat cannotconcealfrombisinstinctiveperceptionthe reoagcanoe which-that touch inspire*. Placedinauthorityoverhtaownrace,thekindliestne-grobecome*notoriouslythemoatharshofmasters;nextwiththetoutlLGeneva, and other places, and during the canvassof tw o weeks 1 everywhere expressed ray " re- end, and differ only in the means. Men like Capt. Browntime and peaceful legislation. But the short work of vio- lence will be often tried, and each attempt will gain some- thing tor the cause of humanity, even by its dreadful pro- cess of blood.gret and condemnation" of his armed invasion of Virginia, and during that time I ceuvereed with n oWill be continually rising u\>among the white people ofthe free States, attempting t o d o tneir natural duty t otheir black countrymen—that is,help them to freedom.Some of these efforts will be successful. Thus, last win-ter , Capt. Brown himself escorted eleven o f h i s country-men from bondage in Missouri to freedom in Canada, p edid not snap a gun, I think, although then, as more re-cently, he had his fighting tools at hand, and would have both hemispheres settles down, and genders that moralusedthemifnecessary.Kvennowatheunderground ittStilencewhichsteamsupalongthecolumnsof|theNEW railroad is in constant and beniflcent operation. By and YORK HKKJILD and the New Y ork Obasrtw, the groat escapemoral and physical deterioration, and sinks into idleness, pauperism and crime.Hence it has been assumed that he iswanting in the capacity both for self-government and for the enjoyment of freedom to a manner beneficial even to himself, be- cause unwilling, except under coercion, to labor, and de- ficient in providence and forethought necessary to sustain independentexistencenorthofthetropica,ortoprevent relapse into abject barbarism within them.Thisconvictionisentertainedandactedonbythat white population of the South who acknowledge the ca pacity (if not the fitness) for Belf government to every man of the so called Caucasian race, whether Teutonic, Celtic, Latin. Sclavonic. Greek, Tartar, or Semetic. Hence they extend to him the hand of fellowship, and, holding themaelvea to be an aggregation of sovereigns, after afewyearsresidenceproffertohimequalrights.Tothese privileges, to fact, until th e recent Chinese immigration into California, the right of no creed, race or color, ex- cepting one, has ever been disputed or denied. That o n e raceisthenegro,act theAfrican, noryettheblack- not the Copt, nor yet the dark skinned Hindoo, with straight hair and Caucasian profile. Exclusion from t h eJohn Brown.The first method,obviously ineffective, because it resulted Ubatreogthentag, as we have seen, pro-*l*»ery opts ions in t h e South, has been stopped by the virtual sup- pression there of discussion, which could only disturb the negro population. The second and the third, which ia- evitably lead to war, to dissolution of the Union, and to a slaveinsurrection,theSouthernStatesaredeterminedto resist, conceive it is their right to roust, aud are compelled toresistbythenecessityofselfpreservation.Thattbeir determination is a reality no reasonable man can doubt- Their right is derived from the fact that the thirty-<hwr States of this Union are thirty four independent republics, united b y a federal compact by which for their mutual benefit they have stipulated only the surrender of certaja sovereign right*, reserving all others, a n d most jealously _thatotself-governmentandoftheregulationoftheirown institutions. They a r e compelled to resist because a ne- gro insurrection, whether as the means or the consequences of abolition, signifies n o t only utter rata, desolation and death, but death ana worse than death, to motowaa, wives, sister* and children.lyconcurwithyouinsentiment,yonknew jxTsojwilguaiiti«t,theyarequiteunanimousin by.itwillbeauovergroundrailroadfromMason& ptpeaofsecularandecclesiasticalwickedness)—they108m * ¥•but on the great general causes which move afbuman kindtohatewrongandloveright. Such'^"f*^"* w i l l c o n t i n u e a a l o n g a s a h v v e r y I s m , a n a w * * c r e a s a , bothinfrequencyandpower.JustastheSwf^heoamaathirdin -,orafourthin finchto be expected; for they do not depend merThosethings,arenotorious;theyhavestirredupsome of Ik ihat^oj |>ea<^ftii legal and constitutional face it in season, *a few years ago it did not seem diffi- little indignation at the North, and freemen begin toman I shall net cease to remember that slavery in the plain now, that our pilgrimage must lead through a Bed also bolder. It must lay down principle as s platform tothe Northern free States of thia Union. In Africa, the negro, according to Egyptian paintings at toast four or five thousand years old (and to which doable that age has re- cently been assigned), baa been for at beat the former period to contact with civilization. He is still unchanged in type and ia condition.preciatien of the other. B e beoomaa djeappotated| soured and persecutive, like a driver losing histemperbe- cause he doea ncrrffnd to a mule the qualities distinctive of the horse With such facta wtahto their knowledge, with such experience* within their reach, anal wah auoa. opinion* universally spread in the South, it is plain thatof the slave system. Yonchargemeand.otherSenatorswithattempt-rtotoaavagemembers,"—yon aay that I "would have them think that 'regret and condemnation' of Brown and his objects are universal at the North," and you assertowe them the duty which one man owea another o f h i s own nation—the duty of instruction,advice and protection of natural rights. If they are starving, w e ought to help feed them. The color of then- skins, their degraded social condition, their ignorance abates nothing from their natu-body of the party will come to the same sympathy and thecame opinion t h e n , o f course, they will encourage menlike Captain Brown, give h i m money and all manner o fhelp, and also encourage the slaves whenever they shallrise to take their liberty, at all hazards. When called to grotesque despotism and virtual servitude whichSou-help put down an insurrection of the slaves, they will go louque Impoeed been superseded by the Presidency of would be worse off than before, because incapable efWELCOME TBS VIOLENT END.unilocular and unprovable. But very tew voted on the j LETTS* FBOat THSODORB PABKBK TO A KB1SND IN countrymen, even if they were black. It would not sur- Now, slavery a s wickedness so vast and so old, Whilst European serfdom m its varying phases, fromresolution,and neonespokebatjtr. Wright. BOSTON. prisemeifthere were other andwellplannedattempts SO rich and so respectable, supported by the State, AsGeo.Wilsonhad addressed;a'large meetinginthe Ko*s,Nov.24,1859. inotherStatestodowhatCapt. Brownheroically, it not'thepress,tbemarketandthechurch,thatallthoseagen- same place only a tew evenings b*i»re, and hart given his j 1 see by a recent telegraph wbieh the steamer of No- successfully, tried in Virgtnnia. Nine out ot t<>n may cies are nteded to oppose it with—those and many moreunmitigatedslaverytotheenforcementofaportionoftheserfs' labor, has shown that the white race will neverwork aa efficiently under coercion aa with free labor, tbe views at length and with much ejxpiicitness, condemning vttnber 2 brought from Boston that the Court found Capt. fail—the tenth will succeed The vwtory over Gen JBur- Which I cannot speak of now. Y ou and I prefer the experience of th« last sixty years proves that thethe actum uf John Brown in lb,-: strongest manner, he pro- . Brown guilty, and passed sentence upon him. It is said goyne more than made up for all the los<ws in many a peaceful method; but I, at least, shall welcome the negro cannot be allured by toe fruitfulneas of a Southern, bebly did not deem it necessary to depart from h;s usual \ Friday, December 2, is fixed aa the day for haasing htm. previous defeat; it was the beginning of the end. violent if no other accomplish the end. So will nor driven b y the rigors of a Northern climate, to workcustom of listening ;n a quiet wmy.aud let those who . So, long before thia reaches you, my friend will have birtu the hall do as they pleased and l«ke the responsi I passed on to the reward or his magnanimous public ser- Winy > v vices, and his pure, upright private life. I am not wellTheresolution orMr Wright,as interpreted by him, Ienoughtobetheministertoanycongregation,leastofallcontained nothing but a simple expression of opposition t» to one like that which, for so many years, helped my biavi ry bv all proper nui legitimate me.ioc, but it was soul, while it listened •» my words. Surely, the Twenty- artlully drawn b> Mr Wrighu, so as to convey to those eighth Congregational Society in Boston needs a minister,who did not hear" bis explanationin mean.ng of adiflereut not half dead, bat alive all over; and yet, while readingSlavery will not die a dry death, it may have as many lives as a cat; at last, it will die like a mad dog ia a vil- lage, with only the enemies of the human kind to lament itsfate,andtheytoocowardlytoappearasmourners.THE EX AMI'LB OK ST. DOMTNOO TO BE FOLLOWED.the great mass of thoughtful and good men at the without coercion. Y et nature has cot only endowed North; else why do w e honor the heroes of the revolu- him with aptitude for physical exertion, b a t b e thrives tion and build them monuments all over our blessed better under it than to idleness. T oo far removed aboveCharacter, doubtless with a.view of increasing the alarm and eicitement now prevailing is the South. Whatever may b e the ainsot «>en Wilson in the matter of slavery, it is not true that he has approved* the act of Brown eit'ier tu public or in private, but has Uniformly deplored and condemned ItNot content with the wronrfdone mo in your let-ters to -Governor Wise and Jehn Brown, you havein a letter addressed to m«, wliicrf I rind in theNaw Yoaa HKRALP of the 34th insl, attemptedto sustain your original act of mi'a-epresentatiou.Sir, this act of injustice, thiai deliberate effort toassociate my name with the sentiment embo-died in your resolution, and ; t o hold m e respon-siblefortheactaofameetinginwhichIwas a mere spectator, rills m e with amazement the very existence of democratic institutions in America; It being your purpose to deceive, it does not sur- for it is uot to be dented that we must give up democracy,if we keep slavery; or give up slavery, if w e keep demo-firtte m e that you should hate commenced your cracy. etter t o m e with a n untruth, a palpable falsehood.I greatly deplore this state or things.In the first sentence you say that I was called upon to perform their natural function, to give valuable instruc- 'to give an account to the slave drivers for attend- tion and advue to the people: and at the same lime they ing a meeting to discuss a resolution affirming the achate and degrade themselves. The hurrahs anil theIn vain—at tbe North, I mean, for the logic of slavery will keep the South on its lower course and drive it on more swiftly than before. Capt. Brown's expedition wasAs my argument hinges on those peculiarities—a* yoa have cotbeen inthe South,asyouhavenospecialac quamtance with the negro, and aa your view* are ob viously derived from exparte statements, 1 can hardlyright a n d duty of slaves t o resist their masters,and the right and duty of the North to aid themin i t " This statement ia untrue, a n d y o u knewwhen you penned it that it was untrue. You v,adorn, and still less now while sick, but 1wisnyettothe American State hang his body, the American Church damn his soul with its nasty breath of cursing, still the blessingofsuchas are readytoperishwill fallonhim, and the universal justice of the infinitely perfect God will take him welcome home. The road to heaven is as abort from the gallows as from a throne; perhaps, also, a s easy.1 suppose you would like to know something about m e . Rome has treated me to bad weather, which tells Its story in my health, and 'certainly does not mend m a. But 1 look for brighter days and happier nights. The sad tidings from America—my friends to peril, in exile, In jail, killed, or to be bung—have filled me with grief, and so 11 all back a little, but hope to get forward again. God bless yon andbetter clothed, better cared for and merrier than nine- tenths of the operatives of Europe. I will not affirm that he Is happier, but that be looks happier, because I know that uo human being, unless utterly degraded, should, however miserable his condition, be willing to exchange places with the pampered white elephant of Siam, and because I believe that few starving white operatives cr white tenants o f a prison would voluntarily become sleek, wellsatisfiednegroalaves. Butthough wefeelthatthe higher the organization th e greater the sensitiveness to pleasure or to pain, from the lowest animal organism up to the lowest human Intelligence^—from the shellfish to Che Bushman, or from the Bushman np to the most exalted type of Caucasian genius, how do we know but what toe stobl contentment of the lower order may not compensate the rapture or acute suffering of the higher? We are sure, a t least, that taking each according to Its kind, what would be enjoyment to the one would be no enjoyment to the other.Ootttte de France, the organ of alwsoluttsm, ef the right hijdrvme or kings, and of the ultramontane party, had long been advocating the measure, waa enough to invest withsuspicion. Witb organized and accurate means„of. information, the leaders of that party knew and reckoned ou the difference between the intelligence of the civic and the ignorance of the rural population The ocosequenc* was not only the overthrow of the republic, but retro gremnon from constitutiona! monarchy to despotism T oe parish pr-.est, the mayor, the rich man of the village in fluenced these rural communities, aot only,to obb«ethe French repuboc to turn its fratricidal baytneto agamat that of Rome, but to place in this century, in France au outcast upon the throne, in spite o f more knowledge more taleLt sua more public virtue than ever wereconcen trawJ. in Athens or in Rome. The Emperor of toe French ia, no 'always doubt, restrainod.laa, whilst sane, every despot is, ani has been, jby public opinion; but caaw*had an object to gain, and that object w as to raise a doubt in regard to the correctness of what I said in the Senate. The N e w Y on* HEHAUI, in commenting upon it,daclafes that "Henry C. Wright, the alleged lecturer, flatly contradicts Wil- ton—it was not a lecture, b a t ameeting for discus- sion, publicly called." The meeting was not called, as yon aay it was, to discuss a resolution affirming the right "and duty o f slaves t o resiaj their masters, and the right and duty of the North to aid them in it,"butitwascalled to hear you"lecture,"yes, air, to hear yon "lecture upon resistance to tyrants is obedience to God, in reference to the conduct of John Brown a t Harper's Perry.'* The principal no- tice for the meeting reads:—Rev. Henry C. Wright will lector* in School House Hall,set down a few thoughts lor your private eye. They are, at least, the result of long meditation on the subject;be- side, they are not at all new or peculiar to me, but are a part of the public knowledge of all enlightened men.THB PHILOSOPHICAL P08rULATE8 OF TRKASON. 1. A man held against his will as a slave has a natural right to kill every one who seeks to prevent his enjoy- ment of liberty. This has long be«n recognised as a self- evident proposition, coming so direcUy from the primi- tive instincts oi human nature, that it nether requiresproota nor admitted them. %Itmaybeanaturaldutyoftheslavetodevelopethisyours, and comfort you!Yours,affectionately, THEODORE PARKER.—ailng aaaembled yontook thedesk,askedthe themallwhichtheyhavearighttodoforthemselves. TM*«*H to appoint a chairman, the getters up of1 This statement, I think, requires no argument or illus- ^J*?* **«ap*ouited one, and you submitted a re- trationrJt-^T. °\la»de » to** «P«ech;&oeneelse 4.Itaaavbeanaturaldutyforthefreemantohelpthe staves to'theenjoymentoftheirliberty,andasameans ^nK^Kf' °*<*T& or•ixTondwd tothatsadtoaidtheminkdungallsuchasopposetheirare continually taunting the negroes with their miserablewho has yet Illustrated the literature ot France. Translators you have none worthy of the name.present voted, for tt The treat mass of the meet- natural freedom.ing did not vote; they V 1 In aflence and de- If you were attacked by a wolf I should not only have clined t o take any part in t h e meeting, a right to aid you tn getting rid of that enemy, but it ortoheiaaaydegree. wouldbemydotytohelpyouinproportiontomypower.libertyisgood for white men,not for negroes. Hatethey soulsf I don't know that Non mi riccrdo. "Coatempt," says the proverb, "will cut through the shell ofthe tortoise-," a n d o n e day, even t h e sluggish Africanwill wake up under the three fold stimulus of the Fourthof July cannon, the whip of the slaveholder, and the sungofhisheartless mockery. Then, If"oppression makethwise men mad," what do you think It will do to Africanslaves, who are familiar with scenes o f violence a n d a l lmannerofcrueltyr Stillmore: Ifthenr^rnsa courseofselfsacrificingrectitude,youruncompromisingfor its action.Is no sense was the *»preasion otthe Utt were a murderer, and not a weif, who attached you,against the colored race, which under favortnx circum translate yen. Your public career ia familiar to us all. stances fatally developes and leada him, aa to Hayti, after Yourchampionshipofliberty,ofequalrights,ofmercy,of hehaddrivenoutthewhitesbythe aid of the mulatto, next to exterminate him. That the pure black atrivea to do wherever he ia the master, which b is superior physi- calvigorsoonmake*himaasoonaathemulattocanno•entianeatts of the meeting, more thannme- the duty would be still the same. Suppose ita notamurdererwhowouldkillyou,butakidnapperwhowould enslave, does that make it teas my duty to help yon out ofthehandsofyourenemy*Supposeitianotakid- niDDsf who would make you a bondatan, bat a slave- holder w h o would keep you oae, does that remove mytestaeof thepersonapresento»Qaop ^ •opavtfUitanc-universal brotherbooii and pacification—your undeviatingtion. and nine-tenths of those present, « c a n s 4 U p o a lar.VfWd "the editor of the Natick Obsenjer inhave not general power o f mind o r Instinctive love e fwar on all oppression—the lofty aspirations o f the Chris-longer recruit from the white stock.The negro has, tt is true, certain qualities which thewhitemanmayanddoesemulate,andwhichshouldand do endear him to toe latter, but they are not of a nature to enable him to walk unprotected and alone. Hahaaua-anotetom aajs:-im theJOtbofNoTMBhar. 1prlaUdtha aottoeo; which was snmmoosd to hear him lectors,lb* 8aBay~stn nts totter to you, «*» tn* sawed ta Dahomey or Borneo, and I am net boundtian and philosopher—have needed no interpreter to ena-^ oftte assess dscJsssd to take anyl^rtob. ba«-J^J/^ JSCTaj ^saST^^aTui^ lallitXCKlABS.mai that they oughttats our State." ates; hat, on tbe contrary, the greatness ef my respect for your character and geniua urge me to ob-by the mcreea*d| severity of oaartai punnhment, r - ooncomitant uncertainty. Above all. yoa uuat visiting with death political ouenoea; aad herein j followed b y many who do not go tbe full length • doctrine. B u t tf aver th e death penalty a uatv abeflabad, ta it reasonable to auppoae that tin* al, avitobeiantes. WaMaUttte.aiidthiBpwfflosssaretsad aarn> INCEBASB or THE SLAvna.brow;an immense tight Instinctive to tbe negro. The negroes of two sunn re- will be Inaugurated la favor of aniany part la itspeople of that republic wbich yon call "The Queen of an weak* dietefbutton of pravistoBa, Imea^ tf ghrea o n t ^entire world"—aa one of the atoms of which it is an ag ff^l^^J'^?"'?;.** ^ ^ ofaday vour school are. that the only legitimate object* of punAh gragaftna you have therefore given m e t h e right to a n or two to entertain their Sunday vtaitera. The negro has ment being to reform the criminal or to deter from cr meimitative powera, a natural command of language, mum by example, * la impossibletor • dead man to ameai.. sweryou. Yon will, however, reel, I trust, that no dJa- »!»*«<. sad even talent, to which the AnglcSaxoo a aad that more are deterred bv the certainty of minor taaab its doisga p^oathe accounts of the anair at Harper s Ferry, and of the sayings oi certain men at Boston, whom you and I know onlytoowell,1could nothelp wishing 1wasathome again to use what poor remnant of power is left to me in defence of the true and the rightfence into their own hands, especially if they c a n find white men to lead them. No doubt t h e African race ia greatly inferior t o t h e Caucasian in general intellectual power, and also in that instinct for liberty which ia s o strong in the Teutonic family, and just now obvious tn the Anglo Saxons of Britain and America: besides, the Afri- canracehavebatlittledesirefor vengeance—thelowest form of the love of justice. Here is one example out oflike a master or an overseer, m ay oblige him to work to-day and induce him to look a week or a month ahead, butit is said to be as rare to find a negro who could look aadwork ahead for a season as' to find a cultivator of anotherrace who would fall to do so. Hence, where a straw hatfive men by the gallows. But it shows the weakness of and a breech cloth do not suffice for clothing, and where expect you to accept those which I have laid before you, thegreatestskiveStateinAmerica, theworthlessnessof theearthbeneathatropic sunIsnotyieldingaperpetual whateverbetheconclusiontowhichthoroughinvestigatioathe republican party; how will it an>cl the next Presiden- tial election, what will the great State of Pennsylvania, or Ohio, or New York, say to it? This is very unfortu- nate tor u s a l l , especially when the people have to deal practicallyandthusspeedilywithaquestionconcerningto be cut ofl; for the second offence, his other l e g . This gentleness, bis calm, religions trust in God, and hia perhaps whitewasher—occupations which, without the character of their convictions, inquiry will show yoa mutilation was not to be done by a surgeon's hand: the words of truth and soberness, cannot fail to make a white man's Industry and forethought, would have no that I have not over stated. You might aay, and withoffices they get are poor compensation for falseness to their own consciences.Ln m y best csstate, 1 do not pretend to much politicalnatural right in a practical manner, and actua.ly kill all those who seek to prevent his enjoyment of liberty. For it he continue patiently in bondage: First, he entails the foulest of curses on his children; aad, second, he encou- rages other men to commit the crime against nature which be allowed his own master to commit. It is my duty toIt shows what may b e in America, with n o white maatohelp. IntheslaveStates thereismanyapossibleSaaDomingo, which may become actual at any day; and Ifnotin1800theninsomeother"yearofourLord."Be- Letter from Gen.Hrnntngetn to Victordisguise the fact that he, blacea a s he is above alt law could with legal impjnUyi hang up the most illuatrious Frenchman—you, sir, for instance, if be caught vou—b»the following subject:— through sloth, I not only die, but incur the contempt and cite the slave to love of liberty, and the effort for it."Pact and Fiction,in Religion, or the existence, occupa- loathing of my acquaintances wbUe 1 live. U is not less We are always talking abont "liberty," boasting that wetionandlocationofthesoulafteritleavesthebody." mydutytodoahthatis inmy powertopreservemy are "thefreest peopleintheworld," declaringthat"aaively Improved, or whether the negro is a white manretrogressivelydegraded. Eventhoughitwereprobablethat time and cultivation might ra:se the negro into thewhite man. it is enough for us to know that fifty centuries let them turn to this country. There is not a race not a have made no perceptible difference to the characteristioa nationality, unrepreeetitx-J to this Union. Yet in educa or the type of either.oven m o axeeadsi fifty-mill havebei •xpevieo' abeama!a, and ' i h a Batio wane* «aaadaof ry force. aad crvithe cert tabhshn raiaaof warid b1It w« (itthetorupbc cocvuh toraadcroc tt ktodtothe wo Won aad to.taatao tathe* restorelamstapiAltl waa pi amoveStonto.t p mini read,pom* refagatom chair J to.recover their liberty, a n d tn that enterprise t o do forOur able men failof a slave might serve aa a warning N o action of a court was requisite to inflict this punishment; any mas- ter could thus mutilate hat bondman. Even from 1840 to 1846, it was common for owners to beat their of- fending victims with "tamarind rods," six feet long and an inch in thickness at th e bigger end—rods ilii-k set with ugly thorns. When that process was over, the lace-rated back was washed with a decoction of thefnanchi-neel, a poison tree, which made the wounds feeler a n d long remain open.In 1846, the negroes were in "rebellion," and took pos- session of the island; they were 25,000, the whites 3,000. But the blacks did not hurt the hair of a white man's head, they got their freedom, but they took no revenge! Suppose 25,000 Americans held in bondage by 8,000 Ai- pernios, on a little inland, should g e t their masters into their hands, how many of the 3,000 would see the next sun go down?No doubt, it Is through the absence of this desire of na- tural vengeance that the Africans have been reduced to bouuage and kept in i tBut there is a limit even to the negro's forbearance. San Domingo i s n o t a great way off- The revolution which changed its black inhabitants from tame slaves into wild men, took place within the memory of many of us.the lives thrown away. Many acorns must be sown to have one oome up; even then the plant grows slow, but it if? an oak a t last. None of the Christian martyrs died in vain; and from Stephen, who was stoned at Jerusalem, to Mary Dyer, whom our fathers hanged on a bough of "the great tree" on Boston Common, 1 think there have been lew spirits more pure a n d devoted than John Brown's,or condition, and frequently his lot is exultingly con- trasted with that of the poor white operative or laborer I, sir, for my own part, am satisfied that the negro ou a Southern plantation is at least less unhappy than the negro left to himself in Hayti or in Africa, or than the free negro in Canada, in the Northern Statea of the Union orBut consider,air, the immense importance of that if, and allow m e, respectfully, to remind you how your noble aspiration* hare already led you astray.In 1848, like many other good a n d eminent men, y o a were in favor of universal suffrage. T j e veteran Dspont de I'Eure, I believe, alone of the Prov*:onal govenimeat,Also In the evening, at 6 \, O'clock, upon body and soul from slavery ; and if I submit to that man would die rather than be a slave." W o continually"ResistancetoTyrantsisobediencetoGod,inreference throughcowardice, Inotonly become a bondman,and praise "ourfathers whofought theRevolution." We so-calledAnglo-Saxonsadistinguishedpoet,dramatistandto the conduct of John Brown at Harper's Ferry." saner what thraldom indicts, but 1incur alsothe contempt Nanca.Nov. U , l 8 » . aad loathing of m y acquaintances. W hy do freemen Inresponsetothisnotice—netto"discussare- scornanddespiseaslave? Becausetheythinkhiscon-solution* a s you assert—but t o near you " lecture,"' dition Is a sign of his cowardice, and believe that he ought five or six hundred people of this town assembled; to prefer death to bondage. The Southerners holdthe Africans i a great contempt, though mothers o f their chil- not tees than three hundred of the number were dren. Wuvr Simply because the Africans are slaves ; legal vetera o f t h e republican and democratic par- that a , because the Africans fail to perform the naturalbaud monuments to commemorate even the humblest be- philanthropistDo you suppose this will fail to produce Us effect on th e countrymen to appreciate and acknowledge—not only one you lecture, ana-nattodiacuseor to a c t After the a The freeman has a natural right to help the slaves black man, one day T The South mast either give up of the greatest of dramatists and poets, but the greatestkeeping "Independence Day," or else keep it in a littlentbre thorough fashion. Nor is this all: the Southernersties. They came i n response t o t h e call, t o hear duty of securing freedom by killing their oppressors.to**, or what are called colored people in the South. Commonly Inheriting the worst qualities of both races, occasionally they exhibit a large share of tbe tntelugence of their white progenitors.archy existed in a higher degree than in the OW World Yet these, immigrants, though a vast majority of them were without political rights at home, after a five years residence, haveUieir vote tn the government of the Unionliberty equal to the whites, they are as much on su- iwaspresentatthetaetstwdeliveredbyMr.Bearyc WplnwmSrf-iii^iUhJ^^ty periorsinpowerofcunuingaadincontemptfordeath— bleustovenerateandadmireyourcharacter.• The hall |ras tail, many proaai- sBbera of the denocraUc and - 3l*. wr»t_h* *_II»J ...tauered agfciui it was la an seose a dawoaaton. i vote ia exceeding twelve. •a^iwBtttattawssmssn, not exceedN oa***J- 1eaa help those who escape to my own neighbor- hood,audi etaja* to do so. My duty is commensurate vfwar, »nd as aaypower increases, my duty •*•*;«m a. fflaouldhes? the boatmen in *!b*ir**«a«om as easily and effectually as I canlUIttoe.runaway 1***^ d o o f *t h e a i ought to do so.America at thTdarand*!*? • £ ? * •**** awhoauon to AmenS.-l TJX^Sl*?-?«| wto of the free States have a c«er- fortunateiy, H becom-they spread fear and consternation. Thaimere torribla now, in case or an imthere, aa Jefferson said, "no attribute of the Atsrirf ar» which can toko sides with the master, but there wUlAevoice has recently been heard on this side of the Atlanta: bounded hoepitality. I have m et oh tbe 8panmh Math Industrious free negro emigrants from Jamaica, who toldliberty,and the i Gilbert aad othersKow, if •laairaaairlf had the tor the sUv«» ia Virgmla aa for thethe great i race,"somethe sublime audacity e fte&*Xw^toan"tortlstntog. ft appearafuatural to them to lean, a s it ware,methat -sMr. atwork«amatdirection•t tt said tn the*••—-!asssjsftss: nre a matter of preatwhen proclaimed as anUntitled Documentemconclude-^ Wanderer,saddistributed.5*3the Qaiaalaying have been utterly divestedother; sassEtassas, kindred, evea brother*, would steal ntto a feweach otter'* food, and looked onpoor wretch was laid down on a log, and hia legs chopped profound impression on tbe hearts of Northern men; off with a plantation axe, and the stumps plunged yes, and o n Southern men. " F o r every human heart intoboilingpitchtostaunchtheblcod,andsosave ishuman,"&c.1donotthinkthemoneywasted,nor the property from entire destruction; tor the live torsoexistence. sorrow, bat with a full appreciation of the nature of theseIt is universally asserted and believed to the South that calamrtiee, fiat jruLUia mat ctr'im, if it were aques- theaveragelotorthenegroslaveonaSouthernplanta- tionoftheperpetualorlongprotractedenslavementofa tion is happier than that of the negro tn any other place race fitted, or with the capacity of being fitted to be Tree.ginnings of that great national work. Once a year w e atop all ordinary work, and give up a whole day to the noisiest kind of rejoicing for the War of Independence. How w e praise the "champions of liberty!" How w e point out the "infamy of the British oppression'." "Thaw would make our lathers slaves," say we, "and we slew the oppressor—Sic temper tyraimU:To the few amongst them who have enjoyed early familiarity with his own language-, that name conjures up something more. They recognise In him— what a more intimate knowledge e f t h e tongue i n which he wrote and of hia writings will one day enable theirtion the vast immigration of the United State* ia below the average of tbe countriea whence tt emigrated. Like the rest ot the white race who have croaeed the Atlantic to people lhi3 continent., it has been a'>ove the average of the Old World In adventurous spirit, whilat leavened w i n aa amount of improvidence or criauaality which baa *iaand will soon be 4.800,000; then cornea the fifth doubts,thia attempt aswoiks for witti other weapons. The two agree in the ment to every State in theUnton." That is a work of Into barbarism, despotirm and virtual servitude.free soilers in Boston, as "the man who had helped 1.800slavestotheirnaturalliberty,"eventhatmeetinggave tomurder.Publicopinionsustainssuchmen.Bullywith love for them. Young lads say, "I wish that Heavenwould make mesuchaman." Thewishwill now and tospreadit. Butthe time must comeoneday—itmaythen bo father to the tact. You and I have ha t opportu- nity enough, in twenty years, t o s e e that this philan- thropic patriotism is on the increase at the North, and the special direction it takes is toward the liberation of their countrymen in bondage.come any time—when the lovers of mischief will do a little ulibusteruig a t home, and rouse up the slaves to rob,Not many years a g oBostonsent moneyto helpt h eSamuel G. Howe, lose the esteem of New England menby flpor, and dance a filibustering jig thereon. Sue France and by Encland, into their then colonies, or every precaution which vigilance can devtae. For years actionofthemetting.IMr.J.B.Maun,agentle- vastmajorityofthepeoplewhoserepresentativeI thatact?HewontheadmirationofEurope,andholdsit orfcR,"Welldone! HurrahforWalker!""Hurrah transferredbytheNorthernStatestotheSouthern,when pasttheavowedpurposeoraportionoftheseabohtioaiatsconcerning the passage of yojtrr resolution andthe my position. 1 believe it to be the position of aam. When Massachusetts abandons this policy o f communication in theBostoi ./mirr«ii,says:-- peaceful, legal andconstitutional reform, whichstill.far Brooks!" "Hurrah for the bark Wanderer and its the former republics, finding s avery unprofitable in the has turned the whole thought and action of the South on that cargo o f slaves! Up with t h e bowie knife! Down with North,abolishedservitude bylaw,andgotridofthenegro question to measures of defence against i upending aggrea- Justiceandhumanity!" Thep&uthmostreapasshesows; withoutsacrifice,byallowingtheircitizenstosell himto tion. Everylawpassedsincethattimewithregardtothe where she scatters the wind the whirlwind will come up.manofintelligence, whowasatthemeeting, inaNay.stilllater,thesamedearoldBostonhunkershave The meeting was not properly t* toeet.ng of the citizens patriotism, humanity and religion sanction, and ac- never been more than rats and mice in her house, which ofNatick,calledfortli<}»purposeorjexpressing the,ropin ceptsyourpolicyof"insurrection"—when she re- shesuffersforatime,andthendrivesouttwelvehundred ions,butwasnotifiedin.theusualmannerofmeeting* quiresmetoupholdthedoctrinethat"itistheir olthematonceonacertaindayofMarch,1176,that called by itinerant lecturers wbju wisn to apea* to th* light and duty to incite slaves to resistance," and same dear old Boston sent the same Dr Howe to carrythe Southern planters. Always known by those acquaint- negro has been a law of repression. Previous to that forpeople. The** rn-etiugs are quite common, *ud are at to organize armed bands a n d invade sister States aid and comfort to the Poles, then In deadly struggle forIt will be a pretty crop for her to reap. Within a few years the South has burned alive eight or ten negroes. Other black men looked on and learned how to fasten the chain, bow to pile the green wood, h o w to set this hell fire of slavery agoing. Tbe apprentice may bestow to learn, but be has had teaching enough b y this time t o know the art and mystery of torture; and, depend upon it, the negro will one day apply it to his old tormentors. Tbe fire or vengeance may be waked op even in an Af- rican's heart,eapeoiaHywhenUisfanned bythewicked- ness of a white man—then tt runs from maa to man, fromed with him to differ as much in psychological and mental as in physical characteristics from the white a n d other races, the belief has become prevalent South, and ia -ra- pidly spreading in the North, that these characteristics preclude his emancipation beneficially to himself from a t least some kind of tutelage.A distinguished Northern jurist—Mr. Charles O'Conor— has recently, on a public occasion in New York city, ex- pressed tbe opinion that the negro requires for his own good the same restraints that the law everywhere enjoins and authorises over minors up to the age of twentymaw; or be might have added, allows and enforces throughout life, for tneir own benefit, over people of deficient intel- lect.years every law tended to ameliorate the condition of the alave. So that, if left to themselves, the Southern States would, in every human probability, so far have continued to mitigate the bondage of the negro as gradually to re- duce it to a state of tutelage and modified coercion, which, until his nature changes, must for his own benetit be per- petually exercised over him—a coercion which, a s a S e -nator from Georgia (Mr. Toombs) has observed, tbe laws of civilized nations impose temporarily oa one of the boldest, hardiest and most useful classes of all free com- munities—the merchant seamen.We know the share of sea commerce in t h e commerce of the world; we know that where otherwise only barba- rism would be it renuera civilization possible; w e know its fostering influence on civilization, aad bow it renders habitable regions whichwithoutItmustbewastes. Yet what maritime commerce could exist, what ship would beeat tosea,tt*the law dto not rigorously bind the sailoro labor for the whole voyage, and authorise during its whole continuance the enforcement of that labor*The Southern States, when extraneous pressure ceaaea to threaten them—but 1fear not till then—instea 1 of oc cupying themselves solely with defensive measures, wilt no doubt again turn their attention to tbe amelioration ot thealave'acondition,andoaeofthefirstlaws inthisditended by all clauses of men—friends, opponents and trie "to aid them in it"—there will be a vacant chair for todiuerent.whousually goandSear insilence,auitlet hertofillintheSenateof*theUnitedStates.the kcturer have his say uumoleinou.HENRY WILSON.their political existence. W a s h e disgraced because h e lay seven and forty days In a Prussian jail in Berlin/ Not evenintheeyesofthePrussianKing,phoafterwardsent him a gold medal, whose metal was worth as many dol- lars as that philanthropist lay days in tire despot's jail. It is said, "Charity should begin at home." The American begun|agood ways off, bat has been working.homewardAt the meeting referred to, Mr. Wright offered a resolution to the effect 'that rtsistaneesw tyrants is obedienceto <.od," and therefore the staves should be incited to re-sist ih-wr master. H e spoke an {tour and forty minutes,andexplainedthemeaningolb|sresolutiontobe,not bemorereadytohelpanAmericantapersonalliberty,towntotown.Whatshallputitout?Thewhtteman'sMORE DEVELOPEMENTS OF TREASON. ever since. The Dr. Howe of to day would and ought toarmed andforcible resistance, bt|t resistance by moral, j than a Pole or a Greek to political freedom, aad would Wood! reugMHis, social and commercial (Deans, to make slavery i Itev. Tbeodoie Parker's Manifesto. findmore men to furnish aid and comfort toour ownIV. But there is yet4another agency that will act against slavery. Tle-re are many mischievous persons who a r e ready for any wicked work of violence. They abound in the city of New York (a sort of sink where the villainy ofembraces a whom theory on which ,yetitenirse which you pursue aad you condemn, but holdat once, whitem. to•J»-lity.a»With"That Bpartacua struggled tofree whitomen,act illicittrafficwouldhavebeenmetoyaurgeaorttoaefmightjustly doubt the expediency or even safety of liber has been a oomfcativoly tortgwfieeat cease m determmNew England? Ithink yougave money forthatof theanimalcreationtobeendowedwiththe providentin-Bunker Hill. 1 once thought it a folly; now I recog- stinct of the ant, the beaver or the bee, he is asserted to rection ought to be the prohibition of his being sold ornize it aa a groat sermon in stone, which is worth not only be too low in tbe human family to have reasoning power all the money it cost to build it, but all the blood It tookhired to any man who had not resided long enough in th« South to insure h it understanding something of the pec atarities of the negro.II. But it is not merely white men wb> will Bght forthe liberty ot Americans, the negroes will take their de- to lay its corner stones. Trust me, its lesson will not be enough for protracted or provident exertion. Hunger,-afailure, I hoar it said. I am not quite sure of that. True, it kills fifteen men by sword and shot, and four orAmerica is rich in able men, In skilful writers, in readyandaccomplishedspeakers. Buthowfewmendaretreatpublic affairs with reference to the great principles of jusuce, and the American uemocracy, nay, Tew with refe many:—In SantaCruz the old slave laws were the mostrence to any demote future, or even with a comprehen horrible, I think, 1ever read of in modern times, unless Cay of Washington while Brown was at work. few instances where he emerges from the pauperismsive survey of the present. Our public writers ask what those of die Carolinas be an exception. If a slave excited Brown will die, I think, like a martyr, and also like a which, without the white man, mouldy starvation ue be-eftect will Ibis opinion have on the democratic parly, or others to run away, for the first offence his right legwas saint. His noble demeanor, hia unflinching bravery,his comes a barber, domestic servant, oyster seller, cook o* ing these facts by large masses or men. The extent andvher soldiery, aad the utter fear which slavery genders crop of plantains, yams o r breadfruit, h s must lean, a t In bosoms of the masters. Think of the condition of the best, without a master, upon white civiliaation. In themay ultimately lead you. Bat the world is ruled lees by facts than by men's opinions upon tacts: and you must at least admit that the calamities consequent on the course you advocate depend on the opinions entertained respect-and none that gave up their breath in anobler cause. Let to Jamaica, neither can I deny that he is better fed, mistruated its expediency, although the fact that, theTBE JOHN BROWN DREAMERS IN EUROPE. Sundaynext,attheusualhoarsofchurchservice,uponpreservemyownbodyfromstarvation.If1fallthereofsides,Americaoffersmorethananyothercountrytoex- Hugo. ratestocks—whetherthewhitemaniaanegroprogrea-evitablybytheneck. ^ whrtamiNsw HAVKX, Jan. 2,1860. Six—Thenameof VictorHugo suggestsvaguelytoallYet n* any should doubt—aa it is not unreasonabie that manyshould—toecapacityoftbeEuropean massesfo' self -government on the basis of that universal suffrageEvenhogs,"saidthephilosophic American whonow"repre- quiredaVictorHugotoappreciatehim,and—differingas withlimitedpowersofpropagation. That istosay,that ott'xenanature. "You are only half human," aay they, "not ca-pableoffreedom." "HayIsgoodforhorses,notfar aVoltaireeouldnetunderstandaShakspere. Itre- racebythiaadmixture. Themulattoiatofactamule frage,withoutmoreabuatngthisprivilegetoaanativeborasentsthegreatdemocracy"attheCourtofTurin.So, thebentofyourgeniusdoesfromthatotthebard,of bisprogeny,withoutrecurrencetotheblackbloodortheHeucetbeaptitudeorcapacityoftheEuropeanfor self government b y universal suffrage Is plainly demoa •trated, but not their fitneaa. A portion of that ataeas they acquire by five years reeidenc, and the ignorance of a mi- nority of voters is modified b y the experience o f majjn ties, which they in time acquire. With the quick appre- hension ot the French people, tf the means ef infornutioa hadprecededtherightof universalsuffrage inthe rural districts, you, sir, would not have been in exile, nor toe nephew of his uncle upon the throne. You,apoet,mcommonwiththepoliticaleconomist*, Bright and Cobden, believed to aad advocated general disarmament a n d universal peace—a state o f things w whichhumanity•nodoubtprogressivelytenting,but still obviously very far remote. But could you, *s. i.'tus past ware present, Frenchman a s you are, ia that ex:.• which ao much honors you, advise the country affording you a niggardly hoeptulitv, which does her ao i.ui* honor, to damns, aa year Peace Oangraas did advise, or even cease the augmentation of her armament to the fullestrather formidable qualities i a a servile war . There a l -ready have been several risings of slaves in this century; In the prosecution of your self-imposed duties, yournot only ismany white men who wdl take pan with the slave Men the deliverance of the negro oat o£ bondage. WhenAvon—of all his copyists, great or small, most successfully white, deteriorate* physically a n d mentally, and about the third generation cease altogether t o procreate. T h eto have imitated him where, perhaps unconscioaaiy, yon germ of a n inextinguishable animosity seems, too, im - triedit We,sir,havenoAnglo-SaxonVictorHugoto planted by nature In thebreast of tbepire negroAppealing to the American people, yea plead at once for remission of the death penalty upon John Brown, and forme that they could earn more in that Island, bat werecompelled to leave it because their voluntarily idle relaUvea and neighbor* ate up all their earnings, which they measure of defensive security* In a Christian, to a phi could not refuseithem, On some plantation* in the Southlike the Lafayettes of the last century, and the Dr. Howesofthis,maygivetheinsurgentnegroesaaauootoalrrtiaa VictorHugospeakstwocontinentslisten. Asoneofthe theownersareforcedtosacrificeMondaymorninxtorthe ofthedeathpenalty,bytbejast iepmU*l»mofallideaorthat once rendered to America and Greece; and the ant*. ic opinion of an enlightened world will rank them amotx its heroes of noblest mark. ^ ^III remember right, aome of your fathera were in the battle of Lexington, and that of Bunker Hill. Iin the course of the war which roliowed, everydied man In your town was in actual aerrce.days their dcriimasaasi sea area* e f the met. Oae daw It will be thought not less heroic for a uegro to ftght f - persooal liberty than for a whito man to fight for pi Independence aad against a tax of three peacetanthroptc and a philosophic spirit, you advocate abolition revenge tn punishment. The uaaaaayerabie arguments ofluting theyou deprecently mtroduced tote tbe United States from Arrica-the captured " the alaver Echo, and aabaeqoeatly i that at, ami the other landed frommautty bring to a city stored wtth gunpowder' Y oa woaM nothave had the Greek* aoa-reawtaat to Xerxes. aay the IWaaaaaotto Omrkm the First, aartoa Amj^ea cotonle*toGreatBritain,northe*>«»e*^r2~*, the ravadtag Atoea. Soma ware ywoaaw law store boaad to admit are juatilabte Yet how carry oa a imt dtaotoitac, and toe martial taw, abrupt, asvore aad dartarre wtoeh eaforcea rtf ByIt is of course not worth while for practical purpose*,ethnologically, to discuss a question in all probablityeternallyinsoluble—thatistoaay,whethertbewhiteman tbeheelsattyouweredead,whilstaSouthernplanar and the negro sprang aboriginally from toe same or sepa perpetrattag oa a negro a like offence, would awiax mNeither does tt appear that amalgamation of blood canaffect this approximation. As there are a per cenlage ofwhite men whose weakness or obhetuity of miad, or de-pravity of heart, sink them not ouly below tu-i averageof the negro, but to the level of the animal, ao mere ia aper centage- of negroes w h o rise in moat respects to thewhite man's level. These, it ia true, are chiefly mulat- and crime Hence every element of turbulence and aoBut nature itself has barred the elevation of the negro and most ef toe States, on the principle of universal suf-' f f i ' o w n k T or"evtab l e w on the new republic the chief part of it* naupertamwTC Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069. i ^ t f i u m h T i M rwrth an Idiotic grinwww.fultonhistory.com 