 1 1hIbecause it was repugnant to his conscience to .subject fiOowisg day, arrived here on Saturday afternoon. a«reat number of his subjects to a celibacy even tem- Bar news has been anticipated by the Canada. porary. The institution of a Vicanat would not pre- vail over these scruples. The Holy Father, regarding SARDINIA'S REPLY TO FRANCE—DISPATCH himself as indirectly responsible for the actsoi hisO F COUNT CA VOTJR. Vicar would wrtainly not allow him the liberty ofversion of the affair a t Perugia:" An imposing demonstration of some thousands ofpersons took place lately here. It was provoked by the Swiss officers, who determined to have a masque- rade on the day cboeen by the population to show their respect for the victims of the 20th- of June. The crowd of people, when quietly proceeding to the cemev" Tha work on tbe road has been foamd much pester flr«a WM which left San Francisco ontheSthin Pacific Mail the lead. Brooks firat diacovered th« vein by working aur'ace at flrat snppoaed, but J/ieot. M. feel* sanguine tbai be wiQ bare digging* with n rocker, ot $ 3 per day. and, continolng on worked the route opened to tbe Missouri River by Anguat nexj. HehadE11i_#•tion of Italy,-cannot be called in question, the King's f-.ii- Government was naturally disposed to receive theseobservations in the most favorable manner.In spite of that disposition, the Cabinet (whose Presi- • dent 1 have the honor to be) has come to the convictionthat their realization would encounter serious difficul-A soda water man has started from San Francisco to establish himself and his business in Carson City.massacre of Indians on the shore of Humboldt Bay:" It appears that a party of farmers and graziers ro»lding around tnt bay, annoyed at the frequent instances of running oft stock by the Indians, formed a secret society for their extermi- nation." On Sunday morning, Feb. 26, between 3 and 4 a m-, a party of about thirty men from Eel Elver crossed over to Indian Isl- and, and massacred aome forty Indians, men, women, and chil-uthan that which we were permitted to hope for the were realized, Austria would certainly acceptit without George's-in-the-East applied at the Thames Police parties who ha^e never been on the ground, and have but rumor o f f e n d their position; «ot out an old rifle and commenced«*# S£feft on the same day with the Canada, and her was anticipated by the dispatch from Halifaxthe occupation of Rome, she requested the Holy in snow, and the weather is very severe. The works The screw steamship City of Manchester, which See to form a National Army hke the other of the fdrtfBcations have been suspended; but 140 can-••flea* from Liverpool at 11 o'clock on the morning of European Powers. The Roman Government replied non have been collected in the town "tbe 7th instant, and touched at Queenstown on the that the Holy Father could not admit of reermtiog, Another communication in the SiCclegiveB a differentThe North Atlantic steamship Baltic, A. G. Gray, araatra, paid $1,500 more. The lead waa a blind one, *o cahed, a->d <nry abowed itaelf to the eye where the wheel* of cwriagc* Crossed it in tbe road. Jt baa been traced 300 feet. Moat of the eBq., commander, arrived at this port yesterday with material worked, ao for, baa been deccmnosed quartz. Aahaft the California mails of March 4, She left Aspinwall baa been aunk 50 f>et, with an anglw of *5 degreea, and the rock growa richer and richer. Tlwre ia plenty cut water in the vicin- ity, even *brougb tbe Summer season for ordinary working ofeciall Y during the latter part of November and early in Deeem*¥ >w*•I: •••leyrand:laascy, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of his Majesty -tae Esaperor of the French has transmitted to Aim, -with the copy of an official paper which he has ad- dressed to Count Persigny, pointing out the manner which he judges necessary to issue from a situation all tae »ore dangerous the more eonfussd it becomes.In the dispatch which Baron Talleyrand has mstwad to me, M. de Thouvenel justly thinks that thecenaries and Cardinal Pecci to enjoy the carnival lief were at Aspinwall—all well.SACRAMEKTO; March 4,7JK m. - city since tho great conflagration of 1854,tomatoout.'The following is a liot of the Cadets appointed by thePresident to the Military School at West Point; Chae. 1 nd determination to ntay at homo. Subsequent eveutu ' have Steilacoom Hcmld. .•At a IVfeoMnc of the WorkiDgmen's True Democratic Club of the Fh>t Klection District of the Tovnahip of Newtown. Queen's Co., L. f., it was resolved that acopy of tbeTth *nd 8JX•(on 'ictioi. that porrmen ahould prefer comfortable certaintiesClark, Francis W. Foote, William Waller, James W. of California to all the brilliant uncertainties of Utah. If a mm nial ullliincen depends upon the arrival in our mid>t of a numberrhe picked tip in a pan $150 in amaU pieces." , .Extremely rich auriferons quartz has been discover-ed near Jacksonville, Southern Oregon, aud a terribleexcitement ia raging there in consequence. A corre-appropriation, and to Jay before the Secretary of War a plan of operntfon* during tbe year. ; - ' T"IWhen the expressman left camp the engineer* w«jre busily engaged in preparing maps and profiles of the different root** ex*S*•Bui few pe»ou* are aware, probably, that on the edge of tM« eoonty, 26 nfiU* from Bacramonto, on toe Placerville road aua :»earwWteRockSprings,therei*oneoftberichestqnar.z -lead* in the State.-' It wan diaeovered in July la*t by E. Brook*, who baa b*«n working it with a simple one-horse Mexican v&a- rra; arid baa t«k«-n out of it, with only aorhe $60 expena«aformacbinwy, $4,500. It b»a paid from tba atari. On the first fifteen days after discovery. tb« lead netted $1500, and a common rocker was alone naed. The same rock, worked over again 'n anfor the Winteret; the c W i n g of tbe B^texJ lumber foT building boats, to ore** th««and also have established an aatrosame point. . . ;*" One of the engineer*, "^h * nmiStpmrtr, hmm«nw forwards Fort Benton to examine and map the line, in orderto oreMM for the work and location of the rvad by early Rpring. .. ^ ^" The mow at the Cantonment, when the expreMmanlaft, waa two feet de*p, and On tbe summit of the Bitter Root Motmtaiag five feet. The weather through tbe winter baa been eold e s -«saaJ5XHJJMA TIONConsiderable exS snort time since,enceof a system oling buried in one {tery ground ia unrevenue* I n onowhitewocd coffin 1one after the rema earns to light in th Germane, Chriatia dents of Jfenej Ci prevrous, and bnri etery.were talku hetMWS toe trr,Former M>nver. todies were buriec Ttottstai Fautne were then infora 4%trangers'groun of coffins, the prijringje grave. Tl their oMMren to b« moving them to to coffin taken out i formed Mr. Yost ^ •aid that could at buried was a man< wood coffin. Mr. screwdriver with Yost declared thatThe bodies were €tery,aud buried. age* against the t of Jersey City, on a disagreement of commenced before 'ior triala week beMr. Hope, in hiCOtiing t>MU, C:iJ3ihim to believe th it a little boy 16mont •file, which wis bt ing-one, with that•Accordingly, ii morning, all the cemeteries and can der, if possible, to the party was l>r Jersey City; Mr, <3rand street, Ne forMx. Yottt; Mr. York Bay,Cemete:On arriving at t decline^ to deliver coffin, without a Finally the grave entire lid Mrs. Oih that that was their the child waa not quite a large worn* and denounced Mr. ing him a " d—d t" you have stolet following bim up a iy sayingshewoa then apit upon him poeed, and to ail a •from the coffin in -v Morris and Mr. See was the case. To* same kind purchaf Wood split a piece first caueed the gra aays the grave haa. terment—and that to procure a portioThe party then p tery, and took iron exhumed on Fnda identified the bodyThe proof that changed from one < ing than in the firs' attached from the i coffin, which could body been diaturbe were natural, whit advanced state of < pered witn.The inveetigauoi ably take place.(VlfceJrttoexnai tbe?«bliciwaftiie pnjeecwfetfe -propjgave the matter pr The coffin in wti3. mkaogany one. about noen.SERior/s ACCJD About 10 o'clock name was unden*t< cither at Binghamt Oreene-street cros injured, having euf right leg, the foot 1 severe contusioDS years the injured n ing back and forth as a gold-pen peddl passenger on the E on signal just bel<bard got off the c the track. ..The Erie train p< Newark train can was cut loose, pass train of "cars we re the purpose of rui fcordV in getting i stepped in front of injured as above ert called, and attend was sent to the Ne vive, amputation ( The locality wnedangerous, even i hex of tracks over fresdrJe freight trail. place ia poorly !i* gas-Ugh* at the en< at ihe corner.THX NKW-JKK. Mercury of Satnrc- ** The Le£h>larur •tteople rejoice. Hi ago, the State won Nation has mainly pArations, and its Is ggtotiewalliow the Moslems, a d<>lt When he dies, therturbans, "like the Mgone," Didtfuc i« Sear that some o: adjourned would t t r e W , indeed, wit cotemporaries.".'FIRX iw ATKSKS about 11 o'clock, a by several families, J121, in Jersey d > distant location olwas entirely oonsui Mr. Jackson, whe whioh there vras n< was set on fire, bnt' £BOO.THKSTKXKT Co rey, th© regular lh Street Commission was called togethe Ms* Charles Finns 1*now the nomine* PjOPtar. Mr. Finns the Charter is ther ^office el public trui elected. Mr. Join -date for the same <FIRING CaWos tlie foliowi»g erde perintendent of Po the Park at poliac after:«*JOBS S. Fouc, _ practice o£ «rlaohar*tn of election, has b<-ou i ihwrafac* directed to without regard to' th* gage in it. yours,CXTTMORTAinthis oity, last weel 23 women, 41 boy eases were: Cox convulsions, iuftui6EUROPENEW-YORK DAIL$ TBIBUPfE, MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1860.AEKIYAL OF OTB ETSFA ANI> THE CITY OP MANCHESTER.SutedtohimbyallEurope,isthe'fear;dfincurring immediatelyobeyed.;'?AtViterbo,wherethereJB e responsibihiy of acts which, though in conformity greater political agitation than in any other town' of the with the principles in vigor in the greater part of elvti- Marches and of Qmbria^littletri-color flags bearing thek^Rrv^u^ dlP^^i^ iMTtb. j i695,000 IN CftMLD.fjfflW-»«bifehed on Saturday morning.ing the past aeason tbe ptrty have opened and ootople,ed 288 mile* or road, and had some 3f0 yet to complete, but Lieut. M. thought that be could reach Fort Benton with fiw month** work. . '.'/'" *m reply to tae message of M. Thonvenel to Baron Tal- posing to herself to secure to the Holy Father certainadvantages, and to preserve his high political sov- "Monsieur Le Chevalier: Baron Talleyrand came ereignty, her object would be attained with less diffi- Yesterday to read to me a dispatch which his Excel- culty if the annexation were accomplished with theThe United States flag-ship Roanoke arrived jat As- pinwall from PeBsacola on the 17th.25th ult.:» ; . . ; > • „ . . •:BIG FIRE IN SACRAMENTO;. Ji•*- \. moment has arrived for every one to explain himself" clearly; for him to explain withoat reserve the to these considerations, whioh cannot escape M. Farhii,Freemon k. Co. Musicians held its one hundred and twenty-second H. E. GiffinTaaffo, McConill &. Co. 26,834 Treadwell k. Go 12,000 Wells, Far^o &. Co.... 17^,500'Meatier & Adams...., R. Aicndertfeeaght of the French Government, in order that the eaexoet of Turin may judge for itself of the measures Vy which it would be most suitable to regulate its own conduct.JJot to endanger the results of the war, and to act-that they should be recognized by Europe, by placingn under the sanction of international law—such is •hem underthe double object which M. de Thonvenel assigns to the policy of France in Italy. He engages the Turin Cabinet to associate itself to the measure by which he proposes to main this double end, at the same time leaving us free to follow, without the cooperation of France, a different lino of conduct.Regarding the present situation as the turning point of a historical period without any term previously marked for its duration, M. de Thouvenel believesit is possible that, in order to obtain a more sincere manifestation cf the wishes of the population, the Gov- ernment of the Romagna will makeno express mention of the Vicariat in the propositions to be submitted to universal suffrage. If, however, M. Thouvenel is of a contrary opinion, I think Jiat M. Farini would make no difficulty in proposing the form in-which the vote is to be grven, in conformity with the dispatch which M. Thouvenel communicated to me. The proposition rel- ative to Tuscany not giving rise to any misunderstand- ing, I abstain from making any observation on the form in which it is to be presented to the popular vote. Whatever may be the reply returned by the States ofCentral Italy, the King's Government at once declares that it will accept it unconditionally. If Tuscany de- clares for the prtservation of her autonomy by means of the formation of a State distinct from Sardinia, notMr. Charles Dickens presided, aud in proposing, withhis accustomed humor and vivacity, the toast of theevening, referred to the foundation of tbis Society onehundred and twenty-two years ago, when a gloriousH. S. Ha]l6tt& Co.. A. Bordy & Co Holcomb« &. Bros. * , J*r?Di»?rfl &. BrewHterr Kirby. Byrne &Co...5,000 3,175 4,569 7,500 2,740 7,500(?6,000 7,015 7,563OrderT otal...^FROM ABPINWAiUMrs. J. Duke Lauman&KempWinter." Gold Hill is now a famous locality, commanding our venera tion and regard, for the very generous manner in which it shell • out the treasure.j ance: Sear'e's, $2,000; Doctor Morgan, four bi%gie«Jand harness. $2,000; Stevens and Steward lawyer'slibrary, 2 000; J. R. Toll, building, stable, horses, har-t thai, above all, it is necessary to eliminate the ele- only will it not oppose the realization of this wish, but"The same day two of the Company commenced taking qnartzIt fills the papers, is heard in all collections of men, is quar+z taken out, and from a aafe eatima'e. it waa found that, in OATS scurce at 2J-®2J[Cr '•would impose on hex the task of a too laborious assimi- lation, appears to M. de Thouvenel the most dangerous <af these elements of perturbation. According to M. de Thouvenel, Sardinia, if excessively aggrandized, would be )ed away by the unreflecting ardor of its new populations, could no longer direct her policy, and her eenter of action would be displaced. M. de Thouvenel thinks that it is hatred to Austria which has brought •award Sardinia the populations of Central Italy; and he consequently believes that the annexation of all these provinces would place the King's Gov- ernment in the necessity of chooeiog between warand revolution.influenced by these considerations, the French Gov- ernment proposes:Duchies of Parma and Modena. But if, on the contra- ry, these Provinces apain manifest in a clear manner a wish to be united to Piedmont, we cannot any longernow preparing to start for Washoe within two months, and it is well understood that those who wish to make money by mere hand work should not go before the first of May, when the season for labor will properly open. Until that time the ground will be frozen and covered with SEOW; there will be no gras9 for horses, and there cannot be much travel, or prospecting of new ground. There is nothing to justify the present excitement, but thea our people do not want justifica- tion i» such a case. They have come here to make their fortunes, aud they are ready to take their chances at every humbug. They are willing to risk a few hundred dollars for the fun of an adventure, and the hope of making a great fortune. It is of no use to talk to such persons. The warnings against Washoe will do nodollars per pound. So far, its richness increases with depth. Covrr.v.—We quote Bio 17i®18ic; Costa Bica, 20cj Oh* The last quartz they took out yesterday, at the depth of six feet,pays one doil*r to the ounce. To-morrow they could easily take RICK-NO. 1 China, 4$®5c; Carolina, in Whisky barrel*, out $ 100,000 worth of q«artz.'» 7icTHE INDIAN MASSACRE. VcGAR-Refined Crushed, 13®13ic ; No. 1 China, $*"3i$3 25,- Charles Eoesiter -writes as follows from Eureka, un- New-Orlcans, W3)12c. •• ,der date of the 26lh ult, to. The Bulletin.- LAUD—Unward tendency; in Vera, 13c ; in cases, J. H.^Co. *> " The atrocity was perpetrated by white fiends, not because 15//3>ir>ie; Popham it Haxon, 144/®14jc'; other brand* iircaaea,tbe victims had committed any depreda-ion whatever, but 14®]5c. • -^ , , . . , , . aimply because the whites thought they were supplying tho In- PORX—Mes«, ^W^bbL; Extra Clear, $22; balfbbla. do., diana in tbe Bald Bills with ammunition, etc. The. white men $J1-S:$11 25. „•'.-., , * (miscalled men.'J who committed this butchery were encouraged BACOS—14i-3)15ic for Fxtra Clear.and quick*-ned on to tbis bloody work of destruction by a ma- HAMH—450 bbls. Amos Billings's, 13c ; sold at auction, ,*eing jority of the citizens and stock-owners, who say that nothiag tbe balance of last year's stock. • ^ . -_vlets th/in an extermination of an innocent, starving and degraded BUTTKK—Stock farre and receipt* heavy; we think 27Jc V J» race will quench tbeir thirst for blood and diabolical deaigna. an extreme quotation for.New Eastern." Tbis morning. Sunday, between 3 and 4 o'clock, the people LIQVOKS—Market exceedingly dull; American rule from 45© residing on tbe Bay were aroused from their slumbera by the 5fc as the extremes for Brandy, Bum, Gin, Pore Spirits, and rcporta of pistols, etc.. which proceeded from Indian Isl'ind, Whisky.about three-quarters of a mile distant, opposite the Town of SPIEITS TURPKXTIXK we quote nominal at 65®70c, in can*. Eureka. A small boat started from tbe city wharf for the sceneof this bloody tragedy, and returned with the intelligence that SOUTH AND CENTRAL AMERICA* the bodies of about forty Indians lay stretched on the Islanddead: and it is suppored that when the full particulars are mknown, the number will not fill short of one hundred and twentyin all. The aforementioned massacre waa headed (as reported PERU.by an Indian, and beb'eved by a majority of the people) by a Peru appears to be again on the verge of war, and ifc white man named Brown, and four other savage* of the same is reported that President Castilla is at once to march hue. A gentleman returned from the acene of tbe massacre says with his entire expedition against Bolivia, in order to that it is the most dicgnsting oight he ever witnefaed." Since the above was written it has been reported that similar quell the spirit of dissatisfaction which reigns ther«>' The following is a newspaper account of a terrible arv, from Salvador to the 25th, from Nicaragua to thoments of perturbation, wht«h at home as well as it will frankly aid in overcoming the obstacles whichabroad, might impede the regular and pacific develop- such a solution might encounter, and obviating the in-_ ^ment of the order of things prevailing in Italy. A toogreat extension of the territory of Sardinia, which like manner with respect to the Romagna and to the_ ^of pme unbumed quartz, twenty inches wide and six feet deep, CAJJDJ KS—>forket dull; we qnote Adamantine 19®20c-y ro j1st. To accomplish immediately the annexation of Talleyrand render, it is aware, the dangers much moretb« Duchies of Parma and Modena.2d. To give to Sardinia the temporal administrationof titie Romagnas. under the form of a Vicarait, which, according to M. de Thouvenel, would give satisfaction to the Catholic and municipal feeling ol tho population, at the same time respecting the high sovereignty of the H e i r See.3d. To reestablish the autonomy of Tuscany, the Spnlation of which (such, at least, is the opinion of , de Thouvenel) by no means shares the desire of absorbing in a more extended kingdom its noble andglorious traditional individuality.. After having explained tbis combination, M. deThouvenel adds, th<»t France would engage to support it m a Congress or in a Conference; that she would prevent aa foreign intervention of a nature to placoebsUetes to the execution of this plan, in order that Sardinia, on adherfog to these propositions, shouldhmvs Fraoce behind her and with her.In the contrary hypothesis, the French Governmentwonld take its own interest as the only guide as re- frankness the intentiot s of the King's Government, Itbeir own pockets. This appeared to him a great re- commendation, and he feared that great excitement would be provoked in tho councils of a certain literary institution, if any ferocious personage like himself (Mr. DickeDS) should have tbe audatity to propose that its affairs should be managed like tlwse of the Royal Society of Musicians.This good story of the British musicians, like tbe stories told by Scheherazade in the "Arabian Nights," bad now been going on for a hundred and twenty-two nights, but it might well go on for a thousand and one. So long as mankind lived and loved, so long as theirupset, and jumped off, whereby he received the injury. The Plaeerv'illc Democrat of the 25th February says: " Every person seems to be rushing to Western Utah. Daily-S ds its ulterior resolutions; it would reassume the ependesceof its policy in order to duengAge its responsibility, and place itself oat of the reach of allevmphcation.Reserving myself to treat in another dispatch the ar-guments which-have reference to Central Italy, I lose ne time in making you acquainted, M. le Chevalier, with the , answer which his Majesty's Government deems it its duty to return to these propositions, which 4t has made the subject of serious examination and coa- esientions discussion. Emanating from a Government widen has so many claims on the gratitude of Sardinia,think it my duty, before I conclude tbis dispatch, to add some reflections on the proposal to restore to Tuscany her autonomy, to which the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Emperor appears to attach a great importance. M. de Thouvenel fears that a too great extension of Sardinia would render the task of the King's Government more difficult, aud expose it to be led away by the extreme parties who would no longer find a sufficient counterpoise in monarchical traditions and in the conservative instincts of the old provinces ofPiedmont. I confess that I cannot participate in those fears. If the annexation of Csntral Italy takes place, Tuscany very probably will form the province whichers who, though unknown to fame, and out of reach of the rewards and profits of their profession, were in-situated In the bay opposite Eureka, and is abont a quirt^r of a mile from the latter place. Eight or t*n Iniiana escaped tho massacre, and made their way to Eureka, where they placed themselves under the protection of the citizens. A party of the latter immediately proceeded to the is'and, where they fonnd t» icty six .butchered in eold blood—among them several infants only a ftw weeks old. No trace of the murderers couli be fonnd, ex«ept tbe remains of their victim*." At about the same hour of the above massacre, another party of white men attacked an Indian camp at Table Bluff, a few miles below the entrance to Humboldt Bay, where they slaugh- tered about forty men, women and children." It is thought by the citizens that, at the same time, the Indian encampments on Eel River, Bear River, and in Mattole Valley, were attacked; it being generally supposed that the maesnere was preconcerted and simultaneous throughout the country.'.'Tbe citizen* of Eureka and aronndtbe bay were bitter in heir feelings toward those engaged in this slaughter, and were mdous.to bring them to punishment "The Son&ra Age tells the following story:" A Mr. Connor of Poverty Hill waa killed atxorktown on Wednesday morning, under the following circumstances: Therefact, hitherto prevented his Holfeees fromI do not say to measures calculated to limit hieeign authority, hut even to reforms which were sug-into Am^pp • $$^i;wmwi'mww*a*m g»t«6 of the town to be closed to prevent egress; and ordered,the shops to b» opened, an order which wasmkTERa|M jpi ESS i 1The Sacramento Union has the following article on 'n honor of a zealous and earnest friend of thfe on»rt& in 8acramento County: ' """" .. wagon and emigrant route. An advanced p«amv«d from Liverpool onj BM*MB£* with London papers of the 10th. iwd countries, might lead to certain results eontrary portrait'of King Victor Emanuel were, on the first day•to the precepts of religious morality, of which the Sov- ereign Pontiff justly considers himself the supreme guardian. A very recent fact corroborates this aBfier-of Lent, found in the churches. At Bologna the carni- val was dull; none of the great families cave balls or parties, and the balls at the theater were but poorly at-a , : e ntion. When France desired to P«* • . i £ tended. The Bolognese are, so to speak, almost buriedSer, when the thermometer fell to 42 degree* below zero. Dur-HHa9»$ A note from Count Cavour, addressed to M. de Ni- action necessary to permit the proposed plan to have«sa at Pari«. dated 29th February, has been published any useful result. I am of opinion that France, pro- tery; were driven back into the town by the Swissspondent of The Alia writes thua under date of the amined during tbe past summer."express reserve on the part of the King of Sardinia to negotiate with the Holy See, and to obtain its assentalone in the deserted streets. On the following day TRBASUKE IJST PER BALTIC.thia morning at 4 o'clock, in Weston's brick building near the corner of K and Seventh streetig. It was oc- cupied by A. Searle, aa a carriage shop. Eight vehi- cles were burned. The basement was used aa a store room for hay, by J. R. Toll, twenty tuna of which were burned. . The fire next extended to T«&«l>riclcconvenience which may-Jollow from it. It will act in•It may safely be said that five thousand persons are that is permeated with threads of sold, and will pay above ten Sp« rm 40c *> lt>; Patent Sperm 57c V ttJ. „ , ' ~, *oppose it. Indeed, did we wish to do so, we could musicians, not a heterogeneous coDcourse of nonde-not. In the pr<sent state of public opinion, a Ministry who would refuse a second demand for annexation, sanctioned by a second popular vote on the part of Tuscany, not only "would no longer find support in Parliament, but would soon be overthrown by a unanimous vote of censure. In acceptinc beforehand the contingency of annex- ation, the King's Government takes upon itself an immense responsibility. The formal declarations con- tained in the dispatch of M. Thouvenel to Baron descripts and toadies, with here and there a musiciau smuggled in among them, but an association of profes- sional gentlemen, all animated by the love of the com- mon art, who had formed a benefit society to make provision for the relief, not of their own old age, dis- tress or infirmities, but of those casualties in the lives of their less fortunate brethren of tbeir widows andorphan children.This society managed its own affairs, and that in a manner so excessively ungenteel that it only paid two email salaries for real work, while the governors actu-serious which it may produce. If it do not recede be- fore them, it is because it is convinced that by reject- ing the demand of Tuscany, not only tbe cabinet, but King Victor Emanuel himself, would lose all influence and all moral authority in Italy,. and would probably be reduced to the alternative of governing by force. Rather than hazard in such manner the great work of regeneration, for which France has made so many gea- eroas sacrifices, the honor, and even the interest, wellunderstood of our country, urge the King and his gov- ernment to expose themselves to the most perilous chances. I venture to flatter myself that M. de Thou-venel will appreciate the motives which engage us to follow the hue of conduct I have traced out, and, even should he continue to believe that we are taking a wrongcourse,thathewillkindlydojusticetothe sentiments which prevent us from conforming entirelyally paid the expenses of their own meetings out of more fl^od than did those against Fraser, Kern River,to the counsels which come from a government forwhich we are accustomed to have as much sympathyas deference. *.fter having explained with entire the strings, or the keya; that the melodious breathW.B.Farwell,oneoftheeditorsof TheAlta,had a leg broken near Folsom on Tuesday last, while on hisThus a ninety-sixth interest in the Comatoek lead has - and the benevolent solicitude of which for the condi- will strengthen the confervative and liberal element custom " of excluding the gentle sex from the dinner been sold for $10,000 last week, by a person whocur in giving that country a marked superiority to the national opinions of the moderate party. Tbe events of 1848, and still more those which have occurredI do not mean to go deeply into the discussion of the the annexation of Tuscany have a greater inconve- them off the seat by the collar, and had him locked up way from 2®3 per cent, and nothing ia being done nnder the former figure. This tightness in financial affairs may measurablypropositions' which have been communicated to me. nience, and would it present more danger with respect- in the vestry. A eecond young man shared the same be attributed to recent speculative operations-in certain descrip-Whatever objections they may present, and some of to our foreign policj 1 I would not dare to contest it if fate. Clothes were torn, but policemen refused to in tions of merchandise, but mainl? to the disposition manifestedwhich I shall point out hereafter, it is certain that they we had only to ebooee between annexation or the res- terfere, as nobodv would give Mr. King in custody. of late to invest in Washoe stock, a feeling which seems to per- vade the bubinean community, to a remarkable extent. LargeMarch 11, when leaving Nassau, at 5 p.m., for Ha- has long existed among the people of Poverty Hill a feeling of. vana, with a fresh breeze from the north and a consid-within the last year, prove that the great majority of the Tuscans know how to unite warm patriotism withhortility against Chinamen, which has manilessed itself on sev- eral occasions, in. attempts to drive the Celestials from their homes, by destroying their cibins and mining implements. In all of theee acta of aggression, Judge Brunton has always taken the part of tho Chinamen, several of whom were living in cabins b*lousing to the Judge/and situated -within his inclosares- At 2 o'clock on Wednesday moming a crowd of men surrounded ) io horlse and commenced firing pistols. Judge Bruuton wat from home. The family constated of Mrs. B., who wan sick abed, ber daughter, and two boys, aged about IT and 19 years respec-ties, which it is beyond the power of the King's Gov--""'>'*anmient to overcome; and this, in consequence of the a sentiment of well declared order; and, consequently, choristers' seats. The rector ordered them out, stating lequirements of steamer day, than we have noticed at similarAllowing considerations, the force of which, I hope, if they are united to us they will strengthen our con-JC de Thouvenel will appreciate. stitutional edifice in place of weakening it. Would They refueed to go. Mn King then dragged one of meana of investment in loans, on good collateral, at rotes all thesoldiers, with the design of forcing them to take partin the masquerade. The people refused to do anythingof the kind, and retired home, leaving the Swiea mer-;The most destructive fire that has occurred m this• 2,647 to the new state of things by means of certain obliga- numbers of tricolor bouquets were fuund on the tombs, 3G. Bolkley & Son*... 15,71? LB. Newton & Co.... 12,022tion his Majesty would aottract with it; these obliga- tions to consist in the acknowledgment of the entire sovereignty of the Pope, and in aa engagement to co operate even by force of srms in the maintenance of his independence, and to contribute to a certain extent toward the expenses of the Court of Rome. AccordingA. Belmont & CoJ. H.Coshul&C©....W. T.Oblernnn&Co.Chae. W . Crobfcy.....jd. Cohn & Co........poverty from a number of our citizens, and plunging them head.over beelfi without any probation or preparation, into thedepths of sudden wealth- The quartz developmcnta have reallyput a new face on the affairs of tbis region, which will ere Ion,'be seen and felt abroad, there ia now a possibility of waabin; stable, and above by the old County Caurt buttdingt, out cash enough irom our quartz ledges to construct ditchea suf-with patriotic inscriptions appealing to King Vicfco Emanuel to come and take possession of the provinc of Perugia."CHARLES DICKENS ON MUSICIANS.On the evening of March 8, the Royal Society ofannual meeting at the freemasons' Tavern, London. Wm. HOP© &. C o . . . . 10,000musician, of cource now deceased, one who had a E. C Kmgkt&Co,... E. Kelrj &Co........$3,194 200their arrastra, and after grinding for two days on common quartzthat would p*y about $300 per tun, for the purpose of smoothin? fallino; into the flames. It ia said that the fire was the bod ana filling up the ert vices, tb«y proceeded to tumble i i caused by incendiaries. Several of the engines bell-sulted in this institution, to which Handel himself be- queathed the munificent dona-ion of, £1,000. Since that time many things and many fashions, as well as many musicians and other men bad gone', ruffles aud powder, lace and buckles, white-caped greatcoats, huge cravats and top- boots had gone; but the good seed, which was sown by the musicians of that time, had not perished any more than their good music, which still flemished ever young and new in the jouug ears and on tbe young lips and fingers of every new generation. [Cneers.] The seed which was sown a hundred and twenty-two years ago now flourished in this Rojal Society of Muwcians, which recommended itself to him (Mr. Dickens) because it was a real thing; hecau*e it was in fact, as well as in name, a society of$16 per ounce. Beside thia. tlnre were aome fifty oncea taken out of tbe cracka in the bed of the arrastr», which escaped their notice on the first cleaning np—which makea four hundred and ninety ounces for the first day's work with the primitive Mexi- can grinder. . ' • ,M a r k e t s ^SATCKDAY EVKWTXO, M a r e h 3 , I860.nature was sensitive, affectionate and grateful, musiccould never cease. And through all tbe sweet soundstheyweretohearthatnight,onetouchingstrainwouldmake itself audible to their souls, remiudmg them thatthe hand could not always keep its hold on the bow, way to Waehce. He supposed the stag£*was about to18<h, and from Costa Rica to the 3d iust.The couctry is quiet, and the periodicale eontainvery little of intere&t. The Senate has approved the treaty of limits made by the British Minister on the 30th of April last.SALVADOR.Gen. Barrios has been elected President of thia Re-public for tbe next five years- and Don Joe6 FelixA great number of sales of stock in eilverleadsinthe This toast, and all the others, were drank with cor] Washoe country have been reported during the lastdial acclamations.Mr. Dickens very amusingly denounced " the savagefew weeks, and some of them at terrible prices.the most. The constitution of property, the morals of table, and promised to t»ke the chair again next yearthe inhabitants, and their distinguished traditions con- if the committee would place a lady 0$ his aright, aaid bought about two months aco for $2JO00. A share inanother on his left hand. , ••••'.*•At the close of the Rev. Thomas Richardson's lecture in the Church of St. George's-in-the-East on Sunday, the 8th, a body of young men took poseession of tbeihe Ophir lead sold for $35,000—$20,000 being paid down in cash. Most of the sales and purchasea are' made by men who never crossed the iSierra Nevada,and never saw a silver mice. : .The Mercantile Gazette says:'* There is grea'er stringency in the money market to meet the thitbewas "legally the freeholder of the church." periods for some time psst. Capitalists generally find readyerable swell on the bar, a colored man, one of the crew of the pilot-boat, which was towing alongside, was pitched overboard. The ship was stopped, and the boat instantly left for his rescue, while two life- buoys were thrown from the ship. The boat got close enough to give bim the end of an oar, which he took, and cried, " For God's sake, save me!" The men Were about f>o haul him into the boat, when he waa carried down by a^large shark, which came up at the moment, taking the car with him. The oar and life-buoys sub-eeatatn a solution much more advantageous for Italy toration of the dynasty of Lorraine. If this solution On Monday a numerous body of tbe parishioners of St. purchases of interest*, are being made, «nd not nnfrequently by ively. On .be firat alarm they held a consultationtand resolvedday after the peace of Yillafranca. difficulty, and it would immediately receive the sanction Court for summonses against the Rev. Bryan King and and hope for tbe baoia of their operations. Nothing more ia fi) ?ng, whioh soon arouted the neighbors, two of whom shortly of Europe. But a prince, freely electedj will meet the the Rev. Thomas Dove Dove for assault. Several known in regard to the extent or value of theee mines, than waa arrived at the scene, and saw ihe marauders retreating, carryingThe complete destruction of Austrian influence on < known before tbe setting in of Winter. Though this Washoe one i f their comrades, who died in a few hours."Ike right bank of the Po, the exclusion of every same opposition at Vienna, and will excite more objec- summon?es were granted. After some remarks from business may not prove ds dangerous en experiment as the The Democratic S*ate Convention met at Sacracaento thought of restoration, and, finally, a lay and liberal tions at St. Petersburg and a*- Berlin than King Victor Mr. Smith, one of the complainants, Mr. Yaxdley granted Fraser River migration, it is to be feared that far too many may on the 29th ult., and elected the following Delegates tosequently drifted onjshore that evening, but notrace of henents, the importance of which we eannot refuse to If, 'therefore, a prince were Imposed on the Tuscans sooner these; jeuds ended the better. They had become memory. The Spring emigration to Carton Valley promises Tuolumne County, John S. Dudley of Siskiyou, Austin the man was seen afterward.•Government secured to the Romagnas, are immense Emanuel himself annexing Tuscany to his dominions. a summons,againBt the Rev. Bryan King, and said the obtain a taste of experience at a cost lhat may embalm its tbe Charleston Convection: George W. Patrick ofadmit. It is, therefore, possible, that if this solutionagainst their will, great interior difficulties would be at prexent to be large, and hundreds have already taken upalmost intolerable. He hoped Mr. Smith would go to the line of march in that direction." E. Smith of San Francisco, John Raines of Los Angeles, SirWm. Gore Ouseley and family came passengershad been proposed in the1 month of August, it would created at home without any compensation as regards the superior courts, and both parties' would obtain a . The Treaaurer of the Mint make* the following re- J. A. Dreibelbis of Shasta, Major John Bidwell of in the Karnak. I have been accepted, if no , with enthusiasm, at least foreign policy. Ir. my ODinmn, therefore, tbe reestab- good doee of litigation. He almost feared the people port for February: Butte, Major Bradley of Calaveras. Resolutions werewkhout repugnance, by Central Italy. lishment of an autonomy m Tuscany presents ne advan- of St. George's-in-the-Ea8t had their Sunday's amuse- During thia month, 515 deposits of gold bullion for coinage adopted indorsing the Cincinnati platform and the Ad- By the Karnak we have Nassau papers to the 14th That, however, cannot be the case atpres«nt. Sar- tage, but it may produce serious complications and ment at too cheap a rate; it ought to be more expen- were received, amounting to 37.69G.87 ounces gross, containiug ministration of James Buchanan, and declaring D. S. inst., inclusive.dinia may still, out of deference toward France, accept great inconvenience. A throne surrounded with lib-, sive. Mr. King and Mr. Dove, after a private hearing, 37,0-13.852 ouncen ntandardf gold, worthit, as as far as she herself is concerned, in order to put eralinstitutions, which would have neither the princi- have, it is said, heeu fined. and 4,000.81 ounces standard»ilver, worcJh.an end to a precarious state of things, replete with ple of legitimacy nor that of a popular voice to support A crowded meeting of operative bakers was held at Total value, gold bars$b'89,lB7 99. Dickinson to be California's first choice for the Presi- 4,655 53 dency.$693,843 52 The Latham party had a majority in the ConventionA complimentiary entertainment was given on tbe9th inet., at Nassau, -o the Hon. C. K. Nesbrtt, Colo-nial Secretary of New-Providence, promoted to beLieutenant-Governor of the Island of St. Vincent.danger and opposed to hex' interests; but it is not it, would be witnout roots and without aid. The ultra Exeter Hall on Wednesday evening, Lord Shaftesbury /Fifty deposit? of silver bullion, amounting to 39,906.70 ounces, over the Gwin and Weller men. " ,conservative party, and that fraction of the clerical dou.bi.fnl that these propositions would meet in Tns- party which confound the interests of religion wir.h> aany, and in the Romagnas, the most serious di/iical- those of divine right would oppose it to the death. The• ties, which the King's Government cannot hope to Bime may be said of the national partyj which eertainly a. m. to 4 p. m. There are from 10,000 to 12,000 bakerscontaining 41,8ti0.70 ounces standard silver, worth and 863,825 ounces standard gold, worthTotal value, 8ilv«r bars .'... COI.VAOH—(;OIO>.$59,101 16 16,071 19overcome. in tbe metropolis, working for the most part in cellarsThe populations of these countries have been ad • will not abandon the idea of annexation. Who would and other unhealthy places, and dying off, on the ave- Do/»ble eagles...^Washoe, or to invest in property affected in price by$510,000 the Waenoe fever. It is said the importers and job- ex-President of the United States being proposed, $bat46,00034,000 bers of Front street are dealing extensively in Washoe, gentleman made a very handsome and eloquent re-defend it ? The partisans of municipal ideas. But . ntinistfcxed /or more than eight.months by a National those are few in number, and tbey are diminishingrage, at 42 years of age.The strike among the 8cotch iron-workers continues.The ironmasters of the West of Scotland held a meer- ing in Glasgow on Wednesday, at which they resolvedHalf eagles Uuarter eagles...• Government, which has known bow to reconcile the Most ardent patriotism with a remarkable spirit of moderation and prudence. That conduct, to which M. de Thouvenel is pleased to render justice in his dis- patch to the Marquis de Moustier, has won for the pop- ulations of Central Italy the praise of the whole of- Xnrope. The result is that the feeling as to the rights of disposing of their own condition is strongly devel- oped among them. It is strengthened by the assux-• .aoces formally repeated by the Government of the .Emperor that it should never be permitted that any particular form of government should be imposed upon them by force; it has acquired an irresistible vigor vsince the publicity given to the four English proposi- tions, the first two of which were accepted by Prance without reserve, and establish in a peremptory manner. ftp principle of non iotervention-With such a state of things before us, Sardinia mustdaily, for ideas follow each other everywhere,_ and par- ticularly in Italy, in a contrary current to municipal in-$590,000$17,000 $607,000some buying mining stock and others preparing to es- sponse, which is reported in full n The Nassau.Jfanit herself to transmitting to the Governments of ment of Florence. It's feebleness would infallibly at-had received her boilers, aDd would proceed to join thoests in leads reported to be xicb. Jfublic rumor has it that an- other citizen of Sweetland, S. T. Cuitis—who ia now'represent- ing th<8 county In the Assembly—has also valuable interests inL. Horn; Frederick Spies agt. Elizabeth Spies; Ami M. Gimmy agt. John Gimmy;. and Hamilton J. May agt. Helen A^ May.tract to Tuscany the ardent spirits, the violent nwn of all parties in Italy. This country would sborcly be- come u revolutionary fo;u&, dangerous even for neigh- boring countries. Tbani s to these foreign elements, legal opposition would be transformed into violent and. effing the interests of Italy with the exigencies of Eu- subvermve opposition, and would place, afcer some rope. It is hardly probable that these Governments, time, the sovereign between a revolution and a coupCentral Italy the propositions of France, without let- ting th«m remain in ignorance of any of the motives whxh have led the Government of the Emperor, afterexpedition forlivsh.h.the expedition progresses well. The U. S. steamship Pulaski was at Montevideo on the 1st of February., mature reflection, to consider them as the solution most .proper to secure the maintenance of peace by recon-Divorces were granted day before yesterday, in the Twelfth Dif trict Court, in the cases of Catherine fc>.1 earnestly de*ire that M. de Thouvenel would be so good as to take iDto consideration theee observations -complete and as unmistakable as possible. For that on the project of constituting Tascany into a separate state. Whatever judgment he may pass upon it, the reasons I have given will at least prove to him that we cannot become supporters of the solution which heEXCHXSQS'do by tiwrfourth English proposition, in consulting the nation, so as to obtain a manifestation of its wishes as* .purpose &ey will, perhaps, adopt the means of univer aal and direct suffrage, as the one of which the resultwith regard t« tho Washoe region, and will, we friar oauno si prodfaious rush thitherward by the opening of Spring. W e say we ft?ar (his, because we know that the majority who go to the euttem elope will be sure of nothing but disappointment, with a Chance for numerous disagreeable c o n t i n g e n t a beside." W e made a trip to tlio silver mines last Fall, after the rich- ness 01 the ledge first struck had been demonstrated, and saw abundant reason in the geological features of the country, to warrant the oellof that many other rich veins would ultimately be discovered. But we saw also thut the mines were not of u cheracter to afford immediate support to a largo papulation of adventurers without capital or experience, and advised all who lacked the indispensable requisites of rnoimy, courage, strengthTotal, 2,917.Much excitement prevails through Oregon and Washington in relation to the Simil-Kameen mines. Many psrsonp have started to go thither, and reports from thoee already there Bay they are making $90 and $50 a day.Sugars is rapidly necumuhtwjr. The crop wfil not be an aver- ago ono, owing to tbe diouth of Inst season.RUSTIC HONESTY,—What a striking contrast be- tween the Democracy of Queemi County and their brethren of the Cily and County of New-York the fol- lowing extract from The Sun of Friday presents:4B*ay be the least contested.The communication of which I have just spoken willproposes.Be so good as to read and leave a copy of this dis-patch with biB Excellency tbe Minister of ForeignAffairs. I avail myself of tbis occasion to offer the re-newed assurances of my distinguished consideration.C. CAVOUK.>SYMPATHY WITH THE POPE.Tbe Glornale di Roma of April 25, says:44 Within the last few weeks various addresses fromhe made this very day either to M. Farim or BaronBieasoU If the French Government deems it necee- *• aa*y to advance any arguments or considerations which ***frtW* aW$»*» toTuscanyortothe Romag- na, I ehalUaae no tune in transmitting them honestly, at the same time inviting them to give these arguments - saeh a degree of publicity as M. de Thouvenel mayA meeting had bees called in Steilacoom to consultabout the best means of getting i»n importation ofyoung women. Tlie call was eigned by 95 bachelors.The following is a copy of the aaveitised call in 7'hc articles of their Constitution be published in The N«v York $tmdeem .fitting.1onfirined our first estimate of the mineral reaanrcea of the" ATTKNTION, BACUKLOWS !—Relieving that our only chance for u realization of the benefits and early attainmenta of matrimo-tu>d J.otiti hlnnd Time: "th. That no member of this Club shall ROprivately to any candidate and represent himself aa author- ized to ute hi» influenru for any purpose, but that the candidate be rolened to the Committee, and by them referred to tae whole Club. 8'h That *»ery member of the Committee, officers aud member* of the Club, declare, with uplifted arm. not to reeaiv*, under any pretenne. any biibe, or anything that, could becou- sidered 'is *uoh, directly or indirectly, from any candidate ©r-bi»Y et I thin* it right to observe that if the propositionrelative to the Romagna be presented in the form it as- Germany baye b*on presented to the Holy Father, raoee in axe dispatch of M. de Thouvenel, we expose in the name of the Catholics of that country.< antern slope, while at \bo same time they have deepened our* •ourselves to seeing it rejected almost unanimously by Among these sent from Bavaria, the address from the ihe Bomagnols. On his part, the Holy Father would archdiocese of Monich has 80,000 signatures; that from probably give It a etSl lees favorable reception than if the diocese of Wuraburg, 50,400; from the diocese ofprofitably employed here; or If ho haa plenty of~m««n« unddoe* not need employment, but wants more wealth, let him go;ouch an arrival a united effort is callsd for on our part, we ro- KpecUullv request a full attendance of all eligible end sinceroly- desirous bachelor of thin community to asHomhle on Tuesdayhe aboiote separation of these provinces were in ques- ion.The idea of a Vkarait, implying that of a direct in- terference of the Court of Borne in internal adminis- tration, would encounter among the population of those countries absolute resistance. It would be impossible tojnake them aeeept it otherwise than by force. Sub- mitted to the test of popular suffrage, that proposition would hardly meet with any favor; and on this point tibere eaa be no sort of doubt. It is, moreover, evi-/ient that Ihe Holy Father would sot accept this com- JriBSstion, however inspired it might bo by the desire of iw.vi»g his rights, and of not lowering the high position 9 & » h* .ctfawpies in Italy. What has, in point ofPaseau, 35,019; and from the diocese of Spire, 20,000. The address from the archdiocese of Cologne was signed by 165 000, and that from Brealan by 107,000. The Bishop of Culm, in Eastern Prussia, has also sent two volumes of signatures."The U. S. brig Dolphin was at Pernambuco Feb. time and slender purse on ailver hunting. Ho should reflect vise ways and means to secure this much-needed und desirable If tho Democratic Clubs of New-York were to come tbot tho rich oreu lie covets ore mostly imbedded in clifla or immigration to our shores.—Signed by D. V. K. Woldron, S. K to ihe ettme honest resolve, we imagine that candidates«#'*y• .• • A.:>•- K<i /'' •Vt'Ai)' •.<-•;presiding, tjO promote an agitation for shortening theirThe shipment of treasure by to-day's steamers will be unusually small, and the decrease is attributed tohours of work from twenty or more to twelve, from 4Ex-President Pierce, Sir Gore Ouseley aud other dis- ...$75,172 34 Washoe. Everybody is raising money to go to tinguished gentlemen were present. The health of theT otal..... terest*. Without friends, and in tbe presence of de to continue to keep cut their furnaces, and not to meet Half dollars.SILVJKK. '.tablish branch houses and make large shipments of merchandise.The Vanderbilt steamer Cortes will not sail to-flayGvardian. . . WRECK.—The Am. brier Maria, Wilson, master, from.termined adversaries, the new sovereign, howevergreat bis personal merit, would be shortly reduced to again for the consideration of that particular question.absolute impow ncy. It may be objected, perhaps, as I The prosper of an early adjustment of this unfortunateWilmington bound to Matanzas, with a cargo of yel- All these silver deposits are from Washoe, and reach your ci?y until three or four days after tbe publi- low pine lumber, waa totally lost on tho 3d instant,dispute is thus <iestro>ed. The men on strike are' amount to more than a tun and a half,have already observed, ihat Tuscany possesses conser ., containing cation of this letter. The Cortes arrived from Panamaholding out determirjedly. about $10,000 of gold to a tun of silver, Standard eil on the 3d iust., five days after the Pacific Mail Sfceam- The Prince of WaleB has been appointed by the ver means silver alloyed to tae etandard of coin; that suip Company's boat entered the harbor.vative elements. I will rep^ to that objestlon that Lord-Lieutenant of Oxfordshire to be Honorary Colo- is, it is silver alloyed with one- ninth of its weight of A fire occurred on the 2d inst. on the corner of Mis-near Fish Cay, Abaco. The cargo of the vessel was sold by auction as it lay on the reef, and the materials saved takeu to Abaco.the Tuscau8 are moderate without being apathetic nel of the Oxford University Rifle Volunteer Corps. or indifferent, and that the parties there, althoughThe advices from Matthew Town state that salt- copper. This furnishes the explanation of the fact that sion and Fremont streets. The following person* raking had commenced with good prospects.not extreme, profess, nevertheless, decided opinions. Now a government which find3 itself in contradiction with the principles of all parties wou!d be certain of meet'-ng an opposition, if not violent, at least xery de- termined. Bat the internal opposition would not be the greatest danger which would menace the Govern-39,90(5 ounces of Washoe silver contained 41,8(50 ounces were the chief losers:A correspondent at St. Salvador baj favored us with the following letter, in relation to the pineapple crop, ccc, at that island: -ST. SALVADOR, March 6. -I would respectfully remind shippers and their cor- respondents, that ten thousand dozen pineapples, of four different kinde (including tho red), may be calcu-lated on this season, the plants being very promising; last year t-ix thousand dozen'were shipped, leaving half that quantity unsold and wasted, to the great k>s of the phu.tero, who expended in the culture much time and unremunerative labor.FROM POKTO RICO.—The bark E. Cashing of Wis- casBett, from Arroyo, P . R., 1st inst., arrived at this port on Saturday morning. She brings the following report:AUROYO, P. R., March 1.—SCGAKS, 4@4$C, as to cuaJRy. Moiu^w,\4'ib\5c p*rgHllon. KKBIOUTStotbeUnitedStates,40c. for Sogar and $ 3 50 for United States, 3 $> cent.; dull.The general hsalth of the crew and officers was good. The flag ship Congress had left on a cruise. The brigs the issue of popular .suffrage, should take on them the d'etat, supported by a foreign fore 3—a fatal alterna- Perry aid Baihbridge.were at Rio, replenishing theirFrederjia Thuerkauf.We have news from Portland to the 27th ult., fromresponsibility of a resolution so grave, and which pro- tive, which, by profoundly altering the character of a nounces, on the destiny of these populations. national movement, woula be for Italy the source ofTheyresist,naturally,astheyhavebeenengagedto incalculablewoes.interests which oo^tthem only $50,000 altogether, remarks thataccording to recent reports, ' the citizens of Graaa Volley, 00. am' investment ofles« thun $20,CC0, liuyo received $150,000, and1 can te)l out the balance at any time for more than five time*'thatiiinounw-'—or$750,000. Whew!weprotestaj»ainat'thoir Overtwenty-one,males,1,163;females,670.Between sellina out, for if ©vervbody becomes wealthy who is to fill the four and twenty-one, males, 368; females, 323. Under OlFlCHB ?" W e quote tbe above aH a sample o<" tb»* unreliable rumorH four, males, 147; females, 203. Colored, males,' 10; which, more than positive facts, are inflaming tfce.puMic miud females, 6. Chineiie, malet», 23; females, • 4.NA VALINTELLIGENCE.of standard silver.The Hydraulic Press, pnhliehedatSanJuan, XevadaCounty, not far from Washoe, publishes the following article on the present excitement:Sam'l A. Metcalf. $15.0f0 Smith & B i s h o p . . . . . . . . $1,000 Utttia Is. Bailer 6,000 Tyl«r&Coop (Eagle Cof-The latest advices from Captain Page, commandingthe United States exploring expedition on the riverParish & Wadboma 5,000 fee MillsJas. Biokon. 4,OC0 Henry Langland.. A. Brooks 2,0001,0<>0 1,000Paraguay, state that the chartered steamer Argentina . and ie-ve'ral other citizens of Sweetlaud, have ,gone or are goingDivorce suits have lately been commenced in thisAll continue in good health, an«lBtores and preparing for home. DifpatchesrecentlyreceivedatWashington,fromFlag Officer Inman, commanding the African Squad- ron, give the movements of the squadron in fall, but nothing of interest, regarding the slave-trade. The health of the squadron was good. A court of inquiry is being held on Commander Lockwood, of the U. S. ship Cyane.' It is suggested that Captain Bowen, re- cently in command of the Ordnance Department at the Brooklyn Yard, will be sent out to take command of Cynne. Lieutenants Henry, Erben, and Wm. L. Brad ford, have been ordered to the store-ship Supply.Ohtnpia to tbe 28th, and from Victoria to the 29th. The census of Portland, juBt completed, shows:on the 18th instant, with the passengers aud treasureseamship Golden Gate. The Baltic brings 420 pas- bimaei/ into a nice little forton", which induced him to »end for sent one of his civil engineers to Washington a* bearer of des-isengers, and $895,000 in treasure.The shipment of treasure ia unusually small, on account, it is said, of the very large investments in the Washoe silver mines."The quartz fever haa continued to hold undisputed poaaeaaion The United States frigate Sabine and store-ship Re- of thia hitherto quiet people; and it cannot be disputed that there are indications of an extension of its ravogea to adjoining counties, and abroad; and email wonder ia it that such ia the case, when it ia known that within the last six week* old Dame Fortune permitted one of her stray streaka of good luck to strike this obscure corner of the world end-wiae, upsetting ita estab- lished eqnanin: ity. kindly lifting the wet blanket of comparativeAm. Exchange Baak .$120,100 W . MeyerEppinger & CoTotal coinagetill,2 o'clock p. m., and the mail will probably notJ• • • • a • •ficiently extensive to set about 10,0C0 men at work, sluicing ou which he was fitting up as a hoteL Six horses were the ricn hills, gulches, flat*, &c, and thua make na, ia some de- burned in the stable. Two saloons adjoining were gree, independent of auch dry timea aa we have enjoyed thi. damaged by water. Weston's loss is $4,000, no insur-116,000 James Patrick &Co.... J6,Z94 Richard Patrick....... 32.8C0 /. G Parker&Son.... 11,757 S. G. Reed15.000 A. S. B-osenbaum it. Co 4,200 Ross, Falconer & Co.. 8.225 W . Seligman k. C e . . . . 3.P00 Slater & Co65,000 28,000 5,000 5,202 11,85115,508 41,700 8,000Handel to his famous name, was among its earliest andmoBt active promoters, hammering, like the harmoniousblacksmith that he was, at the hearts of his profes- J. A, McGawsional brethren till he forged into them such a secBeof Our thanks are due to Mr. H. G. Bullay, Purser ofself-respect, independence and mutual charity, as re- the Baltic, and to Wells, Fargo & Co/a Express for of four hundred and forty ouucea of gold, which will aasay about4,400 Total$3,394 350pounds of rich quartz; then starting the engine—i. e.. the ropes were cut, which delayed the general alarm* mule—round and round, for about ten hours, when they cleanedGold Bluff, and so forth; and, besides, every excioe- ment of this kind briDgs profit to a considerable class, who know how to-profit by the consequent fluctuations in tbe prices of merchandise, land, and stocks. We are ail speculators, and the struggles of butinese are the source oi a large part of the" pleasures, of lively exigence in California.Wells, Fargo & Co. have established an* expresa of- fice in Carson City, and have given notice that they will send an express messenger across the mountains in every stage.and throughout the south of Peru.must one day fail; and thus might helplessness andpoverty befall most undeservedly some of those play- stages arrive in Placeivilie from Sacramento loaded down with dren, butchering them with axes and knives. Indian Island ispassengers, all eager to cross the mountains at the earliest mo-ment. Arrangements are being made for t)fe establishment of a dispensable to the success of a great orchestral per- daily line of stages between this city and Genoa. A gentleman iust returccd from Virginia City informs us that tho TO&d is formance; the appealing strain on behalf of such a lined with parties going over, and that building in the small poor and worn-out musician, would then.say to him, mir,inp camps i« going on rapidly. The demand for lumber it ia and to all who were listening, "For the sake of the impossible to snpply, bnt in a short time parties will be able to much that music has done for you, do a little forme." live comfortably in tents. The excitemen* seems to be on the increase in Carson Vulley, aa new and rich discoveries are beingQuiros, Vice-President. on the 12th of Februarv.The Senate closed its sessionHe therefore prooosed the toast, "Prosperity to the Royal Society of Musicians."constantly mad-s.COSTA RICA.The revolution in Liberia in favor of ex-PresidentMora has been entirely suppressed by the Govern- ment, and the troops have returned to San Jose. , Thevelections for President were progressing.The Congress is to meet on the 1st of May.Dr. Juan Ecbeverria has tieen recognized New* •Granadian Consul at Costa Rica.WEST INDIES.The British steamship Karnak, Capt. Brownlessrfrom Havana on the 15th inst., and Nassau on the18th, arrived on Saturday morning. On Sunday,•• 13,528$8&5,336ness, and hay, $10,000 insured $4,000. A portion? of a " The Emigrant Company, as it is now called/ have finishel wall fell suddenly, and three or four firemen came*near" W e are informed thnt Orlando and Alvira Evans, 8. Clifford,to We&tern Utah, where some of the party have secured inter- city with these tMeB: Gertrude F. Horn agt. Thomas. tbe argentiferous region, and has realized $17,000 from recen:f.ales of onl> a small portion of hie shares. Whether thia be soor not we are ignorant, bnt everybody hopes it JB. NevadaGounty i» still in luck over there it would R«em. The NevadaNational, alluding to the newspupw assertion th*t certain reai- Boj d agt. Oscar H. Boyd, and George Thuerkauf agt. denta of the county seat had received $80,000 on a partial sale ofC. Moore, Joseph L. S. Kirby, Alexander SanfordFetter, James Wayne Cuyler, E. W. Anderson, Wal- has a few hundred dalkrs that he can afford to loue, and is not of tb« fair »ex fiom tbe Atlantic State*, and that to bring aboutter Abbott, Burdett E. Terrett, nephew to Maj. George H. Terrett of the U. S. M. C.22d, to aail the following day for Bahia. All well on drep-lylmj, W!&tiisof rook, accessible only after costly outlay of WcCuU, Jas. K Jester, a. Ford, Christopher Downey, Egbertboard. Poit healthy. labur und money, if even by such outlay they are found in time 11. Tucker; O. 11. White, O. C. Sborey, and eighty-nev^u would find their election bills wonderfully lessened. Into prevent bankmptcy. Ho should remember, also, that the others." truth, the erornious expenses attending the pursuit ofconntry to which he would hasten contains but limited placer The Dalhs Mountaineer speaks thus of Lieut. Mul-A COUPI.K OK SWINDLING TAILORS.—On Saturday diggings, which are chiefly occupied, and as yet almoat entirely htn's party, emploved on the Walla Walla and Fort s»y office, however trivial, from the multitude of po-afternoon Andrew Gnaner, a Bavarian, waa arrested and com- without water. Until capital bau opened many paying veine, BfT>tcn Wagon Road: litical strikers, and clubs, organized with no other pur-hia family in the Eoat, who- h«va> now poincd him. On ona day patches, in order to urge npon the Department » renewal of biaup snd weighed the proceeds, which amounted to the snug sum* •.'-.i-'*the prompt delivery of California files.From Our Own Correspondent.SAN FRANCISCO, March 5,1860.apparent in the street signs. The stream of population that short apace of time, they had taken out the enormous sum BKAS— bWaJ^MW tun. of $50,000. These figures may seem astounding, but they ex- HAT— $ 16®^18 #> tun.has already commenced to pour over the Sierra. The press nothing moro than solid fact. B KAN^-8ma)l White and Bayoa at 4 c ^ HJ. stages across the mountain are loaded wiih adventurers. " It is now ascertained that there are twelve feet of the ledge P0TATOK8—1.20-ai 25c F lb.•Washoe continues to be the main topic of interest. from the ledge. They worked about six hours, then weighed the being below the market.attBCks have been made at Bucksport. Humboldt Point, and ElkBiver The nnmber of Indians that have been butchered are as GUA TEMALA. . * yet.nnknown. While I am writing the Indiana have kindl«da. From Guatemala our dates are to the 22d of UTebru- fire on the Ibland, and are at present burning the dead."he will gain kucwleJge, if nothing else, and can alrbrd to pay around price for it. But the poor man cannot orudently riek his evening next, February 28, in D$tn & Shorey'a buildtns, to de- agent. ,mitted to prison on complaint of Brook* Brothers, oloihiera, ear- and machineiy haa been emoted, ana cera'ils constructed, thereSINGULAR DEMONSTRATION AT PERUGIA. ner of Broadway and Grand street. Gesner who is a tailor, la will bo but few opportnn^tlea to get employment at wages, par- " We havo received intelHsenco from this important exp*dl- pofeihan to levy blackmail upon candidates, has be- A CAKJilVAr. 8CI.VE IN THE CKMJCTARY—THE GKAVE3 acensed of having obtained $*0 worth of good* to maVe up, bnt ticularly after the snbtidence of the firat grand rush • henoo, the Mon.Ds lot« UK tbe 10th of January, at which time Lieut. Mullanfailed to return the a&me. Several other complaints were made largest number of thoae who fail in their proapentinga will have had nor'e ii to Winter quarters with bis party, on tho St. Resin come t o onerous that only rich men and rogues can af- af>Jn»t the priaoner, charging him with Laving. appropriated no other resource than to lmrry book to discarded, vet incom- Borgia ltiver, ten miles from the main Bitter Root Riv*r. The ford to run for office,- and, as a consequence, since the $400 worth of good* to him own profit. Moat of the property parable California, aa best they may. These warning remark* Work en th« roud was not suspended until the 5th of December,AT>OUWHEr> WITH REVOLUTIONARY EMBLEMS.f r o m E o m e of l h eIhe carnival has terminated in all the provinces of waa found, in various pawn-shopa. Peter Schmidt, another will not, probably, be heeded, but it in our duly to present when, rinding the snow twenty-elx lnohe* deep, Lieut M. former studiously abstain from "dabbling hvdirtyM m P *the Konoan States. At Perugia a demonstration, con- tailor, waa arretted, accrmed of having swindled Brooks Brother* them, and their.wiidom will be indorsed by nvery sensible per- for the Winter, n»d let his mien to work in the woods to erect politics," the latter win place and pwfermea^.aiid2 8 * nit. says:sisting in a promenade tothe cemetarr on the lost day out of $120 worth of goods in the aurne way. The priaoner* son who haa viaitxd ihe really wonderful load that may rival )«p rabfns for their *belter and temporary comfort. To his4tfthe carnival, wa» orgsnized/an4 in coneeo.iienxe of ' areje committad by Juatice Quuekenbhttb.hut o«s never aorpaaaoor own."Winter camp he baa given, tho name of ' Cantonment Jordan,' straightway proceed to plunder the public , «,s ? •-.:• :Untitled Documentdtic.nica it best to drive all hia animals to the Bitter Hoot Valley[ "•'' ':';••<' "''•• — \ • •''-V* -• •"•<• •;:':. si }i .-'• '''iff . - ••:•••;•-•' n *•&' fc'^fttfe-*, '<% WHEAT—The market close* firm; »*Je« ot 600 tec** choiceMilling at 2c $>*tt>: 200 sacka inferior at 1.90c . , BAIILEY—Price firm, holder* not anxiona to sell round Iota at our quotations; 1,000 sacks sold at 2.40c; reported sale*, tor arrive, at 2jjc to a considerable extent, wbica we do notexedU,:••.',;\,t-,., •• •••'• ' '-.Molasaes.on the Tho weather continues favorable for grinding, and the .stock ofjr Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069mmmmmwww.fultonhistory.com 