 M71.tM f.r«,oooito attend to their own rather than to foreign af- fairs. The French question takes precedence of the Italian question. There is a calculated vagueness in the phraseology ef the decree, ad- mitting - of various intexpretaticfn. Nearly all theorgans of public opinion in France have found or forced an interpretation in the most liberal sense, To" conjectural interpretation the journals havean Adonis I What Persigny, however, would make out is tins.: The .admirable liberty of the English press exists by the side of unrepealed laws respect- ing the press more severe than those of France; the English press is, notwithstanding, perfectly and ehvjalily free—-oecause, and only because, it never attacks the principle of the actual English Govern- ment. So soon as French publicists will, then, com- plebriy accept-Nupbleonism as the essential polity of France, then they will be absolutely tree to dis- cuss, criticise, oppose the details of its action. The French press is only not free to be Legitimist, Orieanist, Republican, as the English press in the•a MtHsked c-r. a tool.** t 3 P*r «.THK | K » CALIFOKS• wthSsb^ rr. »'•TW Vm •-•r* .-••'"'•'••.ttsiasi.vi. i ' •w.itThe Constltuiionnel alleges that there is no founda-tion for the news that the Marquis de Lavalette bad casion of the opening of the Congregation of the Comi- advanced a shade, 'xhe entire otferlngx auionuted to about 1,250 insisted, at Constantinople, upon the prolongation of tat of Pesth. Pubfie order has not yet been disturbed. head, at the two yards, all of which were sold at from * 7 50 tott !cent assassination of.President Poinsot.M. Poinsot was a presiding .ludge in one of the Imperial Courts sitting at Paris. One day last week he went out to Troves, a town lying some 90 miles south-easterly from" Paris. What drew him there was a little landed estate thai, he had inherited, the agricultural improvement of which, without muchreference to profit, was his pet hobby./ A Parisian, a bachelor, and an. eminent magistrate, his whim, his love, his passionate fancy was this little piece of land and its improvement, in this Champagne coun- try. There were trees to be planted that he mustAKT. 2. Our Minister Secretary of State in the Home Depart- ment is charged with the execution of the present decree.Done at the Tuileries this 10th day of. December, 13W. Signed, ' NAPOLEON.- The Emperor virited the cx-Minjster, M. Fonld, at hie; hotel, lajst: Sunday, and remained nearly an hour with him.' ' ,LONDON MONEY MARKET-^-Saturday evening, 'Dec.J«bnJ. »^-j Xobert *. wilUtfo*•VJeWlatt* ££gZ?.it, it Reywet....„..»>*>CO©,B.BerodStCo.....^.-$41,200free introduction of opium and Christianity into the in which M. Poinsot had wrapped his legs. It would Celestial Empire, has just-got. to the beginning of appear that, alter being killed, as he was reclining in itsend; thatthere-,isallsorts ofarow'andthreat acornerofthevehiclewithhisbacktothelocomotive,jam TV»vNc*h;-i THE H; Tw* ITHKWOKYoti4 Vw ] ^saoceed &r W. Penison as Governor ofhas just come from a long residence among a free as the refill of his progress through the provinces coal, coat, waiBtcoat, chirt: and liannel waistcoat; andthat m lltmgary th©v Germans consider the -explosionol an organized revolution merely a work of tiine, andhat the Italians will know how to conquer VenetiafmssF^T..pTM^EUROPE.thonsa'ade of signatures, demanding a representation excessive, so long as there was a possibility of theerned'-"^•'•"*^ *'•'*—'^ *$•'j - '•-• --'' • Queer, again, to note,, in this modern.. *,«»*-** M } M 4 B«il.. . . . . 60,000 OivWt...... . . . . . . . . .Verb ~ •... 40.W0-*°' m*l Kelxnont... ..;.130,000 J* iiu, Ord, H< b«r«Totallic -of its late favorite topics. Frefichmen-show ..only oftenec having been that (by one single word) .7ii*,O50 thenaselves ready, and earnest in their readiness, be questioned George the Fourth's claim to be styledTHE STATE OF EUROPE.Jtrcm t)«rOva Corrwpondont.The complicated organiratiow of the Austriannursery rhymes, they know of no other way toTURIS, Dec a, I860.0»vexMQeot, in its nighest cixeles, prevents, even • added the expression of hopes and wishes, with a a the present oritieal state of the Eaapire; any respectful but spirited; .firmness and earnestness^Jecasive *D& speedy action. While the movement of tone, which of late years they have rarely ia H«ngaiy is extending in breadth and depth ventured to indulge in. Some of the so-calledloan at Vienna.'" • • " - # . . . DAY—In this city, on Monday, Dec. 24, suddenly, Martha; wife •of William T. Day, aged 27 year*.The relatives and friend* ,of the family, the members of Mc-Dougald-street Baptist Church, the member* of Olive Branch Ladge No. 31 I. O. of O- F., and the active and honorary mem- bers of Excelsior Hose Company No. 14. axe respectfully in- ( vited to attend the funeral'on Thursday, 27th inst., at fy p. rn.. from her late residence, No. 2« Charlton street, without lurther• invitation. . 'JACOB8—On Sunday morning, D«c 23, of old asre, Elizabeth Jacobs, aged 87 years, relict of the late Joseph T. Jacobs.The friend* of th« family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral from her late residence, One-hundred-and twenty- fourth street, corner of Third avenue, this (Wednesday) after- noon at 2 o'clock.,*whip them soundly and to put them to bed. Ba- ron Vey, the Hungarian Chancellor, being absent in Hungary, the German Ministers, frightened by the report of collisions at Debreczin, Waitze.n, And Eperies, proposed the reeetabUshment of the«tat%» of siege, as the only means for silencing the pretensions of the Hungarians. Still, they did not .dare, under the present difficulties, to make use of m dangerous a measure, which might at once lead to a revolution. They therefore adjourned their revolution uutil the return of the'Chancellor.In Hungary, iu the meanwhile, the Imperial «agle w everywhere broken and insulted, and in Croatia every <Jerman inscription on «hop« or Government huild- imps ia defaced, whikin both countries the Austrian •effieiais have been warned to leatefor their own coun- try as soon as possible. Over one thousand families of Austrian, Bohemian, Moravian, Styrian and Germanslavish sgoirit proper to them, they pretended that there was to be only trifling changes, nothing that deserved the name of reforms. As, three weeks ago, the poor creatures, thinking to suit their master's intentions, were steadily declaring that things as they were, were already perfection which none but factious members of the " old parties " could desire to have changed in any respect. When the decree came they had to swallow, of .course, a large part of their dirty words. That they should as far as pos- sible resist swallowing all the distasteful'stuff was natural. . Tliat they were not at all in the secret of the Emperor's purposes, grew more and more evi- dent. 'They themselves began to suspect that they were overdoing their part. Like dogs (no comparison is too low ibr these men), that, thinking they know the direction their master is about to take, make a fnlse start, then return to his feet with droopingA dispatch received from the camp before Gaeta, smash the other day; an idle wagon on the track dated the evening of "the 6th, states that a trial hadsistently, and without arri&re pensCe a friend and ad- ^Journals always honor with the name of " the real hensively, all his views and positions being subor-son. T. W . Monden, F.Shilipp*», J. L. Hubbard, E. P . Hi asiom,**representatives of the umidle classes.""While Austria is thus drifting toward a revolution, 3Sapoleon is exerting himself to the utmost to pre?pretensions to independence." penetrated as far as latitude 29 and longitude 134. TheThe Moniteur of Tuesday morning contains the fol- country was found to be rich and fruitful. , / The following are the departures of gold ships:and family, B. Hurxthal Vinc*nt, b. L. Britton, T. Gcr*on, S. A. Vesant, J. H. Durruty, A. B. Reynolds, W. J'reiswerk, Hen-dinated to his ruling Napoleanism.Within the week,'M. de Persigny has issued to serve peace for at least eight**en months, and, in order the world, in the shape of circulars to the depart- to prevent Italy from being prepared in the Spring to mental prefects who hold directly-from the Minister make an attack upon Yenetia, he still protects the of the Interior, two manifestos, which are extremely loTtress of Gaeta from any attack on the part of the important, considering his relations toward them Italian fleet. Still it is more probable that the key and toward the Emperor, as complementary glosses to this strange way of keeping up the principle of on the decree of Nov. 24. The gist of the first one, Joon-interveiition, lies in a different quarter. Prince published last Thursday, is this: Napoleon', by his Lucien Murat has again rushed into print, evi- wisdom, firmness,' and courage in the exercise of the dently not without the permission of his Imperial full powers conferred upon him by the people, hasory to the time of the famous Burdell murder in lowing decree:derfdn and family, Dwhainx, J. Fischer, i'armonter. Gros, Aviel, l'ochelin, Leret, J. Adler, A. Muller, J. Dufar. G. Gessler. J. A. Paillard. J. Roscnetein, L. Flotte. A. Benyrand, Rov. A. Mayoeousiu. It seeni now pretty clear that Napoleon desires t<> play Francis II. against Victor Emanuel, in order to put Murat on the throne of Naples/ As long as Bombino remains at Gaeta, and as long as hi* troops, conveyed to the Komau territory, are sent in bands, with the knowledge of the French8.—'l>-« English fundi "opened thio morning at an improvement of: There is no change to be remarked in the general an eighth) and manifested firmness to the close. Tne Bank re- Berger, G. T. Walker, M. Smith. A. Everett. Mrs. Meaoliem,insurrection, but to larger districts and provinces, . of the Napoleons! Now, then, the work of repres- perhaps to all the Kingdom. sion of faction being inaiuly completed, a uew era-This is the very thing upon which Napoleon cal- of "development of liberty opens; to help forwardculates for stepping in, in the name of right and hu- this development, let all Frenchmen be called in aid; let the men of eminent talent, who have hith- anaiuty, in order to say : '' Garibaldi's easy success erto stood silently aside because the actual regime"•*has sufficiently proved it that the Bourbons haveJ% seemed hostile to them, be treated with the utmost*no popularity—that their rule has been unani- courtesy; let them be encouraged to lay aside their ***aaou*ly rejected-.. Garibaldi's total unfitness for' party prejudices and take part as patriotic French-•* *government has been officially proclaimed by Count**Cavour and Farini; but events show now that men in the new national action: strive, by your con-duct toward them, to leave open and make broader **even those greatest statesmen of Italy are likewise the way of reconciliation between their dignity andXXKIATIJJUB AXMAMAO. an eighth but the market ultimately exhibited a taudency to HIGH WATBJt TttW HAT.** unable to introduce anything like a regular freeself-respect and their acceptance as patriots of the"**government into the southern kingdom of Italy. office of cooperators in tho liberalized French Gov-were immediately informed of the dreadful occurrence, ities ol« only £15,0<K>.holders wqnt this morning to^btain an iuterview at the Foreign«c^«:. *«Advice from Vienna \ ft*AKKraVAX, OP THE FULTON.Tb« K-okon, ftoi&t Southampton on the 12th, brings t* tia hav*; Relaed a political programme; covered wit (not yet repealed) controling the English.press, wasindeed did he. strike him;scattered about, adhering to his clothes^ s^id to the7«o« *iy*8 lAtter>*a2tthan wi» brought by the J***:Th*w»w«* T40tofamch,interest. W«give*.»» incommonwi^aBlnnguryattheDietofPesth."new government of the country being attacked by the par&snns of the Stuarts. Until the overwhelm- ing majority of the English people and the undiverted currait of English opinion were fully in favor ol the Hanoverian succession, the gazetteer, pamph-to i MARKiTEl>. i;'#«9<ronma*y and 'to w extract* from the London P*P°^' The C«nad> ^arrived atQueenetown on Sunday, LH*. £>,atlSr50a..in.,anA at Liverpool at 10p.m. on theaiune day.The €»„* of BaWmore arrived at QuwnawwnooTuesday aJijht* Dec. U. • The * jbwisg is the Folton'ft Specie List:FRANCE. From Cxur Own OorredponOent.The Twenty-fourth of November niay Ve re- t» be condemned by the eourts to a severity ofgarded, iis a sort, a8 a new political nirthvSay for .penalty-unknown to the French legislation on tho France. It isTemafkable tooiwwrve the symp- press,ofto-day. Thereisa right sideandastrongore disposed to aripiy bo Lord John Russell the ar- gument in favor of uationalities that he so well set forth the other day in favor of Italy;. that there is ahad suspended round ma neck by a strap, which was well filled^ hut, instead of articles of value or securities,by the Rev. Dr. Van Ne*t,. Mr. Christopher C. Abranniou of Clsrkstown. Rockland County, N. V., to Mi*« Eupheiuie^ daughter of the late James S. Bogert of this city.THP. MV s»»oro, Vr. zrrai?ed France to her due high place among the Eu- ropean nations, as arbiter and pacificator; aud, sub- duing anarchy at home, has lot and encouraged the forces of France- to develope themselves in a coor- dinated harmony which has raised her to a hitherto unexampled stage of prosperity;, and now, per-commerce-of France, except that export merchants turn Svan considered Hati«tactory, and the Jtuowlea e of the large Mrs. Green, M. Fink, R. C. Montgomery. A. McHes«er, Miller, complain .that they neverhad so few foreign orders to Khir.-njentB about to-be made to New-York by the Persia created R. Meleney, G. B. Remero, Master McCarty and two children, execute. no disquiet. . , E. Khister, Mad. Fransrnet, G. H. Brooks, W. H. Allen, Mrs.:'J.he trannfer books of Cou6oln are now shut, and for nummary Clapp and child. Sister trances and three sitters. 8.V>. Williams, The Paris flour market was dull last weekj and flour aocount the quotation throughout tho day was 92^93 ex div. N. Hircb, M. Harmon, A. Morgan, A. Brewster, Mrs. Cohen, B.continues to be cheaper in Paris than in the provinces. The news o the reactionary disturbances Li the Kingdom of Na- G. Samt-ns, C. Kupey, fa. Berlinghause, W. kitchlen, A. Q.Blethen, Mrs. Fox and child, Mr. Meachem aud .child, Baxdsley, B. B. Roberts, G. R. Whistler, F. H. Whistler. Mrs. Gulger, 0. B. Butler, Polheimus, Mrs. Campbell aud child, L. D. Nash, B.... • .- ^*:-y-f»-aMll l l l l l l l t)AilY TEHTONE, WBPftEgPAV, BECEMBER261860.ijfced in hita'a love of liberty.ivrv>-<«that"wiwWeorpeoftroopsarehemffsent 'But,heeaye,what isth^ EnglishUbattyofthe ^ S a r e ontheimminenthrinkofrevi K a r y T The* fc> fronfthe A wftrW writfI and press ? From the tirae 0 f the Kevoluti<jn down to action; thatltaly, including Venetia, iftin a » ' ^ ft ^heTcISVti* Enipiw byrailway-io £xeebnr& 7 !yand Papal authorities, across the frontiers to make suaded that his true, mission is not merely to placea guerilla warfare in the Abruzzi, the ex- his name as high on the roll of historic fame as thatXiugdom of Naples, cannot be pacified. It is now of the glorious Chief-of his race, but, to assure thejMjK»a»U- thut the Piedmontese Generals, in a fit of destinies of his country, he would prepare it for the Was hurrying back last Thursday, to be present in at Leghorn for Rome, where a scarcity exists. impatience, may proclaim martial law, applying it noble and peaceful practice of the liberties whoseParis at the opening of the Court on Friday morn- not only to a certain village or town actually in development is to be protected by the popular throne ing. He did not appear in the Court, he, a man ofTHE JVITJJWKR IN A FRENCH RAILWAY CARRIAGE.It would be difficult to describe to you in a line or **This shows clearly that the fusion of Italy into ernment of France by Frenchmen—under Napo- two the sensation that this murder has created inSteamabip Ariel, Miner, Aspinwall Dec-16, mdse. and pass, to and the Proeurcur-General, the Procurenr-Imperial,' Q'ho Deputy Chaixmah of the Committee of Mexican Bond- D. B. Allen.**one body is either impossible, or, at any rate, pre- "*mature. Accordingly, since neither Francis H. **nor Victor Emanuel enjoys the confidence of theParis. The funeral of the murdered magistrate wascelebrated at the church of St. Thomas d'Aquinas, minus to.institute a preliminary inquiry. As up to theSteamship Alabama, SclWnck, Savannah, mdse. and pass, to S. L. Mitchill & Son. ,*^BwkT, «. r«AUJJ6 (Br., of Liverpool. N. 8 ), Pattillo/Coracoa Dec. 7, salt and hides to Boonen, Graves &.Co.; vessel to Roger* fcRitch. Deciy, lat. 32 47, Ion. 13 10, spoke bark Volunteer,, hence for Curacoa.*'Neapolitans, we must try Lucien Murat." And criticise, as historian or politician, this conciliatorystation before-arriving at Noisy-le-Sec there had been several passengers in the carnage, and only the de- ceased and another after that point, it is supposedexc~=- 'and reicn of right, that Hungary and thetails low wagging, and look inquiringly into his face, lence a Napoieonist, a liberal, a constant advocatethe dissolution of the Diet, was then immediately read. AUSTRIA. .for interment. Funeral on Thursday, at that place, at 10} o'clock a in. Express train (Harlem Railaoad) leaves Twenty- sixth street Station at 7 o'clock a. m. for Croton Fall*.8WAIN—At Sing Sing, on Sunday, Dec 23,of paralysis, Mr*» Jf-rusha Evart* Swain, in the VTtb year of ber aa^r.Her funeral will take nlacefrom the residence of her son, Jamee B. Swsin, near Sing«Sing, on Wednesday, the 26th, at 2 o'ciock.official* nave already packed up their household and wag and fawn, and half start again, and finally of the English alliance, but in addition afrank man. eries. The Prince's real successor in the govern-goodv, and, without waiting for a regular dismissal, stand doubtful, still wagging low, and watching the Now, not being ignorant of English legislation on ment of Algiers; grim old Pelissier, getsVIENNA, Dec. 10.—The Austrian Gazette says:• " The ministerial ciisis is over. Baron Schmerlingfled back to their original homes^ denouncing thea precious good salary for keeping Algeria, in ordertrials by jury.'. But he adds that the actual legisla- thepretendedly well-informed eaves-droppers of the Herr Plener has been definitively appointed Aliuiater•barbarous Hungarians and Croats, who show no Imperial face, ajid perhaps half starting again in the press, he freely admits, plainly states, that theleon !It is not the business of your correspondent to with the attendance of the bar and magistracy ofand the Prefect of Police repaired to the Strasburg ter-Office. ••"'-'".-: . .' • ; The Times says that tho account of the capture of Guadalax- ara by the Juaje* forces, and that of tho robbery of the British Legation, should be received with considerable reserve, as thenews comes \iu New-Oileans."THK T E A TRADE, Dec;10.—The deliveries in Lon-capital, last Saturday. The papers are filled with t h e French fleet and the 40,000 French soldiers at circular of M. de Persigny. Enough for me, as details, of what little is known of the circumstancesBark Zephyr, Lane, Malaga via Gibraltar Nov. 20, fruit, kc, Cb don estimated for the week were 896,319 pounds, which is an In- Chamberlain, Phelps it Co. Experienced heavy weather on the"JKome are sufficiently strong enough to back such a your French reporter, to say that it has been most of the murder.' The assassin has escaped. Nine- that the crime must have, been committed at ^policy and raise young Lucien I. to thethrone of his favorably received by the public generally. Nearly all tenths of the Parisians have taken it into their heads a fhort distance before arriving at the last-namedcrease of 37,494 pounds compared with the previous Hatement. coast, ond was )9 day* W. of Ion. 50.MONEY MARKET, LONDON, Tuesday Evening, Dec Bark H. L. Rutger, Delano, St Mark's 14 days, cotton, 4io. to11.—-Notwithstanding the addition of the China news to-day that Brodie & Pettes. Sailed iu company with schr. R. M. Demill"would at once restore, at least to some extent, good as far as it goes; it goes in the right direction; Parisian talk for the last few days, an innocent Poinsot was about 55years of age. and a very power-ful man, which leads to the behet that he was killedwhile asleep. The body was conveyed to his reuidoucein most departments of bnsiness. --most departments of bnsiness. ,hior ruined finances—(her- five-per-oents were we wish) it went further; we should, above all, like might fancy that a through ticket in the first-class quoted on the 3d of Dec. at 4'Z& at Frankfort) to know ftmc far it goes; but for its tendency we are Af'fom Paris to Strasbourg was simply another formratete. In the course of the afternoon a vague rumor was circula-tribunals, least of all with juries. ;To change the subject. Between-the dates ofpublication of these two circulars of the Minister ofthe Interior, there came came a murder which hasabsorbed popular interest to a degree of which youmay find a likeness by running back in your mem-" The two lectures which M. de Persigny has deliv-ered—one the Panegyric on the Empire, and the otheron the Oppressive Treatment of the Press in England—have not met with unanimous approval in the Parisprese, that is, from that portion of it which has any have been driven back by the natives, after having Gone?., E. Labur*iu, Lappiu, Mrs. and Miss Rusa, Feldman, J.ontho whole, very happy, contented, and well gov- v:r;turnf.'.n.s"-^..-.THEMBTTMP v n nonr>vtvrwquite within our own time, the /English press was flammabje state; that Poknd is h a x d ^The «axy.e wtriial «*YB: V The authorities in Croa- not free—not at i?A free. The severity of the laws than Hungary f that the old Schlcswig- ^ f e t c i n basi- Beats and sides of .the carnage. That Mv x'oinsot was at G8f.02®68f.90c.uess is likely to break out into new importance; that killed by the first shot as he was ^leep, the Droitthe French are not at all likely tt> ^mc away at the conrideis clear, frdm the fact, ttSj^ili features wereendoftheirsixmonthsfre;n ^ir militaryoccupa- perfectlyplacid; Whatprober causedthemanto ABEAMSON-^OGERT-In this city, onSatorday, De.?.22; tion of Syria; that the. fohian Islands and Ireland commit the crime was a l a t h e r bag which Mi Poiruotleteer, or book-writer who attacked the bases ot smart chance of uew insurrection in British India;P A W S , pec* \% 186G. •the rightef the Hanoverian' succession, was sure. that the Anglo-French Chinese war, waged for the to the watch and purse,the murderer carried oft' a rug,ssty ssTfer Bum'-, i Oop*«S *0 *ddie*. asW --Oe of *r », •j?P><j«r.«ore«r;i* ep""jMBet at *j ,*Wrta«n«u. 30,000 i toms of a new political life ewealed, since that side^io Persig-ny's argumentation iu the present Biclwrd Irwin It C«. ... 1O7.50O date. A s a theme of talk and of thought the case. Let me remind your literary readers of whatof dislocation in the late United States of America. M. Poimot either fell or was dragged to the floor.of this city. ; '' , .,. .' ' JDHJEX*.•40»000i>l. Morgan & Sons »M»C»iuiii»» <tCo. ...••••.Although, as has been' stated, the victim was heard to cry, Btrange to say no reports of tne pistols were heard. On one or the seats of the compartment were found eighteen sous scattered. about, and on the floor a com- mon wooden 'snuff-box, used only by poor people, and a neck-wrapper; the two latter articles must have belonged to the murderer; but no fire-arm or other in- strument employed m the perpetration of the crime wasfound." " .';::. Wim ITALY. I ill IIVIENNA, Dec. 8.—King Francis II. has .concluded aI -6>« ! he-does not mention, that, quite within our time PMUpSpegerkOo... .. 24,««0 I famous decree has tabea the $>lace "with the pub- Leigh Huntaay for mouths and months in prison, his.Of this last matter, the Secession 'movement, many French journalists take note. As a general thing, they show an excusable and great ignorance of the geography, histoiy and political constitution of our country—an ignorance nearly as great and excusable as that constantly shown by American journalists respecting the geography, policy and history of France. The sympathies of the writers, for the most part, are with the Republican party. One of them, who has the advantage over the rest of having resided several years in the United States, says well enough, among other things, these, apropos of that Montgomery-Kansas,business: "The South may" take a.warning from this Montgomery affair; the" day that they are separate from the non-slayehold- minished to 8,000 men. ., j '. • ..' ihg-States, that day they are open to an endleBS NAPLKS; Dec. 3.—King Victor Emanuel arrived yes-AGNEW—On Sunday,'Dec. 23, Michael Agnew, at hi* kte resi- dence, No. 100 East Eleventh street.BEACH—On Monday, Dec 'JA.after a short Mine**,Clara J., wife of Dr. John Beach, in the 30th year of ber age.The friends and relatives of the family are invited to attend her funeral from her lat« residence. So. 83 West Twenty-sixth street, on Thursday morning at 11 o'clock.St. Louis and Cincinnati papers pl«**e copy. -BELCHER—On Sunday, D e c 23, E a a Belcher, aged 61 yearaV and 10 months. /BlSHOPr-On Sunday. Dec 23, WflJUm James Bishop, son of William and Mary bishop, aged 17 year* and 4 days.COOKE—In this city, on Monday, Dec 24, of typhoid fvtwc, Dt. PurccI! Cooke of Brooklyn. f-<vith fearful rapidil^,'tiie eeatral au&orities do net •semi-official Journals have been an exception, to. time was not free, and by the letter of the law is'T h eeighteen vears old, Louis is twenty-three. The King of Holland came precious near a railroadLieutenancy for Sicily: La Parina, Director of thethe general rule. They have tried to diminishand restrict the possible liberality of the <ahn the excitement of the population than to Emperor's .purposes: With the self-degradednot to-day free, to be for the Stuarts or for Crom- well. The Napoleonic dynasty protects itself against the factious press as William of Orange and the Hanoverian 'succession protected themselves against the partisans of the Stuarts and other opponents.The mainly noticeable and hopeful features of M. de Pel signv's argument is, that he Rhould argue at all to Frenchmen from the base of the past and present condition of the English press, commencing with a eulogy of the latter. For a Frenchman^ a French statesman, a French minister, a confidential mouth-piece of the Emperor to hold up to the French nation a certain English state of things as a laudable, enviable model of a state—one needs, to have lived in France for years, or to have 'exten- sively and thoughtfully read in light and heavy French literature, newspapers, novelsj and grave-historical volumes, to appreciate hi all its bearings the important significance of such a demonstration. Rake over all past French state papers with a finc- tboth comb and you will find nothing like it.But I omitted one of M. de Persigny.'s character- istics in a preceding paragraph. He is par excel-Icnow what to do. like £he old woman of therector of Pnblic Works: Oi8ani,.Director of Public Iu- Btruction.' ' "'«terday, and will remain here a, fortnight; • . The following have been appointed Councilors of•;ried to Prince Louis of Hesse. Alice JH Interior; Cordova, Director of Finance; Scalia, Di-" series of such affairs."••'"'•. :":English Princess Alice is to be mar-just in the way of the regiferent train; conductor ' with brains enough to set on at high speed, which smashed the wagon all to bits, and carried the Hutch majesty clean through in safety; probabilityheen made of the Cavalli batteiy, against the fortress, MARTIN On Sunday evening, Dec 23, Jam«* Martin, nr'd 30gratitude toward those who have fleeced th^m for an opposite direction—so the writiug pointers of the trials of offenses of the press were, latterly at least, —nothing less than 500,000 -francs per annum, say has been '-definitively appointed Minister, of State. COJTIBCCSwill be in wasiting at 8Sinijrj Sing,. on tho arrival of thefull ten years. The counties meet one after "the ConstituiionwJ and Paijs> latterly began to vary theirMinishie. The Count of Syracuse, poor gentle- of Finance."-man-, is quite dead. He was a moderate, liberalsih . PKSTH, Dec. 10.—Tlie congregation of the Comitat11 o'clock train U/rom New-Y ork. The friondt of the fumily are invited to attend.I ''<.Viae Kev. Wi Untr the FourtL klotfce !3lh-t. l*r*M iyENlNGnexWl'Leetorv to • •-: • -r- JDetOt Kupun '-Vj&NTION^-Tc«. i the Na Chapter N<ai2jp,m.,ThlfU •nreUwenTHI .jj| -Mc548 Broads-y.;; Delta P«i ftri, held in the Cicv at i Dee. 27 and 2*L Tb Hall on FftlDAYlART L. WpOD* 'EpsUon. •"« Cbarlen-fsr. C joor&ed m«»«'ti}i. c; •uill be h»Jd ki ••-.'.DAY, 27th ia«t„ ..{. YosBK Mt'ii't, *tA. Meeting wiii i>J o'clock, at Hrad^iisi ummiUi-f •!.l-^»- at ' -CHARLEdh.ti . PIERRE C. VAt E. G.TMOXPJWN, A, C. Hi».t*, ' UM»Ky KICUA*.B,S e p o b U c a n meeting of the B£ quarVrs, No. Gi< &t'o'clock.t» Ausuan C I ' M. . |SMUJU> M. J»U 7<» . i - — .-•Third Warti bers of the abov.- A THIS EVEN1N.,37,«t7o'ciock. P« " R. S. QoviM.]'."Tsibrteenth W efa*JEl«cti«r.— tbe Central Ccr -ni><iMifttr«ae >»• •&• -CBPB8DA Y E \ : from ' te 9 o'clockJTanuH.R c HntitT A. Sjtrtit^ NiBeteeoth *'meetingof the I.. «sy)EVENiy«>»«• SmosiSavrA-.DThe Twrut * will n»e«t on I'l /Liberty Halh :<-d-of the Associate -ul -year. Thep:-.*^ A. Sm.tJti l>ujTwentieth- Twentieth Wvrd No.l»»\Vt«JMi•zl Jow v- GsniB* <• ...-•'- " MADAMr-t - I Mr. W I L D tC- en ARTr'bei*« - HaU, Astur pta ' o'clock. A«ic.is<— - ' W01 «i>* hf- PC.DAY LYLN NAn*ly*!« of th Ticket- 50. -ii-••. •''," Let tb«* And UMThis ccaiirti LCS, ou Till NURSERY --ic and a bono: UAmc»-U-. u m^»!-,• at i u K H: day)EVEM>t-The Amui . Aftylnm ui tl . cttj, Wffl U- bsjfcuirtbofvb h ^.manwillb*! j-rv tutioiv. 8«r«Mna.r«ad and t! take place.iriiiother, and declare unanimously that they will cling to thelawsof io'It;.:The Government sees no possibility of resisting such a pressure, and so touch the more since the agita- tion extends now to the so-called hereditary proVm-interpretations of the decree and to partly admit tion on.the press in France is more, and favorably, that may be there might, perhaps, something come in accordance with French manners. He is not soTAGL1ABUK—OD Monday morning, Dec. 24, of disease of tho heart, Mary, eldest child of John and Mary Ann Tag-iabue, agfd 6 years and 4 months.^cest The charters granted to them were alwajB very depth it has permanently occupied ibr the last nine unsatisfactory. They gave one third only ofthe rep- years; but it lias succeeded, within the past three resentation to the towns,.and even here it was to be weeks, in attaining a profounder reach of ridiculejudicial arbitral-) interference of the administration by virtue of a legal sanction, is eminently French. The first Empire, the Restoration, Louis Philippe, the Republic of 1848, and the new Empire are all agreed in that respect. Be it bad, be it good, let parties out of power say what they will, it is the fact; I do not say the sad fact, just because it is theFrench fact.However, M. de Persigny's statement that theespecially female artists; much given to good din- •of. 1848. / :•Agitation prevails in Peath, but no disturbances have ners and other things, and went off at Pisa; whither as yet taken place.he had come at Victor Emanuel's request, quite- creditably, with an apoplexy.. No. 673 Fourth street, on Wadnesday afternoon at 1 o'clock.V AN HOUTEN—At his residence, in Irvington, EIMWX Coonty, N. J., on Friday morning, Doc, 21, I860, Horace Van Houiten,than ever before. It will be hard, eve/U for corre- >«r* of the Diet exclusively from sonong' the Town spondents and editors of foreign journals, to'preserve Councillors. Now it is known that Town Coun- their unreasoned respect for the articles of the cil* in Austria axe not elected by the citizens, but Consututionntl and Pays. People here, of the think-t h a t the surviving members themselves fill all the va- ing sort, have for some time already been quite cancies of the municipal body. Under .the pressure aware of their little value.; Hence, We wereVIENNA, Dec. 11.—The Official Wienernounces,the appointment of Ai. Kaireny as Provisional President of the Court of Chancery of Transylvania. The city of Pesth was splendidly iliuminatpd on the oc-the Town Council which had to elect the mera-P h i l a d e l p h i aThe supply of Cattle this week was quite limited, and price*of public opinion, however, the Town [Councils ofwaiting, with anxious interest, for the first circularsthe French law, does not gratify those here^ whotween-the-, representatives'of the foreign Powers atConstantinople. . . • ' ' Tlvc Emperor's Summer Palace was take and looted lb., gross weight, and from 9 to l<ic. ty tb. dresHed.of it, if his Majesty chose.The semi-official press could not sink below thefar; out of-the way in this.statement as we could Prince, fondish of the arts and a tolerablish amateur of Pcsth was. opened to-day. Counts Carplyi andwish that he were. ' Legalized arbitrariness, non- sculptor; friendlily disposed, to arts and artists, Nyai'i spoke in favor of the reestablishment of the laws Her funeral will take place from the rei-idence of her parent*,many Syrian and Bohemian towns have re- of M. de Perpigny, the new Minister of the Interior, are by their condition most sensitively apt to judge.sigued their trusts, and the Government, some- one of the few confidential advisers of Napoleon—one the fitness.of French laws. The. journalists say,PARIS, Monday evening, Dec 10. The lydtric says: It is not true that Austria hasBOMS.—The Hog market was tolerably well supplied, and sales on Oct. 6. Thequantity of spoil.was enormous. were active. 2,5w> h«Mid were disposed of, at from $7 to «fca^p'The Pekin gateS have been given up to the troops, 100 lb., according to quality.what alarmed by thin new feature,' has ^ordered of his few, original, honefct, devoted, and yet able par-^xtew elections in ull the towns of the nor.- Hungarian tizans. Persigny was as thorough aud convinced aprovinces, with the exception of Veuetia, Gulicia, Napoieonist before Louis Phillippe's Chamber of and the Bukovina. These new elections were to be Peers sitting,at the Luxemburg as a high Court, toJaeld on the basis of the Electoral Law of 1849, try him and his Prince for the stupid attempt atgive us, no matter how strict and terribly-penalyour law may be, a trial before a tribunal, a trialaddressed representations to Turkey, on the subject of who are all healthy, and encamped on the walL TheCow*.—There-has been no change in this market; the *a)ee amounted to only 175 head, at from #W to $50 the head.•which is liberal enough, and, until now. has had but one great fault, viz: that it was still-bom, and hadnever been put in activity.W e may seon hear of greater agitation from thoseprovinces, since we are credibly informed that the things, a Kapoleonist; next, a truly patriotic French- -citizen* preier the radical members Sbf the Diet man; then, a sincere liberal; fchen, strongly, per-at l&4tir tuad gvfor some wealthy, independent uoble-men, "not ibr thv placehunters whom the government vocate OJ the English alliance: finally and compre-Then, as I have always said, there can be no. radi- cal change in this law. The future liberty of the press win V>e merely license; its control always rest-undergoing imprisonment. .Tlie Paris pournals an- nouDce that the subeenption to the new Turkish Loan Will be opened to-morrow. . The Paris correspondent of The Times-'Eays:"CALCUTTA, NOP. 8.—The • Government Committee Koike, W. D. Lewin, G. Spring. Faxon, Ajschman, J.' Arnot and fomhy, Mr. and Mrs. Hughes. Mr. and Misa Byron, Mrs. Lee,Boulogne in 18-10, as he is to-day. He has shownhis ability manifoldly in the course of his long resi-dence in Loudon UB Napoleon's Minister near theCourt of St. James. His position a» statesman andpolitician may be briefly defined thus: Before all ing with the administration, and not. with thealso says: Up to the present, the convention of Sept. English press laws are theoretically severer than 4, has not given rise to"any divergence of opinion be-INDIA AND CHINA. •.. 'SnKKjf.—Ihere was but a limited supply ot Sheep in market, scarcely equal to the demaadr-the entire off-wings amounting to only 4,025 head. These were all sold readily at from 4 to 5c. -jj*of Gaeta before summoning'the citadel of Messina to is that intelligent conductor will get some order of. surrender, to which, in case of refusal, they will laythe Holy Elephant, or something of that sort, such as the European kings reserve for rewards to thosiege.KOMK, Dec. 9.—Counts Trapani and Trani have ar-puller and tooth-filler, he were a wholesale.man-des- Turin for the Christmas lestivities. Her Majesty the troyer, little dentist Evans would have better Empress is expected here on Thursday next.crosses; Prince Napoleon and his good little wife,Princess Clotilde, dined at the Tuileries the other' » N T % •••;•.' :day; and the Prince talked with Walewski on theamicablest terms.. There is a trifling bit of political"significance in this. Prinee Napoleon plays the by >i7 against 7 votes, to the propositions of the Com-liberal.5 Now, his dining at the Tuileries just now looks (if you.ckoo.se' to look at it that way) as though liberalism was in the ascendant at the Tuil-mittee appointed to examine the question of the Con- Walter Keeler. aged-7 y«ars and 11 months.stitution. An ordinance from the Elector, decreeing Her remains will be taken to Noith Salem, Westche*ter Co-dnty*.the French occupation of Syria. The Constitutionnd.-.»• •'•.•--•'#8 50 for ordinary to good, and from g9 to tf9 50 ^100 lb. for prime and extra.by jury, and we will gladly risk the results. ; Per- the state of things in Moldavia and Wallacbia. • Allied Army will Winter in the North.The Patrti&BO savs: Agitation prevails in all the Lord Elgin and Baron Gros are at Pekin. in- Danubian Principalities. AtJassy the Metropolitan demnity ready when demanded.does not offer much hope of its radical amendment. convened 'to a convent, where they are provisionally masting is said to be improving. •: - >.i Blair, M. Blsir. two Mi»*es Blair, F Renter, O- Sohonbeer, J. E.signy means evidently to make the application ofthe law on the press as mild as possible: but hePaeNensem Arrivedand the Minister of the Interior have been arrested and BATAVIA, Oct. 29.—The state of affairs at Banjer- In steamthip FutCoti, Jnrm Southampton and Hcxre—D. C.ANT. 1. The avcrtiascmenta given up to this date to theNew-York. Since the explosion of the Orsini bombs periodical publications ol Paria and of the Departments, iu ap- Britain, with 118,560 oz.Lt-fevre and family Batteaux, Col. C. C. Hicks and Liout, Alex. Moore.'of the Italian Army: Dean, P. B. SpriDg. Mr. and Mrs.' Bartlett, G. A. Wicks. S. W. M. Marshall E. Williams, M*r*h, J. Elphinstoue, Oldswith, Bcrnot, Mr. Bertrand and VI attache*. French Theater, New-Y ork; Rev. 1*. Jousand and 2X priests, G. Ochsn'er, D. Steckert, T. ScLeri, Mrs. F. Ochsuer, E. fwnhn, E. Steikert. L Schorr, Mrs. Coir, Mrs. Hermeny, Stevenson. \V. Steckert. M. Beberf. Total 192. ,In tleamthip Jrid, /rum Atpinviall Gen. Colton, CapC II. M. Nichols, Mr. and Mrs. 'Ferguson,, Mrs. Whrig, Lt. Edwards, R. Ferris. Mrs. Dardeu and three children, H. Neustatter, Missin the Rue Lepelletier, there has been no event that plication of the deciee of Feb. 17, 1852, are considered as null fio'centva.lized .pojmlnr-talk and interest as the re- indvoid • , • , . •' ' •The exports of wool reach 2,790 bales. Business is steady. ' v Accounts from Zealand are to Oct. 12.The newB of the rebels is still unsatisfactory.mCOMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.'peisonally see to, and some trifling tenants'dues to be collected." Hunying away between the sessions of the Court of which he-was presiding Judge, heall the markets on the seacoast between Bordeaux and . 5'hc demand for discount was rather active. Th© Anglesea haa Davis, Hover, S. Davis, Dr. McCIei;ahan, G. F. Loesing, 0 7 W .strictly punctual habits, at the appointed hour. In the course of. the day his corpse was brought home, and the sensation began.All that is known as yet is; that Judge Poinsot left Troyes Thursday evening alone in a compart- ment of a first-class car. Somewhere between there and Paris he was killed mid robbed. He was shot by three pistol balls, his skull broken by blows of the pistol butt, his watch, purse and every val- uable about him stolen. The railroad train broughttional particulars respecting the murder of M. Poinsot,.one of the judges of the7 Iaiperial Court, in a carriage firmnesa. The first quotation o.< Consols lor January was 9i*®i Sandy Hook. 5:59 (Gov. Island6:49 { Hell-Gate..... 8:30in early on corpse.F r i d a ymorninga disfigured,brainlessParis, to take the tickets from the travelers, that the The Manchester letters to-day montion tho suspension of Messrs. Blogomenos & Co. in the Levant trade, IhibUitiee tostation. A lady, in an adjoining carriage, heard some •that a first-class railroad car is one'of the most per- cries when near Noisy. It is also said that traces wereEngland is still trying to persuade Austria that. regime, to Republicans, are inclined to regard it as The newspapers are full of coininn-long, foolish sug- murderer had jumped from the carriage while, the train, ther outlay has caused a slight increase of heaviuess in the fund*. Consols opened at a decline of -J. and remained without fur-she has no interest in keeping Venetia under her an interpretation in a liberal sense of the decrees of gestions of means of rendering first-class cars safe which only slackens its speed'to take.m the letter-bags, thei change, the only price throughout the day beiuu 92* <2>92i . . -j Doing!ex div. Alter regular hours there 'yoke, and that a timely sale of the ill-fated Province 24th November. I think their feeling is this: It is for travellers. To read Parisian newspapers or hear and doesnot completely stop, was still in motion. M. ex div. Alter regular hours there were signs of increased dullnessgrandfather. This is one possible result of the fatal f»he organs of all the varieties of liberalism, from Or-tend between Cavour and Garibaldi. leanist and even Legitimist friends of a parliamentary ilous places that mortal man can be exposed in. discovered not far from that place indicating that thefor ISew-York. 'Bark Warren Fisher (of Philadelphia), Daley, Galveston 18 dayst cotton, &c., to mastetBrig Josephine (Dutch), Hofker, Surinam .-42 days, sugar ond molasses to master. Experienced very heavy weather the entire passage;lost jibboom.Schr. T. D Wagner, Ryder. Charleston 11 days, cotton and rice to Uollner, 1 otter & Co. Experienced heavy weathor th* entir* ted of some application having been made to that'establishment passage; was i days N. of Uatteraa, with heavy N. W. rales: Wfor special assistance, but nothiug transpired in confirmation of it foresail and gaff.may prove fatal to the Empire. Still, the obstinacy better things. to-day find. in Paris thirty gentlemen who were at seven leagues from Troyes, in the Department of the It is reported that the Fulton and City of Manchester together Dec. 3, logwood and pimento to lugalls «c Carrnxn, Oec. :Jo, lat.take out tf520O,0O0. $50,000 was sent itto the Banks to-day. It 38 40, Ion. 73 53, spoke barkCienfuegos, from Clenfuegos for New-in the Hue d'lsly. It appears, from subsequent in-—and liberate her from an inevitable load, which glad; it promises, at-least, to be the beginning of for a death-warrant. I venture to say that I could quiries, that it was to a place called Chaource, at about The last price from Paris WUB68'&90C. Schr. Ceqtrsl America (of Boston), Collier, St Ann's Bav, Ja.of Francis Joseph make* him dumb with regard to Since 1848, and just by virtue of 1848, which, if the storming of the Malakoff' and fought through theanysuchpropositions. Hedeclaresthathishonor stupidandfaint-heartedandshort-sightedreaders longdayofSolferinowhowould.notagreetotravel hiedutyrequiredhimtobeinattendanceatthePalais'on,thereassemblingoftheChambers..,AmericanRailwavsecu-does not permit him to countenance, even by listen- of history will ]>ermit me, was not a failure, it seems from here forty miles alone in first-class cars.Aube, that M. Poinsot went, on Saturday last, and as is stated that proposals for a new Sardinian loan will be prewnted of Justice yesterday morning (Thursday), he left rities flat. Mexican stock is quoted at 21i'afj.York, Schr.Her*chell(3-masted),Birdsall,Baltimore3dayseool Schr. S. B. Bailey, Robinson, Virginia 3 days, woodSchr R H. Wilhon, Davison, Alexandria 4 days, coal.Schr. Jack Doniug, Smith, New-Brunswick 2 davs coal Schr. H. T. Wood, Tottor, Virginia 3 dav», wood.' Schr. Alethea, Harvy. Virginia, oysters for Fairhaven. Schr. Monmouth Anderson. Virginia 2 days wood. Schr. Tuvlor Smith. Long. Provincetown, fi'sh.^bteamerNew^Loiidou, Smith, New-Loudon, mdse. aiid pais, to 8teamer Petrel. Young, Providenoo. mdso. to 1. OdeU.H o m e nwding to such proposals, the opinion that he ever wouldseu a province inherited by him for money. HeChaource the evening before ibr Troyes, to take the LIVKRPOOX. CNJTTOK MARKKT, Dec. 10 and ll.—Thelnnovents,sdito me that the wiser sort'of liberal men in Francehave learned to be glad (a different sentiment from suspended payment;been ''unfortunate in business," 10j; Whether the assassin. afterward entered the- hrmly maintained. raiay lose it by arms, but never part with it for a that implied in thankful) of a half loaf, or even of as our American euphuism has it. What I wrote"Consideration.GREA Tcarriage on-paying his place at .one of the stations, or LONDON CORN MARKET, Deo. 10.—The market crumbs, as quite better than no bread. On the was true; but since then the Rothschild Jews have whether he was already in a second-class vehicle of was steady this morning at former rates.BRIT AIN.t h e liberal, and unfavorable to the soi-disant semi- ready to pay the interest due for the past six months seeing that gentleman asleep, is not known; but that oJlVssSjff*'*"!? ' e « » . Rice flat, Tea inactive, Linseed Oil W/c-21,, J; lallow quiet at 60/3-a;w»/'(J; Scotch pig iron 51/.• mThe Times says there will be a Chapter of the Gar-Last Saturday's Moniteur gave us the second of the Paris newspapers a long historico-finanoial .gieat dietance from Parin (the ibrmer 10i miles, the Mour again met wiih ahrisk.demaud, at an ad»ance of 4d "OHid. *> 100.11), aud 9d.®l / $>' bbl. and sack was established on ordi-I was saying in my last that the Pope had broke,demand for Cotton has been good, and sales for the two days train from Mnlhausen, which starts from that town at amount to 18,000 bales,.5,000 on speculation andfor export. Prices'room und<«>iU]DiUjibuUo.Doer* op*n' l Ts*1ijskVfc*»»isii "^ " i *",Lt«c t».o•;;m».', A^^ A do*r» • NTHLRsD.v* Hospital. s"* l,~ ..£..—- .Molid'" ] laatss; '>-"'-P<X-hFl PLATEDvv*tom$im& '•'•*whole, M. de Persigny's first circular is favorable to advertised that his Orthodox Pi-ince and Holiness is the^ train, and got into M. Poinsot's compartment on L O N D O N P R O D U C E A N D P R O V I S I O N M A R K E T . D e c . - Cofl du"official, illiberal interpretation of the decrees of Nov. on the Roman debt. Cotemporaneous with this the crime was committed between the stations of ^LIVERPOOL CORN AND BUEAOSTUKES MARKET— g 24. business announcement, there appears in certain of. Nogent-Kur-Marne.and Noisy-le-Sec, which are at no Dec. ll.—There was a large attendance to-day, and Wheat andLi' '.'.;.••..—„^U_!.: <..''? i profcasionol Notuira.i SMS*).:t e r atWindnor on the 17th, when the Duke of New-«aetle will be elected one of the Knights of the Order. M. de Persigny's circulars. This treats specially erisay on the condition of the Turkish Empire, latter|4J[), istolemhly certain, inaemuch aa some per- j nary terms since this day week, while.prime qualities were DR.PHiLLIPsTTheMorningPostsay*Mr.CobdeahasleftFrance ofthequestiouofthelibertyofthepress. Which, signedbythechiefcontractorofthelateTurkish Boiminathird-claeecarriagesavf,aealreadystated,|onlytheturndearer.Oatainbetterdemand, alley,Beaus amanjump jfroumiu tmhe-btrauimn, IrUaiJlI a«s nhe admidno,and .--a•n•>d*P*e^a»s.i<n"<m"o«UdWerIaHtOerfeoq^uBeHstiautliatieora»«te<s«,. IlndiainCornattractedMEMBER OF THEr . », „ G^'ONB OF ENGLAND,Late Medioal Officer to the Westminster Hospital, -Treats *'Stricture* of the Urethra" on the new plan, wfthoe*. pain, caustic, cr the knife. Also, Diseases of Womeu 'and C dren. &lay be cousuUed at bis offices or by letter.Office No. 10 Wost llth-st., near St. Denis Hotel. Broadway— S*^' J?t o l moTMll»«! } P- «>. to 8 p. m.: aud No. 25 East iTtb- *t.. Madison-av.,. from H to 3* p. m., Bundays eaoepted. Dtpt«-Coal, COoofc, &uf l O A L . — J u u t received, a cargo of »uperior Liv«r-ibr Algeria. as your correspondent has constantly (and perhaps loan, Monsieur Mires. The report, or article, or though apnar •i! . -... . >j. TAe Daily Newt says: The very probable report is to the weariness of thoughtless readers of THE whatever you may choose to call it, is worth reading, ently l.nrt get quickly over the fence I K M »ROYALCOLLEGEOF8U*~circulated that Priaee Napoleon wall succeed his father TRIBUNE) insisted upon these last years as, par ex- from beginning to end;'on various accounts. The at the bide of the rauway, and hurry off. The V MkB President of the Benate. drift of it is to show that, on the financial side, •wife of a.keeper of the line, who was watching a levelretail.By Telegraph to Cotccs, l*th.LONDON, 12th—A Gaeta letter of the 1th gay»: The besiegers are showing more activity. Yesterday\ . .The pabrie and Opinion* Nationalet both state, as French history. Whether your correspoudent is Turkey is one of the hopefules). countries now going. was, that not having any ticket, he got out of the train V THE YERY LATEST.cellence, the central, pivotal question of current crowing, also uuw him. Tlie impression of these people** latest news," that Garibaldi m preparing to take the Taxation in that happy land (this is true) is a mere field in the Spring. Several of bi„ Generals have been right or wrong in attaching such importance to thisbefore it reached a station. A sinKular circumstance to Coprej-u to coi>fer with him. question, it is not for him to decide. That his nothing compared \yith its resources, and the fearful afterward came to light—namely, that on leaving the TheCotttspitndance Bulfeir states,aaafactbeyond Majestyand his Majesty's next friendare of his percejifage of taxation imposed andcollected in compartmentinwhichhis victimwaslying,he closeda\ J~ a doabt, that the Pressf ha* been purchased for UU0,000 opinion is patent. M. de Persigny's last Saturday's other countries—England and Austria, for example. the door after him. The unfortunate gentleman had not u • francs, by a coiupauy. of which 21. Emile.de Girardin circular is one oJ" many proofs. It is a long, as Almost simultaneously with this truly interesting Ins throat cut, as at first rumored in Paris, but the.state ofa*stock of ? At5be te»«i*•Nevr-se, ROOt-S i-d «HPt* •;-, is the head. modern newspaper writers would 6uy,u " lengthy" and patently interested report <>f the condition of Gazette des. Tnbuna-nx btatea that Dr. Tardien; who he pedmdnteBe received're(Jiifor©ement«.froin Naples Jitfi London Mo,-niitg post *ays: The Eroprefttj of doeuiuent. i t opens with a eulogy of tho freedom the Ottoman Emphc, draw h up by Messrs. Mires & examined the body, pronounced that death had been mounting to 3,000 men. The Cavalli guns (so it isearned lnetantaneonaly by a blow which fractured, tlieVthe French i» still at Claridge'e Hotel, London,'where of the English press. M. de Persigny begins by Co., bankers, we have the report of theSultan's Grand «ktill. lhe Dru.tif however, (ieclares that the deceased aid) arc all in position, aud shots are being continually V ^ poollCOAL, wldoh will be delivered Iin OvvaAtltlea to strtti•#-he enjoy* perfect freedom from intrusion, liar de- telling ihv French nation, oyer the shoulders of his Vizir, queerly modernized and adapted to the forms was (.hot. It alliim:-that the assassin must lirst have exchanged .The royal princes visited the batteries iu uorobaj.er«, nt the low price of *>10 50 per chaldron. A Ub*r».Vt&rtore for Pari* has be^n postponed until the close of t/na week.The London Tunis say»: The Right Hon. 8ir Johnand sense of Western European nations to.day-—the " W " • Ivmg'seems vesolved to hold out," ' It-redattheheartofthedeceased,as a ballwasfounddeduoUon to dealers. Al*o, the h«^t Lehkh and R«d Ash., of aW WMd* „ . ; . ^rAYLOR it Co.,No. Mi *d^v.. and foot of Clymqr-at.. WHliam»huxa>.r IDLING WOOD at 20 enrnts, when 10 oV J :m more box«»* are ordered- Oak and Pine bv the load, whloJ*subordinate prefects, what everybody but theFrench people ai,'d prefects already knew, that he rt-port\ 1 say, of the Sultan's.Onnd Vizir, showing, Indued in his clothes near it, after penetmtiug his great- A Berlin letter in the Hmnhurg lioroenh/ille wayspeople, Hsd he not i>U'eady been a. lover of free-of Turkey in Europe, thai the *,,„',> princes ;,r,.T earning a conttision on the body. -The man th«m fired a tecond time, and the. ball penetrated above tho right111A «v»M,mA» o,.»;~ J %H\ *"^*^« *» ^ted-*pUtirf*»alleo*t, at YARD, at loetThe price of wheat was lower in most of the French pU-F, and of the bloodshed thus consequent upon the xupport given by France to the dethroned King, waa<-regarded with moremarkets. The price of wheat has declined slightly in regret than surprise..Nantes, in consequence of the demand from England arrived from Welbourne with £233,000.Smart, Middleton, Mr. and Mrs. Sherman. A. Marsh, P. Ciark, G. C. Pusco. Mr. Hart and family, Houghton, Purdy, Beiden, Evans, Stone, and 175 in steerage..*having been suspended. There is a demand for wheatThe iJ295.000 Australian gold by the.Suffolk will nearly all be taken for the Continent.MONEY MARKET.—LONDON, Monday Evening, Dec.The Neapolitan army in the Roman territory has di-of Gaeta, with terrible effect.The pairic eays: The Sardinians will await the fallyears.Bw friends and oaintancec, also the members of WaAbittgtoc,Lodge No. 21 of Free aud Accepted Masons, are invited to at- tend the fun< ril from hi* late residence, No. 154 Second avenue, on Wednesday, the 2tHh iuat., at 1 o'clock p. m.MURRAY ^-Suddenly, on Monday morning, Dtc 24, Janet Isabella, youngest daughter of John and Alexander Murray^, aged 1 year, b months and 13 days.rived here. Count Trani leaves again this morning forlower sort of practical service;, one little American Gaeta, whither Count Trapani will also return shortly.' NOLAN—On Sunday, Dec.*23, James Nolan, aged 20 year* and-«'dentist (Evans) has had lots of those little crosses and P ARIS, pec. 10.— The London Morning Post corre- 59 day*. . ,,kingly orders—if, instead of being a clever tooth- spondent says: King Victor' Emanuel will return to PHILLIPS—On Sunday, Dec 23, Anna King, wife of Howard"vhas recommended the Bombay tariff for all India.Mrs. Howell, K. M. Benjtmin, Friaa, Mr. and Mrs. Hunroth, U. C. Burnap, Schuarr, Ca««, Sanders, McGowan, H. E. Legrain, A. Van Velsor, JMr«. Baldwin and child, E. A. Strange and son, B. Lehmaur, Martin, J. M. Carrere aud family. Mr. r Townaeud and family, H. C. Miller, Nichola, L. Ooldenberg, V\ . W. Wil-m• v#- :• ' • •- •' . .-§•.**»•i• • .CASSKL. Dec. 8;—iThe Second Chamber has agreed, STORRS—On Tuesday morning, D*c 25. Isabel Madeline, only child of Richard A. and Cvroelin K. Storra, grand-daughter ofAUSTRALIA.MELBOURNE, Oct. 26.—Mr. Stuart andhis companions J. W A. Stiicklsnd, Andre uud family. Perinet, Mrs. BurgeoisThe Itoxburg Castle, with 41,703 oz., and the Great and 9 priests, Wolff, G- Glass, P. Fuyoon. L. Ansbacher, J. a.10.—The tele-jaw*1 from China showing a prospect of prolonged• Galignani's; Messenger furnishes the following addi- expenditure caused the funds to open tliis morning at adecline of Bun—Rises.. .7:23 | Set*.. 4.39 1 Moon—Set*. 6:07ex div., and the latest waB 92J exactly.on the Strasburg Railway: The demand for discount after Bank to-day was limited, the"President Poinsot .wasfcoming from Champagne, general rate for the best paper in the open market being 4J *>• where he has an estate, and whither lie bad gone to re- cent.MARINEJOURNAL.ceive his rents, but no money wus found upon him. andhis puree and watch had disappeared, wnich leads tothe oelief that.robbery was the motive of the crime.The arrangements for the introduction of tho new Turkiah Loan in Paris and London are understood to be nearly complete: The Mrcurity hypothecated by the contract comprises the prin- cipal rcscurces of the empire that were left available.PORT OF NEW-YORK.. . . D e c2'vHe hud got into a first-class carriage at Troyes, and ina compartment which was then empty. It was on a ments for the fortnight to have been S.000 bales, and that thoA telegram on Oct. 20, from Sttanghae states tho silk settle- clerk opening the door at 5 O'clock in the morning at stock remaining on the market w<s also 8,000 bales.bpdv of Mi Poinsot was tound 1ying^ in a pool of blood £50,000, with assets that will prove ample. If timo bo allowedat the bottom of the carriage... 'Hie judicial authorities Another hov».«v i« ?]?° »Wted to bo in dithcuUhia, but its liabil-A r r i r e e LSteamship Fulton, Wotton. Havre Dee. 12, and Cowea Needle*same day, mdse. and 192 pass, to SamM M. Fox b. G. Mctieuzie.. Passed Capo Race Dec 21, at 7 a. m. Deo. H, lat. 50 32, Ion. 11 10, passed sbip Montebello, steering E. Had heavy W . wind*' since leaving Cape B ace.the indemnity is ready when demanded, the pro»pect of a fur-The demand for discount to-day at the Bank was again mode-through Hungary via Vienna,%A common action | of East 28d-ai,ii'^*if»-M4*^c. COJUUUU1.between the two nations is believed in. On the firstThe Paris Bourse to-day was heavy, Elites cmsedBELL—MONTGOMERY—In this city, on Sunday. D e c 23, b y the Rev. Abraham Oavi*. Mr. Jobn P. Bell to Elizabeth, »ee- ond daughter of Mr. John Montgomery, both of tbi* city.CORBIN~JOHN80N—Oh Saturday, Dec 22, by the Rev. Mr. Jameson, Mr. Chas. A. Corbin to Mis* Mary A. Johnson, only1 daughter of Julius and Mary Joftuson, all of New-York. HARDY—READ—At St. Luke's, on Christmas day, Dec V; br the Revi T. H. Tuttle, Edward G. Hardy to Abbie Read, botfe; Ten OpJ#s | »C. Phillips, and daughter of Hezekiah King of Bristol, Ps»The friends of the family are invited to attend tno funeral at the- First Presbyterian Church (Dr. Phillip*'*), Fifth avenue, OD.Wednesday, the 26th in»t.i at I o'clock p. m.ROSEN BAUM—lnthbt city,on Monday. Dec 24, Anna Frederica,daughter of Jobn F . Rosenbaum, aged 2 years, 4 months and. 3 days.taged 49 year*.Zeitungan- Cincinnatipaperi pleaae copy.,,borwC a t t l eM a r k e t . . . . D E C .°A,i 8 6 0 .aseMfMH^•*:Sm»As.<h'ti*sv« aaa J^SUSSSBMSJI./Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comUntitled Document, t!o., Ko4•m ma*.... m« 