 s.leave Pier No. 12, N. R., oa THURSDAY, June 7, at L Passage to Savannah, with unsurpassedaccommodations, Through tickets w i a t o New-Orleans. $ 3 9 75; Mobile,eazrtasm Mr*> to Sevan—*b sad i mmn tfiig point*. *FrStfat 10cent*per foot. ApplytoH. B. CROMWELL AC«^ No. 86 Wass-at, and No. M Broadway.flO law6mFWlLLlijtf HOLMES, > - . r t ^ , JAMES M. DARKE, $Sxeoator*.forward the work ofthe Home Missions.The Commitjcee, however, which the report providesfor,isnotinstractedonthispoint,butistoadjustafate of their companions.will make observations o ntensity, of the magnetic needle. While on a visit to New-London in February last, with a view of pur- chasing the " Amaret" j(the "Bescue" of the Grinnell expedition), he, in company with Captain Buddington,Weq»»4jywavage. Hemadedesperate,effortstoseizeIpossfsseundrrthecircumstances.In the caioof Henry Gascoigue; tried on on indictment forrape, (hoJury<fiwigr«-.-aund were disci,irged. Itisunderstood tbut they et£ofl eleven for acquittaljind oue for couvirtiou.1tu-• i-itTVV-.* * .ta si m•'xf%!most BOHTOX T O u v*uir-ooi_GENERALSSEMBLYOFTHEN. S,':PRE8BY-Theinquirynowrecurs,whatadditionalmeasurescanhetaken for the suppression,ofthedistemptr, andfulfillingthedutywe° l n the°rirst insto.ee, I think the Lcftfalature should regulate ori-IUNITEDPRESBYTERIAN SEMBLY.GENERALAS-TXXBE. BETTISH AND NORTH AMERICANm-A--r»--S.was indefinitely postponed, as was also the quetjtionre-medical authors, of the disease called pJeuro-pheumonia, asi exists in England. Jtis.not.»ece«aryjor metogiv(jadetaile;! statement of its symptomatic manifestationa here I have thetive of ATeiTnont, but has reeffled in tbe West for theX ROY AL MAII. STEAMSHI PS. )TWK JOW-rOSX TO UTXXK*!. CMrfQMBBPssssgs*......................la this paper we present to the public unimpeachable testi- Boay.•sublisbing.'the facta that RADWAyS READYRE-I «oonandhaverestoredthedyingpatienttorobnsthealthaftera of medication failed.specting the amount, of interest for-tbe use of moneylastfiftdpaperin|andner<ot ;corifi|j$j|e-in his proposed undertaking. rCttf-la-ja-ah wai good hnmor, and seemed pleased to think hewoul*Ijesosoonatthisicyhome. Mr.Hallex-a l « W i C u & t < M t | ( a . • • • • • • . • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • p ' ^ f"SecondCrtfa Pw>m.... TM "J"***ship* from N*w-York c*U *vtCork Harbor. _ •_• Ttva «bip« (torn Boston call at 1"i*.if*jc and Cork Harbor.whicbaChristianmaninayreceive. %$$pJ0$%&if^. honorto trnnirmit ^ ^ ' ^ m ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ M ^ m ^lehmati. .:$&:&qaji& inexcellentspitits, foramomentshowedanyhesitationor,wantV/ SIA eoifcatha,within twenty days after the service of this summons on you, ex- ..the failure of the appropriation, and to guarantee all parties con- said complaint within the time aforesaid, the plaintiff in this his mother, ant asked her why she did not call him the nize and provide for the unauthorized expenditure of money.actionwillapplytotheCourtforthereliefdemandediathe Kev*Mr.Wo:d."IcallyouJames—thatisthe Subscriptionstpnearlytheamountof$-—-wereatonco.SaeosdCabin*h*ssag«.••••••••»*•teeof Conference to settleamicably the Home Mis- sionary jauestion, viz:'" The Revs. Drs. Barnes, Stearns, Patterson, Mills, E . Fall, 4.. D. Smith, D . H . Allen,SeelyeandMeEsrB.JessupandGriffiths.SERSIA, Capt. Jodktns.ARABIA, Capt. J. Stone. ASIA, Capt. E.-G. Lot*.CANADA, Cap*. I * " * AMERICA, Cap*. Milhur.NIAGARA, C«pfc Aa*n»MV ETJROPA.Capt-J-Leitch.TWENTY-THIRD WITNESS. .THE OLD PRACTICE DISCARDED-DR RADWAY'S TREATaiElST ADOPTED—JAMES W . STEWART,M. D., CAIK P.O. LA. .Dr. JAS. XV. STEW ART, a practicing physician in Louisiana, ander a letter dated Jan. 28,1858, states that, in all coses of Scar- let Fever, Measles, Croop, "Whooping Cough,andevenSmall- pox, he has always succeeded in Having the lives of hia patientsby administering Kadway's Pills and Ready Relief. R. R. Relief, 25c, 50c, and $ 1 per bottle. Regulating Pills, 25c. per box.Resolvent, $ 1 per bottle.. . . „ _ RADWAY ts,Co.,No.23John-st,,N. Y.•'' TENTH DAY—MORNING SESSION. Correspondence i>fThe N. Y. Tribune.probibit, sofarasitcanbewiselyandI»^^:.f»»^*h?^A delegate from the Cumberland. Presbyterian porfation of cattle, in whirh the seeds of the dweaKe may pos- pects to b^|absent from three to four years.AJTRICA,C*ptShannon-SCOTIA (n«w bnHdtog). _| j| PITTSBURGH, May 28,1860. ' The Bubxirbiiii attractions of this iron city would not have been "known by the General Assembly, had it not been for the eocial entertainment on Saturday after- A trail of cais decorated for the occasion camenoon.Church, tbe Bev. J . A . Edmeston, said that his Church sibly exist, from this State into other neighboring States--^ ...was opposed to numbering Israel, but he knew that • This would seem to be ameasure which the natural cotrrtesy •they were not less than 90,000, communicants atul 900 • existing between friendly States would absolutely demand. SuchJ U i i i INTELLIGENCE. •:.'•'.#11; •' . s» — '•IT.;S. DISTRICT\ATTORNEY'S OFFIQE.—MAT811 -HIKE ALLZDGED SLA VER JOSEPHINE.Capt. parter of the alleged slaver Josephine, w a sbailed on Wednesday in the sum of $3,000. Mr. Johu 3. peal ofNo,138jEksexstreet,anundertakerandlivery-stablekeener, become MJ8$bndsman, at the request of Mr. Jesse A. Braddjock, asailmakerij^hohasfurnishedsailsforseveral vessels allto be engaged in the slave-trade; who was alao bondsmsLJndseyj BTeis also one of the bondsmen in the case^o allegedslajvef;CharlotteE.Tay.» « • n m l i carry a clear whit* Hght ai rxtasi-head; greea «n ptsvrboardbow; redo a portbow. ,.XUROPA, L*Aoh....^*iW. Boston......*Wo«neaday, May 30ministere—though in 1810 they had only three minis-ters. They had been opposed to the study of the deadlangueges. a n d most of their ministers were unedu-cated; there were some decided;exceptions, and theynow enjoyed facilities forthe education of their younga measure would.for ahrief period-not necessarily a long o n e - interfere with the freedom of trade, but it is such an hiterforence BBthe continned existence of the trade in cattle itself requires.. A linfl may easily be established, beyond which no cattle shall be passed, without sufficient orficialassurauvesthat they donot cai-ry contagion with tliem. ' . . . . li. ^ - A « It would seem to be necessary, in addition to the powers con-IXRSlA7^wUrt»ARABIA, Stone.k»»o.N«w-york...W«dri«iia»y Jane 8 f****5<**c5'V"*X*i!*i!,l»'"J00*1SAMUCA, flwoMBIQAORA, MillarASIA,lott1TUR0PA, l>itcbPERSIA. Jud"kto»ARABIA. Stono teares Boston Wednesday Taly25men. They were earnestly engaged' in .the work of.in front of the chnrch where the assembly met, and at Foreign Missions. He hoped toe time would coma ferred nperi the Commissioners by existing legislation, that thereBartb* not aeeoiwd until paid for. A » experlenoed Surgeon oa beard.Ont)u1stdayofMay,1860,ttsGraefmKcrg Company'•*& Arlssrooass, Consulting Ojfficn, and Medical Institute were re-froves,andVLuntains,anddeep ravinesspannedbyandrecommendedtobereadinallthepulpits.The cause of Collegiate and Theological Education at the West, and the cause of Temperance, were com-principle of ajipraisal hitherto established. ItwinajgobenecessarytoprovideforthereimbursementorCnpt. Linil«f<ty of the alleged slaver Emily, and againstXATBa o r YAAHAHX. vahia—To Qseenstown er Liverpool. ( 7 5 - 8080 82NEW-YORK. .IST Tno«x Bvrmirso FROXthe gravest forms of xrforine dis- easeandlocaldisplacttments, togetherwiththose whoharetu- mors, cancers, polypi, lacerations, and other injuries of the ute-rine system from protracted childbirth, or injudicious attend' ance; those requiring peculiarly skillful treatment and oare at (ioi connnement; COUK tptives, and others nattering from lo '-continued or serious chronic difficulties; or others who may with to combine comfortable rooms with the very best medical care—will be received within the walls of the Graefenberg Insti- tute at ajust and moderate charge, and be under the care of thererident physician.XSf Particulart at to terms, tfe., can be obtained by addretting the Reeident Phytieian,JOSHUA F . BRIDGE, M.-D., who i s In constant attenda*oe a t the Buildings o f the Institutiongregation as a spectator, who there was brought to feel the importance of religion, and has since united with the chunh, arid been a most efficient member.The subject of Education was reconsidered, and re- committed to the Permanent Committee, who are to revise the pliin as soon as possible,,and submit it to the Presbyteries for their approval.The discussion'on.the Report of the Church Exten-leavws New-York...Wednesday. June 20I*****Beet*}......Wednesday,June27 •.-WwwNew-York...Wednesday,July 4 Jeavas Boston......W^uowlay, Jnly I I tea-** New-York.. .Wedriesday, July 188oldhyE.S.HUTCH.INGS,No. 22Exchange-plaoe, Jersey City. N. J. Sold by all Druggists everywhere.2o'clockstariiedforOakland. Oaklandisaruralspotwhen they might be still more closely united.An interesting narrative*of the State of Religion inshouldbeadistinctrecognitionofthepohCyofisolatingandsep- oratiug from contact with other cattle, suspected or diseaae-i V-rds And it may also be expedient.to limit the discretionaryCabin—To London (via. Liverpool)Steerage—To Queenstown orLiverpoolSteerage 7 o London.****.•..•••*.••••••••••.••••••••.•••*» Steerage return tickets, avallahle for six months, from liver-pamphlet form previous to next Assembly. On a mo- expenditures; and in conclusion stated that he shallpool........ 60 *pMsengers forwarded to Havre, Paris, Hamburg, Bremen, andAatwerp, at through rate*.Cart±ne*t*« ofTssaaga issaad from Liverpool to NOW-YOTK. . $4* Certificates of Passage issaad from Qneenstown to New-York.8CFor Freight or Passage; apply st the office of the Company.tion to adopt the resolutions, Dr. Guthrie and D..C Nevin spoke for overturiug, and the Rev. Wm. Eas- ton, Dr. McLaren and the Rev. A. Blaikie against. There is a very strong opposition against overturing to Presbyteriesj or changing at alL It is hard to tell what will be done,* as but few have spoken,'and there is a disposition manifested among the members gener- ally to say something on the subject. This version was adopted in 1650 by the Westminster General Assembly. Pending the discussion, the Assembly adjourned.In paragraph second of Saturday's report the word" Arian" was left out. It should read: ."The Judi-concur in all proper measures for the relief and pro-These Steamers have superior accommodation* for Passengers,ere constructed with waier-tigbt eonrpar*«nents, and oaoy ax- No. ti BOND-ST., NEW-YORK. Officeand taletroom open, inMARINE AFFAIRS.|/*>' r•peaianced Surgeons. JOHNG.DALE,No.15Broadway,Mew-York,AgentIn Liverpool, to WM. INMAN, Tower Buildings. In Glasgow .to WM. INMAN, No. 18 Dixon-st.the evening.INOTB. EgrFLOXRKCBNIGHTINGALE,theHeroineoftheCrim- ean Campaign, and one of the noblest women the world ever produced, has published a work upon errors in mrrsing and med- icine, au'd closes ber valuable remarks with the following: " Oh,,DEPARTURE OF THE HALL FRANKLIN RESEARCH EX- PEDITION.•On Tuesday moraing, Mr.C F.Hall sailed from the port of New-London, in the whale-ship GeorgeX steamship HUNTSVILLB, John A-Po*t Commandar, next—Dated New-York, the8th day ofFebruary, 1860.the Commonwealth b y a distemper, closely resembling; in its ap- pearance and effect, the disease called Pleuro-Pneumonia.A statute approved on. the last-day o f the session provided for the appointment' of three Commimiioners, who were required, according t o the provisions of the uct, t o provide for the extirpa- tion of this disease, They were authorized and required to visit without delaytheseveralplacesIritheC6iinnonw«althwhere the di.<:a*-r-was known ^rx suspected to exist, and were em- powered to cause all cattle which had been diseased, or had be- longed t o diseased herds, t o be forthwith hilled and buried, and the premises where they were kept cleansed arid purified^—to ap- praioe, in their discretion,the value of the cattle killed whichfriends, or gather from!them the full particulars of theinst,. of manufacturing counterfeit bank bills, an application for a writ of errojj'jfor a new arial, and stay of* execution in the mean time, was]mlade b y A . Hamilton Rea,vey, tsq., one of Parker'a couni-el, upon various grounds; among other*, that t h e indict- ment is defective, and to the ruling of the Court, in admitting certain iUbgtil Bnd improper evidence, tinder the objection of tht» prisoner's) cfrinsel, upon the trial. The writ was granted, return- able at this i iext General Term of the Supreme Court- A. H. Reavey and fU". B . Ranken, counsel for prisoner.^25;Memphis,$8175;Nashville, $2975; battanoo«a $ 1 * ; Albany, £Z8; Cohamboi,INPURSUANCEofanorderoftheSurrogateofDuring his journeyings, h e t h e dip, variation, and in-sosd nutrieiousatigiaal genaiae Ervalehta. Enrinent chemists affirm that theanrvalenta contains more nurrin>^„t than the best wheaten flour— intheratioof14to8. Certlncaiw.oftheir-mildandbene-Scial faafinence on the stomach and bow«u can b« seen at the day of May, 1860. Bakery. Manufactured andsoldbytbesnb»«riber,athi*Wholesale aud Retail Variety Cracker Bakery. Price 30 cenUparpoand. ISAAC McGAY,bythewatersdependverylargelyupon thepresence, aasueh andninety-three cents,withinterestfromthe13th dayofMay, naucualaaaatltie*,oftbe*ieeeratrVe*nb«t«nce*. onethousandeighthundredandsixty,besides thecosts ofthisHundreds of eases of disease, especially those re«altb*g from action.—Datcd May 22, 1860.fectingMassachusettsorNew-Englandalone. IfthecontagionBut the report of the Committee on Mr. William- mately it must ravage the whole country. The neat cattle in the has made seven voyages, occupying a term of over tentheaerofuloasdiathesis,havebeenearedbytheiruse.la skin diseases even in confirmed Leprosy—the waters haveb e e n s i g n a l l y s u c « * * * f u LOpinionsofmedialand seientincgentlensenaregiven intheTheyrecommendthewaters•oandently. Dr.Springreferstoa theheirs,devisees,nextofkin,sudallpersonsinterestedintheea»«of ChronicDiarrheaofseveral year*' standing, wMchwas estateofJOSlAH B.SCOVELL,late ofthe townofCambria, eared by the o*c of the water. 1»jr. Feck says: " I am aatiaaed in the County of Niagara, deceased, greeting: Y ou are herebyworld,andth ChurchesinourconnectionareinByrii- pathy withth andtheChurch ExtensionCommit- teedonotnee instruction. |'rrot.Tucker,exceeded eightymillion dollars. Tothismustbe withJohnpaWll. onanindictment forgrandlarceny,wa*addi-danequal sum asthevalue of cattle slaughtered forthe landInlet,andthenshewill cruise for whales. The placedontrjal|,fortheoffe»se.ftBoththepartiesweretriedonthemarket; andthe value of thojabor of nearly a million yoke of Amaret will probably take Mr. Hall to. Sussex Island, home indictment lust week.fbut the Juryfafled to agree. Menck,iffais^a«s«dedwithpho«phaticsadfane»t«itis»t^ suitable retBeAf,beiagpreferableu,muri*ticacid,u beingmoresolventandlesa^**& animal is said .to be prodigiously strong, andLAST D A Y .which naturally occur to tbe mindof every intelligent person.IfwecouldconfinetheravagbftafthiAfataldi*tempersoun- fortunately deposited,npon our a&ore*to our own State, it would "tillbeofBuihdentimportance'to demandthe earnest attentionprisoner had paSd the value of the property stolen since Idsar- measure in the selection of his crew. He is an experi- i^Andthe Court, therefore, inflicted the lightest punishmentapt by roatfascsduse tc disorder the stomach. In Febrfto DIc- ? e ^ the sailors to. whom he had a dislike, and aeaacaitcanbeused,properlydiluted,aaarefrigersat*•oUmiw»h verystrO*<jironchainwas necessaryto restrainhimPITTSBURGH,May29,18G0. ABitwaBknown thatthe AsBembly>wouldcloseto-encedwhaleman,andisthoroughly,conversantwith theregioninto whichMr. Hall desires to penetrate- Tuesday morning was.ushered inby.alight.breeze andabalmyair. Atanearlyhoursmallboatswere busytakingthecrewtothevessels.Atabout8o'clockthL'st sad perpetual beat In Skin Diseases—in those formaof They were *ven obliged to s*w off someofTday, a. large riomber were present at the opening, ox the people. -But, unless extirpated on the instant when it appearsitcannot.besoconfined, ifitspreadsoverourterritoryDyspepsiacowasctedwgh*nalkalinecondition,ofthestomach, aamPyrccht,crWater-Jt.rsab.itwill prove betterthan hydro- chloric acid. In ease* of CoBca Pictonuxn, and other injurioushiscanine, teeth.|Hkapp»^xanceisveryodd,theheadbeinirex-body* Htr^teginah.g'tovi^^.*rfiow^,bin},at.Drst h e ^ a s ejt^re-n^jy flewje *u»4 sulky., \thoughb^tf'ajiWureasierthanusual,andthedevo-linpressive*; ? ;dia,wasglau'tobe ^present, the okty Aime; perhaps, that he wonld ever be presentr-«bo <|?«ired that.the :.Missionaries might .be re-itmuetravugeother8tates7anditibecomesadutyofthehighest, character, one which w e owe alike to ourselves aud to the people ofthewholeconntry,tomakeeveryavailableundpossibleeffort torestrainitsravages,ifextirnatituii»impossible.. .- /Admitting, if need bo, thatitis doubtful whether itpartakesnowofitiio character of a contagion or an epidemic, admittingthat it may not bo in our power t o prevent its spreading throughthe country, nevertheless every eifizen of Massachusetts shouldhave it m his power to say that every proper effort had beenn*ndeby t b e Stutc to • produce that res'nlt I am constrained t oexpress the opinion that all haa not y e t been done which may b ewiselyifHotsuccessfullyperformed;andthisfact! offertoyou•_large concourse of peoplegathered tosecthemoff. as a chief reason for the extraordinary .oonvocation-of the twoI Receipt* « f Produce.!eossaeoaeacaacaislngfromthesetiooofItsd,thisWaterwiMTotal-by allV*TMTMJ~TM**^»*>1*'*tl4ol*Ugiria, Chronic Mucous " trnhLh*lii.i*taWaef.InChrofiictheAniarettookherplaceasternofthe-GeorgeHenry, and in a few minutes the tug-boat G. W . Geer started,ovtet,May31.—Flour,15,183bbla.jCornMeal, 320do.;Rye$.500 bush.-; Oata,11,200do.;Corn,7S,4Jn>do.; Vheatj 2!i,l6*1!5do..; Whisky, 723 pkgs.; Ashes, 30do.; Provis-5 1 **£"•^0^>h.TY ox -r B04** >!ir '\Atfr*iei&*' %WtW 'Twm^^SSxt^fA man of hnge-staturej anftTj^^fidijrat©.'StcamthiptLeave • • TM f *• . .....,;.New-Yprk.......HamburgDuu.LIEF,REGULATINGPILLS:andRENOVATINGRESOL- TENT, are not only positive cnratiYes of the sick afflicted with aiseai*. hut that they have in many eases proved to be infallible,thissubject,madebytwo^oftheiWodical exam^ra^*Tbo owner* of. those jbip* will not be accountable for wold,'•fcast bills of lading are signed therefor, andthevalue thereof and a more central loeatum, demanded bythe rapid increase of •finementfor „».„ „ ^.y, duringmovedfrom JV'o.32Park-row toNo.2 BOND-ST.,NBW-YOXK T,-Pxiotn^ic^:Ut,ot»v.«,^>,<, 'X'liechangefromthecon- BOrer. Bullion. Spade, Jewelry, Precious Stone* or Metals, un- (first door from Broadway), in order to afford greater fdtUitU* of Nature's richeAst charms.tkmUbteaprssswd. Forfreightorpassage,applytoEl CTNARD, No.<tBowliaff-freea.T W E E D STATES MAJQL,STEAMSHIP LINE^%J —For HA V ANA and NEW-ORLEANS.—The fast and toroxrte steamship GRANADA, Cant. , sett on MONDAY. *•*»« *, « * J o'clock p . m.. from pier foot of Warren-at.. North River. Bins of lading, of the proper form, famished at the office,, and BcMll. of lading will be signed after the hoar of sailing. Far freight or passage, apply at No. 177 West-st.. corner of WttW*.' M- O. ROBERTS, Agent.K. B.—Freight received on and after WEDNESDA Y , May 80.ROYAL MAIL STEAMSHIP PERSIA-—ForIJVERPOOL—The PERSIA, Capt. C- H . E . Jndkins CaxDinander,. will sail from the Company's Dock, at Jersey City, wife the Mails and Passengers for Europe, on WEDNESDAY. the 6th of iJune. Passengers are requested to be on board by 9 o>elo«ka.W The AFRICA will sab on the 26th of Jnne._. E . CUNARD, No. a Bowling Greeo.CpnBAM.--BCBW-YOBK> SOUTHAMPTON, andKJ . HAVRE.The V i » m i w Xnepesm Idne United States Mafl Steen-aMpasall between New-Y ork, Southampton, and Havre: nunc xaar-TroitK roa SOVTH- KHTCRHIXO, TOOKjotmm AXD SATII. RAVKJIa soxmuiir. irjUSTDERB'T.I^eTre.Satarday, Jane 16 Wednesday, Jnh/ 4 ILLINOIS, GrkB».....Seta*deyf Jaae30 Wednesday, Jnly »confidence in the Graefenberg Theory and Practice.Tux TALCABLB m u s s or GKJU.J'BNUXKG FAXILT Msni- C1XX* do N O T CONTAlX OMlt fARTICL* 09 CXIXMOBX.OB. MBB- CCKY IJJ A>T FORM, UOT any aiXJKAI. BRU9 WHATKTIK. This tact is proved beyond a Question. All the Graefenberg .prepara- tions are made of the most skillfully compounded vegetable sim- ples of the greatest value and efficacy; and by the blessing of D i- vine Providence, the theory"and practice of the Gfaofcrnberg In- stitntion bas been triumphantly sustained for fifteen years.THE GRAEFENBERG VEGETABLE PILLS(For Liver Complaint Dyspepsia, A c Price 25 eenU a box. Four • boxee tent by matltfree of pottage-, for. one dollar)Have often been considered the leading article in the list of Graefenberg medicines; and when ,we remember that over 1,80* pounds, or more than two hundred thoutand boxet, are often sent oat from this establishment in a month, there is some reason for giving them precedence. BUT, when the great extent and severl-Sof fsmale diseases, and irregularities, and displacements, with their long, sad, and wearying train of conatitutionl debility and suffering, is considered a medicine which willrestarehealth toAmerican Women, stands out in bold relief, and MUST precede allothers. Thisis foundinTHE GRAEFENBERG COMPANY'S MARSHALL'S UTERINE CATHOLICON.In all cases of diseases of Women, this remedy wiU act imme- diately and certainly upon the sbdominal«anduterinemu&olus and ligaments, and restore them to as healthy and -trongU con- dition ss in childhood and youth. It will infallibly, posi- tively, invariably cure all those torturing, perplexing and debili- tating symptoms commonly known as female disease, weakness, irregularities, k c , which weary and render unhappy so many women between the ages of IS and 50, for whiao the medical profession seeks in vain for a remedy, and from which wealth, position, delicacy, andrefinement afford no exemption. The symptoms attending those diseases are too well known to needrepetition.Fifteen years o f ample and varied experience has proved, b e - yond the shadow of a doubt, that this C*tholicon wiil restore functional and general health, freshness o f complexion and con- stitutional vigor; and it will do this at all ages of female hf«. from the young woman languidly budding into womanhood,' toations the premnt public emergency requires. It would not jven 'or'eieghthours,a da^ the mendedtotheChurches. '•': *eem,ifapolicyhv«thatheretoforesuggestedshouldbeadopted, week,inaci ofsmokeandsoot,whichhadreduced AstheAssemblywasabouttoclose,thePastorof thatextravagantappropriationswould"berequiredtocarryoutHI aCOURT—CmcriT—-May 30.—Before JostkV ANDERBU.T ILLINOIS....... V A N D E R B I L TSaturday, Jury 23 Wednesday, A sg. J5 Saturday, Aug. 11 Wednesday, Aug. 36 Satarday, Sept. 8 Wednesday, Sept- 36person was Wiling another some facts, \vhich he was unwilling tojitdmuyand which were hard to believe. Said the skepical listener: Would you have believed those things yourself, if you had not seen them ? N o ; said the nam tor, I would not. Well, I have not seen them, and I |o,tii ! believe them.About a diezeu brief-pointed speeches were made, winding up with the reflection, that Christians are the happiest people in the world. The pleasure of this afternoon hasi been unbounded, and there has been used nothing; intoxicating o r injurious, a n d w e shall return withoit remorse, greatly refreshed, long tosembly was adjourned by the Moderator as follows:" By virtue of the authority delegated to me by the-.Church; let this General Assembly be dissolved, and Iin the road or in incloaure by the side of the road, might be held to be areasonable order orpy-lawfor the preservation of the peace, good order, and internal police of the town.But such by-lawswould have little efficacy, as they would, or might, differ with every town or city, and would have no effectTbsee ships have water-tigfat eompartmenta.Place of Passage either way the same. FfaetCabin,$120and$100. SecondCabin!#60. Caxtificat** of Passsce loaned from Europe to America. Specie dettvered in London and Paris.TX TORRANCE. Agent, No. * Bowling-green, New-York.B. G. WAINWRIGHT A Co., No. If RneFaBhonrg Moot-nsasta, Paris.OAXJTORD A Cav, Ageotsv No. 67 Graoeehurch-st., Londo*.do hereby dissolve it, and require another General As-semblv, chosen in the same manner, to meet at Syra- beyond the limits of the towns enacting them, and must beap-TKTEEEXY COMMUNICATION by STEAM when the "turn of life" leaves the system enfeebled and unable • T hecweoa NEW-YORK and LPVERBOCCi. esBiag atCorrespondence of The N. Yf Tribune.York, March 30,1860. mh30 lawfimoF*tODERICK F . CLOW, Adtfiixristrutc-r.ANNA DEMAREST, AdrniniBtratrix of said deceased.While a swingmany kind an<jl i touching expressions of regard were made toward (J he Congregationalists. M r. AtterburyofferMr. Hall immediately left for the West, where he re-etherRIANCHURCH,;::^member with pleasure the pleasant hours of this to meet the demands of the change upon the system. In the nappy occasion* We returned "to Pittsburgh about 8QUEENSTOWN, Ireland, to land sad enahscfc^pessengeaas and troubletome tymptomt attending pregnancy, the benefit of the o'clock. j;I •. PHILADELPHIA, Monday, May 28,1860., The Assembly held an evening session, for the pur-~~The Liverpool, New-York, and PblMelptaa eamship Com vaay's snlendid Clyde-built Iron-Screw Steam.hif» are intended io sail as foUowa:TIIOKxxw-TOXXre*uTxxrooi- EDINBURGH SATURDAY. June 3- GLASGOW SATURDAY, June 9. CITY OF BALTIMORE.......SATURDAY, June 16. AdBdererySaturdaythroagnouttheyearfromPierNo.44N.R.Catholieo* it mott remarkable. . The variout pulpits of the city were supplied on the Price U l 5 0 per bottle. Q** FOR S I X DOLLARS rivyt BOT- Sabbath by-members of the Assembly.at11p.m. Fare $1. Nochargeforberths.NOETBDEBN RAILROAD of N . J.—Leaves City of New-York, baker, deceased, to present the same with it had done a blessed .work; it had been hallowed by A detailed report of "the operations of the • Commissioners foot of Conrtlandt-st.. Jersey City Ferry, daisy (Sundays vouchers thereof, to the subscribers, at the office of CHARLES under the statute is herewith communicated to the Legislature.mb»01aw6mF .HENRY UNGRICH, Executor. LOUISA UNGRICH, Executrix.. Mr. Leavit dould not approve of anv action which tended to.put :ni end to cooperation in Home Missions.'10%.m.; xapbankandallstationseastofJamaica,2:30p.m.;on YORK—CITY andCOUNTY of NEW-YORK.—MAR- ThatSocietyiuidbeen sustained by thebestofmen, havebeenatoncebroughttoaclose,butthedistemper continv-Saturdays,toGreenport,Syosset, 12m.and4:80p.m.;Hemp- stead,10a«»..12m., 2:30,4:30, 5:30p.m.;Jamaica,10am., 72m.. 4:30.5:30.6:30and7:30p.m.GARETBAUMANN,Plaintiff,againstHENRYBAUMANN, Defendant—Tothe Defendant: Youarehereby.summonedand requiredtoanswerthecomplaintin-this action, which will be filed in the office of the Clerk of the City' and "County of New- York, at the City Hall in. the City of New-York, and to serve aandhefeareditsdeathwouldindicatethedepartureof apurespirit, piedisapprovedofthesentimentswhich hadforalongtimeappeared in The Iiidependent, be- cause they werji! adapted to break up further harmoni-ingtospread,uiidthepublicmindbecomingmoreexcitedinthe districtswhereitsravageswerechieflyconfined,andwhereitse- riously affectedand seemed to threaten the destructionofthe principal occupation and support of the people, many generouH undpublic-spirited citizens, representing different business inter-The complaint in this action was filed in the Clerk's Office aforesaid,attheCityHallintheCityofNew-York, ontha17thalwaysprayedforyouby."Home Missions is the name our church has given to course to be pursued. It was believed that more stringent regu-mylftl*w6wF•No.87Wall-st,N.Y.thiscause. It[hasbeenbaptizedbythatname,and lationsthanthoseallowedbythe'actofApril4,1859,werere- quired, and additional appropriations from the treasury would b eF . HUGHSON, Plaintiff's Attorney,SSUPREME COURT.—City and County of prayed for by tliat name. . New-York.- JESSE B. SPELMAN and TIMOTHY M. Dr. Stearns jvasin favor of this report, because itindispensable.On the 18th of May the Commissioners made a formal requesti|ESS^^FllIDAY, JUNE 1, 1860.W^^^^MThe.followingpersons,wereappointed-theCommit- edthecommissions •" '.;',1, •- - I';"v. <"ears. Oflatehehasbeeneditingftn«w*"of unsurpaseel beauty, a few miles up the Mononga-HEALTH OF~AMERICAN WOMEN. Q hela. Herejure beautiful villas, with 'lawns, and theChurchesoftheAssemblywasreadandapproved, poVrCrofslaughteringcondemnedanimals,andalsotomodifytheridges, and <jaecades, and rivulets, a pleasing varietythe relief of the subscribers to the guaranty fund, to which ref- erencehasbfc«a.made,'andalsotoinquirewhatfurtherappropri- thereIfla!*?iiitnowpendingontheforfeited recoimizanrthe assembh to the-verge of dyspepsia, to the pure the Church, the Kev. Dr. Kendall, said he thanked the objects specified in*be report of tbe Commissioners.It will be necessary, for a brief period at least, to enlarge the open air, tr e unrestrained freedom of the woods, the Assembly for coming to Pittsburgh; the meeting powers ot towns, so that they may protect themselves from in-and the most irharming- scenery on every side, produced bad been one of great harmony and fraternal kindness. vasion by infected cattle,.and to-control the course of the diseaseadecidedeff<set.Themostseriousbodyofmenbe-Differentsubjectshadbeendiscussedandactedupon whenitisdiscovered-withinthel*limits.Thepressingpubliccame the moat mirthful. Their merry voices and loud with wonderful unanimity; he felt gratified, and necessity that now compels townsto act upon this subject for their own protection may lead them income instances to go be-SUP'RIcachinnationfc) might have been heard across the river.: knew his people had. been benefited, and would be yond their legal powers; end occasion pnbl>. difficulties.SMITH. SUIjT])POR'CAUSING THE DEATH OF A 3f AN. TMbe C.'Craic, Administratrix, a«t. Wm.Page.This wa» an action brought by the personal repre- sentatives^F[VVm. J. Crei*.to recover daniaRe*agahistthede- fendant for injuries caused by the carelessness of the defendant's servant, reBttltinjr In the death of Wm. J. Craig. It appeared that on t h * ^ of September, 1858, the deceased, who was ahnaa 70 years,ifjjige, wasstanding in the street, in Kentavenue. BrooklynJethmining tbe contents of a wagon, when a coalfcart, belonging (to ithe defendant, came in contact with him, crashing him betwderithe wheels of the cart and wagon, rnpturtngan in- testine, fr<W the effects o f which he died next day. The driver or the cart wa» walking on the sidewalk without any reins m ton bonds, arid having ho other means to guide or control the motion* of the hoxU;fchen the accident occurred. The defendant denied carelessness'bx negligence, and sought to show that the plainnff^ was an old man, not engaged in business, and a charge upon hia next of kin", and that tl*«y suffered no pecnriiary damage or lo**^ by reason iOfjhis death. The Jury found in. favor of the plaintiff for MOO; I-iF^E. P . Clakk and Miller ic Sackett, for plaintiff; Henry A . More, for jdeifendnnt.CKAXBBKS-rMay 30.—Before Justice BosrxBT. •-. ' . ML' DECISION'S.Melahpmon Burr et al. agt.' William B. Fieke.- Mo-tionp^ntidli 'Wit, laughter, eloquence, applause, music,/ feasting, glad to see them in Pittsburgh again.This should b e avoided. jThere ia now no statute law in this Commonwealth authorizing towns or town office.* to restrict or limitthe common right of all the inhabitants to pa<« freely from town to town, and through any town with their cattle, vi greater or smaller number, for purposes of trade, business, or pWsuxe, over the public highways. SCattlefound.at large in anypublic highway without any ke« per are liable to be impounded..The power of towns and cities to make by-laws extends only to the directing and managing their prudential affairs, preserving the pence and good order, and maintaining their ulterial police,. (Bev. St., ch. 15, sec. 13; St. 1847, ch. 262.)A by-law regulating the mode of securing cattle while passing through the town, as, for instance, that they, should be led or driven, tied together,, and only in the traveled part of the way,and strolling): weretlie order ol the day. • A rich tabjle was spread ni the Bhade by the ladies of tbeThirdChurch on the groumls of W. 0 . Leslie, esq. Speeches were made.!Mr. Bell of Oakland, Cal., contrasted his Oakland with the Oakland of this smoky city, and told of the big pumpkin*, big fruits, big beets as heavy as a man, and the big tjiee, in the hollow of which two horsemen rose 150 teel, and then escaped at a knot-hole, and other wonder} of the golden State—wonders surpassing fable, and yen true.The Moderator responded in some appropriate re- marks. . :/• •A feeling. of gratitude and satisfaction seemed to pervade the body. They appeared to be couscious that they had. profited themselves b y the meeting, and to believe that the cause of religion in the Presbyterian Church had been promoted, and that they had sus- tained their character as an ecclesiastical' body of con-servatively progressive principles. . ''_'.,.'.' -Two hundred and four Commissioners had been in attendance, thirty-four of whom left before the close.Thenextspeakerthusconfirmedthebigstories:One Theusualvoteofthankswaspassed,andtheAs- sothattheycouldnotcomeincontactwithothercattle^eitherpose of considering the report of the Special Committee xx i> OF ExrxBsfl Lixx VROX NXW-YORK.-*SI The Assembly met at 9 o'clock. I)uring the devo- on anew version of the Psalms. The Committee re-TXXS WILI. B X BKKT B T EXPRXSS, ANT> OHARQB8 rUXP AID TOAddrettJOSHUAF.BRIDGE,M.D.,SecretaryandReti- tionalexercisesamemberstatedthatatthelaecmeet-dent Phyrican, Graefenberg Company, No. 2 BOND-ST., ing of the Assembly a lady was present from his con-ported that they held several meetings, and were aided by Prof. Jones of your city. T h e Committee recom- mended Prof. Jones's amended version, for its concise- ness and adaptation to music in all its variety of meters, and offered resolutions to overture it to Presbyteries, and to appoint a Committee of five to make selections from eaid version, and publish the same in a cheapSOIJTHAMPTON and HAYRE,—The NORTH leave thete jargont (of the rogular practice), and ff° your way mediate separation. The subject is still under discus- rmust be rejgpiorjsible for bis acts. IMr. Harjtfcjontendedthat tbe paper to which it was alleged Mr. Kellock's hdme had been forged was n o t an original, but simply Henry, Capt. S.O.Buddington. The'design of Mr. a copy, anfl^tended tobeused as such. The Court took th« Hall's expedition is twjofold—First, to survey the un- papers, and Sreserved the decision till the 9th day of June. T h eATLANTIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY will dispatch for ttraight to God"t work in tingleneet #f heart." l3J 'A'Li., .AND sion. The Assembly will probably adjourn-to-morrow. -the above ports their splendid steamship ADRIATIC, Capt. J. J. n o u s , o y TUB VAU-AI'.LB CHANGES' KIIK HAH SUGGESTED, AKKGosnstock. carrying the United States Mafia, on the foBewlhg x x n o n i x n W T H I GRABFXKBXRG THEORY AND PRACTICE.days, from Canal-st. Wharf: HUT» XXW-TOKIC:. SATURDAY. April 14. SA TURDA Y , June J. , SATURDAY, Jury 14. SATURDAY, Aug- 25. SATURDAY, Oat.6. .Farfreightapplyattheoflfoeofthe Cornpasgr, No. 88 WeB- •A, or for paaiage t o W M . HVWICKfXAM,Office oh the wharf, foot of Canal-st Agent* at London and Southampton—Messrs. Grbmsll, Tinker*k Moryarx.Agents at Havrs—Messrs. Whitlook A Purmett"at Paris—Jamea W . Tucker, esq., N*. 18 Faahongg; EVENING SESSION. I: ciary Committee reported that every Arian, before be-Court then adjourned. . "^HAXHEKS—MAY 31—Before Justice BONNBT.TUESDAY, Oct 36. •Ssd^Soatbaupton the day »fter leaving Havre:mile from Hoboken Ferry (by horse cars every 15 minutes)— Tenpins.Scc. Dr.C.Goetze,physician. SmithJiBecker.proprietdris.costs, if reai(fared). The present order to stand until hearing and!»*•?. HATM: TUESDAY, Maa 8. * TUESDA Y , Jane M. TUESDAY, July SI.TUESDAY, Sept ULPITTSBURGH,'May 28—p. m . .The discussion the on Home Missionaryquestion con-tinued till 4 o'clock, when, according fo previousing admitted to church fellowship, musjlbe baptized."explored region lying'between Cape Willoughby andthe eastern entrance to Fury and Hecla Straits; sec-ondly, to endeavor to gather additional particulars re-by any steamship fa She has water-tigMT.£jejgaiNotices.IN rURSUANCF. nf an ordar of the Surrogate of theCountyofNew-York,natb&eisherebygiventoallper- sons having claims against ELIZABETH DARKE, late of the City of New-York, widow, deceased, to present the same, with vouchers thereof; to WILLIAM HOLMES, one of the sub- cribers, a t his house. Seventy-fourth street, near T enth avanu'e,Dr. Wisner. »•:.:':' «-• ;.A. solemn fee ling pervaded the house when the ques-tionwastakenibutthe vote wascast without adis-,senting voice.. \ One member desired to express his re-gard for the Home Missionary Society by voting in thenegative, but iifterward declined doing so. It was theconviction of tlijpi Assembly that thiBacticn would re-ture, called by Gov. Banks to providdhmeans, if possi- some of that company,;who are held in bondage or are ble, to stay the ravages of the cattle disease in that living among the northern and western , tribesChurchi: agt. Taylor.—Order granted for extra al-lowarica <ni igreement and consent of defendant or his attorney. Herric^cj let al. agt. Allera,—Order vacating order o f arrest grain , on defendant stipulating not to bring action forfalse imprsi ihment. or for damages by reason o f his arrest. Before Justice LBOXABD. _ \Hoey Kenney e t al.—Motion denied, withoutprejudice Jtorjjni renewal o f the motion after the proper proceedinglasbeen 'has been tjaken before the Surrogate, >'••'.I THE PARKER FORGERY CASE.• &iftoabr-Csre.DECISIONS.agt. Irwin et al.—Default'opened andde-BERGEN HIGHTS W A TER-CURE HOTEL—1 agreement, th i vote was taken. Before voting thefenduntp«!i littedto oppose the motion (on payment ot $10settlement of difficulties, leaving it open for them, if co- ^^ ,^^^^. , Maeoc, $ » ; Aacnata, $ 1 7 80, lnoladsac havintr claim* against J. HENRY SPERRY, late of the.City of operation can be harmoniously conducted, as in thosethe County of New-York, notice is hereby given to all personsNew-York, merchant deceased, to present the same, withvotsoh- er*thereof,tothe subscriber,at hu store. No.487 Broadway, in the City of New-York, on or before the twentieth day of Sep- tember next—Dated Now-York, the 15th day of March, 1860. ml6law6mF TIMOTHY S. SPERRY. Executor.pjeasanter yeajs long gorie by, to arrange for its con- tinuance, but, iil ;this cannot be done, which every one believes to be..jjie case, then to endeavor to separate inSUPERIOR fcoURT—SPBCIAI- TEEX—May 31—Before Justice j | | MONCRIBK.diata Landings—Steamer Metamora, at 4 p. m (Sundays City of New-York, weignex, deceased, to present.the name, with than by acting :together, andIthat the good, or both de- should continue in iorco for the term of one year. •excepted), from Pier foot of Jay-st For particulars see hills.F~ S f ~ S A G ~ H A R B O l C O M E N T , a n d G E E E S ^PORT.—The stearaer MASSACHUSETTS, Capt W . S. Stevens, leavee Pier No. 32. James-slip. East Rive*; TUESDA Y THURSDAY, and SATURDAY AFTERNOONS, at 6 o'clock.the vouchers thereof, to the subscrfbers, at the office of HENRY C.' WRIGHT, Counselor at Lawfnno. 22© Broadway, New-York C i t y , o n . o r . b e f o r e j t h e f i r s t d a y o f _ 0 ^ o ^ o b e r n e x t j - ^ D a t e d N e w -nominations ~w.il be promoted, and Christian union aridc o m m u n i o n w i l l r e v i v e , w h i l e e a c h d o e s i t s o w n w o r k Triits own way J-Immediately npon the adjournment of the Legislature, com- missions were issued under the provisions of thin act to Richard . F a y , e s q . , o f L y n n , P a o l i E o t h r o p o f H a d l c y ; a u d t h e , H o n .have a large fleet of vessels engaged in thesion Committee sumed.respectingHome Missionsw a s r e -tection of the public interests.„. ,The Report does n o t contemplate furthertion, but provj Jcs measures te bring about an amicable settlement betjween the two denominations. Every moment of, thjne h a s been occupied, in the discussion, thespeakerslimitedtotenminutes. Averykindspirit pervades the Assembly. There is a general sentiment m favor of the Report, though many#vould prefer im-sult in the tenr .nation of further cooperation betweendenomioationalismw a smanifest,anorderofatr«*stwouldnotbegranted:theorder of arrestwas granted upon an entirely different statement of the cause of ac- tion, and must be discharged. Upon the defendant stipulating,coopera-In thejease ofJohn M.Parker, convictedinthe 1E*0E S A Y A N N A H and t i e SOUTH,—Th© in the City of New-York, on' or before the tenth day of August this body arid ine Congregational Churci in carrying session, to the ravages inflicted "uponthe cattle-of some parts of ' will offer the means jto return to their country and Court of General Sessions, before Judge Russell, on the 24tbWlSEW~B^E% by steamer E L M CITY ,fromPierNo.25EastRiver,at3p.m.,andTRAVELER, INPURSUANCE ofanorderoftheSurrogate regrettedthenecessityforthisaction. Hewasawarm •LothropofSouthHadley«ctingasChairman. TheCommis- buildiDgoftheboat. Mr.G.W.Rodgers,whobuilt nottome,1tiiiordertothateffectwillbeenteredwith$10costacuse, it. Y ., on the third Thursday of May, 1861." Singing,.then an earnest prayer and the benediction,proved by the Courts, to give it any validity.There is no statute law of this Commonwealth making it acriminal offense to sell a sick or diseased animaL Of course there may be such fraudulent misrepresentations as to bring such a. transaction within t h e enactment against obtaining money b y false pretenses, or there may be in many casesa civil remedy.Such a sale is not understood to be within the meaning of Ee- •vised Statutes, ch. 131, sec. 1—a sale of diseased, unwholesome or corrupted provisions. This defect ifi the law occasious seri- ous difficulties and great dagger. It enables evil-disposed per- sons to spread the contagion for their own profit without re- sponsibility for the wrong done.The Governor suggests a thorough scientific investi- gation ofthe character of the disease; thinks that the transit of cattle through |the several towns may require additional regulation; and leaves to the wisdom of the Legislature the subject of enlarging tbe number of the Board of Commissioners and of increasing their authority. J ' - . •He thinks that general regulations of the character suggested b y him will prove beneficial, if they do n o t entirely suppress the cause of the distemper; thinks that a provision requiring the towns to bear a portion of the expense,.will restrain them from unnecessaryOBNSRAZ. jITBUX—May 31.— Before Justices StJTBBRtlA?n>. Muuix. and LEOXAKD.ADMISSION T O PRACTICE.and the members dispersed.At the opening of the Court Mr. Joseph C* Jacksonwas admitted to practice. Subsequently, on motion of Mr. 0 .C. Genetj Mr. Max Goepp of Etston, Pennsylvania, was ad- mitted. i-| - | ,. The C6t>vt (per Sutherland, J.) announced that they would probably lidjffluni over for a week, for the purpose of rendering decisions'.] H e did riot think it probable that a General Termcould be gbtitogether for any other purpose.| A DELINQUENT ATTORNEY.Mr. Henry A. Mott then made an application thatStephenG.Marcoubestrickenfromtherollsasan attorneyof the CburtJ The motion was based on the jrronnds that Mr. Mar- cou'had presented fal»e affidavits to the Court. Mr. Hart, for accused, meaent.ed affidavits showing that M r . Marcou, at this time of the occurrence, was absent, and during his absence hia clerk, Theodore G. Marcou (father of the defendant), swore t o the affi^aNitjfn the name of the principal. The affidavit was aa to the cosis o f a trial. There was n o pretense that the contents of the affidavits were untrue. Mr. Marcou claimed that lib* father had acted under a misapprehension of his powers aa. clerk; that He has discharged him from his service and will not again employ bim. Mr. Marcou has been admittedabout a year.Mr. Mottftlaimed that this was not an isolated case; that Ste- phen G. Marcou had allowed t h e same thing to b e done several times,befora I n support o f this, Mr.' Mott read the,affidavit o f Mr. WoUao&showing that the name of George Kellock, as Com- rnSssionerjoftDeeds, upon the affidavit of Marcou, was a forgery. He also rea&tKc affidavit of Jessie Oakley, aClerkinthe SuperiorCourt; ofJM Jarvis, jr.. Clerk in the Court of Common Pleas, showing that Theodore 6 . Marcou had heretofore made affidavits in the nameffof Stephen G . Marcou. H e also read the answers t o the testimkniy o f Marcou, in which be stated the affidavits t o havo been mad* 9>yhis father, but sanctioned by him if done in theregular course of .business. jMr. Mott claimed thatStephen G. Marcou had no right to dele- gatehispowersto a clerk,andifhe did so,he (S.G.Marcou)siojiershavebeenasaistedhitheir endeavorsbyDr.Thayer,Dr.' of the County of New-York, notice is hereby riven to aft Presbyterian; j all his ancestors had been Presbyteri- the boats for the expeditions of De. Haven, Kane, and. to defendant .Dadd, Dr. Butes, and other gentlemen of.establi8b.ed reputation persons having claims against MARTIN UNGRICH, late of the ans; "but he had loved the Home Missionary Society; as veterinary surgeons.Hartstein, took the contract a n d built a boat in many respects resembling those in use by whalemen. Her dimensions are as follows: Length, 28 feet; beam, 7 feet; depth, 29^ inchfee* She will draw when loaded about eight inches of water. She is provided with one mast on which are eet a mainsail and jib. A t each end of the boat is a storeroom or locker sufficiently large to accommodate one person with good sleeping apart- ments, while a heavy canvas awning is spread for theFIRSTDISTRICT COURT—May 3L—Before Justice . STEWART.astoepted). 5 a. sa. and 4 and 0p. m., for Piermont and Soffsmi; »a.m.forPierroont. LeaveSufferasat6:50a.m.and7p.m.,and Piermont 6:15 and 7:40a.m., and 9:40 and 8:15p.m. Stag**ifor Hackeosack, Nyack, New-City, and Haverstraw.ONG ISLAND RAILROAD.—Leave SouthFerry,Brooklyn,forGreenportandintermediatestationsat SUPREMECOURToftheSTATEofNEW- verysoonexhausted- ThelaborsoftheCommissionerswouldH. GLOVER, esn., No. 4VWaU-st., in the City of New-York, enorbeforethe1stdayofOctobernext.—Dated New-Yo«k, the 29th day of March, 1860.It appears that all suspected herds have been examjined, and manycattlehavebeenisolatedby orderoftheCommissioners. Eight hundred and forty-two,have been slaughtered, for which compensation has been allowed by the Commissionersto the amount of #20,432 831THJt STATEN-ISLAND STEAMBOAT WAR. •! . The Staten'lwlund and New-York Ferry Company agt. Peter W .• ] Martin, owner of the steam boat Tamirend.Thissuiiwascommenced by attachment, andwasbrought to lirecpver wharfage of the defendant for the use of a wharf at Faptoryville, be having touched with h is boat at that point for a;few weeks prior to the establishment of the present *i People's', i i n e , " with tbe .steamboat Flora. A former attach- ment for thf same cause was dismissed for want of jurisdiction, on account of defects in the undertaking on which the attach- ment issuedifll Yesterday morning the case came on, when, on motion of the defendant's counsel, it was a«ain dismissed for want ofjurisdiction, tbe Justice holding that title to real property,the faithful labors of the best men, and it was painful forhimtoseeltsend. Hewasnotsorryto•havethe report adopted! but he was sorry that there was a 7to ccs-Htyfor its adoption.Copy of your answer to the said complaint on the subscriber at ous cooperatior • . . . ' ests, voluntarily'subscribed to a fund which was intended to ena- bi*office.'No. 87Wall-st, in the City of New-York aforesaid, J. W . Woo<i hoped the name of Home Missions ble the Commissioners to continue the work, notwithstanding^lebirol.|^ON»TIPATION (Costiveness) and DYSPEP- clusiveofthedayofsuchservice:andifyoufailtoanswerthe wouldbeappli<iitochurchextension. Hewenttosee cernedagainstloss,incase'theLegislatureshould fail to recog-and tracked along b y the crew. When the wind is favorable, the sails will' be set to aid the crew in their laborsr A t the West,; Mr. Hall went zealously to work gathering material for his proposed expedition— provisions, books, clothing, charts, guns and ammuni- tion—several ofthemostinfluentialmenassistinghim inprocuringthenecessaryoutfits. TheGeorgeHenry is the vessel which, while commanded by Capt. Bud- dington, picked up in 1855, in Baffin's Bay, tbe BritishJ.Hubbeli&'W. F.Case forplaintiff; A.C.Bradley, Lot C* Clark, and Mi Hale for defendant.COURT OBIGENERAL SESSIONS-MAY 3L—BeforeJudge : ;j| i. RnssKLL.The only]business done in this Court to-day was toreceive the fii ial transactions of the Grand Jury. They.presentud about forty, new indictments against Sunday liquor dealers, and six or eight against forgers of deeds. Judge Russell thsn dis- charged them, with the thanks of.the Court. »Tlie business of th« term, including 22 days of Court, was to send 41 persons to the State Prison, for a total aggregate of 125 years;' and 25 to the Penitentiary, for a total aggregate of 16years and 1 month.1 j Four boys were sent to the House of Refuge, and seven prisoners to the City Prison, Fifteen cases of conviction ocenrred,in'wbicbsentencewassuspended. Total indictments found b v t he f5rand Jury. 147; total cases tried, 113.The June tferm of the Court will be opened on Monday next.COURT 0F%PECIAL SESSIONS—MAT 31.—Before Justices ftrJACKENBt'SH, BRBKNAi*. andCOS-JfOLLT.William H . Bennett, ex-pobceman, keeping disor-•de'rlvhou*4'vnElmstreet;fined$50. JohnCooley,assaultand battery; fined $!>. Christopher Dunkoff. assault and battery; fined $ 5 . J Charles Donually, assault and battery; fined $ 5 . Dennis-£a»ly| assault and battery; fined $ 5 . James Fitzgerald, assuuli and] battery; fined $ 1 0 . Alexander Simpson, assault and battery:fined]$2f>- J°hn Thompson, assault and battery; finedcomplaint—Dated New-York, May 14,1860.FREDERICK HUGHSON, Plaintiff's Attorney.name 1 gave ye a when I held you in my arms—that isthe name you *;ere baptized by, and that is the "name Imade, and the Commissioners, under the protection of this guar- anty, made some further progress. But the disease had spread over a larger territory than was at first supposed. More definite instructionsonthepartoftheLegislatureweredesiredastothe:1No. 219 F«r*yth-st, near Houstoa.OAK ORCHARD ACID SPRIGS.—These demand on contract. (Comnotserved.)—Totheabove-named No.man lovedjNew-England morethan hedid; but requestwassupportedby-apetitionofaCommitteeoftheState exploring shipResolute,whichCongressboughtfromSPELMAN against JOHN SAT7RAN.—Summons for a money met the wants! bi"the church—it was wise and kind. that an extra session of the Legislature should be called. ThisSpringaaresituatedinthevalleyofthe OakOrchardCreek, Defendant :Youareherebysummoned andreaaired toanswer we must goflrward in this cause. He loved this BoardofAgriculture,byseveral membersoftheBoard,andby hersalvorsandreturnedtotheBritishNavy. TheG.ha thetown *>fAlabama,GeneseeCounty.'N.Y.,eightmile*aoath of tbe village of Medina, on the Eric Canal, and fourteen •asftea from Batavis.The principal Add Springs are three iu number; beside thesethere are six others. They are all located within a etreuit ofavbwsvt fifty rod*. The xaedieiaal qaallti** *f the waters are fafiyahownintbesubjoinedte*4snesrkus. Theycontainaveryhugeamount of Sulphur, Seipharie Acid, Sulphate of Lhao, andthecomplaintinthisaction,whichwillbefiledintheofficeof the Clerk of the City and County of New-York, at the City-Hall in said city, and to serve a copy of your answer to the said complaint on the subscriber, at his office, Number .169 Broad- way .(Gflsey Building), in the City of New-York, within twenty days after the service hereof, exclusive of the day of such service;andifyoufailtoanswertbesaid complaintwithinthe time aforesaid, th e plaintiff in this action will take judgmentbranch of the !;hurch; because it was doing a great work, because pf the brethren in'it. and because God had cast his lot in it. He desired it might be said of him when deac —Here lies a man who felt his respon- sibility,andfaithfullyendeavoredtomeetit.manyinfluentialund|honorablecitizensofdifferentpartsofthe Commonwealth. On the 24th day of May the proclamation was issued by and with the advice and consent of the Council for a session of the Legislature for the consideration of this special subject. Copies of these papers are herewithtransmitted.'1wo considerations ulone have- impelled me, with very great reluctance,tosummon themembers of-the twoHouses fromH". is about 300tuns, very strongly built, being doubletimbered and planked, herbow heavily fortified withdead wood, and being iron-sheathed from her stem toProto-ftalpbataofIron. Thearactmedicinalvirtuespossessed .againstyouforthesumoftwohundredandseverity-ninedollars inga'latesessun,andeachspeakerwaslimitedtolive theimportanceoftheinterestinvolved. Itisnotadisasteraf-29th dayofMay,I860.—DatedNew-York. May29,1860.jel law6wF* T.E.STEWART,Plaintiff's Attorney.nowschooner-rigged, andgoesoutasa tender tothe was heard for an hour. The report of the Committee 1850, was over six millions, and the number of working oxen was George Henry. SheiBto be "under the command ofAn effort wai made to get through to-night by hold-minutes. |j• isallowedtoapreudwithoutefforttoextirpateorrestrainit,ulti-citedandrequiredtoappearbeforeourSurrogateofourCountyofNiagara,incurSurrogateCourt,ontheeleventhdayofJnn«,I860, at ten.o'clock hi the forenoon of that day, at the Surrogate's but for reasons which the Assembly did noV think it product exceeds one hundred and eighty million dollars.thatthesewateraarehighlyvaluable*srnedicinalage«U.w Dr. Carnpbellear*:^TheymustbebigbVrbeneficialforallchronic diseases of the stomach and bowels."J>X.8.P.Whitereedapaperonthe«*KJeetoftheseWaters before the Academy of Pbvjdcian*, in the^Jty of New-York, m which bestate*that theWaters pot****A«ridaaly tome,re- frigerant,«ndastringentproperties;sndthatctb,eU*«ofdiseasesto which they are more parttealarly adapted, ary efaronic .aJec- ssscsaoftheDigestiveandUrlnsary^teBjnc,andsW{the^C&0tsuwonaDiaeaaes;ChronicDyspepata;CbrontoDiarrlw;chrcnlav Dyaantery: ChronicDinreciciCaromcCysticia;Wabe^cfi^,, of paesire hemorrhage, such aa Purpart. Nemerxhafica,W thea^fionativesweataof Hectic Fever^, The Wahsr may aW-bcoften»»edwithadvantage,hacayc,*»ciase eflowTyphoid.\t^veta;inconvalescenceftom protractedfevers,toexcitethe»».petiteanJaromotedigaction;ia Diarraeas.partterdadysuchsasacdependeat on a rels-xed ox ulcerated state of the mneoaa Nj<> the zoological gardexw-of Marseilles by a skipper. or approbatioi of the evil. a»«Dahiane of the fatestiaec. In Calculous affections, or Litha*-workingoxenatthepresenttime,estimatingtheirlaborlora yearat#20peryoke, ondOtheaggregatevalue ofthis yearlywhoobtainedlaseparatetrial,wascharged'withrobbingthe wherebewilldisembarkandorganizeaboat'screwof aanalboatTrafalgar,lyingin Atlantic Dock basin. Ofseveral Esquimaux. After becoming in a measure acclimated, hundred butolsofgraiu, on tlie evening of tho 4th of March lest.' ThegraipbelongedtotheWesternTransportationCom- pany. Thejevidence was conclusive a* to Menck'* guilt, and h*»Office.»uLockport,thenandtheretoattendtheFinalSettlemeat of the accounts of OLIVER P . SCOVELL and THOMAS SCO- VELL.Executorsofthelastwillandtestamentofsaiddeceased."Ifatestimonywhereof.Wehavecausedthesealofofficeofoar said Surrogate to be hereunto affixed.rL.-S.-I Witness.GEORGEW/BOWEN,Surrogateofthe said County, at Lockport, the. 7th day of May, in the year of our Lordonethousandeighthundredandsixti'Thereisbutoneagricultujrttlproductofequalimportance—- thatfOf Indian corn. T o the ticgregate thus stated must be added thevalueoftheCattle themselves, which,estimatedat#20per head,amountstonearly#^70,000,000. Uponthebasisofthe census'of .1850, tlda interest*"involved a value of products und propertyequalto#400,IKB>#00. The.averageincreaseinten waybeconstruedfairlytowinkatSlavery, hewould yearsmnyhesafely estimatedat20percentum,andthiswould niake^the.samevalueseqnal^lorthepresentyearto$540,000,000. IButthesefiguresveryimperfectlyrepresenttheinterestof the Americtnt people in this'gigantic industrial product. How far it have the appearance of beingPro-Slavery.. H any •enters Into the employment of the great majority ofpersons, slaveholders irefound intheChurches"/theyareso howhinnymillionsaredependentuponitfortheluxuriesand fromnecessit 6rcharitable-purposes,andnotforgain,. nccessitiea,oflife,towhatextentStcontributesindirectlytopub-Mtiylllaw+wF1tlG.W.BOWEN,Surrogata.oppose it. TheminiBterainthatStatewouldnotre- main in connection with thisAssembly,if it:shouldTHKDOG-APB.—AfineSpecimenoftheapefamily, ..calledcynocephalcK,ordog-beaded,hasbeenpresentedHall,andwillgowithhimonhisboatjourney,acting'.;•,-,•>,*lJh*t>Juaea:iamsbip-^enang Stasj\wijf*t5j»y.lAnothersp|i»kerexpressedhissatisfactioninviewof, ^w»J/nitt«d fortrialatthenextiyiyerpoolassaes,fen^t '•^eharmorryWdpietyheliadseenhere.".No placeinBavaria...Adriatic... \Anr!lo-Saxon|.;i........Quebec.''- ..Liverpool...,,June 2,sihamThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Mr.Willian)onandtwo others enteredaprotest,necessarytoreply,to. Dr.NelsonjofMissouri,wholivesonthefieldwhereand procuring additional Outfits,-ho will;start for, the sceneofhisundertaking. TheAmaretwillthenjoin the George,Henry, and they will pursue their legiti- mate calling till about the first of November, when tleywillseektheirWinterquarterssomewhereinthelatitude of 63°'north. Cud-la-ja-ah, an Esquimaux, anativeofthewestsideofBaffin'sBay,sailedwithMr.vih*convicted.!Sentencewasres<<rved. j PaulMcDerrnott,aresidentoftheEasternDistrii:t,fwastried on an indictintint for assault und battery upon a little girl 8 veara ofapeandconvicted,whereuponhewassentencedtothePeni-tenliarj-for35idays.StephenF'orjrcstcrand Hel«*n DempseywereconvictedofanFrancis,-at Greenfield, soinolarcenysomeday*sinceon thecharge«>l'siealimracowandcalf,thepropertyofJamesSte- vensonoftlie|:|EasternDiscrict,onthemorningofthe28thofaloneSlaveryjislikelytotroubletheChurchesofthis body, said that if he thought this measure could in anyTHECATTLE,DISEASE.Mallo:•»specting the fate • of Sir John Franklin's expedition.is now open for patients and boarders. Gymnastics, Billiards, Assembly paused and engaged in prayer, being led by The Special Session of the Massachusetts Legisla- Mr. Hall is of the opinion that there may be still living decision ofr )tiou. '".''--State, met on Wednesday at noon, and, after due or- ganization,-listened to the following address from theof Esquimaux, having j become in a measure identified with their manners and customs, and, fearing the peril and danger attendant upon ajourney of several hundred miles over untrodden ground, have settled down withGovernor:. '";GOVERNOR'S ADDRESS.Gentlemen of the Senate and House of Repretentativei.the people of theirnecessitouschoice.T othese h eThe attention o f the Legislature w a s directed, duringjLts latelove. •'-'!, • ,'The idea whpch pervaded the whole discussion was "were apparently well, and^ertify to the Governor and Council planned a boat expedition, relinquishing the idea of •'-'''•', l | | THE FORREST DIVORCE CASE. ' . |:gteamboats anb Eailroabs.AFTEKNOON BOATforNewburghandinternoe- personshavimrclaimsaodnst JOHN DEMAREST, hUeofthe thateachdenominationwilldomore actingseparately; publicnecessitymightrequire. Itwasprovidedthattheatatuto vessel. Messrs. Williams & Havens, a firm whoIN'PURSUANCE of an order of the; Surrogate the allowances made to the owners of the cattle respectively, andof the County of New-York notice i* hereby given.to aH that separate action is the.only way to promote peace; to give auch lawful orders aiftd directions as in theirjudgment the proceeding to the Arctic Seas with so large, a!;!jiatharine N. Forrest ast- Edwin Forrest.The Judjgedecided togrant the defendant's applica- tion to boipprmitted to give undertakings (upon appeal to theGeneral TJBT,pJ,*with more than two suretie*, upon payment of>"' $10 costs j ij^i. all other respects the application was denied..DECISION: Robertson agt. Hepburn,Upon tljfecase as presented upon this .application*.AmasaWalkerofBrookfield;•".Thesegentlemenenteredatonce upon the performance-of their duties. After some progress had been made, Mr. Fay,.from the pressure of private engagements, withdrew from the Commission, and the vacancy w a s supplied by the appointment of George B. Loring, esq., of Salem, Mr.free ofThe appropriation of $10,000 made by the Legislature wasthe midships. She carries four boats, and a crew, all their homes at this season of the year. Thefirsthas reference to told, of thirty-three persons. She will be absent aboutnineteenmonths.>n'sresolutiontoinstructtheChurchExtensionCom- UnitedStatesin1850numbered18,318,000. Estimatingtbenum- years,totheArcticOcean,andisanotednavigatorand, $10 ThomisWatkin,a*«aultandbattery:CityPrison10days.T. E.STEWART,Plaintiff'sAttorney. The complaint in the above-entitled action was filed in the o f f i c e o f t h e C l e r k o f t h e C i t y a n d C o u n t y o f N e w - Y o r k o n t h eef Albany; Edward taring, M. D., of New-York; Dr. R. Camp- and milk not-used for butteX and cheese returmed in 1850, as a GAHBIHOX, Justices STIXJCWEI,!, and STRTKMR. bellofPittstVeld,Ma**.;Dr.J.S.BbnlerofLockport,N.Y. YORK—BytheGraceofGodfusts andIndependent.—To Assembly oh|'thesnbjectofSlaveryarebeforethe portionoftheagriculturalproduct,accordingtotheestimateof ferMr.HalltotheAmaretwhentheyarriveinCumber- YesterdayJobnMenck,orBuffaloJack,impleadedsonm i t t e e n o t t o . k i d a n y C h u r c h w h i c h c o n t a i n e d s l a v e -ber at the present time npon this basis, by adding 20 per cent to t h e n u m b e r UB t h e n a t u r a l i n c r e a s e i n t e n y e a r s , i t w i l l n o w e x - ceed22,000,000.w h a l e m a n . T h e A r r i a r e t ( f o r m e r l y t h e b r i g R e s c u e ) i sFrancis McCllpsky, assault and battery; Penitentiary 3 mouths. Numero.uH bther petty cases were tried, the prisoners either being diKchkrged or having sentence suspended over their offend-holders,openedthesubjectofSlavery,andthesubject wasdiscussedmil after teno'clock. Mr.WilliamsonThe numberofmilchcows,returnedtotheCensusBureau,forT.*RomeynBuck,M.D..ofAlbany:Jsus.MeNaughton,M.D., THE PEOPLE OFTHESTATE OFNEW- wasadopted,whichaffirmedthattheprinciplesofthis nearlyamillionandthree-qtrarters. Thevalueofbutter,cheese, Capt.HenryReubenLamb.TheGeo.Henrywilltrans. KINGS c6tNTY COURT OF SESSIONS—Before Judgecirculars. Tbe following eminent gentlemen speak in strong term* of the medicinal value of these waters: Prof. Emmons,ingheads.M\ .t. "V-''Arcticwhale-fishery, charge. Thisofferedhim . a gratefullypassage accepted.w a ssided, leaving Capt. Buddington to superintend theshelter of the crew. For traveling'over the ice ahdsnow, a sledge is provided on which the boat is set, came in question on the plaintiff's own showing.!Hercaptain,Sidney0.Buddington,lichealthandenjoyment,and,bowlargeapartitformsofthesound and valuable business of&tfc country, are consideratious as his mate and guide. He will trust him in a great March last, \/*A sentenced to the State Prison for two years. Th©HousesoftheLegislaturethisday." 'f* ' /"';'"!'!." \ ' ' • At31 o'clock allsail wasmadeonboardthevessels,semus assault on George Sandes, one of the crew of the< *tr/e»woTld makes a minister feel^hisresponsibility like The Governor then goes on to snow that the Act of tlio tow-line cast off, and the tug turned lier head Edinburgh. ;|.,f.. ;. New-York..,,..-Liverpool..,,. J une 2*«iBe~'siiip a s that; to which iKin'gb^lcrnged; Sondes **"-«—••—^.•-••..- ^ti#B meeting^f (the Assembly.'?:; ^ ' 4Btin iMm^^^^^*^*^^^^^^^ but.his wounds-. .^ Several aUbKcts whi9h had been rejwrted on, arid^^WOtSr^^B^01^^- TlieiajcyS^of ;0»e cajseliave" flawedon the docket, were^calledup and variously dis-Persia....Arabia... Bremen..•««.»< AtrSc«...*.'.i''.:. Arago....;J,. L>...New-Y ork....... .Liverpool.... ..June 6 .Boston........... -Liverpool.... .Jun*13 .Now-York..-.!,. .Bremen,..;.. une 13.....New-York.,.....Liverpool;.,.. June 20 New-York;.,.,. .Havre,....».. Jhue 23*-TO ARRIVE. -Southampton..,,New-York.;.;.May23 I^rerpoo.1. ,/,.•...New-Y olk...,''•':^awa^^apjbaredfni our coliixn^'ajia are slmibir'*<>ithe?» pw^wt'-Thje^^ inquiry whetbera Presbytery, withies* 1rM„.w_a..^.W.^f-t^ o^^r^^^ bave6flatefthrowiV•-f-•JtmbWan^^SaFq'SuBorWu^m,catnean"tsact business,^c» wasre- v1* «Mrrae«oVer^lbe jbetchsaA•-m—an'r-K-i-o•-f t-hefUirniiteteddJ'f^ewrredttoaaVclrDim&miSttetee'toreporttTTthfe»extAsnembly.thecity,arrivingabout1o'clock.Mr.Hallisana-Vanderbilt.J.M Anica |.«>'StAtee.'.-*• ! • • -•(liverpool jteper. 1 ^ 1 7 ; y-f ••--JKb *tptomm wne^her: fexoalefcjHay vote for elders, do not essentially -differ irom the :dMCiivtlou klyfln by English£f)&%m^:%'%8®:i&.fi'&'et im'x,..:l.•:...? '..Untitled Documentlast Winter.is insufficient to meOy tHe present phase of the disorder, and in contiauatjoT} s*y»: ; _ ••One year ago the 2.*ld of May.: 1 # , it-wat^trrought. into this State w'ith.an imporlaUon of.Dtitalu^i:tth>.from Holland, and the distemper at present existing carfbe"traced tft no other cnU*e than to this importation./ '^••'"- ^•>" j;* T?,'*. '" >*-"*'-< ••• •ThesymptomsoftbediseaM'in"it«'VW»ifi>station.InthisStare• * . .i.»•.hjotliT h eions, 2,4"0do | Lard. 19 do.JMovementa ot Ocean Steamer*. TO DEP ART.havinglight, and the dicers from the ship were gradually dying away as the tug hastened them away to sea. A-vesselsin t o w .breezewas veryhomeward.Harris, Mayor of the city, and several of the promi- nent citizenBwho accompaniedMr. Hall down the Bay, bade him the last farewell, and tbe party returned toMr. Cornelius Grinnell, the Hon. J. N ..IIJuno X ;.'... New-York :•H«T«J.... y.. Juno 2 www.fultonhistory.com 