 -!humanity, charity, orwasU-s•ta-^-jT—Kt -Mattaebedtothe fort itw'f will alwaya be great.then-stilkeatonce;-r- __^^\vf?t} •Sff-irr'J ^ij*-'*-BAV JfTATlB STRIKES. UroiO THS WOMSJT'ryt>«««r at ny >iillw—iui af^Tka TtoatAM Uimf BO mtmrnetA aak aamai aai WkMlea aadCITI INTELLIGEJNOE,CiTT8tao«Dbitiho.—Inthegyj^nmregionaClTtlizatioa beforv the KcraraatlOB. lllC-, JMaiIi>AtnBiiaada<|aatya«fe«tiiaryM Iaf«V.M^*k«Mk.I»a.8. J.li«, Mm,Mi m.1^- 1"'We work and they ride," "No foreignBar, nowpre?ent,wlil bear me witness'•* *,^f r-^ ?**»•.• ''!*iii«'fteinhahUaataarefialtermeD, and thefr families and »mkateceuederotedtothefra.icn.er"hosede^ coloredpersonshere,]1meantSouthernniggersJ. Fox and son, Wm. K. Caldwell,ofeast. Cilijto to roppofed to preside. Tn°'«"f keep still ;Cocbt.—Calendar for this day.—No-i- 24, [Shame,thereare unduenervousnesismaogfiningsormienvderoynImputationof upandbumanised,andforthatChristiancivilization 44,CO,so.SI,52,57,58,59,8S,65,66,18,22,26,5,10, •tcerai,e.aeeotmtofhlUoHcalanoclatlon*. Two-tbl/Jslet them make niggers of youDon't againstwhom would save such from ofit fought. Christian civilization liftedA. Blaat.-aarSiia ______^pay great ttl.toonim.endabi?,wethm-c ttay do H might be improvedgetThis speech was a good onebelongs by prescription, to thegandyHook.H 14 Cot. Uland. 1 ||Oat*...aHeat.on to grangers, ""o- gh s'ill till •"J;findt UnraeU almost Imme- parties, and theyat where It go it, as did road,it seemed to suit all.a* qnarter, and pnrsne'hhn witt stern chasers, till Ining adjourned to meet in Lyceum Hall.The iftro^d and yovnial went into Boston at theclose of ihe meeting, and aS the Tnus was a com- parative stranger, a committee of five escorted him heme. They insisted upon bis partaking of a stew andspeed, tluough the Cit>-'s busiest streets.A WoBD TO WlABlRS OF CUNOLINE.—The latepleasant afternoons have brought out bevies of pret^ faceson Broadway, and crowded the walks with such a sea of crinoline thatit has required all the:lemArks tohe yields. Koraf—always enter Marble- kMd with a<;uarter in yonr hand, hand It politely toChurch sent out atltsiunarles of her faithKingdom, (Br.,) Merkelrled, GiaaCDV, T.nU^ DoLii^d & Co.aaapaiatlenEurope.her firstprivilege Is a mere formality. I desire tbe Court to take into consideration the-aifference l)etween what I have been, and what I am now. In a brief spac^ of t-me I have lost everv— ^i0ia Ant boy ^(m meet, toaeh your hat, and pass onStL-atitfr Artisan, Fowler. Soutb Amboy.thr manner In which Entering quletlytbtaihebaibarian honles went forth and laidaad who can say-what the effect will be on the store- received with the usual salutation wtiichIterpers, deaiers In articles of home consumption, 1' aeb a (tale of drainage is kept up for any great toBgtliof time?Howeyer thle-roay be, tbey mac'e a grand show. ne day was fine, the air balmy, the mu.«in good, the -Csipwd great, and all the resolutions for stickingwtwere passed- unan*mous]y;[.'Ap-speaking, irflictirgadtc. to Atm. Brli'sSoos. Feb. 10, lat.t6 p».=5eU a screw steamer hi. E.n, IsikSU.so they passed a few green, malvlng speeches of encourage-cupant of that poet, Mr. been BcrraaruLp, havingMrs. Rowland was arrested inKi^sdi). «0 as. out. tai'ptfced a Rossiao. Teaacls i*e|^NnSTs en thejRCnt, and then,-w1tii three cheers for the Marblehead ^o new doctrines were advanced by the speakers.dispatchsigned.•welre yearaoW, and others fortyaad ten feet around, and others six feetfrre feet around. The comers were crowded with wds unanimously adopted.Mr. Rowlam> starling up "ttashin^ton-avenue. clung••jaurs," who cheered- eich chatty group that passed, ""ages. The Church service twing in Latin, the to with thefourft;ethighby movement forward of the horses he was throw-ihigh1;andof the Latinins u in the Cnurch service ageperieLctd heavy weather.Br.g Ai:na (of Boston.Bealsn Press upon Its Metropolitan head. While most dUlgent Inquiry, any reliable estimate of thethe Dark Ages. [Applause.] Gunpowder itself had unsafe to cross tbeand' thetalking, we gradually worked and worked, till we average of wages now earned by shoemakers. Thatchangedthefaceice,mil chuiged boats are being put In readiness » get u? steam at alisurkd ourselves by tlie -table, behind which stood Mr. WtLLAin Ouvxs, with mallet in hand. He looked tiretolute, and did not exactly know whether to let fiia Torn stay or not. To hesitate among so voicanwasnatural,batItwouldn'tdotogiveitat each other with the sword, and the strug-warning.allowed to remain, on condition we would tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth, leaving out "What nonsense might be uttered on the spur of themoment. Our hands were, figurativelyceasion the Etrald and Journal wereantll tbey purged themselves of all Intent to dotice and had promised to be as good as the Tinas was tot>e. I hardly think knowledge was everunder more difficult circumstances.in all the inventiuns since tbe Ref- Importancetuck oke the Br. echr.search of Oa^ Hat-tied. So ve promised whatever was asked. At our inter-atAssistance has gone to her. The brig JeaamaajasMmblagesofwomen,buthaveneverbeheld "ingtohisabsencefromtheCityithasnotbeensentbusinesstheCommittee vate.was century. light "transacted, strictlypri- shedoverIheeartnbytbeblessedReformation, i.Ap- IntoBarnum'sMuseumandseethat WhatIsIt" andsheisexpectedtojretoffatnexthighwater.a man intetligent, earnest, "peart set, than wore In liberty nail last night.—Under thediscourse hethat all the town isabout, someaser, and the report not having considered this fact,he peremptorily refused, In a very ungracious man-street, on Saturday night, Is very low, and the sur-Kellar. do.; Carib, Hopkins TnixilloIsnordsn, Dew-R. Flaet;was subjected to severe The handling.we owed It to the Popes and to the Crusaders. Thelas, MobileScrofula, W. Packer. Lee, Cape Hayilen:scbrs. W. H. TUensk,Scab- while the leporters were alarmed, the lady took it all In goodof havingfcy," and " Shameout,"'." arose on allVldesing murdered Riohaxo Cdemeen, In astreet drinking saloon, was apprehended by Capt. Dowuae, last evening. In a grocery store In Mulber-;and be feared that the li>)ertypart, and made op faces at the crowd.man sUted that, hereafter. PiclilceomooDlawere to be made for three cents a pair les« which announcement vras received with exprcjsione ofWxtern Mail, t-ul Brie Railroad. EM A. M. and 3y P.M. 46hb'l.-'. mclasres. iro kegs nails, and 4S empty car»»s,!?'^.'v*l'*TM'Pon he correctedin discovering traces of Hon. S. D. Nobtbwat, ofhimself, and effort had been made to bum the buildiag. Large Norwalk, Conn., whose mysterious disappearance said England had her Magna Charta and RunnymeJe, vllle, City, "Ba;.Ti><osi. Feb. 27.—The bark Wheatlaad kas arr. af ber diik, but is not leaking mach, and the eaUalit sta'estbat her cargo may not be msehdaauod. IM has but 600 bags ot coffee.;speaking,CATUEDKAL WANT HIOHIB WAQES.More than a hunilred workmen who were en- gaged in cutting stone for the new Roman Catholic CatheiJral, in FKth-avenue, between FifUetli and Fif- y-first stieets, have demanded an Increase of wages and refuse to work until their demands are com-admitted,pursuedof literature aiosc and mind waswas'then that the so-called Reformation came, andset men to and grumblingbut,Flre*«IN ALLIN-BTBEET.Washington-£uaruilKe,dt.eVxsbii. AsBoBs—Tie brig Moranoy, Oapt. Tlauf,many upcan earn on an arera^e (3, (S or tlQ per week at the present prices, it is Impossible to determine from the conflictingaccounts. Itisaremarkablefactthatthe scale of prices demanded by the shoemakers of Hav-discovery in February next. The organization remains about and use of gunpowder in war, the average of deaths{ASTVTtlMnODS.] CHILTON ONTBB CEOTON.SANDY HOi^E, leb. 28. sunitt-Baik Wm. Wood-side is ^oiog up the Bay. two ships, outward k*iiirt_tasrahaaadMttMwattA LECTtlkB BT UeiT BIT. DB. PALDUM.Bight Bay. Dr.!i*£ir^i*?^!Sf ?" saalialiie BtaiaPrlean and t»««kll<)r*a./. raBlkBar,H;K. "ItiMaii m^ mm asttagmwtmthatarmaffireyaaiaaadtwo Mrs.HopklaaaA**•dWt!^'J*^7«.^kSahe was ableTOW—far themachlna, $1for kar boanl, ta for ;B. k. Wiatlow 6. C. Barren, Mr*. <^ A. Tw aba!Boplw—*"'"''^ Bome -cf tbe Bo«t<n sortM- man Is at aU smart she can make «I0 perAssoelatloa, there was a very gaod and a very appreciative asdleoea.ran OnnreUaBdvlfe.S. Woodeoek,Ceo.O«boti,e. w. h.of only fifty liw, TnMd»y, r*. «, 1**. week. t»B« of the bossas says, however, that " »accidentallyHyrtle-aTcnne yesterday and setioasly In- bar, B. BarlesoB. M Latz. wife and eUl4- I4.JIUDWJJII. Tui(t9my vtaitad tb« town o( Hufale-ker machine, which would be clear «3,to theferries,f_^ alBoatioflitt ofOw iLynn maloontesla. ThetbaIndulgenceofthehouse, representedthat theLynnstrikers.Isfrom20to'25percent,lower.Kew-York was some distance from Lynn, It will be obvious to those who are intelligently in- w hlch fixes but one tariff toiron, &c., aadyrym the West, andFiltermanufactured UcKtuzn Baltimore.Feb.28—Iheby brig Victoria, from Car-« makea]l,wkiDk l«n her a cleatprofitever has had th« misfortane to ride many times inGoddarjLO.aad tbtt we had been at considerable vestigating the subject, that either the Lynn scale is expense too high, or the Haverhill s'tale too low. There is ain getting here, and that it would be thekalght of cruelty to tantalize a stranger so much as I the two. But this very discrepancy of prices showsrtnnlri be, were I to be Ignominiously thrust out after how depressed the business has become, and how sen the ExecutiveOBca getting ta. The vote was taken, and we were wide the difference in the prices paid by different BuIIhlo, the Secretary tor the ensuing year.great Republicreared.[.^ppla^]Sc.Jmicu. Is DOW go;Dg to i-icc^s some of bar carfro may bo saved. The bark Frank, from Boston, reports that sbabut not injus-manufacturers for the same quality of work."as the 11th century, might wellearly outweigh:schr. Petrel. &a*a SSK Feb. 6. aff OarrI*:ing one, and the listeners were numerous and grati-— sembles a honey-comb. With a continuance of the"- <^ j,;">SV '•?;''r WJ*-" X-:'*-^.OTRr •.- .'fSVi|t |tott-|rpg» <ig«ftit toe>aft8btt||, JWKtefetf^gg, a«eo.aaaat lAerty HaU.>»mawai» intervstlng. A ofMaine,Intownsdistaatfromwaterprlvlegesaad^of BOBtbs. Tba ntsaaar is day, B8.l«l,.JseweelUt, Mn Wtlcbi.Soma of tfaa itaMl>.llniWMtd1fcataheldi«< a machine on which where steam-power Is too expensive to l>e ased forS aaary, — delivered a lecture kaa large exyaiieace In life which eatlU«d him „- ^ „•«per carts and drlvco at ao; forthematerials,tlw bastings,edaaUly of burglary In the third degree and wu sent Ahx. Thompaon, J. Baphel, wge and two ehutm:rates over ttietl ;—making 9i SO notmlraeulously even roads of the place, that tn a O'Coaoa and a number of Fathers in the Csthalle to the County FenltentlarT for foar montlu."»; the week withsure. Infantfromtheprotwblycalledtomindthe"down Civilizationaver onjured. terfeit$1billsOBtbeBsnkandvite.H-Draea,B. City Hospital... Coun- son, J. J. Ifa^e, L. Kejs. W. W. BaaMr of Chemnng, Klmlra, N Luper, B. McLane, Jno. J. Dickey. J. X.1evening coaches,upper part of the CityThe"lecturer was EaropeaaShawai taken to theb>ll. H. B. Blanchardwhtn the blbc^ing Isn't closed, and you'll get it. roughened puddlr.g-stone pavement of Fulton-street, City;don't work your machines— :those who entertain tnebmo.dy The thteranpsafenr of attemptedthey were Indebted to the CathoUc Church.Modem12, 17, 42.A EEriKTABT Ceiuikal—SOBBOWyiTt Con- TBBsioii.-At Elmira, N. Y., last week, one Paiio Bwhoweour MoiheiB In the Revolution."all we and then ask,dont do It then, 700 will before yon leave.Mjua couragething. An honorable and lu-Scotland, and so on ciati\e office, friends, money, honor, good name, teLknrK.iBam.,) hiei, Uambunr, L. B. Aia^ek lijHxmtwipn. the procession (ram Lynn, consisting beer, crackers and red sal^r-kraut, and then with of bashful young men to navigate their way through. 4fako^-S^MOmen,precededbya4>raaaband,entered merrylaughandpleasantchattookastoourelegant Thepleasingsightinspireseveryjacket-wearerwith At Tillage green, escorted by 900 Harbleheaders. and really metropolitan quarters at the Sagamore, the readiest wllllBgness to grant that the dear crea- VkaaiaiUfram the hotel steps was a very Interesting where we bade them goodnight, and retired to tures constitute the better half of our creation. But ^«. Foot tbonsand men, without work, poor, de' dream of nonpareil, of machines, and eight cents for yet in spite of this gallant devotion, one can hardlyEngland,unUl the cross was planted and the cross lllieity and health, all are gone. And yet I do not Co.yandlng partially upon the charities of their neigh' 'ban and partially upon the generosity of the trades-Ben of their town ,'glvInK np a certainty for an un- ailsliilji. 'iiiiT I liiirf In trouble with themselres 3Uny kandrtds of women ar.d children, wlille to a «ertatn extent the wheels of trade are completely Mocked, and 10 Immediate prospect of relief ap-^' " mentatcriptlons of Down with tyranny," We are not Thote who were In the procession conducted them- ardly escape from under the huge blocks of mar-" Inmid wouldiiaws," "Tio sympathy with the rich," Our bosses selves in a very orderly manner. They were cheered pie suspended air, they make as tremileat various places on the route, ard when they arrived less for the'r safety and ours. If theyimuM remem-apcn and look very pretty, but they dont buy din- two hundred persons, and escorted to Market-square. ference, and would adapt the numbers m which they aer* or idothing, or'keep the men at work or the Heie ihey were addressed by Mr. P»» Dixis and walk abreast 'o the exigencies of the case, they might wcmea at home about their business. By this strike others, after which they partook of a cold collation. save casting many a scowl at the clumsy owners ofThe reporters, who followed in the rear of the pro- hunyimt feet, that encroach on their long trailing 0i5fVCO vtikly 13 ktptjrom circulation m Lynn aiontt cession a when it entered the were rot>es. If, finally, they xcoutd affect a little less of aa nsered helmet for the head, they would look mucham to have an oiace abiding any-Brugtlon; O. B. Bailes. Jayne, A pslachieola, Oafclaasixty pair.* heatingJ AP.Harris. Wa^lacton,—-: B. Sad-FHOil THE BOSTON PAPERS. THE STRIKI IN LTKH.morning, according to the predetermined plao, num-a little careful about the plkea of their parasols when tbey stop to admire the charming patterns and loresof collars in the shop windows, masculine eyes wouldfrom the —but the fact was, and tfiere was ex- peoplecelUnt authority for asseitlng it to be so, that poweram deter- I can under all the trying circumstances which my unhappy fate may piesent. But 1 have to urge, and earnestly sollcll the Court to consider the facta I now state incuali;;Fcomoke Chase,Kdlj,Elixabcttaport,?•*(*The Boston Courier of yesterday says;Europe;yearsage,has hitherto sustained;let 'em Uethe Iniiltuuon of horse-raclng from the BioocnlogdaleCbrittlaaity atoie and came iradu ally over a sea ofbdrbarifm. They all knew how In the earlier timeswhole lace ofK S9Arabia. Sotuotnhe. Lyaa, Savaaaah. S. I» LiyerpsoLXCaHMi Choaiieake, Cri.well, roitl.nd, H. B.Cf*ma«II*Oo. ;oloom- Ing dales and hills of the Central Park, has recentlyW H*n MAKINE DfTELUGENCE.been in nippedwaste tne they kne w, t»o. that ttiathe bud by tlie legal pincers. This is very well if it shall be followed by the use of the legaland wasDailxv, 29rapidAsfoclaUon. The platform was oceapled by Case.rprtnglesacents a v«iy short time they ara reduead to powder. Who- Cbnteh, and besidsa th«;hasEast" custom, and had a chilling saspldon oreap over he defined to be"<""»'of toe meeUng, Ml«» Caaa B«.wi, a very league with the makers of plaster-of-Parls Images, and gentleness of manners. The date of the "ksiia A. Gaxnaa from her husband. Joas F. Gativ- starting la Last aJ*W«d wberetlw striken hrrcvbtklned an ktcendtner that Mrs. Miuja's estimate Is ratner low. ThJe lea"1T- him, that pertiaps the driver on the box above was In and as appareat, among other things, la refinemaot City Canrt yesterday a limited divorce was grantedfrom limarks which w«e droppedlibertyreclaimed frombarbarismlastaraaiug. ... In the"JspWcaiue of onr gWtg wu a deilia te witnen bfiBi« pretty idrl, s.id that she called at a shop that and had agreed to pulverize the bones of every vic- point of all civlilxatlon he fixed from the fall of SconnsB, ofevening biihlel was presented to Rev. Dr. JM.rs. tamp "Cn.iide.on H. Kr.wft:.feFa.nWdecbhsitlde.rJ,B."».^mediatette dologsaaaUned forces of Xynn -and Marblehead. Wefr.end of hers hard at work on a lot tim enterteg his trap, and deliver the dust over to the RcmeShe asked what she was getUng for them, Image-nsen aforesaid. Visions may Iwve arisen in Panan civilization, ard,India, by Sabba'h School atUched to Dutch Reformed Church. South Fourth-sUecLEntaDgA K. Wnrxan, H.of the mau neettng, composed of thedavandfo'mda o(tinlngs.;speak, first, of RomantieFluid Accident.—OnBeUtas, wlfb aod 1and wastoldligkl "gibtietlngof hisin^takV.%eentejir eixty. "Girls of Lynn," his mlad of the horridChristianMonday evening Mrs. LASBsuBsniBa, residing at Ne. 96 Front-street,do hear andIbOBd Tery little to tdarire about the tom, though said CUBA, 6'rr/» of Lynn, you that bones,—wrought Into various-moulded forms,—on the even the definition of'aE'K. a. Titus N. Beaam 'nt,B. McNair. R. M-Ooliirho.. B- 0. DerbyStreTllri!^VTEiATcas AUtJUiAe—ram bat.Sun rise*.... t S6| Sun sau..-. i Mi| Kaoasati.... 1BIGB WATIS—THIS DiV-.^ view trom the old tart Is verj' fine, and the iater- Tilll jou stanl it! Never, iVeuer, Nxvii. Strike, head tray of some ragged Italian exile. The3>reak-nack It emlchcd Itself by Impoverishingmerey.fatally Injured by fluid and taken to the City Hos- J. Wrighi, S D Turotr, Wm.andsiMAnSX cauls for your work raece in which rival coaches enter, over the frost- Its own aggrandizement in the abasement of those was on fire.attemptedto fill alamp whileold RomanTuesday foicepefor the removal of the more deeply-rooted that there was then In the world- «a^Sawtxb, and was sentenced to State fc«ade»»,whp,-wilh stone in hand, demand from him orderly. Canvassing Committees were appdlnted to that while a man in bis own vehicle, risking chiefly that Ihe living Church, which had for a tme Prison lor four years and eight mouths. When asked mOTarte'r. IfheIsdisposedtobestem,andnotfork lookupfemalestrikerssndtoreportfemale"scabs." thihseodwrnivenresck,ofischeckedbvthebrakesofthelaw, to lend its head to barbarlEm, at length Ifhehadanythingtosay,hematleluefollowingre-coaches, freighted wlih the public, •rer the quarter, th«y Inatantly atone him, give him .And with a vote of thanks to the Chairman, the meet- should be allowed to dash on, at almost steam' engineto adjourn toitatelT fUTTOOBded by a host of the young Marbie- night, when they would have speeches and be more cosch-raclng nuisance. It certainly seems unjust, Should never be prevailed ag,ilnst—(applausej—and uponbtirgh, r«nu)gerproposedthat which aMissHOWARD. refrain from suggeettng that perhaps If they c«tiU beto devour her to the gentleness of the lambs of herown flock. (Applause.] It had been said that thepriests of the Church rushed Into power—grasped li mined to do the bestThe Like Undikwbitees.—The Sixth Annuait Is very low, is but to^> app-irent. That many have Convention of the Board ol Lake Underwriters closed entirely the art of war. Foinerly men rusTied memenfs The riverbeen unable to obtain any employment for weeks and thetr labors on Monday, in this City, and adjournedmonths. Is certain. But wlietber good shoemakers to meet again In the same place on the third Monday other of the combatants. Since thererslrs, and being brushed up for the— openinggation. Atiany Evenir^ Journal, Ftb. 28.of navi-HIGHLANDS, Feb, 2?, sunset-No iniriril vessels insight. Wind lights.; weather faasj.k»an<Aae; whereupon we^stood upon a chair, begged erhill, who have just struck, compared with that of property, general merchandise, railroading to tbe discovery ner'scompasstliatnewlandswerediscoveredthat Thecloudy SAVA^NAB,wide margin of profit for the manufacturer betweengrand cretionary power as to the tariff rates. Capt. E. P. was aDoPB,— Union PABTTEiEcrTiTE Coxmitize. The Ex-on the 24th, 3u miles £. N. £. ofTh« hall was filled to Its utmoat capacity. The plied ing in favor of a Constitutional Union Party. Infor-but it was not until the that eighteenth5i cents a boWef>ur feet cf water in her bold at high water, but at low water, with ber pumps g^'irg, she can be kcpitraa.CHATHAM. Feb. 28--B. S. Smith, the Undervritara' Aeen*. reports that be moved tbe bark Atlas abaatVff' feetthismorning. Thecarirois nearlyalldlirkailld,the same as last year, thein battle had not been one to five. Then, was It notow-ofthemarinei's wcic sitting there that night?-wasare at SO' t or at S. W. Solt. Windand thto announcement drew forth shouts and the woodwork near the mantel- doubtedly gone to Kansas, upon what Impulse, hon- no taxation against tbe consent oi the ,-.eople, three via St. Joseph." ^dko*Argeline Avery—brig, from Cienfaegos for BsstOStOaieaponse of her neighborately,would notbum,designsof the incen-The'am out," eoon drove them.l«t iBjaraBttaloACommltteeof theWhole, and Iwd aFine Abts.—Mr- Hall's collection is to be soldHoremeDts of Ocean Steamer*. 7oa lUBon.Kimc. Arakii'""""liearof thedwel"i"iinBK-nhouse Nno. 1f3«3 W«eist meetingthe Directors' room of the Metropolitan Bank, atYork liar. 2s....Kew-TorkNew-Totk iTBOPB.ftVOK'tt npvrrr Xxvr-VoRX, The followWrtin°nce"ii»eU byandl^k:jof that Commonwealth. Legislature —..Mar. 21 ..." piled up against T'''TM "id^-' IBpokea*"T^aatdanold lady behind me. "You shut up," wasorable or dishonorable, remains to lie discovered. hundred years before the ReformationA FOBTHComNG Stoby.—Miss Lt;cY A. Ban- it arose the first Absolute Monarc'iies and standl.ig armies. And, finally, he claimed that in the best of,h', "l"'?""- '-y sof piece, where they had been set on fire, but, fortun-.while withDeparture of Ocean niaUs." I^adieslook at meJuraTh« eitrciaes at llies* monthly Kdlsburgbtative tane of Totii»laaglln'. So you care for your noble cause ? Are you descendants of old Mou.v Siam or not ! DidIdg.; brig BIdalgo, diachg.SAI.TINQ THE STKEBT8.;followingchangesbeing close revision of the classification of.iLd tight S. B.; waatkac bszyon the wat<^r.only madebeing placed in the second class with flour, &c.,compass that they it not by the man-:is equivalent to a reduction of rates on thosesubjectof the reverendbefore the Reformation." ClvtUaaliaDJoan greatN. Gaanna and Job.v D. Jo:<Ba were cho- the mariner's compass. Then, the a;t 01 purpose.quite durable,Committee, and D. P. Dosbins, of which was said to have been imderstcid astion.occasionallyJAMES R. CHILTO.\, .M. D.,Atlantic, 13 ds. from NassauBlaa, via San Andrew on tlie 8th Inst.ecutive Comnalttee of the UnionTHE STOKE-CCTTEBS ON THI BOKAN CATHOLIC helda meeting at their rooms, last evealng. The Pre- of the Reformation ? Why, 11 was the second Augus-Strike In the City.stable-yards01 impurity, or read Haspsb's forJIarch, on the Inhab-itants and Cistern Water, and you will not diink Itsident, CH.\rscET W. MooBX, occupied the chair, and tine Ace. it was in that age that Ea-fSMCS came forth unless filtered. Sold and warranted by McKzsiiB & Provincttown, hi^.h water to-iav. She laythe attendance of members was very After the large.usual routine business had been transacted, A. M. BiHiaoBB, Esq., a delegate from the Committee toin his brilliant, classlcil style, to laih vice, and somedmes virtue. It w-as then that other ornamentsO'Haea,No. 326Fourth-street,N. Y.ashore at Wood End. has six feet water In her bole. PKOVIVCETOWN. Feb 28-The ship Mongolia got ofiPenktd Hill Bar this afternoon at I o clock, cithe Richmond Convention,reportedhisinstead offirst great literary epoch—the Fif-[AdvmlMaau.]lots. WWBLOW'S BOOTBDtS 8YBBT.there, givmg a highly flattering account ol the general ing, inParty, in this City,tbe condition of was at the time EtiropeBUSTuA', Feb. 2^.—The ship Mongolia, Vdaber. from Liverpool for Boston, struck on Peakeo Hill Bareexperiencesfighting,improv-bound in.1 be brig Jean Baptiste remains ashore. Her eafgttOb^mcTi, to be presented to Archbishop Hcobxs, but ow- addresses made by various gentlemen. What other last Talk to bim of the tliut had been WoNDBES Nevbr Ceaee. If you doubt it, dropladlea wefe nieb as you can weeks, and no arrangement has yet been agreed mation regarding the organization of Union Ciaos in Imagine free, self-sup-literature,.England produced her AnoisoN and others. And partiagi fearless, iuppy women to be. We have seen upon. The following memorial was written by the v«riou8 parts of the State, was received, and short Germany made no advance until the middle of the[AdrertlMintDt.] —tohim. Itcontainsastatementoftheirgrievances:talkingA Suicide Fkcstbated. Andrew McCabtt, spoke of civil lloerty. the current theoiy in relauonto that it is a humanized ourang-outang, and some that She got ollat 1 P. M.. without damace.Nsw-YoBK, Feb. W, I860. We the undersigned, stone-cutters at the NewTke object of theportsofCommitteeswhohadbeendeputedtomakea list of reasonable prices, and to solicit the girls of the grievances now existing between Mr. Jotcz and tree, at the foot of West Forty-ninth-street When what had not been done before they united Museum. They repeat the " Octoroon" at Bamum's to conie ctf this evening.meetingwas thehearingthe re-a dissolute old man, was detected after- yesterday!be taught to speak The hugs sea-lion and a mon- A steamer has gone ber assixtacoe.Cathedral, Lynn and the surrounding towns to join the strike us.InFiftieth-street,wishtomakeknown noonintheactofhanginghimselffromthelimbofathere was the place, Cru*toster of a grizzly bear have also just arrivo.l at the The bark Atlas has been dischaiged, aad Is expectevBaLTIMOKF. Feb. 2j-Arr ship IsabeUa, {romMoB- tevldeo; alfo. brig Marietta, trom Oemcraraoa tte Ttiu WILMINGTON. Feb. 2S-Tbe schr. Troth. fnmBal- timore hither on the 16tb, sprang a leak offCavaHat- London Cuts Bacce. This unrivaled Sauce, teras, ShethrewovertMard aportitmof hereatgo. na la the sl^n and those work at home—the former wages. (2 per day. The remainder of the men were Jefferson Market Police Court, and Justice KsiLt plause.] it was Pope UbbAS who told assembled Eu- manufactured by Fakkie Bbos., London, can be ob- bark Suliote, from Cardenas, bound to Boat*a,i«t ta|ovement.There are two classes of workers—those who workThe facts are thus: There were from 110 to 115 men in the employ, of whom seventeen were work- ing by the day, and received the rate ofdiscovered by Officer ToMPEiBB,of the Twenty-second Europe. It was then that the maxUn was laid down this afternoon and evening. Ward, he bad one end of the rope around his neck which bad been so well spoken by our own Wassi.io-Iht lattar work on their own or machines,BOSTON. Feb. »—Arr. steamer* Caad>rid|ce, Bowa*.Wm.DaylUht, Bolbrook. CalcuttaNew-Orleans Tarqaio, ;work by kand, foialahing tbelr owr> materials, it is evidentday. The consequence was, there was a committeeMr.—Dying Bubolab. Chables MtrspHT, the bur-who told tbem to ttieir enmities and unite that the buryBaltimore: ibifS Solferiao, PiiailslMi, Smith, do.: barks B. l^saatala,they could not make more than from 7s. to 10s. per eraois.:ner. Consequently, the men withdrew their labor at the New-York dlscussloa from the employ, and are still out. The price paid geons;Tolonteer Gorhsm, Charleston brigand let him knowto waitthat the latter diould receive higher pay than the for- that the men requested an advance in prices, which glar who jumped from the fifth story of No. 540 Pearl- gathered bene«th tbe c;roBs and triumphed. If weappointeduponJorcs,Cross might be strong against the Crescent—and they were not Mahomedansorthecblidrcnof Muhomedans:—"the limb. The miserable old man was taken to the to Pope UsBAM that tbey were Inde'jted for that. [-Ap-Unites we stand, divided we fall." And It wasoae fbe mshlnet and materials of the bosses, while working by the piece, or ptr foot, at prices at which committed him to the care of tlie Almshouse Gov- rope " You are wasting each others lives, while the tained of their agent in this City, A. J. Pabsbb, No. hers h.aky.regularfAdreriiseloeotl —Mahomedan is marchlnglupon u^-" It was Pope Ubban 15 Beekman-street. Tills article is superior to theand was making efforts to throw the other end over ToirHospital have no hopes of his-vUeh followed was rich beyond description-the Mr. Jorcs to the men was 30 cents tineat recovery. It Is asserted that he has a brother who Is possibility of being fiee, then, we owed to tbe Popes. Ringworm, Scurvy, Saltrfaeum, Scald Head, Sore Thayer. Galvestonby piece per It was when Babbskissoa came down iaaloodaa, piques and cliques of the various foot sshlar twenty Inches high, and less in proportion a director of one of the banks of this City, and that [Applause.]:alrelea balnr as it as the height decreased. The price demanded by the the name of Chailbs Mcanrr is assumed. The upon Italy that the Italians called on the Pope to the medicsting influence of these vegetable and bal- ai^arent proceeded. One save them, which he did by the NorthmenniaeeUiuie«Ba> Tbe«teaiDihlpJamrstown.oftheNew-YorkaadVIr.Co '» I.loe. this marnlng roiina itjamed•ppeaadtheadoptionofthereportbecause"the menwas30centspersuperfirialfootforallashlar, policehave,however,failedtoascertainhisrealname. liackagainovertheAlps. Itwdarsivtihnegnthatfreecities samicremedies.^ices sat were so high that the bosses wooldut payquoins.(Signed)CITT POBT-OFFICB.Dcparmtre •f Domcstle Malla,Vnrtk-Albany,Baffaloand Canadai 3 P.M.W the Iron Works, f.-ot of 8th st. I. K., tntba Morirantkem." " "".Criesof PutherShut up,"hermachinerythoroBgblyorar-without regard to height, and.six inches extra for COMMITTEE.-An Alleged Mubdzbzb Appbeheboeo. — Diubiob DAHKAiia, the barkeeper charged with hav-and Republics sprang into existence, which were subsequently, imder tbe name of lioeration, menacedby the first Napolborof the present Napolson was nearer akin to the lib- erty of the first than the relationship of the presentBinia SieamshlpThe Chair-boots upon the tenement[Applause.!RepublicOn Monday night an incendiary attempt was madery-street. defence.He claims that the act was done in self-goulband couthirestern Mail. ...5 A, M.ana l>i P.M. l0a»*~ore on G:lg< Bar, near Jones* Inlet. Capt. Jtar-house No. 26 Allen-room which Is not tenanted. Some of the occupants of the house yesterday morning dtssovered that anstreet, in a—SThe Missing Man. The Police have succeededaaM they were to be three cents higher; strips of paper had been torn from the walls and was noticed in the Tons of yesterday. He has un- the Habias Corpus, trial b> jury, and the jrrinclple of day, at 8 A. M. Letters should be marked Overland,and from that he would second,!Frtlf.ar,b.M. Herbert.Vi'm- Nichols,A. Powers, J. K. Lum, J Roseattae. D^. Boat. lH J. Prtiwn.O Johnson. J. McNalr. J. B.Pleice. M. Wagoner, M. Ph-lps. B.theteenth and Sixteenth Centuries—MllllOBs of bottles are now usedfte Called States for chlldreB teething, with never- will be budl> damaved. The aceamer Reseae wlU at-NapolsonTheW Mall -.-BX A M. from RictnoDd, with a cargn consisting of IDO teas aaal, >»»rth and eel Wayand the"you think because diary were frustrated. Had the flames gained any ball, daughter of the City Superintendent of Public our own Generals of the Revolution as many (Wednesday) at 10 A. M. was passed Feb. 14, lat 42 31, Ion. 44 34.yoa'ie got a couple of machlr.cs you'r. tliere would no doubt have been a some but headway,will pool, N.great Scbeols, is writing a serial tale for the New-York Cathol.c names would be found as any other- The The Havana mail for tbe Star 0/ the West close Carib—tbip. ofBoston, strg. N. K., was paa*adF*b»yon aint no more than anybody else." At this ooiot loss of life, as there are nearly sixty persons residing TheReformation, he said, had never founded a Republicon Saturday,Uaick at P. H. 3, 1'426, Icit. 3.«2I.lon.69 4S.Barrie: -tcfr., from ManzanlUa for Nev.Tack.'VM.aan* men peeped In at the window-"In the house. Eswaan WASrao, the owner of the tenement house recently burned In Elm street, was also the proprietor of the AUeihstreet building.Weekly.proprietorsits publica-; most that could be said of it was that it had aScat scat^and away, and the meet-tlieshare in founding ours.Feb. 17. 1st. 23 28. loo. 84 30.Oiler Pock—schr.. (of Castine.) from Prorldene* WtIN WEST TDIBTr-NINTH-STBEEI.giaadeliaUMringforfiveminutes. Twoladies,one ThefirebcUsranganalarmfortheSecondDis- streetandFourth-avenue. Weneedonlycallat-BROOKLYN INTELLIGENCE.BCtt W At Vaasanilla, Cut>&. Feb. 12, brigs Thomas DenntaaB,of76! [Yes,Mar. 2<Xew-we've '•'«'>, do beb&ve yourselves. TherespifUyes,is music andSuch was the caseof:....stop this!-!S., K.^*">MinoDodj nowhere who alii aid you If you don't A Novel Peoceedi>o.—The^T""frh ^""'^regularbuiltMoUStarksover noticeanewesUblisbmentjustopenedinFeb.16 Liverpool New-Tort*tia^-'wh".'^"""" P""":" "Plteh •«"> tothat CltvXdirvbarghADglo-SaxoDAfricaKova SeotlaneiaagowAnarlcA.AnstraUalanVorth American... Feb. 29.... LiTerpaalCCheers,clapping,, &c.Jfor the purpose of enabling fugiiive slaves inFeb. 1£LiverpoolPortland.Mew-yorkPertUnd.New- YorkBostan.Kew-TeihPartlandWew-Teik .'f;'e"»e"i:c.v,b!fit. ay or public plaj* &>tke*ali<New-York New-York Naw-TorkWhe'8 andtt«n.eeif thei"—"You We Part Forever"—Mrs. Pau- 4. Sonff Say-Llverpoo! Feb. 22.... Liverpool^(M. talk It out. When mmaad bnalness.« AVopfaiiloB to march In theFactory The oldestti.eengaged lots it Is dilEcult to ascertain: proOaWy tl.ooo willdisposed sinkingl....Iiambargr-ifl', f Vfir-y^rk.AT lee ih.1t may have demited' isJ-,yearsm Jfar.l^fjre the Matanzas 8 lay Mar.acLlacc 'B said Cuy^ except snch streets and aTCoaaa, or*!« .topic t thattheir owners for i. His office is inwas P-ospect—iiortii"si-Ailrr.D,! ccnipanies,outsideone hundred dollars, nor mora tban^o hundred aatt--andOTtrjoSanceagainsttbnmf»•"•afraid Wt-11 put 100 atWhat could SieoT?"* «lyelled"Order,"h.'TH^^'"clng purposes, belonging andsobs.5. ComicThis con-'tii'-itcd the earlier half. After refresh- City of Baltimort.Feb. 29... Liverpoolwhich drew forthtkaOUy cf^mpaales hereby per- of saH Inside and oiMibo^ f ibeir tracks, under apaaalcy of not leas thaawomen woviM bettor foUoiJtolpant by talking that way, whenaster Is to accident. The exactInew-TorkBavaas. Mat&ozaa.mindede than be gaddtng about the streets'* »»" en acover and tlie lots of the Comiany,$50lithatsiistalnedpresent Legislature.I^ younger girl asked the last speaker whatgenerally attributedmitted tocnntiDQe*^ """^est.made such Investigations Chatham and other places I Africans most congregate, as satisfy him that atmbers of them are anxious and ready to re-"to theEstablishment," on the dock atThe building was entu'ely destroyed.*""="»" ««?vllle.ments the remainderof the card wasof. was inBaionlA Circassian FultcnUar.Mar. 3.Uar. S....BaTretor the purpose of melting any snow4,'"";^"=,"^^'^ "°« toatmasters the South If badof the mill was erected over sixty but was still a very substantial struc'.ure-solid oak. Persona werethe and the dis-The music good taste.was well rendered and the.Qalway WEB* INUBt.accumolatod or beenproces.i,-, di^uV.'!,n tSl!'etsand to send them InA tniincorporation had btca preparedpropermnsic.Tothistherewassomeasai? ils»ate>«<toKeiv-York na eAiDoanA.<w thatafter the men's processions the lastwith the Tl,.. wieeOn the 24lh, a man who was daaf, or deter- yesterdaymined to commit suicide, was run over by a tra'a on Asp-sBW LiwiB pleaded guilty«MArtJJlmy.ni,i »s,,.R3 f,, jjjgj, ,«iTice» at Chariestown.Uoad,nearFort kept^opa Arrived.In tttamilHr IttrtlUTn Light, from JspinwO^Jtbashe had been treiB^ndp-jB,andthepitoftb«B«we- wen' (nndei*tgBa«7Wther personally or by letter."taggingaround on waek,girlsHe states that he " has25Feb. Livenoollawful for any person or ai'r'i''k .ball not he perasaa'^^ ^' '"'•'"A\Dyeing PrintingStateoIslandFeb. 25. ..or caa,e to be cast, tkrown oe other subBUnce, In any aTeaoe.everybody inor-tsl^trtbey only the he proposes to furnish them with trans-part..theho theat Martinsburgh, Va., have the Central Plain. He 00 the degree, and was sentenced to twe years and ttkreeSprliig.ftreet line oftlrett, near 1 entli-«venue. The flames were speedilyine nre la unknown. IS WisrJiar. 7Mar. 10.Mar. 14Mar. 17 Kew-Tork Breman.KForty-ninUi-olreet.times thereaddresses.stages, in West Thlrty-nlnth-HatLaway, hence, diachg.Meteor. Baynes.;from Bos-Canada agent who has under- taken this charitable enterprise is evidently in earn-Miss MiwiLrTOS, Messrs. Loan and Colioh. 3. Sulo-Fl"t«,—Ht. KiMUtni-r.to return to their masters. The.. Feb. 22—Canada, especially —Ballad—Ht. Swirr..Liverpoolto cast ibro- or °prit,k)e, :?.iAi.S»altcrBcvtothere until a very late hour of night,S.—which the us«areatcompany with remuneration Desnoyers' block lan'B name is BaoWN, aad his adver-followlng statementsgentlemangoingthereof, as ate traveled by tkacarsaf''Arraage- partieswillDeguaranteed t^y:li^wilhbeyond qwM)aB^II> to strict fulfilliaent of all oOUga-foas. PartMutamHM of retamiflgeaa communicateindividuals.Allpattiesareinsured,— CESessions.—BeforeJcJgeGarbisondollars for each visKcs cf 'bisordlaance.announce thattion will bo commenced in two or three weeks.this evening, at the Academy Rooms, corner Tenth-—Feb.2S Hew-Terk UvarpoolRival— lark, from Aspinwall forher crew siifc, Feb. U, lat. 23 48. Ian. BwllklajsaaaiiUagthomwrhlnfInterest, andtheotherthe trict yesterdaymorning,about1o'clock.Inconse- tentiontothisfacttoInduceallwhowishtosecure SocialBoibee.—Theregularmonthlymusical PolledKingdom...yeb.J9....}few-Tork Olaaauw.ihop glila, bacaaie very much excited, and weredavoilas themselves to an expose of each other'skablts, when the Chairman, with the persplratiu.iaiartlng from every pore, said In a loud and authori- th^f,?^,".. i "»"i^se about »100. The origin of SiKHorT, of Boston, Is on his way to Virginia, to en- Association, BraolilynBornssia Young PrinceAlbertMar. l....aew-TorkHambarg.Fareica Farta<to beA Pabdon rOE Andbew Stetens.—Mr. Gxobqi ciation was held, last evening, at the rooms of the ArMMOdeavor to procure Ihe pardon of Srsvt.ns by the.i.t tl-;K' '''«, and day evenug, In the of the ChUdien's Aid Society will be held In music, and addresses,quence of the of a fire in the sUbiea of the discoverychoice small p Icturespresent.and social soiree of theMen's Christian .Asso-New-YorkMew-TorkKew-Tork Llva*-pool.piedomlnatlng.'"0- Pl^ce about 9 .ydock, on Mon- Childbin's Aid Societv. The annual business gatherings are not regular. Sometimes tliere arc BremenKew-Toik Liverpool.rOr.TY-NINTH-STRIIT.AfricaA uierica Vandei bil t ji.ia joltonDetroit papersprogrammeconsisted1. Oi<rfu«—Platoforte—Mr.Pbblps.2. Quartiii'—'Come Holy .S|ilrit"— Mrs. Paasohs,—Feb. IS.... Liverpool2 o'clock this afternoon.StatcnIsland.BrasiNO or a Dyeing and PbintikoEstablish-MiBT.—On Saturday morning last, about 3)4 o'clock, a fire broke out in the mill used for grinJing stufls forlast evening.Tas.Mar. 31 PBOUaspo, timber beinga stated that the project for newprivateliKhmond County Ga:tUe.CotTBTand Justices Stuwiu, andMar,6....New-Tork Aspmvsll «(tytrack In spite of the lepeated blewlna of tba whistle.Untitled DocumentBpALoma, LouiavUle,Ky., hada only17yearsofage,bat Barker.Jr.,a. 8. SaaU andla the maia hall af Coaper ta a mesa ieDgiby term than wonid have otherwise Koa», B. 8miih,Capt. Slackmih.j^qaltaweek—out of that she polverizing the mineral lumps, they are put IntA loBiltnle last evening, before the CatboUo Ubnij beta awarded for the offeuce. Rsuna TaoaAS plead- Wanmd B. HcrreU and wife,wCifeG.an* thvr«eUe,il.of modempowdered cIvilizatloB. Pagan' Rome, he said, did not know E0PBIA]I-r.Wrightwas thrust upon ihe priests—that they were asked toThe Lynn strikers formed in procession Monday their fair but careless assailants. If in front of take tu It was the priests who originated deliber- -connection with the length of time for which 1 may Steamship Northern Light. TinklepauKh. tsiilintllabout seven hundred and marched to persDUs,rlan mind. It was the Church thatbroke down tner. B. A lien. Feb. lat 24,beringpears. Their banners flaunted braTely. Tbelr Marblehead, accompanied by the Lynn Cornet Band. few steps before they stop to cha'., and let cow-Ion. 79ship- supposed to be Eoipire Cuy, from New-tMs^^grlBdna,"jalic*,? and navy others of like import read very tion ol the Marblehead strikers, nnmi>erlng about one, and by the present fashion, one of great circum-Then came the develupment of the spirit of thrt I expenredassembled at the Town Hall at 9 o'clock, lor the purpose of raisingsatisfaction to all theMuch regret was expressed at the loss of Col. Bet- TBBFiXLn, who was regarded as a good and It;funds to carry on the movement, and to themselves Into a protective association.organizeii junction to take care of it.This was followed;Thnmjw-on A Ilonter.Btij: (iiace Worthington.Freethey, Zaza, Cuba IS d<«with mol&stet tobu/arand Thompson A Honter. Sx-G. H. HAWLiTwas electedand Lis co'jnsel were jostled about the byBrig Umpire, lof Boston.)Hirgins. CienfnegosUd*,,e'ected Chief-Marshal of the Strike, wliich he ao- cepted on condllion that they would all agree to obey bis on'ers, and refrain from all riotous proceed- ings against manufacturers and expressmen.Ooatayiak Oe. The rirstp.'-rtorthepaS''a^eexperiettced heavyChairman, and he an-as Lieutenant-Colonel,andso retarded that they did not reach tlie sidewalk with sncar ard molasses v> P. V. King & Co.—yeaaoltvthat four-fifths of those who hadnounced agreed tostrike would join the association. He waff- In favor stopping work until the bosses had agreed to sign tbe;Echeduie of prices adopted atthemeedng on Satur- day evening, and the question being put to a vote,On motion of Taos. Siina, Mr. Hawlst was New-Vor'(C His:be In less danger of being blinded to the beauties ofAniTcd.Feb. 21, and Havana Mth, with mdae. aiSl trearan alat the tMjraers of the town, were met by a delega- ber that the circie In which they move te an exclusi^-eeven to mv lastpenry in performing bteaicer Kennebec, Hand, Philadelphia, with atomIn carriage town,and respectfully urge the Court to use that leniency which these clrcumstaDCes de- must be borne In mind that the greit ua.<'S of ttie peo- mand. For myself. I repeat, I have nothing to say.greetsstranger well favored enough to t>e in the possession prettier, and leave mankind no book upon which toplause.] At the time of which he w.as it in sentenceaof a conveyance, which is, '* Let's rock 'em.'' They naig complaint against the utter perfection of theirwere accordingly " rocked," to adamaging extent, so far as the horse was concerned.Twelfth Last theRegiment. evening oflScersof the£tiip Tropic, (ol .NuvBedtord.I Loring, Blssasan aa< ple were serfs, who could be slain by their masters 1 shall be satisfied with the witu isasf'. toThe procession marched through the principalstieets of the town, (whici vary in width from five toten feet.) Afier they had disposed of their "cold some lime without a Lieutenant-Colonel, the late oc- bite," and after reviewing all the interesttng locali-ties, tbey proceeded to the Common, where speecheswere made by Sakcil Gaaiif, Mr. Bissix and others.Bark J. A. Bataid, (of .Newport. ) Trilliiais riiiaam bnco Jan. 1:6. with sugar to master. Feb. 29, «lf CsK^^ 4 the was helda^rtoy and three groans for grandizing bosaest^ the About o'clock procession reformed, and Seventy-first, meeting at the .Armory, In ordertoLynn,wheretheyarrivedabout o'clock.and the LynnVes returned home, after cheering their entertainers, they marched back to select from among their number a suitable persondalega&pBSparted,-with mud In the road up to their knees, but with sn-tofillthevacantoffice.Therewasaattend lively interest Inwas in CO. with sctr. Mary Brewer, from "laattgoodThe most interesting part of the whole morement amined yesterday, and held in $4,000 bonds. He was the result, the nominee ot the caucus being lookedtktisiasa vraxixg stronger at every step.Soak place last evening, aud will be continued to-for creating adlsturoance^tated, they refuted to accept the change, thethird tne time,Judge decided that he had iiojuris-(Jranas,Ckiu<t,ftaK when the N. forBastoo, wasaa pas-ed.and pat a bQ^ on aaas41 rrfer to the mass meeting of the binders and Mitetiers held ^THI FFMAli STWKER3 AT LIBIETT BALL.In CMBpasy with the Boston ffrra'd and /ouma/, the Jfiw-ToiK T1KI8 mouBted the top of a rlckelty smni. tmB, aad took fifteen cents' worth of ride over ruts aaa through mud to Liberty Hall. The streets were tknmged with girls of various ages and sizes—some—somepartiesseated to-,aJsht.William H, Fibkt, who was arrested onance,calendar, as astronomy and intelligence dic-rivtd at. and yesterday, when tbe case came up forballed by Mabtin Hoon.AFFAIBS IV HATXRHILL.The schoemakers of Haverhill, agreeably to a vote passed at their meeting on Saturday evening last,struck for and higher wages yesterday,upon as the successor* of Col. BcmarixLn. On the first ballot, Capt. Alii. P. Kixhak, of ompany G,received a majority of the votes, and he was then unanimously nominated. The choice seemed towas apart of tbe clvilirlng Influences of Christian iry in what some were p)ea.<e<l to call the D-irS A^es. It was iiot exactly tbe civilization we wer*j getting now. Now we were being civilized doxn. Into coalmines, ard gold mines, and" For upwarJ-s of five mlnut^-S after this decisionSaturday, and seat to Salem, was ex-and the members seemed to take aFeb. 4. fur New-York. Tr.e brigSt. Jago- bd. to Uanzaiiilla, to loadthe new stores going up, they uxniid move on aative bocles. and through them improved the baroa-be imprisoned. 1 have parents who are aad agedhave been for years, entirely dependent upon me forbeauty and their taste.LlEUTEN-AST-CoiONEL OP IHl BmNTT-TIRSTfor the most trivial crimenagainstthat. It was the Cbiirch that pro'ilelmed the asylum to which they could flee, and ivne-e, once wiihin its wails, no one dared to molest them. [Ap- plause.] It was Ihrougn the liistnimentality of the Churctl. too, that the serf system was broken down, and that It in the msln had ceased during the four- teenthcentury. InRussiasuchwasnotthe forlerftcilythe Court dc, ms to propersentetvce which PenangUuda., master.and 1 Ship Ansuia, (Aust .) Hot.RioiMsMT.—The Seventy-first R«glfflent has been for—.Albany by Capt. BasK-promoted to the command of the recently reorganizedR. Row- L»>»,anddatedin(IdsCity,allegingtliatthewoman dl.. sugarandhoceytomaster.give generalinterested parties.gkaiilSed from New-Vork lad ;easl,- iL Lcr sternvhich can be seen on board the vss sut^ding and sails b-nt.officer,Is to be hoped that should Capt. Kiickai consent tothe he will accept, position benow strewn with the monuments of the Christianrefinement and benevolence of tb3se ages. [.Vpplause.]It was through the Church, and at that time, th^t lit-erature and ari were developed. There were threeprominent causes that contributed to tne developmentof literature and art. The first was the preservation to it a short distance up the hill, and a suddenas the oldThe Riobtb and Liasilitixs of Infants.—Judge Clbbsb. of the Supreme Court, last evening dellverr d the tenth of a course of lectures on law,Regimentuntil jjst as the the cidld was carr.age containingbefore the students of the lawof the was " The Rela-D.Torrey. lOriflln, Cardaaail wifh sugar to H. b. Brckmao A Co.University.tion of Guardian and Ward, andprttins must learn the Latin taiisuace. In tbe Mr. RcTtLiHD lost his hold of thea shout of 10. with^i'iar and molai^ea to J. V.acceptable to thecrowd,department subject.iipjearfd sympathize mother, and when Scbr.J. U. Bowman. Wooster, Mayaftues. P. B.,FailaahitlBg them with cries of, Co In, gals," Re-nemberHouYS^Aix," ''Give the bosses fits,"&c.i*C Reaching the foot of the elalrway, the Timeshappened to be ahead, and with great difficultypressed his way Oj-ough the whalebone and rattan toIke top of the steps. Here a venerable lady stopped every striker finish the work he has commansed aad considered tbclr liabilities under the civil and criminal that preceded the Reformation, there were more grt-at The little girl is now probably on her way to Jt S(.hr. James T..BradyA Committee of five was then appointed to wait upon the manufacturers, and request them to sign the list of prices, after which it was voted thatlie woul'1 make an a?serti-,n wni^h, to Rome, n'i^hl ther would manyoe ^the entrance, and said in aloud voice which attracted return it to his boss.the attention of the three hundred occupints, (all A Commiitee of ten was thenwomen,) "No, Sial No sica cames in here. You the towns of Haverhill and Bradford, aad obtain the in the United States Army are entitled to a diacnurge.Cotton paper was known ai:'j used in 'be tenth century, and linen paper In the fourteenth. Clocks were madejof workmen to the Dill of 'BaTe^nmoect-iis and inspersed the purposes of our slgnatutes prices,andby lourleenih.and not hut one man.can cmn£ In feat our Chairman, Mr. Ouvia,"— them to join the association.THE PKICI3 rOR WOKK.m Below.Bieetlns,to-nightsuch Infants are not entitled to the wrtt of habeas cor-therein maintained. The lecture was a interest- «i>co«ery gunpowder second, mariner's coin- y and inThe Tdub uoj staggered, but in a mild and gentle makers of Massachusettstone urged that it was not fair to visit the sins of the " We have been unable to obtain, even after the fied.very of:the rapid wasting away, many piccjs it now re-Bark Wm. Woodside. (of Bronewick, TrtesteNov. 18 and GibrfltarJaa. 12.appointedunderHe examined the recent decision of in get Judge Hilton,to canvassthe unr-ettied question, whetherto meet the train. Tne distance was run in less than an hour by Jahzb Coatzs.Sailed—Steamship scar of the Sonth, (or Ship t'anova, tor New-Orieans.WI> D—Puring the day Irom N. to S. andHe cou- disabilities of minors under the common law, under the civil or Romanmonasteries tbe monksand tbe oy i-ilg'-imiEescarriagegladness echoed within and without the Cltv Hall.sidered theprivilegesAllEiizabethport, eoaL lacunder the Louisianathe existing law of the State of New-Yorknever see his child again- Mrs. (Iowlibd Bltmtord.law,Code, and, fourthly, underseem hazardous, but which he believ'>d to t)e foliy tjue; and that was, that during the tnree centuriesleturned to the Dtla%an House anda Mr. Rownsoandvaluable lltera'ure of the time>,n(iappeared pleased with the marner in which the afiair had terminated, and wished that the fa-the Court of Common Pleas, In which it is held thatInfancy."copied ;the BioleSrhr. A. S. D) er, Rogers, withweatkcr*Salem.Sch--. }:iva]. Baker, Eliiabethport, witli coal, ipersonsageSayanaaka Terj Ucht :Me.,) Feanell, pasH, and, Ihlrd, the art of priniiig aiid all these in present mild weather for two davs more, it will be Schr. Mary Brewer, Loae, Irom UansasIOa.—<B9pUot boat EUwood Walter.) f By Telesr«»h>NATiGATtcs OP THE HrDSO.Y.— Boatmen .ire looking forward loan early resumption of river navi- The Boston Jountal says of the wages of the shoe- pus, and expre.ised his dissent from the positions would call special attention. Fi'st there was the gaiicn. irince Saturday the Ice in the river has been10 P. II., calm.others,soughtD.Caark.MnnaiuraMLof the world. It uponrailroad ferry- crau are un-lergoinggle ended only with the life of one or thethis land of oars became known to and Civilizatlun,Diaphragm& CHabais the kind of Filter tu which 1 al- detiaa fur Baltimore, before reported ashore off Vleo*ourarticles, they point to an invention that iiad been as gigantic, consider tbe artificial sandstoneand is a decided impro^Tment. Members to have dls- as in its good results? The elec;. icwtiich constiiutes thetelegraph to passed, Cape Heai7»every yearwith. They have now been idle about two enthusiasm which prevailed, and of the general feel- duced a Cxavvsiis, and Catholic France excelled in falHng suecess. Relief Is Immediata and cerlaia. tempt to get ber off atnext high water. The krlg bamthird division ofprotesting BOSTON. Feb. 28, P. M.-The ship MoagoUa Is bdow. it is a brutalized human being. Oh 1 if it could only The brig Jean Baptiste has four feet of water la her.hisplause.]which was, that it did not exist during the so-cslleiDark In tbe first .Ages.sades, which In theIns'Jtute. The rooms crowded with ladies and gentlemen—the fair sex-.- ,improving;anditsupaos l without damage. At sunset, the bore 17 mllse Ir. W*and conversa'uon, withoutBr«tonLIverpooL Havre. Liverpool. Havre. cil,conversation,at other the.Uapproved by tbe Maji/rFeb. 27,23d ofFSe^br^a^a^ry^,^wSilUbiabu'Jd-forward and there was a good KaraakWhere couldporousluded in my recer t report to the Croton Board. Itwelfth century didVOBot soccets, and that the draft of an act of t^tarof the West... Mar. 8SrEvKJB.— In thislie following eases were dlspoaad of:esnlitit*iera Light.... Mar, E....new-Tsrk EOS laa usmaaANiAir.Xshert L«i». .....1Ut. i;... ew-York KAspinmll GIbr'tr,3K).ofmonths' ImpiiioBment io the Bute PrlioB at 81b(Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069burglarythird—The U. 8. mall itinimtlaKew» Itbmi.—a Utile girj waaBacloca, N. OT., were eireulatad In this; eltypital Shethe wiok ley, P,ofEmpire crusBOO-they knew also a respectable character, pleaded guilty to an aasaulthe of Fcornoqmuetihed fifth ctotitqhueerorsRome. [ApjiiailM.] twelfth century that hviogmaikableMa* i» Pliabi ihi CocbtStar ot theFirst to Ireland, where she sentend best, (St. Patrick,) and for three centuries after- wards Ireland was the centre of cHllizatloo. AftertomlsilonarieaIreland, were sent to Che nation of the. SLipsEIionora (Br.,) Cann. Antwerp, W. P. SehmldtiFranas. to—speech to the Court:,MrSctheiaimlsh^ipSsonI have a fewthtoughont make, though it may be useless, for 1 know this Unitetl;St. Peter. Savin. Portlaod, Ttaompaoafc T revered where the Roman eagles had never fearpritonorpuiusbmtnt,andformyselfIask rwlh- anBdiigk Arcadian. 'WDwd,New-Orleans,been. TheNoitbeinsbecame but JohanLa,(l>atch,)Z<vaneuburg,Amsleida Catholica, ihey txK. 1 urge nothing by way of mitigation. I have * Meinke; Richmond, Clark, Havaca. J B.were rude and uncultivated—^they were neither re- lost to andand yet ere five centuries had much,suffered so much, that It Co. passed matters little to me what now becomes of ton.:Alrican, Button, Port-aa-Princc, Miller U Hawk- «fined nor gentlethe Church had reduced the wolves who came down me. It U a sort of gratification to me to be Schooners Life Boat, Eeed, Port Harla. XtOar fc;maoe aware that Iwhere, and I can only saj for myself that Iveryposslt^'ethatIrey ,RosseU, PhUadeiphia J .WMcBee..Feudal system, under which border war was the rule a of their portionand peace Ihe exceptionwhen they were engaged in the destruction of tried to perform my duty to litem, and a member of northerly winds the last t ds. ArriTBd Rasbadttnae each other, proclaimed the truce of GoO. this bonoraoie off the BaMiny;and for thatit was the Church that, caic which devolves ujjon an only son. I have everand ever since had l)ecn twelve days behind. Su'-.b uictlon inthe case. The J^iurnal ea-ye.CapeCru?of L^-r. Br.bark ueoritefciaitheB; DuKgen, waaaSBaatBonDark -Ages. [Applause.] All Eurooe was even erst^'jto God, as was the clvilllizauon of the so calledwhose name we are not permitted to took the use,child up in his arms and left the room, with the moth-valuable knowledge was acquired and spread abroad.it was not upwardand helaw, and under our own laws. Finally, he discussed Inventions than during the tliree succeeding centuries. Louis, as the carriage reached Schentctady In time Pcbr. Moderator Lett-i. 3;procured team and went in pursuit of tiis d.LUghte|^monks in the tenth and century,w.i'-ihes la tne Musical notes wefe«7iireuio the t*cll;li century, and organs were made at the same lice. And there were three other inveo'.loi.sto which heBj!i, who had received aesan asreportedbyImrkVirginiaB-bad teen the rendered,would be readj aboat ISth.byageneralru.«h towardsthe ,ioor.Mr. Kowiisnsec-tjnd, the raonasuc Institute, an*) third, pilgrim- If J gthwife into a heap of mud. The entire audience dssupport,protection andand Havana, foi >'ew-York.Cape Hattara* baaiiM H*chivaiiy to piotect the weak against the that duty. Even more, I oiorlgaged the last pieces of to F. Perkins. ""strong, and particularly the weaker sex against property down to small tiLn'tets of little value save to Stsamer 1^ estehester, Jones, ProyMaaea. ^wrong from tlie stronger. And when in jousts aad rue. to obtan money for their wants. Would to God Co Isaac Oiiell.tournaments tliere were injury and deatb, it was tlieChurch that proclaimed either a great modification inI cnuJd have done mc^e and better for them I In Steamer l«ew-London. Smith, New-Loau. view of their necesiiaes and to mdsc. and passenpers to E. H. RockweU A fo.their conduct, or their ei.tlre abolishment.my duty them, I ask Sliip invincible. Kiosmaii, Liverpool Jan. Sr wtHaand, as a provisionVidulich, SmyrnaGibraltar Jan- 16. with rags, wool, Ac. to DolUksOa*;case,Russia had sepsrated from cbe Catholic Church in Lao dt-prived him of the custody of his chtid, a little Bilg Hainan, (of Macbias,] Syeneer,the eleventh century. They opposed t^e Pope, and girl, b years old. who was with her mother when ar- Cul-a. Feb. i2. with mahogany, cedar, &c., to Ta they are seifs still. In fact, so strongly were they rested. Two hearing* were had Lefore Justice VVoL- k Hunter. Feb. 21, lat. 31, 1.^. J9 40. was In i_ opposed to him, that, when he changed tbe FOhD, in Albany, wiihoiit any decision having been ar- snip i<oircrino, of Bosti n. bd. N. Off Wnmln(taa,X.<remainedgetlier until there w:is a slight niovemcnt of feet nearthe door.Almost in the twinkling of an eye. a m in,S^wHmti. -invention, but it could not with Filtciing medium, be an excellent article for the th<^ wreck of a schooner of about 100compare The instrument is andtons, balling froiB New York, with carved work on her stem, painted white, and with a gilt eagle in the eeatre. An. MgCatlioiio S,iain pro-very:Martha, Robqlns, Matagsrda Heads and the most inveterate skin diseases yield to WlDg, Jayn*. Mobile.Viiro were Buropaun IS de., going m.Liverpool. A t Zaza, Cuba, Feb. 12, bark Minerva, for N„ew-Y LivsrvooLCourtSic. 2. The Mayer and tite Commlsslu are hereby steeially directed t» eaose tl*"only to irsure it ac-Chemist. Visit at this season all river waters, and observe theprinting, requires to be reversedInormation. [Applause.] He would ask what dyeing establishments, and other causes ttras. Arr. echr. Volant. 21 ds. 1-om San Aodrew*.Worcestershire half the price.Sauce,and can be obtained at one-Philadelphia;Jenkins.Hallett.HOLLOWAY'I OiNTUENT AND PiLLB;to his uncle.of San Maiino bad stood for 1,500 ) cirs in the cea'.reof the Papal dominions, and under the pr.:>teciiun af Kait for Boston, by itsilroad 6)< A, U.aadl P.M. ritt. Ut,derwriler's agent, has gone to her asalataaae. tbe Por-es. and he doubted much whether nuw that Kast for Boston, by Steamboat ^ P.M.little Republic would like to trust itaell tu Uie pro- The Overland Mails Horn St. Joseph fMo.) to Plasaf-tection of the preseht Napolson. In conclusion, he rid Salt Lake leave St. Joseph every Satur-inflict,will endeavorSLaalto f eifoim it faithfully.SriBiiiXG A Child'Away. On Thursday last, Hatieias. Epcke a biig frrm Pernambuoo for HasuSimBT-TORK.,.TPK8DAT. Ak. ».Iimilus,Bairalargcpropc':'er, bound 8.,n E'^^- *m-K „Um37.^ •- _.„ —wife. f. de Ceur, «h^ l.,.__-CImmru*.Marnarit Shta, Jelliaos, St'lDey.K. W.B CaiseroD', 0«-;picited upsome ofira*«hilin. HerrlgxiB"CFeb. ^li—Alhbunja arrived at lOo'cio-k momliTg, all well.mail for the Arabia closes to-day Ftb. 12, lat. 23, lon.ts 46.European Ccmmodorc—ship. Bliss, from New-Orleans forLSTOf-Ba'«- LeavM ForDarien, 9B.1 Mar. —Mir. 3 Umt. 3Ma--. 7 BoatoBNew-York.New-Tork UvervaN...New-rork Kas.ABa.Gal Havrs-way..eiAnna,In Higbtard Light,seenNoriulk. :e ds. oat, F< b. 24, lat. 37 39, Ian. 74 U.street, lane,iiiv M cb avenue, alley, higkirarpabUstis.45. rsisat a slbiamBuwkitEh.WrightJr..(ufBoston.)Gibbs.CteafasnalcCro? ld(r. for BostonBrig Katahnin. Amsbary Pensacola Fi^b. IL witkT*l>lowpfitto Brett S«&Co. Feb. 25, OSa sunken scbooLcr «i:h her stern oat of vamrSchr. Sjsanand Mary. Tavlor, NewportSds. Pchr. Moderator, Lett?. VireiuiaSds.. with wood..Halt, ViTKlnia 3 da., wltb woaSi Virginia da., withwood.white quarter rail, a aOiher cahia wsrk*-cT!.o.-r ?>--i:i»--a^fea-^- .www.fultonhistory.com -^.s:.^-t /;;