 NEW YORK HERAluD.•rwWo am atd^finito and practical in the political contest *hichtonowgoingonalloverthecountry, and the campaign has taken a character whicht• * a n s v a n ' wnsisp nsi^Ps^n'Smw u s * twafiaapsjwmsssmBmsjsatwwmy nvsjsms*——V enal LegislationDuring IhJ Murio.wDl bethat the season will be to everyway a one. In the theatrical world Of Miss Charlotte Cushman and Mr.South or North, aThe recent electionsshow that the conservativef certainty.the Southern Statesupon articles ofwill beeven more crowded than they are at present; and, duringtoenext tiro months,whenNewYork •ore agreeable than at any other timetermined to absolve tosmoslvM from evenssuspicion of favoring diaunion, and to performMAUO, that record demenni the close scrutiny Old Abe Line* In,'- and to the pro6tration,of thisin Broadway wUl he so many bazaars the richest stuffs end the rarest and handiwork of the artificers in ery clime will find ardent admirers andupon toe conservative meases to the with an obligation a* imperative as upon oftoeSonth, and the people havetimes ready to comply with itsready the political wireworkers and legislative required majority vote of 151 And now thepleasanter than any of oar floating population it ever has been before.It has boon only tbe corrupt organizations of heartless politicians, and combinations of selfish wirepullers that have cast any doubt over the probability of the combined action ofthe piratical operations of the thieving band that occupied the legislative halls last winter. Theanceefa that the ringleader and captain generaloftheAlbanypirateshasjustmet with1856 toe popular rote of Buchanan and Fill- moreinthisStateexceededthatofFremontby onecannotbedoubtedforamoment, At—Go 'War. B o n .Elsewhere it »^e*eeme very mtereattag corre-spondence from Hendarns, relative to the move- and destructive theories oi the black republi- to be chosen this fall, and that we had no mem-ments of General Walker, whose men appear to cans have been forced to unite, and we shall bers of Legislature to elect All of these cries be arrtrtai at Raatan or Its vietattymvessels en-•mred to the fruit trade. Walkertoreported to have now but one Presidential electoral ticket are very well in themselves; an honest andup-at allreach its height with the of the Prince of Wales; hut that the throughout will he an unusually bril-J O T T08KSATOBDAY, ABGUftF % rotor of this legislathto,' * £VU HVOUIISIUVtervativevoters,andtheyhavedone_ totheelectionofdelegatesfromthiscitytothesome44.000. Sincethatourlocalelectionshave gone by default; hut they all show tite republi- can party to he in a fixed minority of tbe popu- lar vote. Last year, upon the test rote of Sec- retary of State, toe popular majority againstGanr EixCTiow.-The Union movement practise instructs the several parties con- in this city their policy in the matter of oca) elections. Let the spoils Involved bely arranged, and the result will hardly to add many thousands to the Union elec- ticket against Lincoln, in the city and; the State. ,six Weeks ago Lincoln would undoubtedly airy that a majority of the members elected tohave been elected by a plurality. This resultsome 80,000. The republican party fell behind itsroteforFremontonlyabout25,000,leaving a margin upon a fair estimate for an outstand- ing majority against the republicans of bet weenthiTheupoaBixbyiOo.'6 warehouse contract. I doubt if he< effectanything howerer, afSlnst Mather,aathe is in strong for Breckinridge, and therefore has the sympathies of the Secretary, while Burr's posi-According to Texas news, in the New Ortea Tuesday last, the excitement In relation to i ranssliasf In that State appeared to be on the lA young man bad been hung tor giving strychnine to the slaves to put into tbe walls.Another preacher had bees bung for being aa attire aUlltioBlst, while two other persons were slsUhtfjtreated for inciting alarea to Insurrection.These events had taken place la different parte of thecannot now occur. feated.the lower house shall be of a pliable stamp to make the triumph of tbe lobby complete.triumphed over the schemes of the corrupt poli- (he win workers over toe candidate for Gover- ticians. The several cliques that advocate re nor. Give us a candidate for Governor whoThe bulk of this anti-black republican rote will be brought out upon the joint stock Dong- las and Bell electoral ticket A few thousand scattering votes may now be counted forspeetivery the cause of Breckinridge, Bell andwill have the moral courage to withhold his sig-Frequent sttsmftt at potesaiag and reported.sumed by Ire, the people appeared unwitting to put faith inthereportedooasplracy.~PffiiAimmA.AagnMiT.insn, Tbe coal tonnage of toe Beading read for "not taken formal pcnaesaion of the Island of Roatanat last ndrtoes, bat the British aatfcotittoa had ex- gotry, of fraternity with domination, of charity and now on exhibition to Broadway, to stopIts funeral rites are now going on, and will be finished with the burial of the defunct to No- vember T Why, then, stick to these old party names and associations, when the party itaek* has ceased to be? The Douglas democracy and the Breckinridge democracy are liberated; and having no sympathies with the Southern fire- eating democracy, and being equally opposedad countenance of the old line whigs inpressed the intention of abandoning it oa the 30th alt. The inhabitants of the island wet* greatly atoaattafled at the proposed change, and it was be-Jiered would declare their independence.Senor Jooe Bargee, the Commtostoner appointed by Lopec to settle the emims of citizens of the United States against the Paraguayan government,with fanaticism, of common sense with exag- geration, of self-preservation with a blind, and suicidal smtonlithe roaring oY Niagara, as to ask a gubernato- rial officer to prevent the wholesale plunder, when a set of men like those at Albany last winter occupy the legislative chambers.J in a few days, aa tbe proposition wUl be indig- by most, if not all, parties to whom ItUnion can be thus dismembered, it is farther re- that Lane and Stevens design setting a Western on tbe Pacific coast. This accounts for tata P P a a t c Mk e e t t S M a a a a e r b y F i r e . Lawn, Dot., August is, ilea.The packet steamer John McMakm, Captata / a h a Mar. fromLewtt, Del., for Philadelphia, tiokirethM evening, while at anchor In Lewes creak, and It a totalSome of the blank republican journals, whichhave already token the alarm from the signs ofthetimes,stigmatize the union on the Presiden- record of votes that we pubtishelsewhere, that tial electoral ticket which has now been se- there existed at the last session of the Legisla-wffileavetltoconafryontoeIntomat.lorPara- curedinthisStateanaunionoffactions,a tureanatrociouscombination,composedof totheabolitionprogrammeoftherepublicanDOUCLiSANDJOHSSONWIUSfSaCUU'I, understood that Donglas and Johnson will take the till the day or election, the former going South andguay, via rmadand. . IThe exeitement in Texas in relation to the sap-combination of cliques, and an organization ofmen from ail political parties and every shadeparty, what is there to prevent the proposed Northern coalition, to co-operation with this newandpowerfulUnionmovementinthe SouthtThe division of the electoral vote of this State or that State, among the parties interested to this plan of a general coalition, is a secondarywmawmumu STOCK BOARO. pmuLDaxMu, august ir, last.doIL PennsylvaniaStale*%,OS,- Railroad, JStf; Morris Canal, •7r; Long laUf,; Pennsylvania Railroad1, 41. SightNew York at par.«— . _ « » • osxains, iniwn w, lam Cotton firm sale* to-day OM baiat.at lOMa. atehte.formiddiing; sales of tbe weak, 2,1*0 bates: mkSSSSL 4,600 bales, agaiott 2 KO bales the corresponding week toat year, export., S^OO baha: total reeein* u, a a , *•***!••*£•,;"Wtetoabeadofk«tyear,482,50CbaW receipts of all Sonthem porta ahead of laH year. 73: 000 balea, receipts of new crop to date, I 250 bales, aeaiastdemagogues; and they are endeavoring to cryincrease. One individual had been hong foe giv- it down and torn well meaning people together, without any regard to then* party affi-posedabolitionconspiraciesinthatStatetoontheof political faith, who were found co-operating againstit Buttheirefforts areinvain. The liation,uponeveryschemeof thelobby. TheWest and the latter North, a t far even as Maine.(Ian is announced to speak at Norfolk on Friday of retk,whencebewasproceed down the coast anding strychnine to the slaves to poison the wells; tree others, accused of abolitionism and excitingnegroes to iaeurrectiou, had mat the same fate. The Virginia Douglas Convention at Stannton formedanelectoralticketyesterday. Nofusion with the Breckinridge men took place. The Breck-union has sprung from the hearts of the peo-ple, and it has triumphed in spite of the fac-tious leaders and corrupt demagogues andwirepullingcliques. MozartHallhasnottri- supportofthesamemen. Thelistofyeasandthe mountain districts of Virginia He will and nearly all the Southern SUtes, speakingday except Bandars till November. nana cAnTAmnn.BSRALD,JT# publish to another part ofpaper the names and residences of toe Sena-their duty, tad their waole duty, to the holy of every voter in the Empire State, and w of miscbief-makinx ami dangerous slaverv agi-compact which oar fathers bequeathed to as. threafoM importance now that the nominationsareaboutbeingmadeformembersofAssembly. Shall the next Legislature be of the w»*«Bnwew...jf^H^n.flswawflnww fi^f!wm|P^'^^^^^* ^ w ww o^wof toe year, and peculators are making ex tensive preparation* fight begins; for the materials are at hand, and thej wateringandwhosebenefitsaccrueequallytoalL____ i*M»tonsinmi an rln tMa tan withoutthreataatowhattheymayhereafterdotheir Northern brethren neglect totbeir part of tbe sacred trust. This weighs pl« will soon be called upon to answer. Al-tating Northern republican party. NewYorktothekeytothepc-esaionoftbebattlefield. Her electoral vote, added to the vote of the South, will give an electoral vote of 155 against Lincoln, or three more than thetoUUkJ V EW fcawTM sensT* aO • *ji*^^P»4Vaa imJWfc * u nThe public mind, however, is being divertednaturefromthe schemes of the lobby, say thesealoof from their fellow conservatives, they legislative jobbers, and at the same time they Breokinridge; but there is good ground for toe could not command a corporal's guard of axe plotting for the election of members who belief that his partisans in this State will comeDouglashave seen that, if they held themselvesnnoronc Tan nnw vonxnas TOwasamaos.hat been here tostill farther enlighten Secretary Although the town of Henderson had basns+-voters,andtheimmense quietvotethatcomes willnothavetheleastregardforvetoesorexe-out only on great and critical occasions would cutive messages. "Governor Morgan is the into line in season to give the finishing blow to lie fallow, and permit the election to go by only person that we can do anything with in "Old Abe" in November. Let this completefusion be made of the anti-Lincoln elements oftioato be clearly denned.mat sniaanmlsnl uran.attempt of the Chairman of the Breckenridge Committee to diplomattxe a contradiction o ' m y , to tbe eflect that Breokinridge has writ-bari, requesting a consultation of friends reference to the propriety of his withH ssade too transparent to deceive ne, by its failure to assert categorically such letter a s I mentioned h a t been written. Theittat desire to prevent publicity of the fact till they toletterswhichwererecentlyaddressed ex Governor and other prominent old line whigs ofdefault. By toe pressure of the inexora- our section of the State," says a rural politi-ble logic of these truths, the different cian. In fact from the general cry, one would diana, Illinois, Rhode Island and Connecticutc que* of politicians opposed to the bigoted think that an executive officer was the only onewill follow her example, whereby moat, if not all, of these States may be turned against the republican ticketmAngaatlT,The railroad depot, machine shop and abed fall of nan bar, telegraph sates, * * . , a t Booth Braiatree, warshavegonetoSwanIsland. Partofthecargoof intheEmpireStateofNewfork, uponwhich rightGovernoriscertainly,desirable;batthe AndwhyshouldnottoeBreckinridgeand the schooner Clifton, Mppoeed to be connect- the whole conservative vote will unite. This events of the last Legislature must con- the Douglas democracy coalesce in all the ed with ike expedition, Had been seised by the union will bring out thousands upon thousands vince every one that has read the re- Northern States with the Bell and Everett BrttiehaafiaoritiesatBettee,towhomthevessel ofvotersinitsfavor,whocouldnothavebeen ports of their nefarious operations'that party. The paramounttomebetweenthereached in any other way; and itto,in fact, the a Governor to but a pigmy before thereal and practical opening of the campaign, combined efforts of a villanous Legislature tions appears to be the whip-hand of the demo-decimate*** whom population. Honduras had of the spirit of toleration with that of bi- have been embalmed for thousands of years, the old whig party—that it is dead—and thatA man named George Brit, residing in tMti maover byatrain ofoatshewaa afterwaida nrrendered by her captain.WaJker waa reported to be preparing for a descentonCostaBicaorNicaragua. TheyellowfeverIwhichwillheoneofthemostspiritedandex andlobby. Youmightaawellappealtoone craticpartyfor1864,Butcantheynotfeethat was M r prerntawiat BnMne, on the Mth nit., and I citing ever witnessed. It is the contest of the Egyptian mummies or sacred bulls that this old, worn-out party has gone the way ofthem to go for Breckinridge, on the burnt this afternoon. Lam Of,ON. . Lincoln wiU be elected by Northern States,It will be seen, by a close examination of thesame names are recorded side by side on almost every monied bill. The six railroad bills add the West Washington Matket bill received thevisitto***^^rm o waaa* ••^^n^Bjs^s^np'w^unnw*^" , •• w w w ~Governor Matgun's veto of tbe Cityand tbe West Washington Market bills;the vote on the one cent ferriage and themisaioners of Record's one hundred and ninety-three thousand dc llara claim, to whioh we o a t hat broken out in the Southern States, signifi- loxury. wffl stimulate importation, and the the special attention of the readers of the Hs> cantly pointa the way to the defeat of "Honestfor their anticipated bountiful harvest during toe plan has been adopted whereby they toe wesHF •w^PimhW w^^^s^nrjpapne*a A sfcWFmsm wnaa w v v v ^ u v v S M V i w i v effectively combined for the reconquest of toeprepaiingfor a crusade that by far exoeeds Empire State by the majority of her people. Inbe doubleIto maintain old bickerings that have no con_ neetton whatever with ton present critical con-dition of the country. For* time their con- Senators who occupied the Senate chamber this party WM only fourteen hundred;Syracuat Convention plainly shows that they are not counting without the i r hosts. The sameflicting pretensions perplexed and divided toe last winter will wear the Senatorial robes dur-masses, and had the election taken place four or ing another session; it is, therefore, only neces- pular vote, as compared with that of 1856, of foiHo la irremediably de-Theconservativesentimentofthepeoplehas fromtherealissuebythe universal clamorof fortyandfiftythousand.a toca sntc i AL waasxHGTOv aeseaiom.Wasamoies, Aapstt 17, IMP. OFFORmswaisnmsruomPresident left this afternoon for Bedford Springs. train conveyed George Bindart, Hen, Tnos. J.and other New Yorkers, sad was declared extra dow.uphed over Tammany, nor has Tammany been nays on tbe cheap ferriage, aside from those inridgeContentiontostillinsessionatCharlotte-abletosubdueMozartBothhavebeenforcedcontrolledbylocalissues,repealsthesamecoa-impulse—thedefeatofLincoln—astheirfirst impingtour;alsoex-GovernorMorehead,Their1^50balesla«tyear;stockinport,61.000bales,floorvffle. A resolution giving the electors liberty toconsulttheirownjudgmentinthechoice ofPresi-dent, under certain contingencies, was passed by cate forever tbeir claims for supremacy. Thisthat body. Union ticket will sweep New York, and theobject the disbanded democracy, in conjunction with the Bell and Everett party in New Yorkers of Record's claim, and wejmlght show the alone, can do the work. They have afixedmalents may be somewhat influenced by the adoption of the proponed fusion or the Bell and Douglas in New York, ir adopted, they will advocate the ticket; if rejected, they wiU most likely stay atCARAornxusANDTHEWARDaPAnmnR. intimated in my last despatch, the President, an-quiet, at Sf 90 a as 60 fur eaparlae. Corn qmet; mixed iSc , yellow etc. Provisions quiet, bat firm. Wbfekev rectified at 18>t'c Coffee firm: sales of tbe weok 909 bags, at lSfcc a l«e ; stock in port 1,000 hags, agataat 21,000 bam the tame time last year. Tobacco firm" E atSc. adc ExchangeonLooago, 100K• no. and with bumofladin,,1087;a109V SightexchangeoaNewTgm&vliSL-* "-***- *"**-*«- -_ _ . , _, PMAMLTHIA, August IT. IMSflour unchanged Wheat Orm r aalea 6,000 buabeh) red at SI SOa $1 85; white, SI A3 a St 60. Corn CulTjtatoW. TSc a 75c; Western, TlJ,c. a Tsc Provisions are ad vaaeing: mess pork, $10 to a t i t 76 baaea, abeoidara, 10c alOtfc; sides, lac. a 18*e ; lard quiet at lltfc a lie WhiskeyfirmatSUic.aMr *%"BCWALO, August 17, IMS. Flour steady and in moderate demand. Wheat to fan* demand,andredwinter){e.alc.tow*r:seta*of14SOBbushels Chicago spring, to arrive, at 9 6 ^ . ; 2*000 trustff Great preparations are making at Quebec for the receptionofthePrinceofWales,whowaaex-oustoit.inNovembernext,asthewhirlwind pected to arrive there to-day. The city was full sweeps the Western prairie. The sticks and of strangers, many of them Americans. The re- chaff of black republicanism will be scattered ception wftl be a brilliant affair.vlet of the Cabinet, has determined that Capt Meigtiimust obey tbe orders of the War Department in su-by i t never again to be united in a great poli- The Hon. Washington Hunt addressed a large tical party. The conservative revolution willthe construction of the Washington Atue- If he refuses further he will be disciplined accord- ing tojarticlet of war. He will probably yield gracefulratification meeting of the constitutional Union asm to Jomvy Ctty last night, making an able and effective speech, of which we give a pretty fall report tinea-heirsbe aa complete here aa it has been in the South, and the new proclamation of the higher law by Seward and the Lincoln destructives will only tend to hasten and increase its triumph.in thiii State, it may be carried against him to the extent of forty, fifty, yea, sixty thousand. majority.This will do; for tide result will be the end of Lincoln, and the end of this anti-slavery holy alliance of toe North and its unholy crusade against the institutions of the South and theATHI DxcaooT ount.The Secretary of War, attar much delay, hat to day ren-dered |t settlement in the Degroot case, referred to himWoanbfttsinanotheroefanaa• veryble case of suspicion of arson jnst concluded by In order to give the conservative re-by award it torn .than half the amount PJ?cla as justly due, which is a cause of a great deal of""J.*!!u 9 W : J W * *•*** wWltoOhioandFire Marshal Baker, and brought before Justice volution and coalition, now initiated in Kelly. TnO parties implicated in Ike aflair are the North, a proper impulse, all par-diten and disappointment aa tbe part of claim- There appears to be great natural dWnoMnation la to act prompt ly and liberally in adj usting which a n referred to thaw by the legislative government. It to mtttW of universal com- claims are first whittled down to toe lowest point, and then payment postponed to tbe latestis* ***** £ 5 *"&• «*Mnl,Mi'buthelsrt SSc. Wbiakeyeteady: saHwo' 7« b*»m. u l t ' . c Oaaal freights easier. Imports—4,400 bbu g»ur, w 004 O w e els whe*t. 00,000 buabeta ooTL 10JOt bathe te earn. Et-16 000 boahete wheat, 79,000 Mabels eorn, 3.MO oats, 8,000 bonne* rye.Wuiiam G. Lambert, Jr., and William H. Parley The letter II represented to have boon the proprie-terday, and wiU be found elsewhere.settee. WheatThe market cheedwhich animates the large majority of the peo-•»•*> —"I—II.IWI •!!•• .,—THE Ct'1-B.SE OK tux HERALI. — All the little papers from Boston to Bedlam are crying out that the HEIULI* to changing its course; that one day itto on this side, the next on that, and the third day on another side. It is perfectlybottom. And this is to the middle of Aigust. ceeafol the manufacturers of trance will not be tbe only advancing—8,"-.c oo corn and fie. on wheat to Bofiator 'I-D^.ties should unite in a general and gigantic ^y.sTig,yi7"mBto^^yzsr ratification meeting, here to New York city, at l J as early a day as practicable. Not only should all the Breokinridge, Bell and Douglas clubs inFlour steady irsqnttl, bat rewhile waiter steady: "to"M 09, 28,000 battels white do. at $1 » * . Com dull: sales 17,000boabelsat 60c Whiskey nominal at UKc. Uke imports—* 400 bbli. flour, w i o o bushels wheat, MMO bushel* corn, 26.0M%asbeis Jam.Flour doll 1 t uobaagwd. Wheat inrod Ohm a t a i U 0,400 , and 12OM bushels amber do. on onCora heW above the view* of buyers; nofreights advanced &. oagralh: floor Mr.,corn fie to Haw York. Imports—4T.MO busbeU wheat, 40,000 do eorn. Fxpirts—1J7I bbtt. floor, 16.800 bash-the » d oftorta*ra. Lambert was arreted terdayandtakenbeforeJusticeKetty,carta**naapeace of the Union. I FasmoKawj Pnento surrender to tbe popular will, and to abdi- lition to favor of the monopoly. The nucleus of this cabal are found voting for the Commission-partjority of the popular rote of this State to begin with,andtheyhaveallthemoraladvantageson their aide, of the •irrepressible conflict."the John Brownforayand itsteachings,the sac-rifice of Seward, and the manifold corruptionsof the republican party at Albany tost win-ter. Thus, through a generous rivalry in toe common cause, and by proper management subml among the several parties opposed to Lincolncommercial and manufacturing States contigu-same league on the bill to confirm the location oftiteSchuylercountybuildings,aswellas every other project for which it was reported that money was used.The existence of alliances of that kind Is be- coming one of the greatest evils of the day, and is one of the most dangerous elements in our body politic. Itflourishesin all of our legisla- tive bodies—municipal, State and national. Thus, ever since the election of Mayor Wood to hh> present office, there hat been a coalition of democrats and republicansin tbe Common Council that has defeated all of hto reformatory measures, even for a long time rejecting the appointments that the city char- ter required him to fill. Still later we find this band of conspirators working together with*IMOjOOO bail to answer me euarge. throughout the State and all the neighboring thing mm m Washington, Members of Cos-1 goa,..-^!* stow of the times indicate I7the cite he called, out, hut similar organizationsR.L. at St. Helena, Ji^r 3, report* theCorrto! at that port,several important admiralty andsion of popular sentiment worthy of the city, CircuitCourtatitsMayterm,worerenderedyes-theStateandthegreatconservativecauseCHICAGO, August IT—f P. sf. Flour active and 6c. a 10c. Wwer. Wheat dull ead 14c- tower: sales 80 000 bushels, at M c a He. tor No. 2spring: $1 for No. 1 red, hi store. Corn dull and ic a fie lower, sales 40X100 bushels, at M e a 40c., to More. Oata steady. Receipts—1,000 barrela ;noar, 144,000 bushels wheat, 90,000 do. corn, AMOdo'oeto. Sbtpmenta-890 barrel* toftheirinterests.Shouldhlaeffjrtsbesue fl»ur108,000bushelswheat,82,000docorn.FreightsSlates Bhould be invited to send delegations,Wrthand dogs over the abstract question of slavery,to ratify the compact to pot downtorn and fanaticism at home, beforeupon the discussion of questions ofpolicy for the government of the country dur-ing the next generation. Let preparations forcalling such a- meeting be made at once, andlet every conservative give liberally to carry any legislative body was that at Albany last out the arrangements, and make it an nxpsesduruw the ensuinr autumn 1 during•moment, when the principal wateringare crowded withNew Yorkers, and when,use a common expression, "everybody is outof town," there is so large an influx of stran-gers that Broadway presents as great a throngas in the busiest season of the year. Travel-lers are pouring in upon as in crowds, and tileup town hotels—the S t Nicholas, Metropolitan,EverettandfifthAvenue—arefullfromtoptotruetinttheHKIULPchangesitscourseaccord- western mixed snaps, a ing to circumstances. If it did not change iti lions. Corn atSoaranlgrataatthisfarttheBrim- PTOQ.•A a V > <f OfAwoulddashagainsttherocksorintotheshoals and breakers, ft is like a large ship working its way through the, windings of a crooked and difficult channel. Ignorant spectators on the shore observe herfirsttacking towards one side, and cry out that she Is going where; and when she approaches towards the other aide, they are equally astonished. Sometimes she appears to be going back, and then their "confusion issteamship Adriatic on the 26th last for Eog be will return to Paraguay.HXaCAimUl PRIVlLECtS IN RrSSU.e American merchants, anxious to settle inopen mercantile houses, have encountered ies |n being ruled oat by what are called the trade but official information bat been received of consuccinct bat accurate narrative of the whose iPermit me. however, to promise that therenever has been any ill feeling or controversy between theupon all that body to testify to the fact that my hoase to conducted in tbe most orderly manner. Now to the facto of last evening's occurrence A near neighbor of mine has been in the habit of encumbering the fbotwaik oppo- site my door with boxes and empty packages, h e 1 hare several times remonftrate4 with him; hot this seems to have engendered a ha 1feeling on bis part, and of late hi**" *TM TM JP» Ma**. P P W « m m-oV^Sg* a>TMajpjsaxm W U w H t O f d AOtjJTC ntfldifirmer, with sales of 2,400 hbds. and Tio tarn, at ratesfiTenmaasaaarpiare, Ounce was quiet. Freights were worse confounded." Again she nears a dan-One of the Albany operators predicted soonafter the adjournment of the last Legislaturethat the next would be tenfold worse. Hisstatement was based upon the fact of the Se- at a grand dinner, and probably a ball, both to nate being as they desired it, and only left thorecently made by tbe government at St. Peters.ly, that foreigners may enter these guilds on has been d( ing all la hie power to get me into disgracell*d.,andtearat8a.i.»jd,aas.3*. IMT, witha fair(Imw etlafifii aaejhnt nto-imany, and too v>tgwamup. Woodtoalivingrepresentativeofof the day.so they have cut loose from the party, and haveJ** she geta to tea. crowded with foil•eB.. mark hew straight and swift a have talked about Governors and Presidentswere aba* Tfieoogerous sunken rock, and they cry "Look there!*'Assembly to be looked after this year. If that prophecy should prove true, forty Governor Morganswillbeofnoavail. Ittotimethat thepublicwerebestirringthemselves;theycome off at the Academy of Music Of course there will be a great rush of people from the rural districts to see the Prince, and all the la- diesinthelandwillbeanxioustolookatthe comelyyoungfellowwhohasstolenthehearts of half theflat-hatteddemoiselles in the British provinces. Then, by the middle of September,terms at natives, and may purchase, mherii and their rights, excepting such as are peculiar toprivilegedforeigners.ran imw VOEX FVSIOK.ms and Bell men are jubilant here to night fonton of tbeir friends in New York, and aeaumc cAfiant position than ever towards the Breckln-They now claim that similar fuakue will in every State in tbe Union, which will result tog afl tbe Southern State and nearly everyexcept those of New England. novruLM or racers. , JThegarrisonofPurlkearuey,having been greatlyre strong dettahaw* sent to tbe Pawnee re- quell the Iuuiau disturbances, ie immediately nby the available nUaatry recrurts now Barra**ipBichmond,nvwfittingout,willprobably of the borne squadron.AM AIRS Ot MIXICO.last evening seme ot but boxes were oo the footpath as usual, and a drunken man waa Hying on oat of ihem- called the attention of a police officer and requested ban to remove the mat He wasintheactC doingsr.wbeamydear,kindneighborabovemasttoned hero to si;ht, and told the policeman that I had asadn the mas drunk in my house—{be never was •bare—and so excited the polite, several of wham had arrived l a the meantime, by other woendoee and tofinaatieat. Bamtoat my <baracter, that they S;jed a quarrel upon ia# and wanted te look ate np. Metog this, I barked to through my own door Tbe pence followed: I ordered themcut:theywonldnetgoandoneoftb#m£*•*•*' his revolver, tot sec* defence I procured a revotrer from my barman Aitooa as IdW thiol waa bit oath*4amete by a •atsosastn « baton and knoctaat down The reaoll waa that a " roogn and tombte fiv'ht ensued. Curia*. wl.fcb both ptetoto *eateflc,ane I was shot * tfce thif • , but whether hy tnyfeef or the poltcemaa 1 cannot awj- Bwrertly a-oonded, I was overpowered and carried off m the Tombs, where seme o f m y frknds bailed m e oathsntc, itdfe re•ring, finch, Sir. watroo, anvaranmes mat tf tbe w.iojeaflar, ana tLe facts as 1 have narrated willroate out before the ma: -urate when I am cy.ded upon to ap- pear. Hoping for jour kindness to Kaart the at*, a. tam. Sir, your obedient servant,,tote*,a bather pilot well knowing its position, she*^oWsU,totheirastonishment Butwhenatcourse she will feke to her destination. Then they wm begin to understand her. tteiiame with theHxtuLr, it h borneof both parties for members of Assembly he times adverse and sometimes fair. The navi- closely watohed fat every locality. See to it'njftte tide of events, and the winds areThe Opera-the fash-that BOpersonto sentto Albany who to to anyway tinctured with the peatcorruptions, and let per to appear unintelligible to men without toe test be, the repeal of she shameless acts ofgation is often difficultThis complication ofcircumstances amy cause tbe course of the oathe last disgraceful Legislature. No person awhiletheywillcomprehendit Everymove- shouldbeallowedtotakeaseatinthelegisla-brains or observation. But if the dunces waitment is real progress, and tends totikedesired •hallow fools n a y say or thinkto the contrary.tive chambers as a lawmaker without givingsuch a pledge. In no other way can the blackcloud that has been brought upon the State byUntitled Documentreceived bore from •tparty hat taken pooaestioc of the capital of*»toe vulture* at Albany he removed. It Is too ID Europe on the look out for singingThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Paso, dated July 2P,greatzealontheJapaneeeswindle. TbesamePALL M and conservatives of every class should *"?!**** S * ! * * * * « ^ " H *«trej»fcl5l be gayer than everare hale fellows well met as soon as some free wool speculation, railroad grant, patent exten- sion or an enormous claim comes up for con- sideration. The cohesive power of public plun- der makes them as gentle as doves. The most monstrous combination tint has ever existed Inof the flrearmeexpressed tan pleatart of having els wheat, 84.000 fid earn, 1*00 do. onto.winter.Theseflagitiousbands are the molt alarmingjllsh market thrown open to rib bona, and praying be taken at might confer the liberty to muskets and other military weapons The e assured by the Emperor that he wouldThe coalition movement of the late Syra- cuse Convention, to connection with toe tre- mendous popular conservative reaction which'##,!,*•*but then there was a total deficiency In the po-New York, and New Jersey, Pennsylvania, In-was SO 850 tons; week, lO^Oetdecrease,compared withintractable* of the two democratic fac-*?*****Imatter:thefirstnecessityamongallconcerned It ajsnetalhereto-day,upongoodauthority,thatis Lincoln's defeat Acting under this commonfeatures of our political system, and forebodeanythingbutgoodforthefuture of our coun-try.Itto,tofact,thegreateviloftoeage,ber,whenthebeaumemdereturntotown,'and bythosewellacquaintedwiththesubiect- Floursteadyandunchanged;thesupplyeand an abuse whioh should be corrected atonce. The evil cannot be remedied by theelection of Governors or FresaaVtata, hut onlyby the selection of a better class of legislators,State and national. As long as tbe public sub-mittothenominationsmadebyafewgrogshoppoliticians, acting under the direction of theminionsofthethirdhouse,theymayexpecttosee a shameless and heinous abuse of power byour lawmakers and a continuation of the dte- and October. New York is the headquarters graceful transactions at Albany.demand. Whteey advanced X c nothing done; holders area. MsProvisionslong enough: something should be done to prevent.a repetition of the scenes enacted at our we shall have the Italian Opera and all theState capital last winter. Let the nominationstheatres, concerts and other amusements of toeWhatwemayexpectin September and Octo- fitted, tor, according to treaty provlsions- e business to the export trade or theSuht exchange on New York % per cent premium. CWCUUUTI, August IT, IBM.when all the pleasure travel from the South and West flows back through toe metropolis,to Great Britain in these art teles will b eFABASCAYAX conmsaioxv Gorae. nonete Berges, tbe Paraguay Commissioner—theIn the columns of the HXBAIDof this day there appears tkH),andadecisiongiventhat the United Btatos ashortaccountoTanoccurrencewhich htpptniS tome the previous evening. Although acquitting roar repor- Navigation Company is entitled to no ter or any Intention to mislead the public or prejudice thefrpntParaguay,atstatedinthistelegraphicoor- aflairwithwhich1amunfortunatelymixed up,andbe- Jeace several weeks ago—is on the eve of tearlog lieving that you not only recognise, but act upon tbe mot- for a brief Northern tour. He wiU take pas- to, oadtaiffvmyxirfcm, I take the liberty of sebjotaiag amay be Imagined.TO THKnoon orTHI MBWTOBKHB»ALD. 242% Bowanv, Nnw Tenx, August IT, IMS.That the fall season wil1be a bettor one than anythathasprecededit maybesafelypredict- ed from a review of the facts in the case. We have'onband,inthefirstplace,aPresidential election, which comes off in November, and all the work has to be done in Septemberhie mission having been accomplished to hisof the politicians throughout toe country, and they will make this city their grand rendezvous. Then we are to hare In October a visit from the Prince of Wales, who is to be entertainedmembers of the police force and myself, end I can call is notmetropolis in full btaetionable amusement par fxcW/?»<<?—will com- menceearlytoSeptember,withafinecompany, which wiU include Adeltoa Patti, Fahbri, Brig- noll, Susini, with other artiste well known faleref They will be reinforced later in the season by TamberUk,thegreattenor,whohasno aston- ished the Parisians during theJast two or three years; Formes, the basso, and very likely seve- ral other new artists, UUman being noWtion,of their delegatesfromthe Charleston Conven- loss. She woaW have been seattled, but the 1 not of 8-offl cleat depth. Boat insuredper in' duct.Forrest upon the metropolitan boardst h eC a p i t a l .iiaaolution of the Union and the establishment confederacy, with Breckinridge a t Its head, fellow. Looking to this event they de-yesterday, three of their number eenotdtennioa scheme. The totter referred to will be andouiekJy and onobsoredly sseaped. None hart betaCombs, of Kentucky, will soon visit the Northplaint!period, inflicting greatBCYFALO, AtsjonUT,ptbing in his power in thai respect for tee adCnswnlty.ACTSTOTA, Me., August IT ISO).Cm, Mo.,AugustII,1SSC While tbe conTtett were at work en tbe (Indiana at SI 10. Corn dafl and drooping. tales of I M i 6 www.fultonhistory.comJIMMY MASST/. 