 ir<«u Mi< Dtrnittsmt, tr M I*** **•***•"•• -** * " **»\7i7t»n ccolnorMr.Sewardlorthisdeclaration,that"a bduse divided against itself cannotstand." Our house, our noble house, ourglorious house—the Union—we know itso far divided against itself as to bein great peril We know, too, that this perilhas suddenly assumed the symptoms of a sec-tional revolt, from the election of a Presidenton a hostile sectional idea, by a hostile section- dom of the institution of African slavery inhave suddenly become dumb T True, the re- pect that we may have \C suffer from the folly publican organs, the conductors of which are and fanaticism of others'. Oar people haverum.LACTtAK _•» FAJTCT-rmtATR*.A V .TKIR.a t'.«•»JBWSSS—G tLDTUTSo we do not give up jet and are preparing for our winter's work end winter's piny a« if the country was to last some time longer Broadway has not lost an lota of its glory. OnAJTOHOaumi THIS ITKKIKa.em—they have other fishes to fry. They areplotting and intriguing and scheming as to howthey shall best cheat each other, and get theinside cf the track with poor "Old Abe.'- For families. Ail this makes us look upon the pr- eight years the republicans have been in outerMULO* aAAOM. w:rrna o_ni>nn.sownr Tmu.ni, WALLACX'S THBATBB,'.-0TMLLO.al party. Mr. Lincoln cannot fall to comprehend this fact, his position, the difficulties before him, and his responsibilities to the American people.Let him act then, accordingly; and let him, in the selection of his Cabinet, manifest a gene- rous disposition towards the South, and a para- mount desire for peace and good will between the two section of the Union, and he may wea- ther the storm in safety. On the opposite tack, bis administration and his party will be wrecked and broken to pieces, whatever may be the fate of the Union.the social organization of our Southern States, containing eight millions of free whites and four millions of negro slaves. This battle has to be fcught here, as the ad- dress of the Breckinridge New York Commit- tee, which we published yesterday, truly stated, and in Europe. It is the question of commerce, industry and wages in the free white communities of the earth, and even the delay which its discussion involves carries with it starvation to millions, and immense, perhaps ruinous, sacrifices to all.rUKATRB, A - l - M r fii-a's Coma.Buuurmre AWUUOAJT M i " #*»»ta* •—Uru«SSTAiTW MinSraALS,Now that they have got a chance at the such bright and beautiful days as yesterdayMIBLO*-] SALOO*. aVoaswaj.-Bto**fV A OAMMBXIMamuuinlm«ui So-na.DA-TOSS,BVEUMVU,4C.-St catHon Is Korolntton- Its lialnoasEf-Lora'i Die Ductm-aOA5TKE0OB1SALOOJI.Broadway.-dealers are getting ready for the exhibition and 7 sale of chtfs d'eeuvres by native and foreignof the nomination for President onthe Chi1-ago platform, are referred to as embracing the prin- ciples and policy of his administration.every political organization in this country. for which it has always been distingubhed. Weremember,as far back as 1S29, wh« nthe Let the small towns go and do likewise. Lr aThere _ no perceptible abatement of the seces-wan-eedwej.^PaT-mmmmmmapapapawewsn"to*.:-, tj litrefcre appeal to the charitab'j disposed NEW YORK HERALD. or uj.l to euaJjk them to extend their benevolentof hih CabinetLooking the critical conditionJ Asee atOstPO*mmM IKV9< *DM** *jn» pwrmnoa0771OC ». W. UP *TLTOW AJTDvim*.? rrs.Mo. 3Wpleased to denominate the "slave oligarchy." ordinary channels, would derange the specie We have higher authority than that of Mr. Lin- basis of circulation and trade in every com-Qestill lives, and is rax' »'cheerful than other«fcT.—FUTHS WirHdarkness, weeping, wailing and gnashing theirteeth, while the intensified democracy sat bythe bright fire, in the eosey kitchen, eating and ginia. Kentucky and Tennessee. drinkingof thebent,andtickingtheirchopsinmockery of the hungry fellows outside, whoseappetites were only sharpened by the fumes ofthe fieabpots.V-PSBtWIfWpe • S ~ B n*•*%*"«*—*W*"—***1' Ball, 171 Broadway.-ral cliques will quarrel over every single moreel, and bite and snarl over each several and nature in ah its various forma. The pictureVark K• turny, hovwaa*-** 16, MMIO.T k * Mawre.Important despatches from Chicago and Spring-field are published in another column. They re- an oracle which gives no sound cr sign touch-fer to the policy of the President elect with re-gard to the existing troubles in the South. Mr.Lincoln, it appears, does not design to give to thecountry any fresh exposition of his views andOpinions upon the important questions which now journal - of the North in behalf of »ome rwblic convulse the country. His sentiments, as declared declaration, at this crisis, from the power thatin his speech at the Cooper Institute, in hi$ de- LJ to be, of what this power will be, we are Late-% with Judge Douglas, and in the acceptance tcld that Mr. Lincolns Illinois speeches areis DOW considering is the policj of using the given away—Aldermen and the rest of them. will not be left aj much as a fragment of Massawith their holiday novelties, and the ateliers of Irving place resound with the Babel of many tongues as the preparations for the new Operabecome all one thing or all the ether." In an- other speech we find Mr. Lincoln declaring mous concurrence of the Legislature. In Savannah frsnkly his eubmissicn to the Fugitive Slave the secession feeling is partioularly active. The law: that if the people of a free Territory shouldGovernor of Alabama has also called a State Con- adopt a pro slavery State constitution he couldstavery oligarchy, founded on a claim to direct at the polls. The gronshep politfci^ns wouldthe consciences of men, proclaiming from a be potent there, and those who had the largestthousand presses, pulpits and platforms, that share of the spoils lo promise would be most" slavery Is an evil and a crime." The North- potent with the grogshop politicians of all par he still managed to fill the federal offices. In ern people, feeling that the questien is an ab- ties. , - .the endorsement of many of the leading men of the State,and will, it is believed, receive the unani-ventan. Throughout South Carolina the seces- sion e.v itement Is at fever heat. Gen. Bonham ha - resigned his seat in Congress, and the federal •'dicer* continue to i»end in their resignations by<Merr mail.Tie European mails to the 2d Inst., brought by steps, and under the vote of the people con- 1 In- < suada, reached this city early last evening cerned, and with full compensation to unwill- (rt m lloston, thus enabling as to present to bar ing slaveowners. In the same speech he ex- readers* this morning a graphic account of the bat pressed the same reserve and caution against tie between the Allies and the Tartars in China, and Congressional tampering with the slave trade the laptture of the Taku forts by the former, to-gether with other interesting extracts from bnrfilesLincoln the "irrepressible conflict" of Mr. Sew-The Germ in republicans of the city of New ard, and the conservative anti-slavery views \ ork celebrated their recent victory last eveningby a cold collation at a Teutonic "garten" in Essex of Henry Clay—opinions in unison with those street. There were about four hundred persons Jof the abolition radicals, and next, in bold re- present, sll of whom sat down at table and ear- lief, the sentiments of the conservative wing nestly discussed the frigid baked meats of the re-stract one for them, admit its righteousness asa part of their moral code, and elevate topower a party that makes it the foundation oftheir political philosophy. The masses, having and they will be therefore mere than a match no personal interest in the question, do not care for ail their opponents. These appointments to examine what must be the effect of a policy In v ill be promised lavishly to hundred - of thegovernment growing out of such a philosophy. governing classes, and we fear that the respect-The leaders, greedy for the spoils which they able portion of the republican party, who mightsee within their reach, steadily refuse to re- give us a few decent officials, will not outweigh1811 there was a tremendous outside pressure upon Mr. Pclk, and in 18 IS the office seekers managed to kill off Taylor. Those were hard times In Washington, when old Bough and Ready was pulled and hauled this way by the Chevalier Web'>, and that way by the prime mendicant of another clique, until thepublican festival. Sou, * speeches were made and cnttn&iastie cheers given for the President and Vice President elect. An excellent band dis- coui.»od very fine music during the evening: other-wise the gathering presented no features of public interest.A mpetinir to promote the construction of a raU- io«il to the Pacific was held last evening at the Oct per Institute. A report of the proceedings may be found in another column.that the radicals and the moderate mensiitutton of domestic servitude for the inferior race is the wisest that can be adopted in socialthe Presidential election; for what is the elec- tion of a President, to our grogshop politicians, compared in importance with the spoils of the corporation, which they are all hungering after?THE TICEBT SWINDLING BUSCXSS—AID OF THE CALIFORNIA LEGISLATURE REQUIRED.—The sys- tem of ticket swindling on the California lines of steamships, which so repeatedly furnishes sub-jection comment in the newspapers and cases for our courts, has grown to be one of the greatest grievances with which the metropolis is infested. There ie hardly a day that some poor stranger is not made' the victim of these sharks, who hang around the railroad depots and piers, known as ticket agents for the dif- ferent lines of steamships to California. They a r e t h e o b j e c t s o f f r e q u e n t c o m p l a i n t b e f o r e the magistrates, and yet in very few instances are they brought to justice. The case is either obliged to be dismissed through some legal weakness, statutory indefiniteness or lawyer's adroitness, or else it is compromised by re- funding the money fraudulently extorted. At all events the system appears toflourishas well as ever. The victims continue to be as nu- merous, and the ticket swindlers as bold as they ever were.A esse of particular hardship recently oc- curred, in which, we are happy to say, the per- petrators were convicted. In June last a gen- tleman of Bedford, Mass,., arrived in this cityby the steamer Plymouth Rock, and was met on the wharf by a ticket agent whose name has been more than once brought into question in connection with ticket selling, who took him to the office of a certain friend, and there sold him what purported to be second cabin tickets tor California by the North 8tar for his sister and her infant. He paid Sle7 for the tickets; but they proved to be steerage tickets, worth only $125. The unfortunate woman was thus compelled to endure the discomforts of a steer- age passage with her little infant, and wasIn the Board of Aldermen last evening a resolu-tion was offered and laid over directing the Comp- position as the successor of Mr. Buchanan introller to advertise for sale the ferry privilege atthe foot of Battery place for a term of ten years.A resolution was adopted directing the StreetCommissioner to advertise for proposals for repair-ing and regulating the public lamps for one year.The report to increase the salary of the SecondAssistant Auditor of the Finanoe Department from$ 1 . 0 ( 0 t o l l . ><)0 p e r a n n u m w a s a d o p t e d . T h e r e b i n e t m a d e u p f o r h i m i n t h e n e w s p a p e r s , h i s »a» a long communication received from the•lucges of the Superior Court complaining of thewant ot accommodation for that tribunal. In con*net tion with this subject Alderman Owens offereda resolution to the effect that the rooms now occu-pied by the Court of Sessions and the General Termstreet, be appropriated for the use of the Superior must necessarily be known before the expira- Court. The resolution was adopted unanimously. tion of Mr. Buchanan's term of office.of the Supreme Court, on the second floor in [thebrown atone building on the Park and Chambers still, the general complexion of his CabinetSome unimportant routine business was transacted, and the Hoard adjourned till Monday next.from the Chief Engineer of the Fire Department, in strong enoogh for the crisis. Among the namesThe Board of Councilmen held their usual meet-ing last evening, when a large amount of routinebusiness was transacted. The report of the Com-mittee on Bonds, concurring to regulate and gradeSeventy eighth street, between Third avenue and harmony of the country should be his first i J«,t river, was adopted, and the contract for per•forming the work was swarded to Hugh Homes,he being the lowest bidder. The lowest bid was$14,31f'o5, and the total amount to be appropriatedis $15,210 68. A communication was received Let ua hope that "honest Abe Lincoln" will beferred to the Committee on Fire Department. The repressible conflict'' school, the endorsers of Board concurred with the Aldermen in confirming a the infamous Helper book, or the preachers of large number of reports infitvorof constructing Seward's crusade of extermination againstsewers and nagging aiiewalks. The Board con- slavery and the "slave power."mcarredtoawardthecontractforremovingtheL Now.webelievethatwearenotguiltyofmercantile marine. Its arrival is required to give life to the manufacturing industry of Mas- sachusetts, England and France. After giving employment, in its manufacture, to million of operativesinthosecountries,itenterstoapre- ponderating extent into their commerce with all the rest of the world.The moving of this vast mass through all these intricate and life-giving channels of trade is the labor that is performed by commercial confidencethroughthemediumofbillsofex- change. Now the agitation of the question of revolution In the South destroys ox "dilapidates this confidence. Taking only the lesser event of dilapidation, the result is delay in its re- moval from point to point' This delay strikes at the root of wages everywhere. A delay ofconcerned in this swindle were arrested, tried "and convicted a few days ago.This is only one ease cut of many. The truth is, every new enterprise or new branch of commerce b made the subject of swindling and cheating by a class of adventurers who take advantage of the opportunities offered by the necessities or enthusiasm of the public to make money out of them. There is only one way by which this ticket swindling business can be effectually put a stop to, and that is by the Legislature of California appointing a commissioner or commissioners to reside in New York and supervise the emigration and sale of tickets bere-+scme parties who may be applied to with confidence, and who would be responsible for-their actions. It appears im-dent elect does not feel impelled to cry cut. in, the language of his favorite poet—Nought's bad, all's spent,Where our desire is got without content.Aw 10R THE ITALIAN CAUSE.—The appeal 5or assistance made by the Italian patriots to the American public is one that even cur own. po- litical troubles should not induce us to over- look. The cause of Italy is the cause of free- domnilovertheworld,andhasthestrongest claim on our sympathies. Let efforts therefore be at once made to show this gallant peoplethat we are not indifferent to the principles forwhich, they are contending. It only requirestheir appeal to be properly placed before ourT .-unx " XUTCA: s —Cc last Saturday eight week Mr. Edgara, a very popular French artist, took a bene, t here, bet in consequence of the storm the a • #jr was net r«cc- niarily successful. Mr Edgard purposes to try it again to morrow night, aad announces three lively pieees and a variety of songs sad dancesOu> Bcwsav TJAIEI .—Spa.ding aad Rcgo:- CJTOS IS doing a fine b-aiaess. The g n a t attractlou Just new is tbe performance of one of the wsU known Smith family on L'BcheUe Perlleuee It it declared the greater thing of the kind yes.MOISTISMCTAB7Cbvcas-,—Agreed militaryeoacon will be given at the Academy of Music two weeksJor the benefit of Banrer Major, thepiston porlbrmar, late of Oodworthsbecome parmaneatiy disabled from the e-ttcie a? sua- stroke la the discharge of tha Unties of a* proaaoioc, at Newbnrg, about ene year since al! the prtatfpal militvy beads in this cay have veanttaavad tfcetpon the south aide of pier 29 North river to ThomasMorgan, for $4,TD0, he being the lowest bidder;also to confirm a document seat to the CommonCouncil by the Fire Commissioners, granting thepetition of Hose Company No. 5 to be organized net only be fatal tc his administration. aa Engine Company No. 47. They concurred to but will, from the outset, be fatal advertiseforproposalstobuildahouseforEngine toallourhopesofarestorationofthepeaco Company No. 31. The sum of 110,000 was appro- of the country. « Men may cry peace, peace; priated for removing obstructions from Hatlemrhrer.The sixty-third anniversary meeting or the So-ciety for the Relief of Poor Widows with SmallChildren was held yesterday, in the church cornerat Tenth atrset and University place, and was at-tended by a somber of the wives and daughters of slavery." And the name mischief, more or our most influential citizens. The annual report of less, will follow the promotion of any endorserthe secretary stated that there are 15$ widows and of Helper's handbook of treason to a seat in 1,16,'childrenatthepresenttimerecipientsofthe theCabinetfconnty of the society* Owing 4b the death of trnany of the old inhabitants of the city, who have, txtn" regulsr coatribntors to the funds of the so* •ciety, its efforts are new restricted to that part ofIn this view, it becomes the policy of Mr. Lincoln as a party man. as wellas his duty in the character of a patriot, to avoid all cause ofa similar result would be proportionate incredited by the State of California to look after this business: sll such swindling would eoon become impossible.time. In the meanwhile, in order that the op- portunity may not be wanting to those who ave disposed to contribute, we wish it to be under- stood that subscriptions will be taken at the office of this paper, and handed cv<*r to theparties authorized to receive them.4iu twin ljing below Thirty-second street He. offeree and sectional titternea in the selectionoperation* to the upper part of the city.ceipts of the society during the psat year have bean *~>,S7!>, and the expenditures have amounted to » , < « 1 - leaving bat 028 for the forthcoming year .In the Court of Oyer add Terminer yesterday FrancisIbright—brotherofJamesEarigat,who was convicted of ticket swindling on Wednesday- was put on trial npon the charge of killing Daniel Horrigaa. in a barroom fracas corner of Cedar and West streets, on the 20th or August. There was evidence to show that Enright, and also another person who is under indictment for the homicide of Hcrrigan, best the deceased with tumblers and bottles about the head; bat it wss not proven that the a sensed inflicted the murderous blow, and the jury therefore returned a verdict of "Not guilty."the depression m fore go eaobeag*., with the srsaneM of freights and Is the ewesy saarkst, tended to check operations la Sottas jestarday. l a s sales embraced Stentlj$SSa 1,100bales, otoslag oath* basts of figure* -lvtm in soother column. The door market opened with swsyasey, but the business la eiehaafe asd improve- meat la freights asprssisd the market, which closed heavy sad dsU, sad at easier rates for some descrlp- tleas. Wheat, boss the same causes, was less aotive, aadefcsed dull, without aay ehssge of moment in <iuoteUons. Cars also wss has active and Una, and the bvelnsfs moderate. Port was heavy and cheaper:of new mass were mad* at 113 76, and tew prime reported at tlSallSM. Began were dull, withof SS0 htds and 50 hexes. Coffee was euet: 800 hags Rio were told at 18c a Ue Freights were firmer, with goer to Liverpool at Ot. «d. a 2s. lOS'd. a 4t.; wheat, in bulkandship'sbags,atlid.aU>;d.;andtoLondon wheat was taken at Ud. la buik, aad at 15 ^ 1. ia ship's bags.aside etety man whose appointment could be justly considered an Insult and an not of defifound in specie, and the withdrawal of the im- mense amount necessary to move two hundredDoes anybody envy the incoming President! In anybody anxious for a crown of thorns and aing the policy and purposes of the incoming administration. In reply tc all the suggestion? that hare been thrown out by the conserratiyesacred right of revolution in self-defence. It In this state of affairs we shall have a niceGreeley's old white coat to point the moral of this epitaph—H«re lies the republican party.before the country, and that they embody the vitwa and principle? that will govern his course at Washington.tions; but now these seem to have btec entire'ydisintegrated in view of the plunder, and we mt;look out for a grand revoluti- n among all thv maxim of Mr. Marcy, "to the victors belong• see no alternative but to admit them into the Union;" and that be thought that the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia could only be accomplished properly by gradualNew it happen? that after the 4th of March (he republicans will have -the Custom House and Post Office appointments in their hands,between the Have States.Here, then, we have upon the record of Mr.cognise the results which they are producing, andvauntingly claim that the "irrepressible corflict" is now begun, and that it is time to bring it to a head.In the South a similar feeling has come tothe grogshop republicans—for this class exists in that party, too, though of a different brand from that of the democratic factions—their moral, or rather immoral, standing being the same. Everything indicates just now that thenoles with a shrug and the Mexicans with a eniile, surrendered for the first time in his life, and, like another Casar, bored to death, cover- ed his face and gave up the ghostThere was rather a severe run upon Pierce, who, however, was too tough to be killed. He promised everybody everything, and then al- lowed the people of his kitchen Cabinet to dis- tribute the spoils. In 1856 the office beggars were comparatively few in number, as the suc- cession mode no change in the partisan policy of the executive. But now that there has been a grand overthrow in political affairs, the in- coming President w l l do. well to prepare him- self for a grand assault, such an one as was never before known. All the republicans, rich and poor, expect office of some kind or other. There will be at least a million of candidates for fifty thousand offices. Think of a million letters of application and recommendation tobe read! Reflect upon the spectacle of a million of individuals rushing abeut ask- ing people in a frantic way to "sign their papers." Behold Washington city in the month of March next, invaded by a horde of hungry and leedy patriots, with very large yellow envelopes sticking out of their pockets. Imagine, if you can, the lying, the treachery, the intriguing, the buttonholing, the jealousy, the heartburning, the disappointment, the mo- ralfilthand despair, which this shameful busi- ness of place hunting will bring about. Think of the hope"oeferred that maketh the heart sick and the pocket empty: the weary waiting, as the spring glides away and the summer monthssteal on, while long bills accumulate, and friends have loaned so much money that they don't really see how they can continue to in- dulge in that charming though somewhat ex- pensive luxury.Though everybody knows that the above pic- ture is correctly drawn, nobody will heed the lessons it teaches. Office beggars are like lot- tery ticket buyers—every one says to himself it is not I who will get the blank. When the wheel is turned things have somewhat changed.until they shall be bidden to enter in and pos-the way for tbe introduction of Western civili- zation. The effect of all this on Western inte- rests themselves will be incalculable. New markets will be opened to their enterprise, sources of wealth hitherto unexplored will be turned to their benefit, their manufactures will find a demand which will tax their utmost powers of production, and the problems in connection with slave labor, which are at present causing so much disturbance, may be destined to receive thetv solution from the flood ot emigration which will be let loose from this densely populate*! empire.of the republican party. We can say. too,prevail, but through a practical and not an ab- charter election will be an exciting affair, astract view of the subject. Claiming that for a very curious and complicated affair, and will maed community of whites and blacks, the in- be attended with more turmcil and fuss thanThe re-NEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1860.—of his party supported Mr. Lincoln in this latecanvass with the same confidence and enthusi- and political organization, and, consequently,asm; but the question remains unanswered asto which wing of the camp his adminiurationis productive of moral and material good to both races and to society at large, the declara- tion that'- slavery is an evil and a crime" comesThere is no doubt that whatever advantage*! will be extorted by tbe Allies from the impe- rial government will be equally participated in by this country, It would be curious if, when threatened by the disruption of the com- mercial ties which bind the two great sections of the Union together, others should present themselves, offering a new and vaster field for the agricultural and industrial productions of both.A Forttocom In* Book.BovAiTT IN THS New WOBLD: on. Tax PnrNCX orWALES IN AMERICA. By Kinahan Cornwall;-,, one of the hpeclal Correspondents of the Kiw TORE HRIUL:-.The graphic and taitafbl aocoaats which we pobltahed day br day dorlog tha progress of the Priaos of Wales weraadmitted, both hers and in Eagtaad, to be tbe best written upon that Important historical event.The aabject was not one at nurtlr rphaaaral inisrow. for It win occupy a prominent position la tbe history of the two nations, aad be looked bask upon with -rieaenr* by both peoples. Wa are, therefore, glad thai Mr. Cora- wallls, our special correspondent, who acootapaniei th» royal party thronghoot their tour, from their first land- tag OB the continent HC their final departure from Port• land, is about to supply a popuju- waat by the pubileatioc of a complete narrative of the royal progress from he. ginning to aad.We feel assured that no enc Is more capable, b rth free iiterary talent aad personal observation, of doing entire justice to the subject as a matter of history, and of prc- decing a lively, agreeable and entertaining bco'.iw'thai, than the geateman tc whom we refer. Aad there la no doubt the work will piore a piessanl souvenir of the New World travels of the ei« . st son of Qaeen • letoria, aad hare a large circulatlo-.. not oni? in thisoo_ntry, bet oa tbe other side of tbe Allantie. where it is anaoucoed to appear simultaneously with the Amorte&n ed:tiec Our cocslns will thus bave a volume of good re'.iabie matter which is more than can be satd of tbe aecccats cf the cor respondent of tbe London Tina. American outstripped Erglith Jouraaitim from the outset n recoriiag tasrirce s progress, aad tins both in aewcracy and de spatch.will attach Itself to. We are admonished, too,that in advance of his investment with the robes home to every man's interest and to every man'sof executive authority, Mr. Lincoln intends to leave his speeches delivered as a candidate for the United States Senate in 1858 to define hishearthstone. They feel that its philosophy Is at war with the wisdom of their institutions, and, consequently, with the moral and material good of both races. Nay, more: that any at- tempt to establish political equality between the two races would be the initiation of a social war that could only be carried on through the most terrible and bloody practices, to the inevi- table annihilation of the weaker of the two races. With this conviction in their hearts the S o u t h e r n p e o p l e c a n n o t b e l i e v e t h a t t h e inauguration in the federal government of a political philosophy so hostile to their society can possibly be stopped in ill developement by the simple declaration that ft is intended to apply only to the Territories and not to the States. They feel that it will inaugu- rate an agitation of the question in their midst which will lead to the most fearful state of things among their slaves, and hence they ap- peal to revolution as the means of self defence.What effect will revolution, even a bloodless one, in politics, have upon the commercial world? Politics are bound to commerce by the sympathetic and vital ties of confidence. If political relations are hostile, confidence It destroyed, and commerce is the first to fall. In order to show how the destruction of politi- cal harmony between the Northern and South- ern Slates of our Union will affect the whole world, we need take only the single instance of one article—cotton. That is the chief sta- ple of Southern industry and trade, and witb its prosperity or adversity all the other branches sympathize. The sale of cotton b needed to enable the South to meet its ownthe Presidential office.In the selection of his Cabinet, however. Mr.1Lincoln must necessarily, in advance of his in- augural address, pretty distinctly foreshadow his Presidet tiai policy and purposes. Thus far, it appears, that in reference to every new Ca-unvarying remark is," Yes, a very respectable Cabinet,7' or, " A much worse Cabinet than this might be selected for me," or some equivalent observation. He will take bis time, and tho- roughly consider his men before adopting them; and this is the proper course to pursue; butI )JThe anti-slavery radicals and the moderate republicans are equally confident of a satisfac- tory Cabinet; and here the important question recurs, will Mr. Lincoln, in this important mat- ter, make it his paramount object to harmonize his party or to harmonize the country ? Theobject; bat honest men as well as dishonest demagogues are apt to be led astray and chained to the wall by the shackles of party.roiifidenc*, as the moving power for cotton, of th** Union fairly in the face, he should set with some other means. This can only be•* Boston, Philadelphia and Pro*/*. cVaee-afc.^ •«(* havevotedInsucha «*. ance to the South, or to what Mr. Seward is millions of dollars worth of cotton, from its bed of thistles? Has anybody noticed that the ner as to enaOH«r the future of the csnntry .THE CHARTER ELECTION—BOSTUS K THE PO- fect on Commerca and Wages Ki»r>* LITICAL CAMPS.—As the charter election ap- s v n a x e . proaches there is bustle in the different camps No man should close his eyes to the mighty of the political factions, Some of them, wequestions that are before us, the intimate con- believe, are sending Scouts out in search of bite. ' Will be quoted to these Goths in vain. artists; the painters are displaying in their Thta lalow andtm*larumlnf Admlali- nectionthatexistsbetweenourpoliticaland candidatesfortheofficestobefilled;butfrom ThecrywillbevoevictteI Thedemocracy studiosthefruitsoftheirsummervacations:tration—What Will Ma*. Lincoln • Cabi- commercial relations, and the bearing upon all we can learn there are about a thousand having been vanquished, the victor? will pro- the ladies make the great Broadway bazaarsre-net Be 1All accounts from Springfield, Illinois con-ceed to divide the spoils, and In so doieg will sound with the music of their voices, as they them of the widespread agitation now going on. people in the field who are anxious to become eat each other up. In less than a year after disease the new styles, or " do up their winter.cur in representing "honest Abe Lincoln" asSecession is revolution, and what the South candidates for the thirty or forty places to b« the inauguration of ancient Abraham, there shopping;7-' the theatrical managers are bnsyIs not from the success, or failure of revolution that the evil to all our material interests is to flow. Neither is it necessary that revolution should be installed for disaster to follow. The very agitation of the question strikes at the root cf commercial confidence, and wh»*nthi- ial)> the whole edifice of credit, finance *cd trade fall.^ with it. Lord Brougham, himself one of the master agitators of the ant' slavery question, has confessed thatmixing up of things; tor it is pretty evident tha'there are no regular parties in existence; theyare all divided into little personal cliques, eachstriving after ita chare of the tec mtlltiius ot proverb, theyfirstmake mad; and the republi- yet The Empire City will stick to the Unionspoils involved in the coming election. cans are all crazy for office, all victims of that till the last, and, ia the meantime, will pay that The last election lett us with three distinct fac- peculiar phase of insanity which has broken up rema; kably strict attention to its own affairsgreat panic, which has arisen in the South, ex- tends North, we shall not probably see any very palpable indications of its progress on the surface of society. People dance and sing, marry and are given in marriage, on the brink of ruin, striving to forget if possible, the dan- ger in which they stand.aPROBATtLX TXRXDfATTON OF THE CHINESE WAR.—The last advices from China render it probable that by this time articles of peace have been signed between the representatives of the Allies and the Imperial commissioners. The main conditions on which a treaty will be rati- fied will be permission for the residence ia Pekin of the Ministers of the two governments and an indemnity for the expenses of the war. If the first of these be obtained, a complete revolution will take place in the policy of this hitherto exclusive empire. Its internal com- merce will be opened to the trade of the world, the restrictions imposed on the exportation of various products and on emigration will be re- moved, the importation of machinery will bepoliticalpartiesofthemetropclb. Thereiascm-- the spoils of the vanquished," wasfirstdistinct- sion excitement at the Sooth. Its manifestations coln's speeches, delivered in his Illinois; cam- 1 he dissolution of the American Union intimation that the Committee cf Fifteen. wh<-We take up, then, the volume of Mr, Lin-•appear to be equally as strong in Virginia and would be the severest blow to liberty, took charge of the fusion movement, intend to ly recognized, there was a terrible rush of office• .eorgia as in South Carolina. Gov. Letcher, of paign of 1858, aa the competitor of Mr. beggars. holding their hats in their hands, and Virginia, will to-day issue his proclamation calling Dougla- for his Beat in the Senate; bat civilization and material a:: I intellectual de nominate a set of candidates for Alderouen and praying for anything, from a Cabinet officean extra session of the Legislature to deliberate what do we find: In ore speech we velopement that could possibly be given, and other corporation c3ices. whom probably tb^ down to a porters place. The anecdote of theupon the state of affairs. In Oeorgia yesterday find Mr. Lincoln, in advance of the Ro- the whole world would feel the the disastrous taxpayers in a body would vote fur, and let au man who applied to Jackson for a foreign mis-the Senate passed unanimously the House bill ap- chester manifesto, proclaiming the identical propriating one million dollars for the public de- •'irrepressible conflict'7 of W. H. Seward, thatfence. A committee of the Legislature has pre- •'a house divided agaisst itself cannot stand;'' pared a bill calling a State Convention, with a that ''this government cannot endure perma-recommendation In favor of immediate resistance. nently half slave and half free,'' but that -it will This recommendation of the committee has receivedresale. A revolutionary movement with such the grogshop nominees go their* own wayan object in view would be almost equal in danger to its consummation.They might possibly be able to do ti'.s; or th- sion, and gradually came down so for as to ask taxpayers themselves might call a meetin*> the President for some cf his old clothes, gives and forma ticket composed of respectable me:.. the best illustration of the state of things atYet what is the spectacle tie country pre-gents to day ? In the North we have an ilti- But the difficulty would be to manage the vote-i the time. The next grand rush was in 1510,which he states that no appropriation has beenmade for defraying the expenses of keeping the Gretelegraph in order, so that there have been nu-merous false alarms of fire owing to a want ofcommunication with many of the bell towers, sir.Decker requested the Common Council to remedythis evil as soon as possible. The paper was re- diana, and others of the same and-slavery "ir- ployment to the vast fleet of out cheated cut of $62 besides. The two parties sess the kingdom. Well will it be if the Presi-of the conspicuous republican leaders circu-lated in the newspaper lists of his Cabinet wefind those of W. H. Seward, Senators Wilsonand Sumner, John Sherman, of Ohio; John Hick-man, of Pennsylvania; Schuyler Colfax of In- exigencies. Its transportation gives em-any unwarrantable presumption in warning Mr. Lincoln, first, that the appointment of Mr. Seward as his Secretary of State will7hut there will be no peace/ with Seward asthe premier of the Incomihg administration, appointment will be the endorsement of Ws late abolition pilgrimage from Boston toKansas, teotadiag his declaration that « Lin-eal*. • admbistntton win be the downfall of sixty days in the movirg of onehalT of thepublic for it to meet with a, prompt and gene-rous response. In these matters organization, is ear-ices, taetcding IMwerth's sad tbe Mettoeei ftaarccotton crop would throw four millions ofpeople in England alone out of employment forthattime,andthesefourmillionsareknowntolive only by their daily wages. Bush a resultwould throw England off her social balance: and But if there was some commissioner duly ac-Isna. Onilmtsii sf lbs i r r ~ '" he **" intnnwjannn everything, and if a few cfour leading merchants ciaspcafaUItary s_u*rtc_piece, ooo^eed ferthsooce-every other civilized country. The effect wouli be that evtry effort would be made to replaceThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Documentpossible for our courts to reach the numerousband cf fellows who represent themselves asagents for the different lines, and clerks of a large amount could be raised in a very short agents,andsoforth,andinthisguisesucceedin evading the law and swindling the public.Taa Approarblag list** tor U»e Ham Tlmaa for Fawr ObS Abarepublican orators who have been inceesantlyNiwTOREN.rrDEADTET.-WObegthat-to1 frfe^de in the rural districts and the intericr%nch towns, vwill understand v*** the commercial metroro'•«spouting and blowing about their patriotism mercialcountry.Thisiswhat<*thestoppageanddevotiontotheconstitutionandtheUnion Wedonotsitdown,*°dweepoverthep*t.of cotton bills," to one a commercial phrase, means, and why the event carries alarm into every commercial circle.not over and above distinguished for common been very mack excited, end soh?ewhat alarm***, sense, are publishing flaming articles against at the late news from the Soatit, The peopl? the South; but no word of conciliation or attack of that section are bound to us by many ties comes from the mouths of the republican lead-lis practical effect is to establish in Europe and in these Northern States the real conflict between the black republican axiom*, that "slavery is an evil and a 0x400," and the wisbesides those of business. We have exchanged hospitalities, received and returned courtesies with them. We are connected, some of us by blood and others by marriage, with Ssuthernkitchen, how furiously they will fight each other for the steaming viands. How the sere^ d p r o o e i U M | e glistens with the beauty and fashion of the metropolis, and presents the most curious and wonderful picture of humanparticular bone. The soothing line of the pious Watts, "Let dogs delight to bark andWhom the Gods wish to destroy, satth the season go forward. So New York is not deadpolicy cf filling the federal offiijes npo t thewhen Harrison came in on a hard cider barrel. Harrison had such an immense number cf friends that he was absolutely killed by their attentions. Captain Tyler had no party, butbrave veteran, who had met the Semi allowed, and religious propagandise will paveLet Mr. Lincoln, then, be prepared for a ter- rible onslaught He will need all his nerve. There are four hundred thousand Wide Awakes already at his heels. They are after the man- ner of the wise virgins in the Scripture, and will keep their lamps trimmed and burning,were to take it in hand we have no doubh thatsion, entitled tha ••SoWier's Glory,'" in which 01c t r c - ored sad tsrsaty eight mcstciana win parUelpate Tee 5lees Is -U'ustrative of a battle, cc-amencing with tha fwmatlcn of tbe troops, tUetr da*poe.*loB agaiaat tte ene- my, the charga, fetal, rauj and victory Besides the above brUliaat feature there is a host cf sok> pert- •» •?• ard vocalists, who have eommmda'-'y t:sde*"rd t»_tr services. Harvey Dodwortfc, George V. Brtttow aad p.rec- tor Graffola, tbe taMtr of tat Natlooe. flcerf ••A**- ^-* ccBduct the aShir.sent state of things in the cotton 8tat»wfta deep regrets, and at the same time to hope for the best results from the conservatism of Vir-'I www.fultonhistory.com 