 I!on Friday evening, at Camden, N. J.. The Wide-personal property and real estate, and L . C . Peck his sole executor. Hispropertyisestimatedatbetwetnthirtycofiin-clod sound, pf the unchangeably true gpd allthenamesproposedLshouId besuchaswere alreadylovingTramata ?andthen,with Herodian cruelty, upontheticketnominated bytheBreckinridge party,r>W!'-.eartridgeuweret;ietie entiie coniervatjvedement, and w « i resnlt in the defetvt Mv. rthrow of the Reppblloan paxty in this State.s auciomientohas decided. But in, his place the Musiani, w i t h m u c h v i g o r a n d a n o t e w h i c h h e g e t s o n h i s t i p - toe,likeexpectation,toreach,deliversvocalic wordsSeveral efforts were made during the day to find! J a m e s T . B r a d y , b u t h e w a s n o w h e r e t o b e f o u n d .-•- Hl:-•A t Z*wmTHE LAST WALKERPARTICULARS OFCoir«-«{K>iid«:ict5 of th«N. O. Pica;EXPEDITION.DEFEAT.The Sjbato Committee declined to compel the Bell- Everett-Douglas Electors to show their hands, and soUROPBLTo»ns|[Atig.30;l860,TM n 8 * V TM » ? :P*mS-urtfl between 10a»d11o'clock * « ^ £ » J j g o-«erfche British atihhi spot ' ^ jgl-i, was by far the the two emokers, A&$rtained their ^ m ^ andsent aYours, retpectfnuy. • . JOHN T KRKrRY••liwardupXtnNaples,anduponEometoVenetia. ButNapokonandCavour!donotpermitthe gallant Dictator to liberate all Italy; they are well •atipfied'te make useof tiejrevolution, but they are somewhat alarmed at the idea that within twomonths'Garibaldi maybe at theheadof twelve •affiona of Italians, roused by dar- ms acts and continuous success to thewoundedintheleg;E.F.Conway,-private,fever;and A . Lowe, private, fever. These persons felt ratherqueer when they found \hems«-lves the solitary inmatesof this oldfort, andthe solemn hoar of midnight uponthem. F e w if any of them closed their eyes lnsluai-ber;andeverynoise,fspeciallythebarkingofadog, Awakes,120innumber,turnedout;theHon.John was imagined to betheannouncement ofthe rapidap- Sherman ma^e oneof hisbeat speeches,to an andience proach of an armed and bloodthj^ty enemy, intentStorkbecom'ngwell*.dvancedinyears,beingabachelor,dwellwithwomanlytendernessandtearsoverthe electors,andperhapsanothernamefortheStateticket and bavmg^o Briends in this conn1 ry,made~bi8 will, by" ? p , o f water emptied upon them.y^4 or another the officers and men were busily erto-. ^-The Republican Mass Ve*.txryg.b«]a.at Pittsburgh 0wm$m mone pasecogfr, wn^.F^sted and ^ a s ior ^ f w ^ testing. The pa*s«>8g>..gJ$M.« Varrehog withACADEMYOF MUSIC.B« Mad enough to inform o« at yonr earliest convem>nc<j if •mch an arrangement i«p'a«tic*M<,. -:*TMcompanieswe**raoidlyformed,in $&$MM mareh^ooTinenoed. Everytbm| co^ne^£*ljh theeiatementoftieoccurrencetoMa^foj Raadon,Mi$ rJOSEPH 8. HOOVEE,comj.COKent.'n6,WOVMTrfDi2,0OC M««-^>IZ(OOPTOO<\J.OOOEr** «10.WKri«-it 5.C0OY.ri- 1,V<W>F!<*«J10,000 Mid f,,*m Cbi-. 3,fO0 "• •! 5,CO0L.5-'.' 5,000 Otev 1/fAMi*-V00N. Y.C 575 do. 650 ci< . K« d/>.50 A . 100 do.WO d< ?O0 fi«rl/»n. €50 6. 500 do J«0 d3. ISO- taCrcwMErie lU.,i35* •do. 50 do. 120* do.264 d/> SO dc. 100 do.150 dc 5 0 H u d . - o : . 5 0 '•••1if,.IT© d... 100. d<t. KiO do. afOHarinr. 100 io. 500 do.. SOOReedia* '.m do. 60* d-- 15031L S<>. isilently that no one knew of rt in the tow, or on boardr,seemed asTke Neapolitan 5TS,aCCOTdung to "J,T,aSTTe'do•» gJo-fc t*hie rrTfaos..e^,nuasna»llIyvMso>>nfosy, refusedCalabria. "obarkonan occasionofsuch mteresttpthepartiestke ChsmpTain was out.remain undkr'^t|^^*Trtflt f o ^ fifteen days, and theWRlRr.^<***edtheStraits,andlanded atBsgaaxa^ ^ nvoftheseveralvesselsintheharbor. e y TLieutenant^afweetf,-andVJQBitwasclearlytheduty gmokmg, mitead of ther^gei^B being the first toin-/^Twieeaent of Marsala, arrfedjuat T^tim* to^iteesa thebold feat, and to destroy «ne of the Th*ewhole number of men under Walkejy and leav ed. Th^.inxj^jjB^ throng was addreesed dariog the fringe it. ' jThis proposition wae on Friday laid on the table, but the Douglas men offer*d to put as many names which shouldpassforBreckimidoeontheticketasthey could find room, for . T b e Dongla* Committee, how-Cetenz sncoetded in eludind t ^ hostile fleet,aad in Teaching the land vri& about 4,000 men Comp«ny'A; MajorThoxna* Dolao, Acting Ottptaio of CompanyKings—tie sovereigns—tbat is, here, the people, arepointed Secretary of Legation to China, Mr. Gr. W . now angry through politics—and the Greeks—that is, ever, would not 'ecogniz* any Breckinridge organiza-above Eeggio. These t w o eoips were soon joined fcy t h e msuTgent force organized previously b y MjsaorL They marcted straight upon Eeggio,ript. J. 8 Vv ,t, Chief of Commissary . Department; Capt. B; «"»pi. J. . e .-,.--Small, CMrfof Ordnanci Department; Lient. John Ityan, Gixof Qnortennart r*a Dopartment; Noah J. Papons, First Liea- tonantCompanyA.1Yor ^ 8Ild by Mr. Chitteud*n, Mr. Ayery, and otherthe complete command of the Straita. The fleet •f the enemy cannot now prevent the passage frominNovember. Theenthusiasmduringtbedayand Wtbisert?repropeitytoMrs.L.C.Peck,wifeofthe moreorless,togoandheartbeinconsequential unteerAssociationasinglenameontheieticket.During:HOD.L.C.tPeckofthisplace. Thedeceasedcameto thedaythesub-Committee,afterconsideringtheques- evfning was unprecedented in all that section of the tbis country in 1827. and shortly after landing in New- wretchednesifl, the head-over-heels agony of theYorkengagedintheoccupationofimportingPm»sian Troubadourlady,whoissobewilderedatthe tion,sentMr.Cag*ertotheroomsoftheVolunteer*shawls, where it is supposed he amaaeed consideTable pxpenee of canee' and effect, and only measures and informed them that they could not accept therewealth.AfteratimeheremovedtoArgelica,whereherlength onhermother-earthbythehappyproposition,andassertedthattherewasagreatdiffi-he resided for about twenty years, deamg moetlyin interposition of the culinary arrangements in Act culty in creating vacancies on their ticket, but fioaUy, r e a l e s t a t e . .1 S o o n a b e r M r - S t o r k a r r i v e d a t A n g e l i c a h eocc. lay around in profc&ion and confusion. Gen.Walkerleftbehiodhimintheforttheentire SkDy to the Neapolitan peninsula, and thus have hospital. This is composed of eight persons, as fol-State. —Thev,'-'v7. meeting.held•wearrivedatthesecondpartofGaribaldi'sgreatlows:I>r.E.0.Newton,wpieonincharge;B.John- son, hospital steward; CoL Thomas Henry, woundedTreasury, about thirty millichs of ducats, and themost precious jewels, pictures, and antiquities arecarefully lemovedto an Ausrian steamboat in theportofNaples.Theseprepdrationsforaflightarenot exactly'calculated tojiiuspt re confidence in the brings us tbe above interesting: correspondence, arrived army, and we hear continually of numerous de- •at this port last evening, from Ruattn Island the 2dlastFallmiiPtbe well remembered,theOi.be-dayat-tempted to give performances in Boston atthe-Melo-deon aroomadjoiningtheBoston Theater. Thepro-prietors of this latter institution, with whom business offered. Wjhen Mies Josephine Raymondi heard of flourish, like the interposition of Judy O'Flanagan was still ready to negotiate with them, if they had anysertions. •[Whiie Naples is thus crp Dobling away, Lamo- Port McDona'd on the 3lst, from Truxillo tbe samexici^re prepares fora morej obstinate resistance day,whencesnebrings'beverylatestintelligencefromthe m*in lar-d. Ir. is ,to the following effect:since it is certain that Eome, with the exception of After leaving Truxillo, Wa^er retired down thethe town and district occupied by the French, mus coast in the direction of Cape Gracias.' He had at that follow the fate of Napks. Surrounded as he is by time (the 21st) 80 men, all well armed and In good FrenchLegitimists,hecanncjfcworkuponthesym- spirits. Onthe23dtheenemystartedoutinpurnuit, pathies of the Fmperor, and all the resources of his and the snme day an engagement- took place at a lo-military genius .will fail' against the number"and cality called " Cotton Tree," oh tpe Roman River.parts, or a change of scene. There are dramatic exhi-bitionswherethereinnotmorethanonepersontoper-form. This, then, is either a concert or a dramatic ex-hibition. A concert, as we understand it, and as weare accustomed to see them, is when persons congre-gatetohearsongs,perhapspungbypersonsintheiror-dinary dre«s. That certainly is not the nature of this rise was at Garibaldi,8 camp. She delivered the dispatch first principles of musical logic and rhetoric. entertainment. Here iBa story- to be illustrated and a into bis lands. Sbe returned home as safely as she had moraltoboworkedoutbymonologue,dialogue,and gonetoherdestination. Beingforewarned,Garibaldiaskedherinjmarrisgeofherfather. TheMarquiswas delightedattheproposition,andinstantlygavehiscon- sent, and tire marriage was announced, everywhere in the neighborhood, and w a s soon heard of throughout Europe. "When the Marquis told Josephinethai;heIn'thisengacerrentoneman (private Pomeroy) was killedandfivemenwounded,putnoneoftbemse- verely. Among them wasM»jor uToff, whowas very badly diffigured with buck-shot, u n d Private Jam«s J . H o g s o f t b i s c i t y , w h o r e c e i v e d a g u n - s h o t i n t h e arm. Thev»ouodhowever,wasnotsevere.cialconstitutions,has passed withoutanyImperial abandonedmahoganywork?, wheretheinhabitantsat first took to fight in ereat alarm, but were induced tomanifestation as regards th 2> change of system of retnm by the favorable representations of one of their .Government. The Hungarians on the other side number,"under theadvice of Walker.enthusiasm of the revolution; iry forces, which are backedbyalltheSardinianaimy.Austria inthemean time seadsonebattalion after a n o t h e r t o V e n e t i a , ' a n d a f t e r h a v i n g g o t t h e p l e d g e ofthePrussianPrinceK^gentto.assistherwiththe forces of all Germany in the case of a Italo-FrenchattackontheMincio,shethinisnowlessofconces-sionsinHungary andthettherprovinces. The sailantwas,however,shotdownonthespot. Emperor's birthday on the 18th mst., originally After tbis eng-gement, Walker continued to retire selected for an amnesty, and the promise of provin- •till the 25ih, when he arrived at a place called Lima,noli. WhethertheB.isindisposedornotno ptonun-. uppermostinthemiodeoftheDonglasCommittee.made a great demonstration <>n St. Stephen's day, toshowtieirattachmenttotrieconstitutionalprin- ciples introduced by the first .ring of Hungary. No collision, disturbed/ the feast, since Gen. Benedek hadthegoodsensetoleavethemaintenanceoforder exclusively to the municipality, by ordering the po- lice force t o their barracks. T) ie previous dismissal of the Chief of Police, the notorious*Prottman, made a good impression a t Pesth, still Bene'dek went at once to Vienna after the demonstration, and declared that unless the Government either] made concessions, or resolved upon war with aid Com Eussia, Hungary is certain to rise at the first intelligence of a war in Italy. Buthisremonstrance!wereregardedasof no avail, Francis Joseph poiq ang to Naples and re- fusing concessions. jAt last accounts Walker was8'ill at Lima, with 76meningood'fightingorder. ThiswasSunday,,the26.h,thevery"latestnews r*c*ived at Rnatan b«lbre give8astatement ofthemannerinwhich the " Jaffa the Kate left. It is believed tbat the Osceola, at Bata- outrage" has been eettled. It wi'l be remembered bano,bringsnolaternews,buttha!;herreport ofso that inJanuary of1859anagricultural mesionary many men beirg lost, is only a partisan report and not named Dixon, resided ia the garden some dis- rehaole.TRUXILLO, Honj oras, Aug.22, 1860. Oen. Walker and hisfolio we; retired last night from the fort and town of Traaillo, fter, having occupied them since the 6th inst. • Thi sudden movement oa Walker's part wasinoensequetice ofa correspondence between him and Commander S'llmon, of Her Majesty's steam sloop-of w a r learns, th<| subject beiug certain British interests in Honduras eaid to.nave been infring- 1 ed by Walker in the ownpatipn of Truxillo. Com-reliable and authoritative source. And it is scarcely trial, and secured their conviction. They were con pected to wait there indefinitely dancing attendance ceed. Verdi is resting from, his labors. Excepting remain. His position as the leader of the entire body probable tbat the Osceola, at Batabano, brings any- demnedbythe Porte to hard labor for life at Acre, upon a woman's vapors. The.marriage ceremony tookW. S. BAILEY-CASSIUS M. CLAY. , mander Salman informed 3Ir. Walker that the British To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.power to condense much into little space; and the in-spirations of melody which stands out so from harmonicGovernment held a mortgage on all duties and port charges received by the Cofieetor of Customs at the port of Truxillo; and that he demanded of Mr. Wa'ker aU moneys received by him from those sources since he look forcible possession of the place. A s Gen. Walker had made Truxillo a free porfe from the day of his «n'rance therein, and as no collections had.beenmaie, •fi-ourze he could only reply j tjo this effect, and th*t therefore there were no funds!on hand- to answer thedemand.SJK: Some time since you published a card from C.M. Clay, recalling hislattera of commendation to m j -self. To correct wrong impressions where any might{••;t h e m o r n i n g o f t h e «2©th i n s t , a n a t h e c o r r e s p o n d e n c e , of whj<*h I have gjyon a brief sy^op^is, took place dur-f r i e n d s h i p h e h a d f o r m a n y j e a r s p r e v i o u s , a n d p a r t e d with me in like manner at the close ef the Convention. I never once dreamed that he held, inwardly, an un-limited.;The Democratic Volunteers were also in session inneither raise an alirm nor render assistance to their' sister. The occupant?, aided by the police, S'K>n put out the fire, and the dain,a,<re to the furniture aud buud-ing yesterday. The last commiDnication from Commander Salmon was received b: General Walker at kind feelir g toward me. Butstill it seems he went im-itheir proposition made on Friday: • ',, '•'••_ . „ • -, NKW-VOUK, Sept. 14. I860. DKAN RICHMOND, Chairman State Central Committee.IJKAK 8 m : Recognizing the latpbrt'Anoe'of J-f.-at.ljiB LincolnBrown, and Bendon. of the-Ninth Ward, convoyed the sul'erers to the N . Y . llcspial, where Mary subse- quently'ditd from the effect of ht*r injuries. Aii inquest wus held on her body yesterday, by Coroner Schirmer, when it only appeareo in evideucelthat they wore sit-about 6 o'cioMt pi at., and the o: cer delivering it ar- mediately home and wrote tbe card referred to. .ranged to return from the war-ft p fora final reply atFor us Kentuckians to raise our voice against the " extension" of Slavery, and yet have nothing to eay agaiDSt tbe evil of it in our own midst, would be, Iot long after the rs- ceipt of this last and rather pei imptory letter befora movement* w«re visible inside tl e fort indicating that30 o'clock this mq/ning. I t was)as paruiuount to all other co»HiJ*rutiou«f mid vitu it v't5\v of httV-n,oni/.in(5 the tlifl'o'redoes now exi«t»UK tntha Dumccia'icrank>>BOas to present bat one Stute and Electoral ticket io solid onu> ihem as above etated, A verdict in accordance wiwgomethiigunusualwasonthe toateide would have noticed any ihange, soquietly wasinittce coiiMMit to withdraw or procure tho declination of "wo candidates upon UitvStaie ticket,One Klector at largo.IShu- Dlftiict Flnotors,and (ill s«id vacaucias with the followinig names already noml-.Mown^fid9-^r-cio^ts, an'!|Mtheright. .Ed. Trib.}onthefollowingmorning.Untitled Document:,beliovowillmoottheviewsofwaistcoat-.. CoronerJackmanheldtheinquest,andvV0upon our destruct on. However, all was well; aod, high- J after a long watch, daylight broke upon us. aod not aest pitch o f enthusiasm, a n d treating with Victor Emanuel upon terms of perfect equality. It be- comes now of imperious necessity to complete Italian unity before Garibaldi can reach Naples, and to place a barrier betwesn hhn and the French garrisonofEome. Naplesnmstberevolutionized, and a Sardinian government and gamson installed xathecapitalbeforeGarilaldicanarrive. One portion of the work must U done without him, orSaehebecomestoopowerful NotthatCavouror Victor Emanuel doubts the] loyalty of the great Dictator, or suspects him of elfish aims; buthe is wnrreunded almost,exclusively by menwhoaremore or less inoppositiontothepresentSar- dinian Cabinet, and who IHonot disguise their antipathy against Napoleon, This position of af- fairs i« serious enxKigta, and will oe probably dis- cussed to-morrow a t Charrbery in Savoy. T h e ^Emperor >being there upon a visit to his newly-ac- qubed possessions, Farini, the Minister of the Interior has gone to the sam< place, apparently asan actof courtesy, but in fact todiscuss the plan ofoperations,bothinthesouthandintienorthof forourfelvesandthosenowinthehospitalsickand Democracy. Youmayopenthediscuesiouifyouso Italy.'•HisinterviewwitiNapoleonwillbe wounded,butwedonotknowthedirectionofGen. des"'reandwithoutprinting,ityourselfseudittouaforTHE VERY LATEST.PROBABLE E N D OP T H E EXPEDITION. From The A'. O. Picayune, Sept. 11.'seems to be dull this season, prayed the Supreme Courtto place an.injunction on the entertainment. TheTheBri'iahbrigKate,Capt.Wm.Stevens,whichChiefJustice,afterhearingevidence,decidedthat "andwillbringbackhisreply"ThePodeetatbeR-posers.Thatthelawsofpoliticalsuccessionmaybe"whoorwhattheyrepresent—theypretendtobeanIT nwmH•« .: I-,-•- *[NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE,"MONDAY,jSfPTEMB^ 1^^1860.ingthefortwithhim,wasabout 80,includingofficersecopifsteamer*,theTurin.1 j&tt^ sametime Thename*ofsomeoftbemfoilw: v dayandev>njDgfrom8evftr9ietandabyJodgeTaylor, —Thetelegraphcommittedanerrorinannouncinginst. Sbe reports that the b ig Pavorita arrived at upon the place where it is held, the number of theeex ran much greater risks than a mau would be ex-posed to) service deemed by men too hazardous to beencountered; But Miss Josephine Raymondi insistedsostrenuouslythattbedispatches should begivenher sity,andissuppoeedto exnaustthebreathaud admi- Duringtheday,Caggerwastalking-withoneofthe that, tbe Podestat yielded; besides, whom else had heGen. Walker was also personally assailed in the con- flict.,andreceivedaslightwonndinhisface. Theas-•At tbat time also each man had about 100 rounds of cartridges, and was every other way well provided. Itwhich belongs to but few of the Irving-street thrushes, with much enthusiasm for her art, and attention totovote,hewould resign. Hedeckredthatthey phould accept his resignation, unless they forced these Bell- Kve.rett EhctOrs to declare themeelves. These ten Electors have n o t been informed officially of their nom- ination. Mr. Ottendorfer insisted that they be, which wonld place them under t h e necessity of accepting o rphve; his daughters were daily in the habit of seeing ia belit-ved tbat they made their way down the coast axd conversing with the Arabs of the vicinity, and onewithout farther loss.. In addition to the above, we learn that the officer re-ported to be wounded at Tmxillo was Col.Henrv ofthis city. He was wounded, however, in an affray of the eldest daughter, a Prussian .named Steiuheck, wbichgrewoutofaprivatedifficulty,andnotincon- waskilled,thepropertywasstolen,andthefamilyflict wi>h tbe Hondurans. The wound proved mortal, ruined. After many attempts to secure the real crim- and it was he that was quietly buried in Truxillo.friends and admirers, the Fabbri will delineate all thephases of Traviata life, from t h e nonchalence of t h edemi-mon*de of Act I. to the fatalistic realities of ActIV.;showingtheversatilityoftheartistinamarked, declining. Hewould-besatisfiedtoremainshouldWe also lcirn that, in abandoning Truxillo, Walker left behind a large quantity ofatoi-pe and provisions, which doubth-88 enabled the enemy to make a pursuit so vigorous and effective.inals, the Coneul of Jerusalem only succeeded in ar- resting parties. designedly put forward by the authori- ties to ecreen tbe guilty. The case was fi lally traus- feir«jd to the Consul at Beyrout who ferreted outMeyerbeerthey accept the Douglas, nomiuauon, with consequent implied pledge to vote for Dooglae.These are the very late?t particulars we have by thebrig Kate, and they are faruiehed to u's from the most the guilty parties, and broiight four of them tothing later: It is to be hoped, therefore, that the report of the very great destruction of his men, reducing hia force from 80 to 25, may turn out to be untrue.POLITICAL.and about five thousand piasters (or $200) indemnity was offered for their losses. This indemnify aud ver- dict Mr. Coneul Johnson refused to receive ae satis- factory, and Col. Williams, our Embassador at the Porte, protested against-such an inadequate "punish- ment. Tbecase was finally adjourned over until the murderer of the Prussian, Mr. Steinbeck, might be ar-rested. Time" sufficient having elapsed to show the impossibility of arrcstir g a Vack slave whohad escaped to the Bedouins in tbe interior, justice haa finally beenpla<-cin-KiiioCasth'Chapel,butaftertheceremonythe thesetwo,amidallthemusicaltalentofEurope,we' oftheGermanDeniceratswill^notallowhimtore-do not hear of a name sufficiently individual in the main in a position where he appears to be the supporter operatic world of creation to carry hope to managers. of Know-Nothing candidates, although th.-y m a y There arc excellent composers for mueic tbis side of have really sold themselves to Douglas. His placewill be filled by one of the, Commercial party.. FiRES.- S;.pp!- •> "' fraciiox son.< v:stror.j; New-'i biddi?} acjo-.r wef^ t «81;'15; P road,: Bailro Baiiro Michu, «rn a gan S<; Baiiro:79Jj Csnd/li &g*<« TJu<IUL<•vritb f^s Tee poo! —exist, permit me to state in reply that he requested meJa&tFalltoabandonmy(our)KentuckyFree-State accord*d.and,anotherverdicthasbeengivenatthede-It acquaint- ed him that! Miss Josephine Raymondi, or rather Mrs. Josephine Gariba'idi (for . such she wa«. now) had long* honored her cousin, Count , wjtii her favors. T h e most irretifetible eVidunee w a s given, ard the names of witnesses cited. Ca-ibaldi gave tholetter to the Marquis Raymondi, who hastened to thy lu'ido'eroomandgaveherthefatalpaper. Tierewas no denying the charge made. A distressing sceneidentifies it with the scene, is always the rarest of qualities.SON? BUKNE.D UY THE EXPLOSION OK A KLflO J.\M1\ ONE SINCE DEAD.About t w o o'clock yesterday morning John, Daniel,and Mary Moran,.brothers' and sisfer;, residinjg on tho li;s: lioor of the tenement -bonjw, No. 187 Wosi Thir- teenth street, wove terribly .burned by the exploeioh of a iluid lamp. Tbe Ninth Ward Polioo report that tho brothers aretailors, and work at home. The lamp ex-Platform, etatiog that be (they of JVIadi?on County) had adopted, simply, the PhiladtJphia Republican Platform of 18.0b. So I republished said platform, for tbe sake of unity, as we expected to vote with the Republican partyin1860,acknowledging Mr.Cayasourleader,mand of the American authorities in Turkey. and final verdict wasto thefollowing effect:The lastFirst.- T,h'e unarrepted criminal, when taken (for tbe accomplishment of which no efforts will be spared), to be punished by the infliction of the extreme penalty of the law—-viz., death.Second: The four prisonere now in irons at Acre arc to be removed to Constantinople, where they will be imprisoned for life at hard labor, unless their crime shall hereafter be regarded as meriting death, in which cas* 1hey wilt be executed.Third •• Anindemnity of$2,500tothefamily ofMr. Dixon and the widow of Mr. Steinbeck.—•" Lalla Rookh," a quite celebrated female elephant attached to a Western circus, died in Indiana a few days ago. H e r disease w a s lung fever. H e r character was good, andthewascalled Jenny inprivate life.—We learn from an English paper that another of the Piincess Mary's mad suitors has been pieced under restraint. This unfortunate gentleman ia a M r . Nicii— ells, who,ae a shipowner, had sustained a series of misfortunes, which appear to have deprived him of rea- son. His ha'lucmations were of the moet extraordi- nary character, and chief among them was the delusion that the Princcts Mary of Cambridge wasviolently inouttothemen,anaaquantityofpowderandballsfor unnaturalthrustwithoutcause. Ihavebeenhisshield lovewithhim. Hehadwrittenherletters,andBentThe Douglas State .Committee conveniently reducedCommander Salmon's response to this explanation but aid not. abandon our Kentucky State Platform as fromtheGeneralwasthathemjistlaydownhisarms herequested, forI stillthought,thatthecitizensof amd abandon the fort. In the event of his so doing, the Kentucky should take some State, action for the final British flag would protect him and his men until they abolition of Slavery among us, which. I thought, wouldcould embark on some ves»el and leave the coast of be as consistent as it was for other States that had done Honduras. In case, however, ble refused to lay down so and that are now free. I think so still. •his arms and accept the terms offered, the gnus of theIr&rue would be opened upon him, and he would be At the Republiewn Convention held ii Covington ontaken by force. The Icarus arrived in the harbor on the 26th oi April, 1860, Mr. Clay professed the sameto a. Sub-Committee consisting of Richmond, Cagger plodcd, or was upset, aud tbe burning fluid scatteredthink, ridiculous before the world and inconsistent with •pis, although no one ourselves.ing about a tttble, and that the lamp explode'd, burning the facts was rendered-. • / ' 'FIRS IN OKAND STREET.At 10J d'.clovk, Saturday night; a fire occurred in the bakery, comer of Grand and Ciiutoa streets, iu conse- eqnence of a defective tlue connecting with the oven. tv^as discovered at an early moment and soon ex-*nguished by the police, aided by some citizens.ltX> hS 10 0(K at. -V8Ttc t Stave tune,.and < Miuy 'Tb$1^ $211, Co ofth«of AlI-'I OiI have no apology to. make to Mr. Clay for my course, and if he has none to make to me for bib, I bid Several of the principal offic were summoned to him farewell. Hisletter, I thhik, will do me but liuleafatalaccide'ntwaathere«u11.Alargestonewaathrown into the air and descended with crushing force on tho head of a woman named Mary Brown, a servant .em- ployed in the family of Mr-. Scott, in Eighty-thhJ street. Theunfortunate woman was standing in the yard of the premises when the falling stone s'ruek her-^erythingdone. . -the.presenc© of th«| General; anorders given as to the harm. May it do as little to him. I wish him no ill. various duties to bh performed them with dispatch, I ha»e alwayn been true to principle, and trust ev«;r to Additional rounds if cartridges nd caps were given remain so. But, I mcfet. eay,hu Jefer is a C'Id andnoted on iheIBiecjciarldge ticket: Yon LlKIJTBNAM-(J(JVKU.NOH... FOUCANAT. COMMISSIONKU. . . .. . . H e n r y K . Vl«le. ... .John M. Jaycox. ...James T . Brady.1 ohn H . Brown. DanMO Miller. Josinh W. Brown. CharlesFranci*.JacobA. W«»torvolL JamesLeo. StephenP.Russol. AaronWiud.Wenry Snydentbe manufacture oil more cartridges was carefutly pu'. and helper, and now in a crushed condition aud needyup m small bags for the men to jack wi'h them on the he *eek» my rain.Friends writing to mewill please address BoxNo.9 uncertain.marchtbatwasbeforeihem.Intheordnuncrf Covington,Ky,insteadofNewport.departmentwere66ofWalter's'VIbio"muske;s,whichrfiustremainbehind; andasthe*emus*;necessarilyfallintothebandsoftheenemy,the1stockswerebrokenSJA the barrels bent in such 4 manner aa Jo renderthem Qseieiw. A liirge quibUtyiof powder and so.r.e . *? " .her presents, andwhen warned by the police to aban-don this form of persecution, he adopted tho course of on the head, fracturing her skull. She waa taken to, Foil ElKC'rOH AT I.AROBl>ljjTM0T BXBCTOUSen the 13th inet., the anDivers jy 0 f ths victory gainedTHE SEPTEMBER SEASON. rWhen kingsareangry;theG»eek«weep,»ayathe Latin poet. W e wonld quote the original, but since the exact sciences are studied at the expense of theCJiafrmao. M SALOMONS 8eer*twy,^largeetpoliticaU?eera\lag;,,evacuation of thef rt waa^eondnctedleo derryaod New-York. Fifteen or ^-enty thousand were present. ^ e r ^ f ^ f t f ^ ^ S S ^ ? ^ >^ered the Colonel toe v e rThe country on both t ' ^ VermontraUiedinI'^ggnnmbers, Ourovn State—THOHfA8HENRV JJGWUK J.PAHI/ B. BRAOLEE, JOHN BURKK. JAMTJS MONROE,Volunte«r«.—A correspondent writ* s from Schoharie, under dateof the 14thinst., as follows:. ".W e had a tremendous gathering of RepublicansAt an early hour this morning, Dr. Newton andMr.Alkn -went with some haste to lhe acting British Con- P. Hale, Mr. McKean, Representative in Congressperson, either friend or enemy; had entered the fort during the ni^ht.10,00017. R 5 3,060 Mia*.a 9,000 Met. I 4,000 H-rn. U. 2.U0HarR. 6,000 • Ha50 Ttc Wd 50 d...140 N. T.' e«sul, Mr.Wm.Mulhado,andin.'behalfoftheentireparty made application for British protection. As therewas a rran-ofwar in port, tbe commander of whichwasMr.'Mulhado'sofficialsuperior,hecouldnotgiveus a positive answer until a CODBUtation was had. He,however,promsedtodoallinhispowerforourwel-fare. In the mean tame the boatmen of the IcarusfromtreSaratogaDistrict,Gen.Sbaokland,ofN.Y.,evf r been known of his early hiatory, some supposiag to-morrow night, Tuesday, at Niblo's, under the Cor- sider that they bad any right to go outside of tbe pre-thatbewasjbanished fromthecountryofhisbirthat tesi.Allthisisowing,aswehavesaid,tothepolitical sentBreckinridgeticketfornames,andrejectedatfollowingheraboutwheneversheappearedinpublic•—AdashingFrench Colonelandanequallydashiug [HavingthusgivenMr.Baileyahearing,wofeel •LieutenantgothitoacartoseetheParisandStras-/Re.jfcCtt'ullyyoorH, . WMS.BAILEY.impelledtoaddthatweconsiderMr.ClayentirelybourgRoad,theOtherday,andsmoked,cigarsduring Jthewholeoftheirjourney,tothegreatannoyanceofPERSONAL.Richmond, however, expressed his willingness to putonnameswhichwouldbesatisfactorytotheVoKo f LOradus ad Pdmassum, we are afra' d to discharge ©ft^Vv^Y^*?^^^^w% regulation concerning classics at the head of the average reader,,lest hegarat0gatoa8farnorthasMalone, and as far west;^ OgiJensburgh—waa fnllv represAUtr. CommitteeofNationalDomocisticfromasfarsouthft?Gen. WiiHam Vvafter Generdin-CWefv Col. hL J . Rndkr, Henry P ^ StantoD, M. I Tovnsend, Ex-Seoa^or Dart, that Mr. George W . Heard of Boftpn had been ap- Co>oiwlCoiDn>aiidiog; Msjor John V. Hoff, A'tiog C&ptaio of E.O. Vsunes, Geo W . Palmer,- and others, .of New*liis.Buppoted each man had,on leaving the fort, thennmberoftwo or three thousand, making nightof nearly $3,000,000, aud have churches and schools November, interfere wich the fortunes of the Aca- m waitmg in theball,,ofthe hot,1; heopened the door*and toon took the town and citadeL The Neapol- thirty roundsof cartridges and cane, beside the extra, luminous with their torches and fireworks. Several allowance in the »achs. No doubt tbe average p>rit*ns withdrew to Monteleone* where Bosio, who, man is about one hundred rounds. Tbey also carried .bauds of music and glee clubs enlivened the occasion. by two <«^itolations at Paleimo andatMelazzo with them two barrels of pilot bread. As regards The proceesion, which marched to the Fair grounds, haswontherankofGeneral,tndisbelievedtobe blank*tsorextraclothing,thelittlearmyhadtaken wherethespeeches'were,made,wastwomiteslong.nothing more than each man had on at the time of de• tike first soldjer of Naples, iscoikcentratingthe royal partuie, for the apartments of tbe fort were found forces* By the capture of Rjggio Garibaldi got strewn with garments -ofeverv description, on walk ing aroundthemthismornmg.. Truckswereleftopen, andjewelry,books,privateletters,daguerreotypes,valued at from $400,000 to $500,000. . . demic elhptic—with the popular fluency thither, and T~TheNunda (Livingston Co ) News makes thefol the detonating spontaneity of mnnjr thousands of youngcf the rooms in which the Committees were siting, only to have them slammed in bi* face.Therewaemuchcaucusing between thetwoCom- mitteesj and there wa» suppoied to be a great deal of fueion going on, but after it wae all overivapoearedthats c h e m e . * F r o m t h e e x t r e m e s o u t h o f t h e p e n i n a u l a b y a p i s t o l - e b e t i n t h e f a c e ; C h a r l e s A l l e n , s e c r e t a r y t obe advances now like an avalanche moving •Gene*al-ro-Cbief, sickoffever; WalterStanley,pri- plewerethere. SpeechesweremadebyCas^iujjtf. becameacquaintedwithMr.Peck,andawarmfriend-g>mlemen from Vermont, and New-Hampshire. I nAltogether it was a splendid demonstration, and givesturned out in a torchlight procession.—A very large and enthusiastic meeting^took placewhich 1 e made Mrs L: C. Peck his sole legatee of his. harrowing hectics, the consumptive cough, with its —viz: the State Prison Inspector—bat requesting thatwhichcrowdedtheCourt-Housetoexcess.trunk,ontheiDsideof whichwasaniron box,whichyesterday, at Sloan's Ville, in thiscounty, to hear JohnconvenediaNorthernshould notunderstand them. And,after afywhy-quote the dead tongues of dead men to prove;an ob-vioustruth,whenthefountainsofourcommoninspira-tionseffervesceeverwiththesamebubbles? TheHeard, jr , of Ipswich, Mass., received the appoiatment. tion sufficiently to aUow them to dictate o/even eng- the Italians, weep; in other words, the al fresco en-—The colored population of Philadelphia is from thusiasm of Wide-Awakes aud " t h e dreadful note of gest any of those names. tbeeveniogtheWido-Avrakesparadedthestreetsto 20,000to25,000;Tbeyownpropertytotheamount "preparation"generallyfortheBoewortb-fieldof .°DSid7'f8"<**•Satnrday,JamesBrookswasComuander S.—"Gentlemen, I understand that you lishes the followiog challenge to .The Delawareaiuhave been left here by Mr. WaJker, and that you de- " MESSRS. KIRK, SAULSBURY & Co —GENTLE- thentic history of Garibaldi's marriage. The story East and West, would wave their banner, inscribed in• CWe have to acknowledge the receipt of your note of tbi« date,.'declining the proposition "which w e had Mie honor of submitting to you on the 14th inxt. Will yon please notify u« if you hawo any proposition to offer wbich will tend to unite the opponent* of Republicanism. W e are, very respectfully,siretbeprotectionoftheBritish flag." MEN:YouaTenowengaged inaone-s'dedaodvery N. ana A . replied that such w a s tbe truth., Com- unfair dis-ussion- of the principles of the Republicanlmander S. said, I will extend the protection of the party; and if you really do not wish to deceive men, British flag over youif you will inform me what direc- but.only desire to.state thetruth withoat partiality, we tion Mr. w a ker has taken." propoee to j on a jomt discussion upon the quesrtone atletters of Stronchia: " Union, n o w and for ever, onereply:N. and A . replied: " W e certainly desire protection issue between the Republicans and the BreckinridgeThe regular opera was attempted six times a week—each evening endeavoring to grab the living artillery offashionandbeautyfromMainetoMinnesota,audCan-ada to Cuba. This unbroken series ought to succeedin an ordinary September, for the laws for attracting Dean 'ignored them entirely, hot they were not to be)Walker's march." Commander S. then said that he pob'ication first in our paper. W e will insert it with every body [said) of tbe Marquis Raymond!, a wealthy of equal importance with 'he celebrated inter- M^ao landed proprietor. The Marquis R^ymo^'di lives view of Piombierea, wbeji the first Italian understood that Walker's Secretary had. been left be- our reply, and then you print both articles together in with Ronconi's wife's sister, and Miss Josephine Ray-To this letter the Volunteers received no reply; thecampaign was decided ui>on. The greatest hindinthehospital.' your paper. Or if you preferwewill openthedis- mondiistheeldestof tbefive children(alldaughters) Mr. Allen remarked that he had acted as Secretary to ^cussicn in your paper in the same manner aa aboveoverflowing hotelcompanyatthis seasonoftheyearkickedof!so,aridafterwaitingtwoorthreehourssencdiflicujty in the way of fettling Italy is cer- )r >poaed, and then copy both articled in our pap'ar. Tn .that ha""* i-s|<ued from this union. She in a tall braare not those when Winter freezes intercourse and to tbe Committee another commur ication, as 'ollows:homes aDd firesides are so tempting. Among the ST. Nicnor.AH HOTKT,, Sept 1$, 1860.tainly the apathy of the Neapolitans. But the re- Gen. Walker. nette, with brilliant eyes, regular, but prominent fea- Command*r S. called the Secretary as'd* and ques- tbis manner the readers of both papers will, s-e bo'h tures, and a rather flat face. She is two-andtwentyD E A N - It icHMOxn, Chairman, &<*. —Dear Sin Oor Committee) operas BOliberally served up, Martha, with its jollity have considered yourvejba) proposition, made this morning With Song has granted an amne to them, they have tion of his march, butthe Secretary could give no sat- be a fair proposition, if you think not we are ready to years old. LaBt Summer when the Italian campaign and amorousness, was a pet. He who doubts that a view, to a fusion upon one S*ate and electoral ticket, which pro-turned exiles, who declare dly that, though the tioned him closely as to Walker's plans and the dire»- rides di»cussed in the same issue. Tbis seems to me tono mind to grant it to bin), 1 ,ve already sufficiently isfactory reply. The CoiS mander eeem-d particularly modify it to euit you. All that 'we desire ia the tri- was at its higbt, the M«rqriis Raymondi and his family potml was that you wonld airree to »ive the Breckinridge partyanxious to snow whether Walk»-r bad gone into the umph of truth, aod if we are-wrong we wonld be glad be, of no avail, there is a Sa an steam-frigate in interior or hud taken to the coast for the purpose of to know it, and"ho doubt you aod your readers arewere residing at his Summer residence, Pino,Castle, New-York, is the most cosmopolitan of cities, may nix names en Ihe electoral ticket posiiiv^ly, and four mo-e {f wbich is some fifteen or eighteen .miles from Milan, glean faith by.an attendance on such a night, when, in there w««rethat number of re8i«rnatton«; alsath*t you wonld agreaundermined the country, an if their efforts shouldthe B a y of Naples carrying etae regiment of sharp- en barking He) emarked that he regretted v<-ry much tqual'y hot est in your intentions. If yon accept thisto substitnte Breckimidge cnudidetes f >r the crffices of Lieutenant Governor and Canal Commi«»io-er; but that all theae names so> Bubstituted sha'l be new men and not any of those n«w nnon th« BrecHinridge ticket. W e decline tbis propof al and consider t h o negotiations closed, unless you have son e miferial amend nent to make. J. T. HENRY, Chairman.this,shebecame indignant at the cowardiceofmen,, infotheCredo—the Casta-Diva was well rendered. practicalproposition tooffer, buthowas not goingto ard offered herself as a volunteer, saying to the Pod«e-tat: "Give1 me thedispatch; I will goto Garibaldi, Singers should remember that composers are—com- make them anyproposi ion.^"Whoknows," saidhe,that Mr. Walker had not accepted his terms, as he shooters (bersagh'eri), which! may at any moment feared it would go very hard with bim and hismen ifprop< sition pleape say so in vour issue of to-morrow, and also whether you or I shall open t*e difnusrion.and is situated, on tbe western bank of Lake Como. Garibaldi and his band were at Varese; He had entered Copo a few days before, and made the acquaintance of tha Marquis of Raymondi and big family. The Anstrians bad marched forward, cut off all <*.ommunjication between Como and Varese, in-.terdirig to concentrate their forces b y different roads onVareseinlargenumbers-soastosurroundandaddition to the British, Spanish, French, Italian, and American audience, there are Germans enough to re- mind one of Berlin or Vienna.be called into action, of cour je always only for thehe attempted to make bis w a y through the enemy's" Yours reflpectfully,. J. S. PltETT^MAiir,"protection of the Sardinian anbjects. The plan' is country. The Commander then remarked that thosevery cunningly arranged, an< has every chance of J tbat bad been Ifft. need apprehend no dine^r, as Britishsuccess,aidedbytherevolujionarymovementsat protectionshouldbeextendedtous. Weweretobe AvcDmo and at Bcnevento,] which within a few permitted to leave Truxillo whenever opportunity.pro- days mayextendto the capital. Within d fort- s'med,andwouldbeallowedtotakeonrprivatebag- nightFrancisII.maybean«KileinGermany. He gfloe wi'hus,butallarmeorpspvrsrelatiogtoGen. is well aware of this hnpendii :g fate, and does His Walker's expedition must be retained in the fort asbeatto.providetorhisfuture.! Allthemoneyofthe publicproperty.The non-Cortesi business afforded the managers anopportunity for introducing tbe Parodi in Norma, whodrewforthmuch,applause,anddeservedlyso.TheCasla-Diva, bating certain butcherings of the text, by . unteers, if it would not injnre the ticket more with the whichthecomposerwasmadetoreturntohisclimaxes Douglasmenthanitwould helpitwith theBreckin- like a wounded snake, and his imploratlona of half- ridge men. tones,gentleasnew-horn'pity,turnedintoa.hacknied AftertheVolunteershadleft,Richmondpaidthathei—Tbe Draytons, whose entertainments in this ci'y oruth Garibaldi and his followers. The Podestatwhether a performance is theatjcal, does not depend ifated to accept from a girl of til (who by reason of herdoubtful, but of musical not. That when a passage, organization of merchants, representing a large capi- with an iterated and, insisted-on climax, as at the close tal. God d——n them, why don't they give us some of the slow movement in question, exhausts the inten- evidence of it."monyofMr.Drayton, that thiventertainmentispro duced by assuming different characters, acting their par?s, thereby illustrating srms story and enforcing somemoral,itdoescomewi»bin themeaningofathe-val'smoon,is,however,intheA-sademic'grovesjand, with voice of adipose richness, tells of the thunder-gust in his heart, or pronounces lynch-law on some poor wretchofatenorpoachingonhisbaronialacres,nottoThe committeewere discharged,andacommittee of five appointed to make another d«al with Ri jhmouol.Tbe probability r o w is that Richmond will make such: changesintheticketaswillsecure as muchmoneyaslowingannouncementofawindfalltotheHon. Luther C. Peck of Angelica:heartsandbands. Forthecourseoftruemusiccannot run smooth, or why these eccentricities of the Cortesi? Why advertise to sing aod then not eing, and-no solid"Louis Sfork, a Prussian bv birth, died at Lovejoy'stoken tbat Northern Ne•*•York will doher whole duty Hotel New-York City, on Thursday. August 30, and reaeons given? Whyinduce twothousand innocents, theDouglas Committee badnoideacfallowing tbeVol-Republican-mass Ohio,ontbe11thinst.,wasagrandaffair.Afiires t i m a t e o f t b e n u m b e r p r e s e n t s h o w e d t h a t 1 5 , 0 0 0 p e o -a tKavenna,after considerable controversy, proposed that the voluuj vate,woundedinthearm;HenryCooper,private, Clayandothers,andintheeveningtheWideAwake> sliphasalwaysexistedbetweenthem.'In1855,Mr. soupto thehorrorofhisbigbrother?orto teersphouldnametwooftheSiiteofficersandsix(Mayor)ofComowasanxioustocommunicatethisin- telligencetojGaribaldi,andmadeaproclamationtohis fellow-citizens, calling upon one brave Italian to vol- unteerandriskhislifeforGaribaldiBsafety. NobodyIV, by which the said Troubadour is done intoandfortythousanddollars.Mr.Sterkwentdownto massacrethehopesofthetwothousand.Ifweever astheydidnotwishtorecogn^ethepresentBreckingNew-York last Spring. At his death he left a largeridge StateCentral Committee,aid hadthereforede- cided to reject all names now in nomination on tha Brfckir ridge ticket.ThisstatementofMr.Caggerentirelychanged theposition of the question, and tbe Volunteers did not con-1002C0 ,-2t0. do. do. do.paused,which w.edo not,we would for a reply to he said*contained everything in regard Jto his history •theee energetic questions. The solution of this difficultyaxd all tbat would be of interest to bi« friends, and tbat is, doubtless, a material one, " of the earth, earthy, nohumaneyehadeverseentheinsideofitexcepthis asmaybejudgedbythetremendousannouncementofown, and never would until opened by his executor. the creation of a rival opera-opera house, commencing He was a very eccentric individual, and but little hasand Mr. Tracy, of California. All thes? gentleman, the instigation ofsome of his friends. It is said that he furies, internecine warfare moreover therein exasper- once the oiler of Mr. Cngger, and requestedhim in turn were present Mr. Hale npok« two hours and a quar was a man of extraordinary education, speaking fluent-tertoanaudierjeeof7,000,followedbvGen.Shauk- ly'fivedifferentlanguages. Thereforetothosewho atingthedifficulty. If,however,thoserichmerchants topresenthisobjectiontothepropositionofferedon;land in tbe afternoon; and MesBrs.^McKeau and Tracy have known him, there isa great anxiety to know what who are going to buy those Presidential electoral ticket Friday in wrhing; whereupon Mr. Cagger sent the to5000,intheevening. Thespeakingwaskeptupto theironboxcontains. Mr.PeckandsonleftforNew- places at $20,000 a piece—money thrown away, Volunteersthefollowingletter:CO..a late bour, tbe vast concourpe eagerly listened to the York on Monday Isst, to take charge of his personalthey may be assured, for the law of intrinsic coagula- NEW-YORK, S«pt. 15, 1360. tion and notpecuniary desperation guides these matters J.vo V. HE>?RY, CPO, Chairman. &c : ••-.,'400trieR1 l.octo do. 150 Hod«nt'i lOOiMlL t V1,200 do.. lOOS du. 100j Co.. 300: do. 100 Haripm 150 dc. J2s: do., W) d/„ 500 " d... 200 Re«dh'g 700 do. 400 do.-500 Silter V 100. do.i rCome y*DCentral.... Hancock..J I*le Roy&le MInnecoia. National.. PttUburni-. Q,ui»cy.... RcckLsnd ., Scpertot..The.Sto •a furtherto this .(-titshares, w 'The ehittf hadconsi market ] whichinfvalue—fa true, but railway p The moet which, frtheFirs finally The aa aions. & as of IHi oently~|t "have b ^ratevl pr in the bu port* c-fj additioQt andHud Central)r. i t s r o p i n gaining tione inatan:m freely • i S$l beitions fo andt h e lca<.levelia; that prfj of-vale, 'respond to be t from th;. wasv«fund tin tie cie^ earniog to 81 f t thecloe and "Oiprior * ] mo\f rr the [da S(ate;i mandi theEi Toledocame into the fort with a few marines and took posses-sion of it, placing sentinels and interdicting all logretjs end. Fr<m 10,000 to 12,000 person* it is estimated property and examine the contents of the iron box;Tbe DemocraticS'Bte Central C o m m i t s , wM]« extremely anx- iouptorrnkeconceraicnwithipit«pow*rtoae'-.nrethac<y>p*ra-, tt'onofallwhoareopposedtothe*l«»ctinnofLincolnandHa-n- tin, ore uimbie to accede to th* proportion contained in youxindegress.'Atabout10o'clockthismorningCom- manderSalmoncameashoreto*thefort,andwasre-were in at endance in the afternoon. No such demon- strationhaseverbeforetakenplaceinthispartofthe State."—Tbeeditor of The Mi^ford (Del.,.Advertiser pub-and when they return, we shall probably learn what tb*reisofinteresttothepublicinregardtothewhole affair.".'—would putthesumsintotheAcademy, therivalceived by Dy. Newtcn and Mr. Allen. copversaii*nthentookplace:The followinghousewouldceasetoseektoplayviolinosecondoto—The Pariscorrespondentof TheN. O. Picayune, theForestian revival; andwithonestage,oneconsti- letterofthe14thin»t. Veryrespectfully yours,tution, and one deftiny the musical North and South, in a recent letter, gives what he declares to be an au- rP.'CAGGER, Secretary.*To this letter the Volunteers eent the followingruns thus: J .-•".'*'*' I dare pay you have heard a great many allu-uonsto Garibaldi's marriage, and have been rather puzzled to form an opinion whether bewis orwas not married, the wbo'e matter bf ing shrouded in mystery. I think Icantellyouthewholestory. Hewasengagedto marryMissJosephineRaymondi,a.'daughter'(soD*Aif RICHMOND, e«[., Chairman, tec.:and inseparable."<to send, and (the danger pressed I She got on her horse, ration of the singer and hearer severally, it is worse Volunteers, the conversation turned upon furniahing snd in an instant disapoeared in the mountain's defiles. than nonsense to seek to heap on fresh fuel of rotten money for the campaign; said Cagger, " there has not Sbe knew jevery path that lay between Como and quality. W e never knew an alteration of the kind' been but one State or Presidential canvass for years Varese,forfromneryouthshehadtrod themafootor wbichdidnotindicate,tospeakmildly,awantoftheon horseback. She escaped the Austrians, and at sun-Albany, and in that exception we.bnly got five thous- Among tbe missing on the operatic stage is the Brig- and dollars from New-York." This shows what iawas forearmed.; lie forced BorghoVico defile, and drove hack the Austrian^ beyond Lake Como. After. the p e a c e w a s m a d e a t V i l l a f r a h c a , G a r i b a ' d i p a i d t h e M a r - quisRaymohdiavisitatPinoCastle,'forthefairwar-mueic, aud to, say it is not theatrical because sceuicc h a n g e s a r e n o t a d d e d i s c o n t r a r y t o c o m m o n u n d e r -standing. Ineachoftheseplaysastoryisillustratedand a moral inculcated. Taking, therefore, the testi- rior of Como had made a deep impression on him. He and feminine rhymes. Amodio, round as young Nor- evening, when the committee sobmitted their report.bad given her hand to the Liberator of Italy, she ap-atrical exhibition prohibited by the clause. The injunc- peared stupilied, rather than delighted. She could not say affections. The military Susmi—who, for his pat- possible, and seduce a portion of the Breckiarid£e Party-tion cannot, therefore, be dissolved.—An Eastern correspondent of The Bos/on. * .refusetowedGaribaldi,foreveryItalianregardshim rioticworkonItaly,wasmadeaMajor—ismissingtoo, overtohim. Hemeanstostrengthenhis organization: assomethingmorethanademi-god—beside,whatpre- andmuchwanted. WhynottryMoseswiththeMa-" andbreakdownallOtherDemocratic organizationsTravellertance from Jaffa, in a very dangerous aud exposedtextcouldsnegive?Herfamilytookherstupefactionfor the emotion natural to lier KCXat, thissnpreme hour jor, with Miss Patti as the Egyptian soprano-sfogato 1of-woman's life, and they hastened the preparations for But the Fabbri comes to the rescue to-night in thetheinarriage[ ThewholeRaym>ndifamilyweresoon Traviala. Withavoiceanythingbutconsumptiveincollected at Pino Castle. Garibaldi came with all his its normal condition—with, in fact, a Lungal puissancefriends, snd a second mairbge wassoon negotiated be-tween' Garibaldi's son and a younger sister (caid tobe a beauty 1 of Josephine Raymondi. ..All at once,and the day before the time appointed for the mar- the business of the scene which never nods; with manyriage, Miss Josephine fell sick. It was hoped she wouldbe better the! next day; on the .contrary, she becameworse; two—three—four—five days came and went:Miss Josephine became worse. The physician said itwasnothingserious.,and;.^t,lasttbefatherofthebridedetermined to make ber dress, and have her carried to. degree.the altar; thje marriage was to be celebrated, in thechapel in hi? castle. It became necessary to take somemeasure- of this sort, for all the newspapers in Europewere makingjinquiries on the Bubject, and several per-sons from remote cities had quitted. their ordinary avo-cations to actjas Garibaldi'8 groomsmen, (among themthem Mons. jj^ex/Dumas) and tliey could not bo ex- better here than his Russian opera, which did not suc- ticket, and will not be persuaded to allow bin nime toniahtthe house was attacked and broken Open, the women were outraged, and in the melee the husbandbride declared she felf worse than ever, and. begged herfriends to excuse her from tecking any share in the fes-tivities prepared in honor of the occasion, and took tobed. The wadding paity .was, under these ciroum-stances, gloomy, as of cour-s'o, and soon broke up, leav-ing. Guribaldilalone with bis new family. He could as in literature, dramatic characterization, and theano3yi sent, so it slated, by one of his friends.adjuvants that,the general ear seizes hold of it and 1-1RE KN WEST THIRTEENTH STREET. TMUEE l'tll-St. Luke's Hospital,,in Fifty-fourth street, andwaaat- tendedtobythephysicianincharge,whosaysthather recovery iaimpossible. Assoon asthe contractor heard the result of his carolossnees, ho disappeared, but afterward Bent word that he would deliver himself upFirst Dint'let . . .Second District..Third DfKtri.t...;Fourth Duti'iet.; •*•••• Filth HiMtTict....Seventh Dl»trict. EiKhthDictiict...M th DlatriitTweJfth DUtrtct....Tills Hoiet, »o constituted, w «FOUND DuowNED.-^-An unknown man was found / iuUtowateryesteiduy.atthefoot ofEighth straeVE. U. Thedeceasedwasapp*mutlyamiddle agedman, wasofmediumh'ght,baddaikhair,andwasdresaei inslate*colored linen troueei-s,check coat, andblack:The prospects for new operas are small.writea so considerately that he is not to be dependedupon for a gushing supply; and it may he soberlyque*t'oned if his last work, Dinorah, would do Mr. Ottendorfer baa withdrawn from the Electoralthat for the stage; but the stumbling block is in musicTHEDEMOCRATICFUSION..took place betjweeh father and child. G/tribaldf quietly and Hubbard, were in intermittent session all day about the apartment, setting the furniture on fire andquitted thehouse endwentjto hia.retreat in the island Saturday inRoom No.:5Si) of theSt.Nicholis. Cag-' ignitiiig theclothing of Mary. Tie poor woman, en-of Caprera. s Josephine quitted her father's house next ger made various statements aa to their authority, one veloped in flawsj ran screaxing into tho yard, butday, and fled with her seducer to Switzerland, where before The neighbors could extinguish the ikraes sbe •they now are., Who soht^the anonymous letter? It that they could put a Republican on their ticket if they waa.frightfully burned. Tbe brothers were also muchcould not have been a^iiend for a friend would have sent it before, not after marriage. It is said 'twas s«nt by eome Italian-devoted to Austria, or some adherent e.t.Miiz//iui, to fever Garibaldi with military frenzy, and keep him from the quiet of a home and wife."A WOMAN FATALLY INJURED nv A RI.AST—TUKCOKTKACTOR RUNS A W A Y .—By the carelessness of thecontractor having in charge the removal of some rocksin Eighty-third street, between Second andThirdaven-ues,ablastwaBletoil'onSaturdaywithoutdue(eaU,and sitiontotheRepublieannoruinatiouB,w<>prop^M)thatvourCoin-chose, and another that their powers were very injured,, and were so panic stricken, that they couldRoom 2Sro. Y2. W e are enabled to give the text of ing was inconsiderable. Officers Hutchinson, .lieary,>••*.•••1. - *WAtTKR, Ghfirk.JOHN T. HENRY, Chairman. MSotOMOX,Secretiry. "';',M. SOLOMON, Secretary.butwhatwehavebeencomoelltdtoraisethefundsia-TheVolunteersh*Idameetingattheirrooms lastfir^t, let tho election go as it will.Mr. Ottendorfer, of ihe^Sfaals-Zeitung,has insisted thatiftheCommitteewouldnot,takertepstomakeit clear how the ten so-called Bell-Everett Electors wererendered a verdict found drowned.•' ,. *.400. d(:••%>• ,.^}|^^^^^i^^ia^#^j^ •-mmmmThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•3*.-J.^www.fultonhistory.com••nmt^^^ammi^l^imtimmuam' 