 ruk•/tktIWI«W. Po*mmmp*mm******mi4S^^XVSfa* ^" (V kA <WBKA•/«K*average 14-8£c., ud T4T do. were fold at 14*6*0 a perhapsth*mostefficiently conducted dapail commonsen?e dpractical disc-usetonintheir putregularlyintothetransatlantic tradeasths people's money, arelaying their plans fox1474e , and JA do st Domingo at it'it. a 13c. Freights ment of the city government, and his dismissal meetings for benefit of suffering humanity. moat availabls pttrpose to which she can I f grand jobs, and are already making their war-•hip's baga, u d Sour at 4a., and acme bopa at %A. par lb. prise on the part of the public.^BT^MIAr^auiJ^mtntmtjlBd /n"*jst ami tj/Mtftfipr d"* At. world, 4/ mmd. willThe Ortsls of the Presidential ilaesttou— ViseIse«M1stBlnw%urk.The results of the Maine September State election strongly foreshadow the triumph of the republicans la the great national contest of No- vember. The chances for Lincoln's defeat areNEW POLITICAL OBGAOTZATIOX IN TURKEY— DKMOCBATUGOVRRNMRNTAMOSOTHEARMENI- ANS.—In another column will be found an inte- resting letter from an Armenian gentleman of Constantinople.It becomes the 'citizens, therefore, cot to be too much engrossed with the Presidential elec- ThissteponthepartoftheJuarezgovern- ernportItisstatedtobetheintentionofthstionandthesplutterwhichthenewspaperssreE Uvpmtdfo*-ate*****ass%•»•AXUOSMT O f aTtrsTC, FoarteaaU a*—IrmaRASL. UABOBM. Afternoon aad tVeninji.ment is a very important one. and wilLjtend tomaking about fusion, but to keep a keen eye onWW"momOtuZ'emit Wnimmim, « / - r onitjMrcourts at Vera Qruz have declared the Spanish bark Maria Coatjepcion a legal prize.much doubt whether that result can be accom- plished by putting her on any line to a South-. » • . AT* »—IXAUA* Ora>True to their early pcllcy. the Turks ignore* Spanish bark that sailed from Havana, ostensibly to make a regular communication with a n y will nave a more corrupt Legislature and a more reduced to a very narrow margin. Vermont and the political existence of their Christian sub- for Galveston, with supplies for Miramou's army Southern city either desirable o r profitable. profligate Corporation than has ever yet cursedprime at $14 12'. a $14 25. and choiceuponwhichhisremovalisdemandedhsvs,sfttfWs suggest to the Pharmaceutical Con-KEW YORK HERALD. •t t i l 60 Sttgar ww active, with sa*• of all. very little of a •ubetaatial character about1.100 » 1 1 0 0 bhds , 3 106 b o x * and 11 MO bags Ma J A NII eoROoi mmnrnBfT, nil*m rate*grvenlaanothercolumn CoffeewassteadyBUTf* A!*P F«WM«IWt '^h* puolic sale efSsntoe proved a good one, and showedWJ ad v tuce of %c The catalogue embraced about 4 500 Mr. Craven ia a man of Integrity and expert-•rrsci *. w, COBHBK or JUSSAC MXP retro* BTS. begs, of which S.7I8 bags were sold at 14c. a 1 5 \ a , enee, who has been for s long time an offloer ofBOWESTTHEATRE,Bowery.-ffunu'if*x*~Mic«uK eeevntobecarryingeverythingbeforethem. TheStateswhichmaydefeathimsrePenaayI-SpsnishnavalcommanderatVeraCruzmadea couldobtslninNorfolkoranyotherSouthernLA0BA Movftftt HOTBOWERf BIU-OM» foam.THBATXB, Ho. 4M Broadway - m vania. New Jersey and New York but it is pro- bable that upon N e w York alone the wholeperemptorydemandforherLiberation,and in reply the Juarez government remittedI D U m .or FAV >.—nw» tof her, which | are said to hsve estab- lished her complicity in the belligerent movements of the Mexican parties. Since thenlonial possessions—no small advantage to anyEnglish line o f ateamers. W e think i t verylikely, then, that the company will see the im-portance of running the Great Eastern perma-aently to New York, should the idea of pattingber into the Australia trade be abandoned, as itveryprobablywillbe,ifitisnotalready. The Bids for Use PatUr Telegrapht»-met—Ttoe tirent Kavaterai a Wepublishin another columna highlyin- Trade wrltA Ewrope—The PstSe «rSAjtmnre AMEBICA* vosmsn. *****"»& •Mia*—Jmin AAB ttu Bnamaa*—uivw*HaE, « n Broadway.- BETAJTW ifnrmminA 60.-CHA W ROAST BSSV.weightofthebattlemaydepend.Assuming, then, that the responsibility restsupon New York, how will she meet it? Against the slavery agitating schemes of the republican party there is a popular majority in this Statetion of the Turkish government from the peo-ple, and are generally the notables of the dif-ferent communities. They are called by theare to administer justice, and who are to fill other important offices o f trust aad emolument.itolerablyactive,wtthengtgemootsorabout60,000 'hi it, tooiitp• bags,atl$r a lS>»c., aod tourWiMJO* SALOOW. Bioadway.-aoojar * C i W u A bard upon fifty thousand. But the materi-»»mm*~BB*-s#*vsSnararsscB-BsTTOjesuCauros-Bn**- _ _ _ _ _ als which make u p tils majority a r t the Porte, but were self constituted author!documents to bis superiors.But this case is said to form an important partofthe claimswhichSpainisnowactivelypress- ing against Mexico, and which she is deter- mined to enforce as soon as the cool weather sets in, if an arrangement is not previouslynotelectedbythepeople,norappointedby NATIONAL THEATRE, Chatham •treet.—BBSRjSBasni composed of diverse political factions, aad ties. Theamirahs,ornotables,oftheArmenianWalker, site., Ac.Waasmuno*, Sept 11. lttf. THS BIDS roa van ractno m a m u m OOSTTBACT.TheOwaard audi atoamhtp Africa, Captain Shannon, will tear* this port to-day for LiverpoolTheEuropeanmailswinclooeinthisoitythisatorn- U>$at ateTen o'clock.The •caonuar KMBOS or I D HDUXB win bo poblistted at t«a o'clock la MM awraiaf. Slnfto coploa, la wrap- Kara, ate cents.The contents of the Braonus KDitioai or n HBKALD will combtie the newt rocolTOd by a t l i ' d tolegraptt at bae o(B«t dttrtnf lbs prtriona wook, aad up to the hoar of publication.The Mews.By the arrival of the bark Maraval at this portoccasion, and it is to be hoped and expected thattheirviewsandrecommendationswillbethe comeanddisbursements,butdependsupon signal for that grand rally of all the conserva- him for future advancement. The salary of ais over. , the bark Sarah Park, of New York, committed an —i '""THE FATE OF:WALKER.—The advices from offenceagainstthemunicipallawsofBremerha- Honduras, by way of Havana, inform us that venandwasarrestedandsenttoprisonbytheau- the commander of the British steamer Icarus thorities. The captain was compelled to employa substitute at a cost of some twelve dollars whilebadorderedWalkertosurrenderTruxilloto thevesselwasinport,andsubsequentlyhadto the legitimate authorities, and he had accord-yesterday we have Turks Islands dates to the 25thnit. The salt market was unusually dull, only frankly, freely and cordially accept and recom-SenatorSewardwasatMadison,Wisconsin,yes- cometonothing.terday, where he made a speech, of which we give This is the precise point of danger.It is beextravagant desires of the customer, tempts thesave already seen tow. when one of their boatsPBFABfjDaT or STATS, 1 WASHISGTOS , Sept. 8,1800. JC N. Pssmutrcs, ESQ., New York:—Sis—Yow communication of the 28th tilt, oomplainlngthey are not united. The general plan of a union among them baa been arranged,teresting and detailed sccct at from our special correspondent of the return voyage of theR_-lam* Lio*—WIZ_U> or taaCAjmwaUBT MUSIC HALL. US Broadwar*"_K_"TRIPLE SHEET.[few Yew*, We*»ee_»w, Copt. 1», I860.MAILS FOR ITJBOPE.f aa Mow Yack Herald— Kaltlon fur Baltimore forPresident andVice President, toattachhimself to a patron,andtherebyse-aided.Douglas.NorthandSouth,justifyit InnoneThe Aldermanic Committee appointed to don- of these electioneering discourses has he spoken prove stepping stones to his own future great-cially excepted by law. The papers enclosed in your let-NEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1860.-TRIPLB>Jyeaornsy,willbedetermined. TheAlbany Begency State Committee are to meet upon the matter of the coalition ticket on Friday, in this city,so that they mayactbyauthorityfrom the decree expected this d a y from Jones'are to address the people onthis momentous cured a position, he next endeavors to procuredifficulties in the Mexican Gulf, is concentrating a large force there, and Mr. McLaae, our Minis-Wood. Mr. Douglas and Mr- Johnson, the not the means either of self maintenance or candidates of one wing of the democracy at promotion. If he has been so fortunate asIlarrtaburg, Pa., bids 129 000 per annua, for ten yean,. Orville Clark, of Sandy Hill, N. Y , and J EL Bar man, of Detroit, $25,000, for ton years, B. ¥ Flcklin, of St. Jeeeph, makes three bids; the first, $35,000 per annum, for ten years; the second, $40,000. and to transmit all government Sespstsh esatadollaranda.halfforthefirstteawords,withthe usual deduction on those of greater length, third, $40, 000, accompanied vilh a proposition torunapotry ex preen after the firet five hundred miles of the Mae ' j finished, at the usual telegraph rates, until the line ia coat pitted—tor this, however, the act makes ao proriiioa.The bid of Mr. Sibley, President of the Western Hue* Tc legraj h Company, represents the interests of the Califor- nia companies, as well s s his own. These parties are fully competent to bnild the Ut-3, and of course bare moch great- er pecuniary interest than any other parties can have, b e cause it would connect with and furnish bosiasss to their present lines. But they declare that they should lose ms ney by building it. If it is awarded to them, it must be upon the ground of inadequate responsibility la other bidders.There were present at the opening of the bids] Messrs Sibley, Klcklln, Jamea S. Graham aad A W. Bee. The lastnamedisconnectedwiththePlacervUieand St Jo- seph line.The Secretory of the Treasury will probably make hts decision this week.Mr. Maan has received letters statlag thxt the Great EssterawillsailforNewYorkaboutthemtddieofOct© ber. The selection of New York is determined by the passengers, who prefer to arrive there; bat she win im- mediate)ycometoHamptonBeads,andiftheSouthwlU sustain the enterprise she will be a regular direct tradero Europe.ORAM) OiJSSJIIBICT OV TBB ABOUnOXISIS.There are proofs of a grand conspiracy of the abolition of a seaman belonging to the American bark Bnrah Park, ists throughout the North to obtain possession oT the ha»beenreceived. federal government, in order to tree the Caitoatom of the boat Honduras has no nary to In resiy I have to inform yon that the coursepanned by the Uaited States Consul at Bremen States ss a nation from what they call the "op-alliance, marching forward now in the confi dence of victory.the coast with eighty men.We shall not be surprised if this action onmend to the several conservative parties con-The sum advanced by no means meets the ne- captured. But in forcing Walker to evacuatebeen numerous, but the demand continued lively. let Mr. Douglas play the foolish part of the dog dit, though each article is passed into the ac- A committee of the Tammany Hall democracy in the manger, and all the well directed efforts count as if cash had been paid on the verycross over to Ruatan. whence they can easily getbacktoNewOrleans. Itisinsuchanen- terprise as this, and not in being cooped up in a fort, that such men as those who are withCaptain Pendleton referred the case to the State Department, and in reply received the followingcommunicationfromMr.Cass,declar- ing the action of the Consular Agent and Unitedof the Eighth district last evening nominated J. of onr conservative fallow-citizens for a power- Ars-nitus Page for Congress. ful combination sg>inst the republicans willday.Thisapparentadvantage,combinedwiththe Walkershowthestuffthatisinthem.Ws StatesConsulatBremenstrictlylegal:—a sketch in another column.The Prince of Wales at Toronto yesterday joined lleved extensively that Mr. Douglas is opposed banker to injudicious advances, thus involving npset at sea, one of them swam all night sea-a yacht club, laid a corner stone of a statue of bis to any recognition, in any way, of the rival de- mother,plantedatreeinabotanicalgarden,visitedthe University and the Normal School, reviewed and that, rather than contribute any aid aadward, and in the morning brought the schoonero! the exaction of three months' extra wages, in the esseaider thecharges oftheMayor against Meaara. to the true line ofargument, thewaysand ness. Intimethebankersbecamewealthyand findsafety,andperhapsafriendlysail,upontheLEWISCA83.Tappan aad Craven continued their investigationyesterday. All the members were present. Be- means fox defeating this sectional republicanplies were read by both gentlemen, and the com- mittee adjourned till Monday next. We publish Mr. Tappan'a reply, and several extracts fromMr. Craven's.• "|If this be the law, as no doubt it is, then it isa very hard one for ship masters and owners, as the vulgar and violent fallows who made his nomins-trta-tacted considerable routine basmeas. A re- but whether Mr. Douglas himself is now in theportoftheproceedingsisgiveninanothercolumn.The Board of Ceaneilmen met last evening and field to good faith as a Presidential candidate,receivedahugebatchofreportsfromtheseveral orasanallyofMr.Lincolninthedisguiseofapaper was referred to the Committee on Ordi- into C«n<jrm. The only chance that we are nan< e*. The contract for regulating and gradingThirdAvenue, fromEighty-sixthtoHiEoty-aecond awareoitoffMr.Douglas tosecureasolitaryelectoral vote from this election is through this street, aud from Ninety-third to 110th street, wa* !Steamships. Many, if not all of them, have aregu-publics. I would rather go to war, and, as long lar sjstcm under which the officers and crew ence of a law sanctioning such a course is aB7TBCT O r TBB BAJ.VB ILSCTIOH.The aews from Maine is rerj satisfactory to the repah-licans,butdoesnotexactlyaccordwiththeprofessedex- pectations of other parties.————————__—^__» i The Maine State JSlectloa.PoaiLA*D, Sept. 11, ISM. 213townsgiveWnahbura, republican, 48,147; .Smart,committees, which were laid over. Mr. Lent sub-mittedenordinancemakingprovisionforthebetter daywhether Mr. Douglas prefers the certain conitmction of sinksaad cesspools, and directing election of Lincoln to the possible success that they should connect with thesewer. The ofBreckinridgeoxLanebycastingtheelectiontice, and it should not be permitted to remainWith Mr. Douglas actively co-operating in this New York Uniun movement, the State,the Presidency, the government, and all the great interests of this now united confederacy, may be rescued from the disunion touch of the republL Co.:jesterday.butinconsequenceoftheabsence canparty;andthusMr.DouglasmayestablishTh* motion for tejunctiou against the Gridiron BAi:»»y was to have come on in the Supremewith passengers, twcHnirds women and chil- line is proceeding with equal rapidity, by way annual convocation of the American Pharma- dren, aud upon examination found a few cork of Los Angeles, to San Francisco. Within the ceutical Association met yesterday at the Uni- life preservers stowed away In almost the last present year, in all probability, the eastern and versity Buildings in this city, and will proba- place that a landsman! would think of looking western shores of the continent will be in imme- blyremainseveraldaysinconsultation. We forthem. Ontheforwarddecktherewasa diatecommunication,andNewYorkwillbeofciuinselwaspostponed. The. argument on the stayofmaudamus against tie thtoaspraiseteOjOOOtoRecord, was also adjougn>|•^•favQf the ahacnTa of coonawi.The Police CoaaMotMt*. *t tfjftir s a i a ^ y * .asubstantial claimtothesuccession. Otherparty; but in every instance his grievances against the Breckinridge democracy have been the burden of his eloquence. Mr. Breck- inridge has been pursuing the same unprofita- ble course of recrimination, u p c party tests,tion over Seward did at Chicago. The proofs are thiikea-and they should petition Congress to repeal it, ing, thanks to some leaky rogues among the plotters. Thecompetitor. In other words, we shall know to-as I have a man and a musket left, would carryit on." By recent advices we learn that theRussianMinister at Constantinople took part tosuitthecaseofevery steamboat engagedin inforceasinglemonth. with the Armenians in the late quarrel with the river and lake navigation. And the factthem: certainly nothing sufficiently strong •THE GREAT EASTERN ra THE TBUISMTLACTIC anxious to fill them. In December there is to TRABSL—Itappearstobenow settledthatthe besaelectionforAldermen andCouncilmeo Great Eastern ia to make another trip to this and the aspirants for these, hungering aadbase hissummary removal from officeupon.is a class of these Ilayahs who superseded the esse was pending in the Mexican courts, thePatriarch,controlledthenationalaffairs,andbecametherealintermediariesbetweenthePorte and their own people. These ytnterme-diaries owe their position to the isolated condi- to him copies of papers found on boardport Then,again,bysailtogtoandfromNew York she would be placed in immediate con-Turks, voojoohs; by the Greeks, archons; and we have not beard anything mors about the by the Armenians, amirahs. They were case, as the Spanish commander remitted theHEWS FR6M THfc NATIONAL CAPITAL,nation are generally the sarafs, or bankers.The business of a banker in Constantinopleand from the Douglas democratic festival in does not consist in discounting notes, dabblingJones'Wood to-day the ratification question, In government securities, or speculating on made. Ourgovernment,inviewoftheprobableGreat Eastern, showing her complete mechani- The Secretory or theTreasury today opened the bids'Change; they have their own system. The Turk is a helpless being as regards the manage- ment of hisfinancialaffairs. Not desiring to en- gage in productive pursuits, his ambition leadsAN INTERESTING CASE FOR SHIP MASTERS—We referred a short time age to a very curious case ter to thatrepublic,is preparing toreturnat an seriously affecting our merchant marine servicehis banker in such embarrassments as will |Cuba,hemayembark,asdidCrittenden,and terareherewithreturned.I am, sir. your obedient servant,tional rights of the elaveholdicg Slates. Seward, Greeley and Weed are mere tools ef the actual conspirators, while ihey taccy themselves leaders. Let Lincoln only be eitcted, and the true powers will then shew themselves,It appears from the communication to which movement is made by the proper authorities to vice, which is miserably managed for both mas- Mr. Burns, of Mllwaakee, who was lost on the Lady lo the Board a detailed account of all the moneys and all such wretched electioneering clap-trap, ceeded in enforcing the popular will and estab- land and ocean steam navigation. The law pro- of the latter exceedingly difficult It is certain- applicants for what they thought the vacant M-—hnutilrAt the regular meeting of the Board of Supervi- sors,heldyesterday,theComptrollertransmittedandabstractions,andconventionproceedings,wereferthattheArmenianshaveatlastsuc-enforcethelawofCongressinrelationtoin-tersandseamen,renderingtheprocurementElgin,wasonlyDeputyMarshalforthatdistrict:BOtheandsecuritiesunderhiscontrol. Theyamountto inthefaceofapowerfuladversary,whocan lishingaconstitutionalgovernmentforthem- videsthateveryveesjblengagedinthecarryingofatotalof$1.045,62802. ThebillofHon.J.onlybebeatenbyunionandharmonyamonghavebeenrathertooquickinbeggingtobeputInadead lyagreathardshipthatashipcaptainshouldbe man'sshoes. TheMarshallives.compelled, not only to lose the services of one THS r a n or van nusrstBBs.whichwerecommendedtheotherdayforthe lifepreserverssufficientforthesafetyofallsettlement of the Eastern question, inasmuch as persons who may be on board. The existence but to pay the absentee three months' extra feeling is that he and bis myrmidons deserve to ba dealtof this law has been j almost entirely ignored by wages besides. Nothing is easier than for a sea- with according to the law of nations.the Armenians are gradually preparing to take owners and masters of steamboats engaged in TBB PEB81DKST A M ) TBB ELEri 10*8.mantogetcommittedtoprisonforsomeslight TheletterofMr.Brooks,purporting tcbsaddressedto navigating onr waters. Since the fearful exam- offence in a foreign port, if the master or the the President, is considered bogus A Bsll man wouldMcleod Murphy, Chief Engineer of the HarlemRiverSurvey,wasorderedtobepaid,andthecommittee reported the work as being rapidlypushed forward, with an ultimate certainty of its other conservatives opposed to this republican nutcesa. Several irinhitjaaa were staved and bills party of abolition and disunion crnsadt :-s. passed,andfinallythefcoerdadjournedtomeetselves. Thesemovementsseemtoforeshadowthe accomplishment of some such plan as that passengers shaU be furnished with lifeboats andthe Douglas democracy, the Breckinridge de- mocracy,oldlinewhigs,Americans,andallofhiscrewbynofaultofhisown,asinthiscase, Walkeraadhisfateexcitenoattentionhere. Thepossessionoftheirownportionof theSultan's The speech of Mr. Daagias to day will ena- dominions. But what will Russia say toonMondayatelevenA.M. bleustodeterminenotonlywhetherthereis arrangement!,TaeEmpenorNlchtlitiThe Board of Aldermen metyesterday,sad stillalivingprospectforthedefeato'fLincoln, useofthismemorabledeclaration:—"Iwuliot havebeenbetter managedonboardtheocean thusabandonhisdutytohisship,and receive elections—theverythingMr.Bellprideshimselfupon,permitthebreakingupofTurkeyintosmallrethreemonths' wages fornothing. Theexist-Protestantsabouttheburying ground atCon-stantinople, offering his support to the Pa-triarchandacknowledgingasort of religiousis that ths number of lives sacri- Oca TELEGBAFH LINES TO THE PACIHC.—awardedtoJamesCunninghamfortlt,4l>>47.ThejcoaUtionN*w\of*ticket,wherebybemayse-BoardconcurredwiththeAldermeninin.tructiagcurefillet:.aelectoralvotes.Thisisanofferthe City inspector to prepare the neees*a;y propo- which, it is hoped, he will not refuse; but as itssal* for rleaning the streets for thenext five years; acceptance will involve a great change in the manifest his sympathy with the Armenians tiring which wRl come of itself. If they pro- had congratulated the directors, by lightning, All the republican members of Congress are elected. ab>o topay the AssistantHealth Wardens appointed independent programme which he has thusfart>y the Health CoinimeakMsera. Messrs. Lent and pursued, we await the haao with some solici- sTutckpeystrenuouslyopposedthepassageofthetude. 7•resolution, afiinning that these men were appointed wabout authority, and the city wee asked t o p a y them three doUara a dayfordoing nothing. The Beard,thenadjournedtffl Thursday.".hibitvention the propriety of soliciting the State Le- gislatures to create an inspector of pharmacy, withpowerto lookintoalltheboxesandbot- tles of the apotlecariea to see if they deal trulyasce The work of laspect'OB should be com- menced Immediately,kinds are being carried on to g e t possession of them. A s a there sre seatsHn the Legislature vacant nad many who want to plunder are veryor falsely in their profession. Let ns have some country, and ths probability is thst the will be thirsting not after righteousness, but after thefromoffice,nowawaitingconfirmationbytat NEW COITPU(JATIONSBETWEEN MEXICOAND devoted. Itmsybethatshewillpaybetter gainswiththewardpoliticiansandtheharpies •tSt lO.vi To lonrtnn «heat wat takea at lid,la Aldermen,hasbeenthesubjectofnosmallsur- SPAIN.—Thetelegraphicnewsfrom Mexico,by runningbetweenthis countryandsomeportia whoarewatchingforthepreywithwhichtaeyway of Havana, brings intelligence that* the England than in any other service; but we very expect the new Corporation to supply them.directors to send her to Hampton Roads; but itcomplicate still more the relations between Is exceedingly doubtful whether the South can the men who are quietly stealing Into tae losalSpain and Mexico. The Maria Goncepclon is afurnish the monster ship with sufficient cargooffices For If they do not take good care theyMainehavesettledthequestionfortheNewjects,theItiyahs,butallowedthemtomanageduringhisstegejofVeraCruzlaatspring,andWedonotthinkitcan.IfshefctoruntoanytheStateordisgracedthecity.Itisveryim-England States. There i* no hope tor the Unionconservative forces In that quarter. N o r c a nwe give then any encouragement from the re-cent popular campaigning demonstrations o f their religious sympathies. This civil officer of or the steamers' Miramon and Marques de la the great West. From Ohio to Minnesota the the Armenians was styled Patriarch. But theft Habana by ©urj own naval forces. While her swarming processions of the flag of Linoolatheir own affairs through a representativewas captured by (the Mexican government in theAmerican port a t all, New York i s the proper oneforher.Hereshecancommandvastly more trade i n freight—this being t h e grand centre of the imports and exports of the coun- try—besides a passenger traffic whichshe neverportant that the public should look after the Presidentialelectionandtheschemerswhoare moving heaven and earth and the place below to defeat the well known wishes of the people for union against revolutionary black republi- canism. Butwhiledoingthisletthemnot leavetheotherundone,butkeepssharplook out for the men who are to have the control ofchosenfromthehigherclergy,withtheidea vicinityofthatr|ort.shortlyafterthecapture that they could be easily governed throughearly day to hi? post. We may have lively which occurred at the port of Bremerhaven.him to aspire to civil employment But he has times in the Southern waters before the winter The facts were these: A seaman belonging to npos despatches of greater length, rheodore Adams, ofa banker, to whom he not only entrusts his in-tive elements of the Empire State necessary to public official \B only paid at the end of the ingly evacuated the town and marched down sail without the seaman—the authorities refus-rescue it from this overaiiadowing abolition holy month of actual service, and is often postponedfor several months, so that pressing wants com-the part of the British commander saves the Inthislightwemaytrulyregard thispoliti- whoisauthorizedtodrawthesalaryandalsoto livesofthe filibuster andhis followers. Had cal meeting as the crisis of the campaign, and collect other incomes, should he have any, as he contented himself with lying in the harborthe chief orator of the da; as the man of all collateral security for advances, upon which he and preventing the landing of supplies and re- men charged with the responsibility of turning Is entitled to charge the moderate interest of cruits for Walker while Guardiola gathered bis face in the right direction. Let Mr. Douglas twenty per cent a year. But the bankers' pro- forces around bim and starved or compelled himfits are not confined to this high per centage. to surrender, the whole set might have beenline,andmanypanswereagainmaking.Quota-theircommoncauseagainstLincoln,andthe promisethematter.Ifthefunctionarywantscoursethatwillsavehimselfandmen.Theyoneofouroldestandmostexperiencedconsu-tions were 7Jc. a 8c. per bushel; export duty Jc. "Little Giant" may give an impulse to thisTheMsraralalsobringsadvicesfromBarbadoesto acarpetorapipe,ajeweloraslave,acayik maymarchalongthecoast,wherethenativesthe 18th alt. The health of the island was good. movement which will save the State, and thus or carriage, the banker is commissioned to will not dare to resist or attack them, and, whenThe arrivals of cargoes of American produce had defeat the common enemy. Onthe other hand, make the purchases, which he obtains on cre- tired out, take some schooner or bungo and Upon returning to New York it appears thatpel him to ask the interference of a banker,6,488 bushels having been shipped since the lastreport. The weather during the week had been cerned the joint electoral ticket proposed in cessities of his employer, and hence they com- the fort he has obliged him to take the only pealed to our Consul at London, Mr. Campbell,himself in difficulties from which he can onlymocratic ticket of Breckinridge and Lane, escape by the promotion of the functionary, down to rescue h » companions from the bot-whichbringswithItincreasedrevenues. Tans comfort to this ticket, he will not only con- (he interests of banker and official becomethe troops, held a levee, listened to a number ofaddresses,andattendedabail intheevening—a senttotheelection ofLincoln,butwill labortolerablyharddayswork,weshouldsay.TheOr- toeffectit Wearesorrytogivecurrencytoange excitement appears to have altogether sab- this opinion; bat the campaign speeches of Mr. of his patron, and the other studiously involves | In order to escape a fate like that of Lopez in of extra wages in any case except those which are spe- as the chief defender, from his position, of the constitu •identified; the one, from motives of self preser- [ guard ber coast, aqd as the English naval com- and the Consular Agent at Bremerhaven was probrium" of African slavery. One part of thisvation,endeavorstoacceleratethegoodfortunemander hasshown that he does not want strictly in accordance with the provisions of law, plot was the Covode inquisition, thereby to assail and ao disc-reticcary power has been given to thenection with Halifax and a l l t h e British c o - the public money in the State and the city, wascal success.for the cons.ruction and use by the governaiect of a tKe- gTaj'b line to the Pacific. The proposal of Hiram Sibley, representing Urn Westers Union line, was in accordance with the minimum sum to the act of Congress, namely — 140.000 per annum, and three dollars for a single despatch of ten words, with the oraal proportionate deductioning to release him. It is the law that American consuls can claim three months' extra wages from thscaptainofanyvesselforeachoneof his crew who may leave the ship's service in a foreign port, and accordingly theConsular Agent at Bremerhaven demanded that amount from Captain Pendleton, of the Sarah Park, in which demand he was sustained by the American Consul at Bremen. The captain paid the money under protest, and on arriving in England ap-lar officials, who pronounced the demand of the ConsulatBremenunprecedentedandunjustWalkeronhishands,itisnotimprobablethat, Department,ortoconsularofficers,toremitthepayment hecharacterofthePresident,becauseheWMrwgardefinfluential, and naturally assumed the dignity Waters. of amirahs, availing themselves of their posi-tion to threaten the government and oppressthe people. In 1849 the latter attempted to tf the steamboat Lady Elgin is one that should any application, as they should also modify rators against the government sky high. resist this self constituted oligarchy, but in vain. be kept steadily before the public until some many other laws relating to our merchant ser- o m t a a s a i s s s car THS WBOKG SCXST.THE MASSACRE o^ LAKE MICHIGAN— PROTEC-TION FOR THE TRAVELLING PUBLIC.--The case or Congress should do so without waiting for deveJopements will blow Seward, Lincoln sad the conspi-pleaffordedbythelossoftheArctic,things serviceshouldbedisagreeabletohim,andhardlyblameMr.Buchananfornotinterferirgwithareassignedpositionsto theeventofdisaster. This plan might be adopted in a form modifieddirect encouragement to this mischievous prac-ficed In the latter; service is much larger Telegraphic communication between the Atlan- democrat, 35,026, Barnes, whig, 1,240, against m the same towns last year, Morrill, republican, 38£40. Smith,titanInoceansteam navigation, albeittherisk ticandPacificcoastsishasteningtocompletion democrat, 30,544. The republican majority isof the latter is by far greater. Many of thein a very encouraging manner. Our despatches 11,881, against 8,818 but year. IS an increasedsympathy with them, by repairing, after theinterview,totheArmenianchurchandper- officersincommandofoursmallersteamcraft yesterday announced that the line from vote of 14,609 there us a republican netforminghisdevotionsthere.WillhefollowasehopelesslynegligentTheythinkonlyofOmahaCity,NebraskaTerritory,wasopengainof3,065.TheaggregatevoteoftheStatewill reach 120,000—about 90,000 more than aut year. The re-out the policy of Iris late master, or continue to speed, and seem to imagine that safety is some to the federal capital, and the President turns confirm in every respect onr last night's estimate.when they attempt to regain their country and their independence? We shallhaveneverknowntheseself-styledlearnedbo- smallboatwhichmigljthaveheldadozenpeo- broughtwithinatewhours'distanceoftheme- wise, with the Douglas democracy and the dies to take up any practical question of their ple if it escaped the danger of swamping in tropolis of the Golden State.well abandon the unequal fight andyieldthe field to Lincoln.vide life preservers j and boats they take no upon the success of the enterprise. This line The republicans are celebrating their victory ia this pains to ascertain whether or not they are runs through Salt Lake Valley to the Pacific, city by a torchlight procession, illumination, Ac serviceableoracc<-.-;ible.Wehaveseena andisonlyoneoftwoorthreeincourseof TheWalkerFilibusters.Staten Island boat tompletely loaded down construction to California A more southerly BEFOSTW) FOBCg OP WALEBB'8 PABTT—BEIKPORCE-MEETS FRETAKWQ TO JOIN THS X^LUCSTSaS. NBW OBLBASH, Sept. 11,1«M.It is believed that the report by the Osoeola, mating that Gen. Walker's force had been reduced to twenty-five men, is incorrect. Walker was at Limasoa the SSth ult., with seventy six men, well provided. Capt. Salmon, of the British man-of-war Icarus, had declared his intention toUke Walker if possible. It is believed Walker will march to Nicaragua. A vessel from Ruatan, with provi-sions, clothing, nc, was expected to reach the mainland harassandcrippleeachother,wemayasberofthemembershavelong-windedessays steamboatsplyingdailybetweenthiscityand WoniiiWtwcarNov—Whilethenewspapers soon. ApartyoffiftyispreparingtoleavethiscitytoTHB APOTHROARIIS OJ COUNCIL.—The ninthBreckinridge democracy encouraged still to own accord; and in the presentinstance a num- "being launched. Neatly, if not quite, all theand papers to read, which would be mufh bet-join Walker.T h e N a t i o n a l H o n e E x h i b i t i o n . KAuaasoo, Mich,,8ept. 11,186ft.The national exhibition of horses commenced .ereday. It promises to be more than ever successful. Someadjacent points are likewise deficient in this of aljpartief are making a great noise about ter placed in the columns of the Apothecaries' respect; and when passengers travel In such fusiotVsnd Ute Presidency; arid the leaders areNo intelligent ana can consult the returns of Journal Now that there axe some two or three vessels it is at the imminent risk of their talking of naat'fng but' Breckinridge and Doug- netCourt,aadItiafiealPoiyertotheSecondthelateMaineelectionwithoutreachingthe hundredofthesegentlemenhere,gatheredfromlivts;forwhocan]tellatwhatmomentlasafpBellandLincoln,thesmallpoliticiansconclusionthatnothingbutthemostcordial allpartsofthecountry,weadvisethemtotakeXhecalamitymayhappen?Theonlyproper sWmakingafargreaterfussaboutthelocal ofthefinesthorsesinthecountryareonexhibition,•mong ailtheodds aadendsofDfctriei.C*w*t,afterwAJchtheyad*>niaed.A cuhooa case of alleged arson is undergoingmveasjpatfou by Fire Marshal Baker. A orSwjaasvnwdJa-obMillerhasbeenpaced arrest on suspicion of having wilfully set fire to hh> lNr«^saloon,atHo,iflOCaaalstreet,Torthean hnwCompany.The oftheaceesedhasalso detained as an accomplice inthe aflhir.Tt^aotlon market wan fir. faster** a * « „ Ktirt, with a better demand feeat Batasuna Th* > . w Ttw salesannbraoed about 3,000 bates, cjosiag, however, at a% cjhaafed pnesn.Tke ftrtifn news ba1 a deceasing et!sct upon the amr-k*t for brendstot!*. Onu&on aad uedinm fradta atS v!" and Western declined from 5c. to 10c. per barrel. neer of the Croton Aqueduct Department,^ub* rities, but thst an immediate and thoroughin- a spectator's purse. There is the office of City some time been betrotl. : • *n estimable young lady ofnnder consideration the important subject of theand legal course to pursue is to provide for it offices, and have all their wits employed in trying Flora Temple and Ethan Allen among the number. Two readiness with which many members of task before it happens. The case of the Lady Elgin to secure the State and city plunder for them- thousand people were on the ground to-day. notwith-kctioneoftheCentral States,and bodywill sell to anybodysixpence worthof isonefromwhichweshouldall take warning. selves. Thepublicattentionisturnedtowards standingtheram.Jj Haw Yotk, opposed to the "irre- gixychnine er other deadly poison, without in- Hag proper discipline been preserved on that the struggle for the ascendency of republican-T h e B c t o n W e e k l y , B a n k S t a t e m e n tBasra*,Sept.11,1800.. . r r $37,661.TOO 64,558.600 $8804007'a38;006&483 500le^'foe7341000^ct," canpreventtheinauguration artate conflict with oar electiona o f November.quiry,andwithout anydistinctivepreparation of the subetauce that will so readily cause death*. Let them devise some method for chang-_ ,. , _York may torn the ft* o f ^ b ^ .ccalitton dwpends upon the Z S ^ ^ ing that readiness with which members of theirsaved. As it is, more than three hundred men, women and children have gone to their longroyal for the federal loaves and fishes.SpecieDuo from other banks i'ue to other banxs*****Circulatkm.lastoday./* u u sThe political sharpers are taking accounts, the victims |of cupidity and negli- of this bustle to accomplish theirTHS CASK OF THUltoAmk—we ask % attention of our readers tothe sworn *t&tement of Mr. Craven, Chief &»,, tem of adulteration of medicines, so largelyr,.'tactreatthecuaceasion.including,freesateslure lkhedinanotherpartofthispaper,whichwas andmanyaphysicianlosesreputation,becausewaters will be nude at lance, and that the own-this city, Miss Gray, ami "-•h locked forward to a spee iy Judge,andtheofficeofRecorder,andtheoffice andnappyunion. Whenit«aaascertainedthatMr.Den- of Surrogate, and the fat office ot Register, ning could not possibly survive, at the mutual request oi bim and his betrothed, and with the consent of the parents worth probably some ¥10,000. to be run for in of both, they were marriod, Rev. Mr. Carson performingthe solemn and impre*>lve ceremony by the betUios- ofdfr. November,anduponthesetherearecastm.vnvithe,1y,D">n1*0 "ft»eh'WeirroompW"dfr*mtnoapresented to the investigating committee of the io aa*«tict of sates. i\tx was heary, with sates Board of Aldermen yr+tefday. It will be seen»„ . t >arrive. Corn was dull and lower, with a mode 4>-.-a-;;:4i«2&%112»,ml ofsewthe rascally apothecary who puts up the pre-KkSlieve they could also find another fertilefieldA WIDMXG ATAOBAIB Ban—Mr. R. G. Denning, of Harrlsburg, Pennsylvania, who was injured on the Penn- sylvania railroad last Tharcday, died the same night.example of the Lake JMichigan massacre will of discussion and practical reform in the sys- not be lost sight of by toe United States autho-% ..»; was I earv, and SB. s 4c, per bushel cheaper, bat practised. There is many a poor patient dies, spection of all the steamboats navigating onrthe pickpocket watches his opportunity dur-profession become almost accessories before thefact of murder in so many instances. We be- gence. W e earnestly (hope that the frightfulagainst the State and city treasury, asboss,andmeansofsafety provided according isminthenationalcouncils,oritsoverthrowby tolaw,manymoreIvesmight have been thecombinedhostsofconservatism—thebattle Loansanddiscountsing a riot in the streets to appropriate The Rarrubusg TOegn\\ pays —The deceased had forCapital stock charge•djentfor tV dr-g ti„. M,i f., p ( 3Untitled Documentwfcbed to ex-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069t.bf |" -f :•:• »•:•?. *b*rJ 1= sue of vita! imnort., ,. •tb<-trtrt*. and the devoted'jnd<> nr ..n K,. —.-i•.«<-is will be compelled jo comply with the pro• •firipUon has substituted some inactive ingre- vi. Ion- of the law. ThLre should be no delaywww.fultonhistory.com 