iTitoMaj.controversy.wasnsgatlred,25 againstnmSmith and Rmsr. Pennsylvanto, (Rep.,)over tbefrom the should be admitted as toeplctedmense masswas held to Sanmeettog riiiilwiau'lTOL.IX—!fO.9879. ^SOM WASHINGTON.NEW-TORK,SATURDAY,APRIL21. 1880.imAnoinanfmoN0?themm.shall designato.tkem to whom be lafeirodflav. Walker. TVoB tif VonttiCvHen.1 <t'l .^ IroikiriCAi. spkcvi.a.tio«is.to tk* Vcw'ToA TlmM. WuoMNi, Frid»y, AjfM M.8a«Arrived 5th, ahip Ztpkyr fam'^'!.jir> -'i'.-TTBjmhlIMiyatehl..o..a.d1 a»r.e. eA-nMt.i1t.l.eJd t..o.[ inil(d,Mh,steaaeresUcaJU«(brPanaaB,jeante; .MUkMvOat tke bulBeM ef the former witli Mr' Btaam wu oa a dlCerent Mbjactlb. Buck fare only a Teital reaponae to Mr. Wai-stamped Ohio last Fall for yoo, aad emigrated laat Fovcmber. Be bpa no laperior in talente or moralworth in the Territory, and was persuaded to accept the office if tendered. Tbis recommendation was theprincipal potote on toe New-York Central, and otoer roads extendingtoe right to build a sea wan tbe aatba aloagbmIk: na^ aoto, daeUniag to accept, attdlng "peastested to San Fraaclseo, and an IndlgaBSlfla B^i^vi.'laUlGaidreaaei. TintarastBJ^orityoftlw«^ Kaaaai u« with me la certainMaooms,question; bat there SMlaMNiaaaoabothlideawhodeaiiererolatlon.delegate,fMfle:of the Pro-Slarery Demo- feat a aeasiilenhla portion of their leaden areMonday^^agataat «• gnenlly. The Kapa'illcani are against aInfrom the otoer offices. twenty-five mtoutes toecontemplatestoeform School at(aanaUybat three of their papers, incloding;Aa BoatlaiiKatiBi, are against the Topaka more-whole nnmbar Is ready,-the wagon te plied full ofLeglatotore appnqaiBttog $M,aW for a Mate Marysville..aaat. if tba Coanaattos will sobmlt the Constltatioa tothapa^ia.;butstation. At 25 minutes to 3 we TzrvAav's,—haadreds have fallen on both sides in the late civilhowever, that the cold Increases as you go west, ris- ing every mile as you approach the Rocky Motm-Bxowa'B the other day between toese two created quite an excitement, and foreshadows to some extent the harmmy which will prevail at Charleston.achieve it.While no mention of other candidates was male toThe papers tous deposited are not designed for atrlcUylocal newsdealers from consumption. EnterprisingWhite Piatos, for Instance, and otoer localities on the Harlem Road, have toeir fast teams, which toey drive over to Tarrytown in order to procure toeir supply ofleaves. The whole namber of letters taken from Sin Francisco by the Pony Express vrill not exceed 35.how many houses were burnt propertywarAs I start to-day te address a public meeting fifty miles distant, I have not time to write to Mrs. Wauus. Please, therefore,let her hear from roe through you.Even the most violent of the Pro-Slavery Partywere free to canvass the;;teins, and with decreasing timber.the Convention, delegateswas plundered, and how many were the in-to be he- j feveral oisttoguished names likely broughtSeTOre Taraada.lolta and injuries, yon may find the cause in part.But the principal cause is a fear that a Pro- SlaveryConstltatloB will be forced ny a minority upon thetoe Convention to connection wl;h Mr.Winter.The following extracts are taken by me from theHalted Statea Govemmeat register at Fort Leiiven-wenh for Jannary, 1857: Jan. 3, I8S7, 6° below zero Jaa. «, 18»7,>4° below zero; Jan. 15,1857,9° below;but without that civil war would soon be Kansas. The Union Should warmly andnerves but what can toey say when toe Conven- tion submits the Constitotlon to toe people and toebehopefuland we at toe same break- go agatoThe yotmg men are by tois timeaaobelow ICN>1887, 1° below zero ; Jan. 23, 1857, 1° below aero.;ballot for Docolai:togwithout every- hazardtogtoeircandidateovertheAt 4:59 we FisbkiU. toen toe first gleam of pass;Jan. 17, 1857, 1° below zero;Jan.18,1857,-M'daylight was perceptible, and at 5:19 we reach Pough-a tcmDcratare live degrees lowerthermometer, as I am credibly Informed, fell In one 4ay 33* below zero.]Buttheteaiperatureisnottheworst. Tothismast be added, first, tbe very great scarcity of fuel in tbispraiiie coontiy second, and far worse, the almost in- •essant and tremendous winds' blowing during the WlBter from the ice-and-snow-covered Rocky Moun- tolasovertreelesswastes,oftensweepinghousesbe- fore them. Lut Winter, I am told, several negroes died la their beds from cold in Kansas. It is esti- Bawd la Bnrope that severe winds in Winter are8 12187^303 36Clare that if they only stand firm by him he will gain;entirely destroyed by asaaeh greater, aot beiag Interrupted, as In Europe, byent existeace of Slavery here is then preposterous, aad I never heard but one Pro-Slavery man In Kan- sas who did not concede the (act, and all admit thatopposed to a compromise, and we'loed to toe policyof nomlnattoirthere be an extreme Suuthern man put forward at mtontes all is reaoy, and we are hall across before»» .»'tVM 'T ..14 .T-»JJ—;and, in 1836, theDemocrats,of the registered voters. The Blacklicans would not vote, and the Free Stete Democrate nar<—Pro-Stoery Deaoeratt. Atirth—(which is were kept from votint by the fear that the consUtu-interest to snow what was the real feeltog of toe Convention In view of toe position Mr. Sawaid occu-pavement morningBroadway,.The relattre itrength of the respecttre parlies Is Krs*—Free State Demoents. Second—Repoblicans.will be toe Charlestonbeen oflered and some taken onOregon, Hram of Virginia, Bixcummai of Ken-have been held, where toere was a free expression of of tbe Opposition, and to view of toe possibilityto Mr. SxwAancandidate. Therewas toefirst,whileBomehalfdozeneagertraveterahaveembarked to perform the journey. The baggage-car is fitted up (or the purpose of folding papera, witoup toe various packages totended for toe differentpotote on toe route, viz. : Yonkers, Tarrytown, SingaiB«, Ac KaCh parkaac of cooiaeiOOBtatos copiesvery imaU)—Pro-Slarerr Kaow-Nothtngs.Uon would not be submitted by the Conventloa,re- cent brtogtog forward of other and newer candidatestoe wkato namber of settlers to be 24,000, Iha ratottve aombaia wouid probablr be as follows :and starte oS upon its long but rabid journey. />and 500 were cmlgrante* at Plae«vilte ta-^agr^mSappasiagthatThe trato consists of one baggage-car and onepas-to toe motion of secger car, toe latter tervtog steadytwo, toelrbow mu:h':by their assanlta pracedibgay add/«gs. They arill b«, bowem, a HiMtable 18S7.edNew-Toih next Fall.<is provedoplBioa, sbaplBgammiyai. ofthb pokt'ifraata I am assured we win sweep tba State, aad^rfiet latalligent Democrate from Naw-Yerii write to Be that, as a eonsequenee of my poatUaaa, we wUl eatryaaooK, as delegate fkom Nebraska.The queatiaa tavolved to the protest of the Spanishdraft Is nearly seven adllloas, or an ineraaae ef up-wards of half a mUUoB over tbe sum aa band toepsevioua week.There te reason to believe toat the Hoaae Commit-Sxaltoaraat Kesardtatc tte '^alihmBut, raat amuad that It la aa udoobted truth, that nnkis I bad iutrtad thlidress, the Topeka Legislature would have passedTba azptaatoa of these peat tralbs, so often heie-tayfaurgreater effieieaeywa« a golenia duty, and I ear* act about tbe abase heaped npoa me. If tbaconatiy la sayed.a. 1 , f..._ ... very Urge share af the creditA...tofa«piaBii](8t«dbyB«,of tbe OiaititatlonIt was prefaced by a preamble, whleh, however, tterawainenrViyaMteit. Those the CoBTenUoa for this enterprise, as they embarked to it wtthout Bqyt of the KcpubllCBa to tb»Pro Slavery er Free Stete Democrats. I deeiiaad tobai been order and ttw free- estabUsbed, Batntaiaod,Tb*dent to advise toe BOBben of a Coavention or a papers te the iaterior stoee ISiZ. Dp to tint time at San Francisco tBl advices are reoeiTod of Ba ar-/ npjwn first real nuion of toe Free Stase andyf.n^ „ill mmdtr mu." The GaTemor tkialu thla Democratic leaders. Wben the paper thus signed Hoase should transact no buainess witnout a quorumwas brought to me, I agreed to transmit it, wlto myaaa^^ Ha to-day tied witk tba Corode CoBoilttea recommendation, to Washington, but before Mr. Bonmoa, of Alabama, (Dem.,) said, as tbethe paper waa sent, er the mail started,Bfema klgkly diarc^cetfiU to both klmaelf and kiaif there was pewer to enforce toe rules.sentimeotonthesubject..fta IUtoiria« Mtar to wUek tba PreAJaat'a waa ahundred.On Friday morntog toe Tiaig dispatched one of itsviolent Pio-Slavery disunton leaders, both saying that94.of time and to space " practicable,to one of a doubtful torn. Thebly aboat two hundred, it being estimated that two men here treat me in toe social circles nith marked men vow toat unless DotjOLAS Is nomtoated defeat isI'if toe choicefour names: McLiab, Batis, LitiooLS and R«ad. Thelatter, toough probablyfriends, who, for some reason, appeared tobeyond toe degree of promtoence which toelr favoriteLoctt, Friday, April ». Carlenville, IU.,oaI[aBdlfmajority. The number of slaves in Kansaa Is proba-dangerousThey praise all my inaugural, certain, and toat If toey sit until toe day of toe Chi-New-York dailies radiate toto toe ruralAt 4:30 we reach Peekskill, 44 miles from New-St.respect and kindness. hundred have been taken away since the last severe but the thermometerpassedJan. 10, 1867, 7° below zeroiNon.—This was at 7 A. H.; not the coldest hour, then a calm will Cuba bemany paraoai wareJan. Z!,aad attaclMd to a house warmed by many fires.aon Kaa's thermometer, at the same fort, and, 1 be- beve, at an earlier hoar, indicated, as I am inlbrmed,course is linedfriends appear to bave wisely determined at the out packages are deposited for Kingston, RondOut, ic. great. A;But we must have a Slavetratotogjet toat no act of ibelrs shall acd toereto.keepsie. where a few pasfengers take the places of At Oak Hill, 104 miles on the joumer, a quantity of;3« 35 20 17The Presidential;Par-follow,>' Isame evenmg, dotog much damage to property aad In-:me. Tbe Extremlste aremile andahalf toroughtoealr. Children were plekaa,:ITOWKSt. Petersburg, la Russia, would, it is said, beBospbere, of which you must know. The perman- Rico If possible, should be the countersign of yourfocaatatOBiBhabltable la Winter but for tbe stillness of the at-^^mucly^TJnne^e, Florida; Virginia, lornia, entireandiI|blow and high atoas sea, sight. But the cars at the Central Railroad Station off Tlmble Island, between Norwalk and Blaek koek.altooogh they do nottoe facts, they dislike the submission to the peoplenommee. toat toey will try1j{support and mlietrying youras foUowB On toe firstvote is given by toem ?Stote oat of the Soutowestern Indian Territory, andacquired wlto the and your administration, having In reality settled toe Slavery question, will be regarded in all time to co^e as a resigning and re-seating of toe CoastltutioB.Please say to Gov. Flora that the glorious sons ofNew-EnglandNew-YoihOhioPennsylvania and New-Jerseysimilar storm visited oa the Louisiana, Mo.,acquiescence of toe NorthIndiana and UUnolsto be sold on toe first dowa train is deposited.toeOldDcinlnlbn herenever do to send Gen. IIaehit to Uteh until toe diffi- culties in Kansas ate settled. He is a terror to toe Black Republicans, and justthe man for the occasion. WhenBlack Repnblicajis told me the violent Pro-Slavery men, If 1 went for submitting toe Constitution to theto have added to toe numberwould assassinate me, or driveme from exact daypeople,Lecompton.for running—namely, when Gen. Hae-vet ran first._onequal in their srffect oa animal life and comfort to a They looked serious and did not relish the joke. 1 Balance Norto CarolmaIfail of 20° in the thermooseter. But here it must be shall buy nothing in Kansas land, lots, shares, &c. Balanceto for the earlier and jrloomier portion of ciate, but more especially with Republicans, who are our journey. We rtach East Albany at i/recisely:24 4MarylandMichigan and Wisconsto 11The availabilitymerlte ofwarmlysustainme. ItwillGovernorof his friends toroughout toe State by hisbut whether those acta will be equally forcible with tbe Chicago Convention remains to be seen.first passing through some of these Lawrence,He toen requires 10III11 told them I had fixed toeConvention and Douglas asthis time toeTbis is already known from repeated refusal, and 1 think helps me much with toe people. I shall bepleased!',arts across the river by ferryboat.Admtoistration,it will close to a blaze of gloty.New- York at Chicago some ratoer represent presen"tehands,five Innumber, perished.• 1.soon to hear from ._j T> . you. Cuba, and PortoMr. Sswap.d'b nomtoation would behigh-tlie train which proceedshasv.inished fromlast, durtog aheavy northerlyandMost truly your friend.TotalTotal vote for Douglas on toe toird ballot 254 Necessary to a choice 202Tlie list of delegatesselectedbythis Convention toand all^M-:jttii^^ II ^W^'VT^JfT'^r'miTl'^^mmummnr^ TBB HB-WaPAPBK KXFKKSa. Ibropy, drove '^very from the North. Bat Ibey beraaf tha Cabtaat are perfwtty wiUag that Gov. The OKclalTlawarike Praal4cBt>a Ijmmrtt A Trip with tbe fewspaper Baiboad Expresghave rcpeitedty ass'^rted to Ceagress aad elaewbsre—testhnoaywkieh led to tba dUteBHy between Gov.*''^'*'7^*'''*?!JJ'"»' af course, upon toeBeiMbll-and not phllas- warepredetr^Mlnedtoattaekaia,(uIassuredyea WAuntoptteate.viz.: that eUm.,,* and tbe doUar,Pro-Slaverydelivered to advance of'^wegottoenewsherebytelegraphtoJeffenoaCity,mt^. Tkto will axpialii aa well at eompllrata aat- teat Wniuas was appointed, and Mr, Snrus April, he was to tavor of remaining here and doing draw-backs as could Itavebeen expected. To dropTnaaday,AprillO-g.13 P.:Wauis ud Buoa. It te said that tke mes- Jadgecam at CblcagojThey bold ftelr eaaeoaesif til Imat GtTmptiitBU.'liC ««TCnMir 'Walker. anr. fte Administration la the North. From Penasyl- mans to toeir report to favor of Dailv agatoat Esta- sition hare ehtatoad possession of the ptlvaM leMS The Mewipaper Kxpreae Tram ia bocaainc a Ia*e#«au af the Japaases _, ^ „ Tai'i:aatibey woal-y^ uTrainnptk« HudM*BaeB.tbe affairs af KaaMi la Diiaar'ity evea ia the Sooth, and oaty stKagHna me The CanBlttee oa Bleettons were ataaoet oaaai-as, la UsMinister agatost the capture of toe Marto steamers. Is as to toelr legal traasfar from tbe Spanish owaers to Gei. Mniaoi ^erioaa to that oeeanaaea.dissipated by the perusalharmony, exceptSaut BB.: I kaTO been In a ceoatoat wkld of bnil- I had no inilnenee in Washington, and that I was not The Rouse passed toe Senate bill cranttog a pen- upon a few side Issues." The telegraph will have ef toe "first dde" of toe sheet just betog oom-(Rep.,)election. nir<—Pro-SlaTety men, (a imall cordial support Is indispensable, and 1 never would duced a resolution, which was passed. Instructing the shameless corruption and barefaced iniquities. It Is toe grasp of toe " feeders" by a practiced hand.ywty, Bastty Know-Nethlngi,) who oppoted yourhave come here nnless assared by you of the Committee on Foreign Aflalra to toquire into toe ex- sometliing new under toe son when a party Conven-whoLeglilatare2 toe press starte off, at first wito a clash,Mr. Fmom. TSrat—All the Free Statefirst-clasa. Adjournedtillaqpportad aaaaMattov•ptaralMyofthesettlers. Second—Xutestoenloar as It reaches toe of itsI;t Ma aa the fobui of submittlBg the Conatltationto <h* pmfl: The Pro-SIaTery Rnow-NothlDgi anpast'W1& an an MsjorttrM Sa asmwitoa whichsoon rumble, growsintoa Every rev-;0doubt yon reasoned that Williaiis was a good Democrat,andawarmfriendofmine,aswellas yours, from old Somerset, aad teat I would make nowas execrated. Gov. Hoxoab was com- mendedforhisvetoes. WhentoeGovernoremerges from beneato tha rubbish of bills passed over his headnor vrill veto It, and that thabUlwai law.The bill appropriating $35,000 to roadsovertheSionaNevadaMaoatatasmajorityRepub-nomtoee T Some bete haveto the proceeding of the Convention. But for my toaugural, circulated by thotisands, and vuious speeches, all urging the people to vote, there would not have been one thousandaa>»Maigtba Caastttatlaa to the people, and urgedttJa Beaaaw la two apaeehas at Topeka, their Leg-falature woald certainly have passed a eompleu codeaflaws,aadcooldhavepattheminpracticalopera-ttoa by the popular will in a large majority of the office are excessive, keeping me constantly em- FxaaAxne form toe nucleus around which clus- there was at the s»me time a readtoess to acknow- aoantlaa of the Territory, and they will do the sameto toe mountains.All toe pack animals and stages tbeie are cagatWFrea-Stoto Daaoerata, 9,000Pn>-81areiy DeiMicrati, t,SOO ; Pro-Slavery Know-MotUap, sot. If, however, I had not taken votes polled in tbe Territory, and the Convention Lane men at Wlllard's, wlto a miscellaneous eoUec- outside of toe Convention no evidence of aiRepablloans, 8,000;and take up a compromiseInside or purpose tfatlBCt graaad in my tnaogoral In favor of would hare been a disastrous failure. But, notwith- toin of polltloal nondescripts at each of toem. Fxa- to resort to extraordtoaiy means to procure his nom-standing the small vote. If toe Conventhn makea a good conservative coastitutloa and submlte it to the peopte, toey will vote next Fall, and we will succeed with a great deal of hard work. The labors of myAaDO Wood, wlto his clan, and Ixa Cooi, wlto hisination ; no such idea as demandtog him or nobody ;i||ItUag next Fall if the Constitution is not submittedto the people. This is, of course, all wrong, but itwoald have been done, and woull har^ mate, but intensely cold in Winter, and I could with They swear Docolas shall not and vnVL not be the a necessity. Devotion to the success of the Republi-principalBBi'.ed aearlT all the Free Stote Democrats with tbeIthat the papers composing them would be unservice- able, even to ccuntry storekeepers. Persons em- ployed for toe purpose remove the packages from the track soon after they are dep.>5lted toere, but, to theEcpabUcaas, aad rendered a bloody collision and abreak the RoT8HCBiu>a or toe Bank of but fail England,attachments. Desirefor success wastodioaa.and sanguinary civil war ine>itable, requiringpointIIployed when not traveling and stump speaking:but er the undecided, negative, point-no-pototdel-The tialn whirls through toe prtoclpal towns, toeseriousiy reported. New sQver leads are abeoreimyhealth Is excellent.areconstantly get- nomlnatioafact,car. This Is the safest method almost dally, but it will require months to taat the for such senger unquestionably(Signed,) R. J. WALKER.a very large majority of the settlers are for a Free P. S If Ccl. CtjuHiao resigns as Superintendent of This, of course, if it proves true, insures toe nomi- State and National, wltoto toe last quarter of a cen-State. Indeed it is claimed that a majority of thewould bring a larger price, and partly because manyIndian Affairs here, I think toe Democracy hers wouldbed<lightedtohavetoeMr.Stikiks,towhomcooperate with me and be present at Lecompton to September. You may read this letter, if you please,OFF rOR CHARLISTOM.nation of Douglas.But toe errors of tois calculation, as nearly as 1 cantury. And yet, beyond Senator King, Ex-LlcuU- Gov. SSLDSS, and Wa. Cdstis Novas, toere is scarce-tails of intelligence toe importance of which the tele-co^vx!^TloK—THE .Mw poucB coMioasiosBaainstalled.The Constitutional Convention continued in ses-9,261 ragiatered voters are for a Free 2>late.large Batostty of the squatters who came to the Ter. ritory from Slave States are said to be for a Free Stete, partly from the conviction that their claims;•f them came hereTheiametstbe case to a limited extent with Pro-Slaveiy men bolding town lote, shares and interests to tbe Cabtoet.le countrynot present the na;ne of a stogie delegate who is ai all likely to he considered a strong man on toe floor of the Convention.was chosenState at Lorge—ALaiAsnaaEvABB, J.Dixoa BowkB. i>t..(net<—James M. Dennis, J. C. Soilto, SaotoelM. Rankto, Wm. Price, James S. Carper, .UexanJerexpretatyto settle in a Free State.:jla projected railroads. The here rage for speculationcaaca. ladeed it was tbis that caused the ir- nptiOB from Mtaourl. That great State nobly sus-as to toe arrangemente for recelvtog toe Japanese Embassy.rally toe Anti-Douglas men of toe Northern States, or men several times succeeded to fastening a pair of spear, and when toty were leavtog he attempted to^^^^^ Markets by Tclegra^.toins my laaagural, because she knows a slavein toe house.here Is and that such an Imfsactlcable,ABUY NXWS.Board, consisttog of Col. Jobbsox, Capt. Gass- bluff, hich is so actively playeo, or by popular and broke loose. Nothing transpired yesterday ttirow-the woold certainly make Kansaa an minaritywapparently beenA Nitv TaeHT.—Messrs. Snellobotk, of Jer-Ation Steto. Yet Sotith Caroliha aemms to understand !tiE, and Lieut.this matter much better than Mlisoari, bordering on Kansas and so much more deeply Intoreitted.Ttlib,report upon toveated by Lieut.well for bis friend to drop brag and go to work. Should DoDGLiS fail, the contest will narrow doivnAs Ivaitoas points, many ealled to aee me. The Freeto Buirns, of Virgtoia, and Labi, of Oregon. Foi)^ sey City,haveajuBt completed finelymodeled yacht,pused slowly Into the territory, stoppUu; atYesterdsytoe Police ol the Ntoto Precinct arrestedBacon,Flocb firm, at e6®|6 S6 for aiualiDe. Wa«ArStote Democratsextract from my PennsylvanU letter of September lastJersey CityMalden.lane, New-York, on suspicion of betogtoeme to Insert an address, and they would iamedUtely break uppatties who committed toe oflence, and tliey wore?»• Com,_,,.. Aprfiauniversally urgedreport to person to theAstistant-Surgeon Coopia is ordered toland will follow tbe lead, which will settle toe case to favor ef toe Southern man who can control toe5«Aasos dull siles2.000buBhel8;Ydl«nr,atT»r. Paovta Eoy1 dM BM. But 1 did not feel warranted to go so far, G.o.« k"tosouAXX to bx Vitoxd.—^e imderstandexamtoatlon byBouse No. 131 WiUoughby-street, occupied by;Ohio, 22c.«225»c.Moarti. Wednesday,rsBM WaaDud, laerefcre. merelyi^^ J^"'°"^"'' •ultimately,"mil to toe New-York papers, before its nubllcation tratusferrcd to Company K., Second bare, it vvas delivered as extemporaneous, but bearsCOTTOK—Salea to^lay, 1,000 bales, at l<)e^TO«.*Ueattoa •« ««"ry in thisthe country would be governedCompany F. becomeepidemicatKeyall the marks in print of having been carefully pre- pared. The speech was a good one, but the diner-toe present, 3,500 to-day"Stack PaiLAPttrate. |^djjt»A||ttbyeDnate, the thermometer,tola doctrine muchand Sl_"'STS''-jr Jf kT '"5'J. Hardy. ••'='««':*-''="l»:-;N7aiopo, wmiamDen-.-j^Q ^.^tMtnr anaat SepteBber, both of which toePtob the AsseciatedWasbixoioh, Friday, April 20.is to bePrectoct, on Thursday, arrested a whole faneial pat.Stocltaexpressed the general opinion,Lieut. G«s»i isArtillery, and Lieut. DxAaiir topro- and object at toeAiB«M^v .>r^ bales, at lOJc Th|k;i-.'"'*•' """•posed away from toepartCity,yar^ Treasurer—H- »»•Demo- cracy of th^eatire Boutb ontoustesticallv indorsedYet now toe^eztieaiste ofcjoct to toe axiomatic truths 'latcdtoBy Ia»a(aia],aad which toey lbaaseivs.>:Press.be guided to a great extent by toe action of toenee, toey ail agree toat a Southern man must be put raetog to toe pubUc streete. Tbe drlaen of toe car-Morrt* eMii& Prausy^bT|l>*.Ug>Mhic.My Texasence to toe sneech much teughter.asdeliveredandasprintedcreatedllpa.Dwenjer. ^JSS?,'„„. The first D.r«tt«-J««*^-A verygraph bus already indicatedafterfor, all, toese localstate attempt uypoliticians here, and some of thim Douglas' best Iriends, who have not been le4 a«By by toe game ofup a piece of tarred cord about two feet to length,Fmdtogtoelr chanceofescapedoubt- ful, one of the burglars discharged a pistol at Cox, toe bullet from which entered toe left side near toe heart, inflicting, it is supposed, a'mortal wound.more Pennsylvaniaremoved to ___^^^Indian Key, y/'PhlladalpbUfirm. PeunsyWanto, Sf^ Ttm,Aboli-Baltoiou,clearly lorida.The Southern Dpposltlan men are commencingtoelr caucuses. vriU meet at Baltimore, and TheyBac« at a PcwibaIm—The police of the Sixthton, Jbbn Cole, Jr- ^"•,!t'o^R«-"orrttoe iTstB«aa(|njr^j~,t.tmembers leave thisThe is still impressionafternoon Coroner Mobeis a number of employedtoe sMy-iback to the CharlestonAt ():44 Cox.sacklc is passed, and bysun illuminated the latidscspe brilliantly enoughMariae DiasMier—lioaa af LUb. Paovmaacx, Friday, April 20.Ifollowing:Call-not Admirlstration Demo- 6 rorfes€€<^jv, only amongIIoptoion.evening.strong here toat Docgias will be toe nominee, but or at least 30 votes. The Maine and New-Hampshireiterits of the horseJi.Mna, of tl;e Second Cavalry.White, 74CB70C. TeHow, i;»TSC Wanxr vM, PBTLABBiPHil,FiHayvAprilVCapt. D. P. WooBDUBv and E. B. ofmentioned,Jauxs and Dakul at No. li> Luslab, sllveramltbs,'~v';Should toe yellow fever West toe command 1. to betoatmarket closed dull,Evidenceproduced before the Covodeequipments«•„...dim CoxNfirmof toe Chief of the Corps.reportHear,Yacht Club.Thi rehotal or ih« Cirr Hall to MADisoit-toat Gov, Moa-faction from Illintds, are atsen- tlJnent on toe subject of nomlnatioa either way.Brown's, ITJ wheretoefeverse«nstoruntoehighest. Ixaandanti-Dooglaa ,^ ,. .V ki V^ g,^^ ^„ unmi.tekabte, ledge toat a stete oftoings might arise requirtog toeof toe several dalliea whioaaavo baea taaan food to praparttoB. There was bnt lUtla foaagaegates. These gentlemena stete ef feel-TbU is a delightful and salubrious Summer cli- ting into brawls with the Douglas men. log toat seemed to bave quite prepared them Iof toem, for should they strike any ob- value of each lead. The marveloos riebaaa of Iha stacle tjefote reachijig toe ground, toe chauces are Comstock veto, wliich is thoroughly tested, ia abaattoe only evi:ience relied upon, shoiving tbe value of hundreds of toe vetos.The bark Booker, with later news from ttx Sand-truto, as 1 now iuiow, have made my inaugural much;nominee- Tbey offer to bet sums of money tb at wouldto put it up.can Party and its principleswas than clearly strongerthis but I shall in duepara- wlUtngness tostronger oneareoaatieseertain. Wbenyourecollecthowmany j ferent stations have instructions to look after them.time have tbe range of tbe United States thermometer at FortpersonalIxa Cook and' LooAif, member from II-mount,and toere was anunexpectedreportSgM^and nothing but aacldent prevented the Introduction men are ste'loncd where to ** feed" toe press, from tlon the tetegrity of ite supportaia. It waa ka aa^Douslas,Laki ofriages,splendidIt is doubtful which track Mayor Wood proposes toput himself on. He seeaas to be undergoing severe SxwAan'B. The beliefmental tribulation. The atmosphere of this place isIappeared did not fall on Mr.bors, in faet, each one ot the towns along toe Hudson River Road is made a centre in this method, whencedispute cago ConventionDouglas shall be the;in constantly^Thereforce, bullytog, the Souto yieldup,ragingperhaps Theyunless count their chancesRxap bas a discreettoe for toe Central Road, jured. Tbe roof of a dwelltog was carried nearfy a packagesIs no dlsgulstog toefactare takenneck rate of speed.andto them.toreaten a bolt:Iby toe wtod and carried a considerable stockwaskilledtoeverydirection. AIowa and MtonesoteMissouri, Arkansas and Norto Carolina.Total DouglasTotal deleKatton, all toe States25freelyTheused in connection wlto the Vice-Presidency.papers all that 'Western (Mass.) Railroad, to points betweenand toe latter several Boston, reaching citygloaucrse in advance of toose which go by toe trains on the New-Haven Railroad.After leavtog Hudson every exertion is made teMajority oikfirst ballotOn toe second ballot toey expect to gam toe 25slace. No bas soB-The cashier says tt will be all ri^t agahlDouglas majority over two-thirds.fromhis recommeuUa-He should be a firm, Uniou-loving Democrat, who strength in toe Convention. thtok toe prediction me atI bave referred, and 1 will send m lion to toat end next week.conversationasi-ertatobers, are very great,LA3 is greatiy deceived as lo his actual primitivesafe that on toe first ballot Caleb Ccsbihg will get toe Massachusetts delegation with the exception of oneman, who is for Douglas first, last and all toe time. Here is a loss of 13 votes. Mr. CusarKO is certeinly opposed to DoroLAs, and would pre- fer a Soutoern nominee that he mav be tbesingleandgiveevidencethatMr.Dono-I give lessons teJeraeris unlTetnl, and prices caanot be malntalne:!, but if A bare quorum appeared to toe House to-day. Other nominee himself to 1864, The New-Vork Douglas Tnit Late MYSTKRions Mcrdbr.—Yesterday BROOKI.YN_INTEI.I.IGElirCE. B. Hagner.delegation mill, for tbe most part, on the first ballot,Pbobablk Mubdbb bt Bcbglarb—Abrxst of, The new Police, appointed by toe Police <;0TM?»--which havd beenCorps torow his strenrto to Msasachuaette for HcirrsR. or Pbilip Hill, o' toeS;J,V *i5 L"K'cRump, »14reasofiBEngineers, are ordered to repair to this city and perhaps BaxcxuiaiSGi. The remainder of New Eng-We ueaddrtsMd by tba PieaMeat te e«v. wLzaa aa toa ISto of July, 18*7. Vartou roaera eoaaaiaJiaa tba eeateateot this letter have been looa to etrculsttoa. which win aUaolBstaatlTRow theperauaeat aad a ifopalar iaatltattea. IB watfctog, thus far, bas been evea more saeeeasfUl tbsa was an-Ttitwf, ApHraV1 fMUQMi KisBtoi ftr Swdiala. eilBate doclrlne (lo well nndentood here) In my ad- The amount of money in the Treasary lubjoct to to iBTOl* tha Proaldent to an lacoaslstaaey to fiiit largtog toe sphere of ite operatlona. ThenOBberof The-Central Chreriand Ponr EzprMa, hA^lItt' '* "^; civil war wotiM now be ragtegi is^i^s^i:;:^'^X^J:rt'^!j^ has-tkaireedeof lawsthraaghoat Kansas, extending shortly throughout thetlon, to tbe people of Kanaaa, and to afteswarda re- eoauneadtola the adopttsa of tbte CeaaUtattoB to Congress, abboagb it bad not toua been suboiitted.steadily tocreased, uatU:aow aot far from 15,030 ecptes of tbe Thus, Traime and Htratd are taken everyday, and before toe Summer Is over this num-toe llto, arrived atS P.M., exactly la Hm.'.eooatry ; tbe DeBocracy aad jour AdmialstratloBaveiwhelmed, aad tbe Gaveraaient itaelf everthrowa. tee on Foreign Affairs wUl report a bill pravldtog forToe Cenaattaa did aet to puiauance of the adviee ber w|ll be mere teas doubled. We baveFaABoaoo, Thm^ar, Aps^li ^,]7 L--ai>,^91 -lir• <<>(>a first' elaa^Blsslon to Sardinia, in aceordanoe with Ur. BcrsLnsAia'B lesolntlon adopted today..oa V-S^Tf^., „iiahfaitUy rejoiced that the Covoda ^ttau-Thlagis !>««.of toe letterIt before ear nadon to day.today give*I •• ,Itself;pteaaareitby perfectiBg the detalii of the unaiemeat aad eg-toe settlement of on toe Ne- which to favor of toe General left a smart In certaintoe eventog of toe to tlteAth, protest against paififBby toe Assembly of toe Senate Bulkhead btU.Batea ildltailin aty tnaugoral, I cooTeiaed freely, war. With that cordial support the Coavention braska contested seat case, concluding wito a reso- qaartert. You will not gain from toe proceedings Press. Some little time is necessarily consumed to resotutloiis were imanimoasly adi^itad deaoaBaUHftiB at Taitoaai'iiolBta, with iba people, and with emigrants. (a majority of whose delegates 1 have already seen) lution toat SAanu. G. Dalt, instead of Mr. Ebta- any conception of the feeUng agatost the Legislature, this delicate operation, but at 2 all Is ready. The bill as a swindle upon toe State, and iialllag fn^at^and we taketicipated,—and everyi >n»°^TbaobjaetorthaCoTodoiiiqalaiUoa, doohttew, !•of the PnWaul.ao lar aa to submit tbe all Importaat tito people.^—$1 ,eoo,ooo to tiaajatc aad SSSpanaa^n,was wltodiawB at tbe request of several gentlemea. deellaed to inoBlt to too people. Taa PreoideBt at aay expectalioaofrceelvtngan immadtateratun fbr Doli^atoaVk Corade CoMimttee met again this moimng, And sow, let Be assure yoo, that a recent aet of The preambto aeta forth toat " tbe Kiagdea of Sar- no period ever wttoheld tbe expiasaioa of bte eaineat their outlay. Bat tbera are already frem ten to ftf- Convention, wbo will lemato irtto toe ~--ii- desire toat the Conatltatiaa should be sabsslttod toririU cataattta ika Howe a r ia wklob <IM CoaoBilttMKnlf af fta Piaaldaat'i IttUr to Oar. Wauu.years (unlnteaUosaJly) bas done a great tojary to dbila by recent accessions has been raised to a trst. toe peopte. After tbe GeBvautton b«d refused to do teen pasaengcra every morning, wbo embrace tbte pinwaU natll tbe Japanese Emoasay anivaa, Kansas. It was the appototment of Jadge WiuuKa. class Power, ezteadteg from the Alpe to tbe Adriatic, this, an eatlialy aow aaesltoa then arose, namely— opportonlt; te reach Albany some boors eaiUer toan proceed to WaAtegton ; also Gea. Ji When Mr. ComiiiiaaiH's resignattoa was heard of and embractog witbto ttelimite the rlehost aad Boat sbooldtoe President disregard and nullity tbe Con- tbey eonld do by any other train, and their muatwr Utah army, and Ueut. Baooaa. TheIMmHj Bmwhare, there were ntunerous asptraate for tha plaoa,and all oa me to recemmead whether ealled thea,populous portton of Italy, over which azteasifa do.Blnlon a ConsUtatlanal RopiasaatatlTe GoTcmmeatatitatton fraBod by tbe Coavealian, and deterBiae not to submit it to Coagroaa bocaosa they bad aetad contrary to his advice t This he could not do witowill Batorally increase.Ur. Sbxab, who to toe origtaatOT of toe enterprisepion sailed for New;York, via Cape Bora, oa tbeiI Buaz waa ca tba toor of tliaMMtMtar.lm aanatt eoartmika wMi sararal Interfere onlCB they eoold aaite os a good Democrat. dom of tlte Press and religion aecured."leglalativa bodayndto act idniffaerpenutlcalaifomrahninmerwMi Mr. Baoua, «f 8»«tk CanUna. It iraa wkla- Slavery Democratic leaders, on Mr. Bravaas, wito Spate provides for toe asceitainraeot and settle- nul toeir lawful acilon because they did not think country except through toe malL Mr. BaaAa eilber to Japan to announce to the Xaiparar tha aaWB ofAalfciia.Bi»llawaa. a>A aflarwaids left la compaaT They did unite most eordially. Free Stete and Pro The freaty which Minister Pustck has coecludad a moderate Free Stete Democrat, bnt an ap- ment of tbe pendtog claims.bant- little efiort had been made to efrculate them to thefound or established agencies at all tbe principal Embassy's reeepOoB at tbe Vedetal —f*^''''"^ " '"'^' -4 i#1—paia* anaad that ajmaseanata were making for a holder of tha laws, a very able lawyer, a most teatUaBAetlngfeetwaeaMr.BlaczandGot.Wixna. excellent,hlgblypopularendeloqaeatman,who; Ituanotlm quite thtog turival of toe Embassy at Washington, tit thea lataia .'HOUSEOFRBPRBSENTATIVES. WAsansTOK, Friday, April 20.Mr. Crawtobd, of Georgia, (Dem.,) was satis- fied toat no quorum was present, and toerefore moved to [adjourn till Tuesday. Be was determined toetowns and vUlsges upon toe great routes of travel,TheblllgTanttegtoaeoBapaayofFrtaBbeafMMil*Bouse yesterday refused to adjourn to toe 20th ofsixty pounds per daySab Fuioocc,Hitm riiUtatkar. immediately notified me not to send an the appllea- something. They could act on such bills ai were re. figure, toe Republican State Convention, which as-IiHttr ffum Qm. Walker to PraidaU Buchanan- tloB. Theie was great chagrin among oar frtends, ported to accordance wito toe estimates, and about sembled here yesterday to make choice of delegates and operation of tois new enterprise. Entering the Stetos steamer Pittrntam, wlto tkeand equal rejoicing among toe Black BepubUeans andI am thoroughly and cordially sustained by tbe Ad- of Gens.ministration here, I cannot contror the Con- Mr. Cahfbiix, oftention, and we shall have anarchy aad civil Committee on Elections, made a<enl parttoa here. Fint—Free-State will do what la right, l shall travel over the whole aaeoK, is entitled to toe seat aa toe Delegate. Booacd of men irbompported your elee- Territory, make speeches, rouse the people in favor A number of private bills were passed.of my and see all the delegates. But your Mr. of Masaaehnsette, Snaarf—Pio-Slarery Democrat*, who rupported plan, BuauaoAHX,ReportersspaciousPussRooaoftheTntssEstablishineht,atabassadors. The ship Lootoirt te loading Ibr N«w-TiandwOl take 25,000 bags Wheat, and l,fin whale olLThe general news is exceedingly noagre. Aa im-\taaartm,K.T.,Jane38,1857.MmuBf^kmam^TrttUnttfth* VmU* Statu:aaa aa^nieitaBeBt alnea iny arrlral bare, Inclndlng even consulted as to the appototmente. Now, nnless sion of $50 per month each to toe widows respectivelv given you toe record, vrlto some idea of toe breezewhich there was noMr. CxAWroas's motionto ite bustoess to toe shortest Chicago, completedwhetoer Gen. Nti or Dudut Fixu>About the icBaliiing piovisioashisconvicttonsofduty. Itiaonetbiagfor toe Presi-liaa bccB ceacerBcd la thetraaspertettoaof news!JapaneseitsaaieTCaadiaaaBuUwillproper te follow his advice.-'.. .'THB BBPVBiaCAM STATB CONTENTIONBxpadltlaaa TraaaaetloB af Boalaeaa—Cob- tIageBelea apaa vrblch the Nsmlnatloa of Mr. Sewsurd Depeada—Character af the Chieaga Delegadaa Selected.CTrufmuUne* nf to* Seim-Yfk Timu.or, asMr. SaaAadenonfi- STBAcua, Tbnraday, April 19, 186*. ates it, some tkirty tont per week, which u now car-andThe first scene in the play for tbe Presidency one ried, agatosthasbeengonethroagh,witoasfewhitohesand tol»2.and passage of a resolution denouncing toe Legisla- totro- ture of 1800 to terms toe most unreserved, for Itelarge piles ot half-prtoted papers, placed wlthia fourformidabte demonstration that baa takea fiaa* I9. San Francisco for many years. Tbis Bulkhaai bin is under considerVfton to the Assembly, t»4By, a£d ite passage of tliat body It conaldetad a ftThe express-wagon which Is to convey the papers^aad rapported iSi. Fiiuon and, fturUt— cordial cooperation of ali the Fedcal officers. pediency of raiilDg tbe Sardinian Mission to one of tton is brought up to thispotot In proportion as the to toe railroad station, stands at toe door. At5mto- concltisian. Great confidence Is felt that thasteady but this shows the necessity of hearing POIilTICAI. GOSSIP AND 8PECITI.A to toe last hours of toe sesston, he cannot fall to be olution of toe central cyUnder throws off ten com-;eomplalnte TION8.Astirvey aad opaattafrom me.We have nearly all the returns in for election efgratified wito toe sentiment almost everywhere enter-aad toe u revolved cylinderboth branches of toe Leglslatore..hOlbaaokatatoed of approval o( tite coarse to resisting toe cor- delegates te 'he Convention, and the whole vote for The ObaTleataa Delegates at Waablactea— Vupt lobby and no less corrupt Legislature.passed, appropriating (15,000easternpriattogtl0,000totoe Deaf and Dnab and the £hBi;successftil and nnsucceEsfol candidates is but 2,100 outol»,251registeredvoters.The Reoablicans say this Is the entire strength oftheProSlaveryPartyofKansas. ThisisnotsoI have no doubt that the Free State men constitute atoeytoeyPrealdeaUal Stack—Hr. CaalUlBs's "Bx-" temparaaeaaa Speech.Cmrmrtndtiut «^ Uu Ifetif York Timu. WAsamaroB, D. C, Wednesday, AprH 18, 18(SaWho bnstoessaadtoenadjourned. Itteamatterofsome wayThe all-abaorbing question of the time is. over toe RussThe CoDvecUon came togetoer for just one totogandnototogelse—namely,toselectdelegateswould present Mr. Sivaxs at Chicago as toe choiceof toe Republican Party to Ne w-Y^ork. It did toat newspapers, and off It starts at foil speed for the Rail-rattilag rapidlywhich at that time of toepies, toe chances of his election if nominated, theand that by voting they committed themselves tucky, and JomftOH of Tennessee, Several caucuses for the avowed purpose of unittog toe whole strengto as toe last package strikes toe floor toe engine poffs mtoes, Tbe iiuh has recoaunenced witbto aday orTbe Douglas men tbe National Hotel it may be deemed expedient dropwaymak^tosir head-qnarters, toe Hunter men at Brown's, theflie active services of troops In a large majority of Leavehworth pnblished. It must be remembered Itoois, have a bout every day. The little scene at contemplate toe principles toat might be necessary to event of their failing to do so, toe flagmen at toe dif- wich Islands, is entertog toe harbor as toe express'of some otoer man—tonototog like blind devotionto Mr.Siwau,several days abead. Tbe latest aeeaoalr Ikaafor living can be provided. Floor thBiaiatiaia«M per cwt, suga^ $1 per pound, atd otber aitlafoaaCnor was toere toe least todlcatlon of an extseme^^^^ j^^,^^ ^^^;two large tables, ample llghtoFour active young men Immediately proceed to make and people are arrivtog faster toan aceoBBaibtlBBaIItIl>oiit>iriii.5 course.fore ChicagoBABSS BLOWS DOWK.Alb TMMM»toe selection Douglas would be made from a list tocluding net to exceedof friends, who have been content wito;merely present-toand already a huge pile has been prepared, that we may be ready for toe Westbad attatoed.Judgecorpsengagedfoldtoghis name and fitness, thtog by prematurely puttingup(and HcLxabwerefreelyacknowledged. Theimpressionseems universal that bis nomtoatlon would be toe cei-tato of success. In toe event of his nomina- precurrortion at Chicago, 1 heard toe name of Gov. MoaGiitIII;doubtful Nortoem delegates.Soutoem votes to make up the necessary two-tolrds,whichis202. NowMr.Douglasnotonlyconfidentlycounte upon the all-important 10, but his friends,and he has had iUs runners sdl through toe Souto, de- candidate at Chicago Inevitable. After ail, we come roads.FroB the SaatbwoatiIII AKSANSAS DmlOTKD BT FOB— BAXK raiLUBX IS TBanana.the etarting-points. path the third ballot the Southern votes The Giant is toe lion in toeMiFsouri Balance Arkansas3'''I7:20, where we find a wagon ready to carry the pack- aaouL-and-outcandidate. Butshould tne Withinfivepression was general toat theBurlington and Monueal, New-York Central,pendeda few days.Charleston, 62 ly probable.Troy47;appearsThetoat toe town ofof the 17ih toat.,noticeable featores. A majority are old stagers," 52 who have been to pretty nearly every (invention,dock, our wagonAlbany pive-tbe ConveaUon fail to submit the Constitution to thepeqple there will be a universal crash. The Mls-•oarlaaa will i^ver vote here again, unless stimu-lated by that wretched, hypocritical Emigrant Aid everythtogSoetety, (falsely so-called) of Mawachusetts TBK JAPANESE EKBASSV. admitted, as proposed, m order to secure harmony, toe one lo which the of toe murdered female Cox, a man to the employ of Dr. heard toe bur- He.^ Veraicr ^vote for DicKinsoN and SiTHoua. Here is a loss of 35,elonets. entered on duty to-day, supersedtoggenuineJudgepapersAt Hudson, five mUes furtoer, anotoer threestop Is made. Here we discharge, among otoer par- cels, one totended for the Berkshire and Hudson Road, wito which a connection is made. By tois A. route are cairied to Pittsfleld and thence byseveralpeeple._Nothing was more apparent than the toterestamongjthat related to toe Coavention. It was not difficult to see toat the im-the Albany and Northern, Troy and Albany via Saratoga,the delegates in anythingChicagocomplete toe packages for toe Albany aivd Boston,nominationofDouglas wouM be fatal to Sswi an, and make a compromise 'Rome and Watcrtown, and Potsdam and Ogdensburgh Rail-iaThe schooner A. L. Packer, of New-Baven, HruMiicowAt, from Port Ewen for Proridonce, wito a cargo of 185 tons coal, iouodered on Tuesday nlgbdozen could be selected from the rematoder who. in toe matter of strategy aad sharp practice generally, couldwitothe mem- lyadistinguishednameontoelists. leadingact only as appetizers to their more journals power-And at furtoer westtill contemporaries. potots tikelatest New-York papers will be snatched up just as eagerly and read wlto as much avidity as they are nearer the City where thev are Issued. Tbe fact that tuo,ec udiositariubnuitiuon vo.f t..h.eo M.e..turo«p,o~liut-aTMn j„o«u.r,n-a.lus, celmi-ci.t^s 0s0o much enterprise, Issufficientproofoftoelr importance to the country at large..ny ordinary Convention selected fromsion untU after midnightIt wasfinallydetarmlned«-^^" •^^ "^ *• '-««*•' by tote trstoCataoa Tan^ »'^" *** %*<iamaheady stated toat theraaaagsrss* tbe Hudson River Kail-Vim-tai^'' <jand tocanTsssthe employed agesteandafextended westward, and tons tocreased theSaaFnaeiKOiOBhiadBgadklMeaafiHlte St. Chicago,other Western cities, as fastLouis,bustoess, tmtil, at the preseat lime, toe number of to a>'toe United States mail ajnounts 450,0<X> embractog tbe vmrieus* ^ ^i-,:; itpapers to about —''i "--t No arrivals since the departure of the Mkair 4- .it— dally and weekly editionste called for to-monow evening, to e^pi SBa ttaalfew minutes before 2 o'clock, we found toe workingon the auxiliary Press, and sections or"forms"oftypewerebeingtoweredfromtoecom. postog-rooms, and immediately placed each in its properpositionto toe large ten-cylinder Lighutoginches of toe rollers, each sheet to be placed vrtttatoheightspeed.of toeonce in every two seconds, or tbirty times a mtoute,paper,which ^ivcs 18,000 papers witoto toe hour. As fastpleted copiesto botmdary the Stoteare workedwho wagon—whither also ate brought similar bundles itssto t)e universal that* daily totellipence to advance of their sleepy neigh- CEUBCaiS INBOOrXD, HOUSIS,Ssvabs,1-11are taken to bundles to toepassThelatesterassexpericBcedtbroageentthafltale, coupled wlto toe totelllgence froa FlacarviB*, Ikat toe country toereaboute was envetoped toaaawaadtoetoe least named, had many York, where for the first time we stop, for toe brief evening, unroofing and blowing dowa bouaaa, bans,Lows was killed by ligbtntogwito blasted hopes aLd lulned fortunes. Mr. RxAS'g toose who leave the cars. At Rhtoebeck several wounded, and toe destraction of property ii roiyAnd the entire list does large,. yetto District Electors, and appotot 'the ticket followingSi'spscrin P«anx8.—At about 3 o'clockWotxl delegations from Illinois and New-York are rel of pitch, which was mlsstog at toe same time that son A. Gaxsisoii, on toe Jamaica Plank Itoad. Owxiibody G,, ^'^^•'^J^^lXt?:;^'' whleh Imported bands of AboliUons to vote Capt. Dttrom has been ordered to report to the even a majority. Should be fail to obtain a majority was attached disappeared. It is believed that to this glars at work to toe second story of toe bouse, and In the suiut o"'f MART E. ClOtbs »««««Mr. Douglas will fall far short on toe first ballot of«ne day aad leave the next, in vero many Stete Department where he wltll receive instructions on the first ballot, toere is little prospect that he can barrel Is attEcbed the clothing of toe woman. The stationed himself at toe foot of the stairway with a Boston andf.^1^0^ Company for gat,^**Worcerter^K.dbo^^ ^^^^-^^^^^^a stogie vote from the Soutoem States to his standard. oyster tongs to some heavy body, but at every attempt These are the views expressed by many leading to raise It the tongs slipped off. Oooe they broughtstop them and called for Dr. Gsaaisoii. who was alsoTbe burglars toen made toelr wltli escape,taktogtoem 146 In money and a quantltv of silverware.damagesforper«.uiU.njuwhich hadIs ordered to toe clamor, whlciniaajts rise to this City, It would be tog additional light upon tois mystery.men lothe bottom of the doek at the York-streetIs unncertato. delegations will be divided, and if toe Cook antl Pier In Jersey City In hopes of raising toe other bar morning, two burglars entered toe house of Dr. Nil- or's Police.dragThursdayMr. Cusbiko will for Mr. of22Mfeetla lengto and nme feet beam,;White, «ft««l Mess Pork, gl8 50 ; Fteltted Han«, lOc.most'"*''""" " ^"'"'*<' «"'^°" pnbliiation of toe speech of Hon. Roscox Conxinra in from toe bill provldtog for toe erection of a new City'"'='''8 olBcer at Fort Monroe. wtn."""votes.There wiu much merriment to-ntgbt, cansed by thewas robbed, yesterday, of property val- ued at tISO. havefirm s't"ea*dy';Charleston Convention. Should Douglas be tlie nomi- ty wben retnmtog ban toe Calvary Cametery, forC.eca^usaes^.oCrit^y ReadlDgRailroad,31«4,»l(t,.if on tlje contrary a Soutoem man is chosen bv riages were fined g6 each by JuMiea Stbbb, and were lavesticatiac CobbMco wito a vtew to impeach the the Dentocrats many of them propose to take ttea sent horn* to New- Yoik with a watnlag.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Colrt, M0.di^"'-A^«c»e,«4.8,11:.up;Untitled DocumentOAB has atHallto He thinks toe location Madlson-tqusre.length concludedsignatoreVAitBXiBicz,Basb Ball.—The Exercise Base Bali ClubensuUw ri<:e-Pres,drm-T. S. Fhtl-business expenditure of %\ ,000,000timeisuncalledfor.of the for thiselected toe foUowtog officers for toe Prenienl-N. L. Psttst.for MIddltog. Cotton—SalesMoans. Thuraday,City.fastened tosometUngto witohold hislatevetoes;MemphisEnquirer, Lewlsburg, Conwayrepoita Crunty, Aik.,A half'I.Icompensatetoare in waittog, and the inqjaeni toe boat reaches theis over the rattlingbriefapace of time toe scores ofages are transported to the baggage-car, and before-•l'> . 'i »--i\l; •.!>. ^^,'IPRICETWOcENT8.->wiTaAsum«Ei^fie.generalsupporters claim, that It willweek. Inleaae o^wdtloe to tbe laiu'etl la uui-toIs clear of car-order for a trot. Over rapidand tothe zoogh cobble-steneE of toe upper streets oar prog- toe mountato passed obstrocted, h^ opnalaifar ress is Uower, bnt we reach toe station at 3,—and just several days to retard emigration to fh* Waaheaand otoer convenieaees.Washoe represent tbe weatoer unfavonbi* for iifmiunfolded from toe press-rooms, packed to heavy wrap- animals, hay been sold at (tSS per toa- for havingpers of brown paper and tied with strong cord. The nitoing accounts are Of toeaametaaoraain-are dropped from tbe rear end of the packages pas-adofoispusingregions.A toniadubreatbtog space of toree minutes. A few passengers trees and fences. The roof of the Latberaa Cboiebminutes'juringraents. In anightfall the citizens of Buffalo will receive full de- DKLIGATKS AFPOIKTBD BT TBI COSStlTlTTlOaALverypack-From Marylaad.committed for Justice Coebitill. steady Bed. tl.J., v<,« 1614. «7. Reserved60, 59;1 9, 27, 33, 34, 7, 8, 9,I,*'•"•'^"-**«• SSad*Railroad, ]6. Sight ExchingeUTi:on New-^JiYirtay,,^,.- ..• ;,- ta« • , . „ ,;,.. .J•aiNEWS BY TSl^^BJ^H^ -'•* .^v-* •n.*>1<;ai jfornia.ua» talnnf •i>,^!.ia tubidu tkm WaahaeSt. JNBt,CaBforato dates to aad April ID,iji'not available on tbe being longerPaeUcfront ofmiles, passodthe State Seaate on tha #h. Mi JtRover toe road to wateh toe movemente Sailed, 6to, ship IWTeat,fiQrPuget8ociad; TBI, ObIMI>. .\ofalao aa Mt ipiaa-'.. I.r; -I« 1Ioverwas blown some distance, and the walls were maeb ia-was particulars arefir* several yet received.days The Lawrenceburg Bank, of Tennessee,the Supreme glO.OOO.court 10 "-J:"-' •tha Bib- AjB^My;a Stete inaUtatiim. A bin tea • pHMt'Fib]ay,,Aj^»J>l""' www.fultonhistory.com 