 ,adopted during the progress of the debate, declaring any Senator de-shoats, Morgan Who talks of farmerssix months,$50;three'anatloosprivate rooms for the appiicalioa his Hair Dye. the best extant. BATCHELOB'S Wigsboildlnga oa Staten Uaod, aad of the expanse attead- Ml •nntleiiee be«Ka aU HmwaatimmtM ofchMnWi. Ingtheteoa. Lddorar.FOUnOAI.THB IMD^PXNDEHIVest lUs Bonalac, is one of the meatJiyw BOOTg.lawpoBpelllngcreate Court of Claims, before whom the people of the State of New-Y^ork may sue and be sued. It is to be con- stituted of five Judges, to be appointed by the Governor and Senate. I guess, in that respect, the bill will require to be amended, for it is doubtful ifOn the whole then, we consider the result as morefavorable than that attained four years ago whenDabxs, of Massachusetts, was elected—and we are In-clined to think that it ?rill tell more against the Re-publican Party than the election of an Administra- The relatives and friends of the fkmlly are respectfullyAtttui eloM of Ua rnautaTSa mMUns xvounud." JlewaTakUeMeulSociety. 4uii,T, Wednesday, Feb. 8.The Slate Medical Society met at 10 o'clock.Mr. Miiuxaa calledtestimony takaa beiiare the Pro Rau Committee, andBleetlaaarSrMikar.Vtrm n a^t aeoss. HaaaftstaredtaLa.LoTuwLSDLlaaQko00*.iBtssastfagvoB- ooataipiBc a vatK^ of ehsiesof a Commla- of a Committee to ooolkr with the Senate Committee on theiubject,waa proved l>efor« the CommiOee, should he so fear-sarlai of PAJULIABLETTERSONSUNDAYSOHOSLS.USOnMilAsiKbTbanaotatioiufortheappointment «loB of LaaacT, and the appointmentfuloftiiat theHouse.U<.B»wlihwhichIthas acceptingbeen attempted to lessen tbeOOaeMo.MS!«... X&NONA00^m» takan np, and a long dlicuialon foUowed.motioB, and it was laid on the Uble.Mr. CoBKUBO moved that the Judiciaryan accepted part. The fnrrn or a nonn<.ni.«t«ri Southern opinion has compelled tlw Republi-Thay were adopted,be instructed toSherilTof New-York at some reasonableHouse to absadon theirIRN;G.°P5BSf2ciSlB*RiVlSNfOA"/°^"'OiCLlANlNO.COBL- ANDREsfoMNOTH*HAIR.aadera,Bradford,reportrate. Laidand Dn. Corentry, Coatea, and Haaon, were appointed nichCommitteea bill fixing the fees of the can members of theBIOT AND OBBaPESr ARTICLECoaalttee.Dr. E. R. Sdvans, of Brooklyn, read a puer enti- over.for the sake of concIllatlBg aa Ladles, try it. For sale Sy aU druggists and perfaoers. intendent, teacher and scholar, and every minister Inced ** Notes on New Ramedlea."Ssreral members pronounced It tbe moet able paperAdjourned.pruented, ]>octor.and a vote of thanka waspaaaedUNABUIKIMARY. ^t7J>r. OnaoHiDx read a memorial from the Queens County Society, relative to the laws regulating the jnaMaea of physic and surgery.Intoinquire thejidtjoctof anesthetie agency, Its origin, aultaor- aUp. and its flrst tntrodnctlon into medical and sur-personalDr. OoeaaioH, from the CoBunittae. tothat the most Republicans, whenonly place where these axe properly understood andVSaaJMsTse^f aJMi fi petsssss oe MeSiSwas Om hnndred and thirty delegates were present.have been in vain thave read attentively the proceedings of our State Legislature, or he never would have entertained such an opinion. For the first time—and in a small way, to be sure—the rights of the sex are becoming to be recognlxed by our law-makers. There breaks on the foreground of 1880thedawnof what promises to beidentified with the is nevertheless RepublicanParty,generally regarded as representing the coaservatlve element, and of whom, at least, it cannot be said,«[WIGAND, No. 160 Water-st.ageaey. Aftersomediscussionthewholesubject laid on tka table fbr an ludeflnlte time." Contributes a secondItttlcaiapolntsd by the President to present(Ga.,) after telling in what way the result was "requiringachieved, addsIT tbe House never does worse thanThe EqaitmMe UC* Assnranee Society*reso- a Committee of three to be sp-Helperpamphlet."Tbe CkrmicU and Smtmei, published at AugustaIndia-rubber boots and fur shoes,Dt. BaonKlsa, from the Committee, reportedFASHIONABLE LIFE IN NEW-YORK. ea titledFDKGU8 AT THE nBST BALL OF THE BEAaOM. DeseripUsn of theFUMGUS DLUI0ND3, FEATHIR8 and BROCAIJiaa memorial to the more stringent leglalatlon to pre-abortion. Adopted.Beaolotlons were also adopted, urging upon theI.eglslature the appropriation of a sufficient sum for the Issmedlate completion of the New-York Inebriate Asylua at Biaghaaton, an inatltotion calctilated to laUen aoirerlnc and prevent Insanity and death.:Mo. WI.agWatare askingToat the destnicllTe and reroltlng crime of cilmlnaMARRIED. Cooks—HtBOXizT.—At Lowell, en Honday, Feb. t. byaaod-bye, aweeiheart"—J. L. Hattaa. Ongta Waits—Th. Knllaek." I*»e lae Little, Love me O.;tliroughout,DIED.Wabsob.—la this City, on Tuesday, Feb. 7, Uasia,wife of Elias W«nson, in the Mth year of her age.Tbe friends tnd aoqaaintances ofthefiunily are re-solid.bills cams ia traia.to theelecilon is that be is not peraoaallv Identified withThey are the favorites for families.-We prefer them for family use.— Tr^^rwle. Office No. 606 Broadway. New-York.Dr. Tyng ooadncts in person tlw floorlsUng sad fa- mous Sunday School connected with !lIs own Ohnreh.BeUs resolatioa to expressed surprise that tike friends of the bill,thewho ofaRepublicanSpeakerb^ever pabUahed. rsadlng,amsngwUAaretheMlowiBg«as OAMELL'aVAKILT FABTL-ftieeUosDts.IsBoveBaAattheBOOKSTOKU sal FBBIODIOAL DKAUHS.Acopywllibetonraided ftathyaailearssrivtiCa cents.CAS8ELL, FBTTB * OisiOi' lte.ltPatfc-»«ir,»il>^tl**iliad made aopprobriumof hav-e"w",Cb'e.a'utSiJr'irikBH'pLt"d'a*nd aolselessD. TYNO, D.,HABD8HBLL8—40.__^^^^^^nndaralgnsd beg to Inform theiralsFeeallar ass of srorda and tormas ia' tha*a more and justfor the ol wo- rightsLeag"— Uats] Prin sss l ," Dtw eoeg-B. Stoepei.upmajority report on what tliey pretendedteatimony appearing beforeUessrs. FiAaixa and O. Alleb warmly opposed theschemes of party tacHcs, of ivhich the booK was HelperBraadvai'. Barry'a TrfeaphbraaaFrom Our WOMZH'B W0BT8 BXIMOparticular, that his name ii not" WTM»TBR»8NWGST THS BBJg *BXKCnriTBmade. BemoTalits branches and its praotloal de-presence to the actual and personal maa- other newiiMntes. tsasther with aU UmTSlSSIOIf,AisABT, Wednesday, Feb. 8, ISM.—TheSewardChoctaw or George Law m&n, and lastly a Republi- not of the bovine genus, and broad acres well fenced jumpe-i into the wagon from behind, knocked him;Fillmorecan, signalized his admission to the latterdo by andwho have balahses in bank, stocks that are"Whig,^Whlg,Whig, American,ones,OFFICIAL DRAWINGS, BY TELEGRAPH OF THE LEGALIZED LOTTCRIES, WOOD, F.DDY A CO, Mansgerfl,months, $12 60.^ 'opposing the nomination of a steadfast Republicanby a Republican Governor.A resolution is said to have beenITALY,Tru- A motion waa made to reconsider the vote reject-Mr. Tab Yalubbcso, and that motion was laid on the table.S9, 45, 28,Witness our hands, at Wilmington, Dei., Feb. 8, 1860,various other Communications. KDITOaiALSWords Well Spoksn. Recent Popish Pastoral. Classisand Benevolence. Patient in Tnbulstiou. NorthandSouth. Scndder Monument. Notices of New Books, ire-MuaxAT. To this, violent opposition was made by Hr. Sfibola: and at 11 P.M., the Senate was stillthem at any rate, now. To-morrow evening the Fac- "who, if would elevate elected,WOOD, EDPY & CO.,or Augusta, Ga. A GOOD OLD-FASHIO.SED LOVK~STORY,BXTITLSBTHB LOST DEEDS* BY MRS. ANNA YOUNG,WillCommenced inTHB NEW-TORK LEDGERMONDAY NBXT,THE GREATEST INVENTION OF THE AGE.A NEWLY PATENTED QCABTZ ROCK AND GRAIN OIII.I..ingInventioa of the age.The Bights of States in this great Invention are offer-the venerable man, "1 have lived in Ohio, aud have walked many a time over this very piece of ground.aTerms$2ayearinadvanee. Bycarrier$26d. CHAS. VAN WYCK, Publisher, No. 103Fultou-st.HOME TESTIiHONY.Hammond, Frosser,named thebers at the latest moment, in order that its true char- acter might not be exposed. That the members not coDvetsant with the affairs of the Institute may not be deceived, as intended, a brief statement is neces-Mr. Vabiab, Irom the minority of the Pro Rata"with latestNO. 4SS BROADWAY,Nsw-York. NO. 183 FULTON-ST., Brooklyn.Committee, presented a reportthat measure.at- tracts so full and faslilonable a house as that which assembled last night to witnese iU performance atlarge rise, high speed,improvements.Itaeta forth the character of the petitions circulatedTorialsa*.Messrs. S. 0. Hsaaixa h Co.GBBTUtHsnton-st. and No* 4S ADn-tt., occupied by oarselvea and Robert Bonner, of the Nev-York Ledger, was yesterday_,. E. G. GBAJfiAM, No. 10» Kassan-st., Ksw-Y»rii*_through the country, showing the Incorrectness andOCO OR DENTAL SNUFF. The new Parisian Dentrifice. Unequaled{ietiilaDa,by means of which taxpayers were Induced to put their signatures thereto. A clear statement is made, baaed upon the testimony before the Commit- tee, of the destructive cliaracter of such leglslatianand comic at that, it seldom contributes to the pecuniary success of the season. The Interest whichNiw-Yoax, Jan. 30, letO,cleansing and preservative qualities. GOLJyjn-aS"I'guponprosperityof the merits of State, and of measure this sudden awakening to thebcoke, papers,„ _„ Vew-Yortr^jjg^^Agent^The friends and P»'">n» of^^HFi^el ar^e resp^eot^f^tt^H^y th^ Eo^<^>the commercialand scmsbeen hundreds of dollars in bank-biljs. were in <ine of your ed for sale. Those desirous of purchasing can haveThe blU was passed Councils of cities to compelSOLD EVERYWHERE. chants,,t No. 592 Brosdway.j„|„bj^ fii£Sruntil resolutions were reached, and adopted Mr. Tab Hoxb'b resolution,be particularly comfortable in the vocalof the part, but exerted himself with average com- placency,andsometimessunganote. Fsaxi,astheLINIMBMV-TBE GBEA'TES*daia of business fhjingynanasticsGREATEST IMPROVEMENTYETfrON'f'S.Jlduction in aadieal ssiswie. ehsMeng«sproduceabeteraadssrerremedy"r^Ulthe worPlfdO«-e exseinal oi^uufntnossosn.*^^J!»JltS»ittoitsoriginalcolor likewise, ACHIEVEDIN DENTISTRY.Dr. LEVETTS'^am«d*eKew-YoA.Mr Mex»»«tai"*to***"*''"''°°'corneragainstrock to an impalpable pewder, at the rapid rate of about fifteen bushels per hoar, and yielding a mnch larger quastity ol gold and silver than any other known process, and altogether the cheapest method ever devised for reduc- quarU and all other hard substances, with the SBiailest amoont of power, is undoubtedly the greatest'.partythoroughlysuthsoiling, etc., and calculating the respective value the family.^sixmonths, $36 60: threeconfirmingbeen secretlyby" The Blind Seamstress," "The Old *ingTheBominatienofMr.LoubsbustforPortWarden havenotventuredtointrudeuponthesceneoftheirGEO. C. GORDON, The JOS. SEAL,country doctors" an opportunity Although gattiered outside, this report is supposed to manifest their skill in dissecting cold turkey, beefWilmington, Dei.occupiedin its discussion.,to be entirely correct.The probability la that the Senate will remain inasulen all night.will be performed) not only by professional gentlemen, but by amateurs";no ear of all the copEleven F. Jf.—The Senate has journed. Haxt L. McaxAT, Josiph TraEaAM and Jas. CocLvaa were confirmed as Hartior Masters. Bfr.theB have a memberson egularTicket, prepared ticket,commending them to thoaaTAuusBnaoB for Hart>or Master, and Hr. LouKSBunr forPortWarden,werelaidovertillnextweek.ASSEMBLY.Albasy, Wednesday, Feb. 8.On motion of Mr.Bi:aM8, Hon. Fzrnando Wood was invited to the floor during his stay in the city.namesappendedfrequentJustTHE COMMERCIAL DEPARTMENTOpens with a rich dramatic description of a new•• INSTITUTION "calledthe" DISMAL SWAMP INSURANCE CO.,"of which it Is sufficient to say,(io order to recommend it to general public attention,}"the ImpraetlcabUity of running any line have of'rallroad Rossnn's music. Our RotmaaIn every instance. . DipfitNo. IWFuIton-st..ad-Masters and Port Waidens are being coasidered. I On motion of Hr. Mnj.Txm a similar privilege was judged by the activity this morning th^ the session1extended to Ex-Govemor Kmo, and on motion of Mr. H. Skoh to Him. 8. W. Pattusob of Chautauque Coonty.A luge nmnber of reinenstrances were praaented•faloat tte Pre Xeta biU, toIUag railroads, or any bly frightened for a week. So has the Governor—soan Interesting Letter from the Seat of Govern- ment, in which the writer takes the following view ofthe election of Speaker Px.vwiwgtox" It is a great Moral Triumph of Truth over Error—of Anti-Slavery Wisdom over Pro-Slavery Fanaticism —of Freedom over Slavery."All persons who agree with this opinion ought to readlawa interfering with the commercial the State.have not a few of the Senators.such determined importuning by the Executive andthis article it likewise.of Petitions were also presented for Pro Rata railroad;Price 13\tona and personalbills.Atlantic-avenue, Brooklyn,tiis firlends. was theresultis.I shall have te tell you by telegraph what LEO.ll]>erty liill towidenAddressFOR BALK BY ALL NEWS AGENTS.THEMOSTVALUABLEBI8C0VERYOFTHEAGE PERRY'SJAPANESEBOOT AND SHOE POLISH,TheTeported favorably.JOSE^H^i-HTSHARDS,-ifo. S Beekman-st., New-York.prosperityOB the Pro Rata principle. The minority believe itto have been clearly evident that the whole warfareoa railway interests is founded on interest, of the bestopportunityA BEAUTIFUL GLOSS without farther trouble.which enables the Commonthe attendance of wit- mdpunishfalseswearingbysuchwitnesses. nnaisDr. Marsh CendBnes to A*«ly hia Radical- yor all diseases of the Throat—BroncMtis. Hoarseness, oneofthelady'smostsuccessfulef- cureTrusswithsuccess,inefljcllngpermanentenrea CaUrrhalAltections.ForsaleatBCSHTON'S,cornerPrlacipal Depot JAPANESEP0U8HCOMPANY,Mo.417Broome-st.,One door West of Broadway.evaiwrat.ng meter ^^"°*MetersHmroejq^u.i^r^e,.Thegeneralfar dS»iP«on permanentScotch ballad " Comin' Mr. Caixicoit objected to its reception by the encore.the Rye ;" the latterWARNING TO THE SICK—printTl:e New-Orleans of the election PiMyu,t laya:" Mr. PiBBinOToB shares In theing aupix)! ted and vole J for Sasaaaa, either as ap-bis or ascourse, the lame extenua-deep guUl of his asaoaatlon wlttt the incendiaryr. u. maan ThePsu'kBr[He.'tataaws^lBtBU^.AxBAST, Wednesday, Feb. 8.Numerous remonstrances were presented against fill vacancies. But a Court ought to be established. tached to him, in this regard, SHxauAB would have Henry Terboss. of Ulster County, New-York.Tbehouseholds600MISERIES OF THB EVENING,damagea.Mr. Butler's design is to expose the follies of fashion- able life in New-York, and exhibit in these humorousthe passage of any law for the removal of the pres- ent landing of the East River steamboats.Hr. LswaaaoB presented a remonstrance againstnow thatmake uppublic business."assessing damages buildingshad.burningof the Quarantine beingmay be necessaryfor theon Staten Island, without a trial firstin tlie of State worits— prosecutionBeilemere,Mr. Miatnu gave notice of a bill relative to the faceoloenre and sale of the New-York and ErieKallioad.Mr. Mtmaaaa also introduced a olll relative tofile construction of a junction gate house at the res- ervoir In New-York.Hr. CoBBOUT submitted a minority report from the Xaiboad Committee against the proposition to toll frelghta carried on Rallroada.Mr. MaaizaBx gave notice of a bill for the Incorpo- xatlon of the New-York City Library Association.Mr. Gaasna introduceu a bill in relation to the Su- perlnteadent^ of the Poor in Kings County.have been made bankruptdorsed—the Constitution repudiated and the rights of the South outraged. Hon. William Pinbibotob, a^on Feb. 1, after a protracted and acrimo- Wednesday,ate, the Health-officer and the Physician to the Ma- Mr. SpxnoLA introduced a bill to incorporate the rine Hospitals. It also authorizes the CommissionerBvuie for Mand darkness."REV. HENRY WARD BEECHER contributes his usualSERMON.This week's paper will contain also a verbatim re-port of tbe interesting and touching speech made by Mr. Beecher to his congregation on Sunday, In reference tolOBf bland Steamboat Company.Mr. M *" Introduced a bill to create a new Ward l—1b the City ef Brooklyn.The bill to Incorporate a Wrecking Company Into exact from the vessel bringing a sick person into port, the sum of $S per week while the passenger shall remain under the charge of the public authorities. The vessel can be held by the Health-Officer until this money is secured to be paid. I beUere at present theQie Soatb. s( tbe State of Mississippi, aad especially and parti^iSlF ot the Congressional District of the State in whlsh thw are published, and to the commerelal community oC Iba South, as a medium of Information, certainly imsnr- passed, if at all equsled, outside of the City af Hew-Xew-Yoti was reported favorably.Tlia Ull relative to wills waa read a third time and sumalongurgingthesuperior qualifica-is t3 per week. It is said this 1b insufficient to defray the expense attending the care of the sick ABiaayaad Stisquehanna Railroad—the latter by a landed at the Quarantine Hospitals, and hence proti- vote of SO to 10. the of the Commissioners of Emi-passed, as waa alao the bill donating $1,000,000 to theThe Senate went Into Executive Session at noon gration to relinquish their control of the establish-shipping IntereststheRANSOM OF THE SLAVE GIRL. namedand at thepresent adjournment as ever.terest andably willingnesshour (11 P. H.) are as lar from an ment. 1 should not wonder if thecently paraded sundry extracts from the New-York attend. His remains will be taken to Greenwood for in- Herald as if to foster the growth of ssctlonallsm and terment."PINK,"^ It has able and vigorous correspondents an4 writers, whose communications ever insEnxet, in-After the most protracted and exciting session everheld, the nominations of Messrs. BAasia and RoBxar cent. Probably there will be a warm controversy HuaxAT as Harbor Masters, were confirmed by the and con. before the Committee the billknown, that, with all its pretended Southern tenden- o'clock A. M., Edwabd Jesscp, infant ton of Joseph Ed- cies, the Herald stand charired this day with being in ward and Jeimie Minor, aged 7 months and 13 days.pro amanimous vote of the Senate. undertaken up, when a warm debate is said to have en- Some of our bills havehavingthisIncendiary publications at 2 o'clock, from the residence ol his parents. No. 107and its circulation is suck that it can be found inplace of business and at every fireside in all South Ufa BisEippi, as well as in the river parishes of Louistaaa:consideration, Tke nomination of Mr. Tab TALXx.->BDsa was then tion of the Senate.reportedforsued.Tka principal opponent of the nomination is said tothey ? characterized Bxhbstt *' as a wretch who twars online E. N. Barker, aged 9 years and 11 months.by a New-York merchant, that for every answer—yeswill repay and does repay patrons a handred- told.of Mr. XrOcasBUXT for Port Warden would be rejecteda Missionarycosting anything.advertise, at least your card, in the FREE TRADEStherightaopoint Judges, excepttoinfamous book. Helperforthethat at-1,500areInvited.withlllustratians by JouGovernor has aButt>cen elected on the first ofthe session. Wetrust daytoOf that fact there can be no doubt The State ought to be held to answer for wrong, Injustice, or debt, thepaidUnder our present system,Dr. Jas T.Stratton.No. lll*th-av.BxixxliXEX.—In this City.on Tuesday evening, Feb.only child of Alexander.F. and Ada aged 6 years and 23 days.same as an IndivlduaLthe State, llu'ough Its officers, can do whatever damageThe Southern Confederacy, which persists in pub- lishing the "black and white list "of New-York mer-STEARNSMARTIN'Sor not and the person damaged has no may pay pay—redress only as it comes through the Legislature. This is wrong—it is a system under which thousands;pay principal and interest, and costs of collection. Hunicipaiities and States should enjoy no immunity from the same liabilities that you and I are held to.aSenatorRobsxtbobhas billtotakefromtheCom-missionere of Emigration the supervision they nowhave of the Quarantine station and Marine Hospi-tals vest it in a Board, to be of three andl composedCommissioners appointed by the Governor and Sen-following sentence: "Black Republicanism is tri-tend her funeral, on Thursday, Feb. 9, at S.^ o'clock P.Pill.,-in this City, on Tuesday morning, Feb. 7, ABB- uaDuabs Pxll, reUct of Alfred S. Pell, and last sur-and satirical sketches the lights and shadows of the SevenUen and a half In use. Ofyears Twelve Thsa-and why has the State therighttomakebankruptanyoneofitscitizens? If an individual commits a trespass, the law promptly punishes the oflender. If an individual contracts obligations, the law forces him to fulfill them—toDo you doabt it tgl^c Vew-tgoiof €imtB^ ^ftfoxthag^ Sii* ^M^tilled—arc telling their experiences, hcnseless. and having rifled his pockets, started the horse. The animal went directly home, and Mr. comparing their herds, counting the cost of draining, Banks was found in the wagon insensible by some oflast novel.VISIT TO THE ARMIES INmonlbs, $16 £0.4 squares, one ycdr. $'.0of short horns and &>u6sex Alderneys,givinghorses, and Southdown sheep.as the suns of toil ? Look over all thesetives of Agriculture, and find if you can a callous hand in all the crowd. I veuture the assertion that—The Doctors the State .Medical Society—are insession here also, but on the other side of the park. I have such a constitutional horror of the fraternity- Allopath, Homa:opath, Hydropath and all—that Iivaa then called up, and after a long debate it was deliberations. And yet, after ail, as you meet them sary. laid OB ttw table. in the hotel corridors, they don't look like such a Thewho an Executive Session.exposedtheofAmerican Instltnte Election. NOTICE TO MEMBERS.A circular, signed by Hamilton Fi^h and others, hasthey have occupied for many years, (with what effi- ciency the murmurs of the community too well indi-an opposition ticket, misWINTER LIFE AMONG THE POOR, ETCUABLES L Bp.ACE.Cootaioin;; stories of ''The Dying Woman," "A1 Proprietorsand CAMPBELLMARSH,! Publishers.aervingof expulsionproceedingsrepresenta-After a long debate, a vote was taken onthe nomination of Mr. VAif VALsavBuao, which re- anlted in a tie vote, when the President cast his vote against him.The Republicans known to vote against Mr. VabTaLxiaBDiQ are Messrs. man, and Manierre.a few ambitions persons,Gen.WOOD,theEditor,canbefound,untilflatnrday next, at the Astor House. ^CBRlisTIAN INTELLIGENCER OFoperas,SILVER BANTIED. For sale by CONRAD FOX, 81 Barclay -St., and all druggists^Ko.attaches to all the newundertaken by an artist:BomlBg consumed firefind one in the course of an hour'swillhunt. If these are sample lots of the tillers of {he soil, you may count me as an admirer of agricultural life.youhardlyDELAWARE LOTTERIES.Extra Class. No. 66, Feb. 8, 18S0.20, 31, 72, 67, 41, 74, 73, 10, 21, 54.Class No. 6€, Feb. 8. 1860.48, 23. 77, 1, 6, 12, 62, 29, 41, 69.Ragged Group," Lady."THTOE-DAY contains a Sermon to(Feb s) Parents, byofThe next nomination taken up was that of Haxt L. blood-tliirsty set of fellows. I'll say that much for thclmtitute has been long felt and acknowiedKed, and mailed free of charge, by sending tonecessitythe members having at last l>een fully aroused, haveulty here give thea la mode, boiled lobster, &c. It is expected that some ciency and usefulness. Seveial of those who have"toms " of Ihe Scioto River. " Since I have been free,''nominated gentlementhe character of the Institute, and promote its effi-controlled the operations of the lostitutc for a long series of years, not having been renominated by thewho have been Invited to assist.The debris of the Hardshell Convention has drifted for reelection. The influential geutlamen, whosesaysexceedinglyskillluloperalionsBut," he added, fell to my share !"speakHmV-f—tRuBsau, waa confirmed as Port Warden. Mr. Vab down here. I notice to-day, Feunabik) Wpon, Ex- areto their circular, never SecretaryTucxbb,Dr.BaAsroan,Hon.DavidM. tbeinstitute,areunacquaintedwiththetruestateofChaubcxt, and others of that ilk, among the guests at CongressHail. Theyrepresenttheir convocationatthings, and, in allowing their names tu be used, have been isSuenced by personal considerations.The mtmbers will reeollect that the true RtoriAB, BiroKH MxMBXis' TicEiT is headed aa follows :FOR PRBSIDBBt, ROBERT L. PELL.ISAAC M. PHYPE. Chairman Nominating Committee.deocecharacter toobs'rve the 1as " a love feast." perfectSyracuseIt was Executive Session again to-day, and as IFront tke Pittsburgh Gazette,am writing the Governor's nominations for Harborand that Mr. Jones OL'B WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENCE,jCents.F. A. BRAOT,No.MABB-st. generally.DO YOU WANT LUXURIANT WH1SKBB9 OR BIOUSTAGHBSfONGUENT wUl force them to grow heavily in ••« weMeyks (upon the smoothest fkcs) without stain or mjary to the skin. Price fl—sent by Bull, post free, to aaF address, on receipt of an order. _was expected to be more thanthat perhaps it might be protracted t>eyond the usual hour. It Is long past the time for breaking up now, andyettherearenoindicationsof anopeningofthe doors. Some of the noaiinees have been most terri-I never before knew so much resistance on the part of Senators—never$U)0 90 75 66 iail who do not agree with it, ought to readAcademy ofHaale.It does not often happen that the "BarberiK,unfalraesa of the figures accompanying those printed the Academy. Although one of tiie most famous of Great Fire in Vnllen and Ann-streets.partsso peculiarly gifted as Miss Paiii explains in a greatthe stock of both oeocemsis made by passing the sponge,attach- of witnessing the full, rapid, and complete of tbe leather, whenSTICCKK. TWO XIXT-,As STARR'S CHEMICALLY PREPARED^^ CLUE tornmatronly, both as regards age and bearing;youngof this Mill.Mill has keen in operation at a large pnt>lleand charming representative of the part pr^udlce cided a novelty that it Is worthyoperstioBThis andexhi-appears**''""blushes to the cheeks of some of the male mem- to bers of the company, whose angularities increase inIW contents in an accidental lire.Ingpr«»ervton tile contrPaRryE,SERVES THE LEATHERAnd tioots and shoes on wliich it is used willthesents no dllEculties to a singer so floridPath increased tiiose difficulties voluntarily by the introduction of frequent high staccato passages. Ro-ToopenWater-street,Biook- Barbiire,acted His much t Mr. C. Kiu>T— finely. voice is a little tooe^lMsAi.d,a!a!-?U.M".—bB betwssa Grand 1^ axtsod 0ie ehaiterof comic music, and,theFMnefcTakeSfclrt. ispatented,andthepatenteehasretainedNew-York boas-sctter.whssetame """"^Sftec"r^f"'•«»«andNorthFirststreets. wornforthe rapid utterancesBroeivay,andsoldeverywhere.many patients Tbtabove isfaction hitherto anatlainable."ofDr.STEfHEHSWEET,ofinvention is C<m°*S,"£°VKat i? anriiV-T>LATBOFOK&BoftheAtlanticDockCom- consciousofthis, hetime Incessantly.-i: deaUe-p'lpiaat'seda tmSaobb -no-dad t*e^a^-^ssrw:oxus^,wi^^ 1^"'^' cii^jMiooeiiof tattniim «» "P""^)gM to the State by tt* »««M «<*• Q»ar«itiBassortmentof Gent a FuT-tESi^ri^^r^^^^^^ PARK, and aU dealers.oo.riuaiiB* ISJSS.TT/f^BAS'NaSRolD<'lSejvenrlygwnhelrxee.d. aad in tbe wori*.on the amountofWaverley-place,A SUM BF SIS DOLLARS. BY A 'd03TCheap..*preciseratio of theirpopularity.usuaUy interestiug.andJams C. Paksobs. Eecretary.SInser'e Sewing IM nchlnes. No. 2 sewing machinesNo. 1 sewing machinesThe family sewing machine,—A The family sewing machine Hemming gaugesbeingusuallyChampion Ssfes, an], after being expot^ed for 30 hourshas delivered itsto the flerv ordeal, up contents withoutthe loss Ola single dollar. Expeneoce tesches us we want no other Safe but yours.ais so de-recog-The music pre-;indeed HissWEAR AT LEASTONE-THIRD LONGER.hotel -nhoa^^,^^^^,,,,!,^ P^"!'"'" Aail's,o, the Bsn.freetiBC ai^d a«-,[i„ii,Also,tiiabilltoamendtheCharteroftheLong forts,musicallyanddramatically. Inthesinging MHernlaorRupturine,atNo.arVoeoemesy.-stT.rasLsaedsleo,fweavietreyd Broadway,BarclayandCanalsts..fiBll,eid.h«nrk.eBMfor U^^ws«-lBnad«B7.Island BaiUoad.Hr. Va» Hosb asked consent to a resolution Uivltingretenti«n of rupture, bath.ng t^sSM, supporiers, .hoolder-brates, .uspciisorj banda-TO LOAN ON BONB AND MOBT- SCARLET «ZU.l'UUiiage.onflrsVelauimpravedorunlm-decidedlylesson Miss Patti introduced aa echo song, and thenoSn by a female privateDYE, WIG AND BATOCUHPEELOFRAC'TgORY removed to No. 16 Bond-st.. yeaa-risf^.-cICrfonemtopra'anon'yp.^oYuimScoel,-no,taringprovingandouttMe support from members not ol inelrcandidate,party, to centra upon a man whose tlUe to Wheeler & Wilson's Sevrlac Machine. ths Protestant Church.^__^^____Albaay CoTTespondeiit.EKCOOHIZID—M«W COM- call in the second forinsurrectiOD.butoijiyMI8810NBBS FOB THE QtrABAHTIin KTABLISH-MIKT—A CODBT OF CLAI1I8—^Hi 8TATK AOBI-cnLTUBAL SOCIKIT—IBB MEOIOAL DITTO—THB defeat of Sbssbab, la worth something, as the sign and Toupees have Improvement* over all. This Is the to maintain a personal inspection and ovepightor thsMr. SasaMAB In thisfound In the first degree as recommeoding the HelperTimes.degree, as In tlie ranlis of those who support it with ex- and qualifications, who confess that there something in It to t>e disavowed, for the sake of peace. The elecilon of Ps:<Ni»OTOir, therefore, as thesays"I have taken tbe eatinmOlttih PICTORIAL KDmoir.elIbe pelled, la the face of an outsi>oken public opinion, to chang« their tactics, if not their prfociples, and togicalpracticeintheUnitedStates,presentedan WhosaysthattheeffortsofLtct Bb- givebackbeforethedeterminedwilloftheSouth. flrUiWeantdesr-asnid.e,iwuhteomnetnhtetricaottnhteiynuheatvoeserlelmovedtoNo. Bgementoftheworkduringthewholeperiodofthsses-XR^okl TOLCm OF Ltn PMBM. e. dfc O. tSXMMSAMtFOB ST. TALB«n*K«, Vo. flSs VsL «, BOWSBABT,ramliuiaia*elaborate report and awarded to Dr. Wslu the RxsnBx Robs, Abtoibbtts Beowb and LiraaxnAcradt of betng the dlacoverer of the anestheUcMr. PszfaiaoToif tbe House has secured to preside Bnntartaii.Fieuch and German Wines, Champagnes, Hor, over its deliberations a gentleman, who, although Brandies, Bavaaa Cigars. &c, at tise lowest prices.WILLIAM ALLEN BUTLER.The man who thinks so cannotGB0S8IN0SRBsdia and Parties vs. Snsw and Rain*—Ladles'kid and linen boou and for gali«r slippers,:ESQ.,righteousregardman. In both the Assembly and the Senate bills haveRev Prof. Hnntlnston, of Cambridge, assisted by Rev. Dr. Edson, at Lowell, Prof. J. P. Coou, Jr., ef Harvard University, to Hiss mast BtBOUBT, daogntar of Hon. Ellsha Hontiturtoo."St Valeatlse'sbyand eagnlphsd in sash an abyss of cause and other Qualrilies, arranged fcr Ante, violin, comet, star- vapory and sthsrial textares that she looked atonUks lonet, acosrdeon, Ac. Price 10 cents.tion Democrat would have done. It fixes certainlythe doom of every man suspected even of complicity with the publication and attempted circulation of theinvited to attend the funeral services, on Friday after- noon, at 3i< o'clock, at St. Thomas' Church, corner of Houston-st. and Broadway.invited to attend the funeral, on"riTz UCUHKoLwAK, was comiaenced in HARPER'S WEEKLY for Jan. 14.concoctedlobe reelected to high positions in the lostitate, whichcate.) and, together "29, 38,BeerGardens ;united, maycom-I:Stovb, Tbe Nashville Gazette remarks In the election of their snperi ir sion.'" He the signedwhite satin,balls and partiessnow and rain, at J. B. MILLBB A CO.'s, S»7 Oanal-st.elect such a man aa the preseat Speaker, we shall allprobably be able to get along together some years yet.Gov. Panif iKOTOB, though certainly objectionable, is amoderate and not al all violent. very Republican, Heis doubtless conscientious In his mental convictions,purely Molaal. OfficeBroadway."but without Kay olfeeling animosityDay Bedowa Watts—Ohas. ior hatred towards the South, and devoid of all sympathy for traitors, thieves and murderers, their aiders and alietter j. It is thought that he will perhaps not make so efficient a_been ordered to a third reading which fully recognizethe right of a married woman to the fruits of her owntoil, giving them exclusive control of their own earn-ings. If they shall never accomplish aught else, the presiding officer as some others of the House—proba- County Antrim, Ireland, on Tuesday, Jan. 17. in theALSOTHE 80L0 MELODlSf, KO. I,Sloabi—BlacX.—At RaadalstoWB, (near Belfast,) A raaolatioa was adopted appointing a Committee advocates of Woman's Rights may congratulate them- bly not CO much so aa Shiuiab—but the country wlU First Presbyterian Church, by Rev. J. B. Houston, as-the aattiarataaa. blawB^t oTa boiler pipe on aContaining twinty complete pieces, InaladiBg a sat afof tn to report upon the feasibility of amending the selves as having labored successfully. They have ties anda of great pnSA CO., XAn-UMMlawa for the regulation of the practice ofattained at leastone great and important concession- have wrung from prejudice and power a concessionfaithfullyuprightly,ability.very cold day, tlian like a of sne hi young ladypcasaatphysic and surgery In the Statetlon to appoint a Committee of fivs to report what that secures to thousands exemption from an meaaaies are best calculated to check the growingevil of tka adulteration of drugs by apothecaries,t A oommittee of three waa appointed to urge uponthe TiOglslatura the importance of the paasage of aA GOOD STORY, \rtTH.as waa also a reso-more genera] vaccination in the State. The Society adjourned till to-morrow morning, and tUa eraaiag visited the Observatory, and were afler-iraida entertained by Gov. Moboah.SENATE.and Shibmab was the candidate of tbeandsutes that when thestable's, hk discovered that there were flAr MrB.oppres- sion compared with which Slavery is infinitely' more humane. There is hardly a community in which is not known victims that this law will release fromaHelper lently refused to make any exnlanatloDs—yto diaeB,i(frsafaacfst" la these dars«(«aAbondage to dissolute and idle husbands. Ur. Habuosii has Introduced a bill tomiaht have been reached, and concludes as follows*•:3t7o'clock. Her remains will bis taken toraAsed tliis to feet, and ascertained that the total length of thetwo dresses was just two hundred and or the height of Grace Chnroh steeple !"ACCOUNT OF THE BALL AT GBN. BUGGE'S.s«bail#i'ii(i»imrpABysBDrofcifa- A 00„ BAjrEEM,tr aktaBaaalMaeahta well, aal if iha^tadoubtless forgive him that, if he wUl diacharre his du-sisted by Rev. 8. M. Dill, of Ballymeoa, Mr, Wiluah SiOABB, of this City, to Hiss MAOon, daughter of the late John Black, Esq.. of tlie farmer pUioe.C, B. SEYMOURNe. 10f Wssswr-Stto the best of hisMr. PxBHiaoTon ^rsistently voted for ShssmabTodicalM, an indorser of the Book. Shd inso-urged to this course, as it was said, by a [ear of ofiendlng hisdtMaeters.weUsBd admirably draws, ia a pa 'radical friends."The Mobile Adoertieer shows how a different resulthasto buy a doable maliciouslyhas organized, the members will lost time by increased devotion to theFeb. at 12 o'clock M., from the residence of her son-in-law.$1 iaAcWILDER PATENT SALAMANIWR 8AIE8.fCorngressfuUyThursday,9,Black RepubUcan, of New- Jersey, was electedSpeak-between our basements and attics.Wait until the festive eohoes ringing through the cham- bers which you open wide to wedding guests shall beassortment forsale atNO. 40 MUBRAY. ST., NEW-YORK*withMembers' Ticket," issued to the mem-;byThe Papal QuestionWSB by Our totally destroyed.Thean ed to the cork in each bottle, quickly over the snrbceof a reform in themanagementJAMES DUNCAN. Circulars, containing schemes for the month, will bs:in specie, which was counted out upon the grass, under agreentree. Themoneywasafterwardsspenttobuymiscalled the " Members' Ticliet," and offer themselveaFrom the PitUburgh Post, AtLg. 27, VSi. CHOSTETTER'S BlTTls.KS.-These Bitten have ob- tained a wide-spread and well-deserved celebrity in allparteofthecountry. Theyareanadmirablereiasdyiar agreatvarietyofstomachdiseases. Itissnfflcienterl-1. M. SINGER A CO, No. 4S8 Broadway, N. Y., No. UO Fnltos-st., Brooklyn.ImportsintteTailorsandOthers*The Grover k Baker Sewing Hachine Company have just introduced a new and superior Shuttle Haehine, PriceTsaas—By mail, $2 a year ble in advance.;by carrier, $2 60, paya-For sale byAnd by Newsdealers and BooksellersThe No. 113 Fal- printing establishment.HAIR wasvehementlyapplauded,andnarrowlyescapedan fSii"iJrtuSiisVcientiilcall,applied,byMAKSH& Privatehair-dyeingrooms.si^n'nnnthroughmkleu, and all Astor House. New--i ork.AE8TAB. Pllis are given and applied the moiaent symptomsJoaaoAK.GoiDniastotheflooroftheHouse.TheBousethenlaidonthetabletheseveralor- names.SIg.BaiosouastheCovntdidnotappearto .»*,v'«^r'.ljv„rataid'BaMHtshiJsrfaHmeosutserparetpraera^lrl-o"BofProf- entranceforLadies.rKVKR.— IJKadway'sBeadyBelief and Regulating ofSoTed propertydistribution of the operastrong inWe haveIrty.draggedSusiBiasBartolowasmen eontribnted 'largely to the pieaaantaeia of the..McLanBhlln's laspraTOd and nuidymade,allslses,ormade and Long Island Ferry AaoBio as Basilio wonderful to behold. Both manner. A sure fit guaranteed.and its exclosively for his own practice.8ifevening.Ob Fridayas Afoxhc'g,»?fTM'? "fSfJ^!vicinityneuralgia,«andTV -vsnr vsrinH AN EASY, SMOOTH WKIT-.remarkably square,gentle- wichandMurraysts.oIBreenbe made to Dr. near Broadway.LEVETT,matism, gout,sores, bnus. scalds, piles, 'uTM**f?L,e'ii^eJrSajMSn-^-=^ an rheumatic and nervous. disorders,ti. Ail sufferers houldB'"whoesa e aad reUU,atNo..'^gf^^^"Der Fiieechnti," with Had. CouoacompleteloX.,eareofthewasBATCHELOB'Sbearrested. Sold BADWAY A CO.'S office. No. 35 John-st.AFRIENDFNNEED-TBYIT.will receive prompt atSanSm. Address S. HOWE. BoxNo.773New-YorkPost-eflice.LvTVui .fiSstic stockings, knee-caps,in New-York. The a*»Brtlsor Is not a. SrnkerbatwishestolaanaoaastsattevdBenundoubt-Application, with about pron- partieBdarBCO.rHS.Tv»ey-Bt."E^KSm"^-'--'2i"k'i'^ :HAIR-DYEINGLISHMENT removed to No. W Bond-st. Private scarlet fever appear, the disease willmeasure. Also, anlshlag Goods kept constanUy.ed security.-,applicationsuspicioni>c;Lcolow,7, JcuA,chants, commences a triple leaded editorial with the Relatives and friends of the family are invited to at-—incendiarism in- umphant In the national metropolismoral of our daily life." The truest Comedy and Tragedy tor us are enactedsand sold, 2G0 have been tested in accidental flies. invite purchasers to call and examine the ctrtifleataaC some of the most respectab e firms in ths country.ADo as John Jacob Astor did—Advertise liberaliy «M*of tbe late Hon. James Duane.The relatives and friends of tne family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, at Grace Church, on nious struggle of fifty-eight days. The result shows Thursday morning, at 10 o'clock, without further invi-largethe d6p5t,er of the H>u&e of Representatives, by one majority,viving daughterthat the sentiment of hostility to Slavery has greatly increased since 1856, and that the element of North- em Know-Nothingism has been completely absoBbedtation.List.—In this City, on Tuesday, Feb. 7. Davip A.LxNT, Jr.. aged 1 year, 11 months and 5 days.Ttie relatives and friends of the family are respectfully ivited to attend the funeral, from his late residence, No.368 East Sth'St.. on Thursday, Feb. 9, at 2 o'clock.J^ Troy papers please copy.KES:«Aan.—In this City, on Wednesday morning, Feb.8v of hooping cough, Coba Locisx, only cliild of Wil- liam J. and Sarah r. Kennard.The relatives and friends are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, from tbe residence of her parents. No. lt7Bastaist-st.. on Friday, Feb. 10, at 1 o'clock P.pain,prelude ofinto themurderousheiesiei of the Seward Party."Candidates fsr theThe Memphis (Tenn.) Avalanche reviews theli/e of Ex-President Pisacs, and oiTers to support him heartily should he be nominated by the CIrarleston Convention.r. Douglas on the fourth ballot.Eighteen of the twenty-five Counties of Virginia which have appointed Delegates to the State Con- vention of Virginia, have expressed preference for for Ex-Gov. Wisi as the next candidate for the Pres-idency.The New-Orleans Delia gives a prominent place tocommunicationtions of Hon. JosxFH Holt for the highest office in the gift of the people.—Thb HgltALD AS AtrrHOBlTT. It has been ob-servable that some of our Sontherh sheets have re-menLLxxns.—In this City, suddenly, at his residence. No.437 Sdav., GioaoB H. Liips.Funeral services at the house, at 7}^ o'clock P. M. onThursday. The relatives and friends are respectfully invited. His remains will be taken to Walden, Orange County, for iaterment.WlLSOB.-In this City, suddenly, on Tuesday evening, Feb. 7, Cabinqtob Wilson, in the 7i8t year of his age.SaiTBU-In Brooklyn, on Wednesday, Feb. 8, of oiph- tberetic croup, Thomas S., son of Peter and Mary Smith, aged 3 yean, 6 months and 22 days.Tuneral services in Lecture-room of Plymouth Church, Brooklyn, this (Thursday) afternoon, at 2 o'clock. Relatives and friends are respectfully Invited tothemselves to the people of tne of Union,Presidency.The NashvtUenessee Delegation to the Chariestoa Convention will M. The remains will be taken to Greenwood forlnter-(Term.).Vnu* states that the Ten-WYNKOOP, HALLENBECK i THOMAS. bition, and theronghiypracticallydemonstrated,ridingmonths, $7 SO.2 Equares,one year, $25nition.MissPathacuwell—indeed,theimprovemenMl.itmnim gave notice of a bill to amend the she shows in this should bum •1,000 Reward will b« paid to any person that can Mines to be, without exception, the GREATEST IN- It without being soiled. It retains its lustra from four to have their rooms arrlva'^ STETSOIT.Charter ct Kew-Yoi* so as to create a Tenant-houseSepartiiwnt.Hr. Teeafljaa noticed a bill to create a new WardIn the City of New-York.important respect bring show that Herring's Patent Champion Safe ever failedVENTION aid IMPROVEMENT in reducing quarts CTCr witaeesed or known, and Invalnable to miners.BIGOS A SOOTHWICK. No. 81 Nassau-st.RVSBTON'S PASTILLESs Or, TROCHES,to seven days. Taxas xs no Agio ib is to itinjureImt,;8 C. HEBKPaItNeent* CO., Kire ud Burglar- Proof of Herring's ChampionSafes, No. Ml Broadway, corner of Morray-st., oppoeitethe City Hall. Kew-Tork.Patentees and Uaaufkctnrtrs:latorcomDioea. tu""-; -r ^jji, mereaasa suoaaiBSi30percent.isga»ranieea, ExaasiBe It No family shouW beStore»£"g^'"SSdiS^?tiSiSShJ 'i^^r<^uS^WSt-l lspectfully reaidence, No. Feb. 9, at m Greenwood.West 13th-st., ea Thursday morning,Haah.HAMHABPEB'S WEEKLY. It readsread by "fast young men" and retired liliilapi.' H woold do them good.—iiT. Y. Svensng Fott.BewtBi-HacUne Camsaar attention of the publfctoT tlI RBT. STKPBBN B. eoBtrlbntas (he second article of hisThese lateresting, popular andpraeUoal letten eoi>- taining the resolU of the experience of the most suo- cessfol eonductor of Sunday Sohsels In the country, ought to be in tlM hands of every Sunday School Super-Ratchclar'n Hair Dye, Wl«s and Teapees.- Tbis celebrated establishment is removed to ^o. 16 Bond- St. Twelve ofsupetintendenee myself. From the commenoement of this Sofaool I liaveinvited to attend herfkBeral, tragi her late Fungus'(sheDxATroN.—In this City, on Wednesday morning, Feb. 6. atNo. <Depan-row, willuh 8. DBAiroic, son-m law of the late Uortimar Livingston.twenty-five feet,TxBBoas.—In this of onCity, paralysis, Tuesday,The Nete Partner mClmgkamtCo., Vnaitn.-7, Mra. Haetba TtasoBS, SKcdThe relatives and friends of tne tamlly are reepeevkyHARPER'S WEEKLY, Five CenU sHumber— a year.FxRE-PROOF 8AFBS.of herst. HerismainswUlbetakentoHudson,New-York.M., from the residenceparents.17th-fullthought there Is something to be said against this new hasten the issue of disuiuon. Now, let it be also h.MnioE.—In Brooklyn, on Wednesday, Jan, 8, atllf history, of the selling of hsr mother at the auction- tural, commercial, scientific, literary and poll tint com-system, which increases the tax upon them forty perbefore it isbe published In every nook and comer of the South, South tth-sU, Brooklyn, E. D.queer titles,Here is one just now being ordered to a tliird readingMin the Assembly, " To secure to creditors a divi- justplace UI., thJday, (Thurs-to theAmeric^n Board of Foreign Missions—in all $200. Here is a chance for The Observer to makeas iiaviiigarte ftoot the fear that after the confirmation legislative enactment ccn do anything of the sort ? I head fit only for treason, stratagem and spoils. -Ti- he? gS»«Sher, David 7th-8t.. Wiluamsburgh, toandEvery man icnows his own business best, but, wishthepayof the Abolitionists, to circulate all sorts of The relatives and friends of the family are respectAillypolitics are unmistakably defined as true to the Soo^his back the scars of merllf'will ti!;* from the residence of herextensively circulated for a quar-as netes matter. Let It also invited to attend the funeral,(Thursday) afternoon,evsrxThis wonderlul IMPROVEMKNT In grinding'^'^ THE —UShirts Beady Made an* Made «• "PSjSJ./tJS LOnSnlTbr—tonate and distracted person. The flnder willPATENTATMOSPHERICFLATESFOBABTDICIALTEETH.—DrBee»e.iohisMedicalGazette,saysthateases. Sendteradieular.orbaya DR.BWEErSINFALLIBLE^^^^f^r.om^^^'^JS^ whatlthasdone. PrleesAe.aad«oc.b*• of liis use them with a comfort and sat-sxternsi remedy of the age. prepared the^roc^BMT AND'SI^OONanSdj-MK andCityApplleaUons must, therefore,No.a tISvorby It eopfsr grea return^behave heretofore dealt very little in msdicaltions, we are compelled in justice to the manqfl,to say that HOSTKTTER'S STOMACH BITTUtS i>een the means of curing us of a seven atta^ of dys- pepsia, and has removed pain in the stomach in a verr short time.AWFUL DEVELOPMENTS. GRAND EXPOSEor TBSSECRET ORDER OF THE SONS OF MALTA. BT AB STB WITBXS8.Feb. years, wife of the lateNo. 172 EastHesays:VaPREMIUM QUESTIONS.that Mr. Paroa, of Tlrginla, on the 20th of January, Basksb.-At Ridgewood, L. I., on Tuesday morning, A series of eight very troublesome inquiries addressed and it permeates the entire Southern States It is*the ac-do not at his place in the Federal House of Representatives, Feb* 1, NXITIB, eldest child of William Jay and Caro- tothe.Vcu;-YorA: Oiiserver, accompanied by an oSer, made therefore, a MEDIUM FOR ADVERTISING, sucha manybe Senator lUioioira. His oppoMtlon is supposed to sion of the property of debtors." Do you suppose tamioation," and he might have added as having a day, at a 9*^k P. M. Ihe friends and relatives also $25 makingwill be m readmesB tochastisements, heart tainted with every conceivable oan-Tbe Twisral patenU.Cooper-av., Ridgewood," C. Harris, Esq., will take theproeperouE condition.these facts before you, would it not be yoar interest temeo Danaos dona ferentes, may well be applied to Brca*K»» cam, at Southcontribution without ANAPPEALTOCHRISTIAJiSTHROUGHOUTTHEof Mr. Vas Tauibicio, the nominationMr. LocusBDBT was formerly an American. earthy," this afternoon, the State Agricultural Society themselves of its hollow professions and unreliable Feb. 7. GioEOB MVHI90X, son of Edward J. Woolsey, Hade by a number of exiles of Arkansas, who were LY, (10 lines to the square,) twenty five percent. heil^calculate not.The Assembly Chamber smells "of tie earththeHerald'spresentbiddingsforSouthernfavor. We Cooperav.. where conveyancestcannot wellSevere attacks are said to have been made having been admitted to the privileges of the floor, advocacy.— ZJdg-'^eW (S. C.) Advertiser, Feb. 1.WOULD,driven out of the State by an act of tbe Legislature, which compelled the free colored people either to leave the Sute or ^^ enslaved.advertising cardsorSenatA- on the course of Mr. theHAimon, who, after being a Democrat, AboUtioalst and aisles. The farmers of the State the well-to-BISJA1II>.—Simeon Benjamin, aged 64 years.byoneRepublicanSpeaker'srostrum, the Clerk's desk, the galleries —On the Slst u!t. Mr. Banks, a drover.wliile t'hioiifzh a piece of woods near New-Miiford, Conn., had his hor.=e seized by two men, while another; sixsix 'months, $18see how ccnvey to the house. «, 3 , Southern journals can avail WooL8iY.-At Astoria, L. I., on Tuesday evening.ocaTsaMS:Esq.. in the20thycart,fhi8»ge. —and WEEKLY1 square or lees, one year, $15BothDAILT mouths, $10: tiiree.. , At Elmlia, N. Y., Mrs. Sabah W., wife of::nsver failedwhole operation In allUlls. For the last three yeare I have given my wholetime and" - svBonvns. bj Ptgc gSTto go through aU the rooms aadclaasss, andwords in thatAuthor ofNothing to Wear," characteristic article onABABHLLA described"as envelepsdforty poundsFungus, who lovesdressand twenty- five bi Arabella's. HeEpisodes, catastrophes and bill offollowed by the midnight of crythe rewardtnefuneral sobs and lamentations. Wait until a sudden summons takes you in the middle of to-morrow from the whirl of Wall-st. or the business yon are driving oa 'Change, by a quick transition to the bedside of your friend as be closes his eyes in their last sleep. Wait un- tilthehandyouaregraspingwiththefirmestholdslips without a moment's warning from yourown.and the receding form of the best beloved vanishes in the mistTHEMOSTREHUNrEeRapaTfVEUM IN MISSISSIPPI!On tbe riven and railroads. In places of business sal by the fireside, in the hands of all, may be fonnd the nnssissiFPi free trades. WEEKLY $3, DAILY $8PEB ANKUK.INADVAS€n. WOOD A MARSH, Pnbiishen and Proprtatois.W. W. W. WOOD, Editor. TbeMISSISSIPPIFREE Natchxs,Jannarr.IflHLTRsDCB 'published enn Monday morning, and the NATCHEZ DAILY FBXB TKADEK, publisned every day in the week exoeptSna- day and Monday, in the crt.v of Natehes, iiiiHiiiismdOrleans.The FREE TRADER has probably the largest andbest exchange list of any paper in the State, 9sabnelmM every paper published in Miasissippi, (sixty In no? ber,) and paMrs, magazines and periodicals from everw State in tne UoioD, as well as several Euroncanjenr- nals. It furnishes its readen with ail 3e latast. fullest and most reliable tel^raplue dispaSehiB*artiolei :ht««MOnly nine years of ageblock, and of the Jewelled Ring which was thrown into meeting the requirements of ihe genera] reaHr, Itsofone of the contribution plates on Sunday morning.heris a news, acrisal-;givingparticolarsdelight.pendium, supplying the place of many papers, »~«—or no given to any one of vhe Inquiries, he will giveIt has existed andter of a century past, and is in a substantial, permanvigTHE MINISTER'S WOOING.A Review of some of the Criticisms ot Mrs. Slowe's 3 squares, one year, $S360;threemonths, $20.DELAWARE, GEORGIA, KENTUCKY and MISSOURI By the I'astor of a P"rotestant Church in Swii.'.erland, 6 squares, one year, $45; six months, $30; threeof theSTATE LOTTERIES. AUTHORIZED BY TIlS LEGISLATURE.The undersigned Commissioners, appointed by the Governor of the State of I»'-law.ire to superintend the drawing of the Delaware State Lottery, do certify that tbe following are the numbers drawn this day ;months, $22a history of in Italy."Seven weeks among the Wounded50.Half column, one year, $75months, $37 M.E. P. WOOD." A BLACK MAN'S STORY,"byThxodorx Tiltox.Giving a narrative of some singular events in a slave's career.B«v. J. M. Van Buroo.Letter from Dr. SimmODS,efwriterAt the third purcliase. the price of his body was paidsaysa tract of l.iud in Boss County, Ohio, on theBi^ Bot-it was covered with comgreatfield of fourfrom the Piltt*urgik United Prtsbyterian.We have tried BOSTllTTEK'S STOMACH BITTIBS for dyspepsia, and can favorably of their sifects*Last yearhundred and eighty acres, without a single cross-fenceto divide it!andhavenohesitation msuHerlng from any debility of the kind.that Solomon Slowfoot is PresidentAug.that Col. Zacha- riah Splurge is Secretary; the Capital is ail "safelyinvested" in Invests $10,000.Stump-corner Lots,"A complete and thorough SUBSTITUTE FOB BLACKING.Over which it possesses advantages inevery particular. NO RUBBING IS REQUIRED.forTHIS DRIES IN THREE MINUTES, andpronouncedbythebestPracticalMinersatthe Afterwhichacambrichandkerehiefmaybepassedover solicitedtogivenoUcreaodfy'o^n''liBtS.bydruggistseverywhere.:;^s»sugTnfiw ing man. It is a certain and unmedjaie cn^ '^ ^^ dessertterrta for sale, at tt« fvest prieeslB the Cite.••T^aJUSs,eify?««"» Table glvthawassajiaaa&aM.of VV .^Foradded when the advertisement in appearsaxABT,Thus itThe Late Prof. Alexander, Bev.T. L.JipanGerman SundayFnlton-st. Prayer-meeting NewsofCuyler ;tle as-;hiofqnantitiea of it shipped by Messrs. Hostetter A Saiitb, the proprietors, to aU points in tbe country.its beneficial18, I8S8. Knowledge is gained by experience, and though v*ADVEBTISINO HXIU*other matter in the WHE-six months, $22;tae ^;to Ibe Ketera.d__;; theChurohes.and1 UCKfe CO.,ofrnerCUsf«t tks Aaay OSes la WaU-tt,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069on hand, by 1. u. Biu- of FtUtoB and WIIU*bM>SestUntitled Documentwww.fultonhistory.com 