 MmConsidering that this noble desire is in the actual mo- on Thursday night last the captured vessels, the Utijeand Charhs and Jane, were released; and on the ment premature, would lead to the shel ding of too much word of Villamarina that tney should go direct toblood, would disturb ibe rejrolar course of affairs, the Genoa, men and all, they were not accompanied by aregular and successive deveiopmei t of which has beenordered and arranged by us, and, therefore, far from Neapolitan vessel. Tbe release was made in the formof a iavor, aid m very fluttering.terms to the minister Jacvormg, would retard the ultimate and complete tri- of the Uniu d States, who refused to accept it as aumph oi the great Italian cau*e,WeprovKL— favor, stating that the affair was no longer in his .Lord Palmersttn proceeded to speak upon the sub- 1. Until a new edict be published by us, the greatest hxnds, and entering a protest, which was accepted by/ ject. He enured a mild^ protest against tho action ofable instructions, w^ trust that no time will be lost in arranging a conclusive settlement. . The lawsuit, if wemM e of expectation, and I cannot »peak too highly ofwere broken mU> by the soldiers hist night, and pil- pending, aud that the Canadian line hud offered £200,- ./^4^;^,^«^Hi^,not been frequent, and is justly regarded by this House with pe- the United States Government has euforced its peace- culiar jealouwy, ns affecting ttie right of the Coiumouo to grant" The only safe place at present remaining in Syria fortunes, proportionate to the period of its exist- is Beyrout. Two British vessels of war are lyii ig off*01 8•wel•wri ... Wu<?"%.&* A'//police are humble, and commissaries full of benev- On Thursday night, besides the sentinels and severalworked quarries in the neighborhood of Paris, to ' at .£300,000. Effort ^ere being made to avert forced tremely gratifying to the vanity of any corpse or the culture of this \ commendable vegetable, andSi4people,andtakefromtbemtheir/»0cka.^At tga 'andthemarshalhaBhadafewmenarre?tedLTbey; emptied the bouses from' the very tops down to the;nunthe^i^anyyears—alsohadtheprivilege,itis theCouncil. :sai°V°>/agistingintheChurchatthefinalreligfo'ua ,-...-•••••••j.—•-:-.->."-•• ;-K .^- •-'*"•;'±••••••'--:>i-^t:r--jfo^mst^• .w•• ,''•'...i -.ROME.A rumor was current that a movement of Romantroops toward the Neapolitan frontiers had taken place.The reforms which the Papal Government had de- cided upon gi anting were to be promulgated shortly iu a motu proprio. Among other concessions, the Pope grants to the Consulta of. State a deliberative vote onthe private conversations at Plombieres.But I leave Italian affairs to your Italian the neighborhood of Mount Hermon, have been taken,*m:and the Ministerof Foreign Affaire had an interview,A telegram dated Naples the 5th, announces that a and yesterday his royal nigbness, with the Sardianan tbe repetition at Messina or Naples ofsu^h atrocities as>• -2X>4*^w<<.ww*-«***^^77JUSOOrVAL O? THE AFRICA.l**w^**^^"->.Wft ^«^wi rTTite Fowrtfe of July tn E^ftla nd and -5*1- France•^R^Xik^y mTatiwo:%' -.-:<•',^bich sailed from liverpoeJ at 10 o'clock, on tneworwiag of tbe 7tb and from <Qucflnstown on the vsuffeivd long and bitterly from the barbarities of those Her M B £ ; ; . Y ^ ga!a-hbat Intrepid arrived here yeBter-, satellitesol*despotism. Capri, Pouza,.the Vicaria,'and day^.om ^aita, and1 left'immediately, for Palermo^. Santa Maria, apparently 's«nt forth their victima to Tn'e news ofsthe arrival of the Sicilian fleet at Palero\0,the copious cor'espbndence pubKsbed in tb^ee columns, Gen.-Barney,in' cbmmaud of the American forcesinicsued. Hursia eng-fgee not to offer the remaining•*. '•*;f8T*. :Mp^?•" in. • •\"# , • . < .•^K^*^',*^*.-.'>*•*'• ->.^.><«ft^.^»»»ir-.^<Kv^-^-v«(^^-*)-;vf*i*:y*i^*f7*' ;'ti»eboupt'B.andtheentrancewasforciblymadethroughw^ereaveraeto. tlietransfer....:Vi.111<•'•"•/:.:unfortunates who were found; they were manacled No -movement is reported either in Sicily or on the and severely beaten, and in many cases given up to tho•*•»»»»«« .,, . • " i ^ ,.6«ri*valdi, hi 'a letter to the Itahan Committee m London, p Ants oxtt the urgent need he has for a flotilla, aad suggests that they might possibly procare lor himmi)itary. So were all objects of any valuevand I re- eoid it to the.great honor of the Neapolitans that up co this moment 1 have not heard of a single theft, nor csin I verify the murder of a single policeman, thoagh eev-eralare reported. Of course, not a singie member of. that body is to be met with—they have completely dis- appeared. Some are said to be be in the castles, and if. th'e Government is wise, it will ship them off at once to;Count Amari, Garibaldi's erxvoy at Turin, has juat received 3,000 francs from tb/j inhabitants of Vioenza,Government, it would have converted Gen. Scott's legal scruple into the first sta^e of a premeditated wrong. Tbe world and posterity would never believe that the objection to a joint ciyil occupation, and the subsequent claim of an exclusively American jurisdic- tion, did .not come from the same councils, and that Gens. Harney and Scott had not.a-good understanding one with another. At the'latest, date, "however, w e were left, still iu Suspense as to the countenance, which Gen Harney might expect^ Or might, indeed, have reason to know, be would receive from nis Govern- ment. It was.too natural to apprehend tbat the Presi- dent of the United Spates might feel himself bound to-go along with the most forward assertor of American claim's, and take, the most convenient interpretation tbat might-find a supporter. • It seemed almost a para- dox that the American Government could be behind any portion of its citizens in the race for dominion.".The bread und'the bli<ke', th« beer and whisky, " Which made them frisky gobbling there,came back to town in the evening, actingin a man- ner to excite the pitying contempt'of the French po-;wax. .».§•..*... t MarinePublic Works....SKNHOR OARCIAUS. • .SENHOR BENTO DA SILVA, .SENHOR HORTA.—: »SYRIA.•1•sc «o*ple «f'Steamers, armed with Armstrong guns. ,A Naples telegram of the 2d met., says:" The state- o? aeige has been raised; the Comtitntion one of the islands* hitherto tenanted by some of tbe':.voked the unlHcky General Ortega to risk and lose his head in a foolish attempt to restore h'im, the Count, to the Spanish throne; he who, thereupon, saved his own worthless neck, by renouncing op for- mal documentary parchment, all claim of divine•«f l & 8 W b e e n proclaimed; * e Prcea laws of 1848 tbeie isamilitarygaard. 01 course; these excesses, and !8<9 have been ru^et«bHsbed; the Chambers are however much to be expected, must be put a stop te,aonvokedtfbr the 1st of September^; and the National and every st*eet and square was 'speedily filled with 'Cfoard ba*' been provisionally reestablished. Naples is soldiers and artillery. The state of siege was ordered.Sentinels were placed at the corners of ail the Vi«fti, ^traoqda. > and at one mou^nt it appeared to me that a bloody en-•• •••*" 6k?noTTreseobaKH, the TepTeeentative of the D a t e gagement was inevitable. • . ;•According to unofficial announcement in the morn- 0»afi#BwAy." ing, San Carlo was to have been illumtnatedj and the It is-eeneoed that the most violent pressure was public buildings; but the former was closed in couse-The French mail steamer from Syria, which aa>Vhof Tu*casey, has taken dovra'the escutcheon of thel>ebfl;have adway s lbBowed. 'It is neeeesary to temporise, in©roVr to neUtrahse the activity of diplomatists, who ' thi&k t>*at Piedmont, to-save >the Neapolitan dynasty,Turks, it was added, were more.or less favoring their; ~ up to to-day—whatever may happen to-morrow—'• cause. . '- ' '.Camille Cavour has been, on the whole, the ablest, Yesterday the French mail steamer from Syria ar-•Guth; fortlMr. ItheS-1pre** andb catioi rope; repor Ghot ^Lif aevej Iarg« ebrsl ptedi « A b repri and] the voln cauh fhlli inla j6rom •«rhi< yearise li Jiolit £lasc pboi• 3iiv< traci cuitiApt*Appi pleat bock it is •wor Gra andverj the e l SehonId adhere to the proposed alliance. Such,an alli- Grace and Justice, a just judge; Prince TorelU, Ec- ance is inadmissible on •account of the opposition of clesi>s'i*al Affairs, he-nest but t*-pid; Manna, Finance,food (Ruggiero should be chosen); Federico del Re, >pnbKc opinion." nt>rior;'Ritucci, War; Garofalo, Marine; La Greca, The Independence Beige -says that Pie3mont has Public Works, excellent, though not energetic Forplaced conditions on the acceptance of the alliance with the moment, perhaps, the list is as good as it could Naples wbkh are eqtdvalecrt to a refusal. For in- well be, but it requires • modifications, and should ourexiles, who include *Jie. great • proportion'of the talent •teneo, the Government has demanded that the Nea-" of the country, return, we shsll have, no doubt, an in- poiitan Government n<-t only recognize the annexation fusion of thenu The present Ministry is, of course,of Bdmagsa, but the probable annexation of the provisional. . . . . Nmost efficient, practical worker in promoting the rived with further intelligence of a recent date, whichgreat cause of Itahan nationality. 1 will not say fully confirms the report previously received. Thethat he has outwitted Napoleon; he has done better; following private letter from Beyrout, dated the 20thhe has secured him as an accomplice. Garibaldi's instant, contains the more authentic particulars of tho ' strength and Kimr Bombetta's weakness are to be news ibat hae epre*d at alexHud'ia.- , \ r • '. :.v mediately attributed to the Congress of Paris and'Karen*s and of TJmbria. The relations between the Court of Naplesaud the Holy See render such a course knp0i>«ible.On Friday, morning we received the news that the example of Naples had been followed in all the com-, munes in the neighborhood,and that the commissariats had been sacked. At Cartellaroare great apprehensionly' ' inment.from the stores of the French garrison to the ill*- the places being captured a larg* number of the Chris-Lt Nord states that the conditions which the Court had been awakened, as in the general indignation • af Turin desire to impose on Naples were as folio ws; againet'the police, and sympathy with all who were inFirst. The Government of Naples shall definitively slaves—the very worst characters, and who amount to break with Austria. Second. It snail give and cause a thousand. The French line-of-baw'e ship lying offto be* accepted at Itvme the counsels which itself has received and accepted. Third. It shall adopt a line of policy tending to the complete independence of Italy. Fourth. Froxbieed reforms shall be really effected.Castellamare landed some of her men, and united with tbe soldiers in the maintenance of order. At Sorrento, too, where tbe people are so quiet, the same scenes occurred, thougn there w a s no personal violence used, nor was there, indeed, in the former place, as the son oi the commissary threw bimeelf out of the window,Legations, or save Uinbria and the Marches.Prevo it Paradol was condemned, the other day,the place, and a frightful and indiscriminate massacre of the unarmed and defenseless Christians ensued, tho..->'. - A letter from Genoa, «ay athe Sicilian loan for 45,-000.000 francs was almost concluded. It would be is- and thuH escaped the vengeance in store for him. Sim-our interests and our honor were not suffered to lapse his witty pamphlet entitled Les Anciens Partis.inflicted by the Druses are most heart-rending. •" I n eeveral other places the Druses induced thoChristiana 10 lay down their arms, on the assurance1by default. Loid Lyons immediately communicated with Gen. Cats on the violent proceedings of. Gen.The significance of the pamphlet was not so much in its own ingeniously-written phrases, as in the factVI•* Oaomenu'~ '••s ***»mm^mmmm^s^^^&i••• •••.--..tjifyi:« H '.'i'*.->'*^*SfVW««*"**'W-'"• ••-&">t>#$ son mmcourse Of theevenuiKw ««>»~~~pardmand Iwasabodyofcavalry:inthe..Largoorthe furniture and the papers in front. . Woe to thoseGaribaldi has made numerous promotions in his army. Cols. Tuny Sirtori, Bixio., Medici, and Carini are appointed generals, and the/i*e are ten or twelve new colonels. •. -.- , .-.".Tho new Ministry had be»n formed as follows President. MARQUIS' DE SOULE.criminal prisoters. There they woedd be safe, becauseTefuge of the Chfietiauje.'ahd' burnt it ab wh. "Itieeaidlthat 1,000 Christians were murdered.Upward of -60 villages are reported to have been dO"--•:vy:"#mWHheddor,;theboltshavingbeenbrokr.h;cleahoff;s ..| waeabody of -f»^^M^^^&£SSS^ - Tuesday, June 26 —It has been'' proved that *he late'grandfather,ha^i am told,aplace ofmourning eijoftbeEmpirehadagreedtoadvisetheEmperorto '<'£'*f> allottedinthe,Ohnrch of the Invalidesj an undis- graataconstitution to tw subjects,andih*tamotionputedly ilb^TOate daughter of the deceased--a to that effect would soon be mrhMllybton^tbeXetobeiag-cXfOrcised by the ¥Scneh Emperor on ooth the quence of the stateof siege, and not a house did I see,. Tegiret, however, to say that 7the latest news received tbe supposed destiny of the Empire; Thus far, how-; '0©-«rto-of Naplea and Tarm for the enforcement of a except public buildi-gs, wbich had anytning like a fight in it. The appearance of the city w e l repfe-•onied-sration equally repugnant to the one and the sentea the general obscurity in which we are. Mean- •*L«rt while, all with whom I speak distrust the King, bisThe ft*mi-official Opinion* of Tarin, in reference to family. his entourage, and 3L think it is impossible thatthe new order of thrngs should go on. Besides, it isherefrom Sicily is not good. Since Garibaldi's \you- ever, we are gratified to learn that matters do not pro-...• )cept the proffered alliance of Bomba II. But the been a'tacked and burned flown, and iu many, the «dlk conditions that Cavour proposes, whether accepted CTop of cocoons—tbe principal source of subsistence of •the inhabitants—had been utterly destroyed.- but t h e or rejected by that unlucky prince, secure the con- loss of fife was not great. A few days later, moratrol of the fate of Italy—so long and so far as it re- Btartlipg and alarming-intelligence began to arrive* mains subject to the control of orthodox diplomacy, The advantages in tbe s t r u ^ e lay almost entirely on and law of nations, and the rest of the orthodox the side of the Druses, who were becoming more and bosh—in the hands of the ablest living European more maddened into a state of savage fury with thethe proposed alhanee with Naples, says:'*The Ministry nrmlyiadberes to the national princi- Gariba»di and Piedmont. The position is this, I thinkremarked, we are already, pledged to other plans withple, ai d rtfoses «o. enter into any engagement which —Naples is not the mistress of her own destiny; shemiidbt carry th«ni away from the Kne of policy they must wait to - see what piedmont does, and also the At first it was though',. that the party in question hudl>era« . ' cate.t 4hent Bui-drarmy of exiles out o f the .country.The list of Ministers appointed and-.gazetted is asfollows: Spin*lli, President of Council, moderate; De Martino, Foreign Affairs, honest and liberal; Morelli,not a chance of success for any of its plaus, 'but tve now see that if it. can do no good .under: the acsu.nl cir- cumstances, cf Europe, it can do a world of mischief by dividing men's minds. -It has't'aken advantage of La Farina's misdon to the island to spread abroad the rumor that there is a party which wishes to deorive Garibaldi of his powers If La Farina really loves his naive land, the best thing he can do is to quit it immediately, and so.baffle the insidious purportof •thattbfct'eubordmation as well as character was at stake in tbe due execution of Gen. Scott's arraug^ihents. He had left matters On a footing which tended to a fair and ditvpassiona e settlement of the question. This appears to have been the very thing which the firebrands iu the neighboring Territory of Washington desired to avert by all possible means. They would not run the risk of justice arid truth. What if it should indeed appear chat their'pretension wae unfounded, and that the British had t right to divide tbe mid-chaunel with the Ameri- cans, and take the island that lay on this side of that boundary? This must' not be. So the American settlers in that remote region thought the only thing to be done was to push claim after claim, and build one assumption so fast on another, that tho Brit- ish Government, at a distance of ten thousand milc3.would never be able to overtake The rapid coarse of material' aggression. The American jurisdictiononce actually established on ever so' narrow a basis, furnished commissariat of Koine; it lets in ban-tbe Lland or San Juan must soon be occupied by ished Piedmontese priests to residence in France; in tbe Serai, or garrison. The officer in command of.American settlers, only too happy to bracket their pri- it buffers the bishops to print financial articles, the Turkish rroops innisted upon the men giving up their arms. They did so, and th«» weapons were sent vate claims with a public quarrel. Alltuat was wanted tossing up the advantages of the Roman loan, in oif to DaniH8cus. He theb entered ia-o a parley withwas"delay.. An ineffective order from the Govern- the shape of Episcopal pastorals. It is by such the leaders of tbe Druses, which euded in tne gates of ment, or a question instead of an answer—any evasion measures as these that the Pope will recover the the iseari being thrown down. The Druses enteredprison, there was an attempt to liberate the galley all financial questions, in which, until now, it had onlya consultative vota; but these reforms are to be granted on condition of the integrity of the patrimony of St. Peter being guaranteed.GREAT BRITAINJp-tbe House of Lords, on the 5th hist., the state of ilar reports come in from various other places, and the affairs in Sicily was debated, . aud the conduct ofwould answer the purpose, and give the Americanstime to pour across from the continent,and render theisland too thoroughly American to be ever rescuedfrom that.' grasp by the distant British Power. to fine and a month's imprisonment, for " exciting Turkish troops passively looking on. A few of theChristians contrived to escape, and have taken refuge Thanks, however, to our ; Minister at Washington, " hatred and contempt against the Government" by in. Be>rout. The etoriea they relate of tie crueltiessued at,85, andto be reimbursed in fifteen years by an- fever will run through the land, of course, and wilt be Garibaldi was eulogized in the highest terms by nearly Barney, and, on the matter being referred to the Pres-•LBt# taairiiTMkm' jUHnr-' Jrffft" &IHm^m^ml^w&m^ 1860J000, while'•the London Directbre demanded^^£240,00^ for the .interest of the line; The Irish Bhareholderalagled.;'The robbery IB rathe^ two Bentrie* -wereIf % V<^oihe Bonaparte Patterson of*m''f;'-;.|Vr;.*vi^pFrom ThbI^ndon Timet, fay &J>Altliongh >it takes rather a etrohg ffi^p to remind the;BritiBhcpublicthatt>orej8enc£aplaceasthe iSuiaie^okplace,andthe>-uoBcawerecompelledto cellars,takingawayeventhecharcoal. Agreatmany IslandofSanJuo^"Lnatitisnowindisputebetweent&Liif Wnd attack aouie of the show then.eemsfo the Toledo and atgjkrpbberieswere perpetrated by the Neapolitan soldiers, -3^ A e pdSce, acud with great moderation, ana quieted ;men must therefore have been'employed ,' and as meo-^tinned above,' the sentinels "being plk'ced in all direc-usand tho Unh^j SUies, and that pending thi^ispute bneeid of t>je j-Lind is occupied by asmall American force,- ana. the other by. a British force of- about equal^ v m o m e s : , ' . ^s«v«n»g of the 8ch>>Ji»t.., ttriwi liere Friday morning* add oil to the fire, not to speik of many other places of is confirmed. It is now sa'dto be comlosed of e^vea The Vigo axriv**i at Qaeeruftown, and the Arago at confinement; and, however we may regret execsees, -.vessels. I hare got bo;d of the names of^hree or, themFaulkner), no fire-crackers, no toasts, no formal the prices or conditions of abei subscription just closed. 'dinner. ' It was &f6tc champetre, \xi the Park of Tbe new stock was quoted in London at par io \ pre*fprtfcawpton on. the evening of the 6th July.ITALY. • .. SAHJES AND SICILY.tbt-y ban not wreaked their Vengeance on the police.More troops have am v«d from^Naples. The tctal number at pre.°ent here is from 14,000: to ^5,000 men,Gen. Scott, and had.given orders that American juris-Prince Bariatinski had undertaken an expeditioi* against a tribe of tbe mountains, ne*r the Caspian 80% wno were giving trouble to the Russians.with the foHbwing addressM> the Sicilians:SICILIANS ! Vicenza, tbio day twelve years ago, was fighting against the foreigner; it was its third day of resistance. And when ihe general then in command was fwced by''unavoidable necessity to stipulate the suixenoer, not one o f the citizens tigiied th* unhappy 'apitulation; all protested they, would rather be buried under the ruins of their town. Now, having learnt thatyou, "aided by Oaribaldi, are breaking t^e chains of tyranny, Vicenza sends you greeting. May the daysoon come when we may emulate you! • *• [,Tbe Turin correspondent of The London Times says: •".Many young men have just left Turin for Genoa,lice.-.. ••'•"• \:'::'./:;•'• ?" The Count of Montemolin, he who lately pro- The civil war in Syria was raging with unabatort . j.*#*.1*M bpjfif, , vifeSS,'&^0D$^i^0^WS^e^^^^ATJSTBIA.'gardthe Neapolitans wouWhave been more than huuja»itt —the Wasbipfft^n, the Franklin, and tha Oregon. Sites' 'Govemutent and the arraB^inents made by flowery parkv where -which is not important, has been' of artisans and the Iazzaroni went through different ito be increased to 24,000. Antonio Pajno, di Bartolo, b. Violence, and the obvious desire to curry favor withThe AfricaX WWB,the arrival of the Connaught.About 9 or 10 o'clock in the morning: partieB of the classdiction sboulrf prevail over the Island of San Juan.'«••'.•••'parts of the city armed with muskets, sword-sticks, and well known spy, was shot this morning from behind a knives, and carrying' a tric-dored flag before wall, as he was coming into the town from hie country them. One after the other, they visited all the house. Three shots did the work.commissariats of Ihe poKce, sacked them, and burnedtheAmerican populace at any price, were not the only,nor the-most .criminal feature's in this act. Gen. . ;. Scott bad originally declined to establish a joint civil so that with what a tolerably furnished buffet andtm-—! : . ' X . PORTUGAL. . ' ' ' '' ' ®fi•• •'where they embark for Sicily. A part of them came Such an expectation is founded on the belief that ag- herefrom Panna. Two thousand five hundred volun- greseion occupies the place of morality in the United teers will he collected within 24 hours at Genoa. I Sti'tes, and that no law is admitted which conflicts withparticulars 01 the savage internecine warfare ragingapi»v I! netcj:GntiiJ Vitl.and d xeprei cal o kin:.-«fhatfc thi» n his ait Thesederful triumph, tbe period has arrived for carrying out the political organization, but the fighter of battles is no adept in politics; passions, fatal ambitions, and the like, are surging around him, which he, who thinks all men honest and disinterested like himself, is qui.-e un- able to allay, and therefore discord has beguu to show itself, even in his camp. 1 mentioned to youiu a for- mer letter that the Republican party had gone to Sicily..ceed quite at this pace. Gen. Harney has been re- called, his crdeis for exclusive ju-isdiction withdrawn, and matters left as they were when Gen. Scott placed Capt,." Hunt on the island, and before that moderate auo conciliatory officer was removed by Gen. fiarney to make way for Capt. Pickett, a man of altogether a dillerent cbara* ter.•!rumor."• •,r •• ." During the past fortnight 'affairs in the Lebanon have aesomed a far more serious character, faasbeeyeb and Rasheeyeh, two large and flourishing villages itti .att»l drawings. attended, it is to be feared, with the loss of life, as tne all the speakers. Lord Wbdehouse stated that Govern- ident, be at once ordered General Harney to be re- that it was the tentatory precursor of a numerous that tiny would not be molested, a promise immediatelyProvei na, ama, and camp materials were being Provinces have been fearfully .and cruelly oppressed, ment had received ho intimation of the appointment of called, and matters rettored to the state in which Gen. series of political pamphlets by stronger thinkers followed by their being murdered in their defens-desti'hie morning the Government expects something iuoontaioed quite an army of volunteers from all parts. ment; for though no; communication, was made to Ministers were asked if they had taken any steps to and,the interpretation-of the treaty. It only shows his month's imprisonment in a pleasant Maison de villages have been destroyed. Tbe loss of life has beeaThe French Consul at Genoa had refasedto sign the Villamarina on tLe subject. of the league before last prevent a repetition of tbe atrocities committed at that the Federal Government ia ready.to listen to rea- Sante at Pussy; and he writes for the opposition very, great.. The Paeha of Damascus has declaredjournals all the same. ' It came out on his trial that gagedtoconveyvolunteerstoPalermo. Therewere communicationwasmadetohisGovernment. On ofGaribaldioccupyingofhercuies. LordJohnRus- any-subordinateauthority. Thisconveyssomeassur- hehadbeenengagedtowriteforLaPresse, for Thursday the Count of Syracuse, Villamarina, sell'replied tbat her Majesty's Government had re- ance that peace between us and the United States rests fiveyears, at the rate of 12,000 francs per annum,papers of a capt* n of a French steamer, who had en- Thursday, yet I have reason to . believe that a direct Palermo by the Neapolitan Government, in the event 4,000 volunteers at Genoa ready to depart. monstrated with the Neapolitan Government against"TheDrusesofLebanonandoftheHainan,assisted&*&> by BedouinB, have been besieging Zanleh, the largestposs ble outrage. As far as it goes, it is a pledge that to be paid even if the paper should be suspended. and most flourishing town in Leoanon, containing aThe quantity of matter that he was to furnish in re- population of more than ten thousand inhabitants; putthe influence of his royal highness, who is reconciled reason to hope that theii-rexnonatrances would not be which bkid together the brotherhood of European na- turn amounts to something less than'a column of up to the present they have not been able to take it*\si thefollowingsubjects:TheNationalGuard,Adminis-withbisMajeHy,hasalreadybadgoodresults,andinwithoutdueeffect. .' -- .. tions. -• THETRIBUNE,daily,onalternatemonths. Tnedaybeforeyesterdaytheyweredefeatedbylha"It is almoet needless to observe that we have no It is a fact worth considering that the pay of Christians with great loss, fn fact, they have beenon a surer basis than a continued submission to every eonjmi*KK>n had been appointed to draw up laws on Minister, bad an audience of the King. -I believe that had been committed at Palermo, and he had every tbe United States will abioe by tbe rules of justicetrations^ Council of State, and Ministerial Responsibili- a great measure may be attributed to Mm the removalty. Naples was {tranquil, and the Constitutional par-ty was dessribed as more consolidated. A telegiram, Gaeta last Tnursday night. They were not permittedaatedNaples,Juty5th,announcedthatGaribald had\ marched against Messina.•.-Which have already been made public It appears that of Naples, and a viceroy, vo be elected by themselves, subject of the rejection of the bill repealing the paperother interest but the preservation of national honor • journalists, the number of journals, acid their circu- driven from Zahleh three or four •imes; bat it isfearedDISTURBANCES A T NAPLES. «The London papers of the 6th inat. contain detailsable, that an embas«y will be sent from Naples to tbe United States authorities had been perfectly satis- Turin, *nd that »he Count of Syracuse will represent factory.into the bargain, we have little doubt that most of ournearly 20,000. In short, the whole of Syria, from Aleppo to Gaza, is This morning's Moniteur contains a circular Of in a etate of the grearest commotion and alarm. Thequiet must reign in this metropolis. Di Martino. . . *concessions, the following violent placard was pub* of another such a wick as *hey lately had in Palerma.of those gone-by "enterprising towns," the eminent Orientalist will be sure to add to the world's knowl-1859. That is the continuation of the bloody and fox- are in the Castle Nova. - ,Kke paternal policy, which, in scarcely one year of After Post.—Since making up my letter I hear in sovereignty, has secured to him the name of Bomba II. high quarters, that, there is little expectation of a favor- Abandoned by England, by France, and even by Aus- able answer from Piedmont, and the country will, as a tria—abandoned by all—the vile man will now take consequence, be a prey to revolution; the fixed idea of refuge in that constitution, so often violated by his the majority of the nation is to get rid of the Bourbons,ancestors, and always hated and feared by him—a and Victor Emanuel alone could save them. Never- constitution which he will give to his people only in theless, Francis II., under the influence of fear, it is the hopes of saving, perhaps, his already tottering true, is disposed to go the whole length. The foreign throne; certain to deceive them to-day to betray them troops have been countermanded at the ports in the to-morrow. Neapolitans, the disgraceful trickery of Adriatic, and the most obnojeious of the police have the Beurbona is well known to you. Be, then, on been arrested. I bear that several were killed theother day; indeed, I can preity wed verify that four or five at Torri dell' Anunziata, enjoying the reputation of Hpies, were killed. Nothing can exceed the fury ofcharged them with heing partisans to the most gigantic and dangerous innovation that has been attempted.in modern times. He a sorted that while he supported the resolutions he was in favor of " action,"' and re- served to himself the right, if he saw any hopes of suc- cess, of giving effect to his. views, by practical meas- ures. .Mr. Disraeli and other Conservative-members sup- ported the resolutions.From Our Own Correspondent.Tour guard. To accept a cons-italien from the Bour-bon* is to betray our brothers in Sicily, is to betraythe country, is to betray Italy. Let us guard againstthe snares that are ltdd for us. Let us preserve onr- b tpeople against this race.Mr. Bright would neither attack nor defend the resolu- tions. He thought future ages would say they were the work of a very degenerate House of Commons. .Inefi'ectual eilbrts were made to adjourn tho debate^ and to amend the resolutions. But finally ail the reso- lutions were agreed to seriatim. .'At the-4th ol July banquet given in London by the American Association of that city, Mr. Dallas, in re- sponding to the toa*t of "the day we celebrate," inci- dentally referred to the operations of Garibaldi in the follownig terms: "At this moment, in a somewhat distant inland, a spontaneous and voluntary insurrec-leoD, the last of the Napoleon Brothers. .The names and addresses of the embalming apotheca- ries and eurgeon, to whom their partial consecra- tion is to be attributed, are still to be read of all men interested in 'the physical preserving of dead or dying relations, in the puff-columns of ParisTHEPITTSBURGHFORGERYCAi'E.. selves from the shame which threatens us. Garibaldi must be our leader—Garibaldi our polar star. Alas ! .our blood did not flow on the plains of Lombardy, norFROM MESSINA.A puff advertisement in a last evening's paper daily prints. On the following days, Saturday, lets me know, that in spite of two month's rheuma- Sunday, and Monday, when they were exposed to tism, Lamartine is ready with the first volume ofthe public, the affluence of visitors to the Chapem the monumental complete edition of his works. Ardente was multitudinous. In those three days . At the Central .market, the other day, was ex-about'250,000 well-bohayed individuals, of all sexes, posed an edible mushroom, which was to all other hitherto recorded mushrooms, what Maguire'siMESSINA, June 26. jatthe barricades of Palermo. Let us preserveat least, . On JWednesday, June 24, the commandant of this-without a stain, the dignity of opinion. Let. us not place, Marshal Pasquale Rusijo, was called to Naples, 'become the accomplices of the Bourbons to assassinateof the Queen Motoer and the younggprincessea toand credit in that remote region. Could it be discov- eredthat,bythejustreadingoftheBoundaryTreaty,that, tbe plape will not be able to hold out much longer lation, are greater iiow than they were twelve years for want of ammunition. Sh uld Zah eh fall it will betogotoAustria;toavoidthepossibilityofitsbeingsaid th*it they were intriguing -with that court. It 'is possi-been made to the Court of Turin to use its best offices with. Garibaldi to induce him not to act until some arrangement has been come to.. Another important fact to be communicated is thatrueaeure and time is.only in them.Second.- TLutt slthough the Lords have exercised the power oftho thousands of generous Italian brothers who have as,it is said, a denunciation had been made against him tion against oppression, cruelty and wrong has awak-oome to our land to tight and to die for ns. Be, then, by Afian di Rivera, in consequence of which this latterened a jwidc-spread sympathy. He forebore making a single comment upon tbat movement, but if there was found among the champions of Sicily's rights and lib- erties a wise, disinterested, just and brave deliverer who connected the heroism of tbe present hour with the heroism they were commemorating—that man was Garibaldi." ^Tremendous applause, and three cheers for Garibaldi, followed these remarks.]Mr. Layard and Dr. Mackay were among the speak- ers, and were eulogistic of America and American in-Citizens' Bank of Pittsburgh. Pa. On the 2<>th of classes, and ages, defiled before Jerome's coffin.. Irishman was to the slimmest of ordinary mortals: June, 1860, he was tried- and acquitted. He ha t now .officer was raised to the command, and he immediately pendence ! Hurrah for Victor Emanuel, King of commenced ehowirg his loyalty by placing sentinels in j t e l y l " all directions, with instructions to challenge all persons in the streets one hour af'er dark, and in other ways Shortly afterward occurred the events narrated in giving annoyance to the people, as well as frightening a good many. During tpe day several Neapolitan steamers, each one towing two sailing vessels, came in- to port, all of them laden with troops and war materi- als, increasirg the force in this place to upwards of 10,-U1.'. -It*,our cry: " Hnrrah for Garibaldi [I Hurrah for Inde-|3be,ibBowing letter:Cone*popdence of %beJLoadon Neyt. " .O, the lump, of an Irishman."This mammoth champignon was Certainly notbeautiful to the outward eye, but to the inner vision, N A P L E S , June 30,1860.Like Shakespeare's drunken tinker, I do not know 000 men, oi whom about 6,000 to .7,000 are lancers,-where I am. Am I living in a world of illusions or and some 300 mounted sharpshooters. Besides these, stitutions.x^alities? Last week X -was receiving visits aud pe- there are the sweepingB of the. spiee, sbirri and gens- ytitions from the friends of political sufierers in exile or dairmes, all trom Palermo, who are at preseut congre-prison'—now many, pechape tho majority of them, are gated here, waiting for convenient opportunities to be of Liverpool, the corresponding firm of Streatneld. Tuesday w i s the funeral, solemn, pompous, andsat large embracing menus, looking at old places on sent to Naples,. > tio:which iiiey had not set eyes for years. Inspectors ofoJeace. One old fox, with a strong cross of wolf, bodiesbf patrols, the marshal also aired his field-pieces tion in the value of hides and leather. The Loixdon•.",L<-rd John Rutsell iu reply to some inquiries as tothe San Juan question, stated that General rlarn«y badbeen recalled from San Juan by the United States Gov-ernmentinconsequenceoftheorderswhichhehudissued having been totally different from the arrange- we were bound to give up not only the Channel, and. '•<',>'.•The debate was continued on the following evening. talremainB of the departed Prince Jerome Napo-The only additional suspe-nsion of importance in theleather trade is that of Lawrence, Mortimore & Co. de carrousel.% Lawrence &.Co. of London, with liabilities estimatea magnificent to a degree that must have been ex- sales/and thereby prevent any extravagant deprecia- departed spirit. On either side of the way fol-'twhose annual aggregate production is rated in whom I knew fu|l well, was most anxious that the abontthe town; but, as if ashamed of himself, they Herald belieyes that 12s. to 14s. in tbe pound may be lowed by the brilliant, sad procession was a line of weight at 1,000,000 pounds.? bnwere taken into the citidol at the first appearance of jroyal indulgence ahould not be delayed one hour. day.-**Poor fellows," said he, as he made out the order for Monday, June 25.—The reign of Marshal Affandi their deliverance, "tney have already suffered too Rivera has been very short, lt terminated on Satur- znneh," and yet, till now, he never know what mercywas. I have actually been in cafes, and other public day at noon. It seems that when Marshal Russo ar-obtained all round from the suspending firms if moder- soldiers armed witjn bayoneted guns and swords— ation be shown. i as if tosay "in the midst of life we are in deatJi." The British steamer Bulldog had sailed for the pur- And behind the bier came Prince Napoleon, inSose of taking sonndings on the projected route of tha forth Atlantic Telegraph cable. Tbe lttte ArcticThe Russian Embaaeador at Paris had officially noti-. that that he was represented to be a man of pecuniary fled the French/Government of the adhesion of Russia'•y: ';• .. ., "OU4 131 Of 1)31 \M faxnyfunplaces and Neapolitans have dazed to speak to me, and rived at Naples he in his turn denounced Affan di cruiser. Fox, was expected to-'leave Southampton Malakoff; and then the poor deceased gentleman's The session of the Corps Legislataf, which was to bediscuss political questions in alia, voce. True, that Rivera, who wae in consequence recalled by telegraph; about the middle of July for tho same destination. horse, draped in crape. Before, behind, and around concluded on the 14th inst., would be prolonged to theV- .every now and then a man looks over his shoulder and De Clary, the hero of Catania, who was made The vote of credit on account of the war with Chi- 21st, on account of the amount of business remaining fxox&b^^*k&TMyfo*<^,+**> «hap recovfw. Marshal for his services, has now taken the command. na, required by Government, amounts to £3,800,000 was store of ecclesiastics, illustrating rather than for d scussion.mad laughs at unfounded apprehcnAous. Now all this It is fortunate that Affan was recalled, as he intended sterling. preaching from the text, vanitas vanitatum! Toto make a fake alarm on Saturday night by banging The Dublin Evening Post gives a rumor that the, which text, as if in the way of marginal notes, areemmtnt hs swept, away, but it doea not indicate any awsy in a portion of the town. It would have fright- Galway line had concluded an arrangement for a trans- to be added in this account the innumerable multi- The American residents in PariB gave a.fete cHampc* stopped, at the request of Laogdon, in order•- •': 5»'-'4&OW* a general conviction that the old system of gov-confidence la the present Government, nor is there any. ened people out of their wits, and at the same time fer of the mail subsidy to a rival Company. The Oal- tude of spectators, most of whom, standing on eager, tre on the 4th of July. Mr. Cobdon was present.•-The Neapolitans are fall of suspiebn; their p o w » served to keep the troops on the alert. Three houses way Vindicator sa^^ that the negotiations were still futile tiptoe, unwittingly arid perfectly illustratedTbe Paris Bourse was firm and animated. Rentes oloeed on the Ctjli at 68.95.that he might exchange for Pennsylvania money some certificates of deposit J»' ' W 4 -«k» « • .-• ' :'•• & .,,,:;^ •,.,.'.,•,:309 South 4th Street''••-,'#41Thomas M. TryniskiiUMM<m*!i»mnm*IL'JIlM^IW-130^X M$t?M^vSANTJUAN^"f:%:.anEnvoyfromSicilytoEngland. Scotthadleftthem. Ofcourse,thisdoesnotinthe thanParadol. Twothingsarenotable inhiscon- state,andt>»eirhouseseackedandburoed Itiscalcu-,' •outinnally sent off to Sicily, and as to men. Genoa the fchape of an answer from the Sardinian Govern- In the Bouse of Commons, on the same evening, leaBi afl'ect the question of the sovereignty of San Juan, demnation : He is informed that he may serve out lated 1hat during the paat three weeks more than sixty.-.MMtirns; is a clear' proof that- the officers and soidijfgponce,whichhadbeensolongpentupfbni-etoutwith aboutthestreetswereparticipatorsiThesto^goods, a'mdnj^,weareB^urethatLor«^J.Ruesell'saunouu^.FaulknerandConsulSpencer,andothercommittee thesubscriptionsinAm»terdamandLondon4»-th«w$h increased force. \ There is scarcely-a man m«a#tes- were takwn down; to the Marina, and t ^ ^ 80LJ[XO gome niaVi of "last tig'it will be received with very great men, went out to NeuiDy, and did there celebrate new £8,000.000 Ruwrian loanamounted to £5,000,00pL' I^ n Thursday, the 28th, the popular fury against tbeMe»Brs. Baring Brothers & Co. bad annotmced thatdireci •withflMmnrThe Royal Mail Steamship, Africa^ Capt. Shannon, who in bis own person or that of his friends has not .cuUthrbavCalabreBet^r: /:,;;';";": ,'',•.> \^'- ••<.-'• xVasure. AB our readers have been informed through the Fi'urth of July- in a lejss than usually stupid and that the all^ments for that amount had beeason and equity, and will not back up the violence ofthat he cannot guarantee tbe peace of that city for a week. .' . , ".'/'ago. Take,asanillustrativeinstance,The Opinion thede-etructionoftbwChristianinterestinLebanon* ble, if the answer of iue Court of Sardinia, be favor- ments entered into with General Scott for the joint oc- all the islands in it, but"Vancouver's Island and the Nationdle, of which the first number appeared nine At Sidon great atrocities have been committed against^ &*&•&&% '#£$. :v;^ r<m*i$ S t * *Hmt ^ministered«to/Ms dying ^1% 5« asserted that the leading members of tbe Ootn-cupation of the island. He added that*the'conduct of whole shore of the continent opposite, Fraser .River months ago, and which now has a circulation of the Christians, and great numbcrn of them murdered.country men would give the Americansa hearty welcomeif any arrangement is yet possible this Government is Lord Palmerston then presented tbe following reso- to their-new possesions. We are most anxious tnat Minister Bill-iult respecting the Roman feuilletons of71,:.'*•-.•it. Sicily will of course be an immense difficulty; but•£titie outbreak at Naples, the main facts concerning prepared to offer another separate constitution for that lutions as agreed to p}r the Sueci-.d Committee on the' the Americans should have the whole of their due, French journals, which I only note in passing,- as a des'ruction goes forward; and when called upon byon the night of the 25th ulu, the following order was from the royal family of Naples. • Orders nave beenduty by the House of Lords: .teiegrapbed to Messina to suspend ail hostile measures Firnt: That the right of granting aids and supplies to the Crown.whatever ibat may happen to be. The better they are 'eatitdied, if only the satirfaction be just, the better also are we. But thid is altogether a different feeling from a readiness to connive at a wrong and truckle to the stronghand. If it must be, we are ready to protect our rights there as well as anywhere etee; but wetext for a future letter. tbe European Consuls to interfere and put a stop to the war, they make promises, but do nothing. They finally Speaking of French newspapers, it is proved by declare that thev have no sufficient force. If so. it ispromulgated: in in the Commons alone, as an esfentiai part to their Constitu-the appendix—by far the most valuable part—of a lately published volume by M. Leon Vingtain, that since 1848 they have been befallen with 195 warn-high time that the European Powers should interfere to rescue one of the finest and most flourishing prov- inces of tbe empire from the misiule under which jt hasT B I CENTRAL COXJMTTEZ OF NAPLES TO THE NEA- POX.1TAJ* CITIZENS. 'As regards the desire expressed to us by many gal- lant men of this city to rise immediately arms in hand, in imitation of our brethren in Sicily:against Garibaldi, and, at the same time, a request has tion, and limitation of all such grants as to the matter, manner,rejecting bills of several descriptions relating to taxation, by neg- are delighted to hear that amity with our bold ings, 95 suspensions, and eight Buppreseions; It eo long sufl'erea, and from the utter destruction now ativing the whole yet the .exercise of that power by them haa cousin is not incompatible with honor. As should not be forgotten that a number of these mis- inipending over it.- \ . poe;the supplies, and to provide the ways and means for tbe service oftbe yebr.ence, beleil under the Republic; and it should bethe town—a steamer of eleven guns and a guc boat;Thit d: That to guard for the future against an undue exercise may so call it, progresses at a very costly rate. A fleet remembered that many papers have died out under also a Ruteian frigate and three French ships—a frig-r-of that power by tne Lords, and to secure to the Commons theirrightful control over taxation and supply, this House his in its. of near 200 gunB aud 2,000 men is a costly way ofown hands the power so to impose and remit taxe*, and to frame pleading the case for an island which nobody heard of-bihs of supply, thut the ripht of tho Commons as to tho matter, till the other day. Indeed, it is amazing what a force of fresh air. Let us tell the truth on both sides: which I believe to be too true, tbat the Druses took manner, measure and time may be maintained inviolate.'.•we can maintain, and how little we are doing to dis- pense with that force by the simpler expedient'' of ne- gotiation. Surely one bead may do the work of thesewoe to the cause that is to be helped by falsehoods. Zahleh on the 18th inet., and that they are destr >yiwj•general critic, author of the remarkable translationsFrom farther details which I have gathered, the at- the Lords, and asserted the rights of the Oomnious in S&Oguns; and., *>s the guns are there, the Foreign Office of Job and of Solomon's Song, and of their much, of tbe town a day or two before it waw captured. | The2. A severe and decorous reserve shall be preserved, '.tack on Baton Brenier would seem to have b^eo pie-, matters ifi'ecting taxation. At the same time he was may ebon be" able to give orders for their recall. So,and every collision with the agents of the Government meditated, as two men presented themselves, one oil not prepared to • undo what had been done, and he wnile we congratulate Lord John - Russell on tho alac- more remarkable, preliminary philosophical andfall of Zahleh is a severe blow to the Christians.'INDIA AND AUSTRALIAThe Bombay^mails of June 7. and Melbourne o; May 18, reached Marseilles on the 6th.two armies in India had been published.THE LATEST.The subsidy promised by the French Gpveriment for laying down a submarine telegraph tine from France to the United States ie an interest of 7 pe • cent during fifty years, on a capital of 15,000,000 franc iThe Js'anaganeett, which was ashore on the Pa npoe, has got off, and arrived at Helvoet,The suspension here is the house of H. Sc A, Con- brough, cotton manufacturers, dec. Inabilities not large.studiously avoided. each tide of the carriage, and struck, oue the coach- counseled the House to adopt a policy of moderation, 3b Ax>y apparent concession whatever, extorted by man, and the other the baron. Several people have and not at this juncture to throw itself into direct an- the urgency of thetimes, and intended to retard the full been arrested on suspicion, but I believe it is found tagonism,'' on iufufficieut grounds, with the upperand extfxre realization of the national idea, shall be re- impossible to identify them. A large additional body branch of the legidlaturfc.rity and success of our Minister at Washington, we archaeological essays, is commibsioned by Govern- venture to ask "for like promptitude and vigor at home. ment (with a remunerative salary), to look up andLet this business be set led as soon as possible, before after ike sites of the Cities of Tyre and Sidon. He it arrives at a more disagreeable phase or be compli- goes to Beyrout next October. Should M. Renau cated with, other pretensions. There must be a right not sueceed in discovering the squui es and streets as well as a wrong in the question, and it is very hardif we have not law enough in this country to ascertain that right. . -were in procession, relaying each other from ap- a new volume in continuation of his translation of pointed quarter of an hour to appointed quarters of" Shakespeare, the indisputably best translation ofeeived with contempt. XiapU*) j one 25. •On the day following the announcement of the RoyalA general deoate ensued, in the course .of which many members deprecated the resolutions, and urged the full maintenance of the privileges of the House of Commons. -'•;*•Ssbod: Last night Journal decrees an extension of ten daysN r.A?OLITANS : Francis II,, in bombarding Palermo. to bills payable between the 20th and 30th inat. A series ing estentially in tone to that delivered by Lordfinished with his people—finished with the civilized of d» crees dismieses the most odious Commissioners of Palmereton. He taunted the opposition with neglect -world. He put in practice his programme of May 25, Police and Intendents. Some of the Commissioners of duty in declining to oppose the Government, andof men were marched into tne capital on Tnursday night, * During tbe day the troops at Caserta mutinied., and wanted to march upon Naples, in hopes, perhaps,The only items of news telegraphed are tha). dis- turbauces had taken place at Bansweera, anil tfr^t; edge the money's worth of his Government allow- Gen. Outram's protest against the ama]gamation|f the)Mr. Gladstone created a sensation by a speech differ-•-'••'..FRANCE...a n c e . •"Victor Hugo has resumed his labor uponAI WO]"Les Miserahlcs," a work which, more than half com- pleted before 1848, has not since, until recently, been touched. His son Charles has now-in re- • At the time of my last writing, dignified State hearsal at the Vaudeville a one-act comedy, entitled bodies or their delegated representative members Je vous Aime. His son Victor has just out of presscxe'• Swl poe:hours, sprinkling holy water on the shrunken mor-tbe poet that has been given to the French. Young Guizot is translating, with masterly ability, the essay8 of Macaulay. The first volume, " with the " approval of the author"—alas!—is now in print. Since we are talking of second generations, note that Solaiigcsf Madame Clesinger, daughter of Geo. Sand, is the regular, weekly, chronicling feuille- tonist of tbe Coulrier de Paris. Her productions thus far neither disgrace nor honor her parentage.?*ifceti of Knj AUii•nd tintDa• BZXj »TM-era pusluhis boo Of] w o ica*pa 711a nut' cor.cidTruly is the quantity of Frenchmen and womenwho have nothing particular to do a permanentihiracle. Most of tho persons who visited thePalais Royal in thoso three days waited their turnfor from two to five hours. The columns, or '' tails,"as the French properly call them, of dangling curi-"IliB faco was no.wayn beautiful,For with amah-pox 'twas scarred across; And the shoulders of the ugly dogWere a]mo«t a double yard across..published a hist jry of the case, the principal po: nts ixr which, as presented by him, we jgive below:In September, 1858, Mr. Dillaye subscribed for* $55,- 000 of the capital stock of the Monongahela j/auey Bunk, then recently chartered, and located at MiKeee- port, Pcnn. Of this amount, $27,500 was paidp, ac<» cording to the agreement made with the Comm^ssioa^ •> ere. While the latter were in New-York, anraagingfor the subscriptions to tho stock, they made Mr. Du% laye's office their head-quarters, and there were [intro- duced by bim to one S. G. Langdon. At the-toe of making this introduction, Mr. Dillaye stated tfiat hehad no acquaintance whh Langdon, having beenitttro*,, ,^ duced to him in a business way by Mr. Fowler, butmourning cloak, supported by the sympathies ofmeans. After some talk with the Cfommii»ioi»er*, Langdon subscribed for $55,000 of the stock. Q* the 27th of September, Messrs. Dillaye and J ^ 0 0 ' ^ computed by two gentlemen who were to assist m the organization of the new bank, started for McKeesport, ^ where the fifty per cent of the subscription was te'•,•'•'P A R I S , July 6, 1860.ous, wound out, into, and about the spacious place of the gourmet "\t'\ was lovely. It measured morethan a foot in diameter, and weighed four pounds.It was produced in the mushroon hods of the quar-ries of lvi ay, which are turned, like most of theto the proposition for the assembling of a Europeau Marshal Pelissier, smoker of Arabs and hero of the Conference at Paris oh the Savoy question.;the Scriptures: Mat. 6, 27, mid fcuiie 12, 25,Untitled Documenttw&aaz mi;•)jj.i'^^a•i &m. Wf& S S a g * J? &Baltimore^tp w r * ^ i t ^ not f i t t e d to asdrt at S t a< amvfaf$ •or three hundred American men and women, en the invitation of MinisterKUSSIA,:.«"Ws, '..•.U>^'..'>ii?.i-Vi'' V ; imanner. There was only one speech (by Minister £3,000 000 twfor* January 1861, and then not below'' \ •!ls£tct K B ' • pbv>of'Villiers, hired for the occasion—a very pretty, mium. ,:- rW»w caJ] <*. t\#**•uwier 35sms' of the• ttocki Sncnlpno • (< the Mfxoiu vrBi« JttH.l4kCHM Tot Jtsentthe Epro*«<•sfol" There's'gravel walks for speculation, • And con-versation in sweet solitude;And if a yoong la«ly shoul'J b« no engaging As to walk alone in thorw shady bowers,occupation^on the ground that it would not blunder plenty of time, .and a dancing tent, the affair went military control; and hitherto there is no reason to off very well.doubt that the objecion was serious But, had Gen: . 'Tis true that some young gentlemen(?) ralher Jnxtic<i... SENHOR KERNO ilDUJES.' Barney's late attempt been sanctioned by the American anticipated the ladies at the buffet and what with Foreign Afiairs... .SENHOR D'AVILA ;•' '1 is there her courtier he may transport her;"right- o said throne, has now, being free, and at safe stroyed. 1 ...1distance from, danger, published a formal documen-tary recantation of his last months' abdication.Let us not'be angry, but rather thank this Bourbonfor this accidental but characteristic family com-- rived here yesterday, has brought us full and recent,mentary on the value of the recent concessions of between the Druses and Maronite Christians of Mounthis cousin Francis of Naples. Lebanon. W e had previously heard that the dissentThere is some reason to think that Louis Napoleon sions between the two rival tribes had, at the latteris half serious in advising Victor Emanuel to ac- end, broken' out into actual hostilities', villages had•'-No doubt; the American Government must have felt- statesman. D,b not let us, any of us, forget that sight of the blood that had. begun to flow, and the'ivii ;-•?-•A. I I:the Empire, not immediately from warnings,' sus- ate, a brig, and a steamer. ^pensions, or suppressions, but from a geLeral want "P. S. June 21.—News arrived this moaning,ceui a v< a i i»r; L*c J'ai peoj ^eiPec Of: ter, a:-.d tbei o f |it by fire. Both Christians and Druses have an Iferea ErnestRenau, the distinguished Orientalist and heavy loss. The women and children were so: it out/It is confirmed that the Neapolitan Minister at Purls had sent liie resignation to Naples.be paid. Arriving at Pittsburgh, the party•'violence at latest datesThe Drupes had attacked the town of Zahli, the last .:?•>.CorrespondenceofTbeLondonTirnt*.ALEXANDRIA, June 25, I860,correspondents, observing only that for the packed, and destroyed by tbe Druses in the presence JLX- I 'moment the French Government is friend-of Turkish garrisons at both places. The forks, it is said, made no attempt to protect die villages, button the contrary, gave active assistance to the eneury. Upoaappearance to the Roman Govern- It orders military supplies to be transferredtian inhabitants, men, women, and chddren, took tefugeTurkish authorities look on quietly while the work ofSTATEMENT OF MR. STEPHEN D. DILL LYE. In the month of August, 1859, Mr. Stephen D - Dillaje wae arrested on a charge of being conoer ved in the forgery of sundry certificates of deposit purp >rting to bo on the American Exchange Bank of New- fork, tbe said certificates having been negotiated «t the•-•.H • '-..u •nmSmFulton New York69www.fultonhistory.com,; v ;fc:- *" !1"if*- ;. mm•'. 