 10UTW YORK HERALD, MOKDAY, nJANUARY 3 0 , 1860.-TRIPLB SHEBT.IITBBX8TDIQ FROM WASHOfQTOH. call prepssew. Henry Wteter Davte, one ef the South Americanintractsbles,votesforSmith. Goodsign. Bstdiplomatic skirmish between their " • P * ^ 2 5 J h - ^ a t CaptainHornby,oftheBritish W>f~£??*LJZ mediate withdrawal of our troops, ^ i * * * * i^n-a to*, proposed a joint military < ^ P ^ , L £?*• r ^ f f f dectosdboth until further instructed by r ° « ^ . TM ? g ? and each concludes his portion of the <» TM«Pf*KTM^ J g diseisimmg all responsibuity for any ooHJadom jrbk^ix*%b» occur. With this despatch it tbe proctematton tr WW. Douglas, warntog the intruders off her J J g g l g . g General Harney s answer, warning th<»<^eTMorJ£p_TM tetendbelongstothe UttitedStetet, sadjtfjst bewin per- mit no interference by the Brttteb officer*- ^ . ^ H,.l f t .FIRES IN NEW YORK.Persoaml ImtelllfjeBtec. PISTTN0C18HKD HAYTIKN EXILES IN TOWN.Oatf Cayuga Bridge CorreaposuUae*. Canraa Bamoa, Jan. I s , lata." ArmForkaxChsrtato*"—Ihe frmtemplattA Kattby tte JTew Fort Barnburners—t V Otecirmrtsarei ruder Ifawh «t Will Ctono Bsistet the BoUimg OcmtMmtf hsMiFine of Ihwge OenermDp, «tc, * r .A gentlemen w h o lives not far away from the Bridge,sad who takes a gaed many papers aad reads much, sad ' who, besides—judging from the great number af tetters he brings with him from tbe Post OfBce every momrag, s a he gees over the Bridge homeward, as well at from (beTIMaBtp—C»• » . ton • #M r . •neltlia a d H i show the tend ttss before they moe of Mr Smith.can agree to thecompro- _Fire im Ann. Street. TABUSHXBWT OF T B I LEDGER -LOSS ESTIMATEDAT ABOOT $176,000—DR8TKITCTION OP THIS WKKX S 18SUB OP THE LKDuRR,Between one and two o'clock on Sunday morning a firswas discovered on the second floor of the building No. 48 Ann street, extending through to No. 118 Fulton street.The alarm soon brought tho firemen to the premises,Havana, a a d Nassau, N e w Providence, ware General Menelaus Clement, Lieutenant Colonel Bicnelteu St Mar- tin, Lieutenant Colonel Sidney Prophets sad lieutenant Colonel Brenor Propbete.These persons all young men, and natives of Hayti— have been exiled from that island b y President Geffrard. They were implicated in tbe conspiracy of General Pro-i»<,miry tata Mr. SaelUa'sPerweaal •»>!•••«•••• tarAt the onduston of the call, Mr. MaUory, of Kentucky, Botraes tbe House that the whole Southern oppottttaa party»»d KcpwblieaKS RCUUTC to ttee Vote havevotedforMr.Smith,andthat,withthesupportoftoe«m Friday B apec tod—Mr. PeaaUmistoa's eeasscsatte party, he saa be elected. Great sensaUoo onot KlacUaa—Wllllaa* PrepartMg to Deaae H uH .ftew-demc-rata begin to cbaage their votes te favor of m. Washington Territory, that civil officersi had^been iwote- and every exertion was made to prevent tbe spread of the pbete, the father of tbe two young men Sidney and Mea- number of fine gentlemen whom be knows, sad wham IDM^UIIM fromsaurMlabur la Wirepailiag of aaplraaU Iter tlteSiniUi, of Ncr& Carolina. Mr. Boeock appeals.thst the State ef North Carolina, which gave birth to s Helper, is the only State which should fur-dab a Speaker as a rebuke to the Helper book. Other democratic mem-flames: but notwithstanding the efforts of the firemen, the devouring element spread with great rapidity to the upper sad lower floors, snd in a short time the entire buildingner, and were trie* upon aa accusation to that safest s i Cape Haytiea, a seaport tows o a the north coast of the jsland, and ninety miles north ef Port an Prince, l a stake to be politicians, public officers, or had men of som J Borv-ia a man of no small Btaudia* or to finance; I say thb) mild mannered aad real gasttemaa—whose acquaintAccount of the OUBtraciAAWAMLXJieTOMSaVATCB.and throws a cloud over the sunshine Of the Boose te tbe verycrtete of siwomMed victory. He is in earnest. Be appeals to the prtociplea of tbe uemocrs'ic party. Ha cannot sacrifice these principles for the take of a Speaker. BecannotvoteforMr.Smithuntilassuredthathesteads upon tbe democratic platform. Mr. Cochrane ia called to order. Variouspointsareraisedagainstturn. Tbeyare discussed. Tbe Clerk rates that the geaUemaa having re- ceivedtheconsentoftheBoose,heisinorder.Mr.would proceed te Washington Territory to W « f » » ofafter the fire w a s discovered the entire edifice w s s s heapcondemned to death, but in this pari of the island thehe was returning trass Mas Past Office, the weather beingW J M W I W , 4MB. tcrruaurrnB-anvatono« F ,York. Explanations and chaagea of votes continue. Mr. feelings of m.ny of the democrats as not only to forbid Morris (Douglas democrat), of Illinois, in his propositionGovernor positively denies that a British man-of-war was ever seat to convey any officer of the Hudson Bay Cmv paay to San Juan for the purpose of arresting an Ameri-Ledger; loss said to be about $30,000, inswed for $20,000. About 80,000 copies of the paper for this week, together with the paper for the next issue, and the presses, were destroyed.Tbey sat in careless attitudes, and listened with a quiet intentnese to all that was said. One of them wore s loose white Panama hat, and tbe other a loose black Kossuth;W\ itgtoB'8 equestrian statue, by Mills, to be located• i THE S A N JUAN•(uaiiited wilt its views, he could not undertake to em barrage its measures by agreeing to these terms, but sug- gested tbat ail tbe troops shonlu be withdrawn and things restored to their former status by a joint civil occupation. Hut to this General Scott objected, te turn, on the ground i .at the civil magistrates ou our part would be beyond the • jBlrol of the Kx ecu live.Finally, however, General Scott directed the number of our tioops to be reduced, and the attitude of neutrality to in} observed, as at first proposed by him to Governor i'uun'as, who, on being advised of these orders, IssuedThe publication snd type setting portions of the establish ment were not Injured.The New York Mercury will also be issued to day at !."UD, notwithstanding the destruction of the press rooms of '.be establishment by fire yesterday morning.The last two days have furnished another illustration of tbe vaiue of the steam fire engine, and of the import- aure of increasing still farther this part of the forco of the Fire Department. Tbe Niagara, the Manhattan, and tbe new steamer in charge of the Valley Forge Hose ComR o m —Tbe New York and New Hiven Steamboat Com- pany have decided to build another steamer, to run be- tween New Haven and New York. Tbe exact dimensions are not yet fully derided upon, but tbe new steamer will probably be built after tbe model oftbe F.lci City, and be as large or larger than that vessel. It is expected that the keel of tbe new vessel will be laid early next spring, and the boat be ready lor service in about one year from thai time.MOINT Vniisos JLST>TUB NEWSBOYS.—The Ladies' Mount Vernon Association beg to acknowledge the re-DIFFICULTY.in !he iqu&ro between Washington and Georgetown, wil' OFFICIAL KABJtATIVK OF T H E DISPUTE FROM T U Bris^afraiK rsoa PSBC.could not Lave been accomplished by diplomacy was thus eil'i ctcei by mutual action.des>i .'.vti..- ftom our Minister te Pern, has arrived aad Island. Tbey include quite an extended correspondence,twelve hours after all the hand engines had been dis ing Houre, for the Mount Vernon Fund They trus* he is the on y man wbo can mtk • anyinmg l;Ke „ c<»rw ; -bid them bi'ore the government. The President has them n >w under cossi leralioa. Tbe course to be pursued by tbe aJminis!ration it rot known. There is no doubt bet prompt and decisive measures w .ll be adopted Theof wbish we toy before our readers the principal points, as follow*:—missed. Tbe Niagara worked about nineteen hours,almost without interruption, playing through long lines ofhose—first a two inch stream, and afterwards two onoand three quarter inch streams. A fire in the interior ofa c'osery packed mass of cotton is always a nopelew one,us tbe fire makes its way where a stream of water cannotfollow it, and the amount of good effected is by no means»n proportion to the labor expended on it; bat :nanother way the service rendered by the steam»rs onthat the patriotic feeling evinced by these " Young Atneri' cans'' will be found worthy ot imitation by all.ty of New York. In caise ol Sewaru* i.ourcatiori. h>. would surely receive tbe support of tlie^reat boly of th >sc» floating thousand*, cot oniv of Americans bt.i oi old n e e wb>£S acu national men t^ -\y nolhiccol not a l>» repub- licans wbo p-cier bim tc >-«rard P-- wou'd b• ^trmgertP this State as an Independent or holting candidate than as the regular romiteo of a < on~- nt-on. An<l srangertbiugt have happened—even th.' bolt in IMS wa* strar.; -r— than the running of l\.'.u!:es by a formidable b" .t atCharlenon. c«t en'y Vry N'-w Wirk delegates, but oy tberei rcw-nunve* of t.it Nt.nh generally. Tnat .would. certaiLiy carry the election .tto tbe House of P-eprneenti- fves. Th-r- have .b.-en eiranre-r thingj than tbrs, I M T . At any rale, I am er-tfrely rer-atn that this view of tbe case has begun to 'Lgage tbe attent'on of not a few of tbo lorpest b»*N among the democrats And there is ac- otber An-g, said he. with a bltie bltterress: we of New York can't nfTord to be puxliod to close to the wall. W e, »h-> bepe i'.) live and enjoy respect ble positions at home, must lake the nwans. whou worrt comes to the worst, of preserving ourselves from utter destruction, to which the nomination of an extreme man, with an crtra platform, would surely- lead us. We democrats *£ New York innever consent to immolate ourselves by supporting a platform tbat commits us to tbe doctrine of a slats code, or the moat obnoxious restores of Bucbanan't administration on the slavery question. With a nominee taken from the extreme Southern school, sucn as Jeff. Davie, or even Hunter, upon Ihe kind of pisiformtbe Peruvian goveraateat evidently emanates from the Peruvmn Legation and, should be received com gramt a t i i oasraTcais.Despatches have b.*n received at the Navy Depart-ment from flag oQeer Long, dated Panama, Jam. 17. Matter- ere progressing satisfactorily and the health of she squadrot* remarkably good. The Levant h a l sailed to the coast of Nicaragua to relieve the Saranac, the lat-ter vtssel having been; ordered to Panama. THXc.*uron.vu SBSAToaaHii',Advices raoerred here this morning from California, b y the overland mail route, stats that It w a s conceded that Denver's chances for the seastorship wsa hourly improv- ing, s a d that h e would eventually b e elected.Tbe contest for the United Stoles Tressnrytbip hat sorrowed down to taro Penneyivantens, Beary Welch, ftestdeat of the T rk Oouaty Bank, tad Mr. McOiatock,«f Piuabcrg.OUB WABWDKjPOjr CORRESPONDENCE. I, Jan. 17,18d0.nated te the orgat izatiou of a joint commission to seti.e the disputed question of the boundary between the Terri lory of Washington and the British possessions; and thi- despatch has an important bearing upon the case, as em bodyirg the same policy that has been pursued by tlv.leave to decline tbe order, if be saw tit.General Harney saw fit. He declined complying with such an order, saying—"I do not believe the President of tbe United Stales will be emoarraseed by any action of tie British government in reference to San Juan Island- nor can 1suppose tbe President would be pleased to see me relinquish this command, in any manner that docs[From the Boston Traveller]A special meeting of the Board of Trade was held at tberooms yesterday afternoon, the President—E. S. Tobey— in the chair.Tbe President read a communication from Hon William Appietcn, suggesting the expediency of memorializing the President of the United States upon the subject of offering tbe m< diation of this country to adjust the difficulties now existing between the English snd French nations snd the Chinese empire. He said:—You are aware that te the year 1868 a treaty of amity and commerce was concluded between the Pm|>eror of China and the United Slates, which has been ratified and duly exchanged. At about the same time treaties were made between tbe Emperor of China and England, France and Russia. The ambassadors of England and France, whlV on their way|to Pi kin, in armed snips, to consummate and exchange the treaties, were interrupted in tbeir pas- sage, w hi ib led to a collision between the ships of war and the Chinese fortsttt JBowabPHPsVp •PC* | twC.T tfrteU °<*», oad a i»roo maafKwteea/utemd Un- SuskforSmitk,Acto the arrest of kbzabcth Mcjtbe. held to answer.BJth the accused wereTbe Emperor of China might promise, and be able to c a n y into effect, under the mediation, that wntoh h e would b e unable to do were the promise made under the presence of forces before Pekin.Should this suggestion meet the views of the Board of Trade, and the President offer tbe m<-iiation—it being successful—we should all rejoice ia the feeling that our caton bad acted the part of a peacemaker.to whom bless- edness is promised.Mr. Beebe remarked that h e cordially approved of t h e suggestions of Mr. Apple ton, and begged to offer resolu- tions in accordance therewith, as follows, wntoh were acaclmously adopted :—Whereas, the ambassadors of England and of France white on their way recently to Pekin to exchange the treaties betwcr-i their respective governments a n d t h e Emperor of China, were interrupted in their procress snd accidentally or treacherously fired upon by certain Chinese forte; and whereas, large naval forest have been despatched to the Celestial Empire to obtain redress for the alleged wrong-under t b a state of things, and a vigorous concentra- tion on Douglas, would give New York snd the Northwest to him, a..d as I nave before said, carry tbe choice to tbaHouse. Such a state ot thing you need not regaH as at all unlikely to occur; and if 1 were to guest, a t Id- some- times. I would not hesitate to express the opinion that it was n tba view of the subject, or something Bke it, teat tbe article I have read to you was written. At any rtte, Una I understood to be the drift of the cooaaltottoc a few days since at Dean Richmond's room in Albany.A' tbr* moment, a farmer wbo had been watting with ha market wagon fcr some time for aw to take his toll, became Lmporlunati, and while I was making «**!»#• sir friend walked away, with h a papers ander htear-s.'Arrivals a a d Departures.A U U T A U .to-, after prayers, tbe reading of the journal, andaaboejc^persccaJexplsaatioas on the part of the saw Leoamptoaors, Aerate, Biggs and Davo, we same •gam to a vote for Spsakar.Mr. MaRory, o f Keatocky (Sootbern oppoattico),makes aa sapesJ to tho deraoeracy, la sehalf ef Smith,of North Carolina. Mr. 3m'th, of Virginia (democrat), cordMly se- coaded tbe motion, fbo call of the roll la commenced, aal upon the ciil of the name of Sherrard Clemens, of Twgiate (deosocrst), I s tayt, that from time to time he sat geas orrt, rote tbe tore from the ark, looking for the *"**e branch of peace, bat r-w found no rest fjrHudson Bay Company, ...'-' -g tho Island te a British Rsh^;t2 ao<1,rwU1*1 M 152 F£ae* nroet V*TM"S'••*•! ,K> to sot oa^BLr .;...!-.• '..vet >"• diS.nverytr.39titv^etr fwi.cutWMifun;!'••-r"•r^oivlir***m«av •tf-rtiCS!. H;vc*- t-*•" * '• - •'«*•=.-•"--• r---Atapitt.th»« Brifah vessels o f w j V £ £ l * * £ «totieWand,whileCap.**. P;(Jke.t had XtSfZSft**tniung sum,* package of old papers betengtsg to binlathers estate, among which was found a deed for asoldier's Und warrant Rumrr says that tbt»Mcationb-place at !*oiiit ALino. Tr« reason fra-i*. wr-it e'j»f there was u>o mucL .uteres'. u.K!>n :n -.- Tev re i i».r ':rr •and'•'*\r. y th» m ,v if 'l..!T*'at>..' • i ; .A.•,( s ....,, Hi,.,..,-..,1x^,08 0/ the pro- ,01, fs PItt- m-fstmg.;he An- r 1•"!". til 11.omi KiJ1 ' \ ; J^Jf- \£ *J* *«ae»B, BBradey, D(JParse,J . Nersou. Or-, VJ.^a , tt A N«,-i. J E Hawkins. B H Bali.«. w,,-r.- .'leaaVs.WReec LSwber,WmMcCluater.A8>>a:,e-, vhdse,t RiVj-,SJOW-fihttheaeerage. Ltr i. teaont. *r- i-i JJSvitcacj«iup Jameat^wn—J W Rv- ai^,i.< -one*, .aiae* rjrivrter, 3 .U^ja. PMk."-. WUBi'm j»unu.u.in j,^ ttceratsi-oftheftansasof-war, attempted '• > -irett the American lor the of taking him to Y •xte f>r trial. Tbe American, aad seising his ride, threatened to shoot Mr. Bailee if he attempted to take him. These facte were rentOBBted to General Harney by tbe United States In- •P^cter of Customs s t Saa Joan, aad ted to the decidedrlI2*.S* 1 * »* •* the General above referred to.M saeTwith tLe'fccuqQe 1 re8uWn M w d h " ' K ** «• *««ord-ton, of Tennessee, do. Very good. Bat tbe democracy from this potot begin to scatter. The appeal te behalf of Mr Smith, of North Carolina, has apparently failed. They are not disposed to b e trailed with. They most s e eAmong the passengers by the Cunard steamship TOTAL raSTRCCTION OP THE LABOR rTtlNTTNO ES- Barnak, which arrived at this port Friday evening, fromThe Generals despatch of August 8» «U *~1 ^.TJ tbe floor Great applause in the galtertes. Scattering kdand ban been for some months under toe jurodKttont-atvfttahirmaat rjumss.ibas bora a f fest dial of private caucusing going Cochrane proceeds, and finally says that be changes histakebutasnglepaper,andthataweekly,forSun-lay •ueationoftitlecanbeadjusted.Followingout1*. Manhattan steamfireengine No.8nodoubta government,tobepunishedfortheirtemeritytolibe- readingforthelittlefamilyIhaveleft—myselfandgoodMarcs? testrucOonato Governor Stevens, s joint military ao to*syf.ihe tendency oT whteh * to predate la the vote from one democrat to another. He votes for Mr. o^optetoa should be provided during the btterventogconflagration far more serious than that of Beek- rating the prisoners. wife. Ican say that the time was wbea 1took from the PostMillson, of Vlrginis, who, he thinks can be elected.Hoiaw to morrow a great many personal explanationsabout UM votes that were oaat for Speaker a s Friday. l Tbe change of democratic voles progresses Smith canbe elecUd without Mr. Cocbraue's support Wait. The fears that Mr. Satan, at well as tome at tat American stampede la in favor of Smittt so strong that the ques-to intense that the doors of the building op- In Houston street, near Mulberry, sad intend to proceed man who te to kind to me; but my eyes can't get overposite were blistered and charred. This it tbe seventh o to Havre, France, by the next steamer. mors than one now. Well, tbe paper the gentleman readeighth time that No. 8bat proved her efficiency snd clearly General Menelaus Clement is a tail, slim, stoewy negro from to me was the Albany Argue—no, the AOae wed Ar-' their voting for him again, but will place then* in a very to cross examine Mr. Smith, In his own proper «wk«ardpositionforthetotetheygavehimonFriday.person,touchingKnowNothinaara,popularsovereigntycan,orthatanyattempthasbeenmadetoseiseoneofOurboth wore bUck coate, tightly fitting light drab pante- nothing, though I had listened attentively ah" ree lir.g Tbebasement,andsecond,thirdandfourthfloorswereloonsandenamelledleathergaiters.Indeed,thedressofhavingbeeninterruptedtotaketollbutonce),askedmeUn trie other aide, some ef the sherman men ffom Penn- a perfect uproar of resistance on the democratic side ey Ivama and New Jersey wUl explain some time, if not He gets through, however, dead against Mr. Smith, tillwe snail have bad an explanation satisfactory on the tomorrow, why they voted for Smith cm Friday, and then questions at issue. Explanations continue and changes ofahacged their votes Their position will undoubtedly be votes for Smith, when we come to Mr. Pendleton, of Cin-•settled to-morrow, and their explanations will be likely cinnati, who does positively exonerate Mr. Smith from every tamt of Know Notnmgism. Thereupon Mr. Morris,to Coilow immediately. Mr. Scrantoo would have pro of Illinois, comes over. Great applause aad clapping ofoccupied by Wyncoop, Hallonbeck & Thomas, steam viewB expressed in Mr. Mercy's despatch above cited, and printers. They estimate their loss at between $75,000what 1 thought it all meant"Well/' said I, -m old times, when Croswel was at the helm, and when J bu 3tryker, Joan Cramer, Guas. Daubey, aod men of tnat sort were oa deck, such an arUcie as mat—< r such a* that intends to be—for CassKiy oou t hold the pen that Croswell did before be bad tbe paralysis, except m pistol shot affairs—such an article in oid timee, 1 replied, would stand for a platform, iu tbe sense of grtnera> orders, issuer! after a council ef war. and iu m a light, 1 eaid. I suppu***! the article was intendee. to be vii wed, hot that there » ». • a greet deal more Atlas than Ar^v about it The gen; . man smiieu, and wanted to niuw wneroiu. Ia that part, savs 1, where il says: "w> say, once fer all, in. behalf of the democracy of tbe State, that it will be represented entire in the Chark-sion Convention by its own ouly and regularly selecteu delegates, or it will c o t be represented st all " Tbat means a bolt, snd a bolt, said 1, is particularly Atia* and barnburner. Now.ta-.d 1.1 don't mucb like Wood, only that he a a mithty tnnrt fellow Nevertbetes, if trie democratic party are to sne- ceouintheStale,itanotUib-doeo bysnubbingh.m, and I think the Oiarleetmi Convention wUl be vary Tikety to take tba fact into account when they are decidmg woo shall represent thetitaie.in ttea body. The Convention, 1 continued, will be very unci* to inquire what is bent as well as' what is t. ciimcaliy regular. My friend said h e thought there murbt b e a good deal in tbat, and wanted v> know f, after ail, to* article did not mean something more than simply a plead ingInthecase—WoodvsOapgnr&tfc. I<Hdnotquite understand what be meant, and he perceiving that i was bothered at his qur&lton, tbe gentleman continued by s u vgrstirg tbat Dean Richmond, -<tmeon .lewett, Liastis Cor- ning. Pete Cogger and the others wbo act together in managing matters, were long h*aded and skilled in pohucat strategy; tbat tbey laid out their gi ound beforehand, aud generally came to the position they ultimately designed te> occupy by regular approaches, so that it was diihcult to tell at the outsit wbat direction tbey did intend to take. You will perceive, said be, the article 1 hare just reed makes larticular, and, 1think, sUjU'dcaot allusion to toe "splits" in the party occasioned by the bolting of Caggor, Richmond &Co te If48. which was healed by letting the barnburners have their own way in 1SA0—in the spin, aiso, in 186a. which ran till 1156, when things were heated b r barnburners being allowed full sway again. Tbe signifi- cance of tbe allusion to these passages in toe political his- tory of our State, continued b e , in m y judgment consists in thus letting every boly In general, and the Charleston Convention in particular, know that bolting with us (and here m y frieno unintentionally, perhaps, disclosed the fact tbat be was a barnburner of the Atlas school). is noLewtbiLg. In 16*8,said be, warming WHO me re - lence lolbJU campaign, w«» want to tbe Democratic Coo- \ ention confident of the nomination of V ar Buren, with not the least suspicion of bis aeleat or who * i».t<>accom- plish it. We soon found out inal v.a bow caiae i'um tto Sooth—from the very quarter \f-vn expected. We bolted^ BS General Cass probably recollects. T3COL<'<>SJ tne truui, however, it was neither grartefuily r..ir ciinris.coiij .le>oe. We had not prepared the way for such a step, ruere b.a-'f been no previous hints of diiflculty or presumed grounds of coTn-'aint and division. Sometbttig was WrneJ from this sact, which, judging from wbat 1see, r-.i -.r and rea.t,pounded several qu< ttiens to Mr. Pmith before-changinghie vote, bad not the declaration been made by one ofSmiths friends that the tetter wonId not be allowed toaeswer questions. I understand that Scranton and others tbe galleries on that side. Vice President BreckenridgoReport, lost about $5,000; said to be insured. Dintmoro Ato , publishers of Dintmort't Railroad Guide, lose aboutHon. J. R. Gildings is advertised in the Wyoming (N. T ), Mirror, to teeture at Wars*w, in mat county, tins evening.and many democratic Senators bard at work among the aresaidtobeisthetamepetition. Hesaysbagavehis fewremainingintractabledemocrats,tobringthetnround. vote to Mr. fmith out of compliment, as aa old whig, no' Theday,oown to this hour (half past lour), has been88,000; insuredMerry s Museumro insurance. E. M. Stratton, puihiher of tbe Coach Maker'* Magazine, lost about $200, no insurance.the event of the election of a republican President Be W a d e d to ask Mr Smith the following questions, in sub-stance —la the event of tbe election of Mr. Seward or any otherrer-ubltcan to the Presidency, this year, would you con- sider it a sufficient cause for a absolution of the Union?Do you believe in the Southern democratic interpreta- tive of.the opinion expressed by a majority of the-Judges ef the Supreme Court in the Dre i Scott case?Are you in favor of reopening the African slave trade?It was reported about the ball of the Boose on Friday, after t h e voting commenced, and before the five Sherman men changed | tnat Smith could uot answer the: above Bjaasttoas satisfactorily to them. Hence they say j as b e eras not allowed to answer questions at all, the report was part Illy oontrmed in their mind, aad they Bed from Smith in dismay. If explanations can be avoided to mor- row , Smith could not be elected, without obtaining ail the votes.he had before, and jBotmaa, Davis aad Allen, who declare they will never change from their position.It Is said that Southern men are anxious for the return efateagjasi te. use his influence to Induce them Is vote for SssJth.lf explanations can be pretested, and it is policy to attempt to concentrate oa Smith again. Millwari, of Pena-sysvtota, wdi not vote for Smith again. TUggs and Stratton, who were absent oa pair oa Friday, have returned. Rey- nolds W*xp>cte.d In the morning. These gentlemen will ailsylvania. People's party m an, changes his vote from been in strict accordance with the views therein express Mr. Smith to Corwin. Mr. E. Joy Morris, understand ed; that he bad carefully abstained from all cause of of-the/is/elect him to-morrow if a pair can be obteinedfor C. B\ Cochrane. If democrats will not pair Cochranethey will lefuse to ballot until be can be brouget here, itSetoff understood that he is able to some. There is nodoubt that all who have voted for Sherman will veto for day. B a ! h o ! A motion to gain time to manipulate.to us, and, happening to arrive at Saa Joan on the day Captain Pickett ,'anued, had rendered every assistance and appiovtd the course pursued. Mr. Campbell's letter to General Harney, of August 14, however, expresses sur- prise that any thing should have been intended in landing our troops, further than protection against Indians, and especially, that tbe British troops should ba forcibly ex- cluded, pending the settlement of the boundary by the joint commission, while his letter of the 30th of tbe Same month, written alter being fully advised of the fasts, is quite silent as to approval ol the General's course.Gen. Scott arrived- at Fort Vancouver, W . T., on the 20tb of October, and on the 25lh despatched to Governor Iici.glas a communication proposing a settlement oi the difficulty on tbe basis suggested by the President.The 8th of December found General Scott embarked on his return, having accomplished the object of bis visitThe motsV is put. The democrats vote no; they have no Pent ngton when they get all their men in or pair them. notk n of^iving the rep iblicans a day for manipulation Slrce Friday some gentlemen have been making spe- at this point of the game. But the motion to adjourn over to Monday is carried—yeas 116, nays 109. Ratherbas not been entirely forg'Wn Not ouly in 1*48, but biler and other extensive improvements, as well as the lour years previous, when, to the astonifebm-.nt Oi every-cs! investigation Into the political antecedents of Mr. 8m th, with tbe design of damaging his position as a can ck!a,e for Speaker, i3KW.AKD FRUMRIKG TO UAKB A STSBCH.Secaor St ward is preparing to make a speech on the pending Issues of tbe day It will undoubtedly be aa bad sign for Smith.wbiic the iron Is h o tDemocrats, on being assured tnat the republicans will not permit another ballot to-ni*tliirgive It u p . At six o'clock House adjourns over lu Monday, Mr. Snerniau, meantime, having given notice of a republican caucuss In the Hal) to morrow (Saturday) at twelve o'clock.Tbe steamtug Underwriter bas also received a new ing Jacob Bell and steamboat Naushon.body, l'ulk was nominated, as an impomct ;••: rt of tk.-s hitherto undeveloped Southern scheme for annex n^ exas.were the peculiar uitics ot the ^luth dasplayelagain—though nobody dreamed of such a thing oulstdq of the circle of conspirators wno plotted for an extecs.<n notonlyoithelimitso<tbeconntry butmorees;"eciai'y of slave territory. Polk's nomination over all ihe d e- tlnguisned names upon the 1'rrsideuttal lu-l V*A tne re- sult of a well laid plot long before, snd tor purp.«ea iea.r to tbe South in these ihiegc eontioued ray freed, i.'.e SouthexcelusoftbeNorth. Theyn.-tUc-tberandan*a some well digested plan, wbtch they do n->t genera"> choose to prematurely make known, li is more ihan pi" bable that even n o * there ex -ts s..tne unlcvelop* I scheme to be sprung by them ui-on the <b*rsesuin Con- vention, involving not on y a canin: ite, but meusur-t, which may not only exe.<? -, b.-.t juKtify a uolt. In this view oftbe case,there may ,be,nnd I am inclined Uttiuic there is—at any rate, I am persuaded that iieau Richm-md ttiLks so (from what ho said 11 uv- the other day)—rn little shrewdness in thusearly acr-nsiotnin? the Je»"V;,»;nmasses to contemplate the contiuconcy rMa bolt, whetner it be for one reason or another .n mv judgment, st.<i my friend rising and putting t h * paper into i J pocket, this is tbe theory and meaning of the Atltu and Ar^«r article just read.ThiJ- interpretation by my friend struck me a« altogether Dovel, and not without force Seeing that ,.e was well ac- quainted with the inside view of tb.n^s, I deta.ne-: b.n3 « further conversation. To my inquiry h"w be the rht things wouM turn out at Charleeu-n. he affirmed the pre- vailing impression of doubt. For himself, be said, though he preferred at heart tn see Gov Seymour, o: our own State, tbo lucky mac, bert«»*irecan^ hoped fur the nonr- natioti of I*o-ik''ae The Intie Giant, said he, has pot nearer to the pj^ular heart than any other democrat, a^. isad a slave code for the Territories, be raises citizens snd take btm to Vancouver Island for trial Hetr 'whole company was fitting thewarm climate from wbirh they had but lately parted.bands on the democratic side; ana in tbe galleries; and John Cochrane comes over to Mr. Smith, of North Caroll aa. Shoots of applause. Other changes are made. Great cteppicg ot hands; hat confined to the democratic side andInsured I >r $1,000 in the Park J. M. Bradstreet, publisher of Bradstreet's Oowim^a'algerously ill a t the resid^uce of e x Governor Ixictport, is now in a fair way or recovery. was an attack upon tbe lungstekxduag to leave tbe republican candidate, land not monopolized by the democratic side of the House. They withdraw the troops, until instructed by the President have been carrying it all their own way. But there la a•reauung that he was voting for a gentleman mho could commotion on the republican side. It ia the crisis of the On the 29th August, having seen, for the first time, seoare the vote of every man te tbe Boose wbq had an- battle, their beads are together Mr. Sherman rises and a copy of Mr. Marcy't despatch, General Harney Bounced himsmiX in favor Of a dissolution of the tTnion hi votes for Governor .Corwin. Mr. Scranton, of Penn- assures the Department that his conduct hasGeorge Wilkes, proprietor of rTtlites' SjuiL qf the Tines, totes about $160, no insurance.Tbe building is owned by George Bruce. It is totally destroyed. Loss about $15,000; insured for $10,000.Democrats propose another ballot Republicans move to adjourn.APPROPRIATIONS FOR EXPKSIOS o r THE P o u t sIn separating the appropriations for city purposes from those of the county some difficulty b a s been heretofore experienced in determining under which bead the ex-atrvcg bid for the Presidency, and be hopes will go far Such Is the outline of this exciting day. South was Finding the Bri.ish Governor entertained ao hostile pur-be occupied by two companies of foot troops, one of each nation, and tbat al> uisturbances should be dealt with by u.e authorities of the government to which the offending party might belong. Governor Douglas rephed that, hav-pnetors, tbat this will only occasion the delay of s day penres of tbe police courts should be placed. Formerlyreally elected three times in the course ol the changingof votes. With the retreat of the three Pennsylvania,he could still have been elected with the democrats votesof Holman and Davis of Indiana, and Allen of Ohio; butthey did not come over. Republicans assure us,however,that had they come over, two or three more Northernu i . p . Men have been issuei, but the latter is absent in opposition mtn would have retreated from Smith No ilnd that General Scott proposed that, until tbe settlement mutter. The democrats made a patriotic uil'ort to day fo - oi the question by tbo two governments, the Island shouldthey were put among the county charges, but this year the Comptroller bas included them In bis estimates forcity expenses, and the Common Council have accordingly made the appropriation in the same way in the ordinance making the annual appropriations for 1860, which has just been approved by the Mayor Under the head of "City Saiarits," therefoie, will be found the expenses for main- taining the police courts, and under tbe held of "General appropriations lor city purposes,'' provicim has been maoe for stationery and other supplies tor tbe courts, including tbe cleaning of tbe rooms, &c.towards seem k g bis nomination at Chicago.TVS SSNATB PRUTntG IXVBSTIGATnia COMSnTKB.Tbe Senate u newspaper paCronage Investigating Oom- mut v organised IJ <iay.s Subpoenas tor Messrs. WendellMao*-.*.KB PCU13U1 0 1 AHJTJCILHTO FOB THE PBJXIDCM.'V.Senator Green is =aid to be using bis influence to elect a delegation, in Missouri, to Charleston in favor of Dickui sua, of New York, lor President and himself for Vide Pre- sidect. fcjR>rts are masing to do the same thing m Texas. IVK6.a-.' friends arc sargu-ne that the majority of the Mis- Btiuri Jc'.egnUi Aiil be il>r tini.L* VI n l KjkT.CH C* TBS OK'BSTB1AJI STATtt OT WJ^HlSfflTOS.be iin-gi rated on the ifid of February. W in. G. Simms will dehver as address, The Masons and the military will para'.e.»th inst., a report from the Secretary of War transmitting Mr Caverry, Secretary of Legation and bearer of the papers relating to the recent difficulties at San Juanthat one of the first demands of tbo British government would be General Harney's removal from the command ot the military department of Oregon, suggested to that flkerthe propriety of relieviug the President from any ruesible embarrassment, b y voluntarily withdrawing ire m that command. H e accordingly autnorized General Harney to proceed to St. Louis and assume command of report that Mr. Clay 1st interested in the claims agaiast July, 1865. Negotiations were then on foot which term.- Hie Department of the West, giving him, at the same time,a conservative Speaker, and if they were betrayed by Northern men in the very consummation of an eleciiou, the fault does not attach to the democratic party.Tbe republican caucus will nominate Gov. Corwin or Gov. Pennington. The latter will most probably be the mail, a i h e Is a Jersey tariff republican American, who has been promised the three votes which at any time wi.uld have elected Sherman—Adrain, Riggs and Bnggs. I am appreheusive that Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, will not be the Speaker.KEPOKT OF THS SECRETARY OF WAR.The President will communicate to-day to the Senate,ining no instructions from his government, and being unac nitcce. Tbe fire originated in a printing office adjoining NE-W STKAHBUAT FOE THB N S W YORK ASD NBW HAVEScompliance with a resolution adopted by that body on the e<riesponding Instructions to the British officers. WhatTbe first of these papers is Mr. Maroy's despatch to Go veinor Stevens, of Washington Territory, dated the lluiProposedAmericanC h i n a .have mOlwry disputed ntend at the very time whengerald, a native of Ireland, was found dead yesterday morning inthestore96Cliffstreet,wherehewasemptor- ed at s night watchman. He m supposed to nave faUui mm the tirst story u> the basement while mtoxicated Tbetully suggesting that be tender to the three Powers abovetwoWeram««« -*"""WW!» » **»» commiaswn oftheVii T S ^ TM ^ steaaableQassarCsto-rranaB Bkkldr;X^K^SS^J^.'SJfWtod todisturb the status of affairs b ecornpanie>L i if-e said memorial be entrusted to the Hon. WiUiam * P . t t . with tbe request that he present tbe same, and n*,: - ; r- r'atcti.pnts .orbing the subject matter there- Ct a.- hu S;.WJ< IUVK j,r<opcrPresnieat TlllSaS "^ ***>;°*t toeCncoaer held aa inquest.GoorLux-A storyofgood luck itbeing tjrcut&wdtl tbe receipt of more aefiniie rntelhuetira U» •*perkilyaturjoTMtoknowwhether!£;. *? *eo- h,w1 beinDabbury,Conn.—A mannear Fairfield, namedSit isarrangedU<Cfomtof t.tw»euHiro tinbi.eria.-d»\V i 1actiuc, oaaubed with Mr CtmnbJa «2^2! ' oe ore At tho oate ot General Haroev's deseeteii -rf»fc« *.v -#Acting•^^TM—"*-»sof t h e S t a t a e t o bers shonge their votes Mr. John Cochrane takes MM floor intimated to lieutenant General[Scott a w j j ^ w a t f t was enveloped in tlame. I a about a n hour and a baa* President exerted his fnfloenceto the utmost to have them ance, such a s it a , l a m proud of—the other toorn-ng, a sctssary, the Immediate «»m««* w »S J'fiSLmAafforces on UmPaeific coast. Mr. *******Lf^Tta.the16thofSeptember,expressestoGeneralScott»• wouldtrotsFultonstreetTheUrgebuildingNo.Us, pbete,andourfourheroesweredeclaredinnocentsnd newspapershebadreceived,asheasometimesiathesympathies of tbe people are strongly with General ProtratMteotteo felt by the President at the alacrity v t h occupied by Walker's book bindery, was in imminent acquitted. The President has, however, exiled them, tad habit of doing—which m a real favor to me, seeing that IwhaneTespmidSdtothlswteb. ThePresident'siraai.object* topreaerre peace and prevent cobteton until the danger, and had it not been for tbe efficient service of bas summoned the Judges to Pert s a Prince, the seat ofnertoT unoer such guards a s will eeoure traaqolllHy w»>- out interfering with our rightt. In this vtew, the. PrttV cent sees no objection to the pten propjg by Captian Hornby; provided the ctUxent of M B couatres are placed apon an equally favorable foot-man street would have occurred. Tbo heat was Tbe exiles are now staying at the South American HoteLOffice every day at many newspapers aa does tea gentle-frond*, « <t«*te teoJUiaBt at the position la whteh some tion ia settled. It looks like the case of the election of tes. In the possible, though improbable, contingency demonstrated the superiority of "steam over m"<cto." of forty years of age. He dost n&t look at old, however. gue—part A'lat and part Argui. I told him I w.'hed beaemacroas pieced hint as a basis far thaw voter Speaker Huntor.some twenty years ago, a middle ground man, standing between the democracy and the wnlgs of Some of the Americans, before voting lor aha again, that day It Is like tbe rush of the Baltimore Convention will Virtr that Mr. Smith repudiates oa the floor to Pierce, when the fence was broken down. ButMorris,of an outbreak having occurred ani btood having bean Shed before ihe General's arrival, " the President," oon- elmtestbe despatch, "feels a just confidence, from the wholetenorofyourpastWe,tbat yonwinnot t^fj**The large fires which have recently occurred in the Although bis face wears habitually a grave and thought- would read to me from the Argue part; for when I wasof the Home, aa unauthorized, the statements made of lihnois (Douglas democrat), cannot go for Mr. Smith. national honor to be tarnished, ff w e must be forced Another cloud. Mr. Holmes, of Indians, calls for tbe into a war by the violence of the British authorilby a y e or aix democrats, that they voted j for him resolutions of the Indians democracy boldipg which is not anticipated, we shall abide the issue* * t 'oaderetsadlBg that be safer belonged t» the American their members in this House to the democratic we nisy, without apprehension s t to the result" nominee. He is assured that Mr. Smith is now the demo-party sad repudiated the organization and Ha principles. cratic nominee. Mr. Holmaa thinks it means a democrat General Harney 'a despatch of August 18 states that Ma-'Seventh and Eighth districts show m e necessity for more steam fire engines.At about half past three o'clock, soon after the firemen had left the ground, the flames again made their ap pearance in the upper part of the adjoining building, No. 46 Ann street, when an alarm of fire was given, and theful took, its expression it easily changed to one of smiling better off in the world than I now am , 1 used to takS affability. There was nothing peculiar about U s dress, that paper, snd read it almost am scrupulously at I didIf Mr. Smith does this, of course the democrats, ail or te principle. He caa't change his vote. Other demo- British force had been increased to five ships, mounttn,crats follow and do change their votes. The work goes 167 guns, and 2,140 men. while the United States troop- department again brought to tbe premises. The fire, how-except, perhaps, a small cloth cap with a tassel, which ha never removed from his head.Lieutenant Colonel Richelieu SL Martin k thirty-seven years of age. Bis color it much lighter than that of hit companions, he is middle sized, sad he hat a black mnstasbe, and a short beard at the end of hjs chin. H e has been in New York before, snd talks, or at least tries totalk,English,whichtbeothersdonotLieut Col. Sidney Propbete and Lieut. Col. Brenor Propbete are sons of Gen. Propbete, who is now in Paris. Sidney is 26. and Brenor ia 38 years of age. Their color is a s dark a t possible—they a r e middle sized and well formed; their faces are full, round aad good looking, andthe Good Book, when Edwin Croswell was editor sod ead of tho good old democratic party, in tho days when be party and the bead were far different, and 1 think much bettor than what either now is. Tbe genttouua did notaay he agreed with ma in thw conolcsioa, and ao I suspected he belonged to the class of men called barn- burners, who liked the Atlas part best. Ho did not teli meso,butonlyremarkedthat theAfku and Arguehad come to be so mixed up tbat tt was difficult to sepa- rate them; bat I thought that the real difficultyarose from Sere being so much of the A,Qat and to bUie of the old genuine Arpaw In tbe paper- Like most of experienced newspaper readers, alter gtenong at the telegraphic heal, Ue went on te tne lead* ing editorial, which bore the heading of " N e w York a t Charleston," which struck u s both a-4 a n inter-sting sub- ject. Having read the whole article, tbe gentle-man t<xik off bit spectacles, and, observing, probably, tbat 1 sal-'nearly all of whom had private interviews wit* hiss im- bravely on. At last £Ir. W. R. W. Cobb, or Alabama, a had been strengthened by the arrival of four companies,ever, wss soon extinguished.The following is a list of the losses, Insurances, andnamesofowners,asnearlycorrectasItcouldboobtained* The names of the insurance companies could not be bad, as tbe lists and policies of the parties insured were in their sales in the buildings burned.NO. 48 ANN STREET, AND NO. 113 FULTON STREET. A four story building—occupied by Robert Bonner, onmaking eight In all, m e whole under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Cast-y. Before bis arrival, the Brillth hadthreatenedtolandanddriveCaptainPickettfromhis position, but the Captain warned them that, no matter how overpowering their force might be. he shou'd rettet to tbe last any Buch attempt With this despatch is com- municated a letter from Goveroer Gholton. assuring General Barney of the co-operation ef the people of Wash Ington Territory; and also, one dated August 16, from the General to Mr Campbell, United States Boundary Cmn-Mr. Thomas J. Barr takes the lioor, and says that when ni**ioner, advietof! Mai of wnat had taken place. about his opinions tat relation to foreigners and hia vote will elect Mr. Smith he is prepared to go tor him, On tbe 26th August, General Harney communicated to the law* of naturalisation, te order to pacify bin American and then proceeds to a vindication of the patriotism of his the War Department a letter trom Governor DouglaSjOf fnetxis aad justify himself, will be so repulsive to the Irish American constituents of the Sixth ward of New the 13th, and h o reply of the 24th of that month. Themediately before votia% tor Mm, will have to expiate bard shell Baptist, six feet four, proceeds to "exhort" a why they rave the reason* they did for their votse. It is little. He cares but little for Lindley Murray. B e says, "Inave saw,"«•Wehaveundertook," "People's party mam i n " so eertain thai these explanations will take men. South Americans', old line wtugs, anti-Lec<.tmptou- psaee sad that a general break up will follow between Itea,'are all aiding of us; eome now, jot come over, oppo- the democrats and Americans, that efftrts are sition, Northwestern democrats,'' fee , but be talks sense, saeklse; m a evening to sonoeatrate the dei aad puts it dowa good sad-strong. Tbe House is convuised with good humor on the democratic aide. Tbe republicansssfiter upon Hamilton or MiQaoo. II Is understood are silent, vigilant and te a-state of great suspense.that the statement which Mr. Smith will makeexplains that he hae cordially eudeavore 1 to carry out tbelug that Mr. Smith'' repudiates Americanism, changes his vote from Smith to Gov. Corwin. (Great hissing te the galleries on the democratic aide. Indignant calls of order from t b e republican side.) Motion to have the galleries cleared. Tbe Clerk warns all offending parties in tbe gal-leries that if they again violate that decorum which is ex- pected of them they will be expelled. Comparative silence is restored.Republicans are changing front They have abandonedSherman. Helper us repudiated. Tney are driven to thewall. Isittoolate,orIsitinseason? Tightlit. Thevoteisread over. There are still some scattering members on thedemocratic side. The Smith democrats are negotiatingwith them, Keitt speaks to give them time. Mr Cox, ofOhio, comes ever, and speaks to gain more time. Coxproposes to stop. Cries around him of "Speak on, speakoa." They have gone out for a sick man, perhaps. Mr.Cox does go on, acd the democrats near furnish him withtimber. Mr. Cox stops, and Mr. Keitt resumes. Mr.Nixon, of New Jersey, changes his vote from Mr. Smithto Mr. Pennington. The case looks smoky. An opposi-tion man raises a point ot order, and says the object oiMr. Keitt is simply to gain time for tbe democrats to mampulate with tender looted members of their party.Mr. Keitt says he is com ng to that,and proceeds to a regular speech, and charges that thevery men of the People's party of Pennsylvania who vot- ney, commenting upon these affidavits, makes some se- dealers in artists colors. Damage by water about $600ed for Mr. Smith today, and actually elected him, and then abandoned him, are charged with a great responsi bility. Mr. M'Queen sayB that those men were guilty of fraud and hypocrisy. Points of order—noise and confu- sion—-very great noise and confusion—cries of order— object—object—a hundred members speaking at once.At length the vote is announced :—228 votes cast; neces-vere remarks upon what he calls Governor Douglas' "flimsy evasion of tbe facts."On the 10th of October, in reply to Mr. Drinkard's des- patch of September 8, General Harney refers to the pa- pers already transmitted for a narrative of the events t ha' have transpired. He states that he bad not consulted Mr CampbelL, our Boundary Commissioner, before acting, not knowing b s whereabouts, b u t that that gentleman badFully insured.Second floor. E. J Emmerich, dealer in optical instru-ments and paper hangings. Damage about $200. Insured for $8,000 in the Liverpool and London Insurance Com pany.Third floor. Barton & Son, printers. Loss about $800. mured for $8,000 in the SL Nicholas snd Exchange Insu-rance Companies.Fourth floor—Magnus Bro., fringe and tassel maker.Loss $2C; n o Insurance.Fifth floor—Bst ton & Mooney, printers. Damaged about$1,000; insured for $4,000.Tbe building is owned by the Chilton estate. It isdamaged about $400, and is insured. Tho origin of the tire is unknown at presentAmongst the newspaper property destroyed by the late destructive fire at Wynkoop, Hsllenbeck & Thomas'* was the second form of the New York (old) Spirit of the limes. We learn trom Colonel Thorpe, one of the prolinder of increased dimensions.The John Brooks a n d Bridgeport,o ft h eBridgeportsary to a choicd, lis—Smith 112, Sherman 106, Corwin 1,vote tor"Ctt&isgteB tomorrow. The republicans think Pennington 1, A c The votes of Wood, Soranton, and previously expressed his opinion that the island belongedfine, have been fully repaired.Ihe steamboat Boston, of tbe Philadelphia Steam Navi-gation Company, ia having a n e w boiler constructed for ber .The Houston Street Ferry Company have had two boats supplied with boilers, a s well as other extensive repairs.Three hydraulic presses, 12 by 3 leet rams, have just been supplied to a firm in this city, in addition to a large number of stationary engines and boilers, and sugar mills and engines for Cuba and Porto Rico.Morris,of Pa.,firstcast for Smith, wethus perceive, had elected him, when they wheeled oil', aad left the House without a t-pealter.Several gentlemen on the republican Bide moved that when the Boute adjourns, it shall adjourn over to Monfence, and that it was not until the repeated outrages of the Northern Indians, instigated, b e alleges, b y tbe Hud- son! Bay Company, and the attempted abduction of aa American citizen, bad convinced him that tbe British au- thorities were acting in bad laitb, that he had taken de- cided stepsTbe flames extended into tbe buU-L .;,N"o. 46 Ann street, acd 116 Fulton street, occupied by Ward, Close &Co., druggists. Tbe upper floors of the Ann street end were considerably damaged. The stock of drugs, & a, are damaged by water probably to the extent of $35,000; in- sured lor $79,000 in city companies. Tbe huiMiog is owned by J.IXBishop. It isdamaged about$500,and insured for $10,000.attempt to go on.Tne outrage created great excitement.General Harney's despatch of August 80 states tbe strength of Lieutenant Colonel Casey's command at San Juan at 461 men, consisting of live companies of infantry and three of artillery, and a detachment oi sappers and miners, with eight 32 pounder guns. The troops had taken up a commanding poeition in an entrenched camp.City Intelligence.BrsmEse AT THE NEW YORK Focawusg.—-AS an indicvtion of the activity at present perceptible in the foundries cf this city, the following list of jobs on hand and rec.-utly completed at the Allaire Works, corner of Cherry and Cor- leans streets and foot of Easi Eleventh street, will be read with no small interest:—H. B. Cromwell & Co. have under Construction the machinery and boilers lor tbe large screw vessel B. R. Cuyler, 1,602 tons burthen, engine 70x4 feet stroke.A beam engine, 60x10 feel stroke, is being fabricated for California.Seth tiro.-vi nor, a small steamboat, 28x3 feet, of the SUeple variety, has just been completed for the New YorkOn the 14th September, General Harney transmitted af-fidavits of Paul K. Hubbs, United States Inspector of Cus-toms at San Juan, and Lyman A. Cutler, the pig slayer.Mr. Hubbs testifies to the facts connected with the originof the difficulty, as we have stated them, mentioning,however, that tbe vessel which brought Mr.Italics was not tbe British man of-war, but insured. the Hudson's B a y Company's steamer Beaver .Mr. Cutler states, in addition, that the British sloop of-war Satellite arrived on the same day as Captain Pickett, having on board a magistrate, sent, as was gene rally believed, for the parpwe of*arrestuig him, it being understood that tbe officers of tne ship had instructions to co operate with tbe magistrate if required. General Har-pied part of this building. Loss about $200. Insured for Colonization Society. She made a trial trip on the 26thinst., and it is said behaved to the satisfaction of her builders as well as her superintending engineer, Mr. C. H. HaswelLThe steamship Alabama, of tbe Savannah line, is under- going thorough repairs, and will shortly be on her accus- tomed route. She bas also bad completed for her two mammoth boilers.The steamboat Bay State has been supplied recently with new boilers, and the Metropolis is getting four new boilers. Tbe steamship Gi anada is being thoroughly overhauled. The Aurora, of the Peksklll line, it receiving a new cy-pose , he bad reduced the American force at San Juan to one company of infantry, retained solely for the protec lion of settlers, with the understanding tbat, in tbe same spirit, the larger of the British suii>8 should be witblrswn. Acconi|*aijyug the General's despatch of that date It tbe correspondence which led to this adjustment. From It weor two in tbe regular publication of the paper. New type will be immediately purchased, and the disaster remedied at soon as possible.The fire in the Ledger press rooms' will not interfere at ill with the issue and supply of tbe paper. Numerous offers of presses were immediately made to the pro-prietor of the Ledger by publishers of other papers. MrBetn.tr was fully insured. He, in tact, suitaii - no loss]axcept some temporary and, probably, slight inconve.Of ruins.At one time fears were entertained that the firetbe first floor, proprietor and publisher of the New York have s quiet, thoughtful and intellectual expression.that h e should accordingly have referred a n y wellgioucded complaint against an American living on the and 880,000. Insured for 861,000, mo !y :n city com-island to tbe lederal authorities of Washington Territory. panies in amounts averaging from 81,000 to 82,500 each. to h« bed during several daye by a severe inflammatory Having thus shown that tbe reasons which led to the occupation do not exist, be hopes Grneral Harney will with-draw tbe troops, whose presence on the disputed groundIs a marked discourtesy and complicates the peaceablesettlement of the question. In reply> General Hirneysays, that, although the Governor's explanation removesthe impression of a direct participation by the British au-thorities in the insults and indignities offered to our citi-zens at San Juan, it affords no assurance that tbe actswhich caused tbe misunderstanding will not be repeated.After what has taken place, he does cot feel anthemed toTbe New York Mercury was printed in tbe building.cold, is recovering.Hon Samuel B. Buggies, who was announced as dan-Loss estimated at 85.5U0. Insurance Company.for a m i$1,600. J .N . Stearns,publisher of about $200;Tbetalkin collegecirclesatCambridge,asto th»eke tion of a President at Harvard m place of Pre*!lent Walker, is brought to ackse by the choice of C. C. Felvoo, the (ircek Proleesor, to the Presidency.Children'sCabinet, loelBuilding No. 44 Ann street, occupied by tbe Su day After and others, is damaged about $200: insured.No. 60 Ann street, occupied by Brocket &Millsasa bicdery, on the upper llovr. Damage by water about $600;H. D Wade manufacturer of printing inks, also occu-S3,0C<i in tbe j£tna Insurance Company of New York.No. i l l Fulton street, running through to No. 50 Ann street, occupied by Masury &Wblton,on the first floor,betore taking his departure General Sent, believing rany, worked at the fire on the John J. Boyd nearly ceipt of $4 18 from tbe boys of the Newsboys' Lodg-this occasion WSB of the greatest importance, If thc present administration. Tbe officers of the United Sut .s not plainly indicate hit intentions towards the public severe labor which devolved on them had come upon theare directed to abstain from all acts on the disputed grounds calculated to provoke onfiicts, so far as can be done without conceding the exclusive right of Great Br, tam over the premises, and, until the title is settled, neither party is to exclude the other by force, or to exer- cise exclusive sovereignty within those limits; but this mutual fetbearance is to imply no concession on either side0On tbe 18th of July,"!** , Brigadier General Harney,"r-rvtee." Thus Ftanrts the affair. General HartOy still firemen, they would have been so exhausted that the flr° remains in charge of the Department of tho Paciftc,commanding the military department of Oregon, orderedCeptian George Pickett, Ninth Infantry, to take post withhis company on the Island of San Juan, for tho purpose- furs disappeared According to tbe statement of ElizaBeiweeu eleven and twelve o'clock on Saturday nighta fire was discovered ou the Becond floor of the buildingNo. M X Fulton street, in the premises of Mrs. Banbard. Can this be averte<!» Humanity, the best feelings ol 1 have indicated, w e aroma be w e to go under, not c u rof protecting the inhabitants from the incursions of tbe Northern Indians, and to prevent any hiterfareDoe by tho Britah authorities with the American citizens residing there.This order It bated upon s petition signed by twenty- two Americans, listing their defenceless condition and their continual apprehension of an attack by the hssti'.e Indians, si wik e hands they had suffered many outrages.General Harney '• despatch of July 19 narrates the ori- gin of the recunt difficulties with the coloc'al authorities of Groat Britain. An American bad, after a refusal by the Hudson's Bay Company's agent to secure a pig belongingbetb,who is a young widow but eighteen years of areshe carried tbe purloined article to a man i»Tn»d Oostel- the flames. Tbe damage to tbe furnitu re will be about be made. The treaty between the United States andCathewsytotheCapitol. WbattetaaTsJe democrats »n going to try M»Ts»teu7 ef to the eompenv from treepaaatog oa his Holds, shot the gentleman, was partaking of supper on Saturday evening, fcrsima (old hae whig), sad, aorta**, as has ^ . animal. The ne.u day Mr Dalies, chief factor of the a piece of meat lodged in h a throat and choked him toPolieo Intelligence.AUXGID ROBBKBV or FTKS—A Covimiis rs TBS CASS— On Saturday evening officer Jourdan, of the Sixth pre- cinct, arrested a woman named Elizabeth McCabe, in tbe vicinity of the Five Points, charged with having on tha lSth inst. robbed Pelogia GUnskie, a reputed Po'iab ooun teas, residing at 665 Houston street, of furs to tho value ot $160. The accused, it appears, was s lodger with the countess some time previous to the robbery, and one morning was suddenly missed at the same time that thein the Ledger building must have been much more disas- trous; snd it seems to be conceded tbat without the power- ful assistance of the steam fire engines the fire could not have been prevented from crossing Fulton street, snd in tbat event must have proved aa destructive as the Beek-k>, living at 91 Baxter street, where they were not away. Elizabeth states further that she intended returnlne them, but was prevented by Oosteito, who took thernto Simp- son's, in tbe Bowery, where h s pawnedUiem, testa* her- on hia return tbat a ponbeman had taken them awayfrom him. Officer Jourdan found the mrs at Simpson e and finally succeeded in arresting Costoilo, which led in turn$800; insured. Tbe first floor is occupied b y S. W. Meade as a gentlemen's furnishing goods store. His stock is da- maged about $200 by water; insured for $2,000 in tbe New Y ork Fire a n d Marine Insurance Company. T h e stock in tbe stationery storo No. 94 is damaged by water about $160; insured is the Monteuk &Rutgers InsuranceCompany. Tbe building is damaged about $300.FIBS' W WEST TWENTY.FIFTH STREET. Shortly before one o'clock on Sunday morning, a fire broke out in a stable located at No. SOS West Twenty-fifth street, owned and occupied by Andrew Leery and others. There were nine horses in the stable at the time. Theywere all taken out uninjured. Tbe damage to the stable"It i6 quite sure that the Chinese would be ready (withthe presence In ber seas of an overwhelming force ofEuropeans) to grant anything that tbe European allieswould require, that they bad the power to comply with, at least hope for a resurrection. In short, a boi'Coroners' Inquests.CBOSKDwans JUTIXO—AaMr. John Barbour, an agedFATAL KICK FROMa Hoass—Oa Friday evening James Raffeity,reaidh)gatlOo Thompson Etreet, white endea-FIBS IN ORAND STREET.Between seven snd eight o'clock yesterday morning sfire was discovered in the cellar of the building No. 330,VOrta&,t0 i n i a V*6 *?* *•*"• received a sariotn kick fat the abdomen. He refused to call a uhysician ami h«dw3 Saturday nfyytat. Onrnaor Schirmer W d m C l S and a verdict in accordance with the facte was readied?r Z " ' ^ 1 ! * ' ^ ' ® ? - « * , 1^T*B*. • « • ttssanmtp Empire £*>-* hfuuro, Winsna MGaaderaon. Harry Hjslop, Mr« K,r * *""Merntt, U C Folmors, B KWood, O Phttas, L B BardV W U t • »•" of bis foot, and ' :*-*r '•" he * r** * » the lor of the t?mie,t Sat^T^ "'" * <*•»«***»- - vens, it is saii, lately bid od" at an auction sale, fcra son,although it win be dispute-' in Xnn!». wi •-\k« tn« a.air.ovr ot o • m«,-*u \ „ y u k w , a t U e Boards KtonelTy, B ^Oriffi^ G Rnaher. N Huraln, L iSrfd, T Jv.-riT -•'C"IPMMT>*«fantwrv,»-,;>,i^i,.g^,^ "f'[,'' ''.----* •... *ortu;ater; confined th?ir *per*pW y» a and tbat he bas st-iJ -.4 clftjfi to a £(.nlir-.~il& -. ttf.<IJ3sii .j,u,,-,.,,-,v,-_ ,wherethev.llage[ofBa'esvi'.le, Arkansas, Is BOWbnihagr-fab' -tothebn .*<>JA.f„ J,.M^^.7 if|iw-^ Will - «il e -'•r^e, itwas IrtJCr-'^ •„• t r i -, £t»;« for HS/Ke.iL d t ,Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comn a nstreetconflagration.FIRE IN PTJI.TON STREET.The firemen were quickly at work, and soon extinguished our nature and o u r interest demand that a n effort should China recognises sneb mediation. .in New York, but in every Northern State. Therefore, w.th the alternative of a bolt or 11omission to such s result at Charleston, I say.bolt by ah means; and I do not hositatn to say, in New York, at least, such would bctheinstar! choice of s t least nine-let..Us or the democrssy. W could then at the worst hot e to save ourselves at hemeWill be about $600; not insured. was the act of an incendiary.The tire it is supposedGrand street, In the premises of Isaac Posnel, dealer l•tffffPr.ff *_**> comciuakated to General Harney the STWOSSD Favat Fau. wasa r * m u r u . furs. The flameswere quickly extinguished and before Resolved, That the government of thai Board orenare a |££mj^rj^^*-£.!. !? J * 8»*tomber Mr Prtokard, then•ESSE.: w?* " * P^ateeat that he should, witnout in- tbe fire got into the store. Tbe origin of the fire is some- memorial to the Prcstcent of the United States resnecttx« i t i I i I ) a eSenator Bigler, of Pennsylvania, who has been confinedHunt, n*ar His diseaseF_\ Governor Seymour, of New Yonc, is in New Havit.I) Arcy McGee, the Insb patriot, and member of tbe Canadian Parliament from Montreal, was recently pre vented from lecturing at Siincoe, C. W .,by a mob of Oiangvmen, who seriuuely threatened his life should heThe result of this unfortunate event has caused a large naval and tend force to be sent by France and England to China, unci all tbe horrors or war may be entisipated.whit mysterious aad wUl require a rigid examination bythe tire Marshal. The lost will be about $60; insured tor fable adjustment of all pending difficulties: snd further Charles Lament, Mr. Anna Lokeaaa aad i*aj M BrtauL$3,000 to tbe Belief and Wall mre-t .i.i:\u.-THKNsxs Parrs From i> CASASA.—We uo.iert.ai. 3, viygthe Buffalo Oburwr, obit the u .it «r it rr„i figi,;, vrL ohi""ra'-.-rn.''•a;l -'H 1 tteili.mentieneo the mediation of the United States for the ami-rZSZLi^ «»*•«,iHJones,MrsAMontrelandton.FPeeBer,JohnLtorwjn XPKoualL.Jos*Perms* FIrVhuite,Pksholat H Berrera, C H Morales, David Cook, Geo Cook- ^ ^v f j ^ ? v?.V?"^ toJ^£ •jeamshlp Hontevf.le-Cant teas?R-wted.TlAti:**.. reu.-vc' the Board transmit ti' ':i:W..n of Mr ,|ar<-f,C. f> IT*, .«.->t nrdInterventionf aCOURTS.—pleasant, stopped and read to me out of one of the manyII  