 *s*eaof H 4 Tecrrorws aa. ISBS. 1 met the veteran Attretary >rAate, then a Senator THoents is designated as the b ack lepublican party The setts now is* If kot, what can be done to arrest the mis- gravefy pretend that tha torrent of fanaticism in the expect us in fntnre to submit eatetri ta m.e, iegia leave aad ja- from MkhigBB, on she floor of tho Senate, and in reply latter <l«»t|mstteB a proper to cellar-, jih it from the old chief ? I propose then, seriously to consider Uus ques Nerd has no other origin except a desire to compel the fit to order. Had the British ['NEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, JANUARY 28, 1860.-TRIPLE SHMTT.The Southern Platform in the }that many Sootbern men who had so doubt thai the action omTiftle conflkt" hetweea the free ani the atere- seeking to exetude teem by legislation, as communitie* ' been UM10•prYMNt ty. Is test, tt H apewer asmallest ocsBStoss and tost tea y%!m sssd aun can he assembled 1TV|mn imses*--» , . i» •c Ttet the OWWWMsay oar I arvarthefess frankly e»fcr to Uiis m a ercum ciety thail be destroyeJ ppaceabiy or by •'vioteace.'* He revolutionary doctrtoiis of Uie Helper book. » i !»re<> are for that reason wanting in enterprise and Industry, ja t e car 1leading editors bave < 7° ** niri itlit i •> ^ ^jiaVOWftBlBBlBS^SBOB. 4^_ f* *•- C«W»ree» frf The praatange>ir» -.«td at**MrO&mu»-m.£ v e eeetered tea. * * """"* ^ a benevownt eeocfh to say mat if we will submit the majority of tbe membe-s of his party in th* Hone have Ta that argument I have this to say in reply. ! Brown wfll strengthen the**m t» ia* mwniiiiaiirB •* the followshrewder anti slavery men, however, seeing that they I •wrsfaBL OarneoptokBoy ay. It avaHs iiothin* if be even adds that he intend* to ever anoli an exbihumc.* 1 repeat, was the like ever cannot make longer a snontasfnl fight for the negro, affirm [ bave occsrres anleas t•Belvea earnestly aad unttedly ooncurrad inf Can theyICMk,Mr«|«vwIfeM«ilBM _ of ttase frrtMrtt ateOt bestaoeeforwtnahUMrtomowatiep*ty,as»wh'-de areR4ostly r*«pcns<bte. bat which s'<!ed the. »ati slavery party, work sbafl he doas for us quiet.' aad peaceably. By histone. Such. then. Mr President, are theview\ofuu.-party as TBdkatcu abbe by its decteiatioas aad .:i a-"Its members are movfe? aa with an accelerated velocity.Whi> Uie n.ore moderate of them now ortupy the groundUMSBBBtnaMaathepeopleofttet Where, Mr. President, in all history was It ' mstter, aad hence ths c«aPrwi4uM,It* ayto an inquiry as to how he was, he answured —.'-W^Jl :ahealth, hot depressed Mspirits. Sir," said he,-Iformer!y thonght that U M I BOO weald never be dis- tirely duerted t? advance Use blaik or negro race What pes ,i»r lelusion, can .1 aot be duoeiled by proper efforts"colonies woold re«tet their tax fettla 1 nothaveoccurred:batLardNorthand tbat Uie clamor in America earn* froea a•j'teftuaa. So they had; hot there was a spectno piedgs setts are , tost as much interested, and yet they in far *• of coagresftionaJ aon ialei are mtenaely aa ti slavery in their feelings. ThsIcr^s and the carrying it oatUervention m the Terri true solution, I think, will he found in the fact that these ought to have produced cities are the resort ot so many Southerners, that oar state no station whatever, and would aot In ft' healthy of seclei y a thereby bettor understood, and cannot be state at pobito opinion m the North. The demo so successfully defamed. The same reason applies to thewho, neglecting all the public business of the country, devote themselves *o preparing and reciting denunciatory harangues against the Southern States. Some years ago an inteliigecs foreigner, who happened to hear one of these tirades in this body, expressed his astonishment at the quiet manner ta which it was listened to by Southern Se-UM inert eocse'once of fte Ajaan, It was aaw that a Bomher of A>oth>. »be- What, lhas. yowl asy>'0SB _ — .willslaves than does the Is Ian i of Cuba, into which largerTreU: numbers are annually carried. This tew has not beeswith reference to their physical well being and comfort, Browg were received in Uie North. Instead of the indigna- nine time he coo'd carefaily remove freSBtheir productiveness aa teborors. their intelligence, moral- tion and abhorrence whiuh the atrociauaness of ha rtTeabli. arms, losi-the pe^tejihooJd tettejity, snd religion, stand taper tor to any other portion of criniflS ought natursiry to have excited, there were mini fM.ee He woold fill the SotltherB I _their rata. While the free neuroes in Uie North, with fcfciations of admiration and sympathy- Large mecuogs and other officials, whose etforts would be dteBsted to di fresh aceesBiOBS from abroad, diminish in numbers, the were held toexpress these foehngs, nsrmons and P«J«TM yjcBc as much as PoaMbte,tte aaaate of tte ilor themselves. My way of defenceMetered that Kansas ought to bem was oa UMsame paraBeiof BBSade warn Maaoart, KBBtaofey. Virfmia. Maryt.1t, ail of wmwh WBTS sfawwhoidtag 4atssiiaf his mteht havs heem tm tMhrl hy anf " aboj> set that iader UMKaoa i aot that ToriThethe task a ato., le and easy, salts onainmmsllDn « ^ < l 0 tonegroes were tended, and a •timber of other Southern States, Bad pased tbe strongest tews which could he de-and, r.oon UM whole, peatnps, add as much to UM wealth cf the eooutry in whicJl they are located aa any equalBB b policy aa thtt waaid te adopter! narfore»iayjirect bio* was atrack at atevery aaa; where.we, under these adraatages, be^n taa i»g sad btoody struggle, like that af oar Itevohitioa, might be tha eoaBSBaaaoa. Tte vary iavaf ths K l a u s Gaavwattoa waa UMoroBoaHy aad as a mat 'loldiog States. To aUmuaue the Northera peonfe to at<ark us, be aJBrmed that ookea they tVrtish<nl slaverythe pteg'M and other amugtoua disorders. And tbe 8e atorfrom New York, whs has declared that i t S a r e - ligton doty of the people of UM North to vtotato 'be P iwhich baa m ia our day, a . iH has made such striates as ts have taksa pesasan *>.tor of coe.tttauooal tew, nght. nevertheless rirrettod that actioa, hscsuae it had the appearance of seektagImpending Crisis. taw n i i f it araltaawthe last* Msap, Jan 17 |hraewtas M there ever ha 1 Been aay rhsooe of iw !><*Iff re««i[U'iOB, which w w N t M M ey Mr Fngfioa the eeanag a slave fhato ta fist, the snaroe of OOT-TOW -etqtsirty md legally, hat that my head must tell te «ren stecs the creation of the world? I may nse that their objeeAion to stevery tt not on fete accoaax, bat j hostility to the •a*** there bad Been an ton asL faetiag af-hroughont the entir. South, we would extend slaveryavotd aa opoortuffltty for a fair expression of the over all the Northern States. In rabounce he says, to gitrre Steve tew, and urgedthem, instead af delivertug ip hundreds who havs adopted the doctrine to one whs bs-poro'ar will White we held that O g r - s a hail no i>rctect themselves they most desuey our soeteJ and poll the nmaaray M^roes, to protect and defend them as they lteredRtrn years ago. It tt only necessary for UM true right to Interfere with the acttea of the Torntory to »cal ijntern Whea a mas saja Uttltherea an Srre -fo their paternal gods, atans up hi the •>ce f ... avntotakeaBnIjoldryital are* ittettw,tea tt* abs- Uus r>«t«ct. yet we feit that the issue wa-i one which was [•reesibie canflxi wstweea him and me, and that my head American Senate and csanpiaias of vtotet a of th- utionati can be rooted throughout tte North. Theorinf (Kir friroes io UM North, and could not eoavi!>:jr <*r ha must fall he proclaims hhnself my deadliest ess- iswa aganst UM A:>:caa slave trade' w*as th>-Walker had already est that off by carry rf over at! the »ave tis own In the proscut instance the Senator says ttrcng language, but trash demand* it tua. rVa far tte sake of the watte men. aad that they and t e official* aad their influence ia UM T*rritor> to the side of ati.r, too. has folly endorsed the iacend.try ao•bat it lr for the Sooth to decide whether its system of so- South are injured by the inattniuaa, aad that oar wople I the tree Stafte party. With no poroses to cast oeoHure oa 3~I with arteose hatred, that mattf eaaaa at present aroassoaw. Oa a «urv»y of tnc entire grouad, I SMintain that it will apjK-ar tn,%t the acuon of the demo- cratic party tor UM last fifteen years, oa the slavery qoes«dhrte ltd those of others the bate of the old whig part was abeWtenwid, ana its members, with the aid of acees- smas from the densecritic ranks and abolition societies,known that one nation waa as strong'y under ttte hi- {nVence af benevolence at to came It to make war ' wYBtegto resist yen; aaa t t e open another merely to canape! the nation attacked to ba-of UM abc-utieulsts twenty fears ago, most of them are far ttoo, has area e s t , patriotic and statesmanlike f proceed, ba\e cicftitiTted that politicai organisation which to- to advance of that position Oeght we to ^tand si.il u-n-.le»Bte more enterprising and prosperous? Who has tn- (Mr. Seward) baa declared, te 1 sever to be dtteolved. Bavs'fed Spam or Turkey to compel UMSpaniards or Turks ooBiert between the freeand t_ the eouorry tmasewts'siy aftor tew Presidential •>'ee/'oala fer its-.if the same of the republican party, and hy its op- all the States arc- as thoroughly a!v !".cnizea a3 Massachr to become more mdurtrious or thrltet Will anyone 1 %y tbe formerwtentef tte victory,however, ts UMceaahterarioa of the great qw-u ;« before cay ibn ateas the sxtrteBce of this republic. It claims :of ***-<«!i aad north of UM Hae of hvtitaio of M things as evidence of weakness or cowardice, and as only •ati< n or the v^ui.t versy. I; ll.e people of the Northern »ci T».o'!ih th» ftrr%n|^(iieot wsa BMhMtBfal to calculated to stimulate the invaders Wtt.a lTul*;* of n. E>»;t a of any other slavehol.'iug Sut«s The i>>nator States sbo.fli regaj-a ihe MjgTu as Ue:ng UM equal of theItir .- • :n and by natty regai led as diahOBOrfthta Maredon was thresteeicg Greece, his hired parusarjs re w«m Termobt (ttr. On lamer) said not long since wbrte tr ic, tota thev will te>ntiaae to feel a sympathy forchuich aceommoeatiocs for a larger number of members. tbe last war with Great Britain tbe Southern States1It is said, however, that any one who merely looks at the cm more men tbsn the Northern, aad it has never yet, two secUons will see the inferiority of the Soutbe m sys as far as I have beard, been pretended that Harraoat > >1 i^rih >4 IB* lift*. Wo«u. auoae«jaeQt.y, tdrrit>>ry»*.«i-..v.ieti(rocsM«-xco,UMa#tB>nsrftto:pftrty.withbatkm • \ «otu>na. attoiuptoai to a;u>i» th« ftftia* pctn-'ij>l-« to!t *^ ; -*;i»t!d tBe line «>* 3« 3u tft'rtonh M. It»e pro;>o«tUivo eociety a! B*.*: m. •••;••• ••» tve I- v^ and iruidauce of a !i -itwh iha' tte At. ra will, frum c .cue*-, set them fro ri"ifr »••"• -, ' ","t .L 1 ' Citt r xsj-ri- '"kt :i;,- -Abite man, ina »:i-« i.:Li o aiB a n m brneght ronrari] by tt>-<dwttios'n^tie.| aub|i -t. attracted pub call.litioc thn.i^h it ueclar, ! that ttaa be •'. the expense of matataefn» th. m te;- tbeir la bin 'ViifM, woui ; bi.'. <i eea• oi no aio:e const.pi-wee tiiaathe free States. So strong a the feeling against sla- very there, that the writers of novels and p a y s , to se- n s e Uie public patronage, exercise their wits ia Imagin-auaden change and disaster, or be harried oo by violence, is all that remains tor yon to decide.hue a >rder that free States shooid be made Sooth of it, hut that it ahottld not, in like manner, ha obhterated l*> place the Sooth oa aa eaoai tooting north of it* After a major:tj both of UM Sooth and of the democratic party hau adopted the principle of congreaajanal coo-mtervoa- tica. we who had opposed it scquiesosa, and the <Mmocra tic aad whig cOBTOBiaiBS of 18S2 bdh Sftncuoaed It.Wbea the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska were ad-muted, the democratic party applied the same principleto them, aad, m so doing, round it necessary to repealthe aid Missouri restriction, ia order that there might beno Jtervcatton by Congress to control ia aay way thei&bauiiants of those Territories. Were they aot commit-ted to do that, la UM strongest and moat emphatic terms,by their platform aad their ate action as to UM MexicanTerritories, while the whig or opposition contention hadpr jfesteC, ia Ma plaUbrm, to have acontoeoed in the samesrinapifsr Bat It at Bfid that both parties had declaredl&emteiTes opposed to a farther agitation of the emrerv Southern trade. But the mechanics of Massacha tives to the two Booses of Congress from time to time,becai.se it is inumateiy interwoven with, and owes its vitality to the opposite Utnef. Whc-a pressed baidly 011 ibi.s isctte. the abolRionats of late are trying to evade it. It is a singu'ar aad stnkiug fact, that when this issue has been Blade to Uie free States directly,who was not our enemy. The men chosen have been as- sailed by our opponents, not because they were neglect- ful of any Northern interest, but simply because they were Willing to do us equal justice wtth the other section, aad refused to exercise Uie powers of UM common govern- ment sgatoFt us. It has been urged that tbe SouthernHe alao declares that he will go with them it ho can show ing all that can be conceived as worst in human nature, him the fastest road to effect tbe obtest. Such is the govand represent -t as a true type of the state of society in the South The balk of the newspaper press, too, in U M North, is anu slavery. Such Wthe character «f the entire press of the dominant party there, and of a large portion of the neutral and reugioos papers, while a part even of UM minority. or democratic press, avoids the subject as much as possible, instead of attempting to stem the cur- rent. Though Northern city papers are much read ia thecrnuig principle., aad spirit of the party, to use all the power they have, or can by any possibility acquire, for the abolition of slavery. When we look to the acts of this party. in what attitude n H Presented' It has m* te the whole newspaper press subject to Its control intensely hostile to the Southern section of the Union. Such is the power of the pobHe press that it was able to keep England and France for cectnries ta a state of hatred and war withand .iiscus£ed before the people they have decided thepoint against the segro. Sach was the case to Conr -ts States should, by retaliatory k-giaiatioa. prohibit the satelepubicaa party, wfaese image and superscription" itp. •>}•te of the Sooth to be more tadnstrteBS aad ts take canandoughttobemet Jfcefirstisunderthecorstlta- bettercareoftheirowninterests,aadbemoreattentive Uen; the second may be outside of it If abolitionism be a to their own business* The idea tt preposterous. I harec.eicst«conBterfeit,an<talsobecauseitseffortsareen-V, j»-' vrfjlM BSftawiina of UM country, as cuaascied witaUM- MEtUM* Bf IB* StBWrf etMSttoa. J tateil d© IBM WithL,„,«« . rwiSBess, atvl *«• BOtinrw, except what par- solved hot Ism now aot without painfc! apprehenatoss are tte prmeipVs of tbs party, as indicated by ite Truth can overcome error, but to enable it ta do*hair-mary rutts *ad anaManal caertwna impose, ty of a dioVreot roouK, Thev »av Uiat the -?vnttement to the iedaiation* ana'••*act- ft has but.» stogie priaciple. aad FO it must be pre!*'''? jp'sented to the human mto<j Bat, sir, to there aay difficulty te making a romsiete loyal to the government tbat they were ready to 1Worth has grows eat of me Kvasas bn. A hundred '! at fa hostility to negro slavery to the tjoite-' .States. Bucfc ft — i — saty SBB_ ttte * « i BafcBre of tBe tea- Kansas bttBi would not havei protiueed this result. These. Some of its members have called It a party for humanAS tin* anti slavery party have acquired their present as ccacency by v.gorous and widely extended efforts, ifto the actioe of the parliament They affirmed that t defence on tins potot? With no wish. Mr. President, was no danger of resonance; aad, least of aB.afSouth, oa the contrary, our papers havs liute or no calcu- each other. Only a few weeks since, to prevent a collisionlation in the North. If they had, the efforts of the anti- between the two countries, the Emperor of France public- tt Is w»« the leading issue. Had that Senator contentedslavery party would, to some extent, be counteracted. ly checked the press of ha own country; and yet thehint?:- If with Simply saying that slavery was an evil which bb> cnrstitr.ents bad no constitutional right to interfere with. I .to not believe he would have been successful. ButThe cities of Sew York sad .Philadelphia, for exarnplor fietcest articles in the French journals were moderate toare not abolitionixed, and ths is attributed, by some, comparison with the general tone of the anti slavery preasto UM fact that they are engagsd largely in towards the South. This party, too. sends up representa- he understood the question, went at once into the meritsof it, and carried the war into the enemy's ranks. And bis opponent early la Uie contest begaS to cower and shrink from h a blows, and tried in vain to evade UM istoe The American people understand the negro, aad where a direct appeal is made to them they .truly re- spond. Though tbe story of Dean Swift, is which, in a certain country, he represents the horse as being greatly soperfor to the man, ta aa ingenious 'one, yet it misleads nobody amongst bs, because horses are so common that their qualities are understood. Si' UM romances ot the aboliti,-t.ists, in which they represent Uie negro as being equal and evea superior ta the white man, deceive no one familiar with the negro. IBsouthern Ohio, for example, where free negroes are quite common, there a little or no abolitionism; while to the northern part, in which Uie ne- gro is seldom seen, auti-stevery carries everything beforethe fact that New Hamcshire was originally strongly de- tian associations of tbe country, in spite of all the rests it. European writers know little or nothing of tbe negro, mocratic, and its press recated, therefore, to soma extent, tance which the «tp>it <f« carpi and Christian charity snd hence our profet.-ors, preachers, and other mere UM statements of UM ftboliiioniata. Had not New Hamp- prevailing among them could present It has stricken beok Bin of the North, are easily led astray by Euro- shire been s small State, and surrounded with adverse down every public man in the North within tte reach pean and American abotKionieis. but the people of the mdueacea. she would probably aot have been over- who baa shown a willingness to administer the constitution con: try, who are accustomed 11 look at facta, are aot so powered The anti slavery movement has gone oa with fairly in relation to slavery. Whenever it has obtained con r'sdily" imposed on. A thorough investigation oferst •; ;«rty «n\<l not hoeorabry avoid doing whit it! free States oa UM border*! of UM slaveholdmg country. nators. He declared that if, when a European Congress Sul aao woaid have been liable to the charge, had it fail- It is not as the abolitionists allege, that their consciences had met for boainess purposes, a similar coarse had been ed to do thia, of sbdung its prmcipiea from time to time, are so much blunted that they cannot appreciate the evils taken, the Congress would at once have been broken up. and to fhaping da coarse as to favor nan intorveatioa of slavery; but simply because they do understand it In our State Legislatures such things, if they occur, are when it would thereby admit free States into the Uatoa, i that they'cannot be imposed upon by the falsehoods ofthe ant: slavery writers. In addifoa to this reason, thesoon stopped by personal collisions. Tn Congress, out of deference to sectional feelings, there in no attempt to check such men as choose to embark in the trade of heap- ing all manner of obloquy en our constitufots. This acti-aad of toing tor ODnjrreeaional intervention, on UM otherhand, when it might thereby prevent the formation of aslaveboldtsg State. Had it tailed » maintain its principlesoa this occasion, it would have been justly exposed to this" adjoining it, m less so. Thai may bj accounted for from stevery party has torn to pieces most of tbe great Chris chanre Their opponents ia UM North, however, oa theWeitarn States have a large influx of Southern emigrants. 1While Vermont is intensely aboHtiorjized, New Himpshire,reeeal >f the Miasouri restriction, raised at once an im-mense c^mor, showing that their fhendship for non inter-mention was only pretended, aad that they had acquiescedla the measures of lateonlv heeaaBe they create! a freeHUM «>ath of 38 30, aad did not attend the principles tobe appheu n a case m which, by say possibility, UM South increasing strength, ontit it has educated a large portion trol of the Legislature it has caused them to pass the most the subject shows ths negro to be inferior, andought carry its mstttattoos north of this line. We all; of UM Northern people to entertain feelings of hostility to stringent acts for the nullification of that clause of the hence the principles which apply to white been taxed as those of other foreigners are. The impression kaaw that, prior to 18M, they as regularly audi slavery and the southern States. The movement has pro- constitution which provides for the return of fugitive men cannot be extended to him. No farmer as- wbitb such an occurrence would have made on their vehemently denounced UM Missouri oempromiM af gressed independently of political occurrences, bat it has slaves. When, many years ago, the State of South Caro- sumes tbat what a advantageous to the bog, for minis and thoee of the country generally, might possibly the have sines done the Kansas iniquity-, hat asr ocraslonally been accelerated or retarded by them, lor lina threatened to nullify a law of Congress, the whole example, a necessarily so to the sheep To determine, then have arrested the anti slavery movement when Itaooa ts d was proposed to repeal Uua restnc- example, in 1860 it was weakened somewhat, partly Ucion was thrown^nto a state of the greatest excitement; therefore, what a to "be done with the negro, you musttoa to carry oat the prmcipM of Cuswjaislniisl aon< by the great dlaoussioa at that time, which ealightened but so common have these proceedings become to toe sludy the negro himself Remember, 1do not undertakeiaienesuon, Utoy soddaoiy became the warm advocates* somewhat the popular Thind, and also by the pecnli&i free States that they now scarcely excite a remark when to decide how or when Uie negro race became differenta) tha tame Miasouri Una, sad deplore*! da remJVAl character of ths legislation, of the period. Cali- passed. This party> l;>0> "** organized societies, and from the white. Tbey may. as many mea of science eon mint of tbe anti slavery party cinnst be arrestedFrom the first to the last they showed themselves to be fornia waa admitted as a free State, with boundaries hired agents to meal and. carry away slaves from the tec'l, have been created of different species, or they miyfreesoiisrs, and ihBsi IIIIIWHI to axdude the south from all reaching far south of the Missouri line, and giving Southern States; and when a gang of twenty or have been rendered different since their creation, by aashare & the public territory of UM Union. While the] UM North the majority in this body; while the more is taken off at a tine it is mads a matter act of ProvMer.ee. Some plausibly say, that inasmuch asKaasas bill was pT-^'-g Uiey Uu-eatonad to hire BMB u». principle of Eon intervention applied to L'tah and New of public rejoicing, and their papers boast of the we learn rroni the Scripture that a certain race were con- the other si le of the chamber do aot think tha will occur.otcupr Umt Tarntory. aad did, ia fact, sand bodies ot Mexico was regarded as a fruitless abstraction, the Brmad r fflaas to hold it by force, osnstituung, aa the &>H general opaltn prerailirg that, to use the words of Batar from Uhnom t Mr. iioufctos) said, a military occupa- Mr. Webster, the law of <iod had excluded slavery from tion This movement provoked retsiiatiJO, aul tfle strifo them. A- to the Fugitive Slave law, it was seen that it Una oaBStoaad was referred to by them as evaonc* could practically, like iU predecessor, the act of 1798, beperfection of the underground railroads, aad of themiltiucs of dollars worth of property that they havetaken I'rcm the South. The 'ederal syst'm, instead ofgrvitg us protection, only alTrrls our enemies imma- is right as to theory, I think it .dear that the difference be- nittes and facilities for aiUck. Iii&ieaJ of bejig a shield, tween, tbe white race ana UM negro ts as great aa thatWin u (.ablings and others proclaim that "the South eaa net be kicked out of the Union,' such a declaration 13 re- ceived by the anti slavery party of Uie country with evi dent *Usfaction, and genera!]) with apoiause. You Se- nators and your supporters do not believe there is danger in any event, be cause prominent slaveholders and men of wealth occasionally tell you they are conservative, and that the Southern people will submit to any treatment vouBgaBst Uie policy of BOB mtarveniioa. By the same ef- rendered a nullity by State action and individual resist the t'mon has been c inverted into a sward, to s a b us the between cerutinr4iflerenttpoutes of animate of Um sametart oa their part they ooukl have created diaorders a ance. It is a -;reat mistake to suppose that the repeal of more deeply. It is idle for Senators to say that a ma genus, ibui approximate each other in their structure andsay taste of UM Coma, aad aught, with as much justic^ the MSfacuri restrfcUon to W54 produced UM present ant; jority of the people of their States are not in favor of bitbita But :t m said, Bayou deny tbe manhood of thehare ttteetpted to dtseredk UM onocipis of Stats BJVH, shmrv organization, la 1S47 and 1S49 the House of Rep these unlawful proceedings. If only one man out of DeeTo* No more than I should deny the monkey may thick tit to impose But you should remember thatreajBty. Is (act, UMy rafar to the aua iBvasaw of UM reteatatives, by large majorities, repeatedly passed the every hundred should be a thief, and the other ninety hniii*uf an spe u* 1 should say he is not a lef Vugmia, by some of thair employas, as an arga| Wttoitit proviso- and this was understood to have been nine ahoold not restrain them, by legislation or other babocV or the duclmuip of a mallard, if j , UM state of society prevailing in the Sooth. done in, accordance with the wishes of their constituents. wise, this minority of thieves wouid be able to steal all u. ny 1b.1t he is a canvass back duck. Instead of indulg- It a aajioabtedly true, however, that in oonse Prior to 19S0, meat Of tlie churches had been divided by the piopertv to the community If societies wore formed ing a vague generalities about human liberty and the qucsce af the repeal of the Missouri restriction Uus issue. Trim year w y*sr the anti slavery, sentiment m Massacbisetts to steii property to Connecticut or New rights ti man, examine the nature and condition of UM true aad patriotic men were defeated u the North by frea acquired more and more; political fnUoence; and in 1848 it York, the Legislature and people of the State would negro himself. Fcur tboasand years ago, to UM climate towers and atK-ntift—rtt Whea toe deasocrati: party had look poseeaeion of the greater portion of the doubtless take steps to restrain them This is done b<st ocile.l to bis constitution, he >,\a- a savage aad a the rrwni mas sad UM ililnsiaansllin to reform the cor whig party m the free States. No one was even with reference to foreign countries, to prevent slave. In ba own country be stands in the same category so laCaciittai in electing thj result as the ScSt- war between them. American citizens are punished with ivory, dates, and other tropica, productions. Ifibe.-e persons are not always the readiest to volunteer to (lefuid the country in time of war, and that many of them dread civil cemmitions. During our Revolution there were weeltby tones in every one of the colonic ami at the time General Washington evacuated Uie city of New York he was urgetf by one of his subordinate offi- cers, a Northern man, to burn tbe city, for tiie reason thai two thirds of the property to be destroyed belonged to tories. You do not believe, also, because you say that if tbe- ''otith were In earnest it would be more united, and would not send up. as she does from certain districts, members of Congress who assist you in party movements,tex from New York. Id a speech delivered taring that fer going into Canada to disturb that British com trersfcrrrd, as merchandise, to a forciguer, he x usuallyrency aytem ia part by the adoption of UM Sab Treasury!plan, it sustained severe losses for the wans. Ia Ut» morsi n n M iiadiiiatlai iif pmcmg the slavery qnestmo on apertnaoau aad sohd beam, with retoonoo to the acuonof the federal government, It has had to encounter, per*haps, creator aUBmaMS I am aot sore, however, that i| telly to them, because i| saaH have occasion to refer t> tionists from the South, we should be involved in a warwould have been as mash weahsaed, hot far the acci- them again presently —with Great Britain in lest* man six months. What would he the feeling cf those border States, if Canadian orators should boast that their societMs had robbed them of S43,C0P,9M worth or their property. ;ust as they now saythonah subsequently, in contact with Uie Carthageniaus, Romans, and Sara, ens, bs still remained a savage and a steve. In the West Indies, and in other portions of Amerka where they form independent communi-deatfti n iisBUmBS which it could aot foresee Darius the wtritemeat arMtBg oat of the repeal of UM Mwsourl restrxoOB, there occurred that singular orgaaUxsaMSl called the American party, whksh carried a majarity ofalmost every one of the itoithars States. It severed,The party of freedom asasa aomylsto and um tarsalyear In < 'hio. the object, ;n part, uf which was to induce munity. If societies were formed to Canada for a similarthe aau slavery men to join the whig party rather than purpose, and were, in foci, to steal an equal amount or ths Buffhto pjatfbrm free sellers, be uses such expres- property from New England, New York, Ohio, and othertKULilteo by escaping from a master who will eat him intimes cf scarcity to one who treats him with more lenityand often with kindness Egypt was the seat of the ear- and in answer to your threats proclaim their love of thesions as Uu»te. I call the attention of Senators particu Northern States, to what is carried away by the aboli- i'est eiviex.auon kno«n to man. and the Egyptians held the negro as a slave, but were not able to civilize his race:stitiiescies of such members are merely misted as to the purposes, principles and power of your party by those newspapers on which they rely for information Let them bare proper knowlelge ss to Uie condition of the country where your influence prevails, aad Uiey will man-lest toe same feeling mat UM rest of the South does. Gradually a knowledge of your movements an i objectsand the Senator from New Hampshire (Mr Hale) tte other day declared that it wss wrong and insolent for Southern men to talk of resisting merely because tbey, the republicans, elected men to carry oat " their views V^ That Senator ia very wise, and knows that, whea a aaaa wishes to subdue a wild horse, he treats UM animal— — I Slavery a UMam of not_of the States only, but u i af mankind deeply athey hold that value of Southern runaway slaves? But ties, notwithstanding "the advantages they had frommen who combuto to plunder the people of UM Southern tbe teachings of whits men, and their great powwith Uie greatest kindness at first, and commits no tied. Suppose that your candidate was known to aadurag that period of eaeitomeat, sad psflataently ah, of act me nation onjy, but.of afl[.nsJaaaa. It perverted States, so far from being punished, are, in many cf the ers of imitation, tbey seem to be returning to their origi- a spreading over the Southern States. Two occur overt act oa him until be tt well aad securelyaeparsatd from ths dewMowtte party, many who would otherwise have returned to S. On its sod- •tea collars*, moat of Ha members ta the free 9>BteS BflMad with a Jaw swawaw abeitttoadsts aad Formedranees, I hovo BO doobt that the democratta party woaid have, are ahte, lasssaiiil UBawBawaaaey io sevoratBf the Bat again. Mr- President, whea, in the1«7, Bohwrt1-VaVw wasmadeGovernorof Kan he yohBcJy lialsriil that UM ctimats of that Territory 1.1 oary to ho a (roe Stass, aad also asaarod the peo-iuei ia condemned geaerally m UM Interferons* or tetetwaot iof ths cAiaea*of the Tarn tory to de»and corniputd the aagy, and tide eon1habitfree States, encouraged hy the legislation there. During nal savsge state. When we torn to the free negroes of UM rentes have materially contributed to unmask your ob-has yet the last session, UM Senator from New York (Mr. Seward) United States. what shall I say of them' Why, Northernaia^wred°S3i^Btteoir5?n^ of'ftunSaawS c m ^ r a e V w e ^ v ? ^ ^te UMSSBM way by a system ot bleat laws owl »»sra_arBB> eratie and odtotte. It a written in the oaastttatton of tea Oat-introduced a proposition for additional legislation to pre as well as Southern men, and even Canadians, character-Tent the foreign or African slave trade to the United ize them as Uie most worthless of UMhuman race. For-State*. In 180*. Congress passed laws to prohibit that urade, merly UM aboiitioawta ascribed their degradation to theand since that time, a period of more thaa fifty years, want of political and social pnv ileges. But daring ths mid-as far as I know or have reason to believe, UM law has dle ages, m Europe, Uie Jaws were not only without politi give ts the South toe betieaUt of the constitution, was tonics to that country, and bs * | ^ B ^ t L ! K been violated but in a single instance. What other law cal pnv ileges, but were, as a class, odious, and severely beaten largely in every free State, by a mere adventurer majority cf votes, wouid tbe mtaorttv, 7 * 0 " 1 * * 1 on your statute book has been so well kept:' I repeat, persceated 1yet UMy were.Nevertheless, intelligent, ener- like Fremont, a great impression was made on UM con- wish to preserve their Mdepeadea-os, *******what law has Congress ever passed. which there was a getic, and wealthy. In potot of (act, m some portions of servative men of UM South. They began to realise the ULU ttolroeiy had been ? £ * £ * * < ? * ,;tins. In my judgment, the; e are two modes in which itto wouad the sensibilizes of any one. or to claimrtt-etftas. but th s is a mistake; for, though there aco in a they aef to be ot tf:lhr..wa, il.» oaly by lecided and per- superiority for my section, let as, nevertheless, thirking of eawsfvtag the union with the mother nsaatiiMate t * * avery In diffferent parts of the world w o f>f ail severing extrt'ors on the other side. There are, in my look at some of the principal (acts. One of the bast taste Our ancestors waely determined that the Banana af r,irr*. T>t :• ba* mai-ifested EOsvmpatby for any b it the op'BJon, suflioieLt conservative elements in the free Stat.-* of tbe prosperity of a country and its healthy condition Grea. Britain were less dangerous thaa bar acts of par- nceri. »ii I even to aegro tlavery it terms ta different out tor th. p'oipofee, if Uiey caaou.y be properly arrayed ia tt the progress cf its population. Compare the population liament Let as took at thai matter for a few,'wie of tiie Cnlted S'ates I maictain :t ha? no principle (.pprisitton. It is necessary that the diacusaiou shoal 1 b-s of Ute fit teen slaveholding States with that of all the free calmly At this mom. i t tbe population of t t e Lat thy subject, I shall devote B fee proton yourselves " Hw w;>rds made the deeper im- BrBBBUBBfjrqieet.ua.ithasbetaproaaioaopocme,be.-aasetheywereiaaccordancewith-tat-Amannegbtbefororsgaioi»ttfeetariif.theback,questir.ninvolved.Thecao^titutonalargumeatissuT-lastdecadeascertained.Ifwedeductfrombothsection atefreepersonsaad(barmillionslaves.AttheIBPB'IIM S S i l • • aBeaBSBBB*H*t «f Bweraaty tieaiwt tBt subject dornag the may thlrtc that they are not fanatics pat the misfortunerrt •< sr» poBucel MB, Bud from diuereat p Bin of vtew, m that UMy are. Yoo will gam nothing by mskiag to !U«ati B>eBBrBBB SBf SPBMOBS BtTHXUMf , BBl B* fUll/ ft* Utom concessionsi yoo cannot thereby help as: bat yva require. Before i BBSring directs wttl n i n your#elv*s. By fltandtcg ftrm yo« can at kastpeople mean to abo tea slavery in your section. YouU» e^BwMratiC party M rtSBOUSlOle my own settled eoovicttons. Bat BOW UM evii has at- tte lit! dtf.rit uili-n or inuroa! improvements: he flcwnt for ibe lat#:ige-t and honest, but if A be said, f.r{or OH- Mtl»l»fW7 iitaa*JU of IB* North. A reteo- tamed soch alarming ^'motsioos that tt demands coa- • r t BBS tte P" witl vindicate at moat tri«BV •deration. When a dark and rapidly a-l^ancmg pour r from TBe coarse of UM o>d cloud aaa already coveted half the hearens, H r t ' eerty IB Ite war of laU hid brought it teto aad the nvittsrings of the distant thunder 'aad the 4»rredit MM BB aBMnBBB peOptt. IIS wainn^s of the eomiog storm are loudly hyard.. noae Bits a vMwef tito BaBUter fa*or Bad bat a lalse sentinel will oroc<aim a cala Kmwent!ytnroegu « UM saatroi Bf the gov«rnm*al. attsed upon the futtte, UM, and machavoos are declarations of SouUMm m t f H <*f UM ftBBlMBrtM ttf atBBBQrt for • IIBBBIIBI IBM B»B agaiDBt %i;:taticwi aad la favor of um »n and harnaoav?tile foreign emigrant population,which is aa-accideatal in- of our Rcvoltiticn the population of tte colonies, both frea crement, it will be found that Uie slaveholdiBg States have and slave, was teas thaa three million The tlsirarllBM increased much foster in population Una the free States Bastes are then for more than four times as ~Again, sir, a fair eaUmate of UM wealth of UMtwo sec were UM colonies when tbey dissolved UM» Lata v» r, but boj-viitj *o negro slave')' ia the I'atH ' w*de!y extended, aad alto directed to the meriU uf tbe States ss shown by tbe census of 1S40 and of I860 tte Beariy thirteen millions, of which more thaa eight 1ni-glit bt a Pr..ieM*ot, a Catholic, a Christian or infidel; exampb? merely, that slavST} a.= exiitmg in the Sc-uthernin t ii he was only actuated by aa intense feeling of hne- States a a great wi&ng aa*. * great evil, yet that •aadert*t'y to i.egro siaverv, or, asthat fs toterwoven with the th" crast.tUitoa tha people of the North have no right torcxisa! ostein, of the Sooth, if it wer« only known that be •tste-ferr with n, the parly io defend-ng will in the end tioct will show that tbe citizens of the Southern Skates are Great Britain, te tt nkety that after having I• a* a. x ens that the federal government should exerefsr lose greuul, b cause raatSts .>f men when excited by as rich per beat, I think la fact richer, <thsn those of Uie pendent for eighty years, oar oenpte are less attached ta all ts rowrrs for the t'estniction of the Southern States, real or .magiha/y w rt*fB will to time break over free £tatcs It was also shown by Mr. Branch, a col their rightsT But many of cor abotttoniste say fast stars*li.. mar. wmdd have been accepted *3 a j(ood member of Br'-re legal reitiaiils »n. ii thty regard as unjust league of mine, some two years ago, that of the old holding has enfeebled our people, aad rendered them aa :be biack republican party. But while at1the o-mhars an-: cr.mii.al. Th»y hold that ""where there a a AUantiQ States the steTeboldtog bad more mites of rail- spiritless tbat they are neither willing nor able to matetfc- "• i*, BBfl, By ftpB«*iiaf b> thft aati-Bbtvery INMag of When a man la threatened wtuh violence, will ha stay the ct the party are actuates by thl* pr'nriple or feebog, they wii", \hf-r is a » a / , ' and will una some mode of road iu proportion to thtir white population, than the defet-ce. Edmund Burke thought differeetly, and saMUM V»rio*-n» !*M***, cre«t«d • secOoafti pftrty powerful hand of UM assaiiart by proctai-tong ha love of p.--ace* ctlfer as to the parlxKtsT steps r>r mea^nre to be taW.-o. actim. Bit ia ths case tue real ist ie s, wheUtor free States. There are other evidence* of aur that of all mea slaveholders were UM most tenacious affttbjDtC t» prtTftBt, for ft tl.TM, IBPfcllBIBBOUuf UM tftftM When ft country a invs'ted by a public eneni/, can the or not tt- r.r; , :r the tqaal f>f tbe abite man physicaUy, their righto, and defended their liberties with tbe high inhabitants protect themselvts' by passing r*>solut.ics in It e ireit moderate of them &ay tbey are merely oopore«l material wealth to which I will presently advert. and haughtiest spirit I do aot re'er to Uie war ofBunsf the BtrwgXt* ft 9*orw«M B~B> ftdoftMd that faworofpeaceaadharmony1* Alltheworldregardssuch totheexreasirnofslavery, and therefore tiny arc for •ttebfct'tu»vuduiv;rai;>!t Th<^ahusuallyevadediatoe Cn the score- of morals ft may be said that we Revolution,whenalltheStateswereslave-holdjig: hutI fti7»-r *tMx:).i m - w •xMt a U M 'territory w-*t prot.blurc It ia tbe Territoriea, a r j e^pofed to the aJ- rtbcu.-s li.tLis ia ibe rcalauiest:.* wb.chiics at thafouA- Lave fjwer criminate and paupers, and, proportionally,mad a 'TuntiiMitoBBi, it • • • aottuesceii u for the aahe of^, comnertdrdfrepwe aiv.i quiet, and denontc-^L Demos that'this was hlB pcf»iti«>n, that he was for conflaiog rem ir, f-lav«.ry, and c»n bo excited to efforts for lite libera u ni. But >oi must remember tbat our population is ex and Johnsor. Scott and Forsyth. w»re not as bravethese* as % po!:t :«J ag iif ~r. It was to the mitist of men s axtry to :W present limits, so that to time ii laigbtcf a^e ton. [»». - Bud wbea, at IBM. iw*<*« % %• BBO«XI>4 to UM who wer* cr-.itr out uP«aee| p»ace ' that-Patrick Henry t-i be prrflt&Me, srd ia tbal way he . xttngrtisber' As Iana*thedeaweritk.¥+..,«.JB'/,thitMMMrilio« Umnderedthatitierewas"Nbpeace'''IftheaboliUmBtstfciaprsfHenisUkeBhyman;.-menwhoclamtoIf, t.;n 'he t*«iilfary,h>r be diuefbnt to material re •mtLt:willu.CJSB,anaalson.e'.or,thenhisas these who went from the free States t't the Canada tended over a territory of nine hundred thousand miles line, or that Jackson and the men under him in thanextett,whilemanyoftheNorthernStateshaveadenseSouthwestdidnotexhibitapropercourage.TottepopuSattcn. It ii the ten encv of an agricultural people. war with Mexico, throtigr much the less populous sec tea. * tt 3n 'nhmited area, to extend itself rapiniy at first, UM iiocth sen: nearly twice as many uie« as tbe North Ai v «".l. i<-:e«J thronfffj't ac t f aTery. wh'Oh lejftlly ex- m the Vortti c®nid be induced to .i?jaE>loo agitiuoa on the be n,.>c>r»te aad eonserrst.ve ia their views, let us ?T Ipi Ct1 t -t t« iiccided ca itld^a aii j lia and uot fioai any *••• J n -T T J p»rt CM<hM Sift.ce, wftfl abotB^od *a4 pro- sobw-ct '.' *' kVery, n would he weU; b'it UMJ- reject with amine it fo' a few moments They bay thn: rf slavery be cj?e r r I aralogy to ti.at of the wh.te man. It is net. asWISIDB tt'« gi'gee»':on ant Beeome ouly IT."e ioso co'ittE*.! to its pTeeent Mmtts, the slaves will increase in r>*pp*«eleading Mark renubtican editor gtys that one regimes* from Vow York would be able to e^cij'ier all the Sou th- orn 8lates A regiment from tha State or New York car!»»Btas.-*-';iln>rT!mencryoitttaelouderfbrqui:-tand numbertothatextentthtts'aveUlornitiint;.-a»'>esn tb» ivql leliki which I parsed through <!uricg the past summer hasthe a-ivautagf of ai.y portion of the Union. E.ea in Italy, teiolj ovndurted itself well daring the Mexican war: butuuioc WIK i. some t-»-nty ifir? years ago, the a^(1li**.^n aN P ant tb^t the supfdy %-.\\ exceed the d »m»nt' and cf r-i',nr r prejudice agaJhit a black sk_a. If a negroshamey -; ilie .Vu'th ku<t .» [K>ri,..a >( the Inatorrrn of thai numtie~s •?•«« •v'tfcat tr.<* cxaiiidate f">r ''.egress ir that great Di.iabcr of "laves wbo ire cur' ec! :LI"!'.-• 1 ."•• tt.i * v , tbe fir: IL.it he is iu aft re.>-(iecti» iliffereut fiom th- jit of the abolititnists. thes< States oug!A to be du« ihe SiUtb, cur people will p-aBably differ wi'.h you ta-cape, t»a bring to>-;i u miimi by tft« combiBtHi row of too eatira whif ana K- men to liberate tlie <»!»v«. yet so •amjjp.lciat :n cut m feet! and cle-ibe i ilave- then if ewi ? *o Ibe nnd Cir'; t.;>it?. The teeiiag agairst him grow^ out 01 Mate of New Eng'and. According to the to therefor*, thick that one of your regiments is able to suhvr>-! •"•>r 'roai ItlluoM (Mr. OftuglAii ftfi'il oUtortl, <tad ftfl its pn'p««<"' were.rner y pracef-il, an inten'l -i to p-rcbor. t.'t it be a Ftim<-d fi.r i i istratjoii tba« it e K»t» ten the ii !;. ,vu<e b l»". •u bUci and r.d ha:r or lightthan tbe reg'mcrts from Uie elavebolding States If yn,p'actd under Uie dominion of the House of .lus-1 tuned uM UM p'ocipie of i>nnre%mtiaml BOB inlor ron- any pl^tRts as to nm course no the sob;e<s<r slavery. iiDtiotihcecly it woo'd be an advantage for the wn-rv to ere tt at * c a; mod b -r", fre cbatj' e-. are tbal be will a; tra or the Pcpe of Rome. The entire Stale of Mas resistance to yon As a sudden movement of a few na>' 'O Bftor yoftta of tmi'tam »tr«nifi« it waa aban datritt ret'ut-ed to repiv to ita interrotratories, or to grVeB»s aauotod by UM rtmftyrurn IBB BMaaaros of IhoO. la Ber this li-' was comr:h'.-<'B|trd by ITamsi-a (.ray Odi-, lib. rate them. But remember that when th" labor of a once agr; e •* tii c e a privhte coav- reatiua, and adiait, to saotiusetts tenet larger than one of the Congressional dis- groes stimulated by abolition emissaries, might destroy acujirfp-4, aot aaiy By UMNorthern oppoatfcoa, hat also by where the people wore ignorant of its actual feat—res, this a the policy of the most moderate and conservative while a ?ecoud has from his brth the seeds of rlebtlity the &utaerB f\ tjooeota of the .letaocrailc pftrty, that t m and (has fitted more easily to be impose1 anon Irrthat of the black republican party. There srs others of them and incurable disease, and a Uiu:u ts mentally imbecile orobject for sympathy, and is, in fact, benefitted opinion tbe slaves are a-positive element of strength, be-reai-e^iib e fur the ftllegod enls of CbBgreasiaaai vicinity. too, were the remains of old prejudices agaiust who say that, in addition to this, the Fugitive Slave law p<Tbttps laiotii ' Would the isjufettec to the feeble be aoa ate'Teatioc and the Uistarbftaoat Bf Bo c*Ued ths southern section of tti-- Tnion. The eiTort of the mu^t tie repeated: slavery abolished to the District of greater if chcy were black men'1 Are we to refuse to be- 1 =»,j.:ter aorereifnty ' ia UM Terntorwa. I affirm aboUuomats waa directed to the corrupting of know- Columbia, the forts and arsenals, aad wherever the lieve the facts which nature constantly presents to us, liiM, a U B O , whea Uua syitam waa adopted, it ledge at aa fountain heads, by the diffusion of publica- United States has exclusive jurisdiction. Others of because they do not harmonise with our ideas of the j u s wia j:sUdawd by UM raproarntabres of UM Soathara tions directed to that end. Its first froiu were Item contend likewise that the slave Irate b> tice of the Creator ? The Bible itself dots not explain to «h)f% with UM freBtast anaainuty I waa no axoupOon seen ia Ha influences on women, prtacheas, teachers and tween the States most he aboDshed, and also the us wbj" it is that, wbiie tin talents are given to one man, to ih> r m a r k , for I bad aaaottaced alraady my aepara- professors, persons of lively sensibilities genera'iy, not as coastwise trade between the States. Other classes insist,by his subjection The second one te, that Uie white cause tbey add to UM production of Uie country, white 1ace are not injuied by the institution; that the Southern tbe white race can furnish soldiers enough. Every man,States constitute, in tbe aggregate, a prosperous commu- too, among us, te accustomed to ride and to carry wea-nity, aad ought aot to be the subject of denunciation at pons from his childhood. There are, however, other im- the North. Should this be made to appear, then, what- portant elements to be taken into the account. Daring tteLt-o -•oa UM orgaartotion of UM whig party. I repeat that lb. 3obUMTB opooaUioB of that aay, OBdar the kud of Mr Cay. war* the first portion of their fellow ci&saas to Kbu.ta UM Miaan in Ua* aad support the prmciale of D >Q L-rveatioa by Coarreaa. Oa U M othar hand, the fci^t aa>« Irmeat frtenda of U M MMaouri Hne were Utosa repreaeated at the Naahvilla OBBWIIIUUB whueu arhma- i..m A was aad sach aaBahtrs aad Repreaeatatiras from the -. ;ih m were la that day denounced as altraa « t l Are eaters, huranae of their aot adopting the priBcipie oftoagrtmioBBl BOBinterrentioa ia Den of the Mwaouri ttaa. Vhea UMSS facta are remembered, will UM pre- sent .Southern 0|anBUou and its organs couunua to as- sail the democratic party for an act which they them-too, that slavery shou'd he be attacked to the States them selves, the largest number of the party, however, .-land on the same ground of the Senator from Ke * York (Mr Snwardi. He says that slavery has no '• constitutional guarantee" which may not be released and ought not to be relinquished; that " circumstances determine possibili- ties: ' that they must stand ready "to do everything when and oa every occasion that we can;' and that "whenever the public moid shall will the abolition of slavery, the way will be open for it:' and " it can be and must beFor the inequalitymuch accustomed UKteal with mattun of tact, more easily deluded by cunningly devised sophisms, sat more fre qnentiy acting fro-n the influence of feelings. Soon aboii •too seutimt Bti" appeared In books of e<lucation; (rot pos aesatoa of srbeois, coltegea and churches. As its powers mcreated, its efforts were mchiplied, until it covered the land with its oabiications. Some \ *eive months sgo it was smted in the newspapers that one of UManti slavery orgftnaatwos had resolved m arcu'ste, daring the follow- ing year, in UM S U M ot New York, one million of its tracts. Can such an amount of printed matter as this,consisting, as it does, of ingeniously written misrepreeen tations and falsehoods, fail to pro lace some effect* Remem- ber that Utis a repeated from y a r to year, aad aided by10 another but a sirele talent is given.oi ibe a. Fro. frovideace is responsible, as He is tor tlie oatire creatiiiU whicn surrounds us. When hu- rrac 'awa are iu aocore'aaOB with the system of nature, they ate wise; but if to apposiucn to it, they are pro duettve only of mi^-nalf- The questiaa a signifi- cantly asked in the Ssriptore, "Can the Ethiopian cbai-ee his &kui. or the leopard his spots?'' The ancients expressed their opkiocg oa this sublast fiscal year the exports of the United States, exclu- sive of specie, were $278^000,000. Of Utis amaont, the free States furnished, exclusively, $5,281,00a. Uie slave States $IS8,603.000, and the two sections jointly, also, $84,417,000. Of this totter* sum oi $84,000,000 Ite stove States probably furnished one third, but certainly one fourth. A fourth added to UM amount, exclusively furnished by them, makes a total of S210.000.000 as tha value of their exports to foreign countries. They also ex-Fported a large amount to UM free States. New "gliw*alone received about fifty million dollars worth of Southern productions, and to the rest of Uie tree States were sent, doubtless, more. Tbe entire exports from the siavehild ing States to the free States and to foreign countries cota- bued most greatly have exceeded three hundred mifltea dollars. As the Sooth sells this much, it of course, eaa af- ford to buy a like amount. If, therefore, it const toted a separate confederacy,it imsporte would exceed three hund- red miliicn of dollars, a duty of 30 per cent on this amount, which woold be a lower rate thaa has generally been oatd under our tariffs heretofore, would yield a revenue of $60,000,000. More than fifty millions of this sum could well be spared for the defence of our section, and t t e support of larger armies and navies than Uie present government has. {Though it may seem strange to yon that Uie South should to Uus way raise aa large a revenue as the whole Union has aver done, this, too, with a lower ta- riff, yon most remember tbat most of the tariff taxes tha South pays go, ta fact, in the shape of protection to those Northern manufacturers who threaten us with negro in- surrections snd subjugation Do you think that wtth these prospects before our people they are ready to submit un- conditionally to yon? They have the strongest feelingsof contempt for the avaricious and g r e e l y . the canting and hypocritical, the mean, envious and mad cious abolitionists. Little as they may think of UM frea negro, he is, to their judgment mure respectable thaoaha white man who comes down to his level, and with all tha world to choose a master from, your nagro worshipper would be their test choice. Ia nuking up oar calcula- tions we most also look to tbe otter side. The free States bave a population of seventeen or eighteen millions. Though this te considerably more, numerically, than oar strength, yet it tt much less, relatively, than was t t e population of Great Britain ia 1776. I have no doubt that your people are courageous generally, bat tbe best aad bravest of them are ta the democratic ranks, and, white tbey would defend their section, if attacked, I doubt if they would easily be induced to assail us. Many of your abolitionists belong to the "peace party," ana bave little appetite for cold steel, though Uiey are irnst efficient to getting up popular clamors, and are formidable at the baiiet box. It tt also true that while every truag UM South needs she can either produce or commonly get cheaper to Europe under a system of free trade, year Northeastern States arc especially dependent on the South for its productions and freights. How many of jour JBB- nufactnrcrs and mechanics would emigrate to the South to avoid the payment of tariff taxes- if it were known tbat one third of tbe stores in New York coui 1not ba rented, how much would real property fall then* De- prived of Southern freights, what would be the loss oa ycur vast shipping inter est? I give you, in this calcula- tion, tbe benefit of tne assumption that all the free Sutteawould go with you. In (act, I da not believe that tha Northwest would remain connected with New England, .-till lees that you could retain California and Oregon. But you, Senators, do not believe the South w i l resist Look for a moment at UM course of things there- in these sections that I am best acquainted with, there are hundreds of dttnnio&ists now where th»re was one tea years ago By diSvinionistB, I mean seen who would prefer to see UM Union continue, if Uie cmstttutioa were fajly aiimtaistcred, but who have already deliberately come to the conclusion that this is impossible, aad would willingly today see the t nkm dissolved In some of the States thtt class constitutes decided majorities now, aad toothers where Uiey are n<«t Uie majunty te ready to unite with them upon the happening ot soine further causes In my lodgment, Uie election of the Presidential candidate of the black republican party will furnish that cause Tii.- principles of that party, as announced ia the contest of 1*M. were such that no hinorible S-mtav erc man could possible belong to it I seetbe General Committee in their call properlytins view, and only extend their invitation to tha opposil.on .11 UM frea States. What precise aati. shivery platform they adopt ia not very impor- tant, as they will of coarse make it ao as to obtain tha support of their most moderate members, knowing that Uie ultra ones will go with them anyhow. In fact, ther know that, to UM language of the Senator from New York (Mr Sewari), '« circuwstances determine possibilities,** and that he and they are willing "at a!' times" to do afl Uiey can, in power or out of it, ta overthrow slavery, ttUnain. You should understand, however, that the con is «aid, however, that we ought to wait for some overt aet;The interest of the white race demands the ultimate emaacl hired and voluntary !eeturars, speakers and preachers. pad*n of all men Whether that consummati >a shall be allow- ti» - tiie ground that it waa nght to abolish U M MUso ir'i Abolitionism, to a great extent, pervades UM literature of ed 'o lake eil'ect with aeedfil and wise precautions againstthur labor wi.eld be wortii lc£3 than t^n c nts rir diy, wt r n an anu iaftr.or. Whva 1 p'.t tbe g..u at. .n to aayopit cn. You fa- that f*ar cf tat staves wiH prevent aayother wor-ia. it «aa tuea tBtoblMhod, in sab- •uoc-f ftBd eaWt, that the p«r>pia of UM Ter- riiorii, <ro« froa ail CuaitreiMMOOBl tofttlftUoa oa tbr i..b0ct of aiftvory, ahoold roffototo it for U . u»M'!ea«, ftubject oaiy to U M limBattooa of the G*a iLUiton uf UM rn.led Stuea as mMrpretoled by too et.aru •'• the onuBtry. Taia wtUement. like UM propoai- tma ' >< UM extonatoa of UM Mijaouri iu*e. w*a reaiftteU by the grt.it Body at UM ftorUMra artuga, who were for tha fiiBW oronao «BB agatoat UM exMoaioa of amr«rtr ia ao< ruwoe- It waa alao oopOBaa by ttto SooUtora rrieiadtfni tar M^aotui HBC. who preferred that system to Coo- lately and actively to work. There was a strong feel- stand from under before '.hey were destroyed '• As there cfcH brx-qs half the children that are bora In r-ot bowever, propose, Mr. President, to enter in'o a Though the Spartans and Romans were the greatest slave- g ressatofti mterT«Bftwa, aavl who still cBenaaed UM hooe ing ia favor of liberty pervading the public mind gene- are already four mi'iicn slaves in the South, when their New TinciiLd nto the wi-rM %;th constitutions ^e feeble general argument on these topics, but to maintain that UM holders in the world, and though, too, they held in tha Uiat *t 314(01 be fttoi-ted. Ia UM floal atruggla Uksy war* rally, white its attention had never been i ailed to the numbers are increased many times, ro one'wil! pretend that tbey caanot live until they are twenty one years of conservative men of Uie North have within their reach most rigid servftade men of their own color and race, and rei.u»a to B doaeo riouUi«>ra Si-aatom aad thirty repre- specific differences—physlcall, mec'tal and moral—existing that they ever would be removed The plan is to ke>p ago* Or w 1! :l.i v. upon Heir MOWS cf His justice, ex facts enough to establish two propositions. Tbe first tt, therefore nable to rebel in great force, yet they vera atauuurt-a, of whom I was one I call the attoattoa ot between the white man and the negro. The point of ope- the negroes aad such whites as arc compelled tu stay plair *.,}• it >s tbai in the tame nnul> ov.c brother a pro tbat the negro, in tbe condition or slavery, tt not a proper strong enough to overthrow all their enemies. In oar Kuitura to ftaoUMr atrrking fact ia Uua eoBBBOBoa. It to rations selected was one remote from negro slavery, among them down at the starving potot for all time. Ant vided wtb a good ooustitution and a strong intellect,who nev. rts.'less mid. with.prctilu^ic saaj.ic-tji—refult, therefore, is. that population Is to be croud Offer are belwttn tte white man an i the a-gro aaa yet andean von denht, feluiw tiii/er,a, th*.: Uiese ass'cia'i.ma c.i m the South to ulUi extent, tl.it e v r y UKrer is it a tL.s very opposite f tew in lavor of negro equalitystarving point, am! th>is crushed, wrvild he counsel th^ru L.g"o..- inferior Will any Senator on the other site sent, and even during the commercial pressure of 1857 Ihcugh few in aumbers, the abolitionists went reso to await such a rf snlf—or would he not adt-'se them to of^i.is rbamber teil me why it is that Provi- wbich has so seriously affected the Northern States I dopegio should be worth only ten cents, tb.it of ili^- whu» tbe !*i p-age used srme t'jase ago by tbe Senator from afamily or two, ther-. te undoubtedly aptireUensiou felt.-Fifty persons, however , are killedvi« :<'is ard unmatageable horses, to one who suffers from tbe aet of a rebellious negro. There, i^, in fart, absat as much reason to apprehend a general insurrec- tion of the horses as of the slaves of the South whea lefttothemselves.When,duringthewarof 18U the Brttah armies were ta UM siaveh»l-!ing territory, though tbey induced a number of slaves to joto them, Uiey found no advantage to result from It, and their go- vernment paid for all carried off at Uie close of tbe war.man w.nld likewkse ceme d'jwa to tb' prir? Tno I'tlirw? ilr TeumbuU). that Omnipotence has male aIn inss country h ywill a3l m^rtiier for ooht'eal purp aws? Is It in liuraio naturetar tiicb eomMn*!l3os to frs-aear* If. then, thei- B'ltn^-ersshould ha sngmeuiea and he aue-e-s thay anticiiMie realizedUlOi»iltfpioawlytra.hr.«»->>un.>«;My-n,aee.aui*,t.ji.>to wouldasktheSecatirforn Vcrmot-tthisqnes- rus^'enthrewoutsngpoiatecsaboutthedifferenceof crowCedcommunities.Atnoperiodofourhistorynave UOBgreaa retuned under the mimeu.-e of the associations.* tion in all candor if a system was propose.! to be instit i races I Tas dec'unced as ote -.vho atiributed injustice to the Srmbern Slates been more prosperous than at pre- Andhowifci afterwardawouldthisL'aioalast" ted by which hisconatituetitsweretobereducedtothe Gud Amghty m aileging that he had made theto be rednct-d to the starving point, as it wi? in wbsb gives te main forceand vitality to the anti slavery Ireland during tb«' t'cacs of tbe famine, Now I mevfra. at. When, sir, segue twelve y«ars ago, I in d:sabolished, and yon snd I can and must do i t " ctntiy be said:—More reject m the Sable which represented a black manas having been killed iu an effort to wash him white.There is 110 mi.idle ground which can be maintaired oa(his question. If ths oegra be, your equal, why do youexclude him from your par.orv If be be unequal,ycur whole argumeat haa tn iac.t lo^t iu foundation, aad electoral vote has been given to a slaveholding State, for fails If it once be aemittad that the negro is toferior, the ttllce of President, to any Southern man. Our only then ike entire edifice cf aiolitiouism falii to the ground, object has been to select among Northern gentlemen onecut ana New York on Use question of suffrage, aad aao ta the Stales of Illinois aaa. laaLaaav oavthe. aieaaxaiuott to ex- eiucTc free negroes from thsse States, m Uie contest, too, in ni'no'ji, to the year 185i, which resulted In the triumph of the eatiBguished S< nator from Illinois, (Mr. Douglas.)Within their umits or tbe productions of those of the Northern States that bave failed to do us .tostice As Um constitution of UM United States has been interpreted, both by the federal and State courts, there is ample power to effect this by Imposing a tax on articles after they have been imported and UM packages broken, in other words, oa retailers. Two objects are expected to be effected by tha system. In the first place to make tt UM interest of the Northern Statesno counteract the efforts of the aboiutionisui; aad. secondly, to prepare Uie Southern States for a separation, •f Uiey should find it necessary to take such a step. I bave often thought. Mr. President, that tt was unfortu nate that the framei s of tne constitution made no provi SKnforUMexpulsionofaState. IfUMUnionboa place of misery, then, te punish refractory members, Uiey should undoubtedly be kept in it, as criminals are detain- ed in penitentiaries. But if, on Uie other hand, it be a beneficial and desirable thing totemaia to the Union, then bad members ought to be excluded -from it. No State ta my rudgment, has a right to enjoy the advantages of the laion, and yet refuse to submit to the obligations it imposes. Such laws of Congress as ai e held by Uie courts to be constitutional, ought to be obeyed by all the States that share the advantages of the I'nion. £. for example, when, a doaen years ago, UM .State of Massachusetts passed tews to nullify Uie act for tte recovery of fugitives, if she had been expelled from the 1'aion, two striking effects would bave been produced. In the first place, the consciences of UM inhabitanM of that Siate wouid have been freed from all reapousibibty for tbe sin and turpitude of slavery; aad, secondly, their good's, when brou&ht to the United States, would havedemned to be slaves through all time, the negro best fuinistbia iescription, and tcnee take bun as therepre- st mats,-« of that class. Without attempting to decide who* aTtiMM .kings, booause tiayta^'^eome a a j ^ d a r temptation to violate, that has been so well obasrvedl UM Northern States Uie negro has been made a pet of, and state of feeling to the North, and more disunion;* were armies had taken possession of the country aad rThat it was not broken often, is not ow tog to any want of but for bis native inferiority, most have thriven and even made by that occurrence than perhaps aay one which pre- E a r t h s inhabttaattT rathe present case tte . r a gpecUter ai'Tit faw^amBisssaBaa Mass •assailed guaraaaees ofopportunity Northera. as well as foreign ships, have become datinguished. OBtbe other hand, it a an indis- ceded it. The second incident which caused even a muchbeen engaged to the trade, and the extent of the southern putable fact that Uie fcur milium negroes who are held in stronger imrreasion cn UM minds of the Southern the army and navy, -me of ha first acts woajd te, coast affords much greater facilities for Uie introduction of slavery to the Sooth, when their condition is considered ueofte, was the manner in which tbe acts of John aouMfees. w rtauoo tfcem advaatageoasly, wtate, at ttte•as Doe broken, simply because tha people of ths South were not Jam beea-se the pahhs^las iiasa "»•'•• " f * ^ - - ' 5BJSBhad natfisil ths SBBsioa that it woaM be sfr«s oracheaa badone, iiMjiaBBgnia bo doas, atevsrj eaa be willing to violate it. Now, Hr, let me state a case for ths ta IVery sas saw, however, that i* floveraor Walk- Bwrted?oas praarntbonfida Itcan bs aaMBoratei » «»* cucjuderaticn of UM Senate. Suppose, instead of what~~h evea morf BeaadmnmiMaaatBaadTaBdyaaanalsmaad must doit. has actoaHy occurred, the 9»te>iU)eorsria, where some •laves of UM South mcrense as rapidly as UM white race, were made in his behalf, church bells ^^±J^^J^f to forrittg conneottons wMtttte aefraes. Doulhave duua.BalaMlB•BBBFB lawe P S w o SM BBBB o OBBBBJ w^a^w^^eaa1SK fltMal Irfwere persev' thatiroaUd so, •'tt^fij/terwever, woold be oary a I toStor'te* ee^^_.'iLtwiiouwldi"d.estroyosa "higher"a w "•a|b^ ^fired, andmoreBgsriniatmanftU**••>*•" timtte« *what we eaa, and not io neglect or refase to Aj what "rooaaat vised to defeat the act of Congress forhi lding the African cumte-r cf laborers in UM world. What Ihe abontoinistoficent acd;ia rewards gl'*|»«»» j J - ^ ^ f S * ^any ajae. baeaaas at thai preeMa tims and «0> mat paraanaw•lave traiB, sad enciwagmg that triflia try all have to do do a to fiad, or create, a negro msaminiwy UM means in their power suppose, further, that S:iutb- which a superior to teat cf the waves of ths Sooth.TOWaaswor that it ass luthe aoa-that ^ T f o ^ ^ m r a ^ ^ofasmsj MBMstatatt, U a m las.BUnaad'asiMtedtheemstirutionsaad laws offtAHl»*^^U9lea»rjrin©1pti U t e r o Vrrwt t e t e _ W f ^ M Ornate Ite*(of tte Nona more .-.litery »**££** H » ^jSattTamaad hereafter ^ • * A Ttec*^retaBUcan ate** * J * S ^ Ztlie csmaoaittoaShe itren^thern Senators, and other prominent public men, had, in their speeches, aarnasoy rocoBHaeadsd ttevtatetion ofWhen they thai! have dase Utis, they wul hare laid some§rounds for their appeal* ia behalf of emsasipation. liilierto they have rnliaterl UMsympathies and feetmgs ofZ~SZ!!?Z+a*e Yet prcsstea that Fremont was to te elected prodaeedthstewo*<SMWss,and that all through thsLttoTrtellu, Ire n l i x m f . a*XTMpS^5 * ^ths tewtjougrees,awii. <•'the amertoan oe-v-*- OMiaantfma ami tewa aaa nomore i a t share the v irfte af t"M peonjs thaa tea assntd ajraameaaci:unb.al»t»«B0a«resprtJt4. Toen«a»Ute tovsoftrSB the la"w,and provide 1-cflMte.byrtelwadorBtierwissfor eqnalty which ths Cheater bat auds bs recognized, daaaasJ'heeaselrigntaatatactindertttepatexaalrooftsas thesintroductionof Africans,sadmobsgottenopt»ovar- and their system fsjte to ths ground. But UM w a tluitaey aretescatte tiWsahioteaadlB ths ekaaahes: sa pow«rtbertertod8Bteea taarshate, *****J***2* abeHtioaate ratnettmas aay that, eve* if it beformerd s» defeat ths North by falsely iiiBBniiiBg that the negro aad wtuM r f uMcev was anDecnaea aon a w r a w t " "•"»' " •" "^••«^-»your owe oadei estend a cuntial wetoome to Aejfagmve SexToes bars been iBmIplfoflrttfted for evsry ©ae that UM aoeH- iaye - a wearj itaaBs at jour <*our, aad defead mm aa^oaUua the negro te inferior, for that reason,Browr and £ t a ^ a H Utem called forth sate tenjmgt be enforced, and " o«ghl to be rislteaaJanoa.weniU joar tuueraal j i correct your a*n error,BBdjaigat MI tebe ^BWtemercr the pqblfe tr.ii-1 ihaB wO ihethe way w«t osea fer *.rZ^sSfH:'S5:tSH'«, oa be to children,account waste n i t .of fete Doesoughtasbscriaea snd ansa bavs ia aO lesnaato the aaaae nature. Let the to- ^Ghratiatused to large white UM negroes earned to UM North BBOSBM SBWaaaaUeat«£»V'!ttl Sfiiaf a! U14 StetJT. ttes W«l1weakness, henotforty years, and how ana yon justify depriving boam*Must half that atetsr M cfeM- beings of liberty tor aasrs thaidren were t t e equal* af adultsBaitfcMWMMsate* that wejustify their sabjeeBca to the will ^"C eaikaaspatrtehiraai"teTVa^r^Untitled DocumentEa" x*tb.tweentheCflKOwr.CCS«iand,U~*«•*» |b4»^l.fctlWUK«as«wThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069of ayinpeiby sands were --as gistkna as UM crass,At the large meeting at Nattcx, Massachusetts (Mr. Witettt) was araJar, Wright,tea* tujaa "JtaaaQuiatws are to rely oa "J«*»stularevBil.itaasra evea oat af a We are toldliberty af SartbbJitvc «aa wardttmu- te ontbesideof the sip* mer^T m ttte aa The objM-ttons are aot !*rsoaai " ^ - ^ a y "ttegaluwii butapplyequallytoanytaen^fcmfc rt aapplauded. it It bis, to fact, been **g£%ey atfrom pr-adencr, fbr the first •J"JJW ooteatea baveitothis resaantogTte avesage af human Ufe te teas thanapplyof the intellect af America. Already iters are »ea who dan ttno Coubt but that marerreseotetiens on these points havecontributed to strengthen the aati slavery party. agitators, and that UMgreat bowy af tte nsopte were aste L..-t--ia tU<ir stlbncs-s asiuri, a nitre quest "in eh:le eemme»ce and manufacttires concentrate pop-iia- rion. Tried ly ibis standa'd, any one of a ffoz^n monaru'tpresgen as it has Peen for ages, m its agricultural landit hat not, I tbtokT been affirmed thtt it behaved betwrtricts of North Carolina Where a million of people are brought within a small area tbe eye of an observer rests on many habitations and fields. In time, the whole Union, if filled with people, may be superior to the best culti- vated parts of Europe; but even now the inhab'tiats of sparsely settled districts bave as much wealth and cemfort, all things being considered, as those who live iaever of real feeling exists against us w'l! be diminished, and, m that event, we may expect that persona who, like tbe Senator from New York (Mr. Seward), patronise abolition from such motives aa induce a jockey on a race- course to back the horse that he thinks likely to win—all s-cch nersons, I say, will find it expedient to abandon anti- slavery agitation as a trade. To effect such results, how- ever, the friends cf UM constitution in the North must make up their minds to undergo the labor of a thorough canvas of their region against Uie anti slavery men, aad by proper publications refute their misrepresenta- tions. The abolitionists declaim constantly against the slave power. Why, sir ft tt sixteen years sit.ee there wss any attempt by the democratic party to nominate a citizen of the alavehoi ling States for Uie tithe* of President, and for UM last ten years in Uie ccnv« ntioLB of all parties, tile contest has been sulely amorg Northern men. In fact, during that period nowas comparatively feeble. In the present condition of things, such a course would not be practicable!, per- haps. If, however, Mr. President, this hostile moveunder the constitution, let us consider the second remedy, namely, a temporary or permanent separation of the Southern from tbe Northern States Senators onjects and disclose the dangers which threaten The first waa the vote which Mr I dlmore received in 186c. When it was seen that a man like him of avowed anti-slavery opinions, merely because he showed bis willingness to enforce UM fugitive steve tew, and declared his purpose tofavor of^JMktag a treaty with 6real ^ U J BM£ *punishment would strengthenrths antiatovery c a u s e y ^some disturbances among the clave! and wtth ft black rn- pub'teaa rrestdeat a hnadred saab forays asJBlight occur ia a single year. Though tte n*^ themselves are harmless, yet, whea ase^teu -**w. ^by Europeans la St, Domiagn. thrr destroyed'tohafottaats. te tte Senator from New York ( »botes that tte cooatitiitkxal f ^ s a t s e s tor atevery, beteg « te violation of the & /*£jyjthe bestcalculatede p t a r ebegotten up on the _•a _opawae taw —- ahvsrj parky persecuted withembled an tte ahortsat souse to rss • cue a runaway aegrofrom thei y of a Unitedthem* But yon bcM that thewhich UM United States were M awla •*«»*. iJitettl bis 1*1*1 ' www.fultonhistory.com 