 S- - - infancy in tbis country, and the Banshee is on* of the oock, the jeweler^ of Bruton street, by whom it wasI-was great, changeable, and gave strong shadows. Its colors were strong, at times 'orange and crimson,.often blendix-g,andstrongerandgreaterasthemeteormoved on. It was in shape an ellipse, but not regular, and muchelongated. There wasevidentlygreatinsernal movement. Finally it burst in two parts, which went onwithlessspeedtilttheywereoutofsight. Insize it was equal at times totoe new moon.yery grand, the balls resembling melted lava, and fly- colors .and sizes making picturesque effect), marched are wilted, andyield no more their grateful shade—\ and with a fall of 150 feet within a very short distance,ing with'great rapir.ity in a northeasterly direction, up the road. The Light Guard were drawn up in tho graceful waving corn is shrunken, and shriveled, with the intention of erecting some extensive factory, probable. . , *r fo<w> tfrotiod o»tthe!%&*> *> *.."•'••V**..-—^»«#**W - ...*-.V»-»»•», • ^^WWlVy-I^^^^W^JWWjP^l*-!^^,,.,standingat tine moment in the shadow* of buildings which completely shut off the western sky. A flood o ' hght like thit of a vivid, continuous flash of lightning, or Met* a bright dawn, streamed over the tops of the^W>I«DISPn»o«ne»t*tbeing»«bright a* ja eonoeivablo, rendering every object around a s dis- ttne*Jyvisible. Theskywasclear,nota cloudtobejje#B-Theritewas oomplete. Thofraternizationwasperfect. ,Blue.andGuardwere be found a united body. The Blo.es had boldly mingled.in ^distinguishable amity. And, if the Eaglee r ^^^^^rii^^ ^^^ ^7X'".Mr. Ralph Nobfc, o / t U N e w ^ k Boawl 0.iw*S*3 &>' ,*. jflW/SL• solve the mystery of the visitant; it may have political through the streets, undergo the most singular andsignificance,oritmaybethatitissimplyameteoric beantifultransformationsofcolor. Therollhavingprotest agaimt the brutality of these shows. ." • .particularly heroic, being in fact quite as common- Charles Astor Bristed, Junes, the basso, and several John. "- ' ~ r •*• " Oh, Sir, let me go, I didn't mean any harm," sheAtlast,leavingallthewickedtothemselves,theex- placeasthoseofanyother quiet citizen,whoisdis- Sisters of Charity. The steamshipFulton, which said.. : ..,.,•j..posed to mind his own business,. and who hopes that sailed from this port on Saturday, will call off Cape "Didn't mean any harm?" echoed Mr." Jones, islands and the shady shores, with steamers dashing his neighbors will kindly do the same. H e has de-; Race on Wednesday next, to obtain the latest tele- angrily; "why, here are your shoes in the hull? What-display, easii r accounted for. been called, and no man, whether white or black, JU» trouDioua times of Soman history strange things•wereheard,andstartling-sightswereseen;andwhy havingbeen found missing, thecompany proceeded not BOW? Why may not tne ball of dusky flume be over to the armory of the Guard, about forty-five of portentous of tbe fat*> of the Democratic party ? W n y whom wereready in their brilliant dress. T w o bands may not the twist wnen near the zenith be emblemati- of Dodworth escorted the army to the foot of Northcursionists steamed cheerfully do wn, among the greenbj, to the fair domains of Mr. B. M. Whitlock, From mohshed no one, quarreled with no one, fought no graphic advices "from New-York. The snew steam- have you been stealing down stairs?''cal of the Baltimore Conventions ? and will it be toojnuch to imagine that the divided lights, going it aloneontheirdeviousway,andfinallyexhaustingthem-selvesintheutter darkness oftheeast,representtnecandidates of that party, Douglas and Breckinridge?There will be all sorts of speculations in regard to meMoore street. Councilman Lent, Commissioners Bell patriotic considerations that gentleman had asked toeone, licked no one, smacked no one, smacked nobody's The girl protested that she had stolen nothing, beg- ship Glasgow also sailed on Saturday for Liverpool, ged that he would not.have her arrested, and promisedmeteor; w h y are not mine as sensible and practicalTbe girl lost no time in making her exit, and Mr. '•'TWILIGHT IN THE WILDERNESS."—The exhi- Jones finished his letterjust in season for the maiLform, its imposing proportions, its beauty, and the ra- The Guard took the Bluss to their bosoms, and keptpidity of its flignt, that I cannot refrain from telling youhowitappearedtothosewhohadtaegoodfortune to enjoy a-deliberate view of it. • .A pwty of us, co jsisting of three ladies and two gen- tl«m*n,weresitting attheparlorwindowsof acoun- try house, with an unobstructed view of the sky, whenthem there, and would be ready on any occasion to ce- ment the connection^Enthusiasm and drinking.JudgeDeLion,advocateof theBines, spoke. Hewas an old member of the Kepublican Blues. Afterbelts was promptly paid on the 21st of June last, and that he has had no control over them since the 20th of May, the date of their presentation at the Alhambra.one of the'ladiea exclaimed: " See I a large balloon on forty vears, the esprit du corps Was still burning in his fire!'- Such was precisely its appearance, as it sweptWith fearful velocity directly toward us, from north- bosom. This was a beautiful spectacle—citizen soldierswest to south-east, and we coold see it only in front; in social intercourse. The E. B.'s will stand shoulderbutrunningin>m«diatfelytotheporch,wehadafine side view of it. as it sped across the open sky from -woods to woods, and over the tree-top**, Which it threatened to brush, so low did it seem at times* Its form was that of two balloons, without their cars, one followingtheotherclosely,asthoughitweretowed,toshoulderwiththeC.G.'s.Thevisitwillhavea tendency to cement. They met on the broad principles of the Constitution. H e had come, under circumstan- ces of personal disadvantage, to express his feeling. Hewasascompetentasevertopullthetriggerinde-it will come off at some point far South, where both men will be among strangers, and where the great crowd of roughs will be unable to go on account ofs* . . . •" [Adrertisement.'* ,and both on fire; a banner of pure/fiaaie, which w e -fense of his country, and be coald firo just as straight could almost perceive tremble and crackle, so closeThehealthofthehostshavingbeendrunkwithreitei ated cheers, the elegant and accomplished lady the expense. Florida has been. named as the mostEDWARDScalpel, and Operating and Consulting Sorgeon, Mo. 4$ gtlaay. Office consnltadons on the more obscure diieasas of too p^lvio viscera. Ruptttfe, Piles, Varicocele, and Fistula, radicaUy oar«4 without the knife or ligature. Office hoars from 8 to 9,1 to 3,was it, streaming vehind trvm each, while a broad pen- as ever. H e offered, sentimentally, " The City Guard cil of luminosity, like the tail of htst year's comet, bu " of New-York, whose wide-spread example over thelikely spot, but some enthusiastic Cubans have sug- gested that the combat take place, k. tjis amphitheater' forbull-fighting,atHavana.Thisinclosurewillhold several thousand people, and could eaaily be filled, say the Cubans, with an enthusiastic audience who would pay an ounce ($16) for the best places, and half an ounce ($8) for the other places. It is asserted that the Governor-General would not refuse his consent to this arrangement.Inthiscase,boththeconquerorandally breathed. The Press had an agreeable private, conquered might retire from the ring with a handsomesmaller,ofcourse,connectedtheforemostbodywithits consort, and both with four bright stars, which werein rapid puTsnifc—not all together, but in.file. The twoflamts were light yellow, like that of a torch, but theof the place appeared among the soldiers. When the eating w a s done, the Blues stood again before the house.Theladiesweretntheportico.Capt.An- derson himaelf proposed three cheers for Mr. and Mrs. Whitlock. The lady gracefully came down the steps and asked the, Captain if he would accept a few Northernflowers,withSouthernsentiments,thelatter clause understood. A t this tender token there w a s•was the desertion of her husband, whoyraa away fromfcer on Sunday. As her clothes had been ruined, and and 1 to 9 evaaings. she' had no place to go to, the Magistrate committedher temporarily to. the care of the matron of thoforemost body, a* it came toward ust appeared reddishblue in front, say violet. The mouon, tboagh very voice giving commands in the last few davs. On thisLiving What I* It 1 Grand Aquaria, and a host of other things, TRIALTRIPoraNEWSTEAMYACHT.—Thesteam eachoneofwhichisworthmot*thanthepriceofadmiasioalo the whole, xo-nsr W'oon's famous EvmoriAtr MiKanuuk and BrKLBW*Oruu.Tnocrxgivetheirinlmttablaontertain-T B " ',.n.Mj,mmm^LnmimV-Trr-". wm•'madetobreakand dividethe UnitedStates,theywill * WMIeT>aaadng it seemed to throw off large bodies— houses, and grew in intensity for a fowsHJonds, ere ibe bearded the lion in his den—did he look like a lion ?•Manyofourootempo-rfwL;.The time fixed for the heroio services of Saturday tobegin was 11 o'clock. Before that hour, a majority ofthe gentlemen were up. TheBiues, shaking off lightand happy dreams, arrayed themselves in their uni-form,heretoforedescribed,withtheexceptionofthe. wereintheirbeds. Theirwan.facesandshriveledMinstrels have been engaged by Mr. Barnam, and will appear every after-They are white trowsers originally, but, being passedFOR Et-ROPE.--The steamer Fulton left on Saturday an officer comes." ', ^ • ».-> first meal in confinement and disgrace, to whom the degree of interest by large numbers of his personal for Southampton, taking out $666,593 in specie, and The girl began to look frightened. She evidently sightofthebravesoldiersseemednotpleasant. We friends,andthepublicgenerally,areinthemselvesnot onehundredandtwentypassengers,amongwhomare hadnotcounteduponthissuddenre-appearanceofas can be given 1 But I leave the questions to the salutes were given and received. The boat stopped a A cannon welcomed them. The grounds are spacious take up arms against a sea of enemies, commence aScientificsociety,whichmeetshereneatweek. momentatapiertotakeonprovisionsforthe can- The American Association for the Advancement ofandundulating,andpervadedwithcoolness. Themen grandcrusadeagainst^hisdetractors,andinaugurateamarched through with music, and were brought to a war of extermination agahm Morrissey and the Mor-\ in the Wilderness,"now at Goupil's, will close on mentioned his adventure to his friend Mr. Smith, whose ftScience holds its annua! session in this city on the 1st non, which, had been neglected. Sailing along, theWedxesdaynext,the25thinst. . .!ofAugust. Thecityauthoritieswill showthesavans •all possible courtesy.Blueslookedattheforestofmasts,andatthepromi-HuifiZKDONCo.,N.J.,July21,1860.THETOMBS.—Mr.Sutton,the Warden oftheCityPrison,hasrecentlycausedvariousimprovement*to t»ndollars,anddidnotevenget'MotherGoose'laGuard,and*receivedsimpletokens oftheir abundant been seen since " the falling of tne stars," in 18—, w a s kindness, such a s cigara and innocent drinks.. A vesselThemostremarkableceleetialphenomenonthathasre'urn." m Upon comparing notis the friends ascertained that they bad been visited by different persons proving thatthe " Mother Goose" dodge is not the enterprise of a ', singleindividual. Eachcongratulatedtheothermpon having If arced an entirely new kink. 4 . Whrn Broad street gentlemen stay in their counting room, alone, of. an"afternoon, they should see that theirfront, doors arelocked, or they m*y be visit*d tryangels unawares. ; : ••'" : '•; • [EveningPoettwould spill blood for rights of Blues.the South is the banner of the North, under which all intend to raDy, shoulder to shoulder at the wheel. Here lesorve, that with the exodus of the Blues, the public seal of damnation shall be set apon*him who will breatheanythingindesecrationoftneAmericanUnion.at an expense of $12, for what would otherwise have co£t tie city $400; the painter having been committed, at bis own request, to the Prison for 60 days as a vai grant, in order to abstain from the temptation of in- dulgisg to excess in strong liquors. The mason work on the new cells for the boys was also done by prison- ers, andthehammocksweremadebyanumberof seamen who awaited trial for offenses against the laws oftheUnitedStates. Efforts are beingmadefortheincrease of the Tombs Library, which is rather small. Contributions will be gratefully acknowledged by the Warden.ATTEMPTED. SuiciDE.-rA.bout 10 o'clock on. Friday morning, a young married woman named Mary Lock- wood, living at No. 85 Spring street, attempted to cemmitauicidebyjumpingintothedockatJames slip. She was rescue! by a colored man, and handed oyer to an officer. She tried to break away from him and again plunge into the river. Her attempt was frustrated/ and she was taken before Justice Kelly. The only reason given for the attempt upon her life,Prison."theSouthhasanimatedtheBlueswithadesireto " emulate their glorious example.". mfAdvertisement ] • •,NOVELTY ON NOVELTY is the order of the day \ at BAXKVK'S Mcnarx. In addition to those unheard-of won- ders, the Giant Baby, Living Black Sea Lion, Albino Family.•••••Capt. Level spoke, although he had almost W t hi» occasionitwasimpossibletokeepquiet. Hewasrapid (for in a minute and a half it had traversed thewholefieldofsky,fromhorizonto'horizon},wa •proudtobeincommandottheCityGuard.Hadlongsteadysailing—notshootinglikeastar,norflashing soughtoccasiontoshowgentlemenoftheSouththat renewedenthusiasm. Mightyvowswereconndonti-yachtBanshee,justcompletedattheestablishmentof Mr.O.B.Ingersoll,startedonhertrialtripupthe SoundonFridayafternoon: TheBansheeisascrew Steamer of about 20 tuns, schooner-rigged, with double engines.. She averaged 212 revolutions per minute,mentsbothArrnHxooHandEvaxise. [AdYerUaemont]NervousDebility,localandgeneral,UfaatalDe- presslon, and Loss of Memory, oured by original and psinlew treatment unattended by risk or the loss of time, by tho"inooa>> parable-inthissoocialty-M.LAaKOjrr,Phy«Jan*ndSurgeon^ Author, 4c,No. W'? Broadway, up stain, ftewYork, from 9 ?hke li^tning---and the flames in every respect resemtiedthose©?twogreattorcheswhich twomen,on; thedevilisnotquitesoblackashehadbeenpainted.just behind the other, run with m a high wind. It Although the Blues had been advised not to come, tolddrink. Thepenmarchedawaycheering.And then,{ at the river, the setting sun helped the farewellwith that ineffable tendernesswhich makes any landscape dear, and the cannon exchanged ex- plosions, and the Band gave melodies to the light breathofevening,andfromtherockstheWhitlockscompetence.greatest hight above the horizon may have been 25°.From The Buffalo Courier.Sri.KKnm SIOMT.—-Last night, about 9i, thethat they would be received with cold civility, he was glad they had the moral courage to come. It was pltaeant to see there was socb military discipline in the South. There were plenty of Marions, and pinck- ntye,andsoforth,aroundthattable. TheOldWorldBell's Life in London denies .the report that Hee-nan'Bchampionbeltwasdetained by themaker,andsays: , ;. .•' •</•£ off her twelve knots an honr. Among those onboard m. to 6 p m.. and eveninxs from 7 to 9. Sea thu hundreds t f t i Z ,grandest meteor w e ever had the fortune to see, madenswaythroughtheheavenstotheamazementofeferymortalwitheyenngbt,whostoodoutdoorsatthetime. standsaghabtatthe.speotacleofsuccessfulrepublican, waved,andtheBluesshoutedtilltheirfiguresfaded,were Mr. Ambrose Thompson, one of the engineers of theChiriquiRailroadroute, She^hard Homanaley,^ . ' £Adrraniaeina«i.'| „It sprang into vie*-, as far as we could ascertain,ft'-orism, and incites' us to dissentiou. The Blues have and private cannon said encouraging words from maii-near the horizon almost exactly in the west.W a wereThe Banner of?Dltfy^takenthefirststeptoshow that when an attemptia l dona on the slipping shore.sealingoverallhadcockedhiseyeatthepicture,it manufactured; but,aswillbeseenabove,thisisun- first,ifnotthe.first,regularscrewsteam,y^tyeibuilt. Her success will doubtless bringout others, andthemweshallhavelivelysteamyachtraces,aswellas «GThe time was about eight minutes before 10 o'clock, like a vast arch of celestial flame. It did not dart, but were not given. ? '' %$$&?• *'•' . \'^;"'' £ '.;•'•'•••; ••0 of Tenth street, on tho East River. Other hopes de- Heenan at the Alhambra, althoagh th^y were returned the saiHbDg^and drifting matches of the Now-Yorkj«mrorhv*—which followed closely upon themalm•and from forty to sixty seconds was occupied in its pas- with a steady, even motion steeredeastward, over, and 1 Capt. Anderson of the Blues was brought unon the cay, but bed springs perennial. The Blues weie'.ready to him for a few days to receive the finishing touch,whichbewasunabletogivethemintheveryshortbody, tho whole leaving a brilliant train like that of a "rocket.themajesticorbsailed sublimelyintosight overhead. Over the zenith it sped round, and reddish in hue and withawakeoffirethatspannedtheskyforahinstant,DeLionimmediatelyproposed theheathofCa.;.t.wouldhavedilatedwithnewhopeforbiscoontry; Thesoldiersweretiredwhentheylandedatthefoottrue. Mr.Hancock received payment forthebelts some weeks back, and has had no control over them since tiie eveningtheywere deliveredtoSayersandsage. Betweentwoandthreeminutesafteritdisap- down,down,growingsmallerandpalerasitsank lstool of sentiment. He was suffering from an affection to go to sleep. The big hospitality of the Guard-•••>'t' •BLASTINO AccinxwT.-~MicbaeI Powers and JTn&ai*LoveL ABluemoved75cheersforhim,allofwhich :;peared we distinctly heard a doll, heavy explosive awaytothevergeandbeneaththeeasternhorizon. ' It• SiriodOf sixdaysallowedhimfor theirmanufacture,.sound,hke>thatofadistantcannon. * L.w.B. musthavetakenatleast30secondsinitsaerialpassage ofthethroat,butbisheartrespondedtoeveryremark, followed them into the sacred hoars of yester- ttenanhasexpressedhisintentionofreturningtotolaDonovan were seriously injured on Friday evening byNORTH HAVJCRSTBAW, July 21,1860. across onr heavens. Perhaps " 40 seconds" would Amen I H e had ever been a supporter of the Union. day. The chief men of the company were driven to country to witness the mill between Hurst and Tomby a few brief lines descriptive of a most beautiful round the earth. A t all events, it certainly was the own party, in the Legislature of Georgia. Fully of Col. Ferris, near Manhattanville, where there was a induced to give one or both of thorn a taste of his The men were engaged in charging the blast, when• • AJQow me to treepate upon, your tune and patience have aiafficed for it to put a glorious girdle of ligat In 1850 he stood up, almoBt single-handed, against his the Central Park, High Bridge, and the pleasant place Paddock, and thinks it very probable he may then be the premature explosion of a blast at Central Park,meteor or Ball of fire, which croseed the sky directly isost amazing sight celestial we have ever witnessed.«rvsr tbia plaoe last night av 9i' o'clook. It was wit- It eclipsed the eclipse. <nessed by a large number of the residents of Haver- From The V"tk* Observer.conscious of the vast responsibility resting upon hisi sumptuous collation. The Guard have the cooperationquality.CAKMKL AND LAIOC MAHOMC—jfcwBAiLRoi.B E N - TKRPRIS2S.—The good people of Putnam Couaty aresome matches, which had become mixed with the sand, were ignited by tbe process of ramming; aa4 caved the explosion. Both the men were t h r o ^ i considerable distance into the air. Powlra;! was so-straw, and one and all combine in saying that it far [A MXTSOK.—An extraordinary meteor passed overshoulders, he bad determined to bring the Blues toNew-York..' Such intercourse between the North andof the Lelahds for the dinner at the Metropolitan Hotelthis evening, and promise that it shall surpass in splen-exceeded in beauty any phenomena of the kind ever | this city at about 10 o'clock last night. It seemed to the South shows that wo are brothers.' This visit will dor all former entertainments by the corps.; A good witnessed in this locality. It originated apparently come from a northwesterly direction, and passedabout midway of the heavens, anoV crossing the sky through the heavens, folio wing the direction of Broad go to put down the feeling between the North and the; dinner is very substantial cement. v -in an easterly direction, left a long and graceful streak street, until it disappearea in the eastern horizon. South. If the country is in peril, are not the Guardjustwakinguptothe importanceofBaflroad couimu- muchi-.jujedthathisrecovery is considereddonbtfxtLtakenforarocket;many,infact,wouldnotbelieveit was anything else. It stirred up our scientific men, andtheyarealmostwildto-day,runningabout afterFromTheWorcesterSpy.vouring every green thing as with the breath of abosom." Towhichnoresponsewasmade. Cheers furnace. Justnowwehavea.littlelet-upo'nights,'; ofabout17miles AtthemeetingheldatRedMills,GRXX#WICH, Conn., July 21,1860.. Last evening at a quarter before 10 o'clock, as I w a sAmostremarkablemeteorwasse«ninthiscityonFriday evening, the20th inst., about three minutesbe-fore 10o'clock. It appeared to be double, and to pass around and away, causing undignified pursuit. Thein a direction from west to south-east, nearly parallel homage of the little girls, arrayed before one of the and the farmers, too, will feel the pinch upon theirwhich she has set her little heart. But two1 letters, and—as I live, it is half-past three, and the stpamer'a mail closes at four. John! John V'No Jonh responded. ['"Confound thefellow-—hehasgoneandleftmetolOCk UP " rn-nt*Al^kA My .X/\rtAa ' " "Rut t i n J ia ...^^.i^r .. muttered Mr. Jones. But time is preoiooeletterwasnearlyconcluded. Noothersonadwi* heardinthocounting-roomaboveorinthestorebe- low,andMr.Jonessupposedhewasaloneiathebaild-Buyabook,Sir?"saidavoiceathise^r. ?:*' " No; " eaid Mr. Jones, mechanically, so deeply ab-sorbed in bis work as not to. notice tike idqgulanty of theinterrnption. .w,. . 1 ji'- >.nicationwith the great metropolis, and haYe begun in earnest to move in the matter. A feWevenings since aiargeandveryspiritedmeetingwasheldatRed Mills,andanothermeetingistobeheld atCarmel on Tuesdayevening,24thinst.,totakemeasuresforthe immediate construction ofarailroadfromCarmelto Peektkill via Lake Mahopac and Red Mills, a distanceMETEORIC 3E»HEN6KEI.-ON.—Several "balls of fire"; followed—fifteen for the Captain of the Blues, nine for tbe cool breezes enabling Buffering,humanityto recover' it was seated that the Hudson River Railroad Compa- werenotctdflyingthroughouratmosphereabout10; theCaptainoftheGuard. \ ' jr ,:,"j fromtheperspiringexhaustionoftheday..'Butthe;nywouldsubscribefortwothirdsofthestoc,k—andDonovanwas badly burned about the face, and'ii & thoughtthathewilllosebothhiseyes. Tbeiejared menwerehnmediatelyremovedto,theHospitalIf/. •t >.. . .• <"••''• $;•!* Jt j ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.—Mr. Alden Powers,1*e* captain, 55 years of age, attempted to commit sv&A&e, late on Friday night, by taking laudanum. Tbe unfor- tunatemanwasstoppingatthePearl-streetH«use withbisfamily, andbiswifewasintheroom"^f&k-offireinitsrear. Itmovedverystowly.and,during .Whenitpassedoverthecity,apeculiar'rushingnoise readytostaintheirwhitebreasts,andarenottheCITY ITEMS.Verychangeable is.the weather-changeable ineverythingbut thefearful drouth whichisnowde-.itsprogress,theskyandearthwerebrilliantlyii-TvrriiTii'fttefl»»•• *• *•NXW-HAVXW,July21,1860. Thecitywasquiteexcitedaboutaquaiterbefore10O'clock last night by the passing of a meteor in the who had the good fortune to witness it. Whence the direction of north-west to south-want. It was at first, wanderer came, or where it went; w e cannot say.wasdistinctlyheard. Themeteorwasexceedinglybrilliant, itsblazelightingupthewholeheavens,scin-j breastsoftheBlues readytobecomered? Hereafter tillationsofbrightsparksbeingscatteredinits*train.-thereshallbenoNorth—sofarasthesetwocompanies; Itwasasplendidsight,and'hotalittleastonishedthosefire. We understand that the spectacle was witnessed similar, who made manual salute. The men then drew;tbe CODstruction ofthe proposed railroad; s>thatinfacttheentireamountofcapitalrequiredfortheenter-prise could have been obtained on the spot, buttheresidents of the neighborhood, farmers and other prop-erlyowners, prefer to: own the road and keep the en- tojoin Mrs. Jones in that delightful excursion, upoabyothersinthiscitywhowereonthewatoh.Fr<mTh*.Nev>-Bt4ford Mercury. .....'..':';'...:.•up, andtaintedthe boys. Andveryamusingwasthe wind, then high, which took the straw hats of the lit- tlewarriors—therealinfantry—andwhirledthemrain that will not come. / -^If the drouth continues much longer, the market gardenersof.thisvicinitywillbegreatlosers,for.all vegetation seems going backwardrather than forward,iHER.—" But two letters more," thought Mr. Jonea, lateheadclerk, now iunior partneria the importing fijnn of & Co., No.—Broadstreet, a« he bent overhisdeekanddippedMBpminthoinkafresh. " But twoshort letters more, anathen I shall be readyareconcerned.Captain offered* "The feeling now^burning in every:testimonyaboutitsappearance.Afriendwhoseob- o'clocklastevening.Twogentlemenofthiscitywho TheboatwasnowatRandall'sIsland.Thesoldierspleasant^cauntryplaceswheresun-driedNew-YorkersjthataFrenchManufacturingCompany,whohavere- himatthetimehemadetheattemptuponhislife.He servation was good has furnished the following facts: saw the phenomena at nearly the same time, one of Stepped ashore, to the music of the Union, andf >rming cently purchased water-power privileges in the vicini- was a man of intemperate habits, which i* the only Itshighestreachwas30°southofthezenith. Hedid them while riding into Worcesterfrom.,Shrewsbury, love to resort have lost their charms. The green causeassignedfortheact. Mr.Pewers wasremoved notseeitatthebeginningnorend.Its.notionwasnot andtheotherfromLeicester,speakofthespectacleas 'in-line,eachGuapclsupportingtwoBlaes(thevaried swardisnowbakedandbrown,the-treesandbushes' tyofRedMill?,•wherethereisabundanceofwater totheNew-YorkHospital.Hisrecoveryisconsidered rapid enough to leave a visible trail of light. Its lightapparently from 300 to 400 feet above,the earth. Theilluminationtheycomparewithonecausedbyalarge doubleooldmn—morethan300boys,allcleanand andeverythinglooksdeadordyingforlackofthe buildings—-wouldalsosubscribeveryliberallytoward• i • - • • , ' • » ' • 'Mr. JONES'S VISITOR, AWDHOWHEGOTRID orsitting on the piazza at the south side of the house, in with the horizon, at an elevation of about 34 or 45de- building*, was sweet to every heart. Fifty still small cropsseverely. Here, in this city, where the Croton tire control of it themselves. .-company with, some ladies and a gentleman, w e were startled b y a n unusual and brilliant, though flickeringmight be brought into requisition, the shrdbbery of the parksis drooping and dying. If something:is not.done" forit soon,theSuperintendent ofLauds andPlaces will have a plenty of firewood for his friends.•-"-• ; . » ' ';••' '\,-'. •^•'r''-apal©red,tangedwithorangeandgreen,atanappar- ofahousein East Bridgeport. Itwasabouttwo- plause. Sran&ngoveragainsteachother, therewas.ently average distance of some two feet apart, the first inches square. The meteor as it passed over the city silence in the ranks; and Alexander the Little ad- the managers to play their Strongest cards in order to with deep interest the project for another railroad from!light. WBwereatfirstsomewhatalarmed,aswesup- street.,.;i •; '•posed thai the east side of the house must be on fire,seeming to be about six, inches.in diameter, and theothersgraduallylessening7tothesizeofoneortwoinches. They did not seem to have any connection'Witheach ether, except- an occasional taint line oflight screamingfromonetotheother,andallpursuingleft a bright train, which quickly disappeared.fBy Telefraph.1DANVILLE, Saturday,July21,1860.keep their various establishments from succumbing tovancedandutteredabitofawelc<«ningspeech. He New-YorkthroughWestchesterCounty,acontinua-said he and his fellows were surrounded with all that the force of circumstancea. tion of the Eighth-avenue Railroad, by a central andNiblo'8 Garden.—To-nightthe long promised "Alad- easy route, to Croton Dam, which, it is argued, ooald;spectacleto-nightisannouncedtobedonewithnew aboutmidwaybetweentheHarlemandHudsonRiver forehim. .\ . •'-.;}.',.•>.;•,.••rKKWPORT, B . L , July 21,1860. We were treated to a beantiful exhibition of. celestial pyrotechnics at 10 o'clock last evening. It .was a .calm, clearnight;theinfant moon hadgonetorest, and the stars were keeping their silent vigils, when,ft." Hadn't you better give me half a dollar. SirT"-What?"grees, and exploded, emitting for a moment a brilliant, greenish light, strong enough te cast shadows in thevoices joined in patriotic chorus, about the Flag Still There,andtheranksofthesoldierssoundedapplause. Led by the Light Guard, the visitors went to theIt is believed that at the close of the meeting to beheld at Carmel,' every dollar's worth of stock wjpl be;subscribedforbyresidentsofCarmel,LakeMahopac,Red Mills, and adjacent places 'on the iine of the pro-posed road. One cogent reason-why the Patnami. : From The Bridgeport Advertiser. .passed over our city—in a direction a little south ofthenIdiscoveredthecause,whichwassomefiveorsix east.. Itwasnotvery,high,andwasofgreatbrilli? witnessedthewonderfulevolutionsofthePonyZou-nut on' loekirig around, w e saw the light inevery di-rection, I immediately jumped out on the lawn, and Last evening about a quarter to 10 a large meteor broad space where the chief tactics take place, and'j i ••• ,•"Countypeopledesiretoshut,theHudsonRiverRail- ballsoffire,someofaverybrightwhitelight,others ancy. Oneofthestonespassed throughthewindow aves,rewardingeachmovementwithrapturousap- vertisedforthisweek,thewarmweatherobligingall roadCompanyoutoftheconcernis,thattheyview,sound resembling thunderwas distinctlyheard. NoPeekskillRailroadintheirownhands,sothatthetwoj theever-popularRaveltroupe,ledbythetwobrothers vantagebythoselocallyinterested.thankfulalltheBoyBshouldbe! They should daily lift up their hearts in. gratitude to God for their birth in this land.. They might all live to beits Preeident. Look steadfastly to a high goal. Rise above farmers and mechanics; and might the Almighty's richestblessingrestuponeachroneofthem!Thegymnasiumwssvisited. LittlethingstwistedIsland, rose a ball of lurid lire. It had the appearance Guard, went toaethsr on Saturday to the Island Insti- around poles, and swung by ropes, and when the bigof the ghastly fireworks produced by the Jiavels in things went and tried to do likewise, they Came to con- some ol their pieces, and seemed about the size of your tutions, marched about to the music of a large band,"Well,there'saquarterforyourbeauty,"saidMr. Jones gallantly, "and now go, for I am fc a greatiGabriel and Francois.the admirable policy of securing this incomparablecompany,fortheyarealways suretodrawcrowdedhouses. The Martinetti family are members of this hotel for Summer boarders. ; The owners of the Insti-j company. Thepiecesto-nightare"Kimka"and(" Vol-au-Vent." : 'whenabouthalfwaybetweenthehorizonanathe remarks,sang,danced,embraced,firedacannon,and thesolemndutyoftheday—forgotthatthereisafra<> hasresolvedtoundertakeanotherofBurton'scharacters^ theconstantlyincreasingnumbersof-visitorswho dignant. "Ah!youngwoman,isthatyourgarnet"zenith the body underwent a change, presenting the blew a whistle, and enjoyed the closing hours of a day tured country to be cemented—aud overflowed with and to-night will essay "Captain Cuttle," Mrs. Flor- spend the Summer there. Not many years ago, Mr. he cued, rising from his chair. "Leave the place m> aspect of a dumb bell. A sudden twist took place in pity and envy of helplessness and innocence. The etantly, or I'll put yon out." . i / -...- the heavenly apparition, which gave an appearance of spent in the service of their country at the beautiful ence appearing as '' Susan Nipper." W e shall •' stand Monk opened a two-story cottage as a hotel, which "Don't lay your hand* on me," said his visiter,the balls of a rocket, and then the heads of the bell, place of a distinguished citizen, where wealth and na- little ones were happy too. It was a holiday for them. by" and "mabe a note of" \he result. - < was resorted to by parties out for a ride from Peeks- eteppirg back, with a look of defiance.r "Doi't laywithout decrepitation, moved swiftly toward the north- ture conspired to make them comfortable. And it was They emiled for -pennies, and called upon Dod worth Laura Keene's Theater.—Mr. Jefferson, to-night, is kill and other places. Through the advertisements of your hands on me, Sir. for if you do I'll scream, .east, and either expended themselves or were lost, a bright omen of the final disappearance of the clouds for music, and wound their dimpled arms about the, to present an attraction which cannot fail to fill his Mr. Monk, it attracted the attention of a few New- and whoever comes will think you are taking- liber-ties. You had better buy a nook, Sir—only ten house. Hewillrevivethe "AmericanCousin,"with Yorkers. Sincethenthe visitors have gradually in- dollars."On purpose to cement the American Union, the Sa- fromthewest,apparently,justbeyond Conanicut*vannahKepublicanBinesandtheirhosts,theCitytutebuildingareamongthemostactiveinsecuring the construction of the Carmel and Peekskill road." Hadn't yen hotter give me half a dollar to buy m e somestockings?"(andsheraisedherdressjustenough to disclose a well-formed, naked ankle)—H and see, I've no shoes either." j - «£THESOUTHERNSOLDIERS URDAY.' .ON SAT-There can be no question as toThe spacious and elegant building situated on the eastern bank of the Lake at Carmel, and known as the: Raymond Institute, is to be converted into a permanentomWatiack's l^ater.—Mr, Florence, having sue-1City Hall clock. It came up without detonation, and partook of collation upon the steamer Satellite, made fusion. The warm Southern hearts forgot for awhilo ceeded so admirably in his impersonation of" Toodle, been made at Lake Mahopac, in order to provide for lovely young wife, and he was deeply, virtdousry in-right eff in the distance, most probably tne former.I had an excellent view of tne eccentric visitor, whichhaveloweredinournational horizon beforethefrtalw art legs.Was not this scene better for the Blues than ce-from its appearance to its disappearance, and must pro- conservative sunshine of the Blues and the Guard, that.nouneeisoneofthemoatbrilliantexhibitionsofceles- theheavens,whichweredarkallday,threatening ment? Theywereplainlyofthatimpieesion,and playingthepartformerlyenactedbyLauraKeene. thannineestablishmentsinoperation,whichbearabout fix,"but.inamomenthedecidedwhatcoursetopur-nearly the whole of the original cast, Mrs. John Woodtial phenomena that has ever come to m y knowledge. once a shower, were splendid at the end with the proposed to present the Randell's Island Light Guard Messrs. Couldock, Sothern, Peters, and Miss Sara the same proportions to the original "Monk House" as sue. •' .; •'•: '••'•'. •,'"•• "'•''.• ' S o y >Its duration w a s about two minutes, and its brilliancy promise of a fine night. Shall not sectional differences with a standard of colors, in commemoration of theii Stevens have been engaged for the piece, which cannot the steamship Great Eastern does to an ordinary-sized about equal to tnat of a Bengola light. In its passageacross the sky, it did not appear of nigher altitude tnaa half a mile, rrom where our party was standing. It moved steadily and noiselessly along in its divided con- dition, and the lambent flames of the portions main- tamedaneqoi-distance, untiloutofsight;atrainofacantiliations following in their wake to the end. The sight was as awful as interesting, and a gallant Rhode Island General declared to the ladies of the party, that.he was ''fairly scared.'* The ladiet expressed, their fears in the prettiest manner imaginable, so the Gen- eral was in good company with his fear. A s for my-.self,1wasdividedinmyadmirationbythethoughts of what it could all mean, and what an interesting•paragraphtheeventhadfurnisnedfortnereadersof THX TKIBOSE. I most leave- it to the scientific tohave utterly vanished when the perfect rites of patrif otic hospitality shall have been celebrated between the two \ompanies ? W e hype, w e believe, they shall have. Such is the general impression of the Blues and the City Guard.limbs afforded entertainment. In the prison there were trowsers,ofwhichwenowhavefull particulars. somepersons,justcomedown,whowereeatingtheirAMTTSEMJENTS.—Thereareanumberofnoveltiesad-is desirable forhealth,comfort,and enjoyment. He din"istobebroughtoutforarunofoneweek, when beadvantageouslyextendedinanortherlydirectionso: hoped the visit of theBlues would be the means of ce-" Buy a book, Sir ?" and this time a book—* Mother morethan400or200feet,andmovedonsilentlybe- horizonwestofnorth-west,andpasseddueeast. It blessingofGoduponthem,andwishedtheymighthave' whichwillreturnwithredoubledattractions.The killRailroadintheneighborhoodofJeffersonValley,! thrustbetweenhiseyesandtheunfinishedletter'fre-The meteor passed last evening at ten o'clock, giv.the same path. Tney passed directly overhead fromnorth-west to south-east, at an apparent hight of not ingas much light as a full moon. It appeared on the menting the North and the South. H e invoked the it will be withdrawn to make room for the circus, as to connect with the proposed Carmel and Peeks-' Goose's Melodies," he observed on the title-page—I T MIv. vationof somejUTdegrees above the horizon. It was the north-east iffbroke, forming two parts, one foliowi. Anderson responded. His heart was BOfall that heneaththestar-litsky,castingtarawideandunearthlylight," until theyjjraduilly laded from view, at anele- was about six seconds in passing. When directly in a safe return to the bosoms of their families. Capt.sceneryand decorations. The Nelson sisters areno Railroads. Withtheseviewstheydeemitofthehigh-est importance to keep the control of the Carmel and," No," said Mr. Jones, a littleroughly, as ho turned upon the intruder. It was a woman, young and hand- some, though poorly clad. "' ' Wnearly two minutes from the time the light was firstseen, toits final disappearance.' I haveseenmauymeteoric exhibitions, but none so sublimely beautiful as clouds in sight. thatoflastevening. x.B.H.longer members of this company. engagedforthepiece.Mr. John Dyott is ., ' ,•jing the other. Some minutes after it disappeared a could scarcely give utterance to his feelings. H o w"Youbadbetter,"saidthegirl,with hersweetest Winter Garden.—The management have secured new roads may be worked conjointly to the best ad- smile. " Besides, I need the money." -I . r ." Scream as much as you like," be exclaimed, spring- ing to the door of the counting-room, " I'll do a little screaming, too. John'!'John!"The woman also appoached the door, but he kept her and saluted. The gun sounded. Tho Boys cheered of a successful engagement here, and to-night appears a newspaper express from Peekskill started, so that back so far as to prevent her looking down the stairs,vieit. About two o'clock it was ended. All were fail to have a run.row-boat. Telegraphic communication with the city aboard the Satellite. Another steamboat went along New Bowery TJieater.—Mr. Eddy is in the very hight was established last season; and within the past monthfrcm the receding shore. Going to Blackwell's Islandthe negro diummerand fiferbf'.the Blues performed,as well as white musicians, without the white mu?sicians reward of applause. The Lunatic Asylum was noon and evening. not entered, but the soldiers tramped througti the bed-and continued his calls for " John,.'' . „ .,,, d . ** "TnereisnoJohnthere, saidthegirlmockingly, " you had better buy a book, Sir, it's only twenty dol-lars now." " v j - —' (f-w " Ah! you've come at last," said Mr. Jones, talkingrooms of the old paupers.. Some of the feeble women are continually presented here. . •are many New-Yorkers who do not know that there is Then turning to his visitor with an air of confident as-haltonthelawnbeforethemansionnowinprocessofrent buildings on each shore, and conversed with the erection. The first art of hospitality exercised was the abettors, to the last cousin fifteen degrees removed.photographic,art. A camera wasraisedbyaBroad- Onthecontrary,Heenan keeps perfectlycool,drinks wayanist,andtheBlaesandtheGuardwereformed norum,andmakesnothreatsagainstanybody.While,"Goodheavens,/'exclaimedSmith. "whyIwas victimized exactly in the same way this afternoon, and didn'r,getoffaseasilyasyoudid. Ihadtbgive hearanxious to renew the Long Point argument with 10 o'dock; yesterday jhriday) night. A meteor of exploded powder, and waved cambric, as the Satellite arms shouldered while, the impression was taken. Morrissey, though exceedingly desirous of meeting1be made in the interior appearance,and. management ofthat institution. Three new cells havebeen constructed for the occupancy of lads confined for petty offenses, whohaveheretoforebeenthrownintothesocietyof hardenedcriminals. -These rooms are large enough to hold twenty boys each, and are located on Centre street, the space having formerly been occupied as part of the Tombs kitchen and as bookkeeper's room. Mrs. Foster, the Matron of the female department, is charged, very appropriately, with the care of the boys,. The whole priBon has, of late, been renovated^ Instead of bunks-the prisoners are now provided with hammocks to sleep on, which will add to their comfort! The hammocks are double the width of the oroinary ship hammocks, and made so as to be very easily cleaned.-witnepeed by myself and some twenty others at about on the East River was heavily hung with flags, and immense size, and easting a bright glare of light upon went by—beiig in the Southern trade, and loaded withbefore it in platoons, all the men standing rigid withtheearth,burstapparentlyfromacloudhithewent,aThen they stacked arms and went to the stables, which that individual in tbe ring again, quietly awaits a aiejustlyconsidereda,greatattractionoftheplace. challenge. IncaseMorrisseydoesnotseefittosendnever seen sleighs before.' Refreshing punch was pro- ing Heenan the victory in the Farnboro' fight, w e vided just without the stables. The dipperB were a mention that at Tiffany's is how to be seen a beautifullittle to toenorth, and, passing slowly and with uni- conservative sentiment. After a wnile there was ageneral movement to the forward deck, andeham- They contain sixty horses. Is there a larger privatesuch a message, it is probable that there will be no fight, as Heenan does not feel disposed to send a chal- lenge. In proof of the oft-asserted fact that the greatform speed toward the east, disappeared in the distance. stad in the country, North or South ? There are vehi-Judging from i*» apparent proxiu»ity to a church spire, pagxe and other beverages of our common countryI concluded its highth to be less than 200 feet; bat freely flowed. Under these circumstances speaking cles of every supposable build The Blues examined proportion of fair-dealing Englishmen unite in award-having since received accounts of its appearance from began. Sergeant Mercer spoke. His remarks were the sleighs with curiosity, several of them havingobservers who were stationed at a distance, I think it must have been more toan a mile high. When first seen it gave several the in*predion that it was a pyro- technic display, it seemed so near and moved so slowly and with sucn regularity. Its head reaembled two large fl>n-frig stars, one close behind the other, and itabed a bright, white light upon the earth as it passed, leaving'along, brilliant streamer in i » wake, much reeembhng the tail of a comet, but more dense. Near the end of the tail were three red fire-balls, of different magnitudes, the largest nearest the head. These balls were equi-distant from each other, and not far' apart,hut at a considerable distance from the head of the meteor* All these bodies moved as If connected by an invisible string, so perfec'ly did they keep their xiistanees. I expected to hear a hissing noise, and thinking it would burst, a load report, bat it moved on in silence and disappeared -n the distance. R. R. H.KKWTORT, Delaware, July 20, 1860. The meteor which passed over thw place last night about10o'clock, wassoremarkableforitsduplexexciting and intermittently audible.Mr. Henriques, President of the City Gaard, attain- ed a stool, and commanded attention. Ho said that it was no ordinary occasion. The Blues were not stran- gers but brrt-ers. They c«ne not from the ensan- guined field. If the hardy sons of the.North had been considered cold, they had been grossly misrepresented. AllwereAmericancitizens. Allhadsprungfromone loin—the loin of the American soil. Were ready tojoin and beat down armlts of foreign foe. The Guardvery delicate idea. They were the calabashes, such as are us*d in the sunny land which fanatics havs en- deavored to rend.Under the old trees that stand around the family mansion tables were extended. ' The gutsts seatedsilver vase, presented to Heenan by a number of En- glish gentlemen. The inscription on it runs as follows: " JOHN C. HEENAN," CHAMPION or THB WORLD."On the other side is engraved:" TMs cuj» la preHetted by a few Englishmen, frequenters ofMINOR POLICE ITEMS.—Bridget As'enof Ho. &Elm street w&a an-<y*t*<d yoatenfar, ch&rMJ with h«rlng «tol«« m $V> from ht-r roodi-mate, DelU Vna HalL In »pite of her refce-ment protestations of iunocoooo, Justice Kollr comnltiod, b+cfor c.rsimin«Jion....Jobn Rjso, a Ftvo Points thief, was *rro*to4t y«-fterd»> with a trunk In hl» poa*ea»ioa bolon^ogto H«Iibarto«Faksof No 1W Wavorley p<aoe. The trunk contained *80»worth of clothing, and was stolen firom an express wagon at th*Hudfou lUvtrliiUroad depoL E^an was looked op tor trial byJuidice Kelly....Henry Noel, a boerder at the CommercialHotel,, was victimized on Saturday to the extent of *W, byMr. J. Prebaat'a (Anchor and Hope), St«pney, In admiration of themselves. But,first,theywerewelcomedinfront hiflmanlyandgentlemanlyconductwhileinEngland.".RobertNelll;apocket-bookstaffer,whoplayedUrndropgame . upon the stranger. Noil) was arrested and committed to answer : by Justice KeJlY John Nash and Thomas Sweeny were:ar-rest^d at tbe corner of Oak and Oliver streets on Saturday night,charged with inciting a breach of the peace by arranging for a . prize-Gght on Sunday morning.' Tbv prisoners wore taken .bo- fote Justice Kely but nano oneap^ari d agiiuit thoin, and theyhisd made no p"gili»t'c demonstration*, they were di»oh<»rx*d. A. large crowd had congregated on tbe pier at the foot of 3ixteeatk stroot, \f8tordwj morning to wUnsssthe tight, aod.whne venting their indignation at the non-anpearonce of the principals, w*n» therapies scattered by the police. ! \FATALFAtn.—DanielCoughmnjof'No.97Cha*- hatn »t»eo«, was instantly kflJed onKriday night, by &Jling out of the f6urth-htory window of bis house. His mangled body was Uk.-ntheKomthWardStation-Honse,wheceCoroaor J«.*•»« held sn inquest on Saturday afternoon, A verdict of aoeidentel death was rendered. Orcea»ed w « a native of Ireland, 33 years of age, and i* anppoaed to have been intoxicated at the thao ot' the accideft. Be had W u asleep on bis bouch near the win- dow,androlledoutduringthenight.i m'•'•*•. ....'..'., ,,. [*»..., [Advartisemontl .OUT OF HIS PLACE.—Would you be * Banker, aBroker, a Merchant, a Mechanic, a Lawyer, s rhysioian, a CI«s> gyman, a Teacher, or an Artist T Before deciding apoa eith**# gotoProtFotrnan,No.308Broadway,andhaveaChart,wkk a fall written statement, of year true ciharaotnT.Guard, referred to certain, clouds which have lowered over our country, but are now dissipated by tho bayo-•been spread that this belt was never paid for, bat the facts of the case seem to be these, as stated by Mr. Hancock, the manufacturer of tbe two belti for Hee- nan and Sayers. In reference to the report that.the beltshadnotbeenpaidfor,heWritestotheeditorofnets of their two companies. almost every glorious word.Thare were cheers for••CouncilmanLentwasaround.in behalf of the city. Ho said the Blues had come The Morning Advertisery requesting him to immedi with weapons of,war in their hands, but with instru- ately and authoritatively tb contradict a report so pre- ments of p*ace and love in their hearts. This mutual judicial to Albion. He says that his bill for the two good feeUng will rub off t i e rough edges of sectionalUntitled DocumentHemadeaspeechdissension.homes, let them carry with them the recollection thatthe charities they had witnessed belong to the Union. According to Mr., Hancock's story, the belts were .re- Happy the Gaard bad received the Blues, and the turned to him simply to be " Hall-marked,'.' and to re- Blues teen received by the Guard. The North and ceive a last finish, which could not be given to them the South are one." When Southern soil was invaded in the little time allowed for their manufacture. In by another Republic, the North was ready to defend it; case of another tight between Heenan aud Morrissey, when the British Lion tried to lay his claw upon theNorthern territory, the South was ready to defend.it.When the Blues return to their distantas"Werner.VBarnum's Mnstum.—Wood'sYhjitoratothoHiahcorefurulabedWlUl THISTKIBCTNK and ether New-York journals by 7 o'clock in the morn? ing, quite as early as they are served to city subscrib- ers. The Lake and its surroundings never lookedtt,aad%®»WWsenditafterhimto.theStates.raries have stated that the belt is detained by Mr. Hau- r wj^ots, bad the helm. Steam yachtbgk ^fe ia ,it»,During the past Winter great improvements have Among Mr. Jones's moet'recent acquisitions was acreaetd, until, atthe present time, there are no less Mr. Jones perceived at once that he was ' ia adown stairs to an imaginary John, "run for a police Palace Garden.—New andexcellent entertainment more enchanting than at the present time; yet there officer as quick w you can. I' ve got a thief here."HEKNAN, THE HITTJTE.—The movements of this distinguished gentleman, though regarded with a greatandNicholson,thePressandprovisionsweretaken privilegeofextendinghospitalitytotheSouthernsol mouth,tweakednobxlysnose,andpunchednobody's takingout,$159,988,andonehundredandfiftypaaeen- nevertomolesthimagain.diersand their guardians; andalthough there wassome misapprehension of the time of its acceptance, stream was taken. The soldiers had stacked arms; bountiful provision was made for their entertainment.head. Bispeaceableandmodestdemeanorhasrather astonished many, who had set it down as a foregone corelusion that instantly upon his arrival he" wouldger8,amorgwhomaretheRev.J. Simpsonandwife,Mr. Jonee detainea her till, shewas thoroughly frightened, then pretended to relent and bade her g o quickly or she would meet the officer. ha amaboardtheSatellite,and,with highspirits;thepealofa cannon, music, and the appearance of rain, theand Mrs. Ellen Key Blunt.rHeenan himself expresses no . doubt as to his gettingsuchadelightfulresortalmostattheirowndoora.surance,"Wow,Miss,youcans^endyourtimeinne- gotiating for the sale of' Mother Goose,' or in screaoa- mg,justasyouplease;you'llnotpasathhjdoortillbitionofMr.Church'sbrilliantpictureof"Twilight OnhiswayhomeintheFourth-avenue cars,he rigseyitee, their kith and kin; friends, aiders and place of business is in the same street. ..-.•••, •"u.The corridors of the male prison have been recently while the men were quaffing wine. Sergeant Mercer the belt that' was presented to him, and winch is now painted, in imitation of marble, by afirst-classpainter,of the house. A fresh supply of cement was producedof the Blues, and Mr. HenriqueB, President of the in the hands of the maker. A n erroneous report has• — ,.and, although a small vessel, will in amcotit water run" Heenan informed us that he was unable to take biabelt with him, it being detained by Mr. Morris of theNew-YorkHot*!(*vhohadadvancedaportionofthemoneytopayforit)asasecurityuntilthatsumwas esq.,ActuaryoftheMutualLifeinsuranceCompany, bestarticleinthemarketforgivi^f grayorridhairaUfelifct repaid, w e hope the necessary amount will be aub- and several engineers and oflic/jra of tho Balance Dock black ot brown, Bes *4.rttimo^^ Inanother t^w^ "*"**n o w . "The pen flew rapidly over the paper, until the last..-. h; urry.jg ] 6 io0 ckig pocket the coin and handedit to her.iH.DIXONT M.D.,Editor of ThetimoniaEmhis popular book. - . s « « w o m t a > ' e> •p4• ...,. . lig^^^^p^^^lrf^,V ^;>;= * .^^C^^rS^f' /;"*'V -JffWrVjp'y tyXpThokimas309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069M.Tryniswww.fultonhistory.com 