 iiij itiii; -*i f'! •f1*IInominee of the Chicago granted that all of theI'If;-Downing, complains very bitterly* against the officials*** II*were doubted here. The patient rejects it. Will it pacify the bull of excommunication that The GovernorsofEmilia andTuscany, Farini aroiabio od PioNono hasbeenthreateningtoletterial aid of France is as good as secured in the nexteffort ofItaly tofree itselfthoroughly from Austria.ENGLAND. SPORTING NEWS FROM ENGLAND.Corr6*pond6i)ce of Poitex'i Spirit of The Times.ing grounds are so piled up, he says, that he cannot get anymoreonthem,andhismenrefusetoworkbecause it injures their horses to get stuck in the mud. Nearly all the mud of the lower wards can be sold to farmersKILLED, WOUNDED, AND PRISONERS.CAPTAIN TURNER'S INTERVIEW WITH MARIN.The number of prisoners captured is not stated, and butfewoftheir namesaregiven. Thetwosteamers are said to have had 250 men' on board, and but few escaped. Besides, all of those who came on board at Anton. Lizardo were taken.tereetsofthe country. TheEepublicanparty,r pies, will not be impoveri £f by so doing we secure tlHjl!i»ij.jIi H I.•{Re; *l|:| Tij»•}.UP| | Ij3[ 1 •§•iii]iS; •i11f.ii :? -,and Eieasoli, who, it is essential to bear ia mind, ' most have had full knowledge in advance of Napo-loose on Vietor Emanuel ?That unhappy old gentleman's Eidolon has sprout-I I!1.habitant of fee Emilia and Tuscany, who has at- the votes of the people, cemented by the graceofG o d . H e l e t s , t h e n , T u s c a n y g o t o S a r d i n i a . tainedhismajorityandisnotincapacitatedfromthe "Whichgreatlystrengthenstheprobabilityofthe«noyment ofpolitical rights, is invited to vote by annexation of Savoy and Nice to France. F'#rWllot whether he requires the annexation to Sar- popularity, and prestige somewhat shaken by such dinia*oraseparatekingdom.Uponthis,theFrench frequentchangesofprogramme,athomethesuc-army on theMincio isordered to get ready to march cessful pursuit of this abandoned claim on Savoy is jacross the Alps to Savoy; the Austrians, the Pope, of the utmost importance. I call it an aband onedpartof the Italian question, unless the Savoy and N i c e a n n e x a t i o n b e r e g a r d e d aB a p a r t o f i t .Mr. Charles Faulkner, representative of Virginiaat the Court of the Tuileries, was presented in due a long-bodied man, and, in proportion, is much more " Hurrah for Miramon."is certain, however, that several batteries had already been planted on the 12th.iI«Ii t.Jgreat activity by Austria in Venetia, by Sardinia, that obtains currency in America. The late Vnivers Jews dwelling in New-York, composed in part of vast then opened a broadside upon the Gen. Miramon. on he succeed even in straddling over the wire, the hole, petty demagogue in the la dug for him, will inevitably receive him. c-1P A R I S , March 8 , 1860. My last letter closed with the last Napoleon mix- ture for Italian troubles, recommended as a seda-voy, with allowances for Switzerland, will be an- nexed to France—English parliamentary talk and diplomatic notes from the other Powers or speechesthat he was an impostor, and that his letter was forged, and be was expelled forthwith.nomination are dietinguisht to discbarge, with abilii the duties pertaining to t->*y:«*i,vw w ) , i a^itiMAvevff^ipAttJSRMttMtnps MSCKwwctfQvfi c S scscittSSiieiSBSW: i v w ^ Q w wramMv*TTBE STATE OF EUROPE.meantrme, at mm6? the Italian business. Did Louis Napoleon reallyMEXICO.CAPTURE O F THE MARIN EXPEDITION.am of the Port; and all the prisoners declare th*> «u arms, munitions and stores were put on board wh* •£ knowledge of the Government. ^ ^ *** * *• • THEVALUEOFTHEPRIZES.feat Owr Ow»outtet from the tangled labyrinth XI ft* •:rt,»*ji thinkthathehadatlastfoundthedue,whenheTHEPPJ SEW ARD-LJXtjjjl*Editor Of The N. V. Tri Beyot-d all qne&tllesota, Wisconsin, Mic Seward. They esteemof their principles, b itlericaa statesman of t.hW gment and; tbe heart -^choice of Illinois is our owlLONDON, Fri4«y, Ma*6h 9> 186^ „, offered h is Italian mixtwre last Thursday T H ePARTICULARS O P T H E WHOLE AFFAIR.FromTheN.O.PUayv.ru,March2L steamersconsistedof1,00014-poundbombA2}!;The last development of the Italian question" isaffeea'that it would suit the taste of everybody;The Trait d' Union says that th«* cargo cf u, *0 W<>Bemewhai peculiar, b u t though i t IB impossible t o did he really think i t would suit anybody ? • Hid .hethink-it would be swallowed? I am notm that selves up in naughty voiced temporalities. DeSince our last we have been put in posses rion of stillbronze mortars, 4,000smallarms, and moreSSbSvS rations. I t is further asserted that the tctal «*£«* d*tore*£OftheexpeditionamountedtonotwTftH^T $300,000, t h e greater part of which mo7ey w 5 ? * nuhed by the Government at Havana, in c W ^ u i lwith a secret article of the Almonte treaty. l o r a u t y POWDftftt THROWN OVERBOARD.A very large^portion of the captured steamer'a «&TM. is said to have been powder. During the melee atjr ton Lizardo much of this wasthrown overboard. Othf"mmm* themysteriouscounselsofNapoleon,the gentleman'sconfidence,andsometimesgosofaras wyyoiKion that he seeks a new war in Italy throws to doubt whether any one, minister, own corre-a »t»fa«tory light upon the dark proceedings. M r . spondent, o r able editor, is in his confidence: Tko*veneL the French Minister for Foreign Affairs, But i t is rationally probable, a s I endeavored t oMorny, youknow, 'istheworidly-mindedest, busiest, luckiest of sp^nlatiitg, stockholding, a n d stock-liking, manufaf iforing men'in tm^reeminent- ly gold,-seeking age„ S o t h e 'kick Ca^ie from himgloomily predicted just bpfore I loft New-York.Heenan's training quarters a r e most admirably adapted to the work he has inhand, and are immensely superior t o t h e stinted premises a n d fever-and-agab flats to which he was restricted when preparing for his first engagement. A fine old farm-house, with broad stone steps, and a spacious portal, surroundedeoast, which resulted in the capture of the Gen. Mira-mon and Marques de la Habana. With the steamerswere taken six mortars, six 24-pounders, 2,000 stand ofsmall arms, 1,500 shells, and other munitions of war inJjroportion. The prizes, in all, cannot be worth muchess than $60,000, putting the steamers at their lowestjtateres, in two dispatches of the 24th of February, indicate last week, that he is nearly as much both- with peculiar ^nace 'and force. 3Prefectoralrescripts,, a d d r e ^ a t o subordinate Mayors, reminding thena t o keep a sharp look-out for paniphletrj "circulating without authoriza-Ifcfti the conditions of the peace of Zurich are dis-legarded, and that the Italian question cannotbe ered asthe humblest of us to clearly see his wayweired satisfactorily upon principle, since England through this Italian imbroglio. I t is considerably plainerthanapike-staff,thathehasahard,and,asbyahighwallofgraymason-work,ishisdomicile; -valuation. TheGen.Miramon,however,issaidtostoresalsowerethrownintotheseawhenitwas§2^ trouldnotlieforthe,Pre>a* appeal. . And accordingly, as a com- vious programmes having been completely .per-authorities ^iifch the gratuitous teaching of soldiers by some of the numberless agfents of the Society of St. Vincent DePaud; these and the like give suffi- cient signs- <of t h e existence o f the Ultramontane oppositio n. But it is not a formidable opposition, though iiOtexao% a contemptible one either. Gov- ernment has thought-it important enough to oppose by the Iroqueat application of the press-gag law,miles, while back of them run a range of hills, up tempt to escape she afterward ran acpround. It wasA number, of the barrels containing powder, ha* upromise,theKingofSardiniaistogetthetwo Duchies absolutely and t h e Romagna a s the Vicar • £ the Pope, but Tuscany must retain her separate existence, in order to remove the suspicion of am - bition from Victor'Emanuel—and not to make himformed, it is natural enough to suppose that he would sacrifice some features of the last Thursday's one to a consideration without weeping. ia^tfewhoseeteepascentshisquickandperseveringstep provokes all the expansion necessary for his lungs.Having said so much about Heenan, I must not close my letter without speaking of Tom Savers; and as I have had an interview with him, I can do so to the best advantage.On entering what was for the occasion the sanctum sanctorum of the Champion. I found a company of six people at supper, five of whom constituted the Cham-twodaysbeforeshewasgottenoff,andonherpassive up she again broke down, and had to be towed inside the bar.been rejcov»ered. They are said to be fthe same a«-tho£Let alone the immense difference of material means for attaining their ends, within their imme- too strong for an attack upon Venetia. For the diate control, and Camille Cavour stands fully the aause cause Napoleon claims Savoy and Nice equal of Louis Napoleon in statecraft. It is ad- fcr France, and threatens the Italians with the mirable, the masterly skill with which that Sardin- withdrawal«oftheFrencharmyfromtheMincio, ianstatesmanhassodrilledandmarshaledcircum-Four of th e prisoners, Robert Dantz, Leon Aubri, Arthur Comby and Jean Durand, all Frenchmen, have made a statement of the whole affair. They testify that they shipped at Havana on board the steamer Gen. Miramon, then khown as Correo No. 1,- on theriment, as the West is ttronglyin favor of Prot again* foreign and serf h quentDayton is unexce ,>tiJ ticians, Cameron stock is uiand b y Ministerial circulars, and b y speeches from ifthey should choose to join Sardinia. As soon as stances on his side as to make his party, in material Offi'Aious Constitutionnel laboring through two andaof the table, squaring vigorously at a beefsteak. H e in advance, another month's p a y o n their arrival onrose a t once, and with a good deal of manners extended the Mexican coast, and a free passage back again toto me, in a most cordial way, that dexter mawley Havana.yclept " the auctioneer." which has been so handy with They eailed from Havana the 26th of February, ally put down at obout 5,WO; his artillery at 50 or 60the nobs of Jones, Paddock, Perry, and other aspiring under the Spanish flag.. After they got outside, how pieces. Some six or eight of theee are heavy mortars ^JJouse, bis elevation to U;these 4ispatche8'*rTived at London, the Sardinian respects, nearly as strong as that of the Frenching forjts bombardment. Of the actual strength of the expedition we have but little in addition to that already published. The number of his men is gener-among the people. Macyii geal" Pennington broo^ thalf long columns to show that the clerical agitation JKmbaesador, Marquis Aseglio, after a conference Emperor, 2k&&, in a sort, to force the latter to re- is not worthy a moment's attention, becomes, like With JLord John Russell, sets out in person, in all main his auxiliary. rfiostof the leading articles in that journal, a re-Ax to Savoy, Victor Emanuel and Count Cavourhave no great objection to her annexation to and the Provisional Government* of Central Italy, newspaper was not suppressed for having illegally numbers of emigrants from almost all nations under board of which was Com. Marin, aud came near sink- France. Still the formalities must be preserved, by Naples, and even by the poor Papal Governmentj published the Pope's Encyclical letter. That circum- heaven, has been established under the auspices of the ing her at the firBt shot. The steamer returned thethe boundaries defined, Chablais and Faucigny se- cured for Switzerland, and Maurienne and a por- tionofTarantaise fortheBang. Wehear,there- fore, that the French proposal haB not absolutely been declined, but that the execution of the schemeia deferred until the result of the universal suffrage •inthesedistrictsispreviouslyarranged. England cares. not a straw for Savoy, with all her organ- grinders and white mice. Still we shall have some more violent speechesinParliament, sinceMr. Kinglake must speak himself into notoriety, and t h e Tories are glad to have an opportunity of giving vent to their sympathies for Austria, From Hungary we continue to receive news of growingshot, but, in the mean time, got under way, naturally is certain. The rumors of large military prepara- stance wae not adduced even as a'pretext by M. Bil- Episcopal Church. The number of Jews resident in anxious to get out of so hot'a place. Tue Indianolations on the part of France which were current here lault in his perambulatory report that was followed New-York, it is estimated, is;not le"ss than. 25,000. pursued her and soon came up with her. The Mira-attheclose*oflastweekandinthefirstdaysofthis bytheImperialdecreeofsuppression. Thereisno ConsideringNew-Yorkasafieldandcenterforevan- monshowedfight,buttheIndianolareturnedherfire, abreachinthewalls,andthenencounteradoublelino wouldbeinfluencedbyiti —recall of all soldiers of the army en congt, reor- show of likelihood that the unauthorized printing in gelizing Israel in this country, a Committee has been and finally boarded her at the point of the bavonet. It of forts, the trench, wall, and wire fence, in the as- ought to be defeated at tl ganization of the National Guard, so as to make it the Univcrs of the Encyclical letter that was pub- was in this engagement that the Indianola had her sault. ment8, and let the light ahi a succursale of the regular army, &c.—these ru- lished within twenty-four hours by all the Parisian formed to have the oversight and management of a pilot-houee carried away by a cannon shot. ..Sha also There is no doubt, however, but he will attempt if. ard and Lincoln would uu mors,whichwerepureinventionsorexcessiveex- journalshadanythingtodowiththesuppressionof ChurchMission,andtheRev.JohnC.Jacobi,who, receivedotheralightdamage,butnothingtoinany Inthis,allaccountsagTee. Hisworkswerenearlydiscontent, and .unless the .Russians should send a narmy of occupation into the country, the peoplethreaten to rise during the-impending war. FrancisJoseph is blind to his dangers. He bullies Venetia,has all respectable persona removed to th e prisonsand to the army, and refuses to listen to the com-plaints ofthe Hungarians, In Croatiathereis afamine, and at Vienna Ministers believe they can irritation here. But Government journals, in pur- rousetheEmpiretoenthusiasmbyincreasingthewithout his head.she hoisted the Spanish flag.This affair finished, the Wave, until now in attend- ance on the Saratoga, -went to theaid of the Indianola, from which the Gen. Miramon was making a desperate effort to escape, after once being boarded. In hercapital offenses to Massachusett»! There will be more eiiminals than convictions in case the bill becomes a law.per day, and the Revere House and City Hotel haro SIR: The policy of pi rooms for 150 each at $1 50 per day. Beside these paper the letters of Kepub there are numerous smaller houses having room for t in regard to the norma* from30to100guestseach. TheTremontandBriggsj officeofPresident,will,n< Houses have made arrangements to colonize 500 per- the friends of each Candida sons each, and doubtless most of the others will make1residents of most of the Eastern States for cide in regard to tbe normathe purpose of publicly noticing the Delegates ordertosecuresuccessi from their several States. A large hall is to defeat, then, would proveCkwncil of the Empire from 30 to 80 members. A c- cording to this, the Council of tke Empire is to havs all the advantages of a Constitutional Govern- mentwithoutitsinconveniencesable necessity addressed to Austria and the Pope.For the moment neither Austria nor the Pope willmore than protest: (it is barely possible, not prob-ablethattheHolyFatherwillhavebrassenough—savinghisReverence—tosetan excommunicatorybull, as has been threatened upon Victor Emanuel: and was admitted. A few weeks since the Faculty of done principally by the officers in command. They it would be about as formidable to that monarch and the latter institution heard some charges affecting his charged and discharged the cannon with their own amusing to the rest of us as a Milesian bull.) Sa- character, and, on writing to Princeton, discovered Lands,'and did most of the fighting. In this, however,FRANCE.Jfcoeo 0*r Own ConretpoD&Bt.TheFrenchprisonersabovementioneddeclarethat theresistanceonboardboththecapturedsteamerswas*like arrangements. Probably a large number of Dele-gates will be quartered at private houses in the city?but no matter now large lie crowd, the people haveno fears but what they will be accommodated. E xtensive arrangements are being made for the receptionof Delegates, meetings having been held by former great question which the (the high sovereignty of the Pope, and to bind Pied- tive for internal complaints, and good as a prevent- mont to maintain by force of.arms the independencefrom their plenipoB in a coming Congress or PEST HEAPS.—The actmg City Inspector, Mi-.leon's last proposed "solution," a s d of all th e ed out, in photograph, in numberless Paris shop windows within the past ten days. It presents only arguments in its favor (see Thouvenel's dispatch to his outward and visible body and raiment, giving no•the French resident at Turin, dated F*b. 24), and view of the battered and torn state of his heart, who must have held consaltation thereupon with which rhetoricians of the clerical party here, repre- Cavour,did,onthe1stand2dofMarch respect- sentasbeinginthemosttouchingandtatterdema-lionstateofdistraction. Saving hisHoliness,and ively,igeuetheirsummonstotheItaliansofthe sincenowmyvagrantpenhasapproachedthesub-Last week he says his men could beThe number of killed and wounded was about 40. in every way calculated for such a purpose, and has,who commenced laboring i at the eleventh hour, as to, the morning of its exiaUmo tion is fairly made and ;uin Republicans who battled s<•center, t o decide by popular universal vote on t h e11th and 12th of March respectively, whether they albums are the vogue just nOw. A n album whoseof place" over all the horses of this kingdom, has re- cede d two points in the betting for the Epsom Derby, to yield the premiership to Buccaneer, and even to fol- lowtheshadowwhichMainstonecastsuponthesec- ond place. Nevertheless I find a solidconiid&nce among the colt's supporters, and he is still relied upon as stoutly bv his friends us when he led the betting columnforthegreatevent. Eventhemostsanguinemense bueiness since the death of one of his expedition. day, and hall at $100. But the former is where tiis •toon.prefer "annexation to the Constitutional monarchy "of Victor EmanuelII.,"ora "separate king- <" d o m . " Such, i t ig reported a r e t h e formulas o ftheonlytwobortsofbulletinsthatwillbecounted. The Governors assure the people that their decision will b e respected by the King. Cavour's reply t opages are filled with the photographic likenesses of one's friends, and of the celebrities of the day, Jenkinsonthisside,Marshal,DukeofMalakoff on that, Mrs. Jenkins vis d vis of the Duchess ofan American. He was killed by a shot from the Sara- toga.People meet in Convention, and the former can.attorf topaytheprices,asthemoneycomes^mtheUoitea SuitesTreasury,whilethelatterhavetoearntheirs,aggerations, are dyiig away or dead. France that obnoxious paper. Louis Veuillot, being oncean Israelite by birth, has been a believer in Chris- way disable her. Nor does any oneon boardappear to completed; he has served on the representativesof are no negative men. Ifdoes not need special preparation for a war. Y ou remember,shewasquite,unprepared, quite(see Moniteur of the time), for the opening of the Italian campaign last year.driven from it, the Minister has sanctioned itpre- appearance underanothertitle,LeMonde. Iias bigottedand pigotted (as Didsbury says) a s ever, but Louis Veuillot being left out, makes it liketianity for nearly forty years, has been selected as its firstmissionary,todevotehimeelfwhollytolaboring among his own kindred. The Committee ask the " sympathy, the prayers, and oflerings of all theforeign Governments the usual notices in such cases; andallallowhimtobea braveanddaring,ifnot reckless man, ready for anything that man may do*.^T' n"i-y»•••*•<NEW-YORK DAILY IT^IBtnm, TUESDAY, MARCH 27, 1860.that m e t with general approvr^ Half-brother DeMornyi in his opening diaoop^rse -to-Hta' Legis- lativeBody,ofwhichheisPre'iident,enlargeditto the proportions of a kick. H e w a s uncommon severe upon theworldly-minRedness<Ofthat portion of the clergy who leave saorud things t o mix them-before. He is certainly at alower mark in weight thanat anytime previous to his fight with Morriesey, and hiseye, that unfailing index of condition, sparkles with aclearnes? and vivacity that were unknown to his yel-lowish orbs during his first unlucky preparation. H i sform, temper, spirits, and agility all pronounce finehealth, and there is every reason to believe that he hasgot safely over the bar, in relation to those hiddenquicksandsoftheconstitution,which"ElHakim"so furtherparticularsofthelateaffairontheMexicandeesnotrecommendtheappealtouniversalsuf-horticulturistssayofroses,a'"verydouble"rowtionwithintheir.jurisdictions;arareprose-broad,breezydowns,thatspreadbeforehimininvitingbe«verybadlyinjured.TheSaratoga'sfirstbroadsidetheywouldinevitablyfallintothehandsoftheAmeS fcage,andCentralItalyseemtoshunsuchtohoethroughit.Noneofhisthreeorfourpre-cutionforsu'thoffense^aninterferencebymilitaryundulations,tempthimtohisdailywalksoftwentyissaidtohavecompletelyriddledher,andinherat Oct138ationabrycouldcarrytheSt >nd would run as well ai Seward,inall'ofthebefo and Banks a r e very re*j them, the former would p< Utill his Free-Trade antececOur latest advices from Vera Cruz are to the 13th thel/hrone. SothatthearticleintheSemi-Sub- pion'ssuite,whilehehimselfsatfacingmeatthehead 20thofFebruary. Theywereto*haveamonth'spay Miramonwasstillbeforethecityinforce,andprepar-haste,toTurin.Uponhisarrival,Cavourdeclares Napoleoncannoteffectivelyopposetheannexa-ruarkablyablespecimenoftheridiculous.Itre-giantsofthetime.Ifeltit,andobserveditsfashion,,ever,theMexicanflagwasraised.Thecrewnowde- hrowing68aDd84poundshells.Itisgenerallybe- atoecethat,cotnewhatmay,hisKingcannotagreetionofTuscanybyuniversalsuffrage;hewillre-mains,however,perfectlytruethatthegreatandfounditsmallandsymmetricallyformed,andsuchmandedtheirpayinadvanceaccordingtopromise,lieved,however,thathewasdependingupontheeap-jirxularresultonthe-.nationdiversityofopinionexjsttethesepropositions,andabidesbythedecisionof gretit,ofcourse^—to Austria. Tovigorouslykick popularmassoftheFrench nation havenot*been,'Central-Italy, as it is to be manifested by universal are not, and cannot be very warmly, interested in ewffesge; and Farini and Ricnsoli order that on against it would be to loosen the underpinning ofias would cleverly fill the measure of "Alexandre's but did not. get it. The next two days nothing of im- ured steamer** for both shells and powder.the 11th and 12thinstant every malein- hisownthrone,whichheconstantlyboastsrestsonkthetemporalconditionofthePope,norinanyother j.L _.j..^.fit. 1. • J.'aL_j.i. ./»'„.•»*•„.{«,„T^I:«„~..~„+-:~« i ^t,~a _„Jjxtan,Scandinavian,andot can organization. H e w o yative, independent E.xe< gency, as those who hea-dpowerfully formed than Heenan; it may be said, in- This, say the prisoners, was the first intimation they half distant from the city. On the 10th and Hth theydeed, that he is a six-foot man in bulk, without the had of the character of the expedition. They did hot were csnnonaded from the city, and said to be badly iritneee. But it is said hii addition of three-and a-half inches being let intohis even know that they carried materials of war. The iniured. cans now would be ta legs, to set him up in the world—perhaps without do- cannon, email arms, ammunition, &c, were stored While these works were being erected, the besiegera of Fillmore in '56; while-inghim any good. Hisneckis'marvelously well set away below, out of sight. —those of them not otherwiee engaged—amused them- that, to go outside of the•and Naples increase their armaments; Fanti in- claim in a purely historical sense. For the observ-form to the actual lessee of that establishment on Sunday last. H e had the honor of riding to the doors of that edifice in acourt carriage, and in com- pany of the regularly authorized introducer of the Embassadors. After being presented to theinto his ehoulders, and the whole carriage and balance The next day, however, the guns were mounted, selves with quietly surveying tho city during the day,ant reader of the recent debates in the English, Par- Emperor, he was introduced to the Empress. I n of the bead indicates power and courage. H is face is and both steamers perfectly fitted up as men-of-war. and sallying out m guerrilla parties during the night. Slave State for a candidat*spects the Sardinian troops; Cavour contracts forsaltpeter in England, t o b e delivered a t Leghorn in^Tuscany, buys horses in Germany srad France, a n d•sailsthereservesunderarms. TheToriesinthe laidbeforethatbody,willnotfailtoremarkhowTSnglish Parliament, who never had a word of sym- frequently the strictly " disinterested" leader of th©•pai&y for Poland and Hungary, now take Sa- French Army iaItaly, whowas fighting there purely*r«yundertheirprotection,anddenounceNa- foran"idea,"hadabandonedthisquiterealisticthatgentlemandoesnotlike. Heforgetsthat, thebunchingmusclewhichLiesbehindtheshouldersis approachtoVeraCruztheyfellinwithavesselfromliament, and of the voluminous diplomatic corre- spondence relating to this Savoy question, recentlywhat language the conversation was earned on, t h e present deponent has no means of knowing, but will venture'.to guess that the Virginian plenipotentiaire's share was done in French. The French papers persist in styling Mr. Faulkner Col. Faulkner, whichwell-featured, intelligent, and pleasing, and his eye is New clothing was also distributed among the crew, freighted with that sober, steady thought which pro- bearing the name of Gen. Miramon, in gold leaf. alertBotts would concentrate s gupport. For myself, I w putting in the Praidenth;poJeon most heartily as the anarchist who ideaofaterritorial FrenchquidforanItalianquo. comingfromaneminentlymilitarynation,andfrom •Tpemoves the landmarks of 1815; while A us- The fact of it is that he hasconstantly chewed upon a super-eminently military State, where the hanging:thesourceofhistremendousstrength,andthearsenals whichtheylearnedthatthecitywasbesieged. Can- which eend forth those terrific flights of pugilistic shot nonading had been heard the morning before. Tbe and that break in blinding stars upon his adversary's guns were now charged and manned, and order? issued eyes. Altogether,though l>utin fact a 150-pound man, to lower the Mexican flag. At first, the prisoners say,tria really believes that Sardinia has been for- it, and that the mass of the French nation roll it of a mere John Brown cannot be consummatedsaken by Napoleon, that England is picking a quar- under their tongues with a relish hightened rather without a Brobdignagian display of military force he represents, for all prastical fighting purposes, fifteen they thought the Englieh colors were to be raised in-'time has come for renewing the war and reconquer- which it has been served up of late by the OppositioningLombardy. Theplan is"matured; assoonas oratorsoffeeEnglish Parliament.the annexation is declared and the French troops Is Camille Cavour aware of this ? Probably. I snewspaper men naturally give him a military title. He should rather thank himself that they don't make a general of him.points, and he hae no refuse' flesh at all.Inthecourseofthe conversation thattookplaceat the Champion's tible on the above-described occasion, Sayer8tookoccasiontoexpressalittlechagrinatnot having been able to have an interview with, or to getmore since he is believed to have for- policy? Probablynot,non plus.feited the friendship of England by his CavourwantsTuscanynow, andislike to haveclaim of Savoy, Count Rechberg believes it,andVenetiabyandby. NapoleonwantsSavoyindeed, that Napoleon has lost his prestige, as soon as possible, and peace for the next year or tographs, that a nearly complete series from Ary sive silver band for which he and Heenan are to andisisolated,sincehehasalarmedbythesame two. Cavourhasnotyet8aidhissayaboutSavoy,and Scheffer'8originals,inthestyleofthe(Euvresof struggle,thatheowned£15inthat,independentof step, Prussia, Rusftia and England. The Napoleon- does not want to, till Tuseany is secured. When i t Delaroche, 'and b y t h e same artist, Bingham, is the championship, having advanced that sum towardtheir colors. . They gave it noheed. The United States slbop-of-war Savannah was then anchored near thecastle. Shealeosignaledthesteamerstoshowthedailybulletins,voithconsiderablesuccess.The ci y of Vera Cruz is entirely deserted, except by doubtful than either of ththesoldiery,whosleepnightlyontheirarms. Never- ried,itmustbebyamos theless, a most perfect confideuce would seem every- ; nphearing and diffusion oBy far the most acceptable passages of last Hamlet without the Prince. Antonelli himself, brethren who are longing for the promised salvation of She did not offer much resistance. A single shot from Thursday's Throne speech were those looking they soy, compares it to St. Denis, marching along God's ancient and still beloved people." Contributions the Saratoga brought her to, and then for the first timecountry—north, eouth. eaitoward and promising peace. The successful andare to be sent to the treasurer, Wm. A. Smith, esq., No. 39 William street.CASE OF FORGERY AT THE UNION THEOLOGICAL SEM-•f the positions under c { vention will act cautiousl; be no question; and to ts<regular carrying out of the Emperor's comprehen-sive economical programme largely depends on con-tiued peace. And BOpeace he will have if he can. and rumors of the day, I humbly presume to offer—The prices of board at Chicago will remain un-changedduringthe eitting oftheRepublicanConven-tion. T h e Tremont and Briggs Houses have each ac- commodationsfor400guests,andtheRichmondHousefor 275. The price of board at each of these ia $J 50perday. TheMetropolitanHetel,MatteeonandAf- ToVuEditorofTheA".Y.T ams Houses have accommodations for 200 each at $2Thedebatesin the English Parliament onthe Savoy business are reported with more o r less com- pletenessintheFrench papers, andproducegreatINARY.-—SomemonthsagoayoungstudentatthePrince- flight,however,sheraDaground,andafterafewshots finally surrendered without resistance. S h e w a s n o ttonTheologicalSeminary,bythename ofJamieson, gottenoff,however,tilltwo daysafter,andthenonly magna to Piedmont, will be assented to by France, conducted himself so badly as to incur the censure of by the aid of her consort, the Marquez de la Habana. withexpressionsofBuncomberegretattheunavoid- theofficersofthatinstitution,andwasobligedtoleave. ShewasfinallytowedintoVeraCruzbytheIndianola,every opponent of the Democracybepreparedt<suancedoubtlessofofficiouswarnings,andLiberal journals for a better reason—regard to the value of the Anglo-French alliance—are careful not to in- crease She irritation by comments. Of course, the Englishtalkwillendintalk;itisevidentlyinspired lessevenbytraditionaljealousyofFrancethan bythe partisan spirit of parliamentary opposition.One part of Cavour's last answer to Thouvenel I have not touched upon. I t has attracted too much attention~..ere, however, t o b e passed in silence b y your reporter. A s to the Romagna, he proposes to accept the vote of annexation, but to recognizeLetters of recommendation to other Seminaries were while the Marques de la Habana had the unexpected honor of returning the compliment, by towing backConference, to the windy contrary notwithstand-iveofattacksofAustria. Itwasnottimethento [asitisunderstood here,theintegrityof.there- ing.TheradicalItalianquestionanditsrealsolution oftheFinanceDepartmenthavinginchargethesell-. see how it would work. It isnow. The mixture maining temporalities of the Holy See], and con- remain essentially a s they were a year ago, b u t ing of street manures, for n o t clearing off the same tribute to the expenses of the Court of Rome. with the important accidental difference that Sar-istakenkindly. Thevirtuesoftheprescriptioa RatheraqueerpositionforCavourtotake,this.' diniaisgreatlystrengthenedsincethen. Thema-fromthedumpinggroundsusedbyhim.Thedump-but finally to have fought bravely. lar,foughtlikeatiger.»Marin, in particu-ject of photographs, I should say that photographicpartners, signing all the checks himself; aud fears that his brain might hot be equal to the emergency have beenentertainedbysomeofhisfriends;butthereis nofoundationfortherumorsofbieinsanity.The first engineer of the Marques de la Habana was office-holders assemble, while the latter is where theIn regard to the Hon. >vof the Henry Ciay schoolprinciple—if his friends th ^ Kuou ^^ ,nomination a t Chicago in g illdkate ^ deat]a onlvelection to the office ot F tFire of the clock p. m.—Considering the news the following post-scriptural view of the "situa-tion" a s it presents itself a t the present moment. TheannexationofalltheDuchiesandoftheRo-Chicago, March IT, 1S€0. WILLIAifclaims a man of experience and sense. His arms, Some of the crew at first refused to change, but all as his trainer told me in a short side conversation, finally yielded per force.Theencampment was but a shortdistance inthe rear of Caea Mata, though the headquarters were still atMedellin. Thence, every morning, sallies o u t a t a n Pennington, o r Corwin: earlyhourastrongpartyofcavalry,whichisfollowed theOppositiontoberepre byothersatvarioustimesduringtheday. beRepublican,thatmajorThese parties traverse the eand hills overlooking the) before, insist upon the noi city in every direction, taking care, however, never t oget too near the guns of the city. Their movements tentative men. I think tlare hourly watched, either from the walls or by scout- | to that beyond a continue TelwithFrance,andthat,accordingly,theproperthandiminishedbytheprovocativesaucewithandmaneuvers,comparativelypacificFrenchortwentypoundmore,forhisweightallliesuponhisstead,astheyhadbeenseveralJimee,duringthelateingpartiessentoutforthepurpose,whoadvanceor natemenwhowillrunbethough long, are neither large nor very muscular, b u t The expedition then continued its voyage. On theirfete, in the harbor of Havana. This, of course, was not done. Both steamers made their appearance b e - fore V era Cruz, a s before stated, without any colors whatever. _ The Captain said it was not necessary. THEEXPEDITION BEFORE VERA CRUZ.ofhislastcampaign; andsomuchthenots.Does,then,LouisdoteuponCamillehisLegionofHonor.KearneywasvolunteerAidtoGen.•aim,and.namelyremarked,"Maythebestmanwin,north,andpasseddirectlyunderthecastle.Ashotalso,smallbatteriesaresentoutfromthecitytoannoy:sey,Pennsylvania,Illinoii1retreat,acombined attack onthePoandMincioretire accordiog to the movements of the enemy. Prisoners are also daily being taken, o r desertera daily come m, and from them the movements of thebesiegers are very accurately known; while, on the other hand, the affairs of the city are probably as well known to the opposing army.niont in Illinois and Newportant that men be norr1 those States, and PennEylI States of '56. Candidate 9 any reasonable expectatioTalking of military themes, reminds me, some-iandatLaCattolicaistotakeplace. ThePope mixture? Probablynot. Atleast,thatisthegen- whatlateintheday,tostatethatMajorKearney, aglimpseof,Heenan;"but,"addedhe,turningthe•Louis very much vexed at Camille's rejection of hisand Naples from the South,-and Austria from the eral opinion now; four days ago it was about equal- formerly of our army, who won honors and lost an subject off good-humoredJy, " I suppoes I shall seeNorthandEast,aretoinvadeSardiniaandherlydividedbetweenprobablyandprobablynot. armintheMexicanwar,received,twoweeksand himonthedayofthefight,andthatwilldoforme."\signaledfromthecastleassuspicioussteamers.Theynewterritory,andtorobNapoleonofalltheresults Yourcorrespondentjoinsthegrowingpartyofthe moreagofromtheEmperor,thedecorationofthe HesmiledwhenIsaidIwasforHeenanandagainst approachedthetownfromthesea,andasiifromth«j wholedayandgreaterpartofthenight. Sometimes, ;carryalltherestoftheFshall probably be able to inform you of its whereabouts approach till too late. They were dreadfully fright- nextweek. G.W. ened, and did not seem to be decided at first whatcoursetopursue. Inthemeantime,theSaratogosentout a small beat to demand their nationality. They CHURCH MISSION TO THE JEWS.—A mission to the fired upon it twice, as before stated. The Saratogadenied him. Therefore he forged the signature of Dr. the Saratoga.McGill of Princeton to a bogus letter, which he pre- sentedtotheUnionTheologicalSeminaryinthi%city,WHO D ID T H E FIGHTING.they had the assistance of six or eight other officers, who came on board the steamers immediately after tbey made the harbor. These last, as indeed all the officers, are said to have blustered considerably at first parading themselves on the deck with drawn swords'as stieet manure.induced to work only two days in one or two of the ,ower wards, on this account.FRENCHTHEATRE,oppositeth)Metropolitan1794). The printshops now will furnish a n y o n e doubtfully when his name is mentioned, and none a r e had. A superior entertainment will be given to-night are Sr. Rafael Rafael a n d t h e Abbe Chandron, well fearful si ate of mind. Her very features were affected, gMalakoff(whowasdeliveredofachildtwoorTHEthree days ago—Pelissier Malakoff w as born in backers of his tw o popular rivals, shake their heads Hotel, has now an excellent company—the best it everAmong the prisoners more particularly mentioned weeks since Lorn a Methodist revival meeting, in a »with a quite complete collection of the celebrities of so well settled on their favorites as not to fear that the (Tuesday). We refer the lovera of this kind of draum known at Vera Cruz. The all-important capture, how- She said she had been converted. Her companionsaud T» th* Editor of The N. Y. T | American may " com*" again. The fluctuations of the ever, is Commodore Marin himself. • SIR: In discussing the^houvenel s long and able argument in favor of thejQixtare, says the same.. It «ay« QOt onjy wili Vic- perial family in every, possible decent position; of an-actual race, and should Umpire once more show "27th, at 8.o'clock, a meeting of the patrons of thi* Turner asked him why he had thus fired upon Ameri- vice that they had to te accompanied home. The candidates for the Prethe moment in miniature; every member of the Im- betting have thus far been not unlike the alternations to the advertisements. On Wednesday evening, the When Marin came on board the Saratoga, Captain she had been so frightened by the influence of the ser--£&&fhnU?8anCtTb?a'^'P^cethepopular Rigottoche,thefamousdanseusooftheDelas- infrontamongtheDerbycalculationsof"The-Corn- theaterwillbeheldatthehouseofMr.Curet,No.701 canvessels,withoutanyprovocationwhatever,aud preacherbadeaidsomethingaboutthegbltakingcare|Chicago, let us not torj -JoanC.FREMONT.1li geeting Preston King, b at its conditions better ths JVemont has shown, by tvoteoftheTuscan*,buthemust,underpenaltyof .semensComiquesandFigaroballsinvarious er,"itwillbegenerallyregardedasominousofhisW g a B h j s moral authority in Italy, jJnd of en- dangering the gcoat work of the regeneration of Italy for which France has made so great and generous sacrifice?, if Tuscany, by universal suffrage, offer herself to Victor Emanuel, be must, both in honor and interest, be must need* take her, though he ex-Broadway, to consider the Director's Circular of the10th, and the best rueaiiB of maintaining the institution ••-• -mviolationofevery.ruleothonorablewarfare.Maiin ieplied that his men were composed of all sorts of people, hud been but recently shipped, were badlyof herself, or the devil would get her. Her friends| fposes, not all of which.are decent; military, litera- success.ry, fashionable and^urtistic sommUts. Disderi, t h e But paramount above all sporting topics on this tidefavorite miniature photographer, has his doors be- of the Atlantic, and disputing successfully the public in this city. sieged from morning to night by the original con- ntereet with the Epsom Derby, stands the great prize"had no control over her. She became delirious, and was disciplined, and could not be controlled. He confessed Bent home. She escaped from them during the uight,|| in the cazupaigu of '56,tltributors, from all the prominent classes of Paris fight for the championship; and whatever may be said' The second Soiree of Mr. Goldbeck will be given at and that he understood all her signals, but protested two of the cows by thetail, singing hymns and eongs,life, to their albums. If the art had existed in W . to^he contrary, all .classes of Engliahmen feel in the hat he did not order a shot to be fired.premises a deep concern for the welfare of their cham- the Music Hall, No. 765 Broadway, near Ninth street, He declared, moreover, that he gave contrary or-nnusual degree, but a fix rationality failed. She was sent to Newport, r#ring and common sense. Hipose himself to all U e perilous risks set forth by Shakespeare's time, or so lately as Sam. Johnson's pion. Curiosity, however, remains most deeply fixed this evening, March 27, when a variety of the charm- ders, but could not control his men.Thonvenel at length, and referred to in the Throne speech o f Mareh 1That Throne speech, it is believed with considera- blereason,wasrepeatedly,anduptoalmostthe moment preceding its final delivery, mollified in tone and phrase.' Its delivery had been, as we all know,'deferred a week orso? inthehope ofarriving,and Robert Burns's time ! "on the Benicia Boy, and the mystery connected with his earlier movements, Lightened by the failure of even the British Champion to see him, has excited this foel-Capt. Turner listened to these protestations in si- lence, and then added: " Y o u have been guilty of a great outrage. Y ou alono are responsible for this un- happyaffair,anduponyoureststheresponsibility."mad. '— Old Senator Clarke of Rhode Island, speaktog ot California,andtheconstantdemandsofDr.Gwi^» others upon the Treasury of th» United States,0**^-ever a course of conduct followed i t unflinchinglyHehasshown,also,b of himself, and desired i in these days, has. beco admirable than his con Againheboreallsortsc for the sake of the Rept didate ever united aThe clerico-Uigitimist-Orleanist-protectionist pie-baldagitationagainsttheNapoleonicpolicy(what- irgtothehighestpitch.Heisstilllocated,asIin- ever that may be), respecting the Pope's temporal formed you in my last, on the downs of Wiltshire,ing music, which ho knows BOwell how to present will bo played by him and his assistants.To-day the election of town officers in Westchesterities, received, as you will have noticed, a smart near the town of Salisbury, and you and your readers County takes place. Mr. William Cauldwell, who bus much; whereupon Capt. Turner left him to his sor- the homely figure that that Commonwealth remin *^' from the Emperor in his Throne will be glad to learn 1hat he is doing better, and show- served three terms as Supervisor, has been unanimous- rows, and turned away.speech.' Itwasoneof thepassagesofthe'speechingmoreappropriateoutlines,thanheeverexhibited lyrenominatedfromthoTownofMorrisania. MariniseaidtohavelivtfdatHavanawhiletheex himofacrossbaby-—itwasalternatelycrying ^ 1 pedition was being fitted out, in the house of the Cap-, ,suckijug.Untitled DocumentST A TEMENTO FPRISONERS.arsenals a t Havana. Other very condusiS in the arsenals a t Havana. Other very conclusiveevidences of the knowledge and connivance oflK Cuban Government are said to have been discovered on the materials. ^MIRAMON BEFORE VERA CRUZ.PREPARATIONS FOR THE BOMBARDMENTtally a large American and ladies' eight." With the graceful ease of a prince in portance occurred. The third day the Marques de la However this may be, the ivorks, as if in prepara- but it is feared he would <his own domain, he waved me to a seat, and then tho Habana broke down, and they were obliged to put tion for the bombaroment, continued without inter- conversationwentoninamannernaturaltotheintoSisal.HereitWasthattheyfellinwithshe mission.Ofthesenoaccurateaccountsaregiven,ftsituation.Spanish mail steamer Mexico, from Vera Cruz, and bound to Havana. Signals were exchanged, and whenSayere, though but 5 feet 8£ inches in stature, hasthe appearance of being above the middle size. H e is the veesels approached nearer, they all shouted,The principal works have been erected on what iacalled the Medano del Perro, some two miles and.a at the Harbor and River CThe steamers came in sight of Vera Cruz a littlebe- fore noon the morning of the 6th. At 12 m. they wereMauricethroughoutnearlyalltheItaliancampaign. butmaythat,manbeme!" Beforethepartybrokeup from thefortress orderedthemtocometo,and show theenemya*theirworts,and thus far,accordingto tainly debatable"ground;Hencethe ribbon. heopenedformetheboxcontaininghiscupsandbelts, and with a conscious pride showed me these throphies Iforgottomention,whenonthesubject-of pho- ofbistriumphs.Heremarked,whenheshowedthemas-wheretoprevailintheabilityofthecitytomakeaI su '.ceeeful defense. T h e confidence, also, has. been very much strengthened since the capture of the Marin expedition.DEFENSES O F VERA CRUZ.toinduceAustriatobeginthewar. Theysaythathe knew that Tuscany would declare her wish forannexation, and that Victor Emanuel would notrefusetheofferedcrown. TheEmperor,they infutureoperationsfortheacquisitionofVenetia. maysospeak,ofhisnewschool-houseandperfect said,"Tomwantstokeepthisthing,don'tyou, Capt.Turner,oftheSaratoga,togoinpursuit.The world. jwayssuddenanddecisivedeclare,isgladoftheangrydiscussionsinParlia- OfthatacquisitiontheSardinianministernever himselfinthenicetiesoftheFrenchtongue.The Sayers!".Hegazedatmesteadilyforamoment,and Saratogagotunderway.athalfpast8mtheevening. ThewholeexposedlineofthecityontheinlandaidoI now,arethementonorui ment, which remove from him the aspersion of the loses sight. Austrian oppression in that unfortu- truly arduous duties of his^onorous office, the pre- bie eye unfolded into mine in a. style that showed he She was towed down by Gen. Goicouria's steamship is only about 1,000 yards, and this is protected by ability. The Republican] Frenehpriesthoodandprotectionists,thathehad nateprovinceismoreatrociouslycruelthan ever. sentationofthorough-goingDemocratstotheEm- weighedthewholeofmyremark,audthenasmile Indianola,Capt.Flanders,fromthisport,andthe eighteen fortsofhugedimensions,mountingsome[ nominatecandidatesaccej made the treaty of commerce only to obtain the Every Venetian whom Austrian authority chooses peror, and the procuring of tickets.to Court.and spread over his whole countenance, and with an ex- steamer Wave, also an American vessel, but for some eight to thirteen guns of thelargest caliber each. Tho ;;to suspect of opposition opinions, may be immedi- Hotel de Ville balls, will not be exercised till Lent pression of complete confidence he answered. " Yes, time past in the Bervice of the Juarez Government, as other works are as follows: they ^desireto nominat friendshipofEngland,.andnotforthebenefitof atelypressed into a disciplinary military corps. isover. MayIbepermittedheretorepeatmyold Sir, andI meanto.'" At10o'cloiktheChampion acoaststeamer. Eachofthemhadtwogunsand 1.Theoldwall,ororiginallineoffortification,con-8 andcarryouttheirprincij France. And,lastly,itissaid that, havingat Youthink,oryouaresuspected ofthinking,that propositionforthesimplificationofourdiplomatic retired. OnthefollowingmorningheleftLondonfor someeightymenonboard. Aportionofthesewere nectedtogetherbynineOfthesehugeforts,mounting|nnobjectionabletotheircoItalians a fair chance for asserting their liberty b y tion.directly enrolled as a soldier in a corps where the can Democrats at the Courts of Europe to be se- P. S.—Falkland and Macdonald have just come ini*ts on the other hand, maintai» that all this hubbub is secured, it will be a good time to agree to the has been foreseen and planned by Napoleon in order c.e38ion of Savoy (the great Powers will talk againstpublished by Goupil and Company. its manufacture in the P. R. Association, and it never To recur to Mr. Faulkner again. All Americans baviogbeen made good to him. " Whoever gets the' through h e r sister State •would go far toward prod which might make a man have a n opposite effect iit; they will not act against it), which will, in a sort, make Napoleon an accomplice in the Tuscan business, and go far toward securing him as an allywho meet him, speak laudatorily of his manners. He has arrived here at a lucky time, having the forty days of Lent before him to get the hang, if Ibelt, therefore," said Bayers, "will have to pay me back tiat money." Thebroad,glitteringcircletlay spread upon the table before me, and as I leaned over it on- both hands to/ trace its work, I looked up audPURSUIT OF THE STEAMERS.VeraCruzisoneofthestrongestplacesintheworld,and one of the most difficult to take. Its works of de- ] " never'rains but it po;irshearttheindependenceofItaly,hewishestogivethe VenetiaisItalian,andnotAustrian,andyouareservice:EntrancetoashillinggalleryforallAmeri- Newmarket,andtherehewillcompletehisprepara- UnitedStatesmarines,orderedthereon,fromtheSa-someeightybrasspieces,mostlytwenty-four'pounders.lineofthewalls. theiraid,andtocompletetheworkofliberationcourts,astatementofthisandkindredabomina-ContinentalCourtsonceayeartoleavecompli-ofSalisbury,beforethemagistratesofthatplacePARTICULARSOFTHEWHOLE ENGAGEMENT. constructedsomesixtyyardsinadvanceoftheoriginaliOhiowillrolluparound1theirownunaidedexertions,thoughheisre- penaltyofthinkingaloudisdeath. Cavoursends curedbytreaty:onesmart,able-bodiedman,and townandcalledatmyhotel.Theyreportthatacom- •olved, in case of a Sardinian defeat, to come to round to Sardinian diplomats, residents at foreign ditto horse and buggy, to drive round to all the plaint has been laid by certain straight-laced citizensfrom the Alps to the Adriatic. Influential people tionsj at-king whether they are not a violation of mentary cards, and to be a substitute for our actual against Heenan, charging him with training for a prize The three veesels arrived at Anton Lizardo a littlehereinEnglandareinclinedtoacceptthisversion provisionslaiddowninthetreatiesofZurich. foreigndiplomaticcorpsorcorpora; thepractical fight,andaskingthatnobearrestedandboundoverto beforemidnight.Thisisavex-ysafeharbor,some15oftheFrenchpolicy,andfullybelievethatAustria worktobedoneasheretofore,by,ConsulsandSec- keepthepeace.TheMagistratesmostunwillingly milesbelowVeraCruz,andwellprotectedbyreefson Cavour is collecting materials for the case that must received the accusation, and to avoid the unpleasant every side. Here Miramon had previously hoisted ais clumsy enough to fall into this trap. A few sooner or later be tried, of Venetia versus Austria. retaries; the dirty work, if there be any, to be done necessity of acting upon it, kindly sent Heenan word, flag to indicate the place of rendezvous. Both steam-line of fortifications, and mounting from six to twelve jj York -" is eager for the frJ gunseach.Oneoftheeeforts,whichismostexposed,1hieobjectioncananycons£ mountssixeighty-four-poundersoflongrange.4. Outside of this second line of forts the whole 1 earnest, and reliable "Or. city is surrounded by a wire fence, twenty to thirty I and w hy should not Ne^ yardsinwitfth. Thespecialobjectofthisisthebet-Iwheelintoline? Whatp tertoprotectthecityincaseofanassault. Thewire1 any wayinconsistentwi isstrunguponfirmlyplantedstakes,three tofourfeet1weeksmustclearupthisquestion;bythe20th, the complete returns ofthe yote inCentralItaly will be officially known, and bythe end ofthe.monthVictorEmanuelwillassumethereinsofgov- ernment In April, therefore, Austria will have either to attack or aequiesce, and the Pope will excommunicateorbless.CountRechbergisalsomakingoutAustria'sde- fense inadvance; theannexation,hesays,,ofthe Duchies absolves Austria from her engagementsmadeatVillafrancaandatZurich.bythesubordinateSecretariesofLegation.Thereistobealittleattemptatoppositioninthe Corps Legislate by a few clerico-legitimists.. It willnotcometoanything. Itissuicidalinitsveryinorderthathemightescapeoatoftheirjuriedlotion;andtheydonothesitatetovolunteertheremark, thatihey sincerely hope that the fight may come*off.«TMetillhudeteiimtip,andaeemedtohavetakenposi- tionas iftomakegoodtheireecape,if pursued. On thearrivalhowever,oftheSaratoga,theywerebusily engagedcommunicatingwiththesnore,and,thoughromtheground,anaeachstraadcrossingtheother,iofthose"Protection"-de; would he very likely to throw a column of men into *\ is the least known; but tl4 onfusion, if they attempted to straddle over it. But = SBanadditionalprecaution,therehasrecentlybeen tweenthenominationan< dug, beneath each square formed by the wire, a hole, such nonsense as The A five to six feet deep, to receive the invader. Should which has since been tak<The conflict between Austria and the enlarged nature, as that of the late Vnivers newspaper was. Kingdom of North Italy is irrepressible. When will Its leaders belong to the party who have maintained itbreakoutinopenwar? Theanswerofmany thedoctrinesofthemostthorough-goingoppressionhere,andofmoreinItaly,is,thecomingseason. andsuppression. Letmehere,inpassing, correct That warlike preparations are pushed forward with an erroneous statement and accompanying opinionHeenan,however,must nowlook upsome otherplace. It will doubtless be easily selected, and I the moon was shining clear as day. did not see her t has the appearance of a chess board. In itself it 1 ever. Wherever. Mr Setheir colors. They gave no more heed to her, how- ;ever,thantheydidtothecastle,butpursuedther course, past Sacrificioa, direct to Anton Lizardo A t the former place, the French, Spanish and English men-of-war were all anchored; but there seems to have been BO communication with them, nor, indeed, did theyappeartonoticethesuspiciousvessels.As before stated, Capt. Jarvis immediately orderedfeme may be enumerated among the wonders of tho j•" itvannah and Preble, for the occasion. ARRIVAL A T ANTON LIZARDO.2. A well constructed ditch, running around the entire I IS, then, the Republicanhave been wounded, except Gen. Goicouria, who re- ceived a slight wound on one of his hands.While all this was going on, the Saratoga was pay- ing htr respects to the Marques de la Habana. This was the vessel that cleared from Havana as a Spaniard.nia would prefer it, let is theirbeingfrom adjoinii earthly difference; for th and souls capacious enou—A bill has been introduced into the Assembly ofAlabama, for transporting all negroes convicted of cial reference to their reapThe former are said to have been thrown overboard a t once. Tie latter were first taken on board the Sara- toga, and afterward to Vera Cruz.in fact, been engaged at §100 per day; but it may, per- haps, not be need in case the large builaing is erected; for admission into which it is proposed to charge a fee,LONDON, March 9,1860. We are happy to state that Mr. A. T. Stewart is in Of the 250 men, three-fourths at least are believed to but yet not definitely settled. Quite a contrast is here Dayton in 1856, will not d OurAmericancoltUmpire,sonofthegloriousLe- excellenthealth,allrumorstothecontrarynotwith- beSpaniards. TherestwereFrench,Portuguese presentedbetweenCharleston,withitstwohotelsat whenthegreatbattleinhicomte,outofthemotherofthe still more illustrious Americans,andCooliesfromManilla.Theyweremost $5perdayandhallat$250perday,andChicago,with JHctfor FreedomintheIt Lexington,whoforsomanymonthsheld*•thepride standing. Hetakeschargeofthewholeofhisim- ofthem,doubtles3,ignorantoftherealnatureofthe'thirty-fivehotels,withboardatfrom$1to#JMper_ThefirstengineeroftheMiramonwasaFrenchman. He w a s also killed. T h e second engineer, also a irenchman, was at last accounts still at his post,but UDderthecommandofanAmericanengineer.—Sarah Alderson, a servant girl wit'i Mrs. Dale oC Newport,below Stockton-ou-Tees,returnedafewEoUidayivrg,Btair Co. (I JOHN Cthat he knew tho Saratoga to be au American vessel,and was found next morning in the cow-byre; holdingMarin responded meekly that he regretted it veryThereby the whole city was kept continually on the)From both the city and the works of the besiegera thereiskeptupanincessantfiringthroughouttho •gleSlaveState,orOregoianxiouji that Seward *ha 3. The line of so-called sand-forts, nine in number, i North-Eastern Star:es ha\On the side of the sea the city is protected, as all ester speech," and the know, by the celebrated castle of San Juan de Ulna. people are too honest and :Miramon's capture of Vera Cruz, is no easy task.He will have first, by a general bombardment, to mako any such miserable subttbe built capable of holding from eight totenthowwfc-d people,tobeusedduringthesessionoftheConvention,and afterward through the campaign of i860; butit has not yet been decided whether the Conven-.tion will hold its meetings there or in Metropolitan | eylvania and Ne «r-Jersey, Hall. T h e latter" place h a s standing-room for over g can not elect, and with a ft 4,000 people, is centrally located, well ventilated, and j diana, Illinois and Misaoiand shouting and praying.. All means to restore herf-^.J'Ci Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069—— ma mmmwww.fultonhistory.com 