 r what sii oot JftOSZA-proud evoted. pf the, youra.1**60.aiar- •Mr. MAYJNARD (S. Am., Tenn.) introduced a reso-vnSLmi'ted to take their iteata. .•The call of the roll then proceeded, amid great eoWe*-ue*Messrs. CURTIS (Rep., Iowa), SCOTT (Dem., Cal.), and PHELPS (Dem., Mo.;, severally introduced Pacific Railroad ani Telegraph bills, winch were re- ierred to the Post-Office Committee.Mr. HAMILTON (Dem., Texas,) offerod a resolu- tion looking to the repeal of the revenue laws and sub- stituting direct taxation.Mr. CURTIS introduced a bill to retire superannuated officers of the Army.The House concurred in the Senate's resolution for the appointment of a Joint Committee, to cake action in relation tothe inauguration of tbe equestrian statue of Washington on the 22d of Februarv.Mr. BURCH (Dem., Cal,) introduced a Pacific Rail- road bill, which was referred to the Post-Oiiice Com- mittee.CUT-Whole on the State of the Union.Mr. CUBBY (Dem., Altu)introduced a bill repealingtbs fishing bounties. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.which bind the Union together. On motion of Mr. LAW, the bill authorizing the lay- Mr. FENTON (Rep., N. Y.) replied to what he con- ing of a double railroad track in Brooklyn and New-sidered unjust and unfounded assaults on the Republi- town was ordered to a third reading.eetinga rincipaiwork-; n k e o n v e W a efevt~collect 1 provi- of 100 C Strike(failed.ion> ae-riukiug9 New-iw rail-rd wifl m tjfc.. WiLiamaoa reilied that, owmg to the JDadure of the* State Canvaseers to make sucn a deeiaration as contemplated by tbe act of Congress, there was no sitting member to noofy, and thai, by virtue of tne actio* of tnat body, there was no way teft for him to eompel the nPirn'irn''*1 o£ Mritnesses under the act ofA State Convention was held here to-da j of Con-parsage of persons from one country to the other. sented. Wm. Sprague was nominated for' governor, in order, under the direction of the Pilot Commis-Mr. ETHEfilDGE (8. Am , Tenn.) introduced a J. Russell Bullock lor Lieutenant-Governor, and Wal- sioners. ".i>;e for/-/4deliver tku «vening in Boston, haj be^B postpone**a *<Nrt£The annnal statement of marine disasters on the Mr. HOUSTON—I would not soil my hands with it. Lakes for the yeuT 1859 shows the total Ions by steam Ti»e resr-iution wan referred. and sail v*tt«ol»to be fl,ft20,lW, an inereuse upon the Mr. MORRIS introduced! a resolution calling on the lo«eeHof'lH5Hof £Jo7,8ti8. Total iosa of life in 1859,B. Kcllcgg, Augustus Gerbei, and their associates, Legislature—a fate which it well desai vea. Oompany.incorporators and directors of the Company, with Mr. Manierre iutroduced in the Senat s ahUl to1 reduce —Gov. Banks ia still quite ffl. His a^drees on the power to insure against the loss of life from any cause the capital of the Farmers' Loan aud Trust Company,or accident, by railroad, land,'or sea oarriage, witu reducing the stock from $2,000,000 tg;*L00O,W0Yan£ ." Life and Labors of Horace Mann," viWoh he wee te>compensation for personal injury by any not fatal acci- the ahar*u from. $50fc>|2& TM*i*•same as the Republicans.into and report an to the power of employing an armed The Nova-Scotia Telegrapli line. of liccufes and the general administration of the Ex-I 4MnaWiI860-dent, whether for thiii'wh^^^^^'toy'iiKorUr Tiralnia Itemocxatic £tate Coirreo-not to take a recei s, as it first proposed, but toMr. TUCKER brought in a bill authorizing the Cor-usuml period of adjournment, wnica is about the 1st of March.crows. He thought better of tlie equeatrian statue of Jackson, but he did not claim to be a connoisseur.Tbe resolution was finally adopted. It appropriates $3,(XH), and not $7,000.time, one million of dollars> by tho issue of Crotou Water stock at 6 per Cent interest, redeemable in twenty to thirty years—tbe money to apply, to tbe increase of the supply of water and extending the ne ceeuary works. * IAlso, a bill to repeal the act creating the Commis- sioners of Records.Also, a bill to amend the act authorizing the taking of additional lands for the Central Park, New-Yoik. It merely alters the name of the fund to the Central Park fund.The bill to regulate tbe sale of fruit in the <5ity of Kew-York was recommitted.Mr. VAN HORN reported a bill to abolish capital punishment.Mr. PLUMB presented a memorial from the Cat- taraugus Indians praying for a law to,: prevejat and punish the sale of. hqjior to Indians.of the reserva- tton. !' |.The Committee of.the Whole then resumed the. con- sideration) of the Pro-Rata bill.Tne question pending was Mr. Callicott'a amend- ment.Mr. P ALMER spoke in favor of the amendment, on the ground that the friends of the bill had- asserted chat they had |pledges that Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Canada would applythe Pro-Rata bill as soon as it was enacted in New-York.bucking, joking, and ball and chain. The "d*rk cell", prevails most—249 in Sing Sing; shower-bath next— 55—one a week. A large proportion of the offenses are " disturbances at night " How many of these pro- ceed from insane convicts ?At Auburn tho shower-bath appears to have been abandoned since Jan. 1,1859. But there are 53 pun- ishments by the yoke—a most cruel and barbarous meant of torture.At Clinton the ebower-bath was used 62 times, on 42G prisoners; at Auburn 16 times, on 811 prisoners; at Sing Sing 55 time*, on 1,228 prisoners. I think itThe feeling between the Hunter and Wke me* nearly culminated in a personal collision.The resolution was at length tabled, and the Con- vention adjourned until evening, when District Elect- ors will be appointed.Tbe proceedings show that Hunter stock has ad* vanced, though possibly all differences may be healed. Cheers ana hisses were on one occasion given alter- nately for Wise and Hunter, but quiet soon pre railed, About 800 delegates are present. The hall is denselyA BLLX.Among tbe bSli proposed to-day in the HousewasCuba, which was, pernaps, designed to propitiate Southern support f< >r Douglas.MR. S1CKI ES'S COJiTESTED SEAT.Mr. MORRIS (HL), alluding to the dialogue between The Senate agreed that when it adjourns, it be till him and Mr. Houston, Shid he had been reminded byone by Mr. M^Clernaud, for the acquisition ofhis colleagues that in answering^Mr. Houston's objec- tion to the introduction of his resolution, hia language reflected on Mr. Houston's motives and personal integ- rity. He <^id not intend any euch application.The Committee on Elections met this morning totake preliminary steps on the Sickles contested seat.They have ordere d the evidence in the cases ofMesers. Blair, Anderson and Howard printed, leujfth" be object of the bill.factorily explained he withdrew his remarks.Mr. OTERO (Dem., New-Mexico) introduced a billto organize the Territori*! Government of Nevada. Mr. PARROTT (Rep., Kansas) introduced a bill re- pealing the act for the admission of KansaB into theinto this matter of " punishments." Compare our sys- tem with that of Massachusetts or Pennsylvania; or see how the laws ot 1847. relating to discipline of pris-SonXe confusion existsK but general good humor prevails.' . , . - , . .The Convention is now taking a vote by counties t»which wiH fill several volumes.THE PENNSYLVANJU DELEGATES TO CHARLESTON.It ia-understood here that tne Pennsylvania Dele- gates to the Charleston Convention will Bupport the nomination of Mr.1 Breckinridge, though they are not yet appointed. Mr. Bigler will go as one of the Senatorial Delegates. Toe action of Judge Black's own County, Somerset, in rejecting the resolution recommending him for the Presidency, and electing a Douglas Delegate to the State Convention, is re- garded as a mo*t pointed rebuke of the Adminis- tration by its own political adherents.THE ADMISSION OF KANSAS.Mr. Doolittle will probably call up his pending amendment for the immediate admission of Kansas on Monday, having control of the question by the Teas and Nays being ordered. Tne Democratic aide will be compelled to confront that issue squarely, and. the country will then see whether t»ey are prepared to shut out Kansas merely for party purposes, and to exclude her vote at the Presidential election. The whole influence of the Administration will be exerted against her admis- sion this session in any form.Mr. MASON opposed the bilLMr. BAYARD (Dem., DeL) advocated it. He Bald Union. 1Inspectors, and see that the credit of the Empire State is not impaired by systems belonging to tbe dark ages. [Our corespondent's letter of Wednesday, which was de- tailed by the accident on the Hudson Klrer Itoad, was mainlyanticipated by the telegraph.]ALBAiiY, Wednesday, Feb. 15,1860.PRO RATA.After the debate on the Pro-Rata bill, in which the speaker stated that he had been informed that corrupt influences had been invited against the bill, and the-*•SHE LATEST NEWS, RECEIVED FY5MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.•Wa«nin«ion. ' •jptoUE Bbvctefc to Tfee K. Y . frfb«w*»WASHINGTON, Thursday, Feb. 16, 3860.THE HOUSE nUNTER,Tbe election of Priuterwa&agara postponed at the •Dgg*»tion ©*M*. Defreee's kneads, out mainly with tbe purpose of allowing a call of States for bills and resolutions to be completed. The result.is embar- rassed by Mr Adrain's return, who was paired with jfr. Barr, but will not support Mr. Detrecs. Thisdelay has been appropriated by the Senate for the advantage of Mr. Bowman in ordering all docu- ments printed, which might have been divided with the House.THE FRTSTTNG INVESTIGATION.The Committee on the Printing Investigation sat several hours this morning, and examined Mr. John C. Kivea on various matters connected with TheCongtssioTurt Globe, Messrs. G*ies & Season's contract, and the like. He proved that the Senate printing was executed in his office under an arrange-HtDcut with Mr. Bowman, by which he (Mr. Kives) received two-thirdjj of the price paid by law for ^fomg tbe work, and Mr. Bowman one-third as hw profi t on tbe job, without incurring any risk or re-sponsibility.THE SITPREME COURT.The present inch cation of the Supreme Cohort isMr H A L E then compared Persico's Columbus to a big gambler, in the act of rolling ninepins, and ridi- continue the term ] >robablj two montoa beyond the culed other work* of art about the Capitol, including Greeuoogh's Washington. He WM opposed to ap- propriating money to fill the city with these scare-t e r m .' "'•.', ' ""; '.'•'*•".,'/:".'.''"."''THEHARTE&'S FEKttY INVESTIGATION.flThe Harper's Ferry Committee have not yet } ing for the acquisition of Cuba by negotiation, _ and foralarmed when ho heard the tread of millions Of free- foice of New York as have not assigned their claims J. CUrk, Coleman, Coles, Collins, Cooper, Crane, Crocker,Cul- men,likeamightyarmyadvancingtotakepossession tothe.presentCommissioners.Hesuppoitedthemo- ver,Daxcy.Dickinson,'Dorsch,Downs,Dwight,Esrll,Elli-1851, the plaintiff having but, one-eighth of African blood,andbisvotehavingbeenrefusedatthePrect-* dential election of 1856, for that reason alone, therefore the Court held that he is entitled to recover for the vio- lation of the right conferJod on him by the Constitution. The decision was unanimoxs. -^Mr. TAYLOK (Dem., La.) introduced a bill provid- decided upon tbe proposition to summon Governor its incorporation into the Union in the event of its beingro acquired. Referred to the Committee on Foreign Wi*«s wbone pubtir- declaratkms make him a most Affairs.tion in an effective speech.Mr. COOPER opposed the motion.Without taking a vote, the Committee rose and re-ported progress, i .woith, Fisner, Flagler, Oarrettnon, Oibbs, Cover, Gray, Sarris, Holcomb, Uoskius, Hough, Jdubbell, Jakway, Jaques, Jeffords, Jenntx.g«, Jewell, Jewett, Jones, C. Kelsey.jEt. S, rkelsey, Kort- riiht, McArthur, McVean, Masterson, Mather, Merritt, Merselis, hiUler, Muliken, Millingion, Morgan, Odell, (VKourke, Patu»«r, Payne, Peek, 1'cttit, Plumb, Powelh Began, BichardaoiL Bobin-hesitate, fearing be might rvfuse to answer certain Members of Congress, and repealing it so far as it mterrogatone*, and that, in such an event, they allowB mileage. Referred to the Committee of WaysTllK SAXlt J1MAIJL HAVK mcX.V SLTtVKYKD:h* it tnas.Ud by th« Senate and JHoiutof R^prentnUt'ivet of the United State* of America, in Congress u'sembted, TLat £roia and after tho passage of thin act. no i*ab)ir. Lands nhali bn ex- posed to salt) by proclamation ol tho Pr««ident. unload tUo uauia *hall havn b^Ki'i surveyed, and the return of such survey dulyfiled ia the Land Oflios for ten years or more bsfore such salea. Provided, however. That whenever the President aniil! ascer- tain that any township or townships of thu I'ubilo lmuda are mi&eral or pine-timbered lands, ho may, at hi* discretion, pro- claim aurh Jownahip or townabipa-ef'-Cmd for sale, as now pro-ADGUST A, Ga,, Thursday, Feb. 16, 1860. Andrew Rogers, hailing from Helena, Arkansas was arrested here to-day on the charge-of abducting free negroes, and selling them into shivery. Subse- quently"he was conveyed to Macon for trial in charge of policemen. • •„,In the race here to-day, between Congaree and Fanny Washington, the former won. Both heats weie closely contested.•Later from Nassau.p CHARLESTON, Thursday, Feb. 16,1860. .AnarrivalatthisportbringsTheNassau Guardian^ of the 8*h inst..Tbe Legislature had opened with imposing oere»- monies. Gen. Pierce and his wife, and other Ameri- cans, were present.• •• Contradiction.HARTFORD. Conn., Thursday, Feb. 16, i860. The editor of The Times denies that the delegation chosen yesterday to Charleston is a Douglas delega-tion, and asserts that it is pledged to no candidate.<•> Population of Kansas.ST.JLOCIS, Wednesday, Teb. 15, I860. According to the official returns of the Assessors, thepopulation of Kansas Territory is 69,950.•M a r i n e D i s a s t e r .NORFOLK, Thursday, Feb. 16,I860.The brig Charles Miller, bound to New-York witit sngar. ten days from Matanzas, came in collision wilk the schooner N. Smith, from New-York tor Charleston; off Chiocoteaiue. The latter sunk, and the former was badly injured. The crew of the Smith worm saved by the brig, and have arrived here. - A steamer has gone in search of the schooner.Bark. Germantovn Abandoned.PHILADELPHIA, Thursday,, Feb. 16, I860. The bark Germantown, from New-Orleans for New-York, with coffee and molasses, was abandoned on the night of the 10th inst. The captain and crew are safe. The vessel and cargo are insured in New-York.• ,—i Quarrel and Death.CHICAOO, Thursday, Feb. 16,1860. Henry McAuley, a prominent cituscn of this city, died last night from injuries received in a quarrel thenight before. - • _INSTALLATION.—Last evening, the Presbytery of the United Presbyterian Church proceeded to install the Rev. Mr. Service, Pastor of the Church now occu- pying Lamartine Hall. The hall was well filled with an attentive congregation. After prayer and reading; of the Scriptures by the Rev. Mr. Harper of the Pres- byterian Church corner ofHouston and Greene atreete, the Rev. John Brash of Jane street Preebyteriaa . Church preached a discourse, based upon Joel, 2* xiii, xiv. Tho Rev. Mr. Todd of Paterson, N. J., thendemanded it—the 8bylock of modern times—and the Dr0DO8ed the usual questions to the congregation a n dkind of protection which the needy borrower would £ J g J ^ , which havingfl>een answered, the rela- enjoy under the proposed law would be like the pro-tection which vultures give to lambs. He held that if tion of pastor and people was complete. After sing- men now risk the loss of both interest and principal for ing and the benediction, the congregation recognizedthe take of their greedy gains of 20, 30, or 50 per cent, their pastor by shaking his hand, whereupon they dis- they would be much more oold in their usurious prac-tices, and exorbitant in their insatiate demands, when missed. This church consists of Scotch and North of the risk which they run should be reduced to the simple Ireland Presbyterians who reside in the upper portion.lose of interest. There were enormous sums of money ol the city. At present the enterprise appears to be- out on bond and mortgage, and while the presentlaws prevail, careful men prefer to reserve pKwperous.their 7 per cent, and rest in safety towouM be compelled to apply-the coercion to him which has been intended for others. If they refu*e to summon him, the question must necessarily be brought before the Senate, and as nearly all theand Means.AIBO, a 1»11 declaring null and void allthe Territorialacts of the Legislature of New-Mexico' establishing or protectir g involuntary Slavery.Mr. LbLoKE (Dem., Va.) objected to the second reading of the bill, saying that this would bring up thethe Committee reported. resolution was adopted.iitepobljcau side voted for process against Messrs. qneftiou of leiection.vided by law.iThe Senate to-day ordered the bill to levy tolls onR ailroads to a third reading, by a vote of 17 to 111 As would report a bill in compliance with the prayer ofKedpath, Sanborn and John Brown, jr., the Democ- racy can hardly disorhninate without exposing the partisanpharacteroftbewholeproceeding.A SUDDEN DEATH.The War Department waa closed to-day in con- sequence of the sudden death of Gov. Floyd's brother last night.COLLECTOR OF BOSTON AND POSTMASTERS.1 he Senate confirmed Gen. Whitney as Collector cf Boston, and several postmasters.THE TREATY WITH PARAGUAY.it has been materially amended, since its introduction,The treaty witt Paraguay was ratified to-day, $600,000.In this view of the case, and in deference to the peti- tioner* and tbe wtroug feutimeut of the House in favor of abolition, the Judiciary Committee asked to be dis- charged, and that the subject be referred to a Special Committee, who could give it that careful considera- thm which its great importance demands. Accord-hegly, tbe Committee was discharged from the further consideration of the subject, and it was referred to an able Select Committee, of which Mr. Van Horn of Niagara is Chairman, and who is now industriously «-ng*ged in writing a report, which he will present in afewdays. .^t'STJRT.The Shylocks don't seem to make very great head- way in their efforts to repeal the usury laws, or rather to ao modify those laws that the niouey-chaugers can shave and skin the needy borrower, without the risks of personal loss which now aUond those interesting operations.Some weeks ago Mr. Milliken introduced a bill which fixes the legal rate of interest at 7 per cent, as at preeent, and provides that m cases where a greater iuterertt than 7 per cent ia taken, or agreed upon be- twei-n borrower and lender, tbe party lending shall forfeit the entire interest, but not tne p'rincipal, as un- der the existing statutes. This bill was discussed in Comminee of tho Whole last evening by Messrs. Mil- lit en, Barnett, Wiley, and others.Mr. Milliken insisted jmost strenuonslv, that the object, and purpose of his bill was to proteej the money- borroweis, and not to give license to the tapitalists to erind the faces of the needy; but he failed, with all Bis pereuasivo eloquence, to convince your correspond- ent that such would be the effect of tho proposed law; and it is my impression that he will also signally fail to convince the House.under which a joint Commission for the settlement of claims will be appointed.THE MEXICAN TREATY.Mr. DOWARD ^Dem., O.) introduced a bill, jwhich was referred to the Committee of the Whole on ihe state of the Union, granting pensions to soldiers of the war of 181$.Air. SHEUMAN -(Rep., Ohio) offered, a resolution,<5, (no name given); 4, iien«4ict Setira; 5, ^ m - H. McDonald; stock or dre*sed ho» a of any kind carried on satd roads. But ia 6, X. J. Brown; 7, A. M. C. Smith; 8, Miraih Kct hum; 9, J. adjusting the rates'of toll upon all the railroads mentioned in tbia T. Headlev ; 10, Samuel J. Wilkina: 11, P. Cantinl ; 12, A. K. Rection, excepting the New-York Central Railroad, the Canal Chandler; 13, Alf.es Wtwkyn«; 14, tihaa. H. Adnnxi : 15, Wm. Hoard shall so arrange th«im that the maximum charge upon any Burling; 16, O. D. Peabody; 11, A H. Preaeott; 18, bel Smir.h; property tranfcporteo between any of the places atoreiaid shall 19, Addiaou IM. Smith; 20, T. L. Piuc»on; 21, Havid Matthews;After a careful canva»s of the opinion of the Sen- which wan adopted, instructing- the Post^Office Com-*te. it -may be confidently asserted that the Mexi- mit ee to inoujre into the expediency of reporting ac a n treaty casnot command a two-tnird vote. The bill Jor the tiiviaion ot tbe Territorial jurisoiction of22. Wm. Oaltea; 23. 0*car Paddock; 24, ii. Davt* Noxon; 25, "Wra. Foa«*t«; 26. Geo. L. VVhitnoy: 27, Cha*. E. Hardy; 28, QnnT%t> Jl. Brand; 80, WilliamT. Robert- son; 31, Samuel J. W^eki; '62, Oeorge JR. Baboock; 33, L. L.not exceed the toll on the same kind of property transported the whole length of the New-York Central ltaiiroad.Administration will perhaps be able to whip in athe United States into postal disdets of not lea3 thanone State each; secondly, the letting of the entireSac. 2. The said railroad companies, to the extent of then- ability, shall tranaporr property ner»after upon the Baid roads wben the aanie abAll be tendered and delivered to them, snojeot to tolla, aa pttmeahed in thv hrst nection of this act, and ahall make monthly statements thereof to the Auditor of the Canal Department, in winb foica a» he shall direct, and shall pay thea siaUuuent, to which Mr. Sickles replied, asking practicability of a Convention between the United' farther time to put in nis points. He takes tbe ground States and Spain, so as to' facilitate commerce by the tbat. ia consequenee of tne failure of Mr. Wilhamwm' reciprocal importation and exportation of tbe agricul-i i Convention. !PPOVIBEKCE, R. L, Thursday, Feb. 16,1860.a frw day a since, wan ordered to a third reading in waa to help the strong and cripple tne weak—a kind of the Senate to-day. The bill is a compromise oetwnen le«i»lation of which we have too much.pledged bis entire delegation to blm ia the Charlestonrecommendations, etc, connected with removals and appointments in Illinois; alee, as to the accounts of Mr. Cooki Postmaftter-ef Chicago, and information as to removals of a number of Postmasters in Illinois. He said he intended to press such inquiries.- Mr. HOUSTON eaid he wanted nothing to do withit.Convention.^SENATE..-.WASJHrKOTOK. Feb. 16.18G8. Mr. DOOLITTLE (Rep., [Wis.) called lor the read-SE>rATE.~.AxBAflTTho bill to incorporate the New-York RailrdaC andSteamboat Accident Company wss reported fawrably. Mr.MTJNROEi from the XXIId District, gave no^ tice of a bill authorizing the building of a radroad inSeventh avenue and other streets in New-York.Mr. ROBERTSOUi introduced a bill relative to plant- ing oysters, which provides that all lands under water ai:d below low-water mark belongiog tothe State shallbe free for the purpose of planting oysters.,This, however, is not to bo construed as granting the righrto plant oysters upon any natural bed ofMORE crrr BAiXROAnvMr. Munroe gave notice of a bill to authorize theconstruction of a Railroad in Seventh avenue and other, i BicTrsfowjy, Va ,T*m*^yyF*b. IftT8«! . The D©moor»toc< State, C o w m a n a«e«>to*he«* to-day, and temporarily argaaiaea by tb*.,oh**© «CXXXYITHFIRST SESSION.• h\Tbe discussifm on th« Pro-Rata Freight bill wasThe SPEAKER replied that, under the special order, Mr. Bingham bad the right to introduce the bill.The bill was referred to tbe Judiciary Committea.Mr.BINGHAM(Rep,O.)offered a resolution, which was adopted, referring so much of the Presi- dent's Message as related to the payment of tne Armis-the petitioners; but it was finally ascertaioea that tk*i when THE TMBT/NE published an abstract of its Committee could not agree on the provisions of a buTCONGRESS.Feb. 16,l f . ' ^3 of bia resolution, mattering the Committee on Crie* of " Order."NEW-YORK.f.'.5tunate in anything, it. was in 1 its efforts to embellish Union.this city and the public buildings with statues and Mr. CRAIG (Dem., Mo.,) introduced a bill reviving uaintings. More horrid caricatures could not be found fhe Tariff act of 1816. Referred to the Committee of fo any wax museum in New-England. He said thereWOBa doe standing on the east porch of the Capitol,which looked no a ore like a dog than a log with astick stuck in it.Mr. FESSENDEN (Rep., Me.)—How do you know it is a dog?Mr. HaLE—I WHStold so.Mr. CLIN G-MAN (Dem., N . C.)—I read in the pa- pers that it was a dog. '.ion of adjournment. Adjourned. ASSEMBL Y*EVENING SESSION..Monday. -.Mr. SLIDELL (Dem., La.) called up his bill to pro-hibit tbe issue of bank notes in the District of; Colum-bia. The first se ^tion of the bill prohibits the issuingMr. HOUSTON understood Mr Morris's remarks ascrowded.wo^d be well for the inspectors to examine carefully •" Theresas nothing of great importance doing to-night.of bank notes in the District after the 1st of April,undrr penalty of fine and imprisonment. The second did the bitter's colleagues, but as Mr. Morris had satis-NIGHT SESSION.section prohibits the circulation of bank notes in the District of under twenty dollars, under a penalty of twenty-five dollare. Mr. Slidell explained at someons is observed by t e filcem. That prescribes a very admit, as delegates, all the Democrats now herefromdifferent mode from t&e one now pursued. The people the counties no£i otherwise represented, which the alao ought to criticise closely the annual reports of the iriwidB of Gov. Wise favor and those of Senator Hun-Mr. EAST ABROOK (Dem.. Nebraska) introduced a bill to enable Nebraska to hold a Convention prelim- inary to admission into the Union.A large number of other bills and resolutions were introduced and appropriately referred.Mr. CAMPBELL (Rep., Pa.) presented the memo- rial of S. G. Daly, contesting the seat of Mr. Easta- brook of Nsbraaka.The House went'into Committee on the President's. Annual Mcy&vgc.HOUSE OF KE3PKESENTATTVES.A message was received from the President an- taking strong Sontnern ground. He condemned tbeter oppose.It is hardly probable that the vote will be decidedbt fore 1 o'clock, and it is impossible to say now hew> it will terminate.The fnend*.of,&e two parties consider it atest <juee- tion as to thek relative etitastk In the Convention.• — — — »; ><• Massachusetts Politics.BOSTOW, Thursday, Feb. 16,1860. At the Democratic Convention of the VTIth District of Massachusetts, to-day, Messrs Pierce and Johnson* Douglas Democrats, were elected delegates to' theCharleston Convention. •''" '- liOUisiaita Politics.NKW-ORLEANS, Thursday, Feb. 16,1860. Tlie delegates elected from thi« city to the StateConvention are largely Admimstration:Tbe Almaden Qmcssilvex-Mine case has been de-cided in favor of the United States.Suit rage in Ohio.COLUMSUS, O.j Thursday, Feb. 16,1860^The Supreme Court of Ohio decided the case of Al- fred J. Anderson agt. Thomas Miliigen, on Tueaaay- last. The Court held that persons having a mixture of African blood in their veins, the preponderance being white, were by the Constitution of 1K01 entitled to ex- ' ercise the elective franchise, and that no caaage hav-tbe banks of Washington are now i«»uing notes without authority of law.After further debate, the bill was postponed till Monday.Mr BROWN (Dem.T Miss.) gave notice of an act to punish offennes against slave property in Kansas.Executive session. Adjourned till Monday.nouncing that he had signsd the Poat-Oifice Appropria- tion bill.Mr. JACKSON {Dem., Ga.) offered a resolution di-recting the Clerk to remove the presett eeats from theBall and restore the former chairs and desks, and,withprinciples of the Republicans, and said unless a revo- lution in public sentiment take place in the North within tbe next twelve months, which he did not an ticipate, a man from that' section would not be per mitted to travel in the Sony), unless he could bringto do BO.Mr. HARRIS spoke at length in opposition to &egeneral principles of the bill.Tbe Commiitee then rose and reported progress. Tne bill was made the special order for Monday,27th inst., and the final vote on ordering it to a thirdpurpose of instituting an investigation,cans. He maintained that tbe views of the North onthesubiectof Slavery are the sane now as in the June. He wanted it put on its passage, hut objection early and better dayBof the .Republic. In consequence of Southern aggretBions on freedom, that party sprungbeing made, withdrew it. into existence, and soon swept its way into fifteen Mr. BABKSDALE (Dem.. Miss.) introduced a bill Stat«8 of the Union. Well might the gentleman fromThe bill to repeal certain sections of the .Contracting Board law, so as to transfer patronage from that Board to the Canal Board, was ordered to a third reading.Mr. KEITT (Dem., S. C.) offered a resolution pro-viding for the adjournment of Congress on the 5th ofrepealing certain Kectionn of tne Neutrality law of 1818, and amending others. Referred to the Judiciary Com- mittee.After opposition by Mr. CALLICOlT, the JSew- Jfadden, McQr>«de, Maxson, Moulton, |Au*tin Myers, A. A Yorfc Tax Levy bill was taken up. Myers, Newell, -Eclson, Perry. Fond, Searles, A Smith, W . M.Mr. GOVER moved, as •ptmendment,,.to include a femixh, Van Boi7», Wnippl*, Woodrufl".—2ii.J»A1'S—Messrs.- O. Allen, Aroularius. Barnett. Beebe, Bixby,tad Case claimants to the Judiciary Committee, with Chuirmau, Erawtus Brooks, of New-York, reported theNew-York Central Railroad and the New- i'ork and ErielUiiroad.SBCTION 1. The Canal Board are hereby authorized and re-instructions to report on the propriety of of the Presi- dent's recommendations, and also as to the legaii y of Slavery in the Territories.The election of Printer was postponed till to- morrow.Mr. VALLANDIGHAM (Dem., O.) introduced a bill, which was refened, amendatory of tho act to arm and equip tbe whole body of the militia, ao as to in- crea*ti the appropriation for anna from $-^00,000 tofollowing resclutions, whieh were unanimou;ily adopt-ed:Revolved, That tho National Union organization in T ranhinriton, and ia the State of .JSew-Y ork, has the hearty oympa Lhy and co- operation of thonn "who nupponed tho American balance-of- powMX tici.et, nomiuatedat Uuca in September luat. t ud elected by a majviity of the people in November, and th it we utand pie.rlfcd to all the measures.of that. orauLiiztttion ivi ich whall in good Iaith be in favor of tne Union, the Constitution, ind the en- toTc»mrt»t cf tho laws.Resolved, l h a t the following gentlemen, designate* in part by the National Union Committor, b« recommended HMlelegat«*» to the National Uuion Convvntion, to be called at «ach I uuo as may be named by the National Union Executive Coxnmitt >e.For the State at Large-— Washington Hunt, C. B. i 'reeman, Conoresitionul IHtirict*.—1, Lett C. Cluik; 3, Itosw ell Graves;no execution shall take place rill after the expiration of one year Irom the time of conviction and sentence, and not then till atttr the Governor shall order the execution. This would probably amount to a practi- cal abolition of-cap'tal punishment, as a similar lawfew refractoTy.Democrata, but there" is every prob- postal service^ including the delivery ot mail matter insuch districts to the lowest. responsible bidder, over• ability tne .Republican vote will be cast solid againot g^eeEtpost-routes; thirdly, the reorganization of the Rrtolved, That tho delegates have power to sj point theira ratificateon.T o f t * AMoefsted Free*.Mr. Sherman offered the resolutions reported by Tbe Pos**Offioe bill l»<al:zes the payment of $1,751,- the Select Committee last year, charging that thePratt.aeveral *ub«titue«.•-*ost-Omce Department and foreign mail service, to conform to the foregoing proposition; fourthly, the entne abolition of the franking privilege.The Committee on Address reported. Redort adopt- tells thereon in such mai.ner as the CommiMioners of the CanalWAsmjrfrrow, Thursday, Feb. In, 1S60.ed, and the patriotic aentimento contained in the ad- dress fully indorf ed000 ^6r compeosauon to .postnaaster* and clerks, for Secretary of the Navy with the concurrence of tae thorough organization'throughout the State. Incidental expenses, ending witn December, leaving President, had abused his discretionary power inimposed upon th«m. bv the provisions oJ thh) act, it shall forfeit to the people of this btate, for every day of such neglect or re- fusal, the sum of ten thouitand dollars, and in every case of such forfeiture or nee>ct, it «hall be the duty of the Attorney-Generalthe remainder of the four millions appropriated for making coal and live oak contracts, and that the Adjourned.these pnrpoves subject to the immediate order of the Secretary and President, for bestowing patronage forPosumtvter-General.Several days, howeeer, will elap#e before theneces-• — ;Rhed« Island I>emocrati€ State to MUCfor, and coJlect the same by an action at law in the nameelerMonf.eriug purpo.-.ea, deserve the condemna'aon of the House Referred to the Committee of the Whole vn the State of the Union.CoRvemion.of the poople of this State.Sac 4. Allacts and pans of acts, inconsistent with this act,The following ie the vote by which tho bill was or-«sarv iorma c»n be prepared for transterring the largeramount appropriated from the Treasury for the use oftbe Department. The certificatee of indebtedness will lution, which was referred to the Judiciary Commit- day. "Wm. Sprague was nominated for Go rernor, J. dered to a third reading: b< m the order in which they were filed in the depHrt- tee, ^wiifa a view to the more effectual rendition «f fu-j&ent, and the other debts ixi the order in which they gitives from justice.seemed. AJao, a resolution, which was adopted, setting forthTbe amount of interest to be paid on deferred pay- that the geographical position of Cuba to the United ton, John N. Francis, Fenner Brown, Charles S. &A5TS—Messrs. Colvin, CoimoUy, Gardiner, Grant, HH1- j&ents to contractors will be about- $100,000. States renders it eminently desirable that there should Bradley, and Welcome B. SayleB were elec ^d> Dele- honse, Kelly, Lawrence, Mannierto, J. M. Murphy, Spinola,Wtllianaa—ll.Tbe Committee on Elections to-day took up the eon- be Jr<?e and unrestrained personal and commercial in- gates to the Charleston Convention. Republicans in Roman; Democrats in Italic*.graph Company was held in this city yesterday, but Also, a bill oroviding for the people of the Territo- the feeling among the shareholders was so nearly ries electing sHi then: omcers; also, a bill providing for unanimous against the misrule of the lkte foreign news tbe election of Deputy Po«:mastcrs by the people; speculating Board of Managers, that these gentlemen, al*o, n resolution calling on the Secretary of the Inte- and their few friends, deemed it unwise to attempt to rior Xo report a. 1-tbe fitete relating to the accounts of throw obstacles in the way of the reform which has p/osanted tor tbe members to emj.ty their political Mr 1'rwv, hue Marshal of the Northern District of been maugurated by the new Board. Tbe press and the commercial public may now mat assured that the "rule of ••*first come, first served" will be rigidly en- forced at all the offices of the Nova-Scotia Company. Mr. MORRJSexpreesed surprise that any one wanted The arrangements of the Associated Press at Halifaxto supt>r«-ss k.fovroatiou relative to apubR© defaulter. are now, as at all times, such-asto insure tho prompt- Mr.HOUSTON(Dem,Ala.)saidifaCommittee estd«liveryofnewsfromtheEuropean«teamor8,andA Commiwee, consisting of Saessrx. Hammond, Tlnn- would rod -rm and dignify tae object of the resolution, the public may feel reasonably sure that they will con- ter, and Bamlm on the part of the Benute, aixd K»fitt, he would beiHnposod to consider the subject. tinue for the future, as for the past ten years, to be T}aia,-€larnetxv Adrain. and Webster cm the psrt of the Mr. MOKfclS replied that he wmild prefer it to go supplied with the earlieat intelligence from Kurope -House,havebeenappomsedtomakearraugementsfor toan*O^srCommitteethanthatontheJudiciary, fromtbiHpoint,aswellasfromallo&era,throughly for tbe purpose of reference, were introduced into the House to-day—a larger number than ever beforetbe Naturalization laws.Objection was made to its passage, ,it would cost th* State at leatt $5,000.Mir. Fiero said, we wisb t6 know why it was theCity of New-York, with its immense population and thousands; of groe shops, has apparently granted no more.licenses «han Greeae County.stroduced in a tingle day.There were forty-six yesterday under the call of th*risking principal and interest tor tho take of moreCHIEF ENGINXXR—John Decker, the new ChftlT Engineer of the Fire Department, will take nis office* next Monday. He has the appomtment of two clerka^ a foreman, and eight hands in tho Corporation Yard.several Stales. No previous opportunity had beearapid gains; but pass the bill underJ^nrideration and Mr. Spinola said, that only proves that you are yon-offer strong inducementsto cayitahWsto call in the great drinkere in the County of Greene. mortgages when money cemrxwrarily -commands a high Jftr. Lawrence moved to. amend by inserting the price, and of course at a time when-38 Would be mostbudgets.. Illinois; also^ as to the moneys paid the District-At- Augastus Wattles, fermerly one of the editors of torneyu. .Couuty of Greene with.the City of New.York ui the i difficult in consequence of stringency] of the moneyreuoluuon. Tuis amendment was rejected, and the rnaihet fot mortgages to meet the demand, and thusresolution passed by a party vote, with the exception ncalculable distress wouldresult. W e had got on very o'clock a fire broke out in the bui- ding Ne; 644 H o w -The Jti*ttU& of JfrttdvM, and an- old friend ot Joha iirown, arrived here to-day",and will, doriugthe week, ^ghrehis testimony before the Harper's Ferry Investi- gatingCommittee.that Messrs. Eifhmond and Bobertson voted against tneresolution., .' . . INSDKANCK AGAINST ACCIDENT.FIRK TN HOUSTON STRRKT.—Last night about 9 well under the paeeent law, and be di<3 not like to risk ton street. Lower part occupied by Mr.Heraldes, propri-thisinnovation..Itwasbettertoletwe11enoughalone. etoroftheTtht^trocioTiAmericana; upperpartasa Besides, if the Legislature were to pa is this bill now, dwelling. The fire originated in tho front haaement, < it woula only be regarded by the Bhylcbks as an enter- used as a composing-room, bat from what cause is un-}be mangnraiion of Mills's equestrian statue of Wa*h- mgtqn on tbe 22d inst.of wb"icb Mr. Houston was a member.Mr. HOCHTON—I don't want my fingers dirtiedtheir arrangements.L. Schoolcraft, Dean Richmond, Edwards W . Fiske haps, at tbe next session of the Iiegislainre.thus rivim? Thomas T. Dans, Charles W. Baiter, Richard E. to the strong unlimited power to deepo 1 the weakAmerican Exchange and Park Insurance Compauiee- Tho buOding is owned by Mr. W. C. Amermaa, and 19 not much damaged, the nre being confined to the base-•with it.tRjity^betwecu the -Uuited States and Paraguay, and Mr. MORRIS—I don't want you to have the resolu-wmdsor, Alcx-MoCae, «Wm, O. Mills, Georue W . The Committee repoiu>d progress on the bill, whichBUKV ALO, Thursday, Feb. 16,1860V Cmnmingr-, Henry M. Swift, Franklin J. Davhs, Giles will be further discussed before being Sicked out of the menu Insured for $3,000 in tbe Ix>ridlard Injraraaa*fcakc*.itet the latter, when the former was ia KswYurk, Posiuiioftrr Uouersl lor copies of letters, petitions, 10G—bebg a ifccreaiH} of 17from tie previous yeaift. Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069The Senate in £x»eative Session to-day ratified theconfirmed tbe nomination of Gen. Whitney as Collec- tion. !VB^S***^"*^9** "• response-to a note from Fernando wood, denies the truth of the newspaper sutiement» l K a * t ^ r * o«» t h enDAILY• />•'•tntem<revIt was a filthy business.Mr. MORRIS—Then you sre the appropriate man. Mr. BOUSTON—The filthier it is the better for you.. - \ ', PRO RATA. 'continued in tbe Assembly last evening and to-day,and will be resumed this evening. The most impor- tant amencmente which have been adopted m Com-There was muchconfusion in,the subsequentp»w ceeding* in regard to the manner of the appointment of tbe Committee on Credentials.uuTerritories to report a bill lor the admission of Kansasnr-oer the Wjandot Constitution.The «n"bjftcr was postponed.Mr. BIGLEE (Pern., Pa) introduced a resolutioncalling for information as to jwhat has been done uuder t*--e set for the construction of public buildings ia the City of Philadelphia, and what additional legislation is necea&arv. Adottod.Mr. ifWTN (Dem., Cnl.) reported from the Com- mittee on Pcst-Officea and Post-roads, a bill for the con- struction of a line of telegraph to the Pacific-said it was an uuautbetiticated papor. of naturalized citizens of our country when abroad. ^Th«; rtwolutiou providing for the appointment of a Also a resolution, which was referred to the Commit- , and Rome Railroads. The till now only applies toAfter a stormy debate, it was at length decided by a mittee of the Whole so far, have been one permitting large majority.that the Secretary call the roll bjrMr MASON (Dom.,\ a.) made some remarks upontee on Foreign Affairs, declaring that Cuba ought to be i Committee of Three, to act with a similar Committee acquired, and inquire on what terms this can be ef-the Central anrl Erie roads, and their branches.The bill making appropriations for the speedy com-pletion of the Canals was ordered to a third reading.EVENING SESSION.The Senate met at 7. p . m , to consider general or- ders.The bills to authorize the Orient Wharf Company to ncrease their capital and extend their whirl, audin-relation to bale nay and scales, were ordered to a third leading.The "bill to incorporate St. Stephen's College had progress reported on it.The bill to incorporate the Cit'zens' Savings' Bank/ New-York, was then taken op.• After a long debate, progress was reported on the H1L 'TheSenate then concurred in the Assembly resolu-Mr. McLeod Murpby presented a petition to the Senate last evening', signed by perhaps one thousand promment ouBineps firms, merchants, & c , of the City of New-York, asking the Legislature to lefinact the old law which permitted slaveholders to bring their ebony chattels to this "State, remain here with tuem for nine xconths, and then return with them to their homes.' Among the names of those who thus ask the Legislature to reenact Slavery in the Empire Scate for the convenfence of our Southern brethren, I noticed these of Richard M. Hoe, R Hoe and Co., Charles Leland of the Metropolitan Hotel, Delmonico, Tiffany & Co., the Park Bank, and nearly all the merchants of Warren and Chambers streets. ?BARBARISM IN ST A TE PRISONS.From the Annual Report of tbe Inspectors of State Prisons, just out, I gather the following facts relating to punishments: '•P»ifo*>. No. of inmates. No. of Punishments. Sin^ Sing....••.•••«•«••..••.....1,238 501 Auburn...... 811 197following resolution: \:--m Rewired, l h a t the Democracy of Connecticut sends to Vjr-jrinia fraternal rt-zards, cocgratulatSng the Old Dominion on a%m. < fffctnal nwDncr in which she rappreeaed the AboUtion•mnrnmj! of her soil, initiated to disturb bur rights and nhed the b*ood*C heTcitizens. . . .This resolution was received wi^h vocixerous ap-. plaufft, but action upon it was postponed.Calling tbe list of counties was then resumed, \xrtC shortly afUrwards interrupted by the introduction of a resolution that the Democratic members of the General' Assembly, whose counties were not represented, be invited to talus seats in the Convention. j ,Ibis was eAtonglj opposed, and great confusion fol- lowed. ' • , |, ,;; -s Shouts of ":Or<3er, order;" "Sit down, sat down,^&LC, were beard from all points of the hall. "*\ Wht-n order was somewhat restored, the Committaeon Organizalion reported Oen. Robert A. Banks Hi' Madison for President, and the usual number of Viee- Presidtnts and Secretaries. . I • ' -»A resolution about permitting other than delegated members to take seats in the Convention was die- cusBed most of the session.on the part of the House in making arrangements forthe inauguration of the equestrian Btatue of Washing-fected.Also, a resolution that the House deprecate the ex-ton, on the i!2d IUHL, trfiu taken up.Mr. PEARCE iDem., Sid.) moved to appropriate ample of the officers of the House appointing ex-mem-$7,iMH) to carry out the object of the resolution.After norne discnerion as to the appropriateness of tbe location selected by the President, Mr. HALE (Rep., N. H.) said if the Gorerninen1; had been unfor-bers of Congress to inferior places within their gitt as derogatory to the dignity of the House, and calculated to impair their influence with the country. Referred to the Committee of the Whole on the State of theThe reeolution.waa referred to the Poet-Office Com-mHtee.Mr. MORRIS'submittedlap r o p o s i n g ^ inquiry intotbe expediency of abolishing the armoriescounties, and members report their names and be pe*-and navy yardp.Britifch North American Provinces.Mr. W ASHBURNE (Rep., HI.) introduced a Riverand Harbor bilL and a billto amend the steamboat law; Mr. McCLERNANO (Dem., 111.) introduced a reso-New-York Excise Commissioners, and why no more than 351 licences were granted by them labt year.The bill to loll railroad freight wss ordered to a' , ArTKR^OON SESSION. -,fkj'„ ,, <*'",l*4$f Besoluhons of respect to the memory of' B» TjL Floyd were adopted, and eloquent eulogies ptcmoonceCthird reading by 16 to II, after being amended so as t:> the> introduction of the Wyandot Constitution. Tie lution having in view the better protection of the rights exempt tbe Oswego and Syracuse, and WatertownMr. ANDERSON (Dem., Mo.), made a speech,Mr. R. S. KELSEY thought New-York should takethe lead in this reform, and not wait for other States Committee having rieen and reported progress for theThe following is a copy of the bill introduced by Mr. GROW (R*p., Pa.),yesterday:- N*TBIBCNE,\m.i «• FRIDAY^ FEBRUARY? WSKa •M :MY tV-m. resolutiontbe railroads to change their tariffs as often as onooevery five days, instead of once a month as mtheoriginal bill; one excluding the Long Island companyfrom the operations of the bill, and another strikingout the provision which permits private, unaggneved.partJee to sue railroad companies for violations ot theact, and pocket such fine as may be recovered; also.the provision which makes railroad corporations m allcases repponsrble for the acts of their agents or ser-vants who shall violate the provisions of the proposed upon' bi«« life and character. ", law. . Adispatch was then read from the Connecticut T>cii»- PROFOBAI. TO RE-ESTABLISH SLAVERY IN NEW-YORK. ocratic State Convention at Hartford, embracing theMr. FARNSWORTH (Rep., HI.) offered a resolution. oysters.On motion of Mr. FIERO, tbe Chair was author- instructing the Committee on Foreign Affairs to inquire ized'to appoint a Committee, with power to send forinto the expediency of acquiring by negotiation the persons and papers, to inquire into the acts of therfufion.> . „/ .•.„.•.•. -.,, w , '/"„/; .:>i-- ••'••**a view of affording tim« to do so,that the Hou««, with evidence of conservative feeling and- friendliness. reading is to be taken on the following Wednesday at to inquire and report, forthwith, to this douse, whether any,the concurrence of the Senate, should adjourn for two The South would never submit to the enforcement of 11 p. m. ,weeks. that party's principles, which, if they were reduced to The House then agreed to adjourn over from to-mor-Tbe resolution was referred to the Committee of the practice, would disrupt all the ties and ligaments rovtr until Thursd«y, tbe 23d inet.Mr. jrCCKER moved to order the bill Wajtbird son, fit. John, Savage, Servls, J. M. Smith, Speaker, atilson,-important witaesa. The majority are beliered to Mr. BINGHAM .{Rep., Ohio) introduced a bill A B I L L TO FKXVTWT TtlB RAXK UJT TKX i*KBT.TC liATTPH E T - Tracing, wbion was strongly opposed by Meaara. Taber, Taggart, Tucker, Van Alstyne, Varian, v^rmnye, Voor- Arrest for Abducting Free Ifegroeo-Tlie,American Convention. YESTERDAYAFTERNOON'SPROCEEDINGS.BI>;GHA3ITON, Thursday, Feb. 16,1860.The Committee on National Orgaaization, by i&eir—a port on being in favor of an unconditional aboli- tionofthegallows,wnileotherspreferredtoreporta bill making two degrees of murder, one punianablewading, as follows: iA S A</r to levy and collect tolln on freight nasuing over the a provision, in ca*es of murder in the first degree, thatFund shall require, and the said Cousrnis&iouers are hereby authorir.f-.d to nr«scribe the manner of such' payment, and to enforce the collection of the same by an action at law.The State Central Committee was then api icinted bytho Convention, • and measures were adop ted for a mikke the statements, pay the tolls, and perform the other duties. -Russell Bullock for Lieutenant-Governor, a id Waiter YEAS—Messrs. Abell, bell Ferry, Klero, Gees, Hammond, S. Burges for Attorney-General. Elieha VL Potter, Ketchom. Lttph&m, McGraw, Moat(«omery, Muiiroe, P . P . Mur- Alfred Anthony, Geo. ll. Browne, Edward F. New- phy. Preiser,'Roto, Sessions, Truman. Waruer—17.1*ROVIDJ:NCE, R. L, ThureUay, "Feb. J 6,1860. The Democratic State Convention was he d here to-urn hereby repealed.SBC 5. This act shall take effect on the 1st day of April. 1860.l^sted election ea»e of the H i d Congressional District tercoorpe between them, and directing the Committee i m WHARF AGE.«f New-York. Mr. Williamson, the contestant, made on Foreign Aflairs to inquire into the expediency and Rhode Island Conserrativc State The Wharfage bill, of which I sent you an abstract present law. The tendency of the proposed enactmentwharf and shipowners, and provides for a small in- Mr. Wiley spoke against tae bill—a measure which zo serve ban with a notice, the cootescaot is out of tural ase manufacturing products of the two countries servatives opposed to tho Republican nomitu itions. It crease in the rates of wharfage, and provides for he was sure was no* demanded by the farmer, tho me- Court and cannot be heard on the merits of his case, free of eitht r import or export duties, and the free was not largo, 11 towns out of the32 not being repre- dredging the Blip * and keeping the wharves and piers chanic, or tbe merchant. It was the money-lender who- Mr. PET'i IT .Ron., Ind.) offered a resolution in- Congress. Tbe ease was then postponed until Tuds- structing the Committee on the Judiciary to inquiredav next. The Committee will ask for the apooidt- me'nt of a Commission to take testimony, so that theforce as a potte ••ommuafuK in tbe Territories.MT. MORRIS (Dem., III.) introduced a bill to amendH A H V A X , N. S., Thursday, Feb. 16, i860. ciue law in that city. Mr. Spinola opposed it on the The adjourned meeting of the Nova-Scotia Tele- ground that the investigation is unnecessary, and thates*e may be decided or. its merits.Two hundred and fifty-six bdJs and resolutions mere-bill, which wa* referred to the Judiciary Committee, ter S. Burgess for Attorney-General. The candidates to estabhfch and regulate pa^er circulation of uniform lor Secretary of State and General Treasurer are thevalue tb»orfj»r»nnt tne United States.THE NEW-YORK EXCISE COMMISSIONERS.Mr. Fiero to day offered a resolution for the raising of a Committee of three, with power to send for per- sons and pBpors, to investigate the action of the New- Toik ExciBe Commissioners in relation to the gruntingThe Assembly reassembled at 7 p. m.Nearly ten punishments per week in Sing Sing, four in Auburn, and the eame in Clinton, with half as many convicts t s Auburn! Whence this disproportion? TheMissouri, who had jubt addressed.toe Houss, feel provision for "the paymen<rof such of the old P>lice Briggs, Burns, Bush, Butler, Cadweil, Callicot, Carter, D. Clark, ing been made in this respect by the Constitution ofof tin; Government and.aaminister it on Republican principles.The Committee rose, and the House adjourned.amendatory of the act regulating the compensation of CfclT XO ACTUAL MSTTLKKri FO& T « « Y%AKlj rn.QX 1HH TIMa I ARCS", GOVER, and A. SB11TH. and advocated by hees, Wa£h, vVt-bster, WUtsy, Williams. Yeury.—88.It essrs. JA YNES. COOPER, and TUCKER. Before taking the question, the House adjourned.f txa Our Own Correspondent.AXBAN-T, Thursday. Feb. 16,1860.TOLLING EJLILKOAns.Mr Callicot moved that the bill be laid aside untilp: ovisions, and as it is a very impartial bill,.I Bend it entire,asitwasorderedtobeengrossedforathirdquired to levy and impose the aiuue rate* of toll upon all prop-erty transported hereafter npon *he New-Vork Central ltailro»dfrom the tirat day of April to the first day of Ducouu>or in] eachyear »»they do open the canals of the State; and during thegame time the said Board is authorized and required to impose has resulted in the State of Maine where it has been in tolls npcu all property trauapexled from tide-vrater upon (he.Nfw-'kork and >/Tie Railroon ceotineo to the City of Buffalo to Suspnnaion Bridge, and to Dunkirk, beyend Port Vincent, and oiug to pointa and places out of the State through the last twoalaces. andnamed places, and npon all property transported from Buffalodtatined to the City of New-York or tide-water, and upon all property.'from Dunkirk or Suspension Bridge, produced in or coming l'rooi other Statea or Canada, and destined to the City of New-"i ork or tide-water ;• but no -oil* ahoil be charged upon tivoforce for ten or fifteen years.Sue. 3. If oither of the said roau» shall rtfuic or neglect toetieete of the City of New-York.,.«>a •, .'.1'.y't1-,.•. fortbeJriendeofHenryA. Wise.! J • -'-;<i w ^Clinton*.....,.................... 426l*nlTbe excitement thus occasioned was intense, and. poration of New-York to raise, by loan, from time to kinds of punisbmerit are dark cell, shower-bath, tbe noise deafening. - | . ,Mr. Jaques of New-York roee to a question of privi- aalege, ativ f ^ r t d f following resolution, with a few prefatory remarks:Resolved, That a Committee of five be appointed by the ChaLf, and if any what, attempt has been made to influence by corruptmean* tbe vote or action of any member of this House upon the Pro-Rata freight bill, and that said Committee hare power to send krpersons and papers.I The Spenker then repeated what he had said, as published in THE TKIBCNE yesterday morning.] 'Mr. Starles moved to lay tbe whole subject on the table, which motion was negatived, 28 to 88, as folio W8:YEAS—Messrs. B. Allen, Borden, Conkling, Cook, Couch- man, Evans Finch, Fniler, Hal], Johnson, Kennedy, Ir*w, Mc-Lost, and Mr. Jaques's CAPITAL PUNISHMENT.Until within a few days it was supposed that the Judiciary Committee of the Assembly, to whom had been reierred a large number of numerously uigned petitions asking for the abolition of the death penalty,with death and the otuer with imprisonment; bat withMr. Barnett was opposed to any change in theMr. Spinola to-day reported from the Committee onInsurance the bill incorporating the Now-York Rail- ing wedge lor the sweeping away of all laws regulating known. Several cases of ty£e were destroyed, aud *v , .roadandsteamboatInsuranceCompany.ItmakesJ. the'intereatonmoneywhichtheywoulddemand,per- hand-pressbadlydamaged.Insuredforf^OOOinthsiMr. Fayne of Fauquier, ChHurmao, which is a tnomp*Subfequently the death of Rush Jftoyd was a»* nounced, when the Convention adjourned till 4 p.Bu' www.fultonhistory.com 