 ,parently waiting in a etoie for a friend, are busy-withtheir wax, and.use their eyes to take observations ofthe premises. " My Moll was the keenest gal as ever(ivos, but she's cocked her toes, and gone to glory now, " and I never.shall run agia another like her." The skeleton key once fitted, and tbe habits of the occn pan's learned, the " screwsman" can enter the place at his lfcifeure. He seldom carries off a large quantity of-goods at a time, as tbey would at once be missed, and bis, future hop*s dashed to the ground. He con- tents himself wiih entering the store a; thort intervals and "weeding it out" by taking a single piece of val- uable goods from a large quantity of the same kind.rIn tliis way he is enabled-to carry ol!' $.>0 or $100worth at a time without its being missed, and the oper- ation xnay,be repeated whenever the stock is replen- ished, bis skeleton key admitting him at anytime. '! I haTe screwed a place as many as twenty times, and got aPmuch as §5,000 wortlt of swag afore it was found out." -Our merchants thus lose thoueands of dollarsmade known to the police. ' „ . , A young girl, who had locg been a faithful servant in the family of an up-town merchant, came to him on* day in great distress, and told bim that her own brother had threatened to " show her up" as a thief unless she confiented to aaeiet in robbing him (her employer). ..Onlearning that the girl B brother desired her to so leave tbe place at night that he could enter and rob it, the gentleman proposed tbat she should appear to accede to the plan, while atrap was laid to catohthe burglars. First obtaining a promise tbat her brother should. be let off as-easily as possible when caught, the girl con- sented to act-as denred. By following ihe instructions given her, el:chad the burglary so:arranged that two robbers were caught in the house, while her brother, who was stationed as an outside sentinel, was allowed to escape. We are happy to record tbe fact, howeverj- that this Earne worthy brother was recently appre- hended for another burglary, and is now under an en- gagement to do the State five years' service at Sing Sing. As a general rule, the " b a d Btreak" which, makes burglars of the boya runs through the whole family, making prostitutes of the girlp, so that it re- quires very little persuasion to induce the one to assiet the other. '.-.•' : .Burglars are not exclusive in their society, and con- sequently have no haunts peculiar to themselves. They associate with pickpockets, sneak thieves, receivers, and rogues of all kinds. There are.numerous drinking places in this city where an honest man seldom ven- tures, bnt where this mixed asee nblage is especially at,A NOKTBERN MAN AND WOMAN KUNG.From The Canton. (W.) RegitUr, Oct. 23.The reader will remember that a few wefeks .since •we stated, on the authority of a letter received'at Pair- view, tbat Dr. Shreeves and Mr. Poster, with their fiimilies, had been warned hy the rufiians who hold away in Texas to leave that State, and were making preparations to return to Illinois. On Thursday last Mr. Win. Bybee, a resident of Texas, well known to manyofourcitisenaasadealerincattleandhorse?,ly unfastened, the goods transferred to. the custody more men; The women are exceedingly useful in dis-10ffE^^Ote IMH^^.. aAoar.nrxt t ni SUte in th* C\. iDt«re«i inT i e Execu- Ki«bol«« Ti--.t, at '6 o clo<k- 'L O O K Ocf warned oorj tt*n enkr.01try pereoti etand he ehasge fori •which bav»..the notice25 to 3« >« dre«eed, g^t.^ incbet hi^hNew-Er< tice by givlr-be"thebaseu»r*»et rxee4is excfrenjfnt spe*k. B«t «rx-ke a few But on Sato' Mason's rttr young, and <.*o wy a few Albany, v r„ «4?»hsrt th*» rul h*ggtdpar<ic "whenaw< 1o*d, harah •wiih a ton*? attend tbu, t_-inyself, and U spirit ot God1 eay"that—t-ntcloteof the ard tbe :#j woroau'edeader.THK CAPI| ney Water n{ new capitai beeavs'*'ri.-i under (he, object wap v.had no doubt I -it to be, a m< bj indirectictaualyaia cf ti not obferre no punUhxce-dtgree."To the Editor <SIR: IDdar, u to why i^*1 S^wiosu wf SE« of the for thei-eq^^,,,liama having i ho WM hkxXn daring Us ir.r-rTbe fin« of J t«nn of hi> *ix •nrencfiteuig''And'the fof of. "family, upenwi hi* profr.iw t« e of IU ci&cultj.NewrYork. ijr.ARREST OPTCDBf m»0. l£> d Ottectiro CtmU firm of Qaick t 44.SCa. Itapj^c doalenb act-- • lDce to boy * aot< note for neviy ti Of it. Sfid tppiopr notoViry tfceta*' self toddfoljpod•ptnd it ia fj4t gamblicg iell* of chbBc**cfthe rv tine* H» sm .t 17hi* mot*j f«-r zva. whrdjibofillrwli Heityvttai c>n the toner of Brr • «rt- • Here tfcr gat Harry befan :i pit»E of whli'n wiu'u proprietor of the boo io the KatnbUr; t%i nerofrVnceaod Mfaro Hianeztviitt the oomor of B r. ad « hi* faftrite nn?e. pcrieoc* it/yo -•>. No1Anttn*-. bThe «rhdm'» w< vresisf. and wv ?*. tbaabove-MK-rc p>thewamcU be-, a •notoneoflb-».• -.' Keither htt tbe tin ehorns^ude tg&ai todyofOfiVo'' H >ptioced bate bees ic ' acd Jiutice S>Uy i wculdcauoabuaiAGRICULTURALSCHOOL.-.-•••RURGLARS* • •;_ m••"••;••;'•safety, Vut.I never hurt Vm, thoingh they vae skeeredaction would be besttbe evening was spenttions, by certain wri»ers, inZeituvgf The maids Zeitnng, anjd The Abend Zeitvrif?, and in caDing upon Meesrs. J!^XOW , Rwter, aDd the Managers of tbe Tumverein personally, to substantiate tbeir objections. These ge atlemen did not appew. Tbe objections made bv them consisted in de- nouncing the Committee for sending Mi. Otto Revest- low to Italy while ->oJittle cafh w»s in' the treasury. Mr. Strove, Mr, Edward Kappf, Mr. jKopp andse\- ejal others delivered addresses.WHERE SHALT, t ADVERTISE?—We ^ere asked thw quftstion yesterday, coupled *iththe declaration thai THETRIBUNEchargedsomuch,$125alineforeach insertion in the Weekly, tbat be who aiked the que% tion could not afford to advertise in that. Perhaps not. It depends upon w^bat he wants td advertise. If itissomethingthathewishestomakeknowntothe mapees all over tbe New-England State*—all over the middleStates—&11overthewestern States, Californii hnd Oregon, included, and to a liaxiced extent iu the Slave States, then be can afford to ad'ertise in THE DAILY, THE SEMI-WEEKLY, ah'<i THE WEEKLY Tain- .NEU. Jym us see Here is a caee: D D. T. Moore, editor and proprietor of TJie Rural Ifrw. Yorker, a weekly paper, published at Rochester, ! Te w-York, ha»"S»e Agricultural loetiute of Beaavais was foundedtronage of tho Prefect, the Bishop, the Deptrtiee of thecording to the yield in gram, starch and gluten.Of Indian corn he exhibited 26 varieties, 12 only of which are worth cultivating in the latitude of Paris. These are, in the order of their j ield, Whi'.e Corn of Salncee, G»ant Caragua, Red, Early of Saluces, EarlyTuecarora, Hybridized Quarantine, Dog-toothed, Yel- low-tipped, Dwarf Saluces, Red-tipped, Horae-txrtb-xl, and Quarantine, a list Wherein our English nanea are •lightly travestied. Tne mean yield per acre wa* 106 feuebels. Toe New-Holland corn grew to the highr. of from ten to fifteen feet in particular land. By soaking the seed-corn for twenty-four hours in a solution of icdme in alcohol, or in alcohol alone, its germination is hastened, so that, instead of requiring ten or fifteen days to cenne up, as dry seed does, it will come up inthree or four days.Of potatoes there were 64 varieties. Only the late varieties now offer any chance of success since the very general potato-rot. Of 21 varieties of beets, ths nwaa jioldwas twenty-three tuns per acre, wnile that of the beet variety rose to forty tuns The most produc-the place that was |to be broken into, <iacertain the gerous thvii tbe "cracksmen.": Their mode of opera- habits of the cccupa its and the various caodtjs of ici-. tion is flhnpy to obtain a wax impression of theTHE NEW-YORK EVANCE-MCAT, ALLIANCE.—This and properly advifcinc: the people thereof. Tnus byArrived from that State, and brought to the friend -i of 3P*irview the melancholy intelligence tbat Dr. Shreeves and Mrs. Poster had fallen victims to the spirit of oiu- jrage which runs riot in Texas.The two families, it seems, had complied with, the .ruthless command expelling them from their homes, and were on their way toward this State, when theydence,, No. 48 Bond street. Iris!man, 29 y>ars of age, was locced up in the Mr. Joseph W. Corlies, formerly a leading auc- S ation-House for examination../" WJ | FRENCH«T3BKTiuatwsr*produce«fromCotmo* the follow-feg aooomnt of the exhibition of the Normal Agriculta-y*2 Imtftut* of Bsanvais, made at the late National •<Vn«ntr< &Agriculture in France:lice courts and prisons, we have been thrown.in •his leisure, takeB bis time to select such articles as he fa 1858 by the aid of the OoTornmont and under the pa- contact with a good many of these people, pos- may desire, ard having packed them up, parses themaid of tb* revolutionists, and the manner in which sueh.- -eietiea. >Ito object* are, first, to give theoretical an4 it may seem, though society insistei that it was ^«ctical*natrnctJontoboy»ofl5or less who wish to its duty to confine t eee persons within stone walls •<tovote themselves to agriculture; and, secondly, to and iron bars, like so many wild beasts Of prey,< fceepare young men, from 18 to 20 years of age, for ag- there was not one of them who didf not regtrd<rfe«&«r*l professorships in lyceunw, colleges, semina- himself as a greatly persecuted man. We can give*ie«,i»imarynormalschools,andwhereveritmaybo nobetterideaofthisclass,andtheirmodeof•ycssJble to establish a course of agriculture. The operation, than by reporting the substance of aThey not ratfteqmntly have a " t r a p ? (horse and4wagon); ' round the corner," into which they stowtheir-pljrrrder and themselves, and rapidly d r i w from the tceneof their exploit.Still another method by which the cracksman secures theohjfjct.ofhisambition,isbyassuminganeighborly •character. He will rent a room adjoining or over the place he desires to' enter, and ^there take up histhe knee, and his bead and body a complete mass ofwounds and contusions.^ Bravely he bore bis injuries,and wfcile the Hospital surgeons were doing whatthey.couldtorelievehim,butexpectingeverymomentto BCOhim breathe his las';, he Coolly turned to one of tween 100 and 200 waiting their turn. At the natural- them, and asked bim if he thought he'd go lame wheative variety of carrot*, of which 12 varieties were ex-hibited, yielded sixteen tuns to the acre. Of 23 varie-ties of turneps cultivated, the beat gave twenty-two. coppers." By daylight the burglar was well on his tons per acre.been sent after a change of clothes. By this cowardly . Church, the fint place of worship of,the Wesleyans in and scoundn-Jly operation he has cause i a great d<>al ofiwere overtaken by their persecutors, and Dr. Shreeves houee more to gratify a propensity for n, alicibus mis- and Mrs. Poster summarily secured and hung to a tree. chief than to profit by a robbery. These blunderersJ£r. Poster and the remainder of the two families escaped.We get the news from Dr. Sbreeves of Pairview, a' nephew of tbe Dr. Shreeves above referred, to, and who has so doubt as to its authenticity. He says I£r. Byhee was a friend and neighbor .of his uncle's, and anacquaintance of fifteen years' standing.No letters have been received from Dr.. Sareeves orMr. Foster for eight weeks, by their friends at- Pair- view, atirmmstance of fearful portent, as heretofore they have been promptcorrespondents. At no previous time have they permitted letters to them to remain so Jong unanswered.In oar sympathy lor the afflicted friends of these the reason vy I'm.in this ere blasted cage at this mo-THE BURTON SAi,E.--On Thursday night, at 11 o'clock this eale terminated, fifteen days having been.earth.We will remark, by way of explanation, that Dr.Shreeves was not only not au abolitionist, but we areInformed by bis connections at Pairview, was in favorand skillfully executed. In theee ca-ea some well- temptohs Bcorn of ahonorable cracksman—and yet I ha'Inthisarticleweproposeto folkwupOUTsketchof tionofusingviolence,andifitisofsufficientimportance those light comedisna of crime,, the Pickpockets, and wi)l watch \be place for weeks or months to kit upon to give acme account of the heavy busidees cf Burg- somefnigH when no-one is on. the lockout within.lary^ J>uring a long-continued daily visitation of no-, When this opportunity arrives, tbe burgl-ir enters atfiuchapproving words as, u He was arum ove," and " Isn't he a game 'un." , We have had hut one reaent cafio of plti«h of thie kind in a burglar, and he could not be called a professional one. This was young Murphy, who, being caught at night in a store in Bearl street, ascended to the top of the building and deliberately leaped to a roof some 30 feet below, and from ahere rolled to the pavement, about 20 feet more. He was taken tip by the policemen who were in pursuit of him with a compound fracture of one ihigh, the same leg broken below the knee, the other leg broken aboveMr. Cr. Vandenhoff annonnces hia last reading for to-night,>previous to his departure on bis Western lecture engagements at St. Louis and elsewhere.- • , ••••'' -.'LECTORE ON PHONOGRAPHY .—Mr. D. B. Mellish, short-hand reporter, will deliver a lecture on Phonog- raphy, at Dr. Trail's lecture-room, No. 15 Laight Btreet, this evening. He also proposes to open classes«on Monday for instruction in the Bystem, for which he is well qualified by his experience as a teacher.••"' »accoroplis -»ed. Moch of in refoting some objec- Tte Crhninalsessing various degrees of dexterity in t h i r des- out »o his " pal," who generally watches the street to sJkfMtaent,andthePretidentaofiuAgriculturalSo perateanddangerouscalliog. And,strange as•givewarningincasetheyarelikelytobesarpriBed.'theoretical portion of the course comprises agriculture, long conversation recently held with William Norton,•arfeoricultnre and sylviculture, rural engineering, lin- alias " Wiry Bill," an expert '-'cracksman,", who was abode. But it most be high game that he isization office of tbe Republican Central Committee there have been altogether nearly 4,000 applicants for naturalizationpapers;]atTammanyHallabout1,300.*«*rdesignandruralarchitecture,ruralUw,zootech- thuschristenedbyhisassociatesfromhislithenessof afterinouchacase,fornotonly-arehisex- '<• wy sandthe management of cattle, agricultural entomolo-limb-, his wiry and muscular'form, and bis peculiar dex- penses necessarily heavy, but this plan of Opera-he-got well. Murphy died of his wounds, but not tillseveraldayshadelapsed.Hewasaheavylosstotheburglarious profession, for though detected in, and It is estimated that there have been 1,500 others—mak-journey to the neit town, where the same operation Of barley, oats, beans and sorghos, there were alao a was gone through with! In this way he would arrive large number of varieties. The sugar-sorgho is com- in New-York with plenty of money, and here ho wouldAnnivereaTy of that interesting event will be com- — •—• memorated ihy in>er6f.ting services throughout theall the big cities. He would start at stated(crib." He had frierlds in all the?- places, who would inated ; " ecrewsmen"—those who enter houses by hailed, and in flour, and also separated aod classed ac-. " put up'' the jobs f;r him—thai is. they would sekc; m*ans of fal«;e keys—and they are perhaps, more dan-gress and egress, and exactly where the desirable goods -w-ore kept. I [e also foimd out 3ast what bolts it would be necessa-y to remove, or what window- shutters to force; <r if locks were to be overcome, he bad the rcqui ed skeleton keys ready fitted. Th;8 friend was generally a receiver of stolen gooris. When the prOfefsioiial gsmleman arrived at a place where work bad been"prepared for hixn, be was warmly received by his ff ieiids, and due deference p a d to his..well-known abilities. Not a night was allowed to pass in idleness,, however, for the time of the artist was precious. As soon as the peaceful citizene were fairly asleep he commenced bis labors, beir>g generally asripted by one or two re.«d~rjt robbeirs of his own se- h ctlon,. of second or third Tate ability. The required propfry once secured, the proceeds were dirided— the money equally, and "the receiver paying whai be chose far the goods stolen. Then the receiver ran bus little iLk, for his facilities for disposing of such articles to peddlers and" others were greater than at preeent.keys necessary to securo an entrance from whichskeleton keys are manufactmod. Impressions are ob-religious enterprise will be inaugurated at the Fifth- avenue Presbyterian Church to-morrow evening, when addresses will be delivered by the Rev. S. H. Tyng, D. D., the Rev. W. J. Hoge, D. D., and Wm. E. Dodge, esq.ma proper- uee of mind and money, The Rural New- Yorker baa not or ly become the leading journal of its class, but actwil'y attained a mach !• rgrr subecru- tion than any agricultural, religious, or i with a single excepti-iD) political weekly in the TJnicu Of coursano journal could have obtained such a < irculacion, ia- flueice arjd position, without combining many elements of popularity and us^fuirese, and pofa* esing superioe merit—bene, we refer all who desire an inimitable" Now, 'aif of these 'ere fences is only eacklers for the-CHURCH•worth of goods in tbe course''of a. year, but never know their loss* s till they come to take an inventory pletely acclimated at BeauvaiJ, where it ripeoe at the remain nnd spend it in gambling and riotous living,' of stock, when an' entry in their ledger under the . end of September or in the first week in O:tober. It persistently refusing all work tiH "the bones run head of " Profit and Loss.'' tells tho result. Large grows ten feet high, and the yield varies from twenty- cross" with bim and his money had disappeared. No' stocks; of' silk goods have been known to run shortACCIDENTS.—Yesterday afternoon I atrick Clare, a conducted by the pastor, and preaching at 10i[ o'clock laborer, living at Greenpoint, while a^ work on a ne TTbuilding in Nineteenth stieet, near avenue A, was se- riously hurt by the falb'ng of a large derrick upon hiaau.five to thirty tuns per acre. Cut green about; the iaot chance work was dor e by the skillful burglar. Time • $'20,000 in a single year.of July, it gives from ten to twelve tons of the bes>> fodder. The exhaustion from a good crop is eejial toand money were freely spent in acquiririg the requi- site knowledge in reference to the place that was to be robbed, and no precaution wis omitted that wouldAnother means by which burglars gain admiesion to a bnildipg «rhjeh they wish to rob, is termed " a plant." Having examined the premises, and prepared for action,As J icob Vlock was crossing the nilroad track in John Etxebt will be invited to speak of past associations Fourth avenue, yesterday afternoon, he was knockedthat from three crops of wheat.The mttmovrc accompanying this exhibition contains guard against a surprise. Then a. #ood '•cracksman"down by a locomotive and badly injur id. He'was re- moved to St Luke'e Hospital.mconsiderable number of analyses of soils, and of pro- ducts, and still more is promised in a new edition.The entomologicalcollection of Hf. Milhan Is newer, more original, and not lees interesting: In' a number e«T small pictures be has arranged the insectJ injurious to agriculture beside the rains which they canKe. Ac- companying it is a large collection of the eggs of birds-which deetroy these insects, and which it is the interestscorned to lift bis hand to accomplish a*y other-species of roguery. "Now ve is hofcen obliged to stoop to knncking or shoplifting to get a l'rvin', on account of the Irishers, wot his a cutting of ne out of our honesbcallin'." ' .At the preeent day the English'burglars perform avery small proportion of the house-breaking done here. A8 with all other branches of purely mechanical roguery, the majority of operators aro " Irish-Ameri- cans "—young men born in this country of Irish parents. They are not regularly trained- to the business, but break into a dwelling-house or J store, withouw, any positive knowledge of its) contents. A majority, of this class are, more properly speak-Ing," sneik thieves—half-fledged rascals who prowl about the streets ready to steal smaiharticles from store-doors, break into an unoccupied dwelling, or snatch a penny-whistle from a. two-year-old baby," and them chaps to call thesselves cracksmen—the imperence". Occasionalywehearofsomeburglary committed on an occupied dwelling by two or three of this class at a time, in such cases the operators are almost invariably drunk, and, having set out upon a nighfscrnipewithoutany definite object in vie w, and be- coming reeklees from the use of liquor,' break into athey will contrive, duriog businefs hours, to secreteone of [their number somewhere about the place—in abox, a [barrel, up the chimney, ;| or wherever it is possi- home. All who patronize thesft bars, from the land-inccunection with this ancient place of worship. TheRev, Heman Bangs is expected to pieride. The even-ing service will consist of a general prayer-meeting at Patrick HenIon, a boy 13 years of' af e, fell fnm the«f farmers to protect./ .OBITUARY.—Capt. Silas Holmes, an old and much- heard a cry of "Watch," and saw a man running respected New-York merchant, died yesterday inom- away. They gave chase, and soon srcc**d«d in cap-ber latt tbe pri. irfrais cupel. > di iHitbafwae. toe Censer» kt of o!o guilty t« WkfcvihPOO:B D? MIFreAwkk 8R*VI prfc.it-* No Vn\ perato habit*.: m^ p<itdt«h«wr»»iMary-earr, i& day tsea&Kia)A ot Fity-fiftfc ,tr» died froiL iz:.-...pFATAL A<Cold an ir-q-z^. t »: 6chn*td«T. a Gee* kilied octtepi~* WM etr.pi4;c<i « fcaodliBcac&ebtJi A Ttrdictof" AceH.S.E.T:;ECoTH* 051 Honored wiPhetOCTpr* <A xiew at Bridyp GCopWi in **tcf GalJery cpea WHe«a.J.OraMTH. R.H.tfceFrt Cail^ry oc S*rsr-J»: wiUgoontoE»;»to.H..-B.-H.GrxVai By RoT&i d<'- n WeoEe*dJiv.fot b •f \Voi«andSat.Frisco and ro7»l fliej havejn»t h.tv •oryby tho Pri^c* w«rd cf a thouja JalaCO. iThe pictnro* w\ timo, ,tb« publfc t on the Yi»ito:v' &GAS. GAS, Ctorv, mton:ci:-<ittuisc Itepot, No.The Si.vjui:.4o*it!ea err at B A XSti. JfOOtPH »>'0<A T K V A X :Black aadJacvT.C: Black «ud Fa. vr | BJ»ck«idF*cj r Caa»im«r«, Feit. oa G o < d b l « \ Cloth 1 Fine PWk.Clot!>.k*Super Black Cloth C»*»iia«r*. Pilot. * Black Cloth, Dco4 Kioicr C»»«un*ro, Jv RiclA'eWet «*t«CaKaircwroVoei*-., Caoiiuicru Suiu UMSDICAt-.— the colebrated S*« •ndY.MoTT. .ftb nod all vtbor due*)« « Broadway, coir. •Toning. Cot.tuit^if?»k Kroiy AMORE HANGING INTEXAS.^ingat East Greenwich, R. I., in the 76th year of hisIt wa» then ascer pitied that theirare treated with the utmost scorn and contempt by thelegitimate burglars, who rejoice aj much a3: honestpeople when they are punished. - Not only do theseyouthful aspirants j for burglarious honors bring' the. the knowledge he obtains for the benefit of himself and blush of shame to tbe cheek of the skillfnl artisj, butthey destroy his chances for successful operations intha neighborhood. Oncein a great while a first-classcracksman will be found in .company of this kind, but 'em sweat for it•'.' " ; , itis only when he has run out of money and credit,.and has been made drunk for the occasion—''that's— • las1,night drewworn at Valley Forge. $63; Talma's R<?p?wer, pre-WashingtonMartha Washington hall' DU«i«;.... / $17 oo. eoglo ]9TOi-^-, T « ^ United Suiteiment, just 'cause I vas a bass and got luahy."martyrs to the'eauje of free labor, we have no disposi-tion to bestow upon . the authors of this enormouscrime, those denunciations which their guilt deserves."•Vengeanceismine,"saiththeLoxd,andthessruffian murderers cannot escape the malediction which more important ones, however, are long contemplated he within reach. " Sich coves ia beneath the con- made- Cain a wanderer and an outcast upon tneCent»,The burglaries that are committed now-a-days are secludrid avenue, watch their opportunity to jump mostlydoneinthishap-hazardmanner.Someofthe throughanopenwindow,andcarryoffwhatevermayniture, which eloped the *ale, .went off at extremelyJT93, Lfbortj Cup Cont. *1? 5f P-tS. Proof C«nt $fi OObanks of Vermont makes the following sensible sug- who, if any one, iloops in the store, what his habitsgestion in bis uessag»|to the Legislature. He says: are, and whether he is supplied with firearms or not. parents! of these boys who are responsible for theirdangerously close to it. His duet with Formos, in the first act, was . splendidly eung, re-1886,flvirv^Wg]e»Uv; D< 1' lariGobrect),'fin6JpW>of.$32 C21S5I, pattern Ct»ot, la <>r>»p«-r. . . . , » . .C (V) 4. 'XI2 S39 503 "Oi\ In the exercise of that fostering care which it be- He arranges all the preliminaries for the successfulcrimep, 'for, by turning them loose into the streets at a tender age, and requiring them to procure in any way, articlesltbat will sell, tbey virtually educate them inU o U r , Tbrce-Ceut4omee the Legisiature ever to maintain over the indus- trial interests of the State, I respectfaUy invite your attention to the question of providing for an Agricul-accomplishment of tlie burglary, and when all is ready, notifies the burglar whom he selects to do the job.tural-Bureau, or Board, of Agriculture, having for its "Vy, I've gone more'n a thousand miles' to help a. theft. kOnr Police Courts are flooded daily by these of gfinins which enables her to surmount natural ob- object the collection of statistical and other information cove, ard not stop iu the place vere the job vas doneTho sule, of niuety-.-*ij: copp-ir coats amounted t> $281 17, and forty-ei^ht half ceuts to |K15» Eigit hundred and one lots brouc ht $2,057.mFriuiiEU REsroNsxs —rbo following sums 'addi- tional bftv« boon r<*cwlv«»d for the M'uWoU Widow, v',&:xala'ing to Agriculture, to be embraced in annual xe- more'n three hours.'' The .burglar having arrived, young rogues, who-are arrested for stealiog trifling stacles, and to rise above those who are really her vo-porte, tor distribution throughout the State. ' It is not artideslnot one half-of whom are punished for their <t<*irable that such a department should bo made ex- he applies his jimmey, his bitand augur, or suih othercal superiors. Performances'like those of laat night pensiveto the State. Little need be required except tools as it may be necestary to use, and soon gairje ad- offensesl Eitlier the complainant does not wish to show that she possesses the strength which comest o provide for the salary of ita Corresponding Sscre- mission to the premises. -The robbery effected, he isfrom a deep, warm . nalure, and she consequently draws her audience to her, gradually but surely. They- }v„ \ Lady...Tojtttl*•iion of iie youthful days in State Prison, and haV.no for his fiaupidity in getting'canght. Thus, from beggars place to speak in cpmendation of her elegant costumes,ANNUAL MEETING OP THV. PIIISON TVEEOUMATORV ASSOCIATION.—Tho Executive Committee- of thisi beiovobnt Society bavo irsrn^d a call for t>.sir anul- Vfrpyi-y meefiugio l>e hold in thiu city in November.TT TC«» T"iHbrought to thfe-ecttffold, his amhition was to appear to Bummati'' He does not enter into a job with the intna- advantage before the crowd, and hear them murmur*gy,physfcsandchemistryappliedtoagriculture,natural terityin overcomingallobetaclea'intheprosecutionof tion take's much time. Having secured his room, losinghislifeby,hisfirstattempt, yet that one bold ingatotal of 6,800. Sometimespapers arapresented<«%ist©ry, botany and geology, and agricultural economy his business. , the at once-makes the acquaintance of the peopleachievement endeared him to bis fellows.generally. The practical instruction comprises the- vcsore and use of tools, instruments ai>d agricultural ma- shines, the principal operations of culture,gardening,the conduct of trees, &c. The school has answered to a seed universally felt; the excellence of the instructaoaandoftheeducationreceivedinthenewInstitutehas Vten tested by'the most competent judges, and now there are arriving at Beauvais, from n»arlyall theprovinces of Fiance, hard-working young men, ani- dexterity of the rlo'lke ".though the coppers is a mated by the most earn* at spirit- ^ fitting nrghty fly'j a3 to the number of bunglers Thssxhibiiion of the School was unanimously-pro- who have adopted !the profmion. Time was wben : ncurced to be one of the most ins'mctiveand brilliant the art of house-breaking was almost monopolized •f ihe C&ucourx. It comprised, firsts specimens of vari- by his own countrymen, and whenever an En- ous crops raised en the farm de li Fonderie, in the De- glish burglar found London too hot for bimvhc was partmentofthsMeuse,underthedirectionof3£.Goe- "sureofthrivinginAmerica. Tbentherewassome sin; secondly, a collection of experimental results senee in being a burglar; tb.9 first-claps men were'amiliar with the clerks through the agency of cigarsExcellent facilities for robbery are often extended to burglars by servant girls. Some of these aro confed- erates through inclination, while others are made so hy fear. The former are generally mistresses of burglar3, and go out to service simply to render val-made hy M. Marie, from 1855 to 1S60; and thirdly, an entomological collection applied to agriculture, by M-X ilhan.M. Marie's experiments were exceedingly interest-ing. In wheat, he commenced wi;h 225 varieties, which he reduced to 40, ard then to 32 and to 26, and "which r e will probably wdnce hereafter to the 10 fol- lowing: Bine, White Essex or Sootcb, Zealand, Ne*- Hollacd, St. Laud, Mesnil St. Firmin, Hague, Hea- •england, Htckling. and Ely Giant. Of td>e 26 varie- ties exhibited, hehad specimens in the milk, in grain,looked up to as much as they are now looked do <vnupon. There was not a pickpocket or sneak-thief in lets himself, into the place, and , secures sue';* of that innocent eervant girl, and it would require thocame again, and went through the forms which madeWilliam is an Englishman, and was recently whom lie contemplates robbing. He gradually insinu- captured ;n this city, and held for trial, for being en- ates hme«-lf into their good graces, and becomesard they will ictarn tbe compliment by occasionally pays that his calling is now nearly destroyed, ow- vi.iting; bis room. Having thns established friendlywhich were made out in the interior, presenting strangeerrors: as, for instance, thoee showing that a mai hasbeen required to swear away his allegiance to the Kingof Germany, the Emperor of HCBEO Cases!, <fcc Oneapplicant Eaid, " I have been in this country tweu'yyears, and have always voted the Democratic ticket."uableassistancetotheirparamours. Nothingiseasier "Thenwhydoyou.takeoutyourpapers?" ?VIh»ve thereputation<fbeingapret'yshr>wdsortofagaged in an attempt at burglary. We shall ocoaoion-:ally give hie own laDguoge, marked by .inverted com-j and champagne; If the clerks eleep in tne store, he mas, as an illustration of the lingo un which people of will incite himstlf to chat with th*m in the evening,bisprofessionholdsintercoursewitheachother. Heing not so much J to the increased vigilance and relations with them, he readily obtains what •informa- for them than to forget to lock tho basement door or toaken them out once, but I think it is better to takehem out a se?.ond time." On the 15th of October a man presented himself at Mr. Wermerskirch's offi^je with his first papers, showing th at he was a Prussian.hueinese-man, and bis.o-vn paper la- a circaJa'ioa omewhat brger tban any other sea»i-9grieuUuralu•plunder as' ho m a y ^ desire. In the morning when he would be crsidered smart enough to work the robbery is -discovered, but the' perpetratorswish a scientific burglar. Thtm a skillful " oracksman" •thereof have disappeared, and a search of their used to have his regular engagements made for him in_ apartments reveals no trace of them save the hole theyunited efforts of all the household to make her aware him an American citizen. of the fact thai-the house bad-been robbed. Then shethe country who did not anxiously hope forthediywent through. I; will be subsequently ascsrtained periods .on a trip from New-Orieans andr tbat their elegant fnrx-iture was only hired by the conte North by tv.e Mi^aiesippi River, sto^pfng month for-the successful misleading of the neighbors.at various places along the route to "crack a Th*re is another class of burglars who are'denom-becomes vejy much alarmed, and . insists that she will not live fn a bouse visited by burglars; and the family may be thankful if it does not require a second appearance of the thief to frighten her away. Thoee who are intimidated into rendering assistance to burglars are mostly relatives. The very worst of men have kindred who would be respectable if allowed their own way. But the Bister of a burglar, for instance, knowing his evil ways, in endeavoring to shield him from harm, might easily so commit herself as to.be forever'atter in his power. This power he uses unscru- pulously, and compels her to. aesist Lim whenever heTAXES.—Yesterday the tax books of real estate taxes for this year were handed in to the Receiver of Taxes from the Supervisors for the Second, Sixth, Eighth, fourteenth, Fifteenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-first Wards. The receipts at the Receiver's office yester- day, on personal taxes and Crotoa water rental arrears,were: Taxes, $246,07147, with a discount of $1,- 698-63, leaving $244,372 84; Croton rental arrears, $83 95. Total, $244,456 79.tion he desires regarding the;p? emises, and has, meari- vtime, manufactuied from a wax impreseion a key that will unlock the safe. He now. sets to work and quittly cnts a hole through the ceiling, if his room is overhead, or the wall, jf it be 'adjoining. This will take him several nights, for te must not arouse tho clerksbynoisyhas'e. Havinggoteverythinginfasten t^e area windows; and he who has so often beenBpoken ofas " my cousin" is not slow to take advantageof her absent-mindedness. While visiting hi? ". CousinMary"—he has b*en "put up" to the-plate-closet,'so Said Mr; Wermerbkirch, "This will be a hard thingoumal in this conntry; yet be does not i iquirehall I advertise ?' Be decs it in THE TRIBUNE. He ot only tells.a great many people that he pub- lishes The Rural but be tells merchant sand manufac- turere who want to tell fanners what they have tosell, that Tlie Rural Net/;- Yorker ij a good medium to doitin. Soitis,webavofounditBO,Indhaveused ittoadvertiee that we pubH*h THE TRIBUNE. We- don't care what a publisher charges, so that he. gi^ea us tbe worth of our money. Mr. &[oore changes 35 ctn's a line, 8nd hie circulation makei, it cheap ad- verting. Wecharge$I25alineiu THE WEEKLY TRIBUNE, and it is cheap. It sounds hi*h, at first, but for that we print 220,000' lines We den't know tha circulation of The Rural. New-Yorker, but we know- that it pays us to advertise in it, and we preKume it p9iys Mr. Moore to advertise in THE TRIBUNE, or he w«u!d not use it. Be says: j" The extraordinary euccees of The R ura^has beea' achieved by expanding, during t h e p i s t ten years, thoueands of dollars upon tb« enterpriee. and in sys- tenaticadvertirirg—by m<jkin^ a first-class journal,tained freqr ently by women and bojs, who, while ap- needs her services. A case in point, was recentlyfriends. " I • va<» 'n honest man for more'n a month once in vou of them ri ivatiims, a vaitin'till all vas bob, but ven.I did ait a crack, Lord, did n't I makeGREAT COIN SALE IN PHILADELPHIA —yir. Levies, Nnmmnatirtt. of No. 904 Broul way, reports the folbV- ing list, of extra ordinary ) iigh prices for c-tinp, realisedThere are a fewyrang thieves called " Jumpers," who are not recognized as burglar's, but when caught, their offense is construed into burglary. These fellows are street-walkers, who, in passing through some" M a r t h a "ence to tbe Academy of Music where it was satisfac-torily-sung. The character of Plunke't is often calledFormes's best part, but it is not so. His strength lies Shakespeare's Mulberry Tree, $85. The Library fur-Piece*. '•*-v»hLioi5ton C ?nt, «4ir3eroutdie .$53 00A 'SILVER WEDDING—ELEGANT PRESENTS —To3 silver wedding anniversary of the Rev. Dr. Gillette nnd his ei timable wife, decurred a few evenings ago, at iteir residence, in Twenty-ihird street, between Fifth and Sixth avenues. Tne bridesmaid and groomsman at the marriage, twenty-five years ago, were presant, be- tides a.larj;e number of warm pergonal friends. Not the least agreeable feature cf the evening was the pre- sertatioh of-a splendid tea i?ot of ma?sive silver, by the. ladiss of the Church, besides muvy other uscfulart'- dep, arrcunting in value to about $1,000 or more, Tae doctor and hie worthy wife, with their interesting family around them, appeared quite as young and buoy- ant as half the bridal couples of to-day, and under the preservation of a kind Providence, have every pros- pect cf living to enjoy, with their ohildren, a Golden Wedding.-•»..iFRENCH BENEVOLENT SOCIETY .—The annual meet- ing of tLis Society took place last evening, at Delmon- ico's. . The following ollieera were elected for the ensuing year: President E. Qnelins; Vice-Presidents M. De Niepper and M. Turin; Treasurer.M.Devil-year past have been $4,264 59; and the disbursements —Cant. Echols, of the Topographical Engineers, has erire to run the risk of returning there. la all cases nnd " gutter -snipes " children of the street are made in which she displays an exquisite taste The.orc.hes-. 2,7-13 36.ibBy tested the Jitness of the camel for service i:i tho e is exceedingly careful to leave, an easy means ofknown receiver of stolen goods is the instigator, and done itlmyse.'f, and i s just .for that I'm scragged. I he spares no pains to obtain the" requisite information got shori o' chips and werry lushy, and vas coppedin regard to the " crib' to be ''cracked.'' " Ic's vi»h a thimble in my poke. It vas a dead beat, an1844, ProofITIS, Vt^hilaUolffVut..*.s 2'- riiw Tr^ Shullnx, apole-of Slavery, and was preparing to make investmeu's in alvays safer to vork vith a fence, cause they, is I'm booked for quod. But.I'll be satie/ied withbeing careful to observe where the choicest goods areGov. P AIRBA VKS AND AGRiCfj.Tt'RE;—Gov. Pair- kept, and bow'they are. secured. He will ascertain success! and urged on by junkdculers and receivers,JT87, M6«i*ct>iM>*-tt« C«wt.. 8 00 PinfTr*,* ShilUng, largotree'die'*..-. ^ 5 75 Pin.'-Tree Thre^p-u««*.*. Snegroes. When he left this btate he was a Douglas judges of swag, ahd vhen they is in the pool vy theythree |stretchers." This claes of robbers .are ing a Northern man, and coining from a section where can't cackle." He will take occasion to vielt the mostly [boye, Who commence by picking up old jnuk,jman. The only ground for disturbing him was.hia be-free white labor is respected. premises frequently, and to make various purchases and. in the pursuit of that are led to enter isolated * have' ever to avoid, and he ran' at timesPinojTree SMlllag »htub- o-Y'Uv... fiQoiinfftPlDe-TrioPeony.. S-f3 ooi.AmiapolnSliiLiSg, 17f5-;.. 8 00shops and manufactories, till at. last,- emboldenecTbythey arpindactdto. Btrike at higher game. It is the ceiving a merited encore. The chief triumph of theU. S. A. thirt«eti-bar CVnt. 9 251Kxpenmer.tol Piece*.prosecute such .youthful' thieves, or the magistratesltnd apjitying ear to the entreaties of sorrowingparento,his capture exceedingly difficult, and more frequently and dinmifis tbe children with-a reprimand. Even such very beautiful rendering of the principal air in thoaary and the publication of its reports."oil'again before daylight, his hasty retreat rendering. -Tne POPUXAXIOK or BROOKLYN'.—The entire popu- entirely diverting tuspicion from him. He will seldom an ar;est will not prevent the parents, in many cases, pera cauped an encore, in response to which she sang.lation of tie City of Brooklyn is 273,4251 whiexshowa ma increase of about 68,000 in five years...i*j,c. D.; s Pr*\ ioaslj ackiiowi»dgo4.. .44C. D1NS.MOKE, Ho. QSyruco Btr^dt.of all the Nations, was held last evening, at Metropoli- »nd all onicer« of Pxisojs Rcfjrmiatory S^ci^tied tan Hall, iu Hester street, tho object being to ascertain throtj^houtthe United Stsues:venture into a place where he knows a man is sleep- ng, for your skillful burglar -generally spends a por-Hfrtanza which aroused the heartiest enthusiasm in herdid not have a drop of water. On the day water was a noddy vdnce in New-Orleans, and he took' esting. In the c.W country, when they used to bang his city. discove/ed, they indicated by their increased ep*>ed a pop at me—I eaw 'twas dusty, so I dulled tho bnrgbir.i thfTo "was sonic incemivo to cummit.deeda ofthat they were approaching water, though the stream jigger and cut my lacky". A cracksman ia always clwing, [in aprbfeaOonal way. I Too bargiar'knew the was ten miles off. well armed, bnt will not nee his weapons otherwise HanaltyJand eaid, philoeophicoJjV; " I may ax well die\ —According to M. Pouillet, the stars.furnish heat than to intimidate unless forced to do 80. " I have for a Bh|ep ne a lamb," and bef accordingly strove to .enough to the earth to melt a stratum of ice seventy muzzled a clerk or a porter now and then, just for gain tnfi|0x>d opimon.of his. a&pciatea, and,.leaveTHE PROSPECT Hitr, PAioc-The Board-of Gom- missioners of Prospect. llill Park havo appointed Mr. Egbert L. Viele as temporary/.engineer,- to make a topographical survey of tho grounds. The appoint-whether the exiled revolutionists of Europe are iu fa-" 'TVif> Arrerictn Annocltl^n <orth« Tmprovoni.MU of Prt*oa Di»o<pllo«' will hold tbeir a quual mating iu tho City of N«w~ yo«k, coim>.rmiuig VVr»du»»a ay, tho »«th of Nov©iub»r n « t , atjtMtthuk every J«jr* .tbievf:e.|burglars, and prostitates. t.ra showed a decided improvement upon their work of It is. Bfldum that a modern burglar has enough Wednesday, and gave full effect to the score. On Mon-SOCIETY OF EXIL•ED RKvon'TioNisrs.—A meetingcouth-west, by his reconnoitering expedition in thonorth-western Texas. The labor was very severe, a but rarely that he fails to secure hid escape ia case holdrcta 'and recklessness to make himself celo- day, "lies Huguenots" will be represented, with a of -GeimauB, Poles, and Italians, constituting u society The fbllowinjV circular is addressed io ail lu^p*«cu>r$» and for six days in the heat of midsummer the camels | e encounters an unexpected sleeper. " I started brattd,J or. render hi« nchievemonts inter- cast introducing Mile Heron Natali, a contralto new to under the name of tho Committee of tho Brotherhood Directors, Wafdtns. and Claphdns of prh»o»»^^j«fls,' xit- in caee a hasty retreat bscoiries necassary, and itand, leave aname b(|)iud that should be flmoua Wien liaaMy ment J>; however; subject to fatnre action.li> tin* public pjlnU of New York. Tho objoot of ibo Awooia- preealon leigns. Gustavo. Strove S occupied the Chair. tibtt IB to t"»nn«lt and ••xohsng* vi«<w« f^r tho ianproveim'ttt of pn»on (il.-ciplii'f, and to dl»cu*ti »oeh-quf»»U«h« of importamo as The question was practically taken up by considering wilt promi tp tl'ti groat object of p»Uon reform. It {* *>an»o*tly i^iui^ttil that th« piibcn or »ooi«ty with which you aro oou-l per r«i <^ab«are•ni^iidfor you to do to-day. It is the birthday of King Fred- there is no /anger of his alarming the sleepers by eric William the IVtb. On this day would you adjuretbat when he makes-his burglarious nocturnal visit,straying into the wrong rooms. -Should the presenceyour allegiance?" "No,'' replied the Prussian, "there isnopossibilityofdoirjgItto-dsy. Iwillcometo-readiness, > in pal will lead the clerics away for the of the burglar be die-covered by the family, even thonight, if that is necessary, while your burglar quietly tmmp tf Gabriel could not bo heard above the snoring morrow." And he walked a*ay; but on the next daylord and hie wife to the small boy who sweeps out of a"morning, are rogues of one class or another. The language used there ia nearly uniutolligible to the unia- idated. A few of the most unobjectionable words aro wed in this article, and will give a faint idea of what a conversation, composed entirely of such a jargon, must £o ind like*6 o'clock, conducted by L. B. Loder, and preaching at71 o'clock by tbe Rev. Chavles K. Harris, pastor of <eivtd injuries which will probably prove fatal. Greene-stfeet M. E. Church". Every Methodist Churchin [New-York, Brooklyn and vicinity is requested ^to BOLD HIGHW A Y ROBAERY.—Last evenibtf Sergoaufc be represented on this anniversary. Brackett and Patrolman Fay of the Se< ond Ward wereble to escape detection: This fellow is the "plant,"and great are his syfTeriogs from his. confinement onsome occasions. But, quietly he waits hour after hour,with a:.patif<nce worthy of a better cause, till the storeiscloseVl for the night. Then he comes forth from hishiding "place, and immediately begins- selecting thechoicest goods from tbe stock. Thoee he carehrllypacks |np Teady for removal, and tHen silently awaitstbe righal from his outside companions which signifiesthat, the coast is/dear, and it is Fade, for him to venture times a man and a woman will work together without age. For many years the Captain was one of our lead- prisoner.-, whose name is D&niel Dwy jr, had knocked forth. ! The bolts and bars of the doors are then quiet- other assihtance, but there are almost always two or ing shipping merchants. Capt. Holmes has spent most down a esilor in the street,-and rebbed him of aAKRE4T OT :of the robbers in waiting, who at once remove it to the-store of some convenient receiver. This mode of com-mitting a burglary is not in frequent use, as the chances•are tbat in a place where a robbery would pay for soposing of stolen goode to tbe receivers, their dress en-The older and more experienced burglars ail liaye their "pale," and their " Molls," or mistresses^ Some-more readily.Traveling burglars of the old style are nearly done quently of the Mercer-street Church. The funeralmuchtrouble,theoccupantswouldbetolerablycertainofdiFcpvering"theplaDt." "VyI'velostseveral lyknownnow,therebeingbntveryfewpersonswho takesplaceonMonday,at3^o'clock,frombislateresi- theblowandfallbebadreceived. D«yer.whoisamawaywith. In-fac%burglary,asaprofession,isscarce-splendid fortunes, just 'cause people were curiousenough to Eearch the crib, aforeleckingup." As a•genera} thing,'boys or greenhorns are selected for " theplant,' I and by this means are initiated into, the business.Sometimes the porter of a store is in league with theburglars, and furnishes every facility for doing the job, Ignorant, degraded, and unscrupulous, they would residence, No. 6 East Twenty-third street.takingigrod care to be beyond the reach of suspicion pick a man's pocket or cut his thi-oat for a trilling sum himself.- It not unfrequenily happens that a burglir of money. The "good old days" went out with thepractice that exclusively.breaking is mainly done by lads or young men, bornhere of foreign parents. These fellows are. corner tioneer, and more recently a dry goods merchant inAa before-mentioned, house-loafers and rum-hole rowdies, who commit a burglary when there is no more profitable rascality on hand.Park place, died on Thursday night, in his 70th year. The funeral will take place to-morrow, from his la-.eNEW YORK AND FLUSHING RAILROAD.—This road, running frcni Hunter's Point to FloehirJg, j 8 about to extend its track on the north shore of L >ng Island, firgt to Glen Cove and then to Huntington, making io all a, distance fr< m N*w-York cf about 25 or 30 miles. The propored extension is in great favor wi;h the citizeniawill himself apply for a situation as porter, in answerto an advertisement for one. Once employed, he usee the paet. Neither Bulwer norAinsworth could find occupied in disposing of the library and effects.. on tbe propoeed route.watchmen, and the romance of burglary is a thing ofheroic incident enough in the whole range of modern housebreaking to " point a moral or adorn a tale."MUSIC.The engravings, prints, and portraits brought moderateprices. Clara Fisher's Shakesperian Cabinet', cf nine-teen piecee, netted.$50; the Coffin Medal brought $9;the great Clay Medal brought $G; Metal Watch, dugup at Bunker Hill, $8 75; Washington's Repeater, at an auction sale recently h»~ldia'Piiila<lelphi.ievening wafi made by Madame Fttbri, who is rapidly winning her way to high favor with the public. Though fche is peculiarly gifted for tragic opera, being ina man- rer deficient in tlexi.hility of voice, she has yet a power1888 tHioF.-t'Bgle Dollar, pro<f1PJ!>. pMt. m Pl'-co,1R56, oloVol CwitTi 00 L8SJ, Quarter Dollar, in»*opP«sir23 30 18S9. uMile Half D«U»rrrtlwtIt fo 1859, Out, in coppor...,from compelling the child to return to hisformer ways,and the phuncea are that.be will be severely whipped German audience. It will, perhaps, not be out of lier; Secretary A; Do Comeau. The resources of theanothercrowdedaudi-$ *>"'•<*,'••<,/&/•LAST DAY AT THK NATURAnr/ATiON OFFICES.— Yesterday presented the same busy scene atthenatu* ralization offices at the City Hall tbat has obtained for morethanaweek.Therewasconstantlyalineofbe-the Old Brick Church i a Beekman stre&t, and subse-sented by Napcleon,.$155;' t w o Goblets, from Shakes-;peaTe'B Mulberry Tree' $32 50; Tea Caddy, from Wai'hlrjstori Cwr.,- smallin serious opera; for anything like buffo singing he isnotdelicateenough,andhiswantofcareismoreap- lowprices,themostvaluablearrivesnotbeinghonored J829.TTOof<*«Qt.... ....1000ISM.ProofC«ttt...„. « iSparent in that li.e than in any other. He needs a char- acter having a tingle central.idea to which he can give personality; and which he can logically develop through the cnurse of tbe piece. A part like that of Bertram is infinitely greater in.his hands than any lighter char- acter. Siigelli, in the part of Lionel, made a decided euccees; though he always, lacks something of delicacy. Exaggeration is the rock wbish robust tenorswith a tiDgle bid.lTfti.'Ccut ... n 00 W4.P<oofCont...... 6 <K) 1881,Proof Cent... ... 18 oo i fts« Proof Ceafc 5 00r»17!-3, VMryfine...... li'si. Pro f..W36 Proof.. l«40.:Prorf..HatfCmU.. . . # S »nil.>43. P'(K>f. * 9 OO ... TSOlfei. Proof 11 N> ... ,7.W184(»,Pr>of ;... 10:5 .... 8 SO 1852, Proof..... J ; S ... 23 50; T»ir«iiw mr i. if in.RiLMARD TOURNAMENT.—A large company of gen-tlemen interested in billiards met at the opening of the, home and business newspaper to 7he Rural iycTournament yesterday, at^ the Union-square rooms A game by Dudley Kavanagh and James L ynch of 500 points was pronounced the mo3t splendid exhibition of the art ever wi'neesed. Lynch made a run of 129evidence of its character ar,d value. As an adv-rtxajnt? medium it commands itself to the basiiess portion of the community." •. ^.'A CONFIDENCE OPERATOR.—Numeraus complaintspoints, and Kavanagh ruxs . of 113, 80, and 53. The have recently b*en made at the D3tecti\e Ofiice against laiter won by 101 points. .The contests will be contin- a confidf nee operator, wbo is described as a man aboutued daily at 2 o'clock in the foliowiog order; five feet five inches in bight, stont figure, full face, and Satur^sy—Kavanagh and Geary; Tiemanand "White. ;Moudaj—Kavanagh and "White > Tieinau and White. rather roug ly dressed. His plan of procedure is toTuesday—Ljnch and White; Tinman aad Geary. call upon the lady of a house, and, represent that her Wedti«-pdoy—Lvnch and G«-ary: Tirrnan and Kavanagh. 'Thureday (gentlemen with laiiies only admitted)—Ptelan and husband orother member of h*r family has b'.en in-tho winner.unnecese&ry pain, and obtained a large quantity of val- uable clothing.m•• jurtd and conveyed to the Hospital, wd that he hadANNIVERSARY .—The John-street M. E. America, was dedicated 92 years ago to-morrow. Theday, Thore. will be a love-feast at 9 o'clock a. m.,by the Rev. Dr. Thomson, editor of TheAdvocate and Journal. A. reunion meeting will beheld at 2 o'clock p. m., in which brief addresses ^ill He was removed to Believue EEospitaLbe a ace, and tha former pastors and old members ofChristianl! paeeing up Beekman street,. near W iter, when theyWMira 4!wl. •'. bavir j p»rp<<.'->>d r hart Eufct^ iibturing the fug-tive.of the latt Summer v?ith his friends in East Greenwich, silver watch. Tbe victim's name is J imes Navens awhere he has beec in very feeble health, and for some boarder at the house No. 86 Cheery Btreet. Having abling them to convey ^packages through the street time his friends have been looking for his death. The lost his way, he a»ked D wyer to direct him, wh»n thedeceased was for many years a prominent member oflatter led him into a.dark spot at the co'ner of Beek- man and Water etreets, and there bi utailv asaaulttd and robbed bim. Neven'a head was badly cut froa.vor of the continuation of the Garibaldi revolutionthroughout Southern and Central Europe, wheroverop- «ur.)i plaonttJi vrlll b« aw'«<-.u«d by the Prealdvnt, au«i iwado k»o*nCompUod by lit tNiO»91porr«jfecord story window of No. 2(»7 avei.ue C, and re-1B»9, a^iug-eaglo, Krccf.Colonial Pieces. ' '•where,•. .' vmmUntitled DocumentI I MM*J MM1MMTM*I11 MM" I•'*,•••.•.••Afdt\i-4,:..,.rf.-v..../,. ».m.«^Ui^ .'itwn-'. MMti,%ii|J|t£^|^^^^^M^i ^"V-.- ^C.V^.:.V ^ ...*•-til HMlttnwhether capable and reUable men should be seat-to'theUcctod should «oud delogato* to ropj«»oat you ia tho w*ocUtb>u,.'-»,J4m**,i*,'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069iimiwmI— M M M M-t'www.fultonhistory.com« i h « k'*•.• 