I';actors are of course neariy all soldiers, A few Mor-havingmanyRecorder seat'suchciti- "They zens they have no rifttt to claim the foil ivivileges offeriorcoDdition. Evenwhere'jaaSadb.'of Iowa, (Rep.,) prcMnted a peUUon were wlUlag to taJu a rote tor Priater to-ssorrow, one of tke Inltaiate eounselora of the Archduke daysof course they have passed no laws beneficial economy oess among tlie colored race, and for thatOJL-A" ^botMeoaUToto far Kr. Bioml raMta-^^TTtff nld be Miiit, under the rale, cell ap aaAe idmUI onler the MU prohMtlBj the Inae of biak SSJjnider twenty dollM» to the Dlitrict of Cota^-mL Bt ttoml eoMent, howerer, peatloni mdMr. WasBBUsa, af nilaois, (Rep.,) thought (hat Iba Bovaa had batter hare oae mere vote for Prlater, of UaTon OiLUnu end IfoiSMU aad U tke qaaaUOB was not thea determhwd, they.4^u»Mi» t>Tr^Mmm7 aadt]issamemaybesaldaf%Bprss«|IMlBlstry, Had iaio MormoB eaCt. No, tk* Hsfwa da aat lataal Speeeh •f SMi. V. O. OaUlsMt^ h tke New. IM" SBdsatti trera reeelred.^b. DATtt, of Mlninippli (Dem.,) offned en «rderfor Tottng beiag oader ooasidsratloB, Hr. Cauiooti said:eTerestabtlahed.:4Uiainpa't<J, retHOMd to the Wtr Depirtment—the ooncnrrent resalutios of enthusiasm, every aspliatlaa after Italian oaity and opportunity t* strengthen themselves, and daally to lature will not agree toUon, Mr. 8peakM*rr,,IItasak*eil ilMi t^PMMsi tba "to print thCB. Agreed to.Hr.ltnam, oT HaMaehaietts, (Rep.,) Introduced a taeolQtion, Initnictlns the Committee en PateaU, to iwrali* Into the expedlencj of ao ameildliig theagatskt the Roman Republicrary pedant, who, as tkr as In him lies, will reduceMrial In Aror of graaUag penaions dthnof the Warof 1612 and Indian wars.to the aol-worth over for an hour. adjourning— churchmen made them for church Piedmontese autoaomy so much s* that. Is thsDurposes.Chief- this sweeping alteration which proposes at one Wow of tiw aad patdotia fttmin ef ear' "fcr the Coort of Claim*.lb. Gwa, of California, (Dem.,) introduced a raeo^Tha moUoB to adjourn, sapporlad by oaly 38 rotes, was negatived.and Paidoh't is a mere nullity, allogethsr void of po-humanity, submitted them to the Legislature, but tJtey have re-:of colored to political right'•-tta Beaate eoold be tried, and yitnperatlon and abuse KoaU Bot atand for argument. Be would adoresa hisi;aiip Flotd, U. T., Jan. 1860. Tuesday, 17,,Caogree* hiTlngcould take np the Poet-office aporopriation MILMr. WoOBSOB's motion was disagreed to by threeCk>natitailoB of Haytl, of" wk l"ebBdopflfi^leCMBC—tattloa the culmination Cbrlstiiioity and the spirit means of their pamphlets, newspapers, that mys-ee whether man was capable of self-government. It all their followers. And now that by their intrigueswas proposed now to let darkness rest the and uponresicence. The allegiance which theas though riding In the celebrated St. Nicholas Win- free man of color owes to the State is no evidence of hangingcoBspiractf.s theypresent Union, In the hope of rearing a better sign—now that Cavoue, the magnanimous staiesm-«n,or,give;atractnre tomorrow. He did not believe it.the mere consequence and return for the protection which heMnf. Mr. Halz showed that theJ^pnbllcan Party were those of the early fathers, their heads and dare to despair of even the union ofthe Crown of troops. There are scores of^ gambliog and dition in was iiiterpreted by him to the -Court Sbs saM that Piedmont, places, society." on tbe 6th of January she had beea U hatdrasa-aad If the Union was to be dissolved, those who ac-the provinces of the centre to Piedmont, underBut Gabibalbi was not to be thus smoothed over, and he left ths King's pressuce, determined to sus- tain the Association and take the consequences. But,grogshops without nuiaber. It Is, perhaps, safe tssay The practice of the State Department at Washing- maker's, and on home had laid her mnl^that scarcely twenty men in tho village earn aa hon- ton, in refusing to grant passports to colored returningpersons, on the table. whOe shs latired for aeampliahed so fearful a result would meet the Indig-two months' pay, thebe Sir, short time to her bed-room conclusively demonstrated from our Colonial;listen.Jauss Uddsob wasInstigated by Cavoua, who hopedtfee aetloB of Georgia in reference to the-«f?hi SSS'SSr^JSli.'"^'^^ ^5 !LS2^^'",^»•'•»'^«unonteshippers to deny tlie assertion— has'ai ways opposed themost reasooaUe reforms demanded by the publicone who baa ever thoughtmore liberal Depatiea When, In 1849, after the dis- jeet regards Hormonlsm aa a political, social and Camp Floyd Lieut -Col. G. H. Cronnau,So the framers of the Constitution of our State In 1S2I, after much deliberation, deemed It expedient to provide that no man of color should be entitled to voteWjBwati BOUSE OFSeesloa.olOrdnance'about 1,(100 mrn will be required to fillno naluratwhite and equalitydefrnudlngthe Tomb,lie would accomplish his release.'!""»"„<„ "'t^Jy^heOnmoUonofHr. Geow, ofof Italy. tlon ofIt was Cavoue whoprorlnces opposed the conflsca-;of Swalne, Williams, Deshler, Rusiell, Hill, Bennett, provifcions should be inserted in the Constitution wasallalgatsTM and IjaviBgalso thebut the question was finally putlIsBEESundaysRyan, Surgeons Getly''^you, goyourmandingS»lotn, Nelll and Seward<U«*'»J3«- J?o^f iSnSecwojSTMt» if stolen at all they weredirgesofwith Ratazji'sselves as to the chances of under tho oae and**..understood repwt ?AndInot majoritypaper Congratimuxt GlobtpubUcatlon and blodlnjand to all reportlegal measures were Insufficient, allprinciples and opinions clashed with his will andpleasure. These andConvention wisely determined to retain theseootho subject ;In the;whether, in theirthe fact* opinion, any"He think the Mormons will haveions''-'°.^^^"°° rttBM.;Assist.-Surgeons Bailey and Brewer. —suhmltled tofice of our Secretary of State, shows that only 8»,3()«Mr.munufUthat Committee wasthe ,a^„of u large amountofjury;and Clemens./V(» fn/onfrj-Total strength about 700.i;ofin-granted to aliens for the purpose of encouraging theirandsettlementInthoeeStates. Itis street,oppositehishouse,andbewasalsoarrested.and furtherwhich has hitherto hlndtred its'The garrison consistsTenth Infantry, nine of the Seventh, the whole ofconformablyprivilegethem for$15she wasarrestedla thawent" into ExocuUvo;J. B.fiftyREPRESENTATIVES.taxation was granted to such colored [lersons as -werethefursbecauseshe was very good la lending bar beaotUU dressesprinciplesriskingstrike for the Italian Crown, or lose them both.decisioaof contended that It of the Supreme Courtmarmen Sentiment— Speech af Hebor C. Kimball—Prospects—TheTerrltariiUI.eg> Islalare.of of ths eiglit companiestothe lawsthereof. Thisis aawayha had pawned;she heard that subsequently'^"^ "^"^ of his State.youto*1 have t-lnce learned uiat the opposition o Sirdangerouslywounded la thegisln;Pennsylvania, (Rep,,) Special Committee on Printing au- appointed yesterday were enlarged, sothat tbar may inquire into theprices paid for en- the Press, and suppressed by iUegal means, wheretheBrevet Paul; Capts. Little. McLawe, li^ymare, sake, of Niagara, in this Assembly, is upon the other Maj.ladlesthe power* of the thorised to bethoin the vain belief that the Mormons72 ayes to 31 noes—more than two to one. Among thethose wbo voted in the the Oiunteas waa elosed ererr night atby Congren, and the lawsto make >irailar Inquiries Into theAmory, Bide.Evfns, Pliimnier, Hancock, EJellu, Suvers, Marma- When our present Constitution came to be framed^forregnUtingthesame,and ingthemeansoftheMormonsand even many of the themselves,at Costallo«W?*i," S! funilorBOt anttoljMd to report at any time, and the call to thslr laiioit was Bsrsr reached, if n ^ad been,thwarted step.his every effort and fettered him at everyrecently. these^colns purportspiea County Westchester the vote found. Costello to t«hfe l^irJALij" JarTtbay were prayarad. to report jaet. Allow tkteCoiBatttaathe »ub.With regard to thebe seen whether Cavooe, wIh> has not ceased to taaniThere and partment either on leave or on detached service,bv the time recruits can reach here from the States,; hundred- lawyerMa. Bb»»bi»-I am agreed to thatIVaBnaatar aaaonaectf the pendingRatazsi with hisannex Central Italy toMorinc>itaum.oBtracInn from the rest ofwith whosett* dMBMOfa FrlBtsr.oTSSan of Mr. Phum, af Mlesoorl, (Dem.,)MTO was a call of the Honsa. _. -^ . .. Mr. W»0B«0V/Of Missouri, (Dem.,) Bovad that theconsent of Loois NaroLEOH. In this Cabinet, as lagrentprices paidbindingtrysurpass- fully conscious of their deserts, anxiously Inquire ofWilliam WOssa, assistantBowery, depoied?Thatfifteen SollVrsTb* said tbey *>'^<>^,£ ^^^2Zalsoexisting laws governing tliosaid, Many untoWm.Capts. Sttvenson, Rustell, (Brevet Major,)to show that the Indictment waswith the to be made. *'*Wlngate, Up'ie-colored persons should be separately tbe people. And what Sir, was the re- sult t The* official canvass, now on record in the of-»'Mx. 9bm>">• IpiMaMtoS. Did they ever make a;and;Kentucky, (Dem..)ArtiUrry Total strength about 220.voted yet, while 223,634 voted noThewas fromtheCountess.»vru wMi aummlmtpublic ExecuUve bureau,power to report atCavoos's Internal;a blU onto report at any time.no, 5,302.) wbUebosinesi to bebe- odored races, there Is ao tocUlthecompters a clear statement of theLieut' Col. M. S. Howe commanding rls, HIght Gordon, Livingston, Afsist-SurgeoDs Norris and Covey.Ckiunty Niagara, whose representatives on of a variance be»««the gro.md so that ho could be .PTLTand triS vote against dictment, .7'»°~,«f.,"^,f^»tkaState r*iTrihjiiiyiii|| frofriaiiM ^^Mtit^iArslber than aided, aay laujgat of Ismlli. asHoa<w>Mr thar latilre far OarenuMMis east—iJiTailiifflin Ap- flh* daMgaa at six per eaaHnaoB Ofe sin <«afiieoibadl«s, liw aaoaat U a tfcniiiMdIfciltMl iimf, a*l araty day these ooa-":iipilhr—re- traetsi* *-*n|'"nteiiCATova dreamt of aaid amastlon, against Che wlil af to leaae Utah; bath thalrwDids aad aattaas prore It his Impel lal master, wonM be hare ekosea fcr War coBolualvely. Thsy fondly ktek foiwanlto adlsso-lyeilt nwiij, Fek. 1«.The reaptatlgo piovUing foi an amendment to.e.i tng all prsperty qnalificaUonsi, oatli M»J^ tm BBBietfMr. SniaiUB, of Ohio, (Rep.,) waatod ta know the'goalenjoyed the full and after giving him a salutary warning, suspended judg- ef white citizens in the State of theirbut he nowOffteedom—the last trial byDivliieProvidence,to terioussecretgivenbyfaidleaderstothekeepingof alienatedhisbestfriettds,anddiminishedhisinfiuence terturn-out.over bfm, In case he commits snother crime. John Coetello. indicted with EUzabeth McCabe, a citizenship;forheowesitnotinconsequenceofany verysbabbUy-oressedIrishgirl,wascharged,incaat-nf anl ders of theKing,perceivedthat be hadof the tJieie is a minority, at least In numbers, who shakewith and, diplomacy,Cavous still more than under RAtAzzi—who assert . aation of the world. He belonged to a State which that Cavoue Is merely aa astute Picdmontese, while stood by the Constitution and the Union. Whoever Rataezi, weak and in andest livelihood. When the soldiers ar< fleeced ol their is in conformity with this eoctrlee. la short it cape, &e., parlorthough wanting courage audacity, is a true Italian, and that white the latter is to blame for not having extricated the nation fromMr. Tocmbs said the efforts of the Senator fromNew-Hampehire showed that the way of transgrei- head of the former Ilea the gulU ot having formed!the next time she saw tbearrest and the next time xhe saw the fanthey bad been taken from the store of Hr. Slmpsoa, the pawnbroker. In the Bowery.raised his voice against them was guUty of a crime against humanity.was aftac(orsishard. He quoted the law of New-Hampshire to that alliance, and that his return todiow that a man who came to reclaim a fugitive slavt (after and firmer riveting of Imperial chains on the was imprisoned five year*. He asked if the Senator peninsula. For myself, I have no weakness for from New-Hamsliire was willing to carr>' out the Uatazzi. but justice compels me tf> challenge tlio past Fagitlve Slave law. liifrtory of the two statesmen in favor of the superiorM&.Haurosetoreply,whenMr.Tonunssaid he liberalismIniiiternal affairs of Ratazzi, and ofhisreturned to Flero, the home of his bride, to whom he tietween Salt Lake and Bridger.was married on the 19th tost., raging with generous rencontre at Salt Laxe betweenbut impotent (despair, iiuca is the genuine history. Hickman and friends, and the equally notorious Lot slave born on the aoll Is a citizen ; and the Indians, loaned ber an expensive dress ;'on this oersitna she 1 give It you w'tnout iiote ur comment.* Meanwhile, HcKTiBGToa. They are both Mormons, but the former though born here, and descended from a race who in- desired the loan of the Countess' expensive fan, anddid Dot want to hear an explanation.Mr. Hau—If you won't hear I doa't wanthonest efforts to extricate the country from the feu- dal servitude to France la which CAVona bad know-persoasherselfngly and deliberately plunged it.and pa.«sed the night therehave Ratazzi to re- compelledtoa morais that which a sojourning stranger owes—the fatal alliance with the murderers of on Roma, thecommunicate. The mail route isof the Association. He chose the latter course, and ble, the last mail being two days making fifteen calles zenship of tbe United States is confined to the white Tbe proeecutlon next caUed the girl SUsatatklHir-In proof of theMr. TooKBS, of Georgia, (Dem.,) said he would former assertion, take the laws passed by Ratasii to mcreate the difficulties of Ratazzi. and Insure his;should be made citizens of foremostopponent,andeversincehasbeeathablt.;Maj.;F. E. Hunt- Paymaster.of and the further from color, privilege of exemptionPiedmont, WAsaraoroii, Tuesday, Feb. M. tcrest persecutor of the exiles from other—Heth, Tracy, Gove, for the elecloral privilege. Tho vote in the Constitu- be angry, as she had before leBt ber aecclesiastical, property,number of bishops, and similarto loose the bonds of the State from the Church. It was CAVera who loaded theArmlstead and CuonlDgham.Stixnr* /n/im»ry—Total strengthLieut.-CoL Morrison commanolrip: Capt, and of Herkimer. I am sorry. Sir, to find that his name- o'clock.raeita„^pojver denotes theIn the Government That birth alone dees not citizenship, is obvious. No man will contend that athe Countess, but that she resided in the same hoassylsHMbr the SanatOT to proceed. during his brief administration. Ratazzi, with tke resignation, and also that that resignation was finally the Tabernacle.Ambassador In an affair that and. national stltatlon relatUg to the rendiUon of a should the Hunlcipalities from the almost absolute subjec- delicacyof cattle from exposure in Carson Valley. Cedar ccnstilutionally dtlermtne.sovereljin people Mr. was about to turn them out of duo."*, lord, Martin,Mr. Tooiras—Ah, you want trial by jury, or some BMde by which the law cannot be carried out.Ratasii has canceled the baibarlties which stained the Penalforeigner.we bare had the thermometer 17° and 22* below zero.theof citizenship as a qualification for electors, la favor night,He an»wercd the of Mr. argumentFROM UTAU.of persons of foreign birth, who hare declared their be took them and presently returned In an ezcitsc state, saying that a man in the Bowery had takeafbgltlve honor required should have been settled betweenbecause could not their rent vritness told ;becaniedontisafairandconstltatlonsimanner. tiontotheGovernmentlawhich,evendaringthe KatasiiuidCAVocawithouttheValleyIs,perhaps,themildestIntheTerritory,the Thu^.lorexsini>le,tneCoastltutionsofInJiina, Co»tellotboetyakethefur*paayd them iaterpoaiUoa of a snow rarely fallljig to a greater deptlf than six or Wlscrnsin and Michigan—and, I believe, of some pawn'Code of Piedmont, and has fireedfrom ttie preponderant authority of thethe Sapreme CourtwasBOpreeadentfortheaetleaSSSfSTuSH^sllS: '^~'^'» """e Supreme struction Is almost complete. Catohb, on the con-Hals in regard toinstructioa Govetament,last ten years, they have languishedandto-day,inthaoftheFourthArtillery,Including a light battery, and foujr companies of the with those States a mere matter of policy and expe- she had been once before in prison, but that herI the trary—sod defymost ardentof his prostrate wor Onrtsftmietuff lie Neie-T*rk Tiine*.,had her in mother putenlarged Kingdom, libertythe Fifth,threecompaniesimmigration On cross examiaatloa. Miss McCabe admitted thatPress, by public opinion, and sustained by the Everythe sab-; afae did notknowUsann*aster of Novara, RiMssi proposed that the poor, be. trayed and deserted Lombard and Venetian exilesmoral evil, aad almost every one looks forward to Itsthe distance from Utah speedy elimination, but greatto the States leeseua the Interest felt in the subject so much, that tha pabUe does not deem it sufficiently important to use active measures, and therefore In-Lieut. F. J.was seized of a freehold estate of the value of twohundred and dollars, over and above all (lebts andincumbrances. Thatwasa tomen privilege granteddollarsa week for her room; ;publicnow here, number of officers, <&c.intention to become citizens of the United States, them from himsimilar measures are the trophies adoUnistraUon. ContrastthemCapL and Brevet Lleut-Col.Chapman'"•^'^KiSmSSregardtd Chambers thall again meet, and he can lay before his tmifr^ionbymerely decisive, but itthe fifty-nine counties then comprised la tbe Stateonly nme voted yet, while fifta voted no. Even in the' instruct the to acquit tte deftodantties which can;waaoverwheiaung.OfRecorderwith the counsel in the po^t »' """^^f^ff oJnj »tt*only be fully appreciated whea thoMormon gold cola, amomMjmtt. They made an Intrigues Igno- which, although they are dated 1650-51, were put intoinvestlgstlon. But ble artifices with which Cavoce and his friends have circuli-ilou but Each ofthis floor has moved thisthe proposition was nearly three to one, (yes, 1,2«8 again, which he accordmgiy did, "J.'Sf,foreign policy. It remains to servility to Natolsoic, will dare towere cast in (aror of sentimenta man hangingPiedmont,with or without theaiiu of thetween theequality betweea themtbe people to establlabMltrwli equality between them.awaiting;eight Inches1 subjoin a statement of the strength of the forcerequisillonnatnraldevelopmeat;CAVoira was hisJljipireto^gcgfc ift«g> ia>nmi<av#^ ert, sasTow mladed DAaaaBBa, mmU feasa itadrnd^- la >ou wliboat' « taMteBa aatdfloa, AT ail thareductioa in the dulgewlU, the coun-measures, tendingtheir own accord, pull up stakesaadquitabout MO.affirmative was Mr. Va» Hoeji,SUte with taxes tax-payers—Cavoox who gagged;journalswlios.C. Kihdau.,provis- old CkinstituUon, but in order to appease objected, the Constitution ordered that the question whether equal suffrage shou d or should not. ,, --«„«#««•he last, theEven had Rai»,,i been bolder than he is, the aaU- can they emigrate to another.lements are and feeblecan have no commerce withhelerogeBeous. Itattao, rtwtine-worahlpping LABASHoaA, and the inIt a-4* pmtt>"y^t^<B>»" MJK'^'iaeascg*Wbea my atienttaB was tot dll »eH« to Ms"" <aw-ladependeace, and la whose eyes the greatest possi- establiak aa Independent theocraUcal (^jvsrament. now under cimstdatatioo aad that evea those mem- in our State Librarryy,.and I IhH* 4ilMMi^4B*rthe And If thsy should be bers of this House wbo were members of the last As- title 2, section I ,dlsappoUted In their hopes of a aad then rotad for tbe foUowiagMinister thatBhslalure, MAsraaso Fabti, whose sole effort siace bawas seat to Central Italy has been to reduce thetroops to mere maehines, to annihilate every breath worth looking after, aad they irill Uus have tine aad ME.SriAna: I trust that this braneh of tkeservile,copyAiaerleaa Uaioa, and they hope la thatthe CoBsUtntloB. i<Legis-sooner to attain theof a free and in- intended those who snow all kinds of vehicles on runners are to be seen States,' onlyis ferlorofLAMAaaoaA lataUan of Ikeevent the North and Boath will become embroiled la a war, aad in the general eonfasloa Utah will ast bejtftmiil, MbSavMBfieeeatedtfaemeniorinl -of the Cham- ajorlty.berofCoaaeioeofMew-Yorkontheniluectofla- ThaSpeakerrequestedtheTellerstoresumetheircommissionofwhichalltheheraesofOimo,VueiedlsaoluUoB,theyrelyupoathaparsimoayofthawill,apoasobersacoadtbooght,tatrsoethatfalssremettrelAeuainnMmrnIes,futUefui»mtsaasfisaaeas^— fctatntwtaaof egfcree lnthecensiig. Or- place* at the desk, ta record votes for Printer.Jlr. Bill, of Georgia, (Am.,) moved to adjourn.aad St. Fermo have beea dismissed from the army. In Americaa people, and their averaenesa U shsillng step, and now declara their adtwsion to the Constitu-company with toe bravast aad best of the Venellaa fratricidal blood. They ridicule the effemlDacy and tion ss It stands. Sir, tb* proposlHoa to pat negroes CM. ttit»ei^(eni (a vaelifc <•»«.«*«. cNswbllea Volunieerit Neither can ke hope much from his credulity of President Bcoba>a>, and boast that 00 a foothig of pollUcal equality with white mea Is re- of whatever nation shaU set foat opoB Haytlaa'S"—eliiilijiidHOd to be printed. He alao pieaented a petition la turn of granting pcBstons to the aoldlert of the waroi>d<|)ropne(air«,«««e psarraaftwMsr a swBSii»ble crime Is love or admiration forGaiisalbi, fortbe artleto :ri«< toTiroru Sestien a tffrs d« «••puaaanttotbesenseoftheAmericaapeople. Tkey '181>. AlMk a fetitlQB la favor «f the Bomeatead object of adjournment. He suggested oae more rote other colleagues. Maaun, the Minister of Publlo BaiOHAa Yooae has overreaohed him. Taey say ke wlU Lever conrent to share tbe title of " Ameri- K,^"*? PTMP*»**- •^ • «*««Vrsia—.^•f' lOL Beftrred,t»ai1ran clUxeni aad fbrelgnen la tlie matter of respoBslbUIIy. guished political eooaomlst, but his fame Is fortunes while they did it. »2i0 to vote. This has, however, been the conatitB- color tkmU kt admUU* ta dUxenO^ m tUsX^Zk^^feaala the laolag ofpatents. Adopted. Mr. Moaaia, of lUlaols, (Deao.,) said tha Demoorata stained as aa Italian by his havlBg been The session of the Legislature will clsse la a few Uonal law of New-York nearly forty years—It was In estnMtshlng these^mstth^aadprarC^Then the House should go Into Cosialt- tee oo the Po*t-o(Hce bill.proud Instruction, conspired with the French Ambassador sent the army oat here to enrich the Mormoas by fdr- can citizen" with an laferfor and ahject racenor »• «*for Printer.Ur. Hiu. said his purpose was to procora a tall at-CoastltnUoa of UiTimS: ^'^tendance.instruction to a narrow of re- public worship form,for;^.,°1:Sec. U. The great object of foraln* these asZla-and these are the men whom thejnttoo iBitinctlng the Committee on Ullltarr Affairs Mr. BaassnAi-a, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) remarked Itmtiamsnma Cavoue has chosen as his celleagues ;— fused to paas a single one of them. One, an act re- 1 shall endeavor. Sir, to state briefly the reasons why with the In wrong. TfeatbasMalMBg to #•te taQOiie Into the «zpedlency of making prorlalon that OB Thursday the other el Je said they were aot but we will wait for their deeds before passing final teika payment of the Indlaa War debt of Callfor- ready to go Into the election of Printer, and without judgment. Meaawhile, the discontent In Tuscany In- ilia. Adopted. any partknilar objectioo the question was postponed creases dally, and the sudden dissolution of thslating to interest, d:c., I have heard was particularlyI deemsubject hand. rsBlliiiiliB at Iba aast'- Kr.Biowii*3resolutionswerecalledup.Mr. ELux, of New-Hampshire, (Rep.,) said he had at ttia seaalon In comparatlre silence, while the State which he In part represented had been accusedlowing:December,Gaeibalsiwent totais RICHARD,a right for them to vota. Tim slia.a blU for support to the and a bill for the payment ofcoa- ofTailoasmonstrouscrimes. TheSenatewasnot sularanddiplomaticexpenses. Theywerereferred •Mttibanal before which States conld be arraigned. to the (Committee of the Whole on the State of theFree negroes have always been a degraded race in the United States, having the right it is true, ofiThe Pest-office Appropriation bill was then ta-BCdt Bot poeaeased by all the remarks made tributed which would never comeWf titae Senators on the other side. He had Ur. Hooas, of Kentucky, (Amer.,) opposed this s>Gaei- bauiremindedhimthat hehadM0,000National Guards in Piedmont alone, and that they had neverPabUcopinionwastheonlytribunalbeforewhich Union.rendered him the slightest service—that he oughtmobilize them, and count solely on then for de-fence, reservhig hi* army for battles with Austria.The King was pleased and convinced, and namedGaeibaici on the spot, IipeUare-Geiurait delta OuardiaNazumaU del Regno, Gabiba&i accepted, and left the interesting. The Territory of Utah is divided into CoDstitutiun was adopted, can we imderstand the ,to the Senator from Georgia, who had violated.ttalawi of parliamentary decorum. His speech, tion of the franking privilege, by which speechesequal rights was tbe description of these people at the time thelargelyAboUtlaals^ofkowarer, contained a form of argument which has a were circulated which were ueverread, and seed dis-ngtfVirginia, (Dem.,)favored ttie aboli-valid and other pensionsTbe Army at Camp Floyd—IHannOB News—Military Academy:;ken Mr.This is now tha largest mllita^ station la oar have never allowed the of enjoymentup. PxTOR,or cal stock In trade consists socountry, and a brief description of It may aot be un- the ImmuniUes of the free white citizen. As this may agree to this resolution, hot the iBtelllgeBt Baalitical Ideas:tothem.do this too under the cloak of benevoleaoe.Vr. Bauii, of California, (Dem.,) Introduced a bill till yesterday, when there were two ballots without a Nazzone Armataf which association, It was hoped, collect a number of penniless persons in England and citizensliip of this Slate. It has beea repeatedly de- They are eicuded from mtUUa duty—they are ax-^'' Ihr tke eooAnetlon of a Railroad from the Hlsslaalppl choice. Hesaid the Democratic side wereibeywould unite all the fractions of the Liberal party, other foreign countries and pay ttielr expenses to cided by the juoiclal tribunals that coloredcluded from'jury duty— are exelodedtbey from sscWrJttnr to tte eaateia boundary of California. not but Would be to-marrow. ready,we are to modify our ofAppealsofKentuckydecided(inthecaseofAwy toQmqualificationsofvoters.ItwouldbsJfl^ VBtPATnoE, of Alabana, (Dem.,) Introduced (hattion of the United States. In the the Court If, year 1822,Sir,C^nsOtntioa la raaarda Ua to pioTlde for the examination of claims of cltl-awi of Georgia and Alabama for losses sustained In 'OtCreekwarIn1620. Referred.byto-morrow at 1 o'clock.pays year interest of oaly about forty per cenL Is charged, but ift>«. Smlih, 1 LilteU's to reduce the Rep.334,) thatfreenegroesandat which white MaraJaSI dtizsosareqaaotodfianklyUtah, but keep a strict account of these, and when the immigrant arrives they put him to work to pay back this Church debt. If he it the first anpersons are not citizens wiihin the meaning of the Constitu-aad frtxa intermarriage with the white raea. ""'He proposed general consent the subject be passed over tillhas diminished the hopes of a considerable portion ofthe advanced Liberals, whose confidence, at the com-mencement of 18SV, was entirely reposed In Pied-mont. The history of tills dissolution, which I have not paid the interest for the second year Is a^out one mulattoes are not citizens of;the United States. The to vote. White males under the ageof tweBta-aaaMr. Snaaiujf would not object if such wne the gen- eralimderstanding.ThiswasacquiescedIn.Hr. SaxaaAB reiwrted a bill for the payment of In-obtained from the most authentic sources, lathe fol-kUKdredper cnt/., but Is varied to the size of the purse;it would havesame doctrine was held by tho Supreme Court ofagemay be called on to risk life and liberty for t^",.||^mon defence, cannotyet they rote, and no one cIslaB—''-On the 30thTurin to aoeept the Presidency of Im tfaziotu Ar- vuxta, and to Incite the King to mobillxe the CuonfisNazwnalt. TheKingreceivedhimcordiallyClaiborne (I Meigs' Teon. Rep. 331.) In that case, Mr. Justice^privUege rior caste InSaltCamp in Cedar Valley, was the comparative ease of communication to and from it in all seasons of the year. This Valley is entirely destltude of vegetaUoa,water in the Valley la found In two little creeks, some by the judiciary of the non-slaveholdlng States. States in which a policy leas wlaa Una oars prsnflB. In 1633, a law was passed In Ckianectlcut making it But let our ConslituUon be ameaded, or ratber sasH- five ssiies apart, on one of which is situated the Mor- a penal offence to establish school in that State lated,as this resolution propsaei, and we shall atschool, or board or harbor for that such purpose, anyBade. Hr. Hau then referred to the veneration ex- wanted to test the sincerity of that body.ireaaed lately by the Democratic Party for the decls Mr. Sbsbiiaii would make no distinction betweentamattbx Supreme Court. This was a new idea Senators and Representatives. He ^pealed to gen- cept the provinces of Central Italy, and let It be un- usual military plan, but all the quarters beiag buUt of one Pecdxkce Ceaddall for violation of this law, her forward? Does the Repabljcan Party hope to galaokaegad uponhos'Jlltywhich called reform. There is a Hght which emanates fromnitles of citizens In the severalthe Con-have been diminishedorthe Northprivileges States,' sayswel&re, by emi^ritionthelito the tieswaited the Union, and said he now stood face to face Washington, and the only way to get it to his con-were aware of the opposition already framed against this a**aclatlon, had drawn up a list of Ministers,with reToIutloB, and that we were virtually at civil war. Hr.BuarepelledthechargesthattheNorth- ern State* had violated the Constitution, and read the lawsafNew-Hampshiretosustainhisviews. Inthe coarse of his argument he said the Supreme Court In Ita decleloa In the Died Scott case, had affirmed the asgio has no rights whidh the white man is bound to 1 eapecUstituents is by means of the franking privilege.'citizens.' But free negroes, by whatever appellation we call them, were never, In any of the States, enti-to aU f beand consequently were not intended to be included, when this word was used in the CkmstituUon."and In 1855, to 45,286. Of the wholeber of colored Inhabitants In the last sunUoned year.Mr. tnaiMW, of Lonblana, (Dem.,) said the Chief Jaatiae has only referred (o the condition of the ne- gro pttor to the war of the Revolution.rejected.their resignaUon, unless the King should empower them to dissolve Im Tfmzione Armata—should revoketiaa iflimedlately thereafter passed resolntlon* dla- teMeaUr opposed to that decision. He then realfteoptailonsofJxmasoit, adverse to the deference BOW exacted for the decision of that Court, and also adrerted to the vieirs of Ur. Buchakah, in which heISO against 21.The Senate amendment abolishing thenounced." for but a few days since he Incited me todeeds, and almost taunted me with my resignation and inaction."at their own ty sesssed to dictate.It is not in appearance alone that we are city- like. AU the sources ef amusement er dissipation"To my mind. It would be a perversion of terms and tbe well-known rule of oonstltution, to say that slaves, /r<e llacke^ or Indians, were citizens within the meaning of that term as used in the Constitution. God foiDld that 1 should add to the degradation ef tiiis'ngattree of power. He proposed for himself Department was rejected. Adjourned. to stand upon the principles of Jsmasoir. HeIlls Government would only recognize the standing of the Fifth Infantry are we Indebted for theandare not citizens." (Crandall ««. the State, 10 Conn. Rep. 339.)HonoBB orratM Am Boarm.iVirginiaappearIn the Seventh Infantry isinques-tion. It was said we seek to exclude the people of Mabor is coming, not as a substitute for La Vaillast,the Sooth from the equal enjoyment of their rights iB the Territories. That was a mistake. He agreed with the Senator fiom Texas that the present difficulties grew out of a misapprehen-age and resicence. Free negroes and mulattoes can being her first offence, the Assistant District-Aother- that word slipped from my pen—Italy Is to be freed wise we would not hear a dissolution of the Union from the Austrlans, not by Italian valor, not by Gasi-he grand pleaded guilty to an attemo! to commit that crime. His late employer, Mr. Taylor, g^ve him a eood character, and inasmiii'h as it wai hission of the> Constltutlos. Tills wastrue,flourishing Lodge, and may command the and sword a rapidly growing Society of Sons of Temperance. falgb c/fices, purselarceny,this Union BALDi'scattoas of the past—the result and fruit of all the VUlafrancabutSuch at least is the belief Inculcated in that hopingThe of a dozen ladies adds presence nearlymuch might easily be multiplied, 1uponaudacity,byamof the tothe and After the the ofopiaionthatfirst offence, earnestly requested the Recorder to deal -Mr.ofamendment allowing -the exchange of newspapers be-Dawxs,Massachuseta, (Rep.,)posed that the Senate be deprived of theMaeita," said G., "letthey have diminishsd your popu-frankingtta basis upon which the Dred Scott decision was was In earnest in inserting the amendment. He Lodis NapoliobPost,pourStsMwHb that pinydawv to the period when they obtained control ments voted on.•f the Court, It had been at open and The Senate's amendment, abolishing the fraaiUag nation to your aid, and I pledge'lhy word that you town in;debate,arguedyou are determined to make Italy one. Summon the first glance, a thriving town, and is indeed the second on the ground that the persons Instructed, although the negro as to be eager to beeome Maeir In Ins a*for, from the time of Jarrasaoir tlemen to ceaseand have thepending amend-derstood that you are preparing war to Austriathat counsel the adobes, or sun-driedvtirick, the Camp resembles atdirecting tohaveblanksof contract printed, was agreed to bybelag quar- tered in tha same building, each vrith an allowance ofists of decided New-England,cleariy arenotand without citizens of athe Constitution as it is.franking privilege, was rejected by a rota of BO against 112.fences, &c.,LAW^ REPQBTS.Ceaeral Beaaiena.The other amendments of the Senate were redin.conear-theDespite peace-breathingletters of the Em-addressed Treasury in 1621, says ;aim to theof thewill be triedperor of the French, the inaction of the PledmonteseWar Minister, and the disbanding of the volunteers,the war fever nevertheless continues to spread. Mo-theatre," The20, stole from members of thefamily of John K. Curtis, In whose employ shebut at tha head of another division.programme, from the Alps to the Adriatic, is to be ful-— filled. Italy is to be fre2d from the foreigners no'Richard Peerkin wasa waiter at Taylor's upperup.Lake, Territory is found some possessing one superiority and someeration as to them f applicableState shall be entitled to all the'The citizens ofof tke colored of ibis State has populationbeen ebaek-population, •"Vadtagalaed hostility with its declsiona—Jsrrzxsoit privilege, was reported. need fear neither Austria nor the diplomacy." The of the men are lowtherefore entitled to the tbe Bajority bsraBvoKsaAjr assailed It on this floor. The Supreme House.-Conitoace decided that the United States Bank was The Senate's amendment;,«»lUhittf nal, and the Democratic National Conven- 'exalted personages, and certain others who had made are all of one two or three officers story,to have been one of the purest and most learned jur- record tbeir votes against It We wlU firmly staad bfThepathy with theadvanced Liberals,"—great respectoffered anhis Influence with him to induce him to accept the— from dislike of Rataizi. but on account of the deadlyto 49,ceg;naa-resignation of the Ratazzi Cabinet, if offeredMr. RiAOAH, of Texas, (Dem.,) did not see why opposition of Lahaehoba and Daboehisa to every except the everlasting sage and the fewwere males over SOtween publishers.to the North—whether free blacks seeking new home*Emperor'sas the white man and ;Isaloon.that capacity he robbed Mr. of "TaylorGaeibalsi'b appointment."and on the any once invite hordes of blacks to other, and near for the instruction of persons of the African race not"He will be on my side," said Gaeibaidi, energeticsquare. HanyhesltaUonthatcolored State. He said:.personsa ade^itedby raleofTOyaastoBut Sir Jakes Htmsoa came to protest. In the name^notprivileges and immunities of citizens, 13,423The negroes who laigrate from the Soathara Stats*mon town of CedarHr. Hals said the statement of that condition . was privilege. [Laughter.] He had no idea the Senate the CarragUa go ; they hare sealed your slavery to the middle of the Valley, Camp Floyd. Tbe Camp is Inhabitants of the State, or to teach in any such and compete with white labor ; we shall oatnga tta;on the left bank, the left resting near the spring from which the water-course has Its rise, the right, some half-mile distant. The Camp Is laid out neariy on the;larity. There is a list of true Italianspersvin, without the previoua consent In of the ?vritlngprecious right suf&ageaua a daa^choose them for your ministers, or use your rights as dictator. Ac-;;blow at the dignity and oftbe Slatsu ^eroua ~ pcoapeiltyTerritory.buildings, divided into thethe Post-office him their tool. For a moment GAXiBALni fancied thathe had tiiumphed, when Sir Jakes Hdssos was an-;unconsCitutioaai, la Ita motley ranks ? or has It became soquartershaddmonnced it, Jaczsob disregarded it, and Mr. The Committee rose and reported the bill to the King paced up and down the room, aad cursed certain usual number of squad rooms. The officer's quarters Daooitt, who delivered the opinion of tha Supreme am proud In the belief that the Democrats to to*nld the Ckmrt always leaned to the pre- Mr. Spnraxs's amendment abellshing the Post-office of England, against the Saziatu Amata, saying that found in large towns abound here. To the enterprise race of men ; but I am hound hy my duty to aay tkey A rOUSH COlTBTtSS OS THl SIAKD-HXB rOimilKmarmy, and would withdraw its good offices unless in open libraryonly wholesome beerDBissis,ITAI.T.preme Court of the United States. He also read the Tlie Aetna! Status fram a Kepablieaa Stand* latter excusing himself by saying that, while as an Regimental bands la one attraction of thla theatre, against Fogg, reported in the sixth volume of Watu' of the Ledger, in favor of A. H. Davis, and Indorsedread the decision of the Supreme Court of Georgia, .la oppooition to submitting to the decisions of the Su-Jaaxs HcsBON then had a pretty sharp altercation, ths theatre In camp. A fair orchestra from one of the the same doctrine In the case of Hobba antf another for f3,146, purporting to be drawn by Robert Boaaar, paint—A Groan at the ResteratlaB af Ca- individual and an Englishman he recommended en- and some of tke comedies are well performed but Reports, page 533. And the same doctrine was enu- by Davis aad Bonner, were unable to agree, afterdeolsian of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania in ms, in which it was held that, in case of difference betweea a State and the United themerated and established in the learned and verywere the only umpire who could settle thewas refused. He would now to another passmon womenso far with thealso the decision of the State ofdischarged. fendant in tbis case was remanded to theThe de- Tombs, awlat issuemXyin which the Supreme Court of that Slate ex- pressed the opinion that the appellate power of the United Statea Court did not extend to that Court, and akedlenee to the mandate of the United States CourtStates, peoplecase, decided in 18i6.questiorifraternizing on the boards.Gentiles as to a Dramatic Associationment were, therefore TheyDIavements.CorretfomteitM o/Uu yew-Y»rk 7\met,MUAS, Saturday, Jan. 21, ISM.acted under the orders of his Government. After Sir J. H. departed, the French Ambassador and all the smaller fry arrived, with similar remonstrances and similar reasons for remonstrating.in the famous Dred Scottif the opinions of the Attorneys General of theUnited States are consulted, the same doctrine will be found. The illustrious Wk. Wiet, in a writtenGaeibalsitha King to be strong-to be firm—to let the and an excellent orchestra. The plays are all in theopinionbySecretaryagain. Bridget Conncrs,Leftaloneoncemore,exhortedknown as the Germanla—having a tasty little German tongue, kut the place la a fashionable resori,whether one knowsA new rival for fame aad half dollars, known ason Jan.cowards go—to summon the advanced party to his aid—to allow Mazzui to reenter Italy, and work open-ly for Italian unity. The King expressed great sym- not.only qualification reijaired by the Ckjnstitu-tion to render a person eligible aa President, Senatoror of the United Statea that he Representative is,'stall be a citizen of the United States' of a givenbad been for tome short tlmsprevious, jewelry and"and admiration for Hazioisatisfy the requisitions of age and residence as welltomey accepted a plea of petit larceny, and Recorder Bab-ivAXD sent her to tbe House of Refuge.and LocisNapolsoh would never allow him to be a', the blood and sacrifice of neacc. Gaeibaldi finding that he gained no ground, ;of the nation, lor these and other reasons which;holidays: giv-talked of so flippantly. He lookedand Government as the consummation of all the edu- Frenchmen, at the fiat of the author of tfte peace of then reminded the King that he was a Republican gaiety pleasure. every little fall of Constitution, by description 'citizens of the very leniently with him. His Honor, accordinely,experienceofthepast.Ourrevolutionwast\erevo-tiiemassesbytheleadersoftheModerateParty,bydependentItaly,hehadplacedhimselfunderttieor-inourBroadway,andtheoccupaatslullascheerfulequalprivile•ges.*»• ment,leavingthepunistimentforthisoffencestUlwithout furthering his aimwhen ttie King next suiiimoDed him he would no deserves mention. One of the officers has succeededoath of allegiance. He is not required orthat he should, there- fore, return to the bte'.hren of his faith, and thatAmongtho out-doorthe revolution of their countries. respectiveand ifare to a walkedont;want to the Central Park, aad on her return in tbs cars, atheir leaders whether they will not be forced to leave,t-haplu,duke, Carey. Ingraham and Bascom Asslsu- in lt46, the same;pli^ydago bynacle.to leave Utah, but i saywheat, barley aiid oats a* vou have done heretofore."ol the com- those whothe breUiren.farts go to show the same thing, for instance, theas a ecttterotherLieut. Weed commanding Morgan.BAasAan^ s^ «*)• ^JSS^^^ J^J???3to be five and dollars,,Jas suchbrethren, but they are worth, in reality, only about four und a half, and of course cannot be circulatedIn the of was remanled tooutside ofComplete the world Is", "njenytilewill not circulate out of their ownhare no means thatcan2E0 men. un>;erand other Snaolsh-Amerlcaa Stale* has dSBOBstratad to them as well as to us thatwas one of oouinmg;amusements, rabhlt-huntlng, sportsmanlike name, bare-hunting,permitted pliclty with the said McCabe, with robbing a sot- to take any such oath the allegiance which he owes disant Polish Coantciv. herself Gllns-longer find hioi. He then shewed the King a letterHe believed the masses of the people were more of Louis Napolzo:v for the sole welfare of from Mazzisi, and told liim the contents of his own lack of game, the sage brush fairly swarming with Chancellor Kxsr, the great commentator on Ameri- Tbe Atslstaat Distiict-Attomey first ealiel Eliza-Tlrtoooa and inteiligent than their repre- Italy,—now that he Is again Prime MiniA-.seatatlves. It has been said tliat If Congress ter, who can doubt for a moment of tho 'prohibited Slavery in the Territories it would cause a final, immediate and entire redemption of Italy dlssolatloB. Why that was the very doctrine enun- No one, if we are to judge by the majority of the ciated by Jarrxasoir. He read the letter from Hr. Italian Press, by tha illuminations in Parma, ModeoacompleteHe says:"In most of the Unit&l States there is a distinctioncided to eater a noUs preio;iis in her behalf, and use her, on State's evidence, aa a witness for the prosesu- lion. Costello was then called forward and his trialwho first made of Vicroa Euabdil tlie tool and slavea fair ofpack hounds, and there Is no receives from the laws."inreply. The King was agitated—told Gaeibaldi that hares.even he did not know hiji thoroughly ; that he was No description of Camp Floyd would be; tliat heas great a radical as Gaeibauii could be— BxArrsKio and Simso were aot "game" theyeach otberfrom the action of the from legislative States,aad was altar h«ulasrefused to carry out their plans In the face of diplom- acy, and Gaeibaldi was left to choose between acting In defiance of his late or the dissolutionCourts, from thereturn to that apartment stie missed both girlcolleagues,— which be Mr.HausaidhabelievedtlieprovisionoftheCon-promulgationofbisCommunelaw,hasemancipatedbroughtaboutbythainterferenceoftheEogilstaHniJiE&Ri7saELLharelostovertwothousandheadpwrietehchreilhdefraonmdtIhteimsawhpreinveivlegreinemayentiresloytoCostello'sCahf Flotb, V. T., Wednesday, Jan. 16, ISeaa at the corner of Chatham andto rest a fewIn a sermon In the Taber-his ber of bis resicence.on ana sowdeeds, and you can judge for your- WUethei these t.itlers were given by authority of di- praff. Archer, Uankhead, Stlth, Webb, Cttambers,client was entiUed to a ..•rr.H<h.ttheitarawerethepropertylibertyand bear in mind that Ratazzi, durvine revelation, ur a sagacious penetration intohuman is not but at all events it is affal/s, pretended,under the othering the late months, has been laboring under difficul-and 'ThomasFourthLleuts. Goode and Second Pragtwn*—Strength 290.passamong thea MHkirg a total. Including fewsoldiers, no, 3,143.)founded of upon principleseither It is apersons enjoy equal or it is ex-obDoiioos to them, because the Cnnrch has a systemsgiaa persons are not tke colored race are universallr in aa abjaef aad ia-of the delinquentJudge presentedIniquitous source of revenue.Tennessee in the case of the vt. StateForce In Utak.emTetfOttdenet <)f tke New- York Timet.of theour Stats a eoteed privilege which, for rea-collectingThe case Is in'eresting.veryrights and privileges of citi- may take. Sir, upon tlie resolation bow before I zens in the State of Connecticut. Bat Chief Justice as,justicequestion whether aegro SlaTcc^is, atfSsr M* eir- cumitancesrUkt orI assert tliat colored by States,aadnotof usury which it realizes enoroious sums, and citizens of tbe UnitedtMr an net la ikasliilB bondage they are in a state of suhjsctltKi aad tuts ki SBand had they passed the statute theentirely destroyedTimpanagos, Rush,in theTheof the African race, were citizens of other States, and well as natar* T Whatever coarsepopulationof theeach andlmmu-ed—still better for the publicniiml— oQwrwUe^It may be said. Sir, that these daclsloas are not toAfter further debate Kt. Dawbs' amendment was and arrived just as the entire Cabinet had offered nlsiilng an abundance of wood. The only rnnning the same doctrine had been asserted and maintained They prefer to go to the Briusb ProvlBoes or to thaa*should be favored more than class of persons.plan for furthering the national aim.On the 3d January Gaei2au>i returned to the King,otherMr. ofMoKTOOMXBT, Pennsylvaxla, (Dem.,) pro-publishersanyone room from 12 to 19 feetcers have made such ad'ditloDS In the way of staoles,wascamp,cheapIn the year 1837, the Supreme Court of Pennsylva-The jury in the case of David Beach, s/iar Leach," The Varieties," the sprung up duringif nativity, residence and al- legiance combined (without the rights and privilegesHighDutch from LowDotch orvaluedat$65. Shewa? with clothing charged grandlarceny, but as she was only 15 years of age, and Itof the offi- expense, as taste or necessi-Tberesolution S6iiays.fortha Association were dissolved. Gaeibauii and Sir of their own brewing, and the building of the first nia, Chief Justice Gibsok presiding, held precisely eharged with forging a check oa the Nassau Baak,been absentToar—The Secret of Garibaldi's Keoeat ergy and daring to the Italians, as a statesman be the tragic pieces are generally painfully funny. The elaborate opinion of the Supreme Couit of the States them out of Coun to renew their delioerations, batbut said that until hewas prepared to break openly with the French Em- ing us now three theatres in camp. To these places ol a white man) are sufficient to make him aperor, he could not openly sanction Mazzihi's pres- of resort add two billiard-rooms and two bowllng-al- of the United States' in the sense of the Ckinstitution. ence, since he was condemned to death In France, le)s. There is also a Masonle and then free negroes and mulattoes are eligible to thosewithout a word about Fairfield, awas sei-king to disentangi* himself from an alliance baidt of the creek, immediately opposite camp. This persons and free colored perM>n5 of African blood; commenced. The first witness was the Coantess,Shunk, Chief Medical Directorof these —one day rich, another poor.keepersmayhistory,the decisions of State and Federallaws of Congress, from the opinions of successive Attorneys-General, from the action of the ExecutiveDepartment of the Federal Government and from aplaces pluck A gambler, well knows here, was known to have bad at one time $30,UOU, saved from his gains, but in a few months heleft here "broke."There is little news of interest In the Territory toHicxiuH wasHeKTisoTOH slightly hurt Forty shots were fired, and it Is strange no more were The affair;they permitted vote, it is mere privilege which may be granted to them under whatever re-she proceeded to the hoose of CtostoUa,.jetso that she could return them tothe Countess ;Porter, r»ii(» /n/iinft-v—Total strength jresent. In round590. Offleers Comdg. Regt.;ambers,Smith,Cununlngs and GroverpresentCapts.Lieuts. Marshall, Cliaton, tional Convention upon the question whether thijeJones,PotterandStevenson Lleu's. ;Lleuts.Rich. Brotherton. Torbert, Rltter, Bristol, Nlcodemasbe to grantedof about 2,450 men snd 81 officers.was more than twenty to one, (yes, 225 the indictment was sent backap ths ragl- Moniioas. And if thair money merts and corps. . — .The truth Is, Sir, there IsMr*.KmUy Kopp,theypat Intgeral drcu na*eofpeSl*ioeny,ltcommunity, they the rest of mankind nor country, because they;anilyoncan never Induce,oUentitledDocumentSurgeon:raloabla dress ( tevillageon therightinies|iecitopolitical privilege*, between free whitethat enalaved him, and was determined to prove hlm- village is habitually called Frogtown, and Is Inhabited and in no part of tbe country do the latter, in fact, Pelagia Gluukoi, who is Toung, veryl as ea a^ Jansssos referred to by Mr. Tooubb to show that it and Bologna, by the radiant faces and hymns of selfa true Italian; that at the first sign of opposition almost wholly by gamblers and grog-sellers, such as participate equally with the wkitet, in the exercise of and superlatively dressed, and who washaeraadiaomat taU of emancipation and Anti-Slavery senti- triumph that greet one ii> the streets of Milan. Stillcivil and political right;. Tae African race are es- in the Polish whlob to the aanezatlon of Central Italy, he would break follow the movement of every considerable body of sentially a degraded caste, of inferior rank and con- through Mr. Kszinsti langmage,scarcelr practica- The last mail probably biought you news of thethe notorious Billhe lssurrouiid-.d by some of the most distinguished has ii'currt'd the displeasure of the Danites, the High habited this country centiuies before the white man went to her bedroom Is ask her for them, but the dearHungaiiauchieff, wtui,wilu himself,believe inwar CbuichMormons,andbutforthelargepartyheleads crossedtheAtlantic,arenotcitizens.waslocked, andthe Oontessmadenorespoasst* who are her knock ; ao she went back to tke pailar, airaysdin on the Countess' bonnet, sad the furs, patin the Spiing, and 11 utters do not lead that war, lawould iooB be disposed of, HonnaeTOB 1* a Dsnlte leader.Injured.occurred Christmas Day. as the people were leavingThe next point I make. Sir, is thatnot citizens cannot have the right of suffragessmblT, proposed amendment, A«». 7.;da rests, be Is a lite- nlshlng supplies to it And certala It is, they neither will tlie people of New-York consent that that race ir-^r'Lri*b.e'r^i.a?c'o^n*tains a slaiUsrSome of his friends were absent..|liNw*^>*t»*'>oUA<iU dlicrbnlattlon between Mr. SazsvAa replied they were absent *a their own gatolets of suhstaaoe. Taoisi Is a distin- they could not effect by force of arms, and they made i"^» possessed of a (reehold estate of the value of Gghten this benighted c^tlaMt: mS^SS^JSt^hfaTOrofrepealingtheFuglllTeSlavelaw. sndnotbefore. MAXiHiLiAa,whenCroveraorofVenetianLombardy. topublicinterest. PerhapsthestatutesofUtahare thoughanomalous,IthasbeenacqulessedIn,Ifaot experienceofmanklBd. Letasaotseora haim to nit kr Mr.BiaLBa, of Penusjlvanla, (Dem.,) presented a Mr. SBXaiUB said the election of Prlater was aot Vsosszi Is a noted fiander, but a narrow partisan of more defective than any oihers in existence, because unlversaHy approved—but 1 venture to predict that tbe same experlaaea. Let as aat dasplse tte wtadeZrespect nor obey the authority of the Federal Govera-shall patticlpate on equal terms In the sovereigaty of the Empire SUte. Many believe that our CoBStitutiaa Is even now too IntColgent when It allows the few ne.pioylsloBmenL .They have by strategy what accomplishedBles being to provide ah^;the nexro as question of tha removal of the Court of Cassation Justice Ecisis, willing to believe that these defects white man, will be rejected with freelyss to the us beaad tuUoo. Let aot misled l>r tbe teacUan afMr. Biu thought it was.Hr. iTxaaoH, of Georgia, (Dem.,) reported a large Hr. SautH, of Virginia, (Dem.,) desired to glra rea- from Turin to Milaa, he was oae of Ratassi's arose from Ignorance, took the trouble to draw up scorn whenever submitted to the voice of tho peoolo against tbe lawsof GadaBdBalBia,aadt* sstsoktaMla*' nmber of private bills which had been paisedapon sons for postponement, bat was called to order.'stauachest oppoaenta. CAseiNirs, Minister of Justice with Ms own bands almost a complete code of laws, There are only two grounds on which the proposed reductioa of tbe superlar aad tha Jafsriormeai Is IBadesignated to promote industry, and thrifU- theirmvaetlvecoaatitss.tteoslesad mStatZmjodlctoBS f'laiMdlescy, which they can alter at their pleasure, when- Brevet Brig. Gen. A. T. Johnston, Comdg. Dept; ever they revise their organic law.Ssrond firsgoons.Brevet Major F. J. Porter At n'l Adj. Gen.; Lieut. L.she wanted the furs and tae bonnet of the Countess that night because she ex-A WiU'ams, Tenth lnfai.tiy. Ald-de-Camp upon Col.pectedMulberry streeta, to takeBrevet C. F. Sndth. Lleut.-Col. Tenth Infantry, Comdg.H F. Clarke. D(!pot Com. SubsistenceDeputy Q M. Gen.; Cspt. P. T. Tumley, DiSpot Q. M.; Capt.unless he had resided in theState three years,andtre be did not come abe'Uved vrith tbe Coantess; pidd <b* Cooatoii flw bad <mj bena wtto lb*;Brevet-Col. C. F.not possessed of sufficient real estate to them qualifyI.did not mind staying outLleuts. Green and Gay;;to the ballot-box to openand aad amendmentcanbebasedFirst, then,stitution. The citixens here spoken of are those who The whole colored populatloii of tUs State—blaafctledyears of age.grazing spotsat the foot of the mountains by which it is bouaded. be received as authority here, because they were selves In New-York so long as oar CoasUtiitlan srll^ On the mountain tides grows the stunted cedar, fur- pionounced by courts In slaveholding States. But the holds from them the fall privileges of clUnBAia,civil authorities of the town in which sueh school might be. An information having been filed against;so-callad «m««ui~mmade<Court in that case, and who is conceded House are tinited as oae man la the determlaattoa to universallycitizenInbankbillstotheamountof$206. Indicted-forcalling Pelaglakoi, residing at Ho. 055 Houston-street, of^a set ofworth furs, $150.cau law, corroborates the same view of the subject. beth McCabe to the bar for ti^iil, but presently de-fair construction of the Constitution Itself, that citi-race, and that they alone constituie the sovereignty Caie. who deposed : That she was not a ssrvaat tostrictions and(t, c, the citizeas) think proper to constitutionallyqualifications the sorcreign peopleof she refuted to sell them, and weat agate—other Western states rtispense withl<>r$f,question was discussed, and thename and the right nam- rightNor- of oneof "»;resolution,ordnanceare atwut fifty officers absent from the De- And in several counties, less than a vo'es for correction-ameasure so abhorent to publicCharles Reinhardtabout tbe Tcmha, wa* ehargedIn P«"^„j wmt imIncluded In the Department are tbe troops at FoitBrk"(i»T, coislsting of one oompanv of Dragoons, twooflbeTenlh iofantry, and oae of the Sereath, say Even the liagro race (aemaeives are conscious of this. His counsel made appear <tlh»atith'?',^j „f belagcommand of CoL Cabtt.TlM of Hextoo historywas Improperly drawn, and ":'^,^^aiag good*Itrial, of $10, obktetevir IM Mr*pattUeat ia . n-*l—l^Ihs^LMdaan^ pressed chlidnm .f Afrtca, ud uTntSSSi 2S1al- and of Liberia actedreasoa, wiaaly. T^eyptattadindignatloa fsaaUea whose mertiidsyiiqraAlssIapH themsame leveL It Is not aeeessary for ns ban ladl«pa«it neither right nor expedient diverse views on ttiat question, must all tbatpedient that equal suffrage should sbueffrage, grantedthe~-nsf1tats **tt statMs, boss «^-t the half, of society, aad wiio pay a large part af lb* taxatloB, have ao right to vote, and there ao poUtt- LoflacsofCattle—StatementoftheIHUItary controllingtheirownactions,andenjoyingthefruit calpartywhourgethatfemalesshouldbeeatitkidtoKing to join BaArrixio A Co., and the affairs arrange—and urged GAainALsi to return to the King and use another. The principal inducement la locating the are entitled to all the privileges and Immunities of and mutatto—In 1640, was 50,027 ; in 1850, It had *-'|T»different valleys, asof the yazione Armata. BaArriaio and Smo, who Cedar, 4c., in which theGeisb, who delivered the opinion of the Court, said ":eatire aad half,accordingto sosaeof their own labor, batvote,meaKma of expediency, we deny to our earsociety,with whommotaera, wives, our sisters and our cUldreat Sir, tbe partw who row control the Legislature, and whose poU^deprivaendd free citizen,of almost other every^%hy, then, seek to extend to all thecoastituting an infe- public opinion has never peimltted the white poptUadon to associate on terms of equality, and in relation to whom the lawsInhabitingword 'citizen' as used in the section under consid- '|b»- posed to expunge from tbe Constitutioii, tbe toersasabeingofof ue peoDle will never ssree to ItUnder the present salntatyprorlsioa wfalck i t Isor slaves fugitive from service—will aotloests IbiiiBgeneral sentiment of oar ftceof and we shallWhy, then. Sir, Is thisthat tbe law was strength hy incorporating thousands ot negro vofltahours. Thethey again returned, after a considerable interval, and stated that there was no Ukelinood of their agree-the girt HeCabeirasiB the pulor when she left her for* there, but aa herfurs;gtrigive with ber;previousto this the Coantess had dsythe next day she strange gcjitleman proposed to purchase the fiiisher for $50;;Costello's wife told her that their land-aad she would raise the money to redeem them before;gentleman her to Laura Keeae's Thea-Cyonuntgess wtmM net care the e»tabU»hme*« « ;;hlsvrifo; bs gaveCounsel for Co.tello here con-T-""* Sd Ta?U*^^ f«"«* ^^ capacity, to do to. having no power to *«' i?/i„<j|o.meDt alsoInto tUswe Aall degrads Ibaisis. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 