 that agot by royalafionlylegalof the tmr ttk. Oami|lahalMtnnedto Kapolaao, to the eCeid tt,.tilhedoe.BOta«.l»tthe Papd awy taree«»-toet enck -^ bnll-fighter, iieing eraeOy" goiedby a bvll, who did not ondentand the pra|ter the-TllMflM ^«I« l«£iniiljigorganized liberty—vldted up good relations withthe saidCourt;o/Pruttiaarenot^^^VemirtmiimgittftaSti_Iu\l^s^^^}±^*^ °' a fiJSgn eccleslSlc, weTe Intlons could now no longer be atljottmed. The Sar- Prussia The patt which she Is now playbg bIke quarreibered that this took inplace the year IBM, at a time the feeUng of the International duties had till then in-TMiiil/illniwii Mitturcs.practiee <rf buU-Sghts. Then,again,thearmyIsoutoftemper.ODohkulU-*J?!f•**^fl'*'<'TM«"'«'l^dbeenfermed.«mied an order to arrest its chief favorite. Gen. a baU wai to be given to the Prince on a so^eof i_ of Intemitknal relation*, and had a tendea^to ifaake_-Deputaredecidedlylookingindirectly backingdispatch-ftonBatMnS<AtLal*Tn"to1LralTIIan Oonaapondtnt.ple which has founded and literary jour- Papist call him a Protestant. Napolxow III. is and optolons, and that only Irishbut it also which would be forced upon his Majesty the EmperorOct. 19, I860. to beUevemore andbetvraen Naples and Turin,ofP«», Friday,therefore slow to beUerSaooonneemeiM of aaoawc^rtissatA-aiUjtandCatoob,dodae to inanre the acquiescence _Jn the entry of Victo»Emai"TM. into thewhenabandof same St.Petersburg. Why,in&ct.shouldwebeb*OuuBxiDito say that these reso-regret 7no better fi&ald !ia»e been taTeated by Catotte tofor a^^r?.i,'*'!S!2? "..''I'^'J'' » manner which had a profound peace, without any declaration of war, abuse us. She has hopes that we sUB SMa.'VItion to0B;ii|etion tltat nothing is lost by procrastination,-onlywhethergen- fighting for Devil or Pretender.poaaessa^M fubUc opinion~is caily undergoing more andthe of the a communication was effected part crew,Vou will Inform~do who would wish to see those persons,Borne will therefore fall to Victob I'hey ask him to place himself out of the pale of alla in iavor of such an issue to the (^ change"Faugh-a-ballagb"thisOorrespoadsat.peaceablyin duetime,awhile Venetiathe principles he represents and all the rules he has laid down. They ask him to renounce the moral au-the set vices of the life. boat wereagaincalled Into re-Prince, Ac,M. le Prince Caoaeih, Ac."GORTSCHAKOFF.AustriaMAfiU the new kingdom can organize its militaryquisitionwBI' BetakaB iioai ftices.bywar,not yetwhich he exercises for the welfare and thedisgust.report;proceedingsFrankfort, are not yet orsr. quarrel among themselvaa, become a terror to all honest bark- ers. The latest accounto concern the Aostiia^At no period in the his- •fgitfi^^fbii Boman Church has there been a greater cgAMiW pasaion, or a more complete absmdon-Roper of UlverstoneHall-bjriie^ctfingbut declined to leave their theyTS oo bounds.;to the Sardinian memorandum ofthe I2th ofof Yictoh Ehakuil as " a j^«wjif bohilalaehoods," and call the king him-Sovereigns who signed it never had the pretension to impose by force of arms the rlghu which were re- served in It. That pretension would have been irre-was to consecrate. Austria lost at Solferino her supremacydelay. For,f'tKB^ proclamation mStk '' crowned brigand."wallartillery, 20,000 muskets, more than 600 18,000 prisoners, with all-The LiberalpapersofGermany,andespeciallyof the advanced section of the CSdrti^toaders only injure their own cause, since Jtdt^toWa that the Emperor Napolkon is muchenemy's generals,"— HORICIIBE."I add, the Jame oILa-IL, Naples, by'^^pMe''t&)lencesol——.a caniadtiHglalsed at tiwm. The publication of the letters Italy after havuig jl^^OjP^ Ii I campaignthat of Austria ? OughtIt is a warranted forbrittle " European" Brummagen article, notKreui-Zeitiaig, to deftnAthet"out shortly. I predict that it will be far smarter"disputeordonnkncc of Locis <latad;yMj3th of October, 1814, letters of nobilityVeq^coidedexcept for a just cause, for Governments which arejCA8C^Ml„,ius son, who had attempted to assas- inattt tke Emperor Napolkok. History is a terri-mies of France.Thus, in every point of view, for the maintenanceof the legitimate influence of the Emperor in Europe, for the maintenance of our good relations with the other Powers, for the truth of our policy, for the very honor of France, such conduct is not possible,.spring,"that willyetsupplyalone,)thismilitaryassistancs atkle 4wd weight to those who allowtheirmmk'teaOoa Conference of Warsaw, so manypowerpresencet^titterofiudgment.all concur inYesterday I said that the King would (-nterwas only a dip-lij^ese Irish, who had sold them- it to dqcedbut—mutiny, disorganization andof Fanti makes no mention ofThethe Irish.but the result of herhas notStates, in garrison at Not only do the soldiersbe can there see that he was not only by them, but that they considered himcapitals ' asd'were ready to enter into any com- people,and and his distinctly,wldchwouldweakenhisor iuflu-we are far from towishing the greatFrenchandofyear sistancepedition of Sicilypowersuredlyly-avowed movtog power of our policy, which in Ger- commands by a ship of his own. * *theyour that party prevented me from taking theaim at toe and the re- developmentwas' conceived,pnfcftimthy three women, but none of your or-^tnttf wonieD, nothing less-than the Queen of Eng- land,theDowagerEmpressofRussia,andttieEm- excite butIfwehadwiWBtineorganized,broughtthe profound perturbations, the Infractions of public law, the violent invasions, the precipitate annexationsandfyxH/aa of entering it.perceivingafar,denied the satis-It ;"est odor of tobacco smoke andone State,it fromwaswould have become the leader of"Let us that Europe suppo.'^eaf theat the which have been attemptsJuan isTwoor threeanimosityto allwUchin aBiiK», and nam^ teoUBi* mm hoowu^iPPPP^PiP MHP ^^^^ ^^^tm-IM^^^imsi,papers,ytt^ eODdemn loudly, and very properly, the con- have said, what would all Europe have said ? They ^fein^ ^Provisional Government at Naples for would have looked upon Italy thus protected as amanyalwaysIparticularlylegitim-French And for the of whom would tUttiliig a poiaion to the widow and childreikof a Italy. advantageabounding in attic salt. AU the attempts made by to hasten the annexation of Sicily—an aimexatloD importance principle nationalities,siaii Government cannot on toat account admit thethe Emperor have turned his arms against his old ally, wMlir'WhilattemptedthelifeofKingBohbatwo theKingofSardinia,andhaveplacedhimselfinfla-Tbackzrat to explain away the fatal words arc which, if it had been completed, I should not have Justification of a policy which would renounce all the Butwhen a conscientions Govermnent4ikatheVtas-jfapsafc^ and was executed for it.disaccord withof Governments which, according us neither theirplesBut they for-grantEngland?advantage!wwUt-iMfrhietheB IhOttiMto therappd.Woo«««tthe PBpe >«g eetuaHy Bp^lL nut nation la oat of luuiMr,—it Ka* joat•deepfeelingte*eOatbolleP^ie,propoaed an oUiBatBDca»tear<fc«l ^reltyty»a«fc niiBiinittnii ~^iProvtaeee Us mtaami wHl leaveBome.OnethtagIsoertam,thepeiaODSwho wish to see the Pope adopt this Utter coune CtaribaMl and are delighted with the withdrawal of his Ambassa-BaaaaaM* — TkeijudalbrreoairliH*queringthe Bomsnoryand correctand it iathe word r^ublican be- serves, has been attacked with equal violence by;fasto evoke? The threatening attitude of Austria Gen. LAHoaiotiaa prescribed as the only cure for their dinian ftmcttonaries who were placed at the head of to her backets. From'Mae.iidefiutiai. ,toof ibe grmt Powers to obtain their CombiBaticm whU^h doea not concernpcnde— great American Republic,propenstUes. The Prince of Wales wlQ nottii^Ely, Benrolnticni and a republican succesa save the— maype glad for agettheir presence, even if it be only at ailright by accept,wltb a maa <4 Oj'rerun's calibre aa &» moreBMiit, woqM hatva awakened all :^«d .ti«aUe«oiaa q>irits in Europe,yethardlymoment believe. Ten years ago Irishout now times altered. Theold aboutthemand who there defend their autttorUy against the rio-to lose, and in which. it wfU be JonBorne or to renounce his -powatb.in -eitber of wliich case ViciobL wiQ be1Jxieonie the centre of the newengagement,skirmish and assault made the feathersindependence and te STert the cootagion # oarIi'forced toquitFrom tke London Times. quesuon merely of Italian interests, but of aKing of VTeMtia,it is best to wait for events,proclaimedItaly,exist In Europe.cashire eoast At the time the sea was Majesty Emperor deems it ImpMslble that anotherall the military re- -MiMiljfoftte kingdom. Thus, with a determina-veryMind, martyrs" atlaeantimeand kingdom.onlycock isSof^hiSo^^Jf"""',Saturday no couldextent.'to puteralship. It is absurd to attribute cowardice to by a steam-tug, which took tier to wtodward of the ter, consequently, that upon seeing these Instructions,At the same time the Emperor is\The PnisdsBOOTeramatbaa >ddi«naAit, Htfdor from Paris.deeply offendedmade and are making in France to coin political capital against him over the grave of the Karquis DEPtXODAlf.zens of Mew-York met to show theirofresult, a prick in the hand of Monsilxt.nalsParia,Messrs.far from in France now. The fact popular just is,that he is not respected by Frenchmen of honor onn.bont tWa deaiiable end, for the many-head- Is dictated the very "TheareOan the Emperor ally himselfmoved the scorn and derision^oagastet of ISiS is not yet forgotten,<rf TtLASCiBarticle on the Emperor's Italian ac-' policy, which,^ WhUe the review Is"of the world. Bv aU without to cross the firontlers of the any provocation,citlzen-soldiers"simple enbogh to back aJBTt^Trilfr aB»_ ,pMwi| aadchannservatlsm, or some Anti-OaUieaa prejadfee, it piw- sibly from some dynastic Mtaiijjan«Bts,_we u« toat the nme oCx-ftiUowCertainly,Europerallyingstrug-XYIU., sympathies nur their confidence, have no right to de-mand such Eacri£ce6The Emperor cannot and will not make sacrifices,The beauty of it is. that the " dull verbosity" is au and embarrassments for me. But I will not permit way of reforms, and, by respectmg existing rights, iy, 80 long as the Italians confine themseNea' toto Josxfb Casoddal, " as a re-cqnppM for the fidelity and devotion" of Gxoboe not hateful to their own people and are not the ene-Italy, and that it will not afford any mflitaryssaaU own best style. Hence the fatal words, " to Greece to say to ine send me a commls.sion. I desire neither .According to the Sardinian note, everytoing should aiice, even if they attack Venice, (with tfaair (to passion getSo have IAnother lion raise another roar.And the first lion thought the last a bore."to toet|mir.f0off and so much discussed, takes placemanltma ever at the end of this month. A Bel- and is, in fact, in revolution. A revolutionary situa. fJHtpi^ier informs " astonished Europe" that this tlonhas temporarily replaced for that country theThe best attack on spirit-rappings has been made;I have his letter. On the 10th the Piedmontese troops crossed the frontier of those Provinces, and in a fewinstead of being the powerful arbiter in questions of equilibrium, he would have lost the very tiftonal should have chosen for the seat of its deli- titles of his jurisdiction ; and, though elected by 8,000,000 01 suffrages and representing the national will, he would have become nothing more than the in-fect new annexations by virtue of universal suffrage,undoubtedlyill-manitered of the Prussiaa-Is itnotabe her terror;saliva,which hefbreva rest the odium ofStates.little singular too that this absolutistl>«Sl»Uun» the Capital of Poland? It is thus Wataaw that the heirs of the thrones on which willYankee drawing-room. Unlike TnACKyRAV,that the SarJmian Government, whileway tovokingtrograde measures, which are to^ririt of progress and civilization where it is.based on the love and gratitude of the people.G. GARITBALDI."own, this. And they presume on this Wc receive from a sure source the news dispateh to M. le Comte de Cavocr, and to leave a courtesy to a great extent. Take one or two ex-ai\%tSMpie», where it is known Gabibaloi doescountry, he did not mean Piedmont only, but Italy. His sentiments, like his mission, have not under-power of an insignificant minority to set itself against the feelings of the pnblic, and, by its violence, noise,.rMl^.l&iiBjlAPOLZOii, the caricaturists arescribing againstdiplomatistsroyal intriguers.Somemonths presstrainfromMunichtoParis. Fromor asthe liberals ferocious treatmentat theof thesouthward, France. Atthethe foulestand they nill certainly do it,to atiments on such acts andwonders ofkeepsandsofpoliti-tepreferringprinciplespatience, courtesyamusingit forms a the censure of the We Gaeta. We abstain from details until part unthinking.'with thtf otyiomatwith the Interests of our coimtry, with the mission of the Emperor, with the character of our institutions, witli cal tb on record, are to meet to deliberate on the re- the movement of new ideas which prevail every-the restless where.France could no more assume the part of AustriaFortu- in Italy than she could serve tlte revolution she ;nately neither of the three gentlemen who are to could no more favor revolutionary annexations than she could favor absolutist reactions. When the Em. conpoae this hnperial and royal caucus are pos- peror called upon the Italians to be the soldiers of a of intellect enough to be very dangerous great cause, so as to become the citizens of a greati fcfa^jtoaand ofhavingcommitteddoingliaving parceled out thatkeeping_to whom God has confided the holy mission ofItalian Called provinces.to our sen- upon pronouncengrsvfog, showing Napoleon seated in a chairwith his skull opened, and his brain laid bare, whileuonnd him are the difl'erent monarchs of Europe would be a contradiction ; the intervention of Austriaruns towith hW the asual bsgs and was entering, a Qertmtan gands-Speaking of diplomatists, it is a fact that from treaties of IglS, now favors Italian unity Prussia, ;happened,proof that the of Uie Prmce's they appreciate spirittime inunemorial diplomatists have been in falsea recent document emanating from thevisit, and know how toEmperorrespect- and nurtured this rLsing electoral kingdom.his comrades in strain of future cam- propheticpositions, but never was there one in a worseKehlif theyXiogit.{_dFBAHCia n., at Turin.disposed prairiewMch we have wimessed to such wild movements ?He went to see Mrs.Messina,'." disorders. So long as I am with you these sowers of toat a Government is regularHonsxlet and BabbizbsPapistsrefusedto doon the day in which thePalrit with to- lespeetpolicy of the Emperor Napolkon, the writer ob-two classes of opponentsthough the French Government, in stopping short at Tula&anoa, desired to check the revolution, tohelped ofSpoleto,^r yfv»,.VBtiji»A' You took in Italy, gave an irresistibleand a few parts of the Union. ^^^^^^ l^lf^ to?na?S?f ?i?' -"^^'W'- "bice it only throws provinces more, the very first use they wooldment,your^r^v?^;,l7" .*'**«»''yrevolution to itspresent femtiers,impulse to a whole peo- the money and blood of France in the cause, and now, when a dynasty so odious and un-without break orcessation,from the march on Pe-demonstrationswillreceiveItscondemnationfromall inaa^ nottoaSriSt?/.?' gatherWas the other line of conduct less possible or less dangerous?to-dayquietude of Italy, to the balance of power, and toe peace of Europe. To sustain this maxim the road of reform is(the Gaeta) and Capt. KcBB bearItaly is passing through a great crisis of her destiny, and to regular conditions of international existence. Henceabandoned for toat of revolution.the whole responsibility of it.serious aig-Could France lend a hand At present, perhaps, weor We should necessarily have had to break otf witn Russia, which has just withdrawn her ainbas.sadorroonicreputation.i<ig for lU refiisai,it has invaded the the Papal States,distrust,^Aoatria. We are not informed whether Instead of blaining her, what would have happened ?"enough to silence all frivolous apologies."You will have seen how violently the Bngji^ Press declaim upon the subject of Capt. Kacdos-rare to form apartof themeeting,the army that the Sovereign Pontiff had raised to matotain public order has been attacked and disperj- ed. And,farfrom inthecuurseitispursu-of international the Sardiruau ing in contempt right,they furnish the notes on which the ne- from Turin with ;which Prussia, protestsTheyAddress from Garibaldi. GARiBALni has issued another address to theare based.-diet that they will be excluded from theINevertheless,pre- interesting conclave, and thus they remind us of Moses, who,after conducting his people to the prranised land,Government has given orders to its army to cross justwe cantria,Iwith Au.s- which feels herself menaced. We should in. evltably have drifted Into universal war. The for-Bonn. Bo fiir as I have seen,tune of her her — France, labor, industryids characterrevolution, heinstead of being the pacificator of Europe, he would"Gkaktley Berkley, in tight trowsers and Stale of Europe, and what it might be in the In- (jomts, with the avowed object uf going to the assist-all that would have been abandoned to the hazards of a gigantic con- flict. 'The Emperor would have changed his part and instead of being the moderator of theof people Italy.It isentitled,the frontiers of the Kingdom of Naples at different;:pationcountry.gracestrument of aNeither of these two attitudes was inpresent case being altogetherparty.dently desire that my words may be heard by those toe .>«me principle m its relation wito the rest of thedeny.left out of the question, I think I never saw suchinde. pcndence of the Peninsula without encouraging an- archy theie. A recognized Sovereign by the whole of Europe, he Is not allowed to approve the violation ofgone any changehe stlU wishes to assure theand Ill-breeding, to calldownFromtheLondon It IS not diflicult for theOct-24.;Times, youngestlilHirilAliiiaThua unong other good things, they publish an International law. A Sovereign elected by universal may s>'mpathlze wito ail the country detests, and mayglory in displaying its malevolence and narrow-mind- euness in the face of popular Indignation. God for- bid that we should ever desire that the people ofimmenselyexpenselatter.the official documents which arelect the time when Austria wasthat she had not the least intention to strike the first blow against Sardinia, but Sardinia was acting so offensively that really, &c., &c. And then, itsuffi-age, he cannot make himself the support of Kings whose people forsake them.|{I1Victor Emanael's Title te the Kingdom of Italy.junction of a littlebranch which;Eagles be consideredpar-wereby France. It says Irishmen,victimsto abadcauseandworselonglngmediately launched, and subsequently taken In towship. Aftersomedifficultyandconsiderableskillonextreme courses could be with prudence :adoptedyou should ask for your passports and Instantly quit Turin, with all Ihe personnel of the Legation.'*Whatthe Emperor turn against Italy, call on him to do ?Count Cavocb of the motives of supremedecision,andreadtohimthepresentdis- late campaign, it was onshore about 1 o'clock. As soon as they were landed patch, leaving with him a copy of it Receive, monthorityas been This excellent Iffe^wat has yet reported.THE PEDSSIAN DISPATCH.Theaddressed by Baron Schlkinitz, the Prussian Min- theysuccesses of the Piedmontese in Italy elect of universal suifrage, and the representative onAs for Lamo-BiciZRi he made no fight. I had not seen Fanti's rescuing during very stormy weather 27 persons fromtibown the ultra Boman party into a rageReport,pronounced him a humbug.are said to commit alt aarts afAnd to what would such a defection use of vile and abastre epithets. From eerve ! To weaken the prestige of the EmperorCoBLim,Oct.13.garden,andrescuingbyforcetboseeftheiraafltSMfi|>tetliSOiietoft^nni to the humblest defender of his which the whole world now understands, even those caiiaB i^ the pulpit or the press, there is a sort of who regret to see it, namely, that the great influencecan the Martha ship,took the dur- ground,Tunn:MoNSiEca LI CoHTI: The Government of His.night. persecuted gentlemen were Directors of the Zoo-logical Garden, and have since received theance from Voir die PFOUDTiir, the Bavarian miBa- ber of the Diet, that their assailants shall be pna- ished.abuse and of defamation which does neither gocift&the interests of the Pope nor to the relig-of the Sovereign of France is one of the elements of the equilibrium, and of the security of Europe, and, moreover, one of the most precious resources she canbravo,when enforced by men. Listen to Fanti"andonvessel as the tide wasofthe12ihof seemsitselfto have September,of They vrish him to contradict him- Europe.peaceself, and, so to speak, to change his nature. But is that possible T Can the Emperor forget that he is thebeen on thisbut during that period she has been instrumental inthe throne of the ideas of the new society and of all the progress of civilization T Can he t>etray the origin of his name and of the mission which he holds from the confidence of the French people ? His enemies desire it, no doubt, l>ut they esteem him too much towhen Irepeat it in the superlative degree—a savagea watery erave from the wrecked vessels:—Anne ister of Foreign^ Affairs, to Count Brassier deand who Bavarians,—Malakopp.Sardinian Qovernment couldthsaccount of the The Paris CoTistitutionnel of Oct. 26 has an despotic powers ofgle against liberty.want of candor and"tfremeli Psiioj In Italy.cording to the London Timet' Paris correspondent, by highest authority:wi,'i?*lif';men in apolicyone declares that al-einee the confabu'ation of the don of theI askI should ominous,tosurgent Kingforces the ser- without ceasing to be InVioTos Ehahoxl. It has nnslly.have said Vulturesfas across the whole Italian peninsula, in- tacked. sweptvaded .Bicily, and avowedly intends to attackhg.Inthe face ofplayand to reconcile the various Italian Princes with their populations, yet nothing of that programme has been carried out, as the revolutionmnezation Europe,to the kingdom iff Piedmont of territoriest ddnOcncf and despotism to an Venetia at no distant period on the other ;is now strangerpretty well used up. FezOnsula. It takesmilUow ao^ t munhytrf ptt^or^onate'^lOKW ElUKDn, was easily ac- r for this thiettened evilI qicech is interpreted as meaning that, 'r's ' act or consent, the Pope willhand, the opposite party says to the linperor's Govern-hand the grievances ofThe Irishnativity,"wlU only have given another proof of theiruponItseHall their reiBOnOTiii-thousandinea,wew8re to eecow for Aosttta uA Vi inHiPope,andple, spentpopular as that of the Neapolitan Bourbons, is at- of LauobicixbxPTMKfess and Wreck af American Teasels. Fr^r'tt.t,x.t.s „of*^th.is natifure arcwould be to do us sn Ill-turn, }ustio iihowlaaBtacked, yougenerousyour support^stranded during a heavy gale of wind, on those eternal laws without which no social orderorganizeboth Borne and Naples, there is a duces arguments to prove that neither of thesereprove. HisImperialMajestyla oompeUedrefuse to the fly.The bark of Vermont,Halifax, Nova Scotia,*"pomt rei^ greater dislike for our social customs and inatna-tions than she has fior the dangerous amhWim afneighbor.OKBatANT.RowdleaatFraokArt-^FnualaaAMMBaasbs -Bagllahaea Akraaul-HaMBiT «' <Ma ImperialCeaaell.notmen who have devoted their energies toGovernments: It is a qu^Siflie triumph of Italian unity, but you prolong atRome an occupation which irritates the nationalfeeling of the populations, and prevents the senti-has not a crow left in him. If he have, it must berunning very his LegaUon shouhl any reside where high, which caused the sliip to slip both her anchors longerments of freedom from expanding to its""observed,to the National Life-boat Instimtlon was im-an end toCourtofSardtola. ItlsthewUlofonrlegitimate The article in the ConstUufionnel ad-the t>e- life-boat,hope for it.without advantage to any one. There is one tiling eyes—a the-atrical, tinseldefend. Thus the over-zealous Catholic invoke in the troubled situation of most States.The treaty of Villafimica responded to a high con-regrettedbut no lessIn 18 days we won theiOBjaoomla of Paris, emboldened by the passionate ttflggttfi of the Pope himself, speak of the latepaign,glorious for your Majesty's army.assor-ttayIts recent and the acts,and it is to be profoundlyPesaro, Urbino, fast receding. fell into our hands 28 field-pieces, 160 pieces ofception 5that the treaty has remained a dead letter;but theITALY. Speech from Garibaldi.On thetor addressed theconcilable with the situation which the treatyIn Italy, and, except her sovereignty in Venetia, re-of the 13thcommenting severely upon the ser- Itoo well known for you not to perceive the radical vice rendered to Fbancis of Pno-tained nothingof the Foresteria, thepublic appearance Garibaldi has made for nearly longer contmue a silence which miKht give rise totion of theirand fortresses. should become itsWe, jailers!— in«j;Take It up gingerly, Drop it with care."nyplacespoketobftoeKingVtcTOBEHAKUSL. But m of presencethebut ought France to inherit the verywhence hethem on his entry into Naples. This is the firstLorUeysituation wkicA she has wrested from the House ofHapsburg f Ought she to impose her domination onmore and more march of events we could no rapidhis in Messina. The armywoMaiBBJ, relating to the late her promises of enfranchisement to end in such ause.I too severe on Lahobiciebe 7lightyou,States, has not tended to increase falsehood? In fact, we could not restore former Gov- ernments to atMmoon them on the morrow of theirAmman whose language only lately was a number of officers. HeiiytSg^BpniantfaTlpperor's sympathy for the extreme PapalHe wasSeize good spoke very slowlydestroyedverya month m Naples, and as such created a consid- erable crowd, possibly of three or four thousandlamentable misconstructions, and throw a falseon our real sentiments. It Is, then, to order to pre- vent erroneotis Impressions that, by order ofdils Royalpapersstamp, attemptrestdlatlon to the inevitable reaction of the nationalAfter restored them, it would have spirit. havingbeen necessary to protect them by a military occupa-;twenty-five of the discontented, shoot ten of them, and now I must get some breakfast."reserve, its inwithout the view we take of the last acts of by citadel, probably conse^aenee of tlios^ toe Sardtolan Government and the devel-tors of thisBologna, Perugia, Ancona, Florence, Parma, Mode- na, Palermo, Naples, condemned to live under ourupholdprotection, theywould besimplyslaves with achangethan that of the Cornhill. Although Mr. Tbace-ERAT, in an unguarded moment, accused Sala of" dull verbosity," the Temple is a neighborhood money destined for the million of muskets fbr the ex- powerful organization. But, while It allows inmense the courage to deny H, butT^masters. What wouldfrom the Cattoilca to come toleaving as-tsItalyhave said, what would England;and even theKreuz-Zeibutg has witVodf.For the1 know that party;they do not wish Italy one,repeatadty aal declared that it will not Interfere in Bo-encouraged PieJniont,Italy will be one'intervention of France at!;ainst PiedmontEnglishman, withthein Italy would be an oflensive return towards aFrom the Londoninto our which is excitement crossed the Ticino, and France came boxes. As heFinally,Times, Oct. 24. lime, unanimitywill also berecollected,Austria in amoment ofwiiie,gotcoupe,aying to discover his thoughts. It is needless to»y tliat the curious spectators are even, at this nia would be a dehance to Europe and a compact with tutoredj^in enthusiasm by a poUce. It is one of thetion she has irretrievably lost;compUcilyopinion,effeijts of liberty that any outrage is sure to call v„-rni. ih..»,t,., ti- ,.,;, ,i....f ..-;/ i. "that the car went to>dds, totally baffled in their desires. This reminds revolution. goodWhat, Uien, is to be done ? What line of conduct iw up corresponding demonstrations of good feeling, andbe an and so we " ostrich," " say, Austriain distinguished statesman who directs her foreign aifairs, recognizestitle of the who has watched overGaribaldi istalkingtowe've got our tickets to Basel, let 'em take u* l»in Italian nationality a happy presage forposi- Germany traveling manyhundreds of miles in thehis seat in the car untilwear-Ouatimozin can Interest in from the un- graduaUy theforest, the Prince of Wales, Jahxs U.,and also in those ofNapoleon IU.'boast of haying suffered has an immense escapingtaum Km been on that gridiron for two month8,and France, faithful to the interests which she has defend- impulse we know not, but perhaps sflrred up by somecertainties which weigh so heavily on her, bridged and the reforms she has just accorded proves thatIn his an oldt^llalnil "shamefully managed." "Wll^) Sh; lose (to me,) this train, from Berlin through;' bait- lOit•tiB there is no relief for his not being engaged to any one, she would in a Con- Irish or semi-Irish demagogue, a disorderly mobNeapolitansquitegoodagainstpatience,way.";stoppinginthe German papers do not attempt to defMd thethe libera-All the of toat document argumenURome,We may expect Sala's " Temple Bar":~,London newspapers areIntiigueeloKnjrt),IfwasWith the H reck from wlilch fifteen men and a pilot werefortunatelytakenoff. Theyweresafelybroughtthat an .fej^l^ ymiet^ttr^ iuntf^ttatla p44idginthe nascent freedom of which he has Italy,by shall benoI shouldstrike the first blow, should Venetia not be at-I have just seen the late Sardinian campaign.whichland of tlieirthe business, and thst-b, that f^ at B cost of •plete record of a thorough, systematic thrashing,stupidity and malevolence, aiul to a few their dayssaro to the capitulation of Ancona. fresh Everyherit- repair Its Iniquities. notadmissible. ThisIsnomake of their new and mon comiigitsbie pqsitjapnot the rallying cry of the result of bad fare, bad treatment,From Onr OwnFamoao, Saxony, Tuesday, Oct. U,i8W.The difficulties the soldiers oif tk* amongthe Irish the duringThis is theonlyimportantstation about 12months,isfoUowmg a translation of the dispatch but arehorses, and from 17.000 toother hand, the fimdamental rules of our are policyof are Prussia,unkindest cut of all.I now bully capitulator, damp pocket-handkerchief cheating his hon-Mitchell, o? MontroseCatherine, of;the Jarudwindling down to a meek and mild with aThe fall of Ancona terminated this short cam-signalsdistress,ofPerugia, Spoleto, San Leo and Ancona. Therethe andult.,met with parr«n«c disdain.toetocompatible.ltofconsiders that It Isplacesup.and we too* notefriends. i the of CourtofTnrlnasincere ofItsdesiretokeep FortmrvmtyM,i««M«#«<AeMj^ttattaHMwSala isa self-maderespecttoprinciplesito semi-official has sian, by organs,This is the "persons.accompanied byallhis staff andHighness toe PrtoceRegent,I shallexplatotothe new bombardaient of ITimlmMagazinecityIs In tumult; Iregretportion of his troops, at party adverse value of toe national idea. It is essenually toe ooen- a tune too, when he waa not able to send sackman, and self-sufficient withal. And why not? and they seek to create disturbance among the people,m toeto realize theconstantlyprepanUoBs beeninwhatisreallytte WliiiMflinfiMTJifiiAs the monlcipamy doei nSTowimud tteeL-«~pai ends of'^^sim^S^S' lecKlytonchedanonafcprlnrtnhwadmittedasaroU»«fao/<*«*eiljr«#«»am/*rafemorhcctSSSlPbim, and the men dont like at usui^magnUoeme. A review or parade of the City tM very basis upon wUoh nati themm nxwi o*Pmmtkt tintitn Time*,anlhoritr bemg encamped of established Ooremment*. we aoot^ted with this season, and being decimated by cholera. DoH ezpe"^lloaorais parade that the •' Irish-bom cW- deep regret the mottvee alleged by Coont CArani,England and the Crown, • • his means EngUshthink Austria would do not for agareievances was a creed In the StatesThatnow bare as Plato's fowl, and discoveredgener^ freedom. In of fact, Prussia cuts afeeble Irish echo indeed.it may in have to witness acts which his conscience and con-athat the unwounded IrishI believeSpoletothe offing, and drive on to the bank. As soon as .vicaonsher situationwas perilousverbiage " Governmentof Gen. Pamti of the which oonllnues to destroy their kith and kin in the as a to theReportNever was a more com-movement which has upset theof theGallicspecimento be a very small bird indeed. I should think he last, on Barnett's bank near Fleetwood, on the Lan- noHji^s^e, setchuerity,tude, were thesetoe prtoclple of toe absolute right of nationahties. As-carrymorning peoplethe Dicta- Naples from the balco-permitted accurate.a Hogartliian" imitation of Thackeeay'h tumult shall effect nothing. When you have anything legilimate wishes of toe people.the direfuldeemsSalaabore.•';yield to the national wishes, and whenever pubUc forces opinion should have pronounced to favor of^thosebybuildingon that artificial foundation a newlitans may show themselves that brave people thatthey are. [Great agplause.] In a few days this pro- visional state v'ill cease, and, in spite of her enemiesany countrywhich has a common with our originB>thiswith anposi- own should be drilled to uniformity of with Sardi-'or be notwonderful,the will have voted down Neapolitans uponher, and all that is nowman at the window told himKehl, and asked him if tiiat was his route. To this remark he deigned no and seemed toheard,shore.among themselvesall should berespected and loved,Loyalty. importance, Prussian Minister atwhole a£^ir is of as Coimt Pbbpoxchxbon Afric's sullenMeanwhile thepa- Marshall, the medium, and reported his observations in fullsal of its Foreign troopsand that, wltoout even wait-from the Citadel ofthose who do not desire it, Marshall said, " was wery unkind that day." mous ciy of all assembled."]^shrunken calves, istells the stalest anecdotes of that country, mingledinalways treated EnglandThe Prinze's Visit Fromand careAilness as English traverse the continent withoatword of save their any languageofSCHLEINITZ,THE ATTITCDE OP APSTEIA. agolecturing upon experiences—stale as the foul-leading idea is thus e:nh)odiedof toeAt the same time the Piedmontefc Chambers arethattorailwayconductors. AsforEnglishmenabroad,the United States. the London Times.reply,di of SAPOLBON, in a private conversation, when again.st the meeting of a Congress. A Congies-i could made on the Prince of Wales at Richmond, Virginia, without doubt, the best title by xchich any King will be Austria still Austria u at this wonder that such things were aIlo4yed by the com-•akedhia opinion on the imperial policy""Sir,"tablished iHjtween the Powers called upon to form it.tant cities and a eidightenedmore class will receivecession is but the title of the first original posses-the same decLaralions. She isIWMteplaceinnecessary to assure theorare at the root of all and, of the two, election is surelyintentions, carriage9r|«tEnglish:lforce,election or ;" ThisNapoleon has no policy M liOttoow himself fiom one day to another ^ii gqbig to do. He waits for events to un-the of a representativedeclaringhe understood no the German, and actuated bybassador, without Embassy of a King, on the retired she is reproached and the moderation she has known was not only a vlolatton of courtesy, but of their original compact between prince and people, and, temptotion to swallow her easy and insolent prey. road, or system of with a hondted diieraotif he has not deserted the tie has cer- list, cannot and dare not of the acts to maintain. Better than any other Power, perhaps, rights as travelers under the protection of the law. kingdom,recognize any she would be able to Indicate the points of a compro- The Prince and his suite went with the Mayor of tainly abdicated the functions of government. The lately accomplished in Italy, and while every de- mise between all divergencies. After having enfran- Richmond to visit the Capitol, and, there being no tUle Victor Emanuel has obtained itthe sequel plainly enough when he declares 011 the connections, as a petty track firom London Bridgecree is published in the name of ViOTOB chised Italy, the at Rome, blamed the Ehanukl, supported Popehe is obliged to move, act, eat and in the invasion of the Roman SUtes and of the Two Sicilies, sleep and caused the principle of nonintervention to be re-police, the crowd proceeded to press on the party and therefore per- tosubjectthemtoeverykindof It fectlyL'oodaccordingtoalltheprincipletofpublicpart of the that that important personage o the Crystal Palace. Emperor "same of FbascibII. Every grave situation has a spected it by respectingpostettion.tude xt the line of conduct weeks ago, he found himself on a steamer wheiekmen not enrolled in^jjthj^ toif thWi assassination, and ought to beij^f^ir-r': **:*"'i' ""^ arrested. It is a nice dis- s,.|n«fce>J^ftain aspects, but as a moralIgets Its ear,Prince Gaoaris, however,St. PiTianne, Sept 28, (Oct. 10.)PromtktOpisumu HatiotuL Everything confirwu Uu that Auttria \tAhhoegh at Bom that find-^j^nfTJind ifthe army, isFrom Onr Ownbeyondappears Richmond thebegan by being merely curious and Jocose. They pushed In, and allowed the Prince's party no privacy whatever.beliefWeare even assured^ __.. ^ilgf^^fgiiov^A^ anty to .**««»«, wl&ig that if she would abstam they notpassoffwithoutsomedlrolayofill-wiUonthe calltheattentionoftheSardinianGovernmenttotha wouldbe topromisenottoassistPiedmont M«msmerelyIcases out ot 'heNew IJteratarc—MUcelworthless fellow whoIf we don't•fof VUlafranca put an end to the war to Italy, a series of acts contra- ry to right hare been accomplished In the Fentosula,days she has ikotified her inten-hours,—a battle, a a siege,surrender, the upset ofThis has been the Urst instance of rudeness met by the Prince since he has been in the United States, andsituation of whichhave fe»g^nd,dmultsnaondy, and with common accord,or a new ideewrong. To-day, the telegrams have l>een ratherandcreatedtheretheabaonnallaaeeaa News. Correspondent.and, tne control even of Its leaders. It that at crowdquitting, com- :lAasoif,get any important news for sixwasing an l^nBliAmnn angry, andSaturday,Oct,1860.was what he saU, be immediately20,:Mob Psiboi Since the preliminarieswithin the last lewunju8ti£able.itinsulting remark.must be premised that nowhere in the Free States law, if onlyhe can reduce it into*lafullyconvinced that apurelydefensiveatti- Afriendtellsme ontheBhioeafsw irhich Austria hat that, beingherself,cqnic side. Signor Wisbpkabe's position at pected either by Italy, or by the Papacy, or by Eu- at least, a class so ruffianly and depraved as are el. If he does not seize this opportunity to drive depart." If Austria mores she is lost. Whether stnhgely enough, there was but one EnglishSotBl if the comic side of the Italianrope. We have too much confidence in the wisdom the lower clasa of whites at the South. ThesetheKing of Tiaplct intowe do not thetea,or,morehumancr ifsheremainsstillsheissaved daretoandsilltheother Germans, passengers were Jt,, P^^^ily,is* lot of young men of fortune atttp m favor of eatiac hlth* things insisted that tko.iBBtt(AaaMquestion.into a teasoing boat, he it not the man for say. Nai^leon may or may not have determinedand threatened taia.,na, swearing, of the Sovereigns who would t)e represented in a Con- worthies are t)» Hlitliiu, swaggeri'jly,he was a raw, windy day,away by anyw hen once excited. Is soonbeforemunicated the following note to Count Catocbi'What will then 7 tells roads, happen M. Qrasdocillot|themselves of on succeeded in naturalsubjects the Kingdom of italy, under sequence. But,Is that the case ?found movement has takennot sufficiently recoimized. When the French Em- York correspondent does, that the Americans are dis-peror, at the beginning of 1859, the cause of gusted at the conduct of the Richmond and that our Royal treesor the title of the chiefs of our German ancestorsby." England, which then demanded the inviolability of the shall happen, the American people have given ample is the titl^f our own Royal House ; and it is the Meanwhile Victor Emarcil is raising his insolent answer, he said to his wife, " Sit down, my dear, ,mMmmHlioaatist,Duringthe lasta Europe,friendly nation. EngUsh people,It isas our New-;yearvery pro- but it ishardlysor transmittedthroughhis descendante. Choicerespectand bark thebreaches of the commonformer have distinguished themselvesoffax, as above related. Captain Waszt, R. N., Inspect- tog Commander of Coa^guard, and Coxswain Fox, haveoneachoccasionbeenoffintheUfe-boat. Itoider and peace. -The byrobbiag «as far asbe taken down amidst the murmurs of the multi-words,they could it, and the more soprinciples" Thecommands of the l«»»Hl»«n" Thethat to those tumults there breathes a tomeandtoallIdo. Thatpartypreventedmelast;that party sent Fabiha to Palermo to toe of the Prus-only opines, lousway, that others have also interfered inbeen able to come to your liberation. People of Na-international law. Onsufficient for me are men of goodhearts,evenihoughclothedwithaJacket. "TheNewry Vermont,St. Simon, Prussian Ambassador at Turin, in;reply Sep-temberorable nose by constant application to his chivalric was only on Thursday night last that another Ameri- To his Excellency, Count Brassier de St. Simon, at ber who were arrested for the deed.The latts^ not to be behindhand, have amnsed themselves, OB children and women, very amenable to reason lite tx>at nhicn the National Life-boat Instltudon had Maje6t>", the King of Sardtola, by communicating to a drunken spree, by charging with swords and just sent there was Immediately got ready on observ- us, through its Minister at Berlin, the memorandum bayonets upon respectable citizens at Thscrueland fierce to:Whiteman,ing a heavy gale of wind, In Dundrum Bay. Theofcarriage a distance of six miles, through awished to elicit from us the impression produced upon the Cabinet of his Royal Highness the Prince Regent, bytheSoartkinrgoad, with a view of succoring the ship's crew,proceededher trans-the butter- marquises nor princesmen of the metropolis. Doubtles.s Thackeeat cry of 'Death' was raised against this and against wishes, toe existing authorities ou^ht to abdicate their is a violation of ths declared ptinc^le. Itthatman,andagainstmyfriends. TheItaliansoughtnot to cry ' Death ' except against the stranger, and a maxim soisincethe of forming liberty Italy.m force wltoout most serious to the dangersolongOfthePresentAmerica, and terests of Government and of the People." Its ance of the insurrection, and U.1 effect a military occu- strangersformedwho would think of troubling her. of disturbing tlie peace of Europe, this sovereign of the world ?with his "youngrepresents as the constant accompaniment of a the Chief of the French Empire, and which would mally the deposition of toeir Princes. It is m this names but that what he said contains an atom ofIt was to be hardlyTjtion of the people. In evtfry'-free country It Is in the that orders of the most odious nature, and pre- copy of it with him, 1 take the opportonity, &r., amples :expectedy of the Ex-King of Naples. From tfit Opmione Rationale.knowingWales should the United States without pass throughsome display of discourtesyj)n the part of a small sec-have had to this cotintry sufficient proofs that a factiondeclaringto Francethat the Prince ofSressing both of these Isapprobationprtociplesap-ais one evidencesuch ason the nation of which the present age, have lieeii issued by the courtofI wastraveling on the aar- Bmchail,1mighthave beenthought impo.>isibleinwe receive promised.reader to recol-this train unitee itselffor Basel, until, turning off to Kehl, 'li .etiteisgoing as the Victor Emanuel. The title, therefore,' tnlL be Eastern proverb says, An ostrich will alwayscomplete. Theoretically, unanimous election is,only be impossible if an agreement could not be es- will augment the cordiality with which more impor- can hold a sceptre. The longest hereditary suc- moment making the same jireparations and aho pany. Supposmg (as, indeed, waa the case,) thatla ofwhat a well-known Russian diplomatist lately to be followed ? Many objections have been raised we doubt not that the vulgar and tmprovoked attackI addressed him in turns off to Kehl, Sir pleaded mob, to BaseLconqupst,lt& themselTes, and seizes his chances as they pass Italy he had scarcely on his side the opinion of his they have no sympathy with the acts of the Irish emi- to be esteemed more valid than conquest. It was troops upon the Po, building a steam fleet on the and the other part of the train goes onis grants in New-lork. Whatever has owncountry. Butnoweverything greatlychanged.; it Guarda Lake, and making Verona Are you gomg to Kehl ?" Without giving me any impregnable.head as of and King Italythemselves inAfter It may be suggested that to make such' paigns in Venetia and m Hungary. Will thoserespect mg their youthful guest.-dare .'" tioo th^ Signor Winspiabe, the Ambassador of Russia, under the influence of a liberal Sovereign, far West, after being ,received with rough, but sin- 5 ceremony as election by universal suffrage plethoric citadels and their overcrammed hosts conductor, but keptalso shows herself to take into account a cere politeness, by the Inhabitants of villages, strictly valid there should be a vacancy, as of armed men, and will those well-drilled rived at the vory last stotion, when he was iitdooed:St. Laurence—was new element in the lue of nations Austria herselfor the was in the of and also in those solitary pioneers who are hewtag their way there days Saul,whose look onol thejourney Bast, came to the capital of VirgUiia, But perfect unanimity in the electors almost pre- or while Tubb marshals his array"" "**ttjwipliy^into the other world, but Signor Wws- she is resolved to enter on a liberal course. As to toterestlng to the traveler. Here, urged on but what sons to justify their casting off their old allegiance. day or other thethe fron-^f^?':*''?°burning gridirons whichEnglish town, which contains some memorials sumes a vacancy, especially if there be moral rea- tier ? It looks Iupon position.Some the roadwasthroughPo,;a casehistheThehaveagain jiortals of the Quadrilateralwill half an hour on theIt dU not seeiB to ea-assufferings. This Am- gress derive advantage from the reserve with which Ueated the Prince and his party in a maimer which their Francis II. He has certainly broken l\uC open, and Austria w^U be unable to resist the ter his head but that it was as easy to mtoage ashe sus- is there to be found, among the native Americans Now, then, is the opportunity of Victoe Emanu- adopted, and irhich she does not intend tocannot be from fiuai-gress not to be convinced that they would understand gambbling_., reroihN„VMnd bowirei-e-kknnife uising gentry^, wtwNaples ""v much the of constitutes the furnish so many panigraphs to the newspapers, and Kit time. A few words, a high bid, a new phase to break her up at any rate, and may or may Carman passengers were alliltVt#»: Feaent m<ment, mostly Englishmen and spirit compromise come to be condition of the reestabUshment of order in the Penin- have almostis not have secret sympathies with strangeand are freely discussed on the heights of St. be spread on deck, that bebig the orAoAaz.«o*r-^of policy, may change alL This crown ofi^nnicans, who amuse themselves by going out by giia. Italy, organized and powerful, Is henceforth a ican character. Fancy a mob of four or five hundred worth an energetic clutch, now that, after such about Hungary which have &Uen frtnn GABntALDl cabin. But the Englishlail every morning to Oabibaldi's quarters before Jiuropean Interest andin thatslave-dealers, horse-dealers, amall ulanters, Uquor- doubtful play for it, it is within reach.. C!i^ua,gunsoflong range whichThe Great Fewera la;and with valuablehave purchased for the purpose, pick off theAngeloMINIBTEK FROM dinia, openly threatenmg is her attitude, and re-ists method.paA^MtoI^^Bft at the outposts of the Boyal army all day and[t4o the city in the evening to boast of thehave^^JC^'^y "bagged" during the»r war&re, carried on fbr amuse-OREAT BRITAIX.is this her newan act of her would prove;high jnrisdlcUon,consecrating, by organiiaUon,store keepers and loungers, together a with, probably,but, unless M. Gbandouillo* has lost his inspiration, it is clear that an attack upon Sar-asTo their whim dke Otherbut no sooner hadrain commenced to fidl ill tootfOK tnd tkeEurope,hets^f both far-seeing and just"taken as the type of the Amer-Italysprinkling of blackguardism and from Ireland,Italy.largeyou will probaoly liave the crowd that rushed after thePrince of Wales and the Dnke of Newcastle. Accus- WITBDBAWAL tomed to imcotttroUed dominion over the streets, readyfor any deed of violence, from the tarring and feath-of THE BlfBSIAM TCBUr.yielded the;thley befa»tt«f**,««SammaryefEnrapeaBETCnte—OeB.Pantl'a eringanAbollttonlsttotheburningaliveofaninsur-Repert mt tke Late Sardialaii Caaspalga— gent negro, a Southern mob Is capable of being led broken up her diplomatic establishment at Turin. be like a dog fighting on otter tn thtvater.their well-wate>redtsai4.inj«ace. 'Ebese instancea mii^t be mult^Ued.the conduct Conductor otthefiassiannottook him to •« "> 0»,He was warned again by tlieof squadronshorses drink the waters upon to get out and take another car. ^latkf siMat quietly while Garibaldi time he was with us, he expressed his Itl.did not allow him to oppose more eAclest ob-'• •let the Irish atoy awav. It will bo remem- of his disavowal of them. By thU, Its atStude, the Im- she has to ftonnka fionse ofBy. k1 "'England— represenUUve the peo- pledgeclaims. His manly, straightforward address bered that when the heir to the Constitutional I>erlal Government feels convlnaed that It gave the expectBobaoB^t^to the T\meM has madehimA duel, with swords, has just taken place be- He is so Ilbetal a Boman Catholic, that the ultra- ITf.i?"*',^'';."' "" Western World, he was received Ifiinka it has given sulBcient hinU of the raiolutione folUne tm inch on the reaiiyDetfoliMm. We anmanytween two well-known writers in the »llh cordiaUty and respect by men of all classesstacles to these(^ hlSi^Jj^K?^"J 'i°'""'- It vrtU also be remem- allow itself to be tofluenced by those Impulses which have been forwarded Mrepudiate.probity which he has shown. It is felt that the ilS,*TM^ ^.S.^"TM""!?® prison, having suneiulered dinian Government dlrecied Its troops, in ttie midst of perfectly trahspanot. Staa wistes t»«*!.jgNlundignifiedIrishaway Roman Statestt openly came to a» imdertlanding (a —and svstem of wUch govemmsltstayagainst them ? On the other hand, can he choke selves in a represegnotianfglon otfheythmeay employ thein- t>argalnor compact il a pracliti)mlk tke revolution this nation abhors, and balraadyshoiriiifaiit Am*onit has sanctioned its actsthose long marches nhich presence of Piedmontese troops, and that of high Sar-gaiiant defence eitahlithed ator to one of Naplestheriotousmiss them, and all respectable American citizens willthevice ofcrowned this scries of vtoUUlons oftofewhours. ThattheNew-YorkerswlUbejust announc- its totentlon to tkerid oftaken by their demonstrations or their manifestoes we;their own States,of the revolution. By these aets the Sar- for us. There ia only one tUgg o^te eataia lHtlmgmg to sovereigns toko are yet_ itada- cide whetbsr siefary or^ doCaittattt jbik^IMBentstacks"has driven them from their homes," and dtolan Government no longer allows us to consider ftnecessarilydis-aad act.' The Cologne Gazette says, in sn article on the snl^eet,:which it deavored to justify them. If we have not replied to this request before, your Excellency will be able to the moUves of this on oneto toediametrically opposedprinciples byhas en-appreciatehand, you know bow much we desire to maintain good relations with the Cabtoet of Turin, and, onj thedifference of that must prmclples every explanation"the whole of theirthe functions which you fulfill at the august mas-»"e8e»ofcombat-establishbetweenusandtoeGovernment sianman-of-war theoped In the aforesaid memorandum.very dispatohesused to—Fkakz n. to an isolatedwillunion of the national Powers to a more efficient and intervention,duethe contrary, far from regardtog these two prtociplesofsuchamanifestation.nothing to do with and still less « Legitimacy,But mos't ele- mentary rules of toe right of nations could not be putA moreEnglish pumpkin-grower, days ViOToa EuAimsL will place himself at the head Nevertheless, it is by resting on the absolute right nilicance would it assume if the Prussian Govern-G. M. Reynolds, thewho has buried the fame of that which made his of his valiant army. In a few days, then, we shall see of Italian nationality, and wltoout allegtag any other ment should money under the money itself, and who is fast our King. Let this transitory state pass in calm, reason, that toe Government of His Majesty, the Kingthe conduct of thesewith prudence, n 1th moderation; so that the Neapo- of Sardtola, has demanded of the Holy See the dismis- men. Meanwhile, the cannon, which at pteseatgj^eater partof D|ient. Under toe same pretext the msurrection tliatandin his own newspaper. The sperritts," as Mrs. (Here, raising a finger, he was followed by a unanf. burst out on this invasion have been supported, andallowed Mr. IIev.nolds to see a hole in the floor, and various other little cabalistic devices, wliiclithetruebelieverdoesnotnotice.aqrIsfdsK we have absMBtelT'Baai&ig t» 0feipv*iwhichpatches from the imprisoned monarch, at Gae(a, toof itswhose text isorof which it occupies at toe present mo- the property of our poor countrymen, thunder loud;endangerdestroy,discussmg a project of law having for its objct to ef-it wasWould not an European Confederation, proposed by and thus to Invite toe Italian people to declare for- advocate in Macdonald's affair to call themdiffuse security and happiness throughout the world,be better than all. the political combinations which toe prtoclple of non-intervention in favor of Italy, truth, few who have seen the Rhine or Switzer-;it isevident that he does not meditate revisiting the dally torment and Irritate this poor people I ar- does not abstain from the most flagrant tofraction of land will Theas these, we canTHE RICUUO.N'D MOB AND THE IRISH I.NSULT. ?a;losode, and ephemeral grandeur the true grandeur only deplore toein deeply and sincerely, and we be the German conductors. The way in which tkoa-Ueve toat we are our to ex- strictly performing dutyin the most explicit and formal manner ourand of the plication that it has been thought proper to give them, while inviting you, M. le Comte, to read the presentshe will English-and-French-born heresy most benevolentthe newof non-intervention, which causes to Pio Nono such paroxysms of disgust, and she is massing herlike the old young Emperorverypulsive asRussia has withdrawn her Minister and king to Italy, would bring em a camfaign in the whole company (tke English, this i&^^uabdjwe ^'UeAlhiU tloulH Napoleonicnnr, we it will probably be the last, so far as the Americans now see the extreme coBseiineaeei developing tkea- ifAutmkaffuncio Paris, Britons get very discontented, and fancy that it is Uiemselves are concerned. But we are told that It selres. The ImperlaT Oorfmotant, from tiw com- efiect they leili tend tkiirJUtts to cruise UUe but it is right in ninefrom_^. Tor, wbich is said%niomthetea. -Mttnot excites onlydisposedIn case the latter should assuoie the defensive to-tenth^se. atquiet.Thereis,however,news, partly private andpart of ttie Irish pi>pulatloD.wa make no doubt that,responsibility which it would take upon Uself if it gaveProm Austriawe hearthat thetoetutesMinistry,carrythisproject wrong. It is a abort way;probable to have beenwas the Prince's viJlt to New-York vrould mencement of this slttiationl considered ItUntitled DocumentwillpiesnmptleQ to give aPeninsula,whereinAtittriamOunuafltttuxnUi weregladtoseekt«6ig|».bfilwK,andputaksafabout to CTOtt tht Pa.thatnatural enoughtion to France and and that these Powersunderstanda^ ofjudging,«rf»<*iB«-:approvegentle-ald's experienceofl^cials who committed the outrageare nothigh-toned politeness which adds suchBaden-Baden, an"egttittmm. bmuxd.Btissian man-of-waz waa;but Oat hintwithin its ttvO-1 Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com .^J-ji^e^ttli