 NEWSiFROr&i EUROPE.I THE BfieEMIAN AT PORTLAND.THE EUROPEAN <;»NCtBE8S.good staging and Boal axardsaat tkakr attfrttM 1OTTT cwTssnuniT.--parties.'of the CityPiituus."A FATAL FAU..from toe performance of the duties of my station as soon as a successor is appointed. Having received the appointment from your selection and preference,"easy -chair geographers, dreaming over the geograptiy day, at 8 A. K. Letters sbeald be marked OveHaai*finest vessels of the kind afloat.' A small tin canister was picked up at the mouthWissc.—Tlie New-York Sanitary .\9soclati,-vn heldpongee silks valued at $;!,SI6.^ few days subsequentto the robbery twn yunnji men, nstne-i Jsmes Ihumj-liue and ^^ilJiam Mar'.in, were arrested by i^ergeaii*. £,ta'Bev-Tsilc ...JFea TsvK-theMersey,Lefl^erts, of the Detective I'u.ice, at a tenement-bouseis side of tbe Shir* inMgom...Urerpoel Bastaa.'fiaatersyearsage,prem-ordinary circumstances, reaches tbat Had some port•thegrounds that public rducation Is demanded for tbeprotection of the State. B^ tables of statistics, ob-tained from the office of the Secretary of State, heshowed tlukt there was an alarming increase In pau- the Stale Pijsun. Nothing more was heard of the ot>ix« .' -lO.OLt) of which and Exoort-1Margaret night Notwith-by ring chllohood. The ends are pressed closer to-'. ' ^ein,I b d.avers now bold worthless pipei; Inlieu of the ablolag Mian they paid out.The late Col. Bsnjairdn liorlng, of Boston, leflthe laH.s of matter, on the xmaliesi scale. tt.e iirocisc-preneiu,e.t, und ihe ma^istratecomtnjttedhlm peadmgon was KXAKNXT, Sedgnick-streethad a day's illness since iny^etum'. We find loo, thatthe Wst Indies, loaded with gnano. and lid. to Bamptoa*would take them by force.Subsequently,LockwoodcnnpaiiionsTheExpctftfoiiito HcroccoiCorporation Conneel,has CooncUman Joaxs moved that the Board prooeed to well InaBgoratedwhich, from their freqoest pOnUoataal,' paaAssaara a large Matier enaaa*. llr. eanaa Fnaea oeea- sntKclently familiar, but wMehwere UaMkaCtoOK;:Tka atMBakip Bohemitn, tnxa Liverpool at 9 MiOTMaihaBoniageftiie list of Dcoember, and AtMi'llaiMUtDini >> <^ foUowlsg da7, airlred ben •t Wo'rileck thli (Thandaj) eveslDK.tures of the annual F air have exceeded tbe receipts. The causes that ha'.-e led to the present deficiency areJudgecuring the services of gentlemen qnsMad by exper- eace as well as ability for their work. Judge Baoasovhas set a good example to public ofBcers in generah Oboanization op the Hoeabt Hall Grnebal roKURTU.—The members elect of the Mozart HallMorgan Jones John Van TiaeCAL AXD BTATOTICAI. BOtHSTT. Tnn, ZAnaaaB, Taeaaay, FalkASociety, and the meeting adjooned.Tfce Weatker as the Hadferry between this City and Albany «b1^ taUirfDeetinber.iTM teamibip J/rie*, tnm Rew-Ycrk, readied and metraUic resources, andfrom Greenock Dec. 14 and Qoeenstown the 18th, ar- you, In wbicb the interests of tka wlujle Cl^ .are In- to eater tka Zambeze by that as tbe point of junction rived morning. The Closgeis brought 73 volved. It will be yoor duty to endeavor to legtslsta was filed op with reeds and sejuatic plants. You yesterday in such a manner tbat the Common CsoaoU at IHO may have a clearer Idea ol the if bear Inahout track was Chen A.M. Tbe' Uverpool on ibe aAemooB of Urn Ittli of Daoamber. Amutr.an Institute have raised aDEFALCAnov or mx TsxAsiiKnt ot Haixx.—• Bangor Erenisg Tuesday, afladlagMe «•• detained at tke bar tome boon Ua water.„*HS europxan congress.just expectation theAtlantic.etBiprtalngability and integrity, and as haviaig Been aa capable of properly anendiag u> tbe public nec««aiUe*, as any cue that has preceded li. Gentlemen, I shall en-Paris'Ifefdtfeial Uet of the FlenipotentlarleiAWtila Count Bacmaaa aad Prtaiea deMama- .-Vraat'britain—Lord Cowur ajid Land WuDiaovaa.Baak and Us eOea. The whalaof his defalcation will soon be made, wkieh,lti*aail«P«>« pnbUibeefollowing :itself, andWhtriat. There is not wanting among ihe men ofcapital and business in our City tbe sagacity to ap-whom were Taos. F. MxAoaxa and go to Costa Rica for a prolonged reai^nce.upon all questions that may arise. I also trust that, in presiding over your dellDcraUona, I may have tkk* support of every member oS this budy, in order thataided by lb* omantc oarr*adB,ka«a kelpad to dam up tie mala-attcaai, bat tke p|m-sp walera have es- ei,ped sideways. -The aain stream, called Lua-Norombagaasposf8«BunnandCoaaf.PoaTALiB. ^iCTrta Prtrrr GonrciuiorJF andOoontKiBSiLorr.appointedfuture labors of tbe American Institute, and theattheAator. Bewillduringthree H. H. 8. days,tkoogbLfnxhassin'-eTUtiilli TillniltoWaaUogtooto-day.andkuitable Vraiiee—Connt W^nfwui and mnce Lirooa si Themanner andof theirthen proceeded to examine tbe side branches, and th*M. Uuninc si- la Rosi wnd M. ICos.Spain—Perineal—^Connt Layuasio and Viscount de PAtvi,B. A Aycrigg.^-a««tr *• Pope.The Per* annoonces ttat the opening of tbe Con-pea* wlUdefinitely take place on the 30th of January '<1>^ Federal Conscll of Switzerland intends to ask-^ Ceagress that the neutrality of Saroy may beed. after adjournment, an informal enness, as he was partially intoxicated when he.Ccuncllmen Flnckney, Munson and Banlcb were scat of war in a small steamer, drawing 3 feet 6appointeo (uch Committee.United States in aExpress Ckimpany iiiisliiillieiilsg*He drove away a gray msre attached to a aad ainy,-'theal to the Tombe. He was conveyed thither on a cirt, with blankets under his head, and when delivered tocnlzen of tbe United Sutea at the date of the Charter ei> ction.had all tieen and bore the in runaway slaves, marks,With a few highly laudatory remaika, the 1the Itaiian Confederation,as it already h by Piedmont In virtue of the treaty of 181i.GREAT BRITAIN.Tke weather throughout England bad been rery-aerere In some place;. The theimometer is reportedbrands on their chests, of their former servitude.k«ara>tted by:Aa liKto have fallen wlLhin three or four degrees of zero. SecretaryOaaal navigation was effectually suspended by ice, Secretary—Andrew Warner. —Treasurer—Recording evening. Fa.\ncis Logdk, the brother of tbe deceased, tbe leases, which Brooklyn Ferryin 1881. until Governor attacked by sayinglutions to that e&ctwere passed." oiTT ro»T-owricu,~ SeatbandS«atkwesten>VaU...JHtA.K.)aBd3F.EastforBoston,byRailroad ll<A.II.aa<* r.K. Kast for Boston, by Steamboat J P.M. The Overland MaB lar Calitoraia laavaa BL Leak*»^ or less affected the snow H. Field. Librarian George railroad traffic more byII. Mooie. A letterand then an adjournment was moved and carried.CROTON AQUEDUCT DEPARTMENT. RETIRIMENT OF COVUIgSIONEB HTHDgRT TAJR'SCBAICK.The following communication from Mr. Miiinxxiplentytbaw bad set in.Tbe Lohdon Timtt has a leader on the execation ofJaaa Baom. and the circumstances it gave rise to.UsaysthatitappearssomewhatludicroustofindthatIke North did nothing uatil Bbows was executed, andcame to his deathit reaches its lowest point and with care a flat-botlomed boat would do boBiness even then. We know it now at its very worst and, as it spreads out to from one to three miles in breadth, it is in many of the crossings not more than two and a bailor three feet Just now the water stands twelve feet above low water mark in November, and we are all quite sure tbat during at least eight months inNettb-iJbaBT, BBthla and CiMorlli aad West War Haa....Westers Vail vU Br!* BaOread .utx.m.mimr.:ti themountainsand ravish wMte women if mansituanons enaoie me to return it into spective your;ehoosoa to head an outbreak of this kind, he must ex-tiaiiUE. My seirioc in deviling the plans and pre- Believed a special appropriaiion of $1000 to the libra- lu cense a and its appendages, and for the purpose of bring-branch of the Anglo-American family planted theirroB nnwpa.Jan. U....R*w-Tark. Jan. M....(Iew-Tor».,.Kew-fqrkJan. U. .IIew-T«()i...,..BaT:ca.Jan..Ian a'.'.'.lNtlw^ortV*^ Jan. a8....N«w-TM£.J;.pectXlbrl^ viith a crown of martyrdom."for the The Ex- ground, sustaining, quence, fractiire of u.e ing the Croion Water into tha Ciiy, commencal ftaper ict, the world would have known all atxiut it..Jaa. 1....Vv»-ToA..B( the GrtiK £ri<a»i on the 11th, onlyleft Liverpoolwhen 1 nas President, and at appointedslightly they have a hot sulphurous fountain at thebase,(temperature174"fahrenheit) Thepeople had many sweet potatoes, bolcus sorgham, and other grains, and pine-apule, lemon ancl orange trees.Jan. 17. Jan. 31..Havre. HavreWew-Tork New-Tork,iiu'.es and recommending the purchase of 120 acresindependent.ing the departure of tbe Bokemutn from Liverpoolgreatprovis- rents, and securedfamily—• qnotably unchapsed.8TAH OP IBADK._ Fisa VATSB—van bat. MARINE IIVTELLIGENCE.^d anycuriosities had been made during the year, and that the catalogue of tiooks and papers which had been inofises No. 50 Oliver-street, en c;aged in hanging clothchnecessaryfrom Cardiff, took file while lying at Bristol repairing dent members of tbe Societypresent year.skull, which caused ber death almost instantly. Anong agoventured to playThe American ship Sea Belle, with a cargo of coalrytbe of the Asiatic Cbolerain prevalence;Tbe Cunard Company had purchased the screw-. atMnuhip A^utraUuUin, to reinforce their fleet of roll of the Ueisian cfficcrs who Here at Tieotun.the Cooper Instilate, lastavealsg. The r'^port of the J. W. Cakbsu. * Co.,fcy«to.»««>apertaaf, the most interesting topic of Wr. Da CaAaaraMMMfrBoard of Managers of tbe lata Fair war. pre.«eated bythe Chairman of the Board, Mr. JiV.ss, from whichproprietor*it thattbe oftbeFairexceededthe appears expeneeathapaipiss«fertaaltlig. ComacilmaaSbaWiFiaa-':in the and are staled to have report,ly elcetcd.CconsUmaD Jons was conducted to tbe Chair, andJ8M. member of your 8ool*ty, I tak* the Uberty to send yon a short account ol ear attempt to open tha taterior at Africa,fully explainedaricen chiefly ftof n the dilBcally of procuring an eligi- ble place for ho'.ding the Fair, and the unfavorableMt Deab BibI retma laa mj tkanki tor tfeia aasifastsMaa of iatheh(^tkat,tboii(hltaBayBata;9ea]' interesting ITie 'S«*<Mi«k'« advicei are fo4r day* later than weather that -prevailed daring tha axhIbiUon. Rav. Democratic General Committee met on Wednesday, CnUeaMn »f (t* B»ir4:Tanr- loeoinotivaa tttaehed*«ee jOivady leeelred.t T» e steaaniilp Kmtgtna also sailed on the 2lit of SoamberforNew-York.1 .%• BteaiMhlp yif* wa» detained at LlTaipooI nntUCiBira Mamm ofTered tbefollowingreaoluUoo, which and organised by the election of T. D. SoaXBHsa-meside ofer yooT deBberatUna tar the eomlgf T**''- Gentlemen, yoar dntlea are now about lygMnrnflng. and1trustthatyoovrlilperformtllfemwithtkatleal and ability that 1 know is poascted by tlia nuaibarate yonx memtaen, it asay, at least, show my good willand desire to a corrcspondlag member's doty, performwas adoptedWterrae, *riie field of the agricultural labors of tbe;;inglyhas beea enlarged by the development of our mineral Wk€nu, The past labors and successes of the{mthaft-we shall aspire to the nseruloess aiid hoaor aMiUnedhy sln^lar assoelatlons in Paris and London. in regard to the application of science to the arts or—For Calipobnia.ship Company's steamer Baltic, Capt Gaav, left yes-formed a delta, which jots out Into thelorius the most prominent part of tlM coast. Tit* vaiUag wtadl fof tkat Quarter beat almost con-our Rnolvid, Tbat a Committee of five members beSLdbamon> may chKrueterise all our leo, enters at the point of tbe promontorypreciate, and tbe readiness to encourage therefore,labors,mU flw eaaa- da Lumber Corporation, ronsisthtg o( sevarat-Senator SawAxsarrived In this to consider and report on the field of the this morning via tbe Erie RalUroad,Cttr.asB took the honor you have conferred on me.lodgings Mr. Charles T. McClenaekan was then reelected—The fbUowiog are Mr. McClenachan's assistantsJohn A. Towle, Depaty Clerk. Jsmes Litt'e, AasistaatJohn £. Greene, Messenger. James Harper, Assistantsouthern branch, hot saw no posslbill^ of entrancethat into nearly $60,000 has goneplace following gentlemenperformance.were said appointedCapanera' laqaesta.rancMANiTT or pbibok oppicials—a verdict or CENSTBE.On the 26th ult., Uicheel LoeiTE, a carman, re-term.very first we came calledto, Kangona,There are other >Me branches. Therewas all we will be In time enough when all tbe {sola am dt re-Committee: Rev. Cyrus Mason, Prof. James Ren-:but all invulged. A great flnanelal calamity bar eeeaaiad«wlck, Robert L. Pell, Wm. Lawton,heated discueslon arose upcm a motion to amend theMr. Pici'B State Treasurer bond of avers $1M,WI*Xte P«y< adda Ifeat the name* of tlie Repreaenta- by-laws of tlw Institute, so as to take the power of siding up-town, was engaged to cart a load of goodsthe ofllce of State Treasurer br tke Gov- Walorvilleyand was replete with important facia sustaining theRicBAansoH, SpiitcK & Co. report the market quiet, ftositions of the speaker. A vote of thanks was Brotiiers served a w rit of repleviu uponintioouction of the water and its distribution andestimated thetnit steady for Floitk. Wiizat firm, with an improved adopted for the adjress. A Committee was appoint-- looe, and partially Id. higher. CoaM quiet but firm. ilTBRFOOL PROVISION ICABKXT.,Capt.ling for their recovery, but it was not brought to trial, and a few days since the property was handed over towith aonfidecce that fidelity to public trust in- Toi\ing heavy responsibilities, and entirely new tocouldreach and ;Thesame Bsav parties reportIhe results ef its'plansefforts,The upper part of the valley is well peopled, and Steamship Co.Empire CitybutFoBK steady. Bacor quiet. Laxii quiet. Taalow— The Lilands, of the Metropolitan Hotel, last;quiet,steidy.;,Sales of ¥. C. at 698.LIVSBPOOL PROIirCK MAEKET.evening hops," so celebrated in connection Willi their house, by a charming entcr- talument, given lu honor of their friends and patrons' Tbe guests in atlendanre numbered nearly a thou- sand, representing New-York society, with a fair iii- termixtare of strangers. Among the mote noted of the gentlemen present were Gen. Rojas, of Venezue-having Europeans before, theyperiVot satisfaction, regrets on my ac- with great suspicion. They watched us constantly,Barks Brothers. Chase, Clenfaegos. (redcared ;)An-- Pots, ..quiet.Oil,we landed, nor wereCommissioner. £x- atlon, tbat the Shire actuaUy does flow out of Lake B. James, Clark, Havana. W. W. BassellScSAJtAsnss—firm at 27s.S)'J7s. 3d. forwas forwarded to the Mayor of and an Cleveland,answer ttas returned that Mr, Jackson was a your capacity respectable dyer of that city, and that In June lasthe had colored ten of silk of the de-Steady.andWe.for Pearls. Ricigood intentions.It has not yet transpired whom the Mayor will nom-LtNaxxn Ks.SO. Rxsnifiim,andholdersdemandinganad- Vance to 48. 3d. for common. SPiam TcaFiiiTisasteady at 34s.LOHDON HAREZTS;Whzat was steady and partiallyis. higher. SusAa la ; Gen. Acquaria, of Cuba ; one of the ^lessrs--..inn. Coma buoyant, and faolsers asking aa ad- Rothccbild, of London Chas. ;31nyor Tikmasn,remembered,had nomina-..-NEW REGULATIONSIleidsick,vance. ; TxA firm. Rica firm and slightly higher. Tallow Cspts. Griffin, Myers, McNally, Ransom, Jones and Capts. Macomber and Young, andanlet at S7s. 9cl.as8s. Piu Ia«a steady at SJs. 9d. x.«yffy« On. 27a. 3d. on the spot, and 28s. to arrive.UtBUCAN eZCITBITIIB.Wilcox, U. S. ALieuts. Babcock, Erbin, HcCreary, Bradford, Dun-fires first, so, thinking we had as much pluck as them, w* did not lift agim,though we saw tbem ready to fire, or rather shoot. We did nothing to make us ashamed toot heavy gales thronghoat the passage. At*:15A.M« to-day passed steakuhip Asia, hence.Steamship Etna, (screw,; Andersoo Liverpool Dee. IT, with mdse. to E. Cunard. Had strong weaterly galea the entire passage.The market for . ckaogcd.;and if'There was no Market.changeto note in the LondonMoneyweather the entire B sstsheavy passage. iig bavinsAmerican Securities was un- LONDON MONEY MARKET.—THE COKUON COCNCIL WABBANT8 FOB UONET—EMIOBAKT PBOTECTION BUEEAr.Mayor Weon yesterday promulgated tke followingpublic noticeMatos's Opnci, Nxw-Yoax. Jan. 4, 1860.Tiie are notified that all the measures passed publicby the Common (Council, requiring the approval otthe M ayor, will be published in extenn in four of th*we have their confidence we may go further. They Steamer Petrel, Baker, Providenea, vilkaAM, (•Consols closed on Tuesday at QiH'Sti^ tor ac- ...Aount, ex-dividend.:strong >'. gales.Bchr. Andrew Stewart Evens, Virginia S ds., vitbHI8CEi:.LAMEOD8.Sundaythe pur-The Tmsfees of the Uaaaachusetts State Reformhon last January thare was some ditfurence oftection Hijieau. Personslnfegrit>-will beplacedopinion In relation to the authorities of the Sheriff and thenpon himself. romplalut for a libel wa.s preferr.d against Mr.tb.-i (I. .-,r.—Dr. Caiiiul lectured again last night i-n Aitronomy . Boardof Freeholders—the jail being und<r the charge ia the Academy of Music. His audience was muchI long to lead back my faithfulwho are still at Tette, toough thirty of them died o(>.«f the latter, and the execution under the control ufand six were killedI shall refer to one point more before concluding.delta—the hot-bedsof very:sehr. Amyta*.—th«former. Inordertohaveeverythingproperlyar-larger than that of the previous night, and, if poul.ble, mote vehemently enthusiastic, .\mong tbosepresent Here Arcbbisbop Huoaas. Archdeacon Mc- Sesslous,tbe small chief.pox,byaranged this time, a meeting was held on Tuesday toby the Court of BOOK-KKKPINQ.We were warned by the fate of thecot to delay among the mangrove swamps of theBOdTON, Jan. S—Arr.shlp Wfld Oat, Morse, firaa New-Orleans: bark Sslak, Gould, trom Cbarleetmuj.<cso»lderthe subjecu"answer.Messrs.J.L. Foulke&Co.,3 o'ciocl, P. M., until otherwise ordered. FERNANDO WOOD, Mayor.Niger expedition the fever. We accord-ma Light—ShipChaaiplen,fromBristol. CId.,sklpMora-Some time theago peopleof Scott CountyIowa,NEW METHOD OPBelow—Ship Oxenbridge.'voted to issue bonds to the amouat of (273,000, to as-jslst In bnUdlag a railroad from Davenport to Iowa<:ity. AnInjunetionwa^soongotouttopreventthemerchants doing busi- Dcy-street, yesterday appeareJ beforemade ail haste to and ingly away,daiue of the bonds, but the Alsirict Court overruled.it. The Supreme Court of the State has lately re- venedtUsdeelaloB. It is said there Is scarcely a tionso forlions were successful.the solar sys- prove (as, In fact, all his Nrtbe.coimtles«aTe alreaor sold large amonau of scientific lecture* have) the existence of a beneficenthad out more than he paideSMBpany intbe state that is aot depaading to some lent tm eonatr and dty aid to assist tiiem. Some tem,jictually'had,depositingNew-York,so that orders of theSuperintendentof(beVvi 'JT^ Assocla'loo, Sailors' Snug Harbor, Societyand tnence in-Mulberry- down In Wa'.er- streei last 1 ues:lay night as he was on his to BisNew SiifiETT.Church ;» the name of a newCityandpassedtheNarrowsatt:3athis yesterday.)fallowing public bequests:;ferred that the whole sclieine of creation was a w jrkwhose greatness was only equaled by itsstiert. that he was knocked allegesBomiag,(not"*tort "f''*-' Aged and Destitute Clergymen, So-way residence, and that his wallet, containing tl4, wasSociety recently organ-brandy,a word ^ut brandy In the fever that follows—thabark Laurettaton. from west coast of Africa Nov. 2, witk pans oil iQiitdfciety '°i,Y^,"•'''•tofIndigentFemales—Ji.onoenck.simpliclly.Niwpoai. Jan. E.—TheOradr. of Sp»>ed to report on the physical and mora! influence of the intermarriage of relations.sayhad been me when 1 commenced, was nevermore successful In shore branches off occasionally and forms islands. D. B.AllenProwae, Galway, Am.•— TheOpening Hop"attheJIetkopolitan.goodsthe name of Mr. Jackson, Cleveland, Ohio, wasand that I have:. Baltic, Gray, A'pinwaU,NWoorrtt"hushered in tlie season of'^des. Merrimao. Trinidad. k Claris- Th-^mpson Banter;sa. Pettigrew, Nuevitas, Yinaxa Delle VaUe k Co. Brigs H.Hsllock King, Ki-o Grande BordettAJfoble;Water Witch. Larawaj. Savanoab. Peck b Charch. Schrs. 8. J, Waring. Smith. Savaimah, McCreadv,Police Col. ;DuryeaStaff,ofthe Seventy-firstthe goods were to hava Miller,—one indi-Kegiment;;;andJudge Barrett, of Vermontand sold _ provisions, them IsaacOdeU.Com. Chas. Morgan, Hon. C. K. Garrison, B. R. Martin, &c., &c. Dancini commenced at 10 o'clock, supper was served at 11, and as late as two o'clock ttiis morning the ballroom was a maze of whirling crinoline, witJi oc- caitional glimpses of broadcloth. The music wassupplied by Dodworth.Lola Montez on Fashion.—The Countess ofLandsfelt deliverad to a full house, at Mozart Hall,Schr. Cerlto. (of Boston,) Crowell. Csidsaas Qee. 9| with sugar and molasses to T. B.Chase. -vperieDesalastevening,berlectureon"Fashion,"whichhas addonemoretotlienumberoftheirpotatioiuand leadingdallypapersfivedaysbeforebeingactedupon JBehool state that the number of Inmates of that insti- so frequently delighted provincial audiences. Al- then go home. Proceeding to tbe porter-house No. by me, to the end that all peraons who are opposedtution is 507. The number known to have deceased ia a. This leaves a total of 1,988, Whose history has beca the subject of Inquiry. Of this number the career277 Water-street, kept by William andvcr, found it closed for the IheyGro- may Lave an oppoitunity to b* heard. Objectionsmust be made in tmtll otherwise directed writing byBalled.Ships Marianne, Kottebohm, for Antwerp..•fatwutSOOcannotbetracedwith,Is enlarged by bits of reed, till In a of fashion a ladyring, either hollow or cup-shaped, is Inserted, and tbeJ.R.DoW.lorMobU*: A. V. Robbins. (Br..) for Nassau, Also, steamehjps esljio,:blstonr and character of 1,6S3tained—261 of these have turned out14 1-7 per cent, on the total of 1,688—bn* are known to have done welL This is 89and tbegentleman in tbe audience. The lecturer dilated upon the Ideas that fashion has Its origin in the sins or follies of mankindgtures, helped themselves to free dritks, assaulted theac' *e-n.doMbtis.reckoaed against theLiberating Committees, and Uiu Committee oa Public iSolldiBgs of the Essex Ckiuniy Fieehoiders held meet- lags onTuesday—the former and latter to make ar-.T Atto\ethis\^eJmve rapid,ui a of lr-.-;„„ li.rgayu!n.>,erinstitution; although Its votaries seldom securehappiness;them.A CLEBOTMAN CBABOZD WITH LIBEL.gv is to be a sufferer.down ibe laNarrows, tow, at 8:3SA,M.;,.» the proDabiUties Wore Isfayor of alhoroti«h rtior .nation.war with nature that in Fame's ;againstorporatianship irsmingo, for Charleston, at 3:39 P. X. light, N. W. Weather clear.BIf*H LANDS, Jan. 6, snnset—One bark atthe Bar and one in the boond ship OIBng,nals. WindllghtA'.W. Weather clear.Wfaidboyspresentationof a beautifultmuqaetfrom aof 'wall- Korih-r" I.ifc-ui,rangements in relation to the approaching execution auU atli activethe Bar ate:ifi A» steamers Northern LMit, (or AspinwaU at 4 P. M. : Prince Albert (Br..) forGaliray, at 4:1B: aad BaHie....of Maude, in case no further reprieve or curamutation -of hia sentence Iw BMde. At the erecutlon of HeMa-in iiumor. goodderlslnii ol Ihe and magistrate,prhCl.eaMe, directlyMayor's;certainty.have been ascer--^No warrant for money will be countersigned unlessfor for Aspmwall; Prince••irrov.',iliis the mall at the lead kept callingno bottom" attuiehor oa in: no sig-Tnls is 1 ,373 of theseof the bevond tkeediie Up protrudes perpendicularJlantsvUle, for Savannah.;badly.t r ci.iK aythough quite lengthy, oeeupying an hour and a half•go, for Charleston. BarkSaassao,in the delivery, the address was listened to with evi- The dentattention,andelicitedbesidesplentifulapplauddemanded admittance, andthe This undersigned.graduallygether, and cause absorption till a hole is made. 'This; for Galveston.and hisl"te the Police knew of their conduct Yesterday,assault and batter>' and riotous conduct which liadbeen preferredThe Newark AUrcvry save The Jail an.l ''•lire. ;>uii riii^s In men's noses woii!-l be ju^ta*-- In May last Margaret Enniier an-' -Vnn Piatt, twoper .-^at. of all who have gone forth ftom the instltu--tlon. In this calimlatioh, in all coses of doubt, tbe world that It controls men as well as ;particular, %ms2i to adopt b'p oma-By TelevrapkaroET LAFAY'ITrB, Jan. 6. sunset-Ko inward-bound vessels lo sight Ship U. 24ottebohm, for Ant-rea>unHtiIe »a<J urupci as in woiiie:i>.tmcriran lu-;when tashiondictates, rnaythere is always some niche for some rich fashionHt>lewith sides. Whensteamingupn-':. . in iiisiii-^lir- aml beard niuvenient. The prevailing- laehlims ,.f-.-. '-. «*:,.. li,,.: 1-1 ••!. (iiisl'iallJ'.-Ac^K^tltl! of ill ue-jlijieiil on t!te part ol the in*n-10 examine intocl or violation of duty.them foras a Police ("ourt Hall will be, us soon asninrt- ti.<.tiul. and a 5ni,i(t;tu|p lor 'lie goodri;il',ye.lancient aiid mudem times wereoccupied CityAsia, for oat overway, SQoral thai cent the uudikneebninoroiifly pointt-dIiu.rconnected with theoihi'c, and used as an Emigrant and Strangers* Pro-v.with awas.^ecrretary ef the Institution, excepted to theLiverpool, passedawayDr. Cahill'.s Tbikd Lxcinaa on Ahtro.vuuy.published an artlcie In the New-York Hun. of May I), which Justice QuacnCLtiush construed into a libel AtryWm- KORFOLK, Jan. 5.—Arr. sohr. Hathanlel Chase, Ui-it^, --.a I.y l:.rciiiupialiied tiefo^-e Justiceanychargesagainstwomenthat It is atbright templeThe;thatrailed Kebra, or ratherl>aorafc«sa. VMi<:uii« water Is low it shows a deep werp, passedm^ Keni?||0fik..liuiSiavbioa. nice, akdOieiBartves pot to death. Tka(aNiR>> dlraetadtotheCkHateaatree,wUekwaa tradewasealcniatadoosasapriaeimiaaareaof!•*••CITY INTELLiOENCE»MRTIKOOTTBBAjOBOAMtKBTTrVTE.—Aregularmonthly meetlDgoftha Annrlean Instttntewu held at prizes of clothing ; a selection ef >aekata, paals, OBSAinSATKm POS 18M-^TBS BBPVBUOAXt AK9 tj-XiatMrfMas Br.Idatagatne-Lieetare Tbe Gorilla—tint terrlNe raoaaiar, vsfeHh bM0AaerlcaaBeagfpMiialaadHfihilealSMie- noe,andslaveswereregdarlyprovidedasamaifcalf envelopes eonlaialng luaibers enHtllag "ha BOAao or coimciuuN. 'able commodity.verts, aad shoes having been conMbaua kjr Maasra.llHTbe Ameikaa QMcnphlctl ud Btatlsticalaoeh an toman—(draed, tmpleasantlikeamstAMMABT HAIXThe Board of ConDcilmen met laat evening forfastationa •(recelptainthesnm-ofW.SSS96. Theamountex- TbbCobpobationCounsel—Arntatunnor dentpr*Mas.,wasintkaChair.of tba Naw-Yoik iUutlrUtd Ntm*. The poor lads wera very gratafal, and received the New Year's glfu wiUi beaity aiaai-DKKOOmAHtmRB.deUghtfor was •3,a40 74. The amount o' Pcauo AoimiBTaAToa.—Oaasaa C. Baossoa, Esq.,premiums Garden and the newitBtnl ud e«Bra<reial lotelligente. of Managers to borrow e3,.',00 on the credit of the Insti- cumbent, Tnoaxs C. FiiLDS, Esq., and hehas confided The first ballot resulted as fallows, the Republicans business traasaetcd. Mr. T. W. Pii»», thependedreeeipts from the sale o( t chetTj at Palaceat tie Agricultural Fair laH'jmllton Park waa»U,949 his term of otEce. To the responsible poet of Public l>al!ot for a Prtsideat, which was carried, and Soon. a. A resolution was aiop.ud authonilng the Board Administrator he reappoints the present excellent in- ellaica Baolos and Hau. were appointed tellera.tute, to sapply the defiel'jncy Indicated in their reportthe duties of Assistant Counsel to Hsan H. Aansa- SOH, Esq., formerly of tbe firm of Mu>au« Willasd & Aapxasoa, who dlsctiarged the same faaetions duringand Tammany Democrats uniting on ConncUmanBecreUry_ rtad the foUowtec letter 6aa> Dr. LiviNaaNBB, ad.Josis Paanini He., Thondar, Jan. 9. which Is now thirty-o ne years old, that tbe expendi- the adaainistralion of Davixs. In Urns se- NecessaryThis is 'be third time I'a the history of the Institute,:am! the GnuidThouia.s<,n, Jury found au inJictmeatCiaaiyw. Rev. Messrs. Dalt, TasA-ioa, Cucaoii, .Mc-Nmx>xt, Jauxs W. Gxxaxs, Esq., and many gentle-men of influence and in ai-knowledged liigh |>ositiunin anyiheds. from Sombrero, lid. to BaltimorePortland, bd. to Baltimore, put io in consLqneboe 0} tka ice up the Bay.tbat class of tlie coinmimlty with whoselecturer has so long been IdentifiedV, as confined to Ihe elucidation of the law of gravita-.ly the sameau exaniiaaiion of theWAYLAID AND BOBCED.of JcniT F.Uie laws of matter on the Urqest scale that llie laws by which the apothecary weighs the thousandin part of a grain are the laws which deter-—To the American mine the balance of the Universeso farclimate. It is the want of work that kills tbem. Tne Portuguese all tbat so as areon Dec. ITTbe Br. steamship Asia, for Uverpool, sld.frem th*ascburxe..destroy-anto tbe port in distress.— {By telegraphjthe His discoursechargeofambezile- disbursiag moneysympathies— PoliceTei.bgbafb. TheAan^oUs Boada. Tber* carg*aadsaBssibatvayageioSaaALiberalBkwaed.—It will be remembered stolen. He resisted the to theized in i^outhFiRvp P[ lUNO THE Teab.extentof his aMlity, but was eventually conquered by havingh's eve gouged out one John YesterdayCiRri IT Court.—Calend.ir for this ilav, Vo.'i. SB, oonwtoI* "SSifim^^f"'V"^^"Wbuildingtore- «umofmoney foilhdinthecars,atthe theroanwhohadmaltreatedhim.JusticeCoK- 6P.f.9,71-,il,72,73,76,77,78,79,80,81,62,'83,S4,8*,To Ok 'kflSS*"' T'i'rd Udlailan fc)clet;c6, in Hing-that a week or two ago Mr. Jamxs Hatttaio,Daringthe Instyeariron, bd. to New-York,has arrived witk here,foremast—"—, '*'••1sprung, topforetopgallsntmast. maintop,jT The '"**' amounicommittedegraph derwrlters.)Cl* AGermanat the Central D^p«t la. Buffalo, wasmeetingSpecial Term Court-room, at 10 o'clock, A.town. Mas*, io.'TM'«^'^''l^»Si 'ist-""-^"hisby the recent procure a few of the immediate necessaries of lifesavages,confined to an exchange of^ dead bodies onSippoi^dio'lS.vebv'-"' nryjnssnity.lahorlngundernat "f te„ ... ,for the survivors.We are gratified to record th* fol-Rome, to the number of SO, on Satur- day evening gathered together their bedding in th*quantities, everywhere aroimd their villages. Hewas ne\er in danger inasmut^ as he amongst them,wasreaariied as a magician, and they were afraid of. Cov. MorrlU wlU not .bethat re«tctlon,fhould tbe door openbim and effect theirwouldThe Belfast (Me.)jailortheybe able to rush him. Tbe tribes of In Central other negroes Africa,Xabout Seven lost their lives. $t'<5.C(ip. personsletter,Mined Leonard kerln the emp ^7 "'^ "; "°^"The Divtslan-atreet Calamity.The contributions to alleviate the sufferings of morrew, to make arrangements for the dinner to be under the meridian,came into this port,the cannibal and.Vofrtiheear, mast, foremast sprang, and mtzenmast in^ired :V« "?*"* ** "B^e^stoodthat the satlsfactioo of done havinglowingaubscri,5 O'' S. C2 50hopingMaaOd tuhia.tv its pK-references h".MiUeman declines to haveauln ip it>opened tbe windows firs', and by the smoke visitedthem, but found' fc, the '="uf^e.d"fia^'tnSat *«aSyv. «e '• enOSed, he sav^,|V«ielcaAtBombrere Island. Dec 9. schrs. BatBIa,-. klsname ,»jo." »reChatham-It, (for Total|M. J. V., (lor Mrs.from StOoadaloape loadiii8fpiana,ferBaBStaaBeadiftoe(4at|,«,c theK0U.1Mr. FoLsoa thenintrodnced Mr. Do CaxiLLn, theAfrican traveler, who proceeded to read a paper, de- ster, from Mobile; bd. to Havana, witk aeasae ef taB-«bove bequests is Urown.bcabinetnaa-*= Co.. Charles-Montgomery to answer.55.whether he thinks fcr Hon. B. Knowlton tian»<pired.a eaadldata for..j oo200 past1 50of Milwaukee Railroad, deposited in the hands of Deputy Superintendent Caspxitcb, a largeiHef of I "S uPJ^r.!^^" "f "dd churVjiBF. To thebustees. ^"^SS'L"i"'Hinehajn_»l.0OO, the lu-' which he as^nm -i^ 'i' /11nome to be*ppUedU> the re-the DetroitandMontgomery was arnrehended on suspicion of harine committed the rnrbery and the complainant fully identified himreadingof thisthethaaks of the placed1 nht'iagara Falls Suspension Bridge. paiicemancoafident that the money had been lost by Mr.NieaoLAS BtJTSitrsaa, and oommuidcated with himand with the aulhoritiee in this city, tiutracting Mr.BrrSBUxa how to proceed to recover his property.For the aid which the officer furnished Mr. BctswokboonstderM Jt/ty cm'a a sufficiently liberal compens*-UoD. Wlut reward be has offered Mr. UATWAan, or6«, Kadditional an honest act should be sufficient return, has not Edward Reedtlons:$in Ou.Mn. G. II. Pthatwhen theTheI'heSrwsiDTSParte.Enjotwo Tsa, New Teab.— nen«i,ots had a happy New Year's festival onBattle and Emmie, (Yorkviilc)to .iifcovf red the true allowingthirty-five.Mr. SaxanAX,fullyEst Wrsr, Dec, ?8.—The 3-mastedae^, Blaak Mas*agentand lopgsITantstaaiyisall, nuzentSahpeaaldeafkssrebtaotplgiatutalaet.s-taysail,Boaa, Pietldeat Dalv, SecretariesW.J. Tan AassAta and PATaicsyourpartiamyodcttaMeiieain aaltcttii(topM-1cold that the water in theLxwis and J. Davd, Treasurer,and extra ttains of tbeMajr,I8W, n»dbecamefromen. TbisaccidentdatalaedtkemW. CaciiF,Abbtvals from Eobope.—The acrew-steam-Wa tha delta of enteredZambela In branch we eonldSergeant-at-Arms,theThe North Atlantic Steam-nntown 00 Sataidajr eveiAg oadeclared to be dying. The sufferer was detained ferred to a Committee of three. run away, that if tbe slaves to the who Hon. LoTBia BxAbisa. Pirtl Vice-Pretident—^-!. go Landingfor a choiceAChives of the11 14 S The Chairman than declared CoaaeOman Jaaia du-returned thanks far'the honor cosfeiiad aa fsilows :fhe Hudson River U now aaad eiosed, sleighs bei^tlie aaIhedefin- Hfo,andevenaatothefurtherdlscloenresofscience terdayforAsplnwajl,withafullloadpfpasseigers, deavoratalllimestodecide fairly aivi impanlaliy stantly,agaiastIkeheadaftkapruasiaitory. These, buslDesaofurgentimportancelacooaeeMaaialOilk>who8ENATOB BeWARD EN ROUTE POa'^tAaniNOTON. eood feelingamongwife,proceedDemocratlS psBBeiviiB, of ten days. We of which Mr. Pacx is also Treantie^ CaMaaatcwe had, in going toll aad spsndhig aaionth tlicre, aai Sweden, are not yet officidy known, bat a Turin the Trostees, and transfer It to the Institute as a attempting to reach the ofl&ce in the upper part of the EnCtowuhnisctilemeDsoor-keeper. Shaw and ware allowesdo tha mwuactekrlotwoerfatlhlaoeoswiderablr. It was,'tfepatcb *ayi tket Couit -Cirnvti baa been definitely from a decision of the President, Prof. Rxawiox, appointed a Commlnee to wait upon the Mayor aad'iNea for the Holy See, Uie Twa SlelUee and Sardinia appointing the Clerk, Librarian and Messenger from for H. M. AscnaaxRHAN of No. ID7 chrUUe-sireat Inbody, during which a successful apjteal was taken building, he missed his foothold and fell into the cel- CampbeU, Pincltney also, very naaal tkat tke Portn-atrntcUmm ^Con the Ice withtown. Testerday morning the weatker was aa plere-Americantnsiitutehavebeendiminishedbytheor-ganiaaUoK ef Stale and County Agricultural Societiesand CoMt/gig, while the field of its scientific labors ships £(««, trom Liverpool Dec. 17, and tbe GUtgm, of this hoard. Important qnestksas will come toetbr* after sseendlag aberat 70 miles we fouitd it Impoasible engines of the paaaaager traiaa, vsUiA mina Aampatseagera. Both steamers report severe galas od will be rememoeied as one as muchrsglon, youmindthefactthattheZambezehasintheeonncofages Tke Timet,of Mformal of a number of elttaens wa* held a9 tneellegtbe Mayor's oflSce, on Saturday evening last, far thegreat ofEdward -Robinson, D. D. Domettio Correapondmg required, when his friends procured a carriage and A resoiution was offered directing the Cotnptfoller obliged te give them his full value. This is a di- mind the peculiar snit^leness Hon. Edwaid Bve^Jacxua!*, that he found bis relative in the Tombs, ly- ~-«liick had fallen. At the departure of the itaamer a was received from Mr, J. M. lavias, acknowledging ing on a mattress upon tbe floor of the cell, with nothe receipt of the resolntionB of condolence and the eology passed at the last meeting, relative to thecovering, and apparently iniicb neglected. The jury returned the following veriiict: "That the said manNovember, whenMr. AV. C. Betaht, by letter, signified bis acceptance of the invitation to de- liver an address on the occasion of the meeting to be held in memory of the deceased. Hon. Hahilto!! Fishby accidentally fallhig lato the cel-'.Stiltdeath of WASBiKOTON'Iavijifl.lar of the No. 197 premisesadds tbat this does not convey a very exalted notion oftheir zeal or determination of purpose. It sums up as sent in a letter acknowledging bis election as an ceived the kindest care. We also hiid that be did no;:'Sallows:The result will lie to strengthen theHta. FernandoWood, Mayor:whyhas been known aliout the Zamtieze, may have Louis.""without emliarrassmeiit The reasonBooth by the adhesion of the floating massof opinion which in every cotmtry lies be-4««en two extremes. Whatever may be the future •(the negro race, no one in his senses can believe itsfore his death, and the other giving an account of one of the early meetings of the Society—were read. The' Tieaeurer'c report showed that ^6,diti b7 were re-further sugBcst tothe Board of Ten Governors theDiAx Sia-My perledoi service in this Department been the in the The Overland Mans »oa BI. J«*eiih (Me.) 1*1 branching stormy promontory, byhonorary member of the Society. Two original let- receive proper care after he was receive'l into the tets'writlcD by Di Wot Cusroa—one the nigjit be- Tombs—especially during Wednesiay night Wean*each year, a steamer of four or five feet could trade every Mondax Ttaandap,would i,eecutive Committee reported that there were 3QH resi-and no one would havewith this river as has lieen done, making it lose itself and fl.,w under the Kaiahano desert You may foim a better idea of its size, if I tell you of one of the branches. We ascended the—memtiers. and the remainder life members. Awas held \Coroner Gaksu.ici32, was Treasurer of tbe Board of Health, and furnished with the docmnents on the suhject of..poge from acburch record was exhibited, nnntainingbyDr. Miir»Btt. tiic President, filling the Chair. Several new memberssacijficeo! fee^iiJK for me and for tlitm lo ui.^eto a teI.^e of public duty and proprteiy. in ir.4.i I feet hecame a member of the first Water Board i-reated the. rwc. 97 ..P'>ntii*TnntflWW*w Ttt^ STev-Torklis lastmonthly meeting evening,.with the announcement that the screw-*1ieaiDShlp Greer Britain had foundered off the West- having been elected, and other preliminary business in Twenty-seventb-stroet, with about $100 worth ofoa .T'»iB-Brf—Gi Hof.-•a Islands. Itwas supposed tobeavUlalnoushoix, dispatched. Dr. Wtnici delivered an address upon the b^xes tbat hadoffor Helboume, and the canister was picked up five He based the right of such legislation upon the same formed tJie ofiiccrs that on the day previous the tt-e-^ysthereafter. -young men had sent away two or tbree boxes whichlonnion Council an elaborate report and iegislatlve•orm of an act creating this Department on its pres-Faaaeniera Arrlred.C«Bnereial latelllceaee.The sales of Cotton for the three days preced-TheyTI.eplains, and so is the climate, yet, with all tbese ad-obligationlegislatorstoprotectpublic health.ly}ears,onclusion of my then service presented lo thechalybeate;11>4Uv. _,of whom were pav-inquestby Palicf!Ilast month, when if the ratio increased at the same rate for a few Sergeant Lefferts learned that ab,>ut $600 worth of them were uii bale ut tbe auction r<K)ms of Lock woodperism and its accompanying train of evils, and that missing portiondeclining tendency, and prices were easier, tfaougb years longer, every fifth person of the entire inhabit- liKiibers, No. Iti- Broadway. These silks were Iden- c'liilerred a great blessing on tenants and poor fami-were«rs took 2,000 bales.SpeculatorsThe market closed dull, with abales,lor the of the nonpaymentmAPOBB AULABAO—BO BAT. Bonriss*.,.. TISI San sets.... « 47 iKoea mIi.as paupers, it was the duty ol legislators to search had been rlmnged from white toi-uri d a supply of pure and whe-Jesome water for thefor the cause, au'l ai>n!y the remedy for yellow, thisgrowiug am! eich piece had been divided, A demaoil'io;>le. Having ttien tesigned, 1 was- nark't was dull, and in some cases pilces were evil, Amoiig these were doubtless iirst in importance was maite upon the auctioneers for tbe goods, yoMt Honor in January, lh55, and have again servedwere thepeople busy collecting tubers, which, whenboiled or roasted, resembl; chestnuts. They are thus Lotophagi, such as are mentioned by HiaonoTCS. An-The advices from Manchester are unfavorable. Theappointed by proper tenement-houses, pure air. and a proper sys- but they refused, at first, to give them ior five years. The whole period of my occasionalsUghtlytem of drainage. The paper was well considered,eLfeagements and active services in relation to the..THURSDAY, Jan. B. tTleared.lower.LIVKBPOOL BBIAI>STITFP!; MARKET.KEW-TOBK.{^teamshlrs Hontsvllle. Post Savaaaah, H. B. Crossin . the . Tombs until the lollowing Thursday Councilman Van Tub moved as an amendment ate of th* Zulu family, they never deliver tbem up. IThomas DeWitt, D. D. Second Vice-Pretidtnt—Fred- morning, receiving, according to the statement tbat it lay on the table. have never beard of but one case to thecontrary,erickDePeysler. Foreign Cvrrttpanding Secretam— of Dr. Covii, every attention that his c»5e Tbe amendment was carried by a vote of 15 to 9. snd tbe owner—a favorite of theirs—wa'= purpose of bringing prominenUy tiefora the popvlar—Rev. Samuel D. D. Osgood,conveyed him to bis residence. He died on the same not to take any fonhcr steps in relation to the sale of gression, but I may finish off that tbe rett for next President of tbe United States. Reso-expireBenjamin testified at the Inquest which was held by Coroner i:irected by the Board. The resolution was laid over, retired before him, there beingthe rebels, and theyCtuistie-street caiuing congestion of the brain, end that his death was hasten- ed by neglect after having been taken to Essex Mar- ket Prison, and also from having been carried to the Tombs on an open cart when be should have re-Vah Commissioner of the Croton <|cuaicx,Aqua-the stolen silks in their possession. jMl the contained the silks were also fbuod on Ibi. piemises, BLd a woman residing in the house in-...•were to contain the remainder of the siippoicdgoods. Subsequently, the prisoners were convlcteel of the burglary, anr are now serving a teim of five years inti.l the sewerage of the City to in footing, addingfromGreenockand ueenatawtt Glasgvw, Qup,elephants. My number we saw at eight Wal- nianagement is about sixteen years. I venture to hundred. Herd upon herd appeared as far as the eyeof tbe silks un'dipayment by makingants of the State wauld be dependent upon its boupty tified by Mr. Frost, uotwithstanding tiieir color lif-N. next to that system of opera'ioDS wliich pro-an<l did so when the Policeonly declared theyother of parttbe abounds In valleyduct, was received by the Mayor yesterday CaoTOie Aqvxdcct DxpAarusiiT, i Nxw-Yoax, Jan. 2, ItifiO. )neeef siiy of having a physician in attendance at each being on U.e point of Us termination, I shail reiir? which it was hidden from navigators. And tbe Title, ni Salt Lake City, leave St. Jo**^ every Batar-aWBt Joseph." KaTiwas on a shed In the rear of theto meet a fate, wtilch right-thinking men will not preparation for several years bad t^een published. He upon a line. Her feet slipped and she fe:i to the paring tlie laws lor constructmg tbe Aqueduct footsteps on its banks, we are such a babbling news- Ara?oceived during the year, and $8,504 15 expended. TheyegencitatiOBranbeeffectedbyincitingittomurder Librarians'aiedthat1,997contributionsofbooksand Y'esterdaymorningEuxlikiCsiio,awomin35 iamgiatlfiedbythecircumiitancethatourre- probablydid,ihoiigbnotadropofZambezewater,in— GlasgowCanadaCi ty of Baltimore Eansaroo Arabia VacdeibiltOn the 13lh of last tbe Board of AlCermeu and of the Senate of tbe lately, Jrhn Bell Maicb the warehouse of ence, ar.d found it with a two-fathom channel all Edinburgh....Sew-Tor* Han*. "daaiages sustained in the late gales, and had become'* total wreck. The origin of the fire was unknown. WASiiiKGTOii'B acfenowledgiucnt of memborshln with BFHARKABI.I RECOVEItV OF BTOLEN PROPEETT. C Irrk of tbe Common Council. Being a member of Shire fully a hnndred miles from its confid- F.uropa.J«n. 18.....ingKepaptK.waterayoung gentlemanin the office ofthe"the Church of England ;" and also an original pay-' aerew vessefs. The Auairalutian is reported to be one SaMITABT AfeoCIATIO^LECTtniE BY D«. entered by burglars, who soooaeded in escaping witii nor tbat of any one of my associates la the Board, on and contains no sand-banks. It flows in a beautiful Kangaroeduilng whenMessrs. Frost & Cusbman, No. 58 Murray-street, was S ale ut tbe same time, 1 did not place my owa name, the way up. b varied from SO to ISO yards in width,the list of five Commissioners for the construction of the works, which 1 presented to tlie Governor. I: was afertile valley, about I'O miles wide, and fringed withhigh.wrongDee. U. ..Glasgow.... Citv of Baltimore..Dee. tl. ..UveraoelMr. Frost. Tiie trunk in wHich thereceived by the auctioneer was examined by the Po-lice, and ajthoufib it had been newly painted over, not committed an important mistake during my many of tbe hills are cultivated high ud. But never Roberta.;waU, Atlantic tlilecrGowan, Havana, O. M.traced ujion it.A disputcii the whole ilctalling storyand with nocount, snd I remain, with the highest appreciation ofwell armed with bows and poisoned arrows, readv to repel any attack, but no incivility was offered whenpieces qualityscribed, and a few^ days afterwards, the same person inate to succeed theSoutherner, Cheesebro, Wihnington,S. L. P. Smith,several other men met on youngBchr. B. H.Scbr. Breece, Davis, VlrgliilaSdt.,witkojaiet«. BELOW—1 ship and 1 bark.forpose of celebrating the advent of the year I860. .After havlnff become partially intoxicated, they decided tostanding this, ilieybecause it was refused, broke open the door, smashed in tlie windows, demolished the ujis-ware and fix-will aot be omit- teiJ except in extraordinary cases requirlngimmediaieBriga Atlantic,Asfin- Albert,noisilypublicationand an that it II all-powerful in Ihe S'ti ens, Simpson and Calllnger »erc arrested and tbe transaction upon which it is Dased, provided Inandthe necessarysn.iiisiion of the parties receiving it under oa'h as toaiH'orupanied bycon.mltted by Justice Cokbollv to answc-r charge* of the ju«^gment of tSc Mayor there are reasons for sup-proprietorwife,managed to escape be-vouchers,the at least an inch. I am thus nose,.A>soelf\Ilon.bi: ull ia Mple.sliii- &Reii.eiit. itev. D. K. Thompson, who at that In tjie h:tspmGnt of the60 to 8118ANDT HOOK, Jan. sonset,—vllle, tor Savannah, golsg out over the Bar. Steameraea'rr.-'t hlii^. \Vsteril:n- he wiis arrested by Detec-neighboringllve Van Buren on a warrant issueil andgiven.'^Mr. John Kennv,residingat No. 143know, long tbey moving they eajoy good health, but let them •etUe down and smoke all day, and drink then—nothighwaymanputon the climate.DAVID LIVINGSTONE.tbeunhappyfamiliesleftinutterwantdestructive fire in DivlElon-xti«et have sufllced togiven to the Hon. S. B. Steoro.among tribes. Thetradeoftbesehe seemed said,TwoLadies J.C.C....* L.Ro«en'bal.No. 107escape. Fortunately, he than the cannibals, were numerous. He hadnot-was obliged to call In the aid of Capt Sxillxs «itb to the sparsely populated. Owing polygamy, Slave-trade andarr.ltb. ttie Gansevoort Light Guard, before he could belief in of Croix via St. Tbom*«,Nov.»4: Praneia, arr. la the Christian ministry, and .'eeiS » outJ Tuesday eviuin^. atthelr lodging-house. An excel- Mrs. Matheu-en). Bums) 100 the pi.'sonerp, who were armed with briccokmbpaetls gdiefneral wiichcaraft, many the tribes were nn, rrom Marie Galante: Champion, arr. eth, f^oa2fOUntitled Documentdi*covefT,or r*-dlseov«ringIt ThelactonrevMHtanflwiholL attheirTea—>tteCttafBallbBllding.Aste^^ae*: ofon*of theseanimals,andgave•daaolpBaa About two haadred paiaMavaM preseat, HMsIndlog of Oieir habits, siie. strenglk. #«.. ia tfttta uMbSeeletTkaU aBcettatefvaaaaal iniareel laatsightbeiongsandwhole career. I therefore retire from public life with seen looked on usandYour obedient servant M. VAN SCH.ilCK.retiringWe weredays twyond tbis point the water is smooth again,;whoof Paris A search of the books of the latter showed that about Board, but the Board of Aldermen of IK59 failed to thither. Seeing the suspicians we had aronsejd, we Steamship Glasgow, f screw.) Thoauon. Greenock Dee>hadpieces, the whole of which had been dyed, and thentaken away in boxes to one of the express rotnoaaies. ted Mr. Van Schaick for President of the Croton and Arabs come down In canoes from Nyangabrought the first lot returned with forty otherNyan«8.brought up byacataract but fireit will bethe time referred to a trunk had been forwarded to confirm the nomination, and, at Its last meeting, laid Lockwood Brothers. Marks upon the trunk in which it on the table.the silks were sent to the auctioneer exactly corres-pond with tbose that had been placed there by the ex-THE .MAYORS Cullie,.!}. S. A.; Gen, PUlsDurv, of the Meuopolitan stolen from Messrs. Frost * Cushman. Messrs, Lock- pbeliuinabt prBLicATioN or ueasdres beforeand Cosscn, U. S. N.; Drs. Peck and Crane. C. S. Ny Lieuts. Craig, Lasell, Tipton, North andpressmen, thus affording conclusive evidence that these were a portion of the identical goods that wereI.^i OFFICE.ninglonreturn, and mean m do so next mtmthwood A- Brother state tbatbeen sold by them for the benefit of one Mr. \.but that name is beiieved to represent a notorious re- ceiver In this City, ag-ainst whom, however, there is st-arcely proof sufficient to warrant tils arrest.RIOTOUS BkriLKBS.Jos. Stevens, Daniel Simpson, Geo. andbad abundance ofat dcheap rate. Also cotton of two kindsgenous, snort In the staple but very strong, and woollyto the feeling, th* other very fine, and long in tbe sta-ple. We bougnt a number of specimens of theirspindles and yam, and as It was quite equal to Amer-it^an Uplands, did not offer them any Aruerlcan seed.The cotton-plant is met with everywhere, and thoughbunied down annually, springs up again as &eshand stremg as ever. They grow sugar-cane, too,bananas, <£c. The men are said by the Portuguese tobeveryintelligentbutverymild. Thewomenwear WIKD—DuringthedayK.W.,andfresh. the lip ornament round one of which I put my pen.Tbe silt is made in the upper lip, at first, a inCalllngerVIrgisiaoysters.ex-ing collusion, fraud or unfair dealing, in which thelikelysolicits complaint's, if welliici; I'li.e rooms heretoforefoini.kd mjiJ S'.i'-s'anltated. apatiist tiir s»i'.ordinate oiiii-em ol the1 liioi.tyten and the fathoms,topgrovecompara- 5,.I(.01Mayor-tiu'u, nHdm,;. in section 16 of the Ch irler, au-pel peiiJicuKr "wide, but at this season istively smooth. There were some cataratHs in it wbicb high water obliterates. This steamer ia too weak to ascend. She being only ten horse-power,and her plates I-16tb of an inch thick, we dare not herintherapids. Weshallworkdownheresotneofin charce. qualified to give all necessary iufoiniatioftContinental Due notice of languages.for AaplnwaU,at4:30P.IL Wiad N. W. light,ofthe rules and moeie of conducting this office will be<on as the arrangements are completed. gave bunds tor bis appearance to tiie Mav.T's office will be from 10 o'clock A. M., untilasThe hours tor tlie transaction of public business inness at No. 34Justice Co»Nou.T and preferred ament aeainst Henry Richards, late book-keeper of thefirm.,ItisallowedthatRichards,ialor tire haute, would make it appear bv the books that1.1.rhe I itl. lence toll.lsi y it Is said some $540 have Ijeen filched from SupeilMendent in this city. nauves, three of us have had touches of the com-Jan.ported asbare near the moeth o( tbe fttapseo, ng (otBROOKLYN INTELLIGE.VCB.»-ThJ%hipStacbebce r«<^Policerecently be en coimected with the prlnt^ipai office in;Cod,preeauSierra Leonehavehadmor*of his own credit in a Sjvlngs-bank. Ia Police, can be communicated directly to the Deputy most unhealtb;^a;ason of the year .And evea to theFBOVINCETOWK,Jan.t.—Arr,barkLanerk,Vptaa. trom Palermo.and had for its aim totaods and got tbe moaey for them, vid the (ieluded and omniscient Creator and RuUr. He slui«-c,t thit lie tiini within six montlia. Rlchi.t^« was ap- FiBP.— Late Wednesday night the plaster-factory complaint but are all, now, quite well. I have never CBAuasToa. Jan. 4.—Tbe schr. Geo. H. Fields, firoaaasexhibitedinthemovementsofed by fire.ance In Brooklyn offices.insur-Brooklyn.—there were si» fires and 15 false alarms. Total lossblame Is allI am, *c.,After theSociety to Dr. LmRosTONi were ordered to be on record.of members of the bar will be held In theRebxlmon in themain hail, and set fire to if,—ers in the at jail^y'^Telegraphhashealthand, thankourshe will reload aer Pranclsco.wliicbis covered —TheReformedProtestantDutch about,from Europeans beSng unable lo work in a hotBoadt,experiencedheavy gale, aad toMLoss, $2,000;byM.,kesefeiala- vBTbe discharged. The brig Florence, fraa Salreston for New-York, arr. here, yesterday, witk bead of forsiaast y.lte».«„., SecretSyS?to-witkSpakea, dfce.H. Manchester, Klskeiaaa. 10 d». from MobUe, tbrBoston, Dec. at,^at.a7 4g,IanlT9W.iakiBg filemodseratherlySnd,butat Spnytea DuyvelnatHtbeywereaaaiated I7 ttaedeaied.will amotmt to over $100,000, a large pattiaaaf at 1 o'clock action fur tbe coming year. I again thank you for moat exposed. To it we went after leaving the direct use of the State fnnda It Is alaofontid a channel in after a search Clerk of tbe Board by an unanimous vote ^hls third tt,prominent Republican'good poru,whichfalls heavily on this city,wkm tka SHBtlaaenaMr. SUdell was elected Sergeant-at-Arms, and Mr.i»o(<hesied that we could set aacend ten miles,forSardinia,andCber- thaigentlemanresignedhis5eat,calledlar,receivingsuchsevereInjuriesthathewasren-InlormMmoftheorgaidxatiun. fetsweassaidalsothatwarwasraging,aadnoon*ftiirer,ofWednesday,saystbataImvabout17yeara'«B|)OiDtedSr«t-i>lenlpolentl«Ty whereupon dereu msensible. After having lain In a On motion 01 Councilman a•iiar tDuaaiaoii the Kcwid, and tbat France has EiPiesident Hall to the Chair, and, declaring that condition for some time, |be was dishceolvpelreesds of three was to CraPfithrouklsesst,for thCeomBmoiatrtde—e~kaen oSSdally notified, of tbe fact. It ia alaopoil-aiaartad tbat Cardiaal Airioiiiuj will repieaent finally laid on the table. The meeting hen adjourn- where he was committed on a charge of drunk- shall have txen adopted. tention In tbe river, sent her off, and went up to the About $2,500 the aaioant wasreeefredfleialMhe did not wlrh to be considered a candidate at tbe appointeddrew 9 feet 7 inchgeos,npa,ndevsheen wifashuendceourld. Our Saturday, with aboat $3,000, wMeb bad beta ealrnsP ship engage-election, left the room. The motion was and removed to Essex Market Police Court, the old rules to lemain in force until the new ones ment to go to Ceylon. We, therefore, to avoid de- ed to him to convey to Winebfsrer, Prebla-Coanty. coming ofImmediatelymet with the accident Herehewas detained, stillInches. We had no diflSculty with the !' rebels," aswas called, and a Committee appointed to form a ticket for officers of the Institute to be voted for at tbe elecdon next month.meetingwas dressed in a black sack coat and broad-faruaned a physician was called in, who pronoimced turn to oe cilman Lent, contesting the seat of Councilman John continued ever after on the best of terms vvlth tbem and hat. His mother, a widow, resides in EatSt> KoIn an unconscious state, undl the next when morning,they were called, indeed we got pilots from &iem,andCourcilman Allxsthe Uistobioal Bociett. in a dangerous condition, and advised his remov- Baker. Mr. Lent claims that Mr. Baker was not a the Portuguese. They were called " rebds," as they trace of him has yet been learned.presented aprotest byEx-Coun-Annual MKXTiNOor—At the annual meeting of the Historical Society,foUowii^ oflScers. were elected lor 1^: Prtaident— Dr. CovxL, the physician to the City Prison, was Councilman Alun moved that the subject be re- Slaveholders here must be civil,' for it is so easy to phis Homing BuUetin of ~the 28th olt. aay* "(Tliis, by mistake,by an ordinance of the Common Council, and served It was well cultivated on the top, and had severalpacklng- » itB singular attention, as 1 re.;eived no pay foi- near- fine little fountains, the waters of which wereFnlton Ocean Queen AragoForluguese:Having been elected aEveryquited.liranehes between fliesc, aad those within th* U>-th) are also commtmicatlngofBavtag got into tbe mala straaas, we Ibond that movedfinrncethe tides are geaeraUy deep.fromernor and CkiQncll, aad D. L. of appointed as his successor." HnUEXNtof room for all We continue carrying our luggage up the river tillof Ptolemy, actually put down the Zambeze as flow-ing Islo lie sea at Quilimane, which, in his days, itwell>foi« ill. Va/a \te aAoeUHiod, and found ii iO^ V{.,»--7'.-i.-isi..f,s in that law which forbid tbe water being shut off vantages, no use has been made of it as a steerage.tiieirproperty,tas TStland for a new andreservoir. Thevegetationverytheregularthem a lien on thessi.itarium by the Portuguese, and, as far as we canasccitain, this river has never been explored by Eu-ropeans before. One part of the luxuriant valley ofthe Shire is marshy, and abounds in lagoons, in Bead]' Book. S 20 1 Gov. Uand. e OS | Hell < w bich grow great quantities of the lotus plant Tbeofgroat beauty,woodedto their top..ArabiaDee. at. Boa. 3a.Liiej pud..were andare very hospitable,Insteitmsktv-Mrs. Wary Vernon, Arthur Davenport, Adam Pennat Bichard na]es, Mrs. £. B. Tait and «5 lo tkedifferent from that ofsometimes chased them in our little steamer, for the Express Co.Northern Light, Tinklepangfa, Aspm"ocean,aad pre-of the State Tuas1partect safety as low down aaIts existence wasAmericaItohnegt^hdonaotirl»oifb> aad Id naturalisia, nlfearthe Ckaik. The lapott e< Oie CeancU of Nomi- this occasion with new Interest, from tke iMt MkplcdaaUens bavttg keea read, aad eon eetber praUaUaarrthe speaker had seen and stiut them in thate native haunts. Their treraendnqs roar, he said, eoold'be heard four miles off. aad the beating *f tlleir **"*^* upon their chest a mode of exprcsslBg tiaelx anaar, ia audible at a distance of one mile. "dressed te Ibe teclety :TO nx iioaRABT owTKtmr-nmxetOBRArm- copy of the address wa< reqoested for file ar«would b* allowed to old, named J. H. Smith, aoeconded from MiddletowiutofteigbtHodsta Rtaar j^l-ourWe obtained what may be considered reliable infonn-deemed it unsafe to leave the vessel and go overland. It and t^ueenstown Ifth F. M.. with mdse. and 73 pas- But no collision took place. The greatest coward sengers to John G. Dale Has experienced a soeeeaaloal.n caseourownladies,whoshowanoble pe.-.-^everanceof the walls of the toMeredfrom50to80feetaboveourdeck. Itisfromtime yet.Mackalolo,yardsPropeller Honta-we took daily a qeantity of quinine. The period of the year^I select-SUverwooding party molested.SaLTIUORE, ed,thoughnotthemostfavorablefornavigation,was offthisafternoonandtowedtotbe mostThe Kroomen fromit than we, until a short time ago, when, it being tbetailinghisadventtiresforfouryearsinCentral ber,yesterday,to beJail at Rome. The prison- which to feed. Human bones were found in large l^-o^i'&y.^ofesespe, Bimatitm of affairs. Ho withstandiijg tbat the country was veryt"he late dafalcallon Mr. Pick arrivediuar,miMA Is by memerandum checks, aad the reiasdaderbf tk0obtained. We learn that Mr. Pace was yesterday re-—A YouTFruL Defaulter. The Cfatdnnati £«•at • A. H. so little signed for it dieald b* mmiktiplacedmy msp.) JnraDec 31Dec. 31Jan. 10. ..Havre.noble animals they were. We wellACo. PrinceAlbert(Br..) ;KuropaMott t Co. Bellows.Key West:;.Jan. t.Jan. U....BesCoB.Liverpool. ..... V*w-Terk R«w-TorkJ. Smith k Co.Aiil sed.oysters.Sehr. CommerceAiaaUa*Osnitls. Vermllyes, VirginiaS d*.. witk3 ds.. with <>7ners.Galeatta. OBwia*''^''< ing Star, Foster, fcr Saa Frtticiseo.ofand olfacr damaged.main- By tel-( to Ellood Walter Esq., Secretary Board «tBn-.- lent supper nas I'rovlded for them, anii aflciaBma.1*110 and claJVi to return to t)i«tr cells.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069would i>e acciucd of lu witchcraft,sixty people causing ^Oa de-;Nathaniel Chase, arr. tth. tea .AotiMB. *www.fultonhistory.comrstones,appearing. When kingdledfiftyor 