 GNEW YORK HERALD.JA21B9 OOilDOS BKIHBTT, ewroa i s o PRopRUsruaOfTIC«»•W.COBN*UOF*138m AMDFCUTOWSTB.balanceinbanktoApril25was$18,73J0t>.The body of the man that was found in the waterther i i " / 7 i *"*r*/A ft('/F UrBAiritKorrntMper fpf. 17 p*r anm-i2ZxZnt,ZZ "*•»•MP"„«»_mtoa.>—rt<V5reilBHfcU*.£»/<?»£<* LJrf". . i t*- WA a*i » U V • * * -*»-* <•»«**-«<• •Mr -r»* o/ tl *"P*f irntwm*?*?? F.4MILY^KRALU <m«T«te«Mlav, at /tar e*U P«rat Port Morris, on Sunday afternoon was yesterday identified as the remaios of Wu. Lawler, an iamato of the Almshouse on Bldckwtll's Island. The in- questwascontinued,andaverdictof"Deathby drowning" rendered. The body was given to his wife, who conveyed it to this city for Urterment.The Board of Education met yesterday. Con- siderable routine business was transacted, but litt'.e of it, however, being of general interest TheHot. Shnll W e Reeoire the Jnpns*sto*A resolution baa been introduced in the tees. They, too, have their questions of boun- and it required some time to get things proper-Debate in the Hon* en the P^ttt* •tevefcsw.~-~*r. T^itf*<*•«*>• •"< r«r*r«a ««A^-.J*»«-rVTnct?!* T BiaiSsan to SBAI. At-Latrsss A W P A«- Finance Committee reported a balance of $76,584**» *«1 As. OmrSp<el.i WaihlagisaMil. »«»» C» ,AO NOTICE tak** of anonymous Mrvw§><m<*(ii<*.return r<jftt<xl aotnwuancaHoH*.• •tl M JLXWAjcuuMXxn tsa avwrHo.__ . ^ „ " • "° *"*on hand.The Persia, which sailed from this portyester-n s u r t axons—Baosxs BOMB.M W B T TBBATBB.BOb'i W i n - U n i» AU. COM*"-»-»»*Fa***** * « • » •ofthenamesisgiveninamthercolumn.ThePer- sia also carried out $770,991 in specie.All the canals of the State of New York were openedto navigation yesterday.The msrket for beef cattle yesterday was steady, and the offerings were all taken at full rates. Milch cows were quiet Veal calves were in abundant supply, and half a cent per pound lower. rheep were steady. 8wine were active, and prices advanced |c.a 4c.perpound. The total receipts were:-3,751 beeves, 139 cows, 1,437 veals, 5,099 sheep and lambs, and 4,265 swine.- The cotton market yesterday was without new features. Low grades were still irregular, while the higher qualities ofmidaUngtofairgrades were held atfallprices. The sales embraced about 800 bates, closing on the basisof*»*H the past six months, _,. realizeforthem,withouttrouble,thisdesirable press. And,asfarastheNewYorkpressis Morris,orIllinois,willurgtUM,,M addition. It is impossible that thepolicyof concerned,ithasbeenso;butitappears that uonappointingMrOrr.otSs-Tctllla'*_____" *repressionpursuedintheTwoSicilies canbe theprovincialpressisstilldissatisfiedwiththe phaa,ofMissouri,andOorerawWosTimJsstoaera to negotiate with the Mormsaa tarLAUBA O B V I »uww.THBATMaT, «M _tUS«Wl..-0OU*a*HOOD-and he will, therefore, soon find himself in com-pany with the banished dukes. Then will proprietors was held in Springfield, Mass,arise another very grave question for Euro-peanstatesmen,andqnewhichmayleadto nowinexistence.ThefactisthatforalongtreatedssaquestionofeconomytotheTreasury,raxaaruaucABB AJTOTUBrearmsSLATXLAW.Tte timu of the House WMoccupied to day in the seat. ment of differences between the republicans regutiM _, Fugitive Slave law. Mr. Eliot, of Maawarhsactts, thou* diplomatic transfer which will leave them in position to the Associated Press, gave a cer- the law unconstitutional because that instrument di« M very little better condition than before ? tain amount of news to the Boston and Phila- authorize Congress to legislate for the retnrn of fsgiavsi delphiajournalsfornothing; andanattempt amongtheenumeratedpowers. HensssteaSsithatas IntheeventoftheexpulsionoftheBour- toestablishauniformrateofchargestoall intentionofthsframerawasthattheyshouldbsrstsrssl« f f Ososu-How'sBowory.-BOB» C-otB»oi»ni!*,ns-oa-way.-shi'ram--'carried on much longer. The King will either arrangements of the companies; and the papers havetomakethefullestconcessionstohispeo- ofNewEnglandarenowengagedinadifficultyple, or he will be driven into exile. The with the telegraph company which promises diction of the United Statea The Com priests will prevent him from adopting tobeawar. It has alreadygone sofarasto maketheirreporttothe PresidentbythenextseBOWsTBTTHBATBS.T oaiyesterday, to take steps to obviate the troubles serious complications: A re the Neapolitans to time the provincial press had been furnishedgood neighborhood with contiguous settlemsataIt __MS-srery.-r-SOauB-Mrmove within a reasonable time from the lasr- andIs sad WWALi-tOsT.* THBATB* Bree-wey.-HOBSAXD to Oar-nn —_V_*T»©DT'S Fnissn.the only alternative of safety left him- oause two strong manifestoes to be issued, andCongrrss. The ground for this movement is to prtrem recurrence of war and bloodshed, as the hfcttry of » . MormonsinMissourisadIllinois showsthatthsyi*.-^ owingtotheirpecuUari-es,liveontermssfpeaoMa.MBA BB00aHAM*8 THBATRl, 444 Btondwey.-AtA LASTA. _______•ABiruira AMOICAW BTTJSSTJM. B*oadw*y.-Dey -*i •^i^rif.t HTA.T RITU WO* KAIB Lwr-JBAina D_AJ-«—LITIS. OVBioeima. h ebrokersquoted11 ^'c. abe allowed to dispose of their own destinies, or are they again to be made the victims of awith news by telegraph at a very cheap rate- indeed, one company, for a long time, in op-•^!»»-L_«n-? eonaTvw. *«.-BO»LI»(JBS OOH- TBJTTtOS. _ _ _ _ _ _ _HIBUVB SAUK)". Broadway.-O**. t'TOSTT'SMm- ITBiiSI*BOWliS,DASCSS,BuaLSSQOXS,«*—WBMO.seventeen to sixteen. Thty have before them Jeffer- son Davis' Senatorial resolutions respecting the pro- tection of slave property in the Territories, the reso- lutions adopted by the Alabama and Tennessee De- mocratic State Conventions, and the tariff resolu-tion adopted by the Pennsylvania Democratic State Convention, as material for the construction of a platform for the party in the ensuing cam- paign. It is represented that the prospects of Douglas for the Presidential nomination are far better than those of any other candidate.Ouraccounts from Washington are unimportant. In the House, yesterday, a bill was introduced pro- viding that newspaper and periodical venders may receive packages by mail at pro rata rates of freight. InCommitteeoftheWholeseveralrepub- lican members, including Mr. Corwin, of Ohio, de- livered their views onthe constitutionality of the Fugitive Slave law. The outline of a plan whichis now engaging the attention of the government fortheremoval of theentire Mormonpopulation from Utah is given among our special despatches-touching at all the forts in the bay, and run-city every morning at 3.20 A. M.hasdone veryACADEMY, os MUSIC—MAKTBA —A capital performanceof Flotow's favorite opera was given last night to theimmense delight of a full house. The distribution in-cluded Adelina PatU, Miss Adelaide Phillips (her first ap- pro rate rates. Maps, engravings, phonographic papsr pearance since her return from Havana), Brignoliand and envelopes, books bound and unbound, blankwu dsy for Liverpool, took out 242 passengers. A list11HC-. while someu t i K T * HUmiV-XA MuistensBsf B-U, 471 Brrene"- ll»,c the discrepancy probably owing to some difft-ceiptofthelateforeignnews. ThereceiptsattheportsOOOFBS rK8TITTJTB.-txm»mo- Of PaALSPB OBIOI-AI. have reached (since the 1st September last) 4,170,000 tion to be laid before their master. It is toby State authority. Mr. Cor win, having been a aeabtr newspapers, upon a principle which certainly of FWmore's cabinet, which approved of the act of ISM»um*s or tws Ooont or 1»WAT»—-Ttersasu u 4 Braninc- bales, against 8,420,C00 In 1869, 2,065,000 In1SS8, and our profit in every way to make the most of SATlORAL OOKCtBT 9ALOOH, SaUonal T_«-U«.- 2,734,000 In 1867. The exports in the same period have our good points. T h e b a d ones will speak forbons, there is very little doubt of the disposi- tion which the people of Naples will make of themselves. They will vote their annexation to Sardinia, in the conviction that their incor- poration with that kingdom offers the only se- curityIn the future for their liberties. The populations of the Peninsula, united, could hold their own against anysingle continental Power; whilst divided, as at present, they must depend upon the strength of their al-Perhaps the best way for the telegraph France will give her ascent to the absorption companies to manage would b e to estab-»O»G». r'i»«r«. BCKLU^OBI Ao.TRIPLE SHEET. « • - ¥o»k, Tbarsday, 4prU »6, 1TOO.HOTICB TO ADVEBTISBBS.We mast again call apoa the public to hand intheir advertisements before NINS o'clock in thereached 8.088,000 bales, agahut 2,209,000 In 1859, 1,794,000 In 1868, and 1,830,000 In 1867. The stock on bandamounts to 716,000 bales, against 636,000 la 1359,634,000in1868,and396,000in1867. Theflourmarketwassome quartersinthebest part of the town. Their letsactive,whilepricesfor most descriptionswereagain maintenance will not be costly. Thesubor- better. Thefirmnessofholdersrestricted purchasesTor dinates eat nothing but rice. The dignitariesseems quite correct, h a s created much discon- tentamongtheruraljournals.defended its constitutionality la a witty sad avcasat speechofnearlytwohoursduration. Beridiculedths idea that the same men who framed the irsaniluilisb« properlydassi/tedTit* Sews.national,shouldb eehowna n de x -The Charleston Convention progresses very •lowlyinitawork. Yesterday the Committee on Credentials reported that the sitting delegatesfrom New York, Illinois, Massachusetts and Mary- land were entitled to their seats. The minority of the committee—six States—reported in favor of admitting half of each of the New York contest- ants. The report o f the committee w a s accepted,thus admitting the entire Albany Regency dele-The proposition to adopt the Cincinnati plat- the ships on the stocks or launched; the Novel- form, pure and simple, was voted down in that ty and Allaire Works; the great Broadwaybody by a vote of 17 nays to 16 yeas! This shops, such as Stewart's, or Tiffany's, orthe Northern governments, a s well a s o f Eng-land, to give to Sardinia all the additional light on that account. W e understand that has returned to the city from his home In Massacbsssat,gation, and excluding the Wood delegates. Areeolaticn for the appointment of a National shows that the Southern elements are deter-weight which the voluntary action of the Italian populations places within her reach. By doing so they erect a barrier between themselves and France which will prove an effectual guaranteethe telegraph companies n o w make a profit o ftwenty per cent per annum on their capital, andthey can, therefore, afford to be liberal, andshould be so, if they want to maintain theirposition. The Boston merchants and New Eng- Railroad officials state that a large amount of bolt •Committee was offered, and on motion mined to have a clear issue on the slaverylaid over till after the nomination of candidates question, as distinct as that which the black re- for President and Vice President Ex Governor publicans have adopted in their fraternizationLord & Taylor's, or Singer's, or Ball & Black's,or Haughwout's,; the Bewing machines, fire-arms and telegraphic instruments; the theatres against the encroachments of the latter. It israACDruBrT BAHX NOTKS.Alargemeeting ofthemembersofDr.Chee-ver's church took place last evening in the lectureroom of the church. A lively discussion ensued onMr. Smith offering certain preambles and resolutionsdeclaring theForeign Mission Society to be dero-gatory to the interest of the Church, and detri- by a two-thirds vote, it is not improbable that mental to its interests b 3th at home and abroad.thesamewayalloverthecountry,thusspread- ing Ihe influence of the metropolitan press ra- pidlytothefurthermostcornersoftheUnion. The progress of the press in this country is truly wonderful, andhas kept pace fairly with the growth of railroads and telegraphs Twen- tyfiveyearsago—withinthememoryofthe presentgeneration—a newspaperhavingacir- culationoffive thousandwasconsidereda v e r y p r o s p e r o u s a n d i n f l u e n t i a l e s t a b l i s h m e n t ,althoughwantinginBust-inedpowerofvoice,gaveex- treme pleasure to all who could appreciate her exquisite methodandgracefulceesoivocn'izatioa. Shemayhave «ra_ted the force of some of her predecessors in the part, but she excelled all those thatwe have heard inthe purity and chastencss of her style, her majestic presence and her emotional power. She Is truly a great artist whom time hasbeen unable torobof the talent which gave her for years such amarkedpreeminenceontheItalian stage. Anapology w a s m a d e f o r S i g n o r S t i g e l l i , w h o w a s s i t i e r , E g f r o m awhich,inhisjudgment,cansucceed,andnotjoininths vain search tor what cannot reasonably be sxpeeud &j itsmostsanguineadvocates.Mr Cimis gsve notloc that at an early day he intended to bt ing the Pacific Railroad bill before Ihe House lor d*- cutstonsadpassage.Mr LuoT, (rep ) of Mass . in the course of his re- marks, said that it would be the happiest day of hii bit when,atthepropertimesadunderpropersurrounding?, and at a proper request ot the ciuzens of the District of Colombia,hecouldaidthemtostrikeofftheshacklesof theslaveshere. Ifbeweretosay outsidewhat bsrss nowsayinginthisball,whatsecuritywouldbebaretha b e w c u i d D 3 t DO p u t u n d e r b o n d s t o k e e p t h e p e a c e * T h s doctrinesoftherepublicanplatformwererecagnlxsdby thefathersoftherepublic. Thereisnotonedoctrineof his party which does notfindits root sad begttniogfromThe meeting adjourned at a late hour until half- past seven this (Thursday) evening, whenDr. Chapinwilladdressthemeeting. Areportoflast n i g h t ' s d i s c u s s i o n i s g i v e n i n a n o t h e r c o l u m n .vention In such awayastosuittheirwishes,eveniftheyshouldloeethefightinthecom-m i t t e e . B u t t h i s c a n b e d o n e o n l y t h r o u g h amanners, and,aboveall,refrainfrom spitting in public (if such a thing Is possible),and t a k e o u r a d v i c e g e n e r a l l y , t h e s t a y o f t h e E mThebarkCharlotteE.TaywasarrestedlateonTuesday evening, by the United States Marshal, at break up in a row.pleasing sojourn to them, and a very profitable one, in the end, to our merchants, upon whose position with the commercial world the future of the metropolis mainly depends.daily circulation of a first class metropolitan journal is hardly noticeable.act. owing to this cause, was, we think, unnecessary; bat•A this the artist hi of course the best Judge. The Azuoena them. On the contrary, the doctrine of the democratic of Wits Wtnler, if not the best that we have seen, was (arty was subject to slavery, which has arrayed itselfpier No. 52, foot of Tenth street, North river, on a warrant charging that she was fitted out as a slaver. She had cleared for Rio Zaire (River Congo), and the manifest (published inthereport) looks some- what auspicious. .Thus far the South has been firm and uncom- promisinginitscourse;andwhatevermay be the result in the Convention, the slavery issue is the one that is before thepeople, and onTHENATIONALGAMEOFBRAG.—Theysaybrag is a good dog,but hold fast is a better one. INCIDENTS OF CIVILIZATION.—We published That is the old proverb, but the politicians have reversedit.Bragistheirdog.Thetallest kindofabraggameIsgoingonat Charleston just now, played b y the friends of the leadingjet a very creditable performance. This lady Is gaining against the theory and practice of the leading statsstwa,inU>efavorofthepublic,andwillhefoundavaluable NorthandSouth,fromthebeginningofthegovernneatbelief that, to the discharge of his duties, his saleobjectisthewelfareofthepeopleinallpartsof thedangerofrevolutionanddestruction,andevent reflects the greatest discredit on the ser- to obtain with regard to the Pope. Pius the vice of the hospital, and the Board of manage- Ninth has been writing a great many lettersmentshould atonce institute an investigationand ha acts recorded according iitwou7ld"be"wYellforbim~,hu*m&bto&-«--^~-S-vt*(^)' tathe Union.TheBritishyachtMagnoliasailedyesterdayafternoon for Cowes, and w a s escorted beyondtomake himselfr>or**,- therefore, once for all, to make hisnseu P f n wBeady Book by a party of citizens on board theWiner James A. Stevens. An account of her de caxals were opened on Tuesday to navigation,The institution in question is not the only the exercise of the epistolary art producestown. Up to the 18tb lost, several alight shocks had occurred. which so alarmed the inhabitants that they abandoned the bouses and slept in the street*. It was sup- the Presidency, ^ ojt«a«oMiMbaW £ ^ J ^ t potcdthatalargeamountofdamagewassustainedis verypopularly«*^*'2Sa^«"of"this."darinfpsrtwe and the escort given her is reported in anothereolnmn.one In which the neglect of proper attendance tocleanlinessandcarefulsupervisionhasled to accidents of this nature. About two monthsden. and another requesting that the right ordis-private mansions or in abodes where a vigilant housewife has the superintendence. What a woman candointhewayofsupervisiona hospital steward or a police subordinate oughtthatthe Presidentwasnotboundi to^J^JETveryposing of tickets within the Garden be withdrawn freesthosewhobookpaaaengersinEurope. Mr.JelliDghaus presented letters from President Bu-d-man, Lewis Gam, W o. L. Marcy, and variousMinisters at foreign court*, in regard to the matter.11a subject was finally referred. A resolution wasofferedsadadopted,thatasthehospitalsonIthe Quarantine s^ouods wore unoccupied, the fur- | Hc-4and s s w Z J ^be believed hkely that principle was carriedexport and on tpeeulatioa. Wheat was active, andit by Mr. Craig, in behalf of the New Eng- land press, from which our readers can see forthemselveshowthequarrelstands between them.pect to bear men get up and express the beast that ta* corstituUon itself wss unconstitut'oual. Mr Blot hears* his opinion by quoting from Daniel Webster, sal —111 strorgrointontheOhiowit,whichheonlytamesWclued at an advance of lc. a 2c. per bushel.chases included lots for export and for milling.firmer and is good demand, with sales of good yellow at 79c. a 80c, and of Southern white for export at 84c. Poik.was more buoyant andfirmer,withsalesofnewevening. Thepressureuponusatnightisvery messat$1787l,a$18,andofnewprimeat$1412)£a portance. Thetheoryoftheceremoniesshould great, and minutes are hours after nine o'clock. $14 26. Sugars continued in good demand at steady be to combine the practical and useful withdj nastyhas pretensionsto theNeapolitanThe radical republicans do not exactly reuth ths a n a sliding scale : that is to say, so much for ner In which Mr. Corwin announces his opinions as tr-the first ten words, so much for the next thodozIntheirparty. TheydeemitabidforbothBt_There is one fact that should be borne in mind :adxertisfm'nts received after that hour cannotprices, with salts of 1,600 hhds., chiefly Cubes, and 200do. melado, on terms given in another place.quiet. The chief sates embraced 1,000 bags S t Domingo, for export, at p. t Freights were steady, with moderate engagements. Among the shipments were 20,000 bushels wheat, laship's bags,at 7^d.,and6,000do,do.,bya sailing veate!, at 6>,d., In ship's bags.TheCharlestonConvention—The Struggle on t h e Plait form.The point of the proceedings in the Conven- tion at Charleston yesterday lies in the discus- sion of the platform in committee.the ornamental. Everything of which w e as Americans are proud, everything which is disthronein urging when the opportunity presents itself Austria would no doubt prefer seeing those claims realized to allowing Sardinia to profit by the further accession of strength which the annexation of Naples would give her.What course will the other European Powerspursue in the event of the question presentingitself in this shape ? Clearly it is the policy ofhundred, so much for the next five hundred,more and ChicagoTHB SARDIXIAK KPSIOX.The Committee on Foreign Aflalrs, having authsraaj Mr. Burhbgame to report a bill, which he has preptm, raising Sardinia to afirstclass mission, he will sahrati the first opportunity to do so.THBOOVOUB ronmrn.No business wss transacted by ths mvestigattag ammtttee to day, on sccount of the non appearance sf wt Deases.ins CAPrroL BXTKNMO.V.Mr. Train, Chairman of Public Bunding* and Groash,gates do not desire to g o into the campaign on anabsolute iaeue with the black republican ideas,and they are struggling hard to obtain somemodification that will enable them toavoid a direct conflict with the prejudicesPROGRESS OF THE NEWSPAPER EXPRESS TRAD*.—NEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, APRIL 26, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.floners of Emigration, and at present in thosebuildings, be removed to R&ndill's Island. Theweekly statement showed the number of emigrant*arrived during the week was 1,401, and the num- Legislature during the last session, tor which ber remaining in the institution waa 754. TheBoat d of Aldermen apropos to the reception of theJapanese Embassy,themembersof which illustrious body will arrive in this city in the courte of the next fortnight The Alder- men purpose to appropriate twenty or thirty thousand dollars for the expenses of the recep- tion of ihe Embassy. Upon this a long, and of course lucid, debate ensued. W e presume that it may be taken for granted that the money will be voted, and that the civic authorities willdothehandsomethingbytheJapanese, so far as the civic authorities can be made to understand what the ha ndsome thing is.We, in common with almost everybody out- sideof Corporation Influences,regretexceed- ingly that the high officers of the Japanese empire are to be received on the part of the commercial metropolis by euch a set of fellows as those who rule the roast in the City Hall. But there must be a reception, and necessarily an official one. Therefore we must make the bestofabadbargain,andtrytohavethe thing done as well as possible. If the Alder- men do not vote the money, it can bo raisedamong the merchants in a couple of hoars.The main question is, how shall we arrange reoee tu classification. The market closed, however, the programme? The Japanese are intelligent withoutchangefromthepricescurrentbeforethere- men,whocameherechiefly-to gain informa-dary lines and strategical positions. France ly organized and to decide as to rates of chargethem atTie pur- Corn wasthe exercl «e of his lnhnilable humor.iul y rtminde ' Southern men that he was not a eaah- date before the Charlestcu Convention, bat that OSTHI delegate to Chicago.CoiTe* waswhichLouisNapoleon willn o tb eslowto b e hoped that they will have the good sense offices, with their lightning presses, and so to see this, and that they will no longer fool- died suddenly at Charleston yesterday morning of fact, the one great issue before the people. on. A s they will come while the anni- ishly oppose themselves to the march of prin-land newspapers are already threatening to c o n s t r u c t a l i n e f r o m t h a t c i t y t o W a s h i n g t o n , in order to provide themselves with the news ; and the telegraph companies may rely upon itthatthebestwaytoavoidcompetitionisto establish fair, uniform and impartial regula- tions.Junes, a quartette which would do credit to any Opera printed cards, to go through the mails at one cent par House in Europe. That we have two of our own primedome so good as Miss PatU and Miss Phillips is something ounce under fifteen hundred miles, now charged letterpostage, by s recent decision of the department, and ths present California postage to apply on letters earned hr the overland mail from the Atlantic States to the Pacttt coast, even if under 3.000 miles.Robinson, Chairman of the Vermont delegation, with the rabid abolitionists, and which is, inapoplexy. The Convention adopted a resolution The Cincinnati platform waa rejected on theversariesaregoingon,itwill bewell enough ofcondolencewiththefamilyofthedeceased,and groundthat it hadbeen interpreted intwo toletthemseehowthemissionarieswhoareciples, any further resistance to which, on theirparts,willonlyleadtotheirowndownfalland then adjourned. The point of interest now Is the senses, and this the South deems a highly ob- sent out to convert the heathen, and don't do ruin.action of the Platform Committee. They have al- jectionable feature. But the Northern dele- readyrejectedtheCincinnatiplatformbyavoteofit, are manufactured. There should be asteamboat excursion for them, the vessel Th« newspaper expreas train which leaves thistheymaysucceedinmodifyingitintheCon- decentlyastheyknowhow,readupforsomeWepublishinanotherpartofto-day'spaper whichthecomingbattlewill be foughtseveral communications from our correspondentat Whether the Charleston Convention succeeds yesterday an account of an incident that oc-TM!?!'*"*-' *"**toanambulation HansdSnrtOOdthf Tin ROYAL WIZARD.—M. Hambujer, the toiduant roy- gentleman from MassachuseUa tosay that he (Mr. Cwrt)inshirkingitornot,inwords, the democratic curredinoneofourpublicinstitutions,which tion for forming a provisional government, held at party most meet it in fac*, for the black re- shows that, in spite of our boasted humanityalwizard,wholatelyarrivedInthiscityfromEurope, wasinfavorofalltheprovisionsofthelawof1M0for has been giving entertainments In natural magic at thecaptureandrenditionoffugitivealsres. HopeChapelforthepastweek,withgoodsuccess. Ht MrELIOT—Yes.sir.Is distinguished from his predecessors rather by his so Mr. COKWIS—The gentleman, then, misunderstood aH pertority of manner than by novelty of mvenUoa. Many of opiniors upon that point, notwithstanding be had endasTucson, Arizona, giving the details of the Conven-that place. The Conveniioa met on the 3d, and publican Convention at Chicago will take goodand civilization, wo are yet, in some things, candidates. They do not mind bragging a bistricksarenew,however,andhisaudiencesduringthe vored to be veryclear and explicit upon it,and test others might also have misunderstood him, he wonkl re-itisthatwhichmust be met,fought andde- feated.THROWN DOWK—ALARM OF THE PEOPLE. The bsig Baltimore, Captain Potter, arrived yes- terday from St Mark's, St. Domingo, brings advices to April 10. Captain P. reports that on tha 8th lost averyh<avyshockofanearthquakewasfeltatthat place. Several buildings were thrown down sad con- appears to have had the same fatal effect that siderable other damage done in dinerent parts of thewere never to be recorded. ( - ^ ^ T n e r t U tintothefactsandpunlahthosetowhosenegli- OPENING OF THE N E W YORK CANALS.—The gence it is owing.lately upon theItalian question; but his last letter—thebullofmajor excommunication—understooduponthispoint,hewishedtosay-First.u ^ ..lood upon this point,b opposed to *•whatbebadoftenasserted,thathewast_ePres-deel<* power being placea ta the handsputrtcg ha construction up power faUiithat there was the danger of w - {r","_AT^ _. of tbe hands of a Present unfriendly to the £ln*stt»tu«UoMa^ ^after impatient reclamations on the part of the public andpress. TheWelland canal was opened twenty-four days ago—thus giving toof more than three weeks. What plausibleOf$10,000wasreed. TkeamowUwascutdownto excu8e|canbeurgedbytheCanalCommission- nrornirg,halfdevouredbythesame horrible mischief.which our oitonsmust pay for the expense- of the local government, and is the direct re suH «.f the flagitious corruptions of the Alb myTHE CONSOMIUTTON or ITAZ-T.—It will havebeen seen by the advices received by the Cityof Baltimore that the exaltation of the popularmind in Northern and Central Italy has not culty going on between the companies and the Plaa for the Eemoval of been calmed down by the substantial victories pms. This arose n o doubt from the suddenIt baa achieved. It is not sufficient for the Ita- way in which the telegraph sprang into exist-lians to have accomplished their independence; ence, and from the fact that a new set ofthey desire to surround it with future guaran- men were using an entirety new instrument,this heavy drain upon the metropolitan pocke will go to pay. ,Mormoas from Utah.b elive upon a little fowl, sweetmeats, cakes and confections. They drink only tea, coffee and water. Great care should be taken in all these matters, which may seem trivial to us, but which to our guests areof the first im-themselves.first provided with competent and handsomeT h e Embassy,then,shouldtinctivelyplained to the Embassy. A s the dignitaries are all military men, a reception by the State troops will b e eminently proper. O n such an occasiontheFirstDivision might be paraded to some advantage. Then our guests should be shown all the lions of the city, beginning with the Central Park, the Reservoir, and the High Bridge; then the navy and dock yards;o p e r a h o u s e a n d c h u r c h e s , t h e g r e a t n e w s p a p e rning up the river as far as West Point; well so far—the morning metropolitan papersand, if it can be arranged, a regatta with being regularly delivered at Albany and Troyyachts of the first class. It has been suggestedpapers and periodicals may receive packages by nuD atof the Northern rural districts. Mr. Bayardproposes as a compromise the adoption of a that, if there is any member of the reception Cleveland at tea time, and at the intermediateEeries of resolutions reaffirming the Dred Scott decision, abjuring legislation by Congress on the slavery question, and declaring the duty of the Executive to protect slave property in the Territories, in the national forts and arsenals, and on the high seas.These proceedings show that the danger oi anexplosionatCharlestonis asimminent as ever, and that the Northern politicians axe strongly adverse to being forced into an une- quivocal and uncompromising Southern stand. They have fought the battle in committee, and are still fighting it there, and the vote of theConventionrefusingtorestrictthespeecheson the platform to fifteen minutes, shows that they are determined to continue the fight after the committee shall have reported. A s the plat- form is to be adopted by a majority, andnotcommittee who has the entrie of a fashionable places in a proportionate time. Judging from drawing room, the Japanese might have an op- the howls of the local press, one would sup-to be proud of. Miss Patti's Martha is already familiar tothe public. She sang all the music very finely, and mademfurort in the second act. Miss Phillips waa meet cordially received, and sang like a thoroughly good artist,assheis. Brignolifindsin Lionel oneofhisbestroUt,and always sings it superbly. Last night he waseven the Housewasfull. better than ever.portunity to compare the manners of the upper classesherewith thoseof theOrient Theaf- fair seems almost an impossibility, but there may be found aCurtius who is willing to sacri- ficehiscarpetsandran the risk oflosinghis plate forthis occasion only. Suchexamples of patriotism are rare, but still great emergen- cies always bring out the resources of great minds.We are willing to give the Aldermen the cre- ditofgoodintentions. Webelieve that they willdorightwhenit pays betterthan todo wrong. W e believe that the right way to receive the Embassy has been indicated in the remarks which w e offer above. If the Aldermen will keep clean for a dayortwo, avoid the prisons and lazar houses, behave aspose that it wasdoing even more than it is.Theresidentsofthosedifferenttownsandcitieswill co doubt appreciate the importance of re-ceiving the metropolitan journals in good time.Thefirsteffortofthisenterprisehasworkedsoadmirablythatexpresstrainswillsoonberunin other directions, which will deliver themorniDg papers at Philadelphia at breakfasttime, at Boston b y ten o'clock, and at Washing-ton at noon. By andby a saving of one dayMr.OOLTAXstatedthatbewould callupthebillwhafiery debate, and inthattheConventionmay bassyinthemetropolis maybe made a very butnowa fluctuation of Ave thousand inthe cold;hotheneverthelesssangwithhisaccuttomedspirit andabandon.Theomissionotthegranaarininthethirdcloseditsdeliberation*onthe6thinatThepro-caretopresentit.TheNortherndelegatesbutverylittleremovedfromasemi-barbarouf thousanddollarsortenthousandonaworthlesspastWeekwereveryliberalintheirapplause.H»willplytotheremarksofthegentleman.Hehadunmittsn-ceedingswerecharacterizedwith greatunanimity ofaction.Aprovisionalconstitutionwasadopted, •object of course ta be superseded when the fede ralgovernmentshallhaveconstitutedanother. A Governor was subsequently elected, and he pro- ceeded at once and appointed Territorial officers. The Territory is, for the time being, divided intofour counties. The election for officers will take placeinMay. Aprotectwasadoptedagainstthe removalofUnitedStatestroops,ortheabandon ment of military posts now established in Arizona. Resolutions were adopted endorsing the adminis- tration of President Ruchanan, and expressing theircondition. The new born infant of a poor card;butitistalk,morelikeboy's play than ocnunuehisentertainmentsforanotherweek,bothafter- ab'yata'ed,uponathousandoccasions,inpublicssasan o w i n C h a r l e s t o n c a n n o t g e t r i d o f i t b y a L o c n a n d e v e n i n g , p r i o r t o b i s d e p a r t u r e t o f u l a l a n e n - fallaciouswrappingofitupinphrases,andthe Irishwoman,whohadbeenremovedtothe anythingelse. Inafewdaystherewillbea gagementatNewOrleans.b i l e s , i n t h a t H a l l , a n d v a r i o u s o t h e r p l a c e s t h a t h s <H notagreewithallibeprovisionsofthatactTnat wu the extent to which he hal gone Hs std staled that he had some doubts ss to as ccnaUtutionalityofthatlaw,althoughbetterlasryer* than be was had expressed then* opinion on its oossffs-more fear they show of it, the greater encouBellevue Hospital to be confined, was literally show of hands, and then we shall see what weragement will they give to the rabid abolition-devouredbyratsduringthenight—themothershallsee.Brag,however, neverwonthedayFBOBABLBMCKMBL—LasteveningaOghtoccurredinthefcAt the meeting of the Commissioners of Emigretton yesterday, the claim of the Kiugs county the British a start in advance in Western trade ago a poor man was taken to the Jefferson haps it would be wiser for the Pope to keep his of the veceeh 1;tug in the harbor, causing their masts totbeycanvsM of 1848 this W*TM*^TM^ * rally inculcated by himself « * * * jLy^ws .he'Northwestern States, who *£2_*«s K-£*sf ofGeneralTaylor,which^nk»J»_»f^hatlheP£- theUnitedStatesshouldnot««^f^«J^jK_>-$4.000,andreferred. Acommunica^onfromMrJellinghaus on behalf of the German and other"societieswaareadrelativeto.remunerationforbaggage of emigrants lost or stolen at Castle Ga - tion that have nearly ruined one of the most character. W e hear of no such accidents inAimy Intelligence.theSecretaryofWarhasdirectedthataboardofoiri incaseswherethesetPTM^*^"^ JfT' rers in defence of this difference in point of vermin. Surely there are means of pteventing time? ItIssuchinconsistenciesofadministra- occurrencesofsoappallinganddisgtacefulaoers, conaistifig of Major Ramsay, Captain -Aynadler and clearly" unexnsUtutkmal-that the f*^_J££eals* ««important latexests of the State.Naw Yoaa'sSHARKOPTHBSTATBTAX.-Weu» determme the policy and V«W*%fJ*J* ^*_F_£5?uncoostitota-al. bat • an extra***;J TM ?" P o t «>f the State Assessors8 M I ^K*"***4oilar*. This U enIJeuteiant A. K Eddy, Fu»i regiment of artillery.An extension of leave of absence for one month isb y ttetoJZJSZTZ'r*** wasuponthat *J*^^rZ2,&^?TZZ*" A leave of absence for six months has been granted to the whig party were cast for Oeu**- *»»»* " _»npes*d^ lac*!/ ta*pe»tai «ft*^° » **o mil- w a Jl5£that excitements are necessary to health. Keet> water stagnant and it soon loses all its whole-some properties.pfesk!totor his Cabinet. Be was *»?TM£. 7(_d*los *market lockup and waa found dead in thebulls tied up in future, lest they should do more abate vtolfcBtly, &care threeliances for protection.The question is whetherof Naples by Sardinia. It is to be feared that she will n o t A branch of the present imperiallish a regular price for all newspapers onat breakfast time; a t Buffalo, Montreal a n ddance house of John Green, in Water street, between aists to go on with their attack. The propo- being too weak to drive off the vermia. yet, and the Charleston case is not likely to be liimbcr of girls and eeveral rowdies, when one of the Ucnasity. . ___It will be asked howsuch an occurrence could take place in an institution in which itisexpectedthatcareshallbetakentose cureimmunityagainstsuch visitations. How was it, moreover, that a woman in this state wasVawi from St. Domlago. republican leaders involves every Interest in dition rendered her entirely helpless ? The other side of the Atlantic the same rule seems 8SVEBE SH0CI8 OF BaRrHO.CAKK3—BCILDrNQaMr. FUOTwaaglad tofindthe gentienaan went faruw thanbehadknownbimtodobeforeoathapwaj* few steps turthir, and he thought he would be able" sbkke bands with the gentleman from Ohio, for mat uw-sitionofthePennsylvania delegates to inserta resolution In the platform favoring the inci-dentalprotectionofironhasaboutasmuchrealinteresttothepeople to-day aswould aanexceptiontothegeneralrule.THBPOPE'SBILLANDITSEFFECTS.—Every- bodyinthiscountryknowsthatforaPresiden- tial candidate or an aspirant for nomination tofemales,namedMaryAnnWilliams,wasterriblybeatenby one known as "Big Steve," and to euch an extentthat on being conveyed to the New York Hospital butlutehopeswereentertainedforherrecovery. Theac tteywo;Moccupythesameplatform _.,i«-« cuted. after the woman was conveyed from the building, macebisescape,andhadnotbeenarretteduptoalateproposition to build a railroad to the moon.The absorbing issue presented by the black left wholly uncared for at a time when her con- write a letter is certain political death. At thehour last nlgbtupon our politicians—it bas killed him off. W earetoldthatitislookeduponinEuropeas"aIn 1848, when 'General Tay Wr was ccuntry. In 1848, wnen «»5TM*2MteIbe an o?»•»T l « TTLEOnATTI AKT? TH1siiire tke telegraph system was established ill this country there' bas always been some diffi-andotherregulationstogovernthelines.For ten or twelve years these controversiesToiWASHWOTGH, Aprs ^ itm rmof0»n» KOIOTAI. OF TBclaimedSavoyandNiceasanecessity. Thepeople of Sardinia are clamorous for Venetia,in order to strengthen the new kingdom whichthey say bas been weakened b y their forcedsurrender of those provinces. They also castlorgingeyes upon Naples,which,theythink, fewmonthsagoitwasthoughtthattherewouldwould render their position still more secure. be an end to them, and that everything wouldThe excesses daily committed by the govern- be conducted in a uniform and impartial wayment of that unhappy kingdom promise to between the companies, the public and the been privately discuss* duringand disagreements between the telegraph com panies and the newspapers had been brewing; but when the companies were consolidated aCorwinDefine,hi.P<Mit4#ri on the subject,we understand that a convention of newspaperOn Friday the "Trovatore" is to bs given for the debut ofBanUandthebenefitofBHgnoli. Twosuch interest- ing events on the same evening ought to attract the largest audienceoftheseason MissPhillipswinslog"Azncena.',An agent of Mr. E. T. Smith, lessee of ner Majesty's Theatre, London, is In town, and proposes to engage- Addina Petti. Jtst now she is the mainstay of the Academy and cannot be spared.THE P06IT10S OF THB HXTTBLICASB OS THBrUOmvB8UH LAW.The House went Into Committee of the Whole oa tsi ButeoftheUnion.Mr. F:OK_NCE, (dem ) of Pa., briefly explained his tar-T substitute. SimplyinthedetailsitavoidstheperplexitM end complications of the main bill; It hi free from ceav pound duties; has no rninimums; gives specific duties fwPRE8S.—Bvb7raws raoiwASHijrc^We publish to day the statement of the did not knowwhat itmeant, yetthen same men voted AmericanTelegraph Company, andareplyto fortheFugitiveSlavelawof1793. Heshosllnext«.and so on.cure a long speech or document by lightning, could get as much of it as they liked, or could afford to pay for. The company, moreover, in fixing the prices, should take into considera- tion that the time at which newspapers employ the lines—mostly in the evening and night- is just the time when other parties do not use them, and they should make the charges moreO n this scale, papers wishing t o pro-Wi»T»R CXKDKS—MadameFrex?.ollni's appearanceas ourcountry'sstaples, leaving for further legislationair attendance at this house. Her performance of ths role, of the measure to discard party and vote for the bill,intimewill be made with NewOrleans,and Leonora Inthe"Trovatore attracted last nightalarge extensionofthesystem. Heappealedtoalltruefrieailat'iuisitton to tin Optra.down to the tune of Calhoun,Mr.Coawiii, (rep)of Ohio,at the conclusionof K- hvery silly affair, without force or effect." Per- other pari? of the Island. The shocks were felt on board narty of that day. la " ^1 _ TM ZZ. mr*r-EXCTTEMENTS OF THE DAY.—Thereor four excitements on the tapis just now, which absorb all minor subjects of interest. The first is the Charleston Convention; the second, the great international fight in England: the third, the expected arrival of the Japanese Embatsy, and the fourth, the advent of theLieutenantSaur.de.s,OrdnanceDepartment,assembleat the Washington Arsenal, to examine and report upon the merits of a shell, to be presented by Mr. William Rice.The headquarters of the Second regiment of Infantry will be for the present established at Jtftersoa barracks, Mo., Colonel Miles commanding.SaTTaw rested with the people sa^thehr BggfoaadfoTsirFUmore as ^^^mtuSJmV^ inat be WMa member of ttat •^"•""^C-Tdurtus»h* prtedplewsswelluauersloud, ^*22£fn2** whole of thatadmtiistteatioa, «*»_!J!Mi<#<***I»«ABrrv F-sruiso man VANITY.—The Lafayette (Indl ror b-s Oabtnet were the WZIV&V**, her* -" ehouldeeethatthepersonswhomtheyemploy ccmmonlty. Theexperience ofmanproves ana)Jmtnalaayathesheriffofthatcount*reoeatlytooka Uonuponthelaws,butthatthe*£*£& «**•to be competent to undertake. Those who PrinceofWales. Anyoneoftheeeissufficieat graLUdtoBrevetOartainSeymour,sameregimenthave the direction of our public institution* in itself to ergroes the attention of a wholeUntitled Documents h a l l n o t s a c r i f i c e i h e l i v e s o f t h o s e e n t r u s t e d t o their charge by such culpable inattention toj o u t s «e l o w t o t h e l u n a t i c a s y l u m f r o m t h a t p t a o e w h o i s rrBb-rkabiy handsome, and whose lnsaaitr is believed to nave been produces hy a morbid aevetopeaaeat of bis ••If •wri-H V»»Wv w> no* mM'fl*-* w « b n»«Vii»r w#«»nl*«»*> —u u_s a»_m vtuuuas ui UM crave UUMI the vaiMeia.sembled. were to deter*tee -^".^.w^deBess rAs tlmnm legator, step o n "subject wa** kmtheir possessions, on the express eoaessaa thai hattheirs/and will shortly examine into the management of est tracts and construction of the Capitol and Treasury sxta sicna. Captain Meigs will be called upon totestifyIs than matters.the Clinton Bank of Westernport, Md., a broken concert s r e b e i n g f o r c e 1 u p o n t h e u n w a r y , s a d i t i s b e l i e v e d that a still larger amount has been sent into the West.VHIKTT-BIXTH COrVGRBlS. FLE8T S_88I01t.House mt Representatives. WASHISQTOX, April SS, ISM.nxro-TAsrr TO n w s r - m vurrjmm.Mr. COI?AX, (rep ) of lad., introduced by snaa-WM consent a bill providing that the regular dealers u sswt-sir. CoBwrs-lt had become fashionable ^P^Z inthis,aswellasintheotherhallofthetor*«/*_worder, therefore, once for allt M oen t;PettierbnTncho7the'ft-*-^?*"^Sha-i peopleofa*tb*3UMof Onngre*- alone, elected hy OMP*?*«" Si*-***Mr. Corsns pUr ftitarc sad property la charge of tue CoauaM*' 7 7 . J ! ! ! ?1•hew the law of ISMfor the JJ»_*££__ft "niwT-e stev-a, which - a s a e*mr*o«se « ..^^w *a,*-a as- »»-TTBI- *their diid___Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 