 t h s athe names cemprisiag il. There' are It persona of rack and o3 servants —IfTar assas rtaHhtiums tor fthe request, of the pmiwiifmirwith the faretsuaactstaled that ha weald endeavor to.as possible, to order to relieve these i, hat far the wast ef<ahaald be«'connectedly,at Wnlisasll be earn* sp to an an 1 cento net he ia aawaatoaas oaCJ to morrow.dears, whea I imntediately saw that the stairway of the hoase opposite was as fire, I 1 served the inmates of theto escape. I ran over saddreu et ene fnfl swmp.laavtotaaj sf the fan wss perfectly Uttorsu with a^f re b e the price ofremdnsgat No. 87boildmr*was a Mr. , whose wife had gone to'Furope about two fh fi 1 avwattotsas sad awbaanrre af the ha n a a a tuarter, and asked me to bare a drmk M i i i t i otarvertattou! bad with ban, M hewa*Cteded (o call 1Samuel E StoneSpray, the haitoaad Ehjah Lettstortd m aow Haven; sheof the late UltlIE8ra6 AND lPFBCrnS raaUENTS. fire; about half-past ass o'clock, my sister, who eesaptos a' bask room; noticed the reheotton ot' the light, and asikd oat "fire, fire," which awakened me; Islept to the front roam; as soon as I awoke f r* «»d my SCERES AT THE STATION HOUSE. Ml' op to bed sad tooting oat 1could see directly into the hallway of So. M; the stairway waa then to a blaze: T immediately dressed myself sad rsa eut: as ? tookad I •id not see any ase near the house, nor diu I hear say some. Whea 1got out»the treet the inmates of No 90mortthE since. Yesterday moraiag she arrived hack to the city, and spaa getting oat of the railroad oar at the corner of Sixth avenue aad Forty-fifth street, grea' wss her horror to find that bar home wat in ruins From some persoaia the crowd the learswltb^terri ok: fact that4ten persons were consumed lathe Uames. an her r-rrorbe bad awmthe taaaey I did net aw any bilto.tue perm ofNew Yorktaesgh oa the skto of MM l o w theMrurJ Mate, fimthiag and bettore « « • • > « • « dotl « -toed ia theMJ there which had tanwiter a :t the rope by which the anil ia dipped into the utter bad stood bad hair on it, and was wot. the rape WMabout a i foot )aa§—leaf eaeagfa In dip over the Tea* a! into the water, there wasaeaflbnant oa tome wood b t f i the Here, it was covered with blood aad alacky. Did you ase any narks of btood ' A. A: theof the saastreas we discovered a pool of btood* and bewwthe berth we atoo saw spots of btood. as;.; a naaa had beecmardered. at this pomi Jackalos mtsifesied coaatd^r* *.• ^.-.!:eiffla( with *»kxi and ': wa» enbs^q ;ectiy hto saeaslaem, aad was evidently deeply tosssasmd mtbstosttmoay* Q Any athwr ntaiJts «f btood oa the sheets or ctothusg;A. 1 law 'Bo sheecag."iok-J mu> it tor some tithe there used it w t padlock crumble at any muavat. rhe resuming nonses, «tfmdirect to England, and ofsrred them any convevanoe or acccmmo«iattoii they might require, but they deriiaed.Th« Sccrtlary of Statt, m a letter to Mr Harris, Sear- ing date April SO, 1860, says:—order* have already left the Navy Department, directing tlt< embefsadors to be met at Asptowall by the Catted States r o w r fricate Roanoke, and conveyed' from thence to New York.Mr. Harra, to a letter dated st Jecdo, Nov 15, lite, to the Secretary of State, aajs —Ihey wttl embark en beard the rotted fwatos stoaaaer rowhaian at this place between the i-1 and Sfci o Feb roary next, aad may be expected to ream Asptewsil m toy to sixty days after their departurethere, which _ the bland en theapeairalaf theto hare of thet ;«riis|e aa3 conveye t the Ji'irec ^jniai. ». :he Ve^ Ystk Hospital.Tbe ftomee raged witc coastie.'a.y !i:y s-z' xe who!* tipper part of the house waa socc r.aetr>:y^ WMSU ;ae smoulder Jig beams Tell to the fir»t :r--rThomas Benaet;, whe a emplaye- .a the su^u ttab'iss o' tbe Btxth Avenue Radrcad Cnm^any, oc JUp:*i apart stents JE the fo'-rth story, rear. H.-? fam'.iy coseifted o" hto wife aad four children. Mr Benoet. was act at home when the fire broke eat. While the Sre was ragiOK Mr Besaett was raantog sbcat -iAtrarted XTtiring the whoreaseuhi of hit family, cut no out :o.l! g:-e h.a the least astosmastoa.Andrew Wheetoa wae ait? easptoye*. s* -• stables, and WSF not at uorne H: occupied ap4.'Ui.3ats ou tse third Hoar, rear rooms. Hie iaav y conetoted of h:s wife and tour chikiroc. He like Mr Eesii^t, wis atoo making ia quines about his family, tut no one could give him any tidings about them.ihere w:tnout fsprcae orders from Mr. Aheii Q. Who is the property uow iu cttarge ofA. WiUiamoff«i:cg a very coaibosuble material in case 0 ' tire, the tt-uactf, is ihe eveDttf th.° U*'e! calamity were, naore- o\er, unprovided wtc any rneaiis of egress or ingress save iue btairways.THE SCKNi AT THE OTATIO^ UUCi£.The sceae at the Twenty second wars station house, wnere the bodies were cocveyed on their removal fromcabia wwnbont aa or eight iaBsat aawrsmy head; there waa bleed ea tae side of the cabas door, watch had tae appearance of scsag frost, aad teamed u> have spurted en each state as the person «^«*^1«f was being hantol oat; there was a new nail as top of the stain; an removing it we reaad two lackers, whteto had the appearand• of be-» aed sefssed to hare rag down there when the sail was pelted out yen eaaht, by gststog oa year knees aad craw! •g saiisr, get at fas private taakar; oa searching the arawer, there we toaad some hlaak papers, bat BOpa- pers of the erew of the tost voyage I look a thia Itoer. coat and t shirt op to the station hoase, which we sap posed setaaged to the captain, as they were aahto bed; th* esat aid shirt had rcaots itao them. there was no btood •a them there was a catoa the of the rall.oa • ft as btoodConn , aad aae from Ihltimarf. the farmer I opested, as I dtt net kaow but I could recognise the signature Captaahe was bora.Was yoa present whea he(swghtsr), he was accustomed ataasily.y. The town of Guilford • noted for im intemperance MAboC A. Ho,ew,thecoBtrary is the fact—(laughter), it generally tooli him rrusn ma days to two weeks to go to Now Yerk, sas 1 always saw ham whea bo arrived back Joaaay thsy task into the family aae winter, sad ho stolettonr A The whole property brmgs m from Pfioo to<700 per asmnm,Q. Were the doors of these homes left open during tbe night timer A They ware always open, night aad day.mtnw-.iL TssrarosT.Wooster Beam, Jr , M D.. being dniy sworn, detxieed*c ic. taws —1 have mads an external examination of the bodies now lying dead to the yard of the Twenty-Second precinct station house the bodies are nine in number, at follows—fNo. 1.—A female body, full size the breast, abdomen left band aad arm aad left teg wer-i not m i c e burned, but the rest of the body was completely charred, there were v.vn -.Egs on the third ttager ot the iett hind.No a—Body ot a cnito about foir years old; aboa? half of the front part of the <dtuil was absent, aad bad e-nden'Jy been broken or) by a blow from some heavy objec*the charred remains ef the unfor unnte victims were laid aad covered with stripe of canvas Arrived there, their anxiety sad sr .ef almost overpowered them. At tbey passed from body to body, desirous, yet afraid to lift the cloth lest they should recognize the form of some missing relative, their countenances presented an alternation ofhope and fear, and when at length the inspection wasover, an exciamauon of grief told that the worst fears yiacme one 01 the searchers bad been realized, or a si^h ofretief thai ax.otiier ol them was more fortunate. Hi-bodiea sail remain a: the station bouse to await 1 teati'lcauoc. It ta possible, it to thought, to identify a couple oftbesa from scraps ot ctouung wlucb are still adheringAround tbe neck of one of iu women is a bandage, liketnat useii in the case of sore throat, and oc the wrist re-maoia a piece of the sleeve of a night-gown, with tbe but-ton still attached. If tins body u> identified it will bepossible to identify tbe other, as Mrs. Bennett and Mrs. and Mechanics' Bank, ef Greeuaborougn. Md . w,jil>i t^oiert wtfh was net with him.>ee. B South— Reside at b a p , L. I- ,1 kaaw Captainsad was then sesrrheil to soy presence by Clark and my self; wo found a bag made of a stocking on the toft side; atoo aae on the right side, msasaaJ by a tarred rope; one bag coataised gold sad the ether silver, to all amountingplied no He then go*, oat :" bed, opeaed 'he d :or iaa hag to the hal , and then Knr *-ha* the names were burning oc tbe stairs and along the entry He an<f fca fsaVy escap •ii IDsafety Mr. Nolan arfl faet'Jy, who occupied tht? second story, frcating the •street, made their ea cape out of the windowdeeply toteresUHl m the account.- given by my lnend otthis new safeguard oi u te and property, aad am extremelydesirous to ascertain the moue ot its construction aadoperation,and the cost of bringing it into general use.And 1 am sorry to add that the subject deserves a oeeu soon to toad to the altar the ftoaghter of our wail known liar and melancholy interest at this toomens from theMrs. NellieSprague,ofBoston,mysteriouslydaap peared from her home in that city a few sytim ataee, but was discovered and returned to her friends. About three weeks since she again disappeared, having gene off with Albert B Ball, of August* the parties were traced to Chicago, where they were round living as saaa aad wife. Mrs. Sprsgne was brought back to Boston uo the 23d tost by officer Wright, who had gone m pursuit of her. Hall was toft at Chicago, toe officer haviag no d. reckons to arrest him.Monday,tbe19thtost,thefeastofSt.Joseph,thepa- tron Saint of the Convent of Our Lady of Mercy, situated corner of Tenth aad Morgan streets, in St. lawns, wae made the occasion of conferring the white rail and bnhtt of the order upon Ma* Mary Chsaaaiag. danghter af tas tote Edward thsssasag, Esq , of Baltimore, Md. The tody, attired as s brtoe, sac witu ail tae charms af bar young heart, beauty aadAOaiameato, waa wedded to the Mighty Bridegroom, to the smell chapel of the Convent, whtoh mm filled with lavtted gue«A. principally todies. The ceremony was solesin ta the extremeint h eF i r e .Joha Marshall,street, bemg duly swerhouse to directly .opposite thettSJaWTh- rear part of the swecad tour to eceweteti by Li Thtir damage will be about $600 by water.The Aim few bwii as til aad celtor areoccup*- *by IT. Gcoomaa, dealer to paper. Hto stock wttl be l*angtid shout t&JidO by water, totared for tMJtoO m city earn panit*.The building to owned bv WUBsm Hostto 1- s h a»g«rt about ts,S0f, tad to msussd far 9ti.(mFrom an examination of the premises the are traitors to have commence** to ckae proximity to the furaace con sected w*h a catorto engiae ta the p-etti?'« e? Mr. Baumout.•aaaj-owr, I w H by him Mm wwh ha) head an theJnaU'WWSBJSBSB.and Forty eighth street, was tten examined. He de- posed as follows —I ant agent for the estate sf the late George H. Alien, and n^ .-<. ^h&rgeterrible death.TBI BtrOfS.The house to which the fire originated is one of a rowbin very were all about, there wan a•:<o n, bj? 1canno: t*ii whether h> ca.i a. »ey to :t or not. Q B\ .\ J1 RUK—Ibd you ever spea» to Mr. A..en JDVU; ibe necessity of baw'ng Iaider^ placed under eaeutally No. H4, are oameged more by water than by n>-e. Ibe four housea were trante buiidmgs, cuaatructed m athreet. Horn of No. 07 WallStr*et.Q. Dm you ever *peak to Mr. norn about tae aeceeaityof having laoders placed under each 01 uie sc^.tuew A. I have not: all repairs must be made by order of Mr. florcforeparttiredt) «i•a the wails tad^ttohng of the anon, mtuger there which fated the botes, badaa it, ; wat laid by thoae on board thai, iaof the..- ant wtomag to interfere,I wma the Ira: whobf n allowed to eator the oahtn the cendnon of the which was takea out after I toft the vessel I noticed bood appeared to be a* if it waa mixed with water then of btood on the deck of the stoop; don't kaow were era ia the estttog of the cabin, which teemed to Ji the cargo has been reamed from the held, have been mass who a sharp kBffe; the estttog of the there ware two tetters on board, aae dosed Weshersftold,'a iberthj btoccssaks, aad two onto of rope; the rope I I kaow the mas who neat for it, aad he m y a M Q s M VtswwOTCsasVy n O T a t t l l g t wswawl atktu far it, sad I fjsotd him it was ea hoard theBurr ) i il. a laths itoi I in 1'r' * It T * * '"""MO the say before she aaasd far Virginia, a week ago tost toS3M 80; he had on a moat dark brown overcoat, a ciasbin if that man was gotng wish him. aad he toi yes. new cloth eap sad red shirt; he seemed to hesitate to totof censure.The jury then retired for deliberation, and after an ab-sence or about half an hour brought in the followingTEBDin.We find that tbe deceased persons cvne to their deathmat The j*ry further censure the owner of said build- were sotlccated m the upper stories of uie oudding onA New York totter to the Charleston Oowner say* — Mr. A. D. Beaks, formerly ef the Ana* «a> D amies, at Petersburg, Va. bat now of the Cincinnati Bnqmrtr, aCross emwatoeeWl never saw she sasesdant before: me esatniao him: 1asked him where he had bean be ssklhebadbesafiadtogasm-,1askedhimwherehamat i traama my attsatwn. renmvaed the pranaer s eyes boat was, sad he replied that he had no boat, he soldU the piazza, sadthe family oc the third fteJT front escaoed thecitizen George Law.secant e b* had trader eves.' titer wamsmas was* eattatl for the pi ess BUMan. bat astaey JKIam aaawer m their names Mr. l»witrht inked for5*gairi ia New Yerk; did not ask him where he go: the - way, all egrets by the stairs teiug va.: off.as Hi) i iismsst amml Ihoraday moraiag. at eleven three or tour years; have known Capt. Leete s a l brothervested the accident and toss oi use.• ttork Ihe samaasr wae tbea reawtred to the Tomb*. tiace they were boys, they were owners of the stoopJebnson maiaaaiaod the most extracrdlaary ^laia?ai oiojed on board of her as cook tor three or four years.to-euf bout the eismtoatsm, toohiag e* the witnesses oc they left GeiUard ea Thursday, the Sth inst., at 10 A If ,aadarrivedatNewYorkonFridaythe9th,atabout19 A. M.; we took a Has for them at the dock. I have charge of the schooner Sarah Lewis, of Gutlfjrd. Capt Leete, brother aad the accused were oa board the Spray. his cargo msisated of shout sag bushes of potatoes, worth •> easts par bushel; daw hssbeto of turnips,Mating house, S o S3, was slightly damaged by waier. NAMESOFTBI DSJLD-Mrs. Catheriae Wbeeier, ageu 36 ye^re Catherine Wheetor, aged 14 years. Thomas Wheeler, aged 12 years. Bridget Wheeler, aged t years.Em.'j. an infaai, agei eight oto&iAS ooc* nc re' covered.Mrs. Anne Bonnet, aged 34 years Thomas Bennett, aged 11 years John Bsewett, aged 9 years. Bosaana Bennett, aged 4 years.Catheriae, aa Jtmai, aged 10 montuThe cause of the fine ia at present aain^wiCOBO^ERS I»QlTBST UPON THE BODIESeuicaai.y wtth suae mdlafaaaes. aad, tatoed. a»ic-iateat; t for he remarked to em* of the oflhors who hadBIE r targe that theat Miiws who iJeatineti him werea i—d toetom say thai he wasevwr ea board the sHopB- ssaMtimes navsrsml with hto oounae' {ttaasra worth 90 cento per bushel, 136 bashsto of onions,The .child "Emily Wheeler ia now the only oae missing. Bnr body will probably be found in the course of the day. as the tiremec are m^lr^g ever; eilori to effec t its recovery.ACCTOETNB. INCIDENTS, ETC.t*-*»xi and Sapors), bat the greater part of the time be * a rsadiag the nates of the i i p m t r i .Captax Weed showed our reporter a dafaarreat^pa o! * yeuag tody whtoh was toaad m a esat bstoagtng to OB ver Watts, whtoh esat the prtooaer had to hto pammatonworth to cents per bushel, sad atoe tons of hay, averaging $19 per tea I sailed a s Satcr • eay,sad Captam lasts* brother, who spent the eveamg prsvtoua stv board at my beat, said they should return aesae jsst as sooa as they had disposed of their cargo, Captom Lest* did set osmally have much cargo back; he might have had essaw orders to Hi; haw not seen t'aptajiThose who witnessed the terrible scene describe it asese of unusual grandeur Shortly before the fire ourstforth a brilliant aurora borealn shot up in tbe northernsky, aad its green aad crimson hue presented s strangecontrast with the lurid glare of the burning pile. The lend the enaction of your distinguished names to an effort the Morns county toil, tans Aw. shows no reahxtog sense**>• Watw sad hto brother doubtless shared the fate ofCaptaa Barr. The yeang tody to a resident of Brook able inquiry. next a * the stoop Spray oa Monday last atto increase our security by availing ourselves of f f ^ of the awflilme* of the fate which he a so seen to asset, imp* ovemests. To the ctoun here made upon your tine and though assiduously attended by the Rev. Mr. Van aae attention I am emboldened principally, gentlemen, Oeve, cannot be aroused to make aay preparation for by the memory of the promptness and courtesy with death. He has made a full confession, eekswwleaging which, during our corresjoaduace in termer years, yearh/u sad to sadly afflicted b ydreadful ostoauty whtohtost Capt Wtrnt s aagasiiaatype of Ohver Watot, with aha. U a a Jolty good tosenag thse, and wears a smile of to?There was a goad avjaet nag toaad by theofttoer, to a i waVs traak the rtogs saaal pattratt of a tody aaaer the whtoh rtoas sp. II to an asajash aigaet nag,asft l*£ai Vttsslgjnaaaaametei(MMgggghhtJ*t^afat.awnst^bmFwaTvtt md, la part, wtta jtanr it Ut, las tower emsTHA 8L00* SPRAY MYBTKRYtho Battery; to all •ppmrsawa she had besa tan latosard; lasaatod ia taking sat a masaam from her forward;toby Mr.Stone there was a mam oa it, in i psaatoa where the bead would be, that had thethat the deed was deliberate aae premeditated, and per farmed with s cootoess perfectly fleadah. Be atoe says that he had st times premeditated the murder of two eri-a^ijarp r t w**' *° * ^^rThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streetwrtw<' or ttre- w9-is sg'c hFtrtj -fifth artto, tad scesp edby severalpecrrasubesy. Cea you toll the differeaoe between blood aad ver- i? A. Yas, tor: one a dark red aad the other of arfTbi first 8'rry of the h ~se r.-. ocr_; z 1 by Mi?t:amoney, we then took Mm to the Recorder's ofhee.Baahsa L. Fowler toshaod—I nave known defendant foring for not providing ladders to the (cutties, which, had account of the lacK of all egress except by a nxrrow stair The building destroyed formed one cf a cJJC*. e: :ujr they been so provided, to our orimoi wou>d b»ve pre wayNEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, MARCH 20, JS60.-TRIFLE SHEET.she objection wssaaatsfaedBare been aosjashtoai with Osptota Lome ever SIBiehesmsboru.Counsel —Were you prtmit st hto innsrai A. NO,as. (Laughter) Notaiag has beau seeaof Caps. 'ataee he left tiuitard, two weeks ago; knew Cast.as having been engaged a the oy star buataeas; Iwboard of the Spray lam Monday aitemoon, aadidentify some things. she was I j a g at Ihe Battery,tmily nlled with water, aad had the appearaaoe of haviag stairs. With tuct rap-dNy i-d ^'s ire ascend, "ha*, ba:been rsa into, she was badly stove forward; she to shout a tew minutes elapsed b^orfi the tttmrs ^urst ttrcogh the forty ttre tons burthen^A I removed the beds; I oa* a scraper, left soon after on ;the Bosun tram, aad pantos were suliCapt. Powtor waa aae of these partieswaa sees standing, she w%a tolc; by the persons ic the Tard not to jump, bai '.* WM ef e»j ava'.; the lire pressed »u her, and rather than b-- turnel alrve, e'ee sprscg it .m the window aad struck with fu.l ftrc^ oa tcsgrauit a ihe "V!.!, See was immediatelT picked up her ceaa and fac*iadc»r is kept tc rcaoh the e>. utile, bat utere *re::o c cjii*r ladders .c say ol the other houees it ere b. ante remain, ut-^rmingiea witn various articles o l W r every means to get the Itpsaetci tc send au eni -»sn> eerBy the rnniiiitotonai icaptain's berth;" A. Yas atr there were two stuns whtoh were evideatry ataiaod with vsrantltoa, sad wore found on tae other aide of the oabiu the money boxsot after 1 toft; the vessel was somewaathe msa-msm wens takea eat with a bookbody eaaptoyed ea board of the Sprav escep; theant. on Mostdsy there was three barrels of broad ha., matked -J. Uimree, h etoa, Guilford,' there were atooand of the lightest material, aad were in fact bat a mere g. toil.: vo'j not havt<p<it u.em taere wtthout his or- ubeil. It id surprising thai tbey did not toog ago give vriywOV What wouto .t cost to put Udders to eacc of theil Was this pool of btood m thestoaap". there was atoo a ttorce sf rtoe oa board: I ideati led a dBamsnassppe as that of Csataia Leete a stoter,so eoutd be had lor from fifty to seventy live cents. Aaxious frtentls and relatives, ai;, r vainly see>aag in the y. Did you malt" IT a practice to notify your tenantsmat tbere was .* ladder at the scuute ot No. >c A. crowd collected around the smoutdertn:: rains for thoseNo* always. they held dear, at tost beat their steps to the direction of «J. What real do you rsceive from the property in uues- the station house, ia the yard attached to whtohother port in tbe t miedMUir*. The runson given for this in that h x dmrable that the first impression of the Ja paacte of our country should be received at a atone kas excitable than any of em* large seaports.Tbey will bring two interpreters with them, wuu speak a little English, but speak the Dutch language flueaWy. It will not be difficult te get other persons to act ss mterpr^ ters to them. The probability a that they will reach this country on or about the 1st ot May. •y How do you know be stole it" A He (Johnny) Mid of the Second prectoct me so I always esaatttute myself aa officer whea I see aNo. 3—Body of an tofant. The extremities of this No 4 Btidy of a child, about nine years of age. TheThe dcfiinltmg democratic State Traesirrer of '»*», John G. Brtsiin, is living m. Hamilton, C. W., ta saajrai!. cent ttyie, and to amuse hto leisure hours, N said to em- ploy his time in concocting various swindles Hto last effort 1x1thai une was the orgamzauoa of toe .-a.-users•<• ergs Straas, police•t«ea»»i that heR 1. witboattay warraat.oe the •emiag of the 24th a « . abeat ato s?etoek to the morniag, aad brought him •* >"«w Yerk I searched hat person aad fooad a silver eatat aad t i n , prtocJpally fives aad Mas of the Par- ser* aad ChUuaw* Baak of Loaf Istoad I aha hand twofbat bagi, erapeeto hags,a ham,pipe, he.; oa the way a m a the ears the praoaer said he got the watch from talrotber who path to Eng toad, that it was a good aa« keeper, sad he paid hto brother tSS or S9h for h, he seated iwiag ea flatten Island dartog th*; moathof March,and dented all knowledge of Captain Barr or the sloop E."ci*t. Weed was raoaQed aad said that as thebag eetoaftog to the prisoner ho had tsasd bothand female rtotting aad the clothmg identified here to-day aad atoe a hvga brown paper package.Richard O'Connor deposed—I went ap to theabout a meaner to aae o'clock oa Wednesday, flataad u s e d cum if b* wanted a cert- that was at the corner«.'West aad afarray streets he said he did not then, hatteen aught, aad told me to go ap to tae afternxm to 139(cair* lueet and get hm baggage, and if saybody asked James W. Woodruff, being sworn, says— \ am assistantay »bere 1was gemg, to my, "It was aoae of their bast- sapennmndaat of the New Jersey EtoUroad; I Orst sawatfs • I wast ap at three o'ctoch aad got two trunks and uw aeieadAat Mcaday aheraooa, about half-past four, sttfoii v>red them at the Pall river boat; the baggage was put the depot, he tame in oa the tram from Newark, x cua mys that his wife woke b.T. an J sax^J '.' he :ta*l pat i beard bv two porters lody of Wilson, Jacobus, 9nndfard aad another mac: heCram exasamed—1 put the thsapa oa beard the boat; the was taken directly from the oars to the baggage room,the pi Iwiemi at PiovMaambreacaof the pease; IssB'tsaU the Base the Spray tef mostly b:rne<1 awsy Ttfxhibited but a charred trunk, bstttord within two sr three days; from the appearancebranches and agents in ail paru of the ciuntry, inm Maine te the Rio Grande.Rev Gardner Spring, the venerable pastor of tb». B-:-k Church, in New York, a to Augusta, >>a.Gov Magnfr.L. of Kentucky a a farmer He returned last Monday from his farm in Mercer, to toe seat of go vernment in Frankfort.Gen Wm. Walker passed through Cincinnati on Siiur day, on his way to the Rio Grande.The Hon. Joseph Holt, Postmaster General, toft Wash- ington on the 22d mat. for Florida, called away by the ag - gravated illness of Mrs. Holt, who has been spending the winter in that stateThe Hon. Wm H. Griffin, Depnty Postmaster Genera.' of Canada, is in Washington, oc business with the United States Post Office Department.The sixteenth child of Governor Hicks, of iurytnad, was born at Annapolis on Thursday tost.The third attempt to try Jacob S Harden, indicted for the murder of hto wife by poieoc. will b» aaade s* theat she sleep she had erideatry some ia contact with sf veasei. I ttntt saw the mattrom m she berthi Sams water to the cabia, hat we took things oat with boosty. Are you williag to my the stsms you saw on the berth were btood" A . I would be willing to swear they are stood: toss sat psavhto that the spots sre anything ease but btood.V What toads yoa to believe those spots sre bktoi? A. Well, from what I have seen heretofore: 1 never saw anything of torn toad before: 1 did sot observe any other stsms Duospttog the two oa the mattress-, I hare evinced a treat deal of interest in thai casebeyond recognition. Ia searrhiag about with hto lantern he found the body of a chi!d, atoo terrlWy borned; aadn the same room be found the body of an .sfantThese bodies were remove 1 carefuny by the firanan, under to- direction o* Eng:neer R^sfc, to the Twenty- he<MiJd ward station hcuse Tie firemen ccctiaaec! the scaicn for bodies, and the next °-:nl wae the body of a grown person, hanging zeid downwards. )t2a»d aga.ust the sta.rs on the fk*jr of the teco-t story, restng partty on an iron bedstead. Cose c this vicinity a woman aci w o cbiidreE were found together ai» the r s a a - s cf %bed.saull of ihia body was broken m a manner similar to that already described m the case of No 2 The front walls of the thorax and abdomen were burned away. 9ome rather long light brown hair remained on the lower and back part of tbe head.Wheeler are the only grown pertons missingA LONDON FIRE ESCAPE COMING. IMTKEBiTlNG COBItliSrONDEXCS.TO ran aorros OF THS UKULD.The dreadful tragedy in thp FJm street tenement bouse, followed ad it '3 so quickly by the iaat-:ntabic loes oi life in a similar establishment in Forty ilftn street. last night, has produceil such a general interest in the subject of pro viding means cf escape from borning buildings, that I make n> apology tor hanrtmg you the following cor respondecce. JANfSS LO.UIIEF. GBAHAM.WEDStBDav MOR-MNI. March 28Nsw YORK, Feb 4, isoO.Messrs lUui-v:- Baonnotti A Co., Lomion, Loglana.— bsanLEHXN—It has been made known 10 me b a friend who tormeriy spent some time ia England, tnat there has been m use in ! ocdon for a number oi yeaig a new Kindy. What waa the asttiisa oiled with* A Feathers. the stato oa the aader side covered s larger space than that ea the top. 1 don't kaow of say body etoe beutg ex. beard the stoop but the Chmemau.sapposed tr be e motner and her rrt'dr-snThe reuiacNo. 6 —Body of a chfld, about twelve years of age, pro bably a boy he had the remains of a red flannel shirt on the toft armNc. 7 Body of s. female child, about 3evenyears of age the aboomen and lett arm were mosty burned off tae hair remained pretty wej! preserved it was of a light co lor. ner night dress*wattolerably perfect-No. 8 —The body of schild, about three years of age, Vcrned to crispNo. 9— Female body, rather gma!l build, full grown; bad good teeth coper ones large one of the upper in- cisors was brok-n off.In my opinion death m this case was produced byptr-•J^inion, the lire origiasttrd en or nier :ho trgt !Lgtt ofave uet nine moaes m wtoth. tot. UAI. k>Uie same width all tbe way up. taere a ate door U each apartment from me land-og there * a sitt.a » room and i»o beurooms to each »tt 01 apartments, there is a soutt.. hote aav moveroof, caustog a total damage of about S3,000. sal-fi ; b« Spray, of GuUfbrd, Comteettoat; defendant had been em insarad. The buiidings beioug u. Dr. Allen. The adJas. H Grovesuen, f'bil'pKeeae. Thomas Eagan. Sidney F. smiui, T.A.Phillips.John W.isou,Jas. Dickson,Frederics Meyert,Waa. Cartwright, JohnW.Cornyn.Jurors.Bagatorme; she could betbe 27th tost, about six o'clock, to attsau to my business: besides my tamliy there was a causm of mine in my apart meats, fhe wm there on a visit. I heard ita alarm of fire about half past one o'clock this morning and learned soon afterwards that the house I lived in was oa fire I imme omwty ran there sad feuBd the pmao in a btosa: I atsible to get out of the house by tbe stairway, and ran to the rear winao* The crowd shouted to her sot to jimr, but she paid no heed to their wishes, aad s?raag out, coming heavily oa the ground, breaking her thigh sad fracturing the temple bone. Her cousin, a youag manlvtng sear, ran to her tastotoaoa, sad bad her conveyedwssjtoBtltf asBwAth;b*Baki thetoto^a|,Csptoia agoodamad be got «ha toyai lather m tow.bowsprit; thethe forecastle at othertar days bask, for •«—They mold prove hyto eampasy VXIOHL Lsete,Ftay with them a* tea Norwalh ]had ttokd ehrot two honra prevW Mr. atone esgtged to have Cant. day a n t , and tbe further exaattat thai theyprestnt on Ir>the Sre appeared to he arcand the stairway, a i so hot ! had hto sh htottfi, sail amirs arer»!h that at g to aptot s m f>atoy m t*m e>eJaek.coon roam wss ero »led dfirtav the wfeaie dayspreadspot, a i d sartog thetotihe:I:(IIH:«ICALAMI ry.W6r. *Another Tenement Hone Des- troyed by Rre.thewah questions in regard to the fire.were running about seeking in theone they met far the lutsret ofand whea, at tines, they succeeded to finding ntosthmv1 band, was, sen. or daughter, their joy was iadesarsbabto. Prteada taagtafmtotnl friends on shorr bnaap saatas, and1ptaa m BXSKMA* STKUT—LOSS Asorr tSOJMO.HbertlT after eight o clock tost •tj.lil • fits \on the fifth floor of the buildteg S3 Beekmaa street, Bt theaadhabrothertwentye*gbtyearssat:theywen both MehincihoswFactsforConsideraDon were opening the wtedows: some ef them bail afranticstatoofmiadsheruane«laboutheplarp,an.'wb»>Bsinge,andaaadeCleBssirttharbasat;theywareaetrretav* i V a f ekataA^** easaksw ^ ^ ^ a a aasaarna awatoUaaarawa*t • saw•• • • • • • sasasaaa 0. ' Pea! VfJaaOC* essaVQ af^B^^ ffaw^aj BswlDUy wCaaaPCi^eUas? awaCCQ Bo yea kaow the attendant here' A. Yes, sir, very well.y. How leaf bar ywasaaorahhaf A. About four; en** be has been to toe aaptoynf Capt Leete four years, wm the txecptica of f a n e monthsQ Did he stoal tome money from the csptato? A Y « ,Q rhd'yen toko from him al! the money he had? A 1 aaaaasesa; ! dea t thiak be baa sad « o withhaaataay wtthte the fottr years he was employed on hoird ofDo yoa kaow about what than Capt. Leete toft 6a.:Aheat two wtafcs ago last Satoraay, he car SOWest Forty-fifih street, between Broadway aad SlxUt by Mr Redman the sscond floor, iron; rooa, wasmr yeaj s t t l aL B T o r JJP A>E«B S3*SAJ!?T otmme. Prince of B?ozen. Mc^trsgalu.r^aeeafAwalai.nsd a cargo of potatoes, oaloas sad hay.Q. Do yec kaow what usee he left New York bra, aadfor what place A. I can only tell wba; parties have toi iaad every nertwawas made weave Uie ^ves of the oc cupaato, Several were takea from the seooad aad thrd storiesfreauagthestreet,butther«arwodowscotldno; be reached so quickly—aes-e* the torrihto kss c.' ta^mao Ufa.back room on the same II-«J: by I:in )'.n.. Solas and ftmily, the third floor, iros'. rcoai, was c^cutsed by WilUam Irvji and lamtiy. and the back room by Hi. Wbeeierandfamily,toefourthiioor,uajkroom,was >.-c-jpied by Thomas Baaaett and iant.i>, these houses wer- built n 1843; tbey were commenced 07 Fraa.is Mc Oenough, and were comptotud by Mr. AJen; 1too* ccarge of them as agent iron, the time they sere ctnipleted; they are a., bn.it Ui e_icuy tae saste e yle. with the ext^ptton of iw. 90. \a--t has a etore on the first umr there - a. hall way oafar the stojaadsal objasted, bad already aoae mo far.atatmg that to*Artinstant a brief sketch ef the e»ha%sy to this eountry from WlJtom Nash, re*.ling a: the corner of Ftflh avenae turn, that ef the wife for her htabaad's escape from a Japan. We now give a more detailed account and a list oatAlbany.M A % « M M «Sot TetWaMAt Itiiaes Full 01 Voter? or ffctins?alreadygotout:therewasashedoverBedmeL'swin.;.<» atlengththewasassuredthatthepartnerofherbowre en which the people were getting in onto' to escape ITHP. wss sa'e. her joy knew as bounds. Their sseettar was aie J a p a nWe puhtisbed is our Wmhiagtoa det^tteh «f toe HitIt teems the Fire Marsha., amta? outers, was qa<cslyat the scene, he stoles that a^ «xess :- the apper partsf toe hcHiee was preveaiei ja conseqiieace cf the stairsfrom toe first lltgut >e.aj; oc are. In h.- Lie tiJe ef each house from av. ieet srs inches toao<e o.ver t3 each aoi'Mto the rout, Uiere are no saurs y. Did you amtot ia resaoviag aaythiag from the cabm* roof. At the fourth stcry wjidaw a the rear a woman '•• uvse scittie holts; 11 MJ 56. me uentre house, aIn about an hour alter the Mmaienajaiaut of the Srethe flreasen partly subdued the flbuaoa, so as to permitac ;ees to the rdas cf the brrct Ocilitog. Pre Marsha)Baker eatered the room cr the Irst fkicr ac3 (fscoveredthe ttrst body. !*. wm that of a young person, bet thetop part of the srall was turned off and the arms and legs body and tbe tr:nk w»rs entirely burnol to a crap.the T.Z ult., bas surrendered himeeif to the Virgou* a . thoritteamg bodiee were taken -jet, nunicering «oyed tc the station bouseteazall,t t fcooburns.Bedman ind family, he kej« i groztry i c i Uqacr stcr-: At this stage of tbe pro seed mgs Coroner Gamble roseci ladder, which can be readily erectoa agamst a burn Warren (N- J.) Oyer aad Terminer, en the 17th of April utg building, to almost any Height, so as to •urntati the John A. Washington is preparing to remove from Moo.1Vernon to ha new estate, about uurty miles distant.and slept :n the rooic iac- o* Uie r. 'e M- BtiJcu coal m the stove, i s she heard & . rs.:*'lag lolse TTe re-and stated he would submit the case to the jury on theevidence already adduced, without going into any accu-mulative testimony. If the jury thought there was negli-gence oa the part of the owner or agent of the premises,•M not having the necessary means of escape to the roof in company (the Metropolitan, of this city), 1 have been care of fire they would be justified in bringing in a verdictbousee. The fire extended along :ae whole oagtt theBelieving that toe invention referred to may be the means oi preventing much sunermg to this city, I am do Birous that it shall be introduced to tbe public attention here to such a manner as to secure tor it a favorable 000 stderatton and speedy introduction among ue. With this view1have10askthatyouwill,throughsomepersonin whose Judgment you place conhueace, ascertain all tbe tacts necessary to an understanding of the matter, aad communicate the result to a letter Bntended for pubUca- Uon here, it would add much to the value ol your in vdaugetKffis il a model of tbe invention could be pro jural, the expense 01 which (ss all other exponas* coaaecteu with ute inquiry), I abah be most happy to pay to your orderconsternation of the poor inmate* can hardly be imacmed The faces of women sad children were teen at the win dowt, aad their franttc looks too truly told the terrible fear whtoh filled their minds, Those who were in the lower stories, after making & tost desperate effort to getThe inquest upon the bodies of th>' r.ttims xas aell at.which Jackalow wore at the Usee of his the Tweaty Second* precinct statin house, »y orotttr out by the stairs, retreate<! half smothered with the smokehouse hat executed for me commtostoas far torn importantthan that to which 1now venture to oali your attention,and m the hope that this may not appear of mo alight tm three other persons, betof mated thereto fcf* ^ portance 10 merit your notice, 1 am, gentlemen, withprofoundrespect,yourobedjen:servant...; the monkey jsshat besad the sack overcoat bo- Uambie,icthepreseaoeofthenumeroustrendsandreialo the toft ground beneath, escaping with but a few I supposed to be vermUUon nesaes aad empaanehhg the jory havxg oeea performed scratches and bruises One athletic mac. whose name wepnasre* himself of the money which they earned. inthe9am^0mnf_Wmm^»m lt»,"wa,I sottoad a shirt with stains trrrsof the deceased. Th work cf suipuiAzmg the witJAMES 1.''RIMER GRAHAMNsw Yoaa, Feb. 4,1800. Messrs. BABIXG BaoTHmu«h Co., London;—W. Bred, the Sprtogfield--— — ^ - ^ ^ ,,„ ourty been oonvictod ef adaJtery, wss o r w a * ^the freight fooad attheasarcu.) Capt. Lasts sad brothersea of good habit*.to the oyster smttosas for thetheChmaman was getting to per month,ofhtohavingovertoatsayas*timeI have Sam sa account bookby Capt Webb) that i raasgtusacould not learn, an inmstr of No. 90, tovtk up a positioc on me need with the examination of one cf the ?riac^* the balcony ot s private house adjoining, sad was thuslenci. AS he took h t o j t o e e * * Z * * 2 * £ ? ZUby Deputy Coroner Beach, the .nvestigatioa was comu d then passing to tbe porch over the hallway, reached the piazza of the adjoining bouse.Jane MeAnally, Mas. Bennetts Aster, the girl who jumped from a fourth story window, had be3c ou a —Ait to the family of Mr. Bennett, and was pressed to reuaato.resumed—the stoop was forty two business ia to hacfa up the teams, I lea bsme tost night, sll night. When the tre broke out, she found tt impos-was efe*vea years of age; John. «ev«c years of age, wae _ farther thau wilaeas said—tt 1 had seen the ' the second eldest child-, Boeanna. aged foir years, without the knowledge of * murder haviag beeu was the third eldest, sad Catharine art infant, about 1 should have thought the stain was cajisei eight months old. was th<' voungeet; I am employed bybetter to send one of the mat pes ready for ase, instead er emmnstances that caused tome talk to the aatolhhorhood. a model. 12 each thall be your ©wa view, I abed «*•*• He asked, as a matter of favor to the prisoner s wife,ayhmod; 1 mm swear pessttvwlyas to the idaaatyoftae tae rkxth A venae Bsilroad Compact I do night work: mytt a favor if yon will order one sent to my order a* «*- ear'tott moment, and will thereupon draw a a i " J J J J "ttmt tbe sentf ace might be te the Bunas af ' rather than to the State prison No 1• behalf of the prosecution, aad Judgehim tt the Hoeae of Ctorreetton for the term ef two and awhich be wss convicted.The r«wne.L*s*rnl«!,Of Turutbaldi a u. on the lalaad of ~The young Grand Dnko of •jjjutkat g—ttK^vgWawMsTs^sswTIgneMSSgaChief oi POJSM, testified—1 was hi the after the defeadaat canse to, he had to did not havej^ta* Loaurs. GBABA.. Ee*, torjelAturanceieaspeay,^^^^of tatLeete and brother Captain Leete was akeaofffrom the was kaesfcsd off of the he (the accused) waa ia sail*, he was on the dec <,pieaswr*escape to be made with all deaboat aad was picked abssey-'i to goto of de- silver from throe centtempted to enter, bat the fire was to hat ia hall way that 1 could not do s o ; I ran arouad to try to dtocever whore my family awasmwdtheyhadgeisatof the bouse: Iheard Qusherooaatratoc them until 1morning; 1the thenBo mencruseeiover tothestablesofthe aad ftxtb avenue Stage Company,SSSBBWIalfamily, and toft tor Dresden, where he will remwm it -Jbitl could not eator, I then west mm the heassi • i t ceor and passed eut totothe yard; Jam that I no- l need Jane McaaaUy ly a g o n the ground to tat yard atour hwae; theivaee wag broken down, sad June was ramedaway; she was vary much braised she told me that she hal tompsd out of aae of the top atSTT windows, sad that she toft Mr Bennett t family all ta the front part of fhe hoase; ska said she had not w«n acvthtogofmy fastfff; I saastod to earn tag bar tosouse the people around told' sas that my family was raft I knew nothing further niBsiiriHiig them until this BJMstog, whoa I found them all dead m my apartment, they v re sll together, wheal arst a w the fas the firm flight of stairs was burningjAaas B'crs'a muaasmJames llcCae, residiaf at No. $7 West Forty-sixthsnaet, being duly swera, deposed as iVtUowa —Aoout haK- oast ene o'ctoak thto meraag I was to the stable enemas* No 90 West Forty fifth street; I had just that the I doors, aad was tnaimmg my tomp, whea 1hearda wamtswswASPUHJOmeny wars tbe expressiatm of synmathy on all m«m for HU1AI BEHGS C0ISU1ED scr-sming, the screams hstog repeated I opeaed the 1 the hapless sasbaads who had tost then* wtrnt and eail-tow the fourth floor. The reef Mr BanmoBt's torn wut he sored for PS,<MO, Ytteth y h a a iby fire sad water nul beties ef turajture. beddtog. coosttog atoatsto, h e •'!:•• arwps sad areas of the neighboring bouses, sad eve* tn» H6L0CA11ST TOGRASPUfi UtNDLORBS. eat Herr Swiss sad his family, there a a store m So: ridewalhs, wars sttui wad with these, aiiftsiiw'hslil pods oftl2,000, tosared ss follows -istor , ..91,590 St Nicholas 1.600 Natioaak........Impire City 1,500Breroort MfJt-Catumbto.TotalF r a n U cte Watt Forty fifth street, kept by Martto Redman; he and hto family ore to the back room, he waa ia hm shirt 8keveswhcElsswhimafterthettrebrokeo.itWeto Forty-fifththe poor rreatnres. During ystssrday whany teto the amassatof ram sad extrteatodeJesBent had left of their nttle worldlyAX AFTTECTIXG 1KCIDINT. Amcug the occupeats of ase sf the 111 fatedthe bosae; whea I first saw the tire there vat no smote- sauag from the frost doss.meet affecting scene, and their joy at sects? each other oace more aftor a *misselhsi sf two mitnthu was t vo-fold to its nature—that of the husband for his wife s safe resCxpeeUtfom.rax sorsE AGBSI'S nanao.N \.ef the premises Xc. 91 West Forty fifth street, of four frame houses situated to Forty fifth street, be as well at Nos 14. 86 and te in the same row, they areTO TBI. > ..rjfTtTPBstw««£ one aad two c';.ojt vestorday msnuag s frame houses, built aiiketaad occupy "Sffeui front by -to tween Sixth avenue and Broadway. Thta tocabry atre broke eut ia a fsur story frame dwelltog at No leet deep, they sre four stories high ta. house Xa 90 known ss •Murray Hill," aad to, perhaps, oae of th- Ogoori iuiaitaee,Quel Ctos.i.contained six tenements, excluaiTe of tut a.jre ociupied avenue. Th.» alarm rroagt: the hremeu to toe premises, occupied by John Emvrey and family, aad themast elevated portions of the city. The boiidmgi were that peculiarly exposed to the strong south west wind which prevailed st the that. In addition, the portion of tbe Stock towards the west a almost de void of bouses, consisting of s range of open toto stretch tog to BloomiDgdale road, tod acres?" which the breeze had full ptoy upon the burning buiidings, aad the woader • that under such gtosaVaniageous Circumstances the fire was prevented from spreading further than it did. All praise is due the firemen for their heroic efferti to this respect.fhe course which the fire took wss most singular. starting at the first noor of So. 90, it passed to the second ilooi ot No. £8, thence to tb« third floor of No S6 a id thence to the fourth floor aad roof of No 84, in a direction making an angle oi atom forty fir u>gre"g from uii poiat c.i starting.The bouse No SO is a perfect mass or <WnL-: Tb^ up- per Uoors have si! given way »nd only a pile of chasaady »*"J""- »s»e Vice Ocv»rnor of the TriaiiaTjr.J»« iicali cellar c& !«r escc he i»e '.cere :' no entranceMOIU tbe ball way to this cellar aader the stairway 01u^i'.i-st Q»«r there :a * ssaalt closet Redaiu n.n r jtjaesh oa _f it. 1 don t knov. wha: tte useu it Tor; I aav* not•~.<U)< cauuich the owner* were unable or had a . time to rmo- e—rich as bessteads, cots. stoves, he. ThAChimney tbe only piece of brick work in the Building still rearsits nak' i orm abov- the surroundiEg rum, ready toas. erujiaJ that ber '.aft Uu^a *as L-.-jaeu ^fca j^.'meatbe Fire MsrHoai tha; ^>- uance - ts Jane kitaaaliy.twenty eight years of ag«, tbti gh" -was JC a visit "a thefUav.ty ot Thomas Bennett a-i "jrther tuaiecl that Mrs.Bennett and her faur :h:»'i^n W3-" cr -^ia: BIOT ftt thetuue she seraug Jut or the *icdow. Tie pji.» cro'ared oontuitirg him. but 1osaiu not have had ladders placed weU -.t.-a=-jiiec by the weatne . aae dry as tinder, thus<: ;be scuttiet. A 1 did, out he I'd t")t g-ri u;e any ortfeis hi put them ta-:r«,ders' A. S'o. 1could make aay u".iliag repairs w.taout under tbe weight ot' to many o .v/r.iants. Tbe wood wasoccurrencelastnightofalireinatenementnouse,otnaefy 90WestFoity ufiL street, ou the morning ot the 28th packed with human beings, by which several personsbyburnsreceivedattheconiiagrattonofthebouseNoto the windows, sad summoning uprtheir courage leapedenabled to assist many in getting oct of the third storyGaTTLaaaa—muce easpatcassg my tetter of to-day my %?^JZ%^££Z^°»x* that be bad attention has been called to several articles to our deity S L « ^ u ^ a ^ b e r w e l T a a T ^ the wants ef her papers having reference to the same subject, aad inviag ^f7^eBe>al%utt«.hsicouusel. thea addressed thesufferers by the calamity, as foJows —TBoausasnarr'ssvines--KThomas Bennett being duly s^ora, det«oees and says - sprang towards him or by breaking their fall as they the recent calamity £ S E J ^ enme proved, he was not the asduoer ofI reaiaed at No. 90 West Forty firth street; I occupied the caan- aown I am therefore the more ea.nestiy desirous to setz* the iWKendslL He produced, as tending to show thto, the fourth ooor aad back room of the house; my family coo The family of Mr Irvm residing Immediately over the present moment for the purpose of introducing the Fire J 2 l d ofthe btrti of her child, to thto ctty, ta April.tothestreet.Ninth streetsad endeavored to obtain the ate of a wagon tohavehertakentothehospi*1. Thenightwatchmanon dwy there must iahumaary refused to permit the vehicle to leave the stable*, sad the poor girl was compelled to wait, suffering the gHtotiwt torture, uaUl a carriage was anally procured, sad the was conveyed to the New York Hospital. It a slated that the night watchmen—w"-the girl't cousin, tad for that reason iwfsssd she ass of tbe was a aae Mtttoboy efMr booms Bsaattt. age*About tfiae o stock tot amatottt hstoehhltper ta him attothenoeseidhis****"££££"she seeseref theUntitled Documenter sHimiid taasey. ^ J j g r - r the m-vettigatic* The.^^^aShtl sMT Www) p s O m B * ^wawW grocery st No» to, mat •* 75Ttore*t i» a state ef real fosad him waadertog_f/***r A X * to jeBertou Market*""***igp wJ»*W a^ws) w^eWt^tBP ^^m1 *£l° i tore '.traMatd^a«rawrt»««»biiN rule far eer Majesty tte y-i__lpjoFult13069on NewYowww.fultonhistory.comrkrwas t xcited tott her husband a s s Among the aumberia aTbe srrrvai ef tbe Japanese commissioners will be hail- ed wt'h mneh pleasure by the government aad people of t»v •'nmiuea in aii. Tb-y were built several years since the l'u-irc Htaur in accordance with your suggestion,utancer to conuus two ramiiiea oc eacb Umr, or thirtyHe suggests that the embassy should be convey 0 i from scatUeei A. 1thiak tnat Ulders like the one used at So. the rains, was 0' the most heart reniing description. A°pmwaii directly to Washington, without touchtag at aayNo. 5— fjjity of a child, about seven years of ag>. back bine, pelvis and same viscera oniy remained.Themeano of escape to tncsv in the upper stories . aad aido to enable the uremen to carry their pipes to any potat with ease and safety. Being at the head 01 a tire insuranceAndrew Jackson, Jr., white to New Orleans, last week, had a valuable gold watch stolen from his room in the Brooks House.The frequency of fires, often accompanied by terrible toss of life, aad the vast amount of property annually de- stroy ed in this city, reader every new safeguard a subject of peculiar interest here, aad I earnestly hope that you will «o far sympathise with this feeling as to be willing toAsker the murderer of Gordon, to New Jersey, who will be executed on Thursday next. within the wails afwindows,eitherbycatrb'ngtheminhisarmsasthey voicetotheintenseinterestexcitedinthepublicmineby SSiT orstea^^S*^oraeateacethat,although. thfA'Lsme't; taw tt to Chat Wsbb's passsshoa on Sa-tasstoy tost. . satedofmyself,mywife,mytwoboysandtwogirls;grocery,we'reallmostprovidentiallysaved.TheymadeEscapebeforetheexistingpainiuilmpreanonshallhave^MudproofJjhtttotheJulypreviousMamKeadailmy wife s name was Anne: my eldest ooy, Thomas, who their escape by getting out upon a shed over the store, taded from tbe minds cf our citizens. Perhaps it may be was or a visit to a Unitarian muutter, a widower, ntiterexpense, aad chargssl - j f i S S & r S e E ? 'jjamoi.fflab.sl.ltoWl g ~ £ * ? * " " ^ ^ f(MT twock ow SIB—W* beg to • f **l5L ,the lire esc.pes in **— * £ 7-li^ofwniehhave oar attention, aui u oaeher*,thecoatee"^^ t forward theobjectyouot Mwwttl grre ns mnehhave m vtew.J^^TDTmeWwot-twoor threeweeksn will bv JSSy'to forward to vou^tottssBtoad for » number ol yearn, sad have been the • S i of saving saaav livesm l ' m t ^ yen wttl toad to their being geaeraBy totro- daesd mto your country We resBBtt, tw, your obedientBABINO BRJTHIffiS * CO. n i l K WBST POBTT-FIFTH 9TKEST.eleven sad twelve o clock Tuesday aight s fire arose eut to the earpeater shop occupied aai owned hynhTI BwhskwMfti*tof."£, Carre* Becker, rear of tot No. 298 Went Forty fifth street The flames spread rapidly to the frame buudiag adjoining laroiptod hy Hrsry tad earret Wsamaksr, ea toto Has. tT* and MO West Fhrly foarth street, sash sad blind makort; from this shop ate ft*met reached a two story frame«-. THt.•toeVice <»ov*rBoT for fV-t .po ^*fur«One Secretary of the first rani;. fgerabav AW«.J ) Two Inspec ors of tbe Hist rana.Two - « j i tar. e of tht? «• cctui raah.Two Tr*a* irj cfllocra TwoIn^pecorsofth'>srcendr*nk.Two Inter prefersTwo doctors.Fifty three j* i vartta.Mr Bartli', eur Consu! Oeuera!, in a letrti ', < c der T£ttna!i. lays —Thi' istb^ first diptosnalic agnat trtr sent o-nJapan sad it is mtenoed by th s rowrnnsent as amark o rtEiect lor that of the I oited States. W<the tir «t nation to make a treaty ot aaitv with the Japa- nese. Tbw we have followed ap by ssattog the d m eom- cf rciai treaty wbh them, and to Bare toe edku to receive the first emsnesy from this sir- ;uiar people canno. bet re dooac t< our national bim>rTot Fnglnb gnvemmrnt, through I^ori F'gm, triedP t n o a s l Itetcllisremce.John B. Browniuw, of Kuoxville, ftun , charge.' w.ta killmg James W. Reese, st Emory and Henry Co:lere. eai-r" tt i expected mat after a short stay at Venice heto to to modify hto,iifiiakti having arisen in conatqueno« of 2r«^L»trosaje to the tubecrtptton ia beaad the fois-r C B.rSa., E!C'^l, •« * *teresttog -BccauietLan PaLjca, fareh L tosB.tt<» re»tot of yoortatterof res ui aOituUai jou. to reo'y. thatue- that :t waj a blood assin the spot was the ase of the top of a bat»W_»•• W.J--.A --daelhag owatd hy Mrs. Mtrgsn on tot No. 2»2 Westsaai vsntMoaOsMort. to jotaesukecnjttoa for a pnvate kadivt 1nave the honor to be. Br. vour ooedtooi. fiir. jleB PlliPPS. 