 nut«*».2* I WG.fa*ft fugNI> tbs pan. R lastlurt *«. aca. MMttagi toin- andIX 1.TSO-i.— laII o*»m%rOr _I. r .: ' Htr. m m i-> -» »sad the patriots which is sow imminent, stay prove un-a.HERALD.PRICE TWO CENTS.WHOLE NO. 8732..at Paris to settle the o*- with tt* Aagto Franco.unss. by the Royal Troops.•tjsWPHsB e/ Attsmi^Pragwem of rMsatag inMm For* JOrcfcraf Fkrmama, etc.made by Kinglake hi the British House , - a t at the meeting of Villafranca Louiseflered to restore Lombardy to the Auetriane rf the tatter would assist in, or connive at, his wresting the " provinces from Prussia, and that the Keiser gen- refused to countenance such a transaction, nas received hero with unbounded astonishment, and iscertainly one of the most monstrous canards that has been set afloat since the immortal Tartar hoax. Itseems in- credible that a member of the English Parliament should swallow so gross an Invention, which would be scouted by the merest tyro in politics. To imagine that, under any circumstances whatever, Austria would rather sacrifice one of ker own provinces than consent to an ar- rangement curtailing the power of l*rutiia is * stretchA despatch from Naples samouiom that Melazzo bad Stacked by (^ribaldi, aad that, tt order a avoidcivil war, the King of Naples had orderedthe total (awae/aacivafa^nawifa^ssa. T*GaribaWiqastted Palermo on the 18th to join Col. Me dtei, at ha camp near Melaxsc, and it is presumed heonthaiplaee. According to however, Garibaldi badon the, Neapolitan coast.A war tax of two per cent had been imposed on the property of the convents and the emrgy ta Italy.Letten from Naples from 21st ult. announce that Gari baldi bad left Palermo with 8 000 or 10,000 volunteer* It is expected that Garibaldi would soon effect a landing on the continentESLm*cveottaTIn the House of Common* on the•ton stated tt* intentions of the government relative the defences of the country. He . recommendations a the recent Commissioners— report has been publisheC—should be substantially car riedout. The defence of the various dockyard* is the principal proposition, sad tt* estimated outlay I* £»,000,000 sterling, which is intended to be raised bymeans of terminable annuities, expiring ta thirty years. The requirement for Urn present year is £2,000000. which it a proposed to raise at once with a view to the immediate prosecution of the works, and to raise from year to year such additional Sums as may be required.taitajof the duties is commercial treaty, will sa consideration of the questionIDMITHT nmvmmiplcte Ey«eiMttoB*f 81ltaatatedtbatatrtalofMr canmmMtotakeplacetodey.tataavictaityofUver-of Lord National Defence ofI N S U R R E C T I O N•rted Peace BctWM» **•Maronites and DrilM,The chiefr, a tt* revolutionary movement at Naples had caused an manlnatlon or the whole city. Growdsof of Imagination which no one at all acquainted with the people shouted " Garibaldi for ever," in defiance of theTHE IRISH BRIGADEThe London Pmt'i correspondent at Bass*, writing oafr* a relacing both hte ktad aad sea forom to a peaceThe London JtVntwy Post says it has reason to believe conquer without you, bat I should be proud to conquer• f together ta Cbtoa; whoa the treaty of commerce is •awing cloier the boads between the two countries, aa aexpticable panic m nreading from one end of GroatVanxhall on aa inclined pane shad* of a tight rope.The Daily Newt city article says:—Notwithstanding thefinancial explanation* the funds have not rallied. Attesttion wss directed to the firmness adopted by the Premierin alio ling to the policy and possible designs of FranceThe fresh fall which has taken; place on the Para Bourse held an inquest upon the body. to day a attributed toj Lord Pflmeretoa'* remarks. Thecore of and at-dated the 16th of July, has in some measure checked the growing agitation on the Bourse; but it is evident that it will have no efl'ect ta checking an immediate interposi- tion on the part of Franco, with or without the participa- tion of the other European Powers. It a one of those cases in which public sentiment would amply justify ta dividual interference if there were any indisposition on the part of England.Dies of the firstfloorby means of ladders, and proceededfrom thence to the second story, making a clean sweep ofeverything valuable. For a considerable time they car-ried on their depredations with impunity, but at lengthsuspicion fell on a journeymantailorby the name of New-pert, who was traced to the cellar of a building just erect-ing in the Thiergarten, where a complete magazine ofhousebreakers' tools was found, together with pistols, am-munition and all the requisites ofa regular gang of bandit- General La Mass is charged by me to visit all parts of The London Chronicle remarks that "uneasiness" is the beautiful shores from West Point to Manhattanvffie.T"1XTT7<"W,i YORI ROYAL CONFERENCE A1 TOPLITZ. chieftain Is perfect]T hemmed in with difficulties, mato- rialand moral, and while hebas troops of friends who would willingly fly to his aid, the political state of Europe is so desperately esitsaglod that no one can stir hand or foot for fear of making matters worse. It is certain thatTr e a tmen t of the Irish teen In Bone.V o Inn -S L S J l i r S f S f i * * * * * * * go* np for the papers, of dis-creditingtheFrenchEmporer,of alarming thePrussian struggleforhislast stronghold in that island. Thear- fence*.BETH OF A PILLSCESS OF PSUSS1A. Additional Failurestkerof ssaowrpropr*--irrespective or politics—has got posses- We are not informed whether the withdrawal of the equal to our own, both wholly unnecessary for defence. principles throughout Europe. Austria, though wielded by the changeable government of an excitablesionoftheroyaltroops,andthinkthebattlebetwixtthem ««*»•»ttU*rfPWlMoaJcollapse,hasstillmanydevoted Bourbonarmytakesplaceunderacapitulation,asour people,wehavetotooktoourselves)adherents; all the absolutism, all the porta pitU, all theHer Royal Highness the Princess Frederick Wilbam ha* vary tsmidaba The internal state of Sicily, •emttjmmmuly attached » her taUu^idsaea ple w "f*"1,41 P 0 1 * a n*B*sstt* take many days. If of a deliberate purpose amongst that party to foment just been safely delivered of a daughter. Ber RoyalviihaH winnings, he will leare them to takeitaasetvea, call around him bio trusty followerstack tso mam land, bo tt the territory; of Prance, ofVanks or Pius IX., of Borne. Cavour is powerful infcriiaia. Be does and will hinder the hulitical movesof garibaldi, and the tatter will give up She struggle andtrr kis lock elsewhere. Cavour wishes annexation.Siribaidi is loo cunning for this. He sajs wait until all Nothing new would appear to have occurred since theThe Turin papers publish the fdllo singletter from Ga-Messina and Syracuse have been evacuateJ by the royal troops, who are betag tra|aported to Naples in steamers.that by am-ret kttoabto order to atVllta-friend over to the palK», in whose pocket, instead ofladame Saqui's drawers, the jewels wore found.t v a t on Wedneaday to the beautIbeautiful chapel a tt* Ruehave given the same opinion. The Prussian Minister of Foreign Affaire is gone to recelvefthe orders of the Prince Regent on the subject A convention Is to be signed for determining the character aad object of the European in-cannot understand why the National Guard decree is' re- stricted for the present a Naples to the territory, "ml di qua del Faro," and does not extend to them.in some form before long. France has now two expe-dition* on foot—one to China apd the other to Syria—andoar own experience is condlusire that the ordinarysources of revenue must be ;inadequate. to the sharemarket, as ta the other defjartmenta rf the Stock Exmade by Dr. T. C Finnell, showed that death was Caused by disease of the heart, and the Coroner's Jury rendered a verdict accordingly. Deceased was about fifty Byeyears old, and was atailorby occupation.W l l l i a a a s b w r s ; C i t y flsw*. ) AaxasT or BTRGLARS AS* RSCOVXRV or Biotaw Pao-Prussia, and which even found vent In an Imperial mani- festo, such an idea is too palpably absurd to excite any than pity and contempt On the contrary, morally certain thai if such a proposalhave gone to Sicily from Northern and Central Italy amounts in all to 14,000.Despatches frjm Naples of the 22-i announce that it hadcared that England ought not to forbearance of another Power for tack.dependent upon the freedom from at-having belonged to the Irish constabulary: but whether from this feet, orfrom their own disinclination aon terms SOtar inferior to what they had 1ed, the writer is unable to state. AOf Lombardy, ho would have been too glad of Qm CbMserast Joo-A Smart oH an opportunity to bo revenged upon a Power which he bad always regarded as a presumptuous aad dangerous rival, and by which, in the particular instance alluded to, he sincerely believed himself to have boon deserted and betrayed. There can be no doubt, however, that all theby on* of the constabulary, ate of Dublin, declares ttaf merstoa's speech as a manifesto of distrust towards cherous manner by the Roman authorities. Thaw ar€Garibaldi's envoy, M. do It Greca, after visiting a Thouvenal had yesterday a long interview with the Em- peror at St. Cloud. There is no doubt that the gallantable* which are retailed sometimes by the London Tim>.t, sometimes by the Augsburg ftuetie, sad the Berlin Krent &irwv,and to which, vicious-like, Sir Robert Peel and Mr. Kinglake are induced to lend their authority,are partFranco.The London 2)«»7., tfeutsaye no one could take excep-tion to Lora laimereton's ton* when hetouchedupon the criticalJfMga relations or a constitutional government with a despotic neighbor.The London Herald remarks that the earnestness of Lord Palmerston'* tone a a pretty good guarantee that the work to be taken In hand will be well done, and that the government bad at last been reused into something like vigilance and solicitude respecting the national de-trampled on by the government, bated and detested b f the people of Italy. The P«a"» correspondent says that fetters are being regularly received at the British Consu- late, from , men belonging to the Irah Brigade, beggiBfJ for assistance in obtaining their release.THE RQY AL CONFBREXCE.C TOPI—, July » : I860.able article with the following words:—"There is no more summer the good folks of Berlin were greatly disturbed officers sire out that immediately afterwards be will starttT H E L A T E S T N E W S .[BV TsfetGRAiia T U qua—mown.] ,consideration to beobserved,for bleedisflowing.The by numerous burglaries committed in the suburbs, forNaples,where everything is readyforhim,without Cabxet of Turin, as well as with Bicilian •pinion. I rear object Is not to avenge the dead, but to protect the in the houses or villas of families of the first dis- the necessity of drawing a trigger.EVAOT/ATTOH OF fliclir BV I*HK KKAPOLITAKS.NAPLXS, July 23,1860. and interesting fete will be given on Monday evening bytatt the General will hare mors trouble, in settling attain a Seilj than his not blood can brook, andJthat, disgustedliving in their fortune and in their labor." tinction, including government officers,- clergymen The telegraphic Utter of the Sultan to the Emperor, and wealthy merchants. The tbievesajtscended the balcoA letter in the Uniia ItaUma states that the Veloce has been rechrlstened, and now bears the name of the Ben- venuto. It adds that her captain, Anguissola, has been made Rear-Admiral.Pevaro, Dsgostim, Nuntzuiank, Debre and Scholetta have been sent away from Naples.the Mendelssohn Union, when they intend to proceed in a steamboat up the Hudson, a* far aa the Highland*. O* the way up they will perform a choice selection of classic choral pieces, in the manner of a river concert; and re- turning, which will probably be after midnight, they will enjoy themselves with dancing and occasional sere- nades at particular potato along the Palisades and thoto GeneralItaly, France and England, for the purpose of procuring for Sicily all possible assistance In money, arms, vessels of war and steamers, and to represent to governments and nations the Sicilian revolution in its true light, its its sole object being annexation to the o*er States ofIks me and the recklessness or the other*. She is watch- the theatre, aad which so justly cause the most profound poned so long a that the leader of the gang, Newpert, cument at the time, but lis complete text has only justLpiroos, July 25, I860. OPINIONS RESTECTINO LORD rALMERSTON'S SPggCHlltbinst. But the panic in the neighborhood of BeyroutMl a free, then annex and unite as you please Be was such that 20 000 Christians from the environs had minions of the moor out of their hiding-paces, andKader was making the most strenuous and effective nuents commenced on the 6th inst at the Criminal Court enorta to protect the Christian*. of this city, and after continuing through several days,-ON TU* NATIONAL DEFENCES.word which expresses the feeling excited by Lord Pal- merston's speech, not panic. Uneasiness is felt both in the Bouse and out of it.Isms that to annex Sicily to Sardinia at present were to sought refuge within it, and were then receiving assist-twites tt* fears and jealousies of the great Powers; but ance from M. de la Ronciere le Noury, the French navalCatear s overweening ambition knows ne delay; ati'-exa- commandant and the French Consul. At Seyda thereBm is his frantic desire, and he villi at all risks and were 12,000 more similarly protected. At Dumas, Abdel who acted as receiver general. The trial of the deliu King Victor Emanuel. G. GARIBALDI.Tan OLD BOWBRT THK >TRE —The interior ot the old Bowery theatre at the present time is a mass of ruins. All the interior is rapidly being removed to make waysutras, obtain the annexation of Sicily to Sardinia. Heto Europe the exact attitude of Englandtowardsforeign States in regard to the possibilities or the future, and it ought to restrain within the limits of reason and proba- bility the invasion panic amonst pur countrymen.The London Daily Newt objects to the proposition of Lord Palmerston as part of a plan which the governmentThe following order of the day was issued by Garibaldi upwards of a month ago for the funeral of the Bungari|| Camr and Garibaldi; she fears t | e ambition of cant paragraph:—* , various terms of Imprisonment in the State penitentiary. General Tuckery. Some Italian letters alluded to the do-opening, Intend* surprising the old patrons with. Th* theatre will open about the 26th with a full and efficient dramatic company. x /Coroner*' Inqaests.DEATH FROM AS OVSRDOS* or CtaoaoFonn.—Coroners, I tear, unwitttoKly playing the game of Austria.The Mtmileur of this morning ha* the following signifi- resulted in their being all found guilty and omdemned to In presence of the deplorable events, of whiih Syria*la The reason of the proceedings against then being postfruot will not interfere, bet she wishes to restrain both*l aastria, who is anxiously waltisg Nbr the ssomevt emotions throughout Europe, the government of the Em- disappeared suddenly In a very mysterious manner from le mike a terrible blow. There Is at t«sboa a certain Dr. peror has deemed it a duty to make known, without de- an apartment, the door and windows of which werereached us:—Ikrtml, Garibaldi's friend and ageat. j Cfvewr has aaken Us isctcr «a orisf*. He fears W8 sSsalry, calm eaergy, i i kern ai>prectalioo of the right moasest to act, an I his mmgeoue manner of acting when the moment haesr- ntei Cavour wishts the Dictator to renounce Bertani • «gmt, but tiaribakii will not; hence he has receivedlay, its impressions, both to the other cabinets and to the closed, and has not been recaptured, although severalPorte, with a view to call forth the adoption in common thefts have occurred since hisflightin which he is thought lose one of their best chiefs, one of their bravest and moment's doubt that the inevitable sequel of the plan body of Michael Lenahaa, a native of frelaad, aged forty(WdttMrfomtri will show that the design of the movers oi ately giving a biography of Prince Jerome Napoleon. Becaptain of a sergeant than of a surgeon. If you are royal-ists, I am so too: but, King for King, I prefer Victor rates on Holland and Hamburg were slightly higher. Nofrom the effects or injuries accidentally received by fo"ltag down an embankment at the corner of StatyNhfrd street and Third avenue. Coroner feaam note anJnqaest upon the body ©T deceased, when the jury rendered a verdict of accidental do*"*. - i - ^ .Harriet F. Levett, » native ot Msssachusetts, aged twenty eight yean, was burned to death at her residence, 230 Third avenue, on Friday night, by the explosion of a can of burning fluid upon h«r person. Bo severely was the unfortunate woman horned that she died in leas than six houre after the accidett occurred. Coroner Jackmanis desirous on public and private grounds to undertake tiwma*;bnttodoItjusticemowthx»toreo^^Madame Saqui.wbo.ln 1816, I am unfortunately old teotiaj; when the troops of Fraaoa aad England are act enough to remember, mounting , to a dixxy height atHe Raw* are detected The writer my*>-Thm, in Esgtand.at the very mo»eBl when the l»po-Emanuel, who will me daylead us all against the Aus- triana, to Francis ot Bourbon, who sets Italians against Italians. Gentlemen, it is for you to choose. We sha;tgold was taken to the bank to day. hi therailwaymar kettaere has been a fresh rise in .Sheffield*, and other stocks were generally firm.of measures suited to the circumstances.last night it was reported on the) Emperor's departurefrom a long cabinet council at the Tullerias, that 12,000 men would take their departure for Syria immediately. apart from the dreadful sad harrowing enormities, thisto have bad a band, and lettershave been received from him by the poliee telling them that they need not trouble themselves to took out for him, as he should take good care not to bo caught -again. It appears that tie German thieves are becoming as expert an their Londondearest comrades. Varese, Como, Calatafimi, Palermo, saw Tuckery, the first among the lint, attack the enemy. In the tatt combat it was he who led the courageous sol- diers and ofheen of the Guides, who had the honor of en-already announced, is a targe increase of the regular army. We are told we ought not to trust any longer in our naval resources; but if our fleet is not strong enoughyears, who died from the effect* or an overdose of chloro- form, administered by one of the assistant surgeons of the above institution preparatory to a surgical operation being performed. Dr. Rives, the person who administer-that an important despatch had been WerVed, officially In the midst of a fhlminaiion of feu d artiJUx that might stating tnat a treaty of peace was signed on the 10th be- weU try the nerves of men who stood onterrafirms,has tween the Maronites and Druses. The London Pott addsWith you. G. GARIBALDI.L PALERMO. July 16,1860.Britain to the other. Malevolence takes advantage of the Just shown the world that even when past threescore this event will, of course, obviate at once the necessity, for Messina, but ha secrets are well kept, and discretionmet trifling facta to prove thai be wt yean and ten her aged head a not lees quick than were euafui ally sad the most mesthmt neighbor Is ready her youthful heels. She lives near the Chapelle d'Or- sithout cause m pomible advantage, to plunge Fraooe leaas, which she piously visits every morning. A aU a i mimrrrj ~* Europe to ac- away. Off they set ta quest of tt* unknown benefactor, knowledged by the great Powers. England is ready proved, thanks to the arm conduct of our Dictator, andPower.tbe Madrid Journal* when Madame Saqui's suspicions being roused, tu conse to co-operate with vessels, aad recognises the expediency full confidence is felt in the good faith of Piedmont Thefroataan (of tt* Ihrw or tin quenoe of being asked to sit down, while her informant or sending a corp* i'armee, of which Franee would fur concessions at Naples are turned into ridicule, aad formPortugal, to),* •tscassMil ta search of the patty. She delivered her nah the whole or the greater part Austria and Russia the chief topic for joking—the Sicilians saying that theymale deluded her into the belief that some one was about to bestow a large gratuity upon bar. Of course, theremustbenosignsofjewelryabouther,and,ofwas becoming a fixed factThe Jssmamv says the proposal made by France, withktoawar agamst the English naltoa- In Spain, afterA the proofiof sympathy which wai gave to that couabydermgthe warisMorocco,atthemoeaeatb> stove has ottsem for the Bafaath people, the course, the mysteriousfemalemust help to pack it safely of protecting the Christian inhabitants, have been ac- ready cash. The nordb of the Sicilians has decidedly Im-DEATH AT A DAKCX —Alexander Le Fleur, a Canadian, re- siding at 88 Ktng street, while attending a dance at a friend's house in the neighborhood, oa Friday night, sud-many persons sup place at the Episcopalvaa very much re - or a mat!m am .and his ha takesisso eel it, of aThe French division, under Gen. Troche, from the camp of Chalons, wss to embark on the SM_at Mamilies. torbest short bills *rodaa*a*tett a a fraction below the Bankminimum,butfforsixmoathspaper6«percentis still asked. AtttoawatbusibssswmqaatTH> LEATHEB TRADE.The account* received from the provinces unfavorable. At Newcsstle-on-Tyne, Mr,Mann, of the Sixth precinct police, yeaterday arrested two SM*, named Louis Beck aad Fredrick Duffcy,charged with being concerned ta a Itmgmrycommitted in the village of Glee Cove, L 1,1weeks ago. The offisen alsorecovered,at a 1 Sixteenth ward, about 8H0 worth of tbei Dufleyaanoldoffender,andasasmfl ta a number of burg!ti. Once on the scent, the police easily routed thelarge quantities of jewelry, gold ornaments, watches, plate and other article* of value were discovered in the house of a dealer in old stores,The London Pott says that the speech ought to explain for the various improvements which Mr. Wood, on at* re-—sn &($»^»V i !———Lord Palmerston expatiated on the danger to Jay 17, say* that a tt* on* hundred and forty.fonx? traditional poUoy of the Hapsborg* would be likely to royalists. About ten of the bate pokoe agents have been which the country was exposed tram invasion, men sent back to Ireland at the expense of the Papal go-and after pointing to the large army talned in France, vernment, sixty-four were declared unfit for Service, b yindulge in; and when the profound* irritation is recol-lected which was felt at the time by Austria against Up to the present time the number of volunteers who whiaha always ready for aggrwsi purposes, he de the medical offlcere, and forty were dacharged mmattt^too, verges upon oomplsts anarchy. AH at- thusenabledtocarryonherintrigues, evenintheverv ^ J ^ ^ \ b 2 ! f * * 1 r1***tvamia Wkitaparad, diecordbetweenRaneeandEngland. camporherenemies. Itisforthisreasonthat,notwith- saditwfflonlvb*fbrnfana considerasanattera po AminutefromtheHorseGuards,inapprobationct the tempts a establishing telegraphic communications standing her apparently desperate condition, with a batik- licy whether he stall quicken by a few rear blows the report a the National Defence Commission, declares thatBighnet*androyalInfantorebothdoingwell.FINANCIAL AND COMatEBCIAL. LONDON MONET MARKET.mmm OFTHE AMERICANPRODUCE MARKETS, are frustrated by hostile hands, who cut the wire*. rupt exchequer, a beaten aad dispirited army,and pro- departure of the enemy. an increase in the army ought also to take place.b the midst of much that a a oat) with anxiety la vinces on the verge of insurrection, she still The illustrious general mat fairly claimforhimself and Parliament was cot expected to be prorogued beforeSPOBI Admiral Pereano, oommandar of t|e Sardinian fleet revival of the Eastern question is a very serious business. colleagues, who are notorious for their skill and audacity, tering the first into Palermo. Be has died or hi* wounds, to give security it can be made so. A Channel fleet ed the chloroform, testified before the Coroner that every«**krm«>, thefollowingnot«ce:—'•!%» Piedmooteoe go- rsrsmmt has decided on not allowing my aid of Ui-u or auit.ons to be derpatched to Sicily SO long as Bertani »«Wa the direction ot these e^pmtttosk." this rather arkttrary conclusim was followed b y , a s I have explained akkve, the instaBtaneouo ezpolsiou ol Cavoura ageat, Is farina, from Palermo. Thus the conflict kttween Cavour and Garibaldi has fairly commeaoet. I fear its developemeat will seriously mjure the cause of Wian unsty. In Naples matters are u bad as they can a The people have no confide* *> in the Ktng: they fear tkat when all is settled be will, like his father of hateful smsory, so manage that he may pay off old scores, and last like Bombs he will be the mare creel from the fact khkt he vas forced to give way. Some people seem to kave great faith In the Queen Dowager. Maria Theresa. Ihey thy she counsels aad rates the ((tag, and ottiers aepe much from the interference of foreign Powers, but Ike Basses have no hope ta reform, do tfot count upontherd raith of Francis II , sad wait in aaxious expectation Garibaldi.The rollowing extract from s leasee inj the semi officialAll politicians have shag turned their anxious thooghis eastward as the poir t of the compass whence a solution or the present complication of affairs might be looked for.although some of them who tried their art lately at Paris have fallen into the hands of the Philistines. By reports from Westphalia we learn that on the Cologne and Minden Railway robberies have been committed to an enormous extent, and several officials on whom suspicion rested bare been taken up by order or the District Attorney.our gcod, our brave, oar intrepid friend, the worthy representative of the classic land of bravery—of Italy's sister.precaution was used to prevent the fatal result, and that after discovering the low coaditlou of the patient, nothing was left undone whereby he might be resuscitated. The jury neither exonerated nor censured the physi- cian, but merely rendered a verdict a "death by chloroform, which be took preparatory to a surgical operation." The matter will probably receive a more thorough investigation at the hand* or the Cotnmiawiooer* or Correction and Charities, tome time in the course of th* week. Dr. Gouley was the attending surgeon of the divi- sion in which the accident occurred. "^DROWMSG CASBB.—The Coroner was notified to hold an inquest at the Twelfth precinct station house upon the body of a child, eight yean old, named James Oamiskie, wbo was accidentally drowned yesterday. Deceased re- sided in 127th street, between First and Second avenue*.The body of the unknown man found drowned at pier No. 17 East river on Friday, ha* been identified aa John Farrell, a native of Ireland, aged 38 year*, and a cotton sampler by occupation. ?The rail on the Paris Bourse to day was nearly one-halfper cent In the foreign exchangee this afternoon the aged sixty years, died at Bellevue Hospital on Friday,With what different sentiment* will England and Francenow set out tor Constantinople from those of 1864.Russia, the common enemy then, will now be aa associ-ate, aad on terms *of understanding with France that The most Important thefts mentioned are a set of dia- the freedom of Hungary. The sons of this land will -regular and appointed mean*forienabling a few to do thebedes ill for Eaglanu. All will now agree as to the sick monds, belonging to an actress or the Court theatre at Stanswer the cry of war against tyranny, raised on the work of many. Skill to do duty for strength, and men banks of the Danube, the very day when the brokenman s state, but who shall be bis residuary legatee/ There lies the rub. Coming events east their shadows before them, thick and fast, and Napoleon the Third seems so thoroughly to lave chained the fickle goddess Fortune to his chariot wheels that all human jonjecture seems futile. This frightful Syrian massacre is an abso- lute godsend for France, and it is evident from the speech of Lord lalmereton, at the Coles dinner, however covered by general lies, thai be was thinking so when he dwelt noon the great importance of England's preparation for any event In the French Foreign Office I happen to know that such wss the interpretation put upon i tM. Faulkner, the American Minister, with his family, have removed their residence for a short timefromParis to Versailles. His affabllttv of manner and business like habits are subjects of universal commendation.Viscount de la Gueroniere has addressed a letter to the j?m^Eto-(Te>nn«exptaining his reason tor not immediPetersburg, and a lot ofjewels and bank notes or great va- lue, the property of the lady of a New York merchant A clue being given by the arrest of the railway officials, it was found that the diamonds had been disposed or to a goldsmith, who reset them and sold them to a jeweller at Amsterdam. The investigation of this affair a still pending, and in the mean time we hear of a valuable box of jewelry, estimated at 6,000 tbalere, being abstracted from a trunk belonging to the Hereditary Grand Duchess of Mecklenburg-Strelitz (Princess Augusta of Cambridge)• Handbills have been circulated offering a reward of 830 tbalere for the discovery of the property, but as yet uo trace or it has been brought to light Truly, we Ore living In an age or progress; the march of intellect a an undeniable fact, and German honesty will soon be is mythical in quality a* the honor of a Bourbon, or the disinterestedness of a Bonaparte.AFFAIRS IN SYRIA.No now movements ore reported from Syria.chain* of our brothers shall be changed into swords for fighting the oppressors.Yesl The Italians swear upon the tomb of tee heroic martyr that the cause of Hungary shall be ttetas, aad that they will repay with their Olood the blood she ha* shed for them. G. GARIBALDLCertain apocryphal letters from soldiers, who had de-serted to Garibaldi and repeated of having done so, hav-ing been circulated in theranksof the Neapolitan army, tu,e secret committee at Naples published and circulatedie following proclamation by Garibaldi:—GBNTUSMXN—We have to create an army of 200,000 men.I much appreciate and esteem volunteers; nevertheless Iwould rather make a colonel of a loyal captain who knowshis business well than of an advocate. I prefer to make aunaccustomed to war, or unequal to its hardship*,to countfor thorough soldiers and seasoned veteran*—ot couree ramparts Will not dispense with armies nor bat- teries work without artillerymen. The material will not supersede the men, It wilPeconom ize them.The London Times city article says:—Lord Palmenton'sspeech last night hss been regarded as a dignified expression of the thought* which for; two or three years pasthave occupied the mind or every prudent man. The stockmarket opened with a decided tendency to firmness, andthe general transaction* of the) day were at an advance.as well as the difficulties, of any foreign intervention. in bis case is one of the accessories of valor. He b a not lets than 16,000 men, aad all good soldiers, under his com-In the meantime, however, the intervention of France mand at the present; this is exclusive of the SiciliantheobjectofarrestingtheeffusionofbloodinSyriaandcorps. The Garibaldi subscription receipts come in very opportunely, as the keep, on a war footing, of so large an atmy(largetorus)wouldhavedrainedthetownorallitsBouree was also affected by anxieties ot afinancialcha-racter. It a generally beliejred, in spite of all officialdentals, thai a government loan will be brought forward denly dropped down dead. A post mortem examination,to hear a discourserly a Rabbi of the tervention. The acquiescence of the Porte if now only crowded with carriages filled with gaily dressed ladies;Christianity, from awaited. ..and with the variety of uniform and costume seen all day in the streets, the pint* locks at if engaged in a perpetual masque ball, or ta carnival. You will scarcely behovethecoastofSyria. Thepresentdivision,which,it1* this, ignoreCelesteandPancamo(theformerbelongingmid, will bo followed at no great »tervaj! by ? 2 S " ! 4 ' coosata of 8,000 inlantry, exclusive of 8.00*or 4£0» mit rises, engineers, srtilkry and wagon train-in all aboutto the past government) have been ordered away from Pah rmo.chooting exile ta the interior rather than banish- ment from the aland. The latter was supposed to be a friend of Prince Sabtmno, and engaged m correspondo r , d a t»^^*P « •*5??_ i ^ « iMs*we*a *• esc*withhim.e 5 The Amphlon is the only English frigate in our port *"rbeS>t«7cb Coaeoa7 re£rta from j ^ ^ ^ J * ^ now, but we need sane; the feeling of security, withA thathas been compelled to suspend payment. The one he has served a term of •*» jmn t$j GartbaWi la tt* tew*, M complete aad naivermlly resource* of m* gentfeman were, it is staled, diminished SUte prison The accused will be (killed. The mall steamer from Syria IS expected to day.had bean actually made by Louis Napoleon, the beenresolvedthat the King a Sardinia should send aasagerness; nay, that even without the restitution questing bim not to attack tt* continental possessions or The proposition was generally received with (aver, par- Irish are treated in a avast darespectful, cruel and trea-The consideration or the subject was postponed till the Emperor of Austria would have accepted It with aid decamp with an autographic letter to Garibaldi, re- 80th of July.the King of Naples.The London Pest has received a despatch fromParisiwhich mys everything leads to the belief that Garibaldi is directing his expedition against the main land, but no confirmation of the fact has yet been received.The London Morning JVewfof the 23d ult remarks as follows:—We publish great news of Sicily. Our Naples corre- spondent informs us that Kin* Francis H. shrinksfromtheticularly by the tory party. The peace party regard PalBaron Von Werther, the Russian Ambassador at Vamut,' arrived here yesterday evening, at the same time as t t * desertions are daily taking place from Messina, but on the J * * J B « * 5 o u t • TM D | u r e w l t o rnam, which, it u all his forces to the main land, aad accordingly orders more than that with 800,000 men, under arm* or on fur- Ambassador of Austria. The Austrian Ambassadors a travorahle to Garibaldi. Thefortificationsof Messina arearistocrats in Germany. Italy, France and iiigland.arerival of Medici and a small but heroic army at Melazzo The London Times says Lord Palmerston means nothing Sovernment, of misleading the English public, and finally appears to have determined his resolution to withdrawother hand it is equally certain that a strong sentiment hoped, will result in the triumph of reactionary nave been given for the complete evasuation of Sicily. lough, within tight of our shores, aided by afleetalmost Berlin and Dresden have also arrived here.latest advices from Sicily mention the warfare as still continued. If theformsof sa armatise and a conven- tion are observed, the evacuation of Messina with its am-h The London Ztatly News describes the reception given to the measure. It wss greatly cheered on the tory side, and this fact a noted by the Daily News as the indicationBIRTH OP A FRTNCE8E OF PRUSSIA. Bums,July24,I860.LOWDOH, July 24 I860 The funds were very dull, but price* were withootma- l bug at Naples ha* little chance of success. -1 have had tics, still hopes to retrieve her" losses, and stub- the reserve of merit made by the King in assigning mo- Aconference of Mormons was heldlin London on Sunday, terial variation. The attitude of France in the affaire ofSicily, it is satisfactory to flnl that the constitution hum- exercises a certain influence .in European poli- bis troops all the credit of this success, notwithstanding the third week in August.tives of humanity for the resolution he ha* taken/ The the 22d of July. Speeches were made by several elders,The Cuti* screw acanahlp ***irea**ta, Gaps. Bock- opportunities of reading private letters from Neapolitans bornly refuses the slightest concessions. Towards Ktng well knows Garibaldi's policy; knows that that gene- including Etoer Landon, who stated that active efforts Syria, and the unsettled weather which prevailed in Eng-is;, shah mite* from Liverpool •» « w P. a cat fee M b , to Frenchmen ta Paris, which more than confirm all you Prussia, in particular, she believes, with all the arro- ral will not halt until he has proved whether the Bour- were about to be made to spread the doctrine of the land^.caused the depression. Consols closed on the 28d i tIMfrom Qaemiown on the 2Sth of July, arrived at this will read in the dairy journals. Mot a day passes but gance of former times, and evidently expects that the bon or the Italian cause has most energytatthe Sicilian mint*. Brigham Young was elected president, revelator OSa 93s for money, and 83* atMX for accouat The some hideous deformity of Bourbon tyranny hi dug up Prince Regent, alarmed at the program of revolution, wiH States. Bis adviseri must have told him that there a no aad seer of the church throughout the world. Other dig • demand for money was moderate, and best bills werepart last evening. and brought to light, and the many revolutimary emis- Such thing as buying peaceable possession of the oonti Ike Eurc-p* reached Liverpool at four A. * . on the 22d saries everywhere scattered throughout the city take renounce the liberal and national ideas with which he has nent by the surrender of the island. Garibaldi leads annitaras of the church were also elected.David Wemyss Jobton, who recently obtained consi-derable notoriety in New York for an affair in whichbeing discounted at \i below the bank minimum.^ IOJTOO*, July 25,1860. The opening price* for consols are—for money, W , ;LrvsaroOL. July 24— A. M. Corns.—The market was dun yesterday, end although quotations were not actually lower they were barelysupported. The sales of the day were about 7,000 balm, including 1.600 on speculation and for exportThere has been no market at Manchester since the de-especial care to staks the saost of them. It is quite Im-been so unaccountably inoculated, replace the obnoxiousarmy too small for conquest Bis power depends on thefor account, 88 \ a 8 8 * new three per cents, 93,3, a 83 •,. ;possible, mid OMletter, from a Neapolitan well situated memben of his cabinet by statesmen of sound Austrian HaUnitedKingdom,fromQaebee,arrivedatGlasgowforseeingtherealstateofthings,thatFerdinandcanprinciples,aadreturnarepentantsinnertothefoldofthewantedhecandonothing.Palermowasgivenupbe-tedfortrialinLondon,forgrosslibelsonSirJamesFer LIVERPOOLMARKETS.a t a t M . hold his ground here another month. The Court is tho- roughly alarmed, and more than once the question has Tta Ciiaarc screw ateamsr Damascus was advertised to been put, whether, during the transition to a new ordercm Liverpool, on the 30th inly, for Hnllfajt and Nov of slain, it had not better stand aside. "If your Majes-Ttft ty quits the kingdom, or even the capital, for a singletrue conservative faith. I am by no means sure that such may not be eventually the case, but for the present there ore no signs of a conversion so ardently desired by Junkers and Jesuita, and the Prussian government seem determined not to yield to the pretensions of Austria andcause the Bourbon cans* had no root in the soil, and be- cause the army bad no faith ta its flag. Garibaldi will no doubt advance to the mainland, carrying the touchstone or war. IT he should be received by the people and the army as an intruder, his followers are too few to violate the rights of the nation; but if he should beFIANCE*The departure of the Emperor Lfor Chalons camp is an-day, in the present crisis,'' was the answer,"not aTbtrteemship Adriatis, en route to Havre, with New Bourbon will ever be permitted to put foot ta It again." her satellites. It has been affirmed, indeed, that a rap bailed as a liberator, nothing can save the reigning dynas- The Bourse continued flat Rentes on the 23d closed at parture of the Asia.proachtment was about to take place, and the arrival of The CmstUutiennel of to-day copies from the Opimitm SI. d'Annswald at Vienna was looked upon as a oonfirmaXationaU a column and a half of Instructions forwarded tion of these reports; but I am authorised to state that the by order of Garibaldi to his envoys at the different Euro-ty. The Neapolitan government may have judged that the crown might be more advantageously defended on the mainland than, in Sicily, after what experience has taught of the efficiency andfidelityof its fleet; hot it is difficult to believe that it has surrendered its strongholdTori sails and dates to the 14th lnatant, arrived off Hurst telegraph station at eight A. M. on the Wth.Owr P a r i s C o r r e s p o n d e n c e .PARI*, July 10,1800.tote Wt and La Phrlm TnmbUt With/mltm-Catxiur'i Impolitic Haste—Anstria on Ot0r.flertani—A/airs in iVopla—Distrust'im-EntfandU Cmduct ia Ae Syrian Affair—Abate ofAasce and At Emperor—The London Tiavt etc. 1tearthatforashorttimethegreatprincipleofItaliannothingcomparedwiththatwhichjustnowattachesit-interchangeofnotes,thatheorderedadespatchtobetainedanextentandpowerwhichmakeitimprobabletractedattention,Iromthefactthaiitcondemn*instrongthingdoingtarice.pean courts. The semi oitlcial Conttitut ionnO, is careful to journey of that Minister was not in the slightest degreekeep itself clear of all responsibility. These instructions connected with a political m ssion. M. d'Anuswald bad been from any higher or tern interested motive. The impend-THE ROYAL MEETING AT TOPLITZ.It was asserted that the Kings of Saxony and BavariaBRs-iDCTvi-rs —-The weather has become unsettled, cold and showery, and the markets are firm. Here there ha* been no regular market since the nailing of the Asia, but Richardson, Spence A Co. report flour Od. per bbl and wheat Id. a 2d. per cental dearer, with more enquiry.will well repay perusal. The• gist of them is that Sicily, taktagthe waters at Gemand and naming through Vienna ing evacuation of Messina is a confession of defeat, and awould not take part in the Conference between the Emperor or Auitria and the Prince Regent of Prussia, at Indian corn quiet at previous rates.as part of Italian unity, must group itself round the glo- "ontais return to Berlin, was of couree received with the rious monarchy of Savoy which ha* "personifled in her attention due to ha position; but the Prince Regentthe life, the force sad national dignitjXof the people. so anxious that bis stay thtre should not be attributed by' :But interesting as is the position of Garibaldi and Italy the Austrian government to a desire on his part to renew in general, at the present moment, It almost fades into the negotiations that had been suspended after the lastPRonrca—Aahea quiet: small sales of potaat20s. Boata dull at 4s. 2d a 4s. id. for commm. Spirits of tarpaaterms the aggressive policy a France, aad indirectly ap- LONDON MARKXTS.—Breadstuff* arm aad wheat gene- peal* to Europe for protection against French designs. rally 2s. per quarter higher. Sugare steady. Coffee firm.The address was adopted unanimously and enthusiasti- Tea quiet and unaltered. Rice firmer and in more de-tj sill have to stand still white the people pronounce self to the Syrian question. The horrible details which forwarded to M. Anuswald instructing him to abstain he will long remain inactive. We sincerely trust that a M.de Cavour and General Garibaldi, whose the present mail will bring to your shores have caused a carefully from entering into any official pourparlers with spirit of moderation and unity will prevail at Palermo, attic? is at varanee with that of Victor Emanuel's Prime perfect furor of excitement here. Parties of all shades, the Austrian Ministry. This despatch was purposely and permitting the maebino of civil government to workmaod. Tallow firm at 63s. Linseed Oil 28*. 6d. a 28s. 9d. The colonial wool sale* progress with firmness and the Undency is upward.THE LATEST MARKETS.LivKanxn., July 84—P Msinking their dinferences in presence of a spectacle which fester. M la Farina represented the Turin Cabinet at affects all Christian humanity, cry aloud for instant and?Uermo. M- la Farina counting upon the support of hit energetic action. If the Coiuiitutiomid is more signifi-rttrtD, M. de Cavour, saw at to thwart the! policy of the cant in its tone when it speaks of France, to whom theRotator, and at last the general got ilrei of M. d» Ca- East turns an imploring look as to the land of "heroic u:ri agent, and seat bim wo»d Uuu bo WB to W«* and generous self-c'evotcdness, who will find in P-cgy in half-an-hoar's time. A steamer was her bit tci ical traditions the inspirations ofan initiative imposed by bet long continuedsent, not by a special courier, but by post, and easily, leave bim free to prosecotB the great task beforecally.JA|ND HUNGARY.as all letters that appears to be of any consequenceare opened at the Austrian Post Office, the Vie-nese statesmen would perceive from its contentsthat Prussia is not inclined to make any further ad-him.tvances, but will wait till tbey think proper to come for- and the Duca dt Calabria, the two smallest vessels in theward with auch proposals as her dignity and her interests Neapolitan ntvy. It a sated that they had on boardwill allow her to listen to Hitherto the stumbling block 42,000 ducats, 2.000 pain of shoes, and a large quantityCotton Sales to-day 6,000 bales, of which 81,409 bale* Advices from Manchester are unfavorable. Tbere wasBreadstoffi! arefirm at the advance. Cora is dull.Produce is generally unchanged.LivKRPOot, July 26, I860 Cotton in fair demand; no chcuge in prices: sales 8,000bales or more. Imports 6,096 bales. THKRrvsaCost's—BVnaafamamamauiI'xww.—Anovelnaff to sail, and M. le Farina wp* | hurried! onward, and the gordian knot of Sardinian in- grandeur,'' "and urges the Emperor to resume, in the obstinacy with which Austria insists upon this country's sword sent by the King as a present to that officer. Must Several seditious cries were heari. The guard who inter little inquiry for gw.de aad yarns, and prices were weaXU,•px in Sicily was summarily Lvorod. By sure or »fa- i«.F.»tou» n..inanity of circumstances, themating Garibaldi caused ttie immediate dissolution of continuation of onr htetory.'' The Deoafe . lie~jnm», w» c h S e c r r a s i 1 ^ ^there not have been some connivance on the part or the «wawuM^daia pf these vessels? Otherwise the V61ooe could BWety B«*kmv*takUM*ttothv«r Umn. Uow«ver tUks may be, the captains are still prisoner*; and of the crew, four- teen hare consented to take service under Garibaldi. Ga- ribaldi's birthday will be kept on August 1, and severalfered met with strong resistance.; Order was restored at midnight. Ten, persons or the working cla»s were arkj Uwd ministry the moment it was known that M. la lara* was gone, one fact adds great importance to Oils w. move of the Dictator. The retiring ministry was Sws*l under the prestwe of s popular demonstration. WffeaUihas thortfore broken with the)policy oftinI'cjfjt,thePream,theOpini«ncjraaim^i* •««'*H«.9ferl*—overcomeherresistancetothisdemand that all tLc re- all journals representing various shades of party—are not sources of Austrian diplomacy have been and are still a whit km energetic in calling upon the government for* being exerted.prompt and vigorous measures. The Steele concludes an It will be recollected that during the course of lastrtsted,"in all negotiations between the two Powers has been the of provisions for General 1 Iosco's troops, not to mention awelcome he receives. In * territory where he is notLolaMontez played a prominent part, has been commit, gwlBw.lL P.new and great tribute to the strength of the Italian cause. Francis II. cannot hope that his flag will ever fly agau from the citadel o" that town; he knows that in giving it up he gives it up for ever.Toplitz.1 "noVISIONS dull and unaltered. Lard ta good request at69s.6d.forgoodand63*. forchoice. Tallowquiet,bat firm at afa. 6d. a Ms. for Butchers' Association.A letter Irom Palermo, dated July 18, says :—The tso steamers captured by the Vetoes are the ErbaAUSTRIAThe evening edition or the official ir.t'n-r Zeiiung pub-ribaldi, containing bis instructions who has arrived at Turin:—La Mast,• >£&!*&&$#*'-*«•!•,;• .—- _»>- n . — - T-T-nounced.68.26. _ _ _ _ _U,|.||..flW . I gmBELGIUM. iThe Belgium Chamber a Deputies had presented aaaddress to the King, congratulating him on the comple-General Garibaldi's warlike preparations have now at- tion or the twenty ninth year of his reign. The address at- tine 31s. a 31*. 6d. Sugars inactive. Coffee steady. No-lishes thefollowing,dated Pesth, July 21:—"Last eveninga large crowd gathered before Zainig coffee house. Afterthe conclusion of the performance ,in the Hungarian thea- was on speculation and for export, The market close* tres a man addressed the public in the Hat vanes Gas-e. dull and generally unchanged.PALKIUIO, June 7,1860.Colonel Tuckery is dead. The Cacclatori of the Alps have not the courage to disclose. Nobody entertains a Jeckman held an ii quest at Bellcvue Hospital upon theof the rest of the coast, if it fere within call and if it The fraternity of the two peoples, cemented by^blood were as strong as It should be. 1 (upon thefieldof battle, is imperishable. Free Italy is The London Tfsia points out that fortifications are the answerable and responsible in the face of the world forIt is rumored in the town that Garibaldi will soon startThe town is very gay, and the Strada Noova is dallychange, business was almost! suspended. The discountmarket retains the amy apparent* tately noticed. The i—TT —Sergeant The* Griffl* aad officers Robertson andwould constitute the safety at our dockyards as much asrecognized. Trade a picking up again, tent ship to the extent or £40,000. Some time since, tt relieve Walter to morrow morning for • ping is not sufficiently plentiful. Correspoadsnee viaNaples Is very uncertain, and wo have hadjjo direct communication with tnmati town since the begtaaag of the month-intact, si the last English frigate arrivedher*isthatFranoe meanswellto Sicily, aadwuTtelva tarfoaldibwwork. We are teach amused at the lies we read in 9C4DC o f YQ*ssT 4s»MT aWMvaOsB PsapsVal OOsTJOWmIBC OVf Vta*T***a* and doings. Yon hoard, no doubt,of the.NsnirtitaBahip- of war which pat into port here under pretence of bavin* dc*T»t£a«ata^te*adt, and which taaa wraa^AaUrwrjdhimfrombis liability in connection with the Norihumber- and aad Durham District Baak, Mr. Jamei Muirhead, »f U l s s m ^ V W a •* **S^B**J**S^>*J aaaveaa** a *.*<J*^**x^BjTa sssem smg^BBBsV ^^SaWs*^Btwawa»j ass*ss»topped, sad it is feared the amount involved ta thisBOTSCSARGB)on Friday night tt*No. 248person*' tag on ttdow*. 175 belonging to day officer Mitchei, rf tt a"*•n»•• TJB^K—A >aiNorth Seooad street, ~Untitled Document"*5>J*Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069hare^rmaamS" • » s s * o fthoughvery littlebusinesswastheburgtary.They were committedfor<will be rissllliltliThe affaire of Mr. Bucks,High Wycombe, mvwaijsstan,atorday sales of leather were no-At Leadpoolif, w v w a v MBW mmmmm*George Ball, a young i ** triedwa H a OssCTVf OTwesNattGat Cn*A~.whoa*B* accidentally gave his i was devotedly attached, aa ovsrdom adrug which she was in the habit of taking a* a id> for a complaint guilty.The jury brought in a verdict of notFATAL ACCIDUTS.—Edward Eeegan, a native of Ireland, www.fultonhistory.com 