 to ilis*tolot odol-licStMilif id atotT ir ot toie i eto- EH •I ie it-t>It rt ie •4 W? t- 1->t w Ocr • e » e e h-fax LrtaaTT or ran Punas rx FRANC*.— w> addressof Count BoPersignyto toopre- j^a, an the lhuhs of the prom in FTiace more Itea italiaai oar anacipotions, founded on the Imperial decree which immediately preceded li. The pith of the document, after tracing foe hwtoryof the severe restrictions placedameatoeprominEngland,from theperiodof tteac*essioaof theHouseofHanovertothethe question, and we caB upon Thuriow Wood to answer i tDas. S. ef War today receivedan* from General Harney, it containsallequal ina lit rary pent of vtewdent anon which it to founded, topurely theatricsI sense of thenot agree with MMgeneral paobcto Mr FOrreat'* beat refe. still it to not to be denied thatentirelyalonea*theacceptedrepresentativeof the character. Hat performance toaa vigorous, broad, full, comprehensive aad energetic a* ever. He has not abated one jot of the old tune fire. His 3partacus to the BpartacoB o f fifteen years a g o , with here a n d therMfaaa m- diptheiia, Maavart »Lwanlaeogatoodtooarcourt*asfelonyunderthe Frenchtow,andthey were accordingly htto.owing to anew rider loaiag hiswayaad freezing toIn S3 LOBe'i wrought aad I O sSECOND HAND 8AFBS 17 SECOND HAND-*mning.^of the Charlas'/•!Daotssher »the only batoved child o f Ckiiiawi a m Fahertyagod2yw*rs,tm<auh*andlseay*. ^ The frisadt and amnstetaaoos of dm familyaneeifwBy terited 0 torn**ofa»psrsnte ate,ggHas tetotpoon a>*f*eo'rlnotFAawoK..—<»c Wo**aaasy ess—•. - ...- •• —, croup. Juatra haxuama. yousgeat chiht of John H. and Mary B. FaasTag, m the third year of ha> agetNoticeUntiof the funeral willtled Dghiess, Asw, beteved wife of Thomas starred, native ofMae Partoh o f Ardagh, county Longford, to*toad, aged t tV.itoe law on warnings be- be found &apfbrt«a by a companr of Captain Steele, h" continoed the search untilgl% from the Raited States Baak. heton iscertainlyao*toBOpublicanhouaeaoW;batItmeansawamamaw,»ithnowofotaorpeople, i»t00toe Webbwill notdofortoePootOmco.WOmot hi tha real founder of the repuh- latibial of "an more slave Territories, no more slave Steam," and has patent » datedat for back on is*!, amiertoename of theit would teem that this proviso atold free toll Tan Buren lioainnrttir elemfoe republican party areto havefoeteam in the new tabernaclo. fiat are the oldlaa* bore » oMlitory noioMoi .,***toagat•ooMbody—oMdpeople p » ^ » aaw a eiTM wajr--ar tarntoiohrojoMS , W e b b i t o T a l l e y r a n d i n d i p l o r n a c T . OatheWeedamiowedonotsee toeajafoa lireeley at ail, and toe SprecevlQfliopben atom to beleft outintoecold. one whigsoftoeparty, offoeorthodoxstripe JJ^ijitiaintendedtonttheyaboilbaretoeofMr.Seward,goingtosubmittoplaysecond tip isspoftant pott of grumblera-in-cbief for fiddle, without even a remonstrance! That iscipal facts connected with htaattawmery's poatpiete annihilation of toe party of the throws some light is regard to the objects anjtuarte.lies to thesewords;—"If aO parties. of thefunds tan* are being collected for m avliwriters, feaSysubmitting to foe constitu-touch of that dtotingatohod allartistic finish wnich impersonations during h i* The audience numbered overThe' nvitodto ther, 02 Ami two o'clock,O'Bornxx. aged at yearspowrai-TRATTO LEAVE**. am hJBlatereai- It takes but little time uleoee of Messrs Edward Chamberfin A Oc's ESUA.oanghter eemrstedLeaves.Thatoaeeachieved,lof the night, but every place vhaied was found itenerted Thati«ontoiportontconcession,andthereis Thenextmorn.nghevisitedthebonneof andfoundeolyfemrworn-nmatasonofHEARINGa*ioubttootbtmceforwmrdtoepres*inFrance ThiB boas*. known as Mntgomery's fort, is a doabie «riHBarefbHlibertytoexposeabusesin boose,tmfltofheavytogs,theroofofoneprojectingThf Slatve Trade.CHUtGS OF THE JClH.il TO TBX Q9AXD JCKY. cxrrsDsttTBBcacciTCOFRT.Before Hon. Jadge Smalley.Dnr. X —AtthesittingoftheConrtthismorningUse Grand Jury, of which Edward W Yoong, Esq.,toman, were sworn in. Jadge SmalJey charged them thegeneralnatureofthenthmwn on the nhin*tiira*-g*Vj or in toe government; to discuse toe ybioftheadministration;torevealinjustice. gadto treat of OB-Teat topic- generally, with Hath more freedom than b o s hitherto boonover like a biockhouwa. u ie other of vary heavy '*'§». fitting ckoe togethor, except a t about aman»sihook'tTtherex>anopeningofnbail around. The oalv things of note Inthehooae, except :t* nith. were twi> empt\ i*harp s rifle boxes.On the 8th, tLe Marshal haemg tenorted to Major Wea- ii-'ii*thatbedeemedit •;aouse,endwould disaontnmeBayfamllv use at tboold F1»teenth street DtotaUery. In ISO, at a » West FtftaeoUi awest.Scott on the morning of the Ilth, and arrived here en OffreedomallowedtothepromtoFrancewill Saturday evening last, thelath iTUtsntcanery,fraudsod fiUsebood teescapedetection,coverapthis iufamy andavoid punishment. Those who will in partof theback and tap*. 6EBUG A COTEH, sole pro-be s t o r e c u r t a i l e d t h a n e v e r . I n t h i s c o u n t r y to*pre**istoacertainextentrevolutionary— a/sortofhalfwaymeoaarebetweenthatof ftgiaxd and France;butitis,atthesametime,I a m , a h * , v e r y r e s p e c t f u l l y , Your ob "t eerv't.W. 8 . HAHXFY PACTFKainjtcuf)srxrwrs.The supplement to volume one of thePacific Railwaya n y w a y b e p r i v y t o i t w i l l r e s o r t t o a n y c r i m e , h o w e v e r at rocioua. to conceal it. 8och is human nature A nd knowledge of it should be met by the moat unyielding de- termination, vigilance and vigor o f t h e officers o f t h e towtoascertainthetruth,pointoutthecriminalsand bring them to justice ( 1 A ct of 1800. Sec. 2 , 2 Stat. 7 0 .)p r i e t o r s . E ' J n i r a , B T ^ M O R G A N A A L L E N , w h o l e s a l e agents. ** CUaT atreet, Mew York, bead for oarttaoatosfrom well known men.T h eFor sale untilHOLIDAY GIFT SEBEXBS W:l! find a mast recherche and ART TBIFLES A N D S Oo o l l e e u o a o f ANTLALlTlhSthe Blairs belong The oeieotfon of Wflmot is another offering to the ansae branch of the re-tivetowsof oar society,to universal suffrage, arnicahasfoundedthethroneoftoeNapoleons,theWarlepartmeot.thatassoonatthecivilauthoritiesbktoobtainBroadway.MewTenur*sFawoewta.LmaHes,ifTost wis*beaatiislBootsaadShoesfaryoarsalresaadehfldien, also Toilet Slips, presents for gents, satrowiat MTT.I.RB A CO., 3K canal sireetwttotee ifoordertomakeitfoebeamofoarinstitutions:cooldprocurewritefortheapprehensionof Montgomerywasquit*aeas onthetret nightofMr.For t. A il th e famous "pointsandinlaw,foelibertyoffoepressinFranceOnthearrivaloftheMarshalhoproteaooi atone*to makesearchfortheCIHMIQIIIIJ.battheyworenowhereto,reeaivedtheftrat •atTesta,S2se;fineCkSs.Be,foronterwork,atrales wshtaethnsaCLAEEB,mWtiltamatreotBhungr i m v D R . o r tars W i Si Lucas, Mo ,DecIT,1*80t present ,to—I hare the honor to report, for the information of threedence. 94 Henry street. Ptasojm.—Oh"Tuesday?of Charles A. aad Mary A. f. months and 12 days.The relatives and friend* ar* tend the funeral, thai (Thurada: parents. No. 1ST South Third Uinwburg.aad others of ius band. I ordered *>ftnni Barry'i cooa- rest'* e n|f too* portico,those writers, respecting the tuond. two oc»npani«e of artil>ry aWMtnaad as eavairy. to reived win* a degree of enthusiasm which is quite inde-trill of the Pl'oaxh people, only desire the proceed with ts*> I nitod State* Deputy Marshal Cam poet; to Moond City. whore the band was thought to b e , to make libertyofthepromforthemaintenanceaad thearroita. ThiswaaontheOthofthaimonth,theprosperityoftoeState,thentheyhave,tofact commandfromForttUieyhawingarrivedtheretheday before.( h a r l e s H t WeareoownasiHBIDSIECK'S CH. tape,fromtoesame MaWCharts*Hes medalattheBordeaux CaisafSU* exponae* gin*, medai aad aeoom lionatoaroffice,and'*• CtolefCHAELBS *eandidenticalwiththatforwhtohLOTHINGATCOST—ETEEY GAEMTNTTOBBsoW bef<we the ttk of Jasoarr. Pilot Oyereeate, 07 at-fetenfr'd. '"For.' toys toe Minister, "That the search, the band having scattered, Idirected the would bepresented to them, and in referring to the- Btelmw/mw *»artillery to return to Fort Leavenworth, the infantry to |oeawvemosttofideas,ofaentimento,ofcon- remainatMoundCity.and*hedragoonsto take postat traryopinjonm,aboilererytrhereawakensocial, 1'or.scuu. 1consider thai force necessaryforthepro- t-ctionofthecitnwoa.andtoaasanthecivilaothonuoaaootk&l iiii—niininl and industrial life who wbentver called upon m arreating theoifcaders.fan reasonably complainf Bat toot for I have determined, onaccount of the expense of main- tailing so large a force in that part of the IWiltoif, toslavetradebesaid:— Yonwulprobablybecanedupontoinvestigateiniracuoasofthetowsfarthesiiffr—s>enofthestore trade. It to not the doty nor the right of courts or jurors, to whom the constitution and laws of our coon- try havo committed the t.toni otrateon of joatice, toand aawaie Pianos tared,arewsi Walterstreet.Herrin*T'» Burglar Proof Bale*, Mew York.Tlie LataM *V may new ba had far JDiAMON^»diB»j^TCBim| Arurn-A V,EIXBRIJ~K. eldest daughter of Herman and Ma- FL'th Avenue TI illtjtoafllii ef V:ahaitthoafo tnd no farther; andifthereore reduce it to one company of infantry, and havo there- be blind or deaf to the generally understood violation ton* directed Major Weasel*? to return at once to Fort of any important tow in the community around part* whoproposeto themserfes ootto bore R;:« y with his company Captain Lyon u ordered to them. On toe contrary, it to their hnnerativ* duty,ria Wellhrock aged 6 years 4 months and 84days. The relatives and friends of the familyinvited to attend thefuneral, from the residence of her parents. 38 avenue D. corner of Fourth street, on Friday afternoon, at one o'clock.Yaass.—Inthis city, onTuesday, December25.3c- JUSUAH.relictofJohnYork*,aged80yean,1monthand 17 days.The relatives and frtanda o f die family a r e invited t o attend A e funeral, this (Thursday) morning, a t half-pastDiamond FullSeu Wtheir id-as, toeir doctrines and their twatimeamrelievethesquadronofdragoon*atSortScotta*soonaa iftheyhavereasontobelieve,orevento•waprat, that th*paymeritsantheMiamiIndianrenarve.whichhehas grave offences ate committed eg*tout the laws, tomake careful and thorough inquiries in rotation thereto, and, if t h e fact is established, t o pi—ant a n d punwh the perpetrators. If courts or jurors fail to do ao, they in turn become offenders against the tow, faithless, perjurergwafdhaa*oftinsgreattrees*reposeda them,and deservingofthemoatcoadaxnpunishment. Thatthelaw* tor th e suppression uf th* slave trade had been often moat gnesiy violated in this port, and m other places withinHolidayPreaewt.accepted by toe government of the State. been ojOwad to sttwaf with hte company, are com- pleted. The dragoon* will then return t o Fort RileyA WHBBXBB to WTJsSOaaBWTJjrO MACHTKE,At the redaeed prices aad witfc the s o w n u f i i s — • prove a mi«t acceptable preaeat to a saathar, Wtfa, msartOStoeiUbBroadway.Bow Tors. Ttoe Most rsefml Holiday|attooverthrowtheStateitaelf.then,weare Ibe!-,-vethatMatttgtenerT*sbandisfullyashugeas tali, whatever amy be toe weakness of those represented to be. that they are sworn to protect eachoth«r by perjury, as*sssiaatif. and m every way paraes,respectforthenotionalfeeling.l*wand possible Their object a. as declared publicly bywillJmtrest will not permit toot passions hostile to established order will bo kept alive.Thatisall foir enough, and Loam Napoleon then in so doing. A large portion of the population on hasmadea atopintoerightdirectioningmnt- the border either hftongs to this organisation or sympaTEE A BAKBBt ceiehtated Sewing Machine. It will bum through il e and bless a* it goes. 496 Broadway, New York. SAO and upwards.ADTEBTISERS A N D BUSINESS M S BWILL rareTHE POPTJLAB SPANISH AMERICAN PAPEBavse privileges. But we aretemptedto ask. long will toey mat? The spirit of thestreet Sold and apphSt at BATCHBXOB'S Wig Factory, K Street.frl«tsdora'i Hair Dye, vVlsrspass—The best to the world. Wboleaato a a d retail a a d th e dye privately applied. Mo 4 Astor Boos*.BEST ADVEBTIRING MEDIUM EVERY CLASS OF BUSINESS.bgmad will not apply to France. Wo shallrying out their plans. It would take a large force too f Hair a a d Bab- D y e , SO ArcticAfter some farther instructions from the Court, the controlled by a variety of totereem and M*Tvey under direction of the Secretary of War, by L L Grand Jury retired to their room.rpinioD*.whichpreventsitsbecomingthesolid Stevens just printed, contains a map of the country be- tween Milkand Columbia rivers,aad isothermal chart,ABEAT HIT -IMMENSE BEDCOTTON OT FBXCB AW?btetratcentof dynasticd«*f"Tuetk>n—ifwemay lo spesk—toot it is capable of becoming inand seventy lithograph engravings illustrative of different prominent points on theNorthern route, and their physi- cal, geographical, botanical a n d zoological characteris- tics. The narrative a very interesting the plates are beautiful, a n d t h e whole work comprises over seven h u nMewMAJETHA COBJtSSPUXDSNCK.*» to.'* Radical CaureOmee No. 2 Vesey •treat (Astor Hooae), opposite the church.MILLS BOCBiOBlA WHISEET. JOBB MTLLt 0 (XL,Be,T 9$ an-NAPOLEON TAP BOOTS, A NEW "fTYLE,WALI. STBBBT AND ran STOLES BONUS.—There IsagnatdealofalarmandexcitementinWall died page*FBTTATB FAMTLIES WHOWANTPUKE WINBS AND LIQUOR* FOR THE HOLIDA YS, CAN PURCHASB THEMaaojstreet about toe Indian Trust Fund bondswere stolen from toe Interior Deport-Arrival iBosroa,The steamship Canada, from Liverpool v i a Halifax, ar-mentandpatintothemarketthere. Thepar- rivedatthispertateighto'clockthat evening, too late for hermails to be forwarded Sooth. They will be for-tie; wt bold them seem to think that the of- warded to-morrowfence ctrust; mat. a= thrtugh the gross negligence ofraaquiha. which has probably been prevented by the I«'KHIIIJA«—NiBBuaB.—In this city, on Tuesday, De- WOLFE'S PURE MADEIRA, SHERRY AND FOBTthe clerk only amounts to a breach ofthesec>-iar>-oftheInterior,thesevaluable pres*pasnedEastathalfpasttwoo'clockyesterday,withwindfromcrossing the barat themouthoftheMagda- tena river.The American Minister, General Jones, is an board, but has made arrangements whereby h e will b e enabled to proceedtoSavanilla to-morrow nightonboardasloop. Thence b e will proceed to Barranquilto, s a d there awaitcember 2 5 . b> Rev. Thomas Strong. JOHS N. Doaasi A<«, toM.»KTA.NnuxAifx.bothofHolland.G,IMU&—home* — o n We4nead*y afternoon, n - • m bex26,attwoo'clock,byRev.J. Gulden,Joes GOWAJJS, of Scotland, to KAJICT l i n t s , o f Holland.Kxas—ecAsuts.—AtCincinnati,onWednesday,Decern berUt.attheresident*ofthebrides brother-in-law.11 A.Gtassferd.BBq..bytheRev A.imively,Wa.H.Km Esq.. of Cincinnati, to Miss HAHVI»T E. SCASULB, of thisWINESWnUT s HCiT h ANIi IRIKH WHISKEY.*»I1LKE'W JA.MAi' A AND I«'T «K'IX BUM. !-rtor.«l AL'! *oul«i bv the subscriber Uarranted pure ma ilto*t>e»t«.,uaiit»UDOLPHO WOLFE. ATHKArf'REA.VTIAirRirwrTT,IFAPPLfBDFORngiu ;.»•.,--A '..rt ltnMi.-d qaaautv oi mom prectous I.LLI DRI u HUE PORT WINE.in cases of »ne uonec out'-tad u. ('puna, byCo. aadioresicxboi.ci•'J;npaid,tatheottehtalpa*k- agos. Tstewtoe,ofvtma«teiiBO,totheuaestfasttareorttocu-a* uts of iht government were entrusted to the K-epuxg of a single clerk, not of the very$5,000 in gold dost, and s i x na*a*ngo<ai-Tbe dates from Denver City aretothe22dmatant tillthesteamboats recommence running ontheMagda-Tabjle^-,deliveredtaanynarfofNewYorkorBrook'ya. t a*.e». Pyramids. Booed Turkeys, Chicken,beeanfMisedthemnrderofFreeman. Hisconfessionhas higheststanding,andthatasthebuyersofthebeenpublished. H*hadmeditated thecrimeforthreelendswereignorantoftoewayinwhich they days.A newda-eovery forsaving gold hasbeen made by atomeintothemarket,theyholdthembya maninthegolddistrictdiggings. Itastillasecret.He legaltitle,andthegovernmentcannotrecover tookapanfallof tailingsfrom oneof thequartz milht, sup-mood to contain little or no gold, and by subjecting it to ha> procca* three times, he obtained nine dollars.MTITKB—iFtHiir—AtOMIlaiitamiwiofthebride'sfather,on Tuesday, December 3b, by the Rev. B Peters, monev could pmeure, aad none equal to te ha*ever beforeMottoes.PickledOjsters,Ac.,alloft'hehostquaittx,aad maonahiepneea.PRESENTS FOB NEW YBARBA beaottful a n d ehotae islaiSiisi a f French Faaoyfilled with Confectionery, Sacks, Bag*, F'missal. O ketaaadalanst aassrtaseat of BurrPmenahtona, Napkin Ring*, Picture Frsases*. Ac.,forThis, we believe, is a great mistake. G ov-ALARGE STOGEOOLD GOLD ANDSILJLEAPP Aof toufrateraHy will beheld at the Fifth Aiarameiits,toprotectthemselves*fromacts like faeaffim new*come*from theSanJuancountry. Itis vast m extent, andrich placer digging* are said to existthis,havemad*offenceslikethatofMr.Bailey there,aswefias(toeagriculturalvalleys.felony in the first msonate. We remember We had a light snow on the 20th inst , but all the snow disappeared in a few hours after it had fallen. Thetaoaetotyofl Bow York, linaasu «T.at10A. H. Godtey.ef Chapter. Coltageof Newthat tome time ago twoohama to Parit, who•tote certain railroad bonds and fed to thisCity, were allotted hero, and that toe offenceFOB HOLIDAY PBBSBNTS, SUITABLE FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, AT VERY LOW PEICBSNEAT GOLD Pi*fClL8 PROM$3 TO atOEACHJOHN FOLEY,Manufaemrw 'S'.cn-andPrRMPRIATB HOLIDAYT>ANIC OVER'beat hack to France under the ExtraditionfarFBABE E HOWB,. Cnsaavlty. treaty.Batourowntowisexplicituponthis PaomA,HI.,Dae.St,1903atonL Congressmadealaw-whichwepub- ApassengertrainonthePeoriaandOouawltaRailroad ran offthe treat when few miles outthai morning. E. laota oUTmoney article to-day—creatingthe 8. MiUer. of Ladi, V. Y ., w s i fatally injured NoneforLSM*1traae of which Mr Bailey stands charged dia- Stctiy - felony, and we cannot tee upon what tottextthe authoritiesatWashington cmgrant toy humanityto toe clerk of toe Interior De-nodoubthoveboono felony—areceiverof batBaileywootheprincipal;•mwearetoaJfoedto thinkthatevery Wallstreetor elsewherewhoholdsimplicated somehow in theof shewere hart senoueiyIAT A REDUCTION OF *flB. T. UAU9KWqpia 00-,, republican Blairs—simply a* ratty CawocumenH e w sBE,FOOT Eauunnr, Dec. 26,13*0 The Central Overland California a n d Pike's Peak E xF'atnck Waters was hung on the 21st. When an the gallowslene. Thedifficulty nowpreventingto.thattheupper partoftherivertoheld bytheconservativeorgovern meat party, while the lower parts and most ot the ports onthecoastarehokibytheliberals.seven dollars, and two dollars and seventy cents respect IveJy.say, there have been only some ten men killed th all. as I am informed The chief damage done has been to the cathedral, which has been struck by the oanaun balls of the liberal party same tee or fifteen times. Indeed,al- though there has been much rr*^"""*^^^. there has been little dcim.ige done, save to tht bouses of the town. The belligerents seem to avoid anything like real fighting, and are evidently averse to meeting each other in t h e open held. I have been greatly amused to s e e what wretched marksmen they are. Our vessel w a s moved yesterday down t h e harbor to avoid their blundering shots. The whole affair, when seen b y persons who have read of ngnting done by tne English, French or Ameri- cans, seems tobea ridiculous farce. There have been two British men-ot war here since our coming. One, t h e Gladiator, deported yesterday for Jamaica, while the Cadmus. Cast. Hillyer. • still here, seemingly watching te see what wilt next turn ap.Many of the citisens of the town are in trepidation and anxiety concerning their liven a n d property. T h e captain of the Cadmus ha* been petitioned by a number of citiaens to interpose in their behalf, aad save Um live* of women and children aad property. The Ameri- can Minwter, Uen. Jones, h a s also been strongly urged todowhathecanintheirfavor AllIcanseeforthem to do to to take active measure? for defence, and instead of trying to dtotodge t h e enemy a t a great distance b y uriag cannon, letthem show a little courage and go and •fake or bring off the guns that are here and there sta- tioned to tiremto thecathedral aadthehouses ofthe tow*. There to a most shameful, most disgraceful waste of ammunition, yet life is saved by the random shots thai now and then' hurry poor human beings to theirlonghome.Several merchant vessoin are in the harbor, bat the country at in a miserable condition, several ports bewg ctoeeu by the general government.We have no news from Bogota. Several ateamboata, having been allowed te go op, have been detaaaed at the beadofnavigationsothatthe"powersthatbe"inthis vicinity are unwilling that say more should go up, for fear th e government may gain some advantage thereby There are anus six hundred government forces at the city. ._2 5 , b yt h e- p a naiOsIA^-THB BIJBBNTELweather since h iEnaaasT, Dae.St,The pony express going West waa twenty-four hoarsJTBIX MTLLIONP Sl-BORFTVE MILLIONS SAID TO BE AFLOATWHERE DOBS THE I WTTERE I* TT SPECIE OOt SPKCIBdeath. Howaa a~French Cam* Dtonwr Sate, Tm Sett, toBst Soto,tarraraadPtatodset aad Parte Faaoyaua, N.H.,DecSB,laaU.of the baste of Ban- at the ratidance of his son, :n Acttm. Me. Hi* waa MM years, 5 months aadCABMUK.—Suddenly, on Tuesday, December 26, at hertote residence. No. 60 Carrol street. South Brooklyn, ELBA ATTSTTTNO CARD FOB irFW TEAS CALLS, A., wife of Joseph Carson, aged 32 years, l month and I t atoawal at ETBRDBLL'S olddays ear of] Her relatives and friends are respectfully invited to at-T)ANlf PANIC. PANIC, PRRICEa,JT SB fwrssheaa* Old Tom, Gta, ta to led waribness. B a sale cheap by the paneboon ta oood, or by iB.aULBWTB 4C*,;-Gte,ta*ass* aotoRalph ker Hill,died this19 days.died this typhoidfever,agedfortyyears.without further actio*. CILLST—Ofcongestionofthebrain,onChristmasmorn-ing, December 26 MimhlArraA CILLST. daughter of the tote Rev Moses Bean.CLAsa—At Monticelo, Sullivan county, V T ., on Wed newtoyDeeember19,ofdropsy,LcmaaCLASX,aged61 years and 20 days.CtosF—ID this city, on Moadav. December 24. at the resilience of hi* brother. No. m West Twenty-fifth street, of typhoid fever, Dr. ftntraxt Cooax, of BrooklynThe friends of the fantfty are respectfully invited to at- tend ha funeral, that(Thursday) morning, athah* past tea o'clock., from Br. Cutler s Church. Brooklyn. The remains will be taken a' Oreenwood forDST—In thto eity.oi Btoaaay Maanu,wifeofWm.T Day,ajof theO8BAJrD BQCABB ABT> PIC<X>LO,Theseataseaa*setarat.Brig. Gen. comd'g.1. A.BUMRILLACO.,No.in rax coarusn v. PHf»TOOBAPH-ALBUM8. CARTBto-OaVTiaiTBELEGANTSETTIMOS,rdUlB-BOXES,UAHfIJ. PRINTS AND PHOTOGRAPHS a i P A S B B ^ ^PABTOCTS, FRAMED PBJIrTS. POBT- FOLIOS. DRA WING ALBUMS,HAND-BOOKS OB ABT.AND OTHBK BEAUTIFUL ARTICLES,ATGoUPLLB, TB Broadway, **rser of Htoah aJ 8. (LEAVER'S PCEE GLYCERINE SOAP. EECO0I- . mended by the faculty for a s <D ec36.1800.At the Schnapp* Depot.18, » and » Bearer street.WOLFE'S PURE COGNAC BRANDY IB BOTTLESDoc SI, ItSO. mu> liquidate, bar-H. Fmller., DM. St, 1MBof Congress from the.«, in. tost city, of lh...Tiir»«i«ltmmyear's calls latylteb i A,NEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY. D Kthemselves to protect fugitive slaves in the Territory. toassiFt them t o ran away whenever a n opportunity offers,- taking them East and receiving sixty dollars per the jurisdiction o f the federal courts in this district, is a bend," and to drive out of the "fcinSty all who oppose fact too notorious to admit of dispute, or question. Thatthaw with them, and those who do not dare not oppose them or gave Information concerning thaan. I am *atatftad that the greater part, if not aB of the donations which are sent to sufferers inBotchrloT's Hair Dye—Reliable. Harsa- BL NOTICIOSO DE BXEYA TOBE, le— and mstanameoas; btoek or brown. Pactory 81 Barclayfreach people it highly and unchangeably Kansas, goes m to the hands of this band, andthe greater portion of it at perverted from the use in- well andeestoud throughout the United States and allTHE HANDBOOE ' OF N E W TOBE TRADErevolutionary,andtoeargumentamiappliestotendedbypurchasingarmssadmunitwneofwarforcar-ALLT H E rrSP ANISH AMERICAN COUNTEIES, aw*ciRCCLATE* LARGELY EVERYWrHEBS. TUXthoroughly break up this band.rre witoets, sooner or later, at a Montgomery ha* a regularly organised band o f aboutwhtokers, No. 1 Barclay street.beautifying the hair aewly invented wig'm latest Parts style with thto ma- itoteanunatea. Ctoaaatoemaaasemam,atLalED'S,NEXT NrMBER WILL B E ISSrEDWEDNESDAY, JANUARY 1ADVERTISEMENTS TRANSLATED FREE,INSERTED OB MODERATE OFFICE t t A N NA BL'BBTTJ. B CO.,of those coacessions, a collationsixty men, who receive tan dsmwn par month. bennies aportico of the robberies. OK., aad aJho spies and runners foe government and the press, aB over the country who give him timely notice of any movements set on foot against him . The day before theonsty and vigilantly enforced. It will be a and common tarv upon the administrators of these laws if, in future, they are not enforced. The boat, defiant violation of this atiaanaus but growing traffic, it is believed, to now well understood. No honest man wui ksnd it encouragement, but since it is known to exwt h e will aid in putting it down and bringing to ponishment trnoe engaged in it. When a n y government becomes ao feeble, a o indifferent, or ao oorrupa, that it will not enforce I U vital laws, a n -forfoereatoathattheprom itthemouthpiece troops reached Mound City, Montgomery s men. to theIf the people, and if the one is revolutionarynumber of between four hundred or live hundred, assem-bled aad passed resolutions, a copy of which have been the otter cannotremain long withoutshowing ponliahed in the black republican papers. I think the best aad rhueajwrt way to catch Montgomery and hat fc.The people of France haveno ideaofo party will betofurnish theGovernor with funds,andletWetawo Stonkataarchy or revolution begins, and there will soon be an end a*lIIihHthat1eoaMrendernomoreoarvioabyre- ofalllaws. Itmustbeexpectedthatthedegradedbad 0/ llapoleoai for too tone being. Wbea the m*.mng longer at Fort Seals, I determined ta return to men who engage m . or ski and abet, d u e horrible tradepermanentdynasty and they only respect that him'i-.o it in Disown way.rapturewhich we prophesy occurs,thelimits my headquarter* m thai city I accordmgty left Fort (for aooeotherado) will resort to any apeeto* of chi-•an dress y nr ownpersons. Many todies were una andthestandingcommitteescribable. With the single eaeeption of Pnaaanus, which Mr. Conway played pretty well, the characters in the •-Gladiator,'"afterthehero,amounttoveryHtUe.The actors were well costumed and spoke the words, all that waa requiredofthem. Withtheexceptionofaglaring anachronism,atropicalscenetorepresenttheenvironsof Borne, thea**awhfa wasvary creditable. Theamphi- theatre scene to a very effective thing In its way. Mr. Forrest will appear inthe '•Gladiator to-morrow eve-, agedl year.IItovtted to at the restosoce of her of Sixth atreet, Wil-Ie without it, after vttnea*tag its vara* to wellasMBMIinlugtheouahtvofbroad,mtor sate by all ass prtertnai areeen a GEORGE 1 . BATES,that unchristian and inhuman traffic has greatly increased within the tost few years, and ts still increasing, and that principally upon vessels fitted ta and cleared from thto port, does not admit of a doubt. Within the tost three month* more than three thousand miserable human beings have been taken by American cruisers from slave vessels sailing from th e port of New York. Thto fact toChristendom. Ithas,a*homeandabroad,become astigma and reproach upon this, thegreat commerciai andmaritime metropolis of tike Western Continent, that thathas bees permitted. The laws against it are sufficiently Ointment. plam explicit and severe to put a speedy end to it. itvigor-OIK SAKTASAXTA MASTHA HAaaos. N>v at, lsOD jAOif BOAST MAU.8rsAinuR COTWAT,>at JONES', Boa BJandll Ann street. N. B.-C*iiaodities, a sure preventive for <" Sold by all drug aad fancy storesstyle aad on short would reepectfuliy aoocit trorjage of thetedto*of New York and vicinityVrBW YEAR CALLS.i > TO THE LATtrgJiNo table to complete withoutJ FOX'SCRACKERS.Call for those stamped -J, Fox.'' kept by allgrocers Wtinlrsslr agoat, A . A . B O•ETEW YEARS TABLES.1> ATTAYLOR'SSALOON.3S6 and 307 Brasdwsy.Orders a t ) now be left for Befrtsliraena for _Arrami tf Gmenl Jama, United, Sttta Jraauarr Tm Sttgt—Numerical Strmgth am Both Sidei MiteraUe Mmrl minmtkim mmd Warn of Flick— Terror qfu* isAoto- fnwti—Good Admee, rft-., dV .We arrived her* on the 26th inst.. and have been since anxiously awaiting the arrival of theEstrelut from Bar-HarriedCABTKB—ALIAS.—lathis city, on Christmas night, Da* ALLeesnbee 2s, by the Bee. James C. Egbert, Mr. ASDBSW CASTXE.toMiesJUiraaAixaa.Cams—0>LU*a—On Thursday. December 1 8 , a t Col- liBwdbd, Jefferson county. Ohio, a t t h e residence o f t h e bride's brother, E. K. Collins, by the Rev. Mr. Lavery, Mr. H L. Corns, of CSncianati, to Mto*8XXTA COIXESS,of New York.Try i tBROADWAY, HAVTNaIhis town to y e t m possession of General Arboieda,chief of t h e government forces. It h a s been besieged b yGovernor Nteto and some seven or eight hundred m en,on the part of the liberals, for eight days, and, strange to York, to Miss JAATBGnxnr, of Bondout.-WOOJT, BDBY 0 CO., Mmia-ra of theDat^wAsa—KXTEA Cases ftl3, D e c K , ISffiU,40,6.i»,W.«• W.72,«3,13,71,17,64,57.ar*east ftwaef ea*aa»» II In• mtlli •tor12, T, 8- **' j?:.2i cLS'tSi: a a t mOlive Branch Lodge No. 31.1. O. 0- F ., aad the active aad honorary member* of Bxoetoiar Horn Cemgaay No. H . are resposttally tovtoaa to nttead the faaaxaa, thto fTtomw- dar) afternoon a t bah* past t w o eotoI, BawlDnncx*.—HA**irr Dorxxs the Joseph K a m i Eaaeitoo itooker, ag«The Diiiudw miTicaititn* of the iuof larparenta, No.1will take place on frahty ana o'clock, from N o 1 3 8 EastJ«»€BBWA_-J*V a a i aalatlasts* m l«4, 5 t . 2 8 , » , * X « » . g t . M 8 , 5 7 . U , » , a o , 8 , 6 1 .^ ^ «•-U***Q_ye.«IX 8HIBT8 root*.SIX FINE aBTSTSI SBMERINO TrKDBKSBTBTS SSe. toHalf How t3perdotMOODY'S, O B Broadway.1*0 F a r *ntahiag- Goods selling ate for thirty days. FEAEHE, 3J3 (tlmisday)Hill. Inimitable (,literB**CC Beav,rOverroau,$15.CapeCloaksfromSBtot»lPsialn.A(il»E, beii_.Hnrx—On Wednevcay, DecembotSMjL of Beaaninptka SLAKTASS,wifeofSamuelPrice,ageaitIfaars.HsrremainswulbetakentoGreenwoodfor toterment. onFridayafternoon atoneo'clock,frtmtaradoresi-"Theor! dence,ItsEastThirtyeighthstreet,huemst in knowing theChampagne amongst the first experit*s of she world, aa it is concededthatthewinetastersefBmdtanxare.Thtowtn* maybebadataBTyepenelril*groeersaadwinesaalen. We would ask consumers who desire this wtne, to aa*Oast the name oi .thai lea Heidatock is stomped ta full on the " corksandease.T. WBATACD A BERAED, MB Pear! all Your LiquorsBar MediriatavlAT ONCE CCBEDHCNDBSDS BATE BEEN BE^TORED TOtsall thosewhofeelD ByDMTONBOSC-BXtBEjrE,OCTTLIBTANDACEIBT.CHARI.KH WHITE, Paeprletor.lewd VB Broadway. _Constitatioa Water ta ttoe Oaly Known of theremedy far diabetes, nrtek dost depositsaadpate ta toe towerMother*Take Heed.—8—aHand ^eartotlns are creating dread: u! havoc among childrendespite the effort* of the doctor*, but HOLLOWAY S PUlsand iMntment have aevar failed, when timely applied, to save nog ta* aesdays, aSlivo toe livesof the littleBAST B . Mnxau t o HASAH E . , youngest daughter o f Jesse M Folk, a ll e f Brooklyn.been imported, nor can be again, during the preaeat aanara- tiun. Prtos now, Blh par case, in the month of Jauuary, 019 Should aoT there* fter remain o n hand it will n o tbe said at any pnesTH UB KENDALL. Wine Fori ' byABTBKLve—Gnxm AtBondout. on Christmas dav Deeem- bertS. b y Rev. Mr. Philiipe, Mr Ca>u. H. Kwu. of NewcvtKHjtacs—Hoou.—On Tuesday. DecemberRev. E. Lathrop, D. D ..C . Ovnsaanw to BAsnaBTHottG, adopted daughter of Mr. James Bogardus.^nunT-ljwm—(Jn Wednesday. December 19, at the Church of the Incarnation, by the Rev Henry E. Mont gouierv. Dr. Gaoaux W- Sukmr to Mto* MAST Lawat, daughter of the tote John Lewis, aha., all of New York.B i r t h , .OBWEOT —On W<ednesday December 98, thewife of W.L. Ormsby, Jr. of twtu Soys. Mother and sans doing well.Basel.Bases.—On Monday, December 24. after s -hort illness,CLARA J., wife of Dr. John Beach, in the tOth year of ber ageNo. 3TAYLOR'S BAiAlOB, Broadway, coraorofThe friendsattend her funeral, from h e r tot* natdence. No. S3 Wast Twciity-*ix-.ii street, tarn ^Thursday) morning a t eleven O'CaamsawLat. Louis aad Cincinnati papers pkaae copy.andrelative*o ft h efamilya r einvitedtoW« have a rer* large and efaotaerartaty of tiasee Goods, anaI am Btssored toexchange for IAtttete Atee for change for Howe's standardBroadway. reapuctfitay anrtoad toattoad,Pox,CrampTeamTEN P E R CENT BELOW MARKED I^ICBESMITHBoa. laUCaodlAIFultoaiH i tA. B O . MM BBOAJDWAT.The right kind of a preeeai for the HOLIDAYS.On* of those fine adjusted aa AMERICAN WATCHES,AMERICAJ?WATCH COMPJANY of Walthaao.,Mass.Ittoa-toadathe funeral, thtoLof other makers for salefor aal*tend thefuneral, on Iriday afternoon, at one o'clock, AT ETERDELL'S SONS, WE1MWH4 CLARDSAJTB CTOBAJtT PlAJKat,The retotiveaaad frtaad* of th e family, t h eavtimers of ttoe Delatwsuw Statte Lot- of theMuulnugaistrost Baptist church,themamberaefAt IBUTEOVERirt-LtMWOBTHOFFALLABB Wteter Oathaag BOB os hand, aad as a is tew te ta* easocaad ataTowlngio taeeeraaged sttterf ourtaaaeia.AT EVERDBLLS OLD STOBJ A WeOOlagtanls, Ueodiag t^rda,iZaa 'rt-HE VTJjrEGROWEBr COMPANT-S 1 ri'RB COGNACOfthe name of tee eeoir—y, and the aaawtto'?&^A°?mtt~%BOO*TGRAY CARD 9VJB only to k e",i**" WJ1--H. Ouvxa, acn of Jesses D. Oliver.RKXIXY.—OnWedheaaay. Decemberftonxr. wife of Edward ReiBy. in the 58th year of age, a native of pariah of Edgarstown, oaanay af ford,Ireland.Thefriendsofthefamilyandthoseofhersous.H.A. Reilly and John A. Reilry. are respectfaBy larltad to at- tendthefiroersl.fromherSaleni'irtrwroMo.OtRidge street, on Friday afternoon, at two o'raatfc, wassart fur- ther uivitatioc.WKKES.—OuWednesday. December Csatrsu: T. Warae, in the tOth year ofThe friends and relatives of the familysons Matthew, Henry, Carryale T. junior, and alsothefnendeofhtobrothers Nathaniel,and Benjamin T. Weeks, and brother-in-law8.C.are respectfully invited to setand the funeral, from hto tote-uawaana*No.StFirst avenue,onFridayafternoon, attareso'clock,withoutfarthernotice.EAFSE8*!WTUj-ecr-c.—OnWednesday, Deoember98.SJaaWatnine o'clock, from the residence of her Weidiington street., No. 077PENCIL CASES. tan. ALL SIZES AND STYLES,H. Steps, of Eptetea Chanter, GarUate,Fa.-iu..SOT*WTl*OinJaXJ* f*tsOW wSwawrTUamTsmV O f Imm HIGHEST STAJUXNG IN NEW TOBE CANBESEEKAT107 Clinton ptoee, between Fifth aad Sixth avoswaa, •JJIAMOBDS, WATCBMI AMD JEWELRY,SELLING OrVTwJ»EK iaAlloaraood*Mn B. SIMPSON, BO.—ennsllii facllttt— fora. Beddinig, Embromideerrjirni,c,Quibtog, Ac.inthe aU.yc. foryears._Thomas M. Tryniski309Fulton New York 13069South4thStreetwww.fultonhistory.com 