 leg of aft paper, the rtorary of t T auA Sato a lecture iaugoeatioe with an athghett Btatary and scientlne, Tb, object tf the i•sent ef Enrope la ervtlim*taeIby a physical law- work bym New York. At tteaed to with U•tofMM5C?Professor Draper has made hat mark. Yon hear ate pa- be difficult to have a iper talked of among the literary aad scientino wherever you go, aad in fatare w» shall expect to boar less fre ejneaUy the question; What has America donerThe foDsarang totorwjttagl ytkpte ofl the snajeet of the North AtiaatwTstograph. embracing a bitof history of tBesMlBBHsMSStaadatcrhMtonoi'WW»»e*dbyOoLT.P.We can command to enter into I the services of good menmaterially want tbe town, they took It for granted that they weald be warmly reaaired, sad oonotoded to post pone their vtoli-On'the evening of tbe fifth or July official news reached the city of the arrival of Gov. Feequiera at Hermoedlo. about a day's march from Gonymas, for its relief, with a military force of 8,000 troops, coUected at dffieree* miUary stations m the State or Sonora. The Indians baring intercepted one of tbe couriers, send tbns learned tbe news some few boars ahead of tbe city authorities, slowly retreated to tbe Yaqui Pun, there to await the advaaetag forces.I may sa well mention bore that I learned from a pri- vate letter received at Mazatlan, dated July 3, that a meeting between the contending parties had resulted in>to< taatrelhe entertained here; hot the countries to he traversed by the North Atlantic Telegraph can be considered by this section of the association withpropriety. I propose to dBumss the geography or the pro- MM* telegraph* raoae, s i far aa pertains to the Faroe i _ ~ •——-.< imnlanil and Labrador,•nrroav us ma raofscr.Before entering apoa the subject proper, It Is doe to thertieaO* of the enterprise to snake a few remarks relativeto tee history of ocean tetegraphy The Northern tele- r an us not a sow idea, freehry conceived and advancedthe conaweratjon of men, nor has it been bronght into i ny the tail-reeH the late Atlantic Telegi-pfa, nor - i of the Northern roate claim any advantagesy , are forever and ever a nar- mtriguragtasnbag themselves, and for their lial benefit. How can we ask Brass foreigners tobe respected, when they see that we do not respect ourOn Tuesday, June lb, an interesting ocsurrenee took plane near this city—an American wedding under novel circumstances. Tbe bridegroom, Mr. Wm. Denton, of IHiBois.has for some time been one of Captain Stone's party, and an snob was proscribed in this province and ft r- bidden to enter the port cf Guaymas. Having bean en-maintainingIt<the advantogei ofthe liae, theprofits on thecompared with another,-espoauteskce. Texas, July 4,1880C*xutfor Stmt* tradeJohn r. •sjsssi ffli LiftUnder Djffleidtim PtrtOityof WntiK, Soli, ate.—Vernal Char-are questions thataaooes. Amoer-a ulaee. Wardrobes, armtAawa,ep^ttjnw^ ovala*Furniture of die servaatt' Furakore, Ac,holders of the Atlantic meneed its earwtr in 1MO. andUwSBoneyofthe:ed opon U by the British tkn inns—r tTiT—— lustre to the naUont triumphant saoossa gigantic enterpriseptaced their•u the taiillaudEnrope to America, and Greenland The Canada to Quebec, the not promotive of thewere the owners of the ajrodland aad it « Omnpsay was orguarmrt feudmed in l«aa. 1 — the public may anay. That enterprise comcommanded the confidence public. The liberality bestow- Ameriean governmental, and money and labour in it, added to be lamented that the most Toe failure of thating of public consideration as the destructive little reef off the coast of Florida. Key West is the seat of a commu- nity of men who live m the misfortunes of others, who earn what others teas, and who consequently flourish but when their neighaorsMmftbr moat. It was fitting that such a place should tie selected as the spot on whichsions is almost superfluous. The best essays, in the pub lie view, were "Liberty," by Joseph Boll, or Nashville. Tenn , (a nephew of John Bell, who is the American party nominee for the Presidency); ''Culture of the Heart," by Warner Miller, of Northville, N. Y., and "The Sublimity of Law," by Francis a EUay, Jr. This tart young man is really gifted.The Blatchford medals were given—first, to James C.rived on the erenlng of the 29th of June. Everybodywho had the good fortune to get ashore at this delightfulplace wss heartily welcomed and cordially received bytbe inhabitants, and one could easily perceive that theywere on the most friendly terms with tbe Americans,while load in their invectives against John Boll, on ac-redo.On the same day I Colonel Alden, together with tbe v Bomwoad gtogsrss,laid heaving ofiwUllieiUncle Sam, but sect of philant import them for; ding with iaapunity; IIcebergs float, andthe cable will be laid It • easy for those 1 quainted with the culties. Arctic aav pleasure of conversing of last autumn, agreeBANK BOOK LOST—NO.Whoever will return amid bank book (payment is stopped will be rewarded, either at the bank or at No. tt>East Tweaty-into deep horde on the of miand naval commander, ta the cause of the liberals, is at San Bias ceHecticg forces.gold ring and a ayable to Ben Sew Fork, No' JulyS, 1860. Tbe finder caa retain Hats. Ac, As. cheek at the sugar store, Mo KB Ninthit r rly every position known to telegraphy. mi FABOU UB—-over a soll.which refuses to retain the recent foot groundwork of that deep knowledge of men and booksSan Bias, l a Paz, or even Guaymas, that out of the worldplace, our coin ts taken at par, while at Mazatlan It Is at LOUT-AUGUST IS,' IK WALKER STREET A BAVKyet got the ettect—losing ten per cent—for my trouble. rewarded.The cable will be landed at Thorshaven, the capital othe Faroe group, and from thence a few miles by land toWaatormanahaven. The island is hilly, the roads into These islands, being covered with a thick growth ofa lower figure tuan ever It was at Japan. I hare beenrtor, there is but liti* cultivation, pasturage good, the people intellectual, rekgion Lutheran. It sends one mem- ber to the Danish Parliament, tt has a Governor Sheriff and other officers of state; the climate is ab»nt'the same aa Copenhagen, more mild than Stockholm, yuebec. Mon- treal or Boston.ICBXAWr*WI B b e t r a v e n e d b y t h e l i n e f r o m P o r t l a n d t o R e i k i a v l k . The people are highN educated, and a considerable trade hi camel on between them aad the Europeans. Thewrench have some 120 vessel.-' ashing on the sooth coast Taey have free trade wish fjreign countries, aad all the inland fisheries are fitee. The inhabitants are Industrious and relitKM*, and halve their own local Parliament. The country is partialtv Cultivated but much of the land la covered with lava. Che climate is moderate, the ice ne- ver interrupting navigation on tne south and west coasts. There will be no dimcnlty whatever in running the tele graph across Iceland,brushes and grass, offer aa inscrutable biding place for the "blade diamonds.»The plan anrnetbnes to, when It ia supposed to be hazardous to land upon the shore, to disembark the nig gers upon the coast of Cuba, aad then detain them until a suitable opportunity offers for importing them into Texas. A gentleman told me that once, while engaged in in reBtigattBg the business of some parties who bad pur chased stores of him, en Padre Island, be came across an unclaimed African wild as a prairie hog. After conside rable coaxing, this piece of property told my informant that the camp was a short distance above w tere he was, and that seventy-five of •'hie sort" bad just been landed from Bayou Honda, to ICuba. Searching further, my friend informed me that be found the camp and delivered up the nigger to his master and was rewarded with manyIn pursuance of the above line of policy, it is my plea sure to inform you that quite recently a cargo or niggers were imported into Padre island, aad that, before this,Is It not strange that, in spite ot the immense trade whichi,iii ifa net so cold so the! climate of St. petowborg—a city or ,700,000 mhabiaett—yet there prerwli Uie most er- this port consequently, all the importations of the RioHill, Conn.3. Struggle for Freedom, as Developing Eloquence.John W. Hays, Berwick, Me.4. The Discovery of the Fate of Sir John Franklin. S.C Kimball, ContoocookvUle.6. The Waning ol the Crescent. George Hardy, Grove-land, Mass.To marrow, the 18th inst., we leave for Panama, via Realejosjnd Punta Arenas.t >u» tinaymas C o r r e a p o n e t e n e e .U xrrxo STATBS STEAMER LAXCASTXX, Iarefree of tee * eased lathebergcanreach to their bee*-wheremost unsettled state that it would be possible to iaaagtato stir BEWABT1.-L03T, IN BROiDWAT. BETWEEN 3 ) 0 Daant and i'rtnee streets three biue enamelled But-in the western fan The Esquimaux arenever steal unless on tcwat their a Ives well. Peace, love and <moo to them than to Itails,itisneedlessto that as long as an preseotatrve of ot respect, bat whenever tionalvesa|,be it " me»e cypher. Themanor-war ta ta port, the re will be treated with due official is not backed by a aa or Engliso, he becomes a**-• ^p-EtAwWRooM_Magnificent V4 octave l__oforte netyearved togs aadsaws, torn rewind eotwars, saade by MUM way saakers hao _ufalrriav_.lky--*j^>*J««e^a>^res.il, ilsjapa-rtor t-bHjncU—w*nl, oon # W , Ws_swww»ii \^swsaB_M~s»__ry, rr*_K_ ew-eotoared e t o - cover: Moate BooUa, roeew-at Brasmc. Rcoaa ftaas earred in frtot aad flows*a. eoveredto aaUa bra-two RsA'cptksi and shrat oral back Cbahn, msstoby stotb^aa* perb rosewood Itogsrs, jnxmrj laertate top, lanes wwh aaua- wooi, Freoeh piste mnrolobra and keek: t -land with the aid of i their tabor, and then the service I have i offered, and ail telegrajdtttnetbTJf.*can be laad eertarnty I~msaJIdasr >facten,riably looks for on such occasions, bntsuchss it was. it was listened toby Urge and apparently appreciating audiences, who may have done so out of a sense of re- «pecMei oiimpllmfnt . i.comb) madean oration, andPark Beojamut-read a peem, before tbe liurai y eocietiea. Neither these, nor the ora- tion and peem before the ntamni ou Wednesday, ret tivery by W. I. Alton and albert Phelps, are worth cantingupon. . .]Onmaisnwimesitday, satewusllui t was all that could be askedf»r, and tsjetinssi flushsa was tbafrat an cert* hour the First Dutch church began to till up with ladies and such gentlemen as coolu smuggle by tbe marshals, so that when theprocession from College Hill entered, an audience brilliant ta tbe extreme waft waiting to listen to the efforts of tbe youthful speakers.Tbe venerable President Nott, who for upwards of half a centory has graced the Presidential seat, sat in his accustomed place, robed la the gown of his important office, wearing every appearance of halenem and bearti- aem that he did years ago when be used to make it a rimnnon of each recurring day to order your correspon from them about two weeks previous. At last accounts he determined to avail himself of our presence in Guay- t away from his studies for untoward unruhness. mas and; tie tbe nuptial knot. After be was mar-<tc <tca e defeat of the Indian., the Mexicans recapturing tbe gaged some time n an Interesting and very wealthv ALLAN A STEVENS, ACCTIOMRRBS. fort, ammunition and field pieces which had been wrested young tofiy from Lower California, Donna Bleu Canova, 0»ce and salesramNo. 170 Broadway,.rMaiden tens.As the island of Key {West is attracttng considerable at- tention at this time oa account of the presence there of a large number of Africans whom the philanthropic Uncle Sam Is feeding, clothing sad taking care of, in preference to bis lawful nephews and nieces, it may not be amiss to attract your atteation to another island oa the AmericanFeremptory and am-cUve AQCUOCbale ofso d? ly pwabaaed by the share coast, not half so well known, yet which is quite as deserv-The orations, with a few exceptions, were hardlyworthy of notice. Criticism, you know, on such occa- we started for La IPaz in Lower California, wh we wear mere interesting 6W, started on the wedding trip toalone regretted by those who.as a speculation, bat by to coagregato hundreds of niggers who have beenSogers,of Sandy Htll.N. Y.; second, to Douglas Camp count of his meddlesome interference In Mexican politics, to be wondered that nearly all hands made a longer stayRosewood Metodeon,Rosewood Centra aad Sofa Side Tables,Eneoigneura and Rare OU Fauumga,Rosewood Chamber aadOak Dining Room Furniture. Drawing Rooms—Royal Velvet Carpet. Mosaic Rugs, Pier Mirrors, tul Paintings, by eminent artists. Rnjrrartngs. Butte)of Parlor Furniture, solid rosewood, covered with blre floasi and go'd satin Centre and Sofa Wd> Table*, toee aad brocatel Curtains, oak liming Boom Table, K feet tong; oak BuiJew English crt Glassware. French and Plated Chtaa, Dinner Betas of too pieces. Ivory bsbSBBsd aaadled Kaives aad Fwaks, Tea. Set, Oockerj. Ac. Chambers en Butte—Rosewood Bedstead, Marble l o p Dresabtg Bureaos. Waamtaad. Cmrtod Hair Mat- trssse*,F«etheTBe»d8andrakms,BedIteae.PMasairis>wta. iraaBe*,r—•sparovenuu rwsad, therefore, with me the problem is solved.The land sections are not of serious importance. A line can be constructed on land wherever the tool or man can be pi* I have bum lines over hills ' beast nor wagon could go, and these regions were In I j great Mississippi Valley, a coun-—EXECUTOR 8 SALE OF A VALUABLE PARK.-JAMBS M. MILLER will sell at auction on Tuesday August 7 .and valleys where neltj try havlag great • participated inpurpose seemed chiefly to show that his memory, his lore of nature and of books and bis fascinating manners hiBut lour vessels were at Mazatlan, owing to the stormy brokers and Jewellers are requested to atop tt If offered farsttoatad tn tbe waslilii of CUnton. sane Irrmfinr ta user county of Fast i, abootTonrsattes toast of the etty of Rewark, Newieeeey, and eentam* « to-MJRh aaawa, firnsto. road. This ia an excellent farm. In a good neighborhood, w easv o f accessatalltune*ofday,andlawell worthy toe —inn i. ot those who are loukiag out for a desirable eomury residence. For maps and other particulars apply at toe onto* of the auc- tioneers. 2s Pine street, N. Y.anORMAN * HUGHES. AUCTipNEEBS.-BT TIBTUm VT of a chattel mortgage, I wftl sell on Monday, August 6, 1S60. at10o'clock,theentirestockefladies'andgentlemene second bandClothiag, Furxdture, Carpets, A c . oa tbe pre- mises, Sta Third avenue, between Tweots-a—h aad Twen- ty-seventh streets.In 1*M. 1 obtained the unfortunately wrecked in their prospect of obtaining good t the telegraph fromthe Faroe tales, Ireland homes and kind masters, and wao are now dosses1 to bebell, of Cherry Valley. The Warner prize (a silver cup of the value of $60) was given to Edwin B. Tefft, of Fort Miller.The graduating clam numbers 103. The degree of A M. was given to twenty graduates in course.The following honorary degrees wer* conferred:— M, A.—Uenj. F. Eawn, Pettstown, Pa j Rev. H B. Tay- lor. Lewiston, HI D. D—Rev. Joseph Abbott, Beverly, Mass: Henry Harbaugh, Lancaster, Pa.: Wm. Soddard, Philadelphia; H. W. Pierson, President Cumberland Col- lege, Ky.; Henry Darling, Philadelphia. LL. D—Hon. W. W. Campbell, Cherry Valley.'Tbe benediction was then pronounced, and the crown dispersed just as a heavy shower began to fall.Commencement at Dartmouth. OCB HANOVER CORRESPONDENCE.HAXOVB*, N. H., July 16,18«0.or which the bue San Bias affair was an excellent speci men. , La Paz is tne most beautifully situated, and, for trade,well adapted settlement on this side of Mexico; its har- bor is easy of access, roomy and safe against ail gales. The ship Forest King, of Boston, sad a number of small craft from Mazatlan. were loading here with hides aad sil-will ti a ferae Labrador and Of thai enterprise was of some New Yorkers, who ly of telegraphy in New- eflbrte that the Atlantic the liae from Ireland to New- Iheae circumaUnoea that the Northern enterprisesent back to the barbarism, slavery and superstition ofthan was anticipated.Business here is very dull, sad will continue so duringthe present campaign with the Indians.To us the only redeeming feature of Guaymas was theexcellent way in which Mr. J. J. Bodgers, an old Alba- nian, catered to our; wants of the good things or this world. ; Meats, vegetables and provisions or all kinds were furnished to us at the most reasonable rates, and ta the most approved s|yle, thus affording us an opportunity of living as cheaply and better than we hare done in any port on this coast.We Have here in about a week or ten days for Mazat Ian, and thence to the southward, where important busi- ness makes the presence of the ftag indispensable.h~The editors of the1 Vienna journals were a few days ago summoned before the Director of the Police, who gave them t h e following inst ructions:—The journals must not discuss the question ss to the authority of the Council of tbe Empire, and must not speak of a const!KH.II" Cheat*—Ibarentwn iy' ike Psi V^iion Fraternity— nor of Sinaioa aa to the best means of promoting the libe- uiai Assemblies which are about to be created, they must lor Suit.,Misi$»iu, for SI*). Bookcase, Etegerea. OantreTables,M not of recent origin), it that it is older than five miles long by from one to two milee in width. It isthe middle ol July for tbe United States.Although our stay here was but short, it was neverthe-less long enough to give us a good Idea or the wealth aad influence or i a Paz. The mines in its immediate vicinity were yielding freely. tbe crops or grapes, wheat and corn extraordinarily large, and tbe stock ta the best possible cond ition.the Atlantis Company. there he a sin for the estab- Ushment of rivalry in telegraphy, it does not be tone u> the promoters of the Greenland route. It is ae- eesnry for me to be understood, however, as not being an opponent of other Uses across the ocean, l a m in ravorofas many as can be bud, conMent that the North- era rents, with its means of celerity of transmission, will have all the business it tan do, and that other lines will nave all that they canItisnotnowmypurposetodiscusstherelitivemerits of the ocean telegraphs, esteept in each matters as pertaic to physics common to acfesnarto* totegraphy.ma nut)ih irune ABBSUA*.i of the telega***), as snicked upon the map, isGreenland and ;with other lines totelegraphic roate are as to myself, oy the telegraphic Greenland, The bottoms of and a cable onoe all time. Neither the like iceberg will disturb . their white srested waves. 1 be no part of the sea in which the bergs will reach the bottom. , or for those unac- of the ssse, to imagine diflJ- with whom I have had the my arrival from the voyage if the cable can be carried ire coasts there will be no ariaiag from icebergs. I have seen such fiords on the coasts of Labrador and Greenland,an island, because between it and the main short- of,Texasthere exists a regular belt or estuary of the sea, extendingfront the harbor of Brazos Santiago to Corpus Christ iIt ia not, as is generally supposed, a barren sea front of •and. but is rather a rich fermentation of pulverized shell and decayed vegetation Muscle shoals form in ripples of fresh water here and there along this cotst, which, being swept out to sea bytheebbtide,arepowderedupinto the smallest particlaa. These particles, mixing with driftwood and decayed sea weed, are again thrown upon the shorn of the island, aad here form a soil entirely free from grindstone sand, and peculiarly adapted to certain very useful purposes.But the peculiarity to which I desire to attract the Southern attention lathe adaptability which has made Padre Island a resort; for the initiation of those measuresworld.Storage for tanttore.P. UOULD3MITH, ithe land from which cued.they had bat ao recently been res-Padre Island, or rather Father Island, is called so fromAlso,tbeeasternsot teaChambers— Carpet Clock. Mirror*. A l «Enabsn Furniture. R.being the largest of a dumber of similarislands along theStair Carpet. Basement atd 1 peatuve.will be positive, rata or shineA UCTIC M MOTICR-PERSONB ABOUT MOTTRG WILL, A . find it ti toetr advantage to call at the MetropoUtan Ui- preaa, Bo. IU) Variek atrett and Noa 36 aao S7 Prtnee ssreeuI have asjo— for removing families in the country er etty. All k>ne* Of rich statuary .pianofortes, glasses Aa.. removed at our nsk Goods packed and stopped to every p« rt of tongulf coast of Texas, add is about a hundred and twenty-ver and copper ore.Tbe Forest King would sail aboutwhich1of vualifoto New Orleansin order to make popular a matter the South. To have boldly ventured ith negroes freshly imported from Africa would not anil have brought down upon the head of the Importer the" geance of the very philanthropic the snsthwass of the whole and negrophiUstB everywhere. To , however, into quiet places, eva- peuatty of the law, and the rant- ing of the thin stunned sympathisers with''Africa, was gradually to popularise the traffic by creating a demand for laborers, and thus to pave the way for the graaual re-viva) of the slave trade.the United States ship Cyane, last from San Francisco, where she bad been ta dock and thoroughly overhauled; The statements made ta several of the Ualtfornla papers, that tbe Cyane bad lost at toast half of her crew while be- ing repaired at Mare Island, are utterly false, as but eighteen deserters were reported, while we, in less time and with surely lees inducements for men to desert, lost nineteen, exclusive of four mar toes. Nothing new had transpired ta Mazatlan. In a skirmish between the libe- rals and church party, at EBquinapa, about twenty-five leagues from tbe seaboard, tbe liberals had been victo- rious.tion of articles drawn up in a spirit favorable to tbe go vernment, but violatingXbe preceding directions and he warned the editors that if they offended, they would be prosecuted with allthe rigor of tbe taw.AUCTION 8AIJb^HTWA^aLABS AMD EARTHEN, ware-HBNRY G BVABUwillaad,whhewtr-atrv*. ia )outo»nittheivsaUtradaveaTwansar.ABoaw.7,atlOo'eoc^ at 8ft Maiden lane, tbe entire StoUtof amataraeeatata) 'hey were again placed in boats and werem some of the innumerable little Islands which thicken en the waters of the Liguna in the rear.which distinguished him—those habits of study which raised him in point of legal learning to tbe topmost height of bis profession, and formed that style, so logi- cal yet so flowery, so brilliant, yet so subtle, which raised him to the rank of the best pleader before a jury to Ame- rica. Yet it must be acknowledged that the subject tost in Mr. Pertey'a hands. He is no rhetorician, no orator; his manner is the tameetof the tame, and bis voice so weak that he was not heard by more than half the audience. His speech is better fitted for reading than for hearing. He may be an upright, able judge or counselling lawyer, but he Is not fitted to shine in literary lire. Be talked or Cboato Just as we may suppose he would deliver his charge to a mrv in a petty case at common law.In the morning also the Psi Upsilon Fraternity, one or the oldest and best of our secret societies, held their Con- vention, and m-the afternoon their orator, tbe Hon. Ed- ward G. Parker, of Boston, author of the "Reminiscences or Cboato,''delivered an oration on "Statesmen and De- magogues,'1 in the College church, where we all so earnest- ly had hoped to have heard, at the same hour, the peer- less Everett. Mr. Parker's oration was brilliant and well delivered, but with little depth. It was chiefly a eulogy on the characters or Cato-, the censor; Webster and Clay.^HmmmmmtSUSS••"••i»'«r-iin nwrand good hearted. They o o f starvation. The sasa children are never whipped.Bad the Indians really entered the town, sacked aadbant it, I doubt much whether we could or would havehindered them, as Img as they respected tbe propertyand persons or our citizens; but, as tbe Mexicans badmade then believe that Commodore Montgomery would very popular ta tats . oT Mexico, and all that can becivilimd races. Itwillnoithis I bold to he the follow war has our government beeniBOBBS.S> w r an ,the AlpineVhtftSVar •, aad tt facility i of Ret-of Newfound l.thejmiahabunpopulerity of another foci,te those inAmerican* to b e wondered a t ? but.true: ear countrymeni countries, instead of iNEW YORK HERALD, SUNDAY, AUGUST 5, 1860.The people received my visit last.and illuminated the town. T h e 'the •»•!ing, and told sae,taadt" He luvited Mrs Shaflner tocartedhertoIdstwMdenae. Thebowseswerestoneaad ratrystrangersgensully,whiletheoldDutchboudoirs frame, aad covered irith state. It la not cold aaoagh formans lived in stone huto covered with earth, fully as aassthitIhavelivedinwhenTo this end a few men, bold and energetic, determinedten or twelve years ago to commence the business of tm-porting niggers, slowly at first, but surety; and for thispurpose they selected a few secluded places on the coastof Florida, Georgia and Texas, for the purpose of conceal- former not at all. This may have been owing in some ing their stock until it could be sold out. Without speci-fying other places, let me draw your attention to adeep and abrupt pocket or indentation in the coastof Texan, about thirty miles from Brazos Santiago. life down to his graduation from Dartmouth College. His Into this pocket a slaver could ran at any hourof the night, because there was no hindrance at theCol. Charles H. Norton, the young American who had LT>OST-ONso repeatedly distinguished himself, both s e a military fWS en the nighttbe Stat of July, a Purse, """en-iinr. a ; for $300, drawn by Major Ringgold, F. Alton, on the assistant Treasurer ataorUtent of fashionable Clothtag, c.mprtstng elott and e a _ - smere Frork, Sack and Overcoats; doesVin. and s*u- net PanU: sUk and satin V ~ of Fettof soil, surface aad climate, i entrance, aad here she could discharge her cargo ofsasvssbae upon the projecting Muff, and again proceed to moveables uponana inside of thi boors. The live stock thus landed could be abort distanos across the mam island,at die office of the 1i Hotel. New Tork.some sixteen years, aad have of several thousand miles JTand have for years served as President, sad alsoinherited from his father, who died when he was nine years old; and more especially that It was at old Dart- mouth, where be came an uninformed boy, be laid theThere is one thing inexplicable to me and many others. LOBT-ON WEDports than any other Mexican city, and yet American mg to the name of eriey- A liberal reward will be paid for money is at a discount or ten per cent. At Acaputco, an return by J< Aoams, W Bowery.lussaeaest.The cable will bet landed In Hamilton s inlet, latitude they are all probably distributed amongst the planters of His subject might better have been called "Thoughts same day, and was ordered to this ship by Flag Ofucernorth M deg. 90 miii. The line will then be run Southwestern Texas. It is said that this Importation suggested by looking at Webster's statue"—the -'monu- Montgomery.to the Gulf or to the river St. Lawrence, was made by a man named Forrest, sad as I happen mental bronze'' «o often occurring in the address—stand- country is roiling or hilly, aad covered with to know that such aa. individual Is engaged in she ing before the State House, Boston.OST—CpTJFOIf NO 5 72S. DUE OCTOBER I, 1338, FOR covered In three colored brocade, in pertact order; velvet andStri«ti*«.Hret M * mm flr"*Co«/fiwl,«>c,t><-.sflssmwisbsj rmmPT+'tffktCUt—Mdrtmiftkt*ws^r ^^^v^w^^w^^^a-w^we I rrortow and meratswx, etc, etc.amy Ism HsiUisil yen withta*detainof theIndian campaign near the city of Guaymas A petition signed by the American citizens sad leading native reel dents or that city was sent toBBSBBsFTgl9 sSifsat fiA SBVSBJEWV Vitsa #4ewsjMnwti*w>m (Bram m fmwar jimwasn i nFortieserenttoththne> oH»Dorp"alivewithagay inthepleasantandintellectual preur. fjtOf iiiiiiiiirswwiial week sad dayt, wDereon grass, u aa,quiet streets, whereon grass, if anything, TMThe exercises this year have not scan of Mist marked character for deep, absorbing and lasting interest that I have never failed to notice heretofore at a Union com mencemant. Tbe oratory and tbe poetry before the ve-nae'literary aad theological societies did not possess i line maintained In Green that tone and elevated character that one almost inva-i was started on board tbe Lancaster cf the cash contributions, whichof a hundred dollars, the ( tobeiran withfor prinvm (rrodvat tosrttbw, undergradlite- to prstect tbe fuejsHj aad nveawf m» inhabitants, In Afreensmagecaseorantavnatoafromtbebelligerents,who,sincemy Ciscointhese!'family. i the family to San FranICloud,assoonassheI'| here la of tang standing, aad understood ta aO its de- there. Sufficeittosa>.__, Glaaaasrf Mver War*. A.MORT1M—^lVTy_^Q"yZSmSTtS?*' **_A Dny "/ tHxappointmentu ttt Old Dartmouth—MimmrdEverettAUCTION NOTIOB-A FAMTLT DRCTJirnro HOTTSTB. keeplng will dispose of at private s*le their rosewood 7 oe-I the year beside, are lsre traipsed over by beautiful women, diehing men and frolicsome youths, all enjoying moat In snly the unrelsst.have only been held ta check and prevented from tbe perpetration of further outrages by tne presence of latasbip-from her trip to the The consular « \ as tt ts already welling —Never sinceraid to the contrary wl 1 not convince these people thattbe late futile attempts of Walker and others to filibus terise Sonora were not backed, or at toast sanctioned, by wgoroynrtrt. Wftfa tfan.tato bUowwalderjAioo tbeof the St. Marys, to the guano aflkir, and is thel?y___e_\sjrw_u 1 t"i*_r_f(aJ* i i _ Of •__• bsM_ Bssfinsw-BW_F\__Among other dignitaries present, we noticed Governor Morgan,Comptrollerbennistou.SenatorScott,ofSaratoga; Hon. K. M. Bluchford, of Mew York; Hon. and ex Judge Harris, of Albany: Judge Campbell, of Cherry Valley; Judge Potter and ex Judge Paige, ot Schenectady; Hon. S. B. Woolworth, of Albany, and many otheri.Gov. Pesquiem was following up bis victory with sue ried to [the lady at ner home, with the rttes of cessfulskirmishes,advancingsteadily,anditwasthought the Catholic church, be brought her in an Ame-At tbe private i OSWestBtoswafhsWst,Ueiwa-FifthandBa_arwuaea.TO-MORROW (MUNDAI), UMsTCHft«, UMU, At K»,o,aosk,Cauloguea and carta of arlintosesi can be bad at ouiAll said fumiture waa aude to order by Mwuto A 0 of thie city, for Mr. Whitney, only tost May, aad can be i on aafirsteiaas in every reaped The sale will on | peremptory en account of departure from the city.Costly Rosewood Pianoforte,tooVItoDtlieer W«AppointedAddrtm—Eulogy onthe lateConcert of the Gernuiniti Hti»«J—Order of Exercises, d"'-Yesterday was a day of disappointments. Edward Everett was too ill to deliver his address before tbe lite- rary societies In the afternoon; tbe people were also dis- appointed in Judge Perley's eniogy of Cboato, which he spoke in the morning before the Phi Beta Kappa Society. This dampening of the hopes of the numerous audience which crowded the church of the college to hear the ora- tion of Mr. Parley, of Concord, ex-Chief Justice of New Hampshire, was owing more to their high expectations than to any dninsss to the address. Everybody expected that, Inspired by the genius of the deep thinker, the profound, subtle lawyer, the large minded statesman,and warmed by tbe brilliant eloquence of his oratory, the eulogist would give us an oration commensurate with the subject—an oration distinguished for brilliancy, eloquence, splendor of rhetoric and for depth of thought and ana lytical discussion of character. The last two it had, tberal cause, aad to offer him material assistance in the shape not ta a n y w a y claim for those assemblies legislative Mirrors. Carpeta, Bureaus. Bedsteads, Redding, Table Chin*. of a million of doBus and four or five thousand well,;' functions—the government not intending to allow the Glassware. Ac. Will be sold at a great sanrtias Inquire atmeasure to tbe fact that the orator confined himself al- most exclusively to the first twenty-one years of Cboate'savenue.T OtT-AT COZZBNS' HOTEL, WEST POINT, ON WED toflu, at 13 o'clock, at the MBerksate ssubsna-, dew Fork, towCentra; Railroad Bond. Payment baa Wilton Carpets, rosewood saarbie top ltogv~e*. rosewood cen- tre, sofa itnd-pier Tables: two elegant pier Glassrs, with banes; damask aad rich lace Curtains. Fsmih Ibsdsi. fUrtasfa Chairs, timber, principally! ptoe, spruce and juniper. The turn to these shores, it is more than probable that my a concert, and for two hours charmed tne ears and hearts pairs. of which she stands sadlv in need. She coaled and OTBATED.-CAME TO THE PREMISES OF E. P wkh Lounges to match, lady'sftecretary. reception Chakn to brocade: elegant earved ruse wood Pianoforte, with solid pearl, for example in Newfoundland t n l the Southern and Western States of America. The line across New foundland traverses marshy and iminhabttod regions, wholly anknown to the world until a few years ago. whenI t was explored for fe* telegraph. onsaxLASD.breaks upon the Island.Mr. Singer has since bought a large Mexican grant whichcovers almost the entire island. He has also bought up bland scrip issued by the Texas government, and located that upon a portion of Brazos Island. This gives him al- most tbe entire command of the harbor of Brazos Santi-V7*IV«DCLX,Astore or hotel, a small box, containing worked hair. AsThe seclien of the; roate spatt known is Greenland, aad . ago, the only portion this coast from Aransas bay to Tam- althoagh that part if the country proposed to be traversed pico, a .tistsjuP* of Ave hundred miles, into which vessels2 The Advantages of Living in Periods Commonly interests were uncared for and unprotected by the gov (JjfT) BEWABtDn,—.-tLOfT ON FBII AT EVENING, Atttde, and that now ta about the tune of his regular re- At eight o'clock to the evening the Germanla Band gavecm the, lain, the United Sutos steamer Baranao.arrived herefrom Panama, on ber way tu San Francisco for re-trees are large, many that I saw being Alteon or acquaintance sad the recent importer are one and thetwenty inches in disaster at the base. There is same man. It is further said that he burned his vessel at of their hearers, comprising, besides those in the church,left again; the. night of the 14th inst. O ] Horst, 181 South Sixth street WUUamsbur?, one Mare and Many of the readers or the Nxw YORK HUBAID will re- Can. The ownerkian have die same by proving property aadkeys; Music Cabmet, Divans, I magnincent aeantel vsnea. Bronxee, marble groups of parlor Ornameatr, wah a noBBbec of choice sad valuable Pamtiags. ver-at and Wilton Carpeta, elegant < uandefiera, Ac. faaunsam All to r ana m aad aad ma- hogany, superb Bedsteads, large bah* Mattrvsaee, <reis-ug Bu- reau*, mare* Waswatonds. Ooawnoiea, SHrrnaa. Fronch toilet Beta, rosewood Armour, with Bsirre-r front. fUB-suh ebswihav; Purnftore. to velvet; eottsce sad other Chairs, arm Chair*. Sofa*. Sotabeda, B_togany Chairs, Gtorka, Mirrors, tngrai-c Carpets, Ac., wfQi a large quantity of good mahogany Furni- ture of every deacriptioa: Oilcloths, stair Carpet* and Rods,much grass where the country is open, turnips, pota- toes sad other vegetables are cultivated to a limited ax- teat. The tahabitanjui are mostly Esquimaux. They are cfvilmed under thekeachiags of the Memvtaa atsatoaa- rtea. There is a steltoh of the Hudson's Bay Oasasaay on Hamilton 4 inlet, about fifty milee from the sea. The coast la hdlv and barren. Fishermen from Newfounelaad are scattered along thet coast, and many are employed in Haanilton's inlet. Tfce cod .and herring nshenes ore the most proniable. The country is not Wl»~h settled. Tearei will be di&culties to be met in the construction it the line, and maintaining it across Labrador bat those difficulties will not be so great aaa large number outside.Today Dartmouth has sent forth another band of stu-awes. If not called for before toe i u ol August sy will be sold tp pay expenses.sea, and that the light of the conaagratiou was seen at Braces landing.collect that twice or three times previous to this I havementioned the frequent complaints against the officers ofthe mail department—be they consuls, mall agents orunderstrappers;aud now, again, have some of the employ es of the Mail Steamship Company been guilty or so.gross a piece of carelessness that 1 cannot pass it withoutcommenting upon it. The mail for the squadron, whicn York, by mail, and keep the coats for hie trouble.dents—sixty nve in all—to fill the places of those removed Padre Island is at present under the dominion of Mr. by death from the 4,000 sons who have already gone outSTOLEN-FRO^ PINE STREET TWO COATS, WITH (tank book. other Ipapers m tbe pockets, inelniiag a note of M. W. Dodd, past due and protested. The thief mav send tin* book and] contents of the pockets to W. K. Hyde, NewJobn V. Singer. John V. Singer is sixty nine years old, small in stature, bony sod muscular, with a strongly markedfrom her class ic shades.In consequence, the people have flocked in from allcountenance. 4$e is said to possess the will of a mule and quarters to listen to the exercises of the graduating class, the energy of a beaver. In 1849, in attempting to reach which were held ta the College church. At Dartmouth_ left New York on the 20th ofJune steamer, was despatch*ed by Mr. Corwin from Panama in tbe connection OtOPPED-A GOLD HUNTING WATCH. THE OWNER marble top Hall Stand, with all the Gas Fixtures m the souse.California with the rest of the adventurers, he was castupon Padre Island, with a wife and two children, a wheel they have no prises or honors during tbe course or atbarrow and spade, and ninety ••smooth dollapi." He was a fixture instantly, because he could aotgetaway. With a sailor's talents aa rettled, and in the first year earned hie living by making shingles from cypress togs throwncommencement; but the speakers on that occasion are chosen by lot by the faculty, except the first, second and third scholars, and the subject of each is assigned to him.Tbe first scholar is placed last on the list of speakers, the second scholar first, and the third next to the last speaker .The following is tbe, order of exercises —steamer to Acapulco, to be left in charge of the Consul, SJ- can have thsjaame by roving property and paying ex Sale at N>H o'clock precisely. Van Mr. Brunt, until ourarrival. But instead of carrying penaes. TOBLaS LTON I natham street.which have peon overcome In other countries— upon the beach by the Gulf stream, which constantlyIS RBWARD —L08T OR LEFT IN SOMEdrawing eight a£U utae feet water oao enter. Through preasionn m regard to the temperature of that | Grande valley mutt pas*:- and it is not an exaggeration tointertatiag ana wonderful country Whether tt is a oca- '• stfcus Rude will exceed $100,000,000 er numeroijBfctlandsextending: to the North Pule, siiy that in ten yyet to *e solved, ha the southern portion annnallv. lyered with grass and vegetation, | The peculiaritionfor farmingthe purposestoweringintotheheavens;'moat desirableI(neverrequires rain,thewa-GI-ATUAS, June 21, I860, j0.PersonalCharacter,asDevelopedbytheWarin Arriml0 Gitaymat—TXeIndianWar—TheMexicansLk i*IKBEWABB—LOSTOR8TOLRN.AlX>NOHAIRED GoutanHai-neaa.Catalogurnatthei with white glitter imiddayson disappears, leavingstock grazing,tor being but one vT two feet below the sor-face, to irrigate the roots, while the constant dews refresh the growth above ground. Mr. Singer has been success:!, in ratslng BraxUmo coUOtt tut four years fromIndia Henry A. Morrill, Danville, Vt.7. Self Knowledge, as Insuring Success. Charles E.Parker, Vergennes, Vt.8. The Possibility of a Nation's Return to Barbarism.«XJ black and tan coiore«l Sim. answers t.. the nans of Amono tut Jnhabttanti—Outrages of th? Indiani cm Ike of Ninth atreet. ma receive the above reward and thanks of,BjUSf** mdare barren ^ .^« ouuotratey k d a a d e . T h e f k - i - ^ ^ 3 , 1 8 c e n t s p e r p o u n d H e h a s a l s o g r o w n S e a I s l a n d e o t t o t l ty or thirty miles, doaae tt —^ac . y t , «• successfully, the product of which he sold at Galves-Monday. August t, at 10J, o'clock, at IK Franklin street, i«ner ot West Broadway the esnasBtts of a ik-nor store, eon- Mwipg of a genera! assortment of Lt-iuora, Counter*, Beac Pumps, ac.S A J . B O O A B T . A U C T I O M W J B B S - T T E S D A Y A C O . 7. at U»?, o'clock, at the aaattoa rooam. No. 1 North Wii-oiiacmtias,at adepthoffrom i a re^miable calculation toam wa m^»eBBwa*ssw*^^» ^^TM"^*^TM^^ • • *• TM —-U.GewgefMepbenson. FrederiekJCbsan,H**>.ver•.18. Tbe Oppressive FcrtUltv of Nature in the Tropics. Albert 8. Btefcmore, Tenant's Harbor, Maine.19. Candor sad Charity Chareftorittics of tbe True Be Vaola J. Hartshorn, Amherst.». TheRhine. CecUFranklin F. Bancroft, Mewlps- wicL *21.' Maoaulay and DeKJuuicy. George H ChanHer. Con-ancy, smtil on Friday, June 16, the Mrvleans had suffered a defeat, which put tbe Indians in possession of the Ysjui Pass, a well situated, and, for defence, well adapted fort, With several field pieces. This turned the scale ia favor of the Indians, and ever since they have slowly but surely advanced towards tbe city, the doom of which would be inevitably sealed should u fail into tbe hands or this warlike bat savage tribe. Every male who is able to bear arms is joining the Mexican forces, whicti f i t now ensconced iu tbe last taterveamg psss.aaafor-A patitjonbyall American residents, ss well sa bytbummtpromiMntatlnamofaBs^nwa.satsbfl hiisMjIbM, feaVwi BBOBlgtBBsrTj to sgidong rV» -t»T f *rTf days, to await tbe ftsrtber use* of the Bsmihigcrista, smi ta case the city should fall into tbe ssmdi of ts*||§Bxkmat, a, Pe**etbook, enmatning aboa'. ta watossse 'leowner. R.H. Fosteris written y retumtug the sameto BAIDER. > l a Pear; street, and they will. ON THURSDAT EVENING.f!rem the Wawabester ttome to Iof Teek <*hp, a double ease baastnrshed. Tbe aader thereof wiilre -tearing the same at Joseph M.Dtotof^Rono^m^aeA^n^ Olaa*. Ac . a - - ,B_*rS7th *tr**t, aatoonfsmd bar Ftstorm, saw guwady. Wtona, Buggy W**_wa, ac. jXTOTKnK-AaTwUULM_tTIJiaOWTHE OOUGHLIM noon, A *oa<*y*t lo»ctaob)p, M, to attend dw rwasra! ofv;urrrgPNEW TORE IOCATES nrnjL M A evnanBsj. toe Ota hsstant. atMsm at9oefcekT Tbe mesBbara are r*aitoexrattendance,andaretsrrwadtobti v,ho«ywuhtounae ^ ^ g ^ ^ j ^TTETRRAN CORPS Of TBE aWATB OF MRW TOBE. V^Tntownrof Vm%wttbati tosa-uaatoi SSBBI„«et, sSTt, o-sls«b^>erW j - TM - ^ , A.W. JOMMssOoi»P»aa. The soenerythe owner. . |REWVRDi-LOST AUGUST s. A BLACK AND white spotted carriage Dog, answers to the naaae of N ! e* l l l ! yv . . T h e a b o i e r e w a r d w i l l b e p a i l t o t a e p e n o u t h a t r e -turns the dog to the owner, a; 2*i TlK_Beon atrett.--ni* and mountains,i the same stalks, and the product he sold In CkttVCJton at Daniel W. Sanborn, East Kingston. Man-Pet ma and Property of an American Family—The Gm- sular JHffintlty-ir-A Kortl American Wedding, die., etc. A few days mil brought us from Mamtlan to Gaaymaaon the Kli of June, whose we found everything ta tbeton at v° c e a t B P*r aaead- Bogar cane has matured thir- carried the telegraph sable, as tndi ; tTsrxrtwrlf to "»gth. twenty-nine feet high, and two The water ts very deep, aad BO iee | inches tathiBtaBB* uuri, **?** potatoes and onions:;v The Classic and Christian View Of Nature. Little ^cit Boscawen.ttam street Monsage Sato of etogaat rosewood partor Furni- ture rosewood Piano, French plate Pier Glass, rosewood Par- lorSuU. roaa-reod Wardrobe with ptow gtom, Btogere Gasnot. Into one of the hords which ,11. iff* WCf**3 cf Excess. George Pierce, Jr Marble-h*12.'A*Truly (X'tivated Mind the Most Reverential. a civilised place—and as such tbe people of Guaymas? Ufc*. imfiniahedTThe above sum wil be paid the rmder-attt Chandehera, Panvinga, rosewood Bsdainnd. Brassasi aad Vel-or go for ap theirdo not freese. except ta« stillwater. Acable canbyeasily of these Herds, andbe well secured agates* watlvetee, in Asaerica and on the beltsSta.the ssse is to -it will be ia the southern of Cape Farewell. The par-•ieeastai,_not IWBJ IT****, w«»JSi1grow in tbe wildest abundance. Anothersonrcaofwealthto be found on the islandiswouldhaveusconsider it. TbeIndians,whohave for a Elmstreet,intherear. •*•l -*A-Utr. vetCarpet*.CwetotasnanCmaman, Boaaer*. Bedsand Bad- ding, rosewood Centre Tabirs. laage Pier Glnas, as.; one 1longtimemadesecretattacksand covertinroads on the arm BEWAJJD -STOLEN OR STRATED. JCLT SL aetovarsnsosdPtonoandStoolofislandrenders R and forbbanghai fowls, one fisadsnmi fboy si ~feaiedat 1'aoui filter— (Vnaymtw Under Arms—Panic FSMtJ Whcsoelerretnrosthes-s»?to7WBroaaway.eorner JOHN II. BUBLET. ACCTIOBBRB, WILL 8BU-. OJt,r enBMat the tormmntton of Laguaa Reach, George Parker, Jr., ^"' f ' ,tbe wavesin breakingover 13. Benefits Coaftrreo Upon Cora tbe beach. At this point,"in a high wind, the oreekers Science. Oscar A Hale, QI K' W, HI.property of the city of Guaymas, id lis immediate vicini- X L U trom slOOTaad street. s>; orange- cud white Setter Due The tmddr wiU receiTo _e above reward by tearingJOHN W. SOMRRIRDVEE, Atewaey for 1 VJrrsf. WTTTRBS, AUCTTOWRBR. WTU.ff dayiStondsy)..at2o-etosk,attotOanalstaaae,alltonAc., ofalargehouse—PartoeJbUns,easar*Tahtoi.laneandother -roll over the coral beds and spread over a wide extent of lowland. AstikewindsgoHon,andas the wavesre- Mke, large qaanttticB of this saline flood continue upon the low lands,and beteg evaporated afterwards by the sun,ty . and of late become more daring in their expeditions, haveatlastbrokenoutintoopenwarfare. Several hard battles bare been wen and tost on either side, and ithtoat-eabovei number. Any per-ori retatatng ban after thisadverttcemeni*u:bedealtwuhaccordanttolaw.U M M W K B W . ! p n r i » Mlt« HBLL. tit) Grand street.called Calamitous. William A. Thompson, East Windsor em meat ships.tp«- Black and! Tan Terrier Dog. cropped ear?, bang tail, JOSEPH H W I M d N ^ C T l W J J ^leather collar on. The above reward wulbe paid bv reluruing said dog 10 Nf £3 Front street. At %ii o'clock A. M„ *t S5 Willow street, between Cranberry^ ana Orange streets, Brooklyn$5 BEWABD-LOST, KEAB HEMslTEAD HARBOR. A general asaortmeci of parlor, chamber dating room aad Long Island, a white Setter Doe, with jrtnoo culorad Utefeen Fmi^toxravan eareelsBmMntwnsd Piano aad Swoi.ears and & SftUaii of the same •>?*• r ou,- ejrt-. "ftp above re- fine Reerartogs, Paintings, Books and Fancy ArUciea, ono ward m»y be had by returning bun ;.j 57.' Hudson street, cor fiAes Hydrometer for tasting hejiaw*. w _ Uoaktsn* Oban. net- of Hammond] street. " delien-. one tlkorough bred Newfoundland Dog, *)9. The Future of Hungary. C h e s t e r , C o n n .John B. Griswold,Charlesby American Always Progress- George B- Brooke.14. Motion Not Ml*OT?Poen^TransUiooalForms# C.Morse, NortbHaverhill.Thought.18. The Good aad Bad of "Young America. Arthur would be hard to decide which party was ta tbe ascend-and crystal salt extending tittie, West Boscawen. _ ._._BEWABD-LOST. ON SATURDAT. THE 4TH CiarwdBBvPBano.vermTapS^ J^ ^ - - j y ^ g ^ ^ f y" f tTbe Field ofAacient and Modern Oratory Comaared.of ManaSourceof Ralph J. Middieton,tarnlMmilBevolutious. ErodeaT"isBBWasUMsa wei^cw »by tbe ability of tbe pieces of Hays.H. A Morrill, C. F. Baa-restOa tbe former OTL.L.D. Tonightail who may seek refogeLather »„>,„.Untitled Documentthat he would soon be enable'l to bring his opponents to advantageous terms.rican Schooner, within seven miles of Guay mas, and our chaplain, the Rev. Mr. Louis, re married the couple according to the rites of the Episcopal Church, After the ceremony i splendid collation was set oat, and seen after tbe schoon never before freighted with aOur presents at Guaymas thus being made superfluous,AT. AFTERNOON, OORWKB OF Mamtlan has a larger direct intercourse with American t Forsyth and Gi streets, a white Poodle Dog, answerBook No !&,** of the Manhattan Savtoga Institution. trying to get at the true cause for some time, but have as Whoever wiU return it to Vt Grand street will be liberallyts carried en directly with San Francisco, our money LOST-COMING FROM KIXOSBBIDGE, ON THUBS should be worth so Utile? And when you get Mexican day, a hair Bracelet with braided hair in the clasp. Any gold you have to take an ounce at $16, the worth of which one iretaratag toe same to i l l Fourth street will be paid a sta more southern ports is but f 15 20. There is something jtM rz—:G. HOBTON, AUCTIONBBB, WILL SELL, ONTuesday. August 7. at 10 o'etoek A. M at the corner of Tbirueii street sad Xteventh .avenue, by vinae of a cbstiri mortgage, M large Tubs, now wwd ta a vinegar maanfaesary.."rotten ta Denmark."The United States Consul to Mazatlan, Mr. Ed. Conner,G. Coliseum Roane.- ou Friday, August S, going fromtook passage with us to Acupulco, where be expects toWeskawken ferry] through Forty-second street to Ei«bth J. 1% MilEELER, i«3 weal Fifty-third street.LOST—ON TUESDAY AFTERNOON, ON OB MFAR Thirtieth street and Ninth avenue, a Cameo bracelet. 1 be Under will bebbe. ally rewarned by leaving ft at tbe odice ot tlie Manhattan Oil < ompax]. 16 Broad*ay.OilLOST—TESTERDAT MORNING. (SATURDAY. > A j Pocket book, containing about S20 in sold and bills also several paper*, which are of no me to any but the owner. Br returning the same to No. 45 Dey street, up stairs, the Under wllll receive a suitable reward.out these instructions, the mail bag was carried to Santranciseo, ignoring us altogether as or too little accountto be token notice of. Tins mail may contain importantdespatches for the flag officer. It certainly has importantR E W A R D S ,TTENRT GRBBB. ACCnONEBB-STOBE BO. 1M WTL- JJL liam atreet-WU! sell on Monday. August 6, at lDi* o-cleek. at Brooks' Old Star, M and SS Liapenard street, to eopaeqnsBSf «f ta* building coming down- thoe wbnte of tkw valuable collection of Engraving* Cnrlsnkiri, FlXtU-SB*the mouth of the OakSuits of Drawing Boom Furniture,French Consul, visited tbe ship, but could not be saluted, sa Is customary, on account of tbe serious illness of Lieu- tenant H. Rathbone, United States Marine corps, who now, however, is convalescent.General leave on snore was given at this place to our crew, and as It was tfhe first in thirteen months, it is notNPier and Mantel Mirrors,Rosewood Bookcase iThe entire population of Lower California is "liberal,"and taking advantage of oar return visit to Mazatlan, theydespatched their Governor, Don Hironimo Amador, totake passagewithus,inordertoconferwiththeGover- lutton.; 2.Intreating oftheattributes oftheProvin- tavePiano,costMOO,forS3AO,IncludingStoolaadCover.Par-equipped men.We left In Paz July 1, spending our Fourth at sea, andProvincial Diets to share in its legislative pewer. 3. They must hot in any way place in question tbe absoute unity of the Empire, especially asregards the relations of Hun- gary and tbe provinces formerly annexed to Hungary with tbe whole monarchy. Finally, tbe Director an-70 West Twetay-sixth street, near Sixth avenue. cars and stage* pass near the hows*.Sixth aventtnalthough the whole distance from La Paz to Mazatlan isbut 180 milee, we were nevertheless four dars making thatshort run, owing to the scarcity ot coal, light head winds,4th of July and contrary currents. At Maaathm we found nounced that t b e Minister would not allow tbe publica-AUCTION NOTICE-BITRNH AM'Fpress and Peeking elshUshmesit,Blevetith street between Fi'th and Sixth avfuratoxre of every aawadastoa boxed and aMsssd to ofthewerU. Furniture of families removed with UL Storage for furniture.E x - Westtntrd street.AUCTION SALE OF RRADT MADE CUJTHING, AC.— A. M. CRISTALAR, auctioneer. Mo. B Bowery, wul sail OF STEAMER NORTHERN LIGHT, on Monday, Auguet 6, at 10}, o'clock, a large and genera, aa-A N DF O l J g :D.waovet totheaaUssweemfarsenirasasenc a general assornwent of Crockery, GainGlssaware. Goods etrefully rspaehsrt for ampptog. positive.Governor Hironimo Amador, of Lower California, will the ring byreturn to La Paz ta the United States ship Cyane, which vessel left Mazatlan on the 11th. from La Paz to proceed to Guaymas, where she has been ordered to remain untilrelieved by one of the other vessels of the Bquadran. „ XJ nasdav, August 1, a valuable sapphire finger Bine. Pawn farm belonging to the estate of the tats l a i n F. O'Rourk*,season having set in earlier and more boisterously than usual.sa>. 'Fifty dollars reward ia offered for lis recovery. ApplyLOST.—A LADIES- MOSAIC BBEASTPIH, (DESIGN THEHANLSOME HOUSEHOLD FTJBBfTOBE AT PUBLIC UUCTION,be wined by bis family, now on their way from the United avenue. Being a keepeak? the tinder will be amply rewarded. Bv J. W. PORTER, Auctioneer, Monday, August 6, com-States.We arrived at Acapulco on the 11th inst. Tbe shipVictory, or Boston, is here discharging coal for the Pacific Mail Steamship Company. The yellow fever has totally vanished, one of the last victims being one of our men. Richard tain, a native of Syracuse, N. Y., who had de serted from this ship during our last stay nere in May.Mr. George E. Law, Master United Slates Navy, was attached to the United States ship Cyane, and reported for duty.on board that vessel July 6. Lieut. John G. Mitchell, United States Navy, reported for duty on tbemeeciugat KM* o'etoek precisely (rain er shine of tne enure t-let-act rurniim <• and beautifnl Works of Art rontalaed ia the large dwelling No. 21- Wen Fourteenth street, between Seventh and Eighth avenues, all of whtei will •» sold without reserve, and must be removed immediately from the pre- mise*, comprising a very large and elegant aaoortmem of everything essential to a fashionable and costly furaiabed resi - dence, in rosewood, oak and mahogany. Salt will commence m tbe dming room , wnk rich Stiver Ware, of Ranars Brothers* manafacture*. Urnt^f asters. Spoon*. Fork*. Cake BaaAet*.I mmg Seta, superb French and Bahsmlsn Cbtoa, erystnl c it Giasa, ruby engraved Glass Ware, ivory aaxl pearl Cutlery. French Forcelain, elegant extension Table, witu oak dining room Furniture Parlor*—Twortchl carved rosewood Parlor i-uts,L$35, from Illinois beep stopped.letters for many in the squadron, and ell were anxiouslywaiting for it on account or the political aspect of affairs' the;hair is that of k decease't relative, it is very much prized aad Coonwrs, Pewters. Bus-tiers, Olssses.at home. Should Panama be left at any time without one by {the owner. The tinder will receive the above reward and the!thanks of the owner, by leaving it at No. as Day street, upSAnd Casks, Ga* Future* and Ptotog,flsneka.Mirror*.Old Building Matoria), Doovs, Saanes, Sswda, Ws*e~ CtoBeaj, Ac ii Iso the stock of SfAW ptW—Msvaas stosar*, Idoaar*,Ac. Now en view- _______-——-——-—---—--1. Washington Irvrig—The Forerunner and Representa-tive of American Literature. Daniel G. Rollins, Jr ., Great of the vessels of the squadron be ing there, a great hue and stairs. Falls. cry would be raised by this soulless monopoly that theirIkT SM. ON AUGUST 20. MAST SMITH.•£laBo.llEIGHTHortomantoa6faat7. sanatbeto ««wl « » * • ass iTstanr isMtosstlB aad pnee, F- L , bog-fomamrnj-- ATFCKJC AUCTIOI.taetsgami•WW aSBBfllMHhM U IOU. n^raS*OakManetlP0?Moaday,' Mom w«t(To,atFTTBRTTUBE U l aad J U of tbe societies.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 