 10AFF AIRSNEW YORK HBRALEk MONDAY,' APRIL 30, 1860-TBIPLB SHKBT.1eyVrfe to relate these whs Wewiilttose thtowb*Asa*doubt. 1 thtok, perly osndncted em igra'wn there COOiie trtrV to not tho entry tag ef and bonest t e njectten to It still < Eras «* kidknapptog,It now oscd ft teccBCBBIBB FlBB*[Frost I Yesterday«~TrsyFor th* Brat itow, as attempt wat Itto execution, and the i twees tbe <of mob tow snd ths I was thrown toto a i •very otbor topic wan 1IH EUROPE. aBHTMaL OT TEE YtlDEHBIlT.rsOrfrveit asasMs« the baH goers.•iptomacy.mbeusytof titsbe* » • * * *• 8for the prassmbyO-urwjawmw•^BawawLcndon, Part*and••re,Berlin*"* "d 'P l» more bosses*tuts fashion The He*, j Mrs, .Neodls wiU have a breakfast st two o'ctoek, aad a I lAnunt wui be give* by lady Cntcaper, vrMto tb*I Duchess of sVtckstotrs will grra UM bail Bet thM to a division of labor UM Partstaos has* sot ar- rived at They are tttQ simple enough, aad thtok UM day too garish for dissipation, and that tbe night should be left to the enjoyment of its prwawtoltoa myato rtos. 80, as I ssal before, there to aasstnte strife sad rivalrybetwxtUMvslsavasatcaterersadtheTcSnptnary, The oawabfltty of totbiwag fts most msetoas drfaks to as- oaaavUy limited; UM gay crowd must lad ass** restatgof herpebey-tf that oaabaoaBed poltey whleb totab- j e n t o the ehsagtog tossotost of orwry day aad onary koar-to have ber mast secret thoughts, bar disappetotpeople are arriving, beaded by tbetr corby drums and sotor* Voting tickets to favor efranee, sad bearing "the tosertotioa '« Y et," tten to Fraaee, aad bearing Utottelrhato. Perfect order prevail* Toting 1n aTtet)t>«vs L*nd*m Cem^tw^rlnmnm, Umam, April U, ISOT.The MmttemAt one o'clock P M to day, out of tho total number of~ '"rf\_ * _ _Ja* ef Ivew Bat-7,W 0 voters, 6,060 had already registered their votes. Tb* news from aba ne>gnb*Tin* ootsmnaea It excellent Taevoting» favorofanaexattoatoFraaeetonaanimoes. Tbe Paris Pstrtesays:— The report that General Obangarater bad satiated tb* t i m t m d of tb* Mr Heaps |g< ran*.The Patto ftobds asm tbttet that tb* Weaaatatn „meat had resolved to observe an absolute neutrality, aad to confine Itself te the defence of He ownpart says that to teare for China oa the 26th of thisNiot, Monday, April l«, 1160. Tb* retult of th* ballot oa UM annexation of Nice winbe known thto evening. Some of the inhabitants are sign tog a protest agatom UM conduct of Gari Midi to tb* Sar dintoa Par liament. L—. /^ t s n v f April 16, 186*. Tb* cession of Mtoe to Francs was an absolute necessity for Piedmont, to order M obtain from Waashmn 111 UMguarantee ef Lnmbardy and UM Duchy of Parma.This goarastee appears M be expressed In a secret arti- cle of the treaty of tee 24th 0' March tost, relative to thetf Ifain— Bdjiu*. t if OMMHA, flte Awrvvt.: i f Qmg*wPrtriitmi -Mr. OU&tom't S*pr*p*f tf Dawteet— tf Summer* Delrxtn Lnerj-jd and SewSuamtXtsUfe—TkeOempo, l b s , Consul for Great Britain; O H Perry, fxcttrment. People did iif/Ac FUtt, 4c.hostue feelteg to Fro*ce towards angtead to coa-Consul for L'niMd States; R Oartowttz, Esq., Consul for Prussia, Saxony, Ac ; J. des v. Vaudernoeven, Btq., Consul tor Netherlands: Honor Orbeta y fluerbegaray, Consul for 8pam; T. C. Lttlte, k*q , Consul for Portugal; Bobert Jardine, Ksq., Consul for Denmark. W I. hrj- aaa, hbq.. Consul for Belgium, vValdemar Ntomn, Ksq , Consul for Bant* Towns; O Orae, Fsq., Consul for Swe- den aad Norway; and other foreign representatives atwas arantotted at Charleston, oHecnan aid Stycrs bottle had merged in the fugitive slat* oa* endtoBOtyet,CharieaNalte.tbel excitement, was s i"borough, tat Culpepper no October, ISae*, whan Pattree to Columbia, Pennsylvania,b < Move la,., wtii. call between New Tork and Galway. hihited. and rags, therefore, are cheaper than they wouldTbe trst cabm esres, I uuierstaad, are to be fifteen toeighteen guineas, ^ d UM stssrsfs fares seven guineas,acd is be booked to or from all principaltewsji in. the United Kingdom, with th*mH»ites»e#»«ppto§ st Ctoiwsv ;„ .j„i joomev thrs way, and having frhe if in France exportation were allowed. But as Bel oerevtBian fluid being still on the Increase, they are wryIt it stated in a letter from St Petersburg that tbeBtav ttoat^ernm^ntbatasnetienedthe statutes of tbe comf «fJ»' * « by r3i to I rverrwolTXoado»,.or other Bug- h l « n A * l k . V . . . iwtt avwss. 1 congratulate; ymir grant eommerclal em- lb-— aWB...Petersburg and Antwerp.U Jules Coignet, the weD Itnows lsndtetpe patoter, andp«vrinai en the ^T ent of s new line of steamers, WAh fore him at the haijanstra •:. is about setting to, I aha'J expect to sea^ « e * s ^ H e * « c o i a e back towards tbe last of June, acting aad atogtog ar* toaattable. Tne audience was toJohnBomnt-rfeld.JFowlerJae<t->tt » Motbrraall/Tnot back:aftertbethirdimmersionheooneenud -w*»at .cco.omtoijondesoendstotingatH00aa!£kt.Sigaor Mitesand cUCd, P Fardy. mifc and eld d, P Hermann, CH«r once taken on board (in his wet clothes) a ft rt.^i ehip i .t.g'ini is farmed, sold outright, for tnros je*rt,ttMar.ysnhyattohafdaurvg abevo all otbor Ibin^ tohas, if tbe records of bto bh*b tpesk eerrontqswwN-TM n aor sunny Italy.,lm,e bottleJohn,Unts, « n r aHavana-H Cpman. Bremen; Chat Alders, Chas Henry, Ikes W MeOowan of N, T T ^SA V ASNAH—Stearnthip Mrs Gray Mite B " Curth, J H Mulltn""?'if*^" tn*'ASM, aarfl u , iseo. *a» swat Athjaimaw.4_guard of booor to reptoee the Piedmontet* *Z***TJS1 Villa de Orestlt, and that ber Majesty accepted a s entras they are. caatt wm Mm tasd. *""*NoErour.tooktotheti^e;othera,csiltogfortummaiT vengeance General Treril, sometime Itintotar at Warj ender Iosto on^dsstaroiy kidnapping; and finally, eigbteen kidnap PLUippe, •«« afterw aide tntor to the Count departs, aw*That kidnapping has been atsnatoad of old by the Chi OnTuesday, April S, ate. atacready,i!!!!!i^&^!?-Jl*£?l,,B0, *'•massively rare" oa gtan. wbo tin reoentiv baa resided mlboard ooohe ships ;to also a fact. Kldnapperf teen have united to marrtogs, at tbe ebrorch ef 8t John.r^BditptKf, sboald be prectosly the rood oa wbioh 1 ioersfsr, sot yet out of coaosn with lbsissttbr taryengagementstoservetoUmnavy for seven In order to facilitate this UM height reqatrod for 1*IUssan D B A, whto,.two ehildron and servant O . .J j y * • -»w*aa\W • Jwka*Mt BPCoroy,ts ijTC J w1 aaroeJ ittotoriflarCampbell, rpsand.Katy.csmmHIedhy lard J*k> IbatosH, that «£"'•""•J'£..newe tamos* r mMrs.Maeoawd^j,4^w^%mn^.^ ^Highflyer bsj asw^ e p vttb two otter 6wwwfert,had ..ji.n. .tf bia abomtoabto "Bine look." Ihlact,»w*sE0BBO&BLetter ftsmCsttna* t nttomB of Sons* of the Treatment nam OjosatbaurgTbe Csino Oatmafaat of Feb. UdepoeitiOBS of kidnapped eoebee, wbs werereleased, which gives a frightful picture of the practised by those sagagoi in tbe oor.lie tesde.BOSMOB* were taken before the Gevtraor Geaeral, andtheir truth cannot be doubted, particularly when ocrrob. orated by the testimony of a gentleman who hss resided several yean at Macao and bnt bean an eyewitness ts theUltreatment to which eteoat art subjectedtotb* Macao barraooens.We publish, withont comment, the letter from the Al- lied Comtaanders in Chief to tbe foreign ooasubv body at Canton, calling their attention to tb* subject;—CACTOK, Jan. 13,1MB. 6. de Fronqnelye,Consul for Franos;C A. Win-Ibswrostber nasi 'ilMswto jttot»m r^toak niath«-«sa; '.heir days are to he merged!* hers, aad there •Tbevottogbycrowdt are dopeto mmktttoi, andto -»,.-..hvgo majority for annexation-iZ w .v- / . vulrar In the dark on ;ry U*r«'4n0ut my tody's eaamber. Is Laawssi iss day W | 10 keep UMnaMtsfaaM* volgat in tb* * * *KM Netih't oio gun tutt ho used in his boynood—"an tnvnation, and the oftcaUeu ulgoity of Mrs Looguevitlea»'n' rraturer " Be makes te-nbie havoc amjug Um Clarke wnl llare np forthwith. "What! Urree la.iips, latimioity of M. ne ScLitni'z, be came to Berlin about a •oimight ago, tad by bis urgent representations hadsort of tbe committee in reference to a petition of some utbabrants of the Northers Province of Savoy, reqnest- isg liberty ssd Istltme in voting upon tbe questwn ofor to obtain farther information from the wuoetses themtcrvts, we have SAncttonea their temporary cetea-spot f?r tbe soles of its feet.tlesefantght to not assy Maesompssh—so thsre to rashV tog for It bat to foL'ow Mrs Highflyer's plan, and toss cp for ther*i with half a dcten other ladies X kmf parses, spacious Mbw sad hesigaaat sympathies.Mrs. fltetosr, an American tody, hsasatatoeda considera- ble aothf rity ever aimer hall givers by UM formidable re- storer* she devswpes to respect of UM sinews ef war.-•Bang theexpeuse,' she chivalrone!y exclaims, "Ihavenet crorsed UM Atlantic for nothtog." B UM choicest towers, tbe best muwc, the most cool ilirrtng champagne, UMloveliest ystes ds /ofet, groi et swadoas •** tntffes,pire, or foreigners, to give„evidence ou the various duties which, in fairness to tne prmclple offfroe trade, may be levied with equity on the various articles of commerceThe funeral of Gt-neral Ditu took place yesterday. Gen- eral Anvitey it also dead.time. Some young men having attained the enviable proficiency of twilling six seidels and upwards at a ait- ting, others, or course, must needs try to Imitate them, but got so overpowered with the strength of their pota-Maw tt»a this* srloar parmakes them appear inFIM. Whatfarm toe awaks ttnatamntt> wili SSSUBM, ft to sow impossible to say; but If forgeons lights and spacious halls, caa wto to strengthen his position, which to seriiualyWe have the honor to forward ror your in- drea of hit are retiltog tin eesswa of Savoy and Nice. Fronts bat, however, re- formation aad consideration copies of a communication since be came to BsndUks, to ttwill be a war before many months, I probtbte. Tolkicg with a dtotinguiatedfuted to guarantee to Piedmont UM other snnsxod pro snd rls enclosures, from bit Kxoellency Insn, the Governor resided in tbe family ef Mr Crosby Ocaaral tt these provinoes, to tho Allied Comnusstonert, weeks ago. Since that time he "bar of rirrtir-T*. Y i - " ' - — "There wiM be war be- Great Britain tod France hi leas than twelve ,, hot net hi lent than eta." Of course tbe ©pinion of one todlvtosat nay be worth tittle; bat there to a Tory general sentiment to that direction, and it Is based on statttor antes that preceded 3abattopol and 3o!ferlao. It to seal te be part of the programme to nave the poor Pope I* either to Bftaln or Aoat.la, and young Bombs tike iamong bit royal friends ui tome part of toe Ser-vo* the upheaving BOW gotrg on in Naples and SicilywtB anneal every potentate south of the Apennines, ex :eptand UM Pope, and the liberate blame him Cor not taking more decided steps to tbe Hessian question, and content- ing himself with diplorratis notes and remonstrances instead of resorting to UMargummtunt ad gosunem. One of Uts most active of bit adTersariet is the Duke of 8axe- Ooburg, who is very much looked np to by the popularparty, aad who bat acquired an influence over UM Prince Regent which is perhaps enhanced by the contrast his lively and excitable temper presents to the slow* andSvvltxe.rln.nd a n d S a v o y .Basin, April 16, I860.sated tbe 6th instant, u questing ths Allied Commanders to Chief to ao viae him aa to the meatures best oaloatoted to eOsot ths suppression of thocarried on aa thto hat latelymost Injurious to the character snd interest* of the roreign community.We also taks this opportunity of placing before yon the depositioBS of loo men, wbo have lately been brought away from certain ooobs receiving ship* at Wnampoa, tamely, the American ships Messenger, Pioneer, Governorcoachman by Tri Gilbert, Esq . of thtt eity. thirty years of age, tall md quite tight omnp good looking. He to salt to have been aa i faithful servantpit-tents ber enamelled features—and very artistically is that operation pt riormed—and bows and smiles anJ prof- ftrs bt-r hospitality with charming humility. Hut let someouced an active change In nit views; be was enraged atthn fe.iidilit.ei-f. an! pusilaniuiity of the court ef Vienna, ana oincc iben he has been agitating with all bis might toing UM Military Adm ntstration, to about an be replaced by a French general, a friend ot General Lnmonelere.B a r i l l a 1*.Tuam, April 14, 1S60.set deserving of full reliance, we should Inform you thateach wtteest was examined separately snd out of thehearing oi hit companions, and it it not easy to see whatObject the majority of tbe wltnseeet oeuid bar* in fabn-aaihig fait, boods after they bad once reacquired their women kept shoutfeg, cry ing. and by loud appeals excit-•v*t«cn to war. Be knows the t alien ot shopkeepers, an 1 i»«coi>d rat* person, whom, as bmiuere use marble, ^Qe counteract the intrigues of Austria at the Federal P!et,Kwi m*II motto la Sbakap-re's, &ay leg thai "The still »ow i-as invited to fill up, a»k permission to bring another atd to form a l-'ague of tbe constitutional States of <5erliberty. But in oase some of your body would wtoh toing tbe colored person? assembled.KBU tie cvowd grew in •nanaer*. Wagons halted btfiont of tbe locality, and were soon piled wttbAn alarm of are waa founded. aad bote earringthresgh the ranks of men, wiwn** aad boys: bnt they « closed again, snd kept loekhv wrtb expectant eyet at to* wincow where the negro was visible. Meanwhile angry *}Several paper manufacturers of EBSonnes, Antroulitrne tions that they had to bo dragged off into smblet or4c.havepublishedaddressestoUseMinisterof•ommerce against the exportation of rags. They nwtm^ that the export of rags, even on the payment of high duties, wouldshedsprovidedforthepurpose,wheretheywere left to sleep off their Intoxication. Many brewe- ries of Bavarian beer have been established In the suburbs with various success, bat tho above mention- ed bock bat hitherto kept up it* reputation. Recently, however, a company has been formed on shares, with ato run, cow oa the ocean, for their tonnage, and toeritably cause the ruin of the paper manufacturers inThey ran for just shout sua hah* of the expenseof fuel that It ti!u* to carry on a service with vessels litethe CRy of Manchester. The first steamer will be theGolden Fteees, which loaves Liverpool on Friday, the*K£d of May, and she will be followed every alternate Tues-day by the Hydaawee, torn Indiana and the Jason. All of purchase them, and that in consequenoe the price would tt.ese steamers are to stop at Galway, for from six to»^lve boors, to take oa or discharge pMutagen, sad than*>*7 pisaibiy stop at Halifax or St, Johns, bat 1 do notFraace, inasmuch as It is only by the prohibition to export that rags can he obtained st a price which enables modpaper » be made cheap. They ac"d that English, German handsome capital, for the avowed purpose of opposing itMr C Mokmqnet, Master Motenqust, Mr BLapoto, Mr. P La- and asked if I was willing; I refused again, an ' was tent pele Mr Leon Haven. Mr F Tngte, K O, Mr Jasast MnrrkLPtreonnl IsttelllgencttAustrian and Du»ch papermakers would, to tbe case of rags being free from an export duty, come to France toTbe ex Minister Baron Menu-.ffcl it one of the principal shareholders, though a cha-itable Israelite it kind enough to lend bit name to the un. ertakios. They have built a large brewery, wrtb extent.', e cellars, satoont and saber accommodations, oa the same hill, and propose to brew a lighter and milder beer than the hock, selling tt at a low- er price, and the mania' for Imbibing vast quantities of theMr H Borria, Mr BckleMs. Mr H Abraham, Mra atargraefi Tryftute. Mrt Fieidl Mrs Btrrtt Mra Brett,back to a Ha Row Tang: thto time I was again beaten, andrise so nigh that France would be unabie to compete with BamJgjMfB,F Goorgues. h'Grleant; F Bark, I. Bsrtrand, Mrs John Labat,NGrieant; B Frank, Havana; Mr Purand, Mr Prtelmot;Mew Orlsans; M L Maekentto, W Wrentsao, Now York;Chas Johnson, 'Ninon Correts, B O; 'Mist iMohMsuat tome were willing»but all wore not asked.Mrt. and Mas Bapele and ekrid, Mr and Mra Oars* aaddtad. Ngai Ah MUD. taken front Oldenburg ship—Thirty, servant a quarter of an boor after bit retort heme.PAbsdte, L Kaufman, Z Bindberm. 8 Wcntser, Chas John- dealer In SA3I fish, belongs to TsangChing district, on th* son -Patr-engert, 1*1. Specie, |6»„idB.Qutxxsrowa xkn LiVIBPOOO.-B^tmthp Tito-WuTtomMitt^ Be'gium, for instance, the export of rags is proship again; afty eight eoolies were toft on board that amp; suddenly, from the rupture of a bloodvessel. B» had gone to visit Lord Ntpter, and wat found dead sy btogtum paper brought into Francs pavs only 26T. the 100dkely to snooted,f am told that at long at hops onlykilogrammes, or about two dollars and a hah* per hnn- a 0ld m BifeWl b27th December three men seised boat ef him. robbed himol e,C0U cash be was carrying, dragged him down to tberiver, and pot him into a ttnall boat; they proceeded to ptny for estabhantog a line of Mrigation bmween «- Cttuiig Chow, tuck him on board a bakow boat, and askedhim whether be waa wilting to go abroad; he said "No;"they struck him over the head end back with tbe back of^UM Mp^^yTlJ«? » F « wMd*cheaper poond weight tt wonM „,.,..z..«i„ - -* -rtooa; bnt that in the course of time alcohol and other noxtout tngrsdlento have been Introduced la theltaoT of bops, which makes tho beer prejudicial to Um heaShTthan tbe Vay u theatres, Tamberlikto carryicg all bo-'.. .„JEasa'g j B h l t t01, „nStOJe- -«• JD*gm{f)mm\lMj£j~flttiirfTlTiriflllal j p • iiie^ 1 • * • / 1 Ion Easter Monday hondreda Verdi s "Ti ovatore" to an Im-angnielThere is a temperance society to this city, oreskled new DBA'Cigir taa traalc radlittes. As the seuon fcr failed to obtain adintonn iik's Manri«o is perfect. The over by a Professor Mansfeld hotwhichto y e n Stttos?SMnso a„tt_racti«on^.i Tarn "P*** auder tb* MUeof "Oilconraged. Dram drinking is one of the groatesi vices l> Pmitb, wife and twoebiMrec, BoUrttft<-Uhat,Joan taxxart ducked him, having first made fast bat bands behind hit t;q :o, have jnst died at Paris. ^ ^BLyiarslq."BeMhausetaCtgfilfStsB*satasakfesthepanofOilBias,aadher raptures. The Varieties has a pleasantry entitled "LaGrande Prarie," on UM tote tamoted high tide. Mm*. Btotori to hero, bat simply on a vtojtoXpleasure and rs-We bare bad quite a return of winter. The cold forUM time of tbe year, it most inclement, and wa«i ,m wtb* present scant promise of vegetation and UMdaatsg* lately to otsne to UM fruit blossoms, very sarioos appre- hensions are felt by prodsoars at well at consumersOar Ber list CsrrcspoBdestce. BsnuH, Aprtl 14, ISflo.*T^^I^i*^°'^ra^yMertdi«edialtbiLn it is only carried to excess by the lower classes of tobe-w£?£S8& ******* •» clMap,^r^wm buy a good steed wine glass full, andyou tee tnostws>rk>w w«~..-.r-~r. MeBastTat^litn fit, stossssjs MO0/aV Prmtian CawabstasLvdJokm»F former rawn.i. .S J W V T B!2!^Z!¥? ^7*medsntni/tawd en (ktirpermmt, aad wat tot? by u o f f l - ctol who examined the coolies, that he bad ao doabt hot that half sf them went oncer pressure. If any one ber *£asWsasgsBsswwawa*TS*a,nv vThoItmei correspondent at ParisTsays-Theatmnnw War has commissioned the Chief of the Steff o f t h e corpt-d*snare, under UM command of Marshal fbnrwbTrt>S/XsMSr • * " • * mentioned that thesion to reduced frt m one metre sixty-tv* centigrade* toUntitled Documentone metre sixty three centigrade*.Great activity is observable in the port of Toulon, sndT o w T a ? d K . t d r / H t i ^ W Hmoa t n ^JS ^jJS^ V? Au rt mee^ v * bssn^nsoVbt by tbe Down. CBfton, toMtos Ceeite loan* F Speace**» «« oaW^aasirVaaj eangbter of the late Sir Wllitom Beaehoy Mr. •^•JhJ^rPr*t»Jr»fe-The Minister of Marine sntbortoat young men of the jajStoffb wnSSs, fcq class of 1809 residing on UMtea coast ts contractJfcorjosaveraatteaSthleaits aad lard Btowsaawld ts ths wsvnl^""v *parUcuiarly bsid*sfw|i r>-tsto, w** a^toaasaw*meats, regreto ss^ sth*vtoga aas«wa«tetawpabltoiak*^ i l l l p s t e b f r o m l l a . 1 ^Lotdon it now going UMrounds si lb* pfaa*,ta towtoh heprotestssgamstUie exprcssiOBl attributed to bit* by by the British Ambassador, and gives hia own verstoa of them, which, however, no one who is not, Uks UMITO»- sla* dtotomattots, soeostemed ts tpBt hairs, win *-•ta diler materJa3y from what bo attempts to•way; todtsi, TM4 B w » i « l d seems to have donebnt translate bit vsgoe tectologlea and dKamtoenatoMtoto ptoto Engrhm, wbkb'certatolybolder reliei than when coached to ttwir original v eto ef Bsty verbosity. M ds Bchlesilz soaerudet by regrstttog that the publicity given to his teteafete with UM repre •rataUve of Ksglaad will prevent him from commanieat- tog with him in future an tba tarns confidential looting as be baa doss heretofore, which reminds one of Cardinal Fleury, who, when s private despatch of bit was grab hsbed by tb* court to which tt was *1 dressed, Informed their Ambassador that after that bo would take car* aot to tell them what he really thought. Altogether tint ex plaaattont of tb* Prussian Minister have not mads a favorable impression, and will toaresry nave contributedjmbhshea foltowfesgHwt, April 16-3 P. at.UM famcus chivalry of France aad bar fairest dames, aad to last beectntug untenable. Hit want of energywith a goodly melange ef Saxon admirers, I givs made him obnoxious to both parties; UMs carat KowcAe—reckon upon oa* sear fewjowri, aad I hate him for :.J> lukewarmaess in the cause of Austria yiaeet, via: Tatcaay and the Legation*-. nave no hesitation in atying that Mrs. Spteer, despiteaomo Ul aatared remarlLs absat UM homely nature of herearly Ufe, to a speftol favorite. Then there is Mrs.Lcagceville Clarke, an English tody, who gives 10,000trace - per aanma for an unfurnished apartment in tfce new qcarter which touow springing np around the Arc ds I'Rtolio. Her husband—who cares for husbands to Paris*—la a barrister In UM Indian civil service. She her self is said to retoioe to a flow of Hebrew blood, and to be » connection of the Rothschilds. WeU, while her husbandIt it * mistake to suppose that separate negottatioat have been entered tote between France and Switzerland, the matter having been placed to Um bands of UM Powers of Europe.OawsvA, Monday, April 16,1660. la Switzerland UMagitation apon the question of SavoyAt Sscclake, we ends by one H. F. Averill, papers of thto city,'tbatNaOt'theof tbe fugitive.tout obtained anurbotda the honor of the fumiy in the far East, M'9 saturnine character of the latter. The duke it a man of is toereattog. Numerous meetings took plans at Thun, Morton, and tbe Oldenburg bark fanny Kirchner; yoa wirn bto hntory. MLonioeville Clarke is the raring star of the West Ban- talent and ambition, who, fladiog hs aspiring genius Wtoterthur aad other piaaot, Tb* most important were will read wttb pain the parUculart thereto given of tbe Henry J. Wall, fquet and ball take place under her roof in such rapid sac a/amned by the narrow circumferenoe of bis little prin- those held at oltea snd Lauaanne. An extraordinary en- system of torture that hat been pursued in order to wring oat m arrest the icession that even the Baroness Weld, a lady whose nrst cipality, and having In vain sought to till up his lessore voy will he sent to Berlin. M. ThouvensI having stated from ths victims of tbe trade a nominal consent to an Yesterday morning, i ; eleven o'clock, CharlesNaBehusband purchased an Italtoa territory with a barony ap tended to It, aad who now, having since married a Mr Wtnterbottom, according to the fashion of, the Englishdrop her own well earned laurels as the retati ever, an impartial observer most acknowledge that he Bsnint, April 16, I860.Bwmidafcte than the legitimist aoeeoatt would make as set tn.nr' , ard sue for a place in UM displays more versatility than sound judgment. Dnrmg The address of tbe Society of Helvetia to the Federal depositions that those coolies wbo have not yet been re thinking it strange I i did not come back, sett to i"•toter Emanuel, malmost certain.Ths inaurreOion in Scily is believed to be far more aristocracy, "retains her title,'' is obliged to uahbimg very busiiy in politics, In which, how to UMstatenMat of M. Tboaveael.tten before United states . Tbe so* of Mr. Gilbert,believe. The Sicilians are neither cool cor generally tatol- •; pr*nwd, ignorant, ttsiaved, groanJ down by lonthtome deep >utat of modern time, their caneckarmid circle if ber rival. One bears of nothing but Mrs. loBguevilJe Clarke. The antagonistic streams seem to rush from ber portals—tbe otiioe of one being um eep all Paris of all that is refroed, beautiful, wealthy or noble,the. Oriental war be was vehemently in favor of'an ai- 'iance. with Napoleon, and is said to have indulged hi visions ol the cause of Poland in case the Allies should sceceed in wresting that country from the fangs of th<*duncil, demanding UM Immediate occupation of UM nee UaDzed provinces of Savoy, will have ao result.England aad Prussia have replied to the Swiss note of tbe 5th of April, relative to the assembling of aeoafe-moved from the above named ships remain on board against their will, and thai their endeavors to make that nnwtiltogncM known art suppressed by th* pertont one have them to charge.hours (twenty-lour every day) by the pursuits of literature and art, hat for the last few years beento re*l)y most pitiable. One can torsive them almost any and convey them to the MIOMJ of on impatient hostess Muscovite The peace of Paris pat an end to these pleat rence, by consenting to the demand of tbe Federal We dcobt not that yon will cantor with at to thinkingor criste except allowing ten royal family to waiuiig to be graoioos; that of the other to cleanse and ins dek sions. and considering himself ill treated by Na Council.that it eta he no tofflcitct defence of the syw m to say that this violence and deception tt in most cases the ae: ef the Chinese s a d not of foreigners engaged to the trade. The totter mutt long ere this have beoome acquainted both with the true character of the Instruments they em- ploy, aad ths abuse to which tbe payment of bead money most lead. and tbere to moreover evtoeaoe to show that the ill treatment of which the ccoites complain to not on-t h e Etag of Sardinia has now tbe lawful control of aearty tw. sty millions of l u . u i , who have come under he* toosrvigaty by the most peaceable revolution effected to modern cme.weed out all vulgar small try wno, whatever notice may have been pain tnem in the beginning of her career, are new in her onward course unworthy to come betwixt Mrs. Lengue il'e Clarke and nor nobiity. Yes, the air MI rodo- lett wiih Mrs. Lcngnevttie Cltike Spiteful people talk scardat arrout her, and won't know her Perhaps theypcieon ftbe French autocrat btung under some oWiga ttons to tae Duke, who bad asked his influence with nit skier it Jaw, Qoece Victoria, to overcome the prejudice she entertained against the Imperial porcenu,) be became as violent an antagonist of French policy as he had pre viouely bttn favorable to tt, and at the commencementTtntnf, April 16, I860 The archives of the Legations of Roasts and Englandhave been transferred to Turin from Florence. Italy.Bonn, April 14,1860. General Lsmorlciere, la his quality of commander in«*t« all the draff " But wake mm up OOCJ, and he .• lite KMtnlwr of her family, not specified in tbe man} , unuer tbe auspice* Oi Prussia. Disgusted with the In to-day'» sitting of tbe Chamber of Deputies, en a re- test for themselves tho accuraey of that* statements,ei 'tnut when bistarea up, always excepting those ill-ad- oee>," efe yad, tr. answer to a trembling request fTom a•»*-> a unci s when he get* hold of one ot his own kith and rr.otbVr thai i>be might bring a second daughter; "tntt almost peirt'.;*uedtbe 1'rince Regent to dismiss his annexation, tbe Chamber, by a targe majority, passed to ticn to Canton in order that they may be brought beforekia tkat Bet tne ad vantag-.- over him that Herman has over is too much, 1 think," t.rnug a*ay from the crusbel minlsi<r,ai u to a<! 91 a bolder line of jioiicy—to declare tbe oriter of the day.r*it rs, a larger amount of rosy youth and the attendant x.rjpplnui' to addrt ?s S3tr.o one else, A yo»ng gentleman thai Pruwia would not allow any other solution of the Tbe Chamber waa then prorogued until tne 1st of May. •»m>Ht> All these rifled • *nnjas that knock over the being ankeO to dtnner, at i*ared at ber hoise in a black Hefifcian question than that recommended by ner on Uu? The number of deputies wbo have inscribed theiryea if you detke Its*ure ef mtn ana horse atlcur miles distance, and tbe hanckerrhief Mr* Loaguevile Clarke felt defiled, and r»a?i« of Uie constituuen of 1831. It is even asserted that Wnmwerth gdns that throw a so.ia abot mat) tmles,»; i .,•!;•* *i e'roer was aboaaVIo be announce.1, informed the in« Puke was willing to eocept tit* purUftuUle of Foreign tot 'orgtag lor fool's pii-y. A new W*terloo or l>ipalc a gpn'.'enian tbat If he tbougtt th?re was time to proceed to AnaiiB lunii.e.K a rumor that derives some plausibility i«- liog, Aut whether inert* \* a Napoleon, a Wellington or hi* hotel »cd make hwtolitite, she should bo nappy to rrom tbe circtU"Btance that the Prince of nonenrallen. ^ J*ckM>e to carry it ou remains to De seen see nim at oinner Tbe hint, 01 course sen', the gueet toime'-ly an independent sovereign, and quite sshVblynames toacaempacy tbe King on hit tour through Central Italy hat bees increased by 110.Ranae.It is positive that no preparation had been made to passdated Jaroaiy 9, communicating the coarse adopted inthe case of the Fanny &irchner, which hit Excellency todesirous to show is uniform with that pursued towardsthe American receiving ships. We have refrained fromany description of the fatal occurrences of the night of the4th inst, on boaro tbe last named vessel, or of tne recentlawyer, bad bit coat lorn tor et pretsing bit Iand other melees kept tbe interest alive. i All at t.nce tbere was a wild holloa, aad every eye wat-stturned up to see Pie legs aad part of the body sf tbe prisoner protruding from tbe second swjry wtodovr, atjfiMefgium baa s*ct an ami v^sador to Turkey to btiy wiili ibf bia?k cravat about his buaiaes mtaut his din- connected as tie ui Cobuig, is already a member of the the Roman frontier, unless an attack were made agamet Che nHol of Csii ;•»—ibe arickot Crete—a pa ner. But 'cooghof lit* I>oogueville Clarke. The lent we Rome by Piedmont Intelligence from Rome adds, Utatrectos ef bennty and feroi'ty, bnt cirsed witb a hf ard or her was that the Dnke of Brunswick and bis cabin* t I nfortunately for the Duke, be Is not abie to keep tbe Pope has resolved to take no initiative to a war in tbev «<oee Mohnamiednn gorerarueot that makes no progress diamond epaul ttts, with his ve*million cheeks and bi» own .-ea seL Bis plans were sool bruited abroad, and Kcmagna, and that General Lamorictore wauld only con-wiaaiever. • blackened eyebrows, not lbrgeu'ng the ambrosial w.g, at a court dinner the PrlnotrsCoarles, wno sat next to cenL-tte a corps In Umbrlae, between Rome and Ancona. question ot man stealing as it to now extensively carriedInaoia is as large as one of your average Stales, and wa« sit'iiig at her feet; and wttb a first cousin of the :he Prince Regent, said to his Royal Highness, ••:*>, tbe A commnntraticn from Rome of the nth, In the Gizette on in these districts for tbe supply of the coolie trade, we•111 be a SMS* valuable acquisition for little Belgtam. or <,w*n of Enghvnd for aer adorer, surely cer ambition Duke of Coburg is beginning 10 cbange your ministry-" de Lyon, says:—The Pope last evening gave an audiencemay refer yon to tbe Allied fOnimssxraert, who have ample detain In thsir possession.Fully sensible, gentlemen, that the luggettton of those preventive measures which hit Excellency Lao* is to anxious to see instituted appertains rather to your pro- vince than that of the Allied CommMStoners, we would with to place tbe matter in your hands, and to beg you to concert among yourselves the measures best calculated to comet tbe abuses that have been brought to light. We may mention, however,that this to the second appeal which hit Excellency baa sonde to us ou thto subject, tbe first being simultaneous with the issue of hit recentami** there will i ot be tne same jealousy that tbere must be satisfied wewM Be were the act e:mtemoiated by a great I'jwe-hie A' Ptria, Ru.^ia, iYaoce or Great Britain.Tbtse wo'ds startled tfie Prince, who ts exceedingly Jeal- to M de La Rochefoocault, Duke de Bisactta. Thto young1 believe vhe dacger oi war is uotuai.v increased by thebreybgof the lew >oliOciansof the " JMafiohceter itoltooi,"m«i> like Ji hn Bright, who do not suasain tbe dignity oftt«f nation on oi aiiiary ovcasious wo«n war seem* to bet».fc,iD<rDt Tbtir tradb la to cry peace, peace, and let tnerights of weak canon* be trail.p && on by powerful Stales, and a host of such other well meaning peopl* to have theous of bis authority. and particularly dislikes tho ideit of being made a tool oi for others for the attainment of the.r own objects.The next >iay the Puke met with a cool reception, and finding that bit observations were no longer listened to with the same compiaccncy, he soon after quitted Berlin, and returned to his own tittle, capltot, leaving Schlenii: master ol tbe field. But I believe this is only a temporarynobleman, wbo is a widower, hss coaflded his two child- ren to bis family in Frsxoe, and come to Rome to propose to the Holy Father to serve as a volunteer in the Pontifical army, and to place at the disposal of UM Holy See three years of bit income, amounting to SOO.Oonf. a year.Tbe following is the text tor the order of the day issued by General de lamoricltre:—Ross, April 0,1860. Sturuss:—Our holy Father the Pope, Pius IX .having deigned to est! me to defend his Ignored and threatenedtoi a war is inevitable, whether the English natioo choose to be to it or not,fctuu wumde all to themselves. Her Majesty, at the hotel titled up in the Champs K!>ioes, for the reception of her mother, Madame de Mouujo, St about togivc afancy bali,The Empress, however, baa a notion of not permitting the Sptcers, the Longueville Clnrkes, the Baroness Wilds,la a despatch of the 13th March, to M, TUIot, that the Fe- deral Council bad proposed s secret treaty for a partition of Savoy, the Federal Council has given an official denialatd tar tna matiry by wnsat<i to return At ft* bikar t „ CBtted States Marshal,J W.bouse of Wiltom Betsy, on Dtvwoo be boarded, and Its whereebouwThe fxnnriittion beiVe Oomatisaioner loach wat qaao brief Tbe evidence of Averill and tbe agent waa token, and the Commtosionerdecided to remand Nans teYkrgt- nia. Tbe necessary paperi wore made oat snd given to the Marshal. \-By thto time tt wss pro o'clock, and the fact began to be noised abroad that tbere wat a fugitive tUve in Mr. Beach's ofltae, corner 4? State and First streets,to knots of ten or twtlve ooOeoted near the lookvigeljtalle, wboctuld be seen at an iWfiitom Hfnry, a colortd men.wrtu whom 1hev* not be«-n acted. She, herrelf, is th-» impersonation of the Italian dimcuity he made the moat strenuous etlorts chief of the Papal troops, only redeyes UM Pope, and not frequently inflicted on board the foreign vessels, snd by ccmmcnceil miking frotj the curb atone to a tond 'Len« !4*t4ieon has bem emboldened by (be qclet man- of servility or hauteur. Whenever there is a chance of Cardinal Antnnelli, of UM Presidency of UM War Depart- foreign bants tbe crowdl He ottered such t w tenons at, " Toere it nMI « which his annexation of Nice and Savoy bat been re•> v«0 throughout Em-ope, and particalariy in this mightyeo pare Be is now coquetting about the frontier and neatra-Jntj ef wst*er land, and be calculates mucb on John Bull •obiamir? gcod mateiia'c for ber reception, such as station, to prevail upon Prussia to unite with Austria and ths rest fi.gltive rVsYe !n that o^ee—pretty toon yon will tee nun bigh eha. atter, tare beaoty, Ate , Mrs. Longueville (larke >t fermuny against the common enemy. Vitiafranca pro- ment. Th» Care mat havitg, however, Insisted oa leav- In case it siiOcM be thought that these depositions are orme forth. He is goiogte be taken down swash, and yonmj. jy pi. ! j .-. ±.i'<n'""'"Si"- ' "•"JIIHUI ,.jJUI.1IWIJ ,j.p.^imp ij. 4. rHI ••wpnppvqthe attempt was a fruitless one, 'or somebody m the office -- polled Nalle bseksgam.smW the tbontt of a hundred / pair of lungs. Tbe crowd at ibis tism numbered nearlya ttc-ana per.-oct M»DJ oi tbem were black, and a irood share were of ihe female sex. They bloomed, ap State street from first street to the alky, and kept surging to and fro. «Martin T. Tcwnsend, D>q , wbo acted as counsel far th* • fugitive, c"id cot arrive in tne Commrwioner'n efltoe untila 'ccTFion bed been rendered. He immediately went be- fore Judge Gould, of tbe Supreme Cotrt, and pooarad awrit of habeas corpus in tbe usual form, returntog tovmt [ dlately. This was givtn to Deputy Sfcerlff Natbaatol UB- ham, wbo st once proceeded to ConintkMtonor BiasbHi of- fiu and served it en Holmes YerytoJtiMitontfj Iblam- j ccrs proceeded directly to Judge GosVPs otnos, taaatagbbeen standing at tbe bottom of the fairs, snouted "Hero . tbey come," and the crowd mad* t terrttto rash at aba tarty.eristics. gion of tbe civihzed world, bnt it baa beon UM wtraed by tbe consular authorities of tbetr illegal cbnrac less than two blocks, bnt it was made a regular On Thursday the Prince of Wales passed through Madge- principle snd the life Hash*of civilisation, since UM Papacy ter . others again, with little appreciation of his Exeellen field. Tb* asDSfisnt tbe prisoner emerged from theburgenaviantohisancleatCoburg. Hewa3metthereby hasbeentbecentreofChristianity. AllChristiannations cySliberalconcessions,andindirectoppositiontohiapro- wsy,toenstoey ofDeputy SberifJOpbam,ChiefofPo-$n» world cannot be governed on a theory that nn-term* sw not recognise, or on principles that which is to be the nonpanel of tbe season. Carpenters, respite. In the present critical posture of affairs a firm rights, I have not hesitated for a moment to resume my circular to tbe Consular representatives, snnounctog toit was evident they would bare to pass through an exci- ted, unretscnirg crowd. As toon at the officers aad then*nuns but tools and Quakers bohevs In. Mr. decorators ant builders are at work day and nighi band is wanted to direct the foreign policy of Pros- sword. them the establishment of a system of Dee emigration,Reeswek took Mr Brigbt's menenre exactly, when he said Wings have been added to tbe hotel, and an additional na and a'.thoogh M. do Pchler.it/. has deserved At the sound of the venerable voice that not long ago and requesting them to require their respective country prisoner emerged frrm tbe door, an old negro, wbo badm tne Boose ot Commons, a few days ago, that he had front, whirh bare mere than doubled Its ordinary dl well of his ooLutry l>y resisting tho efforts of proclaimed from the summit of UMVatican to the world men to confbim to the rales apon which that tystem is «• rtato good qnebUea, hot ne (Mr. Roebuck) " was sorry ' mentions. Everybody is running after everybody to make be Junkers to drag Prussia into a war with tho dangers besetting the patrimony of St Peter, Catho- based. It appears, however, that hit Excellency 'a requi- to aay be would never make a ctnieantan. He went Interest tor an invitation, and tne hopes, despair, hatred, France tost summer, something more to required of a lics were moved, and their emotion spread sition baa been only partially ttttpbwd wttb; for whileaorengb tbe provinces like a roaring itan, bnt when hefore tbetr benorah e Rouee, he v i e as gentle as a rrvarly, delight aad triumph that are In torn excited wouldetching dove ' " Nun-electors, chartnits and old woman III a volume. All day long large caravans are rollinglike his lectures, and his plain, honest fae», even though through tne grand avenue of the Champs Blyseeetheydonotfathomhisstatistics. Hewillneverborn op marked MotUtar de to Cbromte, containing everythe rtver Thames, upset a luiniatry, or be Prime Minister specks of palatial decoration for tbe coming fife; and as ef n^gtnnd. tbe sight tantalizes tbe eyes of the would-be invited, allTen will see a good commentary on the masterly re- sorts oi :iig> iiious contrivances are brought to bear. M*-* l " iiBag*BIfTObw e of tbe etit-roaehment of y-iur Oongrt-es upon tbe pre- regttrves of toe Preetdeut, by Mr. BuciAiiaa, in the Lon- don Spectator of thin week, the ablest ai. J most statesman- like weekly paper in Europe. We are no: indiilerent on this r-ioe lo tfce great republican .xperiment now going on on thai side oi tne At'antic. The »uc£e*s or uou suc<*»s of tbe repnbucan i.vittm in America will tie the watchwera for freedom and progress in the Old World; and if yon fcreak to pieces—ne matter what the reason or the party responsible for the 'a lure— th.» cause of constitutional freedom threcgLout 1-^irope will be put back at leas} two renterk• /Mr. Glafstose'n bnlget if not yet disposed of. Ths war between the brewers and the "thirsty souls'' JTSXCSbot ter and hotter, ROmuch so teat a publican at Derby, who brews bhi own beer, actual'y got scalded to ueath in hjsown mash tub. l'oor devu.' ho died a quicker death taan some of tbe customers ot public nouwe who guzzle at the laps that yield not inspiring but ueath dealing draughts. The •• lictrni*trd wiUerr"—so named I suppose because they nave neither wit nor "wiit'es," and are ttio cause of lioemiouscess in every form—have bad another meeting at the London Tavern, and the war over the beer bangs is to bo renewed immediately after Easter.about co«teg oct luat is suspocted of oeing more anti- biographical than others toe. It ts something of a novelty to have two elaborate biographies of a statesman come • o t during bia Uettme, aud before be hardly begins to advance <>n the down fci.l of life. Ancient and modern t>DM wl 1 be searched in vain for a parallel toDbters ambsiaadois, commie and their subordinates areworried to death. The poor Laprees herself would gUJ relative, and then returned to Berlin with tho same train civilization and of tbe liberty of Um world.future, and the faithful observance of therules established in. bim s w t y from the officers; butthey wore foiled,and by tbe Governor General, it the point which ahould now down First to Congress street and tp the tatter to freak.Uclgh b.)! my pt-n has rim on so glibly about theim little The great rag and piper iueetiou la suil undecided. A matters mat 1 have lelt myself small siiaco for subjects of biography of the Right Hi >rab e Beajibia Disraeli is a lucre alerting interest Cut ifaliy,Uie uncertain state of the polikal market, the it^rnal seesaw about the l f i e the Savoa" and Nice questions, the Chabl&B and Kaucfeny ncutrsjity, are wearisome to hear, from which one is glad to turn away for a brief interval. Things, hewi'ver. are very indefinite arid unsattefaCory Trade is literally in a state of stagnation. The wisest heads ar- fa:-ly puzzled, and all men ceetn to forebode a comingBecker, J B Cpion, wife and child, R W Xmtnona. N H Brumous,Jr, J G{Houston, WmA Dalr.Geo Willtrl MSimpson, wife aad iwo children. M. Girpln and wife, John Morris. Wm howat. A Matbewaoo, a Lee. V A Heropbih C Abiou V toenCell Jno Kvant, Mra S A Biles and two children. U H illarie, Pkurphy, HMoreU, T Belly, T Carter. D Connell, and 63 In steerage.a serious recoil when thst safeguard shall be withdrawn, unless doe security against the wrongs oomplsined of thai in the meantime have been provided.From the mass of evidence and depositions which filled at Icatt a dozen columns of the Cftranicle. the few followmore or less hurt, snd it It a wonder that these were aot badly injured, as pistols were drawn and entasis used.Tbe battle bad raged as far at the corner of Deck and Crngrest streets, and tbe victory r< taained wttb ths res- cuers at last. The officers were eompbtely worn oat wttb their exertions, and it was impoetibieSto continue their bold upon bim any k cger. Nalle was at liberty. Htt friends rushed htm down Dock street to the lower ferry, where there was a skiff lying ready to start. Tbe iafttvt was cut in, the ferryman rowed off, and amid the thosts of bucdrecs *iio lined the bank of tho river, Nails WM carried into Albany county.ly d*pense with n'-mbers of tho»e who, from their posi- t-on iilxxit the court rtnd the various foreign missions. mc£t De invited. The very repetition of their luces is perfectly wearisome, sue has been known to say, aort that the would gladly till up their places with newer at tractions—mail ortJe.' ea te rent pat.ristt ii of—it was a review of the Guard, from which tbe Prince could not possibly absent himself without seriously endangering the safety of tbe kingdom.This spirit of military pedantry is more rampant than ever. The Prussians imagine they can make up for tin.bold our courage, snd raise it to the height of the cause, the defence of wblch he has confided to our arms.The General to Chief, DE LAMORICIERE.Arrlvols and Departure*.munlty, connected so immediately as tbe subject to with the peace and order of that important port, and the preset ration of a good feeling between foreigners and the Chi- nese population We confess that we do not ourselves see why it should he more difficult to control foreign y easels when engaged in the shipment of contract laborersact'y what did go on In the crowd L to hnposatbto to ana* .. vut the pulling, baoltng, mau'ing md shouting gave evi- dences of frantic efforts on tbe pan of the rescuers, anda stern resuttaaoe from the csnsei ratora of th* taw. la from of Judge Gould's offtee the combat was at fto height. No itores or other mtosibs were used; ths bat- tie was fist to fist We bettove tn order was give* to take tbe prisoner to tbe court boom, bat the crowd ear- , rMl the prisoner the other way. tnd tbere was a grand rush towards tbe west, past First aad Blver ftroato, as far at Dock street. All thto time bore wat a ooctltualReport i t ; R that ber Majesty is to impersonate an oys want of warlike experience by scrupulous attentionABBIVALS.P^r*ji>AH-BteamidiiD Montgomery—Mrs • Woolsey Mitt than when fellow ing any other ordinary operation. Thatter girl, carryirg on trr arm the picturesqud baske'. in which that succulent bivalve Is generally conveyed, wbil" abcat ber will be a bevy of fish girls earning supplies to meet the anticipated numerous demands But tbe sheBs!—w:ll tboy coLta'D ojmers* or sweermests? or what* That is a secr',t wblch time only can unravel. Suffice it to say that the Empress Is enchao el with the work in hand; that she allows herself to bo consulted at all hours concerning tbevanou.--ceetunres to be ssaumed by her guests, and is now fertile in icgtaloud resources where difficulties prevail Tie bat.paet is to be such as Luculius himself might ha* e deseed in bis last supper.to tbe minute of the service; but the exampleof Austria last year is a proof that an army nyiy be very•mpf'iing on parade, and very inefficient on the ue]d ofB M Weoliey, Mist Jsne L Berry, Anton Bardy and wife. whatever may be the steps necessary to secure the ends Mrs Geo Br- oka. Mitt » Taylor, Ja* Lewis, W T Olay. F too- to view, yon will, we are satisfied, tee with us that the untalesman just now than the negative qualities of waitoess rapidly from one end of the earth to the several parue* connected with tbe shipment of oooltee atand circumspection which form hit distinguishing chanc- other. In fact, Christianity to not alone ths reli- Whampoa desisted from their operations on being Building, to that of .fudge Gould, taConcrest street, tonow show that their conscience feels these grand troths which constitute our faith.Revolution, ts Iilamism formerly ,now threatens Earope, and now, at tben, the cause of the Papacy is the cause ofY«.o will ft,ess what this pressing business eon- Soldiere, have confidence, and be sure that God will up- engage ihe attention of all responsible pertont in thai com of Judge Gould's chambers, went tee tnrgtog stats. Er-#:hte sister, the Princess Frederick William, and her husband, tho former of whom spent the day with him, but the 'idler bad each pressing business here that be was only abie to pass twenty minuteJ in the society of his illustrioushibitions, continued to collect coolies through the tganoy lice Qoto, Officer Cleveland aad Deputy Bonnet, thetatt e People who think the excursions of royalty havealways lome especial object ascribe tho journey of the litros, Henry Q ffllcoi, Visa B T Brooks. Mrs Ftufman>nd scrupuiJUS tote of a few individuals such tt those are aredaughter, .fat A Whitton. A Garrabrout. K W Partes*, Prince of Wales to negotiations that are going on between G W Merry man, G B Etobacoper. J Kelly, Mrs 8 P Mather, Ifnpland ami Prussia, through the medium of the Duke of Mrs H G Adams, G L Perkins, G a Bnsrinet. W J Clements.now pointing oat are liable to imperil the best interest,and even the personal safety of your communities, and meiee. Many of the officers v e t hart—among them Mr. rpbam. whose object was eoely to do hn doty by 'bi'iirg: but if the British ministry have a poi tical mis- A B dements. Mitt U 1) Falet. Mwt C 9 Gray, M that although the presence of the allied force in this city taking Nalle before Judge Gould to accordance wish the- on to perform it is not probable they would entrust it to M. Conin, Chat Murphy. Li P Abbott C B Abbott F may serve for a time to shield foreigners generally froma toy like the heir apparent.".be Faster holidays, which may be said to continue from Hood Kririay to Tuesday, have been preatly favored this vear by the weather, so that the working classes, mechanics, handicraKsmen and operatives, could enjoy the air In the tuourbs and outside the gates of the city!, in the jabbe gardens and places of amusement, where there are bandsof music playing,theatrical performances, *e. (except or Good Friday), the comestibles and drinks bles provn ed iormlcg part of tho entertainment.IVian, U'Brka- Geo s4anbt>pe, A L Hyde, Mrt Be Uraw, N the consequences of these acts, they may be followed by writ of htteas corpus. A number to the crowd wereDgrABTTTRE8.HavKr jutnSocTrunrTOii— Steamship Arago—Mathew Mor- ing, taken at random, will serve at fair specimens:- -O'Sgan, fer JamM B Murray, Miss A Murray, Mr and Mra Bttzet chid and lervani, GR Pentifman. Mrs .1 F Penniman,Miss ¥ K Fennlman. Mr and Mra L de Goppet t wo children and•errant Mr and Mra 8 B Oairtmden Miss Chittenden, N V; (mow; my uncle was with mo: I was taken from my own MrandMrtTAVyae.Va. SehWrenand2trrvanUi;MrtDIt na* been noticed of late that the consumption of Ba-varian beer, or such a* is brewed after tbe manner ofBavaria (tornetimes called Utgcr beer), has enormouslyincreased in this country, when formerly the lighter sortsof beer were preferred. They have had brewers fromMantelsaudotherparttorBavariatointroducetheirart,which has been brought to considerable perfection. Thestronger and more beady sort a termed bock beer, from 8priD*!ti.-ld. Mats; H Maillard and eblld, New York; A Barbez. was willing; I was convoyed to the foreign vessel anC bim Be did r-c, and took him in a wagon to tne offics ef the Get man word bock, which means a billy goat, the Hew York John P Bolfe. Mrs F hreidevaux and frtond. New asked If I was willing; I said I was not, and was sentr»e career oi Use aiinor of "Coningsiy." Inyonthaliterary dartd;.-,wrlttognovelsatarapidr*ie, achie\mg in mat pat- only a second ratefwition; auva.it~.ng in ufe, beccm.ng a brilliantPirliamentary orator, and ftcaliy taking the proud posife- a of testier ot the British House of Com moos—the lof- api«intt(t him in 1852, .lust after tht grand soup d'i'/U person wbo drinks it being excited to such a pitch of ex orleana: Mr and Mrt J eellgman. 3 children and l tervtnti; back to the junk, where I was again suspended as before,i»M and shiest legislative body to the world Never ac- be wtnld do so. Lord John intimated, it is reportod, cumulating property , constantly is difficulties, and half that such a resignation at the present moment would bebllaration thst be capers like a goat. This is only brewed in tne spring, and tbe principal brewery producing it was on tap for the first time on Kaster toinaay. The establish-C C Jchnsoe, Mr and Mrt >orton, Kentuckr; Miat Marv L but this time s little higher up,and buckets of water were Morgan, Kentucky; Mist Ferguson, Mr Btstebart, Mr Dover poured over my head; I again said I was wiling to so.im '.ice sif wart, en tbe seooud finer of the corner building Ef ar the ferry. Tbe Justice was absentBt'TTO.It t rvnerally reported that Txri Cowley has more thanmy thumbs ard toes, my body just touching the deck, but notenoughtoravetbetortureoftbecord;thepunigh nicnt was more than 1could endure, so I cried out that 1once intimated a desire to resign, and that, but for the etirmet soiioitaUonsof lord Jo! n Kussell. who origmailyP^anat tbe time in Uu hands of tne Jews, he nevertheless equivalent to a breaking np of tne English ministry.«*ioe becomes Chancellor <•>! me Exchequer. Spare, pale, Tne*account? received in Paris contradict tbe report of ment alludeo to is situated on the only hill near Berlin Behults, Perm: F >toilel. Bwitzerland: > Ferrer, Mobile; to the foreign ship again,, and then said I was willing; soand thoughu'ul, with beautiful ringlets, that remind one•f Tenier s "Angela.1' you would never suppose on meet-the Coout de Mcntemolin aad hia brother being taken, at the same time with General Ortega, In tbe Carlise rebellion. A more Inckiees capture Queen Isabella could hardly havethey paid me a dollar and put mod twn below; I did not see any other person punished.ing him privately that he was the oratorical gladiator be-fore wboso premiers tremble. But the wiry bitle man made. Like tbe wolf—to hold him is unpleasant, to letnot a very imposing height, but from every other part ofthe courtrv being level, it has the advantage of a prospect over the city and its environs; a monument erectedon Ibe top in coinciemoration of the battles fougntfor tho liberation of Germany from 1813 to 1815, in theshape of a Gothic steeple, surmounted by a crest, hasgiven it the namo of Kreuzbcrg, or Hill of the Cross.Besides large quantities that are told to tbe beerhousesand publicans of the city, the taproom at the breweryretails the Hqnor to thirsty eo.'ta in pint pott, calledseidels, at 2>i silver groschens, or 6 ^ cents a pint, or acommon sort at 1 ^ groschens, and sach droves of peopleccme crowding out to these fountains of strong beerduring the holidays, that no less titan 15,000 to 20,000 Manger, New York; Meter L Fallot. Mr and Mrt ture, being struck, and kicked, and the thumb, toe and to retreat for a moment ••Tbey'vegotrnstoto,''ssidoae.pwsesses s power that few men ever acquired among UMtr fellows. 1 abali be glad to nee his Ufe, when it ap- pears, and hope it will be a fairer one than the one writ- ten by a political opponent seme years ago.A new Uns ot steamers la shout to be started between Crest Britain and America. This time Liverpool and New York are selected as the termini. The Gslway line toda ao much traffic that the vessels now In that service,uooer the hag of the Atlantic Royal Mall Company, arehim go, equally 90. But it is raid that though General Orvgn was «een a few momenta before the refusal of the troops to follow him, to be talking with uncovered head to certain persons in plain clothes, the moment that event took place those same persons eclipsed and have not sinee been beard of. Tbe Count de Montemoltn and his brother, Hmay be pretumed, are not therefore among the captured.The Mamuur of this morning has • decree In cooseqoence of the representation of the Minister authorizing a comYon Ah Cblng, taken from American ship—I am twenty nine years of ago. married and am a gardener, runable to carry near all the passengers that are offering. naittee of manufacturers and others engaged in trade whoTneo Gillard and child: Mr A F Gulmaraea; nail process repeated. I did not aee any use m holding "Who cares?" was tbe reply; "they caa only kilt a Mr and Mrt L Ventura aad ehUd. Andrea Poet, Rev Mr Carrie, of as—come o n " More stones and store pfMr and Mrt Hotcuet Mitt L Bmta. Mr and Mra Ori.lbeau, ate ont any longer, so 1 went on board the foreign ship arid sued. At last the door was poJied open bychildren and two servants; Mra B Simon, Miss Simon, wat given two dollars, and engaged to go to a SpnntohMrs A Bertram!, Mrs O Blac, Mn a Btqust, place for eight years. negro, an<l in a moment be wan felled by a hatchet m tho MriNatden, Mr G Kaufman. Mr HenrvMay, Mr H Oppeu- btndt of Deputy Sheriff htorrteo*; bit the body of the belmer, Mr J S Umees. of hew York. MrW F Laisktoa. 0 8 Wing A Mooy, taken from Oldenburg ship—1 am thirty fallen man blocked ap tbe door to that it could not beB,MrBenson,MrThkbit.BrJohuBrthofr,MrJoseph yearsofage;Iammarried,andantasailor;Iliveat shot,sxdtfriendofthepri'onerpolledbtmout Poor Fieekede, Mr 8 Despalague* Mr r Ward, Mr C Aloe,Gait tarter; Dr Peter Winaton. Richmond. Va; Dr B V itarg- Loo Lung, I wat at wcrk in my boat and wat decoyed fellow, he mtohtwell sty. "Save me from my frtenas.''mln, Blcbmond, Va; 1. J Brown, U 8 B; H Greiehton, away on various pretences, until I wat put on board a Amid the pulling and hanlrag the iron had cot bto arms, N Tt M Bays. Mr. Walton. B T; L Wlekertham. B tblp (it wat a Ba Kau Tang) at Chung Chow; 1 wat told which were bleeding profusely, and hn could hardly walk du Puy. J Fsurnaa, John Labat, B McGontele, D B Par- 1 was to go and be a coolie; I refused, wat tied np aad owing to fatigue. ^ ^sons, Mr Stotbetmer, Mr Avery; B T- Mr Msigraaf, beaten with a stick, and was then tent into a foreign ahipthe last Galway steamer took out over 000, and more than 700 are already bvaked lor the toaj *tnamrr Then tne Liverpool and M&ncteeter goods umiitc wants mere facilities than are at present to be had. The lineis under- takenbyMrJoan orrell Lever,M.P.,andMrTThomas Howard, tits Manchester nullkmslre, sad tbe ves- selstoheusedarespartoftheusetofthe European and American Steamship Company, the most S.SHWOUB sad elegantly finished, and the cheapestshall have power to call before them persons in the em persons are computed to have been on the premises st ar £ a * W i pocketo,totokeanooi»8lonaldrtokandtrentth*ir aonvPOCk Pbtotarl£d%^oa * *°—"«»^NS^TSF r a n c e .ful treatment of international questions, and ttoimumt these journals to designating the Count deItfontenanV^at h?"kLT<LUinf 1P?£ "S.«»"«ttional HghtTof theamrpmr,wTrenneii.rienryL 1ofto inspect the tort of Kauases 00 the frontiers of Sirttairi d or bto m ftw<*2rJ£9*2**2 !f l * W «a»" tbeosoliet have beea cnrreBt, that be bad been arrested. fate; others blaming the foreigners for the part which they"»• **> tclmippTtoTneL-B Fuller, Mrt J H Hell. Mr Geo Fuller, Mrt Bdey. Mas O boat end put on board a junk and asked If 1 was willing Lawson. V Ktbn (bearer ot detpateb<<a). 8 Bouse, H P Grace, to go with the foreigners; I ret used and was tied up byAs the skirt landed in Went Troy a nepro gyrnrnthissr waded np to the waist and pel If-'. Nalle nut ef toe hpat He went up the bill alone, noVc er, snd there who sboald bemeetbuterrttaWeBecker Tbeittterofficialseeinga man with manacles on, considered it his duty to arrestM8 K. W t Vvcun, A de LWe. w Calhaim. Mr and Mrs Mar- euae,JGutNYork;MrandMraHerztield,eblldandservant Mrs Angel A root. Havana; H Lyon. M> Oour>eux, Mr "anf. H L Rnoi. Alabama: MBrod, Havana, B Koetberg. B 8 Chapin,ter, K d . F l Peyaer, Wm Halle, 0 ft We oh, N H; ChM because I could not stand tbe torture; 1 went with them W 1) Glen, Philadelphia- G Biebnff, 9 T: Mrt Mailer, two chil-Whin the crowd on the Trcv bank had mm Nalki safely landed, ft was suggested that be augta be recaptured. Then there was another rash sttee for the steam ferry boat, which came* ever about four hundred perron*, and left as stany more— a few of the tatter being snuted in their efforts to get ot tbe host. On landing to West Troy, there, sure eneegt, was tbe prisoner locked op to s strong ofhee, protected—Mra Bewman and two children: Dr George D Morten and..«,uwife; M M»r*ner, A WlIltamaM. Rev F Bottom, wife snd ser-tody. MJBrown, A C Boore F Mauree J Morgaaoth. Walter •»,Pij, F^awrenoe, Pedro Blucby, H B Dtoktoso*. C L Jar-coolie traffic would have us believe that kidnapping rare ly if ever occurred. But the proofs were too palpabk2 8 2 W - t r ! £ * * d *5 • ^ * ^ w h m e » m S t C f a m m . calling on fathers and elder brothers to exhort their son*lot, ex editor of th* Unixtr*. Bib arrived to Paris rrawi Borne, bringing detpatcnei from the Pope to the " « ? to Parte, among wbtob donbtiast * « ^ * " • ^ . E i trmmunication. Be was, however, wsiebeJ by atrasty gpv, and on his arrival all bto pepert were taken wen bim. Thei»to»*eontradlctaa report whtoh appaaiB w».«,dnteight j earn engagement in the island of Cuba, aad youwl 1 tee that s deception has been practised to order to indece them to believe that their shipment bad reserved thesanction of their owa auttcrltiet. Notice may also be Holmes, snd imntedl taken of tbe assertion to frequently repeated in the Oommwsioner MileTo tse iirtt named, letter from Lis Excellency I.tun to dlscuMiona ronunenced. Some persons tgwstod n retooc the CommiMioneis we are now able to add another one tnd others favored law aad order. Mr. 'transaction* connected with the coolie cargo of tbe Met which he was endeavoring to escape Tben area* tna* a ~tenser, but if, when engaged in trie consideration of the shout. "Drop sown" '• Catch him!" •• Hurrah!" But.,subject you tbeuM desire additional information, eitlier aa to tba proot-ecing we have allnded to or the generalof crimp boats, and to receive them oa board the above crowd made one grand charge, atd thosementioned ships. The prevention of such proceedings in I riconer selted him violently, with tba Intention of pah- 'Yeng jet Kew, taken rrom American ship—I live in the river; 87 dsys ago four men came to viy boat and wanted me to convey some wood; I was sent to Chungdren acd servant. Mrt C JL.ir.htun. two children and servant;Or C B Kuttelt, Isaac. C Ogden, MT: Marcva Arias, Havana;Mateo I«an no, do: A Mack, Cmetenattt: M Kindak.iph do; BW Hemmerling. F Fortek. D Wolff. Bent: B Gantter, Mr andMrs G B iiaase. Havana; Lleutstaat R B BielL UnitedStates Navy, Mr and Mrs Forick, Jams* Bollard, live at Ho Yune: 1 wat seized by two men about twenty by Officers Becker, Brown tad Morrison, sad tbe doer MraW Cohen and child. Man A Hirsoh. Mrs A T Hall. Mrdays ago and tied up; I was taken to Chung Chow snd asked if I would consent to go aboard with foreigners I refuted, and my thumbs and great tost were ti-d toge- ther; my tall wat tied up, and I was thus suspended, hoisted off tbe deck of the Ha Kue Liang. I was in a dreadful torture; tben I was tent on board a foreign ship and asked if I would go; I again refused, and wasbarricaded.Not a moment was lost Up stairs went s score ofand Mn Eobeiliin and cjnld, ft T; Mrt Mebblns, Mrs B B Bell,Mn Cspt Tinker. Matter Tinker J Tousad. NY; B 0 Buichia-tin, HLouis,MrsMeKsasne,N1;UnaDePastre,HissDePertre, Mrs Dr HamUtoa, Baltimore; Matter Hamilton. do; Mrs DePettre. Mrt 8 Frank. New Tork; B Weadt, Mr and Mra Pryor,fix children and ssrvtnt; Jules Bars. PauadelphU; Mr andMrs J Joseph and four children; Mr fepprtoh, ft O, Mr aadMrt J P Marinat. Venezuela; Mrs Mary Vlrst; D O rent on board the Ha Kue Liang again. put to more tor- good care to arm pretty high. The test'rents were forcedmy toes were tortured; s lighted Joes stick was applied Baron Vincent de Tuyll de 8erooekerken, chambertua Mr Barret Chat Clere, BOrle»ts; A Biguet, Job* Hulier, u> my ancles (marks shown of a bad burn) until I oould to the King of Holland, hat jest died at the Hague, ewte—B» ttwdSsBii5- l5SS*bear the pain no longer; to I went on board tbe foreigner; avant Hector Jsoob, Ctmuel MaFherton Goorse Lee, J B a knife; they again asked him; bt again refujted, they M Morose Satoti, IVofsmor at tbe OMasrvatoiiOdtMa-Dahe there saw a Portuguese who asked whether be waswilting to go; hereptiod, « Y e s " tb* Portuguese asked ;Lim how hit clothes became so wet; he said, "The people ot board the hakow had beaten and ducked him;-' he w !lB t z °*v *°* b0*rd *** w t " treated tb*whole time.Tbe others till the same story, and their statements are, to a certain extent, oonxirmea by the following ex tracts from a letter published to tb* Chin* MmC :—cmley, at the rate of lf'.OCs francs t « 3 " " . V T S ;frOiuglim earned (or bto imprstsario 80jB»to three montbt, staging at Fnrts, Milan and Turto. price at Mi'an was xVlO a BightThe dtenar of Nteo ttatet that ttc t ^ P * * ofibo. Frencb bat ohored tbe Empress Dowager d BS m ,"M,£!«*D; K o B t r t •s'atit- • » DorUn. Jaatso Msara,^**^ W^U i-^ktun, B O Apoelbe. T v HowelL ft Brown. with a stick an inch thick, not by a gate keeper, but by s atI hav* seen aosotto to the yard of s bsrracoon, beatenJtt VStrdford, h B Barttcw, ftiaa B Kobsn.OBrown snd gentleman agent. • * * At first the friends of the A very comic accident bsstappenedtoJL *£**!*WUiltmWBmnrsosTcJBuet; tt&*lF^£j*ir ***** » * their live* just died at the age of eighty.owacr to Virginia, and, knowledge of thewrote letters for him,was tent to procure i be was employed, be was arrested by;Xlwill aii lave a chance to see htm. He to M bethe depot, to go to Virginia by the Brat testa. Keep ioi those ttairs end you Sill have a s'ght' A Bomber ofFrom the office of Commtomoner leach, lath* Mutualmore of retofute men—tbe rest "pi'ing in" proniiteTjsasly, shouting ard execrating tbe officers. Soon a stone new siratoBt the dcor—then another—and bang, bang! west off a couple of pistols, bnt the officers who fired teem took•arm-*Park* likewise at Marseilles.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069h* nixtyeighth year, whilst they«^iifi{T? ledtotbeaHartoonlytoherrwentytttirdyear.•"Imncrtel ccurieii from Marwiiloi to Cvwtimuaople, Iwww.fultonhistory.comlitvet that all tha «w>iw>« mS i f tuows*. BO B « . Mrs I M Bulkner. Mri Brora t ^ M i a t e i a ^ M ^ ^ a l j L " " - ? Alsaajidar'BiehmrndL MrsMJsaret. »ft »Ali.hl>in, AK.'A.