 i? h i m if t h e went,e indi-» * • •. 'rAdverttsemejaiJ[ ..-'-\o£bryteaIre- ot"ici->1*>a*ire *».of>rs »r» sr»-sn- sir »»> t:.o jnt,sr*lrhTenth: 01violatingtheCompromisemeasuresof 1850Cericans will secure the Rosario Channel to therjaeelves, accordingtotheirwishes;andtheywillleaveuewiththe Ilaro Channel, exactlv as they desire. W e on the othercondition, of-every rank, of every order, sometimes reaching to hundredsofthousands,which,whileOX- Jiregaing the most ardent sentiments of veneration] andove for us, and for thiB chair o f St. Peter, and the in- dignation felt by them a t th e audacious acts accom- pbshed in certain of our provinces, declare that theporal andcivil thing*."Thus,inthe encyclicalletterofthe19thof January curredinone ofthe nppe*rooms,andresultedin tbo it is the temporal sovereign who speaks in the name ofa temporal interest, but in the forms and with the par- mortal wounding of Mary Stewart, one o f the inmate* ticularcharacterwhichappertaintotheheadofthe oftheplace. Theoriginofthedisturbancecouldnot Church., be ascertained, but during its •ontinuance Marywa*'-*N*Getting into t h e carriage again, he insisted on being Jf:OM ANn IIOAREOCND, if you are suffering Ctem Cougfec,conveyed to the upper part of the city, but the pro- Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, or in fact any tang disease. It cess b« found at all Drufjvts.I»IThus, then, the duty of France is fulfilled. The in-* #youaread—doldfool." t ;• Wepreachnonewdoctrin*. weinvoke no new seestillretained. Webelievethatthecourseactually to order public prayers inyour dioceses. You'did Thisenactmentisformal, an.dwecouldaethaveIn-.. ThereforeIsay,asthosemenarenotpunished,bat God, but,standingbvtheolddoctrineof76. upon pursuedbyourGovernmentisinconformitywiththis notcontentyourselveswiththeletters,sofullof fringeditjhadnotthemoderationandthetolerationof asfarasThirteenthstreet,andthatiustepping£r*nt M Walker goes to visit the President of the tinted which oar fathers fought and died, we say with Crit- principle. We have reason to think that the proposals devotion and love, which you addressed tons,jbut, the Administration thought,fitto derogate from so ab- the car to the street he fell and rewivod the fracture oC State*, that you are guilty of ffllibustenng. ^If he had tenden, that " that which is good to stand upon isgood made to the Americans are such as may fairly satisfy to the glory of your name and order, raising solute a prohibition. We were infornsed this eveumg, the skull which produced death. The Coronef's •faigr, beentakenatteaoyanyGovernmentofsufficient groundtofallupon." Weinvokethepeopleoithe bothcountries.InsteadofstandingoutfortheRo- theepiscopalvoice,youpublishedwritings|full withoureotemporaries,thatwernightreproducethe afterhearingtheevidence,returnedaryordisl;eettiugpower abroad, that dare execute the law contrary to North and South to stand by the Constitution of the sario Channel anc" the whole group'.of islands, as of science and of piety, defending energetically the Pontifical letter without impropriety. *?_ * •e. *,*4u» troops to defend u s ! " O h, shame! A re you would certainly not follow tbat the island theroby be- going to bring us to that 7 Is this the reward that you came any more American territory than it was before. oner u»; that you will call on Louis Napoleon,the des- Now, Gen. Harney not only furnished his countrymen pot of France, and his troops, and he will defend us with a military guard,"but he took possession of San against theaw Northern traitors and fanatics. Are you Juan KJsHaelonging to the United States, and proclaimederable amount of church furniture haa been destroyed, the oufhions in the galleries were torn up and thrown into the body of the church, Bibles and Prayer-books flewaboutinalldirections,andmanyofthealtardec- orations have been injured.the national will does not fear discussion, but it ought to be able to protect effectually, against those who wouldoverthroworcompromisethem,publicorder, the independence of the State, a n d the authority, and dignity o f religion.It is with that object that I propose to your Majesty to apply to the Univers the 32d article of the decree ofof liquor, procured a carriage and drove to a drinkingsaloon at the corner of Barrow and Hudson streets,wherehedrankseveraladditionalglassesofliquor.' -*—-•— [Advertisement.] • '•BE SUREYOUARERIGHT,And inquire for Mrs. GARDNER'S IRDIAK BAIAAX o r Lrv»si-/ /7thought that those provinces wore t o be abdicated b y UB, by reason of the' seditious movements which were excited there from time totime,weopportunelyre- plied to him that this argument had no value, because it proved too much, as similar movements took placeseems no longer possible to lead back the population of vit that h e r motives are purely o f a disinterested na-the Romagna, unless compelling them by force.TheEmperorthoughtthatitwasmoreadvantageous 'ture; that shewishes thechildtobeinpossessionoffor the Pope to give the Romagna than to reconquer it her, natural guardian. T h e wri£; of habeas corpusV*.wbaxtheCourtssayareobiterdicta—powersbelonging lo th e legislative department, political-powers, n o tudicial.amannerastoresultindeathyesterday afternoon. As soonastheaffair becameknown, Officer FieU oftheFifthPrecinctwasdispatched,andlearnedthat afterreceivingtheinjuriesthewomanhadbeentreated privately in the house by interested persons, who wer* anxious to conceal the real facta from the police. P o -necessary for their convenience, and which will thus emotion that we could not, in -our joy, refrain from It was in wishing "to subject, according to the very lice-Surgeon Kennedy was called in, and-found the. "terms of;the declaration of1682, Kings and Sov- womanprostrate onthefloor,andevidentlynear heri*'.f * Wtell TOU, Commodore, «*Ostend,beforeIbecame No,gentlemen. That isthe,reason Icamehereto- coursetheyweredefining,sothatwomayseekinvain giousandcivilsocietyinItaly is overwhelmed,|and [CourtofRomeleavoinodoubtuponthisquestionand« ^tecaidate of the Sonthern •Democracy, that we -wanted night, because I heard this thing is talkedof—because for the true apitit Of the law. But, if there is obscu- what audflcione and abominable acts of revolt were di- reeolves it negatively. I n fact, Art. I . of that law•theresultofafall. TheyfartherrecKxninendedrtttj* a phjsician be appointed to attend each of tueStsrtksi Houses, in order that medical attendance-may & •it is threatened. I come to tell you; aa Ilive, as we Spain wbnHTuot sell it w e would take it in any way; aU live, there is not a single true Republican but wili- * " •- says:. £r '"-.---' rected both againflt the legitimate Princes of tN> ?%jj»,; $•••• -1'Cuba, and. that we would buy it if we could, and ifanddo5ousupposethatwbeixwesaywedon'tmean shedhislast,dropofblood'beforehewillsubmitto vention,thattheproceedingsshouldberegulated belongstous,totbiBHolySee;and,reBoonding«jour feivtngtoallprivilegesandimmunitiesofcitizensintheseveral States.itbeforce,andwhenthatisusedalllawissUent,and the Government becomes a despotism; whenever you resort to violence you have an anarchy aj has Mexico, which is continually at war because it does not standerable,infact,isthe concessionthusmadethatitrea- sonably suggests a litt'e compensation, and we believe the American Government will be asked to give us the whole of a certain coast headland which the 49th par-Ministry,whichhasbeendivinelyintrustedtonimby Christ our Lord. Instructed by your teaching, and in- cited by your example, the well-beloved children of the Catholic Church nave taken, and are still adopt-and on this point the competency of the Court of Rome could not be admitted without disavowing all the tra- ditions of tho Church of France. T he memorablelarsofa drunkenandbrutalaffray whichoceurfodat No. 41|Thomasttreet, lastSaturdaynight, wwfortS« first time madeknown to Capt. Hutcblugs of thsrlttkomadatec; andIsay: "Why,Doctor%the womanis <rying; in the name of God what are you going to do ?" *' Well," says he, " the woman is dying; I am sorry; but I am going to vindicate myself in history." Great God! are w e American people—the free people of the nation—to die ? The Union is to bo dissolved—he intends to vindicate t h e Democratic party in history. 1 telTyou, good sense calls for a change of doctors. The TJfemocratic party has brought you on the roadto tho devil. Turn them out and put other men at the helm-A VOICE-—Who do you propose 1Mr. CXAY—I am willing to take any two Republi-address he was continually interrupted with applause, being a t least 3,000 persons present, of whom about and foreign disturbers of the other provinces whein theycheers,andshoutsofassenttotheprinciplesannounced. 1,000 wereboys,whohadcome withthe determina- shouldwitnessthesuccessoftherebels. And,amongAt it* clo«e, rounds of cheers were given for th e nation of making a row, and who took possession of other things, we caused it to be made known to th^ same the s a d position assumed by the Papacy coming for-caure through all the days of m y youth—all the daysFromTheLondonTimes,Jan.30.Yesterday evening there was a frightful riot, result- •of European power. Let us look at that. Mr. Breck- man—despised and ignored by the white man—faithful ing in the.destruction of much of the church propertyBut it is impossible for us not to deplore the attituteInspiteofthefactthatthemostinclementsnow- storm was raging which has visited our city this Win- ter, a crowded, intelligent audience thronged the great halloftheInstitutetolistentotheaddress.gatesshouldbethrownopen. Awed,however,to difficulties,andconrideringoursacredcharacter,andMr. Clay acquitted himself well, although sufferingspeaker, and the large audience dispersed.EUEOPE.ARRIVAL O F THE ARAGO.The steamship Arago arrived on Wedne&day morn- ing, from Ilavre on the 31st ult., and Southampton Feb. 1. Her news has been anticipated by the Bohemian. Shethere was no actual riot outside, but at 6J the public were admitted into the church, and then commenced proceedings ofwhich it will beourpainfuldutyto give some description. Evening service at St. George's commencesat/ o'clock,andataquarterofanhourdynasty of any Royal family, but to all Catholics. And at the earn© time we declared that "we could not surrenderwhatdoes notbelong to us;andthatWe perfectly understood that the victory which might be accordedtotherevoltedoftheEmiliawouldbeaour day would be the most dangerous prerogative for the Papacy, is, by a strang'e contrast, bnly th e unde- niableproof.ofhisdependency; for,beforeasafterthe war ofltaly, we find Rome bentunder the influence of Austria—underthatinfluencewhichFatherLacordaire so justly considered a cause o f decline and fall o f the Holy See.one of the attractive features of the city; bat through the medium of this paper, his views and experiences will reach very many who have desired to know mora ofhissuccessfullabors.•THE CUSTODY OF "LITTLE ELLA" AGAIN IN DI*. PUTE.—Mrs. Martha Burns has been for six weeks past, with h e r adopted daughter, " Little Ella," t h ecans, North or South—any man of whose fidelity to our brkrgs 97 passengers and a cargo of 850 tuns, valued were slammed, lucifer-matches struck, and, attemptshis Majesty was not ignorant by what men, with what venerable origin. W e do not fear that they will suc-money, and what Buccor the recent attempts at re- ceed, for the policy of the Emperor cannot give occa- Lowrey of the Supreme Court, upon the petition of aprinciples we shall be assured.WHA T SHALL THE REPUBLICANS DO ?at $3,000,000, and has experienced moderate, change- more than, once made to put out the gas. I n this there was-a regu&r organization, but it was n o t successful,bellionhavebeenexcitedandaccomplishedatBologna, sion,weare certain, toany legitimateanxiety. The man by thenameofBrewster,towhom the ohild'sTbeSepubucansmustnotallowanyman'saspira- . . tionsfortiePresidencytooverridetherrloyaltytothe principles and success of the party. They must ab-ableweatherthroughoutthepassago.GEEAT BRimiN. THE SA N JUAN DIFFICULTY.From TheLondon Timet, Jav. 80.It is but a short time since the thoughts of the coun- try,nowconcentratedonFrenchtreatiesandItalianRavenna, and other towns, while the great majority of Emperor, inspired.by a devotion which, for ten years, father, a t Cindnnati, h a s issued a powe of attorney, .although,variotispartsofthechurchwereattimes thepeopleremainedstupefiedatthoserisings,which hasneverbelieditselfonesingleday,firstcounseledstain from any depreciation ot any possible candidate of th« Chicago Convention. But, trusting to that Con- vention to select a standard-bearer o f tried courage,ability, and patriotism, theymust all stand byhim.They must never lose ^heir fraternal feeling for th emob acted without check of any kind, for, although there was a strong force outBide, not ono policeman was allowed to enter the church. •'•••••At. the Garrick Theater, close by, where there was a religiousserviceconducted"bythemcumbehtof oneof the aistxict churcheB of St. George'8-in-the-East, the«re wereseveralpolicementopreserveorder.At7o'clockmeans disposed to follow. tegrity of hia dominions.- Those counsels were re- Appended to this petition was the affidavit of. Mrs. "And, inasmuch as.the Most Serene Emperor< jected; theevil hasbecome aggravated,andnowit E.F.EDetofthiscity. Thisladystatesin1oraffida-Southfnthedayoftriumph; batasindefeattheyweredefiant,soinsuccesstheyshouldbeallthemore struggles,weredirectedwithnoslightsolicitudetoaat the coet of the blood of his subjects by foreign inter- called for the instant production: of the prodigy in aprocessionofpriestsandchoristersenteredthe frequentlybothintheStatesofEuropeandelsewhere;' vention. HesaidBOsincerelytotheHolyFatherina Court,whereatMrs.Burnswasofcoursemuchdis-"Toboxfault*alittlebUnd, Tohervirtuesverykind."eration of the two Governments concerned, was.suc- the rector, who waB followed by the Rev. C. F . Low- "WhiletheliberalmenoftheSouthmustbefirstpro- cessfully^escaped,but thequestionitself ispending derandtenortwelvechoristers,habitedintheirwhitemoted to power, they must ever remember that this is still, and it will not be uninteresting to the public to * Union of sovereign States, and the courtesy of na- learn the position in which it stands. Certain featuresaddressed to us a letter of a very different kind fromhis last before the war in Italy—a letter which broughtus consolation, a n d n o t affliction; And, from* somewords in the Imperial letter published in the journalcration proceeded from every part of the church. M r. aforesaid (the Moniteur), we prayed his Majesty, in justice toward her, however great it may be, will not King, who appeared to be seriously ill and very much the name of the Church, that, in consideration!of his have the power to make her desert her task of modera- depressed, took his place on the seat on the south side own good and h is own benefit, he should. completely tion and protection. At Rome ehe would still, if needstions as well as the Constitution demand from them to abstain from all illegal and vexatious interference withof the case render it one of the most curious, perhaps, which even t h e oversights o f diplomacy ever pro-robes. Their app6arance in the church caused intense excitement. People jumped o n t o their seats, pew- doors were violently Blammed, and loud ehouts of exe-We are far from contesting his right to doso, and we have the convictionthat the advice of Franca will never be turned into menace or constraint.the municipal institutions of the States.And while the South, have a right to claim, under duced.the Constitution, protection against servile insurrections When, after a long altercation, it was finally decidednavea rightto claimofthemthat tbeythrownodes- between the possessions of Great Britain and the latter gentleman aaid thefirstportionoftheprayers, charity,with_whichwe arebound towatchoyerthepotic obstacle in the way of the advance of civilization United States on North-American territory, litigation Mr. King the last. Scarcely a word was audible. eternal safety of all, we recalled to his mind that weicalauthorityoftheHoly Father everywhere elseis transactanybusiness. Mr.JeUinghaus,Mr.Carrigan,destined to go through other crises, the responsibility and the venerable President, were the only membersmust not fall upon the generous nation which has present. From the weekly statement it appears that done everything to obviate them, a n d which will b ealwaysreadytograntthattrustysupportwhichisig- thetotalnumberofarrivalsfromthe1stofJulytoths•carried on by her own citizens. When they shall de- might have been fairly supposed at an end, and ex- Hitherto the congregation had contented themselves all should one day have to rendera strict account be-sire emancipation, we shall stand ready in a fraternal cepting, indeed, for a particular and unforeseen embar- spirittoaidthembythepowerand"thetreasuryof rassment,suchwould,doubtless,havebeentheresult.with " saying" the responses, in opposition to the chor- fore the tribunal of Christ, and undergo a most 'severe* isters,whosangthem,butlastnighttheyindulgediu judgment,andthatthereforeeachofusoughttodo<theUnitedStates. Does shewishaplaceofretage forherliberatedslaves? Wewillgiveheroneinthe Isles of the Gulf of Mexico, and the central regions of America, of easv access. Where the tropical pro- ductionsmaybecultivstedbycongeniallabor,andour resources in commerce and production be united to the -extension o f our political growth i n climes where nly the colored races can live and prosper.responseswhicharenotinthePrayor-book,andwhich energeticallywhatdependedon him,to merit mercynoredtoday. 'GITZ ITEMS.14thinstant,was2,392,being1,155lessthanduringths sameperiodlastyear. Numberofinmatesatinstxtutiosi on Ward's Island, 845; overdraft Jan. 1, $11,653 16; aggregatereceiptstoFeb.15forcommutationofpas- eengers, $56,452 35. Total, $44,799 19. . Disburse-While *we advance our party standard South, it diismemberment of wliat was confessedly British terri- annstbedonebypeacefulandpersuasivemeans,tillin toryithadbeenagreedthattheline,after strikingtheDEATHFROMAPorLExr.—-JohnB.AllenofNo.3$Klir.abeth street, died yeaterd&y at tho Nexc-York Hospitalthe long centuries w e shall become a hoinogeneoaa ..people of one liberty and common interests. To these beneficent aims will in vain be opposed th e threat ofDitjunion by the Democratic party. DISSOLUTION.Let us look a little a t that thing of dissolution. O a e would.suppose, with Canada f a r removed, that when, it has become dangerous for one to speak when thereare millions ofwhite mentoa fewhundred v thousand slaves, that slave property had become n n -justice j to maintain entire and inviolate the civil' power of the Roman Church,'with its temporal possessions,fromtheeffectsofafitofapoplexy,withwhichhewastafcesi BULL'S HEAD.—-The number of cattle in the yards on Monday, while in the Apsey-office. Deceased was about fi* yeaisof ace. very large, and was form©*ly located withttw" «afe. Dissolve the Union and move the Ijne north of That to the west is knawn as the Haro Channel; that 'theOhio,and,would youhave additional security? totheeastaatheRosario. If,therefore,the'boundary Doe*anymanjsuppoae—is anyman mad enoughto linewerecarrieddowntheformer,itwouldthrowall suppose,thatifthesepeople,onceboundtogetherbya theislandsinto theAmerican side;if itwere takenlaughter. T h e Rev. ^gentlemen bore this indignitywith'apparentlystoicarindifference; andwhen tran-. ".of-moralst"exhortsthosewhom lieaddre8sestode-UAKPKK'8 FK^JNSTX.V.VNrA SLATK COM$*AXY.DEPOT AX» GEOTSBAL Aoasrcr, . '-..""<, N6.-45Ifeooerd-st.VKICa XISJT. FOR THE METALLIC SLATE*. 1, size 10x14 inchescommon brotherhood o f suffering, b y associatiou in -churches, by a common Christianity, by the ties of edu- cation and a common glory, cannot remain in peace Inthrough the latter, it would give them all to the British. That we, under-such circunibtances, should stickle for the-Rosaiio Strait, while"the.Americans stand out forquillity had been to some extent restored, addressedtbeboyspresent,remindingthem that oneday theymightb'ja laid on a bedef sickness, when the awful sinof saerilege which they were then committing wouldlieeupin judgment against them. T h e boys, how-ever, were proof against the Rev. gentleman's seriousand earnest admonition, which they responded to witha shout of derisive laughter. Mr. King, Mr. Lowder,and the choristers made their way to the ^e3tr3 -roomwith great difficulty, being more than once subjected5to personaAt this moment a cry was raised for the demolitionof the altar, which was elaborately decorated, and thethreat would have been carried out had not the al ar-gato been gallantly defended by Mr Stutfield, a son ofthe county magistrate of that name, a n d one of H r .Kind's choristers. Over the apse or quasi-altex is afend zealously 8nd incessantly the Catholic Church and theHolySee,"aswellasthemaintenanceofthe<civil "power of the same See and of the "patrimony of St. "Peter;" and concludes by exhorting them to offer their prayers to Heaven for the attainment of th«eeobjects.The MonUtur of Jan. 20 contlined a decree of theEmperor suppressing the drivers.The following report of the Minister of the Interiorprecede8,the decree:SiitK: The Univers wastheorganof a religiousparty whose pretensions were every day becoming in more direct opposition t o the privileges o f the State. The incessant enbrta of this party tend to dominate the French clergy, to confound t h e religious opinions, toNo.No. 2, size SxI3 inches..; the UjKon,tb*t they would remain in peace out of it. 'the Strait of Haro, will not be considered surprising.You have your answer when you see Gov. Wise who, in the last Presidential race, talked of seizing the arsenal, and marching to Washington to take posses-.sion o f the archives, and preventing the inauguration of a KepubHcaa President, saying, now, if there is any fighting to be done, it is to be done in the Union, and not out of it. When you see your Democratic orators talkhig round and becoming the defenders of the Union, don't you all begin to see the folly of the thing—don't vou all see, what all men of common sense must see, that outside of the Union there lies less security for idaveproperty ? Certainly y o u d o . Do you supposeAs far as the letter of the Treaty goes, we believe it would be simply impossible to execute it according to the American proposal. According to the best infor- mation w e c a n obtain, no vessel keeping o n such a course as the terms of the Treaty prescribe^ could by possibility get into the Haro Channel, and.it is, we be- Jieve, alvo tme, tbat a* far as any channel was known or used at the time of the Convention, it was the Ro- sario Channel, and no other. However, for reasons to be prewentJy mentioned, we shall not insist on this point anv further. jwill, owing to their greatly increased number, holdtheir regular meeting for this evening (Thurediy)iuNo. 4, size 8x12inches. No. 5, size ?x 11 inches. No. 6, size 7x10inches.• « • * * • * • • • •the knife, and the knife to the hilt. That is what would be the result. Where is the security for riave property then 1 Would eight millions of whitegroup of islands', all of which together would be trans- ferred either to England or America, according as the Rosario or Haro Cnannel were taken as the channeland hurled at it. Many of them struck it, and every moment it. was expected that it would come down. A sbases on which the relations between the Church and civil society are founded. This war, made against our most ancient national traditions, is most dangerous to• CARD FKICBS-AGENT* WASTED BT COXI^T, ineverycityandtown. Sam-ple*furnishedonreceiptof ^ AjdMO^ ^ ^ A ^ t All Metallic or Rubber SLATKS not having " Green's Pateat'* marked thoreoH, are infringements, and persons seUin* the sam*willbeheldrcpo-iblefordanu*^ ft G J U U ^ ^ ^ ^ ^%. -• —T Advertisement 1BATOHELOR'S HAIR DYE, W I G and TOUPK*FACTWT, RjwevRn to 16 Bend-at. Private Hair-DysdimRoosasv BATCHELOH'S HAIK-DTEIHO E«TA»u«H»aurT resaeved *•>rity on this pomtj there is perfect clearness on another. It was most eensibly presumed, at the time of the Con-States and the legitimat© and eacred sovereignty Vernon "No! this; they will fight fofa thOusahd years ere they will Court ©)iv coaeerning0 ptABc,vriihoutta©rather by mutual utility and advantage than oy any wishes end our cares, you hastened, without low of may boreceivee", h*r*agreat-notiontodismissyonfromtheservice; submit;thevwillnotrelapseintoFrenchservitude. otherconsideration,andthisgroundweshould.liketo time,andwitha zealwhichnothingcouldarrest, permissionoftheto hare Nicaraugua, w e dont want to have it] IS ©vemznent.".grey-eyedmanofdestiny. .,_'*•, Seventh: Tbey have established a censorship of thepress by a Post-Office usurpation, which Amos Kendall"tentiontodissolvetheUnion1 Look attherecord. notonlyevadethetwodisputedcourses,butwillleave civilsovereigntyoftheRomanChurch. Constantly Episcopacy. Onthefirstgrounds,itimposesuponusNot a single County meeting, nor District Convention, the Americans in possession of the larger share of the defending that sovereignty, you mide it a glory to a respect whieh we shall scrupulously observe.nor State Assembly, n o r National Convention of th e debated territory. This channel runs through the group avow and to teach that, by a particular design ofDiyine But it does n o t concern questions of faith, for thoRepublican party has ever declared that, in any emer- of IslandSj and, though not so broad as either the Haro Providence, who directs and governs all tnings," it has settlement of which the authority of the Pope is onlygency,willtheydissolvetheUnion. No,Sirs;wesay orRosarioStrait,isneverthelessnavigable. Inits beengiventotheRomanPontiff,inorderthat,1not abeolutewhenconformabletothesacredcanons,and prompttyafforded-wheuneeessary. x"••• allthetimethatwesubmittoDemocraticrule,while courseitcutsoft*theIsleofSanJuanalonetothewest, beingsubjecttoanyCivilPower,hemayexercisein inaccordwiththeuniversalconsent,oftheassembled.dared* not do, which the Democratic Senate then voted ft*-down,andforwhichPostmaster-Generalshouldbe '' Imp—obedanddisgraced.»MURDER IN THOMAS STRZET.—Some of tb*-p*rtio»-the slave-holders rule us, and we submit because we and consequently leaves us with this island only, while complete liberty, and without hindrance throughout provides'that the citizensof each State shallbe entitled know <f no other policy, no other alternative, except the Americanawill retain the remainder. So consid- the universe, the supreme charge of the ApostolicIfcJS*.- O f a violation of th e Constitution, whichChurch. Apoliticalquestionaloneishereunderconsideration,THE RELIGIOUS DISSENSIONS I N S T . GEORGE'S-IN-THE-EAST.schisms and heresies; and our epoch istoo enlightened for such distractions ever to arise from a passing mis- understanding.succeeded in arresting Ephraim Huso, Enoch Folks, James Griffiths, colored, and AnnStyles, a white wom- an, on suspicion of having been engaged in the fight.W"^**^PMlllilthe Hospital, whidSt Was accordingly done. Here ho remained insensible most of the time til death ensutMl on Tuesday nigbi. , ! ^ *Thesuppositionisthat,tradinghimselfbebg-oom~ rinted,orotnenvitemad< vcyedhome,Mr.Collinsjumpedfromthecarriagoand immediately took a Sixtb-aveam? car and rode u jyoursympathy,hewouldhavebeenhongunilhewas UnitedStatesandvindicateitbeyondthepossibilityof againsttheHaroChannel,andnoneofthem,athird caufioofourmost holyreligion, andstigmatiz- Thisletterisadeclarationfromtheheadofthe forththatthedeceasedcametohisdeathfromcom- •dead, aud there would have been the last of Billy, the a doubt. Who are tho men that have avowed the]in- channel is proposed for the boundary line, which will ing the sacrilegious attempts directed against! the Church, addressed to hia venerable brothers of ihe pression of the brain caused by afractwo-of the okuH,Ninth: O f sympathizing with foreign despots,asBuseia and Austria against Hungary. Kossuth said, by any constitution or law. All our pledges and ante- allel new cuts in two. We do sincerely hope that this ing, every means to testify to us the same sentimente. declaration of 1682, to which the name of Bossuet is so Precinct on Tuesday evening. The house mentioneda single word of protest without the firing of a gun on cedents prove tbat we are bound to b e loyal to the reasonable proposal will be accepted. I t appears to us Frcm every part of the Catholic world we have re- gloriously attached, eays, textually: is occupied by blacks and whites of the most degrade*•ourpart,wouldhave savedtheindependenceof Hungary*UnionoftheseStates; and,therefore,Isay,weca safely claim your suffrages, not taking ua by our avow als, but taking us by our a rts. If We have submitte foreightyyears,wearewillingto submit for eight years more, unless we can persuade you to take hoitoanswerallthoBepurposesofmutualconvenience ceivedletters,thenumberofwhichcanscarcelybe "TfcatSt.Peterandbis8ncc©»«or»,vicaraofJesusChrist,andtbat tho whole Church itself have only received power from God character, w h o have drunken brawls almost everywhichtheTreatyoriginallycontemplated. TheAme- couited,signedbyecclesiastics,andbylaicsofevery forspiritualthingsand-whichconcernsalvation,andnottem- nightintheweek. OnSaturdayeveuing,afightoc-£lcpenth .•OfviolatingtheCompromiseof18&). Twelfth: O f the usurpation of the Supreme Courtv ofpoliticalpowerintheJ>redScottcase,wherethey ofthosegloriousprivilegeswhichweholdtoberight hand,thoughweshalllosethree-fourthsofthedebated ^undertake' to overthrow th e decisions of all the State In vain has Greek, Roman, Goth, Moor, and Vandal torritory',Tjhall retain the Isle of San Juan, and thus ac- •Courts, and the acta of all ihe Presidents who lived in broken over the mountain and water barriers of Euro quire a eecure access to our continental possession1!. I nthe days of the Bevolution, and in the assumption by pean lands. Sopn the natural bounds of nations reas reality, the mere territory is of little consequence to patrimony of the.blessed St. Peter shall be preserved There is, then, here, an abuse of jurisdiction, which, struck on the head and beaten about the bodyin suds, Thirteenth:, Ofraisinga eMUwarinKansas,and prosecuting John Brown raids, as I have shown.Fourteenth .• O f introducing a sham " Popular Sov- ••reignty."Fifteenth: Of an attempt to legislate Slavery into is one. the TerritoryofKansasbythelate Lecomptonmove-ment.Sixteenth t O f denying naturalized citizens equalprotection with natives in foreign lands, requiring alle-giance to and defense of the United States, and yet re- of my manhood—crushing out the aspirations of ambi- iusing the reciprocal power of protection. tion, which in a good purpose is a God-given inspira-SeventeenthiOfattemptingtothrowtheRepublic tion,whichliftsusabovethebeasts—whicheat,drink, Into a condition of colonial vassalage, under the rule and are merry, and to morrow die!—injured bythe black'Consolation, who consoles us in our tribulation.The Pope then alludes to the Imperial letter:"Recently, as many of you already know, the Parisjournal entitled the Monitcur published a letter of theEmperor of the French, replying to a letter from u«, inis the center. do for her, but his efforts were unavailing and shegued Thanks to Heaven, we are no longer in the times of shortly afterward. Officer Field, after much trouble,sertthemselves;andthepeoplessubsideintothe! eitherparty,whilesafenavigationisofmateralim- inviolateinallitsintegrity,andprotectedfromallat- withoutdispensingusfromarespectfuldeference,can- original races andtongues. Here alltheriversand portancetoboth. Bythearrangement,nowdelineated tack. Manyofthose who: signed theselettershavej notpreventafreejudgment. !,..".mountains run north and south, and proclaim the eter- nalunityofthiscontinent. Thefrozenregionswher fellihefatedFranklinsweep!unbrokenwith barrier to the sunlit shores of th e Mexican Gulf. The sameach cotintry will have a channel of its own, while the territorywill besodivided that the.Americanscan makeno complaintoftheirallotment. Wereallydo not see bow any adjustment could be more judiciously devised than one which will not wound the self-love ofmoreover, established-with much force and knowledge thattruthinpublishedwritings. Thesestrikingmani- festationsofyoursentiments,andofthesentimentsof the faithful," worthy of all honor and of all praise^ and which will remain inscribed in letters of gold in theLet us not heeitate to express our full Opinion.The adversaries of thePapacy have alwaysre- proacheditforitsefforts tooverstepthespiritualdo main which is exclusively its own...They have raised against it th e minds of many independent men wno.race this night speaks one language on the Atlanticand th e Pacific coasts. For good or evil, our destiny either State, which will give both StoteB what is really annals of the Catholic Church, have caused uslBuch refuted their submission except in matters of faith.THE CONCLUSION.Men of New-York, I have stood here and by this mise. .terminate a protracted dispute by a sensible compro- crying out, ' Blessed be God, the Father of our [Lord " ereigns to the ecclesiastical power," tbjtt whole na- dissolution. M r. Kennedy did all it was possible to 'Jesua Christ, t i e Father of Mercy and God of all tions were alienated from that unity of which Romewhich w e earnestly prayed h is Imperial Majesty toinridge, die papers tell us, " is pad." What is the to one aspiration, the liberties of mankind and the in the parish Church of St. George-in-'the-East. Un- protect with his powerful patronage, in the Congress which has been forced upon Pius LK. under circum- Ann charges that the fatal blow was struck by Husoiunion of theee States. What now to me the rose colors happily, notorious aa thie parish has become in' conse-hadpossessionoftheGovernmentfornearly"three- oflife! Thefrostswhichnevermolt,settleuponmy quenceofthereligiousdifferenceswhichprevail,and dominionoftheHolySee,andtofreeitfromacriminal oughttoallayitselfeowellwiththeaugustcharacter FolksconfessedthathestruckMaryStewartoneor-quartersofacentury—yonhaveputupandyouhave locks! Godgivemestrength,amidIknow,notwhat seriousashavebeenthedisturbanceswhionhavetaken rebellion. Repeatinginhislettercertain"adviceyhich oftbeHolyFather. Isitnotsadtoseeinsograveaput down—yoa have^haa control of th e domestic and terrors for the body and the soul, to stand there to my place? everything which has previously occurred sinks a short time before ne offered us relative to the rebel- document as that of which we speak the eternal cause more blows. The prisoners were taken to the Tombs,foreignpolicyofthecountry—youhavebeenomnipo- dyingday!-ShelteredunderthesameoldflagofourintomeigDificancewhencomparedwiththeterrible liousprovincesofourPontificaldominions,the|very- oftheChurchmixedupwithandloweredbyinterests andcommittedbyJusticeConnolly,toawaittheresultmatter, Jehu 7 You and the Democratic party haveof Paris, the integrity and inviolability of the temporal stanceswhen the spirit of conciliation appeared as if it and Elonora Jackson, daughter of Huso, asserts that4entinStatesandintheUnion, in theSenate and in fathersot'76—theConstitutionof'89!—eachstripewith "Congress—you have had the Executive and the Judic- the ages paling into a brighter galaxy of stars! In theecene which w a s witnessed there last night. T h e exalted Emperor counsels u s to renounce the posses-solittleworthyofit,andassociatedwiththefortunesofthevictim'sinjuries.ACoroner'sinquestwillbm of those Princes who, in Italy, only maintained them- held on the body to-day, when a thorough investiga-morning service, at which the Rev. Bryan King, the sion of these same provinces, finding in such renuncia- Rector, preached, as comparatively tranquil, the after- tion the only remedy for the present disorder of af-language of Daniel Webster—inscribed with n o euchmiserable interrogatory, "What is allthisworth?"nor those other wordB oi delusion and folly, " Slaveryand Union," nor yet, " Slavery first and Union after- would be impossible for any language adequately to de- After remarking that it was impossible for him to re-ial Departments of the Government—and the countryissick,i»it? Why,whatisthematter? Whohasbeen•doctoring it 1 W h o has caused this breaking up of thebonds orthe union, of which we have heard so much oflato T The "Vice-Presidentis sad. I am sad, you are sad,we are all gad. It is. indeed, a sorry sight to see a peoplein time of peace ana prosperity dragged to the verge ofdissolution; and the curious part of it is, and the cruelpart of it. that if one of you had a wife or daughterthatj o u tenderly, loved, as you ought, you would not act,i»younowdo,withthisUnion,oftheloveofwhichyou boast so much. I love my wife above all women;she is icthealth, and she goes and comes, she smilesand cries, works and plays, and does all those thingsthat naturedesignedhertodo; andif Icall insomedoctor upon some imaginary or real affection of thegreatcourseof.health,andthedoctorbringshertobed; the rose fades from her cheek; the bright eye greatly from a severe cold. During the delivery of his before that time the church was densely packed, there stimulant to commit the 8ame attempts to the native "becomes dull; and the full a n d round form becomesselves by the arms o f Austria, a n d could not return thereexceptatherback7In fact, one of the reasons given in the letter of the Pope for refueing the separation of th e Romagna is, that he could not abdicate that portion of h is territory without " detriment to the rights of the Princes oftionofthecircumstances attending themurderof tha woman will be made.•The Rev. Stephen H. jTyng, DJD., is n o w givingbut bearing his own glorious and immortal sentiments the only phrase at all applicable to it, " devilish."" We hastened to reply to the same Emperor, ind in the apostolic liberty oi our soul we clearly and openly declared to him that we could in no manner adhere to that counsel; because, considering our dignity anjdtbatfor the which and with tbe^which, in filialpietyI walk backward and cover u p h is late political nakedness, " Liberty and Union, now and forever, one and insep arable!"By o o'clock, Cannon street, in which the frontgates of the church are situate, was filled with people,who were anxious to obtain admission into the church,"Italy, tchohavebeenunjustly despoiledofllievr theChristianpublicthebenefitofhislongexperieuoonoonLitanyservice wasagooddeal interrupted,but fairs." at the evening service there was such a scene asitward," far less "Slavery with or without the Union," ecribe. T h e conduct of the congregation was, to use main Bilent after such advice, his Holiness continues:and loud and imperative demands were made that the of the Holy See, it was attendedwith inBurmouutftblehimaelf, as in the days of Boniface VIIL and Innocent The Independent, entitled "Familiar Letters on Sun- XII.,thearbitratorofpoliticalSovereignties!And, day-Schools." TheschooloverwhichDr.Tyugper-ftome exteit by the presence of a strong body of police, the rights of this same See, which do not belong (to the mark it well! this theocratical arbitration, which in sonally presides h a s been to residents and strangersthe galleries. that we cannot abdicate the aforesaid provinces of our ward to restore again*t the popular will Princes who,Previous proceedings at this church have been com- Pontfficial dominions without violating the solemn oaths having fallen at Solferino, h a d no .otli6r refuge than precocious child, about whoBe custody so much noise waspared to a theater on t h e first night of a pantomime, which bind UB, without exciting complaints and|insur-but no theatre ever contained BUCII an audience as that rection in the rest of our States, without doing an in- the hopesof all those who would have liked to see thewhich assembled* at St. George's last night. There jury to all Catholics, and, finally, without weakening Head ofChristianity resume the .prestige ot his pblit-was catcalling, cockcrowing, yelling, howling, hissing, the rights not only of the Princes of Italy who have calpower in union with regenerated Italy.showing*of the,most violent Kind, snatches of popular been unjustly despoiled of their domains,but also of all The encyclical letter will doubtless serve as a rally- 'made hosts of friends, and wassabout leaving for this eongs were Bung, loud cries of "Bravo "and "Order" the Princes of tho Christian universe, who could not ing point for manypassions which have nothing French city, full of honors a n d substantial rewards, but o * came frcm every part of the church, caps, hats, a n d see with ^difference the - introduction of certain most or Christian about them, and which will wrongly en- Monday last, Mrs. Burns was astonished a t being bonnets were thrown from the galleries into the bodyof the church and back again, while t h e pew-doorschurchandadvancedtotheiraccustomedplaceinfront andnoonecoulduseitasalegitimateargumenttore- letterworthyoftheeldestSonoftheChurchandoftressed,butprominentPhiladelphiacitizensatonce stepped forward to her aid, and Mr. ChUds of Chfids 6& Peterson, together with her attorney, M r. Funaa* Sheppard, became security for h e r appearance witisthe child on Friday of this week.•COMMISSIONERS OF "EMIGRATION.—For want of s o&thepartofthejgreatpeopleoftheUnion,sowe thatthe49thparallelshouldconstitutetheboundary ofthealtar,Mr.Lowderbeingonthenorth.The removeourapprehension. Movedbythispaternal, be,defendthoPopeagainstanarchy;butifthepolit- quorumyesterdaytheCommissionerswereunabletsNo sooner,however; hadtheCommissioners chargedwiththedutyofcuttingtheboundarylinebylandand werenothingshortofblasphemousmockery. Atthe ratherthanjustice.defining it by water proceeded to the dicpatch of busi- ness than they encountered a serious obstacle. E x - actlyoppositethepointatwhichthe49thparallel strikes the coast lies Vancouver's Island, a portion of which, if the boundary line had been prolonged with- out deviation, would have been cut off. To avoid thiscloee of the prayers, Mr. Lowder ascended the pulpit, " Such arc the thingB which, amonj* others, w e and was hissed and Veiled a t b y th e people with tre- answered to the very great Emperor o t the French;mendousenergy. Hewasunmovedbytheirassaults, andwoconsidereditourdutytocommunicatethemtoand gave as his text the 8 th chapter of St. Matthew's you, and to the whole Catholic universe, in' order that GoBpel, 26th verse—" And he aaith unto.thcm, why are you might know more and more that, with' the aid o f" ye fearful, O ye of little tyith 7 Then he arose, and God, and fulfilling the duty of our most important" rebuked the winds and the sea, and there was a gre/it ministry/we try all without fear, and spare no effort "calm." Hespokeveryenergetically,butamiacon- todefend courageously thecause ofreligionandofA sharp snow-storm commenced yesterday after- ments t o F e b . 8 , $26,751 96. Balance i n bank; noon, and, up to the hour of going to press, it had $18,047 23.made good headway toward sleighing, with everycoan should be deflected in a southerly direction, and carried through mid-channel round the coast o f V an- couver's Island into the sea. This was all plain and reasonable; and in the complete and, as we may almost add, the pardonable ignorance prevailing at the time respecting these distant regions, it was probably con- ceived that the channel BO described could not be mis- taken. When, however, the actual survey came tostant interruptions of the most disgraceful kind, of thepersecutions which in various periods of herhia orytheChurch had been called upon to undergo, and, adverting and its rights, which appertain to the whole Catholic to the circumstances of that parish, remarked that theclergy had never more reason to expect successfully theconversion of sinners than at present. H e expressedhis belief that when the present pereecution ceased thechurch would triumph, and then exclaimed with «reatprospect of doing much better before morning.be made it was found that the supposed onen strait was forcey " Who is fearful for the everlasting church of " danger of the souls in his troubled provinces, where blocked upinthe middlebya group otislands,and Christ?" Thiewasfollowed byftgeneral shoutof "pestilentialwritingsmenace'eaehdaymore deplora thata separate channel was left on each side of them. "Who's afraid?" and loud and long-continued " My the piety, the religion,-the-faith, and the purityIt will appear from what we have said that the de-AllBills from lOOto 200 AU Bills exoeedmg 20Q...:beautirul candelabrum, and this at once became au ob-youwouldhavepeace? Ho,Sir;itwouldbewarto batableterritoryiscompoeadnotofoneisland,buta jectofattack.Hassockswerecollectedfromthepews agitatethocountry,andtounderminethefundamental•...-.«»•«*7^-<rt.cash. The largest discount on this Card made, in •*£eases. U'Agent*. HAIU'KK'B PEX.NSTLTA^A SQUARE SLATEU SOL» AT OKIUIXAL.menenteruponaconteotwithtwentymillions,and forthelineofdelimitation. Accident,however,has itwas,itwasseriouslydamaged. Anotherobjectof religion,whichitcompromises,becausethe|French.- 44hold olavns at home ? It is not to be heard of. More eafety ! N o ! The fact is, they would have, to sncrilice their negroer, as Prance and flunijary did their slave property, at once, a t the beginning of the war. Then, what would they gain so far as they are slaveholders I What are the non slavcholdei-s to gain ' Why, gentle-attack was the large cross over the altar, at which brought one of these islands into especial notoriety, and hassocks and cushions were thrown from the gallery.clergy have never separated their respectful submissionBob" Colline, a somewhat noted politician, had been conveyed to the New-Y ork Hospital while labor-men, yen a?k aU of us non-slaveboiders of the Union, cuniHtanc€e under which this violation of right w a s who'have borne all the oppression, to sacrifice nil the committed, though we may remark tbat th e sole ex-those violent discussions i n which regretable attacks aremadeinanswertoitsprovocations, andthescan- daloccasionedbywhichisamatterofprofoundsad- ness for the clergy as for all good citizens.The true interests o f the Church, as well a s those ofpublicpeace,imperiouslydemandthatanendshouldwas then discovered that deceased h a d sustained a fractureoftheskull,causingcompressionofthebrain, No.16Bond-st. PrivateentranceforLadle*.libertywehave—toretaintoa despotism worsethan planation cHered byGen.Harneyhimself failedab- What do yoa propose to give ns iu lion of this greav, asserted that American citizens, settled on the island,Cnkm as a protection 1 W b v , The Charleston Mer- required the ,protection of American troops to defena curyandTheRichmond.Enqmrcr say."Wewill themagftinettheincursionsoftheIndians.But,gested an attack on Mr. King's house, and many per- sons who went there were very roughly bandlod. I n thecourseofanhour,InspectorAlisonhadgotthewhichhadresultedindeath. Thecircumstancesofthecase are peculiar, and Mr. Collins's death somewhat[Advertisement.]X.ONDON CLTJB SATJCE.—Tni8 xinriralod Saaoo,manufactured by P AXXEE BROS., London, can be obtained ofAx* yon ready for that ?evoke the genius o f the illustrious defender o f Grc- see the question dnsctusfcd i n a more practical spirit ofeiaa Hberry, that my voice, like his, could tou«:h the amity and conciliation. For such a course there arO heartsofsayoountrymenwiththedivinefireofmy obviousreasons,butthereisthisreasonespecially-:-ow» nmiiuxioaM. till tbey would be again ready to cry that we very much doubt whether the framers of the out wiut OOKvoice, " I-et us march against Pi Uip ! " Treuty really knew anything about the cuaunel OrTue ^uee-Piesident i* unfortunate in his allu 'Ion tothe great Athenian orator. I t is wo who defend thelibertiesoffoepeople,andtheywhoproposetocallinPhiBp of Maeeoon—Louis Napoleon, is it not ? T h ebatties ia Kaunas whieh wore fonght for the cc mmonliberty is the reproach of Etching! Not only these,but ail t h e glory o f the illustrious dead is in vain, ifthe Dexoocraue party consummate the subjecting us to» foreign and alien despotism! I would that I [could son to regret the proceeding, but we should prefer to'the coaoh at the corner of Hudson and Broome streets BILLAUI/T. FfftsennunuteslaterthedeceasedTrasfoundbyTomviolence.shows very many well-known names in the party.WHA T A BLIND MAN SAW IN ENGLAND.—To-night, the friends of the Rev. W . H . Milburn, the blind preacher, giv^e him a benefit at t^he Academy o f Music, when he will give his amusing lecture upon what he saw iu the Home of John BulLDEA TH ov " BOB " COLLINS.—We yesterday morn- ing reported that Robert S. Collins, commonly called»«.••••>*•«••• **««««4*tW«>••••••*2 00 & dosea. 1 00 ^ dozen. 1 60 4>do««a- 1 Vt T dozen.cent, net oath.<xmt, net oath,cent, net cash,ta the Holy See in spiritual matters from their duties ofmost of the group is called th e Isle of San Juau, and in all parts of the church, with no one in authority to patriotism. Tho roligious press had misunderstod the ing,under an attack of apoplexy. O n Tuesday nightattached i»s name to the whole dispute. The western- All tins time there was fighting, shouting, and einging ou thid island, though i t h a s been recognized as dis- rcprets i t . .mission of moderation and peace which it had to ac- Mr. Collins died, at the Hospital. Coroner Gamble complish. The Univers, above all, insensible to the yeeterday held an inquest on the body, when a post- warnings which have been given it, goes everyday mortem examination was mado by Dr. Cameron. Itputed territory, Gen. Harney last Summer landed abody of American troops. W e need not repeat the cir-The scene at this time was perfectly frightful, andwould, in all probability, have ended in bloodshed, hadnot Inepector Alison, upon his own authority, entered to th e extreme limits of violence. I t is to it we owethechurch,withadozenpolicemen,andorderedittobe thgtagamatwhichweroseupinarmsin1"76. xolntelytojustifythead* onwhichheventured. He cleared. Turnedoutolthechurch,the rioterssug-*'sendtoLouisNapoleon,andwewillaskhimGolend eveniftnisnecessitycouldhavebeenestablished,it wholeofthodisorderlymobintothestreet. Aconsid-boputtotheseexcesses. A-governmentfoundedon Sundaynightthedeceased,whileundertheinfluonco articleissuperiortotheWorcestershireSauce,andas*beob- tained at oae-kalf the prioe. • -ready for that, Democrats? W s have been jle<t eo American laws and authority there, although it had Painful as this description of the riotings at St.long oy Democratic leaders! Is this the feast to jwhishyou have invited us, that after you can longer b e pre-served, thai you will g e t Louis Napoleon (yoa can'ttrust Vkicria, she has too maay notions of freedom by either of the claimant*. Theee events brought the about her) to preserve us. What does it mew;11 It Isle of San Juan into notice as the bone of contention, means, going absolutely back into French de/qotism.George's last night must be, it will fail to convey any- thing like an idea of the disgusting,proceedings.ITALY.• ——:—•"bishops, BiBhopB, and others, ordinaries o f place* i n " grace and in communion with the Apostolic See."The following passages are the moBt important:" Since the publication of our encyclical letter of the 18th of June, last year. and. the two allocutions whichweresubsequentlydeliveredinConsistory,youhave leaint, your aoula full of grief, with what evils reli-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069been distinctly admitted by his own Government that the title to the territory was in dispute, andthat until it was decided no such 'pretentions should be advancedprietor of the saloon requested" the driverof the car- Fob. 17,1852, andto pronounce the suppressionof riage totakehimtohisborneinLispenardstreet. The— — a — — — .;' .«• .'•! , " ' [Advertisement.1The ORANGE BLOSSOM WKDWNa ENVELO**,inHt burned, very beautiful (oepyzight secured), at ETSXD*LX.'« Wedtiing Card Depot, No. $03 Broadway. eo*> Duans-at. Also. aa elegant assortment «f Prenoh NOTE P A TER, all oolera.'[Advertiseraont.1 . bv/i GOURAUD'S POUDRK SUBTILE Uproots hftUT frOB> low foreheads/upper lipe, or any part o f the body. Warranted-No. 67 Walker-st, first store from Broadway. ••[Advertisement.1 TJrTDER&rAinfrGIRLS A N D WOMEN SHOULDPHRENOLOOTTO BEABLE TEEM TO avoid aelaeh and ^ag**1TM! snen,and alsotodirectpreparer,the training and ednoa*»e«enalthough, in point of fact, the actual claim of the Ame- ricitnf would, if BUfladned, have given, them a good deal more than this island, and our claim would have Eecnred us r.pt only San Juan, but the rest of the group benide.that periodical. T h e doctrines a n d t h e pretensions which that journal would, resuscitate among ua are not new; the old French monarchy has always ener- getically combated them; great bishops have some- times given powerful assistance in the straggle'. Your Majesty will not show yourself less careful than your predecessors in making respected the principles conse- crated by our national traditions.driver, accordingly, turned his W s m that direction, but on opening the coach door m front of Mr. Collin*'* residence, h o discovered that t h e opposite door was. open, and that the man was gone. This was about 12^ o'clock, and the driver Says that he saw deceased iuTHE POPE'S ENCYCLICAL LETTER.The Bupprcesion of the Catholicjournal of Paris, the Univcrjf, for publishing an encyclical letter of Pius IX., has already been announced. Thisletter is dated Jan..19,andisheadedintheusualform, "Toour regard it "aa eminently favorable to ourselves. Of " venerable brethren ti>e Patriarchs, Primates, Arch-W e have said that we should b e indisposed to rely exclusively on th e letter of the Treaty, although weIam,Sire,be, LOCISNAPOLEON'SVIEWOFTHEPOPE'SUjer in Thirteenth street, between Fifth and Sixth,course, if a rigorous policy is to be pursued, it is to the letter that we must appeal, and we shall have no reafLETTER. avenues, i n a n insensible condition, ixx the middle ofUntitled Documenttho Sovereign of France. The Pope was at liberty to haveweomittedtoremind thesameEmperorthathe followorrejectthatadvice. Herejectsit.universe; and, finally to guarantee the just cause of the ether Princes."at Forty-fourth street yesterday was unusually small, even for the second day of the market, notwithstand- ing some fresh arrivals. The demand, though not,very lively, was sufficient to absorb-all the stock for sale be- forenightatbetterprices than those reportedforthe•first day's sales.. In fact, there h a s been asteady im- provement in the market, commencing Monday morn- ingatBergen,andcontinuingTuesdayandWednesday; .atthegreatcity"market. Fullparticularswillbefound , ,under the proper head of weekly market reports. , • — • -The members of the Republican Campaign Club No. 3, size 8x13inches.His Holiness then goes on to declare his readiness tobody.-. 1suffer the severeBt trials; expresseshia anguish at "the•»' [Advertisement.]NEW-YORK, 186 0. Oman'* P A TRST METALLIC ISOTA. Rcmum AXD"domains." in Sunday-Schools, by writing a series of articles foe Here we have, then, the Head of the Church makingWeshouldpityFrenchCatholicswhocouldnotfeelthe baggage-train of Austria. This position deceives made here a short time ago, in the City of Philadelphia, where the little one has given frequent readings in ths parlors of the best society of the town.. Of course, shspernicious principles. We didnot omit to observe that deavor to abuse the authority of this document and its served with a writ of habeas corpus, issued by Judge*placeofmdarkness. Duringallthistimetheunruly tbeymnowiseexpected,andwhichtheywerebyno tothePopereformswhichmighthavesavedthein- authorizinghimtoassumecontroloverherinhisstead,remotespotonthe shoresofthe.Pacific. The "San"Juancifficulty,'"'thankstotheforbearanceandmod- ofthealtar. ItwasheadedbytheRev.BryanKing, ducethepossessionsofacivilgovernment. Neitherthe large room of Clinton Hall. T h e roll already No. 7, lize 7x 9 inches. *•* •****•!mysterious.Itwasshownbytheevidencethaton.theiragentinthiscity,A.J.PAHKRK,No.15Beekmen-«t.This*the street. Calling assistance, Mr. Hyor,wbowasIAnarticleofImperialOrigin.) acquaintedwithdeceased^conveyedhimtotheEighthehUdren.EEaminauonaatJTOWUSRfcWELLS',**Broastwaf*From tlie Pari* ConttitMtionnel, Jan. 31.The Sovereign Pontiff has just addressed an ency- Precinct Station, wheyr, ft was supposed that he wasSfiffions ofBottle*ofMrs. WINSLOW'S J^SJli Whetherwowerelegallyauthorizedtopublishtnai u>g,aphysicianwascaU<}d,wlioadvisedbisremovaltQ XV<3Smvr arenowusedeveryyear1BtheUniiodwetesvmclical letter to allthebishops. Weatfirstdoubted aimplyintoxicated. Beingstillinsensibleinthemora-document. The organic W which regulates the reia- tioBship of the polUioalpower of our country with W»Children TWthing, with never^ilUeg suooes*. ««stH %*tUe^aAtwtajft, Oolr**«(f«ttv*ttvUnited States A-nny at Tampa Bay. Florida, and acted in t h e capacity of anttler. Coroner Gamble held aa. inquest on tb*No. 8, size 6x10 inches., • •*•«••••«••• No. 9, size 6x 9 inchesNo. 10, nize 5x 8 inchesNo. 11, bize' 5x 7 inches............ No. 12, size Ax 6inche«All Bills under $25.. AllBills from $25 to $50 All Bills from CO to 160cvent, net cash.• • •"*,-r YZ'Jt»'*V ~"T!~TflKXH.* a www.fultonhistory.com 