 ttake the place of theJt^jCTQ^talwayforBostononXo- warsintheleastwiththegreetingswhichMunn,.^„.''wlirthese memories, there is not one which trulyFt'.that the jHMIKtiianaM; South U enti-searchingit, without theAto-dayE,afiorlrthoeapdunropnosvenofUonwj^HeJd Taa.jn llMiaTifi hfiTifrrrd thfjin irati nrmnimi for it.%ii answer to a qoastioa pot to him by one )uiience as to whetlier toe election of^LiN-Duncan, StephenRussell, Abraham B. roads were•Ikeedan fa a flniiftmh '•ndhutanyoaoteeiMi." 'OmYh^Mim l^rdlent Botte'iirat mi to aay th.?*^*..•#• i^-'^sr^'as-SBSBirfSaefcite.:" 4•tlflt'ahavetlwXk-Go^moria ftoirpewar.andif SoothaaahecitiaaaMstberteogBiMdMJ^ caafM9MV&rtibabtcmm«Ilitimil*-^ft«M» M>d BrealBt—J»- nde'i Baloos—KmsruaWe well admit mayto have any opportunity to carry them intoone sense, the word "aristocracy" impliesourhelp,that enormousapathy of their ownmovements, and wlthoot wUdi tte.M-,v*KBWS OF THE DAY.'jh^kar interatiDg letnnu fromtha—and thepatriots as the irrepressible Boole, the mag- Pierrefont:in nsB«xiiUatimio{ victory. haa Todeemed herself.Baltimore,certainly,tlemti^kiiiBdiM^^i^^OMUaa* L <Wm»«T>-*!|»eral flesalnns several dIapoaadoCbyand Cora closed higher. Pioviaiona were quiet,whyitIsthattpfepMttaidqriifwmbe #) Jtanko. tarefused to takemaintained, with a moderate advance for aome of with about the same success which attends reception of the Prince ot Wales, on the al-aM |.^^|hfife^ dMM at Am PnH oyerterday, nbm-th^Atlantic.BM* iiom pivw.laa ftoatwi^pw, beied calvaa,persons, largeprdfessionalernment ofraaan a« uri; *« poMlbl*.at* S^nm* n aoi a<n»—opRiii%apTuesday,an ad-which no person can excuse himself forXiarani. and a U iMde comflatiit»"Fightat Cityfor the week6,381 beef cattle, 169 mUch cows, 800 vealUMi aheep and lambs, and 10,990 livemunicipal preferment, andttahan be proved that Ua leeeiit at apeeehtii^jMawithaeaaeorttoAitiaua^BBskwaa.«Vial -iaJaB leqieeta of the North-or &«»itiAMmae^MZ nid his whole garrison and unostentatious instruction. It will doubt- r^takM. prisoners. It is again asserteddoubt,therefore,thought— in favor of men who fragewould make them-— citizenshipits mediation for the restoration of peace has been le- jccted by the Literal Government It is stated that,,originAtCbatfberaoftheSvpreneComt,beforaIna- Norfolkledtkenegneatobelievethat,inthethatProceeding then with a historicalMM«at«.HcIiAceaLnr, on May 88, at No. 21 Morris atiaet, occtnded Vat day, aad waa not concinded at the adjaoimnantofthaCourt. IntheCourtofGen-The paapla feava aTbe Stock Marketm hu uttimatum to the Emperor of less become the Baron of Renfrew betterselves and those of likethem, s{ rve twenty-one years in this countrythreatens that he will quit Rome atFrance interferes to the stopsecondRightly considering the case, we make no doubt that they will agree with us in regarding theirthe moat Havana to treatunimportantsix feetRafl-aplitter, is to be oar next conduct of the Government mustand doaod at a^budBf pricea. The Bute Stock s par- tidpatad in fhe MMdy confidence which follows theeiactiODairf'TQesday. Money waa easier bothproceed aponOD can ken and for diacoants. TheforonUamarketnewswhich vriU be found reported atelse-Aie^ayjbnprovadyesterday,President.Since theThePennsylvania election, eveiybodyA Mr.cases were as "Old Ana," age 61,was the duty of the North to carry thosethesioned more activity in) the principal kinds of happen consequence of it.occa-Breadatnffa, and pricea of Flour, Wheat doctors differ. Mr. J. W. GaaAsn, who talksof making them presentation here, by an advocate ofastheICorebctt- er attracted leaa attention. Bay and Hope were fnely aoujtht after. Fnighta were a<»newbetis are theyexpected to Tote for, whentheyearn thewhole so community,the evils whichusually bnak, and former prices have l>een fullyadoptsthe balloonstyle of oratory,any official part to-day in the kged' ground that "the aristocracy" have tothe better nadea. The totalreceiptsat all the.llkw<rr«ak^|(pa^yaida,taken upon themselves to do the honors of the class of men who Oity, a fact which discharges the Aldermen indrivinggov-:endingtheour City into the hands of a few tainUn-HMlLSLeSS. At the weekly market have atheir own —conspicuous men, elected on a ticket generalA charge of cruelty Is made (jyOe oC BnixeoBvance of ic. neariyand which alland g^Mraldoaing yesterday,vague but real apprehension that some-any connection with the and which also will cut them off fromper pound,weight, waa obtained for the better grades ol bul- Iccks, of which there was a scarcity. Commonignoring,Afri'-.ainin italics and deals in largelyveryfrom ntteraaee iaand Folk wastion sale of Cofiea pasaed off aatisfiurtorily. Cot-ton waa in fair detnaod. Sugata, Bice, Molaaaea, Mr. O'CoKOR becomes &cetion8 ^very much Tallow, Teaa, Ifaval Stoiea, nah. Hides and I«eath-writiogat^i^ flw wjiatdeddedly cheaper.The auc-of peoplethecaucus, rather thanand thinks Lnrcour win live onbtiaket. Then were 463 veaaela of all claaaes in save expense of beef, daring his Presidentiallong fesrlessly laysport. TheLiveStockMarketshavebeentenn. Gen. W^uaiDoi waxesstrong on and JoaaAMetmanicAristocraoy.nearourdisease. Itisnotbytheabolitionof universal suffrage, but by the histitution of universal nominations that we are to be saved. It is by closing up the cheap avenuesTtoltow Ir—iBdlaalargely plied the preaent week, but the demand is un-smallquotations,best. Sheep and laml>s are m large supply, but encroachments on Southern jrightsGeorgetownReliable informailoa trom Sails tndlBalaa tintwith a 'brisk demand they are selling at a little iMfcJTlffl TjgoMjjt—8o»0H»a ni laoiA— lietter prices. Live hogs are arriving freely, but sell at full rates, and the pens are beared withHeights.®7c. per pound, live weight.The Prince of Walea in New-York.1herits, as well as to the greatness which theandpossibly they may lose enough to throwTaking the wordin anothera trace to-day pasaingeffect. Under our form of Government the the possession of political power but what order which has suffered ;sup-statistics andC0CBB.ANIProf. Lowe's attempts to crossi—mon cotmtry in the tvisit of the heir of Eng- half so much. retains that function CongresspresentCharterin the conflict ofpolitics,and imite as Amer-land to the commercial metropolis of the greatSenate is an indispensable part of nanimous TroMEY, and the"citizenstliinkUiesethem alone, as they have heretofore done; but theymay rely upon it,Onr Adopted Citizens on Fusion.Nafouow will conllBUB to oce«q»y Rome. A.M.RoBiNSoa,BaperintoitdentofladieaAAlnia the West, reports, nader date of the 6Ch tMt^ haalB-^"oftheWest. Itisindeedno or slightNowthein Demccratic hands for two or threewarmlyrich, intelligeot ofnohonestEmpireinsignificant homage which is thus renderedCongress.by professionof Mr.But even without this personal confidenceagainstyb'e"'T^-XingofKwdeahasassembled —~k and ia dDtemmied to make a final the Mayor. Nor can we object to the inspec- legislation goes, his hands will be tied. baptismal font of aristocatic honor the greatI rthanthePrinceofWalestotakehismodest lunch in the magnificent pavilion erected " ex-grounds ofsanguinaryexpectationsGerard.sober,thought—uponthismatter.advicefromtheauthoritiesinthat Government with the greatest respect.progress of^Bn'ftnlinima. The repulse of the Gar3»ldi-beforeattainingrightsall reVoIt,•w idt'CTt^ioaia coofiimed. It would aeem thatfor this occasion" in theIn him, we have an additional securityMinister Maia arrived at Vera Cruz after a pas-e§^-^,p,^^^present emerfency, they had better take careIn thaOyar aadTer- of themselves, what can save the Ex-Govem- statement of thetta«i>fr| Iforthar postponed wfil SatuidaiMst.« CU««raal aattage ia not flhe oaaatorJSSSJ,by eoaawit <«f the partieamjnerakuseBOBDefofpiiaoneiawannnifBol, orf^cmtheanil aooM, oo {deadingjgtiitty, weM aent to the ate to which he desired tocon- StateFriaonudthePeoitntdair. Thetrialof signthe)disturbersofthepeacsInTexasT PATaiox HooAii, for tin mnraaT of Tbokabv^'AlMcdDeokUDfacyC(NUI^nMfu to Happea.security, pio- andhad the Notltlng can be more true ; udLiiicoui, oflUlnois,fomlliarlyknown seven,visionsintoeffect.pro- Slavery must cease to bethingseemsprettysure.the opposite assumption.This was the general drift of hisconcedes it It becomes a matter of some im-remarks,pdntedin these coliunns. 80their coatest rObliged to taka part i»si^__^ wOTdDtHaofeiaey tAeoedalriMaUfSHB'-portance, therefore, to see what islengthalreadyadministration of onr municipal affairsthinks Mr. LiNcotN Intends to the Union. splitpointimportance. Itwd MAWBMax.—as a retained and well-bred hyena might be—of the North rests, tod whattheesteem and consideration of tiietstaia, iAR'aia»i«^Besides these alarmists, there is awho areColumbia,—that the inter-state Slave-trade willreception of theJapanese'perpetrated.It may lend some degree of comfort tothe most substantial character.offtetta BapaUicsa ticket in Peimsrl- justice of the cause in which our 'fathers the House will be also. The Republicans are every pot-house congregation of these wor-which awell the—Wot jnemben of tlie next Ooignaa, Bepoblic has achieved. However lightly the balance of power into other hands.their"aristocracy"respectivethesethings will not let them alone."ties between the Bmle'Sioax, nader tbn rliirfsfaatTaaaday,popu- bythefuture SovereignEngland totheIII Ue Frog" and Madieiae Cup," aal fiia Ptaeaa and Omahas. The Slouz Ant coBlaDted tbemsabaa wMhTiKliimamlmlati'Tit "f the aeveral Stateto lose some members in several r States, shipersattempts of the Fusionists to fuse all State in the.beyoodthe moat san-Thethe Anti-Lincoln forces of onrpresent contest must very forcibly remind the"stealing and cnttiDg' off tiis mdaa of athe Poncaa and OmaliaB, Imt lately ttay 1 huntingcampof tlie Poaeas, Ullad tbreedieftofcontended the crown which he in- againstlikelyheighttreated orregardedas ano«^ existing system probably nerer can be ~ ~ed to the The answer to this qoestioe people.very hundred timeslikely On thisvery poor jokea,where. WehavenointenUon—wHk Tmaa Judge Ekabuxl, and a trimnpb of the tJItisJIevaluilealsla..negroes,tofromestimated dressed thing terrible is to follow the election of a Re- affair tliis being one comfort to our civicThey fear that the South pride— any possibility ofpublican President.will be excluded by law from the territories,;easily and thoroughly to test, before they the same give CaptMoKaAaiavfo^-T^Mte Ualon.eqoBBty outside thelegidaUon of the countiT concerning Slavery, he asserted that the Con-sUtnUonhadteeUon and increase attlfhtpressly11. heavy, work to be performs! by the our municipal Tiberius Gracchus, his Honor his doing mischief, in the fact that so far as own Council Chamber as the true temple and and no application of political soothing- sage of 33 days from New-Tork. Seiior DaeoLLAB*Washington states that infor- t^bcfpieceivGd from Mexico to the efiEect (Government of Great Britain contemplates Jrt SyitfidTawal <rf dtolomatic relations with Msjt asiit'i»a«aatted.tbat the ^anish IGn- yiaa nocifed the moatthe same member retiringAdvices from Wastiington Territory show Oat tlie hostile legislation at Washington—no " overt least valuable or generic of their aristocratic eighteen represent Douglas Democrats, probalily complete tlwir laliors this year, the peadli^to sustain the San Juan ques ion liavlng Itad no eSisct to otaatraet principles and nominees their operations.yesterday. •rvtt^aJiat of the passengers copied from thetheir name we repeat with them their thou- young hopethemindignantly refuse, large numbers of them pro-^f»tBKBiBkJMtW^'ate atqw, on the arrival of the pas-His presence here awakens inhniteingon Friday, the i2th inst., to consider *bocks. Tlieagenta of the line at Bos- GalwayBritain.memories for ourselves, which we would notIi ifttfiat OiHi, to Meve their most 'theCourt—J. Cepeyster Ogden, Daniel B. St, John, William„ ISteamship Company >a tlie wants of the lisiiiiagisa Thej were furnished vrith food and (dpftea atnmr of South-street or in the ambitions of the Fifth- set at defiance. This movement win be descripUon at once. Those bound ont of Oe ei^-ofasits irremediable inherent,intending either to set was unlike what we hadregardIienslature h»d not been yetand of happiness to the mighty nation of freemen whose chief he is training himself to become.JVST .AS lUQBT HAVE BEEN EXPECTED. Vir-orator,capable Insteadproducingsystem capableadjust- nse Bad adioumed, but the Senate OjiOL: Fn»atheSandwichIslandswefound him a clear, cool, straight-forward speak-of the twenty-five Douglas Electors, selected by theU onNew-Tork,i\ *itpreaUua.pressing under the circum-withoutSuperior systemare named,enthusiastically "bar too much so, we Bv tUe t&ne, how- (wnat ftet himaalf at home wdaofAnedea. There a Ftioee moie Damoeratie, orwithsentences, and dealing much more intweenby suffocation.Wedassday, Oct.< ^ftwi1 He has had the inleast, quite bisMr. Yancey, it will be remembered, is themostactiveat the Sonth. He wrote the famous Slaughter yet we can assure the responsible classes of.strongly backed,hear, byall the or-were freely furnishedwithraflwayhat* with iNWl.Galiray to this cily, to relieveof theJBbHtlwnmiPtgdod ottuntfand datemdnedto to his citizenship. A few da3rs ago he deliveredseem aaC^BOlInghowquietlythewhole dence—andwhatwastheresultt Itwasofilfjjwho accompany him. During yesterday the partyviaitn Anous points of interest in theCityof urday,fntna.ianna.The «>«»eh of Hon. Wm.The Argus, of Sat-chronicles the airest of a nuniber of In the Democratic ranks, in order toNoristhisthesionists will have totheir composite ticket. The men of New-York chafe to a cilable withIn consequence Frinci:AUxrtyimbethefaststsaai,, , w fcaata Mawya*; BraOw^ Love theyCom- public sentiment so that, at the white per- tunity, the Cotton States might be "Biaa encounter in reference to wUl uke the place of the CBmaa^ aadteaTaOal-the evening wept to the opera to hear Patti, our own mittees, and advisesl liiha«w,altheCooperInstitutelastdegreenot recon-witnessed arace, and in the negroes,proper oppor-from Galway.evening,onthe PoUtiPrihttiaoea of the day, was Ustened to atntueg that Slavery wastheC«»<id4nextWedaeaday.ards, sailors and fiiemen wlUgoontbytheOtoV^jpfmld be a good reason for seceaaion.of Commerce held a apecial meet-—the footstool in favor ofshould beMr. Yakcxt opened his speech by express- ties of intelligence and property, the Judge would condemn every Dongas man as guilty. ^^^.^^tar-,which was devoted toacoi^teencesuspectedwhiteper-upon ifprinciples ves«edlna.nCdommlW^°^^„tto nale roontliIBB1.T~, M. P., during which ~accepted as true,to the Southofvotingfor the sevenen quietus for jwewe the aupport of the North, be- a party which wasBreckinridge-•ttOdnetion of cotton that jto approaching—«pr Bipwial prosperity resulting fromway -no communismthe said and accepted by the Albany —provided for theSUvery— that ittopoint the subject ofany extended review. Thefact is confided to men who secureof theirfusion, is the mainmay serve to show theon what basis this movement itvote for fusion.^A majority of our City Fathers, we see, havepowerWard politician and win the ale-house next Noveaaber, ia thiseyes.flia of aa oidsr aulaA- persons will be iHe ii*««ttai]iaaoeTSfiraataporfioaof the sh^dsafeabincurringAmbassadors—this point which cannot fail to be re- will be garded by all our tax-payers as a comfort oftheir votes, that we can to thaFhat qnality, 9ic.®10c.; medium, 9c.<S)i^.\ and that slaves will be set free in the District of bills as they inflicted upon our Treasury in the substitute for the worse than no government while Goveinor ofthe FUladdpUa Aagrioabnades a^anced a trifle, the selling rates beingIt the sanction ofOaM. Muoaa, the new Fteaehaad on Monday laksr imwiailwi of; Ua tmKUmatam:t>oor, 7c.®5tc. Milch cows are in excess andalow of sale at lower pricea. Veals sell well, 7c.per pound, live weight, bein^ freely paid for theDepartmentfornslagOovcaaaeat oaaTwe needVBATBI—Fah 'Wokxb or tbi some sales of those to arrive ; corn-fed bring 6^. minds of this apprehensive cast, to tell them upon their own high station, when conceding enough about the honor of their City and their tria, the Emperor Itaving 'rtlntrrtnl to 1^v^chivalrous Senate is certain to be Genet? Are the former known amongst theIf our wise and good, thingsand moment, they will letmuscularcome, and there is some reason to fear that Wards ? Are not the latter omnipotent inyears topossession,~a» antjc^wted, loae several mem- some of our own felIow-coantr3rmen may be It will not be easy, therefure, for Mr. Lin- of affluence without labor, luxury without calm observer of the efforts made by an fifteen teaves, UxA. severaltt pTaaaul »wt la^onderansa in the inclined to estimate the institutions under couT to do much mischief, even if he should trouble, the ready service of a thousand hands awkward and impatient schoolboy to unravel five tlumsand dollan' worflt of ftoiMi^.iadthe which the thirteen colonies of Great Britain be disposed. We have UteatdiapatchVosm dxmt 16,000, with Prince should hare for us and it is i>a«Vertfaaniime^andMreial all,—sum in opposed to the election of tii. Likcolh the they may stampede fioB tha la-doing i^em only t eoBotiea to cooie in. him no discourtesy to press home this truth to-kite, meanwhile, lyingon the ground, and with but little prospect of which they can be removed only by miBlary fane.It is understood that the Fordga Diploamtic easya decline attsading tiu ball ia New-Torlc ia honor et the Prince of Wales, a* several memben of eadi Le- gation were omitted from tlie cards of iavitaiiaB. Who ist lftwfcl|i«i Electioa took niace yea- day. The Prince of Wales we call him, for it isiltaa in a aweeping triumph for the *elr aaS&taB bring elected.but an idle affectation to -veil under thegenteral,—putting a wedge Into crack he everyFinally, the word "rule of the best men, and on thismeans theinterpreta-ever rising over the White House chimnies. The last difficulty which has met the har-1 offqidetly ;and thegoode&ctadisguiseofLordRenfrew" asees and driving it home merely for the loveon taws for the city, and the new reality -w^ch is transparent enough to delightFdBMjngnlstionawereevwywfaereapparent. Kot aujKoieeaTred—notapistol-shotwasheard,even themost believerinthewhen have fallen into a on Manhattanonly things decay lit- joint Island,the Aldermenmaycomes from the refusal of onr Irish positiveonly gSy-ateamriu^ Africa, vrith three days' later comparable to Sheridan's quizzical stage di-Sti"ep^'BBnews,passedCapeBaceonMonday, rectionofthe" which"enters |e£ aynopiia of her advices has been tele- army"in a day than a careful farmer can in husky voices of their fellow-citizens united in remedya week, that he splits rails to repair the pronouncing them most fit to be our rulers »for the seven Breckinridge men, they say,'i|.«f the capitulation of Ancona, and elsbut when asked-to exercise the right of suf-separationdiplomaticwitii MrmAaoB,matic"diplo-royalaristocracy"of the thing. He has an eye to utility. It is tion, unless universal suffrage be sadly out of monizing efforts of the Anti-Lincoln leaderssuperstitiousand irrepressible glory of princes. The aliasof the son of Victoria in America isand swine wandering into forbidden ruling eye of King Caucus winked for the ten Native-American names on territory, approv-rooting up useful crops and doing more harm ingly on their aspirations, and have not the the Fusion Electoral ticket. They can voteDispatch to tlM Aaeoelatad Praas. WASHimioa, Wednesday, Oct. MLInformation from Mexico received t04iig^ahaars that the English Government contenqdatad an eatliaincog.''' Their most important featnre is the an- The Baron of Renfrew may be on his trav-with some to clear consciences approach;,unpretending enjoyments/cncctroublesome brutes.Starr,Tdomkt,in search ofin the slightestLet Boole, Barky, Baqley, Genet and Platt take a secondinherent—when the fences are down and the cattle claim to be true aristocrats. Hatti not the and German adopted fellow-citizens to voteresponsiblefor this blonder TQ.they are needed. A largeryearlymuch alarmed thatvoluntary contributions, FusionPresidential on serveandscatter amongthe whilesetBeiitsats,fiaawhenKillfnl professor of this science wiH- which insists on forcing its grateful way Into nW be likely to go around splitting things in the palm of an Aldermanic " ring-man f"breach andWe have not thethat Prof. Lincoln will disappoint utterly the we will not suppose the absurdity of aChristianssense, we find it used to the implyinto a straight line some hopelessly tangledS]iiclialjla a iMt losa of two manv hare developed into more than thirty soTer- his pacific and conciliatory disposition. He body. In this light, the Aldermen will at once skein of thread with which he seeks to fly his ened to extarrtdBate tha tribe. Tliagreatconfidence in to fulfilleverywhim of asingle pamperedUlled one Omaha, waoadad oaa, aad -kite.Oneyardofthethreadisonlydisengaged|HBd;^«tpwaent,8to5. The ruik among the nations, and a name in the natured and toleraot towards his opponents, p/K far ahead of those possessed by any other at a cost of entangling worse than ever the, a vrar party against tbelt wmlaa, 'add^.ja-.k4i<fttteM0ffliaaa Statea wU b« earth not altogetiier despicable in the eyes than not enough so. Bail-splitting is not an ex- class of our citizens. Few possessors of real whole remainder of the line ; until finally im- refused. Stqwrintendant Reaaaoa nagaa ^sfm tta f, aad thia leaait i* im- even of those who were once our enemies, citing occupation. It does not tend to culti- estate, and still fewer princes of commerce, patience prevails over judgment, and we see Administrattcn tiie ixotectian of llliias lillias aiiwiid ,Ifae.IndiaB* delegation wUIeign§t«te8,itisplainthattothemweowea seemstousmuchmorelikelytobetoogood- perceivethattheirown aristocratic pretensionsask permission of the Oovonaaot to ge. ««aad bfiaiM, aa enabling and to whom every advance which we make vate the hot and of the angry passionsthe ingenuous youth tearing madly at theL d^lae* Dnited States Senatois Bio- in wealth, in importance and in power, brings It is much less stimulating in this direction sources of wealth as flow into the pockets of skein, and trampling under foot its inextricable means of arresting hosUlittea, tte hBUBgaf aderive such incomes from>r;:ttj'(afcane« to the final pi^uiar a more vivid reminiscence of that elder union than the business of overseer on a slave plan- our Aldermen in the " due discharge" of their mass of fibres. Very similar to this would council with the Bitiles aad bringtag lliiiiii 11 far AuKsaw O. Cvionr, with themselves which was severed soseem the fate of the Fusionists, who are now treaty stipolations. Tbeoostofovor Hmst D. FodTSB, rnoJaawB to chaiifa oni <^ es-longtation. ItSQ^seooadl*not exceed $800, and migM raauraa savhig aanylives. Tliereis fbar that tha Poaeai will baeoaaa aa,heart.teaches a man to strike heavy civic functions. Would not Astob gladly ex-toago by their own suicidal hands.'SSjMfli. In the forty eoiintiea This national significance the visit of the\ needed but he learns, also, to deal much trouble from grudging tenants, for that ascendency tangled jumbledblows, and to plant them just where they are change his annual revenue, collected with —attempting \o straighten out Into line of polit- ical the and forces-The Fusion Electoral ticket, as last tinkered, themostappropriatelyGaeliclocalityofWash-wiUbeagainsthim. Therewillbenolawsatdefiancewithimpunity,notbeingthehasuponitthirty-fivenames,ofwhichAmericanandBritishBoundaryCommissio&will-Ua crown. Biete is no other tion of the " noblest view in the world," from One branch of Congress, at all events, privilege which they possess of setting allington Heights, byof the_ aristocracy of Scotland.acts" of aggression which wUl ca'l for a de- rights. For ourselves, we acknowledge no pledgedclaration of independence on the part of the other haut noblesse in the Oity, save that of the Democratic Party. Of these, the mus-But it is the Prince of Wales whose visit interests the people of New-York at large. ItNewTarfc State PeUilca. AsBAOT, Wednesday, Oct. 10.m^ -.^horttiea at Havana to is the Prince of Wales who extends to us thelawBafOovarMenl i^ith the grcataat re- cordial right hand of Old England, too longtfiiralmi^llMD annOBBcad Out another '^ft^^pi^ of-thA Bittiah Government estrangedput through,"sceptrefrom her^Jat- 4&> ^eatoiation of peace haa been times, somewhat dlscomfortable cousin.Higgins,Crocker,;'-"^-^Utierala. Allthese fiicta seem to poeition of the Juarez Govem-Itis the Prince of Wales whosehand weWe should be very glad to believe that thereare some ten or twenty respectable men in the City of New-York who can spare time enough from the oscillations of Wall-street, the excitement of a merchant's or a land- lord's life, the uncertainties of national poli-BlaaaaehaaetM FrtHies. Snnranau, Weditesday,.0et IK^j, stronger, and that the struggle take in our turn, with the sincerity of a I progress for the supremacy will soon be de- people to whom idle compliments are of smallThe Bepnblicaoa of the Tenth Diatiict noonda- citizens who still adhere to the Democratic ated to-day Mr. DUiAbo for CoDgrass, aad Okas. Fiaia..cidl|^in,ila.&vor.^4|tiHrti»lparticularsotthedisastertothesteam- willoftheir hastheit^'COKn^'ughX will be found on our second page thIa morning, as gathered by our own reporters, aaA. fifiauthe Boston papers of Theanticipations of theletu is an^onced that the new and yield their salutary lesson. But of alltpo^Oile,willinglypassbiddingpauseproscribed*.- .^9ixoD Califomia, Oragm and thearrestedonthe river on fire or to dissolve the CTnion. His defects in the columns of the Times. But itflipping intelligence.Democratic State Convention of lastthe balance of said ticket being filledthe names of five Irish and five German Elect-ors, in order to prove to the Democratic lead-;beener, language,August up with»proud and, perhapsaturer.^T V, 7.^ .account, but for whom the genuine and intel- ligent good- equals highest,and, indeed, a not easily appreciable value. InforFcBBsylvaBlm Demaeratle State PaiLABairBLA, Wednesday, Oct, n.Mr. WiLSB, Chairman of the Democratic State Executive Committee, has called a meeting at ^evening to a very crowded and attentive audi- atyanant of Capt. Liitch ia given in full, togeth- sand-fold welcome to this of ence at the^Cooper Institute.ecstaticPrince of Wales Ball, to read the plain, pre-American hearts have prepared for him, orsuspicionalanda, ia received by ttuB Pony Ex- with the prayers which American lips are |Bl~ 1>-of [*«f fanportance from California. The difficulty his days may be days of honor to himself expected.even under the sun of New-many leaders up an Electoralreached St.Francisco on the 28th ult. There is noth-speakingWe had heard himJoseph yesterday, havingready to join with English in uttering, that allstylea wonderfulvery thrillingthing,to find that in itsof their most and trusted prominentI^oel^ tttigs b the spirit in whfch they are a characteristic address at Norfolk, nearopportoaity Fhila-M^hto of seeing an impottant election, and which city he has recently taken up his resi-of asone the from time to time,may fortunately be elevated to the ermine, into making a second election for themselves be-Is an aflicted State.succeeded in getting Hon. Hensy A. Wise outformed argumentginiawith ^e intention of't»<teil>lailiiliai <& Slavery in the Territories warrant of law. The excitement among thefastontheandRegency-_^^_ A. 'f^^^f^^eighi.BsA^^^^^^pp,^ Western roaiaand "^^^^, 'Z» ptotoe-_,trfte Conafitntton, and bad a light to secedeseven John H.named as follows JacobHechair, but he still gubernatorial clingsproceeding ap-representativeSecessionism occasionally asphyxiatedthat-waa. was prompUy and cheerfully dona by thatand we do not doubt that antionby the Prince and the distinguished noblemen rection on a small scale.andhouses and money. Everythingta.Mnductedperience of this kind will be held in correct estima- parently the signal for a John Brown insur-alreadyits orators havebeen selected who;ex-L. Taucxt, of Ala-its jus-portoOeera aad aaatowrm will leave fcrnegro ~?"'S .u .cT*"''*^ "poke oi'ef two a white man namedby necessaryalreadyshot, receivedcreating"people had but just sible to tell how far itand it wasWm. B.was clearly to defeat aa election the social hierarchy. With » proud and mascu- Conger and Greene C. Bronaon. represented.in connection sons" to whom the"own faultdo not make it subservient to theirwhenwith their public faithlessness to the civic du-^ nftnadta a^ Then,port was adqptot^^Aa^:Fltnn,nightat Utile room for doubt as to his views on this quadrupeds the martyrdoms it had oncesailingonSaturdaydaringhishis cabinmightlead.fj^^^. mutualto"'^"mW---* «» be*letter, in which he exhorted Mr. S. to remain prepareNew-York society that Judge Pierrefont ex-hibits the most cogent reasons for our regard- days.ing such an event with even unusual interest. He points out, with afflicting simplicity andnext ten only trouble which the Fu-of organisation VigiUneeTbs aaw iHa splendid"aaspectedsons to quit these parts between two dsya." tatedprecipi-Revolution." This was written force, that acommunitywhich buddiesoriginal Douglas wayVow'. StLTo be sure she hasWhen the JITtniiw arrived at her whaift Sekiferimmediate steps were taken by Namoa Baos. a Saaa-had pointnextftom New-1'ork.Breckinridge man, he yet dechued himself infavor of the Fusion movement, especially since disorganization, but must already havethe Pennsylvania election. His main desire become demoralized throughout its whole Brower, A.Westervelt.Wm. Kobbe, muneraUve rate, for ^begim,might spread,impos- or to whatP.people, and so throw the question into the line contempt for the oligarchical common- These names represent so votes inmany to organise fortheHouse of Representatives. Once there, it places under which our prosperous classes favor of fhe bitterest enemy Judge DotroLAS tion of theiracts of violence itStrangely enough, Gov. Wise is not menUonedwith theArgus aUudes, but it ia difll-will he theirif the Disnnionists are so aptto takerefugecharged home haswhich, theySouthern States. will on Things — gowhich assembles each evening when a job is:very much as they have hitherto except that we"shall have honesty and manliness instead of J. Peck as presiding officer.of Wm.—rather hard face, an easy and graceful manner, Benchfeelings, interests The ten Fusion Electors thusmedium height,and PiERRiPONT ofupon the of New- of the elective judi-utteringdeliberationwell-the resignationBoston,with a square,resigns hisseat^^^^^^ Ncwa trmm Havaaa.— effects.spokenpractical working,Molaaas Fielghu duU. Exchange ob Loadoo MX to parthan in sentiment orpassion. His JudgeandPiiRBEPONT has revealed this fact toasofof that weis to who,moving actively having uponagainst 115,000year.faalad—methodical in arrangement, precise in hiscetit, preadum;intelligentand principles.great importance.ofJamis T. Brady, who seems to be, to say the or that millionaire, absorbed in the adventuresstylespeakingis somewhatlike that ofit though maytrifling thing"sion altogether overrides anda lead- opportunity. His speech lastfunequal.weinhisCourt-room, ganizedassociationsofforeign-bomvoters, destination,andthoseremaialngtiekala to ttatintoThentoaddemphasistoitscoonadaitstatea twoorthreeyearsago,andMr.Yajicxthas ticeintopig-pens,andwhichtreatsitsJudgesfor thisCaptLxncB. TTiestew-that a free had beenand that been busy ever since in finding orhis as British butchers treated their beeves in theleft days when Smithfield market revived for sity which Fusion has attempted to imposeto beunder theOnr Administrative System.The Democratic County Conventitnti to-day,meanness and corruption in the Executivedepartments, and a decent regard for the opinions of mankind in the tone and talk of the Government on the subject of Slavery.Mr. Ifancey in New-York.Mr. W. L. Yancey, formerly of Troy, N. Y.,now of made a last Alabama, political speechtics, and theMr. Yakcey is a man of middle age and cise and peremptory letter in which Judge be less obnoxious to theirThecommon-place gentleman. He does not look ciary has been frequently attacked, and from Kent, James Kidd, Hervey H. Ross, Johnand Lorenzo Burrows.So far is this leeling amongst the DemocraticIrish and Germanssuch a series ofoOear vAa waa lapwi^^and thelikeaprofessionalFire-eater,norwouldhebe difTerentpointsofview,—norhavewespared JamesM.Pulver,MilesFinch,CharlesH.Carroll, rived,andisatQnatantlne,whanshewQlgeneral appearanceof arespectable,York.Nxw-OsLMBa, Wedaaatey; Oct. llL^5^ The steamshq)BtauilU,fnmwhatwe is a newhave to remain ten daya.Ttw news fiom Havaaa waa OBlaipaitBfti 'The City waa healthy.The sugar market ma qoiet aad prleaa iradmgBi.'JThe total stock in was eAmatad rt Ua,N> benv portYork,of the results of thisfew decent and mencompelof their office and deathavenue, that a Judge more or less should benearlyron thempoint Atthougfa he announced that he was a seen inflicted upon mea, is not only drifting Electors, named by the Committee of Fifteenpurposes.im Tuaadajcevaabuf. ^IKay long leave ilm at large. Prfaicess Ann* and ing the hope that the day had not come puts aside the plea that universal suffrage cf treason to the Democraticfheydis- topics entbneed in tita ad-cultto see how the VigUance Committees canCaagieaa on vaaooa anb-and AMBrican Oom-" KoTfoft Counties were quietPatty. TheySilh Inst.byed, which reportwlyetantQ he when a Southern man could not speak foUy is to he held responsible for the general cannot vote, all affirm with one voice, in favorWSIaidb * Wedaaadigr, Oct !•.enoughtook up Us residence there, and we trust that and freely in defence of his own section and indecency of our whtde public administration. of their own condonnatlon. They will be.mx rfOav. iHWAiiAWUt.of the SeveattL' the faiTCatic^ions to which this insurreeUon Us institutions, and yet be received as a fel- After declaring that he is obliged by his duty forced to scratch theseseven names from their, Btedwtthaapleiii- atqr fim4w will not be suspended nntfl it ia low-countiyman in a Northern State. In this to himself to resign an office, the tUnctlona of ticket, and thus the Fusionists are threat-l^iwpect&amths dea^dmoMtnied whether he had any- b^e he certain^ waa not disappointed. whichcannotbe dischargedbyhbnwithsafe- enedwith double desertions from different, Sm;.a^fo»city'o"'•"**^*•"nsSfIs-ofCoL thfaig to do wUh ft irwas not long since Abont reciprocating the etanplimeat and per- ty, because the sessions of the Court are held bnt iBOBt aattm] eauses.S^r^.S^ewBeoufsearcitlaaaa. Ofipi^-.sSf^J^^^i-*thmtOoT. Wm addieaaed the Texaas in these inittiac a Rorttiem aiaa to speak with e^nal now, and have for three years been held inIt has nottfecaiml remaric that at the CooperUntitled Document>^, :Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069v^.ts.-rRi-us, to thisup-byqualitiesfliftHpasDt.of to-day, a substantial, real and government, worthy of our Metropolis and the Republic.How this is to heBut do not the Aldermen inflict a wrong out to the few citizens of New-York who care dinla will be left to manage bar own 1that whatever may be the wishes of the Re- that any class in the City except themselves own permanent interests, to think upon the the propriety, if not neoesittr. of aaeuiiaHiealipublicans on these topics, they are not likely can be regarded as " an aristocracy ?" In matter at all. They will without rangemants with Anstiia eaaeaniac Oa recognizebeprohibited, and a great variety of legislativeanotherresponsibleMiaiater, haaantta^ • - -,beingwould soon be movliig towards Italy. Tha —It'll President does not make laws, any more power have the Astors, Aspinwalls, Taylors, to work out the chaos it involves. For the made by Gaeibaldi of Pn>-IMetatar dartag Ma'^b-onr WsBLoon nun maiubi icans in recognizing the tribute paid oar com- than the Supreme Court does nor,practicaUy, and so forth, when compared with such rest we can only repeat the words oftheir respectiveingtreaty stipulation,gladlyvole for aoeta Ifthey<qiportanlty." it is wicas—.ffr-j-ie--,-t-t** ?»-**--*/--,BriagovliBBiMttandtfasywIUeaMIWtt; thamofthattightwflleartaialyfalL BatOm desire wise, ani Joi^t, and able rulers, aad theywhilefor08aUtoconsiderevil, and the whole opportunity ia never afibrded, and underthetrue Milesian and Teutonic stomachscan therebellious draughts quiet instinct.attached to {be Legation here, will soon retara thither.testingthat the of Mr. Lincoln supportwouldare ticketto setits face the namessame tiate last at 3Jt reals per keg.done,not pointaadais not abstruse. We have it oiU ala any Mlwyl taand position by the petty arts which prevail overwhieh proveismj pnUie nMttiWW».fby AWAmS AVJudge PizBKEFOHT SOrage upon the body poliUc. Our remedy lies Chargaa Agalawofurgentcarried, that already;bare willwho come afterlongter-roll is as followsileraan J. Redfield, Selah B. Strong, Elijah F.Purdy, Elisha P. Strong, Martin Sprioger, IsaiahBlood, David C. Judson, Charles Goodyear, George nominated Hon. ExAsnaCeaaiaa for riiiigiiai lijC. Ambrose S. Clyde,clamation, and Thokas KaAaan far CneaiK Tnaa- "Lucius B.PearEon Mundy, John M. Strong, Edwin M. Ander- Eon, Addison Gardiner, John B. SUnner, Jr., Wil-liam WUliams and Stephen D. Caldwell.For all these that portion of our adoptedParty profess perfect willingness to vote. But when asked to deposit their ballots for the ten Native Americans on the same ticket, theyPresidential elector.ers the of " of thestrength that element which Fu- HiT, agenuattemptswill take the stum for it within the pof the loss of the Csasteamer will leave tliis part oa fba SU WL Stabeing.-party discipline under the neces- "England bytatttar think OityBpeeial Otspatih to iha Dispatches from the U. B. 1charges aad oomplalnts agaiaat CafLlMtaaa.sence Is In Paris as a teeak regardedof theif it has not done sorelationsalready. Anotherpropoaitiaaofthe Spanish Minister In Mexico has receivedteThe Next Sterner arOe Qalwav Jand beat TaeoiBmaaita,aai|ke_,; ^^^^www.fultonhistory.com 