 Iground. It was he who not only gave moneydesert. The encroachments of Russia, theVv Q l £ * • • * • • • • • • • • • • • a • • • e a e t e t t e e e e e a e t t t • • # • • • »• XwjWJ I British government who accompany him that ABti Liquor law... 8,424In 1856 the result of the State election for the power and the greatness and the glory of the United States have not been overrated, andt w i« • • • awjaaanea.corrttymdttx*.W*mmihi good reqoett, sad prices firmer. Oorn was Bat- ter ami tokrably active. Perk was trmer, whllt take were moderate. Sales of mess were made at SIS 62 a $19 75, aad of new prime at $14 12« a t i t 21 an- gers exhibited rather more buoyancy, with more doing,r//*r f>Ait.r THK WKMMlj»«r«"Bw n p iSeptember will not amount to much, for in that State the elections hare always gone so deci- dedly one way that there it no probability of • change now. Even in 1852 it gave Scott 22,173. against 13.044 for Pierce; and ia 1859 it gave 81,367 for the republican candidate for Governor, against 14,489 for the democratic. The case of the Maine election it different It will test the strength of the republican senti- ment, and foreshadow the result of the sub- sequent Presidential struggle in November. Maine hat in late years gone republican; but recent events may have produced a reaction whoseevidencewillberevealedinthecoming State election.In the olden time Maine went democratic;as, for example, in 1848, when the returns ofthe Presidential election were at follows:— QtVffS . . e a s e • . . ' , , . • . . . . . . . • . . • • • • • • » » OV ,MW TBIYIGT e»•*»«*•• U H t to te to »te ••••*••*••*••••* •••"*'*•» VwUi Buren..•• •••••••••**tee«»te *»»• »•»••»M»M• ** wttoIn 1852 the Presidential election was foughton the.basis of the Compromise measures of1850, and the Union sentiment prevailed. Thebare to support the Union ticket and defeatthe sectional candidate, Mr. Lincoln, whoseelection would place all the best interest* of deed, have candidates some before the people the country in jeopardy, and render valueless at all. General Scott was induced to do it inrprros JJID PB0PBJIIO1.of u r » »Oowrnor Utcber'i » « * ma-T l»Port»»e«, from Ik b«rlng on the PwddontLlprospect of wealth and prosperity before them,the Prince comes we shall be overrun with visiters.THE pREsrPEKTiAL GAKTJCDATXS at/ TIE Sititrv- Never was there a Pietidential election before in which to many of the ttntlMtttw took the stump as in the present contest Seldom, in-• m o i ». W. eBBsss «******» ABB rwnm« * * <• ee».a» Mm* ml s».aa»1wflilse«sVwhat a stimulus the merchants and tile million «1. r^Maeet ****** W*. etoB**elfceefflhmi*rfe«tt«*- ofconservativevoters—whoneverexercisetheir right of franchise except in soots great crisi*—MOI recrfa*! si mttmarip'U* ^-— au^^ SJ9iflB^^B*JB•%-oTrVrTir TMe*jwpojr»«»r* ****** «»-.. w-fietW /»««•••* «-*•««•*/ lAt werld; 4/• / »»<4rf A><- Bar*' >oa r o m e * Coats r4J.f < CIA*«T * w « « * » *© SBAJ, *"• U m n 441 * *90f WB. I»*>*fcr !*««•'rwi fAMiir MMMA10 mPb7ajp'tamftzerg ~tk* Awi'rejW^* yMyMMJ Ha rA,M«fy **» <and *writtoi»• m tjBtaei0 * asiwafsif t * * * ef Dewirm-GamUut«saw.hat dtwrStt lerdutj s e t f *tthen OSO *aaaovet a* tattythefoaikey inn eeyand andBreianThe st laesTtB teat. X« * e . T Stock ia Sifheegi tfewYstSS8.0JPeaky* fwrteace ajoarUe«**» 1mills are slost tea Sonedaj baft t e wT b eIbtgf eatseB eircomsian ensnared, l a lengthto this BadSt 1•ai Willii n e p tsay, and citisens seaalveijtof.tnh inINtorithrough, •patches taweativoium* unr.AMCtBMBKTS THIi ITWIKO.PI Buys OABDBB.Bo. S 4 3 »hiie prices were anchseged. TBt salts eomprBed M t t hbds.asd800atatboxes. OXttewastosomewhat more request, aad prices rslber setter siatelasd. A cargo of 3,408 tags Rlowaa ssM et 1»«« , wtth seme 400 Lagoara at Ml^e. rretghti were arm, with sngsgements of 60,000 a eO.OOO bushels wheat to Liverpool s i 12d , inWIBTBB aAmonr, k t K wBOWBBT TftA'BBB, Bowery -HtBO or IiAlT-1P l A NBOBSKTTLINGTHE EASTERNQCXSLWAlMAOKmLAtTBA ASSAMA*AsTwser—-Wnsreshlp'a bags, asd 8,000 bWt. tear tt Ss. 31" To Loadoo, 2.000 bbto. fimr were taien at 3s Sd., asd 1,000 Boxes cheese at 46» , with 6,000 bushels wheat, by Steamer, InI ship's bags, at 14d.The Abolition CHaraeter of Black Re- pmblteasvteaa Proved—Its Import to the Central States.THXATBB, SO.•••••••••T TUBAr—Hew's T o n I ' m i ta orresult was:— fierce.Scott..Hale...Bake—a total for American onejmpitoa o< SOS 000 bake, \ through them to Invade Virginia, for tito r*vThe Main* Election—1Uor the value of H0,4oo,coo. The stoch rtcentiy held iaLivrpool aamsnted to about 1^00,009 belts, of whichabout lJWt.OOO were AmericAa, of the vales of•boat $o0,e^,e9e,^a»e^y^eli^brea4^r^^breSsasetosaremateriallylesstoweighttsaathoseofAaerietc production As direct exports from the UnitedSttfeatothesortsofEuropeandetherplaces,besidesFrancs tad toiland, bars bees 46,000 bales kss this yearteen lest, though knows Is require mors, the detciea-sy « being supplied by re txports from Liverpool, which, atuck a Southern slater State in arms, is ft Mr with Lbdimtaabed eoaseaipUoa, was reaeoteg the stock, expression of the •enthneuts of moderate ted which decrease will be noted as later advices come Southern men. Will Pennsylvania att&t Vir- £,?;/:w&.- *.«»«*to»•/•**««4«rx««* to band. Ko one supposes that the present crop will ginia, or aid to subjugate hex? What attitude equal the last, let toe season henceforward be what it w'l manufacturing New Jersey take towardsamy, aad should sa early frost occur, It may materiallycurtail tee amount. Tat floor market was armtr, but th« abolition hosts of "the Massachusettsthe blessings which Providence bat showered 1862. Now nearly all the candidates for Presi-AJ» PASSmt fmrrrm* ptr holders ttedlag to cheek salts. Wheat was slatschool!" Where will commercial New York stand? T h e n is but one proper way for the conservative interests of these Central States to reply to these questions, and that is, taking warning from the nomination of the radical abo- litionist Andrew for Governor of Massachu- setts, to determine that they will defeat the electionoftheabolitionistLincoln,sothatsuch grave and terrible questions shall never be put to these States.has active. TBS asioerate receipts sad stlflsesB ofTH£ Parses or WALKS AND THE FIREMEN.—The arrangements for the reception of the Princeof Wales have begun to assume a more defi-nite form. It ia now settled that there will bea review of the First division New York confidence on the part of one and alL8tate Militia, a grand ball given by the com- Lincoln was the first to take toe field, but mitteeofcitizens,andatorchlightprooeeslon onlysucceededinmakingonespeech. InthatThe black and bitter abolition character of the republican party stands out more and more OMW» Aairo DoDou-LmssOB- clearly to view at the campaign advances, reading deep and portentous lessons to every41,60932.643 .......... ................ 8,080; Po»*i-rrcA* wvwmm.. - D a ysz^ssss^&szgvszfor Scott was a far more popular man, nor yeta triumph of democracy, for there was no de-mocratic issue, but a victory over the disunion in which all respectable citizens will be re- agitation which sought to disturb the settlement quested to participate. This committee, it of 1850, agreed to by the leading statesmen of seems to us, have nothing to do wild processionsBIBIXPS SABOOH, Broadway- MUIOTUM w BrmoeiAa Snot, B nNATTOSAl. rAnnnss.IT WAS—MA«M Pius—MAMIcnuAM BAI*.fALAOB. QABPBB. SfwaratteBj •AicAtiOBrBMAinurTBTSIC BALL,New V©rB, Friday,C i n u u ' i> Ariel. Capt. Miner, wlil leave this I steamship Aport lo morrow, At naoon, for AspinwaU.The malB far Oaltibrnia and other porta of the PacifleRepublican minated by his party on that explicit gulf, and from the Caucasus to the Lybian Democrat..44,862.2$ ,898 show the Prince and the representatives of theBroadway3i, lsee.tion would be susceptible of an easy and defi both the whig and democratic parties in Con- or reviews contemplated by others; but ifnite solution. gress, including Clay, Webster and Calhoun. the firemen—in whose ranks there are many richThe idea that has been recently started, of Maine, for its patriotic action at that time, in men—or the military—who are equally able—conservative interest In this country.We have the public aad authoritative avowal of Mr. Seward that " the Massachusetts school" is the true school of black republicanism, and of Lincoln, whose only claim to the Presiden- tial chair Is that he is an avowed soldier in its ranks, enlisted for life or death to the bitterposition. They purpose simply not to "mono- pol ize" the Prince, but to give him a grand ball,pfesaion of resistance to a policy that must deATION.—That troublesome and Indefinite issue) the Eastern question, promises to give busy oc- cupation to European diplomatists for some years to come. The difficulty in bringing it to a settlement is occasioned, however, lets by in- herent obstacles than by the interest which the leading European Powers have in continuing the present unsatisfactory condition of things in Turkey. Theyallfeel,liketheEmperorNicho- las, that it will be better to let that empire fall to pieces than to reconstruct it, for they may then come In for a share of the fragments. If they could only be prevailed on to make a sa- crifice of their selfish views the Eastern ques-carry out theIrrepressibleconflictto theend. The character of "the Massachusetts erecting Syria into an independent Pashalik, contradistinction to Vermont and Massachusetts, should object to appearing on account of the school" has received a new exposition in the and making Abd-el-Kader its sovereign, pre- Was greeted as "the star in the East" But by expense, we have no doubt that the city will benomination of John A. Andrew as the black sentsthegermofthissolution. Whenthe Ma- thecorruptionand mismanagement of the re- ready to foot thebills,whichwill be only arepublican nominee for Governor of the old homedan"conquests were consolidated into one publican leaden ever since 1854, the State hasBay State. Mr. Andrew It a dear and empire, with Constantinople as its seat of go- gone republican. In the election for Governorbagatelle after all.It is to be sincerely hoped that all classes will join in the endeavor which is to be made tounmitigated abolitionist of the Garrison and vernment, the sway of the Sultan extended from K d t t l o n . Wendell Phillips school, and has been no- the pillars of Hercules to the Persianthat year the numbers were:—himself, but actively procured subscriptions revolt of Mehemet Ali, the revolution in GreeceThe MBW T o n WBtJir HW*TA—California edition— from others for the purpose, and sent counsel of and the conquests of France in Algeria, have Governor was as follows:—wUi state tt balf-patt tea o'clock tomorrow morning.SMUtninf the latest intelligence from ail parts of the "the Massachusetts school"' to Virginia to de- contracted this once vast dominion within com- Republican ."M,TO0 that they may have the evidence of their own ....48,688 eyes to confirm what they have heard with theirworld, wtth a large tonatity of local t a t nUaoeUaneoae atatter, will bo prtllahil at half-past nlno o'clock la the saonlag.»a«ie eoptat,tatwrapper*-, ready By •A*1!1M, six oeats. for many years one of the most influential of keep under subjection, and It it to its weakness Presidential candidates in the tame year:—fend John Brown from the just punishment for paratively narrow limits. But even tins the Democrat.bis bloody raid into that State, and he has been decrepit government of the Sultan it unable to The difference was greater in the case of the ears. As to the ball, there will be nothe rabid abolitionists. His nomination is a practical ratification of Lincoln's declaration of an "irrepressible conflict" between the North and the South; of Seward's brutal and bloody speech at Rochester; of Helper's in-that we owe the atrocities that have recently shocked the Christian world.ters are the military and firemen's parades, 3,325 the like of which cannot be seen in Europe.ArnU will pleoasne ana. ta their enters so early so poo- BSkla.BJowav.The State Ceotral Committee of the Douglas de-ridge State Committee meet at the St Nicholas ings of "the Massachusetts school," and every England the bone of contention over which tive, and opposed to abolition. The result in pendent bodies the Prince and hit retinue will to exceed by a large figure that of any former next week, when a conference of the representa- one who has present interests at stake, who has they are ever ready to come to blows? Ob- Maine was, therefore, far more favorable to him obtain a better idea of our peculiar institutions season. The Custom House returns, the weeklyIt being admitted that the present political system of Turkey is inadequate to the protec- tion of its Christian subjects, who form more than half its population, and that owing to theon the stump, and it only romaine for Hamlin Mr. Fremont however, was not regarded as Just now the volunteer militia system is at- and Bell and Everett to come forward to hawthe whole of the candidates in propria persona before the people, who would thus be the bet' ter able to judge of the respective merits and principles of each, and render a more intelli-mocracy, which haTO been ia sessloo for the pasttwo days at the Bt Nicholas Hotelfatthis city, forthe purpose of ofganiziag for the Presidential can-vn3, have appointed a committee, consisting ofMi ssre. Benj. Wood, Wm. D. Kennedy and F . L.Laain. to confer with other political organisations,with the view to the union of all the anti-repabli- republican party. In view of them, no man at once to effect it, and, at tha same time, to nomination to Fremont, and he accepted i t time. They may be appropriately termed the c a as in order to ensure the defeat of Lincoln andcendiary and treasonable teachings; of Sum- ner's murderous harangue, and of John Brown's revolutionary practice.jealousies of the three leading European Powers there is no possibility of its being so reconstructed at to insure that object, what ia the plan that recommends itself at being likelypresent to the European view a most formida- thousands on probation, as an element of oppo- ble brigade. Nearly an of them are trained sition to the corrupt party in power, gave its to bear arms, and to them danger is as a pas-It is such events as these that form an irre- futable declaration of character for the black)THE FALL TBABE—INFLCXOFSTRANOERS INTOTHE METROPOLIS.- Judging from present indica- Hamlin at the November election. The Breckin- can doubt what is the true tenor of the teach- place out of the reach of France, Russia and republicanism then professing to be conserva- Zouaves of civil life. From these two inde- tions, the trade of New York thb fail bids fairtive* of the democratic parties wUi no doubt be lield.children to whom to leave the bright inheri- viously that of so dividing up its provinces intotance he received from his fathers, who has a Ismail but independent States that the unrulythan to the candidate for Governor, the diffe- end theory of self-government than any other.rence being 12,789 votes. Owing to the con- And we put it to our correspondent and all earnings of the railroads and canab, and the unprecedentedly crowded condition of the tinued demoralization and corruption of the de- who may think with him, that whatever mea- hoteb, all denote a degree of commercial ac-patriotic hope for a future career of greatness m population of each can be kept in perfect con-•Tales abow him to be aa busfly at work as ever. aad prosperity for his country, must tremble trol by its chief. The example of Egypt will mocratic party, and the factious conduct of its sure of importance the Princes visit may have tivity which has not till now been witnessedOur accounts of the movements of the Prince ofYesterday he visited several towns, received testi- at the prospect of such fanatics obtaining pos- suffice to demonstrate the feasibility of thistncny of Canadian loyalty, looked at half a dozen session of the federal power of the confedera- scheme. Its Pasha is equal to all the requirements still prevailed in Maine last year, when the every other. Whatever tends to attract the at-processions, and went through the daily routine we tion. Men calling themselves moderate repub- of his post, while his responsibility to the Euro- result of the election for Governor was as fol- tention of the European governments to the city The rapid rise which has taken place in rail-liave recorded for the last two weeks. like a sen- licans, who believe that their party Is merely pean governments is full and complete, without lows:—since 1857.of New York, aa a great commercial metropolis, road shares of all kinds b another evidence of 6t,Btl having within itself the foundations of its own the confidence winch b felt In our businesssible man, he reads the NEW Toax HEBALO, and the fart &st the history of his reception at St Johns appeared In the London Timet in advance of that cf their own special correspondent, received com- ment* which indicated that he fully appreciates such o\ idences of [American enterprise.senator Wilson, of Massachusetts, addressed the republicans of Soath Brooklyn, last evening in their vift warn, passing in review the respective candi- siates for the Presidensy. He spoke for two hoursandahalf,andhisremarkswerereceivedwithnn- naual enthusiasm. A sketch of his speech will be found in another column.The steamship f fries, which left Liverpool on the ISth and Queoaatowa on the 19th instant, for lN'ew York, had not made her appearance off this pot up to a late hour last night The Africa will bring two days lster European news..By way of New Orleans, we have advices from Havana to the 17th instant. There is no general newaofanportance. The sugar market was doll, »ith a stock on haad of 220,000 boxes. Freightscontinued Inn.The Board of Pablic Charities sad Correction held their fertalghtiv meeting yesterday afternoon. The weekly return of statistics submitted to the Board showed the number of inmates in the va-rk as public institutions of the city at present to l>e 7.701 -a, docreaso of sixteen for the past week. The Dumber admitted durtns ta* same period was 2.2J3, while those who died, were discharged or transferred to ether institatieaa, numbered 3,2*9. The report of the Committee i f the Whole on the ncmerous subjects connected with the repairing of the institutions, the changes among the officials en)ployed therein, and the condition of the bv mates, was then read, but it contained nothing of an unusual, or by any means interesting, nature. The report was adopted in the usual harmonious way. without one word of dscassion, and theBoard adjourned.Letters of administration have been granted byoccasioning him any anxiety as to their de-Republicanthe Surrogate to the widow of Gustovus A. Rats,wt: c h place the personal property of the deceased, fanatics, bent on the subjugation of the South-A PLEASANT SIGHT TO WITNESS.—0-ne of thepleatantest things to contemplate just now isthe revival of business In every quarter, andthe opening promise of s profitable trade whichdawns upon the land. With abundant harvests the envy of other nations. The first grandamounting to some 110,000, under her control.The Comsiteaionets of Police met yesterday, and ad.or.med after transacting some merely routine lni»:ne«s.A trot came off yesterday on the Union track be- tween Mr. Benj. Wood's gelding Prince John and •Ir J. B. Monnofs gelding Native American, for a r<"»e of tl.000 a side, mile heats, boat three hi live. in harness. Tie stakes were won by Prince John. An account of the race may be found in another column.The eeiee of eottos yesterday embraced about 1,000 fcaiee. The ssarket closed wMasa* aasogs mtry at the present time affords a prospect pfunexampled prosperity which may well excite North, and that fact ought to ruin his Presi-There seemed! to a s of later fcbefore doSaf deflat*:ythei whrbopisssas etoMo to ssarroi sad the rest* ever, hesaaaS4BpceiUoo to await them st tea pert by the Africa, «xtees t o k e n stock htht to this market, aboutyear B asseuat will then bea s m * of record. It win, how-A CbAPtirv, .tohn J»co»» B Becker X D 8UrU»«ot, fcaa tir Mnnlalasd.SBSS SslSox the wheie sseaBy.Tms aaaafjSs to toe ports at toe *t^J»^*»»e«<i»Ae<)-*MT*Ateee*s,iad stay by k, morrow reach «te*OSS tolas. TtethB asassat, »The platformly fott what m e called the doll times. It b 1—About SOm tae C-geesjn, %SBBW,ISO Sto hak. wlh he tBtBBStta tassaSSstlorers lalaad,aMsf/Ssav T l . m aa*. trosn eoass other poeats aa fasthis wiu tire s total t,eco.oeotolas,wtoab a aty correct. Tha yBtsJst eeJe, wuj assasat to tee as thahalee, which, at thet» BUT ,»•*.ern merchante rely with ahidIttg,hope upon thequite true that the summer exodus has beenunprecedentedly large, but thb efflux has beenmore than compensated; by the influx from therural districts, by means of which the hotelBeepers have waxed fat, and the Broadwayshopkeepers have been made to rejoice withexceeding great gains. Just now the town bmore crowded than ever. People are flockingin from the watering places, aad the hotels arecrowded with Southern and Western people intransitu. The weather Is perfectly lovely, andno rain b expected before the arrival of thePrince of Wales, who, It appears, is attended aaclose!v bv Juniter Pluvins a.- h-v th* IVw» «.# drea; B o Nei and two fcan > L ManbBn TBwaanimated by a desire to prevent the extensionof slavery in the Territories, and that it meansno hostile aggression upon the sovereign righto vinces ot the empire be disposed of in the same more fully developed its designs, and the John ist, the merchant or the professional man. All and social safety of fifteen sister States, must manner. Syria, which is distinct from Turkeynow begin to see where they really stand. They in its language, its customs aad its prejudices,must perceive that they are deceived into sup- might be given to Abd-el-Kader, whose abili-porting the projects of the moat intolerant and ties as a ruler and friendly disposition towardsbloody minded set of bigots that it is possible the Christian population point him out at emi-prospects. Thb feeling b, to a certain extent, justified by toe extraordinarily favorable reports that are being received of the results of toe present harvest In seven of the Northwestern States alone the Chicago papers estimate the produce of the wheat crop at 116,000,000 bush- els. It b no wonder that, with these facts, coupled with gloomy accounts of the European harvesta to workupon,speculators in railway shares should have recovered some of the fool- hardiness which had been damped by the panic of 1857.However they may err on the sanguine eide, there b no doubt that the earnings of the rail- roads wUi thb year be larger than usual. The returns of the canab since their openingto conceive of. They mutt learn that they have nently fitted for its government The two nocontrol of the partyorganizationtowhic% Armenianprovinces could becombinedunder they are affiliated, but that its whole manage- the rule of one of their old princes, many fami-tropolitan city, of which we are so justly proud.lies of which are still in existence. This would whose aspirations they do not share, whose leave Turkey, on the Asiatic side, the whole of destructive schemes they detest, and whose the peninsula, from Kizil Irmak to Marash, or plana they had vainly hoped to restrain and thereabouts, at well at the command of the control. In a word, they must now be con- Black Sea. in Europe it would be good policy vinced that they are nothing more than tools in to make the Balkans her artificial, at it is her the hands of Wm. Lloyd Garrison, Wendell natural, boundary, which would still leave to Phillips, and the rabid abolitionists of "the her a noble territory, comprising the Her-Massachusetts school," which will scorn their zogovina, Albania, Macedonia and Roumelia-ment and impulses are in the hands of fanaticscounsels, and fling them aside when the triumph they aim at is attained.with Constantinople as Its capital. Bosnia amp Servia might then be united underand extremely popular. The South could not $004,336 over those of 1839, and before the close the act will speak volumes, and the effect pro- have had a candidate more completely to lb of navigation it will probably amount to more duced over the whole North wUi be tremen- taste. But, unfortunately for hb chancesof po- than a million. The same influences that affect dous. It would be a declaration, not in litical elevation, he had accepted hb nomina- the revenue of the canab, of course, also con- favor of democracy, for that organization is shat- tion from men who allowed themselves to be tribate to swell that of the railroads, whilst theTo the conservative, industrial, commercial one prince, at are Wailaehia and Mol- and intellectual Interests of the country this davia, whilst Bulgaria should have a sepa-1850 hi orthodox and accepted in I860,of tie country, to toe shipping trade of the York. They are buying large stocks In Atlantic cities, and stimulating the commerceLii M:*.oi—StMaanip Una- I W fjasSasstl ef MT; K»*», Kasjaad; W MKcheU. UTtrpoo:: attae ater* Xackiia Bindicationof what"theing places and other summer resorts, are pour- the crop of 1859, but still, will enable tirely objectionable as b Abraham Lincoln.election of Lincoln on the abolitionistmust carry the Seuthinto armed resistance in would prepare for the country If they could self defence of its rights, its existing social or- work out their selfish purposes. But the South- ganixation, which none but itself has the rightto characterize as good or bad, and the in-terests of its citizens. When sueh a state ofeWl war comes, it is not alone Delaware, Mary-land, Virginia and Kentucky that will be bor-der States. Pennsylvania and MewJersey, tooWIU stand in that category, and the most 1*1portent portion of the State of New York, and*ey,too, may be calledSnfft2£2J oteMeOoagB.a. M nurnx Jupon to answer the importantquestionsthatapplytoborderStates.What will be their reply when a ».„««„.! Ietarter, V LaTaate, S B Gilbert. B H AJbraWM. W P "BenjR AMUlee, JHA Maiden. J B Beard. J B .rtlaad., W C0 McfQljiuiceaen, Isigns upon his territory. Let the other pro- Democrat.ing back into the cities to resume their com- us to export over two hundred millions of mercial occupations, and with a prospect be- dollars worth. The harvests throughout theThb will insure the peace of the country and cause both sections to entertain for each other sentiments of kindness, respect and admira-fore them such ai they never had before.rJuhttke Jns Kampacr on* *"*. HOVonnor. 8 D SBtcaeU, X Juroaa. MBanard, J K BarJw-fcka. JaoByaa. T Bradfere, Jofca B;n>u, Co! J W Webb. J MBason ladv aad tve daatt-entire country are abundant to a degree without One of the most cheering features in this pic- any parallel, and should a bouteversem*nl occurr and I'lrmc at. E Panni*, and Udy atsa Alice Barmase.chantsexhibitinthegoodfeelingandconser-vative principles of Now York and tha North amount of wealth into the Western States,generally, as indicated by the Union electoral tickets in Pennsylvania, New Jersey aad Newdoner ana lady. Mfc Barrett-and 15 in tte ateerajre.spite of the gloomy future which politiciansof the country generally.There b every Indication also that our yield;of gold from California and Pike's Peak, and ofsilver from the Washoe mines, will be most•eel. wm B M M T i r a l ?«MBrodie. BMiiaw, Of P tAader, A MCohen. Jos W I-ewis, J V SeoU, Geo B B*B8ti)M.M-conservatism of the North to defeat the sec- plentiful, while the coal districts will contribute tional abolition candidate and preserve the their share to the wealth of the country withttpaeBB Ooassll and ZZL » ^ •cB»r Oao Faarp. Jo. M W . TotSpeace and entirety of the Union. Theysty not less abundance; our gold and silver aadfjeev, V KBen Chares D BttwarVn A tatter, 7K £ 1 Mr BaakennaU, Joan A ftoaait-4saaMerase.that however the politiciant may conspire todesteoy them, there It a tower of strength in the of the land. The United States appear des-eontervative principles of the Northern com- Btercial cities, which will maintain union audtined t o become the great supplying country in everj thing which the wants or luxuries of man requite, paramount above all the nations of theff**)aa,A 1*TI. B .fnhDwro. X H NAtbas, V n f>a*wMl t A Thumwhen the crisis conies; and, thus assured, theyDopeace against all the assaults of their eniesUntitledDocumentmmHI ii•••»H—•U»••«•.!••?g3^ywWAV.AY, AUGUST 31.1 1880.of Lincoln's success some movement In the dress Is more charming Asa at anyThe election in Maine, to be held oa the 10th Soath may tend to break up the harmony of wesson, and we advise ail our wsJteadersta the Union, and bring disaster upon the com- take an early pppcrtunity of enjoying the cityThis was not a personal triumph for Pierce, from indigence and obscurity to affluence audrretnont. Buchanan Fillmore67,1T» 80.080a sectional candidate, but as a eontervativeSouthern man, In whom was embodied the op-position of the whole country against the de-mocracy. The republican party, which had not this arm of military service. Then the firementhen developed itself, and was supported bygent decision.leaders in Congress, the republican sentiment for one class in the community it possesses for4*,3TS prosperity, is as important to the working man, Since that election the republican party has the mechanic or laborer, as to] the capital-Brown raid has opened the eyes of thousands of us, whether we build ships or houses, or im- of conservative men at the North to the danger- port goods, or engage In any profession oroat and revolutionary nature of the organiza- trade, are equally interested in promoting the tion, as avowed by its leaders in their speeches prosperity and increasing the fame of our me-sod in "Helper's Impending Crisis of theSouth,"whichtheyhaveallendorsed,from;theSenators and representatives In Congress down- THE CONSERVATIVES OF THE COUNTRY.— ward. What effect this handbook of treason AN EXAMPLE WORTHY OF IMITATION.—The ant John Brown's overt act at Harper's Ferry South has given to the rest of the Union may have produced on the conservative portion an example well worthy of imitation. One of the republican party in Maine remains to be of the Southern candidates for the Presi- seen. The ensuing election will tell the whole dency was—we can hardly say b—Mr. Breck- story. If the people of Chat State should reject inridge. Thb gentleman b young, able,merce of the whole country. But with such _a_ jdgtiuLtiie^lesssjriteUime-e^on as.dent and Vice President have entered the Usss in person with their armor on. It seems proportion to the absence of ezoiteatentthe people is the seal of the ttptrnahi for the chief magistracy. There is an evident want ofof the Fire Department. In reference to the speech, however, he said enough to last for thelast named demonstration, we have reseived a rest of the campaign, if not for the rest of hisnote, of which the subjoined it a copy:—HSw T o n , Aufust 80, I860 jAMia GOSDON Bmnrrrr, Esq. :—rium Sim—Why don't the committee, of which jou are owe, end who represent 82^0,000,000, pay the expenses of tb* firemen's parade, and not a»k the working men of the city to do it, as they would have to if the city paid it? T suppose, from the names of the committee, that the rich intend to monopolise the Prince, aad they Should payforIt. A FIREBAN- ANDWORKIKG MAN." A Fireman and Working Man" is, it seems to us, a little hasty. The committee to which he refers represent all classes of citizens. Many ofthemhaveraisedthemselves, byhardwork,life. He declared his determination net onlytobitter end, but that he and all other republi- cans would by degrees go greater and greater lengths, thus showing that revolutionary re- publicanism b not only aggieauite bat pro- gressive. Where it wUi stop, if not stopped atonce noae can tell.Mr. Douglas takes the stamp at the Northand South. Instead of meeting the issue as laid downbythe republican candidate,hegoesoff into tide Issues dead and gone, and talks about squatter sovereignty, which it nothing to the purpose. Breckinridge is to follow him im- mediately, having been announced to address a mess meeting next week in Kentucky. If he should take the same course as some of bis sup- porters, the firs-eating leaders at the South, who threaten a dissolution of the Union in a certain contingency, be will find bis words as wide of the mark as those of the Douglas. We hope hewill repudiate Ikedisunionia* at the South, and fairly and squarely meet the issue raised by the republicans and their candidate. Johnson, on the same ticket with Douglas, has stumped the South, and, what b curious, hb principles are opposite to those of the "Little Giant" Mr. Lane, on the same ticket with Breckinridge, has made a speech, of which a re. port will be found in another column. It speaks for itself.Thus three candidates for the Presidency, andtwo for the Vice Presidency, are either out ordifficulty; but the more important mat- coming out stumping for themselves. Samtracting particular attention abroad, and the perfection which our citizen soldiery have at- tained It a sufficient proof of the efficiency ofthe republican candidate for Governor—and it gallant, of winning manners and address, show already an excess in the receipts oftered to pieces, but for the Union sentiment headed and controlled by secessiontets. That latter have, in addition, an amount of passengerrequires only a change ot six thousand votee-which is the real sentiment of the country. fact ruined Mr. Breckinridge's Presidential as- traffic over their lines exceeding that of any Massachusetts nomination comes with a thun- rate government of its own. By tint arrange- And the republican journals and leaders are pirations. Deservedly esteemed as he was in former period.der tone of warning, xr tea cloud fa our poli- ment the misgoverned provinces of TurkeyMaine to secure the election there, or whose that to far as the South is coucm u«a, that a c - local trade of our city. Our merchant? are not cocj ore the storm. It line in their hands to lieved from the caret with frntok he is at pre- significance they are fully aware, as an index tion b devoted to the maintenance of the Union preparing to taxe advantage of it by laying Indo this. The key position of the Presidential sent unable to cope, would be in a conauion to to the existing sentiment of the North. The and the perpetuity of our institutions, and large stocks of new goods; and if they can only contest lies in the Central States—New York, do full justice to hit people, and Europe would reeuit of the contest, therefore, on the 10th of will continue in that position if the North avoid over speculation, there b but little doubttical horlton hat seemed to them, nubatto, nobigger than a man's band, this sudden clapmust foretell to * * m the black tempest thatwill soon overcast our political sky u tney do Ch*i«H»n (lAftnlaHnn. Tn« PICK man, thus re-making a great noise in this State over local mat-Pennsylvania and New Jersey—the heart of our no longer be fretted by anxieties regardingthe next month, ^ m be looked forward to wtththe deepest interest » y statesmen and poli- b for the North now to give them that chance. able most of them to put a fair amount to theticians of all parties, and by the people of It b for the North to prove its devo-commercial, manufacturing and mining in-terests, and if they do not now roil back the of an inheritance which so many covet fanatic tide of black republicanism of " theMassachusetts school," they will soon have toroll back a stronger tide of hosts of aggressivewill give them a chance to do so. It that the result of the season's business will en-ern communities to their demoralizing and de- structive free negro teachings. Let no manflatter himself that when the hour of contest and a general activity In all branches of trade,South as Yancey and Co. were hostile to thecomes these Central States will be free from the bitter and bloody fruits of the fray. Who ever rightly contemplates their geographical position must think otherwise.the legitimate aim of this commercial nation appears to be rapidly reaching lie accomplish-dential aspirations just as Mr. Breckinridge saw staple of our foreign commerce, the cotton his destroyed by a parallel state of things. Letthe people of the North prove that they are as had except that of last jear, which was an im- generous and as conservative as theTheMassachusetts school" mean to do, which is givenia their nomination of the radical abolitionistAndrew for Governor, wUi go with new portentthrough every county, town and hamlet in theSouth. Ten years of contemplation there of the ture is the confidence which Southern mer- necessity of resistance has produced a remark-able change of the views in which secessionunmistakeableand disunion are held in the minds of all men, and what was esteemed aa political heresy inwould be placed under better, or at least more atoingent rule, and rendered separately respon- sible to Europe for their treatment of theirafraid of this result in Maine. While they are his own section, and indeed everywhere, thepopular verdict in almost every Southern State ters, and talking about Duer, and Brooks, and that has since spoken has been adverse to him.The stimulus imparted by abundant harvests, combined with the rush of visiters attracted here by the visit of the Prince of Wales, cannotthe fate of Constantinople and the dispositionHunt, they are sending money and agents to This is a warrant and assurance to the world fail to confer a vast amount of benefit on theprofit side of the account when they come to every section of the country. tion also to the Union. Mr. Lincoln, however strike the year's balance.eligible he might be In other respects, b the THE WEALTH OF THE COCNTBY.—The coun- nominee of men as avowedly hostile to theY a c h t i n g I a t e l l l g e a c e .The yacht Reindeer, Cx tamodore F. W. Reynolds, ef Providence, arrived at Jersey C.tj oe Wednesday eight, from West Poiat, tad sailed yesterday DMreiag for t cruise dowx toe Soond. The Greed Tycoon led JerseyCity for Providence, via Stoniagtot, on Wednesday eve-crop of the season, is the largest we have everringThe party and crew all well.A r r i v a l s a a d D e p a r t a x e e .ment in the present season. The thousands of mense one; but owing to a slight drought people of the South, by refusing topeople who have been recreating at the water- thb year the return falls a Utile short of give their suffrages to one who b so en-ABBIVALS;n * « n v o M > , Ac—fe^kau.:up To.-t:<.v»a—P McOeri; *oJj»AfBLJLJP*^' UT* *r n B r t* 5 B Xerssi. W H Booker, W H _ w - i . - 5 i , - - " ~ —j B J Orm. laA* aad threear« W»keart», & n R B Roller, a Cohen. U Sn**ab. B Sum*. Bketpel Wajlau S I. Joh^n. Tbo« Ores*. Wat BeClM*. GeoMe)nwd,HO•»».:!•.W!»W«d?,Waw*B*raot»i. PoaaIn Europe the demand for an export of breadrlers: Mrs Polrog. X folate© aj;diadyjUvpaarrell. - BandJBajnard «naje i*"f<» «•»«ASkiater Sand J Bernard N f»m.* C A e*o*oe, B«T a A SactiveFlour wkdtetat 7So. •eeduUFlour•1 10M 6,200 bCorn tn aavaao freightifeea. I84,SCO Flowerso.ot84c. for s n k s o ! cetpts- BosheU t>rshe!i BighteFltV.!stuflh will be very large, thus throwing a vastBer Mr Saowden .':>o K*inn*!\_wife aad t riaftui. A B last day of the summer of 1860, to be distin- Owatamer, MBaiter. 8 r'ttifu-d. X CaSAaaad l*d>. aObemgiving a wonderful impetus to the railroadsguished hereafter ftrsb sensations and its ex-treme beat Thb year the metropolis has scarce-coal have come to be part of the staple cropsCfiASuxaros-Staan&hip Coiu»We—Wm CadoaaT P P«_. ter, rOpSeSeerk.!ad»a=J«#in»ieLJena Gray,.J Grant, 9 J CjH.rt. A H Joef. W ft Bercbard. fa w.rar. B » ftvWM Jacobs. M C BMakaee, X Br.rkaer. J CYWaltion.THE LAST DAY OF SIMMER.—To-day b the Ber Mr SaowSea. .':>o Mtinner.wife aad t_ _ _ _ _ _ _ „ _ _ _ _ _ _-A:Houston has retired, else he would have beanawtke. M Boseawald L Robed* A Lv**nt.Va, Cohen aoote wsh* *i (lttJttNothing can occur to destroy the reall-globeration of these glorious prospects except theFulton New York 13069TaosKerasesbaa.IW»m MaryJ<niet,MrsNManttbeeratadat?raat.AT Go.:W Case D H Sort n. B Braan J Ur*Mcu«h aad tad), Mrs H MWiae. C Pe r't. W Bmr.aon. 6 Bia«!»Bl. bvtr aad »•»ra ta!l-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streettan- Jaawww.fultonhistory.com 