 >of Bog. edby the Qcateam- £t*JT #«-* gored the imgthest rom C i » - a. was dia- icy of thejer-ahipef h up oar of the At-American >per-»hipe> our man- now: iefetin was;was no big done «ad 60 to- T->e Ohiotamk,an4 banks o f tar law* »tes were:»ageha<* Mi a debtwpedtor ua*e he i« >fthe tax* I >jupk>r* I history. » * heart, and who apoireir^ing is singularly, quiet-looking and cozy, just such a home as a sensible man iu one of our sensible Pennsyl- vania towns would care to enjoy. Mr. Lincoln's man- ner is in perfect keeping with these home surround- ings, as I found on personal experience. Having been specially invited to fiis room at the State House, to "assist," as the French say, at the taking of bis physiognomy by a BoBton artist, Mr. Thomas M. Johnson, I had a capital chance of studying his appearance and judging of his character. The pictures which have Deen already published are.but a slight remove from broad caricature. Mr. Volk'o bust gives the truest^^ impression of the head and general bearujg. But neither the likeness by Mr. Hicks of New-York, nor that by Mr. Barry of Boston, ap- proaches to any degree of fidelity. The present crayon sketch by Mr. Johnson, if faithfully reproduced, wdl be an admirable picture. When Mr. Lincoln is en- gaged in animated conversation the play of the features is instinct with intelligence, the eye dilates with a gen- erous radience, the oheek-bones cease to have any noticeab'e prominence, and the mouth, which in-thewhere her family now reside for $11,000. Warner's w> ere tbe captain was.of PeiMf* ade. Wa nbie thearticle* utieeare, w y . l a:T uU« n o t >or man- Sngiandy m>t pro- I'elcomedleup food soon the free, bat i goods, h leave rrexiJeat, no made n- The her coa- tber ele- r thicklyour ad, rodocer,. aawide item dis- ions, notthe pro* re are eo t greatertae xvX- func that *eaee the stained,, hi. Ltoois en'tuna, ter taster. r papers «nt of a- iravclAa© tit: the outd failLetme subject, s St Co-, iphia. inontry, on*"r of other tornuamlc^ra pared Lnery tbe» •iod. .A*» itJiwoat oat dt> w© re- extraentir EM w* n*4 t for opora- fcsdussd to>*• *'M Tanff of.seres* that customer*. M> l i m i t o fh»d »c*roj»w u mora *» boaftay i OTCT u »conromod pie*; taeJr sua. Rail, suy; ooii- an*d wiod- • ia active:±rocu*tioabe we of TcuMe re- •>•-?«• ocxa- ' ne eon- tbe a*4»id aod kept».'.->-* UJ©ti4s titDfr; tested their devotisn by menacing some houses that party politics; he is thoroughly imbued with the true*p*cay. toe / toapaeioa* iev«ry ap»was like a patched and painted old dowager, vainly trying to look daehy and inviting.The short trip around Prince Edward Island had given needed rest to the royal party. It was not anenterprise, and I mention it here simply to show that the recent rapacity of Southern hotels Las now a parallel. Other systems of plun- der are common. As Quebec knows nothing ofyoung men, under thirty years, who are now sufferingtheir first sentence, and repenting their first crime.$100; no insurance. Origin of the fire unknown.CAUGHT IN THE SHAFTING.—Joseph Rawsou, a German, 9jrears of a/pr, living at No. 182 East Twecty-fo«rtls.degree m> ai the «a»N»r weeasa.remnnef>few. far to© I :: wooi4 a Son weie »B, that ia fdthatof t North- \i South* dggold. sLtache*-Hundreds of them have good-natured, intelligent, hon-est-looking faces, showing fewer features of the rogue •street, on Tuesday aaemoon went into the, machioe-shop at the1to McbQ- irtmg oar ,ppiaase.J Jttanchee- iooa. andnot the iaenee of/ rcial a n d a note, to ir oaked- ie*ion of oern oli- ough it» Cuaoun* i foreign ofAaw- *1 p>wer in the're- uoner a p - h and 6ch •ofPar-m iron «x*i which they- 0000*4 k>#S»e*. in orderrwuef e m - fc *t»JoM d UOUMQ4 tsof {bo*©) it of l*ocr, Y i-agtb olIt* tOOWMf-* M*K>U, cad ban prievm.h-'jtbiiWi*K»f*tmi» of aefiUUMT/ n»-wr mar-wnethat »hidl ourde- oacan- property itie WHX- «ii>Ie de>branebee it/«e list -x>a hasa tariit" Govern- >eut cor-a taritf i wage* or Aa*~e it can . ft now wbere.fa coal U,-.d a n d on. Ia' There were also some incidents of a serious The Canadian Ministry met the Prince atresults.once resign all interest in public affairs, and wonder, with many disloyal expressions, what others find to make eo merry about. Quebec is assuredly far from its customary sphere, and will doubtless so remain un- til after the departure of the Prince, next Thursday.QUEBEC, Aug. 21,1860.(<twice, to the particular dissatisfaction of the officers. A t one point a man fell overboard, and was resca d -With a promptness that delighted everybody, himselfthai leaves the sufferer uncertain whether to yield to vexation at the theft, or to admiration of the boldness and ingenui y with which it was effected. A gentle-Douglas flag now. The same folio <*s that hurrahed all the while for Old Buck, and in conventions and mest- ir.gs indorsed his ''mostpatriotic,energetic, h meot, and wise Admimsiration," now rebuke th% public corrup-—At a Convention of the Third Assembly District, of Jefferson County, W. W. Butterfield of Alexandria, and John Gould of Clayton, were' selected as Dele-a'POLITICAL.' '—— PROSPECTS IN MlfcSOURLQTJSBCC. Frews Owe OvmnVeporter.QuEBIC, Monday, Aug. 20, I860. It ia a great pity that royaltf cannot command the «aeme»ta. Since the arrival of the Prince of Wales in this count y, the weather has nianifested the exoemest tiiaregard of the importance of the occasion. It has frowned where amilea Weie most of all expected, andpresentandthusengagedwouldbe.likelytoforgetany member of the party, or any detail of the scene itself.I think it was a good thing to see—the Prince of WalesapproacbingthismorethanhalfFienoh Province, and,, while drawing near, joining so jovially in the chorus of a French song, sung by a French officer of Government. But it listed only a little while. :• At half-past 9 the lights vanished, and the cigars were sacrificed, the Prince yielding to the regulations of thehave thought of coming to Boston to make my first trip with Boston gas."fcniied enjy- at times when a little gloom might easily ship with greater readinescr than some gentlemen ofA similar extravagance of statement prevails re- ; garding thedisturbances which are looked for by the timid as likely to arise between the loyal and the dis- affected citizens. Whatever may be the conditioniof things at Montreal, and that:is probably not very threatening, there is certainly no cause, for apprehen- sion here. A noisy crowd, overflowing, with alle- giance, roamed the streets on Monday night, and at-why none of the picturesare like me!" In his conversa-tional language, Mr. Lincoln gives abundant evidence: a meteor in the West, abootthe size Sirfus, but rather of thorough sound sense, and a ripened experience. inferior in brightness, at 7:38 p. BU, New-York time:On public questions he expressed himself with an un- Its elevation, when first seen, was about 30°. or 35°. reserved'frankness. On European politics, he talked lobeeryed its flight through 60° oir 70°. Its courseT«U:TMfl£ Andrew Hanloy? Fourth, Denisl Douovw; FOB*, Jesep* Floek; Sfaali, Robert Collins.Each officer was declared unanimously electel.have been excused. Candor compels the aclcnpwltfdg-S&ent that the North American climate has done itself no of the inch or two of tobacco that remained unburned.It was then unanimously resolved the Club have a parade in full uniform, on next Tuesday evening; after passing,events could have imparted. The impression was, as I thought, N.N.W., but as the road was wind- which the following resolutions ware unanimous^Credit. Wherever the Prise*has moved, storms have ^recec*ed him. Heavy rains and doll mists have been nis perpetoai heralds. The son, however, has done,better Straggling with the gotten atmosphere at jast the criti- cal moment, and driving away the worst of the cloadsThen the deck became dimmer, the listening sailors moved slowly forward, the sentries took up their positions, the big Ne*foundlaud dog rattled his chain for good ni^ht and curled himself away, and the guests, mounted to the quarter-deck for an hour's stroll, orwhich he creates in the minds of all who come in con- tact with him is that of a self-made, independent, honest thinker.' He rises far above the politician; he is a stranger to all the intrigues which have curseding, I would not speak positively as to the direction, except that it was to the north. It was visible about 15 seconds—perhaps 20. It disappeared, about 10° above the horizon, dividing into two portions justbefore its disappearance. We heard no explosion. There was a faint aurora during the evening.adopted: ' j#-RetoVctd, TnatweTbaHwhbs^ttmwrts of lnexprewdbto setts* ty*?***?f"*aj^>CAWjCmMieoln ef jSkoUtoe t*+- dent of the United btatea, sad HsAntOsl BhwMe of Mdw im Vice-President; men of stern inUgrtty and unsouied nSSSuSk whoso devotion to the cause ot Freedom and Free I*a*ts IWfiw* people .hould endear them to s^ery fre« man and oitUoa l» t*fc» nappy country.Rfotved, That, M citizens tad electors, we r*eoa« in Abrenam Lincoln ard Bannlbel Hiur»lln the moat UnpUoit confideao* t w « therefore pledge oor»el»es to use sdl' legs! and nonorsbte meets* to seonre their election, sad jdve them a sterUDK majority in tbm once Democratic but now Republican First WardRetolvtd, That; aa ci'izeos and lovers of Freedom, we'tnvtt* dst our Mends (particularly any of them Usat may be labocmf amdsc the delusory anticipations of Democratic •access) to P S f f l B B with us and besoms members of that numerous foUornr wssUsv tbe invincible and msfnanimona jLincoIn most prostde.The Club then adjourned until next Friday evening, Aug.24.eSTRIAN RELIEF.—The Committee tot the relief efthe destitute and suffering in Syria, acknowledges thein fogs; the city looked moist and uncomfortabls, in-stead of sparkling and jubilant—its usual aspect; fiom the channel that passes around the Island of Or-The storm on Tuesday night was tolerably heavy north of the city; the,thunder was the heaviesi that has been heard this Summer in Westchester County, and the lightning was sharp and long continued. The greater part of the shower fell between 11 and 12 o'clock, washing the roads severely, and occasionally covering the rail tracks with sand and gravel. Near Paw ling's, 66 miles up the Harlem Railway, a culvert was carried away, which prevented the Dover Plains train from coming down o n time, very much to the disappointment of a good many people, for there are a good many people traveling that road this season; more, we judge from appearances, than iu any previous season, and aU of late have been so well pleased with the improved condition of things, that they should not grumble at such a little dii appointment as they met yesterday,, from the unavoidable effect of a sudden and severe storm; With the exception of the damage to roads, the ram was, highly beneficial to all the,re- gion. :.: -j;:-'.-.'.:i ;.;/:: '- ' ' . . " , ' ; : . : / 'the St. Lawrence had not a single sunbeam to leans. At first view of them the royal salute was firedfrom three points along the fortifications, and from the tain degree of public spirit had caused to be Nile and Valorous, which, under Admi al Mime, hadbrighten its waves; and the flags, which a cer-displayed, instead of fluttering bravely, as pa- in damp folds, or clung tightly to the spars which bjrereceipt of • tbe following sums: ; iWr Saw- ryer, Wallace & Co....ai00 '**0* it*- •«• • l « « * « « « t « Mpassed thus disagreeably; bat toward 3 o'clock, whenthe- squadron was first seen gliding up the rirer, theSun, as on previous occasions, made an effort, securedan opeaing through a thin cloud, .dispersed the mists,gilded the waters, glorified the city s tin roofs, and At 4 o'clock the skies were clearer, and the landtagSO For the sufiering Syriana.. Imade things quite cheerful for a time. The Princs was punctually made. The sight, from the river, ofWas, therefore, enabled to land under tolerably dry live battk-fchips, with yards manned, all pouring putcircumstances, and succeeded in getting over the flame . at each ride, and of the ci-.y'a towering walls litWILLIAM A. BOOTH. Treasurer, No. 95 Front street. The Committee have forwarded $1,500, and w i l remit per Adriatic, on Saturday; the funds received by12 o'clock noon on Friday.—COMMISSIONERS or EMIGRATION.—This Board metyesterday afternoon at Castle Garden, President Ver- plauck hi the cbair. On resolution, the Board ordered the payment of money due to the various counties «f the State of New-York for the care and support of in- digent emigrants, amounting to the sum of $6,436 76. From the weekly statement, it appears that the naatc ber of arrivals to date is 68,750. To same date lastaddressee and the streets with speed enough to escapethe return of the heavy rain. -Bat the sun's influenceWas not sufficient to keep the showers in" complete welcome of an honored guest. An actual engagement restraint, and the citizens were forced to adup, suchtneane of abetter as were most convenient. The streetsWere lined with umbrellas; and umbrellas, thoughOften ueefol, are never festive objects. It is hard, too,to be joyful in mackintoshes', and no crowd can beSportive under permanent drizzle. So the popular by a proceesion, the formation of which had been ademonstration was net exuberantly gleefal, and in this respect fell behind tuose cf Halifax and St. John.subject of much dispute, on a question of precedence between tbe English and French bishops—a question finally disponed of in a manner not satisfactory to either aide—he.proceeded through the city—which at no time manifested great excitement or.e^thueiasm—and a little distance out of town to the residence of the Governor'2rather qu'etly was far from being universal, for Quebec is eseentiaily a FrenchCorrespondence of The N. Yt Tribune.' MISSOURI, Aug. 18,1860.Being sure that the thousands of readers of THE ThiBUNK take a deep interest in what is going on in Missouri,Iproposetosayafew wordsonthepolitical state of affairs in this so peculiarly situated State. Our August election is over; Mr. Blair is reelected for the long term, and beaten by Barrett for the short, by means which people of ordinary honesty, though excited by party feeling, will forever detest., Blair acted too generously in resigning his seat, adjudged to him by aQuebec for thehad beenwailing interestshow. Theport of the market shows 5,125 head as the supply ofCOUNTERFEIT BILLS,—Jacob Nickensteia, was yesr-dty, with French traditions, French prejudices, General,where"beremainedtwonigbts,ridinginonly and French instincts throughout; and although no to attend church yeaterday. Toe cat ledral was crowd-the week, over 4,000 of which were in the sale-pens on terday arrested, charged with having passed a countee-TuesdayandWednesdayat Forty-fourthstreet. It is ftit$10billoftheCityBankofPerthAmboy,N.J. Theactive animosity appears at least to a stranger, there Is nevertheless a settled sentiment of didaffectioju wnich no efforts on the part of the British can allay. The French citizens, greatly in the majority, showed little disposition' to join in the chorus of greeting. Without anything like open exhibitions of aversion, such ased, and grtat throngs clustered about the doors and in the adjoining streets, but of course no public demonstra tion was offered. To-day the Prince takea possession of the Parliament House, which has been adapted f >r his occupation at an enormous cost and in a style of genuine splendor. Ample accommodation for at leastcampaign, every Wednesday evening. fication " meeting will soon take place.A large " rati- ,Lno wonder that the price of bullocks is low, with over 5,000 head a week, and that continuously. W e have lately' bought very good roasting-pieces of beef of a butcher who we know always kills good bullocks at ten cents a pound. We paid sixteen to eighteen cents for such pieces three years ago.Horace Greeley, J. B. Varnum, A. S. Paddock, a delegate from Nebraska to the Republican National Convention,, and other well-known friends of the Republican cause will address the Central Cam- paign Club this evening at No. 722 Broadway. As the! State ticket will be fully made up today, the meeting will be in the nature of a ratification; and from this time forth the Club will take a more active part in the campaign. The officers, to any of whom communications relating to the party may be addressed to the headquarters, are Simeon Draper, President; Francis G. Young and A. C. Hills, Secretaries; George Opdyke, Treasurer; David Dudley Field, Chairman Executive Committee.complainant, Henry Volger of No. 98 Centre street* gave the fuu amount of the face of the bill in good money for it. Juttice Brennan committed the accused to answer. James Wilson and James MoMann, for having passed a similar counterfeit upon Jacob Vsian of No. 230 Division street, were also locked up.STEAMER ADRIATIC—We are authorized to oontrevdict the report in circulation that Capt. Comsteok ofthe steamer Adriatic, i s about to resign his commaad.He will continue in charge of her while she isthosewhich recently occurred in Montreal, and whLh forty persons is supplied. Furniture and plate have'—On the 13th inst, at Mineral Point, Wis., a great were at the place, brought together without extraor-are behoved to have been much more violent than theyI Were reported, the French showed a general dispo-sition to quietly hold themselves apart from the com-mon celebration. It did not seem, however, that thepublic preparations for signalizing the event were*roch impeded on that account. As far a* decorations,been imported for the occasion, and the entire expense of the establishment, for the two days daring which it will be in use, cannot be less than a hundred thousand dollars. ;The condition of Quebec is unnatural, and by no means agreeable. The crowds are excessive. Therefines iteelf. Rollins is elected Member of Congress bythe Second District; he is not a professed Republican, dinary efforts. The Hon. C. B. Denio of Illinois andShnniaatiosa, and other external displays were con-cerned, there were profuee supplies. The city was al- is little disorderr-the French, who form the majoritySUBSCRIPTIONS TO THE POPE IN THE DIOCESE «r NEW YORK.—Tie total amount received to Aug. 2% was $51,131 0i, ot which St. Patrick's Cathedral and institutions connected with it contributed $6,880 Slf St. Francis Xavier's Church and College oontribtted $6,290 25; St. Joseph's, $3,736 94; St. Mary's, I^OOdt and 47 other churches and institutions contributed from $19 to $*,000 each. Prior to the above collectteov $2,200 had been tent by the Redemptorist Fathers of the Church of the Holy Redeemer.»pf the population being always quiet and well dis-posed—except in the hotels, which have became quite -cf evergreen, which overhung every tnoronghfare, unmanageable. The proprieto: 8 confine themselves tomost aa universally bedecked as Halifax had been, al-though with less taste, for the otherwise elegant archesWere disfigured by cheap picture* of tbe Eojal family, inscriptions forcible in color and feeble in «ense, glaring blotches of paint signifying nothing, and reducing everything to the most tawdry effect in the world.'The waSs of almost all the hou es were plastered over in the some, ridiculous way. Two days before the jprince arrived, the city was as fxe»h and comely asone idea, which they develope in the following man- ner: The stranger,.seeking the ease of his inn, and prepared to answer just demands, is permitted to settle himself serenely in his apartment, or his eighth of an apartment, which, id more common, and is then as- tonished by the vision of a huge placard, usually thrustunderthedoor,announcingthatinthepresentcir- cumstances, the charge for board and lodging mast beW e shall increaseouralwaysrespectable ,maj -rity;,'W.)4 . mi•<\tAN APPEAL FOR THE STRIPED JACKETS.—Twelvehundred poor fellows, on whom has fallen the State'suniform of striped trowsers and jackets, are no v en- At 10 o'clock on Wednesday morning a fire brokeone of its own pretty daughters. When he landed, it four dollars daily for each person. Tnis is consideredprison *at Sing.Sing. The larger part of these are extinguished^ with a few pails of water. Loss about .ieventful voyage, although a very agreeable one. police efficiiiicy, roving bands of expert robbers reapthan many a man's that never was seen inside a State'sSO, GIVE US FOR PRESIDENT LINCOLN IN PREFERENCE prison. Their crimes, in a great majority of instances, shafting. The shaft was revolving with great velocity, ssuLMinor excitements were aflbrded b a variety of ways.The Bern, with the Prince on board, ran aground they carry on their little practices with a dexteritydrawing the unfortunate youth over, threw him on the door srfsn great, force. The machinery was immediately .topped, and Mbe- b^iy released; bat he was so seriously injured that death •surasA; shortly after. Coroner Schirmer bold an lnque«t on the body, when a verdict ef " accidental death " was rendered.ARREST GF A RECEIVER OF STOLEN GOODS.—OfSesr Flack on Tuesday arrested an Irish woman named Sarah Wazd, who keeps a shop at No. 51 Baxter street, on a obarge of having knowingly purchased goods which had been stolen. The ooav- pltdnant is Frederick Wetzel, of No. 8 James street~.wb.ose hotuw was recently broken Into and robbed of $100 worth of otothlogL gusp«-otliig that Sarah had tbe articles, he called uponbsr, astst after frightening her serionslv, obtained a glimpse of one or tww ooats bemginx to bim which the lady acknowledged having bought from a Chief named George Conklln, now in the Tomb*. Sarah was locked upto answer by Justice Welsh.msquadron to dine with him, and thereby, no doubt, in Quebec The crowds that yesterday groped abouttaken: ." The Acting-Governor having placed the ExecutiveChamber, on tbe second floor of the Sfate-House, at -Mr. Lincoln's disposal, the friends and strangers, who wish an interview, have no trouole in finding the Republican candidate at home. I had two opportuni- ties of gratifying my desire in this direction, and on both occasions the satisfaction of the visit was com-connected with the- missionary movement at the time, and was observed to falter,,t*>en to grow weak and faint, and almost immediately fell dead. Mr. Howard was for many years a member of the well-known firm of Chandler, Howard & Co., commission merchants) on Central Wharf, bat of late years, until within a re- cent period, has been in business at No. 209 StatesAA&L to bia popularity, which is certainly very great in all the ships. The stories of his association with ; he junior officers prove tbij. The night before the second ascension of the Saguenay, on turning in at, or |>oeeibry a little after, midnignt, he was cnalleoged to be up and on deck »t the endof the middle watch.;dL bet of a sovereign was ventured. The Prince would win it, at any haz*rd-eve» that of repudiating bis berth altogether. This, however, was not needed. 3BUa friends would look to his interests, do, jast be-Jore 4 o'clock, the summons came to him. S<eep wasHighness that I have yet been called upon to repor v; wager hac to bo averted. In some malicious way although it is possible that greater strength of mind>.'. J. E.STAFFORD'S-dear at that moment, but the disgrace of forfeiting thethe eame day he received addresses at Charlottetown, held a levy, drove out in plain clothes, went out shoot-by a merry gathering on board the Hero. The scene,narratives of the Prince's actions as I find liberally Lincoln's residence. The lady, turning round at thescattered among the provincial newspapers, and salutation, pointed out the house, and, with a singular—The race of giants is neither extinct nor confined caHe- THEODORE TILTON. to the tents of the showmen.. One of the sous of Anak,Mr. Frederick Decker, of Osai*n, Livingston County, POLICE COMMISSIONERS.—At the meeting of .this N. Y., called at this office on Wednesday, and paid his Board yesterday patrolman MoCarty of the ponderous respects. Only Id years of age, he is seven Twenty-First Ward was dismissed from the feet high and weighs three hundred pounds. It. will department on charge of being found asleepmonioua cooxntions. Grouped together on the main deck, the Prince and his par .y, Officers from other ships, and visitors from the halls of Canadian Government,amoked aud sang and Irolkked in a manner calcula'ed te oak* dispel those doubt*, which everybody knows have aVways existed, as to the capacity of gentlemenStates; but I am unfortunately trammeled bythe odious there!" I could not but be impressed with this un- necessity of adhering to facts, which interferes ma- studied revelation of the true republican simplicity of terially with the sprightliness of my record. I assure Mr. Lincoln's character, and of the neighborly cordial-you that I have it in my power to produce, on the full authority of an inventive fancy, or to repeat, on the somewhat less trustworthy strength of numerous ele-upon his post A resolution was adopted proportionate person. Pursuing his regular calling, directing the Supeiintendant to report whether Captainsuperior years, who were insubordinate to the! extentlor an hoar or so, during allthe landings andreceptions. turned to their quarters, singing lightly as they dis- were not illuminated. The residence of the Provin-elements of statesmanship, and, in the highest and noblest sense, he is a man.cial Secretary was thus singled out for attack, and suffered damage to the moderate extent of three frac- tured window-panes. This incident was yesterdaymag nified into such alarming proportions that people became really excited over it, and even ventured the ocoa- eional suggestion that something ought to be done. But as nothing further was proposed, the sensation grew more subdued, and finally, toward evening, nickered out.A matter of real importance in the eyes of' the peo- arrived a day or two before. The opposite bights sent ple here, in authority, is the Royal party's continued triotic and loyal flags should do, drooped languidly back answering salutes. In spite of the r&in, the cita residence at the house of the Governor General, and del and the hi.Is around were soon covered with long his forgetfolnees of the splendors and brilliancies that them. The morning and a part of the afternoon hxee of siectatos. The . sbips-of-war advanced, at- await him at the Parliament House. It now appearsAt Halifax, at St. John, at Fredericton, Charlotte-town, and at Quebec, it has been the same Last Satur-day, wjbiefa. should have been the fairest day of theseason, broke as dismal as the prospects of the Demo-cratic party. The bights around Quebec were swathedappeared on all sides-—. " Jaaaaia, jamais' J e no tfoubleraL"' The ships remained at anchor a few miles below the' city nn II the afternoon of Saturday, when they re- sumed their course, and presently appeared emerging'•.->•'.; •••,. !• ;,, •»..•••• ' ,.:•.:'.;f .-: ,,;..v;; ..,^.;-V'• :-V. '.'•,•.'. D.D.T.MCL.tended by a brisk fleet of river steamboats, whichthat he will pass only two days, at most, aosong theseimported and imperial glories, which is consideredto indicate rather an unreasonable disregard of thetroubles and expenses that have been taken. Nothiagremonetjative, however, is said on this point. On thecontrary, in every reference to the Prince's personalproceedings, the utmost good will is expressed; and ineverything that directly concerns him, the same en-thusiasm is displayed by all people, from the smalt boyin the streets, who Bells "his .Highness in a glass bot-tle," for ten cents, to the eminent dignitaries, or theno less distinguished belles, who are nowbosily bring-ing to perfection their little schemes for securing theKoyal hand for a briefportion of this evening's enter- S.White, Henry M. Bull. More than two hundred»««•««<•«flourished around them incessantly.to ancHor, the water was thick with small boats of every description, all darting about in various courses, with the hope of getting an early view of the visitors.'.....50 50 80II« * «* *•* sP<W ........»,«»up wi h a ceaseless blaze, was very g-avid. One could easily fancy it a very different affair from the peaceful—On the evening of the 20th a large and enthusiastic meeting of Republicans was held in the open air at Bethlehem, Pa. It was addressed by Col. Cartin, P.could not be more startling or aetonishiog in effect.'BULL'S HEAD.—There was no improvement yester-dsy in the beef-cattle market, upon the condition ofthings as noted under this head yesterday. In fact, itwas generally considered worse for owners of cattlethan it was upon the opening day, and it was only bya good deal of exertion, iu fact by forcing sales, thatthe brokers .were able to close out all the etock before year, 51,440. Total receipts, $190,188 77. Disburse- night. Indeed, late, in the afternoon, there were sev- ments, $171 536 07. Balance in bank, $18,652 0T. The eral hundred bullocks still in the sale-pens. The re- Board then adjourned.The Prince was met by the municipal authorities on sfwbarf elaborately prepared for that purpose, where heliitenedto and answered the addresses. Accompaniedtainment.Wide-Awakes and six hundred others were there from Allentown. The Democracy are much shaken by this and similar demonstrations daily occurring in Pennsyl- vania. *—The Republicans of Greeiiport, Suffolk Co., L. I., have formed a Republican Club, of which the foil wing, are the officers: President, Hon. D. G. Floyd; 1st Vice-President, Jeremiah Moore; 2d Vice President, Dr. E. D. Skinner; Recording Secretary, William Whitmore; Corresponding Secretary, J. J. RiddelL A Vigilance Committee of ten has for its Chairman John Litchard; for Secretary, Dr. E. D. Skinner..Meetings are held.in a spacious room, engaged for thebountiful harvests. In bote s, in streets, and in churches,»o DOUGLAS OR BELL* We dislike an enemy,'but These is, however, one advantage in raising the despise a traitor.'"have grown outof an over glass^of wine rather than any cool forethought of knavery. But now that the criminals are safely housed against further opportuni- ties of wrong-doiog, their human feelings need to be met with human sympathies; their minds need to re-When they cameHBW-YORK. DAILY TRD3UNE, THURSDAY. AUGUST 23, 1860. Lteam of coal lie the wMCtiaT power of a« f avmago atreugtb foT tibe eiwaga »«Hod ef Va»«a pate ia human and natural enjoyment. At the close, | foe my eye, the most erirring and delightful Prhicely brown,, stands upon a plateau elevated three or foarattention largely. He. undoubtedly attracted more with incoordination and disobedience ef orders w s iUfc wonld have «na <W yoa to do. Gtve as a Unfit inV very earnest Canadian song, of emphatic accent (which has no eand-baflfce), and, being surrounded by ride ef the property. A back-building joins the main —It is said that MissWarner, author of "The Wide, been given h«m.with large titles and severe responsibilities to partici- gantly written paragraphs which pass continoally be«fe. Y « t prond man; three tana of coal apphe* to •feet above the sidewalk. On a-brickfonndation wall,tteateam engine, strife*** many hard Wewa, or Kft. a minister high iu Provincial fame, impelled solely by • anecdotesto be ;i&a^ea'- I S q ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ t f ^ M ^ i e ; rising to the level of the garden, is;aTneatnj>aled fence, iGiant, even in old Tammany; He was at »o time hams rofrrned Wm that Cantain Seaman wa- abas* •emany dead weights, as the derotioit^f yoor wn^te meiodioue instinct, stepped to the center, and broke out grouided himself on a sand-bank in the Saguenay, with handsome square, posts, inclosing the front and btfaayedmteniaking a speech; *' ««:— from the Station House for several days} no leave batthas adjnHfd. that abaJl yield bat revenue enoagh. toBapport the fiovernroent with tbe severest ex> locay, andtenrer purport. A circle encompassed Mr. Car- the rising waters, was compelled to utter piercing criesnndevery interest in the land will feel it* vivifying ia- tier, and listened approvingly. The chorus was found, for aid, which were, after the proper interval, answered-d fice, and in the rear there ia a large garden. There \ Sergeant Brooks testified to the caVafai's a b e S i r ^ is no sign of pretension anywhere visible. The build- Wide World," has recently bought Warner's Island, (absence admitted) defendant's f*muy cdled te sennQence. Yoa, men of Miuaoori, wdlsmolt, aao forgi, to be attainable with little effort—a chorus, oue mightand faabioo voor iron tor the asss of tee wh >le No th- say, that fitted to perfection at the first trying on. Weet and tibe sonny South. Yonr looms and spi .dies Now a few voices chimed iu, the Prince's leading.wfll wea.*e the ootton and dotbo the peopleof the g^eatKortn-Weet. Free trade, prosperous free trade, will Then others', maturer, the Duke's, beyond a doabt, 4^^*&F*J!" j M « y «>«*> sovereignties of the among them. Afterward others', not less dhtiact, andIt ZJtjm, sndthe ties of commerce wUl strengthen those finally everybody's, the contagion leaving none uncon- cfVlood and nationality—common interests mil cement cerned. As each verse ended, the refrain cams dearly the Union-^nd instead of mattering secessioa and dls-tmion, the onrvere-a heart of the nation will proclaim out, all that could turn a tune, and some, perhaps, that the American Constttntzon as the fit canopy of a ooa- could hot, uniting with determined ardor, and sendingby a etoatHBhomldered Caoadian who bore the royalguest in pick-a-back ease over any conceivable dis-tance to a place of safety, f could transmit other andkindred relations of daring or diverting episodes, suchas abound h u e , and, no doubt, elsewhere, -with equaleare, I might even entertain you with a wild absurd-ity or two, suoh as that the Prince, when dancing, in-sults his partner by proffering her his left hand only;for these, too, circulate freely, and, I find, are dulycredited. But as I peer into, the regions of gorgeousimagination, where so many arenow wandering beforeme, I find that, with all their loveliness, there is some-thing devious about tbem which unaccustomed travel-ers may just as well avoid. So I must aver, a t therisk of being still very prosy and cooom mplace, thatthe Prince has thus far been always quite as rationalSergeant Williams also testified to the absencs ef Captam Seaman.Captain Seaman being sworn, said he was uuweS ett Friday; bis wife told him she was going to Trey, ami he supposed she bad gone; went up to town andotaaft, with a friend until Monday, (declined to give the nana of tbe person be staid with); had a physician.Dr.Johnsontestifiedthathetfri*odCaotainSeaway and found him sick in bed, and unable to gef eat. Affidavits from Captain Seaman and Dr. Johnson wesa also presented, te&diog to show that sickness alone was the cacse of the accused's absence.The case was then dosed. Decision reserved.FIRST W A R » WIDK-A W AXXS.—At a meeting of tie machine. So, passing over New-York, he says: " I First Wa^d Wide-Awake Club, held at their head-forth to the waves, which sang their own gentle song, this single declaration—4TSE VISIT OF THE PRINCE OF WALES. audit did seem extremely probable that no one thereIsland lies in the middle of the Hudson, between West Point and Cold Spring, and is one of the most attrac- tive features of that river.''\-'^An'^ihtrenid aeronaut" proposes to go to Europe in his balloon, or rather in a pair of them, for he seems tohaveanideaofsendinghimselfabroadintwopar- cels. Many people have proposed a somewhat similar trip, bnt thiB man really means to go. He has writtetta letter to The Boston Transcript, clearly with the thought' of paying a compliment, in which he states thatneither Pittsburg not Alleghany City, to wns iu(Mtheclo^three hearty cheer were given by the paaeaso sesembli for the s weaker. Jodge Keltey]."Jamais, jamais J«ae t'ouolarol"—-Pennsylvania, can furnish ga* enough to inflate hisjust verdict. Generosity is ill applied under the cir-cumstances in which the Liberal party in Missouri still Republican meeting occurred. T wo thousand personsbut nearly related to our party, and will be a zealoas, supporter of Mr. Lincoln's Administration. Toe Douglas man (the famous author of the Jackson Seces- sion resolutions), having in time changed his colors, is elected Governor. The Breckinridge and Bell tickets made a pretty good show. The Republican ticket was freely voted for in all sections of the State. Ins>me few precincts Republican votes were refused " because there was no place for them on the poll-books." jtn.some localities the. Republican vote was only that of the Germans, the American FreerSoilers preferring for this time to sustain the Bell ticker- This will be otoer- wise hereafter. There are thousands of former Free-: So 1Whigs abd Benton Democrats, now forming.tha Oppoeit on party, who, after the explosion of tue B<J11- Evtrett maneuver, will see no other course left but to•frankly join us. >.The whole Douglas movement in our State, pradom-inant for the moment, is owing to the exertions and in- fluence of The Missouri Republican, foe—except, par- baps, those who are prevailed upon to vote for Dodglis because bis wife is a good Catholic—a majority of our Douglasites in JBitsoun are are not in favor of the non- interference swindle, or of a moderate »lave po wer, but wfcitt a full one, in the seose of Calhuun and the South- ern platform. . They ought to go for Breckinridge with a vengeance.Gov. Randall addressed the crowd, and a brilliant dis- play of Wide-Awakes was made.—-A correspondent in.Middletown, N. Y., writes asfollows:-, • -.,: •'•••/, •"'! " A Wide-Awake Club has been organized, with the-Hon. E. M. Madden, President; Peter Hood,' Secre- tary, and Corrydon T. King, Captain. It numbers about 100 -working men in its ranks. Germans and Americans are enrolling themselves under the Lincoln and Hamlin banner, notwithstanding the efforts of the Democracy and the Bell:Eyerett leaders at coalition. The Republican Club has inaugurated a series of public meetings, at which some of the most noted orators in the country will be in attendance to address them.ployed in the trade.. 'i•included. The Ariadne was detained a wuile by a man lout $2,000 yestejday, at church, and returnedtroublesome bE of machinery, which got hot, and home in a frame of mind as far from devotional as present regime, and set forth tue L.ttle Giant as the gates to the State Convention. Tne following resolu- ceive culture like other men's minds; their hearts needmelted, and was repaired so speedily that all the mis- chief was taken out of i • before anbody kne w the dif-could be conceived.Saturday evening blinded the eyes of many to the ne- cessity for pecuniary caution, with the most unpleasantone fitanu deetined to restore a pure and honest Gov- ernment (privately they neither expect nor wish that he should do any batter than his predecessors of the eame dynasty). Tnue are the masses deluded by the cunning. ',••'',Beside the immigrants from Germany, it is the recent immigration from the Free States that swelled .the Re- publican vove even beyODd our anticipation. However, w e w i t poll one-third more votes at the November election, since also tbe cautious and timid portion have seen that the Republican party is now firmly estahlisaed and rightfuiy existing throughout our whole State, and that true manliness is able to fight its way, even in thetions weie unanimously adopted:Reaolved, It is. the duty of every Republican to watch, vrtth a jealous e j e those individual a elevated to responsible offices by t&e • nijdeiio and support of the paity; and that it is tbe d»ty of tfuch officers to act so as to avoid all appearance of evil —more especially stun d legislators, the framem of our laws and/theguardians of car pioperty, be and'ACT above all suspicion. '••• I BetUvcd, W e thelefore moat heartily inlorse and approve of the vetoes, by our present Governor, of oil those nefarious bills,having for their object the plunder of the Public Treasa<yand the city of New iork; ana we earnestly desie <>ur Delegates tu the State Convention to use their utcooat eudeavors to procure his rei omioation, be ng well as«ured that our conntHneacs w uid buppoit him with earnest enthusiasm- In troth, we demand the p ivilege of voting once more lor so efficient and honorable an officer. , '• • '' .'"•'•'.iUtolved, That we review, with tie deepest chagria and cen- sure, the course of the lo*t Legislature of this State, iu its obati- n.teMetennirmiion to pass thos» bills over the vetoes and l n s p l e of the overwnelming proof of their "deep damuattoa," given into be touched like other human hearts.If any person would like to' do thema kindness; thereis'now an opportunity. The poor fellows spend their week days under'the eyes of their taskmasters, indus-triously at work in a quarry, factory, or furnace.eve; y man has only a stipulated amount of work to do, which when he has done, his whole day's work is done; and he ia allowed the remaining hours of day- light (if there be any) for his own leisure. Many of these intelligent men become so skilful at their trades that they win for themselves two or three hours of spare time every afternoon, which they are eager to spend over the pages of some attractive book, fitted toference.character.the Bay of Gaspe. and went to him in a body, and hadthemselves then and there presented. A sheriff came out from a fishing village, and asked too privilege of the Prince's name, which his townsmen were anxious to apply to their port. The Sagusnay—river of eter- nal desolation, after passing wnich one migut approach the Styx without a dread—was visited, the Prince as- cending twice on successive days, in a small steam coat. Everybody fished for salmon, and' nobody' caught any. A trout or two, however, consented to be hooked. There was a- general avoid- ance of formali y, which made all people happy. The party t;ok a personal pa idle 3n birch canoes. A Mr. George Macbeth came down from the town of London with a proposition to murder sleep in an innocent and modern way by means of a -grand mMnight ball, to be given at that place. The Prince accepted Mr. Macbeth's invitation wit a Daocan- like readiness. . Then there were informal amuse- ments again. The Prince had the " youngsters" of theThe weather grows steadily worse, and public Border-Ruffian districts.Que thirgia certain; if we shall gain henceforth iurejoicings are out of the question. The streets are the came proportion as we did in the last four years, theA COLORED BURGLAR.—John K. Jay, a coloredman, was arrested by Detectives Dosenburr and Seaee, ohar^sd I! with having broken into the house of Engine Co No. is, 1stEichty-second street, mar Third avenue, in January last andetolen from thence a large amount of clothing belonging t s va-rious members of tho Company. Jay was sospooied at tic timeof the robbery, bat M he (led to Chioago be was only secured oathis return to this city. B« is also suspected of aavlng. reoeaUyoommlUed a forgery, and it is said a complaint will be madeagainst him f#r that offense* He wts locked np IM examlnitt—The dazzling illuminations ofIt is observed tbat losers to large extents atButthe thoroughfares were so dreary to look upon that each sympathetic heart was touched with emotion, and promptly volunteered the mournful but appropriate tribute cf a sigh.The Prince took a morning ride in the rain, to fne Cbandiere Falls, about nine miles from the city, andis rumored to have enjoyed it. It was precisely the turbed, except by. a friendly recognition, or a cordial sort of day upon which a party of roving Tapleys greeting of the hand Few men cou'd be mope popularat home than he. for his whole fife has been an un- selves jolly under the moot creditable circum- swerving record of fidelity to principle. His charac-suggestive event.!, ^to Abraham B«al the well-kno'wn agent of the PrisonAssociation, at No. 15 Center Street, New-York, or towould have set out with the prospect of making them-—It is related as an instanca of the strength and the writer at the office of The Independent, No. 5.stances. This is the most heroic achievement of hister as a man*, his eloquence as an advocate, and his. vigor of the Prince of Wales's constitution, that duringBeekman street'? For any suitable books—including, for instance, history, biography^ elementary science,may have been needed to resist the saddening influenceswhich-thesight of his pleasant countenance, as tra-vestied in some of the Canadian newspapers, musthave thrown over him. I am greatly troubledat beingunable to communicate such thrilling and seductivereligious works—the giver wJU recrive the thanks of hundreds of solitary men to whom a book is the only visitor, except the jailor, that is allowed to enter theirhis clothes had been tampered with, and his stockings -evadedallsearch. Batwithoutstockings,and,onthe Whole, imperjfoctlyclad, the Prince found bis way up fa the dark, andjust won his sovereign by sUppiog ondeck exactly at the moment that eignt beQ» struck.The last night upon the St. Lawrence was celebratedtoward * o'clock, was utterly void of stately or cere •sprinkled here and there in the journals of the United naivete oi expression, and with old-fashioned hospital- ity, said, "Won't you walk in? you'll be welcometion, the squandering of the people's money uuder thedeep with mud, the decorations are drenched and di- day of deliveiance is not far; and surely we shall not' the messages of the Governor. The suspicion of corruption and' beguile the weariness of their imprisonment. But the bribery mu.t hang U the skirts of all publio officers who thusmI [Advertisement]J. K. ST AFFORD'S 9LXVE TJOUWHBW Our* TAKIS nrsAUts, iu healing balsam!©odors are brought in direct contact with tbe unug mews-branesof the *sThroat, Brvnehial Tubf, and all tk* Jir-CMU */ Out mLuna*- .. ,. ReHeving at once any pain or oppression, and healing anyirritation or inflammation.W H U I O u r a T A X H TJJOW VTOV BOOAM, tt focnM a sunequaled soothing and heeling sirup for coughs and aa. throat diseases. EWHKN OUVS Sax IS ATTUMV, its magnetic erated ouradve powers nnder it a most speedy and efflotosj*PAIW AmxiKiutTOH.Ottsv Tar 4* not tticky—do** not di+oolor.Fifty Cents * bottle, at No. 443 Broadway, New-Tock. and by all Draggista.•relax in OUT exertions. Give us the noble rail-epli'ter for President, and Mr. Schurtz's words will be veri- is extinguished. The absence of the Prince yesterday, fied: '•" Missouri led the van, andthenation followed."de&iuUy «egl ct to show a decent respe.it for the opinions of mankind, by outraging all semblance of justice and right.library of the Prison contains hardly books enough to furnish ah ordinary Sunday-school; and these" are dingy volumes that have gone therounds of the Prison, out from one-cell into another, until the board covers of some of them are worn thin by hard use. Two-sheveled, the atmosphere is thick{and all enthusiasmmoreover, deprived the more resolute citizens of their opportunity for special demonstration, s? that the slow hours drugged themselves alo»g one after the other in the most nneveniful manner. Tnere is no. sight more piteous than that of a vast multitude, gathered together with cheerful intent, gradually forced to relinquish every hope of mirth, and yielding itself, step by step, to utter desolation. This is precisely the state of thingsF AR WEST. A VISIT TO LINCOLN.PERSONAL. m•A correspondent of The Philadelphia North, Ameri-can has visited Springfield, JQL, and writes from thatplace a letter, from which the following passages are chapel of Trinity Church. He was reading a papersomething new to read. Many of the young men— who never felt the need of books before they knew what it was to pass the long,solitary Sunday afternoons in the unbroken lonelinest of their cells—now look forward to Sunday as the dreariest day of all the week—for which they would rather exchange the stone quarry or the iron-foundry. 1Ought not a book be given to every man who is wflliog to read ?Now, if the reader of theee lines has any books onhis shelveBwhich he can afford to spare for the pisoners,plete. Thus far, the American mania for torturing street, under the title of B.Howard & Co. He was disipguiBhtd people has not invaded Springfield,.andMr. Lincoln enjoys a gratifying degree of peace,moving every day about amoncbis neighbors, undis-IRON AND SULPHUR POWDERSAre a soluble preparation of iron and sulphur, idassttoel with that existing in the blood of a perfectly healthyfooc- •on. Uniting with the digested food,Tsjrr RsvrrAUXR Aim Pcxirc Tan Btoon, TUXT 1X?AKT EsncxoT TO TUX NKXTOUS SI THBTX IKVIOOKATH TUX L r v s x ,TUBT STKXtf ttTKXS TXX DlOXsTXOV, •.TKBX RBOUXJLTX TUB SacaarioNi or m BOOT, Aim Aax A 8raciine i*oa AXX FBXAIJS WJFaxon aX A FACKAMK, .At No. 442 Broadway, New-York, and all Druggists,A PAXPHLKT, containing Testimonial* from the follow, lng arid many other well known prominent persons, will be sent to any address,/res bymait: . .Gxo. LAW, e*q.,'&th>av., Near-York.SiMxoN »KAI'KH, e»q , Banker, New-York. THUIUOW Wxxn, esq., Albany,N. Y.Gen. Durr Gxxxzr, Washington, D. CCoL SAMUM. COLT, Hartford, Conn.Col. CUAH. M A T , U. 3. A.Rev. Jos SUA LXAVITT, Ed. Zndependeat, New-York. Rev. KJ>WAXJ> BHIUMT, Ed. Examiner, New- Vork. Rev. D. W. Cxowx, Agt., Am. Bible Union, N. Y. Rev. O. F. A. Srxjonwo, Butternuts, N. Y. 'Rev. Dr. LxoKxxn, Exeter, N. H.ity whioh that character has naturally evoked. TheSquires and Sergeant Laffliu at the Eleventh Precinct^r °P«tfy interfered at tbe late Repubflcan primaries.Previous to tbe meeting of the Board the case of Capt.Seaman, late of the Fourth Wardy who if ttutrgedV ••:.. : :. ; .-.. ,'fW;*^:•>«&"i ie&i 'vi MM'*$#mm„ . • •that of a lumberman, he fells large trees and earns bis frame house, on the corner of Eighth and Edward bread by the sweat of a massive brow. He came herehome of Mr. Lincoln is a simple t•vo-storied, double streets, a half-dozea squares from the railroad depot.to see the city, and the city appeared] to reciprocate theUntitled DocumentTbe dwelling, which wears a Quaker tint of ligh-quarters, Battery Hotel, on Tuesday evening, J . JL Gardener in the chair, the first business was the ad- mission of seventeen new members.It was then moved and seconded that the Club ge into an election tor six lieutenants, which was oaay ried,andthefollowingpersons*were elected rogalarijrof every kind asany that the moBt decorous annals of justice, he replied, with a humorous smile: " It is im-jroyalty can present.' -::,. ,-.-^>->j possible to «et mygraceful motionsin—that's the reason Riding with friends on Sharon Mountain,,I observed ?<«?h^I4«rt«naxiL Frederick Oflbert; Second, TlmaM fW-as could be expected of acy vivacious,and light spiritedyoung gentleman; and that his American career has! prints has been made a distressing feature, is full ofcharacter and expression. Happeifl^fto ask Mr. Lin- been as innocent of adventurous or startling behavior coln how it was that none of the artists had done himiAMETEOR.wiih. a familiarity which only close; observation of—A meeting of the Fifth Assembly District Lincoln and Hamlin Campaign Club w a s held at their head- quarters, Metropoli an Hall, No. 178 Prince street, on Tuesday evening last, the President, William F. T. Chapman, in the chair, and notwithstanding that the rain fell in torrents the meeting was numeroaaly attended. After the transaction of such business as is usual at the regular meeting on every Tuesday; even- ing, Mr. Conover addressed the meeting, stating that he had been traveling throughout the State, and gave it as his ojinion that it was certain by a large majority for, Lincoln axtd Hamlin. Sapervisor S. B. Datcher next addressed the meeting upon the falsity of the sor called Democratic party to all its pledges of honesty, the untruthfulness of its very name, and claiming that the Republican party was truly the democratic party of the country. Charles G. Waite of. Illinois next ad- dressed the meeting, assuring them that Illinois was safe by a large majority, and concluded by relating many anecdotes of ''Honest Old Abe," with whom ha w personally acquainted. The meeting then adjourned amid great enthusiasm for the cause.CITY ITEMS..1..^A1„ th,'. UV.T1 »largely this FalL—The New-Orleans Bulletin describes a strange pamphlet which.is in general circulation in Louisiana:"It has a representation of a rooster at the right and the American eagle at the left side of the head, with the words, 'B.'s Southern Platform.' From the body of this circular w e quote the following: ' W e do be- lieve and know that every vote given to Stephen Ar- nold Dcuglas, or John bvill, or. Edward Everett, goes directly or indirectly to Strengthen the cauie of Abo-out in the captain's cabin of the schooner Helea. of camped within the stone. walls and iron doors of the Brookbaven, lying at Pier No. 10, East River. It waslitionism. We fear not an open and avowed enemy——Benj. Howard, esq., a well-known merchant inBoston, died on Tuesday forenoon suddenly in the thirds of the .convicts are hungering and thirsting forabout sixty years of age, and enjoyed the esteem of alf will he take the trouble, to send them to the venerablewho knew Mm. His wife and daughter were presentin the chapel at the time, and witnessed the solemn and Father Luckey, chaplain in the Prison at Sing Sing, orsocial, frank manners, have endeared him to all whoknow him. Whatever difference of political opinionmay exist at SpriDgfield, there is no one of Mr. Lin-coln's fellow-citizens who does not honor him as a man ing, rodeagain, took a swim in the salt water, dined the better class of fiction,, and practical, uhsectarianand est* em him as a friend. I found this testimony universallyborne by all classesof whomIinquired. As 1 was rambling around Springfield in the vicinity pf Mr. Lincoln's home, I aceosed a good-natured looking lady, surrounded with a bevy o f children, and plack- ing flowers in a garden close by. I inquired for Mr.with a large party, went to a ball in the evening, and dancedwithgreatspirituntil3o'clockinthemorning.be clear, from this statement, that he is a stalwart and. QMKD ton A P A K M U T .[AdTsatMenaent-i GURNEY'S GALLERY. «o,70tatea4w«y.-^.fc-'JA—• ''..., . . .asUMT..il^v^-^.lin Y>,-'.•'',r^'^.<vjT^WvV??>. J "-'-'' .•".'"'iSB^ii^ito^^MS^^^Mattention than would have been accorded to the Little tried before Messrs. Acton aod Bergen.Superintendent Kennedy testified that gorge*** W * .CorrespondenceofTheN.Y.Tribune. ,..•;'. SHAKOK, Conn., Aug. 6, 18$,' by ballot!• .A • XV• XVI • * • • • • # • • * • • • • > • • • H. M. achl*ff«linJ. S. SchieffelinS. A. Schi. flehnM.C. O.Wbitte E, Delafield, M.DFrevioutly reported.J ' n* • COA~ R. W©tmoro.tfoot of Twenty-fourto street to get a hatchet ground. While * N cf the workmen was engaged upon it, Rawson strayed iosst another part of the building, where he got caught in some of the.•• .•:-.' • •>'.•••-.••'. - . . . . :> •.; y?%&tiMT otal. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com./•V**'J*'-Ufp... 