 fy\roQowt —Conaeot.ct, Massachusetts, Tsaasj frails, .Jtec'Mi $C<3iS'-l l«rmw 303.7.1tA$m.lin.. at 1 Itevea. o'clock Acjwrned.^._* . - W * - * * ^ •'•li**- «Wi%i*-ir%»W *»•*<•«*#-»I'olVe a«,mis~Bh«a>m'aaJudisitoaaaf toma held ajra Jddge ei the t*..petfor•Chart, that .though the peace of the jetty should be tfif caMned-hy riot~tbe Istayor cotfld act toadHtrpervlsoTe! but speak only of &» .system, and the eviltendencies wbich naturally flow m e n tt» lit my Jndg-roent nvechot this rxtravaaaace and fax govervmeot toJustly ctorgtebtom these Commissions or Boasts, and tnesooner tbey are all abolished the better The mo»» dangerm*, however, of all is (seeItopervisora. The f*e**»should bave their attention citecte* to this subject beforean tocubu* in fastened upon them, from which it will be J. C. BurBhaan, Marshal, (vice f a H. Stephens)., l.tasjanies,shouldnotbeappliedtofireinsurancecompanies.List of TJfh Insurance Companies of this State, with a statement of the amount rf securities deupsited by. th^m r««T-rc*v«-iy-*«a>*•«-«v»upiHMi!?v,asrequlreTToychapter95oftheLawsof1351,and chapter*63ofthe Lawsof 1853 —Knickerbocker Life Insurance Co.,New York... .»100,000wicked fun was poked at the poor fellow, but be boreIt »n together with sundry hard knocks and pushes, in the very best bumor.Buttoreturntoourmuttin,orratherourskating. Of coarsethetamousred,ball washighuptntheairysster day. and of course thousands of men and women, b »ya and girls, high aud low, rich and poor, wro on the. sk.u ing pond, rushing, dashtfrg, sliding, tumbling and (Liu? ineverydirection. ItwasaregularBrotborJonathan,Mr.HatehthenthankedthosewhowerepresentforManhattan Life Insurance Co., New York MutualLifeJtosuranceCo.,NewYork NewYorklifeInsuranceOn,NewYorkNew York life Ins and trtwt Co., New Y ork.... 100,000 United States Life Insurance Co., New York 178.000The following life insurance companies have been o r - ganised, and eepostted the security required b y law with the Comptroller, during the year :—Guardian life Insurance Co., New York cityEquitable do. do. do. do List o f life insurance companies o f otherihe Vn sident announced that Davi 1 T. Valentine was duly elect*dClerkoftheBoardofAldermonforthe thirtoeiith time.Patrick Gallagher wa3 then re-elected Sergeant at anas by acclamation.Treasury in gro&£ without rendering to rotarn vouchers or a detailed account o f its expenditure. It transacts its ownbusinessInItsownwsy,withoutbeingliabletoany otherauthority. Ifthereb*noabusesundersuchasjs- tem, the people have been more fortunate in electing lis educational officers than they are generally in the choiceof other public servants. THECROTOX.cur or not. I do not know; but rest assured that sooner or later the people will, with one voice, demand t h e estab lkhmei.tofthe"onemanpower,"andtheerectionofa etrocgconsolidatedexecutive governmentoverthemuni- cipal anarchy andrumto which we are now BO speedily tending. FKRVANDO WOOD.On motion o f Aldermen GE.TET, o n e thousand copies wereorderedtobeprinted,andtheBoardadjournedto Monday next, at five o'clock P.M.The following a r e t h e names o f the members o f the Board of Aldcrmeu for lbfiO:—idea or appearing to a council when be saw such aa evi- dent intention among the various churches to shirk their responsibility to thematter. Hehenceforth renouncedbe sostyled orthodoxCongregationalism. He ainrired and believed firmly in the doctrines of the Congregational church, but however beaotiful the theory of that chufch was, b e pronounced Its practice a humbug The church*badfineprinciples,butitsmemberswerenatguidedby thf-m Finally be would expose by incontrovertible proofs in his possession the hypocrisy and corruption ofhat cburcb, and concluded with again thanking those present for attending.Mr. Hatch expressed the opinion that a determination to evince d to shirk action ir/bii case b y the delegates ne- glectirg to be present; hence the difficulty to has expe- rieucd in endeavoring to obtain s council."Weekly Report of DeathsIn the city and county of hew Yor<, from the 24th day of December to the 31st day of December, 1853.Men, 68; women, 59; boys, 12ft; gins, 07 Total, 849. Adults, 12; children, 222; males, 193; females, 1M ;colored persons, 8. DEATHS r s o n ABSOLUTS DHXASSforeign governments, wtthUbe amount of securities de posited'with th« Oomptrdiltr, by each company, as re- quired by law:— *Albion Ijfe Insurance Co., London. England$100,000 100,coo Colonial Life Assurance Co\ Edinburgh, Scotland. 100,000Mutual Benefit life Ins C©4, Newark, N. J 100,000 National Loan Fund Life A * . So., London, F.015... 100.000 New England Mutual Life Ips. Co , Boston, Mass. 100,000British Commercial Dfe Ins. Co , London, Kng...Roya) Insurance Company, London, England LfiBdon and Iiverpool Life and Fire Ins. Co100,00010'1.000BOARD O P COUtfCILMgtf. ATTEMPTED ORGANIZATION OF THE BOARD FOR I860 — NO PRESIDENT ELECTED—AN ADJOURNMENT,Abscess 1 Albuminaria and Bright sFever, intermittent a Fever, puerperal S Fever, remittent JT Fever, scarlet...* 28$2,«M,613 03 1,063,873(4 2,3«1,803 47 Cboniy tax, is. ,'... .1 10,470,210 95Total taxation 1 . . . . L $16,353^orU3 The rate of tax on $1 valuation is 11 54 100 mills, ltespectfully anbmittod,8. ]K. CHURCH, Comptroltor. The Senate then proceeded to the reception of peti-bona, 4tc.Notice was given of the fogowing bills:—To amend the set relative to disputed wills. ' Torepeallb*StateTaxEqualizationtow.To amend the Brooklyn Water act.To repeal the Registry law.-. 1 S 2 Ulcerationofthebjweto.. 1 Varioloid ( Ina'f, rsV mitt school HMC, isJ...] J - . . J10 TeethingTown tax, ism. nt stiouid be made to approximate, in adegree at least.To authorise notaries public to act as Commissionera sonable. of lWece.Aldermen, but with a tenure o f two years, unless sooner removedforcause,whichremovalrequiresthesanction of a majority o f a l the members elected to the Board o f Aldermen. The superintendents o f the several bureausTbey proceeded to ballot, which reaul'ed as follows:— John Van Tine, Tammany democrat MorganJones,McsartHalldemocrat.../Ira A. Allen, republicanf 4 l.tftft sr.r.os 162.171 V.JT2Onr Special Mhtii)- FJ*apiateH> ^JtCaKRATION OP THK l.M»!Kl.aTi:itE -TUB OOVKKOrganization of the BoaTdof tlotoi*.efotpuffest*ofpruirwltioa.It mu ne the Mavor is r*djlc*» a tromber of the Board ofThe foltowiaf am the aispgtoto sail made by Mayor Wool to the jMrssMMl of bis «ssc*>—Rhode Island. .New Jersey, . . . lif^S 8114 K01> MK«rilL01-BBI«rO-lT10N OP MatLROaOJbisnm,Geo, W HiBcbmaa, Aast Marshal, (retatoen) . . . . ljm Geo F Thornton, Private Secretary, (vice Richard•30PI*/•**•••••••»a««**»*«e*»* i*"k- «••••••.*•*•. a*..Sols'*i«Ke, but if.ts dots rot ttwbtm executive pofice power, rrr'iSbfja PbUCC Ccmmisstoper. la drsbursemcuts this Besr :l fu tedtpendent of the Cbrpwritfon It dfttw* widMcrchants' Insurance Company„Hartford, Canaeattft it, lJ 1S pomtef. Uaton and party savers toote th» e w v •»National Fire Insurance Company, Ri,tn, Uxi * bemeward bouud this mcrnitg. AlnKel all the old a a Chusetts.NtptdneInsuranceCompany,Bteton,Hav**ehn*tts. carsoflastyearwer*cubandforreappolntmat,bat Norwash Fire Insurance Company, Norwich, Conn c scarcrly ary of them succ««iJe"i!,licnvNorth- American Fire Insurant* Company, Hirtford,• ConnecticutTheGovernor's recommendsiiott that t»lls shou'd b* rehnposed upon raUroad freight, ts not believed tc b»Mi^SAGB O P MAYQB WOOD. f8ft*i (under the MetropoliUn Police act of 1857) 888,548 not govern. Responsibility and power should go band to M9 «' - «« " *' 1,361.99* bene. Itiawrongtoimp«*ethe formerwithoutimpartBy the ranb of expenditure for the past year, which is tog the totter. The Mayor should be clothed with ampleauthority. Those who are to execute the tows and ordi- far ics* than it will be, the cost of the police for ten years nances abenU derive their appointments from him, andConrt of Before'Judge 1New England Fire and Marine Insurance Company, the desire of his party. He having thus pre- Hartford, ConnecticutPhmaix Insurance Company, Hirtford, Or»na»cttcnt.Providence Washington liatuance Company, Provi dance, Bhrrar Island.Qaaker CHjr Insurance Ootopesy. Philadelphia, Penn- ijlvaato.rorlars.to he seeu whether his party friends in bota houses will It will therefore appear that howover great the expen-ever permit a railroad bill bill to enter the executive ditures or mismanagement of the polloe, thu Mayor isbe performed w u o fidelity. However conscientious sad capable, no manholding the office of Mayor can meet pub- lic expectations, until the necessary cnangea shall beed this morning, when CKy Judge Russell teak fato seal upon the bench to enter upon Ibe discharge of bis <tor the ensuing year.n the Legislature, but the i«eople ami the cautis have alwajs come out "second beat." It wid be so on the trial Roger Williams Insurance Company, Providence, Rhode now approaching. Tbe«e is no more likelihood of re-able for its expenses nor the offences against persona and Sropetty which are conttnnally being perpetrated. Ha •sheen deprived of the force by which to prevent or punab crime. Having tost both the legal power and therat. lei i|l aid be should be relieved from the responsibility THE ALMfiUOtTSK.This Department Is else absolute. It is governedby Governors wbo exercise an undivided authority. Elected by the people it acknowledges no other master, and so vaguely and indefinitely has this liability been construed,we shall go so from bad to worse, stoking deeper every year to the "slough of despond."Royal Insurance Company.London, England. SprintneW Ftre and Marine rasnraace Company, Spring-of Councilmefl,THE BOABD OP ALDERMEN.The Board of Aldermen for I860 met on Monday at twelve o'clock Mi, for the purpose of organising sadThe first business In order was the calhbg of the i When accepting the Bomtoation of the national demo- Juryjpanel by the Clerk, aadthe followtof geatiemea, wtofete, Massachusetts Stale Tow Insurance! Company.mposmg tolls on railroad freight titan there was the day after tbey were taken off, through the influence of George GeddcoIn the Senate several years since.cratic party ot this city as a candidate for the Mayoralty, I declared m y sentiments folly upon thts subject. Upon that occasion I presented t h e platform upon which I should go into the canvass, and the policy which would govern my official course, if elected.The basis of this platform was in the following words:—I am in favor of one bead to the Corporation, whleh shall possess authority to enforos prompt obedience to the la TS by officials and the people, believing that this ctty requires a strong consolidated government, having sufficient ftherent visor and legal Independence to command immediate, com plianee io its w hi. Better have an troa rule than no rule at all. as new.Mv opponents took issue with m e upon this principle, and the people have decided to m y favor. I therefore have a light to expect that the nesessary amendments than be made to the charter wbich shall carry out their wif.hee. Those who expect a reform without reforminganswered to tbeir names, were sworn to Grand Jury;—N e wHaven,OonnecBen). P . Camp, foreman, lewis Atterbury, Jr., William T. Beer,Wyllis Blackstone, Samuel W. Bass,Wiiliam C. Barnes, Hoary Corse,John B. Durbrow, Moses W. Dean,George Y. Gilbert, Abram J. Mardtnbnrgh,Jamas M Hatotoad, Joseph Leggett, Wm. H. I>»tne«, Coraeuus V A . Charles Smith, James Strutbers, Orrto Terry, Samuel Thomsea, Evan S Walker, George M. Wheeler.112,000 185,000AldermanGE.VXVmidh^hadaprotesttopresent fromPeterMitchellinregardto theelectionfortheEighthAl- Thepowersefthis Board areveryextensive. It has108.800 independentdemocratic skating party,doneup,juv.tiko Brother Jonathan does every thing, on a tremendous ec t'e.der manic district. the table.The papers were received and told oncharge of the Croton aqueduct, reservoir, works andpro- perty connected with the supply and distribution of water in the city: of the construction, repair and cleaning of the eewere; o f pavtng, repaving and repairiog streets; of dig ging and constructing wells and the collet uou of revenues arising from the sale of Croton water. These duties com prebend great public interests, nod affect tho health and comforter thecitixen to an incalculable extent, and yet the Major is clothed with uo power to supervise, much less direct them.The Croton Board, constituted b y a President, a Com miseioner a n d an Engineer, compose a managing trium vhate, whoareinnowayamenabletoanychiefexecu Wve. Though those officers in the first instance derive tbeir authority by appointment from the Mayor and Board of Aldermen, y e t tho tenure of office being for live years, witboui any provision for removal, however great the necessity, they a r e totally independent o f the creative power. T h e large sums expended by this Board and the subordinates appototed by it are*matters over which the Mayer h a s n o control. It is conducted comparatively upon tho same ciqee corporation principleas the Aims- hcuse DepartmentMany of its present duties having been conferred upon it by th« charter of lbS7,ltiJ impossible to give a fair stati mtnt of the amount of the appropriations for it dur- ing the past ten years, nor is it possible to say with what economy it is now being administered.'lilK iJTKSKl Ktl'.UtTMEVr.ftys is probably the most important department of tho$100,000 100,000 States a n dsome twenty or thirty thousand people, without cxagse ration, having been present at once, ana the great bilk of them on skates. It made up just Ruch a scene a* only can be witnessed in this country, where all c'assos, irre- spective of birth or bank books, can and do mingle toge- ther in glorious freedom, and where (as might have been seen yesterday) tbo shins of the millionaire ar« as little respected as those of the shoo black bv our fast skaters. wbo fly right and left with lightning Speed,driving every- thing before them.It would be impossible to give a really vivid descriptor of what » seen at tho Central Park pond on a skatnjr day. Something might be sai-l of ihe wild delight exhib Ited, the rich jokes cracked, the droll expressions", ti" exquisite (in a double sen=e) .skating, t h e comical tumhling*, the stout* of laughter and deriS'on which folio* these latter ml?haps, the freshened beauty of the dear Crinolined creatures w h o courageously dare t h e saucyOnmotionof AldermanTCOMKY,a committeewasap- pointed to wait on the Mayor to inquire if his Honor had any communication to make to the Board.Aldermen Tourney, Henry and Starr, were appointed such committee. On their return they announced that tho Major would send tn a communication to tho Board;Alfernxn Cornell, Piatt and Darragh, were appointed a committee to wait on the CouncUmen. The committee am nounccd that the CouncUmen had not yet organised.On rouion of Alderman BRADY the rules governing the last Board were adopted.The message from Mayor Wood was then brought In by Mr Thomson, the Mayor's Clerk,and nandod to the Preei1 Ilenrv Smith.o Kichard Barrv.3. John T. Henrv.4. James Bagk'v.5. John H. Brady.6. Michael Tuomev.7. George Starr.H. John Russell.9. Robert L. Darragh.910. Charlesfi-.Cornell. 11 William J. Peck.12. Francis I A. Boolof 13. Nicholas Seaerist 14. Gilbert M. Plltti15 James Owens.16. Terrence Farter." IT. Henry W. Genet.States whichStates, in pursuance of chapters 463 and 651 of the laws bte things, but all these have already been repaatcdly ant laid on the table.Asthma 1List o f life Insurance companies o f otherhave deposited one hamtreq thousand dollars or over with lubricity of the ice, the nat'iral splendor of the surroundthe treasurer or chi»f financial officer of their respective togs of the pond itseif, and a thousand other unmentiiaa sioner and the Croton Aqueduct Department, which werebeing present at the organization of the new Board. Pre- Bleeding from lunge cisely at 12 o'clock, Charles T. McCienahan, Esq., clerk of iain, disease of.1 Fever, typhus •ofl*M —fully pliotoaraphed in such a way as to render anything further than a mere reference to thern totally unnac?R3a»y. It is enough to say that the pond presented as lively a pic- ture yesterday as on any previous occasion during th4 skating carnival.The secluded section set apart ?br the ladies wat, per- haps, more freqnenteJ than ever by'lady skaters, novices in the art, as well as aid hands, or rathT feet, whi ;h ha I2 Heart, disease of. 41 11 Hoopingcough 4 2 Inflammation of bowels . . •American Mutual Life tap. (jo , N. Haven, Conn. .$100,000 fthe former *card, called the newly elected ni^mb^rs toorder, and doing so said, it was his duty and his pleasureto request the following, named gentlemen, who, acoord'tog to the certificate of the canvassers, were duiy,«octodCouncilmen for the year 1SS0, to answer to their names;-*BronchitisCancerCancer of the liverCholera morbusOrrhosis of the liverCongestion of the brain . . 1 1 Inflammation of stomach. S Congestion of the lungs... 8 Inflammation of throat... 1 Consumption 61 Li ver. disease of S Convulfirms, adult 1 Marasmus, infantile 9 Convulsions, lufactlc... .31 Measles lft CroupDebility, adnitDeliil:t.v, infantileDtai i h u eDropeyDroiwy in the headDvseiilcry ,Connecticut Mutual Li e Ins.! Co.. Hartford, Conn . 100,000 Massachusetts Mutual L f e lbs. Co., Boston, Mass. 100,000 National life Ins. Co. of tbc United States, Mont-doit.The following is tho document:—MAYOR'S Omca, Jan. 2,1880.1 Inflammation or brain....U 1 Inflammation of heart.... a 1 In: miaafon of icngs .*:. .20pelier, Vt >. 100,090 VAt.r4IlO.VSOF RfULjASD PBS30MAL RSTATS.The aggregate amo'uilof faluataoas, is, vis:—Reel estate (assessed).*... $!,098,86«.2ftl 00 rcrsonal estate (assessed). .1... 815,1014,11; 00Corrected aggregate TOla«|io** **»*1°^*>»'W7 00The amount of taxes IS as follows:—1>, null tax, for snppf>rt of government, and *; mill tax for the comjietion of the ca-ToWHH SORAULKTHECoMMO.VOOl'JtClLGiLvn.KsitN—To you has been entrusted the legislativeSm.Dit.4. Harris Bogerti Morgan Jones. Joseph shannon. James Bi.rcs. John Began. John Baulch.5. Fred. Rolla'Sgr>n, Jr. Edward Cosieiio. John McC°<<nne-ll. John Vau Tine.<Sc». DM-0 Samuel T. Munson.Lawrenco M. Vau Wart Alexander L Shaw Cornelius W. Campbell. Pierre C. Kaue.John Baker. 7. Ira A. Aiiett.(.ha'let N.Picker* Charles UoCa-ty. Daniel Tvwntiahd.TheFJlot Commissioners. ToestablishtoNewYorkReformatoryaSchoolforthe TOTH*EDTTOKOFTHKHXBALD.thelegislativehasbeenmyourhands. WhitetheCom-mon Council, with t h e Mayor, can enact a n ordtnan*the administrative authority ts not thus defined. This isdiffused and uncertain. It is Jissemiaatated ameag sevo however, can b e appointed and removed by the Street ral independent departments. There ts n o general head• 7 8 No election having been effected (thirteen votes beingTolegalisetheactsofnotariespublicforthepastyear.IMi j^s*T^sss**wP ^^S»A*egs^jCSi^*JSjss.*tooh^a recess for half an hour.jjat dallysession*wasfixedforeleveno'clock. M « T**^messafeinsfisjajriil.totheOomm.tteeofPermit me to correct soma o f the inascuracies-of your statement about t h e Now York Pilot Commissioners to yourSundaynewspaper.The Commissioners did not '• manage to obtain the pas-Commissioner at pleasure, without accountability t o t h o rec.f-t>.arj), the Board proceeded to the second ballot,Adjourned. "*%|,. iSl«M called to order si « . ,Osts;ofthetostsageof&lawpayingthem anannualamountoutofthe municipalgovernmentoftheCorporation. They.arethe StateTreasury,"&c;theyhadnothingtodowiththe Finance,thelaw,thePolice,theAlmsh.use,thePublioMayor, Aldermen or Common Council. It is thus seen howlittleabsolutecontroltheMayorhasoverthisbranchof the public service. Without t h e poa/er i n bis own righttoanpomtor.removeaaypersonconnectedwithit, n.iLtwillbeeffectedinthemeantime. of course hecannot command itsadministration audUnderlyesrlto Syears Sto 6years.... 6tclOyesratn SQto40years SI41 40to 50years 28 CO 80to60years SS 23 flOto 70years 11 v . 1 TOto 80years 1 16 SOtoSOyeera 4 18 100 and upwards 1 8 Unknown 2.881I M H I d l t l t l M I I 34813 81 Viacenffa Hospital . . . 2 ft Ward'a laid. Emf'tHospL 1WAby Rev. Mr.a B-Ftoyd Jtmeaappearedand a d m ^ „itrailer, who is elected by the people. It has entire and"ahadditionalfivethousanddollars." Thisapplicadon exclusivechargeofallmattersappertainingtothetWcal hasfourbureaus.TheCityInspectorandSuperintendents.3,188$. Q'chojk byunder the Mayor elect, as tho impression prevails that he has all the city departments to reorganize. It is not gene- rally understood that the Street Department and the City Inspector's Department, which comprise the bulk of the municipal patronage, are already filled, and that the in- cumbents have yet a year and a year aad a half of theirUtcSOyears 39 to 28 years 2ftto80yearaTotal,British America....NEW TOKK BJKALD, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 186Q.-tWLB SHEBf. ^*. • i.:influence and override the pabliegood I make a e charge operstton of Ihe charter sb^MtoJ*eea» «# C ,to dividii between the comrade* of diflhrtat State t, as 1 Yco-BTfa tad Rfiot, wbo srer? K^sent Dailj aeactocs were , MUNICIPAL AFFAIRS. btdiaate tiv-nc-r appototut by the Board of Metropolitan agaiitt the gentlemes wb* compose tho present Board af appototed by oaeefttofssat.'w***'carry on the a*ast-Aldermeu for 4380.Bininsurancecom;aoie•ofotbfrStatesan1foreigngo- Ai.«*.sv,Jan3.I**1. cif\.ndstheanrnsappropriatedforUsusewtrbdutcheckX * Arid.Chtef Oerk (retained)......;. .tl^SOCasrgto, . . . . 5lt< n * SOT TOILS—TBI H»W TOK« CUT RAll.BOAD- Kit., «fC v*rnmento,aatbo toeo unier chapter 468, Lsws of 18S1,ELECTION O P A PRBSIDEPff. <* accoittsbnty Ite trcasTirer recetyes th e sums in grMsstl vpaiIm it* txpewdtturts, wMjttiere is no au r!;ti»g T<'«]uUod ouuWe of the Board IjfMtf. The approimpassibletoescape.IPIntroductogit«>wtotheirno tlce I have but discharged a duty. ' _tux CENTRAL FAsa txnucmow. Thetoytogout and imwovlng toe Central Pwkand theThe faj was occupied by I'oth houses in hsrisg lac 1560 areas follows-— Senators and Assemblymen sworn, the installation of t^"to Uansect the business of &,<Htaa«(rtiM» in late Suite forMSB its Kin ins' Insurance Company, Boston, Masrsn BPwly ejected ofBccrt, and the reading of the Governor'sChas K Baldwin, 2d Amu Ctotk, (vtos & V. Area tortas)872,715 city of New York. The Departments and Boards enumer- outsiders sad politicians, materially hindering the trans 810,400 ated compose the whole. It will be seen bow crron sous action of public business.829,500 the impreshion that tho Mayor is the Chief Executive, and The Mayor's ofltoe hours will b e to future from nine a .chueetto. * ^Merchants' Insurance Company, BOKVIO, Mission s«-«jMerchants' Insurance Compaiifr, Providence, Rhodd Lcgistoture annually, was ache large. Ttie offlc*« hav• «RSIe-Election of Clerk, IDtspnti** and an follows:— )HfiO....• ..<eiocs, over which the Major has no surpervisioo. How- %$VZ,W* ever faithfully tm so. Boards m a y discharge their trusts, 510,000 the system is liable to the objections urged againstEd. Timoson. 3d asst Cle?k, (vice B. & Hedrtek). Wm. McKinny, Messenger, (vlee C. Gannon)John Haws, Aast Msasesjpr, (retained)John W . Herbst, Translator aad Interpreter..;....i>e«The crowd, as usm!j>n the o.-.-u ng »• tu Xstond. been disposed of by caucus last c-veniDg, geces c-f dlsapSergcant-at-Arms.THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. 16t4 (uu•'<• r the Police act o f 1863).1RM " " "MtfMft.a s s t e a feat During the day Ibe Mayor's offloe was throngedwablleut.Union Mutual Insurance Company, Philadelphia, Penn-sylvaniaUnity Fire Insurance Company, London, Kagland. Western Massachusetts Insurance Company, Pituflald,boscus. i, Insurance Oompanv, Hartford. OonnectiflutInsurance Cottyaftj, Providence, RhodeAmerican Insurance Oompa»y,Boston, MamachoBetta.Atlantic Ftre a n d llarinc Insurance Company, Provi- dence, Rhode Island. *"American Fire Insurance Company. Philadelphia, Penn- sylvania. |Augueta lnaarance and Banking Company, Augista, Ceorgin. _ .Boyfcton Fire Innurance Comfany, Boston, Masaachu-Charter Oak Fire and Marine Insurance Company, Hari- ri rd, Connecticut „Pennsylvania. * by the Covern>r, no means by which tho dlaM to p«tti-i over the uehbi raiions of a body w9»-o tlii» city coiild be much belter dispensed for auout $"o0,-fHis Excellency ts also committed upon the subject ofNew York eitv railroads. Ho to in favor of Increasingthe nnmber of railroads, but be thinks so valuable a franchise ooght to be a source ot revenue to the r>H» H is electing a President, Clerk and other officials. There was tf« it finds no difficulty to avoiding all responsibility.well known that the city will receive many tbftwands c dollars annually if fair and responsible coafpetiiion Shall he allowed; but It ts the Interest of lobbyites in the entire three brarcbes of the Legislature, and both branches oT the Wew York city Common OtMUfltl, to prevent env bonus being given to Uw oitv treasury—it BTOt be contributed In liberal parcels to their own private pockets. Will Thts Excellency Govl rnor Morgan, w h o manifests sucb a wonderful liberality for bis own cltv, sign any such bills as were run through the House of As- sembly. with lightning »r*«v1, the la?t session i1 Wo hav..< already form^'i our own ortinion concerning: his conrsoa huge concourse of persons to attendance on the lobby and tn the passages leading to the chamber.Al*'ermau Boous moved that Alderman Genet be c&Ued to the Cbaiy- Adopted.This Department has charge o f the pnblic charities. T h e Board d-awsln gross the immense sums expended, for wbirh it renders no accounts, and about which the Mayor, the (Vimptrol'er or the Common Council know nothing. lis affairs are conducted like those of every other dote corjioration. The Board of Governors appear to be the oi,ly parties conversant with the mysterious workings ofCity Fire Insurance r<.mpeiy,New Haven. Connecticut.(liy Fire Insuianc* G-inpsoy .[Hertford, Connecticut.Coinmonwea'th Insurance pampaay, Philalelph'a. tl.ere is no definite fiiianrial pollnv recommende 1 OKYTLKMES or THK BOARD OF AIPKRUKN—Your callTotal fo ten ytars.. .*New York have recoiued little substantial return. I t H one or remedy the other.over OUi per annum, and if Billable employments were provi- necticut. ' J debtedness, and the people reltevivt fn>m tho most oiigm nsti-s will iho toundation oi the city govern ded for the able-bodied paupers im(ioerf) upon the city, oppressive taxation of anv people in the Uuvon, it th> re. meet, is an boner (or which I e m but foel deepiy and a diminution of many of the unnecessary employesConnecticut Fire Insurance Company, Hartford, Con- to to be extricated from \U present immense inConway Fire Insurance Corapany,Coaway,Massachu- foreremainsfor tieComptroller,Mr Dt^nntftou, former. J;IH* tui. It is especially agreeable as I nui tho ii.ade,thssumcouldbereducedstilllower. IftheLegssetts• voictpof my a*fociatt or the last year, of ailpoliMcilly a radical democrat, the Canal Auditor, Mr. Wwnto'j, fi inuieitts, joined with tho^e of tho new members laiiir."• flialJ amenfl our ehart<T,tbis de >artiiieiit should haMr.£k-dgwick,theAssistantDistrictAttorney,calledtheEhct Fire Insurance C«ihifl>an\i, Bofton, Massachusetts. formerly a hard granite democrat. an>t likely Mr. Flagler, th' Boani m tins, lltttenng exyrission of ooo i mater auy liberalized, and b e placed aitegether underExchange MutualInsuranceCompany,Philadelphia,, PeuDttvlvanta. (Franklin Fire Insurance, Company, Philadelphia, Penn- sylvaniaChairmanofWaysandMeans,toinstituteaprogramme, ilrnce. As»eiod»j(girdourselvesforthedischargeinitiate a republican platform, inaugurate apian, soma of the duties m that part of tho gowrniaentfinancial scheme, which will eventuate In «ivtng relief to of the ritv that we have assumed, it is not possiuls tothemillionsoftaxpayersoftheState. Thesoleresponsi- eecapeUiteouvictiouthatalltheeigusofthetimr-smdi BoardofEducation. Thisnwlyhascontrolofthegene- bility now rests upon tbos« gentleman in cousuitatiea cate that our br-ef term is one filled with serious reapon- ral mtorests of the pnbtlc schools. Its members a r efiauklin Insurance Company, Boston, Massachusetts.Great Western Insurance and Trust Company, Philadel- with their party friends to meet the crisis. B it how will sibilitii s. trgpei Ui.g our own domestic affairs, as well ie» elected by the people, and are iresponsible to n o othnrAnn McKey, who was indicted for stealing t 80phia, Pennsylvania.Cirard Insurance Ctouipe#yjPhiladelphia, Pennsylvania. Hamilton Mutual Insurance Company, Salem, Massa-chusetts- . ., .. HampdenFireInsuranceCompany,Springfield,Massa-chusetts.luaurance Company of Korth America, PhUadelph »,PennsylvaniaJersey City Insurance'pompaay, Jersey City, NewJt)rttvMaaaasott Fire Insurance Company, Springfield, Massa- on the Central Park pond ever since N ew Year. Statingchoseus.Home Insurance Compasy, New Haven, Connecticut. One of nay predecessors, [the present able superinten-at this day. its newspaper press, its facilities of travel ano traffic, its educational institutions, all indicate this city as the gr« at centre of a system that,jramifytog the wh >teThe free academy ia distinguished a s being t h e best col- Ugiate institution in the ouutry, where a thorough uni- versity education can be obtained, including t h e highestCONSIDER T H E LATE EXCOMMCMCATION O F R E V .pnitBteiuto be cr'ated under the name of the Insurance De- parunetttobelncntedInthe<1tyHall,a'theenyor*.lb*n>-, ofttftyperoentoftheeaoiutlofalljointau>cktnauranoecom pudes located *ttHn uiis -Stale, in such ••curftle* as are an- thoriaed by seetinn 8of the Act providing far thelnoorpora- Uooofioauranoecompaoiet,passedJune25.135S"sick swain, and have the effect of restoring such and all of themtohealthand sober reason. In this view ofthe matter, this constant chronicling of the doings at the skatingpondisdestinedtohaveamostsalutaryinfluencesecurity of b/e and propv.t«, in tho preservation of tun$267908 447,487 502 815 604.000 688,814 956,0001.023 354 1.100.410 1,228,0!8 1,246,000With such a man, thus strengthened and encouraged, re- ioirugcant>eaccomplished. Otherwise allattemptsto thisend«illbefutile.fromchurchesinNewYork andvicinityassembledyes- terday afternoon tn thelecture room attachedto Dr. Botcher's church in Brooklyn. Four o'clock was tha hour mentioned, bat those who were presentthis fact may appear strikingly imitative of the meteorolo-gical sage of Brooklyn Heights (who, it Is well known,stationavailn o t against t h e There must be adent of the Bank Department, in bis report tothe Legists- can tell with infallible accuracy what kind of weather we eout'trj . tbriils at any aseault at any one of its extremkies branches. There are in all about two hundred and eightytoreinJanuary.18W,made thefoliosing recommenda- tion—TheOmptrollerwouldrespectfullyrecommendtotheLe-badyesterday),butitisnotatallsounnecessarywhenoneconsidersthatitmayperchancemeettheeyeofsomegoutyItwillbeour l«art so to legislate thatpopulation,earn organ.zc-d common schools ofall kinds, at whichare merce, trade and manufacturee, may find here resort, s - taught over one hundred thousand pupils. The appro- curnyandproepetity. Besidesthis,gentlemen,welavo pnatiinfortheBoardofEducationforthelasttenyearsdeparlnn nt o f tbe city government, I'nder t h o raetrtc evidentlymanyawinterbeforedancedontheglTSSVsar tk-iiBofthecharteryouarerequiredtopasssuchordi-course, a man with a rsg'»a appetite, after a few bwrs strong active exercise, will sw<»t\r like Luelfer if he is asked a shilling for a thimbleful «fco^«e, and twenty five cents for »piece of pie the size of a bee's knee; but he will pay it rather than go away unsatisfied. This matter should be looked to. as 1 is of no small importance. The saloon keepers doubtless hold licenses from t h e Park Commissioners, a n d they should b e made to come down In their prices, or else not allowed to carry on their bust new,andtheirplacessuppliedbyothersmorerea-vated public spirit—to act an if we were proud of our p>. sirion, ami ha<i nooihcr obji ct?, to attain than those which 'wiU reiioun 1to the honor, iutereet and prosperity o f th1*m>:iii'p<iiis) wuots,) people w e reprcsunt.tire 'eng ip s, hose and all other machines and appartusfor the Board of Aider men appeared announcing the organi- Burne-ti or scaldedthe u s e oi t h e Fire Department; ((he removing incum- zation of that Board. Casualties brances from streets, roads, places; wharves, piers and Mr BocitKT moved that the Board proceed to the elec- Cyanosis1 Lockjaw4 Lues venerea8 MalformationI Old age , 1 Premature birth2 Suicide by morphine.peerage o f the tow creating t h e Harbor* Commission, nor did they make any representations as to fines. T h e tow was passed, putting the new duties upon them, which tbey declinedassuming until urgedsoto4ftbya numberofthelargestmerchantstoNewFork.They did- hot apply to the Legislature last winter, forEducation, t h e Croton; t h e Streets, the City Inspector's and the Supervisors. I propose briefly to allude to t h e duties and perogatives of each :—tBH n*ARCB. ThisdepartmentisunderthejurisdictianoftheCompshouldnotbeheldresponsible.c m J.NSPscron's DKPARTMBT. Thtodepajtmeat has cognizance o f all matters affectingJbe public health; cleaning the public streets; the super- mtending, Inspecting and management o f t h e public mar- kets; the inspection ami sealing of weights and measures, and of the location and control of the public pounds i tTHEMAYOR'SAPPOINTMENTS.There is a great crowd of applicants pressing for office lOtolfi yearsmade against their wishes and* rameastances in affairsof the tJorporation. Under thecharter, antby special sets of the legislature, the monetary tatereatsChurch never refused to pay them anything have been conoentrated here. T h o Mayor, therefor>, toconsequence oftheir neglectto paytothefloes.&c.beingwithoutauthority,can Innoway bemalerespon- (to the firm ballot Dewitt & UttleJoJin wag eleetod Mr. Church's relation t o the Commissioners has always Ible for its administration. It may not be out of place toof the bureaus under him, are appototed and removed intmm tothe warnsays. -~«* toe lowsethen proceeded to the electien 0/omewr*.the same mods a s in the Street Department. What h a s"•totfrtswfljr, a o t h a s there been s a y questions o f dia C, *|J» hetwoen him and the Oommisstoners,_ Aa to the •miwil •anpnpmronprlitattMedl,. theeRSUtate owedtheay that there la a general confidence in Its present ma- nagement.ms-uw.The bead of this department is elected b y th* people,Germany Total"'TJ?**^^***9 w W c l 1 sNscheato the neglect. It to Bellewte Hospital well for the HsMto and myself to have an understanding to protect the numerous appointments conceded already Ctty Hospital1ft rcsuc _**MH$v~GEO. W . BLUNLofficer The Mayer has not the least supervision or con-trol over snytbit.g appertaining to It In this departmentare t w o b u r e a i s - t h c Public Administrator's a n d t h eCorporation Attorneynt, the la'ter having charge or ex-acting penalties (Of street Incumbrances, and shroogb The Band of Supervisors, under the construction whichigm <iiit<•Alderman Genet having token his s e a t -Alderman Bor>'* moved that Alderman Peck Frfstaent of the Board for the ensuing year.b 3electedits inside direction T h e following sums have propriated for It during tho last ten years:—been ap-613,450The City Judge did not deliver a lengthy formal eh upon topics foreign to the province of Grand Jurors, bat in a few brief sentences told them that they had jurisdic- tion over all offences committed within the city aad countyAlderman COKXKLLmJved as an amendment that Alder- man Peck be elected by acclam*tion. This w*a.a<too4wd,1*M m i . 1*52 . 'S53 .84C0,009 1 8 S 6 880/00 1866. 390,COO 1867.... 386,000 1858 ..*+ 427,000 1859:925,000 the foundation of the evil, will be disappointed. Under of New York; sod after enumerating the topics whica the .-.. 843,8<iv- the jiriRi.t laws it makes little difference who occupies law requires the Court to charge upon—such as the tows 6C'5,0C0 the Mayoralty. That functionary is but a clerk. His du- against usury. extortion by public officers, trafficing to 780,250 ties are chiefly clerical and his powers subordinate lotteries, the abuse of the elective franchise, ah l the actThe few votes given io caucus for F ailer, r>f Niagara,for Speaker, were tbos- of ant, railroad members. wiilin< and on the names being called all answered in the affirm* 1854,Though he may be surrounded by those who Uve upon official peculation and otherwise evince a disregard of the public fob rests, be has not the legal right to punish theThe panel of petit jurors was then called, and the usual By his own authority he cannot remove any person number of excuses for non-ser.ice were offered, but U sholding iflice under the city government except a few Honor refused to exchee any but those furnishing iegal* clerks in his own office. However strongly coiiviuced of and reasonable excuses for the performance of this part Of the worthicBsness of officials he cannot remove them. the citizen's duty.to show themselves from the Hart, H i is the rn •& pro-minent member next to <he 9:.eakor, and will b e p!ac"dat the bead ot the Committee of Ways and M-sans, and denominated the "Charcellor of tb» Kxcheqaer." A i men.bers as follows:-.to suppress intemperance, lie uiiectei the Grand Inquest . to retire to their room and enter at once upon the perform aiice of the duties assigned them.Uve, and AlUerman Peck was declared duly elected. A'derman PECK, on taking the chair, addressed thd$5,749,500 Fere is an enormous aggregate for which the people c fsuch radical, economical men as Denntston and Bentoi Unbo tint cuncarn the whole natim. Tlu city <>f mm power, in theseveral w^rds ibjcre are ni?o local sch->>levery year, and transacting public business ef such mag evidence for the prosecution failed to sustain the charge, uiltidei' and the jury acquitted the accused.In my cpinion the principal diffimltiesander which we The following is the calendar for the term:—Murder labormaybetracedtothewantof power if:theMayor. 18,assaultandbattery7,arson3,forgery10,grandtaror- The Mayor,asChiefExecutive, hasnotthenecessary r.y30,abandonment4,burglary9.robbery3,rape2,per-meet such re:k)e?s speuutbritta as Ruggles and t'.io wh'g branch of the republtean pa-ty ?T h e S k a t i n g C a r n i v a l .Jack Frcet having behave.! himself very decently for the lost few days, Old America and Young America, ofboth sexes, wbo are given to the vigorous and healthfulYork. Ihe great mart of the commerce of the- Wusteni tieui =-| h> re, reewves over the waves of the ocean ths pttxiucte oftheOldWorld,and bythe thousand roals overthelandacx'jitsinexchangethoseofthoNew. H.-r t xtsuire is in an activity only ensured by the maintenance ami •^ her | e«.p!e of si uum" nts and opinions in harmouy with the rtjibis and invert sts of all portions of the cone- deracy. It is cndeoiablo thatthiscity Uconstau ly gaining a more metropolitan character and position. Its relatorsboards, which in many respects'' are independent of the Board cf Education. Thus thesystem is complex and in- tricate,wontingsimplicity,solidityanduniformity. This decentralizationcausesunnecessary.outlaysolmoneyandexerciseofskating,havebeenhavingaglorious carnivaltothewholecontinentarestrengthening,itsresidentojppu seriesofintelligenceandvtitue,andhave done muchto lation well represents all nations of influence tn the wwrid elevate the rising generation.awlaturetheparaateofalawcompellingthedeposit.Inade-oldgentleman,abstractedbookworm,orlanguishinglove-ariotytoourownpeople,adumnsucduty,toaddtothoha«beenasfollows:— bevtstedwithrequisite,unquestionablejurisdiction.ChocversChurchofthePuritans,severalrepresentativesIX \m not prasumed ikat airnnd solvent companies will object in attracting thousands of delicate and enervated people elicits universal approbation, to furnishing aiditional 1854 to UMaamngement. aa thatproportionof their eapttal.Ifpro- facilities fur flip ung, and in securing those 1866peri? lDVfaled in s-cordanceijo law, eaa be held for their bene- to participate in an exercise which is inferior to no other lf>56 fit by suck a department wit» a 1 the safety that arises from its in its healthful effects on the human system, bringing as ooovenienciS that are a part of every day's life, 1S5T actual poateatton by the company itself. it does into vigorous play the entire muscular tissue of the and that renders this city so desirable and attractive a lr58TheIvegiOatare,atitslastsession,inaccordancewith placeofresid<nee. IConotforgetthattheburdenofthe foregoing recommendation, passed an act establishing body. Then, extraordinary as it may seem, there are taxation is vory heavy, nor do I cease to hope for its re- 1859 •.At five o'clock the following delegate! were pre- 1 fcbail bavc the Loner of submitting hereafter another sent:—Rev. Mr. Baylies, of the Warren street Mis-ci•mmuricationinwhichIs-uailmakeseveralrecom-mendations in di tail If the necessary authority shall be sion church, Brooklyn; Mr. Lewis Tappan, of Plymouth given by the Legislature, one of the principal of these re- church; Rev. Mr. Buckley, of Peterson, N. J.; Rev. S.an Insurance Department, with a Superintendent, deputy many who bavs never heard of skating an 1know as little misnoD.yet it ts apparent that the* necessities of a city and clerks, and transferring from this department the about the mechanism of a piir of'rockers" as they do that annually adds to its population sixty thousand souls,Total for ten yearsbusiness of insurance, the. duties of which bad been per- formedbyasingleclerk,patomittedtorequirethedep> Bitofsecurities.$8,042,361 conmendations will be a plan lor the reduction of the ex- Bourne, of Hushing, L I. Mr. Btockmer, of Dr. Cheever's These annual expenditures, though large, areyet small lu-mytnresrand an Increase of therevenues. Atthis time church, was also present, not as a delegate, however, as which the general sentiment tails for aclans whencomparedwiththeresultsandthenumbtrofchil- itmillbeunnecessarytoextendthelengthofthisdocn- thatchurchhaddecidedtotakenonoticeoftheCouncil.respecting the tail of the great comest which made its ap-pearanceherolately,andfrightenedallthephilosophersand that is passing through a phaeo uf its existence inpublichealth,inthemaintenanceofoirsplendidandnu- lfc&O1861 ^i....merous charities, in tho extension of our noble aoue- 1852 ciuct and reservoirs, in the completion of that great centralpublicpleasure ground, that,rising like ma,'c. 1853If the legislature will remodel our charter in accor-dancewiththeseview&Ishallsparenoefforttoaccomplishgreat results; but if that body Bhall omit to do so, I shall,nevertheless, doallthat can be done within the limited did not arrive until some time after that boar. sphere ni-signto me.Communications were received from the Street Commis-the chamber ol the Board of Councilmen wascrovd-od yesterday al noon, by citizens who were desirousof Bleeding from bowels 1 Fever, typhoid 2Corporation, being cntr sted with a wider field of opera- face of the Ice, and lean t to play pranks trhioh might ta^k uaucrs aim rn'iu'cipal regulations as will providefor tho tion than any other. It bas cognizance of opening, alter-to do so ba? he** taken from htm and Uans:»rred to a subpriatH ts- on poMte account for tho last tea years have been erection of a new City Ball are asm in the hands of Commisl?M lW>'i le*3, .• .*•'others.«M0a and thus tsconstituted theExecutive government of thevVl'6 t i i t «« j .etiicnated by competent judges that tb» public charities ofmunicipalcontrol.ampleauthoritytoemployaiddismissbisownagents.Noprivate establishuif nt can bo properly conducted if t h eemployes arcsu;jefiorto or even c o ordinate with the pro-prietors, Ifthtsruleisgoodwhenappliedtotheusualavocations of life, how much more so is it when appliedto an imr..t use Corporation disbursing millions of dollars from Jt*n C tWnelly, on the 2«ih of November T a*Tm? PtTrtJCKhrCATtON.This important department i* under the direction o f thathecasestobetriedduringtheterm,sosstoexpeditethe disposal of the large calendar of indictments found agatost prisoners now confined in the Tombs. . The only jury trial had w a s a charge o f grand larceny preferred againstof conveniences, amusementsandc>mforUforevery drentsught. Besides,mthemareincludedthecostof rneiHbyreferringtoit;besides,recommendationsof individual without parallel, cannot be supplied with- the purchase of sites and the erection of several spacious ties character, which theCommon Council cannot adopt,to Ihe utmost some of th^ nvrt skilful veterans of the opposite sex to execute. This pond was of course the centre of great "attraction" to ihe lords of erevion, who stood ranged around the high batiks, shivering b-jtal- miring, while their teeth Kept up a lively chattering chorus to the music of the skates.While most of the regulations in force for thu preservatlon of good order and f i e convenience of the skaters areexcellent, there are, nevertheless, soma thimrs whichm i g h t b e i m p r o v e d . T h ; i s , t u e . r o a r e s o m e h a l r d o s ^ n r efreshmect p'aces Wttbred around tne ponl, when)hitcoffee,cakesandpiesninybeobtain.*!;buttoopro.in-v beeninanopposite.Mrflstion.Atshviba3groAagre^t tors of these saloons appear to have very little conscience, and powerful, her municipal government appears to b »v>as tbey take advantage of the agonised stomachs of the bfinriit- iLv more iiumoralized an i enfecMod. Thj sh.iollskaters by charging them the most outrageous prices of net be L t URJointly endeavor to introduce a more ele sary tjterefor; the construction, altering and repairing of An toon as Mr Shaw took the chair, a committee from Asphyxiabtttcr in.provemeui.prok ctioo, ce-infortaud health of tho ing, regulating, grading, flagging, curbing, guttering a n d city 1hope you will jtrpreciaie th* high charaater of lighting streets, roans, places and avenues; of buildiag, these tri*i* The official populous you tuld toward tho repairing and lighting wharves and pier*, and fltl-S3 ro Sy.....0 ...... .«•••M 1 Rupture of the t-^art....-1people of a city so distinguished as this should enlarge tkocomprehension of your duties, and enablu you to parfornithem wall a stern fidelity and a just pride. I f New Yorkug up and cleaning outblips and basins; the O'L'Stroction a n d repairing o f public roads; t h e euro a n d Improvement o f publio lauds aud places; tho filling u p o r sunken lotei t h e construction, repairing, lighting a n d care o f t h e buildiugs, offices, roams a n d1ig tb? fost city of tho wVbtcra Wdrtd, hor local gaveruto tbat prominence. Her ru'ers, to truly represent her public yards of tho Corporation; thesupplying tho public Tbumas G. K«H Charles C Pmckuey. Fever 1 2p e o p l e , s h o u l d i m i t a t e t h ^ m i n c n t w p r i s o , p r o g r e s s , i n t e K uty and mtelhgvtice. O f late years Urn teudeuey h a sb u i l d i n g s a n d o f f i c e s a n d r o o m s o f t h o C o r p o r a t i o n ; t h eMr. IIAIL moved that U sidett,whichwasatnen'324The charter clothes thetwoBoards oftheCounarmCouncil with ample authority in which to perform the-ielegislau vol unctions. There h i s licen n o improper cur-tailment o f uee***ary powers. I f tl*eir duties a r e n o tfaithfullyperformed the.responsibilitylieswithyour-selves. I regret that so far as the executive p«wor it his appointment, in the first instance, from the Mayorand concerned it has c o t beta concentrated and defined a sThereisnochiefexecutive. Insteadofonethereare eightcoordinateexecutives, separateandindependent or each other, the Mayor having n o supervisory pntroi Thesedepartmentsconstitutethewhole aiministr^tivewhich resulted precisely the same as the first. Ontmtieui,theBoardthenadjournedtomeetonThurs- <laj afternoon, at five o'clock, when no doubt an arrange-noeys advanced b y them, and thedid not pay tho Commissioner* what and is not responsible to the Mayor or any otherf publicfttO.OOO1KA7 " " " ! 825,5^ bowunjusttoboldhimresponsiblefarthatwhichhecan- M.tillthreeP.M.,dally.Sundaysexcepted. <i itntTANKELLINO 0 * THE GRAND JUST. pledged himself to sign such a bid, it remains WBO GOVERNS THE METROPOLIS1 will amount to between twelve and thirteen millions of bold office no longer than In his judgment the duty shall JANT-AKT3—The January term of this Court waschamber. It is a matter that has been repeatedly tested Attempted Organization of the Board not leeponeible, and hence should not he held account made in the fundamental tow. Under the system as it to,HwasexpectedbyRev.Mr.HatchthatRev.Mr.Beech** would be present, but that gentleman did not make bis appearance.o'clock,whenMr.Hatchdesiredtoknowifthey n ig'bt propertoproceedwithanybusinessunderthectfnira stances. Theopinionwasexpressedthatitw-»il-l»e ratherimpropertotransact anybusiness when sofew churches wew represented.AldormanSMITHmovedthatDavidT.Valeutinebeelect-'amenabilitytothoCAMporation. TheBoardofEducation, havenoreformsuntilthefundamentallawitselfiaed Clerk of the Board. Tht* wa« carried onannnoostyv *nd like the alms. Bouse and Police, draws money from the changed, whether the Legislature will at this time con- their attendance, and stated that be would give up theSuch a requirement on ibe partof tire insurance compa-nieswouldseemtorenderanindependentdepartmentne-cessary to perform the labor which would then devolveupon It; and the omi«sion|>f the Legislature to incorporateSuchaprovisionintheacfisprobablyattributabletothe er yesterday accidentally fell in- with one putalandtocserVethoapprobationofourommoacon- schoolpurposesisleesthan9150perannum, orfora though nppearir.g tomeet general aj>3rova),weren-d latenessofthe%»ssionatwhichitwaspassed. oftheseexceedinglyverdantcritters,andthoughhe(the stituents, inthis l trust*csb&llalllabortogethor.nnd familyofsixpersonsataxofseventeencents perweek, acted-uponbytheCommon Council. Permitmen calland oki women nearly out of fheir senses. Many suchthere are,perhaps, in this great city of ours,and out a gross amount of taxation that is formidable. schoolbouses,amountingin1868toover$300,000forthat wouldappeartobeanunnecessaryconsumption oftime to prove the fact beyonl all cavil, our report Yoo, gentlemen, can do much toward securing, by propor year. Estimating t h e population o f thts city at 800,000 and labor. Heretofore, when holding this offloe, I madeMr. Hatch stated that he had received letters from two Churches—one In New York, the Tabernacle church, aad one in Williamsburg—reftmr.g to be presentordinances, a faithful application of the rucup-i atyo :r dis- (it may be nearer 1,000.000), the tax on each person for many suggestions for the improvement of the city, which,Bis not doubted, bowefrer, that the subject will again critter, not reporter) wa» not an object of quite so much wlule 1t-hali have occasion for >our aid in rendering fie or, estimating theaverage number of children taught at >our attention to them. If they shall be found acceptable The delegates waited until a few minutes aftc firabebroughttotheattentAnoftheLegislature,and that theremainingpartoftherecommendafion,inwhichthe Comptrollerfullyconcurs^willbeadopted.coriositvas"the youth that neversawawoman,"still itwasamusingtolmientohisexclamationsofastoniKb- mect,and towitnesstheextraordinaryessayshemadeprogrtFSofthebusinessoftheBoardorderlyandcorrect, Ishalla<mtodischargethedutiesofthechairwithentire impartialityandwithreferencetothepublicintarcst100,000,and theaverage expenditure at$1,'AX),000,the f.niinal expense of teaching each pupil isbut $ii.1hballhehappytoco-operatewithyouintheir adoption.Theviewsnowpresentedbymeinfavor ofa radical changeinthecitycharteraretheresultsofstudy,obser-NoreasonIsperceivedwhythesameprinciple whichexists and has proved so salutary with lir« insurance com- at balancing himself on a single skate. A goo ideal ofThesegratifying facts, however, donotdissipatetheIgraveerrorsinpermittinganydepartmenttodisburse:oI large aii outlay of inc-'.ej and perform Ha 4«tttea without vation and experience. I a m confident New York willHe should not be made responsiole without the neces-sary poaer. No merchant, tradesman or mechanic can ca;ei"iar ot rases eet dowu for trial; but as many oTthwhuccAFSfuliy ecndi.ci bis aflairs if those who are subordi- dciendants failed to appear, the Court ordered tb.es> best nate are not amenable to him. The bead should have to be forfeited. Mostcf the day was spent in arrangingmuch contusion in the ward school management It is author uj to enforce a prompt obedience to and execution juiv 1. rrcivieg stolen gooos 1.—Total 88. The murderdue, however, to thote who have bad t h e administration ot the aflaiis ol the Board or Education, or to th.; system, as defective as it may be, to say that public education has flourished in this city. Our common schools arc the nur-of the !sY.-s;and without such authority concentrated in the hanoK of one man there can be no good government. Itisfolly Torany person holding this office to attempt that which hehasnolegal authority to accomplish. The'evildoers willresittbiminthe courts,and hemostno- ctEsarily be discomfitted.cases will not be tried to the Sessions, the heaviest going to the Oyer and Terminer.The Sunday Question.THE EXPAKTfC COrNOtt A T D B BER4WEH 8 CHCTBCH TOMcral suasion or officialcorrupt element existing in New York.corrective stronger and more potent. W e require a vi- In accordance with a call issued by the Rev J. L.gorousarmupheldbysufficientwarrantoflaw. Itisnot HatchtotheseveralCongregational churches,toholdan only ncces*ary that wo should have a Chief Magistratev,\:hcapacity,integrity,industryandnerve,buthemust espartocounciltoconsider histoteexpulsionfromDr.been stated with reference to that department applies •respective terms to expire. The incumbents cannot be ChinsPrussia I Scotland 1 United States ......SiftJ o u a t h i n T T r o t t e r . Pinckney b ? tem|>orary Pre-J o s e p h I . i'< r e y .poration;thepolicestatiouhouses,theengineandothrhoi.ses of the Fire Department, a u d t h e public markets Shaw. Ibe amendment was adopted by a vote of ufteaa DSAiua rkon KXTKRSAI. IXD endxh OAcaa s o t DsncroiMQcourt rooms for which supplies are furnished bylhe Cor-by Mr.J-i.sasnamini;Mr. B\tiiisiti-cthereart27stillborn. with fuel, stationery, printing, and all other tilings noces- to seven. troa cmtAta on SXASOS,slips; the doing and furnishing of all other necessary tion Of PteoidiUt.On motion Messrs. Baukh aad Hall wore appointed tell- rrs, it having been decided to vote by ballot.Mr. Mr.M-o.N uom nale*i John Vau Tiue for PresidentMr. MCCONXEXXnamed Morgan Jonesfor their presiding efflcer. .Mr.l*H(n;.vrvsuggestedthenameofIraA.Allen.Drowned IntemperanceTotalwork, repairs and supplies not provided for in other de- partments; and the collecting of al|| assessments.Theso duties are performed by bureaus, of which there are eight. The Street Commissioner is the head of the de- partment.LiketheofficersoltheCrotonBoard,hederive,RXCATnTLATlOH-OtSSAIBrain and nerves 76 Stillborn and premature Generativeorgans 3 birth • Heart and blood vessels. 7 Stomach, bowels and Lungs, throat, t c UO other digestive organs.. SS Oldage '. 4 Uncertainsentandgene Skin, arc., and eruptive ral fevers 4 4 .fevers 47 Urinary organs 1Total .349 Ofwhich17werefromviolentcausesto this. -The Mayor, being without power, shouldnot b e held accountable b y t h e public I f nuisancesabound and the streets remain filthy, it will be unjust totoy the responsibility at hisdoor. Until he has the power understood, also, that a majority of this Boardto sowto appoint and remove the subordinates upon whom It is pledged in " sworn caucus" to maintain the present or-inenmbtnt fo perform these duties, he should be relieved ganization ofthe departments, as far as may be necessary Almshouse. Blkl's Island.. 8 Nursery • child'6 Hosp'l 2*upon this subject at the commencement ef my administra- tion.or now promised to the friends of the Aldermen. Thus the extent o f the w w Mayor's power may be limited to half a crsen changes to bis immediate ottos. It is even• * " * • • e e n e n s a ae e o ee a s es e e s • «• • • • • • «BOARD oa si tmum—V IS. 4sSb'A^K?'ja£wSawbeseagency alonethis commonabuse canbe abated. thegetafUrmeawho compose that bodyplaceupontheir *•«•* ••••>***>••a••*• eeae \ *m.•#•iititt••eebasa••••*•" If,therefore,thisclassofviolatorsofthechyordinances powers]baabecomewithintwoyearsasinstiluttoncom- theycannotberemovedaaywayuntiltbeirtermexpires, «*••• •a*aa»as••**•• »»a*Iw A•»•*«•*•••••••••••••esse••No.1$.JuteC.Hale,mtosMiam * _ - et al., heirs, a c ^ o T O o * ! * • « * / . * \ » » • H- fomentofthisoa«aeW^^*»,dtof, deceased, fortheptotettff,byla^aeVS!!**^»"•r Pr thensaiuUffto error. **el*Wa *»•«•». P.Stautoa No. IT. Lovetta T . Hunter, ptornttff i» ,__-_•renotpnstohed,(tofaultlieswiththeCorpora-^.uAt tornevatid not with the Mayor. It to fortimate for the peopleofNewYorkthattheofflcoofCounsel toth-aCir porationhasbeenconferred uponagentlemansowell qualifiedtoaltrespectsasthepresentincumbenttat roucst.The Police Department Is also independent. By tho Mebiningbothexecutiveandlegislativepowerstoaaextra- oroittary degree. Thl3 is an original feature in municipal fOVsmmeBt,heretoforeentirelyunknown. Thejustifica- tionforthissfsnmptton is,thattwogovernmentsarere- quiredfor NewYork,vis:oneforthecountv and one fortbeerty. Coderthispretext a newofficial organiza- tion, feeafnl in pretenston, Is gradually arising which will resulttofastening upon this already overtaxedeitvaa enormousadditionalburden,besidescreatinginexplicableexceptforchargesofmalfeasanceformallymadeand proved. The reappointment of A V . Stout as Chamberlain ofthecity,twodaysprevioustothaato*ofMayor Ttemasn'sofficialterm,wasuponIbessMsMmawSithat,ss0IS^i^^L!!!*** ? *f«;*w7etatmeattwevtoasly,bis• " • • t f « t , „ , . aaaaes . , . . 1 3 •••a•aaseessees••»•e*«•**• '•»•••* •eesssasaesessesaw* • ae.ea • • • • • • • • • , * * • # • « * avKtl **•••sittitittiiseen•*••*& iw,,ttntttii»ii•*»ta*sasUgtH.GatoctetaL,heirs,* cWs^flj owvip»BBr• wlssVillli et a i , heirs of Ludovicws ~ eaases were submitted to the <P Stontoa for the bmJ; tsb to e m ^ S J«JSS.£S2?ior'*<*lb*°k»»tersreausoepslbteordjflbretrt hoe authority, which from the originaltawjrprjrnttooof the the public business. Already the Comptroller baa been f n ? . *»hfflcfeh»causelora removal a a d a s to1VW«••«»«ttit«*««»f »•*•t•iMiMiMMlttMIMfa./ofLndovtows^-'^*-Wm-tropolitanPoliceact,passedApril,1W,thtobraoehofthepublicservicewasplace1underthedirectionotOimmrs-stoners, appototed by the Governor and Senate. The no confusion to the public accounts, and large additions to fpn*^e^rfft,parUcutov|y la respect to what shall be The number of'IOBafOr. TBJddi^Broasonaa to his duty to the premises and his « »'r.t8 as the executive head of the city government TM Dec, 24, ^ueattoa has not been adjndiostod whether a criminalJanuary 1,en vested to 0M Ktoyof. WM lisnajaiiia to and the aieeatlve ooatrol given to theOeaeral ofPoUoa. The Chief Magistrate by this of poHce authority. However grossly the«*d, or the Ures. peace and propertv of the•adangered, be cannot, withoot an iegal In«io»7pbys»eal police resistance Ive» though« « he excited to our midst, be c >"'1 do no moreobliged to set aside a separate department or his offloe for this Board, sad to a tow years an entire building will no doubt be required for its exclusive use.One of tho evils which fallow the system of governing by Boards or Commitsiocs to the tendency to abserpilot of power, and the exclssivenees with which It to star deed. The partisan balances, by tho equal repressnte*' <» of political parties, are soon leans peraooalaoas1dn<e'lil^rt*~J? the tad[ jod es. It to understood Oil 1t o S Mayorj^^^?^ ^s^verned strictly by the opinidoge = opinion ofing weeks of 1847 and lows:—Week ending January 2,l of toft • taafttie e«»a »'.sea•#BBP.41 a l••...»».removed under the charter except with the consent of a majority of tne Board of Aldermen, and for cause. It toheld by tome of the present heads of departments thatHutstratfon cf bi« successor. aav without aav no-latter to c i*rolthose agessto, toSkCptndtstotthe t.ldrrssaa and lb* Oraad Jury.J. L . HATCH.disease ofkidneys. 2England... • e • > 4 • • France................. S(1 Scrofula«... t 1Smallpox A 6 Softening of brainS « « « M » * * | | M * M M | « t t l*eitss»Mt«|)M,a ......10 »W.ae*seasd<*it••••aaaa**ssV• ••••itbi tmeee•»••• ••«•*TM 3sV.••»••••••m imittiioW *" •••• *a• eft• •• •• • • • * • • »•XfJ *•*••• eee••• awaaaa*ft*•••a«W Use s•a••••• aWes•••a••4«>3BW •sMwsne•••••« isitisei •«••W& I•••a•»*•*••isii ••••as•• M!•••*••* la*,"**—— -•-.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streettoifvidiial Wrests of members become <*««„£££Dec 81 Decrease ICmUntitled Documentcbarge to meant, or merely a want of confidence, or a dif fcren » of opinion as the "eaoas" tor which the charter provides that removal may be mad*. At any rate, there will b« but very little of the public patronage to be dbtri-« . . ._.' «Ut—ll.llltlM^alAVAN, OtyInap* - ,Dec81,lftfwFulton New Yo13069www.fultonhistory.comrkfbr the nrismntSuch to apparently the curfoua 