 :&Nos. 1*48. 2888, 3072. 3*38, 401(5, 2410, s43»X. 3 8 t | 2M4, 3378. 2C30.1696, 3044. 3028. 8861, 3379. 149$,1306SrmuoJtContr.-(lT Old Ctty HaiiL-Part 1 -Nos. 353, 331, 661,461, 367, 368, 327, 391, 899, T01,703, 797, 607, 821. Part 2 adjourned.Cosmo* r^JU*—Part L»Mot. 1748, 402.1596, 1831, 062, 1887, 1838,1840, 1841,1842,1343,1647, 1813,1630, 1707. Part 2.-N88. 2168,1641, 182, 348, 398, 419. 389.UMTED sfcaSBS DtorsiCTOocRt—Nos ttfto 71. - • f"AlrRorBiATjoxs is TrsfjisiA _Tbe apprepf?*'ic?s mate by tbe vTrgteU Legislature at its present sesstoo are eati^ to exceed five sailnosB of dollara.*was killed.to the treaty of alliance between Austria and Russia,but focPd t! o bill desalt !<i JJ the geatteman who made the double uack to West street, through West street to <>anse- Committee —Mes^s. Miller, Collin.*, Payne, Mf.'uade, figbtxg weight w&s 175 lbs., and that he oouli not tightwalked home with more elasticity than usuaThere was a great deel of music, but too qeas.y i n c seem to me of heaven or "dainty, though tiiero * . . i t yWHOLEN O .8592.MORNINGEDITION-FRIDAY,MAKOH16, 1860.• '• J, M 3 . . ^ • - -„i. , . ,—•.—a .T.agjaiiff—L .: ..,,;,..,„...J.TWO CENTS.I\ DEPENDENCEO P TPSCillY.Roy iskfldi Surremitrtd » H*Uur*4-Vu Maiden* of the can put my fingers upon the proof. It appears that the ral wers introduced, among them two city Railroad bills time appointed approaches. Greet, howsver, as is theidands Diaatisjitd itirt (he nets ttaU cf Jffain—Prot- friends of Senator Seward are beejmicg in earnest la re aad s bill to better enforce the senaitioB of violations of excitement In this country, it appears te be still more sothe election laws.feett of TraaMi) The fesjpie Amting Themtelvet—govern- gard to his nomination at Chicago—a portion of the Nation- The bill for the relief of the landowners In the anti in Fcngland. It is the principal topic of conversationSeattle * BraeJ. Heller & Bros . • A. Rich A Bros.28,700 12,500 8,0006,000 -3 103— —8|6i,00ATHE NEWxr n j i • ....mi HE#NEWS FROM EUROPE.Srm,andhoiJersdemanding aa adranoe. Teadeclined -»d. Spiitm turpentine i u i at 37s. 3d. Oils unchaniied.HEWSFROMTHESTATECAPITAL. sgainst,andlafavoroflettingthelawuponthat<;.est:;a stead as it does new.Tne PMxe Rfng. THE P16BT FOB TBM e HAMriONSBTP—THB0imiii»^¥TS HAY*IAH» DIIIUroMOT.•flltlll. iTflB FIENGi AS8K1BL7.^ ** #/ ^tpoleoii f i tltt 1taban QuMtidB.tm vrtU**r<, ICftf.; do. b* , Mf.THB LATBSr MARKITft.Lowoox. March 3—Even:Bg. Consols etoeed at UX a H%.Ltvsmont, March 3—Evening. Cotton dull; sates today s,00« bales.Brtadtinffli quiet.Provisions steady, but cjaietInteresting from Central America. OUR BSXIZB COKRECTOSPKNCK.BEUZB, Bondarss, Feb. 16, 1860.ing tbo entire evening session: progress only was relatlvc Grist AH Preseitted-Woxe CityKatlroadi—.UetiopuUtan Police Bill- Itto,therefore, only a question of time. Sorue o f i t s Sr.ret IIl«M»ry—TolUna-RaUroadt-TieUet Swindltng-. A c , Ac.FIGHTING WKlGHr— W8P0TE3 BBBPBCTTKO IT— - Mexican Silver 4a KM rape.SATEnS' FFARR1KG BXHIBrrTON IK LOKBON—HI8 Tbe North Star, Captain Jones, from Aspinws!!, viaCONK»BKC» OP VTCTORT—COtOBB OP THB CR*M Havana, with 882 passengers aad specie, arrivedjmm,yr- PIONS-MODE OF- ISSrrKO THEM I B l*GL*>*r>—STATE OF THB BETTING—M0RBI8KEY 8 PEl'ABTt-RB day rorenoon. Tbe North Star sailed from Atmnwa'.lIa*t at Havana steamakep Star of the West, MoOowan,ANNEXATION OF SAVOY TO FRANCE.y^%w#w^MIGHT P | E I f PCBLIC SECURITIES.The packet which arrived on the 11th brought^ut theTotalBy tbe tost ViMtaratoo matt boat, which arrival here en the 21st nit., w e received the news of tbe Wyoming's safe arrival. She b u by this time received her orders toMil • . -II- I" " -'—' • • • »'"* 'a charge of tw o s a l a half cents a mile far passanger fare. All the evening session wa« consume i i 3 debate e n the bill.Progress watt reported, and the bill again made the special order for to morrow at half pa»t ten o'clock.CLI5E IH THE COTTOJ MARKET, Jwt *o., to.The steamship Orcasaiaa, from Galway, w th London eatss to the Mb last., arrived a S t Johns, N. F ., yester- saylOrenson.friends of some of the other candidates to catechise him a little, and see how big a pile.has baen forwarded. I monev has been sent to one locality It it not fair to sup pose, under the same reasoning, that the chairmen of other State republican committees hare also reserved similar favors? The rquabbles of these Presidential aspirants are becoming decidedly interestng, and there is every pros- pect of a lively time ahead. Io the moanUnaa lot allsuring tho House that he bad caiicd the attention of the cbJefCommissioner of the Metropolitan Police te theaii'tir, andhe would doubtless take care that no breach of tbe peacethe rircasaiaa's dates are live days later than those m BeDte by his kind, unassuming and gentlemanlyalready received. conduct.Mr Seymour baa atoo been ordered home, but it isThe nrcassian experienced head winds, but moderate not known that he has any appointment, and it Is sup- weather. No ice was msV Shebrings300passengers, pose)thathehasb*«ncalled hometogivehimacbanoosides demand fair odds in the start.play and that noneb e alloweda n yShehadonbosrdspecietotheamountof$2,000,000,which on tbe 27tb WBSsett down the coast m the steam sloop Alert. The General Court Martial, which convened on board the Cyan, aad had been in session nearly two months, ad- journed rts< lite, naving finished its business. A Court o f•ad will sail to night for New York.the steamship City of Washington, from New York, arrrred at Liverpool on the 1st InstFRANCE.waroiEONONTBIITALUNqnumox— EBCLINEIS oagementofthePostOfficehero. mrBB—BBTKrCTtOM OP T H I PBES-CB ARMY,Tlite being the last day for U o introduction of bills,everybody was anxious to have bis d< «k emptied of al1that he had on hand. .- larg: 1 .mber of bills were, pay officers and members of the Legislature, t9?,000; sta therefore, added to the 1;-'- oi the uundreds heretofore Uonery and expenses of the Legislature, f20,QC0; statione-been departed from in this particular instance.The Benicla Boy having had so little experience in ringter charges preferred against Capt Lockwood by some of bis officers. Another court martial will have to b e called to try Lieut. Meade, of toe Navy, and Lieut Field, of the Marine Corps, both attached now to the Itotfanao. TheRUSSIA.The London Ckronidc reiterates i t s statement relativeseveral efficcia were deV]<atcbed to the house, and all A- Kent, Wm. Frost, Joseph Kip, Bayard Clark, Wm. T.found within srreste ' The woman could not bo identided, Chambers, to construct a railrwi, 0 itumencing at tlm in- buttt:UM*iswv..aown,andonhiepersonwas tersectionofTenthavenueaadFiftyninth,sfeet,witoaltd- bill to authorise resident aliens to hold real estatesays the treaty has since been modiSed. The Journal srreseetcry g*vei an cfrfcial denial to the statement.iecomp- i>wThe '•chain gang" consists mostly of little girls whosevocrt street, through Gausevoort street to Wastingten street, tnrough and upon both West and Washington streets to Battery place, thriugh Battery place to StateJohnson, Fisher, Fufton. Varian and Tucker.Tne Altleraaaalc Contested Seats.Tbe third meeting of tae special committee appelatedunder lht> lbs. He £&>8 tiiai, tie ag<t;ii put thi question teHeenan When be called u^iu bim, aud the later positive-ly assured him that he would not exceed 1*6 many in the air, waving the palm top? of the four ruya'GREAT BRITAIN.1 REFORM BILfc D» PABXIAMECVT--DEBATES OS THEcome the main trappers for panne1nouses, who use every manner of means to decoy strangers ami others into these decs. Bit>adwny has become the main iiolu furmg by way of Chambers street and Hudson River Riii- road i;ep<a to the main iffie; aleo fro?a tba interseetion at Tenth avenue and Fifty-ninth street, with a double trackto investigate the cairns of the rival asnirante to the Al- stated, that even at thct tune he did nut exoeod 182 pounds. This statement wiii surprise manv of nistry and curtains, banneis,&c 'the Isabel left this morningfor Charleston—by wnlca asatisfied with the measure.Further progress has been made in the budget, and allMr. Gladstone's recommendations thus far have been carried.Island. This, it appears, is the fault of the Governors of the Almshouse, tor it is through them that they are released, and it was but % week ago our reporter was shown an order for Use darebarge of a notorious prostitute signed by one of the Ten Governors. The man who obtained theout alive—no one at present can tell which. An attempt was made yasterday in the Senate to get t i o mammoth Metropolitan Police bill made the Bpccial order for this evening, but the effort failed; it was opposed bySe- Lators Spinola and Manierre, and its consideration defeatvn. theTaking of letvan—lraitpcitahon Morocco, <£c.^n examination into the CitcumstancetBar, were drowned.S P A I N A N D M^TtOCCO.A treaty of peace is proposed, I b e demands or Spamare exorbitant.Tae Spanish papers arc edvcuB u retaining the cont*SS4>FINAJrCIAL AND COMIiEBCIAL. LONDON MOXBY MABKBT.There w a s a s change in rates a the London market, hat an increased demand.Amencaa securities were unchangeddosed on the 3d inet. at 34*1 ami 94* for' aad account. * the stock market funds were weaker , aad o o y l t oa the 3d last, a* ft*?.. In toe discount milketf was a very moderate demand.• raitoeed ticks lolinlai was dull. Canada—GreatI, Mafs IS',:brand Trunk.04: a34*. Itli. 4Central bonds tgfaar. Oaths Paris Bourse •inactive, aad dosed at 67f 90c.COTTOB BAREST. itothe-InnL.IiisjBHli,of«hisb l,«»wereto wasverydbl,and?a4.lestMana*an.aaaaUvonthemid 1 5 ? a ^ W V E X L J&BPS**1* H» week wareeithor diteotcd m seizing bold of persons' arms, demand tog money or csing profane language. None were m o IcaUd ih*t Tfetc quletiy walking the street.Ta-i folioirirg are the names of those mrested—sides was tedious aad fully characteristic of the verbose reputation or lawyers, but no facts of any importance were adduced. The onmmllteo adjourned for. a w x k , and signaled Iheii iatontioii to hear witnesses in tb<! case.lite ProposedS«vcntia K«^Iment Equip- xnents.TO THE BPrrOtt OF THE ITERJI.D.Mocb has been said and very little done as yet towardsfurnjAhing Ibis splendid regiment of citi/.en soldisry witaa complete outfit of camp equipment for their proposedencampment this summer As is well known, this regi-ment ha* been to considerable expense, both in time andmoney, during the past year or two, and I for one feel appearance—tbe Union' Jack being displayed at the four cond mate and the sailor who was underneath that too olizeot of New Vork should, in some maimer, corners, and the British bon rampant in the centra. Tbose were on ibe deck, the first mate came cp to remunerate them for the sacrifices thus made, and for the of Heenan's are not quite of so national a character. They separate th .m; he dragged the prisoner by tbe . hair nations' iptrlt mt-.iie.-ted by them on their recent visit to have the red, white and blue borders, surrounded by the and struck him on the head with a belaying pin to Watadnglon to inaugurate the equestrian statue of the thirteen rlar's, with the Amer'cex eagle in the centre,time honored Father Of his Country, as well bearing the. motto, "May the Beet Man Win."as on other occasions which might be men- Tie disposal of these colors constitutes a very importanttioned. A s I understand a willingness h a s been part of the work of a pugilist who i s about to tight in Fugmanifested b y some of our merchants and others to land. They arc always made ofsilk, and tbe two men match.present the National Guard with a complete set of equi- ed use every exertion to induce their friends and backers topage.1nowproposetoappointasuitablepersonoracom- taketheir colors,withthestipulation,notexpressed,batmittee to receive such contributions as our liberal minded merchant princes may feel disposed to give toward this worthy object, and, as a guarantee, my check for $30 is ready at anjtjpaOmsat to form a nucleus to work upon, whenever the name of any person is mentioned aa duly authorised to receive such subscriptions.5^*^-W**._^-^***».»*dforexport.Thestorksweredcrieg the arrest o'tnase diately takco to the police headquarters In Broome Btoaer. Br* < eorge, Boae Bandolier. Mrs MA Oa:k aed in very many partisans there, in this city, however, he has S i I t a as yet undetermined whether Ibe testimonial exceedlaKlJInteresting.Variousstreet,introducedtotheofficialsinchargethere,Oct.PWis-noon.«BKline,WMultord,ABlum,toBh:a,beenspiritedlysupportedbyhisfriends,anyaidsbeing*h>ilbeawalkingcaneorasword.W*OV M% eVM »4W •eSe••«e• ' 4TaisMf.isbeing well known, tl be token toS£SrJS%3Tlocked up, and will this intlltuUoo, the rogues' gallery in particular. He B»oa AugaberK, c aeaorne, Qeo F Moore, W MeCheaney, R J Ouwderv, Jolw Bill J as Extu. F C Hereey, J Ealaat, o Heele-Market Couru No teas received full explanation of the modus operandi of ob- Baaa,<ieoPoole,.lBsag. V Morris, Frank Ramsey. 105 ir.English champion heavily against Heenan, laid the odds tarn General on toe evening of the sto tontoat satil ten of $100 to $80, seventeen times over, with the same party, o'etock. The band (a nai«ninc#nt one) was stationed oat^^^twSrfctTbe baby 1By an order published in the ffaesta of yesterday. ail tbe private establishments is toe basement of the palaceICt^mSBnEZ^ — a* e w but wheatg- It to a third reading la the pra- n that Itbill to allow aliens to bold real. up and eebBtodataeeb tentth-Ma "~and'taJjcoti in fETor, and Messrs. BtnghamandHfttenrtb«ia^^iisBi^BB BsjSJBSIp| ^a^sa^sssabasaasBw*the newly erected platform te treat of the palace Bsl dem have I seen toe Plaza at Armas so thronged with well dr»rsed people.*""' stoBBatJ'a^'< t,'W , ? ^ ft2S»jrttw.UA.<tE XAJaSXTB. IntheBavromarketcottonetoeedwtthadac-iaiegten-The coawBtttee rose to report progress, but tbo House refusedtoallowthemtositagain,whichkilledthebill.Oar Aaptnxtall. Correspotodeace—ImmenseBBBrSjBS^BSiaSBBv *andShi amen t offTne Natlaaal RepnblIranCommitteeAd-l l l , l , , I T I T , , # W 1 , dency. Sates of tie week x,S0O bales. New Orleans vanelng Money am Seward—Trie JLegls- The tolling bill was under discussion In the Senate dur- DtPtiUX OP FUUTBBS TO SEE BiM—HIS ALLEGEDPanarunHavanamtntal Ckanga and Appointmcnit—LegisiatiK«fc.,aV .B'oinas,al Republican Committee it seems have taken up his cause and are battling for him. One of the members of that committee has forwarded money to Kanta< under a plearent diatri^U was pasteJ—19 to 9.A long debate was held on tic Bailroa ?Toll bill. Theamendment introduced by Mr. Sessions limiting the ex-istence of tho art to three years, wa* adnpu*d, twentyIn the rural villages and the great commercial aad manu-facturing cities, and engrosses a considerable portion ofthe attention of the press, both provincial and-metro-politan. So much importance has fc-xn attached to itthat it bas even been brought under th e cognizance ofthe British House of Commons, and attempts have beenmade to induce the Homo Secretary to iaterfere, but (he Ctam-Origin f tki JHfieutg-~U^atmcy e / without success. That gentleman conidnted himself with as-the amotc tor tear of his to*. The oeot- was tt><« openedTom Savers, w e are told, is doing hlE uinicst to get fit,and begins now to s^e the im^iruuioe of loavlug no atone spectators could not be counted. The carriages reachedIke Pope Is said to he ready to make concession*.THE ALLIAHCE BETWEEN AUSTRIA A N D be at once made known the fact to Captain Turnbull, when James C Kennedy, Harvey Clark, AVm. FrazisrJH-jQry et" was ordered to a third reading.Senator Bamsay also introduced another bi^l autfatrisdnx and he ordered out of toe p*age. On gatoing the street, Jtmes H. Wood,Charles W. Durant, J. B. Yates Summers,George's Hall, and on Tues-iay morning resumes ciose work at bw f*vorUo hea<'.quarters.and after the feast it was impossible to find tt" mas tirs. or tbe masters their conveyances, « ;*p". to a very few cases of fortunat casualties. TOey,agesvaryfromeleven to Hiteen years. Theyhavebe- andWhitehall streetstoSu'itiiFeriy,and theuoe1>t>iralbs. on the day of fighting; and, in corro- boration cf tiiis assertion, both he and HacienaUsentinel?guardingthestatueofFerdinandVIII.The bancs appeared te advantege, eircad before tbe people on a raised platform adomv . wtth <!"»"» upos-srjBoar—raiQHTnrL SHIPWRECK—THB ATLANTIC their operati- L>S, where Ui«y can be seen traversing to avenue A, along said avenue to Fourteenth street,dermanic honors of theSecond and Eighth districts 100k place yesterday, Alderman Genet in tbe chair.friends bore who were under the unpreseeon ibat hisDghung we -at was about isuor 193 pounds. He wascertainly this weight if not more wLen he fought MorrisseyIn Canada, ana if he really does rot e.vtcood 176 poum's oathe Itjth of April next, there will not be such a vast dis Kcw iVltasg. and niany cthere ot toe citizens of the felted parity in the weight of the two combatants, as we havefltLHBAFH CABLE. the walks at ail tioui^ ot the night. These little ones oc- cupy furnished re t am in tenement bouses,and, a s is to bedown Fourteenth street to avenue I), along avenue 1) to Houston, down Houston to Hangm street, through said street to Grand, through Crand to Corlean*,On motion of A. Oakey Hall, counsel of Richard Barry,note. The Opera Company left in ber, but I did not see Mai >.lzfk. Mies A l a Philips, with much improved dearth, was inboard; larsois, of Albany; Cailier and lady, oflard John Russell has introduced in the House of Com regrotted, it baa become quite a business among landlordsstoan a reform bill. It extends the elective franchise to to f-^miah their tenement houses and let them nuntly to through said street to South street, along South to the tbe Alderman of the Second district, the committee agreedtea pound occupancies in counties a a d s i x pounds inBoroughs. Twenty Ave of the smallest boroughs are tohave one instead of two members, and the seats thusgained are to he distributed between the most populouscounter and the boroughs of Ireland aad Scot!an 1gettwo add.conal members each. A corresponding reduc cupied by two or mora girls.tea is made in the franchise, but the present represent* Ihcugb many efforts have been irate to rid the city ofalways been led to imanno existed. Myers will In all probability fight 152 or 154 pounds, no that tnerc will b e but 21 ir 22 pounds duterenoe instead of the suppose! 40,pounds. Whether the Boy ran be rcduc l losllch a weightwithout weakening hi3 jiowers, we ctnuot say ;his expa- riecced trainers can best answer such an inquiry.Exchange on London, 13.1. Io 14 and upward; or NearvYork, 2to3.'„-; small packs,"Z ,i premium; on New Orkats, 1>» te 6.1. : on Paris, ^ to -.,.HA\AXA, March 10, ]>60.prcatitutos By tbi* means they succeed in obtaining junction of Front and Sauth at Roosevelt street, thence from five to eight dollars a week for a room and bed- with a ingle track through South street 10 Old slip, toto postpone the consideration of the claims of George r. j Bickiord to tho rojpresent'ition of this district, as no one appeared on his behalf Tbo Chairman also announcedthat if no appearance is made at the next meeting on be- half of Mr. Bicltford, the femmltteo will dispose of hi3 charges against AldermanTbrry as frivolous.States, lcavirg. tired of the Moorish war and our epecta- ckaroom from these women, while, If they were let to re electable people, ti .<y cculd not get more than that aDarrow Mary MarshKate WiMon. Anas AfisB. Margaret Onwcal LhuaerTlosre4 f19 fit•• • >»• 10 17Unttod States. United States. Ireland. raited States.and w e now find it on our files.It appears that the object of allowing the bill to rest quietly in the hands of the committee was to take the members of that committee to New York and postwins. In very many eases the backers of tbe lostivg man, however, strongly fortified, and the ot«*ia>acyupoi» PUBLICSPIRIT shouldhohavedisplayedgamenessandabilityinhisun- whichMiramonsosttongiyrested,havmgUrn 4*»wThee are two of this class in Elm street, near The rent realised for one alone is about $460 amost ofthese notorious charactera, yet, as Westated betiaa is not to he disturbed. The liberal journals are not fore, they remain but two or three days on BtockweU's get Vllled, or they may doc'ge both and comeappeared lor Mr. Russell, and William H. Lawrencea<? Call in london, on the 28th uit, pievtoua to going into counsel for Mr. Mitcteli. The charges presented agaiC3t active training at his favor.te quarters at Newmarket.b*broughtfewardasargumentstoInvalidatethesuccess he wan at one time very desirous of seeingot a canoidate in an election. The argumentation on both his American antagonist; yet as the latter Consul General Colonel Helm, at the United States <on-The Atlantic Telegraph Company had adopted the re-portofto"BoardofDirectors,and agreedtoraisetwenty trtes'paramour,andthegirl,whohadbeenontheisland themCommissioners,leavingoutbotaoftheMayors;this.toousaad paands to make the attempt to resuscitate the but twenty four hcurs, was discharged.cable, or recover as much of It as possible. Captain luinbuli haaj however, determined, as far as lies in bts powur, to «o ail he can to abate the nuisance, Ibe steamer Nimrod had been wreaked on her passage and for this he will no doubt receive the thanks of a large from Liverpool to Cork, AH oa K-arl, shout fifty ;a nam- numbtr of c.Uuas, Those arrested last evening were1 understand, is a party measure of ths republicans. The bill as it was increased the expense of that portion of the government to the tune of nearly $S00,0C0, but it has been amended in the committee so as to bring it down to about $7C0,0C0 moie than the prescut cost of the police force, Ibis Item, no doubt, is on account of the good of tbo party.A short history of this bill may not be out or place at this time, as there is one or two interesting sketches connected with , It thathad broken laith with him en a previous occasion wteu suiale, or C c Hib infit. Fromlhe evidence adduced, tho ho had appointed to meet him at O^en Swift's, and nevercame near tbe place, ho now did not care about seeing facts of " -I « s e are briefly the followiiiij —Tne deceasedhim until tbey met in the ring on the 16th of April next. secor.': ' -a*, .ii.bn A. feterson, directed EHtofc>do a cer-He disclaimed any personal feelings of ill-will against tbe tain *' - 1 alter ho had done it told him that it w«s i.ot American, and only hoped that they both mirht be well i*or' I- sajor like fashion. High wards ensued, .a or. the day, so that cciUVr might bare any excuse or wti;"- t*.- ai-coaJ mate called EJUS a son of a and a palliation to urge for his defeat. The show of pparrers at lia- T e latter epithet was returned by ttw prisoner, this exhibition was superior te anything of the kind for a c T . i r u of the aitoeases deposed, was Erst cjel byTctube,forwhichhereceivedfivedollusfromthemii- inthesersion,reorganizingthewholeBoardandmakiegXamu. .Mini K .a'jeti. Haa»a Kirby... Mary Brown... Gara Drcwn... A£:e Smith.... Anna GUaaa...Mary SheaMary Ann Giimao..... Mary FrankLnuna l o t res*Liae StevensCatnaiine Xewland m% BrownMag JohnsonLiziie ClarkMary ClarkAnne Brush..line SmithNativity....IT England.long time previous- all tho principal magnates of the English prize ring being present to assist tho gallant champion with their sc.-viceshir_, a•*> '•fcccondmate struck him a vlolen: blow upon the -c.^'aa with a mallet, which fe.ied him to the d..% f . i then threwhimaeif upon him. WhJst m that p:_wi u tbe second mate received the wound from the sL'.a'— -oi'c of toe prisoner, which cause.! bis (toe second r<. i\•-.-) death in a short time. Whilst toe se-SsUl". . •«..a.*••*•• ••»•••• •JLV jBa^lajT •••••••••• •*»*•••••• •dMcommittee that suited its originalirs. There it has been quietly slumbering, a n d as almost everybody suppoaed* ,...18 ..19 ..18...21 . ».2. 22ni& 21 a 23 \% 18 2 0 .....18 21United States. may please the readers of the HEBALD to see in prutUnited States. United States. United States. United States Ireland. Ireland. France.United States. United States. Caited States. United States.United States. United States. United States.(XBBmteeioBcr Bowcn, conceiving the idea that it was ne- ccr$>ary to have the number of Oommisaicners reduced. in order that t h e Board might b e made more wteldy under the maxim "that many mind!: cannot agree,'' drew up a new Metropolitan Ponce bill to sub the views of himself and friends, and handed it over to Oakey Hall to revise and punctuate as well as to put on all the extra fixings. Oaxey having put in all the periods, commas. exclamation points, and other nice hxings, the bill was started fcr Albany, and Haebrouck sent to watch the bantling until it got where it could walk alone. The bill. instead of being handed to a New York Senator to present, was passed over to Mr. Boberteon, union republican, from Westchester. By some combination of circum- stances the bill was presented when most of the mem- bers from New Yoik were out of their seats, and the bill was, on motion, referred to theBoth tbe champions have is-nicd their silken colors for the fight. Those of Sayers present quite a patrioticOITB SPECIAL ALBANY OESVATOH.• Atj»ANi-, March 1ft, 1S00.I have received this moraiag a budget of interest.ng news in regard to the movements it the friends of oao ofFOR ENGLAND— HI8 INTENTION T 3 FTOHT BXBNANBBOCLD B E WHIF 8A YEBS—THE VISIT O P T B S on the 16th, and sailed from Havana at 6 P . M. Bamo day.the candidates for Presidential honors before the Obieago and tolls.Convection. The news eomes to me from a source that I It being the last daw for the Introduction of bills, seve-The Interest felt by all classes of tbe community in the just arrived fiom New York, and steamship Hivans, firly approaching fight between the champions of the pri*o hours from New OrtonDS. The North {ton* expertoncedfinal surrender of the Bay Islands to the State of Hon- of another nature, but realy for the purpose of securing Senators voung in the affi'mative. This vote, as well aso m I'AXAMA CORKESPOXIIaWOto. PASAKA, M arch 3 , ISoO.duras. The residents there are not at all pleased with their new prospects, and a n taking aatlve measures to arm themselves, and will, I doubt not, declare themselves Independent; and farther, they will maintain that inde- pendence. They lurVe already engaged tw o hundred Minuie riuce, and wtth them they will be able to protect themselves sgsJest any force wbJch Honduras can bring against them.The packet also hronxht us V.,i news that Mr. George Berkeley, oar Colonial Secretary, has been made Lieut. Governor of Dommifine. Mr. Berkeley has been our Colonial Secretary for nearly twenty years, during which time he hae won the respect aad ewsem of every personSeward'delegates from that section of the country. Gethe tone of the debate, ln.isatee the probability of the passage of the bill introduced by Mr Ssssiocs. as a com- promise agreed to toy the railroad corporations, whichbe sure eventually to bring him into trouble. The Le- gislature has just closed •- wort session. Among its acts are a Chinese Immigration act, and a Post Omce act, bytherefore, all on band, and the millers arc each at work$4,000; expenses now insurance department. $10,250; forengaged in one bimsell' with Morri^sscy, his trainer, Mac- donald, with a view of enlarging his sphere of know ledge, took him to witness tho •''miHv between two secondOn Sunday, Feb. 26, while on the quarter deck of tbe Saranac, these two officers got into some altercation, and hign words and threats ensued, and cutlasses were drawnneral Pomroy can no doubt tell us something about thisfact, and as he Is BOW a Washington I would advise the allows the roads to pay a definite sum In lien of tolls, andNaval MnematU on the iam%-Omrt Martial mBeird Moil Agcnb— Eadtbtg Boat Bare, <tV., d V .. ef:.trying to crowd it through. The hopper is full, and the©rwxrSG OF THE rBXKCH LBGISXATTBE—SPKBCU OF which this settlement assumes the expense and ma squabble is going on to keep it in the same condition. We ral societies, $8,000; for State prisons support, S'iT5.000; class inmmanes of the P. R., Mace and Travis. H.-ro, by one or both of tbe gentlemen; asd God knows whereThe French Legistotore opened oa the 1st last.TVs Emperor's speech prom'sea every effort fur the antotenasce of pease; rejoices at the amicable relatione wta aH the Ei..opcan Powers, and hopes for a speedy psase with Coshir. China and the just'chastisement of tin Caraeeefortheir perfidy.work before them before the adjournment.The Committee.of Ways and Beans this morning re-ported the general appropriation bill.The parties moving in railroads do not seem to be at allWatts asylum, $80,000, in proportion to thenumber maintained: Idiot Asylum, $18,000 , WesternHouse of Refuge, $21,000, and for buildings, $10,000; totbe hospitals of tbo State, $15,000; New Vork ColoredHome, $CCO. New York House of Refuge, to build femaledepartment, $25,000; New York Hospital, $22,500; New Storts, Castle street, Feieestor Brrraro, on the 211 irt, about the inefficiency of car mail agents, are beceaingnymphstfi*pare byCapt-Turnbull,oftheEighthprecinct, The Emperor also hopes that the Italian aflairs are ap- and a posse of police. For a long time these women havetoHobokcnferry;itgivesthepowertoJohnR.Haywood, pensary, $"00each;NewYork, Northern,Eaxls.-c,Do wasastrongmusterofthe sporting fancy present, but boardthsship receive.! news that a smallparcelhad John Murpby, Stephen Bogart, S. Bell, and Moses Carney, mill and Northwestern dispensaries and Lnirainry the staking, of couise, « a s a nacre mUb-r of form, espo been sent him by the mail about six weeks previous, con- to construct a railroad commencing at East river and for women, $500 each ; H'ooklvn central dispen crally on ibe part of the American champion, the whole tainicg money, lKsides v luable documents- The parol Grand street, thenee to East Broadway, with a double sary, $400; Brooklyn atr! Williamsburg disprinwiries, of WDCSCmoney had been lor Eome Umo la tho hands of bad not reached the owner, nor would it have ever reach track, thence through Grand street, with a single track, $3C0 each ; Brooklyn bomcx.;atiiiG dispensary, $200: the SAktboider. The editer of Bell's Life thus com ed him bad not the coxswain of one of our boat* acci- to Elm street, through Canal street to Hoboken, tbencn New York Juvenile Delinquent Soc'ty, $24,000;through Canal to West to Hoboken ferry; also, junction at Board of Commissioners of Pilots. $5,000 ; toaroacbiaK a iettiement, and » y e that he has advised thebeen the source of great annoyance to respectable c!tUens,K»g of Sa.rd:ni» that Tuscany must not be annexed, hut especially these in company with ladies on Broadway inthat the wishes of the other Italian provinces may be en the evening, and frequent complaints have been made toments-— dentally picked it out of an old paper basket at the ottioe Tho crowd on tb.2 occasion was caused in some degree of our Consul at Panama. This is only one instaven or bytheexcitementanenttherightbetweenMaeaandfra dailyoccurrence,and althoughstrange,ittoneverthelesstertatoed, provided the rights of the Holy See are respectCaptTurnbulloftheirdisorderlyconduct,someofaverycompleteHaiJ4vCoami>*ioner'8 imp,$5,100; toe.om-pleto tbe pb^leal survey of the harbor, $2,500; for the vis on the eanie day, bu: murv; especially by too expec- true.An exciting boat race took place here between e«*me of the beats of the squadron, in which flag officer Mont gomery 's barge came out tbe winner.OUR ASP1SWALL CO'IRLSFOKDENCE.it straw Ait., March 6 , 1500.ed to principle. The safety of the French frontiers, he aggravating nature. Several have been arrested and sentadds, requires the annexation of Savoy, and he hopes that to the Island, but through political influence brought toElm andCanal,to NewCanal andRust Broadway,to Grand street feiry.Mr. Burns also introduced a railroad bill authorizing theconKirueUcn of a railroad in the following streete:—Com-mencing on Washington street, al its intersection withChristopher,alongWashington,withasingletrack,toCa- TbebillstoprovideforgeneralvlOCinationthroughthe appointment,theBoy,withcommendableprudence,koeping himself Out of temptati'jn,and funding an ambassador to the Cambrian court in the shape of JACK Hacdonald, te see that all was straightforward and •hipsbape. ua Thursday Heenan call, d on us to ruport bimsclf, and we at once perceived that he had been anything but ilia durfreak exptoialtons of the question will cause the greatpowerstorecognisethejusticeoftheclaim. Heprofess- theyaresoongotoffandreturntotheirdens. Theoffi-maintenance and expenses of common schools and acade- mies, from the school fund, $180,200, from deposits fund. $23O,CC0; from literature: f-^nd, $14,500.tation univeiaally prevalent that the B-jnicia B iy , w in had been prewen at the mil), would have pu". in "an aD- pearanee. fn tb:«<; however, the fancy were doomed to dis-es astcnJabment at the agitation of the Catholic wo-'d, aad points to h a efforts on behalf of the Pope.The French army has been reduced by 190,000men, aad would he further reduced hut for the Chinese wax tad the Italian occupation.cers are also dared by these women to arrest them, and In case they do, they arc* discharged, only to renew their threats and carry on their old bus nets.So daring have they become of late that but a Tew even-'cgs since a respectable lady, who was returning homenal, along Canal street to Greenwich, along Grtfenv.ich. State, and for granting the Manhattan Gis Company thewith a double track, to Battery plaoo, along Battery p;»eo exclusive use or wbstves and slip-*, were reported favora-to State street, along State strict, with a single trps* 1> bly.Whitehall, with a double track to South ferry. Ret 'i Mr A. fJnrrn (dem.) introduced a bill to dissolve tbeing from South ferry along Whitehall, wtth a single ti . 1, present Centia! i'aik jomiiitffiion, aad to create ileasrj.to Bowling Green, along the eonth side of Bowling d - a, Titmann. Moses H. Grinneil, Rose, Opiykc and Biatch- ing bis brief sojourn among the W.ltumro downs. HoAnimlEngland—State of the Weather—High Winds, .(„The Emperor concludes by referring to the new free about dusk, was nearly knocked down by one of the "chainwith a single track, to connect with the double track un Greenwich street, alorj,- Gr*enwich to Christopher, along Christopher to Washington, to the place of bsginning. Tho incorporators are Isaac Feller, John Butler, Ir , Samnel RedCeld, Fiancis A. Hall, Robert Walker and Sonry Smith.fcrd the new Commissioners.pits ixmoia.nsD.By Mr. YOORHIR'—.Tn crcite a new ward cut of the Dghteenth and sixteenth in New Vork.w»s evidently in rude health, and fast verging upon flghi ing trim. His mug was ruuch thinner tUau when w last saw him, and there was au tsajiiciiy and a buoyaitcy of spuus about him which slxureti that tbo farmidable "task bclore him evidently did not disturb mS dreams. l"b-5We Lave nothing to Impart since tbe sailing of the Atlantic on Saturday.Tbe Champion arrived at Panama at 7 o'clock A U tbio day—nearly lifteeu day « from SAB Prancisoo.Two miiliors, cne hundred thousand dollars cam' ver therailroadfromPanamatoday,andgoestoEnglrJoa trieTbamrEdayVtertomorapw. Itwasbrought down from Mazatkn and other Mexican ports a few days am ce,trade policy, and predicting the most favorable, results.In the London stock market the French Emperor's speech wa§ not saiaraotory, aad prices closed at a declineef ;,. Contoisfor money 94\, a 94?*The speech produced a slight depression on the ParleBourseTh2 annexation o! Savoy by France is condemned by theEnghah ILnaters.The English journals protest against the annexalion ofSavoy.tt Is reported that Prince Lucten Bonaparte will proba-bly be proposed as King of Tuscany.^ CENTRAL ITALY.The votes of the people are to be taken for annexationteSardinia or for a separate kingdom. The I'mbrian Marshes demand annexation to Piedmont.g*ng" because she did not b /e the woman full sway of the stdewaik. The lady was f ruck a powerful blow in the face by the v'le cr ,.*ure, who at the same time used the most disgusting la. guage. No officer being near. the lady was unable to have her arrested. There is certainly no safety for a female to venture down Spring, Prince, Broome, Houefm or Crand street, after dark, without being liableBy Mr. WBBSTBS—To incorporate th? Now Ycrk Volun- teera' Burial Monument Association.The Pope threatens Victor Emanuel with excommumcv ordered him to hand over five dollars to the gin .e at flrtt -It refused,bat being threatened ho was forced to hand overMr. C.UJJI-OTT called up thj resolution for a eommituwte Investigate tho charges made against tho official jbontKiy of a late republican State officer. Alter a long and Leicester square. spicy debate the n soludoa was it.deiinitoly p-.iai.toacd bya party vote—tbe republicans in the affirmative and the -Scene oa Broadway Last Evening.CAFT. TIRNBCU, WAUKS W AR AOA1NST THB "CHAIN Tbey will have tl»ir hands full to get through with all theincorporated orphan asylums, except Lease and teous bearing." It was anticipated that a meeting would trti tbe 1st inst. Mr. Ca/.eueau, the furled States Consulh\S>: — A MAN DKCOTKP IN A DRN AND ROBBED— DISCHARGE OP FROSnTUTEB FROM THE ISLAND BY A (iOVERNOR Of THE ALMSHOVSE, ETC.have taken place at Uii's light between Sayers and Hee nan, but the former was not present to witness it.to Cusyaqui). visited the ship aad was saluted on leaving witli seven guns.discouraged by the sudden smash up of the GridironUatoedStates.IrelandUnitedStates. foijouen, uniilaehoiitimesincewhen it was reported,By tho steamship Tcviot, whitb arrived from Vera Our on the 7lh inst., my correspondence from that city (to the M ) came to hand on the Sto. By it I am informed Ibat Miramon WBB withm a few mites of Vera Cruz, aadBE UnitedStates. themastothemysteriousquartersfoundintheFourth United Stales. and Sixth wards. Senator Fiero, of that Committee,Departures.Tnsr bad sold It tea man wars aft toctoad op tor examinationfolk, ryirf at per were committed for cxiatinajfjs.l toeabava vesselB 5y J, *r , *« was was also arrested for baying_ this eVenBBg. lb* A s _ the bill to prevent ticketUnitedStates. United Sates. ('mtedStates. UnitedStatefwasthearkt,nerscnInvitedto viewsomeoftheunder-ground cpeialiens of thuee wards. Arriving in yourIn London Sayers continues the favorite at olds va-Wf&fEffirwsBi*in*i*d,iB*»W**Me for throeapodal order for tote bul will goported. The bill will pass as soon a s a vote can bo taken.MEW tOHJM.UROIMUkTimM.Bei t o .AISAXV, March 1ft, lf>«0.Several remoDEtrances were presented against pro rataMarch6,at4601*.M.arrivedatHavana at1P.M.State printing. $100,000; for State and county Asr'Cultu-shallr>whavea'usytimeuntiltheconstitutiontelle support and instruction of two hunired and twenty pupils according to that siwrting authority, Bills Lift, "the Be this would nave ended had not ttmelr interference put aa them that U>ey must go home— some of them to stay, of New York Ucaf and Dumb Inatitition, $33.M0; New nicia Boy was the 'observed of all observers;' he looked end to all further strife. It »•said that the quarrel arose andotherstoreportprogressand askleavetositagain. YorkInstitution oftheBlind (ISOpupils), $27000.for well, andevery ooospokob'glilyofhimlorhi"cour- fromsomedifttcultyofoldBlinding.Tbe complaints, of which I wrote to a former letter, ment, owing to a descent being made on a large number of ing the construction of a railroad from Grand street ferry Voik Eye and har Infirmary, Oothalmic hospital aad dis- being the .-umiverwry of Wssbirtgton'B birthday. There more t'amorous 1 give you an instance. A man oolast evening Broadway was the scene of no little excite-yesterday. Mr. Fisher introduced to day a bill authoriz-bear by what is called the "lovers" of these characters,. only conijiittint tiebvi to make WM,that h-3 was nunted almost beyond endurance bythscario.s. wbowogld By Mr tAuannv—To extend tbe jail lirniUi of K'ogs haraly allow him oveu to have his meals in peace. to N'ew York ciry affaire, all of which are"of more or less county. So great was too nuisance bescomiog, ho said,There were a number of other bills intre-.l i>id relatingimpoitanceThe Ser V seem to ffe w-lling to try their luais at theBy Mr. JA<;CI»—TO authorise- the Corporation of New that if persisted in ho must, however reon H. It- M s ship Fylades. smuggling from Mexico.i t s the old story of Br.ut'ucity railroads again, notwtlhatAndirg the Waterloo de-ney General, to sell a portion o" the City Hall Park fur aYork, with the concurrence of tho Governor and Attor-luctantly, give up his training quarters, admlrable a< they w r e to other respects, aad aetake himselfto be insulted by prostitutes or men who hang abocton feat of their pet measure in the House yesterday. Sena Post Office site. Per the better regulation of tne cdwlne to some ether retired nook where none but his moss, inti and strong trade winds. It blows astill gale almost everythese comers In wait for these women.Another instance which goes to show their daring deeds is that of a geelitman who was passing througr Mercer street, a few evening ago, to his stable, when is front of No. 103, bo was requested by a young girl who was standing on the tieptooome in, as she wanted assistance. The gentleman, believing that some person was wronging her, at once complied with her wish; but no sooner hid he got Inside the hallway, when the front door was closed upoa him, from behind which a tail ruffian steped « \u\ ornight, a most unusual occurrence during the dry season OCP HAVANA CORBESTONDEXCB.HAVANA, March 10, l'iOO. Crct.il Sennadf te the Caj>L4in Grr.eral—Rrjvldng Oxrthe Spanish Victorits in Moro</x—Departure of ti- Optra Cuwj,aiit/ for the UniUd States—Financial Mzttcr?, <&•. tm Thursday night came off the grand serenade to theCaptain General, in honor of the great victory obtt'n'vi by our troops in Africa^—the concentrated extract of oc,r regular and volunteer bands. The night previous we bad been treated with toe simple solution. Tbe thouBenis odemocrats in tne negauvoThe bin to prevent 1aud in the sale of passenger tick- unturned He comes to London to take his buiieOt at Si- from the square in all directions to the wails aad •-. iter,tor Lawrence prvaented a bill authorizing Frauats A. Palmer, John Anderson, H. A Johnson, Epnriam M.Whitaker, D. R Martic and their associates, to constructa railroad commencing on the Bloomlngdaie road a', thejunctkn of Ttnth avenue and Seventy second stfSet. Savin Railroad 0.m,iany to atop their cars at every sta portions of the gallant Yankee. It la somev.-bAt hard aitng Eleomingdalo and Broadway to Whitehall street,along Whitehall to South street. Also, with ajloubto track from Bnmiwity through Uortlandi to West street. Also, commencing &t the junction of Broadway and Fulton street, running with a double track through Fulton to South street, along South to Wall street, through Wall to connect with said railroad in Broadway. Section second provides for the payment to the city treasury $26.0X0 annually for twenty years, the fir3t payment to be made at the end of twelve mortthsafter said railroad has been constructed and in operation.Hon on Ltiac Harlem railroad from WilLanubridgc to New York.that a m m who bas come so far at bis own expense should cot be allowed to pursue the plan he ttdok« tost suitable to enable hioa te aocomplUh the job he has un- dertaken. Heenan returned to tiia training quarters oa Thursday His colors are red, wLite and bloc borders, surrounded by the tiurteen stars, and bearing the motto, "May the best man win." Ttifty mxy ba had on tbe usual terms or Nat L&ngkan}, Cambrian, Castle street,Court of New York. mate friends could rind biro. This system of persecution By Mr. MnaxR—To establish a State Normal School at is too bad, and w e appeal to trie sporting public to ro Buffalo. strain their curiosity unti tLo great event ciinsj ot!', w k nBy Mr Mnt.ntmi—-To compel the New York and New every opportunity will oe anorded of scaualog the pro-Tbe privilege of the floor was extended to Major Gene- ral WoolTbe House agreed to held evening sessions on every day except Saturday.LATTER TO AMERICA, ETC.• •1".:•'- i.,,.,1 • .Itlll...ring of Esgtenl and America increases in intensity a* theheavy winds and bead eeas the entire passage.The following rf the specie hat of the North Star:-Wm. Heller ft On. $13,600 J. Hecth h Bros... $:.7G0 J Strauss,Brcskto. 36,C00 Bailer A lauder .... 29.MOMr. H »*»io*n reported favorably pa the bill to protect occurred in his district. Tbe latter expression evidently prccced to Pacama, touching at CaUao snd Onayaquil.boarding bouse keepers.Mr. LATBKSCE endeavored to get ia t*ro more city ra.1-road bills, out leave was refused.A s s e m b l y .AU'.AST. March 16. i860.Mr. FI-*GLEB fiop.) reported the annual appropriation bill of salaries and expenses of State officers. Tud fo! lowing apprcpriatioBS, amongst others, were made :—Toto substantiate the grave charges he has made againstChief JieUce Temple and- Mr. Hodge. He leaves veryunexpectedly, and probably very fortunately for him, ashe is under the innuvace of a bad adviser, who would presented. The grist for the Albany legislative mill Li, ry for public oftlotfi and Clerk or tho legislature, matters, having never seen a prize fight before he was cnatges are lounded on the followingfacts:—Tho staking of the third aeposit of $250 a side in t h s great match took place at Xat lacghanas, the Cam' rianThe Levant to at Realejo, and the St. Marys on her way here from Acapulco.Tbe : editor then comax-nts on the contradiction ofThefollowmgmembersweroannoun-ywlasaOrnding Wilkc8SpiritofthtTime,tiHeanan'sstatementUm'h!s with patrioticemotions swelling th'rfc,a"c.Water street, to Whitehall, along South to Oocntics slip, alorn Coentits sup to Front street—making a railroad all around the city.We shall yet have one or two interesting chapters in the city railroad warfare, or else I aia no judge of the ap- pearance of the different armies hero. The two Senate bills are said to be backed by a party standing between the two fires of the great armies. They may allMr. Russell were, that there was illegal voting on the dayof the clecdon; that twenty five persons voted wheaenames were not registore 1 in the disirict; that the Inspcctois c* Lection aero engaged in dnukrng Intoxica'ingLquor8onthedayofelection,&c.Tliese.chargesweremeton the grounds that they were not ol sufficiont importancesignature to well known as a ' shyster" about the ed for the present. This is the bill which 1 noticed early to eflect the result of the election, and that the charges eamistly hoped that 'the best man might win It. ' He mate ot the bark Henry Warn EG. rcterrcd to to my lit- B?,i:i:*tindividualslorfrauds:nek-ctioneeringshouldnot wasreadytolay£500toJilOOontheright,anda'tboogh terofthe&ihinst.,tookplacebeforetoe toiled Sittesmc'uili.Spring.month, or $£,5£) a year—each suit of rooms being oc-—1rt4n.i-t.lr, fr !,._*)8TATB O P PTBLIO FRBUieS IN KNOLAND—TBS BSNICIA EOT ATAl'BIZEEIOBT—BIB TRAIMKG PXBPABATIOK—^^^^^^^^^^^^^wii^^iii^" ^W^^^B^^i^»iES^SW^ ^ V •^S^^^^B|SBBSB^BSBB'Tee committee next took up the case of Peter Mitchelland John Russell, lb the Eighth district. Mr. Hall also Tbe English champion took a benetit at toe St. Georga ThtMurfcr or Board the It'TJ/J/ Wairen$—Pa4-tic%tlo.Tt <./Arrivals Asriswiu-BteaaefclpRorthStar—MJeffersonandlady,Dri <. uasmhiAa Baa a Bauer, O • Wheeler. A Moaell MClama a d ARRIVALS.atyhewas,1understand,placedunderchargeofoneof pica.MCoaceraadlady.JSimonaadlady.OastJMHunt ryingfromsixtofourtotwotopee.Thereisnotmuch ^Sr-^^ieftte testimonialtoO-Dosnellareandlady,WBHoaweJl.AJhbeapardawltodv,• 8Re>cold, nl&a^S^eXffa not towi thantwelveandanaif the sergeants from tbo Fourth ward, and imme- wife and dar.cbter; Mrs Douglas aad child, Mrs Biaeo, Mrs money invested at that price, as the American has notbopsofbamgdischarged;butallandshownallthedifiercntapartmentsofthatSGeorse,JDavto.Ar.JUDavto,JPriehard,JChkharti,Si greedilysnappedup.Morriscey,wbohasbackedtbe nebaadrefthe-Voluntaries'serenadedtheCap-thai they bid babies taining the Ukencasesof thew rogues,andbow they had to tea months old, in Iterates them sometimes wtth pacing s placard on their en them and 1st backs and march them through the st-tcta, where every-body would tee them. After receiving full explanation of tjOftU this portion of the city government, he was Invited to she bad only take a stroll through the Fourth ward. Bat Ibis the Hon- .resided Last. otebte Senator decnaed; he had seen enough in the Rogues' 1 sick child, Gallery to satisfy him that they nested a new police bill, to order to aad preferred going to iht> Ctatiald'aik, than to be seenhad not eaten ad through the streets b r a poBcetnaai and off they start proved ed tor the Park—the Senator expressing himself sor is for the new police bill that they concluded to tot eff,andbroughthimtothedepotandpackedhimoffweoud eabm,iSttosteerage.Voarmx, Ac-Steamship Torktown—R J Weeks. W Ho: e, ODWeoBej'&lte UoseeHJ, Mrs BeMen, R C Mead. J Ceedh)?ton u O Wtojoo and lady. Mrs I^vri* Parrish R J Plaae. Joe Meade, 6 Hodges, Mrs OanUl, tors Sengaenem, and 12 a the steerage.snd was willing to go on to $10,000 more at the same rate.He is confident In the power of tbegaiant little Sayers to"take down" the gigantic Boy of Benicia. Should he bewrong in his opinion, and the Boy should prove the victor.Morrksey fully purposes challenging him l a the ring, andfighting him for ibe English, as be has already done «»•' »re required to be forthwith removed. There was a re- the American championship. He is confidenttojbtolaOilU- port two or three years ago that tbto was lobe done, butJack Hamilton, who trainee Mortis-ey for his figt'. with the Btnicia Boy, acted as tne master of toe ceremonies, and introduced Sayers to the audience. The latter showed his champion*belt and cup, and in the coarse of a few re marks auoressed to the company, stated that hewas shot tly to contend again lor that identical beit, and heof VilunUo'furNf the case olcf the sailor named George Eilis. waokii'ed the second1.•PRICE ABBIVALVffTEEWfBBEEL8TAS.proves that there does not e\iat the slightest intention tointerfere with the match as long as it does not take pia^ewithinthe metropolitan dlatrict—a locality,byetheby,which the promoters of the match never contemplatedselecting for the scene ef the fight. In fact, the place israrely appointed or named until a day or two before '.hefight,andittoscarcelyprobablethattitlepoboywillhave Inquiryisnowinsessiontetestthevalidityoftbecoun-universally understood, that should he prove the wiamcrof tho coming fight he ie to receive a sovereign ($6) Torthe color, it be to beaten be is not entitled to anything at all.Some men, who like Sayers are very popular, can easilydispose of from Dye hundred to a tiiouaand color? on a fight, Oat warm work w a s shortly anticipated. The city was, thus leaving him a very handsome margin of profit if hesuccessful tourney, pay him for his colors at the same rate as if be had been the victor, thus affording a power- ful incentive to the pugilistic aspirant to do his utmost to win.ed, and those engaged in it placed out rf barms *»7« *»^aanaxno^sassfahlp. James a'dgar-M C Greene, 8 ty to whip Heeaaa again, sad in aatt-jpettoaal.iaviag the it is only now carried toss execution.chancol be has sent oyer a'i bis training cIcttJiBg, a n , as well as hto trainer (Lawrence), to be prepared in everyTbe Bight Beverend tbe Bishop of tbto diocese to on s pastoral visit le Cardeaaa.%Sna?finh.uU?pro»r^ HorrtomytoireturnwithBatbesea.MbsGrs LMrsWild.OeoCbtokertBgandlsay, himtoAmeriea,wfc&erbetosu«reeafuiornotinhtoen- totb«cUy;andtttoastetoedraa»toiioontobeprodt:edMnfiarmc.ft1FbBiasl^WellMita •,BHTuesaar,MntoW»elfl\>ln counterwiththe'BentotoBoy,sothattoo„"ianeyMofthis atcneofOtetbeatresbare _and tody. J L CuWng, P Wolf,^oeforAlbany,satisfiedthathewassoundontheBelgartTboaLang_BB.Baseitine,BWColeman,ftWStvwillthissummerbareanopportimRitiseeingths AltbettmeoftbebtrthofthePrinoeofAstevtos,thegoose,andbadbeenfixedwtthbutlittleeffort.Nodoubt Barrto,TJt.rrDa DCornwallBobtHardy,JaaUavi*at 7^rhobesheldtbecbampionanlpofEngland.officersoftbeSpanisharmymtoUtolaaddepositeda>arge amount ihey Bubscribed in the Spaatoh l~at SB BBlersM eff three per cent perashe was pleased with the city, as be seems desirous to have a finger in thsVaflroed*. I send you a copy of the bill as it new stands, wtth all the nmdtncaUons of the commutes, abaft the LegiiOatare arc expected to make alawThe Tolling bflpwas onder cosslrteritttoft to the Senate(fete mornminxgr. ana there was a strong debate upon tt morning amendmentwtsaBanMw.liA atdettblHB Sawual btatn.Untitled Document' tbaasa jabsltem. story Bars Morgan, 8 B LoaesburyA J McUrtde, Mrs Krafttilto.the itewage., Hunts Hie- Urtffln Oeaaiage, B f laFate. C ti Norton. Siphon* story, I- WSHarn,Mrfiurtit, Jr%nauel. W P-vaalsefl, SAOardcer.Jr, JamesBr Sprtag, Mrs Felldmann.. Boasake-BPCrnder. J Beed, O F aed tateeckudree. M 8 t ^ aad ehttl.Cowrt Calendar—Th la D a y .&•rasas CorHT—Circuit—Par? 1—Nee 2181.MM. tntendedtosuccortbepooraad orphanoriPTlppenber. I.Wtodel, _ IrmBaaeer. MBuwsaU.Jl*fo, 144$. 1*71. SOS*. 1391. 1634, 1«4». 2221. 3332, T R Howland. B U Cwrath, U W $088 23o7j»', 8040, 3653, 2043, 4061, 3488. Part 2 —cersintbeBBtbtoB?basptoatosfSpetow ^^^^^ . Tbe amoutt, w!to\h7later«st,W)«^^L0 **/^'^ thousand OOHS'TB, and u has been ^ f " ^ ^ wTbte tt l e w s dsfrsytog tbe cost of toe war witn Ktheexpesse neeeaarfly iaearre: ""*•» **\LI"iv^-i>-r thatao BBwetomBUVataseis. u^> unci doABWArds.rre^tto conucue wfftout any imForemeat te rate*./ . Emsteto A Bros.. NeustadterOn the 26th tilt. TL B. M. steamer Py lades came in w .tuMazatiau dates of the 4th, but with no important newscf Ike Champion—LaYge Shipment iff SUrr toFor the past two days we have bad frequent showersi>e Quarrel—Ihe .Prucne/ f> be Stmt to Pleto Yurf:—Af- \ fuirs in Jf^tce— Tltt O'Pkrunal I'Uimcnial—A I'ljmy/make him let go bis bold of the second mate, sad be (the first mate) also received a severe wound at tbe hands oi the prisoner, which fans •seed the life of tbe first mate in great danger. Oocsul General Helm remanded the pri- soner back t o jail, t o await the earliest opportunity or being sent back to the port whence the Henry Warrens Bailed (New York) for trial.The '•Taking ti Tetass'1 a s s been drsaatised by a youagSpantofa«aibsrMMIJ ArtBrtoj.deZona,ruideni Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 