 .t^.ji^fMii^'AaCaMai-lMniae|',i[limitations were intendedample." ingmaythe manifest mean-or ina redin the faceof a torkey,waygar. He eats with his knife, sits on the edgeanyduty of society to protect itself aud its several There could hardly be a better argument inwell as of the selfish party hacks who consider••rfmiii*''^a^iifBfSayees'face,sacrament,synchro-to everyofifendin^ paragraphdoubtadlyheraldsthe comu-g"*,\7* „-*^Ba^Bntiatin its con- fi>r remembering the spirit more soourately movement, wofe n several very Important-Ai'J^um.UmmfJtMOtx— Halcyon days, thoae, tor tlie bandfol of uati' mankiad;"sapidliAioa ftrtMriBflfLU anywe pTOBfrtJy oorteetedl Bat swept elect, aad not on tbe Olnrter under which they OMpBnMogaasthsr.Uayeaia icoger, at least. On March 8 an has either beenof guilty grossmisconduct in— them as Congress printMi hea8ed fey two CotoneU inthe (7a- S'itattd Arky. oecnQsd^bat It amonnted to little,TM l«^Mal ai a lilibis relations with Uie other sex, or has beenso despised by the objects of lus admirationthat "licentiousness manifestly means poly- "Trustees to remove them if they did. veryremovatearetheresultoftheeoaftetofmMk the future policy of Buenosnorbook the of recognizes religious designationthe day as the "Sabbath;" it is always de- godpublic opin-alwaysUttsday waa the receipt of a commarTtcation ;it were better far he had been manied. If he be still uimiarTied, his license, most likely,that aIka Postmaster-General, annouDcini; that Ur.J defalcation in the New-Yotk Po»t-office-was known to the Department fur the first time on-'ghO ItKfa of Hay, and ttiat he had no reason to be- 'isiu thelarge sh^l**''Of*b that aii; knowledge of the defalcation existedi Mi"M^thatitay. The actual deficit in Mr. Fow- which it will not saSer in the White House.as a " civil bath, or attempt to guard it from invasion.liant scheme"' by which he expects to seeIsession wasmostlyV amoutt* to $156,664. Some littleBis manners and style of living undergo asopin- our oneweetealad in the month of detri- April,hopeinstinct of removal from the Chamherlaincy, The Su- for the U. S. Senate. We have no "heart per-,_^ IL~lb"l(i(i WtgnMM, but bis accouQta were bal-arigid scrutinyas his morals and antecedents.of Mr. Sioct's preme Cotttt is the proper place to discuss thepoint fectly at rest.this case, and its toleration the Board at byEducaticm. We must either hsve men who rise, in character aod«aodnct, share thetevala most eauaiaisstie m- ytrigha a Bepobliean laiifieationlarfjieraofbeled with the names of divers follies or faultsqnestioo being of the statutes, andspirit1Iwe shaft not do with it as*Mr. Obixlet diders and legal interpreters as it most be to al| dicial decisions to the effect that " the with one or two speeches which he failed to and refused to pay those teachers who weratTT II111II M!«fei ifaaH «e •r 9mm0mf Xaw^Mi* Hie OciMaawiihootii>oehch8n»e<ndatakcs* auake^i^^f^soSdeiitbe'dle U reeott,fliat the oDsacceaafal oandf-Saturday.Ii;|I'' 'lata Commander-in-Chief, against case he is to be execrated, and in the other II waa tbeagfat that his election wouldcontemned. Even if he is a married man,speeches which he would have made if be could onlyhsi»s abouttomeet,were toalact a Oo»«niot,th> prominent candidate be-and that therefore Sunday The- have got a chance. We shall he most happyTbesei|;Iright,beingcarries him toon the same conditions.We ourt'tfM Anwar's office to the Slat of Decem- II he be a plain m&n, unused to the air ofCivilizedunder the~'"Mm'tion,purpose.eo^klenee in him was again re- fer the subsequent quarter ItU Ae beginning of the presentsalons, it is discovered that a certain familiar'society, actingself-preservation, and hedged about by tbe ne- cessities of our physical, social aud moral being, must have rest from toilaspirations"We hold .in office now of^tfliea-'flie &ct of the great defalcation proper discharge_j be concealed. The bill relating to and that his hearing is gauche, tiis figure un-laa waa amended in the Senate by be- and his Mowiag OH ua President the appolotraeDt of the gainly,;in judgment gettinga iMtotatum waa offered 'of the uses of a cambric handkerchief.Negroes, Bacon, Flear, Com, Oroeatteajke. , TaluaDlenegtoealor easaorontlme. tofttttodtla choice bacon, incloalng sloes, tboslden aaa asMS>A«a to withbcdd theweor the Mohammedan, or thepayment pqraohad niglectea to reportaccept, not theMormon, Charier which entitles an officer to due notice without the slightest apprehension of rivalryhams.*'It is not often that we see the nsrasaaitsa matIPhiladelphiameeting withwhatstomachitmay.marriage,oath, —peculiar dayhim proved before removal, is a sham andf#laoauandBaKLU. ItwasHappyvestigation confined to.. IaOeii'ded, several hnndreda. una-hisowncivilnecessities. Here,then,isfurnishedus"each otber'a sfaoolders," inclnd-passed. inatmctiogofGseclet mayity within that direction. which .suits us perfectly,—whichand WardV;cent. ;cloaed 109|. Money very eaay. j Cotton was inactive at onchanj^d figorea. Floor Iwa« in fair rrqueat and pricn were anatalned. Spring Wheat waa in tively demand at riabtg qoo-ti«l 824upthaA'wMtr* Xi^f, from Aapinwall on tbe promotion, does not lakor in his vocation with tlonal one, may be based. In Art I., See. 3, lellgloaiformant'' is probably a purely mythical person-_^ ^_tythe •rarland telegraph and ladieaui anythingWhen they rest firom their labors on electionthepeace or tafttf <f tkt StaU.' This cUtise shewsfAk tka mail* and treaaare, which left Ban half (he zeal and"added: 'Bat the liberty of eonsciesee hereby se- be so construed as to excose act* of licentious-cured shall not be lo construed as to taciue acts ness," says the Constitntion. True,ot thein bad resonrces anyM1^"^i^hi, 4iift»iaXm-Gnaadaenergy politiciaas patfith laaL, artiTfld at ihia port on Press and ^rOUifonilaadvlcealuve didateoftheforth opposite party.againstthe can-quite desirable to fatiier more It directly.tepaaleoLhe continuea to one \centtoveny which has iIBanborg aerew-steam^p &>«rM, Capt.-^i^ this general social orderrefers to plainly only po-daylight.whole argument in a single definition, to thisthorns ;of in connection withl &»harf on the 8th inst., and Sonth- ,Mlllical and civil institutions; not at all to conventionalother is post,'any to throw Hobace intoquiteIhtheBtateofBuena-that liberty of conscienee Is not to be limited Inhe- renevedthSaWWMfi- itt^mtHtmm^vmvia^J-byAMiiandu officer in hia own bis ixiends who still adhere to him may be re-any for If oilierfor ex-ina live coal on a mud-turUe'sMiad. Moeounu nouins in a lied on' for life that ;itated. Furthermore, this 'to one familiar wiihthegobbler. Ihey delight in the lively effectthese little experiments are sure to prodnee. The mention of H. J. Batmovd in connection(whoa^htftUfxM, tkreatoidok, nnleaa the obaoz- himvery facethat theresult is om sT the••• atniugiliwilng ita mOitaiy aim in flir c^ntlct, the iies of cooceaaian towith anoffice, has a similar influence upon Mr.flara. Blu coal ia to be discbarg^ will go imaiediateiy into dock fortBBdRpaiiB."^ """" will see that suchant," who was expected to elect -a packedy|hiaiin»A|»aweteamthat affairs ttiere ';.law can be contested, and may it be contested withwater or the man who ofi'ered to revolutionize[aUlljBgfe eoaapUcated, and that thelighttheoryary and Constitutional thunder against prac- all Europe, convert England into s puretJ^es more common, if more decent, than Democracy and make Boolk a Turk-l^>Ugrossly sinning sbamefoUy January, ill-used his adversary, or his adversary gaveWeliave translated enoughfairlytotmfold— contemporary viewstrol over them, and has power to preveat i»>justice on their part, by having in Us owabands, the payment of teBChera.thn8 empioffed.-to daclaie Caacs paidthenceforward, theyUberty conscience, which It defines, leaves every interpretation could be more absurd. Theoftiw ban« FedemI Goyemment, in the well merited thatoftut .Vrovioce ia no longer iso-appearseithermoving•ommoned in aotUagliad been (hae as late as March 28, the op-the views of our Germanclearly stated, and enforced with becoming ar-'tails, by the job or day,day, the defeated "standard bearer"in the first the mere &ct of Its place, byexistence,sition to our social order— polt/gamt/,weakness. Mischievous find boysmoved beesoaeback, cause tbe Trustees whohad bean acbed one sole himself with the reflection that those of otherway Uiaa the one mentioned here;Suchto aOerman mindhe :putting shakingany placehold in (he estjmsUon of his countrymen is un-perfectly free to rsocgidce the rellcloiu obllga. tlona of the Sabbath or not, jast as he may choose.of oar German commentator is as in- scnleusly superfluous as the most elaborate;exegesisassailable. Whatever is doubtful in his his-Wnga notUiit later from Central toiy ia cleared up. The various places in amy, fbr acts which"-^'^ fiaiof finalTy lepodSaied. Theof life, next to his own steady faiiuie, Constitution was' has been Mr. R.'3 occasional success, in whatprobabilitiesany-prescribeding the reading of the Bible ia theI'thatmisconductwasimpossible. Intheonetaken idea of tbe institutionitself,the relations gamy;Ayres.important circumstance in the Senate time was when he was not married, and whento withindiffisience the right regard!which the American public is not yet prepared to tolerate, andlengthsscribed as " the firstwill keep a sharp look out for the "bril-aristocratic life isessential to the'ftr schools, orthey mtistbe'Oa*- trolled by some general rules wbicb shsU 4otof the Presidential—pub- onable compensation, and in which we areP*[^'>'l lotoftheBo<. ia «*••• ?<*»-ted tbem away iroK^a • TheeiyofBdigkiiiiif»eed«n,alvajaao andthebaontaoftaigfa!ti^tiU"aotciMtad bf irig>rl*ian was not Te- 1880. What m*T be fat renoTal lasts. Inof the so-called * -t1 °f wh» ^MtgriiM.speaklag for progreas wdliberty when theyf*«^n,.total iMftM^^flriirOnaBMm Goaneil,mUr^^4<4(*^ toM^iwa notfaiac more to feai from Art. L, see 8 " The —and, "Sabbatarian" couldW^ laara ftm tte Weatera part of tUs state that Rimon, aaUaatad, aafqrl^sij'^ nti^rUMT i£t^M(K'tracted orer a whole lifetime ;of the acnitiny which, imder other clrcam- score otthe earth would be 'the fnlnes* thereof.tioDsand islatate wtio would go for blot. U It uadarstood that who areDevil's Advo- cate," who appears before the Sacred CollegeConstitation to tillsasBnt requite*were behind the sge heeabaeworthy is in contemplation, topeccadillo or shortcoming that can be raked in the holy man's career, against his claims toillustratingfollyever' Our in-and the tesoltothsaof coarse and vul- livinglectual and moral recreation; and it is the sion without the aid of tribunal whatever. entirely independent of partisan dictation, as leave everything to their caprice.The contrast between this uncouth boor and Jek-'il correctIt appears from them that the clause of the« mtit soaM modlfiration, it was FEBSOK and Madison is then pointed out, and the country left to ruminate on the pictureoft Hall, on Saturday night, to ratifyheld aof rest—tol confnsioo negroes, bacon, floor, and otheic' groceries. Tbe descendants of Horn, and extiais the candidate who finds the in-departedurge every Slaattstraogest"We don't believe thatwere -wantedduties,t^mmi^^^'?WS*T«^)B>»•'W:pS«9CPW:'^M.iJimP_!lJ|, '^y'iTIJ^''lSew^W^f^^cspUvaUag, has been nJhet bf •gnatonoibersiMar*i|ulst oo IgBotlng the real ohaxaoter and basis of theurge with veheihence theBoardofAldermen,wUhoatany oepMagtheobvlonsandimUbrm henceforthreceivenosaootionof can^,__,_^KHNUMlitr -oUnT th«n that which al«riyt at-tae«rt to the eiercie« of diacretiooair power. given byInterptiit^tlon have llule ootioB of the reaeh law,__j(D*tlrili fBHMtC Hr. Fj.&ti that in tkeir opiniononttical American andIts full applicaUon would send usiseqnrtfJmurr errota. In thTfaftuisdalf The Stock Market clo»ed dull on Batunjay,or ofdlscrimimatHig as to Ihdr prac-back to theCourts, operation,ithasbeenmaintained by bothbaibaiismofancient ism of ancient Home.aadTbe relatioas of theWards, will iviiisbi persons of sufficient char- acter to tbe GotstBueat to render s«li «eA- rinus scfaemes ss flist whieb Wood is now un-theirsupporteis, and rcoogDiked byof their dograi. mon Conscihnes to b« elected from separate ItGerman jonmals, trltbtn aMUtoarls. 843- Nothing new week, that the Sabbath is not a poUUtaO, nor modem honsehdd"^B *blng wfMtta <!»in piices. New-Tork Can-trsDW""" in Pacific M>U. Bxchange on London aoiTil, buta rcUgima lAsUtutton ;" and that and criminal Inatttationa ;liM make ,doeathat would bereaders trained in a Christian But Republic.this is not all. They involve also a radically mis-retainedwiththeoftosay,justas novel to its fram-securing ju-ideterredtromobeyingit bythe threstoftheJara Boaidat Sxaauners-inCbief, with ike consent£3f ISO Pnnaffi, instead of the Commissioner of Pat- of his chair at table, makes a hideous uproar memlieTS from disturbance and unusual tempt- favor of the utter annihilation of the whole publicmen made only fur the—Here is aMinor Topica.:"tea aaia.^^^'-special pu'pose Wo have no inten-thischange positionfrom an advertisementW&hUda alteratiun, the bill iwastakenon the Post-officepassed. No Appropri«tioa"end, needs and than these two expositions of the law furnish,of helping them into office.fragmentin a Georgia paperin taking his soup, brandishes the knife in hishand while conversing, and is utterly ignorai^t Society, cnaetiug laws tois the heador desire towhichappearsation to dissipation and vice on its day of rest.system of which"His Honorof theday week,com-MayortVood's New Crasade." institution that our laws relate to the Sab- ions " emanating from Messrs. O'Conor andmonlySunday."It issolelyWein another column twocalled'' publishtime for tbetonching them andpaysareas-grog-shop Trustees ofHonor'srepose of the body; opportunities of intel- lishing them, the public can come to a conclu-ofpMiM*Ift|ffe*e«AThose who hastily Imagine tkat they Bi».^lx«pMaife#<«id ud that U thethai... BBU1I80*, in tbs disemion of lawa protecting the SaUMth. Instead i>f ac- customs rooted In the ChrisUaa element faiust sman BmM elected iivai .l|Ni *rhoie Otty. Hogrounds, be excluded from office ^:beenalmostmrfTetsallybasedonthefirstclauseof allkinds,wouldhavenowarrantforttae'inter-ttecbry.lii^tKd, or malice of hia enemiee. of joyment of religious professions and worahip,And in constltttatlenat.objeetionabaaoriiillymlarepreaonted.point;Legjsl*-lltfle sitrpriaM ts! afMi fkflooodnoit MAeieaify'iwMia*tomakesrenotforfree exercise and en- miaaloh of their huaineas on the Sabbathpara-noi;2dk|-^Xea.[B»aide^o«e, in the tiuree or four moaths without discrimination or preference, shall for' Accept a position of public responsibility. psepuiBg te I^(leot]oatoflMU.8.««naAria;tM»l.» tKam-ever be allowed in this State to alla^tafs Is lUrah parpees ts nitre.^'taken special pains to qualify l^BSMpI,^—wilhout any reference to the concludingext, and who has declued UsOtir Informant was approachsd aam» six waakadliwlwliig prtiUe tehchen, «tofor their dtitlea, who have perforaed with consdentiotis fidelity andclamor now for nullifies every claim for Sunday license anthe' official stations in the country would bo inhavedauae of the same section, which, of itself,"ago as«lia- ta7 seenrlBg the choice of taiembers of the Lag-freedom. One honorable their exception to this rule we find in the able teaderpoesession ;theirs,esUrely dependent ape* 4 living, most be expeoled to doak thefcjgentrytcheaeauqrbeaxpeeted for Hob. Mr. preving, h»- the^ ft^religiousMr.R.wsnttoCUda«a In order not only to employ his own powtrfol inflnenoe towards Mr. Bawaaa's ex-of the Stouts Zeitung ofa reeent date and this ;The doctrine of the StoatsZeitung, thatto sigaalise Us own ra-lags under wbstever pretestcourse, therefore,I^U eta^dectfon, that thorough and searching exami- nation which wonid other irisc have been pro-staooea, wotild not reach anybody oatside a small eirde of cariooa or malignant gosdpa, isbat alsospread before the eyes of an entire natioo. Aa leader is worthy of examination, both as a "the Sabbath ia not a civil Institution," being tnm to the bceom of the Beoablicaa Party by aa mostpiMisible. One of them hss liUted iae*.<between the nomination and theplace of Mr. Snriis, who** .tarapeeiedBoalnatlaB,inyestigatlonsotrying,it maysafelybesaid, elaboraterpeechinfitvorofOutgentJemtasoasoo bntprijiili^ i* hano bmnan being ia on any other occasion ever relation to the conflict of thecalled upon to nsdergo. Theat Borne, when the canonization of a'*Sunday with a recent law of tUs State.3, qneation disappear.having nafoitonately failed, some other britliast.After the scoutingdoctrine " ofofthe Constttution itselfR.'s earnest devotion lo th* pilaciples of that party whichconse lodependeat, ptA becanse flialrsubmissiontheofother correspondea*teaohei*towilloutjorities,"thethe political iiutraments,byous falsehoods by showing that tbey wsM rtBepublicanexpoaition attention,Is lo be likely" Zeitung proceedsOar Constltntion contains a passage on which theanybody Hr Gbxxuct any such information.gave Onr:contest against tbe Suaday law, as an tmcenstlta-which the American liberty Is sancUoaed, and the fbUowing clause Dictionary. Liberty of conscience sliali not od of bringing forward a sinr which it was notm^ except their fnU^ sioo. Slid that, in soau instances, teaehem were brooght from other Wards to fit ibgfcplaces.The simple tnitii is, these teseheia i«. wer*whenever honors arelanguage, laws, or customs of this country noaresincere andtiie CatboUc fidth.fmitaoftba aectarlaadistracted the Board of fUtnmtkm year or two, and which bUa Mr.may con-great sporttheywere a^ Pntosiasts,asclerk are discoveredtioe, and the state of the till in each of them athis departure ia no longer left in doubt. All theoldbillsbehaseverleftnnpaid,ifanyarein .permittedunderthe.pretenceofreli_giousliberty,—and the mere hint that he is spolunbeyondcavilorques- for Instuoe, monarchical conspiracies. Thesewhich are contrary to the general social order, as It'' 'By acts of llcentioasness manlfsatly are meant actsmagnetismon the' the peace and safety of the State,' political Intrigues of aEcertaised. Thestoresinwhichheserved religionssectsaremeant,inotderthatreligloaslib-Iforce of text. a^ScriptureouslyeflUmy af fta ayatasI|existsevery dsy,andsotonSuaday alone,ways,employedIn WardsItf UemXUmnuMt or.Jutti/t fraetica mamnttnt vbM"possible, indeed,thatsomebody has beenthey dauw, batarians may rest, bears oa itswould kare been on wbieh the ' Sab-ragtheir places either {<u relatives,are fotfaiddea by iawto appoint,) or CarleaetanThe"by the arrival of the 'Perria, treatment of the tailors or bootmakers which labor at niglit shall bafoibtdden to alults; Now decorum. The licentiou9neaa of authors Isamnrring apasms of their Tbe Tmstees of flte pseltioa.ShebraoghtSICpassen-supplied acoavantioDalusage,aadaprettyqossmonone.LtcianousMSS.ExcessiveIndolganceofliberty;]telagtaphle adncea vid Qneens- Xitlt.I,justlypolicy, by settingthe sake of the schools of theof his yonth is then sure to be State* 6igate Niagarm, which re- averged as far as exposure can avenge it CH(mMJay,onaceonntofhaving Hisinjuredwasherwomanrisesfromthemistifc, ywtei^y went to her anchorage of years, and is made to confront Mm with ademned, glous instltntion.' Its observance Is a coa^ventlooal by law. *very badly sold. Mr. Batmohd's " friends " are not eit-iXtf,«•'the Sabbath Is not a poUtleal nor a ctvll, bnt a relithe t*c«ntiousit<s« of the Press isassurance that he has been againusage of leveral religious sects. To deviate from tblsusagefalls,therefore,'withintheprorioceofre- liglcns liberty, and the Legislature has no right towill aotsnceeed. Licentiefumtuistingodoff»olt.'—Plata." gagedinanysnchdiabolicalconspiracyas TheBoardofEducationhtitslaatithings, cannot beprocurementof office.their employment.been TrusteesareFrotntanto,aadfohas ever been eriaced te xenm\ long as tiiey performed saflaftcioiflyAe ithe Zeitung ; bnt by acts of licentiouaness are manifestly meant customs ia direct oppo-Gkeklxt. It works like directly bottile to social order; the practice of pelyg; escape of Dr. Padlcs himself from the plain nerves of a dead frog. ThePolygamy was un- known in the State when theEnglish dictionary would have tnmed the con- stitutional dreams of the Zeitung at once intothem unsettled are called for andad other intelUgeoce has with befitting solemnity. Any unhandsooie Bnt has say Legislature the right to pass a law by contempt of tbe just restraints of law, morality and%a<tera cout of Booth America. IT Wwtmiau; had been If aid oar lOiSater, Kr. Clat. in ia the eaae of the shipa and ISitrgiana. The Pmehatan OD the 16th inst for Fblladel- ibaSaivM was at Aspin-existence, come once more to light, and area^aUlh, arrived at thia port at 2 o'chick carefully audited, and Us reasons for leaving tisages. To work by day and Bleep by ntgtit Is such effectwhich be passed his earlier years are all wellijexample. ByendangerObxxlet'serty may not be perverted to sheltsr high treason, as,;as it is now, unlessperhapsin somethe formerregardsas the end and aim ofviewSabbath is not a civil iastitutioa make in ;"aloneof which are under discussion. •' The Sabbath," atre.s may be lawfully opened in \ew-Tork, in to see tne party to " the principles of whichpolitical,^civil,but—than we have tohasnoobjections fruits of ite own injustice.the face of law and in defiance ofbeen/or wc have no morewe are tuld, '- is not aa religious institution." So far is this from ionthe truth, that no Sunday law on our statute- be a fresh demonsmition of Plato's neat theo- to being in the majority, provided that majoritywelogical definition,net result will;probably that " Licentiousness is theopine the^nly of fools."thequestion of then- soundness bnt ;°'BnoKSOK, touchingvahditythismust have some moral basis of these as ofand its—T.r!tjfilL*M'** *' ' wars Seultor mother and sisters are not before tbe laws, without raising the question of religions Moreover, the limitation on their discretionary a veteran as Gen. Webb. It seems much under the disadvantage of being unable to procnie^latmn Aporopiiationbill wasinasmuchI paeaidad. At Salem, Maaa., on riage does not undergo a thorough sifting, and views of all religious sects, solely to the do- £>ole force and sole object are to t'orap<-l these We bcjr him to understand, then, that insuUiug —The attempt of foreigners, geacnBy^iaI at Bstrisbofgh. Feim., at which or crimes; if theshrink from thewortbies. when they remove an officer, to epithets do not constitste tae bestpossible mastertheSoglishlangiuge,pio»aaindeedtobMheevery pot-house.jBNi^ which waa not largely attended, bat was ance ot such an ordeal as thisprize;requestjM iautly not wgnting in the elements of enthu- ya;andcitizensand ob--•«B*» Jtetbodietor his hide of rhinoceros thickness, daybymillion*ofourpopnlatioiL Bntitisnot combiningastheyhavedone in Stout'scase, hope—to convince him that he has made a mis-self especially upon his English, and dedarsftU M—ooday, and theI'leadmg of reports from Standingoustmarriage, over whose sanctities our laws their own creatures in their place, on the sole onre. The General will please understand, TRE BOTH WORLD HOrMlior of securing new buildings |;«pd Piitobnriih, and of estab-PusA 'Visra.'.Deieaates were ebosdit to arglvOoBvealkp. Tib other trsnsactiona*«»?,« T^*!!!! Th-tboU anbi^ow^,^ ana paStar fa ftithit "»<= "'^'" *">'age temptations tion that tbe aairower the field to uclous were sutIbr<^d to presentSociety ought to, ^^«ich i!2:deemtobe»ll^'SuSrwe add that we think there i* lUtie mayholders of these offices taxy any piece of a single individual, who used themtsat feetth* "^"^P""""'o gift,throe this shows the elfcat ot ;City ClS.^fi?"Jthatis notbotaim-feetmost rest npoB a diflferent basis. It is ^"*y» a'PretidebtislnominaUoii upon pbysiool giowtt||25Srffifiwsn e«wienrrinri?^ fof •auae," both'cient, for even p(y to assign.required,a-daysa[>ly'|ilxthequalificationssocial novv- than this,A month••hevalidityapparenUy presumptuous,. .:I Dteht,aluewliig for the aamepurpose hissister'swalk in lite is not canvassedin mainoftheindividualconscience.ing looks on the happy obsciuity he has quit-!80 Stn laasrto IS Num. Mof his father's mar-to Mr.,M>hald. Therewasnolackoftimmtwtlmi ia etiher inatanee. On Tuesday last'MV'^ a BepubUcao ratification meeting at St. has to be great to he worth the endur- also regarded by the great body of OlirisUan they arc the sole judges of its sufficiency.encouragingde-on the continent. TheIt is true, indeed, that this civil Sahbath isstate some reason or other for doing soand prelude to afor favor, or even to a pursuit of knowledge under diffietillfeiB.GeneralTB.whicn for some preceding days had who can sit under it through the hot Summer in this aspect of the aeawm that legal protec- to make a clean sweep of ev^ry office in the takehis accent and tbetheSlsve- t-ihe niembers very considerably, wasnate,from the jsutity ef and in nine cases out of ten such an which he has over itsConference,a "aq relipoos institution,"" willful and" moJicious falsehood is not aOur readers will see that if tiiis be law, itthe man's ambition has to be inordi- serrance cheerfully rendered to it as a sacred is in the power of the Mayor and ^Udcrmen, by good opciiing fur an argnment by which you€oinraittee on the Book Con- ted. His only consolation is that, when it is throw their protec^g egis, by prescribing the condition that they publish some excuse for therefore, that it is only because we are muchstdd, and his conditions of the civil contract and prohibiting doing so. Against tbe excuse being frivoloiis more forbearing and tolerant ttian other men, In thiscsites loddcrs wbiek winall over, as we haveer in New-York. Rev. friends greet him as usual, and Via wife infraction* of the seventh commandment, or abburd or a sham, as it is iu the present that we pay any attention whatever to tiie re- sola eauiig as i>.hSMaMI fromtbeIrish Con- l^^ result of the ef-tothe instance,wehavenoex-quest which he prefaces by such an imperti-nence.It seems that wecou—ntwiiblbseleiistsseeesaatr.alreadywalks out with him in tbe streets withoat while leaving its religions obligationsIfluieh in Ireland, wincing, and hotel-keepers receiTe him with- ctmacienee enlightened by the Christian cept the regard that Wood and his satellitest Irish delegates out ao the Sabbath lends its himianizlng, may entertain for public opinion. What this[^baaamlttedto murniuring, and his dog wags his tail in teacher,the old style when he comes home, he feels elevating influences to society, and asks from amounts to we all know;and we are per-sshavingrecently quoted threatened to "bolt tbe^ ignntill unpaid, his character it in return to secure Eoaded there are few persons who would like nomination in advance if Mr. Skwabd were and lat tS^Milai'lMrfiWL A to be safe as long as his life only protection enough hia tail for the edification of the spectators,S''!5ffi5*^«tMt««b|irgb, on Saturday, leUtmi usWhdlB plan of edwrnsn tor the mliastiyt»«resolotlitit. to Mr. BWRm*no its beneficent existence and perpetni^. to have t5 dependent on its efficacy. not nominated," whereas his real threat was then descended to the ground with the cUanmogly maKce of eneiiiies, or falsehood of friends, But i* either the Sabbath or marriage any We understand that BIr. Sroirr's removal is only to bolt in case the nominee should not be unconscious air of one who has sc.oiupUshoS ^:iPSt Onnal Aaaembly Presbyterian CS^n. ^n damage the reputation ot one who has the less a boon to tbe materi4l and temporal but the first step towards an object on which a •^re^eeentaUve of Bepublican ptincipias." something unprecedented and yet dcpjocoMjalasts. Kg Ubel, or slander, orgOEslp,hadand is stiU suffered to remain cause the one is reverenced by many Chris- that i* the appointment of bis own foUowers a somewhat lumbering piece fif prt^rtythrough a picsidential campaign as a interests of mankind In civUiMd society, be- "His Honor" has'tonghis heart set-fileof theCouriir and i'nywiner-rrWhicb is praise,—was the Holy See to ICstouritheAnnivereatli* at OInctenatl. closed which 4s laid to be one huge hard cicatrice, is nizes with the season set apart by the vast has the disburseraeut of large soms of money, was pecded : we must be excused, therefore, -At the Ohio Sunday School Ooaveatto^interest.U* fellow-creatures.tians as aand the otheroffice in the^ "*« «*•'«»« of the Home " 'S2SS, a '."^ r*"* not more proof ag^nst fibbing tlian the majority of Christians for worship?Would or tbe disposal of large"j^mBociety. i„ «idltion to the elecUon of of- nominee's fair fatai against the ordinary the Sabbath, as a matter of fact, be more of a trol. Shonld he prove successful in tkia coup, tiian the letter of the Geneisl's fulminatioos. Prom a report ot tne proceedings i«. dip s Jfnittan?sVl.a?s.t"l?J_"?J»«^hed evenio;attheChurch of thedays'a result which would inevita-ehUdren lor -Jw Salwalk Tbr rcsohifioo. We believe, was unanimouslydeuce of the Churclo" theis another for six days' payCity laqtector. According•«>to Mr. O'Co.voe, to Isngnage belongs pe- ir.fii o«airo'J''«<* ••^H*L°?".° and Ulaiepfn-pnblie question, which we will^not now fiiaooss.**» ''^Id fSfil^. of''T"''But bly flow from therepeal of such lawsin thisencounter, when one« tto grand struggle is tim prevented capitalists and employers from eatabli&h^d in the Street Commiesionership and speaking of the responsible editor" of a wtich is.:: :.That a eessBrtOaa ef ladles aad gaatte-over.What the effect Is on the—workmen into seven comptlliog theirtMi some still more pliant tool in the office of the newspaper, in, distinction from "his locum 'as follows K,»ftvrf(HteWotheMaySrSthitSS^,^m""""wed highestofficeinour themorecomlbrtabto theidlethroDgasetfreefromweekly,toil;Aldemten may agreej notto — soffi* A newspaperfieet.and the belterand our civilization, we shall be, when we ait down to meditate after the hattte is orer.satisfied,qoe*-;adupted.en^deraaiitof competitionItethe idea is not sttictiy otigiaaLor if the thousandtbe presentday be dismissed without a trial or a Clearing,coqidets in the £tct Mr. LiscoLB ia now said to staiui sixofioqifl^yinto pleasuresof those whom we run ift tte tiieir attractions unchecked before the eyes of or even notice, for an—y eanse the Mayor and dntved from them all his personal andor both with oandvM if no church-going bell made audible the appealof aimodred oongregatiofls to the conaeieneoand soU^ieapeet of immortal beings, and inyi-prononnceimportance. metropolitanetockiogUntitled Documentas, accordingO'Co.vor,itsta$k. roof.A fiiend, demand for justice. Accusing a person of lately retsmtd from Cuba, baa presented us with acard irsued by the enterpriiing proprietor of aa mtemational hoteL Tbe hotel keeper prides Urn-idioms,months,without now and then casting backlong- tion has been asked for or given to it. Like City, the present incumbents, and install exordinm would cut short the whole matter at been oiistaken for sn AmeneaM. thsi aidprinciple,allexists at preseaf.' (tjWi ^thf .yibaatntton of a of kUCharter which allow* the AMsimen aad' Oom- eretythlng sIMtHjAVa joanMdformedof the wilder Beer-Garden quarters. Any litical life, ^thepart HtaoBte,:enough ofconsternation.Wxbsteb, for example, explodes the*""which she has received oo compensation. AU t"^Sffi.u1y^u2i'a^-every other Sondsy law of the State as we have exposed would Legislature, most be either a wag of tiie first hands. It ia tme the Ward Trasteas arolong listof"pieces"-for the purification of'perversionsorganichis old quarrels see theonce more, and inall energy. Away with the Republican absolute, uncontrolled will of the majority.of theclothed with the of aial r^ power appointingmostot them he ilieCODveDtiontoexamine orgrosslyhumiliated. Heeitherteachers. But tbe Board holds oaa^Bta of the ConCederation absentiag themselves, him a handsome kicking which he never hadand in aorganizations arrayedThese the constitutionality of the Suaday Laws are speech which Mr. R. is nnderstood" toMewaMlngbut should a set of tbedignified temper.adtliority iB.esaOs of aowpre-a qnoniraof the Confederation provides fairs. Theto resent. Ills love affairs share gumentsIt has exercised thismuch more doubtful jiutice than th«t;"^^""itotbe UOBstitotion be agreedcouragesame fate withare thatbody who is nominated for the Presidencyviews embrace aican State Constitution theory, venture' Zeitung,-*'—for some other occasion. At allkeep" events—verynovelupon,ttenhi can bemadetill 1863, ikm aepsiation of tiia Provincef.tbehis businessaf-theorya we"jish bashaw of fifteenof thebring their author within the of Diction- scopeence we ahaold seareety have typssted at MSpolygamy.'If the Germanguarantee whatever,A hall has haea youngthe Pagan-Germany,our educational, buiaaoe veiling ImposaiMe of executiao.- If «ar ex- wbe* itnay,oarconunoa perencohastsogMos sayOiing,it is that wstheyanof'* tbepower subservient to thecompel every man to go to church on that day, away, and ofeighteen eentnriea of civilization are elected for honesty <nd effideacy in the sHglrtest n—SabbatariaoB intend to make the civil Church,outgrowth must andnpres-rely on the of Oiose whom duraoterand statute law*—theaad will soon sion of oar national U(ie—most all betaiioaa. Corn waa freely parcfaaaed at reduced or mulct Um in a penalQr lor \iAm disobedience." scarce a wreck be left behind. Jacobinical sdministrallon of flie rate*. More6nana8awaaapparentinthffmarkett« »ituuu t» fliBp.^for Provtaiona, though boalneas was not brisk. Klo Beams %>f paper hare been spoiled in France tried the experiment only to renonace Coffee waa actively songht after. Sugars aad aaaertiog the of aU together, in mingled rage and contempt, theCityGh>vemfflent.Balm for the Afflicted."uncotuHtulionalitf"Molasses attracted leas attention. Hay waa acaree such sUtutes. Were the laws what are Bevolulionary Calendar and the Bevolutiohary Grmlxt, In one of hU recent discooiws,Mr.sented no really featnrea. There were 483 represented to he, or were the Constitation the Guillotine. Observe, too, the partiality with speaks Uiat smaU class of persons who eos- whfaA the'and wanted. Other braochea of baaiiiess pre- fiey new^ofsider him a natural— jsil ifc lh» BeidofTrwleesofvesaeiaofallclasses'laport.l^ftaUMMs «t a G«B4Mate.whichasocietywitfaontaSabbathmustneedsidiot. Weagree wiU» theFdij*Wsid'Om of tiie adraatagea of competing for the Preddcnc;oftheUnited8tatea,eTeiiiffaUure ofihet,thewould and on aecesMrily,consolenttonayet; but if It does not rapidly aad In- largelyteaebMS orij,!might But in truth, both the laws and the C<matitntion havebe adnUniatered and raled.him InthteUng that thta class Uti^f real BMlsai ofTmntllated,pervertedthingtSalmed,therebegroundfor the clamorigainit both.Every Chriattansmall ascrease, ttwffl not be the fault of such hasbeen turea,conrts,cnstom-houaes,pobUcotBoMof graphsasthelollowinffromtheTribuneofsaysisamusing himself with the philosopher's special;whoequal right*, and no Sunday laws 1" All tbe oathesnbiect of forwarding Hr. Rit«o«b'ssectariansectarians,con- punishablea dUTerent Vsr example.lo test as his contractors might prefer. That " "of an Amer- guided by counsels like those of the Stoats have gone to Chicago to deKver, will probablyand if funds are raised aadlav^erssented. The Boarda rale <"fliskeepers onrpsilthtissaanyall other laws. In jVmericaPagan,hut the Christian code, with its institution ot and a hearing, and to have the charges against or molestation on omr part. Doder this com- Inxutiea of life jnndtied together ia more delight-itsand devotion less as religions rites than as delusion, and has no force, inasmuch as theandAldermenhavebtta. .orgwiivd a maethig in Be may thank bis stars if liis father and an adeqtiate basis for our existing Sunday in aU cases, without any trial whatever. reluctant to tender professional advice to such ing "aides." Tbe Northern housekeeper labor*.ndlife and works.We areBat the case requires it, and we shall notBaofc'liiliBaMMI IT of OUo. Hon. placedLnAMfmJlU JL Ovnr, of Iiviiana. eyes of an inquiring and anxious public, la- obligationand observance at all ;leftvery imposed by the word like teaching one's grandmother to suck eggs.this the letter andtocause," is in reality no Umitation wliatever,particu- power, supposed '•byin accordance with thelieMayorpowertoremove,ExrLiiKATOBT ASD PBorzsEioNA]..hsins," jostlingservants and sugar at the same establishmeat ; hOt it seems that at tbe South all the concomitanta^ef romfoit and housekeeping may be found nndar Sheand A;fa view sf the contemplated removMWCity Govenmient which not before us when"'every-dhy aspendooa which we all have to boon, if none of the restraints of law or cus- we may fairly look forward to seeing DitvLts One word further. The day has gone by for lotion <.a.r,d by an "'"P^^ '"*°« **^.^ " eminrntiyworthysfptabei., Itbwordedpatronage!aataalahiag Gen. Wkbb tives of Mheomi by extrsocdinary feats inthe the"theMudso( Hon.HaasrJ.donbt, bythesyaqiatUas of yonth, an eagagel u can offer siMald pmt thhtlpaei^,— hss not Tehta/ed to ^ttg» m. theatre the spidication of Article I, section of the asbehadbeeaiiombiat^ asaeaadldate. Thlsplaa Another said they were icnorad hasaa^^awapeciihen of German logic, and becaoae of its dismissed as unsound, ita propositions as toitsa moment'sof reckless dealing withdrawn up in a strange land and in a foreign language, without BO much aa resorting to aaUoaa tK<hihV>ui. exptodedsttthasalaees^a.age—introdneed merely as a convenient meth-yonng SBd In tlie ton vigor of Bfh ||m1po- His election as Lieutenant-Governor seems to have planted Mr. Gkiklxy's pillow with perennialNow we beg to comfort our neighbor by theWard seem disposed to loaagmrate a dtftieadLaw Is tbe god of wise menAccording to this definition, the Zeitung disturbs Mr. Gbeelkt's peace. " Onr inform- dismissed this matter wKh a degree <:theywe havestrongest :"" devoted," become theauthoritywhich thus arose. And the Board..standing griefto interiere with the the schools and ttie soooaas of•w?"*"^^fomsIt istiee. But nothing but confiiaion and mlfttathe sohool system can come from such aclta position on this subject signalized. But on as the Fourth Ward Trnsteea have taken la:he hasfr^aaailrtcnens." Such to awhose opinion we eamestiy invite attention, riod when jonmals existed only aa the month- School. ,thataimsatanythinghigher Iheie li bat oee remedy for this state of assumed to liave a "responsibleThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069waaIt b more rapid than ordinary guauo.he will set hisWe shall not stand ia his path—other; so that Mr.forfreely go in for any of tbe multitudinous politi- cal offices which smile so wooingly upon him,forting assurance, may he rest in peace!SB tbe isatrument of his caprices, and in turn—foor inchev In hUEditor,"i)"ofwbiehtbeyformaligious fldth of teachers has been no har totkire- Catholic teaehera hatre al-undoubtedly properauthority in regard to ttie management of theminoricyhope neighbor schools should be reserved to tbe local aathofi-estabUthmeoi set as Ih* 'BaMpjHHsMM*-na- way of climbing. It is said that he mounted tbe steep Chicago roof of a bam wlUi tiie agility of a cat, floorishodthis tlon U not utterly meaningless.Meia n :a^ BSasiKy www.fultonhistory.com 