 i3 isi ' i.1 5sible pirate a t sea, a positive brute on shore, com- manded too often, in the one case, by men who areI^_Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 130691W e ask the Republican country merchants of the Free States whether this state of facts does not devolveonthemanimperativeduty. Theywould81f*Yonkerp, Westchester County, yesterday elected herfirstRepublicanSupervisor,onthelargestvoteown words:" The wise Virginians anticipate this revolution••MARCH2 8 ,I860.JJnaiiusB Notices.CTDLDREN'S FANCY HA TS.In obedience to a growing demand cf a hijh order of PKXSS HATS VOR CHJLDRKIC,ire havejast opened* new, wVet. snd heattttfal assortment of recent ini(>otta««on ond mavnf»c«me, comprising every desirable description and patwirt, aod furtished In the most aporopriate man- ner. AleueiatassortmentofBots*andYorT«a*HATSand CATS,LAIMXS'RIBWO HAW,&C.fcc.W ARXOCX & C o., H atters, No. 519 Broadw*j, St. Nioholas HoteLWHAT ISIT?—Whatisitthatattractssomuch5-ibiic attention at 2so. '£\2 8ro vdway, corner of Kulton »t.? 'be beaattrol emporium of KNOX,'the celebrated Hatter, which now resembles the bails of tbe Alhaxubra, or the ina^ic palaceof Aladdin, rather than a list *tor». KNOX'S splendid assortment •f Sprtrp HATS and CA»*S oefy competition, and are certainlysoodels of elegance and taste, and matt t>eoouae very pepular.T H EC H x A r x 8 T andLAROSXT ENGRA VING XTKR P o s w s a s W for $ 1 .Let all weU-wi»h>r* of th*OOSFKVCACSKand Parents who desire to promoteTaxKxiaoiorsW»t,*AR« ofTHXIR FAJOJLHW,BUT the Great future 3 o fCHRISTAJIPHISAPOSTXR*.Shr N D A Y - S C H O O L 1 « I B R A R T . TRX WAY TO KAIK ONB.wo believe in ar.y history—a Rystematic effort is now in progress to divert cue>totn from some mer- chants ar,d give it to others by reason of their di- verse politics. Southern merchants a r e coaxed,;where we stood whcD the first Metropolitan Police bill was passed, and subject as to new miacbances and complications.and economical, a s i t will subserve the interacts of commerce at the same time that it advance* a charitable purpose—an opportunity to serve OtodW e propose to seU our besatiful JExuraring of ChristJand hisApostles to Sonday-8chools at a discount, so as to enable themi o ^ i l Y h e ^ «t tnVr^nlar retail price;' and wev have already DTS-PXPSIA, SCROKVLA, GRNBRAL "DKBILITT, NKRYOUS A F -tfound thai, in a school of a few scholars suffic.ent copies have been^solo,fromtkeprofitsofwhichhasbeenraiseda.largelibrary of books. ,«MUtrill insure«ixPictures,postageTree.i» oftVrlKg tWs work of art at $ 1 w e are convinced that it lawithinthereachofeveryMinisteroftheGospel. Twelve cents required to prepay. AddressDAYTON k. C o., AmericanandEuropeanEngraving"Warehouse,No. 87 Park row. New-York.A G A R D E N I N W I N T E Rcan be obtained by planting allthe choice Evergreens. PRVIT IN SVMMKR wfUgrowabundantlyonwelt-»vlecte<iandwellplantedfruittrees.KKCTIONS. TheP»RVYIANSYRI'P.orProtected SolutionofProtoxideofIron combined, sold wholenale and retail by the Proprietors,N. L. CLARK &OCo., No.429 Broadway,and b y all Druggists. APamphlet,ontheImportanceofironintheblood,hadonapplication.is established—a pecuniary reign of terror inaugu- rated—andtbo*ewhotherebydoubletheirbusiness andtheirprofits areexpected to contributetheir extrathousandstoforcetheelectionofaPro- Slavery President, and thus protract a terrorism atduced to show Washington's hostility to Slavery these offices directly to Mr. Wood, and making thCarolina that there would be ample accommoda- tionandhospitality.RECOVERYOFJUDGETANEY.JudgeTaneyhassufficiently recoveredtore- sume his seat in court.THE ADMISSION OF KANSAS.•lt>rhousesshouldnowbechosen.For Catalogues of all these, and every plant for the garden,vHamming GaugeL. M. SWGRR it. Co., No. 453 Broadway, N. Y.tbe best society of the American cities and States.lawn, or conservatory, apply at No. ?•Nassau nt . or to PARSON* & Co., Flusiinfj, L. I.FIRE-PROOF SAFES.HCDKON-?T.—Just received from auction, English Tapestry Republican State Convention ..STRACUBB, April18. Brussels, 7 / and 8 / ; Superfine Ingrain, I>, ^ S / 6 ; Elegant Ingrains,J A C K .8TXXS.SU ic MARTIN,No, 40MrRRAY-*T,N.Y.2ltyd3i, and3/6®4/;OilCloths,2/6ptrynrd;PaperHangings, «, large assortment. LANDON. NO. 374 Hudson, near King-st.TOCORRESPONDENTS.No notice can be taken of Anonymous Communications. What-ever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by tbe name and address of the writer—not necessarily for publica- tion, but as a guaranty for his goodfaith.W e cannot undertake to return rejected Communications Business letters for T im TRIBTJNX should In ail oases be ad-dressed to HORACX GRKXLRY &. Co.D. KIRBALI, N o . 17 Market-square, is our Agent for the sale of THK TRIBTJNXin PROVIDXNCX.Advertisements for this week's WEEKLY TRIBUNE mustbehandedinearlyTO-DAY.Tbe mails for Europe, by the steamship Asia, will close this mornirjg at 9£ o'clock.you not give this subject your earnest considera-tion ? . W e would gladly keep politics apart frombusiness; shall those who,forsordid gain,haveever cast a t any of her town meetings. The major- resolved that they shall not be thus severed be per- though an adored general had the courage to be a sin-SINGER'S SEWTNG-MACHINES.HoJ5»wing-MachibeHe. 1 Sewing-MachineThe Family Sewing-Machbie, A Th« Family 8ewtog-MjLchine.free principles ? If the owners and tenants of ourmarble palaces can by proscription and terrorismmonopolize the trade of the South, and thus affordto contribute their $2,500 and $5,000 to carryeach State Election for the Sham Democracy, whjrshall notour Republican merchants be made torealize that their principles, also are cherished byretailerswhoaredeterminedthatitshallnotberendered impossible for a Republican to live, even bosom of his family. While there, he con7erBedworldly possessions tied up in a red ootton hand- ject still under consideration, and will proba-longer, except upon the "boards," as the heroof Arizona. They intend, however, to assert theNo. 150Fuiton-st., Brooklyn.~ GROVER * BAKER'S NOISELESSFARII-Y SaWING-MACHlNBA. TRX BXST IN Uam.No. 495 Broadway, New-York. No. 18* Fulton-st., Brooklyn.8DJTGER'8 SEWING-MACHINES.AN ENTIRX NHW STYIX.PesUned 'o< all aianuf&ctoring purposes, noiseless la its opera-the country, and was invited by Washington toMount Vernon, where hepassed three days inthe in a straw hat, white frock, and a streaming blue tablished by law; thus controverting the assump-ttoo,v*ry rapid, andcapable of;every kindofwork. be*", machine ever produced. Price only $110.Itisthebone fluttering in the breeze, her baby in her arms,I.M.SINGXRk. Co.,No. 458 Broadway, N . Y ." F I N R L E <fc L Y O N ' S S E W T N G - M A C H I N E S r e c e i v e dity was about 100 in less than 1,200 votes.« ,cereRepublican. . . . Itisataskworthyofa mitted to profit by their proscription of your prin- soul eoelevated, so pure and so distinguished, to beginOur stock hasneverb«?enmorecompleteorattractivethanat present, and the prices have been fixed at the LOWXST PO&SIBI.X F1GCRK.E. V . HArGHWOt'T & CO.,Cor. o f Broadway and Broome-st.SPALDING'S PREPARED GLUE.UtfXFCX. IN XVXRY HOCHX.FOR SALX EVRRYWHKRX. Manofactnredby H.C.SFALDINOitC».,No.48Cedar-si.Foat-Office address, Box No. 3,600.J. R . BURDSALL'S ARNICA LSRIRRNTmeetingto-day,therebeingbarelya quorumpres- We have Brownsville advices to the 23d. A ries of. the Custom-House, Post-Office, Navy-Yard, Warville in the above.conversation was one of those ent. The present inclination is decidedly averse totrwtlnc vegetable oiL For alltbe ACBXSANDPAINSphcatioos. Beware of couuterfeits, and buy none but BCRD- tAXX'soriginal article. Sold by all druggisu. Price 25cINDIGO.Madras, Manilla, Caraccaa, and ail other kinds; a very large stock, of all prices and qualities, constantly on hand, and for sole, bythepackageorlessquantity,inlotstosuitpurchasers,VXRY iOW , by SCHIRPFRI-IN, UROTHXRS it Co.,Nos. HO and 172 VTUilam-st.GOLD, SILVER,ANDDIAMONDS,that human flash Is heir to, it i* without equaL RHXI-RATISH, BRCISXS, SPRAINS,$100 90 75 SO 4England, and America.The prisoners captured by the United States Gulf State Fair, ita., ice. Agents Wanted Office, No. 303 Broadway. been committed to the parish prison of that city.c i p l e s ? S h a l l t h e r e b e p e a c e o n l y b e c a u s e t h e Slavery men give all the blows and we merely taket h e r e v o l u t i o n i n V i r g i n i a , t o p r e p a r e t h e w a y f o r t h eemancipation of the negroes. Thisgreat man declaredJack by her side to watch the good ship as she heaves up over the horizon to welcome her sailor-boyNAVY-YARD EXTRAVAGANCE.the hixhe*t Medal at the Pair of the American Institute, with the highest PTemlom for tine Sewing-Machine work; also, higbrto me that he rejoiced at what waB doing in other est Pzemium at the Fair of the Franklin Institute, New-Jersey SquadroD, and conveyed to New-Orleans, have them ? Decide what is manly and just, and do it. States on this subject; that he sincerely desired the ex-The report of the Board of Officers appointed to heme again. Even the exaggerations of the Stage examine the Navy-Yards, exhibits flagrant abusesWHEELER<feWILSON'SSEWINGMACHINES.""Wepreferthemforfamilyuse."—[Tribune. " Thoy are the favorites for families.''—[Times.Office, No. 506 Broadway, New-York.EUREKA CELEBRATF.D SEWING-MACHINES.PRICK $50. WAKSANTUB TO GIVK SATISFACTION. PARTIXB NOT HAVINO Kri-i. A sovN r ACCOXMODATXD. Omcx No. •%&)BXOAUWAY.AGKjrrs WANTXD.—Liberal discount allowed. D. J.LXVY, Supt."WILDER's PATENTSALAMANDKK SAFR. QUIRK BROTHERS,N o . £t8 M a i d e n - l a n e , N . Y . Also, ten second-hand Safes FORSAna LOW.STARR'SChemically FroTpTwl OLVXFor Family UM*;25 cents per bottle, with Brush. F o x SALK EVRKYWUKRR.Msnafactnred and for Sale b y STASH Gxtrx Co.,No. 51 Liberty-si.PARTIES ABOUT KEFIITING THEIR HOUSES,AND THK PDBUC GRNBRALLY, are invited to examine our new and extensive Spring Stock ofPRXNCII CHINA UINNKK. TKA, and T o m a x &RT». OI.A8SWARR, SILVXR and PLATH© WARS,MIRRORS, BMONZRS and FANCY GOODS.("11 ANDv.UY.Ke. and GAS FIXTXHKS,suggestswhatwehavelost,whoisreplaoednowbya creature who is taken on board dead drunk by delphia. Several reforms connected with the Store-Bonghtfor cash, by GXOKOK C. ALLXN, NO. 415 Broadway, onedoor below Canal-st. Watches. Clocks, and Jewelry cleaned- the Senate, Mr. Fessenden of Me., by an amend- and repaired, In the best manner, by the finext LondonandGeneva wcikmeu.The President was greatly exercised on discover- ing recently that Hendrick B . Wright, one of his other sentence of M.deWarville's book, which Cept when the sails were bent foranother voyage, fuglemen in Pennsylvania, was here, treasonably to become the unresisting victims of a vicious sys- advocating the nomination of Mr. Douglas. His"STODART PIANOS."•TX9MJCNYnow at*Jo in the United States.W'axerooms, No. 501 Broadway.P ARKER BROS. LONDON CLUB SAUCE isjust thearticle long needed by the public, to take the place of the manyInferior sauces which have eDJoyed a monopoly and t>een soldatexorbitant prices. Superior aud cheaper to all others in use, thegreatsaleitisnowenjoying istbe besttest ofitsmeritsandpopularity. Soldbyallrespectablegrocers,andbyA.J.PAR- ing,wehave,fourdays'laterEuropeanintelligence.the last"century. Speaking of a member of Con- tem. If this isever to be remedied they must be friend, Mr. Montgomery, has also defaulted. Both 'NO. 15 Beekman-st.E. B . R .WHRN SJCK WHAT TO DO.The affairs of Italy and the annexation of Savpy to The bill to remodel the Board of Police Commis- " Slavery always use in America, in England, and FrancehadbeenfurtherdiscussedintheHouseof sionersandmakecertainotherchangesintheor- "inFrance." IfM.deWarvillewerealivenow,•rfmmWEDNESDA Y ,B&&&M w NEW-YORK DAIL Y TRIBUNE,J. R. STAFFORD'S OIIIYK TAR.A few drops on sugar taken two or three timea a day, togetherwithanexternalapplicationtothethroatoftheOI.IYKTAR,is boughtoftheproscribedandstigmatizedRepubli- likely,byaDemocraticPolicenextyearortheyear attended with the happiest reanlts. In Spasmodic Asthma, pur-suethesamecourseaaabove,atthesametimeinhalingthe cans.MerchantswhotakeandreadTHE TRIBUNEOmvR TAR through the Olive Tar Inhaler, and almost immedi- at their homes dare not let it be seen in their count-ate relief follows. In verification of the above, w e take pleasurein referring t o the Messrs. Lelnnd, Metropolitan Hotel. Sold b y ing-rooms; and if they should venture t o advertise hem?The National Democratic Committee do not ex-OLIYKTARCO.,NO.315Broa&way,at50centsperbottle,and by all Dmggist9.ALONE.initscolumns,such advertisementwouldbeusedasarreans ofscaring awaywhat is left oftheir WASHINGTON AN EMANCIPATIONIST.Another reamendment introduced for Mr. Wood'benefit strikes down thepresent Street Commis tion agreedtoadopt Charleston, it wasupontheIRON IN T H E BLOOD.HECKERS' FARINA JELLY, adelicious dessert, encesogainfulandsoshameful.and his desire for Emancipation, there is one piece oftestimony notvery wellknown, andwhichwe havenotseennoticedbytJhepress,butwhichisde- cisive of the question.incumbentsremovableatpleasure. CantheRe publican partysafelyundertake the responbibilit ofsuchnominationsashisHonortbeMayorwoul be likely, if not certain, to make ? L e t us fane tbeexcellentand serviceableCharleyDevlinagai placed a t the head of the Street Department, withand the best substitute for animsi food, enriches the tables of the Astor-House, and all the principal saloons. HxCKBR'sFariuu. Boilers, to prevent burning or soorching; Jelly Molds, of various sizes, forms and patterns: 'for Bale at the Establishment, No. 5 New Canal-st., near Eaut Broadway.iIt is furnished by M. de Warville, a dignified andrespectable French author and scholar of th e lastcentury, w ho made the tour of this country in the worthy and strictly honorable John Pettigrew Charleston, as is now anticipated, it is probable theINVALIDS,TAKENOTICE.—Abookofabout100PI.KASANTWALKSall the growing year can be enjoyed,when the finest deciduous pages, giving such information a» will lead to a restoration of prefer, of course, to buy their goods utterly irre-TKXX» AND SHRrnsmeet the eye and masse* of fragrant rosea xevet tbe air.For all these this is the planting season-HARDYGxAyas forvineyards,andExonc GRAPH*health,maybeobtainedfreebyinclosingtwopostagestamps, and addressing Box No. 2,341, Boston, Mass.POSTAGESTAMPS(3aad10cemta),foesaleatIhisOffice-spective of the politics of the sellers; but, if Re-lished in Boston in 1797, two years before Wash- for a reply. oftheirprinciples,cantheyjustlypersistinso ington'sdeath. M.deWarville'sbookcontainsin-doing. If Pro-Slavery men are to buy their goods teresting notes of travel and a highly favorable andalmost enthusiastic view of our young and free^ _ ^crats of the South, however, are reluctant to make thisconcession,andwillnot,exceptinthelastre- sort.TERRITORIAL BILLS.publicansaretobeproscribedandruinedbecauseonly of Pro-Slavery men, must not RepublicansThe popular Jack Tar no longer exists, except inv:,;:,TJBCADB Ann*Fortbefirsttimeinthehistoryofourcountry— frompartisarship. Itwillpatusbacktothepointspector,byacotherprovision,:smadaacreatureoftheMayor'?,removableatpleasure,theresultisto passed. Legislationonthisbehalf isbothhumane! give t b e Mayor two votes against the Controller's one—or, in other words, absolute control.POXJITICSLverybeetlackthepublicconfidenceinitsfreedomAlbany,andwetrust&atitwill promptlybeMiramon, <r -s forced Ion :$70,000 on.the money.XXSEN. Mr.SEYVAlJavor of t! York.Mr.BECK of the Mies:.* aid in the c Railroad.. IAX.SLIDB; the coneent dutiee by tr* the improvenOn motion &part for the IHstrict of COn moti n xeeolotiousoi .Territories,e order for MoiMr.DOOI jial in favor * Mr.JOH3Texplanatioi. bj the Senat ver on the "tl Jxiade to his JThe extract StatedbyWr. dustryore^u etc.; and furt hadwithLa relative to tl. South.Mr. JohnsO:Mr.CLAR] •.he wae called ( what he h>A Hotthepro]ei readyton;ee©xplanatioi.. .Mr.JOHX! not avow orcMr.CLAB JiationintheMr. JOliM wae ccrrec had madebin mininginTei to be untrue; sant with tiu*heknewnot! horn of tbe d ceeded to ine productive:^ drawingone ther said that by the Senat<. having had npon any «u never used t had said, and thia abolition the negroes si slaveholders. aubjnjzate the that he beiie wouldthener lanthropic eif.Mr. CLAR he wouid ta.K his speech, ar- dieparfljsjemen she made moi HampshireThebilltoi Was then tn'm Thebillgi captains, cumd u t y a t s e a , $ $2,825; lieucd other officers ther provides tenants, 8un« liveyearsol•Mr.FESSJE) for the whyie increasing MJEMr. CK1TT jnent to the01 jnen. Aex<ec•this kind. Mr. SLrr>;two gentlerne whether it w .ExecutiveSe nominationw .•Secretary thaiChaplains. The amend:journed.HOC The Hoarethe bill for ml Indians of Crt Mr. BKIGC from New-Yb. passage of h b The Housethe bill furt ::e: in boats prop* Mr. WAS*portance ol" th against it had theSouth,anc perhaps parti subject ferrya local Board provisions of' was obvious ipened on fer fit atate exten passengersno vessel* to be time to time.sreseawortin which,the cup: lines under :a bill pioposes miles, snail ca three and halateamer Aiya l\'orth Star .^0 exclusive of thInterefited n such a proyisio down; Out hecircumstances, Thebillalso ingtheexampinew Boardjs of gon City, Pa« ered,theadoiti paredwithtre per annum,Mr. TAYLO of tie exLjt:-i$ the application terest for jhe tutehehadpi in cage the owrquirementa of insurance, and andincaseoflife,bytire,ex giuecr, pilot, ployea on boai a prosecution t iai, but that th blame. .Mr. CRAW The evil's cum cf legisIaii' fered withthe acta 0 1 l&yj 10 cipal authority theTreasury, te«oftheWhMr.ttUKXI would bethe< legislation waMr.GAKTJfc the bill was d massesoftho lizingahip-ONVtMr.SICKLI ionBofthetil passagewooicMr.HOKAil objections tv» shouldbere4 eratiou.Thefurther two weeks, WholeonthMr. BOTi-:] appropriateMr.ETUI amendment, view to pencelMr.NBOTE| could Jhus bo thegentium;.!FAIRBANKS STANDARD SCALES.MORS THAN ONE HUNDXKD AND FIFTY _DlFFXRHNT SlZRS AND tjTTLRS.Adapted to crery brar-ch of bu-.ln.ss where a correct auc durable Scaleisrequired, Callandexamine,orsendforanillustratedcucular.FAIKBANKJS & Co.,No. 189 Broadway, New-York.DR. RIGGS'S TRUSS OFFICE, for the radical of those stigmatized for their Republican opinions. thrifty, property-holding citizens are unanimouson this sort with the proprietor of the street-sweeping„ - „ • „ ,All who remember the profits and particulars ofthe "awful offal contract," a s it was called, c a n and mammon, if we may say so,that ought n o t to decidefortbenjeelveawhetherbisHonortheMayor belost. isthekindofofficertobewiselyorsafelyintrustedwith the power of making a contract of this nature THE LATEST NEWS, at pleasure, said contract to cont'nua in force fiveyearsfromthedateofitssignature. Itisnotlongsince Mr. Wood attempted to mate a contract ofFriends a t Albany ! Republicans! b e entreated entreated,bulled,tobuygoodsonlyofsuchjobbors toLETusALONE!MakeanypossiblereformsandIasadvertiseonlyinPro-Slaveryjournals,andcon- improvementsinourPolicesystem—andwebelievetribute freelj to carry elections for the Pro-Slavery party. " White lists " and ''Black Hats" are freely circulated through theSouthern States^andthe merchants.there are menaced with ruin if they buythe bill before you embodies some such—but make no change that will once more curse our City with a partisan Police, none that will render such an in- fliction possible. The great body of our sober,RECEIVEDBYMAGNETIC TELEGRAPH, From Wa*»liiii#tojoi.cure of Hernia, is removed to Astor House, entrance iu Barclay- We know the fact that a Southern merchant—and this point. They want peace, order, security, sta-machines at $300,000 a year, although it is noto-it. Surgical appliances for Varicocele, Prolapsus, Hemorrhoids, Enlarged Veins, &.c~ ~ ~ ASTHMA A N D BRONCHITIS.These tenible diseases of the throat and air vessels are almost immediately relieved, and finally cured, b ywe presume he is but one of many—who bought abill of goods of a Republican' house here, had it immunity from Police fluctuations consequent on viously offered, publicly, to perform the said workfor $160,0C0. In what m»i ner. did Mr. Wood pro-pose to dispose of the surplus $140,000 ? W as ittoaidincarryingConnecticutforthebogusDe- pecttomakeanychangeofplaceforholdingthethe subject. Mr. Smally contracted to pay $2,500 forthehallalone. When theCincinnatiConven-Southern trade. A thorough system of espionage Among the mass of evidence which may be pro- 8ioner. and City Inspector, giving the power to fi appeal and assurance of Gov. Manning of Southmade out in the name of one of the clerks of that house, not daribog to let it appear at home that hochanges of political ascendency. They want no Republican Police this year, to be succeeded, veryTHE CHARLESTON CONVENTION.TheCommitteeonTerritoriesintheSenate, from other books of the kind published about that nion species of the British Navy. The rollicking, directed its Chairman at the last meeting, to pre- timebyEuropeans concerningthe newRepublic; roaring, recklees, generous, single-hearted, and parebillsforNevada, Pike's Peak, Dakota, and NEW CARPET STORE, HUDSON HALL, N O . 374 Republican National Convention..CHICAGO, May16. can merchants be recompensed for the loss thus for while they dealt, as now, without stint in ridi- simple-minded sailor, in. white ducks, blue jacket, Arizona, in the ordinary form, to be submitted nextcounteractSlavery houses here are allowed to participate in thetradeoftheSlaveStates,shallnotourRepubli-this proscription?If noneunjustifiably imposed o n them b y a n iacrease o finthis emporium of Cotton ?Republican merchants of the Free States! willwith Washington about Slavery and Emancipation.We give his observations and his narrative in hisaash,fromviolenceandruin,andsaveshervenera- tioncontainedinthedictumcftheSupremeCourt, ble parents from starvation and despair. This tradi- that it is carried there by the Constitution. This tional Jack, when he went to sea, turned away his maybe, and, perhaps, will be dpne by a declar- eyes, filled with manly tears, from "the girl he left atory clause, and not by proviso as has beenre- " behind him," standing on the shore, her blue rib- ported. It cannot fail to command support in theb u tP r o -institutions. Inthislatterparticularitdiffered tradition. HeisasdeadastheCommodoreTrun-bility; and these they now have. They want entirerious that the said proprietor (one Smith) had pre-' > ' W ASHINGTON, Tuesday, March 27, I860.after. stantially LETmocracy1Orforsomefamilyobject—ofcourse nature?Inshort,theywanttheirPolicetobesub-A party of lynchers in Kentucky have a t lastbeen met with arguments a« powerful as their own—powder and ball—in the town of Berea, Madison " Southern and South-Western trade," it is prob- it .- but he did not think the moment favorable. not much his superiors in anything but intelligence, THE TEXAS REGIMENT.County. The troops were called out to put a stop to the disgraceful outrage.able that the entire subscription, in this City alone Doubtless more extensive objects absorbed his atten- and in the other owned by ruffians as unscrupulous The Military Committee of the House took nodid tfot fall short of $20,000. The amount levied tion, and filled his eoul. Thedestiny of Americawas action on the Texas Regiment proposition at the just really to be placed a second time in his hands." as slave-traders, and as cruel as plantation over-Inperfectingtheseinfallible medicines, Dr.RADWAY itCo.have expended oyw FIVX HL'NDRXD THOUSAND DOLLARS; and the return of the Bay Islands to Honduras and the the best this City ever had—the best disciplined,every ebrmist and physician who have u*«d them, proclaim them to be tbe purest, safest, and most effectual mediddes in use.CHA>GX OF WXATHXR.*Thesudden changes oftheweatherinduce Coughs,Colds, Innuenzs; Pains in t h e joints, side, back, breast; Rheumatic and Neuralgic affections. Those thus afflicted, if they willuse RADWAT'SBXADY RXUXF and swallow a dose of BADWAY'H RXOCLATING PIIXS, are guaranteed immediate relief from theirgestion of the Lungs, Inflammation of the BOWVIB, Bilious com- path of reform on condition that the integrity of is net yet out of memory when the Police of other plaints, are prevailing to an a arming extent at present. RAD-WAY'a&XOctATJWS) PILLS and BXADY BXLIXF. used according to the directions, will speedily cure every patient afflicted with these maladies.v -a t.,^. ~ CHRONIC DIMKAHX*.poaltiv*curative.ti^t'^1^ f **fr£'-J&jIUlirf tothepartorE£Vn2 ^Lftw?^*'* 2 2 vain •***"wiJ1 »*<>"*immediate v•re purely vegeUble. and RADWAY'.R*GC7AT7X<!Pit^r^ t porftive soUtitute for calomel, mercury, and U^irk mated rata* era!poi-ons. TheyaresuperiortoallotherW««HI«I. ?! Priee* ceaU per Box. Sold by I*ug gi!^v .,P "r ^Ie • l n u-**RADWA* ic Co.', Principe Office, . No.UJohn-t.,New-Vork.BATCHELOR'SHAD*DYE,WIGS,andTOUPKKSdifficulties, and a speedy cure.PXXV AJLINC COMPLAINTS.tance to the Church as exclusively political. H e , not make themselves conspicuous a t primary meet-*yftilfrf T ^!" Wfe•**!•d^le,andfittoaohlx'm!patchfromTurinstatesthattheSardinianGovern-ment had consented to the demand of France toeffect thecessionofSavoyandNicebyaspecialtreaty. Dismay and terror prevailed at Naplesowing to the extent to which political arrests were tie door of the Board-room. I t is not even con- beingcarried. Adispatch from Tetuan states thatSo afartnklng, nor turning up behind. BATCHBLOR'» HAIR DTMgreatlyendangerit. WehavenowsevenCommis- sioners—three of them Republicans, three Demo- crats,andMr.IsaacH.Bailey,whohasnopolitics tospeakof,orwho,if hehas,leavesthemoutsidethrough the agency of Mr. Wood, the Major andController are given power to appoint an unlimitednumber ofsubordinates, atsuchsalariesasshallcalling,andtheyshouldbeBOconductedthata protecting guardianship may bo exercised over the youthwhenhehaBceasedtobeapupil. Anew classofseamenwouldgrOwupunderBuchaninflu-the beet in the world; the only harmless and reliable L*re known iipplyattheFactory,removedtoNo.16Bond-st.~DR.BARRY'S TRICOPHKROUS1MtbeheatandcheapestarticleforDressing, Beantifykjg, Cleansing, Curling, Preserving and Restoring theHai>.try R- *OI s«le by Druggists and Perfumer*. MARSH continue*toapplyhi*RADICALwith them seem proper. TheMayorpracticallyhas power to make a contract for street cleaning ence, and the name of an American sailor cease to he city, including many politicians from various quar-Cr/XXTxrMwithsneceas,ineffectingpermanentouresofHer- nia » r Rapture. Ladies waited upon b y a female i n private•on thethousand-and-one employ6s andbeneficia- &c, is of course independent of this.The Society spoken of by Washington and M. de eers.Anti-Slavery associations which were at that pe- That bur commercial marine is in this sad condi- fixing this additional expense on the War Depart-party of Ranger3 and regular troops h a d made a neffort to capture Cortina, but just missed him.They had taken a number of prisoners, but a Mexi- enormously, in excess of what could be honestlycanarmyclaimedthemasapartofitsrearguard.r * — 'andproperlyemployed.AnaggregatecampaignCongress took life with much ease yesterday, 80 as to insure the presence of every movableFrance.a leading political question, and no political party was formed or divided with reference to it, thesepression of hostility to the system. Their object was simple emancipation; and by giving in his ad- hesion t o that object, Washington well understood that he was avowing himself an Emancipationist We commend this fact to the South Carolina inau- gurators of the Mills statue.conduct his aflairs with as much indolence and in- Democracy have raised and paid many times this Pain in tbe Side or Breast, Sore Throat, ice, yield to a few ap- difference, he would soon be bankrupt. It is a amount, with palpable intent to buy their waycommerce neither sees far nor acts with unselfishends; it concerns itself with the voyage that begins The debate in the Senate seemed to indicate that to-day, and will not stop to consider whether the bill for increasing the pay of Naval Officersthoughtfulness and care now, even at a temporary would pass substantially as recommended by theA DESERTER.blessing that the peace and happiness of the coun- through. They evidently calculate that they cantry do not depend on its National Legislature.Both Houses of Congress were engaged yester- day upon propositions to spend more .money uponpurchase up the doubtful and wavering, and buy over some Republicans to vote the Sham ticket, if theyonlyareabletopaycashdowninlavishquan-Committee, though M r. Fessenden's substitute isthe Army and Navy, in each case the advocates of tities. Having vainly tried to bully the Yankeesloss, may not have consequences in the future ofalmostinestimablevalue. Sailors,themostim- admittedtobemuchclearer,andmoreexplicitin pressible of all human creatures, the most liable to many respects. yieldtotemptationandthemostexposedtoit,thethaincreasebeingwhatarecalledDemocrats. InbyacrythattheyshouldhavenomoreSouthernment, and in the House, Mr. Etherise of Tenn., by a speech, wieely resisted the folly of tbe Admin-try to canonize Slavery, w e commend to them an-been permitted, uncared-for and unthought-of, ex»or rather, rocks—of anargentiferous nature. And•od orrf lfr,0OO families w h o nave them In use, TXX B x » lx- istration party. Mr. Etheridge spoke like a states- they zcill see l They have neither frightened nor shows that these gentry had their counterparts inThe most reliable Piano, aud pronounced by the Professionman, asishis wont. Neither measure was defi- nitely acted upon.bought the freemen of Connecticut—they have suc-ceeded in simply insulting them. Just listen for gress who had opposed the movements then inno longer left to fall without redress into the hands of men who make of them a prey. The question is forcing itself upon the attention of shipowners, What arewetodoformen? Thecharacterof seamen,asaclass,isalreadysolowthatany probability of its becoming lower would seem to threaten.toputanendtotheservice, wereitnotcertain thatapointin this,asin ether evils, may be reached where it will bring its o w n cure. That, however, does not seem to be yet ar- rived at, for the shipping interest of this city, pow- erful andwealthyasitis,sufferedan ignominious defeat, a year or two since, at the hands of the.landlords, on the question, if we remember aright, of themonth'sadvance tosailors. It couldnot hold out a week against a combination of men who hold a large proportion of the seamen who sail out of this port in a sort of peon slavery, and whose inv tereBt it is that they should be reduced as low as possible in character, with no knowledge but of the ropes of a ship, and manly in nothing; but mereare excommunicated.GEN. LANE A T CHARLESTON.Joe Lane rests his hopes at Charleston upon the possiblereversionofsupportfromothercandidates, ashewillgobeforetheConventionwithnopositive strength. Mr. Buchanan has regularly adopted him ashispreference,andistheopenadvocateofhis pretensions,hoping bysome such accidenttopro- long the rule of bis dynasty. I t is said that Secre- tary Thompson of tho Interior Department also supports him.THECONNECTICUTELECTION.The last advices to the Republicans from Con- necticut are more encouraging than any yet re- ceived,andgivepromiseofvictory.To the Associated Press. _^,WASHINGTON, Tuesday, March 27, low. The President has recognized Celestin August*Ravin d'Elphenx as Vice-Consular Agent of Franceat Chicago. . Francisco Munos Ramonde Moncada as Vice-Consoiof Spain at Savannah. ., . And Edwin E. Hirtz aa Vice-Couaul of BrazilatSavannah. i* • • • The Government has not vet received auihcient in- formationtoenableittojudgeintelligentlyofthemer-itsoftherecentaffairsiutheGulf,andhencetbe delayinansweringSenatorHale'scalluponthe1resi- dent*for information.The recent!v published statements that the Govern- mentwillcallonSpainforexplanationsastothefittiojr < ut of the Miramon steamers at Havana is not well founded—therebeingnoofficialdatatoshowthat Spain is implicated with Miramon, or which. wo«l4jiutifyBuchacourseonthepartoftheAdramistratioa, eveniftherewerenootberreasonswhysuchexplana- tionshouldnotbedemanded. .Accounts continue to be received frovaitne bouUitntt he army of the Knights of the Golden Circle u on tb« veofleavingforMexico;bat,upthelateetaccounta rom Vera Cruz, no invitation had been^ extended«_progress for the enfranchisement of the blacks, he eays: "You will be still mere astonished to learn "thatheuniformlyemployedthe language ofin- " vective. This is the weapon that the partisans ofBy the steamship Bohemian, which left Liverpool onthe14thinst.,andQueenstown thedayfollow-their thundering response of Monday next!OURPOLICE.Commons. LordJohnRussell hadstated ittoberequire immediate relief from their sufferings, and quick restora- his conviction that if .the Great Powers objected, we believe, a special order in the Senate for to-day.The sick, the bed-ridden, the cripple, the sufferer of pains,ganization and management of our City Police, is,and could hear the Hon. Reubdn Davis of Missis- sippi yell out in the House of Representatives to Mr. Van Wyck of New-York, " You are a liar and " a scoundrel," and then could listen for a half hour toaPro-Slaveryhowl bytheHon.CalebCushing, would he not generalize still further, and declare that the partisans of Slavery in 1860were of thesamebreedasthepartisansofSlaveryin1788?tion to health. T o accomplish this desideratum there areno medicines mocertain, speedy, and effectual asFrance would not persist in the annexation project. The English journals publish the text of a new con- vention between GreatBritainandHondurasforWe beseech the Senators, therefore, but especially the Republicans, to hear us on the subject.BAD WAY'* RBADY RXUXF , RXGCLATINO FILLS, and RXNOVATING KJ«»OI.V*NT.OurpresentPolice,though notperfect,isbyfar surrender of the Mosquito protectorate. The reply most effective, most popular. Its members holdofthe Papal GovernmenttothelastproposalsofFrance had reached Paris. The Pope declines thetheirplaces,astheyshouldholdthem,duringgood behavior, and never lose them except by miscon-Now, we object to this levy that it is notoriously,tion, and loudly calls for reform, is unquestionable ment.and unquestioned. Were Commerce far-sighted THE PACIFIC TELEGRAPH DILL. nia,JohnJayinNew-York, andLafayette,in andunselfish,itwouldneverhavepermittedthings ThePacificTelegraphbillissupportedbyacon-fund of $5,000 would suffice to organize the StateA t a time when Slavery had not become to come to their present pass, when its indispensa- siderable lobby in the House, including those espe-In view also of the intemperate violence with custom for their notions unless they renounced Re- which Northern renegades attack the liberties ofpublicanism and voted Pro-Slavery, they are nowdetermined to see what virtue there is in stones—mankind, and Southern Democratic disunionists most guileless and the most easily deceived, haveproposition to treat a question of so much impor- duct. They vote, like other citizens; but they do WOOD TINHERINO T H E CHARTER.Whatever may have been the merits of the Scarlet Kever, Putrid Sore Throat, Dipthera, Small Pox, Con- however, evinces a disposition to enter into the ings, ward clubs, or anything of the sort. The time Amended Charter as originally introduced, aboutthe States of the Church be guaranteed. The days chose the nominating committees of this ormunicipality of Milan had adopted an address that party; but nothing like it is now known. W e appearance has been employed in saddling it, brute strength and health.For Bronchitis Consumption, bores, Ulcers, Skin Eruptions, to the King of Sardinia sustaining his line of doubt whether there is on the American continent Chronic Dyspepaia, RM><*AY'» RXXOYATINO RXSOLVHNT is athrough the agency of his Honor, the Mayor of There ia one cure for this state of things, policy in reference to Central Italy, and ten- to-day anotherPolicesooffensive toroguesandso thiscity,withreamendments,additionalprovisions, which can beadvanced without interfering withtion of annexation to Piedmont, or a separate king- dom,hadbeenpublished. Thereisaverylarge majority in favor of annexation. The army ofneither.Of course, we do not mean to say that the Legis- mous patronage and wholly irresponsible power be- easily assailed by it. The service needs peculiartween theMayor aforesaid andtheControllerof care,becauseitisinapeculiarcondition. Special thiscity. Bytheamendments,asamended schoolsshouldbeestablishedto.trainboysforthislature18urgedto upset allthis. Butwedosay Romehasbeenincreasedto20,000men.Adis- thatthebillbeforetheSenate,ifpassed,willthesecondcampaignoftheSpanisharmyhadbeen •uccesBfullyopened. TheSpanish encampmentsinoffensivetohonestmenasthatofthisCity.Andderinghim 3,000,000 francs. Themunicipalityof Lodi was about to adopt a similar address.A portion of the returns of the election on the ques- ihem belong to one party, or the other, or to of New-York. By the exertions of his Honor, the his calling made moro respectable, he will benobody knows, nor asks, nor cares, how many oftended, .nor suspected, nor imagined, that this Boarddoesorrefrains from doing anythingin deferencetothedemandsorinterest,ofanypartywith whomsoever he shall please to select, and at be tho reproach that it has becomo in foreign ports.era01theUnion. *innnnn»*«» Government bondBto the amount ©i » J « J ir*uedto-daybytheGovernment,forthebenefitorthe WyandotIndiansofKansasthroughtbeexertionsotInMassachusettsandinMaryland,inthiscountry,theseNautioalSchoolshavebeenestablished,androoms. Also, TxDaSXa of vsvrj kind for permanent re- had been attacked, and the Moors repulsed with whatever. But the Board proposed in the new bill Controller, and City Inspector a Board for award- they command support and aie found of great ser- Advices from Ruatan to the 11th inst. show that theagreeable.Braces, Suspensory Bandages. Silk Elastic Stockings,,Knee-Caps, much losr. Breadstuff* dull. Consols closed at is composed of three Commissioners, and will almost ing the contract, without reference to lower bid- vice in England. A bill for the establishment of & excitement in regard to the transfer of Ruatan to Hoa-tention of Jtuptere, Bathing Trusses, Supporters, Shoulder-Anklets, and all surgical appliances scientifically applied, by (>,<;./ C\A•« c -»»• - _ •certainlybepartisaninitsmajority,oritwillatthe dersorpubliccompetition; butasthoCityIn-similar school in this city has been introduced at duras conti&ued unabated. " AletterfromVeraCruztoThePtcayH*:statesthatMSSM\ Co.,H:i v>sey..t!:(opposite»t.Paul's7chuxoh)N./J£>4I/®94IforMoney,and94|/g»94JforAccount.Will you not hear and heedcule and contempt, M . de Warville waa mild and and tarpaulin hat, with his pocket full of money, Thursday. No condition in regard to Slavery waa customfromtheFreeStatesandtheupholdersof impartial. Itwas,doubtless,this circumstance readytobesquanderedonthesmallestprovocation proposed,butmaybebeforetheyarepresentedtowhich gave his book a wide circulation in France, of fun, folly, o r distress, a n d with the rest of his the Senate. T h e House Committee have this sub-riod springing up in various places, and of whichFranklin was a conspicuous member in Pennsylva-ble servants are reduced to a condition with some- cially who are most active and interested in repre-sentingtothecontrarythroughvariousnewspapers. andcompletingnothing. Ifaprivatemanwereto and office-holding engineers of the'Pro-Slavery Anti-Slavery Societiesweretheonlyorganizedex- virtuesthatbelongtotheconditionofaslave.But Itrequirestobeventilated.UpreparedbycombiningArnicawithamosthealing andpone- discussingafewsubjects,layingthemasideinturn, Democraticvoteratthepolls. Butthemercantilethingoftheevils,.allofthe vices,andnoneoftheten days ago,, to the notice of our State Legisla-ture, it is very certain that the interval since itsandpersonalseizuresofpatronage,suchascannotfail to make the measure obnoxious to the citizens fice. If the sailor is better educated andMayor, the bill has been made to divide an enor-furtherremovedfromtemptation,andlesswhateverrateofcompensationshallbemutuallyUntitled DocumentThisisdonebymakingtheMayor,Judge Williams of that Territory.Convention at their meeting on the 5th of April, connected with Smith—of a still more benevolent but only to satisfy outside sentiment by consideringSenatemayconsenttotheadmissionofKansasUQ- book of travels, which was at once translated and these the kind of monuments which a Republican der the Wyandot Constitution, fearing to raise republishedinLondon,andwaslikewiserepub- Legislaturecansafelyleavebehindit?Wepause thatissueinthePresidentialcanvass.TheDemo-1788,and, onhisreturn toEurope,publishedaenthronedonamud-heap asCityInspector! Arekerchief— tlxis jolly character, whom old people bly adopt the general boundaries for the new tion, and unblemished character gave him access'to still remember as an actual existence, lives ho Territories proposed by the Senate, excludingM. de Warville's liberal fortune, high social posi-Hemingledfreely withthe historic personagesofan after-piece, whothrashesthevillainofthe play within an inch of his life, rescues a lovely maidenprincipledistinctlyinsomeform, that Slaverydoes not and cannot exist in these Territories unless es-(emancipation) and begin the culture of wheat. At theirheadmaybereckonedthat'astoniflhingman,whoHouse outside of the Republicans, but will be ob- and waving her handkerchief to h e r gallant sailor; stinately resisted in the Senate. A a both House*andayearortwolatershesitsuponarock,witha willadheretotheirpositions,theprobabilityis,all new baby on her bosom, and a miniature little Territorial frlls will fail this session.tension of it into his own county; but he did not dis-semblethattherewerestillmanyobstaclestoover-come;thatitwasdangeroustostriketoovigorouslyata prejudice which had begun to diminish; that time,patience and information would not fail to vanquish it.Almost all the Virg-inians, added he, believe that the at hie leisure, unless the kicks of the mates shall mended. $500s, $250s, and $200s given in the Secret Cir- liberty of the blacks cannot soon become general. prematurely awaken his slumbering senses; audTheirtrialhasbeenpostponed.•Tbe Mexican mails to the 15th inst. have beenreceived atNew-Orleans. On the morning of thatday the garrison reopened itB fire upon the forces of cular we printed last week were all that have been There is another obstacle—the great plantations ofandextravaganceat Boston,New-YorkandPhila-Miramon,whopromplyreturnedit,twoofhisshells burstingintbepalace.» ,which theState iscomposedrenderitnecessaryfor when, atthe endofthevoyage,hereturns,the raised by the mercantile anglers for " the Southern men to live 80 dispersed, that frequent meetings of a same landlord will receive him before tho ship" and South-Westerntrade" inour City,fordis- societywouldbedifficult.bursement this week inConnecticut. ThatorganMr.SLIDE ties in ChapbCONNECTICUT.The organ of the Fifth Avenue Hotel Committeehis landlord, pitched into the forecastle to get soberwould fain make it appear that the subscriptions ofkeeper's Office and Yard at New-York are recom-Mr.OWEN'S replytoMr.Greeley'slastletteronDivorce, in type for the last six days, and dailycrowdedoutbyapressofmatterofmoreimmedi- weremerelyspecimenbricks,collectedandpri- arevolutionbyendeavoringtoreconciletherestitu- "death,"andtorobhimbeforehereturnstoso-two gentlenae l e r r e d . t o t h e < reported on 4>fChaplainsate interest, will be found on the third page of this paper.*vately announced to their brethren in principle to tion of the rights of the blacks with the interest of the 1856 was secured. This change indicates the pur- berness of every penny of his hard-earned wages.which they were therewith urged to hurry up. A s the savior of America to put himself at their head, if not in most cases, little else than a pos-thefewhousesnamedinthatsecretcircularhave andtoopenthedoorsoflibertyto300,000unhappy many hundreds of competitors in this racefor beingsofhisowncountry. Hetoldmethathedextrcd the formation of a society andthat hewould secondk n o w s b e t t e r .T h e s u b s c r i p t i o n s w e p u b l i s h e ds e s s e d t h e f u l l c o n f i d e n c e o f t h e P r e s i d e n t , a n d i s " is the way to hell, going down to the chambers of familiar with the means by which his election in•' I replied that the Virginians were in an error; that evidentlysooner orlaterthe negroeswouldob- t a i n t h e i r l i b e r t y e v e r y w h e r e . I t i s t h e n f o r t h e i n - terest of your countrymen to prepare the way to suchtouches the wharf, to make him at once roaring drunk; todeliverhimtothewoman"whosehouseTheremovalofMr.VanDyckfromtheDietrict- AttorneyshipofPhiladelphiawillbesoonbefollowed I Mr.IVEES( by some interesting revelations, as he formerly pos- Amendment w;let them know how to gauge tJieir subscriptions, whites. The means necessary to be taken to this effect- pose of Mr. Buchanan to exercise his remaining can only be the work of a society; and it is-worthy In short, the modern sailor is, in many power in punishing all officials who set up for inde-anylegitimateinterest,orcallingforanysacri-4WTCI TYmirmM.Tm~s . ss, -Special Dispatch to Tb« N. Y . Tribune.If a Southern candidate should be nominated a tMORE ADMINISTRATION CORRUPTIONS.pendentactionatCharleston,andwasdesigned asasignificantadmonition toothers,PAY O F NAVAL OFFICERS.Sereisanunusuallylargenumber ofstrangersin www.fultonhistory.comESS 