 ••:for choice of position in the line: Ancient Order of Hi-mof the park, but would not favor this large expendi- through a n d along Centre street, with single and to call around him all the faithful." Mclntyre con-inned his offer of $2,000 to me up to theture until the information he Bought was obtained. , Ho track, to Leonard-Btreet, and through Leonard, by sin- —The Norfolk Argus has the blunt comment,. very night that Mr. Tucker was rejected by tjhtf.Board -*"*^ -warned members, from the tone of The Leader'* arti- gle track, t<» connect with the.donble track in Elm- " Served him right," upon our Minister Dallas's re-- of Aldermen, detaining me some five o r ten minute* MOZART DEMOCRATIC GENERAL COMMITTEE.—LastITWliUUJWj•>THE SEVENTY-NINTH REGIMENT NKW-YOIUC STATE MIMTU.—A memorial, signed by Major General Sandford, Brigadier-Gouoral Ewen, and Col. Thomas W . McLeay, ban been presented to the Common Coun-JZZk bv any charter is held at the will of the sovereign &tej!aJary. Prohibits any free passes except to Seventy-ninth (Highland) Regiment. The baud of the Gfitfandemployees,multetheaionlywhen^wvel- hUJldwddollarjj, $oajremtwas.jnad^, , whichhangnpouthohooksinperfectwtfet-v,though. BenevolentSocietyofSt.FeterandSfeJasies;Bren-, !SSandthattheLegislatureoftheStatehas02icersuuuexupivycvp,11"«wntv^vm+j Seventy-ninthwillheasuperbone,consistingof4at'.special request of the Committee men, Keitt and-Ham- the propositions. The Major also offered to reinstateimond, BOto do—and that Ms promises of a welcome my brotiber-in-law i n the fire-telegruph office, from the Board to be held on Monday next.were.bet the repetition of, their .asfwrances, that the which he'had removed him. Mclntyre said he would It was decided, on motion of Mr. Bailey, that the whole of the $10,000 appropriation, should be devoted Jive him a.place in the Custom-Souse on the 26th of -letter of resignation should not be given to the report-two Barrys, Tarte, and Klinker were taken before Justice Connolly, who committed thorn for examina- tion.»THE NEW-YORK MAGDALEN ASYLUM.—This institu-tion, which has been the means of reclaiming many-...^-. a.. . m'iv"n»»,J.'iflf»» ..y^^W^f^••• , •• 4-10i^-frt-TU/-—/'..^Jl-^fcrst.'wMVV.ls -raa:r;;i;.•pt*vflege»eujoy^«aBderthecharter-Thepropositionipgonthebusinessofthecompany.NopersoiishallALB.BRADYINREPLYTOMR.TUCKER,itconldnotbeinsured«weetforthreehoursinthenanGuW;EmeraldGuard;IndependenceGuard;Bje.Uew.YoSrlSxLevy bill ^ » referred to thein or over property-held by it for public ptirpoeea, in the opinion o f the Committee not only attacks tbe greater portion of the unquestioned legislation of thisdirector whp. -does not hold 100 shares of said stock, or Sin: 1 deem it my duly to meet the affected igno-who shall be interset^fl .,to a greater amount in the rance, and disbelief in the truth of my statement, made stock of any. othjsr ^aifrpiid. corporation with which the in the Board on Monday night last, and, by implica- saidrailroadcompanyisinijejgiajlarbusinessintercourse. tion,thechargeofattemptingtolevyblackmail,con- All receiving or dAsbursmg.'oifecera to give bonds, i n tained in the card published by you yeBterday, over the amounts to be fixed by the. Board, of Managers or Di-rectors.boards about a foot apart, and that space is filled with der of Hibernians of Long Island, Melrose, and Mor- fine charcoal. The drip of the ice is conducted to a risania, will also parade. The line of procession willaY^<Mj[JJEKREintroduced*bfflrequiringthe Stateformorethanhalfacentury,in.regardtocities,wellofnaturalwater,whichisthuskeptIce-oold,andhe through East Broadway, Chatham street, Park,* « ^ t e * £ m t of the Banker Department to have but involves the contradiction of a sovereignty witmna sovereignty. The City of New-York, has not beenintrusted with tho power to acquire property for the! £ ? E E E O introduced? a bill thainereafter eac*< benefit o f its eitiaens alone, but for the pnbbc of the arisen Inspector sbaJl have charge of one particular whole State; all of whom have an equal right witnprison dnrmg bis whole term of office. the residents to the use o f any of the public streets, ^-Mr..GAKI>NEJ8r-Toeetabli8h,a public market parks, or place*. These rights cannot-exist except bysignature o f Gideon J . Tucker, with a few simpleis of great^advantage in the busineas for making pickle Broadway, Fourteenth street, Seventh avenue, Twen- and other purposes. If the ice should melt fast enough ty-third street, First avenue, Eighth street, and Fourthto cause the water to rise i n the well, i t passes o ff av., where the military companies and societies willthrough the sand which forms the substratum of that be dismissed. The Mayor and Common Council will . part of the city. These exteneive cooling-rooma are review the procession in the Park.5n Ea«t Brooklyn. Xbebillwaspassedauthorizingthesaleof theWestWaahrr ^ton Market property to fine city.12>e Canal bill was debated during me remainder ofEhe sesAioc.Mr. GBANT made an elaborate speech against thethe acknowledgment -of the principle that the munici- pality is but the agent or trustee of the people of the State, And that the Legislature has the full and perfect authority, without imputation o f wrong or abuse, to exorcise their judgment and decide whicb>mcde of \\*c of this property will beat subserve the public, interestsnot only used for keeping meat fresh, and cutting and packing it, but for storing, salted meats, which keep better than in any other rooms, above or below ground,• • • • 'STEALING GROCERIES.—Alfred Tarte is a porter by profession, and has long been employed in the whole- sale grocery and provision store of William P . Brown,political positions of the Governor's Message, and re- and convenience. The Committee refer to legal adju-plying to Mr. Hammond's speech. Without conclud- dicatione to prove that such i s the judgment of the -,w, hegavewayforarecess. Courts. They state that, after a careful stedy of the .*• EVXKIXO SESSION, map of the city, and" of-existing routea, they, have de- Mr. McLEOD MURPHY'S bill for the better «e- termined to report five bills, which they nalieve de-store, and the proprietor was at a loss whom to sus-<- trity of the payment of servants' and laborers' wages, • « « • ordered to a third reading.£be Canal bill waa'taken up and debated, but the C< tKumttee rose without taking any question.i Bill* on general orders were considered in Commit- tee of "the Whole, and the-foliowing were ordered to athh *d heading: To amend the act reducing several acts Tela *ry« to New-York District Courts into one act; t o enip 9?er members and stockholders of charitable andTeKo Vftw societies toVDte by proxy; to amend the char- teroi *Hhe Long Island Railroad CJompany.Adj. turned. ^manded by the.public interest.The following are ovtthues of the five 'bills whichthe Committee reported -for the favorable considera- tion of the House: ^Avenue D—East Broadway:—This bill mcorporates John E. Devlin, William Simpson, John O'jSLeefe, John V. Coon, Nicholas Walsh, John Fox, Henry Cogan, Antony Dugro, and associates, to construct a road, commencing on A venue D ; at its northern ex- tremity, and running thoncto, with double track, t o Eighth street, thence by single track 'along Eighthstreet to' Lewis street; along Lewis t o Grand, by .' double track, t o . East Broadway, along East Hroadway t o Chatham square, ( u a dGENERAL SUPERINTENDENT.—This Board met yester-day night last the officers were rewarded for their long... w.1 ASSiSMBL Y .Mr. A-A- MYERS presented a petition to change Chatham street a n d Park row, with doubleLost: Messrs. Powell, UUehoefer, and'Bailey voting in theaffirmative;Messrs.Wood,Bowen,andStrana-ing exposure they compelled him t o continue his dis- honest acts for their benefit. It seems that all three of theaccusedhave been inthehabit ofstoppinginthethedi\iaionHueofKingsand•QueensCounties. tracktoBroadway. AlsofromthecornerofAvenue Petitionis for aid remonstrancesagainst aid tothe DandEighthstreet,through Avenue I),with single ATbao$r s'md Snequehanna Railroad; against the pro track to Houston street, and through Houstoa (to Go-he declined thelabor,, 'and aont them, I believe, some my vote elected ' him I . should expect t o g e t Mayor Wood desired to explain. He said that his store nighte, and that while alone they would knock inMK BUTLER reported a bill to confirm the location ,*f th£ Soht^ler County Building at Havaua.M& CONXLING presented a bill to amend the Gen- eral Jctailroad law, so ag to require quarterly meetings and Ieports from Directors. , •>M'. Cooper's New-York Charter-Amendment bill -wae}teporied favorably.Mf. A. SMITH moved to recommit it.Aaser a debate, the bill was recommitted by a deci- givejpote.The Central Park Two-and-a-half Million bill was called tip, and again laid on the table until the re-also willed upon me twice at my house, and severalmat, who, he allege feitnoie i n payaxe game of faro, Judg merit for the plain;:DETAINED BY I bound, fleet eailed y b j the fog: Steam United.Kmgdom (Bibr Hamburg; Prim Adger, for CharJe* flhipe-ftatfcay, for ] Isaac Bell, for Live: ola, Parthena, for pinwall; brigs Prii Aapinwall; David< Margaret''Eliza, foforVeraCruz;A.( for "Caithagcna; b i Andover and Bichm- \• THE N E W A R;• another voyage t o already raised the f, emn, from the genei friende, and hope-1<Suiredinformation from the Commissioners is received, double track, tocBscoadway. Also connecting with theThe following members of the old force. were re- poor, frail women from lives of the most wretched' law, Abraham .D, Oarlock, which may further en- instated upon the usual terms, namely, relinquishmenty * vote of 41 to 39.BILLS PASSED.Tb eosxfer steditional powers on Boards of Town cdBeex*.To authorize the City of Brooklyn to establish public jnaiiets.To amend .the Hell-Gate Pilot laws.double track in Barclay, street, through and .along Church street, with single track, to Canal street; thence to Greene;, 'thence*to Clinton Place, o r Eighth street; thence; to rJJniversity Place, to con- nect with t h e double .trftck. Also connecting.'with the track i n Sbvcjjfh avenue a t Broadway, through Seventh avenue,, with double track, to Green- wich avenue; thence to and across the Sixth avenuener.. Wliat wa6 done with it ? Who has got it ? , . t—Mr. James Grant Wilson of Chicago has beenlighten the pubHe: of all claims to back pay: J. G. Blauvelt of the.Ninth misery, ia now in Straitened circumstances. T h e,3elf-denying ladies who have conducted it withso-toldsue Dr. T«iok«rwishedtomoot me that a-'ternoonitThe Thirteenth.W.Watson,of theFirst,JohnBrugnan^f much3uccCs8foraaeriesofyears, appealtothepubhVTo widen Atlantic street, Brooklyn.To.confirmSodmakevalidtheadvancesoftheCom-1 toClintonplace,orEighthstreet,andthencetoMac-Sqnad was accepted.CLOSING OF THE FREJS .EVENING SCHOOLS.—LasttivewindstormBOdamagedoneofthewallsastoren- der immediate repairs necessary, a work for which theFifty-first, and Fifty-fourth streets and Third avenue. „ anon Council of New-Y ork for regniatinx Fifty-ninth, d oK a l„ . through Macdongal to 4th-st., thence to t r e e t/,Commissioners, which threatens not only to destroy them,buttheenterpriseitself..American wine, and adds:Hall, C. P . SchemerhoTn in flue chair. The Commit-lir.JAQUE8repliedthatthegentlemanfromNew"We havehadnogreatopinionofMr.NichoJM; Longworthfrincewesawitstatedinthepapers&4j|£JOSNH.BRADY,AldermanFifthDietrlctAstheywereenteringtheSation-Houset^e captured villain again made a desperate attempt to es0*po> knt after a serious struggle he was finally placed in > °o" and Bafely locked in for the night. He was identified byseveraloftheofficersasawell-knownburglar,' named Jamea Tinson, who has but just been released from State Prison, having been sent there for a burgrfrom the letter of Mr. Dillon, charging the Commis- thence t o William; thence t o Ann; thence through Virginia!"CITY ITEMS. m —• -•ift~sionerswithmalversationinoffice,buthehimself Anntoconnectwiththedoubletrackattheinter-—Acuriouscaseofspiritualmanifestationshaslately transpired^ in Woodford. A man full o f spirits and spiritualism was put into a trance (he being a tranceTHE CITY HALL FIRE-TELEGRAPH OFFICE.—The THE SPRINGTIME.—We had such bright, cheerful, room formerly occupied by Judge Welsh of the City glorious weather yesterday, that it really seemed as if. Hall Police Court as a private office is now1 undergoingwould not charge them with malversation. He (Mr. section of Park-row andBroadway. Also connectingJaques) could make no distinction between JQe Da*awho originated and him who retailed slander. Tm» with the double track in Elm-street, through Canal-»*•<»f:mm. V"StfEW-YORKDAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, MARCH 3, 1866,rata,ovRadhroadtolls;forthesame; and severalfora .erckstreet,throughGoercktoconnectwiththe.donble jifieen ortwenty dollars, to pay their homeward ex- a share of the patronage of the Depar;-the heads of barrels, abstractaportionof thejfcr con- tents, and then, filling the space with oats <Sr- chaff,ttPttary cede for New-Y ork and Brooklyn. MrTaTOCKER presented the petition of over three thons&fcd. signers for the Central -.Park ImprovementsbuiITMrJ !X)ND reported favorably on the bill t o i n - ereas^ the powers of the Metropolitan Police Commis- sioners.track i n Grand street. Also connecting with the penses ! Tfca8 incident may account for the fact' that ment for ' my Republican . friends; b u t I never object in -offering the motion to reconsider was to givedouble track in East Broadway, through Canal street, while Virginia and New*York-were invited to Washing- 'toldhim I would vote for him, nor that I would not— Mr. Bailey an opportunity of expressing his views andmMriV AN HORN reported office* of School Commissioner.against abolishing Agreed to.theagamet Wm. E. Aii cartedofftoreceiversofstolengoods,wherethey plaintiffclaimedto.-.£&H • MTv yi f fthat a municipal corporation, established for public be selected President or Vice-President who does not • • purpose*,haeinalienablerights,interests,orpowers,hold200enures:ofthecapitalBtock,ormanagerorToVicEditorcfThcN.Y.Tribune.open air. The iee-chambcr walls are made of matched Hibernian National Guard; Sarsfield Guard; Limerick ,fraHHkeKfcofcj, king the bind..; • ;•• '• p '''.:• ,:'•••;•,^ THE BCIITON 1 FIELD_it j8.OI1,tetb Burttn will Stent* in tfe'g.posi $l>W0to Jane Li fie never was maboth Barton, of E -on the gronnd t t ; 'R now appears thphia. While Mr England went the againet him, in th'tJofi was raised ae her (the English -<Subsequently, the / waa annulled. Tapparent widowa, not one in reality.A LARGE IKOV the inventor o( ir< - "WarehousingCom i 'for ah immense iropractfcaWe, for the boil iing will be eH the Bay; eeven htrill require three• eoetat least twelv workiaalreadyinetantly beingtakoi tioce aa are comple."The Children's A i -edging the rtceipt ofTxiBtrsa..JGhVdren'i Aid Soci>/••GAME o r FAKO.statements of fact. While the name of Mr. Tucker was to the stock of any other corporation; nor shall any before the Board of Aldermen for confirmation as Presi-No subscription is to be made by a railroad companystreet, with double track, to Broadway. , Also withgentleman from New-York was too ready to impute double track, connecting with the track in Fourteenth- medium), and they asked him to call up the spirit of his "the season of flowers had come. So Summery was the alterations, for the purpose o f adapting it the use of lary committed some time since. His companion wascorruption to men upon insufficient grounds.The previous question was ordered.The motion to take the bill from the table was car-ried—52 against 26.The question recurring upon Mr. Conkling resolu- tion of mquiry, the same was lost by 34 to 60.The bill was then read the third time and passed—68to 18.A number of bills were introduced, among them thestreet, through Eleventh and Twelfth-avenues t o departed brother, which was at once done. The spirit day, that we were not at all astonished to see "straw- the Fire-Telegraph Office. -The alterations will be con- another notorious * burglar, named Anderson, andJctte necessity of sueh changes in public conveyances •Green, together with the neccK«ary turn-outs, switches, ^extension of the City of New-York, and of the abso- the double track in Broadway, north of the BowlingAS will accommodate the increased population and the etc.extension of street* and avenues. Less than 40 yeait This road is to charge three cents fare, which is too ago a aingle line of public stages from Pine street tc much for the distance.Spring street, or " Greenwich Village," a t 25 cents, THE CANAL ENLAROXMENT HILT..age so-much fresh meat in hot weather. We will tell But it is useless.to hope for this. The" truth isj un- was reported. And UMto the testimony of Mr. Tompkins " thatthem. Yesterday, we went through one establishment,which has two ice-houses of sufficient' capacity to holdThirty-Second-street.The Tenth-avenue and Forty-second-street bill i n - said he wanted to drink, and the medium poured a berries and cream" announced in the windows of somecorporates Messrs. John T. Conover, Moses Ely, Peter large tumbler full of brandy. " Thero! there!" ex- of the Broadway restaurants.cluded in a week, when the telegraphic apparatus will though safe for the present, is sure to fall into the be moved into the new place. The rooms occupied at hands of the police before long. . *Mitchell, Truman Smith, Rufns S . Andrews, Bloom-field Usher, Justin D. White, Elijah B. Holmes, Benj. sized drink he used to take when he was alive.''present by the telegraph will 'be "connected with thosePrince, and their assigns, with power t o construct arailroad commencing at the western extremity of For-ty-second street, and running tiience> by double track,to Tenth avenue; thence through Tenth avenue to States Navy. .SON.—-The Academy advertisement states, that the per- of the Councilmen's Clerk, overhead, by a stairway, and used as committee rooms. ' 'following:By Mr.WEBSTER—To amend theCharter of New- Thirty-foHrth street; thence along Thirty-fouth —Tlie Charleston Mercury says:^Tor*.^videagainst unsafe buildings iu New-York.estreet to Broadway; along Broadway to Twen.?'-sixth ntreet; along Twenty-sixth street t o MESSRS. MASON AND THOMAS'S CLASSICAL SOIREES." £°*V *, ^Y-~To reorganize the militiaofthe By AT. Hr~... ^" The Mobile Register's New-York correspondentourth avenue; thence through Fourth avenueto states that 'Pink,' the funny correspondentof T/ie —Thefirstofthisseasonwillbegivento-night,MarchTHE STREET CLEANING.—Thenewstreet-cleaner, fordappearedatHeadquartersandcomplainedthat,hi->was.quite Bofficient fortheconvenienceof thewasdiscussedintheSenateto-dayinCommitteeof Heisnotwantedinthenewprogramme.MayorWoodNow,Sir,1mostsolemnlyattirmthatIneversawMr.Tomp- a thousand bullocss. These rooms are arranged with of the contract for months, while they are plucking kins ou the oeoasion referred to, and never heard any such cou-citizens- The report traces up the changes, until om-the Whole.' The amendment to strikeout Chenango has aided to humble the General Superintendent, and valves near the top, which let in all the heated air on the contractor. The indignation of tho people at the rersation. The only person I saw at the time o f the Coroner sTtibnH, cabw and hacka were forced to give w*y U> a was lost; also the amendment to strike out the provi- to compel him to resign. But perhaps the Mayor willhaving the ship, was the Coroner himsell. Our conversationconsiderable portion o f the City, and but one Jftmm fices of trust and emolument, is to be the new General notke,caKspecial meetingswheneverrequiredtodocase of Ititter ou board this *hip. . The man Williams was con- atmosphereisnotloadedwithmoistureas iiiain the adorned with the carcass of a decayiugeaglestuck, hoed for bis mutinous and insubordinate conduct—wniohha*SSSnpart of the world. I t is the want of ttWraiU S f i f * confer; but no proxy snau ne issuea 10 a W<!Uw d>r c or r m o f mi]ZthSek«ittyh,aWtdepreciapteresvepnrotspeitrstynainethelowestparteof"KJ*?!? «* '°.°TM? * TM"Jcorporation,•The Committee believe t h e repr<xoads ttm V X i U rise in the upper parte. % f c , ? * " ^ *°people would b« derelict m their doty, did they aaS»r therepresentative^oftheip£?;?J*****,,S S » S S that the City£ r S Ut ^high than $6,000 shall be paidbe paid to any officer or em-<*;A-,J .u J».J pvid€« for the election of Treasurer, Auditor, Sec-a.•c<fcJafoees the interest, and the convenience of citizens retcatys, paondweArudtiotinregmCovmemoitrteseuspoefndT"h, rfeoer, cwahuose,sahnalyl drafted to their regiments.iWmesent session t o pass without extending to the Toetro!>oh'8 o f the State these facilities, which thelearnthattherumoriswhollywithoutfoundation.sash. Sothattheiearctwoaircompartments,celebration,andthedelegatestherefromdrewballots cusedtoanswer.'-•the useoftheGreetsforraill|WSJli^Jr^iM h»-the right to grant tbe use•««*• tl*<Committee argue that all the power con- ft££?w ZJu^^?^cer oremployeeSwartz, while a t the Academy of Music, last night, able, reading THE TRIUUNB, while the man are at Guard; Hibernian Benevolent Society; Quarrymen'sK g ? to alter, abridge, or *tfAul w>7 ** * •«i**v« wwivr, , Vic I Mob £ 2 & m f f 1 ? 8 <?* - l W e n t . No salary• mi .Near one of these windows the proprietor maybe oftenSociety;Father Mathew Total Abstinence Society; Be-claimed the mother, " that is my son, for that is just theACADEMY OK MUSIC—LAST MATINEE OF THE SEA-— — » • _ / :COLORED B U R G L A R S . - O R Thursday night SergeantBogart of the Fifteenth Precinctarrested two negroes:—Thos. J. Robinson of Fayetteville, N. C , has been appointed a Professor of Mathematics lin. the Unitedformance to-day—the Matinee—will close the season. Miss Patti, as well ae all the artists, will appear. S e e notice." Burleigh," the New-Y ork correspondent o f The Boston Journal w r i t e s :to the Coroner when called for"—now, who nade such promiseNew-York,Friday,March2,1B6Uicisionwasmadeinreferencetothecontestingdele- gates. No other business being before the Committee, it adjourned to meet again at the call of the Chair.J * i*•..:•!dent of the Croton Board, Wm. N. Mclntyre, formerly of Tlui Daily News, but now one o f the Bonded Warehouse contractors, in company with Dr. Tucker, brother of the nominee, met me in the Park. Mr. Mc- Intjre called me aside, and told me that a certain sum of money had been placedin his hands to use, and he would give me $1,500 for my vote and influence m favor of Mr. Gideon J . Tucker's confirmation. I re- plied, " Mr. Mclntyre, money is a handy thing to have in the honae, but I ha?ve been, going on five years, in the Common Council, and have never yet allowed any man to carry me in his pocket, and I do not intend to do «o now." He replied, " You need not be afraid of mo; I have UBed money placed in my hands in that way before, and it was none oi anybody's business." I replied, " Yes, Bill. I have drilled with you long enough to know you;, t u t 1 am not in that'kind of business. W e then Beparatedy and subsequently Mr. Mclntyre called uponmetwiceorth,reetimesatmyresidence,andsev- eral times in the. City Hall, on one occasion calling me out of the Chamber of the Board of Aldermen, and renewed his ofler of money. On every occasion, afterbonds.be indorsed; or any money loaned, except on calj, and on security to De .approved by the Board. Contracts are limited tb two years, and no officer o r employee is to have' any direct or indirect interest in any contract or sale of. goods or material to the com-pany.A ll dividends, before being, decdared, are t o be ap-proved at a meeting of stockholders.A Renewal Puna, tho limit of which shall be fixedby the Board, is to bo .created by stated assessments on the transportation earnings,, to provide, for expen- ditures occasioned hy depreciation, equipment, decay of machinery, otc. Provisions are made t o regulate the transfer of stock, and the law i s made applicable to all railroads of the State.PERSONAL.—" Occasional," ^cf The Philadelphia . Press,writes:" Mr. Buchanan.nevor had many military tastes, andis not very fond of the Pennsylvania volunteers. You willremember that when Capt Duchman, with his Lancas- 'ter Fencibles, as fine a body of men as ever Bhouldereda musket, or mar/shed with the flag of the Union, ac-companied the chief in his progress to Washington tobe inaugurated, he gave them the Blip a t Baltimore, of the office between the Mozart Democrats and theandwhentheyasked•to^ereceivedbytheiroldtowns* RepublicansoftheBoard,ifhecouldgettheRepubli-maninWashington,'beforetheyreturnedtoLancaster, can votes to copfirm him. I told him thatif haninthenegative.with double track t o Broauway. Also connecting ton, in the porson of their .cithen soldiery, the unsur- buttbat I would be governed by the action of the of voting on the subject, as he (Mr. B.) was Absent at head it up again. In this way barrels o f eggs, flour,,with "the double track in Grand street at Lewis street,! passed regimen »B of Philadelphia were not telegraphed , Republicans in caucus—although, when he was first the time the powers of the General Superintendent etc., have been robbed, and, o n being sold for fullthrough Grand street to the ferry. Also commeueing to come hither to receive the 'princely^hospitality;' nominated, I did feel, favorably towards him, as h eat th'e porthern extremity of Avenue B, through and along Avenue B with double track to Clinton street, thence through Clinton to connect with the track in East. Broadway. Also connecting with the track in AvenuerB, through Tenth and Eleventh streets, with cingie track to Avenue D.Tke (Swntk Avenue bill incorporates Edward P . Cowies, Jahn Kerr, Anthony J . Hill, Hugh Smith, aid.John A- Kennedy, and their assigns, with powerto constrhct^, railroad, commencing onSeventh avenue, at tie Centiai Park, and thence, with doable track, along Seventh avenue to Broadway; along Broadway to UniversityJ^Jace; thence to Eighth street; thence, with single track, to Wooster street, and thence to Canal atreet;'thonce to W est Broadway; thvnce t o College Piac'c; thence, with single track, "through Barclay to Church street; thence through Barclay, b ymeasures, have caused grumbling among customers. At this point of the proceedings, Mayor Powell pre- The articles thus stolen, amounting to several thousandBOpompously promised^ and aotfrugally forgotten." told me Mr. Wood did not want really t o have him—By the by, we see that, many of our exchanges, confirmed, and Dr. Tucker and Mr. Melntyre madesimiSfox- statements as t o the Mayor, to influence my whilejustlysympatheticwithfee7thRegiment,un-action.Dr.TucKer,thebrotherofthenominee,were curtailed.sented a letter of resignation from the General, giving dollars i n all, would be put up in other barrels andjueily pursue Mr. John Ccehrane-as the party respon-sible for the great discourtesy to the invited soldiers. times in:tne hall, offering the same considerations a shis reasons in extenso.A motion was made to accept the resignation, but no could always get cash for them. The store o f Henryin Grand street, near Wooster, who had in their pos- Supplement No. XVIII. o f the American Lloyds, session two sacks full of cigars. Being unable to "ac- published by E. & G. W. Blunt, haajust been issued. count satisfactorily for them, they were conveyed tx* • i. the Station-House. Yesterday morning James M. TiLjFourteenth street; through Fourteenth street to Ave- Charleston Courier, has got himself into a tight place.nue A; through Avenue A t o Second street; thence He has stated that ,Dan Sickles had got pious! T h e 3, a t the Chickering Rooms, No. 694 Broadway. from the reign of mud. I n the progress of his workR. A. Smith, ia doing the best he can to free the city grocery etore, No. It) Fourth avenue, had been broke?* * B p Mr. STETSON, to provide*-** * * » * » <* along Avenue A, with single track, to First atroet; father of Dan is George Sickles? once a printer, but There will be capital instrumental mu9ic, and vocal as into the previous night and robbed of a large quaatitj;thence along First street t o Houston street; along now a lawyer. He has sued.' Pink' for libel. T h e well, Signor Stigelli of the Opera, aiding "the execu- he has encountered many obstacles that he did not an- of cigars. He was requested to call at the Fifteenth) aBy*Mr..YOORHEES,forarailroad&&*&HoTxa- ideaisthat,asapiousman,Danwouldbedebarred ticipate.Thoseopposedtohavingthestreetscleaned -fromthisto«nuLi/jo,Houston to Cannon; along Cannon t o Grand; along lon and other streets, ixew-York. , Grand to Goerck; thence, with double track, along By Mr. COLES, to regulate the manufacture ?**. Grand street t o the ferry at the foot of that street;tants.Precinct Station-House, and on doing so identified the*m© bmied h y the side Bridgeport. A Vhate-e to my mother I wish he'wiahes for yon and yot CJ- S«.-4t---T\Katy,eiohrh\',. A BOLD TIIETT noon, a miserable glaring theft at the ring, No. 3^6 Broads •4here had just lowc-of goods from one oj •forthepurposeofter the trunk had1man was coming d< JiastSr and ran oil. Goireof the Sixththo-shop of a Germ • .was taken before Ji-name as Peter Aa<i 4rwer.Z JTHE SEQUEL.— rested a few nights:lack'sTheater,and Station-House, as bej ing morning taken «pn Market Police" with a glihnees eqtiytm, and. brought ^nacQytreated. Mr.iof the Theater, to< . testified: as to thowhen the magistrate trouble upon hersei $10floe a d ten-daj' 'Arry now came to " npon the party ki *Arry appeared bef< •^warrantforthe^ assault and batter;tat would be fair,Bardon arrested SnUth^towhom tut , tothe Theater abod^stepping up to the aj ironceBaxdon."WJLnegative, and said J .latheafternoon.^t|is»e''.np and, aftoer >* said.that hia father'j vXUOining Mr. Baruoj•«wast him. TUo»•: l<l:z.from running for Congress in this District." —Archbishop Hughes arrived in.Charleston on Sun- " sale of gas. thence returning through Grand to Goerck street; day last, by the Nashville. He visits Charleston forby machines busied themselves i n circulating the re-HUMBOLDT.—Mr. Bayard Taylor will deliver hisBy Mr. A. A. MYERS—To amend the Jamaica and thence through Goerck 'street, by single track, t o the improvement of his health and the enjoyment of a famous lecture on Humboldt, at the Cooper Institute, City Chamberlain would not pay for the work, and, gave their names a s Charles B. Munnon and JamesBrooklyn Road act.By Mr. LAW—To prevent the fraudulent sale ofstocks and bonds. « , . , - ,Houston street; thence through Houston, b y single short peiiod of relaxation, and will probably remain this evening, before the Young Men's Christian Union. consequently, on Monday those who had been em- Tnomp8on, charging them with burglary. The accu-By Mr. VERMILYE—To establish and regulate the Forty-second street through Tenth avenue, with femes between New-York and Staten Island. double track to the northern extremity of said avenue, By Mi. COOPER—For an intersectional railroad in to be conBtructed aa the avenue shall be gilded and Hew-York. * . • public convenience shall require. Also connecting with To incorporate the Atlantic Savings Bank, JSew- the double track on Tenth avenue, through Seventy- At'lUp.m.,only53memberswerefoundtobeaecondstreettotheCentralPark.Alsoconnecting with the double track at Thirty-fourth street by doublePOLITICAL.—A Washiggton correspondent o f The Express,-who evidently finds it rather hard work to get the new "Union Machine" in running order, thus turns over Davis of Maryland, and Ethcridgc of Tennessee to the Black Republicans:To-night, the performances are for the benefit of this spread to those in the Fourteenth, in half of the Fif-intrepid rider, and a bill o f unusual attraction is pre- teenth, and in the Sscond, Eleventh and Seventeenth F I R E ON THE BLOOMINGDALE ROAD.—On Thursday sented. The admirers of fine equestrianism have been Wards, and they also threw down the ehovel and the' night a lire occurred in the dwelling house of Mrs.track, to connect with the double track in A venue A ; and thence along the aforesaid route t o the place of beginning. Also connecting with the double track atfor a week.He is a guest of Bishop Lynch.Firstplowed in the First, Third, Fifth, and Eighth Warden sed were-taken before Justice Kelly, who committedNIBLO'S GARDEN—BENEFIT O F ELLA ZOYAUA.— refused to continue their labor. On Tuesday thepanicfIjthem to answer,{!'*SKlinker, No. 8 Pearl street, w a s subsequently It is well understood a t Washington that Mr. Coch- his brother for the Republican support; I told him if vote was Uken npon the question, owing to the ab- searched, and ten barrels o f flour found, which arerane telegraphed |o the Regiment t o go on, upon the we did ..confirm bis brother we should expect t o senee of the President, and the document was tabledget our :shaTe of. the offices. But I did not agree to and made the order of business for a special meeting of Buppoeed t o have been stolen from Mr. Brown. T h eto the entertainment of the 7th and the; few other com- anuary, a m Mr. Tucker said he would give him a berth in the-Croton Department for my vote; but Ipanies expected from abroad. ( That .large sum could refused all their offers, and did not vote for Mr. Tucker, have entertained five thousand men in,aj:?riucely man- i I append the following statement of my brother-in-ers until definite action should be taken thereon by the Board."A friend, »»s»me4„.Cttigill, called upon me a day or two afterlecturing.in the West on Sir Walter Scott to general the tiarne of Mr. tuc«ef was B«nt to the Board or Alderman, anJ Ward, Wm. Wright of the Tenth, J. Struck of theacceptance. ,Thc Chicago Leader says: -".-We regard JScwevlllise. at'<ia'.ukoik. I went there, asd waa introduced t o . the D^xcior by Mr. Cargilh The Doctor took me abide and Bald. Mr..Wilson as one of the most accomplished lecturers 11 hear yon nave considerable influence with Aid. Brady. I in the West;" ' wieh to get my brother coudrmed, and I will wager you $ 2 0004 to $25,':B5C, or any wmsllor mm yon chooRn to name, that Aid. —Mr.Taz.W.Newman,Speakeroi.the..TejmeBaee 'Bradywillnotvote:J©r.tooconfirmationofMr.Tucker.' AMhe Senate, haa been, charged with forging land claims. said this he pulled oat his pocket-book and showed rne $ f,000 insjiioo-bine onHheBank of iibo Republic, and a certified check forfor aid in their good work. ' The present building, oc-To aaaendantdheFliafwty-ffoorutrhthe csotrlleeectsooandofTthhierddaevmeannudea • Thompson,thenceto Canal thence to WestBroadway, He pronounces tho charge false, and has resigned as 8?l,C0O more upon the wuoc Bank, which he offered to put up in evening was the closing night of the Free Eyening Trustees are not at all prepared. One hundred dollars«nshipesadvessel*.ThelatterbillwasafterwardthencealongWe»tBroadwaytoChambers»treet;SpeakerandgoneoatoWashingtontoinvestigate,theanyrenpoaaible.person'flhaodfiwewouJdagreeupon.Itold Schoolsheldthroughoutthecityinnearlyallof.thoareincededforfhiswork,andalloverthissumwhichreconsidered and laid on the table. thence through West Broadway and College place, by hixu I had xus> personal in^ti&cfct in ^his matter at all, and won notMr-DIC3B32sTSON.reported a bill prividing for the aingle track, to Barclay stseet; thence to Broadway; matter. Mr. Newman was one of the prominent,offi- awaro that 1had any influenio with the Alderman ; that Aid. Public School buildings for the past five months. may be contributed, will be devoted to the wants of"better security of life « a railroads. It empowers the cials in the late visit of the Kentuoky and -Tennessee Brady was capable of taking care of'his own business. H e In many of the schools pubKc exhibitions were, given. the Asylom. The ladies engaged i n this enterprise-State Engineer, when complaint is made of the condi- thence returning through Barclay and Church t oChambers street; thence to West Broadv. ay, t<?.C&u- Legislatures to Ohio.tionofthetrackandbridge*of anyroad,to examine neetwiththetrackin saidstreet, andthencetoplfice ___A «~ ~,~..J—• ~r Til.*, CIA r....'.r>. the same, and if found unsafe to apply to the Court of beginning. Also connecting the track in Wu<»t5$rpressed me very hard to soe Aid. Brady; and 1 laid I would, dothat much for xiim. - A day oTttv/o following, John R.. Richnrd- They were well attended—aa, in fact, such exhibitions have a preeminent claim upon the public sympathy. »©n,DeputySuperintendent oi^Itepairs and Supplies, met me Any^contributionsfortheabove-namedobject may be and told me he had been looking f«r ma for torn® time, aa ' Bill always are—chiefly by the parents and friends ,of theHayee, Surgeon of i tobeready forastir.»-•..."foraninjunctiontopreventtherunningoftrainsuntil —AcorrespondentotTheSt.LouisRepublican,'MclntyrewifihexitoseemeatZ?*sT)a.ilyNewsoffice.'Iwentpupils.IntheFifteenthWardSchool,.in-Thirteenthfenttothisofltce.Donationsinmoney,clotliing,andthe proper repairs are made. Mr.A.SMITHmovedtotaketheCentralPark hillfrom the table and put it on it?, finsl passage.Mr. CONKLING spoke against the motion and severely criticised the jnanag«ment o f the- Centralatreet, through Broome, with double track, to^Bru&Uway. Also connecting with. the track at Fourteenthover with him to The News offioe^Kod thence to Crook & Duff's,where Kichardson introduced a i e t o Mr. Mclatyre, and street, near Sixth avenue, the programme ..was varied then left us together. Mr. McLn.tyr«.took .me out on the byadiscussion<onSlaveryandsinging,by.the female•hadleft$2,00withhim,tomftke.Awtwithmeof#2,000tofather i n his prophetic office, and it ia-hinted among !$25 that Aid-. Brady would not vote £cr. iiie confirmation of Mr. formances quite «»O0kitable. In the Fifth Wardvochoolthe eveningwaspasaetdinari elocutionary exhibition exclusively,underthedirectionof.,OacarP.JE.:we,writing.'from NauvoOy-under date of Feb. 15, says: , ;household ntensils may be sent to Mrs. Hustings, No. 61Amitystreet, New-Yprk.:'*•*JosephSmithVjri,:soh'of'the intoProphet,ishere,undeirstbod among the Saints to be the successor of his ,Mr. Tucfcer'e confirmation, and statedrffcat Mr. Tucker's brother school. The attendance was very largo and >,the per-tfJreet and Union place, through Fourteenth street,with double track, t o Broadway, adjoining Union as also the other members of the family. Joseph is .Nassau-street stoop of the saloon, and introduced tho subject of. •DANGEROUSBrttcLARs.—Atanearlyhourlast publieatlarge.Tosquare. .......A R T * **' Geographieal and S.( - Committee of leadin, -dtizena(amongthereason to hope that vain. ,Theepecia!opedition is to determ tioh of an open Poh and the eEittehce o:Efihed by a variety seaDr.Hayeshopee portionofthetripoi he and bis associates• previous expedition "-•ATTX»rj»Tj:DSncr~A few-, days smet age, of No. 42 Wee rested on complaint who accuses him of-tatterynponherself givebailforhisa Yesterday bis bondn«nd desired to give ^rom his hoods. T h prisonertothecells." Court-iooro, Hamjlt window to the groi prevented by his y, placed in a cell wi! *2neditaticns.Shortly after, Ha "Keeper that the yot- , 'Hastening to his tHamilton had cutknife, and was $rju .'Surgeon was imr ^wound, and placed> after thoroughly act -"ianotaseriousone.lfollowing letter to^ M r D l t A B W I F B :• troold Mcrtfico xnjr-I?'thewould-bewiseones thatheisabouttoassumethe T»:okcr as.President ofxho Croton Bo^rd.'. Itoldhimtint1 asked by the resoiation ci inquiry before p&£j«b>g- the A. Hall, Mathew T. Brennan, Jay S. Treat, Charles. robes of his sacred office. Be that as it may.it is true \ <kad nothing to do with Aid. Brady'* b^in^n; if lie chose toPark,urgingtheproprietyof.obtainingth«information'Jevening two men were observed in a hall-wayin Maiden lane, near Naesau .street, trying the doora of the different rooms. Seeing that they were observed, they beat a hasty retreat up Nassau street. An alana was then raised, and several citizens attempted to ar-TheFourteenth-street billincorporatesMessrs.Wm.bill Williams,JamesM.Sweeny,SidneyA.Yeomans, 1tVh.Oa+t\h<eK%isaYnwow»roentte^r^taminmin.gr oa/dWelAefgrra.ftiromnfftvrwoym,'SaU.lUt<.VOt6forTucker,hemight;itwasnoneofmybusiness. Mcln-Tfl aoplied: 'John is very foolish -, he might just as well maksMr. JAQUES supported the motion to t*ke the huT Charles W. Lawrence, and Jared Gilson, and their Lake, who are using every persuasion in thoir power tyriet,tj$a2o,mWiJs0da:sJnootb, ;as notuini; jsrould ever be »*id about it.' I Vie*-Principal. Mastep* jiU'sse, Temple, Gedney, Os-/tLtttj$2 C<J0 aa not, in uotlnu/; should ever be »tldfrom the table and defended the management of the astoeiates, with power to construct a reilroad com- to convince the young prophet that he is called of God ropliedr, i t was Mr. Bradv'n business bow he voted—not mine. trander, and Benedict distinguished themselves. -It isPark. He read a letter frcm James V?. l^W****31! [ mencing at the intersection of Fourteenth street with forthwith to assume the office and proceed to Salt JLle then urged me to see Mjr. B*rady, which 1 promised t o do;a noticeable lkct tiiat hi this school, unlike most evon- ingEchools,nearlyhalf,ofthetiuueof thehigher,class- es has been devoted to the pursQi6 o f elocutionary at-favoring the bill. Eleventh avenue, thence through Fourteenth street, Mr. A RCULARIUS supported the bill. He called*^ by double traek, to Hudson atieet; thence throughtention to the fact that none of the daily papers of New- Hudson to Troy street; thence by single track t oLake, and take the head of the Mormon Council. J o - sephisamanof good,strongsense,andshouldheun- dertake the station, I have no doubt would .endeavorand ho wanted mo to see hup (Mclntyre) at 3 c'clock that after- noon. To get rid.of him,J promisedtodono,but Ididnotgo to the Ajldormon, nor d i d ! go ajam to see Mr. Mclntyre. I never told Alderman Brady aboutihe offer of Mclntyre to bet,resttlem,butwere eluded by the burglars.At theYork had disapproved of the management*of the Park Fourth street; thence to Macdougal street; thence to to make a reform among the people. He is -decidedly nntil now, OHT am making this statement; but I told bim of Dr. tainme»ts. The ey«tem o f Free Evening Schools as Fitzmaurice, who instantly seized one of them, whenjandalsotothefactthetax-payerstherehad pelremonstratedagainsttheact. TheGovernorhad «*eoapprovedofthemanagement. ThesefactsshouldfiUs&rxa opposition,Mr. CONKXA1SG denied any intention to attack theBleeckef street; thence, by double track, to Crosby against polygamy, in favor of ooedience.;tio:l«#, and Tucker's offer to bet. ThejAlderman merely asked If I bet him,opposed,irianyform,toimBtingtheGenfflesi*ItistoandIreplied,Ididnot.establishedinthiscityisa-boontothousandsofhonpat bewasassaultedbytheother.OfficerNivensoftheChatham Btreet a n d Park row, with, double ever, is beset on the other aide by an organization of public, merely adding that if Mr. Tucker really did the pupils free from less legitimate ways o f spending to the r e m ^ ^ g culprit, who was making all the re-street; thence,throughCrosby toHowardstreet;thencetoElmstreet;tneucetoLeonardstreet;thence,by single track, through Elm street to Reade street; in making Salt Lake the home of upright,-'law-abiding" WILLIAM D. C.l.vrr\tnr xr« onTW-..t-nn* » " "WILLIAM D.CAMiOCK,No.30Troy street."apprenticesandmechanics,aswellasofshopandjew- SecondWard,coming up atthetime,attemptedtoas- With this simple statement of facts I leave the issue ing girls, having the twofold good effect f>£ affording sist the detective, when one of the burglars struck him thence t o Centre street; thence through Centre to citizens, instead of a den of thieves. Joseph, how- of veraeity raised by Mr. Tucker in his card, with the the best o f instruction and at the same time keeping arid £ed. Both the officers then turned their attention,behopedthathewillundertakethe task^ahd~Bucceedcharacter of the Commissioners, but stated that h ehad In his drawer very grave charges against some o f track t o Broadway. Also connecting with t h e Mormons in this State, who are to meet in Council at " instantly and peremptorily interfere, and forbid the them.Heclaimedtobeanearlyandearnestfriend doubletrackinCenterstreetatReadestreet, Amboy,ontho6thofAprilnext,tobecometheirhead, useinanycaseofaBinglodollar,"hisfriend,,Mr.theJonghoursoftheWinterevenings.sistanceinhibpower.Hewasdraggedpartoftheway down BeekmaJ1 stored toward the Station-House,when he suddenly attempted C° ^ ^ a revolver to use W scle, that a storm was brewing over the heads o f tho street. Also connecting with the double track in Hud- fupal to receive Mr. Longworth's consignment of his that night after the Board was in session in tfie^room evening, the Mozart General Committee met at Mozart on the officer. His hand was in pocket, when theson-street at Troy-street, through Hudson-street, withsingle track, to the southerly end of Abingdon-snuareandBleecker-atreet; thencethroughBleecker,withsingletrack,toMcDougalstreet,theretoconnectwithYork (Mr. Conkling) read from The Leader attack the double track in Bleecker-tttreet. Also connecting he had sent a present of hiB 'sparkling Catawba' to^lae upon the honesty of the Commissioners, but would with the double track in Park-row, through Beekman, old criminal John Brown as a token o f admiration of sot, himself, charge them with dishonesty. He read with single track, to Sonth-street; thence to Fulton; his heroic services in getting up a negro insurrection inof the Clerk of the Common Council, with his urgent offers and solicitations.detective placed a revolver u n c o m i ^ ^ 0 1 ? d o 6 e *° *"* teeonContestedSeatsreportedprogress,butnode- headahdmildlypersuadedhimtoproc^^peaceably.pressed with great vigor. Mr.. I'ilabury is to go out. rooms, large enough to stow and cool the carcasses of Aldermen will squabble and fight over the confirmation yet, us 1 made no objection, h e considered i : the same, &o.fewlinesofrailroads.Theseroods,fewastheyare-,sionforthenewlock-gate. behoih'.edwithhiaownpetard.Anewbillietobetopoftheice,where,asitcools;itfallstothebottompresentdirtystateofthingsisbeginningtofindventwasrespectingseuduistheboyonshore,andtheprisoners.a« wed inadequate to the present wants of the City have Witnesses; the name of Cooper was not even mentioned. It I THE GENERAL RAILROAD L A W . run through the Legislature. The old Board are to go of flues, and passes into the cooling rooms in just such in picturesque street-graves, with sarcastic ineorip- ' had known of such a demaud, it would have saved much trouble,js&inly contributed to the increase of the population, Mr. Conkling presented a bill in Assembly, to amend by the board. Oakey Hall, Mr. Strauahan, and Mr. quantities aa may be required to keep tho temperature tions, in which the City Inspector and the Common although I thought T placed him perfectly withiu the reach ot and have carried annually more than 25 millions oi the Goncxal Kailroad law. It requires that quarterly Bowen are to be the new Board. John A. Kennedy, 'thy civil law by sending him to the Court.passengers, while the omnibusses »till do a very exten- joe*tings shall be held to receive the reports of the one of the Supervisors, the head of the Immigrant at about 4iJ deg. Fahrenheit, which is regulated'by Council fare very sadly. A mound in Spruce-street , As to the witnesses wishing tbeir discharge for tear of punish-sive business, yet the present roadu traverse but an in- Boards of Directors, and that the Board shall, on 20 days depot at Castle Garden, and holding several other of- opening t»> valves more or less. I n these rooms the yesterday, where the mud ia almost unfathomable^ was ' ment, no man has' ever been punished for his evidence in theby any o f the nomerouB ferries which hourly pour so by .not leas than ten stockholders representing not Superintendent under the new order. The Mayor of upper part of an ice-house, but ia as dry and well adapt* npon a pole, a worn-out broom, and the legend :OOiamued to the last, us I will, 1 trust, be able to show at the. ptopertime. Whatinterestcould1haveinevadingthelaw? I Mdnoknowledgeorinterestiuthecase,otherthantodomy dnty. HIH'. proceed to th* port of my destination as soon as poo- sihle; aud 1 know that, as all the facts were laid before the Navy Department, the case could be tried at the regular teem, and tho witness'* ordered home.Hy giving this correction a place in your paper, you will greatly ob'iye Your ob't servant, 1). G. KARKAOCT. Captain.U. S. Ship Brooklyn, orl btato nUland, March 2, 1800. " - . m • "asmeansadequate to the public wants.reports of all liabilities, asset*, and businessoperatioiiS sinoe the last meeting, shall be made by theWrecors. Eaeh proxy used a t such meetings shall P WARLIKE RUMORS.—It was currently reported yes- with a dry north or west wind blowing. One of thesebenefit all c;assee—property owners, mercWts, pro- for-whichi**eional men, and mechanics, as v/eil as visitors <£om 5£*?ji • w given,! and the specific power it'is de-space i s a t t h e side a n d o n a level withoneqwiterofthecapitalstock;andatsuch New-Yorkisto'becountedout. Suchistheplan—itmaysucceed,itmayfail."edtokeepmeatasitisanupperroomupona day•'Sacrodtotft«MemoryoftheStrootIimp^ctor. " Requicscat in Mud."ntireiyThe Committee believe these railroad* hi the city Duuxetbe porsoa to whom it is given, and the purposes terday that the leading army officers had been ordered rooms extends under the ice, b u t tho" principal ing a meeting of the delegates from the various Irishwhen the temperature is naturally at the same degree,Societies of this city was held at No. 40 Priuco street regard to Mexican artairs, and that subordinate officers , he ice-houae floor. O n e o f these rooms President Sanford in the chair. Justice Connolly was on furlough bad been commanded to join their regi- about thirty b y a hundred feet, well-lighted b y elected Grand Marrhal, and Jamea Ri}ey and Thomasto Washington to consult with the War Department.inCOWJTKKFXIT Biixs.—Charles McGuire was ar- rosted yestoiday. charged withhavingpasseda*2counterfeit r oili o r V i d l d f o r m o r e t h a n ments forthwith. Upon inquiry in official quarters we large basement windows, formed by three sets of liyan aids. The following Societies will unite in the bill of t i e People's Bank of Roxbury, Mass., o u Kra.uk Sexvou**>not e manager* or directors. Gives the Board of Di- The 420 recruits on Governor's Island are soon t o b eof No. 419 Seventh' avemte. Justice Kelly committed the ac-n o o r emseen in a hot Summer day, sitting, cool and comfort- nevolent Sons o f Erin; Coghlin Guard; Dugnanwhich serve a 3 perfectly t o keep t h e heatedatmosphere out, a s a first-rate ice-houao wall. bernians; Barry Benevolent Society; Longshoremen'sPICKPOCKETS AT THE OPERA.—A gentleman namedolament .%bove their had his pocket picked of a wallet containing several work cutting and salting beef, a hundred quarters of Protective Society; St. James R. C. Society; It. Cv cil o f New-York, requesting a set o f colore for theMteThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Documentpineboards,BOastoform-adonblewall,withtheGnard, and Garryowen MusVeteers. The Ancient Or*P<JTMCK COMMISSIONKHS—RESIGNATION O Kpect, and finally employed Officers Lee and Cornell of T H Kthe Harbor Police to ferret out the matter* On Thurs-Hams, afterbecause the atmosphere is perfectly dry.being smoked, aTe packed in tierces without salt, andkeep perfectly sweet in these great cooling-rooms. of groceries of all kinds have disappeared from the Verily, ice ia a great institution.Board on the 16th of January last, rescinding the in the thievery. The two Barrys, he says, detectedthe Eighteenth, and Michael Sullivan of the Sixth.The resignation of Geo.-E. Keyser of the Steamboat near Fifth avenue. I t appears that the recent destruc-port among the carters of ashes and garbage, that the cigars found on the negroes as belonging to him.! A complaint was then entered against the prisoners, whohoe. In the Fourteenth Ward a gang ot rowdies ter-' Pluck, on the Bloomingdale road, near Ninetieth street,- doubtlessthebenefitwillbeasubstantialone.The riiiedtheworkmenwhodesiredtofulfilltheirengage-" causingabout$300damage.Itwasoccasionedbythemuch interested i n the daring feats o f Zoyara, andexplosion of a fluid lamp.COMMUNICATION FROM CAPT. FARRAGUT.\ CITY RAILROADS. Eagle, Ellis Edmonds, and John Lord, and their as- both Democrat and Republicans, who Btand now light- whence a special train will take them to Boston. D a n the street-cleaning succeaslally. I f he does Ins work. Capt. Famgut, in his testimony before the Court, stated " thatsignees, with authority to construct a roaa commencing ing between the two, unsparing of and unshared by Rice is hoaxing the Philadelphia's, with a rider whom faithfully, and gives us clean streets, we are assuredJ the g8«B wero under his care, aud could not be proenred withoutpresent on a call of the roll, and the House adjourned until to-morrow morning.ments, and those i n the Seventeenth were likewise to-night, and open at the Boston Academy of Music on threatened with violence. Mr. Smith has succeeded,\ ' TnmOurOwnC«rr««pondwat.-Monday. The steamboat Commodore has been char- however, in engaging enough men, in addition to'track through Tenth avenue to the southerly side o f Thirtieth street.entire company leave for Boston after the performanceTheBarclayutreetandSouthFerrybillincorporates "Itisreallydispiritingtotriedandtruemenofthe. ALBANY, rM^.y>March2>iS6(>. Messrrf. Albert Bristol. Albert Van Kleeck, William North, who have been valiantly contending against tered to convey th e establishment to Norwich, those who have returned to their work, to prosecute Snt: In your paper of this morning you state thatThe feature of th» d*iy has been the reports of the on Broadway, at a point opposite Barclay street, and neither, to find their way made harder and their task hl» order." I b«g that you will correct that statement, aa a com-Assembly CommtKee on Cities and Village* on the sub- running tbence downBroadway, with a double track, to more difficult by such an administration of aid and he announces as the " Genuine Zoyara." This bogus that he will have no • difficulty in obtaining hia pay. mon act of jnntico to inc. So far from making any such statement,'jectofRailroadsintheCityofNew-York. TheCom- Bowling(Ireen,thencearoundthewe«tsideofBowling comforttotheirmoreformidablecompetitors.Intheir ZoyaraiasaidtobeaboynamedReed,whohasbeen MeanwhilewhydonottheAldermeneettoandorder\ Istateddistinctlythutnoonehudtheauthoritytogagamanonaffiliation with Republicans Messrs. Davis of Md.} ^ u M i u v a j t m ^ v ; Green and through and along Broadway, with a single and Ethcridgc of Tenn., are so unrcscrped iliat espe-smttee presented an elaborate and unanimous report on track, to State street, through State street to White- cial complaint is not made of them. Their choice o f position upon that side being well understood nothe City Inspector to advertise in due form for propo-sals to clean the streets for iive years, and let us havea healthy, harmonious system of street purification in- ' knowledge, on board the ship. I f such a thing is *ver neces-with Rice all the season. thegeneralsubjectoftheproprietyandnecessityfor-hallstreet,throughWhitehalletreet?withdoubletrack,counter:ictionisexpectedofthem.Itistoothersre- COOLING.—Someofourcountryfriendsmaybeaugurated and maintained ?sary,itiarequiredtobereportedtotheCaptain;butinthec»«e referred to.no such report was ever made, nor did 1 know that any violence had been necessary toward the man, until his^deathrailroads in the city, and recommended the passage of to the South Ferry; thence returning through White-puted t o b e altogether national, that exception ia fiv« bills. The report reffcTStothe rapid growth and hall street, with a single traek, to and to connect with taken."curious to know how the packers in this City can man-less the streets are cleaned by some • such arrangement aswenowhave,weshallhavetowallowiuthemire'to-Mr.TompkinsIknownot.Mr.Tompkinsstated,inacardpubliwhed in 7*ta» Herald, Jan. 6, " that he inad« known the ar- " The new arrangement in regard to the police is about 2,000 tuns of ice, to which are attached cooling till Summer, and then he choked by the dust, for the rangement to me, anJ that,'although 1made no pledge myself,CELEBRATION OF ST. PATRICK'S DAT.—Lasv. evenat No. 28 Pearl street.Fpr some, time large quantities!day afternoon at the Police Headquarters, Mr. Bowen watching by seeing Tarte leaving the store with tWo\being called to the chair i n the absence of President boxes of cheese in his arms. He was taken into cus- Stillman. After the transaction of some preliminary tody and locked up for the night. Next morning, on business, Mr. Bailey presented a petition signed b y seeing Mr. Brown, the prisoner confessed that he had fifteen or twentymerchantspraying thatthepowers been in the habit of stealing from the store,and;of the General Superintendent be restored. I t was mentioned articles o f the value o f $238 which he 'ordered on file.Mayor Wood offered a motion .that the action of the and Daniel Barry, also employed i n t h e store,the first, he offered $5,000 for my vote, but I invariablytold him that I would not accept his money on anyconsideration. Mr. Gideon J. Tucker himself called powers of the General Superintendent be reconsidered. him in the act o f carrying off goods, and by threaten- . twice at my house, and offered to divide the patronagehad stolen. He implicated two men named Jamea/cupied as an asylum, islocated in Eighty-eighth street,corner of Beekman street they encountered detectiveTotheEditorofThetf.Y.Tribune.the Jury had required Cooper to be taken caro of, and delivered www.fultonhistory.com 