 liriafIlittle more than two weeks from the day when the pro management, and appears to a few days in "The Irisholamattoa of the King raye the order to UN troops to Emigrant" and "Heady Andy." Brougham made a very pass tha border* the work waa accomplished. Under the favorable impression at the Hay market, hut it Is thought that he might have selected a better piece for his debut Vigorous blows of the royal flail the grain of n now har- thaa "Remncce and Reality." Tne Adelphi is crammedvesthasbeenbeatenout,and theworthless strawnot everynight,and promises to remain soformonthsto come; Mr. Bouretaeult and Mian Agnes Robertson seem chaff hate been scattered to the winds. to have London all their own way. Mr. Webster, the ma- The Pope's paladin—poorGeneraldo Lamoriclero—has nagerofthe Adelpbt,goestoDruryLanetheatre,andtakesWilliam Attorbury, here had under consideration a pro- Fabbrl in the role of Valentlna; and the debutr# a>, Itdemocrats Ippw *e thssst than Hiay "•^JTewwrntf dental tor M M H i a i U a t U i i * ! i H w cams la for eehereefthe sdvaenaaes•V«w CJser*e/"J<TM£r7!L?IulT *!»h.constituted,tf, "OtonilWlet already.JemtoeEilry.te him forsaaaar^^^L-AtatoaSMdaOPgaMlWTIiaiaitTaaes " > • *sesjegsBaews j p!•'".•sSsHBiftgg^i,.imM JX.fc.1Si: KirKl. ~^>T»'•«-£a** <* Duchess of Welltoft«,l»okirjipsnkynn4tolt,bwtbona-•BW- Ba•rwBjt >3. Me>aW ffJTi ••mirf— to royalty h e * thay m wTho^iaamehljt rnitoa.qeak wattoa.rrom Havre and tiiuiasatodtognawer.daalMspanttohor park phaotoa. Southampton lTih mat, paased Cape Race at six A M. onto fusion FusUeurs, MI Aamvloaa military oompanv. pwwed was 61 years af ege ant wag a aaUreoir-K ^ M B I Be» - ~ -. >i^— M M U faaalBBBefaah *—•tossntoed that he shall no longer reign a s a temporal yrtscj. They are wisely resolred to break and diipelfor-with Sardinia means a war with France; and a war with France oa this subject means a war with England also.LTVkSFOOL BREADSTTTFFS XARXBT. Wakefield,Nash &Co., Richardson, Bpenoer k Co. andlataKshould prove to bere-o t.^Xert. it hevteg been settled that he ah.-mMit w a s asserted that great consternation prevailed among the Turin Cabinet, in consequence of the Rawian sad Prussian ambassadors having remitted formal pro tents against the Sardinian invasion of the kingdom ofdUcoyeredoneend at the house was mostly burnt, andburned that it died the seme evening. •* " Fran ra Dmsrox smart —Shortly alter eleven o'clock a Ore broke out In a grocery store corner af Dirtoloaandyear kindness with much gratitude.They have proceeded to Baltimore, via Washingtoncity, to take passage rn tbe packet M C Stevens, which haves for Liberia this week, with nearly one hundred emigrants and several miastonertes, who will on toe voy- age begin to educate them. Years, truly,J. B. PINNEY.Captain Johm WH .on.HIS CLAIM ON TBSTJHtrSB STATES Pi R DAMAGES FOR THX SEIZURE O P H I S VESSEL DUitl.NU THE HEX1CAHW AS*TO v a n BDTTOB o r r u e n a A u o .Captain John Wilson, now the subject of commendationon all sides, formerly sailed a vessel to the Gulf af Mexi- co, sad always ranked high as a bold, honest sad faithful, mariner. He has a claim on the United State* for damage resulting from a a Illegal seizure o f a vessel, t h e Star , duriig the Mexican war; up to this time be has in vain sought redress. Perhaps his courageous and gallant eon- duct may interest your citisena aad others to enable him to obtain redrew for aa unjust act of military power.t«iporU-J1U M l f W dfpwacfcino-itoey One and jadNtt»k,a%.,efethanks to the jost aad reasonable policy towards ItalyThe rebels attacked ffljsnghae August 18th and were Mr. Conway waa a little stow and pedantic in Isgo,firstiqdad- renntal parade o f the membera o f t h e Williamsburg Firethe cess lalintoltowwylitU. woo may be rteotol--that results wjal be the came. A change to your politics means"only n change to saen, t h e people will continue t o increase, multiply, work and coaaume as bafore; and Itis gene- rally believed that n o American ministry will darn totouchtanslave lawn or Impose amorerestrictive tariff; therefore the production o t cotton saw the consumption ofmanufactureswillnotboaffected;andastoraswonan concerned year political excitements create no sympa- thy or care.enthusiasm.t h e great Powers, except England, had signified to theTurin Cabinet their BOB recognition of the blockadeofts the Invariable rate at pretest their offlowa, I ds» atoaetvt witt make rnueh W paeltcopiatoneeeaaeaastrong- a e / T b e b o * tereg etogttohtewf* totokeen awar tram thebeat*afBtJMKr.TODTATB—Two children ofEdward Woostor, of Falls Village, Conn., were b urnea t a death lastThe mother toft toe house for a short time, and locks three children, who, while ptoytug, accidentally segl horse on fire, aad became so frightened that they wenthereafter. will succeed In arousing us to soma improvement*. % As St is not probable that to* demand made for inter- In the way of amusement there is not much now. Hervention,torestorethe dismembered provinces, willbo Majesty'stheatrewas opened this weekwitha hybrid company—Italian tpsra thrtoea weak and English Operaposed, however, It is certain that the house was a largely paying one. It la fortunate that the manage meat, In the dearth of patronage whlofa the Opera hastheyshouldhavecome forward thus handsomelyinaidoftheapparentlydesperateeffortortheircompatriotsto ENGLAND—nrTBRBSTING CORRESPONDENCE—LBTTKR retrieve the failing fortunes of the lyrical muse.Putnam Hook and Laddertruck, decorated with various accused ot having embesatod his employer's property to sized American flags; forty men. * the above mentioned amount. The defendant gave bail NeptuneSteamEngine. Onehundred andfiftymen; inthesumof$5,000toanswer,aadthecasewmseatbe-been vaaa.uiahed in a shorter time, and brought to a hu-mlttatton more complete, tnan even we, with no faith inthe success of the crusade which ho tor so long n timewaa diligently organising, were prepared to expect. Theprisoners taken In too various successful encountershave bean hurried towards the North, and passed acrostIk* border into Switzerland and Austria as rapidly aswith him that portion of the Adelphi company rejected by BourcicaulV It Is understood that the management ot thin theatre Is now in the hands ot the dramatist, and will remain so throughout the winter.The Leaden public are filled with astonishment at the invasion of New York artists. John Brougham and Mrs. Wood monopolise the Haymarket, MltaGougenhelm, JohnLorAPalmerston,onthesubject:—No. 10 WAIX Sramw, Naw YORK, Aug. 81, I860.To the Right Honorable Viscount PAUMJISTOS, &C :— MiLORD—1donotknowhowfar1amcorrect In ad-dressing your lordship on the subject of this communlca tion,or whether It is one that property belongs to another depaatment of government, but If in error on this point I beg your lordship to excuse me, and to direct me to the right channel in which to address m y Inquiry.ThequestionIhavetoask yourlordshipto,whethera ctrxipany, of say 100 men, Including a baud or music,of the New York State Militia, would be permitted to land In Ecg<acd and parade armed and equipped as a militaryefforts In Hhe duet with Raoul in the third act, and in the closing scenes of the opera, she ws 8 admirable, a n d , taken altogether , h e r performance fuBy sustained the expectations that had been formed or it. The debut or Mademoiselle Natall was quite a success. She has a good mezzo soprano voice, not powerful, but round and sweet m its tones, with an expany 13, but when was put a atop to by an energetic policeman, a t t b e corner o f North Fourth a n d Second streets, and who walked eff a number of the first named company to "durance vile," for disorderly conduct. Long before the shades of evening had fallen, each companyafternoon, and handed over to the custody of police- man Eastbrook, of the Broadway squad. When kicked np in the station house of the Eighth precint She prisoner became so violent that it waa found necessary to put a straight jacket upon h e r . Mary waa full or right, a n d struggled so hard that it took three of the police to suD* due her.TUB AUXGBD IKSTXASCX FBATTJB.—The extm lnatioa i spossible. They have had abundant reaaoa to be grateful Drew sad Mrs. Charles Howard are the sole support otfor thekindnessshownthem,andthegenerosity whlcti theLyceum,whileBourclcaultand Agnes Roberts*aareenabled then to escape with their Uvea. With n the in permanent possession of the Adelphi. There is al-Italian kingdom, soldiers of too regular army, as wall as ready some talk of building a theatre here oa the. Ameri- oompaates of the recently mobilised National Guard, are can plan for the latter gentleman and his charming wife,BilliaittTournamenta tPmelStn'S.the other, by actual inspection, ao well aa the whole is factsjustly acsompliahed, and there are facts unjustly aoknown by many intelligent foreigners, who are forever compltabed. Tha partition of Poland is nn uecomplUued wandering ovtr the country. fact; but time baa not stomped it with the seal or justice. The moat eloquent aad ardent voices of Christendom havenent citizens, professional men, bankers and merchants. Our visit is proposed to be merely one of pleasure, which, however, would be much enhanced to us sbouldicg. Their qaartetto of last season.o fperformersi st h e semea s thattions or the spectators, though it was exceedingly good and steady. It was won b y Mr. Kavanagb, who defeated Mr. White by 132 points. Mr. Kavanagh scared 53 twice, but the average number or his scores was about 20 Mr.aowabl.toex«eiktothecoaatry,go through its entire go out of it without betof suhjeotod to those addelayswhichweremadebythepoUoe,lordship's ravorable consideration, I have the honor to be vour lordship's most obedient servant,brought before Judge Welsh.Mr. Flanagan, the counsel of young Hurry, has re-balls, thereby gaining an advantage of fifty per cent in the score, which stood sa follows, the lead betog won by Mr.Tieman;—ifnsn-JTawonwe»|Ute»tetc,sfs- Londontonownotoftown.Fewbattery by Tee redoebtobto Oaptatn demandedibri ArUd*~J*k*Mr.WUlmmmgatoe of the emaptomt betog ttoa, which is befog conducted wee eat ready to go oaw ah unliotnaedeta the aBeged aeeaeft by Marshal Ry»7d h i s friend, when they nailed o nthetftree itttto0Jf **"* ** J"***»• «tettolThe Maruuia of Normauby, tost rone of suauaor, blooms inPtnondiUy. Howcome,itthatoneoftonmastpopni*,, gentlest, a n d saont snocasafal o f English diplomats, hasoeonpsasadtota^rnalfnwUstr Be is tha bent choice tha English Cabinet could make toaend. to Waahlngu*; » * •», Lord MuJcrave, is now Governor of NOVA gantk.Hs> Tanslabsof' «P end patoUng. th * Jaw iumTiiis intowaarerovsrdad wink laaperttaaaU nad hidlffcrentejebythantubflankwjn. WeaveeottpwantodSunday, and was boarded by the news yacht ot th-» press HernewsisthreedayslaterthanbytheAsiaatNewY ork.the Fulton has » a pasawigou sad 300 tons of anrge;She bed experienced a <OAtisnntlcn of severe galos sicoe Jeevte| Southampton. .• •._ » e tteeaebip teeioeto^from Newtork,arrived at Wires oa ahe Uth., en rewfe to Hamburg.The steamship Anglo Saxon, from Qaebec, arrived at r«»deaderry oa the ltHb, en rotU« to Liverpool.thesteamshipAdriatic,fromNewYork,arrivedat Cowenon the Iflih.on her way to Havre.tHB WA.B IN TTAIfT.the Neapolitan Princta had ordered a renewed attackag itost the G»Hbaidlans.VrotorEmanueltuUrsNaples onthe13th. Heh\dal,,< U ,re8e..J?, *. T» "fr. <M took an active'part S « eOptionorthePrinceofWakto,«iaobymdawltoBrllShThe Theatrea Last Mtgrmt., NIBLO'8 GARDEN—MIL 1ORRRST AS OTHELLO.Laat night Mr. romst commenced the seventh week of**« engagement, playing one of his first rota-OthelloAsusualoatheForrestnight*,thetheatrewas tradedtoexeses. Not only were all the available seat* occupied,betlargenumbersof ladlesandgentlemen,encamped tothe lobbies and corridors, obtained transitory vtows of twelve c e r ^ , Buon, sa Mr. Joseph Monqntn, g torrt^ u - etoan through a d l m j ^ adtorded b y oetosioaejmgntn avenue cars w aae museum, he was knocked down and run over by an omnibus driven at a furious and care less rate of speed, the horsespassing over his body, when they werestopped by oneorthe passers by. Mr hi was taken out between the fore and hind wheels of the stage greatly bruised and injured.toasatatl,ooaof.thowayroom,nnAfnntwno do « t go homo for to. 1 p ^ The tost toplo hero mlavHaalaHn.- -like schoolboys ^ i****,.Ior offal removed from the city Hmlta, 2.U0. ^ J^fTJ*TMTM * •**«*•« - < * ***** tast,abeat- tn»v»— •'*... . ^-^*on«41n8yrto,nn4.Oct-W.IMO. Ao* or« AVsft-ftpica-T*,HaTabh ba!dl ea^of^tboaa4dtntial"» M. do Cavour a JsWfte H; la Gar!-Otter WrraMtranaaIZm*,****-renKisntisJelaBtinfc Haafi.question"hastoneouthereandThe rosy old Duke of\ Ytoa*aaTOM,Ock»,M«f, ITheBto Bieeaave eadtaesavtomllitory oompa, aoIrPtoasan\c hSno-*sunny (f) aideofPallMaltThe. •t w ,mmanner or matter o fbythe Italian question bss nt toft exhibited the drat mova• a w • • ha hem to time to he preaeat la the Nnpokoale game o f empire. The invasion of the Naples. The Russian Ambassador will demand bis p u s'Attorney streets, kept by Simon Koch. ted a t about $1,600; said to be Insured. T i M i r EXCTJBSIOKS —The followingpassed our office yesterday :—Damace assam—onaftheKnag'sewthday.oatoe15th. portsMnoattentiontnpaidtotheprotests.aao the fiftieth eaalverenry o f the foundation m jwTi.Tu^ttr"d^rtJ h7i*Pi»ithalltheicW . • „| to siaptaliiaa aa event—(I mean the acniver- aot tha birthday L On the I s m the Prince will nTaanaw t s join the Emperor• of the accouchement of hw wifePapal States by the Sardln ians waa planned b y Louis Na- poleonandVictorEmanuel,andwithoutthisstepthe progress of Garibaldi would have been checked oa the confines of the Neapolitan terrllory b y the concerted an- ilea or the other European Powers So long as < laribaldiMasxlnahasrefasedtoleaveNaples.The vote on the question of annexation to Piedmont is to be token in Sicily October El.targetcompaniesto leavo hto capital. What will remained in King Bomba's dominions ha wan merely the _ aiy la tha spectacle of political deiiberattQe*i the tote of Europe may depend being postponed head of n revolutionary party acquiring their freedom byGeneral Goycn had reoctmpied Viterbo.Three new forti, armed with rlQed cannon, have been judicious or critical roption of his auHence. His per-The Madison Light Guard, Captain Vale, numbering about 40 men, and making a creditable appearance.The Centre Market Guard, Captain J. Cellklns, number- ing 45 muskets.WaUer Roach Guard, Captain McCorten, andThe Fulton Iron Works Guard, composed mostly of men employed in the Fallon Iron Works.• iady Pth "out of her reckoning*"»2i*oce to thd aeeetrcg »* Warsaw there will he a ereetl i a n a H a t » a Polish W t with a a unproaoimoableaw by special order of the Cxar, who is said to be aand connected with an electric battery.THE WAR IN CHINA.Advices from China state that the allied troops rnachedthe Peiho August 1, and established campi at Pehtang.leading na invasion abroad. To this step, how-aver, ho had pledged hiaself, s a l , indeed, the and attacked the Tartar camp on the 13th, when the• L t Nlmrod. Princes' Charles and Albert o» Prussia,Earaad Doke of Saie Weimar,and a whole posse of no longer leading a domestic revolution nt home, butpaeai tad nebtow, are leaving 8erttj> tola morning to aaThey found the northern a a d southern forts evacuatedsettta.J / e t r s — A s ml eVmH fisfinnCorrespondence Ftowracn, Oct. 8,I860.Pop*'* Allocution—A GUmc* a t Re fnAjreewstaww-ario*—Abolition o fspirit of tao people waa only rained to thedesperation of revolt by the anticipation offreedom tor tha whole Italian moo. Napoleon foresaw theperil wbiQh would occur when Garibaldi, b y crossing intothe Ronton States, aroused too monarchlei of Karope tointerfere, and h o threw t h e Sardinian forces from the north into t h e Legations, nad caused the invasion to be*Chinese find In disorder.At the departure of the mail the allies were oppjsltoth. Taku foita, where the Chinese were preparing to re- sist, t h e grand attack waa to take place August 15.a proviso that if the place was occupied by the American army, tha vessel was to return to New Orleans. The town of Maumoras was in possession ofthe Ameri- cans when the Star reached that place, hut the Collector allowed tbe vessel to enter, gave her captain permttaion to land his cargo, and cleared his Teasel for New OrleansDepartment took place yesterday afternoon. A s a pa- in ballast. After the cargo was landed (which waa verygeant i t was eminently successful. A few companies d id valuable), t h e CJHector seized vVessel a n d cargo for an alleged violation of | the law, in notturnout,neverthelessthemenonthe1letofmarch theactoflancingcargo,Ac.Thicaptainwaaputlanumbered considerably over one thousand, distributed prison. Tbe veaael was sent to Galveston, aad aa there among sixteen or seventeen companies. The day, too, was no oneto defend her, she was condemned ant sold. was well adapted to the display, fraught as it was with The cargo was the property of a French subject, whomade bisclaim on theTreasury Department for his all the glories of the Indian summer. All along the liae toss, and who, on proof of the facts stated,made by a monarch who b a d doae t h e tame thing b y m rmmI hf the great imperial democrat of France, Austria a few years before. Garibaldi's forces will notREBELLIONThe Swiss troops had mutinied a t Samarang; ni&e werekilled and thirty-five subsequently hanged. AllrallwrrisingQhdbeendiscoveredInJava inseasonkingdom of the T w o Sicilies fcrope wan prepared t o ac- knowledge; but If tha insurgent chief crossed the Papal frontier his progress took n different nspoct, and he wasdictive, and prolongs the struggle between his convictions ana his love for the lady whom he has resolved to put away. Mr. Forrest's Othello is a strong, full, earnest per- formance, realizing the author's meaning according to the plain reading of the text. Hm polnta (to speak technically) In the fourth and fifth acts were made with to much artistic finish and suhlued energy as to cany the audience with him against its own convictions. He makes Othello so generous, so noble that we forgn his absurd credulity. For the nagf, the play did not suffer so much at the handsel the acSgfii as "Lear" and "Hamlet."TanEIQIXTO*Gt-ARD—Thisfinecompanr, ommandedby Captain Geo. McCoy, composed of the employei of theEagleton Wire Mi.ls, o f New Y ork, passed our office lastSaturday, on their return from Staten Island, where theyhad been for a day's target practice. They marched withgreat precision and evinced marked skill tn toe handlingof their muskets. They numbered seventy-five maakeis, Captain Wilson owned the Star, which vessel w e t sad in passing paid a marching salute tothetxaalu) chartered to carry a cargo to Maumoras, withtoe cause of todepeedeacc and anion still continues to cross the frontier of the Pope, except n t incorporatedlevies of the Sardinian army, and under Victor Emanuel, V Garibaldi attempts any other step independent Of "ex- dinla,bewillbedeposed. Itisrumoredthat theSard! nlan forces are advancing from Aucona, and will formpatpariaadegmtoaatiafythe waretotohopm. t o h e•are,withinafew waaka past,some dark olouds havelata wan ruing to tha Booth; bat aa desolating storms& add apt to come from that direction, wa will hope thattat ctooda may be dispelled by the tarorable winds whichue agato beginning to blow. Tha whnla of toe noble Garibaldi may elect. On the declaration of the kingdom* i gscenemade a wavy, languishing and agreeable Diidemona, and Madame Ponlsl did full Justice to the rok of Emilia. The scenery wss new, and part of It—the port end fortress of Cyprus—very well doae. ••Othello'' on Wednesday.tenant amy j a t be gathered In without damage,Tha Fspe, to fc» laat allocation, wearies the world once awre with his mournful tale or loss and wrong. If loantod wrong, indeed, it really he, they are certainly both with very little anUenoe endured. His Holiness indulges Hi indignation without rtatrai&t, bat it H aa Indignationwith many tears. He is not, however, yet drireaof the two Sicilies in favor of Victor Emanuel, and his coronationatNaples,theFrenchwilloccupythewestern slope of the Apennines, and the Sardinians the eastern or Adriatic slope, thus dividing the occupation of the States of too Church. Sardinia will then demand a popular vote of the papal dominions to decide their sovereignty, to which Napoleon will £nat n reluctant consent; and thus the first game of lta>,'WXNTKR GARDEN.along the frontier line, than obstructing the revolution ary army, and ready either to absorb it or oppose It, asFINANCIAL A N D COMMERCIAL NEWS. LOUDON MONET MXKK.ET.Consols were quoted at the close of business, on the loth,atMX aMXtormoney,and91%foraccount.There was a better demand for Illinois Central and New York and Erie securities.LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET.The sales of the two days (Monday aad Tuesday) amounted to SO 0C0 bales, including 16,000 to specubttors and exporters. The advices from America caused an up-received payment for his goods, the United states thus admitting the seizure of the vessel and cargo to have been Illegal. Captain Wilson preferred his clam for tha value ot his vessel and his freight, but coald never pro- cure any redrets.*Tbeevidenceon which restitution waamadeto tha owner or the cargo i s on file in Washington, and fully e s - teeUshfcS the claim of Captain Wilson. Mr. Carlisle, o t Washington, and ex Senator Westcott, can both substan-*i**.i,m £->.. •.*YOEKa** ill-,*..HERALD,TUESDAY,1880.-TRIPLE_J W s t 9m general optoton horn., is, that ready entered the Neapolitan town of Gailannovi • amidmembersof the•.gm-Having, at the request of Rev W m27ih October, with ep order',"tbethrepaatlvayoatla which yearyour prompt and gent 'e- - and to hake on record my test i- condttWm af the lads They were evi-sansww wnaa* Jaw- aw^Wsv^FsawlThe market for yarns continued to have aa upward is a compllsated one. Napoleon caanot be coerced, for the tendency, while that for cotton cloths was steady.PrussiawLL1never Bonaeattosuchacontingency;and othersreportflour'dull,sadfid.lowerforsomedescrip- srertoeIllusionswhichhaveworkedsomuchharmtothusstandsthedifficulty.ThaFrenchEmperoralwaysOneofthelargestaudiencesthathasbeenassembledIntheir country. No owe doubts that toe Papacy will still plays the gaate with great popular emotions for his tions of American, which was quoted at the range ot 2ts.pieces, and though personally not a favorite with the Eu- endeavor to msTO heaven snd earth for the parpose of ropean masons, be seldom offends them, generally leadsa 30s. Od. Wheat firm, and advanced Id. a 2d, per cental,fid. al2s..',6d.; white Southern Ids. Corn quiet: mixed just such an appearance as the old Bowery wears on thearasatviag its worldly posaessloai Dearer to it are its their actions, nad never has got them Into trouble.musdaae rlchea and power than any glorlea of the other So much for'politlou. Tha Mew York system of streetrailways is going to he pat lata operation la London. yellow, 86s 61. a S7s ;white, 39s. a 41s.world, t h e former constitute its solid sapltol, upon there Is considerable difference of opinion about its appli- which it only feels able to rely, to still carry on iU large cability to tliia narrow streetel metropolis, but It will basineaa to "auronrnftlltki" promisee to pay to nature change the stupid, eld fashioned notions of the English,first night ot a new melodrama The audience, in fast, offered to the eye such a marked Teutonic aspect that the assemblage might well have been mistaken for a mamcompanied by New York Braes Band, twelve pieces. to the matter of $10 a week. Prager immediately com- Atlantic Hose Company. Carriage decorated with bou- plied with bis wife's request, aad left the El Dorato be-quets; thirty men. fore he had time to dispose of the je welry. Not reporting Washington Engine. Newly painted white; sixty men. htmseir to Mr. Wtoeberg on his arrival home, or mun-HVKRPOOL PRODCCK MARKET.may anally determine to follow. Tbanuenttooi continues Opera, with Sims Reeves, opened last night to a tremen pentine firm a t 8 1 a Od. Sugar steady. Rice quietsatisfied by Fiance or any other foreign Power, it still re- on the alternate nights. The Italian nights Tailed. Tltiens mains a matter of much doaht.what ooario th e Prelacy nad Giugllni played to wretched houses, t h e Englishband, twelve pieces.Rligewood Hose Company. Carriage surmounted by adona house, Tha new opera "Robin Hood," b y Mncfar- to be, "Will or will not hat Holiness go away from Rome?" ran, was a soaosas, bat is not likely to proven very popu- Toleave his capital once more, and under circumstances lar addition to,the sttgo: so Mr. Ullman need aot so different from those which eaAsted In 1343,would al• fight Madaase Cortesi tor its possession. The work isour fashionable j eople, should meet with It la a quarter onwhich it has not keen accustomed to rely. The fact is, ofcourse, In a greatmeasure owing to thealmost purely Ger-man constitution of the present company, and it is highlycreditable to our followcitizens of that nationality that men on (he ropes. Tbe engine was beautifully deckedalikearesolutionto abandon it forever. Bat of Rome has recently made so many blundersIt really seems final t o any additional folly.The Bosun provinces have boon swept clear of the rubMam which assaposad too Pope's meadleant army. In a *scientific nad musically good, bat lacks those popular melodies amihitsofsongthat,orewhistledbytheboys and make the fortune of the barrel organs. Louisa Pyne carriee onCovtnt Garden quietly butprosperously. Tom Taylor's new piece failed a t the Lyceum, and Miss Qoegenbeim, who replaced it,has not succeeded in gal- vanizing Bourcicault'B old oomedy, "The Irish Heiress," into much life. John Drew h a s been engaged by thesteady.,out ingarlands, festoons andbouquets ofmarnlucentfloweriL The men, unlike tb e other companies, wbicb clerks, named Jacob Cohen. ThOahoplhVr.ftaetog tha*^J^!lgJfrViHJslteff org Urow aKttBNEWSIfH IFULTON. ram Race,0*S»,B l ^ r a M ' % if****'TM£$L r.y*l<,ll***«*.S^aJlSSHf •r-,ilt»•»**••reoslvelandenter-of h « wound. Itoceaaae, to a n a b e reaaaaskeiesL struckatthelegwithanaxe,theblowftfee with asjBctont foroe to fracture thelocked up la the Tombs to await th e result of nt* **r«'. tadurlei. Tha Cbraners were astluedicr^a. Duraa*. death, bnt the luveat^etroa was postponed u n t \ t ^ o ? /*° •oetottoms foinda , h o t .at the•,*\jf f I•OCTOBERtear company, visited that city two years age, sad receive* and hospitably wtortoised by UM National Guard ..f NHW York.The old New York City Guard, many members of which•'tocompany•, madeavisittottattreal ^learsago, and were bospitohly received by BritishB t t3 0 ,!_~^iistanding committee, which mastered three deep.positionthedefeats theThethethat Mr. Forrest has made no marked change la theperformance critical office,Itself tolatentt h e that* . Waahiagton Graya, •jtted T*.cnto aad Man-consequenceh i s performance o t t h e principalofly, and gave evidence of good treatment, well "cloth* d and to perfect health, aad have on their w a y to Liberia with a cheerful spirit. I ire peat confidence that hereafter, wbeaeduated la the schools «f Liberia and atopted as members of that signedit. tobedinachamberoverthetire.Whenthefir.wasrepublic,thesebrightlittleladswillrecalltomemoryt i e diplomatists at Gaeta had protested against the do Oreo relative to Mllano, ani nil the Ambassadors hadcompleted between Bide nad Malaalccco, and the armsformance Ot Othello, aa it appears to us, to even betterla *etk for no other reaaoa thaa because aa legitimate means, and any government erected In the meats oa the whole Venetian shore are being renewed than before. He makes the Moor less savage, less vin-repulsed.Trade was stopped.and reminded us occasionally or a Vecet an Uriah Heep, but he acted tne scene with Othello In the third act so well as to make up for pre- vious shortcomings. Mr. Charles Fisher's Cantoto frustrate it._ _ _ _ _of march the stars and stripes and ether decorationswere exhibited in honor of the gai ant fellows who com posed the noblest portion of the pageant.At a little after one o'clock, tne line was formed on Greenpoint avenue, the right resting oa Franklin avenue, Greer.point,and shortly after,the order to marchwas gives, when tbe procession started, beaded b y Hamilton Allen, the Chief Engineer o f t h e East District, and h i sauthorities, and heads of uepartmenU. They were tiate what I elate, they having been employed in the followed b y t h e general procession, among which,, matter.the followltg companies were the most prominent:— ' May not the Mends of Captain Wilson hope that t a« independence will be played out, and Garibaldi, UketateaaM. The hope of the friends of the Papacy is Ctootanntas, will peacefully retire to ngrieuitorai pur- ward move ranet, and under a large speculative inquiry performance last night waa a superb effort, her renderingBe calla ODthe Catbolic prinoes of Europe tosuits. prices h a d advanced one sixteenth t o one eighth o f n sew artosirairf la a general •atetiena war. With The Syrian question Is losing much of its Interest. W e•at toe deapoti© reaction which might peasibly think the Druses sad Christians, or afaronttos as they are penny per pound. Holders demand a still further con-nyriag from ton dhttruat of a widespread oonfusion, called,aiearcade*ambo—blackguardeboth—towhichpair cession,andsomestocks bad beenwithdrawnfromtheof t h e sleeping scene being, perhaps, one o f t h e finest pieces of acting with which she has ever enthralled an audience. " Macbeth" will be repeated to night, and w e may my that the cast generally#is very respectable—the choruses of witches being given with more care and effect! than we usually see,and the scenery and cxtumes,uponthewhole,wtihoutfault.*ACADEMY OF MTJ8IC.charge the Continental Bucket Company'a Carriage, thirty' two buckets, twenty-five men, from Jamaica, u I. They were accompanied by Wallace's Comet band, seventeen pieces.Valley Forge Ecclne w a s decorated with tw o smsR American flags. T b e wheels a n d tongue were newly painted, the latter bearing the Inscription, ' B y perseve- rance we conquer." They numbered seventy fire men, and were accompanied by the Eighth regiment band.< Pollen Intelligence.Caxnaa or EaxxxziaMxar—Louis Prefer, a German, about thirty eight years otag^'"* Drought before Jcs- ttoa gjiws, at the Easax Market Police Court, oa charge of erakezzling n quantity of jewelry valued a t 17,000 and oathJo the amount ot $2,000, tha property of Laza- rus Mneberg, ot No. 58 East Broadway. The ac-•ley ateaopenalbie way of saving the temporal powerat the ohumh. N o on* wishes to interfere with tonPope in his proper sphere, or to destroy his legitimate to.taeaeesaaspiritutlchler. ButtheItalians,atleast,are EnglishpeoplesympathisewithItalianrevolt,andnwarM1NCHX8TKR TBADB REVORT,of Ignorant miscreants may be aided the Turks, their rulers, tha questionsofSyriaand Italy bare convoked the Warsaw conclave ot Kuropeau Powera, and oa their deckuoa will depend th. campaign of 1861. The positionmarket.I NJA V A.character.first aad second acts.Senate was calm, clear, well balanced and equally poised. His nbuke to Cassio was alstlngulshed b y a a admirable blending or the tuaoiter in mode with the /bitter in rt The scenes with Isgo In the third and fourth acts present- ed no new points, but wait most carefully aad effectively rendered. It seems to a s that Mr. torrent endea- vors, first of all, to give to the audience a clear understanding of the - text. His elocutionto,Initself, npeat study. Ittonatural,'and, withal, effective, graceful and correct, but never in t h e slightest degree pedantic, o f course, in acting. Mr. For. rest studies for great effects, but he succeeds in making them without violating the proprieties or offending theAs before,he geesHla delivery of the speech to thea n excellent performance. was' exceedingly well acted.T h e drunken Mrs. Conwayvery quietly through t h eIt to refrething to see an actress of Miss Cushman'spower brioging Shakapere back to our stage again in staff. Accompanying them were several of the civicthis s g e of captivating sensation dramas. Her Queen Katharine, in " Henry the Eighth," held her audience en-Northern Liberties Engine was surmounted by a stuffed cutef&tt to alleged, waa engaged by Wineberg to deerandparticoloredplume Sixtymenmarchedtotbe go to California with thestooaofjewelry laques- procession, accompanied by Tori's band, fourteen pieces. tion for the purpose of disposing of the sameMarion Hose Carriage, surmounted by a gorgeous in San Francisco, Sncremenio, Stockton and other cities. plumeandtwobeautifulbouquets;sixtymen,accompa- Duringtheaccused'sabsencebiswife,whokeptaenilf thisbouseforseveralseasonspastwssdrawntogetherniedbyEmpireBand(Wallace's),sixteenpieces. storeatNo02Chathamstreet,waatobeprovidedforby Metamora Hose Company's Carriage, surmountol by Wtneberg, aad a weekly stipend of $10 allowed her oa ac- laat night to witness the representation of the "Hugue- a heavy plume, and little boy dressed In fireman's uni- count of her husband. Shortly after Prager'a arrival ia particularly for red Western, which was quoted at l i e nots.'' Every seat was tilled, the upper tiers presenting form; forty men, carrlsge newly painted. California his wife wrote to bim, and urged him to return, United States Engine Company. Seventy five men; ac- as Mr. Wineberg neglected to keep his promts, in regardLIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET.Provisions were generally quiet. The circulars reportRed Jacket Engine, surmounted by a plume; seventy resting a desire to come to a settlement, Prager Is now and shake the dust out of our old wigs; s o if t fail, it beef dull, pork dull, bacon steady, lard quiet, tallow meeting of the German democracy. No matter how com men; accompanied by Mayer's band, twelve pieces.firm at tost week's advance—butchers' quoted at Ms. a ton.fid.accompanied by Brooklyn Band, twenty pieces.Rosin was dull; common, 6s. 41. a 5s. 6d. Spirits tur- latterly experienced from Itsprofessed supporters amongst Friendship Engine. Ninety men; accompanied byfore the Grand JuryAs Uitroccxesrcx Saoruran—Two women, of rathergenteel appearance, entered t h e clothing store o t Louis Letolr, N o. 18 Bowery, yesterday, under pretence of making some purchases While to the store one of the females stole three coats, and, concealing them beneath her crinotlie, started off with the same As she waa leaving the store, however, t h e f t s became loosened, and tailing upon thefloorwereobservedoyoneoftheAshes quiet for both pots and pearls. LONDON MARKETS.heavy white plume; forty men and six drummers. Victory iteam Engine No. 13, Thomas M. Doyle, fore- man, drawn by four magnificent horses, handsomely dscorated wiih parti colored plumes,and mustering sixtywrearcfsedIntheunvaryingfiremen'suniformofblack shewasdiscovered,tooktoherbeam,and,runningoffat trousers and red shirts, wore brown trowsers. This full speed, managed to escape. B er oompaaion, MaryCoffee quiet.Sugar and coffee quiet. Rioe, saltpetre and tallowM i l i t a r y I n t e l l i g e n c e .FB0PO8KOVISITOFCOMPANYE.NINTHRiGIMKNTTOPROM LORD PALMERSTON, ETC.For some time past Company E . , City Guard, CaptainThe features of novelty In tha representation of las;evening were the urst appearance or Madamewas acknowledged as the "crack" company ot the pro- cession.All tbe o ber corrpanics were swelled o u t i n numbers by invited guests, aad presented a very imposing appear saosvThe Trustees of tbe Fire Department were drawn In aa open barouche.Tbe route was indicated in yesterday's HIRALD. and,therefore,need notbereseated. EverythingpaisedoffKelly, was arrested, however, aad hroagat to the Sixth precinct station house, where s h e w a s lacked o p for examination. Mary denied all knowledge of the woman who stele the coats, and said she waa not a c quanted with her,or aware of hererrandatMr. Le- tolr's premises. * ;,*•CAVGHT» TBEAct—Mary Boylan wascaughtin t-e actofsteelingapieceofsilkvaluednt$47fromthestoreject for a visit ol the company to England. The subjectbaa been very fully discussed, and great unanimity offeeling and spirit has been exhibited in the matter. The finish and delicate transitions of whljsh the part is sus followinginterestingcorrespondence hasalreadypassed ceptible,itwasmarkedbyallthedramaticintensityand between Adjutant Oopjinger, of the Ninth regiment, and passion which characterize most; of this lady'sUnited States give them their most attractive feature atbeing exchanged from one to another of the various cities to toduce them to remain in this metropolis. At the Sur- company _ anl Formes as Marcel, were each effective in theirway. present. Yisterday afternoon, at two o clock, the tourna- son Market Police Court, before Justice CmnoOy. A'and towns A tow days since n division of toe rey theatre 'The Veteran," which was produced at Wal- beriaoiuri of Brescia arrived In Florence, as a renouv lace's, H New York, some years ago, is now drawingThe organization to which I am attached—Company E We wish we coald say the same of the chorutses, which Ninth regiment, New York City Guard, commanded bywerelamentablywantinginensemble. OnWednesday'"'Der Freischutz" will begiven,wRhFabbrl, StlgelH and Formes In th e principal role*, the latter playing Caspar for the first time In this country.number of witnesses were examine!!, but notntag new was elicited. The ease waa adjourned until November? 18, whenitlahopedtneevidencewillneclosed and tbe mattersubmitted.tothecourt.crowdedbouses. So,whatwithrailways,actors,dramas andother things.New York has taken possession or London in this dull and unguarded moment.CaptainWm.Atter&ury,andinwhose behalf Iwrite—Is dt^trousofmakinganexcursiontoEnglandnextsummer In their mil'tary character, and or exchanging courtesies with the volunteer organizations—let me say their 'bro ther toidiera"—of Great Britain.ment was continued. Nearly all the professional billiardplayers in thecountryattended,besidesalargenamberofothergentlemenwho patronisethemanlyandartisticgeme. There were, besides, some skilful foreign playersaround the table on which the games of the day were tobe played. Tbe flrtt match waa between Messrs. Kara sad University ptocs, appeared before Justice Coaaolly,perse for some companies of the National Guard sentNorth Thosearrivedhereareatinemilitarybody,composed for toe moat part of hardy, well built, out not verytall young men. The Ftorenttoes seem to be proud orHk&ir handsome, manly young compatrlola, and have giventhem a warm reeeptioa Such opportunities of inirodaotog Italians tn considerable numbers to cash other arevaiaabi*, ana have never, perhaps, been enjoyed before trine or accompitobed toots, and it is an accusation vhatto an equal exteat. One part of Italy baa hardly knowa we can retort upon thane from whom It comes. There are positions in this community, a i l Includes many promi-CHARGIor Keerore A Disoanxniv Horn—Mrs. Brown, proprietress of the premises corner of Twelfth streetT h a i s l t y o f I t a l y . [From the Paris Debats, Oct. 9 1Our regiment is among the first and most respectableof the militia organlzatiots ol" this State, being composedmainly of young men occupying high social and pecuniary first classical teiree or the season to be given this even points up. The playing dldy not come up to the expecta-at the Jefferson Market Police Court, and gave bail in tha sum of $6C0 to answer the charge ot keeping a disorderly house. The complaint was made against tbe accuse 1 b y JacobStory,afishdealerresidingatfidUniversityplace,Supreme Coatrt —Chambers. Before Hon. Judge Leonard.THE GRIDIRON RAILROAD. "Oar. 29 —The People aad (he Trustees of toe Bailers*Snug Harbor vs. John Kerr and others and fkt Mayor ofWe have been liberally accused of adhering to the doc-PonwoRTH's HAI.I. —Mason and Thomas announce theirnagh and White, the game, as usual, consisting of 500The Hurry Case.pursued it with anathemas. The occupation or Cracow tish people—the British volunteer—the right hand of fel- In reference to the case of young Hurry and the Broad White's highest score was 41 and his second best reachedThe Parliament nt Turin Is now fairly in progrens withits work,sad within a few dajs wo may expect to near of is an accomplished fact: but it was In violntion of all the lowship and the pledge of enduring fraternity. For I way gamblers, detective C. V . Hogan called upon usnotionbeing token upon thetwoorthree interesting treaties, lathesemewayItalyisundergoing theyoke knowIbutspeak thesentiments ofevery manormy yesterday to make a few corrections, which in justice we questions which have called it together, and which are and tyranny of accomplished raits. The*Italians cannot company when 1 say there is not a heart that bents publish. Inthe first place, he says that he Is a regular now undergoing dtacusston. An expression o f couttieoce touch Rome. W h y not? Because France i s there, and among us that does not pulsate more quickly, responsive detective ouicer, In full connection with the Metropolitan89. The day waa damp, however, and the lnfinenw of the moist atmcaphere on the table militated considerably against tte free rolling of the balls.to the present Ministry, end steps preltotlnarv to new because the services rendered interdict Italy from lightingannexations, are the objects of attention. Two policy of toe against her. The Italians cannot touch Venetla. Why govemmeat nap undoubtedly be confirmed by an almost not: Because Germany and England, under the im-prtssionmoan vote, and measures will bo taken with rate ot other apprehensions having nothing to do with the to the connununatlon, aa soon as possible, ol Itailaa Italian question, are the supporters of a fact which they condemn in their consclenoe. But in all this where is Oae of th. benefits which have sprung from the present the question of justice and tnjustict? Can liberal Europe,twvotntommItaly,whichaforeigntravellertostnotices, civilisedKurope,revoke thewordsshehassooften at is the almost complete abolf.ioa of paaaporto. One is tereo' Who can be persuaded that the Austrian rule into the feelings that stir within our breasts at the thought or treading the shores and enjoying the friendly greeting of the most free and enlightened nation of the Eastern hemisphere, and with wh im, too, we have SDmany ties of kindred, respect and affection.Police, and aot by any means a sort of independent c-i'.icer. Acting under his instructions, he arrested fear out of the five gamblers, and brought them before Justice Kelly, who held them for examination on Tuesday next The other man was also arrested, though cot by him, andThe second game, between Tieman and Lynch, wasby Nem York —This was aa application for aa lrjunction tofar the moat tnterestlcg. Phelan, the Napaleon of bil-liards, seemed to take much Interest In this game. Yes- restrain the defendants from constructing the SeventhAvenue Railroad or too Broadway parallel root, ia pur- suance of the grant of the last Legislature.'The application was opposed, and the Court to day waa principally occupied with bearing documentary evidecse.Tbecasesteadsadjourned.| Bavrsal imtelllsjea.ee., Another experimental teat waa made at Coney lsittdVenetla is la conformity with justice, nature* order, geo- graphy, and not, on the contrary, e crime agalnnt the rightsofcations? AtthecommencementofthewardidI am permitted to say that Mr. Archibald, her BritannicMajesty's Consul at this port, will be happy to bear t-astt- brought before Justice Kelly. Young Hurry wan Im- Mr. Lynch also showed himself skilful at rolling the moaytothemilitarycharacterandsoalalstandingormy prisonedinthecentralttationhousefromthemomentof ballsIntoposition andmakingthemkeep together. He "Trusting that this communication m ay receive your his arrest, oa Wednesday, the 24th tost, until he was also made it a point to play almost always on the redmotless vexatious amiexpensive thaa nottheEmperorexpresstheoatnmon,universalthought—yourOT0,nj,p5/f^ppraGER, AdjutanlNinthregiment.quested us to state that hisclient hasnotyetbeenbrought beforeMr.JusticeKelly. butthat he isto be Muns,yesterday by Orderly Sergeant Ltdy, Mr.MeCabeaad Lynch other gentlemen connected with theUnitedStatesan;phumiliating. Borne Is, of course, still the exception to thai, aad resaains almost the only dark, foul spot. Bat the Mswna Osstcwto, as the Italians ©allII, is there nearly played oak The comedy baa, in tact, degenerated Into a faree, which the prions would pretong, svea to an audi e t c of weary, sad aad thoroughly heart sick people Viator Emanuel, that heroic actor, has prevented theby the tragedy ofa bloody rovolu Hat atoge anew drama, written inthat Which echoed the conscience of aB peoples when he said that Italy must be free from the Alps to the Adriatic- And if England, alarmed by the dangers of the Grand Turk, Is now making Veuetia pay the price ot the Euro- pean equilibrium, one her desertion a t the eleventh hour invalidate the right s h e h a s proclaimed a a d preached more loudly thaa nay one site?10 Dowaisa Smtxr, LOXDOS, ()ot. 12,1880.* 8m— I have the honor to acknowledge, by desire or LordPalmerston, toe receipt of your communication of^ ^ Palmerston1*directsme,inreply,toinformyou that her Majesty's government, aa well aa the whole Brl- t^r^lonwmldleel very Rreat pleasure at a friendly vWt frtm nnTportlon of the'peopla of the United Stotss but that it w'uk not be consistent with the laws ot thebrought More bim to morrow. In justice to Jadse K.This statement to madeFirstSecondThirdFourthFifthSixthSeventhEighth • Ninth..'..tieman» •* *•**•W•••• *.. 2,.at.. 8. 5..486 16 Ie7441132114503410North Carolina, under the direction of Capttie Ward,oa the/new pattern muskets lately adopted in the marine, corps, o f which w e made mention some time since. Captain Ward's experiments, so tar, have been entirely successful, proving that this arm is superior to any oth-r invented, aad tor coast aad sea defence baaaoeqial. Tbe rtsalt of the experiments were as foliowsb-Hav.og tried cotton, wool, dry sand and gotta parcha sajtoreaUV. lag power, yesterday wet sand wss adopted, • U o u t d to have decidedly the greatest resisting force. 11 one tad two hundred yards the balls penetrated fand a belt to seven aad tnree quarterThe right of the Italians remains, then, what it wasItaly atopa to pitaeaes of stronger might, and that la allThU compulsory halt to which Italy must submit. sh United Kingdom that a body of armed men, organizedasPersonal intelligence.Cot. J. L. Peyton and II. Y. Peyton, both of Virginia;Capt. Sitzgseaves, of the United States Army, and B. B . Hart, of Kew Orleans, are stopping at the Brevoorl -House.Ki. royal army ana jam p toe Abrusxl—the musttmrato uaaoent by ergaaklng herself. In thi amuitorvbody, and not being subjects of the Britishrespect, as It Is necessary to learn how to make proftt- B^rarefi shoaM tai In the United Kingdom and move of GarThitll!tor the MTOOM O{ DQULSCMI to nbleeveatheIUweendure,the possessionof VenioabyIL, entrenched, lorelasersmay, altera fashion,subserve the nation* *^?d f*aknerston,however,wouldremarkthatifanyof th causefwer?ttolycaatptotelyHe4iTM,,lr^e^VthemembeTsofthecorpswhichyoum-entionweretoTenth John B. Bart and party;of Vlcksburg, Miss.; O. Hag- Eleventh..stop towards forming a with toe forcesgertv and E H. Cnrll, of New York, are stopping at the Twelfth...of theNorth bythehand,lea with them to easel wWery. WheathU Iter, reotatly einawipetod. frtarsomo « ^ j » t » j »5 wool aad cotton from different dlstaaces of one haadrtdtofivehundredyards. Thebestshot madewasfiredat 5 thedistanceofthreehundredyardstotewasaand.eV-"* 10 ly packed, tbe ban striking the target oroBjB&r**; pe-netratingsevenInches. Bh-*1 1 "* sideortoeringaadcloseKL^are pecultorlv '',&£?> " •w»ttv-*' ssaoa snorter, Inkhqualitiesarenottriumna taneoemitlemeo Romawillthaabelefttnini Wt, thisswordwereaot «espeaded TM****2*>\ those eves of broase ware eat temmswaamUr^W*tof **>Bryant aad G. C Cromwell, of Boston; Dr. May and wife,we be permitted to extend and have received by the Bri-nana, between Capua the south hudsbangtntogjswreJ o fear ^ w l U w a t corns over to England In Chesummer of next year, bring Ciarc M. Morgan, of Tennessee; John Lowe, of Montreal; Sixteenth. .. .IS toe balls penetrated at the Sana, dhrtances nearlyuaaend Craeto, A few days shewouldfadharaetf.perhaps,too soon herownmis m?w"aiShemtheirritles,forthepurposeofcntorhminto J.A.Traatrandwife,ofCincinnati,andH.Saunders,of thoroughly purge that part <4 ftoiry sf Ito torelga ato tress to enjoy her liberty is an orderly manner Th comnetition at the annual rltle shooting meeting, there Ban cranetoco, are stopping at the St. Nicholas Hotel.Seventeenth.. Eighteenth... Nineteenth. . Twentieth... Twenty flm. Twentyetcocd Twentythirdfar,butwerefoundtobemoreBattenedafterbrtna;ex-Garibaldi wait with eager late- eueutn?T^ema4ters ofGertSwam^usAlktiaral - J * ^ ^J^ZX^t can be no doubt that they would be moat heariUy wnl- Capt Renton, of West Point; John E. Huerlus, of theIS*,„.„*.*«.«,*,«M5RjjSr steamship Metanzas; AlexanderGait,the sculptor,from Norfolk, Va;D. D. Boardman, ofRome, N.Y ;0.W.J. B ComNGxa, Adjutant Ninth Reg't.. . I t ..IB' ..14 ..83fid > 44 «tt26 tricated, they pees immedtotoly through gutta peseha, 3ofwolatka,fencedlawithrowsofforeignhutsot shemightfanlatathe **»^J^jf^a^tJ^Utobepaaeto. FromtheAlpsaadthaPo,tothesoutoern tothsrtobeen so happilyj»eaerve^;^.J^1 ^ m | maybeovercome,andthatCompanyE,whichtocom- andfamily,ofNowYork,arestoppingattheFifthAve- Twet,tyfourthlimit ot the Pealueuls, Italy will then b e won to « f t con- trol of tha Itaiiaa people.posed of some of our wealthy American cltixens, and whooccuplsd a conspicuous pert in doing honor to the PrinceofWalea,onhisvisittothiscity,maybepermittedtovisit Itosland in their military capacity, the matter Is DexUr, of Cincinnati; R. J. Pierce, of Chicago: W . J. Tieman totting himself out uamtotokeabry towards the musket. It spsMarebyJA dck^ltria.ooaVpossdof,-Capt.1.H Dell, R.Wilson,H Piercesad JudgeHast tags,allorCalifornia,1!V.W Barr.ofNewLondon;E.iOO '.. ±- _i^» «,hn willat Washington^and Mr. «hl« cltv.PAIS or Racrac NA**—At Naabvilto. Tena , on Mon- day o l last week, a t the race course. G en W. W wood-Wehopehislordship'sobjections,whatevertheyare,otVirginia;F4.Cewles,ofAlabama,,andN.R.Cobbm e u e f c g ^ M X r * , alTthe capitals again claiming thabe seats cunprtmtsed.InreuUty Itisaeetrtothatto themastectlve tostra futurecorrespondence between Adjutant Coopiugerand Charlesleek, ofCambridge, andJ.P. Lindsay,ofNew applauded. Thetournamentwillbecoatta***ao-day.of Mile. Fanny NaUii in that of Urban. Or Fabbrt's performance we may state that, although It lacked the highcellcnt method and a brilliant execution.ion formed of her In Philadelphia was fully confirmed by the verdict of (he audience last night; Stigelll asRaoul,theesseoftoePeople vs.Ozro Downs (captain ortbh 1LafargeHouse. Dr.O.P.Turnerandwife,ofPhiladelphia;Oapt.8t.Fifteenth.... «,•*•••••• ..1(AmissbyLynch.)2wasthegreatestdepthattainedtodrysand,nue Hctot.still under consideration, and will be the subject for Chajney, ot Philadelphia; Q. W. Yancey, ot Richmond, dose of the play. In both cases the victors were w—«ryj esterday that tbe baMhas dredyard*mlthesatone as great accuracy.toeoWpatternnne of the .xparisaaato f fore* at tbreenoa-aadoanbearedwishm*~g^f*rSSm£k£j>,expired at hi* reai-<•,..„.« —HiiMtlf - it is she who will consecrate the English Premier, through Lord Lyons, the Haven, ere stepping at the Metropolitan Hotel.Untitled DocumentThe good opin-WoaaAXnaCmIaanoroa'sDirixtaaa-:—Duringcan week ending on Saturday last the following wo?* war performed by theemploj es in theCity Inspector's oflkes:— Uasoond sad diseased meats seized, 3 461 pounds:garbage aid street filth removed, 14 889 loads; nuimnoe* abated, under notice, 106; sinks and water closets clean- ed. Up; toads of night soil removed from the oitr limits,»> -J deed bogs removedBoldlas' the orcare»eal %-VTeaaad tonfttes who hedeectalmy.,l v^.22l52^Ii5 ? ** ^.^^imwssiTl; deadIdWTtBOP-. CoioauuTjo* RoomTo Tort:-Yon wfflcharge to toe" Bev X f ifrom ? T r ^mate r 2 S ^ r ^ ? a ? \ . d T v lcilice., b e c , t y ,lmU* * • » * « * " * » * » • » » mmtfamm from the city limits, 80; number of barrels'JS&^J^E}"! ^«V#s%aeAlai~to"lhe"to7. BtrecttoBSof toe Hoe. J. IbomrmWlaerttoi* afto.la. tarter, aad much oblige yncrs. av>ea r-twcVuiiv"W. MoL^Sf|'<£» . LETTEROF BEV. SS^BptT., COLOMZATIOS Omnca, NawTfitot, Oet SIaJxUnaDSftS. Beq , Vniteo SuteeMarabal-.—Wlllistmsbmrg City News. QiiDBmnrux FARADS OF TUB FIKKXXN.—Thetranced during the totter portion of last week. Her Lady The Continental Hose Company's carriage w a s claim may be brought before Congress and examined into, Macbethnowevokes enthusiasm not less intense. Her surmounted by a heavy plume, and had in and,iffoundjust,provisionmadetoritoallowance.well, save an attempt on the part or seme members ofEngine. Ocmpacy 12 to pick a quarrel with Engine Com- of Le BoatUlier Brothers, No. 805 Canal street, yesterdayand its apparatus was cbmiorubly housed.ThePhelan'sone bl.llardrooms,inFourteenthstreet,con-tinue to be a centre of ranch interest. The greattournament of tbe professional billiard players of theterday Tieman played ta a masterly manner, evincing much skill in making difficult caroms, and keeping the bala together and In position when opportunity offered.Thirteenth.lb At three hundred yards eight laches, which 7Fourteenth•Total X Theplayingtnthetostgamewasdecidedlybrilliant,w16berk E. A. Kinsman), J. C Pedrlgss, Henry do OrgoerrW ,I and David 8. Mills, was resumed yesterday at the Jeffer-f *—«»»»a m adThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069DeparturesEtoatto . *www.fultonhistory.comfolk soldt oJames Jackson, o f Alabama, M s ©etebrated Mare eld, by imported.the 