 H ?each day of actual service, with thrice the :*egular stage and sttamboat or railroad faro by the cheap- est routes from their homcB respectively to Wash- ington and heme again, would be ample.We paid, rather too broadly, that Ihe i*ule ofnon-payment for legislation is Universal. There | are two corspicuous exceptions—our Congroes andLouis Napoleon's automatic Corps Le^islatif.The Westchester County Republican Clu), nowfully organized, is extending its operations to every section of the County, and its labors are j reeted with an enthusiasm and hearty cooperation a« unex- pected as gratifying. It has commenced a autom- atic canvass of the County, by local agents, to so- licit subscriptions to the most approved Republicanjournals, and compile lists of voters to whom Republican documents may acceptably and profit- ably be sent. This effort is intended to reach every householdandeveryelector. Thisisbutalegin- ningof the*work, which is to be prosecuted without pause or relaxation till November. The Clui con- venes for its next regular meeting a t White PJlai as, at 11A.M., on Wednesday, the 7th of March, when all working Republicans are invited to al tend. Meantime,anyone wishing to communicate with its Executive Committee m a y address James A. Hamilton, President, Dobb's Ferry, or WpiamWard, Secretary, MoringvilW.-—When shall we hear of Bimflar organizations iaoilier Counties, especially Rockland, Queen» and Suffolk?_BATCBXLOR'S HAIR DYE, WIGS, and TOUPEES' 5,000 votes to the party to which he belongs principal inhabitants of that State, the Representa Savoy, Maurienne and Tarantaise would prefer to thought to get an advantage by succumbing to the Di Vernon, or Gay Spanker, and knows a good homeI; ;»n* <..i», ;,ti I ; • •5*• S iI' -by all wben other piasters sxe nselesx, and where appliedDesl*-rs pain car not exist. Every family should h«ve them. that he ever said them to be received as truth, just party, to determine upon the choicest formulas ofi•claimstohoxmtylandswerereported against. TheCom- FTBRKXE SO LYOS'S SEWXX« MACHOTES re- mittee on Printbg submittedaresolutiontowithholdvotesswere cast by Republicans.V. Mr. Porter G; Sherman for himself, andcanvass,andaskedhimwhether hewould,ifelected, vote with the Republicans in organizingto proceed, aBfast as his emotions will permit, to the Massachusetts State House, then a n d there t o request of Senators and Representatives the imme- diate repeal of all " legislation hostileto the South,"across the Alps leading from Piedmont into France graduates, counterfeiters, forgers, liars, knaves, have become quite neglected, the road over Mont cheats, blackguards, seedy-bloated loafers, jail- Cenis from Piedmont to Savoy, and that over birds, dirty dogs of all breeds, every moral leper, the Col di Tenda from Piedmont to Nice, are and every accomplished villain? come to the feastI•V"** *v.rv*».-*r AUVTaney Baxx P n i snd CoMee—new style*.•''<,•tbat ten thousand deaths a year were clearly vrfan&aJbao**, Headache,, Ncnrnijjla, Chill F<ve<, Ague, Rheu- traceable to 1he practice in London, b&foro it WASwhile in Parliament he dust resign his scat and face Lis constituents at a special election.for a suc- cessor. ' We must coi-sider tv,at system preferableBasin*** Notkt«.EVXRSARY<Jc»rai»T.—IkeSabVatt-SebDOltegto^puWielit/hit'wli^'lt'-m^lit^^af W^TM?eiah,InhisnotSaitoGov.Letcher,consideratelymanyDistrict-AttorneydidnotBeefittofurnishpromisedtoEend"freeticketsforall,ornearlyall, one.WehopethatMr.Bluntwillpresstail"thejourneyfromRicbinondto-B<>oton;v''leavingbutherethewrittenlanguage,'theeducation,thethemat t^^/^^^^^^m^^ very properinquiryuntilthe Supervisors are shamed the gratuitous cocktails and juleps to the oare of national spirit, everything is Italian. The relation sponging fellows have arisen, in tbC *^SP® *£cosrrB- out of their Opposition to it. And, if the District the Bostonians themselves, after the' arrival of the between the Northern. Italian ancS the Southern spondenfs of Southern journals, wJfii©^ %gN%i Attorneycouldbeinducediaadditiontopresenta waywornandthirstypilgrims. Inthisamiablelet- patoisissoclosethatitisalmostimpossibletosay drummersforadvertitemehtsandsubscripts,JJBjM0 list of the cases wherein indictments have been nol ter, the enterprising Josiah dwelt in an-eloquent where one ends and the other begins. Even the surround them like .buzzards horering about aiTHELA R 3MAGNETIJFxom bptxiaL Dispatch to The 1 W ASHUTCTJ THE HAKJ • JFeinando WoodCharleston have roa< - Southern members t propitiate a s a meanCharleston ConVen! *cid distinctly by lea their pretensions coi . seconde*d by the mos againstMr.Dcugli Butts, and other de^e nave exposed Wood got the e a r and coi gross. They profr»^Presidency, and will /ore, to ca^t the voUsV w candidate.THEill].Senator Polk havic jerity on the Commit able to reporting the prospect Jt>f ratificatimeat w9i probably ISencr -Ocampo,'who -weeks, with the fuik • ever modifications nosmooth, the way b y tSoid atNo, 394Cecal st, at No. 4 Union-square, at25conts a box, snd b y all druQists.for many weeks past so much space has been occupied by advertisements in that paper that we have not beencontroversy, we will endeavor to make the wholework, therefore, each poor, pitiful, mean-spirited, craven, humiliated wretch of a merchant, who h a s allowed himself to be entangled in the toils < >f theseAll Shirt* mad* at our ptaen-wssranted to fit.TOMES, S O N A MEXYAIN, No. 6 MAinrnr Lxxn,. New-York,Iasperters and 'VPholetel* Dealsrs Inv~ ~ ~Josiah-^that he was hospitable—that, he asked Vir-the greater number of his Democratic constituents, giniarwpuld not come, and did not even "-send her chances of Italian unity are thereby promoted.1 all alike. The whoie crowd of beggars and Mack- mailers are thus flourishing just n o w , like p:gs i a clover.We give publicity to this fact, so that there jnay be fair play among the vagabonds. The poor devils have struck a placer, and all should fare alike. W e want them all to come on. Now is their happy time. Now is their feast and carnival. The table is spread. T h e repast loads the board. Money is easy, bills plenty, bank checks abundant I f any fellow is hard up, or. sMrming, o r dodging corners to shun his creditors, let him show himself and make his Jack.Ovv*y Pirrox^* ithmJEUT, T~ta.Tn3> WARX, JaraTBurr, FASCT OOODS,Bkvaan, Pxxrvnour, XXD SOAP*.da's celebrated Oua*.But thiDgs take a far different aspect when exam- ined from a military point of view.From Geneva to Nice, the present frontier between France a n d Sardinia forms almost a straight line. On the south, the sea, on the north, neutralSwitzerland, cut off all communication. So far, ments exceeding 100 lines in length one dollar and fifty inated Mr. James Fairman. The Americans pre- after due pondering, has decided that until Massa- the position of the parties in a war between Italy cents a line. sented Mr. ErastuB Brooks. I n the progress of the chusetts shall have repealed sundry Laws " hostile and France woohj appear equal. But both Savoy —Advertisers will do well to hand in their flavors as canvass, Messrs. Fairman and Brooks severally " to the South," Virginia will not drink a Massa- and Nice are situated beyond the main ridge of theSei* Agent* torOf.IV. That the price of all advertisements of 100 linesor less shall be one dollar aline; and of all advertise- lar Democratic candidate. The Republicans nom- tbe Editor of The Petersburgh (Va.) Express, who,SINGER'S SEWTNOT-MACHINES.NeSSewing-MeehineN*. lSewis^Maehine....The PMn&YSewin^Machin*, A..................... 7 5 The Family Sewing-Machine. 5 0 Hemming Gang** *L H. Si.tvux tc Co.,No.4SSBto^vrmf, N.Y. No. 150 ?»itoo-tt., Brooklyn.IMPORTANT TO- TAILORS AND OTHERS.Qr*T*r k. Baker SewtefMaehine Company heve just t a a n e w and snperior Shuttle- ataohin*, larg* size, high wtthlaUst lmnrovements. Price 9M. PorsaleatNo.Bmedway,New-York,andNo.133Pultonst.,Brooklyn.1<s j a f r a i Mb* h t x h r t t M i r i J T ^ r * 1 - - * - - o f t h e A m e r i c a n I n s t i t u t e ,theblsjftsainrecoinnaforfineSewkagKsehine work• • • - • - , work: alsoat the Pair of th e Franiiia Inst., N»w-J^ Inst., Kew-Jerseyt h e -vv OJ k o f b i n d i n g t h e S e n a t e d o c u m e n t s u n t i l i t w a s a s - certained whether the contract for the same was in ac-Messrs:JamesP.FaganandWilliamA.Dooley— all personally known to us as intelligent and truth- fulmen—withMr.Geo.W.Barrett,whomwedoeeilence and rimptioity.BAXTUOUT MAXVYACrVKllW CO.,So. -U-4 ~Bro«dwr»y, cor. Flovf*rd-*t. ii-Il—THE BARKER SEWING-MACHINE C o .'sPirat-olaae, donbI*-thread, rapid"; noisele**, and beautiful *>4e—Nn-w &m\:iy^-UACU3tt»—$40voder patents of Howe, Grove r k. Baker, and Wheeler k. Wilson. Agent* wasted. Office, No. 469 BROADWAY. Vmtitoy k. Co.addressed the Senate. When he had concluded, a Mr. Clark replies thai he has no recollection of any message was received from the President, covering a such colloquy, and proceeds to tell a long, round-memorial from the citizens of Nebraska and the west-ern Blope of the Rocky Mountains, which was referred about story, which reminds us strongly of Falstaffsrful remedy, and give the Professor a new testimonial. —f Jetemphi* WIdbyallrespectabledixtggimU. DepotNo.4UBroadway. HUGHES, DUPUY Sh CREHANGE,isnecessarytoaffordtheprotectionguaranteedbythe broadly:Mr.Clark,discardedforcausebythe totheCommon. Canhethenbesureofhisani- slopeoftheMontCeniswouldbeguardedandforti Mr.Bingham'sproposition.adding, and Cartridge*.Model Razors. Revohrtnc Pistols.carried againstt h e a n$ 1 0 0 9 05 3 K B 3 3 B 3 I B B H B E 5 B 5 I KWMfMMHMMMaklMi iKSafl&gffiStt^^iiaiBBWgttW8^^JOST^YORK DAH*Y TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY «,= 1860.J.HATDTISanagentinAORIAJT,Mlohigao,fortbdsaleof EToraeeWater***- »o<*»•*•»•!6o'w*** Tax TRIBCXX* .»*fe*4«ttfe»Tv(»o*»9»»rf»ith»door.Mat* pain la tb* head, with thickening of the voice}l^t^ T-rY^-w* p»ln at U» bwik of the h**dj ihooting p«iafrtwtho'*©***^*1*,1D*P*rP*w*i<'aI*r totheforehead,earningtatrt^Aofferfef Inthefrontponionoftbohead,•wellingandfa;l Buain*** leUers for Txx TXIBPXX should inaU ett»e« bead-frtrc^ngfr«0tprin tbo neck and throat, eapeoiallj' muder the earn, s9jMctencEfngtothelowerJaw*,withfever,sIeep2e*«neM,andgreatanxiety. Tbceearethefirst•jznptomaofDiphtheria.JaiinedkieJy ••nJJow »bc BBJIXlHUtTX't Vegetable UniTenal Zttiqi if the pate of the head is sot relieved in four boon, •wnHow atx saore pBJ*. Brandreth** Ltai men t o r AU«ook'« Foroa« Tleater. to the throat are excellent topical applications, hot it is the pnrj v- tion wnJch is to b e vigoronslj enforced. Btasdreth's Pffla drive oat the diseaic from the body; one or two day*' purgation with tl em cures. This is the only treatment reliable to cure this dis- csee, a n d prevent those after consequences—the inconceivableI>B. MABBH continues to apply his RADICAL Goode of Virginia, late memher of the House from Mr.C o n s Tuna* with sneoass, in effecting permanent onres of Her- Pryor's District. Mr. Hunter (Dem., Va.) moved the ^U atBstyinre, atHo.2 Vetey*st. L*die»walud uponbya usualresolutions,andgaveasketch ofthelifeand~ i 'in private rooms. Also, TicE**** o f every description for. retention of Boptoxo, Batninv TriMoa, Supporters, character of the deceased. The resolutions wereMaker-GeneraltotheStates ofMassachusettsand Virginia !IfthemilitaryadvantagesresultingtoItalyfromthe possession of Savoy and Nice were confined to these positive ones, they might still be sacrificed withoutConstitution. Objections were made, and a call of the *renow psepmredtooBtr tothe tradealarge and well-selected House moved, when Mr.Sherman (Rep.,Ohio)re-mals? Suppose Gov. Banks, in saluting the Per- ficd by the French; the outposts of the two na- hampilgrims, shouldsaysomething unpleasing to tionswouldmeet onits hight, two marches fromthe Southern ear? Is Josiah sure that his jolly Turin. On the south, Nice would be the center ofnsasrttnsnt ofwhich eompategjp partported from|the Committee on Ways and Means, hills for the support of the Indian Department; for fulfilling treatystipulationswithcertainIndiansinOregonandWashington Territories; and for the construction of certain fortifications. Mr. Pryor (Dem., Va.) thenan- nounced the death of William 0 . G-oode, his predeces- sor. AddressesweremadebyMessrs.P.,Miles (Dem., S. C.)» and Vallandigham (Dem., Ohio), when the cttstomary resolutions were adopted, and the House adjoujned.As ^ e predicted yesterday, P . G. Maloney, theMayor's nominee for President of the CrotonNo. 341 Broadway,party which had previously elected him, was sup- ported for reelection • by the Republicans of his District, and received most of his votes from them. Supposehehadnevermadeadirectpromisetoany of them—what were the circumstances of his re-turn ? What did those Circumstances fairly entitlethis majority of his supporters to expect at hishands? Admitthatitwouldhavebeenrightforhim to support for Speaker a man of precisely hisown stripe, could such have been elected, was itfair and just for him, with two or*three likehim, to block the organization of the House\ Kfiuts ¥xs*rKiecchma ChtmnexeFTAx-ixnt,t,ingreiatvariety.SIXJC N v r s , OoiyrvHJtH, and HXAO-Dnasax*.8LU>X« and Brcxucx, of steel, pearl;jet, and jilt.Gilt and Steel JxwxutT.P U M Borrows, OARTX*.*, GXTAXO CnAiss.Pakans, Bxr»HX», ACCOUDKOMJ, 4tc., to which the atten-tionofbtrjersisrespectfullysolicited."STODART PIANOS."The most eliable Piano, and pronounced b y th e Profession andever15,100families whohive them inuse,THT;BMT1S- BTXOMnsT > >w made in the United States.Warerooms, No. 501 Broadway.THCRTY-FIVE SECOND-IIAND SATESfOX SAL*.I wlH sell X very low prices Sxcovn-HANn SAVBU or XVBRV»IZXoftheilost approved makwrs (uianr of whicharealmost s e w ) , wblcbjl have taken Sn exchange for LlUUB's CIIILLSD AXDthe very gates of the two largest towns of North- westernItaly,andastheirterritorywouldalmos surround Piedmont on three sides, they could ren- der impossible the concentration of an Italian armyTbat is to eay: let each member charge $10 perdayforeachdayofhispersonalattendanceonthe1 sittings of the House to which he belongs, or onwhich—there being no session—he ia in regular at-warehouse of HOWX'H Ixntovxn STAXDAXD SCALES. PKASX E. iiowx. Ho. 203 Broadway.FirstWocfcbelowtheAstor ilouw.IRREPRESSIBLE CONFLICT ENDED .'THE UXIOV PiuwxavKD.'Glo»»Y and Water-Proof.P x x x r ' s JAI'A.XK.HB W A TXK-PKOOF POMJH,* P o x BOOTH AST> SHOES.Sold everywhere. JAJ-AXEKK POUXK COXPANT.Ko. 44T Broome-st., one door wrist o f Broadway.a sapace of time, the masses th?u>3-lvei* buin;( jadaeaiI do not propom; to cuie every dlMja^e, bat all such asard cura- ble b y any combination of me<Uc»l applunea*. M y Eloctri? Oil Operates on chemical and eleetrie principles, and is, th»refore, .applicable- to the cure or natural testoration of any organic de- zan^ement, axising from an improper circulation of Nervo-vital£uid.i want the mamfi to join in thi* matter— th«* well m the sick,beeanseif tht*»e things are «o. all are alike interested.N. H. Pleas* inform m e of any cs*« of failure to ctre, In' from half hour t o three weeks, as I wish to cure or charge nothing.get out of it by letter-writing. aes—easily understand why the Virginia Legislature treated hia invitation with so much respect.SAYOY ANX> NICJB.neutralize Northern Savoy as much as S witzerhrad, and in case of war to give the Swiss the right to cccopy and defend that district. Sardinia, a paltry £Uie of four millionp, could not object to such aireni 1t»>25 Dinve*.•>f.*> t b s on cloth, three rlzes on leather. S tmple sent ^y^ajl, on receipt of 25 cents.TiAXxm k PAXX. KOS. 13 it 15, Park-Row, N . Y . HERRING'S P A TENT CHAMPIONbe deemed expedient, might be annexed a s Senate,, or is it merely a quibble? And is it on and we cannot, therefore, pretend to estimate the cult, or rather impossible, to believe that the move- and until such time Switzerland would be as muchPut* and BvxOLAR-Pnoor SAXB*,Wtth Hairs Patent Powder-Proof Locks, AffordthefleetestsecurityofanySafeintheworld.8. C. HKKKI.VO & Co., No.251Broadway,oppositeCityHaJLN.Y.«TMJSILI>ER*8 P A T K N T FrRE-PROOF SAFES,^?**j!lx iJ > B *Z!i'??T ,F o !?r i > , t * " d Buxouuc TjLOor Locxf. Tb* heat fir*-proof_Safe in the world. Bankers* Jewelers' and Hotsae S*£s*. Iron SpecU Boxes, * c ,'mad* to order.Qc»*x Bttos r No. 98 iVtsiden-lane.SP ALDING'S PREP ARED GLUE.USXFTJI.isrJST»XY ilousxF6x SAWI Ev*xvwM;:aie.JM*X'of»ctttred by . H.C.Si»An>i*« fc.Ce No tn.c^Amr.*•Tna>Offl«e*ddx*«;BoxNo.^C«). ****•»••«««««-•«•BARRY^S TRICOPHEKOTJS " "Zs the best and cheapest article for Dresatnr Beautifying, Cleoiisinx. CnxHrn*,Preservingan<Restoriits;.thellair.Letttes, try It. F o r sale b y Drntflsts and Ferfam«»s.Emanuel.Goons,Board;wasrejectedlastevening-by-the Boardof •WxorSHT-lXOK SAVXS. Call and examine a large variety at the Aldermen. Dr. Sayrcs was confirmed as ResidentRepublican be chosen Speaker ? Was this the enter-the remains would be sent for; and of course, J o - centration w as complete—in other words to aaction of the public business, than a n allowance of $8 per day, Sundays arid idle days inclusive'—All over the worldr and in all time, po far a3ton'* Sp*«ch.Se*idrertiB«ment.TOC0RKJC8P0NDBNT8.%,,prosAbyhim,withthe(official)wherefore,itWould doubtless increase t h e public edifioation. L e t u s have a searching look into the secrets of that politi-wayuponavarietyoftopics,andnotablyuponthe patoisofPiedmontandLombardyis,initsinflec- woundedbuffaloontheprairie.Theg^rtfemso warmfriendshipof"thephilosopherofMonticello,'s tions,thoroughlyProvencal,whilethewayinwhich whoaresoundonthegoose,orareanxioustobe meaning Thos. Jefferson, for " the sage of Quincy,'' the words are formed from the Latin, is essentially so represented in the Southern one-horse pi ess, are meaniDg John Adams. Wherefore, in order that Italian. T o claim Nice on the strength of this b*set by these fellows day and night, at their stores " common friendship may be made strong, and mu- patois would never .do; consequently, i t is now and countiog-iooms, at their houses, at the dialog- "tualconfidencegreatlyincreased,"Josiahmen- claimedonthegroundofsupposedsympathiesfor table,intheirbed-chamber,intheirgoingsoutand tionsthefact ofthe"freetickets,"andreiterates France, theexistenceofwhich, however, is more comingsin,at their risings upandsittingidown.W e cannot underUke t o return rejected CommtminsttoniNo notice ean b e taken of Anonymous Communications. Wbat- she*v*r i s intended for insertion must b e authentioaUd b y t_ „ .,0*-name and address o f t h e writer—not neeessarily for puoil Uon,butasaguarantyforhisgoodWth.cal prison-house..,dressed t o HOXACX O x x x x x r & Co.Ti»« Tribune Campaign Tract*.No. 1. SEWARD and O'CONOR.No. 2. DEMOCRATIC LKA»E'RS( FOR DISUNION—Wil-RITMNLACBl? CONFIDENCE. Mr.HoraceF.Clarkappearsinourcolumnsthis morning in a letter of very considerable length, which purports t o repel t h e averments of Messrs.Porter G. Sherman, James P . Fagan, and others, that he assured them personally, at two different interviews, that h e would, if chosen, support theseductively his request: " tea in the arbor?"" Will you come and takethan problematical. That Nice, in spite of these The curse of frogs and locusts was as not ifog to sympathies and of its patois, is thoroughly Italian, their ragamuffin appeals, their seedy, mendicant there can be no better proof than that it produced importunity. The worst of it allis, itjis next.to im- theeoldier,parexcellence,ofItaly,GiuseppeGar- poisibletodistinguishtherealvagabondifrom ibaldi. The notionofGaribaldibecominga French- their counterfeit. Not tbat there isanyeweztfialman, is ludicrous enough.The cession of both these Provinces would nomuch weaken Piedmont in a merely financial poinof view. Savoy is a poor country, which, althoug itproduces the best soldiers in the Sardinian armyyet never pays the expense of its own administrationNice is not much better off, and, besides, is butsmall strip oi* land. Apparently the loss would no from every fellow who besets him. He shivers ia be great. Jtfico, though Italian, might be sacrifice his shoes a t every knock and every application,-andAdvertisement* in T h e Weekly Tribune. The enormous circulation which T H E WEEKL YNow, when this polite summons—BO festively dif- ferent from the subpoenas which Virginia is wont to send to Massachusetts—was received by the Honorable John Letcher, he seems to have been either frightened or delighted; for he instantly sent a Special Message to his Legislature, communi- cating to them the communication of Josiah, which was treated with due respect, being first laid upon the table and then ordered to be printed. The pri- vate note of Perham thus rose at once to the dig- nity of a full-fledged Public^Document, and as such will occupy a prominent place in all future histories of Virginia.* The ages will know tiaat there was aweaknesswhichnomeanshave yet been able tocar©. Andre- TRIBUNE has now attained is, not tumaturallj, accom- Republican candidate for Speaker of the House. metnhet;th*»weaknesscome*onafterUediseaseissaidtohave paniedbyanincreaseinthenumberofadvertisements W e trust that letter will be carefully read. A n d ,difference tin the character of the nuiiame, only one may not know enough to write a black-: naffing paragraph, and the other may. To make sure\been cored, but never after the cure wax effected b y Brandreth'j PC*. .seeking admieeion to its pages. From this cause, as Mr. Clark insists on making us a party to hismatter as plain as possible.A ISfew EDITION—PRICE BEDUCED.—A. m ag able in all cases to furnish to its readers the great va- I. Mr. C)ark was the candidate of the Buchananainot nt fhotograph o f Eastman Jobnson'r Oreat Picture o f t h e "Oil* KnnTrcxvJUoxx," isjust published at TKRKS DOI.I^X3, by Barron. & BocKWOon, No. KTJ Broadsray.••The best Photograph published in this country. "—[Home JoumaJL ' •' - •BALLOT'S Patented Improved French Yoke SHIRTS.BAXAOV*S PATXXTxn IXPXOTKD FMESCH YOX* SHIRTS, BjJLioc's PATKXTxn Ixrxovxn Exsjtca YOXR SHIRTS, Made to ordnarenly a t No. 4t&-ttToedwey>riety ofinteresting and instructive reading matter which we mean that they shall always find in it. In order to obviate this difficulty in future, we have determined:Democracy for Congress in 1656, and was elected by a large majority over his Republican and Ameri- can competitors, receiving a -few more votes thanland-sharks, has no other escape but to buy offI. That tbe| advertisements in THE WEEKLY TRIB-UKEshall in no case exceed one page of th» paper inamount. Those received after the page is full muststandonrertothenext issue,whentheywiflbefirstin| adjunctsthroughout andthereby feet the favorof ot^tr.planks down t h e dust in every case, to avoid the threatened attack on his business at the South if heH . That no advertisements shall be admitted except sucb as we may judge suitable to the general character and.purposes of THE TRIBUNE.III. That no cuts of any description shall be allowed in sucb advertisements.and was refused a renomdnation by"the regular Con- tention of his party.decent regret?. A t this moment, to speak m e- taphorically, Josiah's great Union tea-pot ia remark-early in the week as possible, in order to insure theirfinding a place. I t is proper to add that, with a regularcirculation greatly exceeding 200,000 copies, THE centrated. WEEKL Y TRIBUNE is the best and cheapest advertisingrcedinm in the world.each party holds one side of the Alpine chain, Italy holds, on the northern and southern parts of the frontier, both sides, and thereby completely com-The fraternity of traders isinquireintotheexpediencyofarevision,ofthePostalstatue,wasreceivedandconcurredin. Mr.Brown's (Dem., Miss.) resolution relative to Territoiial Govern-agitationwillcease—Gov.Letcherwillfoldtohis JheattackcamefromtheItalianside,haveformedrowbones to you, will pay you freely and liberally, for your help, for your piomises, for your knavery and lies, for everything you can do, a n d everything. you cannot do, toward getting or saving a little Southern trade. Oar merchants who are sound on the goose are paragons of virtue themselves, b u itoPlantationandManufactarlnguses,andareuneqttaled in*z- mentswasthentakenup,andMr.Clark(Rep.,N.H.) theHouse;towhichherepliedin"theafhrmative;natural bases of operation for an invasion of France;tainment t o which t h eMiller, as Health Commissioner, was not reportedbytheCommittee,norishelikelyto.be,since wouldhehavebeento-day?.Remember1thathesiah, as'the instigator of the fatal fray, would be called upon to foot the bills. What a doleful ter- mination of the Josiah-Jubilee !series of defeats in detail. Thus, the center of de-rfense of Piedmont w ould a t once be removed fromrPhys".ciaD, in place of Dr. Rockwell; butDr.Bradford,whomtheMayorwishestosupersedeDr.invited ?Suppoeefastidi-Alderman Boole iJ determined to retain his next-,door neighbor in his snng aiaecure. The Board vote for Sherman because of the Helper book,&c.approve the same, being undoubtedly of the opinion that it could do its own inviting without assistanceT"grateful Italy, w hicfi, to France alone, willowe"her independence." ,- V ' . :a penny for his service therein, nor for hi* travelingexpenses. A Member of .Parliament m ay m id a$100 PROCLAMATION \ WONDERFUL MKDICAL voted Dgaifjst abolishing tbe street-salting nuisance, Yet he voted as steadily against Mr. Pennington,lucrative office, b;.it beieg in Parliament is not con-fied, in the Senate, that he ever declared it as hispurpose to ca'l the roll of his slaves on BunkerHill one of these days. He had denied it on otheroccawor?, and he now denied it ones more. W epresume Mr. Toombs means this denial in a Pick- such as "Will you come to the bower I havebecame he did not eay them in his place in the•it.i tm- mm^rr- •'••»••'** s*#*i f JSHfe.#8 'both'of them.JUL Mr. Clark opposed the Lecompton bill ttnditsIII.Democratic Convention, mainly composed of' Anti- Lecomptonites, and took the field against the regu-Before con-:withdrew in favor of Mr. Chirk, on whom the en- tire Anta-Lecompton vote of the District was con-chusetts cock-tail, will not eat a Massachusettsdinner, will not sleepbetween Massachusetts sheetB. arc, andboth are open toward France. -While;j ••'*•'•* .to the consolidation of Northern and Central Italy;M r . Clark w a s nominated by an irregularIV . Mr. Clark was thus elected, receiving 9,035votes to 6,338 forHerrick (LecornptonDem.). TheDistrict gave for Governor—Morgan (Repub.), sympathy for Perham in a condition of languishingmajority-of hie they h a d beensupporterswereous in the choice of a Representative aa he was with regard to the choice of a Speaker, whereCt)rt# % <h« appticaiion of Frof. DstGxATW'a ELKCTKIC Oix. although it is generally condemned. I t was staged who could not be objected to on that ground, and from these ouiside. Jpsiah, like most public bene- If we turn to tbe North, what is a standing men- sidered being in office; and if he accepts a:i officeon Man and Beast.- T o the Inhahirants of Philadelphia and vicixrity:who was elected, in the" adjoining district of New- factors, was scurvily treated. One Haekell thought ace to Italy would he a death blow to Switzerland. Jersey, by-a substantially like combination to that Perham " a foci." ' One Shaw insisted that ho was Savoy becoming French, the .Whole of WesternI propose to enre almost ln>tantfcne©ndy,' iridividnals afHiotcdXDstfssn, and allSores ax,d P»its.Iproposetocheek ud t-U'cctuoily diisipatomoro^dieandabandoned. 'The Councilmen did no business ofwhich chose Mr. Clark in the upper'district of thisSwitzerland^from Basd'to-thc Great St. Bernard,wouldbehemmedinbyFrenchterritory,andun- toours,thovghwedpnotobjecttomakingMem-pain'andtosccomprisbioes/er andwore perfcctisqHiiibrtan)of 8pfcialimportance. '". sil the circulating fluids in the buman *yst«t», rt»»n can he effect-ed byany other orallether methods of n>odical aid Inthe sumo" a nuisance." Upon this, a lively debate ensued, City. X%doescertainlyeeeoatousthatMr.-ClarkbutthequestionwasnotputtotheHouse.It.' ..The Hon. Robert Toombs yesterday again de- foi table predicament, and that he is not likely to the other; ard, whether brainless or a bore, we can spicuous, that the1 Vienna pongress "resolved tos>has involved himself in a-yery tangled and uneom-seemed to be agreed that he was either the one ortenable for a day in case of war. This is so» con- bers of Congress a reasonable allowance fo:: their ipeceesfary expenses. W e believe $30 per lay forVarious form»of pjlite invitation are upon record,While the Governor of Chsznbery has positively regulation; but cC^id or would France allow partdeclared that the King of Sardinia has never con- 00 1 i aOf her territory to bo thus ^.V * military sub-" parlor ?" as the spider said to thefly—'-Willy o utemplated the cession of Savay to France, we have jection to another and a smaller Sta*C? Could forget what he has said, we cannot, on that ac- "come- and take tea in the arbor?" Another from the Foreign Minister of England the assur- Switzerland attempt, in the event of war, to occu- count, hold him excused in the present instance. matter of momentous importance, to be discussed ance, delivered in the House of Commons on the py and take under her military control a French P AXK'8 These delightful Plasters ji<ld wadily to the motion Suppose that Mr. Toombs said the words attributed and decided only in full family Sanhedrim, i s 3d inst., that the project was disavowed last Sum- province? Certainly not. And then, whenever it mightP A T » » T of tbe body, absorb per»piration, and throw off all th«> to him to some other Senators, on the steps of the whether the Smiths shall be asked, and the Browns mer by Count Walewskrin behalf of the Emperor suit France, the whole of French Switzerland, the >Poxor* offensive cosgulated impurities of the system. TheyPXICXLT should'be used for oil Corcnic Pain*, Paintaess. Dys- Capitol, in the lobby, in a committee room, or in shut mercilessly out. But it is a still more solemn of the Fiench. These statements of Lord John Beinese Ju'ra, Ncufchatel, Vaud, Geneva, with PlASTZJtK pepsia, Colds, Con«amr>tlou, Rheumatism, Femaleare sold Weakness, e t c They retain their active properties some other public place in Washington, is his denial affair, when a sovereign State wishes to £ive a Russell, "however, refer to a period of several as much of Fribourg and Valais as mightDepot, Philadelphia. Price 'Z?>, ZO c<-nt»>, and * 1 CO per bottle. wickian sense. . Habitually recklesa as he is in the "shaded for you?"—"Will you walk into myP. P . P .For*aleby BAxjrx* & PAJCX, NOI. 13 and V> Park-row; eud all druf gists and dealers. D<pot, Philadelphi*, Pu.use of word?, and liable as he is in consequence toPAaX'ii PXICKX.T PlA»<TXXH.They Impart Strength; they Annihilate Pain.nOSBICnCHROTC «»*<*iCi**wwjr»'wVT^»WJ*^:»n-K.Tw" l - . ' i l -* / V ' - ^ '. * • 'and the loss of a foreign province like Savoy mightginiato^taketeainBoston,and,alas!thatVir- evenbeconsideredahadvantage,solopgas#ie.doesnot.Notknowingwhoiswho,hepaystoably cold, and his arbor dismantled.eluding to come to tea, the sageB of Virginia waited for the opinion of that arbiter of all elegant things,Alps, which surround Piedmont proper in a vast Undoubtedly a stunner for Perham! Virginia is not therefore, on the frontier of Piedmont and France,1to be " honeyiuggled" even by free tickets. Josiah,Now is his time.rich; they are green, and easy, and give milk to any kind of a sucker. Come on, then, one and alL Come to the gathering, come, come pimps, leeches, \ofCapt.DearahellofCaliforniawaspassed. Several 1,298. Manifestly,alargemajorityofMr.Clark's dead,andhisbanquet-balldeserted,weadvisehim Moreover,whilefromwantoftrafficalltheroads swindlers, shysters, ragamuffins, mock-auctionCON«BKSsl.SENATE, Feb. 20.—The hiU for the relief ofthe widow 5,495; Parker (Dem.), 8,864; Burrows (Am.), disconeolation, with his lightsfled, and his garlands mands the passes.•to., aie. Ac*nt* wanted. Offioa, No. W» Broadway. cordance with the law. A resolution was adopted toWBBCKLRR6CWILSON'SSEWINGMACHINES." W e sreier them for family use."—[Tribune. *Tbeyarethefavoritesforfamilies.*—(Times.Ogee, No. 5CS Broadway, Now Y»tk. BARTHOLF'S-CwutBiUL TBD S a w i x o Mxcuiyifu.Tbeoe •nperior i<«oblne» ax* adapted to Pamlly Sowing andinorderthathistea-partymay"comeoff." InmainroadsofEuropeantraffic, andin capital oftheNew-Yorkmerchantswhoaresoundonthe laws. The House resolution appropriating $10,000 to not personally know—publicly assert that they this way, more than one bird will be slain by order. The consequence is, that in all wars be- goose. They will be glad to see you, will welcome defray the expense of inaugurating the Washington called upon Mr. Clark, during the progress of the Josiah's missile. The Union will be cemented— tween France and Italy, both Nice and Savoy, when you, will entertain you, will go down on their max-,for the present, is floored; but, full as we are ofmanly bosom Gov. Banks—the brasB-bands willblow, the flags will flutter, the gifted talkers of and when France attacked, she had to conquer either State will be relieved of their verbal dropsies, these two provinces before she could assail trans-and all w 11 go considerably more merry than any alpine Italy. And although neither Nice nor Savoy number of marriage bells, while brethren united, could be held by the Italians againsf a superiortoheprinted.AmessagewasalsoreceivedfromthenotedreplytofeeinculpationsofMrsl<£uiekly.likebirdsintheirlittlenests,withmanytearsofarmy,theyhavestillaffordedtimeforaeoncentratbeyhaveopenedtheirdoorstothescoundrels.House armouhcing the death of the Hon. William O.We do not controvert Mr. Clark's assertions; but we impeach the accuracy of his recollection. H e has a thousand hurried interviews with Tom, Dick, andHarry, during that excited canvass,jumbled together in his mind, and the fact that he has no distinct recollection of these particular interviews is not remarkable. How can that fact overbear the clear recollections and precise averments of Messrs.joy, will bless the name of Josiah surnamed Per- tion of the Italian forces in the plains of Piedmont, ham, the Dispenser ! of Free Tickets and Peaee- and thus served as a safeguard against surprise.Let this interesting class of our fellow-citizens ac- cept the invitation. They will never have a better chancetopreyandfattenon theupper-tendomof Southern trade. Gentlemen scamps, will you please to walk up and help yourselves ?tion of Mileage. "What he proposes i« a redustion of compensation, a return to payment per dien, and areductionoftheMileagechargetoafairandjust allowance. As thus explained, we heartily favor*— - - - . L. j51*«tio Stocklnw, ac«s setsntlnoaflyY.WORTHKKOWTSG.—Prof.WOODhnsdiscovered Ohio),Kellogg(Rep.,HI),Burnett(Dem.,Ky.),And yet will Josiah permit us to whisper to hima word of caution? He is no doubt a veteran any severe inconvenience. But the negative ad-Those w h o have been bald for years are now wearing theiro w n hair, and appear ten years younger than they did six monthsquences of his proposed reunion ?Virginia arrived, washed, dressed, cocktailed, and-A* i n most cases gray hairas and bhai"ld heeds are both preraa-Wo will imaginea straightline asnow, would sweep around Piedmontadopted, and the Senate adjourned.HOUSE, Feb. 20.—Messrs. Vallandighara (Dem,CONGRESSIONAL COMPENSATION. Mr. Bingham of Ohio bas a letter in this paper• remedy for the gray and bald, which is at once practicable andekoop. it require* s o dyeing, no wig, nor extraordinary trouble. Adams (S. Am., Ky.), Stokes (S. Am., Tenn.), wereThereeanbenodenbtwhateverofttaefficacy. Wenaveseen announcedbytheSpeakerastheSelectCommitteeon Sherman,Fagan,andDooley,whocalledonhim t»«rirrxinls)« almost without number, and from men ofgreat in-£«Jtf**nce,higbstanding,andmoralworth.•showman,andmayinhisdayhavedomesticatedinvantagesarebyfarthegreatest. Letusimaginea single cage a Happy Family of cats, rats, owls, Mont Blanc, Mont Iseran, Mont Cenis, and theandrabbits: Hemayrelyuponhis,longexpe- ColdiTenda,tobegiganticstonepillarsmarking correctingourstatementthathisbilltoreformthe rience;buthasheseriouslyconsideredtheconse- thefrontierofFrance.Thefrontier,insteadofbeing compensationofCongressproposestheutteCjaboli-theSenatebilltoabol'shthefrankingprivilege.Mr. hutonceeach,andwhohadapreciseanddefinite Lovejoy (Rep., 111.) asked leave to introduce a preamble object—namely, to ascertain whether it was advis-able for them, as Republicans, to support M r. MXHIoedoabtedmean*whichProf.WOODbhoassiinnvveenntteedd,,aannddnoow fivetoinquireintotherecentoutragesuponcitizensof Clark—whatwai tobegamedfortheRepublicanand resolution for the appointment of a Committee ofefles* to theafflicted. Readhisadvertisement,tryhis NorthernStatesvisitingordoingbusinessintheSouth- causebysodoing.to** end annatural, it is a doty to remedy them b y the natural tyj.in an immense arc. Chambery, Albertville, M on- breakfasted. WewillimagineMr.Perhammarch- tiers, thepoints wherethechiefroadsconverge, ern States, and report whether any further legislation VI. And now, let us look at the case more ing the illustrious consignment of Free Ticketers would be turned into French depots. The northernvisitors would not relapse into their original sav-agery ? Would not snap their revolvers, flourishtheir bowie-knives, and swing" stalwartly their the Frenchwouldbe, even in time of peace,a sticks ? Josiah would n o t certainly feel good if abattle-royal should ensue. What would he do withthe dead bodies of his Virginians, particularly ifthe Directors of the Railways should raise techni-cal objections to Free'Corpses?State of Virginia would not permit her gallant deadmonths ago; and what was then denied may nowbidding, as well as the particular guest to be bidden; be very nearly consummated. Certainly it is diffi- easily and comfortably as . Savoy and Nice;gratitude which Massachusetts owes to Mr. Josiah ment for annexation to France, which has recently under the control and influence of France, as if she presumes to cbarge others with falsehood ? Mod- Perham, who may be called the Brown of Inter- been developed among the people of Savoy, is pure- were a.mere satellite. As to Swiss neutrality in estyi*aeiriuewhichMr.Toombswillperhapsnever nationalVisiting,andwhoseexploitsinthedepart- lyofnativeorigin. Itmusthavebeenfomentedby easeofwar,thatwillhaveceasedfromthesameacquireuntilhohasacquiredsomethingofmodera- mentofpublicfestivity,areworthyofthisparticu- Frenchagents,andmustbesanctioned,or-atleast moment. Therecanbenoneutralitywkenagreat tion and of mental and moral equilibrium in gen- lar meLtion. Three ideas, it would appear, had tolerated, by the Government of King Victor and warlike power is able at all times to crushitssuch a-contemptible dedge as this that Mr. Toombsinvaded the brain of Josiah, viz: 1. Massachusetts and Virginia are not upon thee-and-thou.terms; 2.AnattemptbyMr.SupervisorBlunt,todirect partakeofhercomestiblesandofherpotables,and tonsofSwitzerland. ThepeoplespeakaSouthern lishFrenchdominationinItalyandSwitzerland—the District-Attorney to report a list of the untried listen to the chief orators and brass bands of Bos-indictmentsinhisofficeoversixmonthsold,andthe ton,areturnofancientgoodfeelingmightbereareasons for which they had not been moved to trial, Bonably anticipated; 3.1, Josiah Perham, am j us howeverj is no proof whatever that the Savoyards before we behold the attempt to make France par- was voted down by the Board of Sapervisors yesterr the gentleman to engineer this exceedingly delicat wish to be annexed to France, and particularly today,7.to3. Wereauch.areporttohefAifkfiilly business. WhereuponJosiah,kindlydesiringto BonapaitistFrance. Accordingtothenotesofaeral; bui he might at least remember that those who live in glass houses ought not to throw stones.neutral neighbor.This innocent-looking plan for the annexation ofHO3UUOTV-AY*S PiLLS.—The blood is easily disor- and honestly made, the public would be most won- save all possible trouble, Tesolved himself to be, pro German officer who made a military tour through dhrhac the Winter. The-action of the loan becomes derfally enlightened. During election times, the hocvice,the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,and the country in January, 1859, the French partyisamount .on the Rhine also ? \8 C A M P 0 W ArVTKJ**.d fsena exposure. B y their stimulating and invlgaratlQjAttrennrivalaed. TheytaarneHght,s**y,dnrable,andfittoaaharm' « o shrinking, ner turnling op !behind. BATOHXXOX'S HAIX D Y »pie be*tintheworld;theonP; the only I armless and reliable Dy* knownJ f c g g l g • * t h e F a o t o r y , , r r se m ma o o v v e e d t o N o . 1 6 B o n d - s t .P^O«TACE STAAOPS (3 and 10 centa), for tola a ttUaeOffio*. . . • 'power of the District-Attorney, backed by the un-accordingly wrote a polite billet to the HonorablThe disgusting fcuBijcess of dragging the politics of our business men into their trading relations is producing its natural effects. T h e merchants whoOR the stomach, liver, and lungs, these Phis panfyth^ strengthen the stomach, cleanse the aver, and ioitify thtnowhere of any importance, except in ChamberyOar Dally, S*jni-W»*kly, and Weekly SdJlieas can ?.*>SjisS**s>called for a certified list of theae beautiei, promis- built Europeau-and-Old Dominion steamers — Jo-1 be united to it, so that it is a mere question of time. serts of their contemptible meanness. They haveThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•Savoy is a province of thorough and decidedIf Virginia would but pay Massachusetts a visit- French nationality, as much as the western can- Savoy and Nice has no other meaning than to estab-John Letcher, Governor of Virginia, inviting thIn the late Municipal canva*« In our pity, it tives, the Hangmen, and other public servants, to remain as they are, and Chablais, Faucigny and process of explaining their politics, and showingtried indictments in his office, is said to be worthand the other towns of Lower Savoy,-while Upperi —Garibaldi's wife, Miss Raymond that was, is awas broadly asserted by theTammany electioneerero come immediately to Boston, to join in a grandthat men und« indictment, as public robbers and Constitutional Jubilee. Nothing could in delicacy fer to form a new Canton of the Swiss Confedera- ments, recommendations, indorsements, and such-wh«n she sees the animal as well as she knows % good man. She is patriotic, plump, and pretty, and pecu- niarily well situated. The happy couple passed the lun« de miel at Como, the most beautiful place in Italy, a s Italy is the most beautiful country in the world, Ther» is a difference of nearly thirty years between them, and we hope that it is all the difference they wiljt e*er* ' know.•••4otherwise, were running for responsible posts, and exceed the terms of this missive. Knowing the de- tion. Still Savoy, being thoroughly French, will the Republicans were assailed as conniving at the pleted condition of the general Virginia purse—not undoubtedly more and more gravitate toward thelike agenciei, a n d especially by getting themselvest . =3=5 election of the indicted rascaU, W e immediately as yet distended by the much-desired-but h>t-as-yet- I great center of French nationality, and ultimately newspapers at the South—tore getting the just de- J..F. FeWf U ear Agent in YALV Rw*t for the sale of TaxvVmmmnuOf course,thein the plain of the Upper P o . A ny attempt" to tendance on the sittings of eome Standing or Select concentrate the Italian forces west of Alessandria Committee whereof he is a member. W o lid. notfcr two whole months, rather than let a to be quietly inuraed in Yankee soil. Of course, would be exposed to an attack before the con- this be faher and more conducive to the due trans-French(ProvencalorLimousin)dialect;butthewrit- to make France paramount on the AlpB. This tenandofficiallanguageiseverywhereFrench.This, littlesteponceaccomplished, howlongwillitbe1^Genevese, the three Northern districts, would pre- themselves to be sound on the goose, by advertise-Untitled DocumentI.yiWithNicethecasd i* different. Thepeopleof raised a swarmofh^*** a°a ****** * g *eir the county of Nice also s^eak a Provencal dialect;Will he allow us to make a suggestion ? Would it not be well to make the compensation $ 10 per day for actual service,—that is, to exclude fr&m the count Sundays and all days on which the l>ody of which A. or B. is a member is not in session, andat Oneglia, four marches from Genoa. Thus,' those aI*o on which 8aid A. or B. is not in personal attendance, although the said body is in session ?theFrenchdepots,andtheiroutpostswould,standTurin to Alessandria; in other w ords, Piedmont we have any clear data, legislation has not been We notice, that last week the Massachusetts proper would become incapable of serious de-House of Representatives considered Mr. Perham's considered a bueines.", to be compensated by a sal- fease,and*wculdbeatthemercyoftheFrench. ary.NomemberoftheBritishParliamentreceivesproclaimed, in a former letter, that he could not gratuitous public' services, and did not very highly This is what Louis Napoleon calls " a free andpuffed and put into white lists in sundry one-horse\whichSenatetime tbe Republicans aentalion. Now, th*accessary to defeat a THE"The Select Comrni •will recommend the i pensable to the ne changes introduced I tiered by the Comrninot authorized or « directing the experin A large expense mus dtesksy as thefloorsa i struoted to prevent aIIOU "The election!pf Pn A few of the Souths the bargain to elect.]ofthespoilsforther the arrangement, an< candidate. This co or ultimately give it i <H>VERNMEKT APIfl* The Committee on Fortification and Irk •%&!lcompkfeothers thus dealing that calegislation. Immedis wiilbetakenup,wit Ward a moderate and upon this best pract stability and propei ideas. Tiefriendso excessive measures. 1 revenueandencouraTHERica The expiotionin 1 ^Richmond, and failuitheirresolutionsdec Virginia for the Pr< elusive against h i m , fer Mr. Hunter beyc3Jp the Associated ~PT*'*. WASHi ThejRepublican Coipet to^nigbt, ard org? Chairman; fiepresen George Harriiigtop, S'The Democratic Xa sending o u t a ter^e whiletheCentralEst totional Union party i canvass by an ex:«n address to the people <"The bill reported :*n< Means to-day, for ihr repair of forttfieatiens piopriates for the For atfd for Fort Kroy, Richmond Staten h $50,01'0: Port:Montj CLamplain, $20j00<: Carroll, Baltimore. ! Monroe, $11,500; F o J of thesite•of Fori' Fort Moultrie, $8.*><3 Taylor, $70,000; Kor $10,000; StFoit T.ii foVnia.S-25,000: coutil preservation' of sites $$05,000.Jud^e Amy of Km JfcW.Bob;n£on, Stcj dot poDStitution, the. itvthe office "of the & sh,o\vsthere were art Itleave*moreth&j'1 countft*cotreturi.-. aye now 110,100 ini.a' county, of •which no; » is net"returned, and A habitants. Hesaysfl «^..te when received 100.000 inbabitsnt*.The published re^oi com-lusicn of the i n cra'.ic State Couveii'.H tr.te re solution declari prefererce for any t ^:aod the papers of tba to a declaration in ;'a i*c r the Presidency at«fleetws8 pending wlXXXVIiFIK4SENATE The bill for the rehV bell of California tv:>sMr. Pl'GH (Dem., i\oits upon applioatiion Mr. FITCH (Demthe Committee on l*iti: of the Senate decumethe contract Wafc n>: aminewhetherthe Senate vsasmadein liesover. •Mr. RICE (Dem. the Committee on i' iotothe txpedwncyPassed.A ir.nt resolutionproprittlin*.$10,0W oi Washington. &On motion, of Mr. taken up.Mr. PUGH movedMr.HA&ILIN( $10,000 small enou^ -Committee to enterteame.Mr. PFGH with.d Mr. UALE (RepKays.The Wsolutiou waThe resolution fro tee onjoint rules of_Mr. BROWN'S ^1 Territorial governmMr. CLARK! I Re the fourth reaoluti . speech of Mr. Breclevery good citizen t Congress, where ii <^ ator or Representati He read the extraet www.fultonhistory.commimufiniinmHIn iiiliiiinifliTiiiiii•Iiillli 