 lsEWY0RKout of power, and a set of fresh, Inexperiencedonerectingnewtolltan.Thepeoplehadheld conservativesentimentofthecountry.The meninstalledintheirplaces. Atbestour wellknownenemies,>edidtoInanladignajit sotoconductit,bwu^Miol>WBWuTZNM8. mjfaIKIMMKW. Mom*y~ni»»aaafl»«ft*atthe rw* iy <Ae tmaier. Fuetaae dump* not revetted as tuboeriptionT,7'*»/i- P/ MA 1U/ rY HBtKRRAALLDD thte#oonmreUntpeerper caompy.. B$7, per m u m?\u«r ^ WKtIKr.l t. y HKRHALDL,D, eta^rry S*at*ur«da«y,W at tix tmt* pertime;amanwhohasnolonglistoffriendstoreward and enemies t o punish; a man who lanot the tool of any clique, but who has judg-ment to know the right, independence to pursue many others of whom we shall probably never it,andenergyenoughtorelyuponthepeople hearaword?f ABriCt-LA AC««-MB* »Volx xVr. .Wedonot "A.IIiV.£iH•TCISIE.IIEHTS rrnrweilrvryday;atlverHtrmmUin-position in relation to the public He has been run of the printing spoils and could squander of many of the members returned that the L*t>0 HOTli B Uikm of ananymoue eorreepondrnee ,~tr*i <-,.».•*•.«»« llHo*MLAIT or tax FIOTAIISBARNCM'f AMSRlCtX IfUSROM, Broadw»y - D A Ju d I'«m>g-JtiBi» L)«A«S-WIU.OW OortK-Uruio OokiOM- 111*. A x.RRTAHT'R MlNSTaFLB MaetastM' HxiL, 4T1 Broad Wmj -BoRUUftBBA, HOM«B. DABOBS, AO —TAB BTBAJI8«B.HIBUVR SALOON, Bro«dw»y.—OBO OHBTBTT'B M I S •BmBIA LB SOBbA, DABC«N BOILUBMADBB, kO. — WBTfO.ni.RKCKRR B ( 1I.OMI08—BOOVABTBI HlBSTKBU IV BOKI>*. DAHCBI. AC -I'F.TBB PIFBB FBrrBB POKE.rO(»PKR IBaTITGK.— JAVBB K U I I C I sLBCfCBBOX TBB Sl'lBBIOKITT Of WlBU ('TBB bTIAKBOPR CHAPKL. 7SU BroBdwAf.—OBB. TOM TBT/M8 i K x IBSTALBBIBT—Afternoon And Kvenln*.onbothsidesandtheCourt, thecasewasadjourn-ed till this morning at ten o'clock. The prisoner there is strength. exhibitedtheutmostnonchalanceduringthepro-c<edings.and enjoyed the charming views from Observa- say that the members have stuck to their toryHill. Intheearlymorning,fromsixtopledges. Democrats,aswellasblackrepubli-in a livenewspaper establishment.>•T i l * Slews.TheLegislatureadjournedsinedieateleven, o'clock last night, after doing as much mischief as it was possible for any body of law makers to ac- complish in a given number of days. They yester day passed the Almshouse bill, the T ax Levy, and the bill suppressing Sunday recreations. The As sembly. however, did one good thing—they sustain- ed the Governor's veto of the abominable Albany and Susquehanna Railroad scheme. A ll the cityRailroad bills were passed over the Governor's veto. Full reportB of the proceedings are given in another column.The Cfcarlestoa eonvemtloa—its Daagers and its Chances.The care and hotela on the route to Charles- ton are filled with delegates, alternates and lobby members, hurrying to the PresidentialConvention to be held in that city on Monday next; and the universal inquiry among them is, who do yon think will be nominated, and who will your delegation go for?IWQCITTw e give from th e committeeNEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, APRIL ld>1860.-TR1PLB m**HERALD. meetings, aad loudly j roteated against the move next step- and it Is fully at important as thw police system is bad enough, but tali mode of spirit, and by bis own froe* and unconstrained pression npon the public. There ean he a sment Cat, as an illaminating agent, had been j i M B S O O R D O I B I I I I T T , very successfully introduced into the city of IDirOR AND PEOPBIirOR. Kingston by Mr. Morton, a native of theisland, who has recently returned thereowwict K. w. coajrot or KASSAC AND FCLTO* STS. from the United States. The improvementfirst—must be the nomination of a candidate volition. There were no* motives what- whose name will be of itself a guarantee to the tinkering it, adopted at Albany for party pur-tu'*i-'i -.«7u, C; T -.I.</jV/y.*9*4vepreranmninmum totoaa»»yypapratrt rirfrfOGrreat Britain, and splendor. It is a magnificent atone bojlding*circumstances. The statement in Mr. Wendell'* that w e may aever look upon its like agahL cardis,therefore,entitledtobeheldasthe WeagreewithoarcotemporarylaA- only true one. A s regards the opposite state- very correct estimate which he places opoaP "1UVT'AMILV"Tfto support him therein.The Congressional Investigating C o m - ment which hehasmade to tbe Congressional the action ofhis own party. For thepr**!* m II tee—K vide nee o f M r . W e n d e l l . Committee, it is equally as clear that it baa Legislature the annals ef official corrupt**,,M!Mr. Cornelius Wendell has succeeded in been instigated by feelings of personal malice not furnish a parallel When the twshoos.. ~* .<.- /t_ji«^»j j ^ A InUrf**! mature. (A#which has recently been thoroughly remodelled andrepairedbyMr.D.M.DeCardova,the leading and most finished ornamental painter in the Island. The qaeetion of immigration was still occupying public attention, and the pspent loudly cry outfor more laborers.TllMALD on Wednesday, at four eentt per «2t*-ru»«m ..With such aaction, and such a man as its candidate, theVol I \7AKV CvRkESmNDEXCK, containing important ._L «J*'-i<ra ir-im ,,*v quarter of the ttorUl, i/ nerd, uriU beuZail?P*>d forW < >C* FOBBlOB C©B»SerOiri»rtS ABBconservative elements o f th e country will a t placing himself in anything b u t an enviable and revenge. While Mr. Wendell had the free came together, w e judged from th«eas*aner once avail themselves of the democratic organi-The weekly returns of the statistics of the public rru.i in t/.' WBTBLT HIUL>. FAMIXT HBBAtS, and inthe institutionsmadeyesterdaytotheBoardofTenJJOBrjtJMU>a tpaihwhich, in its ruthless pursuit of power, wouldThe proceedings o f Congress yesterday werequite interesting Both bouses refused to adjourn ambitious candidates, and all their desiresThese bills give the right to run railroads inalmost every leading street and avenue in th e mind. He shuffles out of a grave responsibility too powerful, and partly because th^y conceivelv.J Tbe UD. involved amounts to $80,- DC*1 T h e f i l i a l * held an executive ses-. r.-d itwfand dollars, and the insurance is abort i< ftt,iy ti.e thousand The telegraph office beto* Je- !-',»•>*d and toe instruments mjurec, we are unable tiqueM • in its relation to the judicial tribunals.berse.\iressediheniseIvesstronglyagainstcontinu- candidate ofextremeviews,eitherNortherning the oGkial rt-LMirUofdebatesintheGlobe, or Southern,noranypurelypartisan leaderInlikemanner,theSenatehasslightedtheleavesabundantroomforunfairsuspicionsto commercialandricherclassesofthecommu fallonMr.Buchanan. Thatthisisthecorrect aity;butitisquitedifferentinAmerica. Hereowing tu their iiraccuracy. $5,000 were appro-veto of the West Washington Market bill, bywhose antecedents are merely those of a suc- passing it again yesterday, and the same fate tendency of his deposition is proved by thetbe telegraph is a popular institution; it is em-had m et with considerable patronage, and itathoughtwallbeverygenerallyadopted.The Spanish and Portuguese Synagogue, in Prin-cess street, had been dedicated with great pomphas not made partisanship the pursuit of a llfo- protecting life and property.What has been the fate of these thirty or forty missing females, o f whose disappearanceaccusation to be false, and blushed to bearit even hinted that he was implicated in its cir- ACTION OF OUR BEAcmm LKOTELAW,,^m t l O M i l . OORCRRT gALOOR". M*ltaaJ Tkeatr*.- exports have reached 2,967,000 bates, against 2,181,000had any part or parcel iu the circulation ofso foul a calumny. But a change for the worse debauchery and hurtful dissipation too often•OBAB DABCBS BOKLBSODBS, 4 o .TRIPLE SHEET.in 1869, 1,716,000 in 1868, and' 1,700,000 in 1867. The stock o n hand included 798,000 bates, against 707,000 in 1869, 690,000 in 1868, and 441,000 in 1867. The feature In this statement is seen )n the large receipts, the heavy exports, and in tha cox.-appears to have suddenly come over Mr.occupies the hours which should be devoted to healthful recreation; where professional men, merchants and other well-to-do citizens over . task their powers habitually, there is especial need of something like the Saddle Horse Club, an organization of gentlemen who combine for tbe purpose of encouraging th e training ofS e w Y o r k . W e d n e s d a y , A p r i l 1 8 , I 8 6 0 . paratively small stock left on hand. Common grades of flourwere less active and easier, while the higher andgressional Committee. During the investigationSTRACTBB, April 17—1* P. M. The Republican State Convention, which meets to mar-row to elect delegates to the Chicago Convention, has drawn together a large attendance o f pipe layers a a a effete lobbyists.A large majority of tb e delegates are sireafy pre-OCR COLA'ttKlk. THIS HOftNINO.Weneverbefore,intoyoaeL*»ae, publishedso and inferior lots were heavy andoommn inactive.spoils, Mr. Wendell publicly declared, accord-ing to the embodiment of his evidence, in the good horses for the saddle only. There is hard-This marked peculiarity of the present rulingsentiment among the delegates indicates the flicted with. The city is thus delivered overdanger which attends the candidate, and' th eto the tender mercies of a parcel of speculators, party whose representatives are now hastening who, according to the provisions of these bills,thismomentofpublicdanger,hasturnedfrom street roads,which,withGeorge Law'sNinthConvention. IntheSenatea.messagewasre avenueroad,whichtheGovernorsigned,andthe ceived from the President, communicating in- all contemplation of particular leaders, andformation relative to the imprisonment of thirsts only for a party combination on the Houston street road—also passed both houses,munerated. Buttheydonotknow thediffieverythingIsIna(archedcondition^ Hess* fxom t h e R i o Grande.-Saw OKXKA.V8. Aprit Id, I860.monopoly of the lightning-tkat woaierfal prevailing sentiment—a man sagacious in poses, renders it Impossible that the poliee ever, under the circumstance*; for him to element which has been given to ua u a meg*,council and firm in administration; a manwho force can ever become of the least service in utter an untruth. H e felt aad kvjew the of rapid communication.sentimentrulingt h epartyzation and drill to check and break up tbe com-eietvted tuith meatnem, cheapnem and de- Governors showed the number of persons now bination offanatics and broken down politicians that it is utterly impossible to findany excuse of complaint against President Buchanan; bnt State has ever known. We warned-thtnaonu•-' -"*JLMCSUUU(T8 THIS IVUriMQ.AO*.oEirTorWDMOFourtMDtk —ItAUAjiOrm-yesterdaywerenotspeciallyinteresting.Mostofselvesabandonedbythepeople,andtheirpartypriatedforelectionpurposes.Theflippancyasplainasthesunatnoonday,andspeakmuchasaltogetherfallacious.Withthesingleex-H — L A S . .•<<I»MBULA. the day was occupied in transacting routine busi- organization reduced to a mere skeleton, whose of the accusation and the vituperative charac- louder than any strictures that might b e made ception of the Central Park bill -which evenKIBliO'H W * » D 1 * , Broadwmr.-K«OMBUAJI Pi«romii- ness. Seven of the nine delegates to the Generaldiscordant members will not have the cohesive ter of the organ that gave it publicity, com- this the Legislature had not the coasasamats power of public plunder to keep it even in on them. Mr. Wendell, therefore, stands con-bined to render it unworthy of anything but victed of gross tergiversation; and until he can impudence to resist—all the projects of lavashape. Thewholecountrywaitsitsaction,in contempt ButMr.CorneliusWendell,whose reconcilehistwoirreconcilable statements, forthepublicbenefithavebeenkilled,andhthe hope that common sense and the feeling of name had been mixed up with the origin of the he cannot expect that his reputation can be wholesale system of plunder upon the city ofA1CA*- ttKuiiZB L"**MBOWVKT rB*ntt,» B m m - W u U o « » - f f « P t O f TBIWlJUt0»Wl«B-i'»DDT»•PV"M.Confertnce were elected, four of whom are "con- ervative," and three "progressive." The Confe-Icncewillprobablyholditsfinalsessionthismorn togThecaseofAlbertW.Hicks,aliasJohnson,thealleged murderer of the crew of the oyster sloopW I N T I I a/LUDKH. BcoUwmf, OfpOtUti ITALIAN OP*«A—LUCKCIIA ck)iGi4.Bonda common danger, will induce th e Charleston Convention to adopt a high-toned conservatism, and nominate a candidate whose name shall b e a synonyme f o r moderation, harmony a n d union. If it does not do this, if it persists inrumor, wasof averydifferent opinion. He, materiallyimproved. no doubt, was fully aware that the PresidentWALLACK'8 TBRATRB. Br<wdw»T —Ou BCAM AMD E.A.Johnson,wasbroughtupintheUnitedStates Toixa Hmtiia- -BiauAfii BUMor Box A«D COX.Circuit Court, before Judge Hall, yesterday,the LACRA i K S F . ft T H f ATBK, H i BnMMtW»y.—OOUBU charge being robbery on the high seas—a capital B A « S offence. Counsel for the prisoner put in a plea de-IIKW WXTKRI TNBATRR, Bowarr —BomiR Hoo»— nying the jurisdiction of the Court, contending country look to the Baltimore Convention,and most eflectually, and in the most publicman brinkly at the Central Park. On last Sunday,BXDBCIA ik-r-rtAXtiL TBAUIDT LM TUB S i e n a i r u n that he should be tried at Providence, R. L, if tried the question at this time. The rule of the Le-the conservative men be prepared to go there ner possible, he caused the following cardto as many as ten thousand people strolled gislature seems to have been to touch nothing BR1 BROCOHAM'S THB1TUH, iU Bro%dwBT.-Tu at all. After some conversation between counsel from every quarter, and show that in union be published in the Washington Union of the thxpugh the Ramble, breathed the freshair, without there was money in it; and wemost11th of December, l8ot>:—A CARD.My attention has been called to a paragraph in a letterto the NLW York Kin<*, of th e 9 t i inst., in vajuie andgeneral tern.*, that the i'rt -idem had caused certainFront street, was destroyed byfirelast night. Loss about the new system of distributing the me- money, justly due to some individual, to be u««d for tbe noble art of equestrianism. The numberTredwill A Son's extensive cracker bakery, intunity to see how far the Park h a s stimulatedbetter qualities were firm and unchanged. Sales werebuted over an area as large as all Europe on the day o f publication; and however mournful may be the wailings of the provincial journals,fair; good white w a s firmly held, whileTUE WAIUNGH OF THE PROVINCIAL PRESS.— The provincial newspapers are in great distresseight the visiters tothe Park have an oppor-cans, are in all these schemes; but the odium of them must rest chiefly on the last named party, who are largely in the majority, and might have checked t h e tide o f corruption at any time. Notwithstanding, however, the pa- thetic appeals o f t h e Tribune, they went o a plundering and to plunder. The members of the New York Common Council of 1852 areekcuoiieerlJig purposes, w a n this accusation m y own n»aie has t»cn so generally uaod in converwtuou th-xt I fe-leemttraxned,publicly andemphaticMy, lodenyalldeclare thai Prurient Buchanan neverdid auth-or.ze, adiue the effects of the organization of the Fruit,honey,sugarandmolasseswere veryabund" whichweprintinanothercolumn. Oursubur- orrequeitnu, directly or indirectly, totoeeitaer mywonestimated at |G0,000. OurcorrespondentatCienfuegos,writingonthetropolitan morning journals b y railroad e x -ol riders, of both sexes, is steadily on the increate,andwillbestillfurtheraugmentedbypress,asmaybeseen bythewailingsofthe1th inst, states that the crops never looked better Philadelphia Bulletin and the Troy Time*, kmnUedye or klirfrfar.yfaauhvri can warrant it, and loant, and the weather was fair.The sales of cotton yesterday embraced about 1,000bales, cltting on the basis of quotations given In another colansn. The receipts at the ports since the 1st of Sept last have reached about 4,127,000 bales, against 3,370,000 In 1869, 2,584,000 in 1868, and 2,707,000 in 1867. Theban cotemporaries are beginning to cry out too m.iuy or Utat of any other ptrton "f^r any purpose like thai Ntw Yoik Saddle Horse Club, which nunhontdinth?paragraph rrferrid lo,orin anymanner has been incorporated by the Legisla-soon, for they may rely upon it that this ar- affettmg any public election. C. WfcNDELL.ture. In this city, where everybody is striving for money with so much earnest- ness as to forget everything else, a n d whererangement for the rapid distribution of the metropolkan journals is only in its infancy. Thereare some eight or ten railroads radiating fromNew York to the furthermost points of the re-public—to S t Louis, to Chicago, New Orleansand elsewhere—and we have no doubt that thesame express project will be carried out onevery one of them before long. When thatis 1858, he now directly asserts before a Con- done, tbe metropolitan papers will be distri-many Bdvertiuements §rappear in the HKBALD of Corn was steady, with a fair amount of sates the inhabitants of hundreds of cities,towns and report of thecommittee, that moneys belonging ly any outdoor amusement which gives so sent, among whom are the more prominent mem-thiamorning. Ourcolumns,it will beseen,are atprices given elsewhere Pork wasunchanged;the villageswillbevery glad toreceive thenews sates embraced new mess at 117 6 2 ^ a $17 76, and unin-much pleasurable excitement as horseback purposes, by and with the implied con- riding, andas a medicament it isworthallbers of the party. The convention will meet isfilled with ahort business notices—the real city spected do. at 818; thin mess at 817 26, and new prime of the world—as a first class metropolitan news-news of the dmy—and not by long advertisemente at $14 •'>: V The cnief sales of sugars were made by paper only knows hew to give it—several days sent of the President. Upon this evidence of the pills and potions in the pharmacopeia. If work by evening. Mr. fears* ~ _ k e that the public sometimes see. When it is taken auction The market for ordinary refining grad.s earlier than they can obtain a skeleton of it la Mr. Wendell—so diametrically opposed to the ail our lawyers, and doctors, and ministers, andinto cansiderstion that the entire HRKALD of this prime qualities were held with firmness, a n d morning—atriplesheetofseventy-twocolumns—is prices unchanged. The sates embraced about wholly filled with fresh intelligence, not only of the 100 bads, b y private sate, and 000 a 700 by auction, atprices given i n another column. We refer t o another news of yesterday, but of the requirements of this plaee for the reduced quotauons of the Messrs. Stuart busycommunity ofmerchant*, mechanics,cham- fortheirrefinedgoods. Coffeewas quiet; thestockwas bermaids, auctioneers, shipping houses, house own- light and embraced about 6,026 bags Rio and 28,664 mats Java. Total packages of all kinds, 89,789. Freights wereers, theatres, hotel keepers, A c , A c , Ac., A c , steady, with fair engagements to English ports. the public will have some idea of one day's workofprogress,ofrapidlocomotion,ofInstantane- hefeltconstrainedtomake intheyear1858—take an hoar's turn in the Central Park * y arrived, and nnul they meet nothing will be done. eyer For delegate* atI'a'ge Wm.M.Evarts, DovM Dudley fine morning, tbe number of fashioliable funerals Field and George Fo.'eom, o f New Y ork, a r e menUoned, aad atso State Treasurer Dorsbeimer for the western parthad been maliciously villified, and accordingly hastened to remove the impression fromthe public mind that he was in any way concernedTHE SPRING SEASON A T THE CENTRAL P ARK.— Although we have had as yet but very little tine weather (spring hereabouts produces morethe plunder-schemes which have been rushed becoming a fire-eating Convention, then let the in th e disgraceful transaction. T o d o this catarrhs than violets), yet the season has set in through this Legislature, would be quite out efNow, here is a contradiction as flat and em-by the Whatphatic as words can mttke it, that Mr. WendellWendell's found i tarising out of the contest for the printingdreams. A n allegation, absolutely necessary t owhich h e deny i nThe H ewYork Republican TBStlBBiState Cos,-to other people had been applied to illegalCorinthian o r Voorhies Hail a t tomorrow, and wilt Drabablye l e ? ^ o'clock feomotets their ^JSSum ofMonroawas heavy and >*c. lower, white good to tbe local journals. This is essentially the age plain statement which, by his own confession, editors, and bankers, and merchants were to iuc 04*^ committee, which nominates the ticket, hareous communication of facts and ideas; the daysof old fogyism are gone, and the metropolitanpress, which has done so much to promote theincreaseofrailroads,theextensionoftelegraphlines and the perfection of ocean steam naviga- In ord<»: to d o f u l l jUBt i c e t 0 t h i a ^ ^ tion, is not going to play the laggard's par;in the onward movement.tinman, and at the same time to lay thematterin another columnhis evidence givenbefore alluded to. A nd it must be borne intunity for amateur equestrians, and that it will be improved there Can be but little doubt In every good way, tbe Park is to b e to the peo- ple of this island a blessing and a boon, of the value of which the present generation can haveposed by the action of the Leglalature npon the party by the passage of a sweeping resolution of condsmaatios andtheGovernorwinieendorsed. 'The utmost harmony, enthusiasm and confidence prevailThe Sonth Carolina Democratic State Convention.COLUMBIA, 8. C., April 16, I860. The desnocrettc 8ta«e Convention aawmblal here oation.TAM.AIUSHO, April 9,1W0.Tbe Democratic State Convention endorsed to say the United States Senatorial caucus resolutions.NewsfronttheCapeofGoodHope. BOSTOB, April IT, IMS.An arrival from the Cape of Goon Hope brtagi advises of February 14. The French expedition to China h U reached Cape Town, embracing numerous vessels of war an i about 6.0CO troops. Some English vessels be:oagiog to tbe same expedition bad also arrived. The local sewi is unimportant.Sews from N o w Mexico. hii<BTuii>)ai(x. April 17,1860.The Santa Fe mail from Pawnee Fork arrived here to- day. The conductor reports the route crowded with per sons guing to the gold mine*; also a large number of Mexican trains coming in H e reports th e grass tothe Congressional Committee drew up a re£ort, in which the accusation touching corrupt prac- tices in elections is reiterated against Mr. Bu- chanan.would be indefinitely postponed, the druggists' profits would be materially lessened, and theof the State.The entire delegation will be instructed to vote as a unit for Seward, a move intended to stifle any Batesmasfairlybeforet h ea fewTHEGOVERNOR'S VETOES WIPED OUT.—NO one, w»presume,supposedthatthefactofGovernor mind,whilecomparingtheplainmatter-of-fact butaverylimitedidea.OF ALBANY LEGISLATION—THBbeforepublic, extractsMorgan having vetoed tbe city railroad billswould kill those iniquitous measures, and theaction of the House on Monday, and of the the result of a spontaneous action, made in the TENT.—TheCommissioner of Patents hasrenew- The Florida Democratic State Conven-Senate yesterday, by passing them over his veto, was nothing more than could be expected from such a Legislature as New York is af-most general and conclusive terms, while the latter results from an official inquiry, in which Mr. Wendell was personally interested.These extracts from Mr. Wendell's evidence are sufficient to show tbe animus of the whole.ed the patent of Morse's Improvement on his original invention for seven years, thus en- suring Professor Morse's right for that pe- riod of time. This is the second or thirdextension the inventor has obtained, and it i&granted now upon the plea that he has not been to the Convention. There seems to be among can riddle some fifty or sixty of our streets with He dared not, it is true, in so many words de- sufficiently remunerated for the time and laborthem no sense of the appalling peril which is startling tbe country, and rousing the conser- vative feeling everywhere to action. A ll their thought is devoted to the personal claims ofrailroads when and how they please, without any conditions being imposed upon them as to time, mode of construction or rate of fare.clare that the President was particeps criminis in this most nefarious application of the public funds, but that this is the inference clearly im- plied and intended must be patent to everyexpended iu perfecting the system. Many peo- ple are disposed to find fault with this exten- sion of the patent—partly, perhaps, through a fear that the telegraph monopoly may becomeover so as to allow members an opportunity to at-tend the I'reHideiiti&l nominating Conventions. It is clique. In this the elements of the Charleston metropolis. They comprise tbe avenue D,probable, however, that very little, if any, busi-ness of importance will be transacted from Fridaynext until after the adjournment of the Chicago tbe feeling of the people, which, inthat Morse has enjoyed-it long enough, and as !>*• fine and abundant. Tbe mails are now travelling without an tecort, but it is not considered entirely eaie. The repc rta from tbe hostile Indiana are that they *re for peace, but their trtact.er; i« t o well known that c t Lunch Ceper deuce is paoed on their professions ofamount merely to a wish to be in the winningby evasive answers, and rests his chargesSeventh avenue, Fourteenth street, South and against the President on the weak basis of vain he has recently obtained a bonus of someConvention exhibit a strong contrast tosuppositions. Thus, in reference to the asser- tions concerning the appropriation of large sumsofmoneyinsupportofanewspaper,and to the question of the Committee whetherWest streets, and Tenth avenue and Forty- secondeighty thousand dollars from European govern-ments,theythinkthathehasbeen amplyre- ,1Mcos-dip. Noratif>a?'alienhere fortwomonths,aatfpriated to defray the expenses of a delegate tothe cessful ward politician, or a jolly, botUe-pusb-InternationalStattotieaJConvention,tobeheldin wasawarded totheAlbanyandSusquehanna interpretationplaced uponitby theCommit- chanic,thesewinggirlandtheservant,aswell oiacnes,toleaveheretri#eekly.commencingtomorrowLondoninJu.'ynext. ingdemagogue,noranyexpertintbeartof Ltee.IntheirreporttoCongresstheystate morning.TheexpressistogotnrougntoUenveronym Railroadbill,butthelatterwasfinallykilled asthemerchant,themillionaire,andthepoli- aixoajs _^___Wepublfelimsuo'berpartoftoday'spaperour spUttingpolitical hairs. Ultramenandkeen intheAssembly. Allthese measures involve that the "investigation developed the tician. Thepoorest manin NewYork does Arrival of theKevennc Cntter Crawford.first instalment of news from San Francisco and partisans must all give place in the some twenty millions of dollars. Itisevidett fact that these abuses existed chiefly not hesitate to communicate any important CUA»JB>TOA, 8 C , April !<• BrSalt Lake City, per thefirstPony Express from the present emergency to those whoselar mail from the tetter place. In San command the confidence of the sober sense, tous, which the lobby is rich enough to pay for ing, which printing has been by custom, and other cities by lightning.Tbe U. S. revenue cutter ha* arrived here from »*";in the use made of the excessive former place to St Joseph and by the regu- broad views and sound principles will from enacting any measure, however iniqui- profits derived from the Executive print-Francisco t h e people were i n ecstacies a twhich,inthepresentcontestisdeterminedto notbylaw,controlledbythePresidentof the Thelargerthenumberofmessagessentover»be heard sharp firing for over oae hour.The Blston Wcenlp Bank Si***""**: Bonos, April 17, 1M*.reception. The officers of tae Caadinmarnih -theCtOiU courier of the Embassy, prior to the axri i that whete ae«» of Congres* c 'ofitet with these varying from a week to three months. 11»•!it«a\ed fiom the w m k by 0 - • .that the Legislature were not to be restrainedpiece of domestic intelligence to his friends in wica, Ua. Ail oa board ol her are w«ll. She ^ P * * that on tbe 4U> of April, off the coast of oeorgta,the arrival of the Japanese Embassy in the United bring its voice and its votes to bear. The MfssiNO PERSONS—WHAT BECOMES or THEM!— United States. Direct evidence on the subject the lines, the better It pays the companies ;Btates frigate PowhaUn, from Japan; inieed.the excitement about the newly discovered Washoe' violent pro-slavery men of the South are as One of the most 'striking examples of the was given by Cornelius WendeU, his testimony every wire they are compelled to streteh I/*n» sua discounts• i t t s i a S AJM'TSS • au'80S Jfif'SJ"SiM0ir*'*"Capftal stock mine had temporarily subsideJ, while repugnant to it &the f*"?tlC— TM^Ai!llC!l!?t?OT* facility with which people can be made away being corroborated by others." And again, after from pole to pole brings a n additional Specietending % courtesies to and languished guest*.ex- theNorth. Itisclearlyperceivedthatthe quotinganextractfromtbePresident'sDu- profit, andif they were to attempt to fuefromotherbanks with in this city, without exciting any particu- I>oe to other banksHonizing their dis- qn*s'ka*of slavery in the Territories is an lar attention, is furnished by the late discovery quesne letter, they add :— increase the price beyond an equitable stan- Circulationthe 2d of April fpbeuieral question, which the advancing wave of a female body in the North river, off Jersey It appears that but a few weeks before this letter was dard, business would soon fall off to an extent » grand banquet was given to the Embassy written la> ge Bums out of the profiia of the public ortntia*W e a t h e r l t o p o r t a . LUUTAX.April17,1W3MP»*9(tt*PrincipalhotelsofSanFranoieco, ••Ipopulationwill,ofitself,hideinafeiryears; City,andisaconvincingproofoftheInse- wereusedwtthhis(thePresident's)impliedconsent,forthe thatwouldserveasawarningtothecompanies%rhkh waa participated in by Governor Downey white the great question of the existence of the curity of human life in this miserably governed purpm cfamtrollirig the Qmyrcttionai elections tn Pem<vl- that tbe public would not submit to an oppres- April 14—Weather ctoody, wan rain. Thsmsnetorwm«u and New lork In the Berks county districts of P*-un the municipal officer, of 8a* ifrnjKjisco, tbe officers cunfctitulinn and (he Union stands for all time. metropolis. In the efforts to identify the vic- Bylvania a part cf ihu mone> was used, but notwiUistaadOf the Powhatan, awl quite a number <rt officers of It is evident that other and more powerful tim in this case nearly forty persons have come Ing the old Jackf on democracy of that district, with an in corruptibility forwhloh the> deserve all pratee^efeated thesive monopoly. Besides, there is n o doubt40 degress above aero. Wind N* a . . w April Is—Snow early in the morning. Wise Cress «•that many new inventions will spring up with- thearmyandnavy.Theutmostham^yprevailed principleathan mereacts of Congressgovern President'sfavoriuaadpresentMiuiatartoAustria John inthenextsevenyears:thebusybrainoftheforward with stories of missing females who GlancyJOi-s, and elected to the present ConTMaa'to hS »nd the Japanese appeared highly pleased at their tbe flow of population into the Territories, and have mysteriously disappeared within p.' un-TA prludftpsWt which govern the popular lenti- not been for tbe discovery of this body uuaei S i t t £ i f e ^ f i * 1 " 1 °l h e r E f w S l v 8 P"ronage, being his magnificent plan, the most perfect on the Of the PowhataD—were entertained a t a banqiist, :in which the Japanese Admiral prop.««d a signia' w*Jt%l*l|et' boeomo a dead letter and cease to Circumstances indicating the commissioi. »? a 'M!*f°ltr (UWioivfriMn* trprtteniativet retumei from globe; and who can doubt that in the ever-ac&.Josss,N.8.,AprdlT,18dOa 1« A M — A mild a n d ctoudy morning. Wins ugav,westerly.The©rentiWrli«•*«*'•""• lfm.PKOVU>B!»OB. April 1 7 , » B W . The great refrigerator sail of J C **£%>£ J ^ naii aiato.tOiarleBWms6ip,ofNewrtovea,aadBr^»canttoast ThePowhatanputinto(I>aoiuiushortfesrfulcrime,theprobabilityisthatwewouldthe SUtt of nfew York ai that tall elettwn are four from the cityofjfew York,towards«-/wseelex-tunMr.WendeUoontH- tmtedo*A'. ef (he prir.tMu profit*.live field of American invention many systemswill spring into life before th e seven years- Cisco was overhauled at Mare Island Navy Yard- «W ttST-"°f ^""MM* they** picions disappearances, although the solution Mr. Wendell has, therefore., stultified himself lease of Mr. Morse expires? There are atof coal and leaky, and on her arrivnl at San Fran- , f 0 r e t h a l ^Ca4rle0 r Weareinreceiptofadvkeafrom Kingston,Ja PopularfeoC £ ^ «?**' «"« *ofnever have heard of one of the numerous sus-She was expected to sail for Panama, with her dis- tinguished guests aboard, about the 5th last.of many of them would doubtless reveal a tale to the fullest extent, and now stands morally present seven different telegraph systems r ^ ^ v w S - w ^ a - . - * - " olmrnKw a p a -' * •*ton Convention, orof violence and bloodshed. #convicted of a perversion of facts. It is for in use in Europe—those of Morse, Bain, testto decked to he good-him to reconcile, if he can, the glaring dis- Varlcy, Henley, Wheatstone, Steinheil, and T a e SailinsT o f t h e N i a g a r a .make, to tin* 26th ult The weather bad been pe- write t h e n ^ e . ^ ^ ^ *>|f&> »T ely The aarming frequency of cas^s of this kind crepancy between his two statements. But one Wbitehoufie. Prior to the year 1S38 there were The mails per the royal mall steamship Njagwa wfflculiarlymtloandgenial,onlyinterruptedbyocca- ticalorganizationu^—7 "^at&eirpoU- speaksvjinniesfortheinefficiency ofthe thingisp]inlyapparent,andthatis,thator?3 nolestthantwentj-onosystems,inventedit .Tataevtno'clockw»morrovmorning,bitfche*'Ks em)< rtins and a slight shock o/cattL^uiie. A C a n l a b U police; and yet no sooner are one Board o» vion with its old eomp?,r °S iM ° "0" uave her Jouk untii aboo'. nine A. M of his statements must bejalse. Which of them Europe, and there have been more than a LL'lrvKeHion *.«- »i k-tpated in the parish** of Hano- The first care of the Conv ' ^* P W t ' ' roliceCninouiosioners and one body of policeUntitled Documentis thetree cne it is,of course, ca^vtoseeWhen Mr WeateU fait " POP traioed'pubHcloozen svetems patented on both continents siooe th»n ; and tbe spirit ot iuveL.uo.i L> now Lpore active than * vorThus, we conceive Jteu- need be very lit'le vHB.rketa.ver ALU r>i. . ' ^ u , LA the gorernmeat had decidedfore, be to setM .a T ^ " ^ £ men sufficieotic longin office toknowsomePlilI.ADSL.rdia HTOVS BOASO. Art17card of Mr. Wendell with these selections from his published testimony, that the former wasEXTENSION OF THE MORSE TELEGRAPH P A -culties with which he had to combat in estah and now before the Governor—make in all there was any understanding on the sub- lishing a system which has proved so va'tiiiolrTbeinatabU The n. ws 1* ut importantnaturalized American citizens b y foreign great conservative principles that sustain t h egovernments. Notice was given of a bill providing constitution and tb e Union. Called together seven new gridirons for this unfortunate city.forthetransportationofthemailstothePacific bythepowerofpartydrillalone,thedemo Thatwewantmorerailroadsisquitecertain;by railroad. The Committee on Public Lands re- cratic politicians are intent only upon securing but, even admitting that the roads thus pro- while he could not openly accuse the Presi-sage vetoing me lull for the relief of Arthur £d- Under these circumstances, the Charleston of the franchises of the metropolis, and we give sident should understand it also. This Is cer- California these same instruments will be usedWaril-i Jiid oiher»,contractors,forcarryingthe Conventionincurstheperilofshockingthe onthePacificslope.Itistruethatwehaveatele Governor Morgan credit for his attempt to tainly a novel mode of coming to conclusions,steamship Auatin bring* B . » z « advioea o f UtelSttportedtheHomesteadbill,withmodifications.The avantagepositioninthespoilshuntcomprised videdforwill ever be constructed—which ispoints of the modified* bill are given in our report in a Presidential campaign. doubtful—we protest against these infamous cause he understood that the spoils were toof the proceeding*. The President sent in a mes- and profligate measures as a shameful robbery be improperly expended, that therefore the Pre- House, and Hughes; and if a line is built tomails onthe Noitherulakesfrom1819to prevailingsentimentamongthepeople,andofannulthem,futileasithasbeen.He,atleast, whichwefeelconfidentwillno*recommend graphmonopolyinthiscountry;butitisex-xtt»tret»urne<t Thelossisestimatedatovertftreeceedingly difficult, if not impossible, for auysioii. I'll1 w e a r e not advised as to what subject • uicli htm overwhelmed its old antagonist, the tbe most corrupt and shameless Legislature That portion of his evidence which refers to monopoly to sustain itself by adopting a high ufcuju, as yet, any further particulars.con*-ipniDg the democratic party to the fate has done his duty, so far, in the premises; but itself to an enlightened public.wa* ui.oti v "ii-nit i aiion. In the House, Mr. Conk- whig organization. T h e country will not en- that ever sat in Albany has overridden the ex- the expenditure o f moneys in elections is de- tariff, and the public would speedily discounl i n g , O l . \ r » . \ r . , k . 1ii iJe a speeeeh on the slavery dot s« a n y ultra sentiments, whether they b e ecutive authority, just as i t has outraged every serving of particular attention. While h e hastenanceanymode ofconducting a telegraphadvtncfd by a democratic or black republican sense of decency and propriety throughout its The 1< hi tr*._\ bill was taken up,and severalmem- convention. The people will not accept any entire career.used the same caution on this part of the sub-In Europe theject with t h e President, M r . Wendell r e - turnsanythingbutasatisfactory answer;for,to the world.dent of complicity, be plainly states that be-There are three systems of telegraphing now in use by the consolidated American Telegraph Company on the Atlantic slope—these of Morse,* Suspension InBoston.B.«io», April 17, I860.Tbe suspeneion of Allen, Neal & Co.. bankers, u an i.(uLced. Tee:r liabilities aresmall, aadthen- ass«ts wi;l, LTobabiy, cover the demanuaL a r g e F i r e a t W o o d s t o c k , K . B .ST JOHB, N B , April IT, I860.He b>itinr»partofWoodstock,N.B,wasentirely i<- iii.jed h. fire last night. Over oae hundred nutttf-14cusation stade a ^ " « * • President b y h is fear that any telegraph monopoly will vest.culation.Thisistheperfectlynaturalcourse TheTribuneclosesaratherdolefularticlecos we are now informed for the first time, or of the that any gentleman would pursue under like eetning the Legislature with a fervent wishguiltyoftergiveisationsogrossandpalpable largesumsofpublicmoney,hehadnoword gislatureof1860wouldbethewantthatttunder their charge to be 7,678—an increase of 28" • • 1 0 8 for the past week. The number of admissions was revolutionize and destroy tbe whole existing 1868 some absurd rumors were put in circu- mity of the evil and resolutely checked it for expect that these men, bought, and bonadhaad1,635; and those who died, were discharged or order of things among us. Without them the lation by the republican opposition press,to the good of the public, Mr. Wendell assails and foot, by an unscrupulous lobby, woulddo transferred, numbered 1,607. Charleston nominee cannot be elected, and the the effect that President Buchanan had caused him with an exploded calumny, which he had anything more than attend to private interestsThe proceedings of the Methodist Conference democratic politicians will soon find them- certain public moneys to be improperly appro- himself most flatly contradicted. The facts are they might as well discard the idea at once'Jor his conduct. In the latter part of the yearas soon as th e President discovered the enor- at that time, that if they were foolish e n o u g hontcnere' bills very much augmented. The thatmaycreepintoit openingeoftheParkaffordsasplendidoppor- Aneffortwillbemadetothrowofftbeheavyloadim-Navigation on theSt. Lawrence. Munnuun, April 17, I860Ihefirststeamer(orQuebecleftlastevening.The Central Overland Express.Sr JoaaTH, Mo., April Jt, I860.The Central Overland California and PJte's Peak i'as- ployed by every class—the laborer and me- eerger and FJtprees Company have put on a line ofwhich was not fair and proper.ject which pervades his entire testimony, he telegraph is used almost exclusively by the M>wasforty degrees above ttro.W., fine from noon, but coWer at 4 *>. April Is—Weather fata- a a d pleasant.60 degress. Wind 3.8. W.world is always at work. It is only within the IT—Weather cold, with rain. Wind Nlast three or four years that Hughes invented S B Thermometer 46 d«reees a t noon; at cloudy still sad raining slightly^^^t-.Thernomet*- oaaagedl} 'four •,ck>'.kNew York has been initiated andcarried through, to tbe exclusion of everything else. All the city railway bills have been passed over the Governor's veto. T o enumerate allremembered by a grateful people agreeable title of the "Forty Thieves."shall we call the Legislature of I860? The " Albany Buccaneers" is pretty near i tMonday.Mr.OrrwaachosenPresident,aadmadea00a- servauTe speech He favored the Cincinnati platform and mocked the exercise of a spirit favorable to the baa interests of the national democracy.1 rained bard doring last niebt. The weather to day is cie.r anu very mild. Tbermom^tor at etgnt o'clock A thing of their duties than they are legislated 1 and emphaticJly to deuy309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comSWOB* firmruii-AuaU-HL*. »' » '-r7., Pe».a«>lvana state Area, W f i ******Thomas M. Tryniskitao caltuni:'oui 4c- 