 m nm•-1IECEIMBER3 1resented by a minority in the councils of the General ern confederates. All fraternity of feeling between ginia. Thus the Constitutional compact has been de-j «nd outrage, and South Carolina, a^ain assembling her Government—having no pswer to protect itself against the North and the South is lost, or has been converted hberately broken and disregarr^d by the non-siave- •yopja ia convention, had this day dWolved her con- the rule of the majority. The majority, constituted into hate; and we of the South are at last driven to- holding;States, and the consequenCe follows that Southjfreetioa with the States constituting the United from those who do not represent these sectional or gether by the stern destiny which controls-the exist- Carolina is released from its obbgations..awte*. J local interests, will control and govern them. A free ence of nations.. Your bitter experience of the faith- The ends,for which this Constitution was framed are iThe one great evil, from -which all other evils have people cannot submit to such a Government; and the lessness and rapacity of your Northern confederates declared by itself to be " t o form, amore perfect Union, may. have been necessary to evolve those great prin-Svwed,' is the Overthrow Of the Constitution of the moreit enlarges the sphere of its power the greater ciples of free Government, upon which the liberties,-of establish justice, insure domestic tranquilbty, provide 3fcnVted States, The .Government of the United States must be the dissatisfaction it must produce, and the the world depend, and to prepare yon for the grand for the common defense, protect the general welfare, 3bno-longer the government of a confederate republic, weaker it must become. Gn the contrary, the more it mission of vindicating and reestablishing them. We' and,secure the blessings Ofliberty to ourselves and ourAn*ofaconsolidateddemocracy. 'Itisnolongerafree abstainsfromusurpedpowers,andthemorefaithfully rejoicethatothernationsshouldhesatisfiedwiththeir posterity.",^overument^ bus a despotism. It is, in fact, such a it adheres to the limitations of the Constitution, the institirtions. Self-complacency is a great element of These ends it endeavored to accomplish by a Federal government as Great Britain attempted to set overoux stronger it is made. The Northern people have had happiness, with nationB as with individuals. We are Government, in which each State was recognized as an lathers, and which, was resisted and defeated by a neither the wisdom nor the faith tO perceive that to ob- satisfied with ours. If they prefer a system of indusr equal, and had separate control over its own institu- seven yesare^struggle for independence.sti-uction of the Constitution vyhich originates ia.hos- far as possihle, to check the impetuous ardor of thosetility and hatred, or shall we, as men who know our Who, without looking wisely and cautiously ahead, rights, bestir ourselves^and by a firm, united, and cor- essay this travel.' But, once ventured on the journey, dial •" cooperation,"' fortify and strengthen them, thatthey may DOtransmitted unimpaired to our children, there is no one who will more readily lend an eneonr- and our children's children, throughout all genera- agiiig hand to such an aspirant as 3Iiss AmieDinemor#, tions ? Wisdom dictates that all the questions arising who poggessee so many qualities to ^nspire interest, out of the institution of Shivery should be settled now, and, we trust, with patience and labor, to insure suc- and settled forever.Apeoplejealousoftheirhberty will detect danger cess. Most gladly, therefore,shallwewatchforthewhile it is yet afar off and provide the remedy.; If. reappearance of this sweet and charming bower in thatever there wasa people answering this description the garden of art to which ahc has consecrated her genius. ,past glorious history of North Carolina will point outyour, fellow-citizens as that people.,IbearthismessageofMississippitoyou,and,throughyou to the people of North Carolina; and I hope thatyou will allow me to inform^ Mississippi that North Hall, with his admirable lecture on Madame de Sta^L Carolina is fully alive to the importance of the presentcrieis, and '\ will cooperate with her in the adoption of,efficientmeasuresforthecommondefenseandBafetyof!JObthe colonies did toward Great Britain. The North- refused to pay to Great' Britain, or that the institutionern States, having the majority in Congress, claim the of African Slavery would b'e made the grand basis of this act.ara« power of omnipotence in leghdation as the Brit- a sectional organization ofthe North to rule the South, In the year 1765, that portion ofthe British Empireidh Parliament. " The general welfare" is the only never crossed their imaginations. The Union of the embracing Great Britain undertook to make laws forConstitution was a Union of slaveholding States. It the government of that portion composed of the thir- JiauHo the legit-latiwu of either; and the majority in rests on Slavery, by prescribing a representation inlOaugzees, as m the British Parliament, are the sole teen American Colonies. A struggle for the right ofnently half slave, half free,'' and that the public mind disarmed, scad (as far as cannon are concerned) at must rest in the belief that Slavery isin the course of the mercy of traitors. For months the mus-mm * i) piipiiii iija*,?aKK i"-^* «•'*T?%'w. *••\So tax the colonies'tofcpronu>te British iatovefts. Our first established. That identity. of feeling,. interests, Aethers resisted this pretension. They claimed thevania and to-ourselves to prevent (by force, if neces- They further solemnly declared that -whenever any that a war must be waged against Slavery until it shall sary) the transfer of the.se munitions of war, underxigfit of self-taxation through their Colonial Legisla- and institution's which once existed is gone. Theylonger exist; tho equal rights of the States will be lost-direct trade with .Europe. Between 1710 and 177*J a common Government. Not* only their fanaticism, there were built in these yards twenty-five so^are- but their erroneous views of the principle^ of free Gov-hxecuiive Department, Dec 20,1860.RALEIGH, N. C , Dec, 1860.For some reason or other, the Surveyor, Mr. Tfl&gley, alter making the necewary oath, in regular tbrm, that his bill " is in all respects just and true," before a Mr.-rjgged vessels, beside a great number of SIOOJJS and ernments, render it- doubtful whether, separated fromjKfcoonerg, to carry on our coast and West India trade. the South, they can maintain a free government among Jba the half century immediately preceding tlie lie -. oiu- themselves. Brute numbers with theni is the greattaon, from 1725 to 1775, the population of South Coro- jbna.increased seven-fold.Sin: I have the honor to inform you that I have#*heSoutharethenaturalresultsoftheconsolidationof. 5cfthe people of the North have the power by CongresstowhichUieCommissionersreducedit.A, .CoLTECTioN OP MAMMOTHS.—-Mr. Nobjonv C.Wainer,whohas recentlyreturned from Oregon,1• •"""|W^^mmWmmm^m^boKbufshall -. . _ SECESSION MOVEMENT. the Constitution must be first aboliehed by construo- from its obbgations. The right to do so is denied by »nch service or labor may befon of the her Northern cOnfiederateB. ; Tliey desire toestabhsh ations: but,that betogrdone;"W eob^lidam despotism^ not only omnipotent in: Congress, but om- , , » »To buiM up their sectional predominance innipotentover the States'; and as if to manifest the im- |/wUbbut2VtS ROV*3UB3€0«TY CftP BOOTH CAKOtisfjS sues, was in the obvious course of thraga. -ovmt r." . ! perious necessity of our,secession,, they threaten ns The greater'nmnucr u* UA*O WMJ... 0 rwHhbulk. U, time* very me*, fer. Mr. Warn* peart, a Ofcri*three ponnds; K tTajpahakin, a and a RUansho. - trees prwhjro.gaaizedk*Vib* 2jp,m.,iather York FreeAcno> fa**d b y a ifnu- Colleges throe ' Bepresetrtiitivfi* legei>, among -w! Bacvard Univw Sobeoectady. b MistoMuppi, Box lege, Uoivemtv acted thtw far k theConvention continue the (-»•-<- bushsees of the and-adopting M oomog motioux 1 the fraternity, tiou dinxiec- v, ]Hotel. .THK Crrjv'Qv. the newly-epp-vustated, is one pt and birgeiy zmr± •yesterday aften*i nined bis IntT,Thefimda ofIa posited with Mr. days before. tl.>.«There £Ma report was concoct..'.1 \n Ping, at a can/ u days before Mr. mooy. W e gi%-« I>eTiin,weareij8cicn>E or t Poland, aged 52 of the Jewn'.IIo street, died on C inflictedwoun^ij!.Ihg from a epbiai the attending ph; few days ein^ tl was no pro»p«-ct ment so 'li-hc;;!u histhroatwitha unfortonate atai death. Coroner yesterday, result Xacts.A FXR2MA>*>etirred in the I between the aic vuteiders at the teenth street. 1 ered about, renui ant ^foreman of! veyed home '»? e«ved injarief oi by the ecene. T vhouid Lave ••#. are, s a d conse-nnPT.VCR AN7> J CChild's Hospital tiuciire ejitertiim afternoon 'Mid evi Poach and Judy appear, with di^sc ih support of tine programmeiseat* nobleone. Hool anleered to uiv. for the beactit' T H S U M O N«ojoy, ia ,c«>«ftnt«3a •erformsne*?" In ^H ioeth goodIlk* "-j'. •'gadlof uittemt^*. «esd amity, to (at;d> the Fantes<ic)•'*z>to BAJtaTr*'!*Arraoi'ui VTJdittiooli to s^-t'T". MS, nothios tit; d«lixj«a)i»n, 0/ ". JIFovtiot.ls TX* iALAMJCDOK SM4Tbe Gra:'^ tnorning. 1"; Jave-trad^ m»' Yo*t will p abeged intr-..' il thesb»ve^t« Courts or J::of ouroov.afrv justice—-U> Iw 11violation oi around them,duty, if they h that grave ofl to make icaim thereto, «J'i, hYmnu>h the pei "If Co«rrn«ome offei:«i.*rj gtuirdiac» ot t serving of ib«?! "Tliat the trade bad he<aud in Other | exal Coarten admit of di^f and inhuu::m "last fovr yeni >Jly upon v*l wnot adwit •>Within i\ cland Tuise:;<'port of JSew- ; "Ibislact•gtatesandaU C V " H has. at h reproMch UIH'« J Toetropolis o: upermitted, it explicit na'i "' ^tttdvsndNk''^ t t S v i l l b irators of Ui«. forced.«Tbebe.J.' ^rowiptrtr^I- 4i x^o nv ;<* i^ncc it i^ v»l down, and i>rif"TOen'attl diftbreut. oi law*, snare- vi be an end ot'•**It iaur: who engagv » none otnt ^ v fraud and ;:U-uiiauiy.andt anyway •eI #Ver atrxH.< au Andas,t unvieldbur ohfeers ot til the cruui?k1"fb« rnlt«»* 54* , dardBaii»J*t aLT h e i l < u J. District'A im aa b?juRct:o from disiKMiir Itouda. \v icfBaa.Xoi'1'v'iwanted together trmder one Government are different,' many and endless u irrepressible conflicts," between eight years—:and the law ordains that children shall be authorizing the importation of slaves for twenty years, worked only ten* hours a day—and the saber and•',• »m •The fourth of a course of Lectures will be deliveredin the Thirteenth street Preshyterian Church (the Rev. Dr. Burchard's), this evening, by the Rev. Wm. A- Bartlett,ofBrooklyn. Sahject: "The Undiscovered Arts.".' » .The Delta Psi Collegiate Fraternity will bold 5ta**eh must have the power to protect its interests by the two great sections of the Union. The same faith- bayonet are the instruments of order—he it so. It is and by stipulating for the rendition of fugitives from "UrnowgaimarionoftheGovernmentorthey cannotbe lessnesswhich has abolished the"Constitutionof the theiraffair,notours.Weprefer,however,oursystemof labor. ..,'•'.The Rev. H. K. Iludson delivers hislecture OB " King Lear" this evening at Hope Chapel. / "'"':free. The interests of Great Britain ana of the ooio- United States, will not fail to carry out the sectional industry, by which labor and capital areidentihedin in- - W e affirm that those ends for which this Govern the South."3oe# were different and antagonistic. Great Britain Surposes for which it has been abolished. There must-nrae desirous of carrying eut the policy of all nations e conflict; and the weaker sectibii of the: Union can terest, and capital, therefore, protects labor, by which•wealth and power. She had vast and complicated rela~ North. The repeated efforts made by South Carolina, starvation is unknown, and abundance crowns the States have assumed the right of deciding upon the1 have the honor to be. with great respect, your obedient ser- vant, - J.THOMPSON,Cornmiaeiouer from Misttisiripp!.To His Excellency Jons W. KLXJH, Governor of the State of North Carolina. . ' ,THETREASONATPITTSBURGH.•»cwa»d their colonies of making them tributary to their only find peace and liberty, in an independence of the our population,doubles every twenty years; by which the action of the non-slaveholding States. Those1jm» with., the whole world. Her policy toward her in a wise conservatism, to arrest the progress .of the bind; by which order is preserved by an unpaid police, propriety of our domestic institutionSj and have deniedSffartbAmerican,colonieswastoidentifythemwithJwr in all these complicated relations, and to makeGeneralGovernmentinitsfatalprogresstoconsoli- dation, have been unsupported and denounced as faith- less to the obligations of the Constitution by the veryandthemostfertileregionsof.theworldwherethe therightsofpropertyestablishedinfifteenofthe Caucasian cannot labor are brought into usefulness by J States, and recognized by the Constitution; they havethe labor of the African, and the whole world is I denounced as sinful.the .institution of Slavery; theyFrom The Pittsburgh Dispatch, Dec. 25.• —It is not enough that we are to be sold out to thewz*^ the']ifolfvefed uliment. The experiment consisted in uniting under one * Citizens vbf the slaveholdnig ;States of the.United clared her estimate of its value by making it the con Mississippi is content with the compact which bur JUOU, ASSEMBLE XW^ ' ^ I T V ^ W O ^ t o T&B Go\"«rnment different peoples, livingin different cli- States, circumstances beyond our control have placed dition of her cession.of the territory which now.com-1 fathers formed. The Constitution ofthe United StatesThem bear, in common with the rest of the empire, thedUB burden of her obligations and necessitiea. She had men and States who were destroying it by their usur- blessed by our own productions. All we demand of havepermitted the open establishment among them of SeceB8ionistf?—the Administration wOuld bind us hand& vast public debt; she had a European policy and an pations. It is now too bite to reform or restore the other peoples ia to be let alone to work out our own societies whose avowed object is. to disturb the peace and foot, deprive us of arms, and debver us, tied neckguilty of no such folly. Time and the progress of that the judicial tribunals shall be made sectional,;and things have totally altered the relations between the do." -. •,- . 'peared in support of various items in the bill; Mr. John E. Burrill appeared for'the Controller and Mayor; Mr. A. R. I^wrenoe for taxpayers, and Mr. Clarence A. Seward for the'Commissioners of the Central Park inoppositiontothebill. Mr.Busteedopposedanyob- jection to the,bill by the Commissioners ofthe Central Park, on the ground that they were mere ministerial u^entf. This objection was; overruled.. Various ob- jections were then made to the form of the btlis and of the affidavits annexed, all of which were overruled. The objectors then offered to show by affidavits that several of the charges of the bill were unfair, unrea- sonable, and exorbitant, and ought not to ho allowed or taxed. Mr. Fowler refused ,to receive affidavits, holding the bill and annexed affidavits wcro conclusive'upon him. Mr. Bustced then moved that the amount ofthe Surveyor's bill be raised from $32,846, to which it had been cut down by the Commissioners, to $49,272 89, the original charge. He argued that tbo CommisBiouers had nothing to do with approving or- disapproving the bill; they had nothing to do with them. Mr. Wildes P . W alker r^oved that his bills be» raisedtotheiroriginalamor ,,andMr.May made3SWBB«6T\V-aiirttlvetvfotooofildnot-rightfullybetaxed ing.andcommercial.States—between slaveholding ment." Deemingthe.GovernmentofGroatTBiltainto ofself-government.orselt-protection,and-thehederaljby its Legislature. The British Government, how- and non-slaveboldiug Stales. Their institutions-'aiui have became destructive of these ends, they declared Government will have become their enemies.•«rver, ofl'ered them a representation in,the British' Par- industrial pursuits have made theta totally different -that the colonies " are absolved from all allegiance to Sectional interest and animosity will deepen theirri- jhuthent,' hut it was not safticient to enable them to people*. That equality in the Government between the British Crown, and that all political connection tation, and all hope of remedy is rendered vain by thecannonandmunitionsofwar,totheBritish,would his commission or his epaulettes have given force to an order tainted with-vile treason 7 No, his gallant offi- cers would have torn the epaulettes from the shoulders that disgraced them, burned bisl commission, put him in chargeof a guard, and double-shotted their guns for an enemy, however aided by shameful treason. Let it he so with Mr. Secretary Floyd. The people of Allegheny County should see/that the. cannon pur-wotoet themselvesfromthemajority,and they refused it. the two section* of tho Union which once existed, between them and the States of Great Britain; is, and fact that public opinion at the North has invested ajSetween taxation without any representation,und tax~ jstion without a representation adequate "to protection, Ihere was no difference. By neither woaid ino colonies,no longer exists. '. We but imitate the policy of. our fathers in dissolving a Union with non-slaveholding confederates; and seeking a confederation with slave-ought to be, totally dissolved.'"In pursuance 01 this Declaration of Independence,each of the thirteen Statos proceeded to exercise itsgreat political error with the sanctions of a,more erro- nebusreligious belief.We, therefore, the people of South. Carolina, by ourTS3« of the Sontbern States are not only taxed for the iflung prejudices and feelings, association^ omnipotent I i e n e h t of the Northern States, but after the taxes are•ollected three-fourths of them are expended at the in party influences. In spite of all disclaimers and pro-fessions, there can be but one end to the submission byJNforth. This cause, with others connected with the the South to the rule of a sectional Anti-Slavery Gov- -joperation of the General C^'vemjuent, has provincial- ernment at Washington; and that end,-directly orIn V/87, deputies were appointed by the States to re- tions touching the institution of African Slavery in the movements,at once telegraphed to Mr. Stanton, Chair- man of the Mibtary Committee, Houte of Representa-vise the Aiticlesol* Confederation, and.on 17th Septem- United States should and must now be definitively ad- tives, to make inquiry at the War Department on the 1 ber, 1787, thcfio deputies recommended for the adoption justed, and the agitating subject forever removed frommaps and • copies of tho same, and ab-stract* an<3 copies of th« name." charged uudsworn to at $4.9,272 89, allowed.... .32,848 90EdwardBoyle 125 00Appraiser—Michael Kelly ' 150 00 "itcut, 4tc."—Wildes P. Walker, rent of room from _July 15,1859, to Dec. 22, I860,ohargod 2,889 00aned the cities of the South. Their growth is paralyzed,'Apart from the grave character of the mission, it ie a formation/ and learned that the guns were aesigued-forstitution of the United. States. the new forts, which had not yet been mounted, or even The parties io whom this Constitution was submit- pleasing circumstance that Mississippi should select, as named; that the carriages were made at Watervliet,Edmund Jones &i Co. (items given) Livery—Chas. A. Kimball, charged and sworn to at$93, allowed 'Edwnrd VnnRanstTPho bases of the foreign commerce of the United States the faithlessness of their whole course from the com-toagrce or disagree; and when nine of them agreed, whom she has heretofore conferred the choicest honors N. Y., and these guns were made for those forts; that "Report, &.c.*'—Henry G. Brossouacre the agricultural production*) of the South.; .yet JBoothern cities do not carry it on. Our foreign trade 3» almost annihilated. In 1740 there were hve ship- yxxda ia South Carolina to build ships to carry on ourmencement of our union with, them—show that the people of the non-slaveholding North sxre not aad can- not be safe associates of the slaveholding South underthe compact wtis to take effect among those concur- ring, and the General Government, as the common agent, was then to be invested with their authority.in the gift of her people, and it is with bi#h satisfac- tion that 1 now make a public recognition 01 this cour-all the muskets.heretofore ordered have been shipped, and no further requisitions made; that no cannon have been shipped except to fill ordinary requisitions.Postiiij'.Kotices—G. W. Busteed P .C.Leeelection, there are various shades of Anti-Slavery hos- Britain, in wticfr she acknowledged the independencet Mr. A. L. Bleecker- ^iion.element of free government.. A majority is infallible" form of government becomes destructive of the ends for wiieh it was established, it is the right oi", the peo-ce.'iee throughout the United States. t • '•' . The guaranties of the Constitution will then nocolor of law,- to the enemies of the nation.Had Benedict Arnold succeeded eo lar in his treach- tures. TheywerenotrepresentedintheBritish Par- aTenowdivided betweenagricultureandiwanufactiuv pletoalter..03abolishit,aoidtoinstitutea-newgovern- The sShs,v«holdix»grstates-willnolongerbavethepower ery,"astohaveorderedthedelivery"ofWeatPoint-,itsis only transferred to their majority. The very object functions of au independent nation.of all constitution*, in free, popular governments, is to By this Constitution, certain duties were charged onrestrain the majority. Constitutions, therefore, ac- the several States, and the exercise of certain of their'through your kind offices to inform the people of this Wilkins of Chicago), at twenty, dollars a tun, for tak- rates Jind charges allowed in, tho Street Department,separate sovereignty; adopted for itself a Constitution-tax themeeives. Hence they refused' to pay the taxes holding States.3sid by the British Parliament. Experience has proved that slaveholding States can- ment, m all its departments—legislative, executive, and . Supreme Juti.ge-.df the world for the rectitude of our in- chased by the national treasure are not conveyed to theThe Southern States now stand in the «?ame relation not be safe in subjection to non-slaveholding States. judicial. For purposes of defense, they united t heir tentions, have solemnly declaredthat the Union hereto- loward the Northern S».ate«, «n the vital matter of Indeed, no people ever expect to preserve their rights arms and their counsels; and, in 177#, theyentered into fore existing between thi« State and the other States ofplunder and oppress where plunder and oppression can*3ple of Great Britain. They are io a mirority in- Con-grvtH* ThCir representation in Congress is useless to be practiced with impunity, scams to be the natural 'tenicil'-relatioiis to a common agehtj known as the Con- the world, as a free, sovereign; and independent State, protect them again«t unjust taxation, and they are order cf.things. The fairest) portions of the world have gress of the United States, expressly declaring, in the with lull power to levy war, conclude peace, contract taxed by the people o'f the i»orth for their benefit, ex- been turned into wildernesses, .and the most civilized lii>:.t art iele, " that each State retains its sovereignty,; alliances, establish commerce, and to do al! other actsSouth bave been taxed by duties on iaiports, not for policy one who has- openly declared that all the States Under this confederation the war of the Revolution ^revenue,butforanobjectinconsistentwithrevenue— oftheUnitedStatesmustbemadeFreeStatesorSlave wasearnedon,andonthe:JdofSeptember,1783,tho. *o promote, by prohibitions, Northern interests ia the States. Itis true that among those who aided in this contest ended, and a definite treaty was signed by Creat ^production* of their mines and manufactures.'and ou/sacred honor. DISUNIONCORRESPONDENCE..''4f'•"'';'our Government placed on,the safest and. sujcest found- In any week in two years, there appear* to be only a ,3M» ADDRWJS OPTHf. Pr.OPU: Of SOUTU CARO- The Constitution of tho United States wag an exper- with the sword, to coerce sub.miflRioii'to their rulei slaves, and. the State of Virgink had previously de ation. '".;•• Iic.' .'- r '.,..•.<>:•:,:. ;;;•...",.-. i & i *••'• :>•.••••••. slight advance in price; the general celling ratee beingus.Isxox>oniyJUUVOo.«iBjv...; ——-,forcingthem. It isnotinthe.powerofhuman erSouthernStates.Providencehascastourlottogether, paeeedlawstocarryintoeffectthesestipulationsoH Statesrenderedalllegislationforourprotectionnuga-faithofthepartiestotheconstitutionalcompactinen- claimanydesignerdesiretoleadthecouncilsoftheoth- TheGeneralGovei-nment,as:thecommon agent,language to exclude fabie inferencesjcoMtructioiifl, and by extending over us an identity of pursuits, interests, the States. For many years these laws were executed. I tory and inoperative by State; enactments, but on theperverMons,inanyconstitution;and'whenvastsec^ andinstitutions. SouthCarolinadesireshodestiny ButanincreasinghostilityonthepartoftheNorthern 6thofNovemberlasta.majorityofthepeopleofall A parsdlel in th« bJRiory oi* the woxkl. The great object tional .interests are to be" subserved,\involving the ap- separated from yours. To be one of ar great slavehola- States to the institution of Slavery has led to a dis- the Free States indorsed a platform of principles in di-<rf Uieir union was external oVfenee &oul theaggreeetona propriation of countless, millions of .money, it has not ihg confederacy, stretching its arms,over-a,territory regard of their obligations, and the laws of the General: rect conflict with the Constitution and the decisions of•«* more powerful nations; xKrir-c^mrptotc, from their been the usual experience of mankind that words on larger than any Bower in Europe possesses'—with pop-, Government have ceased to effect the objects of the the Supreme Court, and thus the will of tbo numerical>«wwpr<>gt^mp*w*r,« totyKme osdlUona of people, parchment can arrest power. The Constitution of the ulation four times greater than that of the whole Uni- Constitution. The States of Maine, New-HampBbire, \ majority—a majority trained from infancy to hate our United States, irrespective of the interposition of- the ted States when they achieved *their independence of Vermont, MafteachuBetts, Connecticut, Rhode island, \ people and their institutionfi-^ia to be substituted in*wi&* aeomxaerce and navigation which exploren every States, rested on the .assumption that power would the British Empire—with ••productions '.which make Few-Y ork, Pennsylvania, Illnioi3, Indiana, Ohio, I The Executive and Judicial Departments of the •a*, and of ogrictdtural productions which arc. necessary yield to faith—that integrity would be stronger than our existence more important to the world than that of Michigan, Wisconsin and Iowa have enacted btws j Government, and the Senate of the United. States, ** every civfljued people, command the friendship of the Interest-, and that thus the limitations of the Constitu- any other people inhabiting it—with common institu- which either nullify the acts of Congress, or render • have always held tnat property in slaves was recog--world. JBxnvunfortunate ry, our internal pence has not tion would be observed. The experiment has -been tions to defend, and common dangers to encounter—we useless any attempt to execute them. In many of' nized by the Constitution, and, therefore, under a com-fairly made. The Southern States, from the commence- grown with our external prosperity. 1);-coutent and ment of the Government, have etriven to keep it with-^omention have moved In tbeboaonx of the Confederacy in the orbit prescribed by the Constitution; The ex-JOT the last thirty•five jears. During this time South periment has failed. The whole Constitution, by theare to have the pleasure of again seeing on the mage, on Mr. Booth's retarn to ns, the fair debutante, JSjmlawWrecaJs- 8t#lHBPit is meet, anoT wise, and proper, and expe- dient, that they should consult and advise together for their common defense and general welfare. Thus;from 8 to 0 cents a potuad for. the net Weight of beef; Bmking offal. Of courae «ome first-claaa bnllocka «ell higher, even up to 12 cente for super extra, «oeh as somereported.ThemarketwascalleddullonTuesday, beoaweit wasChristmas—itmaybesaiditwasdulleronWednes- day,becauseitwasthedayafterChristmas,andsmall, as the number of catle for sale was, it took all the day to sell them.There will be but one market clay at Porty-jfonrthstreet next week— the bnsmess will be all done QD Wednesday.•,mMis? DiysMOBK.—We are gratified to learn that w econstructions of the Northern people, has been swal-Carolinabaafcwicyealted-herpeopletogetherinsolemn lowedupbyafewwordsinitspreamble.Intbeir inet,youhaveledthewaytoitsrenownaridgrandeur. day,passedalaw.fortherenditionoffugitiveslaves of^throwingitsbroadshieldoverallthecitizensofall cited so great an interest, and awoke such«etrvenik>u, to take into consideration.the aggressions reckless lust for power, they seem unable to compre- You have loved the Union, in whose service your in conformity with her Constitutional undertaking; the States, protecting each and all equally in the pos- -warm feehngs of enthusiasm. Knowing the bard - _ J nneonatitei^nal wrongat perpetrated by the'people but the current of anti-Slavery feebng.bas led her more | session and enjoyment of their rights of property, i tVBOPUS OF "niE ^.VVEBOJLD)CSO STATJC8 OJP mates, and; having difierent ^pursuits of industry and ns in the van of the great controversy between'the institutions. It matters not how carefully- the limita- Northern and Southern States. W e would1 have pre-„( ,,5PB» U3trTKJE> ftTATK.S. tions of such a government be laid down in the consti- ferred that other States should have assumed the posi-, J.»n©w*eevej»ty-4hree y«ars MXM-C tboxuiiod between tution—it 8 success must at least depend upon the good tion we now occ.upy. Independent ourselves, we dis- justice from the other States. . , I : -.;ri .-*•»XJaitedjjtateawasmadebytheConstitutionofthe ttoited ftatee. Duringthisporiodtheiradvancein •wealth,prosperity,andpower,hasbeenwithscarcelyposes the States north of the Ohio Uiveiri, *''";";'-;i ' " ' •| already affords guaranties winch are ample for our se- The same article of the Constitution stipulates also' curity; but they are found on parchment only. • Thofor the rendition by the several Statesof fugitives frompeople of tho Northern States have not kept faith with Not only have a majority of the. Non-Slayeholdingask your sympathy and confederation. While consti- .these States the fugitive is discharged from the servicetuting a portion of the United States, it has been your or labor claimed, and in none of them has the State party deny this proposition, and thus, by their con- Amie Dinsmore, whose appearance at the Winter statesmanship which has guided it in its mighty strides Government complied with the stipulation made in the | struction, the Constitution will he changed, this com-to power and expansion. In the field, as in the Cab- Constitution. The State of New-Jersey, at an early j mon Government will be revolutionized, and, instead Garden on Wednesday night of last week, ex-hend that- seeming paradox, that the more power is treat statesmen have labored, and your great soldiers recently to enact laws which render inoperative the | will he perverted into an engine for the destruction of struggle that awaits those who, reared in gen-:&e North on the.people of the South. These wronga given to the general Government the weaker it be-, aye fought and conquered—not for.theinaterial benefitstle culture and the graceful ac<»rnpiieha>ents ofcomes. 'Its''strength- consists in its generality and remedies provided by her own law and by the laws of: our domestic institutions, aha the subjugation: of ouri anhmitted to by the people'of the South, under the_ , _ and expectation that they would, be final. Bat limitations. To extend the scope of its power over ted chivalry. You have long lingered and hoped over Iit conferred, but with the faith of a generous and devo- Congress. In the State of NewT-York even the right of' ;people.. .-"':..' .... >.',-..-. .-4^--''"- private life, venture to climb the ragged steepsectional or local.interests, is to raise up against it.op- the shattered remains of a broken Constitution. J transit for a slave has been denied by her tribunals, 1 •••:.•• The question which.is how submittedbotb.to;Missis-that leads to the-temple of artistic fame, and tints -Jheee hopes and expectations have proved to be void. position and resistance. In all such matters the Gen- and the States of Ohio and Iowa have refused to sur-1 eippi and North Carolina is this: shall we sit quietly many difficulties and disappointments they wiH nave to3n#«ead of being incentives to forbearance our submis- eral Government must necessarily be a despotism, be- Compromise after compromise, formed by your con- render to justice fugitives charged with murder and down without a: murmur, and allow all ourconstitu-sionhasonlyinstigatedtonewformsofaggressions causeallsectionalorlocalinterestsmusteverberep- cessions,hasbeentrampledunderfoot,by"yourNorth- WithincitingservileinsurrectionintheStateofVir-j,tionalrightsofpropertytobetakenawaybyacon- encounteronthejourney,wealways-endeavor, newaytoitsperpetuity.••fc-government. "Where the interests of two people • Under such a Government there must, of course, bebygivingtofreepersonsdistinctpoliticalrights; by giving them the right to represent, and burdening them with direct taxes for three-lifths of their slaves; byTherevolutionox1776turnedupononegreatprinci- >W. telf-goveroment and self-taxation, the criterion offlict—andchronicstarvationkeepsdownthenatural increase of population—and a man is worked out inserve the limitation Of the Constitution was the only try in which capital and labor are in perpetual con- tions. The right of property in shaves was recognizedThe Rev. Mr. Lord closes the repetition of his conrsi* on Reprepesentative Women, this evening at ClintonJhoatic policy, which had occasioned the accumulation Government of the United States. AH confidence in high destinies. United together, and we must be the and to endanger the property of the citizens of other and heels, to the traitors who would destroy the annual Convention at Philadelphia on Thursday an<l 4fber pubhc debt, and which kept her in continual the North is lost in the South. The faithlessness of most independent, as we are the most important among States. I They have encouraged and assisted thousands Union! It JIUB already ordered 154 kecwy grins from -Uwnu The NorthAmerican coloniessawtheirinter* seats, political and eonnnercial, sacrificed by such a yolkry. Their interests required that they should not •^identified with the burdens and wars of the mother •owatry. They had been settled under charters which fpave them self-government, at least- so far as their jorooerty was concerned. They had ta,xe<l themselves, *od had never been, taxed by the Government of Great JBawain To make them a )>artof a consolidated cm-•jire, the Parliament of GreaflJritain determined to as-.juaae the power of legislating for the colonies in allhalf a century has opened a-gulf of separation between the nations of the world. United,together, and we re- of our slaves to leave their homes, and those who re- our Allegheny Arsenal to the far South—not to OE- Friday of this week. Delegates are expected to be iathemwhichnopromisesorengagementscanfill. quirenoother,instrumentto conquer peacethan our mainhavebeenincitedbyemissaries, books,and.pic- It cannot be believed that our ancestors would have beneficent productions. United together, andwe_inust tures, to servile insurrection.FENJ>thestars and stripes,forwhichourskillfulme- attendancefromthe eleven collegesinwhichituchap-chanics made them, hut to batter.it down under the ters arc located. The oration will be deUvered at Con- pirate flag of some Lone Star or Rattlesnake govern-'Congress for three-filths of our slaves. There is noth- self-government ensued, which resulted on the 4th of * idges of the expediency- of the legislation this ing in the proceedings of-the Convention which framed,£d*Will our people'eubmit to this ?Our citizens, of allgeneral welfare" requires. Thns the Government «t the Cnited SStateshasb«:come aconaolidat«:d'Gov^ni- joeut, and the people of the Sontherii States are coin- jelled to meet the very deHjwtism their fathers threw[ <*B in the Kevolation of 1776.The conKOhdation of the Government of Greats 3rhain over the colonies was attempted to be carried, ««t by the taxes. The British Parliament undertook Northern and Southern States since the Union wasthe Coustitulion to show that the Southern States wouldhave formed any other Union; and still less that they•would have formed a Union with more powerful non-they are, and of right ought to be, free and independ- ent States, and thai as free and inde]>endeut States they have full power to levy war conclude peace, con-rStates. '.;21 ten-inch Gohimbiads. 128 ponnder*. 21 eight-incb Columbiada, 6'4 pouuden.within that article establishing the Executive Depart-gates from South Carolina and Georgia, t h a t ' if LINA, DOHE IN CONVENTION', I>KC..24, 18(50. A geographical hue has been drawn across the Union, To Newport, near Galveston Island, Texa«: -they would agree to give Congress the power of regu- The State of South Carolina having determined to and all the States north of that line liave united-in the23 ten-inch Columbiuds, 120.pounders. 48 eight-inch Colun/biada, 64 pounders. 7 iron guns, 32 pounders.•UKH whatsoever. Oar ancestors reflieted the preten- lating commerce by a majority, that they would sup- resume her separate and equal place among nations, election of a man to therbigh office of President of theXWD. They refused to be a p a r t of the consolidated port the extension of the African slave-trade for twenty United States, whose opinions and purposes are hostile^Severnment of Great Britaiu. years. African Slavery, existed in all the States but deems it due to herself, to the remaining United States to Slavery, lie is to be intrusted with the administra-The Southern States now stand exactly in the same ©nc. The idea that they> would be made to pay that of North America, and to the nations of the .world, tion of the common Government, because he has de- side of which would throw tbvt lit/is oj balls. To take effort8 to-night to famish an agreeable entertainment to—in all, one hundred, and twenty-four guns, one broad- and we doubt not that they will be successful in their ^position toward the Korthern States that oar ancestors tribute to their Northern confederates which they had that she should declare the causes -which have led to clared that that " Government cannot endure per ma-• theee would strip us entirely of cannon, and leave us all who may wish to indulge in saltatory amusements-ment was instituted have been defeated, and the Gov-ernment itself has been made destructive of them byassented to any union whatever with the people of the he a gieat, free and prosperous people, whose renownNorth if the feelings and opinions now existing among must spread throughout the civilized world, and pass For seventy-five years this agitation has been stead- ment. The order came a few weeks ago to ship on cert Hall on Friday evening by Stewart L. Woodfordthem had existed when the Constitution was framed. down, we trust, to the remotest ages. W e ask you to ily increasing, until it has now secured to its aid the Wednesday, Dec. 26, the following guns:.:'.• .•of this city. His subject is "f*Garibaldi." The poem hy Wm. Ii. Woodin, also of New-York.WIDE-AWAKR BAI.L.—^The Seventh Ward Wide- A wake Battah'on give a ball at the City Assembly Rooms to-night. Tliis battalion was one of the largent' and most effective in the city during the past campaign,join us in forming a confederacy of Slaveholding power of the common Government. Observing the To Ship Island, near the Balize, mouth of the AXiepieeippi;There was then no tarifl—no negro fanaticism. It wasthe delegates from New-England who proposed in theConvention which framed the Constitution, tothe dele- DECI.ATtATION OT INT>}f,PENt)EKCE OF SOUTH CARO- ment the means of subverting the Constitution itself. Aironguns,32pounders.; iorms of the Constitution a sectional party has found ':• tand appointed pfiicers.for tho administration of govern- delegates in Convention assembled, appealing to thefar South; and they need not barricade Liberty and Penn streets to prevent it. Let them decide tytlat no cannon shall be shipped till Charleston Arsenal is in, the jji/ssessiov of the tfalcral Government and Fort Moultrie 1-ei/ifo'rced, and NONE WILL RE.. The Mayor, at the request of citizens of all parties, will probably call a meeting for Wednesday to con- sider what action is necessary. . .On applying for information to Major John Sym- ington (of Maryland), in command at Allegheny Arse- nal, he politely declined giving us any information—-" in the .present state of affairs he should not say any- thing about it"—in regard to the amount of cannon, arms,&c.,andrecentshipments.'OninquiringinWe copy from The. Raltii^k. State Journal the fol- Lawrenceville, we were informed that, for a weeK orlowing letter of Gov. Ellis, transmitting a communi- more Government wagons have been haubrig musketstility. But if African Slavery in the Southern States V>1the colonies in the follow big-terms:-' - cation from the Hon. Jacob Thompson, in his character to the city, one of the employees stating that ten thou-taxation, that our ancestors stood toward tho peo- and liberties unless they are in their own custody. Toactly as the people of Great Britain taxed our ances- and prosperous communities liave^ been impoverished freedor., and independence, and every power, jurisdic- and things which independent States may of right do.. •aors in tl«e British Parliament for their l>enelif. For and mir.ed by Anti-Slavery fanaticism. The people of tion, and right vclnch is not,, by this <'.ovifcde.rut.iou,' ex- And, lor the support of this declaration, with a firm ihe last forty years the taxes laid by the Congress of the North' have not left us in doubt as to their designs reliance on the protection of Divine Providence, we t h e United States have been laid with a view of sub- and policy. United as a section in the late Presidential pressly delegated to the United States in Congress as- mutually, pledge toeach other-our lives, our fortunes, «nrvrog the inieresio of the North. The people of the election, they have elected as the exponent of their sembled.a league know u as the Articles of Cohferatioh, wherebyNorth America is dissolved, and that the State of Souththey agreed to entrust the administration of their exCarolina has resumed her position amonjj the nations ofThere is another evil in the condition of the Southern "toward the Northern States, which our ancestors re- rSasedtobeartowardGreatBritain. Ourancestorsnot<«niy taxed themselves, but all the taxes collected from them "were expended among them. Had they snbinit- tedtothepretensionsofthe BritishGovernment,the *feaxes collected from them would have been expended •pother parts of the British Empire. They were fully mware ox the effect of such a policy in impoverishing the people from whom taxes are collected, and in •auiciiiug those who receive the benefit of their ex- penditure. To prevent the evils of such a policy was jwae of the motives which drove them on to revolution.. V4A this Britash policy has been fully realized toward carries men along without principle; but when there Colony became and" was recognized by the mother ple of North Carolina, bolieving, as 1 do, that it is a of this size.l b s Southern States by the Northern States. The peo- is principle, and that principle is fortified by long ex- J country as a free, sovereign, and independent State. settled conviction with them that all controverted ques- Gen. J. K. Morehead, M. C , on hearing of thesebe the evil their political combinations affirm it to be,the requisitions of an inexorable logic must lead themto emancipation. If it is right to preclude or abolish•AKTICLK 1.—His Britaamc Majeflty u'ckuowledges the said United States, viz: jSew-Uampshirn, Mtutmuiliuwitth Jtlay, Jthodo IfclaDdandl'rovideucol'lantations,Connecticut,New-York,.New- J«tBCy. Peniwylyanjtt, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Car- olina, South Carolina, and Georgia, to be freo sovereign, and in-of Commissioner of the State of Mississippi:From The State Journal, Extra. TothehonorabletheGeneralAssemblyof,theStateofNorthCarolina .-GENTLEMEN : Herewith I transmit a communicationfromtheHon.JacobThompson,adistinguishedcitizen of the State of Mississippi, now present in this, city as. a Commissioner from that State to the State of Northsand muskets were shipped within a week—no doubt to be placed where traitors can obtain possession of them without a gun being fired. From another source we learn that small arms, cavalry equipments, balls and phells, have been %uite recently shipped by river to the South.Slavery,in a Territory, why should it be allowed toremain in the States / The one is not at all more un- dependent Stutts; that he treats with thorn w such: and lor him-1,850 001,840 0s> 1,588 00 350 00self,his-heirsandsucoessorn,relinquishesallclaimstothegov- «mmont, propriety, and territorial nghU of tho same and evory pnrtth'crcot" :constitutionalthantheother,accordingtothedecisionsof the Supreme Court of the United States. And whenit is considered that the Northern States will soon havethe power to make that Court what they please, and ed by the Colonics, namely, the right of a State to gov- Carolina.' ..'•'The Government is even now " hurryingup" the completion of the enormous 12-inch gun' at the Fort Pitt Foundery,and hopes doubtless to have it South be- fore the 4th of March. .Tims was established the two great principles assert-that the Constitution never has been any barrier what-ever to their exercise of power, what check can therebe hi the unrestrained counsels of the North to eman- which it was instituted. And concurrent with the car subject of our national troubles, and will, I doubt not,, cannon at the Arsenal, the orders are to ship forty-four cipation 1 There is sympathy in association,-.which tablishmentof thcee principles was the fact that each meet with a cordial response upon the part of the peo-ern itgelf, and the right of a people toabolish a govern- ment when it becomes destructive of the ends forThere are about aibnndred 10-inch (128-pounder)JSo man can for a moment believe that our ancestors intended to establish over their posterity exactly the jsame tort of Government they had oveitbrown. The gprcat object of the Constitution of the United States, limits internal operation, was, doubtless, to secure the ^ r e a t end of the Kevolution—a bmited free Govem- xaent—a Government banted to those matters only which were general and common to all portions of the United States. AD sectional or local interests were to i>e left to the States. By no other arrangement would .•»hey obtain free government by a Constitution common M- t o so vast a Confederacy. Yet by gradual and steady-encroachnucntsonthe partof the*North, and eabmis- ' aton on the part of the South, the limitations in the Constitution have been swept away, and the Govern- •oaentofthe United States has become consolidated,Tmth a claim of limitless powers in its operations. itisnotatallsurprising,while*ochisthecharacter «<af the Government of the United States, that it should •assume to possess power over all the institutions of the isoontry. The agitations on the subject of Slavery incapacity,nowthinkspropertosecedefromthe Union. ofopinionuponthequestions growing outoftherec- wrongforthe?aReofconsistency,"thuiivirtuallyisumtuoningthe DecLaiation of Independence, and we hold further that people to repentance for the iflsueB of the late i'residential can-,<»_,-*1 rmaft-*the body politic ought simply to have a political organ- remove all doubt, an amendment was added, which aggravated by the recent election of a President upon from Major Symington, .not .varying from what he . Mr. Uagley is signed only by Messra. Clapp and lielly; ization, to bring out and enforce the will of a majority. declared that the powers not delegated to the UnitedThis theory may be hajyulesa in a small community, States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the principles of hostibty to the States of the South, and to gave Gen. Moorhead, published above. W e also Mr. Bleeckcr's name is not appended to it.cording to their theory, must be most unrighteous in-ventions, restricting liberty.. None ought to exist, but continued existence as sovereign States. But, to Northern and Southern sections of the United States—• Since the above was in type we received informationm to promote the general welfare ofthe United States,". She did not part with'her sovereignty in adopting the tho mode of its formation subjects it to a third funda- ognition by the Constitution of the right of property vase, therefore ••'•'••ttfjanymeanstheydeemexpedient,whyshonldthey 3BOtassailandoverthrowthe institutionof Slavery in t h e South 1 They are responsible, for its continuancej"«Brexistence,inproportiontotbeirpower. A majority ":ao Congress, according to their interested and pervei-ted " views, is omnipotent. The inducements to act uponthe subject of Slavery, under such circumstance, were «o iaaperious as to amount almost to a moral necessity. 2Po s a k e , however, their numerical power available toConstitution..ThebustthingaStatecanbepresumed mentalprinciple—1-namely,thelawofcompact. We inslaves,solongandangrilydiscussed,has,at.last Resolved,ThatthePresidentoftheUnitedStatesisintreason- toliavesurrendered is her sovereignty. Her sover- maintainthatineverycompactbetweentwo or more .culminated,hitheadoptionbyamajorityoftheNorth- ableconspiracywithrebelstooverthrowtheGovefuoieut.The communication discloses, in firm yet dispassion- ate language, the sentiments of Mississippi upon theCITY ITEMS.BTXU/S JIEA».--TB'O report of tho eattfo fliarkee n^mm^^mmdiif^aS. kiunr>eirsaX^onn-; J f t o w e i r ^ e r a n a r i o m ^deuce- will be fehvthatourrights' will be secure, and; 1,725 head of boeVea Tode'ihian la«t wealc, and \tm ifcaaWf§j$mpt%and sworn to at $3,(tf0, allowed. 493 6a of the States the articles of union known as the Con- the minds of men. "•'•/'•"'.. :. subject. He then applied to Major Symington for in- Stationery—Wm. H. Arthur (no Items jiiven).....:.... 588 IS16 00100<» 5,375 00 60 00168 CO 1,443 13.$54,633 06If only nine ofthe thirteen States had concurred, theother four would have remained as they then were—separate, sovereign States, independent of any of theprovisions of the Constitution. In fact, two of the been duly appointed a Commissioner from the State of may witness their removal.States did not accede to tho Constitution untillong Mississippi to the State of North Carolina. I havo A contract was made on Monday with the steamer Ilascall, has made an extra oath before Mr. Wildes P - after it had gone into operation among the other been instructed by the Governor of Mississippi to Silver Wave (owned by Cant. J. S. M'Millen of thisj and omnipotent. '• The right divine to rule in king?," eleven, and during that interval they exorcised the report myself, in person, to your •Excellency, and city, S. S. M'Millen of Beaver County, and David Walker that the bill "ismade up aocordbigto the~whiie they are the mew suburbs of Northern cities. indirectly, must-' be the emancipation of" theslaves'of the South. The "hypocrisy of thirty years— ted were the several sovereign States. They were her messenger to us a native of--North Carolina, upontesy.J O H N W . ELLIS;Ariangementswere making on Monday to haul some of these guns to the river. We suppose some one will tap the liie-bells on the route on their making their ap- pearance on Penn or Liberty street, that our peopleAdvertising in Newspapers—A dozen, or so... Total.Commonwealth " that the Legislature- of Mississippihas passed an act calling a Convention of the people ofing 422 J tuns of cannon for New Orleans, designed for Galveston—and 271 tuns for Balize remain to be con-and established by ordinances of the Corporation, so far as they are appbcable to said bill."It is also noteworthy that the allowance of $32,8481«powers restrained, which necessarily implied their the State to consider the threatening relations of the tracted for. ' .having an identity of interests and pursuits, but over a Slates, aideserved to the States respectively, or to express the earnest hope of Mississippi that North learned from several that an extra guard was mounted vast State—still move, over a vast Confederacy, having I Carolina will cooperate with her in the adoption of at the arsenal on Monday night.A jewel of a bill is that sent in by Mr. Kimball foe livery. The items are given ^ts follows:the people. On-23d"May, 1788, South Carolina, by ;i efficient measures for toe common defense and safety of various and conflicting interests and pursuits-rit is a ' convention of her people, passed an.ordinance assent- he South." .remorseless despotism. In resisting it, as applicable to ing to this Constitution, and afterward altered her own ourselves, we are vindicating the great cause of free Constitution, to conform hereeb to the obbgations shegovernment,more importantt perhaps, to the world had undertaken.than the existence of the United States.. Nor in re- Thus was established,, by compact between thesisting it, do we intend to depart from the safe instru- States, a Government, with defined objects'and pow- adopted Stale to ask for the counsel and cooperation of Congregational Church of Georgetown, Mass., was mentalitythe system of governmentwe have estab- ersjlimitedtothe express wordsof thegrant,andto mynativeState. Commondangersthreatenthepeace, adoptedDec.24,1860:lished with them requires. In sermratang from them so much more only as was necessary to exemte the .honor, and safety of both; and it is certain that an un-resistingsubmissiontotheaggressiveandhostilepobcy of the Northern States will inevitably involve both in a common humiliation and ruin; Tho crisis demandsw*»invadeno rights-ruo interestoftheirs. We violateno obligation of duty to them. As separate, independ-ent States in Convention, we made the Constitutionof the. United States with them; and as separate, sarv any specification of received rights. independentStates,eachStateactingforitself,wo -.WeholdthattheGovernmentthusestablishedispower granted. This bmitation left the whole re- maining mass of power subject to the clause reserving it to the Slates or to the people, and rendered unnecee-Total.... ..............$»eyestotheissueforceduponthem,andtocrypence, ourfaultstoGod,and"imploreHimtoremovefromourhoartn *fce Government. Besponsibility follows power; and adopted it. South Carolina, ucting in her sovereign subject to the two great principles asserted in the peace, peace, when there is no peace. The antagonism that falne pride of opinion, which would impel UHto pei severe inIt affords me great pleasure to accept this appoint- ment,andtoobey,these instructions;yet 1 mont siu cerely 'regret the public necessity which impels niy..$90 13 16 13eignty is her life; Nothing but a clear, express grant parties the obligation is mutual—that -the failure of ern people ofthe doctrine of the ''irrepressible con- Resolved, lhat au amendment to the Constitution, for the brought with him—like the apices from th<v bi-ookavowea purpose of propitiating armed- rebellion, is a thing un-canalienateit; Inferenceshouldhedumb. Yet it is oneof inocontractingparties to perform a material llict." TheleadingideaofthiscreedisthattheUnion heardofintii«annals.oftime,absurdandimpossible.' ofEschol—Btunningsamples offruit frvm theooantrynot at all surprifcing that those who have construed part of the agreement entirely releases'the obligations of these States cannot endure, half of them slave- Retolred, That the only amendment which the u«e demands is he went to explore. Some apples and pears whicb haaway all the limitations ofthe Constitution should also of tho other,and thatj where., no arbiter is provided, •holdingv and the other half non-slaveholding. This an oixpreisM repudiation of the elave-construetion of the renditionshowed us yesterday exceeded in size anything pomo-by construction claim the annihilation of the sovereign-t'acb party is remitted to his own judgment to deter-conflict is to bo inaugurated under the forms of the and reprenentatiou clause* ofthe Constitution.Reudttd, That the presentdistresfcIsa judgmentof Hod.notty of the States. Having abobsbed all barriers to mine the fact of failure with all its consequences.their omnipotence by their faithless constructions in theoperations of the General Government, it is most na- lu the present case that fact is'established with cer-Constitution on the 4th of March next; apid, if ad- only upon our otheT shin, but also, and especially, upon the sin of logical that is raised in this section of country. Lookinglent advocates, that'* Freedom is triumphant," and sins hy repentance, and daily seek forgiveness for the same,•sr. I t would not be united on any matter common to tural that they should endeavor to do. the same toward tainty. "We assert that fifteen of the States have de- •'•* that Shivery is overthrown," are self-evident prop- Mesvlvtd, That viewed In connection with the charges and im- tempted to ask how far tho endurance of apple andjrale the union, the North must consolidate their pow-usintheStates. Thetruth is, they.having violated liberatelyrefusedfor;yearspasttofubill theirConsti- tffce whole Union-—in other words, on any constitution- the express provisions ef the Constitution, it is at an tutional obligations, and we refer to their own statutesa J subject—for on sucb subjects divisions are as likely end as a compact. It ia morally obligatory only ou for the proof. . t o e x i i t i n t h e N o r t h a s i n t h e B o o t h . S k w c r y w a sositions. plicationscontainedinhislateMessage,thePresident'sproclam- pear skins con go ni U>at country. More like the ation for a fast, although verbally pion«,hi en act of hypocrisyIt is admitted that each State must decide for herself and spiritual usurpation, in the highest degree insulting and Cucurbita than the Mains or J*yru$ famiUea b* site, b o t h t h e m o d e a n d m e a s u r e o f r e d r e s s f o r p r e s e n t a n d d e t e s t i h l e , b e i n g n o t h i n g s h o r t e f » v i r t u a l b u l l Q* e i o o m m u u i - w e s h o u l d n o t b e s u r p r i s e d i f t h e r e s e m b l a n c e e x t e n d i* " r Afcetkaal interest. If thiseouHbejoade the those who choose to accept its perverted terms. South The Constitution of the United States, in its 4th ar- prospective evils and grievances. One destiny, how- cation sgnins*political adve-rsarUs; and that, u»d«r the oircum-iof parties at the North, the North could be iits power, and thus carry outitsmcasuiat cfrequest. . 'Agdfftty fefth fedj^iolably linked,theirXortgfttfilefrtbeft 1 Ahww• * . * ' . , , , iwauwM»vacmr*^."liittk'diwee^cit/kmg drawnwt;" A« nft ^Carolina, deeming the compact not only violated in ticle, provides as follows: •"N*>pers«n b«M to serrieo OTlabor ia o»>e Stfete, nndex the 1fty?» \UiwofjMflftptof |nt9wy\Wy, thaU,tofvuot^v>^ 9t myever, awaits all the slaveholding Statoa of this Union, 1 •taaees, we must wflollj 4eehu« «• oomply with tho PrewideatV to quality as well; for although we have* heard ofIprecipitat«,will be checked, tho! .laggard;mon flag, was entitled to protection. The dominantultimate extinction. kets have been sent to Southern points, where rebelsThis sectional combination for the subversion of the have already seized them by the thousand. Shall Penn- The hearing of the taxation of costs of the Central ParkConstitution has been aided in some of the States by elevating to citizenship persons who, by the supreme law of the land, are iucapable of becoming citizens, andsylvania \><adisarmed, and Charleston allowed with impunity to seize on Federal arms with which to over- throw the Union iExtension came on yesterday morning at 10 o'clock,before the Deputy County Clerk, David A. Fowler, in July, 1776, in a Declaration by the Colonies '•' that their votes have been used to inaugurate a new policy parties, as a unit, denounce the movement as treason, hie little scven-by-nine room in the County Clerk'ghostile to the • South, and destructive of its peace and safety.' . . . . . "On the 4th of' March next this party, will take pos-acts and things which independent States may of right South shall be excluded from the common territory; we owe a duty to the nation, to the State of Pennsyl-s'laveholdingStates,havingamajorityinbothbranchesof the Legislature of the Government. They were tract alliances, establish commerce, and to do all other eeesion of the Government. It has-announced that the destroy the Union, while for two months yet in power,Office. ' It was crowded by ten or twelve persons.Mr. II. G. Bronson presented the bill of the Com- voked. Ifitisnotdone—when treason-endeavorsto missioners,Bleecker,Clapp,and Kelly, for taxation- Mr. Richard Bustced and Mr. Charles A. May ap-and promment Democrats, leading. Breckbiridge men, have telegraphed to Washington to have the order re-• « •A MASSACHUSETTS CHURCHON MR. BUCHANAN'S FAST.1S59—Sept. 2fl, two barouchesto view tlie gronndnSept. 24, two ourriageato view ihe grouudaOct. 6, two carriages to view Uieground*Oct 15,twocarriagestoviewthegrounds....Nov. 4,twocarriagestoviewthegrounds........... 16i860—April 19, two carnages to view the grounds......... 12' Thefollowingpreambleandresolutionsof thoSouthWhereas, The recent Metwagn of the President of the United States,recognizingthe,«xi«tei>c«ofopenrebellionattheSouth, ndvisOH to amend the Constitution»o that the reb«Wanty imb'mit;' and Whereas, htuiuglaid the Maine of this rebellion upon " the violent a&Untion of the Slavery question at the North," theJune 10, two caniaget to view the grounds July20,onecarriagetoviewthegrounds. J<Uy 24, one carriage to view the grounds1» ' 6 8Tins was properly sworn to, and on the ground taken action. It is unbecoming a free people to close then- President now proclaims a national fant, that w« .may. eonf.-sH by Mr. Busteed, Hhould be taxed at $93, and not at £!*»,hered to and carried out, the assertions of its most vio- Haycry; and that this people should immediately break otf their at theni as they lie in huge bulk on the table, w e areUntitled Document:•^Zl^;^£i^^^& :^iy^M^kHMA ^!i. lCF.STIUL P ARK EXTE.VSION—TAXATION or COSTS.—the same motion on be; Mr. Fowler reserved hisThe bills are in abstract:I860, clwrg«d and sworn to st $2,760, al-lowedA. Lisy«nard Bleecker, charged and sworn toat *2,300, allowedW. H. Unaimer, 397 days, at $4 Warren Brady..........Surveyors—John A. Bagley, " To surveys, rule map*, profiles, topographical maps, damage maps and copios of the same, lmnertti '&--U.^,i^^M^m^mm^&,*M*&S,www.fultonhistory.com'Wl& ,:MlMl&Sk!^MMmfo&^&LThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 ^jm?> v ^- .. •-'