 rMWMHM• I llll• iIM ••iHERALD derives no benefit whatever from theexisting law. In the city and county of New Solferino" like a thousand of brick for aiding charged from custody.York the HERALD is not circulated by mails- and abetting in this conspiracy to "take the This decision is worthy of a notice, coming u It dossiof New Britain, (of the arm mi Bishop h Pierpont. flah aad the Speaker road the first to tarrogatory. Ha, ra-II6TOft^YWAJJLAt*ESI N N MA*.The 8 trl he of the flatlets Cobbler*—Sena- tor Wilton's Theories in their Home Ap- pllratloa.TUB COMING ELECTIONS IS NEW HAUPSHIKE Robinson sad oaa at two other imitirf saU-fws rate AND CONNECTICUT.—The elections about to take I men, Into the ctoak rooaa, caUin« ato) the Speaker, as*UOliI f is but a few days since Senator Wilson, The fact that the Italians have been eagerlyplace in New Hampshireand Connecticut are Ithen propoeed to adjourn if the other aid* would s a w toYORK HERALD.•• •••«..».— «Johns,*. F. II was at once occupy thetoeed as invalid.«wsnWTfil i t 8#creUry of ft» ciiam ULX* BnrtoUIyissaiitiBgaffieabar.MENSE EXCITEMENT M UKHOUSE.iHBflsBsnSSof the penny newspapers were bribed to backit up, and we presume that some members of souri, who afforded • pretext to the revolu-the Corporation at the time came ia for a share of the spoils.&%MJ l l l l HOSSI rAOTBB. _________ , BASjnnrs AMEBICA* MUSEUM.Greeks: "Go heme, sir—the Greeks are at your door."New England is convulsed with the uprisingof its laboring classes against their employers.»HlUA.ETBLO'S SALOON. 3i ra fasua, Daacss BGlobe, then used the followingI hope that amendment will not prevail. That won!JETETH STEEET. one door east of40—DovaiA Baoi>-0 aroedway.-Seionos'swar of labor against capital. The shoemakers of Lynn, Natick, Beverly, Marblehead. Haver- hill and other neighboring towns have deter- mined to make their wrongs manifest; and in sodoing, tbjsjarguments, the rhetoric, and almost the very words which Senator Wilson used so profus-ely inhis attack on Southern slavery, are paraded by the orators of the strikiug shoe- makers. The claims of "free labor" are ad- vanced in first rank. Bunker Hill and Lexing-just achieve one of the most objectionable features of thisprivilege of the free transmission of matter through themails, which is to centralise power in the great cities, andto give an immense circulation to such papers as theHKR.UI and the Tribune, which I think do not do much toimprove the morals or the potiUcs of the country. The wooden nutmegs and steady habits" from pat- effect of it would be to destroy all the local papers, and toBroadway. -After-H»ll, 171 Broad- Bone*. DASCSS, Ac.—Wa COMB rao*MIW8TRSIS,beaches now in use, and replacing the^chairsor four dollars for fifteen hours daily laborage3 of the Church it was an instrument ofgress we reiterated the same views in comment-way.—t o nAfterTKIPLE SHEET. Blew York. Saturday, Wtihrmmry 18, I860.TMe M e w s .The new* from Washington is intert»<rtia_r. Thegive increased power t»the papers in the great metropo- lig of the Union, and I presume that ia the object of the Senator from New York in making the motion, and per- haps toe object of the Senator from Pennsylvania In ac-cepting it.Never before, perhaps, was such a piece ofself-stultification uttered by any Senator since Congress had an existence. The HERAI-D has always contended for the abolition of the free transmission of newspapers through the Post Office, whether as exchanges between editors or as circulating within the county in whichticipation in the revolutionary designs of the abolition party. The result will show the ex- tent and sincerity of the sentiments proclaimed at the Union meetings held there, or, on the other hand, show what amount of sympathy there is for John Brown.If these elections should turn out adverse to the Union and the constitution, there will be but too much reason to ap- prehend that New Hampshire and Connec- ticut would vote the same way in the Presi- dential struggle; and the effect would be mostNEW YORK had been anticipated by the Prince Albert at StHKBALP,t U T C W y ,18, lSQfc-TKIPLE that e lew cofttrftot ona beNow, we trust that the.Commoa Council will not make any new contract to enlarge the Bat- tery. The whole affair, from the beginning, wasSH&ET,watt educated, highly poshed andBat tktt# i i A sftisfsaM of ts-tp•ftflj^' poH* ***•* •^^'••F a_B) ^ VBflaaV W ^^sMaaVal^^ftV^ ^ "* ••••« **•»»*.#•••••••• ••#•• •• Mm. ** wasactiveandflrsaor,withsalsaofnewmassonthe edagainsthim,itwillbedispelled bjhis spot at $38 37 a $18 50, and of prima at better prices. finding the general sentiment ranged upon hisOF THE AFFRAYAMUSXMXET THIS mirura.-feau-ji OrsnA boxes, at ratss grrea ia another place. Ooflto was quite tion knows no limits—in which men enjoy theOf Bg TILLSBroad W»7-BO-UJ«CBr a i i r s i , sw Broedway.-JBaBisArm, tot mtos wore limited. Acargo of Bio was reported fullest measure of political liberty, sad in sold,butwecouldnottraceit Theteasaledrewagoodcompany,sadallthegreensoffered,thoughnotofthebest which,consequently, thebroadest and justest quality, were sold at full prices. A large portion of the views are taken of the questions that agitato Mocha were withdrawn tor higher rates. Freight* were other communities not so fortunately situated, steady,withatoramountof_____•_______*-chiffonniers, whether they cross our path in theTHBATEB,H I BOWMT THSATB_t, Itrt or W - W - W M tansi LlMD., - J i O I SHBrT-BD—that feeling, and that we have held back from appeal against the institution of domestic offering it until the proper moment for doingBEOADW AT BOr/DOIB, *M SiraadwaT.-aoon FOE Eva -ISM Awura A» TursasMOJSSTTslavery in the South; and to-day the cobblersto. CaaistT'a Mia- It is the old misunderstood and misdirectedEnglandSenate was not in aeasian yesterday. In the House ton are appealed to, the Revolutionary senti-a bill was introduced to ilicorporate the United StatesAgricultural Society. It was referred to the Com-Eoittee on the District of Columbia. A long wrangle cial evils, and men who claim to be theand desks. The Committee on the Inaugu- during six days in a week. This breaking out ration of the Washington Statue reportedcivilization, as well as of conservatism. It con- ing on the report of the Postmaster General; of any practical value to the South. The only Mr. Milliken said he would call Mr. J. Badgers a perfect stranger to Mr. Alien, to whom he (Allen) had made th< trolled the instincts of brute force, and held the and now Senators have adopted Jthem The two Eastern States in which there is the shadow it marie, when lu Allen aJmitud that he might havt fr«-masses subject to its superior intelligence. Senator from Alabama has also borrowed our of a chance for the triumph of patriotism over qvec'lv repeated it, and would again repeat it, aad that ft was true Mr. MUliken then called him a base slandererHow different is its position now! Whilst the ideas, though, unfortunately, he does not under- sectional fanaticism are New Hampshire and and a contemptible soounarel, whereupon Mr. Allen it; u-kworld has advanced in intellectual develope- stand the effect of them. He has manifestly "got Connecticut. They have gone wrong in the him with his fist on his right eye Mr Milliken was reaching over to get something to defend himself wasniont. it has remained stationary, and it brings hold of the wrong end of the story." No one last elections, but they may redeem their error when Mr. Stilson sprang to bis feet aad separated them.Several persots immediately gather* i around, and the moot will suppose that we are so stupid as to advo- in the approaching conflict. The triumph of intense excitement followed lor a few mlnutea. TaeaVrcate the abolition of a law "which gives an im- conservatism even in one of these States—Con- geant at Arms promptly arrested Mr. Allen, as It was his duty to do as the chief police olticer of the House.m a rHisad the influence it b Hkel/ tofar the most important that hM becrn M i here mcoMectionwitotatoC«itoorisaJiB*lakei1r.in the South who have nothing to let**, but who live by agitation and political rascali- ty, just in the same way as do the demagogues in Congress from the North. These men do not owa any niggers, but are owned by the niggers,LetemHateweretolas steady,and Omiytotd*~ tT Y I i if piaatiosi fluiux la siutliii MMsan fan It has been rightly deemed that a declaration a corrupt and mischievous job—an expensive and they have done and are now doing u muchreeatote la the pone bare aew reacted 3400.00S of sympathy emanating from this country at aearty threetoorths of the estimated crop am the present moment may have some effect inat too per bale, smonato m.Talue Is lltotoV*» confirming the disposition of the French ftnpe- (V this amount, 1^72,000 bslss ha ror to complete the work of Italian liberationof the value of EM.flOO.COO—toevtof a stock ta toad orl,0to,8O» tolas. BasmEiamealslrlpUNStatlatawafall by emancipating the subjects of the Pope from former years regarding * * arttelo. Wear waatn toter their ecclesiastical chains. If there be any lin- request, with rather more dotof, clsslaf w*h a inner gering hesitation on his pert to enter upon a feeling. Wheat was.flrmr/ bald, tte ehlsf saw earn- contest in which religious fanaticism, and pro-on private terms. Cora was quiet, bably the dagger of the assassin, will be enlist- at rates [given easswhera. Parkjob, and a nuisance besides, for it did serious to destroy the interests and overthrow the in-Sugars were Arm, wKh salea of 600 a 700 bhds. aadeOO side. In a country in which religious tolera-popularly known as "the Natick Cobbler," de- livered on the floor of the Senate hia rhetoricallooking forward to some formal expression ofmacnanimooa enough to allow him to make the saora as of more than ordinary importance. One of aa mhave thebenentofthemOTetoprorate ftoffsssht them will come off in March and the other in that this course, adopted te saajsas, which they were aaApril, and their significance is derived from nervous aboct on account of the exposure Is the H — M thad arrived, will give increased value to THEATER rEAECAIS, Me Brosdway.-l-i SOMA* B'«W of John Randolph to the solicitor of aid for the the steps that may now be decided upon. Intheir bearing on the greet issue which hi now before the country, end which is to be decided by the Presidential election next fall. The preparations for that contest, now going for- ward, and the marshalling of the forces, North and South, East and West, will impart unusualwaa working against them—hence a new coarse mwt at adopted. Tads aew or eleventh Sour caucus was at pub lie that it ajsswsd ae extra aagaoEr to get hold of thaar moveinenta. and the above a n the facta in the casethia morning we have had aa attempt to iatroduo* the argument ao long-prevalent ia the Ooofretaioaal Hall ai Washington—an argument of muscle ia favor of pro rata. Thua it seems that wherever republicanism becomes ram- pant, Sharp*'a riflta, pike*, pfctols aad muscle are brought into requisition. The drcumstancea of this dis- graceful pro rata scene this mornmg are as fol- lows:—Mr. Milliken In bU (speech agaost the Pro Bate bill last evening, accuaed the Clinton League of bates the tnoet gigantic lobby concern that had ever under taken to influence iegiauUiun, and eepeemtty assaast Hugh Allen, the secretary, who has been here the entire *i. icr button-holing members and doing all that he oouM to influeace votes. Tnto, ft seems, Mr. Allen took excen tii.es to, and came upon the floor of the House before tee commencement of the morning snasion, aad found teat Mr. Milliken was in his seat He asked Mr. Van Horn of Niagara, to introduce him, who, 1 understand, refused He then went and sat down two seats from Mr. MiUikea, with Mr. Stilson. of Orleans, sitting between thorn.After sitting there a few moments, Mr. Stilsoa, at tin reqoett of Mr. Allen, propoeed to Mr. Milhken to iasroattob him. Mr. Milliken objected, stating that he had BO desirs to become acquainted" with a common slanderer. Mr. Al- len replied that be deeired to explain. Mr. M. stated that he (Allen) had Informed a friend of his (M. a) thai 1M (Milliken; was the party to whom tbe writing of the letter referred to by the Speaker was imputed, snd remarked that any man who would repeat such a false charge was ascronndiel, unlets he had positive proof of Its truth, aad he did not desire any communication with Allen until tseimputation was withdrawn..Mr, Au>h then replied that he bad never repeated it tebut three person*, and lertr in the lobby to a stranger.of Natick reply to him in the celebrated wordsSOour opinion, whatever demonstration is under- taken should neither be a small nor a partial one. It should be something in which our peo- ple generally should have an opportunity of participating. The meeting of last night willlerve as the inception of the movementit is completed by a dozen or more similar gatherings in Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, New Orleans and others of our large cities, a delegation should be appointed to proceed to Paris with an address to the French Emperor, expressive of their approbation of his policy in regard to Italy, but more especially of that part of it which contemplates the relief of the Pope from the cares of temporal authority.There will be nothing in our politi- cal relations inconsistent with a pro- ceeding of this kind. The contest in Italyments of our fathers are applied to existing so-descendants of those who flung the tea into is no longer one between material interests,then ensued respecting the introduction of chairsand desks upon the floor of the House by certainmembers, in violation of a rale adopted at tho lastsea-ton ordering the removal of su:h furniture. niversary of the birth of Washington as the day incompatible with the interests of society. The tion of this privilege for years, and before any Finally, a select committee was appointed toon which they will strike for higher wages, consider the expediency of removing the from employers who now pay them only threePopedom, as an institution of a semi political Senator or representative ever thought of it. disastrous upon the country, for it would thusBoston harbor, to escape a tax of three pence in the pound, have selected the day of the an-but between intellectual progress and an obsti-nate adherence to rights which have become they are published. We advocated the aboli-of the hideous sotes of society in New England, the cradle and hotbed of tjpe anti-slavery fana- ticism that at this very moment threatens to in- volve the entire Union in revolution and ruin, comes as a providential and practical commentupon the teachings of the social and political fanatics who are organizing under the black banners of abolitionized republicanism.Without entering upon an inquiry/ as to the rights and wrongs of the wages question, be- tween the laborers and the employers of Massa- chusetts and New Hampshire, we may trace these social evils to their true source. This lies not in the fact that a man receives five or ten cents, more or less, for making a doubleciples must also be applied to social the modest attributes by which the Pontificate In the State Senate yesterday bills were intro- was surrounded previous to the time of Pepinduced for another raulroad in New York, and to rights. In amenability to the Deity, and toa joint resolution, appropriating $10,000 for defraying the expenses of the ceremony. The Senate's appropriation amounts to 13,000 only. The insnguration is to take place on the 22d inst On motion of tfr. Sherman, the election of Printer to the House was sgaia postponed until Monday next The Senate's resolution permitting Commo-dore Shubiick to receive a complimentary sword from Gen. Urqulza, President of the Argentine Confederation, was concurred in. The Senate's bill providing for the abolition of the franking privilege was taken up, discussed, and finally re- ferred to a select committee of five. The Housethen adjourned tfll Monday.its policy of the Middle Ages to bear on the necessities and requirements of the nineteenthcentury. What wonder is it. therefore, that eventhe Catholic world itself should have become disgusted with its determined adherence to old Cnion. traditions, and vote it an intolerable drag uponThe Committee of Congress are making exten.aire preparations for the inauguration of Mills'equestrian statue of Washington, which takes place soled and heeled welt, but in the persistent on the 12d inat. A large force of volunteer mili-tary are to be invited to take part in the ceremony. land of the fallacy that political prin- among them the Seventh regiment of this city.the social and political progress of the age?It is surprising that men so astute in other matters as the Catholic hierarchy should shut their eyes to these facts. If the Pope and his Cardinals were not utterly bereft of their senses, they would see that the time has come' when they most be content to fall back uponpower" to the HERALD.sufficient to elect a President true to the con- miller thestitution, if every other Northern 8tato should operation •tennisSiiiTJP«5 WSO^T troducedinculcation by the philosophers of New Eng-Now, what was proposed by the amendmentwas to let the law stand as it was before, as far therefore, in Connecticut and New Hampshire Mr. WUhama had a precedent for the course thethe laws established for the government and Charlemagne. Pius the Ninth would offeramend the General Railroad law. The Canal bill(including the Chenango extension) came up onits third reading, and was lost, 11 to 14. Messrs.Piero, Mannierre and Grant were appointed the service be renders to society. The lame, the around him, and fall with dignity, like Caesar, power to the papers published in the great me- select 'committee to examine the alairs of theSecretary of the Clinton League, that Mr. Milliken waa the per#oo charged by the Speaker with askingburthened with useless "exchanges,'' and withup from the depths of obscurity, and placed inconversation repeated the offensive remark. society; and so protean is the character of theMr. Milliken immediately denounced him asa scoundrel, when Mr. Allen assaulted him, the point and grade where its applicationfrom a repuolican Speaker and a leading mem-in regard to Allen, in custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, for an assault upon a member. The resolutionthe same, and. in fact, become the slaves ofthat corruption-is glaringly apparent there, forno consequence what time their papers reach peared in the columns of his little contempo-cialist. But the great mass of these fallacious recommending that Allen be brought before the teachers avoid the universal application ofof the readers in this county, delivered free ofpointed. Subsequently the committee reported,sum of $100,000 had been written for to Walltween Mexico and the United States, of which he published a copy two or three days ago, and the bogus treaties between England and Nicaragua, and between this country and Paraguay, of which he published copies some time ago. The treaties were patched up by the lobby,, of which he was at that time tbe organ, and the news about Seward comes from the same veracious and authentic quarter—the source whence he still derives his political in-spiration and his exclusive intelligence. The star of Seward is still in the ascendant.men of Ameilca—emanating from Mrs. ErnestineL. Bo— repaired, ana the meeting separated withvociferous cheers for Italian liberty and for Gari- land is the same with the black republican cru- baldi.The examiaatioa hi too Norwalk Bank case was cootmaed yesterday before Commissioner White. We gtr* a report of the testimony, which related mamly to the question of identity of handwriting, • £•***•*"part of to-day'a paper.sade against slavery, and the results must be the same that flow from similar teachings in Europe, and particularly France), where these fal- lacies have the most active hold on the minds of so htfge a portion of the community. The objec tat the proper time; but it is nothing more than putting the debris of a broken down faction into the market—an effort to gather up old materials for a new party, out of which some profit may be made when things approach a crisis. In the issue now before the country, however, there are but two live parties—the abolition republicans, who are plotting dis- union and revolution, and the democrats, who are the more conservative of the two; but there can be no division of these parties ex- cept to their own detriment The vital ques- tion of the times mustf be fairly decided between these, upon the broad issue of Union and pros- perity, or revolution and ruin.EI.OIIJKKT JUT New Bstrunr, CONN.—Mr. J. K. Pterpoat,count of words spoken by the said Milliken in the Assets Wy ia debate? If Mr. Hugh Allen admit the assAoa aad beating, and teat they were for tha cause afcrssalf, then the Bouse thail consider the said Allen guftty ot a breach of privilege, and shall proceed to judgment there- on; but if the said Hugh Alien deny the assault aad hast- ing, or that the same were done for the otrefuse,orevadeansweringthesaidthen the said MiUiken shall be examined as a touching said charges: after which the said Bagh Aftm shall be allowed to introduce any competent evmeaoe te his defence, and then any further evidence tee Hoass saay direct shall also be introduced Wbea the evidencea all before the Bouse, tee said Bugh Allen ah*!I be heard on the whole matter by himself or his ascusal, : s he may elect After tea nod Bagh Attea shall have been so heard, he shah be directed to withdraw, aad v*o BousefchaUproceed to consioer the subjest, aad to to** task ardor thereon as may seem Just aad proper.Bftrigned by all the members of the coeaealttoe.^ B order ot arrest was issued by the speaker, aathor isteg the aergasat at Arms to arrest Mr. Allen, under s motion of Mr. Callicot.At ten minutes befors two o'clock U» Sergeant at Arsas made hia appearance before the bar of tbe House w ad Mr Alien when tbe report of toe committee was adop a d . 'from Boenoa Ayrea to the 2ut ofwould her the ArgentineapproTE of the in- at onoe enter theJ J J j J *«•«•?, Wendell PhnKps, TheodoreBWaad oyster dealers,) tell that place on Friday, the Sd test, for parts unknown to his friends. On the same day the win of Mr. Francis Demming ten that place for parte un- known te bar hoahaod. She told him ahe waa going te Berlin to stay a day or tws with some fiteaes. Some transactions betereea Pterpoat sad ha wife led Mr. Item mingtosuspectthatallwassotright,aadhewentover to Berlin in the afternoon aad ascertained that his wife had not beea there. She tosh the noon train gains South. Mrs Demming left a note for her hnshaad. say- ing "Farewell, FrancM." Pterpont left a wife aad two children te New Haven, where he formerly resided.A Cessnas IIHU.—A rich miser in Aubgra. N. Y., has ade arraagementa te he buried in Owaaco lake, A beauW *^S?5i< i r , M , »«, B l t *M r B Hetwastooaeeffln wtech takes twelve yoke of oxss to draw iL He f^veaamanagoodfarmtorburyu* him. Heiatotakehw to the middk-olU^teks ami auk hiavphes —"I slapped Mr. Milnken's face, air."To the second question:—"It bad no connectica withany debate in the AseembJ."'Mr. Milliken was then called upon to maie a vnsMaesa,which was In mtoteacs as stav d above.Mr. Stilson, who was -lUis* between the tern, perton,wasthencalledupon,whosaidthatheBhaniSSua it a difficult matter te repeat all the cmvorsatoo that had taken place, ft was in each hastytton. Mr. Aliea. however, came to him aadfor aa introduction te Jdr. Mllnken. He w i s abate te in troduce Mr. Allen, when he was surprised tehsar Mr. Milliken say that ha desired no tati-odasstoa. Mr. Allen stated that per hay ^ tbe gentleman would not b e " oaWjr it he bad aa r<„:ana!ioB. Mr. MtHtosn saM test_to wanted no er pUoation. The preatse conversation s»a* then foiiowK was POhasty that he eoaM not repeat »-_a totor, braver, was spoken about, andMr-attenaI-aasttf* that ha bad spoken about tea. letter to theto the HectorF. Tarsia, e native reform*-,thethe oB|» of tfceyearwoaU^, withtea social appiku • " • n e t froaaaaaBtlo-vi *-._,lion, from thatof the community, all men are equal; but no man has a greater claim upon society than thea much more satisfactory spectacle to the Christian world were he to fold his mantleutter ignorance of his subject, and that he didnot know what the taw Was. He thought the their effeci throughout the country at large.itisnaturalthata strongfeeling of interest should * exist as to the future destiny of the populations which have been, hitherto, subject to the Pontifical rule.otherSouthernState.ttoirrescuelathehoaroftroubte —lnijB1.U. new recruit, aad fladiag (hat a —HiMj isT toe Hsssa weie determined to adjourn, Mr. Ftegter oaUoe mu Mr.character, has long outlived its uses. In the early At the opening of the present session of Con-be demonstrated that there was no union or con-servative sentiment in New England that waslag, the ignorant, the provident, the active and ban were he to wait until he is again kicked tropolis of the Union." The proposed amend- ABOUT §EWABD.—The Chevalier Webb is veryExcise Commissioners. There was intense excite- the skilful do not render equal services, and out of Rome—never more to return. If he canment all day in the Assembly, caused by the follow- ment was just to leave them as they are, and indignant at the machinations by which Mr.ing circumstances:—On Thursday, in the course of can have no claim to an equality of reward. accept his fate like a Christian and like a sensible its effect, consequently, could not be to ••in- Seward, of Mem York, is to be thrown over-the debate on the Pro Ra*a bill, Mr. Milliken alluded Bat the pernicious reasonere of the French man, he will find sympathizers and friends crease" their power. Now we want a change in board, as thjf Ppublican candidate for theto the reports spread in the lobby by Hugh Allen, school, starting from the ill-expressed and am- everywhere. Should he stand in need of an the law. We do not desire to have the mails Presidency, tf one Bates, of Missouri, rakedasylum, we think that we can even promise himRata bill. Immediately before the meeting of the tion. It is true that all do not go to the de- bishop John—will like the idea of a dividedHou?e, while Mr. MillikeB was sitting in his seat, gree of its universal extension to politics and authority. Mr. A?ten approached him, aud after somebiguous formula that all men are equal, carryit to the absurd in abstract deduction, andone hundred thousand dollars to defeat the Pro advocate the impossible in practical applica- selves to say how our American Pope—Arch- counties in which they are published. The the chieftain of the "irrepressible conflict.""fallacy that hardly any two exactly agree as toexpense, hours before it could be delivered by bar of the House and suitable action taken. The their abstractions, and take up soma particular purpose of defeating the Pro Rata bill; and he mail, and the great bulk of its circulation out-report was debated and adopted. Mr. Allen was idea or hobby. Thus, some apply it to the ne- brought before the bar of the House and interro- gro, and labor to prove that in all things heside of New York does not pass through the ter was at that moment within hearing of his Post Office, but reaches the subscribers longbefore the delivery of the mails.gated. Mr Milliken, the member referred to. made a statement of the acts, as did other members. A resolution directing that Allen be reprimanded was adopted, and, after explanations all around, Allen waa discharged from custody. Both house* stand adjourned till Monday next.has equality with the white man. Others ex- tend their philosophy particularly to women, and the rights of these are philosophized upon. Others, again, apply their theories exclusively to the rights of labor; and those of the sewing girls in cities, the factory operatives of countryvoice. One would suppose that such a chargemade on the floor of the House would havearoused every member in that body, possess-ing any sejl-respect, to demand an inquiry into other. But the alteration for which we con-A large snd enthusiastif demonstration in faror towns, the workmen at the forge, loom andthe facts. But the announcement fell upon the Albany legislators in silence—a different way. It gave rise to a good deal of bluster, and the subsequent appointment of a committee, against a s t o r m y o p p o s i t i o n — w i n d i n g u p y e s t e r d a ytend, and which we have so long advocated, would make a vast difference in the expenses of the Post Office Department, and free it from an intolerable burthen. We hope the popular b r a n c h o f C o n g r e s s w i l l a d o p t t h i s r e f o r m , which the interests of their constituents so im- peratively demand, and send back the bill so amended to the Senate.Mr. Clay and the HERALD, therefore, as far as we can understand him, or as he can understand himself, agree about the proposed amendment to the bill. But he makes an allusion to the conduct of the HERALD, and its effect on the morals and politics of the country, which is as impudent and impertinent as it is unjust, andof the freedom and independence of Italy, and toexpress sympathy with the pitriot* of that classicl a n d , WEE h e l d a t t h e C i t y A s s e m b l y R o o m s l a s tevening. Speeches were delivered by several pro- the speeches of Wilson, Sumner, Helper, Sher with a case of assault and battery on the floor.anvil, and the shoemakers of Lynn and Natick, are all defended with the samp theories, argu- ments and rhetorical appeals that so abound inT u t :B A L A N C E - O F ' P O W K KP A R T VC H I F F O X -clergymen of the city, resolutions weream expression of sympathy from the wo- man, Phillips. Parker, and their fellow philosophers.Is it not apparent that the Legislature is afraidto go into any investigation of sUch delicatecharges'? We fear that there are too few cleanhands and pure consciences in that body toventure upon an inquiry as to corruption.The conclusion which is forced upon us by thistransaction is that no bill passes the Legisla-ture without being paid for, and that all par-ties are implicated alike in adhering to thatpractice. The Legislature seems to stand in in the mouth of a Senator from Alabama itOrdered. That tbe following course of profteJiag be ob- NTKKS.—Attempts are being made to get up a tf t ved. namely —Said Hu^h Allen shall be pteoad at tha balance of-power party by a fd*v politicians bar of this Bouse, alter which tee Speaker shall pat to him the following Interrogatory.—Uo you admit or daay who are always in the field, on the look out for that j ou assaulted and beat the said Milliken watts te hM scat in the Assembly Chamber, a few moments before tha something so sell. The object of this move- House was ID eestioo If ihe said Hugh Altos alawte ment is to get up a third party before the elec- that be did assault and beat tbe said Mulikeu as aforesaid, then the Speaker shall put to him tion, which may be sold out to some advantage the following interrogate!> -Do you admit or deny thai Uw same assault aad beating was doae for sad oa ac-The movement now working in New Eng-*..ffi°yBrtofOjw*»*Termineryesterdaythe isasocialandnotapoliticalrevolution;and thesamecategoryasourimmaculateCorpora-becomesasungratefulasitisuntrue. The HERALD has always stood disinterestedly by the rights of the South, while the vast majority of its; readers have ever been in the North, and it has done more to secure justice to the class of States to which Mr. Clay belongs thai, the whole Southern press put together. And it has done more to expose political immorality snd public corrup- tion than any other johrnal ever published inof young Lane,the alleged such a revolution has but one possible path towas concluded. A report follow. This leads first to anarchy, in which the mentable to think of. We shall see, however,^rwh-taokewhere. ties of society are broken, evert material inte- whether the Investigating Committee will make •nP«s held their regular rest is destroyed, and, reason end religion de- any important developements in their scrutinyft ha_» a* bntmesE of im-**e quarterly report end the worship of a prostitute, as in the firstthroned!, are succeeded by the reign of terrorinto the charges made by Speaker Littlejohn,or whether they will smother up the wholeFrench revolution. From such a state of con- matter. There is a fine chance for interesting fusion and degradation men have no escape» • raattoe^aad<* to» Board is given in but through despotism, where one man seizesrevelations here,THE BATTKRY ENLARGEMENT JOB DECLARED lLLKGAL.-The Battery eaUrgement job was before a committee of Aldermen on Thursday, when the Corporation Counsel, Mr. Bronson.t i ethe destructive energies of error.scatteredwiB^tebe ^ W «bj«s that the teachings of Seward,I.!TM'-B»t«*d: all the other apostles of their*«*tMlnf this country. The mo- gave it as his opinion that the contract was u>-meatltof countrare equal isvalid, null and void, on three distinct grounds, viz:—Thattheresolutionorderingitwaspass- ed by one branch of the Common Council and only concurred in by the other the year follow-powersof societyand subdues It it to thisthe United States.South; but for a quarter of a century we have battled for its rights on high ground, which fel- lows like day cannot comprehend. The gene- ration of statesmen who have passed away ap- preciated our position and recognized our ser-vicestotheSouth.ButsuchstatesmenasJohn C. Calhoun, Henry Clayf, Hayne, McDuffie, the Barbours of Virginia,! and Stephenson andti^r!!!? • * ^'•teaserTa- Jtoa_Jii^*1****•*•Hmenareto-morrow other social wrong. «a l B # | tthe tid^ofoophistryrun. ita ^ r j j term at which the work was to hare beeu completed hauog expired, aud yet there being noThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069,* T*v.aret*T*'for the fulfilment of the work, and that theone here, though we cannot take it upon our-miserable little papers circulating only in thethe shoes of the apostle of the higher la w-striking him in the face. The parties were finally should cease, irome—but these are the f e w - bany, and the newspapers have been Indignant- of the manner in which papers in "the great are full of tears, and we pity his sorrow?. But hurled against the Sergeant at Arms of tee Unite*separated, and Mr. Allen was arrested by the Ser- insist that all men should eat the same, drinkgeant-at-Arma. Mr. Callicot moved for the ap- the same, work the same, play the same, sleeppointment of a committee to report suitable action the same, eDjoy the same, and accumulate ing statements upon that subject. But now itmetropolis of the Union" are circulated, and thinks we do business here after the slow coachStates Senate because he did not arrest the person that let him not trouble himself too much about beat Mr. Sumner. Here the assault comes up in a dio>rent shape: the Speaker is interested ia the measure. That changes a republican view of the importauce of the as- sault.Let not the republicans again howl over the assault «f a member ot their party for words spoken in debate, uaU they change this decision made by a republican Spaaker. It is strange bow interest will affect these pure reeobaOass in their decision on say question. It makes all the dite- rence ss to whose ox is gored. Bad a railroad mas com- mitted the assault" the Speaker would have calledone to the chair, aad there would have beea allof accusations.Tbe following committee were appointed by tea Speaker:—Messrs. Caliicott, Bingham, Kortrighi, rash* Fuller, Austin, Myers and Van Horn.Two of the oommit4e« called at the Speakers cbwr and received their mstrucuooe before withdrawingThe committee retired, and, affr a short deliber-twa, they signed a report drawn up by Mr. Galticott. which was prc-afciiVd to tbe House, and the Sergeant at Arms or dered to arrett Alien.Kcroirr or TBI coBMirncs.Tbe Committee on Privilege, who were instructed bythe House te report a mode of proceeding in tee case of H g h Alt»*. who is aew in custody of the Sergeant at- Arms of this House, for having assaulted aad beaten Wil- liam T. B..Mil>-kea, one a its members, te hie seat to the Aseembly Chamber, when this House was not in session, r e c o m m e n d t h e a d o p t i o n o f t h e f o l i o w i n g o a d e r : —tion in this regard—a state of tilings which is la-ing, when a new Common Council was in officer Rives of the same State, nave given place, with that no securities were givee^by the contractor few exceptions, to a miserable set of smallUntitled Documentpoliticians in Congress, briefless lawyers aud broken down editors of little obscurenewspapers. The planters of the Southdamage to the harbor. When it was firstbroached we denounced it as such, though tome tion demagogues of the North, They a n ofproposed amendment "would give increasedly charged with misrepresentation in publish-appears, from the highest authority in the House, fashion of editors in Alabama. It is a matter of before. The news on the subject, which ap-waa unanimously adopted and the committee ap- system, as in the phalansteries of the pure so- we find the Speaker himself declaring that a their destination. The HERALD is in the hands rary, is of a piece with the bogus treaty be-street by a member of the Legislature for thestated that the individual who had sent the let-So that to alter the law or to let it stand as it is could not affect us either one way or theWe have no interests in theobservations:—interest to the State elections in Newthis (ipring, particularly the struggle in Connec- ticut, where a manufacturing movement has re- cently been set on foot to rebuke treason at the North, and to vindicate the "land ofstitutions of the South as the moat rabid aboli-the same claw as the "border nifnans'' of Mis-tionists in Kansas to carry on their treasonable designs. There are few statesmen now in Con- gress from the South, bat plenty of nigger drivers, who are as dangerous to the peace of the country and the existence of the Union ss^^^Mr. Bronson is the first Corporation Counselwho has pronounced this contract invalid, andnow that it has been so declared, we hope thatit will never be revived. The city, it is true, the nigger worshippers of the North. But thishas lort fifty-five thousand dollars by the tink- journal is not to be deterred from doing itsering operation, which, it appears, have been duty or diverted from its independent coarse alreadyexpendeduponit;butletthatgowith bythe insolence and ingratitudeof political the coarse the lhtoar has takes oa UMprothe rest It is but ft drop in the bucket of Cor- poration plunder.IgnoranceandInsolence•faSouthern Senator.To the bill before the United States Senate, abolishing the franking privilege, Mr. Mason, on Wednesday last, moved an amendment, that no mail matter should henceforth be carried free, to which amendment an amendment was offered, exempting newspapers now having the privilege of free transmission by mail, which are papers sent in exchange to editors, and pa- pers circulating in the county in which they are published.Mr. Clay, of Alabama, according to the offi- cial report of his speech, published in the-TrmMft M* % to*sspiftftvsawjM Ma amiAUSMS foM)wotto vton obu.than toai at a Caou JHa»toJ-!i'-U to hi bfc.M• '.•Bitlan A-j. ii 3ml MrKtrotMrdan wss kn^»4 Hirtte trotM IBS* •Lit•• *CO (Ided tiIO«ohvM aadM heof to agn sewAby pah l.-te lad tollit ba•tonetwaaW" ii!••easttre. A heavy cloud that hosr over the baa questionable shape of broken down editors hail- canal forwarders that have boao h * * * about tba Laing from Virginia, from Alabama, or from any galature seemed to be removed br Orastey'a ooaaaac *»mense 'circulation to the HERALD and gives necticut, for instance—might not only be deci- leading pro rata men at occe flew around sad told power to papers in the great metropolis of the sive of the Presidential election, but have such that he bad no right to do so. An attempt waa mads bythe pro rata men to get Mr. Williams out of the hall to a private room above, but to tbe credit of Mr Williams (the Sergeant at Arms) he refused to leave his post orTaking Mr. Allen to the Sergeant at-Arms' room, Mr. it means that the exception proposed to be in- voting as a unit, and counting 120 votes, and <). Allen, a Buffalo pro rata member, immediately cakedupon Mr Williams, and plead for the release of the atocrc troduced in the bill before the Senate was with Oregon and California sure, Connec tary of the Clinton Leagae- In fact, I waa iatormed bfsomething new that would "give increased ticut. with New Jersey and Indiana, would be tbe Sergeant at Arms that every scheme teat could " aibly be concocted by the republican provClay's speech is exceedingly foggy,and it is very questionable if he understands a tremendous popular majority in November discharge the third hocse operator that had sssssiiltiiil a what he(isays; but if It have any meaning at all, against the higher law. With the whole South mamher.imrsaed te arrestee Mr. AUes, that happened as theare not only of great importance, intrinsically, Of the atosse T h i e e : oadar almost the ass n a a o s . The Sergeant at Arms at that tiaaebut for their influence on the Middle States and (TOiRr person under arrest, sad kept Mm until the Boose ordered the perjoa te bejail.AM BOOB as tee Bouse was called to order, Mr. Calhcsttarose to a question of privilege. Be had beea informed THE CHEVALIER WEBB IN GREAT TROCBLE mat a member of this Boose tod been ssssiiTfrii in us seat, aad that (he person who had assaulted him wasnow in custody of the Sergeant at arms He following resolution, whia was uasain_msryRtaolved. That a Committee on PrivUefes. consatmg af seven mcmbeie, be appointed by the Chair, aad mstrwSt- ed to report a mode of proceeding to the case of Hog* Allen, who Is now in the custody of the Sergeant at Arms of this Bousfe, sad mat said committee have leavs to ess- cute the duty assigned them immediately.As soon as thjs resolution was adopted the-Speaker seat his private messenger to the Sergeant at arms wish aa or- der to lei Mr. Allen have hia liberty. Mark this asttaa of the pro rata leader—who has not let oae opportuxutr pats where be could give a biased decision upon thtt question but what be has dene it: BOW ordering oae of his colaborers, who had assaulted a member, to be davALBAXT CORBIPTIOX.—There has been agreatdeal said from time to time, about the corrup- its circulation is altogether by means of our back track,'" and " abandon the principles of ber of that party who raised such a howl, aadown carriers Mr. Clay is therefore ignorant tbe republican party." The Chevalier's eyes whose papers were filled with every anathema that tion of the Legislature and the lobby at Al- a combination of the Esglish language wxild make,as newspapers were concerned. So that it isevident Mr. Clay was attempting to legislate inan influence on the Middle States as would givevote on the other side. The coming elections, favor of tela moaaure.The gallant Colonel pitches into " the hero ofMr. Seward, who stands just where he stoodTHE FlfiALE OF THE•*The friend, of pro rate are vary saoofeaw www.fultonhistory.comto**?. 