 'toMUjWer are required. A resolution was «f«»nrl«w sdopt-is more natural and it a sort first to:preaented to him for signature, he shallretom it with his objections to the House in- ted to the people of California just in season to world. The present organization might then heightline and and position pf lamp"tj Yesterday GOOK pleaded gnjltr to an assault withpower country by removing'S'TVi ','^°"*"°K'^^ election ofdelerates to Contention"gation ? solelyban for hisneighborsbytheirnecea-meeting severl of the .»«t eT.oln^"^;P„'-aH«Ml» tat yesteidsy's weekly market was quitetheiragain, through representativesmightagainstawaings correspondence sent by members"jraW-TiHOC THUBSDAT^F^^i^lM«>|more than the raaults of oar sloii are aitfUyt* aa oa the sidewiAa of cogent w^fgrriB gAJBP*H-OuT»» TwufcSBBATBK TBtWfliUiaM-«|the J>lll,aenofabill toamendourCityChartersoasto create a Tenant-house Department.ne New-York Agricultural met Society yes-terday in thtf Assembly Chamber at Albany. The eoodition of the Treasury was reported as favor- able, a balance of $5,686 remaining—subject, how- ever, to an unliquidated demand. The annual re- port was read by Mr. H. P. JoHRSOK. Officers for the ensuing year were elected.The Medical Society continued its deliberations at Albany. A Committee to confer with the Senate Committee upon the propriety of estab-a Commission of waslishing Lunacy appointed.Among the papers read, that of Dr. E. R. Sqitibbs on " New Remedies" received the most marked attention. A report of the Committee on Anes- thetic Agency swarded the credit of the dis- coverytoDr.Wills. ItwaslaidontheUble.Twelve murder and manslaughter trials, and as-apresses patrioticdaringlarge partgiv-well beyond exampt^.gravenand Unioncompactof itierommemoraUve death of HessiK Ifissithe attention of theoccupied Assemblydevotion to the Constitutionthe other strikes at theitself. One extends to the Slaveholdiug South the hand of fellowship as a pledge to the faith-•sahs with intent to:effects of architecture are distorted—the SouthJurv,afte'r batch of hidlctmenU, was dischargedand rowdies to cal unobstructed width of" " TborB.orDBtcl>«<a.kiofitssession. Noticewasest in and gildedkill, hava alreadv been dis- posed of, with only one acquittal, in the presentner, Monroe;H. W. CaTaaa. Dwlght.tsnaoftheCourtofOyerandTerminer,andtwen- the mora remain to be tried. G (Oaoc B. Congresscommerce of obstructions to thematters it thatis a— that tat- styPeters,Genesee; B.VanHorn.Nlaaata.A letter was read fran ElatnTa^lBC the Sioiatrto hold Ito next Suie Fair atThe Comaittee of tBciiili riwir.afii'iiintent to do bocaij harm. Moin BixmttD, charged withtheTo all this we havellsltnai-anmedrom of crookedState Fair,anadthebringingTI-t2SiS^h°,fV.'. '»"»"«»"o'' of tbe circumstancesn.Sf-KT.'"^'."''?"""*;!K^^?.,TMiU*?J"""r' "P'°«<"> in Messrs. Aina. Moi-TOH A Co.iB hat factory, on Sanford-, ._ta. dairrpossible, the testimony of the Gallaohjb,increasing population is driven from its misera- dispatched all over the country by membersl*"f.ilTr"aoaBtity ofMan, now m the hospital, who was onMr. Eabimah, the engineer, (kiUed.) at the time of"to tie dire necessity of footing its one streeta fair straw aad a aarlety Legislature, behest of batter and ebeese. In theofS^iL^Si" defiart^Btexplosion.ight-housessafety"!fc^K^i,^T^°"°°>it end when firesand the placeeddies, casting uphiUt- future T»V»m/k}niMjftKawningsetemaUyflapagainstthehatsofpassers-by. jectsofthefrankingsysten^andproposedto J^oathehistoryafthaCoreuUo.Here one stumbles over the device of a corn- substitute for the a fseoftlie plofli. ^ i,.,.was p assi i , andTematkaUereport what amendment, to h^In principle, any intelligible«d ««>surin^ the action of the Republican Statemetropolitan pavementand small,theydotheworkperfecUywell.Butareporticoesandstoops,"andvariousexcres-sheerpieceofpartisanmacliinery.Ourfarmer.""'"'^i^Ex.SenatorKeBr.Ba-Gev-aids and the removal of obstructions to navi-They are both intended simply and for the benefit of commerce, for the ..^2*^^«^electors respectiveCongresIpreservationofhumanlife,andtofacilitate the the communication between the different sec-designedthe burdens imposed on themsary correspondence has degenerated into a audience, Society la the State.* State of themireanddirt There?^5?y!L*'"^** improved in pricea and i iBenjamlB Eb.., Be-T andmanyoftenofe.|oaJ'^£59'w?.awlSteHr^atniton°I"nM'"^y«"«V,andclosed lionsofthecountry. ThePresidentindeedr°ttut. SO MoneyorForeignBills" "•**"' <WI|iP«^J" ,*="'«"cheaply or efficienUy,to it with a policeis almost like and show-cases, boards and ash- a statesman to ^"ger.ioh^Butterfield,»ndtstedL Floor was in good demand at buoyantintimates that, as an original question, authority to erect light-houses might be con- sidered doubtful," but that the point has been settled-tmSm. Wheat was quiet, as were likewiseCom, 'nvaid'Btltejr. 0«a attracted more attention"the and uniform practical longtion.neitherof Therearelamp-postsfiveandahalffeetfrom enormousCincinnati and Philadelphia ouUay. In"in..,«tirir aad valoabla papen wore "»^jLi .rc'r^.ofOo''-"^-prices were sus-the occupation of Uie most—wn any suc—h organiza- three, four and five feet on the other side. ia also not the least item of thisA. AC«»-luM, Mitieaiarir at beef eattlA the faxtalieicelpU for the weak at ths Ci^ tales-yards nam*bered : 4,690 Beeves, fS mltfch' cows, 403 vealpMMd lU* idratted 8fcoyriwwn<»Hni>t ttbasbeendflftatedbytwo PteddeiitW vetoea,5:calvea, »4M sheep, and >,8U hogs-total, 1T,S33. before the preaent one, and yet Am people aad ter off inpoiiit of.The sopply of bwrves exceeded the weekly sver- Congress persist in their constracUon of theage of last year by T40 head, and the weight ami Constitution. On one occasion the Bxeeative4i^«tasaufe*) •>««* ail ftavtas1And not only does he possess this right ; its exercise is a greatdamagedBB0A9WAT B017I>0nt—luu DuoMS—Yooss Ao- have scruples when they fall in with the cur- thority to construct such a road not inmm Tm m lIusaraTiUi—Tiuon Wco& DuuK. XrvBlat—Taa; let sprawling signs, well and dirty ash-boxes, and show cases, andiUBmnra mrsKnii—Atm—» .served theirwhile their services could suffice for its wants.I AtroiAxci ASD Yabui MaDISIT, nXTH-aiBBT, NKAB BKOASWAT-Mosn OFMIBU>ni SALOON—OioMiCKUsn'l Hnrgnau. rALACK GASDKN—Yak Aunan k Co.'i HuAanm.NEWS OFTHE DAY.rent of one's and feelings. The the commercial, but in the war-makiag labor under the delusion that beckuse we keep the stepa, and porticoes, and balustrades of bor-Masten. Ths vele oa eoatnai^ Kw Tab prejudices ~ThestaanuhipsCityofWatkin^tonandNorth hasfounditmucheasiertoobeythesescruples 9riton, from Laverpool on the 2ach ult., striTed than to give reasons for their existence which ]Mt Bisht, the former at this port, and the latter atenemy every nighting army, subjected to martial law, and kept— sidewalkwenowhaveis stoppedupbywhich it originated.was withheld from those States in which it mitted to retire to private life with the con- style of awningsconvenience when no other objection can be might found to an act of legialation. It is so easy to pects.havepros-liavingcountry' fotUaad. The newa is of interest. Parliament shall even seem to be logical and consistent velopmentof our internal and to the resources,ampleThe Senate has just adjooiaed, after aa ea-WM opened on the 24th ult. by the Queen in per- enough to prove satisfactory to flie country— generalvetoHencetliat, whether with or without the interpo- the question, and it will scarcely Increase its tribute materially to the defence of the country,aitiooof a Congress, ItalT would be left mistressof ber own destinies. The commercial treaty with author's reputation as a statesman. Its only if we should ever be so tmfortimate aa to be in-Suppose we stop Under no other circumstances would It it up altogether, and blast out a street fromthe solid housesspeech.least,we ao from the judge—on the whole, a cheaperthe noaiijiatlaa tt MtmHer Majesty referred td the atI'sat mj L. Meaaai cosaidatatloa. Alier Bnaton had far«(m. In thecourse of negotiation in regard to the Italian ques-tion, stated that no day had been fixed for thejneetiiu' of a Congress, but expressed her conG- ate. This message throws no new light upon inland seas. Such improvement would coa-messagenavigationgreatbe worth anything.seek to have done with our firemen. andwas OBderpervisal whichhehassentintotheSen- improvementlastdispatcheffect, we apprehend, will be, in certain States,lay "Fnnce, the Chinese Expedition, and the Hispano-Jlooriah War, were all alluded to. In regard tuthe San Juan difficulty, satisfaction was expressedttiat m serious collision in circumstances to threat-llim had been avoided ; a result which her Ha- the present incumbent of the Presidential dary. Butits chief claim upon the regard ofesty aacribed to the judicioaa conduct of her chair. Mr. Bcchanah would scarcely have the Government is as a peace measure, linking aval officers, and to the conciliatory action of theliaioB. The news irom the continent is of sec- 'interest.ondaryDates from Puerto Cabello, Teneznela, representfriends of Tax TAUsssimsa aadWe must confess thAt we should have enter- deserves a place with the delicate perceptions are gathered, almost in detail, types of the art family resemblance generally supposed to exist to take theirs from flia taUe. Mr. Shmla aevad tewas not in session. Speaker PiNXUiOTOir is un-privedState Acrleattaral|nerce. The Republican caucus has decided to bill had been accomplished by previous ap- sustain Hr. Jobn DirBlxs, of the IndianapolisAtUu, as the Printer to the House. A daily Re- propriations," or that "it was not allegedour institutions. crop—like perennial weeds which crowdWe must add, however, that if trial by jury rank and tangled out of the deln^ shall lose their commissions and be " thereafter met in the Assembly Chamber, Hon. A B. CaeaB,to add to the poignancyalready,its commercial and its palacesjected. Menn, Conin aad Wtgiaia wn .OmoonBnBod aa Harbor Maateit. Hr. Snssx vrasconfirmed as a Port Waidsa, la place of WnauKlHS.The nomination of Locn LosnsnBi ss Part War-bitterthat their electoral votes were cast forAmeiicaB GoTarament. The usual address was received those votes if the people of these together, by a chain of mutual benefits, the dif- io*ed in both Houses, and carried without a di> States eould have anticipated that he would ferent parts of our wide-spread Confederacy,Words and Deeds.Over these flats the commerce of the passeswe aretionably tiound to abolish it, and adopt thatafter the mouldedintheregret,enoughiwelfare." himtothwarttheirwishesandtostrikeablow Thenicediscriminationwhichcanseeanydis-ofK.HaMuuiawaalaid After the other aominattoai baduse thewith whichhave entrustedand sogeneralwalls and elaborate— the party having the majority thereoa (ha table.powerproductivearebrilliant marble, sober granite, and the mellowplacetheydeed,loftyfagades,which, when brought face to face, do not exhibit thethe condition of the Republic aa frightful. When at their prosperity. tinction,in principle between the two measures, richness of many colored free-stones; here our infbrmaot left, the bouses and stores of thejadjourn. TUawaadeetdediathettbwMtf*bythe«ity were closed, in momentary expectation of an attack by the insurgent army.tained more respect for the"which could discern the difference mighty" 'twixt tweedle-dum and tweedle-dee."between children of the same One is parents.of all ages, queerly mixed but wonderfully a Personal Liberty bill, and the other a seriesconstitutional scruples" of Mr. Bct^HAN, as expressed in this Message, if he had not accompanied themof tlteoa adjoamment was conatdared a testdisorder, and less expense,high as $600,000,000 an»uaUy. Hardly any other method whatever it may be. Our LiOASdesignssimpler stylegreatandgrowingNorthwest, estimated asofPateickO'Mul- —now niched and bowed by the rude hand of time, (and hub of emnibus,) and all their lofty architraves, whereon thou still decipher-ofacts it makest,tMST Thia last sum will be somewhat reduced wticB aoeieother improvement would confer such signal heroes cannot us with not young chargebenefits upon so many State8,or would foster so having given them a fair chance to be verymany and so varied interests,as this. It wouldhavebeenmuchmoreingeniousandhonestInMr. BrcHAHAK to have admitted at once theimportance of the work, and then accompanied nicipality in fricking them out for parades the admission with the regret that he could not and gala dayk No other public body has make it consistent with his views of the con- ever received half so much attention'Stitutional powers of the General Government from both Boards of the Common Coun.the Constitution. The one proposition ex-Secretary Johxsob read liis Annual ReiMrLMr. BoeuT, from the Committee appoiatsd for thatread aporopriate notices aadpurpose, resotstlaaa,to sign the bill. His intentional and sophisti- cil. cal disparagement of the ultimate national theThey are, moreover,allowed to blockretireo. and, after consulottioB, reported the follow-thoroughfares of the City at any coBsequence and immediate sectional need of hour they please, put an end to the trafficaccompanied bysuchacts as 'thisFtTtt IHttrict—VLfMn. F. K. Wetncn, Rev-Tork::the an inwardproposed improvement, argues along leading routes, and subject the wholeAwful Can tem- gotten splendor. picture !andLeonard, ttocklaid.terest mockery ; nor is it to be wondered at Ttenf—Mesirs, Wm. RicbardsoB.AIbsaT: Kew-distrust of the soundness of the abstract reason- ing upon which the veto was fotmded.comb,Bensselaer; JobnFourtk-UtKTi. John *. Coiy. Barstoca ;We are not going to inflict upon our readers them the ;police keepclear of them the ;. '^-^*;73.*n"-S?*""Mer.Oneida; MaSut,Ls»- nalcontractandnothingelsecanbeexpected isapdMcCarty,Oswego.an examination of the stale and threadbarearguments by which the President arrives atthe conclusion that the Constitution denies to and innumerable multitudes of young womenW. DwIgM, SevearA—Heesrs John Johnson. SoDesB Daaial War-thefinest uniform in the werld.ttuit the noblea show-bills is dammedthat nlaaa.* ui—to benefit theconsider the red shirts and black Ine^qiressiblesItBroadway tered awnings drip foul liquorsthat the Legislature will not stultify itself and New-Yorkbypassingboththeresolutions andnavigation of the great lakes nor do we ;no sort ofthroughMassachusetts has earned an exclu-sive right to this kind of legislation, and New-York should not attempt to deprive her of the President—Benj. T. BBBtlactCB. Mpro- pose to weigh in the balance of ingenious dis-objection.ia jost and becoming that public spirit shownthe bill.reported Ehnira as thteplaes far holdfaauurrthsaazt "^""^murderingIn the second degree. Hcsbt Ladokbah wastried for the msnslaaghter of Tikotht Mdlcaht crimination the distinctions without a differ- in this form should have the reward it covets. aad dirty rags that thoroughfareFair, toUossSToOaean ia that tellowtBginfant, pleaded guilytomanslaughterholes, vulgar theat one or two practical inconsistencies of Mr. BcCHAiCAii will suffice our present pur-cluster round and run with and fight Broadway is about nine fieet sometimes great- made use of, this privilege of the members of Tba Bieotlsg tbea adjooiBed to 5 o'cloct .. _.., ma oveBtBg there vrtU be a BieotU***' •*»'~^glanceover. If the testimony of the mothers of the er, and very often less. A straight unincum- Congress simply amounts to the levy of a eol- at tte Agtlcnltaral Hall.byat full construction of the Constitution." We ask, which is half our sizedelivery,Jjui^BiifMiiWeewereinquiredf..r.and then,isnotthesettledjudgmentofthecountry, causetheyfoundtheyweredoinginaslovenly,doing this, theO^liMrieMraM less fteely dealt it.Othtrbiaartss of trade exhiMtert no the deUberate will of theChare were 361 vessels ofpeople,asexpressedexpensive and disorderly manner, with aattent"^ Mclassesupot£,the Uve Btocit' Harfcets, the supply of ani-of what crowd volunteers,doctor therehebesmearshiscoatover ;the of a tailor. Here the flapping shopof a vennin-destroyer t>ar« his devo^ head .Pork wai inhave and there are whichtbe fcrtnixitko of thaujao^--^time andbe better done with half the number of paid and disciplined firemen, and all thevision ^ securing transit in the mails of allin ? Three Congress, entitled to some respectand morocheaplyof Con- the aessioos ofgJi^sSTrs^ofa-^rTw'SS^'i.'SS^sucoeaaiveCongresseshaveby large majoritiesgresa at thec^iital, duringtheattemptingof town constables. boxesadvertisingendeavoring to relieve us of unnecessaryandextravagantwhich ""??,.meetingwaspresitodorerbyBoB.considerable,his Presidential Moreover, Mr. Buchanav finds the au-sciousness ofefficientandveryhas Enormoussums every year by the mu-pettedof moneyare^spentesteemed members and exefficera of the Soeietr.On motion oi Gov. Iiibq, the report aad iwaifclBlliaiBthemprincipallegislativeE G. Fall. Westcliester :AD. BartMor. Kav-Tork.1 peaceful commerce, to the de-all-sightwelfare and growth of a common coun- of the try. The same considerations apply to thestricUy ing.andexclusivelyto the business ofthe rubbish of sliop-keepers.oftheof ourThis is precisely what wevolved in a war with the powerfii) nation whose American provinces are conterminous with our own territory upon its northern boun-and discomfort and consent to have our finest street in the world" laughed at by eve- ry rational creature as the worat-Iooking thor-world," withshowy architectural effects, is strangely per- oughfare tmder heaven.with the OBderataadlsg that ifor charges made by oas ef thet ablisfaed by lext week, Mr. MmsATof the "the theoretically proper standard. Here, in-— theLegislatureatAlbany bothintroducedby denInThe Oratland Hail, from San Francisco, on theISIk olL, reached the telegraph terminua fai His-sooii, on Tuesday srening. On the 14th, Lient.- with6oT. Downey was inaueorated aa Governor andto<dt the oath of office. Kothlng new had occurred statements against the utility and necessity of to every inhabitant of the City, that if his makes uncouth chaos of them all with its mul- stance with that passed by the Assembly last Grant, Hammond, HlUkonae, Kdly, Lawnaae, at San Frandaco. Sandwich Island dates are to the proposed improvement itself. Mr. OHAini- fire in the some hundreds ofne mail contractors again beset the Senate,provisions,section 9 declares that It. Sptnola—pettifogging argumentsaadperversehouse takes night,Dec.31. Theyarewithoutimportance. tKB, of Michigan, in his remarks upon the men whom he never saw before will rushtiplied refractions ? which was kist in the Senate. M.Our Fire Department.It is, no doubt a very gratifying reflectionNays:Yesterday, with petitions for the passage of the Message, fully exposed its inaccuracies and madly to the rescue, and, for pure love of ex- est the central thoroughfare, with bowed head " No person, while holding an office of honor Nobs—Mesats. Atwl, Terry, Flsro, Ooa, Katohsa,I>efieieiicy bill. After the dispatch of minor mat- blunders, which are the more remarkable citement drag him out of the win- and perplexed countenance, seeing notliing •r trust and emolument imder the laws of tius Lapham, McGraw, Montgaoeiy, Monioe, P. T. Mat-ters, embracing propositions to print indefiniteBnauien of the Report of Majors Mordicai andDlLAnXLD,andofthePatent-OfficeReport,thatmeasnie was taken up, and the amendment abol-]ahlBgthefrankingpririlegewasdebated. After• general ii.terchange of views, a vote was taken,when 27 voted for and as many against theamendment. It was therefore lost. Aj> amend- Magistrate's pursuit of knowledge must have human nature. It is, imquestionably, a fine ings and sign-posts, garbage-boxes and ash- escaping from the service of their masters,' '* the overseer's lash was laid on nntH tlie flesh was set ment of Mr. Brown, of Mississippi, obliging the been attended with difficulties more dreadful to have any service ofas it contains the announcement that since and absorbed in dow, and extinguish the flames in floodsonebehaved. TheCitycharacters the melancholy traces of ancient inscrip- tions, (stomach bitters,) mutilated bycommunity to untold inconvenience, vexation and loss. Everybody has a good word forand all the revolutions"A. Oolnmbia. Soold,onCommon Councilmen pat them on the back,Courts smilethem;—— his name is Greedto satisfy us that your language is sincere."; TonpklDS 8. A.Law,Delaware." andconvicted;andthetrialofPatkickTARiTAlf,ence"withwhichthismostcharacter-Undersuchinfluences,-anybodyofmenupbyscavengers'merchandise,samples,enviablepositionshehassecured.year, and the report was adoptedfor the manslaughter of Patbick Hokkt-structures, so one canrice-PraMnU-lst ^-J«hBJa^y','of District,;ter County 2d, thaiies B,~HAH wasV^- ^ homicideofJaiusBostoh. Hewasmessagemight fairlyexpected3d, BeraaoB HBrlbBrt.ot St. fhwra Oneida, »th,FraBeia M.commenced, and adjourned tillParty Spirit ia the Senate.Wesdell,^°"" °^ Generalfore Re«)rder Baksabd, a murder trial also tookSessions, be- place—RichAED A. Eddy being charged with the""Swell as it works. But it is a misfortune of all tmms in the public's face ?volunteer bodies to be haunted with " out- The width of that part of Broadway lying Senate from the Finance Committee an amend- £?!I3!!?^' Stcnrtenp-B. P. Johoaoo.orAlbaay.convicted of Grand Jury was yesterday unpanneled; and in the.Court of OverRecorimg Secrttmrt-*nttn CorBiac, Jr., Albas^.manslaughter. Inthi. a Court,sidehundred is a nucleus for four times that buildings, is about eighteen feet practi- viding remedy great growing Chaadler H«, otKeBsselaer Chas. P.abounds. Are not theseand the Fire Department proper does liehave asandparade the advantages of his wares and n«a-isticfine-spun arguments and hairbreadth dis-beto liehave well,signsadverlisiagtinctions familiar as an oldall who are conversant with theto politicalSenator Hcktxb yesterday reported in the O. Sheldon, of Betdi, of utswe OBtaiie; Sih. T X.P^«s,(.writings of the States-rights school, and havethey not been set aside by the common senseand legialation of the country? A generalfollowers. Every company of one between either curb-stone and the adjacent ment to the Post-office Appropriation bill pro- "Wsongunquestion-the Aldermen andaadlworse off with regard to oo^iacraiioiM.ipA^' pobak^ioealUr 1»somethingoff fron last week's rates icafc. ^ &>. for the veto was ovemded by a two-thirds majority own |experience|were needed to Indooe to Broadway. The eoatrasts of the elabontta jodiclouBiqualitywerebatterthiatheaverage. Pricesfeltpriaea^M«iiilestimated dressed weight, with the exception of In both Houses—in the Senate twenty-eight follow their example, the introdnctiOD and great fi^•dea, ^leadU eqalpa«ea, showy shop-win- what amoaala'td •iifrf'iMiRi a few extra animals which went at lOlcSllc, ! VIthe first grades were sold at 9ic.®10c., while me- voting in favor of the measure to eight in the success of steam fire engines has furnished It dowa and bfflUaatattiie, with the reeklDgaiid pablicaa Senateta,dium nades went at ScSSc, and poorer animals negative ; and yet Mr. Bochaicah deems It Us They have done away comfdetely with aH ne- slippery walks, irregidaiiy-aliaped, awkwardly- big Mr. Hdbtib'b propotttaa.St 6c.<eTc. With these low rates prevailing, the duty for the third time to defeat the action cessity for the dlsorderiy hordes which every bent ahivenly-diniTaaged, maltangalarly-dls- must have been giMd yaidaareaboatclearedout. Milchcowsareinso"paityf little demand' that ntrselUng rates can be qipted ofthelegialative department of the Govern- fire now brings together. WiUi a pair of poaed and imperfectly-repiired lamp and awn- action, as there may haw I—the brokers literally go out and peddle them in ment Some persons may regard th's exercise horses to draw the machine to the aeene of ing poets, with the ataiing tUgoM, dissi milar "party grounds" on thethe country. Veal calves sell readily, the beat at of autocratic power as an evidence of firm- action, a few men to work the hose, and an and tattered awnings, with tiie diaos of mer- Democratic so pport which (he Ifull 7c. ^ ft), live weight. Live sheep are 35c.9 ness In the resistance of to the steam fiOc. ^ head lower, owing to free arrivals of any eneroachmant engineer keephave in one chandise shoved imder foot to. the very corb- HuRTu received. Butdressed careases. Hogs are still rather s^rarce, upon tbe Constitution and upon the Executive steam engine a means of quenching conflagra- stone, wiUi the ffllhy garbage and adi veaaels— Bomea as necessary to Its owa nhjnola >'<§up, youandtheadvanceoflastweekiafullytnstained; prerogative,butavastlygreaternumber,wetionsworthhalfadozenoftheoldhandengines. eachandaUsaturatedandbesmearedwiththe tiootoppositiontoobjeetaofptaetieali>—ty»«»**'AtmlnlatraUon has been preSmlaentlj dis- Mr. BucHAaAv sees no violation of the Consti- tricts as might be necessary. The matter, for cramming oar thorouglifarea with these l^nu KOHva THKAi»»-n»«ijn« Oiuat, m na tiognlahed. Bat, then, Hr. Bctchaxab has oon* tution in the gigantic internal improvement under suitable regulations, should then be left nuisances T Win oar shop-keepers starra aad. stitational to the bill, and this ofa Pacific Railroad. It should be remem- altogether In their hands. Few guarantees for oar Republican institutions be violated by clear-corn-fedcommande{c.9icylb. Uveweight— —MMle the ewl that a Iritavta doty ia not seldom Identical wltt a hfaalar'laotmty, may The veto of the bill for deepening the chan- who thus vents his spite upon a section of the wha have now no control whatever over are positively sickening. We are not soipTiMd taotioa.master ingredient of ttem allnel over the St Clair lUta ia another instance country which dares to prefer Mr. Douolas to the firemen, should associate, as those of that sensible Europeana laugh in their aleerea"of that deliberate disregard «f the popular will himself, and has pronotmced tiie most em- London have done, organize a paid brigade" over our boasted appreeiation of art aad lOTOand that bland indlffeTence to the in- phatic condemnation his Admlnis. of picked men, imder an able head, and fur- of decency. Paris, and even London, are not great upontereata of the oountiy, (ot which the present tration. This is the more likely, that nish steam-engines and horses for aa many dis- BO disgraced. Is tliere the remotest necessityThe Pi«aUeat«s Flat T«to.fear, will see In it only the obstinacy of a dis- appointed politician and an embittered old man,The insurance companies, who are really most Interested in having fires pat out hutdirtHmin or Mo-Limjam-OV •AJUnV—AII«ne«aa*dBT«Bliic—OMSI'i fact enda the discoaslon. The President has bered, however, that his first clear insight into their discharging the duty well would be ing and cleaning our sidewallu ? The cost ofeettacofBnALAjOBBaBiBa C^anua Tion. BOWBtT THXATU—HUK Wannte—Bsux-o'-Datmr aownr THBAxss-«on fmi Kn- BwavtnWjLU.the light to have his acmfdes; it Is an the constitutional provisions affecting this needed, beyond the fact that nobody baa tialf as time and repairs of body and r^ment saved to! Fnam TnanLU—Li,— and influence the canvass in that State, while it be at once broken up, and the members per- awning poets onlformity in anglesAiun, Wedaealar, Feb. a,The Senate haa now been in TJinr nilse jfor sevea hkon. The eoBtesttka ef Baibw-Mastan and PaiVWa beea very severe. At r o'doek. A, D.scmplea aigningof the ConsUtation which question was obtained Immediately before hia much interest In having it well done as they the promenaders of Broadway in one year proyldes that if be does not approve a bill election to the Presidency, and that the result have. This is, aa a motive of action, worth would reform tliis whole system. Let there beof his anxious deliberations was communica- all the "honor" and "^ory" and laws in the an ordinance requiring similarity of form,especial guarantyearthquakeandtempestButiftherightsandfeelingsaegr0Bi|r— of Michael A.vgklo thatpaidPremiumB on Winter meetiog' number of blackguards —the sidewalks of abuse, the fi-anking privilege. As at present SP ^*Jli-^the working classes"Plosion was caused the erection and maintenance of light-houses could lie taken on this subject the ruin of a princely parlors, is indeed a noble path for prosecution of personal and partisan objects. AgTicnltaial Ball.ffli^'^'?!.*""?'"' "'\' I'"'bycloaiDf thevalveniock between the boiler and upon the lakes, and ^et the Immediate and far greater number of our young rowdies than pedestrians. But when that space, being, as it Every mail which leaves the Federal City „To-morrow evrnhig »e address at «th•es.s«—eM«M,Brooklyn, was continuedpose.He finds nodifficultyinsigningbills forpreco<<iousyouthamongstMeam-cbMt, but adjourned the furtherthe case for one week, with a view to obtaifi iffiVeof these are local, and any one imagines could be traced to an eariy is, the only thoroughfare of a metropolis whose fairly groans with masses of dociuieats place.yesterdav Theproduce,WinterftBlU, *c,hearhii of direct,^^ «^|^j;,,, ^Tl^ (ST «i»8a»»»-'advantagesthey only remotely contribute to the taste fbr extinguishing fires.The Hall ExhlbitioB at theThere Isbered walk eighteen feet wide, broader thanlossal tax on the national revenues for theTo-morrow tiie arnnal exhiWtioo ofit is as a ofquestion practical expe-the case mostwaters. how can well for a village or small town. When tions, stumbling-blocks and nuisances to touch, Presidential campaign is thus done at the ex- a carcase of mutton welr>"sof a man's house takes fire in a community of smell and sight, it ceas—es to be a sidewalk-^a pense of the nation, and that which was difference be drawn between the erection atdmv with equal benefit of the whole country. The Butble and insufficientrailwayaccommodations—" of the National at thethe leaders of the severalAt the meeting of the Republican Central Com- convenience of commerce upon the inland be treated. A fire company answers very when that space is half stopped up by obstruc- belong. Half the electioneering of an ordinary 52S pounds ; apd Chawjs* ""f"i *p"ounds,^^"'"'S, a Committee wa. ?"'^L"" and appointSlthsare for theand diencythatdeservestopartiestowhichtheycompetitionbog, weighty d«««J',;;;'»f this ettr;becomesof sewer through which the human tide poursto attempt to save a city of this size from sences unknown to Architecture, vriiich coolly postal expenses far outrun our postal conflagrationsbyacorpsofvolunteers,either monopolizesevenfeetofthespaceononeside, income,andMr.Huxtebdidhisdutyas »'"fhten thousand people, nothingease individual members ofto turn out and extin-The Statethis A»"«»'YX7'«««'of a very »««.arerareguish " amoi.gsf'^"^pair We have long outgropennanenUyusurpingdiscarded it be-the curb-stone,Untitled Document"II 1iwgiika«iH« •ooaoeh bad taatewanes and his enthusiasm chills far short of There are two measures at present beforo -Wliat is it that veils their dims our sight and offends our taste?beauty,; aatiMvote Isaw, BaiHe^, Satak,striking.entire devotion to the—what false medium distorts theif proportions andof resolutionsUnion, and a determination to preserve it Teas andThe Personal Liberty bill is the same in anb- TSAS—Bell, Blood, Calvta, TnnaiiTlj. flaii—.Winter,O man of business, as thou diumally tread- various otherAmong Maaiene, J.Morpky,Piuciphers altogether, sparetheterminationofthelastCongress,thePresi- of coldwater. Thatthere should be so briefhourfromthecontemplationofthisday's orotherprocessorgrantanycertificateunder ner,Williams—16.dent " has made a thorough Investigation of many thousands of young men in New-York lucre, and with lifted countenance and willing or by virtue of an act of Congress passed the It U said that it required tke Umarij-aerewaaltaefcthe questions involved in the bill." If this has who do this in all weathers and at all seasons, mind, survey the. melancholy decorations of a to drive Senators up to vote for such of tte GotsfB- 12ihdayof February, 1793, entitied 'An actbeen so, we can only say that the Chief is also, no doubt very creditable to New-York once splendid metropolis. Call them not awn- respecting fugitives from justice and persons or's Domhiees as vrere cosfimed, aad tliat at tlaesprevious to the passage of the bill, of obstruc- ment is, no doubt a popular educator. It pro- oughfare, rising for a little season out of thethe Committees. Mr. Johk Cochiiaiie is said to tions to the commerce and navigation across motes courage and self-sacrifice amongst wreck of former generations, and then ument under the laws of the State."representNew-YorkintheCommitteeuponCom-theSt.Clairflats,"orthat"theobjectoftheyoungmen,andisthegreatestenemytoef-givingplacetoathriftierandcoarser Thebinwouldbemuchshorterandmorein-derstood to have completed the arrangement ofineligibletoanyoffice oftrusthonor or emol-to be foundpublican organ at the Capital ia promised as one that any present necesssity existed for this did better than trainot this selection.The remonstrances which have been in circula-nothingpeoplein the of their kind on rich but neglected acres. honor or emol- President, in the Chair.ineligible to any office of trust, Tt>e Treajsurer, L. H. Tccxxa, Erq.. read liis aa-corollarynarrower cut in the bottom of the present weighing of evidence, and inspire them with But fancy thyself, O man of business, trans- ument imder the laws of the State," who shall nual report, from wbidi we gather the foUowloftion in this City against the removal of the pres- ent ><nM^i"g of the East River steamboats werejustice,SocietyFromAllMny local CommllttetX,tSa t3 l,aM 00 l,OOS SOMo 00 1S,1U SSchannel." Any person at all practically ac- an interest in the administration ofported to a chronological stand-point a thous-endeavor to carry out the provisions of SectionAmoonc on liAud at last aiuiiiAl meeting of thequainted with the subject could have told the we are afraid it would not last We long.and years away, when the rude barbarian shallfeminacyamongsttelligible if it would declare that all officersAt 12 o'clock, the State Agricultural Societysoch abominations, and above allsadi eontraata,find labe for-There are some well-meaning people who ever removed from the pablic's Idghway. Even Rosan B. MossatConstitution, which at one time is so elastic as power of the Government It is indeed up a volunteer militia to do our fighting, we buildings should be swept away, and entrances TAUisisasH stood It to It. The T.- m^rt flei to comprehend all sorts of doubtful powers true that an easy inland communication with can and ought to keep up volimteer firemen made to a man's own property on his own eraor voted agatacthlB, and ao ha was r^oetaa. A of goTemment, at another time be. the Pacific States would be highly convenient to put out our fires. But there is no analogy ground. Shall the public tide be dammed up mothm to recoudder was suds, aad that m^ Udcomes so rigid that it can hardly be made to embrace the vital and essential>interests of the country. Mr. Bdchahaxand in the event of war, but if a Pa- importantcific Railroad shall ever be built, it will not be with reference to the doubtful contingency of hostilities with a foreign Power, but to the car tain results obetween the and duties'of the two for generations, that a shop-keeper can have over natll next Wedaeslay. The BSMasH^ e(bodies.reality,— TheKeeperoftbaCapitalisjoti talk about widening BroadwaypositionOur firemen are, ineasy access to his cellar?Ha» L. Mubsat Is down^a militia in active service, under arms and assailed by theA militia in auch ation is always converted at once into a stand- to give the people rtKim to walk ^when half thefight-Belief of Broadway-The Sidewalk.An observing foreigner or a traveled citizen, in contemplating "the finest street in theplexed for the moment that his admirationcative aessioB of elerca hoars. Whsaposi-aasbssIob iaprobaUo. WoaMAT-UF.X.merchandise of alldescriptions,Peopleabout destroying millions of property in orderupper for Senatocs la the Saaatsmore feasibleThe nuisances of our sidewalks must be re-formed, or we must submit to unnecessary de-traordinary pairlegislativeplan.takes of aa Impnaipta supper of ksfponeh aad lemonade, Mr. HnaAV wasavowingwith the resolutions in favor of the Union and nnliqu'dated are settled.claims of theAibaoy I,o<^ CoDUBtltae;iBii, VasBuouaodTcaaiu—threeprooilneataalUaUTthe convulsions of years, and black ful fulfillment of the contract entered into were adopted.; Mr. Ccaar, of Saratoga, moved the oaaal Cownit-with neglect while the remnants of purple and the other, at the same time, annuls an impor- tee of twenty-four, to nomloais offloera foe the eaao-—now fine linen—the once-gorgeous canopytrickle with the juices of dripping eaves andsublimated dust, or flap in the wind like thewings of foul birds. Above, beneath, and onof that contract It is not at all sur- that Southern men should see in al]and recommend theing year, place fOr fc*^"*-* tbenextAnnualFair. Agreedto.The members from the several Jivllelal Dlatitetseither hand, reek the rotten remnants of a for- " Personal Liberty bill," nothing but the bit-; Dalsasaa Seamd-^trnt. King, Qaeeas KaHy.earthquake,of time, so sadly mutilate the proud monu- tlemen, we want a fulfillment of your frater-pest,ments of man ? man of business, No. But there is a Vandal more remorseless thanthat our Southern brethren should say:Gen-tafft partprisingdeclarationsofattachmenttotheUnion,when isgCommitteemea:ofreckless, thoughtiess, vulgar Greed. What of no importance at Albany, we trust at least «**t*-Me«rs. O. W.^atUisSfckBBlBB,^ T. «.;^^<>mra^LBtber%.TBeker.or>lbaBy.„ , the a for that and "'are— .-Senator from Virginia bore well in mind the real ob-^^'FROM ALBANY.TielMt CMtat il tit amto N NfMMl'itkaPitoeedlac* of Hw Sato HadiMl Speeial Dlapatek te the >•(kiState, shall, in any capacity, issue any warrant phy, Biehmond, Robertson, Bawicni, Traaata, War-and diffi- barrels, show-cases and advertising-stands, to the bone before the necesaary nuoiher would re- &c. Section 10 provides that every officerdangerthe lowest bidder, was adopted. Without final ac- than beset the schoolboy's path, or he would culty rendered to the public without fee or re- bulletin-boards, transparencies and merchan- who doe's issue such warrants shall be de- spond in the affirmative. LIO.printing of blanks to be advertised and given to thingtion on the bill the Senate adjourned. The House not say that " no complaint had been made, ward. Like trial by jury, the Fire Depart- dise, as they crowd and sprawl in the thor-of his office, and shall " thereafter be AbbbbIUcetiBc»f tke Society.keeppreeeoted to the State Senate yesterday. Bills Presidential student that^ the direct converse it up because we find it, in the main, the best have devastated thy city, and the wild bull and States. We have always condemned these State Appronnation for Societywere introduced relative to the foreclosure andof all these propositions, and of others equallythe untamed bear shall prowl among the ruins— bills as frivolous and uselessKrom State Fairsale of the New-York and Erie Railroadto create a new ward in the City of Brooklyn. any work of internal improvement which, on the extinction ofMakisg,ISt3,ns n hMt S( dlli ISSSI se U7 14to incor- |)orate the Long Island Steamboat Company, andpersonal libertyneither calculated nor intended to securereceipts,a(,4MThe bill giving 1100,000 to the Albany and Susque- hanna £iilroad was passed by a >cote of 20 to 10. After accomplishing this and some other unimportant business, the Senate went into an exceedingly stormy Executive session on the nomination of Harbor-Masters and Port Wardens. The Pro Rata question, in the shape of a minority report and remonstrances agamst it, and [>etitions in favor of the adoption offires,sonallibertyany one,;preposterous, was true.Indeed there is hardlyWou]d"st thou see that melan- choly picture to-day? Behold! Mile afterall hands, is admitted to be moremile of noble columns ofaad of mol- this elaboratedmethod of In like deciding quarrels.a total ot. Salaries. trsTeliog expenses, &c., (ioclmUiumanner, the main purpose of the Fire Department iswith otherThe expenditures for the year, were aa foUoars :and if we can important lish this object in any other way, withaccomp-and necessary and national in its character. less possible corruption, less risk of riot and ten metal, of oak and of cedartoDr. litch's salary;S'ateFair JipenfesPremiums «t the last Stateof Wall-street.per- and as introducedwrought —forThe one now before the Legislature in Al-1 Article 4 of the Constitution of the United State Approprtstion forHr. titebpurposes.partisanbany is referred to solely to show what an ex-solelyFairPiemiums awarded at prerioos Fairs Varloa/BmaUer amotmts for Sundries Cs»hondepocitcasting voteLleatsBaBt-Gowaorvats, givebeSi*«i-Mes8rs. A.S.Wen.Chamoac J. i-; OwreH. of TompWo.^.aad Saaia"! P.r^ "«"2" will take P*^ "Hob. a. B. Coiaiiirwill «* dellvaredheBelBTfh«m, has oo exhlMUonAmongsts««oal Choerer, CaWe T.'*"1^,,„„, JoM^ohnstoB,^onpresentarrangement pro- AVoteo?IhMkatothe•PT'^J^TowplT•! limited.the pntfKlPOat or TBI TBXASCBXB—TSa HKXT rAia fO BXBSLUATgT.ifTHAFrom the AOianf Evaung JmmuL f«t. 8.so«l "««^STM»«!^/^UtB, „„ PnsidcBt. oftt*"">•iL.X.B.: Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com;^£Miifi&i^^^^ 