 .and I it, nevertheless, with reverence, speazceived with applause. The is a foil re- following•r thought, by mind or will, aid in admitting one rood of free territory to the everlasting curse of human Umdage."—H. Clay.States must become a great nation If they could spread the civilization of intelligant, free men over this vast domain, and could coimect the seat of that flourishingif they should stand, and if they should be continuedand renewed by future Presidents, and future Con-gresses, and future Judges of the Supreme Court, toa state of Intoxication. A man in a passion never can tell what he will do when he is cool, as everybody knows from his own experience that he very oftenare near enough to their dissolution to warrant it" Taken all In all, the demonstration of last evening was a most creditable one, both In point of numtiersTHE MAJORITT MCStSl-WABS. .Had an earthquake shook the building, or an elec-rapidly It was long before the immense concourse towords, and threatenedShortlyThe audience rose en masst, cheered, stamped, waved hats and handkerchiefs, and rent theand penniless, no matter whether he were Catholic orsome woids printed in smaller letters, "at New-circumstances would permit byeral Government, the statesmen of the Southsisted onuprising.Haven," [laughter,] and that the sign was rightly to "OUTSIDEWJVk.u^iiipqi•'mw1'^.Pl'i >inasV'^im^pipppamwipP^^MP^i^iqpipmwilM©L. X.—NO. 2846.GOY. SEWARD IN THE METROPOLIS. bind tkem to the commercialand social circle of the proved to be an and a fabrication. gressions against the Slave States T cannot do thePRICE TWO CENTS.CANVASS.uy public man In tbis City. The large hall was if they were to be judged from those they sent outMR. RAYMOND'S SPEECH.to a purely partisan temper, he should be detoreddeuely crowded at least half an hour before the time through the rural districts In my childhood, were notaltogether the best' qualified persons for the task of ; and, when public education. [Laughter.] Manhattan Island, tlK auemblage was called to order—like the crush at FellowciUzens, fell, by the disposition of a wise Prov- idence, within the circuit of a great State and a great nation, and although that State and that nation thoughtannoxmced for the meeting to commence—Katharine's coronation there was hardlya com-conspicuous way of carrying thisdotog so this everting, tiy the fact that so lBj|e aof theFrerioos to the organization the utmost confusion the Atlantic coast. Manhattan Island stood just ex-" appearancethosetook(fact conceded,hands, said Mr.prevailed among the audiencethose without the iiall,;actlv In that tioint to which all the commerce of West-send Slavery into, and Freedom out of the Territo-ries of the National domain. All that we to proposesion. [Applause and laughter.) These menaces are made by the politicians in the name of the people of the Slave States. As 1 have said, what else can you ex-nationalin the bands of theis a matter of exultation on the partof Soatherm p<di- ticlans, that hitherto the direction of ourbension, as the creaking and cradling of demolishedanyconflict "theory on theline ofoutgrown by ts in aaiB- system peculiar herself, withseats mingled harshly with the discordant din.You wiU see in a moment what IXMiy ever expect to reach a fortune, or fame, or hap- las does say so ?" [Laughter.] Well," said march. "the North and West and ;stoce shepersi tovaSn were three other meetings t^ganlzed in variousof New-Y'ork there were then only 300,000 counteringresistance andopposition? Whatare we that he thinksso ?"[Great laughter.] SaidATTACKS UPON THE WIDE-AWAKES.the country can tevewhether he were anair with a long and deafening welcome, rising to the Pole,or a Himgarian—theybe readthe homage to Hbnsv Clay, the reverence to Kossuth, or the more recent popular honors to the Prince of Wales seemed but a circumstance—at least such was the impression on the inspiration of the moment.Mr. SzvAJj) requiring a few moments' repose, theand in New-York—1 was going to say that we employ, was no chance to within of Mr. SrwiRD, iiut I think I will reverse it and that freemen em- get hearingseveral 'w-ese knocked down, and dispossessed of thty now —'* Theystep,but the Slave States fall to and the multiply replenishspeakingUreal Wide-Awake Demonuration in Brooklyn.Brooklyn experienced a novel sensation last—evenmg produced by an unusual display of theshould notsustains it, are notother, but they are parts of one whole. The townCer-rt-asoD, that if yuu make another Slave State from onr.separatewill be obliged to give up another State, either Mary- land, Delaware, or Virginia, to Free Soil upon the*• theNorth. Take offthese restrictions upon AfricanInWhat did it require ?it required from what was done. In all the State piness on earth, or a crown in Heaven, 'without en- he, 1 want to know whether you thinka sodalwhich the other sections oftumult temporarily by proposing Wh. M. Evaktb forChairman. A deafening "Aye " indorsed the selection, tion consisting of only three hundred thousand souls—a white population. Everrbody could see that a great and Mr. Eviars took his seat. Eimus Kitchch, Esq., nation could not be created in the United States uponthe six ones Southerndid not see theirreason was an obvious one. The African Slave-trade before tiiey could be read, amid loud calls for Ssw- was in full force, and it was vigorously exercised for tMB." Mr. AaoB J. Willuiibos and Mr. HiaAn Bas- the profits of the white man ; and much as men may denounce the assertion of an irrepressible conflict, [tremendous cheering] between freedom and slavery County ConTCBtlons, which likewise provoked more in the same community, it was apparent and manifestchange* of the bal-nr annonnoad the nominations of the Judicial and;dotog,to"portioncountryIb^ lietiJ-lmfk NEW-YORK, SATURDAY, NOVi;^IBER 3, 1860.ffime^ far,NorthorSouth,thatcandissolvethebondswhichthchardexperienceofmankindhashitherto andhisCabinet,andtheCongresswillcommitag-sleepyontheeveofelection.FemhlginFnv-THEISSUESBFTHEand to declare that from and after that timeone thing coarse wagons,carts, androughandrudewheelbarrows,butoncrossingtowith an on adequate seaportwho estimated, from one mtie to ten, accordtog to theon allexlstence,the control of the country hat restedem all the commerce of Western Ameri- New-York,of the estimate. party making.thein the garden, pressing lustily for admittance, and ca must converge, if only the right jjoUcywas adopted do, all that you will do and, God be thanked, all that ItpoliticsThe honor of escorttog Gov. Sxwars in the earlySouthern, slaveholding States. Itnot say they paid worship to It, tmt they anointed it calls for " iKUiMO." Mr. CHiaus S. Smcax then then that this Importation of African negroes amount- King naugnter,] and they pronounced allegiance tonecessarystabilitythe resolutions indorsing the National, State, City,ICoanty and Congressional nominations of tne who deny the irrepressible conflict to-day to say howKepnbllcans. The audience uproariously espressed it is, that so early as it was, and as it nasits impatience for Mr. Sivakd to appear, been to this day, that wherever a State wiU;and our safety consists to admittiagand would hear of nothing «lse. Nor wouldadmit imporied African negroes, voltmtary emi-grants from Ireland, England and Germany,—very firmly, neither [laughter] but with tolerablevirtue, and faith in humanity. The Constitution anddisturbance. Officer LzrpiRTB took one H. K. Smith arise out of which they grow. Our RepubUc is aotan into custody, and both the prisoners were taken to the ron framework, fixed and immovable, to be shattered station-house, and locked up. by every popular commotion which It lacks strengthWhile this affair was transpfring another scene of o resist It is rather a stately ship, made expressly toexcitementwaswitoessedinfrontoftheNew-York yieldtothewtodsofpublicsentiment,andtiyyieldthey be quieted by the effort of the President, Mr. will not go. What was to l>e done to make this greatthe Union have stood the eighty years only uponpersistence, declined to comply. Now they foundation of such a faith existing among the Ameri-BvAHS, to address them. He vainly represented that State and this great nation, manifestly was toMr. Sswias was not on the platform, and that he diminish the vigor and the force of African labor—towoulddetainthembriefly.Theywouldlistenattentive- diminishitandarrestit,andontheotherhandtofind that their system does not build upgreat States like New-York, but on the otherband that the six States which pursuedcan people. It will stand and survive the Presiden- tial election, and forty Presidential elections after ; aye,Itrustanhundredandathousand,becausethestimulate and invigorate the force of free emigration. lyfovamomentuntilsomeonemoreimpatientthan Does doubtthat? It atheir CTStem have remained stationary, or relatively people, since It was established, have grown wiser,so. liie andfinestsiteforcommerceonthis morejust,humaneandvirtuousthantheywerewhen greatestcontinent is New-Orleans, and in early life 1 made a it was established. [Long and euthusiasUc cheering.)pilgrimage there to see whether it was not true that After Gov. SiwASS had concluded, the RepublicanNew- Orleans was to supercede and supplant New- Glee Club sung " Dixie," amid loud plaudits ; and York, the capital of my native State, as the seat ofcommerce on this continent. I found that whereas "Old Abe's Choir" rendered "Aint we glad Abe's there were some ten times the population in New- going to Uie White House ?" very effectively. Then York that there was in New-Orleans, that it was in- Mr. E VASTS came forward and said that the proces- creasing in a ratio of such magiutude that sion of the Wide-Awakes was part of tiie evening's when New-Orleans would have a quarterof a million, New-Yorkmillion and a half. Shallreason ? 1 found it in the fact that when 1 went out As soon as the announcement was made, Gov. in the night in the City of New-York, 1 saw the cob- Seward's friends surrounded him and shook himto ride the Hotel,wherealargecrowdhadcollected. Several mg, comtmroituimopnh.antupon swellingwaves of" anybody required, secondly, another, would call tor Sivaxs," and the hubbub system of internal intprovement to t>e commensuratepopular [Applause.]well-dressed men came out of the bulldtog and mto- 'The first great result, therefore, of the revolnUtm gled with the people, tocittog them to make an attack which is impending is the transfer of imperial powerwas increased. They discourteously requested Mr. with the greatness of the regions which were tlms to EviMB to " Cut it short," to " Put it in the Tiais and be inhabited, and it required that the free labor popu- lation should be eductated and trained so as ta be we will read it In the morning." Afjer'speaking brief- able to maintain a Republican Government. 'This ly of the wonderful progress of the ^rty, Mr. Evarts thing required the cooperation of the Federal Legis- finally yielded, and introduced Hon. Taio. N. Poms- lature, and of the State Legislature. The Federalsot, the candidate for Congress in the Auburn Dis- Legislature addressed themselves to their work in the Convention wlilch framed the Constitution, andupon the procession, and using language which the from the Southern mtoority to the majority of the North and West Bye and bye, to the natural growth exercise only of exfreme forbearance on the part of of the cotmtry, the West will possess the population, the Wlde-Awakes forbade them to retaliate. The the wealth and all the elements essential to govern- ardor of the rioters at this point was soon dampened ment ; and then we of the East must make up our by the arrest of Alzxandxr Johnson, one of the lead- minds to see the sceptic pass away to twcn from as, to the regions and the peoDie that will succeed to ear in- heritance. But,unless'wearesounwiseastocher- house. ish and build our hopes upon some peculiar, satish On the comer of Fourth-avenue and Twelfth-street interest of our own, and tons to isolate ourselveafien a more serious disturbance than either of the others the toterests and sympathies of our successen totrict.Mr. Po>iaoT commenced by promising not to de- "These three Federal legislative efforis settled thetain them longer than the moment of the arrival of whole matter in a manner simple and practical. ItMr. SiVAW, and proceeded to speak of the glorious I did not extirpate or attempt to extirpate African Slav-Ohio and Indiana, ery. It did not emancipate or attempt to emancipatewould1 tellhave a you theexercises, and that they might have an opportunity toers, whom Sergeant Basta conducted to the Station-victoriesin Maine, Pennsylvania,and of the ftatile opposition to the onward march of Republicanism. Illustrating his argument by telling | anecdotes. While in the midst of a story about a I Hard-alieU Baptist, a general movement on the stage attracted the attention of the audience. In anotherIt cud not even arrest at once thelate atwell as sold, in New-YorkI saw as everythingmade,weshallwelcomeit, andrnotresistit Wediallre-penses, burdens, costs and losses upon white men. 1do not know how it is. It is for these philosophersNeverto raise a commercial and political king—a social them altoi;ether. For my part, I, on the contrary,king—within the Republic. But they set up the have faith in the Constitution, faith In the Union, ance of Capt. Caffext with a retoforcement, and the them necessarythrone In our midst, and said that we must bend and faith In the people of the States, faith in the people of turbulent people were dispersed, not, however, until hem freely, to accepttog them frankly, and adapting t>ow before it too. [Laughter.] But from that re-quirement we have modestly but firmly—not alwaysin the Congress which succeeded the Constitution.see it, the meeting was adjourned.|i}\!States. Theytookonestepnowonthesideofevery frame, there could not have been a more generkl by inviting the emigrant from Europe, the exiled poor tering it in my notes, I found that I had overlooked the adjacent streets.moment some oife proclaimed the arrival of Mr. 'Company No. 23, but they refused to heed his change to the policv wliich rules the Republic. Tihne -but it did encourage all the order and the interests of society, of w-nidi the Statesbut when I came to the vain to find any article of human raiment thatand pressed around him, and it was with difficulty that he made his way through the crowd. As he de-selves at that potot, having their fire-caps on, and as the procession defiled by them it was met by jeers andit as the result of a natural law, and as, there- fore, an element of confidence and strength, rather;;gard— Protestant, or Jew, or Greek, or Gentile no matterMEETINGS.The anxiety to get positions inside of the building,within sight and tieartog of the distinguished Senator,carts and wheelbarrows made at New-Haven and sold here." [Laughter.] Fellow- wildest pitch of enthusiasm as Mr. Siwabd advanced insomuch as the cost of transportation was great, and citizens, this is not a reproach. It is not to view. It was a spontaneous outpouring to which the voyage hazardous, they declared that he might spoken reproachfully, it would ill become me to socertainlyfrom its misfortunes and disasters. But when a city KiKO and coining later, but not unworthy of the no- Win theyunseasonable hour,everywhere on theAndin Mr. Gadlsen. of Georgia, saying this,extends its dimensions so far on all sides as to makeJohn W. Faxscisof the City of New-will secede and dissolve thewe proposeto do which they require us not to do? WhythebrilUantiy gu°ed'wUh%eopOInee of tile jnost prominent of these wasilhehoSseofMr.CROwLzfonBedford-avenue The wIde-Awakeswerem the best of spirits and werethe State its suburbs, and, whendustry of the country..«TAND NO. 3.uminatelThere can be no doubt therefore, that as a matter of fact the Southern Democracy aim at thesUil extending further,demand.city gates, feels his patriotism, foris just what the Constitution soys we may do. and in-by frequently cheering,what is going on as one who lives in the midst of the was finally Introduced and established permanently '"ITHE TORCH-LIGHT DEMONSTRATION.Slavery Popular Sovereignty.repeal-Englishman,Invited him to come:Wagons,his arrival to pay the expenses of his transportationthe torches were ernment shall provide for its increase, that It shalltook one other broad and liberal step, and that was, they de-their torches. F'naUy, however,recovered from the assailing party, who were driven hack the sheer force of numbers. The policeextend and fortify its power,—that it »hall give itto this free land from his native soil.Theysayploy their masters, [cheers,] the manufacturers. Thisthey contented themselves w ith standing-room in thein the citadel of the Republic, and ac- very"wait a little longer," and persistently refused to occupied, unsettled, national domain, upon which all reason is not in the nature of Slavery and Freedom,— shutit butin ofnotal- '* wait a little longer." They said they had waitwl the future States were to be erected they up relatively, themselves, the injusticewithout creating a de- of labor in the Stales from which they aresided, spoke:Slaveryinto the Territories.the fittw'i'ii' of this Metropolis, who meet daUy on by violence not by measures in theCity,and who are found at night in the political yearas in the year 1800 every twenty-eighth personPoMEROT,by Smith, onMarshal, Grand streets,est and an eimal pride in the proqierity and greatness lowed in the same policy. But six more—ble association,York. [Applause.] The thoughts of these enlight- ened men, then called speculation and Imagination,theyUnion if «e do not. What then is itbyprostratedin-a'ni'mLThouseswereand there have since been completed aU the greator the nothree men, man which they prefer. [ Laugh-At the Northand Joseph CtNTta, Mr.most heartUy welcomed, tile sterner sexreopeningthoroughfares of commerce, fromwiUsofter sex expressing their sentiments by wav-the St. Lawrenceand to the Lakes. And other StatesFrakhhiimir, of theEighteenth Ward,and Dr.and theor a German, or ait a element of oar socie- maUng paramountagainst slavery and slaves then and forever. [Ap- lowing iiicm to establish slave territoryslaves toto the Territoriesand they are plause.] This is what -the Federal legislative au- going to say next, as they logically must that Mi. SiWAan at length was brought forward by Mr. thority did. Hear now what the States did. The should reopen the African Slave-trade,and wanted to hear Mr. Szwasd. EvaaiB, and, after the thunders of applause had sub-as follows8FIZCH OF HON. W. H. SEWARD.;long enou^,ficiencyWide-.^wakes. Accustomed as her people have been taken—and that deficiency can onlybeNew-York to Bayter and cheers.] Is there offence in that ? That anyeverywhere manffe.sting Uieir goodof their movement part generali?;reat;andty. They have used the Federal Government to pro-llieyprize of commercial greatness and glory was equaUy and so funiisli a supply for new Slaveto the parade of small bands of these auxiliary politi- cal organizations, they were nevertheless taken byThewise—1 had almost .«aid, and 1 will say, thethe extensionone cani?o be done practically "' »*°Van Brain spoke in demonstration of the local na- tainly an inhabitant of the suburbs may justly feel is the necessary element of national greatness. wards every State. Towards freedom, at least. If it ture of Slavery under the Constitution, and showedstands common consent for town and bycountry.dom enfeebledtheState,andthat Slavery ciples,must be to- elevated, equal, just, impartialSiai-t-trade, and leave each State to settle it for itself— then we would want no protection. Give us ad eqnal chSDce. and the institution of Slavery wiU take care of itself."[Cheers.) And nowimpossibility It for the future of New-York. I,and what l^eythv oannot consQtutloa-teenth-street,Light Brigade charged downtoUiroagh Eighth-street Bi«adwar,constitutionally,myself, when I wjis even older than some bearded ally do cannot be done. [Chetfs.] Besides, who areIn the spfrit of such a pride in the City in which we sUnd a? a patriot may feel, IBNMENSE GATHERING OF THE PEOPLE. piriltieal questions of the canvass In their relaUons to tomb of the Potter's Field, and what is now Wash- United States, chosen by thefr fellow-citizens, as, if to Union-square, they moved In lines of linked lightMetropolis. [Cheers.]Fifth-avenne,hearers before me, sought recreation and rest oat of these men who are destined to commit theee uncon- down Broadway to Canal, throogh Caaal to thehaU hope that I can speak profitably, if I treat of the the City of New-York by hanging around the open stitutional aggressions ? They are cltiiens of the Bowery, then up the Bowery and Fouitt-ayeBoe Great Bepa1>lleaii Bally atof the country. In the beginning of ington-square. I think a vary aide and ingeidoos not altogether the best, yet from the best of every partBochester.SPEECH BT HOH. HENST J. RITWHIII*gllTEST EITEN8IIHI OB DISSHOIthe Metropolisour history the City of New-York was as unconscious. writer in a-moming newspaper yesterday ^Sad my of these United States. Are they leas likely to be longdrawn oat. Torchlight proceeslona are no nov- attention to a fact that to a certainty, established try honest, and just and wise, and prudent statesmen elty In our streets of late, and so often have theyoflU then future destiny as the country was ignor-WILDLY ENTHUSUSTIC RECEPTION. ant itself of the destiny of the City. At the beginning and fifty years, the popuUtiooof the United States will who have heretofore been chosen to fill the same rut Men gather like moths around any species of il-demonstration, that within a tieriod of one hundred than the men selected from the same constituency been described, that one's pen neeessaiUy runs in aof this century It was a small lavvlnclal town. It be W0,000,000—that It would surpass China. I laces? [Applause.] Aye,theytellusthlsllerubllcan lumination, and a torch and a tar-barrel are all that doubt not his figures are accurate. What, then, ?arty is driven on by enthusiasts, and madmen,had just lost the seat of the Federal Government. lU is It to be fifty years hence ?—for it Is to be a gradual and fanatics, and that these will control instead of is necessary to bring a crowd into Broadway. It iswas all Included in a sloop nav-igation from New-York Bay to the Over- hundred years—is to be the macnttnde and the p<H>u- Ucan Party that next Tuesday Is to elect Asaa- to a sea. and to say tiiat It billowed^ witheiMillon,What aBIS 8PBECH AT PAUCB GARDEN.TKe Political Issuee of the tion of Long Island Sound. Public- spirited great Btatfc of New-York and of the United States in jority of the American people? If it Is less ping the marine metaphor, we will compare it to a,p«y 9iaeiM8«d.bad then recently enjoyed in oonaeqnenoe of Its Iwing the Federal eapRal. They concluded that It was use- less to try to make a commercial City on New-York Bay, because tlM eommeree of the caat^try was des-Its legitimate result. This commerce is to be soon notmerely a national eommeree, bat the comnwroe of thethat has tolerated the Oovemment in the abuse of ConstitattCHial powers, out of tenderness tothe ScnthbtfEulsil Btwggle of Thonstndft to fct Vittift ieariig Biitaiee.Mm.TZTTn>XU3 AT OTBER STAITDaBRBHllED DISPLAY OF WIDE-AWAIES.Buc^ an ezuberanee of enthusiasm as wel-eomed Mr. SiWAas at Palace Garden last eveningkaa rarely, If ever, been equaled by the reception ofWedneadafInland navigationprogression.hundred years hence—only a beingresfrained by thefrassociate*. This Repult- customaryon these occasions toeompare BiMdwayat Albany, together with the naviga- latton of the City of New-York? Take Into view only BAH Lmcoui President of the United States, [en- but last evening it did not resemble a sea so marn as slaugh one agency—two agencies,—the eomblnation of the thusiastic cheering,] what will it be but a ma- nsoal, nor did It billow so mnch as formerly. Drop-citizens of New-York cast about to see what they Inoreaslng theb own greatness, and the xreatness and than that It cannot elect anybody, and if it elects any- could do to continue fiie prosperity which New-York glory and magnificence of New-York City follow as body it will be precisely the same American peoplecornfield. It seejned" On* Blghtj nuaxe, and all withoot a plan."Mencncroached upon each other's corns la an In-RefUatioii of Mr. Tancers irftmtata*and the wise men of the day, after caatiag around for all other resonices, finally concluded that this Island, upon which we stand, was exactly the best spot in the wnole country lor the establiuiment of schools, which by bringing In papUs from large por- tions of the surrounding ooimtry, would make a taleiahly fair town of Manhattan Island. I do not kmw whether the experiment was attempted, but if it was, there is no doubt that New-York was soon distanced in the race of education by Princeton and New-Haven. I do not know whether the people of New-Jersey and the people of Connecticut tiad bet-tain tliose principles as I have already shown yon,moved along as all its predecessors have done this— denselytined to be enjoyed by Boston and Philadelphia;no action of the Government in unoon- involves " anyandcontinent of America. lDeeaBottaByoattaatth*|iort-for foibearbigwhich the commerce of the etmtlneot of enjoysAnwri-[Cheen.]It will be asstlU as It canbe,meetingin Coiinthiin HaU on alargennmber weieoUiged to eoa-exactly a<_^Jtaw k«T« gone on hither{a.~to leave Slavery to be giadsally, peaceably circum-scribed and limited hereafter, as It has been hitherto,and to leave the increase of our own white popula-tion, and the Increase by foreign Immigration to go to use , the best arguments to sustain Its cause on just exactly as they are already going on, and to that it has. We give them the arguments which terqualificationsforInstructingtheyoung,butImust leavethecanailsandrailroadsinfulloperationasthey havebeensubmittedtoyouso oftenhere,andwhich are, and to leave your systems of education and tol- have attempted to renew to-night They give us inwasAfter a song from the Glee Club, Bon. Hsubt J.confess,that the Scotch, the English and the Irish schoolmasters and the Dutch, which New-York City then employed,— Denunciation and tlireatto your glasses, but I do know that men arguments they have. [Great cheering and laugh- senting itself to the gaze of observers as a veritable disposed to discuss the political Usues of the «-—mQaaenroomtowedge,inanotherfinger. Seatswerei^ored littleandcaredlessfortheCityofNew-York,yet, tothePresidency [loud prolongedcheers]—and feelingandsympathy. Forwedoexpectthemto cereal,orItsequivalent\as the pressure from the rear and the sides increased,antU the undulating surface of sweltering heads re-sembled a vast measure crammed with well-ripenedfruit. The room was tastefully decorated with the Falls of Cohoes. Any one could see thatable, and honest and reliable man, Absahah and hear with — and Liscoln,patience,with kindness, with fraternal fortable and lessflags and gaily-colored posters announcing the names greatif this great region should t>e peopled withef Bepublican candidates, and, set off with the stars free men, intelligent men, and if its settlers could bcfumlshed with facilities for access to this, and stripes, the following Inscription appeared at the the only seaport witlun the State. The United Statesnow—[cheers]—and who will do more than that: these threats have lieen renewed ringing yotmg crying Hi, aye twenty years, hi," until thefr voices became low, from the othertack of the back of the stage** As long as God allows the vital current to flowowned a still greater domain,domain of New-York, stretching to the Mississippi river, and l>ounded Norih by the Lakes, and South bychangeseat:lyingedicts of Presidents and Governors, there are judg- may threaten, but he never knows what he will mettie—of their opposite neighbors. The most un- ments or pretended judgments of the Supreme Court, do when he is sober, as all the world knows that no kind remark offered was that of a Wide-Awake Cap-and centre ofGovernment ofhands of a sectional to that of thethrough my veins, I will never, never, never, by word the river OMo. Everybody did see that the United[laughter and cheers,] wliich have a tendency sober man can tell what he may not do when he is In tain" Let the fellows said he, " poor groan," theynatural and[Applause.] OOTIBU.sold here." 1said,with Mr. Evaktb and others, was drivenhim with violence. afterwards, however, they disappeared, but almostcaused the hall to be compacUy filled before 7 o'clock sell his labor which he should perform for years after i'peak it. But it Is thefr system. They employ slaves, P. M. .\s the crowd poured in and found that thereown inherent tendencies to decay. And freelyupontheheadsoftheWlde-Awakes.ofwhom against demandatourhandsthattheFederalGov-that he shares in all the pride and in all the glory of 'Among the great men and great statesmen and pa- must be tolerant of Slavery. [Applause-] But they the futility of any other policy than that of Its limita- i^i:?lSnti5Jr^^s?/of'^;5^er;;^;;/i|^SSthe as he City,is seldom triots of that early period, were Christopher Colzs, to tell us that If we do not concede to their tion by law. Mr. Fairman spoke for half-an-hour, altogether exempt Haultoii, Jat, the Cujitojis, Toupxws and Rnres Sreomcaemelds they will secede and dissolve the Union. showing that we may have the /orins of a Republicanit country filled the age In which they lived, and they projected. is simply to vote for the man we prefer over thett embra",es the most remotewithin its suburbs, Uien he who liveswell as he who resides within theheart warm with the impulses ofthe town and the country have become one have continued the work nntU these sarne chaiinels somuch as there must necessarily be dlffereuces of SNOnORABS.regionsof theoutside, asof the African Slave-trade as a nee—•'-excitement of the town or capital, upon the principle in the City of New-York. Here, fellow-just thought ""*• ^fter a teriJd of only sUty to commit the aggressions attempt to commit his hand,incur Citywhich Oie old Cynic abandoned in disgust.inaggressions upo"nthatif tfand'alittlefurtherbackyouareapt citizens,Ihavitoldyouinthesevervfewwordsthe well,"wesay, butisitnotprudent—isitnotreason- you whole foundation or all the theWtate of able—to wait for them to be elected first and thtnWe are told that Diooesis once Indulged In a solusVeryte see about as well. I certainly have so prosperity of or for an honestvUhln a few weeks past, when I have seen v.»T;n^^ '.'*"*'''' them! [Applause and laughter.] Thev answer,lasthave thought that at the Brooklyn Navy-yard. They will be putvention ratified the proviso, and the peop'«.~!!fn;„7President uader cover and vlrtiie of thatby the Wa*e2o»M»TMthe " rural districts " of distant Counties, andwhirh now Vn^V^H P^y'^rity committed we shallof Uie Court--Sr what Is SupreiMeven of as States,of New-York ;"millions ^a^ndww.l h'therons, reporting""^"^millions,countsthirty ter,]andIfitshallbe miiuons,- which have established In ihp ritv of come so much demoralized thathavebe- cannot resist af-theoneeraandcrewswellonthe21st rived at Panama from Callao, and announces the. par-provincesUtis opinion bycislon-uSt tbe peopleNew-Yorkinsurrection and disunion in distant rural districts.ly adapted to the commerce inland, ofhave been fortified guest to the upper partm^«^"' p^Se^echoingthe sounds and alarms of sedition,any other and a capital,surpl* ingX' foreign coiiimeVcJ sli?r,r,rl onI know theirFor to mecountry In which there are no provinces,—least of all(ap-nothing is more plain tiianshotspurUeusPoP„8ovlrelgnty nullifiedSow caU to ro ud the »=''^„»^ed ^^^ m theany provinces which owedistricts,strikes back will be able to recover hisin Us conclusions, nie The corvette Brooklyn was at Aspinwall, all well Convention,: w;^"'';*''?,,'jmd «PUd^<^^-„,,^ maioiityof the CommHteeon-New-York«onstry in which there are no rural:that ttlmtls— philosophers ancient poets sung, and wliichwere Wlde- simply vigilanttheSavannahhadsailedforNew-York alltheother ;vesBcls were crulstog."That it;and,onis a near or^'e1So"nTwa^'a^t1urn«Urfect:allegiancethe other hand, that thishave said onceived,You have told me ofUmes sooner thMihewho i«rikeshave been Awakes, desirousThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069that this Is a to the Cltv ofthell^^lTJ'^ population of four millions, and a " to wait for thethefr vessel to a fewthe journals of, this Metropolis talking ^of fhiT,f,JS!,. ^^^''L"S "" the other Stotes, as well as No;overt act, be-takenupdays.concession to Then came popular right clal'ned to; Shall we the question whetherwithout itsclasses in a state of dependence,TMuJe^o?^thewe cannot afford>,f the United SUtes, cause that overt act may never be committed, [laugh-Uie search boardly to one inJtEe world.zens. If, Instead of being now before citizehs of (mV^.tronolis of this great Stote of the United Staie?^. SS also that he that waits until an overt act is committedtold this story to a stranger in a foreign land, hewouldand theCityHall,Constitutiongoes. Thus ^^"""f. {'ijr-''TM'"that happy R«pubUc which the ancientmistaken overt act Is committed. CCbeers.) But illuminated genUemen[ApplfuscTs^refy, Muw-clS' thefr mlrit their courage DlauseTl and I know enoughand their chivalryof human nature to know\icinity severalthev orocMmofthemselves.humanity,of the Roman-candlenor approaching wiUiintial setUement of the dispute between Mr.us aftertheyareelected.""Naval iMelligeaee. edon thepleaof!aw ay.'freetrie shock permeated the intricate ramifications of labor. They encouraged free labor by federal laws, inspect the matter a little more minutely, before en- Palace Garden succeeded in squeezing itself out into tostantly returned with a reinforcement of their tion, existtog by virtue of local law, temporary to ItsiSU*eand to the States,a period of tltf years.sane desire to as near the curbstone as getand little tteys, with an utter regard of thefrpossible,IVem Ike XochrtterDrmocral, Kov. 2.Theca, commands at once the commerce of the globe and maintain the principles of freedom, ai>d to m^- palings while the procnslon passed. "Tbejirocestion evening was large and enthiisiastlc. llie HaltinaYou have now seen what is, and you have seen whahas produced it What remains Is to consider what isneedful to secure that future of the city, a« well as of stitvtional mode. But they tell us that you are ar- hind, and an ahonnding smell of Iwd kerosene every- tent themselves withtheconntry. for which you as well as myself are nec- guing only upon reason," What we fear is, that tlie where. Roman candles were burnt with an utter <as-teight exhalation of the evening, to be seen no more of men."And lamp-posts stand beneath the hanging eaves In ftllen. sorrew as the torches pass.Grieving—If aught Inaaimate e'er grieves— ThatkeroseneshouldshametheCitygas.With banners and with badges, torches and trans- eration to stand on the basis thev have already at- return what? Well, parencies, the Light Infantry of the' Republican army tained. [Applause.] There, if you please, is what I these are not a very effective, they are not a very defiled through the brick gorges, terrible as an army understand by Rtpublicaniim. ['Tremendous ap- logical form of argument but they are not to be with torches—an occaslonal torch, however, extm- plause.] I do not know what complexion it wears blamed who use them for that—they are all the gulsbed by the rude breath of the passing wind, pre-may call It black, or green, or red. ter.) And what Is it our duty to do ? To tlireaten lucut a turn luenuto. Midway in the procession were There is the whole question in this political canvass. back agsin ? To fulminate menace for menace and borne several lusty ears of com. It may i>e remarked There IS no more, if you elect that eminent, and denunciation for denunciation? No: but to listen that Democratic demonstrations have moreonlyaplacetostand ahoot tke—ful to be done but to leave things to go on Just ale, and they wiL go out of tlie Union, reason or on above the less pretentious tpyroteclmics, to meet wbhessarily andnaturallyandjustlysoambiUoos. What Sonthfthe SlaVe States, will not listen to reason. regard of the present poverty of the Pope, whUe oc-it dear > are excited, they are disturtied, they are passioii- be, ra,y friends? What caift be that is need- Theylike a State and a great nation that thought if. as I am sure you will during the course of the hear our arguments, and our arguments are much Passing the rooms of the Young Men's Republicanbe supposed to s)rmpathize with the coarser feature*Init who aregreatdeeply, they thought long and they cared wisely for themselves. The State owned a broad region, rich in forest, mineral, agricultural and manufacturing re- sources, lying south of the St. Lawrence and west ofof aicalaims and more elevatedfelt no such toclinaUon. The contest was too grave and serious for suchwere too important, the results sought were toe mo- mentous, to be discussed in any but a sober and a se- rious mood. For it is not simply a change of adminis-next four constitute the United States Sen- years, youharder bear than topolitical contest, gatherings solely byled to attend polit- regard for its hi(iter is beate with a majority like liim,election establish the House ofand at thetheirs. [Applause and laughter.) 1 do not think these threats before election ate evi-forUnion Club, directly opposite to which are the Head- quarters of the Natloiiai Union Club, a very good op- portunity was afforded for observing liow opinionstheiraspirations. But, iiut,tpirveessenotn the same have then doRnepresenta-[applause,]actly ttds: you have elected men who wUl leave who dues intend to strike a fatal blow does not giveespouse to the numerical cheer of the Wide- sharptreatment The iasoes larelred1a and flourishing State must arise here Slavery in the United States just exactly where it is notice so long beforehand. [Laughter.] And for ten, Awakes, rose huizas, men "dences of revolution or disunion after thechange all this thing, to put Slavery over into the does when he is cool much wiser things than those he and to the and conduct ofWiil,fcMew siMnnsLoEEBso by Ely, Esq., Chairman of the Repotdleaa Cen-tral Committee, upon whose motion Saatin, P. Att»»*'}esson, right or wre^r.very differently of the South, as I do of the North, The election of a Chief Magistrate of a great Republic of thirty millions brings every party and every interestelection,basis, you ju st ex- the simple reason that I have always found that the man differ in politics. While on one side of the street, inwho will leave freedom in the United States, and in the same language and in the same form, about shot sibilant sotmds and groaning and gibmg. Butevery foot and every acre of the public domain, which the first day of November, every foi r years, notwithstanding the party feeling no collision occur-is the basis of future States, just exactly as It is now. when it happened to come before the day red the minute-men kept the peace for an hour, nor tration that is—but aimperial iMwer. The control of the;just west of the [Cheers.] There are laws of Congress, there are of the Presidential election. A man intoxicated did the Wlde-Awakes attempt to test the mettle—BeU-impendtogI only state aFree States again—[" Never !" Never 1"]—and to meditates doing when he is in a heated pas- part to it 'The length of the procession was variously R., when 1 say that during the past sixty year* of ourto concentrate that commerce here. To make this Is needful to do, is to take care that no more such laws, pect them to do ? Why,part of the evenmg, from the Astor House to Palace Garden, devolved upon ttte "City Wlde-Awakes," and a more trusty band of men could not have wellthase within shrieking with pain at the increased pres-sure. Heaawhile, the music was finally heard amidthe uproar, and the ladles, favored with seats in thegallery, viewed the exciting scene with evident appre- no iMidy at that day proposed K cwqner any addition- been prosecuted so long and with so much and they had told liim Doi)ai.AB claims that he is avenue, landtog him safely at the entrance in Fif- devel(H>ment of our national growth, the Sooth lia*State and this great nation it required legisla not any exercise of power or of force, but onlyno more such edicts, no more such judgments or pre-'great tlon ;purpose of increasing the greatnessnattaal-yal- given by Sonthendmen, and ha* ateeAat the protection of Southern totaests. In the BatBialit was but the other day, in the State of Michigan, that a citizen asked me what I thought of the State of New-York. I said I thoughttenped judgments shall be rendered. Why, then,aild wise legislation to direct and invigorate since it is so simple, shall we not go on in the same it was sure for Liscouf. He said to me, then, that been chosen. They convoyed the distinguished Sea-icyhas beenproperthe existing social forces iinnMgwhich was begun 'of our own. opposition. Why, bless my soul, [laughter] didthem. Therefore, wayour fathers, and which has DocoLAS had just come from the State of atorthrough Broadway, Fourteenth-street and Sixth-byal Territory, or to subjugate foreign nations for the success ? They tell us that we are to encounter going to carry the State of New-York." "Well," teenth-street, without encountertog any illustration of come to be the mtoority. She has beennot be built in New-York upon the basis of a popula-Slavery,il"said friend, how can I help it if Dodo- the "I, "my good " irrepressibleparts of the garden—the mass still pressed towards the ^ inhabitants, and of these, every seventeenth made men for but to encounter and overcome opposi- I : "I certainly cannot answer for what Mr As the procession was passtog down Broadway it no sympathy, since she thus of her own choicewas an African slave. There were tion arrayed against us in the line of our duty. [Ap- DoroLAS thinks ; but now, my dear, good friend, will isolates herself to the spotwhereMr.Siwaxdwastospeak.Mr.D.D.Ee»rstohneUnitedStatesonlyfourmillionsofplause.]Butwhencecomesthisopposition?Whatyouallowmetoaskyouonequestion?IfMr.Dono-wasgreetedwithcheersfromanumtierofRepubli- Confederacy,andassnaes CoROvam,at twenty-five minutes past seven, stayed the people, and of this sum halt a million were African is it? I have already alluded to the fact that fifty LA8 is running for the candidacy of the Presidency, cans who had stationed themselves to front of the the position of sectional antagonism, to toterest andslaves. Everybody could see that a great State couldyears ago, when the seven Northern States abolishedand if he is canvassing for himself, and if you ask Headquarters of the Young Men's RepubUcan Union, to sentiment, to the rest of the Union, she must yieldhim whether he thinks he is going to carry the State Stuyvesant Institute. "The meettog-room of a Bell the supremacy she has so long eiqoyed, and give opof New-Y^ork, when it is necessary for his success and Everett Club is on the side of the street, the Government to those who have bacome the ma- that he should carry it, what else can he tell you ex- oppositecept that be thinks he will ?" [Laughter.) So I do and some of the members took umbrage at the demon- jority, and consequently the Constttutianal repreaen-in the same and way, theydeclined toand adopt the policy of the day and of the age, and having retained Slavery, and the world found out just about the same time the usefulness of cotton as a fabric or material for human clottiing, and an inven-interestacceptticians think they are going to dissolve the Union, but made the manuractiue of cotton I think they are going to do. no such thing;and Mr. Faixx Suraxan essayed to read lists of Vice-Presidents and Secretaries, but the audience anticipated them, went it blind, and adopted the listsed to an exclusion of European freemen. There was cotton to be a political duty. Did anybody Interfere tice, no faltn in truth, no faith in virtue. I am not im- disorder. The crowd made an effort to rescue this was made expressly for such easeigeudea. B pro- undertook the most difllcult task yet—the reading of a bounty and bonus upon negroes, and there were ex- with that homage ? Did anybody complain of it ? willing to see the members of that class of the man from the custody of the policeman, who, how- vides distinctly for iuch change*,—whenever thea basis of only four millions of souls, and that at thattime the element of increasing force was the increaseof African negroes instead of white citizens, as wellin the State of New-York as in the United States. The easy.strations of applause and applied approbrious epithetstion was madewhichto theRepublicans. Finally,several of the Fusionnot doubt but that these Southern statesmen and poli-tives of the National Power. The minority have ttieir rights under the Constitution,—and those ri^its are to be held toviolable but the of to BOtclared, by laws of unlfonn naturalization, that the IS but an illustration. The principle is the same in ofpetnheamreaoftiie Gcalorsden, tthoe tlhaergdeororasndandewnisnedropwasr,t came buyp soon after the fight ocuurred, but did not cept its law asthelawtohfe the AmetroiecxatnenUdniIotn.totTohtehyefreeman immigrating into this country, from what- every department of industry and manufacture. Now pres.sing uparrests. demand at our hands rightmake any Territories,—to add new Slave States, and thusline of march had been passedAfter the designatefdormed itself into an escort for Mr. augment its poUtical power in the affairsever lanu, should, after sufficient probation to estab- the Slave States not only build no great cities, butthrough which tliey could obtain anoccasional glimpseLincoln and Hamlin Campaign Club was introduced, lish his character and his be admitted as a build no States, compared with these of the speaker, or catch a possible" sentence from nis"took one morewas a good time coming," but obstinately refused to rest," and that is that they shut up the whole of the un- continent with .Slave States. And they say that theprepared,en each of the three sides of the Garden, where meet-tor House, where heretired amid vociferous cheers.bodyliigCoast of Africa. I know that the design toThey appropriately choseing, Boys." The audience was satisfied that thereimilie same footingwith the native born. more effective than all themultiply and replenish the continent with Free States,w as and begunnuml)ersThere's a good time com-loyalty, they great Not a foot ofover the procession and to Its Seward, and conducted him to his quarters at the -Vs- of the Confederacy,— augmentswell—in it, too, whether Free State or Slave State, <listinctlon, and that is, the Free Stateswithin the inclosure large onespaceto while away the weary five minutes with a song. citizen of the Republic ana of every State States was unoccupied. Three stands werethese Free States. There is one other lips.tiie Save-trade andby importation from thereatorehe defined thefarts ;—is it' reasonable to concede to it ? Chicago Platform, comparing them with the positionsought by tlie thirteen States. Seven seconded the States. The opposition is founded upon tliese eners, whilegreatdoctrines of thepiouspulley of the Federal Government, and atMjhshed We cfannot concede to it unle.=s we are willing to occupied by the Bell-Everett Party, and denouncingwithout Uie oOier. In whichattendedthis effort, and{heymadetois1donotstatemerelythe""««"<:««,of"lJeadingfull of it. a night;Itwouldsurprise,1doubtnot. Slaveryfromalltheirborders.Notailatonce—not wTecktheprosperity,andgrowth,andgreatnessof withgreatseverity,theschemesandthreatsofthethe1 -only repeat argumentFsoow-oiiuias — confiscationbut took sucli our theyof our State and ofour Th-it would country.disunion schisiuatics. He was loudly applauded. Mr.The was or- udcmentprocession and;1800 or thereabouts, that where- seem an end of the argument, but they then resort ton.en-of Governors, Conventions of the Southern states.was aand social circles, if I were to claim that I, whose slave, in 1628 not-one slave was found upon the soil of withdraw their trade from the City of New-York, un-ganizedo'clock, and arrived at its desttoation probably at'Chsmge,kome Is iiiA distant rural district, feel an equal inter- the State of New-York. Six others of the States fol-of New-York. [Cheers.] And yet I know not why 1 determined to they stillterror andmenace. Theytell us that will they—Southern States—declined to pursue that policy, but dictates. Is it best to yield to that ?:the morethey require them to vote3about o'clock} this momtog. If itsby ofprocessionPersons af different points, however, were ableasNew-York Is not amen who had not learned the demoralizing Country. New-York must \>e the metropolis of theSTAND NO. 2.'• ft V have DO Slaves to carry to these Territories. Wetoless she will vote—unless her citizens will vote—at about 8size should be <ioarly when ...-_.... _.na-The City, and ths country around which tional commercial prize. The State of New-York Carolina, any more than it is a province of New-York dresses were made by Elliott F. Shxppard, Thomas matingas their suppo.sed interestenthusiasticLlGAh- and others aplnsloasupsoek.e.Hall, jiIr.MiL-Why, fellow-the same rule usedthein eni- evening,a Slave State wick ourilr.irs. But if »e could.it would not be wise, for thethen surrender ? That involves Governmentsubstance, with the workingwith the announcement that Democrats to greeted toIndiana and New-York stood ready concede theiBere the Senator was for some minutes of intercourse and commerce between the City oi opinion among men, the Constitution requires every The entire front of Palace Garden on Fourteenth- with transparencies, prtocipally lllumlnattog theW• Te"1tori«ha«d«^ andIthinksonow,whenIseePressesin New-YorkastheoneportwhichionewasadSt?:terthat"KSieatlaughter.)WeU,IwUlnotarguenocHvigantgenUemenwithtorchesconfinedtheir ultTheUnitedStalMrteam-frigateLanauterar- rigAttoprohibitSWrr-thatSlaves»an^deP^P<2^wethe latter piirt, for I do believe better of them thanthe fact thatof the City, not looking in theof tiiethiview of the Federal Constitution,fore be carriwi. and must l^was ptrhoe-^^'^febefore herights a thousandbefore anywhy shall we expect that the President, Mr. I4lic«ut,Untitled Documentings w ere organized,androiitinucd witli the inside proceedings. The multi-tude pressed closely atiout these centres of attraction, and listened wiUi attention.Stand no. 1.At stand No. 1 Simeon Deaper was the first speak-er, w ho held the attention of some two thousand list-of Auburn, followed Mr. Drapxr. in a strong address, which was interrupted by .freimentthe Grand Fourth andCol. Jesse C. iout"ernLegislatures^ Indeed, a dele- Uie recent National Democratic met at Charleston stated the caseandA. Oaksteme on the floor of Convention whiecshaidAt Stand No.".; John H. Wuiti presided, and ad- judged by Virginia the fusionExprrss Thursdayrati nivirmakrprettnt naply ofofand isolated from each had, in Its early days, enlightened statesmen- or Connecticut. New-York is the metropolis of the B. Van Bvren and James Faieman. Shelton's Band there must have been at least 25,000 men in linteo. new Territories with the present supply of Blavee, youcompetedoctrine of the times, that virtueritizens,and Free- Continent.province[Cheers.] Her commerce, like her prin-for theor ofdiscoursed occasional and splrit-sUrrtog music. Mr.count from 1,900 to 2,500, and everyman was in fullStand jiftective addresses were madeIt is very easy to see, furthermore, that they propose di^terred New-York and other ef the continentnow man to vote, not for the person someboav Wide- names of the different candidates for office, American this the same onportionsborders of our elvilliation in theWest. else has selected, but the man street was alsfj fiUed with S[>ect8tors and he himselfan escortbut there were none of the to secure object by precisely agencyfrom peaking by the confusion in tlie vastawflence, owing to its crowding forward towards the One thing more was necessary, and that was Muea- refers to have elected. [Applause.] Well, they say Awakes, who had come to the meeting onstand. When they had subsided he resumed.] Fel- tion—education for a free people. The foundMlon ol Slat they must nevertheless ta"ke offence, aniweask of Gov. Seward, and who remained for the purpose three clubs in all, and thefr excellent bearing was the the of the Missouri backedstanding reach theveryflaEs, several banners,— have relied for the extensian atwhich they naverysearch throughAthens,A resuscitated Greek Vmidaliaarrived here Slavery subject only Con- yesterday, and are quartered tution of the United States." The CtocinnstiWm. A. Daklino bya system of and Impar- them why, if this is right ? Why. yes, so far you of him a similar honor when he had finished theme of all observers, and would have reflected ber, by repeal CooipraDilaeknr-clQzens, I have sometimes thought that a man education, equally fair, justtial, among all the classes of the citizens was laid in are all right" say they.""Why, then, will you dis-paywghis sjieech, by escorting hlm^iaek to the Astor House.credit even upon a regular military organization.by a Democratic Convention and a popular eleeflon,win lives in the country could see about as well the City at an early day, and after much attention solve ?" They reply;dissolve becauseSopreme^Couri.We willthat Mr. Li>coik and a Whig Congress will commitand interpreted bya decision of theNew-York,and I will tell -you in a very few words PartyThen the Slave States, retaining their slave labor, why. He who In tills country thinks that were standtog, and calling them negro stealers." among them. [Applause.]Suchproceeded to build up a great interest on the growth this Government and this Constitution can be torn "sons of b—B," &c., seemed bent on tocittog a riot ance of power naturaBy create a distortiance of the of cotton, and when they liad grown cotton, and down, and that this Union of States can be dis- OlEcer Gaoot, of the Fifteenth Ward made an public mind ; and in the countries of the (Hd WaiUrmade it a great materii^ Interest in the cotmtry, they solved, has no faith—first, in the Constitution he hasdrive the rowdies back and towhere Governments are a fixed framework mmta ftatthen fell down before it, and did homage to it. I dotheStates, no faith in the people of the Union, no faithIn their loyalty, no faith in reason, no faith in jus- Wh. H. "Taavii, who appeared to be foremost in tlie oluUon and social aaarafay. But oar Ciaislllailuino faith inno faith in the of the attemptUnion,people so(bund itto arrest a man namedand a fixed would lead to ler- poaitkin, theypresided,for theinen Slavery. Without this, the right to extend Sla^Into the Territories is a mere abstraction—uttorty useless for aU practical purposes.personal comfort and pantaloons, perched themselTes on parkseason apularoffiretxaore, a cloud of tmoke be-filled,entrances.an, I thtek a cardinal discomfiture in mid-air, and " fitil like aAt 7H o'clock the meeting was called to ordercasionallyambitious Wolseyofa rocket rushedThey were men at liberty, like ourselves, American people brought up, so that we may see ever, was enabled to retato hlsprisoner by the appear- changes to national growth and popuhuion may reader:ndnority constitutional majority of the RepubUc.made a rush toward where the" Republicans;right rulingthe Union, faltn in freedom, faith in justice, faith in some heads had been bruised. In the course of the ourselves to them, whenever the emergencies maybler's light twinkline in his window in the gray of the heartily by the hand. Men climbed on to the platform, occurred. About a dozen firemen had stationed them- power, we have nothtog to dread from such a change,morningorthe African slaves.African Slave-tradeSlave States to remove Slavery themselves as soon asthey practically could witliout disturbing the peace and was sold and nothing was made. After trying in scended into the Garden be was loudly cheered. Con- epithets provocative of ill-temper. Officer Tatloe, than a cause for discontent and dissolution.night.city of New-Orleans 1 fotind there that everythingducted by General Superintendent Kiioiidt, he of the Fifteenth Ward, remonstrated with the firemen, THE KBOPENUl'O OP THE gI.ArE-TBADB.took was to prohibit the African Slave-trade, not Im- sign opposite the St Charles Hotel this in- slipped through a side-door on Fifteenth-street to who are said to nave been members of Engtoe With thischangeoftheseat of power must corneawere left the sole judges. Thewas madeI did see a uponnextmediately, but after the expiration of twenty years, scription: "Wagons, carts and wheelbarrows avoid the throng, and entering an open barouche,stepthattheyin New-Orleans,no Africanslave should ever he introduced into the United that is made in New-OrleansI have foundSouth has made Slavery its special and paramount terest. Not content with the position assigned it by the founders of the Republic,—that of a local institu-made and'ranks to the number of thirty or forty, and an attackwasmadeupontheprocession. Theriotersattemptedto t ake the torches of the but away Wide-.^wakes,the latter resisted them, and for a few moments a des-perate fight was to progress. The firemen were tect it, not only agatost assattit from withont, iMltarmed with clubs and wrenches, which usedthey itsurprise,and more thangratifiedat the successine their handkerchiefs. 'The Une was interspersedleast' objectionable character. There were twenty- toto Uie Territories. That was galaed, ymi naan-thestreetsof withalanternin ThemartoeguardoftheUnitedStatescorvette oafdmtihteoTrernrriothoiribeHswerelef"tfreel>ytheKtaontsiaiesCbonUslti^-man. evening might several thousand peripatetics hadon He would We liave news from the Home-and Pacific Squad-Clat and of the Peruvian Government The Narragantett and WaU-street But the resuscitated Greek would other vessels of the fleet had not arrived at Panama.ofprovingthattheywere nottatotogappototed PresidentRATHoini, of New-York, being totrodnced, was re-ofportMr. Ratmond began by saying that if he were at allfromportion of his audience consisted of those who eaanotin thethis country Is about to pass tma ttecharacter and to be checked and restricted so far ashaveto-lodgmentby itsreopentogSlave-trade is sometimesit is a necessary incident of the general system. Their aim is the tocrease of Slavery. They canaot carrythe .AfricanrepudiaJedjBotsupphed by of Uie Importations from saebernoatdo. be a loriecoapleneicnegssity of Slave-trade is thus TheofThe of Congressional prohibitionwasThe peoplethe aotion of the Fed-! www.fultonhistory.com 