 •-'"in*M> BCvW*©« -B-IMl TI1QGQ St&t66I_M_R ftl*C jKUh a—SSV*•* mm ~ajpaj vvuwsHOiVU *tHlt Lg> flaJt • fci iTlOOl B intends to carry on the government according to too principles laid down in the Chicago plat- form and too documents issued under the au- thority of too Republican "National" Commit- tee, the inevitable tondeacr ofhto administrationport of toe black republican nominees. W equoted historical precedents to show that and disorganized. Let him throw off its trifling to the «tfO_ery good*, l * * * * - ^..iNEW YORK HERALD.N1W YORKHER,• in 'mm—T-*J l l l lACADBMTO fMUSIC, Fourteenth•toe*t-^*a*A-or of Thnrk right to know Mr. LinooUib e|Kder8 himself bound to respectwow»i^^W^«»iw*>^*4MWMRMMMf|pMAlWW^moderate has declared intentiontoto the slavethoissffita- Supremeto, rather than change it for the ze-tiottomof aAMC SEMBHT8 THIS KVEKIIW.with the course o f the HKKALD during the last country to make it true as soon as possible. There twenty-five years will remember that our to no man in this Union more deeply interested policyhasalwaysbeenthesame.Wehave nitsfatethanheto,anduponthecoursehe labored to get at the truth as to all matters ofstrides to agricultural. commercial andtrial qualifications, and to thewhich they bring with them, before atative tons o f government can b e made to work harmoniously and beneficially for her. WitatoVKIBLO'S OABDKM, Buoedway - 1WTffTEB 0.ARDEN, Broadway, opposite Bead liCUUXC. _____may now pursue—not the policy he may adoptTH B ATRK,*IW*—.-*At»araLAURA KBBKl'S THKATBJt, S o . $•* Broatway.--have been snbpo—aed to attend the inquest to-day. bgSfkiThe hark La Plata arrived here yesterday from S01ngry minority.If this or that candidate was chosen of the great argument," and, ignoring all party ordefeated,wedidit;ifapanicswep considerationsinthepresenceofthedanger over the country, the HEIUU» manufactured which looms up before hto eyes in such colos- it; in fact, according to the statements of our*.1)WT 'r iA'{.-!'Ff tf"i'*/ %^'^>NDAY, DECEMBER 10.ttwtt.- Boa-n'imultiplicationof oomimintostton between too remote p*r«of her empire, and the diffusion of wfoTatotoi through her newspaper proas to which a rut - impulse has boon given of late—this prop* y willnotbelongtomakingitselffeltinton- action upon the commercial and m^nufactafto interests of the rest of Europe.In awaiting the changes which the increator intelligence and industrial activity of the Eto- sian people must bring about to their poiHtnl condition, H to gratifying to find the govern- ment always in advance of their demands. With a wisdom and foresight unusual inat the head of despotic systems, Alexander and hto advisers seem to be preparing the way for t h e Inevitable necessities o f their futon position, or rather of that of their successoa They are fortunately not of that class of settustatesmen who are content with providing fa the exigencies of the hour, leaving to thenThe Nrw Y o u WKCSXT ttauvu)—California edition—containing the latest intelligence from all parts of theworld,withalargequantityoflocalandmiscellaneous Statesmarkets,andpriceshadimproved100to matter, willbepublishedat nineo'clock inthemorning.he will govern the country according to theviews of the majority, and not to serve the pur-posesoftheminority,allmayyetbewell. Onthe other hand, should Mr. Lincoln walk blind-ly on in the Seward track, turning a deaf earto the complaints of the South and the warningvoice of the conservative North, bis name willmost positively go down to posterity as the in- nese, but not in a supplicatory manner. This is mills and workshops of the country, throwing aSingle copies, in wrappers, ready for mailing, six cents. Agents will please send in their orders as early as pos- sible.The Mows.The telegraphic despatches which we publishthis morning bearing on the secession move-ment will be read with interest. Our des-patches from Washington sketch the proceedingst>f the recent caucus of Southern Senators andgive the plan of action proposed to be pursued.Secretary Cobb's letter to the people of Georgia,It is expected, will be made public in a few days.It is said that hie views are in diametricalopposition td those advanced by the Presidenttar cavalry, which had been repulsed.We further learn that the Allied army was waiting in a hostile position before l'ekin, and that negotiations had been opened by the Chi-Other disastrous effects are soon to follow. First The rebound from Europe foreshad-la his Message. He maintains the rights>f secession, and it is supposed that on causes operated upon the export demand for flour,verse, and make an art of deception. The English ought to have known their character by this time, but they seem to have neglected the study. The Celestials have not exactly theFor this state of things what remedies have been proposed?First The repeal of the Personal Liberty laws.the publication of his letter he will be compelled which, with bad weather, tended to check sales; fo retire from the Cabinet There were rumors in hence transactions were moderate, and chiefly to the do-far combatted the enemy with heroic courage, guarantees to the South, including the exten- one has been lost sight of. Whilst the Southen and their usual skilful b u t dissimulating a n dembarrassing diplomacy has not failed in sion of the Missouri line of compromise to the porta are throwing back on our hands number]accumulating obstacles in the way of their Pacific.invaders, with whom they are now enabled to Third. The appointment of a committee ofvails at Fort Mooltrie, and the movement* of the afloat Pork, with moderate sales, closed dull at $16 76negotiate on nearly equal terms. This is well,rows and gingaUs to oppose to Armstrong guns But what have toe republicans done as a have arriving here, on an average, every weekfrom the secessionists is anticipated. In Florida the people are reported to be very enthusiastic and unanimousforsecession. Lincoln was burned In efflgy at Fernandina on Friday. The Joint Se- lect Committee on Federal Relations of the Legis- lature of North Carolina have agreed to report on Wednesday next a bill calling a convention to de- termine what that State shall do in the presentThe steamship Huntsville, Capt. Post, which ar- rived yesterday morning from Savannah, brought t o this city eighty-six steerage passengers, w h o ware sent bank by the authorities.There was another "irrepressible conflict" row unionists at the South* and on the other the radi.strength, and inspire the patriotic men of all sections with bright hopes for the future. Mr. Lincoln must throw his pledges to the wind, let his party go to perdition in its own way, and devote himself to the service of the whole country. It is Mr. Lincoln's boundon duty to come out now and declare his views. TheIn Boston yesterday on the occasion of a lecture t>y Fred Donglass in Music Hall. There was much excitement, but we do not learn that any beads or bones were broken.Wepublishinournewscolumnstwoeditorials from the Sooth Carolina papers on the Presi- dent's Message. The Charleston Mercury infers from the p otition assumed by the President in his Messageoatthesecessionquestionthatthemili- tary power of the UniteH States will not be used to coerce South Carolina after she goes oat of the Union. It believes the President has done his beat to avert the'catastrophe of a dissolution of the Union. All he can do now is to make the separation peaceable. The South Carotiwian sympathizes with the President in his present embarrassing position. The denial of the President in his Message to Con- gress of the constitutional right of any State tosecede from the Union to met by the question, "Are a people without any redress against ty- ranny V' This, the South Carolinian contends, theyhave, and refers to the text of the Declaration of Independence,andthe Bill ofRightoattachedto each State constitution. The South Carolinian considers the whole Message obscure and inex- pressive. and in moat of the practical difficulties that must arise it sees in it an anxiety on the part of the President to avoid revolution. The portions of the Message oa foreign affairs, duties, tariff, Ac, Ac., are all subjects which concern SouthiRev. Henry J. Tan Dyke, pastor ofthe First Presbyterian church, comer of Bemsen and Clinton streets, Brooklyn, summoned the attentionWho Made t h e Panic—A Retrospective ble. Has the treachery or the pride of the Liberty laws when their Legislatures meet dily in the face, and to make such a provi"Letssfloors are oacupied _ _ _ » "J__5"JaW" da surface was nothing more than the usual conquering people the victory has always been stance to the conservative sentiments by to the stock, by water. " «-_*__!*points—First, that abolitionism tosecond, that its prin- fortable within the Union been promulgated chiefly by miare- any possibility be wiUioutfg| Oh***; third, that H lead*,hi section of the republican tootterinfidelity; andfoorth.alill ;com- ildto the ohief oanae of the strifeHe closed with an appeal for the Union. A full report will be found on another page.of Mrs. Sarah Shancks still remains Notwithstanding the exer- the (*wooer, i-fcher the nor Hardy can be found. The detectives say they were on the track of the car- penter on Saturday night, ban after several hours' search they lost the clue, and waro as badly at aaaeverafflicted mankind.•mediate a n d ssever. Captain Cnftoy reports that a yonng ry. The Chicagoman answering the description of the carpenterentered a dry goods store in Eighth avenue, onSaturday night, for the purpose of baying a flannelshirt. The clerk in the store says he observedblood marks on the man's hands and hat, and thatbis general appearance was Tery suspicions. Itseems hardly probable, however, that the murder.er would allow the blood to remain upon his handsand clothing so long after the commission of the the wi^gf B e vast majority who voted against deed, and hence we attach but little importance the doctrine promulgated at Chicago, or to the incident. There are many silly rumors and whether be intends to follow the examples of stories afloat in connection with the murder which some of Lis predecessors, and belittle his officewe, as before, have _»orformed that duty *o * * beet of our ability.would give entire satisfaction to the South.BuenosAyres,whichportsheleftonthe24thofJ SHELincolntakesofficeunderpeculiarcir- XBW BOWBRT THKATmi, a^wsry.-Mxacaairr's October. By the La Plata we are informed of too cumstances. In the free States hto majoritiesBARHTJM'S AMERICA* aTr/SKCM, gTflw'nf—M'"•""•A-*ittii C m n n -Urate tomoa- VIES, Ae. _ _ _ _ _ _rivals and imitators, we hold the destiniesof thirty-three millions of people in our hands, and wield a far greater power than that of arJjrBRTAKTS' MINSTREIAMechanlCs' Rail, « w y . - B w j w y , soee*. P-JKSS*, *c—Us-»up.Broad-BlewHe: ••HMMpai>n f o r Stone, willMAILS FORdition, for files of Buenos Ayres papers, some ex- South, and take strong ground against Seward, tracts from which, and details of the newsgeneral- Sumner & Co. This number will be increased ly from that quarter of the globe, will be found in as the industrial interests of the free States fail another column.Tte Canard null steamship Arabia, leaveBoston,onWednesday,ft*14one b y one before the intense monetary pres- sure which has only just begun to be feltbrought the wolf to the doors of hundreds of once happy homes.brought to a successful issue.of equal importance, such as the reoiganin- tion of the judicial tribunals and of the previa- cial police, are in preparation, and will also to shortly submitted to the Council. jBut it to not merely to its domestic policy that the boldness and sagacity of the Russia* government call for admiration. Its atti- tude in regard to Italy has contributed at much almost as anything else to the success off > the revolution, by checking the hostile actioil of the German governments. Bat in order) that its reserve may not be attributed to wrong motives, it comes out with an explicit explana- tion, through its recognized organs, of the prin- ciples which have guided its conduct In an- other column they will bo found formulated toa manna* that must give heartfelt satisfactionto all the friends of popular freedom. In ad mitting, even though with a qualification,right of a people to choose their own instita tions and rulers, Russia gives the death bleuto those pretensions which have been the main cause of the wars which have devastated Europe for so many centuries back. Aftei this there is little to fear for Italy, even thougishe should persist in endeavoring to regain bj conquest that portion of her national territor which Austria withholds from h e r b y the io fluence of terrorism.OCR BrRDENS FOB THE WoiTKB.—Iu wniimprat. ing the many influences which will aggravate _ sufferings of the population of our Northenfcwif-»f«HOOLET * CAMPBELL'S MIK8TRBLS, N'lblo's Saloon, ration on the 21st of October, in the presence of large min6rity of the Electoral College, BT-*-W_-.-BT_IO-.JJI SOKGA, DASCSS, Bcau»av_s, *c.- theassembledcitizens. Theeventwaaaoiamuiaed aud of the popular vote of the North.Uiixr PAmciuoit. by a Te Dewm in the cathedral, and at night thereCANTERBURY MUSIC HALL, 038 Broedwny.-Sosas, were pyrotechnic displays and gnat isjoklDga of He has been constitutionally elected, and willPiKU, BCKUtSQ9*B,AC. thepeople. Arevolutionhadoogniieflfnthepro- belegallyPresidentoftheUnitedStates. ButWhile this acknowledgment may be more or of peril and dismay. Before the Colleges ofless flattering, w e have no desire to assume theresponsibilities such power carries with i t dent had met in their several States to cast Wedistinctlydisavow anyconnectionwiththe their votes Mr.Lincoln mighthavehad someMELODEOK, No. 6M Broadway.-Soaos, DAXCES, Bva- vince of Santiago del Estero, but previous to the IK44UU, dO. _delicacy about presenting his ideas to the peo- ple; but now that they have assembled a n d placed his election beyond all peradventure, etiquette no longer imposes silence upon him. On the contrary, it to now his imperative duty, as the President elect, to declare the policy byNATIONAL ACADEMY OK DKflON.-BimmOH 0» *H_ Avrum' Fuse SOCIETV.sailing of the L a Plata the revolutionists had be-COOPER INSTTTCTE.—R_v. {>• IlALT AKl) G*_1SAJ.DI.J .C. FLKTC«XB'«L_CTU_-United States brig Dolpatejrft Buenos Ayres, Octo- ber 21, forborne, via Montevideo and Rio Janeiro. Among the passeafe$prho arrived at this port onno confidence is to be Disced in the party which is to control the executive branch of the government. The republican leaders to-day are distrusted by their own adherents, and cor- dially detested by a very large majority of the people, North and South. A t least two mil- lions of Northern voters sympathize with therity thato f the people o f the North into the beliefFARRINGTON HALL, Yoanera.—Woon's Mimwpts nrBTmoriAH Soaes, UAKCKS, BBUHWH. ac—WIDOW'S board the La Ftste were Commander Page and se-Lincoln, that the South would quietly submit,and thereby induced them to pay no bee I to which his administration will be guided. It is who come after them the inheritance of toNew Y o r k , M o n d a y , D e t e m b t r 1 0 , I860.whose purpose it is to overthrow the institu-tions of the South, which is proclaimed to be and before long there will be a terrible the provocation to the present revolutionary reckoning between them and the fanatics who, condition of the Cotton States, the source ofin their insane eagerness for the spoils, have the commercial embarrassment which nowThe mads for Europe will close in thte city to-morrow afternoon, at a quarter part one and at half-part fire O'clock, to f o b y railroad.TDB%mor««Kwno* ortMi HKIULDwill be published * te the morning. Single copies, in wrap-__iix cent*, ^•es-sw*^ 'The contents of the Euaonux EDITION or res. HZKALD the empire was not definitely known. AccountsUnder these very singular circumstances, Mr. Lincoln, a constitutional governor, who has yet to receive the consent of the governed,We reprint also, as a valuable addendum toour extracts, the famous circular of the bankpresidents who called upon the business mento vote for Lincoln as the best method to avoid country? The effects of the revolution, thuswin combine the news received by mail and telegraph at the office during the previous week, and up to the hour of publication. __________________HAILS FOR THE PACIFIC.BTew York Herald—Calitornia Edition.from various provinces are conflicting—both libe- rals and conservatives claiming the victory. A t Pernambuco, on October 13, the President of the province, accompanied by the inspector of the arsenal and other officials, paid a visit to thethe people, we leave the question as to who made the panic to their decision. For our own part, we have no hesitation in appealing to them for the justification o f our course during1. The closing of factories and the discharge of labor everywhere.2. The depreciation of stocks, national and State, railroad and bank.3. Depreciation in the value of cotton, wool, flour, grain and other products of the soil.morally he has no power whatsoovef, becausethe seat of power is in the people, and the peo- come reconciled, and aQjfwas again quiet. The ple have declared by a majority vote thatpanic-making business. The black republican leaders are alone responsible for the present state of things. They humbugged the majo-veral ©(tier officers of the La Plata exploring expedition, who have completed their labors in a tery satisfactory manner. We are indebted to Mr. B. S. Wallace, one of the officers of the expe-the warning voice of the conservative, inde- his election by a sectional party at the North,difficulties which they have managed to stave off. A s rapidly as it is possible for them to d» so they are advancing in the path of adnuak- trative reforms. In throe or four weeks froa the present date it to expected that the phi for the emancipation of the serfs will be snt mitted to the Council of the Empire atiThere are now on the Atlantic Ooean no less than ten ocean mail steamers, on their way to New York, Boston and Portland, eight being bound to this port and one to each of the others named.Other measumbags, of which 64,000 were'bought for United200 reis since the sailing of the last packet for England.twoskirmisheshadbeenfoughtwiththeTar- dredmillionsofdollars! Butthisisnotall.The cotton market was dull on Saturday, and sales con-fined toSOO a 400 bales, ia lots. Amidst such limited trans-actions we omit quotations. The spinners appear to buyfrom hand to mouth, while shipments are being morelargely made than,usual direct from the South, on grow-ers' account. The chief stumbling block to movements mischiefmakers that any civilized country has in this article, for which there was a fair inquiry, but atowed by the news by the Asia.Secondly. The stoppage of probably all thebids under the views Of buyers, is found in the low rates of sterling exchange, to which may be added the unwil- lingness of holders to make time sales, while business paper remains so difficult to negotiate, except at a dis- count of about 18 per cent. Sterling exchange yesterday was nominal, and t h e highest quotations for bankers' bills were at 103, while produce bills, with papers at- tached, were irregular and difficult to quote. The sameever been cursed with.The President elect should reflect that thepresent moment is not a time for procrasti- nation. With every succeeding day til© seces- sion movement gains strength, and the panic in the North increases in exact proportion to the intensity of the disturbances in the South. Mr. Lincoln must remember that now to the accept- ed time, and if he intends to do anything he must move at once. We do not say in so manythe Chinese understand them. John Bull is the most matter of fact of men; the CelestialsThirdly. The consequent suffering and anar-chy everywhere, but especially at the North,Washingtonyesterdaythathe had alreadyresigned, mestic trade. Wheat was Influenced by the same cir-but they seem to have had no foundation. From cumstances, while sake were Ifeas than those of the day words that a repudiation of the Chicagoof persons who have been in the habit of seek- ing work there at the approach of the seven season, there to unfortunately n o check to toCharleston it is reported that great activity pre- previous, and closed heavy. Corn was dull and lower, platform by Mr. Lincoln would act as a pana- with sales of Western mixed at 68c. a 5°Xc., in store and cea for the evils which now afflict the State,in part to the inui money of the weather, there was little or nothing done to make a market, and the same may be said of coffee. Freights were steady, with a fair amount of engagement. Corn to Liverpool was taken atand shells—the most terrible engines of mo- party? Absolutely nothing. When Thurlowfrom fifteen hundred to two thousand emigrant who, as they find no encouragement to proceei out West in the present position of affairs, liage on in New York,or the adjacent "cities at. their means are exhausted. Thus, besides oailzJKd. s 13>.id., In bulk and ship's bags, and a t 13c. for wheat, in bulk and b^s.s i t e ,down by the republican journals and party The progress of this costly and unsatisfacto- leaders. Individual efforts have been made,ry war—the objects to be gained by which are but what are they? Vermont has referred herposing that he was the President of a party rather than of the whole country, and the effect of this blunder has not only annihilated the democratic organization, but, what is of far greater consequence, it has seriously jeopar- dized the future of the republic.Now, as this evil has come upon.us through the selfishness of the politicians, it is time that we put away from us all such paltry things as party organizations, with their pretended obli- gations a n d their flimsy platforms. We must meet the great issue calmly, quietly, and after the manner of sensible men. In the cottonStates, the secession feeling is, beyond all doubt, Tery strong. The real danger to the country lies in the fact that the South believes that the election of Lincoln is a formal decla- ration of war upon the peculiar institution, and that the patronage of the new administration will bo used to carry oat the doctrines of the Helper book, and thereby create an anti-slaverymanaged to run up the fancies to an unpre- cedented point. Everything looked fair out- side, but to the acute observer there was trou- ble ahead. The election of Lincoln was gene- rally conceded as early as the 1st of October, but still the fictitious Wall street values were maintained. People went o n with their pleaures, their frivolities and extravagances as if the fair weather times were to last for- ever .to one set of barbarians to whom they have an unmistakeable resemblance—the Germanic con-mand for new guarantees. South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Mississippi, Alabama, are now in a state of incipient revolution. Northdeetroyed, and the church building damaged to Uv>« tent of $4,000 or $6,000. There is an insurance on t* properly to the extent of $15000 in city companies Tfc fire, it is supposed, originated from the hot air farn*^ flues.m i IV BROADWAY.Shortly before two o'clock on Sunday morning a cwas discovered in thesecond poor of the buildiDg No Broadway, in the premises of Fisher 4 Abrams factorers of enamelled furniture. The flames extendi tlirough the ceiling to the rear part of the third ft* occupied b y Thomas A. Wihnut a s a gilding shop smoke and heat also extended to the fourthfloor,sad st me slight damage to the property of A. PlageaM,Mathews. Oeo. W . Bull and Geo. B . Afleo, artists. The lossof Fisherk Abranis, byfireandwater,amount to about $5,000; said to be insured. The d*m« to Mr. Wilmut's gBding shop, and also to bis <***< hoking glasses and picture frames on theflrslfloor,,* a:r.ot,nt to about $1,000 or $1,600; iasureaft* $2.0«i Uie St. Mark's Insurance Company. The basementJ cccupied b y Charles Rueaell as a lager bier saloon, ctoa und fixtures damaged bywater to theextentof ab* $300; no insurance. The building is owned by Mr*' ctut; it is damaged about $1,600; insured for $0.0* * the Importers' and Traders', and Bulgers' Insure** Companies. TheoriginofthefireIsunknownatpre*e>broke out in a two story frame buildingat No *> Eighth avenue, occupied by Jacob Van Use as a bua» era shop and dwelling The are appeared te have orT nated between the rear and front bet-flag from. «_t last evening to an elaboratet the Character and Influence of Abo- party among the non-slaveholders of the South.theseinsurrectionistsa r estruggling.• • • swW « U U Ufles> MBSW nawBIl^rwOn*_M CTBwsnsnA In his opening prayer he invoked the ofGoduponUrnaaffaront *_«•ofThe leading m en in the conservative States,Tanneawe, Kentucky and Virginia, agree inthe statomeat _*t unlet, the North repeals thehas the capacity, can stay the progress of revo-escape from the second story Mr Van Lsa* is Insured • his stock and household furniture _ _ » « - _ tithe hW hattan Insurance Cosafaay H » Mea U eet!a_(*da b o u t W ^ h V h u U d t o T i oaauged about $160 said S beinwarea.nan is saoADWATShortly before twelve Cctock - h nightaj«• b r *0,,,l,'seetiesYwf HtotMan. B e took hto 5 _ ? * * • * MNfty bills, and gives theand Fred. Douglass hue,•mm-''''ill ii ' .I»!II'I> nm>n*w—^wwwiiji^ =mmm uj:.jip§!i.i.*,.... .i. fmmmu'.so gradually crush tion; that they willCourt ao that the Dred Scott reversed and the Ft^dwfelt unconstitutional; and thaithe Territories is to be pi ever. The radicalThe Crisisis at last a gleam of'SVZTmm-u tibft aMOulia_4ta_a at it*tfiskmganbrant for the greater part la aasMUf otwjiX.' IB m £T_K Q__^« cultyin applying to them such uniform * < liberal rules of polity as the advanced Meat ofthe a g e would seem to rtrsatinl I t words, aa Russia to at present circumstanced, i constitutional system would b e whollyin anyof d now and for- of the Sumner favor of the im- abolition of slaro- upon which Mr. Lincoln. aoottiMfrto the manifesto of the elec- tors of this Stoto, ttands, was manufactured to of the party,and maybe 'meet the views o f Garrison B e d . What the country has ashine proceeded from a rumor that Jefferson Davis bad received a despatch from the Presi- dent elect, Hating that h e w a s preparing a letter for publication denning hto poatoion upon the questions now distracting too tw o sectionspresentcrisis is, whethera o w s a vWAIXACK'S THnATKB, Bi<0adWV.-alO—* HTTO- would hardly bear perrjsal. Over thirty witnesses ing himself a spoon to ladle out pap to have barked incessantly at our heels. born, or whether he will "rise to the height•mount altogether to a quarter of a million in three million votes; in the Union altogether he is in a popular minority of a million votes. And it is safe to predict that if the electionsal proportions, prove himself a statesman, and save the country by coming out* with a clear and distinct programme of hto views upon the crisis, and o f the action which h e would recom- mend to Congress and the country in this hourconclusion of the labors of the Convention ofBiFe, whereby the province of Buenos Ayres ha9finally become, to all intents and piupeya, oneof the States of the Argentine confederation. Gov.Mitre took the oath of allegiance to the lonfedc-, could be held over again he would be in a potentate the world has ever seen.Files of Rio Janeiro papers to October 24 are takes office. Few men in the world's annalsto hand. The result of the elections throughoutUnited States steamer Seminole, Commander Pren-The mail steamship Northern Light, Captain Tinkle- tiss. The Seminole was to have sailed the same Seward, Sumner, Helper, Greeley & Co.—ifpaogh, will leave this port to-morrow, at noon, for AspinwaB.The mails for California a n d other parts o f the Pacific will close at ten o'clock to-morrow morning.The W a r In China—Renewed Hostilities.By a despatch transmitted to the British real estate.day for Bio, and thence to the Parana river. Ex- he keeps aloof from their counsels and repu- change at Rio remains the same as at last ad- diates their pretensions—in fact, if h e vices—London, 27.90. Sales of coffee from the comes out now and tells the people that 8th to the 23d October amounted to about 133,0004. Depreciation in the value of negroes andthe new President recognizes the fact that heis n o t bound b y . the Chicago platform-thepeople having repudiated it—if he boldlythrows off all the shackles of party, and de-clares himself opposed to the principles of the whole ot our career.strument of the most ignorant and infamousjust what we expected. The British have not yet million or more of free laborers out of em- learned to understand the Chinese, nor to make ployment in the depths of winter.any special credit to ouwelveo for sagacity inforeseeing what any man of Otonwaosi nonce as to subdue. By nil means let the Chinese must have fenrod. And wo only allude to thesubject now in self-vindication. During the last fake faith—the greatest social curse that has few weeks o f toe campaign w o labored withall our might to inform the people of the dangerin which they stood, and for this we wore bit-terly assailed by the black republican journalsn may be here and elsewhere. W e were charged with said n tel graphic despatch published yester- declared endeavoring to get up a panic, and it was freely day from Washington. This gleam of sun-thirty-three in the House of Representatives to garrisonwouldseemtoindicatethatanattackformess,andat$1076a$11forprime.Insugars,owingbutitwouldgivetheconservativemassesfreshconsideringthattheyhaveonlybowsandar-takeintoconsiderationthePresident'sMessage.emigrationfromIrelandandotherplaces.Wtstated thai wo wore laboring to ruin the tradeof the metropolis. It was the policy of the blackrepublican journals to withhold too truth fromtheir renders. It was our duty to lot toe peo-ple know what was going on, so that they mighthave ample time to prepare for the storm. A nd of the country a letter which, it won believed,n otroublewouldfollow the election o fpendent press. Now the Northern people arebeginning to reap the fruits of their folly,exists in two worlds, and the cause of all the present distress and gloomy prospects which hang like a black cloud over the future of the country.havo had "so fine an opportunity to make a a winter of distress and "secure commercial far, may be classed under the following historical reputation, either for good or evil. H tranquillity." And so, placing the record before heads:—Foreign Office from Suez, on the authority ofthe China Mail of October 1, w e learn that hos-tilities had recommenced in the North, in which and industry cannot fall far short of two hun-are, in their dealings with 1 im, exactly the re- where labor is compelled to take care of itself.dern warfare.Weed declared for concession he was criednot known to one Englishman in a million—is Personal Liberty bill to a committee of three own poor, w e shall have weekly added to oca Chicago Platform Xr.1lined b y the Popu- speeches of his adherents, men of the Trumbull daily making the people of England more un- conservative lawyers for their opinion as to its burdens a number of strangers who will exThe Position of tne President Elect—Thelar Vote.The great question before the country re-school, are like the whistling of the wind, comfortable as to the result of the task which unconstitutionality, which probably te a virtual haust all the resources which our public chari which no man heeds. The people demand an their government has undertaken. Many very repeal of the law . Governor Banks, it is said, ties and the benevolence of the wealthy exposition of the programme of the new ad- properly deny the moral justification of the will recommend the repeal of the Massachusetts furnish us with. The prospect presented bjsolves itself, just at the present moment, intothe simplest form. On one side we hare the dis- ministration from the fountain head. enterprise, and all feel that it may entail con- law in his message next month. Other North- these facte cannot well be more gloomy.sequences equally unexpected and deplora- ern States will probably repeal their Personal behooves our citizens, however, to look it stt*cal republicans, with an apparent majority inthe North. Between these contending factionsstands the great conservative barrier made upfrom the solid men of the Northern, Central,WesternandborderSouthernStates.In1850the Union was imperilled from precisely thesame causes which now endanger it; but theconservative no-party m en, acting with thedemocracy,succeededinquietingthestormand placing poor Pierce in the Presidentialchair.Hemadetheseriousmistakeofsup-werefirmathighprices,andtoebullshadcomparetheEnglish,withoutexaggeration, tagthefire.Theorgan—valuedat$2,000—wasu>uf*Glance a t "Wall Street. Chinese government at all merited the humilia- Such partial concessions as these may beLess than two months ago the greatbarometer of American trade and finance, tion and disaster now being inflicted upon itagainst it as Christian men are expected to made here and there. But the republican even though their o w n means m ay becomWallstreet,wasenjoying halcyondays- bytheAlliedforces?Weanswer,No.And party,assuch,havedonenothingasyetto straitened.The country w a s never s o prosperousbefqre. W e owed little o r nothing abroad;the British will have no one but themselves to arrest the progress of disunion. If there beFireslatheMetropolIs.I U IM TWBNTT-TaUnn 8TZBST.blame for any reproach they may incur o r any loss they may suffer in consequence of suchany statesmen o r patriots i n that party i t is now necessary for them to take the initia-About s i x o'clock o n Saturday nigbt a fire was .1 veredinthePresbyterianchurchinTwentythirdstredthe West was gradually emerging from theloadofdebtwhichbrokedownallitsmer- aggression. TheChinesemaywellcallthe tivetowardsthesettlementofthegreatques-people of the West barbarians. W e may tion which agitates the" public mind. The near Seventh avenue. The firemen were prosopUr chants in 1857; the better class of securities whole Southern people are united in their de- work, and after some difficulty succeeded in eiii'Mtu-*Afterbecame satisfied that the election of Lin- coln was beyond peradventure, and then came the question as to the results of a black repub- lican triumph. How w e answered that ques- tion may b e ascertained from the extracts w o havo reprinted to-day. We assumed the ground that the political revolution which would follow the election of a sectional candi- date for the Presidency could not take place without seriously affecting the commercial in-terests o f the country—that too troubles o f too merchants would react upon all other classes of the community, and that too end would bo a terrible panic—one that would tause the man- ufacturers and mechanics of the North to curseStates will soon follow the example of Ten- nessee.a calmsurveyof the whole field w eg— -arsn-ajjiRan— «»aww wsrwajp sa-Sni South new guarantees for the protection of itsofPaultoTimothy, property,alltitsaimStateswillbocompelled thedaywhentheywerecajoledintotoosup- affordsaconclusivereasonwhytheirsuccess South,noEast,noWest" Alleyesturntos>a em^smsn ^a^sai smsw _a_p _a_^ smnbem TwAaWf i bam*oat oa the thirdflooref battdmg Ho. MS Broadway, • _ £ should be deprecated as a real calamity. His- Abraham Lincoln. Hto par.y to demoralized p»d by Mrs. Saaott, aflat*. The wati are under the yobs) worthy of an honor, the name of God and His doctrine beThe sermon was a strong tntt- The reverend gentleman cos-nt akoltttoniamidryproclaimsthatwhereveracorruptversiontoe smooth appoara&ce of things upon toe of the Christian creed has been adopted by a feeble shackles and give form and sub- era in ribbons and B-ainory r * " ^ * 0 " ^Untitled Documentcalm before the storm, and that, so far frombeing an encouraging sign, it waa a most dan-whichf^fiOO, insured for $30,000 to J * _ £ 2 ! " S L _ i _ ^ $6/»«ach:-Mechant«'_s^ w*y,StnyTeeant,Haniiaona»Ji»r-i«^querors of the Roman Empire. They them- Carolina, Louisiana, Texas and Arkansasselves admit that they have as little knowledgeof what they are doing as any Gothic or Lom- may cross the Rubicon. The Governor bardian chieftain, yet they are causing the dis- of Tennessee, one of the most conserva- solution of a great civil polity, dealing out lawand securing material order among a vast po-pulation of intelligent men and women. They question of the day. The other Southern are trying to humiliate the Emperor at Pekin,without knowing how his disgrace will affectthe millions that people the far interior of theempire and swarm along toe Great Wall. Theyare fighting in the dark. The Tae-pings, a classof insurrectionists whohave long been plot- people. They know how to appreciate thebenefits they derive from the confederation, with its railroads and telegraphs, its rivers, its hostilearmies,but itwouldbe thelast tiling canals,and all its inter-State interests, bothting the dethronement of the reigning dynasty of China, are likely glad o f the presence o f thethat Britain would desire, either for her inter- est or good name, to bring about the objects forTheir hearts thrill withwhichNevertheless, she mat be unwittingly promot-ng their cause, and there to n o knowing h o wsoon the catastrophe may occur, for too suc-cess of the Tae-pings could bo consid- lution, and reunite toe antagonistic sections ered as nothing less. Even too spurious of this groat country into one harmonious peo-Christianity which these insurgents profess ple, who in future will "know n o North, n oI (in"'ater, through hto desire to prosolyttao so wottWhether there bo any truth in this statementThose of our readers who have been familiar or not, Mr. Lincoln owes it to himself and to his to her condition. She has to atakopublic interest, and have printed it withoutfear or favor. For this we have been maligned weal or woe. Upon what he will do or not do by the politicians of every grade—"Tray, within toe next few days may depend whether Blanche, Sweetheart, little dogs and all," he will have reason to curse the day he wasafter hto inauguration—hangs his own futureElectorschosenbythe peopletoelectaPresi-The loss already sustained throughout toe country b y this sudden prostration of tradegame in their own hands, but they have thus Second. A national convention to give new cities during the ensuing winter, one importatiare on the verge of it, and soontive States of the South, has called an ex- tra session of the Legislature to consider theNow the people of the South have always been, with exceptions of course, a Union-loving•_'_..• :>'«, 'What is the present critical condition of the>i > HI in inatural and artificial.the historic glories of the Union, and nothingbut a feeling of dire necessity could drive thembeyond its pale. There to one man in thiscrisis of our national affairs, who, if he chimney. Mr, Van Line awtfjonily were sempnllfd •o frailways,increasedfaetiaarm inmeanATIShortly before three o'clock oa Sunday merntag**' ceroua svmntom.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comsay he is;«o M l i a l i g T\M\ T-tf»fr>— i n BIIAII A U W 1 tuUI aiatMonan. Will the President elect seize thethe bloodier for it, the oppression heavier, and the vengeance more pitiless and revolting inanimated.his friendsGreat emergencies prove the ability of the 