 •no i-aM*hionftao rail thein- lorn- rarst ih«w mty eed, innse«if «• t h * B<>»- :•«. a n J bU ach-no "mo.ni-p* OHId pent now :«»>*outthe Icilia We Teat >vt*r,.nte- e it.Mr. a'.lu- ftU," leek- ancy i> t h eanr de-or iahe- In?<3 a vow * th«;ant. it bofor Ind, •ay,alle- We not Iup t, to OSof euaa•wety;" ?lug© itinglike ivil]© na toOIoie'out. So they vested in Congress the power to stop Secrt tai "V " War 1ad made a recomtieodat'on. t alrne,$ni,W'0 was paid out last yeai'aatalariea of Post-Officetiaudt &other, le fire- l much fr, evenD t'aei*tory and Free at the same time. How, now, did ouMADISON, Wis., Thuraday, March 8, 1&60,Simeon Draper of New-York is. here, engv.^ed In man, who isuow in jail. Conley was a witness *inth*idiscliaige of this duty. When our fatherd formed the understood it, was based on hostility to Slavery, and amount. would never again admit a Slave State. Who was thepmsued her. "<be deceased waa-inthe house, and in- terfered in behalf of (>e woman. Ho threw one of tho men down staii-s, a-id the otior drew a knife, aud stabbed Altai}er, who roll dead in hu tracks. The muiderers immediately, fled, aid both cf them, for the, time, niac'o their escape.ifGreat quantities of .reight uro arriving bore, but are leavingi. 5mCo......—Partial returns from Herkimer Co. show Ro-mitted to Congress for acceptance or rejection. its order, and regulate ito proceedings* previous to theTbe present cost of this service is $1,400,000 an- In tbe cessio i from Geocgia Congress did not make any election of a Speaker. prohibition, because they supposed Georgia wouldhundred dollars^On any 6um over and above $1C0 per quarter, and not exceed-ing $4(-0per quarter, 40per cent.On ar-y sum over and above $400 per quarter, and not exceed-i n g $ 2 4< 0 , 3 0 p e r c e n t .NEW-YORK DAILY TitlBtfNl, FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 1860.whentbeycointheir*cholerintowordseversohiss- TRIBUNEafortnightago,.exoeptthatCol,CookeItrade,andthuscutofftheeupplies,thesystemwould fortbe*Jernovalofthetroops. Heclaimedthattbe Bookfor!85fl,pages442and447,n^ow» thatiaNew-YorkCity FOURDAYSLATERFROMEU^ARRIVAL,OFTHE NOVA-SCOTIA**•[By The Arr.fr-can Telegraph Co.'» Linct-Offic^ 21 W . I I - i t ^ST. JOHN'S, N. F., Thursday, March 8,1860. The PteoTr-fcbip Nova-ScotiaD, from Liverpool on the 22d of February, put in here this afternoon flhort ofMonroe Co..- Oneida Co Cayngtt CoErU Co Wdy*e Co WyomingRepub.21but because it wa* not expedient When Slavery ac- and after the 30th June, 186'f'. the following commission on letterRepub. 12puWican gains of Herkimer arjd German Flits—the / nually, but a reliable contract can be made for lessMr. Disraeli's nxrtion for the confederation of Hon French treat}, in a-dvance of dijjeuaaion ©nthe budget, c r e a t e d a w a r m d e b a s e .The result of the vo*e was as foifows: WOT the mo- tion, 230; against it, 203;. majority for that Govern- Tbeelavesin.CarolinaandothorS;aveStatesimported ducedabilltoamendtheactlimiting the liabilitiesof limit tbe number cf Route Agents ax follows: On Railroads ment,63. Thisconsiderablyguaranteesthatthetreaty'after that were owned juit as much as those imparted ship owners and for other purposes. Referred to the where the running time of tho mall trains does not exceed four- will be ratified. een bours per day, not over three Route Agents. And onbefore, and yet nobody contradicted the right of Con- Commitiee on Commerce. - . ontcs of inferior importance, and thoso where tne running time Lord Lucan's motion againtt reducing the tariff, andt h a n $ 1 , 0 0 0 , 0 0 0 . -(for the first), Pougbieepsio and Saratoga Springs SptKlial Dispatch to The N. Y. Tribune.C o o g r e e s d i d n o t p r o h i b i t S l a v e r y h e s a u s e i t w a s a l r e a d ylatter for the first time. Osxctgo (City) Ithacathere. Bnt they prohibited the iioi>or&&»;»on of slaves, hat the inhabitant* may elect all tbe Territ srial officers. On sll nums over $2,400 per quarter, 12J per cent. ,On the amount of postages on letters received for distribution,havegonestrongly"Republican. Christopher Morgan for Mayor of Auburn has 400 and Henry Fitzhngh for Mayor of Oswego has 300 majority—eachW A S H I N G T O N , T h u r s d a y , M a r c h 8 , 1 8 6 0 . A SCARED SOUTHERNER.The Houee was in an excited state to-diy overi n t h e r e i n a n y w a y t h a t h a d h e 6 n i m p o r t e d a f t e r 3 7 9 8 . M r . J O H N C O C H R A N E ( A d . D e m . , T \ . T . J i n t r o - SKC. 2 . A s f a r a s - p r a c t i c a b l e , t h e P o ^ t m a s t e r - G e n o r a l s h a l land Charter Elections thus far indicate that the Republican cause stands very strong in our State.the House was in session to-day, carrying a cane. Anticipation of further difficulty was entertained on both sides, but tbe subject was allowed to pass in silence.Is there anything in this restoration that should call for execration and vituperation?Mr. BENJAMIN wd tire South endeavored to-have that, line kept sacred, but the-Republican party have broken the line, ana obtained territory to the north ofparties that some plan should be adopted whereby tiieGovernment may have its work faithfully and expo-ditiously executed, free from .specula'ion, fraud ami by law, are hereby repealed.corruption. Also, a bill inviting proposals for carrying the entireMr. Bumham of Connecticut delivered an able,off-hand, though well-considered ppcech, in the gard to their own feeliDgj*, I ask tbem to be as sensi-The bill was referred to tbe Committee of the Whole ftive as to the feelings of others; if they were, we would House of Representatives at Washington, on not have had such wholesale denunciations of the Wednesday, upon the Great Issue of the times. people of tbe North as we had daring the first eightdocuments to be printed previous to the commencement of Post-Ofhees and mail rout *s to a-cconunodate tha of the session, so as then to be laid before the Mem-bers, and fixing the compensation for printing them. . . fast. increas>ng population of tho mining region.The bi'l was^iebafed as length, one aide regarding it Nothing b.ter has been received fro in-Salt Lake. I tas interfering with the ccnstitutional rights of the P/es- was rumored at Fort Kearney that the trbcpa at thatweeks of this session. was a successful attempt to show that that party To *he_A.saociated Pre«a.Mr. Burnham was bred a Democrat., and his speechcontumacious witnesses. It is not improbable the enaole them to reorganize an efficient regiment. question will be finally submitted' to the Senate,common law. He, quoted from the derisions of En- glish Courts to show that slaves are not considered legal property. But if slaves were property, we had ho right to take them into the Territories, for the Ter- ritories do not belong to the several States, but to the people of the United States. If the Territories belong to the States, each State has a right to a certain por- tion of the land, and, if sold, to a portion of the money. This is not tbe cane.Mr. BENJAMIN desired to reply. He thought the Senator from Vermont had made a mistake in history,From Havana.. NEW-ORLEANS, Wadnesday, March 7, 1860. <Tbe steamship De Soto brings Havana advices of the :*d.There are as yet no signs of the steamsh'p America,now about due at this port, with Liverpool dates of aga>n»t 160,000 last year.when it will be seen whether the Democratic side will vote as they did in Mr. Hyatt's case.THE APPROPRIATION BILLS.The House settled the principle this morning of sending regular appropriation bills to the Commit- tee of the Whole on the State of the Union, in- stead of the Standing Committees, by two majority. Mr. Stanton (Ohio) made the test on referring theXXXVITH CONGRESS. FUfcST SESSION.JVon*Arrival of Use America. .HALIFAX, Thursday, March 8—8 p. m.land, and the removal of the Capital of the United Army bill to the Committee on Military Affairs, Slates.In the case of John Hossack, cf the Ottawa rescuers, the Jury last night returned a verdict of guilty, with a.which was refused, mid the old usage confirmed. THE TARIFF.The Opposition members of the Pennsylvania delegation hold a conference to-night to consider that portion of tbe proposed bill for modifying the tariff which relates especially to their interests. The Committee of Ways and Means have endeav- ored to frame this measure carefully, so as to con- aider all interests fairly and make no excessive de- mands for aiy special objects. The free list has been enlarged, and duties graluated according to the beet results, of experience for protection and revenue. ''A NEW PBINTING BILL.The joint resolution for the enlargement of the Lou-isville mid Portland Canal was maae the.special order half, when it might have Maimed the whole. Thethe South on the Slavery question, particularly bauds. It \i not an easy task to shape the policy of this Government. Attimos the interests of one olass with reference to the repeal of the Missouri com- may teem to conflict with the interests of another. promise, which was originally passed by its votes Bat however difficult, the problem must be taken holdprofitably enlarged• Iho Committee cdoo propose that the maximum pay of RouteAgents should be reduced from.S 1,000 per year to $9O0. Theb lie Hook for 1«53, pnse 476. shown that, on the SOth of Septem-oerlast ot the-'«iU fcoute AaeatH employed iu the 21 States ofMaine, New-Uampbhire. Vermont,-. MaBMchiin<>tt«, Connecticut, bet. The loss is not statod. Insunince ?10,UUU. (,hl- that it wiU be proved that Thomson wenn to BrowaS JlbooeIsland,Mew-Vo'k Alabama, Florida. LoulHiana, Mlsais- braith'ssafewasrobbedol*nearly &),wv.much attention. His defense of personal liberty billspresentedthatsubjectinalightnot previously understood by Southern senators.THE CORRUPTIONS OF THE ADMINISTRATION.Mr. Covode'a Committee of Investigation will probably consist of Messrs. Covode, Train, Wins- low, Olin, and Robinson of Illinois.It is now contemplated to transfer the inquiry proposed by Mr. Hoard, with his consent, to the foregoing Committee, it being within the scjpe ofits intended duties.REMOVAL OF UTAH TROOPS.Orders for the removal of the main body of troops were sent to Gen. Scott to-day by the War Depirt-systeaa? Probably not. Still it wiU hardly do toBay two systems cannot exist in the same nation.The experience of seventy years teaches thatit c?n exi-t in t i e eai..e nation. The term nation, how-ever as applied to tbis country, means an aggregate ofnatio'ns, BOthat, though these systems may exist ia thesame nation, they cannot exist under the same munici-pal Government. A State cannot be a Free State anda Slave State at tbe same time, and the sama must betrue of the Territories. They cannot be Save Terri-Attorbury, at Waverley, Mo., were burned « j . w j l j t 4 l i e l l c d1*5 •!* S f " ^ Altmyer. We are inform^fttejji.Theyaresubstantiallyaspublished inTHErevenues lot soluiiei toUielxciexks,thanwaipaid11y w ago—I.*»inghot We presume he has uttered nothing but has command of the, remaining force in Utah, and K us trade. They supposed then it would die out with- Mr. H*i?MPH(LL alvocated tho amendment, and Clerks; and at PMladeJphU, $57,000.truth,acdwearesurehewill,iuallpropermodes,Gen.Johnstonisrelieved,andtoreportinperson,envanyimmediateabolition.Hewasverymuchin saidthatthe"Presidentwasoftheopinionthatthoexi-Nolawcanbeelaboratedwhichwillex«u^7*•*»•*«»•«"nount tbst should be psld for services under this h.NW, but it mnstrost, as it does now, under tbe supervision of the P^Btmaster-OeneraL The Committee believe that, with that office." * v*'TM* « « « for retrenchment,-it only needs that Congress sha.' TMd 'fa t « t.'??fr1ataud by what he utters.JHCHICIPJUC. E L B C T l O W .So far as we have heard, tbe March Elections infk>Ok" -of carrying out this principle of restriction and to the Secretary of War. Col. Chas. F. Smith licoi'ia'ion. Is there anything new in this idea of keep- continues with a portion of his regiment in Utah. ing Slavery out of the Territories, and in cutting offMr. Curtis of Iowa is expected to be Chairman the foreign trade ? One to come in here, would think it wst> entirely new; but it vas one of the principalof the Special Committee on the Paoific Railroad—gencies of the public service required that itshould.be adopted.be redin ed equivaTeni/v, and the President bo required our State for Town Officers have resulted in the at least, lus appointment is desired by numerous that day. But we have acquired iurther territory to difcband them. LoBt*. Adjourned.4, Believing thet these refeirns would sovo tha Treasury i «Uy « coaly. Eer dates are four dayslater than thoee already bslf a million of dollars yearly, without impairing t b c v l g . v o reffiracy of tbe Department, the Committee repoit tho acco'm- received.panyinrf hill, and recemmend HH pnssago. The Nova-Scoiian has 20 paFpengcrn.chioce of Supervisors as follows^since then, and how'did they arrange that? That friends of that enterprise in and out of the House. wlm-h they got from Carolina, and alao that obtainedSColombia Co. Kepnb- UD«"<m. ;"> Am. •3Mr. Rice will go on from Massachusetts, and Mr.Jrom .Francs, First, what power did they exer-HOUSE OF REi"'RESENTATIVES.Mr. BURCH (A,d. Dem'.* Oal.) introdu^d a bUl,The N. Y. Times, a journal of great facetious-new, calls T H E TRIBUNE the Republican organ of THE PASSAGE BETWEEN MESSRS.1"DAVIS AND it. Now, the South with the line restored.Tbe giving out of the work to the lowest bidder has maila between the Atlantic &nd Pacific Statetj oa onebeen fully and fairly tested, and has fai'ed to«meet the \ line, by Trhich the Government reserve the rigfht toexpectations of Congress, while the Government has reject any or all bids, if deexaed expedient. It is simplybeen thoroughly fleeced by the contract system Why to ascertain for what sums the entire-mails between 1S56 are in a fair way of li'raidation. A dividers! ia toFernando "Wood for the Charleston Convention. Thxtf is a small mistake. W e never enjoyed the honor of speaking for Mr. Wood, either io regard to the Charleston Convention or anything elaj*.Mr. Wood once had a Repuoliean organ, wnen The N. Y. Times was Republican, and when he wasrunning for Mayor. While THE TRIBUNE was tlemanspokeofMassachusetts burniogwitchesinthepublishing very unwelcome legal documents respect- ancient times.. Does he net know that yoar own their system to the north of it. Why was that linepeople barn slaves at the stake, and it seems to waken obliterated ? The more excuses a man makes theA Hor^g Kong letter say** that the-claims of Ameri- can citizens for lessee sustained at Canton in the yearing his character and antecedents, Toe Times was no horror in ycur minds.'considt ration. If it be deemed expedient contracts can< be authorized on the basis of the proposals.helping to secure his election. At that time, how- ever", the title to the Brick Church property was in doubt, and the turn that -might be taken by the one man power was a matter of importance. Since then there have been great changes in the world, and, we hope, a great moral improvement.—As for the Charleston Convention, we presume Mr. Wood wiH not get into that body,.though we should be glad to see him admitted to a high seat there. This—we address the observation to the intelligence of The N. Y. Times—is not from any love for Wood, nor altogether from delight in a row, though we enjoy a row pretty well; but be- cause we should especially like to see that wretched and contemptible faction, the Softs, consigned to the final destruction which befits political humbugs and hypocrites. If this hurts the feelings of The N. Y. Times, we regret it deeply; but there could be no more perfect ^lustration of justice overtaking the wicked, than the overthrow of the Softs by Ferrlando Wood at Charleston. Bat we are sorry to say the signs are not promising just now; aad we are afraid the Softs will triumph after all. They are doomed, that is certain; but it does not lookjust now as if Wood would be their executioner.gentleman a liar and scoundrel. I pronounce' the The Senator from Illinois (Mr. Douglas), Isuppose, affect the binding and engraving 1from MancbeKter report the market tor good* ar>d yainn at rrtcAdr price*.VAN WYCK.The following is the report of the occurrence into-day's Globe :Mr. VAN WYCK—Sir. 1 will indulgB in no unkind re-mark to wound the feelings of any man, bat the chargeMr. COLLAMER said he thought the line should never have been broken, bat the line was made by the South, and he heard with great surprise the Senator from Virginia say that it w*s an act of Northern ag- gression. . This line was intended to settle the question in all the territory then owned, bat afterward the Souih wanted Texas, and got the line put across it.ehenldnot the Government have the work done by its own authorized agent 1 The present system is immoral and has disgusted the entire country.The remedy is an established Government Printing Office, which would effect a saving of from $30,000 to'$11:0,000 vervear.Mr: HOUSTON (Ad. Dem., Ala.)desired to knew atwhat time tbe bill would go into operation.Mr. GURLEY replied, immediate, so far as- theprinting of Executive documents was concerned.Mr. BOUSTON wanted to know how the bill woaldtiffe points can be carried.[A syncpsia of this bill|was published on Mondayvrefck ]Mr. STOUT (Dem., Oregon) inquired whether->taissioTi.-tbe bids were to be received till the 25th of "May. and- quoteily lower.three d?ys thereafter laid before Gongreiw /or its STATE OF TUADK IN MANCHESTER,—The advice*must be met, and history vindicated, lot the conse-quences fall where and as they may. One other gen- They then expeeted no more, and having got all theyLrvKitroor. COTTON MAKKKT.—Tho sales of Cotton In the Livcrpeol market for the three iay« added up 22,000 bale*, Mr. COLFAX replied the Houee would not adjourn of which 5,000 bales were on ><pect<!«ion and for export. Th*» market closed tlow of tale for tbe tatter qualities at unchanged probabiy before the latter pari of June. By the hilt price*, while for the Inferior qualities prices were e^ier, bu. notmore suspicious he is. The Senator, from Vir- Mr. DA VIS of Mies, (interrupting)—I pronounce the., ginia pa^s it was a Northern aggression !would say it was because the North was unfaithful to Mr. VAN WYCK—My time ia short, and I hjpo not the compact. Another Senator says it was in viola-Mr. GURLEY replied, the bill would ^explain.gentlenjan'a assertion ialse—utterly'false.ardson, Spence it. Co. report Flour dull but firm at 23/'3>28/5-' ar.d White at 10/6.®I2/. Com quiet; *&le» of Yellow, at 33/©:j3/ti.to be interrupted.Mr. DAVIS of Miss.—You have no right to uttor suchtion of the Compromise measures of 1850. And, last of all, one says it was unconstitutional all the while. What is meant by beij g true to the contract ? Why,on the Su to of the Union.Mr. HASKIN (A. L. Dem, N. T ) offered a resollr-side to bid.Mr. HOUSTON asked whether it proposed the ab-foul and false slanders.Mr. GARTRKI.I.—I rise to a point of order. It is that carrying it out. When that line was made it wastion author zing the Coaimittee on P a i>lic Expenditures to emplov a clerk and stenographer.FoiV steady. IJucon Dim. Lard quiet at 37/'&<H)/." '1aliow alovr- of sain, but prices unaltered.LIVERPOOL PUODCCK MAKKKT.—Rosin firm at 4/S- far Common. Ashes—Pots quiet at 31/; Pearhi inactive at 33/6 •no member upon this floor has a right, to libel the peopie of any section of this couutry, and then deny to Fiench, and nothing more. The North has always the representatives of that people the right to reply. fuifillea this contract. But it never was a part of theFurther proceedings were interrupted by the ex- piation of the niornipg hour.I pronounce the assertion made by tne gentleman false and unfounded.(Cries of " Order" on the Republican side.)Mr. VAN WYCK—I ba*e heard such words before, aud I am not to be disturbed nor interfered with byorigin 1contract to extend it to territory beyond that, and when the question came up of territory obtained from Mexico, theio was no obligation to extend the line over that territory. That was Free territory, and what sort of excuse is it for a man who has made one bargain to come back on another occasion and say, " If you do not make another bargain, I will break up the one already made." The lino was jast and proper, and he contended that there would be no special dan- ger to the South in the elect:on of a Republican Presi-On motion of Mr. Burnett, the Comta-ittee on Public <i34/. Sua^ir quiet. Coffee dull. Rico quiet. Linseed Oil Z&[any blustering of that sort. part of the Union.I am not here to libel anywith power to send for persons and papers.Mr SHERMAN (Rep., OhirO, from the Committee of Ways and Means, reported the Army Appropriationbill. ,Mr. STANTON (ltep., Ohio) argued that the bill59/t-'«^6/9.JiONDON MONE_< MARKET.—The London Moneymarket w»s olightly easier.Co>80W closed on Tuesday at 943«'^« for money and 94J®95 •for account.AMERIOAN SESVRITIES.'—In Amorican SecuritiesMr. D.wis (Miss.)—Will you sro outside the Districtof Columbia and test the queetion of personal couragewith any Southern, mnn ?Mr. VAN WYCK—1 travel anywhere, and without rent. He reviewed the provisions of the Fogitiveshould be referred to the Military Committee in ordernot want a mere motion of formality to give riso to a that they might be enabled the more thoroughly to out change.fear .of any one. For the first eight weeks of this ses- Slave actv and contended that it was not the sane asthere had been an average bubblers done, but price* wore with- LAT eST— Via Q ueewttovomLrvEKi'oor,, Keb. 2'A.—COITO>—ssalei of G/OOObales, incladlor 1,500 bales on speculation and lor export. Th? market close* dull and barely as high as on Friday.D€MV«V City Overland Express. LEAVENWORTH, Thursday, March S, 1860.The Ov*rland Ex^rees, with Denver dates to the 1stthe act of 1793. The law of 1850 clothes the Commis- sioner with final powers.Mr. MASON (Dem., Va.)—The Constitution re- quires that fugitives from service shall be delivered up. Dees the Constitution submit any other question than was'he held t>service, and did he escape,not whether rightfully or otherwise?Mr. DAVIS of Miee.—I shall observe them, Sir, if trial. 'others do not; but I certainly will not permit Southern Mr. MA.SON claimed that there was no Slave Statenew sulject. He insisted on the previe us question, examine it aod report reforms. -sion you stood cpon this flcor continually libeling the oS'ortn and the people of the Free States, cnarging them with tieaexm and all manner of crimes; and now yon are thrown into a great rage when I tell you a few facta.Mr. DAVIS of Miss.—Mr. Chairman—vunder the operation of which the resolution was. adopted by a large majoritv.Mr. CURTIS (Rep., Iowa) seconded Mr. Stanton's v"ews, contending that the general appropriation bills-The 'CHAIR—The gentleman from. Mew-York cannotbe interrupted except by a point of order, and theChair appeals to the gentleman of tbe Committee not When a man was brought before a Commissioner, the to violate the rules of the House. The Chair trnsts question was, "is the man a fugitive slave?" if he they will not do so. was, take him back,—not for trial—no, this was hisreport-and bill, which was referred to the Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union:REPORT:That the constantly incTeasica expenses of the Po<)t-Oflice De-partment, and the heavy charge thus annually imposed upon the Treasury, hwo compelled j our Committee, In the perfoimince of their duties, tc examine tbese expenses, and to consider whether they could net be materially reduced without impairing the effi- ciency of the servic?. Passing over other Ikems of expense for the present, they recommend tho adoption of tbe following re- trenchments nmong the officers of tho Department:OK DKPUTV-PO8TMASTKRS.For over twenty years previous to 18-17, the commissions al-lowed to Posi tai astern, under the old rates of high postage, were: 30 per cent on the first $ 100 collected at any Post- Office; 25 per cent on the next $300; 20 per cent on the next $2 000; and 8 per cent on all over $2,4fO. On the 1st of March, 184^, however, conaress, having provioiu-ly reduced the' lates ef letter postage to-5 and 10 cents instead ol the former rates, which ranged from ii to 25 cents^Ueemed it expedient to increase the percentage toentrusted alone to the hands of the Committee of Waya- and Means .Mews. SHERMAN, PHELPS (Dem., Mo.) and .WASHBURN (Rep., Me.) opposed this, maintainingpeople to be slandered.Mr. VAN WYCK—If gentlemen are so sensitive in re-in the Ution, but in which a negro would have a full and ample trial if the claim wcrs made that he was not a fugitive.Mr. COLL aMER would not make au ipeue on this point. He claimed that the decision was final for all practical purposes. You might as well say that anexamined their provisions, to propose -amendments.good success.The Gunnel lead is reported as yielding $GjM) or $8QQJ. S.' P. eating-house is free for a man to get his dinner; bat whtit good does that do if a man has no money ? He WASHINGTON, Thursday, March 8, L8G0. referred to the speech of the Senator from Georgia (Mr.Toombs),anddeniedthat therewas aaylaw.of Vermont in conflict in any way with the Constitution. Even if a law happen to be, it would hardly justify he charge of treasou and perjury. The States, as tuchididnot adopt the Constitution; the peopb had to meet and adopt it. This is a National G overnmeut, preter. Tbe address of the Minister in Spanish ex- and if the States pass an unconstitutional law, still itwhich now appropriates to itself the name of Thisafternoon,SetorJos<§Berges,MinisterPlenipo- " Democratic" has abandoaed all the cardinal doc- tentiary from the Republic of Paraguay, and Kernando trines of its founders. W e specially commend 03 eUadOj Secretary of Legation, were presented to the Prebident by the Secretary of State. They were Mr. Burnham, because, on this occasion, he deliv- accompanied by Commissioner Bowlm and Mr. Ward, ered a speech instead of reading an essay. who accompanied the expedition to Paraguay a« inter-pretsed the sentiments of friendly regard for the Oov- tainly there was no connection between such laws andidenr, and the other showing the importance of having point would be ordered to chastise the Indians for Pofctmastersasfollow*:Onanysumnotexceeding$100.pfr yci.r, the documentsatthe earliest possible period before depredationsrecently committed.THE LATEST NEWS, ernment and American people, and personal respect for the President, usual on such occasions. Tne President replied with great cordiality, and in his usual felicitous RECEIVED BY manner. The Minister ard. his Secretary were in falldiplomatic uniform.IMA.GNETIC TELEGRAPH. It is ascerrained from a reliable source that it is thethe election of a Republican President. Trie judgment of a Conrt is oindirg on the partxs in a suit. The United States never were a party iu the Dred Scott case, and the decision of the Supreme Court is there- fore not bidding on the people. Judging from the Democratic platform in regard to the United Stat03 Bank, the decisions of the Sapreme Court are not in- ia'lible. He claimed that by the Constitution, Con-adding s »crtion to the po&t-routo bill of that year which en- report.hanced their rates of compensation as follows:. On any sum not The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a third exceecirg $1C0per quarter (instead of per year, as theretofore),JO per cent, but when the malls arrived regularly iu the night., reading. Adjourned.CO percent was allowed ; on the next $300 per quarter. 4U percent; on the next $2,000 per quarter, 35 per cent; ou all over$2,400 per quur-or, 15 per cent; and on letters for distribution,10 per cent.—[Sla'utes at large, voll 10, page 255.their hands upon their breasts, he left them in an unoc- supied room wlrere some of hia furniture was stored, and went .to his hotel and took tho poison himself. Or*Tuesday ha poisoned a horse belonging to Dr. Searlea of this city, and it is supposed he intended to shoot Dn, Starles, as a loaded pistol was-found.on him. The caupe was the estrangement of his wife,, and her inti- -From Washington. Special lM«p&tch to The N. T. Tribune.W ASHINGTON, Thursday, March S, I860. THE HARPER'S FERRY INVESTIGATION.Some newspapers have erroneoutly stated that thehome-squadron movements will be governed in a gress has the righ^ to regulate and govern the Territo-The steamship Hungarian' is advertised to be sold at maey with Dr. Searies under the iuntxence of Free-intention of Minister McLane to return to Vera Cruz in the course cf a few days in the steamer Brooklyn.Ti£e Loss of tlae JErSimgariaii. HALIFAX, fhureda;?, March 8,18t50.great degree by his directions. The^truth is, the flag captain receives his orders from the Navy Department, but may be roquostcd to avail himself Of frequent con-ries, and that there wag no provision in it that Congress shall' not prohibit Slavery. The South claim the right to take Slaves there, because theyLove principles. Great excitement^ oxiats, and Dr. The body of another man, supposed to have been a Searles has been locked up in the penitentiary to pro-The Harper's Ferry Committee have not yet de- sultations with our Minister, which, it i3 supposed in are property, bat the Courts have decided thatUnder the operation ol*these laws, tno commissions paid to Post- masters have increased from $1,742,508 in 1854 to $2,448,638 in 185!)—an expansion in.five years of nearly 50 per cent in the ag- gregate, while the amount ofpostago collected has increased but 25jeer cent.These steady advances in the rates of commission were based on the argument that, under the reduction of the rates of post- age, increased labor would be required of PostanasterB, in the in- creased number of letters mailed and delivered by them. And this crguineut was ur.questionably entitled to some weight.But, in turn, a little ovor a year after the last increase was adc pled, the labors of Postmasters were decreased by the ad option of the compulory prepayment law, which went into force in 1855. This; with the system of stamps and stamped envelopes, very materially lightened the labors of Postmasters, as all letters being prepaid ore delivered now as soon as the mail is opened, •without having to collect tho postage and make change for their owners, and in the mdiling of letters, the purchase by so large a portion of the public of stumps and envelopes, relieves tho Post- masters of miu-h of the'r former labor of receiving the postage on each letter mailed separately.The time has arrived, in the opinion of the Committee, when seme retrenchment, at least, can be effected in the commissions of Postmasters, without injustice to them or detriment to thefilled, one with silver and the other with gold. The body was buried.tect him from the indignation of the citiaeas.Free jtfegrroes Excliwled.. from. Mu- „ souri..cided whether GovernorWise shall be summoned or not. H e stated publicly that no consideration could induce him to reveal all he knew concerning Brown's raid, which may l>e the reason his friends hesitate to call him, because if he refused, to testifyprominent quarters, he will cheerfully do. Mr. Mc- Lane's return is with reference to the protection of American persons and property.slaves are property only by local law, and when taken out from so ch local authority that they are not property. You cannot take a slave to a Free State and keep him or sell him. Slaves are not property there, so they areTbe books and letters of Clement B. Barrett, M. D., of New-York, and the portrait of his daughter Ada,Mr. Corwin will soon, by direction of the Committee not property in the Territories where there on Foreign Affairs, report tae French Spoliation bill. is no local law in reference to them. . Slaves The military of the District are elated with the cannot be held at . common law, and wereST. LOUIS, Tnnreday, fcarch 8, 1860. The bill excluding free negroes from tliis State under have also been found; also, the letters of C Banscom the penalty of becoming slaves, paseod the Senate yes- of Brighton, England, and of Martin Downs of Dublin. terday. It had previously passed the Ilouse. The, sameoill passed bcth Houses at the last Session, butpromise and prospect of an early promulgation of athey would be constrained to treat him like other programme from the War Department which will forced on the colonies by a special statute against theMr. Hunter, the Agent in this city of the AssociatedPress, will be happy to attend to all inquiries addressed failed to receive the signature of the iJovermor. to him respecting the wreck.SENA TE'The Senate met at 1 o'clock.W ASHINGTON, March 8, 1860.Mr. CAMERON (Rep., Pa.) presented a petition ofthe citizens of Schuylkill County, Pa., for an amend-ublJo service, 'u the smallest effiees, which are generally heldWeather cloudy.From Albany.ALBANY, Thursday, March 8, 1860,ment:of tbft Tariff law.Mr. GRIMES (Rep., Iowa) gave notice of a bill for and wished to correct him. The Territory of Louisi-Ey their incirmbents as on accomniodifion to the neighborhoodtbe retrocession of the District of Columbia to Mary-ana, acquired from France, was exclusively slave ter- ritory. When Missouri applied for admission, the North objected, and' asked a division, when all was fclave tenifoiy. The Sour.h, weak and foolish, yieldedJioar'd appointed tbe Collectors andelements of the Constitution, and a leading principle at(l.tie.) La*t ycar...Kepub Dem. 8 Am. 3 Blair from Pennsylvania. Indiana is to be omitted. cise, and in what manner did they exercise it? which was referred to the c'ciamittee oa M litany Af- A Bl LT. to Reduce the P'xponses of tbe Post-Offire DepartmentRensulavr C*......Repub. 12 Dem. 0 Am. 1Dem. 10 16 Dem. 0Rep"*>-Repub. 21 (3 to be heard from.)THE PACIFIC OVERLAND MAIL.The bill reported from the Post-Office Committee tually did exist, a> was permitted to remain; biit in ifornia. postage shall be allowed to Deputy Postmasters, instead of thoso The ship Luna, from Havre for New-Oriean*, hadtimply is to rcs-tofe the line then made. It was fullycould, they wished to break up the line aud extendrimpJv meant to run through that purchase from theMr. COLLAMER—That does hot touch the point.that bucb an.arrangement would cause confusion and inst., arrived-today. The Mesi-en^er reports fino delay. There should be one Committee intrusted with weaibtr and good roads. The Express brought $4,000 the general eetimates. By pursuing the ordinary method in gold dust on consignment. New valuable quartsleadB had been discovered fourteen miles from Denver, respecting tie appropriation billx, the Military and which promise: to exceed in richness anything beforeother Ccmmittt est would be enabled, baviDg previously known. Quartz mining was being carried on with,The amendment,'"W»8 carried.Mr. HALE offered another amendment, providing desires for him to carry tbem out to tbe utmost c ' nuawuity.1that when this regm"^ ^ & raised the regular armyAim with tbe expression o£ thetr belief that this BO rapidly-in- creased expenditun can be reduced fully one-third, . ' not in a Jsreor degree, they recommend the sect on in tbo accon^P'njiog bill on that point to the attention of tho Postmaster-Gene.'ah%I grait C*ngiess did not always prohibit, S'averf in fairs, providing for the payment of the expenses at- SUCTION I. Beit enacted by tlic Senate and Borneof Hepregen- The steamship North American, from Portland .the Territories, not beciuse they had not the right, tending the suppression of the Radian hostilities in Cal- tativcaoj the United State* in Congre** a*»cmkicd, That from arrived at Queenstown on the 20th of Febmarry,of the Houee for an Overland Mail to the Pacific other cases it was espres^ly prohibited. So-was never Mr. BURCH offered a ree^ation, which was now authorized by law: been wjeckod on the French eoaet, near Cherboorg, adopted, instructing tbo Judic/'aiT Committee to in- At any Post-Office where the letter postage does not exceedDem. 10 Am. 5 contemplates one route only, bids for which are to left to the people Of tne Territories to settle, for it was quire and report whether any legit 'li-ion is necodoary $1(0 per quarter, orin that proportion for a part of *qu*rter of a She had eigbty-eight passengers and twenty-two crew --..Repub. considered a matter ia which the whole country was year, COpercett; but any Postmaster at whoB« office the raailisRepub. S Dem. ii (5.to come.) be received by the Postmaster-General aud sub- interested. Iu the cef&ion from* Carolina she expressly and con be adopted consistentJv witv^i the Constitution to arrive reiulorJy between tho hours of 9 o'clock at night and 5 on board. Only two persons were saved, wh#e naineaDem. 4 (complete.)made a provision prohibiting the abolition of Slavery. to facilitate the organization of "the B^nee, tn preserve o'clock in the morning, may be allowed 70 per cent ou the first are not given. '.The vessel proved a to<al loes. vmoke tbe earns provision, ihthe acquisition of Louisiana'Mr. KELLOCG 'Rep.,111.)introduced ab-11 granting l a n d s t o a c t u a l t e t t l e r K m . t h e T e r r i t o r i e s , > u d p r o v i d i n gp»c«-pt in families, and pr.->hi'Aited the taking of slaves Referred to the Committee on Territories. 10 per cent. Tgress to make this law. No, Sir. The power to regu- MT. G-URLEY (Rep., O.) made a nuanimou « report of the mail trains dees not exceed eight hours per Cay, nol overfor increasing the income tax, was under discupaiotL It was reported.that tho French GoTemmenfc willlarger than any former Republican majority at a the report in The Globe of the violent language used late was admitted, and this implies the right to pro- from the Committee on Printing in the form of * bill wo Route Agirn's. Branch Batlroads of short distances, to boyesterday by Reuben Davis of Mississippi toward hibit. When the catse of Missouri cam« up, a diincally providing for the public printing, binding, ana1 litho- npplled by officers of the Railroad, sworn for the purj»o<*er who a»ver t he Postmaster-Genera' deems it practicable.Chaster Election. W e have a report of an adverseresult in Washington Co , bat no details. Sullivan, Mr. Van Wyck of New-York. Comparatively few pretented iteelf. A large portioa of this Territory was graphing. He said it proposed a radical reform. He SKC. 3. Tho moxlmum compensation to Route Agents shall sgTee to a modification in the coa! stipulation*.unsettled, and what did they do ? They knew it could one .of the largest towns of Madison Co., hicherto members were aware of the character of the lau . not be Free and Slave Territory, at the same time, sowould not now enter into a statement respecting the not hereafter exceed $000 per year; and the compensation-to multitude cf evils of the present system, which was Agents on in.'erior routes eball be graduated according to theThe French Ministerial circclais dem&:wl obedience to tbe laws from the clergy on the- Roman queetion.'The Paria Bourse had advanced, and' closed *t 68 francs.PrutU'ia and Russia, it was reported, had jctned in a.- proposal for a conference of the five Great Powers.Hanover had consented to submit the question of the- State dues to a general conference.Democratic or American, has gone Republican guage till the debate was published to-day. Mr.On £be whole, the returns of our Town Meetings Davis uneasily marched about the Hall all the time agreed to, and should never have been disagreed to.they divided the Territory, and now the propositioncondemned by both the House and the pnolic at large. Recent developments at the other end of the Capi- tol t-how the uses made of the profits, which hi we Rerved to deepen the impression on the-minds of allmm nt of labor peiformed, and the number of hoars per week pent in actual service.SKC 4. The Po^tmoster-Gener*l is hereby directed to cuitaT the amount paid for Clerks at Post-Offices as largely as is po*si~ bio without impairing the efficiency of tho service.SKC. 5 Tbe provisos of tbe act of June 22, 18S4, and all other provisions of law, which authorize tbe Postmaster-General to allow extra pay te Postmasters, beyond th«rcommission allowedrogation of tbe present contracts. Mi. BORNETT (Dem., Ky ) asked to know the Congrees to determine.Mr. COLFAX (Rep.,Iud.) submitted the-following shonld be sent to the different Committee?, and net40pei cent-, on ihe next $300, 33J per cent; en tne next $2,000, 30 per cent; on all sums over ©2.4(MJ per 5ear, 12^ per .cent; and en leiterb received for distribution, 7 per cent. (See Statutes atLarge, vol. 9 pape 148.Again, on the 3d of M*rcb, 1853, Congress having previouslySYRACUSE, Thursday, March 8, 1860. paid and five cents unpnid for nil distances under three thousand to be printed in advance of the meeting of Cougres*. This morning a man named Tinker died from taking; is no foundation for a dissolution of the Union. Cer- miles, and double that amount for greater distances, another in- poison. He first poisoned big two cbjieren,. aged aboutnever held legally in England. Slavery wasmore thnn for their remuneration—we allude to Post-Offices yielding le*s then $400 pvi year—the Committee propose no change in'the present comDcnwution, which JBsixty per cent, and ten per cent extra if the mail arrives regularly at night. But on all above that standard th«y propose a reduction.On oil amounts between one hundred dollars and four hundred dollars per quarter, namely the offices where the receipts do not next thing was the acquisition of territory where there exceed $l,t/i0 per year, 4'1 per cent, instead of tho 50 now al- for Tuesday next. lowed. On the next $2 000 receipts, 30 per cent instead of 40. The Homestead bill was made the special order for was no Slavery, and tbe North objected to the South On nil over $2 400 per quarter, lS.V per cent inotead of 15: and on Tuedd:ry, at 11 o'clock. having any share, because it was not slave territory. letters distributed at the distributing offices, 10 instead of 12. The South said, continue the line of divieion, and the The effect of this, if adopted, would bo to leave offices yieldingMr. BROWN'S (Dem., Miss.) resolutions relative to North objected, and hence tbe -North broke the con- but $400 worth of letter pobtage per year the name commission tbe Territories were taken up • as now; to reduce those collecting $400 per quarter, or $l.t)00 Mr. COLLAMER ?aid this discussion had taken a tract. Again, in 1850, the North refused to abide by per year, from $840 commissions to $720.; and those collectingwide range, bat he desu-ed to make a practical applica- the geographical line, J and in 1854 went back *3,(10") per yea>\ from $1,400 commissions to $1,140. From the to the line again. Had the North carried the line to Hhaip competition which generally prevails for tha appointmenttion. No legislation is valuablo unless for the advan- to offices yieldiDg annually between $400 and $3,000 le.ter post- tage of the whole country. We have seen two con- the Western waters, there would have been no clamor age, it is not believed that the efficiency of the aervice would be ditions of society existing in this country—one con- to-day. The South had been right and generous, the impaired by this change, which the decrease eflibor by theCanalThe Collectors' offices at Jordan and Ithaca are abolished.Tiie Ottawa Rescue Case. CHIC.VGO, Thursday, Mar.ch 8, 1860.North exacting, aggressive, tyrannical, and despotic. compulsory prepayment system justifies, and which restores the compensation to about the ff'sgregut^ii under tho law of 1853, and are created free and equal, and that there should be He wanted to know if the restoration of the line was the curlailment thus effected would save, it.is estimated, riea'ly universal suffrage, and men should be educated for the all the Repnblican party wanted? That party, if he $200,(00 per year to the Department, and possibly a still largerJ. M. Lay and Jonathan Bourne have been elected went there, it ie said, for tho pturpouo of assaulting the*delegates to Chicago from the first district of Massa- woman of the hoase. Wftaro told that, when they chusetts. entered the room, ore of them said to tho woman he> Five fishing vessels, manned by about 50 men and intended to kill !&er, and ajado a hostile demonstration.valued at $3,000, are considerably overdue at Glouces- She retreated to an adjoining ro^m, whore the mendition in the Free States based on the idea that all meuGovernment they discarded the old ideas of primogeni- exponent of that party 1 He had thought the Senatorture and entail, and proceeded on the principles thatevery man was to own his land and be his own ser- would admit that these Personal Liberty bil's were boat lines, to take charge of the through mails, number. '175. And vant, wher. none should rule and none should serve. wrong, but he undertook to defend them as passed to Nour Committee believe that a curtailment in their number iaMr. Gurley presented his bill for chauging the This system is really the actual condition of the great protect free citizens. They were passed for no such both practicable and expedient. On some railroads, where theThe first election in the new town of Dunkirk tookplace yesterday, and the whole Republican and Amer-ican Union ticket was elected by majorities ranging it is fuepeotedj was- concerned in tho murder, waa from 60 to li!7.thing, but to keep the South from reclaiming her slaves. )uu of the mail-trains does not exceed ten to twelve hourB per day, four events are now employed, enabling each one of them he preferred to des jiibe in the words of another. [Mr. C. He contended that if the negro was freed he would to be off duty one week, fov every week that he performs service, improvements have been introduced since the syl- read from Mr. Calhoun's works a description of South- have a fair trial at the South. Ho claimed that the and thu« requiring of them, on an average, but tnirty hours' labor Government was a confederation of the States, and per week. Your Committee believe that, on the longest routes, labus was published in T H E TRIBUNE on Tuesday. ern society.J Theee two conditions of society exist, and if within twelve to fifteen hours' service per day, a relaxation of H e estimate* it will save between .$50,000 and are- likely to exist for a long timj, and they present a not, as tbe Senator from Vermont claims, of the people. two days' service per week, on the average, beside the Sabbith, prob'em to be solved as to what is to be done with The Senator from Vermont repeated l^gal heresy in is all that could reasonably bo asked ; and they piopose, there- both, and what is the duty of this body as the repre- saying that slaves are not property. He claimed that lore, that the number ot Route Aleuts on such rou'es should be from the time that negroes first existed in Europe up limited to three,.as the maximum number allowable* On infe- rior routes, and where not to Bxceed eight hours' service per day to the time of the Somerset case, they weie always is required, that tho number should be limited to two Agents. j»nd on many branch lines, the practice already existing iu this Department of dispensing with Agents, by employing the con- ductor or baggage-master, if of unquestionable character, and swearing him as an officer for that purpose, could be wisely andSubsequently, Wilbisun liiompson, ahaa Davis, who,present law regulating the printing. Some minor mass of the b'ne States. The other condition of sorietv$100,000 annually.MR. COLLAMER*!* SPEECH.arrested in this way: About 12 o'clock, this man arouBed Henry Conloy, whose hous* ia near the scene by knocking at h'a- lront door. Wnenho opened the door, tbe man slr^hed. him. in ihe face with, a razor eeveringhis nose and cutting hid fvtce terrioly. Thasentative of both. It is the daty of Congress to en-and' influence exhibited great ablity and commands of. After a'l, ia there any reason to suppose that one party here caa induce the other to adopt its¥Pixi' vm,,;iil/e>eo eloat.slt- o.^fV B0.u,<f1f'a..l1o^, lk,-i;llli;i.n,<gv nonen inusftalintlyv !alu)(dl 1m11-deavor to promote and advance the prosperity of all Mr. Collamer's speech reviewing the course of parts of the country. That problem is pat into ourconsidered as slaves. It was enough for us to know that Slavery was recognized by the Constitution of the United States. H that Constitution was changed, t^hen tbe Union would be subverted,,and the South would rather give up the Union than the Constitution.lured The boys Were aged about 15 years.Fire at Waverley, Mo.and on Brook street overtook and knocked him down* with a brickbat. 7.-U Uwn mounted the fellow, and held him down ui-,Ul P;!icoman Thomas Antle, who was also alter him, « * » up and inducted tho man toMr. FESSENDEN (Rep., Me.) said that it was too late now, but that some other day he should notice what is called the legal argument of the Sanator.OnmotionofMr.GIVIN,theWest-Point bill was taken up. .Mr. WIGFALL withdrew his former amendment in relation to a mounted regiment of volunteers for Texas, and substituted one specifying the-items desired.Mr. FESSENDEN said that he was glad the Sonate had before it the documents called for, but he was not at all satisfied that the appropriation fhoold be made. There is no recommendation from the Secretary off*tW« rtomatre this ouestion.? Is it not well, occasion War for troops at all. He does not even intimate that1v to look at the good old tuneB I nothing can beuor'e clear than that they looked on this subject as a createvil. The old Confederation, when thoy came to this question, they declared that u these Ter- ritories Slavery should not exist at ail. Iho question was transferred to the Convention sitting to form the Const tution. T*icy all felt it was an evil, andtheythoughtiftheycouldcul,oil"taeAfricanaluve-ST. LOUIS, Thursday, March S, IbbO. jail. Ihe awor was found but a few yards from. Tho storehouses of H. J. Galbraitb, and Mason aud where the negro" felled him.be needs troops for Texas. This -man (Cortma) mak-matters of legislation connected "with tho citv, town and county is»ucs for railroad purposes.caeOj and this alone could have excited the v«ing oifliculty on the borders of Texas was, after all, aTexan who had been cmvicted of murder, and thenallowed to go at large because of biB political influ-ence. He got into a private quarrel and theu went toMexico and gathered a band and committed outrages.The officer at that station had got all the troops heflu j/AQ fV|*•Mr.WIGFALL replied,andcousuiod.Gen.XViggapassions cf the assasnins ght as. " [Louisville Courier,ROUTK AOKNTO. \The Route Agents now employed by tbe Dep«<linent to assortter, and fears are entertained for their safety. •Election in Dunkirk. DUNKIRK, Thursday, March 8, 1860.Railroad Accident. BATAVIA, N. Y., Thursday, March 8, 18G0.The night express east last night struck three boys,«M8MID fled, but was followed by a negro of Conley's. juriitg one of the others badly. The third one iu uuia- The faithful slave ch?.?cd Thompson several w i w r Vand deliver mails to the way-offices on the railroad au«l steam-fcippj, J.emjmsce, Kentucky, Mhmourf, Arkauua*. Indian*. Illi- nois, iMiehjgao, Wisconsin, Iowa, aud Minnesota, none in any of u><?»e *t,«eii, although they eml"-ace some of the most impo'rmut man routes of the country, received over $!UH> per year; and seven-* lghtha of them, namely, 'liii of the 286, received but $800, or loss, per year. They therefore think that tno 4J1 Route Agents in other States, who out of the whole 475. receive * 1,000 per J ear, could he brought down to tbe maximum nllowod in the ^»ent State of New-York, nnd that, by Rradnating tli« remaiudor bccortting to that maximum, and curtailing the number as above Trc.omm«nded, an annual I'uvir.i; of £25,000 to ifiiO 000 oouldbo m'ectediu this item or exptfiuli'taj*. •_, Cr.nuKH IN Post-OCTICWK.i n e Increase in thin hem haa been without parallel iu theother expenditures of the Department. The amount appropri-ated for thin purpose for the year ending June-W, 104U (whichwas after th« adoption of the live and ten cent lettnr-ra^e), wa«t*22f» IKJO. The amount paid lor the name ol»jei>t during the liaoalyear ending June 30, nifty (M„e p9R„ %0f j\>H*maMto>--Geueral'sreport), wah no lem* than tf5»2D,000, bein« nearly four times asi<r>.at. n» was p.iid only 11 year* befo'e. Indeed, two Pout-Ortlces, theve is no detention, Ninety car-loadr* New-York aud Philadelphia, consume tuoro of the Post-Omeo dtcly for the interior,.house mGraysalley,about9c&lock,Saturday mgW a.dstaungtmbc had stabbed a m:..n,aakod for a razor to time off his whiskers, ne ws.s newly shaved whenfor all tha okrk* In all tho Fost-Oh^*"of* • IMom The Blueinformation was to be received during the present ses-Mr. STOUT thought the bill ought to pe paesed im-The bill was referred to the Committee of the Whole nedia.teJy. in preer to enable persons on the Pacific Wheat lima, and advanced Id.; t.ale« of lied at 9/10.'&l0/d.LIVERPOOL PROVISION MAKKKT.—Beef quiet, with • Mr. COLFAX replied it did not, but left that for- holders offorinjj freely., but showing no dl<*poitiiion topre«« »al«*»-reason of this. That Committee had never met before tbe present sepsion.Mr. HASKIN replied that the Committee werecharged with an investigation into the Pablic Printing, Expenditures were instructed to inquire how ihe pub- /toM/6. Spiiits Tinpentiae steady at 36/tj.to inquire into the abuses, and for the purposes of re- lic binding had been let out, the number of bidders, LONDON1 MARKETS.—BKKADSTUFFS firm, but quiet. form. A stenographer is already employed. The thepricesproposed,whethercontractshavebeengiven SCHAK firm. Coi/rXK steady. RICK inactive. TKAulow of-Cou.mittte hope to complete their business this week. Mr. BORNETT desired to offer an amendment to invest'gaie the.manner of giving out the pablic bind- irg If the gentleman wanted to ferret out all cor- ruptions, let him also investigate that subject, and notshrink from it.Mr. HASKIN replied be did not shrink, but he didto the lowest bidder in accordance with existing laws, ».a)e, but prio*» are without change. TAT.M>W doll and un- changed : saleaat Gl/. L^.HXKDOrr., 27/G. 1*:« IttOx steady aton the S ate of the Union by two majority.The House took up the bill requiring tbe Executive The Rocky Mountain Neva urges tho establishmentCongress; those ordered this session were not yet printed.crease in the percentage allowed to Postma*tero was granted, by together with the Secretary of the Treasury's financial 8 and (•>years, and, having laid tbem- out and foldedstill furi'h'T reduced thv rstc-n oflecter po->tago to three ceuts pre-Ihis rate continued till June 22. 1851—but a little over a singleyeni—when the rates of commission were again increased to 60per cent on the first $100 per quarter, and 70 per cent where themail arrived refiulaiiy at night; 50 per cent on the next $300; 40per cent on the next $2,000;. 15 per cent on all over $2,400 perquarter, and \'2h per cent on letters received at a distributionoffice lor distribution, which are the present rates. By all tne passenger, has been found. Two of his teeth were laws quoted, 50 per cent on newspaper postage waj also ullowod.Tbe bill was amended go,as to authorize the Presi- dent to cause his annual Menage and accompanying document, or, if bethink proper, the documents alone,UEurder and Suicide at Syracuse. EXCITEMENT ABOUT " I'REKLOVE."Barrington on the ~8d inst., for Balvage.the 25th ult.Th«We'ghmasteis tc-day. The following are the principalofficers: Collectors—New York, George H. Metcalf;Albany, Ira Porter; Troy, E. H. Powell, P. Lewis;Rochester, Ebenczer T. Oatley; Utica, Cordon Rack- recommendation to m<*r.:y. There are indictments et!; Syracuse, not filled. 'Weiglimaslers—Albany, against six others y^J, to Do disposed of. That of J o - Philip Van Cott; Troy, Geo. E. Lansing; Utica, Da- seph Stout is to be taken up tl>is morning.\id Donaldson; Rochester, Albert H. King.Iloooken and Newark Railroad. TRENTON,.Thursday, Marsh 8, lbbO.Tbe Governor this morning signed the Hoboken ami Newark Railroad bill, and it is now a law._.—;—«.Tbe Wisconsin Railroads.ameiKd. He also disguised himself," and left the. place. He btnts the description of one of the murders trs as given by Mary Yaruer.It is alleged that Thompson and hia accomplice who* escaped, intended to kill the woman, because she waa instrumental in holding over for a felony one F Hof-Freights lr Georgia. AAN ACTIVE COKONER.—The report of the Coroner o rJNow-Urleaiis gives the number of invmest* held for tha8 suicides b, infanticide* 2, inebriates £i, casualties .sudden deaths from disease lis, m«ki„g n total 3110inquestsinuuwtydays.bo paid forthwith, and the remainder is guaranteed.COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.LivKTtroor, BRKAWSTUFFS MAKKKT.—Messrs. Rich-to-the-cord of roek, taken from a depth of 80 feet.Business was dull; stock of cugar, 115,000 boxee^Freights improving..Sterling Exchange, 12i>KH tv-cent premium; 60uday bills on New-York, iia>3 t' cent premium. .«A NOSE CUT OES—A DE.IK MUTE KILLED.—Oa Saturday night, Hick Altaayer, a deaf mute, was. ntabbed, and instantly killed, in tbe house of Mary Yainei, near t'ae corner of Second arvl Wato.?; street*.[Delegates to Chicago.BOSTON, Thursday, March 8, 1860. , Tbe murder was ^erpetratad by ono of two men who>SAVANNAH, Thursday, MatchS I860. past three moLtlis as follows; Homicides 17, drowned 4a^ mmUntitled DocumentMM iiiifJirfM m "'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069^rt.m';•••xxvtJgSZT- • SK'?.5B38Saauk miUMiuuHt)«www.fultonhistory.com 