 *&-'*4pfultramontaries,who projectismostnatural;butPalmerston'severlast- feeling,would!protest ingcantaboutitisridiculouB. Ifitspracticalre-thenamesofitsmember*,thotimesandplacesofOurlntendentebaagotthelittlesteamerLaura roundbarisledintoci^s,onarotary eto^k,.*K,fcw»»Kv.\*m*m>».vfm«M M•HiA^ H+***ftt/r*jtt •>•»«,•,<»*»-FRAtfr<SS. j,t1>. o*x Ow» O n w w i r ^thlsi' city, audjwas whmer, Bt«ekhrf<fg* Chief, a son of Hill's Black H*wk, tie wortd'aiay b*iwarehed in vain forthe ins*Aoce *(ahoiseeto w!"u the nue trackWhen et-MDifctense hxtere*^«xoiteabyare becoming toolsin the hands of the many secret an,equally summary and violent end. Late m.jthebytheJanissaries*,whowereheldtogetherbythe agentsof'.Russia,hereamelsewhere,thoughthey oveninghewasenticedfroniihishomebyan""un-youngh«ifere,allofr%hichhaveborneotfhlueribbonsmmymments in the tower, the gambling walls were d e -dress, almost European, and set the example by assumingithimself. Havingdeprivedallofhis officers o f the power o f trying his subjects and con- demning them to death, without his own sanctionbeingfirstobtained,andforbidthebarbarouscuertorn of maiming culprits for their crimes, as well a stheinflictionoftheibastinado,heinstitutedlocalstroytd and property robbec, are crying for bread and forprotection. ,animble browse th e eparse pastures of Texas, K«u- ucky, Ohio, and Tenne-see. Otber impoitations have. '•• ;MUrfp|"M*jtfto][ *jfiflHHliiiM^^hetween Austria, asd Russia, from g^wmg into en- party Boouregained its mfiuence and strength,.and sia They know that the Saltan's Government, .maintaining two mistresses.•• ••-*—*"—^ -<iw.»v**^*^—'/"y^* ^m niVi^aiMoliabedhy-Vigoroussaved then)selves; t h efly. and so came to betoricalcuriositywherepie who are curious t otofindhimintheAustriancollection,alreadyso TheMayorofChambery,forexample,actually"The details of those horrible massacres are heart- hostilities have recently occurred. rending. Men, women, and male children have been liierallychoppedintopiectebythepag^anDruses.More than 10,000 Christiana liave periehed m thie cruel andfiendishcrueade.None,priests,audtheagedhaveA. D . R .hip been beaten for the bnck premium and eomeothers, at his own specialty. I havo b*-envery skepucal as to thepecuniaryprofirsofthisstock,butthavebeeaa«-' sured by diflerent breeders on these grounds, that thwr havea-sandingorderforalltheh^irofthethorough- breds they can clip (when once they.can furnishenoughtomakeitanobjecttoputupmachinery),at $8 per pound. The ha;r of the grades raccre* lower a s we go down to the common goat. The offered price ia England is $6 for three-quarter grades, and in America $4 lor the ^ame quality, $6 for seven-eighths pure, a n d $8forpurebairfromthoroughbredgnats'.TitosSalt & Son; of Sol are^ Etg., large manufacturerB of alpac-p e h i n dead sbvereigas-j-Henry V ., Italianj dukes,«te. I , . Ilia a little remarkable, hut not strange, that m the almost universal raging o f the late subjacents,had the face to say: f On this classic ground,. Sire, "ofloyalty,youwillfindnonebutcitizenshappy u to salute their legitimate sovereign," and again, inaddressing the Empress, to style Savoy " t h e faith-councils, called Medjelisses, for their;trial. Thoseof theProvinces weretribunals ofpremierin- .TnrkiahtroopshavejoinedwiththeDruses,andhave: PANAMA,Sept.15,1860.they were never supporters of the Neap»>litanithrone I ful, " par excellence. A year ago, the loyal and faith-—-familyrelatives,noblesse,captainsoflahdand fulmayorwouldprobablyhaveaddressedthesame1/-vx' ! p"^ ;>•...;I»**«-ta.»".'ar«^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^P; • • [•^^^WP^^^'^-fm^.:•j^^M^'fes^.-/"1 pleted his perfect defense of General Cavaignac •with documentary proofs in hand, M. Bastide con- Themeaning,howeverwasplainenough,asi^its tinues:"lampained,sir,tohavehadtorecafy" Any funds eeDtto me will be placed in the handshis Government and nation, he found relief from his of the Committee, or will be dispoBtd of according to the town of Barbacos by the govtrnment party, and izontally, set at any desired angle.3 Tbe back, of thaInasmuchasthereisan<lcanbenofriendshipinthe case,the wording of th« statement was infe licitou?.distressinexcitement,anddiedia1839ofdelirium tremens,ononeofthehillsbehindScutari,called Bulgarlia, where he h a d been taken by his physi- cian's advice, in the hope of saving his life by a withdrawal from all participation in the troublesthedeeireofthedonore." With freat respect and esteem, I remain **Y.onrsincerefiiemlandobedientservant,:, . . "J. ACIGUS0USJOHN8ON, U. S. ConeuL ! " To tte Hon. TKOMAB H. SBYM OUR, Hartford, Conn." P. S.—Or>ebattalion of French troopsarrivedon tiie morning of August 16."FROM THE Pi&E't GOLD REGION.oftheretreatofMoeqaer&'ssonwithhisartilleryand a;ave,orthe"necessarysiJe.' asitiecall^isdressed munitions of wtr; this acjount is probably true, as we by a cylinceri cutter runaiog at right ar^feg with tha haveinthiscityelevenprisonersofwartovouchfor eawB,anddressingthebacksmooth,asfastasthe itscorrectness. The folio«viog is a statement ofthe s-ave is cut. Themachi^ canhe settoanydesired<r**pn ^'>'*^*r.rt«^>*^«»»rt-«*^•-l*l^*J^">-^>•*/<sovereign, Sultan Abd ul Medjid, upon the throne. Bussian? and as to, the Armeniansj they have no well-known citizen of Denver, John Shear, former- It was a struggle for existence between the two other country tJnan Turkey, add never can have ly extensively engaged in quartz mining, and more rivalelements,thereformpartywell knowing that any, under y circumBtiuoes. They, however, recentlyproprietorofthe VasquezHouse,cameto if i t failed, every; member o f i t would he sacrificed a nofnori-intervention. ButwithallthispeacefulsecretvowsofthereligiousorderoftheBekTaslicestillabjectlycrouchbeforeiheirmasterstheTurks.knownandunsuspectedvisitor,andearlythenextfrom»hisshow.Hisold.cow,Datchew,wbiohwas•»»»>;;>,M ii«j»i «.«E**W •+»+>+*-- •'tente coTdialc and treaty atipulatm*. Remove the external pressure, and Austria a n * Prussia must fall apart again. The external pressure is fear of-.class of Greeiswish to regain 3nVc<rantry for Rus- o # n e 4 l ^ r f d ^ a b l e ^pppt^Mplaced Sultan Mohammed II., father of the present with allitsfaults, is fp> iaore tolerant than the Nearly simultaneouslyrvrith tins death, anotherBept>7,1880. Franc*-. Hencethespecialcauseofallthepacific Nftaxngle with the talk and.writing; hence the effort to restrain Gari- Neapolitantragi- baldi,andtherepeatedenunciationofthedoctrineat»fairinAmerica aitd oftet<er qoality, Thoaraa Aston of Elyrta, OWo,. w«nt t o "England last Spmn and broughtbactiwith htmafiney^arUog bull »ndtwSstww,theK"7i other points v Compary froi victor,bavinj .ftet,orBom Church &*•%comedy- l ^ w thai every ' ©an foresee t h e talk, Napoleon has undoubtedly a sincere desire for Dervishes-^thuB creating thow formidable troops aenottein^^w€ar©gxowt»impetwmtofthepro- afewyearsofpeace,todevelophispolitico-eco- intoa'religio-politicalorder,asfirmlywedded Jw»g&^">«ofthelastscene;weareeagerforthenomicalreforms.Poorman!it.issadlydoubtfultoeachotheraswerethemembersoftheKnights'T3aePorte.is well aware jf the injury done i t by morning, his corpee was discovered dangling from a Biown at tbe fairs l«8t vear. with good Success, jfam theapathy,ifnotmore,ofitslateGovernorsof tree¥onthebankoftilePlatte,amilenorthoftherefepedanewharvwtofgioryhere,andehows'mtbw gvria.InnopartoftheEmpireistheremorere-town.The.tieeborpaUbelwiththewords: youngcal'ibybersidetbatifp,htbelast:itmtwtnofcligiousfanaticismthaninSyria,andthisJSnot '*Thismanwasbung;hewasproventobeahorsebedeemedtbeleast. MrM^rryroaa'aherdofHere*dayWhenbw asthe8pi»nwhether he can have his way, the Italian questioa,.'t'-*of Malta or the Crusaders. „ '."•_' , SultanMohammed-or MahmoudII.,though still a youth whenhewasplaced uponthe That French expedition to Syria is but a begin- throne, warmly espoused the cause ^of those ning. Its lease isbut inless-than six months; no friends of, his family who saved him_from death, and raised htm to be th e head of-thefluousonthestage,is,"QI},off!" Hewagshis orthreehundredofthevulgarmobofassassins ofOthman, andconsequentlywasclothedwitha oftheOttomanGovernment,oneoftransitionjthat thieves,andthatfromtheperfectsystemoftheor-fordsbasnotb»enincreasedfromlastyearbyimporta-^ot-8, but will be this Fall, for his cousin has gone t oEngtind as agent, to procore some of the best} of thabr<td he can fiad in Shropshire or Herefordmire.Among the »nori-how8 m M be notb-ed and rev* rencod-final tableau,ofwhichtheprogrammeisalready andthemoreformidableEasternouestion,standing •prjblisbtdinNaples—-thewlolecity ilhxmioated; athwartit.limitedtotheMussuloaaos,.bntextendstothe thief,"writtenuponitinpencillnadisguisedhand.?i«ture*qoe groups of Garit aldi surrounded by hisAwfaiff, foldim, and crowds i f cititens,eral cry of the European ga fiery t o that very) Poor Y oung Vxay Francis, who li ogeTS altogether super-son River, where he is said t o have wealthy a n d worthy relatives, y 'Thi. gen-",N^w Y eai:V*y'/'^kjadold bu^l belonging to C 1Emperors also. To suppot e that the Porte wishes that, if it should, new massacres of Christians greatest Mortem nation then exiting. ; He-was the for such a state of things is extremelyabsurd, and Ione supposes that i t will come away then-^-at leastwould not follow. -'The hanging and shooting of two Fast of his race-theonly livmgm.mber ofthe family believe I may safely say, in riew of the peculiar state and Shear a .prominent member o f t h e hoise-f -C 8rke.MjMfclPm -Obio: Brutus J . Clays o ld m , '\KentaCkyjy^ „ by Alexander's prize-g^er and pme-t^ker, "Duke o/Avidrie,- tnl-HZS* Duncan's"GrandDuke,"ahalfbrothertoMr.Clay*«*»h*ppy, weak head this way and that, trying t o only irritates the hatred.and fanaticism of the rest prestige and a position, sacred in the eyes even of km double-distilled distraction of com- "We must not forget that in their eyes these execu- worst foes With the successful.disbanding of the listen to the ~—TM ^ . - - - ^ „_.- tions are Jieaven-winning martyrdoms* that they V a r i e s and the prohibition of the Orilet oT the jplexly contradictory counsels. The condition of are solely owing to the presence of Christian troops, Bek Tashee, you are familiar, and it need not be hereKeapoHtau royalty, hi unexampled in the persecutors of their faith and'insulters of their na- dwelt upon. Various reforms were immediately history of revohrtidnB, r e ds ns of the dead stuffed tionality. On the other hand, t h e French national entered upon by this Sultan, and during h is event- Tat-kingintiWMuseum fNaturalHistoryat sentimentmustbetakeninto;account.^Itis-fulfife,werecarriedoutwithmoreorlessfidelity.it is one of tire most tolerant in matters of religion inganization it would have been utterly impossible to convict them on a public trial, though t h e evidence of their guilt was Overwhelming.The United States Marshal has left for. Leaven-b u n . ' . . , , . ; • . ••-; -• •*All along the back tide o f the grounds are gtrmur the pens of hogs, sheep and goate; nearly all of whieS ar« filled. As t o tbe chickens and turkeys they could aU be get on a common scoop shovel; this is only another evidence of-tbe eubeideno of tbat ben-fevf r a t whosaOn the eve we deem it d -which we art which indcre lia, thecacdi presenting aa also deeire M> wetohcityoiIn tbe runfl •e&texercif ,To thus revolutionize-a whole, government a n d four rata, whose tails in their tender youth got in- party, support the Emperor in any measure*—not people, required men of firmness and ability, and -a extricablyintertangied,aimgrewthusintothede-tosaydemandthemolhim—whichhaveiuviewthe generalcooperationbetweenthevariousfunctiona- eossatedest snarl, so that] in spite of occasional efficient protection of the eastern Christiana. ries of the State. T h e Sultan thought to deprive spasmodic effbrta, which Counteracted each; other, . Bis Majesty is " progressing"- in his south-eastern his subjects of much of their religious fanaticism by. changing their external appearance, and assimi-The HartfordTimes of the! JOthinet: > : "BEYROUr,Syria,Aug.13,1860.cil of doctors. Cashmere goats now seem likely to beBourn -'Ufa-Ratten-KltM^ is made up of three o r thoroughly aroused, and will, without distinction ofirons. But as no man has ever y e t been convicted -faiily ettabh*hed as a branch of wgriooluia1 indoatrr ofmurderuponalegaltrialinanyCourtinKansas; -in"due course oftime. Forawhile, Dr.Davis,ofTerritory, there is little hope that Gordon will Ob- South Cartlina, was the* s de breeder, then it camedistricts, accompanied by his "amiable lady," w h o its dark hole in the walls o f a n old house, a n t h e gives in charities, wherever she goes, large sumacf preparation for some deiprable modern improve- money not her own, with a grace that peculiarly IB, and t h a t doubles their value—say t h e disinterestedorkmen; theotherrats reporters; therecipientshavenotgenerallyex- king could not fight nor passed themselves in print to that effect. The I m - acred as a natural his- perial couple are exposed to no end of speeches, him,atBonn.Feo- sonWofwhichareratherlaughable;but-theymust King Francis will! be-like not laugh, so the monotony of the bore is unrelieved." SIR: A sad and fearful cbangs has oome over the face of Syria since your travels in the East. Mouat Lebanon is obe grand funeral pile, and Sjrria ie filled with mourning, while the wail of more than ton. thou-lating tnem to the people o f other countries. H e sand new-made widows and orphans ascendstp heaven.More than one hundred thousand starving, homelesstain justice. ) Richard Peter's turn, and for the last few years he has The work upon Fort Wise, thenew-United heldthestockin hi*ownbarde,andgoneonaocumu- lating a flock until be now ha» over three hundrad,over-' by tmtraxnm* beanug.* The politic aHke hoetiie we cannot A utterly oppatWecaricot cause it be>-u present A^-v andregard».i oftheUni>n /or we hold < ofthecount for the pn>m< has introdoato the libcrcii performance of that inciej/^tialtothep . time of peaosear ttigbcyOthere^n.va . lings re«tf y t ithaa[att*-.mi the eclightei upon a a uov daid of nati'which our € .eubserviencjinterett—th«sived to bute- Cotatitut:jriry Clay, vr* ortoanyre know how tWe canuo !tinaugurnt Faithofa>, Mieeouri C o bj the mast-; quieectd in-: to remove fi longing to ti ence a* u•.w voted to ¥n t*meduet•' Toted down that \hro .gi been exte neifornia, o v e ,J <>f New-Yci : North latitua dutiful OM anothersu& v«ame, Unfr -to a friendlyit atrivm to'| enlightod jol trial of tho Jfiient popuia hlelegi.lauo glee—itcai:'& plea intended tosucceedJJ to mi&lebd.•We ciiiisst to solve»j them. I t :-ry ©rgeicoprxa are viwle»it!ytryidbo<rif tur&mgfirx platfoim-t; t dates,we;UE•to eatb oioii . ry Clay; vot prohibiting;i Everettdecli demnedUio: VMtelf-co&v uimtarily giv* evil" Mr. ( recognized '.h riea is guarai«tt utterly reof i t s piut;. nclosed by theunworthy <f ;• TheAbolb date, procitui the C' ce'i. .ii travagautva pathy whate- For thee*jimportant, oi oppoee the*e view of vhej can party, fcThe R*pui totheUni«.a all achf me •o may. ltpiet aovereignrig tic insiitutioiof the Orein Ccngroes un< of the Jjlieeo andpohiical' po »rer to pre itdceanotm tioEB of nbnamong fb*ir«national d.. ro stationofSIax policy to a cothehopeeof .that the pul•• sjourse of Uoifwith Waalun bheircotemp* p>e prohibiten ftoriee, we doj c o u n t r y , b a t <Sram the No h»ldereno«v, lorthebeue£ theSlaveStt the cau^e < Slavery, liritoriee,wc T h e B e p u l weU-digerie<t*r«etof\ue jnot be held i capitalotc],Toted to M dustrymay and thus »JJIt requu * tof theGenejthe wretched'ki&g wa& condemned to immobility inStates military post in t h e Arkansas, 210 miles and above his this year's ea es From time to time he southeast ofDenver, is progressing rapidly,and has soldasopportunityoffred,andnowthebeautiful<« anything in lines written by you who are one o f ^•e clones of France. B u t your heart will a p -rate his sinking Empire. These sons wereand wrongs against all comers—tiio statu quo " who lacked only one vice, ambition, to be ranked the present Sultan, Abd-ul-Medjid, and his From Onr Own Correspondenttruth, which waanot ins [)ired By the prophdic spirit 'with which newspaper* are endowed cr-ojficio, but * hy the reading of nistorj. Napoleon and the Churchare natural allies, whofl J common urgent in ;erest is- that honest men should not come to their rights asagainstthefatalmomentamofprogress^—the[Middle "amonggreatgenuises." PoorLamartine1p0l_ brother, by another, mother, Abd-ul-Aziz. Ages »gain»t 1860. W h eh being presently impolitic lefas's letters to him were pot unfitly superscribed, The former w a s only some 1 5 years o f a g e ,afjkir as published ia the government organ here:"After the action, at Mira, which tool, place on the 28th o f * a gust, InteB^en'te Zarvua,-with 200 men, attacked Barbaio*' fco'va. tho side of 8»nPabl6. and the Governor, 8 r Aoibal Mosquera, dit?u 83 ea bv the defeat of his for-ea at the Mira retreated by the Telejnol rivel toward Izcunde, with .at meeting <pp jsitloa, tak- ing with.bim the artiHtry and ordnatcJ, leaving the town ia the po»er of Zarama." ' 'iBeyondtkwthereisnorevolutionarynews, Itisprobablethatthecontestwillbealongone,andimpos-circle o r thickness Or Stave, and will cut those of any length, from 16 to 48dbache3 : The saving o f timber; us Biid to be forty per cent, and .t is clai oaeu that this pat- ent does away with cylinder 8a«B, each of which coats about $100 for a 26-iueh, and $20 extra for each extra inch. •!<*•/' 1 '• . . ' • • • -Mr.Fee'scottonseedmachineryconsistsofa "hul- ler"andapress. Forthebenefitof Northernreadenjcatizfnsandindividuals: j, y The Church wanted him tomaintain its o]|d rights" kept himself within the strict limits of duty, but j.•and in the shortest of runs impossible, he respeci- " d un Grand Homme Tomb6." H e has fainted, feBy dechned to do or ai"empt. Then the JChurch by the way; people pity him. -of . a feeble form and constitution,' caused byold. The brother resembled more the father—of a excited the community, have been succeeded b y a little tbe b*8t of it. :that c a n b e b y t h e g i n , there etill remains a furzewhich, when the seeds are eaten by «tockvaccumulatesin hirge messes in the stomach, and causes death. T h eprecia** *^e sentiment which obliges me to d o i t ," since there is i? Question a friend who is no longer" here to defend faftmS; ^ man whom his enemies"could accuse of narrowness oi mind, because he ftrcnC,-^, endeavor . £ Renovate and amelio-^which surrounded h i s Government, two sons, and several daughterstlea.viSg oniy to inherit hisparty tried the experimcntof scaring him by| a showof opposition, which wapon the -whole rather a mis- volume, VEnfant, a natural consequence, so to health.Michelethasnearlyreadyforthe presss anew take. They utterly failed to raise the people with speak, of V Amour and La Femme. He will proba- ;loftier6tature, strong constitution, andexcellent•werenothismasters.* itthesametime,hierather TheJournaldesDebats,speakingofthe fine 4fiJJ^^e ^t 8 °L.^»^?cial ch»rac,ter J°.tneiIincreasedthan ledchurch-buildinj?and*». .rxiteiuuenlatelybroughT-*ounrry._-iUvsyHijai|B^^a«i.-»Uv t»aHemiana zationofhoxoottiovoa,acungunderawrittenThe present condition of affairs is unprecedented them, or to alarm the Emperor, who took advan- bly end with the beginning, La Fere, and so com- Great occasions in a nation usually raise up great in the history of this region, California or Austra- tageoftheoccasion to;show thepartythatthey pletehisfamilylibrary. m*n. Eventsmakemen; whilemen seldomcan lia. ItisdiscoveredthatigiganticBecrjet organi-portant pajegrsph m it relates to the.position of the, meat leJtafier itsexpeesion, thau any other vegetable fetatoof Panama iu view of the present state of affairs, product, linsred not exoepied. The object of M r.»ndhesuggeBtethatiftherevolutionis-ssucceedinup- Fee'smachineryistoseparate tbehullfromtheseed,BettingtheConfederation,thattheStateofPanama andthen,expresstheoil,andpreparetheresiduumas shoulddeclareitsindependenceandplaceitselfunder foodforBtock. How.allthisisaccomplishedIwillgument t o t h e mass oiTtbe faithful that he was "an " Mahon,Jils de anciens rois," adds: "these o p -osemy to the Church. This management and that " pressed persons will cross t h e sea, and return harmony as brethren. The irdh will o f a g^perlor ramifications to tho Missouri River, has been in op-therefore commanded all of his officers to wear a Christians, wncse houses ha*e been burned, crops de-two companies of cavalry hiitve arrived there. A llthe Indians, except the Arapahoes, dontinue to man-ifestdisaffectiontowardthewhites,butnoopen beenmade-byotherparties,anditisafactthatPetersrefers to the A. Thompson Chiriqui grant, to which the •veueeia I t consists of &" boxr/ Bwiogmglike a pendu- rcosdamnable Italian revolution have brought the " with a passport furnished them by their oppress- genius may avert such a consequence-,, and' had Sul- eration for several months 'past. I t has succeeded Governor is opposed. 'v ; lum in a curved bed, shaped like the arc of a circle.Shear was about fifty years old, and Bad lived in Ne- fiercely antagonistic elements, fostered by the braeha and Michigan, but was born upon the Hud-cleTgy ofFrance andEupfia, and perhaps by theGreeks a n d Catholics dwelling there. They a r ethe world. '•'.••"* , '• THE SYRIAN CHRISTIANS,° «The Brooklyn, with a portion of the QMriqui Sur- The log is thrown in»o toe box afwr havmg been cut Churchagain. j j ? TheFrenchhaveanotherguessnotion,ofwhatbeen-:sparedthecauseyoftlroablealreadyallaaed committingmurderwhernecessarytocarryoutveyingExpeditionisatAepinwalLItappearsthatnointoproperlengths,andforcedthrongiaknieiatha;y to their senses: Ivapoleon is the defender of "ors." * ' .. . .tan Mohammed lived, and ^ ottoman Empire in running off hundreds of cattle, horses and mules,Hehassentorders]toGen.Noiie,successorof oppressionis,andnonotionatallofwhatisIrish nMJ^V^ -vecontinuedprosperousandad-itsdesigns,andshieldingi;smembersfrompunish- provitionhasbeenmadeteforwardtbepartytotheir bottomofthebid. Thisswingingboxisworkedby-J £ • - tne refbrms which h e h a d so commend-Gen.GoyoninthecomimndoftheFrenchgarriaon rhetoricalblarney. IfNapoleonwouldonlyagree •^lycommenced. DuringhissTiort-livedcareer— mentwhenevertheyhavebeendetected.Thepublicdestination, at the Gulf of Dulce on this Bide. The St. two connecting rods attaca*d to driving wheels. I t is Mttry'shasnoorderstothateffect,andthereisno saidtobecapableofcutting1,000feetinaminute.at Bomev to defend thepcity and a considerable dia- to oppress the editor of the Debats as Lord John, for he died in the prime of manhood—his assistantshas been astounded to learn that it embraced seve- ral prominent citizens o f JDenver who bore a n u u - Bulhed reputation i n t h e community. B u t while these facts have been mad 3known, the people are still in ignorance of the names of its members,the,oth«r v« Ssel of war ia port. . ' It is said that ths patty who landed,at Boca del TorrbCook's evaporator for boiling sorgho j dice has been a t work with good success thr«ugaouc th e Fair. T h s manufacture) s at Let hive eome earnpies of real cane,,trict about it. The) rest of the Papal States and Palmerston oppress the Irish, he Would, fe a conflict of suspicion and delight, exclaim, u But y ewere mostly the older funtionaries of his father anduncle. T h e morale o f the whole Ottoman people,Christian as well as Mussulman, experienced ashock, from which i t h a s never recovered. T h eSultan did not live to carry i t through the stages of details of its operations, a i d of the means throughX*amoriciere may defenH if h e can against the Ital- 4 flatther m e ! " ians. This is very bat, but that is better thanreport favorably c f the route as far as ihey had been sogar made en this pan, which are quite another thiug able tojucfge from a preliminary examination. from the sickly glacose engtru whish they and theirnothing. Some o f t i e thoroughgoing red-ultra- Apropos o f Palmerston, M. Lesseps h a s treated xnontagnards would gre itly prefer, 8xnce things have hi* last tirade against the enterprise o f the canal ofWeknow nothing more of Walker's moves here customers have paraded as tae gre*t triumph of thegone so far, that the Jrope should not be protectedletter. The.reportpublibedinsomeoftheNew-York cubicinform,andwhuaretechnicallytermed"strong." papers that a. number of filibusters were here waitiDg The bolt-cutting machine of Bwsett & Bateman ofSuez somewhat as.M. Baitide has treated M. La-martine's historical errors. That an English states- ever,andthemajo: imces.Thenation,how- manshouldbeveryjealousofthatSuezcanalpartake ofthenati< «gaiost th e Pope's be:which they were discovered.(and kept) in Rome (rlfXile, " martyrdom j" and atransition, so dangerous to a new people, or an oldone, undergoing a severe change. T h e religiousfanaticismofalargeportionoftheMussulmanpop-- hasbee,nformedtoferretouttheaffair,andwhile ulation,andtheapathyoftheChristians,remainedlor Walker ie incorrect, they are " men in buckram,"nothingmore. Cincincatidoesgoodworkanddoesitfast.Thehotreaction offer betterOn the other band, a secret Vigilance CommitteeTbe following letter from the United States Consul Worth with a large.number of witnesses against Gordon, the murderer of Gantz, and Latto, one o f.been indiscriminately botchBred; and everywnere the From Our Own Coirespondent.-stance,, nnl their decisions required to ^ b e even exceeded them in their brutal violation of women; If it Was not lamentable to eee people fightiag with,referred for confirmation to the Supreme Council of and the slaughter of their children. More than, 5,000 and killing each ether for, what at the most can be Christians were slain in. Daiaascus, and many womentheCapital. Herewereveryimportantmeasures andgirlswerecarriedintoslaverybytheArabKurds calledinNapoleonicterms"anidea,"therevolation adopted,-excellentintheabstract,butwhich andMoslems.Butyouhavedou'-tlesBheardtbesefacts!atpireeehtgoingoninttis,ooun'rywouldbeintensely j required competent m en to carry them out. before. My object in callingtour attention especially to| amuting. Bumbrs of the proceedings of the rival fac-sea forces, lazzaroni an 1all—the few leading men phrases to the hereditary sovereign of Savoy."whostillarefaithfultothisimpossibleroyallyare Thankstoafewfairdayswithinthelastfort-TheoldMussulmans,accustomed•tohuvethepresentstateofSyrUiiBt>enlistyoursympathiestion8reachedhereafewdaysagofromCarthagena,cas,usethetbres-qjiartesandseven-eighthshairforM»enwhomKingFrancishis"fatheroft'cjthered night,theyieldofthegraincropsishopedtobelit- everyquestiondecidedbytheHolyLawoftheKo- iDbthalfofthe100000starving,famishedcreatures, buttheetbrjwassoconfasedthatitwasdecidedonall"workinginto"alpaccas"and"listers,"withaSmalltle le68 than that of an average year, and the price ran, naturally felt a repugnance to •be governed by who have neither cL thiog nOr shelter. Women andarmory would have imprisoned, or exiled,tor tor- any other code of justice. Tbe Sultan was accused children die daily from ex sosure and hunger ! O ur hands to await the arrival of the mail steamer in thetor^d. In the last council held in the Kingjs pres- of flour has fallen. Relief Committee has been feeding more than 2,000, hope of r*ctiving some authentic information, but encefa**we haveheardof,andprobablyjonecf Lamaitine,writinginhisusualexcessivelynegli-j ofbeinganinfidel,andofadesiretoassimilatehis dailyforteveralweeks,butnowwemusthavehblp. mirabile dictu, whenthemailcameintheaccountsproporuon of the real alpacca hair. Mr. Alexander, of Kentucky, has not brought any cattle here, but baa a large axd fioecollection of South Downs, some im- portedlastyear,andsomebredatWoodburnfarm. There are a number of Spanish Merinoee, all the way fromVermontshownbyEM.Biseell,whicharefine sprcimen* of a fleck of 2o0 head.There are t*o machines in Power Hall, not noticedS T p o i t o ^ last ^ ihall hear of, it was Gen. gent manner about history,made somewonderful mis-people to the GiaouTs of Frankistan, while nothiag I am sure that the people of Connecticut will heed the were more contradictory than ever. According to one wasfurtherfromhismind.Suchreformscalled;cryoftbeeestarvinga'ultiudes,andIamconfidentalso for a firm sovereign, of an iron will and par- that theBubjfict needs only tc be brought before you to statement tbe Government party had triumphed onpose, to lead them, and compel others to carry them secure your earnest and c<rdial cooperation. Any- # while tbe buftetms. of the revoiutiooista every occasion,--J -~jedapanofvigorousmilitaryde- statemeLtsinthelastnumberofhisperiodicalC<mrer-Tjiloa who prox •<cain8t!jGaribaldi. Y ou recollect sationsi One will be sufficient spesimen—he attrib- fense of Naples a,; ;that Ulioa gallantly.' defended Venice in 1^48-49, utes the French military occupation of Rome in June, whither he went from S P $ g ^ spite of KiM. Fer- 1849, to the orders of General Cavaignac, Dictatorr out. During this phase of the reforms of the Otto- thing you do in brirgirg t\oe matter before the public clanxfed the victory on their aide; tbe fact of the mat-man Government, the Sultan, was involved in a war of jour State will be gratefully appreciated bythe per- ter is, as f-r as it is poss'ble to ascertain the tact—that of national importance. I refer to the stave sawing with Eussia, which, in the" view of promoting the secuted thousands of the b)o< d-stamed MUs oi Syria. I in the interior the Qspmiatas appear to have been de- and dresaing machine of Hurlbut 6c Doan^ of Chicago,The only General that of the Freuch Republic, who at that date had been hasseemedto fight bearWK***e *°** cau8e m six monthsacitizenunderthepresidencyofLouisin my last, which are very excellent, and one of them sendyon acopyoftheAppialoftheAngloAmerican; feated ina fewsmall engagements, whileatSanta andthecottonseedoilmachineryofMr.W.B.Feeofthe Porte wherever i t seemed weakest..; Greece " Mre. Johnron is quite ill from the effects of all the from ihe revolutionists; the whole matter is BO mixtd its way, -when we consider the millions of barrela andrevoltedagainsthim, andtheableGovernorof frightfulscfneawhichhamoccurredwithineightof np,thestatementsofbothparties-areaounreliablethat k*gsannuallyneed,buttheUtterpromisestogivetheEgypt, Mohammed A l i , made a bold stand f o r Beyrout. W e have buried t vo children since your de- it would b e ueeleee to attempt to explain them; i n a South a new arm ol power, and a vast revenue. Theredinand's orders of recalthepresentrevolutionisBosco,u°*hom well-mer- Napoleon! M.Lamartine'sastoundiagmistakesin olddesignsofCatherineII.,hasalwaysattacked ReliefCommittee. ^ •- »i:' Martatheysucceededintakingaportion-ofthecity Cincinnati. Thestave-cutterisimportantenooghin;vere denied b y jtted" ad^anc* s i n milita y grade \ ''e liberalism.jPerdiaand on account of his comparatu a""Your readers will pekhaps recollect t u * when,•me months ago, t h e opposition o f t h e pxiesriy some monthsago,partywasmoststronglymanifested,your!ccre- spondent stated that vdthin three years Napole^ and the Church would be as good friends as ever.fact, and a part, of his consequent errors o f argu- ment reepectmg the . " Italian Question," which is the iheme oi ttmEntretien, have been very well cor- rected by .lules Bastide, Minister of Foreign Affairs under Cavaignac, in a brief, courteous, ana just, for that the more severe letter to M. Lamartine, which you will find in your French .files. Having com-hereditary independence. Tho mind of the Sultan paitnre. •' . . • • • ' • • " ... •word, the revolution etill continues in the interior States, with posribly a slight advantage to the Liberalh»ve been etavemachines inverted before; in fact there ie one alongside thf», bat I do-hot recollect one whichembracesBOmanygoodfeatureaasHurlbut'a. The stave IBeawed by two oucular saws, working ^ r -gave way before .these difficulties. Great-hearted aswasSultanMohammed, andfiredwiththeam- bition to become the reformer and regenerator ofwDr. and Mr«. Bsorclay'of Jerusalem, who are wita us»ov?inBejrout,begtt>berememberedto^ou. ;.cause.,'•";... "J ,. .. i On the Pacific side we have news of the taking ofhis having had t h e small-pox when only 10 years escapes o f the criminals which a few weeks agoquestion—ihe revolutionists appear at present t o have ThemefsageofGovernorObaldiatotheStateLegis-D E N V E R C I T Y , Pike'*Peak,SepVH, I860.sible to eay>which party will-eventually succeed; but, it may/be well <o etate that ihe lint adh-res tena- to all appearancee^—taking an impartial view of the ciously to the hull of theseed, and after all is torn offThe series of wanton murders and mysteriousin a great measure unchanged, a n d recant occur- its meeting, and the, exact evidence upon which i tigletgotoBavaria.The alization-issopatently,absurdlyimpossible,why> encesshowhowdifficultitistocancelthetradi- isacting,arealluokowntothepublic,'hasbrought fewdaystohelptheGovernmentpartyintheStateof variouslengthsandsizes,andtomakeanyshapedhead,poor old gentleman mqfet be held fast in Rome, for waste word8 on it?. If Turkey is\auch a rapidly the honor of the Fx bach and the convenience of reforming country that only needs to be diligently 3Prench policy. A regjment or two of troops have let- alone to take excellent care of itself, why setJustbeensenttoincretssethegarrisonofRome,say SirHenryBulwertoteasing,andbadgering,and some—totaketheplaeeolasmanytroopsaboutto brow-beatingitsefficient8overeignfAbdulMedjid,tional antipathies of men against each other. Such two of the leading_horse tideves to a most summaryBolivar and Magdalena. ' or any shape under the head, from the round bar at.tbareturn,sayothers. I);isnotimportantitoknow which say i s sooth; the essential is that France un- • • dertakes to keep down revolution in that portion of the Papal States lying!west of the Apennines—for the present. To retam the other portion under the mild, rule o f the Vicegj >rent o f our blessed Savior,Lamoricie re has ordered his saintly mercenaries t o put fiie and sword to the towns on the first show ofu. aoBurrectiou..Among kings gone and going in all directions, o nall sorts of errands, this season, is that venerable improper person, Lotos, ex-King o f Bavaria, t oRome—whetherto»«kindulgencesforihisex- friend, the Countess o^ Landsfeldt, or for himself, is not known. ,asthoughhewereafeeble,nervelesspuppet?The French Academy proposes a s t h e subject of the prize-poem for 1861 this very Isthmus of Suez. Nothing but a poet is lacking to write a grand poem on such a theme. As the verses will probablybe poor, i t is a pity that t h e gold medal, worth 5,000 trancs, could not b e given to the man who is doingthe poem, Monp. Lesseps.THE CMSIS IN TURKEY.Correrpondenoe of The N. T. Tribune.CONST ANTINOPLE, Aug. 20, I860. Ottoman Gove/nment appears n o w e xoffice;carryingwithhimthebeetwishesandthere- itishopedthatthecruelattrocitiescommitted pletelybewildered;thecmfidenceofmaninmanspectofalltheforeignpopnlationforhisurbanityofThe Afortnightagoandmorethatveryheavyman, tremelydesirousofregainingthefavorableopinionference which end of th e telescope is applied to th ePrince Lucien Murat, got some one to writje a letter of foreign Powers, -€hd is more active and ener-Ibr him in reply to a letter written (he says) by per- getic thnn it has been for many jears past. I t has "» sons attached to him, as candidate for the throne o f been much alarmed by the attitude and maneuversyou a facetious letter about the contributions at tinsNational Show, which.he saw on the first day, had too's, which seem to be a g eat •improvement upon theKapler. Theamount>fitisthathe"isnofriend • ** o f r e v o l u t i o n s a n d v * r s , a u d m a s t n o t b e u s e d a s '* a catspaw t o stir t em up and draw roast chest- **nuts out of them for other folks; still if (the p e o -**pie should of their >wn accord ask him to be 4*theirKing, wh/1tim heisconfidentjthathis **cousin,theEmperot,towhom heis<tmitede-of Russia, and feels that t h e entente between E n - gland and France is too feeble to depend upon for assistance against its hereditary foe, the Czar. There is also more cooperation among the Saltan's Ministers and public functionaries than has existedfanaticism. The Mussulman is, therefore, the only , among the bones left the i npression that the crime It is perfectly impossible fortheGreekstorepos-' owners of the stoek, whofollowed the thievesslightly altered. The pemological display, so far from tbe tool which is inserted—eay an ax, pickax, grubber, being the petty tbirg be pronounced it, is said by old adze, or hammer—and held "to its place by a steel nomologists, eminent members of the Cincinnati Hor- wedge. The tool, consequently, cannot come loose, itmay be fastened or remold in a moment, and a series ticultural Society, to.be t h e finest tout ensemble they of tools mny^be applied to a sir gl* handle. For minerseversaw. Thefloraltent,which,whenhewrote,con- orraiboadm^n,-whodullsomany ptekainthecourse'f*voted, will approve, and he will go right down rince the reign of the late sovereign, Mohammed **andtakepossession>ftheNeapolitan ponstitu- •II.,anditsgoodeffectsarebeingseeninthedaily*' sent and support of •franoe, is too contrary to the been of so little interest, that I feel I cannot do is disposed to allow the Sultan to know the real mittee liave refrained ircm giving these confessions*iwill of the Emperor or him not to take the ocoa- better than allude to the present condition and state state of things, and both are willing .to encourage to tho public until he iias had sufficient time to*•sion to officially disa rowsuch a supposifiph." •To of the Ottoman Government in general, and the him to spend his time with his harem, and allow settle up his business and eBcape from the country.which, onthe followhjg dayLucien, inajletterto character of some of themoreprominent men,ia TheMoniteur,whereinjheproteststhatheneversup- whosehandsitsdestiniesseem,atthepresent posedanysuchathingasthenotesupposes hesup- period,tobeplaced. There is muchheretopointposed, and then adds if fcther cleverly (the} Princess Jluratisan mtelligens American lady):("But I *•* t h i n k , a n d m e a n t t o s a y , t h a t , i f t h e U n i v e r s a l **suffrage, independei it of all foreign mffdence,out the cause of the decline of a once powerful nation, andiftheprocess is notsoon arrested,to t e l l t h e m a i m e r i n w h i c h i t c e a s e d t o e x i s t .Meanwhile, one of tb.3 tri-weeily stages to the whichthisstateof.thingsexercisesonthecountry MissouriRiver,hadjustileftDenverwithfivepas- at large, is naturally an injurious one;and sengers,includingA.C.Ford,esq., a well-known to support their individual views, they lawyer of this city. About three miles out, andeven seek . the influence of the foreign almostin sight of Denver, it was stopped, at10mile, and hud provided cais epou^h to bring the peopleThe reforms of the Porte commenced in the reign :.<**•manifested itself,the! wishes of the people would of Sultan Selim III., who, it is said, was a very-l e g a t i o n s . F r a n c o , E n g l a n d , K u s s i a , a n d o ' c l o c k i n t h e m o x n i n g , l y e i g h t m e n . a r m e d w i t heven-Austria, have, therefore, each their agents double-barreled shot gu is. Thoy d id n o t say a horre-stabies contain -some of th e best blooded stock would have been double or treble as many thousaad* of"not be less respectei in Kaples than lihey.have "beeninotherpartsoj'Italy."ThespeechesofPreddentaofConn'/il;i-Genera! arenowallin;all|inging,withvariations,tliebenevolentandwell-intending sovereign. Thefre-quentassassinationsoftheSultansbytheferociousamong the Sultan's Ministers; and to foreign in- oi Ohioand Kentucky, and a number Of Lexiug'von y>aJeex.Ber8carxied each day. .'terferenceasmuchasanyother cause maybeat- singleword,exceptto order Mr.Fordtoget out colte, ontheir wayhero, wereonlyp'evented from In niyprevious letter,&description wasgivenof tributedthepresentfeeblestateof.thecountry.1 andaccompanythem,andthentodirecttbedriver comiog,-becauseof.amoat remarkable deouuon Paliuir'sexcelWntdrainingpaa»p,anditwaaeuted Thopositionattainedbythemasterlymindofthetogoon,bothofwhiihinjunctionswereveryofCol.JofiiahW.Ware's,thatLexiugtonianotuthatanumberofthemarenowemployedforwreckiugjjeacefiiltunepitchedtothembyGovernment;the riditselfcfthesetyrannicaltroops.„Withtheirfall jjexra-officialorgansplajaccompaniment,jTheem- commencednewinstitutions,whichwereofaliberalp i r e i s p e a c e — a l w a y s ' } a s b e e n p e a c e , f o r I h a t m a t - . n a t u i e , a l l t e n d i n g t o l i m i t o r r e s t r i c t t h e d i r e c t lei'—audisdeadseton!>eingmoreso:besides,there 'actionoftheSultana.'Itwasalsodesignedtode-hn<rthia#inthewaycj"peace;thereisjnotanya change required .half a century at least. Politi- cal as well as civil reforms may be peacefully effect- edinalongcourseoftime,orbyaviolentrevolu-and violent deatn, captu:ed and examined three more, and sent parties in pursuit of others still, who havefledfromthecountry. BetweenthesetwoThe scrutiny of the electoral votes for Governor rate of twenty per minute. Eafus Dutton, esq., who takes place to-day in the Legislature. There is no is known to the public as the makar of the Atkinstion. Outofthe-lattermuchgoodmayresult,and secretorganisationsthepeopleatlargearecom-show. It;hasasingh*driverwithinternaligearfor reapmg,andadouble"drivenformowiog(anextra wheel and extra pinion being given forAthe purpose of converting it into a mower); Tbecutter bariaof steel—the knives for reaping have a sickle-edge, a n d tboee fcr mowing a smo th one. T h e guard ie mads hollow, so as to inclcse the knife-back and avoid chok-in Syria between the rival factions, Druse and Maronite, will result in lasting benefit .Among t h e various nationalities—so to call t h e non-Mussulman part of the population of the Otto- man Empire-^-thero has always existed, an antago- nistic feeling, difficult for th e governing race to keep in orde^. I t would be supposed that these would sympathize with each other, and endeavor t o»promote and advance common civil rights. This is far .from being, the case hero. The Greek is not only the naturalfoeoftheMussulman,butheisconstantly warring against the Armenian, and th e same may be said o f each o f the religious political commuai- tiesoftheEmpire,renderingitimpossiblefor either ever to become the governing one, until edu- cation and liberality assume the ascendant overseems to be utterly destroyed, except in cases of leng a n d intimate acquaintance, a n d t h e public, having reached thq/t point a t which men are incapa- ble, of being surprised, is cnxiously awaiting further developments.;manner, conciliatory policy and prompt attention to all matters brought before him, either officially or other- wise, during ni8 term of office.eighty miles across the desert toward-the Arkadyeas, and were finally compelled to return unsuc- which humanity would be terribly the sufferer. • ; cessful because their horses gave out, ascertainedsess themselves of the; "Empire, and to reign overthe Mussulman. There would bo a struggle inThe leading events, o fbeen, briefly, these: An immense amount of stockhad been previously stoler during the Summer,in-cluding "one hundred and three animals taken fromthis vicinity in a single night. At last, upward of From Oat Own Reporter. fifty valuable horses and'mules were taken a t oncefrom a ranche on th e"£}atte, simultaneously withthe wanton murder of two men engaged in makinghay. Anattemptwasnxidetoconcealthecrimeh e past two weeks•by burning the cabin whicb contained the bodies of the murdered men; and several arrow-heads foundhaveharvester. The driver is of wood, which enables the inventor to use as large a diameter aa will secure am-Ele power, but still have lees weight to di8*rees the orees than if the wheel were o f ca*t-iron. Wilson's rake, which is attached to tire machine, and may be add<-dtoanyhand-rakingreaper,consistsoftwoarms with steelforks attached," which are operated by a cam, in such a way as to make the same motions as those of amaninrakingbyhand.In the implement tent there is a display of eyelessold style. On tbe bat dlo~"i<jan iron socket ana a etir- proper race t o retain t h e direction, of the whole. had been committed b y t h e Indians. B u t t h e ca)led again yesterday, h e would have found things i up pjacf d around both. The stirrup is drawn taut o uthat the fugitives were wiite'men.About the same time, two o r three interceptedreforms of his late lather. In this he was'ably sup- letters from Gordon, the escaped murderer, gave a quite filled by as pretty a collection of potted plants pbreDt. A rotary cultivhtiog: harrow invented and ex-The present Sultan has always been noted for bintained«'onlyfiveorsixpotsofwitheredebrubs,"isnow ofaday thevalueofthese eyeless toob3will beap- ;benevolence, liberality, and desire t o continue t h eend cut-flowers as he ever saw, even in Kentucky. hibi^d by Ormau Coe of WasbU'gton, Wisconsin, is a Theplantshavebeenarrangedafteranewandmoat novelty. Ithastwoflaringironbarsforsidee,which pre joined by a crossbar behind, the whole makings admirable fashion, viz: that ox putting them on the triangle. One each of*the sUe bare are three wheels **the Italian Confedetation." the Supreme Council of State (called the Ahkiami it may be said, also, of his mind—has produced se- "property-holder near tou'n, was kept a prisoner ground, in beds and groups, instead of on shflve3 or of spikes bent to a curve and eet at such au angle that highbencheB, where the glare of red pota and unsight- they revolve and fork he ground as tbe harrow trav-** tional Kingdom, wbjch should be a member of business of the Porte. A t the recommendation of I t seems there are people in t h e world who c a n . Adlith), the Sultan has clothed t h e Grand Vizier,portedbythelatecelebratedstatesman,RedshidPa-sha, whose untimely death was a serious loss to theEmpire. The feebleness of the Sultan's health—and the Vigilance Committeo. Que of them, a heavy,imagine that .Louis Ma >oieon is capable ofj-support- Mohammed Kibrisli Pasha, and the Minister of ing Murat with esometh ing more than a comfortableincome drawn from t i e State Treasury, j He is a s little likely'to help him to a throne as pus other heavycousin,Prince3japoleon.The letter finally succeeding in making a little both men of remarkable ability and energy, and if some of them animated with correct a n d patriotic ble ordeal to which h e h i d been subjected. I t isnoise, T/<« Moniteur oj' last Saturday published aikfte, the last half ofj which r a n thus: 'jbWt t h e ,-,**hopecontainediaU\sletterof(thewriter's)be- inces,itisthesetwohighfunctionaries.** ing able some day to go t o Naplesy witli the coti- Occurrences here have, within t h e last month,views;and others ofthem,looking moretotheir generallyunderstood tha;hemadeadetailedcon-personal advancement and the acquisition of wealth, fession in writing, which tvas corroborated in every thantothewelfareofthecountry. Theyaredi- particularbytwoofhisconfederates,whowerevided.into two parties or factions, neither o f which examined separately Iron him;" a n d that the Com-pared favorably with those of any other, but an un- timely Bhowtr ia the morning destroyed tiieee pleasaut expectations, and inadu it (fmHuc;allyj(:necee8aryto holdrious evils t o grow u p in the Government. T h e five o r six days, while the public were altogether in, entire nation has felt the, want., of-an. energetic ignorance of his whereat outs. At the end of thatly display of bare etemscifend the eye. ' els forward. From what I saw of ite operation IIntheFomologicalDepartment,thehorticulturist shouldthinkitagoodthiugforlightfallow,andfor will be struck with th e number of eupwrior Western covering seed; but I judge that it will ecaroely replace"apples, and the extraordinary size of Eastern varieties, the harrow on eod or heavy clay. which.inthegenia!ciimehavedoubledtheirorigioalsize. ThursdaywastohavebeenthelastdayoftheFair, As to grapes, one single vigneron, Mr. Fred Schueike, and it Whs expected that the receipts would have com- aSwitB, Bhowa twenty-seven varieties of native varie-ties, and two more men, twenty each; whilo of pearsEllw-Knger & Barry of Eochester. N . Y ., have 200varietieaeach,separateanddistinct,uponthetable. overto.-m.oirow. Thereftillremmtobeexamined There are plenty of things to complam of, as indeed the trotting 8tal'.ionB, mares, and some other classesof there are at every agricukural show, but for the sake horses. The premium for the beet trotting stallion is of Justus-let us give the devil bin due. I saw the $0(0—a cum large enoogh to warrant thsSociety in l^ouiaville show, to which " W. K." alludes, and I anticipating a largeattendance of people Ihe Hamil- eay it did not compare in the fruit and flower depart- ton and Dayton Railroad Company, which has actwd mentB with this, either as regards quality or quantity. throughput tins Fair with unequaled meanness and Theimplementdbplayhereislarge,andCv>moriiies folly,hasconcludedattheeleventhhourtocharge25 eome u-ventions ofspecial merit; tuere were never cents'fortheroundtri^toandfromthegrounds. IfH better Short-horns, Uovons, or Herefords shown in had not beea eo greedy as to atk over2icent« per Americathanwerethere, although sofarasnumboisg o , t h e f e a r o f c a t t l e - d i a e a s o h a s k e p t m a n y a w a y ; t h e i n t o t o w n a f t e r g e t t i n g t h e m o u t t o t h e j r r o n n d B , t h e r eS*vereign, and dissensions have grown up amongthe higher public men, followed b y corruption a n dvenality t o an alarming extent. The whole Govern-Syria;with almost unlimited powers. Theyare mentiBnowcomposedof sometenortwelveiuen, seemedtohavegrown five yearsolderintheterri-Foreign Affairs, Fuad Pasha, both absent from the Capital, the former in Bosnia, and the latter inany one can arrest the troubled state of these prov-themto manage the Government. The influenoeclew to the horsestealing organization, and two o r three of its members.wero immediately secured bytime he again made his. appearance^ asserting that he had been absent on a business trip to the mounr tain; but he was peculiarly haggard and worn, and' .Janissaries led the reigning family and its friends to Emperor of Franco in European affairs naturally promptly obeyed. The list that the driver or pas- thoroughbrtd!; Ho Bay« that old BoBton hae a slip in purpoece in'lNew-york harbor by the Board of Undor-seekanewformofadministration,and,ifpossible,giveshisEmbassadormuchweightwiththePorte, sengerssawofFordhewasstandingnearthoroad-anditis,perhaps,nowthemostprominentatthe side,Burroundedby"hiscaptors,andafuwdays afterhiscorpsewasdiscovered,amilefromthe c a p i t a l . K u s s i a , e t i l l s e e k i n g t o r e g a i n h e r l o s t r o a d , r i d d l e d b y e i g h t b u c k s h o t . T h e m e n w h oprestigom theEast, endeavorstoprofitbythisetateofthingsandtobringaboutthecrisis*ode- tookhimwereentirelyuadieguised,andareunder-hwpedigreehisdam,AliceCarneal,notbeingapod- writera. Imaginemyenrpriseineeeingtbepap^f8U<t0 lgr*edanimal,andthathenceBoston'sworld-renownod tbatthepumpwaaemployedbytbeBoardofXJudex-eonLexingtonhnotathorooghbred. Thisruling U»ke>B!Peilutps,withnoveryintimate.acquaintance: w U l b*> b o t h n i H t r u c t i v e a n d t t m u B i n g t o h o r s ^ b r e e d e r w w i i h u a c h i n e r y , o u r c o m p o s i t o r h a d a v > g u e n o t i o ninLnghmdardAmerica,andwillprovokecontroversy thattiiepumpwas.tobeusedinrecoveringthe;bodio8totfcoextentofCol.Ware-'*utmostdeidre.ThemoBt ofpertonadrownl&din>nondeorlakee.byremovingthe /privethevariousMinistersofStateandtheGov-.voutlydesiredbyher;andnotdaringtodothis stoodtobewellknownlere,butasallthepa*son- remarkableofthethoroughbredswasoilFashion, water,.andleavingadrybedexposed! ,cXioalition, and A'spoJcon; i s i n favor o f i t Jbesides; ernors o f t h e Provinces o f t h e almost unlimited openly, ahe secretly excites both the Armenia'ria» gers have gone on to the river, and tho driver, who now 27 years old, who took the $500 premium ia tho Ae this Utter ie closed, the sun go^s down m al.biaxe fc/ibfcnndfortheresthedon];careafigwhetherthere--is powerwhichtheyexercisedintheSultan'sname; andGreeksagainstthpSultan,while,ifthesecould hasreturnedtotowri,•vasafterwardwarned,at laceofcompetitionbytwelveorthirteen,younger ofglorywhichieacceptedbytheofflce-eortheSociety or not; Austria wd her Emperor are objects of pro? The fin-it sfo-ps taken by Sultan Selim to this purpose but look into th e future, they would see no im - the peril of hislife,' not U give their names, "it i8 not horece. There were no,trolteis except regular profeR- as a favorable augury for the ftnate to-mprrow. ThereIbun4 esteem. Sueh-is the drift of somi-official edi- cost him his life,, and raised his nephew, Sultan enerally known, or oven Buspected who they were. ftional rscers, but the show of M,rgan and Bl^ck waa muchexoitement to-day iu regard to the trial ^f^4*fe*tori8ls. ThereisavertdecidedeffortmakingIto Mustttpha,tothethrone. Thiswasareaction, provementoftheirevilconditionunderthedespotic iTord-waswellknownhere,jhaviogcomotothis Hawkswaslargo,andnofarasstallion*areconcerned, steamfireengines,forthiscityhasanespecialinterestprevent tha tendency lb coaJition from |growing successfully carried out by.the foes of the now remarkablyJine. There were 13 horsea in the $5u0 and pride in thejprpgreaa cf the machine toward popu-stronger; to pn^vent thej half-and-half arrai)gements oftheTepiits(U^einn^ >,whatevertheywjro,fromrule of the Czar, whose,policy would be to produce region from Council-Blu U, Iowa. He has an esti- nrg, lor this class of.stallions, which wore never tmr- lar favor. Compet«nt*)udgea were appointed; and, all , measures, and the Juninsary party prevailed. It, a unity of religion, and that Greek, throughout the rouble family in that city who have been sustaiaed pateod in this couttr; for exceilcnoe, although mord things being ready at the appointed hour, the word wasconsolidating;ro pi5Weuj; theret:ent M t e r fc»lmghowever,Jived buta abort time, andtheliberul!3En«t. luo.notbelieve,.however,thatthebetterIfor month» bythe charityofneighbors,whilehe Untitled DocumenthorBeecompetedat.SfcLouis las',year; and,astothegiven,andawaythe tiret iriadiiae went.Thefour•It is how asserted that Ford was the president,COM»<lTTatBeyrouttoGov.SeymourofConnecticut,appearsin hisallegedconfederates,takenasaprisoner,in climaxofintensityMr.Barnbampresidfdiotheconn-FROMPANAMA,meat'withinthebullofth*aeedcontainsaverylarge still more startling and alarming developments, lature ba"8 b«en published tinoe my last. The most im- percentage of oil] and more nutritive properties inthetnrvxd »vLich o Ceputatiuixor creates dieseEftlons^wmcn uistract the people at ConBtitutionan'i'Dy4awBl bound together by the the protection of America, England, and France; it is showin a separate article before lonsr. :pairing, a n dTOOOther >utward and visible \signs of over to Marshal McMahoo-, and on which is in- large, demoralizing them, and result in disunion f y i solemn oaths, employing a complete, aystem his devotion to religion,] )atent proof against all ar- scribed " Ulrlande oppresste au brave soldat Mac~ among those who woald otherwise live in peaceful ofsigns. gripe, and pas3-words, and.extending in itsdonbtfnl whether our legislators have among them po-litical acutnen enough to entertain such a proposition; P. Cook of Touawaoda, N. Y., has a simple and effi- The next moat interesting paragraph i n the message CBciouS machine for cutiing lumber into thin boards andthan I have mentioned on m-v Central American news so; gho. T t e cryetals in these ne *r samples are sharp,FrancisreadyforseaatAspinwall,andshesaihTina •whentheyarecut<ffandheaded,thehaader'being worked by a cam. It can be so adjusted aa to makedoubt that S r . Santiago de la Guardia will be elected.Sr.Joe&d.eObaldiatheretiringGovernor,willleave rakingreaper,hasaijaewmowerandreaperat;thiaU.S, AGRICULTURALSOCIETY'SFAIR. ing. Thegearingisadenca«edtoexcludedirt,apoint which has an important. bearing upon the meri's of aCLOSEDTSPLA Y—INAL O F FIRE ENGINES.O FTIIEEXHIBITION—-THE RE THOROUGHBREDPOMOLOGICAL HORSES—TRI-CIN-CINJUTI,Sept.20,1860. In-looking at the stars, it makes a good deal of dif-eye;aidIthinkthatifthecorrespondentwhowrotef••ITherearom-,reH*r*fordsh«retbaaIhaveevermm Waterturn*dstudios which eame into an exmbition hafinerbloom, or tin rider a<yle. jfc,I• '•'..•&&tftefo&&&&h&i^^Thomas M. Tryniski 0*00&Brt~;- fc.:•.-,':'::iii_:..' •..-:• :'::l^Z£Z&j&x^.309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069'•'•;'.""''-j -••'•••••••••-••;/:•: .._...,.;..,•••'• ••• - H ^ ^aafflSiiwww.fultonhistory.comV.,-,., ..•.-,-<•:'..•;;i ; >-i^ 