 k n e w w e r e jt*aw the doat* fountain abo** [known, whoseTheybi«iw ft0 de-fr'*y th* jht bare bee*irCnxwtophergTeatfire.klctiaaaee, the rho have been|m ia rebaild- >U* *o]g*5e >rasirkalbfe cir»and yet *£**in geatlem** 111 without the BiHtaeat Hoes*or who jthe present ttia<s, \CMXarchitect uisbed the de- tbe " Capful ;ity except, thatthe Cam mo* ^tectoftheGHy -rioe church©*, [little know* aa that Horace tod to revive a erection of has •atUementa/' a ttmeof the mas. Gothic arobi- i revival? The a the not very ncr of Hoaste* a fee»i« be- led to great architect. w h » vd by his ntore tors. We know Trinity Church, Paol'E and St.ar crder of archd- lumbers o£*fine which have s, as if at the now nothing of a their beauty. ngrossed in thair ing their reputsV- of Architects,"ier, do not le*ra never send any >f the Xitioa-J w centuries the >«, Viscouds, aad cendanta; but we ixcept from theiride.resently opened ng,on the corner s a lew veryfiaeman school*, iiw te. ButthefUeet be piece by Vaa xtchfrigate lying •ar.ge craft under ad with great ac-good. But the i B«>est's mixvel- ction of the sea, i by a hurricane, recently fiafched ve a much betterman Johnson in- the North-We* among the half « ,ad the coouaMof J that he might fiad back slams of theIdorfF Gallery in I SamQtbn, an Ea rery admirables resided for'sev- >me front,-thirty decorated, the noon the head*a good fom, straight Jcga, and a graceful, manly bear- ing—a handsome face is not of so much importance, as false ^aMk,^^.pearj|[,wWte end wage will mitigate or correct any,amount of facial ugliness, >ut Where's thedted dollars xame to th^Jbionfe, it wiEJbe seen that th»l theater loses n o i h ^ / w b i l e thei actor gaina two hwi-Jeniaws ontirsotCwMtmghanj wrote hie Jeeble etitkkm upoa it. ventoreare now patiently endeavoring to perfect. The who are engaged as meeiurers, cutters, & a , reseive JUs**** ekquemee wiH make it as renowned as the -whale* bar* so generally turned tail on the whalers as from'|3to1|9 per week; 'J $ .i:-'.^' --'-^ •-•-Iptare, painting, NO hundred feet U one for Amer-ose for foreiga j,iura Keene's Ite marble. Theit is .iatended t» cy by the let ofAt this season of the year, with the increased de- mand for labor, the workingmen of tho various trades usually expect an increase in the rates of wageB.Strike?, and tin cits to strike, usually occur just about this time. With a view to this, trade societies and protection clubs meet to consult together as to thethere was known to exist within a few miles of thatirdFreio. &>ra» { ed before he left J talent for genre $'entry occupied by lyn, where he has srresenting a twi-J m purchased 1ry »o is onthepoiatofJlain several years-:-,and much more the Academy ia^ night list, there;>klyn Dod worth's, •j-led any similar pray of a crowded Iperfect mania for- le very fine collcc- vere not a great euday tight, but en to advantage.xpenter, were the unt of space, and on and Hubbard,ed nothing. Th«p| :ed debut on tin*| " portrait of a |Her coin bis line ofeen consulting tbs* archaeology, Mr-parpose of juetify'jj d Stripes," wbi*^ he picture. of thtfj tat the artia-. wi# ieateaant gchnyi**fLean Flag has£ to him^ and bis point, thei was never heard of Princetonthe same error Iftwaie," he dcu?lieved of all trouble of preparing it for market. Bat as new mills are established, supplied with thij cheap American machinery, the case will be different. The seed alone pays well to grow it, and what may be realized frcm the straw, now thro wn away, will be so much clear gain. Cott m grows only in hot countries, but flax in all climates. Europe consumes far more linen than we do, because the price there is only one- half what it is with as. Whoever, therefore, Bets up the first linen factories in this country, will probably realize enormous profits, just as the earlier English cotton spinnezs am&sued princely fortunes. As every State can grow flax, the consumption of linen wouldin bankB is about"seven hours a day. are kept open about the same time.Insurance offices .-.evercroes your brain to inquire into the financial se- crets of those many persons #whose faces are never seen(on the stage, but without whom the stage would have but little attractiveness for you or anybody else; rneaning of course the noble army of scene-painters, wardrobe makers, stage-carpenters, gasmen, and oth- ers whose good works are done behind the green cur- tain, to eay nothing of the musicians, the tioket-sellers, the uahere, the check-takers, the private polise officers, and the other officials whose duties are before tho foot- lights and more immediately with your sovereign eelf, Mr. P . But all these people muet be paid, and are paid, in prosperous time, in current coin, or in equally current bank notes. The scale of remuneration for the humbler people connected with a theater ia not BOele- vated as to hold out extravagant inducements to the rising generation, and the hundred-dollar-a-week posi- tions are only attainable by long years of such weary work, as would suffice to discourage nine-tenths of those who sigh for the tinsel glory of the atage, and does discourage ninety-nine out of a hundred of thone who actually enter the profession. There is a popular notion that any man who has art brains, or energy, or sen Be enough to make a decent living at anything else, can alwajs turn his attention to farming, or editing, orof the theater, is equally divided between the Star and the Manager. Thus, for example, if the expenses of the house are three hundred dollars per night, and'the re- ceipts four hundred dollars, the lucky Star and the for- tunate Manager pocket fifty dollars each per night. This is the fairest basis on which to conduct the starring sys-tem, because by this plan the salaries of all the stock company are assured Jirtt, and the profit to the Star depends on his own power of attracting the public to the theater.In New-York the salaries paid, to stock actora are higher, ODthe average, than those in any other city in the United States. The managers ignore, to a great extent, the technical " lines of business," and engage the best artists that can be had, and then havo plays specially written in which each of their leading actors shall have a part suited to his peculiar powers. While thisplan secures to the New-York public the finest act- ing that can be seen in the country, it also entails upon the managers a salary list of dunensions that would swamp a provincial theater in a single w«ek. The leading actors, as Messrs. Lester, Brougham, Blake and Walcot, at Wallack'a Theater; Messrs. Jefferson, Jordan, and Pearson, at the Winter Garden; Messrs. Mark Smith, and Vincent, at Laura Keene's Theater, receive from fifty dollars to one hundred dollars per week. The other salaries vary from fifteen dollars to forty dollars per week. Salaries for women are about half, or perhaps two-thirds of what are paid to men holding corresponding positions. General utility men, supernumeraries and ballet girls receive from three dol->ngIsland, which be formed into an 3best to outdo ita :er. It ii buildingbe *o great as to weaken tho only p o p can Slavery possesses.whichAmeri-r for it. W e tree of hisIf if he can. lutaasta hashviews of remarkable places and objects, and the pro DRY 'Goons CLERKS (retail) have salaries varying keepers and rumflellera.duction of pictures has suddenly grown into a business from $400 to $1 000 per year. Tne hours worked POLICE OFFICERS receive an annual salary of $800, employing hundreds of female artists. But the Scereo- average about 13 or 14 a day. I n the wholesale Police Sergeants $900, and Captains $1,200. The •oope, beautifol as it came from the mind of its invent- business, the hours occupied are from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. time of theee officers ia apportioned, aa nearly ae'eau or, may yet be considered to be in its infancy. It will The salaries of clerks in this branch are regulated en- be described, aa follows: In a preaihet there are two yet be greatly modified and improved in the hands of tirely by the value of the business which they can com- platoons, and in each platoon four sections. We givedinary diminution in the supply. ;*P., or any other man. who deBXfea io become aprofi-- whole benefit system is based upon the supposition There ia a carriage-maker in Providencs, R. L, whot exhausted T new subject in a-ional Gallery, of expletive*..CornhiH Hag**xyle. Toe >f notice sincecient in those graceful arts. Nor does an actor master his French verb and pronoun, or get through his *i do, re, mi" exercises without quite aa much patience and peraevexence as those rudimentary rtnmbling-blocks demand of the un-Theepian student.Putting gonius, or extraordinary aptitude for jthis particular calling out of the question, among the nat- ural quaKficationa the actor shouldpossess are, a goodThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tbat; none; but- an actor whose position in the theater eives notice that he can make a carriage which will gi^eshim, an ^pVtranity of making himself afivorite " carry a man into office or anywhere else," andhe with the people,''is* entitled to a benefit; and that upon also ^repairs carriages in a constitutional and Union-.such occasions the actor and his friends will ao'exert likemanter." ,...' •••><>.Ible endeavors in the arduous part of the " peasant girl," or who, as a member of the ballet, kicks up her gay heels with the others of that Bhort-Bkirted persua-last sum was for years the demand of Mr. Edwin For- ancients extensively, and hence that high polish which.rtst. Other stars are* generally content wish certain they are known to have given to stone, orvstal, silver, and every description of metal. Both in England and.... -.,._ —| ^ | > m S » w ^ B a p l » e l . ,, . . L.,.Z~tl i« pleasant to find thai the people of our NationalCapital, who have been condemned by Congr««stoeadure the bronze night-mares of Clark Mkto, ftrerestive under their afflictions. Tit Washington. crop,and Western Pennsylvania is going crazy in sink- into:shirts. The only time which they economize is in courtwith theirprisonera. Their time ia also taxed 4>any. ia produced .every night, as in- case of a new thirtyrfive dollars to fifty dollars"per\Wee*.,;;TbeBtatts is terribly eevere on ihe hideous efflgy of Wash- ing oil wells. We have been so long on tiptoe for their sleeping time, and their food is economized for by attendance uponr&ials for the purpose of giving "star" who plays hi? own pieces, a day's work of an ga^en, carpenterf, etc, receive about theaamejiWTiey Jpgte*, wbieb has just been set up there, pronouncing PTof. Sanders's water gas to be introduced into.Phila- them by circumBtances over which it would appear testimony. For this last reason many arrests are not actor may beset dovinaa follows: To atudy (learn that is paid for similar jcrvices else wl^re^liatWf, ft worse than the equestrian statue ef Jackson, which delpiia, that the posture has become painful,, and we they have but li'tle control. 'In some instances we made by officers whose day off fallsupon that next $o by heart), a part not exceeding six "lengths" (a from eight dollars to twenty dollars per peer week. BOoae will believe. But what does Tht States mean must speedily come down from it unless the Professor have been informed that where there are two or three the night when they are doing n'ght duty. The ser- •*length" ia forty-two lines), attend rehearsal from Scene painters receive from twenty-five dollars to fortyVy calling Mr. Mills a " charlatan and a mechanic ?"comes down from his. Gas-light journals are widely cir- or more women or girls engaged in this enterprise of geants are liable to the same Hne of duty, except ten to one or two, and act at night, in one or more dollars per week. ,SCIENCE,culatedhereandinEurope,andthecallformorelight makingshirtBtoenablegentlementoappearreepesta- the peculiarityresultingfrom matting arrests aud pieces. Thatis,sixlengthsnewstudy,rehearsal,and Thusyouperceive,Ouirmitiattdpublic,thatwhile INDUSTRY, AND INVENTION. is imperative as it was in the primal darkneae, though b)e in society, they absolutely divide the night season appearance in courts. The captain in each precinct is playing at night, is what may be required of an actor certain jhiniDg light* of the profession make large.atuna farfrombeingsopotential. Inthiaemergency,anew into watches, so that the claims ofsleep may not undeis'oodtobewithinreachatamoment'scallatany 'faraday'sworkwithoutgivbgoccasionforgrumbling ofmoney,the rankandfileare notoverpaid,butare*frcm 12 p. m. till sunrise, on patrol; from suurise toituset, off duty at home. At all times, whether on re-perve, in bed at the station-house, oi at home, tbey areliable lo be called out in cases of fire and riot. Ifwhile on duty they have made any arrests, then in thein seeking to squeeze what we need out of the hog other mission on earth bat to sew' up bleached muslin morning, when off"duty, they^are compelled"fcrappe&r <l, In a.theater where.a drama unfamiliar to the corn- mente nine dollars per week—the leader has fromto make the supply of oil wholly^inauffiaient for the worM's requireBwnts,' even without the railroads. Cincinnati is becoming a mere grease-«pot;on'the earthSHIMT MAKinsi—Women who make shirts by hand are paid for fine shirtB from .d8 cents apiece to $1. Those who make at the lower prices appear to havet nodred dollars. - *$gThe nrttticians Teceive for playing leading instru-glimmer comes from England. The lime light, first snatch from the grasp of the shirt manufacturers an time curing the twenty-four houra. at lhe managera There are many actors who, upon severely woked. They have their "strikes," tod, • Tie annalsi of invention for a twelvemonth past known as the Drummond Light, has been there re- iota of their lights. In this way, by working about 20 " TAILORS are'generally a hard:woiking class of men ah urgent occasion, will study from ten to fifteen •though never on account of low prisea—but only when nave not been marked by any of those remarkable vived by Mr. J. H. Bastable, with improvements by hours a day, the amazing sum of $2 50, and sometimes and women* Formerly a man took a coat and fabri- lengths in a day, besides attending to their other du- the salaries are not paid at alL Musicians, actors, sttscovexies that have given "preeminence to the first Mr. Proseer. This light is produced by the combustion $3, ia earned per week. . cated it himself, buV sow the coat is divided into parts, ties. This, however, is never required except in case chorus singers, bidlet gi'ls, and superrmnier^ries, can,half of tte present century. Yet it cannot be doubted there are great inventions now struggling in some;DUEss MAKERS when busy are usually well paid. and apportioned to. different hands. Raadv-made jbf sudden rickness of another performer, or some sim- upon occasion, be asrefractory as the maetriotous saoe-of certain gases in combination with lime, and is BOin-tense that the eye quails under its overpowering bril-BWIMJR toward the point of definite perfection which liancy. It has beea repeatedly exhibited in this ticf8,whb are expected to give about eight hburs-aday sewing-machine. Coats are now made at from $1 to, « B jnstify their being promulgated to the world. ' country, but its greatest triampUB Were achieved in sewing for two or three years, for the privilege.of ac-• $6 each. The basting of the parts is usually done bySome of these are occasionally foreshadowed in the England, where Drummond made Lie light .visible a. quiring a knowledge of the ait. v*omen, but.the price ia included in the 8um quoted. harder than in New-York, and paid much less. The brated clergymen, and an actor of average ability gets ackntific journals of the day. But whether they be distance of 95 miles. English patents, issued la3t year, PRINTERS on the morning papers get paid at the Vesta' of all qualitie8 are paid for at from 25 cents to starring BJstem universally prevails, which necessi- a salary five tim* s larger than that of a country minis-perfected within the next fifty years or not» the pres- claim to have so much improved the original invention rate of 35 cents per 1,000 ems, and on evening papers, $1 75eash; mostly not higher than $1 25. Pantaloons tates a constantBuccestionof new plays,'most-of which ter—BO much the worse for you, O public, who should ent may be as jofttlf called the Century of Inventions as to render it cheap enough for dwellings, factoriee, 32 cents per 1,000 cms. Good compositors do not aver- aje.madeatfrcm 37c. to $2 a pair. Persons possessed have to be studied from night to night, as a play is not learn, not to reward your actors less, but pay your as the obscuf e and puzzling volame pat forth from the and all other purposes to which gas is now applied. age more than $18 a week, working ten hours a day. of machines make up large quantities of clothing at oft*n acted two nights in Buc'cesaionin small cities. In parsons more. "'prolific brain of the Marquis of Worcester. The is- An association called the Lime Light Company ia about Newspaper printers generally, however, do not aver-, very low prices, but by the speed at wh'ch they can New-York,onthecontrary,aplayisseldombrought • » • • — — — — I —sues of our Patent Office for a year past have been introducing this improved illumioator into. London, so age more than $14 a week. The hours of labor (night wojk the machineB, they are enabled to produce suf- out without opportunity for slow and careful study THE HANGING OF MRS. SILANSKY INInumerous as ever, but most of them run in old chan- nels Tbey are simplifications of well-kuown processes, details of former discoveries now carried out to the last point of excellence, the finishing touch to abso- lute perfection.. Among the branches so elaborated, that of Agricultural Implements is conspicuous. True, though it msy be safely predicted that a thou^ndthat the probability is that either from London or Phil- adelphia we may look'for some mi'igation of our intol- erable gas bills.A hook for a whiffie-tree, from which the trace never day, ten hours, are paid from $11 to $12a week. Press- earnings in the various trades and professions daringcan get loose, however alack it may be, while in use,and frequent rehearsals, and when the piece has a successful " run'-'••the actors have no new study for tevtral weeks. Inthecaseof "The American Cousin," which was played at Laura Keene's Theater for oneST. PAUL, MIN.mWe learn from The St. Paul Pioneer of March 21 that this unfortunate woman wis hanged on Friday, the 23d. The crime alleged against her was that off poisoning her husband on the 12ch of March, 1859.arating and purifying the fibers; for classifying the barrel, inside and out, to keep clean. A child can fill about 12 hours in the day, for which they receive re- it, churn it, empty it, wash it, with less strength thanlong and short fibers, by which an expert boy can *do it takes to lift a bucket of water. It has no dasher, but spectively—Drivers, $8 75, and Conductors $10 50 a the work of fifty hackiers, and in a far better manner, ie simply a plain barrel, of any required size, hung week. They have no privileges such as a holiday orWatch-makers....'.'.ACTORS—THEIR7.WORK PAY.ANDand in the general simplification of the preparing ma- chinery, such as the drawing and roving-frames, so that a linen factory will require no more capital than one for cotton. Experience with this improved ma- chinery has shown that flax straw at $o per tun can be converted into fine linen fiber which will cost only 2j een-s per pound, and that to go on and fit; it for »pin- ning it as cheaply as cotton, the whole cost will be only 5 cents. At these fi^ares, linens will be as cheap as cottons. Machines are now in use at Eaton, Day- ton, Xenia, Piqua, and other places in Ohio, for break- ing anrotted flax, costing about $400 each, which break out-two.tuns of unrouod flax per day, enoach to make. when refined and purified, some 400 pounds of linen goods. At Baton, the flax thus produced is, for the first time in that region, converted into an adsoirable article for covering cotton bales. In these machinesthe fifX straw passes through a succession of fluted rollers, which hold, crnah, and carry forward the sheet of straw, which is simultaneously acted on by several pairs of sharp steel-toothed combe, which divide the fibers without upturing tbein, and clearing away ths ahovea The flax comes from the rollers in the form ofupon iron pivots in a frame, and made to revolve end over end by a crank, the cream dashing back and forth. One end of the barrel ia made moveable and convenient to take off, and is fastened on by a thumb-screw, air- tight. After the cream is put in, and the cover fastened down, a small air*pump is attached, and the barrel charged with air and then revolved. Without attemp >ing a reason, we will say that this aerifying has a re- markable and beneficial effect upon the cream, and apparently improves the quantity and quality of \he better. This churn ie not yet made known to farmers. It come to us from S. B. Vail, of this city, under thejoawo vX " Lapliam &LWi'oon'o Air proosuro Chum."a half holiday, unless they make special application, ora beautiful and comparatively clean sliver, felled to- status of wages, and what are the best steps toplace a large bed of white marl, or clayey substance, tributed in like manner, the " Chambermaid" answer- deemed to be of little importance except for white-gether like cotton from the drawing frame of a cotton factory.Now this machinery has not yet been applied to manufacturing linens, but it soon will be. There is no good reason for linens being two to three times dearer than cotton goods, when the cost of the ra v fiber ofbe taken in ca«e the employers refuse to com- ply with the demands of the workmen. In.order to show how the people are paid for their labor, ourjreporter has procured information aa to the amount paid per week, month, or year, to the members of va- rious trades and professions, including some of the branches of business in which women or girls are em- ployed. It may as well be understood, however, that the account given herewith is by no means a full one, but as it includes the principal trades, it may be deemed sufficient to impart an idea of the average ratea ofwages, and the time occupied in earning them.BRICK LAYERS, when fully employed, work 10 hours per day, and earn $10 to $12 per week. They are out of employment, upon an average, about three monthsof the yc8r.STONE CUTTERS average about $8 per week, work-ing 10 hours a day. Some years they lose about lour months, from frequent frosts, and other causes.IRON MOLDERS work largely " by the piece," but the average wages which they receive is $10 per week at 10 houis per day.ENGINEERS, MIIXWRICHTS and MACHINISTS aver- age about $11 per week, working ten hours per day. Overtime ia rated higher and varies in different places.HOUSE CARPENTERS receive, for working ten hours per day, $9 to $12 per week. . .CABINET MAKERS and PIANO MAKERS of every de- partment receive upon an average from about $8 to $12 per week, for working ten hours per day. Their work, however, is by the piece.HA TTERS work by the piece altogether, and their wages for 10 hours a day are $10 a week; that ie, in- cluding tho various departments, from the foundation to the finishing.BAKER- receive from $5 to"$7 per week, and forthat sum work about 17 hours per day. .BREWERS and DISTILLERS, or laborers in breweries and distilleries, work 12 hours per day, Sunday in- cluded, and receive about $G per week.NEwsrAJ'ER PRESSMEN receive, for 8 hours a day, $12 Der week.BooKBiNitERs work 10 hours per day, mostly by the piece, their wageB avera ing about $9 per week.FOLDING GIRLS engaged in bookbinding establish- ments work about 10 hours a day, and earn from $1 to $5 a week.^BOOT A.\n SHOEMAKERS in small shops, where theyare paid by the week, work as long as the boss works,broadly funny parts in all the plays.The remuneration of actors comes next into consid-that this marl is chiefly composed of tripolt, a marine dcpos>t of much value, heretofore only known to exist in Africa, the Isle of France, Tasoauy, and in somerne, a son of the 1 both is so nearly equal. Flax will not bs gro wn ex- bj for the purpose tensively in this country, until the farmers can be re-" sharing terms:" that is, the grosa receipa after a cer- sion ? Of course you never did, nor did it probably tain specific amount has been deducted for the expensesAmerica attempts have been maie to produce a substi- tute for trip^li; but although many excellent polishing substances have been produced, none of them are at all comparable to the newly-discovered tripoli of Canada. A company has been formed, The Review says, who have purchased the property and patented the discov- ery.' They are now manufacturing it upon a large scale, girine: employment to between thirty and forty persons. This discovery is an important one, if the facts are as above stated.SA V AGE ASSAUL T BY A HORSX.—Y esterday after- noon, as Mr. John Short was returning from a funeral at Mount Royal Cemetery, in turningto leave the cem- etery road the horse slipped and fell, the sleigh over- turning at the same time. While Mr. Short was stoop - ing down to releaae the horse from the harness, so as enable him to get up, his foot slipped andhe fell, when the animal savagely seized one of his legs, and, not- withstanding a long boot he had on, bit and gnawed it in a shocking manner. The horse, while holding tho leg. abook it fiercely, similar to the way in which a terrier dog shakes a rat. He put his hand in the heorsVs mouth to get hold of his tongue, to make him let go his hold, but to no purpose. The cries of Mr. Short soon brought some pereonB to his assistance; but, though the horse was kicked and beaten eeverely about the nead, he would not let go his bold of the leg; and he was only finally compelled to do so by repeated strokes on the foreheud from the heavy handle of the whip of a cirter, who had just driven up, which made him un- conscious. Dr. Godfrey was early in attendance and dressed the woundB. We are happy to a*y there are no bones broken, and that the accident will not oe a serious one, so that his confinement will be but for a few days. [Montreal Pilot, March U.vBARBERS are usually employed about 11hours a day. Infiist-claas Baloonethey cauaverage $10 a week. For? merly, they were paid almost uniformly at the rate of $12 a week, but in mai>y of the establishments a new system hae been introduced, and the men are paid-a commission on the work actually performed. In sec- ond and third-rate saloons a regular amount is paid weekly, usually from $4 to $6. Tbia is one of the pro- fessions in the exercise of which at least a portion of the Seventh day is absorbed. Barbers' shops are gen- erally kept open on Saturdays till midnight, and on Sun days till noon.SALOON W AITERS.—Thia class of labor is performed by young men and girls. Although the girls are pre- ferred in some places, and do make moat excellent waitresses, their remuneration is not as high as that paid to the men. In eome places, the men get as high as $14 a month; in moat cases, however, they do not receive more than $12 a month. The girls get paid from $S to $10 a month, varying according to expe- rience. The hours employed do not exceed iu most cases ten per day. These rates are exclusive of boardT u x STZBXOSCOPZ.—Wheatst>ne'» invention of the Stereoscope~T8 one of the marvels of gsnuine science, more startling than the Kaleidoscope, and destined to becoxe as popular as the Daguerreotype. It has al- ready obtained an immense currency in every city in the Union, and will ultimately find its way into every farmhouse where the merest modicum of appreciation of the beautiful in art exists, elevating and refining the public taste, and proving itself the cheap and cor- rect teacher to an embryo artist. The word Sk.ereo- sco^e means the method of seeing objects solid, instead of j/iUine. As Wheatstone first constructed it, it w*s an anangement of duplicate pictures, taken, just as do- the human eyes, from portions slightly different from each other. These, placed inside a box, were reflected in mirrors in such a manner that the light proceeding frotn ihem would seem, to tVe eyes, to emanate from the *ame spot. W e see that the**; pictured are all flat, yet the wonderful transformation vas effected of re- producing them solid. Hence the indescribable perfee- ticn of the perspective, un shown in som* of the slidesrepresenting statuary, ruin**, caves, and waterfalls. To g/ve the lationale of this beautiful invention would cccnpy too niuch apace. But in the department ol fine anc, it may be pronounced the most wonderful achieve- ment, since that of Daguerre. As an ornament to the parlor table1 or the deKgbt of an evening party, it has no rival. It*, ebeapncwj, f>o, is surprising. They are already eoW, with a dozen views, as low as $3, while American ingenuity immediately added valuable im-and' lodging. Where lodgings are not provided, an acting, and come out rich or famous, or both, in a yearallowance is made for that purpose.»»r,,the world of ingenious men to whose admiring fan-mand.. They are. usually paid a commission on their sales.the timing of one section, which describes the whole. The first section, for instance, turns out to do duty at sunrise; they return to the station-house at 8 o'clock a. m.; from 8 to 9 they take breakilaet; from 9 to 12 m. they rema'jx on reserve at the station-house; fromthemselves to fill the house that the benefit will in re-ality cost the manager nothing, the " third" or " hsdT'which ie paid over to the performer being a surplusover what would otherwise have been the receipts.Too ML-CH Srci>r.—The School Comnuttee. have forbidden the assignment of lessons for. study out of BChool in the Boston schools forg-iris. I h e : C % Phy- sician had become convinced of the alarming evils w- sulting from such studies.,cies it has been so charmiiur a contribution.HOOPED 8KIRT MAKERS.—The girls who work at Gis LIOWT.—There are in this country some 300 the sewing-machines in the Hooped Skirt department gas works, and hundreds of towns which yet remain work about nine hours a day, and receive thereforAn application for divorce Wbefore the PettttsylvanimLABOR ANDWAGES.GROCERS' CLERKS have hard work and long hours. Tbey open store between 5 and 6 o'clock a. m., with but very fihoit intervals for meals, continue on daty till 11 o'clock p. m. They usually board in the family of the enapbyer, in the immediate vicinity of the store, and receive from $12 to $16 per month.DRUG CLERKS are employed from 7 o'clock a. m. to 10 o'clock p. m., with intermissions for meals, aud oc- casional half-days off duty. The rate of wages seldom exceeds $9 a week, including board.BANK and INSURANCE CLERKS are paid at almost every rate between nothing and $10,000 per annum. There is a multitude of young mon in this city who get no salary for their services whatever. They are sup- ported by affluent parents in the country, who are anx- ious that their sons may acquire a tiiorough knowledge of business. There are others employed at nominal salaries, Buch as $100 up to $500. The time occupiedto be lighted ia the same way, or by some one or o^her- from $5 to $6 a week. The girls engaged in the pro- 12 to J, dinner;, from 1 till sundown they are .on pa-Thau; it H e average nightly receipte of aihaater arenumbiy,'a '" quick study," by which is meant the ca- four hundred dollars, and an actor claiming a " third Lcgiskture, grounded on the allegation that the wifo ,ef the diflcrcnt agencies which, as a well known, ia- cetfa of knotting earn about $4 a week. Boys and menti-ol; from sundown to 12 p. HU, supper and sleep; pability of committing word*Wmemory with ranidity; «kar" bsnsfit, e u , ea that ©ooatton, attract two hua- habitually purloined the husbaud'a good* and c^veye*! them to her relations.There are no regular hours of work except for apprea cloibing ia. jeewed almost entirely by. the aid of theilar extraordinary event.In provincial theaters the actors are worked muchmakers, and many a time have refused to.go on witSt the performance till all arrearages were paid:' . '.men the same. Book compositors average $9 a week, tie whole j ear. In many cases workmen loae threehad no study, bu^had absolutely nothing whatever tochurns j e t remain to be invented, yet, it is said, that while it ie also as handy to hitch and unhitch as onei of for 10 hours daily labor. and four moitha in the whole year, while in the Win- do for teveral months. The salaries of these persons Every effort bad been m vde by her counsel to secure;the last plow has been patented. The sewing ma- the ordinary kind, is a new and successful contrivance. PAINTERS when regularly employed, working 'ten try weather, when tbey are employed, their receipts chine is being canonieed by the Legislatnre of Pean- This hook is attached to the whiffle-tree by an iron hours a day, are paid from $8 to $12 per week. Good are Teduccd by reason of Bhort hours:were paid with the others every Saturday, some of her acquittal, but without effect. She escaped once from the hall of the jail, and, after a week's absence,ihem drawing a hundred dollars a week each. Thia, was retaken with a person said to be her paramour*strap, and plays looeely up and down, turns quiteexempting it from execution for debt, thus elevating round behind the whiftie-tree, where alone the trace age the same. They are unemployed at least threeejlv&niaand Massachusetts, who are ena&ng lawsgrainojs earn more than ordinary painters, but aver-No. of WageB Hoarscan be bit :hed and unhitched. As soon as it slips from man's cow. A button has been inventsd whish flan- that position the hook fits close, to the iron at every sot be torn from the coat, and the rural districts are other point, whether pulled tight or left slack. Natu-Averageper week. per day.however, was an extreme case, that might not happsn more than once in a lifetime.Actors are usually engaged for certain " lines of bu- fciness," that is, each one engages to perform only such sty le of characters as.he ia best qualified to personate. Unless engagements were made with a certain definite understanding on this point, it ia probable that when the manager came to distribute the characters of the play for bis opening night, he would discover that all Lie men would insist on being " Romeoa," and that no woman would consent that any other than she herself should be the " Juliet" of the evening, and BO, the sub-ordinate characters finding no representatives, alto- gether the. play would be in a bad way. This difficulty is obviated, as before stated, by engaging each actor for a certain style of characters, the remuneration of course varying with the different degrees of artistic ability and excellence required. The principal "lines of business," in a legitimate theater, are technically named aa follows:Leading man, Heavy man, Juvenile man, LightAt the scaffold the following scene occurred in the presence of a hundred persons, among whom 'were a number of Dacotah or Sioux Indians, who had come, to witness this exhibition of Christian civilization:When the prisoner arrived upon the platform, she was led forward and kneeled upon the drop, the cler- gy, jailer, and Sisters of Charity, and other ladies inc the same posture around her. About five minutes were then spent in reading prayers by th« clergy, ia which she eeemed to take a deep interest. Upon risingshe was asked if she had anything to say. She said:" I die without having bad any mercy shown me, or , justice. I die for the good of my soul, and not for murder. May you all profit by my death. Yourcourts of justice are, not courts of justice; but I will yet get justice in heaven. I am a guilty woman, I know, but not of thia murder, which was committed by another. I forgive everybody who did me wrong. I die a sacrifice to the law. I hope you all m%y be judgedbetterthanlhave been, and by a more righteous Judge. I die prepared <io meet my God."Dr. Miller, the Deputy Sheriff', then approached her with the rope, when *he exclaimed, " D r . Miller, how can you stain your hands by putting that rope around my neck—the instrument of my death V'He aaaured her that duty com pelled him to dp it. and she made no resistance, and only said, " Do, for God's eake, put it on so it will not suffocate me."After it bad been arranged, Dr. Mi ler took the black cap from his pocket, and proceeded to put it on her head, when the said, " Bo sure that my face ia well covered."All this took place in less time than it will take to read it, during which she said several times. " G o d ,it to the-status of that Saint of the Barnyard, the poormonths of the year.SEWINO-MACHINK OPERATORS are paid In propor-tion to ability. W ages range from $4 to $6 per week. Excellent workers can command aa high as $6 50 and$7 per week on some kinds of work, and on particular miadbines. The time ia ten hours per day.COOPERS.—The men who are employed in our city cooperages work chiefly by the piece, doing all they can in the space of ten working hours. The average amountofwageffearnedisfrom$7to$8. The wages realized depends very much upon the grade of work or description.of job on which the mechanic is employed.1711 10 15 15 J2 10 10 10 10 10 10 13 1410 14 10 17. 10 10      9     10     10     10     10     10     108 10 10 10 10at calL 11H10 12 12 18 20 108 10 10 10THEIRbet»et by jxddlers, dispensing among the old women .the inefctimable blessing of a machine by which even the blind ones may thread their needles, cheap at a quarter, and costing probab'y two cents. After these evidences of continaed mental effort, it would bs cap- tious to complain of our inventors, mach less to de-spair of the Bepublie.FLAX,TO SCPXKSEDX COTTON.—It has been the set- tled belief of the most intelligent minds connected with the linen manufacture for more than twenty years past,"that the time could not be far distant for the advent of seme new process by which flax could be converted m to cloth as cheaply as cotton. The superior cost of manufacturing flax consists in the greater expense of rotting, breaking out and preparing the fiber for market; the cost of breaking, or dividing the filaments and separating the long from the short fibers, and the greater cott of the preparing machinery, not the ma- chinery foi merely tpinning it. The anticipated im- provements, it is now believed, have been accom- pBabed, and' are gradually being put in op9rAtioitin therally, when-the trace is slack, the hook falls and hangs by its own gravity belo n the whiffle tree, bat it is a most, if not quite impossible, that it should turn rottud upon the rear aide so as to unhook. A patent is ap- plied for.5 00 7 SO 6 0010 506 00n 0010 00 4 509 00 10 00 5 50 10 00 11 00A corn-knife, or tree-pruning knife, in shape some-what like the sickle, has been shown us. The im-provement consists of an iron attachment to the end ofthe handle, which is made to reach up along the under-side of the arm nearly to the elbow, where it ia looselybuckled. This gives all the Btrength and leverage ofthe forearm to relieve the strain upon the wrist. Ofcourse it is a Yankee invention, and though so exceed-ingly simple, wiil no doubt prove equally acceptable for their meala. Their wageB average $7-50. It ia with thoie of greater skill and cost.10 00 7 00 7 50 7 00 7 00 7 50 9 00A new churn haa appeared, which, we believe, willgive gieater satisfaction than any of ita almost innum-erable predecessors. Heretofore, we have found nosubstitute for the old hard-working, but effective dasherchurn; but one has, we think, at last been invented.This new churn will make more, and better butter,from a given quantitv of cream, than any other wahave ever seen, and in a reasonable time, usually iess purpose. A better way would be to pay enough towomen to travel to and fro in the cars for the same " machinery for breaking the flax without rotting or than half an hour. Nor has it any machinery to adjust compensate honeeit men.flax-growing regions of the West. Tney consist of7 SO3 00 18 00 6 00 4 00 11 00The requirements of the Leading man, the Light have mercy—God, have mercy on my soul." Herwetting; for washing out the glutinous matter and sep-or keep in order,"and nothing but a plain, smoothRAILROAD CONDUCTORS.and DRIVERS are employedcomedian, the Old men, and the Low comedians, need no explanation, the namoB being suggestive of their va- rious duties. The " Heavy man" ia not required to rival Daniel Lambert in physical ponderosity—but he is so called from having much of the disagreeable duty of the drama to do—he plays all the villains of the pieces, and consequently haa much heavy work on his handa in the shape of curses, threats of vengeance, howls for " R-r-r-r-r-revenge," and the utterance of a large assortment of maledictions, imprecations, and anathemas, and alao atremendoue s'ght of violent daty fcr the knees in the way of dying agonies, and pro- longed mortal struggles... ,last words were, "Lord Jesus Christ, receive my soul."She was requested to take a step forward on the drop, and then, everything being prepared, Dr. M'.Iler made a motion to Sheriff Tullis, who pulled the fatal rope, and in an instant she fell. The fall was about four feet, and the machinery was so nicely adjusted that the noise was scarcely heard outside of the iar closure.There wae scarcely any movement in the body after it dropped; a slight convulsive motion and a heaving of the chest, was all that was observed. ;The body was allowed to hang about twenty min- utes, during which time prayers were read audibly by' the clergy, who remained kneeling on the plAtform.STAGE-DRIVERS constitute a class of hard-worked men for what ia an apparently small remuneration. They begin running their stages at 6 o'clock a. m. and continue till 12 o'clock p. m., taking a very dbrief recessGnntxnithsBattersBooped Skirt-makers.... IroD-moldeisMachinists,h; ;.r;•;• II1J 1Igenerally supposed that the drivers know how to pro- vide for little incidental expenses, outside of their regu-Piano-Forte-makeri Porters in stores Piesimen(morningpapers) Printers (daily papem) Printers (book)-lar wagee.lines.employ "spotters," or peraons to detect them if they cheat, by noting the number of passengers in each stage as it passes. The railroad companieB do the same, and some of the Brooklyn companie'B employTo guard against this, proprietors of stagereportthemselves sick.16 hours a day for $1 25 to $1 50 a day.ana run ftxmi $3 to $12. 'to be $7.W ebelieve the average ratepieces, and the " Walking gentlemen" enact small speaking parts that require a certain amount of stage experience. " Respectable utility" men dothe servants and other insignificant parte of a few line8, and the " General utility" are supposed to be ready to under- take any very subordinate cuaractei-»; -whon not em- ployed in removing or placing chairs and tables for the proper dispotition of the scenes—they generally do their acting in groups or squads—doing duty as villa-gers, citizens, soldiers, mobs, or whatever other style of crowd may be called for by the exigences of the play.during the whe'e period of the execution.Her demeanor on the scaffold was excellent. She was net defiant or stoical, neither did she shod a tear.It is the opinion of many that she expected a pardon, or reprieve to the last moment.The most disgusting ,feature connected, with ther ofluir, aaya Tho jPtvjietr, was the eagerness and per- sistency with which fema'es sought to obtain eligible places to view the dying agoniee of one of their owa sex.DISCOVERY AT PORT HOPE, C. W.—The Peter-tor o' Review says that a very important discovery haabeen made near Port Hope, Canada. For some yearaIn Brooklyn they work aboutPUBLIC SCHOOL TEACHERS.—The salary of the Principal of the Fiee Academy iB $3,000 a year. Tne salaries of Public School Principals are from $800 to $1,800 a year; Teachers of lower grades receive from $200 upward. The time given for these amounts is about 8 hours per day, 5 days per week, and 44 weeks per year. •..-?''PORTERS IN STORES uSuJly remain in the stores till they are shut up; but their hours ' of labor do not average over ten. The rates of wages are various,At thia time, when those who serve the world by manual labor, are urging BO vehemently their claim for adequate compensation; and when, from various cir- cumetanceB, all questions of Work and Wages possess an unusual hold upon the public, some information with reference to the pay of those,whose calling it is to minister solely to the amusement of the theater-go- ing world, will doubtless prove of interest. While the general public are, for the most part, aware that our great star actors, Mr. Forreet, or Miss Cuahman, com- mand their hundreds of dollars a night; and that the sweet singers of the Opera, such as Piccolomioi, who, alas I has recently embraced matrimony and a husband, or young Yankeebom Patti, who is not" quite old enough yet to think of either; or the " handsome" Brignoli; or the ponderous Amodio, w i l not dispensetheir silver notes short of fabulous thousands of golden dollars per month, the same public knows little of the rates.of payment accorded to those who undertake the minor characters of the drama and the opera. You, Mr. Payforyourticket, when you go to see Mr. Jones act " Othello" or Mra. Jenkins aa " Lady Macbeth," have a vague notion that, they make huge piles of mo- ney, but have yon ever cared to consider how many or how few shekels must euflico to compensate the other Mr. Smith who comes on as " 3 d robber" or " 5th cit-The physicians having examined the body several times, then stated to the Sheriff that life was extinct, The "Juvenile man" plays the lovers in heroic and she was cut down and placed in a plain black: coffin, that had been placed on front of the gallowsENGRAVERS are paid according to the measure of the labor they perform. They are generally in com- fortable circumstances. They charge $12 per 1,000 let-or tw o. Many suppose also that the actor's is an easy life; thoBO only think so who have never tried it. Those whp do try it, speedily discover that of all hard working men, few render more constant, wearing, un-ficient to remunerate air the parties employed at anand day) are so exhausting, ihatfew compositors workover five days a'week, their places being filled by sub-stitutes, of whom there are always enough in "waitingfor employment. Job Printers who work during the resent the standard of wages, but simply the average hundred and forty n'ghts, there were several membersaverage of $4 a week.The following recapitulation is not intended ..to rep-WOMAN EXECUTED IN THA T. EiccArrxutATiON.Trades and Profentlotm.BakersBarbtrnBookbinders.....;........ 900Boot and Shoe-makersBoot and Sboe-makexs by the piece .'Brewe/B and Di»tiileri), 7 daja per week... Brickloycrs and MasonsCub'net-makeraCoopers..Carpenters (house)Carmen....Ctyar-makersJDrngCletkBDry-Good* Clerks (retail)Domestic ServantsEngineerrFmcj-Goodi Clerks (re'taii)Folding-Girls (boohs)Grocers Clerks (retail), including board... 9 COMillwright Painters, . . .11 00 700 7 00 7 CO 12 00 ..16 00 10 00 11 00 11 00 23 00 17 -46'Printers (job)..Pressmen thand and machine)Police CaptaiDBPolice Serjeants....Police PatrolmenRope-spinners ...Railroad Conductors (^ity), 7 days per wk. 10 50 Bailroad Drivers (City), 7 days per week.. 8 75l i tW alkinggen Jeman,2d walkinggentle-'..Stage Driven..............Shirt-sewerTe'ochers (in private schools)Waiters (saloon), including board . . . . . . . . Waitresses (saloon), including board15 3% 6 00:,$6 00 8 00month'sadvance. InvesselsgoingtoLondon,Liver- manualexerciseisconcerned),andheshouldboa.singor, lowerthanBroadway,theprincipalactorsseldomre- dogs. Theyaxetoberatedper capita, BOregard•pool and Havre the wageB are the same, but the ad-vance is only $16. In vessels going up the Siraits, or Man" atWallaok's, and " Oliver Twist'*'at tho"Win-' per .week,, and the others are in proportion.being had to standing, whether of high or low descent* leEgtby caudal appendages or abridged narratives, whether properly trained or their bringing up ne- glected—all arfr put upon equal footinggoing to South America, the wagoB are $14 a month,i«J5to 10 hours. In other cases, journeymen hire Indies pay their hands $12 a month, and two months' chance of breaking hi« neck. And all these accom- twenty-five dollars per week.their seat** or seat-room, the value of which is regu- advance. The board provided on the different vessels plishmenti do not come to an actor by nature/and get paid about $2 to $3 a week aud their board,innmty ixBtances, the time daring which they work and one month's advance. VeBsela going to the East play be not also: a clever gymnast, he stands,a fair the highest sum paid to a performer seldom exceedsvaries much, and ia on some vessels frequent cause forcircumstances, working 15 hours a day, they realize, first, complaint, next, grumbling, and eventually, even time with his; dancing teacher^: must put up with as in addition to their salaries. On these occasions, *removing it as fast as possible, since each one chips off his share and curries it back to Hingland as a reliclated by the "business done in the shop. Under suchmore than to: another, man. He muBt spend as muchrant* tbem in demanding it, stipulate for a "benefit"The Calcutta Englishman declares that the recent according to the quality of the work, from $5 to $11 a mutiny.' Perhaps in the majority of caeca the wages many ahaxp rapB over the knuckles fxoin, hia fencjng- third or a half of the gross receipts of the evening ia exportation ef eleplants from Pegu haa been most dis- are now traversing all countries in search of new week of sailors are ultimately absorbed by boarding-house maater, and.take as many black eyes and sore ribs from paid over to the performer, according to bis agreement astrous to the province. The elephants are wanted to the gentleman who teaches him boxing, as yon, Mr. is for,a "third clear" or a " half ©lear" benefit. The drag timber, and their absence has caused an extraor-^provement* to the instrument. It has given a pro digious stimulus to art all over the world. PaintersUntitled Documentand a bit of an author. Lately, too, the " Poor Young , ceiving more than thirty-five dollars, or forty dollars,ter Garden, have demonstrated that.if the hero of the In mailer cities, as Buffalo, Detroit, Chicago, etc.,of the company who, not being in the piece, not onlycomedian,man, lBt Old man, 2d old man, 1st Low comedian, 2d low comedian, Respectable utility, General utility, Leading woman, Heavy woman, lfet old woman, 2d old woman, Juvenile woman, Walking lady, Cham- bermaid.On the female side of the house, the business is dis-ing to the -" 1st Low comedy man," and claiming the washing fences, ice. It is now ascertained, however,eration, and the scale hae a wide range, from three dol- other parts of Europe. /The puretripoli ia quite un- izen," or that other MTB. Jenkins who does her hum- lars a week, up to two hundred dollars a night. This equaled as a polishing tubstance. It was used by theA CHILD KEPT IN A CARPET-BAG TEN WEEKS.— The JohnUoxcn (Pa) Echo relates a Btrange story of a vounir woman who concealed her offspring m a car- pet-bag, Immediately after ite birth, where it was dis- covered ten weeks after, by a gentleman with whom, she was living. Tho girl was arrested and confessed SAILORS, receive various rates of wages, depending constantly yarjiDg requirements are made of an; actor lars to ten dollars per week. When an -unusual num- the maternity of the child, and acknowledged that sheters for lettering, and $2 a square inch for topog- ceasing labor for their money than those who conaci- raphy. . .•:;'> ... entioubly do their duty in a theater. Multitudinous andentirely upon the port to which they are going. In who has achieved a heading position. H6'ihu$6 be a ber of •" ladies of the ballet" or supernumeraries ofvessels going to the West Indies they receive $15 a linguist, an elocutionist, a fencer, a dancer, a boxer, a the other sex are required on some extra oocaslon,month, and one month's advance. In vessels going to painter, (for the proper coloring or " maMng-up" of his they are specially engaged at fifty cents a night, orbadnutitinthebaghenelf,andkeptitthere. SbkOis said to be a rimple-minded creature, and probably could not bear to part with the infant, although dead.CANINE AND FELINE TAX.—Some excitement existsRotterdam, Antwerp, and other porta on the continent own face and figure is no small part of hiB art), a sol- sometimes for even less money. The salaries on tho in Tioga County, Pa., in consequence of the action ofof Europe, the wages paid are $18 a month, with one dier (BOfar as a knowledge of military drill and the eaBt side of the city at the Bowery Theater are the authorities, who have ordered a tax upon cats andCleopatra's Needle, which was presented to the British Government y-ears ago, lies in a ditch, where it Actora who have ^achieved a position which war- fell, near Alexandria. The traveling CcKstaaeys are»ments ten dollar B per week each, for aecond, kwsra-Great actors make more money than the mos£ cele^THESTATE—PARTICULARS OF THE SCENE.FIRST^•"%. www.fultonhistory.com 