 the toto fatal to the Industry of the South, A* the pre-i of free blocks must always render black slavery the miscellaneous expenditure* of the country, the Mints-and difficult, frantic efiorto are male to get try were defeated by twenty eight majority.wanted "to Bee tbe whole of that Kentucky man." Theand to make it tbe ground of positive legislation tan- tile to the Southern State* Mark, toe crime is here, that we have been guilty of "Introducing." Now it is well known, s o far a s common rumor goes—we cannot a!way* judge of the motives of men—that tbe Dred Scott case was gotten up by agreement, in advance of legislation, but subsequent to the declaration of the purpose of the democratic party to take possession of Kansas. We did not want any such subject introduced into politics Why? Because there was already odium enough attached to us ae being the defenders of the righto of the negro against tbe white man W e were called already "negro tover*," aad it waa not to our interest to get op an issue of this kind,ifwedesiredsotodo. Butanagreedcasewaato this time—tl.at if waa whatMaoi toto Soutn Carobaa aad Georgia, ft because atovery S what Mr Baalntpb toM Mr KvaraT We tell you that it S a source ol weakness to tbe man aad therefore, as patriots aad lover* of our eoustryTW say to tbe several States, enjoy veer institution as too*, you choose, but so rar a* we are responsible we go UMMit all the time. There a the whole frost of oar eganoaT I* it not right1- •'THE Awummii or auvs STATUSAnother charge asas* is, that we purpose "to prevent as admission, to aay latitude, of another staveeotoM.State." I deay that that is the platform of tbe renta can party, aa made op in lfcAC.oras it toto be made •of the free negroes of the United States. Tary will not cotton at home. Ourplant muti be formed without regardnor abolition party, nor the old whig party, nor the Ame- rican party, nor the democratic party, baa ever made aa issue upon the reeolutl m passed, and which was in thedecided that a man of African blood, descended from pa- rents once slaves, could not be a citizen of the United States, and therefore, the Court having no jurisdiction, itmthenxPresidency of the Board of Trade, vacated by Mr. Cowper. The London Post says the treaties of Vtllafranea andmember* of tbe people's party of Peoaaylvaaia, aad af tbe opposition party of New Jeraey. aad all other* whi are willing to co operate with them ia support of the caaandiftheslaveswerefreedinanorderlyway,thepro. bales,including1,600tospeculatorsandexporters,the daction of cotton might greatly increase. But if not, see market closing firm at the following authorized Quota-I have stood by the libertine of tbe people and the Union of these State*. Thank God I haved lived to see the downfall of their enemies and the triumph of theirfriend*. (Applause.) JamesBuchananwasplaced In power by • now confessed fraud upon the ballot box, and by an admitted minority of tbe popular vote. In vain did be trample under foot the avowed "popularha*beenofnoaccount.THX KA5BA8 RSBSASEA HIX.Take the case now. I have read the platforms and showntheyareinconsistent. Butletmetellyouwhat was the clause in the Kansas Nebraska bill which tbey affirmed again and again. It states that the democratic party determined "neither to legislate slavery Into those Territories"—Ob,no,ofcoursenot—''nor toexcludeit therefrom"—what are you to do, then?—"butto leave the people perfectly free to form and regulate their domestic institutions In their own wsy, subject only to the constitu- tion of the United Stales.'' Now, what do you think of that?what lbs number* are. The at*veholders are 850,000; the tions:-— stoves are about 4.000,000, ant the non alaveholdingOrleans. Mobile. Upland.7* 7>f 7116 6?i 8 1 1 6 6 *it if time me wort getting cottonfrom other placet: and bythie h«M neat year we may be wendmmg that we did not da which 449,000. were American.it before the great, American crisis occurred. There baa STATE OF TRADE IN MANCHESTER.shall be aemitted to tbe Union—there is nothing of it tonotatrueallegation,andIappealtotberecord lap- peal from tbe inference* and allegations of the Vice Pre* cent of the United Stales to the country upon thatwhits*,whoareboundbandaadfootbythepresenceof slavery, but daily growing more restless, are 0,000,000.Fair Middluigfatrmines that tbe black man cannot bold office in the Com- monwealth,ablackmancomingfromMassachusettscan-not hold ofllce; he i* bat entitled to the protection of thelaws given for the security of bis own race and condition.Tbe Dred Soott decision waa gotten up entirety by the de- subject,mocratic party, and it was made in 1868, after tbe elec- r n g i n CODE coyamssxe.century.DEC LINKket was firm, though quiet.LIVERPOOL BBBADSTCTFS MARKET.of Kansas proved too powerful for government patronage, elude it, but did intend to leave the people perfectly free Kansas-Nebraska bill. In passing, allow me to aay thatfwat . B M H t dmjVptWy IOM* d-Or, Itosfaa, 1 at Char, Losers,the prisoner aa one of the Cancemi gang, and, keeping a are condemned out of your own mouths. I proceed:close watch, soon after detected him in the act of leaving "And that all such efforts have an inevitable tendency and it is not safe to take down Oast. Ctoy. (Applause 1 cal and political, and they did "so nominate It in the slaverv Is contrary to natural tow—that nothing but po Mr. Wolfe's store, and upon arresting him found a shawl to diminish tbe hspptoeas of tbe people and endanger the Where then stood tbe democratic press of tbe United bond." Th* framers of the constitution of 1789 use this sitiv* taw eas support ft. Under oar eeasstotioa wo secreted under his overcoat. The accused, who gave hi* stability and permanency of tbe Union." «» States? Aiding aad abetting all this treason. The free language:—"The Congress sbali have power to dispose of adopted tbe common taw of England: and that was theT h e K a g l l s t t T u r f .IN TUS BKTT1NG ON T H E AMERICAN COLTI'MPIKKgard to tbe power that tbe alavehotders claim for t&epro the public purse and the federal sword! Kansas is not to form and regulate their government In their own way? we make no issue with the Supreme Court on that sub tection of alave property under tbe constitution of ta*1 Wlwith a rather better tone; red, 9s.6d.a 9s.9d.; white, For many weeks past the American Derby colt, Cm 9s.9d. a lla.ed, Corn Arm. yellow, 31s.6d a 32s tfd.•paining exVends over the depart- i, AUter, Anege, Aube, Avey- da Rhone, Calvados, Correce, Bars, Giroade, Haute 3*one, Lairs mfertsure, Loiret, LoireMyers, of the Seventeenth precinct, saw and recognized Did you not aay tnat it was dangerous to interfere? Answer me that, and let me goon You are silent. Youis to be determined whether or no their standaru bearer What were the terms of the confederation to regard to Iff Christian religion aad obey the equally imperative man- shall be stricken down, then laboring men in thousands Before it ceded the»e Territories to tbe United States itall stand around me as you stand around me to-night— declared tnat it yielded to them entire jurisdiction, practi- dale of progressive humanity, concur ta toe belief thatWilliam Cowper will be Minister of Public Work?, vies Fitzroy, deceased.siring tbe co operation of, all who regard the preservs-ConsolsclosedonFridayat94-;**4*;formoneyaad accountunaltered.LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET.Tee Brokers' Circular reports the sales of the week atthat Dred Scott had a right to citizenship— tern invasion, aad of pnaervtog the todssjrsy sfthafJaa* to bold office and vote—righto which many white and the supremacy of tb* uuaatltmton aad laws pawed iaIS «•**».**••NEW YORK HERALD, THUBSpjAY,It having been announced to taw public journals that M. Clay, at Kentucky, weald speak beforeTWODAYSLATERNEWSFROMEUROPE. Yoaag Men's Republican Union, th* large ball of Mm Cooper Institute was wall filled toto evooiag, notwitb-" T « tttrnauceth*and to make it the grouad oc Uon, hostiletothe"Toexclude tbe alave property of the Beathfrees all territory now in th* Union, or which hereafter may he acquired." Toprevent tbe ( ta any latiture of »&MmMmlmm]Fu0Urm8hvnUir wa*\ practicallyf•'Torefuee to prevent or punish by State action the spoliation of aiave property, pat, aa the contrary, to make it a criminal offence ta their citixeas to obey the laws of the Union, to so tor as they protect property ta African slaves» To abolirh slavery in tbe District of Columbia"To aboaMh it ta the tons, dockyards, arsenal*and other puces to the South, where Congress hat exciuaiv* jurisdiction."To abolish the international and coastwise trade.'•To limit, haras* and frown upon the 'rm-tini to every mode of political action, and by erery form of pub- lic opinionla am* Usited lat Free Cat to a.* * * > « * 1 ] for the ordiaary comMadrasft.ami*, ThepolMoalcratetoto* i ha* iiuaawiaiit mere remark in print, and m tlie conversation of the day, thanMore• • • •i of the slave Statue la conduct the WmthaiaatffH—a* Atpresent everyi the North to regarded and treated aaaaabo- ' ageate are no exception, even road. Not only areall sttBsed off from the nearest porta, and way to schools where theyJteach, to go home, and bricklayer* and by nlgte from New Orleansand by day from Cbarleato*. tad book agent* lav artooned and thaw property coaaseatefl Jbecanse they rail "Life of Chrwl" publtebed to New Borland, but the partner* and agnate at commercial' bb<ouses are tamed back waboot an order, and wltft threats , to case of their appearing Bfato Wbeyoad the frontier fbey describe asaifriot aaagashoBsf liinlai—, and they s e e no end to it.More atgniBoaoi than eveotthto Is the simultaneous action ofsereral .Htatee aboat the free negroes. That action is per tectiVaboard,batittonotthelesscrueltothemen,nor0Bthequestionofappointingacommitteetoinvestigatemorenotableforitsforcethanforitsornatenesa,forheaad adhere to a faithful execution of the acta known a* tbe compromise measure settled b y the Congress of I860, the act or reclaiming-fugitives from service or labor ia- cluded, which act being designed to carry out an «Pre**ST. Joass, N. *., Fab. IS, Its* Prtace Albert, Captoto Prows*, from Galwey oa the 4th inst., arrived at this port this forenoon,so anxiou* were the enthusiastic admirer* of th* orator to bear aim tbat a black republican was hear l to aay oa en- tering the ball that be "was bound to been hand if itlbs aim—T Vigo, from New York, arrived at amongwhomweobserved exSenatorTruman Smith,ofOb yes! will resist! Thatie the democratic doctrine to1866 in Cincinnati. Did they allude to it in their late Ken-tucky Convention? T e a , they voted down "that t h edemocratic party will resist all attempts at renewing, in modts, to agitate without osastag. until the SouthernQneenstown on the 3d.The asws is meagre, aad without special importance.Connecticut Casting our eyes over tbe audience promi- nent democrat* could be seen, aad among them John Van Bursa, who ensconced nlmaell behind one af the massive pillars."And ftnaSy, by the Executive, by Congress, by the postal service, the press, and in ' all other innuMtosGREATLord John Russell bad announced to Parliament thatua Beery LeeBRIT AIN.The good *ature of the audience was evinced in their disposition to pass away the time before the appearance bat he said that Count Walewski had areured Lord Cow of tbe orator of the evening by making merriment over the most trifling occurrence. A desk having been placed ia front, aa individual who was desirous of receiving the fall worth of his money (twenty five cento having been charged for admission), suggested it* removal to languagethe government could sot produce the correspondence relative to the rumored annexation of Savoy to France,ley that the Emperor had so intention of proposing the annexation.application o fthis democraticupon our recorded action and the integrity of our prevmoa character, I plead not guilty of tbe charges; not guilty oa every count except one—to that 1 plead guilty.The British government sent a despatch expressing satisfaction at this assurance.OS N15GRO aqrAUTT.First, we are not guilty of tbe purpose to introduce as flow* to the world. It wasrid of free blacks who refuse to absent themselves. InMar* land, some foolish men have actually proposed, aswe have seen, to make stores of 90,000 free negroes,though Maryland has for many yean been unfortusate wttb its a+groes, being unable to keep them, onthe one band, and to make any profit, on the other,of those who remained, fat order to obtain somesanction of snob a proposal, the projectors give a charac-ter o» fn-e negroes which is certaioly not commonly true ;sad which, If tree in Maryland, condemns the state of sootety there. The adjoining State, Pennsylvania, though nopatternofbrotherlrlove,mayrebuke,Maryland'sreport TheFatti*denouncestheeffortsofSardiniatopreventof negro idleness. *atftto*sne«* and disrepute. In I'nila- the Savoyards from expressing their desire for annexa- pablican Union, in introducing the lecturer of the evening, safe solution of the slavery question, upon which thesetoaia there are blocks of house* and groups of shipping tion. said— great national idea of the people of this whole countrybeaming to negroes, which show that tn*y are much like ran repose in its determined conservatism of tbe Union— ether m«a hi a State of freedom. In Missouri, the Legto- The Bourse was improving. The rentes closed on the ladles and gentlemen, it is my pleasant duty to introduce non intervention by Congress in State and Territory or inThe Hanover cotton mills at Maanchester had bean hom-ed, Involving a loss of £30,000./bwue, and repudiating all sectional partisan platforms con to comply with the behest aad were assailed with harm- oerning domestic slavery, which seek to embroil theatandingtheseveresnowstormthat prevailed. Indeed, Union,standingonthis Mtoasjatora, 2f •»*•.•*I at •Cartis, aaa«hw*w*aotoar,5tJ***-.*».»?—'goJMassl abVoin^wttnTuto teaWitasa, aad the con verse, tbsttito sower w eawery asm gave the power to arsssMt i t I yWdodapmyold ******* (I knew aot whatdo), because „ th* *»sto *f Jmrfm.Oarsy, MCeag^^saaasMsatayaaM toaajaean mugsfWe say,who make* them, bat I take the allegatioa* as 1 ssssj *aa wethem, sad I shall attempt to answer them to detail. Firstheavyweather. Shehutwentysa rainedbrimstone."Twoflagsthatforone(notforathou- provisionoftheconstitution,cannotwithfidelltFtheretoisaeeger* tor New York, tor which port she leaves this eveaing.Ike aaaaaamto New York, from New York for Bremen, arrived at Soathamptoa on the 3d.sand) year* bad braved the battle aad the breeze during the Fremont campaign ware suspended from lbs walls to tbe rear or the speaker, while surrounding him were a number cf well known members of tbe repablican party,be repealed, or w changed as to destroy or impair Its» That the democratic party will resist all attempts at renewing, to Congress or out of it, the sgitottoasf the slavery question, under whatever shape or color the at- tempt assy ha made."desk was promptly removed by one of the young men, State that may be constituted or annexed, with a republi-much to the gratification of tbe audience, a s the hour ofeight was approaching, "Sit down in front," " Hats off,"acd other equally expressive commands were heard onall sides; but some of the more obstinate auditors refused Uon of the Union under the constitution aa the paramountless missiles. Precisely at eight o'clock Mr. Clay male States anu to incite to treason and armed resistanoe to law in tbe Territories, and whose avowed purposes, if The French news is confined to the question of the an- his appearance, and was greeted with tumultuous aad consummated, must end in civil war and dissolution, thenexation of Savoy.protracted cheering, which lasted sereral minutes. American democracy recognise and adopt the principlesCHAKIKS T. ROGERS, President of the Young Men's Re- contained in the organic laws establishing Kansas and made, aa is reported in Howard's Report*. The caselature baa decreed the expo's** of all negroes, under pe-nalty of their being sold lots slavery. In Miatwsippi thesame process has been gone through; but the judgesbsre and there have remonstrated on the out-rageous character of the act, and nave shown thatIf such provisions could be executed, the inline and Francs are allied on the Italian question, and firmly tbe Hon, Cassia* M. Clay.dtote oonatqueace would be insurrection on every determined that no intervention .shall be permitted. estate where a tree aegro was deposited' as a slave As"Resolved, That with our republican faiben, we bsi it to be a self-evident truth that all men are eod»wM with the inalienable right to life, liberty aad the pure*for leaving the Respective Slates wbero these enactments are snase,lbs Macks So it at the moment: just as twalve families of respectable whits citisena bars left their home* to Kentucky, b y command of their neighbors. Stately because they are of Northern birth or derivation; bat the Ires blacks s s a body refuse to leave the country.tney meet to conventions to cooSrm their claim of citi- seaship; they provide mean* of education and general elevation for their da**: aad they emphatically and espe- cially refute to go to Africa whk a negro Uw u left in America. This resolution largely affects the prospects of Africancotton. Hooneperhapsdoubt*ofthepossibility sad the benefit o<! obtaining almost any quantity of col ton from Africa; bat it must not be expected from the African Civilisation Society, or the American Colonisation Society,toa*torastheiractiondepend*onthemigrationMr. CIAV, on rising to address the audience, was re- It was rumored that the two governments are deter- ceived with renewed manifestations of applause. But he1866, they entirely Ignore that clause which bound the democracy not to interfere, directly or indirectly, with slavery in the States or Territories; not only that, but they declared that Douglas, in stand- ing thus, was guilty of treason and outside of the demo- cratic party.It was taken to tbe Circuit Court; the pleadings were to this extent: a plea of abatement waa made, Dred Scott bringing an action declaring that, n et armit, oae Sand- ford bad assaulted bim, and also Harriet Scott, his wife, and children To this Sandford, who is also upon the record, admitted to be—I know not If In reality—a citiaen of New York, pleaded in abatement that Dred Scott and his wife sad children were hi* slaves, and that being slaves, or rather, to quote tbe language as used in theall our national territory, ordained that no person a*M4 be deprived of life, liberty or property, without doe pe» cess of tow; it become* our duty to maintain tbia prow 8iou of the constitution against all attempt* to viouie t for the purpose of estabushtag -atovery in aay Termor. of tbe United States, while tbe present constitution anal be maintained."2d at 67f. «0c.the District of Columbia."FRANC!ITALY.The London Poet prominently announces that EnglandTbe resolutions of Mr. Graves in the Kentucky Conven- tion, endorsing these resolutions, were almost unanimous-of happiness, aad that the 'primary object and m w «mined to recognize annexation to Sardinia as tbe only true solnttoa of tbe Central Italy question.AUSTRIA.There was increasing discontent in Hungary, and mat-ters were daily growing more serious.T H E L A T E S T N E W S . LONDON,Feb. 4, 1860.had not been speaking long before the enthusiasm whichwas exhibited on his entry was expended, for those whoexpected to bear well rounded periods on the thread-hare subject of slavery wore sadly disappointed. Theclaims of the ubiquitous nigger were presented In themost common place language and with no pretension toorotoricaieffect; indeed, the toog pauses which the speakermadeduringtheprogressofhisaddresswereverydis- greatgoodsensebutlittleornoeducation,wouldsayThe London Ttsv«',city article says the funds opened on Friday with great steadiness, and an Improvement of an eigthtb, which was well maintained throughout the day.to you this evening one of the noblest champions of free-dom in this country—(applause)*a maa whose namealone is sufficient introduction to any audience where free- ly voted down. While affecting to renew tbe platform of dom is loved. Ladies and gentlemen, I introduce to yontressing.MR PRESIDENT, GKNTLEMK-V or THERsprsucAv U.vio.v,"A National Republican Convention will meet at ChiMB. CLAY S SPEECH. .tmigtmd to grow Mtm; sad tkey art not allowed to grow Mr. Hutt, member for Gateshead has accepted the Vice AXP Cmzsxs OK NEW YOKE:—Some time since I had the was all dark. Here to what tbey did. Tbe republican, Slates, a majority, standing five to two, of tbe Justices, "The republican elector* of the several State*, lb*Meantime the slaves were escaping to Canada attbehind know very well what the agitation commanded that no armed intervention shall take place in to appear in New York. I was therefore thrown upon people when they become a State. It is a self- Court That is whatthey decided. Now, I desire to stite posed to tbe policy of the present admtoJetration, to fede-it about- If the South could pottibly forma separate con evident truth, and tbey intend you to go borne that, in my humble judgment, Dred Scott was not tbe ral corrupts and usurpation, and to the extenaioa of federation for an hour, there could be no effectual detention Italy unless it is previously sanctioned by the unanimous the necessity, on a sudden, of railing rather into tbe old with it, with tbe thought that you bagged the game, slave of Sandford, and befog a free man of color, accor- slavery toto tbe Territories, to tbe new and dangerouiof the tkum, who would eteapein tenfold numbers, if indeed approval of all the great European Power*. Practically channel of thought to which I have been habituated lat- but you will find that the lion ha* gone, and that you ding to the constitution of the United States, when it was political doctrine that tbe constitution, of it* own fores, they did not ritethe moment their masters had relinquished such a condition is tantamount to absolute non-interven- terly, and which, by the way, cannot be new to this have put but the ass s skin into your poach. (Applause ) made, he had a right to sue, and had a right to be relieved carrie* slavery toto all tbe Territories of tbe Unitedthe protection if the North. Apparently, the only chance far Southern production and Houtbern aocority and is IntheNorthern Slates pattingforth their to compel the South to keep quiet and mind tit to past {case, time might be gained for aboiadiing slavery in an an orderly and safe way. Under"Resolved, That we recognise tbe right of the people of from the existence atviet armis—to be free; and that waa States, to the opening of the African alave trade, to aa toThe money market wae slightly more stringent, and aay other supposition there seems no hope. If disunion the demand was very active.ciples of republicanism, which were virtually vindicatedin1866,notonlytothisgreatState,butbytbepeopleofthe Union. I come up to this metropolis of the republic How frank that 1st "With or without domestic slavery,conclusive piece of logic ever presented in all the books economy, and to the principles of Washington aad JefiVtion.tbe Territories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting throughtbelegallyandfairlyexpressedwillofamajority of actual residents, and whenever the number of their in-tbe opinion of Justices McLean and Curtis And every equaltty of righto among citizen*, and who are in ravst lawyerthatbaareadthedecisionoftheCourtinHoward'a oftheImmedtatoadmissionofKansastorntoeUnion,of judicial decisions I have it at home, sad I declare son, of maintainmg tevtotote th* righto of lb* finite* astCOMlfEBCIAL INTELLIGENCE. LONDON MONRT MARKET.Reports that I have spoken to upon the subject, has inva- under the eonatitutioa recently adopted by ft* people, atIsameretttreatoftheslaveholders,itisaperilousone for them to utter, as they are wholly is the power of those who woold then be to a man their antagonists. "If itabonkJ take place,'" any* a politician who understands the course of events on las spot, -'for all that I can see, the white sad black races to the Sooth woold go down to ruintogether."Ittoonlynecessary,inordertoestimatetheprobabili- activedemand,butthiswascheckedbytheadvanceinthe Allahtothefreedomofspeechaadtbepress.Forties of American cotton, to look at the sum of labor in the bank rate of discount to 4 per cent, and the market closed more than twenty year*, relying upon these divinecotton States. Free labor aaswera well wherever tried; quiet, though steady. The Bales of Friday were 7,000 agencies, more powerful than cannon or the sword,and be admitted into tbe Union upon terms of perfect American securities were slow of sale, bat prices were in no spirit of personal elation. Here i* tbe seat of com- equality with the other States " Who ever denied that?84,100bales,ofwhich11,600bale*weretospeculators,and 10,600 bales to exporters The week opened with aa continent from the Atlantic to the Pacific. Allah! ilfree man, by being earned first toto a free State aad then from every Oongr***tonal district, and o u delegates at totheterritorycededtotheUnitedState*byFrance,be targetotheConvention." ^ •an**?? had a right to sue and to be sued. (Applause ) He never To prevent tbe extension of slavery tote the Territorial tol declared that Scott waa entitled to all the privileges of a There to tbe matter at issue citizen,battbeconstitutionsays"thecitizen*ofeach Gentlemen,neithertotbeplatformof18M,nortoth* (. was State shall be entitled to all privileges and immunities of call of tbe Convention of I860, is there aay inch clan** aicitizens in the several States;" and if Kentucky deter that the Vice President alleges that no more slave State*The stock in port was estimated at 696,000 bales, of[From the Sunday (London) Times, Jan. 29 ]pire. has seemingly held his position in the Two Thousand LIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET.and Derby betting on suflerance, and the movement Messrs. Bigland, Atbya&Co., Richardson, Spence &which was made against him on Thursday last was not 0a, and others, report beef heavy, and buyers demand of democrat*—to rise no more forever. (Applause.) When I Let us trace tbe consequences; like tbe snake, yearlyvour a boas. Thto statement is widely circulated in all Mafia. theAmericanpapers, andanEnglish contributor tooasatnis displayed, and the question asked was not "Are you dicta, that is, words spoken incidentally and not to the many, Ireland, china, ateasachuaetta aad a**axa>> Mr.of them actually aafi th* aopadco.ee to state seat the pre- caottea to asosasary. for that favorites for great races in England are tovartehly "got at." That Umpire will re- turntohi*positioniaveryprobable,for,doubtless,a largesumofmoneywillbesentintothemarketfron Americatobackhim;Mainstoueis,however,nowthelead Jig favorite.AmInmrtasate Americanla Paris. [From Gaugnani's Messenger, J w . * » } Ayoungwoman,apparentlyabottwoty-fouryearsofage, was yesterday morning found lj.ng senseless in a pool of blood, in the square Napoleon (Twentieth arron- dtoaeeseat). Shewasconveyedatonestotheofficeof the Cnmnibaary sf Patio*, and a medical man seat for. lbssoppoattioBatfirstwasthataaattemptbadbeen mass to murder her, but the doctor found that a veinIn her toft arm bad been opened. Be bound up the vetn,I restorative* being applied, the tomato recovered her She then staled that she had attempted to commitsmcWe,toooaseqssnosofherlover,a workingman, having abandoned her. She said she ; American, bat did ass stats from was* part of America she came.'Ipromoted not to renew her attempt at suicide, ahoT r a d e s T F r a n c e — I t s C o m - u a t aua*1 P r o g res*.Ta* Porto Aeok of the 2wh of January contains an arti- ta •tonrlnal sketch sf the cotton trade to Fraace, by the brothers Bowers, of Ghent, ia,Osa or i n Cuiraiu GASC—An Italian, whose portraitadorns the rogues' gallery at police headquarter* in NewYork, aad who ia said to be oas of the Cancemi gang, fere with question* of slavery, or to take incipient step* that man. (Great applause.) And whenever and where not for changing, but rather we deny that it to tow, whence it was orested, to erased from the memory; it I*a reduction. Po'k steadv: sales of new Alburgers at SSs.fkl. Bacon Arm and 1*. higher; market bare of mid- dles, and Cumberland brought 46s. a 47s. Lard quiet at 6"3. a 68s 6d. Taliow slightly higher, with a good de- mand: butcher's, 69s. a 69s. 6d.I had tbe honor last to address you, in 1866, I ventured they shed their skin, but they never go back into the old one; beautiful it is at first, but it immediately returns to to say that as 'our party had not been advanced dust and ashes. Let as took at the consequences. Hereupon the other part of that which is claimed to be the de course, it was proper to enact that the people of a Terri- curio* in tbe Dred Scott case—that is, that the law of 1787, tory were free to legislate alare ry in or oat of the Terri- first passed by the confederation of States, and re enacted tory. Now, gentlemen, the democratic party is plaied a by the House of Representatives at its very first session tbia attitude, that if they then knew that under thece* under the constitution in 1789, waa unconstitutional. stitution and according to what they now claim to be totLIVERPOOL PRODCCE MARKET.TheBrokers'areulargreportsashesquietat28s6d.aby success, so it would not be set back by defeat." was the formation of the "Blue Lodges" ia Missouri, acWhat was speculation in 1866 is history in I860 cording to the Congressional report—remember I don'tMany supposed that the President, from his ante- in end to give any statement upon my own say so; I ap- That is the dictum of these five Judges. Well, now, gen- decisioa of the Supreme Court, mttr slaveholder &u cedentsandadvancingage,would break awayfrom pealtohistorytosubstatdiateallIsay. Youmarchun- tlemen,justletmestateoneortwostrongpoints,that arighttogointotheTerritorywithhatproperty,theyHAVREMARKET.The usual weekly circular of the Havre market bad notcome to band.Wllllaxnsbnrsr City New*.Rn OVERASDKuum.—Yesterdayforenoonaman, named Michael Clark, while driving a market wagon along rust street, near Grand street, E. D., was thrown fromtheTerritorieswouldgivewayunder Southernpressure. ajudgeaccordingtotheconstitutionandthelaws?" Not mainquestion,arenotlaw. Therearedemocraticlawyer* 1 knew another thing, for I entered actively into the can- "Are you a judge of election carrying out the declaration that hear me tonight, and they will bear me out inBreckinridge, or some of his friends, answer se, jet orwas taken before Justice Fox, in the Eastern district, in relation thereto, are calculated to lead to the most charged with shop lifting. On Tuesday afternoon about alarming and dangerous consequences."ever I may make an appointment in thejOommonwealtb of and we appeal to the country to decide between oa. of a nature that nothing can be suffered to support ft but Kentucky to defend their right*, althMgb unfortunately We owe no aUegance to it as to a law of tbe United jxettivr law."they may be oppressed in their business connection* by States, but it is yet open for free dtosoaston by the people, Thai dechuca has never been questioned ta this country, this power which monopolises all the wealth aad patro- that tbey may determine it under the constitution of the until th « new bgbt of the o>mocratte party fell upon ftmr- oearyt t o S l w K S a avm u pto0k"•J*""m tnoir 0 W ndefence-and.. woold oe in Hams,SfMary,;Ooa. Jesbaa se.andHim• la I will stats, a* it comes best of my knowledge andia war ofinvader* of MM sou.ttwCancreaa abould have tbe power to make all asaifal atttattoa gives the power, tt cannot be done.*•«merce. Here centre all the interest* of agrtoaltore and manufactures, aad here is tbe ton of that intellectual light which, through the press, daily flashes over tbe1 challenge Mr Btl vertooth, I challenge Oscar Turner, oreven Mr. Speaker hterriwetber, or aay democrat, to pointme out a single resolution, from tbe foundation of our governmeattothisday,toanyportionoftbeUntiedStates, aassw* awaiau» w saavw anWSOVISWH wswa wvw wy mm*w . WSBSBSWwrvaaa^ sa where such has been denied. If there is such my readingoarsasnee thereof asjaasat th* esaasjraay of theimdsra afa sectional pattyto reaSsttbe aaatortty principle as estab- feSMbeesclearwarningofitforaboveaquarterofa TheadvicesfromManchesterarefavorable.Themar-sovereignty"oftheCincinnatiplatform:therepublicansDidnotintendtolegislateslavervintoKansasnortoextionolPresidentBuchanan,andintendedtosustainthe BeforeIpassoverthis,Iwillmyafewwordswithre"a slave," but a free State. The elections since show a Is that their doctrine to-day? They say in tbe resolution steady, at 23s. a 27s. for American. Wheat steady aad regular advance of republicanism in all the States; and they have adopted Chat the people shall not do any suchtliu g, and if Douglas goes for any such doctrine we will tbe election of a republican Speaker in the popular see bim d d if be remains in the democraticbranch of the national council proclaims the downfall of party; and Mr. Silvertooth declares he ia ailject. We acknowledge the Supreme Court decision to be I cited States, because that to a vital question. Genus the law of the land, and deny tbe allegation that we in- men, with all the inconsistency of the democratic paly tend illegally and tacttouBly to resist tbe decision of that in 1652 aad 18Ae, tbey never thought of this tQU>(, th*Court, and force a kind of citizenship upon the country s'avery went, under the coortituion and by virtue taere- with which we have nothing to do. So far, then, for of, into every Territory, per a*. Never was such saex the Dred Scott decision. Gentlemen, time passe* quickly, predion made use of, but they all admitted that no suck and of course I cannot go elaborately into the argument power existed in or onder the constitution Hence, ofMessrs. Richardson, Spcnce &Co. report flour dull, butthe slave power—which has so long desecrated the name ready out of the pale of the democratic church.unexpected, although it created some sensation. N ocause worthy of credence has been aligned for his de-cline, nciess it be, indeed, that he has of lite been moresecluded than usual We were never through thick andthin admirers of Umpire; w e have frequently given ex-pression to our opinion that his Goodwood running andhisStocktonsuccessesdidnotestablishhistitletotheposition to which he was advanced—more by money than 29s. for pots, and 30s. for pearls. Sugar dull and 6d. aby merit—to the Derby betting. All sorts of rumors are l a lower for refining sorts. Coflee steady. Rice firm forcirculated aboat Umpire. The last report is, that to each soft grainy, but heavy for Bengal. Tea very firm butside of bis ftoble door are chained two ferocious boll quiet. Bark steady: Philadelphia. 8s.t>d. a 9s.6d: Balti- dogs,whoarepurposelykeptonshortcommonstoren-more,8s3d.Codoil,£26.LinseedoilquietRosinarmBrown,ofMississippi,andethers,andknewwellthatthethatwereappointedlegally.Theyweretakenbyforce,timetothelatestday,thatwhenquestionscomeupforbold*reofaTerritory,aadleaveth«rpropertytothetesder der tbtm equally roftdy to "chaw up" a nobbier M to de- at 4s.6d. a 4s.Od. for common. Spirits turpentine firm at Cincinnati platform of non-interference with slavery in the Missouri forces going out with banners flying and with decision, they decide the main question, and that other mercies of tbe squatters, who make their way froa tier-nr years beforereSewed energy of declarations or fo-mer con- aecvoael issue of domestic sit very an 1"righisof the States.'-democratic platform of 1862, ft goes so—w mtiea^'smt^teaTJTmmnTS!!^*^*"" m*• • * as eaator tea mil— >.«* 1 . TbatfJecgress ha* no power UD'er tbe Onstitutioa to interfere wttn or control the domestic institutions of theeevrral States, and that all such States are the saleof everything apsertototog ta theirewasJhiiw, net prohibited by the aaastJtutiao; that alt efforts of tbe abeflttoatoto or others mads to induce Oon •o interfere with questions of slavery, or take inoirelation IhTswi lb* very thing they hare doing today, balsas which we have heard them deaonnetog every maa that goto ass seme op fothatr and calling every maa that stands aa the *squatter sovereignty' platform oatavte of the democraticp»rt)-are cahtototod to toafi to the moat alan daageroe* consequence*; ain an inevitable tendency to diminish the happtnea* of .. people, and endanger the atabihty and permanency ofthe Unton,aad sagbt ast to be conatoniMii b y any of our political tsstituttons." 2 That the foreign proposHlon covers,ed to embrace, the whole subject of *lavery agitation hi OoDgrtss; and'therefore tbe democratic party of theVice Pi esideat of the United Beaayt:—Congress or out of it, tbe agitation of the slavery question, under whatever anape or color the attempt may be made." What do they aay to that? There ia the Cincln nati platform which they eschew to-day. They denounced aa treasonable anv attempt to renew that agitation under any shape whatever. Let me, however, turn to another clause —the"4. That b y tbe uniformprinciple to the organisation of Terntorie*, and to the ad misaion of new States, with or without domestic Bavery. a* tney may elect, the equal right* of all the State* will be preserved intact, tbe original compacts of the constitu- tion maintained inviolate, aad t b e perpetuity and expan won of the Union insured to it* utmost capacity of em- bracing, in peace and harmony, every future Americana weakness to the Oas I aad therefore w* m against it wherever we oaais li that Job* ~ nucha, wto all Virginia? Are w e to believe that tb* Tirsfelaae'arr*1onward*? No! There is in vngisia jest m gaiuatbl^jcan form of government"Bat you omit"8. Resolved, That claiming fellowship with, and de-NebraskaTerritories,asembodyingtheonlysoundandcameuptotbeSupremeCourtoftheUnited8tate*from to18f<,aniifyouwillallowmeIwinrefertothesTIIE UNMADE I33TTC.Well now, gentlemen, I am going to give you a clausethat it they bad adopted it would have put the thing so plain, that if y o n gave a s Douglas* w e would catch yon; if you gave us Toombs we would catch you; and if youder your Missouri hordes so formed Into the Territory of every man of common sense can understand. It is the deceived tbe people to the detriment of the aiaveholiw the trammel* of party, and bo just and conserva- Kansas; and although it is well known, as history has practice of all courts—courts of common taw aad courts of when they left tbe matter to be decided upon by the mot- tive. 1 was not one of them. I remembered tbe Gs proven, that the republican party was in a clear majority, equity of the United States, and all th* courts of lesson, slaveholders What right bad toe democratic party to »jtend manifesto, the pledge* whish he made to Senator by force of arms you took down the judges of elections justice and common sense on earth, from the earliest that they should confiscate the property of all toe stareno, did y e a intend, when yon stood in fsveraf popuar vass, that whatever had been the doubtful position or the of the Cincinnati platforms ol 1862 and 1856, that the peo- this statement, and it is right. There are Just reasons sovereignty, to confiscate all tbe property of tbt Have-democratic party upon this great principle of American ple should determine upon their domestic institutions in for it, because, tbe attention of the judges being bound holders of tbe United Sates* No, air. Too did n*liberty—whiletheyrepresent*tothemsevesonoaesideof theirownway?" Bat"Areyonsoundonthegoose?" tothemainissue,tbeymustnotbeheldresponsiblefor thinkthatyoahadarighttocarryatoverytototheTerri- (Laughter.)Thatwaswhattheyaskedthem;inotherword* tbeincidentalquestionsofthecase. Now,thatiswhat tory,thattothetruthofthematter,tamyaptoioo,that thelmeasdevotedtoSoutherninterest*andontheother "Areyonforslavery?" Net"Areyoufortheconstitution JusticesMcLeanandCurtistollas,andtheyare,inmy towhatevery democratbelieved. W*aaythattheside as devoted to freedom—I knew full well that what- and the laws, and for the support of republican Institu- opinion. the ablest judges upon tbe bench. I think Justice better was right Wbyf Because sB tbe dicta of aD ever doubt there might be aboat their true position during tions and principles, as our father* handed them down to Curtis tbe ablest judge I ever read after, ana he tell* a* the jurists, from time immemorial, from Grotios tothetopoftheloadbythewheelcomingincontactwitha thecanvass,whenMrBuchanantookhisseatatWash- us?•Notbut"Areyourightonthegoose?"aadifa thatwhentbe8upremeCourtdecidedtothecasethatitMaasOeid aH jurat* known to civilitatioo and fame, ington, his policy most be developed, and he must declare man did not answer the way that pleased them they had no jurisdiction, then their whole power ceased. That from the earliest days to this, declared that slaves were caughtbimbytbecollarandejectedbim,andmanywho mwhattbiajudgetellsas,thatiswhattherepublicans apeculiarproperty,onukeotherpropertyknowntosea. "under which King, Bezonian/'—liberty or slavery. upheld tbe constitutional right ol election were compelled aay, that is what every honest man, unbiased by political What do tbe best Englah Reports tell us* Before IT**(Applause.) The slave oligarchy began by asking neu- to fly for their lives, and many were wounded and killed. a*sociations and considerati*,ns, must say. I say it, gentle- this was declared, and by the highest Court* of tbe Crown, tralityinthenationalconstitutionandgovernment,then (AVoice,"Tbeycan'tdriveyou,though." Tremendous men,thatinmyhumblejudgmenttherestoftbeopinion outsideoftheHouseofLords Thiswasdeclaredby equality with freedom, and at test supremacy. I take up applause.) Having made this division, I will toll you why is not law, aad to thai I am supported by some of the very Lord Mansfield, with this dicta, which I shall read to yeaheap of ice and rubbish, One or both wheels passed overhisbreast,crushingthemanlaadreadfulmanner.Theinjured man was conveyed into Mr. Kelly'* house, nearby; bat his injuries were so severe that he died an hourafterward*. CoronerMurphysummonedajury,andafterviewingthebodyadjournedthecase,inordertoprocurewitnesses Deceased was a stogie man, about forty yearsof age, and bad been ia the employ of James Gahan, ofNew Astoria, for about two week*. Deceased ha* abrother residing on 8tat«n Island, and it is also behoved interfere with or control the domestic institutions of the (Renewed cheering^ They cannot drive me, because these tacideutial decisions that come in are not part of thathehasasisterinthiscountry.•**t» 1 :-I•tbe review where I left off in 1866:—theycan'tdriveme.InmyownpersonIamasany ablestjudicialmind*oftbeUnitedState*. Notonlyso, thatImaybeunderstood—inthatcasewhenCurraegrew other man. There are thousands Is Kentucky just as but Justice Curtis snows that the Supremo Court has ao eloquent—when he declared that whenever a sua competent in tbe use of arms and as courageous aa I am. decided, again and again, that obiter dicta are not law, stood upon Britsh soil hi* chain* foil from bim, and "he Tbey can't drive me, because I stand upon an eternal and are not so to be considered. There are dee*ions in stood redeemed, regenerated and disenthralled by tb*DEMOCRATIC PIATKSM OK 1862."That Congress has no power under the constitution to principle. That is the reason tbey cannot drive me. that report quoted, absolutely made to tbe effect that genius of universal emancipation."—severalStates,andthatsuchstatesarethesoleaadpro- per judges of everything appertaining to their own affair*, rot prohibited by the constitution; that all efforts of tbe abolitionists, or others, made to induce Congress to inter-whatevermaybetheclamoragainstme,thegreatmaa* of laboring men of Kentucky know that there ia a true vindicator of their interests in Kentucky. Cass. Clay iathelawofthe toad. Therefore weany,tadenialof what tbe democratic party ha* said, that it is not the tow of tbe land. Therefore we go upon that subject,"Theetotoofatoverytoof*ucbanaturethatitftinca- pable of being introduced on any reason*, moral or poub cal, but only by positive tow, which preserve* la form long after tbe reason*, occasion, and time itself, froaWhat say you to that, democrats? Although you de-eighteen yards of satinet was stolen from la front of Mr.Maxwells store. No. 70 Grand street. The person sup clared in black and white that a was dangerous to inter- tagt jiTgthe South almost to themselves, yet when It comes United States. To so much we plead guilty. Now, a* in tbe decafcm or tbe Dred Scott case in IBM. I ear all posed to have stolen it was traced to Greenpomt. Oillcer fere with the subject of slavery, what have you doner to an issue of that sort—in the moment when the question this is an eventful question, tot ns dwell a little upon it tbejurirt*, ail men at home aad abroad who profess tb*You condemn yourselves again:— soil citiaen from tbe State of Kentucky, a* well as he from and make all needful role* aad regulations respecting th tow of this Slat* and at others, aad ft was oeeHed againname as William DavM, was committed for examination.Gltr Politics.THE YOCMG MaWS NATIONAL CJIION CLUB.Ibis Club, which was, to foci, to embryo organisation adhere to a faithful exeemtonof the acts known as the violated in met, lateta lbs day sent to their home* 'both eight aad six—fourteen times did Congress setmkHall,torthepurposeofpermanentorganization,George EiELSfia'X2J*£2Jr '^To?laborin- wokupanna,asduponeveryfield,andbythewhole givetheHetothepretended oictom oftbe five c<Loii1*i*a*,*adftw*a*wetoj*dthatto*amiicbsssheiprovlBioa of lbs constitution, cannot be repeated or so power that God and nature had bestowed upon them, they Judges, that Congress baa no power to eject slavery been carried toto loreign territory, she waa fit A.Hatoayoccupyingthechair,aadH.8.BennettaattofchangedaatodestroyorimpairttaemcianeyT^ resistedtbeattempttoenslavethem,(theers.)WhatfromtheTerritories.Tbeydeaythaipositivegrantoftogtoalldictacathesubject"One*freeaadalw,y*"And ought not to be countenanced by aay friend of the free States, who had seen by actual experiment tbe territory or other property of the United States" And in and again in the eocrto of Louisiana and of Kentucky, of our political Institutions." glorious benefits of free institutions, and other* who had practice tbey exercised tbe whole power. Now here are Virginia, aad of Tennessee, sod to the other States of tbe"And, therefore, th* democratic party of the Union, seen tbe woe of slavery, aad who found that the nledsea combined all the most potent data of logical exposition ;— Union, I believe without exception, that atarsry was to- standing upon their national platform, will abide by and oi the democratic partv had bean kept to the word and 1. The intention. 2. Tbe language. 3. Tbe practice; cal, aad could oaly exist by virtue of poattfv* law; aaddespotic government, and brought her back, bar appuca- till tost evening, bald a meeting to room No. f, Canton compromise toeasures.setttod by the tost Congress—the in Kentucky, the alave and the free States, (or help; and upon this theory, sad fourteen time* did tbey ttoato beoeetared free waa carried to tbe Supreme CourtThe number of persons present was small.had been catted to order, Mr. Ely P. k"?* f* renewing, to Congress or out of it, the agitationthen did the President sf the United States? All the power by Congress to prohibit atovery in the Terntorie*, free" (Loud applause.) ft hat always bees held that"Resolved, That the democratic party will resist all at-time he, by tbe forces of the United States, disarmed therepublican party, and left them at tbe mercy of thoseopen the assertion that the word regulation i* net a com- atovery was aa tostituson *f matoatoal law. and the mon term used by legal men when tbey intend to confer moment tit was carried •beyond ttw pal* of aaetow, a political power. Thatto thejtargasaeat of tbe Supreme that moment the righto «f b*maaHy sad th* great Court Let us look at that. Four Urn«s to the word "re-ward, was appointed saw wee of the slavery'question, onoer whatever shape or color the invaders of their righto. (A voice, '•Thatw go5») attempt may be made." ^ ^ ^ ^chairbyaoommitiesoftwo. These wore thedeclarations aadavowal*oftbedemo- TheComflLtteeonoffl. «*Uc party in ISA* Now,what%eTa-/a*i 1864?aad Mr. Wilham Frost Mr • —g ^ > * * * • • # • —*** haying that the taw of 1830 was sacredly conserve* in the compromise of I860 andthat they intended to take possession of Kansas by forceit was a usual one to the disposition sf power to the United States. Another clans* aaya that UMgrew shall have power to "regutoto commerce." Dost anycrat deny that that is a legislative power* What,it, have they doner They not only "regutotoun ler it, between foreign eoaaiitoa and this, regulaung foreign and domestic trade, bat they pass the embargo. Whyl Because they had the power to make allsates sad reg ulationan s rramvs SLAVE SAW.I cannot dwell trpoa th* matter to go ah throogh theof Joatioe Curtio, but there • no iset piesnee to*afp*rt*he pnashoa"which 1 have laid down as betog cornet, save oae.A That one to the much talked of aad much vaaated Fugitive Stave law. Let me ask yoaft*,aadsf the eoasttiattaB, slavery goestoto tb* Territory of the Uaited States, what do yoa want with*Fugitive Stove sasatof Answer methat Why « not be fastest** ta year stove property a*aay State of the Uatoa.n* ft b property there: and yet you atood ta convention week alter week, aad axmfe after moath. aad atece, I sftgftt aay, year after year, coaiendtog for tbe rtoassof aa* *aassj*j|smg com munity to recover fagittre slaves. It was ah absurdity to ooarrel aboat a power whtofa e a s assart to to thereason to which all tow appeal*, stepped ta Whytheygoundertheteader*hipof *ePhen ^Douglas X?*S IS^VS?"**1 -0 ' tlmdSBMHwateparty; ofpower,andthos,sofar frombeingaa noaeual tons, way, everyuecsten has been to astmanrepealed the * •htttoto'mJlof aft to invadepeaceably if they could, and forcibly if tfcey, bar* that land for a Dare State, and •«a*ma«bere acoompL^what I p r o ^ c s s ^ T 2 . .K .* * - t»her«s •to "th•a»t batttlle for freedom-(proiooged drove back Mm invader; and now aUntitled DocumentmToSBg,Doa't they **y in therl Sochwasth*m that, J| to be 2L!"^ asms toraeera thai they drew* heelThereto the aecret sf the wastegui*b m in t b e democratic party—tnat t h e tows o fanu Kansas gave ao protectioa to him, sad that he had (*ce more wants*! to tbe G«4 of Hast* for defence, aad be earned that war sa to Ktnses, toVttgtoto. The whole story is teid; itraid of a man Injured by agg easraand these proved to nave been began aad caampfcted bythe democratic party these*lvs* Therefore. I hart back the imsutottoa, and history will stead by the reeor'. That is all of it Tbe calumnies of taforie'ed partisanship will prove to the sequel petooned shaft* returning apes their projector* (Cheat* ) ThetoveaMgaOngSenatorial O.mmtttec will establish ouaccuserstomerited tetomyTbe democratic party aaasa* agamst us, through theJohn Brown felt that "tea formal allegation*. "labarr theStates, without sympathy or brotherhood to the Onto*, worn down by the unequal struggle, shall be compelled to surrender Igsasaaatoasto and smansipat* their *tov*e"Now, gentlemen, these are allegations formally sat and aH theforth.Itisnotforustoquestiontheaaotivesofthe ftoveryJ*aMtasosrtM mm•I*. ^ \Z*^L • . *' * P>eeto*s to ik. «_5or all, 1appeal to the country ai.d history. Standing bare he aa evO. morally •octolry aad poetically, «^tbedoctrineofnegroequalitytotoAmericaspolitic*,slaverywasaweakinstitutionfromthetbe United States District Court of Masouri, and althoughI am a follower of the plough, and although he baaperh»pe studied law all bis life, I declare that JohnC Breckenridge does not understand it I think Ican present it so that a man of tbe commonestunderstand!! g c a n comprehend i t I will state t b esubstance of the thing It waa a suit brought bya man of color, called Drod Scott, first ia the design of our federal government was to secure tbea State Courts of Missouri, where it was decided that Soott rigtite to all person* under It* exclusive jurwdloua waa free; then going up, I think, to the Supreme Court of mark me new, that does not apply to States; that •? Missouri, where the decision was reversed aad seat back republican lathers, when they bal abolished stavery sIn that part of the platform, I have said. I believe m are to error. For that reason, to tbe call or the proaat offered Breckinridge we would catch you. They did not pleadings, that be waa the descendant of African slaves, ooBveatior,, we leave out all ton which ha* refereoct intend tbe democratic party to know there was euch'a s man of color, s negro, and therefore he could not be s to fee last aentonce which I read. I will read that call «clause. Aa a man up our way, a preacher, a man of citizen of tbe United State*; and Sandford called upon the you:—honor of being invited by your society to address you,but the very impaired state of my voice led me to beof 3,000 a year before the present agitation, Zurich are virtually annulled. The Western Powers have lieve that it would be impossible for me on this occasion platform of 1866. It I* simply a* to the power of the was returned, with instructions to sustain the Circuit didatea which sbali there be nominated, and who are opaudience, than to present anything novel at this tune. Ireturnyonmysincerethank*forthehonoryouconferupon me to night, and the thank* of oar party and thecountry for your activity and fidelity to the great prin- habitant* justifies it. to form a constitution, with or with riably said that tbe opinion of Justice Curtis is tbe most restoring tbe federal ooa*tiiatioa to a ayatom of rigidout domestic slavery, and be,admitted into tbe Union upon terms of perfect equality with tbe other States "thattamyjudgmentthereis nopropositionin defendingthesoijofeveryStateandTSsvtoaryfromUv ex* Euclid more clearly demonstrated than that MetCourttothrowthecaseoutofcourt;thattbeybadsojurisdiction, and that he (Sandford) should hold, as mas- csgo on Wedaesdsy, tbe 1Mb day of Jane next, at i:when reading tbe Bible, "Well, brethren, this is one of —if you please, this is—this is a bad place,and we will skipit " The democratic party found it was a bad place, and ter, Dred Scott. So far aa tbe Dred Soott decision became o'clock, coon, for the nomination of candidates to be skippedit,sothatitisnowondertheydidnotwanttogo atowoftheUnitedStates itissimplythus:thatafterlbs supported for PresidentaadVice Presiieutattheaa* into that same hall, and that the lights were out and it case was twice argued in the Supreme Court of the United election ,- ^ • * •* *"7 «*nesto» wasnseaibttod b, tJ*c-rd. I cannot read all ut the platform, bat I give y « my word there is no such clause toft. I will read <m clause:—lished to l b s govetameat, even at the nynmnsn of ha ex hadarighttotbeprotectionaffordedbytow:thatbeinga teteaos,aretovttootosendiromeachStatetwodalenvaj fimItotopersons, a s tor instance women, hare not, but that beam^--* .JOBS' BROWN AMDEto Bim.ThensprangupthisJohnBrown. Isaybeisthelegiti- gulation"usedio tbe constitutionwith regardto grants gave freedom. AB have siliiasil to the«J^JXf*~**TMV*T C £ £ JtiL!?S2tew,,eBeeukt, but forcibly if they t t o o , e <l»cend*nto of reve-'f••' «*aw,aaa^mmTSSZLS^il bTttX own I thank God there were Kentuckians aa well aa Yankeesgreat and overwhelming majoi* thatitan.,,befr<nsKffi^Iamt £needful Li thethey-f»y thai it shall be frse7notwitltf«uphi.imp»us hands, and, perhaps, prayinghave ijUafetty ubpehsMo,ismaoytsouthsatha"nds, and South Carolina" totthat God to whom be soNot at all•"«•• WHM BCBO 2u another"^ we.. thalit a slave State a*gated inword*.Territoriesta she name of had they the power to cherish•ppeels, i* it so—it it athey had a right to prohibit and destroy Certotaly that to a legislative power; a - . ctoed under thia very tons "ngasill " Thai-.they dMaotdeto- language that they I of power, to shewn by tsar to carry with it thai very legi*. •, 11even extending to the taking of We, liber-It to to vain that ye*f asrsggtoe against the waoto authority aad common asnee oTage*. Too sow talk of byOaagiass to praasot atovery totdo yea wasttioa does sot give ftf What right hare you to ftt 1ftfore deay. oe tbe part of UM republican party, thatis any such power seder th* cosititttioa fpaerv M« tUo canywhenaefttaan of Loutoana look hto stave torrano*. a Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 