 tMelfiOtand matt give aay to superior considerations. Ifsuch therefirst Uus branch of «t to highly aoibahle that sssae of th» ferries, teriered with by the courts Am I in s conditionto hay»«ecoatdetedeven at the present rates of fare, sad ret that thevare tmtsetttly conducive, h* not absolutely indispensable to the pubbc convenience aad accommodation I can well conceive, also, that they may poasiblv be better managed•MfeTMUMtf the of New York of April 14, of the duties imposed uponw T^iSmMriiMkm*** ' — .rstsnanenl eernorauea to the pubuc at large pa. From the facto developed in these affidavits,•isnuito hove in fact iistetotanas' a eteer vtolatisn - - _ - f a clear manier er abuse of their corporate *_":,'- the part of the defendanta, I regard it as an \gmmru* mill furaninjvmfittoe. thethreatenedact nastef satnunconeequenc*' to the pebae, the leases tf• reefer rlfhts of property and are to kaet for tea sad the feat of their h*viag heaa acuially granted Spresent eadarraavnwet to the way of then- beingSally art aside. I ader these circui •nrfuire remedy a art oaly lawful, hut totheS best which can be adepted. /Bweng's (em. on Eg.5., an WT.fi, fi COst.sec. Mi. Beaesn vs Mayor,§7, ofNew York,10Barb Rep,Efi Davtavs. MayorM,efNewYork,14KYRep.,50ft ktilhaatv*.Sharp,ttsnrb *4».) I Itonfi, ton,the people are the proper•artiee to enforce the iea*d> Ttt> repreaaat the gene-nl asellJ thebody of ritisen* who are aggrieved. AnbjetrtdeaJ woeid aet '- authorised to taatitule theLIVERPOOL COTTON MJUUJST.The sale* of cotton in the Liverpool market, for the three days, added up 80,000 hake, of which 7,000 bale* with uniform. rants of ferriage, than if attempt? were But I am not satisfied that such a conclusion would be were to exporters and speculators. The market opened madebyrivalintertatointhepasaiailtiiiofthediSereat well founded. Itresultstheninthis,oughtameredff- firmataslightimprovement,principallyuponthefair ferries to attract travel to their several localities feresaeoiopinionbetweentheCourtandamunicipa' andmiddlingqualities,butclosedquiet,owingtothe bydimmi*hed ratesofferriage. Itisquitepossiblethat corporaticDsstotheproperrateofferriagetobechargel BankofEngland advansjagtt*rate ofdiscount to fourO r a w i n s r s of , , Dataware lotteries.—BUSSBJ (jotnrrr—CLASS38, Fsaauasr 14,188a 57,5e,2,64,59,TO,40,32,48,71,46,34.OoaaounaTSDLoiiaai—Oaass10.PanesaarrM.use. 46,40,9,6,42,16,62,32,68,78,61,46,33.FBANCB, BBOAUBIHT8 * CO.,Batcbelor s HairItoafMrs. Winslow's Boa*.tatig Syrnp. MTLXJON8 OP BOTTLaV ate BOWused every year to fee United States for children teething, with never fading sacoeea.•* regarded as possessing ato establish others. Incident to that right, in the absence of legislative action, must be the right to establish ratesBBjfcl eseetiesa if the act be at tome, sue for a violationafthaw ti#tu, bat 1doubt if area such aa action would1ST a sun by the 'people, militated by their Attorneyp a r ' »o preheat violations of charters, o f general haws,a d of oaounja law ebagaoons, tending to th e irreperelb mjuj and prejudioe of the citiaens at large. sapirislThis involves aa inquiry uuo the extent and character ot the tights of the defendants in the .'ernes in question and how far, tf at all, they are subject to .judicial superri Woe and control. I do not propose to enter into a& extended enumeration or examination of the proviaions of the Dougati, fomburv. or Montgomerie charters. I have examinedLadles' Pure, F astolon Bats, Skating Cape-WHITE, Hatter, Mo,116Broadway, opposite St. Paul's church.toBfente when it does not appear, that there are aay Ahem ail, and bare been presented by counsel with a eer the act of 1*46, ear that they are disposed c-.'I'c'f ntly copioue abstract of them. A statement ot themiMich an action; and when the vary oatare of ir aiso contained in the opinlcn of Mr Justice Barcuto in *ytnpartaorgbtth<*preventionofexcessive thecaseofBensonvs.TheMayor,Ac,ofNewYork,nits el ferriage w one m iUi such leasees might teel notliilwr''- enforce*. (Deolitue vs. Bupervtaora of Broome, to not denied by the counsel for the plamttls. norsavingforthepresentadiscaiRion oftheqoeatlon. ttefeerthetowoflatemvajdorisinforce,letasnext antaterthequestionwbetrerthadefendantshavebeenwere quiet: pets, 28s. fid. a 28s.; pearls, 80s.Hill,60 earns, black or brown.•a,is.KY.Bap.1*0:ivoetoveMayor.Ac,ofNew st>fsrasthey"conferright*ofproperty,ifthe ywt, » Abbott, XS£; Bale v * Osibman, C Mitceir, 42*; defendant*, a s a municipal corporation, m ay lawfully vt. Draper, 16 flow Pr Rep, 137-7 Abbott, lake grants of property, is it chumedthat ttt'te righto of v*. Westover, -tap. Court, t&trd dairtct.) property can be invaded. H ts very* properly conceded thatr^htsofthischaracterareinviolable,andtheyresttheir will, their intern, their judgment to just as effective Tallow, 68s. fid. a 50a. Pig iron firm at 61s. a way intheresolutions passed bythem fixing the maxi- 27s. fid.Linseed oil,pas* by public auction, and to the high- en ladder w h o will give adequate ae enrwy to be limited to—that to. not to exceed ten years utaratan, and to be revocable by the Common Council lot awmwaageawMtt or neglect to provide adequate ac- oraintMr-" the leasee* iu ;>urch>M at a lair appraisednbafiii the bonaj, bsMotega and other n e c e e w y terrv •iiusmj at fee former leasees prevwur aotice of all such i(sad lease?) to be given, under thedirection of the" r,tarthirtydaj? ineach of thedaily newspa bytheUr;->>raUou. It» claimedonthe aertsfftsphuatlibthatl>vthetermaafthaproposedlegislative or judicial interference, except iu some ofthe forme well recognized by law. I cannot assent to the piu^'..»aion thai a mmicipal corporation is incapable of takingrealestatebygrant,soas to Latea::_*utofprop erty in th e thing granted. I suppose that under these charters the defendants have property rights in the mark- ets, the City Hall, the lots of ground and public lands, tnet'erks, and the ferries mentioned there.c Tncy hold them a s grantees, a s owners—by contract—by a title equal.y suong and inviolable, 1think, as do private in .dividuals or corporations. They hold them, it isunchanged, but with an advancing tendency. BreadBtuffe are steady.Provisions quiet, but steady.LO>-DO>, F e b . 2 — P . M .Consols arc at 94'/.D o m e s tiePHILADELPHIA STOCK BOARD.preserving snd restoring the hair. Ladies, try «- Bold byail Stocks dull. Pennsylvania 6's, 93; Reading Railroad, dniastataATT'fl LIFE BALSAM.true,intrustfortheirconstnoenia,andareanswerabt; *ssslhb>seetamhasbeenviolatedmseveralpartoeu toaproperwaytothemtorabreachoftrust.|lutpar.AraiACRicoLA,Feb.11,1840. Cotton—Sales to day 500 bales: good middling l i e . a ll'.c Sales or the week 4.260 bales. Receipts ofthe week6.000bales. Stock41,600bales. Sterlingexchangecento per bot tie.tainedoftheiragenttothiscity,A.J.PAREER^5 Beekmaastreet. TMsarticletasuperiortotheWorcestershiresauce,and pan be obtaamd m o a o self tse price. IMPOBTAKT TO BAIL W A T TRATKLLERR.The travelling community will save lliiiioolisa meek Crlstadoro's Hafr Dye,Wigs andTon- trouble,anxietyaadvexationbypurchasingaespyofarr.MrequirfflKtwentytier cent oftheannualrenttobe ant at the time of the sale, in requiring security onlyIknowotnowayin which their grantors, or thesue cesscre of their tranters, can lawfully invade these righto. Theymayhold them,orcertain of them also7a"tfpercentpremium Do.,withbillsoflading, fitf pees—Thebeattotheworld, wholesale andretail,andthe a 7 per cent premium, fight exchange on N ew York tf dye privately appbed. C Astor House.APr-LKlOVS OFFICIAL IU.UBTBATED BAIL W A T QUIDS.In addition to railway time ub'ra tt contains seventy five railway maps, together wtth other matter of sarvtos to tte traveller. 1) APPLETOM A Co., Publawera, New York.rw<Kremainder inreqrurmgabidequalU>thepreeeniSte amount of tl.o rents of the ferries, a* a^on on'v for certain purposes, and In such caie the right ofaw fee directwa of the • ntef engineer, for whichfee'bow ca are to be compensated at the rate vile ptiions, is the tight of property strictly absoluteFlour dull and heavy: Ohio quoted nominally tfi 37 tf.P1*1 natol aUal ta rar^atandl died by drngaiste, apothecaries, and large numbers of the at No." 496 Broadway, New York, and No. Uti Fuhoa awes*,at tacaty dollars p- r tour. I caanot diacovor and intangible Property is subject to be taken under It aay ot these provision a violation of the statute tn the light of eminent domain. It Is subject to taxation b y atjsatn. The provbuons of the law are general—not the public authorities, and when It is m this way requiredatfsrhw into ranch detail— imposing certain rtstrtctiona tor public purposes, the right of the property holdersteady: mess S17 60 afilfi. 26c..anadvanceoftfc.WhtaKey firm and active ataid aburauonit, but not prohibiting other additionalma. the kac'-ng object of the section was to secure pub-as*/ sf ootke, tree coaapeution at the sale, and in thelisted duration and revocable character ot the leaser,ataawtoa to the public. T o require a certain moderate Sims, evidenced according to th e established formsana lobe pak; m cath at the time of sate, was not an onlaawnabte or aiusual reqn-rement, aad was advisable, ifmt aeessmry. to prevent fraudulent bids Nor do I thinktfwfeard the previnwa iisa: the sal* should be to theaaasa bidder who aboukl give adequate security. Thisfrevbam must rsoetve a reeeoaable ooaariructoon. It was that they shall notbe abased to theserious detriment orwnifewiirtsil, I thmk. as compulsory upon to•?' jrporatioc inconvenMnce of th e public. It seems to m e that the to take security tor the entire amount, bet for such grantees of ferries or ferry righto most be deemed to ac-ameuatt asin the exercse of a sound discretion ihey ahouidt-,. cept them subject to these implied cenditions The people,•fenkitsataable. It aught be literally conpln-u with by a f represented by their king or their governor, as the case may be, own these rights, and hold them tor the benefitgjape crops foraome years. Happily lor the taocees o f my new sales a t »17 60. Flour arm a t $ 6 6 6 for superfine. Wheat enterprise, the grape ciops for the last aad Ihe previous j earcontains an original Scripture Poem, by B . P . WILLIS, fee LAWYER P VALENTINE, bv.lOHN O. 8AXE; original ar ticle by PAUL MORPHY, ANNA CORA RTTf^IBJOHW E8TEN COOKE, of Eichmotd. GEO D. PRENTICE, the first part o f an old fashioned Love Story, entitled THK LOST IiEEDS. by Mrs. ANNA YOUNG, of Mnswatopl, and a greatiofsale, watch rhouid require the wliole purchase to be paid the n».t day. or the next week after •y was green. But that would be unreasonable.of the mass of citizens of witch the public i>: composed, and their representstive, theit king or their governor, mutt to administer them as that/ the rights of the people must be preserved. They cannot be conveyed away orThe Broadway Boudoir ta visited nightly b y targe a n d fashionable audiences to witness the elegant performancesHAIR DEBATING A N D H A 1B DTKING BODDOIB.AT861 Broadway, third door above Seventeenth street.Mrs. WADHAafB mtabhibuient will be conducted on a de-ssvimoment, perhaps or more favorable terms, be "or Is the condition an unreasonablelajart regard tor the interests of the city at aaa rasa m aaiaaanaabto in eenoaat, t y appears feat it does aot exceed a fair rentaf t » subac taps and piers for rwaaaniifelbe ptoraion requiring the leaatea tor aaaasautisa to nave stlscheil to the fire angina When such s stale of facts presents itself, ttwill raisethe labfebsat a fire apparatus and bone, m certainly not a question whether a government can, for any considera-i of the section abore referred t o , tor it says a o tion, or upon a n y pretence wnataoever, grantvaliditysadoperativecharacterofthatlaw. AssumingthatthatWwtanowtoforce,Iamofopinionthat,aofar thisevening,withAdelinePatti,BrignohandAmodio. Ismperfectlywilingaadsalariedtoembarktnthisnew, a , nod 1 cannot regard t h e provteioas thereinanastorthe benefit of the leasees and public, as exctofere er prohibitory of other just and sahitary eonditions, sctuen! body, ana are essential to their safety sot fecoctatem therewith, imposed by the Corporsuoii and well being. (Town of Kant Hartford vs. HartfordF i r e a t ( a r h o n d a l t , P a , CIRBOXDAIX, Pa., Feb. 14,1860.at haw York tor the baaafit of their constituents.J twjaru thai particular condition an a o t unreason^aba, baraig m new the freqinwoy of area hi theneaav atfibslanding places of these boats,aadBridge Co., 10 How. U. S. Rep. fill. Goxa«r vs. Corpora tion of Georgetown, • Wheaton, 596. West River Bridge vs IHx;6How. l\ S.Rep,607. CharlesRiverBridgevs WarrenBridge,11Peters'U.BRep.,421.Lansingvsand ceiM> to with my seal, my label and my csitifieate n coru.-.ootict an";a ptywjth thea sale a sat a a letter «y to be done in order tocom of the Coaunon Council. Suchbtdt a sale governed by aAT IVERDELL'f?—THE OB ANOB BLOSSOM WEDDING Envelope just out, newnyle, very elegant, only at 902 Broadway, corner of Duane street.A LI EBAT1YE TONIC.DIURETIC AND ANTI DYSPEPTIC COBDIALccmbinatton aad tobutwaan t h e deleadaata and t h e having for its object to destroy «pon the last named company agBow (Br such discretion controlled by the aman of the totals, • a quettaa which I shall hereafter discun. F o rthe prtaeni 1taau oossiUer the question oi fact. The amdavtaenthesart of the patiaufih tend to alow that the • <*• w e a w n s i a n a p a M n a t n s H S B • » • i u w w » t o nferras muld be pis oxld beprafitabty ran ata charge oi one cent foruewsfm sad feat reflpoaafble nwrssaa are ready tolake• h a w sf fee ferries upon that condition, p a ybe said that the Legislature, under pretence of regulating the right, might practically destroy u, by reducing the rates of ferriage to a non-remunerative standard. This ta possible. Like all other powers of a similar charac- ter—like the taxing power—tt ta tnseepubie of abuse. It ta not to b e presumed that t h e Legislature will d o injus-aay be regttbasdfee present rental to the York, sad feat a proposal so tocityb yaf hawties,Tt latheIt iaviforatot the It to invaluable inIt to particularlyit never falls to911r*wnassd lo t h e dsfaawanfet h e publicraneetoheehssired that fe, the distinction betweena thing inesseandathing notyeiinexaience betweenaityoftbeSt It corrects Acicityaad tteawwneh.ef the Geneaad haeNarel degree allfeirypivdegea. These tn the esse, and questions—first,BSLAWABB—<ILASS K o . 76, Fl»EOABV 11. 18*0.11, 9,66,75,24.70,45,69.64,40,12,32,25,18.teleto.1 publicrerved that n ofor e f the ferry nroeerfy M of them together Ueiesj,•••I wsnffl heIhtiighnlyprei]ndtoUltothe ar inequittbJe to that fairly within the grasp of aIeagotneti interfere, for It • to be snsfis that t h e•feat; aadthethe farther'•gent or donee of saw » rested a the government for posed to b e delegated with n o rteamed at the pleasure i»rin reference to this vary iagtaiatrre resumption o r recallparticularly tn to appoint•sanaaYork are gudty af s breach of trust to-rn arcs their canatttuenis, and, therefore, tbegfjj*it for treated a s undeequitable iaterpatitton dots not extit whlehTSrSsea whan a trustee o r other prison standing to a ftcuciary relnttoa is prejudice of the parties whom ha safes. It to aot, therefore, liketo1867; and the recognise t h e generally, bat a *People vs. Morris In, Wend, S26. Bniiy vs. Mayor, h e , of New York, t HllL 6W East Harford vs Hartford BridgeCompany,lfiHow. U.8 Rep.634. Presbyterian church vs.Mayor, toe, of Now York. 6 Cowan,IBs.Van deibilt vs Adams, 7 Cow.,687,603,604. Lloyd vs. Mayer, he., of Mew York, 1 Bald., S74 Wilson vs. Mayor,Ac, ofMewYork, 1Bento, 696.) Batwhilett appears to me .that the regulation of thethat under t h e circutastanoes t h e provision fixing t h e maximum rate of ferriage tor foot passengers at tw o cento, but tot requiring the imposition of such a rate, is an abuse of corporate power* If the matter ta so plain that it will amount to fraud or palpable oppression upon the citizens who shall bare occasion to cross sheff MUhan vs saawp, 15 Barn. 1M, Stay v*. Pearsall, I f , Barb. 944, a n d other eases. T h e ground, thtrefore, upon whichTesantparallelaa injunction mast rest, must either b e that the dofen casta are gaiity of a notation of the law, or of manner or abase e f corporate privileges a r obligations, o r o f aom bi each of trust which they owe to the general public ranre tented by the people, and which courts are bound |o prelect. It fe highly probable that the great value of the property, and themagnitude of the interests Involved, will, in a degree, afleot oompetiuoo at the sale. Bet that is a cedent to the vary nature of the ouaiaess,b ythemselves, aren o thighlyremunerativef'nrtbc;rsecuritynotmerelyupontheconstituUuaa'ipro wMonathai"nostatute,shallpassanylawunpaimgtheThesatesofcottonforthelasttwodaysfootup14,600 bales.2,600balesbeingonspeculationandforexport.druggists, trice,tocia.,soas.,andglperbottle.HOUSKKEEPKB8, HOTEL PBOPBIKTOBS AMD otheie—beforebuyingsilverplatedWare,tableCutlery, Refrigeraurs^TeaJTraya,andbousekeepingarticles,callat E D. BAeSFOBX'S. Cooper Inetuun . corner Astor pause. Third and fourth avenues. The best assortment in taecttr. First class goods.AssumeaNationalDebttoFreetjteNig- Wigers, and get 24 Photographs for $1, b y HOLMES, fftj Broad- , The certain eoaquaror e f Ebenrntritm, Seref ale. KtogAjway. BvO, wtth every disease flowing from greet impurity of f ao ssalter o f how long standing er from wast source d eThe life Balsam to equally saasaetoas to fee saott violent 1 Barry's Tricopherous I* the Best and ofoldUlcers.Erysipelas.FeverSortsaadMercurialrconamerauon was actually sattl for the transfer or conveyas it applies to future ferries established after its passage, it ta a valid exercise of legislative power. By its terms I do not understand tt as appUCable toexisting ferries. The power granted to the cay of New York by the Mont- gomerie charter to establish future ferries, is a mere power conferred upon the city, and not a right of proper-enterprise, and have ao fears, no doubts for the ultimate sue MiesPatti's performance of Aminetaone ofthe very best eesatornjaalf sndthearaggtotaaadapothecariesinthethirty that has been given here b y a n y artist. H e r execution three Stales, if they wilt heartilv eo operate wah me tn my effortsto drive out of use fee vilest ef sssanessato. eattad ef the daalehas never been surpassed. There should "Brandy."sndreplacettwiththepure, unadulteratedarticle,snee of s ferrv right—not only present, bat prospective.JTBIf YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARYIt was suwpceed that would be hastened bvWantgn exchanges shoattl aa advancing tendency.Funds had been heavy, bat the effect of theBanks ad- vance was only temporary, a n d consols even improved after the snnouneementConsols closedonthetdat94a94>,for coantThe Bank of Eagland had advanced th e rate of dtacotmt to four per cent.'ihe market fo r American Becnrities was dun.sillieieatly remunerative reinma for capital invested, to induce interference by injunction, to a ease, too, where per cent.wan a visa to the accomsaodabon and safety or travellers ferry, then a court of equity should probably interfere. •ad rasaragers, tf under the direction of a single concernwouldberealised to thelessees,atacharge of oneanda batf cents, or even one cent fo. foot passengers,sadthe erroneous judgment ofthedefendants, ifitexists, msy be corrected by sn appeal to the legislature*STATE OF TBADK IN HANCHB8TCS.The advices from Manchester are favorable, and theA NOVKLTT-NINK BOLLAK ^feea,KBAttTLKTAOO..CLABK-S 8TBUP .Let tl readwhorecommend*:—Hon. JOHN L. 'SCHOOLCRAFT, Bank, Albanyaway, er relieve itself from those rights aad ty. B ta a public or gavernmental power, whoseseal, my label, and add my certificate that it u of the first quali- ty, and pure and unadulterated as when Itleft the distillerytnobligations which belong and are due to the eontat tmvenieaw of opersluaff wM fire apparatus by Sfrclth,4 Wend., 9. Presbyterian Church vs. Mayor, Ac. tinviolable and indefeasible. But it ta a delegation ofCourt Calendar—Tills H a y .SrPHZMK CoiBT—CiRcrrr —Part I—Court of Oyer and who will ship n e their Brandies I shall not designate thear- STORE* FTTTMD UP IM TBE BM8T STYLE AM0 A tfeawa at the engines upon dm boats. It is, I of N«w Yotfc. fiCowen, 5C* People vs. Morris, 13 Wend ,feiakapoliceregulationcompetent forthedefendantsto 826) Iamthereforeofopinionthatwhentheseferriesorauthority forpublic purposes, and not for private emolu- ment,aad so theprincipal mayretakeItintohisownotthecot regnhved by them the proper subject ofleu n by the city government, or of contract between the defendants and their lessees, tt ta a very different question, whether, and to what extent, it ought to be in-ferrtafe controlupon e ft h e t h eferries Leftototare,thisviewofAaeasefestrengthenedbythela:twhich Thistaprobablythemostimportantquestioninthe market closed with a n advancing tendency in t h e pricesgafisawntly appears, that competent and responsible per case. It is very clear that such s power, If It exists in ol goods snd yarns, which, however, was cheeked bytf CLABB-S STBT/r,tonsaxe willing totake a lease ofthe ferries atthat price. Tha circumstanceisonewhich,tf made apparenttothe eefendants, oegbt to have bad, aad ought to have greatthe court*, ought to be most cautiouslv exercised. The CorporationotNew Yorkare bytheir charters,takenin connection with their, subsequent action under the same,theadvancetotheBank'arateof discount. LIVKKFOOI, BBEAD8TFFF8 MARKET.asm Probably the teaman toners , oader the weightwiththemInfixingthemaximumrateof ferriage vestedwiththepoweroicertainferries,andwiththerightRichardson. Spenee & Co. report flour quiet but Steadyat23s.a27s. Wheatquietandeasier,butquotationsun- Belieftoaaadtatosadosrtoto. OTdytoccataa totta changed: red, 9s. fid s 9s 9d.; white, fa. fid. alls. fid.Corn firm and all qualities slightly higher: yellow,31s. fid. a Me.Boa.BXIPERRY,Mayor,Albany.W. L 8LA WSON, Esq.. Albany.JOHN TEN KYCK. tttu , Bveatog JournalA. W.HARRIS, CongressHall, aJaaay.BOBBBT HABPBB, AM. 10th Ward Albany.BBNJ HABSB.Fsu.Ieweltar.toate street, Albaay.Da KIEL W . MILli, Banking frepertineat Alheay TdOB.McSPEDDON SsqTAldTlfchWardN.Tehr.HOB. JOHN J »HAw. Mom Assembly, 8ia Ward N ff e a r ,raoMAB BJMUITUBB. a e q ^ E t m e e l f Mtoturn A Pari ridge, NewfYork city.h°,B »*A*.°1 Siy,SS?'ir •M e m Assembly. Biaamead. e e r.M1,?££? k,bSTUVt- *»"»••«»• dealerstaf from. NTcaw. n COHTAIJfgI MO_MIITBJL LB-BO K1BD OP DftBttf.Simple aad Eke wine, tt esonta hurt aa* person, even a small babe. It is magical on Lirer, Womb compkUnia QtoeralwooWaasm aekfi authority U> Via*- aot coupled with a a mterest.Which t h e leasees should b e permitted fc> charge. B u t ran that Court to the exercise of Its legimitate functionsMt of IMSnavjsaiinf ( aay there ba, which does not appear, «:•ntiol the action of theCommon Council inthat respect* of ferriage. The tight would otherwise be valueless.(lo Barb. 423.) The validity of these charterswereno general law,why might theynot passa tecs)law fixing the rates of ferriage on the several watersClirebngb'a Wins. Toupees and Trieo- DebilityaadweaknessFor tale, wholesale, bytBABNB8 A PABB, Mow York; seatTrussesofEveryDesertpttoaforPerms- gaByofsaohavtotatjonoftheircommonlaw,orstatu ob-gatKnofcontracts"butupontheimmutableprice tive.Ineednotciteauthoritiestotheproposi-Themarketopenedquiet,withholdersotteringfreely,derBraeea.Sipie* of justice and equity, which require the rights of pri- tion that where a matter is left to the discretionerr tattes or iilingoMans as justify the interferenc ofaaUMSi- Thetonyfirstwetcmoftheamendedchar«r ef 18*7 (Laws of 18*?. chap. 448,) requires all)rriet to be teased and the leasee to be ler rights of property.they areinviolable—inaccessible to cvtn part orimposed upon them by others, is absolutelybut showing no disposition to press sales, and closed; Caoe, AnkJteavate property to be rc&pected, even when governments of a subon-icate tribunal, the exercise o f that discretion are overthrown. So far, therefore, as these charters con in good faith, unattended with fraud or abuse on theirplied by MABSH A Co.. Mo. S Vasey street, Tfior"k.iof purchase, m requiring the leasees to keep t.iterLai inter.erence with their administration of them"~"~~— MIBCELLANKOUBT-~^-^~-^^~—— — —i — |— —i — — -^ —-,—I,— — —-—| — — •— — — — — —i — -• |—,—HI—ir—w~iir n"i ALL WHO USB BKANDY AND WINE.eaewfe ferry boai a i r e apparatus o r force pnmp, withawntt b e used for ta»- extlnguiahment of Urea u n -depends opon thequestion whether those purposeshav; been violated or disregarded.' But it is to be observed, that atither a s regards municipal corporation", n o r o n17 B2d., do. New York 9-los.; do. Eastern ports tf e. BAITIMORB. Feb. 14.1800.rnuf-i yield to the paramount right of the public Title to property i«always held upon the tmplied condition that it must be surrendered to the government, either in whole o r in part, when t h e pubbc nccesPaHAnsxrmA, Feb. 14,1860.Flour firm at $5 62 tf a S6. Wheat active at $1 40 a tbe same aa I am aad have been doing with the Schnapps ; to LOBD HACAULAY DIED IN HIS EASY CHAIR IWSI 60forwhite,andtl 36 a$136 for red. CornduU: tealwitiimysealandgivemycertificateguaranteeingtheirun bislibrary Aficrhisdeath,aannnntrtodletter,assistsdoubted purity. ed to the Hon. EDWARD EVEBATT, wasfoVd in hispojket. yellow76c.a76c. Lardsteady. Whiskeyadvancedlc.: Ishouldlongagohaveendeavoredtocomplywiththeflat Mr.Everett,tobisorMpsalarnele uponMaeaulay,toOtotale* a t 28c. a 26c. tering requests but found h impossible to do so, espe;- ally in week's NEW TOR K LBDOKB. gives an extract from this tost GirenrNAn, Feb 14,1860. regaid to the important article* ot Brandy, Port and Madeira letter, s s well as pass*ges from a number of others written to Bulk meats a shade higher. Mess pork dull, but firm; Wlnea, owing to tin hlgbpriees> Europe, occasioned by short him by the great historian. Tte LEDGES fcr the present weekof law , demand. In regard to femes, I sm of opinion that there ta a still farther right wha-h the public may exercise, to wit the right of regutaticg the rates of ferriage, and of so controlling ferry fran vlines aad privileges to the bands o f grantees o r leasees.quiet. Corn steaoy.BOWERY TBXITO.—Mr. J. H. Allen's complimentary• ere good.Another point in my favor is this : The dutv n o w o n FrenchBrandy to TO per cent leas than itwas when my saedscalfriends brgan to solicit me to furnish pure Brandy and Wines.to question, tawithinThfte rates should of course be reasonable. Who Is todecide that question: Ibe Legislature may do so, ssIhave endeavored to show. If they d o so, the Corporationare certainly jnstifiebte for adopting their rates. If theydo not, is not that very omission to act a tacit manifestation of the public will that it shall be left to thediscretion o f their gran tics T h e defendants a r ethemselves a local Legislature, and I think theyhave a right to legislate on this question. If there common, 4s. fid. a 4s. fid. Spirits turpentine firm at by all drugawta.conclusive. The remedy for their errors of judgmentconsists n o t in an appeal to the judicial power to* overrulean authority confideu to them by law, but in an appeal tothe law, making power to overrule them b y paramountlegislation. or in an appeal to the people to eject fromomcctbe unwise and unfit incumbents thereof. I am ,therefore, of opinion that so far aathis branch of the spplication is concerned the injunction must be denied. Sofar as the application is founded upon the allegation of afraudulent eimbination between the Common CouncilofNew "feoik and th e Union Ferry Company to enable th elatttrK>obtaintheleasebyImposingtermswhichcannotbe complied with by others, I thmk It must fail for thewant of sufficient evidence of the fact. The allegation tothat effect in th e complaint is not verified. It is accompa-niedbytheaffidavitofAldermanDaytonofhisbeliefofthe tact, but that ta too vague and indefinite tooperate s s the proper foundation for an lajunc per cent discount. Freight on cotton to Liverpool tf d. ation. Besides, it ta repelled, so far as it can be by the affidavit of Comptroller Haws. The facte re lieJ upon as sufficient evidence from which toinferthefraud are in my judgment inconclusive The shortening of the leases, to take effect to the contingency of a sale, but not otherwise, ta well enough accounted for b y th e supposed importance of selling the ferries together for a uniform term. Expiring at the same period, the refusal to adopt the propocition of the committee of the Brooklyn Common Council, a n d t o listen to their suggestions, mav have been an error of judgment, bat does notjustify. I think, the imputation of bad faith; andthe conference, a n d , to some extent, concord, betweenthe Comptrol'er and some of the members of the CommonCouncil, and the chief manager of the Union Ferry Compariy, was natural enough in a matter of so much import-ance, or at least does not seem to m e sufficient to supportthe allegation of a fradulent combination. Indeed theagents of the Corporation in 'be whole matter are, as 1have heretofore staled, not supposed to have acted withany disregard of the interests of their constituents—thecitizens ofNew York; the charge on the other hand being oftoo anxious, IT n o t rapacious a wish to serve them. B u teven of this there is no sufficient evidence, as the rental ofthe ferries reserved to thecity does not exoed the fairrectal of the slips, piers, and ferry accommodations tothe jtossf Bsion of the ferry company if disponed of for ordrnary commercial purposes. A s before stated, there Ufaf (ha requniticn to i*s or bid at the time of the surrtadered. The nav gable waters belongto'the people— not sufficient evidence of fraud Implicating the parties cause I tbalt have to encounter the ssafemity and enmity of ferent plan from aay heretofore adopted to this any.Iansmmaatequaltothepresentannualranthesovereignpower.TheyarefortheuseandoavigaconcernedinthenegotiationsandarrangementsfortheofthetalentedWebbsistersTonighttheyappear,as-counties*thousandswhoareengagedintheliquortrade,and Femaleartisteswfiibeeniptoyedexclusively,aaderaaf I k e ferries (tafi.occ) a s a condition o f purchase Msabasnet violatethesectionwhichrequiresasaklsw fortunes by the manufacture ot infamous imitations o f "rBaady"madefrompoisonousoom-ounds,theirusebeing alike deatruetireto healthy human life, and of course speedy deathto the feeble tavahd, or those in whose behalf eastaentnana ta the hsjheat bidder. If the higueat bidaw fee for a nam less than that amount, the meat af that control over them which is essensistedbyH6.PlunkettandW.O'Neil,inthe'petite comedy called "The Youth Taat Never Saw a Woman,'any oaneeq&enoe a that there to no sale, aad anew tta to protect and preserve the Interests of thetobediscussedisastotheeffectofthelawofMay14, farceofthe"YoungActress.'' 1846, upon thepowersoftheCorporation,andsstothevigaratlngarticleofbrandy Ishalldosoinspiteofahop pcsltion,eventhatofthedealersandsellersofthestufftnbot ties called "Brandy," o f which miilionsot bottlesfere annually sold,audwhichtonobettertaantheworstofpoisons.lion o f t h e subjects o r constituents o f t h e government andtheycannotbetransferred,eventhensufruc tuary mterest to them, so s s to divest the governthing that taste aad refinement ea^ suggest will be brought! requtatttoa,toordertoimdmherroomsafavoriteresortfew todies inquiring the tei i test ef a eoifleuae.Particular attention given ta the arrangement of bridal veBB. Private rooms for aai r d veins1 arttee arttinrtsirl t t tlrrtr irrrii i satirtinaa rrban i n o f n r o jHair Washes, Pomades, Peifumery, Tenet aad Fancy AffiVcles, Ac., A c , spectallj selected for ladles n e t , constantly oat band.Mrs WADHAMIspermittedtorefertoaome offeefirstto- dtasmtatactty.PROGBES4 VEBSUB BOUTINE(fUBBCS COD LITER OIL JELLT. PannedAugustto,18B*,Is the only retnedy for eonsmupuoa aad all coughs IttatwicemoresstnsstosafensfeeneatdAlso,QUKBU« JELLIFIED CASTOB OIL. (safisaseiTo be had of theta venter 136 Fonrth avenue, sad all Ubledruggists PENFOli), PARKERAttOWMB,Ustreet, whaleaals agnate.COD UTBB OIL FOB CONSUMPTION.ticlebyaayothernamethanWolfe's(lenuJaeCogaacBrandy, lewprices,byCLARKAGRIFFIN,CWHudsonstreet. Terminer. Fart II—Noa 2039.tf, 6660. 670. 672, 400, 280, if I » ere to do otherwise tt would be •setose, for then unpria-citizen At least, I think the legal presumption is that the grants offerry righto are conferred and accepted with such qualifications. It fe passible that a difTeren; question might arise, if it was eatabhshed that a s between the jiiawhn a n d grantee a aernatary o r other valuablenets. U naybesaid awe.toreference toallthebefore ferrv r:£hts (the distunchon between which I shallSasakiasil altoged vtaaattons of this section, that none of preset-:y consider) were conveyed to the Mayor, Alder hands. It confers no present right of property, it 899, 163, 317, 638. 413,174tf, 13, 70,101, 249, 436, 962, cipled persons, who are inceiaantly engaged in tae nefartoas SHOVELfi-ONB LOT ONLY, CONTAINING FOUBfear,appeartobetndelegationoftherightsofthegene- men»tdCommonaltyofNewYork,bythecolonialj(\c/ rs I>mgaa, Cornbury and Montgomerie, they panelled by the defendants, asd therefore scarcely aflbrd ioo<< the same subject to the governmentalvests n o title to real estate, a n d I think it must b e deemed to be accepted with the implied understanding that It is subject to recall so long aa it ta not carried into execution, though on its face exclusive, it does not mean exclusive of thedonor, but of any other donee. It fol- lows from these considerations that if the law of 1846 hat not been repealed by the act of 1867, it is valid and ope rativc as to the two ferries which were granted or estab lished after its passage. To that extent the provisions of the charters have been overruled b y subsequent and para-610. traffic of imitating all valuable articles, would soon imitate and hundred dozen good black Shovels, at tow pi lees, fiftr SrrXRiOK COCET—Part I—Same as Monday. Part II-* adopt my mark as a cloak unde rwhichto sell their compound doxea best cast steel do , for sale by GBOttGB E. WfilTB, goMipublic, or that particular public more immediately reiraand far taterferaace by mjunction at the suit of the r<£ atioii and control to which I have referred,Nos. 486, 82, 278, 184, 412. 602, 608, 610,1028,198, 481, 4C0, 460, 124, 310, 490, 3J6COMMON PLEAS.—Part I— Nos. 287, 332.833,1624,128, 331, 6,1680,1631,1632,1633. 1634, 1636. 68, 1638. Part II—Nee 292,1696,289,77, 426, 1667, 1686,1638, 1039, 1640,1041,1642,1643, 421,1692.D r a w i n g s o f t h « D e l a w a r e S t a t e L o t t e - ries. WOOD, £bPT A 00.,Managers.New Y ork has no authority t o lease t h e Hamilton avenueand Wail street ferries, and their attempt to do so ta athreatened exercise of illegal power, which, from itsgrave character snd serious consequences, m a y b >. pro-perly restrained b y injunction. In ariring at this conclustonIdo notcome in conflict with thedecisionofMrJustice Barculo, in the case of Benson vs. Mayor, A c , ofNew York (10, Barb. 228), for h e abstained from decidingthe question; nor necessarily with that ot Mr. JusticeBoosevelt in the unreported case of the Mayor, Ac,orNew York, vs. Benson, who ta said to have decided infavor of an Injunction restraining the defendants to thatcase from taking poseessicn o f and running t h e Fulton,South, Hamilton avenue and Wall street ferries. The de-fendants in that case justified or defended under a singlelease of these four ferries combined, and th e decision mayhave been placed upon the ground that, a s the defendantswereattemptingtoassertrightsastothe ferriesunderalease or license, arto two of which,at least, tt was invalid, Circulars sent free of expense, by addressing DON ROD-ot poisons to cover the vile Impositions.1 shall also import the best aad purest Madeira, Port aadSherry wiaes for medical purposes. These I also guarantee wfth my seal, my label and my eertineale.1 here is no importer who pctarases snore actual experience and knowledge o f the impo rtiog liquor and wine trade taau I do I lave been engaged In It over thirty yearsI am now placing my Brandy and Wines for sale with all the druggists, apothecaries a a d country merchants in th e United Stales, so dial physicians aad private families will fuvd no difli rulty in procuring a genuine Brandy aad Wine for medicinalCliff street. ,Mais with the action of th«, defendants x those particu- fen. Ike other principal objectlani to the viropossd sale ar lean of fee ferries, are, that they sse proposed to b ; hasal wgether fe a smgie lasas that tan purchaser wraaareito BIII tsaati the entire ferry property attached 1°«»iflvelerries—that therate of ferriage allowed to beltorFootpassengers is extravagant and oppreasive. .of aawsag fe the result of auiat this right passed on the change of government from a colony to a State, to the supreme power to the State, and that It may b e now manifested a n d exercised by the Legislature, acting for t h e people in their sovereign capacity. It a in strong confirmation of these views thatrpHB1-REPENT NUMBER O F BARPBB'tt WEEKLY,both the colonial and the State Legislatures, notwithstand- mount legislature. II that law is in force, the Corporation ofTHE a araict rrvs CKKTS,l-ontetua feeFIBST .tODBNET O P UNOOMMBRCIAL 1RA VKLLBROocaSMMai. Hutia-s o r Jooanavs. By Charles Dickens.ing these apparently unqualified grants, have repeatedly enacted laws regulating t h e rates o f ferriage over these very waters, a s well a s over other tide waters, t h e right to calabash lerries across which has been conferred by acts apparently unqualified in their terms. The statute books, both of the colony and of the State, are full of instances in which this right has been asserted, a n l I do s o t deem it necessary to cite them in detail. It is afeo worthy of observation that the Cornbury charter (If n o tpaiAwans, anoaeiA, annrocar, a a a acaoeai STATSuseUDOLPHO WOL'K, Beaver street, New York.from Proofaseen purcaaeed trom the Author ] ALSO,The Comnaassat ntofallegations a r e tonadod in fact, the others,) to granting leave to t h e Corporation o f NewBy KSr Hugh Ludlow. Illustrated by"'haw far thsy Jattify the tatortersace Yorktoeatabnshtemeu fortransportation under such-rates Thty are claimed to b e in fact vtolations(Jo.'s Consolidated Lotteries of GeorgiaCLASS J5S, PtsacAKT 14,1809.tifeionirt.'1 *» act or 1S57, aad In part Tiotattons of th e general ss has been usually paid, adds, "or which at say time here-WILKIE COLUNS N E W STORYcbagafemaordutiestestinguponthedefendants asamu- aftershallbebythemestablishedbyandwiththeconsent ninaailenieiawianasidslistpubito. Thereisnoex andapprobationofourGovernorandCouncilofoursaid56, 1, 46, 2, 43, 63, 14, 19, 54, 62, 20, 45. Prizes cashed at iSd Broadway. Circulars seat free.THE WOMAN IN WHITE. Illustrated by HCLCJIAB.r'eea provfeaatithe aotice that t h e ferries shall b e said together, bat anttiriy tobabxtorred from the terms .fprovince for the time being," it seems to me, therefore, that notwithstanding t h e defendants should, under t h e sale which they have notified, convey to the purchaser a lease o f these ferries, unqualified e r silent a s t o the prices which should b e charged, except the luaximum rate speci-HlDOnw, P A YIg A CO., Managers, Macon, Qa.of the act of 1967, either fied to the notice, that these rates would still be subject tothat they ought to be enjoined. It does not appeardie tinctly what the decision was. nor at all upon what grounds it was based, and I feel, therefore, a t liberty to atopt m y own conclusions. But it appears to D M that the act of 1846 was, by operation of taw, repealed by the amended charter of 1867. These sets re'ate to the same subject matter—the ferries of New York—the former e m bracing the ferries to Long Island, the latter all the New Y ork ferries provide different and inconsistent modes o fBIQL'EZ,careofCity Poet,Charleston,8 C.Clotbing Jobbers.Ws begto call fee illnsfeiii e f ea^stog Jobbers frees South- ern aad Western eatosto our extensive stock of low priced and medium clothing suited to then-1 ade, which w e are pre- pared to otter en the moat favorable terms and prices.4 DBTLIN. HUDSON A COaad tta Broad way.Singer'a BewtagtBIaefetaioe,tailors,andallmanaraeturkigpurposes,areunequalled. They eapable of doing more work, aad of aarntoe more moaer, Danymachlaetamarfcat. The family aucataes, at Sto andThere fe nothing which far-feat form, and tt is left to b e would take thocame subject to such quaMcatiau. It maylegislauve supervision and control, and that the lesseesllaRl'tR S WEKBLYare purchased from later authors by the proprk torn of HABPEto'S WEEKLY, w h o , to sasny In- stances, give for a mere right of priority want aaansato to a handsome cop) right to the anther.HARPER'S WnEKLY has regular artist correspondents ta almcst every quarter of the globe aad eomn and* fee pencil of U n u m artiste at home. ii. order to present us readers withA coai'i rcs. IUXSTKAXKO uisTonr o r oca AOS.It likewise traaafert to S s pages fee best aad men got interesting ptctui es from foreJB Illustrated journals Buteeriber to HARPER'S WEEKLY m ay rely on finding to its pages ae aeeurate, well drawn, well engraved, aadi prilled ptomre of every memorable event wniefa oeeura.a portrait of every man who attracta fee generalthe people of this country.tice. If they prove recreant to their duty, the remedy leasing or licensing the same: are both emanations of theSTOMACH BITTER, LEDIABD'S HORNING CALL Be aure to ask for Ledtord'a Moratog Callconstats m giving their places to others and rtformmg t h e " rental to" the city of ' M aw evil. There ta also another distinction of great tanner-same law making power, and the latest expression of the kgfelative will must prevail. Theaetof 1845contom plates a licensing of the ferries by commissioners treating personally with t h e lessees, a n d n o t b yFainlllireliable Ittafeeoctal.Dyspepsia.**^*^ofJstiailya; and thatthechief manager of the grant of actual property and a right to create property; a pubbc sale, and an exercise of discretion between a conveyance e f s n extatmg ferry a n d n on th e part o f th e commissioners in th er»feaftrryOBnaarayna«admlfeM they coatd be so grant of a power to establish future ferries. The one selection of the licensers as well as in the number of fer-a sand viniitytotheconteofTUU sae sad anaff cants ferriage for each foot passes conveys property, and with it all the ordinary rsadatonecant,ifsseneeftheniahtboattwerere- rightswhichattachtotheownershipaadptaassstoaef eat a charge of aaa cent for toot property the other a a more naked power not coupled apnee. It with an mterest. not conferring an interest. Whenthelast ofries to be maintained, and the places where they shall b e established. The aet of 1867 Isdesigned, I think,to as tabitah a uniform and homogeneous system applicable to all the ferries, aad provides for a sale or leasing of the ferries a t public auction, b y the city authorities, to t h e highest bidder. This ta inconsistent with the exercise of the discretion aad judgment of the commissioners re- quired by the act of 1846. The machinery by which the re-' are sfingether different under these thtnk theiHerring's ChampA burglar proof Stt Broadway,sw Torn. Dr. Cahill'sON THKINF ALLIBILITY to published ta full in theof MurrayTsnas. One copy for twenty w eeka..One otpy for one year....One copy for two years...Ftve copies for one year .. Twelve eoptos for one year. Twenty five eoptes tor e»e rear... tmage.ifgranted in 1730-there was but a single ferry inthe Fulton Terry, and none was afterwards efeahlfehed m 1816. a n d then t h e ftalhnrawi street ferry. T h e Booth ferry followed fe IB M ; th eto 'lata, aad the Wall street ferry hi 1and uvtoeraangOoretoltogether. Bj implication ot law, therefore, as well ss by the express so fax as the Fulton ferry to aVBflgfl . , declaration of the fifty-fourth section of the act of1867, which repeals alllaws inconsistent therewith (tf it dees not repeal large portions of the act of 1867 iteelfj, the act of 1S46 must be deemed abrogated. It doss not, there- lore,standinthewayefthe defendants. The result tt, that the motion tor a a injunction must b e denied, aad the temporary Injunction heretofore issued moot b e dissolved; bat as the questionta of importance and proper tor re- view, the dissolution of the temporary Injunctionta notto take effect until tea days after the defendants have n o toe* of th e order entered npoo this decision.Jersey City Isttelllsretaee.t a m or a N iw Yoax Lawvan von Pan/t'tr —The total of Mr. Theodore G . Maroon, a French lawyer havingan office in Broadway. Mow York, indicted for perjury, in t h e County Court yesterday before Judges Ogden n w t Fink. I t appearsaary. 1849, Mr. Marcou, for the purpose of beOf * * »he osenty.went to show that thev had been unable to t a d aay deed recorded in Mr. M . e nesne to the tBsvt^afflas.aad applied to, b e refused to give a n y natter Thedefence net^p thatMr. M.hadpowerofattorney torn partiestofiamontorthesate of certain property at Want Ih>h*hcn: Itoatlto i Wrnnmi m id nrocertv to Jsqesa Canal, ana Mr. canai re- convey said property to .aveyed the property to Mr Marcou, • deed of heldmhtapnssefsioo,butforcertainreasonshadaot Mad it to benrecorded until Monday last. Pending of these papers the Uxirtbe Tea Attention of featthroughout tae Union to invited toCfseTeaJabove popular also to the following Hat o f aaotor"LEDIABD'S OLD DOMINION _which existed prior to the date of the Deafen charter, could instantly operate a n d carry with it valuabiA Pearltor may be tried^ ^riMB OLD PleTB APPLE JAMAICA BUM PUNCH.GIN COCKTAIL.BBANDY COCKTAILBOURBON WHISKKT COCKTAIL.BON KANTR ._....,BOTAL WINDSOB BITTER*P O T OLD MABT INDIA ABBAC PUBta*. BRANDY SMASH, -— .-..f,DOUBLE ORANGE CURACjtGtwo systems, and I do not I thsy canurned until tbta (Wednesday) morning,LIVERPOOL nOTTglON MARKET. Richardson, Spence A Co. quote beef dulL Pork dull.Barry's Trleopbe cheapest article for areastoBacon firm, with a good demand. TaUowflrtn.Lard quiet hot steady.. etoaoahg, curnng,! LIVERPOOL FRODrCE MARKET.AshesSugsr quiet Coffee steady. Rice steady. Rosiu firm:3ts. 6 d . Linseed oil, 28s. a 28s. « d . LONDON MARKETS.about their cityr But Itmsy besaid they have passednolaw. Perhaps n o t in form, b u t have they not manifested Sugar firm. Coffee firm. Tea was very firm. Rice quiet. ticle can b e found, RINQ, 78 Broadway 'mum rates of ferriage; and is cot this a matter sub- mitted to their sound discretion in theabsenceof legislative action,fraudorpalpableabuser Ithink thesequesuonsmust beanswered intheaffirma-THK LATEST MARKETS. LrvKarooL.Feb.2—P.M.The Illusive W i g is tile Perfection ad* EVKBTBODY CSBS DEORATH'S KLBCTBICOIL,FOB4 art unequalled, defying detection. Made only by CUBE sale by BARNES A PARK, 13aad IS Par* row, aad aflIn the London market hreadstuffs were doll but steady.pherous 208 Broadway. The only place where a firstclassar- P. C WBiLBACO.. IU Pranklm tttasT; t e t a l L ^ XACADEMYorMusic.—.The "Sonnambula"willbegivenm a r k e t s .PmxAOKXPHu, Feb. 14,1860.be a great house at the Academy to-night.exercise Is incident t o , a n d properly belongs tothe sovereign authority. I doubt if the sovereign canalienate it beyond recall, inasmuch a s t h e publicwelfare demands that it should reside in the legitimaterepresentative of the whole people. If it be delegated or gins, and entirely destroyed Biggins perished to the reel, and can be relied upon by purchasers in aay section of prgHTON'fi temporarily alienated, it m a y , I think, b e resumed. S olong a s It remains unexecuted b y the agent o r delegate It tarevocable. Itisnotagrantofapropertyright,andsoIwillstakemyreputationaaaman,mystaaattagaaamer- were this morning set en fire by a prisoner named Hig- chant, and my tried commercial integrity, that what I pledgeOarCityHall,theCourt House aadtheJail attachednames. The fire is still raging, and other propertyta in danger.the Union tc which my Brandy way be sent. I have madear- isngexDecU with the best Brandy manufacturers la Kranee, withthosewhohaveaworld-wide renownasthefiasi Brandy exporters. I have selected four wninewt firmsDKLAwaaB—Xavaa Quaas No. 75, FsaauAav 14,1MB. 69, 73,75,34,28,6, 72,70,40,29,12, 24.MI&TBBBB O F T H E P ARSONAGE By Tito BnnnMiicelebrated restorative baa been extensively counterfeited, w erecommend the tbouasxds who are daily applying for tt at the drugstorestoailpartsoftheUniontoatethateveryboule BANKERS. they buy bears upon its label a fee simile of the proprietor'ssignature, sad has tae words "Hoatettet's Stomaoh Bitters''embossed on tae gtats of the bottle, and impressed on thecover of the cork a s a .remedy for feebleness and debility Inyouth or age, tor dyspepsia, liver complain:, dlarrbcea, dvser,tery. nervousness, inpereet digestion, aad for ail the dttli-cuiues Incident to every crisis of female life. Hosteller's bittersare toe asoet oelebiatedof the preparations lor similar purpcees now befoie the world.A larje number of TiSiistrstteat and Arttciet of Interest On. or before the eooduatoa of Ihen* tales, others ofASTONISHINGLY CHEAP BEQABB—FBOtf t l TO BBS merit will be commenced a httng tan totenttam offenoanv per thousand. Wan! stale dot torstan proeere great Ushersu>sec'ire every- woik of aadoubted weelteaee feat to bargains. O. CHBKKS, if Broadway. written here or abroad The foreign awteit watoh aosear inCirculars sent free of cbarte by addressingThe Cocunualiot.-ofTBE N E W P ARTNER IN "CLINGBAM A CO.,*76,areif*^te&-fi^feaDtoatttvs Organs,givesr eNEWThis la the only correct report published.six aad twelve turowhtae above _ Inquire of A . A W. *to eaah F o r furtaer K.,QJ0TOtBtUWnST.»•>Boa's Optra a n dTimarsTal^ "HABT A CO. tfEoiSOTwelfth sttet, near Biaad*THOSE WHOBB BBARD WOBf CJBOW, USE MY Onguenl, wbkb eH ' tores the baud or mnataehe tomSrettei- -Mempbto Wn Tsa* oyaflipro- f Awning Maker.lecaeefi.Untitled Document—A CO.,i WUsstogton,WOOD, HDDSOfficial Drawing af Hodges, Dawis e%R o y a l22 3T. 3,646. 39.677.« 60A drew the Five Capital Prizes in the drawing e f January 24, HMO.H a v a n a L o t t e r y . — I V o a . 9 3 , 9 6 9 ,OP THKCA THOLICUHUBCH,._lasMttaVttt M0M T#f1TOftXHairDye,Wtgsuao 14 Bond street.Private2^Sals tat St. Louis.fur and straw goods Store, terms-$6,000_ r w o i ,at aatMMONS A C C S , fisw& Broadway, under La PebbleHatr^-Ita Disease a, Fall,efCo-torfea«r^embeBBlnuant, fee whole treittdby oa^»*»lnAN, |DelawareOBBAT SBBMONEarner's Mtgttine aad Harpert weeny,r«ao,w>Wetea.T ABLETOF THIS WBBX.ofadoing a aoadaal•aaBruars^tame« aoedanlcitywith a~offeeseesmvtogaat issfcslsg druggetsfeelHairDepot No. 1 Barclay street, aad soldInimitableCutter.—Hair D y eHUOH.lBjeBroadway.ebeapeet article for dreasinc, beautifying cleansing, curing,Tie certificates aeeompanying each bottle will canshow that there Is no steatoses which eta compare wtth i powerful, safe aad certain purifyteg agent, and that h baa I cured fee very worn eases of Caneer, liver Onmplaioi aadlyj,,: Morris Canal, 62: Long Island Railroad, 11tf; London Club Sauce —Thl» I n rivalled Fistula. Princtpeidepot346Grandstreet,agentforBrooklyn, Penney lvania Railroad ,39. Sight exchange on New York Sauce, manufactured by Parker, Bros , London, can be ob- Bit HAYES 175 Fulton street. For sale by alld«r'ugsjtate 7*Ever since m y " Aromatic Schiedam schnapps "—theWheat dull: red $1 26 a f 1 80; white t-1 86 a 1 46. Corn purest and beat Oto far medical purposes became fully ap- introduced a new aad superior ShuttleThe Urover A Baker Sewing " active: yellow 70c. a 76c.; white dull at 70c. a 72c. Pork preciated throughout thia country, I have been cwetsirtlv soli high speed, with 'sy have featmoateminentphysicians,toallparteoftheunion,toad1tomy Brdbklya. Hln importations, pure Brandies and Wines, and to bottle themtestimonial will take place this evening, when a host of These favoring circumstances enabled m e to commence variety of other exee licet snd entertaining matter.volunteers and toe regular company appear to "Pamou a new enterprise. I have concluded to importSusan,-' "Jack Shepperd,' and a variety of singing and dancing.Cognar Brandy and Wtoea, to bottle liitm (arand Pythias," "The little Treasure," "Black Eyed medical aswell as for private use. I am well aware, from M1B8. WADHAM TAKES PLBABUBE IN ANNOUNC-leasingandadvertisingoftheferriesfromwhichtoInferany corrupt bargain between them to participate as individuals in the profits of the transaction, if ultimatelyconsummated by a lease. The only remaining question the domestic drama of "flood for Evil," and the protean I-hjsiciana have meed upon me the importuion of a puae,inbitter eiperienee, the vile attacks, the sntarepaSassdstica of motives and enmity of dealers and miters of bad articles, which 1 met with and conquered tn the case of m y Schnapps, before ii attained its present proud pre eminence over all other i;ics, thai the new enterprise will be attended with equal op- posidon. more trouble, and Involve an immense outlay of capi tal. laese diiliculties snd expenses will be much neater, beieg to her friends and the nubile tint the has opened a LADfjB'which 1 will faithfully aad truiy supplyTae Brandy imported by me I will bottle, and am i wtth m yANOTHER NESTOf pctoon.—Irfrrmaiton having been received by the pre prietors cf Ii06TETTKa'8 STOMaCH JHTTSB8 that theirTHEA New .Serial Slory of Ainerteaa Life, Illustrated byIltaataese aO PCOUHTBBFKITERS-BEW AREreguiarity affulfttetoan pur poses for wattAn extra eopy will be allowed for every elubof twelvei twenty-tTves-'tiscri^era _ aTeeklvr ttooeaalyMMew»iowoato*ssacoiatatferetesrxweeksfromthefirstapplir*trybitwr-.oerfu:rettejry,nnos", aeVouadatsM Bowery. Pnees uoo end won't atofe or tens* the skin PrieeSl. ' wfiere- t K G. fjKAHAM. 109BDenet 444 Broadway,try it.aWbyaB• mil., iiwi imPOBT ANT TO TATLOR* AMD••* "*•.£* * !1 tmfeme Press* ILTiT'and live the "Prctosnwa now Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 