 :*•-'¥iI IirI1'I'i tat » ' II••e1 i••••determined efforts at their extermination. The sus-pected are menaced, held in terror, or driven off. A trial with all possible speed. The counsel for the de- " man can work." - - :' . • !1I *:v .35it::•'* iIt occurred to me that there might be other causes,!it o await judicial treatment. Indictments were also found against, him in other places, so that he was warned to look forward to a long series of trials. Oneof these, of whkh I shall presently speak, took place last week in the Court-House at this town. The others are yet impending. >Of the books circulated by Mr. Worth, the greater ^portion was recovered and publicly burned; it being a wise custom of this, in common with other SouthernStates, to thus compel attention and invite conside ra- tion to obnoxious publications, instead of quietly dis-appealed to the Supreme Court on'several points.Mr. Worth is also indicted in another bill in this (Randolph) County, charging him with uttering words of the most aggravated degree -of incendiarism. Thispeculiarly doubtful in North Carolina, and the rather high prices paid in the recent sale consequently occa- sioned some astonishment." plain, earnest, most impressive, and thoroughly evan- , gelical .discourse. Mr. Northrop is only about 24 years of age, and of an intellectual cast of countenance; and, if he cultivates his talents, he has a noble field before him. Several of the London journals' have compared him as a public speaker to Mr. Spurgeon; butx• StoteC It might be not unfairly called a sort of enhtfgod sequestered spot among the neighboring •esdktmeafchs-—fifty thousand square miles of stag- wtfkra; a secluded hermitage on an extensive scale, ac- ecmnaodating a recluse population of about a million, mostly innocent of the outer world and its vivacities. Unused for a long periodV> strong excitements, and weognMng no necessity for departure from its extended term of* severe inactivity, North Carolina has hesitated*ven to join in the violent political agitations which, •for the past few years, she alone of all her Southern «sterhood has failed to fully share.the anxious doubting gaze, the watchful scrutiny of each contending buyer, the alternate hopes and fears, the trembHng Hp and the humid eye, as the destiny of separation frbm the best loved became too certain, Snd hat, the unmurmuring resignation which only their lives of well-trained servitude could have brought. All these things were, perhaps, good to be seen.by the ladies in training at the High Point Seminary. But what of the brutal, drunken trader, who, defying all restraints of decency, lavished his course caresses on the shrinking slave girls, and so betrayed the baseness of his nature that even his fellow-dealers, thoughauthor .cdV'* Swaim's Justice," a standard .workof was even harder for him to need money.? Finally, he legal authority in North CaTohnai which is' even now decided, and announced to his fathe^i stove daughterstown, tasted briefly of its excitements, and then, rehar- nessing his steed, rode leisurely away without bidding—A man who was traveling along a road near New* Haven, saw a hand organ at the bottom of a steep'. bank. Ithadclearlybeenthrownthere,butwhether. .mmmmmmtmmmmmmmmmmmmmtmmtmim»mm6WHIRG4B0UHAANT1-SUVERYMOVEMENT salesman's standi was elevated at a central point.the numerous windows of the building clustered; the young receivers of education, intent an£.eag«t. Thefty whendyiDg, and it; i I f t e slept until we reached High Point, and was then' was enly,npjon,his death-bed that ^ . M c A - r - r : gave with some difficulty.persnaded to attend to the necessities the needed thought to the welfare of these two of his of old Buck, who had not shown the slightest disposi-veyed to the Custom-House, placed Jn chains, and eon veyed by rail to Charleston, where he was strippedof all his clothing, knocked down by an officer namedSttteCase#fHMHKCPT.JfeutielWortli. 'crowd of vititorBwaslarge. Therewere Emulators nnknownln^dwhW^arguments were daughters. Callinghissonandheir,Jhereminded him tiontodie,ortohavethebots,ortodoanythingat all Mayhew,whomade use of some dreadfulthreatsto--John-C.Heenan, axeplentyinthTM1 another claimant?*MT.A..J..MR; pardon the libert; stranger to me savWWce*'* Spirit of5ng.Adah LMenke and claiming her a perfectiy correct, uman to have twewife, in my busbar faets which you sh< doingso#Ihopeto noceoce in this mat was married to J<in Christ Churcb/ him since that tor. January 6, I860, ax ceed, I'don't thinkthe crime of bigamacquaintance untilwriting him for<rvm words, ' abeloved brother.' cftyj last July,: '. here ontbe l-5tb.~Vz., and several tii place she named a presented her with sent to The Cltppe with, the request thai fight, which requ*>3t are seen hanging in',13be wished him to Price, M. D., thus u ticmg in Shrevepor Clipperatdifferent ing,toomucheentinw gentleman's pen. S that she is unhappiiy pondence keptsecre applied for a divorce endeavoring to obtaithese family matters mention them as item assoonashe learns through the mediummake known his maxmy happiness not a L -connectionwiththisfaith in his honor, I s ".Hojf>ing you willI remain, yours resp<COMMERC Sale* ut the tit*22,000 Tean«M«e 6», '90 „ 3,000 do5,C0$ VlrgfoJs State 6«.. 2T0Cv C O * . . . . . • » • • • • •10,000. KLwoarieal1,'Xv d o . « . « • • . . . . . . .S0.COS d o . . . . . . . . 4,C0$ do. i... .Hfc*:i ...<WIS^T?fr«r*T* OF THE PEOPLE.* ifffromdifferentStates,and onedealer'fromMississippi, who seemed specially interested in the proceedings; The sale proceeded much as .jffl^v^ialea^ :-;Tb«re was the brisk auctioneer, ever ready to chirp his cheer- ful, jest, and with astonisMng rapidity ot^ntteranoe, mvokmg the most mmute examination of the physical qualities of his stock, male andfemale. ^ On the part of.assurance thattheJ^iOffO^ni Reporter.ASHBORO, Randolph Co., 5*. C , April 7, I860.* the vkfousness, of their set, and everything else that's3 OO •«•••'»••••• >&***$intfiiito4^^writer must have been some obscure and ill-informed fanatic, whose treacherytoi the principle's ofl'the com- monwealth was nptift; matter wpr^y to^be Berioxtely considered. But unhappily for the strength of this position, the author—whose name does; not appear on the titierpage—was Benjamin Swaim, a Carolinian ofof theaffectionhehad alwaysfeltforthem, and con-; jured him to provide for and to protect them" after Ws death; and the wished-for promise was readily given. Not many years later, the son discovered himself to be, vfrom some cause, in pressing Want of money. Money he bad not—at least,' not sunicient—and'yet money he must have. Only one way seemed open tointhe slightest"'^elgree>exciting.,Mj smallboyafter- ward dined with me, and -was good enough to approve of the^fpod. In paying for the meal shortly after, I noticed thatin view of^ position; only half-price was demanded for him. I thought this quite a mistaken no- tion, and that the principle might properly, under [the circumstances, have been reversed.wardhim.vHewas compelled to work in theslave gang, in the execution of Government Works, for the long period of seven years, when he was allowed to come away. He adds that, by tins hard service and cruel treatment, his constitution was broken down, and seven years of the best part of his life have cruelly sacrificed. This man must be crazy, or else heWhhin five or six months, however, North Carolina never undertaking to check his excesses, yet felt awasting substance of his fortune. The girls wrere [Southern whip. I then returned, with a conviction of them. The watch could not be found. The thief enV.has struggled into motion. The cause is that which ismbove all others powerful in Southern regions—theevidence of An*?-SIavwy inroads among the people. been a worthy sight to greet their young eyes, and toAH else faflmg, this has roused at lastthedormantspirit. rest in their young remembrances 1 *» The voice of'North Carolina is heard in the land. The Helper books were burned, and as the term ofProofs of energy and vigor, in one direction at least, court drew near, Daniel Worth was removed fromsion of his well-considered views upon a subject of somuch importance as this he so carefully treated. Andthis he had, thirty years ago, when he lived; but now, young and pretty, it is not likely they were bought forduty performed*—Wm. Smithi an English weaver, residing in Phils/ three weeks. They can, it is to be presumed, hardly delpbia, has for a long time been dissipated, and has- fail to result m his conviction, and it is the opinion of employed himself chiefly in smashing ins looms ami lawyers that* he will, with great difficulty, escape the threatening to kill his wife. On Sundaynight he went!arise. The discovery of Abolition vipers insidiouslygnawing the very bosom of the State is followed byGreensboro to the Randolph County jail, in this town. The excitement in the vicinity was very great. The officers of the court were urged to bring along theit seems, his memory would .be blackened with the stain of incendiarism, and his fame tainted with the worst of Southern disgraces—Abolitionism. I t was,with a sort of prophetic foresight that .in the opening of this pamphlet he admonished his fellow-citizens to "work while it is day, for the night cometh when nopunishment of whipping, which, as well as imprison-borne near midnight, put a pistol to the neck of theanyrhzdt to the persecutions which the mildest advo- of very dangerous character. Mr. Scott, one of the cateof free doctrines must look for. But, notwith- prosecuting attorneys, succeeded while reading it inknow all about it. Not much.SECOND SPEAKER—And we gen'ly know them when of the community foreake them. The negro gets into5,000 8,000 6,000 1,000 1,000 7,000 2,000 7,000do..'...........I California State 7s 4 Brooklyn Watfr V Erie 2d MUe. Bcn« Erie 3d Mtge. Bd« 1do....«..«iErie R. JR. B«., Wlstanding this, the work does go on, quietly, butwith a certain steady success which those most nearlyinterested find no reason to complain of. And this isnow understood bj the people generally. " There are*''as mad abolitionists," said a tavern orator, a fewnights ago, in the village of High Point, " in this"county, and within a mile of us, as any in Massa-* clusette. There are a few respectable Quakers here,.moving the crowd of spectators to many mute demonstrations of indignation toward the prisoner. In hisopening address, he invoked the usual, rhetorical re-sources on su^occasions, launching liberal supplies ofvehement denunciation, and revelling in the wildestextravagance of oratory. Deluges of blood, massacredbodies generally, but particularly of wives and child-ren, badly-cut throats and burning buildings were IHPRUDENT VOICE FROM A CORNER—Niggers is almost every variety of productions, North Carolina has44**ih#xa.n Thereadinesswithwhichthisopinionwis he had buritd his copy somewhere, whenceThe tendency to inactive indolence is everywhere tobe noticed. Even the most youthful of the communityarenotfreefromit. Juvenilesportsareconducteduponthemostlanguidprinciples. Ihad,theotherday,acharmiDg experience with a "representativechild" ofCarolina. He was a stable-boy, and was deputed todrive me, in an open and imperfectly constructedwagon, from Lexington to High Point, a distance of with a large party of friends, and went to a sequestered5 do 23Metropolitan Bank....JO Market-Bank. . . . . . . . 16CornExchangeB*ak 10 St. Nicholas Bank.... 12 Benk of America...77 DeLJc Bodvon Oana] C100 Pacific U. Stms. Co s6 I^Q \LO, mm » • • * • • • •••w dO.,,....*.,.., 400 do :..b«i250 Hudson Hirer R.B- b< •*» dO tea • • • • • • •3,60S California 7a.- 3,500 JU. Central RR- Bdi1 . 0 S S L . JB. k W . ' i t * M t g « 5,000 JM. So. S4_Fand Bd 1,600 N. Ind. 1st Mtge... J SO Axoer. Exchange Bank100 N. Y . Central Railroad 100 . do25 Pacific Mall S. Co .s3our throats cut, if we don't step in and get ahead ofthese testified that, oh learning of Worth's airest,agreed to, showed that it was only the expression of theTm^er8aI conviction; and the numerous disserta- tionsonthroat-catting,inallitsaspects, andvariously •ffcsljj'd, which immediately began, were certainly notpieces of crockery known as " Pi6ces de Service do Hsnri II.", These productions are supposed to be the work of Ascanio, the favorite pupil of Benvenuto Cel- lini, and belong to the best period of the Renaissance; • only 30 specimens are known to exist—the Louvre hadtwo, the Hotel Cluny one, and the Sevres one, and a { fragment. The value of the five pieces now presented t t o t h e S t a t e m a y b e g u e s s e d f r o m t h e f a c t t h a t i n M a r c h , 1859, at the sale of M. Ratlin's collection, one cup and three small salt-cellars fetched 38,228francs, and Baron Rothschild gave 20,000 francs for a small ewer.of a nature to carry comfort to the soul of any drab- Worth to a'man named Yates, and that, at the time,suited gentleman that might have overheard them. -Although the Anti-Slavery movements are mainly Conducted with great caution, yet there are a few earn- e s t w o r k e r s w h o , m o r e d a r i n g , a n d l e s s d i s p o s e d t o<wtkm?ate consequences, adopt a course quite in defiance of universal pjejudicea. Poremost among these is the 2Jcv. Daniel Worth, a Methodist minister, a man dis- tinguished no lees for his unyielding courage than forthe zeal with which be has for the last twenty yearsgiven his strength and eloquence to the cause of negroemancipation. Although always avoiding communica-Worth had counseled Yates to be." careful whom he " permitted to see it, as there was enough contained in " it to whip a man's back, if people were mean enough "to do so."* Testimony was-offered to prove the utterance of verbal incendiary declarations, at other times than at the sales of the books; bnt was objected to by the counsel for the defense, and ruled out. The case was then argued at great length, on behalf of Mr.Worth, by Mr. Palph Gorrellr who, beside denying (the application of the statute to a book like this ofHelper's, earnestly remonstrated against laws whichspot on the Essex coast, where, at ten rainutes before 10 o'clock, the cap was thrown into the ring, and theemploy when discussing the ail-absorbing topic. I 'This work, printed thirty years ago, in the same town coald hardly understand how the mere recollection of a in which Daniel Worth was arrested, and in, which heperpetual practice of which is acknowledged at the hour, he awoke, not clear as to temper, and began South. And one of these is so well illustrated by the to proffer unpleasant observations. " I f you whip himburning pile of ten moderate-sized books should lighsuch a blaze of imagination as was displayed before meA particular point held up to admiration was, that th -fires were kindled just in view of the principal femal ••enunary of High Point. The beneficial effects of sucha scene upon the young feminine mind were vividlyrehearsed, and allusions to the probable responsive person was subjected to inconvenience on account of glow in the hearts of the seminary maidens warmlyits publication or its distribution—a fact which nowpat forth. I could not help wondering if the same seems to be forgotten, since I have everywhere heardhappy results were to be expected from a singular the conviction most confidently expressed, thiA ifA wealthy merchant, named McAthe first social station, and a recognized leader of that mysterious section of the community known as the "upper circles," following a Custom not sufficiently uncommon to make it a matter of remaikable moment,•cene winch I had the day beibre witnessed npon the very porch of this same seminary .---singular to North- ern eyes, and, I should trust, not too frequently ob- served in such a place, even at the South. A scene, too, every detail of which was animated by the same •pirifcwhicb counseled the burning of the Helper booku, and which, like that, was a natural operation of theruling system.It was a slave sale. The preceptor of the Seminary had died, and bis estate was now offered at public auc- tion. There were twenty-three negro slaves, and a f*m other bits of stock—some horses and cows. The piazza of the seminary was selected as the most ad- vantageousplaceforthe exhibition anddispositionoftion to the fact that Buck was not driven fast, and could not, by any possible method known to the human race, be driven fast. He then protested that it madeguilty, but in the sight of the law I am guilty." The counsel for the woman stated that she was ,laboriug under a delusion induced by Spiritualism; a plea of notduce young "Joe" to assume the Presidency and Seership. This result will supersede the necessity of a conference to depose Brigham Young, as the Presidency of young Smith is acknowledged, even in 0tah. Such a conference had been proposed. Much bitterness of feeling is manifested against Brigham Young and hisshame they did not hesitate to avow ? Could that haveyoung, and very pretty, and quite unused to toil. But,tered by a window- ' Jcfense declared that he was left no peace, during the earlier cases, BO constant and importunate were the inquiries.The result of Worth's trial, notwithstanding his con- demnation to twelve months of imprisonment, and jjthe certaintyoffuturesentencesequallyifnotmoresevere is not wholly satisfactory to thepeopleatlarge. Iagain; that, as it was known that the mere i fact of his having written " The Impending Crisis" constituted no punishableoffenseaccordingtothelawsofthe/State, itwouidthenbenecessary,inthepossiblecase of hisit had been exhumed for use on the trial. Another declared he had hidden his in a hollow log in the woods. Another,* named Sluder, assisted by his wife, deposed that he witnessed a sale of Helper's book by Mr.theGovernmentthantherightofway.—Mr. Sauvagost has preeensed to the Louvre fivevtion with slaves themselves, believing that not by punished actions bike those of which his client was ered with some appearance of anxiety. The Mississip-'containing a body of the Kent and Essex forces, so guage to Slavery men, and who received the sentence > The road from Lexington to High Point is intricate. that on whichever side the pugilists and their friends of thirty-nine lashes at the recent Spring Term of the 'M Erie Railroad100 Erie RR. Assented Sti1(0 Harlem BJL PreferrecThere was an increa .thismorning, although irregular. Before themarket on the foreign There was a better fee showed a disposition t< cialry on time. The m the operators for the i change in the quotatior. tral, which, in conse^u Albany, indicating th present session damagi andadvancedto78^, anThis is an improvem price. There were or< cine Mail was more qu at I02i closed at 102. stock excepting, a rum< Lave had an informal current in the street i to the prosperiiy of. tl we hare been* unable Panama was not activ< reduced number of paharmonizing of the op has been the cause of this stock. The busin< and ample to meefc the been talked of. The shares was sustained.' foreign account. Read: The strike of miners h Western shares, the Island and Toledo, the market was fully s quotai ion. Hock I si' Cession, and closed a? Off 40 60J, under the Stringency in money stock on the market. 1ganroad werefirm,but without much activity nnd nearly every descr Thespoat marked advs to 26J; mchigan CetPacific Mail, which market was well sustai from the highest* poi United States 5s, 1ST4, Virginia 6s, 93 #931; Company, 20^20$; Ct fclsil, 102|«103; N«i 78|; Erie, 1 3 ^ 1 4 ; H 10i®10|; Harlem Pre 42|; Michigan Centra and Horthern Indian) ftnd Northern Indiana 133J«134j Illinois Ct cago,62£; Clevelandmud Eock Island, 63 i « 1* Foreign bills the *re, heavy. Sterling e £raUclasa bank bills haFreight i to Liverpo 2§0 boxes Cheess"at 4< in bulk; 50 tuns Lard5j<|,xia bulk, and 6cL Jkgt*. Butter ai 40a ,i •hip's tags* To Lout *«rms; SO tuns Ivory *ta*. ToBremea-M • ^ of 163 tuns frbm J ^ b e r , a t | 8 > M ^oHoXUootoNew-Y*-offiOOtuna from Kew fh* business of thetheir agency, but by that of the whites, the end he accueed, saying that such laws were written in blood; looks for must be accomplished, he has not failed to. by Messrs. Settle and McLean for the prosecution; andput forward his sentiments boldly and without con- finally, by Mr. Morehead for the defendant. Thepi Slave dealer, who had purchased five pieces of valu- able property at the above mentioned sale, and had re- mained longer at High Point than he had intended, on account, as he freely declared, of the attractions of a Jight-hued slave-girl, ("whiter than himself," he said quite truthfully) a waitress at.the tavern, was ready to believe the earnest asseveration of a North Carolina dealer, that the danger of Anti-Slavery influences wasWe had passed over about a mile of it, when the small landed, rout would be sure to follow. After pulling Court at that place, suffered the penalty of the law incealments, whenever he has judged that good might result therefrom. It appears from the statements of his antagonists here, that the " worthier members" of his family—he is himself a native of North Carolina— gave themselves over to deep grief on account of theJudge's charge was then delivered. He overruled a point made by the defense, that as the statute referred only to pamphlets and papers, it could not rightly cover the book in question, that being a bound, volume, by deciding that, although the letter of the actboy etartled me by demanding if I were acquaintedwith the way. I assured him I was not; and, indeed,it was not exactly the reasonable thing for him to ex-pect it of me, since I was then traversing it the firsttime. * " No more am I," said he, with calm indiffer-ence. I suggested, then, that there might be difficul-about the river for more than an hour, the pugilistic parties came to the conclusion that no chance was open to them, and they returned to London, in the hope that " they who fight and run away may live to fight an- other day."the public square on the 24th ult. The punishment was inflicted by Sheriff Moore with seven switches. He was then immediately placed on the cars and sent out of town«'OTTOrs of his ways; and some time ago, as a punish-, was not met, yet the Jury must be guided by its mean- very great. "The niggers are always ready to do ment for his persistence in wrong, formally repudiated ing. He also instructed the Jury that they must, con- " mischief," said the Carolinian. " If I should walkties in getting at the right direction. "Oh, well," heBaid, "you can inquire, I suppose;" I admitted the Exhibition in London in 1861. They are Earl Gran- five years: He was the President of the Farmers' andham, and renounced all ties of relationship with him. It does not appear, however, that this cessation of con- sanguinity brought Mr. Worth a eiugle step nearer to repentance, but that, on the. contrary, he plunged rather more deeply than before into the Anti-Slaveryabyss. The result, inevitable under the circumstances, was that some two months ago he, as well as several others similarly engaged, was arrested and thrown intoJail, on the general charge of. exciting discontent in the slave population, and seeking to create insurrection.The particular occasion of Mr. Worth's arrest was the disposal by him of a number of copies of H. P.. Helper's " Impending Crisis," a work which, although written by a North Carolinian, and approved by North Carohnians, has been judged improper for North Caro-clude for themselves whether the tendency of the book was such as is forbidden by the statute, and whether it was circulated by Worth with, the deair* to produce discontent and dissatisfaction with their condition among free negroes and slaves. Bnt, in respect of this, he held that.it was not necessary that the Jury should he assured that the book had been read by or recited to a tree negro or slave, or that any such knew anything of any part of its contents. The Judge's charge was finished at midnight, and the Jury immediately retired.At 4 o'clock on Saturday morning, they returned withtruth of that, and he seemed to look upon that matter as settled.Presently he laid the reins upon my knee, intimating that he was tired, and that I had better undertake the driving for a while. Of course it was impossible to deny him the privilege of being tired, that being the natural and lasting prerogative of the white North Carolinian. As I yielded to his wish, he remarked, " Now. if I fall out, you must wake me up,"ville, the Marquis of Chandos, the Bight Hon. Thomas Baring, and C. W. Dilke, esq. Of course Prince Al- bert is the active head and manager of the undertaking, and his name will bring together the guarantee fund and the sinews of war. It is said that this will be a very different affair from the Exhibition of 1851, and aim at much wider'and more practical results.—The- Venetians have strange ways of ex- pressing their dislike of the Austrians, and the latter are sometimes'driven to very ridiculous acts in self-de- fence. The other day, among the pigeons fwhich gen- erally Icongregate in thePlace of St. Mark, one cameJ ^ t h a large tricolor cockade tied round its neck. Im-Planters' Bank for many years.— A man named H. Weed recently died in Sand-linians to read. After having been detected circulatingpublic whipping), and sentenced the prisoner to con- cerned. There was a unanimity of opinion on thisfinement for twelve months—the shortest period men- subject quite surprising, inasmuch as stern-determina-ta verdict of guilty.The Judge stated that he could ex-wagon floor and went to sleep. Under these eireum-stances, it was impossible for me to do anything elseThe Christian Cabinet speaks of him as "this emi- nently popular minister of the Gospel; young in years, vigorous in intellect, clear in spiritual things, apt to teach, quick to learn, and willing to be led in whatever may be for the glory of God. Mr. Northrop has bee a denominated the Spurgeon of America." TheEdiTi- burgh Witness speaks of one of his sermons as aercise his discretion as to mulcting the whole or onlya part of the punishment prescribed (imprisonment andmediately the grave occurrence was reported to thepolice, and submitted to the judgment of Governor Bis-sengen, who pronounced capital sentence on thepigeon, and, as ^in extraordinary measure, a rewardfirst of $2, and afterward, for expedition's sake, of $4,was offered for the arrest of the delinquent. It wasnow two o'clock, the hour when the pigeons are fedfrom a window in the piazza, and the culprit was notyet caught. Then several soldiers were ordered tohelp the man who feeds the birds in this undertaking;accordingly all descriptions of soldiers might be seenbusied in displaying on the window the most temptingmorsels. But he, with wicked obstinacy, let the sbirri it would be more correct to say that his manner of de- take all this trouble, remaining perched on a neighbor-[HEW-YORK DAILY TRHHTKE, THURSDAYS APRIL 12,11860. ;"jjto tranquil temper of Xorth Carolina is not oftenIt la * State of few emotions—morally a the slaves there was at first the usual stohd air, then the highest social and legal position. He was the him. It was, perhaps, rather a hard casej but then, itAfter dining, my small boy strolled through the ia a great romancer. /process of rigid investigation begins. Where sentif-tttents of opposition to the prevailing creed are distinct-lydetected,thelaw isletlooseupontheoffenders.Andineveryway,sofarasthisonepointisconcerned,the placidity of North Carolina has given place to an room was closely filled with crowds of spectators. hear very many expressions of discontent that he was ever reappearing in that region, to remedy this defect, overflow of indignation which is expected to settle the Mr. Worth appeared soon after 10 o'clock. He is a not publicly whipped, as well as incarcerated, as he and apply, by means of mobbing, the penalty whichquestion very speedily, and to remove atonce all diffi- a man of imposing and dignified presence. He must might have been-K>r, according to the popular view, could not otherwise be enforced. I heard, too, the le-tion Of the sentence, The trials are looked forward to with exceeding interest, both by the masses, eager for hisdisgrace,andbythefriendsofthecausethepris- oner represents,who are here stronger in numbersthan in any other part of the State.adly hurt, the wife will probably recover, and live to'; ndure more abuse from her husband. ; ,—TheClevelandInstitutetookfireonSaturday,and' waspartiallydestroyed. WhiletheflameswereragingI violently, a young lady was found to be in the burning I wing; she was enthusiastically engaged in saving fur- niture, after the manner of people at conflagrations, by - i browing all frangible articles from the window, and [ 1anding feather beds with tender care down the stairs*culties in the way of the peaceful progress of the Southern system.The principal excitements are in the very center of the State—in the Counties of Davidson, Randolph, Guilford, and others adjasent—where the operations ofhave passed sixty-five years, and yet his frame is full of vigor, and the firmness of his bearing is untouched by time. His great bight, six feet and four inches, adds vastly to the impressiveness of his mien. His manne was perfectly calm, and his countenance was quite untroubled.ought to have been—under the. statute. But the hope that some less lenient. Judge in another county may impose this more degrading penalty, sustains them in their disappointment.The night'before last, while I was writing a fewprivate incendiary lines at a tablein'thehotelofficegend of a wise and a foolish .Quaker, the latter a Hickory of the most obnoxious growth, who had-ruined himself by spending his money in foolish schemes for the liberation of slaves and their after conifort, and whose great house at High Point, after his death, had beensoldtosupplytheneedsofhiswidow:theformer, bis son, "a fine young fellow, who would be glad to " own all the niggers in North Carolina," and who had•PERSONAL.<Thetrialto->kplaceonFridayofJastweek.Thecourt-This brought up the subject of amalgamation, which was in various wayB severely reprehended. It was charge he emphatically denies, and says cannot be all wrong, said a leader in the debate, to rear, mulattoesunderstood, his counsel made great exertions to efl'ect a compromue, and stay proceedings, offering the con- dition that the accused should leave the State, with aseparate. This looked like a marvel of humanity, until the reason came, which was that the mixed breeds were "no good"; they were weak and sickly, and" ter get out and fix it before we begin to go up." There seemed to be reason in this; so I did get out, and "fixed" as I best knew how, which was not verying building. U^ljy were obliged to make a regular siege and take him by hunger, when he was pitilessly executed.—Mr. Spurgeon has declined an invitation from the Congregational Union to participate in its anniversary exercises in May. He writes to Dr. Thompson that it is quite impossible for him to leave home at present for America, and adds: " I have been nearly seven years without a rest, and am hoping this year to make a littlejourney upon the Continent. I must then come home again, and, if God shall help me, stick to it for another seven years.". —Tlit Boston Jout-nal says: " The friends of Prank B. Sanborn are about to present his sister—as a token of their respect for her bravery—one of the latest style of Colt's revolvers. It will bear an engraved repre- sentation of the old Pine Tree flag, and the inscription,•*Sic itiir ad astra /' "—On Monday, a man and woman were arraigned in the Criminal Court at Boston, on a charge of adultery. The man pleaded not guilty, and the woman responded:livery resembles that of Mr. Gough, as the London divine has little or none of the action and gesture which mark both Mr. Gough and Mr. Northrop. His. voice also, although powerful, is less sonorous, than that of Mr. Spurgeon.",—Garibaldi appeals to maintain unabated his popu- larity in Italy, and his birthday, March 19, was cele- brated in Rome by a Tc Deum, intoned in a church by * party of students. As Garibaldi is a native of Njtce, and as Nice ia now a French city, it is remarked thafc probably he will represent that city in the French Corps. It will be a curious instance of the vicissitudes of life to see the defender of Rome, the exile of the . marshes of Ravenna, the candle dealer of Staten Island, bnd the hero of the late Italian war, a member of theImperial Government of France.—A special dispatch to The Cincinnati Gazette of April 6, says that the annual conference of the new or- ganization of the Mormons has been in session ia Amboy. Many of the high priests and officials were present, including young Joe Smith, who was in- ducted into the office of President of the high priests.posing of them in some less obtrusive manner. Ten pledge never to return, but the prosecuting officer re- beside being unequal to hard work, gave themselves .well, I imagine, as my driver's countenance indicated copies which had been left in charge of a citizen of fuged to enter into any such arrangement. more aire than the pure-blooded negroes. And, more- dissatisfaction. But when, at the end of the hill, myHigh Point, were delivered up, and thus destroyed in The conneei for the defense had originally intended over, their offspring always, in each succeeding gener- the most prominent part of the village. The proceed- to make use of an interesting and remarkable pamphlet, ation, grew feebler and feebler.ing was described to me the other day with that rich-ness of vituperative illustration and fecundity of invec- "to. the People of North Carolina on the Evils of perhaps not less important than this, for regretting the sleep again.published in 1830, at Greensboro, entitled " An Addresstive which I find Southerners know so well how to " Slavery. By the Friends of Liberty and Equality." evils which follow the free mingling of the races, the Having completed his slumbers in the course of anis ehortly to receive one of the several trials which await him, is an energetic and uncompromising on- slaught upon Slavery, as earnest in denunciation and as complete in its exposition oi the vices of the system as any similar essay which has since appeared. Thirty years ago, it was circulated in North Carolina, and notad and tragic story of an event which happened not long ago in a neighbor State of North Carolina, that as it has nevei* been put before the world, it may no inaptly be here narrated.The case is well enough known in Savannah, Geor- gia, where it occurred, and is fresh in the recollection. of hundreds.on the rump," said he of the horse, whose name was Buchanan, by reason probably of his age, his slowness, and the great uncertainty of his movements, "he will kick up." I declared that nothing was further from my intention than to whip that noble animal on the rump; at which my counselor became silent, though appa- rently' not more than half convinced. «'.have aidedJa W^h^^efenBe.; •? fotmd, on generalBut there was the money that must be procured. Soyoung McA-— bravely shook off all qualms, and, by Swaim ought Burely to have the privilege" of free diffu- coining bis sisters' flesh and blood,, restored in part theway into the country, and discharged three shots from one of Allen's patent revolvers, a minute article, war- ranted toproduce a noise equal to the" cracking of aof the bed. On rising in the morning Mr. Linos missed. - both. The trowsers he afterward found in the yard, thoroughly soaked with rain, but with no money £*•thus fortified as to character, and recommended as anauthor deserving of particular consideration, Benjaminlaborers in the Anti-Slavery cause have been mostfreely and effectively carried on. There is in thesecosUiesa considerable Quaker population, of whom thegreat majority, if not nearly all, earnestly favor thepromulgation of the most liberal ideas upon the sub-ject^ and who continually aid, as far as they are able to elightly varying, it may be presumed. Of the twelve upon the stranger. There were three or four prom- ings on the subject of the great wrong that had been being in the flower of his age, was of so vigorous awithout peril to themselves, the development of the largest Anti-Slavery principles. These movements are, JOT the most part, secretly pursued, the dangerous con-sequences of disclosure restraining any general openand undisguised action- At this time there is hardlywho were at last selected, four were slaveholders and eight non-slaveholders. The indictment, which was very long, covering twenty pages, was largely occu- pied with citations from Helper's book, and as such ought to have been regarded as an incendiary documentinent debaters, and quite a chorusof less important by- standers, whose occasional emphatic corroborations'in- tensified a good deal the declarations of the elders. .PIRST SPEAKER—We keep a good watch for Ab-olitionists down here. They can't operate without wedone hiniuSo runs the popular sentiment of all North Carolina,in the consideration of the Slavery question. Apart from it, there seems no deficiency of generous impulse, and abundant evidence of noble feeling. But at the point of Slavery discussion these ceases. The sensesconstitution that the length of his reign might well have been expected to equal that of his greatgrand- father, Path Ali Shah. Nasiru'd-din ascended the throne on the 4th of September,'1848; and it will be remembered that a few years back he was near perish- ing by the hand of an assassin, having been badly wounded by a fanatic of the Babi sect. He leaves a son about eight years old, who, w e presume, will be his successor. It is most unfortunate for Persia, thus to be placed under a minor, at a time when great re- forms were in progress, and when a Shah of most de- termined will, and with great natural abilities, was bent on developing the resources of the country, and oh'introducing European civilization.—The Commissioners appointed by the Government of Netherlands India to compile a Dutch and Javanese dictionary have a long job on their hands. They have been at work 17 years, and have finished only the first five letters of the Javanese alphabet—lo, no, tjo, ro, ko.—The experience of two prize-fighters in England the other day is not encouraging for the great conflict betweenSayersandHeenan. Itseemsthatafight was to take place on March 520, the combatants being Bull, who has only fought twice In the prize ring, and Smith, a noted pugilist of Portsmouth. The pugilists and their' backers started from London in companyFinally, by absolute force, she was removed. A local' \ paper calls this bravery. * \—A young man in Lawrence, Mass., went to a coal furnace in his residence, and opened the door. The gas, which, by a disarrangement of the dampers, had « accumulated, burst forth, took fire from a lamp he heldin bis hand, upset him, burned him badly, and blew the lamp through the side of a glass picklejar.—Two school girls, residing in Jefferson County, ; Mo., were obliged to pass through some burning . woods. The clothes of one of them caught fire, and before aid could be rendered the little one was burnedA good deal of time—upward of two hours—was ocr cupied in impannelling a jury. Of about fifty who were examined, almost all had formed and expressed opinions as to the guilt of the accused—opinions veryhere, an argumentative party gathered arouni, watch-44 who, though their queer religion lets them hive no* nigger property* never seek to interfere with what Scott did it all well, and having done it, the Govern- at the volunteer of this hit. of testimony.]*rwe know to be right, andwhat they knew to be no ment proceeded to call its witnesses, eight or ten in1 Dumber. The taking of the evidence was quickly ac- * concern of theirs. But the mass are -degenerate" Quakers, Hickory Quakers we call them, with all complished. Pour copies of " The Impending Crisis"Vwere produced, which, it was proved, Mr. Worth had ** bad, and they are the men who are going to have sold to different parties, who appeared. One of5 Bank of Commerce., :wrought together into a picture of very gory hue. Mr.ing with curiosity the process of tile Northern gentle-man wielding hife pen. Presently a conversation, been heard to revile his father's memory with greatarose, intended to produce an impression of some, sort spirit, as the only manner he had of expressing his feel-best shot and best rider in his dominions; and, besidetheir heads, and they declaim and harangue in wildest THIRD SPEAKER—They can't harm us here. Nig- excess of bitter acrimony. Gn these occasions only iswe see them, wherever they come from.gers is faithful, and runs from an Abolitionist like poison. .'-.there much appearance of rough vigor among the peo- ple. Their common mood is that of placid languor. Whatever real energies the people may possesss•' seem ever to be lying dormant. With a surpassingly beauti- ful climate, and a soil of great fruitfulness, suited toMch-dUPci-lstJ Sink. Fd. Con. Bd« *00CMica.S.2dMt«B.CHORUS OF BYSTANDERS—Oh, yes; niggers is faith- ful.to death. —Dr.,.'-..Sumner Stebbins, for some time the editor of,•1.500 Jllinoh Cen. RR-B(1 7.C00 do.....€.000 Bkn.fc.St. Jo. RRJf 2,000 d o . . . . . . . . •• ••. 3T0w do* •••••••••«.,3,0OOLake Erie & VV. 'Mtze Bonds1.000 CbUtRk LlaodB, 5,000 Detrfot M.&.T0L B<10 Nation*! Bank10 B'k of the State of N.> »,..••afraid to be anything else. [Glances of disapprobation I FIRST SPEAKER—We can put Abolitionists in jail,and we can stripe them. ~ ,'SECOND SP'EAKER—Why didn't we stripe old Worth ? IMPRUDENT VOICE AGAIN—He's such an old man.[Indignant glances, discouraging the Imprudent Voice from further manifestations.] . . . .THIRD SPEAKER—We shall stripe Worth before, we are through with him.PIRST SPEAKER—Serve him right, too.CHORUS OF BYSTANDERS—Oh, yes; serve him right. Better hang him.At this point comes up the inevitable assurance—the Alpha and Omega of Pro-Slavery. argument—that "niggersis happy." After a few variations on this flexible theme, to the,effect that " niggers always loves "their owners, at least North Carolina niggers," and t h a t " n o p e r s u a s i o n s c o u l d b r i n g n i g g e r s t o i n j u r e t h e i r "masters," the-debate is dropped, and the assemblage dissolves.. The next evening, at High Point, only twenty miles distant, a hotel piazza, coterie discussed " niggers " in a more natural and less cautious maner. The spread of Abolitionism among the "Hickory Quakers" wasdeeply lamented, and the possible consequences consid-only some five millions of acres of the thirty-two millions of the State, improved and cultivated. Massa- chusetts, with its rocky Soil and rude climate has, of its lets than five millions of acres, over two millions inThe Marsliall Statesman, has recently retired from that position, intending to return to his old residence in Chester County, Pa. Previous to his departure, a number of his friends gave him a complimentary sup- : per, at which good speeches were made, and a Pepub- lican Club formed.into that house opposite, and find ten niggers, I could in half an hour so work upon them as to make them go over to that school (pointing to the seminary), and cut as many throats as they could find." This opinion, startling as it appeared, was quite readily subscribed to by the listeners, who all agreed that " niggers was just that ready to be induced to do anything that was wrong."The High Point discussion gradually became more interesting. The question whether Slavery is or is not profitable in the State of North Carolina arose, and, rather singularly, 'was decided in the negative, so far as the central and western parts of the State were con-," and straightway coiled himself in the straw upon thewich, N. H. It is said that on his deathbed he con- fessed that he was one of the murderers of Parker, who was so mysteriously slain sixteen years ago at Manchester, N. H.; but as a small army of dying men have been reported as saying the same thing, the truth ' of the alleged confession may be doubted.—The Rev. H. D. Northrop, now in England, who has accepted a call to become the pastor of the Park Congregational Church in Brooklyn, seems to be very successful in his evangelical labors in Great Britain.ceeded in accomplishing t w o or three miles in a wrong course before meeting any human thing from whom to gain information. My small boy roused himself. about this time, demanded an explanation, and took it ex- ceedingly ill that I should so have' blundered/ His principal objection to my deviation was that hunger began to assail him, and his chances of dinner were deferred by at least an hour. But soon he sought again somniferous consolation.The harness breaking shortly after in some mysteri- ous spot, the technical name of which I am not con- scious of, I aroused my. young driver, and mentionedproved. and the like. For his part, he would be glad if he the circumstance. It caused him no disturbance what- Before the commencement of Mr. Worth's trial, it is could se.e the white and black races wholly distinct and ever. " Here's a long hill," he said, " and you'd bet-tions to permit no interference whatever with Slavery Cbeenshoro, in Ins native county/and confined in jail, the Judge acted in direct opposition to the opinions had only a short time before been expressed. But itthis work in various towns, Mx. Worth was seized attioned in the statute. In taking this course, however,and prejudices of the people. The defendant's counsel was freely admitted that the profits of slave labor are.occupyingNext came a powerful hint that, if Buck was driventoo fast, he was sure to have the hots. I called atten- " In the sight of my God and my conscience I am not TJiis organization is very sanguine that they can in-;,Of»sjr^advertisedthroughouttheState. Isawin'theRaleigh thattheirvaluetohimwasmoreappfciableiaanother methefarewellforwhichIlooked.: papers of laet week notices in which were the most iformlhan themselves. To this cruelty;they did not This weighed rather heavily upon my spirits, until a suicide, a murder, or a minor defalcation had beenpassively submit, as it would undoubtedly have been late iirthe afternoon, by a stray copy of a New-York committed, could not be discovered; , ' *profuse commendations, of the book, and also of itswriter, whose wisdom and learning are attested by anumber of very respectable gentlemen froni-"variousparts of the Union. If I remember aright, the-estima-ble name of Edward Everett was among these. Now, common fate of all who bear the shames of servitude. of the State of North Carolina. I went out a little pocket of his trowsers, and the watch hung at the headbecoming in them to do; but, " presuming upon their relationship," implored the young McA——to heed the dying injunction of their father, and to spare them thepaper, I learned the result of the Connecticut election. I wish to state that there were demonstrations of re- joicing over the Eepnblican victory, in the interior—On Sunday night Mr. James E. Lines, residing fe> Wa!l|ngford, Conn., was robbed of $465 in moneyx and of a watch valued at $130. The moneywas in the'purposes of toil. • 'Clearly, the custom of mingling the blood of the tworaces has some errors; ' 0)By the continuation of the tavern conversation atThe other trials of Mr. Worth are to begin in aboutcultivation. gether. .Enterpriseand Slaverydo not march to-, —Messrs.0'Beilly andSpeedpropose to constructa '(.line of telegraph from St. Paul, Minnesota, to Paget Sound, within two years, without any other aid from 'about twenty miles. He was almost eleven years old,and given to abrupt speech, warmly spiced with im-promptu profanities. His face was not strictly clean,b u t , w h i l e b e t r a y i n g s l i g h t t r a c e o f w a t e r y p u r i f i c a t i o n ,beamed-with a certain dignity; and, although his his might to the scene of action, followed by a large trowsers were. torn, they disclosed a knee that was body of the force. The pugilists, frightened by this not framed to crook in pregnant hinges. The lad was apparition, took to the boats, which were in readinesschary of his confidence, and, concerning me, evidently cherished a suspicion of something Northern. I sought at first to win his regard, but he steadily repelled all such advances.for them, and were making off across the water to the Kentish coast, when they found they were followed by a last-sailing skiff belonging to the Thames Police,;\.j !but lose the way, winch I accordingly did, and sue- * -aiatalvtha <rrave owmrrence w «mort«d to the Mrepairs became undone, and the. harness once more re fused its office, hio dissatisfaction deepened into scorn- ful displeasure, which did not depart until he went toDaniel Worth, or any other man, had ventured, half acentury back, to issue, or even to bear in his possession,a work of the Helper order, no jury would have beencalled to pronounce upon his guilt, and no legal judgeto proclaim his sentence; but that his immediate deathwould have followed bis detection. Thus the people ofNorth Carolina, at least many of them, cherish the sin- for whom he had a particular affection. They shared, Point. I hoped not, but asked what course, in case of at the church of the Advent in Boston, the amount re-gular belief that their State progresses from year to in. a good degree, the privileges of his other and ac- bote, it would be proper to pursue. My juvenile an- ceived was Tvicnty-Jive thousand Jour hundred dollars. the course of private conversation, Youngand his coun- year; an error ofjudgment that could hardly occur in knowledged children, somewhat to the distaste of cer- swered that there was nothing particular to be done The Transcript is responsible for this statement. selors w*re denounced as having separated themselves any other part of the country. tain neighbors, who objected that the girls presumed excepting molaeees and milk, and, as he hadn't any. —A man named Gerard Ackroyd has been strangely from the church, and the people in Utah are to beThis " Address" was not, for some reason, brought .upon and took advantage of the slight and unimportant molasses and'milk about hiin; Buck would probably imposing on the credulity of the people of Halifax, preached.to, in order to convince them that they have ' England, near which place he was born. He says that " given heed to seducing spirits and doctrine* of to notice in the trial, although its effect in proving that circumstance of their paternity. Overlooking the ne- die without delay. This was by no means a cheerful in the month of August, 1851, as he was walking in devils." Polygamy, as a doctrine, was severely•Aretained within his house, among his wife and his le- very little difference whether he was driven fast or guilty, was entered, and the case was set down forgitimate children, a handsome female slave, who, in the fulfilment of her duties, brought him many chil- dren. AinoDg these wore two girls of much beauty,not, he was still prone to bots Jon most occasicas; and that, to the best of his belief, bots were very sure to intervene between the place where we were and Hightrial.—It is said that at the last Sunday morning oflertory,a most radical Anti-Slavery publication, written, as cessity for making early provision for these daughters, prospect, but Young Carolina appeared not muchthe street of Cabotsville, Mass., (having then resided in America for five years) he was seized by two men, named Wheeler and Churchill, and was by them con-criticised, its practice denounced, and its practitioners'-,areunderanathema. • >.• —Ths famow American Championjof the P, E.,HUHelper'sbook was,byaNorthCarolinian,had been Mr.McA delayed establishing^theirfreedom until afflictedbyitafterall,andinthecourseoftenminutes ihe property. There the negroes were stationed. The hmg since circulated without interference of the an- it was toe late. The law of Georgia forbidg a slave laid himself away for another deep,£Untitled Document|.ILWI-I. •••••• I'll .HI. •High Point, I gained some other facts of/ interest. Ilearned that Helper, whose native town u not far from at all. It is doubtful whether the judge will, in all the then he tried to shoot himself, but failed, because hirwoman, and fired, the ball passing into her month;, that place, /could never hope to. visit his early home cases, assume the responsibility of-omitting that por- skull was BOthick that the bullet glanced off. Thoughment, is imposed by the statute, if, indeed, he escape it'—Naisru'd-din Shah, the lately deceased monarch of Persia, was born in 1831, and was consequently in histhem come near her, and pursued her mission by throw- . ing a looking-glass and some china from the window.A man ran up through the smoke to save this zealous 23th year at his death. He was the eldest son of worker, but she refused to go till the property was:Muhammad Shah, the eldest son of Abbas Mirza, so wellknownfor bis partialitytotheEnglish,aPrince of the greatest promise, whose death was truly the heaviest disaster his coun'ay has for the last half cen- tury experienced. Nasiru'd-din was reputed to be. thesaved, and ended the controversy bj| striking her wouid* bepreserverintheface,andboltingthedoornpon him. She was now in really imminent danger, and a Sheriff' and his deputy rushed after her. She refused to let'pugilists commenced opera' ions.w a s s e e n i n t h e d i s t a n c e a p o l i c e m a n , r u s h i n g w i t h a l lAt this moment there— Mr. William E. Mayhew, an esteemed citizen of — The trustees have been appointed for a new Great Baltimore, died in that city on Tuesday, aged seventy-—The Washington (Ga.) Independent learns that a man by the name of Wobd, who was taken up at Abbeville, S. C , last Pall, for using unpalatable Ian- w*party in Utah. Throughout the proceedings, and m'••*....-r;60 do] COdo.... Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com...,..^^-ar/. . ^ : ' J-ws s a s n'. ^ ^ ^ ^ .^ iMoHSaMBmMBmggBBBBmgBBm 