 Na»ar tWpousing h i s doctrines, have overthrown their political opponents, and takeg the reins of governmentindespiteofthesecretprejudicestiNEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, MARCU 21, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.••^^~^—TMii^^aa«^^TM^M^TM.TM^Ba"^^B»a**»»"""""TM"""^^^B^«^^^a^aa«w^aw«aBBaaiB»BBBaa»aa»TM^MBaMTt* Mexican Horatio* at » CrUls-TMo course that duty anV pftttiottni prompted. principles of popular freedom, la opposition gobg on between the rival gtrgs of p o U ^NEW YORK HERALD. the new iron steamer Matanga* made the quick paasage hence to Matanaaa of fire days and sixC»ptwre *>ft*« C«*s*»lr «tfps.The news from VeraCruz bfta rung likea trumpet through the land, and, following soWe care not whether t*>«i* ""fractions WET- ranted that coarse or notr **•ae*rt °* •••'/ American will sustain them, **& the wholealike to the divine right of kings and the freebooter, at Albany, the taxpayers # ^ Tested privileges of feudal aristocracy-to breakdown thenobility of birth, tooverthrow caste, toi T^CrherUll,lgthe fond h^ ** * aodtobuildontheirruins therights of the taleofthefamous cats ofKilkennywflTbe• O O R D O K B E S < E T T , EDITOR AND PROPRIETOR.hours;thatsugarsatHavanaonthe16thinstwereTooaHo- ItT*xaaTwoto QVUIH.SARROWS AMRRWAR MU8BT7M. Broa4w*r -After- • M tad B n e h i flasae I m u .English flag. And more than this, so evident thorizingthePresidenttocallintoservicearegi- hasourexecutiveweaknessasanationtopro-vermental reforms. The Imperial Council is hence- was 1,495, while those who died, were discharged, forwardtobecomposedoftwodifferentortransferredtootherinstitutions,numberedtreaty reconsidered. Itisontheheelsoftheseselfishpartymove-created great excitement among the crowned headsandfeudalaristocracyofallEurope. They were seized with the same vague, undefinedpower, over the Romagna, after all: that the distinguished representative of the Five Points is a great lion among the English bruisers; that the Commodore of the Gulf squadron has taken twoofMiramon'sships;thatagrandforayinto Mexico is contemplated, and even initiated at Galveston andNewOrleans:that itismoreelements, one proceeding from nominations by the Emperor-most probably the princes of the Imperial house, the highest func- lianaries of the State, and other eminent per- sons besides; the other, proceeding from elections1,646, of whom 1,499 were discharged.countwithregardtothenumberallottedtoeachprovince, andthe whole number of members ofthis description amounting to thirty seven. TheCouncil is to meet in May next. The sub- committee of two were appointed to await npon letU to be submitted to the Council the Governor, and obtain if possible, hia veto toare the deliberation and definite settlement of the the bill. Mr. Forst of the Demokrct, one of theBudget, control of accounts, all laws hiving forcecommittee, returned yesterday from Albany, andof two armed cruisers to vex the commerce ofNapoleon will, if h e can, makeUnder all the circumstances, this inquiry is aEmperor's command. This is a step towards con- stitutionalism, though, ol course, a brief one.Thereisnothingofparticularimportancefrom Italy. It is stated, however, that Chevalier Buon- compagni, the Governor General of Central Italy, has resigned his post. In t h e Marches agitaaon8till continued.The Belgian government i» collecting materialswherebytoformajudgmentastowhatchangesin thecommercialrelationsbetweenFranceandBel gium are to be anticipated from the new Anglo- French treaty, and what reforms of the Belgian as well asFrenchtariffarecalledfortomeetthe case. Theobjectisevidentlytoproposeacom- mercial treaty between France and Belgium.Thereisno news from theseatof warinMo- rocco.A meeting of the proprietors of the Great East- ern had been held in London, at which a motion to increase the capital of the company £100,000 was adopted.In Loadon the funds were apparently but littletothepeopleofNewYorkcity,inorderthatthey rivers,hassheasinglesailor. YetinHavana,might decide it by the ballot box; but as to-day where every Spanish sailor is matriculated by isthelastinwhichhecanvetothebill,hewill thegovernment,whereauthorityismostdes-affected b y t h e bavoy question. at94f a94j.Parliamentary debates o n t h e Consols o n the 6th were quotedThe ladies look anxiously for the Paris might. In the language of the black Douglass, fashions, and are exercised in their minds upon be '-rendered a mighty instrument for! tbe de-The Liverpool American produce marketsex- hibited no material change from previous reports. Cotton and breadstufls continued dulLThe steamship Circassian, from Galway, March o, via St Johns, Newfoundland, arrived at thisSaturday—Morning overcast, afternoon cloudy, night fog. The cotton market yesterday continued heavy, and rj""**»-TheColonialParliamentwerediscuas- especiallyforUieinferiorandcommongrades,wnich were irregular. The sales embraced about 1,000 bales, closing tamely on the basis of quotations given in another reluma. The receipts at the ports since the 1st of Sep- tember last have reached 3,808,000 bales, against 3,110,-|x*t this morning.The Pulton brings advicea from Australia, datedsi*pJay—Clear ail day, night cloudy. Monday—Overcast, light rain in forenoon.Tuesday— Moinirg overcast, wind blowing fresh all day,n;ght overcast Wednesday—Clear all day. Thoraday— CMsar all day. Friday- Clear all day.fashion, or only a mild form of poke. TheJapan mission, too, has its interest for the mar-riageable belles, who, remembering the dia-mond wedding, think that an alliance with ahigh functionary of the court at Jeddo mightbe a very good thing to do. The old ladiesare looking out for the result of the French and»t Melbourne on the 17th and Adelaide on the 18thWe have accounts from Buenos Ayres totb»nit The conclusion of peace between Buenos doing. f f w particulars we refer to^•wat was Ayres and the Argentine Confederation had pro- Onrvinactive andunchanged; that the rates of exchange on Londonwere13percent,andontheUnitedStatestwoto quicklyasitdoesORthefootstep*oftheblack countrywillsupporttheminit.tw/rtcRm.v.OORXRRorHASSAOAXSnavmrITS. threepercent;thatfreightsfortheUnitedState* republicanpartycombinationintheSenateto There now remains bntooe^.OOttrsefor people. ThisIsthesecretofbispopularity realizedinthepersonofGeorgeUw.Thurbw adwMitt.JfoMyMm*»aaaAwiOtoatf<»«were:rugar,$4to16pethad.and$1perbox;mo-defeattheMexicanandNicaraguatreaties,Itourgovernmenttopursue.InquiryshouldwiththeliberalpartyinEngland,who,byes-adherents.I'Mtuy* < i f i art rtLti—4 <w "Tat* flilir BMMALD MOaaati awway 87 •«•laxaes,$2ISto$250per110gallons.MJI WMMMLr BBHALD. t*my Saturxlmp, at tt» emit p*r In Congress yesterday the Senate adopted a re- leaders that can stoop to make a party combi- in which the corsair ships Miramon sad•n ur|»j«rMM,«A«*»»M«IJMMfcmtMr^ITMkMHL/y, solutiondirectinginquiryaetotheexpediencyoftJbo«—iM-«y»,t*P«ra—MWto»fawicyff«KBrifla*, nationagainsttreatiesstipulatingforthede- Marquez—namedthusaftertherebelMexi-whereby the Nicaragua |reaty was rejected. Con--arrivalsfromEuropeeverywee*. Thole-Ma.ringswithan ominous import totheppUticti be immediately made as to the coftrftCteriAll the details of these important mittenwillbelaidbeforethepublkurapidT" •r3h«%Mrta/lA«Omtimmt.V*Afc>M»l«po**y(A«extinguishingtheIndiantitletolandinandaboutfenceoftheinterestsandrightsofAmericancanleader,andtheassassinofTacubayaofthemonarchandtheCoburginterestbehind•team,electricityandthelightningpre***9mrS)rlMU.Y'BKUJ^i mV e i lTHB EVRHTRO.m u y a QARDRR. SM*4—y.-Au, HAuew Rr*-Ax Hevs a fcrnii P*A» Seat.*OWRRV THRATRR, Bmrr .-HlRUIO01 8 B 1 H B - - M T H B C U O I I W i n .tT*JI0«U*f.Pikea Peak. A joint resolution that Congress ad- 'citizens.and robber of the conducts at Guadala- the throne. can do their w«k. I - the good old timj!££ jara—left Havana, sad became armed ships The only Power in Europe whichdoesnot ^fj^of Qmmnce and the CbevUior under the Mexican flag s o near to our appreciate the position o f Napoleon, or under- We*, • blanket were called newspaper*, poopi* own shores. If the Spanish authorities of stand his policy, is the Church. If it only were content to watt a month for foreigners Cuba can be shown to have in any way con- knew its own interests and the spirit of the age, »nd had very often to go without IiuVmatiooJ o .8 0Formorethanfortyyears Mr.Buchananhas been in public life, as representative in Con- gress, Senator, minister to foreign courte, Sec-journ from April 20 to May M WEBproposed,but objected to and laid aside. Several re-solutions having reference to the •uppresaionof the African atare trade were introducedby Senator Wilson. The bill providing for retary of State, and President; and for all thisthe payment of the claims of Florida ) time he has seen, as has every other man whowa* discussed. An executire session waa has watched the course of our national history, should be seat to Spain; and if she will not, we their chief, instead o f arraying itself o n the palatable to the fossil joonialist Now we held, and a motion made to reconsider the rote how defenceless are our citizens, and how im-potent is our government, under its presentsiderable discussion ensued, but the Senate ad- system, to defend them in their just rights in will now depend whether Houston shall be age, but are smouldering into ruin, like the oldor passage of the Mexican treaty by the Senate ism, which have survived from a barbarous- journed without taking the question. The rote foreign ports and lands. So palpable has thi* urged by the popular voice to carry bis pro-willinallprobabilitybereconsidered,anditUnot ivy mantled castleswhichownedtheswayofJlivenewspaperofto-daymustamnavyi WALLACE'S THRATRR, BroaAwar, -Roaurca or A FOOB unlikely that the treaty will yet be ratified. We fact become, that not seldom have American tectorate at ence into Mexico, and return to oc- the barons. It is only by adhering to the for- progress of the age, and to wstM any are**LA0*A ._ _ THRATRR, EM Brttdw*r.-V.ur!TT publish the treaty complete in our columns ships in foreign ports, and American citizens cupy the Presidential chair at Washington, or tunes of the French Emperor that the Church power it most be a little ahead, aid be ableF A U S . this morning. In the House the Military Academy abroad, taken refuge under our community whether we will secure the pacification of that can emerge from its present abject position sometimes to answer the all-important question.Appropriation bill, with the amendment pro- of language with England, and sought that republic and the safety of our citizens there sod gala a new lease of power. It wss inwhat next? ^A Rapabllran Speech In Favror of SJta- aolvlng the Inlsa.Last evening Wendell Phillips, jthw Cory,V«W BOWRRT THRATRR Rowery.-Lorii YiXOU- viding for a mounted regiment of volunteers for protection which our government would not AMOaS-DtBOCXCSa.by pacific and legitimate means. this way that it rose to greatness a thousand The Annexation of Savoy—The Destiny yearsago. UndertheauspicesoftheEmperor of the French Empire. Charlemagne,andcircumstancessimilartothe By reference t o t h e debates in the British present, it attained a pitch of grandeur whichthe defence of the frontier of Texas, was referredBROADWAY ROUDOrB, 444 Rn»4««f.-Anerwym- tothe Committee onMilitaryAffairs. Abillau- Baniaa • » TXAM BIMIM B o a u w . or A VB*T POOSextend to them from English consuls and thement of volunteers for the suppression of hostilities tect the individual rights of our citizens be-ments that the lightning flashes over the coun-term of the New York University, the degree of try the fact that our navy has captured and terror at the commencement of the Italianwar.Last evening, at the commencement of the lawBachelor of Laws was conferred on twenty-four graduates,fifteenof whom were from this city.sent in as prizes thb two corsair shipsfittedup by Miramon at Havana, and sent from there to co-operate with his attack on Vera Cruz. With-The German princes became alarmed lest theirkingdoms and principalities should be annexed.Now the fear has extended even t o England,and it is suggested that the French Emperor than probable that Sam Houston will, before intendstomaketheAlpsandtheRhinehis long,crosstheRioGrandeatthebeadofsomeOn Thursday evening last, a meeting was held atthe difference In population being taken intoac- the Steuben House, to take st eps to oppose the out a port in the republic, a rebellious Gene-by the provincial representations, is t o be formed,Sundaylawmeasurewhichpassedbothhousesof ralintheinteriorofthecountrysendsafewthe Legislature, and now awaits the confirmation •f the Governor's signature. At the meeting aboundary, a s t h e hand o f nature has made them, a n d that h e will annex the Rhenish provinces on the western bank of the river-thousands of stout fellows who have not for- gotten the Alamo, and the only reply is, after the Turkish manner of answering a question. What next?over the whole of the empire, all projects of laws has some hopes that the Governor will veto the the Gulf. Mexico has not had a national or aproceeding from the provincial representative as- bill. The Governor stated that be would like to merchant ship for years, nor, out of the canoesemblies,andanyother-objectssubmittedbythehavethequestionofSundayprohibitionsubmitted andbungoserviceofhershorelagoonsandhave to come to some determination in regard to it, so that his action will be looked forward to with considerable fateiest by the anti-Sunday prohi- bit ion party.potic, and no Spanish or foreign sailor can ship without a special permit from the pro- per officer, ever vigilant for his exces- sive fee, a set of adventurers can fit out,tend his democratic empire lar rights.founded on popu-The annexed table shows the temperature of theatmosphereinthiscityduringtheweekending twoarmedsteamers,whosecrewsmustneces- March17,therangeofthebarometerandther-sarilybeSpaniards,and"whoseonlystimulus'The man of destiny" desires to imperialize course the fight for the championship, through England. The sentiments of SewarJd, Fred the whole of Western and Central Europe, and which the redoubtable Mr. Sayers and the ado- Douglass and their section are more moderate toabolisheveryvestigeoffeudalism. This lescentsonofBeniciaaretosettle,atonceand andmorecongenialtoNewYorkState,and wasthepolicyoftheelderNapoleon,anditis forever,thedisputedquestionastotherelative whiletheblackapostle ispropagatinghis the mission of "the nephew of his uncle." merits of the British Lion and the Bird of Free- opinions in England, and raising the sinews Hencethefearsofthesurroundinggovern-ments. And this will be always so with Eu-rope while t h e Napoleon dynasty exists.France is its terror, as Rome was of old. Likemometer, the variation of wind currents, and the can be the hope of plunder of any honestitate of the weather at three periods during each lay, viz: at 9 A. M., and 3 and 9 o'clock P. M.—dom.Thereismoretalkaboutthegreatfightbe- ofwar.thewhiteprophetofthehigherlawisSaturday—Morcing clo'itlyovercast,nighteffetenationsinitsvicinity. Inthisrespectit is like our own republic, whose fate it is, if the Union lasts, t o extend the area of its civiliza- tion over the whole o f North America, or, like Russia, the other great Power of Europe, whose career of conquest and annexation in the east is identical with that of France in the west. Toswallow upthewholeofthis continent and its islands is the mani-the Southern States through t h e oberation of the constitution, b y getting possession of the government, filling the offices with republicans, especially in the Supreme Court of the United States, who would thus reverse the DrSd Scott decision, and liberate every slave unde^ habeas corpus—the decisions o f the Court td be sus- tainedbythewholepowerofthearmy,in-RKX4*K*.clear , afternoonsuderebtodecreaseTZS^Stl. V"" 0COforthesameperiodm1849,2,345000in18&8, butthetenorofthatreplycaneasilybe year.,butitwa.beOieved^T^^^0"and2,528,000la1857.TheexportshaveraacheddrawnfromtheantecedentsoftherebelFrance,thetendencyoftheironwardmarch.l a n e increase as new ««u- ^o^ddshow aaargwincrease,asnewcfotfmtmpaamwer*abont to 2.4*O.«O0,against1,768,000m1859,1,320,000in1858,andEachofthesegreatnationshasa civilizationlaid for'eaderwithwhomheconferred. Endotherappliancesforgettingoutore. ^a,IM» 000 bales, against 895.OC0 in I860, 500,000 in 1568, ana has driven every Americancitizen from thecommence operation*, with Jsa»rond a j j T * 1,467,000 in 18*7. The stock on hand amounted to 1,036,-Themanthat610,000 in 1857. The Sour market exhibited rather more 37thofJanuary,andfromBioJaneirotothe8th •pirn,aidwithafahr inquiry therecity of Mexico, after plundering them in every shape;thathuntedourformerMinuterfromthe capital; that countenanced the assassinations of Duval at Tacubaya and Chase at Tepic, and re-Americans have their Bible and their Protestant religion, though without compulsion; the Rus- sians their Greek Church, and the Frenchthe grand ritual of theChurch of Rome.Like a young giant refreshed with wine,Francebucklesonitsarmortofulfilitsdestiny,sadrequest wHh iquitelimited,ttneed a very beneficial effect upon commercial %t w a s ^ v * .fair*. Moneywasplentiful,andtradeweerapidly •WtlmT"""'"**"> »** * * •*• andhonoredConsul,Mr.Black,Intoaaiding| reviving. Theelectionhadrespitedintootriumph 6S* a^i}17w^»*adofnewprimeat»450a8141^00l»Ma JI0j^*.»a«moreactive;salesofabout placebyadecreeofbanishment,andthathas oftheliberalparty,whowerefavorabletomate- tI Mboa*awenmade,ontermsfires takenevery occasion, publicorprivate,toundertheswayofitsEmperor, NapoleonIII.. beinthefall. Thegreatlocal question astorial progress in all defer.men*.. Brasil continued aouat lRKc. a Ue. t£ml 7 heW: a small.lot of RH show bis hatred of the American name—fromtheonlymanwho,sinceNapoleonI.,under- theexactmarketpriceofAldermenhasnot sectionIstopreventtheextensionofslarerystood the people o r cultivated their genius. into the Western Territories, merely becau»ebeen settled, nor has It been definitely ar- Theiraspirationsareforextendedempire,and rangedhowfaraCongressmanoranofficerher hostile preparations in the South, and ft wee notimprobableteatParaguay,Uruguayandthew>l«^,byaaw4rpatehfro«»*wOrioanfl,tha;suchftmanCaptainTomercouldnotobtain Oejtsn, Haiuesiw, mA u*oftP -*?!*» •** Including any very satisfactory guarantee for the livesthey do not like to see negroes mingling with their ruler has the sagacity to see that the most of the House can disgrace the country white meo. But though arpreeent they do nothundred thousand dollars to Havana, and theresubordinate officers of the most corrupt andbigotted court in Europe, in utter violation ofthe comity of nations, wink at thefittingout No doubt this andmuch more is true, to a cer-not exist without that protection. But this Utopian visionary, who quotes Bacon. Bentbam and Carljle. but never consults- common sense, forgets to propose any substitute for the Union,moderate. Perk warded their murderers; that drove our oldmand property of our countrymen, and on re-turning to bis ship the gallant navy took the I dependent nationalities, a n d champion t h eThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069propose to Interfere with slavery in the South- ern States, they will soon be where Seward \$UntitledDocumenteffectual mesas to thjft end is to advocate in-without being kicked out of its legislative balls. There is some interest, too, in the fightnived at the iniquity, an energetic remonstrance it would identify itself with the people andshould, abate the nuisance. On the rejection side of legitimacy sod the remnants o f feudal-in New Mexico was similarly referred. The re- come, that everywhere, at least among the Parliament, which w e publish to-day, among it never knew before, but which it might realise pheus e f the Garrisonian republicans, deli-BBTARTW aTIRRTRRIR. MaceaaW RAB. 47J Rraedvay.- commendation of the Committee on Elections, minor and irresponsible officials abroad, the our European news received by the Fulton, it once again if it only adapted itself to altered vered another campaign speech in the neigh-, OAJICBS, SO.—CHAW ROAM B u r .MTRUriRAlvaOR,Bfeaaway.-Oao. OnoTTl afar- I U U Ol 80X01. DJJKM, * C - T « TOOOU*."ATTOBAL COBCKBT 8ALOOK, National Tkeatre.- Rvtxatftraft, Ac.allowing Messrs. Sickles and Williamson sixty sentiment of the negro ruler at Hayti, that will be seen that the Savoy question continues times, instead of continuing the fossil of a dis- boring City of Oiurehes. A full report *M bs dsystotaketestimonyinsupportoftheiral- toagitateandalarmtheEnglisholigarchy.If tantsgeandadecayedcivilization. foundinourcolumnsto-day.ItistrueitWis legations, waa debated till the adjournment Americans were nothing but a nation of shop- neither Sardinia nor Savoy—the only parties Meantime Napoleon will go on with or with- announced by advertisement in the newspaper!We have space for but a brief reference to the keepers, has come to be the ruling impression. directly concerned—have any objection, w e out the alliance of the Church, and France will and by placard that it would be a lecture;, but proceedings of the Legislature yesterday. In the This fact has for years vexed every member of cannot see what right any other parties have go with him, no matter what churchmen may it is evidently a stump speech in favor of theOWDEAOOBX HALL, 406 Qnai ttML-Hirti Mm Senate bills were introduced relative to city rail- Congress with petitions from constituents for to interfere. The annexation is not unjust to republican candidate, like the lectures of C**- n u n i s sosaa, DAHCIS, B o a n n i r u , AC.—DUXIS'S LAKD. roads in New York, to the organization of Courts, redress. It has harassed every one of our say or do. By the alternate use of diplomacyto amend the Registry law,andto amendthe foreignMinistersandConsuls; ithas piled up Sardinia; itisforthe benefit ofSavoy, which andarmsandpublicopinion,themodernCaesar sius M.Clay, Abram Lincoln, TomCorwiaPlank Road law. Some local bills were pass- the State Department with complaints and would be saved from becoming the future bat- hopes to extend his conquests over half the and Joshua R. Giddmgt. These men have TRIPLE SHEET. ed. The bill relative to unclaimed saving* claims, and has loaded our diplomatic corres- tle field o f Europe, besides the advantage o f continent of Europe, from the Pyrennees to the been content with one oration; b u t not s oSfe"/ York,Wedaeadajr,Marchftl,I860*T h e H e w s *The news of the capture of the Spanish-Mexi-bankdepositswasdiscussedandfinallylost pondencewitheverycourt,withdiplomatic beingconsolidatedwithapowerfulempiread- PillarsofHercules,fromthemaritimeAlpsto Phillips,whohasawonderfulhankeringafter by 13 to 14. The resolution designating remonstrances which remain unheeded, be- joining her territory. Sardinia has already re- the North Sea, and from the Rhine to New York and Brooklyn, where he has now Tuesday, April 3, for the election of Superintendent cause it is everywhere known that our govern- ceived far more than an equivalent b y the ces- the Danube, making the Mediterranean a made some three or four stump speeches, each- of Public Instruction was adopted. In the Assem- ment has no power to proceed further than the sion o f Lombardy, conquered b y French arms, French lake, while he yields to Russia more violent than that which preceded it. H e bly vat ions bills were passed; among them one and b y feeing Austria, her foe, who weuld have regards New England as safe, and l i s game iscanwarsteamersHiramonandMarques,by topreventfraudsinthesaleofpassengertickets, writingofadespatchinpursuitofindividualswallowedherup,drivenbehindtheMineio, theascendencyin theBaltic andthe tomakeanimpressiononthisState.Itisthe the United Statea Half Squadron, created great two relative to the preservation of fish, those justice for our citizens, and that Congress will powerless and crippled. Besides, Savoy is no Black Sea. Such is the programme of programme of the republican leaders to ope-sensationthroughout thecityyesterday. Offi- inreferencetotowninsurancecompanies,andto notlistentoindividualcomplaints.cial accounts of the affair hare reached us encourage the breed of domestic animals. Thefrom Washington, which w e publish in another bill authorizing the payment of interest on canal Mr. Buchanan has had abundant occasion, inpartofItaly,andisseparatedfromPiedmont NapoleonIII. Howfarhemaybeabletocar- rate,notinthedecidedlyrepublicanStates,column. Thebattle took place offAntonLi- drafts past due was recommitted to a select everypublicstationthat he hasoccupied, to graphically,to France,ofwhich it formed a zdrdo^n the evening of the 6th inst, and the committee to add certificates and awards. The see the scorn in which the name of department under the former French empire.thoyh he is bold and brave, he is cautious and wise, and the prowess of the warrior will be made subservient to the profound views ofengagement is said to have been quite spirited.The Imerisan loss was but three wounded, one republican members of the Senate and Assembly American is held from this state ofWhen the First Napoleon fell, the object o f the statesman. But that France under the Na-mortally, while the Mexican loss was fifteen killed held a joint caucus last night to consider what mea- things, and to see, also, and perhaps to feel,and between twenty and thirty woanded. In view sures might be advisable to put through the Legis- the blush of shame which it has so frequently the treaty of Vienna was to establish fortresses tend her dominion, or be crushed by combina-Austria in having Savoy ceded to Sardinia b y poleon dynasty is destined to advance and ex-of the unsettled state of affairs at Vera Cruz, it lature. A considerable debate was had on the brought to the American cheek. And thou- on the western side of the Alps, b y means of tion, is as certain as that the old Roman empire The speech of last evening was a pleaformaybeinterestingtoknowournaval strengthin questionoftolling railroads, andmuchoppositionthatquarter. TheGulfSquadron,which,itshould manifestedtotheTollbillaspassedbytheAssem- be borne in mind, is but a section of the Home bly- It is understood that a majority of the repub-Squadron,iscomposedofthefollowingvessels:— licanSenatorsareopposedtothatbill,andalsotov<t*di. lonnmge.GuruMmtheProRatabul. ReamerRoanaAe,CaptGardiner..8,400 40 400 TheConnecticutdemocracyappeartobeatlastsandsofothers harehad occasion toseeand whichanarmyfromtheItalian sidecouldin- proceededfromconquesttoconquest,andswal- the dissolution of the Union. This is thenaturaltendencyof alltherepublicanmove- to feel it, too. Animated by the sentiment vade France, while France would be prevented lowed up its neighbors, and grew into such ments and o f the principles o f the party, butwhichthefactmustcreateineveryAmerican frommakingadescentonItaly. ButasthegiantproportionsthatitfellatlastbyitsownitisonlythesectionofittowhichMr.PhillipsSteamer Brooklyn, CApAFarrafu...2,000.22 3C0 22 800 20 25019 260waking up to the importance of their approaching Stateelection. Lastnighttherewasanenthusi- astic masa meeting at Norwalk, at which Mayor Wood, Dr. Bradford and Conrad Swackhamer, oftoinduceCongressto removethis stain from our national honor, by empowering the execu- tivewiththatauthoritywhich should belong to the office for the protection of our individual citizens abroad. Congress has persistentlySardiniahasnodesiretoinvadeFrancenorto see it invaded by Austria, she cannot object to cedeSavoytoFranceassemecompensationfor the blood and treasure expended in her cause. The tories of England, who sympathize with the Hapsburgs and despotism, grudge this small piece o f territory t o France, though annexa- tion h a s been ever t h e result o f British con-'What** the Hew* I Sincejournalismhas becomesomethinglikeSioopSavannah,Oapt.Jarvis SloopSaratofa, Com. Turner Sloop Preble', Com. Jenkins1,700 1,100 100what it ought to be, the news market, foreignand domestic, has never been more active thanit is at this moment, Almost every day we areable to lay before our readers a budget of in- or rather continually leads the way, and finds telligence of the greatest importance. Indeed, the others a t i t s heels. T h e moat moderate so accustomed has the public become to look section of the republican party is now where9,100 "m 1JM this city, and Mr. Olmstead, of Hartford, made neglected to act, or even to discuss the subject efficiency, and our interests may be safely left in dresses in this morning's HERALD.TotalAll the above vessels are in the highest state of stirring speeches. We give reports of their ad- The President, then, in view of the vast inte-Mr. Wendell Phillips delivered a lecture at the rests which are continually imperilled in theirtheir custody. Brooklyn Athensum last evening, before a large transit through and intercourse with the quest in India and elsewhere, and the islandThe Pulton arrived at this port yesterday from and enthusiastic audience, on the subject of the Isthmus countries south of us, endeavored to of Malta has been retained by England underHavre and Southampton, with European advices to dissolution of the Union. A general row was anti- secure this protection by treaty stipulation. precisely the same circumstances as those un- ceased to be shocked or surprised at anything. soon be where the extreme section stands now.the7thinst,twodayslaterthantheaccountspre- cipated,andalargeforceofpolicewasonhandto WithNicaraguaandMexicohesucceeded,and derwhichNapoleonnowclaimsSavoy. Itis Anearthquake,awar,agreatbattle,asteam- Theextremesection,andtheoriginalone,viously received. The news is interesting.The question of the annexation of Savoy to France occupied the attention of the British Par-quellit;buthappilyitdidnotcomeoff.Thelec-thetreatieswerelaidbeforetheSenatefor necessarytoFranceforthedefenceofherboatexplosion,aterrificconflagration,amoney whichisnowinexistencethirtyyears,is turer was introduced to the audience by Mr. Theo- ratification. Here, then, rises up the unpatri- eastern frontier; and, at the commencement of panic, a budget of murders, elopements and known as the Garrisonian; and tbe leader—theliamentandpress. ThediscussionintheHouseof dore Tilton, whomade a brief explanatory oticandselfishspirit efpartisanship,andthe the Italian war,before thequestionwascrimes or misdemeanors satisfy the hunger of facile princeps—ls Wendell Phillip*, w h o Commonsonthis subject, a report ofwhichwe speech. There were very few prominent blackrepublican Senators band together on }broached atall,we suggested theprobability thenews-craversonlyforthemoment,andthey brings brilliant eloquence and the eru- publish,showsthatitislikelytobe madea party gentlemen on the platform, the lecturer purelypartygrounds,and,rejectingthetreaty of thecessionofSavoytoFrance inexchange allcryout,whatnext? Tellus,theycry.what dition andpolished style of theiclassicalquestionbytheEnglishpoliticians. havingscarceanybodybesidesMr.Tiltontosup- withNicaragua,evenafter havingspecially forSardinia'sacquisitionofItalianterritoryby isgoing^tohappentomorrow,ornextweek, -cholartotheaidofpoliticalfanaticism.0HeNo fresh documents relative to public affairs had port him.- He was occasionally interrupted bystricken out the clause authorizing the protec- tion of our own citizens, threatened the pending one with Mexico with the same rate, because it admits and establishes the ^same principles.the aid o f French arms.But it is just because it is advantageous toor next month. Tell the Wall street man that execrates the constitution, and considers it a the Bank of England has advanced the rates of covenant with death and an agreement with discount, or that consols have gone down five hell. H e advises " the tearing up of the parch- per cent, or that the Bourse has had a tumble, ment." and the dissolution o f the Union. H e and he says, "Well, what next?" Inform the says that Washington and Jefferson; and therestwhomadetbeUnionandtheconstitution, were good men and abolitionists, bu*, did not seetheeffectoftheinstrument theydrewup; consequently they must have been fools. A n d , then, does it not sound rather strarjge to.call these two great men abolitionists, who were slaveholders tothedayoftheirdeath"He draws a horrible picture o f slavery—a picture whichhasnoexistencebutinhisownmorbid imagination—and yet he calls thoee men good wboengrafteditintotheconstitutionlandheld slaves themselves while they lived. H i s mode ofgettingridofslavery i?byabolishingthe Union which protects it: for be says it couldpalates. The sentiments o f John Brown, Phillips and The most interesting event of the day is of their section are suited to the region of Newhisses, bnt on the whole his remarks were very avorably received.been promulgated by the French government Itis stated that a s soon a s the principles of the an-nexation of Savoy to France shall have been set-tled, the Great Powers will be invited to a Confe-rence to examine the reasons brought forward by Almshouse Governors, shows the number now un- But the republ cans now see the mistake they Franceinfavoroftheproject dertheircaretobeS.048,adecreaseof151forthe made,and,accordingtoourtelegraphde-From Austria we have reports of important go- past week. The number admitted during that time spatch of last night, have Mad the NicaraguaFrance that the English tories, who hate andfear her, are opposed t o the annexation. N o ris t h e feeling confined t o Great Britain.TheannouncementofNapoleon'sintentionto annex Savoy t o t h e French empire has seized Savoy, and thinks of giving the PopeThe weekly return of statistics of the public charitable institutions of the city, made to theby the Alps. It belongs, naturally and geo- ry it out will depend on circumstances; for,but in the Middle and doubtful coamutitie*; henceNewYorkisselectedasoneofthebattle fields of the campaign, and Phillips and the rest are continually hovering about this city and Brooklyn utteriog their hoarse and ond" nous notes, like'so many ravens.bosom,thePresidenthasforyearsendeavoredtreatyofViennaisnowwastepaper,andasweightbelongsthatavowsthatpurpose.Thepartyis divided into three sections, all having the abolition ofslavery astheirgrandandcom- mon object, but each seeking it by a different means. The extreme section is willing to ac- company t h e most moderate as far as it goes,for its diurnal astonisher, that it has almost the extreme section formerly stood, and it wfllgeneralreaderthattheFrenchEmperorhastain extent.the Rhine the. boundary of France, even to the very natural one. Stirring and interesting asocean, taking in Rhenish Prussia, Belgium, and the daily news undoubtedly is. that which ispartofHolland. Buthewillnotdosoattheyettocomewillovershadowit. Therewillbe ortotellushow,whendisunited,theStates riskofageneralwarandtheperilofhisnolackofmentalfoodatthebreakfasttable willbesavedfromawarofmutualdestruction. dynasty. H e will bide his time, and avail for some time to come. There will be some- or from becoming one by one the prey of the himselfofopportunitiesastheyarise,toex- thingforeverytaste—dishesspicedtosuitall greatTowersofEurope.traderthatmightattempttobreaktheirself-authorized and self established blockade. Thecourse of the authorities of Cuba in this matteris on a par with their old time winkings at theoutfitting pirates of the Gulf, which made the the Roman empire, France, from its central po- the business affairs of the Holy Father. Then should be maintained; for, if dissolved,|the freeshores of Cuba a terror to every sailor, and its ports the paradise of pirates, until our own gallant little navy broke up their haunts and burnt their cruisers on the sea and their cabins on the land.The immediate influences which have led to the capture of the Mexican corsairs may be found in the patriotic efforts of Mr. Buchanan to secure respect for our flag and safety for our citizens, and the antecedents of Miramon. Animated by the example of the President, the gallant officers of our navy have seen that their efforts for the security of our citizens and our ships would not be censured by a timid policy at Washington. When Miramon advanced on VeraCruz,CaptainTurnerwenttohishead- quarters at Medellin to ask if the lives and property of American citizens would be re- spected. Itisnotknownwhatreplyhereceived,States would have no more influence over the slave States than they would have over Cuba; whereas, if the Union were upheld, and) the re- publicans gained t h e ascendency, t h e Unionfest destiny of the United States. T o price of Souchong. The filibusters look withPhillips calls Seward the ablest stetesmanof the age, the representative man, and yet cen- sureshimbecausehedoesnotgofarenough. Thecensureismeregammon,torthesectionof PhillipsandGarrisonwill allvoteforSeward.The third section of the republican party are the free soilers, who chiefly belong; t o t h e Western States, andhaveaholyhorrorof negroes, and do not ^hink them; at aH equal to Anglo-Saxons, while the New Hag- land republicans think them rather bet- ter than white men,sod theSeward section fully equal. Theidea ofthis thirddivide a l i Europe between £them, and meetlonging eyes towards Cuba and Nicaragua, andinthecentre,isthepolicyofRussiaand thepoliticiansspeculateastotheeffectofthe Mexican troubles upon theand a distinctive religion of its own. The Charleston. They fear that things may worktween Heenan and Sayers than there was aboutthe taking of the Malakoff. Next to that comesthe Savoy question, and the final decision as to does not support slavery, and that the Unionsition, its warlike character and its high civili-zation, i s destined t o absorb t h e contiguousDations, or to fall beneath their allied arms. Itmust either go on, step b y step, adding to itsterritory and extending its civilization, or itmust be wiped out. It cannot stand still. Ithas too much vigor and energy and vitality the awful question of bonnets—whether struction of slavery, root and branch-'- Mr. to vegetate and rot by slow degrees, like the they are to be of the thorough coal-scuttle Seward's idea is to abolish slavery inthere is some natural curiosity as to who will- be the next President of the United States, and what will be the next news from Charleston and Chicago.EnglishexpeditionagainstChina,andwonder-ing whether it will have any effect upon the creased to a force which would strike terror.wiresin Texas so as to make Sam Houston the man before all other men for Charleston. Then all thegoldhuntersareanxioustoascertainabout the new mines lately discovered in Utah, and everybody wonders what will finally become of the Mormons. The merchants are quite easyaboutthespringtrade,butwonderwhatitwillinstilling his ideas at Washington. The doc- trine of this section is: that the constitution twith awww.fultonhistory.com 