 .and the Douglas or "Popular Sovereignty" Demo- crats,werenevermoreforciblyandfullycanvassed thaninthecourseofthesediscussions. ThewholeCarolina. , tu» Mr. BRANCH proceeded—I have thus * J J ° W B J J twoplansproposedtogetridoftheevil. Thetmr«planisthatproposedbymyamendmenttoanu"»**^, disapprove of the acts passed already by Utah, **"*£. inypolygamvlegal,andtocoiitrolitsfutureleg!ThnVice-Preeidenc,theSpeakeroftheHouse,thewhole of the Diplomatic Corps, the Members of the lationby taking into our own bauds the appomtow»»noof the law-making power. This i« . rniwiI . ,i ^BOYS'SILVER WATCHES,For Sale by GKO. C. ALLKN, No. 416 BROADWAT, Onedoorbe;owCanalat. Foimerlv No. 11 'W'all-st.FKIE-PROOIT SAFES.ii i iand mothers, w n h their feeble little ones,•RECETV£0 >?YGAS F I X T U R E S ForOA3 FlXTtTRBS I .'TOCORRESPONDENTS.whether we shall paas a general law rendering crimi- nal this practice mall the Territories of tbe Union brings up a different class of considerations altogether. IwillsuggesttomyfriendsonthoDemocratic tide of the^iouee, Sir, that if we can render polygamy criminal, then we canalsorendercriminalthatother twinrelicofbarbarism—Slavery,asitiscalledinthethe most discouraging accounts of the prospect of Black Republican platform of 1S56. I therefore cannot vote for any provision that shall make aJtomecG Notices.MOSTEXTRAORDINARYRESULTSIN THF. CUKK OP CoNacMrTtow.whethtr in ADTANCRD or the JNCIPIKNT 8ttg» of the disease, to and Slaveiy, and fcbat sooner or later the Slav© «' us get some whisky." A seeoe of lawless riot thefollowiuRextraotf.om a letter, aJa«w»ed to TM*J*m*>'cianofg/eatexperierc-. andexUmsivo pracfee ...Chesteroo StatesmustbecomeFreeStateR,ortheFreeStates &ndviolenceofthemostrevoltingcharacterimme-THELATEST : ' ...pKK^O>S WISHING CLOTHING Will do well t o Call mad•Mmh»«01.*ofth«)ate»tSwin*andSummer style* oftheSENATE WASHINGTON,March28l£#tThe joint resolution making Macon, OA., a port of entry was passed.Mr. KING (Rep , N. T ) presented ;he memorial of citizens of Genesee, N. Y., in favor of the piasage of thellouhOHonaeeteRdbill.BOUGHTAFTEREAGERLY,BOUGHTCHEER-treatment. Adetailedaccountofeachcasewouldbeveryinter-bis late speech a t Hartford; expressly gives his as- sent to Mr. Seward's doctriue o f a n irrepressible conflict,butbea&ystheconflictisoneofidea3andthe patronage of the Messrs. Spragues, which they have had for some years h a s been withdrawn for thereason,openlyavowed,thattheheadofthefirm was opposed to Mr. Sprague's election. These facts show the means relied upon to obtain votesmittee, reported a biil to provide pensions for the wid- ows and orphans of officers, and soldiers of the army of theUnitedStates.ReferredtotheComxaitteeoaPul- sions.PRIV A TE HOCSKS, S T O R E S , .ANDHOTELS.We invite ait who are in^waat of Chandeliers, Brackets,Sic.,Jcc., to i n iu>p- cuor. of our Spring asiortment of new styles, em- bracing a largerVARIETYthsn can be found in any other establishment in New-York.A let o t Second-baud Or.% Kixtures for sale, a t a great bargain. [ W . J. b. 1>AILKY it Co.,Dealers in China, olass, Uas Fixtures, and Silver-Plated Ware,DispatchesfrernPostmaster-General Holt giveNo. 631 Broadway.PHALON <fc SON'S COCIN, or DEODORIZED Semi-Weekly, and Weekly Editions.thesuffrages oftheRepublicans ofthecity,we recognize the names of honest, capable, and respon- sible men, who, if elected, will do their whole dutysummoned in Frorida last week.THE PACIFIC RAILROAD.the Territories of the Union, a'nd I feel the less hesi- tation in pursuing this course, because we are not without a remedy against polygamy, whichiscom- plete and more efficient than would be a law of Con- gressdeclaringitcriminal. TherearemodesbyCOCOAMT OIL, is the best and cheapest article tor the hair. T r y it.EverytooyusesIt.Pri^e,25c*nt«perbotiie.Soldbyall X>rDggi»tilitheUmtediiiate*audC&nacas.No.619Broadway,WILDER'S P A TENTSALAMANDER SAFES. QIIRX BROTHERS,Adiabolicalattemptwasmadetofireatenement house in Ninth avenue yesterday morning, between ]and2o'clock,whichwasfortunately discoveredpassedonthe,16thoi"September;andattachedto w"fhconscientiousfidelity.Nottheleastconsider-The Special Committee on the Pacific Railroadsubstantiallydecidedto-daythattheywouldfixthe whichwecanreachthispractice—apracticewellde-.Ho.anMaiden-Lsae,N.Y. intimetopreventaconflagration. Al»o, tan «ecood-hdud Safe* ron «ALXLOW." Consented to. Jer. Powell, Wm. Sever.B. Greenlesf, OALKH CUSHING,R. Cuadbourno, John Whetcomb, Eldad Taylor,S. Holten, Jabez Fisher,B. White, Moses Gill, Daniel Hopkius, Benj. Austin, Wm. Phillips, D. Sewell."Taylor, which proposed to leave that question open tation on their part. M r. Thomas W . Field, to be determined by capital and enterprise. TheySTARR'SChemlo*ily PreparedOLCKFor Family Use; 25 cents per bottle, with Brush. i>i>u SALE EVRUYWHERE.Manufactured and for Sale, by STARR GLVZ CO.,No. 51Liberty-st.SPALDING'S PREPARED GLUE.USBFUl, IN EVERY HOCgK.FOR SALE EVKRYWUF.R3.>i£a_«;ac4i.red by H . C. SPALDING it Co., No. 48 Cedars*.Post-Ofbc* address. Box No 8<iW.P ARKER BROS. LONDON CLUB SAUCE isjust thearticle loDg needed by the public, to taXe the place o f the many inferior aauces whicn have enjoyed a monopoly and been sold atis awell-knownhorticulturist,thebeatintheworld; theonlybormlessandreliableDyeknown supply at the Factory, nsxnov^d to No. 16 Bond-sLBARRY'S TRICOPHEROUSis the be«t mad cheapest article for Dressing1, Beautifying, Cleansing, Curling, PreferringandRestoring theILilr.Sssrfle*,tryit. Voxsaleby DruggistsandPerfamexa>of habeas corpus has been served on th e Marshal returnabletoaStateCourtthismorning.Charles O'Conor of this city has again and again so boldly proclaimed.one cent, which the Senate subsequently accepted, chant,andbrothertotheSenatorfrom Kings thusinsuringonesmallbutusefulreform.v t i y^_. Comprisinj; in part,French and Chine** F«*. Hair Nets, and headdresses, Fancyasserting and enforcing the authority of Congress Slavery are made, have the strongest pecuniary, as procured the publication of the oral discussions and definite character, amount to upward of $8,174,-over the Territories in relation t o the subject. F o r 000; making, with the above total, nearly $53,310,000 well as moral, interest in the spread of free ideas between Messrs. LINCOLN and DOUGLAS while for the service of the next fiscal year. The largestbUde-, Porb, Dress Buttons, Garters. Watch *****£"' 8 t*«1 *»d GUt J»w brr.Mr. TAYLOR (Dem.), La.—As a member ofw« if Congress can limit the number of wives a man and institutions. A nd it can hardly be possible rival candidates for the United States Senate from reduction by the -Committee was $640,000 from'the Judiciary Committee. 1 wish the indulgence OjLJglBrush*., Pen-holders,Acs^otdAOum&i*vthat they will yield to arguments so foreign to allIllinois in 1858, as reported at the time in theArmy estimates.mittee on the Judiciary, I was confined to my,00tt.^ t t i r e o f , l l i e b i l l . I t h i n k w e - h . a . , v . . . e . - n , o , « p / o v wi v « e r r t t o o p p wa s » s »w h i c h t h e y o f f e r t o t h e T r a d e a t t _ » i « L — • - * . * tW¥t0Brkt ricJ on tbenu«rt favorable t e r m T ° * * * P *' " ^l a r s o v e r e i g n t y " i n t h e T e r r i t o r i e s i s a d e l u s i o n andaSDareinregardtopolygamy*,whynotinrela- tion to Slavery also? This natural Democratic iqueamishness received a delicate and discriminat-ing expression from the lips of the Hon. Laurence O'BrienBranchofNorthCarolina,whowaswilling toprohibitpolygamy,butcouldnotbranditasas t r u c t i v e t o ' t h e p r o s p e r i t y o i * t h e S t a t e i n i t s i n - dustrialpursuits.THUBThe canvass in Rhode Island is most animatedi n O h i o b y M r . L i n c o l n d u r i n g t h e c a n v a s s o f 1 8 5 9 .Probablythepowersandduties ofCongress withrespect to Slavery- in the Tenitories, and the gen- loanB, notes, securities, and real estate, is stated atWIKDOW SHADES,Mauufactored byPRISON LABOR.We soil to th« Jobbing Trade onlyThe attention o f huge buyers solicited.A BARRIOXLO lc Co.,No.a$Murray.st.criminal law to apply within the Territory of U**% ^ anyorganizedTerritoryoftheUnitedStates. I»m*•INVALIDS,TAKE NOTICE,—Abook 'of^o^rim yag^glvmgsuch-Information a.wfUleadtoare^oradonVfandactive. Whether,asinthecaseofConnecti- cut, the Democratic party and their new allies re-h*+lth, m a y b e obtained free o y lnclosinir two oo^^JI .Uuu ~BWDCEWATEXPAJNT.—METALLICCOATINGOPSILICA, for Roofs. Outside Work, Bailxoad Bridges, DeDou- 4tc. Contracts for Painting received at Depot, ANo.Tl Maiden3*"*- HICK* ic BMTTC, Agents. RHBUMATfSld a n d NEURALGIA.J. JL BrArrojut't OLJVE TAK,AND IKOS AND SCLPHCH ?OWDKR»At once relieve and finally eif^ct a cure of the«« truly painful disease*, b y a timely application of the Olive Tar to tbe parts atfected.andbyastrict aaherem.*tothedirecionscontainedin the Powders. The Powd^ri. utility and revitalize the olood, en- abongittoreceive and di.'Ju** through thesystemthevitality imparted by th» OUve Tar. Thus the disease yields to the be-nign itofliienceofthemedicine, andthepatient isrestoredto health Olive fmr, i(ic. por b"ttl«-; Powders, * I per p»ekage. Soid at Ko. *i& Broadway, n.d l»y ol! Drttgjjist*.VKOM THK Vt>X OTWINCHRSTKK'B GKNCIKK HYpopHOBrniTBB, ?;Mr. Seward has been criticised and eeaeuwd for saying, in'kie Rochester spt-ecb, th»t an imi-prflBsi-even the eeats of tbo car?, and, on reaching Woon- aoejket, on being called upon to give thrreo cheers•>!MAGNETIC TELfe fiRAPIlFrom Washisagttf^iisSpecial Dlnpatch to The N. Y . Tribune.W ASHINGTON, Wednesday, March 2%, I860. •„ T H E VERA CRUZ AFF AIR.m.i.v.—r*ar»imonion»people*l»ooIdnotvi»1tKNOX'S,floraning!o estingandinstinctive. ThisIamunabletogiveinbutveryfew cotofinterests. ItissomethingnewtofindMr. CAMERON (Rep., Pa.) presented a petition ;&iauce> at hi* now Spiiug Style U »ore to make them haul out «M —«uch 5* it* attractive and not-to-bf-reolated qnalitiea. A ll other*, hcwevtr, ought to drop in-iti»atNo 212 Broadway— andmaketueir-mimetic?>. •cases.Thirty-six persons have obtained the medicine from me, twelvefrom citizens of Northumberland County Pa a«kn^ On motion of Mr. CHANDLER (Rep. Mich ) th«the Democratic party of a Free State taking ground infavorofthedesirablenessofSlaveryinitself.llWe have had plenty of talk about its being none price $ » 50, and It W_l bo found to excel in fiSc2?V"^6i";f CASKS OP PHTHISIS—inluble cough, copious explorations of a " of our business" how many slaves are.held byforthecorruptioncandidateandthusdefeatthe andtheUnitedStatesshipSavannah»inoonwith- will of the honest and reflecting portion of the out exhibiting their colors. The coliifei-jTi occurredJGentlemen are" nvited to call and examine aof which have been under my own care. Five of them were, in my opinion, and in tlie judgmant of other physicians, HOPRLKSSSt. Clair Fiats bill was made the special orderfor n«*t Tuesday week. O A SOn motion of Mr. BIGLEK (I)em , Pa.) the bill to amend the Patent laws was made the special order fnr Wednesdaynext.The bill to prohibit the issue of bank notes in the District of Columbia w a s made the special order for to day two weeks.Mr. SEWARD, (Rep., N. Y.), from the Committee on Poreign Relations, reported a bill for the relief of J. Hosmer Smith.The bill to increase and regulate the pay of officers n the Navy, was taken up, the question being on Mr.- Feesenden's substitute.Mr. MALLORY (Dem., Fla.)opposed it on theground that it did not dojeu-tice to the Lieutenants who were the poorest paid officers iu the service,Mo»__of k&CKTUXAX'tf i>KKsi« HAT'or the Spring of I8MJ,community.The Messrs. Sheldon, however, though sellingand eW.Ce, an^r Uai* for w>.ica *•» i.demandedIn BTMTMT' E s _ j . w * . P , ganofoetnr« of OenU' HaU.No-118 Naaaau-at,HousEJiOLO FUKNITURE SALES.Bx-ftT H.LKKDSk Co..(atoro Wo. 23 ft^VJlg; their per»on„ attention (a* »»"^) t o t h e »*le* o f Uoia-UOLD F i _ * « " « t a t thertaidewcw of por-ona removing o r declining feou»«ke«pi»* The} will aho have regular **le* daring the aea- »on at the>r Sore, /or the convenience of those who m ay ce.irethe South, provided we of the North retain our fcee •werefrom one.'«:kra yee-rs1 ttandino.' Ausculcationandper- institutions;plentyofsjpbistry andfalse historyafter midnight. The Secretary of the Navy sub-mitted these dispatches to the President to-day, andthi« medi ut ofaale.''" T H ECUKAFK8TandL.iKOXfT ENORAV:NU STSK Pui»u*nieofor *£>1.Lttall well'wwher* of theO w n i CAU»K.,Parents who dexiie t o p;on>oteand in them a11 symptoms or 'races of the direase have disap the reintroduction of Slavery into Connecticut.I piesnme I am as skeptical in medicines, or Specifics, as most away with Slavery, even in New-EGglaiia, certainly crowds another holocaust to cupidity. In the early sels charged to be pirates. This dtecrimination Mr. HAMMOND (Dem ' S. C.) advocated an in- creased pay to captains waiting orders. I t was unjcurtandTH_ Kxniriors Wjn.JfAO.itThe careful and honest re^dtr can place upon them no other construction. A large portion of the New-" realize a handsome profit on their purchase." ishment which followed. The design is to try Ma-zin a s the leader o f the expedition, and t o release length in defence of his dubstitate.ofTurn*. KAMix.i*a,Buy the Great PictureofCHKIST AND HIS Ayosrun*.SJc N D A T - S C H O O L L I B K A K v . TUB — A V T O KA1SK O N K .MOUJESLAIIGHTEKS. Mr. SIMMOrjS (Rep., R. I.) proponed an amend- most of.tke other 200 hundred prisoners as not ment farther increasing the pay of Lieutenants. Re-purulent character, night-sweats a n d emaciation. Theic caicscussion developed sounJs, which taken in connection with the other symptoms, gave evidence <:/' « condition from v,hich I haveabout Popular Sovereignty and the practice of the early fathers; plenty of ohjnatation against inter- meddling with what does not concern us; but now, for the first time, we have, in plain terms, Slavery defended and advocated as a good thing in itself.Mr. Cushing's recent speeches at New-Haven and Hartfoid are, in letter as well as in spirit, pleaa forgoodsugarandmolasses,arenotamongthosewho Mr.Hale'sresolutionofinquirywillbeimmediately make merchandise of their principles, and notwith- answered.- The conduct of Capt. Jarvis and Com.NKTi'.it, in teveuieen yearn7practice,KR BY A>T 07HKR TKKATMRMT. * * " Under the use o f t h e Hypephc sphiles all the bad st/wptcms ceased; they have gained FI.RMI, and STRENGTH, aud UKALTH—some of them BKTTKR THAN TKP.Y 1IAI> RNJOYKD KOK SKVKN YKARS PREVIOUSLY.The other cases under my care were i n th e incipient stagestanding the assertion o f one o f her leading Demo- cratic politicians that " money is the main element " i n Rhode Island politics," w e trust there a r e still enough o f true men t o save the State from the ignominy o f being bought u p b y a ''highly hos- " pitable and enterprising New-York house" " forTurner will be approved on th e ground that th e demand o f the latter upon t h e steamer Miramon to show her colors, which was made by throwing a shot acroas her bows, was answered by a discharge of musketry, when t h e Iodtanola hailed a n d a p proached immediately after, which is construed into an attack upon our vessels, and justifying t h e pun-jRepnblican National Convention. CHICAGO, May 16.remedy?BROOJKXXN C I T Y E J E C T I O N .The Republicans of Brooklyn have an opportu- nity, for the first time, of electing their candidates, atthecityelectiononTuesdaynext. TheDem- ocracy a r e depressed, disorganized, a n d split uppassageofthebjll making polygamy a penalof- disapprove and annul those laws. There isnoth-.Republican State Convention.SYRACUSE, April 18.ing m such an act violative of tbe rights ofNo notice can be taken of Anonymous Communicationsever is intended for insertion must b e authenticated by the nameandaddressof.thewriter—notnecessarilyforpublica- tion, but as a guaranty for his good faith.W e cannot undertake to return rejected Communication* BusinesslettersforTUBTRIBUNEshouldInallcosesbead-dressed to HORACR GREELEY it Co.M essrs, HARVEY BIRCH &. BROS, are A gents in READING, P a., for t h e sale o f T H E TRIBUNE.might be applied under such precedent to the other " twin relic of barbarism," described in the Re-publicanplatform.THE ILLNESS OFMRS. HOLT.G. W . JOHNSON is our Agent In.Bridgeton, N . J., for the sale of THE TRIBUNE, and will serve our friends with our DaUy,Thefrom the ring as a candidate for the Democratic nomination a t Charleston. Mr. Cobb is a philoso-road on the 41st parallel, starting from t w o points opposite the western borders of Missouri and Iowa, with two converging lines bearing westward, a n dtotheadjacentTerritories,orwecouldputUtahunder the general law for the government of the citizens of the unocjupied Territories of the Union. I objectto the latter course, because the a t h e Territories are brought before Congress for all their local rules an.d regulations,andhenceweonlybringuponusadditional troubleandconsumption oftime. Theothercoarse, of attaching them to adjacent Territories, is opea to grave and serious difficulties. There is no Territory lying adjacent to them which they can be attached to tl>at they would not be able by their superior numbers; to control and mold according to their own.views.Mr. CLARK (Dem., Mo.) said that the Committee on Territories now have that subject under considera- tion, and that they ..thought there were Territories around Utah of sufficient strength to control the politi- cal as well ae the morel action of thatJTerritory in theHon.pher,and takes time bythe forelock. followhisexample?HowellCobbh a sformallywithdrawnJudge Cadwallader of Philadelphia, yesterday, in the case of Horner, the fugitive Slave, remanded him t o his owner. This decision caused great e x -tendered his declination of the unsolicited honor; We do not mean to'pursue this latter-day Cush- but his friends insisted that he should stand, believ-SKKN A biNOi.R CASK KRCOVWhat-Who willOn the historical question, w e may safely appeal from Caleb Cushing, the partisan demagogue of 1860, toCaleb Cushing,thepatriot of 1776. By what cross did the early Revolutionary breed come to terminate in this modern Tory?KEW-YORK DAIL Y TRIBUNE, THURSDA Y , MARCH 2 9 ,I860.*reo»t JK*t*n»i'»<S New, .Ta*tr, and Fashionable Htock«ofR*Ai>Y- Penn. The voiu.tan- evidence of professional «ueo, such a . that must becomejSlavo States. But we osk-any intelli- diately commenced; and but a small portion'of they i V a t.ver oOrod, and "wtil b* *old lean than at any other estab-h«hn IT' In rhla city of Dr. Townaend, ought to convince the xno.t1M KC\.»XOH ROOM W*tockt'd with freah Gooda from Europe, extraordinary tf««^ of ,„y Preparation o/kc&**"****• gent and iioopitTfctal obsr-ryer \y$p h^s read the Dom• many ear-ior.ds reached the hall. The orator com- "»W>»f"C>mend i# n<-t aaxp*M*d a» to StjK Tante, or Cnttinjr. Fcnsismjio GOODS,Tut#tO'j~ «pJ«*ct«d twui m »-v«j j vnxiety paid to ftke CM'dr^n'* Popartnrnml.The original n-ay bo «en, with others of like character, from ocratic nowspnpers of Connecticut'for the past two menced with " What bri&gq this vast aasem- •erneofthebeat^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 1860. month?, or whohasheard th«ppeecfe^S which "bluge here?" when some *one promptlyParticular attention i* In all c»»ea where por^ono are not pleaaod, their money willThe dispatches of Capt. Jaivis do not matdiallyFRIRND J. WINCHKSTKR:-At the time of receiving your let- Detoccratic politicians have delivered in various rop.Vetf, " Rum and Sprague's free tickets." The differ from the published statements concerning ibQ in favor of a umform Bankrupt law.kw r?w!»*d.The Lsjjeat Siore in tbr oity.F . B. BALDWIN.No*. 10and T2 Bowery.ter requesting a Report of the o_-e« in which I had used the Hy- parte of that State, to say if the presentKaspi.'cfc of Providence, Journal of jesterday has a plain,Mr. DOOLITTLE (Rep., Wig.) presented a petition coDieionwith ani>capture of the Mexican steamers. Mi;. SLIDELL (Dem., La..), frr:rc tbo Committee onForeign Relations, a:a<le a favorable report on the They state that o n e American marine was killed petition of Isaac P . Morse f^r additional compensa-pophosphltM, I was very much engaged both Eight and day. * * Many of the personswho have taken the Hypophosphites have not been under my immediate care; but most of them I have had an opportunity of examining previous t o their commencing t h ethe canvass there is not a fulfillment of Mr. SbW- direct, and explicit statement of Messrs. W in. ard'sprediction. Iodeed, Mr.Caleb Cu.Rhing,in H. Sheldon '&. Co., to the effect thattion, and reported a bill for his relief. tMr. DAVIS (Dew.. Mi*?.}, from the Miiita*y Com-Tea red. Of those who were not under my care I have not hoardo; a sirsle patient whe did not express himself benefitted by thevse oftheRemedy; althoughinsomeofthemthediseasewastoo Havenspeechconsistsofalaboredattempttoshow far advanced to admit the p aability of recovery. that our Involutionary fathers never intended to doMr. FESSENDEN (Rep., M e.) replied at someexorbitant prices. Superior and cheaper to alt others la use, the citement, a n d a rescue was attempted. The car- see Slavery reestablished in Connecticut, and the he has labored since the terrible affliction which h e greet sale it is now enjoying i* the beat test of its merits andpopularity. Sold by all re»pt ctable grocers, and by A J . P A R - riage in which the fugitive was being conveyed t o other New-England States, wro point again t o the recently suffered.XXR, No. 15 Beekman-st. t/rison was demolished, when the police interferedBATCHELOR'S HAIR DYE,. WIGS, and TOUPEES, andarrestedtenmen—ninenegroesand ouewhite teachthedoctrineswhichtheSouthernphilosophers Mr.JohnC.Duryea, thecandidateforCommis-ire unrivaled. They are light, w y , durable, and fit to a dharm.Mo shrinking, nor turning up behind. BATCHELOR'S HAIR DYE, man, all of whom were conducted to jail. A writ are trying to inBtil into the people, and which Mr. sioner of Repairs and Supplies, is a hardware mer-The issue, then, for th e people of Connecticut, is substantially whether they willconsenttothe terday was a discussion of polygamy. It arcae on success of a party which sees no.objection, histori-County.Mr. John Williams, nominated for street Com-missioner, isa grocerofrespectability, who has servedacceptablyasAldermanandSupervisor.TotheAssociatedPress.WASHINGTON, Wednesday, March 28, 18b0. TheGeneralAppropriationbillmakesthefollowingAwalientfeatureinthedebatesofCongreesyes-provisions: ForPensions,$849,000;Military Acadenvy, $100,000; Indians, $1,907 000; Consular and Dip-lomatic expenses, *'-022.000; Fortifications, $605,000; the Mormons. W e cannot a/^ach thein to Califorfli&i Army,$13,984,000;LegislauV?;Executive,andJudic- because sheisa -State,andIshewouldrefuse,M*MDR. MARSH conamies to apply his RADICALCt-Kx TRUMMwith success, in ejecting permanent cure* of Her- a proposition reported from the Committeo on cal, traditionary, political, economical, moral, or All of these gentlemen are good men and true,TITHE QW%8t)roW FPf€'<C>IVIVEOTi'ClTI*. gotdrankontheway,andbrokethewindows,*andw?11beagaintakiysup<Pt'^eHVJ**oexj^[oVJar It is the Aaxc a* v. as iauo4uc$d four yea/s aV<>. ' ' 'firstinsI lowed tb / «onsin in tTerritori Ineedonlyoailfheattentionofail-Contumptiw*HFererf,bloconflictexistsin,thiscountrybetweenFreedomfortheircandidate,shouted,uD—nSpraguo;let T 3>eop!eo'W e ptopoae to aeil our beautiful Jinrrtvlng o f Christ and hia physicians; yet, from the experience I have h a d i n t h e u s e o f wot in the South; and another portion i& devoted t o morning a fire bursts o u t under the • stair-case of cannot b e sustained before a Court, b u t will b e to increase the pay of all other branches of the service,Aportloa to SufiOay-tfchool- at aOUCOum, ;.o <w to en-ii)ie, themto reeeil tttecu at the regular retail price; aud w a hava already Dr. J . F . CHOKOHIXI'S RBMEDY POR Trr>KRCi-Losis, I would a defense of Slavery-persr, and is substanti&Dy ah one of a row of four-story frame house?, crowded practically exercised by the District Attorney.and refuse it to captaim-. H e believed members of both Houses of Congress to be totally ignorant of the way of.increasing the pay,and thought it bettertofoimd thai, in a school of a few Acholar*, suiliotent c«v<ei have bee&;*old, from the profit* of which h«n been raias'i a .large library of book*.<^4« will Insnre r!x Picture*, poatajre free.la ottering tbia woikof art at # 1 w e <u» convinced that it is within the jeach of every >itni*ter of the Ooapel.aay t o all who have any tendency to tliat disease: TAKK I T ; AND full of sleeping families, a n d iu a few seconds all asseition that when they did aholihh Slavery theyTHR SOONRR THE BRTTER, before there is disorganization. * * * made a mistake. W e shall not make extended escape by the single narrow stairway is cut off.W . W . TOWNSKND, M . D .' T H E TELEGRAPH T O T H E PACIFIC.Twelve centa required to prepay. AddressIMVTON _ Co.,American and European Enjr.tving Warehouse, No. i!7 Park-row, New-Vork.WINCH KSTKR'S GKNTINK-HYPHOSPHVTKS, ACT with PKOMPT-NRSS and CRKTAINTY iu every stage of Consumption, and withinvariable efficacy in ail Derangements of the Nervous and Blood "Gent'emen, I aifirm as a historical fact that theHo. 1 S«wi_g-3flAchineTb* Family Se-wing-Machi—e, A . *fbe ?" aiuiiy Sewlng-Maenine Kw t. lax Gaugesby Mr. Haskin yesterday.can cou?d possibly have their color ameliorated, roasted, because the owner of the budding would-not to introduce additional testimony. As the case was was taken on Mr. Fessenden'a substitute, as auueuded,STEARNS _ MAKVI.T,No, 40 MURRAY-ST , N .newseciicu; PRICKS;In7undIG-ozbottles,SIand$2.Donotconfoundcountry,andtheykept,themIndians;t.heyfoundAf-ofhumanbeingsareburnedtodeathwithinasAnattemptwasmadeintheCommitteeonEx-Army. afterthetola8iNGK&'S ^EVV'ING-M/VCH1NES. tiojt jJewi_is-biachi»e.$100 90 15 . 60 4of a51 Preparations containing IRON, the use of which, in Con- sumption, i s pronounced highly dangerous a n d criminalhy emi- nent medical authority. Send for my n e w Circular which gives the ONLY KKLIABLK INFOKMATION in regard to Dr. Churchill's Treatment. Inquire for and u se only " WINCHESTER'S GKNC- INR PREPARATION," which may be had o f a ll respectable Drug- gists, and Wholesale and Retail ut the sole general Depot in the UnitedStatesby J.WINCHKSTER,NO.4?.John-st.,N.Y.In Boston, b y W'AT.TON tc. MASON, No. 96 Tiemontst., Whole- sale Agents for Massachusetts, New-Hampshire, aud Eaatern Vermont.FAIRBANKS STANDARD SCALES.MORE THAN ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTYDiypRRRNT SIZES AND STYLUS.Adapted to every branch o f business where a correct anc durable Scale isrequired* Call and examine, or eend for an illustrated circular.F AIRBANKS ic C o .,No. 189Broadway, New-York.HOLLOW AY'S PULLS.—In the whole category ofdiseases, COHSTITATION i s assigned by respectable medical sta-ricans."As there was no method short of aoixto processonly eight or ten feet from the scuttle, two mothers, surrounded by eight of their little ones are literallyInvestigation, after the report h a d been presentedgiving each army officer tbe eamo iucreaee a bad one, and hoped it would not be appl.c-d to the Navy.LM. S13T&-KitCo.,No.453Broadway,N.Y. No. 150 Fulton-at., Brooklyn.GROVER & BAKER'S NOISELESSFAMILY SHVINW-MACKINRS- THK BRST IN USX.No. 495 Braadway, New-York. No. 183 Fulton-«t., Brooklyn.SINGER'S SEWING-MACHINES.AH ENTIRR NR— STTLR.OO«1<II»c ice all rnonufacturing purpoaeo, noiseieas in its opera-ceeds, as he well may, holding such opinions of radical innovatois, to indulge in something like a sneer atthe head ofhisblood andname,Chief- Justice William Cashing, who pronounced the d e - cision by which Siavety was forbidden in Massa- chusetts. Weshallnotarguethishistorical ques- tion, but we must be permitted l o doubt whether Chief-Justice Cufihicg, of the year 1780, had not a s accurate knowledge of th e intentions of th e men of the Revolutionary era, as M r. Caleb Cushing of the year 1860. And w o have chanced to find a curious historical document of the year 1776, to which is affixed the signature of a man bearing the very name now borne by the peripatetic advocate of Slavery whose argument w\are com- menting upon, which furnishes teetimony as to themony of the agent, who had the letting of these fatal tenements.Thebuildingswere constructed inthe meanestand cheapest manner of the most combustible ma-terials, so that the fire swept through the floors andtive. This exposure disturbs the equanimity of our on land, retained fur sciemilic purposes at the head oftion, rery rapid, attd capable of every kind of work. It is the beat machine ever produced. Price only $110.1. M. BI.VO&K it Co.,No. 458 Broadway, N . Y .IHE PARKER SEWING-MACHINE CO.'SFninT-O—Aga, DOUBLR-TBRKAD, Kapid, Noiaele»«, and Beautiful %M).—NRW SRWINO-MACHINR—*40.under Patenta of Howe, Grover At Baker, and Wheeler ItW_»on. Agenta wanted. Otfice No. 469 Broadway.VkKSOS Jt Co.FiNKXE & L.YON'8 SEWING-MACHINES receivedthe bixhort Medsl »t the Fair o f t h e American Institute, with the btghe*t Premium for tine Sewtug-Maehine work; also, high-HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.Tbe House resumed the consideration of the bill re- ported from the Committee on Judiciary, suppressing polygamv in the Territories of the United States.Mr. BRANCH (Dem., N. C.j—It will be observed that the bill reporied from tbe Judiciary Committee contains two sections, each of which has two d'stinct „disasters in future.Wecommendthiscasetothemembersofthe details. Mr.Schell'sexaminationwillbecontinued polygamyacriminalon"en3ethroughoutalltheTerrito-to-morrow, and after him comes Mr. Batterworth;• • • * • •......tistics to be the chief cause of sudden deaths, uo other maladyeat Premium at the J""atr of the Praaklin Inatitute, New-Jersey being so fatal or destructive to human life. HOLLOWAY'S I'II.LS intent of the men of the Revolution much more ex-ries of the United States, and the second proposes to dis- approve and annul certain acts of tbe Territory of Utah sauc'ioning and upholding polygamy. Tho amend- mentIpropose,Sir,istobtrikeoutsomuchofthebillgt&ie Kaii, fcc, *tc Agents Wantea. Olfice, No. 50« Broadway.WJKEELER& WILSON'S SEWING MACHINES."WepreferthtmU>zfamilymm."—[Txibune. " Tb»y ar<» th»fovorit«3 for families."—[Times.Office, No. 505 Broadway, New-York.SOMETHING NEW.—A HEMMER, TUCKER,FKX.LKR. BINDER it G.VLUE combined, just patented. Simple. hrininu-.;; any width and thicknttnH of cloth, either side, appliedto any »• w>n.<-ti4actuu« o? any outt iu a hvr ruinates.KxxAii. 1'RicM, $ 5 ; LIBERAL £>I*COCNT TO TIIK TRADE.Order* by mail supplied, postage paid. Complete instructions arowith«-ve/yHemuier. b'eod foracircular. Also UNIVERSAL Botox KOUISB anO SALTMANXES for quilting.il.vir.:njA:.lixxxsx Co.,No.429Broadway.aTea safe and certain specific to this momentous and. universal evil.plicit than-the vague generalities which the 'ex-At- torney-Generalgivesus.IntheMassachusettsAr- chives, vol. 2J.5, page 96, no w in the office of the Secretary o f the Commonwealth a t Boatcn, is a paper, of which the following is a copy:" In the Honse of Representatives, Sept. li*, 1776." Whereas, This House is credibly informed that two negro men lately brought into this State as prison- ers, takenonthehighseas,are advertised to0©sold atSalemonthe17thinst.,bypublicauction;" Resolved, That the selling a n d enslaving the hu- man species is a direct violation of th e natural rights alike vested in all men by their Creator, and utterly inconsistent with the avowed principles on which this and the other United State3 have carried their struggle forlibertyeventotheIsatappeal;andthereforethat all persons concerned with tne said negroes be and they hereby are forbidden to sell them, or in any man- nertotreatthemotherwaysthanisalreadyordered for the treatment of prisoners of war takea in the same veseel, or others in the like employ; and if any sale of the said negroes shall be made, it hereby is declared null and void."Here follow theindorsementsoftheofficersofboth branches, showing that the resolve finallyLegislature, who are said t o b e inclined to passover the tenement-house bill nowbefore them. Letthemrememberthattherearethousandsofjustsuch combustible shells in this city, in which humanDeings are packed thick as sardines, fix and eighttiers deep, be.tweon the cellar and sky, and in which,were a fiie to break out in the night, the loss of lifewould be fearful to think upon. Shall there be no The vote in the House w as significant as to the no difficulty whatever in voting for any bill totf®mmnmTHURSDAY, MARCH 29, 1860.MOVEMENTS OF JUDGE M'LEAN.JudgeM'Leaawillreturnhereonthe2dof oftheCommitteeasproposestorenderpoiygamy April, to sit in an important ciuse, which w as criminal in all the Territories of the United States, and to retain so much of it as disapproves aud annuls all postponed owing to Judge Black's illness, and then laws sanctiooicg and permitting polygamy. We haveresume the labors of his circuit.POL YGAMY .it is the following consent of the Council:ation in their favor is the fact that they have been put forward b y t h e Convention without solici-route, by rejecting the resolution offered by Milesclared by the Committee to be condemned by the public sentiment and the legislation of the whole civilized world. One mode is by totilly repealing the Territorial Government of Utah? In case we adopt that mode, two courses would still be open for ua laing further. To ihose who want proof that he and the party who applaud his language, are willing toing that the excitement of a popular election would be the best palliative for the depression under whichThe House adopted an amendment to the bill au-thorizing newspapers to print expirations of sub-iscriptions o n envelopes, that the whole charge ondrop letters delivered by carriers in cities shall be law-making power. Tne subject was now underin-speeches we have referred to. They substantiallyvestigation as to the propriety of blotting out Utak Territory, and thus destroying this evil, and putting anendtootherenormitiesperpetratedbythatpeople upon citizens of this country.Mr. BRANCH—With all deference to the opinionof my friend, I am still of the opinion, Sir, that it is not possible,inthenatureofthings,thatanyofoor_an- eettledTerritoriesadjacent totheTerritoryofUtM can at this time have sufficient population tocontrolnia orRaptor*. Ladies waited upon byafotamlainprivateroorai. Also, TxcasEs of every kind for permanent re- Territories declaring polygamy a crime, and annul- religious, to the introduction, of Slayery throughout and deserve the united support of the Republicans iary expenses, $5,870,000; sundry5 .civil expenses, hae a right, under the Constitution, toWft^*XTMtention o f Rapture, Bathing Truss**, Supporters, Shoulder- ling all the Territorial laws of Utah.legalizing a n d throughout t h e city. A Republican triunmh now $3,491,000; Navy, $11,182,000; deficienCV in the Post- Tbe only course would be to attach them to eomo xw*Rraees, Sospenaory Bandag«o, Silk Elastic Stockings, Knee-Caps, the leDgth and breadth of the Staie. That leadingAnklet*, a n d a ll surgical appliance* sdenrincaliy applied, b y establishing it. The Democrats in the House were Democratic politicians should dare t o present such would do much toward, carrying the county for our OMce Department, nearly $6,000,000. Total, $45,140,-MJLMMMit Co,, So. 2 \es9j-n., (opposite at. Paul's Churoh) N.X HUGHES, Dvruy &,CREHANGE,000; or a net requisition by the Committee of Waysnot ready to stand forth as the advocates and sup- doctrines to the free workmen in the Connecticut candidates in the coming Presidential campaign. porters of this peculiar institution • on the other shops and factories, is a fact of startling signifi-and Means of $1,189,000 from the Secretary of the therefore^ obliged to entirely discard a !COM}»*[*^EE W341 Broadway, 241nave now in store, and are receiving by every tiveh arrival, a hand, they could not but squirm at the idea of cance. The men to whom these appeals in favor of The Republican State Committee of Ohio have 1861, made by formor acts of Congress of. a specific citizene of the organized Territories of the Union,<alarge and variedm«*ortjnuent ofrORElUN PANCT OOODa,.attaching them to adjacent Territories." t h eSouthernMarket,i nwhichthey expect t otion he was absent at the South, and upon his returnthenproceedingbyasingletrunklinetotheBayof San Francisco or the nauivable waters of Sacra- mento; and of Mr. Phelps for a road by the. 35th parallel. They adjourned till Thursday night.DROP LETTERS.Ilouee to say that, when this bill was before t M W ,may have, it is difficult to see why it may not alsolimitthenumberofslaveshemayhave;if"popu- theirtraditions,principles,andhabits,andsode- journalsofeitherparty,addingtwospeechesmade JanuaryintheUnitedState3,accordingtothereturns andnotabletobepresent. 1amopposedtothatie»-C O N T E S TI NliMOI>EI8JLANJT>.eral points of diflereuce between the Republicans SSKfti S ^ . * ^, and their liabilities, $530,- amendment proposed by the gentlemiu from A01"1.holds shout.iof every Siuti fanatic;/ ami tj Her;thefifth' andinravero\ sixth ieuidon willcovstiiit.xl seventh is fori of heme inanul for public n.sfl©omrneud^ Mil ninth recoiuml cast a united tion of PrehW tind coi>£evYa4Id; PHUJohn Roolj »y the DtmoJlaet Congress adjourned, and will report such a pro- £ 5 adoree.kg Box No. 2,341, Beiton? M«ff ^**** " 9'> crime, because they might afterward be called on ceive material aid from the fund subscribed by mer- forms a large octavo of 280 pages, is to be issued Vision to the Pofet-Ohice Appropriation bill.toputasimilarstigmaupon"thatothertwinrelic " of barbarism." Pressed on the popular sover- eignty dilemma, Mr. Branch said he was readytochants in this city, does not appear. The im- pression, however, is that a culmination has notnextMonday, andwillbesoldfor50centsper single copy, $35 per hundred, aud $250 per thou-and two wounded.was towed down to Anton Lizardo bythe Indianolaand Wave, which are called American steamers foreffect,thoughnotoriouslyintheserviceofJuarez,and were sent to ascertain the character of Maria'ssteamers, which had paeeed the Castle San Juan a change in the tariff laws. * ' * &TENEMENTClose upon, the heels of the Elm-street horror being privy to its purpose, though captured on ves- jected.'Then comes a scene of wild confusion as the arousedthe speech itself. On the historical question, how- inmates hurry from their beds, only to find a wall ferred to the Post-Office Committee of the House, making the salary of captauu; at sea $4,000; waitingquotations to prove our assertions, but we point to ever, we give the following specimen brick:which passed the Senate eo quietly, has been re-of smoke and flame surrounding them. Fathers and will be thoroughly scrutinized before being orders and on leave, $3,000; and discharging otherduties, $3,600. Agreed to .reported back. As nearly all the grantees are Mr. IVERSON (Dem., Ga.) thenoffered a substitute Systems,GeneralDebility,Dyspepsia,Asthma,Rickets,Female DeclarationoiIndependenceintendedtoapplyonly flock tothewindows,and fling themselvea Democrate,andhavenopeculiarclaimstothis increasingthepayo\allofficersoftheNavy$20per Complaints. Spermatorrhea, in a^l disorders dependent, on imper- to the white governing race of tneee Colonies. That month. He thought noi.e bat a Philadelphia lawyerfect orImpaired nutrition, aud in all cases of local or constitutional our fathers intended to rttuin the AJrictin and,the into the street, eome to be borne maimed, scorched, privilege, it may be proposed to include the names understood the bill in reponed and amended. Hedebility. Tbeyincrease thenervous orvitalenergy, relieve IndianinsubjectiontothewhiteraceoftheseColo- andbleedingtothehospital,otherstoescape,hap- ofotherpartiesequallyenterprisingandentitled Coush, check Night Sweats, diminish Expectoration; improve the nics, there is abundant proof. * * * ( J u r fa- pily, unharmed. T h e firemen and police arrive, b u t to consideration.Appetite, arrest Diarrhea, promote refreshing sleep, and CRKATS thers did not enter upon any Quixotic pure-iwt of radi-NEWANDHKAI.THYHLOOD. Afair trialisacertain cvre.' calinnovations. Tht>yfouudIndiansaboumJiui:inthe theireffortsavailnothing;morethanhalfascore THEPRINTING INVESTIGATION.•wanted to simplify this matter of pay, so that it could be understood without making che matter one of special etucy. Hia deeire was to put officers of the [Navyonthesamefootingpreciselyasofficersofthethis remedy with the PHOSI'HATKS or CHKMICAL FOOD* Beware ricans abounding in the country, ana kept them Af- many minutes. In the upper story of the house, penditures this morning to re-open the Printing Mr. DAVIS (Dem., Mi<?s)thought the method ofcarriers or dr one cert. A< Mr. GURiPrinting, ifcp favor of rhe port on onr c< volume of tbSteven?, cont Mr. SHKE Means CcinrjpropriatioM f ment.He asked U andTarih'hiliOpposition wouldcallupTheHonse State of th<. £ The ame<:di tional A rnivriMr. /HU«I ground tbar il —-and such IE pibleifor oi tocity of havjof Mr, SPINN knowledge tb:private than p in favor of str .Mr. BOTE!bad bet «-ne our forfinV'<t1Mr.. MORE . tier, ar.-.i rj:»i j mor;es *>nv mMr. WELI lonni'im wa.-* i in bringing it propriar'on to:Mr. BOTE •voted, it w(. u tbsn the JohnMr. KILG< eityfortheaf from abroad,: difficulty. •Mr. BV-rp.'-Jr; priation fi u against 7}.'TheCoomi House wltli MWitftdru'theMllLKDG.' Aletf-rrr ofwhich bes: *' cbccitionalb "writtenfor' "feelaniu'n " deleg;tt«.-^ fr| " tion. tb?.!ITIowcISCAcc;i siThe corresj indicatcj riiat didafe to b« nt tirnore Or posi Dougiasbeing tion..' ATCHISOI John A. il. C. C. IJ?a?r. J- 03. Mitel el*. Weon, Jsme-ii.b\ pointed de!e« Territorial Corj Douglas waa for the Preside reaffirmed. T| delegarcn i.->Intheeld the entire 1). ty. Atchlsc; majority. v>ui poiled."Hfew-JVr|Tbe Demou-; lor the choiceat larue reprel pointed terupoiAt the af^i Were selectad:Senatorial /)W| Jamfs \V. Walt,Congrt esif>r,•tiA Hartua. Svc< ud-j Douphty, AUiei< Hamilton, r-'i/ibResolutions:The tirct del gress, as dun tionfoitbe» a y s t h e C o u s d observance of thethird at-.-el should.be iiniiifThe alleged object wasinvest seventy-Jhe cents in a ladder. Ten lives for closed, the proposition was voteI down by 4 to 2, and it was not agreed to—Yeas 20, Nays 29.these classes slaves and kc-pt them slaves. H e pro- 75 cents, only 7% cents apiece. Such was the testi- Messrs. Hindman and Clopton being in the nega- ment, giving an increase of pay to those naval officersof amalgamation by which the Indian and the Afri-Mr. .Cu&hiug means by t'lis, that our lathers found Mr. WIG FALL (Dem., Texas) offered an amend-wallsasthough theywerepasteboard. Howlong cut. Itwillmeetnextweek.the erection, of such man-traps will be tolerated hithis city we. know not; but to our mind the manwho would build a n d l e t such places for humanThe amendment W83rejected—Yeas 10,Nays36. THE DEMOCRATIC CORRUPTIONS. The Original bill, ae amended, was then read a thirdAugustus Schell w a s examined before Mr. Co- lime and pas-ted. Adjourned. vode's Committee in regard to money raised inI^habitations, should be liable to indictment for man- New-York for the purpoje of carrying Pennsyl-slaughter. Could the Grand Jury indict a t'aw of vania in 1856. • He could only state generally thatthese tenement owners, a n d t h e Courts convictthem, the dwellings of the poor, w e feel assured,would be made tolerably secure from such terrible$30,000 or $40,000 were subscribed and paid, which sum was disbursed through George Plitt inI t is admitted that the SaratogaMr. Gwin's bill for a telegraph' to the Pacific, imitate the Englisu Navy in the management of ours.venerable President.MR. HOARD'S COMMITTEE.Mr. Hoard's Committee has not j et organized, owing to the absence of Mr. Burnham in Connecti-bureaus.Mr. BROWN (Dem., Mise.) said he was oppos&d togivingittotheseland-lubbers. Ifthey areto hare any increase of pay, make separate cases for thom. He did not believe in placing them on an equality with, those who braved the perils ar*d endured th e rigors of service.Philadelphia.given, who can furnith the exact amount and fuller objects in view. The lirst seciion proposes to makeThe name of the treasurer wasfense,thoughitwillberesistedbytheSouthasin-volving Congressional power over Territories which government of tne Territories, T h e question as tointofactions, andhavetwoticketsinthefield,while the Republicans are hopeful, energetic, united,and harmonious. In the candidates presented for his wife's recovery, to whom he w as suddenly general law iu regard to polygamy applicable to allthe .candidate for Collector of Taxes andthendiscussedthepropositionsofMr.Curtisfora carryingoutthatpolicy. WecouldeitherattachUtahAssessments,and surveyor, of irreproachable integrity. I n theBoard of Education, of which he is a member, h ehas shown himself zealous and thorough in the united within 200 miles of the Missouri River, and dischargeofhisduties. Atthetimeofhisnomina-ritory at present organized, or to organize a aeWr am.ritory with a view to control and absorb thenL M*~J 1Treasury's estimates. The appropriations estimated of repealing the Territorial Government of Utao, ~Jfor the service of the fiscal year ending with June, a view to controlling the Mormons by Congress"The number of banks and branches on the 1st ofa t t h e T r e a s u r y D e p a r t m e n t , w a s 1 , 5 6 2 ; t h e c a p i t a lpaidin$121,880,000/,andtheamountofspecieonhand,$83,994,000. The resources of these banks, including favor of the adoption of any measure odc\u8t**wHe offered an amendment to that effect, which wassubstituted by one Horn Mr. BENJAMIN (Dem., La.),Mr. lvereon'8 substitute wat not agreed to.Utah,orofanygreatprincipleinreferencetothe1000000 extirpatetheevil,andthereforeIcheerfullygo^^u mentgive.-*slj1)00,000.The Committee on Ways and Means have concurredwiththePoet-OfliceCommitteeinrestoringtheinlandmailservicetotheconditionthatit,wasinwhentaeSenate and of the House oi Representatives, are to policy in reference to tbe Territories of the ^n»° sand. We urge those who want to look at this give Miss Adelina Patti. the young and gifted Ameri- States. The earliest instance of Territorial WJ?Titake all power from the people of a Territory who been thought necessary in this case, but that one question from both sides to send to Follefcfc, Foster can primadonna, a complimentary concert on Saturday ment we have iu cur history is that estaoHSBshowed themselves unfit for self-government, and to house might buy the whole lot. Be this as it may, & Co.,;Columbus, Ohio, for this work.Lext. by the Ordinance of 1787 for the Territories norwr The Special Committee appointed by the Speaker west of the Ohio. According to that Orduuoe>lu*repeal &UJaws which shock the moral souse of thevery little extraordinary means are resorted to there to defeat the Republican ticket. An extra train of cars was recently engaged to carry out a great number of the faithful from Providence to attend a meeting, and make an imposing demonstration into inquire what negotiations or legislation is necessary to promote the tobacco trade with foreign countries consistsofMessrs.Iliighes,Tompkins,Hristow,Ferry,were two stages of Territorial Government, in brut stage, the Legislativepowerwasvestedw (lovernnient and judges of the Territory. Wht«i«ve Territorybadattaineda population otfive ttt^ voters,theywere authorizedtoelectoneJ^TjL*aatheir Legisliaturtoe, bout imn no inustuaucij, imn all^!*JTMjto*u^U^.lcouutry.length,hewould soonbeintroublewith hisparty. However,hewasnotputtothetestyeaterday,the subject being informally kid aside.eo fWefancythat ifhewere to go that—TheSpringfield Republican says:"NolessthanWoofjsccket.A largeportiono fthem,however,th« Democratic ticket."cality to dishonor Connecticut.r Merritorie*oftbeUnion, wasanincipient1°*" ^ .$5,000 hasbeen raised inMassachusetti, takentoConnecticutlastweek,toPURCHASKVOTISforThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069It is said that Elisha English has been uppointed United States Marshal for Indiana, in place ot liobiu- son deceased.The bill for the suppression of polygamy in UtahUntitled DocumentWealth is iu league with ras-and was Thomas,Leake,andLeachofNorthCarolina.Government ever allowed to elect both bran«nea* *CONGRESSX X X V I T HFIRST SESSIOX. .•or didtl BQch scv. tbe^roucf pipienfc TJ;?th braa list of received TerritoriaUlir oh\ N, Missouri, these pa?r these refttr 5ng their! ihe O/dln:froveined, of tbe Vi S t a t OP, a n centState Snaugurat* duced, w<Kacaas,bave giv ' -Tenitorii3 favor, tieJeo well in ever a pe condnct tl havenobe ilege of (•'• of tbe Fe< etemalij <• lead, tx-.r sue theckittie make s passed by ' purify the more trou"; ain-head. ©fa mor? c priety of C? Termor: t?Ihe Cbairm I will not t;Mr.NLI bill, WishYo Mr. KAJ:the table, v. Mr. LOG repeal the •of Utah. The folio-Mes*r». J3a Cooper HAITI; Qneen, McR<>' Jor.lV»U»rtdiiThe K-.y. i jb.usin.es?. v..Oc motior tion w<*s ao< tosend-fori under oatho the fmpeacl.';-Mr.COLFmittee movetbill authori/.idate whoa scAfter other unimportant ameudmehta, t h e questiona right to disapprove and annul these laws of Utah, because that right h a s been expressly reserved in the law organizing that Territory. I have\• www.fultonhistory.com 