 10NEWS FROM WASHINGTON.Paasag* of the Post Office Ap- propriation Bill.THE BILL SIGNED BYTHE PRESIDENT.^ W W W W ^ W ^ W W ^ M *THJCABESTFORTHEIQUSB1UXTDW. tieinterestsefJudgeDouglas.A nxaoK irn i r — TO m a MCWIC AproiKrttlonhinow/bea^tnaienale PontOfBee Cog-*^^*XZ£%. view of procuring redaction a duties by foreign govern-NEWSFROMTHESTATECAPITAL.an>ew»a^^^awwwawion tab Pro Freight Bill—Sertoaa Charges af Bribe-f nctostog a letter from t h e Governor 1eeoluuessoftheLegslatureatteataofOha, m ihe ravttatwB to vleit Albany.Ttepreratebillwas thentakeneaPrivilegebytheSenate.POwr Special Washlagtoa Despatch. WAmacrom, Feb. 16,1800.the contract with Zonae Bern«», Blram Sfttey, » blenest to tbe lowea oteee this course was pursued, and itheld by the \ arties named in the bill will secure the Th* President having approved of the Peat Ofitos bfll, it hnlMreg of tbe !'ne.Mr DAVW, (dem.) of Hies., thought it might be well the Charleston Convention. There were indications that could not apply this to them. not totaJWtb« fr*a*ipg prtyilsge from the ex-Presidents an attempt would be madeto electpouglu delegatesto the Mr. Robinson thought that therax roar otnea i i m n u M B U .It, therefore, a law, at amended previous to ita passge. The Na tonal Convention of tbe Sons of Malta com-or their widow*• . __„,.,_«j ,w-» «».,. win Charleston Convention by the Lecomptoa Bate Conven- was one of tbe strongest arguments that eoold be pro-ter carrying the mail, The lntereat ihall be paid only tothesoatracterstowasIvesinfullofalldamage*,byrea- IhtHow.Printing—A HitchintheProgrammt—TtoFinefrom Kentucky. Mr.POWBLLwithdrewhieamendment,exceptastothebetween the people sad railroads of the State.Mr. Hubbell, of Westchester, next spoke against the with closed doors It h understood tea tear? 2bill,chargingth*ClintonLeaguewithbeingth*mot countyintheState1 1r•presented,sadteatthe W 7gigantic lobby concern that b e d ever nth the naive Uatoa parties*.aeeeffailureerdelayinpayment. NointereatHtobe on pay menu for the last quarter ending with De-A sum for thht purpose is appropriated. Tan OOSTBJT ron MUSTER or THB HOI a stimeforittotakeeffect—the15thofApril—wbi:hwasThe republicans legally elected Defreea Printer to-dayay one majority, a consequence of tbe absence of Mr.Jenkins, of Yirgina, bat the Speaker allowed tbe demo-crata to consume time by nlibostenng until Mr. Jenxins standing, Pefiees, (rep.) 90—Glossbrenner, (dem.) latemittee, Mr. HAMLDI moved to strike out tbe proviso in re- lation to whom the privilege is granted.Mr. BKNJAMIN, (dtm.) ef La., said that Mrs. Polk was given tbe privilege as a complimentMr HAMUN proposed to withdraw his motion, If she was the only person named.Mr. CAMUSON thought they had better strike all outThe amendment was then rejected.Mr. POWSLL moved to amend the substitute of the com-mittee £0, that the law take efiect on tbe 15th of April. Agreed to.TbesubstituteofthePostOfficebillwasthenagreedto.Mr. UASONmoved to add, that "hereafter nothing paaritory to the 13th, and British Columbia to the 18th. Politics, as usual, seemed to engross the attention of thepeople of Oregon.Tbe Democrat mentions rumors of a prospective coali-tion between the republicans and anti-Leoompton de- mocrats to elect Col. E D. Baker, or California, Unitedthe title of the bill should be changed to "abillto tbe canal forwarder* to raise the wind."Notwithstanaing tbe extra precautions by theto prevent any new* from leaking c a tt o regardtoteeStetteHASXVO*B, Feb. 16, ism Tbe Dtmocratic State Convention isssinliliM la 1_the \ * tornprom:tAdever sicould reach the Houae and vote, which tetter act wasapplauded a* a skilful piece of management Mr. Adams,of Massachusetts, refuted to vote, not liking the mannera whichthecaucuanominationwanmade. Manyofthe republican* feel aggrieved that Mr. Adams lnorntn;:, it would be useless to speculate upon tbe proba-the members and chief clerk, and their ordering tbe siderooms to b e cleared s a d key botes watched, I have ob-tainedtheirproceedings. They overlooked one"black Heremarked,ontakingthechair,teahabadnevwssl* kitten''and1havebeenabletogettheirentireaction.The souniversalanddeterminedafeelingassngteteaaf drat thing done was Senator Connelly rising to * question crecy of Connecticut as now to achieve * triuneta!did not attend the. caucus, as his stogie voteble result In any event the treasury will befleeced,andfree in the mails."Mr. CAMERONmoved as an amendment, "except news- the wagon road between Walla Walla and Fort Benton on of privilege upon a charge made against him by * Buffalo April.aarcaaad in the matter. not i aaoauTie^ ^ J _ * _ 5 E ° a p -Tbe above were . . . JOHN COCUAAMB " ttntefssghfork,askingreferred.tbe petition of Wilhaa others of tbe Seventh ward ofthefreedomofthepublicktndaftaamtxruL Tbecommitteeappointed bythe Senatorial caucus,towhom all tte rrBototton* now before the Senate are to he rtfemd, aid who are authorised, if they deem it expedi- ent, to report back resolutions, or a platform, to meet con-to regard to the question of etovery » hi e mpceed of the teOowtog gentlemen:- Chairman; Gwm, Chestnut, Bigler, and vffl probably bring forward a pro- willbesubmittedto thenext 0*0000,00ttB'w ^",^LStMutt otergory suat CamraptlwaiCons.ftixaa><atoa o f Ap»a Walker, J. B. abaybtB, T DXatoo, C Stebbtos, Norman Green end F . A.,the use by government of a line of telegraph from Missouri to Pan Fratieisoo, for a period of ten years, a anJanuary 20 refused to dissolve tbe injunction to the newAlmedactticksUvermmocase. This renders it probable not see how the canal forwarders could be looked upon asmenced Hi seaton to-day, the object being s thorough re MdefrayingtheexpensesoftheDepart- vlstonofthetowsandritualortheOrder.M Bsptssaytotfj t*,2»8,000 for supplyingttw deficiency aDouglas proclivities, including the new Senator elect, Mr. Latham.All that remained of the steamer Northerner, recently wrecked near tape Mendocino, had been sold tor Bine hundred dollars.Mr. rowsix. (dem ) of Ky., moved to amend by pro-viding that persons now entitledto the franking privilegebe excused from prepayment, to take effect on the 15th of balloonist, Henry A. Wise, proposing an aerial trip from to the bin In all 3» features. He believed tha the inhabi- Ira°t Laffiof-.sadtogwfth June next; aad a farther man of $2,400,(W0> sioner of Patents; and Judge Knowtos, of Tennessee, as to payment of the salaries of officers and clerks, transpor- T easurer of the United States.A letter bad been received in San Francisco from theJetton of the mule, wrapping paper, bags, stamps,A clatere* at UK rate of six per cent per annum to com-steace sixty dayt after the expiration of the quarter lawhich the aerTice waa rendered, but in no case New Orleans, instead of one as heretofore. prior to the let of May, 1869, to the present date, •tailfeepaidanallaumafoundtobeduethe contractorethat city to New York, across the great plains,April. A fire occurred at San Francisco on the morning of tbe tents of the city of F«w York were all opposed to the L. Ames cf Saratoga, and J. C.Mr. IVKRSON, (dem.) of Ga, opposed this. 23d of January, in Montgomery street, between Bash end policy of this bilL Mr. CLAV, (d*m.)of Ala, wanted to get rid of letters of . .Sutter streets, consuming five wooden buildings, valued ntThe Senate yesterday, among other nominations, con-far the year ending wits June last; $4,000,000towards tbe support of the Department for the fiscal year firmed Philip Frank Thomas, of Maryland, as Commis- free by mail." Carried.Mr. Jacques argued a much length in favor of the amcrAHments, if tee bill mart be passed, but was opposedv L'CKuuciBous MATTERS.Commencirg with next week there Is to be a doubledaily train by tte Southwestern route from Washington tono consequence. He received notices of patent medi- * 'iwetity Umosaaa doliats, and considerably damagingthe The amendments were then voted down, what Mr. ~ andaKtogB.andD.A.Oar Washington Correspondence. WASBHIGTOH, Feb. 13,1840.tjf the bill, in which he viewed tbe history of tbe Franciscoctthe22dof January,fromnfour days' trial andrailrceasof thisState. Hethoughtth*Speeches Overthe Lamented D. C. Bn&trick—Mr. SenatorGreen's Plan for Bringing the Mormon* to SutgecHon to agreed to.competency «f tbe House to take up and decide a eon- cal legislation, we are glad to hear that Mr. Green, Chair- tution preliminary to admission iato tbe UHon, ReferredTtoeie * a moderate demand from the country for all S^j. Therecentmovementinprovisionsisgenerally considered premature, and likely to induce Oregon traders to kill their stock too freely.Senators, t h a then could swallow Van Valkenburg, have found him unpalatable to-day, vis: Richmond and F . P .Murphy. TheremainingnomineeforPortWarden,Mr.Loons-bury,wasconfirmedbyavoteofeighteentotwelve,nottested seat where thelegal notification of intention manonTerritoriesintheSenate,hashituponaplan which will bring tbe Mormons to a positive settlementto contest was not given by the csntestaiit. Mr. His plan isto establish a new Territorial government forW^'timsoncontendsthatthelawrequiring suchno-tice applies to claimantsofseatstowhomcertificatesoltotheCommitteeonTerritories.THE ELECTIONor i FRnmrji toTrotatoTSE. TherewaaacalloftheBousepreliminarytotakingaHe testified that he met Old Brown in Boston in the winter of 1156,and heard him speak at several meetings, Sod had various conversations withthere couia hereafter be uo plunder,Another vole wastaken. Before theresult wasan-low, having been, according to Delatour's record, 29 deg. abovezeroatnoonyesterday; butthechangewassosud- denandunexpected,thatpeoplefeitItvastlymorethantheyday was the tale of Csnosmi's gun, tbe veritabl* 1boned to bim any design to invade the slave States.Brown called on him afterwards at Lawrence, In the fall«f 1668, and deposited with him for safekeeping certaindocuments, consisting of promissory notes, made by vari-ous persons in tbe Territory to the National Kansas Relief surdity to say that the United States Court had jurisdic- Committee—optes which he had gathered up as agent for tion if the law is unconstitutional.Various reports, petitions ana bills < f a private nature that committee. Mr. Conwsy accepted the custody of the were presented.kmd of man he was, and perhaps he might vote lor him. have had plenty of light snow talis this winter, but there Mr. BOMIAMwould explain if it were in order.ner to Mr Old. ther accommodate the fast young men and the livery sta- shall be attached thereto, except In wholesale quanti- of sanguinary looking individuals, whose general »tp* " P " "*e ( ties :—Prussic acid, aconite and i t s various preparations,The CHAIKpresented the resolutions of the municipal what precise object Lane's Miliary Beard was designed authorities of Georgetown, protesting against the passage toeffect,butbewaasatisfiedthatLaneneverofthebilltoprohibittbecirculationofpapermoneytoAmid the confusion, Mr. JACKSON, (dem.) of Ga,wbo bad,duringthevotieg,absentedhimself,hurriedlyen- tered. Muchjoywasevincedonthedemocraticside.Mr. Jackson voted for Mr. Glossbrenner.Messrs. Bonham and Pryor returned to that gentle- man's supportMr. Ram, (dem.) of S. C-. now called for the announce- ment of the vote-tbe remotest idea of invading Missouri, Vir- or any other Sate on the globe. Conway did not think that Brown had anything to do with in any of bis operations. The New England . Aid Company waa a purely business corpora-tion. Haobjectwaaamakemoney. ItamethodwastotheDistrictofColumbia- » Mr. HrvreR, (dem.) of Va , moved to postpone priororders and take u pTH» YOBt OmCS DEFICTXNCT BILL..The House having refused to concur to the amendment of the Senate abolishing the franking privilege, Mr. Hun- ter moved the Senate recede from its amendment H e wasunwillingtoattempttoforcelegislationontheotherWhole number of votesNecessary to a choice Defrees182$lted understanding bespoke a conamenabke to<uaerea« «•* cota am the searching pecubarities of the season, bat toe prv h e rem*<iie< broughtwerebeyondthelimited capacity*:n<putupsawmills,andafew temporaryhouses,atparticu house. The motionwasagreedto—Yeas42,nays11.Mr. TOOMBSmoved to reconsider. H e was opposed to terplacestoteeTerritorywheretownsbadbeenlocated, theSenatereceding. InthedebatetotheHouseastrongand to direct; emigration to those places. It received ita opinion was expressed adverse to the franking privilege, buttheywereopposed tolegislation beingincorporated compensation in land in and around these towns. It de- in tbe appropriation bill. Now, in this bill there was no pended on tee growth of the towns for the value of ita general legislation. The amendment regulating the print-91 90the Territories There is no proscivilixatioo. B e denied that tea embarrassment Jth« « ! * * • •»"P»flcaiion and otxtineatto?<rf^toTrevenoe tions. A large rope was fastened to the roof of the hall,CartonValley(westsideofUtah),andtocreateajudicial districtoi saidTerritoryinUtah, andsoorganizedasto bring all Mormon capital offenders against the laws be-CityIntelligence.sustaining eetioua charges against the Postmaster at the summons of the committee to testify, and bring them elected, >! lor Mr. Glossbrenner, it would have made aA favorable report was made on tbe bill to incorporate THEWEATHER.—The pleasant lull in the severity of the the Dime Savings Bank.Petti and MHaverhill, Massachusetts, which are to be investigated a t ance. Other .Massachusetts postmasters are accused of complicitywithlotteryticketsellers.Tt» HARPER'S FIRRY nVSSTKUTIOX.Mr. Conway, of Kansas, the former agent of the Newtie.before the Senate to answer for contempt Mr JOHN COCHRANE, (dem ) of N. Y. ,ioggested a postMr. HALS, (rep.) of N. H , said he would vote against ponement. \weather for a few days past has again been followed by a sharp little " blow " and a heavy storm of snow, which came down yesterday afternoon thick, fast and steady. Bigovercoats,comforters,furs, high bootsand umbrel- las were consequently once more in requisition, and conAlso.on the bill in relation to Junction Gates and tbe Cro- ton Reservoir in New York.dealers, prudent housewives afflicted with aocuotriit HebelievedtherewasnopowerIntheSenatetocom- pel the attendance of these men.The resolution was adopted by yeas 46, nays 4.Mr.HILL, (opp.) of Ga.,nothiving heard ofanyabsentees likely to arrive, urged that there b e one moreMr. ROTCBintroduced a bill for tbe release of the mort- generally. The sale of yesterday was smaller than as genmulnted tgageforS85,000held bytbeStateagainsttheStateAgri-cultural College. bat the bidding was fair, wbile the prices which tan • a t orjeeThe Judiciary Committee reported in favor of tbe bill of rious articles brought would have thrown Mn.fatalll S so veilHale, Sumner and Toombs. Messrs.SewardandKingbothvoted affirmatively. Mr.TOOMBS,(dem.)ofGa.,madeanexplanationofhisA like report was made on the bill for the foreclosure and sale of the New York and Erie RaJlroad.Mr.LAFHASintroducedabillauthorizinganadjustment oftheclaimoftheCrotonWaterBoardforwaterusedto Sing Sing prison.than piecetakenfromhisroomafterhaarrest,andwU*»teW special1NEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.thet he would not back down from the poaiiioo be had cratic press The facte were laidPLATTCS*.nouncedMr.BoaiuM,(dem.)of£.C,changedinsvote remarks of yesterday. He had not said that if the Fugi- tor some South Carolinian.foundtocontain besidesaheavychargeofponds,v iugry Fit balls and a quantity of buckshot After some compitw ^ .him relating to the affairs of Kansas. Brown never m en live Slave law was unconstitutional the action of Wiscon- Mr. HOC-TON, (uem.) of Ala., wanted to know what would a blow ana gradual transition. By the way, wef i poisons, the principal section of which provides th a no this interesting relic was knocked down at six loisnt IwuC knossin was right. It did not depend on that. A State court could not interfere with the decision of the United States Court having jurisdiction.stances without the written order or prescription of a tions, was doubtless considered a bargain by us p Z? chaser. The sale of a lot of pistols and rwofc" if What is bMr. DoouTTLK, (rep ) of Wis., said he would argue the question at the proper time. H e regarded it a s a n a b -Mr. HAMILTON, (dem.) of Texas, wanted to change his ble people, who have been saily disappointed this year atrophia and its Baits, cantharidee, croton oil, datorto and ance indicated a most perfect todiflerence to pt |fea Academtohisorder. Brownnevermadeany disposal ofthem, for therelief orthewidow ofGen.Persifer F.Smith. vote."Tbe SPEAKERsaid Mr. Hamilton had a right to changetionofthesecond floorof Gardner's distillery,127 EUstThirty.seventh street, causing damage to the amount of Tbe bill to incorporate the Mew York Homeopathic Col severalhundreddollars.Nocorrectestimateoftbelosslegewaspassed.dameandaHebrew venderof casten*wearingass Irving pl*c« for the possession at a miacellaneous tut of femua « ^ ^ mentionables,butafterafewsharppaatageatottedmm Clique, was victorious, and bore tbe coveted prise arajtn School— the umph, remarking, as she wait, "It's sot tbe likas d*as should be meddun' with wimmims things at a::, as* fOSlOOft l Thtasally created considerable inerriment,and o*B -J^Jbrew friend soon retired, dtoramCd wttb haitl luck < • " * * • " • noticed One tody bidding eagerly tar t kx of curt * s d t . ^ wheelguards;butwhashewantedthantorwew^...*"" notdivine,butpresumedthashetheastetesy"w«aetrt oftea be handy to have in the family. Whenttarady** Ctstgntsicfm. clothing w a reached, considerable uneatne* s a < •»•• served upon the part of an unfortunate looking *sm4< CJhw dlfficul arrayed in parti colored habiliments, and whose nnfl -andafterhisexecutionConwayforwardedthemtoDr.Agreedto.ThebillproposedtoplaceMrs.Smithontbehisvote.pension roll at fifty dollars per month.Mr. TooMiet said he would oppose it, and its farther con-Mr. GARNSTTappealed from tbe decision.Also the bill authorizing the Supervisors of Westchester county to purchase the Pelbam bridge.The Senate then went into executive session.A s s e m b l y . ALBANY,Feb.18,1800.Hon.B.B.Johnson,electedfromtbeFirstdistrict. Delaware, appeared and took bis seat, to the place of L> D. Shaw, deceased, and on motion of Mr. Brigham (rep.) bis name was added to the Judiciary Committee.The Pro Rata bill was taken up as the special order. Awarm debate ensued on the queaion of applying th e raletocanalforwardersaswellastorailroad *ttsspaa*s Sofarasthedebatewenttheamendment appearedlikelyto chequer,andhavingnothingtoexpect from hs'sa*JSppearatiC«Webb, of Boston, for the committee to which they be-longed. He never a w Brown afterwards, and never hadany knowledge of hat Harper's Ferry incursion until b eread of It to the newspapers. Conway did not remember resolutions were made the special order for Monday next rupted by the repubheans with eries of order.has yet been made, and it is not known whether or not the place ie insured. The owner of the building, which is considerably damaged, lives in New Jersey.MEETING OF THE FRIENDS or ITALY.—The Italians resi- dent in this City, in connection with a large committee, composedofsemeofourfirstmerchantsandprofessional men,haveEignedacallforameetinginregardtoItalian affairs tomorrow night, a the City Assembly Rooms, Broadway. T e e callers of tbe meeting in their circular state:—"In view of the hopeful condition of Italian affairs, the unanimous devotion of the people of Italyto the cause of Italian independence aad the spirit of moderation, pa- tience, self sacrifice and self-control which has marked theircounsels andefforts for this end,they, believing that the timely expression of sympathy from tbe people oftheUnitedStateswiththepeopleofItalyintheirstrug- glesandhopesforfreedomwouldstrengthenandanimatesideration was then postponed.On motion of Mr. GRIMES, (rep.) of Iowa, Mr. Davis'Tbe SPEAKERdirected the name of Mr. Hamilton to be called.lelreaktetfitr-- *<**» Post Office arose from the rranking privilege.awn, aid lor other purposes. 0» • * • « « « avenueand down this a tine looking young follow, dressed in ared shirt, slid several times, to the admiration of thebystanders. B e w an secured b y means of bandagespassing around the legs, waist sad chest, sad held in hisbandathickbrasstube,which covered therope, saasto avoid the unpleasant friction to the flesh which wouldfollow slid ing down a rope from a n y distance. To thistube the bandages were fastened, a d also a brake, b ywhich h t o d r - - 5 — - * - J - - - * I to t h e ground arsaared to b e veryMr Ca»»rajsn^rep-) of I1ton.,a4«ateaa expense ofthe Pott Office Depart! owing to tee system of jobbing which prevailed. He obnrjged , . . C T . orUiedepirtmentwerealsousedforthepurposeofaab- tiduang newspapers. In his place of residence thisooojs* was pursued, a n d t b e editor o f tbe democratic paper;re wan sebntdtoad, tea tee edware of n paar'bsre. Ostren there wan a averted offlce^ttapottos ofwhtcb to transport the mail from tbe Post Office to the cars. A gentleman connected with the <»«aocrnteJJto Prat salaried Post Offiee porter. H e received twelveoottors a year, and employed a cantor for twenty a month to perform the arvice. Hewastoldthat but throughout the length and system of tubstdistog party pressesfunds prevailed. Again, he badaaa-KE^:!-*" *» ** aoameT of M67. awaamneewsnnac lanrturtM Michigant l i ^ S ' S T . L ^ ° ! *"*;» »*«*•<»<» m DO) to prevent be tale ol tbe public lands, except to actual settlers untilt.<b«al,and tbe l<*tmarter «m 'm^ a Jhave the cafe toTeatigaled, and heto*J£*JTM* ststant Postmasters General informed^ **£££....wnumber o f lettera from leading democratsKate bad been receivednecessary for the democratic party testbe kept to efflee. He (Mr. Chandler) b a f r e » « - » . ^ thi* man » a Post Office robber, a thief, aad I demand his ren.oval and tbe putting of a democrat a Ws pace. 1 donotaskarepublican to hatpace thai *^,^,~|0~0 oontrNEWS FROMT H E PACIFIC.Oim SPECIAL ALEAKY BteVAKTH. AULUTT, Feb. 16,1M 0.The friends of pro rata have been busy all the afterneen endeavoring to patch up the breach mate by the storm this morning. They all came into the House as confident asiftheyhadnotbeenvisitedwiththunderandlightningwasabsolutelyaeostearythat adifferent and more eco-nomical svstem should be introduced-tha this whole sys- for teaTorjoosaianabeabolathed.Mr. Proa, (dem.) of Ohio, was to favor of striking oat entirely the rederal government, which expends more than all the States. Tie enormous amount, if raised b y direct taxation, would not be borne a moment If the go-annual compensation of fifty thousand dollars from thetime the lineM completed. The line la4e he finished in veminent expended only ten millions we would never productive.two years. a an estimated cost of one million M dollars. Although tbe compensation a regarded as small, it i3 be- lieved that tbe great amount of telegraph interests nowThe Republican State Convention to elect delegates to the Chicago National Convention i s called for the 2 2 d o f February.m#hear of an irrepressible conflict It was merely a conflict for tb e spoils. Franking w a s merely t i e government paying thepostoge of Members of Congress.>jr. Si*xo.\s, (rep.) of R. L , would stop printing bookstlatoverloadthemails. withoutcallingaStateConventiontoelectdelegatestoif not amended, effected this. Mr.Hamlin'smotionwascarried.Mr. MAIKHI moved to add that "hereafter nothing pass1tiondidsettlethisnatter,bntnothifavnrofth*pro rata scheme.J. J. stateU, of outaenaptedy, •* secretaries.cines, abolition documents, &c. 1 Mr, SHOWN, (dem) of Mies,,was inravoroftotalabo-Ltitnornothing.Mr. HAMUNobjected to the amendment of the Senator trip, having encountered very heavy seas and storms.MiUington, of Herkimer, made a lengthy speechthere would have nominated Mr. Mitchell, and tbe work of reform in this matter will be made secondary paper exchangee." the Missouri river. They were snowed in about the 20th paper for voting for republican nominees to the teaAn informal ballot for Governor followingresult:—ThomasB Seymourtat sit tbegewMMwBgo andP 1<awaking*ijw—»"** can h eprevented the exwttog sate of things to the House. Mr. to tbe necessities of party, and a party organ for the Presi-Mr. SEWARD, (rep.) of N. Y ., suggested to exempt ef November In Bitter Root valley. There was great newspapers,asisnowdone bylaw. dangerthatalltheirstock wouldstarve, andaportionof Mr.CAMIT.RONagreedtothis. the partyhad started for Fort Benton andanotherforExecutive session. He could notseehow they could chargebimwithbeingtoncityrailroad combinationbe- causehevotedforcertainnominee*.HethoughttheJamesT.PrattMorse,ofMaine,wasalso to the caucus, and, althoughdentialcampaign.opposedtoDefrees,refusedtovoteforMitchell.Mr. Thecaytobothhouseswaschieflyappropriatedtoan Mr.CLAYthoughtitwouldonlytendtogiveincreasedFortOwen. exhibition o f fine speeches over t h e death o f David C .Itheridge onthelastballottoday, threwtbe onlyscat- Broderick,toteSenatorfromCalifornia ofthesespeeches, circulationtotbeNewYork2riDuneand HERALD, which tering vote for Galea * Seaton. H e and M r. Adams that which appeared to us the most appropriate was the would not do much to improve the morals of the country.WASHINGTON TERRITORY.There is bat little news from Washington Territory. AbilltoremovethecapitalfromOlympiatoVancouverbad been defeated.chargeunjustanduncalledfor. There was considerable skirmishingonYenValkenburg, bnttherewassomuch said during thebatsecret session, andageneral dis- position to finish into troublesome job, tney soon caneHeniyCDsatng Scatteringspeechof Hon.DanielE.Sickles.Brockerick, defeated werehardpressedtovoteforDefreos,buttonopurpose. for Congress to the district now represented byMr.CRiTTkNi1HNmovedtoadjourn. Lost Mr.MASONwithdrewbisamendmentMr. TRTMBCIX, (rep.) of 111., moved, an a new sectw-',Chicago. Tbe Democratic State Convention has jun cempieam^fmnAt.rhu.1The last ballet to day stood, with th e Speaker's vote:—Defrees, 91; Clceabrenner, «0; and Etheridge's scattering splendid success as a politician was brought to an same the date of subscription. Rejected.rote. Tomorrow Mr. Adams' rote alone o n settletbe untimely es£ la » f*ai ouet Mr. Sickles—well, The bill was then read a third time, and passed, only Juan affair.it is enough to say that he spoke like a friend two voting against it, Messrs. Hemphill and Wilkinson, BRITISH COLtMBIA. .willfollowtothesamedirection,thusindicating, asinthe Contest for Speaker, who c a n be elected, it having been shown almost to a certainty who cannot be.TBS SCKIBS COSTSSIXDSEAT.lbs Committee on Elections will take up the contestedwouldhave supposed from all these fino speechesthat Broderick, in his life, was at least the peer ol Henry Gay. But it Is cheap to eulogize the dead, and we mu9l esti- mate the politician's praises from the measure wmch b e bestowsupontheliving. Andsothemostofthesehigh flown speeches over poor BrOtorick will go for little or nothing,beyondtheirproperweightssformalmsjuileeta-WASHINGTON, Feb. 15, 1860. THB TnUHTORT OF JKFTKRSOS.Mr. ADAMH, (8. opp.) of Ky., presented the petition of thedelegatefromJefferson,andthememorialoftheprovi' sional government of that Territory, asking that he be re-nola,Truman.Conventionpaidnoregardto it,and nominated tuaI operaticC* acclamation, after taking an tons s a l ballot, white * s fone way. Four hundred and thirty votes were caaenthusiasm was*: the wildest character, and a 1 passedtoinsistonnomination Theticketwa1as follows —Mr. Sickles, left New York for California, wnere hisResolutions bad unanimously passed both bouses of tbeLegislature endorsing General Barney s action to the San to * vote and Van Valkenberg was confirmed by n vote ton Convention. Hon. Thomas H. Seymour, of BanfceTthat publishers of newspapers be allowed to print on tbenominations for Bute officers and delegates to meCte*!*1*"question In favor of Defrees.There is some talk tonight thai Mr. Adams will lead off more appropriate to th e man and th e occasion thai the Mr. BROWN offered a reso'utice that a committee be ap- sermon in Victoria district church. H e proposes estab- Lapham, McGraw, Montgomery, Monroe, J. M. Murphy, Tbe resolutions have not yet been reported. Ge*iunmeasured laudations ot Baekin aad Hickman, the with the name or Mitchell to morrow, and that Ethertdge faacaTnl eulogium of Burtlngame, or tbe dark and unsea will rote to tie same way, with the understanding that sonable partisan observations of Morris, ot Illinois, aoneortwocabergentlemenwhovotedfor Defreesto-day strangerinUte gallery,ignorantconcerningthed c?*sedpointed on the inauguration cf the Washington statue. Objected to.adjourned.House mt KepresentattveS.lishing a first class collegiate school.There is no mining news of interestThe amount of revenue collected in British Columbiaduringtheputyearwag$300,000.Robertson, Sessions, Warner, Williams. Nays SenatorsColvin, Gardiner, Grant, Hammond, Hillhouse, Laurence,firing complimentary to tbe ssastetete* of Mr. tor Governor.A totter fromGovernor8eymourwas readand a brother, and with a moderation of praise much and fifty-four in favor of i t The Right Reverend Bishop Hill had preached his firstAbell,Bell, Connelly, Terry, Fiero, GOB, Kelly, Ketcham, tion of Stephen A. Douglas for PresidentI iBterestlnp; Intelligence Arena California,Manor's STATION,Feb. II,I860.ffWdnj.IstesxtatraetionoftlUsOBBnttt^ Butthe1'oatmasterbadnotbeen«"^^*j^.*:Theoverlandmailcoach,with»SanFranciscodatestothismorning.IttonowgenerallyconcededteatheonlyUnaed States Marshal, bis very test act was to establish Passage of ABill to iMhft the Franking mtttee, and * WUwiB be reported laaewew, « £ • * " » * as immeEse innnifaettey of counterfeit can. from tnary, he was promoted to the office of Depaf TJnited btatos MartLaiforthatcistrict aftertheseebaraa were made and proven. It had been a very hamwdve1 office for him.Betag Postmaster, he robbed toe mails; and being DeputyJanuary 23, passed this station at half past eleven o'clock yesterday morning, bnt in consequence of a severe storm of rain tbe tranamiseion of the news haw been delayed until nowCALlTOXiaA. JudgeMcAllister,oftbe UnitedSatesCircottCourt,onhopetorpreratatointhe investigating *g tbe letter tha Mr. Littlejohn said he oeea written.The discnsBion conUBoed this svening. Mr,argued in favor ef applying th* provtolusa of the bill to privateindividual companies aadthecanals. BeOregon, Washington Britian Columbia.Territorya a dthat tbe mine will remain closed until tbe United States Supreme Court-settles the title. Much regretto expressed that this great scarce o f wealth must s o long remain un-any more honest than the railroad men. they were tea ss anxious sa the railroad oawjBBtea' are to make money.Mr. Butler also argued in favor of applying pro rata to the conal foi warders.Mr. Littlejohn opposed the amendments. The oomneti tion with the carriers on th e canals was n e b that yon, Feb. 1», Ute Balsa*ofPower"partymettoea aBinghamtonte«aoratogai«e^etoek.aaa»jgnntoed by the appotexoea o f C 1 Freesaan, of Mr. WiorAix, (dem ) of Tex***, t ^ * 8 * ! " ^ tt« biD> tion. Many leading Lecomptonitos were msntfesang duced against the pre rate bill. H e knew that competi- gomery. M (Snorm**, s*d H . M. Coiher,The an ti-Lecompton State Central Committee adjournednew Musical Hall.Tbe United States Rteamship Saginaw returnedto SanShe behaved admirably, and her commander (Schenck) expressed himself perfectly satisfied with her movements.OREGON.The steamer Columbia arrived at San Francisco on thelearn anything of tbeprocessings,theOonveetioaana*Mr. Doolittle's amendment was rejected.theLaus,ortoatBxodvstotheSouthSenIdands,dtc. appointeddelegatestotheWashingtonCteveaaQa'The Houte printing is a sore trial to the republican spoilsmen of the House. They have been wrangling over it for tbe last two weeks, as the New York city democracy wrangie over tbe spoils of tbe Custom House; and from the two experiments made for a Printer to-day, the secondThe question recurring on tbe amendment of the com- 22d ult., with Oregon dates to the 18th, Washington Ter- its appearance around th e Legislature. H ethe WaahiBfftm r—~-C-J*' ^ papa persoSergeant at-Arms, 89—scattering 4, it is evident that there are still two or three of the republican coalition who have not yet been sufficiently persuaded to trust to luck with Defrees. Lutastheymaybepersuadedbyto-morrowFrancisco to a k e up his future residence in Oregon by tbenextsteamer,whichgivesacoloroftruthtothe rumor.A fire at Oregon City bad destroyed buildings belonging toMr.Harneyvalueda $20,000.The Oregoman has a report that Lieutenant Mullen's command had completed nearly three hundred miles ofStates Senator In May hext. Col. Baker was to leave San Executive session, and their clearing the room of a i but to-day. It h the largest and most enthusiast c SUMC*] abolition!*Manierre,P.P.Mnrpby,Prosser,Richmond, Botch,8pt- SecatoriMtdoithisCongressionalcustomInsue1c*see, COMMERCIAL. thenomination,aadfavoringtheeldticket.Bssiseat of Mr. Sickles first It will probably bo reached to- tions ot respect for his memory, somewhat overdone. morrowTbeeasetarnsuponapointoflaw,astotheAmongthegoodthingsprojectedtotbewayofpracti-habitantsthereoftocallaconventionantformaconsti-a17-3£ccognised as sueh. Also, a memorial authorizing the in- circle A crushed. Tbe trade buy all tbe refiners will Mil gency senators. The same democrats OillVOv^.l^iavor of confirmation last week voted to-aay, whilst two republican•xsaWABBsaVtot XaaWTGU'teersttry ef «afe-tfatfaaniei ft. Steven*, of aferhM I Jr«u«rw—Ool. Thomas H. C Kingsbury, of PracUtJ Comptroller—HoraceTaylor,ofVernon.Tbe Convention resolved itself tatolsstrictto nominate delegates to Charleston. They 1 generalconventiona halfpestfiveo'clock,and thefollowinggentlemendelegatesa large—vote for Printer.case of Sickles, he never having received a certificate. of this sort, reduced to practice in two or three Mormon Mr. Wnsos, (rep.) oi Ind., moved to postpone the TIFIED.—The unknown man found a few nights since on kicking them out and having the bed to himself. They H11L&electionhaveb*e issued,whichdoesnotreachtothe foreaCarsonTerritoryorGentilejury. Anarrangementwithstanding that gentleman has asserted tea he had THBRATLROADACCIDENTATYORKVTLLB—THEBODYIDEN- onlygonetobedwiththerepublicansforthepurposeofftnt Oongrettional District—Gen. James Pratt, ofI fitesaa- Samuel Arnold, of xeaddesnJaird—Andrew C Lfppltt. of New London. Jbnrta—Wilham D. Bahop, of BridgeportBy Counties-Col. A. G. Hansard, HartfordMnhton R. West, Tolland county; E. A. Russell, sex; Colin M. InfsrsoU, New Haven; WiihSm M.New London: Rufus L. Baker, Windham. Georal Peet, Litchfield; P. C. Calhoun,Farfiekl. •The Convention adjourned till half past seven o'closffThe CommitteeonResolutionswill notreportMI evening session. JA national salute was fired over fiov. Seymoc-riSale a f Vxtelalmed avmd Stolen Theninthsaleofunclaimedandstolengoodstoot) yesterday a the drill room over Centre Market, by 1of the Property Clerk of the Police Department.sales take place about four times a year, and eabalvariety of articles, ranging from a towsharp upsstlgg}. t w o 0 rmmm~t~t - J<—M • and always attract s miscellaneous crowd of secowl1cases, to tbe extent of hanging, will, it is thought, effect matter till to-morrow. the Harlem Railroad track, having been run over by a Tan Borax PKLvrnuG IXVBSTIIUTJOX. a Mormon exodus that will astonish all mankind We Mr. BOCOCK, (dera.) of Vs., had heard several gentle, train, was yesterday identified as a Mr. Turburty, a well The House select committee to Inquire into tbe printing, have no doubt of it, and we hope that Senator Greeu VJIJ men say that an election was to take place to-day. He known and industrious citizen of Yorkville, where hewere in session nearly four hours.S H W Y O R K LKGISL.A TCRK.Sea*te.ALBASYJ Feb. 15,1860.A petition was presented asking for the repeal of the towbinding and engraving business, in all the departments of the government, with instructions to report a plan for the future execution of such work, consists of Messrs. Grow, Queries, Smith, Hoard, Walton, Florence and Gurley.This committee intends to make a thorough overhauling of the diderent branches of business named, aad will no doubt report a bill which will result to a pecuniary ad- vantage to the governmentTBS AD3USBTOSOfKA38A9.A bill to admit Kansas, and a Homestead bill, were introduced in the House to-day by Mr. Grow, and duly re- ferred.TROtl'LK AMONG POSTMASTERS.Affidavits have been filed at the Post Office Department,push forward his bill.V H 1 K T T J I I X T H rlBgr BS88UW,Senate.WASHDCGTOJI, Feb 15,1860.The CHAIRsaid (the reading of the journal having occu- pied the morning hour) the first business was the special order,beingthebilltoprohibittheissueofbaiifenotesof a certain denomination in the District of Columbia.Mr. MASOS, (dem.) of VA, from the Harper's Ferry Committee, reported a resolution that the President of the Senate issue warrants for the arrest of Messrs. Sanborn, John Brown, Jr., and Redpath, who had refused to obeywished to know whether that agreement was only on one side.Mr. SIIXBMAN, (rep.) of Ohio, and Mr. IARKSDALE, each saidthatwastbegeneral understanding.kept a small store. Coroner Gamble commenced an inves- tigation, but owing to the absence of witnesses postponed it until this morning.SI-DDENDBATB—A man named Robert Ramsey, a cooper, intheemployofHenryHays,170Suffolkstreet,felldown dead yesterday, a the corner of Stanton and SuffolkCONGHJUSS,increasing the compensation of Judges of tbe Supreme lb* House then proceeded to vote, with the following streets. Deceased had frequently complained of a pain Court and tbe Court of Appeals- also to strike out the tenl!r. Wilson's motion wasdisagreed to.result :—Whole number of votes Neitessary to a choiceThe House again voted.The rt^uit was the same as before, except that Mr. Eihenug.- alone cast a vote for Gales it Seaton. If this had been thrown for Mr. Defrees ho would have beenm hla breast, and la supposed to have died of disease of the heart. The Coroner was notified to hold an inquestFALLTHROCOBASKYLIGHT Abouthalf pasttwoo'clockyesterday morning as Barman Feuchell, who has a roommAipleton's Building, was groping for his apartment inthe dark, be fell through the skylight on the fourth story to the second story, seriously injuring himself. He was taken to the New York Hospital by officer Porcbcr.per cent clause in the law relating to the State inebriate Asylum and excise money.Mr.MCLEODMIWHYpresentedapetition fromRichard M. Hoe and several hundred citizens of Mew York, to favor of comity among the several Sates, and asking tha Southerners travelling with their slave servants may be permittedto hold them in tbe State of New York for nine months.181 9189 Messrs. Ethericge and Gilmer voted forGalesand Seaton.Defrees Glossbrenner90vote to dayMr. STANTON, (rep.) of Ohio, remarked that he had siderable self violence in the way of chest beating, armJ. McLeod Mnrpby relative to District Cborto in Mewpaired oil with Mr. Scott. H e now terminated that ar- swinging and accelerated locomotion, were found neces- that the prices ol the printing would be so reduced that tion in the system. The tempeiature was not so veryinto an ecstocy of delight and kept her in a good eaJfor three months at least The principal attractionofc{Madame ColEngland Emigrant Aid Company, was discharged to-dayby the Brown Raid Investigating Committee of the Senate. Those voting in the negative were Messrs Bingham, rangement and would vote for„Delrees, having assurances sary to drive cold away and keep up a healthy circula- York.Mr.HOUSTONwantedto ask aquestion,but waa inter-GlossbrennerMr.ETQERIDGBvotedforGales&Seaton.The subject waa then passed over for to-day. Inpursuanceofanorder previously adopted, a largebe was compelled to allow the golden opportunity a prevail,whentheSraaKsatookthefloorandmadethe withoutbeingabletoimproveitnumber of bills and resolutions were introduced—anw g Italian patriots and other Europeans who sympathise with them a bill by Mr. Morrill, donating lands for the promo- their cause."following remarks —Six—1havelearned this morning from four orfive sources that this Bouse is to be influenced on thto awasshaa by a disbursement of money to tbe members. I haveTil*Exteaslve SeixareofJewelry l a g t o W e a l t h y Mexlcsua—The MUwtearasl t o U s e Claimant*.CKIT1D STATtS DIFfBICT C0CBT. Before Hon. Judge BetaFas.15—la*UnitedStatest*Packages,**• LargeQumntitiuefJewelry-Thisinteresting1 habeenreportedtotheHERALD,bemgagaincalled,The Datrict Attorney, ex-Judge Roosevelt, ad< theCourt,saidthaaiaoetheevidenceofMr claimant, and of bis son sad daughter, a wa qui** fied tha the seixure could not be mauttaisetl, asfresl wealthandpositionofthepartiestheywerefellyproperty and the profits on its investments. It never paid ing of blanks effected a radical change in existing tows. tion of tbe arts and sciences to the various Sates, and a PETTY SWINDLING BY 1 NEW DODGE.—A nun named received the information from such a source thattteno-Thereforehewishedforareconsideration. billforthepreventionofpolygamytotbeTerritories.the tore of anybody to the Territory, except its own Mr. WALTON, (rep) of Vt,offered a resolution, which Moore was arrested on Tuesday afternoon in Sixth ave-agents. It provided a method of Information to all The motion to reconsider was lost by yeas 14, nays 42. was referred tatbe Committee on Commerce, to inquire nue, charged with swindling occupants of houses by acuracytoundoubted.Irepeatit,sir,forIdesiretobe understood, that money is to be used by the opponents of this Pro Rata measure to Influence the action of members uponthtofloorinregardtoit Inavelearnedthaatot- terwasexhibitedinWallstreet,writtenbyamemberon tha floor, Baying tha if this measure to to be defeated $100,COOmustbesenttodefeatitwith. Themember who wrote t h a letter is within sound of my voice, aad knowswhetherthechargeistrueorfates. Str,Ispeak what I do know when I say tha money1s to be used by the opponents of thto bill to defeat it in tbe House. »fore, on the pert of the government, consent a » fortheotoimantBsadtbesnrrenberatheproperty.ABOLITION Of Tim FRAXKCVG FRTV1UKK. Mr.Gwis,(dem.)ofCal.,nowaskedtheSenateintotheexpediencyofactiontopreventtheimportation ofadulteratedteanewdodge. Heobtainedanumberofenvelopeswaichhefilledwithblankpaper,anddirectedtovariousbousea•migrants,sothatpersonsfromdifferentneighborhoodsgoingto Kansas could bepatintocommunicationwitheachother,andcouldbethusformedintocompanies. It•tee arranged with railroad companies for a small reduc-tionOftbefareofpersons goingoatInthesecompanies.A s Mew Sagand Emigrant Ait Company never bad any-thing to do with John Brown, nor with any plan for forci- or congress, and for twenty days before the meeting and tiement ol the claims of officers and soldiers of tbe Revo he bad made several dollars b y th process. H e w aMr. Qwa moved in amendment that daring the sessionblydisturbing slavery to anySate orTerritoryofthe P^Su^"*.!0?' S*A ^J00""0*". »bePresident:Vice i r Z r S ^ u ? * * . " *•*•*«•••*• a id members of Con-Mi Fy..MON, (rep.) 01N. Y., introduced a bill for the setIutionaryarmy{and thewidows and{children ofthose who died in tbe service; also a Pacific railroad bill. Re- ferred to the Committee on Military Allaire.held for examination.A JfVENius THIEF.—James McGuire,s Mr. Rosrasos (rep.), to reply .to an insinuation of theSpeaker,askedhowhe dared, with such knowledgeinhis possession, to continue thto debate until he had movedfor a comsnittee of Investigation. If his information were soreliableashehadasserted,howdaredhewithholdthe fullfactsandindulgeonlytotostonsrtonsTIfitwerenet andwereconsequentlynotsubjecttoday. Bevsta«her legislation was necessary it could bTdooe at aethertbeaortaofthecauseofKansas,becausehehalbeendrivenoatofKansas by violence. Mr.Collamer asked Mr.Masonopposedtheamendmentto tbe Committee on Commerce.Mr. RKYNOLUS,(A.L dem) ofN.Y., Introduced aler of 145 East Fifteenth street, was arrested yesterday andbroughtbeforeJusticeSteers,onchargeofstealing atvarioustimesseveralarticlesofjewelrytothevaiueofreliable, how dared he make the tiatonatten a all? W e* itatricktoinfluencetheactionoftbeHouseonthebill.Iftfi.itwasmostunworthy. Yah*nottrue,whyshouldit have been usedto stay the current of n debate on a t view of the case, but a the aaitoproceedtotheconsideration oftbe billtoabolishthe franking privilege. Agreed to.Mr. BffHNTON. (rep.) of Mass., Introduced a bill for He then called a these houses and presented the enve- theimprovementToftbe Tauntonriver,andaresolutionThenrstamendmentbytheCommitteeonPostoffices fb^Poa roads was that the law abolishing the franking privilegeshouldnotapplytothosetowhomitwasgranted by name. °instructing tneXommittee on Miliary Affairs to inquire intotheexpediencyofregulatingbyatowthetermof study of cadets at the Military Academy.lopes demanding two cento for each so delivered. Tbe moneywasreadilybandedoverbythepersonstowhom tbe envelopes we're add essed, they thinking they con- tained valentines. On being arrested h e confessed thatUnion. Conway stated that b e went to Boston, peea should b» allowed to send free mail matter not overin 18M,Where be made John Brown's acquaint- twoouncesinw«igbt Mr.GwmeaulltoeTobJecttfth«aace, to wll before tbe people of tbe North ~*5?1*»» a aheheh thefrAntenVprtVnen? If establishmentofabranchmintin NewYork. Referredin travelling wwh so large a quantity of valuable to teste and the property was clearly 1billfortheImprovement oltheHudson river nearAl-sew be came to be driven oat, and Conway proceeded to wa2i*50St?Ef W U W ° ""**• * • P o t t O®* Depart- bany, and a bill for the erection in that city of a Post $46, the property of his employer. McGuire oonfeesedJudge Bette said tha tbeCourtconcurred«te|,•eoatorDavisobjectedtoopeninguptbeold w h i c h o b j e c t i o n w a s s a e t a t a e d b y t h eswap'stestimonywasthus summarilyb i l l e x c e p t t b e f e w l i n e s a b o l a h t e g t h e t r e n k m g ^ v u e e VHewantedtoabolishthesystemtototo.Hedidttoetaogroundofpersonalconvenience.Hedidnotadvocateit toopeningorueattf-yingnewspaperssupposedtocontain asameasureofeconomy. Hebehavedthattfyousakad toe*Palt0flte£"*r*TB*0' ReferredtotheCommitteeon forcontrails wtibthefranklingprivuegekhSluteed Mr.JOHNCOCHRANEintroducedabilltoamendthepas-hethenandwasheldtoanswer.g A T x r v o r L i r e AT F i n s — T h e r e c e n t a p p a l l i n g c a l a m i -ties occasioned bydilliculties in escaping from largebuildingsdaringfireshasattractedtheattentionofseveraltogehioaspeopletotbesubjectofinventingsome League—ofacombinationofforeignerswhobedrates Averdictwaathenrenderedfortheclaimantsaaijmentof theheavyburdensimposeduponit "'vmn- Mr.HAMUN,(opp.)ofMe.,movedtostrikeoutalltheoffice,CustomhouseandCourthouse. MrDt-Ku.,(rep.)ofN.Y.,Introducednresolution,re-auienemeuttothebill? ItwasthedutyofiheSpeakertoshowtbefactobeforeheattemptedtomffnsassteaHouseb y s u c h a n i m p u t a t i o n . B e s c o r n e d i t , y e t n o t f o r h i mthanoblamecouldattachtotheomoers (Messrs BrownsadArcher)whohad madethessteere, b a d o n l y d o n e t h e i r d o t y i n t h * c o n n s t h e y b e d withrespecttomakingthesehmre. Iftbe<a youth 13 years of Mr-BRIGOS,(Am.)ofN.Y.,Introducedabillforthe age,employedasaboy-ofall-workbyMr.Chas.P.Schuy-1,fortheirownas*;sadnottorq u e s t i n g t h e P o s t m a s t e r - G e n e r a l t o c o m m u n i c a t e c o p i e s ofailregulationsor instructions tothePostmasters,assell, torhedefied saymaneventoinsinuateimproper motivesagainsthim,buteathepartefevery ssstainedanytroubleorinconvenienceitwastoet^was nominated for Governor, and eleven oat of taw*| of seventeen to thirteen, sa follows:—Yeas—Senators the delegates to Charleston are favorable to tbeactaThecargoesofcoffeeperIvichandOttowillunsettlethemarket for the present Since the departure o f t h e tostmail there is a further advance in pork: clear quoting a$17 75 per bbl., and $9 50 lor halves, and mess a $16 50.Thetradearenotbuying,and speculatorsareholdingoff.A spell of bad weather would cause a reaction. Rawsugaisarefirmer. Refinedquotedat12&0.m13c,for theyhavefinal1vconcludedtorepentandbecomegoodRe- forI*t*tnmt Cwrwor-jameiE.tottito,It will b e seen by the above vote that Senators Bell, Fiero and Sessions have backed down. Short meals and general partydiethasbrought themintothetreses,sadMr. RoTtn introduced a bill to regulate the tale ofhas not b*< n a single right good out-and-outer, »y which person shall sell or give the following poisonous sub- seventy Ave cents, which, in view of its former a*» taj k u u . f,people could get a decent sleigh ride in compensation forMr. PKVOR. (dem.) of Va, changed from Mr.Glossbren- the slush and ugly thaws. Cannot the clerk of the wea- regularly educated physician, whose name and residence created considerable excitement among a ass* m .The republicans shouted, "announce the vote."vote.Mr. GARSTCTT, (dem.) of Va,objected, and demandedin their calculations 1 its salts, delphuia and its salts, dlgitale* and its prepara- opinion, while their deportment bespoke a oorrespate .^tions, ergot and its preparations, veratrto aad its salts, contemptuous disregard of all social ooovectiai** w a time tlwFIRE IN EAST THIRTY-SEVENTH STREET—Between nine canabis mdica and ita preparations, under a penalty of They—the patois, not the men—brought about te;* sjartv fur IJ each. A spirited contest took place oetwoeala OB J T ' , u l *the yeas ana nays.papers as a favor to Brown, and held them subject Mr. CUIKKON, (rep.) of P*., moved to take up the bill Renewed cries from the republicans, "announce the and ten o'clock last night a fire broke out in the rear por $100.memberoftheHouse. He,too,hadheard01theCUato faulttonotmakingafrankiyoo could not get one mill reduction, nae^raaroad^d senger laws for the better protection and security of fe apparatus whereby an easy and ready egress m ay be and actually expended money to pat forward thispe tered to both cases, and a certificate of probable tIsteamboat linesakeeveryeentthatcanbegotfromtea m to 6 scheme:butbescornedtomakesayuseofthe' government,anditmadenoaifferencewhetherti^caTor*UiJISSf£''•* ^M*«be«llectlondistrictsbadinallcasesofdanger.Earlyyesterdaymorningaledgetoranenworthypurposeonthatfloor.grantedtotbeoffloers,whichwiUprotecttherovers fromdamagesCounselfortheUnttod8F. B. Cutting and Craig.TRIAL TBIP—flWAMUSGBMSKT O F .B.B.Cnytor,ownedbylredatonofmatteroratrunkhad. Tta^vertenSmaU . i-UWteaSates,andtodesignatetheportsofentry and delivery for the same, and weaattngthe wootacrowd of people was collected together In tbe Park by the to-mor route absorbed six hundred thousand dollars to carrvon ST,1 " i cuttPe»«««<»» of officers of*Ua^itonm?ah»a firing of cannon to witness a trial of one of these inven-n direct charge, but caby stated what be hat bawd. H • repudiated any intention to influence th * action of th House.Mr. Boavscx b a d nxritotsteod t h e Itwas onethashould nothave should b e suffered to stead spat tte thematone.A l i a farther debate, Mr. MBKBRT (rap.) port progress, with the vlew of asking a vestigaion.eftefSe&IS*!!!Pa., presented the reeolutloneits applicability t o saving life a fires to concerned, must pointed to investtgate the charges mad* b y)«f Fa, introduced an toternntional theaavaaaaa,flwb. I f , samahfp Florid* arrive* aTuesday.vening.andaberwhar'iby the Speaker, ft*waa opposed by thenight, no doubtUntitled DocumentTbe motion prevailed, s a d when the committee readily graduated.. But the whole conlrivance, so far as Mr. jAqcxs (rep.) moved tha a committee of flea 1be regarded as a failure^-f~lrst, tbe rope itoelf to llabl* to be burned_, and seeTMonTM< .j, even incase of ite re- maining intact, only very expert persons could manage tee descent with any degree of safety, and as for ladies, it would never do for them a all.Mr. SEAKLBB(rep.) moved to toy th* table.Motion tostAfter a very warm debate on raising a committee of to- nutee'psa four to tbe "n, Mr. CALUCOTTmoved a preambleto tbe largestesatogs Under th* Spitandthe'Boot TheTybeeafivet7 wyvention ever held to Cbntiecticot 4awJS aVOd<General Phelps, of Colebrook, was chosen Pressed, CipUinCaTbeConventionthenadjournedtilltwoo'clockchvtties, "cheap Johns,''speculativeyoungmen adais]ate Paul, y«*Fthto of9 t aprobablywBtojshaes,*sd wfitpreaeblya. laorntog. ThcCeytorwwjt&wsstwlgreat speed, and probably the nuwaw » byalBtftetooaateitoav ».wtteniTIC Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Ccasrotwww.fultonhistory.com 