 nex! Monday.whole not bein^ represcfotsdCJ0Jars ;«.'•>.ESS. .lowed that privilege, w « in the orgavsir.a'.tou of Wis- consinin 1»36. That was a <o*al revolition inour *'Territorial policy. Om-fa'>e*sh>rd never avowed thePinr.iiJKi.rHiA, Wedneeday; Mrfr.h28,18G0. Company was lost; aiJ'd, on motion to reconsider, was The fugitive.Blave c^sowasr?eumedtUamoroin!?. laidonthetable.and stockholders of the Company entered into a con-tractforthe purchaseofthe roadbv trusteesfortbe CorrespondenceofTheN.Y.Tribune.£1 of the"aor did rhey l>elieve thai tb«t were entitled w »xdr Hl;"'J the non arrival of witnesses. Tho request was not hBach sovareipnp^wer over the portion of land ^ R £ a granted. The argument of the caso then commenced, theyoccupied.Nevertill1^6,1repeat,WTM^joym- andau.?rit?ronclusionthefugitiveslave(Horner)wasit has occurred to me that a slight Eketch of the To reduco the capital of.the Partners' fjoari 'Xruat- of anew Company, in which the stockholders in the prcgrese of our struggle in Khotie Island might be in-Com]>any. old Company shall receive stock to the same amount torest-nrg to the readers of T H E TKIUI/NE. Never,TheNew-YorkCityTaxLevywapamended hy astheirpresentinterest,iuwhichtheunsecuredcred, since1842,hat?politicalexcitementragedaofierclyasat striking out the clause for the payment of judgsaenjfc. • itora shall .receive 3, seven per cent preferred stock foru*,, a port dfta memorial of tne pisaag© ofar>tedapetitionCommittee on I report on toe K'i:al co-aapenaa-t MihUwy Corn-er*forthewid- oi'the army of axultte*oa Pos- ited a petition ST,Pa.,askiagpp., Mich ), the IorderfornextTK.), tlie bin to pwcial order forOk note* in the x > c i a l o r d e r f o rthe Committee >r the relief ofpay of officers D being on Mr.>69d it on the i* Lieutenants, le service,phed at someK-J an amend- sii'snaatd. Ro-veea-ed an xa- It was onjoats ot the sorvice, id members of ignorant of the tgtrt it better to eicent of oars. >cr.y which was 3S tDem., La.), § i,b?X>; waiting^charging otheri .i a substitute .Navy $20 pt>r [ielphialawyer s/nended. He SJ that it could matter one of r.thcers of t h e officers of the,the method of dv-e a bad one,le Navy. ?ecl to.the, question le. ij-i aiL>dndeO,k's 29.red an amend- se nuval officers iaH"tjeheadofww opposed to ry *re to hare :u?esforthem. ca equality with sd.irie rigorsofin Nays 36. hen read a thirdFIVES.of the bill re- iry. suppressing ed St^tea.iibeobserved ary Committee an. two distinct Eposes to make utalltheTerxito- sd proposes to dia- Territory of Utah^y. Tho amecd- iPmuch of the bill nier poiygamynited States, a n d Mand aima'3 all >my. We have18*8 of Utah, re.^Jy reserved iitory; I have >r any bill toThere is noth- tSeright3of r- •erence to the <question as toentering crimi- uftheUnion uions altogether, ti.y Democratic erjierpolygamy initial that other iscalledinthe I therefore shall make a ipplicabie to ail si" the les3 hesi-.&>-, w e are not ', whichiscom-6 a law of Con-;re modes by raetice well de- demned by the(,: the whole otilly repealing a cace we adopt i open for us in her attach Utah put .Utah undertae citizens of o<j. I object to Territories are local ruiesand ion m additional ie other course, >ries, is open to is no Territory t be attached toaperior numbers., own views.. the Committee inderconsidera- wer.e Territoriesontrol the politi- Territory m the a now under in- lotting out Utah svU, and puttmg Aby that peopletotheopinionof Sir, that it is not >t any of our un-;eintory of Utah i ilation to controlem to Califoraia,dd refuse, a* sheto refoiMJ tJWm |em to *>meTer- uze a newTer- wbthem- \*OL>£ of Utah, vrrth by Congress as- >fthe Union,ormember of th« idaigence of the before the Cop- ied tomytoose,posed to that fea- >->ower to paw a jtory of Ut*h, ?*States. ! » » » ire calculated to ^ullygoforthe bi*a from ^oxtb.thus shown t h jevil. T h e third ut to annul andby Utah, render-its future leg*;the appointm«»eW }i*no?.softhetaitei rritorial ^ T ^ T tiiat establishei srritories nor&r, urdonace, t u e r was vested W the, . Wbe«-«ver„^ rvof five thousand et one ^ a n ^ o f ;li^utTemto.^3 tto brancne*- A *The New-York City Chnrtc-r Amendment bill. their debts and interest, and in which the mortgage present. Every element seems to have combined in District, Brooklyn* was hole/ W ' » * f ^ J 1 TM ^ 1 ' y?*h prai.chee" of the Ix>g.'»l» ?' «««„ whi^li the Court-House on the announcement of the Judge's To extend certain streets and to confirm grants fo debt shall be the present mortgage debt of the N. Y. one mad effort to crush, if p02&ible, KepublicarjiBm in. corner of E w « and Hfeeerole f*£***«> "*%'*•The counsel for the prisoner adked for the adjourn- The Grinding Committee reported* eeveral bills to be people o ' a Territory tu exerc'se a ^cvortigu power, ment of the cas-e until tc-iiioirow, in conftoquence of moved forward, among widen" veie the follow.'11?:,lieiiefilrof tbe latter, with the assent of tho mortgageP UJiZA mass meeting of the" X T n I f i TTnJ ^ 1 7pipfent Territory aUow^d to e'ect the^jomberj ot remanded to his owner by Judge Cadwallader.tar P. M.—Great excitement prevailed in the vicinitv of inches of the i^-slatare. 1.^*";;a'I the Scate3this Stole. Disappointed factions and aspi ants, the whole Democratic party, and vast wealth of the,I]nominate of E<fenond Drio-gs for C*. «J*or of Taxesthese pa.^fc(k their enreNge, or ft go**mb nt, conform- the«e re^rainrs of »beir ^orms of .gofw »jing their lawsthe Ordinance^rovemed. Ihey'g»Jlu due time they were admittoo asThe fugitive was then escorted to prison. A writ of To contiuue St. Felix street, Brooklyn, and to cloeo habeas corpus, returnable to Judge Allison to-xnoirow portions of the old Flatbush road.ing .nearly thi. "whoto interest affected by the fore- ing disheartened, have entered upon tbe crapaign were .German citizens. Ex-AlJerman Jxaer/ of theTemtorit?,but,asI boldthefloor bythecourtesyof. There was a mutinyamong thocrewof thebrigon Ihe Chairman of the Judiciary Committee (Mr. Nelson), the passage, but the mutineers were secured.the audience that if liquor-selling were aboJi&ded*, t h e1 will not take more time.Mr. NELSON (S. Am., Tenn.), who reported the hill, wisbtd 'hat a vote be taken on ir. to-day.Mr.BAJRJR(Dem.,N.Y.)Jmovedtolaythebillon the table, which wasnegatived, 19against 148.Mr. LOGAN (Dem., 111.) proposed a snbstitute, to - repeal the law establishing the Territorial Governmentof Utah:The-following are those who voted to table the bill:•—' •Whitehall street, to Bowling Green and Battery place, seem almost equally certain that an unconditional fore- mischief, in every direction, and it was"a great relief tothence to W e:t etree't, thence to Chambers street, closure would result in a total loss to the unsecured the good citizens of Woousocket when their unwel- places in the city where liquor was sold. To1 day, thence to Hudson street; also, commencing at thein- bondholders,and perhaps the fifth and fourth mortgage come visitors departed. The result of this affair has there were 8.000. At each 2 persons were employed,venders of sewing-nachines under the patent of Elias M«»». Bwr, Boalijcoy, Royc«, Branch, Horace F. Clark, Howe.jr.Among other Republicans from abroad who haveCooper lif.uultoa, .H&ttfcii). lin.dmaii, IJolruan. Houston, Me- Qiwen, McRa*s Monteomfry, Mooreton, (Ala.), Stailworth, T ay- 3oi.|V*llajidi:tbam, aad WinSiJow.The Kouae then passed to the consideration of other jbusinee?. without further action on the bill.obvious!v fair and just that it is difficult to understandOn motion of Mr. HICKMAN (4. L., Pa ) a resolu-, acid, alum, eulphate of iron, sdt, water. Th«re Wa» none of the extract of malt. Ha did a ot find a singla purearticleofbrandyinthatcity, "fv"biler<5adinghl» IectOreonbrandy,adealercameup"^'ithabottleand1 offered him §2,500 to show that there was -anything but brandy in that brandy. He analyze d it, arra found' nothing but whisky, rot-gut, corn-wl 'isky fusil oiltinderoathoraffirmation,inreferencetoaskingfor theimpeachmentofJudgeWatronsofTexas.• Mr.COLFAX(Rep.,Ind.;,fr.>mthePost-Offica Com-mittee moved toamend the Senate amendment to thebill authorizing publishers to print ou their papers thedate when subscriptions expire so as to strike out thenew seesion added by the !&hate and insert that here- Carstang-Shaw case to-day. Several depositions were after the total charge for,tbo receipt and delivery by read rebutting the allegations of misconduct on the carriers of drop letters in cities and towns shall be but pan of the plaintiff. The New-York and Charleston one cent. Adopted.the liabilities of Owners, Occupants, Architects and Builders.Mr. GUELL Y (Rep., 0.), from the Committee onPrinting, reported a resoluvion, which Wci« adopted, iufavor of .be printin<? of 5 000 extra conies of the re-port on "UTcommercial relations; atid aUo of the last and one of the counsel for the defense. 'The lie directw a s a bill appropriating publicvolume of the survey for a Pacific RaJroad by Gov. Stevens, oontainicg the Northern route.Mr.SHKRMAN (Rep., O.),from the Waysand Means Committee,re;>orcedabill makingfurtherap- propriations for the serv.ee of tne Post-Office Depart- ment.HeasVedleavetootlVraresolutionmakingtheLoan and Tariff bili the special order for Wednesday next.-Oppositionwasmad*",when hegave notice that he would call up the bill on that day.wass;iven,and.itisintimatedaduelmaybetheresult of the difficulty.7.Whetherthebuilding-hasbeensuperintended by sucharchitect during the progress of its erection, or whether he has MILK FREIGHTS ON THE HARLEM ROAD. with quick lime.. Considerable merriment Avas occa- only furnished the required plans and specifications and workingdrawings.The House went into Committee of the Whole on the returned to Frankfort, and the Lexington military State of tho Union on theArmy Appropriation bill.ipecificatiens have been deviated from, he is to state all the par- .Ucu'ara of such deviation or deviutions.'SKC 3. It shall be the duty of t!>e owner or owners of every building hereafter to be erected in this State, to embody, in everyconcert for the protection of their intereste.John M. Towner was called to the chair, and G. M.had a cork screw, bu1; he denied the impeachmen, t. At length the neck of the bottle wae broken oft* a id a baigo horn was poured out. Into thi3 litmus pape. r was dipped; it immediately became red, indicating £ »ui. Healsoproducedabeautifulblue,precipitateor pThe amendment to increase the amount for the Na- company did not go to Berea, as first reported. tional Armories gave r a j to debate, during whichNAYS—Messra. B. Allen, Burden, Barnett, Bixby, Brigge,Callicot, Chittenden, T) Clark, Coleman, Conkiing, Cook, Coon- written lease hersafter given to any lessee of such buildirg, or in Belden and Jonathan Cole were chosen Secretaries.Mr. HUGHES (Dem., Md) advocated It on thegiound that if there shall be a general war in EuropeElection of Railroad directors. PITTSCTTKGH, Wednesday, March .28,1860.ley, Cornelius, Crane, Culver, Decker, Dickinson, Dwight, Ells- worth, Emeiick, EvaDP, (''inch, Flagler, Fuller, Fulton, Garrctt-caioofaverbalagreement,toissueacertific»tetosaidlessee setting forth, all tho items embodied in sections'1 and 2 of this act.Itwasthenstatedthattheobjectofthemeetingwas—and such an event s*en>* pending—is may be impos-At the election of Directors of the Pittsburgh, Fortticket headed by Thompson and Cogg was elected by a thur. McFadden, Merritt, Morgan, Newell, Palmar, Pel'.on,wis-Mr. WELLS (Rep., N. Y.J d:d not bel'eve rne mil-Icnninm WSKat LaDd, bu».they should do all thej cou'td demand; Muscovado, 71^.8^ reals. MoHsraes dull andfreight on milk. The present cost of sending a quart YEAS—Messrs. B. Allen. O. Allen, Arcularius. Beebe, ed, where no architect shall imve been employed, the wndor of milk to the city from any station on saidioad,The Havana Su*'ar market was firm, with a brisk in br-Ti^iog it about, by gradually aiminisuing the ap- nominal; Clayed 3£,and Muscovado ^»'b-\ reals FBh'gham, Bixby, Bowman, Briggs, Burns, Bush,' Butler, Cad- and purchaser of said building siia'l.each employ an architect re-weil, Carter, J. Clark, Coles, Collins, Cooper, Cornelius, spocdvely. and the two architects thi-s omeiov«;d shall examine whether it be Chatham or White Plains, is one cent,A test for alcohol revealed uoue isfrom 19to26percent.A VO/CE—Did! yon ever know made without alcohol ?In pure port th «5n>of a n y port be 'bagH o w e l l Col>l> a n d t h e ]Pre*i<IeAcy. Jamaica, Flushing, and Kewlown, frcm the district.Wednesday of April next, to organize by the appoint- ment of a Chairman and Secretary.The Board are required to assign to each member thereof a certain portion of the State, as nearly equal as pof-sible, and in sn;h manner that, no assessor shall have afbigned to him the County wherein fie resides— toestablishrulesandregulationsforthegovernment of the assessors, and adjourn to a day not later than the 20th of September next, thereafter. -The several assessors are required to visit officially the several portions of the Stale thus assigned to them, to procure tne lequieite data for equalization; and to this end they are required to set down, by some brief description,"at least fifteen larins or parcels of real es- tate in each of the towns or wards of said counties (sit-David Travis.ACGUSTA, Ga., Wednesday, March 28, 1860. The correspondent of The Chronicle^ of this c.ty, indicates that the Hon. Howell CoL-b is a suitable can-Lof-t.The bill was opposed bv Mr. SPINOLA, andde-fended by Mr. ROBERTSON.Mr. MAN1ERRE moved to strike out tho J4tb sec-didate to be nominated for tee Presidency by the Bal-timore Opposition Conre^tion, intheeventofMr."Dongia* being nominated by the Charleston Conven- from thenext lowest rank. He thought the Commis-tion.sioners would be the best judges as to who were most deserving of promotion. The motion wc.3 lost.The bill was again made the special order for Friday mo>ning.The Franklin Savings Bank bill wa.s ordered to a third reading.. « _ _- * . — iK a i i s a sA TCHISON, K . T ., Wednesday, March 28, 1860.Nelson H. Barker, Repnblicin, w»j ele- cted8uper-P o l i t i e s .John A. Haldeman, Geo. M. Beebe, II. M. Moore,Rrsolved. That this Committee hold meetic?s for the transac-i viwr day before yesterday in Oseoniug bj r a majority tion of business at least every ninety days, until such permanent) of 84—The first Republican Supervisor ev' er elected in organization is effected.C. C Blair, J'»bn P. Hough, Ts-aa<- E. Eaton, ll*h~vi B. Mitcfeli. W m . Weet, C. K. Boldav, Robert Wil- sonJamesChristian,andCol.Simswereto-dayap- pointed delegates to Charleston by the Democratic Territorial Convention held in this city. Stephen A . "Douglas was declared the choice of the Convention for the Presidency, and the Cincinnati Platform WAS reaffirmed. The Convention was a stoimy one. Thedelegation i« unanimom-lv for Douglas.ASSEMBLY.Severalremonstranceswerepresentedagainstthe uatedindifferentpartsofsuchtownsaBfaraspracti-ofthejudgmentthatmayb*>recoveredagainstsuchownerasThe meeting then adjourned;JOHN M. TOWNER, Chairman.the town.—The North Caroiifta Citicen, .strongly urges tho delegation from *hut State to vote* agai nst admitting " PeterCagger and his Fiee-Soil clan" t',o the CharJea- ton Canventioxx It recites the treachery 'of that factum during years gone by, and favors the " Nationals," lor the purpose of getting Mr. Dickinsor 1 on the tictet.Iu the eiect'on for county officers on the 26cbinat. rSIXTH D A Y . Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.J •he entire Democratic tb-k^k wa^elected by 7.> majori- ty. Atchison City and.Townnhip «ave 150 Democratic majority.OnlyaboathalfanordinaryvotewasPHILADELPHIA, March 27, 18G0&;polled."!Vew-Jer«ey J><-moeratic Convesi- by Mr. MILLER'S objectior.iio:i.TRENTON, Wednesday, March 28, 18-10. The Democratic State Convention nr.et at 11 o'clock, tjr the choice of delegates to Charleston. There wasSBC. 11. Ifthe vendor and purchaser, owner, or lessee or The bill to divide the Sixth Judicial District of New- the assessment roll thereof for the year next previous, certificates of strength and capacity of the building sowere taken up, and non-concurred in by u vote of £2 Nays to 49 Yeas.The resolutions of tho Erie Conference, recommoad- ing a change in tho rule of discipline ou. Slavery,, a-j that it should read." the buying, selling, or traueforriug"of.any human being to be mod in Slavery." Th\n WHS non-concurred in by a vote of 1.69 againei 8. Much sensation existed, though very little doxaonatra- tion was made.can control the election," said The. Ha aid. Well re- pliesTheHartford Press.•"Theyaretodothebusi- ncfxfor us—tbe jobbing houses! It is all a settled thing. The State is to be jobbed like a lot of "dry goods. B u t will "Extended-Brandy! Whitlock a n d " company be able to take the dry goods ? That is the question."—The Herald calls Mr. Buchaauu " a ripe politi- cian." HehasbeenhangingintUwindandsunloug enough to ripen, saya Prentice.— The New-Haven Palladiu-KA-r^y^ nc,. m o r e t h ^ a just compliment to the young mo> of Connecticut when it says, it is one of the most gratifying evidences of a sound and wholesome public opinion, to wituees ihe great unanimity of the young wen La the Republicancause. Such a body of yaung mon as the " Wid*A wake»" present, forintelligeuce, energy, dpchdon a n dmorning,hasbeenservedonMarshalYost. /,«r*ev.—Ten of the attempted rescuers have been committed to prison by the citv authorities, viz: ninewithanearnestnessandvigorwhichhavedisappointed Sixteenth Ward was cJiosen to preside. Speeches«f ?* FrfJTbev are"now 83me of the most ma<?mfi- negroesandonewhite man. The Unitsd Stateshas FremOurOwn Correspondenttheir enemies, and justify the confidence with which they look foj ward to a decisive victory over the motlevS S t ^ e s 5 « A Union. Under the new system£ 2 « 2 2 X in 1836, when Wisconsin was intro-pent in a writ of retainer. In the mean time the fu- eittve awaits the action of the State Court on the writALBANY, Wednesday, March 28, 1860. CITY RAILROADS.The proposition has also received the assent of a fested the utmoet zeal and determination. Large and in the German language. The meeting vvaa very «n-? S d f w e hfve bad the Territoiifs of Utah and j of habeas corpus.X w S s and these Territorial Governmentsliar©given more trouble than all the osher| Itisnotyete'eterminedwhetherthefugitivewillbelarge majority of the 3d mortgage bondholders, and aenthusiastic meetings are held daily in all part3 of tho ;thosiaetic, snd was not adjouYned unt/f nearly IIF r o m Kostoxi.BOSTON, Wednesdav, March 28, I860.Later from ThesteamshipIsabelhasarrivedKey West 25th.The shin Sarah J. Hyde from Mobile, bound toHavre with cotton, put into Key West 2.1st, in distress und leaking. Schooner R . H . Daly from Jamaica for New-York, put into Key West 18th, leaking.Nos. 8 Astor and 2<i Fulton^treot. • Litmus p-iper was instantly changed by it to red.SENATE....ALBANY, March 28, 1860. Petitions were presented for the location of tho CityHall in Maditon square, New-York;The bill relative to foreign insurance companies-wasordered to a third reading.BILLS P'ASSKD.To incorporate the American Zoological Society,To p'-ovide for the more certain punishment of frauds by bankers and trustees.The bill to amend the Metropolitan Police aU wassession.8KC. 8. If the lessee or occupant of such building has eitheraltered the construction of the samo without the consent inwriting from said owner, or if he lias placed, or 'suffered anyother person or persons to p)a".e greater weight in. any sucn cessful, the following resolutions were unanimously building, «r any part theieof, than is stated as the capacity of. :: No. 24 .Fulton Etn et, and No. 8 Astor Hcuso, : > 1 New York. ".bill allowing debtors to free themselves from all fut.u.^re.. liabilities to creditors by a voluntary assignment of all thnr present effects.A large number of bills Were reported favorably bythe standing Committees. Among them, one to confirmthe Ninth-uvfcuu& R dlroad franchise: to authorize thelayirg out of the northern portion of the City of New-York; conceri/ing the Commissioners of Emigrationcable), and in conformity with the rule prescribed by herein before etatedsection fifteen (originally section seventeen), article SKC. 10. If any architect or architects shall give tho certifi- two, title two, chapter thirteen, part one of the Re- cates mentioned in sec. 5 .-'"' this Act, uud ,naid building shallJONATHANCor.K.)c„ ,.• G. M. BKLDKN, J Secretaries.Yojk was ordered to a third reading.Mr. COYER moved for a Committee to investigateand to be added or deducted accordingly, from suchsold as provided in sections 4, 5 and 6, he or they shall be liable in tho same manner, and to the same extent us architects by this A ctSKC. 12. Whenever it shall be shown by competent evidenceHavana. fromHavanaand: • :PORTO S B O R N E .A. A. SAMANOP," ~ :: :vmmKSBBemnsNEW YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, fffillRSDAY, MARCH 29, I860. 5• +—?^Z'JZjr^=m-first instai.ce in which any incipient Territory waa al FiiiladeJpJiaa Fugativo §?ave €ase. The bill to incorporate the Long Island Steamboat and 5th mortgage bondholders, unsecured creditors, THE CONTEST IN RHODE ISLAND. Tbu, came from 165 preashore and appointaae/ite, ouly_.- P M M i c*N»-riiat ot ft the tali, . f % & £ " & £ * « decision. A large crord, chiefly composed of negroes, land under water in the City of New-York, made fiJi d E. R. R. Co. Offices ware-opened for assents to ihtir traiairgreceived their tram:rg under w j / 0 h i o > I n d i a ( U i t asie'jabled, and, on eye fugitive being taken to a car- April 17, 1857, and to extend, the term of office of this OB'tract simultaneously at New-Yprk, London,and Aceeeirments; Edward O'Neil, to* impairs and Territorial Govexd^ent- ^bev » Louisiana. x.age, they surrounded and m&de a desperate attemnt New-York constables to two years. • and I k r*in» aD(i assents had been received on the 12th Sf-'ragues, ate all combined in one decrperate attempt to Supplie?, a^d Charles Tinney, forStreet Com^-safoner. Ilbioia,Michigan,Ten^-^Mu*vy,*ridH AU cf atrescue. Thecarriagewasbrokendown,whenthe ,ToauthorizetheMethodistEpiscopalchurchesof March(?>.;ccewhichtimeassentshavebeensomewhat canytheState,andsecuretotheDemocracyandtheir PrevioustotbeopeningofthemeetingboofireavrcnrMijaonri, Alabama, Aik<jj*a?, porti°'» of it, atdtr police interfered, and arrested twelve of the rescuers. Brooklyn to sell the cemetery lauds.nated George Coggsweil of Bradford and Timothy through and along Fifty-ninth to First avenue, along has already received an assent from the parties in- great' many to the true character of the mass of theof 80,000 drinkers. Suj.pos-ing each of thtwe plaseato tell $3 worth per dav; tEat would amount to $£-^000 per pay,"or $8,760,060 per year.DrlCoxstatedthatbewassirnplv (hs-iMpectorof Hamilton County, including the City of Ctnciniaftti. During the last five years her had made 2,o79;aualy3©s. • Of these, but 350 were genuine, xr*d 259 .vers mixed. All the balance were adulterated with such things "ae sulphuric acid, prussic acid., etryesnine, stramonium, pepper, &c Lately he had examine d eome-20sampW« iu Philadelphia. Onesample of beor gave salphurh?terested so large thatit maybe regarded as unanimous,secures all parties in their rigbtsyand at the same timegives assurance to the unsecured creditors that, if therood shall be able from its future earnings to pay in-South, thence to Montgomery, thence to the terestonitsdebtto them afterdischargingpriorobli- cometoouraidanddoneus good service-hwe,JohnThe bark Isla de Caba, seized as a' slaver several junction?? of Front and South streets, along South tj gations, they will receive it. The bill is altogether so L. Swift of Boston, who is deeervedly a great favoritemonths sixce. has been condemned as such by Judge Sprague, of the U. S. District Court, after a "lengthy hearing.Winn delegates to the Chicago Convention.In the United States Circuit Court, an iniunction has been issued against the agents of Geo. B. Sloat & Co.,First avenue to Twenty-third street, thence to Avenue A, thence to Fourteenth street, thence to Avenue D , thence to Houston; thence to Mangin street, tnence to Grand, thence to Corlears, thence toSprague party.gateselectedtotheStateConvention,tobeheldjin thiscitytomorrow.«,alaw: ANACTforprotectionagrinstinsecurebuiWinjrs,anddefiningaudienceseverassembledinRhodeIsland. TheHon. HenryB Stanton ofNew-York gave ua oneofhis most eloquent and stirring speeches, which was re-Tlte Carstawg-ShawST. LOUIS, Wedneeday, March 28, I860.this State, it shall be the duty of tho architect thereof to issue to the owner or owners of the same a certificate of construction, which certificate shall set forth:1. The location and size of the Paid building.Case. Nothing of great importance "was elicited iu thealong Front to Old slip, to Whitehall street and South Ferry.ALBANY AND SUSQUEHANNA RAILROAD.When the bill appropriating $600,000 ($200,000 per annum for three years) to the Albany and Sasquehanna Railroad Company came up on its final reading to-day in the Houce, the question was raised whether it was not a Two-third bill. Mr. Robinson expressed a de-cided opinion that itmoney f o r a privaterequired a vote of two-thircs of all the members elected toeachHouse,tobecomealaw. Soamotionwas made to refer the bill to the Standing Committee on theTwo-thirdandThree-fifthbills,toreportwhether thiswasnot properlyaTwo-thirdbill. This motion Was lost, and the bill was put on it3 final passage, and lost, 57 to 62, as follows:YEAS—Mefrpra. O. Allen, Amtlan'us,man, Burns, Bush, Butler, Co.dwcll, Carter. J. Clark, Cotes, Collins, Cooper. Couchman, Crocker, Jbarcy, Dorsch, DoHOIS,Thurston of this city followed in a highly acceptable and truly forcible speech. The Democrats held their first meeting the same evening, .which, though well at- tended, fell far short of ouis both in numbers and en-?v nitric ether, and pepper. But he didn't ^ Tet tee $2,500. A gentleman by the name of Proboec©;, <tfudge Probas- co, told himthathiswifewasindclicai eheclth,andwitnesses were also brought on the stand to impeach the testimony reflecting upon the moral character of Mies Carstang, her family, and' associations. Angry personal remarks passed between one of the witnesses3. The purpose for which the building has been erected.4. If astore or factory, the amount of pressure each floor will sustain, in pounds per square foot.5. If a building designed for the use of public assemblies or meetings, the number of people it will hold in each part of it.6. What parts are fire-proof.enthusiastic audiences in Bristol and Newport. He is doing good &ervice in the cause. Depend upon it that, if earnest and resolute determination and vigorous ex- ertion can secure victory, Rhode Island is safe.TlaeI-ateLOUISVXLLK, Weduesday, March 28. 1860.SKC.2.Uponthe completionofeverybuildinginthisStateit shall be the duty of every builderto issue to the owner cr owners thereof a certificate setting forth1.Thelocationendeizeofthebuilding.- 2 . T b e n a m e a n d r e s i d e n c e o f t h e a r c h i t e c t b y w h o m i t w a sdesigned.3. Whethersuchbuildinghasbeenbuilt accordingtoplansandCorrespondenceofTheN.Y.Tribune.BREWSTXBSJ Mareh 20,1860.•sioned bysomequestionswhich agentler*anintbe audienceasked.•Hewasaccusedofbeinganitnseller.Troubles inKentucky.TheHansonmatterhasbeensettled. Itwillbeim- possible to get reliable information concerning it before to-morrow. Nobocy was hurt, and the excitement hasB<*ebe, Bingham,Bow-A meeting of farmers engaged in sendiug milJc to the-c i t y o f N e w - Y c r k b y t h e H a r l e m R a i l r o a d w<ie h e l d a tBrewstersonthe19th; Therewereabout 300 of theDr. Cox said that he pronounced the liquor im pare; TheNew-YorJeercommencedsuitforit,butw.Wde- f e a t e d o n t h e g r o u n d o f t h e i m p u r i t y o f t h e i i q u o r ; H ethen proceeded to analyze a bottle,"the label ou "v rhichpropn»T,on for firearms. keg. Freight-* slightly declined. Exchange on Lou- Couchman, Crocker. Darcy, Dorsch, Downs, Earll, Fisher, each building a:.d i;-aue joint duplicate certificates, one to the Gibbs, Cover, Hall, Harris, Wubboll, Jones, Johnson, <?. Kelsey, purchaser and one to the vendor.and this was regarded by alias a most exorbitant charge, when compared with the charges on all other articles of freight carried by this road, and also, with the'freight on milk to the city by all other roads. And even at this high price the Harlem Railroad Company donotholdthemselvesresponsibleforthelo«gofcans, or even provide a suitable plan in Now-York, or at aDy station en the road, for the reception or protection of either full or empty carts. The loss to the farmer from this source alone is a very heavy item.Mr. BOTELER aaid if the increased sum were not den, 121^14 F ceu't. Premium on New-York, 2iFo7v R. S. Kolsi&y. Kennedy, McCiuado, Mather, Maxson, Merselis,I £ o g a n . ruif', Yevry— f>~. «ither of tbe parties may riraw up duplicate certificates setting NAYS—Messrs. Barden, Barnett, Callicot, Chittenden, D. forth all the facts above required, which shall bo signed by both TORONTO, C. W .; Wednesday, March 28, 1860. Clark. Coleman, <"oj'k:ins, Caok, CoonU-y, Crane, Culver, parties, and one of the suid certificated shall be retained by theThe Government has finally taken step3 to investi- Becker, Dickinson, Ellsworth, Emerick, Evans, Finch, Flag- vordor and one by the purchaser of such building.Roosevelt street to Old slip, thence to Water street,thence to Whitehall strees, thence to Coenties slip,thence to Front street, thence along Front to White- hands of the Assembly.and has spoken to crowded audiences, deserves no^ce. His eloquence on the stmup is too well known to need any eulogy of mine. But the great meeting of the campaign ^so far was held iu this city last evening.The Constitutional Union party was inaugurated lost hull street, and in Bread from Water to South street. PROTECTION AOA.INST UNSAFE BUILDINGS.tion wad adopted authorizing the Judiciary Committee evening by a meeting of about three hundred gentle- Also along Houston street from its intersection with Mr. McLeod Murnhy has introduced the following Howard Hall, the largest hall in the State, was dense- to send for persons and papeis, ana examine witoesses men in Music Ball'. Speeches were made, and.dele- Avenue D to Goerck street, thence to Grand strert, bill in the Senate, which it is to be hoped will become ly packed by one of the largest and most enthusiasticMiller, MilUken, Moulton. A. A. Meyers. (Melt, O'Rourke, • Felteu, Perry, Pettil, Pond, Regaii, ftidor, St. John, Se-.rles,Such certificates shall set forth all the items required in the certificatementionedinSection4.premium.Mr.KILOORE(Re>,Ind.)paidtherewasnoneces-TlieDisappearaneeofJT.Sheridan Vermilye,Loorhecs,Walsh,Wcbiter,Whipple,Wiley,Wood- forthepurposecfprocuringthecertificatethereinmentioned,voted.1'.would beaharder blow on Harper'sFerry tban the John Brown m»d.SKC. 6. If in thecase mentioned in previous section of this SliT.,"eriend, A. Smith. W . M. Smith, Speaker, Stilson, Varian, act the sailer ruid purchaser shall prefer not to employ architectsDr. C<J-\—O, yes,- I have seen men aclniowie* P*g9that they made it without alcohol. Dr.Coxnowexaminedtheportwhichhadlxtested with chloride of barium, and pronouned it i iid- phuric acid.The neck of a bottle which bore the following lal ! »€i,' printed on bine paper, WH»(hen broken oil: •rity for the appropriation. No hostility was threatened from tbrrad, and the only threat was of an internal difficnlty.Mr. BftteJer's amendrcont to increase the appro- priationfrom$350,000to$100,001)wasrejected,47 against 7J.TheCommitteero?e,aedreportedthebilltothe JHoufeewithanamendment.AdjournedWitlKtruwal of Howell CoJ>!> from fl«e ^re»i<I<*«lial C a n v a s s .Mif i>Ki>ci:viLLK, Ga.,Tuesday, March27, 1860. • A letf-r frcm Howell Cobb is published, in the course of which he says: " I must withdraw my name un- " cpr^itfooary from the cinvasS, and this letter is " written for the purpose of announcios' to all who" /eel ao interest in the matter, but pardculariy to the " delegates from Georgia to the Charleston Conven- f* tion, that I aavo done so.'*ler, Fulton Garrettson, Oray, Holcomb, Hoskina, Hough, SKC. 7. "Whenever any damage shall hereafter be sustained bygate the matter of tha mysterious disappearance of J. Sheridan fiogan, Member of Parliament for Grey. Fears are entertained that there has been foul play.Republicans in Soman, and Democrats in Italics. NEW-YORKLEGISLATURE. Thisenablesthe friendsof thebilltocallitupand pot it on i s final passage again any time during thetaken up this evening.Mr. LAWRENCE moved to except the towns of pointed are required to meet in Albany on the fourthAlternates—tion, wluch provides that promotions t>ha!l bo madelast said aggregate valuations; and the total of such the management of the Inatuution for the Bund. aggregate valuations thus increased or diminished, inu lar^e representation. Andrew Datcb'er was an- Adouted. the several towns and vcards in any county, shall rep- that th.e falling of a braiding cr any part thereof is owing to im- peVfect mat«nala or workmanship on the part of the contractor,TX)inted temporary CLainnun. Adjourned to 2 o'clock. Mr. MILLIKEN made a majority report againtt the resent the relative value of the real esf,ate in JBUCII and where it shall »1BObe shown- that the character of the mate-At ihe i&lrnton maw, the following delegates Senate law, eo ae to better eecure the payment ot county, as compared with the other counties of therials und workmanship have been laid down iu specifications drawn by an architect and the construction designed by tbe same, such contractor shall be liable for the whole amount of all judgments that nntj be recovered against the owner of such ouiiding by any person or persons for damages sustaiued by reason of the talliii-^ of such building or anv part thereof; but inclaims for services or labor against the estates of de- c*ase<2 parties. .Haona fcecowd-DavW N«r4 0«or*eT. / o i * « ' ^ f t i » » the biil. , • DouirhtT. Albert R. Sw-or. Kourth-Joj-.il Huyter, Robert A motion to agree to the majority report was lost,State,"to be valued in like manner.W . Wall, and John C. tliffertj.C^jr^i^al-YS^t Dietri^Jein L. Sharp and SunnciThe Assessors are to receive $5.per day, for actual Mr. CALLtCOT made a minority report in favor of services, and necessary traveling expenses.The Providence Conference resolutions ralatiaf * to the same topic, were non-con<Kirred in by 17(>agairra 11*2. •case of tfrft absence of .drawings snd specification's fromu.com- The Cincinnati Conference resolutions failo*r of con-JHaiDihon. Kif:»>—Sam'l "WV^t(X)tt, Jaoob V aoVMale. Resolutions were adopted as fellows:The firH denounces the Republican po:ition:n Con-gress, a* disiegarding the provisions of the Constitu- tion for the protection of slave property; the second jjays the Constitution mu/t be sustained, and areidy observance of the laws enforced to prese; ve the L'n'on; the third asserts that Federal legislation ou Slavery uhouid be limited by the Constitution—all that_ instru- ment gives should be accorded, and all that it with- hoidh should t>e denied; tbw fourth »ays it is the duty ofeveryStatetoprotectitself'agaiostinvasionby fanatic.!-,' and to puniHh offenders in an exemplary man- ner; the fifth j8 in favor of the Fugitive Slave law, and in favor of the sopn'vr.'uon of th» slave-trade; the jjixth leindorses the Cincinnati Platform, ard says we will consent to no unauthorized interpretation of it; theseventh i* for a Tariff by wise discrimination in favor of home manufactures, and says the Government should, for public uses, favor oome product*; the eighth re- commends Mr. C. Alexander for Vice-President; the ninth recommends the delegation, ori all questions, to cast a onited vote; and the tenth says the Administra- tion of Prewdent Buchanan has beeu statesmanlike,and ooi^ervutivft.Mayoralty Sfomixiauoja. PHir.AOKi.PHiA, Wednetday, March 28, I860.John Bobbins (Administration) n*» been ooaiitiated bytheDemocratsofthiscityforMayor*34 to 40. • • , .„ . .. Mr. CALLICOT spoke in favor of the bill, when theminority repott was laid on the table.The Governors of the Alma-House department sent in& communication courting an investigation of their afiiurs. •Mr. COOPER moved for a Committee of Investiga-tion. Ladover. ,-,.«. The privileges of the floor were extended to Jbx-Gov.WashingtonHunt.The afternoon se.'sion was occupied in the consideralion of the claim bills in Committee of the Whole. ^ At 20 minutes before 7 the House took a recess till /.EVENING SESSION.The House convened at 10.minutes past 7 N o quo-rumpre'enf when Mr. McQUADE moved a call ot tUThe&yaHeries were cleared and the doors closed.such judgments. •SEC. l.i- Nothing in this act is to be sa construed us to relieve*owners, builders, or architects from any duties or respphsibilitiea at now cstablitbed by-law.—A Norwich (Conn.) correspondent furnishes us wi'h an account of the Republican and Democratic gatherings at that place on Saturday evening. The latter, in order to make a show, furnished nine hundred free passago tickets to and from New-komion. Of course,therewasatremendousgathering,withcorre- sponding excitement. . T h e Republican, meeting col- lected to hear Mr. Corwin numbered about two thou-An order wae niade on the Ceutennary Fan^dfov over $400. Somareports, & c , were received,.but iV.e only business of interest beyond was the eIei>tion of dele- gates to 'the General Coaferenc'e, which, occupied the remainder of the seaoiou, without any annoaucement of the rewilt, »a the tellers weva out counting ballots at the hear of adjournment.Members were brom;ht to the bar and excused.. Atiiib"callwaaSuspended Itsoonbecame.evi-mortgage,amountingto$4,000,000,isoverdue.Thear- Southernordersfor.Connecticutmutiufaciuresco&tiuue. rears oi interest upon the third, fourth, ana nftn mon- as plenty as ever.cages amount to about $800,000, and tbe principal oithefourthmortgagebondsj-ialsodahnadtDbeaue,.'•-nt that the House was in a bad temper.Mr. FLAGLER moved to take up the Appropriationbil; probation Hiihe Conference, and two*persons elected The malignant disorder, which has sometime sinceto Deavon'e ordere.Anotherprominentfeatureofthemorningwasthe 1attackediheUerdaofMr.ChenoryandhianeighborsatNorth Brookfiold, is steadily pursuing it* ravages. It delegates wiii have their revenge in fleecing the people Soojaty of this Conference, which ahowod us follow/- has appeared in Spencor, and much alarm i8 felt in thoSevSal motions were made to adjourn, and lost, the making the matured liabilities of the Company about vean ii»d nays being called. _ rrABi*i, Tt. eight millions, without taking into account the principalThe bill to amenfl the General Life and-Health In- ot the fourth mortgage. , ,—TheDemocraticdelegateswillbebadlyfleeced'byfcurance act wft» passed. • •# .Several members then went m to kill bi.la.The bill to amend the iuw iu relationtodivuicafei-.ctfi was lost..tbe 4th and 5th mortgage* for toiaclosure m Aagaat last; but after these suits were commenced, tr>.e 4taThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069flidatc.Amount paid in thia year.. Amount paid in lust 5t-arJnrritn:*;.$80,911 30 " 29,502 W)i«3,398 41adjoining towns lost, it attack them in turn. W e shall shortly publish an article upon the subject, embiar* what is ut present known of the terrible neat..and.localpurpose, a n d thereforeREPUBLICAN. gallon of whisky, to give it age. To destrt »yt!S«r fusil oil,eulphuricacidwasaddedjtowhisky,iu*xmitactioncreditors.Tine contract contempliitefi tho organizationPROVIDENCK, March 27, 1860.MEETINGS,incieased) ^'0TM the stockholders, unsecured creditors, fe.'Jies at least a temporary triumph. Notwithstanding made and fireworks sot off. About SWporsons weroand 4th and n , b E n g a g e bondholders, as follows, be- all these ^pnoeing elements and untoward circum- congregated La the hall, a goodly port'oa 01 ?rhom v e (stances, the Republicans of Rhode Island, far from be-Amotiontoadjournwasthencarriedunderacallof closure: •the Yeas and Naye—51 to 37.$M.~3,400ou£er a total of $H,000,000 5.910.OPO out of » total of 6,900.000were made by Jiidge Palmer, Judge-Rossitor, Edraond Driggs, Bernard Q'NeLI. Mr. Lynch, Mr. Ward, and John Raber, candidate forAlderman-m the SixteenthStockholders.'.Unsecured Creditor*Fifth Mortetge Bonds..., l,28a,0(»0 •• •' about 1,600,000Fourth Mortgoge Bonds.-. 3,540,000 •• •• about 3,730,000 host of their opponents. Everywhere they have mani- Ward. The speech'of the last-named gentleman wasThe Chairman of the Assembly Committee on Cities niajority of the 2d mortgage bondholders have signed State, and addressed by Kepub icans from abroad o'clock, closing with a're.-*olot?oii' to meet at the pods ap^*>ersignifyingtheirwishthatitmaybecarriedout. and by ourowncitizens. TheHon.Abraham onTuesdaynext,toelectthenomineesoftheDemo-Territories of the Union •pot together. I am in pent, to Virginia in definnce of the wi^t, which is issued and Villages this morning reported complete the fol- This !*ul is asked for by the trustees of these credit- Lincoln has spoken twice—once at Providence, cratic City Convention.favor,tJen,ofrfctuming-tothissystem,t*iatworked copnsclaboutthematter. AformerMaT&balwasim- so well in reference .o Me earlier Territories. When- prisoned several days for refusing to ob'e>r a similarever a people occupying a Territory ahow by tti*^ mandate. It is understood that Judge LudiOW, tbe conduct that they are not fit for self-government, I colleague of Judge Allison, refused to grant the w r i t -Fourteenthstreetandotherstreets. Seventh avenue and other streets. Avenue D and other streets.Mr. D . j-o?e to reply, but at t&at fr'me Mr. Walters them the right of redempfc:02 (for one year after fore- ast occasion, a large number of tho Republi- was ejected from the room.by the State Court. The Marshal intends consulting lowing Railroad bills:ors and stockholders, and the trustees under the mort- and once at Wooneockct, to crowded and mobtgaceejointly—.Messrs.JamesBrown,DudleyS.Greg- enthusiasticandie-itces,and haslefcbehind hima AtthecloseofMr.DtigTgs'sspescb,Mr.WALTRR* ory, and J. C. Bancroft Davis. The bill authorizes most enviable reputation alike as a speaker and a (Republican) desired to tonow how he stood on the these trn?tees to organize a new Company, and gives statesman of profound and liberal views. On the temperance question ?closure) for the benefit of creditor and stockholders, cans of Providence? went up to Woonsocltet," tohave no hesitation in withdrawiog from rheca the priv- In tbe attempted xeacue of the fugitive, with the e x - Tt nth avenue and Forty-second street.ilege of pelf-government, and taking it into the hands ception of the negroes snd a few whites, there seemedHouston street nnd other streets.C e r f a i a s t r e e t s a n d a v e n u e s ( N i n t h a v e n u e , & c ) . ThesameCommitteealsoreportedabilltoauthor-i n c a s e t h e r o a d s h o u l d b e p u r c h a s e a !>v o t h e r p a r t i e s . Italsogiveaallinterestedpartiestherighttobecome partie3 to the_contractfor sixmonths afterthesale, and limits fhs issues of unissued bonds under any ex- isting mortgages to the issues of the 3d and 4th mort- gaged. The object of retaining the right to issue these bonds is, that the second mortgage, which is a maturedh e a r h i m — a l l e x c e p t t b e s i n g e r s o f t h e G J c a C l a b paying their ownfare. Nottobe outdone, theSpraguepartyhaveorganized similar excursions, which, by dint of an unlimited distribution of free tick- ets, they have swelled to- respectable numbers, tint there, unfortunately, the respectability esds. On the l»st of these occasions about a thousand went up to Woonsocket, where a large portion of them devotedMr.'DRICGS said that he supposed" tbe tox'-payeri w o u l d p r e f e r a s o b e r m a n t o a n i o t e ' m t f e r a t e o n e . H e was,however,opposedtoall"legislationsupontemper- anceorreligion8questions.o f t h e F e d e r a l G o v e r n m e n t . I t i s u e e l e s s f o r u s t o b eettmalhdabblirginthedirtywatersbelowthespring-head. Letusrepealthelaw'stheyhavepassed,which&»e shocking to the moral sense of the country, and letns make enre that no future laws of the kinu shall bepassed by controlling the law-making power. Let uapnxifj the fountain-head, and then we shall have nomore trouble with the laws that flow from that fount-ain-head. I had designed, Sir, to express some views the Congo River, by the U. S. eloop-of-war Porta- a railroad, commencing at the intersection of Tenth terms of the trust. Without such a provision there is the period or their stay to making night hideous with of liquors, in.the Cooper Institute;, before an audience of a more general chfvrncter, in reference to the pro- uouth, has arrived here. She has no slaveB on board. avenue and Fifty-ninth street, and running thence along great danger that the property will be sacrificed for the all the riotous demonstrations which a crowd of drunk- of 70 or 80 people. prietyofCongresstakinguponitselflegislationforthe Lieutenants Brown andTyler broughtthebrigIere. TenthavenuetoWestTwelfthstreet,thencetoGreen- secontfmortgage. enrowdiescaninvent. Drunkenness,obscenity,and WM. jE.HODGE,esq.,inmtrod*cfog the lecturer,t o b e a g e n e r a l d i s p o s i t i o n t o a s s i s t t h e o f f i c e r s . re:cueisAereinalargeminority.T h e•izet"?econstructionofa railroad inSonfch,West,and othe:- streets, which wasreferredtothe Committee ol the WboJe.Capture of a n Alleged Slaver- NORFOLK, Wednesdav. March 28.1860.This bili incorporates Chas. W . Durant, John Sutler, Robt. JB. Van 'Volkenburgb, John A. Cook, James C. Kepnedy, and J)e»j. F . Bruce,with power to constructPOISON IN Li^troRs:'Dr. HTRAM C.-tt, Cbemico* Iropoctor of Lkpfors forThe bng Virpinian, Capt. Lynn, of New-York, an alleged slaver, captured on the 10th of February, inOhio, gave a lectwre last evening-, on the adulterationwichstreet, thencealong GreenwichstreettoBattery Itisquitecertain that the companycannot, iu its profanityruledthehour. Theusuallyquiet streets'of spokeofthecoldwaterwhichwasalwayuthrown-on place, thence to State street, thence to South Ferrv, to present form, manage its matured debt, and if would the village were filled with this riotous crowd, ripe for all temperance movements io. this city. H « reminded.liability, and in suit, may be liquidated under thepolice might be also. There were, :sj<&r agtv 7,740 TheRepublicansoftheVllthDistrictto-davnomi- tersectionofTenthavenueandFifty-ninthstreet, bondholders.Theplan-proposedbythisbill,which beendecidedlybeneficial,andhasopenedtheeyesofa andatleast10personsdrunkdaily—-anakinganarmywhy it fhould receive any serious opposition at thethencetoMonroestreet,thencetoJackson,thencetoFrwt,andalong Frontto itsintersection withSouthat Montgomery street, thence along South to junc-tion of South and Front streets at Roosevelt, thence SKCTIOX 1. Upon the completion of every buildirg erected in ceived with unbounded applause. The Hon.Benj. F .2. The thickness of the outsidw walls, of the foundation andpartitions,.together with the materials of which'they are respec-tively composed, and also the materials used in covering the roof thusiasm, Mr. Stanton has also spoken to large and or roofs.was advised to take a spoonful! two or t hree times a day. The Judge was aleo in feeble he altb, and he begged the Doctor to analyze it. H e ft mud a great quantity of sulphuric acid and proeaic ac id. It was well known that the prus-r'c acid came 1 roni imerry laurel. They generally put from 3'to 5 0 uncas in aenfrely subsided. "The latest dispatches ridicule the Earlt, Either, (libbs, Govnr, JJaU, Harris, Hubbell, Jones, C specifications furnished hj such architect, and agreeable to his farmers of Westchester, Putnam, and Dutchess pres- bore the name of A A. Samanos, printed, andth e writ-wholeaffairwithoutexplainingit. Gov.Magoffinhaolyehey, ft. S.Kelney.McQuade,Mather, Maxaon, Mersslis, Miller, Milliken, Moulton, A- A.'Mycrs, Odcll, &Rourk«, Pajne, Perry, Pond, Regan, Rider, St. John. Sling6rland, A. Smith. "W. M. Smitb, Speaker, Parian, Vermilye, Joorl.zes, Walsh, Whip- ple, Wiley. Woodruff, Yevry—57.contractforbuildingtheBame,nsfarasmaterials,workmau3bip, tenwordsDarh Qtord. Therewassousedifficultyin and mode of construction areconceined, or in.casesuch.pl «MSand ent, and all seemed of one mind, and ready to act iu drawing the cork. It was suggested that Dr. M i&rth.pible^for os to remain nn.-ompromised;. hence the neces- Wayne, and Chicago Railroad Company to day, the scn, d a y , Holcomb, floskina, Hotfgh, Jukway, Jaques, Jeffords,to obtain in some form a change of the tariff on milk, f-iateof iron, indicatir),-?, as he said, prus&ic acid- He which is now eo high as to be oppressive to the farm- tlicn tested, for fusil oil, without results.erty of having a sufficient supply of arms. Mr.SPINNER(Kep/,N.Y) knewo;'hi3personal knowledge that arms can be manufacture?! cheaper at private than public estabjitfhmoatf, and therefore wasin fivor of striking out the entire appropriation. Mr.BOTELER (S.Am. Va.) thought Mr.Spinner had bnt 'ne more step fo tike, and that wasto razeour for>ifications and ha«.i! down our Hag.Mr. MORRIS (Dem., 111.) concurred with Mr. Spin-ner, andkdid not see why wo Khould have national ar- mories i>ny moro khan national hat or tailor,shops.verylargemajority.Jennings, Jewell, Jewett, Johnson, Kennedy. Kortrtght, McAr- Pettit, Plumb,Powell,Richardson,Robinson,Savage,Scatles,H. Smith, J. M. Smith, Stilson, Tuber, Taggart, Tucker, Van Horn,' Webster, Williams—62.Republicans inRoman; Democratsin Italics.Mr. Johnson of Delaware voted for the-billj'-but sub-sequently changed his vote,sothathemightmovea reconsideration; so there were really 58 votes—seven less than the number necessary to pass the bill.Mr. Johnson moved a reconsideration, that that mo- tion do lie on the table, which was carried—67 to 50— a8follow8:SKC. 4. Upon the.letting or leasing of any buildhjgin this State,now *"rect*»d or in con>se cf erection, or upon the letting or leas- ing interest. It was also stated that a bili had been Next a bottle bearing the following label•CHARLESTON, Wedneeday, March 28, 1860.in«ofanybuildingtobeerectedhereafter,itshallbetheduty of the owner and lessee thereof to employ,each an architect to exnrnirj" fai»' building which two architects shall, upon such ex- amination, issue to each, tho-owner and lessee, of said building u certificate setting forth,1. Thelocation,description,size,andmeteritdscomposingthe building.2. Its capacity to support weight per square foot on each floor. 3. Whether tne same is flre-proof, and, if so, to what extent.A. If a building for the dse of public assemblies or meetings,how many people it will hold with s&rety in each part of it.SKC. O.fln csae of the sale of a building already eree'ed or in course of erection, or in caw of a building hertaker to be erect-noticed in tbe Assembly by Mr. Palmer of Dutchess, which had for its pbjeot the reduction of the charges for carrying milk by the Harlem Railroad to New-York City.Several gentlemen then expressed their views as to the best mode of obtaining fair treatment from the Harlem Railroad Company. No one recommended harsh or violent measures, out advocated an effort to obtain in some manner a moderate reduction of theopened:V" :VOICE—Would it have the same effect* upon a mi m''s EOP3 ?Next the Doctor poured 1 little into a solution 1 of chloride of barium.anyporsonorpersonsbyreasonofanyinjurytoeitherpersonorproperty, caused by or resulting from the falling of any buildingor may part thereof, heretofore constructed, or now iu process ofconstruction,orhereaftertobeconstructed,theowherorownersliams—f0. .. _ ofsuchbuildingatthetimeofsuchfallingshallbeliableforallthatapplicationbemadetotheBoardofDirectorsof damages to the person or persons sustaining the same, in caseJakwaj, Jaques,Jeffords,Jennings,Jewell.Jewett, Kort- rtght McArthur, McFadden, Merritt, Morgan, Newel), Palmer,/ Pluirb, Powo'l, Richardson. UobiiiRon, Savage* Servis, H. Smith,J.M.Smith,Taber, Taggart,Tucker,VanHorn,Wil-Some proposed applying directly to the Legislature for the pasaage of the> bill already noticed, or some otherthatwouldsecuretheobjectdesired. Others,PaleHarmony Sherry, 10; FromEQUALIZATION OF STATE TAXATION. •Mr. Conkiing gave notice to-day that he would atsome future day move to suspend the 28th rule in orderto make the bill to amend the act to equalize the Statetax ambDgthe several.counties of the Stato a specialadopted:Resolved, That a locol committee from each Station on tho Road be appointed to circulate and obtain signatures to a petition to the Legislature for the passage of a law as proposed.These Committees were thus appointed:Resolved, That a Committee, consisting of the following gen- t'eixen, be appointed to visit Albany for the purpose of securingA test with litmuM'paper disclosed acid.order. The bi'l proposes that, in the place of.the preo. to any p tt of such building than the maximum allowed in the certificate given: him by the owner thereof, then, and in each ofent three State Assessors there be appointed by the such cases, such lessee or occupant ahull pay to euch owner theGovernor and Senate fora term of three \cars, Aseess- •ore—one from each Judicial District—whose dntyit shall be to equalize the StKte tax. The Assessors eo ap-full amount of all judgments recovered against such owners for the liability mentioned in Section G.SKC. 9. •If the lousee or ocenpant of any such building shall not have done or Buffered any ot (he acts mentioned-in Section 8 of this act to be done, and if such building shall not have b^en altered by the owner thereof since the certificate mentioned in Section 1 was given by the architect in said Section mentioned, and if such building or any part thereof shall fall by reason of defective construction on the part of the architect, such defect- ive construction being positively proved in the plans, specifica- tions, and working drawings of Baia buildings, and if it shall also be bhown that the lulling of tho whole or any part thereof is not owingtodefectivematerialsandworkmanshiponthepartofthe contractor or builder erecting s&id building; in case such con- struction was superintended by euch architect, and it shall ap- pear_ that such building was not of the slrength stated in the certificate of construction of the same, then such architect shu>l be liable to the owner of such building to the amount of sliy and all judgments that may be recovered against such owner upon any liability mentioned In Sec'ion 7 of thia A ct in case such building or ui>y part thereof sbiilt fail within ten years after tho giving of such certificate of construction. But in case such ar- chitect shall not have-superintended the construction of such building his liability, as aforesaid shall be oxio half the amountthe pasiage of said law:' r<Vom Westchcstc?—A. F . Dickinson, John Jay. Wm. H. I. Howe, E. J. Carpenter.From Putnam—T. H . Theal, Y . M . Belden,Alternates—S. A . Townsend,' George Robinson. Morgan Horton. From Dutchess—Wm. Ketchum, Jonathan Akin. Alternates—Benjamin F. Arnold, Cyrus Tweedy.Resolved, that the various local committees, as now consti-tuted, form one general Committee until others are appointed in their stead, and that they bo inftructed to return their petitions tothisGeneralComrritteeuta-meetingtobeheldatBrewster's, on Thursday, the22dinst., oud.that this General Committee be empowered to take any action they may deem expedient to ad- vance the interest of those they represent.Resolved, That said Committee he instructed to report at the next public meeting a more perfect plan for a permanent organ ization.vised Statutes, shall carefully ascertain and lix the act-ual value of each of such farms or parcels according to .their best judgment, and enter in two columns opposite each respectively the actual valne thereof, as thus ascertained and fixed, and the value thereof, as entered on the town assessment roll of the nextnot have been altered silica such certificate shall have been given, and such building or uny part thereof shall fall within ten veurs after the giving of such certificate, and if the occupant or lessee of such building shall not have doneor suffered any of the Acts mentioned in section 8 to be done, such architects shall be jointly and severally liable to the owner of such building to the extent of one-half of alljudgments th*t may be recovered against such owner, by any person or persons for injuries sustained byPHILADELPHIAANNUALCONFERENCE.andtheMarineHospitals;.relativetotheplantingof previousyear;andtheaveragepercentageofdiffer-reasonol'suchbuilding,oranypartthereof,unlesssuedElders was resumed, and those on theoysters in the State, and to preserve the public peace on Sunday.ence between such values in eacn town or word shallbe deemed the true average percentage of differencearchitect or architects chuil prove that such building fell by rea- son of some defect in the same*not in existence at the time of his or their giving ruch" certificate.Wilmington, ocrats,andhenceitisntce^arytoseeuro4hevote-of Eaeton, and Snow K511 Districts passed vnthout. the>4Am' tion to put he Sunday bill foward WHS defeatedto be reckoned on the aggregate valuations of thewhole real estate of such town or ward, as entered on either of them upon the sale of Hitch building shall issue • representation in the Gtneral and Annual Conferences, under the influence of the New-Yoi -k jobbing houses,WHAT THK SENATE Oil).The.Senate passed the Schuyler County bill (fixingthe County seat at Havana) to-day. discussed Pro-Rata Tariff and made it the special order for to-morrow evening.THE NEW CITV HU.I..The Senate Grinding Committee have the N e w CityHall bill under consi o'erat ton, and will probably grind it out.nKOJtCANIZATION OK THK KUIE RAILROAD.A bili haB passed the Senate for the Reorganization of the New Yoik and Erie Railroad Company, with a viewtotheprotection,asfar.aspossible,oftheun-secured bondholders and the stockholders of the.Com- pany. The facts in the ca?e appear to be that there are live dilfcient mortgages on the road, amounting inpetent architect, be sfcoli be liable for one-half the amount of currence by >bo against 17..the aggregate to between eighteen and nineteen mil- sand, filling tfce largest hall to overflowing. In spiteDr. UurbiuP. iVoaaibr-T.- djodgsonT. C. Marpby... , •:?, G. Thompson*ISO WlttB UA*JLOT.It* Wm.CQoper „ 95 103«uch injuryoccurredwithoutfault or negligence uponthepart theCompanyforareduction ofthefreight onmilkso: : *CnoitTt HAVAXA SKOARH,Ard Dealer inWjue^. Brand'"*. Cord>'a1n LoDdon Porter, Alos, Sauces, and Pickles,of tbe oeTson sustaining such damage, his agents, servants, or employees.at least three-fourths of a cent per quart, and. for some arrangement by which tbe farmers can be secured againar, tbe loss of cans. 15nt, as applications for relief from that source have not heretofore p toved very suc-such building in the certificate accompanying the lease, or if1, in case of a public building, he shall have admitted more personslions of dollars, and unsecured bonds to the amount pixearly *7 000,000, upon which there are arrearsi duetothe amount of about $1,1.00,000, and priucipal to theamount of $2,200,000. The principal of the eec o n d for three thousand Republican majority noxt Monday. 204; the whole on the second,. 187; the whole on theof all the efforts mad© by the Administration, our cor- respondent say8 we xuxy put down Connecticut as safeThe whole number of votes, on the first ballot wasthe Charleston bot.el-keepesa, but, says Ihreutic*, the Proceedings were instituted by th* bondboiiora an- with a tw.«iuc«d p'utfoyis mm a uon-committ.eiteuu.-reading of the report of the Treasurer of the MiamouarvUntitled DocumentThe examination of the characters of Effective' Perui«ybrania, that paper cousiders, is lost to the Do*n-arreet of any. New-York, " which Mr. Dickinson c in probably." The Oregon resolution?, relating to a modified -Bay '—"The manufacturing interest, with tho aid and'SEVENTH DAY.Pwn.ADKMMHA, Marc-fr 28, I860.The great feature of the sewion was the election of firmneee—can scarcely bo equaled elsowhero. It i* DelegatestotheGeneralConference. Thefollowing' worthajourneyofahundredmiWtoseethem,emu-were elected:VIKXT BALLOT.third, 184. Alargenumberofyoungmenwesereceivedonlous, resolute and patriotic to discharge their duty. AU the wealth of all the brokers ami jobbers of N.ew-York could not purchase them, were it put in. the handa of the sham State Committeo for that " SPKCIAt PUU-POJ2."THK CATTLK. DlSTKJiVKK IN MASSACHUSETTS.—••• -s. wloj 115 J. CaBtie ..108;»KGO»r> BALLOT. ..152 FT. Co/chwer::: Importerof '. .::: '. ; ;A test with chlov'de of b'trium, the Doctor c*id, showed a considerable quantity of sulphuric aci d.Somebodv inquired about Longworth'8 wim as and brandy, q'he Doctor said that he had analyz ed thAt which was pure, and also that which was sadl yadal- terated; especially be had found a. large qua':it:iy of copper. The Doctor f?nid that he had all the 1 jocks— Laconr's and Feuchtwanger's. For one of t' henx>he paid §25.Dr. Dcdge, in conclusion, said that liquo r dealers had confessed these adulterations to him.W K«*TCl-JESTER C o — A t t h o ToWXV cJftCtiOF on ToesA.A.SAMAN'OK,•day,atMorrieania,Wm.C!aldwelI•, Anti-IDemocrat, was elected Supervisor. .ecompton OBwww.fultonhistory.com 