 *"**ir*i M ^*..ofourGermi 1to have maderence, said that them proceed*** had now arrived at the tea* statute. It is not annisaiij should be obtained by tbe prisoner,fourth day, and it was the firs* Ume that the unfortunate intent w m to create a ehmn It w aocumd had a ommm to my M iem before the Jwy, who Itwunotnecemsryforthejury to decide.eutsfi_-M|liOs'OTW YOBK HTOALD, M^At*, J1BBUABT 20, 186©. by theBOBAB.,1Jjunt,widowof1, to abort 83M00taf the matt buildings, wntenhave prodeced.has had her day, and most yield to that mmtasbta craving after novelty whtdi a the distinguishing trait of oor N e w York audiencesThepresentweekpfomtemtobesquallyfruitfulhisub- stantial results to the management. To-night" Lucia" is to be repented, the ptoaeere derived Cram hearing Petti m this her best rdU nothavmg as yetworn itself belowpoint. The opera of " Martha'' te hi coarse of re , and will probably be produced in the course of fee week. T h e little prima donna will, it is said, make another hit in this ptece, her rendering of the popular melodies contained in tt being quite different from that ofherprertsBomaia,andcharmingaawellasnovelinitsef foot There te to be another grand German night, whenFlotow's yetnoeveninghasbeenfixedforitsrepresentationThe Seventh Regiment, National Guard, gave a grand concert at the Academy of Music on Saturday evening, in honor of the inauguration of their new band. The instru- mentalperformanceswereunderthedirectionofSignerThe relatives and fi ion flu o f the family a r e respectfully invited ito atiead his funeral, this (Monday) afternoon at two o'clock, from h is residence, 800 Pearl streetDosavAS.—On Sunday morning, Fob. 19. a t four oat bar mother's rssiiimce, Newark, S . J., JPLUM "an, daughter of Mrs. Do.uavnn, No. 8 Sreene atreet, New- ark.Tbe friends and relative s ere respectfully invited to at- tend ber funeral, from St. John's churen, Newark, on Tuesday morning, at half p.tat ton o 'clock.Ems —In Huason City, M. J., on Sunday, Fab. 19, Jam Esrsifl, wife ofJoseph Buns, ST.,aged M years.The relatives and frieads of the family-are respectfully invited to attend her funeral on Tuesday afternoon, at one o'ctook. from ber late resid ence, Hudson Cfty, N . JFORD—AtBoston, on Friday, Feb.17, Col.NATHAXIXL FOOD, formerly of Dorchester, Jtarn., ta tbe "1st year ofwm i M k dby Franca B Bathewsy, boot and _ WHbadlydantogedbymangledSeveral others werein-aninstitutioncapableefbeingdefrauded;that,therefore, the defendant should be acquitted.The Court declined so to charge,and counsel for defence excepted.GRAHAM—OnSundaymorning,Feb.19,MrsBUDGST relict of thelate Henry Graham, tar the tBd year of berThe friends of the family, and thee-oi" her son John, arerespectfullyinvited to Attend thefuneral,fromber lateresidence,88Ninthavenue,onTutodaroAernoon,atFullyiklmcota. B D .,allanoe dealers» tbetnmodnta localityofte« damage bywater. Tou:of the wall fell out- CartorandCharlesEbiy respected •—ban of the fire Be-IBthirty«si•!••bothbodiesweredocfromGreatBritainbeforetheMagnaCharterwmgranted,liable beingsetapartforhername.eacbleaven*wifeandthreechildren. tarn*allinchesofmowfaildatardayafternoonandThejuryretired atnquarter past twoo'clock,and,-having been in deliberation forabout fifty minutes,came lffto Court with a verdict o f "Guilty.'' The accused two o'clock. did not manifest any feeling of agitation.dear and oold to-day.TIM ••rpw'i Ferry Bald.,t < Kraid. arekept in theclosest oononement Stephens awtbe teeto BMre cheerful and resignedthanhe everto be, and remarked yesterday that the con ofsanbiIfInagoodcametosnffletentconso- ls Tory lo w spirited, a n d declares h e sassiinnnitalypreferthewildsofKansastohtepresentE a s t w a r d . Boaros, Feb. 19, 1M 0.St. Louis and New Orleans raspers please copy.BBJBWOID—On Saturday afternoon, F e m 1 8 , O m s B , Gnnrwoij), aged 87 years.Therelativesaadfrtendsofthefamilyaretavitodto attend the funeral, on Tuesday nsonamsj. at eleven o'clock, from the residence o f hie-eon, a E . Oriswold, No. 827 West Twenty second street.ILuxiBt-BTOsi—InBrooklyn,on Thursday. Feb.18,ta the 13th year of her age, MAST fames, eldest daughter of tbe late James P. Halliburton, of Portsmouth, n . H.Carvtth bast wtti come throogh tomorrow morning. - nod not arrived atsis o clockMOUTLB,Feb. IT,1MO. J4I1 milniMr 00 New York is at par.QncAOO, Feb. I S , I860. Sajktdrafts m New York t per cent premium fin* cursty and 1% psr cent premium for gold. M a r k e t s .eam.AWsri.r-Hl A 8TOCE BOARD. PULADSXTAU,Feb.It, i860.der it m every respect the cynosure of the aerrice.The fourth concert of the Brooklyn Philharmonic So otety also came oil o n Saturday evening. Notwithstand- ing the inclemency of the weather, the Athenaeumwas crowdedtoitsutmostextentofaccommodation,therenot being even standing room in the passages. There had been some idea of securing the services of Mile. Path for this occasion, but the difficulty of obtaining a place suffl otontly large to hold the large addition which such an at traction would make to the already inconveniently nu toerous audiences of th e Society formed a mam obstacle totheproject Thisembarrassmentwillberemovednextsentence they sat down and actually wrote a confession of AN Ati.KfiEP McRDExnu os n ix HIGH SKAS.—A m an nue, at half past twelve o'clock.any t e a on their part to deserve it, areto bedamned, dowhat they willtotry stt avert it. Men of that behyf thought that one could ommt whh impunity alltheami of toe catalogue, and S£! be saved, that repentance w a s useless, and that any soman m their pert was bat thrown away, aswhatwasH be wouid be that God became the author ofthe of one, and the oalvaiton of another, without it. To arrive a t a oonclnstnri, n o wonldto describe the 1lisiarsars of Godandofman. MMhasa (reewill of lis own,andeondowhatever tomes, whether good or evil, but b e also has the power b baxaf Gsd to grre him grace to fly from all eviLag of the rapidity of thought, h e said that our con- wah God was nke the totegraph; that every that loaches the moral wire here was recorded in and entered either for or against us. Wmtom, /.power and sanctity comprWed the land'the character of God. W e can never withwith a conscientious care and reverence that only Ger- can feel where the worki of their illustrious country- are concerned. The duet "En Aura d i Pace," from me •'Masnadieri,'' was most effectively given b y MadameUaxxanigaand Mr. W. H. Cooke, the young American tenor, for whose future successes such high expectations are entertained b y t h e critics. Madame Gaxmniga was in snperb voice, and gave great delight to h e r hearers b ytheCooke ateo acquitted himself entirely to the sa tisfacUon ofto sum up for the prosecution, and commenced by a re- ference to the thirty nine indictments found against tbe prisoner; he w u not actuated by any malice or vtn- dictivenms in the performance of his duty, and believed that the prisoner had committed double the number of frauds that there were indictments. H e ( t h e District Attorney) declared hisintention totryevery indictment m the "case, until he obtained a conviction on one of them, and when that conviction should b e obtained, and the prisoner on his way to sufler that sentence, then he would abandon the other indictments After some further remarks, Mr. Watorbury said that in this case the prose cution were to prove, and he would contend that they had done so, the existence of the Fulton Bank u a corporation; second, the keeping or the book by that corporation,,in which the talse entry w u made; third, the entry by which tbechum onthe Dank w u made, andfourthly,the making of such entry with the intent to defraud. Coun- sel then proceeded to contend that all these had been Clearly proved by tbe testimony in thecase, and submit- ted that in hia mind the prisoner's guilt was clearly esta- blished , and that h e had made t h e false entry with intent to defraud, allthe surrounding circumstances went to show his guilt, and however his unfortunate position is to be regretted, y e t tbe law must b e vindicated, and b e (Mr. Waterbury) w u not actuated by any personal motives in this case. H e fett only that h e should perform his duty upublic prosecutor, and acted in the present charge u if It had been made by a private individual who w u wronged instead of this public corporation. Counsel then wentover thetestimony,and aiiudedtotheconfession thatA.B.Deanbeingamyth,andifhewunot,thede- fence would certainty have called bun as a witueas. Mr.DrswlngD ot France, Broadbents Si Co/a DelawareLotteries—Sum nx COBXTT—Quas 42, FXBROARV 18, I860.47, 25, 30, 4, 28, 7, 72, 33, 48, 38, 39, 46. GsAif D OoasoLWATsn LoarsxT—CLASS 8, FXBKCAST 18,1880k 49,50,17,22,75,27,67,12,«6,42,39,37.POWELL.—At tberesidence of bis brother, 174 Neman street,Brooklyn,WILLBT,sonefJorvteandSarah Powell, aged 21 years and 10 months.Hte remains will b e taken to Farmingdale o n thte (Mon- day) afternoon, b y t h e four o'clock train.BEHXT.—OnSaturdayevening,Feb.18,Bom, widowof RichardJ.Beilly,inthe60thyearofberage.Her friends and relatives, also the acquaintances ef her son, John J. Keilly, are respectfully requested to attend the funeral from her late residence, No. 244 Cherry street. Notice will be given in Tuesday'Bpaper of the time and place of interment.Sag Harbor, L. L , papers please copy.since seqnired a eighei repi m a , than any other diureticboth in Europe and A a * atnmToiof5,000 Active premv ncO of the city.On Friday)ofore a New York audience, in I grand refe », aaosf rhsstme pvenesi st JMm dawxhaaadden hmanemttm,the resultofthe puMlc were dteappointod of the He week, however, an opportunity willled them of again hearing the great lyrical fro, who, judged fairly, has been one of the moatto, or to note debtor of the bank -the amthe intent to defraud the bonk. The jury a right to Ban street, A. C Dnmxa. aged K years.take into consideration t h e confession to The funeral w.'U take place t h a (Monday) aftornoon. a tos, Tub. 19, MM. tta trie cork^ hair and mrk Co., No*.48commited against the tew, and that the ptowonttonwas to regard it. The Court w u also asked to charge that if Home Journal.Him with being the cause of the evils whichwe tore we have made oar own beds and mast he tomm, Abn warn allhisknowledge, does not know him•* tot he'need notdoevil, hebeo a mind of hte own.set Hat at a noble thing to man. If we had of his work, which was a decided success As maybe ants sower to do good or evil, there would be noDSLAWABR—EXTRA CLASS,MO.83,FBBRCARY 18,1800. 72, 32,4,80,42,11,29,5,26,28,67, 24.DRLAWARB—CLASS Mo. 84. FURUART 18, I86032, 46, 75, 58, 43, 44, 11, 74, 62, 48, 33, 39, 66.Circulars sent free of eharge by addressingWOOD. R P D T A CO., WilnUaaton, Delaware.late residence No.2K9Sixth avenue, corner street,this(Monday)aftornoon,at oneo'clock. mains will be taken to Greenwood.Fifteenth There-judged by its title, it is purely Italian in style, and is re markabto for its graceful a n d flowing melodies, which Ora f<rar* bnvo stopped EUs own sufferings had be blend easily the one into the other, and preserve in thePineat auction on Monday evening, at&hefrtore, 404 Broadway.The relatives and friends of the family, also those ofbissoninlaw,FruneiscoAzov,andtheFacultyofColum-bia College are respectfully invited, without furthernotice, to attend the funeral services at St. Patrick's remedy requireid., w<hen adopted in the early stages of amnwtn dame good, a n d from this springs immortality. Amah save not tha power, and are not immortal.Paintings—Over Fifty to be Saidsmsi 00 to do; bat Be wonld not, for Bhat one)have opposedthegrand principle—tha basteof <tom*tahty^Begeve aoverallthutreaooafrostthe feraeves to prove mat God intended ta all to work oatfusion the characteristic strains ofthe whole. As acom position,itevincesevidencesofscientificskill,manyofits passages being exceedingly difficult, and exhibiting a com-Mrs. Wtnslow's Soot hi o p Syrup. Millionsofbottlesarenowuied everytearintheUnitedStatesforchildrenteethiog,withneverfaihngsuccess.Be liet immediate and certain. Only 26 cents a bottle.Singer's Sewing Macnines, for Keratites,Cathedral, on Tuesday morning, at half put nine o'clock. WKNDELKEV—On Saturday,Feb. 18,CHARLWyoungest tonofJohnandMatildaWendelken,aged3monthsand21 days.WYATT.—On Sunday morning, Feb. 1 9 , MART, wife o fdisease, Indyspepssina msahlatdiess, whoena takento proper uuaaiaa- attos,aaadietdrmk.andespeciallyatdinner,ttIsBond,by uniformexperience,tobenmteantlyamoaoainalathei obstinate cases, when even the best of the usua. remedies 1 failed to sJbrd • ore than temporary relief.Its judicious sdopttan to snesmstasi wah the pxtoespal ior when asenae of exhaustion dictates Its use. never fails toTheuaef tereasemg was an amrfooto of Goo. and didnotntny way maaeace the acttona of mankind. H ow can coarse the menm of a work like this cannot be fairly ap--end assistance of able counsel on the part of the bank, the District Attorney appeared u tbe public prosecutor in this case u he would in any other. He felt for the young man h e felt for h is aged parents, bowed down b y this affilenun.andhefelt,u helefthisownchildrenthis morning,whatmiserywouldbehisshouldhischildrenin after years yield to similar temptations. Tbe law is not vindictive m th e prosecution of Lane, h e i s indicted a n d tried, and we seek to punish him ai an example, and withthehopeof deterringothersfromthecommissionof Similar oflences. Y es, other young men a r e to b e warned, and the grief that hangs around t h e prisoner's father a n d mother must, by example, beaverted from the parents of other children. T h e District Attorney concluded a n eloquent addrem b y calling upon the jury to do justice b e - tween the prisoner and tbe people, and to render a verdict 111 accordance with the evidence, regardless of the conse- quences.In addition to the foregoing points for tha defence, Mr. Holmes submitted tne following:—Twelfth, That if thejury have any reasonable doubt in view of the evidence u to any one of tbe alleged facts- thai thedefendant made the entry, setforth ta the indict-dies, low temperament and exhausted vital snaggy, by ever cause induced. These are farts to which many e f most eminent medical man, both ta Europe aad the Or States, have born* ssstimony. a a " theirhighestwrittenauthorities 'Putupmquartaadpintbottles,taeasseofcan dozen each, whh the proprietor's acme aa the bottle, i facsttnilsofhissignatureonthelabel. Forsatebyall gists and country merchants ta me Datted Stotoa,CDOLPBO WOLFE. SoleManufactureraadImaortsi Mas.W,»andEtBeamstoset.MowT«THS RIFT AND THE SPRAY. •Ewatoav INTHttMERCURT.HENDRICKSON, BLAKE A LONG,THE RIFT AMD THE 8FBAT,la the BBW YORE MERCUET. TBE RLFT AMD THE STRAY, „ M _Inthe NEW YORK MERCURT. TBIBUTAMDTB.s»B& m ^ „„,,,,Cod foresee yoor famre end when you have tt In your ownpower to make that end good or bad? W e have it in ourpower 10 tote ourselves, even b y a deathbed repentance,andmmchangethedecree;batifwediewithoutatoningforoaraba,wemoatbedamned. There• noexcuseforoaram-wehadthepowergivenusfromadivinesourcetoJobettor. Youanyyouweretempted;sowerethesoma. Yon any you suffered, ao did the mar*lyre Ton m y you were Jpoor; 00 were some of thebnrtteet tfcnts now m Beeves. God never predeatmed Gaxmniga and Mr. Cooke, and to the Bomanm from themy amito be test, thepower was given man to m ve "Traviata.'' "De Miei voitenti," the latter oonflrmed the and he abased tt. In concmston, h e coiled uponih«i any machine in market. The fasnlly raaehines, at 860 sad ,76, are attraeUn, ^ g g f f g ^ ^ ^ „ .180Fultonstreet,Brooklyn.bodutto 1amttoue H a protection over those prasoal, and to e them grace to continue m the path of virtue and hoa < t©torn, Wnmmebarg, would take ptece o n next Thurs- dayotmrnf. The proceeds, which most have been veryfav orabte impression which his other efforts had made. WiwTthe overture of "Fmgal's Cave" concluded an even- ing of nr-ipfr""* enjoyment and satisfaction to all.AtWaUack's theatre "TheRomance ofaPoorYoung Mas" IOIIII—on to maintain its career of popularity. A t the French theatre a French version of Feuillet s story has been put upon the stage with the same fair chancesT *4 C0«O—-DIKOJUtBLE SUOLiKE WATEKRWPIRlOUOFr SKEIWEKDU Beots, at JONES' 10 and U Ann street; eioosi 84, FrenchThe them f« then-ktodattotUioc,and said that the tectureattbeultimateiy toad them to heaven.lev. Br addressed the •sajswammmi and t^»¥terge. » m i * tor the benefit of the chorch. from New York and Brooklyn were ~C i t y I a t e U i g e a c e .asvemlcterfyLadle*' Fart, Fashion Hate, Skating Caps.—WHITE, Hatter, 8 8 Broadway, opposite St. Paul's church,Beaatifalliquid Pearl fer beeuufytag and preserving toe sqnsptextos and atta, may betriedgroanat488Broadway.Wneeler & Wllaam's Sewing Jttaittines.— Ofltoe 808 Broadway, Mew Vork.\l litter'*Patent Fire andBarglar Proof QUIRK BROTHERS. 98 Maiden lace, W. T .•This,-" oa'tome";m the former piece On•etrre. Penneyrrania State 5 s , 93<*, Reed-sjroaS,ffllMorris Canal,51.V Pennsyivansa Bail- Ball,whenthecapacioustheatrenowinprogress oferec-KOSTXK.—On Sunday, Feb. 19, of croup, Caamm A . F ., sonofCharlesandMinnaBoater,aged3years,10months 19,onTuesdayeveningneat,Febat,at7k,totwd,B\. Sight exchange on New Y ork, pax.Mason, F e b . 17, I860._ to-day 6,000 begs at 10>, to 10*c. fortton will be-completed. It is expected that b y September aext th e new Academy of Music will be suiliciently for- ward in its internal arrangements for th e Philharmonic toand 2 8 days.Due notice of the funeralwill b e given into-morrow'snode of teeunc certain patent ->»*TM« wntekthe Pnotogmyhn ntnfssWnn sad iltai nullua to to thUoeaaarafartTMPOBTANT TO TAILORS AMD OTHXRB.The Orover A Baker Sewing Machine Comean* _ trodueedanewandsuperiorShuttleTM****f,largesueasm speed, wtth latest Improvements; price 800 F er east at tm Broadway, Hew York, and at I B Fulton street, Breeklya.Bates of the week 24.000 bates. Beosipta ofSI.000 bales, against 12,000 bales for the same open their mason there. This la a consummation devouteat st test year. Receipts ahead of teat year, 110,600 ky to be wished for by the members of the society and166,710 bates.19, JOEDTDors, son of John Dunn and Julia E. Littell,their friends, for certainly, admirable as it is m regard _ to-day 8,000 bates st unchanged rates. SDits accoustic properties, their present hall has long •say rmody at 8*ic. a 7* c Motemm at Ssc.a 39*c. ceased to fulfil the requirements of this popular andCaatenado, Tgnaeio J Arango, Bernard Brud, J Mcintosh, J Graham Gray, Jose FernandezTherelativesandfriendsare respectfully invitedto at- tend the funeral, on Tuesday morning, at ten o'clock, from the residence of his parents, N o. 19 Union place, Hoboken. Interment at Moravian Cemetery, S. I.Lswia—On Saturday morning, Feb. 18, Mrs. JLLU A m , wife of the late Charles W. Lewis, aged 69 years.The relatives and friends of tbe family are respectfully tavitod to attend tbe funeral this (Monday) morning, at eleven o'clock, from the residence of her son-in-law, W . C. Whitehouae, N o . 165 Third street, Williamsburg. H e r remains will be token to Bridgeport, Connecticut, for in- terment.Lrasrr—On Sunday meriting, Feb. 19, of scarlet fever, A i m s STBXLE, youngest daughter o f Jared and Catharine & Iinaiy, aged 3 years, 6 months and 16 days. <The relatives and friends o f t h e family are tavitod to attendthefuneralat the residenceof Dr.Linsly,No.22 Lafayette place, on this (Monday) afternoon, at fourMcaTTe, by lay at fjs.Pork armat 916. W h a, rim 1.Seventh Symphoajy. m A Major (Opus 92)Beethoven. Verdi.Haw Onxnum, Feb. 18, I860.SAVANHAH—steamship Montgomery—Mrs Mchild. Mrs C C Spooner, Miss CSpooner, G Dava, Thomas LaaftbJta, J Rosenthal, B~M Tebey, M Beed, A D Patterson, Oapt T 8 Snow, W A Collins, J (.' Phillips, B T Phillips, P 8 Wheeler, J Belts, Henry Landecker, G Crewell, CbuOos- minaky, Henry Blow, T R Toole, J C Gram. Col Jos Bangs, Cap (T Greenland. Robert Stevenson, John vader, A Bair,W Mordlinger, G B Welsh, J Weil, alas Kluabeth Morreli, Mrs E Wolf and child. Miss Cnger, R J Mulkley. J A Btehbtoa, D Barrows, Capt U GrecorT, J B J Robinson, Capt A A Fanner, H B Cowdray. Wm Baiiey, T J Garrett, Copt M W Eidd, A . Baggerty, J Coses, Morris Kaiser, Geo Watts, D Abrahams, HMeinow.MKaufman—andIStasteerage.Ibwat66 66. lard at 10K.C freights and exchange BitTmosa, Feb. 18,1660.rapidly increasing society.The following w as the programme of the evening'sWORCESTERSH'RB BAUOB. from tbe original recipe of that omuhgunbtd anliliams. m ilItear OndullWheat unchanged a n d prices nomtnal le. a l H c , white, Tec. a 7«c.; yeliovprononnoed by oonnoisseors to be the only good aauce Bold by aUGrocers aad fruit dealers. WhnlsmlshyGEO. H BARRETT, DealerInsnieea,Ac., 4tBreadstoeet,M.T.PREMIUM WEDDINGAMD VISITING CARDS atF. F . HEWITT'S, 318Cntcnriuii, Feb. 16,1660. son at 66 60 a 66 60 for superfine Whiskey on- J. Mem perk, 817 Tt; balk shoulders, antes ofJjs.at6>,c. Lard,10>,c. CmcnauTi,Feb.18,I860.draftsonMew Yorkforgoldunchanged.Will.1 Pace," Iand Mr W. H . Cooke,CiiAEiESTos—Steamship Nashville-A.ex Mlehol and lady,Mrs Murray and child, W B Griflin. C E Hlisted, B W Bum-mey, H Salthierner, P Revoeton, C Dorestur, Chas Levy, WW Parlur, W C Forsyth, V Evans, J Strauss, A F Mills, D 8Myers, A Mcioy, Mrs WlnnelinE. Miss B Ford, KSchiller, MKteabeeus, Capt X)S AustlrTW H H White, T H Barge, J ototonk. McCain.TJLittle KDaltag, IILawrence, TJBmith, MrsBthe Bar. Dr. Chhffl preached a sermon onkmandFreeWill, mregard*oarfuturestale,atSt.gary's Besnan Cnihohc chorch, in Williamsburg, tern Overture—"Ftagal'a Cave" Mendelssohn. •voting. Lemj before the boar for commencing had orrivet the body and the galtortes of the church wereto almost an uncomiortable degree. After some leen more powerful attractions. The seventh SymphonyTenth. The statute under which the indictment was found doesnotincludeorrelatetoanyentrysuchasUinthis case alleged to bofetoa.aa the entry was not delivered, norintended to bedelivered,tosayperson Iwsrtogwith the bank. Eleventh. The entry alleged to be false could not, in contemplation of law , defraud the bank, or lead to its being detrauded, so as to bring this cam within the statute under which the indictment is iramed.O'COHHXU —On Sunday, Feb. 19, MARGABXT FBAXCBS, onlychildofMatthewJamesandCatharineLouisauCon nell,bged 1 year, 1 month and 13days.Her funeral will take place on Tuesday.PBJBETLEY—OnSunday, Feb. 19,Joss Fsajfoa Psmsrur, only sen of Doctor John Priestley, aged 2 years, 2 months and 16 days.lesmgag by thechoir, theBeverend Doctorpro- to addrem the congregation. He said that m sererv sans of both the ota World and the Mewrrnt RIFT AND THE SPRAT, 8plendidly illustratedbywho bebeve that which governedthereB one of the mart Imaginative of the conceptions of theto please a popular audience than most of hte other works of a similar character W e have never heard it more superbly performed—the admirable orchestra of theSt-Htwon C o m —Pan 1 (17 old City Hall)—Nos. 1 3 ,43, 677, 276, 583, M l, 441, 607, 687, 691. 603,506,001,807, 60?K, 606. Part 1—Nos. 278, 184, 412, 608, 1028, parents, No. 416 Second avenue, between Twenty sixth 108, 400, 460,124, CO, H 8 , 422,846,160, 240, 60, 462.In tbe NEW YORK MERCCRT for _ HENDRICKSON, BLAKE A LONG, 11 ant S Asa startf^O THE PURLIC.WOLFE'S SCHIEDAM SCHMAPPS,A —lUctoaldtoidrtaj -• nimeatty ir' nr i j i iitssss factured by himself excloaivary,Holland.1Itismadefromthebeetbarleythatcanberope, with toe essence of an aromatic Italian berry, at ledgedand extraordinary aasdtetoatl properties. It h a s toon«"»"««o inwhichs h esang thisbeautifulduet.M r .CLASS 267, FSBBCABY 18, 1880.50, 70, 26, 41, 23, 78, 72, 60, 1, 3, 14, 46, 32, 18.Priam sashed at 888 Broadway. Circulars sent free. HODGES, MATI8 A CO., Managers, Maoen, Oa.them, h operates as s sure preventive Thertatiwins effect upontlresidents.of travellers or new i and ah personsto them, produced by the waters of nearly all oor sisal I riven, like the Ohio, Mississippi sad Alabama, from ' quantity of decayed vegetable matter contained lastate of solution, is well known, as is also that of the i nmestoneregions,taproducinggravel,calculiaadthe bladder. The aromauc Schiedam Schnapps u s e i oonrective of them injurious properties of bad water, aad i sequently prevents the diseases which they occasion It a am* feundtobeacureandpreventiveoffeveraadagee,aatosam causedbytheconjointeffects oficgetabtorestsin to as* se- mospbere,aadvegetable putrescencesta thewatersoff dntricto ta whtoh u principally prevaUa TheIAam Schnapps is consequently in great demand bytravelling or about to settle in those parts of toe eouairenlly, as well as by many in every commanay where it I become known, on account of its various < "•ernes.operao f" Stradelte" willb e produced, b a t a sof theof'DerFrsynchttto," w laca, drew a fairfallowriilsmi•fr.-»Th6thte mmor eld oraetehntor within t h e aofam. B i t it,then Kwould'>.'reliablelike allother attractions, however, sheOrange Girt'(by request), Chanson EupagnoleMadame Gaxmxtiga. PAST n.BAD IT, READ IT, READ IT, READ IT,Sew Overture—A l'ltohenne, in &Under the direction ef the composer, Signor Muzio.made the false entry with tbe intent to defraud Wm. J. Lane, ST., in h a individual capacity, then tha pris- oner cannot b e convicted under t h e present indictment. Eighth. There is no evidence ta this case that the bank was in anyway defrauded bythe entry proved in this case, which in the indictment is alleged to have been false. Ninth. The prisoner Is entitled to beac- quitted because t h e indictment charges that t h e false entry wm made in February, 1869,andLswts.—On Saturday, Feb. 18, at the residence of her son-in-law, W. C. Whttehouse, No, 166Third street, Brook- lyn, E. D., JruA A>.\ Hm>. wife of the late Cues. W .READ IT, READ IT, READ IT, BEAD IT, "THE RIFT AMD THE SPRAT,"In the NEW YORE MERCURY for Mart* A HENDRICKSON, BLAKE A LONG,31 and 23 Ann asn General.RBAD TBE MEW STORY INTHEMERCURY.THE RIFT AND THE SPRAT.SerenadeMndnmr Gaasaniga. Duet—''AOoneotormi,*' LindaSchubertBarnes and daughter. A J Maxwell, W H Smith, Miss If Ludi-eoa, M rs J Faseett, " W Banner , R Wetherstone. W Kudle-man, C La Gal, E C Aiiatto, F B Benahaw. A TM MF Owens,J Gulesple, 8 Brainard. J A Avery, J Isenbury, lady, twochildren and nurse; B Walton, 8 bterhiag, C L Goodwin, APhillips, Henry Bent, WM Fulton, J B Cutter, W n Galier.Douslu andfriend,JButler,wifeandchild.MDCtatn,AJLocre,ASouthworth,JKeteham,JMWinter,RHushes,Mas J.o.,J.T.,1..L.andF.H.Whitehouae, arerespectfully Gordon,MrsParle,GeeHaaneU,MFox,TPSquire,T>A Anil,artiststhat t h emanagementOLUUJOROWS,Va.,Fob.19,ISM.and Baatett, the tent victims of the John Grafula, the recently appointed bandmaster, whom abi- upon one and the remainder were thrown into theIt w m then agreed that o a Thursday next the prosecu- tion would move for judgment, and tbe prisoner's counsel argueamotionforanewtrtaionthepotatoraised.The Court adjourned to Monday at ten o'clock.Jersey City Stews. TaxSTORM—ThestormofSaturdaycausedsomedeten-tion to the cars of the New York and Erie, New JerseyTransportation,andMorrisandEssexBailroads. AboutdarkonSaturdayeveningoneoftheNewJerseyTrans portotiontrainsgotthatinadriftinBergenCut,bywhich some seven or eight trains belonging to theseveral roads were delayed a n hour o r more.The night express from Dunkirk, due at Jersey City athalf-past twelve o'clock yesterday noon, came in tw o aged 2 years, 1 month and 27 days. hours behind time. The company had two snow ploughs atthe mow and asset storm taoorn modes railroad travel, was performed by them. The Seventh Regiment m ay fat three o'ctook afternoon train from New York yester- now b e said to b e one of the most perfect in existence, inwork on the Eastern division, and by this means were enabled to keep the track comparatively clear. Three freight trains, detained o n Saturday, were sent out yester-The relatives and friends of tbe family ore hereby in- vited to attend the funeral, this (Monday) afternoon, at half-past two o clock, from the residence of her parents, Union avenue, Fordham, Westchester oounty. Her re- mains will b e interred in Morrteania. T n e train loaves the depot, corner of Twenty sixth street and Fourth ave-lity a s a m r " " and composer h a s long been recognised District Attorney's office—the receptacle o f mustybyoorpublic. Althoughtherewasalargearrayofvocaland tnstrumenUi talent enlisted for the occasion, andcomprising Mesdames Cotom and Strakosch, with Stigelil,Amodlo, Jones, and Schrieber, the inimitable cornet was not a particle of evidence to show that Lane bad player,alltheattractionseemedtocentreintheperform-Funeralservicesattheresidenceofheraunt,Mrs.Bowne, No. 143 Washington street, corner of High street, stairs. Brooklyn,this (Monday; afternoon, atnaifpastthreeo'clock. Relativesandfriendsofthefamilyarerequestedto attend without further invitation.ances of the new band, which is composed of about forty pieces, all picked men. Nothing could be finer or more sstafastory than the manner in which the mili- tary and dance music set down ta the programmeevertouched a pennybelongingtothebank,orthatthe proceedsofthenotefor60I870everreachedthehands of the defendant; if any money had been received b y t h e defendant it wasonhisfather'scheck, andifanyone has been defrauded it is M r. Lane, Senior, and not the Fulton Bank. With regard to the coniemion exacted from the defendtnt before that formidable body of bank di- rectors, he related to the jury a (act which is recorded on the books, where t w o brothers were tried and convictedHAYKX—AtFordham,anSaturday,Feb.18,HABTBAR BAUA, youngest daughter of James and Amelia E Hayne.HOLME'S PATENT STEitEOagOPE OAMERAS-THB only instrnnrerm by wbicb the stereoeoope pictures are taken to bleed perfectly and that stand owt heW aid sharw TheparalleltnstrumetusdonotmsAethestereoeoopepictures! * IIn.ai.ers and dealers of Stereoscope Cameras proper meat obtain rights for them antrumens of rhe patentee for the Uss- todbtates. a A. HOUtmnii BrontwajrHEMDRICKSON, BLAKE A LONG, •roswnsiarBOOKS, STATIONERT, AC. wnoLmuLSNEWSPAPER AGENTS. 21 and 23 Ann street.New TortHOSTBTTER'S STOMACH B i l l BUB.-THE 8T3MA(Bf is the fountain bead of scores of -"nssn which infest she human system. Indijreeooo, bad enaexh ser se srsintosDonimtti. M r * " " uazsaniga and Mr. W H . Cooke.Lewis, aged 69 years and 6 days.Funeral services will take ptece this (Monday) morningBotnanm—"DeMteibolfentiSpiriti,"Traviata. Mr. W . H. Cooke.Verdi.ateleveno'clock. Thefriendsofthetamlly,andateoofiheaudiencs.as usaal, drew down great applause, and was farced to yield to an enthusiastic encoreThe feature of the evening was the production of a new overture b y Signor Muzio, a tribute of respect to the s o ciety, being expressly composed for and dedicated to its members. The maestro himself conductedthe performanceMAXIAA r o u a uIn t h e"Naranjera"MadameGazxaniga,en ewastovotton,w i tHiessnatsnne whrn^wedeservedtt. plete mastery over the resources of the orchestra. Of Waterbury said that, although aided by the advice«.iw. .nfl - • -tP„..f««tiiie».p nnm—. am unequalled They Hermann Wyatt, in the 34th year of her age.are cauarBfrBttouig more work, and of earning more money, The relatives and friends are respectfully invited to at- relieve the debility attendant uson protracted chronicpreciated o n a first performance. Another opportunity, however, will be tfate week afforded us of judging of them, mtheoverturewillberepeatedattheAcademyeitheron WednesdayorFridaynext.tend her funeral, on Tuesday morning at eleven o'clock, at bea late residence, Third svenue, between Fifty-fourth and Fifty fifth streets.WORAK.—At theresidence oftheRev.Mr.Stryker, .-ARAHK WORAJS.widowofthelateWm.Woram,inthe 76th year o f her age.The friends of the family are invited to attend the fune- ral, at the house of ber son-in law, E V . Haughwout, No, 100East Twenty-firststreet,this (Monday) afternoon, at one o'clock.MISCEL,L,A*KOrJB.N.B.-Call aad see them.ACOMMISSIONER OF DEED* OF ALL THE STATER _Lawyer, Notary Public and U RP ABHPORT AGENT,I EDWARD B Mewlark.ACARD.-THK GREATEST IMPROVEMENT ACHIEVED ta dentistry. Dr. LEVETT'8 patent Atmospheric Plates lor artificial teeth. Dr. Reese, to bis Medical Uasetto, i "Manyofhispatientsusethesawithaeomfartandhitherto unattainable The above Invention* pithe patentee has retained New York and vistaity oxelnsfvahy for his own nrsrttos Applications most Itswwawo b e made to 1r. LETETT, No. 12 Wavortoy place, near Broadway.Trusses ofEvery Description iter Perma-nent retention of rupture, bathing Trusses, Supporters, Shoul- only at MB der Braces, Suspensory Bandages, silk elsshe Htossrsasn. Knee breadway. corner of Duans streetCap* Aukites and all rargisai appliances, soimtnlcaUy ap-ulledbvMAlloHAUJ.,Nu2Votoysueei,AatorDA>um;New AOftheremainingfeaturesoftheprogrammewehave left ourselves b a t little room to speak. T h e duet from 1Undo,""AConsolarmi,"wasveryfinelygivenbylime.la tlteBest andof saoeem."Jennie Deans'' te now entering on its seventh week of ment, with the intent to defraud the Fulton Bank; that tbeTHE BIFTAMD TH* BFRAT^ ^ ^ . ^ BB1IX1B1CKSOM. ^AMMA^^^ ^uninterrupted success at Laura Eeeae's theatre. Accord- ing to pi ismil appmraiM—, It te likely to enjoy many weeks more o f the same good fortune.The performances at the Winter Garden this week willentryitselfdischarged,diminished,increasedorcreateda pecuniary • obligation, claim o r credit, o r purported t o create one of such; or that the entry w u made before the fraud w u perpetrated, and not afterwards, with a view to cover u p previous defalcations, o r with any other view of that character—such doubts are the property of theAT tVBRDILL'8-THR ORAMORBLOtwOMWBDDINOGEORGE W: M. BETaWLPB TmlUMPllABT.»«**•• •TRSTM*or tBOOBAmW bteso seeore thejatoai ?JnetomeJ "THltMEW ST3aV*BY" EEY^LDnTHE ITAUAM KMIGHT. Or mmferQUttUN'S Ihe of the lighter order, in order to suit the peculiar talents prisoner, and he must be acquitted.of Mr. Woods and|Mr. Jefferson, who make their ratine The Judge, ta charging the jury, said it is not often in the administration 01 public justiot-that either t h e CourtBuveJoee.il?to-night. The pteoes announced for this evening arethe "Omjugei Leasee," "Jenny Ltad," and ' A n Object ofTo night will be produced, for the first time at Cooke s amphitheatre (Nibte'a Garden),theiimgnl6i«l sneasfrlan spectacle o f t h e " Field o f t h e Cloth o f Gold." There te to be a grand tournament eeene, which will occupy t h eentirestageandring,andtaaUotherrespectsthe] ete will, it a aaaJ.be one of the most gorgeous and ttve of its h a d that has ever been produced here.or the jury feel much pleasure ta the dtecharge of their duty; and there are often cases where the circumstances render the duty painfully disagreeable; and in looking a t tbe gitnatlfr" of the prisoner and the position h e h a s held, the presentcuetooneofthem. Butthetew imposes oa the Court and jury a duty which they must perform with out permitting their sympathies t o interfere with t h e coarse of justice. The Court would give them the tew governing and controlling t h e case u briefly u possible, andItwouldbetbedutyofthejurytodecide upontbe.The prisoner te charged under the statute withTKINSON'S PARISIAN TOOTH PASTE.A nnhim •roasiattso, quickly riser stag the teeth, artotoiaamraafollowing facts —First. That the prisoner mode the entry. SecondLThat the entry w u false. Third. That tt ta in a hook kept by a moneyed corporation within the State.will be produced, for the first fairy drama,ofM a r r i e d . Gtrrmrr—BASSM—By the Be v.Lamp." GreatStrength »*4yn, M nm,to00VBT OPIB, lt.**-**« i^tjti m1courtwmdW*1!' crowded the result of the tria.'iiIr.JmmwT.Bmay, *DAT.to defraud, thereisan end to the cam. Itteateoto be token by a minister, not of law but of vengeance, and cast into a dungeon, subject to th e tortures of the rack or the wheel, ta order to make them ooafam to crimes o whichtheymightbeinnocent. Mr.Bradythenreferred to the number of indictments found against the accused- there being n o tern than thirty-nine for forgery, together with a charge o f embezzlement, a n d sixteen chargesof falsepretences,makinginallfifty-sixcharges—anyoneof whichwould have beensufficient,andforwhich,ifcoo victed, be would be subject to five years in the State prison. In the whole course of bis study of the criminal law he never mm with a similar instance; h e once had a cor- poration client against whom twenty seven different charges hadbeen made, buthewmonly indictedThat ta the absence of them elements the articles arevote, and the Fulton Bsakte not in view of law a body or r hte age.documents. There te here mi array of legal gentle- men, no less than seven assisting in the prosecution agaiijst this defendant. After some farther comments Mr. Brady continued to contend that this indictment could notbesustained;therewasnotfraudproved;thattheregmved si «JO thte morning. The Bay State reached all branches of its organixation. It required butthe ad in Vermont for the murder of an unknown man; they day, and were making their usual time. The milk trainSBrer at asren o'clock this morning, and h e r passenemreachedBostonat12J0. thepassengersbythe ditionorabandofthepresenteffectivecharactertoren-were pressed fer a confession of their guilt, and hoping arrived one hour and a half late.that a confession would induce a commutation of theirguilt. But in the providence of God, before (he time ap-pointed for their ignominious death, a man in the State ofNew Jersey picked upa scrap of a newspaper, in whichthere was a description o' the murdered man; and recol-lecting that he had, within a few days, seen an eccentricindividual answering thedescription ofthe supposed de-named George Dower, who sailed from New York u the mate of an American vessel, arrived in the Arabia on Saturday, having been returned to this country b y th e American Consul at Liverpool for trial on a charge of murdering one ofthe nmmnn while outward bound. TheHXEMSB.—Suddenly, on Sunday, Feb 19,MAEYE., wife of Abraham Herder.The relatives and friends c f the family a r e respectfcMy invited to attend the funeral, on Tuesday afternoon, at two o'clock, from ber late residence, No. 79 Prince street, Brooklyn.by the prisoner's counsel, to emthe cam for the de- fraud'! then the offence would ant felltavern of nor sam. The.-oiaovwandrrtandeoftmfanRily are r invited .to attend her fnneraltbte (Monday), bboars oftwelve and one o clock, from her Hte No. 123Be.irystreet.Boston pna'ers please copy.were now to hear counsel en both 0idm, and then to takethe matter into their ooaeideratton, snder t h e chargefrom the Judge. Although the defendAW had been untem they believed that it WM improperly /obtatooJ two o'clock, from bis tele laaHtenou Hte iaa—nia and£ B.BTBB.A. J.ENGLISHALPACAAMD8TLKUMBRELLA8AT themuajprtsmat<hNOTICIOeO-MMWBAMDBU8WM88PA-IL NOTICTOBO-MBWJ AMD BTJ6TstB88 PAPER. " NOnaOeV-sTaaTwne A:.THD> BUaTSlBW PAPERSTEAMER" 2ES5R orr-To-BAT.STEAM MSTBAMER NUMBEROCTTO-liAT.._NDMBBROBTTO-DAF. BEST SP ANISH NEWSP APER.BEST 8P ANI8H NEWSP APER. BI8T SPANISH NMWRPAPRR.f^bhabsd 2d, itv;Urn. * m t e a and Sfmo* everyPersons baring friends in any of the SPANISH CANCOCNTRTE8tttnamtheNOTIOIOSOtoebestREPORTS, AMU CURMJElfT POLITICAL P R M AMDUTBstART INTELLIGENCE Oflice14Annstreet Bead,toraoonjaadcareenFRENCH AND CHINESE FANE, BILE NETS, PAMOT t-atrPtx*and<:ornbe,8Udea Ae,, Ax., forseto to the Wad- byHUGHES,DDPL'YACREBAN/OE, 141Bteadwa,re,charged with various offences, h e (Mr. B .) wood underwithout eren a shadow of warranty of the tew. The oefendant w m a native of the city or Mew York, and about thirty years of age. He had been a clerkta the Fatten Bank from 1866 to I860. He w m appointed at the request ef hte father, who had ooenptod the position of cashier for a great miaslini of yean. The defendant w m for the Brat Item in his life arraigned before the formidable body—a Board ef Directors—ta September last, charged with the oommhmm of gravecrimes. B e (Mr. B ) wouid repeat that a h this prosecutorn w u without a shadow of Jammmmm ta tew. Thaconstitaxton gives every man the right to a public trialwe are not in this lead, afee that mtsgovnrneil countrythe prnoner intended to defraud hte father and not the bank, this indictment cannot be sustained It Is the doty ot the jury, if they are satisfied that the evidence sustatas the charge, to find theprisoner guilty. If they arenot satisfied that he made thaentry with a fraudulent Intent it w m then- duty to aenatt him.Mr. Holmes asked the Court to charge that t h e n e t under which tt te nam—ml that tb e Fulton Bank hue b e come ax organised corporation requires that the names andresidencesofalltheshareholdersshallbestatedin the articles of association.That in those articles the names of certain trusteee anil the shares which they respectively held or purported to hold are not given, u appears by thefollowing entry — " Thomu Stratfd Clarkson and others, trustees, city of Mew York, three hundred a d thirty nine—8»."That the place of residence of Elizabeth B. Clark, by D. Thompson, her attorney, is not given—etaty-elght sharesDOLA*.—Oniplease copy,Feb. 18, Manur DOLWB, aged Mceased, he sought him oatand conveyed him to tne place accused was banded over to the United States Marshal.general debultj Ac. Get rtd of It, then,ai once, to •stow MASKS—On Sunday, Feb. 19, Jons MAHXR, native of Bn-ourh a course of HOBTETTER'S STOMACH BrTTsTbTaof theintendea execution. He wm immediately identi-fied, and the two brothers were of course released. Thenas to the manifestation of guilt in the manner of a personWonxx VoTotG IN CUUDA—In reply to the question, Can women vote at the elections of School Trustees? Dr.the county of Kilkenny , Ireland, in the 27th year of hte age.The relatives and friends of the family are respectfullypaletable and refreshics^oreparauoii. what se surely isili isq all complaints of the stomach »mt Us depsstoeaetea. aa the sea- shine metts the snow. A course of the "M^t**^ may act per- haps be necessary. One bottle freiuenUy tomirsjilmWa a complete cure. Sold by i*IMPORTANTPHOTOGRAPHICPATENTCASE.Allpersonsintereetodinthebeautifulanof lespeufully iqeemstod to meet at toe CooperHelloway't Ointment sons bedridden for months withSTcmCrtstadoro's Hair 'Br** wig* and pees—-Thebestina'sworto—Wholesaleandretail,aadthe Dye privately apphed. at Bo. 6 Astor Home.has fence it is neoemary lor the prosecution te establish the BAGSTX, both of tha dry.attempt to defraud a a ietee entry (reads The offence which to embodiedcorporation, b y means from the statutes)It is invaluable in aasss of gnvfrom the prisoner. If obtained by tkreaa or wfth a hopefrtends are rmpeet/ully tavlted to attend without further they should dismiss it; but if the jury believed that the notice. The ismal" will be interred ta Greenwood take to prove to th e jury that n o legal offence ban been confession w u given voluntarily then they havearight Cemetery. Dscemvil had been carrier for m e Herald andcharged with crime, h e would relate to them a n anec-dote. When be (Mr B ) went to Orange county to defend Keyeison, Superintendent of Schools ta the Upper P ro. invited to attend hte funeral on Tuesday aftornoon, atBakerfor themurderofPoole,Judge Peabody proceeded there from this city to try the cause, he (the Judge) w u metandescortedupthebillbytheSheriff,followedbya targe concourse of people, who mistook th e learned Judge fortheprisoner. (Loudlaughter.) Mr.Bradyconcluded a powerful appeal o n behalf o f t h e accused, and con- cluded b y submitting t h e following points t o the Court:— First. In this case the jury may not legally presume the intent to defraud solely from the alleged raise entry, even if they believe it to be raise. Second. The intent to defraud must b e proved to th e satisfaction of the jury. Third. Itmust be proved as laid in the indictment, viz: as a n intent to defraud the bank. Fourth. T h e entry a l- leged to be false is not one which, in law and wittan the meaning of th e statute, created, discharged, diminished, increased,orinanymanneraffected anypecuniaryobli- gation, claim or credit, nor did it purport to do either. Fifth. If the question be left to the jury to m y whether the entry did or did not create, dis- charge, dimmish, increase, or in any manner affect a n y pecuniary obligation, claim or crelit, or whether any purported to be so, affected by such ei.tr y, then they must be satisfied on this point beyond all rea- sonable doubt in order to convict. Sixth. If tbe jury be- lieve that the defendant intended b y t h e false entry only to conceal or cover up some fraud or crime already com- mitted, and not to effect a present fraud or crime by meansofsuchentry,hecannotbeconvictedunderthain-vince, stated in Sarnia, that if they were rated on the Col* lector's roll there w u nothing in the act to prevent them.Arrival* and Departures. AXBTVALS.llcw ORLZAW-Steamship de Soto—F Millard and lady. J uAnderson a n d a d y , M r Hartshorn, W Silbemagie and lady,Mrs Walters, Cap* W B Doan, Mrs I) Cain, Mrs ryncbon, Mrs(Japt Morse and son, Thomas Watkina, a r t itch, Mr Sheldon,J A uehtnelaos and lady, aaater Auebinelaua, Kdw Garcia, aged 4 years, 8 months and 14 days. K tiolderaena, V I' Ciaike, A 1) Craig. From Havana—JoanMnxio. dictment. Seventh. If tbe jury believe that the prisoneri READ IT READ IT, READ IT, ERAS IT , RIt will be aeon from the above that both in regard to its the proof that it could not have been in that month.ler, J Burns, J Dow, J Purcell—and 21 in steerage. CourtCalendar ThisDay.STPRXMX Cocxi—Qacrrr—Part 1. Court of Oyer and Terminer. Part a—Nos. 6,127, 660, 400, 484, 280,880, US, 317, 418, K B , 903, 610, 368, 144, 293, 301, 311, 406,Hantsustrumental ami vocal features there could not well haverntare smrvumm. Some were to bo society, under the direction of Mr. Eafeld, rendering it The Distinct Attorney (Mr. Watorbury) then proceededand Twenty seventh streets, this (Monday) afternoon, a t two o'clock.«OfficialCe.'s Ceawaheatea Lotteries of Georgia.Ingravel,goatandearandkidneys,aodindecided and invariably reliable. Aad Els not only a reesed* tor these sealsline, bat, ta all whtoh ihsyareTro- dtnsd by drinatog bad watov, iihtoli Is ahanoaet eanirilriemraatitlyj abata thtetow to makingtheentry with the talent ofdetraadtag. Toprovetmsof- PetersChurch,JoaxJomraCamenxtoMintru-mier—,£, ladiestadelicate•asm at the Mew Bowery theatre OB Saturdayand this evening the regular company and theold fSttTfrntt a pecuniary obligation, claanor ^ » shall etty.tea, mnmdmg Mrs. W . G. Joam and Messrs Fox andJ. H. Albmt beoem at -wm a perfect jam. Mm. Altonpoiport to be ereaiod or ta any manner awsetodjrwm. Thattbitetefitwuto defraud the corporation. There is nodoiibtufarutheeridencegcee.thattherirtoouerma-BpttMLfW.B&*91BMBWBOCBBON WH18ERT OOCKTATL.BON SAMTE.ROY AL WINDSOR RITTKRS. F^N^OLDjB(AjTjINDIA ARRAC PUMCB.DOUBLE ORAMOR CURACAO,aaatotor Van Brunt's pure AROMATiC ttCHTEUUVtfte%A aMBlTY*' IDA QiVnUWTIIaBaf Oml KNNOl PaVWBt, mW 6HMUC ta^lKke* mTm«5» oiTmtommat toother6 forco^eetioe Hemade jjj^ ^^GSAX. only daughter eg Chartoe X and Mary G. Ados, aged 4yearsand 6 rnonaba.The relative* and frauds ef the family are invited toattend tbe funeral on Teeoduy eJHrnmn at one o'atasb, from the ronmanoa of bar varenta, No. » Wee* forty «*w-*-—- •-.,.,- hotel hiinn nrtlCmd haH eBmrntrnWported to maw;^^jEJffmiJwE!****wan isiadsail tram the 1 next ajmmmm to wBLAXLRX.—In BiAxurT^agedaayiand (he members ofu rnedtomeetattneLodgero.AITuesday afternoon at halff tend hteUntitlefd Duocument eral from am tarnentry to them; If not, me charge arnWrnyfelltotheground,Artttwm asambytaepn atoertheretonodoubt. Thequestionwhal. _ . •0jy«ejBmmMl aB BmmmYBfBmBSV mmmttSttttOA O f ttOe> 0OO0BQB BipOaBDAM SCHM. PrB. rve,la*tn New Fork, or *rmn°oer't^eclal S rR.J. HART ACO,,BERLIN A SON.^utohces. Tne offence may bestreet and Fulton avenae Htoi*masn»WIBnmsheet. New Ysrk. VERY BODY USE* D E OsVATH'S BLECTRIC OIL. FOBsaleby BARNES APARK. Uaad 15Parkr rrtee. I t ota.. M ekv. and & par beQte.FRAMCR, BROADBRRT8 ACO.,- Wilmington. Delaware.D r a w l a fo fH o d g e t ,D a v i s<iiDrawingsries, WOOD, KDBT A CO., Managers.r t u v i u , eaoofiL A , KXITTUCKT AJTO iOVTSJUBS.StateMISSOURILotte-STATSoTttea DelawareHerring's PatemtandburglarproofBarm BUBroadway,cornerofMurrayNew York.Barry'i Tricopmeronscheapest article for diesftog, beautifying etoaaatof, curling. preserving and restoring the hair. Ladies, try tt. bold by all druggists.Batcheler't Hair Dye,WigandToipenfactory to removed to 16 Bond street.PrivatetorAcalf drees Beets.AComplexion—--Laird'sto health byChampion Firehave been temlyarn, while the PUJa purily thelatherLAWSOJ*—Wausm.—to thte city on Thumday, Feb. 1 4 , byBev.Dr.Mitchell,LmrnH.l^waov toMasAmrmA> Waitsn,daughter oftnnlateThemaa Welber, aUofcms- Anas.—On Safcoxday evening, Ban. 18, JAJOTTThe, popular aruate, LIQUERS —DandU.iMT JULEP. APPLs, JAMAICA: ana s iButlera n dConor, of8 1ste w toDrsHAJi.-h'addenly, On Sunday, Feb. 19, at Ho.11.teasrtwo o'clock, from h a residence, 1 8 0 East Forty second street, near Second avenue.nhnotepaperspleasecopy.Sun and HKRAID.Lrnxu—At Hoboken, N.J.,onSunday morning, Feb.invitedtoattend. Theremainswill he token toBridge- port, Conn.HENDRICKSON,BLAKE ALONG. GeneralThe funeral will take ptece from the residence of hisVAIJLNTLVX.—On S a tu r d a y , F e b . 1 8 ,the bekrved wife of Charles Valentine, and third daughter ofJamesD.McMann, Esq.,ofcongestionof thelungs,ta her 2Mb yearThe relatives and friends o f t b e family a r e requested to attend t b e funeral, without further invitation, from herVELAZQUEZ.—On Sunday. FeO. 19," M*XIA.VO VELAZQUEZ DS LA CAOESA, in the 82d year of his age.resting decay, and imearttag the racists hws ef health to toe Fills,-Per. gamsandBps Fersalsjat RDMTOJfg, whslseslssadm-ato, Broadway, somer Canal street, and Btoumy ssrselALTERATIVE, TONIC, DIURETICAND ANTI-DYSPEPTIC CORDIAL8TOMACH BITTBB. LEDIARD'S MORNING CAM*BesuretoaskforLsdtard'sMoreatg,Chdi._J«j^^S nahte atsmaeb bitter in the world, hei- strengtheastoniilgeatlveorgans,aad arresvitality to the coats of the sammsbBtoivaiuacieei«^"^.i»siariTn iaeBe"*,TM»Esash ned.toiKisaiasmMW n_«.? a « u m entercs„OBD WARD'S LIn aU eases of ai dropalcsJ tendency. hUgeaera^y the eaty =•»*»Utosix-ln b« EJ^craain. lateofthaicity.www.fultonhistory.comtheentryInthe bookoft eerpo. Greenwood for tatermoit. By" j i^TKIR, W. M. *_.oeeaarv that the book should be*JI,. .and to be delivered oatofUto t>nk.AIM CAanau..Sec , _Sunday, Jan. It,Mr*.StsWeadwAyThomas M. Tryniski309Fulton New York 13069South4th StreetEsiocrsebwtin?* OVaVAJiX.gtawIew> 