 ' IPox SAI.X ETXXYWXJOUUMaBufrotured by 1L C. 8rAU>iaro k. Co., No. 48 Cedar-it. •Poat-Offioe addceaa, Box No. 8,600. •i'on "two occasions," there was a falling off i nFowler's weekly deposits that should have awak-ened inquiry and apprehension. But nobody wasawakened! Mr. Holt was so busy putting out the.the telegraph.MR.LINCOLN'SLECTURE.appropriations, the House might be ready jto ad- journ to-morrow or next day. For many i years past, the public and private calendars have not been so well cleared, and this is the first time that the appropriation bills have been so far advanced that the amendments of the Senate have been printed and thoroughly scrutinized. Heretofore theyhavebeendelayedtillthelasthoursofthe^T - '*"ltl j | | -_•_i•nriruuirmm—li -•—-—•- ,.end does not appear. • The report via Taolglco see r that these deposits are /made, and that that Zuloaga had, escaped from Miramon, and had responding provisions of the Tariff of 1828, whereof they come up to the average weekly reyenueB.! assumed the Presidency at-tho capital, receivejr|l no; wJgWfcrfto._ _of a Department sanctions an' outrage upon public or private right, what wonder that his subordinates apply his principles t o serve their own purposes ? During several months; past, Mr. Holt has been encouraging and sanctioning the violationAof the!'THE METROPOLITAN BANK-NOTE REPORTER, correctedfcvtheMelropoHUn Bank and Gv/ynnefcDay. will Ttoiss^iMs xoierwe, describing aeveral new counterfeits. yorsalo by tho Mews Dealers. j • 'UNDERGARMENTS POR W ARM WEATHER.- Bkitif TW»M«I and TWirtnkahle. AU Blzeeand Qualities.CsM, Examine, and Compare.! A. RASKIX k Co.,No. 96 Bowery.-'newloantofundtheTreasuryNotes;andwhat can bo done by that body may be done by thenodoubttrue;and,iftrue,theircriminalneglectis plain. But is that any excuse for Mr. Holt ? pretext, for making this difference a ground of suggestion fixed upon the 25th inst., which; willr.'.»'., A..»«».U>,J^>»-»»<J, •^..JMJU»HH.,.jL„l,lilliii|i'H" mV tW-»X-««j»-'J*»"^rtuikttefMrta«*at£ot»of theday. *«o$fc wo »HScMKER, I860. • '•:•,.. .'.-:•>.•„•• Thei^«t»«*«*&*»"*«rFji«no»Aia» HAT* »OX GjEma-^ f X S S t i D g anJ fsstldlous. /anaru- of high and low'" "BROADWAY SURP ASSED—STRA W GOOOS.—Ev- own righteous and beneficent Homestead Bill and109] Tbf. DawejytJ<B$8 """BLOOM: BEAVEB.—Oentlemen*» Dress Hat, thegreatly tend to prevent fraudulent entries, and t o simplify the assessment and collection of imposts. Its increased and unfluctuating duties on Iron, Steel, &c., & c , will rapidly and largely extend the. production o f those metals on our own soil, and diminish their importation from abroad. I n -stead of shipping off more Specie than our vastannual product—as we did last year—or runningmore and more deeply in debt to Europe for Metals,Wares, and Fabrics, as we have been doing prettysteadily^since the fatal Tariff of 1846 took fullmaster-General. After the accession of the pres-ent Third Postmaster General Mr. Fowler becamemore -cautious in this particular. The depositswere made weekly, and in amounts not likelyvtoexcite Bu«picions on the part of one who had ho;other guide than the average* of proceeding weeks,during all which time a- defalcation had been The payment of Mr. Lincoln's expenses was one thing;, the] fee the want of some able and influential leader in the**—"•f •ZEPHYR MERC*O UNDERGARMENTS,'AtJLurxrj'a,No. 96 Bowery.MEN'S GOODS. ~TJTO»-SHTRTB, D W W I M , NXCK-TIM, GM>VJ», tec.,"Mr. LJncoln made tho same speech (orlecture)fa New-York,give him weight with delegates from that section.B i n m*»^S^toS^tb*P«poi«"toroNo.«1 NaaMu-ot, at-retail,sanctioned the violation of the United States Mail by his subordinates, for the plunder and destructiondepriving Douglas .of his important aid at the most critical juncture. " t'The impression gains ground that the Conventioft' would invite such men to come here from their dis- cannot agree upon any basis of-compromise, B0&No. 366 Broadway. Opposite International HoUL«ry%S^tf»^^-•Fmsr and OXLY IMPORTATION, .the JEDDO by the Senate. We especially thank Mr. ColfaxCity. Here is its rejoinder to our strictures':"Did Henry Clay do suchjobs, or John C. Calhoun.?J-^hc, Is even Horace Greeley. thus paid, when he goes camjm^gijdng?his defeat, no matter what else may follow.Mr. Douglas will suffer most at Baltimore from. " Japanee*," "Great Eastern,"- and- " D E The formal,presentation of the belts to Heenan andGmooTt" Gramte Hall Clothin*House,No.l42Fult©a-st., are Sayers took place at the Alhambra Palace, London, the "Item*" of the day. Summer Suit, ** to $1°; Alpaca!a(ore health when they have been need at the commencement aickneaa, and where nature waa not entirely exhausted.ofjoyed the Speech or Lecture as we could not p a v e done had we participated at Mr. Lincoln's or)any one's cost but our own. W e rejoiced that hej iwasSold at,"J - .stancesthat,withanydecree'ofcare,couldnot, toGov.Sewardhasbeen"calledout.'*§80No. 294 Canal at., 296 Bowery, No. 4 Union Square,and at CAJOTBKX'S,Comer of 8th-av. and 28th-«t.ests of White men worthy o f some attention? Why not tell us what is the Democratic doctrine with regard to the Homestead policy ? Ditto therelatively smaller but positively greater than they now are.W e trust, therefore, that the House will nottributing our mite.: .Ctao?x» A BAKJER'S NOISELESS ' P AKIL T SawurQ-MACxaw.TBX Bnar nr Uaa.• Be. 460 Broadway, New-York.by his own confession, have been concealed a singleWHEELER A WILSON'S SEWTNG-MACHIXEB. **We prefer them for iamfly mae."—fTrlbune. *IheyaretheflmritMforftardHe«.'>—[Timea.Office, No. 80S Broadway, New-York.gan early and still persists in the imputatiolnjofsinister motives for our difference of opinionjlatChicago. Therewasnooccasion,andnodSjcent rescindthedayofadjournment,andatMr.Hale'siGEORGEB. SLOAT & Co.**CELEBRATED ELLTP- TIC LeoK-SmcH AX» SBUTTUI Sxwnmo-MAOHnrn.and has he relieved his own Department ? Any one who reads his letter must see that, while hesubsequent bitterness or controversy. W e sin- give an additional week, if the House should con-3S»There is a most remarkable concealment of dates"hut tbe ite toko^ No. 1*2 Putton-«t., BrooUyu.self in this unexampled proceeding ? Observe i t Auburn and kindred attacks, whereby it 1 was"called out." On the contrary, The Journafibe- unsuited to practice his profession.G H. COLUSI, No. 480 Broadway.cerely desired that such controversy should be cur. Messrs. Hale and Cameron expressed the\week. What excuse does Mr. Holt offer for him-1'•'•j- -' * "FRIDAY; Jtnsns 15,i860; ;^TOOO^^SPOKDBSTS.Woc«anotmidert«ket»retarBrt)i6ot*dCommanlo«tlon«.No »©tioe oen be token of Aaoaymotu Commu^ttona. Wha»* everte intended fox insertioa matt ho »atoenttc»t*d bV tbodressed to HORACB Quxaxxt k Co.MM*TM. DAVIS' & "W>ox.TroKTk, ST. JOMSPH, Missouri, hareTjtB D A I I T and Warncrr TKIBTJWX for sale.We heartDy thank the House of Kepresentatives fat having yesterday resolved to ADHERE to i t sLargenumbersofdelegatestothe^Itimore Convention have arrrred, and are conferring;wj&k these deposits. "Yet, it does not appear that any last accounts, was on his way t o the Cjfirof their friends in Congress as to the poHcy to be pur. sued there. The proximity between this capital and t i e 'Convention, together with the direct per. sonal influence which can be exercised by the Pre# dent and Cabinet, are prejudicial to Mr. DougW* coin because he was paid for his' lecture in, this ienterests. Every effort will be made to compasadefinitively rejected the miserable mockery offeredfor having put the points o f radical difference between the two bills so clearly before House and the Country. The issue on this question is now clearly made up—we are ready to go to the jury upon it. After repeated efforts to effect a'com- promise between the two bills, it is settled that none can be made—at least, none till the Peopleshall have been heard from. Only madness can doubt their verdict.We have some additional European intelligence by the Niagara. I t appears that Palermo was captured by Garibaldi on the 27th of May, after a desperate combat o f six "hours' duration. T h e Royal troops took refuge in the palace and other public buildings, when they were driven out, andthe palace was burnt in the evening. The loss in killed and wounded was.very considerable. Other towns i n Sicily had risen. The Great Eastern would leave for New-York on the day appointed.going on.' '••'.••'• . ..'• '.••,'. './•!:V,'../MR. JP. BI..G. H b l i T ANi> T H E VOWKEK- at the Cooper Institute, before tho Young Men's R.BPU|I|ICAX Mr. Stephens of Georgia was expected to performD X F A L C A T I O N . meeting. Dli he get $200 additional here 1 The chargel^*' [en- thfs part at Charleston, but coold not attend, being Every one must remember the extraordinary ter was two shillings a head. As Tn» T M B C X B ia lm|>arting then engaged in an important criminal case in Ala-W — ^ — » — — W ^ ^ ^ W ^ — •The National Democracy being about to resumeat Baltimore the love-feast adjourned thither fromCharleston, we are moved to renew our entreatythat they cease to " agitate the Nigger question."What can be the use of a persistence: in this use-less and dangerous agitation ? Are not the.inter- Own Iron, Steel, and Cloth, our Imports would beone hundred and seventy thousand dollars have beenembezzled in the New-York Post-Office! 2d, that, ciations, if there was a Republican Young Men'sioMifetfowri diatribes.^readers—takes:.:'-h'A^'??/•the leadi ath086by law t o make weekly deposits of his current re*;V W e dare The Postthis Tariff to which i t has- objected with the ooisSjBS^wspffip^^^jlS?'^ Postmaster-General t ot o compare the provisions of.,'• ,> A:.„.• BECETsTCD BY --y • •';F r o m >Va»*liInfftots. Special Di»psrfoh toThe H.T. Trfbtrae,W ASHINGTON, Thursday, June 14, lgfoN). THE BALTIMORE CONVENTION. •&mdone. The public stomach JB fairly turned by it. ing tne Treasury Notes without consenting to anI WnXCOIStGlBBS'SSEWING-MACniNE. Justthinkof,addressingtobeardedmensuchincreaseoftheTariff,wemustbelievetheHouaemakestheguiltofothersplain,hisowninnocenceavoided;but,sinceithasbeenorderedotherwise,convictionthattheDemocraticmajoritydidnot**la a pubtto benefaction."—[Boaton Tranaorfat." Is preeminently adapted to iamfly aae."—£Phfl. ETC. Joor transparent bosh as the following, which we clip majority deficient in courage and resolution. And,is by no means established, and the complicity of we have no " regret" to utter. his Department is clear. ' !intend to pass the important measures which the House had sent over—Kansas, the TariffJ the Homestead, and the like, had long been doomed, and no extension of.the session would save either.. PrJee 090. SaJenroom Ho. MS Broadway, ©pp. St. Nioholaa'BATCHELOR'S HAIR J>TE, Wig «»d Toupee from a Richmond dispatch to Tlte Herald:let it not be forgotten, thote who declaim so loudlyNo. 16 Bood-rt. Prrrate entrance forladUa. fa theaky-lighttooma. :The Dye •against what they style the Mjjprill Tariff have notTHE FOWKEB pEFJkXCATIOIV.The report o f the Postmaster-General on the Fowler defalcation, in answer to the call upon him by the House of Representatives, shows clearly what we had already presumed, that only by most culpable negligence, if not complicity at Washing- ton, was that defalcation suffered to go on accumu-We trust that Congress will not adjourn wilhiput andparticulars. Forinstance: Mr.Holtunder- providingfortheconstructionofatelegraphtojthe takes t o defend his Third Assistant, and says: Pacific. This is a matter Of pressing necessity, and no trifling obstacles should be allowed to pre-BARRY'S TBJCOPHEROUS is the bent and cheapest crttcl* for DreaaiM, Beaatifyfaf, Cleanafac, CurhW Preaerrfaf, aadReatoring the Hair. Ladiea, try it. Sold by gnggrta.WHXSKY^-S. T . SUIT'SKENTUCKY SALT BITER.The House referred the change o f adjournment to the Committee on Ways and Means, with the vent it. Whatever bill may be passed should limit intention of being governed by 'the state of busi-tbeTrei l>ilLB o o u o V sold by all DrugsUta. HXOSXAX k. Co., Noa. 161,339, 511, and "796 Broadway, N. Y.'.' On but TWO occasions, does there appear to have" been such a falling off in the amount (of weekly" deposits) as was calculated to awaken inquiry the price of dispatches t o private parties «&. a ness. With the exception o f the memmherirjg^ B B B s a a s s s i i i i — — — • mm • •'••• '••" '•a—£ ' •'SPALDING'S PREPARED GLUE. * ETerybody should have a bottle."—[Tribune.• ii•amendments, which the Senate- has addedlto the "andapprehension."Hereisaconfessionthat,reasonablefigure.But,atanyrate,letush\ve\ tbeBouieB. T. BABBTPT^S Concentrated SOFT SOAP.—One . fcox makes 40 gallons heat Soft Soap, by simply adding hot water.£1 per box- Liberal discount to grooers. No. "70 Washington-** •^aaaABMBMSMsasnsaeMMSMSM immmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm mm mmmmm—mmmmmm immamemmm-mmm I^IiTHE STEREOSCOPIC EMPORIUM. £.Axraoxr,No.501Broadway. ..Caaelagw sent on receipt of Stamp. Photographic materials Coraaaateuraandthotrade.Vixws o» Rxainxxcxa AJTP Orrr-Doox GXOPPS TAXXIT.FAMILIES going to the country, who wish to our wild rush to vote for him, and thus the Unionlating from quarter to quarter, and to reach s o heavy an amount. So long ago as the close of the year 1856, the accounts ofMr.Fowler, as rendered•"firebrands," as he termed Republican papers, To Vu Editor of The 2f. Y. Tribune.save clothing, time, and labor, ahorUd buy one of the " CATARACT W AaHise-MACXixxs.''.* Exhibition and Salesroom, No. 494'BXOAPWAT.SILVER WARE POR WEDDING PRESENTS, Manufactured and for sale by Geo. C. A u n t , NO. 41> Broadway, one door below Canal-st. _ ^ •Dr. MARSH continues to applyhisRADICAL CURE Ix«nwithsuccess,faaeffectingcure*ofHerniaorRupture. Ledies waited upon by a female in private rooms. Bathing Trusses, Supporters, Shoulder-Braces, Suspensory Bandages, Bflk Elastic Stockings, Knee-Cape, aud all surgical appliances, by JMUxaac k Co., No. 2 Vesey-st, N. Y.; opposite St. Paul's ChurchRcPTURE RADICALL Y C U R E D — B y Dr . RIGGS'S "Water-proof Multipeds! Txuss. Also, a truss for varicocele, fa place of suspensory bandages. Astor House, Barolay-st.FANS—PARIS FANS.New and beautiful styles, just received and for sale by Geo. C.A U J W , N»> 415 Broadway, one door below Canal-st.Mn.WARD'S NEEDLES. » o x1 W s w u * 4c WIXSOJTI • .SKWIXO MiCHWKI.These Needlea are made by hand, and of the best double-xwfiaed E f t t w Cess-Ste*!, sad W AxxAxnn anrxiuon TO ALLwould be re-riveted and preserved—until the nextthe 8th of August a delusive settlement was made justly fixes criminal neglect o f duty—nor is he when he was invited to speak upon political subjects by which this deficit appeared to be canceled—the speaking of the late Third Assistant, now deceased in New-York by the Young Men's Republican Club. receipts of the week ending with that- date being -^•but he i s speaking of the present Assistant—of To the latteV he replied that he could speak but! <>nce appropriated for this purpose, instead of being, knowledge that was in his own department-^of in thisdistrict,butwouldspeakia New-York aside-edge of any person but those directly interested.THE PACIFIC RAILROAD.The Pacific Railroad goes over, till next session,'butinthoshapewhich the bill is now presented it might have been carried through the House, under the force o f the previous question. A n• o i n i rJ . KKX».MIX.WAXJ».No. 81 Warren-st.. New-York.G&NXUPMEN: The undersigned, stockholders of| t h «Theconference on the Homestead bills failed toIf any one should ask us what in our opinion, arrived at by an impartial teat, waa the best and most honest compound remedy for preserving and beenttfrinjr the hair, andHowever,i ti sn o timprobable." And here I hare alarming intelligence to communicate toyon. From all that I can learn, from every source of informa- tion,thereisasettledpurposefatheSouth—notamongDemo- seenfittoproposeanyother/^ crats alone, hut men of all political opinion?—to resist by force of,arm* the inauguration of Lincoln, should he be elected either bythe popular vote or by the House of Representatives. They saythat, being elected only on a sectional issue and- by Northernvotes only, he would not be the President of all the States, butonly of a section; that the very design of his election is to with-draw the Constitution and subvert the rights of tho SouthernStates, and that they will thcreforo strike a blow in anticipationof the abortion scheme. They also say that they regard Douglas,ai no better than Lincoln. Hence affairs are 'becoming very crit-ical, and it will require great wisdom and moderation at Balti-more to solve the difficulty and avert the impending crisis. TheNorthern Democracy is not sufficiently alive to" the dangerwhich threaten! to engulph its organization and the Union to-gether."toeElection.T U BThat the Public Debt has been materiallyMr. Fowler appears t o have been stimulated by has been one of profound peace—that there are the indulgence thus shown him. to still bolder Opera-tions. I n the course of the next quarter, $40,974 were added t o the deficit, which, by the 30th of September,.1858, amounted t o $75,879. On the 15th of November following, another delusive set- tlementtook place, the receipts for the current quarter up to that time being employed to balance the old account. The Sixth Auditor, whose books show conclusively this gradually accumulating de-•T A R I F FQ U E S T I O N .deposited, as they should have been, i n the Sub-Treasury, t o the credit o f the current quarter. was not sleeping on his post, and ignorant of whataired, provided the Brooklyn Committee wouldljgive way. This they would not do, unless they could c&lject their usual fte for admiaaion at the door. To this'Jtheincreased under Mr. Buchanan, though his termknowledge that he himself should have had, if heacompetentPostmaster-Generalshouldknow.New-Yorkers-wereobligedtosubmit.*'- | ascertainedmajorityintheSenatestoodreadytoTwenty Millions of Treasury Notes, about to falldue which the Treasury is unable to meet—thatthere are heavy claims against the Governmentwhich ought to be adjusted and settled—and thatthe Presidenthas repeatedly urged Congresstoprovide for the exigencies of the National serviceby revising and increasing the Tariff, while render-:ing the duties Specific, so far as possiblo^—theseare facts which the benighted can scarcely ignore, ficit on the part of Mr. Fowler, alleges that thispoh#?. Congress should compel him to answer.The few hours intervening was all the time he'jiad topreparethat remarkable address,which youjfoftvc since published as a campaign document. „ fi | |and not even the knavish will venture to deny. W e do not know how much is due- to the Oregon War claimants; i f nothing is due, then pay them nothing; but it is utterly wrong and inexcusable to shuffle off a decision on their case, and throw thesettlement w a s . made by direction o f the then Postmaster-General, now .deceased; but there is n o evidence o f this fact, beyond his bareof Mexico, turned aside to attack Guadalaxara, To the Directon of the American- Telegraph Company.which Gen. Scott took with a garrison of 2,700Xeetoriaca»*yhairtoitsoriginalcolor,andthelockstothebald-loadoveruponthenextAdministration.SowithFowler'sdeficienciestheSixthAuditormayhave beadod, we should without hesitation say Prof. O. J. WOOD'SBAH JtxeTORATivx See advertisement i s another column.— other claims, debts, or dues. Let them be square- made t o the late Postmaster-General, he madeGuadalaxara the same day, and that his cavalry byD Arohibald, bill any vitality. The House was ready to yield 1. D. Field, J. Hepburn Clark (trustee), 1_ __. . „ . . _ „ .ThiB'Wajtopiee'Oj" use of an Committe I Mr:SM X>em.r In«JLosdsviUe Journal. Sold by all Druggists. Depot No. 444Eroadwey. g (were preparing to follow the flying enemy.ard Cooper, Abraham S. Hewitt, Horace Galpen, Jbbn ]?, Gray, David Hoadley, E..H. Gray, Edward Livermoore (trussomething, i f any practical good could have beenCLXREHUGH'S WIGS and. TOUPEES are perfec-rejection; do not let the beggarly condition of theWere presented to bim on a plate of gold, and at the other towns triumphal arches, illuminations and shouts efweleonie marked hi« progress. The journey of the IPressdeot is the great topic of the day, and eclipsesto render them immediately. Along with these accounts, which showed a deficiency of $155,554, he sent confidential letters, addressed to the Firstmro'-rra TM^J£1F&ix*ay> 7 0 u r ehedlent servantsJ next day by printed copies of a decree recalling ^T^SJ^-F r K L ». AfiRAHAM 8. HEWITT,' ]» •— ! - •' •:••"."•• •• •rrji'Hr \. There will bo a meetingof the shareholders of! tho to join his army on the march against Uraga, sen American Telegraph Company, at No. 4 Wall j$reet,ThecolonyofemigrantsfromIxmisiana.numbering livelyactionagainstit,andstimulateditsorgans »ome two bundred, have settled in 4 desirable location into a preternatural display o f acrimony, and of- Assistant Postmaster-General, confessing a defal- of property and borrowed money. Hence origi-and it is hoped that every shareholder will be pN»entor which may be communicated.The report of the Committee on Election* ia thsly met and disposed of by settlement or blunt none to the present Pastmaster-General, who tooktee), JumesJ. Kvau, JamesG. Bounett, M. Y. Beach for]Bythesamearrival,wehavefurtherexplana- " '"""" M.S.accomplished,butnodispositionwasevincedto'B., M. C. Riggs (executur and agent), A. A. Low, BrownfiBJBoth-tions as to Zuloaga's attempt to resume authority ers It Co., Jiunes Vreeland, No. 122 Dutrao street. meet their friendly overtures.assertion.Whatever communications on tho subject of Mr.men. Uraga had 7,000 men, including some pect of the pending controversy between the Directors and ;the reach any satisfactory agreement, a3 was antici-troops from Jalisco, by which he had been joined. FresB, beg that you will call a meetirig of the Stockholdeb a s pated. The Senate side obstinately held out and early as possible, to take this controversy into consideration, andthe p«o* J eubject fx mhet.!-JJiiVithe basis on whickvj[u%c^ra(j^ as PresidentChad ceipts in; the Sub^Treasury, and it i s the duty o f ; 'Mtherto^en reeopiized. JHow this affo^j'jw to^mmm^m^&mM^&^^^MsJW^sm&^->Ill Will....jfot>i*w»i<»*fr**- *a< all:wt fr6i tbe'%Beprew Jntb<*Hr.i*"' K'diouV Totedlfor •ontriet,*ar*niYa Martinm5formachi fesr• mezsiSeveral The o ; i i•ygr»s.,'&kc a n s a t K< of the H< pnrpoee f JThevot«I' Several «teelMr. Fi JPrintitg, the SmnrMr.Wl extending *nleee a ciiivouldbe; Mr. HU - Mr.PL:ihetabk. • Mr.WI '-•get throe:«nsidttbe conti; xew-dsy*., Mr. BU gi\X moreMr.Wl rickwickiPending ^ppropwGreat dressed thMr. DA' dent, make. The V i>!e&aartr.Order poncd for %r&n againBut, between the 1st of January, 1857, and the let confirmation, and probably refers merely were chief tirchitetets.'0^^f^^^^^i]0^^i& of January, 1859, there were eleven weeks dur- decree already referred to. Whether the.its oracles, Martin Van Buren and Silas^Wright,Tariff of 1860 will; be found more m^ing which no such deposits were made, while they; Ministers will adhere to, tbe position they hiname and addres* of tho wTitor—not neoeaaerJly for publioa- less obnoxious in every respect to the strictures of repeatedly fell so far below the general average, >Bumedr now that Miramon has obtained tfon, bat u a guarantyfor bl« good firfth. /BusinessletteriforTHXTRIBPXSshouldhialleasesbead- ThePost. A' ;„•:.;.'•'S£;JfJ:thatthedeficiencymusthave'attractedtheatten-victory,remainstobeseen,andalsowhat ;tion of the officer whose duty it was to look after tie course of the Spanish Minister, who/ a t commend it to general favor. Its Specific Duties will communication of this fact was made to the Post- .Mexico.-. .. • •' r •But the features of the proposed Tariff to which The Post most objects are mainly those which mosteffect, we shall produce more, import less, keepourgoldathome,payoffourforeigndebt,andletterofPostmaster-GeneralHolt,inwhichhe. bama.HewillnowJ>ekeptawaybyillness*thuslight,pleaseshedmore." ; *.• 'JH!-' — W e cannot say what "jobs" Henry CI|y! por John C. Calhoun did; but, i f they did anjr^ jweof the importers to find utterance through ThePost. lic right, and positive law has never been known i nsecure far Bteadier employment and better remu-neration for our Labor than we have recently had.And it is the prospect of this that causes the fears Of what he Was pleased to term incendiary docu-hope they were paid for them. And we should ments: A more bold and flagrant violation of pub- consider that aociety or board very meah^ftatinterests are more hostile than when they separate! Mr. Buchanan's Administration has imposed a things that crime begets crime, and when the Head As to Horace Greeley, we can answer preciiely before,'and each charge the other with.thte re#pcifc.this or any other country. I t i s i n the~nature oftant homes to speak, and let them go away unpaidconsiderable funded debt on the nation, such as noGovernment should incur i n time of peace. T oadd the Twenty Millions of Treasury Notes to thisdebt would be every way impolitic and wrong. I tis time that we stopped running in debt and beganto-pay off, and the passage of the Morrill or Houso. mails. At the same time, his subordinates have likes being paid decidedly hotter than the o|herway. He has paid out a good many dollars of |his would be to diminish Importations, and this.might. If Mr. Holt had been mindful of the duties of his own money as traveling expenses to, andbill would insure this result. True, its -first effect been plundering the revenues of the Department.keep the Revenue for a time at or near the present standard; but soon the increase of Home Produc- tion, the gradual conversion o f involuntary idlers,places where he was invited to speak; and, W | detection? On the 16th of May, the House of *he was younger and greener, ho used toRepresentatives called on Mr. Holt for an explana- quite the thing; since he kas grown old and spiae- what weary, he does not like it so well. Ana Mr.Price,25CentaperBox-^_ '• TariffbillnowpendingintheSenate?Ditto,thetamelysuccumbtotheSenatewithregardtothisduringthewholetimehehasbeeninoffice!TheseTJte AlbanyEveningJournalexpresses"sincereSUPERIOR DRESS SHIRTS TO ORDER, Manufactured by S. A. Hvtcaursox, Andaperfectfitguaranteed,at'QjnoM AgawJFaj No. 687 Broadway.struggle for Freedom and National integrity i n vital matter. The raising of Revenue is the spe- embezzlements were in sums and under circum-Italy ? Do let the " irrepressible Nigger" have the go-by for once, and pay some attention to mat- ters o f common interest to the exclusion o f sec- tional strife I Take pattern by the Republican and the Old Gentlemen's .Conventions, neither of which was convulsed nor distracted by controver- sies concerning Negroes. _',,'. .'.;•." regret" that the private letter of Horace;G»>fley fact that one Pennsylvanian is' already on the—-Anotherpoint:Theremustbenomoreexper-iments on the nerves of timid old ladies. TheBugaboo line of business has been entirely over- House also. If the Senate shall succeed in fund-cialprerogativeoftheCommons:itiscontrarytothe spirit and plain intent of the Constitution thatthis vital power should be engrossed, o r evenequally shared, by our House of Lords. The Sen-ate has repeatedly engrafted very important unre- well: He labors to cast the blame chiefly upon lated measures upon the Appropriation bills: i t the Sixth Auditor, and indirectly on the Treasury threatens to do thiB with regard t o the proposedoffice, how could the Fowler fraud have escapedS o u t h . • .'.-', • •';. V': •. ' •-.;' Coat*.**to*5,©tUtrgarmentsfaproportion.Callat"Dxonthe-'^Othult.Atthesittingoftheenlargedlivingonnexttonothing,intowell-paid,well-fedtion.On.the5thofJune,havingtakennearlya Mr?BK:GmooTa," No. 142 Falton-st., between Broadway and Nassau.Bosh for SUMMER CLOTHING at No. 145 Fulton- * a t Those AXTACA SACKS andLixxx Dcsrxxs attract the crowd. ^Look for No. 145. ' , . . . • ' • v-CAUTION.Colored firewoika are well known to be liable to spontaneousand, unions wade by experienced prrotechnUts, are ,.. • JaagexoDS. EvO**a prodnctioxia are free from this 'to Mieaad property: and can be bad at'all time*, by ap- ;at their depoc. No. ICT Broadway^ aorneriof Maiden-lane.SARATOGA, NEWPORT, AND CANTRELL. Mia***' Maatera', and CMtdren's Shoes, Gaiters and SQppers for ladlea; patent leather, Kranch ealfaJda, and lubatantial Boota for country wear for gentlemen, at CAXTtt&r/a, No. 823 Broadway, tetweca 11th and Jgt-haU. ^ _BRANDRETH^S PILLS.For one hundred and sfae yean, they have never failed to xe-the Con;through t •Mr.HMr. Ci .DecemberMr. Cdo not adj ©f the Sei extend ;he Jttonday. fjMr. H Once ferr { hoXf. and-waa reli» (Laughter »c va:a A»Denjocni , no use toandhoidin ' Let then, •was no hyania (Bi era of Ci anginthe| speoxed' laoghter.j Mr. B|. ..BiaeoMtr1 • , Mr. Wleas24. 1]The the 25thThe cor 'Jbillwas•of the Ch* -wasdiecu Keces:»•^TheSeJat Mr. Tj>0permitting cases.' TheBfi <he Seoati>m.; JSx. TOjfie4 by fk too^ import; .The SenXegialati^ tratioo of1Mr. HU jnittee, rk; Thebifl the SenaKH ,Mr. ADiee on L adopted,heir of Dei io jconvcjr fulacknos present;a »rary.;Mr.PET tee, report the puliiic $284,000 1"Which o<>rjireyett0 TheHo State ofltl Mr. H i joint resol ccutyto, UIMr.HO tionalsc'it; Ing of |3( given out ior two r<: Mr.HA cause it i failed.! Therew 1 hlr. CLrJRailroaqC the bill V- isftbthaev j>een remfead H1W» the sersio' therefore, afford asf.«It is stated that Miramon with his army reached ex3p>ress their views of the aome. : . Yours, &c., H:', refused to.make the least concession, or give their Pet^jrCooper,DudleyfieldbyD.D.FieldJeanieL:Fi«ld !ffhoA*Council of the Austrian Empire, the Hungarianrepresentatives proclaimed the loyalty of the Hun- •• garian people. It is reasserted that Russian troops were being concentrated on the frontiers of Turkey.* An official inquiry had been instituted into the complaints of the Christians", by the Turkish Gov-ernment.TBUB 2>£UZOCRAC1L' A T BALTHIOBE.workers,.would cause our Imports to expand to month t o prepare his defense, he has furnished Lincoln, be it noted, is two years older stilL ||jj ,their present aggregate and beyond it; pur Im- a letter to the Speaker of the House,, which is ports would be relatively less, but positively morethan now, because of the immense expansion of our power to consume and to pay. The agricul- tural valley, which now buys its Iron from Europe, would buy less Iron after a furnace had been put into successful operation, therein; but its busy thousands of miners, choppers, teamsters, furnace- men, & c , & c , would very soon consume a larger aggregate of foreign goods/and contribute more per annum t o the Revenue, than that valley has ever yet done. And this instance illustrates a general law. If we were this day making ourof Congress, bui o f the people o f the United States. . It" is a most remarkable document, not; only for the guilt that i s acknowledged, but for what is vainly attempted to be concealed.-In that letter, Mr. Holt acknowledges, 1st, thatthat in' compliance with the invitation and connjact of the literary association aforesaid^ Wha1;|ar- rangement, if any, that association made wiiagny other, we do not know, nor is it any of burj busi- ness. We only know that we paid our quar|flt| to hear the speech, got the full worth of our money, and heartily thanked the association—or twoilalsso-during his administration of the. office ! T h e b l a m efor the concealment of eighty thousand he imputesto two men who are dead, and can make no de-fense of themselves, namely, his predecessor, Gov. to be paid, andthat^e had the privilege of Con- A. V . Brown, and the Third Assistant. < But Mr.the only one last night who voted against attaching the loan to the legislative bill. .SUPREME COURT JUDGE.The friends of Attorney-General j^lack are ex-erting every influence to secure his appointment to the Supreme Court for Judge Daniel's vacancy. His non-residence in the Judicial district, and theHolt confesses that embezzlements were going onat the rate of nearly ten thousand dollars a monthDepartment. All that he says in regard to them isthat he never thought it worth while to stop Dem- ocratic stealing. Why was not Mr. Holt awak-SIH: Your article in relation to Mr. Lincoln iia morning'spaperdoesnotquitedohimjustice.%!U|f—After that, the Bugaboos have only to nomin- at the Sixth Auditor's office, showed a deficit ofateWiseforPresident,anddeclare that they $8,985.. Thiswasincreasedatthecloseofthe won'tsubmittotheelectionofanybodyelse.Ofnextquarterto$17,687.By<.themiddleofgivenoalarm?Observe,heisnotnowspeakingLincolnhad-consentedtogiveahorarylecture:finsession,whenlargesumswereoftenvotedtyycol- course we should fairly trample on each other i n 1857 It had reached the amount o f $23,020. O n . of the neglect of the Sixth Auditor, on whom he Brooklyn in behalf of a committee of young | risen; lusion or other contrivances, without the knowl-Thestorywhichthe(dog)nobleeditorsof'M%« ened? Why did he not inquire? Why did he Express are trying to work up(is briefly this:! j^Cr.!.* Ttco occasions," he saysj should have awakenedinquiry and apprehension. What was the date o f lyn, and the first intimation he had to the contrary wasthese two occasions ? What wsf/s the. amount o f from your notice of the coming address, which he!jjead falling off in each ? Mr. Holt i s silent on these on the cars between Philadelphia and Now-York.|;'|;acceptit. ,THE JOHN BROWN RAID. 'The Harper's Ferry Committee met this morn- ing, to hear Mr. Mason's majority report, which occupied about an hour ia reading. He make* the most of a bad case. Mr. Collamer submitted- M E X I C A N. Accounts received from Havana by the Karnak,confirm the defeat of Uraga. It appears that this general, instead of marching direct upon the Citythe control of affairs in. March, 1859, by the end of tion.—Partingsunstafaable;noturningupbehind;fitwar-Treasurybemadeaneternalexcuseforperpetrat-whichmonththedeficitamountedto$93,938:asPresident,andthesuspensiononthepartofthe iuentaprijranted. Hair work of every kind. No. 290 Broadway, next to ing injustice or temporizing with fraud. Claims, The law expressly requires that the Sixth Auditor A-T.StewartIt.Co. ' ',The undersigned, Directors of the American Telegraph Com- THE ADMINISTRATION CORRUPTIONS. foreign Ministers of diplomatic relations with pany,attherequestofmanystockholders,who are alarmed at TheCovodeCommitteetooknotestimonyto-day,tbe existing differences between tho Company and the newspa-Miramon. Miramonhasneverbeenacknowledged perpress,inrelationto»hechangesinthetariffmadeand;tobe andwillmeetagainonSaturday,toconsidertheMr. §CJ ^nenwwe: andalaw1a w - " - •' ' - • " • • " • . .unliquidated will be bought and sold; and this," shall promptly report to the Postmaster-GeneralHILL'SHAIRDYE,50CENTS—BlackorBrown—Vertfamm.Depot,No.1Barday-st.SoldbyallDruggistsandwhethertheybegoodorbad,involvesinjustice*.*:alldelinquenciesofPostmastersinpayingoverasPresidentbytheforeignMinisters,exceptinthemadebytheExecutiveCommitteehavethisdayrequestedthe ;'Mr.SMPatent Medicfae Stores. Inimitable Hair Cutting atJ Barclay-st.LATXR PROMHAVTI.—We havereceived our Hayti JBh* to May 26.A project is on foot to form an association for the on- Bouragexoentand protection of immigration.and loss. Quick settlements are in any case essen- " the proceeds of their offices," but no communica- tialtofairdealingbytheGovernmentwithits tiononthesubjectwasmadebytheSixthAuditor,character o f substitute, and under a decree o f Zuloaga, issued the 28th of February a year ago, but i n which Zuloaga, BO far from resigning the7 merelyPresident to call a meeting of the shareholders, to be heldiatan early day, in tbe city of New-York, to consider whether a policy cannotbqadoptodtoavertthodisastrouseffectofawarfkrebe- tween the publio press and tho Company.The object of this note is to request either your attendance in qisureetig dirhculties.CYRUS W. FIELD,, ABRAHAM S. HEW WILSON G. HUNT;;ZENAB BAHSTJ*, esq., President American Telegraph 'com- pany. •••;'! • --WM-majority and minority reports. Mr. Davidson, late MarshaloftheNorthernDistrictofIllinois,fileda letter from the Attorney-General to him, writ- ten during the contest between Messrs. Lincoln and Douglas, in which he distinctly admitted, that the election of the former would be most accepta- ble to the Administration, because he had less power to injure tho Democracy than Douglas. Mrt Da- vidson's reply will also be produced and filed. 'iof::aff«cs« i \, Mr. C[Ctoeak fcjr Select Gorecomnie !'• The oo ' •Uithefo •'; i.-Mr.'^l ^>nElecki ^lectioui A'nder.-oi subjectt< : ! TheH< to the In , The m?5th, wj, 0» OM> ieferiedi i-' Sev«inh. ;, Mr>_^- Congs«»/ tobetra Mr.151if Con Jf it t »xterecouira* Mr. Sicitizens.Mr. Morrill of Vermont devoted some time last Congress to the preparation of a Tariff bill, whichthough with every quarterly account the deficit went on increasing, settlements being only made by appropriating the receipts of the running quarterGovernment,temporary administration of it, reserving to him- self the power to resume it at pleasure. Undor what influence or encouragement does not precisely appear, Zuloaga, who has been.living quietly in Mexico ever since he. deputed his authority to Miramon, sent a notification on the 8th o fThe Bfonifcwr announces that the President,of Hayti has been thoroughly revised and then adopted by to meet the deficit of the quarter preceding.has recognized Mr. Louie Gactjerm as commercial agent Sot the TJmWStaies at Saint MarcA new fountain ia to be built in Port-au-Prince, a t the corner Of the streets People and Bel-air.wthe House Committee of Ways and Means at this This process would have gone on till the deficit session. Thus perfected, i t was brought before exceeded a whole quarter's receipts, had not thethe House, discussed, scrutinized, andjpaseed, byDear Sir: The undersigned, Directors o f the ; American Telegraph Company, in accordance with the by law in this case nmde and provided, respectfully re9q0tuest that you willi call a mectinj? of the stockholders, to eld if; of New-York, at as early a day as may bo pracSian overwhelmning majority.cans, with scarcely an American, voted against it, while several Democrats voted for it.where there was at one time a prospect of its pas- gage, in spite of the overwhelming preponderance of Slave Democracy and Cotton. And this, of course, brought the great Importing interest intoPostmaster-General been led, about the end of April, to make inquiries at the Auditor's office into the state of Mr. Fowler's accounts, and finding that no accounts had been rendered for the quarterjsear Saint Mare, in the Artfl>onite.There are frequent arrivals at Port-au-Prince of • volubility in calling names. Very naturally, The nated his removal and the other steps takensame campaign. The foreign Ministers, however, or represented. on the strength of Zuloaga's decree—and probably• ';'Kentucky election case Btatea the official mr^jority ofAmerican Teeaelalndenwith fish and other articles, with Evening Post—which ingloriously shrank from a •WhichthemarketsofHaytiareglutted-Insomein-Jjtances the prices these goods bring barely cover the discussion of the rival merits of Protection and cuwom-house duties.-AsteamerisannouncedtoleavePort-au-Princefor ^Liverpool early in. Jul/*•against him. . 'Nor was the Sixth Auditor the only officer whoMr Anderson, the- sitting member, to be three votW anticipatingthatthefallofMiramonwasnigh- CnorsINCOLUMBIA^OUNTT;—Aletterfrom!pud-thatinconsequenceofamistakeappearingupWmet at the British Legation, and resolved to sus- son says: " Crops in <this county look fair to middung. the face of the poll books m^aomeoTt^e preoia<*»'Only t w ^ Republi-'President Geftrard continued bisjourney through theRepublic -Be was everywhere received with the tive-Bett enthusiasm. Gonaiveswasulaminated every nightfcewasthere.AtCapeHaytienthekeysofthecityThatbillwentinduecoursetotheSenate,endingwithMarch31,Mr.Fowlerwasrequiredhisduties.Thisnotificationwasfollowedup-thebeadoptedinroferouce.thereto. •". ijx SenatorsdeclaringthattheycannotftaiahthepubhVFree Trade, though offered a circulation of its ar-guments among Protectionists at. least ton for one ciencies. The Postmaster of New-York is requiredpend diplomatic relations with Miramon-<-on theferenr. the iiotlmust have known the fact of Mr. Fowler's defi-A F F A I K S .Had not The Express better try some other " hfijfc?'' the views of the minority, which are concise butappointedMirainonto thece with, the consider t h e r m i o n s termined. t o assume the active discharge o f ?Z^ J ^ ^ l J"1*11 $** n«w»J>ap«r press, and the alterations in the Wriff which have been made, and the policy whioWlihouldTo the Associated Press.business before that tiine. Beside*, tbe President adheres to the position he unnounced in hisfirstannuaV ines*age. He will approve no bills without an oppovcv: tunity for full examination be afforded. Accoriuap* toJ present appearance a special Executive'Session wMlb*:May to the foreign Ministers that he had deduo advertisement of the said meeting, toWASHINGTON, Thursday, June 14,1860. The extension of the session ox Cougrees beyond: Monday i s generally considered unavo^dable> the.the powers which he had intrusted t o Miramon. i> nNew York; June 9,1860.That same evening Miramon, who was just about • .cationandaskingindulgencetomeetitbythesale orZuloaga,andobligedhhntogowithhimonthe JSew-York,onThuraday,June528,jitl2o'el<>ckj|);M.; convenedtoconsidertheimportantmattew|W,di»#The Express makes a desperate effort to put a brazen face on its mean attack on Abribam {Linof $200 for a speech now to be used to elect himself, irj; ^to- gether Janothcr thing. b ! }South, who has position and character enough toand positively that he has tried both ways—being paid, and then not being paid, when he has [been induced to leave his home and proper businosl to go off lecturing and speaking in remote localises, and, upon full review and^ careful compariBonl hesibility of that rupture. _•The South CaroKna delegates arc not commis-sioned to Baltimore, but a motion will be made for their admission on the same footing as other scced- ers, which will necessarily be resisted.Two candidates are now regarded as almost in-evitable. Mr. Davis, will be urged by the Southerninterest, but as his name may possibly prejudicethe movement, a combination between Messrs.Hunter and Dickinson is now proposed as the mosteffective mode of striking Mr. Douglas down at theTHE TARIFF.Various Democratic Committees have been seathere from the iron and coal regions of Pennsylva- nia, with a view of making political capital through pretended zeal for the tariff. Their united influ- ence will not control a single vote in either branch of Congress. This whole movement is a sham, and the people of Pennsylvania should understand that the Democratic party in both Houses, with a few individual exceptions, are hostile t o any modifica- tion of the. tariff whatever, and will oppose Mr.ninety thousand dollars of that sum were embezzled interested—for giving us the opportunity. Wij^en Morrill's bill t o the bitter end. Mr. Bigler waaTheExpress befogs itself inexcusably•aboiajtMr. worthy of the most serious attention, not only Lincoln's speech here^ He spoke but oncoiandbench, are urged as objections, but will not ope- doubt. But The Journal expressed no "regret" rate with Mr. Buchanan, if he determines to confer at the appearance of Mr. Raymond's letter jDrom the place. He has heretofore expressed an anxious desire to provide for Mr. Black, who is needy; andMr. Lincoln left home prepared to speak in Brook-AMERICANTELEGRAPHthe Senate to-morrow, jTHE HOMESTEAD MEASURE.,jAmerican Telegraph Company, bomg alarmed at the preset, preawi aas-v ^V1LrSON G;J£JNT' .8A3PLF.B. MORSET 'O.COMPANtcomprehensive, and compress all that need be said into u short compass. Both will be presented toTHE ADJOURNMENT.The Senate took up Mr.,Wilson's Resolution toBye is the leading grain, and looks protty well, i Pota- to the prejudice of Mr. Cusinan, notioe ojf the coat***!; &o.,wasservedupontheparties.Theyenteredteft thatttground that the decree of Zuloaga. deprived him of toes show well; Fruit and vegetables both p^mise * thorough investigation, of the po1 ^ throughout tntfUntitled Documentplenty,"district.The evidence fills two lftvge volumes, A^a 11I"1;r Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 