 roesofthe «r*ofthe r^dewATO sdTh*viagrequestor smoneia]to -Jtuiioo al-woraooi Kokandfec-aae* t>wtaaothietC*haT*b*ea> roaaroua•betweta «whwiaes'«f-which =»«p e»*o. f tho Bas-review* «r Great the xaeas-Joan fortransportth RenVes the day.LLdispatch tnrtnaantl on&renceix. Other Confer-»d Reich* *t^*Ttr>ca *readas Kmpexor iiofrwwthe do- ifron,the .oaJljr,thete*ifected " the ilia-,P«>Oh ia pat down Eft.iu oonee- o?jd<-te ia 00 %e<saeL}nwasre-TO. Thewed, andigon then loetata li>000 i n . T h ei was o a lynotbeEogland. e^redded.ays: r*atfleld,factors, siedin« liabilitiesarmed and"weJfl accostomed tothense oftire-arms, *x>dthatacorpsoffourornvethousandFrenchtroops would be fosnfBdent to obtain order amoog them.J%fLondon.Time*protestsagainsttheproposaltorcsnee the Customs and duti«s on paper to &n extent CDited States, $14 50 to '• $15 per tun. Exchange, 90 Silliman, jr., and J . D Whitney. ostensiblyeqaalizirg theduty with theexcise^a-id days,12percentpremium.;*.sent to the southern frontier. The Fourth of July was adelphia; Standing Committee, J . S. Newberry of CbaB. A Schott, Coast Survey; W. 'W.'H, Wheildon, Charles- whether any practical or desirable result will-be af-m*^^m^mm^^^^^i^"•:fm$$^Wffi:NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, AUGUST 3, I860,obe«rfuUy comptted with by toe owners o f the Liverpool, Lon- £oW*n Time* writes that it is doubtful whether the not reach them. The affair has created considerable sASSQCIA TION,FOR THK ADVANCEMENT Prof. Elias LoomiB made some remarks upon the don, Havre, and other European steamer*.CITYPERIP A TETIC LEMONADE.—Am^g the manjrfbfcr^tt tpecialtios of tradcimportod into thia city, we hare a t Ja*t the gemxhtolimonaJier of the Cbampi ElyTfOe* M.I theBoulevard*. AworthyGascon,perhapsexfl^;Saltan's letter will bare any effect in arresting, or even excitement among the mercantile community ,of yiil- »•:• 1' 85 $ M| '$-§F . SCfENGE^ >•»; •*.Vr.Hi great auroral^ difijplays otfAngiJScv anQ?Septi2, 1859, I will, however, address the Secretary of State tomeaiatety,-•—rff.lAvh.ir tbe French, military expedition, whtca.it ia a^TwSi netbewmpoeedoflewthan$,000or&,000 BW A French irt*rTofficer, whoha*acqoired great exncriein*to Algeria, has reported that tho interior of «_*Lisasfciaccer»iMeasKahylia;thatitspopolatioaparaiso. Incommercialmatters,thereisnothingofimportance•: •.•- NEWPOUT, Wednesday Night, August l.and upon the numerous observations made over a large portionofthe.globe, either directly, or, where day- light prevented, indirectlyuponthemagneticneedle. The airroral Storm extended,over both the Eastern and Western-Hemispheres,andoverthePacificOcean,and inform bim that it is unnecessary that bills o f health should befurnishedbyordinaryvessels,wheresteamersarrivefromthe sameor adjacent ports ofdeparture;andf also, that while*« should always prefer to receive them from our o w n Consuls, they will be received from the local Board Of Hoalth or Health Officers,waenitisinconvenienttoprocurethemfivmtheCon-siys if the Chancellor of the Exchequer were to bring • BOLIVIA.—There is no direct news from thia Repub-The- Asscciation thenadjourned for half an hour toorganize in Sections.-" K : rpewtercupshungonbooksathisbreast-etrap,andtwo- small tumblers stuck in his girdle, he goes'at haff-trot up and down the streets, and stops to sell wherever'/}n the bill oa Monday next, he would certainly be beaten.lic; but, by way of Chili and Peru, w e have rumorsgood, Mr. Jas. Hyatt, and others participated.reasonable requirement.I shall, however; be most happy to receive from the Chamberto note; tbe market is generally well Blocked,and buyers from the interior and the coast are liauted in theirpurchasesatthisseason.'Onthe19thJune,theFromOarOwnReporter. \ :'••'•, V'v--7 h>%$ ;fAtthepointatwhichourIpstdispatchleft,theAs-Vrfiaaentto smonntsto2^200,000,ofwhom,themaleportionarescboc-nerNellieMerrillarrivedfromBostonwithlamsociationwasballotingforsixmembersoftheStand-bothnorthandsouthoftheequator.HothoughttbaVsuls,hiconsequenceofabsenceorremotenessofresidence. forRepublicansentimentswithwhichhemayha^eteeestimateddin1858 TheConservatives,ofcoursecarriedtheday,andNew-Yerk.TheslaverwasseenonthemorningofagreeswellwiththatobtainedbyProf.LloydfromMEETINGS,embar&as- numerous t®od with bemwithin 2857,amount. >njzbtthex-,x*lia-- evitable.' by the r. Caap- uraey 4c le csw*e bi>?etfect fa ipjaea irs<jopin-practioo t^tobe t w a steshould ois had it- B4&k-THE CHAMBER O F COMMERCE.The regular monthly meeting of she Chamber ofMr. MAURY said that it was impossible for that com- mittee to arrive a t a fcatisfactory conclusion in refer-can be saved. In this case the saving will be- double that sun. Tbe two agencies »bonId never have been distinct; and it is probable that they would have been consolidated by the present Postmaster-Generalatanearlierday,ifhisattentionhadbeen called t o the subject. I t i s believed that public considerations of propriety and convenience have been t h e sole motives to ac- tion now. 'f-Or O fJurassic.Prof. R'gcrs continued to say that he fully agreedcompany with some lady friends and a male relative,Onthe7thofMayIreceiveda.communicationfromheAs- hadbeenoutforawalk,andwhilereturningtoher timebythemultitudeofattractionsexhibited. LadiesaudtPowers to a c t i awith Prof. Agassiz as to the proper method of investi- was canted by the burning, of some shavings in t h e gatioh; he was qoif sure that no trustwortny resolfcschildren visit «here in throngs, aud i t i s the ordy place o f amuse- ment in the city where they are certain of being fiteo from an>* rOpdjke, Dr. Gnnn's communication was read, which, troller of the appropriations and expenditures for themous complaints, and tnat one which will accomplish their oare must prove o f immense service t o this large class o f our afflict** f>llow-citizens. Howcompletelythiscompoundwilldoith*s been proved by experiment on many of the worst oases to bohAt 21 o'clock yesterday morning a fire broke out in a stable rear of No. 250 Rirington street, owned by J ohn Rcnny. Loss $100; no. insurance.FIRE IN SHERIFF STREET.About the same hour a fire occurred in the dwelling-house corner of Sheriff and Rivington streets. Damagetrifling. - '°-•.*•;;|;..alls is all that has pussed between the Secretary of State andsubsequently came out upon the'etoop to wait for herfriends/While standing there, Wilson came up, andseizing hold of. her dragged her to the sidewalk andaid it oar Intendente would only Keep his hiiger out of the pie, and not aid Oapma in his iue^al designs againbtthelibertiesof thepeople,1reallybelievethat the word "Revolnc on" would never he heard here; nut his condent has aroused the sympathies of tne Lib-' erals in'favor of their friends in the Cauca, Bolivar, and other States, at present in arms against the Central Government.not BufBcient left-to bear out again from tbe hand, andfinally struck at Lanyard Cay, on the north-east coastof Abaco. OnthearrivaloftheKarnakatNassau,notice was .giv-m that a schooner was on shore there,when several of the wreckers put off to the spot, andbeen'tco modest in disparaging his own labors. H e (llcnryj considered this paper not only very interest- ing, bnfa very markedinstance of the triumphs of pa- tient.,wisely-directed labor overcomplicated difficulties. Mr. Jas.'Hyatt suggested tbat a connection might beihe members was limited. .' • •The meeting was called to order at one o'clock. After the reading and approval of the minutes of the previous meeting, the following gentlemen proposedAt th e suggestion of the President the subject was referred to the Committee on Arbitration.Mr. C. Godfrey Gunther, Samuel Churchill, and Henry W. Johnson, were nominated for membership of the chamber, to be balloted for at the meeting inAfter some unimportant business the chamber ad- to is Mr. Monson Clark, one of the oldest employees in the postalYon are aware of the Intendente's illegal decreeagaix.st the export of arms and munitions of war, andoi his having fitted out a small schooner to blockade her bad returned. The slaver left the coast with 400 ruple of tbe polar-spot period? BuenavenUua a n d prevent Gen. Mosqnera from r e -ceiving, supplies. B y a late arrival iroin thore w eelected: John Armstrong, John J. Crane, Henry H . Crocker, John G. Dale, William E . Dodge, jr., Robert McCoekry Graham. Samuel W. Truslow.journed.service, and in whose department, (the Blank Agency), no er- rors ol administration have been detected or alleged..learnthatonthe3dinst.theschoonerManaeht,from "Punts Arenas, reached there iu safety with a cargo of sixthousandmuskets,&c,whichshemanagedioland before the man-of-war the Istuieua rescued Bueua- ventura. which was not until three days alter ward,where, by bast accounts, »he remains off tae mouth ofquiteyoung,manyofthemchildren;about50are Collegeexhibiteddiograms.ofsomegiganticfoot-marks, females. . .They were suffering much from scurvy and which, be said, bad now been discovered iu nearly all hunger. Thecaptain andmate arenotyetfound. theformations of thefossil-bearing rocks, althoughIt is said ihe former cut his throat tho first day out, they were,first discovered about 30 or 40 yeara ago. He proposed to give some general considerations onand that the mate shortly after was drowned—which, this subject. tHe proposed that all animals known only however,remainstobeproved. Theyhadbeenout bytheirjtraCks,tobeplacedinafamilytobecalledThe PRESIDENT'announced that a vacancy in theexpiration of the ttrm of Mr. William K. Strong. O n 'tions were received and read. vant ; and the good wishes of all who know him will follow hintmorion,Mr.MatthewMaurywasappointed tofillthe. Aresolutionwasadoptedtoappropriate$150topro- intoprivatelife."JNexo- York, August 2,1860. (Advertisement. IAYER'S SARSAPARILLA "",Is a concentrated extract o f Para Sarsaparilla, s o combined with other substances of still greater alterative power as to afford aa effective antidote for the diseases Sarsaparula is reputed.to oare.$••theriverwaitinguntiltneManuebacomesout.ii:.-'tUUC-J *Iftheabovewasall,itwouldbenogreatnews, but a circumstance abiding therefrom is os some im- poitance. Among the passengers Dy the Manuela, Izow Punta arenas to Buenaventura, wa* a young American gentleman from your city, wno returnedtionfromDr.AlexanderGunn,HealthOfiicerofthe tionsinNew-YorkHarborbereferredtotheCounsel1bepur-ajpector ixsaired, RJ)ede-GUHUUOQ,A.—-Tie pondent, ipo^e* toof (Jen.&e conn- wnd, to: adop- ehail e f -Timet>f a a i n - ropo^e afvrtiiica-' for that 00 000 is •U.I year.that tie ami that st^rday. ro'it con-DarEI of toe jtJ^yroaUgaed b j uurnary: o<»:• fiu.iT-mperor, ch troops ry aeedst- i>support 'Europe. rigijansia rewwhofefore, bata h e ad*, it is to (iuog the to allow *he defeomder t h ex>eneon- starbthe)eatioss i s r action, the want <k,r irre-sports re- bi«b h a d the Jkfus- i spread -•a-atout e Draaes in Syria* iln'Av CO ii»owa or of the>powersllarch, '. protec- tor owa oaanity.m arttsa of Tfcs36 days.The American brigantine Empire had been ashore a tthe Orange Keys, and was assisted off by the wreck- ing schooner Superb, the captain of which, with two m*n, went on board to bring her to Nassau to settleLithichnofcoe. There * a s a very common source ofen or in mistaking 'he print of ihe hind foot of an aai-mal .'or that of the fore foot, when superposed I t w d8olien supposed too apparently that bipedal.tracks weremade. **y quairupeds. tne tracks of the fore feet beingport, in response to a letter written to that officer, and which he stated was entirely satisfactory to the Committee. Alter a few explanatory remarks by Mr.for the Corporation to decide if it is legally binding upon the county to pay., toeoa- urder at pfaseon-,The following- report w as received from the Con- Such a remedy is surely wanted by those who suffer from stru-hereinanothervesselabouttneI8ch;whetherhewas'obliteratedbythetracksofthehindfeet. Hehad nexed,asfollows:Balance unexpended Dec. 81,1859. ••••*«(Total appropriations.... . $3,687,577 53Expenditures to July 31,1360. >•»*•»•« . 2,142,369 53 Balanceunexpended , .$1,495,20800ducedl<rthesakeofthen-valuablewooL voyage to this port forty-iix died.Ontheup with mahogany, copper, composition, &c.Advices from Turk's Island to July 7 report salt sellbe st'ould see their tracks, he would make out a very, the Chamber of Commerce at its next meeting, which will take probablecasethathebadBeenthetracksofmooseand placeonThursday.July5. Inthemeantimetneywillfeel obliged lor any t>uggestions yon may give them a s t o t b e best deer. Now^ in order to ascertain what these were, means of removing tbe grounds of complaint wtthout endanger-he did not think tbat a n y comparison with animals, ing the efficiency of ihe (Quarantine regulations o f this port. I t living would help us. The first thing to do was to seems t j the Committee that it might be done by fumisning the inquire what were the animals living in these or corre- State Department with a list of the foreign ports that tho HealthOfficerortheBoardofHealthofthiscitywoulddeemitsafeto sponding deposits. We had many deposits of bones in exempt Irom the requirement of Bills of Health: or still better,a new County Jail, a t a compensation not to exceed become S3nonymous with impost ton and cheat. ot*u w e OMIThere is nothing new here. fl. B M. ships Clioand Amethyst are in port, the latter bound home after a jive years' cruise. The sloop of-war bt. Marys' is tho onlyUnitedStatessbip-^fwaratpresenthere. Major Ileus and lady, of "Washington, *r« iu towu, en rwute to Nicaragua. Tnere is no local news. Everything 3« very nua,and the weather not very agr:e*bi*. There is, however, no sickness. I regret to h*ve to record the death of Or. John GaUaer of New-ifork,for many years o n e of the Railroad Compauys physi-him.SOUTH PACIFIC.Oa the 22d, tbe British steamer Lima arrived fromSSL*2K£i ©oast, bntging about 50 passing-rs, andf.530,000 m specie, for Europe. Her latest dites are:W £ * j » & J u i 7 ~J Callao, 14th; Payta, 17th, Guay- aquil, lyth.CM"-*. Everything continues quiet iu this Repub- lic. Congress &hi a ^ o o , bat as yet none of the lead- ing meaeurts promised by the Government have been brought forward, w which the Opposition begins* to get anpatiexit. T h e press is principally engaged in discussing the question of the continued draiu vt sUrerwin, which, owing i 0 the rates of exchange, is all bought rrp lor the purpose of remittance. According •to aacflieial return, the value of gold a n d stiver ex- ported liom Chili, from i»H to 1860, amounted to |20,717,575. From the mining districts the most favor- able accounts continue to be received, and large prices have been paid for small shares in soaieof toe nowreins-A very eerions fraud on the underwriters of Englandand New-York hasjust been brought tolignt. It a p. pears that some time ago tbe Cbih*a ship atatias Cou- «uowaswreckedonhervoyagefrom"Valparaisoto Rio,oathecoastofBrazil. Sbehad,orwaspresumed to have bad, some nine or ten thousand ounces of spe d e on board (most of which was shipped in good faith), hutitappearsclearlyprovedthattheowneraudcaptam landed tbe specie again, and that the underwritersing slowly a t 7$a>8c.MARINEA long debate ensued on the report of tho Committeeon Civil Courts to pay Charles Brown for rent ofrooms of Superior Court. The report was at bast laid is intended to euro. „ _ „ „ _ _ , . .H e died of brain fever on the 2Jd, in Aspin- B e w as an amiable gentleman, an excellent aeoicalman.andismuchxegr«ttedbyallwhoknewcians. v»a)Lexercised by moans of a portion of the brabi, called its organ. the slxe and quality of which are propoitionata to its powers. Itsproof is universalnature. Prof. Siuitnonasvys: •'Phrenology un- dertakes to accomplish for man what philosophy performs tor tho external world; it claims to disclose the real state of things. and to prtsent nalure unvailed and i n h e r true features." E X - AMINATIONS and WRITTEN ' DRSRIPTIOXS o f CHARACTER daily,swindle are in Europe, where probably the law can->*tthe k g cf a juvenile.•• •'•••• * v . V ,who had paid the least attention to philology.• . / " ' .Untitled Document*>i..^^*tWDsfaiug-,«-ntooU owe foreign Coruuhv*ud which tuw besm.i^lhtit .'•'*• •"• "'"**.'tou-Bugw. Moths. Garden Insects, Rata and MiOO.Mj^\^Jj^_ •• Princlpsd D^pot, No. W Broiiwuy, tWdhyo»iA>t«4»*«•'*.-•.'••••' •,.5»•'.'•'•''.COLLISIOS A N D LOSS O r LIFE,rocks of similar age, and we should try to ascertain h^w far the' animals known to have lived intiis age could have been the animals which made those tracks. Mjiny animals were already known to have lived in these times. H e thought that a comparison of these tracks with the probable tracks which they would have made, would teal to some substantial results; but ujbtil tbst method should be introouced into the investi- gation,hedidnotbelieveintheresults.Prof. Wm. B . Rogers said «he difficulty was that geologists were very much''divided as to what were the deposits of equal age. H e supposed this_new Ted sanestone'of ihe Connecticut Valley in which these were found was of the'Jurassic formation, while Prof. Endnote insisted that they were of the Peruvian.by furnishing the department with a Ust of those ports from which i t is dremed necessary to require them.Soliciting an au»wer atyour•earliest command, together with a return of the papers iuciobe'd,1 have the honor to be, very res iftctfully, your ob't serv't, >EO. OPDYJKE, Chairman.REPLY OF D R . GUNN, HEALTH OFFICER. QcAKANTrNH, 3TATHN ISLAND, >- HBALTU OYVICM, July 8, 1860. j Hon.GBOIIGEOPUTKE—MyDear Sir: Inreplytoyourcom- munication of tbe 26th ult, 1 would beg leave to state, that on the 27tb February hutt 1 addressed a Tetter to the Secretary, o f Slateat"Wufhington, rtquesiing himtonotify ourConsulsao- cn- diu-d to the several West India and other tropii;al ports, from which we were apprehensive of the importation of yellow fever, thut 1,should require bills of health from all captains of vessels .arriving fromthoae ports betwt en Apdl a n d November, and in-closed a form or bill, t o which I submitted a s boat cilculated t o•mf Advertisement J ,The steamboat Columbia, with a ba-ge in tow,-re-tuming from an eicurrion to Glen Cove, yesterday1 afternoon, at 6 o'clock, when in Hell Gate, came incollision with the schooner G. W . Baldwin, Capt.To THOSE WHO WOULD KNOW THEMSELVES.Crowell,forBotton.promenade dick torn up/and o n e of her pausenge.s was knocked overboard, a n d w a s drowned. T h e schconer lost all he head-gear, and proceeded aa far as Biker's Island.FIRES.. FIRE I N FIRST A VENUE.AFFAIRS.oonthetabid.Quite a number of tmall bills were ordered to be paid.: It was moved that when the Board adjourn, it ad- journ to Monday next at 12 o'clock.Mr. LrrTLE presented the plans and drawings for a new House of Detention.The report was accepted, and the subject postponedand made a special order for Monday next. Adjourned. aspects. Its fundamental doctrine is, that each mental faculty iaThesteamerhadherforwardA COURT OFFICER ASSAULTS A LADY.—Archibald Wilson, an officer attached to the Court of General Sessions, appointed by the Sheriff, was oommitted to pri on on Thursday morning by Justice Quackenbush, on complaint of Mrs. Mary Fawcett, who charged himwith assault and battery. From the affidavit made bythe lady it appears that on Wednesday evening she, inThe alarm of fire a t 11 o'clock yesterdsy morning shop corner o f First avenue a n d Twenty-seventhresidence in Wooster street, after the gentleman hadleft her, she w a s accosted by Wilson, who used themost abusive and insulting language toward her. Sheescaped from him and entered herown dwelling, but EDW ARD H . DIXON, M.D Editor o f Thetheamerathenextendedfromanelevationofo0miles 1cannotseeanygreat hardship in the above requisition, oriogCommittee. Theballoting,whichlastedformore toanelevationof500miles. Duringthestorm,the thatitcanpossiblyinvolveanygreatInconvenienceorvexatious freely interlarded hisstreet-cry,maynrwbe dulybeT,and sailed again onthe30thforCaldera. ShipGeorgePeabodyarrivedonthe21sPfromCallao,w,'tha CKrgoof guano. On the 30th, ship John Land saded tban an hour, resulted in the choice of Professors W. electric telegraphs were sohighly excited as not only formed, bylaw, only 50 cents) and I am not aware of any otherforCalifornia,withanassortedcargo. Freightt>toe B Rogers,Agastiz,andBache;JohnLeConte,B.' toservefortheordinarybusinessoftelegraphingbut means,bywhkhwecandeterminethesanitaryconditionofIcoolSummerdrmk. BendingforwardimdertheIdeiof the preparations beiug made by £>r. Linares for war"His only chance isto wenry oatthepataenceof Par- with Peru. Gen. Belzu it is said, will take the com- ganized by the election of the.followirg gentlemen: . Prof. Jos Loveriiijj, Harvard Prof. P . W . BardvroM. Antloch festionsm the above matter whioh they may deem expedient, a knot of people may have ^athKred. His loftWfcdotedUsxMnt,sadforce down hisbilliaaSouse composed mand; anditis reasonable to conjecture that, if he of the memhers of the Government about the middle succeed* in defeating the Peruvians, he will afterwardofnextmonth. WhattheLordswiildowehardly tryanddriveLinaresfromthePresidency,inretalia; Permanent Chairman, Professor WolcottiGibbs. Secretary,ProfessorC.S.Lyman,Standing Committee, Professora Horsfoid of Cam-bridge, Scofield of St. Louis, and the Hon. William Mitchell of Nantucket. 'printed, which was adopted.' -. ; ' wise: "Nice limonad! cold and fresh limonad* only•venter* to anticipate. What, then, is to be done? Par- liament oncht not to jeopardize an important manufac- ture through mere ignorance of i » condition."The London Time* remark* upon the determination tomakeSfreatfield&Co.bankrupts,thatthediminu- tionofdividendsthatmaythusoccuristoberegretted, butsncha'giganticsystemofaccommodationpaper shonldbedealtwithbythepropertribunal.-tion for Linares having forced his (Belzu's) sjn-in-law, Cordoba, from the same undesirable seat.PERU.—-The French question being settled, thanks tothepresenceofthefleet,oursoughttobethenext inorder; buttoailappearance it isjust as far from beingarrangedasever,andMr.Claycandonothingemy, N. Y., Prof. John LeConte, Colombia,Prof.J.M.Schofleld,StLouts•6.G.,-•". Ed. Quinoy,jr.,Mr.CHARLESH.MARSHALoftheSoecialCom- voncent-a-glass!Veryniceandhealthylimonad! mitteeappointedinrelationtothecommunicationfrom shustsogoodasyouwillpaytwo,treehundreddollar1fmThe Section of Mathematics and Physics, was or-.; ;of Commence, and will certainly adopt, If practicable, any sug-ProfessorsFairmanRogersofPhiladelphia,Coflln ofAnnapolis,andSchottofWashingtonwereaddedto Prof.A.Litton,-StLouisUni- C.W., i is•.••;*f\AmoreuntiltheCabinetatWashingtonbackshimup theGeneralNominatingCommittee..TheStanding versity,••",: .•••••'.'Prof.N.B-Webster, Ports-H.A.Clone,CliftonSprings,mouth,Va., effortsvtodetermineuponasystemofinter-withsomesixty-fcight-potinderarguments,which,ftCommitteewererecommendedbyvotetoholdonly Jos.Lesley,Geologist,Phila..N.T., •; T':- national General Averige, reported and recom-taxation(thechargeforenchbillofhealthbeing,asIamin- seentrudgingthroughNassauetreet,andeelliagblsv to give severe shocks to some of the operators, and foretgri ports, and what measures are necessary for the protection of his gayly-pamted lemonade-tank, with W0m&*£eventogivesparkslargeenoughtosetpaperonfire. ThisIsthefirstandonlyremonstrance orobjectionwhichI A brief conversation followed, in which Dr. S- Os- have heard or received against what I oan b u t consider a veryMEMBERS' REGISTER.College, College,Ohio, remain,dearSir,veryrespectfully,yourobedient servant, advertisement ofhis drink;«hich maybeheardat SamnelBowd, Philadelphia, Clinton Roosevelt, esq., N . Y., (8igned) , A . M. GUtfN, Health Officer. 'Prof.B.A.Gould,Cnmbridge, PhilipT.Tyson,StateAgricul- ,Mr.OPDYKE movedthat thecorrespondencebe almostthedistanceofablock,runesometofogin.thia Prof.Wolcott Gibbs, Free Acad- tural Chemist, Md.,University, Dr.Mauran, ProvHence,R-L,Prof. A D. Bache, Supt. Coast J. EL Gibbon, O.S. Mint, N.C., the National Association for the Promotion of SocialSurvey, Prof.DanielVV^lson,Toronto, E«.'V. Samuel Osgood, N. T.,Science,invitingthecorporation.oftheChamberof Commerce to- a meeting o f the.''Association o n the24thofSeptembernextatGlasgow,intheagbesl Onlyvoncenta-glass!" Anonherelapse*intothemoetbewiMeringsuiteofsentencesiaFrench,allrunintoone;inwhichnowordsare <fiatb>."Vguishablenoranytranslationpossible.It'Wjtsort appears, bave a wonderfully convincing effect on Pres- general meetings for the present^ without division into Dr. Wynne, New-York, Chauncey Wright, Nautical Al- mended t h e appointment o f Jud«e .Marvin of hlseing sputter o f r's and a'sj and nasal n'«,Railway traffics for the week eidmg July 14 showanincreaseof£37,695. TheLondon DaiLyNe#s identCastilla. Preparationsarebeingactivelycarried Sections,i••'••::'",«';v;*^:t•.'-'''.' :."'°. Zachariah Allen, Providence, manac,Cambridge, oftheUnitedStatesDistrictCourt,ofFlorida,toattendsays the general supply of railway stocks for immedi- on fox the approaching Bolivian invasion; recruiting, Jtel, J. S. Newberry, -Washington,ate transfer is evidently limited. f The Section: of Natural History and Geology or- Prof. J. Tingley, Asbury Uni- D. CM , the meeting as the representative of the Chamber, and train of cars in a colh'eion. This mercilaw assault upontumbling over and. into each other, like a Veechia.haslandedatAlarseillee1*24Irishvolunteers must,"isiDceesant,andmunitionsofwararebeing oent,J.W.Foster;Secretary,Joseph.LesleyofPhil? Bev.DrJ.G.Morris,Bait, NH enceinwritingtothisChamber,withhisviewsasto oursensesisgenerallyprefacedbythequestion*i8ATUKOAY.~-Tbe steamer Qnermal, from Civita on the princijjle, of "there's no compulsion, only yon ganized by the choice of the following officers: Presi- versity, Indiana, Rev. H . E . Packer, Concord, tbat he be requested to report the result of the Confer-^rho bad been sent away from Rome.The London Times and Post have each a leader onthe trial ofthe Wakefield bribery case at York.CENTRAL MB SOUTH AMERICA. Procs Oof Own Correspondent.celebrated in Callao 'with considerable spirit, by the Washington* the Rev. D r . Morris of Bal im3re,andRev. L . C Wttrtele, Lennox- town, Mass.,viUe, C. E., J. M. Ordway.Providence.R.L,James Hyatt, New-York, F. H . Storor, Boston, Mass- Prof. E . Hitchcock, Amherst, Prof. H. B. Nasou, Beloit, Wis.,forded by the discussion of the BQbject.Mr. OPDYKE mquired whether Judge Marvin would accept t h e appointment, a n d whether any provision bad Wen made for his compensation.Mr. MARSHALL stated that he had understood Judge Marvin had been corresponded with on the subject, and that he had expressed his willingness to accept the ap-" Parrrlez vous Franaiscais," and the answer, '*Oai' | oni'oui'oui'oui !"•—which we have observed'never fails to attract the attention of the most phlegmatic person on the other side of the street, fn fact the lemonade man is now the established sensation of Nassau street* having usurped the high and lofty position of the four-The Panama Railroad Company's steamer Colimbus tracted Republic. Gen. Floree was at a place calledveisity.Wm. 8 . Rogers, Boston, Mass., 8. C. Jillson, Nashville, Term.,Bev. H. M. Harmon, Baltimore, Prof. John A. Porter,.Yale,B. P. Barri«on,WaltinKford, C t , Prof. E; L . Youmans, Chemist,Prof. A. H: Stevens, New-York, New-York.,L. E . Chittenden, Burlington, Prof. Lewis H . Steiner, Balti- and Weather Oservatory." He said that he bad notarrived here oa the 20th from San Jose de Guatemalaand intermediate ports. H e r cargo consisted o f at Bodegas with nearly 2,500 men. Franco's troopspenses, and that they did not contemplate taxing the low Fulton street, and only uttere in occasional gwwioochireai, balsam, coffee, India-rubber, hides, &c. The Central American papers contain nothing of imare the best armed, being furnished b y Castilla rr>m Peru, but Flores has his force in a better state of dis- cipline. Howthislong-protractedinternalfeudisgoingsign the Chairmanship of the Committee on the "Tine DavidKing,Newport,R.L, Dr.R.W.Gibbs,ofTheSouth sufficientinfluenceinthechamber,oramongtheCom-American residents, foreigners, and native*—the Wyo-ming, the French frigate, and the Oastle firing salutesin honor of the day. T h e shipment of guano for tbe of Mathematics for the day. ~; nonth of June was"33,499 tuns register, and the totalfor tbe first six months of the year 147,875 tuns.:ECUADOR.—Although th e Lima touched a t Gaaya-President Lea announced that M r. Parish invited the members of the Association to his house on Friday evening.; - . ,The Standing Committee announced that there would be a morning session a t 10 a. m., whidh would continue until 2 p. m.. and an afternoon eesBion a t 4^ p. m .Prof. A, D. Bache, of the U. S. Coast Survey, ex-plained t o t h e Association sundry diagrams sho wingtie results of further discussions of the magnetic ob-servations made /at Girard College during the fiveyears, 1840-1845. He remarked that at the time theseointment. ItwasreportedalsothattheBoardofUd- cent enwallop andwriting-pape' merchant,whoha*P ANAMA, July 25,1860. - qnl on her way up, I have not been able to obtain any§ betaken himtelf to legitimate tradingln a denjust be- , erwriters had expressed a willingness to pay the ex-^reliable news relative to the state of affairs in that dis-manac, Lynu, Mass., Prof. W. A . Norton, Yale,Guaramba, with about 2,000 men, while Franco w a sChamber for any portion.Mr. MA TTHEW MAURY asked to be permitted to re-the once familiar sounds.Go where you will along the crowded street* of Paris, and you will be pretty sure to see these street;;JR. W. Gibbes of South Carolina.The Section then adjourned to meet with the SectionMass.,C. C. CorBn, Boston, Mass.,'J. P . Whitney, JSorthampton,Mass ,Prof. C. S . Lyman. Yale,Prof. H. L . Enstib, Harvard,. Capt.Glynn,U.S.N..Prof, Ellas Loomis, N- Y . Uni-A P . Rockwell, Norwioh, Ct., Horace Richardson, Boston,Prof. E.'Pugh, Penn. Agr. C o l , Thomas Hiil,. Pres't AnttoohCollege, Ohio,James E. Oliver,NauticalAl-Vt., more, Md.,tin, D. C , Prof. M . D . Hanover, Spring-was made easier by the admirable models fouadiu the Prof. W . rx.Whitney, Yale . field, Tennu>worksofG'-n.Sabine,Prof.Lloyd,Prof.Wolf,andMr. Prof. Heniy H. White, Har- Pre»t A L.Chapin,BeloitCol-observationsweremade,itwasimpossibleforhimto•portance,ifweexceptthefullowing,whichIcopy toterminateitisimpossibletopredict;butthemischief fi>dleisoretodiscussthem,andnowtheinvestigationProf.S.L.Loomis,Wasliiag- Carolinian,Columbus,S>C,imittee,toinduceitsmemberstogetthemtotakeany vendersoflemoDade.Theirdrinkisreallycooland'from The 8tteiry but which probably will have already ?ea<thed yon, either from Batize orRuatao:it has done te the country and to ithe commerceo f Guayaquil is incalculable. 8r. Quevedo, the Minister fromSpaintoEcuador,cameupapassengerbytheaction. He had no doubt that some day the matter palatable in Summer, being made sour with a little i«-nocent cream of tartark and sweetened with etrap or'*N«>w«hadbe«nreceived »tOnateooal*,byW»TofIzabol, tb*tWklkerleftRu»Unouthe21*tult.latbeacboenerJ.A. laststeamer. 1*y lor, eceonpeadpd by ebeut one hundred loen, and that at *ea hew»*joinedbyanoih-rve»«eL Onthe23dtheV«B«OUw«reKreil,whohavediscussedthemagneticobservations rordsburg,Ky., •madeontheContinentofEurope,inGreatBritain, CyrusF.Paiue,Rochester,ProgW.Porter,BeloitColleger manoftheCommittee,wouldhavemoreinfluence sugar.Pi*ythatthelimonadierhadjnotbeenoa•<\-•CALIFORNIA' TheStateofSalvadorhasbeenaguinvisitedorse- TheU.S.M.steamshipNorthernLightarrivedateeen totheSooth ofHogItland. andItwas»u«prct«lthat FROM TValker intended making a descent off Umoa or Trujillo."1>afollowerinihepalhoftheseleaders. Butallthe verford,Perm.,results obtained tend to show that the Philadelphia Prof. Wm. Chauvenet, StLonis,Prof. Henry Fahbanks, Dart- mouth College,2*vere earthquakes, and many of the interior to wns havesufferedconsiderably. Nolossoflifeisreported.Ad- thispertabout4o'clockonThursdaymorning.The tigation. -they contain'.The following is the Northern Light'*-J.E.Hiigard;Paterson,N;J., Prof.D.P.Mayhew, Ypailantt, Prof. Geo. J. Brush, Yale, Mich.,A. H . Worthen, Missouri State Orange Judd, New-York.The PRESIDENT suggested that the subject lie over tothenextmeeting,whentherewouldbealargerat- tendance o f members.Mr. OPUYKE offered the following resolution:Retolved, That the Committee on Quarantine b e directed t o inquire and report aa to the best means of placing the Quarantine regulations o f this port on a more perfect a n d efficient basis;. a basis that will render them less onerous to commerce, and. more effective in protecting this city from contagious diseases, and that will make better provision for the care of the sick.some time in Costa Rica; he afterward commanded the Salvadorian army, but w a s baniaheil a abort time ago by President Barnes; h e w a s said to be the best cav- alry omcer in South Amerka.PUBLIC PRAYER MEETINGS.—Atthis season ofthe year, when many of the churches are closed, persons may be glad to know that a public prayer-meeting is heMandeistand that Congress is aoc inclined to give all thatthe Company ask for, especially asa portion of tbe Lmddistnrbancep w e eliminated, and nowtheexaadnatioato BoBton, but to the universe in general—Agassiz.men are cordially invited to attend.the occasion all his countrymen and friends at his hos-pitableresidence. ThePresideu,sentthemilitary - band, and the day passed off in the most delightfulmanner.The Coffee crop being all exported now, business at Aichard Patrick......... 52,000 S. Lanaburg JcBroPunta Arenas is very dull, and toe same reports are Eugene Kelly k. Co20,00t> E. ZacUrUion 18,000Mr.Kealer7 6 9 weie insufficient to rest upon for accurate results, of marble. The accused were locked up to answer by 257 butwith ittheywere'sufficient. Heshowedby theladiesaccompanyingmembers. Theseare,unfor- QuarantineCommittee,Gen.Wetmore,whohadtaken JusticeQuackenbush.echoedfromallpartsofthecountry.Mr. Dimitry'8 son came passenger in the Colambus,and proceeds to the States iu the North Scar, as bearer Ofdispatshcs to the Government.NEW-GRANADA.,W h e n I m e n t i o n e d , i n m y l a s t , t h a t t h e A r i e l w o u l dJohnPhelan Total..$988,676 83diagraas bow the amount ot daily, movement varied tunately for the social interest of the meeting, which much interest in this and the general subject of the : from nionih to m^nth and how the law of this varia- is one of its chief enjoyments, very few thia year. eaniraiy condition of the city, he believed the chambertion obtained I'om PhiladelphL-.. observations compared Mrs. Horsford is here from Boston, and Miss Mitchell, would elicit much valuable information, which would MR. FRQMENT A N D THE POST-OFFICE. wiihthat obtained a t To onto, at St. Helena, andat lead io the improvement of the Quarantine regulations To th*Editor o / The N. Y. Tribune. .not take on the mail, I did so on the strengta of a letter fromMr.Jos.Scott,Yanderbiltsagent,statingthathehad orders not to receive any mail xuatter, and only toreceive letters A t 30 cents each. After my letter was closed,1learnedthatVanderbilthad sent instructions morning. to receive o n board any mail nutter that the Uujie,;..: * MOKN1NG SESSION. ber,callingthe attentionofthe Chambertotheques- Statement 1.'^YesterdayAndreFroment, esq.,Superthteod- The Association was called to order at 10 o'clock. tion o f " what constitutes a delivery of goods 1" which ent of Stamped Envelopes foe tbe past seven yrew«s, was removed, The President called the attention of the Se3tional Eoint, he etatel, had never been satisfactorily settled, on a summary notice only receivedt1hat morning."Sam might bring. Peraaps h e thought tha,, none28th o f July, arrived a t £his port on Thursday On Saturday morniDg, the 28th of July. Nassau wasall excitement, in consequence of the arrival of three tbe bett times to take observations. The daily changes Mr. Loomis of Washington suggested that the Stand- tee of the Chamber be appointed to report upon the idation of the Blank and Stamped Envelope Agencies, with Mx•would tt,me, and that the agents in San Fraacisco•would "tryon"thesame game thathedidinNew- schooners, withabout 360Africans on board, inaYork.have probably also been successful throughout sue in- Wednesday, the 25th inst., at 6 a. m. They ran iaterior. shore at Abaco, but in consequence of a gale the pre- Although t h e revolutionary spirit i s spreadingthroughouttheotherStates,everythingisquietners viousday,theyhadlostmostoftheircanvas,andhadfor every day in tbe year were illustrated by a diagram ing Committee hereafter make the arrangements with matter, with such general rules a s would be fair a n d Froment's full knowledge.lepreeei tivg a curved surface, the breadth of the sheet Bailroad andiSteamboat Companies. Accepted. equitable to both buyer and seller, and which he had Statement*. " Hi*." {Mr.Froment's) "offense Is s«id tobe, representingthehoursoftbeday,thelengthofit,the Associatememberswene/elected;theirnameswill nodoubtwouldberecognizedbythemerchants,aud havingsignedthecall-ofthe,Douglasratificationmeeting,"fco.Northern Light left Aspinwall July 25.vices have been received confirming the accounts of theshooting of Gen. Melo in Mexico. Melo was tue lead-er of the last revolution in -this country during thePresidency of Obando; he was banished and lived for nit., bat the overland advices have anticipated thsnews an inch eastward in the morning, and about the sameTie regnlar daily movement of a magnetic needle is This steamer brings California papers of the 11th very email. The north end of a needle 14 inches in length moves, in Summer, about the one-hundredth ofGeologist,. -SECOND DAY.N E W P O R T , Thursday, Aug. 2,1860.diBtence westward in the afternoon, making the wholeof any moment. In the latter Republic the Thoiapiton- "W. Seligman Is.Co <. 21,000 Conroy & O'Connor... .. 10.000 srecomplicated, aod-fr*quently marked by disturbances. succeeded in electing but one of the six members of il tagher concession is s ill under consideration; but I StxausB. Bros.. &.Co 60,00'' Eugene Kelly 4i Co... .. 54,000 At a previous meeting he bad shown how the auroral tbe Standing Committee, and he one who belongs notHi'jtcix LIST:Neither from Nicaragua nor Costa Ricais the news At. & iPac. S. S. Co 1 1 0 A 8 P. Naylor .. 8,000 it is n ade more difficult from the f*ct that these lawsat tbe rooms of tbe New-1'ork Young Men's Christiaa question of conflicting jurisdiction. The State Gov- Association, No. 817 Broadway. Ladies and gentle-A. E . Tilton Order 'L. Emstein i t hro4.400 Chaa. W . Crosby..... .. 9,000 11,50(> Oha». W . Crosby . . 14,000 10 20t T. H i Coghill.... .. 3,500ernment had taken the matter in hand, and appointedthe Quarantine officers, and vet last Winter, when aproposition was brought before the State authorities toappropriatethemeanstopaytheexpenseaof theQuarantine, they failed t o d o so. contending that i tbelonged to the city to provide tne means. The cityrefusedtodoit,becausetheStatehastakencharjeofthe matter. There were many intelligent men amongthe members of this chamber, who believed that the forged note. The note, purporting to be eigned by- ledoffaconsiderablerevoltttitheOceanHouse. There subjectcameproperly-within thepower anddutiesof HenryHoggett,wasgiveninpayment for aquanti jFROM THEBAHAMAS.BobaitTown. The greatest movement is about ten the asironomress of Nautuck^t. Yesterday Miss Har- of this port. SIR: In your paper of to-day there ia an article oa c a > s a f e - t h e BOJBtice, a n d t h e l e a s t a b o a t . t e n d a y s r i e t H o e m e r a t t e n d e d t h e s e s s i o n s ; s h e w a s c a l l e d h o m e T h e r e s o l u t i o n w a s a d o p t e d . t h e S t a m p e d E n v e l o p e A g e n c y , c o n t a i n i n g s e v e r a l e r r o n e o u s after the Winter sdstice—the passage through the av- from Kome very suddenly by the illness of her father. A communication was received from Mr. E. J. Low- statements. I proceed to enumerate and correct theme. eragemovementisab^uttendayBaltertheequinoxes.N. Y , Wis.,andinhercolonies. Heconfesiedhimselftobeme.re- Prof.M.C.Stevens,WestHa-W'm.P.Blake,New-Haven.Ct.than he had had to induce some action on the subject. He, bad no objection to remaining on the Committee,. and giving what information h e could on the subject, whichwasonetowhichhehadpaid a-great dealof attention. * ' 'board the Great Eastern o n h e r recent trip to Cape May,COMMISSIONERS OF POLICE.—At the meeting of the Board yesterday the resignations of R . H. Tacker of the Twenty-first and H. S. Baldwin of the Eighth Wards were received and accepted, . •. /•«•/'Chancellor J-IB. Lindalsy, dently used either as a test or a basis of further inves- . James College, Md., Daniel C. Gilmau, Yale,observations are trustworthy, and maybeconfi- Mo.jProf.Qw.W.Coakley,St. Nashville,University,Mimovtmer t about the fiftie'h of an inch. I n Whiter the * movement is only half as great. To trace the laws of-The Boston element iu the Association, which hasWm. Hoge&Co $50,000 Am. Ex;oh. Bank....... .$35,000 motions so very small is evidently a delicate task,.and always, until now, been controUing in its influence, Mr. OPDYXE said that the inefficiency of the Quar- every Wednesday and Saturday evening, at 8 o'clock,eonfirnitd R . Wolffs curious discovery of a'ten or30,20. Duncan,Sherman&Co.56,029 thesolarspo's. Hewouldnowremarkthatherewas ingearlyinthefield,insecuringalargernumberoftheis within the disputed boundary with New-Gr«tnaJa. W . T . Co]*Buun&.Co.... 27.30 Wellington & Abbott. 9.010 eleven, years' period corresponding with the period ofTheFourthofJolywascelebratedatS*nJos6with A.M.Lawrence NbOHtadter B r o . . ,all the honors, Mr. Dimitry gathering arouad him on B. Cobn&.CoThe Beaten people have succeeded, however, by be-23,1(»' L-. V on Hoffman it, C o . . . 64,0JO a new Doi,.t in his discussion, compared with the Euro-members a t the Bellevae House than at any oiher, a l -FORGED NOTE.—John C. Corner and John Fisher were arrested by Officer Thomas o f the Second D M ] trict Police Courts charged with having swindled Wm. PattersonofNew-Jerseyoutof$300bymeansof*28»0- i.m. Exoh. Bank 26,000 Wells, Kargo & Co40,5i)C152,000 pean ph>sicists, namely: tbe ute of Peirce's criterion,I'a1Jin Ic Sander*DeKbaco&CoWm. Hnler & CoR. Maeder &.O. Adame. 8,000 Freeman & CoBenoenMatder 8,100 MoraBro.,NavarroitCo. 1,00066650Wells,Fargok.,Co. 44,600 Freeman & Co5,35') servation is to be considered as that of a disturbance, 4.524 and when that of a Tegular or normal position. With-C A P T U R E O F A S L A V E R . ThesteamerKarnak,from Nassau, N.P., on the* .•complete state of nudity. Three of the crew of the siaverwereonboardoneoftheschooners/andfrom onewhospokeEnglishitwaslearned that theyhaddaysintheyear,andthebightordepression,theappearontheMembers*Register.'• TheAssociationthendividedintoSections.Oarelectionspassedoffveryquietly,exceptonthelast day,when thevotes were neiag reckoned,onwhichoccasion there wasa tremendouslysmallex- mistaken theKarnak foraman-of-war steamer,not changefromyeartoyear,isverydifficulttoeliminate, citement, two or three bellicose fly sheets were issued, fr<in certain, physical reasons; but after eliminatingit threatening allkindsofUangs,and there itended. knowingthatanysteamerpliedbetween Nassauand &Bwell»aitcouldbedone,theresultingannualchangealsobytheCourts,insuchspecialcasesnotreachedby Correction*--The consolidationofthetwoagencieshasbee* thelaw. underconsiderationby thePost-Office Department foralong ThePRESIDENT said that this question hadarisen time. Ithasbecomenowalmosta matter ofnecessity. Con-though Mrs. Le Come of South Carolina, who has 13,000. ormahematics!rulefordeterminingwhentheob-alwasbeenaprincipalcenterofattraction,andwhoiathis i ear rebnforced by a very,charming daughter, has3,600 out this criterion, the observations from 1840 to 1845 is, of course, a good deal of rivalry, principally among the General Government. Prom one member of t'aeThen-eedle is, unlesi* dieturbed, in its mean position.about lOh. 26m in the morning, and at its furthestwesterly declination atlh.16m.p,m. These times Committeetothenecessityofeicaminingallpapersbe- utwasyetofthegreatestimportancetothecommer- Correction—hlx. Dixhasbeen in correspondence withthe vj>rv but little in the course of the year, and would be fore placing them on the programme.,. cial community. He asked that an intelligent commit- Post-Office Department for a week on the subject o f the consol-declination oftheneedle. Thesecular changes,orPUBLICProf. Joseph Henry remarked that Prof. Bache had dent P E L E T I A H P E R I T , presiding. The attendance of ever, than the President had stated.the Dublin observations', and also with the Torouto ob-serva'ions. From June to October the north end oftbe needle is east«vf its mean position, and from OctobertoJune,west. Theamountofthisrangeisthoughtto ;Commercewasheldyesterday,attheroomsofthat ence,tothaquestion. Thetermatwhichtlfatcom> increase or diminish with toe amount of secular cbange. body, corner of Cedar and William streets, the Presi- mittee w a s appointed was much more remote, how-f^found another schooner, laden with ice and railroad! i;ron, also on shore there, but her name coald not be traced hereafter bet^eeu secular changes in the seas- ' or membership in July were severally balloted for and September.ons and in magnetism. Might not Renoa's period of ascertained, as non«* of the wreckers who had gonefo severe Winters, ouce in 42 or 43years, bo the quad-slaves on board, and had lost about 40. T iey are all The Association adjourned to 4£ p. m .In the afternoon President Hitchcock of Amherstspecirneis in which the deeper track of the smallerorwasnetinterestedinthesaleof themuskets, 1 do the salvage; butas Boonas the Superb gotoutof lorefootwasplainlyseenunder'thelargetrackofthe LETTER FROM THE COMMITTEE TO THE HEALTH Appropriationsfor1860... >•*••*••«• 3,554,72369 foundinthefollowingcomplaints:not positively know—I believe he was—but be that asit may, our intendente pleased to aseuuie that aujh was •the case, and orders weie issued for nis arrest. T h e young man heard of what was going on, and when the authorities went to search for niui in his room a tsight, the captain of the Empire ordered the wreckers off in a boat which he. gave them, and then proceeded on his voyage.hind foot, but tbere were only two or three tracks of the. fore feet to 30 or forty of the hind feet, which showed that tbe animal rarelv brooght its fore feet to tbe ground. This should make geologists careful aboutOFFICER. /Nnw-Yonk, June 28,1860.DR. GONIT, Health Officer, be—Dear Sir.- By a resolutionadopted by the Committee on Quarantine, of the Chamber ofCommerce,.Iamdirectedtohandyoutheinclosedpapors,andto draw your attention to thematerof wbdLhyou complain.SCKOKOXA AND 3CROKUr,O0* COMPLAINTS, ERUPTIOHS Alt* ERUPTivH DISEASES, ULCKRS, PIMPUM, BLOTCHKS, TVKOKS, SAI.T-RHKT.*M ScAr.D-HaA», Svpuri-rs AK» STPHIMTTC APTBO- Trorrs. MRRCCRrAL DrsxAsx, DROPSY, NBURALOIA. ORTICDOI> OHRUX,DHBIMTY,DYSPEPSIA,AND INDIOKSTION,EKYsiPBtas, ROSJCOHST. ANTHONY'S FIKK, and indeed the whole class octhe hotel, be was non est. Now here is a raal ease of The British brigantine Annette, of Halifax, from concluding that tracks apparently made by birds wereThe following report was also received from the Fi- the County Treasury from July 19to July 31:aa *outrage" on an Amencau citizen. Tne JLuteu- dente had COmore right to attempt an arr^-s: in thus ease than he would have to Btop aid fii* Gario^dl1; h isCumberland Harbor for Baltimore, with 170 hhds., 320 bbls., and 30 tierces sugar, got inside the Molasses Reef, Inagua, 8th inst. Assistance was rendered bynot made t»y quadrupeds.Prof. Hitcbcock continued to discuss the character- is'icti of a number of tbe tracks on'.his diagrams, especially inquiring whether they were birds, catra-on the 2d day of Marcn las|, a general circular to United States' Consuls, inform;ng them thut bill) of health would hi future be requited ofull.v«s el* arriving at Xsew-York. from foreign p;rts; thct thw United States Consuls at Bremen and Hamburg enforce this requirement, while no attention is paid to ic at London, Liverpool, Havie, or oth*r large European ports; that bids o f health brought b y vessels from cromau and Hamburg are notBalance on hand July 19 > Receipts from all sources$222,''35 98 88,871 6 5.$256,607 6 3 . 129,72126.....$126,8«337This compound will be found a greet promoter of health, whea taken in the Spring, to expel 'he foul humors which fester in tho blood at that season o f the year. B y t h e timely expulsion o f them many ransJing disorders are nipped in the bud. Multitudes . can, by the aid of this remedy, spore themselves from the on-"" durance o f foul eruptions and ulcerous sores, through which tho '• systemwill striveto riditself ofcorruptions.Ifnot assistedto ' do this through the natural channels of the body by an eitaratire medicine. Cleanseoutthevitiatedbloodwheneveryoufinditsimpurities bursting through the skin In pimples, eruptions,or' sores; cleanse it when you find it is obstructed and sluggish i u ' t h e v e i n s ; c l e a n s e i t w h e n e v e r i t i s j f o u l , a n d y o u r f e c l i u g s w i l l 'own illegal decree of April hast, even, wa* not in- tbe shore people, who, after taking out 75 hhds., got fringed, and i t is almost a pity that t h e arrest did notT otal. Disbursements..••••••*•«•••••••••••••*take place, so that Capt. Porter of tbe Su Marys the vessel off and carried her to Mathew To*n. The chiens or marsupials. The trace of a tail* was not a asktodfor on their arrival here, and when the Captains tenderBalanceJuly31a ight have taught the Intendente a useful let-Bun.Uy a vessel which arrivedto-dayfromBuenaven- t u r a , w e l e a r n t h a t G e n e r a l M o s q u e r a w a s a t > P o p * y a ubrig on being surveyed w a s found to have sustained nomaterialdamage, andwasallowed toproceedonsure indication that the tracks were made by a reptile, forbehadlearnedthattheopossumleftthetraceofits n a k e d " t a i l . o n s o f t g r o u n d , a n d t h a t b y t h i s i t w a known.thtm to the l>eputy Health Officer they are told.that they are not wanted; that t h e Citiei o f lire men and H*mourg feel ag- grieved at tills invidious distinction against them, subjectingTbe reports were ordered to be placed on file.A c o m m u n i c a t i o n w a s r e c e i v e d f r o m t h e P o l i c e D e -ar.der.A cargo of seventy-six alpacas arrived here the otherday from Arica, in charge o f M r. E . Roehu, who,some time ago, brought a large number of llamastoTour city from Ecuador. Those animals sre goiug tohe did not believe that the method pursued would lead to sarislaciory results in the end. He thoucht that the only way to do w as to do what a man going into the wooes, who did not know -»hat the animals living in the woods weie, would do; he would inquire what were the inhabitants of the toreet, and if he shouldbe from the nigh character of the party making them, t h e Com- mittee think you will agree with them tout they furnish just grcfunds of complaint, 'Ihe cities of oromen ana Hamburg are known to be among the hbealthbilest o f Europe. Our 'commerce with tbftm is large and rapidly increasing. Then why subject it to annoyance auO burdens rrvin which our commerce wiai other Europebii ports i s exempt? Justice, a s well a s sound pulley, sternly forbid it-The Committee on County Offices, to whom was re-m1* Bher voyage.A report says a vessel laden with some 2,000 bags ofs t h e m , a s I t d o e s , t o a v e x a t i o u s t u x , a n d r a i s i n g a n u n g r o u n d e d suspicion against their »auitary conditionut a time when both ports are free fiom contagious dhease.Salvage 50 per cent on vessel and cargo.head of 5,000 Federal troops, was advancmg on tfaa- coffee had been wrecked on the Hogsties, and all the his disagreement with some o f these conclusions; If these representations axe correct, as they are presumed topartment that they had adopted a resolution recom- tell yon when. Even where no particular dlsirder is felt, people} mending to the Board for adoption the plans of Super- enjoy better health, and live longer, for cleansing the blood. Keep the blood healthy, and all is w*ll; but with this pabulum visor LittJe for a House of Deteution for Witnesses. - of life disordered, there can be no last ng health. Sooner or later something must go wrong, and the great machinery of life is dis-on the 7th, with about 4 000 men, preparing to advaace OB Antk-cia, and that Presioeut Usplha, a t theProf Agassiz said that he had long ago expressedc. ffee lostThe schooner Levi Rowe sailed from Abaco July 12for 'New-York, with 600 bird-eye pineapples. The captain, in obedience to instructions, refused t o takeferred th« subject of building a County Jail, reportedin favor of awarding the*contrhct for the carpenterordered or overthrown.Daring late years the public have been misled.by large bottles,France tethe Soekte Imperials Zodlogique d a.ecli(na-tion. I t is expected that they can oe profitably in'xo- Spanish pines, this being the third cutting, and filled learn tbat moose and deer lived there, aud in the sand It is the intention of the Committee to present the subject to architect to draw plans and superintend the erection of flood the market, until the name itsrlf isjustly <k*PJ*f,f•*** *Jafford reliable information aa to t h o sanitary condition o f those Picridtnt Hitchcock said that he supposed it to be potts, ana to enable me to determine'what precautionary meas-visitors dally, and all ROaway delighted. Brilliant novelties ara introduced weekly, and a cons ant change of entertainment i» . furnished. A n immense excitement Is created at th e presentcould be obtained until that method should be adopted. Prof. E . N. Horsford read a paper upon the relations of cbron*e alum to cftustic potash and soda, A smalladdition of. the slkalito a solution of the alum gives achromic precipitate which redie&olves on agitation.But a larger dobe of alkali produces a permane it pre- myselt on the subject • ' . . • . . * cipitate dissolved however by ,the addition of ,m> realkali. 'Prof. Hors*ord described the apparatus andexperiments by which he has determined the atomicrelations or quantitative relutioos of the elements inthese aud some analogous phenomena in the manipu-lation of solutions of chroue alum, with alkali, show-NOTICE TO BATHERS.—An unusual numberof jrgtlesimilarityoftheeffectsofpotasnaandsoda, .moierecentiuformutionbadthusbeenreceivedthattheDeputy'-.' » - (Advertisement.FIREI NRIVINOTONSTREET.1 replied that, aa yellow fever then existed in several of the South-Air orioaapoits and on tho coast or Africa, a n d a s cholera; still lingered in several o f the European a u d Asiatic cities, t h e some form o f bill of health snould properly b e demanded of all.Msharkshave been seen intheLowerBay,thepast foitLigbt; and on Thursday morning two were caught from Ful'on Market Pier, East River, measuring five *i>dthreefeetinlength,withjawBsufiiciontlylargetom^ith*irditlerencefr.-mtbeeffectsofammonia— v,hetherin tbevioletorthegreenmodificationsorthechrome ulum. „ -• , ««„ri««iHealthOnic«rdidnotaccept;themwhentendered ItUtafact that cholera has existed in a sporadic form at Hamburg and other EuropefcU cities within the post year, und one or two malignant and fatal cases h*ve occurred among t h e immigrants during t h e |4Ust Bummer , but, so for from any inviduou* dlstiuctiou belag madeagainstthe City ofliamburaorBremen,tdid notmeu< tleu them particularly, and 'no notice wasissued to them that Iing taken to Court next morning he was req'uir'ed t ogive $1,000 baU t o answer, and in default was lookedup. M<s.Fawcettisrepresentedasaveryrespectable(Adrertisomont] REYNARD & Co.,FATUNT IIOUSBKBXPBU'S RjPLE. iNPALUBLBiNSEitTPoWDEE,!*?...•• i.TheRev,HenryM.Harmanofferedsomereflections on the ori^iD, development., and changes of J « W^ ^ and VERMIN DB*TSota»ulady, and connected with some of the beetfittoilieeo f havebeengrosslydefrauded.Thechiefactorsiuthisdispensewithtbeservicesofasurgeon,inamputatingpe,h*F«jurt,botfamiiiarandevencommonplacetoallart.ftwure.of,exceptthegwieralorderfromtheStateDepartmentthecity. .-:f$. Theonlytrulyreliablearticle*to•xtenntosisjBod»««%OPS-vacancy. cure an iron safe for the Tax Commissioner's office.Mr. GEORGE OPDYKE, in behalf of the Quarantine A resolution ofitred by Mr. PURDY that the b il of Committee, arm unced the reception of a communica- Messrs. Window & Talmadge for removing obstruc-mwith the letter of the Quarantine Committee, are an-yearI860:ures nright be necessary to protect tho health of t/tinjpoci.sislant Secri-tiry pt Siate, tbe Hon. Jno. Appleton, requestingaic to inlorm him whether I should limit the requiremen. to ves- sels Brri*in(i from the West indies,'cr whether they shouldbe demandedbl vessels arriving from ports In Africa, Asia, Europe, aid South America. . ".1 have no disposition t o subject the captains or owners o f ves- sels to unnecessary trouble, inconvenience, or expense in ibis matter; ou the ooutrary, it is my earnest tUslre, and was my ob-tore her clothes nearly all off her person, and ma! •(Advertisement. J. "-, :sject in the above measure, to avoid everything not absolutely re- quired by ordinary prudence.. Bill* of health are not required liom oramary sailing vessels when furnished by steamers arriving from the same or adjacent ports of departure; audit was becausetreated her most shamefully. Officer Warren of theFifteenth Precinot witnessed the assault, and hasten-ing to the assistance of the lady, took the brutal officialintocustodyandlockedhimupforthenight. Onbe- forsalebyJ.k.S.SACNDERS.NO.?AstorHotuo,Broadway.would be acted upon, if the Battery wad not otherwise appropriated, and that some other member, as Chair-antine regulations was known. There was involved afive or six years ago, and that Mr. C. Roberts was a gress, at its hurt Session, cut down the appropriations for the member ofthecommittee whohadthe matterin Post-Officeserviceinsuchamannerastocompeltheheod-oftho charge.Hedidnotremember,however,whatactiondepartmenttocastaboutInalldirectionstoseewhere$1,060 was taken.$1,500. The report was adopted.this compound Sarsaparilla, ai>d intend to supply such a remedy as shall rescue the n*rae from t h e load o f obloquy which rssti upon it. And w e think we have ground for b*Ueviag it has vir- tues which are irresistible by the ordinary run of the diseases xt,','• •i -K".-j:f4V^:'.»i..+*.-. .J.0•;•... '&&&s$iii Wi•••^* ^•'•M:^'#M&^M.—-»It is pleasant to b e able to concur in a portion o f tho article 1st question—all that is said in praise of Mr. Froment. " He is aa CommitteeofArbitrationexisted,occasionedbytoe PresidentSTEWARTinthechair. Severalcommnnica- honestmanendhasbeenaconscientiousandfaithfulpublicser-BOARD O F SUPERVISORS.• Tbe Board of Supervisors met yesterday afternoon,They repj^sent, i n substance, that the State Department issued, nance Department, showing the operations and state of complaints arising from IMPURITY OP THK BLOOD.$82,853 34work to Mr. Jainea Owen for $3,559, and to Mr. dollar. Most of these have been frauds upon the sick, for theyRobert Foster for the mason work for $31,500,and that the Committee be authorized, to employ a suitable3. " I t i s not a Httle remarkable that the officer, t o whom Mr. Froments business is transferred, Is one, in whoae de- partment Postmaster Dix discovered errors o f a very grave char-acter, involving the waste o f much public monoy." Correction—This i s an entire mistake. The gentleman alludedStatementpretending to give a quart « f Extract ot Sorsapari'ii for o n * not only contain httle, if any, Sarsaparilla, but often no oaratlvoproperties whatever. Hence bitter ana painful dissppoifltaMOthas foUowed the use of tbe various extracts o f rfaisapaniU whioh hPreparedbyDr.J.C.ATUk.Co.,LoweU,Mass. Price$1 perbottle;six-bottlesin«nepookofe,$5.Sold by oil druggists everyWhere.—Phrenoloiry is tbe most useful o f o d modern disooveries. I tteaches life and its laws, and unfolds human nature in all itsbyFOWLER k. WELLS, NO. 308 Broadway. • ' S » irAdvertisement JBARKTTM'S MUSEUM still attracts thousands ofnoyonce.Scalpel, and Operating and Consultlug Surgeon, No. 42 5th-av. Office consultatious on the more obscure diseasos o f the p~tvie viscera, /Rupture, Piles, Varicocele, and Fistula, radiooliy cured without the knife or ligature. Office hours front 8 to 9,1 to I, and 7 to 9 evsnings,,.,FANCY CUTLERY, embracioij a large variety of Sportsmen's Pen and Pocket-knives of toe most rare and beauti- ful patterns, many of which have never betfU before imported,... •> . • '• > • ' • • • • , •r^ ^ i i i t t ^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069mmm®m* • -.;••• 'www.fultonhistory.com«s.*Z'-fm . ^-- ^ ' -':.•.•.-.-•"-