 imoiethan 11,000 letters were posted during the year or registry mark—which points out the valuable con- ;«h«d was to aocoont to the other for the sea rate U « « Port Kearney, for the purpose of supplying the ceased to be transmitted via Wilmington. They have 1859. without any address at all, while it is added, 200 tents of letters and packets, is as far as possible to beucents for half-ounce letters—when the mail packet large and increasing populations in the regions ol the fcirce been sent wholly by the other route. are aaily posted at the principal office in London, un- avoided as certainly endangering their safety. Thewhich the letters were forwarded belonged to that Pike's Peak and Washoe mines. It thus appears that while the average time nponthe•e furtner correspondence na* taken place be- allowance should be made to the contractor, is a ques- t j j j Department and the British Post-Office on tion which belongs to the discretion of Congress to de- abject o l a reduction of postage upon interna- termine. Prior to the 30th of June, 1869, the trans- letters, but as yet without any satisfactory re- mishion of these mails, including a direct service'from^•RAILROAD 8ERVICE.of the act of March 3. 1851, the Postmaster-General was authorized to establish poet routes within all cities and towns where the Postmasters are appointed by the President of the United States. By virtue of this act, I have by a formal order declared all the streets, lanes, avenues,. & c , within the corporate limits of the Cities of Boston, New-York, and Philadelphia to be poet7••i*m MgitiB^^mm<l o ttbey were peremptorily declined, on the groond•nt+Qua&ee «T the diversion of u kv%<s part of Cerms; while the mandatory tone of the law left the included in this group are under contract/and in ofii- ,tions upon the rom^es have been carefullveverthe amount of coi^pondenoe conveyed would In counse* of the Board, to advertiae for pro|K>eahi to ref19Jte two t««t«, leaving the sea postage at eight cents. JBbtn the subject rests. On their side it is claimed that aavarylargeproportionofthelettersaredeliveredfreep p paid latter carriers and rural messengers; that in ie respects their land'conveyance is superior to ours, !that in tho conveyance by sea, their plackets render iota valuable and mr more costly service than thosethe United State*. The answer on the part of the States is thai our mail service is much more ex- and costly than that of Great Britain; that year adds to ha expense; that in point of fact,Expenditure. Receipt*.sparsely populated cities and towns the compensation hxed by the recent act is wholly insufficient to support thecanier system. Yet in this:class of cities and towns the public demand the delivery of their letters by earners, and ar» entirely willing to pay for the service a rate of compensation which would render it remunerative. As the discretion previously existingeyirit of the age, which encourages international corre- •poadence as it does international commerce, forbids m a t a foreign letter should be subjected to a higher post-fornia, and Portland, in Oregon, running through in at New-York with the morning mail from the South— tho large cities at the low rate of one cent established seven days, from April 1 to December 1, and in twelve which ia thus.expedited some thirteen hours—so that by the existing law, provided it can command the en- days the balance of the year, at $90,u00 per annum. letters (and passengers] leaving Washington in the tire local correspondence for delivery. This can beattending the defalcation of Isaac V. Fowler, late Postmaster at New-York, were fully set forth. His embezzlement has been since ascertained to amount toMillnil upondomesticletters, andit hascertainly no ejann to be carried for a lower rate. As in the division -taT.ihe/, twelve cant postage proposed, England will eaaiaemt to no abatement of ner inland rate, Uer postal eaathorkiee cannot reasonably expect that the United Jfekatee will reduce theii domestic rate, which, aa shown, ^already muchbelowwhat theserviceactuallycosts. Jfcie Wifflcult to perceive on what principle it can bethat cur ratCj which is not remunerative, shall •abatement, while that of England, which is cou- *o, remains intact. Seven cents is regarded as ;an ample compensation for the ocean trans- Jfy fa/waver, it is not so, it should be in- sarcaacdj but that increase should not bo abstractedunder my order, when the service previously existing hours, and from Baltimore in about twenty-one hours; tame footing in thecities that it occupies in the rural punishes as a felony, an indictment has been found; on the road, costing $25,883 per annum, was with- conversely, correspondence leaving Boston at eight districts. .That such a necessity would arise was but, as Fowler is still a fugitive from justice,, no arrestceed the balance of the appropriation remaining un- expended, it is recommended that the deficiency be supplied, and that the Department be authorized te proceed at once with the work.Although the fiscal year ended 30th of June last em- braced oae of those periods, recurring quadrennially, during which there is an unusual demand for mail bags, in consequence of the vastly increased amount of printed matter transmitted through the»mails, there was a reduction of twenty-five per cent in the expense of all the mail bags purchased and repaired for the ser- vice duriug that year, compared with the year nextpreceding.3ft be able to state, that although the United States vee- •saala are prohibited by law from receiving anything be- 5pmd the postages for the conveyance of the mails, aaere ie now a fair prospect of our soon having a regu-aW weekly line to Europe by American ships.In my solicitude to avoid every obstacle to an imme- eltete reduction of the postage upon letters, I proposed *» the Pcetmaster-General of Great Britain te leave Wat aahject of postage upon printed matter for separatejawgotiation. High «a the postage is on letters, it isewren more unreasonable on many kinds of printed mat-*er The united charge on newspapers, and pamphlets %terior route, as arranged, is but $76,463 a year, it will be perceived that the effect of the arrangements will be to make the service between San Francisco and Olym- pia (nearly one thousand miles) much more frequent than heretofore, and at a considerable saving in expen-diture; an increase of mail facilities, which will doubt- less afford great satisfaction as well as accommodation to the numcrous'lmportant towns lying between said points. -8AN AKTONIO AND SAN DIEGO.It was stated in the last annual report that the cost come a law. of.this service had been reduced from $196,000 to $120,-000 per annum, by restoring it toils original footing asfoo,c5y 05.The canvas sacks (used for the transportation^ of printed matter) purchased and put into service dnrirnr the fiscal year ended 30th June last, number 22,900; and cost $21,990, being about three per cent more in number, and twenty-four per cent more in ecst than, such as were purchased and put into service duriug the preceding year, under a prior contract and of an in- lenor quality. 'The mail bags of all hinds purchased during the fiscal year ended 30th June last, number,-in the ujcirrcirato. 28,600 and cost $37,300 99; being seven pointless is number, and thirty-one per cent lees in cost than such as were pui-chaged and put into service during themore than during the preceding year.Tho total expense for the purchase and repairs ofmail bags of every description during* the fiscal yea* ended 30th June last, amounted to $49,503 (X}, or ,$16,- 55251 lees than the expenditure for the eauio objocta during the preceding year.•a>ii%liiiig not over two ounces, is four cents; on pam-a semi-monthly maiL Within the.pastyear that portionwhich were proBentcd somewhat in detail in the last> /compulsory, had gone into operation, it waa found that veriouB post-offices in the country districts. But the checks extravagant and wasteful appropriations of thalarge numbersof unpaid letters continued to be posted. >s*rvke can only be maintained as a unit by clothing it postal revenues, and thus protects the DepartmentSupporing that this was the result of a lack of knowl- with the rights and privileges of a complete Govern- from those oppressive burdens which are to heedleselyedge, on the part of the public, of the requirements of ment monopoly in all the fields of its operation. Some imposed upon it in the United States. Thie principMithe new law, the Department directed that in all such of its branches are wellkfiown to be heavy burdens is thus enforced even against the Government itself, so'cases the parlies addressed should be advised by the upon the Department; and they would be msnpport- that while English steamers <5arry the maite at enor-the letter maQ to the overland roate, the postages Department no alternative but to accept the beat re, cient operation. TSie routes established by the' act of rartment Jtroioi future litigaiiott ^rpori*^ question, 1 1 fonn and jtift p^cinle** and no <xmwmm$ty or rt&9»rTBB NEWOft yvrsmrv Btjit-ierf, *«»«"»»A VWtT LAJM31 ftt««fe)l«b«4 errvrj 8ATVjfcrffctk. on B^Ja&b.closed malm in transit ihrcngn tike~"£*a,w«MM«G«&» , • - «&a f would afford a wholly inadequate remuneration. This,maximum fixed by the act. The revenues derivedU UJlfcut TtTTH '*" MOO.. ...SpAIM,191 90 nicated to Congress, and urged that the act of June from this eervice will not exceed $500 per annum;! n bill at the second cesi-ionof the 35th Congress-^-wereroutes established In VJO cities under the authority of the termini of the route will be conveyed via the l«ior- on the Atlantic routes Oct. 1, and on the Pacific routes the statute of Marc>;-3,1853. ., - S U l W * ^ . a^r-tooo* of ~ o » i _ fact the President of the United States at once commu-theprovmonB-ofthoacVlef March 2,1827, to all postticn or acceleration of its mails, than its eorrespoodenosj will entitle it to. In England, thw rule of admiru^tra- tionis universally recognized, and cheerfully acqui*15 should be so modified as to authorize the Dep<r- i'WlBw«-«*o->«".... .-•".;.. • ±2»J~X 52 ment-to contract for the continuance of tho then existdeed, as one-half of the limited correspondence between again adve/iiped May 16, I860, the service to commencetM »•*••, 4*M«a* *•«* <m«rtwv £ 1 * £>4M tb© United 8t«*e« on adjustment of ac- £'___££_ San Francisco, oh such terms as might he deemedidaltailrcad and steamers on the western coast of the-Dec. 1. 'Dccifcions on the proposals received wero-madeNo objection, M the score either of policy or prin- eaced in by the public. In that country, from who**luTge experience and ripened jndgment in postal af-ing transportation of the mails between New-Y ork and•TWy Tsi. the aggregate amount of tho Wds,iiwcepted much below the'Bum named. This was well known to fcewg a t the rate of $'.133,641 per annum, .or $206,647 Coi^-me, and leaves no room to doubt- bat that com- for. the remainder of. tbo fiscal year ending June JO.ciple} canoe successfully urged against the. suppressionjiwltl.Prw*i*forU»«fi-«-Jy«-a......... 43,285 37 reasonable ana just. CongreBS,' however, adjournedioo«t of .the trannatlantic mail service performed without taking any further action upon the subject. Inian*hit* employed by tbie department, tinder the view of the.importance of these mails, and of the iin law under which this service has been established. In appropriated.'.•."•. ' rox the private expresses occupied in the conveyance oftion, %nder the ministrations of the postal ser- granted only on condition that the excess shall be paid!^ ^ S a ^ R h e l r t of ^ww 14,1858> was $375,235 04. practicability, from their great weight and bulk, ofS k k t j ronnd tripa were performed by Amencan *t«am- forwarding them'over land, a renewed effort was made"'"itt^ietltfeen New-Tor*, Southampton, and Havre, for their transmission by sea, and finally Corn^liut*for by thoseat whose instance and for whose benefit thethe tea and United States inland poatt-gee, amount- Vanderbilt agreed to convey them-uri'til the 4th of frcm the common treasury, I should have forborne, all •t* $228,149 70; the average, per round trip, beinK March next, upon the terms of the act of June 15, but remark upon its improvidence, and would have v>\\ to "" 99.* Eleven roond tripe were performed by .upon the express assurance that the President would others the task of commenting alike upon tbo expe-SfaUa to »6dreM «f «*«to 6aHB«ne* at UT Ui>~. AKJ) TWENTY- K«tbln«to»*rtVB3S8B2S I«terrTc«i.-',. T H E KB FOR &mo«» ib« 4«]THE N E CAUTOHKU.0PC• ' • ••.: T H 0nlwcrib^» «4o «oUiowin* C«au&itt«e:X M. COFKJ V jf. JkLHUUiKJ GfcORGE MA: CHAKLE8.L. A.HAYWAKE• WJkCV.CA.MP! ALLAN RUTHMli8ICBYTi£KNA Tfae Hutchiiinoarteamships between New-York and Liverpool, recommend to Congress to make to him snch sa& &a »ea postage only, fox the sum of $50,093 62; fuither allowance, oyer and above the postages, as diency and constitutionality of such adiepoBitic/a of the aactagmg $4-553 §6 per round trip. Ten round trips would constitute a fair and adequate compensation for public money. The appropriation,hewever^ V/as made mtf performed between New-York and Southampton the eervice. But for this assurance, aU the endeavors frcm the postal fundi and those charged with; its admin- VT Ibreifin steamships, at the sea postage only, for the of the Department to maintain an ocean postal commu- istration cannot but deplore its perversion'to an objectPostmasters that such letters had been deposited ior ably oppressive were it not for the relief afforded by mous cost to almost every part oi the civihV/ed world, transmission, and would be forwarded on receipt of !thea m cfj|3r.061 45; averaging *3,706 U per round trip. nication between our Atlantic and Pacific ports woidd, BOentirely foreign to that for'wlach it W«B contributed f|fcte-«<roundtripswer#ateoperformedbytheCau- itisconfidentlybelieved,haveprovedunavailing. bythepublic. Sowastefulanexpenditureoftheearn-pot-tnge. This practice has been continued tor•more other branches which rire remunerative, but which the Pcst-Oifice Department is debited with only m thanfiveyears,buttheevilwhichitwasestablished willcontinuetobesoonlysolongasthocompetitionof muchofthisexpenditureaBiscoveredbythepostage* to correct still continues. The fact that the postal private enterprise is effectually excluded. _ received on the mails thus conveyed. Theexceeeisde-ings of the Department iB to the last'uegree discoar- OMtias Hueof mail packets between Portland and Laver- The subjoined table exhibits the postages received oging-'to. all endeavors dt prudence^aud frugality inlaws exact the prepayment of all domesticletters is There are now four daily deliveries of letters and frayed by appropriations from the treasury of the na- certainly as notorious as any governmental regulation packets by carriers in the City of New-York, four in tion, in furtherance of whote interests, this extended can posfribly be made, and yet these letters not only Philadelphia, and three in Boston; and tho number and onerous service ia performed. This system so care-will be increased from time to time, as the increase of population and correspondence will justify it. The high price of labor, however, and the low rates of our postages, forbid the hope that, without some change in the existing laws, the system can ever attain the per-w*l «ood Quebec and Liverpool,at the sea postage only, from the ocean and Isthmus route to California, ae well their administration on the part of the Exec- 3bV the sura of $39,930 27; averaging $1,933 23 per as from the overland service, for three quartern of the utive branch of the Government. In truth,i trip.Total postages on mails transported by steamships'•CH«w-Yoxk, New-Orleans, and 8an Francisco, iIsthmus of Panama, including mails for Aspin- and Panama (New-Oranada), and Acapulco, ,$2*20,862 75; between New-Orleans and San jaVa-udseol via Isthiau*of Tehuantepec, from Jalv 1 to feeWber 10, I860, $1:634 81; betweenptbe United grate* and the West India Islands, $66,715 67; and betweenSow-Orleans and Vera Crur, Mexico, $2,019 75.The amount paid to the different home lines of ocean conveying mails to and from Havana ands (Cuba), and receiving; as compensation the States postages, sea and inland, was $50,65168; •transporting mails by steamship between Now- s and vera Cruz, Mexico, seven round trips,15.have the satisfaction of announcing that a liberaladvantageous postal treaty has been concluded ihis Uajesty the King of the Belgians, through ncyy Mr. Blondeel Van Cueienbroeck, En- *e«r Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, the j a w k a t k m * of which have been regularly exchanged. A s*py of this treaty, which hears date the 21st JDe--Maker, 1859, accompanies this report.present year, ending September 30:Mareh quarter, I860. Oc«an said iBtbrxtDB PottagoiOveriand postages •June quarter, I860.Oc«an and Isthmni pontages........... Overland postagesSeptember quarter, 1860. Ocean and Isthmus postages.Overland postages :this course ef legislation is a seeming .re- buke to the self-sustaining theory on which the Post-Cffice Department was organized and so long and so honorably conducted, and tends thus to destroy that powerfnl motive to economy which, has ever been the conservative element of the service. If persisted in, it must Anally result in confoxmding the postal revenues with the common treasury, ancTin disavowing the trust with which these revenues have been charged from the foundation of the Government, or in openlydisregarding its obligations.MISSISSIPPI 3UVER MADL.It appears from the laBt annual report that the ag- gregate cost of the service between St. Paul and New Orleans, for the year ending June 30,1859, waa $328,- 278. The reduction of $47,213, made above the mouth of the Ohio, operated to- bring the expenditure for thefully maintained, is an illustration alike of jn*tice and of an enlightened statesmanship whose Ieeeone should not be lostIt will be seen that the revenue from the ocean service has constantly diminshed, while that from the overland route has constantly increased, though not in the same proportion. The dimintltion and increasewill be made in our postal laws at an early day. A l , though the measures therein proposed haveheen recouvt mended by the Department in special commrmication*The division of the present rate of twenty-four New-Orleans, cost the Government at the rate of tinued from deference to the apparent will of Congress,•as follows:C_jt*4 8t*t*uinland postage. ".>oent«. \%ttm\ ^Od&fft* * . • » • • • • • • • • # • • • • • * • • » • » • » • • • • • • • * • • • • •'*$350,000 per annum. The present contract does not as manifested in the mandatory act under which the embrace the New-Orleans mails, but it provides for an service was established. These contracts will expire additional monthly trip between New-York and San on the 30th June, 1862, when it will be practicable aud Franc ieco, making the service tri-monthly instead of the duty of the Department to place the transportation semi-monthly as heretofore. It is due to' the contractor of these river mails on the footing which it occupied to say that he has thus far faithfully fulfilled his en-gagement with 'the department, and as he came to itssuggestions for its improvement-are worthy of the it is considered very advisable to have a uniform rataa* feuowai_P H O - b» » UiTi nITHii i i iButw inland Totali n - -i r-»» Cfifi*1**12 "t instrumentality for the detection of depredations upon the mails, the law has proved a failure. The Govern-Total....<24ment which should have been made by the writers. Through the press, and by .placards on the letter boxes, every possible publicity has been given to this law, and yet, from inadvertence, or fraudj or other cause, numerous letters continue to be deposited in the boxes on which the carrier's fee is not paid. The courtesy of the Department in giving the notice alluded to— which has imposed upon it a heavy burden—instead of beingfifsippj, at least $100,000 per annum might be saved appreciated, has been the means of provokiDg much bit-most careful consideration of Congress.RFCKSTRATION OF LETTERS.The act of March 3,1855, providing for the registra- tion of valuable letters posted for transmission in the mails of the United States has now been in operationof 10 cents, instead of charging, as at present, JO oc. 20 cents, according to distance. It is often difficult, particularly for postmasters in the interior, to deter- mine the distance letters are to be tranmitted^ and this leads to irregularity and complaint. In some instances insufficient postage is taken, and the letter has to be• • » * • • • • • • • » • * «•#•••••••»••••ioonntiy performing the ocean service of coarse -xaeerrts the sea postage.prior to the passage of the law referred to. No doubt is entertained ,btit that by engaging their conveyance by the trip, and thus opening the service to free com-rebel' in a conjuncture of great embarraasm'ent, hiscertain conditions, to favor a reducuon of the claim for remuneration should be frankly and liberally petition on the'part of the steamers plying on the Mis-Thja department having intimated its willingness,more than five years, but with results, I regret to add, returned for full prepayment, while in others too muck which have disappointed the expectations that led io ia collected. Much of the greater part of tbie corre-spondence comes within the 2,500 miles.It is proposed to permit regular dealers in newspa- pers and periodicals to receive by mail such quantities of either as they may require, and to pay the postage( JK>*i»ig-tt. OhurcU '.-•*« Ifee.», for ih* b^sn'W c iat 7. XicxeU Si c<The lutev. John 1 JERl*TA'i.i\J£ VVOiiii^.' Tfeesc HirtoiJcal Lrct Atffeieot ages, bare beej, w«p**x, tiipuiin tb<- >-»£}^ Cth,axb tt'clocJu <Lcct. I., L»*c 6—?Lcct. II., Dec 10-1 . JUsct.111'., Dec 13-w ito twelve cents, the British office in February, /proposed that rate, and that the division shouldmet. I should not regard the Government as honor- ably acquitted of its obligations to him, without a full redemption of the pledge implied in the. assurance which the President,. from high considerations of the public interest, felt justified in giving him.Inadditiontothistri-monthlymailbytheocean, there exist at preeent the following overland postal connections with the Pacific, viz:1 . A e e m i - m o n t h l y m a i l f r o m S t . J o s e p h , M i s s o u a l ^ via Salt Lake City, to Plaeerville, California., The ' expenditure upon this route was reduced $47,000, on the 6th day of June, 1860, by the establishment of a " star" in lieu of the preexistingcoachservice between Salt Lake City and Plaeerville, and it has been in-from the present expenditure. NKEW-YORK AND NEW-ORLEANS MAIL.The subjoined table wiH exhibit.the character of theter and senseless animadverrion on the part of those who find themselves overtaken by the unpleasant con- sequences of their own neglect or fraud, or of that of their correspondents. To all this, it is sufficient to re-the adoption of this novel feature in our postal system. Whether regarded as a precaution for the protection of the interests of this class of correspondents or ae ania condition of this proposition it was, however,tor proposed that no letter should be forwarded un- l a w p r e p a i d t o t h e e x t e n t o f a t l e a s t o n e r a t e o f t w e l v e coats; that letters on which postage to the amount of JmuJia eenta had been paid, out which were not fullythat via Wilmington: - _•Southwestern Route, ma hnozvtlle, Tennessee.Schedule time, to March, inclusive, 4J days; from April, 4days. A c t u a l a v e r a g e , 5 d a y s 2 b o t i T s .Arrivals in schedule time, 340.Arrivals out of schedule time, 339.Atlantic-Route, via Wilmington, North Carotin*.Scheduletime, W-days.Actual aveTHKfl, 5 days 19 hours. Arrivals in schedule time, 431.' Arrivals out of schedule time, 136.of letters Or packets thus registered, and as they are conveyed in the same pouches, they are eurrounded by n o g r e a t e r g u a r a n t e e s f o r t h e i r s e c u r i t y , e i t h e r i r i transmission or^delivery, than such as belong to the ordinary maile^ of the country. They bear a mark, however, which indicates to all through whose hands they pass their valuable character, and this indication serves rather to suggest and invite depredation than toi•••••••• >•#••••••»•»*»*»•*service during the past year between New-York andNew-QileansontheCentralorKnoxvillerouteandon ply,thatthepostalauthoritiesarebutperforminga^prepaid, should be charged -wijth the deficient postage,mam'm addition one rate of twelve cents; and that eachaaavatij waslo retain the amount of postage collectedl a fa, whether for prepaid letters dispatched to the creased at the rate of $24,381 per annum, by the im-L « c t . I V . , D e c 1lecL V., Dec. 20-31Tioketafortteiconr.-, bU at Cr«weua', Ho. t®kr>or for insufficiently paid letter received from the provement of the service to a weekly mail between bat the country from which the letters were j Plaeerville and Carson City, and between St.. JosephNear the close of May last, mails from New-York fcr New-Orleans and from New-Orleans for New-Yorkappears from the last report of the Postmaster-General, makes it entirely manifest that everything—be it bulk•41. From New-York to San Francisco 2. OveTlnndriaElPaao, &c3. St. Jomeph to Salt Lake City.4. Salt Lake City to Placonrille.the Ocean and the Florida railroad—schedule time, fully guaranteed, 60 hours. The present schedule time between'New-Yoikand Charlestonis48hours,which would give, by this route, from New-York to New-593 41' Orleans, 108 hours, or 4i daye—being 14 hours less than the average time hy the Central, and 31 hours£350,000 600,000 125,000service between St Joseph and Plaeerville via Salt Lake City, amounted to but $5,284 14; yet upon this route—adding thereto the short distances between St. Louis and St. Joseph and San Francisco and Plaeer- ville—a bill now pending before Congress proposes the5. San Antonio to Camp StocktonIt thus appears that the revenue accruing from theDrop letters, like all other domestic letter*, it is ad • vised should be subject to the same rule of eonvpuJ*oq£» prepayment by postage stamps.MISCELLANEOUS. ,The ground now occupied by the Post-Office in^e-vr- York has been bought as a site for a new and enlarged edifice, which in its dimensions and arrangements shall be commensurate with the wants of the service. The price agreed to be paid is $200|000, which leaves of the appropriation a balance of $300,000 for the wnsrruc- tion of the building. The title to the property has been examined, and determined to be perfect by the Attorney-General, and the assent of the Legislature of • New-York is alone required to consummate the pur- chase. So soon as this shall have been obtained, aplan will be adopted, and proposals invited for the erection of the building.The Commissioners have also at length succeeded jut procuring a site in every way desirable for the new Post-Ofneet which, for a series of years, it has been in; contemplation to build in the City of Philadelphia. The cost of the property, however, has BO far exhausted the appropriation that, there remains an unexpended, balance of but .$153,107 29. This sum will probably be insufficient for the erection of the edifice, whictt should, in its Btylej correspond with the prevailing architecture of the city, as, in its proportions, it should be equal to the present and future exigencies of the postal administration. The architect of the govern-> in that country it is a source of income, in the establishment of a daily service, under the delusive ex-the great Southern mail much snpe-ior to those hith- erto aflorded by any other route. In this connection may be mentioned the recently established \NIGHT MAIL BETWEEN NEW-YORK AND BOSTON.cheerfully submitted to by the public^ I recommend that the provision of the act of last session be repealed, and that the Department shall have authority to col- lect such postage on all letters delivered by carriers, as shall he deemed necee?ary to compensate them for tho service, provided that, it shall not exceed two cents percur.It can scarcely be doubted that some plan could bedevised, in connection with the existing postal service, which would secure the conveyance of all valuables ccmrritted to the mails under satisfactory guarantees for their safety, and under proper responsibilitiee du the part of the Government, but whether the. publictheir descendants, for an indefinite period, should be pensioned from the Treasury, than that this unpar-field, and Worcester, reaching Boston in not more thanways, to the extent of its performance, cost the De-now exposed would no longer exist, and most of the demoralization that dishonors tho service would disap-The act of Congref 8 of 21st June last, directed me to contract with the California Stage Company for dailypared in either city to the close of the latest business hours is taken through and delivered at an early hourthe enforcement of this view of the law, and the reve- nue derived from this source, added to the other receiptsDEFALCATION OF. , •POSTMASTERA TNEW-YORK..$30,770 97 , 30,7« 49,$33,fl07 62 , 34,509 73$25,644 70 37,01075continue to be lodged unpaid in the. different Post-01Ec€B, but at several points they have of late been onthe increase. In New-York tb'eir average number is59 daily, and it is presumed that in like proportion theyare received at the ether Pcsl-Olfices throughout thecounfry. Regarding this as evidencing a determina- fection which distinguishes it in some of the European m A e Houpe of Representatives, having-for their oba r e alike due to the order of thi8 Department underdate of 17th of December, 1859. directing letter mails,which had previously gone by the steamers, to be madeup and foiwarded overland. During the last quarter,which was the first under the existing contract, thofalling off in the receipts from the ocean service wasynTY rapid, having declined to $25,644 70. This is last fiscal year down to $281,065. The tri-weekly riverof local and petty personal interests, which provokes a hostility that too often finds its expression in decep- tive criticism and unscrupulous defamation. When to such unworthy opposition the press is tempted to lend•probably below the quarterly average for the year. As- suming, however, the receipts forthe preceding quarter •Jto be the average, this would give at the rate of $131,-430 48 per annum. That this Bum, should it even be realized, is not a fall compensation for the service as actually performed, is undeniable, but what farthermail between Memphis and New-Orleans has been since discontinued,-which has resulted in a further re- trenchment of $76,600 per annum, so that the total out- lay upon the route for the current fiscal year will be $204,465. The discontinuance last referred to was made in consequence of the heavy through mails hav- ing been transferred to the railroads, of which a contin- uous line now exists between Memphis and New-Or- leans. The. expenditure still made upon the river route very far exceeds its postal value, and is only con-fee on letters collected from the boxes for the mails in irregularities that may occur. Every effort possible, of arrival, and only five cents when forwarded, na r e -these cities in which this feature of the penny post has with the funds under the control of the Department, quired by existing laws. The fee to the captains beingbeen introduced. The act of July 3,1836? is impera- has been made to improve ^he efficiency of the earner two cents, the Department will receive the uniform:83.241 70,000$170,825 40 119,760764,305 64 978 50 ;sufficiently low. the single letter.From 1848 to 1851, it was forty cent*1860, proposals were invited for transporting the mails |By the terms of the act of June 15, 1860, the com- semi-monthly in steamships between Charleston and d^ salute of the necessary facilities for transportatioon with the doxmcil of the citizen. There is no restriotionf«aM*ion for the ocean service between our Atlantic Savannah, and Key West, and on Oct. 3; 1860, a con-ami Pacific coasts was limited to the postagen received tract was concluded with the owner of the steamer mm Ike maiJte conveyed. Immediately after the pa-wog* Isabel, to continue for four years from July 1,1860, at «* «U» few, * correspondence was opened with the J an annual compensation of $40,000. Whether t>he smmenof tixe rfeamsh^engaged in the trade between \ service to be performed be viewed in its commercial orAH- was to have been expected, the accepted bidder for in the language, and to impose one by construction is tLis )Onte utterly failed to make any provision for the- I to impair,.if not to defeat, tho carrier system whichllo«!>txu-»t.--.'»-v '-^ eifhcdwitUctcillew-Yerk awr j8an Francfeoo, and the mails were mmmni U them on the condition* of the act r«6:rrod to.postal aspects, the sum agreed to be paid for it must beregarded as extravagant. The absence, however, of convey itjto Denver City, once a week, in six and a competition, rendered it impracticable to secure better half days, a distaxice of 400 miles. Tho other routesAs Harhcj* * Conxmiaeioners, they directed the President, with *fca J'g$f:$ ' .^L./move the crib, eontk of Pier No. 1, North River, Jf being « nnitance, and violation o! the Harbor law*.sponrible offer made, provided it did not exceed theS£ country- 2. A weekly mail from New-Orleans via San Auto CeT.tral route is 17 hours less than on that by Wilming- sealed. Were Hie duty of the public in reference to its port of the existing registry act is that it operates as a correspondence as faithfully performed as ia that of theThis) offer was declined, but without presenting on nio, Camp Stockton and E l Paso, to San Francisco. ton, yet the arrivals upon the latter are more -regular Post-Office Department, much of the complaint now safeguard for the rest of the mails by diverting the at-J Th^ Rer. J. C. FLKihc Coop«r Inatititf. On HillSubject: "8wlfa*rldu ii\t; 8ketch«* •,( >i- d< 6c«uet and Incidents ' -TICKETS; n c&xws*part of this department any counter proposition be- the month of August, 1859, when I proposed to the inland rate* established in the respective coun- asjis thre* eenta United Staffs to two cents British— vpresenting a fair division, leaving the sea postage at cents; and that each country should continue to it as at present for its due proportion of the •ajaeJage. instead of retaining all it should collect and saawmting only in respect to the sea postage. Eegard- aag this proposition as most liberal, offering as it does Ht> the international correspondence advantages in jaatttj superior to those extended toour domesticletters J b the aggregate, since a considerable proportion of the Tatter are subject to ten cents postage, it was confidently3. A semi-weekly letter mail from St. Louis and and much more frequently within tho schedules thantention Of depredators from themu While this is no doubt true to a degree, it serves rather to confirm than to confute the view which I have presented against the longer continuance of a precaution that is fruitful only in danger to what it was designed to protect. The sagacity of private interest is proverbial; and the fol-faattevad that it would be promptly accepted. But I public Treasury.to say it was declined; tha British Government The following table of postages received from andng on an equal division of the inland postage, and expenditures made upon these several routes will indi- Brsn/osdng that the island rate for each country should cate the postal value of each during the last year:as a carrier of the mails.Under the authority of the act of June 14, 1858, atake from the Department the discretion in regulating the charge which had been conferred upon it by the acts of July 2, 1836, and March 3,1851. It has been28,145 1C 25,052 95 25,033 70pays only the lower rate of three cents; and in ordec to maintain the original purpose of the law, it is recom- mended that said act be so modified as to require the ten cent rate to be prepaid on all letters conveyed in* the,mail from any point in the United States east ofthe Rocky Mountains to any State or Territory on fihe Pacific, and -viceversa. In view of the expensive character of the mail service to the Pacific, this rate isMemphis via Port Smith and El Paso and Fort Yuma to San Francisco. -upon the former. Both of these routes, however, show heard of its irregularity and mismanagement woulda marked improvement, alike in regularity and speed, as compared with the returns of the preceding year. Thus the Central exhibits for 1860 M 0 arrivals in schedule time against 241 for 1859, and an averagecease".The annual cost of these routes as now modified, es-timating that by the ocean at $350,000, is $1,202,331.The receipts from them, per annum, as shown by thetables accompanying vhis report, do not exceed time of 5 days, 2 hours, against 5 days, 22j hours; one cent on "• drop letters," should he repealed, in or- low ing table, showing the .revenue denved from the $296,469 71. In view of ibis extremly limited reve- while that by Wilmington presents an average time of der that the Department, by a reduction of its rates,these routes were established and are maintained main- 431 arrivals in schedule time during fc.bout 11 months, private expresses in the delivery of the local corre- ly for the advancement of certain national objects not against 403 for the entire year of 1859. Neither of spondence of the cities. This repeal was made, butclear that the public are fast losing the confidence withand from the Pacific States. But since the establish- ment of the Overland Mail, the distance from the valley of the Mississippi toc California, being less than:Home lor the Friend iAmfm of the Hot.»> td sblerverraQitabTo a; phi their inautation—uov.." .iJ to lew tbao Uuee tho:i».J proTid« for htuubed* of ihrtn for relief, agaiiiiaoik of besergUiBce. xbe b«Jou MONDAY, D«C n>, atDec 15. 'Coatiibutiouao holidayrifta".and especial zec«i\'«d and duly ac&nottK. B^-Ho«ut of o„«adj American Gco«ra—'l'fle. regular -aontii;-- n Clinton nail, Till* ii; o'ck«lu lljeUev. t i.U ROlHi&T CAiiriiliL wfil addic** ike Sotiv:-y ofCtnUtlAliioiur:„.... •. K . f el,oeO Rewuj-ajin UM tuy ot s u > u at vnaiObunmii bekgc • •udlodged, and out oi u *dnmkiud'« gTare »i>o n u that irc^li in»t••:;.' UM Hotae, "Where ii th». ceatury1 'i'hi»i»aftU iiixa who dkd tLat t..-x thii vork of homanity dunauob* to l i t 1?< <---•American InviuiAmerican Institute, ii Dec 6, at lu IWL;*U. t!•——dNew-York Sanllicguf<.be»bo\e.w -H room >«. ly, oivillUU i^unctual nUeudfiM't a ID/K\1A meeting of tl CToaby, of INO.J>»U thize wttBthe r<«l3:t- e* DAY, Dee. -l, iu«t- Ou SUrr; took thf C&M, adopted: «If kereax, It hath piw •ationa of lii- 3ftw UtuB lrou oui nndtt. bv it vliewjfstd,'i'hat v. oi;< taiuyd by the deu.. • ot psthiziug with hi- uV*: oere«.T«u parent* ana ij ing our regret that i<»i_: ay Countv «lt'i t.•• tu u5(he laat Uibut« ot una ItctcUed, Tl»a* ii»- » shown &f brightly ai tlgy and untiliii? r»' »« atnito, kindly natnret; tolxe vrith the aKi' %et loto.,M*»ol*ed, That Li« d< i»« fricuda which c»u• t4, nia numerour pe'.a*; acd whoie eutirr ••'•|i •}U*>1**<i. 'i".-.u'. Hi Op Jnzeddreaii, be pro.-ut vtour respect »nu •£»JUtolved, Tha* :."5«* QMkld, Oie Time*. MJOHS STT^RT, &rvaBepabUciut <>J ing ot thi» Club •'i•'- P4 3 o'doek,inthei»*w Lue public 5»-tii'r»^> «1A- C. Htu>, ..'.' 3B. M. S*II>MO^VB r o o k b n ^ i d l* i«i t in ud ot th? a Us G¥ AUJS.D. lM)I«..Jt flotue, in \V«;.'.t.-u mA :»XiUU5t'A\ A «-«ei, from 2 ontit >«. hkuctiou with t>-> B'ti dot;, and thepub!:< \at all postal in their character, I respectfully but earnest*ly renew the recommendaticn contained in my last an-nual report, that they shall be at once pwt upon the tions which have been entertained in reference to it, be not exceeding one cent. The effect of this was tothese routes, however, has fulfilled the promises which were made to the department, or justified the expecta-fisscal year ending June 30,18C6. Fortheyear ending June 30,1857..: For.tLe year ending June 30,1858 Foritboyear ending June30,1859. For the year ending June 30,1860.M ....'..T......... 33,876 H7 three thousand miles, much of this correspondencecontract has been entered into for the transportationof the mails between Charleston and New-Orleansj via satisfactorily ascertained that in the smaller andIt will be obeerved that the receipts for I860 were $10,838 17 or 30 2-10 per cent less than for the year 1857. ThiB exhibits a falling off in the number of let- ters and packets registered to the amount of £216,760; and yet during the brief period in which this decline occurred, the general correspondence and reveune of the eervice increased at least fifteen and a half per cent. This condition of things can only find an ex-planation in the fa t that correspoudents have become convinced that in registering their valuable letters they have been "but holding a fight for the depredator, in- stead of darkening his way or embarrassing him in theless than that by the Wilmington route. The expec-tation, however, is confidently indulged that the ser- upon the subject has never been abused, and as there vice between Charleston and New-Orleans will be •is no probability that the rate would ever be raised btf-June 14,1858-fir^t advertised Feb. 1,18%but not let recemmendftbatyinterme jK^rec»«*andt emphatic as of country figs a right to demand that a larger proper* in conBeoueneo'of the failure of the Postal Appropriation not to be mistaken by tA€£ourta, Congress shall.apply tion of it sliall be expended, either for the, mulapQoa-peninsula, the probability is that tho receipts will fallmercial coneiderations alone led to the enactment of the )'c61, which is $132,353 less- than, the sum #400,000) of these/, cities, and the wants of our civibwi- mate share of the postal fund will afford, they arefact, the History of the act makes this quite as manifest as if tie purpose had been declared in the title of thr, bill itself. Had this large appropriation been payable.. PREPAYMENT.After the act of March 3, J855, making prepaymentvice., in the delivery of letters and packets at thererktencc of the citizen, as indispensable as they are inthe tranppoTtation and delivery of the..mails at the the service; and, while its operation is ^ust to all, it;Vmawtm In-ir-n-T-tion on the part of a portion of the correspondents using the mails, to evade the postal laws, the practice of noti- fying the parties—which has been one involving much labor and expense—has within a few weeks been aban- doned, arid this class of letters are now sent at once to the dead-letter.office. This appropriate disposition of them will, it is believed, be promptly followed by a general com] liance with |he" law.The Bame indisposition to obey the postal laws hascapitals. While this is admitted, it should also be ject various medifications, which I venture to hope)plain and simple duty in enforcing this law, and if erh-barratsments ensue it is but proper that they should fallupon those by whose willful or needless conduct theyh a v e b e e n s u p e r i n d u c e d . I g n o r a n c e ^ BO d e f i a n t o f a l lattempts at its enlightenment, or indid'erence so insen-sible alike to duty and to interest, may well be permit-ted to suffer annoyance and even loss, without excit-ing any serious concern. It is proper to say that cul-mentassumesnoresponsibilitywhateverfortheloss onreceipt,atthesameratesasregularsubsenberstoBuch publications. The object and propriety of thi« will be readily perceived.M a p B , e n g r a v i n g s , l i t h o g r a p h s , o r p h o t o g r a p h i c piints, on rollers.or in paper covers, phonographic par, per, letter envelopes, and books, bound or unbound, in is recommended Bnall be allowed to be sent in the mail charged with postage by the weight of the package, not to exceed four pounds,, at one cent an ounce, to-any place in the United States under 1,500 miles, and two cents an ounce over"1,500 miles. It is propot*edj also, to apply the same rates to cards, blank or printed- whenputup in packages of at least eight ounces ana of Heeds or cuttings, in packages not exceed- ing eight ounces in weight. Many of the aboveenumerated articlee are now entirely withheld from the mails, owing to their oeing sub- ject to letter postage, and by reduciqg the rate upon them, a much desired accommodation will bc'9«»- cured to the public and the revenues of the Depart- ment increased.Under the act of 1855, the domestic rate of poetagt for letters is three cents under three thousand milee, and ten cents when the distance exceeds three thou-sand miles. The intention of this limitation was to nue, as compared with the outlay, and oi the fact that 5 days. 19 hours, against 6 days, 1J hour forl859, and might be enabled more successfully to compete with registration of letters for the last five years, makes it secure the higher rate upon all letters transmitted topable negligence ia not by any means confined to thecorrespondents of our own country. In England, as prevent it. The practical working of our mail system,Xi.HORAL TO Oo l i i l LiCtUfr t APENNY POST.In the last annual report it was recommended that tho provision of the act of 1825, levying a postage ofCongress went further, and declared that thereafterthe charge on each letter delivered by a carrier should$31,4C6 50performed in from 50 to 55'hours, in which event there yoad what would bo necessary to render the carrierwill be thus offered advantages for the conveyance of system self-sustaining, or beyond what would be commission of his crime, in this conviction I fully con-d States it is a tax of several million dollars an- jaaafiy on the Treasury; and when under these circum- ,we are -willing, in a ajprit Of liberality and for sake of uniformity, to take our lowest rate of three to aa our proportion of the inland postage on inter- jtutfcmal letters, alloj-rmg them their inland rate of two •Jants, it k certainly the utmost that could in honor beted. The true principle is that each Government. owing to the character of the road, the rigors of the itae heat if not the only competent judge of the cost Winter, and the bulk and weight of the mails. It»d value of its own inland postal service. That of ^Bjaf^aad, with all its celerity and regularity and other •advantages, has been determined by the Government saf that country to be worth but two cents the single xtafce, and that tbie is no. under-estimate is proved by toei a W thai the postal system i* there fully self-sustaining."3Eke domestic service of the United States has been de"•sarmined by Congress to be worth three cents the sin-yjjto rate for distances under and ten cents for distance*ewer three thousand miles; and that this is no over es-Jiiaiaa iaconclusivelyshown by the fact that the postalartateaq here, so far from sustaining itself, is, as alreadyejfixied, a heavy annual charge upon the Treasury. The service in' stages, between Sacramento City, in Cali- of the succeeding morning. A connection is also.made of the carrier system, will give it adequate support iu tives, under date of 5th June last, the circumstancespectation ofcarrying through this vast desert, and overmountains, for several months of tho year coveredwith snow and impaesable,#the mails, weighing tuns,which are now safely, rapidly, and regularly trans-ported by other routes that are open and unobstructedthroughout the year. The enterprise in its practicaloperation would, no doubt, result in a complete failure, • apparent to the department,' but vanouB difficultiescould not be maintained at a less cost than $600,000per annum, and while disastrous to the last degree to thepostal interests, this lavish outlay would prove beneficialonly to the contractors. If their importunities and theimportunities of their friends cannot be withstood by , an interior night train, leaving New-York at. 8 p.m.,much importance, and should such a plan as has been suggested be devised and successfully carried into exe- cuiion, not the least of its advantages would be the withdrawal ol treasure from the ordinary mails of theThe value and necessity of a postal commtmicationbetween these' large commercial marts, at a later hourof the day than has hitherto existedt has long been lei tfci L e acts of July 2, 1836, and March 3, 1851, eontem- mind will submit to the increased rates of postage,have intervened to prevent^ its attainment. All thelines connecting the two cities are^ composed of threeand four distinct companies, deriving their charters at the domkil of tho citizen. From some unexplained mended to the consideration of Congress as one offrcm as many different States, and having each its own interests and local purposes to advance. Recent nego- tiations, however, nave resulted in arrangements forcause, this provision of the law was not executed, and the eervice of delivering letters into the Post-Office for transmission has been gratuitously performed. No reason could be urged iu support of this usage, sincethe Government, it would be far better that they and/ and. running through New-Haveu, Hartford, Spring- this service, thus rendered without any return, has al- country. The temptation to which postal officials arenine hours, and returning from Boston to New-York atalleled waste of the public money should' be allowed. similar hours. In this manner, correspondence pre- been exacted. Orders have accordingly been given for pear. .ment is now engaged in the preparation of plana for aqje for iu inland transportation than that which is This line went into operation on the 15th of September, morning, arrive at Boeion^ in less than twenty-three / accomplished only by placing the postal system on the $170,847 07. For this offenBe, which tl e statute justly finch a building, and should his estimate of its cotit ex-drawn. The act also'' directed the organization of a o'clock onefevening, is received and delivered at Wash- cleaily foreseen by Congress, and in the tenth sectionhas taken place, and no tqa^ can be had. A civil suit on his bond has been commenced against bifl sureties, but no judgment has as yet been obtained. They resist the recovery, principally on the ground that it was un- derstood between themselves and Fowler that another surety should sign the bond before it was delivered to the Government, which was not done. Fowlor has given his deposition in support of this defense, alleging that there was such an., agreement between himsoff and the two sureties now sued, but that he failed to procure the signature of the third surety named, and forwarded the bond to the Department without appris- ing it of the existence of this agreement. It was thusSIsix-times-a-week line, in steamboats and stages, be- tween Portland, Oregon, and Olympia, in WasHngton Territory, at a rate of cost not exceeding that pre^ scribed for the former route. The contractors for the semi-weekly mail already in operation between the latter points.were directed to improve accordingly,making the trips in 36 hours, as required by the act, atf12,346 additional pav per annum. They have not yet een heard from.. The act further directed that the ocean service, performed semi-monthly since October. 1857, between San Francisco and Olympia, at $122;500ington before the tame hour the next evening.T!he arrangement is. for three months only, it being an experiment, to result in a permanent organisation, should it prove successful as a postal measure and re- munerative to the contractors as a passenger convey- ance.After anuding to the irregularities connected with roads, and have notified all engaged in the transporta-* » m the domestic rate of either of the two countries. per .annum, should be withdrawn, when the stated in the last annual report to be the purpose of March 2.1827. The private expresses in the citiesThe locked bags of all kinds (used for the transmis- sion of letters) purchased and put into the service slightest intimation from anvquarterthat its execution during the fiscal year ended 30th June last, number 5,700f and cost $15,294 99, being thirty-seven per cent less in number, and fifty-eight per cent less iu cost, than such as were purchased and put into service 2 5 ? 2 £ i % Prae&Bg year, the cost of which wasAm regard* the superiority of the English ocean con- routes referred to were put In operation. The the Department to "notify these companies that on named have acquiesced in the legality of this step,asayance, so Jong aa they are enabled by large subsidies Pacific Mail Steamship Company, wko held the and after March 31, 1860, the mails would be delivered with the exception of one in Philadelphia, known as" Blood's Express," which has continued the regular delivery of letters in defiance of the order of the De- partment.A bill in equity was filed with a view of restraining the company from thirhabitual and persistent violation of the postal laws, but upon full argument and consi- deration had on the questions involved, the injrjnction was denied. The ground assumed by the learnedjudges in their decision-^a copy of which accompanies this report—is that the statute of March 3,1851..did not intend to confer upon the government the same monopoly as carriers of letters, packets. &o., over the poet routes thereby authorized to be established, as wasaccepted in good faith by the Government, without thecontract therefor, have been instructed to discontinue service accordingly. As there has existed for some years a eix-times-a-week steamboat service betweento keep vessels of great speed regularly in the service1km year round, they will continue, as heretofore, toewrry much the largest part of the mails, and will, ofnaauiB, continue to reafize a correspondingly large pro- San Francisco and Sacramento City, 120 miles, through Subsequently, however, a bill was passed by the Son-a»ortioB of the eea postage. l a m gratified, however, in eleven hours, and ay the net expense of the new in- ate, and would probably have passed the House ofthe transportation of the mails on the railroads of the country; growing out of the refusal of many of, the companies to execute the customary contracts, it wastion and delivery of letters, for compensation in said cities, that they would thereby expose themselves to the penalties imposed by the third section of the act ofto them only on condition of their entering into formal agreements, containing on their part the usual stipula- tions for the faithful performance of the service."was informal or incomplete. The gross fraud attempted to be practiced by this concealment was a fitting, pre- lude to the embezzlement which.'followed, if indeed it was not a systematic preparation for it. Should the Court hold that this secret compact between these Bureties and their principal, though not communicated to the Government, will bar the impending suit, then no confidence can be safely reposed by the Depart- ments in any bond executed by their officers engaged in the public service. In that event, it will be for Congrc«i to determine whether some future legislationis not necessary for the protection of those Interests whose security the announcement of so extraordinary a legal proposition must necessarily compromise.RETRENCHMENT..The experience of the past year has fully vindicatedthe retrenchment, and reforms previously made, andRepresentatives, but for lack of time to consider it, essentially modifying the existing laws prescribing the compensation and duties of the railroaa companies as cameia of the mails and it was deemed advisable that2the provisions of this bill should be the basis of thecontracts, the execution of which it was proposed toenforcew The action contemplated has teherefore beenpostponed, in-order that the JDepartment may be in acondition to avail itself at once of the relief whichwould be offorded by the bill referred to, should it. be- conferred upon it by the act of March 2,1827, in refer-«f tjr»t-\l«»»^ N<«> '<A :;NEW ROUTES.(ence to the general post roads of the country. While entertaining tho most profound respect for the tribunal pronouncing this opinion, it is but proper to say that ite leaeoniiighas not Lnjprcaeed me, nor have I beenJ^onaid of the Su; >« COOl'KR A AfUf.a tiononSAlURDAKBy the " Act to furnish additional mail facilities,"jaalata and magazines exceeding two ounces in weight, of the route between San Diego and Fort Yuma was approved May 16,1860, the sum of $25,160 waa placed able to adopt the conclusions at which it has. arrived. annual report. So far from impairing, they haveW a r e x o o m a o f M e l N »1 aufclimuon. Seie jr"^»it ^•ia;»co»h. •_^^WuAr.PW»f *'' 4rta>*»,for riih'.e •:.« weavt Tot lust yj""Carry a n d Ka .MUv 11- SlDl)O.N> , WtJ, ^trailer SB " ^^o'dock. Jatci 'ACliXNt-S,"^'^ to>AMiUE8 V j» ^^INtiilACi •;•••*~Aicxnndt«r-*« SnMturalUMKII W•*•> ,JI ^btoa«hjtfct»*»j 'CLARK A C\, A - JLark V«ar Caught cents an ounce; and books areadmitted into the discontinued aa entirely -u.><elep«, which resulted in a at the disposal of the department for mail routes in The streets, alleys, Sic, of Philadelphia are now, by greatly increased the efficiency of tho service, while » a a only at letter rate. The British office proposes saving of $*28,695. Between El Pase and Camp 8tock Western Kansas, authorised by the act of March 27 virtue of the act of March 3, 1851, " poet routes:" this they have unquestionably elevated and purified its afrat each country shall charge what it pleases upon ton, a u star" ha« b«en subctituted for the coach ser- preceding, for the supply of the Pike's Peak region;' is not denied. The statute of March 2,1827, declares moral tone. The policy which they annoeuced is bo- jsrmted matter of every description, crediting the outer vice, and the .semi-monthly improved to a weekly mail, and the sum of $400,000 was appropriated for the pat- that " n o person other than the Postmaetcr-General, or heved.to have the support of the deliberate judgment Tsrith thirty cents a pound when the other performs, the with a reduction of the expenditure of $12,579. The ting in operation snch of the routes, established by the his authorized agents, shall setup any foot or horse of the country, and is not the less valued becaiwe its*ea service, and with ten cents a pound when the sea service has also been increased to a weekly mail be- actoi' June 14,1858, Mas the Postmaster General might post for the conveyance of letters and packets upon QMarreyanco fe by its own packets. The counter propo- tween San Antonio and Camp Stockton. This has in deem advisable." In anticipation .of the appropriation otiy pout rood, which is or may be cstabh&hed as suchpractical enforcement may have given offense to those whoie unscrupulous ambition would uae the revenues ol this Department as an instrument for political ad- vancement, alio opinion is entertained more firralv than ever that the Department should be administeiv anatien of this Department ia, that, upon newspapers theS r© ahall be t w o cent*, pre-paid, and divided ty^. whether the sea conveyance ia by one or the country; and that all other kinds of printed mat-volvcd an additional annual outlay of $16,2>v4, which, for the routes first named, viz: those intended for the by law; and that everyjperson who shall offend, shall however, was necessary in order to complete UXQ postal convej-anco of mails to the gold, regions -of Western incur a penalty," ccc. If the words '"'aw^poat roadThe sum ($50,710'39) suited in another phi, ] ended for moil bng» during the last fiscal y eludes payments to the amount of $7; 117 30 u mail lui£8 purchased and put into service dm preceding year ended June 30, 1859.1 have thr houor to be, very respectfully,To rim Pa*bir.xNT. .sis ex- iu*foe ikeT o O U #•*»»••*#••»•#«•••» *....... .32 c«'u«. PACIFIC MAILS.Fors Message see the Third Page,connection between New-Orleans and San Pir.ancisoo. It thus appears that the aggregate of the roYrench-Kansas, proposals were invited bv advertisement dated on the / th of April, the «eryice,"to commence as soon as practicable after tho 1st of July, and continuewinch in or may he established," do not embrace thoso declared to-be such by Jaw iu the city of Philadelphia it is not easy to conceive what terms could he employed; mconfoimity to the self-Bustaining theory on which itejar be subject to compulsory pre-payment, at two centsMm ounce, or thirty-two cents a pound, the postage to ments made in. the expenditures on this route since to the 30th of Juno, ,1862, On opening the proposals •sufficiently comprehensive forthe purpose. The ouowas orjMiTiir<>d ur\A faitlvfnlln „^J3..... - J i.J. •*"v!rr' 'e is to** apportioned and accounted for as follows:March, 1859, amount to $101,000. As thus modv^ed, the route meets every postal want, aud the service u ^ u it is believed to be entirely satisfactory to the publk*on the 15th of June, it was found that the aggregate 'ammoimputed to Congress.in the enactment of tho sum bid for tho whole number of noutes (five) was but act ol March 3, 1851, is by no means made apparent in $7,579 per annum; the proposal for the pnn<Upal route the course of the argument. The monopoly created bv viz: that from Julesburg (on the-Salt Lake route! fcn the act of March 2, 1827, would seem to extoiulUsoMra statesTnlsrxL ,M^^^9«Kayjearxyinat«otirinf}J>l'MJ*0 AJaaMttsaW»»»»«>».»>.«.io <v»nt*. i« c«»u. £ OtfUi-t,CHAItLESTON, 8AVANNAH, AND KEY WEST SERVICE.j ; ?i.;M.lated thjit the same charge should be made for. the de-Svery of letters into the Post-Offlce as for their deli veryvolve, may well be questioned. The subject is. com-partment as much as that for which compensation hastrenchments have been madelnDenver City was $800 only, for the weekly conveyance alike to every post road thon existing or hereafter to during the past year which, however, « ? o wLake route) toUnder the provisions of the act approved June 25, j of a mail, probably never less than half a ton weight a exiet, whether pervading the country or the citv ort h ^ T r v k e ".distance of 240 miles, throngh a new country nearly connecting different Poet-Offices with each other ormiles east of Jweaburg, on tho Salt La&e route audh^chcan hbe urLgereddinfisunpnporrtt. rotf tKhe« m,«o^n«op^oil.y., c.Joln- Afaire'much may be learned, when a city or conimnnltr letters and- packets in our cities. Tho growth requires mail accommodations beyond what its legiti-stated that its operations thus far have been more BUC-ceesfulthan could have been anticipated, in view ofthe obstacles it has had to encounter. The introduc-tion of every new system, while seeking the advance- * to the Post-Office Committee of the House, I deemi ib ment cf the public good, can rarely avoid the invasionforwarded by mail, thus avoiding the anomafy of been manifested Iby the non-payment of the carrier's its influence, undue-importance is given to the slightest charging *ix cents when delivered at the porttive in requiring the prepayment of this lee, and con-curring, as I do. fully in its policy, I have not felt ju&-.tilled m suspending or in any degree modifying its ope-ration. As, however, the date of its enforcement is sorecent, it has been deemed advisable to pursue for alimited period the course already mentioned as having; public service. Appended to this report will be found steamships running on mail lines, it is reconimended been adopted in reference to another class of letters, an interesting communication from the Hon. OJphn A. that the ordinary rate of postage, with two cents add- after the passage of the act of March 3, .1855. The let- Dix, the present enlightened head of the Post-Office ed, (the Captain's fee,) Be charged on all letters so car- ters are now retained for the payment of the earner s at New-York. The views which he presents are the lied; iiiBtead of the ship letter rate.fee, and the parlies addressed are notified, in order results of a thorough study of the details and practical Upon all Icttcrs.to foreign countries with which W« that if they choose to do so; they may make the pay working of the carrier system, in. that city, and his have no postal arrangements, as to Mexico, Cuba, fee.,system; and while defects have existed, and still ex- ist it is believed that the result has satisfied public ex- pectation, and has been creditable to the vigilant and faithful officers who have been charged with the su- pervition of this difficult and perplexing branch of therate of three cents aa its share of the postage.principal argument which has been advanced in 'sup-which the registry system was first received.Amount of fees collected for registered letters for the..; -which the administration of such a system would in-; In a report addressed to the House of Representa-fiSSXSiT£l*$* expenditure^ up\>h the new routes orderedby Congress, an'd whicihchVav^eeb^eben^p^utt uS e l ^ S S S the last session. Thisbnt a small proportion to the heavy increase in the6 8intf?V S W ' ' « ? " " I * " * * M the previouslyear?ongTe«sbaar^^gni7eda8anece88sar^in^g^rirtolt• 1 conMrifiillt ,• *" • 8 t a t u a <>f the Department in still lar meeting thisday, licensed a pilot who had passed a^ouscje pos—talservSc*. It ee.em„s th„a„t ev„erycvouaSiduerfafuion S S K f f - E S S ? " , 5 * ^ » * « legislation ofsatisfactory examination, and refused to remit a fineuv %au VM u v J j rAll complainta made of YugMftnuiJlperwtt, All complaints madreduo-irypoeed for violation of their regulations,, .ously controverted,, vmh a view of relieving the de-Untitled Document• -J purpose is notori-a*ydegreerjustify it.^p^toliUsdffS.^SSfiexpenditure is made. This is the inexorable law oCSAMENDMENTS OF POSTAL LAWH.At the hi*t session of Congress, bills were introducedproper bere to refer to them and to recapitulate,briefly gome of the reasons submitted in support of their paw- It is proposed to fix a uniform rate of five cents forship letters, whether delivered at the port of arrival or• . •• .• .To guard against'loss to the postal revenue from the: transmit-sion of mail matter outride of the mail*i byotherDocuments accompanyingthe•cA*RIALS, wich l*i<-'i.-v ,PILOT COMMISSIOKERS.—This Board, at their reg**. j44Home" Charid Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 