 NEW YORK HERALD.4AMJBS OOBDOI ••*»»*T, EDITOR AITOcarriedOur people have already enjoyed the firstpaid more attention to the statements and ad the joint action of Urn two governments. In But this is only the beginning. Now.itseems Helper, author of the - Impending Cri_l_,''ni monitions of the HERALD, in pnwtyeerR, they the House of Commons, ea the 27th ult, Lord that two and a half milliens of dollars are employed at the time when it k alleged Out a*•rrxs K.w.*!JoVftxrr»7V.laaea XXV._MXS*MSXT THIS BV-MIKO.would have saved their money, endbeen todaymuch better satisfied with tbemaelTift than theynow are.The Sodom watoi Owm-wrr*.* ©r the Pro- municated with the American government, thatorw-ss-tACTrtxTOwao-warrorMTOC, ,-huaiOraa_ Biuu ortsaruxa,fruits ripen under its Southern sun, and theproducts of agricultural labor are developed Inendless variety. That portion of the continentlying north of the Gulf of Mexico has, for thelast two hundred years, been peopledby a hardy, thrifty and industriouspeople, composed of the Anglo-Saxon rage,intermixed with the active elements of otherraces, which a love of enterprise and progresshas brought to these shores. Under the ruleKIBLO-S fU-TU.-_JU>-W .h*QBdwa».-Coo__'an a r _ iAatrm-X"BoWERY THRATRR. R«wry.-R«aAK> _0.-BoOt-have come to our knowledge in regard to ft As regards the outcry made on the subject on the other side, we have to remark that the greater frequency of the complaints made there arises from the circumstance that for one British ship that puts into our principal ports,letter. The reader will find it in another trick upon his friends there by annoanciagWOSW.column of this day's HERALD, copied from a Boston journal.-bat he waa about to publish a preeUverj book, and received material aid from them for that purpose; but when he get to New York it seems that he pnt his wits to what he doabuea considered a more profitable account by psb- llshing the infamous "Impending Crisis," underOtITHI fWIW AJU-ti'K'SParker says "the storm of another revolutionis beginning, and that none knows when andwhere it will end"—that "on the morning of the19th of April, 1775, at daybreak, Old EnglandandNew—GreatBritainandthethirteencolo- thepatronageoftheblackrepublicanleaders-QARDSUi, Broadway, opposite BradBroadway.—ROUMBfORA TBR, roo« Tocso tUm.Or ALAO*A EERItrS THBATRI, 6M Broadway.—Ja_iria J>a_r_ *of this people the American republic has at- This picture of social life in the West is about twenty American vessels enter Liverpool.files until too late to be used for this morning's edi-tion. The telegraphic report from Bandy Hook the yoke of the mother country, and establishedding of his blood on the gallows at Charlestown. has been a considerable falling off in the sup- Such Is the historical parallel drawn by Parker.stated that the Etna had evidently been in colli-skm with something, and had lost her bowsprit,themselves as separate independent republics- Mexico, Peru, Chile, Ecuador, Bolivia, the Ar-ply of sailors from both these sources during "Red swords" are the weapons of his warfare for the pulling down of the strongholds ofTHE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE ON PRIVATKER- rsG.—A great many years ago, in good old Colony times, when the second George wai King, the Chamber of Commerce of New Yorkbat we were unable to obtain any particulars.The North Star reached this port yesterday gentine Confederation, the Oriental Republic,the last two years. Now, as the total number slavery, and he significantly hints that "theof men required for our merchant service is battle-axe," though rusted since the first revo- was established by the solid old merchants ofmorning, from Aspinwall, by way of Havana, with Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Guatemala, San Salva- the California mails, three hundred and fifty-one dor, Honduras, New Granada, Venezuela and passengeri, and some specie. She left Aspinwall Paraguay; and in the midst of this nest of repub-on the 4th and Havana on the 8th of February. lics stands one solitary nation which still re- Berioua consequences were expected to result from mains a monarchy, growing and flourishingfrom 100,000 to 150,000, some idea may beformed of the immense* number of foreignersthat annually enter it. This result is mainlyowing to the abandonment of the apprentice-ship system and the non-substitution of any sion to "the men of wrath" who are to be letthe disunion movement in New Granada. It wa9thought that a new republic would be formed bythe seceding States, as Carthagena had alreadybeen proclaimed, under s role, independent Ofthe federal authority. Good reports had been re-ceived from the Cruces gold mines, bat operationsmost be suspended in April—the rainy season. harbors, agricultural resources undeveloped, The court martial on board the United States ship rich mines unworked, and universal retrogres- Cyane had disposed of the case of Lieutenantsion. Selfish and unprincipled party leadersMorris by restoring that officer to his duty. have divided the people, and keep the countriesFrom Central America we have important news in an unceasing condition of international war-loose in "the stormy time that is before us."Thus does this apostle of the anti-slavery party at the North preach up a bloody civilwhich every American citizen should be proud, safety of their vessels and cargoes, it is scarcely January last, at the annual meeting of the Mas- a Sodom or a Gomorrah. The truth is that the to be expected that sea captains should at all sachusetts Anti-Slavery Society held in Bos- people from the country know much times be able to control their tempers with ton, Dr. John S. Rock gave utterance to the fol- more of the* wickedness of New York these unruly elements. Between insubordina- lowing sentiments:—dated St Managua, Nicaragua, on the 24th, andBan Joan del Norte on the 31st of January. ColonelGeorge F. Catty had visited Nicaragua as agentof the Anglo-American (Croskey A Co.) TransitCompany, and made new oners to the Martinez go" miserable state of affairs long existing in Mex- veminent for a concession, the road to be opened ico; and now Venezuela, which was esteemed, within six months after the paper was signed. The as it were, the New England of South company proposes to pay one hundred thousandbers and the details of trade and finance at tailp o i n t B u t w o n a v e changedIt has been reserved for these I latter days and this glorious country to pro-duce a statesman who defines the mission of u Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipo- tentiarytobenothingmorethanthatofameredollars within four months to Martinez, to pay the dition, and in all probability will before longcould not be sustained. Our people do not a vessel should always be borne In mind and tion! knew of the smothering fires that are in need only consular agent, and for the Chamber of Com-Nicaragnanportionofthedebtof thefederation— three hundred thousand dollars-—the government giving six per cent interest. They also offered to take one hundred thousand acres of land along the route, paying therefor one hundred thousand dol- lars—Commodore VanderbQt to have the route to California. A legislative committee was appointed to confer with Colonel Canty. A line of British steamers would run to Greytown, in order to catch the China and Australia trade by way of the Pa- cific. Colonel Blanco, of Costa Rica, had made a movement is favor of Mora at Guanacaate, but it was suppressed by the governmentbe given up hopelessly to the rule of the color- ed race. In the empire of Brazil, on the con- trary, surrounded by all these free nations, prosperity reigns and progress is the order of the day. The people are contented and peace- ful, and satisfied with the monarchical govern- ment under which they live. There, no daily revolution disturbs the course of things; the country is developing its resources successful- ly; but the secret is that Brazil has maintained the institution of slavery, while the republicsfrequent them, and, as a general rule, do not of one breath of pore air to fan them into a flame, and the their conduct judged In reference to their sympathy they would meet with here, they would haveknow where they are. What is done secretly responsibilities and the crews they have to leea respect for the strength of this governmentpresent moment on a mission of this kind in Europe? Where all this will end, if the revolu- tion is not speedily crushed, needs no prophet to predict and no ghost to tell.THE BEMCIA BOY ABROAD.—As our readers are very well aware, Mr. John C. Heenan, familiarly knbwn to the "governing classes" as the Benicia Boy, is now in England, bent upon a tournament with the fisticuffs champion of England, Thomas Sayres. Mr. Heenan has been received by our English cousins in the most affectionate way. He attracts as much attention as any distinguished orator—say Mr. Webster; any notorious abolitionist—say Wendell Phillips, or Garrison; or any of our wonderfully clever women writers—say Mrs.merce to have assumed the position ot a con- gress of diplomats. The Chamber of Com merce has taken up the very difficult sad deli cate question of privateering, and settled it quite to the satisfaction of the Chamber of Commerce. Some ill-natured people mar ur that the Chamber would do better to attend to its own affairs; that it is a mutual admiratioi society, and derives its chief importance ironWe have advices from Honduras dated at Belize have abolished i t Slavery in Brazil is a patri-on the 14th of January. Christmas and New Year were celebrated with great iclat—feasting, horse racing, yachting, and other amusements. The Legislative Assembly met on the 7th ultimo. Her Majesty's Superintendent's message was very short; the session would likely be also short A box with specie, from England for Belize, had been stolen on its route, and a similar one, butfilledwith shot, substituted. The fraud was not discovered until the box was opened at its destination. British barks Mercy and Mary Bibby had been condemned, and would be soon offered for sale.The members of the New York Legislature fa- vorable to a pro rata Freight bill held a caucus in Albany on Saturday. Several amendments were proposed to the present bill, and a proposition to force it to a vote in its present shape was discussed, but nothing definite was determined on.archal institution, as the slavery at the South is with us; and under it that empire has grown prosperous, and the institution itself has been made a blessing to both races, just as it has be- come in this country, where the slave popula- tion has increased from three hundred thou- sand to four millions. Slavery exists as a nor- mal condition in these tropical countries, and it cannot be abolished without producing evil results.There is a set of agitators in this country whose fanatical course is calculated to bring the United States into the same chaotic condi- tion as the unfortunate South American repub- lics, and they seem to be laboring to that end. Our Garrisons, Phillipses, Sewards, Giddingses, Hales and John Browns are aspiring to the parts of the Santa Annas, Monagases, Rosases? Miramons, Urquizas and Floreses of South America. They, too, would incite a war of races within our own, borders; and if they shouldTo-day commences the fight for the printing spoils in the House of Representatives, amount- ing, perhaps, to a million of dollars. Perhaps it may take a month yet to decide the question, for in its bearing on the republican nomina- tion for the Presidency it is of greater impor- tance than the contest for the Speakership. The republican members have held two cau- cuses. In the first, the plunder was awarded to Mitchell, the Bates candidate; in the second, by a majority of one, to Defrees, the candidate of Seward. The charges, however, brought against Defrees, of offering as a bribe to the republican leaders half the profits of the gi- gantic job, to be used for electioneering pur- poses, will more than counterpoise that single vote in the House. It will rouse the demo- cratic members to opposition, and they hold the balance of power between the belligerent parties, and may, perhaps, start a third candi- date of their own—not that they can succeed in electing their man, or that they are pre- pared to turn these spoils to good account, for they have no rival candidates, as yet, in whose intereest one faction or another might elect a printer. Had any one democratic candidate such controlling power in the House as to command all, or nearly all, the democratic votes, then there would be a bona fide fight for the spoils in his favor. But, as it is now, the democrats are all at sea. and know not what to do till the Charleston Convention. The repub- licans, on the contrary, are already marshalled for two Presidential candidatea—Seward and Bates—and fight under their two lieutenants— Weed and Blair. All that the democrats in the House can do is to worry the republicans for some time by preventing aa election, andget the chance.The convention, which we are told has beenagreed to by the two governments, is all very well, and will, no doubt, tend to mitigate the evils complained of. It will, however, fail to reach the necessity which exists for the punish- ment of infractions of discipline where the safety of a vessel depends upon its observance. Some plan by which sailors can be properly trained and educated is obviously the only effectual means ot preventing a recourse to harsh measures. The apprenticeship system, under proper conditions and restrictions, ap- pears to us best calculated to do away with the revolting practices which are common to both services. Sea captains are not necessarily tigers or devils incarnate, and if they can only get crews to work well under their orders, we have no doubt that they would be found just as placable and easy to deal with as other people.tbeu the caee waa submitted to the jury, when lix Ow. Beecher Stowe. For the moment Mr. John C adjourned. On Saturday, when the jury rendered t wHeenan has put the nose of Miss Re' diet of murder in the first degree, the pneooer reev* mond, the American lady,*a trifle off color, the announcement with the emme indilfrrenct ta_-» who couldn't get a passport from Mr. cU_racteri»ou his conduct throughout the tr—a.A report ot the proceedings of the membersof the judiciary and members of the bar atthe meeting held in this city on Saturdaylast, to express their feelings in regard to the deathof Judge Ingersoll, are given elsewhere in ourcolumns to-day. Judge Betts presided, and Mr. succeed in electing a black republican Presi- Truman Smith presented suitable resolutions, andDallas, and in reference to whose trials and tribulations the mind of the British public hath been powerfully exercised. Mr. Heenan has been feted and caressed by the nobility and gentry, as well as the oi poUoi, as the finest representative of American muscle which we have ever sent abroad. It is said by the British critics, that although he is very big, and mag- nificently proportioned, our boy is net well knitted together; but that will be shown byArrival of the Caaad* »t Boetoa. BSMoa. Feb! 12 MlThe steamship Canada, from 1-rerpooi s*th «* via Q-ec-stowa and Halifax, arrived at this port at U%t P. 11 to-day, and her mails will be despatched tba ens r tog,andwillbedueat NewYork at an early bow«| Monday morning.paid a glowing.tribute to the character of the de- ceased.The trial of Hasten, at Charlestown, Va», for hisconnection with the John Brown aflair was con-cluded on Saturday last, by the jury rendering averdict of guilty of murder in thefirstdegree. The tempt will be made to abolish slavery alto- prisoner received the verdict with the same indif- gether—a consummation which would) at onceference which ho has manifested daring the trial. Toe brig Brothers, Capt Davey, from Alexan- driaforthis,port,withacargoofcoal,wasyes- terday , when off the Highlands, run into by the R. H. Huntley, and cot through. She **««t vhree-quarters of an hour. The cap-saved, and arrived in this cityimpoverish the whole South, and break down all the commercial interests of the entire Union. Thisistheprogrammeoftherepublicanagita- tors—the followers of Seward, the endorsers of Helper's abominable doctrines, and the ap- provers of John Brown's treason.But we have a fearful warning in the fate of the South American republics.ting work with him, and stay an uncomfortably long time with the champion of Albion.Mr. Heenan seems to understand his mission, and to respect the very large and important class of persons that he represents abroad. Mr. Heenan does not talk treason in Exeter Hall,M a r k e t s .CBMISTIATJ, Feb. 11,1SWA tain andA WORD FOR THE CENTRAL P AR*.—In answer nor take abolition tea with the Duchess ofto a resolution of the Ug-dature, the Commis- sioners of the Central Park have made a veryMess pork quiet at $17 Ta. Bui* meat T), a l # Flour verv dull at $6 40. WUeat firm. Oorn 0.a_t.Mown, Feb. 11,1**. Cotton—Sales to day, &.CO0 bales: rates uac-iafMlO.^c. a 10)(c. for nuiudiing.N*sw Osxsifs, Feb. 11, MSSCtottoo—Sales to day, 12,600 bates, at uncb-eges rata Wajakey, Sic a tec Freights ef com* to Lir<*pw. »lSd. Exchange on Loadas, «\ a V1. P-ffft.of Staleafter*-.Wheat wasi ta nur mf-tag_ght W_t*BSovtbern*oiditflU,•*_*»$160,andred8ooi_*rnatSISB. Cornwasdoll__*heavy, sad a-les Uf_t at Tte. a 80c for jersey a** a ^ ^ . ** a testimonial for his services in the cause of era y«_ow, -ad 80c Sir 8rut_ern watte. Park w a s * . — ,attk moderate sales,taetoaaagsaw aaassat S U » a sisRO.UM latter ft* seed eRj, sad saw prime said at sur ^ a U l * * . Ootioaal oanaTSels aw tatssa saswmj at»*«•• were also pretty freely•ales of abiett a*-has. Ctthathe two factions of the republican party pos- waterworks, the Park is the most noble, the mostsessesmorethanordinarypoliticalinterest, praiseworthy,themostphilanthropicofourpub-becauseItisnotonlyforthefossesRionand licworks.Wehavewatcheditsprogressfromitscontrol of a vast amount of public plunder, but inception, examined the work step by step, and for the ascendency of one faction over the other, can conscientiously approve the manner inin view of the nomination to the Presidency! which it has been pt: formed. A cry has beenThe two factions are about equally divided. raised in certain quarters that the patronage inThe rival leaders. Weed and Blair, hate each the hands of the Commissioners has been used other as cordially as the rival man of business, for party purposes; but there is no sufficientRives and WendelL Weed is a Machiavellt in" evidence to sustain such a charge. It seems to politics, Blair is a Talleyrand; and thefight begenerallyconcededthattherehasbeenleuofmore direct and circumstantial than agreeable,perhaps. The Boy, as we are giad to see,declines to make a show of himself, althnujruofferedalargesumofmoneytodoso. Butw• whileSI36ati46,r<J$1-5%%\Zu,r<ruq-iwtf«£the rang* of TXcaTXcaad SSOa TOSb.rawSanaa,- OoswawasarmwRhwerefirmwtthafldr amount ofp-oaily to Rr-JShporta Shipremmftwbothforest-aal j»iiiauraaaaaatatoportswasisaucedAmoagshe•exactinworkifgitafteritishnUt*%_».„, . . o« to U m a ^ m n about 1J00 bales of cotton at 7of the representative men ana womeu whom from him the report ta made to the Survajor. * J ^to (be dipaitnx-i u a proper to *tai»vih_t a»j•• tare no> of tha night or day ouVers base repostw"', 1' n >• rut i.i it,> (apt&.a, tout-quaatiy, t"***^Zs, rrnvrp o't nf ht» r^a-tng refwr-d say on* of_h«lT_^fCertainly, the discipline preserved in every '•••o'imoBj to bis modest a .d c»ttr«»«ou-» !>•» <".<«•&, s i>i < i. \ utt.ue bet calculated l-J J*8*. ^ ;'I'-.TW !•;•••& itntf -who ve e-tmlj uc-i;-b'»* •14-4 a M*mad _ - b ~ . okUU,,*,„ « r , _ ! - S _ the be<-t (hatH-e cl' wtubing the race at Chicagodepartment oflaborupon theIVk isilaitca-Lavio-.Whetherhe thrashesS_*ersor not.!*u >l' • .' •: t col— c*«i luti Niw Yo*_. F.h. ]», isr-d.A i.f" irujv yours, _.' R BUB1,^ ^ —saw*NEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13x 18W.faThe news we published lastVenezuela, and the intelligence we give this morning from New Granada, although they may aot strike the general reader as important, pos- sess an interest and significance that should not be lost sight of at this critical period of ourAetaalfU-olatloaaaamilesof railroadsinourWesternStates,wherethere are neither cities, towns, nor settled coun-try to use them, and where, consequently, theycannot pay even their working expenses until as to the means of preventing unnecessary affair.history.to be in a state of anarchy and bloodshed.completethe Park. Itshould beworld.Gold and silver, iron and coal, copper The richest tropicalmade it memorable. Another letter from the same pen now appears on the execution of the martyr, saint and idol of the abolition party, who Mr. Parker thinks is properly put by Cheever before Moses. The second Is equallytown, as had been previously stated. But the odious character of the man Helper u still far- ther developed by the statement that when te was leaving Salisbury for New York, after making a clean breast of his previous treacheryThe whole of South America appearsThe American continent, stretching from the regions of the North Pol* to Capo Horn, embracing within IU limits various somes or belts of climate, soil and geographical aspects, produces in abundance every- thing which the wants and luxuries of man require, and of a quality mot Inferior to the products of any other portion ofwlmsssAn article from a Chicago paper, which wepower had been given to Mr. Dallas to enter Into negotiations to put an end to these atroci- ties, and that a convention was being drawn upthe globe.Its cotton is sufficient for the demand of the whole world, its sugar is superior to that of the West Indies, belter than that of India, and theMa. 43 wheat of its WesternfieldsisthefinestintheIts forests supply the finest timber,and lead, lie in its bosom.KRWBOWRRTTHRATRR,*wwary.-J_B_ BurPAKD- tainedamarvellousdevelopement Theinsti- not flattering, and shows that the West Itnotunfrequentlyhappens,too,thattheAme-* BROADWAY BOUDOIR, 444 Bfoadw*.T.-Oooo roa Rfit— inu* A a g u K i ABBYABBBB Monaarr.tution of slavery in the South, under the guid- ance and control of the white race, has been made a beneficent instrument in developing itsnies—were one nation. At sunrise they were two. The fire of the grenadiers made reconci- liation impossible, and there must be war andple of the North American Colonies, threw offthe enormous increase of our commerce, thereunder a crowned head—the empire of Brazil. What is the history of these South Americanother which could operate as a feeder for our commercial marine.We believe that, as regards both the Britishvaluable advice to General Washington or the Marquis de Lafayette, or that they told Rochambean how to sail his ships. Nor do we believe that the Chamber had much to do with the foundation of the government, or the even- that led to the second war with England. In those dsys the Chamber of Commerce was con sidered as a body organized for the specialrepublics?It presents a record of perpetual anarchy, re-volution and civil war, neglected fields, desertedfare. Every steamer which arrives brings news of a fresh revolution in some of the South American republics. We all know thep a r t i c u l a r ail that.dent in 1860, his first act will be an attackrightsupon thements and restrictions will be made upon the institution of slavery which will drive the South to exasperation, and at length an at-of the South.Encroach-In regard to the desire to suppress the atroci-ties complained of, we can claim the credit forour government of having been the first tomove in the matter. It will be seen froma letter from Mr. Dallas, written In April, his conduct in the ring. He may take hi- knit Encampme-t ot the Order, to he held at Waa-tagawtreprint in another place, gives a revolting pic-ture of the manners and morals of the people with this object in view. This communicationis stated to have been received with cheers by come to far accustomed to recording elope- the House—whether from a conviction of thein the new cities of the Westments of wives from their husbands, and viceBARROW'S AJflBlOAjr MTJ81CM, Broadway. -After resources and enriching the world with its valu- that two clergymen have been obliged to give tices prevailing in their own commercialaeuo and B»e__f—Oeroaoos.BRYANTS' MTKBTKKLS, Mas-a-tos' Hail, 47« Broad the Southern plantations almost enjoys a mo- duct; at Racine a clergyman has seduced the thus it happens that the American name isway -Buiujawj—l, Sosos, D~aca», Ac—Wa <OM» raoatas B——a. _______RUTH 8WR—f, one door east of TaanaBroatway.-Sou>_o»sNew York. Monday, February 13,1860.=We have he-yean In the employment of Mr. Michael Browi Of Salisbury, North Carolina, a merchant of known integrity and trot-fulness, and we have the assurance of the Fofckman that Mr. Brews substantiated the charge that tha faithless thong- trusted clerk robbed him of some threeexistence of the same abuses In the English versa, in the West, that such cases attract but commercial marine, or from the desire teFAVORThe common excuafj for thesepresiding over a luxurious home, descended, not with one person, but with many, to break her marriage vows. And that the case is not a singular one in that section of the country, may be gathered from the context of our Chi- cago cotemporary's rather remarkable article.Browns invasion of Virginia.itstreasonandtheintensityofitsfanaticismhave hundreddollars,and then departed from thesinks as rapidly or more so into vice and rican captains against whom charges of cruelty immorality than it progresses in population are preferred are not native born Americans, and material wealth. Within a year it seems but naturalized Englishmen. The harsh prac-Sherman, Greeley and the rest of the endorsers of that abominable and treasonable publication. Nothing can be more disgusting than the pic- separation. It is so note." He goes on to throw ture painted of Helper in the article which we transfer to our columns to-day from a journal printed at the scene of his early crimes and treacheries, and we commend it to our readers as a specimen of the kind of men the republi- cans have selected to lead them in the contest for the Presidency. They seem to have picked up all the vagabonds of all parties for theirup their churches on account of immoral con- marine they have introduced into ours, and nopoly all over the globe. Slave labor has wife of a brother in his church; two leading made to bear the odium of cruelties which arecold water on moral force, and says that whatSeward with his appeal to the higher law, andthe eloquence of Phillips and Sumner, could notaccomplish, will be brought to pass by JohnBrown, who inaugurated the true method ofabolition, when, taking his life in H* hand, hesaid, "Slavery shall go down, even if it be putdown with red swords." So that as the bloodshed bythe grenadiersin thefirstrevolution Forney,ofPennsylvania,andmanyotherrene- "made reconciliation impossible," and inevita- gade politicians from New York, We mayable products, to an extent that the cotton ofmen in Chicago have debauched their sisters- R U I i u BMst, D-scaa Bus_t3a.oss, Ac.-DogIU BSDOSD continent where the labor of the free white man in-law, and so on to the end of the disgustingWTRIO'S BAILOR. Broadway-GK>. CHBISTTI Mir- ROOM. _ _ _ _ _gradually receded from those portions of theis adapted to the climate, and has centred in those States where slave labor has been or- dained a necessity by nature.chapter. %'CrmeUleo tm thui Mtnhaat wlta Greatble. It within hasl>eencommon to the vessels of both countries.In a document recently communicated to the Senate, and which will be found elsewhere, we We allude to this Chicago contribution to have a return of the number of native bornthe erotic literature of the day aot because and naturalized sailors who have been regis- In that portion of the American continent Chicago is any worse than other places in the tered during the last twenty years. It will beagents, including Helper, of North Carolinasouth of the Gulf of Mexico we behold a sin- interior. Occurrences fresh in everybody's seen that, assuming all these to be living, they bly led to "war and separation," "it is so The steamahip Etas, from Liverpool January 28, gular contrast to this picture. There we have recollection go to prove that other places— would not constitute in the aggregate a suffi- now," in the second revolution, and war andT h e N e w s .arrived at this port last night. The Etna brings a number of distinct independent nations, popu-the details of the ne wa brought by the Canada, bat lated by the Latin race, intermixed with thefrom some unknown caase ire did aot obtain our aboriginal people, which, following the exam-Boston for example—are quite as bad, so far as cient force to man our merchant vessels, to say separation will follow from the blood shed by secret vice is concerned. And yet we find the nothing of our navy. Another' curious fact John Brown at Harper's Ferry, and the shed-have a fail list by and by of all these waifs and strays who are enlisted under the black repub- lican banner, marching to disunion, revolutios, and the overthrow of the republic.We are glad to find that the questionWe publish to-day an article from the (hwoUu the tide of emigration shall have brought peo- harshness to sailors on board American and fruits of the Park in the delightful Ramble, the Watchman, a paper published in Salisbvy, ple to use them. Hadthese foreign capitalists British ships hi about to receive a solution from free concerts, the noble drives and the skating. North Carolina, the town where the aotoriovaJohn Russell stated that, in compliance with the address of the House on the cmelties prac- tised on board American ships, he had com-robbedto Helper's vindication of himself, whiska*in the HERALD and other Kew Ywt •go, and furnishes avertof the lander whoa thr Mack republicans have thrust into the via • their foray upon the rights and interest* of the South. It appears that Helper was for threetake a fling at this country, we cannot take upon ourselves to say. It is sufficient for us thatthequestion is inprogressof satisfactory adjustment, for we believe that preventive measures are as much called for by the bar- barities practised on board British vessels as on our own. In another column will be found a communication from an American shipmasterlittle attention.misdemeanors, that they are unavoidable inanewcountryandanunsettledstate of socie-ty, where the domestic hearth is lathe draw-ing room of a hotel, will not answer in theparticular matter before us to-day. This is acase wherein a woman of mature age, refined,courteous, well educated, properly trained,surrounded with ail that makes life agreeable, on this point, which corroborates the facts that i fanatical and revolutionary with the former ta Mr, Brown, he played another deceitfuleditors and the parsons in these very placescrying out to the metropolis, "Get thee behindme, Satan, for I am holler than thou." Thefact is that there are many small cities andtowns in the interior where the per cent-age of crime is greater in proportion to thepopulation than in the metropolis, with allits foreign and floating population, to say no-thing of a notoriously scanty and inefficientpolice force. And it is likewise a fact, beyondall peradventure, that while nearly all the felo-nies committed here are done by foreigners new-ly arrived, the sinks of iniquity to which the ru-ral editors and parsons so pathetically alludeare maintained and supported by non-residents, and American services, the origin of these war. His epistles are of greater authorityprovincial journalists on a spree, country complaints • of cruel treatment is to be among the brethren than those of St. Paul. Thetraders piloted by dry goods drummers, or found in the fact that crimps are in the words of Parker and Garrison, Phillips andclergymen eager for forbidden fruit. The po- habit of shipping landsmen who have had no Seward, are "the law and the prophets" bylice rolls contain the names of some of the very experience of the sea, and who consequently, which they swear. It is in vain that Senatorshypocrites who are so loud in proclaiming the in nine cases out of ten, turn out idle and re- and Representatives in Congress gloss over thecity of New York, this grand imperial city of fractory. Responsible as they are for the creed of the party. So lately as the 27th of purpose of looking after the affairs of its menshown by this return is that, notwithstandingthan our own citizens. Without the tion and open mutiny, there are but slight bar- I would no more think of comparing Napoleon III. with Buchanan the Last than I would the Saviour with Beeise- strangers, the gambling bells, the brothels, and riers to pass, and in dealing with these cases of bub. And in caae of war between the two countries, the coloredmanwould have everything to gam b- fighun*. on the aide of France, I am certain that if foreign na-America, has fallen into a more desperate con- other disreputable bouses of the metropolis, alleged cruelty, the position of the officers ofin Chicago is repeated openly in New York bythe same persons, and we write this to holdthem, and not the citizens of New York, respon-sible for their immorality. The time for suchshamming and humbugging and double-faced full justice shall be done to both services; the blacks are reminded that they "have every- hypocrisy has gone by. Let us have no more and certainly so far as actual barbarity is con- thing to gain" by fighting on the side of the of it, but every tub fair and square on its own cerned, the balance of evidence is against the enemy. Who can say that Parker is not at thebottom. English commercial marine. There* are no THR BATTLE TO-DAT FOR THE PRINTING sailors in the world, perhaps, worse treated or SPOILS IN THE HOUSE or REPRESENTATIVES.— worse fed than the British; and there can be no more conclusive proof of the fact than that they will always ship on board American ves- sels in preference to their own, when they canself-appreciation. Wedoio: We simply call the atteatioeBRITISH CAPITALISTS AND WRSTE&N RAIL- at last giving their casting votes for the repub- interesting report as to the present oanditionofon New York, stary dajs, t% a »S t*r cent o-owat, at light X a 13-16 pet cent discount.ROADS,—Recent accounts from England inform us that Mr. Cobden, the well known free trader, has lost, through his investments in our West- ern railroads, very nearly if not all of the splendidfortunewhichthemanufacturersand merchants of that country conferred upon himfree trade.Irlican candidate whom they most desire to see the work, and the probable cost of finishing it.p_n-»m*_u, F>» t»|th*_ rkmr «rm-8eper«t»e » « i r wheat q_et ws»- Cobden's ease is not a singular one. of the English capitalists have!TO TBS CntTOB OV THB KSW VOKa *-*•* S:B—iTrirh m* te correct tbe n-port puWisae^ »J£burned Umir angora In the same fire. Theseapart, the Ben'.ca Boy. inbis way, willproduoeThctt-i+c-uu oi luuui'gmen a made by the Cn*****^ N*rbt Inspector*; eonseqnectly Mr Taera' * P P ^ _ i w-t made by Captain Ark#rm_a. The r_»s <*'_*'LJI re<)tt»Te M! delinquency* to be reported to the <"*Ph*^• " ^ a a O j caught by the bait of a high rat* ofa much more favorable impression than manyprofit, in the- J tt ^ ttwill be so desperate that perhaps, some man intheinterestofBankawillslipinbetween ib#>m, and thn* giv* »he MassachuwtU leaderpolitical jobbery aboutthls work than any other,andthat,therefore,ithasbeenmuchbetterdone.in the field.This irrepressible conflict, therefore, betweenThe report is worthy the special attention of every one who has the prosperity and glory of this imperial city at heart. Next to the Croton77c. Prov_io_s Hi—i. meae pork SIB a l l s 26- wans* unchanged. 1 M - BAUSJO-I Feb. It. 1SSJ7f<. a 72c rreviMons-..a<J)- Wh__e« urm at Jf (Ab»o coffeefirn.u><;adv-ccu.?:priwheldati»V have no doubt that now that Parliament has iSvJ s - U e__U_g« on Hew York MOtb per aalF»Untitled Documentdeal with.We are far from wishing to palliate or excusethe harshness to which seamen are often unne- cessarily subjected. We desire, however, that1858, that not only were his most anxious efforts directed to the subject, but that Mr. Buchanan before him had labored long and earnestly to bring about a convention such aa has at last been agreed to on the part of Great Britain.on tie 16th instant.on likea r t - r a wwanted togiven cheerfully. No one will object to his quota of taxation for so fine and grateful a pur- pose; and so long as the work upon the Park progresses aa steadily, and is as well and thoroughly done at at present, the Commission- ers should receive the encouragement and sup- port of the Corporation and the Legislature.REV. THEODORR PARXER"S SECONDMAMFRRTOhis employer.This article• a r e s ) Ior RE VOLITION.—Ourreaders haveINnot yet forgotten the first letter of Theo- dore Parker on hearing the news of Johnlution, has still an edge that can "bite and Cleave down the monster which hinders the progress of humanity." And he winds up by a bloodyallu-that day. No one ever ascertained precisely for what the Chamber was organized, and for a long time it never claimed any special recogni- tion at the public hands. We are not aware that the Chamber of Commerce gave any veryHere are foreign nations invited by these traitors to stir up " the smothered fires" of ser- vile insurrection in the Southern States with a view to the conquest of the whole country; andThe audacity ofSutherland We do not think he would asso-ciate for a moment with Mr. Frederick with bills of lading 1*i a » per eeai premtuarE^iDouglass; and if Lord B.ougham shouldask the Boy's opinion of any of ourpeculiar institutions, be would get a reply $1 SOa SI 60, rea $1 30 a SI S« corn ^c^>fS-___*,been opened and the Loudon ae«^o<i r_iriycommenced, Mr. Heenan's stalworth f . n m*ybe seen any fine day in Regent street,Yica-diljy, or at Hyde Park corner. And, b-aioitg*; p«p*, of tha _x.ru: jg. relative to tb* murder a Mr- w^we have sent abroad.dMtinguitht*d honor of a personal interview vi»htheBentei*Boy.andcanbearperw.n«l »r<1fr?»rri»*.«-«<n-^roif^horsbenetwithmsa^~^We have eojoyed the\its own exaltedagree in all this.of the world in general to the new and i_ portant diplomatic body which haiii from Wall street Next to the Chevalier Webbs great beefsteak discussion with Lord Palmer ston, the action of the Chamber of Commerce is the most important demonstration of American diplomacy on record. What a pity it is that Mr. Marcy is not alive to witness tk annihilation of his pet idea!(omlHiion or Ha.lctt's Tri-l-VtrdUt «• OaUtv.B_LT«O_I, Feb li.tSR The trial of Hazlett baa becu concluded. OB FrrtMevening his counsel, Mr. Green, made an ait- ilrfeicr&.-_•Soma o r M a l t a .Karros, Feb 11.1W»The Wfo-uns Lodge, I. O. 8. M . of this ptaoe, <-«* wi» pointed Hoc W. h ft-tato, W. Scau Jobosoo, Ksq . ss«| beat. George L Fried, del-gates to the Grand >'-*•*[Floor dull—Howard streot held at S6 3' ', w * " - * lThe Late Mmr-er la State Stweet. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 