rT5»"n.. -m.: ,tion the acts of sovereign States. *As the repre The witneaa said he v^hed to correct a mlsappre- eentative of a State, he hedisreputablewill moreover find favor under the Schr. Horace !•. Hunter, Great Eeg Haitwl da., 'wMk s|)ecial Increased wood.'anpronounced appropriate eulogy.Messrs, CuxTis and SBxaaAif also paid a tribute ofrespect.The customary resolutions were adopted. Adjourned.CITY INTELLIGENCE.NoTSL Spieittal Manifistatiohs at thbThlrty-seventhstreet,hended yesterday oa a charge of having stolen a gold watch worth $100, from Mr. Gardner. It Is alleged that the theft was on Sunday eveaingSchr. ThoBoas Hix, Hall, Providence 3 ds., in ballaat.SAILED—Steaaishlp De Soto, for Havana and New- Orleans.>interview wltb the Secretary of State on pointsceasing1lagemail, snap and snarl daily, either because they are,Mr. Matbbe, who Isthe successor of Mr.Sicxus la theThlrd Congressionalsame party took the ilfosrs Barset protesting as before.Mr. FultonHavre. ... Liverpool Nsw-YortFEOM :WAflHINOTON.ns lursi'i FiuT smisnoiTioii. Jvian anditSdaaaulatheaty laat tn tnm abaotala waak;HaitiB, and 41 ttoai cztafaai eaaan. Thai* ««•>45 fromfantBe eoavolsloBS. weekAldermen to $100eaeh,tn looking after the tnteiestf of Brooklyn, (or tbe reason that heit " as a totally nseleaa and wasteful regards eipen-dimre of tlie BKmey." Placed on file. The public1^ek*TBoB.l«bertTMmki itw Rollifleitioi.oil FQittTetheHewouldthen meetatoaataBzepljapnuantl>anU.,^a.s pointolaSSTand Mrs.MastMullib,amarriedwoman,residincatNo.a Comihittee of fiveH«B. Tmb FMd, iaOU», KtoetaAPriater vf'the Ho«ae."'"b*' ."• a Committee. I withdraw his objection.on a iseantiouslyred-hot stove. She was conveyed to the annualI-Bamp&hlieoftion,supported Siatoh, of the NatituU ItUdHgnctr, in adthe gentleman when Mr. Lovx-public. Abt8.—Bzbabozb'b beautiful pictme of " Bea-trice Cenci in Prison," and many other fine worksSMvatak MtheWuanratm. Moaday, Feb. 27.that paper.Mr. FAaufwoara-Nothing a newspaper can say.SBblip" Zln.srl, ^el.begin,J»n!»« «, aad formeily Secretiry of the Nationalconstituted a quesdon ofMr. JoHn CocHXA.ia said tbeuntrue,I Warn, 'Ki4.,Editor of the ChicagoFrom the Associated Press. Washihstoh, Monday, Feb. 37.ana Bt Helena Jan. s, withbtolnd.lnLceot.t DfOrom StOBHetlbenoaoawsittohf ship lht>£d?^^aa^CoBmittee, beinglaiid awom, lertlfled aa follow*FasD,was rather unexpected. AU the Repnbllcani present voted for him, together with one Soathem opposition-him Interrupted thatNotes, Esq., will deliver the second lecture offormerly a member of Ninth Ward was ar- Police,rested and gave ball, yesterday, for making an unpro-voked assault upon Officerual*Committee was organlied by a Haaa Con- at Bufalo Is 18M. It conalttad of one mam- >ar from each Northern Slate, except Maine, New- and New-Jera«y, together wHb threeShip Far Weat, Gage, Kew-Orieans Feb. 4, wuk mdaSecretary Cass has not yet completed his reply toXord JoHX RcssZLL. ity,PETITION tUPOSSIBLX.A sale of the two steamers, the lUineii andF. K.To-day, Capt. McBiAia, of the United States Navy, irtio lately returned from the African Station, had aloagteaobredW the Slave-trade controversy.iMawdmirii is drawing to a crisis, our Government Jadaslrons of being fully posted up before answering Us Lordship's note, the terms of which were not al- together pleasing to the Administration, as I haveileliiilwas formed,tionalwere misrepresented.Taylor, took place yesterday at tbe Merchants' "bark Franklia ftc,TBI MBXICAN TBIATT.It may be said that the Mexican treaty is not galn-ecutive CemmitteeSecond Ward—Jared A. Tinson. Fourth Ward- conve)anee of a good title to said shipsI^_^^_^ naTeaaaBta af Oeaaa Staanarai FOBluxora.aroundintheSenate. The and lobby dogs, greatpassedthe invalid and other pensions, and the bill for thesupDort of the Military Academy.Mr. CosKUSQ, of New-York, (Rep.,) asked, butfailed to obtain, consent to ofler a resolution instruct-ing the Committee on the Judiciary to Inquire wheth-paid by the opponents of the treaty to do so, or be- cause they are not paid by ita friends to do otherwise. tailw Moio, the Mexican Minister, is orerrim with qppUeations from the lobby for money. The Senor lepUes that he has no money to expend in the matter, and la not atrthorlzedby bis Government to do any tting of the kind.iBCinaatlons have been thrown out In various vaarters, that Influences brought to bear in favor ofarose on a resolutian to send to a delegates:Baptlsto,tta treaty corrupt—that bogus claimants yare..CHARLESTON,Capt. Hurray, from New-York, arrived here at 8 o'clock: Sunday morning.against Meylpo .a^a moving heaven and earth, &c., <Scc.of New-set whether the same hasMar. 28....New-Tork Liverpool.Ifea tnAon the presentof the condition$25,000,around"—can be raised in support of the treatynotparts;and that there also t>« printed 5,000 extracopiese.is a Southern who never ladv,two ho« ever, can gentlemen,somecarifo.ship Isabella,dee. Alrnccabah—brig, from Cienfuegos finchancesOn the other hand, the olemenls of opposition tonot to reduce the number of but only largely volumes,Northern Light. ...Mar. 5. ...New-York roa TUE MSniTXEBAirsAK.AspmwtU Gibr'tr.ic.U inches per hour.solelyhavingappealsto the of liberalityand othert « rcpienntinqT^irlcty of personal inter-information,nearly thitty-nlno thousandDIaappeairuee. FEOM COSSECTICCT MISSING.Fendicheag. fbr.VaraelUes.eMx, and playing into eai:l.A GENTLXUANTl:e New-Haven Journal ofward Aluneviller. Benj. F. Forder. Andrew Christie, 87 ds. out. Jan. 1. lat>22 30 3., Ion INw.on its owamerits.recently died, shethe residents of New-Vork to aid her in her laudabledoUars. tho new of the Revolution. Byttie treaty are far morefacUoM, SllibuBters, Black Republicans, pirtntinsto exclude the dry statistics. Instead of sendiug outthree or foar volumes as heretofore, one of four or endeavor to educate her <'hiidren. She will, by tbe cash at the bid. five hundred pages will afford all the really valuable request of many of her Northern friends, recite theRobertLoaeMar. l....yetr-YorkSpoken^ signalized. Feb 12, ol! Cape Antonio.Uoesomemoney withday have«l6o a great advantt-ge in anothersixteenthousanddollarswouldbesaved. This is the Senate's plan, which hasworkod so well that that body has reaffirmed K. In reply to alias following account of tbe disappearance of Hon. S.John Carter, J, Conner.Jaa.Mongun.The Noitbon Senators,respecfprln-.ipally Republicans. lucstlon satJ he understood that under the law Soqjety,D.C:ly weekago,andhasnotsiiice beenheardof.MINI ATT EE ALMAXAO—TBIB CAT.Countess—Br. bark, offrom ftr Singaporewith whom•55 ds.called before the Ck>m-The election of ez-Lieut.-Gov. of Ohio the Usose—Cuansa series before the law students, at No. 37 Lafayette- place, this evening. Subject—" Crialoal Jurlspru-ship liaaatiarTvui^ri^ Abbxsted. Adax HAupt, 32 30, Ion. S7 30 exchanged signals wltb a barki^^^active. AgenU of the Church,the:'.-them who has«ver boenin thatUs language, or can even pronounce the nameWm.;21, Ion. 81 30.FareitB Parts.Ponce, P. R., Feb, 9, barks MouMuna, HamaioBd.Isaac agues, P. ft., lor New-York neit day,prehends tke resources of the country, itsappohifed <«r the inauguration of the statueOfprivileged questloA.BrownneTreasurer—Wheatley;&c., Hare is a field, rank in ignorance, doubt and•.bhipCrockett, Burgess,, which the opponents of the"e. Those Senators, so desirous ofday afternoon, -ith- box on the lamp-poet,'he AdmlnistraUoa butobtalniag letter and. a newspaper by merely Utrustingb^ Informinggoing;costo. Haines, Means, wtg. cargo: (5. Ocean:The NationalMr. Stajitob, of here Ohio, (Rep.,)a white flag, with black letter M. infiv at the main.thecaM 'Hvu, aad 6io. W. Solh, of Chicago, who conatl-tatMl tta Exae«tiT» Board, meeting every day Wmioit. With tho exceptions of the above-namedex-Sergeant-at-Arms GiosBaxHasa received the votes of all the Democrats present.The Senate, in Executive session to-day, finally dis- posed of the Commerce and Amity treaty with Para- guay, by ratifying it. The Mexican treaty was thenlery. Theexhibitionisfree.doing any business, lutil Monday evening nextbeeninvitedtobecomethe oftChiencSiencnoantid, pastor Pres-byterlan church in this city.City Coubt.—Calendar for this day.—Nos. 67,24, 44, 69, 70, 50, 52, 57, 58, 59, 60, A3, 65, 66, 18, 22, 26, 32, 5.Iran Warehoaae and Elevatar Campaay. For tke Joumai of Commxree.Bark Casoo, McBean, Trinidad de Caba>ds.,«ttk snaar and molasses to George 6. Stopbeosoa.Means, (of Sedgwiek.) Wells, Oieataagaa F<%.itr fta tnaaaettom of baalnesa.diabnned In aU, about $iao,O0O>barks E. Wrtght Jr., Cordelia, aadThe Committeepersonal privilege. It is said Iollier's hands, arid Uhjv whict to carry on the work-—Natural History met last evening, at the rooms of theCcmte Roger—Fr. bark, from Havre ^ for Tfaranb*"'ds. out. had heavy weather in the ChanneL Jan. ss. lat. 2 20 N.. Ion. 38 46 W.tliefateofthe4ure totally igawant of Mexico. There is not one ofgeogranhl- ,«alpeculiadties, people, the'trewyisthe peculliu-ities of theRaymond, for do.. Idg.;'-»"«SjTM?,"2".Batmre of the struggle now going on, toe <he two parties, their relative streagth,on and from Maodies, was detected yester- York, put up at the Metro-De St Co.As this cor-Further considtraUon of the subject was postponed until Wednesday, a week hence.The Senate went into executive session, and took up the bill granting increased pay to officers of the Kai-y, and without action upon it, adioumed.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. Washihotos, Monday, Feb. 27.thislowing written prEighlSBd Ll|rt>t,shlpsIsKtr.supposed to rest aauntry, who speaksHeU Gate. MARINE INTELUGENCE.NEW-TORE.... Cleared!principlesoflUineJs. (Rep.,) Interruptinjf, s"a"i"d """""P""*'proving every a scheme for the aggranV'oc..^succeeded inher that he was thenThe proprietors of the(Br.,) Perry, Hull, Thos. JamesL^ric-unrngius'.nt of a purlous theremayheofglorymasettiememoftheconient.•Brig Storm King. Perry, Charleston, J. Smith k Co;gS;hardly escape invidiousBamak Mar.s(Tew-YoritWas. fc vja.ompanying documents com onesolitaryclaimantagainstMexicocanbefound of,saidmessageandacc^i*etl»aly urging the treaty. There probably never plete.Mr. GuBLxr sa'd these resoludons are an innova-A casebut trustee might, by com-ilvaince, change tie terms of vox OALIFoainA.tke«ta anktMkKimyaalf, aa eae sf •• af Aa Ooaamlttaa, that aaie explaoatlsa be'nM Bpeakar ranaifced that (Metal necessary.booklyh•laaa maaatilMktary-;nrrauosHMOB. ConiciL.—At the meetin of the Com-ettny; fta"Inijittallileconflict loaderwouldhave Jl^JS"'"'^.P''**""»"fnteaalaiSerwhich Itls eadravorsd toof IS5» there were 372Expngiys Bxpibiincx.—On Sunday erening latioBWelghU and Measures la the GAvasa, deceasedl^SM'Mt deap, akd ^nmned'ika boweUdaatka tram eoasoBDUaa, M tvm aeallait irrar,Comitmen CouBcU lastof ef tho Indian Ua CaUaet, and looked lato mattan gen-Inflaasmatioa of the loaga, and M During tlM roriaapendtogCommittee. He also asked for money and clothing,as he was organising a military force to repel theBorder RnSan Invaalons of Kansas. The petitionvaa debated by the Committee at considerableIwgth, ud was warmly oppoaed. Finally, themm wen roted back to the Massachusetts Com-Biltaa, at the urgent request of the representatlreal tkat orgaalxatlon. The Committee, however,TOted Baoire twelve boxes of clothing, which witnessMived to his order at Nebraska City in March, 1857. ing the organization of the Territory of Arisona. Re- Mr. FAasBWoaTH—I object—access, either for canal boats or for our largest stdps.Blows then left New-York for Boston, and witness 'layer nwhim afterwards. The Committee had pre- 'Viaasly given Saowa, at Chicago, tl50, and sent himferred to the Committee on Territories.Mr. SswARn, of New-fork, (lUp.,) presented peti-Mr. Fabhbwoeth—I rise to a question of order.Feb. 17, with hides, tobacco, Ac, to Gelpre"ef-c's^. K'*e*^~"e'n~ A ReicheJtmade <kaMr. LoTBiOT TsMr. peatadmm UaeoartfyOMi Toity yean*on PROCEEDINGS OFofandwhat under right,mitteeForeignRelations.statingquestionorder,bydeep,goodBrig William Wilson, Van Namee, Ciodad B«nvmr 'Nov. 6, and the Biver llth, with hides, Ac, to Eaibeet:Mr.titioo in favor of the Homestead bill.preliminarythe deadpreventSchr. 'Whirlwind, Maxcy, Tonala, Mez.. MBmoHAH,ofMichigan, (Rep.,) presented a pe-daylight yesterday morningas., vteMr. of CoiXAMiB,ized to withdraw the name of Mr. Dxraxis. Tbe House voted.Wholenumberof votes.l97;Mr. Winton 2 Necessary to a choice.. 94 Mr. Seaton 1461 Mr, Delrees 2 31 Mr.Coombs I 65'Mr. Hoiioway 1until an extensive recently,the exclusive benefit of the Brooklyn and Staten Island.for New-York,to Traak A Dearborn. Has experienced rtiw h«r« weather, with violent gales.Schr. F. H. Abbott, Bmith, Indlanola 8 ds., via Vev- port 1 day. with cotton, Ac, to MeniUAAbbotL Sm experienced heavy weather on the passage.Snaaas,) who had been surprised that the arms propriate place to call In question the acts of the unsuccessful, the plurality shall elect-were not sent straight through to Kansas.Senator Hasok asked the witness how he knew any;confederate States. If redress could not be obtained here, the States would be thrown upon their own re- sources. Hebadnotarraignedthedomesticinstitu- tionsorinternalalTairsofThe Speaker replied in the negative.Mr. Fashswobth moved that the subject be post-against108. Severalinefi[ectualmotionsweremadetopostponeuntil Monday, Wednesday and Friday, and to ad-after a fierce struggle.CHABOED WITH PEBJTJET.posit of some of the leading productions of our coun- try was esteemed a l>etter collateral security upon aSchr. M. C. Rowe, Tborstmi, Fortune Bay* K. 8»9l ds., with fish to order.IMaraboutSnixn'testimony.The witnesa replied that he read it in the newa- arraigned them for infidelity to the Constitu-Onthe25thoflastNovemberawarrantwasissued loan,thanalmostanythingelse.to suSgcahrr.Sturgespapert.BenatOT IvnsoH asked the witness If he had notevery con-out. He journ.Hoagland,provision broker,ofBaltiho&i. Saturday, Feb. 25, 1660. ton and riee to McCreiwly, Mott A Co.ds.^with llnifiiiilbeea long enough in newspaper life to know that a great deal of irresponsible, untruthful stufl' got Into print.beingofThe Police were unable toSniGEX & Co. ». Wu. H. T. G. A A. L. Kowe.Iowa, and he would show that he was wrong. The excuse given was, that the Fugitive Slave Law was no law. There must be an arbiter somewhere in the case of IB Kansaa had ceased for that season, and it waa this conflict. If the caimon is the only arbiter, the sooner we know it the better. The Senator from Wisconsin had defended the action of his State. Now Wisconsin had not only set aside a decree of theoysters.Witness proceeded to state that the' rifles were de- tained in Iowa because the Border Ruffian invasionvarious alleged improvements in sewing-machines, was decided this morning, on ail the six issues, in favor of the defendants, LAnn, Webstse & Co. The eminent counsel for the plaintiffs were J. H. B. La- TRORE and \V, J, O'Briejt. and for the defendant Wa.appre- and Bmia.—Trilnme CAdreraMBaat]Hchr. S. A. Smith, Smith, Klizsbethport, soal, for^—Scbr. Cherub, Baker. PortlsLd. He., 7 ds., heading.Schr. C. A. 4Stetson. Rich, Provincetown da., fish.Scbr. Maryland, Cathcart. SaUimors 4 w]Ui coal. ds.,deemed unvrtse to scatter arms in irresponsible hands ttrotighout the Territory, where they could not be natbed in a time df real danger. The Committee daelrted that the testimony waa not proper to go onsacotd.*'Witness had learned, from time to time, of Baows's being in Chicago since January, 1857, but never saw Um since that date.CABS or TRX BaBK AOBIATIC.Tke case of the bark Adriatic Is now under dlscus-aCibcb Spike, of the Fourteenth District of Ohio. He merly employed as a valet' by Mr. Symmes Gardner, Whitiko, W. a. C. WAsaBURB, and Messrs. Bbowh Scbr. Antares,Cordery, Phi'adelphia 3 ds., witheoal.atoa in the House Committeeman Foreign Affairs, and vision of the Constitution. Mr. TooaBsbaker, residing atsupported numberless disagreeable and mischievous triclis No. 13 Essex-street was committed for trial yester- London Curs Sai^i.—This unrivaled Sauce,By Telearapli.HIGHLANDS, Feb. 27, sunset—One brig saasinir thation, which they were bound byais charged by Mr. George Cone, of Scranton, Pa., with having sworn falsely in a cause which was triedIjBforewith eoi-aeitnalntaaufroaadeatlui,anddaringOat^f1358, EaataiB Dlstiiet, wee PaieioxoMalned knowledgetheai«a»yeo<iXtrye<mldglT«hlm.takd tm as-evial footing with his Southern cootam-Thereturned, without hisaaiaamahlpABgasta WOoO^pcnilea, ao &r as the Hezlsan question aaur HXW8.ntW to Bfcke objectionwhere eensue has beenAgeneralCourtMartial,consistingMajors Sedgwick and Macrae, CaptainsLyon and Davis, and Lleuts. OUs, 8U1 and Mclntyro, with Lt. Bassou as Judge Advocate, is ordered to con- veneat Fort Leavenworth, on March 5, for tho trial—men the total amount of bills certified durhig the year is overbcare and wasdiowned. IheP «"aaStw-Trnk TimM.jMEi-uani'B vuxt nrmnaAnin} oomnnii. days, granted to Capt. Sroasia, Is extended two The extract wasemployedCalcutta, io. pawed Cape of Good HopeIOct.of Lieut.G. D. BJOXT. Leave of absence for sixtyhard to throw so men out of manystreet D«utecbh Reformed Chn,rh.for Rev. Dr.Scoitn^DEax's Chunih,fore^ce^d'-v^Vrhi:? t ^^^..^r^ilAr^tjL'r^lerlgi^'^lt..rS^n^^'^J^i^^^^ 30 to Ion. '.O. Feh.lB. hada,eve.ehn,?L»»-.-,-« ilmonths, and leave of absence to Lieut. Lashu has tberettimof the Seventh^D, and will proceed to join his proper Company ator maglignant sore throat, and upon anatomy, physi- ology, and kindred tonics. The lecture was listenedFort Clark, Texas.Q.ist,—namely, Mr. AsBasaoB, ofandKentucky.Mr. Davis. misstatemenls. He waswUiiagto take care of turn- decce In America before the Revolution." 'These Precinct while he wasd(,In ballast, toBdas.r.k ordei;.Magdalena, Day, AspinwaOMaryland, voted forSoulbem opposi-of theBau, while others of that organisationhoped reply,EtaaaiBaa,17U witbadia.Mr. AnBAiir, an and-Lecompton Democrat, voted forlege.Mr. Adbaik Have I not a right to be heard?k)Mitt*ntl*,OM waa expended la the pur--fiMV "I *naa. Condderable quantltlea of arnu were<faMi«(«i oontrlbQtioDa frmn ftnt hands. Witnen read, but a general discussion of its merits was not general.explainingauthoritatively-intaawBaova In Auguat, 1896. Sabseqnently, he;commenced.Among tbe memorials presented In the Senate to-Mr. CoCBaA.vs appealed from the decision of the Chair.This company will soon commence the erectionof their warehouses and piers, and other requisite ap- Cienfoegca for New-YorkMarme and Alraeatak,botla do. for Hew-•awUmthree timeaMr. Coxxuso moved to lay the Carried.appealon the table.pendages for tbe and care of and other storage grainmerchandise, upon their grounds, midway between the Atlantic Dock and Souih Ferry; Brooklyn.from do. for Boston York.;schr.;Ossiuia, Carman,the last time at the general Marling of the National Kanaaa Committee, at theday,was one from Sahcil F. that Dn.iLAP, claimingGbacx Heinak, employed as cook in the family ofRev.J.C.Smith,RectoroftheChurchoftheAs-Bug Monte Cristo. Northrop, Ri'*o* J'a'^neiro B master. Hasbeen20ds.fromthe Hittsras.ir**h This Is a very convenient locality, t)eing directly beaiyW. and ti.W.gtlet. Lost two mai^Mils aad •Nicaragua had given to him and Company the ex.Aator Bocae, In New-York, in January, 1857. Baowif elusive right to navigate by steam all the waters of ceedings, wanted to know whether It would be In or-the case of the Seventh Regimentlttea,then stored at Tabor, Iowa; originally por- cutive has. for the last five years, entirely overlooked iir. BoRSxrr wished to Know by what right theahaaeil and forwaided by the Haasacbusetts State their right The memorial was referred to the Com- Speaker had taxen the floor from nim while he wasda.', t«SENATE.WABBrxaTOK, Monday, Feb. 27.of a severeMr. Davis, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) presented a memorial from the Legislature of New-Mexico, ask-I move that the gentleman from New-C. DnnaeL Baa Left noMr. Baxx—I call tbe gentleman to order. 1«aaty-five navy revolvers, but the latter never tions praying for pensions to soldiers of the war of Mr. CAaiia. of New York, (Dem.,) wanted his res-A portion of these bins are constructed with a view of passing through quickly, and cooling and renovat-Brig Charles Adams, (Br.,) Peterson, St DoafaMS City Jan. 31, with mahogany, biles, Ac, to J, S. Wkl^'eaehed him. The witness also presented his two 1812.on itMr. BcasiTT—That resolution has gone into thewoman's statement, and a verdict that the infant was ers conveniently adjusted for mnBing the grain fromam, Watsos and Ovsc, one rifle each, and bought km a small amount of much-needed clothing. This eoaaprises the sum total of the Committee's transac- Uam with Bsowir. The Committee went out of exis- ISBca in March, 1857. Bxoint never told witness of mcf plans outside of Kansas. He never told any mem- tar oftke Committee in presence of witness. Witness %•! leqnatnted wltb Jsaa E. Cooi, Richaxs Raur ad Jjjos RxBpaiB. Had seen none of them since 18S7. They never told witness anything about Har-Mr. Hals, of New-Hampshire, (Rep.,) presented the memorial of FaAsx SASsoas, protesting against the order for his arrest, and asking that it be re- scinded.still-born was elevator to each given. Geace states that while living tbeand a Brig Sitka, (of East Macbiaa.) Steel. AttakuaaUda.. suitable opening at with sugar and molasses to F. Talbot k Colintroduced a resolution that the Committee on Post-ofGcea andllqubr dealer in Dublin, Ireland, was found in the area of the new building in process of erection at the comer of Whitehall andpatentPost Roads into the inquireOther commodious stores wlU be erected upon theincluding one or more warehouses upon anGrnopurnodvse,d plan, for storing sugar, which article is be-coming one ofgreat Importance to the commerce ofNew-'iork. The Company, starting with a paid udcapital of $300,000, with tbe privilege of increasmg itto a million, will be organized with a power and in.fiuence that will enable them to issue such perfectlyreliable or transferable warrants for or receipts grainother merchandise stored with them, as will enablefacilitate tbe movements of and coal. greatly commerce,flexibility and ease m our money market which the be a desperate ruffian, and his arrest was only secured cure. During the money crisis of 1857, a reliable de-The resolution was23 ds.. with cotton, Ac, to master.Schr. Ella Cannon, Brewster. £>eipsicI>eL,3d8« wittecom to B.N. Fox.Schr. Only Son, Smith, Great Egg Harker 1 da., wlUtraise money upon them from anyCharles Geher, a German baker, was arrested at a These warrants will (as they have in England) Schr. Lydia Ella, Allen, Little Egg Harbor 3 da., vikVefmont, (Rep.,)expediency of having let- ters which may remain In any Post-office imdellveredPeari-sueetCoroner Ecbikmxb held theinquestHper's Fmy, or any of Baown's plans. They never for thirty days returned to their writers,alluded to any designs against Slavery, except in Mr. CoLLAHiB advocated the resoludou as necessa-F'r*T. to the Committee.' In short, the witness ry to relieve the dead-letter oflice of the immense The HcNse again voted.Police Reporta.AN OUTEAQEOCS HIGEWAT BOBBEBY.ofSchr. Dorado, (of Beverly,) Hipaoa, St. Ksltla, B. T~>kaew nothing whatever about the subject of the Sen- ate investigation. Witness was proceeding to ex- plain why the two hundred Sharp'a rifles were de- taiaed at Tabor, Iowa, instead of being forwarded to KMsaa.'amount of matter thrown upon it.adopted.Mr. WiLsOR, of Massachusetts, (Rep.,) gave noticeof a bill to reduce the rates now paid lor the public printing twenty-five per cent.ofvotes.l97|Mr.Ball 8Ludlow-street was passing through Houston- street at an early hourMr. Bbcwk'b resolution waa takenThe Committee decided that the testimony was ToovBs, of Georgia, (Dem.,) spoke. It bad beeu Mr. Glossbrenner 74|Scattertng 3havingpocketsand Mr.Irrelevant. asserted that he had no right to call in ques Mr. Ford 88lwith glass.sovereign thought heaaimi which perplexed the former witness, (,Mr. luid the right, and that this was the peculiarly ap-Schr. Jesse WiUiams, Jr., Winsmre, PhUaddiUaSsideration of good faith tohad charged certain States withfaithful to their compact, and of having made a su-t'nited Slates Court, but had nullified a.of Tho provision of the Consti- tution in regard to the rendition of fugitives fromthe Consfltutlon itself.lai>or was cavil. These was plain, beyondperpefratedbehold;no analogy between tbe action of the Supreme Court of Wisconsin and that of Georgia, quoted by the Sena- tor from Wisconsin. He had arraigned that State not on tbe ground that she had no right to decide upon the constitutionality of a United States law, but on the ground that she had violated the plainest pro-haviiig goaeto tke of the house in com- upper partup,Necessary toabout succeeded $5,anyState. Hehadonlyby Justice Cohsollt for the apprehension efAmosto Dayton A Sprague.Schr. Borth Stato, Hortoa. Charleston 1un- law of the land of no effect. Noae of them§reneimed these the Senator from charges exceptSchr. Areola. Corson. Virginia,withcarryThe House again votedWholenumberof votes.IS5|Mr. Seaton 18 Necessary to a choice.. 93 Mr. Ball 2 Thomas H. Ford 93|Mr.Wlndom 1 Mr. Glossbrenner 711The declared Mr. Ford elected. SpeakerPrevi<ms to the announcement of the result several votes were changed to Mr. Ford. This, as the con- test was close, excited much interest.Schr. Honduras. Baker. Boston 4 The great sewing-machine patent case of L M. ds.,VanVUet,^r. FAaaswoETB, offrom the Illinois, (Rep.,) objectedto theSea. James ammtm* m eather.provision/»^ lftq>^1gwtil^t«m^ Mmakm, /rti#ir"iy »*«»•\ and paasaaiezs ttB. B. Ofoaweli k Oa.Ifc» Hirpei'i Ferry Committee had anothermMttatc to-day, and farthe fiiat time eUcltad anytblng First Artillery is relieved from duty with Company they l>elng victims of false pretenses, and in wnlch ing at Hope Chapel, upon the Object of diphtheria,«flllaiMt,«dtUa>atdlieetl7 connected wltb Joair .||V««t tevMloB of Tbglala.church edifice for this Society, is being rap- idly subscribed. At a recent meeting thirty to fifty to by a small audience, wltn atteation, and with some persons present subscribed $32,000. The whole willRegiment and tbe alleged been extended one month. Lieut. Ramsat, of the shabby treatment tbe; hao received at WashingtonNearly allt tbhe crew .sretta result 'wiU likely be a re^lution denying that his arguments by copious citations from legal author- " day by Justice CoMieoitv, having pleaded guilty to ' Tiaaee, by her local laws, takes jurisdiction over ities. In the course of his reinarivS he said It was use- which have been charged to the agency of the spir- stealing a quantity of clothing, valued in themanufactured by Paexul Beos., London, can t>e ob-tained of their agent \n this City, A. J. Pabxxe, No. Highlands. Wind light S. W. Weather has;.open seas, and the President will be directed to de- -aaadofflie French Govenunent full indemnity forthey trampled the Union under foot. Bad men in all ages had criedits,"15 Beekman-street This article is superior to thefor Havana and New-Orleat Soto, 8, crossed tbe Bar at 1.30;less to pceana to the Union while singto record one instance where have taken a aggre- they gate at HO 36, from Henry Noll, his intimate friendIsANOT HOOK, Feb. 27, sunset—Tbe steamer Detherefrom. Hereviewedatlengthandthe acts of the Georgia Courts. The Courtsof Wisconsin had asserted the supremacy of whose 'Msms" well summon yesteidsy,Court had notdevelopedmother has left her alone in a roomcessible from without, and, on returning, has foundeither a beautiful bou.iuet on the table, or a Canaryoird fluttering around the room—hoth supposed tohavebeenbroughttherebyspirithands. Inthiswayany number of garlands, and three melodious song-sters have been received. The matter affords an tm- Exchange. Mr. MATHawi, the former auctioneer, Cast for Boston, by Railroad Sii A. H. and 2 P. M.Johns, N. B.lat.2Ist, spoke, 36,onwestenedgea.over the State Courts.Court said new doctrine in American jurisprudence.;the Golf Stream, bark Jubilee, fromNine of tlie JudgesThe Housethe bill forEleventhWard—JohnR. Liver- First Ward—Wm. F. Jackson. Some discussioaof Columbiawhat, prac- We learn that Messrs. Matukr a CaAiogone he was prepared to pay the cash before 3 P. M.hm- Atr4eacording to announcement, but before any one except Bremen" America Jack Robinson," the ves- VanderbiltMar. U....Ifew-To'kand cargo, a large amount of which will be lared.—<Bj> telegraph to Elwood Walter, Esq., Secretary of Boaril of Underwriters )SAVANNAH, Feb.I7—The scrow-steamshlpMontgeai- er.v. of irumwells line, from New York, arrived yes- teril>y.:iiith,st3P. II.SA\ aNKah. Feb. 26—The steamship Florida antv-;and whether and if so any,haveon ta Washington In defence of the Public Stose contract In this City, attacked in the resolutions pre: sented by Hon. T. J. Barr last Friday in the House ofLiverpool. New-York Bremen.Boston Liverpool .New-York Havre.tical legislation isfree peisons in said District.On motion of Mr.resolution was adoptedto secure theofMar. 17 Mar. 21 Mar. 24.supremacyapparentlyInac-COUUODOBX VAKDEKBILT — TBE FUBCBASEB COH-"-»»-'**ter Boatthis was a The action of the Wisconsin Courts stood in its naked deform-w ithout a in to Mr. he parallel, reply Hais, saidSupremeDepartare af Dameatle Korth—Albany, Buffalo and CanadasIIalls<Ion.Arr.. bark Wheatland, from Bio Janeiro, on Jal. 13.When Sdsys out she aleak. sprunkArr., brig Fairfax, Travera, fifteen days from TrinidaiCtbe ordinance of 1787, passed before this GovernmentMotttstatedthetermsofsaleube cashbefore3o'clock-SH3><P. X.to the Capes. Left on the 7th inst Boston.andauthority. The opinions of Ue early fatherstherefore rested upon no constita-necessaryrightothe ouctioneer could saysel was knocked off to C. Vakdxebelt for $25,000. The AsiaFxHion, callingYork, (Rep.,) aklar.3l... .New-York FBOMiuaopa.It, vtery Utile active influence of any sort in ^Jisor 01 file treaty can be discovered In Washington. •AU tke active influence visible is on the part of Mr.Mclitga, and four or five parties directly interested tm commerce and mining In Mexico—parties who re-present perfectly legitimate interests, and preciselyjhat spirit of enterprise which has made our countrywhat It is. Tbes« tatter parties pay their own ex- ed for ll'e use of the House, 25,ooti extr;i copies of Mrs. I!l; .VT'd Readi.xcs. Tliis lady willpenses. Not one dollar outside of tiusreports proper of the Heads of Departni'ints and (Chiefs ofself offered tor the s.ime \e^.->ei>. just one week ago.It is not to be presumed that any had understandingbeen had by Mr. Ronxa-.s and Mr. VASDxaBiLT. "TheCircassian .Mar. 3.Oalway ..Havre.New-York .Hev-Tork:not enough, asof i.erbeautiful entertainments.started off oo one side and Lewis,Interior to report to the House theof the Trust lands west of the—Qlat,)t'iw -^cb. Liverpool Yorkfor the New-York Indiana;;general fashion ofSteamshipnl at Tybt c at IAU well.been brought iato market as a part of the public do-RdREKTs icled as and trustee for other parties agent..I-'cb.'i-'-—Few-main, and if soMr. GuELiT, of Ohio. (Rep.,) from the Committeehe Is a with Mr.as auclione*-T, lie aris tor V-vndcrdilt, AnstraJAsianwhatby authority..America— .Feb.KHaeellanoeaa.stesm frigate frcm Fensacola is at aadar illon Printing, reported a resolution that there be print-he refuses tlieeliaiiyefi ijie lern'S of sale and I.n<Htks down the shipsWorth AmericanCity of Baltimore Feb. » ..Liverpool. .New-Yor*give—aJjQbby.meaiber remarked, "to pay for drinks all Bureaus cpimectcd therewith, omitting the statistical Chapel tills evening, and It is expected that her— roa TBS WEST IKnZEB.bjr plank U she b'es on her tieam euda. Capt of the steamer I'ncle Ben. is stripping her.the President's annual message, with theIn Chesapeake Bay. is going to piicesto exercise her talents for awas a, matter of such magnitude left to take its tion on former practice. The Committee propose her husband (who was a Lieutenant in our Navy)& suspi-Pierce, for do..Quickstep, Bush, from Bostonwt«^ for Bt Kits, put In foeDemocracy and the exIoLion Mr. LoTijor—lobjtct gues'ionofprivilege.J^a^'w^b^ I^^Pedro, Swift, IbrBoatoaIuntila ^!!h '"'"^"'"akeai»L" ^JJ^''^~'^\' revolution Is not in the House.from thepreseat, and to-morrowfore the United Sutes Commissioner.FiBE IK CAjrAL-BTBBBT.—At an earlyj-"•'^- -"Yt iTia'eJa*bd home l»-k Hasard, ft>r theCoast of Africa. „,.,,."—houryes-gentlemancalled several tloMs to see idm during theAtP?rtaa^IaKTFJb.' 17. Brem. brig Port-aa-PI»«.Republican" "•"' •« •*'«. «»iaU<m.'"^"*"~'*"'"°personal eiplana-but did notmorning, keep the engagement and tbel«n.DemiU4 Co.': without being able to.338•*—t claim to be heard as a matter of bly damaged fire and water. Mia. L. Pibtiabto, of bills receipjtble, which he had collected. It 13 sup- bteamship Columbia, Berry, Charleston 49 hours, withajl^i^!-T overmuchgoodsPe'i'.Sifli'm'u?''* and demaads. Ifwith yourbyNo. 336, lost $l,5(X) worth of ladles' furnishinghe had with himthat $000in which wouid cash,most, and to^A,*St?Mfena, 3d».^Caitler-nbbedMr.Mr Lovajbr anin o^Jeeted.i»r!i..,iAkD'RVi."ni^i*'i'^l' t"i"^"^ j^ ^hja,ve been personally at-Caxnt'f resolution, and It la due toreal estate worth •SO.OCO to $20inclined impartuiJan. bark Gallego, for Bo'""'" •» 8,adailnUtratlonHigbee, Savannah, ArrlTed.judite of toglv^ itaoorrespoS-Canai'Street, and the in them, were considera- radlse found, with his aocount-book and about $10,000Capt Farragut. passengers Spofford, Tileston A vJo. Feb.^tt Ur, fi,,,Irise to aof pe'^onalseveralMafetta^keeoraer "fo arfant siso tor a 'iSdwIrMr. MOR.tioita gaoattat generally^ , toak a good look ttis a prominent man in both Norfalk,They were all (nfriends are extremely aoxlofls on acconst ot his lapg«• Jootheast OaU»ainverquestioninJames Latscce, In No. 334, lost about $JflO worth of fancy goods, and WiiLiAii Goooiiis, in No. S38, lostposed beEufficiim:Missouri,apartand a free talkliciaus had with Secretary Coos last Tuesday is ru- mored to have done much towards the"Anglo-Saxon Commodores." Mr. AfricaLiverpool Portlan-t.Secretaryexplainedment over stmdry manifestations reported to have occurred In the family of an editor,MllBoBs of bottles are now used every year laon a of waitingUs oMaeOM.HoDSTM^r Alabaaa, (DaiL>—Tbe geatl'maoIn-benetetal to himself and pnmagate throagb this Hoase, outten aadiiaaseBRrstoarL.lbtdOIfeaon.Jan.*k aaaasd Oa«e<<«Md^•everal alls. Baw la Ike Caaa eo. offloss of topmaat yards, and other daMagatbe cenUemaB faun EaohLHavel in Europe and slttoer U in (Lovajov.) tbougliMayor appolnUsgapproval, the reso-'U ooncemod. of CoL Miles,!which pomt experieteed eoestaat arenai'lT~aCries of Older..Jk'^^VE*~!P"'. gwnimnan from IMao's ha< no6 Albany 'Street was kumed on her seriouslyproceedtoHbaayaad expend"Lv^appealplaced New-YorkHospitalfortreatment.BxrOBV BT HoBsi-PowBB.—Somewore discharged from the Storehouse No. 12 Broad-of the Commissioner of Repairs and t^ticbedat St Helena. JanaS, oMasalpuagniph Trilnau road.Mr. CocHaAsa—I choose tobsetiantge my q^uestion fromtwenty$54,470 65.IbBtTeEbBxXsStTiInNoO CXxBbExlvloOHhTt.——lTuhoeucbuerllo^r,eceunit.ly pur-chased by the Sabbath School attached to the Fourth.rises to a question of privilege. Mr. CoeaBASB—We shall see.Hfag,»himself was unfounded,An Ex-Policeman —read. It was with reference to^W'.".i.w^h,i-chiJ-e.nF/d^e-d',a"t. b^^JoHH CocaaAxx was alluded to as the Chairman of the Committee.Mr. LovijOT said there was nothing in that iriiichtbe newE., was in co. with ship DavlLiht of cJ^ii'JC;. nJP. eotta for Boston. Feb. ». BSfn—it hS5S??^*t ilea, fook pilot from boat KxTT?/; N?"?* "• *" *•Ship Montsrev (of Boston.) Snutli. 8omVt~ ivt mself In the newspapers, sadwould pursue tbe same course. He objected.lectures are to tbe openridingBtTEGLABT.—Last Saturday night the residence|Mr. CocitaAia was JOT objected.aboutof J. J. JomiBOB, at Flatbuah. waateJ.-aeathm from nilnola, to wit, J. D. Waimaa, H. B. dltlon to two Democrats, Messrs. Paroa and Milisoh Tils Speaker decided this was no question of privi- of art, attract much attention at Scbao's new gal- A Call.—Rev. Mr. West, ofhas dr.. with sugar to K. P. Book k Oo.— Mr. CocuiANX—'prlrilege.evidence of mterest in theSsubJects treated, S.COLUHBIA CoLLxea Law Bchool.—^Williambesoon as the weather will permitpippS^ vi mAaLStat.by saying, that the point might as well be settledno member has the privilege of correcting newspaperlargeathese circumstances, the Speaker had put a questionTke water Isand the bottomCONGRESS. to the House.Mr FASjiBWoaTB—I had made the point that thevessels.question of order was not debatable, and that the Cbafr put the question on thatcomplaining pain in her side, but soon lay down again. Presently Gbacx again arose and went to an attic- room, where she remained until about 4 o'clock in the afternoon. At that time Maxoaret hearing anoise in the cellar, went down to ascertain Its cause, and found Grace standing by the furnace. Her confused manner^Mr. BAxa, of New-York, (Dem.)—I call that gen- tleman to order now.the walls, roof ana bins for holding grain are ail to be of iron. Circular bins, 12 feet diameter and 60 feetdeep, will be cOBStructed m continuous rows adjoiningeach other, each holding about 6,000 bushels, the in- sage port.Mr. BcanBTT—Jersey be heard on the subject invoU'ed in Mr. Cab- Txa'B resolution.Nic, 27 ds., with wood and bides toexperienced heavy weathor the latter part of theMr. BuanxTT—That resolution involves the charac- ter, conduct Slid action of a Committee of this House.in connection with the suspicions that Maeoaest had tervening space forming bins that will bold aboat Brig Santiago, (Brem.,) Blsenbrook, Pert-aa-Flatt— poned till the first Monday in Jime. Negatived 74Schr.MaryAlice, P. Welch, Ponce,B.,TA. i *,:tatoentered by thieves who carried away property valued at $3tj0.K. JoJ.Bark Aberdeen, (of Searsport) Coehian, Malaaaas U1 have not stated theBriggrounds Committee. 1 was neither Cbalrman nor member.evening at Clinton Hall, but owing to attendance, adjournedMr. LovsjOY—Mr. BoaniTT, of Kentucky, (Dem.,) wasthe point when Messrs. Lovxjot and FAavswoxxH severally called liim to order, the confusion being30,a boat from Br. barkAipinwall tor Dobo Island; reported aMasaf Us' ere«1 call tbe gentleman to order.A New Cockiebfeit.—It wasstaled last evening that new counterfeit bills on the Chcmtmg Bank, N. Y., were in circula(ti1on.Caronera' Inqneets. A SAO STOBT.byHasMr. Blaex, of Ohio, (Kep.,) announced the death ofyoung Frenchman, at No. 42 West wasfor-Schr. M. S. Boire, Gaskill. Gloucester 4 da., with flab.EvxxiTT llocsi.—It Is after the really refreshing,a German August Byer, youngpleasantiaaaaa by the illegal seizure of said vessel. It is 179.1 had t)een affirmed by every State Court before earthly friends. The boarders at the Everett House Inst, part property by price.Lord t" Therobbery11th and a of the was restored half the*'Lord^obtfol If any action will be taken on the French which it had come, and the act of 1850 did not differ are at present in a state of wondering excite-Spoliation claims.PUBCHA8I Of CUBA.ship Constitution, for Liverpool, is out over tba goingBar. and four tiarks are going up the Bay. Wind mod-:constitutionality of the act oftherein as to cahnadrgaes a member ofpledged, so that tbe work can be commenced asof my was Chalrmui of theJ.8. wiibmolUKstoTboaipaoBftHaater. SU.iaea.wtfiMr. WainiT, of Delaware, (Dem.,) during the pro-yatttloaed Hie Committee for two hundred Sharpe'a that country, and complaining that our Federal Exe- der to discharge the House from all consideration of cension, was detected, on Sunday, while endeavor- opposite to that section of our City where the Com mainstay sailcast to him toplosion of a fiuldlamp which she hadmethod of evincing their proximity to thefr and fellow workman. Tbeoccurred on the WorcestershireSauce,and can t>e obtained at one-The same Committee, I understand, will ignore the the State Courts over the Federal Courts. " proverbial might distributing obscene and deceptive letters at various faUag susaass. Relief is Imiaediata and oartaia. ion. 67 3C, brig Nancy York for AspinwalLpropositionegotiation • Bpain.of a liberal commercial treaty withTHX 8LATI-TBADB.'byfrom Wisconsin simply asserted that the Federalgirl, twelve years of age, has recently beenas a medium. Several of her times, late,West and of CrookedIsland, brig Charles Stage, for Stto purchase Cuba, and recotnmend the The decisions referred to the Senator spirits from the vasty deep." One of his childr^p, a bouses in tbe City. He will be examined to-day.Only 35 ceala a bottle.CITT F08V-0FFICB.the payment of Benjaminand at tbe same time be convenient for " Star Simngleu Banner," which was written by her the malls aiid for handling. Tbe«ost, formerly, was father, when a prisoner In a Brltiih vessel in the WaritIystertoBsFaasensera ArrlTed.In bn/l Lucretia, from Cardenas—Wm. Schilling. Ed—Fr. from Angnstire ship,plan,LvciLM or Natieal Histoby.The Lyceum ofyesterdayrecentlyof Tne Journal saysNorfolk, Conn., who caHte to thishethis printing would go to the Senate printer.The resolutions were adopted.Mr. AoaAia, ofpern.,) said on last Friday Mr. CAiraa ofl'ered a reso-I|27 °.» Eventide—bark, from CienfneK'Oi for Boston, Feb. !»,.(AnU-Lecomptonot lution rtflecting on the President, the Heads of De- —J. H. RedfieldSecond Vice- Corresponding SecretaryNew-Jersey,JtJAias.conectlv. There is not one of them who com- paitmenu anu the Joint Committee toFirst Vlce-P*esldent—Ckioper;make arrangements of « ASBINOTtlf.;Mr.— LxiTBll-Boxis. Ahad teen absent from home for a number of,Miert Moaa,Lovijor, wasnotaS*''"*^'"" •'=^''<daysSteamship Crocberon»Ii.S »end anot Mr. becameday, but finding Noethwat, alarmedNew-York.Hachtirann, for „ff«Kii. b) \.r.TP« Hobtautt o» tm Wekk,—There were and myaleiions adacoea."Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069;Br. bark BlackEacle, ofSt Johns,lots, to lease, or for•aI«.»2'vo ecta Hall ttttV,?HJ*?.*~' up paragraphterday morning the buildings Noa. 334, 335 and for his safetv. His room was then opened and his.t.,^tit from At MinlUtlan.Feb.S, bark A. Klm^I. C "'Tn»«OK to be read. "i were made.H.PoatoD. Ida.; sciir. Jenny Norton, Bullock,theme for the marvel-lovers at the hotel in question, though some are incredulous enough todoubt the of the spiritual originNEW-ORLEANS, Fcb.37.-ArT., ship Mary BtifgM. from Liverpool.gifts.YocNG Mia's National Ukiok Clcb.—This.st:"Trusnilloschooners W. B. Mitchell and w. H. TUoamb, bum •at- veston. for BostonClub held ameeting,last evening, at Clinton Hail-hereky glTcnitmay concern,her. Sheexpeetedto suspicions.mightoccur where animworthy M^ttnras Mar.8.--New-York Matanzas-becompelledsupport,sale from " cash before 3 o'clock" to " cashbid," and as copartner of the trustee might thus be- come a purchaser—ai: the other bidders being exclud- ed who had not been forewarned to be ready with the:proper and am still ready to pay the amount of my bids, and take suchconveyance.1 claim to be the owner of said ships, by virtue ofsaid purchase, if the seller had a right to make the sale, and shall Insist upon my rights as a purchaser. Signed, BENJAMIN H. CUEEVER."Tbe first bid for the lUmots was by Mr. Robeets,meeting of the Old Men's General Committee, but the resolu- tion was finally declared out of order, this Clab beingBorussia Prince Albert AragoVigoliar. 1((ew-Tork .New-Yora ....HavreBr. Jean brigfromSt Thomas SirBoetaa,as a separateregarded organization. Several newwho offeredthe terms wereW. C. BArjiT bid »30,000, whenIflnames were proposed and elected as members of the Club, after which tho meeting adjourned.»25,000. InstantlyMar. 3.... New-YorkBoston New-YorkUverpeol. Liverpool LiverpoolHALIFAX. Feb. 27 —Theone mile from shore In twelve (eet of water, Tlsihle aMIn the Mellcal College, Fourteenth street, to elect officers for the coming year. The following per- sons were chosen: President—Joseph Delafiiui;NoarnWAT, aSua rises.... < 3t Sunsets.... 5 49 Moon sets.... 12 28Wintoti,Liverpool, out, was signalised Dec BTlat—President J. C. BievoortHotel, onR. H. Librarian— A W. Morris. Curators—Dr. J. Tuckley, T. Prince,Sundaylast,UnsafiCoifmW^'^TrP*J""*^""TM *»» • censure on a named Jahs Ajw Hotel. He wrote to his wife*'"<^'"'" --"'* '"«th^treaty find of easy ^ws?^'i'^o°fth'?^co^S^-Bo^toa,Bc<l Wing, from Balttmore,;RecordingSecretary—C. M.g'. N. Laurence, Dr. J. Green, Robt H. Brownne.MONDAY, Feb. 27.Soto, Bullock, Havana, Livingston,^Atfrom St. Thomas for New-York, ">0D-fP^J,V^face, anas aad on the right sUe of the body, by the ex-passed Anjierstreet on Saturday, and one horMt has beento do their work, which is that of hoisting goods. It,;;.Isemployment at the public expense, but If economy can Church, Tallore, India, will be formally presented, be iheieby promoted, no valid objection can be made. in the above-named Church, to Dr. SotrDsxa, thisUndoubtedly—Bn-BTHXBiA. Dr. OiLBiBT lectured last even- evening..yiYotTNO Mmciation met lastthe slim audience in withoutthe accused,AEBXST FOE CIBCHLATINQW. BALTIMORE,Feb.ST.—BrigHenryA.Didisrtnm'8Chbibtian Ukiok.—This Asso-Simday morning Geaci got out of bed,already formed in reference to her coadltlon, excitedthe cariosity of tbe latter, who, looking Into the fur-nace, saw the body and took it oat. Geace admit-ted that she had given birtn to the child, but persist-ed that it had been bom dead. A post mortem examln- ing any grain that may at the time need such process. ney A Co.olution btougbt up that the gentleman might be heard ati>n, made by Dr. BoDTOH, verified the truth of the These cylindrical bins will all have pipes and convey- J.BUr.igHaLcaicarest.is, Stevens, Cardenas 10 ds., with iat a Long Island farmer's last Summer she was be- Mr. Fabhswoxtb objected. The resolution was not frayed by one of the farm hands.bin,the bottom of each for drawing it off. The bins are Brig Mary A. Forrest GUlespie, Bahla Jaa. SI, vttk made of superior sheet or plate iron, that has gone coffee and sugar to Geo. Moke A Co.proceedings and been published.before tbe House, and was not therefore debatable.FOCHD DEAD IN AK ABEA.Soon afterthrough a boiling process in a composition which willBrig Almore, (of Waldoboro ) Holbea, MUtHha. Mexi«o,21 ds.. wit£ mahogany to Yietor A Duckwita.There was a call of tbe House election of a Printer.to theall rusting or corrosion.The form and adjustment ofthe wbolehas jttst beenSale ef Isthmaa Steamers.day." Hereupon B. H. Couvza made the fol-BOSUN, Feb, 27.-OffInoand Tarquin, from New.OrleaD*; Dark Card, tnmbrig R. W. (roa Cape Baytiaa: Baker,FirstWard—SmithHambleteo. thewholeamountof bids a my upon receiving;schr.Hianatha.fromNew-York.FHlLaDBl,PHLA. Feb. 27.—Arr. bark Impoatar.from Pemambuco 24. saUed incompany wiihbarkA. J, Haxard.forMew-York.F. Buck.more. TwentiethWard—AionzoR.Peck. Twenty-"Norfolk, was in New-York, at the Metropolitanlittle street-sweeper, a collection tour. He had visited tiiencewentto New- andwhile extracting letters from the politanBatki St. Mary's, Spavin, Mobile, N. H. Brigham -*AtNiievlt.s Feb. 13. bark Clsrlssa, Pettlgrew, ue.and Broadway. She had'j-^-ave power; and with the desire to defer a Wnfi'S^^f'^V^?*- °' Ncw-Vork, (Dem.,) rose to robber, who Is only 11 years of age, U the Sixth left the bouse with a gentleman, a stranger to ttiem. E. Webb, Clark. Savannah, Dunham k bimonouTgene" l"on7emf Mr. ABSAis-l then askthe letterto Brooklyn to see a friend.unc.PrecinctStation-house,wheresheisWard well. Pomt a Petre, R. P.BuckfcCo Kmrn»"New-Yoee. Feb. 27, 18«0.aigned for It Ehoold be aiarkel Loula."Overlaad, vid St;to all whomNotice Isthat the steamships lUmoif and Mostt Taylor wereThe Overland Hails trem St Joseph (Ko.) to Plaeer-about twenty members present. On motion, the fol- sold to me on toe SOth Inst., at this place, by Mr. vllle, via Salt Lake City, leave St Joseph every Satar- YorkbrU R. R. Eirkland, from 8t. Johns the Utb; lowing gentlemen were elected members of the Ex- ReBEETS. That I have offered, and am ready to pay day, at 8 A. M. Letters shonld be mwked " Overlaad, left bark Hyperion, to load for New-Tork ; just arrived,er any, and if so what, legislation is necessary tosecurethelibertyofspeeohorpersonintheDistrict ThePcBLicStoeeCo.mbactinihisCitt.— withtbebl<l." Mr.BARasTprotestedandstatedthat Edinburgh Mar.M....New-Yon UTarvooi lowwaftr.ThebayIs coveredwithportioasrfsUpmentioaed as District is especially interested in the threatened ex-atRepresentilives.TaylorThe sale appears to have been conducted after theposurewhich prominent City polt-opening eyes In this sale ropjr'rer VA.vDt;BEiLT,Liverpool New-Yor* .. .Liverpool Portland.to the nature of transaction by whit-h three hundred laboring men3.'> Feb. I'i.theof TreasuryDepartmentthe I'.e act*;and makes l.la b.,I biJ of..T.ivertvxJ .Naw-Yor* Feb. 29.. ..LIveriKxvi. .PartlandThe r. S. ()uaraiitine.have been deprive*! of einplovniejil, —..anotherfriends at tlie North will makeat Hope strung rally aroundveryFulton Mar.6.We understand that Hon. S. D. NosrHWAr. oflatsince wuicb he has not t>een seen nor can be fouLd. We learn from one of the firm of Metsis. Pece, White t Pick, of this city, w*ho h:;6 fecn a partner of Mr. Noribvav, that heSunday evening, telling her amoi.g other thln^js, that he had just re-;announced to be "cash Earopa. JuraMar. 7 — Mar. 7steamship Hnsgarfaa Uftpelated toipeetorevening, Dariii LvsTBa wasof ap-Mr. CotFAX, of Indiana, (Rep.,) said he was author- body of WiixiAM BcaXE, who is said to have been, patented, and the Company will have, without charge, Newport, R. I., with mabonny to F. Alexandre—naaaiMr. Glossbreoner Mr.BallMr. Ford (Ohio)Schr. W. C. Merahon, (S-niaslad.) Cole. Ketilt ds. . w ith naval stores to MeCready, Moa * Co.Whole numberNecessary to a choice. 99lMr. Seaton 14^Vhile Mr. C. of No. 171 WUliams,Schr. Samael Rotan, Port Henderson.Lavaea, Tex..1Mr. Glossbrenner 81 ScatteringMr. Ford 9ll The House again voted.Whole number of3Saturday evening, he was felled to the groundMr. HoAai), of New- York, (Rep.,) asked whether it would be in order that, after the next trial, if it wereler,Ball 7blow, and his assailant,rifled hisin escaping. Subsequently,the holder thereof tobanker or banking institution in the State of New- York, or elsewhere.wood.Schr. 6. B. Cramer, Cenklin, Little Egg Elarbc* I da.,votes.l89|Mr.a choice. 951 Mr. Seaton 17onwith a slung-shot by a man who sprang from behind a stoop. Mr. Williams was rendered insensible by theCity,JusticeWalmslit, agent of Lasd, Schr. e. NCo., which has occupied the United Schr. Ann B. Baker, Ireland. Yirgiala, oysters.house inEleventh Precinct on suspicion of havinginAlplionsc Menplcs,Siiwaet, July last.THEFT OF A WATOH.tillsfind Mr. Hoagland until yesterday, when Officer Bar- ron, of the Lower Police Court, succeeded In finding him. Justice Comnou.t fixed tbe bail of the prisoner at $ 1,000.Newark, N. J., whoGEKAT SKWING-MACHnrX PATXHT CASE.the First District CourtBadgers, Johnson, Tirginia, oyttert.—'When motherswhen Mengles paid a nsit to kis fellow-servants, aad their daughters their assume theWIND— W. Sunrise, S.Wwith one of tbe children of the saw the family,panywatch and appropriated it Justice Kellt held the accused for trial.A FALSE FBIZND.Bark K. Wright, Jr., Giblw,report Supplieswasreceived,fromwhichit apoearEthatPlymouth CmiBCH.—The money ($120,000) for LoDdon^waimco lods. Dec. is Ut.ae8~ing to consume the body of her illegitimate child inthe large hot-afr furnace In the basement of the house.CoroBer ScBiiMsa yesterday investigated the cfrcom-stances of the case. From the evidence of MAaeAaarMuLBx, it appeared that about 4 o'clock on The grounds are ample, taring 125 feet front en A Co. Left no Am.Exchange and our largest grain dealers are doing bustness, and where large quantities of sugars, &c., are landed.Brig W.A.Brown, (of Boston,) Hermann. 116 08., with tin:t>er to master. Feb. 25, sawbsisi^—-via St. Joseph."lAOmymmMifJ nS.WIWBLOW'SSOOTUiaSB'BVF.erate 8.Pemambuco on tbe 25th Jaanaiy. Left basks Uaioa.OBSCENELETTEBS. A man calling himself H. S. Harris was arrestedGrapeshot, for Mew-Orleaas in four days charge having been engaged in tbe United States for children teething, with aever- N. Stowers fiom Boston. Spoke, Feb. *, laLMOlM..NdHh and Wast Way Mali3 (HAM.A. K. andSouth and Southwestern Mail... A A. H. and4H P.M.Western trt^ Brie Railroad. MaU,East forBoBton.by Steamboat 4 P.M. Th< Overland Mall for California leaves St. Louis every Monday and Thursday, at 8 A. M. Letters de-Dttte. I^aVM Feb. 2»....Kew-Tcrk United Kingdom. ..Feb. 39....New-Torkrea, frtmBOST(iN,Feb. 27—'The bark Atlas remaiosKslES ArabiaJ. J. Cross Havi Spencer,Edinburgh..Feb. 15.— -Feb. IS .Kcb. UiNova Scotiun—— Liverpool .Boston.,atd at hir^Latfats P. M.....Mar. 1... .New-York.. Mar. 3.—Cronstadt from m SoriBM^'.iJanother, heto his partner at about oj-e-four-.h tt:e amount ue him- SaxbnU Mar. 1 ..Hamburg. .New-Vcr« The Spanish bri? Victoria, sahorw,CABXXAnr, on ato Wm.T.Fiost Been7of the Third Court-stieet car.a." ";is easy oftbe river, and running back 550 feet with a water- Brig Pedro Sanehes Dais, Flekett, NneriMs Mda-privilege running out 380 feet into the river in front with cedar and molasses to J. Molina k ft iwaalli'i The Intention is to erect upon the groimds an Iron FeckAOhurcb. Had apllotonboard4as., wilbstnEicbullalng 95by 110 feet, completely fire-proof;1,200 bushels each. The full capacity of the building will be half a miillon of bushels.Attorney-street by Officer Muel-of theperpetrated the robbery, and Justice Steees held himfor trial. The accused is represented by the police to expected relaxation in our Usury laws will soon se- ds.. wltb coal.*States District Court, before Judge Gilis, nearly twomonths, involving five patenta of the plaintlS's for Sehr. W. S. Putnam. Bsyd. Gloucester 2 ds.. fish.WxEsiEE.Hollowat'3 Pills.droop, complexionscankering hue of disease, their eyes grow dim. and their animation change to pettilance and fretfulness, they should have immediate recourse to these deob- Btruent remedies.rAdrertlsaaeat]meridian,do.; sunsetB. Below.»m Llverptie;Olaatrow Hamburg. Galway.; *Opsufrom Monle- vidto for ibis port, is in the Bay. bd. up. Tne capt&is reports that Le haj? been 20 ds. this side of Bermuda, with ht-avy westerly Kales. The bark VV'beatlaud. trona with the Baltls Mar. 6 JTew-York AEpmwKll Rio de Ja:ieiro. is atso below, and la said to be leakIo£Saady Book.ll 211Gov. Island.U 101...1 S3David Coleman A Co.SanFrancisco, W. T.'Idg.;Starlight. Bearse, Galveston. Norcross A Prince Aturned from Rev. E. II. Cbapin's church, and fin- James. c' 3^i.G':l^l Pe?Ungill.at the corner of White-streeta herheld for the He had made an appointment with a member of histo «il io .J»ut IJdvMa-;Isbedfingers into the box. Officer Jocehab look the mail Metropolitan say that 11 is thefr impression that he _Schooners Howard. Howard, Newbem. J. L Davt'i 'Ttthematterwillbetakenbe- firmtoseehimattheMetropolitanHotelMonday Elkabetb,Ireland.Newbem,J.D.Abr"ah"S^n^^ J^Tw^VhaMM-ahlp YMugFbenlx.inght..^tak the gentleman whether he rises coods. The damage to the building is about $560. infest New-York to mirder him, and tiiere is good hence for Charleston i_aBth, 3 P. M.. signalised steam-tne floor from me t I do notreasonMr. NoxtbwatBhip Quaker City, fOi Havana.Steamship Jaaestovn. Norfolk, Ma., with gklBner,ndse. and passengers ta Ladlam k Hemeken. Lett at^J U.UUUtorm of years- ""»"TM^ut $300 werth of paper patterns.and huslbess circles, and his family andm tcbaeeo fsr HavreUntitled DocumentpoliticalPointN. B.I Idg, GOttoa sad Sour for Livemoolof Poariand Kew-8owery,inducement for theto bflleve that he has been fouUr dealt with.as. 6 P. M., exchange* stanalsof rowdies gaikgs thatwlthsteamslupNashville,Costa, W. F. Schmidt. Trieste,"^i,5i?«-jJ;"^' ."2i,-Srlir Wave, just arr. ; sehr. Vll-er,H^CityUIOH WATER—TBIS DAT.Brooklyn,thsKth ihlp Senator, of New-York, Idg.•o^ in 2 "sTrriorUto from Eichmcnd, dhBhgV; Aastriaa HarBits, *Bip;i-ov.IS.tnJava•toarg.e. except In thbea8d. E. Tradefrom theexpe"r'ienced-- w^evJ'.l'if^b'^luJ^'S-S'T^S^tS^ 'liu-^ik. iWi80 E., w«au< In CO. with lbiaark ..gA'iL'lS^ AinniS „/SJ*J!ui^-^iN.ofBark Isaael and Snaanae. (Fr.,) Davanssal, B.»«»»A.ATen, for Ivlg .-?----suspUed them with medicise.:New--) ork. Feo. lat BU, », loo.«i Bivat Capt.sickBrig Masatlan, (of Bootabay ) MeCartF, ClaaAMcea ISds., wltn sugar and roolssees to J. B. Ward ftOsu Ms date, off Cape Antonio, signallEed brigs J. Mtians. freoapbme Emellne, bd. M. gale.that night had a heavF B. W.N.W. gales.Brig Syren, (Br., of London.) Griffin, OraytoVB.3t ds..wltb Ssb to Samuel CroweU A Sm.;been 5ds.M. of Batteraa.ACo. PlymouthBock,Norris,Boston3dan«ltti.Bark J. A. Hazard, Williams. Perosmbnco.Bark Atlantic. 'Brem..) Feldhasen, Bremen. Brig Aana T. Tarrey, Griffen, Cardenas.Weatiier very haxv on shore.aa4 Arr ship Maria from St. Jag*. OnthelMh spake eC;:BALTIMORE, Feb. 27.-Arrship JohanMa,lk«m9evArr.brigMaryCobb,fromMatantas ssbiisaariCientnegoseoo bales of cotton were discharged on the beaeh, wet,with tbeashore at Wood £nd, Provincetown, and tke a» breaking over her.cargoofbrigand willKaltikuSX, Feb. 25 —TheprobablysaveHstteraa.Feb. 27—The NashvlDe, SteamshipSomes,from and tor New-Haven, diecl;g. SchrajM^rBprevlouslv reported - ;•www.fultonhistory.com 