 f/I;iin order to place them within the reach of all, will be mortgaged - to those net having tbe full amount, by applying at the othce," to office," &c. This is a very^grave charge;aud, being dated "Auburn, Tuesday, May 22," I860," and written by one who was there ex-pressly and avowedly to "condole with Gov. S. on Ltion of the Chicago Convention, it is never eany for a public his defeat and', denounce nie as its author, it isThe highly reprehensible practice pf permitting Nature, who is a notorious .blunderer, to have her? l.». «'OF PKOTOXinn ov lnow, pHOTOXinX OF iROX, Coxnixnn.Senate.presumeit willreceive>TOw?f-ti?holding States in regard to the hominnHn'ii, 'hatf tlllod the public 'jprcjudice is.i:of sub-letting laud in sipnall patches, to be planted inpotatoes',haediminishedthepopulationofIre- Sand by some two millions or more, econom-Iu:Xa preeminently adapted to family use."—[Ph2. Eve. Jonre- flTD-lfl!1I**Wj" "^*L_ _a "^"/V'vsrn**?-'^S^^!Mi'--W£^f^Mi^$%l$~ ing. tbe emigration, there remains an abundance. jfdo likewisetM K ? w o n d ^ P ^ k t h e ^(mfmt^stirf^l*'?<&£ Ai I U.TIES B * « IV Usa.,- No. 495 Broadway, New-YoTk.No. 183 Kalton-st, Brooklyn.•*^^^Noa-oUaadSaFnlton^t.,Urtwwa Gol.l and Cliffs'*.PERUVIAN SYKUP.The Republicans of Iowa yesterday renominated their State officers, and tho Hon. Wm. Vandever was. also renominated for Member of Congress for the Hd District. Lincoln and Hamlin were' " . . , ,,M^*M'«i*. .'.,1.1, ••••••>, •••-• •>•psJ^0%0^»*M»fr*».rd itscif. Jill'nece8«ary pr<!•heartily indorsed. .• i/:Iiish hands;- •TSO BRAR]>8 JOT RBOOKXYIY.V\ ! jseems impossible to separate them, or to settle the dispute; by giving the platform to one side and the candidate to the other. The ultra Southern fac--,,.l., ••>, l-.ll • ••Oxe PRICE, wnr MANY STYLKS.—KNOX'S um- >J»^L«£. fir****** HATItfottrdottws.andattfastprioo £*EJS*w^'«t£2ftSt'i* ofwrrrv*fcd«ceU«i»c*. BirryoncrgrSBUT^rfkiWt «t hi. pop*** wtebJtohntwit; Ko. 812ftwJ*?' > • ••" " • ' Y o « n w M E N ' S H A T * f o r t h e S c a s o n . i s t h e J E D D OIlVr.oi W««aS»»i tobeW onlyof - , - , . . . X1*T«.** Gxmx,No.518Broadway.. P A W S S O F T HA TS.-—A new invoice just openedhr "Liver *• ffi -'* »'-co<s»io», HCXT & DTJSKCBKIUIT, Lcsdors of F»»hfOP f«r 0 ntk-moa't E>T», No*. 3, 4, and S Astor Hooso.ONL Y ORIGINAL H A T FOR YOUNG MEN-5heJ a»po, of "Woven Straw, to be bad only of ^Onxty.No. 513 Broadvray.LADY READERS OF THE TRIBUNE—If you wisha baod^ome pair of On'-tors, with beela, at 12a., with Slippers and Tie* at 6a. to 7s. per pair, go tor> XMiiuuxwx fc. Co.'s, No. 887 CaniU-st.il|who were Sjleek; unbearded men and meujiha* transferofthe' ^^^^^^^e$^^e^m ofJthe; shaved o'mprn.f| And what oomtolatioh'M&Mr.\,'% I certa in, howevii 1 is sabt rdtnatesThe Boston PoPwtcTjAX S-nrrr , Pxxcvux STROP, PiotrviASf STBBT', PXRCTIAX STKBP , PKRCTIAH SIKCT, PBRCVIAX Srnc». PBHCTIAX SYKVP, PXXCTXAX STItTfP, Orand even a considerable part of the agricultural: ;ial Sovereignty, and upon his personal cbimsltoP»OT»CT«oS o u m o x.•The Honse of Representatives yesterday passed. the Pacific Telegraph bDl, which had previouslyLondon.On our sixth page we print a m«nly and judiciousThe /dandy officers of the army in London were tion are no less resolutely bent, not merely uppn.1 "ttT>: ."J********* '_I>„,I-)I. ..Mi. inTO CQRRESP0FDEFT8..%nend in their annotmcementa as early in the day as'pos- HA TS AND CAPS FOR GENTS AND CHILDREN. sible.~Tb* largest sadroost elegant Tmrfatyinthis «3ty. Beaatifal.Straw Good* for Mia*** and t h ildron. aATEVANS',K. KIADUO, 3J I Canal-tt.Good Black Cloth Frock CoaU.. Fine Black Cloth Frock Co&UThe finest Black Cloth Frock Cost* Sprfn* Cap** and other Ovorcoat*. CMatoaexvBoaineaa Coats...*The Spoech of ABRAHAM LINCOLN of Illinois—atthe Cooper Institute, New-York, Feb. 27,1!|60—explaining and defending the position and view* of the Republican party on the subject'of Slavery: T o which is added the Hon. JAMBS R, DOO- UTTXX'S vindication of the Kopublicans ef Wisconsin from the charge of Nullification.Price, per copy, 4 cents; per dozen, 25 cents; per 100, $1 35; per 1,000, $10. If by mail, one cent each most be prepaid.•Fancy CMaimajgPant*.— Elegant Spring Vests. Oufdnjere Snit»v to match Bhtftk Cloth Snih...... Linen Dorters...Ahjecoa Coats...*••• I ^i° 2000 ,AnAJ°Thni Snnuner Coata..........«...-..-—•• Seamier Pant*.creationf-and tbat their removal was utterly be-present, is entirely the other way.. . .. *Now. 6wand 63 Fnlton-st.National.Politics*- •;• —I 0 °°j© 3000 ' "* ' 200Tennicash. AddressHORACE GREELEY &.Co., Tribune Buildings, New-York.-£5 00 to $8 00 lOOOto U 00 15 00 to *> 00* TMto J " J w t o 13 00* * { ° 600 300....150to 50075to 500 75to 300Emigration from Ireland does not limit itself to countries be-: T R I B U N E , from the day of its first appearance, yond the ocean. There is a constant influx o"The experience which we have had of the PXXWIAX STRCF<Protoxlde of lrou). and the evidwiicen which have been exhib- their bitterness or their indiscretion. ited to o* oi it» gr*^»t »ucce*» in th*- cure of many di«ea*r», «ati-fysuccess of the Republican cause demanded. It is ^esartus. A certain Administration not many vptes for the Presidency, what security is therenot my part to vindicate them; but whoever says years ago, in the very tempest, torrent, and as we that if now elected by Southern votes he wouldin that it i» a medicinal agent of remarkable power, and deserv- ing the attention of invalids." sented defeat, even in Nctc- York, as the inevita-1.JOHX E. WiuuAxa, e»q.,IROX JX THX BLOOD.before the nomination?, as I hnve uttered no lam- first, and the gratification of personal feelings or week after. This is according to the precise ar- entations since; It was the simple duty of each aspirations a long way afterward. I wished first rangements of the United States Government Com- delegate to do, as it vras measurably of each out- of all to succeed; next, to strengthen and establishSjrop i* known to be a remedy, sbonld get oar pamphlet " On tbe Importance of Iror. to the Blood." It can be bad on appli-cation, or will be aeut free of charge to any address.N. L. CJLAKX k. C<>.. Proprietors,PTRZ-PROOF SAFES. No.429"Broadway..STXAXXS it MAXVMT,No. 335 Broadway, cor. "Worth-st, N. T..WHEELER & WILSON'S SETVTOTC^MACHINKS.** W e prefer them for f«n«fly use."— [Trfbune. MTaeyar»tbefaveTUe»forfainiUe«.h---lTin*r«.sider,tocounsel,justwhateverwasbestfortheourstrugglingbrethrenintheborderSlaveStates.scullion,tobe^haved,beadandchin.Whatdis-irjjjgPresidentialtermisthelastoneinwhichthestitution was formed—and, by necessary consequence, tends to weaken and destroy the Union itself." 2. Remitted, That negro Slavery, as it exists in fifteen States of this Union, composes an important portion of their domestic in- Price $30 Salesrootn Ho. 5M broadway. opp. St. Nicholas stitutions, inherited from their ancestors, and existing at the adoption of the Constitution, by which it is recognized as conxti- FEKKLE & LYON'S SEWING-MACHINES—War- tuting an important element in the apportionment of powers among the States; and that no change of opinion or feeling on the part of«tbe non-slaveh.olding States of the Union in relation to this institution can justify them or their citizens in open orGov.'Seward or any man-had or could have any who do npt'believe this, I neither desire their special claims to the nomination. Among the friendship nor deprecate their hostility.^ WiLLcax & GIBBS'S SEWING-MACHINJB.* . ** U a public benefaction."—[Boston Transcriptmany good and true Republican statesmen named '..•''v.';*' ',', * for the Presidency, I recognized no especial claim,Tanted to gfce better satisfaction than any other Sewiug-Ma- cbinea in maixet, or money refunded. Agents wanted throughoutbut constantly 'insisted that he who could most surely lead the party to victory should be selectedI R I S HE M I G R A T I O N .improvements. |'V ,. '„ •" ; i It has, indeed, been suggested .that the faithfulPeck, by this anti-capillary proceeding, has merelyI|; would be a, very mortifying circumstance to thejslaveholdingchiefs of the Democrats, after hav- ing; driven out of their rank8 all the best men in i;he Northern States -formerly associated withthe UnitedStatewand Cauadaa. Office No. 583 Broadway.F i x x x x k LTOJC SXWIXCS Co.THE NEW STEREOSCOPIC JEMPORIUM.The large increase of-the Irish emigration to the&appttee in tbeaky-hgfai rowoia. "" 'BARRY'S TRJCOPHEROTJS is tbebest and cheapest•rttefe for Dxesamg, Beaotifytug, Chwnsing, Curling, Preserving^ sttl Ifeo^ring th* jRartr. Ladtes, try it. Sold by Ifrugglsta.-SPALDING'S PREPARED GLUE:** Everybody shonld have a bottle."—(Tribune. FOR SALK EVKKVWIIKKX.Manufactured by H. CSFALOIXU fc Co., No. 48 Cedar-st Post-OfSoe addreas, Box No. 3.600.AMEDICINAL WHISKY.either in relation to persons or property in the Territories,which are the common possessions of tho United State*, so as to ity on that point. I suppose those who consider arising' especially for railroad laborers. The greatinto mourning by going out of hair. If such a motive, and noS a scandalous and corrupt collusion with the barbers of Brooklyn, stimulated Peck—\ who may have been, in the days of his youth and. • T H E O V i J t Tie OverlandTe'ej the Houw by 28.nproposed byMr. iks sealjd proposals to b for sixty days aflf-r responsible guarantit mailcontract!. 1i€ lowest responsible hi shall not exceed $-'M taining the dmcreti > a!TIIE cosi: OF sdlMr. Craig <»f Misscto the zealons part h«believed tjae.some caiMr. Clingman's rei-lie1 THE VAThe Pacific Rail: o) Hou?e, and Mr. Curl opeiingspeech,deaij the route recomrcer larg£ map wheh wns purpose. Various an the jrinc^)al <»ne was prop .mn^ two rou(!-5, before C<r.gress. H order for Monday anilTHE"MIUT\] 'TheCommittee*0; .actedontheAmendm . bill providing for eaiii ed Texas.volunteer^.^ to that amendment, bj in view of tbe nec^issi tion from"Indians op 1regiments of cavalry from among ten rev r regular service. TIH ture of about $900,("j| proposed Texas recim to the service.,MR.i DA VT*:: Most of the sitting i r'on Mr. Davis s res->l cpnclnsioh. On the present voted solid i Messrs. Bright, B»?H Latham, Lane, and J Kennedy «'tnd Critteuo publicans present vjojtfourth, | Mr., Pugh uo Mr. Clingman explain cause of Mr. Doushx*j Mr. Clingmnii ihtro* the fourth of the ttWi existing condition pf ^jiire the mteryeiifi* Slavery in the Terrino posed to amend by >n- sert his Slave Cod>- was about being <-all nud soph thinned out t was made at the con vote, bjut Mr. Criile epeair,jandotheadjoi o'jclock. Debatomay »<«idehtally take a tieAs It is almost impossible to get pore Bourbon Whiskey, and aa it is prescribed so much by physicians, for numerous com- plaint*, we have seenred tbe agency for the pure article in bottles of the Kentucky Salt River bourbon Whisky DiMilleries which. are the oldest and most extensive in the State. It U put op by the distiHer himself, with his name on each bottle, and comes ' direct to na from the distilleries. We can guarantee to the public who boy this brand of whisky that they are not buying spirits and drugs, labeled Pure Old Bonrhon, fee. When yon porchaaebe sore to look for Mr. S. T. SOTTO, the distiller's name. Sold by every druggist In this and tbe surrounding cities.HEOXMAX k. Co., Chemists k Druggists,Noa. lol. 399. 511. « e , Broadway. New-York.Office of the Distilleries, where the wholesale trade only can be anppbed, Ko. 24 Qtd Slip.CATARACT WASHING MACHINES,^_ IXVAXAIBLT 3TAXD THX Tx«T OT UJJX. "Exhibition and Salesroom, No. 494 Broadway.MOFFAT'SLIFEPILLSANDPHOENIXBITTERS.—In all Liver Complsfntsv Bilious Diseases, Acidity of the Stom- ach, and for lndigestii-n and all its frisutful exhibitions, these medicines act in a brief space, and will effect a radical cure. Sold by W. B. MoWAT, das broadway, N. V., and by all druggist*.heturned up.at Baltimore, on the tolling of the inadequate expression of concera; although crape Presidential bell. En route, the Parson stoppedcoining up with a good color, aod potatoe* look fiu-ly,expreesion* of bvstiliiy to Slavery, in palliation of armed attempts tution wbich requires the sumuder of fugitives slaves; and heor Kerry, they will take Engli«h laborers withTho dealer, informing us• ax upon emigrants, 2,738 of which class have ar- nvedjjbero since the Ibth inst., and 26,647 since the ill of January. But even if there should be any vi'knt of funds from this source and the large balance on hand, the law allows the Commission- ers .to] borrow—a privilege of which they have already availed themselves to the amount ofblo#eOm8, and the fruit i« n;>vr forming abundAntly. Of couree, tfcis is good weather to give the weeds afriend nud political supporter. These things gave him a holdupou the Republican sentiment of the country, und a weight of of Gov. Seward's principles and aims tin The Bos- authority in everything relating to Gov. Seward, to which neither ton Courier. It is fit that The N. Y. Times ' old hlaii of The OLobe,' as Mr. Greeley styles him, nor. bothin Ireland, unless as rare exceptions.supposed that the incumbered Irish estates sold under the act of Parliament for t h a t purpose,. start; look oat l<r them.time" wifl save mach irksome labor in the way of weeding. ._desired to see all those who eat the Government them, and reduced the Democratic party through- bread, expressing a decent concern -lor the poo|- out the North to its present imbecile condition, to old gentlemanwhose hand feeds them. In many bojobliged,after all tpsubmitto the North in thematter both of platform and. candidate. Yet how they are going to avoid this, and still keep the party together, does not appear.me a natural' fool will, believe that, while I wasstrenuously .urging that the Delegations from Penn-sylvania, New-Jersey, Indiana and Illinois, must be labor, operated in the same direction. The falling innocence, a barber himself—we cannot but ad-regarded as authority as to < who could and who pff in the amount of remittances sent to Ireland,could not be carried in their respective-States, Iat the same time insisted'that the- New-York Dele?gationwereignorantormisguidedwithregardto effectually.toputatemporary,checktoit.-Itwas prettysolidonetoo. Crapeupontheleftarm,we incommercialaffairsWasperfected, andrecently the probabilities in their own State; but I have no natural, therefore, that these causes having spentwords to waste on these. There were letters, in their force, the emigration thus temporarily cur-Chicago from; several of the purest and ablest• tailed should return again toits old limits. ARepublicans of our. State, whom I am pre- short crop, followed by a very severe Winter, ap-pared to name if required, representing that Gov.Sewa rd could yot carry '.this State—that the pub-' ment,, while the facilities lately furnished for past- dent, we should have been willing to see Pecklie dipgust at the doing* of our late Legislature wasso intense and: general th:>t it would -visit on hisheadthesinsimputed'tocertainofhisactive,con-E. AMTXOXT, No. Sol Broadway.Cafslognew sent, on receipt of Stamp. Photographic' materials formed the Union, and axe a manifest breach of faith and a viola-. hundred times asked whether Gov. Seward attracting:-a.good. deal, of notice on the part of thecould carry this State; and I am sure I. uniformly British journals. ... That emigration received $bitterest hostility to myself. I do^not complain of P U R E W H I S K Y . — 5 0 barrels 8. T . Suit's Salt tbis«, nor am I surprised at it. Indeed, afier seeing. If this explanation of this highly-important trans- to a still further diminutippj. and consequently tp action cannot be received, we must e'en cast ab*6ut. incliujed, but felt a delicacy in"natning it.".River Bourbon, for sale byATWATKX, MnuroKB & Co., Noa. 35 and 37 Broed-atfor another. TWr. Peck may.have had a. mortal mo- the. gradual extinction of the small holdings of tive. Mr. Peck, may have cbgitated upon the cor-from ten to fifteen or twenty acres, and their con- rupting influence upon servant-maids of a thrifty' t oan |l)urang-Ontnng. I take it that he is a cross be- twejm, the "Onrang-OntHng and a Louisiana tlroele. Godjl^n his wife dispensation has given a: face .and. F A I R B A N K S ' S T A N D A R D S C A L E S .ADAFTXPTOKV7.XTBKAXCH07BCSTXXSS. 1.WAXXUOVSX,No.189BROADWAI,N.Y.." diated nil further political friendship for and alll- self that Mary-cannot safely take in a letter chinery,suchasreapersandmowers,operatesinbrought:bya,bearded.postman. Butwhat-countenancetoSlidellwhoHeintendsshallserveas"an•3. Mr. Raymond proceeds to state that I had, solidation into large farms; after the English moustache; and Mr. Peck may have satisfied him- ''\j.n November,' 1854. privately but*di8tiuctly, repu- fashion. The introduction of agricultural ma-W « e a n n o t t m a e r t a k e t o r e t u r n r e j e c t e d C o n n n u n i c a r i o n a . No notice can be taken of Aoionyxnoo. Commn^Hona.W! What- everisintendedfor inaertioa "^^^SS^S&ffiSlSifif name and addrvss of the writer—rtoi noceaiwrDy for pubUoa.;prospect of that as of the anglified Ireland, J letter-carriers of Bror;klyn will now be contpllledwhich that journal would like to see on the fo d^>. For to their credit be it recordedlhatother side of .the water. The annual in they yielded toPeck and patriotism; and are everycifeape of pur -population by natural meanL. day lathered and scraped into a trustworthy Con-tion. botaaaimarantyforhltffOod^ftiUK . BurinoM letter- for T H » TniHirx* .honldin all esses be ad-dressed to HORACB GMururr * Co. j•W:W e*,;'-' 'H^rpassed thethe' signature of the President, and trust that there will be no delay in constructing the line.ident at this-time unwise and unsafe; and none For the Core of the following forma of diaeaae, moat of which We need it more than we do a telegraph .to can have failed to understand that I did my be,stkilling Douglas off as a Presidential candidate, bat The Times, but in no measure from THE TRIBUNE. "after appear upon parade without breeches;" ijipoo the adoption;of such a platfdrm as will eitherude the North in tbe matter of the Kansas*brasia bill in the evident pursuit of Southernoriginate inDYnMaVaiA.Liver Complaint, Chronic Diarrhea. Nervona DoHHty, St Vitna' Dance. Neoxalida end N«rvoo» Affectioo*, Lo*» of Appeut*. Headache, Languor and Depression of Spirit*. Scrofula, Carbun- eiea and BoilaTPUe*. Scurvy. Affectiona of the Skin, Conaump-at Chicago to prevent that nomination. My ac- count of "Last Week at Chicago" is explicit on tbat point. True, I do not believe my influenceThe Delegations from those. States, with the and the consternation was only abated when it wascandidates for Governor in Pennsylvania and decided, after a careful construction of the order,Indiana, whose representations and remonstrances that they might appear—in pantaloons I Authori-rendered the nomination. of Gov. SewaTd, in the tyis always over-fond of dictating in matters of ereignty doctrines.eyes of all intelligent, impartial observers, a clear raiment and of personal appearance. Everybody | [j After ! all that has happened, it is nojt act of political suicide, were nowise instructed or will remember the high and mighty personage who gurpriMng that - the slaveholding faction of impelled by me. They acted On views deliberately was so scandalized by the old apparel of young the> party shonld be so little inclined to trnsjb formed long before they came to Chicago; they Jean Paul Richter, arid whose remonstx*ances gave Douglas. Having betrayed aBd attempted toletter from Gov. Seward, upon the candidates- tt^e Titn^nck**. Bronchiiia, f.hloroaU, Leucorrhea, Prolapsua nominated at Chicago and his own relation to the was J-Ocontrolling as the defeated are disposed to- Uteri, and all di*ea*»>i peculiar to f«roal«a, and all compbnnta ac- / con>panied by general debility, and requiring a tonic or alterativerepresent it; but this is not material to the issue. It is agreed that I did what I could. ,- medicine.t-' rDtox rx THB Btoon.Republican party. Those who now violently main-tain that no one had a right to choose any butGov. Seward from among the various statesmenpresented before that Convention, can find/ in. the Chicago I commended myself to the confidence ofIROX IX m x BLOOD.NKW-YORK, Nbv. 17,1K>9.acted as the, settled determination of their fellow- riseto the celebrated "Clothes Controversy," and citizens had prescribed, and as the preservation and possibly—who knows?—to tho far-famed Sartor*•-2. It*is not true—it is grossly ««true—that at delegates "by professions of regard and the mostcovsrt attacks thereon, with a view to its overthrow; and that all' as our standard-bearer. such attacks axe in manifest violation of the mutual and solemnpledge to protect- and defend each other, riven by.the Stat^,respectively, on entering into the constitutional compact whichtIavsecured for his remaining days f He can shale at>| <utjes,i» ready to| taVe <'ommiiisipnera g• •...;.. TT^7H^L*—J:M^Uw.'SH ."V-IS.-...I>Onr friends in CHICAGO can ebtajn Tnx TRIBUXK of J. C Mc- wherever it could be made mott effective, for the avowed rrison x03e of hii H5ed th^'ee^ I believed stinctlyand exj.Will The Postkndly inform c« ii tion the. right OB A^d expresihly afiij:.'TIttAGKEHlJFroflSjjeoisi Dispatch L> T:W-ASHIXThe Tak-iff bill taien up in the l'ji1and Hr. Hunfei ersduniil tlieapf.r or Unary legis&iti<i avnare t h a t e|v''r> pio«pect8. and.ti:.| dx]atory conrse wII ofi by indirection i.la the da \Of ad vc: y. much 1 y Mr. j Finance Cttnmit tbx House r>:olut;o1 progressed ;is to be..ate. Atpretentthe fix id. by the Honsej cannot be a >n|e wijbujb tiie app 'opriat limiteol cop; iaerr. t j , ' -MEL EVfLetters lave be soliciting thu opinl<[ ac< eptance < >f th'1 hihitiug sone i*ioa geierally ad ised tt the Conven ion ac vis on for su ;h a c« clined, that lecisio pnmptly, to. hav* Beiides,ititeontt invjlve him n en:!>:: %iIBbelieved that<1 onljcauseofhe.sitaNAIAT fc Co., and of N o w fc Hrt>a..that Gov. S had never aided or advitedi hit -levation to offlce—that he had never recognized his claim to such otllcinl promotion, but had tolerated the elevation of men known to he obnoxious to him. and w h o had rendered far less service to the party tlmri ho had done,—no use was made of tbl« knowledge in fjuarters where it -.would have disarmed the deadly effect ft his pretended friendship for the man, whom upon ho vvaa thus deliberately wreaking the, long, hoarded revenge of n disappointed office-seeker. He was still allowed to repre- sent to the delegations from Vermont. New-Ha'<trpshiro, Ohio, Indiana, and other States known to be in favor of Gov. Seward's' " JOUthe strongest groundshe had secretly cherished foryears-protectcd by thei forbear- ance of those whom'be assailed, and strong in the confidence or those upon whom he sought to opon^c—it is not strange that Mr. Greeley's efforts • shonld have bejtn crowned with success. Bnt it is perfectly safe to say that no ether man—certainly no one occupying a position less favorable for such an assault- uotdd»v. • LT..._ _ ..- 1J..1.„,7 +1,... «uoi<1f " xossibly have accomplished that result." W e deem it only just t o Mr. Greeley thas early to awardhtm the full credit for tho main roBult of the Gbi<aigo Convention, be- cause his own modesty will prevent his claiming it—at all events until the new Republican Administratlori shall be in a position to distribute iU rewards. It is not right that merit so conspicuous should remain so long in the shade. Even tho most transcendent services are in danger of being forgotten, in the tumult and con- fusion of a contested election; and w e cheerfully tender for Mr. Greeley's use this record-of his deserts, when he mayolaim at the hands of his new associates that payment for look of which he has deserted and betrayed his old onoa."—This carefully-drawn indictment contains a very artful mixture of truth and misrepresentation. Be it my first duty to analyze it, and separate these conflicting elements:1. No intelligent reader of THE,TRIBUNE hasfor months been left in doubt of the.fact that Ideemed the nomination" of Gov. Seward for Pres-;is now so great, that the annual Irish acces-Jsion is but a trifle, in comparison, and even this is more than offset by the German immigra- tion, which now Jargoly exceeds the Irish. The idea, therefore, that the, Irish is to become the leading and predominant element in our population,, seems to be quite destitute of foundation, even supposing that the whole six million of Irish should emigrate in a body, leaving their native country to be resettled more to- the satisfaction of The Times.So far, however, from English laborers invading and taking possession of Ireland, the.process atIrish laborers into all the large towns of England,T o Advertiser*.We must again request our advertising patrons to••'•!•dition. Whether the PostfOflice is to keep land maintain at the public expense a private barber we are not informed; but, considering the scarcity pfcashinthat department of public servicejwe would advise that all Postmasters, deputies, L d carriers be required to shave each other by a statute providing proper, penalties for needlessly- inflicted cuts and gashes.«•THIS OTMOCRATIC «KKVA^E.The discussions which are going on m the United States Senate and elsewhere have very little dency to close the crevasse which the Cbarlc'ecession has opened in the Democratic party. jhe contrary, th* more the flood of debate trough it the wider it grows. Douglas mtdetermined to insist upon hi« doctrine of Terriio-spirit and tone of this letter no warrant for eitheri " zealous friendship for Gov. Seward, but pre-" ble result of his nomination." The very reverse Prewldent of Metropolitan Bank. the reception of the Japanese, it is well to an- of this is the truth. I did not, and do not, seethat they were influenced by me, other than as I may say, whirlwind of its misfortunes, was all in- n<|>t, in hopes of a reelection, lurch over to litewas by them, does them the grossest injustice. <' adequately supported by tho gentleman who hadInview of thepreparationsinvariouicitiesfornounce that the embassy will certainly remain/in that personal friendship or aversion has anything.- ,,"•"'PersonssufferingfromanydiseaseforwhichthePeruvian mittee.• Rev. Axxz. STBVXX*,Editor Christian Advocate and Journal.,JOHN G. N x x a o x ,Firm- Nelson t Richmond, No. 81 Jdhn-st.Kxv. P . CHVXCH.IRON IX THX BW>OX>.T-TO my mind, it was the imperative duty of the to do with the matter; and I made no professions Convention to regard the triumph of the causeHtpjthern side? Before another election of Presi-1 charge of the Navy Department, who regulated, dent comes round, tbe apporiiooment based upon"Washington through the next week, and may, per- haps, not leave that city until the middle of thehowever, the whiskers of the midshipmen by a noble proclamation. When George.III. found a pedicular horror in his soup, he ordered, everybody in the kitchen, chief-cook, pastry-cook, turnspit, andtbe census about to be taken'will give a greatly in- creased strength t o the North—a consideration not l*l:ely to be without its effect upon a man of Doug- Lasjs ambition and flexible principle*. As the com-for anaatcors and the «zad«u . . tion of the most solemn obligations. •"8. Resolved, That tho Union of these States rests on the, Vixva vw R.K*'»Kyrr» ,orp f>rrr-Ooox G&otrrs TAKXX. I equality of rights and privileges among its members, and that it fiATCHEJLOR's JBtAffi B Y E , Wig., and Toupee I is especially the duty of the Senate, which represents-the StatesFactory. H«. 1&Bond^t Pifyate entrance forladiea. The Dye J in their sovereign capacity, to resist sdl attempts to discriminate sider the New-YorkDelegation thchighest author- panic of 3.857, and the diminished demand thence•? imp-ovement|can effect the humanegive advantages to the citizens of oue State which are not equally assured to those of every other State."decline in the prosperity of the Western farmers, and their ability and disposition to employ hiredAn amendment to the second of these resolutions, offered by Mr. Harlan of Iowa, to the effect that free discussion on the morality of Slavery, or free speech, or the freedom of the press, should never be interfered with, was rejected. Pending tbe questiononthefourthresolution,theSenatead-journed.ior. HKWAMJ>-1JUThe Hon. Henry Jk Raymond, of Tim N. Y. Times, has returned from the Chicago Convention to Kew- York, and, with his constitutional addiction to crooked wa>s, appears to have taken both Spring- field,Illinois,andAuburn,N.Y.,onhishomeward route, paying court alike to the rising and the set- ting sun. A narrative of his observations and gleaningsattheresidencesrespectivelyofGov. Seward and Mr. Lincoln appears in TheN. Y. Times of yesterday, having for its undisguised animus thef-prson Brownlow, ^so.y'clept, of Tennessee, is digioso-political authority of tbe first water, th. No Southern Convention is complete taste. Mr.' Buchanan was undoubtedly entitled to without him. The Parson was at ' Charleston some sign of sorrow and sympathy, and to some wBeji the plan of rendering the South independentGOV. RAYMOND. A CAUD. .upon both arms and both legs should have satisfied the most faithful and affectionate Postmaster: Considering, however, the condition of the Presi-at |Washington--a .place where Southern gentle- mejp have ruled since the formation of the Gov- efnjnent-—an4- where of course the greatest evi-him figure at Chicago in tho character of an advo- cate of Gov. Seward's nomination for the Presi- dency, in view of y,hat he has and been, pub- licly and privately, throughout the last two event- fulyears,Ideemmyselfhardlysusceptibleofsur-priseatanythinghemaysayordo.ThoughI have not desired to pursue the discussion thus iu- voked, I do not shrbk from it, and it seems to mewjas never even badgered' by the .New-York lobby into ijny averment iuconsisteit with this. \Jlie Parson pays tHe following complimenttor SlideU: ' '"jjlia face, countenance, and action, are all thojse ofThe'CELEBKATED^EHREKA SEWING-MACHINES, fair to copy so much of Mr. Raymond's letter- as " had never aided or advised his [my] elevation without occasional fluctuations, yet withput anyNo. 4Wt Broadway. D. J. LxVY, Sop't MlLWARD'S NEEDLES."WHKXXRX k W i t a o x * s Sxwtxa MACBIXKS, .has any personal relation to myself. . That portiongreat decline from the average of five or six yearspaflt. • "i - •:•:.-.! ', -t\; •---..>', ;•'.:;•';.,',•'.• : . :$:. j" own way, has met? with a merited check. Natureis as follows:jmind with a distrust which hud already done muoh to deworaMo the Republican party, and prepare the minds of its delegates in ConventfrmTorTWperadruureru*^7 ja a these cgeucjiioes were*followed "up. Mr. Grreelleyy wask.inCChh',i<cag8oseveral"3ay» before the hieetiug of.the Convention, and he devo-Iefeat of Gov Seward. Ho lahored personally with dolegates^aaVIthey nrrived-Mioniraeudiug himself« ways to their oonfideucoby 'p r o o f f et s s i o n s o f r e g a r d a n d t l i o m o s t z e a l o u s f r i e n d s h i p f f o o r r G G o o v v . . Fevrord, but presenting defeat,i crcn in 'Ncvf York,' as the iuovita-. bleresultofhisnomination.'. '. ,'/j" Mr. Greeley was largely indebted to the forbearance of those upon wh'onj he was waging this warfare, for the means of making it efl'ectunl. While itrwas known to some ofthohi that, nearly sixvoars ago—in November, 1854—he had privately, but dis- t i n c t l y , repudiated all further political friendthip_for and alli- ance with. Gov. Seward, and menaced him with' hi» hoitnlitytime, I^on)y fl.ay ibat) when Ijbad fully ^eofded tluitI would Dp i*^^ >rpersonal fo*lrtu,aeB, it seemed; due to'candor and ;fair dealing that I should-privately but in all franlL,ness apprise him of the fact.} It .Wft8 hot'p08«ib|e t h a t I c b u l d i n a n y w a y b e p r o f i t e d b y w r i t i n g t h a t letter; I wellunderstood that it involved an abdi- cation;of all hopes of political advancoment; yet it seemed due to my own character that the letter should be written. Of course, I never dreamed that it could be published, or used as it^keady has been; but no matter—let us have the letter in »rint—and let the public judge between its writer and his open and covert assailants. T, at allevents, ask no favor, and fear no open hostility* 4. There are those who will at all events Relieve tbat my opposition to Gov, Seward's nomination at Chicago was impelled by personal considera- tions; and among these I should expect to find the Hon. Henry J. Raymond.. With these, I have no time for controversy; in their eyes, I desire no vindication. But there is another and—happily- far larger class, who will realize that the obstacles to .Gov. SewnrdVs election were in no degree of mytime into the Bdrth of Ireland^ and the complete ited'everyhonr of the interval tb the most steady and relentlessrosecntionoftheniaiu bnainess which took^nifn thither—thojBucbanan by his devotion to tbe art tonJoriainx<\ "theRepublican cause, regardless of personal con- C;ose as many suppose the contest is destined to Mr. Davis's famous resolutions, which have so siderations. • And this is exactly what I did.. bo, and doubtful as they may deem its issuA I longbeenasubjectofdiscussionamongtheDemo- When a New-Yorker declared, in the open wouldnowg»a'dlygiveawaythetensurevotesof cratic members of the United States Senate, were halL of the Tremont House, that "everybody Rhode Island and Connecticut to gain the nine acted upon yesterday. There are seven of them, 'f admits that Gov. Spwajd 'is . the leader and votes of Missouri. After this, if. it had seemed tocovery or apprehension'has moved the mighty mind of Postmaster Peck of Brooklyn, we do rot know;slayeholding interest can expect, with any confi-dence, to control tbe policy of the Government, it" representative man of the Republican party,"" 1. Jttaolred, That, in tbe adoption of the Federal Constitution, I as openly responded: "No, Sir.r hero is one States for Gov. Seward than for: any one else, Ithe States adopting the same acted severally as free and independ-ent sovereignties, delegating a portion of their powers to be exer- "who does mot admit it. He is one of the lead- should have struggled for him as ardentlyas, I didfor the purpose, have received orders incontinentlyto shave their upper Dps, under pain of dismissaland three were adopted, as follows:me possible to obtain one more vote in the doubtfulOthce, No. 504 Broadway, New-York- cised by the Federal Government for tbe increased security of "ing men'of pur pai-tyj but there are others' against him, even though I had known that the rach ngainst dangers, dnmettic as'well as foreign; and thitt any.GROVER &. BAKER'S NOISELBSS FAJUZ.T SxirtXU-MACKIXXA..intermeddling by any one or more States; or by a combination of "as deserving a« he i«," or words to that eflect. Raymonds who hang about our party wereto be their citizens, with the domestic institutions of the others, onany pretext whatever, political, moral, or religions, with the Hundreds heard this; thousands heard me at all his. trusted counselors and I inflexibly shut out view to their disturbance or subvention, is in violation of theConstitution, insnlting to the States so interfered with, endanger* times:and.in, all. places repol.the suggestion that from his confidence, and favor. If there be any their domestic peace and tranauillity—objects for which the Con-'•'; j United States which, the* present season exhibits,As to New-York, I think I was at least a compared with that of two or three years past, isyond myhas tended to facilitate tho elevation to the Presi- dency of a statesman cherishing the pronounced An^i-Slavery views of Gov. Seward; it is only on questions of Finance and Public Economy that there has been any perceptible divergence between us. Those anti-Democratic votersof Pennsylva- nia, New-Jersey, Indiana, and Illinois, who couldpowers. Thewholecourseof T H E• not be induced to vote for Gov. Seward, have de- one morning petrified by the following portentous rived their notions of him in some measure from order from.the Horse Guards: " Officers will here-1J responded affirmatively, urging delegates; to con- sudden and violent check in Consequence of t h e countries and'ages it has been customary to goueNot cohtent with this rational view of the caser The London Times goes a great deal further. IfNo! W Warren-st, NeWjYork.^ • Mr. Greeley has fallen into the latter mistake. Wfth the gooer-o»ily which belongs to his nature, and which a feeling not unlike private letter which I did write him in Nov., 1854, ' Celtic inhabitants, while the United States are to sive cultivation leads directly to total depravity?These Needle* are made by hand, and' of the best donble- ; UiOn to be tb«» hi»torian of bi» own exploits. If ho be a vain man, refinedEnglishCaa^Sieel,andWARXAXTXDMUrxKioxTOAIX< }hewillexaggeratehispersonalinfluence;ifhebeanover-niodo.it 0TBXXS. J. FXKD. MltWARD, [ one, ho will underrate it. It in xcarcely necesHarv^o Kay thttimpossiblenottoseethat.Gov. Sewardis its responsible source. I therefore call on him for thepriety,enji /Vrazors .'"and who can doubt which we are to listen to that journal, Ireland, by the is right? • Beards may be picturesque; but is it progress-of this emigration, is to be emptied of her not notorious that their too assiduous and exten'-"XYON'S ISTHAIRON at $21 per gross, cash, for! rrmonv may have stimulated into unwonted activity, he awardssaleby ( HAUI K*DOWXXX- NO.44 Cedar-st. | HILL'S HAIR DYE, 60 CENTS, BLACK ORbe jturned into.r&new Ireland. "The daymav 'Vc(tme„?' so wo-'are told,, "when Ireland will boDoesnot lather well laid oppenetratetothein-most recesses of the heart; and give a snowy purityAl'.xowi*. 1>3B*T ix Usx.—Depot No. 3 Barclay-st.. and sold brailBarclay-st .') nated the Convention, than by any direct labor* of any of theproijped a fund.ug papers" of the weekly statement of theK*.member that -* * stitch inhis *ou-, could for a moment 'ay cl«im IJin voice was potential•prrvinrrly wli«ei) Gov. ^ w a r d was stroiiwist—because it was aup-pos«d to bt«that of a fri«Jid, strong in m» per»«<nal attachment fired on from an ambush, demand that tho letter, would pass largely into English hands. The re- and devotion, and driven into opposition on this occasion, which I have not seen since I sent it,,shall no*o!«-ly by the de*pkiriiig conviction thai the woU'are ofth« eountry and tbe. triumph of the Republican cause longer be thus employed. Let me have the letter",I observe that to-day's Tainrxj? contains a Ions;personal ex- planation from Mr. Oreeley of the part which he took in the ao-says "'beards."* but Elegance, Virtue, and. Pro-toothers the credit which belongs transtcendeutlyto himself. The main work of thu Chicago Convention was the defeat of Gov. Seward: that was the only specific and distinct object toward which its conscious efforts wer»» directed. The nomination which it finally made was purely an accident, decided far morethatImayprintitverbatiminTHETRIBUNE;andleteven' readerjudge how far it sustains the chargeswhich his mouth-piece bjise.s thereon, /maintain. "no-more. Celtic than this. Scotch lowlands are tvthe character? Is pot a smooth chin symboli-Druggists. IrdxrHable Cutting of Hair and "Whiskers at No. 1 by the shouts and applause of the va»t concourse which domi- that it does not sustain them; but I have no copy " ^iixen, the'Eastern •CoUnt.ies Danish, Cornwall cal of a serene temper? Does not stropping sug-" Phceniciam, or Ireland;itself Milesian or Span- gest,polish ? - Look at our grandfathers ! they sa- well known in the cure of Tan, Tetter, Fimple*, Freckles, and more, than the whole, family o[ Bluirs, together, with all the while it remains in the hands of niv adversaries. " isii." So far as Ireland 'itself merely is con- credly and sometimes sanguinely scraped them-••HI>V.*.,.!....I -.I • — —GOURAUD'S ITALIAN MEDICATED SOAP is too andinthatendeavor.Mr.Oreeleylaboredharderanddidtenfold ofthe letter, and I cannot discuss its contentsdelegates. The great point aimed at was Mr. Soward's defeat:issionersat their meeting on Wednesday, ount on hand is $26,408 17. From this ibe Treasurer deducts payments yet to be and reduces tbe balance to §13,939 92. Everj]this sum, if iipt a^large surplus, is amply suf- ficienjt' to pay the expenses of the Floating Hospi- tal, wljieh are not likely to be more than $i$,(»00 per ldpnth for tbe next four months, whilo at the Let us illustrate! Wo bought, at a street stall' >amejib*me it will be constantly added to by theall Skin Blemishes, the past 20 years, to need eulogy. It is still Gubernatorial candidates, to whom he modestly hands over the'to be had at the old established depot 67 Walkcr-st; Mxn. honors'oftke effective campaign. He bad special qualifications, to be used at their discretion. I leave to otherscerned, The Times, which has no great partiality selves with every rising sun, ofieiing honor thusHays, Brooklyn; Fates. No. 129\Va»hlngton-«t.,(Boston. as well as special love, for the task, to which none of the* others could Jay any.claim. For twenty years he had been sustaining the political principles and vindicating the political conduct of Mr. Seward, through the columns of tbe most influential politicalall judgment as to the unauthorized use which hasfor the IrKih race,.\vould be.'well.enough, satisfiedto beardless. Apollo; and how virtuous they were!bults made upou them: he had urged his reeleVtion to the Seie te in the face of all sentiments which had made him obnoxious OBportion of his constituents: Jie had gone far beyond him inbe their substance, being dispensed to Memberswhen English agriculturists take farms in Gal wayberries are particularly fine; the vines get very full of w*s known to huve been for mom than twenty years hi* personal raded in the columns of such devoted champions fake farms in Galway or Kerry, or anywhere elseHon. James Buchanan.that the little woik of art w;as not to him of thesmallest value, would have compelled us to acceptit as h gift, but we forced twopence into a hand thattrembled with joy. That patriarchal portrait isnow before us. There is virtue in every line ofthat charming face. There is not a hair upon $200,(K)0, and which they could be nover more cheek, or chin, or $>. The nobility, the purity, justifi jd in resorting to than in an emergency ofSXVKKK PKOST IN VxKMOjrT.--A letter from New- dttmancU-d the. sacritice. Kor moru than six months,| Haven, Addison County, Vt., o'ated May 22, gaysi thron«h th* columns of TKK TIIIBWNK, Mr.' Oreeley had b«oft —not a copy, but exactly what I wrote—and the tenancy of the landja should pass largoly to prrusjing the w»y for tlds consummation, Doabts of Mr. Sow-;**Ai«veTeblackfrostiaupont'i»*groundthismorning,ward'spopularutrrngth—insinuatedratherthanopenlyutturod:;' itshallappearverbatimineveryeditionofEnglishfarmers,ofwhichthereisatpresentno "xnHwmiotiM of local pr««judic«* and animosity against him ; hintsthis sort.Thp' closing paragraph of the Treasurer's iiotejFruit,Ithink,mustberuined,&rtheiceisaneighth of an inch thick."thatpaiti*sandmenhostiletohimandtotheRepublicanorgan- THE TRIBUNE. The public will then judge prospect,theywoulddoubtless continue to culti.- ization must be conciliated, and their support secured; and a how far the use hitherto made of it to my vate4hem by Ifis'h labor, of which, notwithatand-and the general loveliness which this smoothnessgives to the countenance - are. almost painful tocontemplate. Aa it beams upon us, its lips well- does iibt seem to us as quite candid. If the nigh move, and, we might fancy • them saying} Marine Hospital is not provided witfc propoJ "Here'sVirtue! here's easy staving! Go thouand attendants, theneglect canonlybeattributable to" .•- '.*?•'• fssssassnew-born x^a] fornttti(,ualL:iiig the party by.conauJling the slave. 4•if such a change, cou^ be. wrought in. the popula- Look at the increase of beards, and think of theGKOWISG WJCATHKR.—We could not> atslc for more ueswpaper in the country. He had infu<ed into the popular already been made of thi^ private and coniidential tion.,; But to bring.it about there must be not increase of crime !„. Mjscry, has: come with themind, especially throughout the Western States, tlte most pro- letter, only remarking that this is by no means Only an emigration from Ireland, but an immigra- mutton-chop whiskei\aiid moral madness with the found and thorough devotiou to the Anti-Slavery sentiments. favorable -weather for the growth of vegetation than we are e»joying at present. Tne ground is moiet, and the atmosphere warm, earning vegetation to thrive very rapidly. Tbe gra** is gtn>d in pascuxe*, and-the mowv in'g-loti* will >oon afford a pretty good swuth.of Congress from Gov. Seward's dinner-table inaa ako do aD garden vc^fctaJ>les and fr nit. Tbe straw foritu overthrow, and in assault* npon that clause of the Consti- Washington; I have seen articles based on it pa- them. But aq yet English agriculturists do notviInch.had given charecU-r to Mr. Seward's public career; he hadindicated bis opinions upon Naturalization and up>u tlterganization of the' Know-Nothing party from the as- I have heard of its contents, or what purported to pearance nor occasion. The Times.suggests thatmustache.the other day a lithographic presentment of thethe first time it has been employedto like purpose!tion into it, "of which as yet there is neither ap:should follow in their footsteps; but I, who am thusby which of late years the emigration has been so largely sustained, must have woi-ked still morepears to have added a special stimulus at this mo-Althoughthepotatoro-,andtheconsequentex- hands: ButPeck-is Oriental in his tastes; andspicuous friends; hut I did not circulate these let- tinetion of the system, former;y so much in vogue, the poor penny-postmen may thank their starsthat he has not commanded them to wear sackcloth shirtsandtosit,duringtheirleisurehours,innevertheless carry the State; and I am confident I keep up the current of emigration. W e refer todeniipsfour. 5.air jl ainted with the aroma of jailbirds, and he ex-ters "nor indorse the opinion therein expressed. Ithought,andstillthink,.thatamuchheaviervotecould and would be rolled up against Gov. Sewardthan against any other man, especially if Douglas ical changes are still' going on, which . tend were his opponent; but I believed that he wouldperiencedincitementstobreakoneof the leading **iorp mandments.; •Thus he describes it::ii CTpon coming out of tho Alexandria boat, and .bresithingtbeatmosphereofWashington,Ifancied thai I felt inclmation to steal something", and so stated'tonly;comrades. Some of them remarked, in reply, '•tbatijUiere w a s something i n the atmosphere of tho plac^;that inspired such feelings, for they felt that waysages in steamships direct from Ireland have given an additional impulse to tlte migratory .movement.going a little deeper, to tho extent, let us say, ofcrape upon the hat and black gloves upon theof honor and, honesty ought to bo But it seems that the Parson felt "the very"ancewithGov.Seward,andmenacedhimwiththesamedirection.Itisreasonable,therefore,toevermayhavecompelledhimtoacoursesoadymasetnenttotheworldofmmikindnottomistake"hostility wherever it could be made most effect- i v e ; for the avowed reason that Gov. Sewardexpect 'that .for some'years to come the Irish emigration will continue to maintain itself, if not. virtue is exceedingly indebted to Mr. Peck.himnor an honest man!"Beside this, the Parson gave to a street-beggar adraff at sight on James Buchanan, for his sharo ofthe rofits in the Public Printiug, and such other jobs} S he may be considered a partner in.Tw statement of Mr. Treasurer Wlieeler does not # all invalidate'the point of the article in THE TRJMJNEofTuesdaymoining,whichwasthatthe Coix&nlissioners of Emigration are required by law to par*rry into effect the Quarantine arrangements for the protection of the port from the iutroduc- tionftof foreign diseases^to do which the law hasturns show, however, that they have been all lostexclusively purchased by nativeIrishmen. Even ifUntitled DocumentIt was—(Irish, still left the poptdatibneubstantiaUy Celtic.J:Asto iw^^* ^ ^ ^ 5 ^ w S ^ P S f t ^ ^ ? i ^ % P ^ ^ » " * 0 w i t , i n d a w n ; h e c a n s H t v e a t d m n e r - t i m e ; a n d h J c a a•••I.'; :-/.':?theseUnitedStates,thereseems;just asU t l eshave at night. And that is precisely whaflho»SVf, -Ct'iti&Even the largef.Scotch,' emigration m Cromwelljs'•> in7,vlbW with fiaidefiBne«s;*an4 wanted menIjliovfclabor, especially at harvest time, is performed by i;he Presidency. In fact, 'these two point* areio 'mixed up in the minds of both factions .that ftbutweareinformedthatallthelettercarriersat- i8;jthemore,importantthat,ifaPresidentisto-'be tached tohis office, having been gathered together-• | 'MR. SEWARD'3 A dispatel was felected by their voteV, he should be a man on wli08e fidelity they can rely.from office; and we are further informed that let- •'IThis forecast of the future may also serve inters are now delivered by postmen in the smooth- part to explain the anxiety of the ultra slavehold-est condition of beardless virtue. Only a clump of ers to obtain the insertion of their views, on the beard " beginning just at the zygomatic arch,^' ^layerv' question as a part of the Democratic creed. will the post magisterial functionary permit. Not -The doctrine of Congressional intervention for the a hair more .' Mail-matter is now, therefore, dis- protection of Slavery in the Territories, if it fails tributed in Brooklyn with accuracy, speed, and now, will stand still less chance of adoption by honesty, by smooth-lipped Mercuries. So much any future Convention, in which, under the effectHORACE GREELEY. . reform in the Poet-Office Department having been of(thenewapportionment,theNorthern ascendency, attained, we may reasonably hope for weightier wilt be still more decided.mire his devotion, although wo doubt his goodcannot but feel, would have been a ridiculouslystem; we xannot but /eel that the cause of"rive him out of the party or compel him to:por- hase the privilege to remain in it by humble sub- mission', and an abandonment of his Squatter Sov-.'I • • i'••j'l • M•laenber of. the N< v to the effect :hut m Seriate by the 1st of Deeded H>ooer pn an "wh: ch he had tak<•».- would obey a telesn THE CMy.r. Benjamin's h to contract for the r now in Florida,, a« be taken, and apunject, went through I to cne. • . '-.jiS, 1 he Judiciary Coi slov r in its action o to be acceptl'd uiihAccording to the reports in the Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 