 1.ducticii of the prices which those articles command1 -",.Antt«'a flonrishiapv1|trU)i-:I od'ihtand other a large trade in days goneamoag tba Bar net r^flbcttga has more and of Uie vrriter, will necessaiUy eomaaad the eaatui^ \of my tour thrMigitvillage to a place caD^ »oopsiB the utter stillness ol everythingQrjltsof tUsthe esUlos have SnlS^SSS^ TM'?"i"« tragedy at Harper's Ferryumiouriec.having shown, so far as theprosperity,flourishing,West, we fiad la one-half of Virginia,__ iand induatrioua a as peoplemaybe found in theexecution, cannot be adequately judged la aa isolatedtheand construction of the laws and Coa-iThe road thence, con- tinuing west, lies over a mountain densely coveredtlian the fierce denunciations which the way for it.preparedurrestricted power of regulating commerceboth ofthe Citypopnlation which tielouKS to an inferior order of tbe race." Tlieyshouldimmediatolybemadedavesby.;1properties;beto the serfs of Athelstane or Athe-region of party passions and temporary excitements, present has been provided by the Constitution for the decisionof questions at once so delicate and so intricate.There then remains no other withFederalConstitution,jsystemsof theJ Iof Jamaiban Creoleslet theseanday last letter..aehoonera,from whoae the American ensign peaks around.;"» CoafederacvWtota. theMoneagruetruth, that in themerely for bat bf^e cultivation,andr makeupoa Uie positions claiated to be tfeis. aatshllsiayUmof thethe road winda, lor several mile*,se, and one malum I ^r«ti>t(iim, doaatIm*and unwilling to work ii^^phtance, theyAfollowsFinP—The slave belongs to aa Inferior order of (fe*\,^^faidi regularlythe estates often have to go two andIn 1858 the Island oina producedof the political press, orciaarllycious agitation of the Slavery questionof w hich tbeis limited to aprastical resultsdoes It'been nursed tomaturity,inseventyshortyears,not;more to the manifestations of sensibilitypubUcsentl-;ing must feel aad achnowledgevritiunit their wages;t mtoat be paid for.Potatoes and principles liave When the millennium corneamciit it elirlted in other States.Grave and reflecting and devoted men, who had" out of the labornot needed Manufactures growsupposedlonging to this Confederacy, ssytog nothing of thatI 1bstwaen theof St. Anne aadas its and satiate the products satisfy;!themselves,if thesethingsitmay.It afforosquite'^^ftie pathmyselfthissoli. It will not be cultivated when its fruits must perish on hand for want of a market. And is it not mani- fe St that this muft be henceforward more and moretheir market value.ever cheritbed an unshaken the one or the other branch of theirfor asricultureand labor will cease to be so neededwhich it hopes to acquireaad I have asvar Isaias*aM to may hopeparishesand institutions of allcompound government, and, hitherto, representativeemployed,decided wBstberfkCeof fine oldmahogany.The seldom negroesin widch 1 name them, held soleian and assemblages, such as have not been wltaeased before by the present geaeration, is which they denounced, in terms of ja^t and unmitigated abhorrence, the rrUne comruUtftl .iralnst tbe sj,.fety of a sister Stateand that answer should beby the thingscottt^nin Vireiiiia?in IbM. at a cos', of about t4S.0U0. for theton Paper Milia Comtiaoy, for toe manufactureCupon bys.-uiiing scene How would the,of Boston and Hkfb rusty throats tiueugh the crumbliac em- Phl'adelphia,rerovated life HI..I ve.diire.of abM.lolc f-ie ir •dr.pHlit-n;zeuaatat their huts when exceptWdescriptloatoSShSSTi^H'*" ''^*?^they are en- ISi^ySj .*,,*?'! "l"'?<"ous dissensions between an exa^ieratiag conflict on a sectional question con- Uoo tberela discussed. Not havlax s*ea tbe prarioasi31**He Finger Post," on the route to the north liteand in ^th.e fIn^eivjiurbSl'e Jtielnid.e"n"c""y "o'f, thoM dlasoBsioiis, If Inngtwnected with the domestic iDstitutions of a of the States, other and more operative considpeorattiioonns, resulting from physical and commercial laws, wouldarticle nCerred to, t prapos* t* malt* a fliV oamaHMsJ^1—Bdthesummitsofhills—nowup,nowdown— iOTielandsInUghcnltlvaUonInto' "Wthe village are neat and well-builtor street, as it should be called, is in proper repairgeneral impreaaion abroad that the Ja- overthrow of all those (tenerousIsland,the iura«Bs Inrmerely wish to give point-blank denial to a very ecsotusr,saesowfealcltaisonthferaught irtffc ruta to their own Inter-partsenough in this dry season, but axle-dee|F'<tar- iag^ainyweather,inared,slimymud. Th»I[ae- adeinizersareatworkhere. Withinthemataory af liTing man—and men among these mountaiaahopes ooend up witii theAmerlcaaMgg«*t*Utrii a* • expoil-—read until now. But two or three years ago andof Idaif he cannot giveI wish ta exhibitthesteady advance of Uiat salutary reaetioa which is;that,may aot bsIn (ad, k*.Hn a centuryit waa never essayed to repair theinhabltanu.enough.now it, office doingHatrtet^aama remark be made of all the roadMocoupleWe have now reached the north aide ofaor would thedivlsioa b«. to allme — mightAipaica showingTeryconclusivelylikcy of other days were not too dee:)lyArtte permanent prosperity of the Island, or toohss had aoaffordingIndispensable intercanrse and trade for the dally aada portion of their revenues m an ^1Sf^rt:'ni3'"pi:;^Uc:r^fe^mgbetw^;providedconscience,'nevertheless the fact Is not without aig-UaiOB, on both sldea of the and Alleghanyessentiallyit is suck offence, israallythaquastlaa tabe dlseuas*<-to '-**Bilig expendold mastera or (he Govammeat under wliich they reasonable mind can blame us for to, after the States ol Uie tributaries, to KeatScky aad recnrriag Nortiiwest, whil. thesedistinguished bousdary. Gam- bling has corns be almost a Batveraally ooacadaAHi^ of ancient or modern times would havd_BL Anne'aigsiMS It waaU liaaily I;political orgsalxatton, consequentlyadmits less excuse for a resort to revolutionary and loving and conservative slstar States, North Carolina extrs-consiltutkmal Bodeaof redress. and Teancssee.igd as they themselves now admit whe« t»ywhUe to otbaisitself among the offences kaoim only as ithtmfind themselves compelled to abandon the cuIBA- qpe piecesture.When I tud occaaion to ask for cocoa nuta, oiaagea, on the way side, the settler generally re-and, what is of mors '-^hiky of hands. They have succeeded in gettingsUtutiooal authority of the States. Wise and proper the one hand and reprisals oa the other. These bor-It remains for us to consider how the question, of the Union. It would b« unjust not to acknowl- race.of labor than mipst people deemed ,i-^tcmib\e, and their success has excUcd souia sar-try,dealt with upon the national forum. All standing They haagside of ths line, Pennsylvania, by the general spirit of her public policy, has well merited her the noblemust tie in a stato ofV&iser supplymust see that organized sectional parties, founded u[hto thaI,."is to control thesebut OBlythatorder orCertainly there is no warrant rar aasoailag QtoMsekonce a week, while laborers onandse aresort. Thestapleofthesotton desperate^JSomttlaaea,Hare was something to think aboutHardly had these first demonstraUons of popularfrom Congress the enactment of slave codes for thethe removal of all incentive to improvement, aad, la;may be, perhapa, apartment,developments that were takinggluttedthat the Plant- interestedwrongslittle weight that, fromwroags w*uU he that II Is ast true that tliMi of sugar, or carry it on at an extravagant egat oCHhe road, and have every appeannoe of b«nfI am notgoingBight- moltipUed, too <ar taandlossofstock,inconsequenceofbadroad*. AIttilyealtivated. The fences are of stone or fused log-aiaiple evil, itmaybesaid, andrequiringasimple imA,andarewellk^placed.so ascertaiaed by conseiaoce oran offence.reasoo, and Trhnthsrlemedy;of their constituents as areef tbe federal rompaei. Let the Legislature of Vir-incladtaig the mighty valley of tbe Mlsslsnppl, are tied together by natural basuia which aelther ths folly aor theiriSeance, that the first attempt to make daeanttA here and there marked vrith pasture, aad withnopaymentfor rendering so simple a service.Inot forbidden by the termsytaija is under a Democratic rigimt.apeak exclusivelyauthority,everyr.an ever permanenUy dissolve; separation should, at any future time, takeahould b« diseonrafeA—if oM, It encoaraged.~a good opportunity to see the labortsa ofsolute loafers and vagabonds that congre- idlers,necessaryandprr.per provisionfor the andifa strengtlienlagshould beThe portion of Hr. Woes, as to thisin districts where the planters have long and 'J^Z andTherefore, SlaveryI asstme that 11 is sot meant to assert, la the tnti.i,,^ .T...faittaily complained that they could getmdependanUy,friend,on UieImportant publicquestions of thethe country luie dark and angry clouds, whichthreat-,atJtt. "to build churches, are the same as idle,of nature and all the bounties of Providence. "sscial obUcations;that Indiana and llllaois for thethe language will hardly admit of thattomethe riddle,"Isay .-i^^fc," he answers, "the people are too i:ijbpoundto theplan-" is, beingto aa interior order ol tiie same»de too well ofT, here—too tickle, athitrary. and mcertain as to when they will work and when they won't work. They just do as they please- They work on the roads for a month, and th«i givemaytoUnion its centre. If not rend thesometimes seemed to be maaifested bv otliar of aaypositionof intoUeetual aadmoral cnllar*.peadent—the Northwestern border States, it Is a departure.th*B earn their daily bread. This may have been tion of the cotmtry, the circumstances which have on anti-social, sectional principles and sustained by from the normal condition of things, and must needs to tie a distinct race. It is aot qnito aa axtoOi aerelse and tluU up. This is the way they have treated na..as a Biember of theever or passed,by No possibility, pass.' itup.givearetreatingof theinstitution,not ofThen theyWellopinions are entitled to, I, never-take toknowing howcould, orwisemanshouldbegoodSow, to illustrate the character of the negro, I ahould like to show you in what style a body of <t men would clear fifty acres. They would work aawellandaacleverlyasAmericanbaclcaKMda-mastership ;power.,w .n„M,r,t no1l.ahbno,rtl»T» comfortablyown houses aright.somethingThey ride upon our backs. Sir. They work for na Indian cannot be India-confederacy.Pshaw !' Btit If I their services for six months I could not ; theywouldinsistongoingbacktoped- I would be unable,neighbors with regard to it ? Knowing ealy thatproper there is a powerful and apparentiy growing party in pect of reaching that equality? Axe tha Ignorant'These men lazy'Jim.jfeyarf? heroes.isame latitude throughout the world. The present point of view. It had both Its antecedenti and its.itantedma themi^ontheir ownJtr want of labor, to plant the land I had claaredthat awarningofI hadwould be and wasted,North and tba South. Withto thetheImme- toaninfisrlororderoftberace;" theyshouldbeim- "—you would say. Vive chameror zowas country, and, such,expended Myplansutterlyfrustrated." Sicloquitur. There is a great deal of truth in all this.respecti .'iika capital jThelatter, which'/'are the consequents. In regard to the former, it seemed but objects of judicial cogiilzancs. In the hands of the"aeer on the road, to the merchant, the small pro-Expoundto me the riddle," I say to the over-which weresteadilyandzealously provisions. prietor, or to any one whom I suppose to be par-with orange and pimento trees.months andthemenAA'Ilikethat-precarious crop.and a-half millions ofportionrepresent- public opinion, joined In the un-one,productionjhrcetoo, they lose their pay together."masMS ofptoduced four and a-half millions. The decline honors, but the impunitj of the olfender.and I did tfaiak about it—making a note thereoi; andvras owing to no lack of industry or enterprise, but etmply to the fact that the season waa a bad one.'Territories—a claim of no with reference importancepn.fitaWe ss in the exclusive cultivation of this staple,of all facilities for It is eaaeati- improvement.Bis ftrand that there was much truth in what I was cxapworthy of remark that thepimentodations of tbe canoidzed hero of insurrectiOB, comenon-siaveboldingStates—aadtbe goodsenseandloy- foreignitspracticaleffacts «berever it hasexisted. Itliaaaotnotea thereafter, to the same efl'ect. I tgid—that many proprietors of sugar estates areperhapsor 1858 was themanywhenanlargest reaped in virtual incitements to civil as well as servile war al'y and patriotism large majority people tants, thev can well afford, and it is their interest, to usly proved slave, destructlv*laailyimableto pay for laborand subscription for its circulation, signed bv sixty- clllation. ^^'e should thus see the common nuisanct But what is the situation ofthat, although want of labor that is, want of such a competition—eight members, actually or recent, of Congress. ThatVirginia? agri-tura is furnished, to the who depend upoa aa many,—"aa would prevent labor being tyrannical ia onemiles. The population, which is 25,823, body soon after assembled at Wathlngtonand thsof arti- cles which are the growth of every clime, aad ofindustry readered disrraceful by Slavery, it is th*for love. that I laid down (orpalladiumof tberightscoacluslvely this aball form Free or Slave Stales.get thingswith hardly a serious interruption of internal tran- quility.as a saffieiaat reasoa for tb* 0*a- tlnuatioa of the hepublicaa Party, or tbe orgaaisa-in ''M|cr was one of description, and I have wan- dend aomewhat. I return to the "Finger Poet" iatte parish of St. Anne. The district throughWhatever be tte abundance and of the fertilitywUch I have been traveling is composed entirely ^pasture land. Wl the settlers own a horse and atedi of some kind. Their cottages are very neat and tidy, and are shrouded with cocoas and plan-which the Constitution Numerous the guaranteesTand enormous driven taxes,produces,at thistime,cal would return New-Tork to ita •W applicatioB,tains. Mostoftheinterioroneshavebuta RMB. The pitch-pine iloor is carefully polishedathazard. SuchwastheMills m Uobth-Iporkbment,occupiesanothercornsr forthemys-by all. and, I am happy to see. a.'ethe SOthof a closet are unknownIDws, but blinds, placed cunningly for pnr-emnly expressedopiniontion more ana more to the diversification of her in-the stocka^JbntidingsI;glaasef ventilationand another table in themuch startled at theplace around tbem as the people of the Southernsupposed that heiIn lien af the markets of the world, the•»,000 Conway, W,»00.thereia and tba in the better clasa of huts, is sometime* aretire for the night. They conjrrej^ate at evening outside the dsor, and do all their cooking in the open air.lib one of herdened with taxationany known production of the earth,:Ih*il habits ol lile are singular andW*) eat when ihcy are hungry, and seldom aitand proi>cr remedydor to say so. And. if such is her opluioa, whydown to a family meal. Hence the frightful aior-peoplethembetter class of cottages, I havetality amongduringcholeravisitations. In invariablylbs. weight must be sold to ten differentftiyrotcolatihmeed,Constitution, and their determioation to persona, fulfUl earh and all of its obligations and pledges.remedyTe my mind, there are twobe enabled to throw herbooks—a ways the Bible, and notly the ponderous works of one Williamexcept perhapsthe doctor ormeetings various points in the interior of tbe Northern States, at wtiieh tha sameobiectlons against tbe acceptance of the invitation. Tbe first is that, upon an issue of so vital a characterhas com^iieted his aaaaai Tbe total resources of toe Comnwawaaita,WtUEBTOBCi,theWestIndian'sdemi-god.lodgedsentimentsment to the other States, aad of^ , .v . , we should hate ao tnore" the northern limit of the St. Annelight up,tkolr sovereign to do when the solemn crisismthin an hour'a drive from thereached. A large weather-worn cotton-tree, s«en floor andto the Constl- reiterated, if possible, wtth even an intenser that tbe nearer—decision and their action shall arrive. The otherU?siid itsmiUioiis, showing a preseat surplus of about lUa half millions, Tbe iotal receipts Into tbe treasaiy durine ihc year 19J9 amounted to $3,SIS,M5, ia«**-Ironi afar, is the whence the first spotwe approach to the great central heart of the naUoa. tb»str*n«er are thepulsat'ons for the maintenance of tbe UiKloa, in tbe spirit of mutual confideaee andus be content wiUicash oa baud Jan. 1 aad -the uyassatsof «».•* beach. But the precipice upon whichas it ia. It is;Jamaica. It occupies a suparficial area of 133of Slavery agitation, wblch now disturbs tha peaceard destroys the moral and political health of the Un- culture Is employed chiefly in the productioacause of the Island's scanty cultivation, yet an-other and more serious cause is want of capital. settlers. I waa charmed withbranch, wanting only a few votes of a majority of thegreat the demand. The There are hut few, I trust, who wonld wish dis- of a just piopoitiontoBut.necessary jectiouable features, legislate it iato goodness, weis the one essential thing needed by thefor its staudaid-bearer and candidate for the Chair. of the world, and where shall we see, evea as the soil, and happy, contented, and independent through a protracted and hitherto fruitless struggle of tional power and development, of public and privateMoneyJamaica proprietary.markets of the world—a state of now thingsjjifive no credit.the manufactures, the teeming agriculture, vhlchhavepor- and labor unprafitably employed inThey have no moneytheythe wheat of Virginia—and the growersTlie post obits, drawn in the dayaIs to divert from a agricultureof a flourishing Plantocracy, have been long since;capitalit, and deyote that portion to manufactures—thus,re»tiictloas.As to the criticisms upea tbe RepubUcaa Party,dna, and they exceed in amount, by a thousandby the same time, relieving the plethora of agricultureI simply recite facts, as they have transpired. My the quickening and vivifying iaflucnces of tbe Ameri- and a new demand for its at home. being a meisber thereof, I caa kardlybe expected t*fm cent., the actual vaiue of the property pawned.creating productsIn support ol these views, allow me to caU year at- teation to the folloK extract from an ua-theytbe United States were a nation bom. Hence thsIf bow thinSs, Vl.giaiattap'es— bythanforeign governments prlnur.fi paier,of which Sahvxl W. RaWB compaay:meetingsand the Press, in which hatred and denun-and It for the fabrics of other countries. fact,single ; may be that theattitude natur- ally and Instinctively assumed by the whole poDula- tion of Virginia, In the presence of the antisocial and menacing demonstration which immediately followeda bed stands in one corner, or itiaiiabitants make up their couches at night on die koma drifting in during a wholesionin other words, disunion—as the true and onlyaarroa,Throughunsiplalnad; a table, bearing all the crockery of ths es-yet I cannot but think, when it Is recollected thatrecognizedand bofoTM it could b* extingalsksd— there are no>n*ye are the remaina here of an old fort—ia apect of the scene. The conservative classes in theVirginia hss on more than one occasion, aol-day,ult.,Finger Post,''loyaltydemandingfar less—than harmony dedicated ouraa«tlM ocean can be caught. It is a wonderful plc- room whare I IUpintheeraaybad In afftcUoa la wbleb it w ai founded Sy our fatherb.tbequeathrdtto UJ. desiringto to.f3 21*. Theora'jsry expensesThe road can be tracedlogpd the hill-sidps, and descending; in slowslept,lay uponantiquerecentThesemors uanifeit>tion>,I cannotbutbefrom time to time--aad I have noTbe proosrty bolonglag to uaprcdneOvepft*.windingcautioaaly grad-If evils ariseto extenuate the magnitude of those wdbilsc^s2*4ILetbe lunatic4 c., estimated at tba actualttNana till it is lost among thethiiughmajorityU« peculiar felicity lUe as I havealreadycost t-'*" •"^"imiE;sorelybylegislationmoral. Probably, polygamy is not moiioR vnn; culti-unfre.has continued to be held since at<Genei-ai f Massachusetttspeckslaad, and along whose very brink the village_«teaks away with appallingsion.*. »,fand men—cer'^inly ty no nt»ces*ary operation ofnnlnown to any other system of GovernmeoUprlnclpaUy of tiie bones '^^^-'O^'B^«^kiB^a^y^''^^-.jpeas—what'"look like a torr^m of;m» the ahauri' ;i- 1fpoeracy.and a plan'-inu coufe*>e»-arv, of the Sou'hera ami Southwestern State*". In t^is .nrrnngumen'. it Is evtRIVES.On SatUT^lay, Jar. 18, a dinner fo•and valley swept out, between a fork«aoj *they wUl not fail the sudden ap- oiher .'uad... ic -is siat^ '•";t, i^sirfTili atbSj64*-ered woodland, except where'^•f ,tomer culiivaiion ran be detected, and whereemployiaents pi capital, tbe protecilon anl eacaur-ulaUoiis iifKtn the di>»olution o^ the Union are no nov-flty in ci.r political liistory. Tbey were Indulged B^ tuiion ab-ndon our comrades, and. f»- *ageaient theyup to their present development.fore, as well as since, 'he atoptlon of thepresent curse ves to Uie crazyraft of ?»"=,'. \«'**« '*«'?''•" L J,*" =\"'"V^^^^L-UVr:i.^r.\ millions of dollars.I have described, on the left the[>eoptK ,..^n norera S^iu id^ai of the n' w vvstero. which, w. his concpptiop, would spring from the ashes of tn,: pres-a piovident:niid-statK'e fiom the mill, and was sbocklasl*most splendid parariles,lies who are not qualified voters, paying e.ither ton yearthe onifineers over-vera. biscksmiths. boiler waVn's. holiters. fitfcij, an.i others employed In the orerMon of the Vtotortoabruptness,ex-trial of these, and as. Letasnot,upon; ;compared ling.irrepressible conflict," proclaimed nature of things, between the socialto in exist, thetial to the negro in the controversy between tha" possiblyconfederacy,bloodied treachery, ana leadlDg, in its cousequences, to unmentionable horrors, that but oae voice of in- dignaat reprobation would hare been beAro tiiroughsunr wtiera is tbe Must every one superior eaalavelaboring and the proprietary interests. Surely it is a work less severe to hoe in a cane field than to bammer stones on the road-side ?"their respective situations and pursuits wauld inevitahly give rise to in a separaterthe Inferior? Shall there tie an absolute"Well, you see as how the laborers on the roadvtbich, if tbe crime was not openlir approved, tberight of enslavement over tae inferior, wbea enunciated, is a monstrous prapoaitioa. Nor ia ito;t~J '-f of equal size in^ Ubi tmtt 8y«a^'and eaU St.necessarytborooghly asAyastiiit saddeaiag of^ fclott, with oFVks Utates that titf a oatastrophe. [eihlod of the sub-M>t to caU It KixiMTOv, Xtmslet, JinutTT,"M*fc flourishing at aKln\8i«ht if dismanUad wfcsrreaI would be mostiilMIr1 resuno thetka interior of Jamaica, at the point abandoned inhidbtKa^yliy—contraateS now by the presence of twoI can however, witk perfect aay,extensionJuSw^ S:J£ uajermtoethefonaUatlona of tieluoniunediata vicinity of 81. Aane's Bayof theMaryland, for exanple, to whom Virginia Islndls- sent. That a dlsUnctiea eiisto somewhere Ithat shops are plentiful,buyingsellingthat he gives aa much labor, even to the sugar es- tate, aa he conaisteatiy can, and that it is no faultawait with dignity Hul eootnesa, then, the violence, by denunciations of secession and disunion,on at a fair rate for a village of a thooaand goingresults, there can be^io qasMioai trtiItds***(iTrullafcUnder any cireumatancea St. Anns'a is a proper haltiiig-place for a tourist. It has aascertoined, the one dividing line ts sot so distinct asol inns, and the sugar eatatea in the borhood are at Isaat worth visiting.aeigh-peopleof the North, aad which,mannerHudsoa and iu noble Bay,might be suppose^ mlads,alik& I^m*atidpurpoae travelingdreamt of a hostile combination*either againsttheir defence which the wiselelt wlthU the con rol of tbesecond. SoStates, aad which na through Oie Ohio and its Is a certain class of offences to tie thusPtem St. Anne's to Bay—Harbor a distance offrame of oar govatnaaeat has her domato, united by the same natural ligamenU, fall Into theof England, which is the established church in the West Indis colonies, and the dissenters, even in sparsely settled districts, are not slow to erect their o"w"n" pl"l"a"c-e"s" o"'f w"o"r'sIh"i!p'. T*"h"e''s'e' people, whonrilllaa C. RIvea, afFrom tkt Rickmond Wltir, Feh. *.here made, that the peasantry are aa peaceableSlavery in the common Territories of the Union, the this confederacypupusnogent English laborer of the nineteenth century canthat section of the Union In favor of the of reopeningbetter instructed and elevated in Slavery In Soatk Carolina than as freemea in New-TorkT If tbe principle is correct. Ignoring all distinction of oolsr» where in its application does it Uraunato? Tbaare^compared to their slave ancestors than the intelli-generationthe acting out of the bitter denunciations logicalthen, citizen shouldquestionsrest peacefulof Dry Harbor, seventeen miles from St. Atme's Bay, is chiefly inhabited by fisher-pnttectthegolden flag,and the cannon that stretchSlates themselves hsd been.TheNew-York, la the Olderappealing Be this, aa it may, South Carolina deserves a mostot^Stvasteesm, reached from S:5,(i00 to $100 000. Tbe mill was builtvillageandpractical question,but the action of the Territorial communities upon it when forming their Constitu-men and small proprietora.startlingtions and askingto be admitted as States sovereign;As we are leav- ing St. Anne's Parish, I may as well say here thatgreat principles of American liberty and public law require that the new States, as well as the old, shall be freegreatiy superiorPimento is its great staple. Jamaicasupplies two-thirds of ths pimento used in theto choose theirthemselves,;worldand St. Anna ssuppliestwo-thirds of theland. But instead of that, more or less meetings,of justice, comuiun &enEe and consUtutional law, codb- mcnding themselves to tbe judgments aad feelings of all men, which close every door against the perni- In the national councils. Let the South be content to stand upon these principles aad abstaiafrom putting forward newcnnfcdeiacy of the Southern States, which erery fore he gives his sanction to any proposal contemplat-;thenumerous, were held in 8ever<il ol tat States, inre- fle<i^ng citizen of Virginia should well consider, be-hnWres wereoverflowingrespectiul answeroftobacco—more heavily bur-hooaeswe Between Kio Bueno aad theThereareotherviewsofthis wbtobdeserve subject*?plantedther*auiny yearabafera;arror.i »iih Ibis conditionNorthaav^ ofandandLet usprogress of events. Lefna not check by unseemlyuse of the broad navigable waters eomtaaa to both, is bound by similar ties, through tbe Chesapeake snd the SnequehanBa, to the States of Delaware aad PennpvWaniartew-Jersey, by the natural artery of commerce com-pounds,and in 1859 itonlyandconstantlyprogressive. Theirentirecapitalanddland.St. Anue's is considerably the largest parish iain the Southern States, was brought to light, and everywhere, in spite of ail the efforts aad arts of poli- receive tree in return the maaufactures of those to tbe advancement of a large proportion of the sar-Spanish nsma, yet retained, of Rio Buena. I likeset an boiiorat.le example.as i-be has berwofore thoiighl, that aiBBuion, whettier by tbe name ol sivcssiun or any other, is not tbe wiseand which, from was and manager. During the fire a portloa of agent;thatthat the road.Baptist Chapel,Breeat and are all w tthin the oale of the con- to, prosperity, the summary recapture of fugitives from serriee onOr, sutingpreposltioa sylloglsUcaUf, it Iseaeverin theto apause,iocendiar>'aboimdingpamphlet, of a of theterial of tbeindustryof a of the inhabi-large portion to be a curse to the hat;prevailingmaica negro woa'l work at all. I wish to show of free republican institutgiroenast.solubly united, as theirearly history proves,that offence which tataHtvelrenceand reason only prove to be prodoettve afavaJamaica, west as far aa we can.rightcomplain."^ "''« coterminous States. Ifg|)t ye»-ggnc tiiMcit, fakbmgbog, fAxnaqs s,'ATION n JAHUOA^-411. Bay, < the MXth eout, has every appaaranee^ tMr fam^liss, but are wil]|S|, neverthelsss, to flfaBof^kSjr part of the CoBfederacyr«ueotMRr- those of ttte Sesator ofCofSB^.(or whom I 'lu lBeFjrvtoU a* Ikefciag a flomhtt that is, lgviUafe. noarlsUiif, —labar oa thab own SenI""EK^ •°«1«&"<S*»» *'doh kaa, <tf late, baea" theme of a MHBto" i^idKW— .".'iraJamaica. Ttiirtnt J^Min II -filthnot laterfere withlands, -^en the choice lies between th* roadssnd the estates, It la not autprislng thit *»*they ahaold aelect tha employer that pays '2eHSS"^".^?rP^£!4!? "«« InatSm'eill^f The result of that bast and most regularty. I da not mean !S5iK!JL!fifi'°*^^i5*, ^?**- The p«>pie there ject. In w^Ueh allsohtaryfor a moment that anything like a sufficiency of laborthere are"^ not, IheiefcTB,accessory, before cr after tbe fact, to aand mustFrom the legal distlnctiaB botweea *a ePJJbaiare almost exclusively pen proprietors and smalt whole was ttie deliberate selection of House,and Ithat if all Jamaica was like 6t. Anne's there would be no ground fur the commiiseration thatinhabitantscertainlythoughttion of thevate it underbonodaryTialawny) can be seen winding through ths val-leyiielow. Itrisesfromaspringiathemountain eyes. Theyt>eganandperity downforstaples, and be forcing her. by ths Inabilityi to pay forandThe oncerodeatanchor,is nowwithoutarightseveryginia *nto a Convention of the Southern States, withia which a soHtsry sail, and but two sr three inferior vessslsher two great withia herself substi-preaent decay. shipsharbor,the demand on Virginiatoa fleet from theordinarilybut little part into South Carolioa it is a doubtful compliment, at least, to repropose it toaweep ingenuityIt for rankheragainst the adoption of this tier favorite remedy, thattortitlan entirely conceals it.bet at a moment vhen it taJghtrelieve tte surcharge of her axriculturegiveto discover thsof maaufactures, both to(iOfr, af follows .T. na. t >«,<*»>of H<.iiior<i. #1 000: l.aarter Oak, •J.OOC, Hart-vege- possesses soae historical intereat, for its walla were built tasame moral eiemeats elsewhere, areand proveitiiaUy slow to act, begaa at length to be asBy the establishmeatdustry and to^'^f^^iJ^S't' a-id Maiine, UasaaaoU,year's space.Letusnowlookatanotherandmore as- cheeringbeabout to be actedpo- bay. requiresNortkem who States,already,on the must turn her atten- by Legislature. Virginiato the amouat of over **»,•••.spot, Tha ruinconstitutionally»4ICitylord Spriagii.l'i Fire;the village—a quaint, quist .ipol, with the aea ai.d tbe peac*; of liie .Union rebuked its apologl<^sfor e»ils, she ouRht in can- existingsystems manufactur- Mssan Cuax, of tbe firm ol Ci.Aaz A Psia-very irregular. biaeze blowing ircubly In. Uaay lisix.nnan live ar.d s>mp«tt)izers witti a noble and virtuous lodigaa-of her own, could there be an act PLs. » bo was hit onbead by a faiiiagbrick aadWan, but thay fnd, I fancy, a bad mart even for the best of mullets snd saappera. A fish of 10place ICing Cotton," by ua-;for 4here is ne one,the parson, rich enough to buy such a monstarAn UBliiterrupted s ucrestlon of similaradmis-FivsKCita oy MassaeuusirT^.—The .tnditor-entire. InthehotelwhereIthe ofas tbat in eonteniplaijon, people Virginia vital interests treoorUinsearchofacandletoKtobably in six months, tiis hug* reception room,andI alancemigtatedplateau is which still lookedss is itexclu-debts aaS liaMliUe. to leas Uiaa sevaawith itapieces of old mahogany thai would throwcovunaats, fervor-showingquite grand gUmpseof afurniturefancierintoecatacies.poliahadof this whUelike- Convention,Lot Uie lioble structure which theyanthe company of lizards, old and young, aad gazedholes in the roofof outtheupon the twi.'ikling stsrs. Providentially il didn't rain.have fallenwithin the Unionof a teCeraUvc RepubUc ours,h'*piUlsof mencement—IP invoiced at upwards "',thsIsndlordof producuvo an"! showthatintheutopla conTisting and"afha•l'f•fn'u"i?)i?l"oaaf'o^fIPdialiX-woA for the estatea or on th^ i^nds when it doesever cberlabed the hi.^" unlawlnJ lnt«rfere«e» of wannestperaonalregard, ItovoiveCia.mymlad,as ARoplrtotkoAigameatfMr.Oeerga *.saytirely without that continuous labor required, notand aUenUve pemsal of thoas ialnaeted ia the ^ae*-Jiwimproveraeni In the remarks I have here made, Sth^eimfsle.live's*^of Jamaica aa awith large majsoe of tbe sober- mon to all three of tberatliepeaaantry, with whom the lemembraace of pastpeoplepeaceable,minded and patristicthere Is ground to hope, will ere long, by the regular aad peaceful action of the ballot-box, redress tbe griefs of w hich we have a to;expense.make no complaint of an insnffi- ity of the Jamaica Creoles dissent from the Church Sei alble and 8B(aelaaa Letter from Hon. at all times, the crisis AfmaruU them now. der States are naturally, therefore, tha conservators:Jamaica pimento. It is easily cultivated, and isths idea that superior intcliigencs or morality has aaymoreto besaid to be best sown by birds. It is, however, a criminal was applauded and symr>Htnized withclearlyThe subjoined letter, addressed byHr.Brvxs toare a menace to tbe Union. over;that theloyaltin case with those originally set free, before they produced or aggravated it, and the Una of conduct it of the Government by means of atemporary.comprehended their responsibilities asfreemsn, andwithour own safely and interest, as well as to our dutiesofhas not thepowertohad bean moderatedbyanecessaryexperience. Butnow lltUeproven,aaibefore their extravagant ideasofliberty. .._ Itsvictiaas. If them put to such by tbe fact that this question has two distinct aspects. we have rightiy construed the first premiss, it naayeiwthat intelligence and experience have come to four days in the week, and hang abcwt their them, tha Weat negroesweighta test.^onlyipwn properties, or go to market, on the other two. jWe cannot improve our estates without a* fall 'week's labor. Our properties deteriorate avery {year for want of contract or continued labor. .:,^^.j^j^^j^^, j^^^^ „y, „ , people who won't more than other dangers, to underrate and make the arena of national politics. Ills, In itself, essenti- profoundest nature, moralthe cannot be blamed for tlusIt t>ecoBDeB us, then, wben invited to dissolve theto submit again toothers.. They and any unprejudiced nsident of Jamaica will indorse the statementbecomes us of to Virginiadominant, geo- graphical majority, it will be the severest and most hazardous trial thraugh wtdch our Institutions haveThat thsoverride all other consideration in deciding ths new alEnlties and relations of the States, in the event of a dissolutionofthepresentUnion,is furtherevincedthesetheless, give them to you without reserve.willingtoseewhich for years past, have been systematically In- dulged agalBft the domestic Instimtlons of the Southrejoicethe histericalfact, that South Carolina unquestionable— "a rehearsal of that universal and prellisinarvand Georgia, in the Convention which framed theof South " Carolina tielong to aaing large naturalapotheosis,proclaimingnotonlythesupernalciations of tbe South were largely sdth lau- mingledto aiiy s'late of things likely to arise, and serving onlyto revolt the feelings of the representatives of the countries, where it is the indispensable ma-ally anUgonistic to advaaceiaent. This is aot oalypursue,reference toquestionSlaveryas thethe Stales, were startled at tbe spectacle before theirthat it kaa lieea deraancs for domestic use and for foreign markets. ystto askcan be la an association of States, acknowledging aor very soon succeeded the affair at Harper's Ferry.has certainly been given in no discourteous sense;These truths seem now to importanttakethe political excitements of the country, and, lixe tbedesuoyed property There was Insurance ontioa tupportand Virginia, andparty anda saast of the mill,;for to Virginiabnocked sciiseiessthe late Dea. Lursss Cuut, an .employetendered earnest assurances ofmate her a tional canvention proposed primarilyto a sec- avowedlying establishmentsof more suicidal rashness than" her.'elf in a situation, in whicht.>!eai,d also Eawaan Claex,ofhorrorandforonce asntreasonablecrimecommuted,offraternalattach-luUanand iu.aresive rightIhelris that the expediently to lead to no satisfactory result, and certain not te rertlvs the »mcurrence of several of the Slavehold ing Slates with which Virginia, by juxtaposition and community of Interests, is most intioiately connected, woukl yet serve to dif-tract our attendoa. and preventand concord—In some tilings,iathe frr'nd contineatal temple by fathers to .^merican unity, peace and freedom.of Duacan Iroad tana, passed through a magnificent sugar estate, with turtt their navigaUon are fostered by an oniihack- creed :hat, owios to the uiihi«ppy?emafk^ihat -f the liberty, discordant pas- ti!e Constitution, for Uie defence publicofnr^'J''-:"- f"'P*'i^;^,dS fSffby^the abaiMiant and iDCreapinir productions of the latter.^ It good ret'air alingetker as fine a property as evAr is, tao.tbe common Governme.it of tbe Uaioa which •'•'•Kmnt"'"'. to the sea. The valley is an un- I saw in the favored Island ol Barbados. The iosares to tbe prtnripil bmocbet of enterprise andto view.aits buil4ings, steam mill, and wharf in privatethe lt!.o.f—tills system(jloMousUnion of confederateLet us make firm and faithfulcory^ratioos. Wfs'eri. Railroad stock ':•lingering tracesTidld cane-fields cluster round the distant aea tenances. There is another fine aatateof St. Anne's. The road Its of pimento, throuph grovespro^iuceof plantaina or tare landa, large and small. I coatinued to dad o( hl.i>(<n,i.» to their true tnttresis and their piiuhieilthe ca'aftrophe oi a dissolntion ever occur, three b?r«ih it. stormy billows. Th««:ras.on calls forriM?*"'*' MilwhUB,gigantic bamboo, tliswithoutat their work. Iiblifiktions.of the ?heU° ion eve^whe'e-acalm And if these" "oa the right, we getI? I. o, -' ff'n' orarte,cane-fields extended over hill and vallsy, and ware carefully cultivated and finiahed ia all their appur- betweenneed, and which Syneither the rteltii-ioin of a morbid faaailri»m. nor the descends through Duncan and tha town of Falmouth, and msny pas. »it« of a poiincal aiaMiion, can lonij a <t»ie—wtth rare eiieptions until not whe med a once recently—that, should SeruhiUes of Uie «^an. Ifpt-iosiok Of rrowDaB-MiLL.—Thegntt«i»s-Sfchways ofoccasional viewa of aaet tham ia troops at early morning traveling b.ive nmmay ;hy, .;?iv"ff«i.» w-'o *»"•' t"*settlers,exceptisn,late :i8 IK-M. aCaro'.ma, Mr. McDoms. on ihe fliKirof the Senate.review foreca>t to the future.k.e tohills along the road-every man aad woman ready tirnugnt beiieva. " thfirepresentedUl?6 sa.llbebroughta „-V-tirijj'R'd. I'ec.-as-d was utunirrted, and aiJutV^tralley[f^am steep.-^Ma, entangled and knitted together by wild vege- antry more civil ar mors rB»dy to oblige. Abi.i.ij tary to each ot.';e:>* wai.ta ai.-j minf^iere-! to each.and ateeper, and the treesaa "iriepresrihle y>iiaii:t Uctwfea twasy^tern'of-^open their vnth their poUts greetings. I never met a psa«- ;rti>or whtcj» ai»*"j J >" F'» tx**ndr.- pertr.,1 bten tribu-ent ^nd te save a-* ihe ;withvines,andomamentedwith '»lLe»a'prosrteri'v. Nornnsi*t of the Kssterp ai:d Mt.ltfe Sta*esfarm'ni; con- ;«ii<:h a p,'oi>le bedrtllf^d nit'in S'lpoo-lnn that their ii'-fi-irnl (.oili.1 1. 'it^i'locs at home, re«tl,ij iindor g« rushing down from the mountain-top. Tl. shillings a taxes, or owning 'and worth £S tie invloUbir R- "i •>• i-tlrown MtT^-Hiirn cU '^en,: .i !^il$'ion,draperied tbesesme'lsettlerstherearslawheadsoffa.'ni of oftieW,\t^rniiT»dNo'th«*e'*'eruS',itrsVeiy tlii'y rnd faidifiilly, Yo'i'-flieait,seen on this long descent are superior toon the southern slope of the hills. They biiesk generally ot the peasantry throughout thenretiiauy Jau?tr nt ^Lbve'6•.oo by *~t*DSsa-domestic Ui,ritii-Cfnt tbat a« of rb'ef i<i!ttrlal interests-S« W.'.nisO-.-S*«0(!age8ta iBMOva with the coaaatwtsmcot of the whole island —p'.teacycontrclliagI''y"",''iil;S_!''l?,"e,'oT Jir'^'inijsisrlinfrayear. Nineoutruly principallyof ten of thesotlleri— 1InTlrKtala.which has produced these fatal divisions la the coun- edge that of these States, on the nsa-slaveholdliigSecond—An inferior order of tha l»be race,ofdlately followed the bloody Inroad, were far more regard Slavery,of thepruepilage"New-York, " is a large class ofdevelopementsopinionfeeling,Itwascertainlynottinreasonabletoa crime of the deepest atrocity had been committed against the peace and safety of a sister State of the;by Virginia, and were the'.marked circumklance of cold- by everyment.*There are other points of divergence between Vir-law-abidingwhile tbe latter la la like linked with New-York by the estnarv of theexpect,aof all fair minds that theConoB to a belongattachment to the Unionby people through;and autnoritles ofto thein loyal and manly language, their idel-be taken as tbe truesiUon for themof tbe Stais Houseand other public Ustimooa^lefl iniercaurse with the South, and Uirireroad ^a.l.oa.Uto. 1 .great commimltlespapers,snd tJ>e leailv bualoess of tbe will ha*in so'ier earnest, that isatP«t: Kj nfMr •KiCTlMof this pojnlar (eeliiK,'ha able ajirl eloo^f-n* Sena'or looked t.j lafraternityshould her leprebeutaliveswith a view to secesiion as tbe one tiue and only dlsputed preponderance in tbe councils of a separate was hit and badly braised.indignationattheunnaturalsbouldbeleftcioe for themselves,freeaaduncommittedtod«-Ueve, sbauldsease of a largeNorthern Stales, why should it not be Sutesba»e adeep rtaae in the peace and harmony ol the UDion. Their Industry, their trade, their man-astlr-oua^a.eipreasion of the leilow-ciazeoa of the so? ThOMmeasures of;ingStates isparticular region, while the demand forlt is universaldaycbaaaela of ^theof emancipation until now, they have never meaa time, there arc resources of self and we l•"oio!!k."t!e* t.?h'eDrya^^ntaen miles—the lulls trend along the eoaat. live, though insurrections in the time of Slavery the warnings, overt and implicit, with which we liav* the fiat of nature, must ever form latter, by capabletheof the country. Most of the male labMera ealatea, we come to more pens and pasturagesexes on these and other roads in diShreot Vlm,KingstonTork rowdv-i»-different from the honeat farmerperformed. Theybelong—aad Iwys were away at work some in the cansspe-the reciprocal rights and duties of thelen born — ;butthisisbo latare,asfaraspossible —foster a navigation and com- cial interest la preserving their present con- politicalalave are properly performed, it issaaaler prodoetiv* of h*a>»how superiortask to,fellows of twenty, or there.sober calculaUos of eonsequences."''The slaveatrapping youngAoDts, who seemed to do good serviceitIK done good service, to judge by the amount ofLawrence. That grave faults of charac- togeneraUy belongs to aa Inlferiorwho noetcqltagesrudelyindustry,maybe added that theofthe race, and, to be of use ta aaybeach . .padou. well-cultivatedalope. Forsevenmilesweatofbeen visited. Ii is one of the cbaractariatic advanta-lag States oa the banks of the-with the slavehold-of theand other towns. They are aaoccur only at the extremities, where the in the end, it is to be hoped, be controlled by the la-B«y,aeoiitinned aucceaalonoflundantI wish to bear wltneas to their conrteay. arforsotihteurti<oonnn oftbe defaaca of public alnltdwrty than anyVirirlnia on her southern Iwrder, ia like manner aad by simi-will be are oa both aides paaaod. Theylar ties, slaadslnseparably associated Willi her Union-and if ha took Tbe State Goveraaieats, aa tiie organs of the real- Come what may, then, if yon will excuse me for those effehces elearlytUA *lasaiB( Hayarya^sa*^tijii most are covered with tlieir native foraat, part,that he wantedmessures for the security of the rirbti aad InterestsWhelter•—to the new race of They were in charge of one old woman. The girlsM^ar seclMy ha wiof aettlers.Passingsugar ;indifferentfromtheircountrybrethrenastheNew- lettheformationofvolunteercor^beencouraged—point, -»-^ n^^ which hli^hole argument is based, may b* faMtopresencethin to woodland and to denser settlements. TheorganiaaUon of tbe IxKly of the militia be improvedbuilt, but clean. I eatared in his home" in Niagara or St.ment be to our own domestic givenarepapaibly a dozen that were grouped together.in order other sources forTo these considerations itborder States, on both sides of the line which sepa-exposeThe overseers on these roads make no complaints tmflacementi. Quite cloae to this group of cot- of sny virtues. W. G. B.to the oldin alavery, and fast dying out, I need not say.stood a neat little agliBst th* laborers at their ownbuiltTHE NATIONJX CBI8IS.reaources of public security, as well as of palv SQesUc institutions would inevitably give rise Inthisthe men under their charge, that they are tagesby large major-race,borapaffof my;were numerous andand were only sup-pressed after much bloodshed and lavish expendi- It affords more remedies within the pale of tbe Con- outlet ta the ocean for them all.gatethe Jamaica peasanlry^ave ^ftrjhlmgterrible,ges of the federaUve s^iteia under wlilcb we live thatmon sweretgn of the" Mississippiwhen IntotheUnioninrelationto thereisnow and, tbat,opposed features of the new Consti- tution the most distasteful to her feelings and judg-the sufierlor orderGaoaaa Wooa and '-'r'*^Tl O*--aide, falls in cascade, and empties itself into thaOcean, as a Jamaican river of considerable size, afew miles away. The village itself, like most vil-lagea in the island, is situated in a snug littie bay. meetings were held, in wliich men of ail political de- to seek safety in ihe arms of despotic military gov- called for bv the home and the foreignA vacant hotel, large enough to accommodatenominations and concurred in participated, heartilyor to sue for from for- Willie the laboring population, notwittistanding tbe protection is fast inof a Soatsern Senator, that hs distinguitbedwall built stonetaaentless stores, tell the old story of past pros-eign powers,be made the victim and tbedesignsNor can we shut our to the fact that eyesHi^» »»•"•fifty guests,piers,anddilapidated,cicasing.Nxw-YoEi, Thursday, Feb. 8. Brttmse o» tbi EaoliPapmthose measures of precaution and self-protection, consistent with the Constitution, which the occasion suggested, and in the firm resolve to maintain theirof whofcc interestedthey would emigration to tbe W»st and the Southwest,sayingwould vet call the roll of bis slaves on Bunker"do-Wool and CaasLXS O'Cosoa aansanea to ths North-should Deasef*on a question so sensitive ss tbia In all its relationsUtie of the Key-stone of the Unionpeople of New-Jersey, trained to nationality and patriotism amid the historic battie fields of the Revo-—and stock, pay taxes and poll votes, and pay day, has been banded to us for publication, aad we en, by their outburst, to carry devastation to the face lution, have rarely, if ever, failed in their federal and preotiie, that the slava beloags to sn nftritr sacs, astheirpMple whom we have heard represented worthleaa fellows, obstinstely opposed to work, nd ready to live oa an orange or banana rathermoneyMr. Manisos asked at the era oftake pleasure in laying It before our readers CasTU Hiu, Jan, 27, IStO.What," restriction,the Missou- most part have been honorably in the distinguished,iiaslianlaa. af Oarao* f race, he occupies a lawarMr Dua Siamaares from awful shocks against each which other,"their political actionand that if a different spirit hasVou ask me forthe true character of the present crisis in the condi-;:my opinions aa toshake theGovernment in twain T Should such a party, foundedrigreat repulsivesame catagory of States, by the catholic temper afgenerallyexclusive sectional affiliations, ever obtals possesstoabewiU it meet with the sanction of all, if a majot^, af mtolllgent minds, and in an argnmsst based a,leHaaratelydecide the ulterior rearrangement seweoafederaciw.tbat debalMUr up. Thehillswhich,for themoneypreaseduponhim,itwaswiththeua- withintheirrespectivespheresofaction,ansuoh "alltheabovemenUooedgreatcentralStatMecsDvoyfptnh.s gvtreoiuonnds.itbe If aotaaderwUehofthee*A-4iii peculiar foliage of the plantain and the cocoa- bM tree—a certain siga, even where a kut is invial-of the not of ths dis- pesaantry.ginia, in the exercise of tiiis makewickedsesa of manfor if an it offence,paymentforthe(ruit, deratanding, distinctly expressed,finally daatr ofthe sovereignlyStates, may lawfully adopt, repeating the language of my answer to Ur. But it mattersoccvpyiagdefensive attitude of the State—let tbe and diselpUne — place,arms beboth—let every legitimate and judicious encourage-let the requisiteprocored and furnished tosUacls of an American aa nationality,wellasby astated In the extract following:iglStlon, in ;McoMnufmiurtmoend^Vw)i. xa^that, oywhatover line ths Union might be violently severed In the moment of;ourter andgrave defects, which it will take long veara the supply of articles which ths time is new fully rates the slaveholdlng and non-slaveholding comnu- tic institution is. In law, good and osefuLaadwdiminishto remove, I do not doubt. It will be a come for us to fabricate for ourselves—let the Legls- altles of America, must ever have a peculiar aadbe in a sUte of pupilage. Ths purpose of this dadependence apontheir viceafi^s, some on the roads, and some on their own reason why they should be denied the possession BKrce of our own let them, ia everything, and by nection, as the only means of avertmg tluise hostili- ficial results. Here then we have a dooMstic lastltB-I am not one of those who thlak it either a safe crrational way ol meeting the dangers of the State, any question Slavery should be taken entirely out of the sentiments of her as well as pilage to the superior." If meant Ivy thia that the**have in a of them. A and resolute light work. Since emancipation, they passed " great statesman* has told us, allya local and domestic There is but a by the most sacred and honorable traditions of her of higher culture,question. history, committed to an inflexible and uacompro- necessarily become the instnictors of tbiisa lessor,statut and tha than aa early and provident fear "—(not an unpre- single case in which the Constitution designed that itto the revival of the African Slave- this proposition also challeages sot iiiset Bosh Congrtissional action, tiade, which, it is well known, has numerous and must Inevitably be the case. Ia the nature of *hi^r«, majority of them ase too much their masters ever upon us,) is the mother of safety." Let us, then, that is to provide tbe mode by which the Constitu- zealous advocates in several of tbe Southern States. superior mtelllgence is Instructive, and mast eletalabodytoahighercivilandsocial; andflurried shouldbethe pared " constemation, when the danger Issubjectof and misingoppositionofwithout exaggeration on the one hand or extenuation oa the other, endeavor to take the true measure of re- cent occurrences.tioaal guarantee for the surrender of fugitives is to beenforced. With respect to that. Congress has ^ready aand tnfeitor cnltors and strengthangeneral agreementorder of tbe race to that of Pat Murphy and Hans Schmidt, and Pat and Hans should immediately betakes into Ibava-and is so present Union, and enter intoBut is Slavery tbat sUto ofnupUagetIs absolataitsIn all other cases, and especially aa to tiie stat%M of Is the newperformedduty,far/uncnu qficio.control of tbe person for labor phyncalThe aiTalr at Harper's Ferry, wicked as It was Inits conception and atrocious in its design, as well assavageandrevolttoginthemeansprovidedforits questions'concerningitarelegalquestions,involving WhatarethesentimentsofSouthCarolinaandher instiuctedbycontactwiththsmoretntoUigaataaapplication sitution of theslave-masters, than as political aquala,or wttba pr»*every and en- gogohdtened umpirage, elevated by its lilgh character and the lnde[>endence of its official tenure above thejudiciary,;the African we can but take Slave-trade,domestic ins titutions forunshackled by the authority of Congress or any otheroiooM pilage of the learned aentiinterference whatever.Here, ther, are plain and intelligible principlesent of systems policvmoaarehy, ths monarch to be ths superior aiaa? Tha truth is,tbe newailW*Kymoiaiagof Gaoaaaany more recomaead Itaell to our approbation. The very principle of Slsvsry is aovarse to advancement. If pnptlage, it is pupilaga and untenable preieasiuns, like that of demanding labor, therefore, caniot be employed in any way so m a school arganized to perpetuato inferiority ; it isfound to have been clothed with a'recommendation ticians, will rally to ths standard of reason and coa- duty countries.rounding fres. Where to a few enabled to Uva tbsfe- Her by in idleness opportunity (or msatal aad msral cal-squarefives only action ot ihe59.63 persons to the square mile. They first act of its most numerous political party in one ion,spontaneous body of tbe natioiLwhich the tuiiply, therefore, often exceeds the limits blightUpas.ths IcsUtuttoa, ramovs Its eb-;and soncurrentof ths Boban improve upoasoon abatedbytheone of a re- of the the signers of the above-mentioned recommendation, union for disunion's sake. Look through the history consequence, where this is the case, is ruiaousare in effect tuld, for it is not moivsi ta tt. Gam-every partparish that I visited with its fresh look, fertile To this nomination they have inflexibly adhered slow growth of centuries, tbe same spectacle of na- In thebe conceded by the writer of that article, is not mafum ia m. Remove its praUM- Uon from the statute book, and let maka it—it willbilxig, probablyobject is neither to color nor to discuss taem. These can Union— iiift filing, among tbe powers of the earth, cannot be raised in Jamaica, and without her condition has excited in Europe and America. facts made a most profound impression on the public a new and vigorous nation wblch already, ia its earlybecome its champion, ner a defsader of its asotlvas.Mseeymoeey,wHkout labor, life, learning, religion.Tbe Pimento mountain, of which I have mind—in where the recent out- spoken, Virginia especially,Imay bs permuted, however, to inqulrswbsa it wasor its equivalent, a country in these Everythingyouth, makes the name of an Amcican as proud aing pregnantpubiished paper of Mr- Minisos, written in 1S33, thethat that blissful state ol arrived whea tk*r* thlagsdayaislitie of as was that of a Roman citizen In the respectis to be ad- mitted erfrom whicn it Is to bs eiclided? Ibadr separates Dry Harbor from Bio Bueno. On de- rage having iJeen perpetraied, there was naturallyhighest renown of the ancient mistress in the world and all this has been achieved under tha auspices of freedom, under the mild sway cf equal lavis enactedconclusive forte of which. 1 think, every imderstaai- was no more territory into which gUvtryaeanding the weatem slope, the stresm from which tba latter village takes its name (and which is tha;that there was a very torritory yot be- largeeverthewide-spread commerce,eight weeks, withoutpublic is Informed, the slightest disposition to relent, or even to offer a less obnoxious caadidate.Shall such a Union as this be lighUy torn ts pieces, its dissevered parts reduced to comparative insignifi- cance and weakness, doomed to unceasing bordercommon Government and unitedUcai ties, what la tbe value of that security formestic tranouillity " and the "common defence," wars, burdened with standing armies, crushed by the case in this State ?tios of one whea such men as Gseaaa quito aimiUr,bytbe closestpoU-of ernments at heme,weightperpetualmarkets;S;avery.and wo aid render probabletks calebrato*sport?Our sister State of South Carolina now invites Vir-increase of the exports of flour and tobacco fromanewandmorelerti'esoil.wUlbecoatiaaallytbe avowal on her that she considers seces- open partlessening—remedy for tbe evils complained of. Tills inritatioaMass.—Mills in Noithampton, Mass.,caoas,beconstancy and firmness had neen somewhat wroughtcircumstances and considerations rather to her fears than her understanding.it.stimulus of local markets at home, around their respective centres awhich will diffiise.Sprl..glfiiUw.*aSs.OdOeOv.o'.ed to tbe manufacture of,_,«„ lh« mill wrlttajdi»- tingi'lfhed by the frankness of which .she herself ha."practicalobvious and conclusiveSouthern ConfnJerasy. wouldpotts wife open to the free and Indiscriminatesion of the manu.scturcs and productions of foreign countries, without any regard to her distinctive andperfectlyat these things to of a SouOiem confederacy,to tolrteen amount nearlyconcratiatlan of our efforts en olhf-rt>oth a mure legitimate and a more effi ^i^at character.on us-lct us seek a remedyto be most maturely pondered. Suppose it to oe de-It iflords remedies, within the ptie dollars. T»ejT^rJnrokeaol iblitgs that will probably rl?e from its ruins? Spec-»thter is to beup.tatotietbeneworder'"-l!L^., ,^^ TWstotliey have grownwith a sensible and "^iiRacTous people, as they are Federal ConstltuUrn. It hns been hitherto supposed condact us, we know not whiUier, amid the tracklessThi v factiUt'UH exctteuM-nt.^ne le" away for a tlaix but wbea tho»e eKcitameatxV• VI -flbsrrr.wUiftlr hnofcaoi<<e. -iicti aC aowder. His was thrown bodyCoBftderacies, atieaft, would have to be constructed cut of tbe shattered fratmeats.cordial andfrate.- St^coD^'ert.inVi'e friend, of the Co.f;titntton andStole, exploded oaAsdistlogulahed Senator of .'*-)Uthpast-- q.iai to the rasi.:. as I hope aad f«"'"* **f«'ntoClhaaslU,wttbof three ^rjtnd rftr.fefieiacies—a nianuf^iclurlBe cor,frt,lera'-y. to roa-About were .--estiojLti cv ihe cxplo^iaa.(^'•pcrtiveof i.\i;iy-fi»e 5e.-if a^e.forty kegsofpowdertherapidexchangingTher produce beingadmitted free from in dutyclaar fromvery aaturs, but is demoastrated by itsfeltoaly remedy thenThe earthas much as isem people sentiments wtlcb, carried to tislr DraeU-importsexports,P•y•«- on ths morning *(bvto tutes for the former."provide.which, owingto the esdaeatpoailiaBtry theeapenmeal Iantderests snd necessities Invt^ved ta the jiuisdlctton wrong against the oooscleace, aad that whiekIn the -protectionhlglilyand these to agtdntksir neighborwbena wrong to be suppressed as the otber.one com- FatherofWatera,"whichisthsit caacentiifugal tendencies, occasionally manifested, willall the means at their disposal, build up both the mor- ties and conflicts between them, in the al>- tton whose purpose is aad Is al and material power of the State. These are the sence of tbat conaection, the differwehniccehs,of their do- practical tieaefita." lawful,prodac«lv* tfIn one of which it divides tbe as conceded:It is of the highest importance, therefore, that thsof much as, in the other, it unites them. Virginia is. by pu-separate confederacy of the Soothem States, to inquire now our associatesginiaand the cottonStates,with to the differ- regardline to be drawnwould be likely to stand on fundamental question.mads It the condition of their accession to the Union, tbat there should be no prohibition of the Slave-trade before ISoe. and in order to obtain that eiteiuion of time for the traffic, they entered into a bargain with the East- em States to surrender to a majority in Congress thesuperior large, very Urge number of whites in South Caraliaa who batoag toIkiMiwn. Instaases be aadIatprttperIpapiiage Third Slavery ts that atote of Foiirrt— issuperiar. pupilage.that tba fact should be position/^attention was thi*article la yoar p*p*r from the pea Weoi^eaBscieatious manylied under the first class, wkioh to oae less so iof avice, and tosoany wooU boas obvloBS offencewell-defined,obvloosaot Moreover, slaves liave not always tieea black, islaveholdlng States, " An Inferior of the race must b* In a state ofS0B»efire onglnatod in the rag room of tha Kagtoof their of revenue, will cun- tbe brick wails fell, and severely, though not serioady,the necessitiestmue to be so burdened, and with rising ir.juiedneither a general convention to botch It, nor a aeotional convention to subvert it.of the rear wer* »99» iss. against •1,114 MS In ISM, and •J,**';Janci of a squall or *^<^'"f'^'Vae't-co"Lti^- 742 which - iiew have mutinied, desert our good ship, the.rr'^nChre'Scomo "'^^cinSiSly amount to nearly tw.irJk\„riai tplf-Dosfession.firmnes*—ia this.fVern«n, In.t.utiy kllUog C«aie«»ir Sm-,Esq.ing »196.8<T ;in 1*4?. Staic-eonsisOngattracted Uand mental, must, la aooietfealca- latad to Impart that instmcttoot Is tbe whk> the bast master 7 Are the inferior classes—the —batterplantersexpress order of tiie race." Tbera are a"mediatelytakenintothia Slavery, tabestBat bs that, HHglf*-^'*properties fot thesupportllil T T^II.-^tiaiao:ojf thomialves an in rci.n9ylvai.ia.MassacJiasetts, aat Lucrio,Beingrol.»A8o«.stfiiuslnnln"'"-'''^.V' "*'•"^**upon thtnr own rrtiot-'<*i*i««at that lime a memher of the Semte, andcalled upoa to pieientiojie vie«i* In opposition to ia Stosts fcf V'nitcd Stitss. Vay *.lately pub ftarniLalile,i 1..confe<iS'acte«. , ^ _Mr. Jsr7«k80« sStalfinocil In W>;=„ 5»^.m1i »r--""irts:, ngent,tbe be<1 of ths iBe*tiD|rf Ht Banor.hv the Mr. James^^" tv.spscte*Untitled Document»aa Inti^e peraiaarutredis'albjuoa of tae Statesinto new ron....toDof JVi««. (Kl'i.U'- th Il:yge, givea tbe City f;*""*'*,*' >"'.,?* rSSThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comr,'•'!'"•,''P;^„*/,,.,;?t^woontractors, thmush Hodges, 