 1gf^fggl^fgjl^^mm)fn>miL-w.t.''''"f^iwffpaiiiiwvipipanaiipijpicpwi^^ mil.-^zawn,they longedyer opmion.inquiredyou see, Removing my saddle-bags, I crawled back"He extended his hand, and it was warmly vaek we wisit the old cove m Philadelphia, and was done without the most careftal and istlbisilii.'-aOaridUialialf sneer.Don't attempt to fright-Your accident, then, was a serious one ?"'Mefkia«haii; and continuad to smoke in a thonghtAil, saditating manner.In aliout fifteen minutes Hrs.Beg, a portlv, red- kaired lady, announced that supper was ready, and" And have you, Sir,Ull; detecBtwltt sharp, jut- itwBsastsep, eraggy.ynaadbaAaa Ae door tliat led inte^be bar-room,was comminioned to see to thejiersonaldegree of surprise, on the bluff faceand form of—was passing to this room~victuals.he'll find it out imself. Blast my peepers," con-~~*ni Ul*« dlv>»witk teUwall amonntiDg ts saperatkions veneration. His ment more, and !«>, wo«)d be In the 1partly rising "the fs- knowledge of chsrscter, his cooL iodooiitable room. The was no>ieleisl»: panel dnapTM ckMM *• kMTrw iMn «kllil«xtk*4>to:-BMA w>tk«^ teUy Ml tit ifcn* saSClMMattlu* you liave gona throogheoarage, and riiove all, his tkm sndrrlngent dsngerons snd hasardons schemes, hadwlwn thetnddmb shrank«ITSST,^sparkling with eager defight, but meeting the gaze of their chief tliey soUenlyTesuined \hai seats.that old man, discernible in every lineament ; liisspiritLonely enough ;IfV , "Tt dont y*» »o. Tomtit, 70 wsaU iB«k»/l^,_^_hsm been too aneb 4br yon."daringhi cai-burglar andstoodbadlte «itnM >%lfcTh«fcaUeli^m«M1»TCget Tke iffCT tf a totM^ hu4,Cwwa*«»<bu«Ui**«*rtUrM," :^ Aa«*aatMiHtMiM«fIui<>•MObcoverthesofMisingandstartlingdisclosures notoftenimeetwithonesokindasyourself; hardfareandbadtreatmenthavenotmademein-lorT" berlessmarksandscan,seemedtiausfet~usid;tko "It's a purtT nice plan,"observed Uolecat eyesnolongergtaamedwithfarndty,VkCB T«WSBHhui<a u« 1kila*«Bi lra<tke <mMn' (i'U'matter"flBM»*e»*«»•*«««<*«•blundered into the very place he had been'searching for vain-delbieated a girl that bad *V^slisll go with me. I have s horse and cliaise— itNext toiners ;TffE 9CBGI.AH8'wr •o.'Ct.AxnraB bum^au*.aeemed to flsdi with the same* I say, how's the Tomtit going to know ?" re-« CHAPTSRLviR Of tarn KacHT,"Kr.Beg, butwhatahall'IdowiAtheowner?"He finished his supper, and moving paredthehou|withalarge,old-fashionedthat waa ticking in one comer of the room"as ready for theVmt the eloa« of avoid da; in OcMher.vtivrel' >«r4inB«aDtet«&om hti jadedboiM,«iid:eDtand aFour tallow candles were now brought into the room, snd the burglars held a hurried conversation;hia watch back agsia to— Yes, wait one moment and I will tell yon,"pluck, eh 7" "pursue my courseIMehMtAliT^rtaTwrn,aitnatad in tke Aen wild- as to how they sM>i^ dispose of their visitor;pansed agd&» opposite wdl—M^r>Ml maragioii •( Pnmarlvaaia. The atranger, who a large, 4toat-Iaoking man, heavQj bearded,some were for dispatching-nim at once, others were his and rub them and down in a;petceed toanting aroanl the table, he walited very leiaorelyHward thea^JntnidaeiBf himadf: in a frank, easymake ready hia spaitment, which last directioncausedUr.Begto &omearto«ar. grin"Hind," said iHck, "to put 'Im in the roomvet's the vieh Is; ther werry model got tr^t-door,-of coEwenience, and ^er comfortablest room inther 'ouse."Ur. Beg laughed approvingly at Ur. Hatton's humorous allusion to the ti^p-doer, and lett hia friends to continue their consultation.had very quietly entered, took off tus hat and mkdealowbow." Sorry to trouble you," said Ur. Beg, apolo-" 'Whisperlower,—and in a tone so dif- " In ther fustmy power;atjrle:•• A-(ood «veiiing, go^emen, to yea alL"The eoofiany, who were eameatly engaged in" but there's a out here who badHa 1" never mind me whispered Duffy,BudseveralToices.Begkad a leaa sinister and surly face 4ian the rest,(raTely advanced toward him, eyeing him sharply, aa he said:'Tou wish lodgings, my man ?" *men doesn't tell tales." " Dead men does (elltective, kindly."Walkand theUr. then BegyouNo, I am used to these things," rejoined theorifice, and qaidOf-mtAtgakould I Etop here for ?'4to same tiling. Attend to hkn first, and in theaaeairwiiile I will make myself at home."80 saying, the stranger, scarcely heeding the.lancni scowl which greeted him as he said this, caolly lit hia cigar, and forthwith stretched himself 'it «> «aay postuie in Tim.Beg's fsvorite arm-chair,;hi* head in" but how willof the com- rid of the team ?"— ScarcelysospeeUu sado^siaanil;before the occasional nod of his head. It was evident that eyes with earnestness to the ceiling " ;"Very well, if will go," observed the de- for his victim. you•; «iB,.*II^«<> to k««w>o«M" crosshighishandswithresignation.How's the Tomtit goiag to know 7"intermptedeminentlvbeamifol;theU^tbrownWr, Mbawin*. IB ikort, ilifU fIrcalT glTean in- I accept the offer with gratitude," ssld the fluence over his associates as Mr. Snag. Mr. Snagivory x„^..—, thonrfi thsA^ Mw •• tb«» *•«»«**<> "« Titkls *rir liTm' vut^UrjioastM.•aa vehicle; it waa just wheeling up approaching; " affiscts me pieacher your generosity:you gowas the oldest member of the gang, and had for-merly been a pirate hot that by profession, findingbfe, bnovaacr, hope and joy atfc^n symra^niewH-B^Md t« <•« tth ludy We, niteoihaiyNearer,e«MtoMold,—of faithservice, and soon acquired ther^tation Ma bold^a« iMk akMMH tu s «Mlostbiswayandwishedtostayovernight "He's sohesft-rending,aoterrible,sorevolting,-sued."!'unandhas awliia-This is a lonely place," remarked the preacher,and intrepid burglar.aSsnoticed hi* but when entraace,a you've got goodfire,and p'r'aps feel lonely, Ithrough would havepositian.- •aBTcrafaig, hudlyIm(iM>ketheyinirtantly panaed, and greeted theseen through, a dozen dark- one of whom I am certain I1 «a«-c«mar with a look jdainly expeeiaive of sur-fiise, enrioeitx and anger. One of tiie party, who he's snoozing, and drop him in ther vatThere's my pony wantsto the class of the clergy belonged poorerhewas ihe(ii,"iotemipted acknowledgmentin.objects, snd OT its ruddy glow Tomtit exaa; veil, afore .moA to the astonlahment of that gentleman, who we tossed him in the river, Bill ties a big rock toremarked Ur. Duffy, as he moved his bench so as to allow the other to get seated.spoils.thinking, boys,"•Ivwly. moved toward the door, wmking slyly to his neck to prevent his coming up and breeding abut the werry next morn- ing the spiteful corpse comes ashore without the ii|iiiij wUh a nonchalance and familiarity that rock, and holding tight onto a jdece of Bill Hedges'devotional cast, bowed his head in silent assent." Let me relieve you of your cloak," aaid thebolt and I think you had better remain also. Yoa don"equiet.".k&campanions as he did so.had he aakad thewhole party sprang Instantaneously tAheir feet the burglars were unanimously Jn favor of instant-verily, the danger was great but a Higher Power preserved" Yen he set ther baa down," eontfamed IMck,examining his compantons' faces to wstch the ef- "pointfrom. Mr. Dick Hatton wisely conclodadfln Aai-."teen ibimfd.Ihim km him!" was theHr. Dick Hatton watched his leader's counten- it looked stolidly indifferentespeciallyfar trap-doors andslidingblow me if ther Tomtit doean't know more about it than he lets on."asleep.In the meanwhile the Tomtit had lasaaed hisdisguise, and had Ud hhnself down tat a btirf re-pose. Noonewassomethsdical'general Ks&la nnd bowje-hmves weiA promiscuously"fies suspicion I shall return," rejoined the preach-" Molecat.-JUllpoor animal, who had broken one of his legshis withI will take a careful look, and if anything justi-Yot makes tlie Tomtit so contrary T" asked Mr.qnestiontective, "examine your apartment carefullv beferaMailiil"•mieoninmtedhimwiththerageoftigers—amore lydestroyingyou retire ;ascertain whether it has a gooa, strsogcatachisa Im afore ke's made mince-meat of.Coma, now, whQ.ar<-»Lf ejes on the _gionp,^to this inn."Your escape was indeed miraculous," said Ur.tivelyclock.waking np,shook himself; and at &a lagfe«lDurin'^ all the tumult occasioned by his remark, with this traveler ?"It wssnearingfour, aiiddayl%littna jast Yot's that got to do vith it 7" rejoined Dick, dawning. He again took a careful Um-Ike stranger had kept his easy, half-recumbent po- sition, regardless of the menacing group, continu-ing to smoke with the most astonishing coolness, and eyeing them all with a sort of saucy smile that-was abscdutely provoking.Come, now, who are ye 1" repeated Dick Hat-" Thct'B so," exclaimed the burglars." And I," continued Tomtit coolly, " am for let- ting him go."isiortu iiorse^ wnicn ihusi pro*c a great m ne."and wilh another cordial press of his hand, gath- "He was a faitbfiil beast, and has carried me ered up bis saddiebogs and cloak, and silently re-— tectedself, made a few alterations ia triflingon his Irawie-knife.The ruffians pressed nearer, a dozen luiives "Isaid the detective similar mishap.''"I once nearly experienced a—I have you now I have you now."Ur. Beg entered very hastily. "ton, tightening hisgrasp;"Wky.M to that, I suppose I mii^anitiaeoU: ; to a hair," letumed tlie Tomtb ««>-Me faithful cas(o«an of the BarglanT Neat tui a few minutes listeniBg, till tbe retreatingto pause ere Iskhig a step so decidedly against his was eamcffly gazing upon. ' If Oe 'declared purpose. could have looked on the face of Ote ebtof atabt" but I have something mare ioipcrtaat te aaasge ; no, I'll teU you what, boys, Pve a good'fMMh>ps of the barglar chief kad died«way insaid the detective."No, no," replied the preacher, "I am betterMMlttiit*ly ;^ carefully closed and re-iatttitd the door, ant returned t<i the tnc, there to now, and imany thanks for your sympathy. It ia ter now T Vot makes you all look so werry mum the fierci^dark eonntenanee, farrowed by nam-ts send one of you." ySwd,"saidseveralvoicea.SIdow,'continuedtheTomtit,"allaboutthe 'MilltheToiatit%admadetohim., as far as that goes, for I have visited every -aaek-Mdcomermyself,butstiltitwouldbevisensible to attentiona."scratching his head thoughtfhlly,perwided the softened in a kuk of tandemess that ilh '* nttobaveHr. Duffy. " 'You've lost your horse, and it see, are aleard the Tomtit mlgbt get vind of the and feminine. > > sfaigularlyto let us in - '^ wa'UhMaMiM vfnCITTlMZCS A FBKSD. B.?waa eae -of those remarksUe 'CircumstancessonahndyICH IIK.«lirRCTITKqniiedis a king diatance to the neareat town."The picture was the' nUniaturs of a•before the tavern, and lit. Beg, wito had beentientto reconnoitre, quicldy returned to report to the him to an abeolnte frenzy 4 *nd well it might""chief; with the lantern mUtliJx ^This intelligence caused a momentary excite-iiatirif'as conldtales, though," interrupted one of the burglars, lowering his voice to an im-in, my strangerpatronizingly,with a smile. he "See,"" It was a remark o' vun of old that ven a;pressive whisper comeandthingknownor Therewillbeatimewhen "it's to'idether Letwere still snoiing ia harmoidODShaIS to get a cove in trouble." onlyhad he eloeed his erea wkM tta door ooened, and the Tomtit walked deMbtcatalyCertainly I do, Ui. Beg, (who, at the mention '"I tliink so, too," chimed in another, who was "ments.The new-comer's appearance indicated that beappreciated.even scoundrels will know their value. With"I am more than desperados."easy enopgh alone for tost"body..; van-eyed rieep scarcdy.if hie own name, viaibly started;) what else known by tlie sobriquet of MolecatSn"ag W^nodding pliment""HI drive it to the rocks"lot o' nast^ questionstoak them eompletdy by surprise. jacket, vich was the means of conwicting him and tigned."The commenced, to smake, the s&anger eyeingwill be safe enough.""You think me a coward," said the preacher,veiit about the spoilt ?" inquired Ur. Snag." Yy, Bag knows more 'av that tliaiMie lets on,""leader had &iriy retired, andhere for?" growled a dark- sending him to the gallows."viaaged, ugly-looking scoundrel, whose pox- Ur Holecat's record of his personal experience Barked face waa halfobacured by a dirty ap. He seemed 10 make but little impression upon hia"Hanythe other, as the Detec-replied "not cowardice," remarked the There are times when the bravest quaif;power "nv money in the old core's bag."It was carious to see how the burglars' eyes-"-Votyer d<ungthanks,"tive assisted to removed the garmentmeetinghis wild and strange moWitaA^ta.wott a'ke .spoke, and drew out a sharp knife. listeners, for the main subject under consideration *- ayourselfanywhereelse?"containedatreasure. BnttorTomtit'sinfluence they would have dispatched that gentle-man at OBce, without much form or ceremony.They thirsted for his blood, too, ss ths tiger kmgs tnming the matter in Ids mind over'Oh, koLr* laughed the stranger, sending up a dang ^ral«olnmn of smoke, and regarding thebut, thanks to a kind Providence, the danger"pointed out my room, and by this time it isHattonflection tliat he mbht be st91snd coming to the where he frat"tiat jma name Dick Hatton ?*'""Yery," responded the preacher, raising bis rea"dy. 1 should judge it aafe.""they-uppeach,retired, that his room should beafter readyassuringhisguest;iiiiiiirt1they'll;come up sometimes ven it's werry inconwenient and troublesome. Yonce, ven I wos4oing busi- ness in the pad line in York, we cotched a fellow one night who wos werry' luthy. It wesawerrycontinued the detective, a match for a score ofsaid, Dick,"that gentleman,Thefireyetcontinued10lightopsnrrauidiag 'haul, an' some on us was for letting him go bnt he kept such a hollerin and threatening, that, arter parleying a leetle. Sill Hedges gives him a knock on the head vich silenced himfor his counte-nance wore a haggard and wearied expression. other,apprehend," repliedtne to their pistolspeakYsll, then," pnrsned Dick, "arter that's donaa peculiar lUni — expressiongooda considerable" Yon seem to have met with a rough time of it,;was resumed, and lively debatejsprung up, which was, however, not participated in -^y the Tomtit.sat totheva- That gentleman quietly listeningrious opinions, deigning no other comment but anmeis past"cootiollingto solve it wss a mystery, a which distnibed Um not half as mach iif itrevolvers,in a very few mo- invaluable as they are, their use is not generallyqnickly;walkingdistance,;-'em rreflje ToiaBtit, wilth thiUs»^«rting^ c&ution, made >,!'MiK^Ugoneto bed.'" to himselfhimsnrprite, theywere lOasthorror.UMtabong'at thetba^sometinieshappenin real Hie, that Mr. Detec-should Iwveof'tfie window. The buistars started and prlcfead ly the paet-two years. As be sat quietly eating his large enough'5«mUAifciup<tl>eir ears as they distinctly heard tlie aounS of supper, he 'little dreamt that a few yards off stooddv^DuffyUBcanseiously"Never Ur. mind," rejoinedDuffy, kindly, "you.a silence. profoundEveiT eye was turned to the speaker.barely aeen s***!-a smile lingered on thew-ment the burglars started up, their fierce eyea had left iu impress 0B<tfae care-worn features sf ment.; "of that gentleman never to say snythmg unless presslon.**quired Dick, rubbing Us iuuids in expectation ofplunder.gray eyeadeep, absorbing revenge.man, " Do you know," continned he, thonghtfhily.Is it a werry comibftable looking bag ?" in-ma voice to a " that there is whisper,Ur.hisUsbanish bateaway, but—" he aanseai and looked at Ae.in^.Yety p"romising looking,I-should say," replied" Indeed 1" prise.exclaimed thewith sur-'Where's** it matteia not," mdttfending the picture to the old man's pockiet, "I'ahdlfor making away widiliim sil«itly,but aa a pro-toturned to his seat. low and earnestly," outside,that this is a den of some Itind form, and their glasses havmg been replenishedaeemed longed discussioB likelyUr. comfortBegand peeped intinieitiTely in ; seeing a email group of the gentlanan, .provide him with a supper, and Ur.nmothyBeg himself. That gentleman, who" Uy advice," said Dick, "is tanin him down ven" Let him come in, by all means," said the De- taken in their character."'might expect, tettiiyarise,";dead"Do not feel afiwd," asked the preacher.my friend,".iuachamberthatIknow addedhe,withta"thatdispo-Detective, sympathizingly;; replied Dick. It comes ta -my mind there's a his thohghts reverted to the singnfaiijiKam-security, whenerr. ance during the progress of the conversation, bfit nothing till I found myself l;ing alongside of the panels."tit must bethe traveler^VMciona crew of cnt-throata could nardly have ly varied in their proposed plan of operations.I wason in fancied"fekwd of the unfortunate man, as they crowded iously. "^Ain't yer going to say nothing ?";wbenaeciqfcd systematiiad everydiing, sill, tkooghand one could seetotheYot'sanx-nil broke the force of mine, and, asthe exception of a few bruises, I am unin- er.«s ha; heNext spparentiy reckless befofs his ssswls-tsoBd their victim. Dick Hatton, with an ugly ...CriB, interposed-jured.the detective." I will see you In the moming," said hebe mind onma} he's got 'is that"lapGood night.""Yy, nobody knows," replied Dick."were raised, but still the stranger manifested notAe slightest symptom of alarm. Carelessly di-Testmg aimself of his beard, he proceeded in the dares object?" Bis stem, eyes glanced fromIt falls heavily on me," rejoined the preacher, "gothere,keepThe door waslegs defiantlyHow look here,'' continued he, fixing his restless"; re-"He was asayingobserved Mr. Molecatsa^," repeatedsnd if youGot another cove 7" exclaimed they all in a"you all want to make waygo. Goodnight."Duffy. "I am sorry that you should lose vour The preacher again expressed his grateful ac-small" tops."It would beduced by this decision. The burglars jumped up,manyadarknight. Icanscarcelyaccount tiied.;ridingsuddenly my horse pitched into a deep ravine ; I waa thrown violently to the earth, and Itnewmake sure there Is luibody imderthinMnjiinij—| ijTomtit ?" he"Of course I am,"' replied Tomtit planting hison the table;"ftop, boys, the fellow is safe. I vant to opinion that's got to be adopted, and uo chattering. stepsmy but, thanks to a Itind Providence, I wasthough theyessential-me.in love, snd thus"my"consideration.He reeted bnt two hoars orto describe the effect impossible pro-safelyfor his unlortunats mis-step on this occasion.""The roads are very treacherous, hereabouts,"As the door closed on himself, the Tomtit was he) gave a low, deriiive laugh.itdrunken and commenced jocularity,acustomarycaution."Your servant," returned Tomtit, m a tone ofhumility that would have decMved his Own fol- lowers.'and oaths and imprecations of every description were showered on their leader." teeth,tune, beating time on the table.the chief unmoved attitude of his men, '^ he shallbythe freethreatemn^—not a hau of his head shall lie touchedgoimmediatelyopinion is the mto the road, where to turn scarcely knowinggrasped bymember, my vehicle is at your service as far as I "that it wos a weiry bad move to raise the vind on;"robbing his eyes; "I have slept well, and hope that you" graj "Your calling has many cares !"guided ";mote, Oea,Instfaie-breath.aane quiet way to displace a black curling' vrig. In burglar to burglar, and they mvoluntarily quailed Cares !" echoed the preacher, sadly, it has Sitnated in one of the loneliest and most inac- " Just so," Ur."«na second more the gang had burst into a wild before their defiant gleam. manifold cares. It is well for my rich brethren cessible parts of Pennsylvania, its existence wasBeg, carelessly. peak," It's a liave been equally fortunate."kalloo, which sent Tim Beg rushing back.** Blow my eyes V exclaimed he, letting hit"«lpe fall from his mouth, in his amazement Why, shrank back into their seats.there, and parson.and came Blow my eyes, if herepliedoeonterfiBtt,It's the Tomtit 1" weett we do a heavy job in the wholesale line *when they have suffered what I again,"wro"n^, light"Nobodyelse,"repliedthatindividual,whohad afteritsdonewemustkeepdarkwas theneglect, insult ah, Sir—even ignominy, they may with heie and there a frightful ravine to break theexpressed anything "satisfaction.set ing ofot chaagM his position, but was puffing vigorous- the only place we are safe in, and here we mutt"ly at hia cigar. You're bright people all of you, remain till the matter blows over if this man—;"pen my wordnow,Beg,see if can trot back youresignation.The world calls me nottiing but a poor itinerant, bery, that lined the road for miles.asperity...fis been cribbed."retreated "" I meant not to be harsh, but wherefore theleft without the.,-«»5b nabbed?"(one, Who doquestion "said the " preacher,youlook so sor-of Theand month-.""Bo do I, so do I," exclaimed several voicss at watching hiin all along, dosipnine to linish.him face, and 1 fear they are too " Youtan't come the double shuffle on him." that sll were soand asleep. Then slowly rising, he that I had him here ; I'd tear htm Umb from llmo-^, yet palpable " voice hit slile,;•o the stable, and my horse in betterput quartersBy the by, we have no time to lose ; at least Ihave not" "and harken,atmefor?"addedtheTomtit,surveying theriver,vichwilllookasthoughhecircuinwentodS.peignrgoup with a derisive smile. " Didn't know himself?"little understanding why I have choten a life so thankless."The structure itself was a venerable wood build- ing, evidently built during the Revolutionary War,ttan you intendedpoimy wife of yours to fix up something hotMasted hungry. Now, then, what are you all the country, and hitch his clothss by the side uve, when I've cheated you so often ? l»we!""But, I work not for this world. I have longTwenty-five years ago the tourist in his woodland rambles, might have often met with mys-•zpected oenonementtheir were once weaponsa few triflesain't such fools asbountiful reward"Hr'. t1"*f» '"•*• Duiiy insensiblyhis whose companion,to the had a prestige ; country Kople ghostlyBeg,whslookedvery;;you;;peoplebyappeersaeemum returned to their biding places, andtheyatood staring at their cbie( scarcely believing their•wn eyes."•bserved Dick, " Yy, as knows every- sulkily. Beg,take to rounS the • you them, go lugging moneyfelt apale,' thoughtful physiogno-where could be seen at night, andTher devil "imself would find it 'ard to tell ye,"horsesthe bis Tomtit sarcasti- castingthetowards the detective,the These old abodes were, perhaps, some formerhe'd perwent and puffed silently at theirk*dy, with von eye, gets taken in ««t> the news ?"fools, either," caUy."Theburglars grinned,dreamlag"•erne in good time," replied the Tomtit,'draining aSir,to do vith ther " Let him slide," sud one."7"•erved upa roastformed theYourhave unwittingly touched a tender spotto vex the ac-;pigprincipal feature worthy's reply;youcan at him peeppardon,"the preacher,mildly.Itakeplace,buttherewerenoghostsfancies. As for company, when BurglarsWow, then," said the Tomtit, after he had satis-—what meanmoving back in surprise and even anger butlad, tellthat I'mour headsunderstand ?" we run the horse and;eompsslnns,apsa sod tool, and Ike;"wagon upNice fel-The gang indeed looked very foolish, at the un- taking and risk f Why, just a carpet-bag, andtry.and a short pause ensued."Yell,' remarked Dick Sattoa, breaking thesilence, " ther Tomtit's rtnekat Samble's, bnt I fixed 'em.*' 'With this look sorter hard arter tlie bird's cotched to••Tbe atr is chilly; wrap yoursdf well op^eald Mr.I>aly,sslie arranged the harness ; "tkessPsna-glass of ala, offidonaly placed before him."tively. The detective's face was turned half aside —he made no reply.The preacher continued.fully in the wind, and the door broken from itsIkingiaataaIsupeeteddoes perwentfrom which issued the reptile and its com- anion, the owl, screeching its melancholy songsylvaaia fogsThey got Into the veUele sad rode dewly dawa thesynopaiathepickingmean,that's vot itis1"anyuringSuch was the general character of the old vay with 'em, ten to vun they don't bother you ar- wheels bad ever deSled along that aaitew mad.;I but it i^t, s'pose,hinges,Everv- the police wace on ourI wos going to hobserve," put in Mr. Molecat, " that that wos my opinion. Parsons are werry troublesome to get rid 'uv, and ven you makeare bvoiabletodisease. aow." Coate,of news, the Tomtit leaned back inof 'im. It'sThe Tomtit vouchsafed no reply to this sullenbnt a fresh cigar, he rose, shook speech,, lightinghimadf, and called Hr. Beg into an adjoining apart- ment.younever, too, feltcan- § therosad en its naevsesartsae lew ting rocks scattered ;apartmentthroughpaintrelate,or tucligloomy occupantsacknowledge." «ftheentertainment,whichwaaqalcluywashed enough,forIleftthedoorontne"Mr HaUon thereupon shook his head gloomily, and Ut a fresh cigar.The was now gradaally wearing on, and nightthe burglars, under the somnific iafluenca of to- a little mere so than bacco and whisky, were already giving signs ofhome should be kept In so wild ana nnfreqaeatad am theconceal?"The detective atarted and tamed pale even doubted antiquity, had no such ghostly stories totker Nest hasnt been wexed Vith so many visita- "Yes," returned the other, tboughtllUy,often been this tmt never knew tiaiiire of tbs ex-"nar part of the building, where a rude meal waa " In the back room, eating his supper," waa thateasytte adioumed to a small gangWhere is the man ?" said he.on his cheeks.swin^"The Tomtit accordingly crept stealthily into the passage, and getting on his hands and knees, ob- /^ti hb hanger, and was stirring the components tained a very excellent view, of the stranger. '^^a aecand glainfiil of pnnch -, "now, then, boys, Scarcely, however, had the Tomtit'a restless eye;butyour torsinthebloodyscene,savetneirowndisorderedportion of the country amyitery."travelers sridoa pats by—it's:4am with a liberal snpply of" whisky.looked so like"the were" A Byttery !" repeatsd TOsalit"Yes, a mysteiT. I have bean thinking there isimmediately.withhCrib is cribbed, and that's the short and long private room; " here's a confounded".•" What !" the ejaculatedgangone voice,heBeg," whispered,the Tomtit to taketrouble andlected the wannest aidecat followed his example, and lay enoring shortlyat k." observed the Tomtit, gloomily.na ran the leaat bit of a risk ; even a ' Nest' wasn't know, whereupon the 'Tomtit, looking around toOnce was fle^me the trade could be carried on, and none ofyou Buppos ethat man is ?"Ur. Beg, of course, intimated that he didp'tpeach, y "Itvonldbe aMeat im 'aving'ope,"I mean so bodi-I am not,"breath."cupiedsleep.hisAshe ontheflickeringem- WDOMwerecallthesehastyviewsofcharacter."Jg.werry;be seated, and listen.Perwail on the Tomtit 1" repeated Dick, con-sat gazing" Detective.^ ITomtit than that gentlemt<iItSl the same detereace a dog wpuld show to his mas-"*iS2l^Ua^st2ra.te^d, conndy. elegantiytianble of '«usehis brain Oh, kin on him." bers, a new idea gradually unfolded in ;But if we know them to be true," suggested thenow the thing gets every day more dan- satiify himself in the form of awere trumpethis hand buried in his haiids, and his head bowedas for his services a share in the of the generacy of the Tomtit yearly profitsItBceaaary ;.geT<)na.and the profits grow smaller.""theyalone, broughtdown, agony.be has contrived to acoompUsh the moat uaheaid-of rz-Botrwhat about Cr£ ?" inquired several of theand whispered" he Go on,"whenaway, lazyscornful hiscoun- out fromCan"g,.siia:iontly. " Crib,1continuedtheTomtit, actedlikeapre-.'" Hr.Beg'staceturneddeadlypals.interestHe mutt lit a woodertol 'etlow, toreJv."clous fod .lie " the "What" whispered,of our story." He is a woaderfol viUatai," replied Uuffy, cleael>- log his teeth, and at tbe tame time giving the reins a_I told him sll therJuB, but he was so blasted confident he kept lag-"Dirk Hattcn, with an oath, the moment his leader mencement of the evening, with the eaUbles, bot-had left bntJWg, »nd .jutting off, till he got cribbed. He pression plainly denoting his agitation. " Who orfollowed when awake, breathed in your ear revenge forthat's vot it is !"as it stood at the com-scattered about. The candles had violent jerk. ";you slept,youJBSt dose his peepers, and walk into the ^ ..Wjld pitI neither know keep this from the boys, they are savage enough now, but if they should findout the I couldn't control 'em. would truth, Theyand left atrail off and even eziltlng hi hi^ onngsnitlchig,"gee him," repeated tbe ether, "see bia;''heand then. In a calmer tsoe. eenttanea, "IEanveesde,en him yes, tianr ttaMS." Bis Up quivered-—"hCTit^any one helping him in;confound hun,ner can— guess Beg,the full in the eyes. speakergrease,which even on the upturned faces drippedmors appeared that idulged in s spree, y of hir aciueve- was incontinently I apoB by the Pftiladelphia police, who hudpo-" ;I Hmt seen hZB—he Is a wretch, a tcoon-_J bent «a the Isok-out for him.preacher involuntarily low cry.lence.•' Couldn't wcVHsvontIobserved DickXat-The yery same," replied Tomtit."You know"and banished all of would we repent of hasty jodgmeot—bow often mind, thoughts.^essei which itfire,"fto «le when the vind blows 'igh.""HeaiDt going to peach," said Mr. Beg, aa-around to find tryingfeatures litknowthem to beso," rejoined.beysDetective?"" The same," rejoined the Tomtit, with an ex-Veil, it't mean,—he did not for the bad left the as narrated in ourejaculated There stood the table,the Tomtit fornance of a human being to something unreal and'i'liere was a of from the general grunt approvalDick seated himself in a more comfortablebad artet- all blow-upthe Kiaie over Government has offered a reward ofkeepmg,not saying notlaBg private eonweniencea, and a idaca,five thousand dollam for the*';.whereabonta, and this has been Duffysneaking aroundthe room as hespokethereuponwinked in a sarcasticitexpanded,ugly" we If1session of the rrwardas some private aim he ;strange.I feel that I haveunintentionallyalarm- Tomtit could beprevailed upon,it would be al- round, and 'uplooked at hismore lenleat This man, you tmy.Is bad?" trulyr^, to tha matter of that," remarked TowtU, •ebundrel managed to escape me; he may ilia- '^ke'B keep tUngs dark, and may be set them 00 goiee himsitihi as mil^ aa he likes, he can't cheat Itownm seent—let 1dm alone for that. Bnt;^^« B^" eentaraed the gentleman, " that iao'c a»Atng; we cant spare Crib; why the whole twMra of ua are wanted for nest week's job, and"He's aisgnlsed, then T" said Mr. Be^ amazedright eye to wink again, knowingly, " there ain t no use to perwail on the Tomtit, but it comes to my mind ther thing might be done vlthout perwail- ing !"wm.a.-.» half-suppressed breathing. The above l5 all of this ttoi 7 that will be pulled At the liirther end of the entry was a small In our columiis. Tbe contlnuattan of It from wserj It leaves off here can be found only to the New- Yorjt. fMbwas such a locksmith that his servicesmyhistory>U tie stores throughout Citr tae JMw- are sold. Kemember and ask forwere thinks'he's-nSoiowBto me, but I'll payhSioff could have ever wished."Theburglars gazed hardat each other at thii tern. This waaand the burglar with stealthy, cat like pace^ pro-^^•/old,bnt it ia |nst our confounded lucf rejoined the Tontit, with a silentyet," impreca-"Alas sad ! it must be alit, the slide carefully closed,pspera mi a*»m Voik which will bs re«lyTje wmffi, with this brief reference to the val- tion. "I'll getxiiof liim,but it mustn't be donepreacher.It 19," rejoined thement was not wholly unpopular.How yer going to manage it ?" asked once.ceeded in the direction of the Detective's room. Itvouwliriindthe conttnuaUoa of tbe story fromwhere It leaves off here. ~. Not many months before, he had accidentally ,._«.._.»»•. -m,•utif»J?*;Vr 5L'JKIflwofMr. Crib,a third |i» of whisky punch, and to swaUowFetch me a lantern —^ Tea understand me."'•Wt^ogaiificatimaproceeded tosolemnly— his feel-several at "Yell, afore that's told, yer must swear yer ills*"•. "Ma with a look of becoming sorrow andwhich he believed was unknown two copies at $3. The•ngooi^»o<aA^aa»naiflDatlon. "alacrity.overwhelmedthe candle had burnt out and 'heapartmentto the TomUt and his confederates.The matter and nowitAahe's gone," conthined the Tomtit musimdz.he hisi with re^trdedfitfulflashes of the burning embers gave lurid gleam the New Testament. would prove of use to him.your letters to Vxibert Park-row, New-Yors. ItSaniasuppose it's best to try« difcrent idan;afamily pa^ In the"Now listen, you tools, to my reasons," continu- who are clothed in fine linen, and fare sumptu- hardly known few travelers ;" without yourremarks,Imustconfess,dkldiatnibme."" I wased the as the overawed villains ously every day, to talk about their cares Tomtit,angrily, "tumbling over himself.Poor vun !" replied Ur. Hatton, in a tone thatbut,is between that and the there'll be such missed, joba hue and raised that we won't dare to show crytrees and shrub- tangled" I told he's lost his He went to bis carpet-bag and took out a smallmay-bethe Allright,"aanoaaoedthatweitiiy,withaMghtfolnow do Yell, s'poseUr. Uolecat.The Tomtit shook his head contemptuously.reminiscence, and continued:Beg replied evasivelyIs bfgb time the innkeeper was up my horse at gvs.""be wis 10 harnesscountryplentyunearthlywhich arible to children's and listened to eventhe team's harnessed,' tomcd the dgndsnUeaatty.Here,as that individualin an excited followed him back.again to ther' Because,"quiet possession,questions asked,- has baa the" It'M" asyou were tortured with a fiend that never left you— watched when that youpaid."suggested* " gone to snooze."he "foritshardonto ,I'm gomg myself," added midnight.";" what would Now, tl^en,looking te the landwhere, as the good St. Paul says, we shall re.tp a terious-looking habitations, long untenanted.which leave the room, " tell that old 'oman *nv youm thatooadngdown guess yourhim,"—there would begrowinginterest forspectral ligmsus pervide anyIf ther T omtit missesabout the and the horse cari)et-bag, likely enoughmy" up And notreligion.";might take it into liis head to come back—tinued Dick, as Mr. Beg vanished, us that if he conld."ain'tobservedstrangerwithvaguehorror.The Detective, Utileof the me charaeterbut. Tomtit,Never you trouble your head for that, it will indication that the argument was unanswerable,Ah, there is a secret in every man's breast that heof Us Miewed them tans ihs sir.lu. Uolecat scratched hisintUght fog otasenred the gloomy expanse af toest.fma ready to tell the news. In the first place. Crib peered within, than he gave a start of surprise, and more softly" Since thenof the hearth. Hr. Hole- existence of a place similar, as I Aotfd Jadaa.tathi. ,Ihiffywhat should bring himalone,suddenlyraised hiuisahup,chapter.vvtruld 'a^e broken 'is 'ed afore he'd let sich gamelong' sagtttiaon.thing yst to kill him ; as priaching."he would tie missed as sureharsh words to ase, even of those who maymU here. Nowthen.Beg,listen;and the Begtell:served, preacher, though But,very good thing say,glance;" Is this the one who has been find our Nest ?" inquired Beg."so long to" poor Stop, myon him 7"of thenodded bis laeadl, and flew off withdiscovered the existence of a secret entrance to LedgerkeyNo one entertained a ^teatai admiration of thetime, perhaps, BOW."Iyou,hlUs ofIn any portion of the UnMn «^f»JShS^ ^Sz^you getfor thepains-since its given uppleasures,""In a short ttane the truth of the okserrsiioa was eoi-close to Ur.Beg's ear, thoughconvuleed with some internalmurmured, faintly.as tliat ob- trade, which, gentleman sagaciously"was aas the old novelsbones," muttered he, sur-hereund looke<lUis lace seemed transformed from the counte- flii\ 1 ut, blast my peepers, he's gettin' dummy." of the sleepers. Throwing another log on thetear this man to pieces, but. Beg, that mustn't be tHey must be led off ;to and earnest contem- slightly.;you pony.;there was somethiagaint worth picking, if you set your mind on package; "this," said he, "is oar breakftst; for it would be tho worstdespairhnr.Tlarsexpressionviews,sition,gave waydeep" deepest dye. ";;tryingI have ing him as he was about to rise ;the Kest' is; —andsteepwaythat led toit,of asked questions; of of dark stories could be told, ter-as anhead, expressivewhere ilieadful murders were said to have would, perhaps, never reveal." As the preacher been perpetrated, still haimted by the troubledcigars. " YotThe was momingdampgo.;yetsorrowful,pay.placeupto listen todarisg,discovery—glance I am not what Itemptuously. Ur. Hattonyes, yer perwail;Yot's Arkhimyourself," said Hr. Beg, withsomeCHAPTERII.a figure v«ifaich, the mere sight«^ would have moved —in the 1" morninghis bench nearer the fire, took oat a rilver repeater and com-loweringsomething about this house and its inmates that I do nofUko."cigar fron^month, aint;at^fjjim-done thia, and;replacedits fob, Ur. Detective Duffy proceeded to warmthe detective arose and cautiously belted the are," rejoined Hr. Hatton, gleefully.Now, boys, frighten me be from,"—mJL fai-legs, slowly upcontemplative mood, alternately gazing in tbe fire, then around the room, and finally, with ne emailhe re- business."I believe," said he, spsaktnap The oath was accordingly administered in duechief with -ato let him shareit for awhile. Poor fellow," continued 'the innkeeper, looking scotmdrels,reckon won't youobjectrow arterthe old feller, snd saiaah in 'is daylight in short chieftain, and what heman," said Ur. Beg,modestly entered" detective,"Werry good," said Ur. Uolecat, "approvingly.clad in a cloak soiled wilh mud, aud bore in long" You think there isdanger, then,"observed theyon getand tumble it over the&ces of the sleeiiers.buried inone hand thecontact with the earthalso much stainedhe had' evidently been;111 maasge that'Tchimed in anotherComing to Diekt \;saddle-bags, ;by" the Averygreatloss.Sir," replied prcacher.butftobincompanions,hechangedhistonetooneof "Who'sthere?"he withhis"andwho withasigh, forIamapoorman."I've racketanother cove "such a"you look much fa-cengratnlated self on ills having made a moat fortunate asi" a long other.;walk, and the excitement consequent upon a se-rious accident, have indeed somewhat unstrung imagineimezpectediy—;"I do," said the preacher, quietly ; keeperthe inn-;but. Sir,through so little could be told.;Tou all know next when they have experienced the trials that I have"after all," rejoined Daffy, strft- ; it seemed to roe that I bad seen onefamili"passednave endured;when they have borne hunger, cold, Ruggedbut'im cominp here for anyhow 7"athe men beforetalk about their cares and preach as many homi- gloomy expanse giant oflies as on contentment and they pleaseabout his heface but morestioat thatpresendy;"the" saidface. Sir, it" How likethose," eyes meeklypreacher,byonlynot only those cares, but something else.youceiving his companion appeared hurt, he added:occupants" It looks," continued theThe Tomtit sfieeted" greatsome fancied wrong, or"old manroom,"'V'unce wos ther time ther Tomtitandone by one away,.,," Do you ever see htm ? Inquired tbe TomUt, no-/awiul. There was so much agony, grief,andand on rage restingevery lineament,villain of Oie a Hush !" said tbe disatmbfas, soltly.These arely harm to youof our conlinut'd the detective, wi»h a hurriedresurnedlears,"us, not so much for the pos- veem. You have deemed my manners wild and and significant manner, 'indicating that if theand more definite, grewwith a ofgrin triumph.companions.till hisHe turned Some stillfinish,introductory tlesglasses burntAsntetively, "not he, I know him to be a boBy aSat a regular Detective, or he might be led off ed you, but your observations brought back pas- together -a singular and unprecedented circum- moved, and he coslioued quietly to pnff at Us " I do his Infamous character Is widely known. ;;"isfor ua lioth."the chief himself, none widded 10^werfolcanghl involuntarily by sitiat : at"so fiiUofhave inspired the beholder with ing.out two" these are modem inventionswas"That behig, got through vith," continued Dick, thiaw himself down on the floor and coaatHMtedpreacher."No immediate danger, Ibarglar.deep slnmber, hethe ashe relumedhiding-place.boltand look outyourbed, fect of hit remarks, it chinked, and Beg says;J"MVpatt tkat one wonU •MliTritMeAbTflie tuMaiataUrdrietawy and -It Is gone, mntlerad the preacherIm ^^bM. T« wouU," •acgartad Dick wuq^« ott from the door, whkli Hr. l^g held open,%iul then recoveiiBg tais self-possession, he said, with a Bccnstomed to be led and directed by hb superior There stood the Tomtit with his badr''j- ^•'Mred repidly off.feeble smile—" Only sUgfataualm ; it is over new."" I am nee^essly depriving you of your rest,"judgment as well as controlled by Us fertile and almost dose to the startted burgisT. &i< powerful mind ; they, therefore, had some reason be held a lanteim, hi the other a pietjiia 'wfia"iKaidv'lance ; tlMB" Vell,'^ said Dick, impatiently, " vot's ther mat- moment, he would have been still more siiiJiiUsil;The Lord will be gnide," a^ the preacher, my"ashort,burlyvillain,whohadhithettomaintamed eyessndfamocentexpressivefeatoiaaBiaatk»»The'Sniious gang that it was«nly a traveler who hid there 'was a story connected^rith that figure, a tais be off as soon as possible." A brief pause en- himself to the fortimes of Tomtit lost an eye in bis contemplated the fue a few moments, thsn sSCr^a jolly looking pcred Ur. B^.big carpet bag,"brokra, of hospitality abused, of wrongs perpe-Deeaf ttedsad. nevcttheless feaied the oeassMMaaa of laihilM^Iy paUor of his in an nadertaklkig nnaanc^londlUsafMseemearivetedwith themTontRwa*ngaidedwHhafeeliDgeven GttaAillyekainr^eim,ha1 ';As early as dawn," replied Duffy I must Irosiness moredangerousthanprofitable,hejoinedbnr^Iv advaneed'towsrds the bench where the 4Mae-suchaplaceasIfancymight hefeltlikeitordeemedthesnbjeetworthtalking —of be the rendezvous of villainy," replied tlie oU abont"If," said he, nieeldng nnconsdondr'lair slood," be had kept Umsell aw^ from ttellM I might spared Irs bnt he has sedid MiJ^ftn:Hfe,olsck having "preacher,gameyourdifference;ie^^Smm- even plumtama skall sot.-thebut aa I with Ur. Dick liquor,after him- satisfyingmesheshave yoa been pomaM «eterruptedthewe must Im mnm beforeafter a few seconds, listeningtoassarehim- rmsckthisandthenwelldoorself the movement was unnoticedere book,tinctivelv gazed at ffaecontfameo^the bnrglar mri^Mat scowl at the sleeper; "what mad destinr iiifBlid you here? poor fly, von are already iiiliaalail fat the web'sfor years, only to fall hiPhilip HaxBoa"—earnestness of hiasuddenly stopped, for his practiced ear ewmM the-sliantknow sonndofDick'sretreat, afiaid almost to move, tint vifiWn tad ra-isinnkeeper honest-look"ing enough,Hatton,self that no one was eavesdropping, lowered his;or weother, excitedly, place,ferent that the detective involuntarily pansed. Beg."getically, parson " " " "the bed luck to lose his horse by some nasty acci dent and wants lodgings for the night; seeing;bemay overheard,"in- voice and saidjaa Good," see as I was passing to this room, I oaught sight it."frightenedbreathfaw.AftjH ta-a little crevice, which the douse himself"Hy adwice," continned Mr. Hatton, "is to make out to ther old 'oman that we start to-mor-malned in tl>e sameIn one moment Tomtit'sstopped someofthosewhodidwereneverheardfrom aintapoor'un!"any unpleasanta ebeustons ppithough;added, pullingmy pals done it was veil done.""main in this room, to on a bench then comes ther I'mI have made arrangements to re- preferring sleepratherihantmst"boded no good to that gentleman. 'Whatever might have been iiis feeUngaar;plseedinstfaietlvely st their head:""Wheredoyonpraposegoingto-morrowVin- thingcanbedone'andsomely; buttheboys,you everyfeaturewithaaaxpreaaknhalf1tive lay baried in prafonnd slnmiber; as Imhave been well over, ft stirring the fire, for its expiring embers were Ur. Snag seldom spoke, bnt when he did, he on the fonn of the leaping old man, hia co^Zlpassed already casting deep shadows around the apart- was listened to with attention, it being a pitoc^la nance gradnally resinned its cold, Vriwij u.lantern was atttognliii- ed and all wss in profonod darkness. Sbs terri- " he looks pretty nigh fagged out." have met before—dont be alarmed, I may be mis- course ; then give ther Tomtit ther slip : 'ed off fied wretch well knowing the eharaetas «( WahardlymyselfBis companion, whose face was one of a marked nothing abont. The deor, as you see, has a good ther Tomtit doesnt cars no vay, iong as the thing's further, bnt left the room as quietly as tas came,smiling. "Prudence is—stances connected with it the Tandt soour nerves have more to do with that than— himself and the miinatnre all tiioetkiMfWletlguitMiiH I'or ifav lunduess ol' hia friend, BBgtily. "'Ther Tomtit i« werry alvti «U at vunce,snrv^af(for Fool," he muttered between his clenchedhumming Look here, my cronies, this n oise wont do.CHAPTER III.The Burglar's Nest was well named.unbolted. "Goodmeming."quoththeDetective,that.""Yell," I should like to know," re"joined Mr." Is your business, tiien, so very urrteBt F"Terv much so," sasa ered tne Oelestive, with a hisforehead,asthoughtoobliteratesomepainful insowildandunfrequentedaportionofthecoun Ur. thattheTomtitliad hastyglanceathliwatchandthsnatUwdock."ItHatton, with a frightfiil imprecation, vot's set The preacher paused and passed his hand across though for what purpose could hardly be conceived, Im coming 'ere for 7 Vere's ther Tomtit 7"lit with the enthusiasm ofnoises were heard during the day varietyus, •' yswntavern,said this he again regarded bis companion atten- spirits of the victims ; the sign swinging mourn- inquired Dick, suggestively.eomlagkering care ; or locked up in your heart's casketsome dark, gloomy picture that yoa would fain"half-way" houses and "Boar Heads" of oldentervard."" "Yell, vot's he doing here 7" interrupted Dick." 'Von have vMted these parts befMS," reamked?" exclaimedwas social and Beg opmed,;per-and,somethingabout It that has aangly,.night.time, but the "Burglar's Nest," though of un-tbe counterisit with a ensuing glsaerIhi!approaching .footsteps,andgivingthesignMr. DuSy heard a soft Itnock. asked,to" Why the question ?" he asked, almost fiercely. Now and then somethinadark and tragical would tions for years and years. It looks werry bad." istence of thatwatayv,ern. It is strange that a poblieDuffy, there, everythinglively enough,as Ur. was necessary.sssntdoas lo<A." " 80 you said last evening," rrjousdme TomtitThe formercouple, who, having mysteriously disappefred,Snaglongexpenseas a tav- under the table with his cigar in hit month. TheForaloBg periodStlaerast.reofasolesofPUIadelpMaboUemlottsbywas fittedface scmething that has happened that you would ern, according to the suggestion of the Burglar rest after some very weak attemptsrowful noteither I read in ;your lyrenttoof the Nest were an oldMr.since dropped asleep, having,nythe rendezvous of an eztewlve ssaselstina of boxfliese fellows, who. so far, have toceeedef-tn eiodiog the like to suppress if you coula ; pardon me again." Chief, and Ur. Beg obtained the appointment of Hr. Dick Hatton, dropped off, leavUif that individ- vigUanee of the poUce, and. Indeed, of the State Oo> - He paused abruptly, for the detective's face wa.s custodian of the same, receiving as a recompense ual in the midst of a long dissertation on the de- sniment Their leader Is a man who unites tlie mo^ t cossoininate villany with a reeklgps, latrepid spirit .years ago he was on our trark. I have been sions that ought not to be 'read or traced on this stance. cigar till a half-hour had elapsed, and he fdt sure " Oh," exclaimed he, with sudden energy, wouldWkenagoodopportunityoffered,tmtthewiry "Othersmightnotnoticeitas1have,''obsee:rWMspokeanother"wlienhismindismade it's glidedi-rftlyoutoftheroomhe pansed cautious- Pkilip Uandm." hissed a low by ;aScsh. ;^ "Ofcoi)TS*.hai»7^-that fktnesa isnt reaL Hacloset;hegroped his way easily there, and afterthe preacher." True, others might not, but you, I see, can\ reua'4the face well."" Then I am right," said the preacher sadly. "Bight?" repeated the other ;" why ask that" I tell yer vot, boys," said Dick, causing hia heard but the ticking of the clock, and his own tive's heart. . .., .7 have read more of question youa short search succeeded in a dark lan- findingLedger, the great famUy P;P«!i*»2' JV^L'wSnerSe the andooaiiW,than I history," said th^' " other "somemay The old inan paused,;but not now notThe Is mailed tobypeachtother Tomtit."l>f,^*^±^ ^^^^ 1»ingsyn what, boys, I have • giaat mtod t» pof^wQe ter, and w»8 cODtenftod aa leng as he could testify around. Bolt upright ih^ preacher sat in the same The burglars hesitated; inflamed vrith liquor, By the aU of his lanlem the burglar soon found characterized by a high moral taso.Untitled Documentitlet us resume the threadugly peeringof Mr. Hatton'sshraiik back and uttered a his brawny fist on the table w iih tremendous \ 10- ney, and when a probability was present-at thisthat the who rendered theui more eniplKitic by bringing plation. Next to himself Dick loved mo- dre"l, adeserve ed of obtaining It, he seldom stopped them : oft do we ooitdsam without reileraoo, our Mole- to consider the risk incurred, or the policy of prejudices leadteg us to violent extiemcs ; but eoald saiil Puffy, catching him by the arm, and rnstrain- cat, niiAuig a whisky toddy, and swallowing it at a the undertaking. The plot he had hatched oc- we listen to the vmce of reason and trath, hew oftenfellow,frightetied you,"perwailinquiredpeatedand regarding his companions with an air of defi-dooat; years mightSnsfr, takingance. Dick's right and blow ma if yoa allas he or I.Yun-eyed Snag, yer a trump, th"at's vo\ yerorder"scrambled ont of thethe secret door, with the most inco^caivMMayMd traced his way back to the room; faiaaamialaaneargame,vich villpleasethe old'omtn,ofthereMr. Hatton's quick ears de-eunningeye,sition at that particnlar moment he pneaadad'no- Ur. Dick Hatton fait quite reBeved aihia hishim-ipibag of Mr.; but, surely, you do not intend to risk Detective Duffy, which they now firmly oelisved incumpidiensflile to the dull brain of'yousparkled at the mention of thecarpet"Usdressy andthenproceededtotheDetective'sroom.repliedHe lost his horse over the"I well also," slepttheBeg," called Dick, as that gentleman turned to ther boys go arter game to-norrow, so she needn'tttt;IrMdysoon."yer goingparson, boysMMm. Amongst astootdngtwinkleinhisat kis eom- Vot's ther tother fellow doing here, too 7 Yy, panlon. " I h^vedrowsiness.hadwith characteristic regard for his own comfort se-soaslcions haia bsea eoagnae-'. Years ago," ecatlnaed the Detsettsa,^ I heard qf tk ;" Snoozeveying them with atenance looked even demoniacal,the cloud of smoke that hung around the room.having great tslent for nenoiiatkw ana actus, plotts."up,made." ly in the passage and listened nothing could be and the TomUt'i knife pointed straight to the detec-bold speech, but it was easy to see that the senti-Ledger, MMfaj.won'tUr. Hatton thereupon took out a dlrty^opy of had been carefully kept :to himself,lovetnie again, and tni* time with a eo^, rraoMM ta*As I wssI met vehicle will lierstomed T«B-Old Bow theboiglarchief; whointhe thonghtshsd spoken half dond,spparentiyhim attentivelyscross his face as he did so an eipreealon thatef Mr.snd uncoaimoaly cress."Mr.bleg gUnced meaidngly at the Tosstit who i»-firmedsleepr, very stnpid,the coiioier- feU, " that Is different though charity would make us— "you have Wm here!—he Is sltllng by yosr^^^lettiMtttig1. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 