 mud to be to preparation ia honor of teekMUof th*s«aedroniss*Be»niiygood|Bareas anter * * '—' or brsndy setaf ahaat the onrj which haile that tar boas, found aeO'CLOCK P M .PROfiHESSOFTOPRINCEOFWALES aponthesubjectsou-coir,aaueatwhenoaeof teem- Yorkers nearly aS ^ & ^ J " " * •*••• "-**ate ao email P^anre from the Prtacet ball,aa toey choose te designate u, and every lady yon meat tt determined to be there,Coroner Gamble concluded ease of Robert Foster infantof No l » East Seventh streetand ream, they pot men Web fat na lor tae night, though tt a eavael.v ukely that severa. pushed a s terout fMaadproceededtoWeistormy sad wot. There waa a multitude of visiters from abroad. Use -toaster irabttn brwaght to. baawrodpar sons from Quebec, and the Westmoreland four hundred from Brunswick. Soma of the excursioattts had to camp oat. The prepsratlOBS for the Prince's receptions were good. The Prince, who wore a cotoael's BBiform, landed oader eight royal salutes from the ships aad battery, in eluding a French ship. He was received on Queen 'a wharf by tbe officers of the government, members of the public bodies, members of the clergy and bar. aad deputationsNottune**-*)'" tbe lion and o.' tbe turns of the;great Southernt Breckinridge fnate Conven- Jersey Republican Con eation; ReElections Descriptions of tbeto different pieces tud ofThe larger yacht* being commodore, iuat a* this tarts* the "outer porch Croat tbe Maria came I drreeted attention to the •wad, signify tag a return Wosignal rtistsanr of the of the *,eadroB was eatesapk'," a waraiBg gon across tbe wator. which Seating frosa her matt-si New York and Long Islandon the BepuUiatn office, valued at the same sum. that Dm\- Burke, of Grand street; he came once after the child was Monday night las? Graphic Account of the SummerIPB0GEE88 OF SHIPBTJILDnrGActlrlty of •naltosea IFiitai>»3 • *the Coating Fall—A Visit go ttoe l a sjto ."Velsrhborltood erf t h eCity. dU.,ate.No surer or a»oio ratable index of the nruspmlly aad welfare of onr commeroial res)ttoat a to be toond than la t h e a c t i v i t y o f t b e s h i p b a i l d M f t r a i n 0$ o u r c i t y . I t s p r o grem hi in a direct ratio with the spread and demands of cotsmerte. either interna! mjforeign, and gives employ- meat to many thooaaada of ogr artaaas aad workmen.Tbe shipping interest [in this country b a t beet, steadily on the increase, aad with the m- coptioo of a few abort pertodiaal aUjnations, caused by th-j financial crises during the past half century,tor the oysters—confident. and more than confident, teatbath States will go for Douglas, tee people's choice. Oar0 0 , 7 . w j * «• t**t we had a hundred such bate. Wesaid it was a strong dose; Istrong medicine, but be saidnetsandnothis Igotfourpotdersandretaraedhome: about half past ton o'clock my wj 1 gave the child half of one of the powders, the powdertea child did not swallow it allof its mootb and probablyway; in about a quarter of ancame to me aad said the childchild and foand tt ta conMrs. Smith, who remained withey garethecon.anchorage.sordtagfr camelaid be bad bosa seat by The aeeetaary papers have bean nauwd ta th* bands of ter had gone in thethe President of the Katanyan Bank, of thai city. to waitthe result of tee election in Nivember next. If ..Douglascartttt Illinois and Wisconsin we win tee bet. L'heooesnot carry both States, we lose. If we are beaten, we srebeaten for tbe worth of material to this office bat beaten I went to Dr. fnroaU's drug or not, it will not aftect the publication of the paper or Itscontinuance We do not claim to be a betting man. butwe wanted to make 25 600 this fall, and anew of no easier. Burke, as the lat- y; the next time talked with my wife line for tbe diarrhea,The e f « »AUGUST l i , tt CtVM Ul»•%•L.\uu*—Atiora^ntown.K.J.,onFriday.At*ar.id. Joaar.'i* Lauus,ofMawYorkettr.The l tseral ssnrices will be bald oa Bandayat half r wrt ten o'clock, to the nwasnd street kptocopsi,anarch The reieilvoaead trmnda art mnied without fur .'her notice.fact stores, and prsteadsd aa far a* Fisher's Ietend, whoathe wind »n a f " » »** eastward briefing up attain oatof tbe thick toga hteldont to fab teantity, wntsh enfetopedmrju,M, » stthl lite a garment The smaller yachts,which batraa hoar th* start of the others, disappearedeatiraty from n o w aad were separated from the toae.area. It • probable teat, iadiag the daager to which ais» tbe French Commodore s ship Pomene. The day was they woold be ex need if tMykept on tmoog tee r«*BiMtelllareace.W . Flue, democrat, tt elected•tb*The yachts, with one•boat and oader easy sailThe Zouave kept on aad IBbat a ghostlike spectre, fad gradually into indistinct of promiaent cttixens He waa conveyed to the Clover-he called was on Monday he and said he weald give some and left a preaariptton: ta tbeearae, aad was soon bid fromTbe balance of the day has U in vaits to NewIxadon, ride* In the victon; beat saihnjt. aadin avenue A to have it to a clerk. who it it was for a child, Ihim the child was and numerous tasteful arches were erected The balco way to do it. We mads tbe bet aa we would make oae three or four days eld. after he elghed the medicine heof the Utile, Provision and Money Markets, and atl in- teresting aewa of the preceding weak, received by tele- graph or otherwise. Stogie copies, ta wrappers, can be bad at tea counter of the office, comer of Fulton and Nas- sau streets. Price sis cents.Ofaeelatl O m w t n g r t o f H o . OTA'S (joatolidatod Lotteries of GeorgiaCoats eui. ABBBBT a, :1MB.S3, 40, 63, 64, 16744, 35, 4, §6, 3. 71, 66._ o u a aajLTAUOCTT ». Wa*,31, 12,1, 63, 35, 64. 33. 3, 44. 66. 36, 46, 36, 77.C u s s 406, ACGCST 10, 13*0,19, 64, 70, 59, S3, 43, 15, 06, 6, 10.other sccojtttttaa wl•II aahllel' m reapecUolly invited to attend tbe funeral, from 3 » ¥i v i street. N Y . attwoo'ck^thtttfkdardayiafleraoon, without furtherto Sew Loasnn nothingtag about eight o'clock, at Annapolis; IditortoJa on Protaineat Topics; Reports»y tortted to attend the tuners '• ^ ** late raai- Teate street, at two o'chx ^ thtt (baturday)afprogreas here for the reception of the coming British hasmetwithnodrawbacks,;<«tbeeoatrary,science Prince.Theyarecertaialyextensive,aadtheirestimatedan 1 art hare lent their aid in no other department of handiwork more particular!)- loan to this. Thoagh we cannot as yet boast of the hsaamas tannage of so an-cient and no commercial a nation at Great Britain, we have hopes for tbe future in tbe steady and marked progress which we have already mage; In everything that pertains to naval architect are. American skill and American tnge- ncsty hare produced stadia to thai respect which are everywhere recognized as the best. It Is hat a few years since the ] Russian government sent a special agent to this conntry to bare a steamer built for them, aad at tae present day many of the French war veaaeS jare of American build, having been purchased from private parties who employe!theminEuropean and other trade. Evasthe mammothGroatEasternitanimitationofandaaim- provementupontbemodelofoarownnobleNiagaracost tt from 260.000 to 2100,000 though the population ofthe city falls short of SO,000 inhabitants. The advancedsquadron of tbe British West India and North AmericanSect, accompanying his Royal Highness the Prince ofWales, and under the command of Admiral Sir FransisMilne, waa expected here to-day, but it has not yet beensignalled either at farther Point or River du Loop. Itconsist* of three large vesiela, two of them frigates. Perhaps there are few places in America which could possi terday by Coroner Jackmaa, at No 651 Water street, then stirred It with my linger sad gare it to the child;biy poetess more interest for the yoathful Prince than the old city of Quebec. Here tt to be seen nature in all her grandeur of great and small rivers, distent mountains, waving corn fields, and a peaceful, hilly and auOquated city, frowned upon by hundreds of cannon and mortars of all sixes and ranges. Soldiers and the membersofvarious religiousordersoftLcCatholic churchformnearlyone-halfthepopulation,andare everywhere to be observed. Then there are the ancient walls, Marte-lio towers, bastions and other formications of the city, til oi which will, more or less, possess their in dividual aad united interest for hit Royal Highness theCircularssentfreep2eaargebyaddTOatbigeitherto WOOD. RDPT A CO., Wunuagwa. Delaware. Or to WOOD, KDD1 * C X. aX Loia, Missouri.•Draw Inart of France. Bruad bent* d» Co.'a De^ware loatrttB— ISoaaax Conmrr, Cum 190. ASCSBT 10.1860.71, llTW, 14, [7, Si, 10, 8. 57, 31, 15. 69. ConaousitTaa Lotraar. Catss 137. ACCOST 10, 18*:.cutfurther invitation.TIEKS—At Orange N. J., WnxiA» M. TIBS.-, aged 91 *years.The friends are respect/oily invited t» atten ' tiie fun?ral, from the residence of his father m law. .lobe Har kensie. No. 3 Pitt street, corner <ef lirand, 00 Sunday afternoon, at one o'clock, without farther noticel»S<fcLLAK!£4->lfc.APPRAL TO SOrTHITRyAMD WK>TER!T MRR''KA!rr^ >Nl« THK PI'BMt1 lie attempt to impnae a spnnoun cemnsnl^ c. r,n o • vnoand an American yacht at promt u the pride of theroyal yacht squadron of England. With no much doaealready, and wttb met. prospects for tbe future, it canhardly be deemed idle to contectore that the day is notfar distant when American vessels will equal, if not sur- Prince of Wales. The military programme in Uiis de-by nietc5 0f drugbepenly adienisedfor suih uurpow. T ae Season a bit a n d Kaik ionable Cassi meres. wretched ate.fl hnpudeatlv offered t-\tb« putil'. a., hrhiiAOf>«.pass,In tonnage,aa theynow do in speed,beautyand model, those of Great Britain.' Oar rapidly growing com saoree, extending. day by day. to newer aad more dis- tant nations, wooM seem t i be a proof of this.Frosa the subjoined report of a visit to the va- rious shipyards in tbe vicinity of tbe city, the geae- raiactivityofthebusinesswill beobservable.The present to bat tbe opening season of the work, aad from indications BOWrisible thecoming (allpromises to he an unusually busy oae at the shipyard*. It certainly •riliprovebatterthanit hasbeanwtteia thepast sreyean. Work la pbmty,aid shipwrights are receivinggood gf,—$: f t a day, we believe. In fact, there if waatthereviueatof IT.Burke Tioosly: on Monday 1 prescri prescription shown me.Mr.~ next day and he said tbeMadefromthebest,WaaasuttaandwatertwistmusUa. Depot WBChatham street, corner of Pearlpresent earned on throughout the various shipyards, isthe Bomber of steamers upon the- stocks. The applica-tion of steam to every variety of water craft 1a fast be-coming universal- But a .single packet ship la now in Prmce, and aatil his Royal Highness has emharked.course of construction to this! city, aad tbe smallest vea ask are being built with steam power to propel them.A TISW TO WfE SHIPYARDS.Our reporter yesterday raited the various ahipyar- isupon the east side of tbe city, and we give below tbe re- sult of his research. The bWy ham, the ringing axesAs soon as the landing of the Prince has taken place,the address of the city shall be presented to the Priaeeby the Mayor, accompac'ed by the Councillors and citi-zens of Quebec. A special place shall be reserved at tbe on geological investigations. landing for the public functionaries and bodies receivingthe Prince-Q. Have you anything toto tee charts here preferredwas very natch troubledalthough I vary much regretof rhubarb, I do not think e death of tee child was occasioned by the opium it on account of the small quantity it swallowed and thtf iergth of time (sixteen hours) that elapsed before Its loath. The mother states that one-third of a power was riven, which reduces tee dose to a one sixth of a grain, and tbe father states that one half of teat quantity was lest in administering it.buyers are oCered great inducements.O. CHERIS, 17 Broadiand clanging hammers, ahowod Oae setivtty with progressing At the yardas^aa wBsrsii'vsrr, a beaatifol atie-wbeei. The Coroner teen announced that he would be com- pelled to hold the physician tolbail ia the sum of 6500 toBOCHOIR 8EWINO MACHINSX. HABBIW P A TKNT— This, celebrated a e w unprored double thread, price aolw StO. Salesroom Ko 61* Broadway, epposite the St. Nicaoaaaor HOTSTO\ STSBBT,• upon the stocks, in- tended far Messrs. Spoiord s Taeston, to be run upon theColonel Chas. Robins, of New Orleans, tt stopping at him by the Crand Jury. The necessary security being CARjrsKAft—Bsxgv CABRBKA#, youngest son of J. R and IH1APK«T INSrBANCk IN TTfE WORLD.Charleston thw. She is rapidly approaching completion, and wit! be launched abouo the middle of SeptemberHer length on deck is Sat libit, beam 37 feet, and depth of >£ :eet. She ia thoroughly fastened and very biUt lU r model tt handsome, sad such aa toUsui., groat speed.The Messrs WosterreQ have bam just launched theGuadaiquirer, which is to take tbe place of an- upon the Havana lids, withdrawn a abort time aiaea on account of its uaseawortey condition. The ia a pretty huh) paddle steamer of 375 tons 15- feet in length,'23 feat beam, and 10 feetTbe alliens of yuibec on tbe line of proeeasion are in- vited to orr amic t the front of their respective houses."n the evening of the Prince's arrival a genera! illumi cation shall tace place, commencing at eight and ending at ten o'clock. Toe citizens sre most specially invited to leave in the;.- rerpective bouses persona for the aeanrity of their premises during the illumination.Should it be a rainy night, tbe illumination snail be nostpoutd to the following Monday night, at the same hour.If tbe illumination takes place on Saturday, a gran:! sis play oi fireworks shall be given, on tbe Esplaaade, on Monday night, beginuiag at eight o'clock. The citizens are requested to adhere nrictly tn the rules laid down by Oae Police force to avoid con fusion aad accidentsHon- Anton Burlingame, of Massachusetts; R. Dougla,--, F>q., « Georgia; Mr. Paulding, and Mr. J. N. Barney, bote of the United States Navy, and X. Monroe, Esq., of Georgia, are stopping at tee Aster House.forthcoming, IT. Allan was thereupon discharged.B r o o k l y n Ci ty N e w s .Snr IDF. —Ac old man name John Walton, residing atNo. 57 Grass lane, committed suicide on Thursday night' W e are aew making, without exc*p-..uc. the best S A P ! Rose Hermandez Carreras, from a fall oil a tree,at the age ever oflered to the pnbiie. Onr Safes pieeti re theo- eoatmnt of 12 years and 1 month. when exposed to fire m the best manner, and our BURULAJt Tbe friends or the family are requested to attend tee PROOF SAPB denes tbe werld Anv one about t-purchase tifuneral, this (Saturday 1 afternoon, at four o clock, iron requested to call and examine for themselves- We give BBSbe everywhere hoard, the wort: at present isE M. Reach, Esq., of South Carolina; Lieut. C Huse,of tbe United States Army; F. W. 8mith, Esq., and family,and W. J. Hatchms, Esq., all of Texas, and W. T. Jynes,Esq., of Virgmtt, are stopping at the Fifth Avenue Hotel. answer any indictment that 1 might be brought against o'clock, without further notice. CShould the illaminatioa take place on the Monday,or deep. She is schooner rigged, aad her cabins andsa- thou.d it be a rainy night, the fireworks will be post-Stt lnrray «v So, Overstrung grand and squareare warranted for flv SSand St Walker street.loons are handsomely finishedananas, waaa U P CO., FOOT or SIXTH m m , at<r aivaa,poned to Wednesday night at the same hourOn the Tuesday night, at nine o'clock, Ow ball given by the Mayor and citizens of Quebec shall take place at Oae MUSK Hall, St. Lewis Street. Citizens are requested toHerring's Pattern1'UM.as.—i':i Thursday even :r?. Augusts, after a long Fire and ilicess. MaRT Rosairjta, eluett daughter of Michael andMary Duncan, aged 27 years. 7 months and 9 days.The relatives anil friends of the family, and those of her Tbrcthers, Peter H. and Bernard., are respectfully invitedCHaxixrrrawws. P . E. L , August 10,1M0. The Prtace of Watts landed at two o'clock on Thursday froaatheHero The Admiral'aabip Nile, and the Ariadne, Cossack, Valorous aad Flying Fish accompanied him, a?NOOTH Caao! »A.~JohEGovernor of North Carolina by a majority of about four thousand. This L* a, democratic loss of over twelve thou aaad votes since 1858.Tax Mawsrarvn BIT.—Wa have already stated that tee proprietors of the m a m (democratic) sad MepuUkan (Ltoooin),at La Crosse, Wtt., bare made a bet—the for- mer wagering tee r«fon office, rained at 23,500. againstduring the investigatioo and stated that be did sot in-The WBBKLT Barnaul, tor the present wash, will be and six monthsThe friends of ^ » family, and those of htt ancle, gby a procession along the , which were lined by the Volunteers batalion,the prescription prepared, 1 locked at it sosae tuna and ask and asked the age of tee childFridav Aegnct 10, Jon of John aad B u s Marott aged » meatet The relatrves and friends of tee fhmil* HJOTBT, only son taadSSdayauies of the houses were filled with ladies aad children. A oomber of the latter snag the national anthem. A guard of honor of regular Utwpt accompanied the Prince from Halifax ^not to give the child aa the doctor's bnai-cidedly military city will betbe.chief feature ofthe •Tinea's reception. Your correspondent has jost return- edfromavisittotheaid-decampoftheGovernorGene- ral, Colonel Ixvin, and atone that interview is more im- pressedthanbeforewiththeverityofthisstatement. Tbe newspapers here are possessed of little or no enter- prise,aayenmayguessfromthetactthattheypublish verylittleinreferencetotheapproachingroyalvisit, which will undoubtedly throw their city into a ferment, the like of which it has not witnessed since Wolfe cap- tared it by storm and ftll on the plains of Abraham. Theyharenotevenpublished the military programme, aadthecivilprogrammeofreceptionappearsto-dayonly in one of them, simply as an advertisement, with-ever,asdeathtookplaceinabout sixhoursafterthead ministration01thepoison Thejury renderedaverdict inaccordancewiththeabovefacts.had chargeofherpre- the medicine in tee er-called uponmethe lil-i was ta convulsions; this was on Tuesday morning.Mr.Postersaidthedluggisthadtoldhimthat1bhirta: Shirts!! Mix tor 68.'sad all tbe church bells of the city shall be rung, as pre- viously arranged with the ecclesiastical authorities. The came ceremonies will be observed on the departure of theThursday evening he bad a very narrow escape from death, in consequence of the strong tide running at the time when be jumped overboard.Q.What tt your occupation' A- Physician.Died.Basra.—In Brooklyn, on Friday morning, August 10.CaaRix.-, soa of LMwin and Mary Baker, age: b months and 21 days.The funeral will take place this (Saturday) morning, atten o'clock, from the residence of hi£ parents. 230 Atlan-tic street. Friends of tee family are invited without fur AT EYKRX5ELLIS WEDDINO CAJtDB, STOTSS, tber invitation. See tbe Orange Blossom aaatiose, satis u» torAfter the presentation of the address the procession will proceed in tbe order determined by tbe programme of bread Marshal Colonel Joseph Hamel. through St. Peter strett. Mountain Hill, Buace street, Notre Dame square, labrique street and St. John street, within and without tbe waltt.Ex Mayor Conrad, of Philadelphia C. Yibbarl, Fxq., Superintendent of the New York Central Railroad. Dean Richmond, Esq., of Bufialo, and Peter Cogger. Esq., of Albany, are stopping at the St. Nicholas Hotel.BXOWK —On Friday, August 10, AXTHITR H . son of Ar teur and Susan Brown, aged t years, lu mouths aad IS days.So soon as the bead of Oae procession re vches St. John'stollgatc the rank 1 shall be opened, lacing inwards, so as the S t Deatt Hotel. to line the street on the passage of the Prince throughthem, on bis way to the residence of his Excellency theGovernor GeneralG. Tasaara, Spanish Minister to the United States; M del Prado, Secretory of tbe Spanish Legation; C. Zegarra, MalltineofCharlesH.MarshallsCo.,intendedforadherestrictlytotheregulationswhichshallbelaidPeruvianMinisteru>theIsitedStates;PedroP.Ortiz.Wew York.have jost aamsaeacod buifctiag a packet ship for the BlackTTY A TT'6 Vlf* BALSAM.Baiasm ia aa e,ruin to cure the most pawfui forrai <' taoaaLiverpool and New York transportation S h e ia 278 test extreme length on deck, 3J (bet beam, and 2 3 feet deep. She tt constructed of white and live oak and locust, aad will ha launched about the middle of November next.They have also Just laid the keel of a side-wheel steam- •cr for 8. L. Mitchell A Sea. tor the Savannah trade. Shewill be150feet length,38tostbeamandPublic bodies sod the citizens gonerally are requestedto meet again on Thursday, to accompany the Prince oa mer. Esq , of Virginia; C. H Leonard, Esq., and family, Wxteeiar dk 'Wllnnm^ S e w i n g flnclaines. New Orleans [ rs please copy.diseases as water is to queacl> ihtrat, sitooid timers, fevwr •ores, eryaipe,as, the merit cases of uupurtty of the ruaod, liver sndlidneys, general itbltty, dywaepgis. hwa; i»nt coa B!;rr.piira pile*. Ac PI.D<-»»I depot ato (irsad atretL 75beam engine juvcx asa as .colonel lrvm inlornted m e that a t toon s s the fleet• in sight a royal salute will be fired "rom all the or six hundred houses, hi 1T25. He tt consequently 135•ltd Family UJBE A COV8,456 Broad-at their yard, betweenin U»e citadel, aad o a the landing of bit Royal Highyears old.Machines la the world, at L M.± lday.dowa to secure an eaay access to the Hall and prevent confusion.Secretary of tee i'eruv.au Legation; Blonde! Van Cue! chrough, Belgian Minister to the United States, H Mitch- ell , Esq., and Arthur Banff, Esq , both of England W Honlug bLr.'.tie Sewm? Machines ai »unsurpassed.Nv 577 Broalwsy, New YorkNo8166 West Thirty cmth street, between Seventh and Eighth avenues. U s |daturday)aiternoot, at two o'clock, withetit further: itatlion.•cent* per bottle.brain, Dt.u.; *.-. d son of J and Mark Durand. aged T T T O r REQCIRF A N T GARIMENTS MADF tr, ORKEW YORK HERALD SATURDAY,1860,jinquest yesterday in tb« of Mr. Robert Foster, died from tbe eaecttITbe*TJ*lroctttrtedforNewportthaimornto*athalf McCarm.--Ofwhoopingcoagh.E-MflCamv,anaofWaaraxi Anomi DorauarrtB.—At a ta St. Joseph, Mo., transparencies and banners were exhibited with the foliowing mottoes:— ties a n here. The reaettion tt considered a complete « For President, A. 8. Doglsaa"—«' Nigttm for Lmoon"—rat mixed with milk;The Priaee rode o a t in plain clothes this afternoon in th* ram. Governor Mnlgrave aad ether colonial celebri-ran out of the corners 1' of it was tost ta this afterwards, my wite dying; I went to the f teen called upO a rAnticipated VitttofOeFranceisQuebec—Ormn-iPrtparm-continued moreorleasuntil aboutdayl i g h t , w h e n d e c e a s e d s e e m e d a l i t t l e e a s i e r ; I t h e n w e n t , tor Dr. Allan, mho came back wnth me when I returned(AttebevQ r a a a c , A a g a a t 7 , M M . hear for Hit aVefpfato the JftHfary and Cfei/ Fro-The drawings for this lottery on August 8 were incorrectly prmttd. ta*error beitactypographical, and notwith thestate until five 0 clock, when he died; the doctor remark- managers. The hrai number of Claw 404 should have bera ' St," instead of "SO. ' aad the urat number tn Ottu «tttsborddgramma—rtutttr Ammtg tae Imak Otara—Loyalty and tntkutiam of the PttfU, etc.Since my last coramuaieatioti Ihave thorotighly inspected Qathic. and bare seen nearly all the preparations ined that the child was poisoned, [he said It had got wrong medicine, ant that it was either his or the druggist's fault; the prescription shown mj and the powders are the same I have spoken of.hare been "M," instead of "SS.' Drawlavsra ot traertts -WOOtTtDDT » CO.. Managers of the• naxawaas. Kxarucxr *xn aissocai tears _Medical College; J put somewhat of s scarcity of the latter tor the atio-b-itiding out further notice or remark of any kind. who waa found floating in the water off Governor's Island. up the prescription shown use I supposed as the medi- eperatioaa at present under way. The reason of this sud- Far the information of your readers I subjoin a copy of Tbe jury rendered a verdict of "Supposed drowning." and cine was for a child it was to subdivided into smallerT07 BKOADWAT.den resumption of work in the neighborhood of New York tt attributable to various causes. It Is dae parity to the prosperity of trade in general at the present time, and partly to another cause, whioh wo will explain more at knglt \ Our city bat tang been a disputant with Maine for the ebampioaahip in the {bnildiag of vessels. Snips in New Tori are built fed those desirisg them by special contract while to Maine they are, a* a general thing, completed by the builder aad then disposed of to the first purchaser. The disadvantages of this latter method are aaaity d sceraable. The vessel so construct- ed may contain imperfections of various kinds which the purchaser is unable to detect at the time of buying, and which show thonasetvos only when she has been anoat for a few years or even a flew mm to*. Of this clamofels are many at present plying in oar waters, whose Iregret their purchase, and BOW have their shipsbuilt according to the New York plan.Oae of the most prominent features of the work, aaatthe body was thereupon sent to the dead bouse at Bellevue Hospital for identification.powdersWcotter Beach, Jr., M. P ., dj d:—That he made aBHOUU)A T ONCS OBCCRKD E2.sSWH3KR. CALLtbe latter document, which will give a lair idea of the ac- tivity of tbe prepaiatioas for the reception:—-post mortem examination upoi the body of deceased; IFatal Accuoavr i.\ BKOAOWAI.—Thomas Reilley, a na- found the various organs in a normaLconditioB, with,. Broadway. IDr. TON M06CHZLSKRR,OCCUST AND Ai*rii>iWho »iu a EESTORE THEIK REARlKi.H-,HIS NEWL Y riTv-EN'TKD EAR \ APORKERWHICH RESTORE- THE HEARI> . IN HIE JMOST OBSTINATE CAaKS As wea. asSTOPS IHE NOISE IK TTC: iiiAC HCNDRRJi<>Hav* bt-ec, RESTCRK1' TO HJlaiSwWith tae , CTMOST fcl-CCESSREAD AGAIN KRKtfllTESTIMONY .»0»VT>TCHVW E<t. THf W«LL K!«OW» CF— ZE.N )Hiorhiifker operated TJerj suecessi..., on m y left ear The f»>er*ritrti w a s perfnrrne* without p»m a a * w a a great skill, and beneSue<i m e to the Utmost u m v »:»ae» s a d ebUrt ;>- restored my bean: e tin. igk I tuntr L*e': de*: UJu nThey are invited^© doae from noon that daytheir stores, shipyards,«c.,a appeared, was removin? some goods from the steam ele- vator, when the rope of the machine gave way and de ceased fell with the elevator to the first floor The jury lu rendering a verdict took occasion to censure the ma- chinist for culpable carelesanes- in not having the rope of tee elevator of sufficient strength.of opium.The case was then given to tjbejury, who, after due deA oat urn number of steamboats going down the rtTer oa the morning of that day, in order to mett the Prince, the citttefiB are invited to show their respect towards hi* Ravel Highness by availing themselves of this opportu- nity of meeting him on hla way up the river.The tending taking piac on the wharves of the Cham plain market, the ferry boats and others shall not, on that day, <or ©o that of the departure, be allowed to be moored to'those wharves, or to remain in the Col de Sac har- bor .Parties having, en that day, any vegetables or other articles for sale on tbe Champlain market, shall not place u.-coteives in front of tbe hall or on tbe wharves, but shall remain m the vacant space in rear of the Market Hall.liberation, rendered a verdidt of "Death by convulaionsfrom an overdose of opinm. administered by Dr. IsaodoB-aki Allan. Tbe jury believe tee physician guilty of grosscarelessness, and we further censure the druggist for not b>- tee Berj B. Pet warning the father of tee onager or administering aoMarried. Williamsburg, onOn the leading taking place, a royal salute will be fired, batches for thirty-six hoars. In rescuing the child onplease copy.,gtta will carry the States of Eimois and Wisconsin rwtonsays:—Thebom; a day ur two afterwards Dr Allan came andupon the body of Catharine Brown, a native of Scotland,aged thirty-two years, who committed suicide by takingopium. Deceased, it appeared, had a quarrel wjth hermother, which ao aSected her that she determined to time; 1thought tbe child wodestroy herself rather Uian endure the repetition of such. went for Mrs, Smite, who » came. we then gave thel i o y n lH a v a n aadomesticscene Accordingly,onThursdayeveningshechild about sight drops of •dil, mixed with breast milk: we than gave itchickengrease,theconvuteioi slyhalfataaapooafulorttery—Eanh1raringat Largetive of Ireland, a^ed nineteen years, died at the NewYork Hospital yesterday from Our effects ef injuries acci- the exception of the stomach that organ was reddened about t h e smaller (curvature; from t b e testi- dentally received on Tuesday afternoon by falling from many in the case and tee a snee of the body I am ofBrill efc Balling's Portrait Oallery.S9t Chatham square-Finu clam Photographs in water colors mlodtoiak. OU Paintings, Daguerreotypes and Ircrvtypes, piaja Photographs 11.Tbe.citiaeas of Quebec are informed that htt Royal Hi&h-ntss the Prince of Watts will arrive in Quebec on Satur-day, the 12th of August, instant, between two and three tec fourth floor of tee store No. 413 Broadway. Deceased, opinioii that death may have mcaused by an overdose o'clock P M. -City HOBCKtoWHOMHOSOXIsDCB—The person whos->gallantly rescued the little girl, Miss Doubieday, from drowning, on the Wail street terry, on Thursday, at the risk of htt life, aad modestly refused to give htt name, we understand is a band on a pilot boat, a young Irishman, named James Rash. Mr Rash wa- on board tee pilot boa Collins when she was lost oft Fire Island, in tee winter o 18£5. and was the only one saved, after eltaging to thelarge a dose of opium to so young a child."Upon the rendition of the above verdict, Coroner GambleCIAIK, both rrthisi1ty.Laxoaa—JCuarxc iv —At Brooklyn, K. Y ., on Sunday,August 5, by the :v Thomas Stephenson, CHABXS* W Laaoza, of DVooklyi. N. Y ., to Kars CHAOCST, daughter of'John Chauncey, farmer, formerly of Brooklyn, K. Y .Baltimore and New Orleans papers please copy.i Birth.CBinux,—In Brooklyn, N. V ., on Friday, ttigutt 10,the'wife of Wmheld Scott Chapman, of a daughter.1 St. Louis, Mttsoufi, and Georgetown, Kentucky, papersIntelligence.P e r s o n a lMr A. Tamberltck left yesterday morning for Canada,htt J*partore,which will take place at On-Champlain ofMassachusetts;J.B Doe,Esq,andfamily,of Wiscon- Ofsee4U6Broadway.M.Y.wnarves, and to follow Uie same order aa laid down for sin : J B. Plumb. Esq., of Albany, and Robert Swift, Esq , bis reception. The procession, however, shall not open of St. Thomas, West Indie*, are ttoppirg at the ClarendonDCKAM..—on FJiiday, August 10, of effusion of theGrover ek Bsker'i elebrated Kolaelens IT months;and 111 vs. X df. at a low price, and very suod, eaJ on CLARK K. UStheir racks, but tbe citizens generally shall accompany thePri-ncefromhttIdtjbaaaastothewharf,fiom No. 24. Mercer street, at four sold tot evaci!j eost. Ko prcut is expected.thehugebatteryonDurhamterrace.UpperTJWU,The Hon, Jacob Thompson, Secretary of the Interior, withMrs.Thompson,afteranabsenceeftwoweeksat Old Point Comfort, returned to Washington on the titoI n t e l l i g e n c e .Cenernl P . W . Strader, of Cincinnati; W. L. O'Brien,L-, , of (ialtimore. Mr. Berault and family, of Louisiana; by taking a dose of laudanum, He was seen to leave the James Clemsus, !•>•• . and family, of St. 1 AUIS, and G. L. house the evening previous wil in empty rial and re- Bright, Esq , of New Orleans, are stopping at tee Mstro-politen Hotel.the residence cr hit parents, No. 3~ Bond streetCtRiES —At Car Landing. Dutchess county, N Y ., ^ou Friday mornt i, August 10. Dania. CTRLES. aged 51" i STABLISHED SIXTY YEARS.TnomaaFitzgerald, Esq., and family, or Philadelphia:bad bought sixpence worth of .udanum at a drug store John M. flood. , Carroll street, Brooklyn, between Clinton and Heiiry streets, north side of tee street, onSuperior Parlor, Library. Dimsp add Bedroom F-^raaure of Ever*- stylet rom the piaiu tad substantial to me eiegsx: and expeus.re. atReasonable t>1>eea.Interior Deooratk.us, Pier, Mantel GLaaa.., Ac.Goods packed and ihipped to all parte of the wor id. •I—HACK EMS' FAR1MA .TEI.LT-A PEUCIUC8 DEaSERT and the best substituie tor anoskl food. earKhes tbe tiblea ot the Aator House and ail tae principal aatoons Heesers' Farina Botlers to prevent buridngor seorehu)i:;Je.;r « <u.d, of various siren forms i n : pai:erna For sale at the e»-a^ jab liieat, No. 5 new tjana: street, near g a l Broadws •Hotel.Tbe editorofteeCincinnati (Ohio) limit recentlyvi- sited Solomon Pangborn, of B>ing Sou, Indiana, who says hewasbornhithecityofNewYork,asmalltownoffiveBOwttxcMaebtees. thebestin •orfanu./sewing. way. Sew lark, aad 183 Fuhon iet, Brooklyn.The Beat MaataxactOSBroadThefriendsoftaefamily arewapactfully tovited to at W!'!i«iii sire* Theremainder <.f ui summer soots wu. beof an overdose of opium. by Dr. Macdonald of No. atT Grand street Doctor waa presentrosdy a- eleven o'clock this aaorning In its pages will saaaty, arc mvitc ' to attend tea funeral, which w i. take tend to printiwM) opium. He meant, be said, to give the be found —Reports of the Proceedings of tee Now York place at two o'cttt *»Uu* f'SUurda*) aftarnoon. from teechild rhubarb, but to a moment i f thoughtlessness he pre- scribed opium. The following ia a report of the proceed ings as they taanapired before tale Coroner —Robert Foster, residing at No. (ISO East Elereath street, deposed a t foMowa;—Deoatsnl L a s m y afaild; h e w a s bora on the 1stmst.; mywife ajas then attended by Dr.Breckinridge State Convention, with the names of itsresidence of h a a randmoteer, Mrs. Beatty, Tl MoU street *New OrleantMarou** —Is Jersey 1 "Hty, on Thuisasy erening Aogtiat 9 ABASTASU ManK.as, ai wd T7 years aad 6 month-Thefoneral will take ptt oe tett (Saturday afternooc. at t w o o ' c l o c k , f r o m t h e r o s k k , ° o e d * h e r s o n , N o MM u r a a J street.McConrr—Bran McCorrr '. roasgatt son of Johc and Marv steConrt,aged 1 month «*:BtdaysTbe friends and aoquamtearx 'aClthe family are respect • fally tevited to attend the fuae ,alAfrom TT West Twaoty eighth street, a t two o'clock this (aaturaay) afteraooaMiKav—OnFriday.August10, •**•»w*e°rB-*L Mc- Kay, hi tbe 84th year of her age. . .t h e friends and acquaintance of t , ° f family are respect fattyBMV#C9.OTteTLLT.—On Friday, Aagaat 10, from a tall, TaraiAS,son of Dr. Thomas O-Beilly, of Killnaieck,. wunty Cavan, Ireland, aged IT years sad W monthaHtt reaaatna will be taken from the City loapital this (Saturday) afteraooa, at half-past two o'clockR a m a —On Friday, August 10, Maat.aiurr!'. trrsa.agad gtyeara.Her friends, and these of her husband, are re 'uested to attend the funeral, on Sunday afternoon, at tw •octook, fromherlateresidence,No.233MulberrystreetP r o v i d e n c e p a p e r s p l e a s e c o p y .Roar.—On Wedneeday, Aagaat ft, SASAS ABB &••**, widowoftbelateThomasRil-y,aged«7yearsThe relatives aad friends of the family age rasp* ttfuliy invited to attend the funeral, from her l a e resMtear. », *» 14 Yarick street, oa Snaday aftarnaon, at two OT w t , without further avttatKa.Gnan—(tt ThereaSy morning. August » Coava im» Snrra, of the late nra af C. A U J. fkntte, of this cityFuneral on this (Saturday) morning, at half past t «" Ti*graphsays-hatGen.Houstonwillaoubtles. withdraw attended byBurke,and afterwards byDr.Allan;Dr.A. 44, 20,67.i>,56,17, 33,73,8,11,63,47.29.T2. o'clock,fromhisIsleresidence Nojgr>Onion place wtatcalled•Friday,SaturdayandMonday;Mondaybecalled Datawans—CLASSHO.S80,Arctnrr10,1800. corneror9irteenthstreet Therelit)venandfnetiasofU.• from tbe presidential race after the August election. It about half peat twelve o'clock: 1then told him that the 67, 31, 13, 63, 51,! 66. 15, 70, 38. 59. 2!». 41, 34. family are respectfully invited to attend the tuner*., w-.tu •ahuuld v u every one.r"Dethtolsims."Causes roa Usioa—The Chicago Democrat says —ThatMr. Douglas h a t receded from his hostility to Breckinridge a s a g a i n s t L m e o l a , a n d t h a t h e n o w s e e s i t h t t d u t y t o unitewithanyandallforthedefeatofLincoln.Hoax BLSCX RarrxucaK POLE rs VIIGMU —The black republicans hare ratted a Lincoln pok in Wheeling, Va , and the Wheeling InUUvj-ncr- says another was soon to b« raised. There was no disturbance at the " raising "the child until it died; some castor oil and chicken grease;*HODGES, DATB A CO., Managers, Macon Georgia.WmiDtiwax OF SAM HOCBTOS.—The Houston (Texas)Sarah Ann Foster deposes and says —Deceased was my child, he was bom on the 1st of August, 1»60; I was firstDmwjjtM—RXTK CiJtss, Mo. S79, ATOOBT 10. Way.thinksthatmostofhissupporterswillgoforBreckinridge, as several of the moat miluential papers in his favor have come out for him.childwastoostInits bowels, it|hadtenortwelvepassa- ges ta tee twant;- four hours; he then said he would give it some simple medicine to relieve it; he left a prescrip tioti. and aaid there were four powders. he toid mo to - ; v e one that night, and if it was not relieved to give another in the morning; in tee eveniag I called my husband to give deceased a powder; he toldime that the druggist said it was a large dose, and wo concluded not to give it all: I think we gave it about a teirdlof the powder; I put thei.M>u.va.—Caaaius M. Clay tt busy canvassing the State of Indiana for the black republicans.Corollers' Inquests.thechildwas inconvulsions:d^oeasedcontinuedtathatSTICIDS BYTaxiM; Onni.—An inquest was held yester- powder in a teaspoon and addai a little breast milk. 1 53. 16, 37. 71, 3*.[7*, 13, 59, 46. 17, 12. 52, 43. rRjuraz. BBOADSXHTS A CO..some of it ran out of the cortertiof its mouth, but I don't tbtak any of It was lost, as I put back what run out of its mouth: in a tew minutes thi deceased fell asleep: itManagers, Wilmington. Delaware.L o t t e r y . — N o t . 4 0 , 0 3 0 ,turn with anmething in it, am tt was ascertained that befurther notice. 1 the residence of his brother-m law ,E333 and 336 Fourth street, Vorthwest corne: ef Broeutaayin York street. The deceased as found dead in bed by- tuncay afternoon„ht halt jiast three o'clock. The remains C. 6 Hubbard. Esq., and party, of Virginia; L. P. Bayeu, htt too, whs came hi me midnight The cause is will be taken to ';reenwoo<l for interment.Esq, of Baltimore; H. J. Buttarworth, Esq., of Mississippi; L. H Wood, Esq., of Galveston, and Mr. Hall and lady, of Cmcag0, are stopping at the Lafarge House.J. W . Farwill, Esq . a n d family, of Chicago F . Hinds,Esq , of Dubuque: R. G. Saunders. Esq., and lady, and W.E Boyd, Esq , and lady, all of Alabama; Rev. W. DeGuettenvilie, of England, G. M Gilbert, Esq.. and W. years. Wi Starr, Esq., bath of Baltimore, are stopping at the Eve-rett House.said to be domestic difr-cntfstt An inquest was held by Coroner Horton, and a vertact if "Suicide'* waa rendered by tbe jury.CaiDwxti —On Friday. August 10, of diptheria, K a n F., youogett child of William and Eutabetii G. Caldwell, aged 4 years, 4 months and l a days.Funeral service at 10 0 clock this (Saturday) morning, at 296 West Twectk foarte street. Her remains will be taken to Hudson f»r interment.barglar Safes, 341 Broad u-proot Baand if so what, relative inst you- A. My mind I ordered tee medicine,nistering opium insteadthe small MeteorCruise of the N ew Yacht Bsjasairan; Tbe Movements'of the Prince of Watos among the Canadians The LatestEurope, Mexico, Cuba, California, China,Japaa, he. ;j An Accoont of the Manner ta which theVisiters enjoyed teemse*v«- wheyttiasd the Grant Easterncontinued to Bleep for about t?i minutes or a .marter of 3 ao7, ltwio 1.567. Tt C35, drew tbe five Capital Prued m the lie a- ;» eei.iuiie one, bj a«sonung ua rflmr imaa^iig us >«ud>. 'ui} 17. ladu. Circulars sent free of expense, by aikl sti le of package, anc cWimmg ter the swon- s one thean hour. he awoke easily and lave a scream at tbe same ltd die, and my husbanddrawing o!addreasins Don Bodriduez. care of city Post office, Charleston.South Carcana.Fancy G varleiyofj-portnsei!*aPanandPocketKnivesofthemoat rsr* m il besjDUfui patienw: nmay ef which have never been beforeimposted,forsalebyJ.AS.SAUKDEB&,Mo.7Astorsame kind OI qnslrti— an,' uses »s the get»nae i. ust ».- ttrasi a proof ot mfenority s s tt w of Irant. OtOerwrnr. why HI* UK the competing srutde sun4 upon as <mmrrt» I: i. •>. am the article which li ( ' a n , u> be We w«<l a oeuer proof thatithastotthe quillt)e« whtel, it tmiu -...have IWt-tee this,itmustbeectaenttoar.tsteliiaentpufctiein«tiheman who would be base ei.auitli i > eouueririt w-)-d.'. b. i - --:. .^tt toadulterate Intbecas**ofthemdumeealile me.u.i.o> the genuine Scbieri m Aromatic ScnnaiM.*, this unci ja.,y dunepurchasedajoattityofopiumataneighboringdruggist"s,anda'terpartakingofthesameinformedafriendofher'sthat she would be dead in a few hours from the eilects of fall on into asleep it seemed lore of the time in con Itouse, Broadway. the medicine. As deceased had often threatened to com- vulsions than free from the it died about twentymit suicide before,no attention was paid to what she said, minutes past one o'clock the L'.xtafternoon. that morn-continued until the next morningitwouldfirsthaveaonvulsionandafterwardstag Dr. Allan came. ! sent fo said the child was poisoned.and bchtetiam bebnapps. sre made ta«*u aaiencj. Whisaey, called in traue pure aputts and drugs.The celebrated irbe.'e manulactdred at aehte/laa. tu Hal- land, aad hap01 ted exctutivelv by the u-i* TMSOV- ^ ta^ o u y perteetly pnre driait of use kind m tbh. or <uiy ota#' cciau-y. •wireit•»netonlypunned i'yachenueal process tnotmnu; tob-maelf.oftheleasttrac<'offoaaoh.Jereo.'nr- u.bereftin the beet snd oldes: theti led lioaora of >verr kmd. .rnd has sine pecuhar sndvaluable prc.-pertie.-. t'uuad'in mi<xaer anaiag from the peculiar q-oaBty tliror and aronu, of th- berry fr» the rjwt time employed in m e mar.nfaetare of t w e i inune kindofgn: Medicalmeneverywnn-esckuowif-oue b?ttland it was not until the poisonous drug had done its workand the truth or deceased's assertion became evidentteat a physician was called in to attend to tee dyingwoman. AH medical skid proved of little avail, bow- Grand street; 1am a physician [I called to see Mrs. Fester successors to Wilson Q. Hunt A Co.han; when he came he Macdonald Allan, being swen , says:—I reside at No. 447CDATinGS, VESTlSlM and TAlUJRS' GOODS generaliv. for sale bv 8L'hLIvjtN. BAWDOCPH A BUDf,COXT 1>a SoLxiL —Jacob Deitch, a porter in the storeNo. 113 Creenwich street, was prostrated by the exces-sive heat on Thursday evening, and died tbe same nightat the third ward station house. Coroner O'&eefe held the mtdicine ou the prescription was very strong, I pre House, Barclay street.aninquestuponthebodyyesterday. DanieltorF*"^,alaborer,whileatwarkatthecornerof Third avenue and Thirty eighth street, excavating for a collar, was also overpowered bythe heat aad dieda tew boors after being removed to htt residence, No. 639 Third avenue. Coroner Gamble held an inquestscribed two grains of opium in ur powders; I did not in- tendtogivespuimatall,Iiendedtogiverhubarb:I havehadconsiderabletroubleflateinnayfamilyaffairs;Ladies, Do01n1't golmtimlueCountry w-lthi- out s good aupp,lvy df Boots and Mhnoes f«*r yourselves and caudrea. Patronize MUXEK A CO., 387Canal street.wfc'rh I nave published ths' nc artlcie of eq:vl p ,r.:> and cot .uqueatly of eioal «alue a Incipient dropsy t u : s reaiora- tirefrom«•Der»:debtbty.waierer'before raa^e ac:tax theyknowofnootheronwhichtheleaptpenanceranbepumd wheu needed in then- praet'ee Hen** the u:iiiis»Mui- im .u tions ot n. against which thepublic are cautlnoee. sod heaca tlie neeeeaityef these esiKieos, eipeadjve U me >roprie-->r as they are. The genuine Schiedam Asamani Sahnapps car be obtaineuof tbereatweuhl-t wbotttato grneera. orugnsts aadattheatorcoftbesobacrtotr. BftOLPBO WOLFK 13,StandC Beaver greetAU. DEAF PERSONSwaoHAVE FAILB1> TO OFTFOCKDPROWXXD—Coroner0'Keefe held an inquestat thefootofWhitehallstreet,uponthebodyofanunknown man, about thirty five yean of age, apparently a laborer'goavenueA,deposed at employe-!by Dr. Purcell ded two courses of lee-Two forty nteeI came here and taw dect.reen's Slilrts.—Fit guaranteed, Stylesnew. needle made not by marbine. Bemoved to No 1 Astor lers which they are willing to have pneilshett. an.: han-t -^ds attery, and I must have r him when 1prescribed for tee child; the dose would ve been proper for anI had an aautt patient wite dy been thinking if tec medicineadult. Ra'phKershaw,residingatB r o o k l y n P h o t o a;aat Miniatures, (abu a, Iiperisls aad Life OtglFallonBtrac^•mrasr*! GaUlatir,v^^Maniatures la 00, and Daguerreoiypee.•S4 Card Photograph* taken from Lift for SI Ire:v picture a Rood likeness, at HOuMEd', 3tofollows.—Iamadruggttt;I at tee above place: I have ati teres at tea Thirteenth atholdDr.Allan,andpro 1manner prescribed by7 examined befbre the u n , dersigned, according to law on tee annexed charge- and being intormed that he w, at liberty to answer or not ail or any questions put htm, states ss follows,stated*thathefeltithisduty ceeded to]examine him in the law, as follows —fttiH 'l)r. t o nMacdonald Allan, being dviz.—g. What tt your nameu Bow old are youQ. Where were you born Jt. Scotland.Q. Wheredoyoulive A.so.447t'.randstreet.t u « - *ROHKRT cinrwA. liacdcnald Allan. A. Twenty-five years.65 tvest 1 runT K.XU: streeiCALKW—CYara.-July 3 ,go, ST 34 and SOPark place.Tuesday,ABBAX F Catxist to Aauxna M.the relatives and friends of the family, also the mem bers of (•cean Lodge Mb. 156, F A M , are invited to at- tend th;- funeral, from the residence of his rather, No. 14 Dominick street, this (Saturday) afternoon, at twobeat Safe for the least money. 8TKARK« A MMBriN, Mo. 336 Broadway, comer of Worth a . Mew Torfc.%ear&,ortbe trnn t Daniel Curies & liyckman, this city,His friends are vited to attend the funeral without WEEKS' CABINET FUBNTTPRE WAMMR(X>a*VMurrayJesset.Conner's ttaaleasLigiitRun-toattendthefunetai.fromtheresidenceofherparents,JLLRhiumausm.scrofula,saitrheum,Ac—Hyati«Lifetendthe funeral,o'clock P.[M. T oj tniterred at Greenwood Cemetery.TJrm.-+OnFrid y, August 10.Paimcx, tee bekrred son of James and Julia Duffy, aged 1 year, 4 months sadHisfuneralwilljtakeplacetettCimtnrday)afternoon,at one o'clcci, from ihe residence of his parents, comer ofFInkle6iLyon StatingMnciilneCom- ThirtiethttoeetandEighteavenue.pany.—Ail machines warrantedlto give better sabafaetion than • Ewi.\o-|-In Brooklyn. £. D . after a Bhort but severewillatonceresumethedutiesofhttoffice. Or.J.Bovt-eDods.I iperin1Wine Bi11era ing.aged17yearsandSdays.by the echoed from tbe distant mountains across the slumber- George Douglass. Esq., and family, or till? city, are are in such oaiversa! demand it they should be kept ta ev- The relatives and acquaintances of the family, and WBXJT OUTS T ax a ATTUXD its tsagnetie or eorjceauateJXI;. feet deep, with a not xasaaa aouagia courasat1 and ataatoa streets^ East river, four ferry boata. and the citadel, will repeat the compliment. Justeachofabout*Mtossburdttu. TwoarefortheUnionM. STAFFORDS OLIVETAR.WHEKOtivtTABa Ianaixn habattingha'mateodorssrebrought in direct contact with the lintaa meaibranea ot iae TlLKO.lt,BkO><1-iALTunS* ANDAU.IHJ.All. II„ ....THS UktaC. aturviXGarcocaanypan.oropasflaaion,aadhealinganyirritation cr lulUmmalioc.WHS* OUVB Tan is JISI> croa tto^aa tt forms an twee, is:led aiw'ning aad hea.uuf ayrup tor Oocgaaaad ai. Thruea Dis-imagine between tw o and three hundred Urge cannonFarry Oompaay aad two fori the East River Ferry Compa- being simultaneously discharged no tower than twenty- Inst. The Beoretary seems much improved in health, and any oihers is the market, or money refunded. Agenu wanted. ilttees, l.-aai M., Ihe b. ioved husband of Harriet E. hw ny. The latter are miearihd to pry between iiaater's one times. How will Otoir echoing thunders be re- MSBroadway, M. Teases.encative powers render it a most speedy and edu^-eni PA1M AMNKiTLAfeR.will beJOBS BWSJJS. FOOT OVhat Jest humched a tfhsstarbiB Company, toSt. Jobs N B , bad will!o'clock anothermode:, for Sendford's otdsftte liae. laaanded to pty be- three quarters of a mile, ami the Dumber of troops lining one of tee men arrested at Burton. Some forty years Breaerving and restoring lbstween th* city aid Ftolajtetehia. She • 330 feet on deck, llflM beam, sad 13 feet depth of hold.At tbe shipyard of tooavrsu i woa**, FOOT jt»' aaar TWUTTB wmxm,Point an I Jamas slip 1st of uclobor nexting, ••shining rtvor," one of the moat magnificent nream- :r. tee world? The Prince is to land aa Market wharf. where be will baaaajayred by an officers guard or honor " the Canadian MasaV, of which there are three coaipa aiaaatatjcaedbara. Market wharf tt in the tower t >wu. and from the wharf a line of soldiers will extend to thepassing the summer at St. Anthony, Minnesotaery drug store, grocery aad Williamm tbe cay. Depot 7jto Apply H is^ T n w a T n S . M.T.members of tee Poriten Lodge, are requested to attendtbe funeral, from his late residence, 91 Norte Fifth street, T*on Sunder afternoon, at two o'clock, without further in-*Vitalion. ,FISCH—rOn Thtirsday evening. August 9, toamua B.,wife of Earn Fine*, aged 27 years.Tbe relatives and friends of tee family are respsetfullyton, North taretma. Slie w ISO fast in leagtb her hall tt ol iroti.whle the aaaoreomtea will be of wood, const! toting her oae of the «*-f-'-•- Tiimiilii to oar waters.Hereogiaeam be a « taeh eylmAer, with a 42 inchto which the artillery now stationed here—the Canadian Rtuea, tbe Sev*nteeath infantry and Colonel B;i 'a Caaa ton caraary—will dob-far.Meantane, the civil preparations to tela martial city are "iimr extensive. Arches like thaw of Montreal, to of aovaa, are to be mot with in Oie principal and there tt a general determmatem to decorate The preeoot Pmiiament Bonnets being Stud up to serve as the reeiiteacis ef Victoria s son duringfeu stay ia Quebec, and tbe deeeratttns aad ornamantt-raatoiy readartog it apttadid, will be oamphttad in ample tisro to allow Oie odor of Oie paint to have vanwhed long beforethearrivalof httRoyalHighaeat. The furniture as to be supplied by tbe watt exteaaivo eabbtet factoryUamiaatmgthechiefrootofthebuildingareor I aadcostly description,some of them . is sixty or seventy buraors. The Maaic Hall, corresponding proportionately with your Academy of Muak.tt being fitted up tor a ball roam aad handsomely aaiated aad doeoratM. Though the estimated cost of thisbelt WIS ha about $10,000, yet the majority of the cdtttans Of ttsabeB tbtak tt will be a total failureIt was roamed that toe Priaoe bad declined Unit -Qoe-when tbe supTpeeed dead man appeared in the crowl The Booms were net free jgt^as they retched death's door, aad immediately fled the state. Jesse Boom, now nearly seventy y e a a eat, .anatt^ganti to Mr Hackett of Barton, that no and htt brother did mor- dtr CoWev-toe parson who appeared1 before tee gaUowa hems: a man from New Jersey, who bore a striking ra- sembtaace to the deceased, *Nli'ho f a s J * * TM * * * * * to uttv the villainous part. The amir created a great.ex- citement at the time toYou*hout K * ^ 1 - * * « d _**_ yers retained tor tee defence in desperate ahave ever ttaee quoted tan Boern < Otoir clients. eL Y. 8— PMaTECT FIT Ol'ARANTKKTi -U~>S!* >H letrck*; her ivoprlier tt 12 feetia be 610 tots burthen.winLosnplexaastsbrMy 1 ibavtogaa eqaal torPEARa'5-:. Iron. Luc••'. ia. - S Brosdws, M l •_•»T>Ain FOR TH WMEELT AMfJcNT* - T H E KTRKKA i resebtated Sewmc Machine. Price SSo c.jeaptf*e omoaMo. wtt BroadwayCTOBAM9FOMAMD•, SQCASVM AMP Pi"3;j^__nTHE SMSl MAKCFACTCRMp WARJfBQfliMB, tot BAOAIXOOCTHKRMXBB CAM TOTD ALL KINDS OF AME»J- S «ZiHas*mr and *ponmg Ptetiras, eiesantly framei. •kaamntaSee^MeSYork^aAWlX>BiiFS 4A,Beatdaar. batowto.MattoUi.u.« <-sosaeWsiacasTaeaarebaa sow upon the stedts two aide wheel Titawirnthe Quaa trade, to ally between the vartoos parts an tbe rireratothatcoontry. ThesmalleroaebelaagatoMr. AagwsttaeHeard.of Maitad,aad is280feetin length,22 feet beats, 12 feet deep a i d #30 loss burtbea The ether iaawaedfeyMearra.J.U.jVorbesACo.,alsoofIttatoa,ContttanptiT es, Dy*\suffer from Debility. Servoui"I Broadwaj-.spttna a a d a U w h o j CH- Pues, can easily beenred-aad is212feetlalength, feet beam,121havocmmanyafamilyctr- Puls and Ouament hi. re "beenfeet depth of • -nut - - - iT ••• Beth the v sank will be. FOE THF jAavw.A-euddeaiiv. 00 Friday evening. Aagaat 10, Wn. Q<7 rrXTOM BTBRRT-THE The trace snppdec1ab*M** tbe 1st of u itohar.bscfcl'te^ of sBiothet steamer. laV feat in length- to other rem-ecu-m the above, will soaa be com1st this yard. The keel of a stale totheCaaiet Drew, cow plylag betwtci New York aad Aloeay.aad tthhm waa laaached b«re .1 i*w months since, trttl beSxatE Txxraaaxcx Soatarr -JThe aMual nutting of the State Temperance Society oontaataced atSamtoga on the8th last. The annual aeraton was deliverou by B ar . Mr. Untitled Document Seelye, of Albany, in tee evening ^ ^SOLTTJai«w.sco]of W. S aad Matilda Jarra, aged 5 years aad 10 mantes.Notice of. ranersfi in evenm,: papers »•.„«»Kiacani.—<>n gf'^F- Angu-t 10, Caaarn- naixoa, youngest child of WilliamOt prated l^lttaavick T oBaao37 FrL TON STREET —FIN CLARET IMPvETSOinto season, at at to perdoaen. rTn.TOKSTMRBT-THE FTNEST HOLLAND ni!».aaar nrrsa.the Interaationtl rVrtlaas. Ma-,ai;iDomestic Sews Items.Faust Paasoaarios AT A Corneal MOBXBT.—The Gteve- land Plauviealer puts forth the following extraordinary statements in regard to Jesse Boom, one of tee gang ofJ>r. M srsh Cost Inn ealCvieTmmwkhricceai In .orrssture. MAK6BAAt mOlive Tar to net shekv—0<}es rot dwcoior Firrr CsMrrj * i*mjcBroadway, Mew Tork*ind by all drnggian,this afternoon at four French Cathedral, in the upper town, or part of the city strength aad beautiful within the walls, which ia the route by which his Ttoya! Highaeat will proceed on landing The whole distance iscounterfeiters recently arrested a t Barton, Ohio —There tt a strange history connected with Jesse rtoora, ebeapest article for dressing3. R, WAFTCRP'"TBOM AMD 8LXPHLR POWDEMBare a soluble preparation of trie and aulpuwr, ttennea. wt;Bt-oep wlU escort him, a c l there be will remain for theago a coldblooded murder was perpetrated in tee state of Vermont. Tbe nsardered man was a brother-in-law of Boorn, named Cobley, and clrcvmatances pointed to Boomtryu. fkudbyaH o'clock, rnom tee teeidencc jf her fhther, Michael Eaiie, •75 Waahfrgtoc street, without further isritsitae.Ohio ptpers please copy.Baissiv—<m Fr-day, August 10. Caaoun, mfaa. daughter ef f m . B- and the Into Caroline Battey, aged 4 month.- add 17 days.The friends of]the family are irsneetfully invited to attend the fune-all an Sunday afternoon, at one o'clock,trom No. 42 Fast "twenty sixth street.Hxxo» 4-On Fr:4ay, August 10, after a lingering lmeat,M-iKi-AR«. wife on Ihottas He "ou and second daughter of tee bite WtUiani Honter, of Conwail, Lattarkenny, Ire laid, aged 34 yearsTbe reiattvei and friends of the famirv are respectfully invited to atttnd the funeral, from her ttiereeideaee. No. 264 Seventh avenue, on Sunda> afternoon, at two o'clock, without further iBvitati t Her remains will be taken toCceenweod for interment.Lcncuuderry papers please copy _ _. .HsTHimi—At Eait Hampton, long Wand, on Wednataay, August 8, of injuries received rroc being thrown from h a carriage, faioTHT Hkoux-. F*4 , of tha cUj, in the N t hiag with the digested food.Tnsv R n iTauas ai-o Prairr THBBLOOC TKBV larirr Raxacv io m s Naaroes » r TWKT lnvMiomavt ran Lrvan.Tnrr Hrst-nera*" van DtaasriOBT.TITBV Bsr.tn-ixa raw menmna— orJ*m Boar A*Pa*,aBracmcrojsaia ;«aiaWaAt Mo. eat Braadway. Kew Tort, and by a^: ermrjrnnv"rTrrrrB't' UAIR DTE- T O COLOR BROWN, to CKWTS. f j best black. 73 ecats per box. Whoieaale aad reta- t w Broadway. Xea York.teoitaxaetowUtbelJOO.orOmwhole regular garrison o;'Q^het^ excepting the arttllerymeo, or bombedters Theescort from the landing pjsce will be entrusted to ColonelBell's tr op of volant, r cavalry. A field vmcers* guard and his brother aa the guilty parttta. They were tried, at the wig factory. 16Boud 1 of the Seventeenth regisaeat will receive th- Prtace atthe Governor tieaeral's residence, to which Colonel Bell'sa beaatifol strew steamer, of iron, tt being built forCromwoisItoe, to ran betjwasB Mew Yes* aad WUmisg- first night- 8* aroch. then,for the military programme. fold and the noase was planed around their necks. privately applied. Ha i Astor 1conricted and seatenead to be hung. The execution day came, and large crowds poured into the village to tee tee murderers awing. They ascended the scaf-CrUfsdoroi Hair pees, the beat In the world, wTMCnasaxxirr Cacr—Itttlaidthattheworn,toma. Mfsta to destructive to the «*abeTry vwj*** •**• mented its devastations upon the vines m ^ ^ i * * " - someoftbefieldsareagooddealinjured andaniensthe destructioncanbespeedilyarrested,tbecropinborneto caiitjea win be completely cot off.GtBtdne Russian spor Bnth—68 East yearofhisag.-,with in. J. Movee Doda Juapi for the benefit of i ham street.WtteBaasm.DepotTSWU-T r t c o pytng, eorlmg, aknnatan. invited to attend the funeral, on Sunday anernoou. at two that exieuag m the blood of a perfectly bataky aoraoa. I ui-Batt helor's H a i r D y e I s t h ework. Made, sold and applied; tt appropriate privateWigsand satailaadtba dyeClirehmgha Illasli Win—A Novelty. Part mm umtalnabke:no turnin j up belaud. 39v Broadway, nt ,-.t to A, T. Stewart's.Pearl WagTwenty seveni. sure*., nearThose CatalandSiisl'psa.arecanstagf«cle. But where HOLLOW ATcaed the httle sufferers have variably been snstabaf froai an vnwiatty grave. _ ^S p iTheae anweuene are attrmlngry frequent- BatHOPCE*.—At Raittnd, Vermont, OEThursday, August 9, Hot. i^ja. T DIM***, m tee 72d year of his age.li Llqaid. .Tobe feairts made to measure » » snd O* «'• • -»rs n. I p town Hurt, Besaerv as a mnUenun s Varmsnuir, " • y .."1areaue;ot>endailyTH£o. GifiSJtS. Hn funtral will be attended on thtt faaterday) aaorn-ing. at tec. A. M..|from No. 80 West Thirty fifth istrast, lienttt. Searlatlan w.taiutfartherinvitationvwidow Me^tse (formerly of Maw Orttant), aged 4 yearssame ear for the last sixrit.>Nrw Tos* Aue 10, 13S.'.Di VON M'IMliZrSKEB, Ocub4: and Aura: lonaertg.-urgeun u> the Imperial Kye ami K»r iDuimsry. ^tenaa I-JWI be consuhed oa all dbeaae^ oi the Eve and k » - i . - - m K 6 o'clock at v1U7 Cltnion Pbice. Ki«a^ tt.-ei < AT WHOLESALE -SEC ASS FSOM St TO SeC Ionly at 302 Broadway.BBTANTn' rimiTAIXRT) BTOMArH BITTRna DEPOT MO.8SOOTH WILUAk STBAMT «. T. becb^U]togtteer,tbotrit fortunately turns oat thatThis eare rosiiectfcriy .at one odock,Sroan or Yracatu.—The Staunton Spectoiw- g i v r e a fearful account of a worm and freshet which ooeurraBC b o l r r a . CSanlie, ws/ n d .wetarethaeeeerayand P near. Four or an of Bran-dreit sPand repoattd if r e 1 'iired. * s shali ccme out of the con-I ml imrttsilMartha Kiaoail. aged Sshould be swse will give>ate,a»a_ _ - 1 iiiTaamK kankrirvrwahki B JThT r y sFuoutIhe fami':}ltonNew Y13069usimoctbs aad 16 dafrs.The frttnds andfrflafire- of87omas309 South 4th StreetM. Trwww.fultonhistory.comynisorkki$ 1 Ml p e r g a l a s o r 2 3 c e a t a p e r b o r n etier rCLTOSi nTBaXr-GREEN .MKAJLCHAMI^AGb] Ml 