 wmm.,predominates-^ much reason'earlyWe have not amongst us.telections t« French, German and EaglUh markets.• "which the un- h^ipy audience had to feed, if opera managers anltains apuiposcs of amusement. Even our great variety.Vavr the Fnltnn Ferry, Brooklyn, every 16 mifiatea. Oakxt.—hi Flatbnsta, L. I., on Saturday, Sept. I*, M tSTBA TttxsToit, only chUd of John and Sarah 8.BOCSEHOIJ) orMrr»lte* l» Nac-York." 'Sert.ao, PBiBiRMwIfeofMatthev Oarkno, Jr., and daughter of John DItmas.Tbe relatives and trieods of the huailrare invited to attend the funeral, from the residence or her father, at to mere of t'aihioQable ClotUng for aien and btTS. It coa- Flatbnsh. on Tuesdsy aftemoos, Oct 3IM S o>eloek. CarsTDwioBT, Honday, SepU 24, 1860.ladies, unless they wish openly to repudiate all 6US[,icion of paying any heeJ to domestic duJea,AllofwhichweofcratAnearljrAelectkinUrapeettaUrrecommeoded.asthe B,^rfuneralwilltakeplacefromtherestdeaceofMn.ffimg,or root «o permauentT are the choiceii hoybefannd in thvlTHB PRINCES VISIT TO CHICAGO.sudden Illnesses for which thisgreatartiste has soWe also invite attention to oar very et^oslve stockLt««has written the foUowlng letter to the melancholy a facility, and she was seen no more. A days, by any large part of th» "oiaai mooiM or naLard'OdmMeeofcitizenswhichreceiredhimInChicago varietycommunity,ennxnirVCwd Bsxnav, expres-ezpoce":Be ieriresCMMlritteewlwhave given expression, insoappru-oftheir fellow-I have the honor to be, with great regard aaiJTe- apect.espedaUy' prialeaform,tothecordialfeelingsto theof the incense hauntsthe impulse of the genius of which he or she is conscious keeps perpetually goading to action until, after a few years of repose, they appear again before the public only too gl-id to welcome an oldas "Our Chailotle." By-the-bye, ihe use of thisaffectionate and somewtiat famiiiJir title has a signifi- The theatri proper is Tilled with a mixed made cance which speaks strongly for the enthusiasm of light,nmnt as Minister from Honduras, had aAt Wallack's and Laura Keene's the French adaptations are abandoned, and two new pieces brought out, this week. Poor ScaiBS, so long the Providence of composers in want of text, of managers In want of plays, and actors in want of parts, is begin-to treat all cases requiring mechanical sargery with asldng charity, and then lets it drop against his thigh. skill and success. Also a large assortment of ail k and This action, though few would think it, all Lisle thread elastic Stockings for varicose veins. Femaleinter- view to-day with Secretary Cass, in reference to mat- ters ecnaected with that Government. Honduras, after tbe learned of tlie expedition of WAi.Kia, urgedexplanation of the reaaons why it has been so long de- layed.the first regular Paris theatre, wrote a play in twenty-motherswhohavedaughtersunderniuslcalIn-Denver for the States. Many of those who wenf with them will return In the Spring to locate farms or de'- velope their gold and silver leads. The weather at Denver is very cold, with an occasional fall of snow. The miners now are often tmable to commence oper- ations until about 9 o'clock in the morning, on ac- countofIce. WinterIsrapidlyapproaching. consisting of merchandize, left here this week toAheWallace, he isJaborlng under a very rosy illusion in-leen Bawn" has given an impetus to the Irish drama.of this new drama wears his vizor down., of V* podUo^''-him wba'rever he goes the .'ume ckarmlng oompaay and the sa»e patronage and jtood wishes that have auirouudoA him in " the old ship,"rjh^tfaoiuuid* who „,-m» flraworki. Tn* the Plllioe the Preti- Hovnt Vernon, to uliowWhat opera wouldittt^ houaee any night last week was about • unccr-Vmxm *e. Taipartatlal'*'We are oow la recelf^' *f our large impertttlaaa, la the way ofCOATINGS,— tto arrival •, ^^^ftimraimtVol.,acedai-__„_j of one of his ancestors.be prwent »« laotw wu expected, 1«Jt atwould bring. On Friday night, par eMampte, at the Academy,tN«ir-TorW4>Ul. •** the presidingBrMgeo*of Ihe n o'ckxik Barlem Railroad tnin ttom Vow-Torks::?s:i:s'p:ss7u2r.^^^^-^.to record his obligations to theMAcazAST thinks of Tbefactof it is, the;Gentlemen, your most obedient UumM-^ scrrant,were and only porgies gilt,of sewedevery caiMlid person must be convinced that the WHEELER k WILSON Machine is the only one to par- chai^, whether for private use o^ for earning a llveU- hood by sewing for others.(Signed) T6the HonorableofWm. B. Ogden, Jolm Wentworth,', WlUiam Bross B. W. McComas..THE PRINCE AT THE SOUTH.WHAT THK PBISCI WIU. BATK A CUASCE Or SIX- UIO AT UOHMOND.From ttelUchmmul Whig.into which ft leads look rlieerfpl.up one-half of gas and tbe other of celestial manufac-OFFICE NO. 606SEND FOR A CIRCULAR.'Olroolan, ooaMo* g ehemea (br the monlh. will h« mailedfreeofchane^t ysendlagto, of that m«n tahi •• what kind of wrested thi»-~UATINEBS.pLS>»NVo^"Bu^»»^BgT.JWyr--.-^„ aiini-ifor Her II^eiM, the and of the altars of Queen,A freA edition readyitOB of napectoad will towards the people o( Great Britain, which beoatalned In the letter which you did me the honor to addiesB to me the day beiMta yesterday.lord Kaaruir is deeply seostble of the refined courtesy and gmuiiie Idiianen which characterized Urnoqitioii at CUeago. Tbe delicate consideration eilBHert fat Us oesnidrt, and the scnipulous- regard itamu to his miA to travel In a quiet and unoctenta-s8ngtki*maTalag...aed him with far warmer ttone manner, luwre I ei-miniMHlga of gratftude and esteem than could hare beenWITH BlITOKRS, AND ALL OTHER. RE- CUSDERI4,CENT IMPROTRMBNTakJohn and EUaabeth J. OoUld, of At»Toiit-fai C liaileston, S. C, on Wednesday, Sept.MrtHwd t^ any ceremooion* demoiutratlons of pub-ome brilliancy from theTke WHEElKB k WTLSDITLYONS.-1 Is thepubliclong:of tiu)rce<.ux was substituted, onvery wealthier nowhereelse.o{st/iea and fabrics to be loundBOUrBKISfIt is with no ordbiuy feeUngs of•nutodeandsatisfactionthatIthankyou.Inthename singerscontinuetoplaysuchextraordinarypranksextreawiy low prices.1 and8 Okkey, aged year months.THK KUXnt OP SOLD, nAaovBUBat4>x. TwohandaosaelOmevela. PrIecWkttttt liMl the admirabiedeportment of the people, gare great coming^IfOid Rbxtbxw tbe means of employing In the most CnsaiiAH, who appears to-night in the character ofAtetaceoua vay the few hours which were at Us MrfHalUr In "The Stranger." Until within the lastJtfr-af He iru thox enabled to T!e#, In a cotn- few months It was believed that both Mr. Foiaisr andand pecially of that more iainiediately represented by the Hmav VooLssT Villbs, fomierly of UUca, N. Y., Bexnal!fMe and iaUatt(/tory manner, objects of very.pecu- Bar interest; loappreciata the rapid growth and in-vrhether for th« use of FAMlLIkS,DBESS-UAKERS, SHIRT MAKERS,CORSET MAKERS,which do not admUdples, of failure,and toaee -wmaS nnmbera of your thrlTlng and truly kind and lutions of this kind. A short time before his death,andall othersexes. Yarieocele radically cured by a newaad' cieaalug Importance of your wonderful dtygreat artistsadhereto reso-glit- tering counters, and more than tea thousand modernTree of Ccniury.Suddenly turning out of daylight and the mala thoroughfare into Niblo'.s Garden, where a matinee Is in progress, the contrast does iiot strike one as agree-able. Themain seems hall-wa^-ty,;oomrleooscitlzens.Tba were so considerate as to say that no answerEves Lai;kering after such forbidden apples of goods, jewelry and nmsic as form the fruits of ourpata Pamley A^I^i^^i^ No. (68 Broadway, comer of Bood-st„ flist ikor, upNew-York.stairs. HoniotMBtto3,and(to(eveaiac.which he had been so long the grace and ornament. caiaot allow such a letter to remain unacknowledged. By the last steamer we cat::h a whisper that Mr.of theDKLAWiSB; KKNTnCKT AND MISBOVU STATB LOTTnnS,tp your letter would be expected:but Lord RxaruwOAITBRSHOE BINDKRS,VEST MAKERS, om TAILORS OEMEBALLT.THE LOCE-STITCH MADE BY THESB MACHINESi« the only stitch that caonotbe raveled, and that pre-sents^he — same appearance CD both- sides of tbe scamthe only stitch ihat is approved by families and tnand-npon the British authorities to keep possession of ning to be most woefully snubbed. Yet In this, hisexpresses the paseionate emotions of a father who suddenly llads bis only ^on, the pride and stay of his gray hairs, sunkand lost in tbe fascinations of a Camelia-queen.Sapporters, Shoulderbraces, improved Suspensory Ban- dages, and instruments for physical deforinitiea.Batekolar>o Hair Drat Wl«a •« Taapoea.number of ^ty wagons, and more are preparing to of the or of doom. In ceilingtinlMMn polled the pin connecting the freight-cars with the paanngor-cars Justin time to save the latter tmm htiv praoipitatad Into the ri/er. The engineerto the abut-ClaalaS of tke Fmfr at St. Itoaia.St. Lomg. Saturday, Sept. 39.;matter is vastlydifferent when the language of Shakes-in from his sred his ll/e by jump gthe ideals of Shakespeare's beauties represented by Miss Wilhelmlna Siddons Jones. Those who lovewhich led him to beUeve that a gang of counterfeiters in one of the Western States had established branches of their business in the adjoining Counties of Butlerengine teatof tbetoldge. Nobody was hurt.Shakespeare recognize this. One actor there occa- and Clarion, and he proceeded to Investigate it. AfterThe ifix grounds were well filled yesterday.The premium of $000 for the best thoroughbreddoes not to aU who ^plyfigurein Hamlet atNislo's,» prize of $150. The profits of tin week, are atwut t20,coo.Association for theground that Bamum's spies have not t>een inspecting from some secret spot ? In what undisi-overed coun-\ ^re»p,-ctable succcHs thatmay carryhis engagement to a length BruiLswick.Leaving Sunbury, the officers next drove to a pointDeatb of PT«fe„„rBaltimoei, Sunday, Sept. 30.Prof. ChAPW Habkib, founder of the Dental College, author of the Dmtaiappeared,American therecuriousthathehasnot?works, died In this cityCO years. He ranked at the head of his pnrfe-^sion.great to the bills consist of at the New, Mr. alive peril of his Theprofessionalyesterday, aj^rdhe drew the town for months, and " " position.twos on the Agricultuial Bank.of Morion, Illinois,S.OwiHOSHorvMAH,anoldandhighly merchant of Baltimore, died on Friday.Eo»T,whowasengagedbutforaweek,hasfounda and"threes"ontheBankofNew-Jersey,New-Hon. Mr. LmsAT, M. P., came over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad £n>m ClncUmatl ^n Saturday, uid proceeded to Washington.Han af the Ship StaffordaUre Fennd.now unseen.We are to haveanothertheatre. Mr. WallaOK near -the "Old Stone Tavern," in Slippery Bock township, Butler County, and there arrested a man29. A letter from Tarmouth, N. 8., states that the hull Of the ship SUfghritslare, lost several years since OB tbe passage from Liverpool to Boston, has recentlybo^ found off Sac Harbor, in ten fathoms water.75, with an and entrance of 20 feet on Broadway,iiarrl,, &:r.BosTOH, Saturday, Sept.pur-Tr^s,mosphere, and sit surrounded bylooser influences when they attend these mongrel as-leave. tIbe railrda^ bridge over the Salmon Falls River, Infinitely more vivid than those commtmicable by the on the Great Falls and Conway Road, fell this morn- highest types of the ideal which the greatest artists.b^ while a train was passing over it. The engine, have been able to produceamusements;the earth rather than allow father, brother, or husband to witness their degradation. It is of this latter class, who have most day-time to spare, that the female audience at matinees is chiefly composed.— ImportantAbbisiofCochtertotbbs. Somefor words are better ex- with four platform-cars, fell with the bridge. The ponents of ideas than either color or marble. But theto l>eMalllon of any age was awarded to Potatoes, owned to many. Why, in the opening of that frost scene.by B. R. TvLia, of SL Louis County. The second 'premium of $300 was awarded to St. Louis, owned byi. B. Wans, of St. Louis. The third premium, $100, eastern hill."was awarded to Damon, owned by Mr. Good, of St. Louis.tinue to give delight to multitudes, and what is it !Thewas very satisfactory. Ethan Allen was awarded a lette has ever let her thick rich tresses trail theclosing day or the St. LouU Fair in all respectsrather what is it not ! Whatladyat her toi- morning""Robert le Diablo was announced, and tbe curtainlaaaeoee—Whatmid-day operas is one w*ich For Fall and Winter wear.rose on (ha " Travlata." On Saturday morning, at iiitmUdwtl>trr<>pe'f'>'^'<>f'>^<"' "" NIUo's, Ihe hOBse being not of the most briUlsnt^ Slg-noia Coansi caught, after the first act, one of thoseAnnfor the taaartyftnd eknoent with the public as we have seen in the past few weeks,atten ling entertainment as was given last S:>turdayatdemand is already veryDKTLIN, HUDSON k CO.,Nos. 2H, 3W and 2W Broadwajr, Comer ef Wanen-st.Spot >>rd. FIstbath. this (Monday) atterooon, at 1 P. M.liesTos.—AtherCounts '• on Friday, Sept. K, MAiOAaar Lawta, dsoghter of Majoi *-Oen. Morgan Lewis, and widow o( Matarin Llr-In the 81st year of her age.io\gbsteont.ai 'eral aerviees will take place at St. James' CUurb, b 'rde l^k, oa Tuesday, Oct. 2, at ISo'cloek M. Thefri sodsandrelatlvesofthehtailyarersqaested to attend, v ^ttbont farther notice. Caailages will be Inthe artist's sense.The CommisaieBsn, appotated bj the ondersiss-edBoremor of ths State of Delaware to soperlsteod the drawings of the I vlaware Sute Lottery, do oerMtr thatredlybe at the performed.n VMdar evealaa, Sept. »,weather any morningwill soon become deserted. On Saturday the Cortesi troupe, like the Bourbons of Na-suchanNiblo's Garden.large.IjT,residence, Staattburgh, Dntcheialeft to Mr.SrsAxosoa andMr.Ullvahanundisputedkingdom. Thelatter returned In the Prrma from a ravaging tour, in which he has despoiled all the opera-houses of Europe ofrichest treasures of We aretheir song. promisedMile. JsHNT Net, the great Foehbs, besides a multi- tude of smaller stars. On Tuesday night our own do- mestic pel, Patti, essays for the first time the role of Violitta In " La Traviata."it was a clear, bright, breezy and invigorating day,DBBBT * JA< ESOV. PaHiAeci. M0.4M r.'ew-Tofk.iH NoncB TO fmuimmmm.ples, abandoned the fieU, andthe air to make just cri.«p ei.oughMiss CcsBHAH had retired from the Stage. But it isCHAXLas K&HBLX Came again upon the tx>ards of; busyomoLAi. DRAKNOB. BT RLKBRAPH. OF»HWIiBCAlifzap ItOVTBREBB,ttWOOD,BDDT CO.,MAVA&KB8NERToM TlBMlt agectlons of peculiar imperlaaoa to theseldom we find of our anyclerks using all their powers of over persuasionagain returning perfumeStage.AtriHOftlZXDBY THB' LSSISLATintl.Consnltatko eaFranfais.tbe constituted authorises, the subject should receiveOTOOifi consideration. In order that unaefzhborlyjiiekMiBli s may be allayed, we suggest that the citi- assuming that, in the long galleries and vast squares wreaths arefly-markedthe paint on the drop-curtainrii.o u^ed for covering thi seats betrays eviJence that hair-oil is popular, and thai hands grow moist in hotbe inTited<to participate la the " arrangements." it will be observed that the dis-of the eternal city, crowdeJ with works of genius, shesee cracks in the floors have an un-sculpture, and her friends and admirers are fond ofnot look so diizzling as at night the ;could not be IndBCed to with its in dispense use— all offirst night of her return always to meet those friends to whom she owes her fame and fortune, as far as possible in her own form, and look on^them with her own face, she will open in the character of Mrs. Hal- ter, the beautiful sadness of whose sorrow she pic- tures with a most Intense truth. We cannot sharethem to- Incalculable privations and the opinion of some few who would limit Miss CuSHHAH'B triumphs to the delineationsweud ndaety."n>e Slcluncmd correqwndent of the Petersburgh Xairras says that It Is probable that a ball will be ^ven the Prince, and that the expense of it will be defrayedbyprivatesubscription. Oneofthewealthy men bi the city has offered to pay half the cost of the entertainment If the honor of opening the ball with the Frinee dmll be proffered to his daughter.AVFAIB8 AT THE NATIONAI< CAFITAI..Tbe Bmy lalnad*—Tke Pony Ezprese to be ' IHaeoBtfaned—Syrian Aid> &c.Wasamonw, Saturday, Sept. 29. Mr. ItOLiKA, recently accredited to our Govem-of the terrible, as in Meg Merrilies and LadyHer pdrtrayal of the softer affections we m that of Mrs. Siddohsbut in all her performances we see nothing to warrant us in believing that she has not the same mastery over the manifestations which eman- ate from tenderness of heart as over those which spring from fierceness and arrogance of soul. As she will play during this engagement not only in Meg Mer- nliVsand Lady Macbeth, but &lsoia Hamlet ani Nancy Sikes, wc shall have an opportunity of seeing her auilImmense palace, to reveal the In tliC following act.superb forest view"No. tn Broadnr No. iw FnltMacbeth.can imagine to be different fror Miss U'Neiu.Everything on the stage lags and drags, the promp- ter having to shout his words into listless eaiA the or- chestra-leader vainly striving meanwhile to stir up the-fiddles and flutes to discourse most eloquent nfusic,while the big drums and brazen instruments ** takethe bit between their teeth," so to speak, and make offat a headlong gallop on thfi.roughest and stoniest kindof harmonic steeple-chase. Madame Cokibsi, tbechief attraction on the bills, is " indisposed," and can-not sing. The yaunger Aaonio does his best with anDr. J. BoTce Dad'a Insperial WMo BIctera are without doubt THE BEST KNOWN REMEDY FOR CONSUMPTION, DYSPEPSIA, DEBILITY, PARALY-judging sume.her inof form the drama canas-Badical Care ofHenii^Dr. S. M. Marsh, of the welTVnown house of MARSHk CO., No. 2 Yesey-at., New-York, opposite the church, devotes special attention to the surgical adaptation of his Raoical Cut* TauBB to all cases of Rupture, how- ever complicated. A visit to their estabUshment will.deed. Miss The piece at;every phaseand FEMALE DISEASES. Wllliam-st., New-York.Roatan. Now that Wuzaa has been captured, andher fears have been quieteJ, she is ready to take pos-sesslac, and Great Britain, In accordance with thetreaty, will surrender it up to Honduras. This is the hundred dramas. ALxxANnsa HAasT, who founded singing on all possible occasionsto welcome bf^ck so theygoods.Thisfact beiuRb'troe iamiod,Extra e loss No. 466, Sept. », MM.S, 9, 8, 30, St, 37. 39, 12, 26, 69, 46, 6&, 33. CUam No. 4W, SepU IS, 18(0.43, 3, 3T, 8t,'« 1, 62, 5, 77, 8, 22, 66, 70, J4.WUaesiearliBadb ,UWlIi>bu[ton, DeL,Sept.2S.uM,favorite. Everglagreat an honor Ln every seiise to the N;itJonal btage ing geraniums displayftjgour public, isignora Gsisi sounds but coldly in theearsofaFrenclimanorItaiian. Heissatisfiedwithnothing less than La Grisi or La Viva, and a like prin-ciple animates our public In its designation of perhaps uneasy, su^ge^ting that we occupy a sort of mule-eORDOH, SEAL,It Is announced that His Royal Highness, the Princeof Wales, wUl reich tfaia city, on Saturday, Oct. 6, and its greatest favorite. Since Miss CtrsuHAN was lastremain oAtll the afternoon of the 7th. If there Is to with us, she has passed her Winters at Rome in abe aay formal reception on tl>e part of the citizens or circle of young American stutients in poetry and ing up to pleasure. But can we call this pleasure Tatos oftinguished visitor wUl arrive in Richmond at the close art by which she hijS acquired iter fame. At savory nastiness both to eye and nose ; the red me- eaoFlxtareo.Petersburghnext, Oct. Broadway.r. Chapiic's Church, No. 6(8of .next week, and will thus be prevented frt>rn wlt- ncassing the interttting process of the manufacturt ofBALL, BLACK k (»., Nos. MS and KT Broadway,Corner of Piluue Ststyles,—>, of the Boardhas gathered new Impulses in the study of that;I,of Trustees, will preside, » the condition and prospectsall events she comes ia the iullfection of her powers. Timetouched her during the three ye-irs since she last ap- peared at Burton's Theatre. Since then the tiieatre has undergone a diminution in size,ter calculated for the display of fine acting than a larger theatre. Distance lends no enchantme.il to theid will of thepreaeot a statement of Institution.ckewiMg lobaccB i* ilufactoria o/tkis city, even if HisIrotdatup were wlUlnK, as the majoritr ofstrangers are,to view one phase ofour "peculiar institution" at theliakof offending bis royal olfiujtories. He will, kom-evtr, iumt an opportunity of seeing the colored ptpula-<iea o/Rickmond in ail their glorg of Sunday liberty.Se Will see them promenading the streets in the mostih^iimlilii stylet and almost monopolizing the side-walksJ Be will perceive that they are as lively an^ As Miss CnsHHAH has an unconquerable desire on the phrase, '*about*$23P ill the. house"—say, at the out- cheerinl as crickets—that they are altogether un-in short, that ther trooMed with cares for the morrow—are the "happiest and most contented peasantr^r in the world." if he has a philoeophlcal turn of mind, flie ^rinct will Ae amazed at the stupendousfolly of theJinmtwt ^England and Amtrica, who clamor for the aboUlon of negro servitude tn the Southern States, whta It la 80 obvious that the condition of the slaves labeyondmellor^on,andthat theireafranchisementside, 500 people, allowing 110 '*dead-heada.'' Theorchestra is not full, nor does it play with any special care; tbe singers are in a state of proper rebellion ugiiinst having to exert themselves for so small an au- dience ; the chorus girls wink and make faces at the chorus men on the other side of the stage and even;the scene-shifters make no effort to conceal their legs and elbows while lazily shoving off the walls of anISsr BaUdlafo.—Iron Store andTTINQview when a great actress Is the object of attraction.vigor ha.-;makingper-and scarcelyit far bet-and of the aetrastBondHlt. Twelve private rooms for ^easplieathm ofhto best extant. BA1 BairDye-tbeand Tonpeas have Improvemsnti over all. TUa is the oaly plaee wheta these are properhr andantood and» "AClearCobsbIozI"ob laDesiredbyailI,a.without acquaintance in our City, » ho find and complexion. Sold^y all druggists and fancv-goods malls, to go around vt< Council Bluffs, omitting the hour, however, and fretted it well. The probability- is, anything a relief from--the gossip, tittle-tattle and dealers In tbe United States. Price, U cents per bottle.four hours. He touched something about two him The rearrangement of the Salt Lake and Denver but they passed into oblivion. They fretted their littlenightstruction, and who are only present as chaperons, ind This article Is without a rival as a tieaatlfler of the skinhour of adversity, is he not the less to be admired for;iio doubt many ladles in it deserving all respect pas-his wonderful and sUll. LopI ds industryVisa, the prolific Spanish dramatist, wrote, it is asserted, firesionate lovers of music who. desire to hear professionalaervlce between St. Joseph and Julesburg, which thePost-office Department has in contemplation, will dis-continue the Pony Express, which has become so necessary to commercial interests. The cost of the object, as with Scaxbb, Is simply to amuse, without and shawls more brilliant of hue than enduring of •anted. No. 638 BROADWAY. New-York. Pony Ex{vess, except In connection with a mail ser- reference to ar.y higher purpose, the lease of favor texture. Not a few.,of them have their hair dressedvice, would be enormous. It is probable, however,that should the Department extend tbe Salt presentwith thewillthe moment a vaudevllllsts appeal to aala Chinoite. while ringlets aown the bat-k of the neck seem also irt fashion. Tiie mongrel, hatf-day-ing, that if three-fourths of them could at this instantutter in tears *the pangs of theii gil Jed misery, theWhire> Ihc Hatterj has Intrednced tkeHiawatha Soft Hat. tbe most Paristhat ScEiBi will exceed both Lops di Viqa and Har ST. And their fate will be the same. ScxiBs'd dramasn.onotony of hotel parlors seen by daylight. Theseform the respectable portion of the female audience, Flakle & I,yoB 'SeVrlBg-IMacklBe Co. but thev are not one-half of the whole. All machiaes warranted to give better uatiufactiontoo,will fret their hour andpass away. Where theFor the rest, there are ladies in very gay bonnets, than any others in market or money refunded. Acentspublic class of dramatistsexpire andhigherHat and CphiolpdurleaDr'haat ofalao,I<ake mall contract until Congess can act, the higher taste and chaster code of dramatic ethicsj Pony Express will be continued. Its discontinuance As far as the American and English stage isco -will be felt by all classes, especially by the people of California, just on ttie eve of an important election.Saiicu Claxx, of Michigan, has been appointed Consul at Aspinwall, vice Fox, removed.The storesMp R'^'iie/'wlil leave Boston on the 15thprox., for the Mediterranean. The Secretary of the stage. ScEiBE, however, is a genius In his own way. dVessing in spotless linen, nevertheless ; addicted to lair, Cinciuiiati, Sept., 186(1.UARTLE'tT A LESLEY, No. 42Gcerned it has been too alreadypolluted by sickly translations, adaptations and imitations of a schooldelicate and white of tKir cheeka would becomeired,Navy to-day cheerfuiiy responded to a request thatthe vessel be directed to convey thither such articlesof clothing and fabrics so convertible for the reliefof the sufferers in Syria as the charitable of this coun- thought of accordingly. Both the new pieces at Wal- with a shudder, or distributing winks of patronage to •n receiprof stamp. PHOTOGBj]PHIO MATKRLAL8He sets thoughts "to drama and vaudeville, as Jclliik set notes to symphonies and quadrilles. Both men give passing pleasure to the h6ur, and are to bethecomersof Broadway during the fashionable hours of promenade, staring grossly at iimocent ladies who hurry past themTko Bterooseaple EasparlBia.K. ANTHONY, No. 601 Broadway. Catalogues senttry may contribute up to that period.is alsoThe Pike's Peak Express arrived last night with next mouth. The piece is cast to Mr. Wallaox's to tear that such entertainqients are used byasmalltreasureshipmentoftl,S70. TheCompany women and men not eecognized as falling full strength, with the exception of Mr. Walcoit, within this catalogue, for purposes which theyhereaAer will have a messenger in the coaches tri-, who, wiih gay audacity, refused tlie part of Pinchbeck, woulanotcaretoavow. It is adangerousresort,to weekly. Many owners of quartz mines, who, two now to be played by Mr. A. H. Davxmport, and claim- say the least, for ladies who are not under the protec- p^^^fc" ago, became wholly discouraged, are now ed that of Dr. Sdvage, now to be perfor;neJ by Mr. tion of legitimate guardians. Even when they entersanguineof success, and are making $200 or more perLbstbk Wallace, if Mr. Walcot imagines he holdsit innocently, they may meet or make male acquaint- ances there on a footing of familiarity not consistent with maturity or maidenly reserve. Levity is the rule of such assemblages, and the very atmosphere of the place seems tainted with Bobemianism.NewB from Flkc'ii Peak.St. Josspb, Saturday, Sept. 19.lace's and Miss Kibhs's are begotten of the soil. That at Wallack's is a comedy from the pen of BaocoaAH,"life.speak plainly,week. At last accounts about twenty teams bad left the same place in popular estimation as Mr. LBSitaFlaying with Fire," in which we believe itis ~his intention to open at the Haymarket at matinees, but thereentitledthe demi-mondeKbxhx's, produced to-night,is entitled "Aileen Aroon," and is founded on one of » hlle destructive to those who totter on the brink of Caxltok's beautiful stories. The success of the ''(^1- vice. There are very many ladies who would shudderTheAt MiBLO's the Forrest fury still rages, and theif asked to visit a theatre or the opera at night without male protection ; but who really enter a worse at-it be well for them to consider that mayknightworse and companygreat tragedian promises to give Hamlet to the cracksemblages,the female world of New-York and all other large sitting attentively cities Is divided unfortunately into two classes ; » through Hamlet, it struck us that the recently much Those who have domestic and social^duties during AceMeat on the Great Falls and Conway complained of Indifference to Shakespeare,anl the the day, and who look to fathers, husbaiids or brothers Railroad. legitimate drama may not be without a valid reason. as the providers and protectors of their evening and secondly, those with whom the South Biawicx Jdhction, Saturday, Sept- 29. Shakespeare communicates to our minds by language day has no duties, and who would fly to the ends of'ta.--semblaj;es.sitting In a mongrel light, and listening to a sort of mcngicl entertainment, being the half-way house be-tnaddltloate theirsale a large assortment of Chandeliers and 6aa Fiz-peare is pronounced by Junius Rosclus Robinson, and months since, ofScer Haoci received informationsionally is, who, by virtue of genius and study, will satisfy the demands of the imagination, but the re- maining figures will be dwarfed and caricatured. Thiss good deal of trouble, he was fortunate enough this week to obtain information which set all doubts of the correctness of the report at rest, and he at once pro- ceeded to take steps for the arrest of the offenders.Riddls and Lows, of the dav police, the three started on Tue.'iday for Clarion, and arrived there that night. They proceeded thence to Callensburg, and there arrested a man named Johii a man of yon high very bad reputation- They failed to ind what they wanted here, but in searchiag a house owned by At Babiicm'S "Joseph and tiis Brethrea" con- Stiti, and occupied but a short time before by a party of prostlmtes now in Clarion jail, they discovered a large amount of stolen goods, Including a considerable quantity of jewelry. Leaving Callcnsburith the party drove to Sunbury, Butler County, arriving there late at night. Froc^d- ing at once to the bouse of a man named Jahes Wil- soB, they woke him out of bed, and took him into cus- try beyond the sources of the Nile has a black boy tody. In his house they found'a coin press and dies with a white bead, or a white boy with a black head ,for dimes, quarter eagles and Mexican dollars, with a that Baxhuh has not netted him. What Is considerable amotmt of bogus money, and two lar^e packages of counterfeit blfls, all of which are now m in possession of the Police. Wiison Is a man of consid- erable means, and ovms a large fium tn the nighbor- American Journal of Dentistry, and other standard his character ofMose, in which, in days of yore, bood. He took his arrest very hard, and seemed fullysome of whom are actorsbut itdoesTaking with him offihersStits, a farmer, we believe of means, butDtr„onary At the Old Bowery, Mr. Chawtbatj appears,goodlyseen,"«* reading, by which '• the mom in russet mantle clad" is made to " walk o'er the snow ofhas1.;,seafromMr.kind u' medieval establishment at the comet of Thir-GiB»o»,whoteenth-street and Broadway, a lot In Its rear, ISO bya considerable quantity of bogus quarter eagles. In searching his house, they discovered a carpet sack which contained $8C0 of the stuff, all of which they secured. It was in an unfinished state, but when gal- vanised might easily t>e taken for the geimine article. The prisoner made a desperate resistance, and it was only when the handcuffs were pot on him that he yielded. Subsequently,whiletheoficersweresearch-poses comnicrning the erection of a new theatre nextmonth, the leave of his present estabUshment expir-ing on the 1st of neit May. The necessary fundshavebeenraisedWhat Tfacy AT<e> a Id TheirWe Thiak aT Theai, and Uovr Thor I.aok.TESnXfiS. I'ANTAl'OOKEBT,Theinstitution ofdoes not promise to strikethis .•^iie of Ike Atlantic.sufficient idle wealth to justify the surrender of whole„ „..,_.willnotoflenallowthemselvestobe.s.!enbrisk walking pleis- ant, and the sky wiih no threat of rain iu iu blue ex- panse to deter Solferino bonnets from leuding the vi- vacity ol tlieir bright hues and fluttering ribbons toWhrefrrAWneaaBitCo.'e wsttingatli^ebyde-parkStationoaUNarrivalofthe^ ?:»A.ll.tr» la from New-York.the side-walk-s of our chief8EWINO— OorLD. iowas one exis'ence becomes a plea-ure, even the dullest duties of life as-MACHINES,Dr. HAHMOND has lived long abroad, aad is an sa- thosiaat for Medieal Berorm."—F>«m the /fae-Tm*. Home~Jovmal, Sept. 16, 18M. - 'of thosedaystiter of XBrAoSoAkHlAyn,,daKa.«Y ..sited Smooths.Itthoroughfare. in which the mere sense ofOrange. N. J., oh Friday. Sept. 28, Edits'•Aian «5^Smk?^^ecxei^ent anangements made by the author!- The feature of tlie drama is Hiss ^cvtr did Broadway look marc brilliant All Its ,1 y would ask the candid attention of the pabllc, and es- WxLlzb—In At vnAtbor, Mich., on Saturday, Best. H. DR. C. D. HAMMOND. FnpU of Rlcord. the«&bca«a«suming fatmosphere.irsnufaetarlng Compa- 2t.JtmjiIn esd year of hia,age.plate-glass windows flashing In the Nbw-To«x Tmas, to the fact that the WITEKLKR k stages, caniages and advertising vans fluctuating up highest commendations from all classes ef socjetr,-Paris, and ^,of ri|tlMll^i Car- tnat with merrlng soeeess. npon Mriotly miiirtipii pria.andcertain gold-fi«-h In a muddy aquarium looking as Ifall thetion. It is not a cIk erful entrance, nor docs the housetwter a:irehearsal and a full-dressevery dsaeripUoB, Niw-You, Jalr M, IMS.HON. JAMES T. BRADY, 'It is a mongrel sort of light, notmeans morallyture.favorable to beauty—a light that makes usfwsition in our amusement, the day still having claimsWOOD, BDDT A CO.,operatic perlbrniaiice.eveningand faded we ;dustyhalf-a-dozen droop- tjacturersTo crown all, it is a mongrel company,rich ., goods, offer totAddresses will be delivers d byREV. HEKKY W ARD BEECHERAWlAs for the audience, there may be, in managerialofEducation whloh aresignsconsump-by anydeserte-i,the toUowlag arsi 'he numbers drawn this'day on .AWARE LOTTERIES.:of duly on our time, which aThe white paiiit on tlie pillars and box-fronts'does management. My wifesays It ia a family Ueuiog,' andpremature nightIsyield-Wlh Jngton, DeL,gilded sculpture-.imfinjshed voice and still more unfinished gestures.Heturnsupthepalmof.hisrighthandasIfhewere satisfypatientsortheirphysiciansthatbeispreparedAs for the female portion of the audience, there are —This eelebrated esUbUshment is removed to No. Hladies who have not brothers or husbands to take them to the opera atstrangers;dl-s. UsePHAL'iN'S Snow White Oriental Cream"to their—a very suspicious and painful light Indeel, reveal-; theNational Guard Faocy Hats, atislight, lialf-gasli^ht very tryingcomplexionsNo. 31S Broadway, St. Faul'a Church. opposteTaylor's New Saloon.WILLIAMTAYLORhavingrecentlyrefitted andem- bellished in elegant style his Saloon at No. 555 Broad- way, is prepared to receive his friends and the public.pinkfurrowed with a more naturlSV{)$ll(>fr'alien to the character and ha>>its of thepeople. ( an only Irve on suflerance until such timeas America pioduces men to write for the American who live without any ostensible means of support— Was awarded the J''lKdT PREMIUM atthe United StateswhichbeingSeated by the sides of these, or standing behind their be nclies, are all vartetie-s of that class of mendiamond breastpins, patent leathers and dyed mous-Broadway.— of men who stand on taches, thesort"the gaudy wTecks known asrudderless to and fro in the mainchaimels of metro-politan ToThese matinees are not wholesome for innocence,recentlyerecteda namedC'bas. onwhose theyfound Covxntbt, personby Mr. Moss, Mr. Wallacx's popu-and itbe twlted out of thefinance is fully equal to Mr. pitchy dark he was soon lost to sight. He ran some dis-lar Treasure^, who in ing the house,door,beingOMBMBder of the CHadiatar Kaaeked Dowa. Glasstosb, and not second to Foclb over some rocks, he came to; sothework t^iice,battumbling griefNxv-OaLaiHs, Saturday, Sept. 29. wUl go briskly on, and the present hope and intenUonThft, CMiBiaDder of the British war-steamer Is to open on the 1st ofCloAaforwa* kaockeddown to-day in the bar-room new theatre has not been perfected, but as far asof the St. Charles Hotel by a friend of Gen. WAUtaa. sible it wUl resemble in form Uie pres<-Bt graceful and Cwrtdaiable ezeltenaat exists la regaid to (be a£»ii. weU'ibii^ hauK. Jb. Wuuu wm cwj with Sett. •&.Febmary. Thedesignofthe pos-and was a second time made prisoner. He was ironed this time, and in this way brooght to the city. Thenight,heanUdniwtieldl have a hearing to-day or to-morrow,beforenartlea wen rtrnmlttf,!! to jaillastSlates CooiiMSsiOBtt.—^^'ta'C^Cvnuag Chrmide,Untitled Document;social evils," wtio driftfor amatenra and the trade.dvr." PollockSIS, PILES,OspAt Mi^ 78The Polar Gefrigcratorwill be ie attendaaoe at WilllBiB#FD-'NISHINO0009S, toconveypersonstothehouse.CLAaxsoR.—In FUlbiish.L L, on Soadar omlng.ofsunlight, banners floating over its principal hotels, WIL8«V Seiring-Machine baa- aBiformly seoelveJ the l(A8Trn*-^iDBefrn->Vaedwa-,YonrkMonday, ^pt. M, Dr. Ba- Boehan and Valentine IIott,or this «ity, oeatthaei togolden signsand down its pavement in endless processionSurgeondry- Knowledge in tlus practical Nineteenth^lessmethod. HisroomsareintheFITTKB3,BROADWAY, NF,W-YORK.OEO. 0.JOSEFBJAMXa DUNOAV.onOn the recommendation of a friend, [ pi ocured, somemonthssince,aGrowerABaktrFamilySewingMachine. My family has been most successful in its use. from the start, without any trouble or difficulty whatever in ItsSewins Maektaea.TBE worn AN'S I.IBRABT.The PuMic Opening e« the WOMAN'S LIBRARY OF which I most heartily anx\u."—James PoUack, Ex-Gov- NEW-YORK wUI take fl ace on MONDAY EVENINGernor q^Pennsylvania,-at Rev. aHon. HiKtr J. RAraoin the Presidenttares ofboth foreiga and dooMstle manolbotare*largestoekofIraa WorkBank Fronts, Colnmna, Olrden, Beams, Door Shatters, Stairs, VaolU, fce. Every dwectpWon of Fin* Iron Work for building parposea, mannfactnrod at JAMES L. JA0K80N * BROTHER'S Iron Works, astb-sU, M-av., and mh-st.. New-York.QraTor dfc Baker'a Celabratad HOiaiLBSS SEWING MA0HDIB8.THK BKST m USE FOB FAMILY SSWING.'Nsir-York> on-atM Brooklyn.iaar B. Baaraaa,City.on the importance and duty ct same means and advantages now eiyoyed by men.fVBFBCTFlfarnishlDg for women ths'or St.Loais.'BO. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 