 iTi7kt MZW-tMS turn (WmUj)—Tw« "iThe raastar bakers met last evening at No. 160 nerative, bat much more often entirely un- to whom they denied every ordinary incentive consUtoency. Bat what are Southern QariTbe wfiii«ib««riptioBsor''matai1aIaid." ItUa—.jtmt; ttmuitflm.t»m» aMnm, fer Twuti Douam;who died in Sep-with those in the of free poeitionmeeting we aead iP'«l*«<-J iu perfect snecsa: '-'ijw'tt^ -rmOAUTtttKIA ii f«bltrt«Iea tfe*k tBMritkly IB adnuiM. jaM«H*ttk««HMM«to«h«"irnr-ToMTiiui.»w-T«ifcC»F.itaoalUa.%*it»« KKsm'STHKATBC-^uniDBAn, «B na at about former rates. Com was more freely dealtingontothat letter, with jealous tenacit)^ thoae who think the whole difficulty is solved that its safety can be secured. Bycty deed oT^or MUSIC-^ilryocase supposed and the Pro Rata bill. Theright to build railroads is just as common asthe breachbetween the twoTo the existingiDveationstmang wil I tmaDlBUBssjSlasttasnilsofthslMeBomi^ofI •ter*, that thet* geatlsasa aoid tkdr few desBSd It onwlra to atteopt to throw tHitietesAfUBBrrviuASKV THXATRB—Taa Boiruaoa OF A Porar«l«s.The market for Cotton was qniet and languid.healingPlaKaing tbeir Inveator. Whatever be the amount of evil which, inBuworlli>-LonaAa.anywould notrestricting liberty thaPressmaywork, thecommercial aowrestassarstnalthsnmmtion in Loojtiana of to the State delegatesmuch less trouble andia dealing with it if they would at the outsetandand the habeas There is no impu- ing It vi h a denial of the preaUses ffon which tha corpus- stnkeis deduce their argDoeats, and raaaoalag alta-Conven- tion, New-Orleans relumed men in the iaterest of tha Administration. The remainln? membe;s orthe A^matkanParty—or, as they style themselves, "Theothers.This ia a fair statement of the wholeperience verydifficultyIt has been said by some distlnguisbed dence comparable to the impudent repentance ge'her different.-.a lbUrd reading.Iba-Asaembly, (Committee of theIff mwere at once removed bring;the Pro-Jbrta llill was diJEcussed. and so amended as to fyVliviU tJw Backntts Hsrbor Road and all Long Island Baillbads from its provisions.The Committee loaewilhoatftattw action. The Chair appointed a Committee to in*«at|gate charges of corruption. The screw-steamship Kangaroo, from Liverpool on tlie lat inst., reached this port last night. HerSCO ft 40i.n could none of us white men more an informal one, without trial, orvertising columns of the Fhlladelpbia Press, oriier by E. C. Daslis. Secretary of the last aaalteg.Jaass tiiLLoH was then ehosen Chatnaan. aad Mr.Whole.)advicea hare been anticipated.Advices from Nassso, N. P., to the 8tb inst ,I. IIWhen welar«! sued withhad and its sessions been met.have anWeespionage'bf this worse than renal sheet hasbeen thuswhich—if thel^gistatnreus whoalone iathe mob pleases. Gov. Lktcheb is very indig-in the market.may frankly state that we have no es-The trial on the Vuhcnthe first neta are aachwoDld begreat eeraavmy.of Wm. J. Limt, Jr., for allegedboya/ry ijoummest.THKATSK—So8i!ti ltsi>ow>—J*OK factorily. Freights were rather inactive. Tuu Fut Mm.promptest deltrerr of news from tlw r iicourse not. What right, then, basJt to fix the which they would still be exposed. In short, very weapons which it has so often invoked err. aad tbeinp n'Bfsls'iiOTIPM—AftoraooD—Tb« Wiujok »»The Pro Rata BUI at Albany.iOmVtB-nBUT—Near BroadinT—Uodil or kisa Botaaurl Tanrta.jro. «3i BBOASWAT—If. Dv Cauuc's AraioAa Cdl-NB^^B OF THB £>AY.The. .-Wyudotte ConslitaUoii of Kansas had iu fliag Irum the Democratic aide of the Senate Teatemay, Mr. Masoh taking occasion to denr that ihare inn any evidencea of its authenticity, or lint U ^raa properly before the Senate. Tben the coaeanent tnohition appropriating $3,000 for themary generations ago,measure of despots to aeek to establish, by legislative or executive decrees, the rate ofThe truth is, a more insane and suicidal pol-tence in the midst of a large cIvilizeJ and re-MciiD About, and the clamor with which itBafta^la OW*.TBE RtGBT Or MDLATfOES TO VOVB tlftanaw—Coumssa, Ohio, Thotiday, Fak. Bt.tALOOlf-Oaoaaa (teuar\'» KnmBau. rUAMSAUWK—Ta>AaaaaaakCo.>iMaaAOaaia.quantifyofmerchandiseorservice. Theirex-perimentsweremostcommonlymadeupon the tosetthecanonsoftheChurch member,aswehavealreadyrecommended, andsenttodefenditsmastersinexactlythe ^inipJ.AbssssovM.Tbos.MnuBsaoaToeadsympnbUc may feel reasonably ««•Bipem* of inaugarating a wretched statue of coin upon the public. As soon as the cheatwhich this has been sustained, our people owe'WMtuMKmi in the wrong place, was debated. Mr. HaU made himself and iiia auditory merry omtbefteudo works of art witb which the capi- tal ia dtangnred, eignalizing especially tbe spurious4ec which (oards one entrance of the Capitol, and Ttatitf^'a " Colambus," likened by the facetiouswaa detected, it returned to plague the in- a debt to our railroads that never can be re-venlora, throwing tbe loss almost entirely paid. To punish them for the service they haveliad all been called, obtained the floor for an able ' and Tboroos speech in dpposition to the Bepubli- caa piaUanii, which Mr. Futon, of this State, "MpUed to with eqnai force and eloquence. Theescapepresent difficulty,always seekinguponthelimbsport brings^Caanj-•lactioB of Printer waa deferred until IkaeoDvicted insurgents, Stctkhb and Haz-I.RT, #are sentenced to death at Charlestown onreport.jealerdayorganizedgreatone-half in a few verynot that thetoo small, and thepreponderanceat Richmond, andthe Edwik Coppic who was executed for his share In the Harper's Ferry insurrection. Pabci-at Copfic is ftccused of having also par- ticipated in it, and an attempt was accord- ingly made to seize him for trial in Virginia.popu- lar mind as an example of that most logi- cal kind of justice—the justice of retaliation. Instances of this ir.oral discipline are real contributions to the welfare of mankind. Twowith difficulty, and after a severe conflict, which at one s oment ilireatened active hostilities between the Wise sod Hunter factiona- RoBEsr A. Bihks waa cluMen President, with the usual number of aux- iliaries in the way of Vice-P/esidents and Setreta-Strike of the Maa&acbiuetts Shoe- makers.eighthundred. TheWiseinterestwasapparentlythe manner of life of that portion which enjoysbeen made among the jooraeymeo shoematers oftliesustain the arrests. Gov. Letcheb considers Herald upon the propriety of avoiding per- This is In contequeiLce of the reducad icile of pricesIn il»e ascendant at the outsetceeded, tbe strength of Hcnteb was thought to be Increasing. Tbe nominatinn of delegates t) Charleston bad not been effected at the date of our latest dispatches. The Rhode Island Democratic<^on»enlion ini-t also yesterday, and nominated for .Covemor, William Sfraoue ; for Lientenant-local Ireight, lor the very good reason that theon three grounds, all of them technicalities, or defects of form in the documents submitted toGordon Benkett in the House of;day pro-must be carried a.t low rates, even a modified freedom is aif carried at all. And who are the sufferers by slaveholders cannot afford to overlook. The all this? No one, except railroad compaoiss, morals of the free negroes, by all accounts, areand the influence of theireratitude for increasing the volume of its com- their brethren in bonds is, no doubt, anythingrrloclpalmasufactarlng towns of Masstsha-but as theRepresenta- tives, we were favored with an article in theshoeretts. In favor of a general strike for higher wages.;butbound to mend matters, if they can.course,congratulates Virginia upon her loyalty to not be at allto-day.present.pro-tion, disguisedBalance-of-Power Ameticans, continued in ses- advocBles of the Pro Rata bill do notlegally,institutions,sion at Binghamton on Wednesday afternoon, andadopted resolutions indorsing the National Union tend that local rates are excessive. TheyThatenterprisingjoumol,thetlieSouthtm Con- suCEcient to warrant aa inciease now, aad that waain other crganization of New-York, and that of Washinj- seek an unnatural advantage — words,the famllifs of the! jimnoolloyes fromn wasat, thtan wUhlaOTOM Hum and Ur. C. B. Tbehaui wen* recom-mended as delegates at large ir>tional Union Conveni""'the seve/al co"- 7^,1, wi'h subordinates fromwhich the natural man, whiteand and we are glad to through the bottom of this piratical craft, and excltjag of la'r, and the joumeyipea are orgaaixing:mueo- IIdeclarestheRepublicanPartysection- *M and accuses the Democratic Party of havingsibly avoid it.view loaatrike. vtaiheid at Liberty Hall, tha head-Bank, was contlnaed, on vesterOay. \«evetal witnesses were oi- amBed, and the interest in the case Incwates.Proceedings will be teauniedof General Sessions Ufore RRcorder BaBMBP, the people living upon their routes.days,"»°5jctuieuidifl°erence between the habits of a Ger- poorJOMFowtraand Miri.A.i.without fear of contradiction, that he istowns have beanScllivait, ioatCtM for DQIKlary m the hrst degree, nUaded \railt* tolabors assert, in the fact that at home he lives and—that the career of thisignominiousfora charge of arson andTlie case of Jauis S. WiLUAKI, who is under andon it which differ. In fact the of or any language19,000 fromeffect.aeqolttad.notthe least dcwfbt ttW bofltpointed eallact A ConuBlttea of twaaty-five was cboaen toexamination before United States Commissionar "WolTt, obtained some additional interest yestar- day, from the examination of several bank officerscharge dl"tttf<oa»f^'<wof the last century aboutter or leave his State,and remain in it of under instructive illustration is thereby affordedhaadrad. sa*asa>«aaee that tbe arransemeatsto-day. In tbeCourtcan prevent it.The advantage all accrues t* man or a poor Irishman in this country, or a nant withdelivering tothe Pcnitertiaiy. JlABK Mlbkat i.U-ailed cuiltv to oar comment streogtb,At a large and enthusiastic maetlag of workmento assault and batery on William Rickcrts, and was remanded. JaMCS McGoiKa was convictedand WMllhi Jpaveariag in the same degree the precisely the some in Europe as in Americaif anypleaseschanceofgettinglast it was voted to strike oa tbe night,piiee of ftsfiiyMtB-afeix months, and Ecwabd C. MoarOH was triad on of property (tuiiailto'lir tte State. There isof and sent to the Penitentiary petit larceny,other Governor ofa Southern State, can bond has extorted somepartafJaiMwyTahdilUWli^lr<atbychecks atc«aM bom Una with agoodgnoe,bataatvisions, Orooeries. Oils and Metals were restricted.the there aro very few, we fancy, who will not have " p^Je nay "rale of first coaa Bist ssrved vrlll bs rli|14)y tm-tea prices to be asked by our manufacturers for nish the blacks with formidable means of poetic justice always inspires, on witnessing ny. Tbe arrangenenta of tbe AamoiaM'Attss at their cotton and woolen cloths or iron? Of avenging the every-day sIlgfaA and insults to the extinction ot the Paris Vmven, by the Balifax are now, *• at all times, svek as to tWriHttsin good demand. The public sale of domeatic Wool passed off sati»>Besin andSpirits Turpentine'wem(•• flxn—Tu Cosau* AOBMUBVATB0T7D0IB—TbuiPuou. ourrailroads?lkat{h«r past tea vaars. to be supplied with tbe earlleat lateUlgenae fraa B«-Win,Stoouic—TbiOurpublicservantsatAlbanyareproposing to bring back the good old times thj^t existedits ownu.thesubject hung uponcreatedit. Thelifeofthecurrency. Theythat white men, placed in the position of these same latitude to which Asoin waa exiled for of African blood in Ihelr ths pro- veins,whenit WasafavoriteMfciii.tiieir will.theto which tbe public certainly owes a debt of bad;example uponcordinglydelivers himself of avigorousdenun-rightsXiovernor, J. Rlssbll BullockCtneral,WaliebS-BrEGls. Thesenominations,with tha addition o! xll^ Secretary of State andTreasurer upon the ReputjiiT*" ticket, were ac- direct tendency will be to increase them. Ifcepted by the Conservatives, who t.olted from the one source of revenue be cut off, the loss must we think tbe Maryland andBidical Republicans, and who were iil seJjion Legislature,simultaneously with the Democrats. In the elec- be made up by increasing tbe charges upon one else who takes this subject up, would ex. her non-slaveholding countrymen.for Attorney-merce and wealth. There is no pretence thatandthewhitesofandthe Constitution and the laws, andtheprofessedbill will reduce local rates.Itsupontbeperlect,local have decreased'fjfi^^las itmaybe.conbede,publiclyis to be foundmay be the actual cost of transportation. Asby black,nnscrupulousmajority,find Gov. EiBEwooD pays attentionwithaceternlnedmetnod. Theprlatlpalmoreaeata proposed Na-ititiA ' .Jties. An address waa then sub- mation that excessive rates are charged, nor indisposition to work when pos-no hasof"While is theworkmenof tbemoatnmaeroas saorg Lyoa,ofalltbesboemacuFacturingtownsaadcitiaa.not The Irtt meeting of tbe Lynn ahocBakara, wtth aw^e have already stated, there is not an inti-isistothem,cargo evenifitdoesthat, under the existing state of things, theydepaited from its first principles. For these rea- can be charged. The Canal ia common to dtsenss the unity of the species, or anyPennsylvanian,pure Democracy and Southern sympathy tveLlng of Feb. 6, when » C<>iBBltte« appoiatad fatques- The warmestpre-juristmaintenance of alliyi ,TI crmindrt ^ttn^'nt ^mti'3 jr^d-ou^ ^tIbe Aaa negro troobie i»aa«|l^ The waBs of tto wUtes over their lillinaasanA- kX;'VBB.lT, 18m. 00." Ab oflkear of ue Bowery Bank also testi- products of our people to market is entirely jemniada of privileged classes, in aB agea, Governor Eikiiwoob b, perhaps, in this affefied to the^laposit of |1>Q0 by a person giving the out of the question. Charges only remu- over the shortcomings of imfortanate iaferiora of Cowpio, pandering to the prejudices of hi amaof "Jo£d Brittoo."Dester-street, for the pnrpose of deviMog somemode of protecting their interests against the en-terptizeof Mr. HrcKsm who by the aid of largocapital and machinetv sells larger loaves of breadthan it is potsible for them to do at the same price.Vsrioos pIsDs of redress were proposed, pending the right to interfere in the exercise of their the consideration of which the meeting adjourned functions. We know ofno suchwould be more than human ifthe energy and ability ofthose for whom fiime, rank, power and respect are alone reserved.robbery beea convicted of any offence, without stirring hand|pt'~ —to meet again at the call of the Chairman. legitimatewhichto the letter of the law, and it is only by holdtby placing them on a legal equality with the violence done by slaveholders in violation ofwhites. We think, on the contrary, It would it, is an set to millions who can read- example(DstioB, noto be controlledby the iright. An address, commemorative of Cael Kittkb, A manufacturing company ia a creation of thepreach legality. Tfaelnstitation toshalongerLegislature os much as is a railroad. But tember la>i, was dplivered last evening before the what should we think of a actAmerican Geographical and Siatiatical Society, by legislative Prof. AsNOLD OnroT, LL. D., of Princeton Col- which declared that the products of such an lege. establishment within our State should not beIn the Stock market yesterday there waa re- sold to the people of Ohio at ten per cent, less newed excitement in the shares of the Pacific Mailthan the price to the people of New-York? Should we not laugh at the folly and absurdityday, 88^ ^ cent. Tbe rest of the market was of such a measure? Yet there is not the firmer. No alteratioiv in Money or Exchange slightest difference in principle between therf^baidir Jakathe great German eeographer,negroes in a Slave State. We are not of the number ofCompany. the day, andThe fluctuations wereonly make matters worse than ever. Even if ily learn the lesson, and who canitTel*cn^ Um.frequent through wide ss 8 ^ cent, in a single hour. The s'i'ck finally cloeed about the same as yester-practicen. A .f^^'•T»ar«Jav, P*fc. II.astheexistenceofquestion, the admission of any large number of nothing peculiar" about their property.shillings they uttered at twice their actual The question at issue is one of commercial su-value. But no power could force the debaaed premacy for the Continent. For the manner in 'for tbe final overthrow of the great Roman fore, tbe Court held that he is ontiUed to recover Ur theTlolailoKoftherlabtoonftrredonMm vnOsa-I>yfeudatories, and the practical destruction of the stltuUon. The declriao waa anaalmooa.liberties of those Emillan provinces now so Baotaa Iteas. *wickedly revolting from its sway,/drank with BAILROAO ACCIDEKT — ConHTXRVZnS —his ALEXAitnEB the WBATHBB. worthy father. Pope VI.,poisoned wine which they had prepared for a BaSTOs. Thursday, Feb. ICupon their shoidders.And why ? Because natural laws are muchrendered, and without which New-York wouldThey should, therefore, legislate against the evil, not ia par-have lost its position as chief of great cities, is stronger than legislative and executive enact- the height of ingratitude and folly, which weBttmHot to a dinipatad player of nine-pins. Tbemm>imwteUoa waa passed. The bill of Mr. Slidill.pi oMMIing the issue of bank-notes in the DistrictofCobunUa, was discussed, but, without action,pKstpaoed to Monday. Previous to adjoum-meot, Mr. Bkowh gave notice of a bill to proridefar ths protection of slave property inXiana. In tbe Hoose, Mr. Kciir offered,feat snliaequeatly withdrew, a resolutiontitSac for the adjoununent of Coogreas on theStk of JniM. Among a large number of billsand fesohitkna introduced and referred, the more science (hat where entire freedom to competi- as well as for the claims of humanity, hasburgh Railroad, near Oroton, last night, aal tv« others severely iDjuied.ments For Governments, in the long run,are confident cannot become law at Albany.thing by act of the Legislature for the free negroes, except make the whites respect them as equals ; but without this, no acts of theCometo, there have been few supporters of thePapal temporalities whose experience has sopleasingly i]lusti:sted the double-edged char- home on the track, wbea tbe train raa latato override them by their own will, is an utterTbe party bad been enttlDg lee, aad wareimpossibility. The progress of society is mea-The South aad tbe Free Blacks. The Southern mind, in a good many States,sured by the degree of the recognition of thiscan Legislature materiallyacter of themeans by which those temporalitiesCounterfeit Fives, well exeeatad, on tba Bask of Roxbury, are la elxcolatlea.What had We had supposed so much progress had been better be done with free negroes? Arkansas,influence their con- If they are wise, they will seek to do what the Committee of the House of Dele-anmade, that it had become an axiom in politicalnowwith a magnificent disregard for vested rights,fact, byincreasing respectfor natural lawa. isjustagitated bythequestion,dition.were originally acquired and are still defended.The religtbus vixen of the French Press hasfor years been accustomed to assault all thatWe had a thick anow-atBrmSociety for not doingImpoftant wen those of Mr. Tatlob, providing for tion is allowed, the parties engaged in a par- solved the question by driving them out pell-mell. hle out of the country. The demand for blackis mostandthe nochaaa of Cuba; of Mt. Bbiobau, for theticular enterprise or calling are the best Tennessee was about to foUow her example, judges of the rates of compensation they shall when she was prevented by the energetic re-—dear freedom of the freedom of wor- New-Jeraey Ceatralsod aaithar aalhar-abolttioaofCongressionalmileage ofMr.SacB- ;Press,tUM, canmring the President and Secretary oftha Vary for nagotiating improper contracts, and pay for the services of others, or charge for monstrance of Judge Catbon of the Supreme-^^^^^ I.ater fraa Naaaaa.. CHixuarea, Tboraday, Pab. M.; laoqaoilinf tba Post-office Department uf Mr.Bowamn, granting pensions to the Soldiers of18U; of Mr. TALLASDiaBAX, ittcreasing the an-—•M. Mr. AjiDEBSoa, of Misaonri, after tbe States social or political science that what appears sion appointed by the House of Delegates toriagesrepresentative institatibns.imal for arming the militia to t600,- aapropriationin over the same vexed The Commis- haps progress question.their own.But it seems we have been mistakenCourt of the United States.Marylandis nowthe fact is that there is nofor it.;laboring in the throes of anxiousper- cogitationliberty into wishing that it might one day be At an events, it is the only mode of made to feel the weight of the chains which itto t>e such is only different sides of an ever- consider the condition of the free colored pop- revolving circle which, in its fated course, ulation in that State has just presented itsIf her free negroes were once in Jamaica or fied. If a righteous use can ever be made of Ttie Legislature bad opeaed friOL Impoalag eaie- moBlea. GeiuPrsaeaandhliwUsaadotherAaarl-again presents to us, at Albany, the good oldsets d6wn the numberof owner-Ittimes of the fourteenth and fifteenth centuriea. less blaclcs at 90,000, and states that it is steadi-In this day of fancied commercial freedom a ly on the increase ; that their freedom confersBaibados, they would have all the induce- restraints on free speech, it is certainly when cans weratheeompetMeaofrtral wvtla. Eftucbaiianiever existed, H waa cared long ago. AnythingTBiimN^tfidMLAMerdia«Mw«r« James Blmp- like monopoly or extortion la carrjring the raacalify are but a wearisome repetiilim of the IbMkrerounerative, are to be the role for the future. It has been a common Idea that, becauseto industry and exertion. Men to whom so- emors doing when they witness the ciety steadily refuses all honors and rewards and banishment of men who have neverI^^wpto construct railroads has been de- rived from the Legislature, this body retainsauthoritythey displayedbeneficial,are,surprised,It hasperpetually tempted the outraged friends of (ot the other.Toesdsy. The day of execution, for both the nn- decree is to go forth from the Legislature of no right on them, except that of not working dom andiiartOBate men, is fixed for Friday, March 16.Ouvaaa made a brief speech, denying a statement the State of New-York, to be enforced by the if they do not like it, and charges them with nature into activity, their vices and shortcom- does not count upon the globe. A great ser- aas, was arrested hera,to-day, on tha eharg* of ab- swam to by one of the witnesses for the prosecu- severest penalties, requiring rail road companies preferring crowding into the cities, and pick- ings would, at least, not endanger the peace vice is always rendered to progress when its ducting free negroes aad sallliiK tliea lata Slavarr.tiaa, to tte e&ct tkat he had proposed to fire the hereafter to regulate their charges accordiog ing up a precarious livelihood by small jobs, in and.City M diarteatown, and averring tliat hish«.ppiness another race.of aflourishing communityofopponents petard.areconsdeace did not reprove himThis is a kusy season in the political world. ^The Yirginia Democratic Convention aasembledto certain arbitrary, unbending rules, no matter preference to engaging ia the hard but useful how false in principle, or destructive to their labor of the farms in the country. The reportfollowed, with aactions.asseveration of bis own innocence, denying that he had met committed murder, and charging the wit- asases for the "prosecution with perjury. Both prisooeit expressed their gratitude for kind treat- ment received from the omcials who have had Omu in charge, and b(Kh wore the air of men in no way terrified or repentant.HAZLxprstrongerThe gagging of a tyrant or an inquisitorreads him an impressive lesson in toleration,FaOTbe Almaden Quicksilver Mine Case lus beenfor hisTbe AlmadrD Qalrkaftrer 9f1ae fTaaa.business, or to the general welfare.And what ia the ground for such an assump-tion ? Not that excessive charges are laid byends with the usual call for legislation, to make this black popolation more useful to the whites, and to prevent emancipation in future.IS.Fapniatlaa af Kaasaa.0T, Ia>(ii(, Wedoesday, Fab. 11.According to the official returns O^'^*»*0*¥>n the population of Kansas Territory isM.UO.ThePAETICrLABS Or TUB UOVBHBHT—ITS OBIOIV ABO PSOGBESS.From the Boston Evetnmg Trarefler, r.>. 16.our railroads upon any kind of freightIt is Impossible to deny that the condition and and future of the free negroes is a matterapparatusa fair view of the two sides which potoriousivnotwhich must continue, between the railroads which calls for tbe serious consideration of the surrender of Babclat Copric, brother of mends itself at the same time to the;exists,and canals, local rates have not been reduced the South. Their numbers at the North areof the white population is too great, to give us any cause for and faithfully served. What then ? That some uneasiness about them. But in States in which kinds of throUgh freight, in obedience to a uni- the black population is very large, and in whichthat under the which competitionexist in ail disputeti questions, while it com-of the State have not beenpeople efficientlyliea. The linmber of delegates present exceeded versal law, are carried at lower rates than the greater portion of it is still held in Slavery,or three days, for example, after Mr. Rodeb A.Gov. KiBKwooD refused to grant a warrant, Prtor's tremendous castigation of Mr. James Within a few weeks an eitensire movement hasthrough freightsubjectwhichyears;races have —in common or, in other words, that forms of procedure. These are the great bul-ohthere are certain causes which produce the warks by which a weak minority are always federacy, of Atlanta, Ga., has just run afoul of ent rates have been p>aid more with a vtewtsSEsepton, as worthy their support. The Hon. Wa^u- '^ liave Ihelr freight carried at less than what same effects on both of them. Among theweaknessesas well asan he canmost easily beset,It is not necessary for us tootherseriously damagedits. sons, ^either of these organizations can be sup- boih of the great railroad routes in tbe State. question in natural history, or geology, to prove plain duty. Into the meriis of the con- are auove ul suspicion, in an article of yester- the piirpose reported tbe (bUowlsg pladgt !ported by that body of conservative men, which,last Pall, appeared to hold the balance of power intbe State election. Until it can see its clear Erie at Binghamton, atwayof the humftn race totroversy between himself and Gov.weL«tch«r dayuponstatingthe " that'<^«^tbe oBderslcned, joorBeymea Sboaaakars, PhUadelphianBlacklist,"after JobiUyandseveally^adgeotuaalvaatoaaspsadourIn the State Setiute, the bill to incorporate theRailroad Accideiit Inaurance Company waa re- more favorable to thepotted favorably. Notice was given of a bill for What bos been the result of it ? the coostniciion of a railroad in tbe Seventh-ceum Hall, and held a very eathnsiattic mscttag.aveone;powerby fame,and a billand consideration that taken it brings or the love of which is an-theliquor was introduced. A resolution, appointing a since 1860, as theregulatingsale oftheAsaociatiaD,andsoiaeofhlsfrleads. TheyarelaIt lies alongside of the Central.It meets thegeneral repugnanceOwegoto contend for principles which are not sectional, Genesee River. Between ttie railroads ftod disputed, even by those who are most violentacquaintancefess that we tiiink all complaints from the Ex- "p<rfitical character" of the mercantile full wages hereto annexed i and wa Ihrtkar agrsa aotbwillmaintaintbepositionit hsshithertoheld.3^ address was adopted, a State Committee was water line a most vigorous competition exists. in their denonciationa of the lazy habits of theajipolntad, and the Convention adjourned. Such is the reiatioa between the Erie and free blacks. We have not yet had the pleasure" to take work from iny Lynu eaiployer at lastUaa ecutives of Southern States of Northern oppo- houaes set down in tbe list enables us to the list ol prices, unlets the strike shall have baessition to the assertion of their rights. In this speak with entire confidence and without the di;conMnueii by a rote of a majurllj of a aallngof the »llb^cIiber(< to the afiieemexit, ample noUoa of' Tbe aboemakera ofwith, tha sctsal rates of wages psid bv their em- formerits the of seeing many white men, of any race in the matter of criminals, come from them just fear of contradiction," adds, 'in accordance, n hich UK elf Dg sba:l first bave t>een given.**Massachusetts,discontented Central railroads.Through branches,ployers, have organized a strike, to take effect on . the Std inst. The movement b understood to in- f dude tlie entire craft.competes Caoandaiiaa,Syracuse,f<mee298<i!iatur»1n the pledge and Mil of pricai neie tefKirred. A.'CDa&psa, Josapa Dorr, aad D.uptfn evArf:groundwith the latter at at Rochester and atworld, who labor hard from mere love of labor, now with a very bad grace. There is therefore, with that knowledge, we are con- The meeting adjoumad to last Saturday, at whichfoot ofapnpdoitnbteedof our own State ? but It is not Iwcause toil is sweet. They are pletely suspended with regard to all Northern houses, has departed from the truth so will- Last evening the joorBcymen rsaiasmblad at Lt-peoplerates have been reduced more thanstimulated o exertion by the desire dt wealth, men, and in wbicb every traveler from a free fully and glaringly as to place himself in the The lack of barmonv waa caused by tha pf**- Gslyfollowing statement,York Excise Commissioners, was adopted. Ths from the late Beport of the Auditor of the Ca- other name for general admirationerty completely dependentor the prices of a savage mob. We hear every Mr. Hamblfton's list contains about one hun-Committee to inquire into the doings ot the New.;love of authority;liom tbe Astocladnn some tiate ayo. aad ma-iCiilroad Toll bill was taken up. and altef debate andamendmentorderedtoathirdreading. Inths Committee of the Whole, the bill relative to thelates of wharfage in this City was also ordaied to tttr.1853.. 1844.. IMS.. Its*.. 1867.. IfcM..caae of theday of"fo» which on either side «e wUI notat this tlaio Bia-usa.nal Department, will show:or by affection for children,personsbeing.theand at the severe toil. The fact, we believe, is seldoMWhy, tbat onehalfState has not had bis life, liberty and prop-category of venal libelers."eoce of Ml. Taoaas G. RAiiias, a foroier PrealdeBt ofand the comfort,;pelleddriven out from dred houses, and of these it says that not lual haid feeliom have existed since, tba grouodasoNevr-Jeraey I.eKlalatare. PASSAQE or BAILBOAD BIU.8 IS THI SBBATa. Tbbbtob, ThoTSday, Fab. M.Slavery did not complicate the poliUcal equality with the whites, sowith aU the greater readiness that there is "The sdjouraedmeeiingof theNova Scotia T«b-blacks tofarfronfraces, would only widen It.tbe frcIlBC the aharehaldcT*A moderate inquh-y prevailed for Flour and Wheat the right to form a company for the purpose of divisions of party it would add a bitterer and the opinion of many persons, the French laws In tbe way of tbs refttrai wfeleh has hasa/ in. ThetransactionsinRve,Barley,Oats,Pro- manufacturingcotton,wooloriron. Nolegis-a deadlier one thanfounded on differ- the of Inaagtirated by Iks aaw Bnaid. TH* I'rass aa*ence ofbe constitutional for the State to fix a tariff* of prejudices of the whites, and it would fur- experienced the satisfaction which a display of foread at all of the oflkes of ths Vmx Olative act is now required for either. Would itrace.Itabaterates at which freight shall be transported overWe should like to have some though we confess we know of no disease ofNo one who re-gan of the Middle Ages directed against Ed- thioDgh Ihetr arraagemeBts.the remedy would be worse than the disease, one point out the difference in the two cases. the body politic more afflicting than the exis-against members theenemies.will coittnoeicy never engaged the attention of a legisla-of a race ofcalled on thefined compeosation that should be pidd for a given tive body. To act as is proposed, ia aa much casts.degrtuled out-Police for the suppression of Ids terribly witty book on Rome, can regret its being treated to a dose of its own medicine,beyond its functions as it waa beyond those of If the Marylanders are wise, they will re- InquisitionCourt of Ohio deeidad tbe Sapieme e«e otthe sublime laws of the Univeiaeclaimed by Galilko. We have no doubt that free negroes, would certainly, in a gen-againstprepoadera^ ke- assailing them. iBg white, were, by the ConstitatloB of IMI, stfttMcommimityHavingor more simple than " to raise a revenue" by do otherwise and be true to the commer- of the faults which render the latter faithful champion of Cesab Bor- bavlng been isade fa this respeet by the CosatttaUoBpower, no process, apparently, could be easier our railroads carry at low rates. They cannot eration or two, exhibit a good many Since the memorable occasion on which that to exerdfe tbe elective franchise : and that no ebaigefixing the nominal value of the sixpencea and greatcial and manufacturing interests of this State.Papal rights,gia, Duke of the and Cardinil Romogoa.of lesKtbepIaiotiffhtvlngbatone-elghthot Afrfsaaseverely denoiuces the Colonizationlabor in all the free islands of the West In-dies is enormous, and the transport of 90,000to that distance is not an vagabonds enterprisefrom which a State like Maryland need sink in despair when her interest and safety callsgatesfrom herwhich con- wasAn arrival at thistbs Naaaaa;respectablecivilization,send as many as possi-in modemments which the rest of us enjoy to become they tie the tongues of its worst enemies ; andindustrious and provident. And even if Free- a worse enemy than M. Lotus Vecillot, theArrest far Abdaedag Vrae Vecraaa. AoassTA, Ga., Thwaiay, Fak. U.Equalitydid not arouse their nobler Editor of tbeUnivers,suddenlyfreedom of all kindsAiiDBSW BooEBS,bailingPreaching and Practice.IMsw-OsLiAss, Tbarslay,the objections imtenable in every way, and ac-and at which they bare of late be»n obliged to work, aadevery obligationswhich they on her towards imposethat there arecertain things which tbe black and the white in a rigid and unscrupulous attention to thethat one of the best for guaranteesof a fox caught in his owa trap. Fools and tbeir Bloner.These rxpiess a detanntnatloB to resist all atlaiapts to iDcteste tbe tariff of prices, and astert ttiat tke smoant of stock ihry ba<e oa haad jastiiea tba poli- cy, while tbe principle or Iheir refaeal is vtndieatadlawyer's dodgedischar^strained to rrmark that .Taurs I'i.nck.vet Haji- ia Central and hundreds of ihousanda, in fact, millions of them, line in which, during the past six months, the BLETO!», editor and proprietor of the SouthernWe of couiae are temiUar with the ftet flbthardly a State south of Mason and Dixon'satandWestern New-York. Can any condition be toil with terrific energy from morning till night, Constitution and the laws have not been com- Confederacy, in reference to the Philadelphia tolatiulghuBuffiJo,E. W. fTuum were neighboiiDg towns,a Oommlttaa to visit meeting was adjoataadfor thehonestofa whosequartersoftheLynnMechanics' oathh AsaoelatloB,do pot propose to enter, but we must con-itslabor, OS a day hereafter to ba detaralaad la aaasa with the theOMIftrMa C«ls«rua 0«itp«rtoB CMtptrtos by the hope of seeing them honored, useful, every one of them upon the vaguest siupicioB over a dozen support the Abolition Party, or The hall was crowded wlUi aboemakera. Ttaasaatstnm anasr !—its MaBdkto rt-mntimaadanmad toAlkav cMtouaBliu. and happy. If all these incentives to exertion that he holds certain abstract opinions, not in any way act in hostility to the South." It were fuU ar,d maaweyrfeloatodlelasath1e,Ma0ioslreIsJOOpreseat1.17 M la 4U Mifor emolument, were closed oncomplainDaauM Secretarv. Aodrchsee weie made by$• IS 4 Rl 4 ti ( MI 4113)seems that the list was made from uptbedoor^ Therethe ad- At a Utile 7 o'clock the maatlBg was aaUsil t» pastif the severest labor only without a good warrant, hut without even conviction,tUs we areIn tbe above statement we have taken tha and if nothing we could do or say munity, in the opinion of the mob, jus- the houses named. Our Philadelphia contem- S. CcuuiKOi. Toe latter gentlessan sUied t"*' "J.. 4.. i<80 .77 S14 profit,_. . McFfrs. AioKzo r.. DaaPEB, Jaaas Dnj.o». and cbm-through movement,but the illua- couldpossiblybeing" scoundrel" in thatpiices, sofaras c»t/vasaed,h»d been '""v";''!",'ration isn the same ratio as through rates.asthe community in which we livedreportas thetreatedofformallyprovidedcity* TM ^Canalireight they move. Bli» iB-^^i*"^*"'' propsr gentiii/mitnerule. If ihey charge too maeh, or make too and mananJ, or of an Irish Protestant Sqofreopa forTV ho Identified the defendant as "James Simp- much money, the evil is very eoon cured by a hundred years ago about his CatholiUthan- a livelihoodpersonal investigation whatever;every positionhonor, us;delay.k. tha Chahrmin aad byofprevent us fromor coollyapariahs by large portionnot alreadybyGeorgian10 had re fufed to strike.TaliGov. EiBKwooD for notpoor German or Irishman at home,4ies mainly up a fugitive from justice, but we ventureeffectually exposed in a quarter to the South will look withentire confi-Coiiioa, Thursday, FehL !». in Lynn, Natick, Haveritill,Msiblehead a-id othera strUe forOader such a state of facts, what ifthe'tWrdAgree of that otlence'! and wSe «m° freight be carried at ieaa than local rates, or under the cold shade of aristocracy,and Bin,ur«» to two years and three months in to our population own reach or those of h is children. The race is his State from every species of mob violence, he, himself, if the suggestion of the Pennsylva- oal MassachusetU.throughccntitlednriikkihwWre'iipM eaodtanoe lo tbbafto-night hss\ pie opportunitv afforded to sH mea andwbo vslne their own civil privileges, of ez] ^1or foot for their deliverance ?If the South ia wise she win do more thaa lUkewfee to the station of a great and JodiWe have said that we do not overlook thedifficulty of dealing satisfactorily by legislation is so much attached owes Its whole existence iSovcKigna or the fears rf Pnpvs. Im iUforinfuriate ravings which this or- rope fron tkla point, aa wall as froa all80 obnoxious to slaveholding eyes that, in fact, wherever white men are foimd in a position of social or political inferi- ority, they are remarkable for idleness and im- providence, and for flocldng into large towns to fiud comfort and support by mingling with mas- ses of their fellows in misfortune.tisan rage, but in pity. They can do every- partie carree of opulent Cardineds at the Villa JoHB Habeiits waa instantly killed on tha Fiteb-;blood,bavlag been refiised at- tha l^real-and his voteValkhtiko, to whom the Holy See is indebted denUal eIrcUon of ISM, for that reaaoB alooe, ttoc*-all that even its own countrymen*hold most Tbe Senate has paased ths bQl to eztsad thsRailroad,ship, and freedom of education, civil mar- itlBg a new railroad from HotiokeB to Nawaik.andIf Is confidesUy aaserted that tba *-fto fastensorts either with justice, honor or soundpolicy- of its opponents. They have now been grati- ioKoftheStb last.We publish in another column tbe Message especially when the gag is taken from his own decided ia favor of lae Daited Slates.of Gov. Letcher, of Virginia, complaining of the conduct of Gov. Eibkwood, of Iowa, in re- fusing to honor a requisition made on him forof torture. It him with presentspaying the strictest regard to which they claim If uiter y Inadequate to theirthe rules of decorum in carrying on political or cecesflties. in)urious to the "bosses" aswatiaadasonalities,ciation of EiBEwooD and the North generally, controversies. In like manner, we should Kradisg to tbe jovirr eymea, and ei.tlrely uojuatlftvUahyanyolrcumatancrsatprewnteitstlac. Aparttoa if we were to re- of the maoufacturers have either admiUed tbe jasUoa of their claims, and offered to comDrooiIfe, or ex- ceive from the Vnivers, at Brussels, daily pressed their niliioguesa to co&perate, when thara But while conceding all this, we must say faithfulness with which sbe discharges all the homilies upon the value of religious tolera- IS any general tenaeucy amoag oUiar muafaetarera to unite nith them. Others oppose the moreiaeat, tion, the liberty of the Press, trial by Jury, its dettgD, SLd the clalais on wkich It Is based, owat-urouad tbat itie profits of their buslaess are aotenabled to defend themselves against a strong a snag, which has apparently knocked a hole any p'05i.rrt of gala. Tk« contest- has wazadqaiiawhathismotive so asbe lists"and"Black may be, longmatterdoes not substitute chicane for justice, or a swsmp it altogether. Tbeand that noinformed that the safety of the com- was instituted into the political character oflists,"upon the ca- This is very pretty, and also very pleasant. favor of the Imt to some of tba views sinke, objectand leaders of tbe majority. Mr. Hai.»«s was ex-oftified their action—just as if it were, porary, in anticipation of the arrival of the number of naniea obtalLed to tbe P^edae so" r> i" •the —shunned ia Constitution and laws of all tbe States inon hiswas" tike la the figui«»-the >>u'n*»^.''b'ej'aidSa'eel1 ,tnllrj»y are Now, how can the advantage of the people s<icie(y and in business, and in e—very walk of the Union that the question whether a particu- the hope that his reception may be a warm talred being 1.126. To theae ahMid" or who Hated duriug ikethe number lar person is or is not dahgerous to his neigh- one," and that boot and sole leather" may forty w«. fixefd'"^'-^l ^ ^wichreceived throngh an arrival at Boston. The Insu- of the Btatete so well promoted as by leaving life, as if our touch were pollution Tbe 2ad of February'. !p^ro*p<o^«J«^l w«er«abors is one which afraud battles T Ibeir respective capacities for husi- "scorning delight, and living laborious to decide. The laws operate in Virginia herself,the railroad and canal tofightjuryAter ttteapp^at-than the amount of freightofferlag. Theymustcompete, toothingexceedinglygreaterout their own of those amongstcompetentsmall. The not whenever they are required, but whenever pecial regret that the mean and discreditable rhr„sie^.";:rrbrr.xnr;iro'i,^«would be foundupward tendencythe strke should occur,«r.n._^dencewhile himself at this moment utterly unable to pro- panderer to Southern prejudices will be likelyi« said to embraca operatives tn all tba tenced—FowtM to three years an! six months, even witboat profit? We certainly add thereby here all tbe prizes of life are either within his tect the most inofl^ensive Northerner who enters to come to an inglorious termination, and that ptlJ'Cipal shoe and boot manulacturlac tewaa througb-to insinuates that he disap- nian is heeded, stands someiuiners and the value it Is the influences which are brought to bear proves of Slavery. Whenever Gov. Letchxb, his honest deserts. It is said that tbe vaga- 22dof February, and a Conunlttee of lire was ap-oneandsU the the closest resemblance to that of a Freach the North, who is guilty of no crime, may en- the report, then we can only say that another mwoaasesyataodehefloprcarnroythtehra Cstormimkietthereo,ugtio. cooanprtoovflsioapeaMUttsntry-oiiuMoaas BaB>», fhoe manufacturer ol Lynn, hasDocentoum;beldiaLynn,to notify the Bsnofactorera to thatthe mer- Uw Railroads Southern gentlemen about free negroes bears pledge his word of honor that every man from chants of this City. If there is any truth inthe protection againstThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069perfect securitythe old proverb about the infatuated expeditiously partedof the laws, inall outrage, from whatever quarter, a who isindividual tbe from his money.aro fully cjinied, ,. _"conected the Chairman, who swindling and black-mailing" tour, expresses ly by "?n"""",maeSngnotUngtthed earnest hope that the people (rf Italy iThe NoTB ScMU*• *gragh Compaay wts held la tUi eilr T»lni<»i.. tatthe fnlure.for ilmThelast. The Court held that persoaa havinr a klxtara*-" pass tbe Hoase, and that the efcaaess srs fsiaisMsfrom 'Ma^ Heleiia.hoist with- their own Sabatqaaatly he waa conveyed to ifacaB tat utal la charge of PoUeemea.meetlog, unlesr, prior to that Una, ire rseelvaBOoIt aerrree<"cerni ltomovea and carried.[ji TaixoaiPa 1to-day..utih«e- employers.'"'"-v.,-* tt, t'jttrr lin*to a•OP•n'e"tThe Shoemakershotdlaf saaat- iiigsprellmtoaiyto higher wages. TheaioieirentstrikefaLed. Uablilttes •?»,(I00.aeod» www.fultonhistory.com 