 a* the chance* ar© <d«r and massacre,jthorisy here, » h 4 of. the spoil*of £ *JK>& in*t., fttftb« d*y previous hri*siajk;<rtiarter-c£ hrfotiaos bad com- in Beyront, h o t ; baaoccurred. X Eagtieh CJOSQ] a tr*trotn*©cueofthe in the horrible con- r Mr, Graham, a a TOfall wounded. prh, not a ChristianQthenewsreceived < law fe«r for them- Chrietiaoa,andareroe believe.». Be- rt Araos, a»ii8^e4have begun such a > of Daoaascna strith ietlana are shut up; t die of huxigrfr m »ate the Dumber of"t«uptoyeetafday »po.Sir,forthesake tinyotixvaluable- Sngland" are aotoe- y the reports from of our men-of-war, h Turlrfeh Go vera- order init*doaiia~ d down by a prom- phis,; butrecollect* dace, I have never sen one Pasha and* a much ae they oaa y well whenthey.wo orthreeyears* awarethatthe looths in;arrear to plunder to the little dieci-sm. and foaw yonr' I r«n aware yon, rriment at Damae-d at the enormous; tvaMim, Austrian^ *isarealltmrnt,and- burn the Preach.•>t.~n1wassafe,bat hie life w worth •Mburat,andall' of parsons have l-Kader,whohas and premises toof b»ood.ajeety**shipEx-r ot--e, 50; the dis- iinere. There isanother Je&^fes* Si.;c-ty'a^siup ]fo>:s ir Freat^h gunboat * 's of the lush fxoat \soesjdtyofmaking $re hope tbat my" • i._• Engia:d to see ;Sloslem Power. ', ABSYROTJTLNE. 3u received Lorn Tping near the house I tdenially fell o n y led to the massa-*ian9 of the plaeewe headof theMas-pConsul was obliged Fhi* nation. On v unmlmana is, * Let .fireek priesthas: !u aiic, bdconse h e ;asmallbelloahis breseeiug that die- g tof tneir property^ donios, who plan- Christianswho re- . bed, and their fate faLFreshmaeezt-. ir. to the north ofof Beyrout, afters extensive massa- em—that is to say, fjestj thinking thai content themselves •ee, add that h e tinos the destrne- sulsarenow00- detiiils of those jofirites horrified a t / oaiechildrenoory1 hinging by theittAched to trees fey at position. If the re dismissal of theof Christians willn vain the Snltan »g aole to perform. .done,forhewill x-ncily the contrary ieirationisconfidedandofconscience,, Ivesexcepttodoheconventionof ten imposed on theises: in.On&kils,Moka- peopie among the 0'heordersofhis hisExcellencythe icy Unas'! Krt'endi, iacan,theOnakils, oftheDruses,en-rootoutthecaasee >ce, -ndtosecure »uformabIy to the ;NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY, AUGUST 13,1866VT *•the love of thelencement of these chiefsoftheccan- whe love the conn- ed to prevent their b* machma'aons of ipailypersonawho ing boys and girls, onable men,-they- b-eakingoot; Ba- things th-.r* is no erf'Ubionofblood, jan cbnclading a JS,conformablyto e in the year 1261 rion of what i a s;withthehelpof teral peace on the tf^r allthathas f the general w ar » has the "ight of' isnt or the f atore: by w h o e v e r s h a l l iedi*tely punished;-endeavort>pro-•the chiefs most in>imrrence of such a;rPIbeissuedincon- e mountain.. T h e atso conform tn^!r ctiocs of the Laba- romptlyexecuteail mikethela'terae- rbeneveritmaybe ;alltheireffortstc wiord betweentheBritish Pxees have given the least countenance to the suspicions and rumors which are current respecting the originofthecivilwar,theprejudiceagainstwhichthe Empeior seems to defend himself can only arise fromeral parcels sold, tor Ceylon and Coita Rioa very firm. Tea: value unchang-d and Inquiry limited Rice: several paroels sold at full ratfa. Saltpetre firm with a fair buflineaa. Tallow firm and demand on tbe increase•leg, and, besides, was horribly burned about the face. one of the porters at theCourtlandt-street ferry had carriedm ba»rsl and a bag of stuff to a house in Wathiogton street, near Carland was terribly burned in the face, the powder . Perry, for a suspicious individual. On proceeding thither,aadhaving been driven deep into the flesh. Both of hisjlijy aad welfare <d ly to endeavor to iioase. to live there >n of bi« property, Mtacle or tnol«ettxig i ofneed, lend theirwith the rega- nity w :•* toe a;m' soon as possibledisooion, arid re- joeraJ tranqailiity, fart of the Saltan, sotionsbf bi*Kx- adatitted that thefound in the care- ••-gnlatJons of the krsigned beeeeeh Kure*- for Jhe ad- ijity to every one. 1atoetperformthe Iattention, in con-nocutaiu, withoot the sli^hteH injo»- iil fadiii with con-Mmce is eoncladed Gamed,andithas four copies of It^ willb*exchanged e presentedtoniain the archives of 0«ofconductfor ire follow the aig-ionof Chasseurs Vechia, i* W «om- bv.General Beasiforce in India, will be9bH together, of which 3 will be eavabry and 6 infantry*"The Morning Post says:,It is said that at a late meetirg of the shareholders of the Suez Canal Com- 5any a t Paris, accounts of the Company were pro- uc*d, by which it appeared that a million of francaday.The London Times correspondent says: " T h epast week w as a period of anxiety and alarm in the commercial and financial world." ,dles, walking and talking most pleasantly to beguile custody of*oo-e Fourth Ward oncers- On beingtaken befororetail dealers in lager beer and beverages of that Justice Welsh, the prisoners «»fe their names as Daniel COB-the two-milt a' walk " o u t home." When they had family. When, o n the last Saturday, the flock of stantine, Rt bert Williams, «nd Archibald Clifford, and were estaidof his JEx-cate some improvement. . Tbeappearanceofthewheatcropshasimproved withinthelastmonth. Therewasafartherdeclineofcharged with. having committed a felonious assault uponhiswife. Itappearsthattheprisoner,onreturn-manding, bis money, was kind enough to threaten to blowouthisbrainsifhedidnotkeephishandsdown,.in the Departments for lhe benefit of the Chrisdaus of streets, occupied by J. Rozen hal, manufacturer of and had his wages in his pocket, which he advised Saturday, charged with stealing a box of segars aud some fruit veledattherushofHebrewstoward matrimony,but fromthestore ofThomas Hope &Co.,cornerofChambers-derstandingbetween thetwo Cabinets hasbeenpro-IAdvertisementJ GURNEY'S GALLERY.'taken before Justice Steers, who committed h.im to Wallack $ Theater.—Mr. Florence has very sensi- answer. Allthe young men engaged in this disturb-;•*>•fort d'ETafatponl, and to form the advanced guard of th-» provinces essentially French. But it will be objectedwill obtain a position which will increase her strength,1 "The'article concludes: by refutinglhe opinion Of tlose who expect from the-meeting at Toplitz a cbaog*intae internal policy of Prussia, and eaows such a ch>oge to beimpoWbJefromtheknownpolicyandcharacterof both the Prince Efgent and his Ministers.MtrsicHr, July 29.-^-The King of Bavaria leaves for PotsdamonavisittotheBoyalfamilyofPrussia.m r. & AMUSEMENTS.—Winter Gardcn.r-Thia is the lastye*k<tfity]^eh}, and they wiH'give pieces that have notyetbeenpresented during^.their,presentwbicH so exasperated young Fox tbat he rushed upon Company tc which route, andthatbyaarmy of Sjria.M. Colmant, head surgeon at the military hospital at^ ^ x r a s , baa been att»«hed to Uie army of Syria. H eYou wiah for peace, and you increase, immoderately, the military forces of Prance.' 1 deny the fact in ev- ery sense. My army and my fleet have in them ooth- rog of'a Chreatening "character. M y steam navy is even far from being adequate to our requiremea a, and the number of •steamers does not nearly equal that of sailing ships deemed necessary in the time of King. LouisPhilippe. Ihave400,000menunderarms; but deduct from this amount 60,000 in Algeria, 6,000 at Borne, 8,000 in China, 20,000 gendarmes, the sick, and the new conscripts,,and you wm see—what is tbe truth —that my regiments are of smaller effectiveectabllsh a weekly % , •Havre! by so dofnsf tbey would greaeljadd te the and comfort of tiavelers on both sides of *b« -Atlanuc• , . „ .own**** ,mJJ^has left Arras for »bat purpose. r V THE MASSACRE A T DAMASCUS.\R**oh«l, Tbat this p*i»r, signed by our <&*»^TM*"*K taries, be given to the press for publication, and that a copy** thesamebepresentedtoCa^j^'tcck.^^^^ChatruThe following are extracts of letters irom a Euro- pean reaident in Damascus to a friend in Beyront:**DAMASCUS,July10—6:30a m." A fow minutes after I closed m y letter of yeeter- d a y . a n oproar commenced in the street opposite m y house. The Moslems—men, women, and boys—began to aeecmblcy.cryrog out that all should go to the Chris-'sS^^f^^'^^^T^^IS^^''^.tian quartertoplunder,bnrn,andmassacre,and threat- strength than during the preceding reign. The ening not to wave a house or a Christian. I went to only addition to . the Army List has ..thettrsetrandspokete someofthem, hopingit beenmadebythecreationoftheImperialGuard. would come to nothing. I t gre^e rapidly worse. Moreover, while wishing for peace, I desire also to Every OttCwascallingta01hersnottocomewith- organizetneforcesofthecountryonthebeetpossible out arms, and the women were violently exciting the footing, for,if foreigners have onlyseen the bright side jnenr There was somefear expressed ofthe soldiers, but of thelast war, I myself, close at hand, have witnessed aocstdeclatedthe soldiers would not interfere with- the defects, and I wish to remedy them. Having saidThe session of the. Federal Assembly has closed, andthelongandirritatingdiscussions on theSavoy-ques- nightplaysCapt.Cuttle. Thefarceof"JHosvtoGet inhisreporttoHeadquarters,says "IfClareyshouldthem. I now found it prudent to take the advice of some of myjaeighDora. and keep inaide my house. The street past my house is abont the shortest road from the Shughoor and the Heedan, the two worst districts inthecity. SoonafterIwentintomyhousetheruf- fianabegantoreturnfrom theChristumquarterwith burdenaofplunder,whilethenumbersrunningto- ward it were increasing, and threats, imprecations, and yells, were numerous and loud. Every sort and size of thing was carried past my bouse—mares and goetc, gold and old iron nails, silk and cottons, chests, largeandsmall,tables,chaiis,books,a&deveryimagin-, JCamp Scott encampment is $7,000.. " ' * » '— !' »., ''' *«'. able article. There was a regular stream of these because my feelings were those of the people whichplunderers past my door till after sunset— has?utmeatitshead,andtheintelh'gencefromSyrianearly fire hours. Afterward they became fewer, b u t transported m e with indignation. M y first thought,-they never ceased all night, and with the dawn they again increased. Aa soon as they had plundered some of the houses they set them on fire. During the night though there was clear moonlight, the flames and smokepresentedaeightasgrandasitwasawfaLDuringthefirsthalfofthenighttheflamespresented an unbroken arc of a circle, as viewed from my roof of more than 79 deg., extending from a little north of Bab Sburky, to the extreme north of the Christian quarter. Toward morning the arc became shorter, partly because it had been steadily approaching me, and the Chris-Jan quarter as it comes this way grows narrower, and partly, perhaps, because the line of firs was not sweeping all the houses on the north border of the quarter. Toward morn-nevertheless, waB to come to an understanding with England. What other interest than that of hu nanity conjd» induce m e to send troops into that country ? Could it be that the possession of it would increase m y strength?CanIconcealfrommyselfthitAlgeria, notwithstandingitsfutureadvantages,isasourceof weakness to France, which for 30 years has devoted to it the purest of its blood and its gold ? I said it in 1852at Bordeaux, and my opinion is still the same— I have great conquests to make, but oily in France. Her interior organization, her moral development, the increase of her resources, have still immense progress to make. There a field exists vast enough for m y am - bitionandsufficienttosatisfyit." It was difficult for me to come to an understandingin the Lecture Boom, too, are always excellent in their vue Hospital, The other two persons were both de- way, and well worth the small fee charged. The Bud- mented, and, on being taken before Justice Welsh,ingtiienamesalsobecamelower,orlessvio- withEnglandonthesubjectofCentralItaly,because lent, o n most parts of the line, and fewer houses were I was bound by the peace of Villafranca. As to South-in names at once. Still thefireisraging fearfully. ernItaly,Iamfree fromengagements,andI askno There has been an increasing tumult o f cnes, of the better than a concert with England on this point, as onThe Times (city article) of Aug. 1 says: The publiccontinueto'makeinvestmentsonamoderatescale,andofthecommitteetowhomtheircollectionwasin- driverwaitedtwohoursormore,and,astheyoung singleerrormaybeexcusedonaccountofhiswantofsee andi near without being seen; for if seen w e shouldprobably be very soon cisposed of. These ruffians claringforPiedmont. Asteam-navymaybefaraboveAletterfromMilanstatesthatatMantuasomeHun- lution,whichwasunanimouslyadopted:.steamboat Zouave, fromtheshipyardofMr.Englis.The men were upon the bow, and, having fired threesalutes, were preparing the fourth and last. Weylandwas ramming home the charge, Carland having hisFinnell,a'nativcofIreland,agod35years.(rUfromjibbeoxuof the schooner Ligbtfoot. lyinglu the East River, and waa-so seri- ouslyinjuredthatdeathensued. CoronerJackmanlavestlgatetf the case, when a verdict of accidental death was rendered.irom the Meedan, and the Arabs, gipsies, ccc among vthe real wants of a nation, and yet b - far short of the previous number of sailing vessels. France may have only400,000men actually "underarms;" butwhen,garian soldieis, Lav ng obtained ball cartridges, fired into a corps of chasseurs noted for its loyalty to the Emperor. A sergeant waskilled. Several ofthe Hungarianofficersafterwarddeserted.Retqlvcd, That the Republican a of this Assembly District regard with unqualified approbation the. independence, integrity and firmness manifested byG«v. E.D. Morganduringhisadministra- tion,andwillhailwiththeutmostsatisfactionhisre-nomination"by the Syracuse Convention.them,knownothingofme,andrushpastthinkingonlyoftbeChristianquarter. Ifmyneighborsdonotbe-tray me I may probably escape, but there are some of for o u r o w n security, w e measure m e n against themnottobetrusted. Wearenotin-humanhands, men, it is necessary to take into acconnttheA JERSEY THIEF.—For someweekspastthecitizensStates, said tbe object of the morion was to show how the«-tfortaofhhneelf andMr.Lyonshadbeenimpeded in advancing the improvement of the Koman States bySan intervention; but English statesmen and writers ve express*d no opihien on that question. W e are, however/glad of anyoccasion which haselicited the/FIRE IN CHRISTIE STREET. NARROW ESCAPE OF T H E streets, seeking whom they may devour. In one caseISa declaration of Lord Palmerston in 1856 that the Holy profetwon of such friendly sentiments, and trust that Citywasneverbettergovernedthandaringtheab- theymayforeshadowapolicyuuderwhichwemay. ' OCCCPANTS. &At an early hour Saturday morning officer Willis of theTenthWardwhilepfttrollit'ghiabeatdiscoveredthe lad was accosted in the street with the question,"Doyouwantasituation1"OfcourseheansweredHEBREWTACTICS.—Mr.Kennedy,GeneralSuper- intendent,received a .call,twoweeks since,from an histilaln*•»"***havebeenexpendedintbecoetoftheDirection;thatofthissom500,000francs hadbeen chargedfor the journeys of M. Leeseps, a further sum prices in the Paris flour market last week.TheonlytrnlyreliablearticlestoexterminateBedbug*,Cce- Principal Depot, No. 16? Broadway. Sold by all Druggists.[Advertisement.EDWARD H. DIXON, M. D., Editor of Tbs)Scalpel, andOperatingand Consulting Surgeon, No.43Sth-oe. Office consultations on the more obscure diseases ot the pelvtti viscera. Rupture, Piles, Varicocele, and Fiatnia, radically ourad without the knife or ligature. Office hours from *to », 1 U> 3,l>een made public: "MrDSABPKXSJO*Y:Affairsappeartometobeso'MiSiATCttxs i x Ott, and DAUcxxHKOTxrscsincetbewarinItaly—thatIwritetoyoaiathehopethaiaconversation, in perfect frankness, with Lord ' PaJmereton will remeoj the existing evil. Lord Palmerstonknowsme,andwhenIaffirmathinghewill believe me. Well, y o a can tell him from me, inthepa^ngersrAmoogrNo. 707 Bioadway. PHOTOOXAPUS, IvoKYTTpaa,-•»roved herself in every way a Summer passage, and she has prr.worWVf ^e""nigh~repat«Uon •*«• bw already acquired, ('.„ worthy of the high reputation shtsteady and rapid sailing, and to'TM** the highe-t aea-uot; one wave cUdusaresoverol 'and we allunite in"pronounciug herthe ocean many times,1QCrt " ST. Cr,ocD, July 25,1860.the most explicit manner, that sioce the peace of Vilia- of the equilibrium."frarcaIhavehadbutonethought, oneobject—toin- ThearticleUuscontinues:mony to her noble commander, his officers, and engineers; their multitude of living novelties at d curiosities, and the Derforas-Theymayormaynothave contributedtothepresentYorkHospitalbytheEleventhWardpolice,whereat at a late hour on Saturday night Weyland suffered an amputationofthehjuredleg. It isdoubtful whether eitherofthemenwillsurvive.sence of the Popes. enjoy Peace without being compelled any longer to sup- emoke issuing from the third story front room win- affirmatively. Shark replied, "Then I want to talk,hoid Wodebousesaidtherewouldbonoobjectionsto portalltheburdensofWar. dowsofthetenementNo.18Chrisieetreet. Withoutproduce tbe papers, and defended Lord Palmerston from the charges brought against him.Lord Dnfferin has been appointed British Commis- sionertoChina. TheLondon Times savs:*'Nobet Ur choice con d have been made in sodifficult and deli- cateanappointment, fortomuchacquaintancewithwith you. I live over in Jersey; I am foreman of a individual of the Israelitish persuasion, who informed P ARIS, July 29.—The Moniteur publishes a decree delay he ran into the house and found a mosquito large manufacturing establishment, and keep a carriageaugmenting the number of the officers of the General netting around a.bed, on fire. Tearing-the fabric down him that on the first day of the week following, being Stafffrom560to580. hetrampl'douttheflamesandonlytwoorthreeper- andpairofhorses,andwanta"smartladtotakecareof •tbedaycalledSunday,heproposedtotakeuntohim-ThePariscorrespondentofTheLondon Times says: sonsinthebouseknew'anythingabouttheatfairuntil themanddrive. IfyousuitmeIwillgiveyouhighMINOR POLICE ITEMS.—Samuel W . Lowerre, aresidentofMorrissania,wastakenbeforeJusticeSteers,em Saturday, chargedwith false pretenses. Thecatnpiainant, Tbeodoze Stuyvesunt, alleges that in May la<t he rented of the prisonerasmallroom,inthert-arofNo.11Chambers-st-,agree-Mission,has been murderedinthe streets while en- deavoringtomakehisescapefromaMoslemhouse, where he had b*en hid, to tbe Britirh Consulate. HeOnSaturdayevenipg,about5o'clock, a fire broke out in an office at the end of the hall on the second floortherebeingnoavailableplacewithinthelimits01the GaribaloiwillnotlistentothepropositionsofVictorinterestiu mywelfare, that I couldnotbelievehim onthenextSunday,.and gaveventtoadesireformu- BOBBED IN THESTKEET.—CharlesBrown,ofWo~UniversitycapableofaccommodatmghisKoyalHigh- nessandhisnumeroussuite.Emanuel'sletter dictatedbyFrance,andcallingonthe General toabstainfromanyattackontheconti-nentaldominions.- : «?-: ••'"". Rozenthalandhiswifewereintheroomashorttime toNework,verykindlypayinghisfare,andafterleav-Itisnotcertainthat therepresentativesofthepowers who meet on the Syrian intervention, will finish theiralldangerwaspassed., . . .wage8,say$16amonthandboardandwashing,audself a wife> and he desired permission to have musicand dancing in his house on this festive occasion. The ing to pay $66 for the use of it for eleven months He paia S>3S^WmskLAOT).,tionhavehfednootherresultthanto.confirmpurelyand simply the powers previously conferred on the FederalOut ofilt," isnlso given* -v.- '• \dieofhiswounds,andFoxbehungforkillinghim, the community would have sustained no loss." • •SEVENTH. REGIMENT.—The estimated outlay for thecouncil. FINANCIAL• A N D•••.;>• COMMERCIAL.Niblo's Garden.r-Thefairy story of " Ciaderella"The Tim's (city article) of July 31, says:The report of a highly pacific communication having been received in this country from France attractedlittle attention, since confidence isnot to be command-thus much, I have, since Villafranca, neither done, nor even thought, anyihing which could atarm a n y o n e . Wten Lavaiette started for Constantinople, the in- structions which I gave him were confined to this—terestofFranceisthatTurkeyshouldliveaslongas ofincreasedvigilance. Atthesametimethefactwas Barnum's AmericanMuseum.—Thereisnomanagered, aod every fresh assurance of this kind serves only *Useeveryefforttomaintainthestatus,quo;the-in- toinspirea.feelingthroughoutEuropeofthenecessitywas found he saw him engaged in a fight with thrsopossible*'"Now, then, occur the massacres in Syria, and itis asserted that l a m very glad t o find a new occasion of making a little war, or of playing a new part. Beally, people give m e credit for very little common senee. IfIinptantly proposed an expedition,itwasnoticedthatthewholeofthewarsteamersnowinhar- inthecountrywhostrivesmoreconscientiouslytogive•70yearsofage.Itappearsfromtheevidenceelicited supposedtheyhadallgone. Hedoesnotthinkitpos-the funds have again to-day shown an upward ten-dency. Consolsopenedwithoutalterationat93^-®93}trusted, have failed to make any returns.• 4 — • /familiarity with it.Ward Station-House, not knowing, what ehe to do My chief object in noticing this cassis to suggestfor money, but advanced and touched 93£. Tue finalfire,ofbreakingopenhouses,<fcc,allmingledupto-others;but,inHeaven'sname,lettheeminentmenquotationswere93#,®93£formoney,and93£forthe' THETWELFTHWARDCAMPAIGNCLUB.—Thiswiththem.VThe!deceasedwasadmittedtoBellevuethatifirregularitiesinthecitypostalservioearere-•'X*gether. I have no means of guessing the amount of who are placed at the head of the English Government murder committed. Last night comparatively few ap- lay aside petty jealousies and unjust mistrusts.peartohavebeenkiU*A,batthereissaidtohavebeen "Letusunderstandoneanotheringoodfaith,like more butchery this morning. I cannot go out of my honest men as w e are, and not like thieves who desirenew account in September. T h e market was unin-fluenced by any fresh political news. In the foreignClub held a regular meeting on Friday evening last, Isaac F.. Williams, Piesident, in the chair, W - E .Hospital on the 28thofJuly,and neverwasableto ferredto ms,instead of being mads the subjectsofdoor without oemg in tbe midst of these hellish ruffiansthirsting and crying for blood and plunder. If one of . the native Christians in my house were to go out, I be- lievehecouldnotreachthecornerof the streetalive.So my means of information beyond what I see and hear of t h e fames and tumult and plunder are veryto cheat each other." To sum up, this is my innermost thought. I desirethat Italy'should obtain peace, no matter how, but without foreign interventiont and that my troops should be able to quit Borne without compromising the security of the Pcpe. I could very much wish not toabout $.The Kent is announced from Melbourne, withsent to New-York by the authorities of Taunton, Mass.,Yonrs respectfully, JOHN A DJX, P . VL Poit-OffUt, KW-York, Aug. 11,1860.»A BOYMISSING.—Robert Daniel, a mulatto boy, of No. 189 Eighth street, left his homo on Monday, August 6, t e go to the Twenty-seventh- street railway depot, and has n e t since been heard of. I t is feared that'ho h a s been kidnapped. He is about 11 years of age. H e wore a light cap aud a blanklimited. W e overhear a good deal 01 their talk in the be obliged to undertake the Syrian expedition, and, in street,andsomeofthetalkofourMoslemneighbors anycase,nottoundertakeitalone;firstly,becauseitManager of the Royal Bank of Liverpool, created con- siderable axiety this morning,, owing to the ab- sence of any explana'tion of the cause.American railway securities were firmer, and the 'shares of the^ Illinois Central advanced; Nenr-York and Erie partially relapsed.LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, July 30 and 31.—The demand on Monday,was good, and sales exceed 10,000 bale?, 3,000 on speculation and for export. On rues- day the demand was only moderate, and the sales da hot exceed 5 ^ 0 bales, 1,500 on speculation and for export. Prices are steadier..LONDON CORN MARKET, July 31.—The market was steady at the rates of last week.LIVERPOOL CORN AND BREADSTUFFS MARKET, July 31.—At to-day's market Wheat remains at the rates of last m«rket-day. Flour was mere looked after, andheld immediately afterthe State nominations are made. A resolution was passed naming William A . Darling as the proper person to represent the district as a Presi-cal testimony, the jury rendered a verdict to tbe effectthat the deceased came to her death from an absess of the brain,, and recommendedthat the authorities shouldon the roofs.will be a great expense, and secondly, because I fear that this intervention may involve the Eastern ques- tion ; but; .enthe other hand, I do not see how to resistdential Elector on the ticket to be formed at Syracuse take some measures to prevent the transportation of coat." I believe it would not have needed a great effort onthepartoftheGovernmenttopreventaBthis,butnot publicopinioninmysorfctry,whichwillneverunder-on the 22d, and recommending the delegates from theSeventeenth Assembly District to use their influencevagrants from other States into the State of New-York. The Commissioners of Public Charities and Correc-GENERAL ORDERS.—Adjutant-Sen. Towneend hasthe slightest effort has yet been made. Th«re Were soldiers in the Christian quarter and neighborhood, others were sent in. the evening with, four erune, and more this morning, b u t they have n o t a t all interfered with, the ruffians. Yet a majority of the miscreants are actually women, boys, and girls. I would affirm that there are not inall more than a few hundred men —say 500—mostly the lowest of the low, and misera- bly armed. Not one in twenty had a gnu. A very large number have only sticks, the rest swords, pistols, daggers,oraxes. Oppositemydoor isasortofstop-ping-place for them, and we can overhear their talk,and1canaffirm that from thefirst,andall,through,they have had the greatest dread of the interference ofthe soldiers, and consian'tly ask one another as theystand that w e can leave unpunished, n o t only the mas- sacre of Christians, b u t the burning of our consulates, the irsult to o u r flag, and the pillage of the monasteries which were under our protection." I have told you all I think, without disguising or- omitting anytbing. Make what use you may*think ad- visable of m y letter."Believeinmrsincerefriendship. •','.- "NAPOMTDN."In the House of Commons on the 31st ult. the matterwas thus alluded to: ...;•.Mr. B . Cochrane said that he yesterday asked: thenoble lord the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs a question connected witn a n ar'icle which bad appearedin favor of his nomination. After which the Club tion have already offered a reward for the:conviction ieened the following General Orders:meet, whether the soldiers in such and such a direction in a newspaper, to which the noble lord replied that hearestoppingthemurderersor opposing,them,andthis hadnoknowledgeofthearticlereferredto. Henowalthough, during 17 hours, the soldiers have been per- wished to aek distinctly whether a letter of the mostceived from the Third and Fifteenth Wards of Brook- lyn, and the towns of Cornwall and New Windsor, Orange County. The population will vary but a trifletened and constructed of the best white oak, and will be fumi8hecl with Ingersoll's metallic life-boats. The new boat is called tbe "Zouave," and from her flag-fectlypassive.Ibelievefirmlythat100,oratthe friendlycharacterhadbeenreceivedfromtheEm-steady,53/onthespot.ScotchPigIron53®53/6d.after htving been put to bed on Mondaj* night last, got up. as im fromthefiguresgivenbelow,probablynotadozenin stafffloatedabeautifulflag,uponwhichwasinscribed supposed,tolookoutofthewindow,andlosinghisbalance,f<*8most 200 soldiers, or armed resolute men, not soldiers,could have put down the insurrection at the worst mo- . ment. Of course, it would have been easier to do sowithin the first hour or two."This xae»ger account does not give anything like anadequate conception of this most horrible and most dis-graceful affair; That words could bardJy do. Horses,peror of the French and transmitted to the no'^le lord, and whether it was submitted to the cabinet on Satur- day.Lord John,Bussell—The French Embassador com- municated to me a privateletter addressed tohimby the Emperor of the French, whwh letter was of the most friendly character toward this country, and expressed a desire that the policy of the two nations should beVERY LATEST. ——i»;•MARSEILLESJ July 31.—The India mail, from Alex- andr:a; has not. yet arrived. A French steamer from Syria is expected to-morrow.any case: Third Ward, Brooklyn, 11,500; Fifteenth W ard, 10,500-being a gain of 4,000 in this-latter W ard over.thie State census of 1855. Cornwall (which in- cludesWestPoint)hasapopulationof4,800;New Windsor, situated between Newburgh and Cornwall,her Dame. A t the appointed, hour the props were knocked away one after another, when the Zouave glided gently over the*ways into the stream, amid the firingofcannonandtheloudcheersofthe crowd. She was taken in tow by a steam-tug and conveyed tot< the pavement. The concussion injured him so severely that he subsequently died. Coroner O'Keefeheld ao ioquest on th«dAy,body on Saturday, when a verdict of accidental death was ren-dered Henry Cameras, 11 years of age, whose parentsre- side at No. 35 Bond street, fell from a tree in that street, on Fri- dayevening,andwassoseriouslrinjuredthatdeathensoed. The jury summoned b y Coroner Jackman on Saturday, rendered a verdict of accidental death; Coroner O'Keefe, on Saturdayt£a Iw HKdonkeys and mules are employed to carry plunder,anasomeofthesoldiershelpthemeelvestoaahare. There identical. Ishowedittomycolleagues,butitisanri-(steamer),withwere sever*? thousands of poor widows, orphans, and bassador. W e cannot, therefore, present it to. this other plundered and ruined refag*es here, depending onthecharityoftbeChristiansforfood,shelter,and House.required. Nopainsonhispart,heaffirms,shallbe tbeschoonerEvelinaRoss,havingbeenarrestedby TheCoroner'sJuryfoundaverdictofac<identaldrowning.An Inquest was held by Coroner O'Ktefe on tbe body of'Jnmrmclothes. -They are now burnt out again amid the hor- rors of last night, and those who were providing bread for them are now as helpless and miserable £8 them- selves.Mr. Hadfieldexpressed the hope, since such a com-munication had been received, that tbe Governmentwould withdraw their fortification scheme for the pres-ent Session. [A laugh ] The House ought to have to the 10th of July, inclusive. Three thousand Chris-officer V an Derzee, of the Harbor Police, charged with having run bis vessel past Quarantine, was yes-McCue, aged 30 years, of No. 27 West street, who died ia the New York HoKpftal from the effects of prostr«tion by the heat. The same Coroner held an inquesion the body of JaoaesjTracy, a 'longshoreman, aged 40 years, of Ho. 41 South stive*, who alxo died from the eflects of the heat. Deceased was a asa- tive of In-hind An intemperate man, named Robert Bowea,time to deliberate upon .a measure whichTie believed . "yoo^.r-The plundering still continues,but tbe num- would cost the country at least 20 000,000/.tians bad taken refuge in the citadel occupied by theAlgerines, under Abo-el Kader. The town was in thepower of the murderers and inceadiaries, to the num-b e r o f 2 , 4 0 0 , p r i n c i p a l l v D r u s e s a n d B e d o u i n s . T h eN. Y—Delegates from the several towns comprising the 1st Assembly District of Weetchester County, met o n S a t u r d a y l a s t , a t H u m b o l d t H a l l , i n t h e v i l l a g e o f• »ber engaged in it seems greatly reduced since morning, and moat of the axtides now are of little value. JNo effort baayetbeenmadetostopthisreignofterror and destruction, easy as it would seem to be; and a Christian,atleastaman,would,probably,bein greaterdangeramongtheruffiansnowthanatany formerperiod.Tbehousesarestillburning,though apparentlynotnearlysomuchasthroughthenight,DISTRESSING ACCIDENT—Two M E N SHOCKINGLY was found on the sidewalk on Saturday night, at tbe comer ofbut1cannotseesowell,as'Icannotgosofreelyonmy. Withthe argument of success nothing isso easyasroofinthedayasIcouldduringthenight. Wehavemadeapeep-holeoverthestreet from whichwecanself-justification. Itmustbeobserved,however,that it is no excuse for the annexation of Savoy and Nice thatitwasconditionalonTuscanyandtheDuchiesde-weredischarginginhonorofthelaunchofthevaie letter, and 1 have returned it to the French Em-Marshals, as far as practicable, as they frequently find a good deal of difficulty "in obtaining the informationhas been added to Sandford's line. The body of James Smulien, aged 10 years, ot No, 338 RAN BYQUARANTINE.—William Dader, Captain of West Forty-third street, who was drowned while bathing, waa recovered on Saturday at the foot of Thirty-fifth street, K. fl-From The J^onSon Timet, Zlst ult.T h e E m p e r o r ' s l e t t e r , w h i c h w i l l b e f o u n d i n a n o t h e r column,willbereadwithinterestbyall,wif.hsatisfac- tionbythosewhocanforgetthelogicoffacts. The. styl*isthefullBoman handfamiliar tothemanwho haswonanempire, whohasmore recently annexed twoprovinces,andismasterofahundredlegions.Beach and Wefrt *t<eets, and was removed to the Fifth WardS f a t i o n H o u s e : w h e r e b e s u b s e q u e n t l y d i e d . ' C o r o n e r J a c k a u t c t heldaninque«t<mthebody,audalterapostmortemoxaminstioat had been made thejury rendered a verdict cf deith from dise uw ' ofthehoart ThedeadbodyofanInfantwasfoundbytoaam laborersonSaturdayevening,luavacantlotinThirtythirdstreet,nearMadisonavenue. TheCoronerw^snotifiedtoboh)aninquektattheTwenty-fii-xtWardStatfonHouse......Coronor bytheprematureexplosionofacannonwhichthey Jackmanyesterdayheldan[inquestontbebodyofEdward Dvmmvr, ofJerseyCity, agedWy»»ars,whowasdrowned»t LongBranchonSaturdaylastwhilebathing,Averdictofacci- dental drowning was rendered On Friday afternoon Edwardexchanges there is no alteration to report. FrenchRentes are quoted at 68f. 20c, showing a decline of Pabor Secretary. After the transaction of routinebusiness the Executive Committee of the Club, in connection with the officers, were empowered to make^ive any account of herself. From the evidence in theLONDONCORNMARKET.—G:les Law&Barker'sofNew-Brunswick,N.J.,havebeenseriouslyexercisedinr»- toprivatecitternshavebeenbrokenintoduringthenight,andMessrs.J.H Steadwell,ofYonkers,andJ.R. butinthehandsofOneinfinitelywieeandgoodasnight'snotice.Butwhyareallthese,topicstobe aodtheweathercoutinufng'veiyfine,butlittlebusinessasyet,Marvine,ofWestFarms,werethenappointeddele-distanceoftixoreightfeetfromthegun,andtearingneliacarriedon".Soadroitlyw«.rotherobberiescommittedwellasinfinitelypowerful,anawithoutHisperniie- sfonnothingcanbefallus." .GREAT BRITAIN.. mHovsxor LORDS; July30.—LordClyde tookthepawingInanyait'cle,butitisexpectedpriceswillnotxnact>ri- allyvaryfrc<ixiMonday.gatestotheStateConvention;andMessrs.E.F. Shonnard, of Yonkers, and John Bathgate, of Westimmense addition she can make with a single fort- broughtup,whenWeareonlyinvitedtoacommonreport,with furthT heavyarrivalsof foreignWheat andOats,ly,whentheexplosionfollowed, throwingbothmena eleeantsetsofharness,robes,whips,and other horse parapha- thattheJerseyofficialscouldobtainnocluetothetbief. Iufosv•New Bowery, Theater.—Mr. Eddy h a s been reen- gaged at'this house, and to-night appears in the popu- lar drama of'*' Monte Ciisto."MASSACHUSETTS VAGRANTS.-Coroner Jackman onSaturdayheldaninquestatBellevueHospitalupon othermen,whowerebeatinghiminabrutalmanner. tbe body of an unknown woman, supposed to be about The three ruffians suddenly disappeared, aad Maloyand that the young man who accompanied them w a s The telegram ofthe suicide ofMr. Chaffers,the allnecessaryarrangements forapublic meetingtobe actingasagentinthematter. Afterhearingthemedi-£236,000.American w a s the turn dearer.advanced 1/6 i* q r . Peas andCorn was in good request, and mixed American brought full 1/3 ^ q r . more money, there being fewer sellers. ' -. -LONDON PRODNCK AND PROVISION MARKET, July 31.—Sugar steady. Tea unaltered. Rice quiet. Coi- fee'firm." Turcentme—American 32/3®32/6. TallowLISBON, A u g . 1.—The Magdalena theBrazilmails,basarrived. Shebrings£3,600in specie. She leaves for Southampton this evening.PERA, July 31.—The Lazaritts, Sisters of Cbarity, andotherwomenOfDamascus,safelyarrivedatBey- rout, uDder an escort furnished by Abd-el-Kader.-2,480. Dr.D.P.Norris, of Brooklyn, desiresusto theMorganIronWorkswhere shewill immediately heldaninquestatNo.122Ea>tTwenty-sixthstreet,onthebody of Patrick L ynch, a hodcarrier, who was killed by falHnjr from «.requestpeopleofthatcitytofacilitatetheworkofthe receivehermachinery. Thieisthefourthsteamerthat buildinginCharlesstreet. Theiuryrenderedtheusoalverdict.GENOA, July 31'.—The Mercantile Courier publishes an authentic account of the massacres at Damascus, upwanting to secure accuracy in the statistics.FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT, WESTCHESTER COUNTY, terday fined $10 by Justice Welsh.Oats steady. Barley firm.Beans IndianTurkishgarrisonconsisted,of5000men,whowereinactive or hostile. Tbe soldiers had driven the Chris- Tenters, for the purpose, of appointing delegates to thetiansintotheflamesoftheburninghouses. One accountcomputesthenumberofvictimsatthreetofour thousand,butstatesthatthismaybeexaggerated, owingtotheprevailingterror. ->Turinjournalsspeakoftheprobabilityofaninter- view this month between Victor Emamul and the Em- perorNapoleon.RepublicanStateConvention.'adjourned.of any person who may be found engaged in such dis- reputable business.I. Commandants of Divirions, Brigades and Regiments, Intend- ing that tbe officers of their respective commands entitled to wear the chapeau, shall wear the same on any particular parade* should specify such intention in their orders for the parade j otherwise such officers will appear with the cap prescribed b y paragraph 1 407, and following, of the General Regulations, or by tbe respective Regimental Bill of Dross {paragraph 1,551 General Regulations!. _II. In addition to the welt upon the pantaloons (paragrapu 1,403 General Regulations), all commissioned staff' officers triX weur two gold cords upon each leg of the pantaloons, of ths Saaam dimensions as the welt, to be placed close to and upon either side.of the welt, from the waist to the feetIII. This order Is supplemental to General Orders No. 8L oCJune 23, 1860.By order of tbe Commander-in-Chief.FBED'K TOWNSEND, Adjataut-Goaeral. »ACCIDENTS AND INQUESTS.—William S. Jarvia, «little boy, aged 5 years, whose parents reside at No. 85 Amity-at,The New-York correspondent of The Bostonsays that the Church of the Messiah^is in the market. The trustees can get $150,000 a t auction for this .fiae estate on Broadway, opposite the New-York Hotel; but they want $175,000. When sold,theRev.Dr. Osgood's Society will move up near or on the Fifth avenue, between Thirtieth and Fortieth streets. * ! .,theirclothesintotatters. WeylandreceivedawoundCertainly, there is a case for interference of some sort and ratesfnl'y as high Fuir businessin refined. Coffee: sev- Farms,as alternates. The Convention then adjourned. in the arm, a compound comminuted fracture of the the thief. By means of frequent inquiry, they ascertained thatmon policy in the affairs of Southern Italy and the Ea*t 1 in Syria; audi as neither the Briiish Parliament nor theLONDON PRODUCE MARKET.—Sugar: demaudgoodmationwasatlengthsenttoCaptainWallingofthedetective force, and he detailed detective Sease and Slowey to ferret outCoNsor-s.—Money93J®98J-raccount93§@93J.LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET.—The market remainsTHE CONFIDENCE GAME IN HIGHWAY ROBBERY.-^- Withinthepast weekwehaveheardoftwocasesofsearching the-house, they found snugly Stowed away in the gar- ' rtttthree.veryelegantnetsofdoubleharness,silvermounted,a saddle, and a very handsome bridle, worth S540, fora lady's nse.eyeswereburnedout. .copies or extracts from the dispatches of her Majesty's the actual operations of French diplomacy in the Eaet. quiet and uncharged. SaleB anticipated at about 8000 bales. highway robbery committed upon unsuspecting youths The unfortunate men were removed to the New- The officers concluded to wait a while to see who should claim.oaths and his eeat. Lord Normanby, in moving forMmister in Tuscany in 1855, 1856. and 1857, referringtotheconditionandadjmiuistration oftheBoman deplorabferesults,andtheconsequentappealforEuro-Weather fine. ^ ^ ^ m m i m m ^ m m i ^ m m M1'»who came from the country to seek employment about thecity,byasortofconfidencegamepracticedby some of the sharks constantly prowling about thethispropertv. In the course of a few hours, William Ross, a manansweringthedescriptiongivenbytheporter,calledroc thestolen'property. Hewasimmodlit^lytakenIntoco-todj and, being very much frightened, confefsed all the robberies hx>d committed at New-Brunswick. H e also told the officer* wh«-re all the stolen articles could be found, and, on Saturday evening,theysucceeded in recovering all that were missing;amounting to about $600 worth. The property aud prisoner were taken to headquarter.-, where they will remain until tke afternoon,whentheywill besenttoNew-Brunswick,the property to be returned to the owners, and the prisoner to await'FIRES.FIRE IN NORTH MOORE STREET.the habits of the people, L >rd Du&hxm unites great task to-morrow (Tuesday). There seems to be a wish About 3 o'clock Saturday morning a fire occurred in you will find it a very easy, nice place. Aud if you Superintendent blandly informed him that he had no in advance, and received Lowerre's receipt therefor. It Is now^act andability."A letter from Damascus to the 12tb of July, says:" T h e B e v . M r . G r a h a m o f t h e I r i s h P r e s b y t e r i a non the part of some to leave as much time aa possible t o t h e P o r t e f o r t h e s u p p r e s s i o n o f t h e a t r o c i t i e s i n 8yria, and the chastisement of the perpetrators, with cut callingforforeign intervention. Inthe meantime, Franceishurryingonherpreparationsfortheexpedi-the fcopperemitb shop of Jeremiah CrtSey, No. 103 N o r t h M o o r e s t r e e t , c a u s i n g $ 2 5 d a m a g e s .FIRE IN 1JR0A0WAY. *•like the chance, I want you to go right home with me, a n d I w i l l s e e w h a t y o u c a n d o , a n d t h e n m a k e a b a r - gain with you."- In the course of their walk through thestreets,sharkdrewoutfromtheladtbathehadpower to give such permission, and that if he dancedh e m u s t d a n c e a t h i e o w n r i s k , a n d w o u l d d o w e l l t otread lightly. The applicant retiredj and in aboutcharged tbat tbe prisoner had no right to let the premUos, but ran away from the city shortly after getting the money. Justice S t e e r s h e l d t h e a c c u s e d t o a n s w e r . . . . B r i d g e t M o o u e y , a n I r i s h servant in the employ of Mrs. Roach, corner of Second avenae andThirty-fifthstreet,wasarrestedon Saturday, charged with stealingagoldwatchandlocketfromheremployer. Justice Connolly committed her for examination Elizabeth Stein-twentyminutesanotherofthesamenationappeared,had a guard of Turkish soldiers with him, but they did. ' tion-. A subscription list has been opened a t Paris.and of Moffat's buildinc-, corner of Broadway and Worth been at work at a place, which he had just left, preferring a similar petition. The Superintendent mar- beck, Henrietta Sleight, and Caroline Kope, were arfestod on.nothizgtowarddefendingfromtheMoslemmob."Cambridgeistobehonoredbythepresenceofthe Syriawhohavesurvivedthemassacres. Itisexpect- jewelrvandimporterofpainting*. Theflameswere himtobeverycarefulof,asthereweresomanybad madeanswerasbefore. Aweekpassedbyand.on »tre*tandCollegePlace, lheaccused,whilemslingsomeyoungPrinceatthecommencement of theensuing edthataboutf100,000francsmaybeforwardedtoSyria epeedify exfiognished,not,however,beforethestock meninthecity. "Hetalked," saidtheboy,"so triflingpurchases,hadsecretedtheabovegood*intheampl« Lent Term. Arrangements for the reception of his during the present week. of pictores was damaged to the extent, of about $500. the succeeding Saturday, more than a dozen men, all folds of their garmeuts. Justice Welsh committed them teThe correspondent of The Morning Post savg: stock is said to be insured for $3,000 in the Excelsior wonderfully pleasant, and appeared, to take such an Israelites, expressed a determination to be married answer. <•Boval Highness are in progress. Madingly Hall, sitn-ate"about3milesfromCambridge ha*been engaged,- The affairs ofItaly aremorethan evercomplicated. ardothercitycompanies.SjiBoworinwhatmannertbefireoriginatedisun- known,buttherearestroDgsuspicionsentertainedthat itwasthework ofanincendiary. Itissaid thattobeavillain." Butheturnedouttobeone;forhe tooktheboyacrosstheJerseyferry,andbythecarssicanddancing. Theweddingepidemicwasbecom-ingratheralarming,andtheSuperintendentwaxed16O.'iverstreet,wa*robbedbythreesailorsonSundaymorning atthecornerofWateracdJamesstreets. Hewasquietlypa**- ingalong,whenthesailorsdemandedthatbeshouUTtreatthwa. Onhisrefusingtodoso,oneofthemseizedhimbythethroat. ai.dtoreafinesilkcravatfrombisneck,afterwhichthcrallramsuspicious; the more, because he recognized amongnew regiments of the line to be added to toe army, The Constttutionnel of Monday expresses hopes tint previous to the discovery of the fire. The matter is ing the cars even volunteering to carry one of his bun- the connubial candidates the faces of well-known away. Brown followed them, and finally gave them Into the7he Untied Service GazettzMja:in consequence of the extinction of the local European the convention in reference to Syria will be signed to- undergoing investigation by Fire Marshal Baker."ThenumberofSTABBED HIS WIFE WITH A FORK.—Officer Hill- got out upon a part of the road away from any near man, of the Tvpenty-third Precinct,- on Friday night, houeeB or passers-by—for it was then late in the even-similar visitorswasstillfurther increased, the " dodge"became transparent. It was merely au attempt togain the official sanction for Sunday entertainments;the applicants were dismissed with words of warning,locked upto answer. , IAdvertisement.]EEYNARD & Co.,PATXM" HOV8XKMP»R'S RlFMa.• LKKAXXIMWSIXSKCT POWDBH, ' aadVBRHITTDmarmbnuuThe last advices from the manufacturing towns indi- arrested an Irish laborer, named John Riley, who is ing—the villain tumbled- suddenly upon him, and, de-for furnisnixtg his apartment at Paris, and 400.000 franca for tbe salaries of the members of the Direction, consisting of M . Les*eps and one or two associates.The " Leinster," new Galway steamer, made the trip from Southampton to Kingstown in 25 hours.FRANCE.T H E POLICY O F T H E EMPEBOK NAPOLEONTOWARD ENGLAND..Tie following important letter from the EmperorNapoleon to the French Embassador in London has moted by this meeting in the manner to be desired. as it is ftared that the. tines penetrated the brain. can tell ? Or who can lell whether there is a gang ofThe prices of wine remain firm.GERMANY.THE MEETING A T TOPLITZ.haviDg his supper ready. The more he talked the more irritated he became, till at least he seized a three tinedfork from the table, and with great violence, jammed ic into his wife's head. So deep was it forcedthen told him to stand quite still and make no alarm until he got away,or hewouldreturnandkillhim. He then jumped over.the fence and put off across the fields, and probably returned to the city, to renew theheavy bill for piping.MEETING ONBOARD• •THESTEAMSHIPADRIATIC—Journalfewbuttothepoint,hintingthatiftheyinsistedoning home from work, being somewhat under the influ- and stand entirely still, when he rifled the victim's dancing they muet hold thenwelves ready to pays ton-Bogs, Moths, Garden Insects Rats and Mice.ence of liquor, commenctd abusing his wife for not pockets of every cent he had in the world. Mr. sharkBxnr-iN, July 29.—The official Prussian Gazette into tbe woman's skull, that it required the force of same game upon the next unsuspecting youth he mightshe was approaching New-York, J F . D. Lanier, esq., and 7 to 9 awnings,of New-York, was appointed Chairman, and GeprgeH. Stuartof Philadelphia and S. B. Chittenden of New-York,Secretaries.TheRev.Dr.Murray-ofNew-Jersey presented the following, which, aftcr beingreadanddiscussed,wasunanimouslyadopted,yw..contains a'leading article, of which the following is a summary:"The hopes which bad been entertained in reference tothemeetingofthetwoSovereignsatToplitz,havetwo men to extract it without breaking it. A phy- sician was called to dress her wounds, and he had her removedimmediatelytoBellovueHospital. Itismeet who wore the appearance of looking for employ- ment; for we heard of another victim, under exactly eimilarcircumstances,afewdaysafter. Howmany» •\ Advertisement ]HOYT'S HIAWATHA HAIR .RESTORATIVE is thebertaiticleInthemarketforgivingtograyorredhairaUfeiUte black or brown. See advertisement In another column.not been dUappoiuted. The approach to a better un- hardly expected that she will recover from the injury, more there have been that we. have not heard of, who«?.Thiameetlng has brought the relative positions of the two States into a clearer light. A mutual understand- onthemostimportantquestionsofEuropeanpolicvJustice Brownell locked the prisoner up to answer. FELONIOUS ASSAULT.—JohnDouglass,asailoronjnst such villains, ready to pounce upon every youth who comes into the city ? Our advice to country boys istobeverycautiousofallstrangerswhomayaccostship has been tried with every vari*complicated—thanks to the mistrust excited everywhere has been found to exist. In this Union Germany will boaid the »hip William Tell, was arretted yesterday by officerstheminrsimilarmanner.,-'[Advertisement]'findfreshguraniiesforhersecurity,andmayhope that in future the importance of her interests will weigh heavier in tbe balance of power in Europe. Europe will, by the Toplitz meeting, obtain fresh guaranteesforthemaintenanceofpublicpeaceandfortherespectfiollai«1ui.dLeo,oftheHarborPolice,charged,witlh*vin« committed a felonious assault on Francis Aiornuicr, atao a hand onthev«*«el. Theocoused,during aquarrel,stabbedMortimer•wi'h a lrnlfe. inflicting a wound that is c nsidered extremely ddtigrrous. The injured u i u was removed to the New- i ora Hospital.ASSAULTED BY ROWDIES.—On Friday evening, dangerously,andprobably fatally,stabbed byJames Xhemeofremark,andthegreatshiphasbeenmanagedasquietly mostsatisfactionandamusementtoeveryvisitor. Thompson O'Neil, of No. 808 Bleecker street, was knocked downaugurate a new era of peace, and to live on the b«st " There is no doubt but that Austria will contiuue in and beat«-n while in front of Wm. Utter's groggery, No. 2C2 Hnd- Fox. It seems that the roughs there assembled were Ba h* under tbe control of one mind, and their urbanity to thru-[Advertisement)GAS. GAS—Doalera are invited to call atgreatmaaefacturingdepotforaewstria*ofGU*Firrermam,*^*.•^. gJ^^Aaaratm, P«ca k C*- N».«» 3wf4w%w, e r e * * , NNs/mterwB with ail wy neighbors, and especially with En- gland. Ihadrenounced SavoyandNice;the-————-j- mm^wmmwrnwv w W/ *. *-v%****"1—v WWMV bWWTW extraordinary additions to Piedmont alone causedthe path upon which she has entered, and that she isresolveduponfollowinghercewpolicy,notonlyas «reJ.g^aKrIdMsUr0eAl.ViAgMiCoIuVsUOquUeUCsOtilo*UnJsL,U)b, AuSUt.ValOsioOVinAAAreferencetothe•on street by a oouple of rowdies named Daniel Linn aud W il- passenger* haa been only equaled by their skill as seamen In lititxi Armstrong. Ju»tlce ConnoUy held the assailants to answer. discussing the merits of a recent prize-fight which took view of these statements, wo unitedly and cordially r*cotnmeu<itoe to resume the desire to see reunited to France j different nationalities of the Empire.Baker, after the Utter h»i «**t BUI Pools.and Billy Donnelly.Claiey took sides with Donnelly,wlofcstptttia*.And w» csnwstty unit* la th» 4««lr* W«* th*Llnawa*fonnt-rlyattachedtoMayorWood'sofficeasapolice- ,*Btan, and waa oharged with havlur aided In the escape of XewbjplaceatWeekawkenbetweenabrotherofJamesFoxtothetravelingpublictheAdriaticasthenoblestofMteomers, commandedbyoneof thenoblestandmostcrbttnoandscocoaa-Untitled DocumentSEP* Ww*;-- «1pantomime ofLauraKeene's Theater.-^-Tho ('American Cousin" for.the injured man to recover. The prisoner was'''Bianco,'!with,otherentertainments.is announced everynight tiU further notice... ;> i ' ' PROBABLT BEATEN TO DEA TH.—On Sunday morn-bly returned to his Burtonian reproductions, and'to- anceare notoriously bad characters, and Capt. Squires,ing, Officer Petty of the Fourth Ward found aa un- known man lying insensible ia tbo hallway of premiss* No.38Madisonstreet,and,onexamininghim,fotuwl that he was badly injured. H e immediately had M a removed to the New-York Hospital, where I s no*r lies in a critical condition. H e has not recoyersdhft consciousness, and the physicians are of opinion that his skull is fractured a t the base. Jules Maloy, of Now 91 Madison street, states that shortly before the man.is to be acted every night this week.The circus per-formances,with all thestars, arepresentedeverybor at the Royal dockyards in England are to be made the public the full worth of their money than Mr. Bar-ready to meet any emergencies that may arise for theirimmediateuse. " : -'! num, and there is no one who fulfills that difficult task Peter McAleer, driver of hack No. 100, conveyed to fortunate man. The Hospital physicians have KWsNo gold was taken to the bank to-day. \Messrs.Murdock&Son,extensivetannersinPerth, have suspended in consequence of great losses sustained through the recent failures in the leather trade in Lon- don. ' .. ,The Mexican advices state that the prevalent an- archy and distrust have caused the stoppage of some of the leading houses, among whom are Messrs. Yddoro de la Torre, with liabilities for £300,000, and Messrs. Donmann6cCo.,anoldandrespectableGerman house. Twootherfirncsarealsomentionedasbeing likely to suspend. Owing to the impossibility of send- ing specie from the capital for exportation, merchants having remittances to make to Europe were unable to do so except at a sacrifice of 20 per cent.A rise 100k place in the shares of the Illinois Cen- tral, and New-York and Erie.The deliveries of Tea in London are estimated at 909,112pounds.in a moie satisfactory manner. Whatever is interesting oruniqueinthecuriosityway,ifprocurablebymoney, is immediately added to the already almost countless attractions of the establishment. The entertainmentsthe First Precinct Station-House the deceased, another woman,andaman. Thedeceased wasveryfeeble and Sergeant Denton, thinking that she needed medi- cal attendance, had her removed immediately to Belle,hope of his recovery.A tfOTE FROM T H E POSTMASTER. Te tkt Editor of ThelT. Y. TrOttm*.SIR:—-I find an article in your paper of this morniag under the head of Uncle Sam's Post Boy and Lightning Dispatch, signed by F . Hitchcock, American Museum,•'. THE CENSUS.—Returns of this district have been re- beam (over all) and 13 feet deep.' She is copper-fas-M A N G L E D . —O n S a t u r d a y a f t e r n o o n , ' a b o u t 4 o ' c l o c k , a shockingaccidentoccurredonboardthesteamship Tennessee,lyingatthe.footofNinthstreet,EastpointedSecretary. Previoustotheselectionofdelegatus,Mr.SamuelGroocock,ofWestFarms,offered thefollowingreso-R.S.Anderton,esq.,ofWeatFarms,wascalledtothechair,andTh.Eowe,esq.,ofYbnkers,wasap- Carland,thesecondengineer,beingfearfullyinjuredthe former with a drawn knife, and plunged it several times into bis abdomen. The wounded man fell to tbe flobr, and his friends ran for assistance. Police Surgeon KimbarkandOfficerChurchweresoonathand,and whilethe former dressed Clarey'a wounds the latter arrested Fox. The physician thinks it hardly possible• ,by the investigation, that on the 27th of July last, eible for him to identify any of the assailants of the un-worth!minstrels, at present there, are ail excellentband,givinggoodmusicandplentyoffun.They manstatedthathehadjustcomeoutoftheInsaoe andcomplainingofthenondeliveryofalettertwenty- Ii closetheirengagementthisweek.. AsylumatTaunton,Mass.,andhadbeenconducted fourhoursafteritwasdepositedinoneofthelamp-were committed to the Work-House as vagrants. TheThe. Heenan Testimonial.—To-day this festival hither b y railroad. T h e driver of the hack testified postboxes.comes off at Jones's Wood. The arrangements are of the most perfect order, and the whole affair will be conducted. with the utmost propriety. T h e purse that is to be presented to Heenan at Jones's Wood to-day is notlikelytobeasheavyaswasanticipated.! Manyof the subscriptions have not yet been paid in, and severalIt is my intention to inquire personally into trrt/ty a young man employed him, paying him in advance, to irregularity brought to my n<>tice, in the carriage a o dthat while solicitingcustomattheNew-Havendepot,convey the-/'three pauperstotheCastleGarden Emi- deliveryofletters. Ihavedonesointhiscase. Th*complaint is well founded. I t was a mistake mads b y them,and,onarrivingattheBattery,gotoutofthe oneofMr.Boyd'sbestcarriers,recentlyappointedbygrant Depot.,';:The young man himself accompaniedcarriage, telling the driver to await his return. The me..' His route is to him a new one, and I trust that amandidnot return,hedrovethevagrantstotheFirstnewspaper articles,which I do not always see,tho case, the probability is that the three paupers were redrees will be more likely to be prompt and effective.O F—*—A STEAMBOA T.—At 4o'clock,SaturdayLAUNCHafternoon, upward of two hundred persons assembled in the Ship-yard of John Englis, at the foot pf Tenth street, E. R., to witness the launch of a new steam- boat for Sandford's Outeide Line, plying between this City and Philadelphia. She is 230 feet long, 51 feetKiver,CharlesWeyland,thesecondmate,andDanielbarethumbuponthevent-hole. Theheat,how-ever, proved too great, and he moved his hand slight- gajd to their stuble fixtures. Several carriage homes belongingAt a meeting of the passengers on board the eteamsbipAdriatic, held in the dining siloon, on the 10th inet., as\>,..- -«,.J * I a„...!,„r„r,toji, on the 1st lost., our noble variety of weather, incidental toSS£S V!$Sg52&&&»n„ are loveralVea captains, and very many that have crossed thefrvshlng.Ub/to spend au hour or tw o in BAKMCW'S Mosavsc. STABBING AFFRAY BETWEEN BRUISERS.—A dis- nobleot of the stesm vessels that sail between Europe aud The new arrangements for ventilation h»ve made It not onlyA^TIM"'uniting in heraelf every quality to insure safety, com-tort^SS•IH'«d- Andw*"nlt^lybenrthesamedecidedtesti- agweable,butreallyrafresluwg.thishotweather;whileUseturbanceoccurredenFridaynightatalowgroggeryin Twelfth etreet, during which Edward Clarey was vijrilance by day and by night has been among us tbe constant onces of WOOD'S MixsTUxut In the lecture-reom, afford Uw sjtvOffSandy Hook,August19,1860. s•vBARNUM'S MUSEUM.—Cool, delightful, and re-A >A •,i•••n• >*•'; ——~'*g^-SJi&»)»>i»P^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069IJIISIIwww.fultonhistory.com>MM$ p p l«i»\«2*$^.&^ W. •• ,; ••::%::2 ;.*-LM/ia^ 