 "t^\;pile—Hn.AiEE and recriminates at lengththere was a series of cases in this and the FOUR UUBDEB CASES READT (OR TRIAL BUT said coimtry*'pleaded net guilty to a charge of forgery in the third degree.August Stephani, for an alleged attempt to commit a rape.in thethird degree.James How es. « ho pleaded not guilty to a chargeof it as was not required to satisfy the judgmentThe plaintiff showed that the suit resulted In the dlschargejjf the attachment, and that the money so with defendant had not been returned. The.IiAMOKicizbb'b six months' drilling in theonly received no- tice from the District Attorney on Saturday after,IIdirectors had made a statement relative to theJost;'*'^piri%n<5«t iflustrions.so little notice, In consideration of hh other duties, he Was altogether unpreoared to proceed. After some opposition from the District Attorney, the Court set thecasedownforWednesday,the17thinst.confidence forment was falsethe faith of it ; and had suffered damage through so acting. Counselwouldconcedethatthepresentcasegi;brass,the main rails around thethan chose. were en- was unable to and the more they They.greatcounsel, Mr. Brown,any litigationtitled to bepaid the amount on gjdemand at the office,journalistsof thisThe engines, nonKiondensing, two in each vessel, guilty. The case was set darojw^anignfoerd trial on MondayAvvAiBSnsmAiica.<j||wH^cnHPotkfcg<»tt0t ^ylifc ^^gtober^'^^TPW^MlUi^UgtJ'^kaMild'bjrlte defihoif tEhe aiater of the Empress, tia at theattempt conquer moment, through the aid of Hun-grant boarding-house, at No. 117 Cedar-street, to- R. ad 150 doso It is said in flWdlBniItfitQt.tiM ttopeior had other reasons ^bfWMiafAb- Mtam. The forthcoming inter- is ab event not ex- rtlyritillltUJforthel^peror'sreposeofmind: b^ere the assertion of certain conti-Qualkin with hav- aig taken fit)ra his person, by force and violence, the sum of 85 cents, on some day in Jiuly last. Qualkln's'*M.^^|%a|^OfBen^iA ntf Albais not yet^diffjpr '^flnmislsii* at WanawThere is so much talk of war just now that the pitch. The blades are quite wide at the outer ends,— pool, that he mat a who man,47V 82H 82V 83appointmentif-such werecould have and ought to have ascertained the truth of.;KosspTH, Hungarytotal heating surface, exclusive of the steam chimney,to restrain their mili- MHM- jonnials it is indeed quite the contrary. "tary ardor much longer, if war is to continue all nifr4*ttita in Italy, the inanguiation of the doc- around them, while they are held in check. The windows are full of battle scenes and commanders in uniform, and the pub- andcrowdaroundthesewindowsinsuch3SS doCapu ship and the ship's sailing;. His name being regis- 10 Peon. Coal Co 82)4 10 Gal. k Chic. R 74VV'jKfbHiipheat.It will beimpossibletiiM of {K^nlar sovereignty, creates a necessity for m nbrbgiade movement on the part of the Sove-one boat against the other, finds the and shape, speedOncompanyhimonatrialtripofthetwovessels. The Qualklnagainob'e^Mdtopayingadollarandahalf MOofBossia,PrussiaandAustria, andrevivesa ijmpathy tietween^ these monarchs that would anot otiierwise exist. But such a meeting cannot Thetake place without a discussion on a return to ab- Langlois, in the Ohamps Elys^s ^the most won-thathad paid tl 50, the sum charged for a day's board and 100 dododo CO do 100 do 200 do120 Erie RaUroad do100 dodo do dolelgliibarkeeper3650 doeia b6087\ b30 87V slomVb2788 t.B4S8T)4 8JH37 3854 36J466037 37Vbioaixof the Fall of solatism,norcanitavoidsomeformalengagement derfulproductionofthekindeverseenCol.the results highestwill not exactly be in the interest of France.yiVUi^2i jtlQo late in the day for another holy alliancerunfor and asked to see the " boss." He was nothing,adA a compact would raise a storm not easily al^;the;80, too, any avowed compact for a rcac- ttawrr OMfemenftoward abaolutiam would bringtq<^i|M' wutmc .again the revolutionary element,difficultythat he had three centJljl^d,twenty-fivepiecesi59„;has rested about long enoughto China and Sjria are nothing better look out for a hurricane soon.he must settle the 50 with the barkeeper. His own statement was lOOIMS.'B|f tkttUSgtOuf desira, the body of her deceasedyou.gyffj \^ beci^ placed for the present in the Appieton was appointed, two months ago, asLanding,pocketsand look a ten-cent from one of them 'piecef^ra»4cnaad>(if;; that En-300 do 100 Panamaawj Railroad. 123chMtkofBeaU,sixmilesfitomParis,wheterepose tbehnBes of JosiPBiffx and Hoktxnss. Later on it will be conveyed to Spain for final interment. 31i» Monittwr annotmces that the Countess ofMinister to Russia, the present incumbent, Mr, Pickens, wrote to him to ask him if he would notfrom Tonkers dock, opposite the railway station, to Thirty-first-street, 14 miles by Apfutox, was made inCounsel for defence, (Ex-Recorder Smith,) contend-ed that nothing had been proved agaln<t Enright, anddesired to be allowed to call him as a wness In be-mother of the Empress, on account of thaiT common affliction, has been called to St. (^oud. This phraseology explains itself. Hme. "StllUanuo, (a most excellent and amiable lady,)versation with the President, mentioned the de- mand of Mr. PicKBNS, when the President said,screw was, calling the time 00 minutes, 15.4 miles perboor. If the vessel went I7J4, tile tidemust have beenli^VIHO,WM 1ace.for a 100-foot keel, without disputing about dlstan<ies. The steam pressure maintained was between 90 and 100 lbs. per square Inch.Court till this There were a adjourned moming.crowd of runners, emigrant txiarding-house keepers and others present, anxious for the result.as Director of the Museums and Exca-vations of Naples by Gakibaddi would seem toimply that he had become a legal Italian citizen,and the appointment was therefore a good one to of the Garden of Plants. In these memoirs the|ioantment^of memoirs, the i»ITs^ remarkable thatbemade. ButDdkashasbeenauthorizedtocom-and publish a costly illustrated work on these Vusenms and Excavations at the expense of the Sieasury, and this, too, has excited comment. TlisNicolini on the same subject, tlie onlycruel mother'details her reasons for her killing2164, 2167, 1882 added.Coart of Oyer and Terminer.could be collected by a Receiver, and applied to the paymentoftheplaintiffs'policy.workwork of any value, only reached an etUtion of 300bycopies, on account of the poverty of the Treasurj-,After six months' fiddling in the court of Ahtonuli, after wi months' torture in9 feet depth;deviating extremelyinanywere present to give a rapid historyJolm F. Williams, indicted 'for the murder of his wife, Ko.sanna Williams, on the 4th July, by stabbing her with a knife, was and pleaded notcorrespondents, but there are no telegraphs, no zailioads, and no newspapers in the country, and *e confess that we see in this fact the very best of tettODB why war should be carried there, and why tte country should be revolutionized.;variety the diameter of cylinder is UJc- Inches andthe stroke ITH hiches. The cranks arc at right anglesI'i'i]1Adam Jeger. indicted for the murder of Henry Bib-Action Acainst n Canstablc.t'raine Jamisicrss Ira C. Pit > ion.—This was an action agalLst the defendant, a constable of the$300,"love's laborplaintiff'swas enough for the plaintiff to show that theeoMctkMiwitkmibKtAa»thr|nhMil»liPtto '•*^i?'*l.*"'**ttd4l,,aiartiealartirgoo«J«*...*atchIhlit.aiieh 'lately guinr tf.lf h« bntoiffiit^She'abaolntistpowersjtliuinso that if there b» any logic ia the eiream(<l(tce%diridet by amid-feather. IM 1ka.aBte soiftce kaseqpaiefeet. Theflues—4of«iInches anda«rf 10»yttekt—same view-tad- .Balea Mtit ^-"-TFiance, as theof Piedmont, has acted thetaebes diaiaeter-ue u58 retnm flue tubes, is feet long and 4 Inches diameter. The gases thus part with most of their heat in the flues and then, after being again mixed, return through the flue tubes. The later locomotive practice shows„ wasUn. He senti^ed to t«ro yean la (to Statitiili^i $n,oao V. 8. •, tm-.jKH!<£Hiffi<aa>-w».;,aMFrance at Bome,bsoasK 68U m/n sooesk ct. IM Ulih. S.4N.I.R.bt».31^ lstmt.S.F.C.B*... OtX 300 do 2I«£ 2.000 Mh. S.2d mt.Bl.. 63 20* da bia21Si 4MMlch. 8. kN.I.e.S. 47^present gary. Accordinggether1(0 do R. 1st M. 98 100 doprint-shoppitch of this one to be for rightEn- right's. Onhisreturnheaskedforhisvalise,butwasoflic pushmilitarytold the byhe could not have it dU he^rtwidfeatIsag- Abovethamare nison.Jeremlak Reardon waLconvleted of an assaaltOM-mi •UH HNof. kWorceiterB. 48 «M 47illogical part.M. KossnTH and family have arrived again at;S!;::::Paris from Italy. A letter is published, attributedeastoOT OB a charge of riotous conducts The assaultsjxn Ho. St «• 1,000 dodotoready for the movement. The authenticity of thisletter is doubtful.The screw U 7 day question, he hadkind of tiling, we send it back toWhen Mr.— announcementthusmadeintheMoniteur Demnt,oftheUnitedStates,(theFrenchcallitwho deposed that he was in Enright's place at theandtime of the occurrence, that Qualkln voluntarilygave the eighty-five cents to the bar-keeper, that the latter asked Enright what he should do, when Enright said, " Oh, give him his bag, and let him go."BiPt in the habit of being often called to the pa-Rie•waainexceedingbadtaste. Undersuchastrokeofthe is now afternoon at Aerephon) playing everythe Bois de Boulogne on one of the islands in thelake, and attracts immense crowds of fashionablepeople. InjusticetotheinstrumentIoughttoadd vesselsgenerallybyabetteradaptationofhull,enginetfiat they all go away swearing.Mrs. Jerome Bonapabte, of Baltimore, came toiM|)llt'ttat the surviving daughter and" mother were iniBglii^ their tears without restraint under a com-The cross-examination of this witness, from whichaflKction the public would never have doubtednoniOof.Car those curious in the matter of genealogy, itdoubt tliat carrying out the same careful experiments in larger practice will produce still better results. The speedHarper Royalof.—The plaintiffs In this action are Messrs. Harper & Brothers, the well-known publishers. The defendants are twenty-one in number,' and are the Directors of the late New-YorkJthidkeai of Panaianda, Marchioncst of the Algabe,td'thm Bouiza, of Balcarotta, of Mirallo, of Valdan-^B^h^ofYalderrabano,ofVillamrera del Fresno,Cmmtat of Covarabios del Uonte, of* San Estebande Oannoz, and Vietmntett Del Palacios de la Bal-decoma. In 1843 she married Don Santiago brought up before the bar^of justice, understood.) WnatAioa, Duke of Berwick, of Alba, of Tormes, Bjjt in this instance the barre was the tidal swell ofl0l^ofMontoro,ofOlivares,etc.,etc. Bythis SftthemouthoftheriverSeine,andthelearnedProfessor of the Observatorj- was brought wmatBgawenunitedtwofamiliesrankingamong upby andseal>oats,whichshallittMSat In Spain for the number of their titles the journal in question for a &lse prediction aboutike extent of their wealth. The reader will the Fall Tides. I think I told you about the fifty «eaQect diat the Salic lawdoes not prevail in thonsandpeoplewhodemandedBasinet'sheadlast'eclipseformereffortsas TUBAL CAIN.tofiaiand economy.Books for Sailors.wtichexplainatheinheritancebytheDuch- spring of ,^a of her fiuher's titles. There were but DieppeIbecause he them down to inveigledHavre,Those who have the good of the sailor at heart, who have an appreciation of his merits, love him for,andtwo chUren, and the Duchess being the eldest, est tide on record. Now the fifty thousand areswelled to a hundred thousand, because this fall mwmt, had one title, and was inarried as Hlle. Di there jpras a remarkable high tide which the Pro-durance of privation, have an excellent opportunity of $30,000.The complaint then avers that the plaintiffs, con-testifying to the same by contributing books, etc., to fdlng m these representations, and In the general the seaman's library of the U. S. Hospital in Brook- reputation of the Company produced by such repre- lyn. The increase of this library Is dependent en- sentations made to the public at large, took out apolicy with the New-Yorx City Insurance Company, on their book-publishing establishment, for $10,000,apaoapoliaed the £unily titles. The Empress, how itoB^UO, Countess of T^ba.Xba perfoimances of the young King of Naples, <tOlwlaarebothmelancholyandcomic,orrather qiifantit Be continnes to make and unmake laws for the whcde Kingdom of ^e Two Sicilies, lie Sbnidves the National Guai% for Gajubaldi with aaova of lua wand, creates and dischargesfessor did not foretell, and hence the wrath of the public.—Lo-tirely upon the voluntary contributions of individuals,there being no provision made by the Government forIts sustenance. Ifit be commendable to give a drop that they were Induced to select this Company In.alhi&tries, levies imposts, rewards faithful officers for one year, at a salary of $36,000biography,establishment of & Brothers was burnt. Harper•addeatitntes others, and in fine legislates for thewluiie country just as if Gabibaldi and the revo-IptiQB Jbed never been heard of. All this amusestite Dictatof to such an e^nt that he permits the equal to yours. For those ten minutes each night Insane proclamations of his juvenile Majesty to be he receives $180. Leotabd has had a lawsuit heredirected to the care of the " Lihrarianman's United States Hospital Library," wUl J>e thank-pay the loss, and that tM plaintiffs sued them and* re- covered judgment, which they have not been able to collect.On these facts and others the plaintiffs demandjudgment against the Directors personally. Hon. Levi S. Chatfield argued the demurrer. He urged, principally two points. One was that there was noin and he is said to have jocosely trablished Kaples,pK^osed to his Ministers to conform to the young King's ordonnaqces.A certain amount of jealousy has been createdFob Tiessay.sufficient avermentof fraudulentmutual insurance Company,day,under theopen,thermore, that he came round the bar, searched his doa good bon mot attributed to Mr. Buchanak and ;as that gentleman is not much addicted to thatwhen afrom the country, and that if lie had not, he had bet- cussed. Coming down with a moderate tide, the run ter enlist at once, and get $12 a month.20O Tlo 2054 595 83oaos4hwenftbeaaTeeaHa*- BsUi-toat%M»asliigUbcJtlir.sHiiahh^twaJKtali^He was reifianded for Tbeiet«|l^^^t|Blta|i^iadEm]H«s8 to, the writer advices the Italian General not to attack that a volume of gaases going through large flue tubes John E. Enright, whose name has long been fami- 41,000 do—£-"Pttn, fteadmy, Sept 2S, 186ato KoBBOTH, and directed to Garibaldi, in which500 Cal. Bute 7s.... doMH 50 do M dob604«V .b13046g8ii..sentence.tl>" ProTinces has been nor to to Yene- parts with Its heat at its sides, chiefly, the hot core liar to the public, as the keeper of a notorious emi- 1,000 Erie B. C. B.1863 66 aw doas to call for the interference of the Police.'He demurred toboard and no lodging. The barkeeper replied that the 400way panoramalodging.this, statinghehad had no 100— eddaUy,attwofrancsahead. Thefactis,Franceexpeditions somebody hadin this far-off country,engineeringjust the same as If he had and boarded'lhere. sleptWe heard the othero'clock,JO bOOalXSebastopol, byby simply following copy. Wednesday, Oct. 3, Capt. Deoboot Invited a small party of marine and friends to ac-" rules and of the house were that regulaUons" every—is crowd-person, after registering his name, should be diiargedtwoYonkers, after a turnabout the har- speed against tide.shown to who told him Enright,purchase his carriages. Mr. Applbton, in a con- latter distance is called ITH miles. The of the speedRyan. and Assistantbetween counsel (he Dlstrict-Attomev,Mr. Anihon, which was finally terminated bv Record- er BAa>AEi> refusing to allow Enright to be used as a ^imesa."No, you had better not buy them; all you will pretty strong. That she did run what is at least 14miles an hour In still is Ex-Recorder Smith thenneed will be a traveling carriage."the keeper of a—The steam organ what do yon call it? of Mr.Our Insaraace Iiawa.jaSf ba stated that the Duchess of Alba, or Donna Paris in the last trip of the Vanderbilt, on a visit of these little boats shows one-idea-men pretty con- PERSONAL LIABILITY Or THE DIBECTOBS Or AICfUA Veaboiboj. dx Sallis Porto Cabsbbo t to her grandson, Capt. Bonaparte. Her son is KnrASHOS, was bom in Grenada in 1825. She also here, having preceded her a month. This re-^ cut-ofi', nor all propeller. Adaptation of parts, unim- James el al vs. Chamberlain etof the Count of Teba, afterwards union of the family at Paris may have beenproved in themselves. Is likely to turn out better thanwak'ttiB daughternadeGauntofUontijoandofMiranda. Shein-UBIHwI from her fiather, at his decease, the titles of BOME, as it is well known that Mr. Jerome Bona- ventions. But these fine little vessels would do stillbrought about by the late death of the Prince Je-the miseelianeous and random application of new in-parte of Baltimore is still anxious to test the le-greater service to the general science of marine engi-InsuranceCompany. Theygal questions involved in his mother's marriage. Oneofthepapersastonisheditsreaderstheotherneering If their Indicated horse-power and their con-day with a large heading which read thusCity. The case came up yesterday, before Justice alike in size, speed and functions, a. great variety of BoHKET, of the Supreme Court, on a demurrer put In Important experiments could be tried by running one by one of the defendants to the complaint. The othernit tbaluit detant la barre!against the other, If all these data, as well assfinple speed, were taken into the account.defendants served have answered.The cooaplaipt avers, among other facts, that in Mareh, 1853, the defendanta were directors of the;Cherbourg,with apromiseof thehigh-any form, and never raised a cashTheqvartierBredais inastateofrevolt rettedom is plunged into the abomination of deso- lation, because Leotard, the beau Leotabd, the brilliantto leave themengagedand were induced to them $150 paypremium;andtrapeze !going at Loadon Think of-and In short, wholesome and entertain- anyThe narrates the fire in complaint lastlyperformer of the circus, isof water to the disciple, surely they who minister to the comfort and happiness of the sick inariner will notwant for a reward.The books most acceptable are works of travel,preference to olher solvent andresponslble companies, with whom they might have insured, by this repre- sentation that the capital was $500,000.He has been1853, by which, as will l>e well remembered, the book-publish-Babi- (Babinbt:thepartoftheeveninginwhichhewasnotem- 55,37,38." " S&FKJ^MS CotlBT—ClECOIT—Purr /.—Nos. 145j, 683,a theplaintiffswereinlawmembersofit. Tbey,there-and thefhMWftalkedofmakingademonstrationatthefun- tinuoustt)etweenthetwocylinders,themiddlecom-'Jlia Xiegitlmlets$709 from Julius Rosen-Tlie following cases were sent to the General that the plaintiff herein gave him the $300 as his se-cdt'tM Genoa,as aprisonermuch complication of valve-gearcomplaiat,Ultra-Papal Party PniODAN,killed at the battle near An •rather,$edt^,^ tese Ornvnanoit iias given up to the different for-all their taken eign IDnisten at Turin conpatriotsof in the second forgery degree.Henry Bryant, charged with degree.wfiftm alone he was,SUf'ik'p^-evidentlyquiteThe General was bu-acting;the but reversing,entered into a written agreement to return theof war; bat he will, soon airive at Paris, mnee the Piedmon-obviously saveschar*ged / burg«larv •depositeddefendant denied the allegations of theand averred that the money deposited with him was byincon- partment being for the cut-off valves and the com- !charging him » ith thal.It on the trial that the defendant had levied appeared''llM^'^'^^'^W>tti3iiti}>li^Mndn4K3 not take place.jieibrVsten8j,in the country, some distancefron Faria—the Piedmontese Government havmgtb*n over fliB body at fteir demand. JCdbMais- follow lull stroke by alloying the steam to enter in- SBB, who was iqxirted killed, has arrived, wound- side the cut-ofl valve, directly upon the main valve.Sessions:his release of the property attached.prisoners fai ika rai^ of the Pontifical army. The has yet appear^ The independent cut-oS' on a se- MiniateTofGnatBritaiBiaaaUtohavetakenback parateseat,ashereused,wasabandonedonloso- the Irishmen captured at Spoleto with much such motives, partly, however, because a variable ]Louis Delong, charged with burglary in the third degree.sued againstThe trial was before Justice Boswoeth, in the Supe-B grimace as a man takes back a bad cent.The only foreign Mmlsters who remain at Naare those of and the Uni- Piedmont, Englandcut-off was required. . The Independent valve on the back of the main valve was fqund to be better, hut the lower valve then wore away rapid-.;ple«tedStates. WhenGaribaldiproclaimsVioio» ly,and would wear still more rapidly on suchEurBEHX OOCBT—OSNEBALTERM.JblUVEl. King of Italy from the steps of theMriDalat Home, who wiU be the American Mlnis- tion of these engines. We believe, however, that aThis branch ions.to-dayfor decis-the valve mo- '*r4l**enew power? Mr. Dahibls, Mr. Stook- link, as weU constructed as that of the locomotive,The iGrand Court made Jury impaneled for thistheir appearance yesterday morning, pursuant to no- tice given them on the previous Monday, but the Grand Jury in the Oyer and still InMoare el a/.—JudBnents for plainUffs, in another week, the law not permitting two Grand Ju- betotahl. vs. on demurrer, with leave to defendant to-^U^W^advaotagecoUeagnes,Chandlbb? Mr. have cat off Dakibls would—8I7PBKME COCBT BPBCIAL TIRK.going through at a high TUs boUer temperature.-with 1.000 Had. Mtg.lolX Michael Ryan, his bar-keeper, were 3.000 Had. B. ad Htg.. Mmust evidenUy give difl'erent and better results. Its placed at tlie bar, John charged by8,000 Harlem MOO Mich.C. 8 9is some 3,800 offeet, which 330 feet are in the fire-box. statement was, that on the infeet 8 inches and 14 feetIn diameter just come from Richmond, on hisLa C.&U.L.O.Ba 32 7,000 L.E.AW.lstni.Bi 1t^ 15 Park Bank Illhim militaryspiritoftheFrenchiskeptatwhite justthereverseofOxmiTH'sscrew,whichha.sgiven Enright'shouscwherehisnamewasregisteredasa 200Canton54 minutes, and to' Canal-street in 61 minutes.The halfof Along and animated detnte ensuedsincethetwovesselsareso nearly—almostexactly—handsome collation wasHuyier'sserved In the cabin of the Rtaolute, and a great many that the barkeeper then gave him his valisegood things to cat and to talk about were fairly dis- right said he must have more monev, since he cameand the because of this refusal was an 1179. 1459. 1461, 1403, 1465, 1469. 1471, 1173. Part state of its assets and resources, and could not com-4>loyedto such a degradation of her favorite. The cos- b96, 1274, 1340, 1384, 1386, 1388, 1390, 139-J, 1394, 1330, even;the of Alsxandeu Db- elegant fair one of the beau monde, who objected /;.—Nos. 1318, 1404, 1412, 1376, 1380, 1084, 1-202, 1203, plain of the defendants for erroneous statements,^esby'XAB to the post of Director ofthe Public Museumsand Excavations. But H. Dumas was made a citi-ken of Sfcily by a vote of the authorities of Paler-mo, and thus became an honorary Italian ; the ap- terity forbid ! His importance to the State was too •* Superior Cooet—Par( /.—Nos. 667, 1329, 783, 805, execution only. That was not enough. It was not672)«, 823, 827, 829, 833, 835. 837, 833, 841, 843, 845. 847, the proper way to proceed against a mutual insurance 849, t51, 853, ^55, 663, 867, 869, 871, 873. Part //.—Nos. company. They might have applied for a receiver-tume would do for ordinary tumblers in the ring, but for a man who had written his memoirs, pos-1398, 1400.ScPBEMx CooET—Speoiai, Teek.—Nos. 83, 85)4, 92,Anotherpolntwastliai the complaint did not show the plaintifis had exhausted their remedy against the Company. They had recovered judgment and issuedgreat; Sptsaliinghave yet appeared are those of the——2060 added. Part //.—Same as Mondav," and Nos. which could not be reached on an execution, buttwo young ones—the hope of M. GiOPfbt St.Beiuamin Vaughan Abbott,theplaintiffs coimsel,of a hearing both sides.whoaagamstbefore Malakoep.. COUNSEL FOR DEFENCE NOT KKADT A. ,I.A._KIp.I-SNUMBEP. OF PElSONERS INDICTED AND )AB' EAIGNED.1IEngland byivhichlaw had become well set- thp quiteinjusticepublicjudgequestion,|g|j down to a certain point. The first step takenhadbeen to hold one merchant liable for falsely recom-mending the credit of another. From that point thecases had proceeded to establish a iiabilitv of direc-CAPT. DEGBOOT'S SCKEW-STEAMERS.The of CourtOyerandTerminer did but triflingtors in for false and fraudulentwell-known as aboat commander, and not unknown as a marinemurder and one of in manslaughterCapt. Degeoot,neer, has recently completed two small screw-steam-ers, called the Resolute and Relianr.e,These vesselsdicted for in the first manslaughterdegree, in killingpublicat a large^withand, withoutparticular from the ordinary construction, the bulll^company;joiner work was done by JoutrVAS City.counsels prevailed, and the demon- purtnients next the cylinders for the distributing valves.Wm. H. Degroot, who of grandpleadeinotguiltytoachargecurity upon of the money, it was alleged, the de- Upon receiptmy.It isln thedirection. valve motionWe dofor this class of enginesLefever, toalso claimed that stillanother responsible. It was attachment had been is-right the best possiblenot think thatforgeryin the secondengines as these.So, on the whole, the locomotiveBOUSIKIIPEB, AOAOC OJf TRIAL.of the Court sits , Deeiaiaaa.practice proves nothing special againstas economlealto at half and but fiill stroke, and It would have been Implei'. But It isTerminer beingsession. Recorder BAasAas had to dismiss them or BONBEr,J.— H'lFfftn* tt oL vs. Hicks et al.,Eyreover Ms twofei&va ffils is a (jpestionto be answered by Mr. easier to critldae than to constmct. On the whole,liiaooub'. ttie piig'''«« an goodThe recall of ILKlSBA, the Piedmontese Minis- smaUaariaepractica generally. The exhaust is veryter at Ptfil^ so aa to balance the recall of the quickthrow aad ports.- The engines wereconstraetsdbyiHGaABAH, J.—Retdso filed motion graatod with flO cost*.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069French Hlnister from Turin, is regarded as a piece Messrs. Coss * FtsiM, of Jersey City,Of unnecessary comedy. It is well to remark in'Messrs, Howau, * BiWMU, of atnoU VcDonU dlil not actuaUy enter the bulldjsg.Theboilers,builtby;;proceed, Court named Thursday as the day oftrial.The Grand Jury came into Court and after pre-; upp<r works and general appointments of the vesselsafter the loss and of the time. lapse prescribedpopular steam- engi-firstbut, in no instance, could he bring one of them beforeliable for a misstatement wilfully andmade by the board ; and the liability arises equally whether the misstatement was communicated to the ^aintiff directly, with intent to deceive him individ-Teveal their beauties to the world. Of ail the iUastrious examples ofgood and appropriate, without being remarkablyservice will be recorded in history as the sharp. They are 100 feet keel by 17)4 feet beam, and noon, that the trial would come off on Monday. With affairSj. of the company, with intent to winthe organization of troublesome foreign troops, engines, boilers and propellers have been so wellafter six months of truckling to a power he once adapteUy one to another, that the prastical results arebated, and after six months of abuse poured on remarkable—indeed they are unprecedented for this gree, ill caui-liig the death of Patrick Corkerev. such false representations plaintltf had been inducedCoiiiisel for the prisoner, Mr. Henry L. Clinton, stated <t) sell goods or lend money, or the like, to the party or ^liT" from all parts of the world, he is denied the class of boats. The more minute details of these fine to the Court that he had only been notified on Satur- corporation recommended ; or to buy shares in thepoor consolation of one little victory, one littletriomph, by which to redeem his lost reputation.little vessels are as follow : The hulls, built by B. C. TiERT, of Keyport, N. J., are of wood, strapped diag- onally with heavy iron, within and withoutthe frames^day, and had not had time to procure tlie necessary stock of the Company. In tliese cases plaintiff had wi'messes. He was, therefore, unable to proceed. sued only fur the value he parteti with onwas there a ^ so sudden, so complete, Kev^ fiascoThe District Attorney opposed any delay, but the Judge allowed the case to go over till to-day.of Johnthe strength of the recommendatiunX But the case did not go further than tlie law went, in holding men tofor their affirmations of facts, it wasresponsibilityentirely "copper and galvanized" fa.^ned, and Cunningham. The District-Attorney called the case no answer to the action that the plaintiffs were mem- world has given him credit for, he would drown his ceiled with oak planking 3;^ inches thick an arched on for trial, when his counsel. Mr. Beach, said that he bers of the Company. They did not become mem- ; wa£unable4o proceed with the trial .in consequence bers until they paid the premium. The very fraudwere as a man as the a* kaailiating. If proudgreat disgrace under the waves of the Adriatic. hogging frame runs from stem to stemAncient history is not wanting in examples of this protected by the best flange boiler-plate, and 'the ves- to be procured from Albany and elsewhere. The plea false statements of the assets. .They had a kind of remedy for great disappointments. sels are coppered with unusually heavy sheets, to 20 for delay was ol^ected to by the District-Attorney, course of action, at least, to recover back— A large proportion of the officers of the Papal inches above the water-linesenting several indictments, proceeded again to tueir arc supeiior as to workmanship and material. The duties.capital. It wa-. sufficient.The Court took the papers, reserving its decision.noof {he afiair to the world, and the campaign will,perhaps, he terminated before many of its detailsare known. For not only is there an absence of are of llic steam-hamnier or upriglit inverted cylinder next.and the exhaust ste^^m is usedforfire when required as in locomotives, or it may be let at once into the atmosphere. We advise the general reader to skip the next two paragraphs. The steam i chests of the two engines aie adjacent, oron Thursday.John Dean, indicted for grand larceny", in stealing$27 in money, a watch worth *30, and another worth i9, pleaited guilty, and was sent for two years to the State Piion.Henry l*ros.sei:s pleaded not guillv to an indictmentto recover the sum ofThe valve-motion is directno cut-ofl, being accomplished by a link. The cut-off valves are always at work and are not thrown out of gear as uu locomotives, but the engines are made toThisis aningeniouscontrivanceandWilliam Henderson, withand asa greater consideration than a high degree of econo-;durabilityisTisssi,Benjamin Vaughan Abbott, for plaintiffs Chatfield for defendants.L.;S.drawing air into theThird District Court,alleged to have been deposited with him as security for the satisfaction of a judgment in an action then pending between Henry H. Morange and Amable Le- fever.much better than we see iaries to sit in the same Coimty at one time.James McDonaU was tried for burglary In the third degree. Incompanywithotherdepredators,biscom- panioM, he a^a)«M in the breaking into the preailseaanswecarseIsn,twenty days on paymaat of costs. BCPBBMB C0U«I—WLMfBBBS.and sbarp, showliiB a good proportion of valre-vs.ft«er.—MoU«igrantedun- less bond Is filed with «ve davs, Mnaltf-$r,MO. K so of Mr. Fradeiie Maliestadt, No. 338 WasWngton. filed motion may be heard onRwo d^s'-notioe. U noti|whomThe Court adjourned till this morning at 10 o'clock.General SeaaUna.JOHN E. EKBIOHT, THE IMIOBANT BOABDIKO-93,94,96,97,98, 100, 101, 102, 103, 104, lOj, 9, 62, 63, 67, 80, 85.712.Hippopotamus, CouuoN Pleas Parr /. Same as Mondav, and No. the assets of the company would be premium notes,represen- tations of^ the assets of the companies, in various or perhaps from the indisposition of the Govern- (iirat Speed of Small Teasels—Peenliarlties ney attempted to commence work in earnest. He had classesof cases, uiitSl at length it liad become settledment to spend money in this way. All travelers. «nd particularly all lovers of archeological re- aeatcbes, will be rejoiced to leam that Pompeii and^iteeulaneum have fallen into the hands of ALSXASDaB DUHAS, and that he has authority toof Constmctloii—A Trip on the Hudsen.yesterday the District-Attor-four murder cases ready for trial, or rather three of that a director was dhargable with knowledge of the730, 732, 738, 752, 758, 760, 728, 672,766, 696,ship. For,course,bu.'iiness but last week,corporations'jjually,are exactly alike in all particulars ; the models arc August Lorcmaii. Mr. McKeon, his counsel, stated hear it, and thus cuuie to knowledge. Ita jury.John Eagin's was' tlie first case called. He is in-or was thrown before thegeneral intent to deceive whomsoever might read orto the he had Judge (iNORAUAM)thatler. was and arraignedpleadednotguilty.TobetriedClias. Mloaorrce,nyf.or afendant of the action resulted in money in case the trialstealingupon certain property in the action mentioned, andJohn Rean,charged with forgery In the second degree.and resulted in favor of the amount claimed.Stanly and ^(angdell, for plamtiff ; for defendant. ^Netiee M the Bar.againstthere are two indictments,rior Court,plaintiff for the H. H. Morange,similar offence and plea.favor attachmenti Issued, and if tlie trial resulted adversely, to return so muchJhedegree,fraudulentlyEdward L. whomthe Barnes and Henry Thompson, who of the partv againstUntitled DocumentjThe District Attorney then called on the case of went further than any of the adjudications. The pre- Thomas Wood, indictecl for murder in the second de- vious cases had been, generallv, instances where byIs indicted for theEdwin Hodgson mur.lcrthe stems arethe top sheets, about 4 but the cose was finally set uown by the Court for their premium, before ever they had any constructive;of the at>6ence of witnesses for character, who were charged was in inducing themtojoin by* knowledge, as members of the company, of the truth nrmy were young men belonging to the aristocratic feel square, weighlpg 45^ pounds each. The upper In the next place the District-Attorney called on the of the representations. And it was no answer to sayfamilies of tlie St. Cennain at FaubourgThursday.and rails are also coppered ; the bits and caps are of pol- case of Charles P. Morrisett and his brother, Cone A. that the plaintiffs had not applied for a receiver.Paris, anxiety is felt by these lamilies for the arri- J V^of a correct list of the killed and wounde<l in tke iMa battle near Ancona. The campaiLin against 'DieBoman States was organized so rapidly tliatthe chocks are lined with and the Morrlsett, indicted for murder and arson. Agajn their They oveA no duty to the defendants to undertakeished brasscU'cts on deck arc of iron boat.',areprotectedbylieav-ywrought-ironbands theh„imself. 'The-jut -.8..b80 4«V 4«lA»Vlr.8t«K.. OacwCokaly, of the Sltlh Prechict, who had him la ''ja,iooaSoN.c'.crsuii4«V bWTSk «at Beading Railroad.. 48was committed on July 10.21 the best result In England. Di Gsooi has made boarder, for a short period, previous to his llnding a 36Del.&Had. O. Co.. 98many experiments with screws of various construc- tered, he gave his valise into the custody of the bar- 75 Bruiu. City Ld. Co. s so do tion, and having accurately tested them by runnlrtg keeper, and started in search of a vessel. He was ab- COL. C. ft Mil. R IJi.vessels. A dif- ferent size and model of vessel seems to alter the re- quirements altogether, showing how much in the dark people are, at the present day, who expect to at»hi to100WON. Y. Central R... 88the river tobor, was made hi a little over an hour, a part of the time at reduced and The twin ves-upsels, at the appropriate hour of ihauled in Palisades, and made fast to the wharf ofSOOHarlemliailroad... ia\the.«edo 835isent some little time, and during his absence changedtils mind, and concluded he would at not stop66PaciflcM. 8. Co.... 8* 50 do bte84Sin hisand that when he placed his hand, the barkeeperhand, seizedit,wrenchedit andtookthecoins. Fur- docalledwater, sufiiciently remarkable sailor's boarding-house, in Enright's neighborhood,Great credit is due to Capt. Deoioot for making theexperiment which has thus resulted, even if it shouldteach nothing more than the possibility of improving nothing special was elicited, being concluded, theand 10 each other. There is no propellerclusively that a steamboat is neither all model, nor all COMFANT..Citysumption of fuel were carefully a.^certained. And compriseseveralof our leading business men In thisThe public can hardly ask Degeoot to do allthis at his own expense for thCeairptb.enefit, but we hopehewillfinditprofitabletoaddtotheservicehehas directorstheyfraudulentlyandwithintenttoinducealready done by undertaking some large scale riverthe plaintiffs and others to insure with them, adver-tisedandrepresentedtothepu')licatlarge,andtothe plaintifis and to the confidential advisers of the plain- tiffs, that the paid-up caoiuil of the Company was $500,000, and that they were able to pay losses to the amotmt of $500,000.In fact, however, the Company never raised andnever were of a of that amount in possessed capitalhisrealworth,admire him for his ^ self-sacrificing en-capital exceedinging literature which will amuse and Instruct. Books ingthat, Mr. President of the United States! For sent to the United States Navy-yard or to the hospl. It avers that the New-T^rk City Company failed totwenty leaps through the air, occupying each even- ing ten minutes' time, he receives a salary exactlytal,fully received.of the Sea- V.with the director of the circus, because he refusedto put on the costume required in the ring duringCoart CalendarUnited States Distbict Court.!LAW REPORTS.—Nos. 46 torepresentadons.New-'i'ork City Insurance Companythat as suchThe Company beingfore, had knowledge from their membership of theas a matter ofa of large portion;uponmade,whichthey themselvescondition of the affairs of the and was company,thethat i>lalntlffs had actedIfthe Company did not pay, then, by reason of want ofwhich was notLefever, discharged,saidand for which defendant claimed to hold deposit.way tookto Liver-3,000100 do sIOthat the state-to200 m. Cen. R. Scrip. (0 do.Company..»«3\ 50 Mich. Cen. R. www.fultonhistory.com 