 S-w- England wadthe n&ereste ofthe. Ink*.a. 18friendlyaidstoeaea ion any policy thatof theother. T" Jag between, t h e«g and the Severnalso contributed much to' to.-ifit of concession andepolitical opinion,th« r?»»t cotonatoadtiee ofm % wiwrtainipg,aiming a t differentf^r from the average."force* of thought, 1&» tfc* ta$ion, will keep-thai>it. Men who, from)get the coratitatiottalgard the preservation ^bf", a sacred duty, cart never,sontrolftngintecpw*-B5c* SlaveStates,bee or to endanger the Jiervatlsm, true censer,„iwle section, and surveys 0 country, is the naturalindustrial systems of thee .-^ntiment has,on orated into timidity j ma£_. id npon aa an, element the coming contest,iron; and wherever than a match for the 01 the beauties of em—cf anything s a dtout it, talk about it, totafraid of a tract, adi*cn*don always beget* th- South, opinion upon •«*': the most moderate not there be uttered1 robbed; Northern a*vn csare burned, as Bibles Bis no open channel tha can be reached upon the onftidered a renarakablanative of Kentucky, ch in the Capitolof hisepublican party establleo m Skate ? Onhf, when havingOf the GoveYnmeni, it n ' policy, aire- the lie tos;andwhen itcandispel«»a r the prejudiess of the ignorv- aeon of the iAtelii^eaj, ss» ; w e most ciJ-her yieJd tojhe Democratic pextj, o r ^ the agency ^ d b y % « ^an v. ..j prepared fo/the e<mif|p|^ ie Chicago Convent"it name any one ofwith its principles,it.* name and its hiet it, as the rej diligence of the people.by the thirdv party, SCSJrising under the driB of • lemocxatis party. The KtaML^movements. •I have befite**; • Jdtional t'oiou Cotnmittssv t»'A e of the UniWd States. &Hgtf sn for whom % have highre- iave acted ofteja. I csn pi ,am is as earavst hi hk devcw, j Constitution z&they axe; and,r party cry, i h o p e t h e y w a Pire willing %4 share it wSJP an w i o threaten t h e Union*? » Ck>nstitn*k>x£ i a acting ffjm irinciplo is required of na or|| t. as Kepubteane axe oon<"* sason w h y t ^ e v cannottided them id defeatingard who are filling to asid byHenryjday,who de-| lid xrom a Sfai'e State, it wa* id well matured determena- trthly power, •shouId competKciion of Slavery ei&bsr north,, QC. In a gr<)\t contest, like;s to stand aMof upon a thirw > who are rafined to de st^gs rty,onthet&eofsueees%%&g jan;zaiaoc. y e cannot and" •ugt, fellow-c^izessof J8«*v> ce ha*.taught yon that it k;; ratic party esould elect omf than that ye|t should eleesf •t to ask pledges and gaw», s far preferable to humili*' •victoryhas|eennomtnaj|r nd, as vour i)»ilow Repu»fceet in C o n g W that fch«*:;practically ajiunet %ag, but self- jtant, and first- i which w e Bod. The Bo-vno* only*hd .in check, ther yery, bat v»m"iffi'-fr:l"lTI ""-'-"•••»**•**&&'••*—"?- i--j^||| iv. .-...^.^jjgj****?tFPi • •'III<•»!I}y and cos jit, that n e t dtheprMr. CHAIRMAN—The Chair is aware that such has W»T> the ca»tom; but if the rule is insisted on, it is the duty of the Ctuur to enlorco it..rescorefcrrens!—flew at hie master, killed him withhis flail, (oh, fora Harper's Ferry Committee!) sprang handed to her for identification, and she immediately into the vacant saddle and escaped, and came and set- tore it to fragments, evidently in great mental excite-ieast, the rights of anyStat^£ sonntry. .-4 • •••'•'0, FARrwxi.L.—A paper Hol>^|py,whichhasbeenanua-| nexation, has now stoppefe her W as tnrrounded V f l%| teclosingeditorialwashKapeak from his seat.Mr. LovrJOY—I have no seat. Mr.ASHLEY—]SToranyothermember.Mr. LOVEJOY (taking hia place in the Clerk's desk)if the clauses that are deemed to refer to the subject of .Slaverymean allthat thewildest enthusiast claims them to mean, they bear no other relation-or propor-speech, I claim it, and I demand it.Mr. BONHAM—I aek the gentleman why he does notattempttoasserthisright7Mr. LOVEJOY—Yea, Sir. The gentleman cornea frommonish John to stay and serve hia master, whose money he was, like a gooa " Christian dog!" A moment,Sir. Let uslook at this questionasidefromitsmoralas- pects. And I want to know what right Slavery, o r ament. The Court was adjourned; the bits were col- lected and carefully pasted together. The letter thus reproducedismainly as foUowu, and itgivesa clear picture of the cbief incidents of the affair, as well as a vividideaofthesacrificeofwomanlyfeelingmade by the writerforthesakeofthe mansheloved:LiND or PKOMISK, F . Anne Co., Jan. 15.1869. BHOIHKH FXANK: Hereuatra* statement of tho n d affair thathappenedonthetSthofJune,18f9,andIwiihyontoshow it to the citizen* of Princew Anne after the trial of my hufbaad, if he i» not acquitted. On the l€th of June, 1839,1 foand thaimy hoiband waa inconstant t o me, and I upbraided hlxn,; for n o cne on earth could have made me believe that h e w&i not virtn- oua. H e was alwaj s very kind and affectionate to me. No one told meofit,nordidIsuspectit,butmyotrneyestoldit Itold bimthatIdien'tbelievethathewould besounkindtome,and I would not allow him to bave but one wife. I asked bim w h y beactedsotowardme,andhesaidbecausehebelievedIw**a>t. The editor s*ys: >wjournalia»,«CTM«*SKjhticalliberty. Lt J^mi e*r. It fane with tie tw<*. rere Ha flag, *K n s dm stata*^i eeded and »old without any nabee. Traitorsspokeinout. roy is yours,' a n d ' iostaatly"•• rintopossession. TheI " >nMBngourstreets. IsIt'everthelessallisnoti»en conaaHed. The eoseent st.il remains to satisfy the 'the SwissConfederation^and independence by the ia*' BNapoleonHI.resolvedts ghts and the interests of SwH> he will encounter diplomat!*n a future, not very fer idfffirrope." :.•:'%, TRAYSL.—A. Case of betrayanty, N . Y., which has y>ct of a great deal of »acist^5, j>arties, and indignaaoa ut$imof the case are, as «***•* ? follows: Something .acrt- mt of that town, whose prtg «r sex had rendered laa^o^0of the community, s ***^!on, and joined the Metbc^ni, making people believe ffl» better lite. His victim, # *4 industrious machinist, ^ ' i, and report says t h « H H rther at prayer moettogsypf e subject of general'gg"*]S rs of lier husband. His #*» he did not believe 1»« jdoesday evening, o n / "deserted, and on inst-t ax.d hi* wife tcg^f*V»*J5r.J ,held »ome distance « ° « « ^ tband knocked ^ ^ ^ f S jsface with * > * * ~ V J ^ « #them. But you will say the woman had a right tois, used in theequality of the Statea, and I grant it. The citizen8 of a Slave State have all the.rights in the Territoriea that a citizen of a Free State ha8. Y ou have the right, IFree Statea without moleeta- concedetogointothecommonTerritoriesaudilive ;there wiih any kind of property w e can take, but youhave not the right to taife 8laves- This ia the distinctionI make. At a liberal estimate there are not more than twomillions of people in the United States interested in1 in/orroed rcums'anoee J^M»d W » d the merchant anonext morning f ^ S- LI'* wife say* that she iChina, showing juat about the same development in and hear no gentleman until members resume their civilization as the implements that you find on theMr. LOVEJOY—I must decline to yield to the gentle- man.^senttoherfriends, »dinwine^andhehas u>thehonseof*»"TV. >n of Uking l a »5£a»£SnSestvleheba.talked. Heshallnotcomehereges- ticoUthJK*»*menacingandruffianlymanner.utrangemodeofCbristiaiizingaracetoturnthem Mr.BARKSDALE—Ihopemycolleaguewillholdno over into brutism without anylegal marriage. parleywiththatperjurednegro-thief.Among thefoor million slavesinthiscountry,there Mr.LOVEIOY—Itisaeked,whydiscussthisquestion?IKDIAN OuTRAG*s.~Every mail from the northera portionoftheStateofTexasstillbringsnewsof.new Indian outrages and murders. In small parties of not more than fifteen, the savages seem to have dispersed themselves over the whole of the northern counties,mrdistaken:Mr. ADKAI»—To avoid ail further difficulty, 1 sug- the conjugal and parental relations, and without hav- the protection of Turkey, for the purpose of sacrificing net-gashes in his side, the blood oozing out, and life and give them homes, and protect and guard the sanc- er^sttothegentlemanfromIllinoistoi>j)eHiti'roaxhisingthoeerelationssanctionedandprotectedbylaw.himonthe.altarofdespotism:"Gentlemen,'thereis itselfapparentlyebbingfast;aroundwerecertain tityofthefamily. Weshallnotpushyou.Ifyoa seat. We all kno w him to be a man of courage, and Mr. Chairman, no community can make one step of ' something on earth greater than arbitrary or despotic little specimens of the canine species, snuffing and say that you want a quarter of a century, you can t as* he cannot be intimidated.Mr.Jr*aroR—JNoonewantsteintimidatehim.Hx* JUovsJor—Nobody can intimidate me.Mr. Anaxi*—I know that. I suggest to the gentle- plains of Utah. ChriHtiaz>izing_wthuovmu.. S.ir. .!_ vCubuxtiosthian- power: but there is something among men more ca- The lion slowly raised hia head, oast a disdainful vocate the perpetuity of Slavery are like a set of mad- Comanche County, says:jjna that he continue his apeech from his seat. t w >«pable of shaking despotic throues than lightning, " On the evening of the 3d Jnat., three of our citi- »/Jng them by a >e w process. The Slave Statea have whirlwind, or earthquake; and that is the excited side glance upon the inquirer, giowled out a con- capa, who should place thenuelvea on the top of an zens were returning home from this place, and fourfTlrirtyorfortyofthemembersfrombothsidesof ari«httoanexclmivopatentforit.Takingthemout (<andarouredindignationofthewholecivilized temptuousnegative,andreposedhisheadaabe-icebergwhichhaddisengageditselffromthefrozen milesfromtowntheywereattackedbysevenIndiana,nwutOWOO*w^»"2,Id not dilok ^ t b * ^ X r f l ^i..iod *©wowu*a t h etl,ri«U t*M* ^ 1 ? ^ ? ^$f«fregions of the north, and begnn to float downwardandoneofthemen,A.L.Foreman,waskilled,loraiog.»theMr. ADRAIN—I hope it will be insisted on.. TheCHAIRMAN—ThegentlemanfromHlhioiawillo n s ««not there more Of a charm, is it not a prouder but to freedom, to the utter exclusion of slaveholding. country, where he would go to a place of aafety to live. I wa«position to be an American than to be a Roman citizen. Now, gentlemen. I know you are in a mood to take ready, and would have started inafewdaya if h» had not boonnds. The ^ . b a * 4 £ £ i «r i W d secreted m » g J 5Mr, Cox—-If t h e g**utl«maa from Illinois «oee o n a s gally a single father or child. There is not a single no constitutional powsr to legialate upou it? I will right 7 and if ao, what rights ha8 it 7 When the cur- olamitibnof ihe holy evangel of God to sinners in this Jhe has, a.goaidlaa will have to be appointed for him. home or hearthstone among these four million. And tell you, Mr. Chairman. Itwtllbe recollected that tain rose,, and startled the Nation with thia tragedy, House. I tell you of the Slave States that you mustMr. Jr>a»x»r»AMB—(addressing Mr. Lovejov)—You j on propose to civilize aud Christianize a people John Brown lay there like a wounded lion with Wr. Webbter once said, when spaaking of the threat-6,^ h ^ r u W . ^ ^ ^ ^emancipate your slaves. It belongs to you and not to.shall not some upon this side of the IIou*e. without giving them homes, without allowing them ened interposition of Russia to tnatch Kossuth from his head upon his paws, a saber cut on his brow, bayo- us. You must transform them from' slaves into serfs, penetrating into the very heart of the State. It seemsthe vengeance o* 1*,w^^.^progress in civilizing a race till von give them homee; smellmg-, -and finally one of them yelped out: * Mr. have it; if yon want half a century, you can have it. tillyouprotectthesanctityoftnehome,aaweheldit"power.Thelightninghasitspower,andthewhirl-nTM11'wasthe°Idwar-horsethatpasturedonthe ButIinsistthatthissystemmustultimatelybeextin-Amongotheroutrage*,agentlemanwritingfromCora, cbould be protected in regard to these Mormons on t1h"e " wind has its power, and the earthquake has its "Western Reserve with you in this expedition7" guished. There ia no question about it. You who ad-1 , ,->.IIf Slavery is right in Virginia, it is right in Kansas. If beings [laughter on the Democratic aide], on the3tis"wronginKanea.*,itiswrongeverywhere.Now, groundthathewasinfinitelysuperior,andthatthey cedeit;andaaaFederallaw-maker,Iconcedethat "cerelybelieve,wewillhangyou." IfamechanicSir, in regard to the first point—the inferiority of the were an inferior race, the States have the right to sport this fungus of from a Free State goes there aud utters the sentimenttjrctrUeaaa,fromIUinow«b*U»pe*kliomhi*seat. therbolowtheplaneoftheChristumcivilizationof giveshomestothenegroeshecarriesfromtheSouth thiaConstitution,withourfreeinstitutions—areour -[Renewedlaughter.]Youraffectionatesister, AMI3S8.JLAND.«Yet, they say.tion or injury. Y et, they say, " if you comeTHETWINRELICSOFBARBARISM.manrrom.ffiiaoiswasnotinbisBeatwh£>.fw*? speak*>g.Hecannot,andheshallnot,crossth*?hallChrifitoanizedinthiscitysincethesessionofCongress. civilizedworldwillsnuffitintheair,and'it will thatappearedoftIhestageinthattragedyStatubegin- notthinkGodwouldfeelbad;AndwdttMnottheraroh- ibyfceirtgr^whippedandsenttothegarret,andfound returnwithawfulretributiononthebeadsofthose ningtoend—from$»etimeheenteredthearnxorythere angolstrembleatthechivalry7[Benewedlaughter^,,„., •-— e>———«PBECH OF THE BOH. OWES 10YW0Y, or rrxxieors.In the Hon* of Jteprttcniatives, April 5, 1860. !>The Hou*e being in the Con^aittee of the Whole on the State of the Union*—Mr.LOTXJOTsaid:Mr.Chairman—TheHousehasJbeen occupied for several days in the discussion of thesubject ef polygamy. The Eepublicaa pwty, of which2 am a member, stand* pledged since 1866 to the ex-termination,tofarastheFederalGovernmenthasthe commitabreachoftherulesoftheHouse;ifhedoes,Violatorsofnaturallawanduniversaljustice. Ican- tothetimewhentewasstrangledby Governor Youmaycallthisextravagant;btrtyoucannomoranot say when; or in what form; but depend upon it, " Fnseation." [Geneiai laughter.] He waf. not perpetuate Slavery, and will no more dissolve this 1- if such acts take place, then Slavery must look out for guilty of murder or trea»on. H e did unquestionably union, in order to•perpetuate it, thaa you caa stopthathe consequences. Sir, before the public sentiment of violate the statute against aiding slaves to escape; btct shining of the sun, or the ripple of the 9eas the descentpowtx,ofthetwinrelicsofb#xfcarism--SIaveryand ^Polygamy. They have this power In the Territories ofthe Uaited States.Jfow, Sir, as w e anticipate a death-blow has beengiven to one of these twins, I propose to pay my re- npeetstotheother. Iwanttoseethemstrangledand 5go down together, as they both richly deserve.Mr. Coaa—-I rise to a question of order.The CHAIKMA*—The gentleman will state his ques- tion of order.Mr. Con»—I was going to raise a question of order *pon the right of the gentleman to discus) the question *f£ tbe "twin relics," under the new rule we have ildopted. However, I will not iaterforo; the gentle- j&Ati may go on with his speech., Mr. LorsjroT—-I am entitled to the floor; I do not yield, to the genUemitn; and I will proceed with my remarks within my hour, with the gentlemen's per-jsfcetoa, or without it.Mr. &ri.*yv*--.Z would be g\*d to know what is thetiens properly involved in the bill itiieli are sufficiently' The SPEAKER.—The Chair, desirea gentlemen to take comprehend re, in my judgment, to command the en- their seats.horrid to hold men in Slavery. I know it is horrid to doom four million human beings to the condition of ohattels, to be held pro nvllis. pro mortuit, prpqua&rw- pedis, taken for no persons, for dead persons, for four- footed boasts—men as much entitled to freedom as you and I. Sir, theteatimony of all religious societies inlaws have the same moral power and force that rules for he knows ho fear. I say, you can do anything that among pirates have for the distribution of their booty; other men can do. You can preserve and^ perpetuatorm<i«nftandmg of the Cfiair, and of the Chairman ofthe Committee of Ways and He>aiis, ae to what is to bethe course of discus*ion upon this bill, whother the•'twinroHcs"arehiorderornot,orwhetherthedis- [Criesof"Sitdown!""Sitdown!"fromallaidesof cussion ia to be confined to the bill it#elf ? The queo- the House.]tire attention of the Committee, and I think we should eonflnethe discusdon strictlytoit. Whenweareall in the Oommictet* of the Whole on the state of tho Union upon the President'^. Message, the geitfJoman from Illinois will be strictly in order. 1 hrtve no special interest about the matter, except that if the question is to be opened to this general dincos^ion, I am afraid the whole time wP.l be Uk«n up with it, and the important subjects connected with the bill itselfoverlooked.Mr. SwumAK—I will state that, as I understand it,the debate may be as general upon this bill in its pres-Mr. BARKSDALE—No,Sir; you stand there to-day an Mr. BOCOCK—I, for one, will do so with pleasure, infamous, perjured villain. [Calls to order*]and every slave mother has just as good a title to her ing the little finger of American Slavery was thicker babe as "Fanny Forrester" had to hers. No laws can than the lions of British despotism. Sir, Virginia can- make it right to rob her. I eay, in God'a name, m y not afford, the country cannot afford, to continue aent cooditlcu as upon the Presidents Message. It is'within the power of the House,,however, at any time, front of the Speaker's chair, and resumed their eeat3.brother on the banks of the Mississippi twenty yearsago; and what then 7 I am here to-day, thank God,xo vindicate the principles baptized in his blood. Y oumay shed hia blood; and what jthen? A Republican in spite of your Slave laws. I tell you, Mr. Chairman, events, are not these expressions of rage and ven- party will spriug up in Kentucky and in all the Slave and I tell you all, that if I were a slave, and had I the geance. Instead of being stimulated to revenge, Vir- States ere long; and these Disunionists and gentlemenrupted, that I am aw*uo -Jo-tt the practical question presented to this House and to the country, is whether Slavery shall be extended beyond its present limits; as that is the only question over which they have exclu-that proceedings can go on, the Chairman of the Com- mittee will resume the chair.time in his life, he held that the Constitution ought, to be trodden under foot 7Mr. LOVEJOY—Never, Sir; never. I always de- fended it, and always will, whether it be against the Democrats who pervert it, or the Disunionists who trample onit.Mr. MCCLERNAND—Hthe gentleman says he never said so, I am not prepared to contradict' him, for I know nothing, personally, about it; but I had under- stood that the gentleman once uttered thia language:Slave States as against Slavery, I am in favor of,and I expect to see it accomplished. What is the ob- jection to the book 7 The objection is that a citizen of the United States, an American citizen, addressed him- self to his fellow-citizens, in a peaceful way, through the press, and for this you fina fault with him and say that he must be hanged, and that any man who signed a recommendation for the circulation of his book is a " blighting, blasting, burning, withering curse," and must not occupy that chair. I want to know if it has come to thia ? Haa not an American citizen a right to apeak to an American citizen 7 I want the right of ut- tering what I say here in Richmond. I claim the rightWho steals, when a man comes and takes my childfrom my hearthstone ? .W ho steals, when he comesand takes the babe, fleeh of m y flesh, and bone of m ybone 7 Who steals 7 I tell you that I have no morehesitation in helping a fugitive slave than I have insnatching a lamb from the jaws of a wolf, or disengag-ing an infant from the talons of an eagle. Not a bit. Now that this case ia concluded, and all the chief Long enough has the nation crouched and coweredcln facts at hand, it is well to call attention to some pecu- the presence of this stupendous wrong. Here and now liar ciicumatanceB connected with the affair.I break the spell, a n d disenchant t h e Kepublic from By reason of an insane jealousy, Land, a resident of the incantation oi this accursed sorceress. It is simplya question whether it will pay to go down into the den Princess Anne County, Virginia, shot his brotber-ia- where the wolf is. [Laughter.] If you would Only l*w. He then, for the sake of securing or assistingMr SHERMAN—We are now in very good order, and I think w e had better proceed and give the gentleman sive jurisdiction. And if Slavery wero contented to re- from Illinois an opportunity to finish his speech. I main restricted, and find its future where it now move that the House resolve itself into the Committee Is, we might perhaps forbear this discussion. But of the.Whole on the state of the Union, and I hopeMr. LOVEJOY—I have no doubt of it. [Here the hammer fell]•when it if proposed to extend what is termod an insti- every gentleman will keep his seat. •tution—but which is not an institution: which is 8'inply The Si'EAKER—Order having been restored, thethat its ethios are no longer to be discussed; that they were settled ages ago by the Ststgirite vf Greece, and i»ve been reaffirmed and reettaDlished by the chanti- cleer Solon of Ohio, in rhetoric georgeons as BUnset'sgo into your lair, and crunch the bones and tear, the bythepeopleoftheUnitedStates,notbyaanperan- aidoftheGeneralGovernmenttoprotectme,asan fleehofyourvictims,wemightletyoualone,butyouhis own acquittal, induced hia wife to make a written statement in the form of a confession, by which it w a s made to appear that the murdered brother-in-law. had—m—'-+*v*"^*""^"*5^?^•••• •/:to thir. sjJein a menacing manner. H e shall not, levthe consequences be what they will. He most epeak tare.from hie seat.Mr. GROW—I move that the Committee rise.The CHAIRMAN—Gentlemen must resume their Beats.Mr: Cox—Let the gentleman from Illinois take his seat.A. DEMOCRATIC MEMBER—Where does that attthcr- ity come Iran 7. '%Mr. WASHnrjRrrj; (111;)—Letb eseated,Mr.LOVEJOY—Idonotknowwhetherreligiousrifcea theChristianandcivilized world,Iproposetoholdup nobloodwas shed, exceptbythepanic-etrickenmul- ofrain,ortheblowingofthewind;ay,!,mf morethaa were had o r not. I suppoee some Pro-SIayery prieat to universal reprobation this practice of slaveholding. titude, till Stevens waa fired upon while waving a flag you can subdue the ocean, when i t lashea itself iata waa invited in to utter impious prayers before Cfod that I propose to hold it up in all its atrocity, in all its hide, of truce. The only murder wastbatof Thompson, fury and dashes ito crested mountain billow* ag*ia*$ the last flagellation might/have whipped in Christi- oneness, just as gentlemen have been holding up the who was snatched from the heroic protection of a the rocks. Itr ia as prepoeteroas to thiok.^f taking anity enough to Eave lier precious and n'evor-dying practice of polygamy, and reprobating it; and, Sir, weman, and riddled with balls at the railroad bridge. Slavery down through the civilization of the ages as K fcoul.[Laughter.] Andnow,alarmed, a goodblaok thatpublicsentiment ofthe civilizedworldwillburn Despotismhasseldomsacrificed three nobler vioiims istothinkoffloatinganiceberg through the^rbpisa.Mr. KKi.r.ono (111.)—I say to gentlemen that my col- league shall speak; that he is in order, and will nota alave funeral ( Is that treating them like brutes 7 hasten on. I want to come to a few things that have been under discussion during the inchoate condition oftion—and I do not know why gentlemen I am willing to concede that you are aa brare>as other men; although I do not think you show & needtakeoffense;theyneednotunlesstheychoose— bvthisabusivelanguage;becausebravemenare>myhonestconvictionis,thatalltheseslaveholding alwayscalmandself-possessed. Godfeelsnoaager,Iwillbethefirsttorebukehim;butheshallhavehia rights according to the rules of the Houee, and in no- wise shall they be abridged or interfered with. H e shall b e heard upon this floor, and a t this time.Mr. BRIOOS—Then let him go upon his own Bide.Lookintothecoffin!Lookintothecarriage!"Yoa'the.House,whilethisHallwasechoingwithululations eaythisishorrid. Iknowitishorrid. Iicnowitis thatwouldhavedrownedthelupinechorusoftheAlps,until gentlemen take their seate.Mr. BURNETT—Then, let everybody take his seat,and let order be enforced.The SPEAKER—Gentlemen will take their seats,without distinction.Members gradually withdrew from the open araa instruction of it. I t i8 aa well known aa a n y historical fact can be known, ihat the framers of the Constitution so worded it aa that it never should recognize the idea of slave property, from the beginning to the ending of it. But the advocates of Slavery have affirmed a strange doctrine in regard to the Constitution. They think that because I awore to aupport the Conatitution, I swore to support the practice of slaveholding. Sir, slaveholding in Virginia is no more under the controlexpect to see it done before very long. You may kill proves the right of every human being to his. The nessof this nation cannot be sacrificed to this system oi Caseins M. Clay, as you threaten to do; but." the argument that proves my right to my children gives crime. The nations of the earth are taught by our blood of the martyrs is the seed of the church " Y ou the same title, the same sacred claim, to every father. example. The American Republic must repose may shed his blood, as yon shed the blood of my They, as I, get it from their God, and no human enact- Queen among.tho nations of the earth. Slavery mustto make the bill a special order; after which, debate Ord<-r being at length restored,must bs confined strictly to the question under consid- Mr. WASHBURN of Maine (Chairman of the Commit-eration If it be the pleasure of the Honse, I propoee, tee), said—In the Committee of the Whole on the or guarantee of the Constitution, than Slavery in?ower, and were it necessary to achieve my freedom, ginia ought to have learned the lesson, of penitence. would not hesitate to fill up and bridge over the Instead of arraying herself in sheep's gr&y, she oughtin the course of about a week, to submit that motion to the House.The CHAIRMAN—The Chair supposes that general •debate la in order upon this hill, the House now being In the Committee of the Whole on the state of theX'nfor, and no special order pending.Mr. LOTXJOT—I was about to say, when inter- mitee statea that if order is likely to be preserved, sothe Helper book, for I have not studiedman ! Give him h's libwty! He is entitled to it from his God. With these views, I do not think, of course,Btate of the Union disorder arose, which prevented the transaction of business, and the Chair was com- pelled to call the Speaker to the chair, and to report the facts to the House.Cuba^ or Brazil, or any other part of the world, is nuuer the control or guarantee of the Constitution— not one par tide.chasm tbatyawns between the hell of Slavery and the heaven of Freedom with the carcasses of the slain.to have put on sackcloth tmd ashes. Instead of imbib- iDg the distillation of corn, mixed with the products of the poultry-yard, she ought to have drunk the water* of bitternets, in view of her sin of slaveholding,Mr. MARTIN (Va.)—And if you come among us, w e will do with you aa we did with John Brown—hang you up as'high as Hainan. I say that as a Virginian..doctrine* would not he a disgrace. [Laughter.] If the from that infiltration—. TB&rovg of the earth are to enslave the weak here, it Mr.-SINGLETON—I wish to know if the gentleman distinctly andI decidedly, it cannot be done. This isretrocession toward barbarism.Several MXMHJCKS.—That LBwhat he said before. Mr.LOVKJOY—Sir,ifyoustepintotheSmithsoniancountry. Freedom is the Isaac; Freedom is. the heir Woodhouse, who advised him to leave: and h e come home'and told me to get ready, as he was going to Norfolk. Ho waa aa kind•v«' ^^UTtJi^i' ^^YdKnl DAILY MffitJNBi^*^*,«-^.«*.-.BIMY^APRIE l l I860.AThe CHAIRMAN—The Chair oaUs the Committee toorder; and if gentlemen do not- come to order, he willcalltheSpeakertothechairandreportthedisorderto theSlaveStateaisthatthealaveaarestillheathen,andthat regulations among robbers have for the division of their spoils; and although I do not believe gentle- men have behaved very handsomely'to me,I am going to, add, notwithstanding, that I do not mean to saythis system, if any equal number of men could do it j but the stars in their courses are fighting against you; God, in his providence, is fighting against yotus Th«the House.Mr. FLORENCE—I move that the Committee rise.It is impossible to quell the disturbance without do- ing BO.The CHAIRMAN—The Speaker will take the chair. The Chairman (Mr. Washburn, Me.) vacated theChair, and the Speaker resumed it.The SPIAKKR—The Chair calls the Houee to order.I deBire gentlemen of the House to take their seats. Mr. FLORENCE—Every one, npon either and allit is a n utter impossibility t o Christianize them a n d civilize them b y this proceas.. T h e third point that is relied on to justify slaveholding is, that it is constitu- tional—that it is guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States. Now, Mr. Chairman, I have heard it declared over and over again that the Constitution guarantees Slavery. I deny it. In no article, in no eection, in no line, in no word, in no syllabic, can there beany, recognition or sanction of human slavery found in the Constitution of the United Statea. I t is hot there. It always recognizee human beings as persons, and rever a8 property. It does not use the woai, " alave" or," slavery." Why, Sir, when I came up.to take the oath to aupport the Conatitution, a whiapered buzz, half in earnest and half jocular, passed around: " H o w "can Lovejoy swear to aupport the Constitution 7" How can he take the oath ?" I could take the oath to being held amenable to gentlemen upon this floor, aupport the Constitution, because I believe in the Coa- or anywhere else. That is my answer in gregardatiiution? because I hold to it, because m y heart ia loyal to it. Every part and parcel and portion of it I believein;butIdonotbelieveintheconstructionput upon it b y thoee who claim its recognition and sanc- tion of the practice of slaveholding.right you can come and make me a slave 7 I want to liberty through all the land, to all the inhabitant know by what right you can- say that my child shall thereof, and the exodus of the slave wiU be through be your slave 7 1 want to know by what right you the Bed Sea. It is a well-known physiologicaleidefl.Mr. JOHN has it not?^COCHRANE—TheCommitteeh a srisen;her from God through the martyrdom of maternity 7 Hearthatsoftexquisitewarbleofamother'slove:. " Ere lost year's sun had left the «ky, Abirdllagsought myIndianneat.And folded, a h ! so lovingly,Its tiny iringv npon m y breast."Now where is the wretch who would dare to go upand even of generations, a s streams disappear a n d guah outata distant.point. Itisalso-wellknown that the Saxon oiood is being infiltrated into the blood oftheenslaved. ByandbysomeMarionwillbefoand calling his guerrilla troops from the swamps and ever- gladts of South Carolina; and Patrick Henry ifill re appear in the Old Dominion, shouting^ as of old, (C Give us liberty, or give us death V* Then will trans- pire thoae scenes which troubled the prophetic vision of Jefferson, and made him tremble for his coxntry,The SPEAKER—The Chair requesti gentlemen to re- spect the authority of the House, and take iheir seats.Mr. BARKSDALE—Order that black-hearted scoun- drel and nigger-stealing thief to take his seat, and this side of the House will do it.ing the circulation of any and every book, withoutMr. MCQUEEN—We will allow nobody to come over from that eide of the House and bully us on th<s aide.to it. I have more than that to say. I.say nothingabout some points in the book. I have no doubt thatthereisconsiderablebombastandfustianandviolenceof language in it, because the author was educated ina Slave State, and the rhetoric which cornea from thatquarter is apt to have these characteristic8. [Laugh- missionary 7 No, it was because ahe was its MOTHKR; gling bondmen. And he justined the uprising, by say- ter.] But the philosophy—the gist of the book—istill;promptly, when, the Speaker requires it. I only ask that everybody shall do so. I think this whole matter can be settled, if the gentleman speaking and every other gentleman will take his seat.Mr.BuRNKTT—I rise to a privileged question.The SPEAKER—The Chair cannot recognise anybody, because I believe in it. I do not believe in their con-what7 ItistheaddresBofacitizen of a SlaveStateto his fellow-citizens in regard to the subject of Slav-ery,recommendinginsubstancetheorganizationofa childismine;andyetIhavenorighttominethataalave practicefraughtwith?omuchofperil. Itisbetterta Republican party in North^ Carolina and in all the father has not to"his child. Not a particle. The same remove the magazine, than to be kept evermore hmMr. MCCLERNAND—I wish to ask the gentleman Mr. ELY—I move that the House do now adjourn. whether he has always held that the Constitution de-Mr. LOVXJOY—Mr. Chairman, I desire to violate no rule of the House.Mr. BOYCE—Then behave yourself.might say that where robbery will pay, robbery will cheerfully yield; if not, I claim the right to choose m y every human being within its exclusive jurisdiction. ment aa compared with a Republican form of Govern-but by the people of the United States, to establish I can go to England to-day, and in London, or any- justice, secure the blessingaof Liberty for themselves where else, discuss the question of Church and State; oldiogwillgo. Preciselyuponthesameprinciple^vo Speaker'schair,oranyportionofit?Ifso,I-will andtheirposterity,andtosecurethenaturalrightsof IcandiscuesthequestionofamonarchicalROvern-Mr. LOVEJOT—-I wish to learn whether it is a viola- flow. We are told that where Slavery will pay, s!av*- tion of the rules to occupy this Bpace in front of theMy time is passing; I must go on. I wanted tosay terribly outraged her. After thia statement had gonego; where piracy will pay, piracy wDl go; and where adipose human fleeh is cheaper th=in that of beeves, oannibalism wid go, because it wilt pay. Sir. than robbery, than piracy, than polygamy, Blaveholding is rrorsCf-more criminal, mora injurious to man, and con- sequently more uffwneive to God. 81aveho)ding hasjbeenjustlydesignated asthesumofallvillainy. Put a*very crime perpetrated among men into a moral cru- cibi», and dissolve and combbe them all, and the re-own position. Therefore I love it. These men can perceive nothing ment. I can do thia anywhere in England, but I can- The CHAIRJIAN—The Chair understands that the in the Constitution but Slavery. A young man leads not go into a Slave State and open my lips in regard toconsiderable more about John Brown. *Mr. ADRAiif—I propose that we give the gentlemanmore time.Mr. LOVEJOY—-I will answer all questions if theHouse will give me more time. [Cries of " N o ! no I" " Give him time," &c. jforth, Mrs. Land was much troubled with remorse for the step ahe had thus taken; moreover, haunted with the thought, that h e r sacrifice of truth a n d personal feeling might be, after all, without avail to save her husband, ahe prepared a letter of retraction, which shesultant amalgam is alavehoidirg. of robbery.A if KXBSK—Ton are joking.It has the violencemy sentiments to free citizens like myself.Mr. MILES—Canyon go. to England and incite the laboring classes to murder the aristocracy, orto assassi-viction. *> I '••"**Mis. Land was admitted to testify on the trial of her husband, and proceeded to tell nearly the same story asrules require that every gentleman shall apeak froma blushing bride tothe altar, and takea the marital vow before God a n d attendant witnesses, to love, cherish, and protect h e r . There aba-...atanHo-r*fc». ^v^»—»«*the question of SlaverythanHaman. Mr.LOVEJOY—1cannotgotoaSlaveStateandutter!.Mr.BURNETT—Thegentlemanhasarighttodothat. thingthatGodhaafashionedandplaced uponearth-hia seat.Mr. CURTIS—Or from the Clerk's desk.time7DuTnot~8"uc"ha mean",' <Te~spica6fe^wrSfecn*as1 taTMr.LOVEJOT. WhentheJewscouldnotdoanything makeitpubliconly in the eventof Mr.Land'scon-Mr. MCCLERNAND—Let him speak from the Clerk's desk.Mr, ASHLEY—It has been the habit of gentlemen to come into the aisle and choose their own position.Mr. ADRAIN—It is a very bad habit, and w e had bet- ter change it.else they spit upon Christ, and said he was possessed ofa devil. JLaughter.] One of the earliest settlementsof Virginia was made by a fugitive slave. John Smithwas captured in war and sold to a high-toned, chival-rous Turk, and put at the task of threshing. The mas- she had before made known in the written statement.Mr. LIOTJUOT—No, Sir; I am speaking in dead earn«M*>befor* <ekxl, Ooa'» o w ntruth. It hasthe rioWoco©f robbery, the blood and cruelty of piracy j it haa.th*on*ercMve and brutal rusts of polygamy, all combinednndconcentrated initself,with aggravations thatxieither one of these crimes ever kne w or dreamed of.2»Tow, Mr. Chairman, the justification of SUvery isplaced,sofaxas1know,mainlyupon tho»-e grounds:«he inferiority of the enslaved race; the fact that en-slavingmenimpartsChristianityandcivilizationto returned—Mr.Chairman,IwasaboutBtating,whenin-them;and,thirdly,theguarantiesoftheConstitution. terrupted,thattheprincipleuponwhichslaveholdingThese are the three main arguments presented to jus- was sought to be justified m this country would, if car-tify Slavery, axd conseqnentJy to justify its expansion. ried out m the affairs of the universe, transform Jeho-And, by the way, I hold that th3 extreme men, as they vah, the Supreme, into an infinite -Juggernaut, rollingarecalled,onthisquestion,aretheonlymenwhohave thehugewheelsofhisomnipotence,ankle-deep,amid thhogewhichareallegedtobeinit,butinspiteof the logic ef it. I am right, or the lire-eatere are right. the cruehed and Bangled andbieeding bodies of humandesire to incite such things anywhere else; but I do claim the right of discussing thia question of Slavery anywhere, on any square foot of American soil over which the stars' and stripes float, and to which the privileges and immunities of the Constitution extend.Institution orintothePatent Office;youwillfindim-plements of husbandry imported XrOm Japan and gives homes— ,, *seatstodorderwrestoredinthohall. plantations. Now,Sir,thetruthis,thatthepractice Mr.SINGLETON—Iwanttoanswerthegentleman'sMr. Cox—I rise to a point of order. I insist that the of blaveholding drags rlaveholding. communities fur- question by asking him another. I want to know if he And are w e in the xiineteenth century? living underalittleadvice. [Laughter.] ItellyouIloveyouall. reUken. Thisisalltrue,andIwishittoboahowaaftertha trial, if be i* not acquitted.••'*the-HoueegatheredintheareaaboutMr.LovHoyandinthetightofthochurch,usonewaatakenoatno "world." .fore. InregardtoJohnBrc-wn,youwantmetocrfraehim. I will, not curae John "Brown; You want ana downward, through the warm climates. Theaun ecalped, and his body mutilated in the most horribleMr. Jhryor, and there was increased confusirn.j Mr.JOH'KCOCHRAWS—ImovethattheCommittee rise, as It is the only way w e can get rid of this dis-Jong ago in the State of Tennessee, by a Presbyterian elder andlaiddownonhiefaceonthegronod,hi* hands and feet expended to their utmost tenaion, and tied to pickets, snd the Gospel whipped into him with"ThoAvontoth«Sarernruns; Th« Si-vetu to th« s«<a;And WlcklittVa dait Wiedl spread abroad Wide aa the waters bo."metopour.outexecrationsupontheheadofold ehineBandmeltsit;theBoftwindsblowonandmeltOsawatamie. Though all the slaveholding Balaks In it; the fains descend and melt it; the water ripples the country fill their houses with silver, and proffer it,, round it and melts it; and then these wild vis-IwillnotcurseJohnBrown.Idohoneatlvcondemn ionaries,whofanciedtheycouldsailanioebenrmanner. Theothertwomenmadetheirescape. Neither of the three had any arms. After killing Fore- man, the Indiana crossed the Leon, and rode up to JohnBnggett'ahonae.caughttwoofhiachildren,a boy 12 and a girl 10 jeara old, stripped then*, 'andturbance.Mr.Porrxa^—IdonotbelievethatBideoftheHouse thebroadsideofahand-saw,discoloredwhelksofTocontinuethequotationwithadifferentap-t piicatioL and a slight variation of the language, Ican say vlirre a member shall speak; and they shall joot say it.Mr. SIXOT^TOK—The gentleman from Illinois shall not make that speefeh upon this wide of the House.Mr. BURKXTT—There is a rule of this House whichsanctification being raised bet ween the teeth overy timeCt&4'Utthemorning,withbloodoozingfromnoseandMr. ASHMORE—Yea, he is a perjurei villain; and he eijurcs himself every hour he occupies a aeat on thiar-yism..'?• gss»js US*].; -crrcqulrtiReachmantespeakfromhisseai. The_gentle- n^r« ^OTEJor—Chriatiaalsedaaayoung^jrlrlwas itwillmixwiththewsteraoftheocean;thewhole standsheadaoAahotildeniaboveanyo^»«rcharacter rottofoundationstone." [Greatlaughter.] Dey«othersMr. POTTXR—The gentleman from Illinois >can* walnut coffin is made and decorated with white rib- upon this practice of Slavery, and ultimately secure than Brown, Stevens', and Hazlitt. Aa I remarked, It is the order of things. I am willing to concede thatandletmycolleagueproceed. .takecareofhimselfwithouttheassistanceoftheother eide.bons,andplacedinthehearse,followed/byahack itsremovalintheonlyproperway—bytheactionof Mr.Ciairman,thisbringsustoconfrontSlavery, youcandoanythingthatanyequalnomfeerot contaicingjIpreBume,themurderess;andmyattention theSlaveStatesthemselves. ThatiswayIdiscusait; and ask what right this Caliban has upon men can achieve. I did mean to taunt yo*iBcalled to the cortege: " See, Mr. Lovejoy, there is Mr. Chairman, my time is passing away, and I must earth 7 I eay no right. My honest convic- about Harper's Ferry, but I believe X wftf not.Soor. [Renewedcallatoorder.]Mr. SINGLETON—And a negro-thief into the bargain.Mr. LOVEJOY—I awore to support the Constitution, other Slave Statea. I hope to see that done; and I argument that proves my right to nry*personal liberty dread oi a lighted match. Thefuture glory and useful-every expression; but the philosophy of the Mr. WASHBURN (Me.)—The Chairman of ttie Com- served to be austained and accepted—whether, at any book, the idea of organizing a party in theit is any harm to help away a slave. year ago. I need not repeat it.A MEMBER—" Tcu steal them."I told, you that an practice—the question*naturally ariaes, what is ths Speaker will leave the chair, and the Chairman of the that " the Constitution waa a piece of rotten parch-. nature, what are the influences, and what are the ele- Committee will take it. mentsofthispractice7andwhatwilltheyprovetobe Mr. WASHBURN (Me.) resumed the chair; and an-if allowed expansion ? I fun a*rare it has been stated nounced that the gentleman from Illinois waa entitled Tttp&k th« floor that the morale of Slavery is settled; to the floor." ment that ought to be trodden under foot."Mr. LOVEJOY—Yes; that waa thrown in my face'! IS'once before here, and I denied it. It never had the to say what I eay here in Charleston. least foundation in truth. I alwaya defended the Con- Mr. BONHAM—You had better try it.atitution, because it waa for Liberty. I t was ordained * Mr. LOVEJOY—Yes, Sir. I am going to invoke thenuated old mummy of a Judge—and a Jesuit at that— American citizen, in my rights as an American citizen.will not. Y ou claim the right to go with this flesh in your teeth all over our Territories. We deny it.whom yon. see BOviolent now will be displaced bymore moderate, and—if I may say so without beingoffensive—more sensible men. I believe in that doc-trine. I do not indorse every expression in Give me my freedom! Hands off I Unthrottle.thatradiant in the beauty of youth; her cheek glowingwith the color of the rose, which expands and fadesaway into.that of the lily; her eyes aparkling like thestars from the depths of "blue, a n d h e r treasea fallingaround her neck like the locks of the morning. Is themole on that fair round neck, or the wart on thatplump, soft hand, THE WOMAN whom the bridegroomsworetoloveandcherish? Say,Sir,isit? SothereistheCoxu>t5t«tion—-instinct with Freedom, radiant with theprinciples of universal liberty, seizing the inspired ut-terancesofourMagna Charta,andreducingthemto UnderthatConstitution,whichguaranteestomefree tledJamestowD. OhforaSouth-sidepreachertoad- practical and prganicrealiz'ation. Now, Sir, I insist thatnate the Queen ?Mr. LOVEJOY—I have no desire to, nor have I anyter rode up to the barn-door ene day, and said, "Jack, The letter just referred to w a s then produced in Court yourascal,whydon'tjouthreshfaster?",.Jack—hor- forthepurposeofcontradictinghertestimony,.ItwaationtotheConstitutionwhichIsweartosupport,than aSlaveState,inwhichtheyareinthohabitofapeak- slaveholder,hastogowithslavesintothecommon thoexcrescenceonthehandorneckdoestothewoman ingofthelaboringclaasesintheNorthernStatesaa TerritoriesoftheUnitedStates. Youtalkaboutthewhezn the bridegroom vowed tolove and cherish. H e "greaay mechanics," "filthy operatives,", "amaJl- loveshernotfor thesethitgs,butinspiteofthem. So " fisted farmers," and they jeer at us as worse I love the Constitution, not in censeq^uence of these than Slaves. This insulting language can be, andsportanexcrescenceonherhandifahechose.1con* *'hereandutter.theeentimentBwhichyousin-Mr. GARTRELL (in hia seat)—The man ia crazy. Slavery, because it is bevond my reach. But time rolls that he thinks—if they had more white laborers and Mr. LOVEJOY—The second ground upon which it is away. This youthful pair have years of middle age fewer black oneB, that labor in the South woald beenslaved race. W e may concede it as a'matter of factthat it is inferior; but does it follow, therefore, that itIsrighttoenslaveamansimplybecauseheisinferior7dhis, to me, is a most abhorrent doctrine. It would it is a mode of imparting Christianity and civilization parent stem. The woman haa gone mad. She gloatsT»!acetheweakeverywhereatthemercyofthestrong; totheslaves. Mr.Chairman,Iwouldliketoknow overtheexcrescencewhichhaaspreadandcoversher youdrivetheknottedthong,bythehandofaslave, inthatofslavelabor. Thefreesystemaccommodates withNt:chonaccusation.the doctrine of devils as well, and there is no place in Christianity, in spite of the unhappy influences of theuniverseoutsidethefivepointsofhellandtheDena- slaveholding,theSlaveStateeto-daywouldbeasfar ccxatlc party where the practice and prevalence of such back in barbarism as the Stateof Mexico. It is aimplyabout your hand, because I took you for better or for worse,andIthoughtitoneofyourindividualrights, whichIwasnotatlibertytodisturb. Butifyoupro- pose to transfer this deformity to the daughters, I sayattemptedtojustifySlavery,crslaveholding,is,that uponthem. Oliveplantshavesprunguparoundtnemorerespectable—whatdoyondowithhim7De- nude him, scourge him, and, to intensify the indignity,thiscountry. Therearetwenty-eightmiilioisin-terested in the system of free labor, and two millions true before I married bim. I was astonished; I didn't know thatmwculdplacethepooratthem'jrcyoftherich;it howBlaveholdingcommunitiescan'impartthatof entire-hand. Sheexclaims"Husband,thisisa •wouidplacethosethataredeficientinintellectatthe whichthsyarenotinthepossession.Thetruthisthatdearsweet darling,a realloveofawart, mercy of those that are gifted in mental endo wmeut. the practice of slaveholding has a powerful tendency and I want to ingraft it on the hands of all ourThe frhxdple of enslaving human beings because to drag communities back to barbarism. It is actuallyheeversuspectedsuch,and a*ksd bim why did he brandme deepinhisquiveringflesh;thentarandfeatherhim; semeeightmillionaintheSlaveStateabetterthanthe Itoldbimthat1couldprovetohimthecontrarybytwoofmyandthenputhimonthecars,stillnaked,tobesenta slavesystem.Hereisthepoint.IfSlaverygoes aikters.lie«aidhebelievedthatMr.Flannaganwasthem&a into the Territories, free labor cannot go there. The that had wronged him: and I told him that Mr. Flannagan hadlong distance, and threaten with violence the man who always treated me with kindness, and never said anything dla* has the compassion to give him a cup of coffee. And, presence of Slavery without any local law for the pur- respectful to me in his life; It seemed that Walter waa almo&tffi'r-( a t.havingthateffectupontheSlaveStatesofthisUnion;daughters. I had it when I waa married; you vowed toprotectme,andIclaimtherighttotransferit to all the children. .H you do not, I will go totheyareInferioristhis:Ifamanisacripple,triphimBp; if he is old and weak, and bowed with the weightotyears,strikehim,forhecannotstrikebuck;if gonefromFreeStutesandintermarriedintheSlave Indianaandgetadivorce.Iwilldissolvethe 5diotio,takeadvantageofhim,andifachild,deceive States;andwereItnotforthoeenoblewomen,ofthejbim. Tbie, Sir, this is the doctrine of Democrats, and S'ave States; $bftt preserve womanly purity and plies, " My dear, I have indulged you in this whimfii.ally,afterbeingjeeredateverystationalongtheroute, this victim of your cruelty a free aitizen, crawla ?goseistheexclusionoffreelabor.Ifyoutake insane. Hewaswalkingandthrowinghimselfallabouttho house. On the 17th, in the morning, I started to goto Mr. laverythere,IcannotgotherewithTHEN.Y.Flannagan'*toteEhiswifeofmytroubl.s,buthewouldhotletand v»ere it not lor the Christian women that haveunion between us." The husband, calm and firm, re-intoastableandbega,8tealthilybega,thecaat-off TRIBUNE,TheEveningPost,TheIndependent, or mego,andhecaughtuphisgunandloadedit.Iaskedhim clothes of an oatler to hide his nakedness. You drive any eimilar paper, religious or secular. I cannot go what he intended to do, but h e made n o reply. After h e loadedaway young ladies that go to teach school;. imprison with the minister I desire to hear preach the gospel. the gun be sat down, and I sat in his lap and told him that I too* or exile preachers of the Goepel; and pay your debte a virtuous girl, and was surprised at him tbinking otherwise. IFreeschoolscannotgothere. Yousay,indeed,we alsotoldbunIwouldforgivehimforhiaconducttowardme. by raising the mad-dog cry of Abolition against the can go. Yes; so all may go to a public house. It is He sat in the house some time, and then kiased m e and wentagentaofyourcredUora. commontoallwhochoosetomakeittheirtemporary out. Iaakadbimwherehewaagoing,andhesaid"intha Mr. BARKSDALE—The meane8t alave in the South is abode. All are invited to the table d'hote. The land- field."vIt w w late in the e«vening before h« came back, and ho brought woold justify angels in enslaving men, because they intends to cast any insinuation or slur on the women of my prerogative, and I must exercise it." So I say to your superior. [Cries of "Order!" from the Repub- lord opens the doors of the dining hall, and says, me a pieoe ofpaper. Said be had been to aee H. M. vVoodhoase,£>ie superior; and archangels in turn would be i notified In subjugating those who are inferior in intellect and politics, and ultimately it woald transform Jehovah into a a infinite Juggernaut, rolling the huge wheels of ij* Omnipoieace——iMr. icy*?0? fi*d advanced into the area, and occu- pied the space fronting the Democratic benches.]lican side]Mr. MARTIN (Va.)—I hope gentlemen from the SouthSlavery tothe Territories, and thus fasten it upon thedaughtera of the Republic, " My deara, it cannot bedone." I say, therefore, Mr. Chfdrman, that there is listen to him." Walk in gentlemen;" but if a man sitting there ialeprous, dripping with a contagious disease, no one willgo in. It is really as much an exclusion as if the doorsandsaidIhadtosignmynametothepaperforadivorce,orha • j-' intended t o kill Flannagan. I told him that I wouid not sign i t ,because I w&s virtuous, and did not intend to tell a falsehood forhim B e said h e waa glad that I would not sign it, but•$ did notHr.Tv.XOR (idvanciiw frwn the Democratic side of•V.» Sous* toward the urea where Mr. Lovtjoy stood) ble for it.State to go into the Territories; but I deny that he has the right to practice slaveholding there, for it is not an institution—it was never instituted; never established by law—but a practice like polygamy. I say that they have not a right to go there and practice thia high—-The gentleman from Illinois [Sir. LovejoyJ shall n o tThe CHAIRMAN—The geutlemm 'from Mississippi Approach this side of the House, shaking hisfistsand is not in oraer. Tho gentleman from Illinois will-taikh'g in the way he has talked. It is bad enough to proceed. be compelled to sit here and hear him utter his treason-•to put it to them in all candor—for wtale I intend toepeak of elaveholding with as severe terms of. repro- any sentiment that I choose to utter; and yet, are w e crime, so injurious to man, and so offensive to God.able and insulting iango&ge; hut he shall rwC, Sir, Mr. LOTEJOT—It is aimply by this contact with free oome a jon this side of the House, shaking his fnt in communities; it is, aa I said, from thd fact that Chris-allowed to do it 7 Are we, for that, in these United And this is the question: whether these twenty-eight batonasIpossiblycan,Idonotintendtooffendany Statea,tobesubjectedtoviolence,outrage,tarand millionpeopleshallbeaccommodated,ortwomillion individual personally—I want to know of you, Chris- feathers, burning, imprisonment, aid the gallows7 people shall be accommodated; for, I repeat, the tian gentlemen, how you are going to Christianize Answer that question. I know gentlemen say that preaence of Slavery is the utter exclusion of free laborour faces.Mr FAB.VSWORTH—7t is not for the gentleman to saywhat is treason and what is not. Mr.JrVrrKR—Welistenedtogentlemenupontheother »!d* for eight «v*eks, when they denounced the jxea-ber.5 upon tins side in violent and ofl'eusive laa- #U*K*. W e listened to tfcem quietly, iand hettrd them through. And now, Sir, this side $hati be heard, lettheconsequencesbewhattheymay.Mr. Par cm—The point I make is this—The CHAIRMAN—The Chair will receive no motionself preservation is the first law of nature; but if you and the institutions of Freedom. I deny no one theirthe South. I want to know that distinctly and em- the Slavery Propagandists who desire to transplantphatically; because if he does, I will nold him person- ally accountable for it.will let him talk aa he pleases; but go away and notSeveral MEMBERS—Oh, no.the women of the South. He compliments them.Mr. SINGLETON—I repeat, that if he intended to asperee Southern women, or to compliment the women of the North at their expense,! will hold him accounta-were closedandbarred againethis entrance. So if. Slav- think h e was i n earnest about M r . Flannagan I wrote sisterery goes, Freedom cannot go. I favor the equality of the Margaretanote,buthewouldnotlet me tend it"or goout of States. I favor the right of every citizen of a Slave doors; so I did not know what he intended to do. Ho went to. I 1^J j3H e gives all praise tonojustification for this practice of slaveholding, from the fact that the enelaved race are an inferior race; no juetification, from the pretended.fact that it impartsChristianity and civilization to them; and none in the guaranties of the Constitution. Now, there are some Christian men on the other side of the House; I wantA MEMBER, on the Republican aide—Well, go. " Stand not on the order of your going, but go at " once."Mr. LOYEJOY—Mr. C3iairman, I say I claim the priv- ilege of going anywhere and everywhere within the limits of this American Republic, aa a free citizen, un- molested, and of uttering, m an orderly and legal way,tian women went from Free States, and that the men wh6n you do not give them homes.Christian women of Slave States—who have not the A MEMHER—Give them what 7poor privilege that 8arah of old had of sending the Mr. LOVEJOY—Homes; a legal sanction to the con-ilagars and Isbmaels to the wilderness—maintained jugal and parental relations. How are you going to say, in God's name, before free discussion and all thetheirpurityandChristiancharacter,andtheirtostimony Christianizemenwhomyouturnouttoherdtogether againet the system, that they were prevented from that like the buffaloes that roam upon the Western prairies 7rightsoffreecitizenearetobesacrificedtothatMoloch of Slavery, that Moloch must be immolated at the ehrine of liberty, free speech, free discusBion, and alltakeintheentireextentofitscountry; butIdodeny that Slavery haa the same right as Freedom in thishim. ItoldhimIwouldbetellingalie,andhesaidifIdidnot writetheconfessionhewouldbehung;soIwroteitverbatim. as he wished it He .took the confession, and carried it to EL MLcannot keep Slavery and allow free discussion, then Irights. The Slave States are equal to the Free States.You cannot do it. It may be asked, Sir, when I con-fess that I have no control over this matter, why dis- thoBe rights that cluster around an American citizen. of promise. Slavery ia the Hagar and Ishmael, and to me as ever, after he «aw H . M . Woodhouse, and when I g o tcussit7whytalkaboutit7 Mr.SINGLETON—Iwantto knowif the gentlemanWhy, Mr. Chairman, a citizen of Rome, when the 8courge wasalready upraised, andabout to fall upon him, if he uttered the cry, " I am a Roman "citizen," it arrested that scourge. Well, Sir, is,they must go into the wilderneBB. and Freedom shallhavetheentireinheritance. Godandthefathersgaveittofreedomandfreeinstitutions. Itbelongstofree-dom—not to me; not to the oitizens of the Free States,to Norfolk I told him that I had rather stay and lot him go, and afterhegotoutofdangerIwouldcometohim;buthewould notagreetoit. Hewasaskindtomeashecouldboallthetime. • 1 heard from him several times while he waa a fugitive, also w h o a he was in Carolina; and w e intended t o moot i n tho WesternFrom all this it is evident that Mrs. Land made the tlemah nceak from his seat, and say all under the rules elevatee him above the plane of heatbeniorn by beiug A MEMBER—Tne negroes he steals 7 under the old Roman administration eighteen centuries'' Mr. LOVEJOY—Sinners, did that of Christ; but he confession or the retraction at the earnest solicitation ofMr.PoTf*R—Yoawedoingthesamething.' * The CHAIRHAW—Gentlemen will resume tlieir seats. is net a single husband or wife. There is not le- Why talk about it, when it is confessed that we have with Slavery, and makes- us aak ia elaveholdingto Canada and other places 7 peraona and our rights to be leas sacred than they were Mr. MCQUEEN—I utterly repudiate vour love.Mr. r*RTOtt—That is the poiet I make. I > t the gen- th« age, than the civilization which the slave receiveshe is entitled to say? but, Sir, he *hall not come upon held in these Christian conunuoities. Sir, how do' Tho CHAIRMAN—The gentleman from Misssifisippi ia ago and more 7 That is my response to the question loved them still. [Laughter.^ : other*.this side, shaking b£» flst in our faces, and talking in th«>y impart civilization and Christianity 7 It is a not in order.why I recommended the circulation of the Helper Mr. MCQUEEN—I do not think he loves you much. book. Now,whataboutJohnBrown. [Criesof' Mr.LOVEJOY—IamafraidthatIamnotmuch "Let'shaveit!"] ThiaaffairofJohnBrownbrings likehim. Hewent,however,andpreachedtotheustothereality ofthings. Thisraid confrontsus apiritsintheprison;andIthinktneverapproximated so nearly to him as in this regard, while makingpro-what he did; from my stand-point, and with my con» through the iropics. start up, and blaspheme sunshinethia Gospel agency fell upon the naked and quivering fay, gentlemen, if the blood of innocent men is victions, I disapprove of his action, that is true; but I and rain and zephyr; and mouthing the heavens, killed and scalped tho hoy, and lanced the girl in eevea flesh of the tortured convert [Laughter.] tattfn by an absolute, unqualified, unjustifiable believe ihat his purpose was a good one—that, so. far tell Jehovah that unleeahe stops the shining of the places, but she is recovering.. Mr. Buggett saved horA DKrfocuATrc MKMIIER— Did he get the Gospel in I violation of natural law , what will it appease, as hia own motivts before God were concerned, they sun, and the blowing of the winds, and the falUn* own life, and thoee of five other children, by shutting[Laughter.Jwhat will it pacify 7 It will mingle with the earth;Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069were honest and truthful; and no one can deny that heof the rain, they will crumble hia universe " from tur- the door and remaining in the house.",„ .; ,i,.j?*,1 ^ii*;-i .i nSK;Untitled Document<&.*€*';_%——•*++"**•*+'••— - -''*'/»+"*+*••'•-.•-. •.•«»,.* •w-.v*.*-j»-J -A 1«*«".^Vl .^Ml.'M»H|f~tV*'l1•. .fc^fc-<*•*«—**kw>« A*r^ tH* **"of Helper, and John Brown and incendiarism, the torchof the incendiary, and the knife of the assassin. Onegentleman from Virginia stood up in his place, andwanted to know where there was a man who wouldindorse the Helper bmjk. Hewanted such a man, iftherewasonehere,%•steadup,thathemightlook thatgentlemenwhoareslaveholderswouldbeguilty universewasestablisheduponthegreatprincipleof upon the traitor. Mr. Chairman, I, for one signed the of these partiou ar things—that is not the point—I am jartiee and truth. It may bejostled out of ttfi place far paper recommending the circulation of the Helper talking aoout this matter in the court of conscience, in a little while, but it will, sooner or later, fall back to book. I signed it intelligently. I was neither en- the court of right and wrong; and linsiat that any its grooves. You must sacrifice Slavery,for the go*l grossed nor abstracted. I did it because I wanted to laws for enslaving men have just the same moral force of your country. Do this, and you will have the sym- do it; and now, if the gentleman wants to look upon as the arrangement among robbers and pirates for pathy, the prayers, and the cooperation of tha entire that kind of a traitor, me, me, adsum qui feci, in me distributing their spoils. X want to know by what nation. Bcfuse or neglect this; refuse to proclaim convertite telum; I did it. I will sign a recommenda-tion for the circulation of any book that I choose, with-out asking pennisaion of the gentleman from Missouri[Mr. Clark], or of any other gentleman in the House orout of the House, I will sign a paper recommendingthe circulation of the Bible or the Koran, Young'sNight Thoughs, or Tom Moore's Anacreon, JonathanEcwards on the Decrees, or Tom Paine's Age of Rea-son, just as I please. I claim the privilege, as an- American citizen, of writing my name and recommend-as well aa psychological fact, that ancestral caarac- say that the mother shall not have her child, given to teristire reappear after a long interval of years,p i g rhadthatmothertoherbabe7Waaitbecauseshewas whenherememberedthatGodwasjustandthathasment can annul the claim. No, Sir, never i There- fore, every slave has a right to his freedom, In spite of your Slave laws. Every slave has a right to run away,die.1 Cathargo est delcnda. The philosophy, there- fore, and the lesson which the Slave States ought t o have learned from John Brown, and from all theseslave labor. There are orly. four hundred thousandslaveholders. There are thirty millions of people inwnat right" Fanny Forrester," the gifted authoresa? was it be- justice would not Bleep forever, and that ororj divine cause she wais the wife of a venerable and venerated attribute would be arrayed upon the side of the strug-<-nr-1.-^-. ^>*-*j»houldbed quiet that night, but he would not talk to ine. Neither didhe eat anvthlng for four days and nights. He got up very earlynext morning, but did not go out of the house. I saw hioa talk- ingtoLauraatthedoor,butthoughthewastellingher,whnt *lI work to do. 1 sat down to my work, and it was not long beforeI saw Mr. Flannagan a t the front door. Laura asked him in, and be had just taken bis seat when Walter took up his gun and shot bim. 1 screamed, ran out, and fainted, and when I oaone to I found myself behind the kitchen. Laura carried m o there a n d laid m e on a plank. I did not know that Walter had sent for Mr. Flannagan.m«be would not agree"to this, and *aidlit I would make a confession It is a poor, pitiful, and paltry patriotism that cannot and state that Mr. Flannagan had sedueod m e, it would clear—«*THE WALTER LAND CASE,that nothing can arrest these outrages, but a thoroughscouringofthewholeregionbyaforceofmounted1men numerically sufficient to overcome all opposition.t i 1 4 ? P ass• iHimwww.fultonhistory.com 