 .t rVn a a a \ a « a l t i a n l• of too Praaldoa; wUl cot «a aaat totUi trrHate aoy further—UM Soajth Xxtremiaia Will aaaaradlythis set of Mr. Harrow, and to give him the hue and odor of purity. They allege, to tbe first plaaa, that the«JP mmmi, , ' i a mmmmtm*mmTHE NE*W,MXtfii«JLfLrJffEIIALJD. ,(t*""--f«|.J«W" " ':., ^mmnmmm . i i»^-*\^ ———- ^m^....—_ —__—, , ._ ^ •= ^^ooff/-. W H O L E mN O . 8 8 !rBE C0IFEHI1CES TBTHBJ.>^^w.ihiii i,n.T.iTMi*r;'•-.*»*•v*'.- -•""»-* Tv. ,sJSHORNING EDmr^Moj^AY,•ts/ ".iaraMnm? s ; w w ,• ••i a-A%BUBdaty -Tatetats Third, Finn,fltawanan atassl htannanithi A t < t « . m mns o a - u.cta-The CamdUMatsen In tta. JL.f hvh:.<yi»'^«.«i«««.«««'ii«i<f««lll«ii>y|>iin«)l»HHfa rPrtiidtfits louge to be" Cisiiittot of lie ta* l&ei lute.•Indeed, ta the progrers of events so far the field ofde- dberattoaatay|eBmrrtrwed. One State has already made her ataattoa to jtoalaa the eonfederatkm. I tttiok as South Oarollna. we may sarely assume tha» as a fact, and' are hia* nothing more to do then to es res other (States, and »noet Mson to believe they areas the acta of aapajratton What may be the sense of other crisis (for great it certataly i'). ae o e tebftxJaptod for their safety, 1 wdl not"venturetoanticrrete. ButthesecoasionofoneStatethseperlBgof ©negress, and It tma Woe addmoewl excite meet growtag out of too nBttttn tana f a n i«ne «ru-tlnf from the eif et:oa of Itaoojn to tho Presideney,e=d which %OjRfttng o v polinnl tabrie frees centre tacircimfs-The Uata today aaaaeto open too aria* cf aa abyss.what n a y ant by s^vtaf up South Garaliaaaa loat beyondiraa. Aftar tbit all Soatbara members will confer, ta or der to eocipsre sotof, aad see if an united South can bo Drought to a^t together apon the grea qoeatlon. •Iba South Amtricaea % CXwgrem will go for Daloa, aad Itr. Boullgny, of Lootaiaaa, will a n t e a atraag apeecb oaBeporta from North Carolina, raoatood by to day atratea, ooncor in • a ing that the aaoaailoa feeing iamaaisg prodtgtoaa atrtoaa ta hbat Stale. At Wibnir gtjaWe have a strong minority of friends ta the free 3Utee— an array of symsathizors and alllef, whornve ghllaatiy fous^toorhatalas.aadnew stand ta the breach with oa. While we denounce the aggTsastoaa of tho North, M too Booth nothing to blame f nre oar skirts free from thecf tola impending calamity ? Has the Booth an unbroken front with her Northern •iltes to Mm enemies? Save we allowed the con- servative people to rally to the support of a con- servative man i We bavo muob to fear if divided,hat nothing to dread tf we are untied Hera on thi south side of the Onto, a middle State, with the free States oa the one aide, and the South upon the other, whta have we to gain out of the Union, and shall we bo driven or forced into antagonism with eithereectloe? We naturally take sides with those wh^ee interests areIn the Fifth district several candidates hare been with drawn, but ilie Japanese candidates still remain ta tae field, la our recent netl:e a oandldates for Aldermaat; honora ta tola district, we Inadvertently made not a waryaard UTba.ara, today, aitbnatk tt ;a the S&bttatti, madams at tbia crhua. Na aires', or tee, or hapctam. the Us len " Shall that glorious covenant of our hb«rt:es, the constitution, be abandoned at toe ftrat alarm? Lin- naaaltiat, davtat&g ani pataalag. A mast, baa ever beta made under that taw la any State coln was elecU-d according to toe coostttotloBal forms by a sectional minority, because they ware united and we * ere dlv ided, sad shall we then palld own this glorious fa- bric? Rather let us say to the North, "Relraoe your steps,-" sad to the Sewth, "Stay yoar hand; the remedy for your aaaa at oaU. San U otUhuaod, ia bi|h ' Tho Luuom ropablieajn will not proroka nor follow la grievances at In and net out of the Onion " The only man of the Revolution who wag onfaitbial wan from the North. Benedict Arnold rests under the acorn of the world aa a traitor to hia country. Tho frtotatt of pa- triots—George We*blagtan--WM from the Snath. If there are going to be traitors to liberty, let them be from too North; let as stand by the preoepto of Washington!» fmMoat Beatoerneri will a tend ^n:Mtif for tot tomorrow < T « t a f , when a man wa-' f vDaaQagBnbwfJyyROnBanartanannnnnnawaTdP* henorraw,!,dY«n t etV B B /'4M **--tar *s»rt» »mf»srw!**at*"ted by ita ranita sle Sixth ward,! lAmf-,!..,,,....GOVERNOR HOTJBTOH DECLINES TO CON-VENE TUI TEXAS LEGI8LATDBE.' NKW OXIBUIS, Dec 1, I860-energy aa though It was any etbsr day b tt The politicians fr»i one end o toe city ti thoerUla Is rapidly approaching, and tho Soathern mimihan- hokUff daflaat and yat dttpasataaate.Logan, of Illinois, ia load for the t'akm, mA nae jest addressed a crowd ia front of Brown's Hotel.The city ia filled with rumore. Urn n n i populationin arowlag strong Onion teatimaata.Among the flrat basinem of the session will l e too in-traduction ta baa Senate, by Senator Douglas, or a MB aaaktaf » a penal oflaaoa to obstrest United States offi- cers in executtag the Fugitive Stave law.The name of James T. Soutter, P.esiden- of the Bank of tho Republie, Ntw York, baa been snaw/s :ed byM a roitable to fuoceed Mr. Cobb as Secretary of tbaIt it reported taat Sto Bab, Thomas Dorwia baa bought and U»t t will be Llnxtln'sand atrinsa, the flag of Ualoo, and wa will aver march antler one flag. T*>the euBdenog of States, and war, and murdei log, and plundering of each other, ts the feast we are invited to— to we ray to the North, relraoe your steps; artae, yoe men of conservatism, and put down fanaticism North and South. What we do lei us do calmly, eooUy, and deliberately, and let oar action bo harmonious and conilitent. . _SENATOR MASON ON THE CRISIS. flash*, Frederick Co., Fa., Nov. 33,1800.toe amount when I state the total to bell rb miiUons of doUara.The principal articles exported were:—Raw allk, 8,000 bales, tea, 16,000 ohesta; vegetable wax and oil to the value of half a million, and manufactures of silk, copper, and laoqusred ware; considerable qaaatitleaot tobacco, papsi.ecaimphor, flour, peas, beans, edible aea weed, lain-various other articles, have been shipped for" the Ch maFour veaasla with cargoes have cleared for ports ia the United atnles; but this only represents a pordonof the American interest iu this ooaatry, as a large ameant nf American capita! and tonnage finds a printable employ- meat ta tie trade with China, aad at htaaagawa Ameri- can citlxens form mors than a moiety of theJireign papa-The prodwctlon ef silk end tea can no doubt be largely Increased, aa the Japanese admit that they have not here- tofore rinled all theooooons produced, or picked all the ton grown.cmbraeaa n variety of measures, amongst them la the ferry queatlcn, and we And ta all of these that, in the language of the City Hall, Mr. Barrow was "souud" whenever such projects were op. Ihe official rcaord shows that oa the 11th of July be voted for four separate resolu- tions ta thvor of toe Union Ferry Company, and on the lOta or. October to eat off tho lease of the Williamsburg ferries to favor toe Onion ferry monopoly. If this record salts the republicans of that district, they will, aa a mat' tor of course, vote for him.S, P. Munson, of the Ninth district, we understand, is a lccksmlth Instead of a butcher.J«nac*aovbw La,-. Di j oydgtae", wVIae? u^ani^d.eyirasstaavuntAd, haaams^ was ithdrawn fromsnf.-r '|i»s ??'•*;>*:« ##fi Wft\tt. SSif JS*i*»"0>'.•***£> ffSkSI* • -*^w' 9 &*j&i ^"* * " *wm*J **s -^wawr -^» v4*Mtt* feas^sa**/ save tottlita, Alabama, altos sslppt a* ^^B^BBB^BBBBBPB^^ur^Bn BsaBia^RBawaV bpa; AVaaBan y v v i t laNIva> w w " " r u v T toe Union. XobepeiiaMlciputod abowt Baaaa^ tofto^aajS tt* Lagliiature. TheGoTernor re- apoadad that viewing taw atoaaws«l4B«aa«ro as unwise hasi a d"iW «A» AenAjOO WOU.WHCMTIW Of SICREfARY• • < « » . a . > i. «• a i » . , » . . .Carolina Delegation in T o w n .MW Asaiwrca,ft* to.taa.fi.TWaTha c!*.y U n a tm» of excitement preparatory to owrroar n%bt to decide upon wnat oonrae tbay wti par. ments that oiled the breasta of oar revolutionary atraa.ktoeet eondnptneaVn Mew Ysan^aMtnjB^taAs^nnw>Vr*lU>a "*atUeabewt the masts, elomega * . Man»tai.y wc.ltogs,sn«i th^epubitaaeonntw^ty to Sairodooa ia tbaSaaa « a bOl rartortof tie Hia atrlhtag down too fortunes of toe first men aad daaririogthe laborer of hia wagea. No conaldeertion ot the obaracaourt ooaaprooaoa tiaa,«soadlaf it to tbo Patiilc, and at ur of the individual presiding over this meetiag shouldweigh ta the momentous question we have ms> to-disease'bo eaaae Uaaa awke a atiaaf ooaaarratfti ijiftom.! ana ooaaalt upon. Tho eleDtton of a section*! President(treated by the artartsTh> touor r^ts, W%sh fl&ot oaly ^fRpnnw aUtk*of thodi»oultieioaThe Udermaale oentoat U asnaaaby too neat r.'wan others pat together, ousiy watched cf any other, and ta almost hourly pre- b y BUgeQL F a k b r ltorbeanooe aad eonc'ltatlon, I «ai«rday the ooaatry paopia oama la town at maue aad ktoathmt with oar own, but ws will not fight the battles of South Carolina while aha is sate at home In bed.I have vcahued thus, though with unfeigned diffident, to took fotwajnsVto what Virginia may be called oa to con elder and determine in regtrd to the great issues forced upon her antflnata by avents ta progress taemsgnltade of the eceantan may be wall estimated by the mag- nitude of flbose events. State follows S-*te intj convention, to deliberate on tba ncoeislty at breaking up a goverumei>t, which they bettevo has l e v e l war against the essential Interest and dearest rights of their people. Tba Southern Statea, happsa1 dtatoe ia wbita aeceaHon proclaimed for aeoesatoa. It M l ' a spirited aad elg- (C&etrs ) When we appeal to those border 8tabm, tadl ana, Illinois and Pennsylvania, shall we say they will aKcaat daaaaaatraUoa. sot listen, that they will not rouse ap, aad the ooaservattve spirit rally aad say to aticiam aoath, The rataaat of Varaaoat to repeal that folly and abaardi- aad abolitionism North, "withdraw your unconstitu-tional acta; we will work for you with heart and soul; ry, tba Paraoaal liberty bill, la regarda^ as > a act of ant the remedy for these evils is within aad not out oftoo ataJaaan fatara ofnaiiapntta Pwatdact fl» taa parpaaa to aitahoU bta Mwaace anill a ocatal-whera It exirtt; aad lis ropoal at one of too smallest BOOTS tba Saath caa aak of tho North.day practicableIn conclusion I will only aid that toe ortafs, wbiob, forunborn posterity, will fix the destinies of the South, isupon as, and moat be iearlesei r met. certainly witn calm Ike TVilatae has been engaged la an effort to whitewashIU toaa win be oalaa aad caBoQtatory, aaaratary Oaba na%ae<l yattarday, hli raalfnattaa to oa Wad^atday. Had toe f'ao of toe oropoaed aaaaoutekaawayeaterday,bit reaijoa-be igaorad by tba incoming admlalrtraltea, whose polljy, u increasing aigns erery day foretell, will be aaaVaeaUy oonierratlTe; aad aa ropnbll jana coadaet them- this glorious nation, that, in its infancy, with butyours,J. M. MAWT.Mr. D. wannever known to make any such pretence until now nearly a year since the record was male pnhita it ta now said thai, although he was present at toe tunsUoa woctt ao» lare t>«aa arot ta. ,tBianularofcaSiy aa falto«a4tr taa rotigaation ofaatbay 1 Mr. Oak* to rottraOameaUva naUl ia*y araraady to'the "irrepressible conflict," a battle , between ataa, aad defer all exciting rtlsoaaslcwa tin the wobjiot is two systanto of labor, was fallacious There wasproaarly brooght roxwaxd, AU appear yery anitona to no system of labor so weh adapted to the South as ours, and that argument against atavery cannotuphiemindattoitsmerits,hedidnotvetsat'aBupJOit, and this notwitbstaa ting toe taat that the project netbeen neadtag before the Beard several weeks, and aa ibeen univenally comjoeated upon and desouaoed by thepu *1» press, The snaJaot waa presented to the BSard of sageaten t "Macbeth" will be given on Wednesday «ad Our oilmen on October to, by Councilman Van TUe, sad Friday. On faaaany, Tfaarsday and flatorday "Taoanaana."aay political dawoattoa la CoDgroascaisnla',*! to aiilttae oraatfoaiathisortali,sowilltheyboconsideredbyLin- coln aad hia admlaurtraUaa.3CCO,TOOBonds,bcaruedtheBrittenHon,bedividedin tta greenest, with 30000,000 people; and let aa sot he alarmed-and ay, because of the election of a secttonal Preatdant, from tha constitution under whknVwe have been iproBaaveua ani happy reward's dootnne orcommercewithJapan,andtheimpressionmadeiaihat eonatry by tta late Embassy here, we are nxattnad at the opportunity of publishing the subjoined deapatehea on theaa subtests from Mr. Harris, the United States Minis tor to Jeldo, to the Secretary of State:—. MB. HA»JUS TO THE 3KCBBTART OF WfATW. Lasumos or ins UJOTSD aiwrsa, \ Jsi>Do.Jvay ll.l^eo. /Sm—Oer treaty with this eeantry went lato eftee*. ou toettbor M y of taat year, yet It cannot be sail ids', much eomsaatcisi neatness was transacted betors tba month of aaptrmber last, so that the actual tra&aacttois are ecaaiaiaM within a period of about ten moatas.andWittplayMacbeth. Tatagrantdrome,a purely "sosneAton" stay, affords an excellent opportunity for the scene yaiaier and ssaiasaer aa well aa toe actor, and we hear tbat tola opportunity has been improved by the maantoo at a peaceable aolction of. the difflultiea. Boma foolish or taooBSiderato peaaon aaayattessp' to assita anaantaa pramatarely, by caortng ajesotuiloa that 10- w e l g B States hare the right to secede at will, and throw uff their aHegianoe to the federal go^remaat; but I thiak a war coananls will prerall.Sowto alien d to tta ownonsrOernn, ere of the middle Statea, we will make aa appeal, and riae on and stand between them, and tave the law* respected, and wo say to oar Southern brethren, let there be no 111-blood; stay year hands, we have a great stake ia tots Union aad) tttovooa-w»a not acted upon act.I the 7th day ef December, at which time it passed both branches of the Com-non Cncncll, ani Mr. Dtrrow'.s name la recorded iu the official record as having voted for it. H mast bare kiuwn, aeverybody elaadid, that it was a preposition to give away a railroad, and tf he waa not prepared, oa the mo ment, to vote against It, it ta ear judgment as bad as tProdigal Son," a clerer drama, whlob has been gc. o up to got d etyie, will be played.Mr. Wallace produses a aew piece to nlgat, aa a-tafia- tion from Madame de Oirardto'a five act coatedy, "Lady Tarioffe." In addition to tbe aew play we are t > have a debwtanto, n lady at lam city, young, act deacrlbed as pawing fab* The eemedy has boon chr isten od "The Model Hypocrite." The French vers ca waa played here once by tta Rachel aaeapany.At the Bowery theatre Spalding * Rogers aanouice a pantomime, ta addition to the regular circus performanees, toe '-BohellePertlease,' haAt the New Bowery theatre, tae fameat equestriandrama "Putnam" and "The Warlock ef the Otoa" are up for lo-Blght. • )At the Stadt theatre a aew operatic version of ' Cisde- relta" baa bean pntfmmsd w i t s m a n s , ' It waa pro doced for the laaaai of Madame Maassart, vane sang Ota derellato toe ChJortada of Mast. Btegtich, the Thlabaof Mile. SohaDer and the Danatal of M. Manabert. Tae music, not quite equal to Rossini's, wan well sang, and the whole pmformaaos received with rap tore Seve-Beam WSt Smith declaims agalast dHunlon. Tho atttution. We have marched together under the starsThe amount cf exportable articles brought fjrsJehastar exeeedai my expeOatlons, and although I hard n>official stntotaeata on which to baas my epini m, aa i am,therefore, oompeUea to u s e secondary tniormation u t . he had voted for tt. But there is a class of municipal the aggregate of the export trade ot this oouu y ouriugthe period earned above, I believe that I am quite within legiilat.on which aomis under tbe bead of " jooa," andcouldn't caiMbe Lsa^atataro, bat» a taajnin ortba aiu. acasaf tkottan psanhna*nr4t,h« OMleSi'Mtan4 ta9' •*••*'aaar^a^aiaBsa^aa *vuai§ awvug j jr* vtutuai^n.Academy withof "La Jntye" at ah' *£HM()tpSli&QgHSt*la a disruption of the Onion . _ Whether, ta the optaton of other States, she » W OOONTRY. ,i Khaa ejetarmtaa* wtatiy or unwisely, toe St-«n tta to be tho arbiter of bar ewn act; bat dnttny is in bar wan keentog, under salisnhwsal | atoneHON. JAMES GOTHH1E ON THE STATE OPr an. a htfaw aaa«ag waf naaf ta DamsriUe,bedireeted quarter, In hope, ol doing valient service la their canes.Ky., at which Mr, Guthrie apefca aa foUowit— t FauowCanasirs—Webavebeansailedharetatakeintoto the rtafffsaaj Ruler of the universe. To reasonto.aor-«jro taawaeil. It to coaaTdTratioTWaUrming cood.T^o7oBr cWiry;wiseistotreatsStateofthe ctt>fodd<-ncynot ato •••->• sentingnewsidmiliBsjltaaa,JT^1to*torclassofoaroUtaana aanf' aranlrars'day ho the conrec-ratea, bat as in tatfgral part df a censr' atNorth and Boaaaw Haw, tor the first time ta the htattrr yen empire. Sartoaately for the aSoaslteghd its c, • qtinrts this ta not aaoptn question In V.rgttla.are paying ne attotoim Wpaalia ltaes, aad aroiolcottagwill taia tbe eartost oppas ot America, has a pomical paato arisen—a panic^ thtt latroaa the last ofaamro thjaa a ^ ; b r e s « t toe most faro*, OBTtawsursdntatahasever matatataed taat our.fe1»• v able featorea to bring eh«t at stontota toby a seetkmal party of one section of our country was nagNearly aB tba — p a r i a»Ta nrtoaf. tapatflciaUy the freal grievance of ahtch we have to complain. It beraelrTaiid under no responsibility, e*vo to the o,m .utheir epjsioas gecaaad to oa daflaat witaoat napast to too axtraaaa to arttea toey balcog.was the organization of a section \\ party at tho North un- frtendli to the institutions and interests of toe South. Bat what ia the election of a sectional President with aa antagontauc Senate aad House of Representative*fof tho civilised world, both the mode aa4 measure of iaThe auruptten of the federal Union, tons Imminent, or, I should more property say, actual, is a great aad preg- nant event; and ta consider log, therefore, how tt may become the Uonveatlon of Vlrgtuia to act, wa must tooc to that event aa a material tf not a ooatroUlng elem mt tocause they are democrats ot rayubtioana, bat for tbe ghxtple leaton that their record furnishes tbe best guar a n t e :t honesty in office. In the Taird district, f^r ta stance, Captaia Byrnes draws to bta support many demo- crats, and In the Flfteeath rrotneat ia endorsed by re- publicans. Tae tatter baa also received the eadortomeat of sneh nr-n la hli diitriet as Dr. J. C Cnessman, J » h » J. Henry, William B. Dnxcan, J. J. astor, a LtoUietheatoUmlwsrtdtheW'ekwMa^saayaad.pr,.perous one MM Laura Eneaedaas prodaaat s>a« w o *r letta— In a literary pant of view -tatting of ahredsand patefcea," bat meet admiraWy pat upon the anige. rh« giroen scene at the sad of tBo seaond aetef "the Sevenv-la.«b" it c»p tally done, tnd tbe final tabtoM aniwsthe hand of n first rate artist, ana who nan tavern new effeeta as well an work toe* ©at. Tnti p n t a t , Mr. H> berts, ts a real treaaere, aad a eswet wananat re,aforoe- mant to the wortoy brie, Isnerwool, HuMyard.aad Biyea. The '•Seven astara'' ton sort of iiftiysrhrta, w*ere.n w« have a bit of every popular plena in the repartovre of the theatre It tonaaarsr anproash to the FatJatalvBevicw'' taan anything we have before aaanntnanewatry, aad ts Just toe sort of thing for tta tteaVtsai pubtto, aspect: ymbluetlmea. Than paopia acvar oOjacl to tavgb av a Joke, however venerabte it may bat Taey are too grau- fol for the provocative to oritt i t n tt. Mam Stone's play craws famously, and will-be played ovary adakt tiii fur-ther not tee-Mr. Bdwin Booth, who comnsoced aa engagemeat atthe Winter Garden en last Muadtay,aad wb> ha« since ptayed Hamlet, Peaoaraaad Blebaimn, hnf not reoeived so mtwA attanttoa front in a public as *he deserves ">V> have already aUaded to bis BnnUat^whtoh was c.e^ttr, aad have sines enjoyed bta very fine pwtbrmacoa or Btohelisn. Rtchtlieu was very mach toe o«tter imperBenation of toe two la every way. in tae fourth and fifth acta Booth aroaaed the n> i«s to aa unwonted pitch af enttnaiasm. We have rarely seen anything ftaer than his asanas with Julie and Baredas In the fourth act, aad the whole of bta acting in the fifth, in toe earlier part of toe play Mr. Boota fane J to convey to the aadleaee a foil embodiment ef the grim humor with which toe Cardinal's cnaraeter wai strongly sptoad, but aa a whole the performance was one that any astor might be proud of. Mr. footh plays diehard in. tola evening. We comateadMr Booth t ) the b^n eap part ef the pobtto, and regrettha.be has acta bcr.er itock company to sustain himAH neat to be in tba beat of temper and iptrMa He oaxn.t appoint aa officer without too sanction ofpcraoaaSy, Ounagh dlfferiaf widely ia cptaioa.aaaator Dojgiaa teat for GOT. Crittendea to-day, to confer with b i n on tin policy to bo panned to savotba IJbtoa.Ihe Soanfizn otpoaittoa meataara will bold t eaacna toone, aor receive an appropriation of public moneysexcept through the other, and by their oonsent. Shouldthe election of a sectional President stultify toe progress its deliberatteas. ta toe first plane, it may, and mootof a ooaatry like oars, a country * hose progress is with- out a paralkl ta history f WHOthe etoation of a atagie man, what have we to fear f (A votes, " Everything *') I say wehave agreat deal to fear if we fail to do oar duty. Bet we have nothing to fear If we are true to ourselves and to our country, if we are aotuated by the same senti-probably will, force noun toe federal goverament thesettle*;ent between it and the several States, sf the q>i«etion of the i ight of aeceailon. If that right ia denied, anew and paramount issue will be made between the Barlow, Andrew V. Stoat, Jacob Vandornoal, D. Si Btatra and the federal power, whtah wld be presented toand bis noble campati iota, and rebaks soattonnUsm. Bat let us bOcalm, tomperate and discreet in action. Let notlnteraatlnsr frnan Jatpn.auAs unusual interest is felt m regard to the prospect of thai this scheme was voted upon, yet ant having made bat engagement at MtabVa Oarsen this evening,•ATJUSTBLDXAR 9m— l received, by the last mall only, your letser of the 16th instant, and at once reply. You a*.* for my opinions upon the condition of the ooaatry, and mora esiwetaBy in regard to the expediency of the call of a Convention ot the people of Virginia, to consider what M may beoosae tbeStaie to do, In the crista which la upon us, and with a vtew to their publication.Whilst aWindicoi at all times to volunteer my opt- Btons, 1 have not the alighUat indispositton to express them when they are asked. Sonld yon think thorn wor- thy of publication, the act ia yoursm a n , aeei-—quence, whenever a State eenaMared toe compaat ttrokab, aad in a manner to endanger her safety, such # « * stood remitted, i s ta sovsreign right, ?o dctermtbe forof democrats that .are going to vote tor day aveatng aesA, in Cemug. ^ |the republican eanlida'e, otters ta repahUoana defcUrtog traetadlargeauniiaoat,endwlfl a n H s t o i that they will vote for tbe democratic nominees, ait be legs again. "'"'"ou histhe Virginia Convention la Hmine One tbtag at vary clear—-Y;rgiufe (no more tbm any other Sootbera State)will not be passive, should any attempt be m*de, by tone, to reduce suet seceding State er States to aabj^otteeCoddlngton and otter important eiatxena of that stamp residing in the Fifteenth Aldermaale districtIn the neit plaoq, tt ia to my miad equally clear, shouldore ot the £*ieB separate from the Uoian on this slaveryquestion, thewtsroptioa wilt necoaaartly carry with tt the• >k.o sepaiatnm of all thoae slavettoWing amiss whosedestiny it is to conttoue auto; nnleas, under a returalug complimentary al.uaiea to Colonel Mm H. Draper, the aeote of right a»d jostioe ta the rforthern m'od, alt may Onion candidate Mr. Dra-cr is a gsnticmaa engsged ia remain on snah Keurtties for the future as will establishthis great reasal interest in the exclusive charge ot thoseto whom tt pertarasmercantile buslneaa, atd is a man ofgaodedneattonnnd fair talents, aad is said to be something of a public speaker. Aa his record ts/bt tter toaa either ef the other candidates in the district, he will he a formidable candi- date. Be is a member ef tbe New York Otty Hoard, aad a few moaths ago that organization presented him with a v i a b l e testimonial as an a:knov.lea«emeatof hli aer- vie a and ability. We gave yettarday the name ofsjamuel J. Montgrmery as on< of the earn Idatts in this distrlsl, we have alnee ascertained that he baa withdrawn. . **want may, bavo never been the aggroasors in tuisstrange, unnatural contest. In what thev have done, orwhat may yet remain for them to do, they are prepared ocr recent AMermanlo sketch, ws suted tttat it appearedto meat all the consequences itere can be no doift • or by the record that the republican nominee ta the Seventh hesitancy. then fnre, in my mind, as to the course of V:r-S'nta A coawvniion is Ihe only authority compeUsat to Alderman<o district (Mr. Daniel Darrow) had votad forbe occasion, ani tt should be assembled at tho earl est Law's Tonker'a railroad scheme, and taat he commendedsboprnieui discretion aad all sobriety of ia^gm-it,bat with an obdarate ?orpofc to eataetteh thejust ng itsu t u r people, and to yield Both tag that pertataa to Vtrc>r,* as a free and sovereign State. Yery ressevifoily, minutes of the Board of Aldermen are incorrect, atthoaghBKJHTH JODICIAI. DIWRICf.Ia the Eighth Judicial district, formed by an so: of u ° I have ebesrved, with groat satisfaction, that the paring tea tore sea voyagn.andl am or .pinion mat, Inst Legislature, and domprtstag the Ftixteeath aadralaovetetae are apios," with Hoy m andhUta to asntaaamad for to night*•ether has celled the Legislature to meet at an early BBBBJOjn^BJ^flBBBBJdayr,and, deeply impressed with the dtaorlered oondi- tloa• oft the country, from causes far beyoind toe noaob of legislation, have taken It for granted, their first act will bo b) order elections for a general Oonventlon of theThe questions t>ow foroed upon the country are v.talwithin n law years, the ehotoeat teasknoan ia the Uoiwd States will be of Japanese production, SP many of the aorta are superior to any of toe teas of ChinaBat little has been done aa yet with Imports, and tie establishment of an extended trade must, of necessity, be the wogk of state. To a certain extant new wants must be natald among the masses and, what fc ef equal importance, they must discover that toe ]ab*< now exTwentieth wards, a aivil justice to to Be eleoted. the cor.teat to aa exceedingly complrcatod one, and the en- tangled party lines are t-roased and recrosaed in such a way that it-is almcst impossible to teU what distinct political interests or organisation ta represented by theafternoon and evening ef tola Bryants' Mtaatrato present"Dixie" to tho spaotallty of that balljbllto for the week. BaaleykOampTbesneeUng ax the Northweste.Ti demoirats Is not yet evitable fruits of the aseendaBby of" the abolition last ten nsonths shows a satisfactory result, and if sa Ball Convention, with a Mozart Ball endoroament in the itorty. to: Ihe ?torto,**Hbw:Jfeta/¥ be other- ordinal y degree at prudence in sealing vita the JapaaesettcannotbedonbbM.tbatalargeandbeftofeialinter prefenatan,aadhasheldnpoetticatotheCustomHouse, oonrae can be aneaWfetabUfced in Japan, add that bata tew yean will be required to secure so desirable a re- and to making a steely party ma. Th ..i we ha.-. WatnauMr. Jeha Brengham baa nAbtaed bta arot engage meet vitcee.ooncludeA It win not arrive at any result befere mom-«.*«"«***;.':rIt••.* j ** « theseats.«!federal,antbority*aaC*byoverwhelm-ABtTsrtc McTixrjr>rta.-*-Th» Mr. Tlncent Ws5ktn%t r o t paftormaace of «^LmHk«awi*aln Americadaiticg this atrocious wrong comes from a people who have no par t or lot in the great Interest so recklessly as sal^d.fot» will atandasareoorde<rtact that notaslnglero-*arfn| e l p t a *to |etag made in high guarhrs to eleetoral votovsuLbe east In support of this power ta aayeftaotan ajljustntoni. NathtagpostUveiy" d e t u u i-u be btaM where ttds insereet pertains -«WKi (•oes not see and feel then that when the States ofington.• «*«.. . • this jadgeahlp, be %ill ao doubt poll a good Moxart donbtable Oaorge, were s > B ^ n o n d , Va., last week. UK. nAiatIB TO BlB."CA!«. *LKGATIOS or rex UNOID SHatns,) Hall vote and personally to a more distinct repre- They go toenss on a Southern tour, and bring up iacaown^ontu Cofigvoia iwinstfika •'The Freiident attended oonroh to any.AID FOB SOUTH CABOUNA. iHAasawroB, Boo. 2,1860.Governor <Stn baa received ntoltor from M*j=>r Lee,your despatch, No. to, dated May 18 to which yon triform the South arc objected to this dominion they will be me of the arrival of the Japanese Embassy at Watrtiog-The Japanese have already learned the manner of pre-At Barnum's Mntowat "The old whig party Is not dead, but has been sleeping. ta then* solution to the peaea, the heaor and the aaiety psaded by thorn in producing n given article wilt, when several contestant*. First, there to Wm E. Robinson, imaaadiataiy aftar the arrival oTtttaarttoto from Havre,^ r.Sewa^,Whn.,Wm.em:d uw «rari r-taata- oftheSouthern Stttes. Vhrgihla, whether inTersftory, directed to aaobnto en^ntaft, produce to exchange who has a mxed nonlnation of Mosart,Breckinridge, vrhenoe theywere tosaU this day. HM.flnrtrandisaa? 8 Utog their fsllowert by every means ta thetr power, there wtd be no bully teg or wsefastaeta, from present ap- pearances, to either side, but the do!«jeratiaas will be .aim !hi loieaan until the en. is obtataad. '"in population, or in position, certainly takes ho interior either moan than they new obtain, oV aa article that is and Tammany. Bo bat bean a wrIter for several ptpen,clever a manager aa actor, to* theatre Wtt not lacs sup port.Mtos Jwawphaan ttonganhetai baa retnrnsd, after a br.ef lutv.^bruUlaBtenrewtaLoaeen. 9h0eommacoe« her wtatar angsajrwinto at the 80ward Mhinena, Boston.tank ta ton South; and it ts or the last imafcrtance to ber, as it is to taem that the matured sense other peopie should baexareased in deliberation on these grave ques- tions, and, if necessary, carried into execution, in tae solemn forms of her sovereiga authority. «preferable to their awn. *Attention has been ulrecicd to the proeurlcg goota oflengths, wbtths, ootors and pattorsa suited teJapaneos taste; thto ts an taiportant step ta the right dlrecttm; for Amerieaa manufaotures, I am of enialou tbat too heavy cottons known In commerce as drills, jeans, sueeang aadaad wan at one time tbe Washington correspondent of the frstasne, under the nameof Richelieu. Be ran last year fa Assembly and wag defeated. He Is a man abjut forty five, a resident of tbe Twentieth ward and a property holder. Nextwe have Asahel B Herrlck. a resident cf the SixteenthAlt that has tmppened, and much that has yet to oome, was .foreseen' and predicted by those not-olaiming to besntrtlngs, wlU be toe earliest in demano. )10J» P. M. wise heyonl thetr ganerattod, as toe legitimate and in- A carotul review of toe oomaaarcwl openatioks for the ward. Be to eemtaated apparency by tbe Tammany at the naymartet, and wftJ ptay eepsatneau to tte pre-wiae? Th*f-aleotton- jtrt ovef^^satabliahed ta is observed by the foreigners who oome to this country, Sixteenth ward. He to a man abon'thirty, a lawyer bymg majorities in the nonalaveholdtag States, a greet poimcaijKjwer, wboae.ojwn fnd avowed mlssun Isgtrea at Saa rVaiwbwo en the 31 or The JTlf-frTf nl to keep aloof. If the division or to b.eah up aad destroy tateredta to property aad la so- auit. I have the honor to be, vary reapeotfw'ly, your Hill Fowler, who baa ateo been nemtaated by a bran-b of November. Luey WiJ*t and Mr. Bbnry Squires sang thethe Stain «*ar Jj»W»»a may go with the grttt N»raV ciety, and ta all the alavehotding States, which, when ef- obedient servant, ,,. WvN^BND HARRIS. Monart; and from the fact of his having for some tune fected, must re luce their lands to deserts, and throw theirprincipal parte. The criflas pratea tkeopura and S^iires weat, aad toaa keep the months ot the KtHunrippI ^pea people tooateasta ueon toe world. The public votoe or- To the Hoaatahta Lawa CASS, Secretary of but©, VYash- bean a warm friend of Mayor Wood and aeirjexpjetaut o f * hugely. The Ohrtaiy Miaawsto, ander ton toad of the re-TbejeopJeot thetNorth ta thus acting have separated 6 propthedaelv e peoita ef the Seen, aad the govern- meat theytaua inaugurate will be to as the governmentfairs, anQounr.B? the arrival of the Embassy and tta re Fowler at toe iacaming of Badiantn's gdnainistraMoa. bad opened tbe Varjatiea, and waa ptaptag the stordiricoamandteg the Baltimore Natioaal Volunteeri, a light of a foreign power. We shall stand to such power as Italy ths 20tb Instant, asdIshaUln myadd.-eas refur to the date cf the republican party, to a partner, we believe, vf seems to be toe only etty except New York where theat-horse regiment, thtrtosn handred strong, saying tbat the reg1'««thMiia»imsusry resolved to support, w t h t h ^ ttves, any State or States la ssesswioa from this aemrasedboaorahlenad ftfcadly recaption given to the rt /taenia Uvea of has Majesty ta the UolteeTStateaOban, spencer, aad wi U'no doabt receive a gaaeral re. publican support; to a residext ot toe Sixteenth ward, arical are at all lively Mr. Cowell opened the St. Data theatre on the Sato with '• Joaeph and BtaBreuiroa,'' Mra. OoweU (Anna Cralae) ptaytag Joaeph.Mtlltatrp Imtalltgjemee.AWUt Ah Ahh hSi*TTSBm Of THS rCTXAM PHALi-M. ThatoetohiaMfl nofpo, Ihratah wa gave a desoriptioota yestardayto Hnuao, sitlBiilis by the New York sod Sew Haven Railroad at iee o'etoe* to-day (Monday), and are to be reeelyed by toe Third Company Coatiaental Oonrd,Cant. Wat. Bapr . Line to to be Jsrtned oa T«en- ty^mrextoanwet. TBa daamtiag omsiaai, and visiters£ wiathenpenswetawtajBtaadwaf, andnameedown toBrand street, fsastog too Ftfto AvesraeataUl and Cnton square. They proesad toroaghfirnsd atreat to the Biw- cry* Bowery to CAas^ tJatatf to Bywadway, Broadway to the A»tw House, wbesotoe Pntnam Fnatoay a n to dine ^mm etaiaan. At taat P. M. toe ftnjtoialils vrttlani aanrt them down Broadway ani CiirdjnMalian ta the ftny, where theythe dtopUj will dealmade by thai srr too third < meet nthntrimdisease. .; Jt ttiu .tall Alet W ' VdBenfnaennsnht n^nujal IIII • aans 4annmwtT«*asn>faf beingj^ui^mjmm^otaar, aad be a fi a one. eewti to .«*»!'.3* t•eirtaaa ta the event of toor%\ , «, r«ij ( .ftakf on lor the cho'.ce of da-legates to the Cxaroaatton. All, however, stand upon on* ; platrcm, and the .result will be toe n s s whoevor iaTOWNSEND HARRIS To the BaBproVe Lawm Cans, anaretary of State, withformerly judge in the lame district, before it was dt. vided. Be to supposed to hero toe support of the tore heads ta toe republican camp.c o r s c o * AHIC—c OBESCTIOK.We notice that toe republioans are hacking down theirJspsnen Conrcilmen, ta many dtotriota, and totagtag oa BOW awn ta their stead. , * ..CharlesMcCarthy,oneof theringphiloaoitaeratottheP •* '—— fcfcJfiPHKfiiONSTho^Moaav^tn.* aJBDDO, August 19,1380. j*I have to Inform your Ereelieaeiea toot yoar EiditssyTBE BANKINLEGALlZfcO "-•nuxsiKiaTn.'n,Doe,1,1800arrived at the city of Washrcgton oar ton 14th of May,oris of spectap iy- nayaKnia at debts1,1800.COSVENTION BILL P ASSED IN FLORIDA. f a i u n i f ,Ttas l,li«o.nertn IigWaiajn anmntonaly enaanjta fjnv MR. ttanetoonthefi'of Jsnanry. iti*O FROM CHABL«3T0N^ ctLnMaat; D o , l , 1S«0.I am dhvroted to express to you the BStWaotion felt bymy goveraanent at the arrival of the^gmbassy. aad to inform y oa that every attention and ktadawat win be sho *nto ita ineasbeff, who wtH be iavttodao visit varioos paMS cftheoa&dry.andwhentheyfetlretoretarntheywtti ronrtodtotrtet»woarttoformad,h be brought back to Japan by shire of the United StatesNavy.A Washington afcctal deapnab to the Obttrkr, seraioflkta.' ta tone, a ys ha*, tbt Prcaidsn' fbfes "teuth C«ro-Itaa wilt appreciate tho oaUcacy of his pjiitloa, and not letloa *$ tba South, desJfaed, by false and ea-hia an enfasttof ro our aotlee yesterday. He states that htam VistattRitary men u ,tbe reojBHa far an aeoart n « bite boor anfljatorday>oompoJ km io m$ foive for the coUecuea of tho revecue.cjurgas, 19 feanU alT-tiWi aatengttAndo Tsoosemarc Cans!, MiuStert fox Foreign Affaire, toe, h e , h e .Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069to Attain*,and Poland to Ruaaia. U Will be one people governed by another people. Who can wonder, then, at the stdi ting events which have crowded before us since toe mrtl federal act ef tarts Northern otecttaaf, R hit teas seen yesterday but in dim distance at the reaJi.y of tc ay. Aad tost which ta looked to bat as a probability to day becomes the stare fact of to morrow. uar tecole at tbt sioatb ate intelligent, brave aad sensi- tive. 1\ o.v a a hostile armfctraised against them they do not" wait for tie blow, but ruth at once to durable the ad versary, And the Is what they are now doing.• i.«tfcsre\!eweventa, and then we may the better un- deritaBd what may devolve oa Vlrglala ta the political LjQuacIrr nf ths timet -Ibe election of Piestdent is made, and nothing remainsbut "< rmaiiy to cast and then to count too electoral veto. and that» had the honor or being received hy th; Presi-There are those who heliove—and l a m one of t h e m - that aosafetyr*trainstotheSouthernStatesandtheb?,aeo- p'e but web as shall be vindicated by a stvn pir-Tbe event that fixes toll belief at the aocesaion of thedent en tbe 17th rf tbe rame month, when they presented heirlettersofcreiencefromhisMajestytheTysooo.-mlewto to yoo,end._ that it alveanae very great pleasure to ba agrees ,2a^aTptaas«t » nahieet SteW and courtesy, TOWrtaEaD HARaB.A troeeepy, H Bwesams.of Dnhlioattons tavood to too !«erta for c:r«a- To their gxceilenrlee Waksake Nacatso^aaam Tayn,****** «M fScolsyr ioeayr-nsg to sustain ilite m fatnaa. CB# * • o»«» re- eeeBBMBdattoa nf ttejr fleoatara an«: reprosentativeahe to twenty five yeara af age, and to a metoaao. ICXOOI. OFfltintS— COBJaCTTONB,of toe namee that appeared ta oar Halassj awasaai aawsvaanrenar wsaasssw « | - g v w « w " w ^ • BSSJ srovBOOT The n t "omaoaVy ef &^ts«sntato hue beea ejga a ^ b t r t a f o w s w i t o s V a n n w e n t t a S a a Brwwtak onTbe Amertaan bark Mary Louisa sailed from Ranagawaoa tbe 9th Instant, withe cargo valaedtat seven hundredthonaa&d dollars (IfOC.OOO). I aotice this as it aff >rds apkaf Irg evldcuce m support Of the views I had the honorto express la my despatab Nc. », dated July U, on date. He to a lawyer, and upwarda ef 60 years of age; the prcaont of tiado in this country*iugtca.^ " "Latufia* or t n Owmo SIATSS, \You are reqaetted to convey to hia Majesty the Tycoon the ij^a'saaasn af tbafoaabnmetton felt by tbe President ef the Cnited Stale* at toe' w « > T * i K ° ^ | S | j t ^ ' f e f f ^a awawbaaaBi say. ^asawawoo, "jaws^. bo to net aer.nawar baa been a aa and does sotUntitled Documentfi'srtcg between tae twejsniMnna.wherever that 'of ataffy_ .,RRa^flBjP sTflfl. flntanvp ananB atMaajp a^Bat^JRJj^B^aans^lfBnnanm* dn fca^tonhoiajpiiBfnjjby^The local political The"'LTba-'jeweas*' wft be rven ea Mwnda/, Friday svaataga at tbia week, tor the tlvety. Tha"Prepnal,»'an«W,u thesysum « u a aaafederattou of soveaei n powers, u . nconsolUJslion Of States Into oaopeopto; and naasw a se- tho City Hall. ' la ^ some ocalitics we hear ( to be ptodOttd- «*Stradel1a" wtti, ila referring to tbe comitations of the republlaans inhimself to the p -©pie who believed in tbat kind of iegldtlcn. Smce that article appeared, t i e philost pher ofthe conVest in the Eleventh Aldermaale oisuriot Suctgall, also states that Be is tot a candidateMr.. •nhfltar's "Don Oar- ta thetoadiag parts,Elmer," the Aataoa and other cie rer and curious things a n nsjaaalsed for vxttjJKDDO, August 18. I860 J sentative or Mozart than either of too otter eandt Terse. The frottmoetal to Harvey Major, tote a member Prse—T have U e honor to aoknowledge tho reoetpa of dates. He has born admitted to the bar, bat Is of Dodwortb's toad, will take pome at toe Aoadamy oput down ta the Directory as an a g e n d a s ! deals to I abasia on Taaraday, lhth last, tare B nrats calls her sew reate»tsto:toalK)ataye*«i of ago, and has been a can- J niliao>lpto» tbeatre (anytonnhtaeMy the ^Cnaierva. dldate for different offices, bat never held an offioe. Ha if." Why not the Borer? Nixon's Qfcvjcs, the lira.. -brought ajaSnat theW-wiU under a goverament to whichthey are not parties, and over which they bold notthe slightest cheek. This Is not the form of g o verantnt which our Monsters gave us, aor is It dressed by mc to tbe Japanese Ululate'9 for Foreign Af- was a candidate for postaaaator In oppoaltion to Isaac V. watt and Mho stale Batesaan am at Hew Ortaaaa, uwena a govt m ment which our people will endure.ton, and that it wee received by toe President on the IT ro- of the setae month.I transmit herewith, numbered 1, e^py of a letter ad-asptton by the President, and also expte**!ng the other It to raM that be will pretty generally reoei ve the Amcri corned its to crowded bouses Adeline Pattl was at parttoulas*directed by yon. >fell am to h JVC an andjenei of tils Majesty the Ty&wn oa can vote of the district. Wm. H. Bail, the regular candi- nouncea as aherUy to appear at New Orleans, whicnlawyer by paefearion, and about 41 years ef age,W ittis to atoo talbefietaas the republican Mump candlth district, has been taken out of tho fieta and John Mae!eter nominated in hat stead.& v e i la|njsn*jRRR naTna«nn^PBBatj SBBBBSJ aaaaaainail W ibnttoer, batwaayto travel on hisisa^ft 's, - tj»» &#**the Oaten caailda'.es for3 g g u . o d n . k e m nCondi-naagsj'a, *#1tatoaAnsonriRii the Fifth ward.Aahey naV•**B^s^^aassa^,^^—•—^-j.—^r——.———Tans amay andsteaar•.;.i-..»» alahaaVflodfrey M«11*B,*<^fe::..•>•«Mr. Forrest will cqmsencs the twelfth week ofO. www.fultonhistory.com 