 1:ceasing, coming and going, going. There are all house- sionaire two sous for his trouble in the case, and, which adheres to it. This compound has recentlyHIBien* be afforded, to is#ue an annual volume of this work, and hv can hardly be doubted that his enter- prise wittweet with complete success.WRITINGS AN'1> SPEECHES OV ALVAN .STEWART ON SLAVERY. Edited by LCTMSK RAWSO* MAIWH. l2mo., -pp. 420. A. li. Boardiek.Keariy thirty year* ago, Mr. Alvau Stewart took aWilliam K. W . Dunlap (brother of the "strong-minded siutA-rs" of tourist memory), f rid a selection from the lately discovered " Eden Papers," comprising private correspondence of many of the leading statesmen and literary men of the last century.—At the first announcement of Miss Strickland'snew work, " T h e Bachelor Kings .of England," itexpanse of paper a full; coordinated description of the Hotel Drouot, its contents, and characteristics. Such a work would bo noarly immeasurable, and quite im- measurably dull; not easy to write, aud. very hard to read, lt'would besides be peculiarly inappropriate to the subject, which is of its nature infinitely variousTho amount of paper consumed in the ministries, prefectures, and mairies is enormous. Measured geo- metrically, it is more voluminous than the massed issue of T H E W K K K L Y TJRIBU.NK, wrappers included, and hiw more than THK THIBUNK'S multitudinous a m y of sub- scribers-—ministers, prefects, mayors, inspectors, cus- toms ollieera, tax-gatherers, gensd'armes. !Let alone the army and tho street-cleaners, there are in the em- ploy of Government ovor a half-million of civilians. Not all of them aro doskmen; but scarco one Of them•••i.•*busson carpets, and the fragile elegance of Sevres por-celain. This loom is filled with cheap snips and duds, through the stupid street-throng who have no Cor- it he dissolves out the active principles of the'spices,poverty's unredeemed pledges, sent in by the Mont de reggio 1 It is a mixed sensation of self-chucklement, and also of other strongly flavored articles used as!on the eclipse of tftie 18tli :<< 1iKlew CHEMICAL PROCESSES — PREP ARA TION OF S0Lt;nr,E SPICKS, ETC.—Among the most curious of tlie modern discoveries hi chemistry are the methods of2fflW_JL ,|,„n--j mi - mmlender competent instructors'; a^Boe^jfean^sovolume contains a collection of his speeches, letters, 9careeVs M t l ^ l i l ^ l P ^ P W ^ ^ of a proficientthat she was induced to send her worka " autoschediastic/i• M»<tWiw*gtf»>4r r-f:«PUBLICATIONS.Eves, which, when.completed byiho,pro8ont under- 0 0 1 taking,$$p exnbracora complete and uninterruptedIn the last week jof Maroh wasa great vendue, con-tinuing thrpugh all; its six 'days, of a "numerous and] forth a pungentiy brief circular to prefects and those'I•' "- "~—-"—-"' -Ho'W TO wYiwfowfi BXJnffiOOK TO BUfcOFR; OK, HowChcrl** B. Norton.«jSo design of issuing ft series of compendious ana econotttioal handbook* of foreign travel, wtth/spccial xefereace to the "wants of the American tourist, can hardly fail to secure the favor of the large portion of<^;cowtatmity> whocontemplateavisittothe,old •world. Mr.J^turray.'sredbooksareadmirablejntheir -way, and for those who seek for an accurate and com- prehensive account of the principal countries on theline of a foreign tour, leave scarcely, anything to bedesired., They are compUed from the best authorities,in many cases by travelers of high repute, who also-write frOm personal observation, and form an invalu-able treasure of historical antiquarian, and geographi-cal inowlcdge. Such works as the "Handbook forEgypt" by Sir Gardner Wilkinson, for Spain byRichard Ford, and for Syriaand Palestine by the Bev.Mr. Porter, possess an intrinsic worth and are equally,impprtant for t i e geographical student and the foreigncomplete biograpbyby the editor, which is forisubsequent publication. •,:.:«j -::t^^ . - ; 'yVBOOKS RECEIVED,;&£$)>" Marv Birnym: A o S of ^ f e f e .traveler. Less bulky and less expensive manuals,however, would often better suit the convenience of A Mother's Trials. By the Author of " My Lady." 12mo. pp."all the materiel for opera balls, all the materiel for Abd here let it not be forgotten that the administration' "the Mois dc Marie, 35,000 metres of rich silk velvet <jf justice (1 am not speaking of the Jaws themselves, '' and woolen stuffs for drapery, praying cliairs, mir- nrtd except, political causes—a republican having a* "rors, colored lamps, crosses, 105 banners, busts of little chance of fair trial here as in yirgmia—)is12JUO. pp. 385. Harper k. Brothers.•100. The San>e. ''-^i •American tourists, and if jndiciously prepared, would A History of the Missions of Japan and Paraguay. By CeciliagaSaft wide patronage- The plan of Norton's series » excellent, and it is to be hoped, will be completed in a manner to. merit 'the f*vor or the public W e are sorry not to be able to speak in high terms of %hc exe- cution of this vomme. Ji is writteninan ambitious,but slovenly style, is singularly deficient in clearness and precision of statement, and while it abounds in irreievuat details, usually fails to communicate the in- formation which would naturally, be looked for by per- sons who consult a handbook of travel. Thus we are informed .that " we can,, embark in the steamer from Geneva for Lausanne, boil and bubble up lovely lake Leman,'' and stop at, Chlflon, which; we are kindlyapprised, is.the scene of one of Byron's most touch-Alary Caddell. 12mo. D. & J. Sadlior it Co. :-••••••• , The Pulpit and Rostrum. Vol. h 12mo. pp. 30-L H. H. LloydAll going, going.withe the expression of regret that the English, andAmerican nations should never have read 7' the glori-ous epic \ Childe Harold' and the touching ' Prisoner<rf Chillon,'" on account of their prejudice against thebeen running its pre*ses night and day till they have controversy has seized on it, and made- a party ques- worked off 80,000 copies of a "Life of Douglas," in tion of what should be purely a scientific one. Themagnetic faculty, which, as their glance meets your's, •sets you a winkingn affirmatively with a sort of in vol-, untary sympathy; i And he is eloquent of tongue andextravagant quadru-oauda-ped, the kangaroo, was set by prescient Dame Nature, like an epigram, in theThe opos-the slaveholders present were greatly displeased by hie remarks, and a fjw weeks after a warrant was issued for his arrest. On the trial, he was defended oj Mr. Taney, now Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. The manner in which Mr. Taney conducted the defense certainly prectents a wonderful contrast to his recent position. 2?ot content with maintainiog the right of freedom of speech, he fully justified'the preacher, on account of the enormity of the evil which he had made the subject of comment. " There is no law," said Mr. Taney, " that forbids us to aptak of Slavery as we think of it. Any man has a right to publish his opinions on that subject wherever he pleases. It is a subject of national concern, and may at all times be freely discussed. Mr. Gruber did quote the language of our great act of national inde- pendence, and insisted on the principles contained in that venerated instrument. . . . He did speak with abhorrence of those reptiles who live by tradingi in human flesh, and enrich themselves by tearing the husband from the"wife, the hifant from the bosom of the mothers . . . So far is he from being the object of ponb-hment in any form of proceeding, that \ye are prepared to maintain the same principles, and to uso, if necessary, the same language hero in the temple of jus- tice, and in the. presence cf those who are the ministers of the law. A hard necessity indeed compels us to en-many yeara employed in the accomplinhment of a simi- lar object. He took the same edition for his ground- work, and spared no expense in procuring illustrations cf all kinds to enrich-it. Each play with its illustra- tions fills a separate, portfolio, and the aggregate, if bound un,. would probably rival the copy above described in dimensions and value. It is preserved by the family as a memento, and will not be included in the sale of his library to take place in the Fall, the catalogue of which is now preparing in a style worthy of the collection it describes.—The fourth volume of the great work of Professor Gervinus, " History of the^sineteenth Century," isjust- completed. It includes the periods of the Congresses of Troppau, Laybach, and Verona (1820-22), and abounds in interesting, disclosures respecting the in- trigues of the Holy Alliance, headed by Alexander of Pn^sia, to bring all Europe within the steady and dis- ciplined surveillance of the Absolutist Powers. Much light is also thrown on the Italian policy of Metternichand Austria, and the gradual growth of those compli- cations which have recently met with a violent solu- tion in the Transalpine dominions of the Hapsburgs.—The Berlin Academy of Sciencos has published an important essay by Dr. Buschmann, apparently supple- mentary .to his largo work on the aboriginal languagesbored to maintain his position. He did not rest satisfied entertainments a' superiority anolagous to that which to the public; for the lower ordersJbf goods there is nowith whatiibe had done, but, after finishing his "Light of my jolly English friend, H. E., is wont to accord over expert. I shall have more to say of him, probably, bythe Worlds' commenced another cabinet, picture, upon tea to punch: "It cheers and alio inebriates." ; The and by. Humbler in tlie ranks of tbjfc fixed population iswhich he Jjias assiduously labored six years. It has Hotel Drouot takes this -name from one of the streets the commissionaire, a man in short-jacketed uniform,been the custom of our own artists; when they receive on which it faces. It is more rarely but more properly who receives the object from the hands of the expert, anda commission to paint an Americnn historical picture, styled.Hotel des Comm.issai.res; Commissaircs Pris- holds it up to the inspection of the assembly. There isprove t.iat the itue d«T t javels is much grpIn t mectic z of tlie vancement of (Science ; t£sound of a cannon traVc human voicei—M. Dc)aunay is ci bles of the' • moon's n-• ~ ipublication by the • AVjjt rier objected to them 5his theory of the mooir othe observation^. M eacrimony, andafpret Vji.-',eral weeks (toWded cWhen M. Le Verri'er . I>i>^aid to have reim rke< stance of March l^tl . vvjinet know that t ;ereence left the hail. M v.-, iiraris."—M. Guilleinii has :?:id«time of transiutss Ipncl •h-c ed to the fortiet!) of a •e ii that with a certain bu i rv Paris to Mans and l«tck wires with e cc ncttv to twenty-one hendredtt ii force of the bajtery, lu.-and-other-.wxitings on the subject, in anticipatioa-ofato the exhibition, "where they met with distinguished favor. For the benefit of pur countrywomen, whoimmorality of " Don Joan." A vu»it to the scenes41 immortalized by Byron's muse" will afford the lay,'' just edited by Mr. Roberts, derive all their inter-" smiles," right to you (these French are so courteous),that you feel almost as though he were a friend of. ih«! Treasury are so watched, checked, and counter-traveler a motive for '"' supplying a deficiency in his Hterary acquirements." Under the head of Lausanne, •we have scarcely a word of description, but instead thereof an elaborate critique of the histrionic merits ofJohn Kcmble, who was interred in the cemetery nearthat city.—/The ix.stances of inexact statement are noexecuting the line engraving of it, requiring.it in the Thomas Macaulay. His mother, Miss Mills and her the Earl of Winchelsea, who made himself ridiculous finish of his work. Mr. Church will soon remove hisyours in disguise,! having your interest at heart; sothat what with a sentiment of complaisance and of tint their regular swelling flow from the smallest mutual regard, and the exhilarating crescendo' move- tribute of a dog-tax in Carpentras into the great resor- ment of bids, you offer 39 francs for the Corregio, as ; voir of the Ministerc dc Finance in the Rue Rivoli,..though by interchange of favors—and whack goes the ahijl then out again to the lowest door-keeper's wage, little ivory hammer on the patient desk. Next day is safely kept in its proper channel, so that hardly can mayhap you encounter the commissaire in the public a e')ns-drop leak away into any one of their pockets. way. Ho does not seem to know you; and your To change the figure, without being chargeable with knowledge is increased, am0/rf<£ other additions, by a. jjyperbole, every franc, from its incomingat the village clearing away of a good deal of dirt from your Cor- tnxgatherer's, to its final paying out over the countert i e fifth of a dollar;" on another page, that s 5-frauc piece is let* tlian an American dollar; " Marseilles isAH hh> daughter*, were no women found j j So fashionably fair."jher school at Bristol; so the connexion was naturally intimate, and his elderly friend seems to have had almost a prophetic intimation, of the youth's talentsless assuming character. The noble translator*apolo- gizes for hi8 " ignorance of the local coloring of the East," and not without reason, as a single specimenatelier from the Studio Building in Tenth street, to the ." Heart of the Hudson," the lovely region opposite Cattskill, where be is building himself a house. His brilliant Sunset, which, like nearly all the good pic- tures recently painted by our artists, is going to Balti- more, is nearly finished, and promises to be one ofthe most striking of his later productions.numerous ft* to destroy our confidence in the •general any more wonders ? I wish he was rich enough to becorrectness of the volume. Thus on one page we aret r in Parliament; he would eclipse them all." At an-requested to notc the fact" that a franc is " exactly other time he writes to her to announce that she willsoon see a work of his in print: " Do not be fright-prosperity will tbow:" And in nlPthe laud for beauty I And wealth beyond compare,• ,By Sallio iam S. and*Luther RawtonMtf^-Wmo ^ . ^ « , *°?"ol %£>' STitT]Day-of pjnpdl, 2vols, Utano.).to state that this accomplished Parisian artist, who is conflict curiously with established rights and laws. yet under the age of. thirty, superintends her ownr It is but just, however, and might be profitable, to':' terhala of joy and sorrow; they took in the crude \le$ f/iialit.es da\sex defavts." '-.••:fcoor*.terFord. 12rno.,pfi-* i j f f f& Co.Class Book of Botany.S. Barnes k. Burr. -.By Alphonso Wood.12mo. pp. 174. A.tion^ embezzlements, jobs, are not quite unknown in A :sale of " Volatiles" or " Gallinacts," gigantic the current annals of the .treasury*; but their rarity Shanghaes and diminutive Bantams and other rare snows their difficulty. The French officials: and con*LITERARY.birds of the Basse (pour, is about to commence in Salic tractors are neither more nor lens honest—that isf—The publishing trade in England still continues partially paralyzed by the uncertainty of future action with regard to the removal or continuance"of the paperduty. The last news by the Persia shows that Mr; Gladstone's measure will be strenuously opposed iu the House of Lords by Lord Derby and others, on account of the financial position of the Government. Until the result is determined, no works of moment will be under-ent position by Dr. Andrew Gilford, in 1784. No modern research has succeeded in finding another perfect copy. •'..'' — D r . Beko, the Abyssinian traveler, has in press, to be published by Mr.'Madden, "The Sources of the Nile, being a general Survey^of the Basin of that River and its head Streams, with the' History of Nilotic Dis-ing whenever American artists have sent any pictures to the Exhibition of tho Royal Academy*, One of our New-York artists now in London says that out of a considerable number- of paintings by American artists which were sent to the Exhibition, only six were ad--mitled, four of them being placed close to the floor, and two being hung out. of sight up to the ceiling. One of these pictures, which had so elevated a position as- signed them, was a portrait by Page, said to be one of the best that has ever come from his easel. One of the Academicians is reported to have replied to a friend who complained of this unfairness, " L e t the Amer- icans stay at home. We have as much as we can do to take care" of our own artists."—Tbe " Heart of the Andes" has been again boxeduj> and sent to England—the artist, Forrest, who isNo. 13. There may be a sprinkling of goats, rabbits, and dogs among them.. The human population of the Hotel Drouot may beroughly classed into fixed, habitual, and transient. Atthe top of the fixed class are the masters of tho house,patented members of the guild of 'Commijsaircs Pris-eurs. It is one of these licensed, privileged mortals,and none other, who presides over, the vendue. Hehas rapidly rotatory, prehensile eyes, catching and in-[neither more nor lees human—than officials of other Icountries. They are susceptible to temptation; they aire net, as a cluss, St.'Anthonys. They all have, what '* distinguishes them from the lower order of animals'*'—pockets. The'pelican, the kangaroo, the opossum, if ihc'v can he held to bear any relation to the general r,t:le, help to prove it by illustration'as well ascxecp- t'lrn. (The first.is an ornithological Pecksniff; for everybody now knows that the ostentatious roundingIQling compositions." The information is also benevo- taken. In this country, the ninth " Life of Abraham covery." , It would seem, through the explorations oflently given-, that this Byron is " the finest and most Lincoln" is just announced; and it is said that one of Capts. Burton and Speke, that tbe solution of this ge-vigorous English poet since the days* of Shakespeare;" the largest book manufacturing establishments has ographical mystery cannot much longer bo delayed, butterpreting the slightest motion of yours, and of the pliOf her pouch, which popular story sentimentallym/iu's under his n6fie, and of the man's out in the crowd attributed to the fondly inclosed family circle of callow by the door. They have also—his eyes—a provocative jJovcd ones, is owing to secreted stocks of fish; thereadiness for the approaching campaign.—The " Letters of Hannah More to ^achary Macau-work will undoubtedly be a valuable contribution to the history of geographical discovery.—Lord, Carlisle's poetical version of the Book of Dan- iel has been followed by a similar attempt on Job byneighborhoods of Sidney and Botany Bay. largely dispenses, ["nods and becks aud wreathed kun >eproverbially sly).dure th« evil of Shivery for a time. It cannot be easily of North. America, lately mentioned. It is a treatise event, but hcj could goto Jerusalem, where tho Bame or suddenly removed. Xet> while it continnea^itje a on'" The Traces of the Aztec Languages in the North types of humimity exist that .were to be found in the'*With silken coats, raid cups, and jroldun rings,With rutls, and.cutts, and farthingalea and tilings: With Hcari'B. und funs, and double cliurgo of bravery, And amber bracelets, beads, and all tliiu knavery—'•'the op-ima spotia of dead Duchess or highflying lo-retle. Here are the ancestral furnishings of tho lastCount Methusalem de Montararat; there the flashysplendors of BLParvenu-Clichy, victim of a late fallat the Bourse.- Uiclcetty white-wood and ram-blot on our national character, and every real lover of freedom couiidently hopes that it will be effectually, though it .must be gradually wiped away." The re- sult of the trial was the acquittal of Mr. Gruber, the Jury scarcely leaving the box. The report of the case, which is given at length, is of peculiar interest at this time, when the right of free discussion is as-sailed by high authorities, and no tolei-ance is accorded to differences of opinion on the subject of Slavery.•.-of Mexico and the North of America;" and also " An holy places in-the days of our Savior, where the same Examination of the Nations aud Languages of^North- atmosphere could be inhaled, and where tradition couldshaeklier walnut-wood, to-day, move out to make " What must those poor little boys' do that have not distilling apparatus, the liquid as it enters the first stillway to-morrow for invisibly-jointed ebony and rose- " any good shutters to lay over, them '!" But no; this falling upon a concentrated solution of caustic potash,THJ£ AMERICAN ECCLESIASTICAL YEAR-BOOK. Vol. I. By A1MXAXUY.H. J. SCHISM. 12uio. pp. 236". H. Dayton.couches, so richly, lazily luxurious with plush and almost to a disease, for " administration;" for recordingProf. Scbem has brought a natural aptitude for sta-part cf the work consists of a consecutive view of thestatistics of every religious denomination to the com-mencement of the year i860, combining.the facts pre-sented in the annual reports of the religious societies inAmerica and Europe4, and in the religious almanstfe of definitely contradictory to tho creeds of the Church. the United States, England, Germany, France, Hol- The " labor" forwhich he pleads is labor in the Church land, Belgium, and Italy, and forming an extensive of England, for those who cultivate now fields of Bibli- and highly useful collection of ecclesiastical statistics. cal exegesis. Practical latitude for Churchmen is the This' is followed by a summary of the religiousAnd not only does the' assemblage of household gets set do\vn in writing nine times on nine differentno trace after evaporation. It. is then ready for the* preparation of soluble spices, which, as in the case of pepper, for example, is conducted as follows: Tho spice being ground to powder is put in iron wire cages, • with aneet-iran bottoms. These eagea being sot iu a cylindrical vessel to which they are fitted, tho purified sulphuret of carbon is admitted through tho bottom of the outjer cylinder, and flowing up through the cagee dissolves out the aietive principle of' the spice, and by a side pipe of glass placed near the top, the liquid charged with this principle is let off into a cauldron or still. In this:is|placed some substance, as common salt, or salt- peter, sugar of milk or other,sugar, or some other mat- ter, as jdextrine, gum, or flour, for absorbing and be- coming:saturated with the extract. The lower portion of this |till is double, and steaan at the temperature of1-10° toil Mo° Fahrenheit being introduced in the space , Sit the bottom, tho sulphuret of carbon is entirely vol- ntized, sind passing through the worm of a condenser is " recovered, so us to he used again in successive opera- tions, wbih- the extracts is'held by the absorbing aub-stance placed in the still. The length of time required for continuing the process in order to extract all the active principle is indicated by tho color of tho liquid which j flows through the glass tube leading from theenddetired by the Professor, ajjd those who requested history of tbe past year, founded upon the leading tho publication of these powerful sermons. The current journals and other publications of the various denomi- of Ecclesiastical patronage flows sostrongly.in the oppo- nations, and preserving the impartiality which is' site, or Evangelical channels, that it requires some essential to the value of such a record. The theologi- xuoral courage to avow opinions that must blast all—M. Lenoir has prolu-,cal student and parish minister, as well as persons present prospect of professional advaucement.directly concerned in the ecclesiastical policy of-the —Mrs. Ellis, who probably looks upon all mankindday, will find in this volume a store of important as simply materials for the family relation, has in press information, which it would be difficult, if not impossi- "Chapters on Wives; or, Sketches of. Marriedble, for them to collect from other sources. It is the Women." It is to be published by MJ. Bentley,' who intention of Prof. Scbem, should 'sufficient eneodri&c- nho announces "Hunting in the Himmalayas," byHy School at Aix/' was purchased by the EmperorNapoleon. Since then she has exhibited several largopictures; which have found purchasers at much higherprices, and b<jr portraits, a style of art in which Frenchartists have never excelled, have been greatly ad-mired. The real name of this accomplished painter is'Madame de faux, and bhe is the daughter of the Cbiiute?s do Boutillier. Though her parents were in afflu-ent circumstances, her mother, who was an accom-plished singer, thought jt necessary that a womanshould be taught some profession,by which she might,in case of necessity, be enabled to earn her living.When her daightcr was seventeen years of age, there-fore, she urged her to choose either music or painting, and irregular,, mixed, complex, and incongruous— with a view t o perfecting himself in the art, so that iuprominent stand in behalf of the principle* of AnfcL- seemed inexplicable why she should select such an un-Slavery? and continued to labor for the promotion of interesting and heterogeneous trio as William Rufus," one intertangled knot of heterogeneous ramification,to supply the |arbon i•gen obtained froin tin):i 1.1that movement with, untiring energy and zeal until Edward V., and Edward VI.,"for biographical delin-JSandcrs with theisaiuvf bjjeri.tof thirty-seven cetita j m>ed by our ^«-|conq anw fifty cents pef thoudaui woon be tested in a tov:-n c—The reports,ofgaiiton American Ga$-L*ght Ji. ibie lamented death, in the Springof 1849. The present"tie of a name to keep it together." Of necessity,- that hasnot in the course of a month written reeorda, another Vessel. By thisprocess tho activo principle<£.';•.••<j.A:-•• •••• f> 0•,..•.:"•.;'t •• it 'iftCil.\a•'-:.'!'-<- '•-'•:•!•.••Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069:<ii'>-S.k •" -'-:U~i. , : / . ' - • - . '' ...:J, V.>iJOal•mill "..'ern Mexico and the Western part of. North America, from Guadalaxara to the Polar Sea.'* Perhaps the most valuable extant collecton of materials on this subject is found in the MS. Indian vocabularies col- lected at Washington by the late Prof. Turner, and which, no believe, will be included in the sale of his rich ethnological and philological library, which com- mences at Messrs. Bangs, Merwin & Co.'s rooms on Monday next, May 27.now together in one common room, the- social distinc- grace ever sent heaven-ward, shall not be desecrated with- his subject by diligent study and personal ob- awaiting in common the decision of their fate from the Correggio, bought cheap, is a wonderful sensation, all—Dr. Stanley, the. well-known biographer of Dr. from the criticisms that have appeared in the English Arnold, and Professor of Ecslesiastical History at Ox- journals thatj the result of his labors has fully justi- tistical research, and a wide acquaintance with ford, has " come out" in favor of the progressive party, Jied'the devoted labor of the artist. When our artists ecclesiastical aflairs both iu Europe and America, to represented by Prof. Jewett, Baden Powell, and others. undertake their woric in the same spirit that animatedthe preparation of this valaable manual. The first He has just published through Messrs. Parker two ser- Mr..Hunt, wte believe they will find themselves amplySilken damask and frizzled capillary attraction to re- and checking, and counterchecking; filling out blanks,pope, as if sent in from the state rooms of the Castle of .and hookeeping by quadruple entry. A bedstead on etherial product is obtained somewhat resembling chlo-mons, entitled " Freedom and Labor," preached before the Unhersityof Oxford. The " freedom" of which Prof. Stanley is the eloquent advocate is freedom in the Church of England, for the expression of opinions notrepaid by tluj result of their labors.••Lgoods jand raiment at the Hotel Drouot, thoughtfullyconsidered, represent, in a sort, modern .Parisian so-ciety in all its diversity, being made up of deputies, asit were, from.the Faubourg St. Germain and the Fau- moderate eater, as is shown by the very moderate sum liourg St. Anionic, from thq salons and the mdnsardes ; total on tho one hundred and fifty-fourth line of the but longside of the last modes of cabinet-work, up- bill. It was my sorrowful duty last year to attend to holstery, and even 'manfcua-makiug, are frequent dis- the funeral ceremonies and interment in one of the plays of the nco-grec uglinesses, of the first Empire, and cemeteries of the city of a fellow-countryman.. I have of the various styles of all the Louis. The municipal already received seven different papers (orders, bills, government employs a connoisseur, whoso••business it receipts, 05c.) on the subject, from public administra-Af•-v ;>,•, '« 4• •-.'• •'-,•••••.*; • : ; . .••a ^^body of English nistory from the Conquest to the Rev-est from, the glimpses they give of the boyhood ofsisters, succeeded Hannah More in the management of when Viscount Maidstone by like indiscretions of aand career. In 1824, she says: "Is Tom bringing out from the Idescription of the Patriarch's restoration toThe whole Book is rendered in the same John the ancient Marsilla," instead of Massalia or Masxil- Christian Observer, which I have had the honor of Gilpin meter. '.VIEWS OF THINGS, ETC., IN PARIS. regio and of all doubts us to its authenticity. of! one of the Treasury bureaus, may be said to travelened; it is only the index to the 13th volume of T)ieZia; the principal town in Norway is Christiana, composing." Still earlier she tells his father how she —An elegant edition of the collected works of M.!hotel," "pants," for tro-wser»," and others equallyBy his side,' ati the desk, sits a clerk, sometimes \Vitb a passport, that is visecd at every stage of its'instead of Chrisliania; " >he real name of Munich is Munchen," Instead of "the German name.of Munich is MUncken.'' The author has contrived to pick up aTHE HOTEL DROUOTIs behind the Grand Opera, topographically speaking;regarded'from a higher stand-point than the Boulevardde Gaud, it is in some respects before it. At the GrandOpera, large portions of the audience for large parts ofthe hours between 8 and 12 o'clock, are Oppressed withtedium. The main elements of pastime then »re thethere are two, keeping record of the sale, making out'jjrogressi And the hierarchy of this numerous priest-had given him the choice of any book within the limitof two guineas; but that on a visit to Hatchard's shophe had been unable to determine his choice. This is agood many American vulgarisms, such as " locate at a curious fact; no doubt the indefinite " potentiality" Monlcspaik They are beautifully got up, and illus-detestable(asDr. Johnson called it), implied in this privilege was too. delightful for the greatest reader of his day to be suddenly terminated.—The success of Miss Winkworth's Lyrahas led to another atte^mpt to communicate some of the treasures of German sacred poetry to English readers, under the. name of Lyra Domcstica. Mr. Massie has published a selection from the "Psaltery and Harp" of C. J. Spitta, one of the later German hymnologists,trated with*ngravings and fac-shniles. HousHaye's spirited and graphic sketches of the last certury (Phi- losophers |and Actresses) had many readers in this countiy, when translated a few years since, but critics complain tljiat the fecundity of hiB pen is out of pro-the public, is the stage of action ofithe.crieur, who fillsgnetf.icg thereof, for making calls from box to box, for too, are comprehensive and infectious to the last de- taxgatherer of Carpentras.THE LIFE OF JACOB GIH7BER. 12uio. pp. 3^4. Cariton Sc Porter.By W. P. STKiCXJ^jfD.In this biography of one of the curious originals, of •which not a fow remarkable specimens have been found in the ministry of the Methodist Church in the„ United States, Dr. Strickland has given a lively narra- , tive of the incidents "which abounded in a bold and11jam sure that every sip of Madame Basque's aro- open air. There is something, indeed, to suit each of lungs are brazen; j for his mouth—if he be a good crier nratfc coffee has been drank as well as charged; I am several tastes in turn; no continuous common thing to —he is a true Chrylostoni. He catches your ambigu- surd of getting the three final papers in reference to poor suit them all. When Tweedle vibrates with pleasure ous glance, and liftSjit up, as it were,, by a slight evo- F,'sinterment. The knocked-down bedstead is sure to Twaddle yawns; where young Greene is greedily lution of his own !that peculiarly) combines tentatory be set up at last in the new owner's chamber; which —Connoisseurs on this side of the Atlantic are fa- a-gaze with admiration, satiated old Brown gapes from questioning with auxiliary confirmation of high re- reminds me how far I have wandered from the Hotel•vocal music, the instrumental music, the scenery, theballet, high and low dressing—entrc acics for the lor- the chief talking vole in the performances. His eyes, self would have as little facility in peculation as theextraordinary, not to *ay, eccentric career. Old Jacob whose productions arc ranked by his countrymenGroiwr WJW a strongly marked man. Without the advantages of early education, or of uncommon mental ability, his overflowing humor, his ready wit, and his genuine excellence of character, gave him great in- fluence in his day as a local preacher, and will pre- serve his name in the memory of a new generation. One of the most interesting events of hia life, the full details of which are giveu by his biographer, wa« hiaprosecution for preaching a aermon on the evils-of Shrvery. Thin was delivered at a camp-meeting in Washington Coonty, 3fd., in the year 1818, before anaudience of about^flve thousand persona, including be tween three and four hundred blacks. It contained a spirited rebuke of the institution of Slavery, thoughamong the most fervent and exalted strains of. the sacred lyre. The versions are full aod harmonious, and the work is beautifully printed and got up by Messrs. Longmans, who issue it.—A copy of Shakespeare, which is pronounced to'be unique, will be sold by Messrs. Patrick and Simpson, at London, in the month of June, with the library of the bate Thomas Turner, esq., of Gloucester. It is/Boy;dell's splendid edition, which in its normal state forms nine volumes folio; this, iu the present instance, is ex- tended by the insertion of upward of live thousand en-gravings, original drawings, &c., to forty-five bargefolio volumes, full bound in morocco, and is " believedpailiar, not only with the name of that eminent Pre- drowsiness; what is Jenkins' disgust is Didsbury's solve; so ,fhat,.|-af- you keep looking at him and he D robot. rGermanicawemmmmm**i]VEW-YOSK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY,MAT 20,I8S0.:;" .'.','''•'':•' '":•"\\- .••epfee'orfruit is en eous vehicle, andj or gum, andthihr m. carbon; and.any at «ycn to the product portions of the absOrbeim |ln treating of garlic. jitjke expressed by by* tfefe sujphnret of carboncipie.j i t the Inhibition attidn« were especially nw i r e Used $t t!i«- rc*mbiiion.SOAPS.—Great imp"-*]manufacture of Hoap;<. the proceeeeB of Mm. F don. Theee depend / certain ebemieal con.j •which tbeii detersive jThe soap bj;ing <li*soi %* gome ammtmiacul com together with some l.<. lfcntfcuUtar.ee, as jrpu tha, cainph^ne, benznlej pounds derived from U e ters. Tlie proportion o byjthe Latoi-e of the vk account of the yoLituV y beat is iavoided in mix dextrine, oriaomc gelatin which is soluble in ivaholding the other fcult eal-combjiat ion. Peri ui duced to dixj ib-e the o»ioThe following i- a » one! of tb« processes. S. in two r|ouu|li', of warm of water are! added alio ^exfrine, oat-meal, or >t gloe, or other gelatiwoi may be employed whkn- 8iiion, and cjiake the in,.r tbua prepared by bollL solution of soap, and istirred till the jngred together. It is now tas in continued till the t-*100V, when about foulrt tme^ naphthfi, campKei.e iftun<e is added t»getij< saturated eolation of-cu tuns should ax:ii.'i be turnlcd into suitable'vev the carbon are of amm'oo eighth its weight of t i e the iPbarinHCoyeiHs.-7-At the March m<-r Profcseor^'aratlay read trie j light for Hght-hong the great value of tlie. poeejs cOnri&nB in its i;,i by•Ji in a Very small i»pac paratuw is infidel to con.v into'jthe reqjuii-evi dirt.-cliequal amount of light, froi flame must be two thout* tl)e electric fight, and t h | larg]*r. An electric \'.J.h Forelahd hij^h light f«r s:fronj "ma"gnet|ic electriei y. netii wheels driven b% r\ The]wholecost b«-yo!i>ir.Lcoke and waters-equip v * ilnd arbon-ppints for.ti.K! peri) lent has been :\ S:J- *e up a id down the CIrftn; el a po ver far kujpaesmg tl exi*: ence.—jff. Montigny. in a no of Bjjlgium, questbins tbe laidjlown injthe books. Sept^rmber last he, white fromj where tbe b'gbtnitig Becpidsbetween'the lig ti the rate of triivcl'of the •*< feet 'er second, as is ,fc*ie have been a;i intervalU^jent .-man, situated a: .nva othei direeti"]) from tlie j'l couh [perceive no greater i Man: rother ft.cts are ii- "oludon.yf^fi,•—The jgreat scientific inventions of the day oftengent mo by its late proprietors. They were f6te fur- jrashers retiring frojm business. They dealt in the ex- j remarliof this exaggerated- bureaucracy that it' has'*;»&Alfred Marten. _ _ Q Q FanrieV • Translated ed in the law of copyright in England. The introduc- society like any other fine lady, and,' by tho system-,„ v i w *h« NewaboT.. 18mo., pp. A«* John EUard. the Newabo*ThiB. is exemplified by the change imperatively demand- prby tionofphotographicmultiplicationsofpaintingsandhousehold affairs, makes her] own bonnets, appears inM8voppm: ^^BsSi^m - - -thegeneralpublicansperorder. Funerals,balls,ec-jWis concerned, while the vested rights of the publisher are reduced to a most anomalous state—it being a mat- ter of doubt whether he can, by law, recover damages againBt the piratical photographer who may issue copies of ;his productions. The question is brought bo- fore tbeiEnglish Government by the Society of Arts..' —A fac-similo edition of Tyndale's Testament, ac- curately (traced and reproduced from the unique orig- inal copy in tho library of the Baptist College at Bris tol, is preparing; by\Mr. Fry, a well-known biblio- grapheriof tliat city, who will be happy to receivesubscriptions for copies, to defray in part the expense..A fow copies will be printed on largo paper, and twoon vellum. Lithography will be the medium of repro-duction! of the volume, whose history is well known.It is thelonly perfect copy existing of tho EnglishTes-ment printed at Wurmsin 1525 by William Tyndale,the Reformer and martyr, which was formerly .the* he might recover his reputed love of fair play. He ha=ichief ornament of the Harlojan, Library, and passed not only shown his entire want of it in the Hoenau and through! various hands, till bequeathed to its pres- Sayers combat, but it has always been notoriously lack-gayety, religious devotion however profound and orna-,! Mrelyln the Territories ! But if cumbersome, it i*;J ^HS^ft„^ - StatnbackWU.cn,riw&L i2mo. pp. 310 Uriah Hunt & Son., / r S o i i Plane and Spherical Trigonometry. By Enoch!L«wi» 8vo. PP- 228- Th° Same.Kathcrine Morris": An Autobiography. By th* Author of " Stjpby Step/' 12mo. pp.353. V alfcer , Wise 8c Co. Sold by D.Appleton&Co. • _ . OntliiK" of tbf First Connw of Yale Agncultural Lectures. By Henry S. plcott. With an introduction by John A. Porter.12mo. pp. 186; C. M. Saxton. Barker fc Co.Home As Found. By J. Fenimore Cooper. Illustrated by.. Darl«y. 12nio. pp. 507. W . A. To-wmsond k Co.The West Indfc* and the Spanish Main. By Anthony Trollope.'mental, Napoleonic enthusiasm however spontaneousot confused; and if rather slow in its procosses,is quite ure. In the Government Treasury Department, for xample: put in an honest, proved claim against Gov-' rnment, and, after delays, that, however long and^^^Q,Amene Hpussaye is in course of publication at Paris. The two .volumes issued, include Le Roi Voltaire, Marhwuisdlc dc la ' Vall eric, and Madame dcbills and filling out double bulletins, one of which is hood of the service of the public mammon is so cunningly pasted'to the knocked-down' thing,' and the other •aB-rlnged, that no individual, nor any class of its. mem-handed to the purchaser, who, unles- a u u tter stranger, biers, has the care of a franc to himself or to itself. is not expected to,pay at the moment. A space before KOBany ono of them to abstract a franc on its passage,the desk and behind the tables that-separate him from is about as easy as for any one person in the line at afire ito abstract a bucket. And Minister Magne him-portion to the real value of his productions.conversation in the foyer, or for slipping Out into tbe gree. The volubility of his tongue is miraculous; hisARTITEMS.l^ose sketches of its striking features—"off-hand and blanks to fill out., The excess of faireauZism has b e - .come a burden to ministers themselves. If/I* but*-* fitae,while ago that the Minister of the Interior put "fmd it difficult tokill time, ai^d who cannot dress them- "magTiiiicent materiel," a catalogue of which was) inder them, deprecating official verbiage.- •selves without the assistance^ of a maid, it may be wellemotions and turned them out chaste, florid, gorgeous, j jTo an American accustomed to look out for, answer adapted to private 1 families or the use of schools, or to | ;or, and generally do for himself, and to be pam'cularlr"iengravingshasrenderedtheexistingstatutesalmostuseless, BOfar as the. origrrial production of the artist. day in her atelier. She is thoroughly neat solemnly scenic mourning,' the most brilliantly tinted 'j ft surely Would be in the United States, and yet more'atic employment of her time, produces her pic- turcB by spending not mfre than two hours anot looked out for by government, it seems an irritat-1 clesiasllcalffites, politicaldemonstrations—themost1jnglyrestrictivemachinery;uselessanddamnable—e«in her drees, and never wears a mixture of eithercolors or material in her costjumes; yet she is conspicu-ous in the • brilliant circles in which she visits for her and irrepressible—for all these the Messrs. X. conelegance and grace of manner. Why have we.no Henrictte Browns in Fifth avenue, where the vicissi- tudes of fortune are quite as great as they are in Pans? But, perhaps there are, only we do not know them. In the present Exhibition of the National Academy there is at'least one painting by a lady, which gives evidence of talents of a very high order, if there were any necessity for their exercise. It is only a.'flower piece, to be sure, but it is so exquisite in finish and shows so genuine a feeling for nature, that we could almost wish there were the spur of necessity to compel tbe production of more.—We wish John Bull would do something by whichRaphaelite artist, Holman Hunt, but w ith his style of delight. All escape from the irksome seats of the G rand keeps looking at'ybu—and at anybody else in the com--work, from seeing his pictures, " The Light of tho Opera at midnight, fundamentally fagged^. The per- pany worth his looking at—tfere ensues a hitchet-a- SCIENCE, World," and " The Eve of St. Agnes." The first ofINDUSTRY,AND INVENTION." I I I <=> formances at the Hotel Drouot are of sustained interest. b'atc'hetty series of ejaculations^'and up you go tp 39there is now the property of Mr. John Wolfe of New- They combine instruction with amusement to a degree francs—with a triumphant feel. You have got theYork. Nothing new has been exhibited from his j>eu- unequaled by any game of cards, popular lectures, or Correggio, and tbe other fellow has not got it. I thinkcil during the past four years, he having been engaged 12mo. literary dilution destined to make easy Biblical they make a good deal of accounj upon this sentimentduring thaij time on a picture which in just now creat- exegesis and astronomical science, or fill the gap in of antagonism and triumph over'thej opposing bidder—ing a greater Sensation in England than any painting every gentleman's uncompleted library. Entrance is these auctioneers. Before the crier, in order of intel-has done in modern times. The eubjeet is the "Finding gratis; and every spectator may at will become an lectual rank,"is the';expert. He i%a man/if a being ofof Christ in the Temple." It is worth the while of our actor. In the last ease ho is liable to pay, and even such endowment and acquirement can be so called, tual nise as subst itutes for the preparations before madeill' • dearishly sometimes, but has for the price, beside a who sees below the surface of artistic things to their or-young artists to learn by what means an artist, who material result''.'and valuable experience to take away igins, authors, intrinsic qualities, and market values. Itfrom fruits and flowers. At the present time some of tbje choicest extracts for culinary purposes arc pro- duced from the fetid fusel oil which is separated from thjeicrude brandies and whiskies in the process of recti-fjicxattKion, and the most delicious perfumes for the toilet from substances extracted from the coal tar of the gas works, and even from still more offensive substances.Aipeculiar disgusting compound of sulphur and car bon, obtained as'a liquid by condensing the vapor of sulphur after parsing it over red hot charcoal, and known n* sulphurct of carbon, has long bceii known aa a powerful solvent of India rubber; for which purpose it has of late years been manufactured' in large quanti- ties. It is distinguished for its pungent tsute and a pe-to be the most extensively-illntttrated Shakespeare had already achieved a reputation, soughtto justify the with him, a fine excitement, so that a performance at is he who decides the order of their%6ing, and sets uponfree from extravagant or offensive language. Some of ever formed." The late Mr. W. E. Burton was for praises which hisfriends had bestowed upon him, and la- this institution sustains, over ordinary, public, so-called them their supposed proper pri<"-c, a$ they are presentedto start off to Europe, where they have executed their eurs, Auctioneer's Hall, as we might translate.- Itmgwork. Leutze, for example, painted hia Americanpictures, in Dusscldorf; May * went to Paris to paint that often serves for a-.seventeenth; into, which anda fellow of his who| receives it, directly it is knockeddown, sticks upon it the numbered bulletin aud takesit to the adjoining magazine room; Whence, if it be athing within the compass of hand carriage, you reclaimWashington's Resignation, for tho State of Mary- land; Powell no sooner received the commission to paint Do Soto's Discovery of the Mississippi, than he went over to.the French capital, in doing'which he followed the example of Vanderlyii when he got the commission, from Congress for the picture of the Landing of-..Columbus. Schwartze's picture of the Landing of the Pilgrims was painted either, in Paris or DUeseldorf. The consequences have been'that these his- torical pictures have nothing historical about them, but are in fact pictures of French and Germanmodels in mas- querade dresses, and without the least indication of American feeling. But Mr. Holman Hunt has a very diflerentlfeclmg for the dignity of artyand, when he paints a historical picture, puts as much local truth in it as he can. In representing the subject Of the Finding of Christ in the Temple he could not roll back the eighteen centuries that had intervened since thatout. of which, from'.early autumn to late spring, French moveable, second-hand property of all sorts, is,Withoutit at the close of the performances, give the commis- culiar feted odor, due to the sulphureted hydrogenservation. More than a year and a half he devoted to the acquisition of the accessorial materials of his work in the Holy City, and nearly five years were employed in executing upon the canvas his conception of the subject. Such unflinching devotion as this to the ex- pression of al noble thought would givo dignity to a failure • in tile execution; but we are happy to learnpants of kitchen, garret,•cellar, parlor, and bedroom. It is quite a picture of Baris^ife—still life—its up andThen, there are the policemen, scrgents de ville, in-evitable settlers in all Parisian places of public resort.condenses in the worm of the still, and is collected un- der} distilled \vater in a small glass vessel. The sul- phuret can also be rectified by simply bringing it in eon- tact with concentrated solutions of the chemical rea- gents named and decanting it successively from these many times. When rectified the disagreeable smell of sulphureted hydrogen has entirely disappeared, and anhundredths of h transmission of irktellithe event Of ber ever being reduced iu fortune,, shemight retort ito it for tho means of support. Tho " little radical connectedness as a nosegay, and but theyoung lady h id never felt any special inclination foreation; but it is accounted for by the fiact that their art; but, 'preferring painting to music, she was placed then, as much as of purpose, I venture only a few receipts/orders, reports or what not to make, out, orcontains sixteen sales-rooms, and incloses a court-yard,hold things, from lowliest pots and pans, and .coarsekitchen clouts, and grossest earthen vessels of dishonor,to sculptured vases in bronze and alabaster, and Au-hugging it under your arm, go home rejoicing. Ah!what a sensation is that you enjoy when, hugging your of Rouen for making what' he designates soluble spices,' first Correggio under your arm,'you push homeward and other soluble preparations of food. By means ofPicU,; the nex,°t is gayC '"'intensified just in proportion.as its exuberance is com- condiments, such as garlic, onions, shallot, and various pressed by needful observance of the outward street- fruits, and causing these to be taken up by some inert proprieties, and of indulgent pity for the less fortunate body, as gum, sugar of milk, common salt, or other public,, ignorant and indifl'erent as to your superiority. substance adapted to the particular extract, he prepares It is indescribable, sui-generical. To those who have ' them for the use of the table, putting them up in ves- not felt it properly, it can Only be demonstrated tropi- • tiels intended to be placed upon consoles or etageres, cally. Consider 'a proud, happy mother and a suc- and made attractive by the taste displayed in their or- . cessful trout-fisher, combined with that little boy who, namciitation. •when his poor mother, one cold night, spread a succe- In bis process the first object is to purify and deodo- dancOus shutter .over his unblanketed bed, exclaimed, rize the sulphurc-t of carbon. This is done in a peculiarwood, and costly buhl and marqueterio. Huddled sweetest, deepest, purest, sun-aimed, 'light-wingedtraded, as Messrs. Pcto & Brassy contract for rail-roads, long or short/ embanked or tunneled, steep oreasy grades. • Here are a few chance quotations fromtheir voluminous catalogue: "Statues of saints, arti- calculable, it will come out at the other end Oasbed; f i c i a l flowers, escutcheons, hatchments, balloons, While a dishonest one getu so thoroughly sifted that t h i " altars and altar cloths, chandeliers, episcopal chairs, claimsuit need to bolt himself to escape the tribunalsw" their Imperial Majesties," &c.Quack! quack! [cluck! cluck! cock-a-doodle-doo!Excellent'; for promptness as well as purity. Defalca-or of soft sulphate of lead, heated to 140° or 145° Fah- renheit. The vapor then passes successively in other stilly each of which contains solutions of some com- pounds with an alkaline or metallic base, as of potash,leveling hammer of the auctioneer, are tho late occu- the same. , • ' snlfs of load, iron, copper, & c , or of barytes. It then,supply the facts which no written records furnish.' ToJerusalem accordingly he went,and imbued his thought's tions all mocked at, as in the prisons of the Revolution, by comparisons. Though carrying home your ownflown Stairs phases, and its strange vicissitudes. Rush- Lastly, there are the, if possible, still more inevitablebe,., time which.it require;-';<> gbottomed chairs and thin matted beds of .hard-working servants now crowd and jostle masters'fautenils andclerical employees, the bureaulistsof the administrationof the Hotel. The French have ja passion, that amountsof electricity ir. the wires the battery.—Spain is net idle in a;- vatory at Madrid, undery Vela, has two aStronom principal instrument-s are .• t*mt of OerHing,-a sidmrtl <from Dent, a r leridjan cue*•$.'},000, and an equator al )>- Tl e Observatory bubliall the scientific progtetor has suggci-ted to M which the mountain MIndolence, r?ther than from the apartment of Monsieur X., banker, deceased, in the Chaussee d'Antin.its directest road from a dead man's room, throttgbrthe roform' in its odor, and possessing solvent properties farHotel Drouot, to the chamber of its next live occupant, superior to the impure commercial article, and leaving—Madame Henrictte Brown is the nom dephiceaua lady painter in Paris, who has hardly been heard ofin this country, but who is, in her line, a veiy remark-able artist. She delights in painting human figures,and at the.great exhibition of 1855 in Paris she ex-hibited five pjcturee, for which she received the geldmedal of the third class. -These were the iirsc picturesshe had exhibited in public; ono of.them " A Friar ofthe Order of Christian Doctrine," was purchased byan Knglishmun for 4,000 francs, and another, " A Char is to bid oil', with wise selection, such objects as may tions; I must baveUbree'inoro to complete the businessofproperly enrich the historical museum, illustrative of side of it. I have signed nearly as many more papers ol<T .French m a n n e r s and customs, which the city is' or books, and have had to do, on this account, with forming; but he has less to do in the ordinary furniture eight different clerks of bureaus, and shall have to do sales than at the numerous "qentcs dc cufiosites et with two more. Had my poor friend been a resident " d'objiits d'art," of which I have not hero time nor here, with ever so little goods, instead of being a one- space to speak. trunk visitor to Paris, the number of papers and clerksiical motor, which is pin i wnall scale. It consW inder, into eitlter md i I"*jet of ordhuu-y gjas l'rbiu uir; tlie gas entering iu ;• t tiou of from two tlo fiv • j * I a spark from ;i lEttlethe invention is in reai itv ; gas. A machine pf our-no twelve hours with; o which at New-Y ork p • - y* of gas two cents per bon'. \—Itis clainledlthta the Isoard, whicli vjo hsw Tuiui'NE, will furni«4 gjf <\>al-gas^.t an expenseISrot that I purpose to give at any future date on any in the case would be doubled." which,- though sometimes beautiful, has almoBt.asUntitled Documentpieces of paper. Excellent Madame Bosque's'last monthly bill of my dinners cmbracew one hundred and fifty-three'distinct items [it is paid], though I am alvexatious, are at least regulated and approximately(Hie immense current' receipts and expenditures ofchecked, and controlled by this multitude of btireaulists,prjoti ucing from highly noxious and offensive materials compounds which possess the properties of the most agreeable flavors and. essences, and which serve in ac-come into use in France, under a patent of M. Bonierecylinder! to the still.is then closed, and the liquor remaining in the cylinder is'ullbwed to flow out through the bottom; after which. steam iaadmitted to carry off tho last portions of eul* phurut iof carbon which is collected and condensed i%The connection between the twofive cents per, thousand• f-Ji' www.fultonhistory.com 