 r^"last sixpence."Successcrownstheeffortsnotsooftenofthe herselfonthestoolofrepentanceandpromised Noitb,tosecurethemercantileand.industrialadvantagesofathe average, one hundred uncompromising Aboli-" '•'-\'*&*%1&%ft3t1t*ffij$nsiuc&& ]$[ot£ct&»•KWW*AMM*«MMM«»MMMMM^MAM«WVW«l«M«WMWWWM«*PHRENOLOGICAL EXAMINATIONS, "iusv«A»n ana*T< litWrftt«n DwcwTOOx» of Given Daily b yCaxxxcrXti,MONDAY;BECBMBSS5,1880.Our Charter Election takee place To-Morrow. tion is not their incitement, but their opportunity.In this view of theoaae, & e seceding Spates, eete, and prejudices of slaveholders with ,therecent instancesI'Jbeea' deficient. M r. I)ayton'«K0WU» AND WBLIS,No. 308 Broadway, New-York.361 CURTAINMATERIALSATPANICPRICES! 351sionists. They tell us frankly that Lincoln's elec-moral convictions and conscientious scruples of character is undoubted and his ability unques- so far as Slavery is concerned, would evident)/ tioned, and he belongs" > Ju8t. t o a t class of citi-put themselves into a worse position than that Anti-Slavery communities. .inwhichtheystandatpresent. Itissufficient- An"irresistibleconflict"exists. Itmustcon- zens,whomthedegrading influences thathaveto-night, at wbreh Utate Convention.NKU-C - . A Committee olHouston to conv: e responded that vjew he could not call t) ef -the citizens of the $i standintheway..SATI.X DKLAJXMDAMASK* 35* Rare* 1 50, usually «old at * 3 00 73,usuaUysoldat 100 1 25, utuailj sold at ISOWeentreateverylegalvotertoexorcisehisRight ThePersonalLibertyactsarebutamake-weight,of Suffrage in favor of the best and most honest not the essential matter. Their vital grievancemenamongthoseinnomination.Insomecases,bad istherelativeprosperity,growthand.wealthof ofsecession,isnotcontemplated,eveninSouthlowered, for years past, the standard of qualifi- Unless it can be removed from the arena of cation for the Alderman's office nave hinderedLAC» CBXTAJN*! NOTTUTOHAK LAC* CURTAINS!GILT Covxica*. V u m a u u LACK.B e s t FRXJJCH BKOCA TKLLK.Wtxfcow SMADIW-HOU, White, and Gold Border, m*do andnational politics, the Union,cannot long continue. from becoming candidates. Good citizens, with- urgency with which The Charleston Mercury, Eyery day the breach widens. Neutrality be- out distinction of party, should <#&fi forward topot up.351..All reduced 20 per cent Fx&oceox BXOTMBIU.No.3S1 Broadway.351Carolina, without serious alarm. Henee, t h eand other leaders in this movement, argue that comes impossible. If anything, can be doneto supporthim.A BARE CHANCE.—-The STOCK and GOOD WILL•C a Srsa-r*** paying bosutaaa, loeated la Chicago, U offered for •oloopott the looet abend terxaa. Kor full particular* address the'" 1 'smdarUpind, or One. A . W***um at ClccinnatL JOHX D. PARK,_ ^ _ No.HKLake-t,,Chicago,BUnofa.BEXXIA OR KUFTTJRE CURED." W«trra*a PATRXT LKTM Tnuaa" U radically different in -principle aud adieu from any in iue.nt Union of Slave and Free States is^ that tee, will probably bringfonrard mMvarm immediatelyV*» <*>• reningCongressforreliefoftheTrearory."The Governorwi] / men to appoint a da;.lac XAM»T TOm , 1'Ai>AJ.TKMJU>AT TLMAMCMB. id. MOOT rowixcci. OK WJKAAUUT cojrraoixao. 3d. OOK»unu» INvrAan Asra w*AK» ACTIO*.4th. N o pod on the back or aadoe pressure.Sta. Doe* aot woik oot o f place, U cleanly.6th. T h e ©over oaa b e washed at. pleasure.7th. la setf-acilug, durable, aad easy to wear.Solo proprietor*, GawtoaT k. Co., N o . » FamphleU gratia.PHRENOLOGICAL EXAMINATIONS, With CHART* aadnot Reform tickets composed of the good of all parties; but.do the best you can.Congress meets to-day. W e do not expect the Message until to-morrow.;tary to her growth and glory, with Mexico, Cen-mere going out Of the Union is the smallestmethod than a resort to arms.Let us frankly admit the great and growingWrittenNo.DascaiiTiox* o f Oivon DailybyCKARACTRR,(ould be borrowed. W e ask them now to mend he new Administration in funds without furtherFOWJLKX A»BTwaixa,3U> broadway, New-Y ork.A CHRISTMAS PRESENT.W S M U X -fe WIUOS'A SKWI.NU MACHIXR,WIT* ntroKTAST ixruoYaxasmt, ATaaovcao PRICKS, will proTo the moat acceptable present that can beoffered toalady during the Christina* Holiday*., Ujgcey ANQ.505 Broadway, New-York.HURRA Y -STREET FIRE.Nxw-Yoax, NOT.26,I860.Hoawfc A. 8. MAKYIV k. Co.,(Successors t o Stearns k. Karris).Weoheerfauyaddourteatioioaytothevalueofyour Fix«- Paoo» S*XaMAj»J»at SAVaa, as our books and paper* of everyNo sacrifice of conscientious convictions of duty us' call a dead halt in borrowings and beganhardlyestimateatpresent thevain**ithasbeentous.,Oar Sate stood in the hottest place in the building, and fellthrough t o t h e o » t Boor, where w e recovered It.E. STOMI St Co.,tothisTule,wethinktheywouldtakecareto 'Tremendous cheers.' Alas! it cannot be elected Lincoln and Hamlin and those who, must be treated as a question of purely domestic present better candidates than some who ar»No.29Murray-st.,New-York. STILL AXOTHKR. .setallauthorityatdefiance.Hehasatlength, singlemancanreformhimselfwithoutstern lifyit,arethoseofT/MJConstitution,theorgan mustbeprohibited,asrepugnanttothesenti-> Meeara.Hook,Skinnerk.Co.alsoh*doneofourSafes,which preserved all it* contents perfectly, a certihcate from whom willatthehandsofJudgeGould,receivedhisde-sufferingandworking;howmuchlesscana oftheSecessionistsatWashington,andofThements of the North and unnecessary to the peaceTHELATESTNEW&RECEIVED BYMAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.he published.arcHT«t»SPXAKroa THKK»II.T«8.Alargeassortxuentonhandatourwarehouses,atlowprices. A. S. MARVU* k, Co.,,No. 3a5 Broadway, New-York. No. 57 Gravier-st., New-Orleans.CONCENTRATEO LEAVEN.Breed,Roll*,Cakes,andPastry areproduced,altogetherofa hotter quality, by the mingling of Memos. Edward Chaniberiin k. Co.** (Boston, Mass.) CONCKMTRATRD LKAVKX in the floor. It i*saidtobenurmorewholesomethanyeast.ForsatebyGrocersandDruggistsgenerally.Gxo. H . BATK», Wholesale Agent, No. 189 Pearl-»t.PHRENOLOGICAL EXAMINATIONS,\Vith CUAXTSandW ritten DKSCHIt r i o s * o f CHAKAOTKK, biven Daily b yFOViLKX JL»D VVaLLS,No. 3o« broadway, New-Vork. GAS iiXTURES, & c ,serts. The general impression is that the ver-nation of men I The serpent sheds not his old Evening Journal at Albany, the organ of one of or welfare of the South. Instead of the present skinwithoutrustydisconsolateness:heisnotthemostinfluentialpoliticiansoftheRepublican FugitiveAct,sostringentinitsprovisions,yetUAS FiXTVxxa.F a a v c a BXONZJU, DIXXCT IXPOKTATION, consisting of MAXTSLOxxAxaxTs,BTATUXTTXH,OKUCPS,1.VKSTAXA>S,ac. , Plumbing and Gas fc'ituug attended, to as usual, at No. 331 4th-»i., and No. u Astor ktou*«, barclay-st. HOUSE JbURNisHiNO GOODSA T PAMIV Pajcas.. OurosoalSouthernSalesHavinginagreatmeasurebeenstop-pedbyreasonoithepresentpoliticaltroubleswoarepreparedto offer lot CAMU¥100,000 WORTH orCausa, GLA&» VVA**, riaTKB PLATXO Goon*, CHAxnauaxa,Bxoxzxa, CIA>\:KS and >'A.VCT Goonti,At prices heretofore unanown in this market.Those "Complete ttets," SW pieces of French Cntna and Rich Cut azut Engraved OJsss Ware aie still farther reduced to $66. We invito muixumeOiste examiustion of our goods and prions.E.V.ilAUtfMwouTJCCo., Nos. 488, 490 and 492 Broadway, corner Broome-st.SQUIKE & LANDERhareforaaleRXALGOLDJXWXLXYandEXOLIBH STKXLiyoSIL- TxawsJui 5 per cent leas than any other house in tae city.< I\o. 97 yuiton-st., near,William.TOWER CLOCKS, JUEGULATORS, A N D OFFICECLOCKS' themostaccuratetimeaeepex*intheworld.Sriixxt AtCo.,No.4tr7Broadway.conditions on which they shall hereafter live together.dressed him after this fashion: "John, I dare at the bottom of the valley of humiliation. No '.'For the argument «ake, lot us imagine this deHiruble point at-THE STERKOSCOPIC EMPORIUM, Wholesale and faction. •of Democrats,faithful. M r .and Mr. Clay soon after hia health will permit. Mr. Toombs is expected in a few days.JUtvd.—Z. AXTaoxr, No.50i Brosdway.Catalogues sent on receipt of atamp. Phonographic materials" Senators Salisbury, of Delaware; Powell, of Kentucky; Nicholson of Tennessee; Brown of Mississippi; Wigfall of Texas, and many others, express these opinions.Carefully abstain from any act of hostility which, as between independent States, would afford oc- casion for war.principles which actuated the founders of the Republic when they invested diverse interests with unity,. and. established the relations which Northern fanaticism has striven t o subvert and destroy." ' . * • • ' 't h e President h a s summoned t h a Slidell will b e here to-morrow,for amateurs aad the tiade.BATCIIELOR'S HAIR L»YE.—Keliable, nanniesMa n dRepresentativesa tt h eapproachinggland.BALL, BLACK it Co.PHRENOLOGICAL EXAMINATIONS,.W ith CHARTS andWritten DxeciPTioxs of CXAXACTXX, Given Daily b yFO'WLKRAM>WKLLS, - No 3ve Broadway, New- York.teeth on the ever-whirling stone .of experience, of Fort Moultrie, or any other of the fortifica- the slave interest may desire.to extendi?;. Now, prove an olive branch indicative of a final andcome, and shower wreaths and flowers upon his sacredfully understood that their divisions gave us the We should stand, as to this matter, in the same quirement of the'Constitution; and we are as much bound to ob- important. not be communicated to Congress, but the mate-Capt. Doak st; tet fearing an attack fror of Jay-Hawkers, hel directedthat a call b County te note H border.Capt..Doak,whyu Troon this dispatched t h e ^ w h o s t a n d UIKM surprise. ThhusaUi all the border towfciAlargemeeting•f County)washeldUMI border trouble*. G\ «mdJoseph C. AlexaSpeecheswerewant VJudgeWilliams,K.Gen. Frog's brigax CalhounandBehnon men having very*o: overronghroads:Gen. Parsons past Stsecret rnissioiitoth< At the latest aecocamped at or netu- Ko takehim. Itwthou hearsoftheapproachThe people in all fictionofGovernorS theycanonlycawijfc thanksgivingwillbeGen.Frost'scomu>hptin.Twosuspiciouscin erv's spies, were «e« ofHenryComity,ma Scott,Montgomery's mej ing out reports to ini These receut outAbolition bands hereabouts.The FaleatPORT! AThe steamship. Pa O'clock thin aiteruoBorEl-it.sively added to her empire. All this may be be allowed to go out -without resistance, what discrepancy of principles and prejudices. L et usvery foolish or very mad; but it is this that is do you intend to do after you get out ? It is acknowledge the danger of a rupture. The,may, however, possibly arise in Congress, which might affect this purpose.The President expects to be assailed bitterlyby the extreme faction in the South, for oppos-351ly evident that the idea of war, as a consequence tinue to exist, in. the very nature of the case.election unless they healed them, and they re- fused to heal them. They practically conspired to let us win; and now they propose to break upFROM HAVAXA.—The United States* mail steamerJBtaroftheWest,8,1?.Griffincommander,fromHa- electionistheimmediateimpulsetothethreats ."vana26thinsL.,arrivedonSaturday. Nochangein ofsecession. TheclamoraboutPersonalLibertyserve and obey such a law as South Carolina is to observe and position in which the United States now stands obey any other .provision of the Constitution.as to the British Government. For the FederalX& regard to the West-Washington Market rial points willbe embodied in the Message.TREASURY NOTES.Lead. The letter-writer confirms most completely the -conception ofthe artist."God knows that w e should rejoice to see every human being all who are created in the image of their Maker—entitled, where their lives or liberty aro concerned, to trial by jury. B u t undor our present form of government, with the"Constitution asourproperty, it has become so filled up, by its con- tiguity to the old market/ with oyster-shells,.. ' t h e m a r k e t s i n c e t h e d e p a r t u r e o f t h e s t e a m s h i p Q u a k e r City, although the news brought by the Star of the'Westfromthe States hadproducedgreatuneasiness.GoodexchangeonNew-York12percent. OntheamountedpracticallytonomorethansomuchJ24th, a young man named James Hudson, a passenger waste paper. The South has said little and cared lorHavanafromNew-Orleans,committedsuicideby lessaboutthem. ButLincolnischosenPresi-h e a r d t h a t t h e G o v e r n m e n t a t W a s h i n g t o n , a n x -t o i t s u l t i m a t e e x t i n c t i o n ; b u t o n l y b y j u s t m e a s u r e s a n d ' p e a c e - a t a l a r g e e x p e n s e , b u i l t a r o u n d i t t h e p r e s e n t m e n t s f o r t h e l o a n d u e o n t h e 2 2 d b e m e t , t h e s able iufluences.) Inheriting their principles andimbued with theirblowing bis brains oat. H e was sent to Dr. Bellot's Hcmpiul at Havana in a dying condition.TURK'SISLAND.—ThebrigJuliaFord,Capt.Smeit,from Guadeloupe Oct. 31 via Turk's Islands Nov. 15,withoutinquiringwhethertheywerefugitives.orfree. Butwe forth as another of their grievances, namely, the loathe and detest the whole race of mincreaiits w h o have donemissioners, in fixing their terms with the City. It seems to us that it is•'.unwise for the Com-A SPEECH B Y M R . SEW ARD.Mr. Seward is expected to make art Hwportautspeech qn the condition of the country,. 40oaBreckinridge, thenext highest candidate. Theconvictionandsentenceofthenotoriousin Government or Morals—that did not costby the North can be tolerated. No concessions of Southern rights and honor can be expected.There is b u t one permanent ground of Union. ItistodivorcetheFederalGovernmentfromallp a y i n g . • .. •, ' • • • • ; . -•.?" '•.A Spanish mode ofintroduction is said to rum somewhat after this fashion: " M r . A ., this is m y"friendB.,ifhestealsanything,holdmeao).;PfB^YpRKwM$B JPRIBUISB, in the absence of threats than in their irritatingIm^^^^^^^m^U^''V.'|: ••, W$?-*i- \{wo uo not believe that any humiliations toThe great problem o f American statesmanship#tf % jf which the North may.stoop will placate the Seces-presence.the Free States, and especially of their cities. is the best; but there is generally a choice, and Wt say this is owing to Slavery; they will notit is your duty to make a selection. Don't fancy see this, and are thus forced to lay all the blame you can benefit the Republican or any other on fhe Union. But for the Union, they .think good cause by voting to put in power rogues who Charleston and Mobile would be as large astake its name in vain; the very best you can dofor such cause is to defeat all of this sort.Above, all, inquire carefully as to School Officers, the South would owe nothing and have every- State venturing on .secession is sure to be pro- it affords a possibility, perhaps the only pos-and support the very best, men in nomination, sibility, of settling their present and prospective body in debt to her, selling her cotton at her own tected on going out, even by the States that stayregardlessofparty. Itisashamethatwehave pricesandmakingthewholecivilizedworldtribu- behind. But,aswehaveshownabove,the controversiesbyamorerationalandpeacefulBoston and Pittsburgh; the great exporting Stateswould become the great importing States also;, which thoy insist, without any ground for £ insteadofbeingterriblyindebtanddestitute, opinionthatweareableto-discover,that,auv"Senator Hnnter had a long interview with S e c r ^ T [justing ^disputes. The greatest value of the Mr. Hunter, who Is at the head of the Finance Senate Commit-E I C H M .tral America, Cuba, and perhaps Hayti, succes- point in the question. Granted that you are to-andnotcompelhim • revenue. The Pn-4 the revenue, andproGov. Gietha* rerei sanding the B:tl!,m borneregiment, thiri the regiment ha» una their livesany Su.t*'accursed league, :tn eventofcoercion.'; Canvassingh vi^o •delegates to the C<i"upononeplatform,ai whoeveriselectedTALI.AHAS..jrTheFloridaL>4 Conventionbilhit-MlLLEDGKVH/;The Bankbillaoi payment*;make**lej debtstillDecember.Alices' Itisunderstoodinto suspend on MondaTh.e K JAmeetingofthe\yesterday at the Cformed t>*r-enrolliugfivemembers-weretions were adopted:Rrtolved, That wv, hi ( Coenti«s, hail with feeliz aadenergeticaction<>t"h the houses andfire*io>-»<* « were wholly UnablH, i «nunition«. <Retolvtd, That w e re*, xen who feels a proper and regard for individual newtotprnoutatar.-o assistance to the troop,«RemtlreJ, That when ' • hand of blood-tbir*tv \ili tionnotonlytoforcib.v actually hsn« npin'brb and helpless taniilief. for Citizens, and with pew riee, shipped clande.!ine breaking up all th»- turning oot Oovernru^.jtalllaw-abidingcitizen..t Oovernor, and aluo proi Louis, Booneville, and J tionnofcurState,«u<:fietolred That w e ,re| aeemed to arrive at a jroj General Harney to .^ it Montgomery dead or „.:>>WAASAV Aspecialmeeseng brings the followin// iWest. It.isfromarel confidencecanbeplace!"0U>TON. Henn "That thepublicmii misled by the many e running to and fro thrcplace, as we are inforxi have opposed the marauders, onder the Kansas and on the bor following facta, in'ad<The armed Abolilit >rj deroos operation!* in & ens, hunting down' and men vrho have dhsappr dering, and who have the laws.The roads leading « been crowded with female, escaping fromIn oneiustance, a m the roadnear Popping flightoftliefamily,On Mondav of thiw N the Oeage River, abb having been around going to the door to etantW shot down ;.n< have been pierced byWe have seen her loaded with good.*, f notonlyfromtheTer State,andotherplacei-Familieslivingonu within this State, in homes,bytheseOutia1 fense,havefledtoBu uecurity, leaving thei nnprotected.Ye^rd on the line, some 25 m rived hereforsafeke*Thus have the citi tie?, since the commit threatened with dei-tr outadequatemean*o time this state of thinCapt. Doak of But for arms, and amruui have learned gome iD. C STONE.w. A:DUNCANR.K.MURRELS J. WILLIAMS. JOSEPH DAVIS. J. M".COULE, •Hsomething pecuniarily. "Pity,"exclaimsSauerteigonce,"thatana-A N D CONCESSIONS. .A s Carlyle forcibly says:aWiacriptloaw«reALLPKX*KKV»J>inoneoftfaomduringthein- BillyMulligan,intheCourtofOyerandTertioncannotreformitself,astheEnglisharegardtothequestionsnowindisputebetweenconnectionorcomplicitywiththepeculiarinsti-*•countable."Ifnominatingcommitteeswerebel*twaaetoreoflastalgal. Indeed,thecontentsoftheSueareailthatwehaveleuoiourfoimerbusiness,andofcourseweoaa miner,isanauspiciousauguryfortheCauseof nowtryingtodo,bywhattheirnewspaperscall FreedomandSlavery,betweenthosewhohavemean its politicians do. And of course this no attack should be made upon them merelybe- from that which'the country iscalled to meet. •Reserving to it- selftherightofsecessionorrevolution—call itwhat youwill—weaknessispresumedupon. Recentdispatches from Washington are of this tenor:" Kentucky and Tennessee Senators and Representatives an-and difficulty." The opinion is now almost universal here that, unless these non-slaveholding States consent to give the Constitutional guar-sad instantaneous-. Black or Brown. Factory, No. 81 Barclay-A. hold and applied at BATCHXLOx'a W ig >actory, 16 Boad-ct antees demanded all the slaveholding States will certainly secede. In. this view of the case, it would not answer What is here proposed ia: 1. That theMR. LINCOLN'S CABINET.All the floating speculations as to Mr. LinooInY Cabinet are unauthorized. He has given no indi- cation as to men. It is probable, however, thatTHE SILVER PRIZE CUP, Manufactured for the " A National Convention is growing in favor."ROXJX Boon Rimae o r NOTTIX«»KAX {th* Duke of Newcastle regiment), hasjost been completed and is on exhibition at ou E«utoiiahment,forashorttimeprevioustobeingsenttoEn-—This is the old story. "Sis," says a youngoneoffouryears,justsharpeninghiswisdom-attempt to take possession, by force or. strata- gem,orinanyotherwayexceptbynegotiation,niggers that run away; and 2. That th«ey shal the present Fugitive Slave law. If presented at" up the Union."Vainly do w e urge that these acts, if uncon-slaves from families traveling and sojourning in Free States.arrivedyesterday,andreportsthehealthofthecity stitutional,can,atanymoment,beupset.and operationandresults. Theymighthave,indeed, VButweareutterlyopposedtoTheJournal'sideaof'lettlnand islands very good. The crops of the islands were eaid to look well.POLIOS COMMISSIONERS.—At the regular meetingofthe Cotton States hfai ve what they want—a slavoholding «uadissipated by the Supreme Court, over which the the same privilege which was conceded in Eng- ' slave-importing Confederacy.' It is better and wiser, in our in the harbor of New-York or on the lakes; andREPUBLICAN TEMPER.The Republican members have come here inthis Board on Saturday, the resignation of patrolmanstitutional, the demand that they be repealed is our courts; but to demand of us the suppression What is here proposed and suggested seems totribute to any excitement, and with every dispo- sitiontoproceedwiththepvOlicbusinessprompt ly andefficiently. Should the other side parsua;causetheygoout. Butthisisonlyonepartof theSouthstands, forallthepurposes ofnegotiation withthe the story, and not the most important part. T o North, in the position of a separate, independent sovereignty.And;however onerous the tax" upon the Government, may be, it will be cheer- fully borne by the North, as an evidence thatmoral and not pecuniary considerations are the basis of their present opposition.Let it be the business of our Republican Sen-a really peaceful .secession, it is equally essentialAnd the North, when it shall generally accept Mr. Cashing*s a r - guments against coercion;-will probably soon bring itself to the conclusion that, since the South cannot be kept within the UnionTHESENATE.nouncethatthe-Unionisheldbyathread,andbothStatesready thattheseceding States,in going.outandafter againstitswill,thewisest plan is toperpetuate theUnion'by complyingwiththedemandsofthe South. Thoy arojustand to fly with their Southern brethren if the North refuses satis- they have gone out, shall imitate the forbearing necessary demands. They are demands which one nation might conduct of those States that remain in, and shall fairly urge upon another nation, being its neighbor. A n d they are demands which harmonize eBrjentiully with the feelings/andFearing that the Republicans arid Douglas mea may getcontrol ofthe Senate bythe absenteeism!3BState*, aV?d should they venture upon ftola ofhostility againev u*y they must expect to takev ; the consequences. :/ '•y.'^J-vX..; •','.>•' •'' ";;;\COMOMKlfSATIOW, ,N4MP lBWinwnPIOW. j thit heW^M^^&^^office that ^ u ^ y and capacity wiuch shoula >*- to-day is how to reconcile' the aspirations, inter- long to it, but in which it has in too man/- £ece> A large and emInthere is no right to resist their going out of the Union,, and no probability that any force will be used to prevent it. Hence, the emphasis witfj' A Washington dispatch says:dominates.now rolling on the ball of, Secession, '$m. a!^«ruppn the answer to that question that the issue question for our consideration remains. Does a levenue that has come in, and about all tfxalattempts to stop it by Northern prostrations will of peace or w ar must finally depend. And it isprove fruitless. ' The Fire-Eaters have firmly precisely that question, upon which, as we appre- tween North and South. still exist? and is it heir hand, and go in for a measure that win p*rtW e havePony Express. The election returns were still Resolved to desert us: let us not compel them, hend, the body of the Southern people willde- attainable?incomplete, but as far as heard from the vote .n addition, to despiseus. mand more light than has yet been afforded If so, it cannot be had by deception; or borrowing, and begin to pay off the debt that htm stood, for Mr. Lincoln, 38,646; for Mr. Douglas, — " But Stocks will droop, and Money will, be before they /jonsent to submit to the guidance of double-dealing. Neither bribes nor threats will 37,349;forMr.Breckinridge,33,357;forMr."scarce,andBusinessbedull,ifwedonotthesecessionleaderswhoarenowvolunteering suffice.Nopersuasionnorcoercionwillavail. beensteadilyaccumulatingundertheirrule.l«e*laterBell, 8,467. Returns from all the counties in "have a Compromise." Very likely. No great their services to lead them blindfold, nobody Oregon give Mr. Lincoln 318 majority over reform was ever yeteffected—no advance made knows where.intelligence fromCaliforniab y1>E1*IAN»S AmOngthejnoststrikingutteranceswithre-good order in this city. For years this man hasbeen a terror to peaceable citizens, affecting to done. Reform is : not joyous, but grievous: no having been, beaten in that election, wish to nul- concern. Under purely National jurisdiction, it now running here for Aldermen and Councilman.dict,ifnotverygoodlaw,issoundjustice,andthat hisconviction cannot fail to have a most happy, butmiserablel In theWater-cure itself, party, whose declarations gain interest fromtheso abortive in its effects, w e must substitute a legal provision for a pecuniary recompense tosalutary effect.i ' =THE COMING COMLPBOOTISK.do you not sit steeped for months; washed to fact that he sustains relations of peculiar inti-John Bullwinkle was an English laborer of v averagecharacterbutcomelyappearancewhoWASHINGTON, Dec. 2, 1880.hadthelucktoattractandwintheregardofawoman-in good circumstances, who gave him herbesetJedthattheNorthprizesequality,free- dom, and self-respect at least equally with [the Union—that the Free States will not surrenderhearTheConstitution,whichstatesitsviewsas follows:ThedifferencesintheCabinethave beenrec-the heart in elementary drenchings; and, ilike macy with Mr. Seward, though, so far as we are to the slaveholder instead of the personal rendi-Job, aremadetocurse your day? Reforming aware,there is no reason to supposethat,in tionofthefugitive.of a nation is a terrible business!" . , • what he has now said, he is authorized to speak—Then"letthewindshowlon,"untilitshallforthatdistinguishedSenator. But,letusfirstposed change. In the present state of publicopinion,itissimply concedingtotheNorththeright to be lumest. Nine-tenths of the people ofthe Free States believe in the absolute equality onciled by modifications of the Message, andhand and fortune; This change of condition,however, failed to make John a gentleman: on their convictions nor their principles even to a tion of the tact that the Union cannot be held together by force-ofHumanRights,irrespectiveofraceorcoudi-tion. Their only experience of Slavery is in wit-threat that the Union shall be dissolved if they that its vitality consists in the voluntary agreement and support of equal, sovereign States, and, therefore, that to prevent disrup- do not. L et it be settled now that the North tion, it must be restored to a condition of harmony by the exten-Once when he and they had thus spent a day, recoils before a menace of disunion, and the re- the mischievous coercion theory vanishes, the Northern pretense of a right to dominate disappears, and the tw o sections arethe contrary, he spent much of his time in ale- houses in the company of his old associates.nessing the painful spectacle of a man flying fromsion ofjust protection to allits parts. Asuunie this position, and oppression pursued by human bloodhounds. Our reason for his. retirement. A state of thing*Srajfuxx PMitMiN, Ho. ion Broadway,Offer*for Sale, at Rxnccao PRICKS, a splendid Assortment of and become unusually cosy, a boon-companion ad- treat thus begun will not end till she is landed brought face to face, to treat on equal terms with regard to theNorthern agents,inthe.executionofthislaw,are usually the vilest and most contemptible of•'do what you daren't.""No,"responded John,matterwhat"maybetheshapeorthetermsof tained. Letussuppose,onthepartofthe'North,arealizationof men. Nodecentpersonwillengageinsoodious the severance from the South; and, on the part of the South, fuUthe forthcoming compromise, the South and the confidence in its ability to protect its interests, b y the organiza- a task. Hence/we hazard nothing in estimating" I defy you!" "Y es, I dare—I dare spend mytion of a separate Confederacy. Is not the presumption reason- that every runaway negro returned creates, upon ing the doctrine of secession and maintaining hisduty under the Constitution in executing the ex- isting laws. His intended deprecation of the sectional triumph of Mr. Lincoln will not con- ciliate,muchfavorforhiminthat quarter.strongest as of the most determined.has a great advantage in any controversy whobubiuess in reference to Slavery?—to comply with the Southern idea ofproperty byreturning fugitive slaves?—to interposeno obstacles to the legitimate extension of .Southern institutions ? Would it hot cheerfully bind itself to adhere to this agreement, giving bonds, as it were, to avert the probability of dispute or future difficulty ? W ethink that little doubt canhe entertained as to the answers to be given to these interrogatories. The North would in all likelihood at once confess that it ought not to be alThe South understands this, -and acts accord-such result ofa victory.PKACJSFUJLdares spend his last sixpence.* , Attorney-General Black is not to be appointedingly.I t ' has just staked its last sixpenccy-aTo the idea of a peaceful secession from theUnion, it is essential that the seceding States nuicance to its neighbors—ought not to be a receptacle for ruu-Moreover, by thus, substituting pecuniary com-pensation for personal, rendition, the South willobtain, iustead of discontented and troublesome Judge in place of Mr. Daniel, as stated, nor a tthieat of dissolving the Union., The North, inthe full flush of 'victory, cowers before it—weawny or stolen property—and ought not to hesitate to give proof shouldbesupposedtogooutquietly,andthat olitsreadinesstoadhere'toestablishedformsofnationalcomity. " T h e c a s e w e have conceived does n o t differ substantLdly1 all.Hewillpracticelawherealter thecloseof servants, their equivalent lit value, and will doso in cases where they now succeed with, danger the Administration. Mr. CushingV friends arelaboringhardforhisnomination, whichwasim- pliedly promised months ago.Thatjpartyparty since 1850 has been i;a part the legitimate fruit of this Fugitive Slave law.SECESSION.THE SUPREME JUDGE VACANCY.. " There is but one method of averting the full measure of anti- cipatedtrouble,andthatisbyaprompt andanexplicitrecogni-there will be no resignations, unless M r. Cobb should be elected to the Georgia Convention, which, in that event, will be assigned as thnable that the North would concede all that the South.now asks as the condition of remaining within the Union? Would not theworld will understand that the North has placednottodosoagain. Bettertendefeatsthanone closeconnectionwiththeSouth,gladlycovenanttominditsown tionists. Therapid growth of the Anti-Slaveryatorssession of Congress, whenever compromises shall be in oriior, to projua.ro oud tender to the coun-for South Carolina, lor instance, to make any I^iortheni people shall catch and return al try a well-considered and sensible substitute for" do you want a piece of pie ?" " Yes." " Well, tions or of the light-houses on her coast. All"you cry and mother'11 give you a piece." Ad- claim to jurisdiction over these portions of terri- to agree to. W e quote from that paper of Ararat of an honorable and judicious policy ofcan agree among themselves, Pennsylvania, if the friends of Mr. Lincoln unite upon a man, and, if iivt, New-Jersev and New-England, and two South- ern States, to be chosen from Maryland, Virginia,viceshowinggoodcalculationontheyoungone's toryshehasformallysurrendered byactsofher Saturdaylast: v",'... FederalNon-intervention. Let•"•Compensation,part, but a shocking bad one on that of the Legislature to the United States, and whatever "That The Evening Journal 'only speaks for Republicans " not Rendition " be the Republican motto. 1KAJDICAL CURE OF HERNIA.—Dr. S. N. MARSH,right of secession may be supposed to lurk in the•ated. A visit to their establishment will satisfy patients or their Lecompton struggle, when every honorable mind authorizing South Carolina, in that case, to. re- with any expectation of general approval. But the public mind,•f the well-known house o f MAXJH 4CCO., NO. 2 Vesey-st., New- York,de-rotesspecialattentiontothesasrgiosladaptationofeis AAMOAL CCKX iHi»» to allcases ef Rupture, however eompuVmother.Suppose the North had',.in the agony of the Federal Constitution, these acts contain noclause friends, wasanticipated. Those suggestions were not hazardedmembers. Future developments may determine whowillbeselectedfromthetwoStates. That Mr. Lincoln's mind is now directed toward par- ticularindividualsistrue,butitisnotmadeup, and is doubtless still open .to better informationthan may have been received.THETREASURY REPORT.Mr.CobVsReportIsinthehandsoftheprinter, and will be sent to Congress with thephysiciansthatheispreparedtotreatallcasesrequiringmechan->oalaorgery>ithsAJllaua success. Al«o, a large assortment of revolted at the monstrous iniquity of forcing a sume possession. ailk and Lisle tht«*d elastic £>tocaings for vurlcose veins, Kemale'aseventsripen,willbebetterpreparedtorenderitsverdict..It required courage, therefore, topren^nded three months henceThe Commissioners of the State Land-Office have been recently in our City to examine'the landbuiltoutbeyondtheprescribedlineoffour hundredfeet, andtodetermineuponwhat terms theywillofferthispropertytotheCity.ItseemstousthattheCommissionersshould dealliberallywiththeCity,andreleasethe propertyforasmallornominalconsideration,Bupporters,Shoulde*.Braces,improvedSuspensoryitendagea, s^adinstramenuforpbysswM deformities.fraudulentConstitutiononaprotesting,strug- glingpeople—abillthatSenatorHammond(who votedforitthroughout)hassincesaidoughttoNeither,after SouthCarolinahasgoneoutofpose,neededtobesaidprofUptl^shallwantalltheUnion strength in theRepublic,andourpur-the Union, will she, or any other seceding Slate, pose is, as far ns inaj be. to draw out, encourage, and consolidate that strength. In"doingso,wemay'temporarily taxthe have the least ground to make any complaint of ' patience' of friends by whose ultimate '.convictions' we areGARIBAX.OJ'S ENTRANCE INTO IWI.KS.—Our Turin.correepondeut,inaletterpublishedonSaturday,says bekickedoutofCongress—declaredthat,ifthat theharborandrefugeaffordedtofugitiveslaves, contenttobejudged." If The Syroccwe Journal had read ua attentively, it would ofGaribaldi'sentranceintoNaples:"Aneje-witneae, billwereputthrough,shewouldsecedefromthe aboutwhichsuchloudcomplaintsarenowraised haveseenthatweobjectedtotheexistingFugitiveSlaveLaw because i t legislated private citizens into slave-catchers. B u t "whoonthatday(Sept.7)rodeatthesideofGari-Union—doesnoteverybodyknowthat-thethreat asaffordingagroundorjustificationforsecession. whenthatjournaladdsthat'thepeopleoftheFreeStatesare" baldi, told me yesterday that nothing could be more would have been nattcd with a horse-laugh of de- not to be compelled to pay for run-away slaves any more than forAll the reclamations set up on this score rest runaway home* or hoys.' it forgets that the owners of slaves for these reasons: When West street was laid" thrilling than that scene. The people, mad with rision from the unanimous South ? Why should exclusively on an express clause of the Federal claim protection in virtue of a provision of the Constitution. out as.the exterior line of,the City, and the Message. It is short, and contains only a prac-"delight, shouted eciva* to Garibaldi as he " galloped through the streets straight to the Palace, *wellawarethattheenemywasatafewyardsdis- " tance." A lithographic print of this remarkableGrant that it is « distasteful provision,. I t is nevertheless asit always be hers to threaten, ours to concede? Constitution. Under the Law of Nations, as be- binding as the more congenial provisions. N o r should w e for- Bulkhead or outer line of the street was built, tical exhibit of the state of the Treasury, which isThe North has just won a signal victory. She made herissuesfairly,presented them clearly, went before the whole People upon them, and,feit that when adopted New->!ork w a s herself interested in it. tweenindependentStates,thereisnopretense SubseqHe«ntly,weaboilshedSlavery-r-partlyinaccordantwith thespiritwhich seeksuniversal emancipation, andpartlybe-itslidoutintothestreaminseveralplaces—an gloomyenough.Thereisnotmoneyenoughatable one. Its vindictive features were designed to insult and de-tives Or to demand indemnification for their loss. grade u a But a propemnd efficient Fugitive Slave Law in a re- riparian owner rights that were tangible and legal propositions connected with Secession* willGovernment to demand of the British the returnthe Union because we did win. For Lincoln's of slaves escaping into Canada would be regarded law and guide, this is impracticable. Our. fathers found Slavery and other rubbish, from the market, so as to be those already paid in, fall due early next month/About $10,000,000 ofTreasury notes, including as little less than an insult. W e have never that they could'not form a Union without recognizing and' toler- :useless for commercial purposes. Then the City, and about $6,000,000 by Juno next. If the pay-acts does not deceive one of those who raise it.Those acts have existed for years, and have has ever ventured on *uch a proposition. end. But always in subordination to the Constitution and laws.judgment to do our whole duty, under the Constitution, and hold South has absolute control; while, if they be con- land to the first Napoleon of suing for libel in others to their obligations.'"to have them repealed, as to raise an issue on be a pretension to which the Law of Nations of the present Fugitive Slave Law, and its rigor-and accepted. Hiram Davit* a n d Samuel J . Smith,roundsmen in the Seventh an&Ninth Wards, Brook- which the North can be made .to humiliate would afford no countenance. . . ous inforcement so as to come as near to catch- ington Market, the State has granted to them the same course calmly, there need by no com lyn,werepromotedtotherankoiSergeantsintheir herselfintheeyesoftheworld. Ofcourse,if,asindependentnations,these-ingeveryoneashumanimperfectionwillallow; niltherightithadforrentormesneprofits motionoragitation*$theSouthernultra*insistrespectiveprecinct*. Thetransferofadozenormore Weareopposedtoanysuchback-down. We ceding Statescould claim neitherthereturno 2.Thepassageofalawprovidingforpayingfor fromthetimetheCity took possessionin1846 uponhavingtheSU*ery,coatroversyrevived,let patrolmenwasmade,anddecisionsrendervlinanum- •hareFalstatPsrepugnancetorenderingeven fugitiveslavesnoranysuppressionofthelibertyof everyfugitiverescuedfromanofficer;3.The untilMay»ext;therefore,thisisnotaquestion itbeturnedove*-totheUnionmenofthatsec* berofcasesthathadbeentried,thechargesbeingfor reasonsoncompulsion,andwehaveevenmore speechorthe.press,neithercouldtheybejusti- passageoflawsallowingSouthern,familiestrav- tobeconsideredbytheCommissioners. This tion,whoareWelL-inclinedtomanageit dereliction of duty, and violation of the rules ana «jgu~ dislike to'making concessions under duress. If fied in. any attempts to discriminate on that score eling and sojourning in the Free States to bringlatiouu.Theaggregatesentencesamountedto56dayntheSouthdesiresanychangeinthelawsof againstourshipsorgoods,ortoputusunder andkeeptheirslaves;and4.Thepassageofa claimisinlitigationbetweenthoselesseesand POST-OFFICES.Northern States, and will request the same in the ban of commercial non-intercourse. . Any act law for punishing those who beguile such slaves tho City, and the. rights of the respective parties sAcco*4mg to.official data there were 28,498 AFix*inTAMMANTHALL.—Between4and5o'clock thespiritthatsentMr.HoarfromMassachusetts ofthatsortwouldbeanactofwar.These- fromtheirowners. willbedeterminedbythoCourts,oradjusted PoHi-OfficesintheUrfitedStatesonthe304h«tSaturday morning a lire broke out in the upperflooroTammanyHall,andbutforthetimelydiscoverythereof,theentirebuildingwoulddoobtiesshavebeendeBtroyed. The firemensucceeded in extinguishing theflame*beforetheyhadgainedmuchheadway.The asbearhardlyoncitizensofMassachusetts,we cedingStates. Theycouldnolongerprotect "imateextensionofSoutherninstitutions."This HawsundCorporationCounselBronsou. premises were examined by the Fire Marshal arid shall be very glad to meet her in that spirit, and themselveo un'W any right of peaceful secession. ia the only point left in dispute between »t *»i<lChiefEngineer,whowereofopinionthatthefireorigin- havealllaws,whetherNorthorSouth,thatcon- Supposetheyhavetherighttosecedopeacefully, T/.« Constitution. Dutn isthegreatandvitalated from a defect in a brick furnace built upon the*pperfloor,andusedforlaundrypurposes.Thedam- travenejusticeandtheFederalConstitution, thatgivesthemnorighttoindulgeinhostile pointofthewholecontroversy,,andnocompro- ofitspoliticalpartieshasputupacandidatefortoCharlestontotestinherownCourtsand thoseoftheUnionsuchlawsofSouthCarolinaby"the parties, as they shall consider most to June last. In 1789 the whole number was 75. cessionwouldthenceasetobepeaceful. It It.will.beseenthatTheEveningJournaldoes theirmutualinterest. Th<*City'sinterestsintb« TheFoatalExpenditure*duringthelastusoelyearagebyhreandwateriseBtimatedatabout$400,and simultaneouslyrepealed.Wewoulddowhatever'actsafterward. Astothatmatter,theywould misewhichdoesnotconcedeitwillbo'satisfac-DoduotpaymeuUforltt59».•.4,889,WT » .*15»,170,182IS4,386,009•*we believe the Trustee* of the Taxnznahy Society have J^eprerateeeitUJurecL •........is right, but a little sooner and more graciouslystand on the same ground with other foreign tory, to either South Carolina or Mississippi.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069whom all men can vote, in tho- ConfidenceActual expenditures of 1S60............... ,.*n.8ivros» Actual revenue.»«• «• .*..,.. t«•.«••« •«>« »'•%*•' ••„ •_sodeeplyseated,andsointricatelyconnectedwiththeirbusiness, atingit. AsChristiansandPhilanthropists,theylookedforwardious aB it has been to oblige the slaveholders, sympathies, w e have, in our humble way, labored to the same bulkhead, and filled in the intermediate space, Department can get along till relief be grautod^"The duty which the Constitution imposes in relation to Neitherwouldthisactofsecessionputthese-fugitiveslavesisahardone;butwhilewedisregardit,wehave no right to complain of Slave States for disregarding it in otheras the only means they could adopt to abateby Congress,.but the depreciation inmarket iswhatwasfastbecominganintolerablenuisance.ceding States into a position in which they would respects. W e have never refused to contribute our share to- These things should be Considered by the Com- change should occur.wardpurchasingthefreedomofslavesapplyingforaid.Nor have any right to complain of what they put have w e ever refused charity to people of color, in distressdent,andallatoncethecryisraised, "RepealI" your Personal Liberty acts, or we will break freedom with which the institution of Slavery is more harm than their necks are worth, in beguiling domestic missioners to deviate from the heretofore well-established^policyoftheState,whichhasalways ly,notonlytotheCity,buttoindividuals,eitherin adjusting this matter, the State should con- ihe. best possible temper, with no desire to .con-sider this as land under water, as it has been t;o A.McConnellof.theSixteenthWard,wasreceived utterlyunwarranted. Theobjectisnotsomuch ofthelibertyofthepressfortheirbenofitwould be,1.Themodificationofthemoreodiousfeatures noexpenseinreclaimingit.discussed attheNorth,andtheillopinionsogenerally entertained and expressed as to its payment ofevery fugitive rescued from an officer by violfuceafterthedeliveryoftheMessage, and*frtake been to grant their lands under water gratuitous- the role of pacificator..'Inviewofwhatiscoming,andintnehopeofavortlngit,wo wouild cheerfully consent to a law wuhicnh should provide for thewouldbecomehostilebytheveryactofthese-notagree"tointerposenoobstaclestotheiogit- premisesarosafe inthehandsof ControllerfortheTransportationofInlaudMalta,RouteUntitled Documentavert the catastrophe, it must be done speedily. All humane and intelligent men deprecate w a r the most barbarous and unsuitable mode of- !1* • ••- '•;common ground of amity and cooperation be-tution. TheexistenceofSlaveryin theStatesFrom Wa^liijasrtoii. If the South is. wise, it will favor the pro- Special Dispatch to The N. Y . Tribune.sthe right time and in the proper; spirit, it maylet us see what The Evening Journal ia willing peaceful settlement of our political A rk upon the Missouri, Indiana, New-York, if the rival interest*agree,that Slavery maybeextendedwherever*•• - v-Hwfcou its ' utterances uccord with their convictions,' i» a truthlearned in early life. That its present suggestions are in advanceofthe'convictions'ofmany—perhapsoimost—-ofitspolitical OTBJBSTATEVS.THECITY. NorthCarolina,Louisiana,andTennesse,willhavewhatever of a right to demand the return of cause it wan unprofitable. Under a tropical sun, with a sou pro- accident that no human power could prevent— ducing rice, sugar and cotton, there wquld. even in New-Ybrk,thecommand theSecretaryto paymembersofCongress in full to-morrow without incurring the . heroic career of the Italian deliverer, isjust issued by after a canvass of unparalleled earnestness and her secession, from the Union, and all other se- dollar. • the City has .already-paid Lowber, under a de- risk of being without funds to redeem the Treas-fugitive slaves. Of course, South Carolina, after have been a hard struggle between, humunity and. the almighty and in regard to the property on the east side, '"The people of theFree States srenot expected to standbyMr.Nichols,No.756Broadway. Itisaveryspirited assiduity,electedhercandidates. Thedivisionof ceding States aswell, would lose at-once<all-andwinkatkidnapping,'says TheSyracvie Journal. Ourdif- cisionof^theSupremeCourt,more thanitsfull uryNoteswhichmaybepresented.• incident among the many remarkable events in thepicture, Garibaldi on horseback being, of course, the her adversaries doubtless aided to produce this centralfigure,followedbyhissmalltroop,andsur- result;butthatisnotourbusiness. Wedidnot rounded by the enthusiastic people in the street, while distract them—they distracted themselves. They others from the balconies and houses shout their wel-ference with pur friend commence* here. , With sympathies asrightofcomplaintonthat score. Theywould warmasbin,andwhilenopowershallcompelus,asacitizen,to value. ThisdecisionoftheSupremeCourtseemsTHE ATTORNEY-GENERAL ON SECESSION.The opinion of tho Attorney-General on the**not be in a position either to recover their fugi-'catch'aslave,weareforbiddentoobstructofficersinthedisThe preaent Fugitive Slave Law is a detest-as if the Judges considered the law gave theIn regard to the State lessees of West-Wash-It is creditable to the Sixteenth Ward that, one Aldorman, in the person of ISAAC DA YTON, forblanks,bags,cartiers,a n dbalancest oforeiip*CoW to-day in regard to the preaent financial oonditlsn of tht\Tre«»oryu-\ye beg leave to suggest that what the Ti«a- gury needs is not relief but replenishment. xSo Treasury is likely to need relief after it ha*been eight years under Democratic controL Senator Hunter and Secretary Cobb have done quite enough at relieving the Treasury, sinking nearly all the surplus they found in it, all the.i'•'.SOCH. RA Washington *j semi-officialinton*. Carolina will appr<THE CABINET DIFFERENCES.unfavorabletothat expectation,unlessasuddenAg< n o , Local Agents, and the like, were. ForthetianspertingofForeignMails.For California and Oregon, via PanamaFor pay o f Pontmaster«, Clerks, envelopes, stamps,$13,453,W5 IT 469,t34IS358,«H8T, i» www.fultonhistory.com 