 pfoCectTOL. IX^-NO. 2714. FROM WASHIISGTOJN.pttjNEW-YORK, FRIDAY, JUNE 1, i860.PEICE TWO CEjrm.iR., "Indepeodesf Deaaeist." a shade of o«__ WhichMr.Pxieadefineda« "aOenMcrataottotereUedon."Tfee IcMte CamnlttMEx-periment and,if itletters and Docnmeots nhutratiTe of tbe Presi- '' " ' '^T Til null aaialeil.Mr. Pf|«r,I mustexpress my reg'et that the gentleman shoild select the lut)- ject of the pBbllc prtntlBg to find fault with the Presi-5!;n,TM,?,.^%°.v°"' ">«"recllons, but report iSdthit to?ObserratioBsaifherewaskirn iB tke sliglUest degree.beforethemwas atwenty thousand dollars of it amongst his supporters.doUais of the public money, and told a friend in whit way to distribute it for partisan purposes, he is guilty•ny,nothingimpeachingaThe treaty was finally re- This result has producedsubject over which the President had no cDn-XwUrgiiii,"lieki over tke ExecntiTethetreaty in its original fera.jected by a large mtuorttr.much disappointment a* well as stirprise, as the in- dications during the ^flr weeks past were favorable to its ratification.oo- of hS net p" "wisi^t^ tUtptg fn'm°iHti'CorrnptioB.Vtaial' IPolccUsn af the ISexicanfill 111 Si*pitMk to th« Naw-Terk T£ni«. WAumsreii, Tbumlv, ll»y 31.XSncHOH OF TRB U'LUIt TUATT.Tke Bnuite to-d^ fint Mjeeted Mr. Suuoss'would not amount d);fc?io"1'frVm1,l°m'':thoughtHON. GEORGE ASHMUN ON TIONS.THE NOMINA-^Trettty ftyNCSIRUmS OF 1 8KC01ID HBXICIH WAR-Severalmore taken out of thethan wa*^ Pennsylvania and else-preient The principallag room of toe Wilder Honxe,inMaaiMi—Iks liMtr, kU the KepobUeaai bat Senator Tsuascumace of AaxAHiif LmooLa f.«.^Mtfmnit to tbt Hezteaa U«ktj, aa4 thenor whether a nothe I continued,arsure yon 1 was not prepared for theTsttig Mitixrt it. wllkia itx months.auctioned and divided the power of the Oovem- of fraud or inon any person connected with the public printing. tmA Tkere was the the and •nca coiruptioo this matter.tlons.1 am constrained toagatberiBg like ftat at Chicago, It at least com- tion came fromand keep open the route for mall Immigrantschtrge.Thegentlemanman or purposesset of men. So far as I know, vvhatever S"ue° •"'''""^' property of aayTBX JaPABEBE DISSATieriXD.Tke Japcaeu Hiaisters to-day deeluvdtbelr pur*VoeeaottovlsitNew-T<nt, or to leave this city untilsayment be true that the President took twenty thousandocratic Party should rise to their feet.Mr. FLoirscE resumed in defence of toose who re-;Atlantic,hospi-Hon. A. B. Wbiobt, ofletter declaring it ax his optolon, that as tke aut<«rmany rate, tryproves a failure, nothing isperfromandafteribe1stdaxatAmrastriSH. 'In pannlt of tke DemenliethnM ofthe Senate.laflw 'War la pradleted uitb Maxtaobe no evMence that^WkffiibfVe'a levy irii made dflM Goranment. But the Constittition bas wisely inleieace of any knowledge on his part of tlie exlst- mui'-h of politics, and witoessed maay #«bUe caaren- SfhSwi'.'..'^'"' P*P*'^ *"* "«MansSeaaJiMSaDMTB or JtHNJI SASm.Jodge Daiiii., of the Uaited States Supreffie Court,died In JUehiaoDd at 2)i o'clock this aftenooo.nn AITJiCK BT IXDUJIS ox THE POITT EZPBXSSwithout the of officer of the Govern- knowledge anyconcected with the subject of the public plunder, in regard to the printing of the Post-office blanks, thatcharge lo. fine himself to the issue.I beg the gentleman to conrespect ofthe people and tos world. Intelligent, educated, earnest siaoere menAllcoaelava atefhliirt et—XHS AXMT TO IKTEBRBC.heard from Wssniii. that theassembling and after there was friendsit addreescd blm a nete,"home. Tha fisct ofJbeir acceptanceraje^tedbutconnected wUh the admlnstrattonjparticle of this testimony of Baiix's, ImpilcatiBg the President by even tbe most indirectfee PoBT Sxpiess riders, a large number of Senators He gave a history of Mr. WisDsii's «Bd Rqneaentattres addressed a note to the Secre- BovMiM for the transfer of the Unionbargain;aaked tbatL named, might b*' iegotlate,''lf ncfoUailaB* iboaldMr. Bo^MAK's strict and of War, asking the Interrentlon ol the army. supervision; justicetarjrfollowing message to Col, Shits, Commanding Camp Floyd, to send Immediately a sufficient force topeopletkcy stajtad lli>r•f iBTttatiea was explained to them, when Qtey re- Mr. RzT^OLCs gave notice that he would call thegreat peo-and when thatpUcd that if they went, they desired to stay at the Itny-jui or go directly on board the yiagara. Tbejer sealed orders, and afterpoint, wasprinting. vote for to effect a evon to" cry disunion'* stiall be forced upon us, I want these haidy sons of toe West to feel toat they have brotoerstaken toe Ctodnnatlbe liave ecored toe nomtoatioD of bli eumdate bjr so dotag. Be nrgea tbe aeceolte and mA meeting wax held in Boaton on Taaaday to cemslder toe propriety of orfaalxlBf a IWUtoal Anti-Slavery Party. Rev. JoBB Fiaaiaikav* become alarmed and evidentlydemand tliat this be equally distributed among theeditors of the Philadelphia the Penn- Evening Argus,sylvanian, to a Mr. MsBAay, the editor of a paper in Ohio, ana to the ron^titution,Mr, Bcasiii—If that testiraooy exists, I have sot yet seen it. 1 do not call it in question, because I do not know.here,I havesuspicious They do sot believe the story of the accident to the jyiagsro,andthecurrentrumoronthestreetis that ttere was no accident, but that the ship started un-Mr, Hassin, of New-York, (Anti-Lecompton Dem.,) closed the debate by contendtog toat toe President knew of toe of toe Post-office andto say, to conclusion, toat I went to Chicago wito no otoer purpose toan to assist in plac- leg the party on such a platform as should not only lead to success, but after success, should p'a^e the Government on toe coDStitotlonal basis of toe fathers.partiesinproceeding to. return. authorityto aMr. ofSxrra, Virginia,might Mr. PxTox—1 speak that which 1 know, for a propo- said toat wnen he found toat toe President was treach- Long ago the only love I ever had was burled do wn Secretaries. Mr. R. J. Hraroa read aIke Japanese wlU go aboard and leave for home. President with so much thepassionandfeeling.House, he remarked that it was given out by toe Imposed upon me ; and I ask you, in your response,Abolition harangue, denouoclnc toe .Coaxtitotloa and toe Republicans,A letter from Hon. Joas Beltob OTfEit, Chief JusticeofSoutoCarolina,teclrculattogthroogfatoe Soutoera papers. Tbe letter was writtaa when fltocorruptionhas been fixed for their leaving Washington or the there was n« force In the supposition. The Govern-Congress ''as insultingitSbeState of Missouri for $388,000, being the amount of it, Uiat the one now proposed is the only onemmt^the two per cent. fund. TheSenatewasInExaeutlTesessionfourhoursto-wbleb can lescoe iu from the exercise of. fraud and corrapUon,andInsureapromptandsatisfactoryexe- ters cutionofthework. At let us tieex-seatPrMfBg debateInvolvingIheentireqaestion. Severalamend- moreeasythantoreverttosomeotherexperiment IVkdS^'lS,".'?'' '"'"''?"M'-Rice'smoneror^atday on the Mexican traaly. There was an earnest'•'^"UTM« SiJl.^'.I^^'T?'''"""* «<ta I* ^S^P^Goreramentof WadiiB«ton Ui^SrW tbe Black RepubliSSr'jK, Pa?Sf52sMtrales Ihe ffnaiAent. ments were voted on and r*)acted.jBehidtng those of Mr. Bnasatr. of Kentucky, (Dem.)— Jlr. Smxoiis, which Hid been previously approveddential C0Bt«8t.and IndicatioBS from all Qnarterg.by rome of the RepubUeans, who were opposed to the|ol theseannum, and If such was the case, he sud-"'"Mr.of from the Com- Sunau, Looislua, (Bern,,)for for the work done. Was 7ifJJ!; I^lmoed onw«i reeelred Ibat tke lUlMlS LMttlM in* toe wlabea of tbe paBOla af Ikat pteseed by a of VjhTmittee to appointedlaDouslas to Ike Saaxto. ««.. '.offortyof Wedneeday eveaing,teangmaledsbIute.'^UK^tHm, Thuisday.Hay 31.petitions and memorials were received.Mr. PsYox—^P^l'«'<'> on that ' Conn.,Wiacxu. If he paid any money for political pur-poses it was entirely voluntary, and ftttra aypears tofrauds. Nomanonthisfloorhas furthertocor- gonerect abuser, not only connected with the public print»Mr. UtTanrr-1 will appeal to every fair and candid trust and went to consult for the good of laelr com- man in the House, 1 care not whether he be a lawyer mon country. However hopeful I might have been,^JSI^"5 crgaateed on tbe ipeiment. The condemns the of report present systemenlisted In one and that purpose,edge, or gtviiig any direction inandWhat does this Wisdill butsay that he gotno directions. And is it suchupon testimony asand to tostthough some hearts were grieved, there was a burst of approbation and applause that gave an ua-orevented hr. VityDziA, from getting as lirge profits as hethistoamlstaken verdict of toein fivor ofonr de-jiAH out of the superintendent of thepublic print-is that a construction be President was responsible, in any parKculir, fjr any propergriefs there was not a man left ki who nomtoatiflo, and I *tn Balsaid that Mr. Wxsdili's testimony,touching any complicity of the President, w»s coa- trsdlcted by himself and also by other witnesses,put upon tills evi- dence, and it will be seen how very little groundChicago did buy it with pledges. If 1 am nomtaalaaing;mttSmmttr- Presidency tbe taaiaC a£assertionsteUiag'Now, recollect, I do nothe made rashketvecn Camp Floyd and Carson Valley. This dis assertions; referred to the olTer of Mr. Dxrsiis to subject, the abuses complained of as growing out of at his running a muck against toe President, but anyfatch wlU leave St Joseph on Saturday erenlng, andi»flieht<tBysfbe troops will be on their route. Mr. profits for the good of the cause, as testified to ftMonx, PreildeBt of the EipreBs Company, has no Messrs. Dirans and KiLGoxi; and closedblanks,..... _.,,..,..„ ^arthatthaexpressmail-bagIslost Twotripsagoofficers, the work la sometimes six times chargedthose who wereGovernment to the office, on one. .V >,».,-''y la" for the p ri'»anotherothers,tors toappearplanatlon, be was told ttat tke ruS_wketlier the murdered rider le/l any family, as the_.ntWe.a. has required the official report of the local agentei<.»i',I -abuse was confined to the ExecutiveMr. BcRjiiiT-That does not touch the point. ButSlavery.see in this question, also, toe reason; aodwhenMr. civilly._.j I | 'resolutions that the laws of presentuponnotresponsible for gentleman may be to de-and on whichhasoccasion, loait anMae -Bt^-Campany bare d^rmlned to provide for the families printing cannot be condemned tooofficers have been guilty of thisdirection of the President The BveaiBAi. Mr. Brx-iBR parried to the best of his personally.Mr, BcxaiTi—Heg«H«4iaa good treatment wall-beinc ud ianrai*- if the gentleman wants to try the issue, let aCom- shamelessly avowed," We have lived to see toat ment during their tatelaiy period, as the wlUtom ef•kOity, while the liveliest interest was manifested by were diawn from the Treasurv by anback to theanyroving commissionISe <*or aad galllaries.BOV> C. F. AOAXS OH 8LATIBT.Printer,andof House wasaigVBeat against Slavery, and was llxtaBed to with Committee think the printing could be done for one-why they may not be appreatieea ttItsduiteg dellrery,I'Bgreat wastefulness and extravagance in the public It was worth. Wben the from Vir- Comnuttee. If toe corruption exists, let the Presi-Sometimes six the dsuaTprioe fi paid ginia was as long in Congress as he he dent be arraigned. Let him be Impeached and dis- canvass. It wasConvention, and adds imrtly" :Txsiiiiiib a* the >ta-KOMDiAnOH cOSriKMXD BT TBI SINATW',I?''"^S"t Umjswas,would know how graced. If gentlemen wish to show their let difficultataskit wastowrestthe zeal,an ~....ratuy for Eaaias. Mr. Bixxx Is a Northern man,for the ExecutiveHe He ^^^. .. , J .,. Seaattconfirmed the nomlnitioQofatuged completete-gave the advice towaxaoment of entousiasmconvention on tbe morning of the toird day the result was inevitable. The cool judgment of toeBum as Sec-printing. public printing."*' ?5??.l^''^'."*'*?'?,°"??*°.»''y.P»rt'''toem fire their broadsides at thecormo- opposite Republicanwrangltog,no ;quarrel.Therewasanexcite-S* '*",*''kat miolnted on tlie recommendation of Senator that the Printer to the""'rants that Infested Party instaad of getting up family anarrelsthe halls of Ciongiess. Now, Sir, among_vconvention, more adjourned NaUoaalDeaMltaewMrsartatto5*5 to thea Balldl-„Gbboi, wbo, by the by, says the fight on Oouolas mat eeaa*.JO. WUJOH'S KTISnCI BBTOBB TBI COTODBtCOmilTTZB.Btm. 8, 8. Cox roluntarily appeared before theCvTodcCoBUBittaeto-day,andmadesoiseazplan- aOsBS af Wnaoa's eridenee delivered yesterday, Tha Camaiitee asorad him that this was unneces'j:"S'^'^P"/'"S}?toe Democracy. would tous do better. I say that the President is not to blame in this matter. They., ,.,who are favorable to andiaK^_^ J, ^,_^j^^. LZl"^°J."7"„.deleifaltao*but, disappointed iji the hopes ofprofits,mavand one who knew the gentleman from Virglida knows with each delegate one cause nlgher than all otoers, correspondent the AtU$ ni ArntiingL^Mr. KiLOOM and of others,if elec'^d thehave been Individual preferences, toere was A ofdent—atrol whatever.printingpot-d that Kic» could afford to pay theMr. PxTOX—The gentleman from Kentucky hsa al- leged that the President has no control over this mat* ter. But1submitthathehaditinhispower,notonly tocontrol,butabsolutelytoannihilatetriisabof>e. Is itS to over tiO 0(5 or SImothat there could be anthuasand dollars for the printing of the Post-offi-zeblanks, and the President not know anything aboutthe matter? No! On the contrary, he ane^ thatthere was at least thirty thousand dollsrs the paujwr presses ofThere was atu/^^Slate JatinuU thinka itcan mnwm f^ t ~~i/nia^everythingscenes that awaited me;f«r altkoogb I have seensaylftatUierc never frls aie. Therefme ItllK^^TLS^rJSflSfpossibleappropri.itlonlarge gatheringBepablicans a'taiinto themade by the public printer to various papers, and for electioneering purposes, Ac., male a majority report, giving a history of the public printing, and stating inpartisans of his Administration ?elTeetthat the payments made l>y WxBsnx to various Mr. Buxiizn—It affords me great pleisure to an- publicwas or paying three times more thaninvestigatepaymentsover the interests of the country, to inform the repre- sentatives of the people of this fact, so that this large sum of money should t>e saved to the ? Orgentleman being meeting, he was received with pro-papers were made in compliance with a bargala by swer. I never was the defender of corrnpUon ortact, over aad tte hJSZ^J DwsiA*, IslamtetkatWhatever money was expended by V/tsnax was tb« Jodlcial. Now, I say that tf there be any fault issue. I dowrong mands toeentirelyttie matter. York asalnst the President.receiveNe:^'- were also to receive so much. It was sought earnest purpoec to do a great work, and a determina- ment, it might be;unbrotherly teeliag. There was an prospecis were Improrlag bat ;of the Post-officePrinter of the Houje, he would give one-half of the ou* of the contract system, is of modem date. Th? wlUnina muckrequire reform, and that a Committee ona rider was killed, and yet the mall was saved. Mr. instructed to inquire into the expeoiency of proridlng never assented to by Congress, nor wastBiaraatoitiwSb-^' reaaut to tbe ^a^a.v toserttoemtotoeCowamtrdmLTkerduZt•--.ingbotherwise.Mr. Knia, of New-York, (Rep,) made aDepartment.upon relies. Those^* "* CharlestonItsConvention broke with apFiuaaxx ealled^rminority report, that the practices end operations of public'' outIndiana, that,printingGovernment fixed the rate at one dollar per thousand at anything, and when he pleases. That is all true. platfonn. That platform Is before the world. fuerlsaaorganof Mr. Fiuaoxs. ToietUeflMpi^^' "by public printingems. Now, by the contracts made the Executive byrunningupon occasion he chargesprecise grouadesUblished toebeen conducted until withto toe westernpafcrs, Inwhieh be wasbyBut in a muck thisIt assumes the think our fathersadaptedon which I 'tl>«fonowln*lBcU«Bt: Mr.j'«»'Te» FuxbobmS'if the ExecutiveThe thing, if it is a violation of law, such violation could Qlstrlct In the country. [Laughter ]strongly.•f those lest tn thefr service. testimony shows clearly that large sums of money be easily corrected. But I deny that it is a violatloa K Mr. Pbtox—the gentleman says that I have nottoan kick at qoectlaaa_u- to!s Slave Cede proposition. Wc, be published as contiibutioDx, a* a penaBaUk«ar latestimonyseems to Indicate clearly that large sums of mDney without the Republican votes he received, I com: /oci« testimonyidea. Said he—" Sirbelieveme, youwillsee itbetween the Administration andunderstandingpointdiscussing. Now, as to thewhetoer the Congress may determine, or la eaas tkethe of supportCompaay wUl aotcompaniee eoxurtrtiett^ xaflfoadwA^Theshows that the pavments made by Mr. Wxiroxix tonot apprised of the fact that too mich mo ney was paid for the printing of Post-office blanks,itaa genial regions as may be dlsposeo to aceeiatkemform In theplunder of the public from the moneyhungrybut after toe the openiogoflasr by the transferring printing,declared vacantthe officeashould be appropriated certain sum for certain purposes,COLS. I know htm welL I sat wito him to aei^atSwas Executhe session fouowed.toat the should wash Democracyloyalexigencies of toe umea aaam to dewa4." magparty newspapers.testimonyrealms of infinitequest'Of charges against somebody, but to tovestigateto theprotected, nor herdly, even, whetoer slave propertyto such otoertoon the terms thisvide. of the Speakingaeoepttbeto,these papers were known and assented tothen Itwas thetion of the House to the;but itis whetoerby the Presi- dent, and that the bargain for the sale of the t'uionduty ofthe President to call tlie atten-as. Chulm Fxancis AnaiiE, who resembles muchMi late dlaUaiulshed father, dalirered a powerfol was made upon the advice of Judge Black. The Houte wasone specialof eitriva- special reading,Gorouaent aay pro- same subject tbe LooIitD^*»"PPOf' He thought Senate, havinir violated theI waspaid to duty the President of the United States. If the to the House; I do not mean aAnd now tbe rjuestfon is not so muchpeople of the South may own slaves at home, and b3 Pacific Railroad aaaflkHB-say that the gance in vogue in connection with this printing, andcognizantsubjecU of thesystemDemocrat askithe South for a term of year* ?Tbe Southern Confederacy publixhee thetees on toe subject The gentleman fromptofauad attention by members of all parties. A general terms with the resoluUon offered by the ma- gate the subject, and the President, the.-efore, knew knew what the ConstltoUon says, if the gentleman When toe platform- was examined, every sensiblehalf the present prices. Thewhlavcr ooold iksv* l>e«n heard over the hall at aar jority. well that the Honse was apprised of the fact accused the President of being engaged in distrtbat- man said toat we hadlast a was Congress CommitteeBut Icharge accordingrigorousappototedtS'S;. ?-n'nf'!S<A*i eoDT«JsattoB ? A -I noderstood S '?^!:i' l^h:' «»"»> kooir from wham or kaw-POLITICAL.it;'»A,(fjl«oS'pLe"r"!ewnprpfiti.orout of that sui?' Wh«5i5s 4ks fi?rtsppofcted Prmter, It wascharge „TM.„ '.I '?i J'*° „"P»«»«ly directed that thisrespond neighboring towns, beingware Hon.bursts of applause. Slleme Bad reelected^^account?f* surprised than hlmse^Executive, LegtslatiTe, Mr. Pbtob—The gentleman Is taking aW^^'toe C^^S^^Ee^SuSStaMaasfcld.''The CbicatoPrett nd Trilnme has a to itoryMr.has fallen. ABd during all tboae days, I de- esce of all party clique*. It says; "OsMsaAnjie-Mr. BcxHirr—There is not a particle of that testi- mony which the veriest tyro In law, or the simplest been adopted, comments severely on the testimony corrector of abuses, and when I propose to remedy a jusUcB of the peace in the covmtry, would admit aspublic printing, as the very worst that could have of WssDXLL as to the inaccuracy of his memory andMr. Pavox—Theregardtogevidence in a court of justice. AH Baxbx says is that sire to give my tf sllmeny toat in the Convention or cetdtog tbe one of Mr.the reckJessTiess of illsOb raeeMsg the news of the attack by Indians on exonerates the President from any knowl- is a chargeDailt/ Argua was to lOij per centum, and that some otoer papersIt,not one woid ofbinsthat,at UetMJX^tobelonged Congress,President.ourwhich ittellJLta^u's freedom fnoB tke i-e°and not to thegentleman frankly claims to be aabuse 1 am rebuked theparticular by gentleman.-Mr. Bcbnstt—No, Sir; I am merely claiming to have the ref ponsibility placed where it bslorrgs. Here^^heout of before the nomination,Liacou'i liii^iiThe subjectMr. BizoN presented the credentials of the reelec- this work was, to inform Congress of the fact, and to record. They should appeal to honest Instincts of nomtoate him for ball-room purposes. We wanted a pubUcans are closing up barmOaloiiBly la eainmt ofpostponed till to-morrow.tion of Mr. FosTxx. Adjourned.HOPSE OF REPRESENTATIVES WiSHiHoioir, Thursday, May 31.expended on the work, and I say it was his duty, as chief of the Executive Department, to whose handstoeir hands of all corruption, to lighten toe ship and stand on a pureThe New-Orleani Picaywm ttihita that dto Be-Mr.Conualttee on the Judiciary,amendment the Senate bill providing for the return of the recaptured Africans. There were nowof them- at Key West It was Important that the bill be passed at the earliest practicable day,Mr. Smith, of Virginia, (Dem.,) did not want to force them back in chains, but give them the privilege to stoy in this country,investigating cemethlngpowerlewof us have proper- Westera oilgtoKa*.YadtPaaa•ad^ItKYVous, of Vew-York, (Bep.,) from theupbill nextThe Houre resumed the consideration of the sub-jectofreformInthepublicpilnttBg.Mr, Cobb, of]Alsbama, (Dem.,) said there ought to;was boto false and fraudulent Toere was not eae otMonday.have twenty thousand dollars for your services, but any propositionreform,platform pure and simple, eaoldIteously recei red. The curiosity of the populace be- arms manufacture.! for the use of Government by tempt indignation.propositionelii- but in this We shall seek no quarrel, but we shall value our the of Washington." Tne Rich- nomtoated Hon. T. C. HmnHAB for rfslectlon toof fraud and which have been corruptionpracticed in connection with this public p.-lnting. i effect of their do not say they are not anxi.jus to reform tho<;e rejection of the grievances and abuses, which smell very bad in th"! Hleaiagna Treaty by the votes of nearly all the Re- nostrils of the i>eople. With regard to this print-between SouthCaroltoaeditors. Envr.vpKntTT,Jr.,brothercaQsiwhich the treaty was ejected, Seuators will have an posuresthan with ahad a well-det"incd impression tha: for the sake of re-taining power, corruption had been tolerated, if notthe Charleston ConventionThere duel in i« another•pportunlty more closely to consider the aetloato-day, itissupposedthatthethe 1 country.Sir, that oath actively encouraged, in high places, lie maictained themselves. The Richmond considers the te^tloiony upon for Enquirerot toe editor of Ihe Charleston Jlercum,oartilBpublican Senators had not a little infiuCTice in the re-treeisarccessliyfora change. Tiere- complete^?^'Z:^^^!^^ s'pe^ker*o'f'toe"ilou\a,;' merrenao- fa"''""";^'a ticket. It thlrks that he bax bilgbtellectnally guard eatigrxnts, tha malls, and serureIketafety of the Poay Expreia in future.indicate*As it Hou!eliptopnted that the bill which passed thePre-sldfnt saving this amount of money loan lirgeingprivate affdirs, to"His a somewhat that tne stegular ckcjrnsuncefor a second choice on whom to conianUato,The contestedagaln^BAaaxTrwiillH. „»,iej Tacsday next"""^"palUation cJrPmnloX Ib"ve^'iT) hone rhi*wl be a more hotiestBazxb, givennouDcing such invasion it was opposed hv Messrs. BAXKSDAue. Sih9uto:», much he ha-el tne«e^ci""' Jgdg«SAiiiii.,of thehe hador from hig'h official sources. I do do notofattrihuteJat KlehiBsad.AQ—What did 'oo anderttacdtioQ ? A —I a&firptood Uxe FfesiCeatA campaign Republican paper called the JUul-Trtimrjdraft wit issuscby mlxpriat to Mr.fySt'rti .M r ExxxsT,UiaxSfinter,is about to be iiaued ia"'williiothonest as the one nowiu r"w.'" ''"'"""' »'« Aearning imini.-ra-towa„r;drsi ,H«o„n„e.s,t \AB,C,.,?(Baxbxistraflon,recollect his exact words'"'-•"".-ints, is crl- S.ipnmcK,.::,a,tc today'He ia'dCoixxcnos.—;reportedback with anYes;that thereIndiana. Tbe rest of toe wia States,Old rats had crept into thebe a chaage of policy.public crib, and had got so cunning as to hide them selves from public gaze,-profits prtotlng, through the Assistant-Secretary ot State Applxtos, and Attorney-General Ulace, distributed them to keepbu:, I ansflver, cases showed analogousdent. 1 tell the gentleman that, when I chouse to doduty incumbent on him as u representative pledgedasis and Imperttoent"Republican paperstoKanxaa, repudiate*thepetty annoyances so obnoxious to them on their arri- esse, why sboulu it not in another? I kuow ihv. Gami'S if he could but ha\e for his com- States. The leadtog Idea of the party is reform—totaland Hoa. ;val.Pendinr the question to reconsider the vote by posed 10 throw the veil of cjncealment over the ex-king.<r entiineiits and of toose who wish that toesome gentlemen on this side of the chanr.)er :ire dis-and fundamental reform to details, which have beenbe controlled T. C. HranHAaaadNBAax Pxabcs by friends of theaopears that theDemocrats. An tnellectual effort was made to re- porters of the Administration. It bas been said that joyed bis confidence, and who Is at the present usurped toe throne, and deep enough to secure hoa-jectloB of the Mexican Treaty by Oie votesIIj;Iand g: ess that this oilit^e created an excessive amonntof make bold tomoney for a .^pe.ific service, and suggest to C.inirre5s Lie propric'v ^! remedying the evil, and saving the money ? That is myicomplalnt—that instead of theform must be wrdc enough to restore freedoin as thei;'ofmove the injuaction of secresy, and heace the exact sUte of tke queetlon cannot particularly be stared.The War Department, today, telegraphed theCommander at Camp Floyd dir<>ctiDgcertainlymem Mr. Bakzb. His test im any, given, not before the Co- vode Comoiittee, for which 1 entartain b.it^j,toe former body.Hon. JoB.v Mi.N'OK BOTTS, in a letter -replying to.. . thattection from Salt I,aka to Carson Valley, whichsay.impu'.sestut notHe saysWlIhe supporters of Judge Docolab are cxxtlBii Mia(|l^adequate pro- wli!is not animated the bybut one which smelling around the country, raktng up the ejgoers of almost forgotten malice, and which goes about peer-rt'f: ve a hearty support totoe Chicago nomlaee*. •/•Ing of Post-office' blauks. itExecutive Department, alter doing the wo'k. distributed the surplus among the parti sins and su?-will not refer. Sir, to the testimony of WtsozLt, bal Iwill take the evidence of one who was intimatelyconnected with the President—one who en- guideof federal policy, to set aside the Ido. which hasthe President diitribuled this money among liiscsty in the conduct of all Its affairs.The Cincinnati Gazette sayswell. When he distriouted it at all. he had the right to distribute it among his frieiuls. lint why did not the President inform Con-time Collector of the port of Philadelphia, 1 nothingThe Post-office Appropriation bill for the easuing an mvltation to attend a held at Baltimore a mcettogferredCasshsfriei:ds. Tn;it Is allveryP^;.',^'-' kaew.MM.^^iLmtir.^if";, "nvojtethe arm of Justice and the^lirln^ ? '^l?l"'>i'= against this act of the .Wmia- make. Ni., Sir tertinouysection the Postmister- General to allowingand o.Js^.«>.e^" 'f'*!:^?."""^'•'"«'•"» be found noMUsouri eler-tion ca.o of BiAia or extenuation. iWAntto see exhausted the wholeDemocratic Coanaittee of a Democratic Senate. .A.nd what is fti'. tes i-sUpdar^lp^J'-'" g ^^ Repa»,.i- chronlsm, by keeping the head of tiwlr QlT,„Did whom money than lo IheWx.i»xli. had been publishertell at that time toappropriatedof the Per.r,sfh-snid<iCitsx, of Missouri a''joiiriied,and after repeated votes, tne'i^^.'^'SSJeuponof their favoritethe name ciBdidate, wtlh4h*'„„„,^ ^Ukea..".f..,-.':'.'^'""?^ fund and sour !e of. at^V- -"^J?*)ter torn iheirfa.es Hon KoGXR A.at Wash-to toat his name isone. 1 fear, atbe so iiast, "hat itveniion,"Mr. LiNCOUi has committed higlMlf oaieUon of the means of oo.raptioa Ind oTMand to that end 1 aooiii !tr.ke t-he firs: bio« a> thesispeechMr. Pxxca i»-Congressiono! prustiDg aoatee. .My de!'bc-ate viilr. to-ti.5 i* ti..,. ^, .j. mfat. after a careful exaiuliitlon cr ;.i: the sv<'-eo5.4dm!at«tri-were er.-0B«5i:5jfrkuj,Iselemn menace to the Slave States,beit so.we toothers,Isonlypossible, suppose,InIcontemptreprobation—a I Commt'tee which.Messrs. Bxu& Evsxsrr,blaaki amoua-«d toMlWhen -"wy »<»«» wlth.o. any'« whMitbepriaei^oftoeBlackBep»lshaU have beeatbe Souto toeteby d(«raded aad deiHBM.money should be distributed as largess amoaa sons, including many fromTbe OhioqDealloa of who fintaomlaated LrxooLi.^Gioaeirequisite compensation United Smtes, as chief custodian of the public AsBMca, Preildent of the Chicago ConTentkm, aad County, erealBf 1898, wkta'ttepublic Treasaryspeakers EsABTos Horxiss. On toe former**"' ' "y. 'hat the President of the it not his duty, then, as Chief Executive, watehii^ treasury, knew that Congre.<s, under a mistakeamajority lalhHr ,misappiehenslon,theproper pricevice, and he failed to call the attention of Congress toIntrcdiiced to toe Iraged and contiauedexecuUon of a specife ser-was it ills duty to have that large surplus expended the fact, or to ask that the law ta"'*^,^"*''""''coantryand distributea among the stipendiaries lyid ser^-lle as to check this great waste and extravagance ofthe iS« t^."I'ltliatne had come 'for themade by thewith Mr. Mr. Pbtoe—It Is charged that it was the duty of uponhiswords that Biker gives his testimony. And Ihe Convention consulted and decided. And al- esls support emi^Ua^'intimated tliatthe President to have corrected these abuses con- nected with the printing of the Pj.st-office blank?. But the gentleman li-ankly denies that it was thetwo otoer friends whom he ered toespeclsliynot think we hadWe went there not to accomplish the of'.' ->.' faiaioir^^ _^- 'gravelyto and tbe wilier ofthe aow'gentlemanifromsay a woed m7ii5^ eTto exclude VVmdxu. as ation to do it in the best manneraecessary solrit word there for secorlBg toewitness,yet it Is;toey ^vould relytrol over the subject. The gentleman denies that tht would subject him to Impeachment ? All I ask where, whattver may have tieen the p.-eferenees or have not sskea tbebringHr.PlotsImnedlatelydispatchedbytelegraphthe wished—thereforeitwasnecessarytogetMr.Bow-President'sdutytointerfere,orthathehadanycon- PresidentoftheUnitedStates,whichifprovencision.Amongtoedelegates.Inthecrowd,every- worthyofWashisotos.Hesaid,No,giiiirMiof the abuses growing out of the abuse of the printing.nobly performed a great work.1 shall not go toto tbe aspublic there is for such aMr. Smxhak, of Ohio, (Rep.)—As I understand the from Virginia says that I spoke with indignation anycharge against thegrowing very well that b» is one of those who and that was his coontry. We fintabuses nbusesbe over. This is tlie abuse, and it is one which was thein, and who had not the power of correcting them, itPrintingngdonebjycont^ra«,cit.ou.r Congressoritwouldhavebeenremedied. Theand however the disposedtect frauds hereafter, I trust before he runsmuck he will be better toform„ed wit.o«,r.e,f=er,e„n„cteoit„oituooe facts of toe case which hetenpast years.Indenunciation of the new demands ofitknown tois toetoat platlorm. over all prominentpanted by cc wito a mnients,have been paid by the Printer for the of of the Act of 1852, but is rather In accordance it. proved my allegation, that the Executive Depart- therefore, went to Chicago to declare toat Um, rtiould he desfre tt Ofsupport party .vrith this cotnae^ToiEaMa*.'^ UTBI.T raarcTX bbtwbjui messbs. pbtob and papers ana to influence elections. Mr. Wssdxll, In The Government had fixed the price at one dollar a ment, at the head of which is the President, was Government was founded to secure the cltoed as politely as made, aad Cram tfctt H^t^lf-^"BITBIIXTT. his testimony, thinks that Attorney-General Black thousand ems, and upon the same principle the aware that an excessive and unnecessary surplus of rights of human happiness; not to build up one man ComtaereuU ceaaed to t>e Mr. ~drew all the papers of the bargain of sale of the Printer of the House charged double under the sametoepublicmoneywas foracertein appropriatedontheruinofanotoer. ThewholemissionofDe-organ."A war of rosea oeemred on U>e Soar of the House I'nion to Mr. BoiTMis. This was the sale ofthe offi- Act This system bas existed since theto.day. lieasrs. Parox and Btnurxtt measured cial patronage simply with the condition that part law. The very man elected by you as Printerof the profits were to be given for party pur- charged tn this way.airacda,ladforsomemomentsthewarofwordswastm^m»1r4. Mr. Pxtob charged home upon Mr, was made to the Philadelphia ^rgu» by the MLi as Printer In my life.pur- pose, and Ihat toey did not inform Ckmgress of the fact so that it be reformed, but on toehasand It will end In the reopening of toe African Slave-poies. He also testifies that thetoeand thegentleman(SecretarySiastiw,ofTennesseeAfricans to thea*.barracoons Key Wart. Itspaymentcorrupt parti-"Depend upon U, the whole purpose of toe South isin thethis,would not hive beeh elected of toe facts. Doesmocracybeen to strengtoen and extend Slavery. years ago, said a distinguished SouthernThe tion ofNew-Orleans Delta is diacrunng the » what shall be dosie with toe tachangeMr. SsiiHAii—I never voted for Coesiuds Wxh- amongst stipendiariesminority agreed inMr. ABTEexT, of Rhode Island, (Rep..) spoke of the that we were paytog more for the work than Ing the corruption fund, be would ask for anotoer it was aceompllshed toe workMr. Pbtok—The President knew that Congreii hadMr. Pxroxthat he wasfighting on his own ttfttncas ajuiy, was unanimous for Ac.njw i,ig.riuMiinaiilItloMa assemble at the Atoeaseua on Wedaeedayappointed to investi-VirginiaOur next work was the selection of candidates.charges we will have to meet at Inevery stump erery everperformingwork. Northern Democracy,could notmight tnat contrary, toe President dispensed this surplustrade. Fivesans of a Press. He partyI have not lamsatisfied that I have given at least ^irimathat It wouldPacific Railroad people, oader aoitablefor theironendttee be appointed, and I will undertake to prove ItIto expatiatethroughimagtoationinmay be cariied toto toe territoriesthey may import negroes from Africaunder cover of toe national flag—for the demand that our flxg shall protect property onihe high teas amounts to this. That is the issue, and we have responded to itreles of Mr. Bcxbitt said they had already three Commit-saysbe well to hire tbsB to tkeIthat the prtociple, not the man, on which success gentleman wasto tie founded. Y'ouknowtoe oftoatlutionofadjournment ade|rted byreplied responsibilityand in the defence of toe to-individualwhich Bum was ten times more than the actual amount tereate of tbe people. He conceived it sound policy and a truer car more maodoubt it 7ask it to amend the law. The gentleman from Ken. the people, aad take cover under no party combtoaj man of loyal heart, and we fotmd him to Axxahah toalr and toat tliere ix littleto be edB»'tucky says that Congreii was aware of it and that the PresidentMr.BtrxBiTT—ThePresidentonlyknewthis that :tion.Mr. RuBJiiTi, like toe gentleman, was in favor offerretint ontcon«iiticm..But tntbairaaal.jceBtlanaa-And anotherrexsonmas. He lives to toe midst iifiaBi if flisia Mailcandidates,latad on imm a divlxlan etther ia itaii BI4i«r la MaaeJiniijtx. The battle latta ran. a» WMlto RepBU&aA-Mto eoacacaed, la to be faackt,ltia emAlOB, ta the Statex ofNew-Jersey, Rlxide Ixlaad, run— lb el Ulaakiuathe Boose was Uon with it.in connee-should not make warrantcharges where toe facts do notlwealth,ly appreciated.and grow-to, who has grown wito the marvetous growthoftoatmarvelousregion. Intoememoryofmost of us, toese western platos were inliahltedby the buffalo and toe red man only Bxu. aidMr. PxTox explained. He had said that the Presi- dent knew toere was an excessive fund.Various gentlemen desired to express toeir views.Mr. Joax Cochxabi, of New-York, (Dam.,) re-1,500 dent with corruption. Now 1 that if the state- marked humorously that it was time the whole Dem- cities that rival toose of toe and aMr. PxYOB—^ aaMMa exception of Maasachiuettx, under tke -"-tT|*i gfthe President Icnew largesurplusfromthework,andhedistributedTlie the Presi- Mr. BcasxTT— gentleman chargesnow we find toereareEvxxait, aot illuiiililile ti<laa» Itepnblleanlsm and ite opponents.of and conuption,and therecoimtry.plesympathy in toeir mtereste and needs; empire for thisstands,isIncontestlbly fke eVtaaought is the evidence of this ?is,be,the centre ofto beimpeached. Butwheresnd is to1 want to strike hands with thatChairman of toe Committee on PrInttog to toe lowest to redeem the pledges we gave in aatictpation of next Pieaidant BecBA»5 says that he is heartilv tired of would not bang a dog on such testimony as that of the position I take, that the President is not censur- bidder. As to his vote for Mr. Dxraxxs for Printer, November.Beard to examine Midshipmen at the Annapolis MavalAcademy. Ordershave been issued detach-' duction which the eviaence shows can be effected. tance to tyrants is obedience to God." This senti- the Bolters atlCharlestoo, calmly but finally, Gen-aamsaand of the Frankfort Arsenal, and Major Hao-proposition who considered the number of employesed, of all rights except what wc maiutaiii by our ownmond Convention, bom in an ecstacy of enthusiasm,Arkansas as a candidate for toe seat to the Ualied States Senate now occupied by Hon. R. W. Joaaaa. His address is long, and he expresses a fear toatquiteaxa the Leavenworth Arsenal.Q.From the Associated Press.'Mr.Wsanxti. It was bad taste for him to scatterable for any fraud in connection witli the printing of the Post-office blanks, but that the whole fault and responsibility rests upon the two Houses of Congress. I am not defending the Administration, but I desire tohe said he voted for whoji he pleased, and would vote against alt schemes of extravagance and corrup-Durtog Mr. Ashmutt's speech, at ite several points and at the close, toe speaker was applauded heartily •Dd freely,NOTES AND ME.MORANDA,tteai,aaddesirestogetthemoffhishands. To-day„,terfelt money in change. The watches were re- taraed, and the money refunded.MILITABTAHDRATAJ.NEWS.Snrgaons McDonsu, tLuntoirs and Caiubxll ;are aypointed a Board to examine into the]hysical con- ditioB of the candidates for West Point) where theytem and in favor of a Government printing office. Mr.PaiOK,ofVirginia,(Dem.)—Wehavemadeex- iag tlw officers of the Roanoke, and the men are to periments of all the various systems of printing, and be paid o IT. Capt. Goxgas has been assigned to the the deduction to be drawn from tnem is so complete as to satisfy any man that neither the contract sys- tem nor the system which now exists is the one which ought to prevail. The question, then, which arises i8> shall we strike out a new Invention—sh.ill we„,Parthian arrows at the President tn the attempt to de- j... w^,..«* .* .... . .._,chased several gold watches, half-a-dozen Yankeeelaaks, and a lot of coHee milii, brlugtng back eoun higher price than was offered by a responsible bidder. dent of the United States being charged with that for the estoblishment of a Govermncnt Frinttog-officc.of the J^apanese officers went shoprip-ingo,> and p1-ur-^from eitoer toe Democratic or.„j „„.'among bis political enemies.will assemble on the 11th of June. Capt. Cabwaiia- Mr. Vailaswobam, of Ohio, (Dem.,) brlefiy gave naa Riaoou) takes the place of Capt. Wiuus in the his reasons why he was opposed to the contract sys-is attacked because he holds his tongue. The gen-tell themtheyaremistokenintoeirestimate of these men. We have seen anl tilked with tlieseWA8ui:iaT0!i, Thursday, May 31. try another experiment? The gentleman from Ala- an bama, (Mr. Cloi'toii) In his speech, inUmited that Attorney-General, yesterday, gave opin- the plan propoaed^or the establishment of a Gov- !•• in Cavor of allowing the State of Missouri about ernment printing office would greatly inccease the but 1 do not look upas this asof a few years would demonstrate to be not only cor- restoration of the true idea, and the overthrow pf Richmond Contention u-tll never meet, li it does, .Vils- kansas papers. He does not o wn an interest in aa^ rupt, but which would be so grossly corrupt as not falsehood. The doctrine of the irrepressible conflict slts ppi will be toe solitary occupant of It. Even the of them to the amount of a dime : he expecte toe faoa- only to smell bad in the nostrils of the people, but is as ancient as toe lav, ol Moses. Were they to be Alabama iticbniondltes, who toaugurated the bolt, tility of all of them, but be defies thetn.would make gigantic inroads upon the public Treas- dissolved as a parly because its continuance was to are to imminent peril of betog overslaughed to thtir Fber Docglass' paper has succumbed to the ury. For these reasons he would vote against that be considered as a menace to the Slaveholding OH^ Convention at home, and of receiving orders toThe9*00,000, being the two per cent arising from the sale Federal patronage•f tke public lands in that SUte, heretofore reserved likely to follow. We have already a Superinteiulentky the Federa; Government on account of the coa-atracUon of a national road, but which was never ex- ing Office would be a foreman printer, and a foreman leaded to Missouri, a draf". for the amount will be binder, and therefore the objectlaii on the scorespoken by gentleman Virginia (Mr.PxTox). 1 must first premise inv remarks by That Slavery is toe highest type of civilization is a obey toe command."mean-spiritedIsmed ta a few days.The Japanese are begiualng t^ showof an increase of patronage amounts to nothing. But I: Is further alleged that tlie establishment of- a Gov- ernment PrintltiR Office would open up freih sources ofclamor for redress. The gentleman from Kentucky There was necesilty for a great organization to over- tog the question whether toere shall be a6i)aa./fd»- mnnerative.of tlcBce at their protracted stay here, but as yet no dayrote, with some exhibltloa of indignation, at my throw false doctrines. He tald, not m a spirit of Richmond Convention. The Montgomery Weekh/The Leavenworth Timcx, one of the most influ-signsimpa-for a muck the Presi- presumption running agatnstmenace or unktodness. but under a solemn sense ofHailcalls toe address of the nineteen members oftionIlcan side.Mr. Haskih had voted for Mr, Dxraxxs for for which he is not responsible. It was the —120 against S6.Printer, after he had proposed to the Republican cau- Legislature, not the Executive Department, that was Mr. Pbtox made a personal explanation. In stattoggrade him, when he, (Hasxht,) for a cause yet unex- plained, gave the contract for binding to a friend at acoming After turtberRepjib- the House passed toe billsplit at Charlestonwaslinmtoentaad Mr.O'Naa la-Besides,beAnd yet the gentleman stands up with a swagger, and arraigns the President for dividing the jot>s legitimate-cause he did not give his opinion upon tliis subject. The position of the President is Indeed an unfortun-ate one, for when he gave his opinion upon a greatpublic question he was found fault with, and now hea surplus fimd, but that he Indignantly repudiated the proposition.The House went Into Conunlttee of the Whole on the State of toe Union.Mr. Adajib, of Massachusetts, (Rep..) spoke of thedolts and doughfaces, to be whlpi>ed and commanded by a handful of desperate politicians, who have al- ready been foiled and beaten to toeir brag game ?Wii. W. Kiso, President tern, of the Louis- proiana Democratic State Central Committee, has iaaaeda call for toe to toe State Caoventiaa, held delegatesat Baton Rouge on March i, to reaisemble on June 4,lywithin his his own friends instead o'^ gift, amongWe;lack of means, and Is about to become atore of a enough to weekly by contenUng Itself wito appeariaf mai^Of.puton solemn recordmyprotest againstthePresi-proceedingsments toe prospect of it He urges tlie poiliattaB of "ceived toe of the legitimate advantagetalityThere have irone our brothers and sisters, our sonsp-intlng.Mr. Ilorsros, of .\labama, (Dem.,) said the Presi- dentneededno defence. The fact should be known that he was governed by toe law, and knew nothingand daughters;toere thrift and enterprise havegonenow" aad custogivehalftheprofitsforparti^npurposes. giniaandNew-YorkfindfaultwiththePresidentbe- thatin1857hewassolicitedtoapplyforaportionof supposedthattoemajorityinthisConventionare onlyfromtoedarknessoftoepraeoitILixct)^.aalilf^that ottt:He is aWesleinMr. Pbtob—This Is my allegation, founded on un-contradicted testimony :|That the Presioent did say to of extraordinary profits.the gentleman who does the public You Sir. Walioh, of Vermont (Rep,) was ready to day comes, as may it never come, when toe of toe leceders but would have been wiillag to bavaI stopptog all toe public prtnttog. In whatever shall here is a surplus of twenty thousand dollars more— he eonc, however, be expected to be cheated.jtofiUtg havlag tbe State lepreieBted at Batttaoraiup liis partv oreana. In toe course of bis remarks he I went to serve no man. I had no love for any man. and PmLEHoir Stacxt and J. H. FOwiai,sion to support the bill for a Government printing, Mr. Pxiox— I am satisfied my friend, after challeng- pudiated at nis own home. In relation to the charge applause.) Bat his spirit still lives, and, animateil by Stxtbxh S. FosTxa expressed bis sarpilxe at tWa a»-said that Mr, Cobbbut certainly he (SMna) sition was made to me. erous to toe on which he was principlespass for an old rat himselfwho was not after old rats. He had come to the conclu- Mr. BrasETT—I will not be diverted. (Haseis) opposed Iiim. The President was even re- lost In an overwhelming and long-contmued burst of totenUon of supporting tbe RepobUexnecrtainis the story of•Bght to know. The Impression now is, that oflice. He was sorry that Mr, Haskis had spoken of ing me for testimony, will not now gag me.hewhere Marshfield— sentence wax Jasxs Rispatb, to which that gan [toedirectedSuch;elected,toeHe Mr. BcaBXTi—I have not put a gag on the gentle- man. Now, Sir, I do not intend to be diverted fromagamst blm about letttog out the btoding of toe toat spirit^ I went to perform the duty wtiich yen had nooneement, and proceeded to deliver an ortke^a:responsible for the fraud. The gentlemen from Vir- that he bad been approached, he should have added drawn as a Presidential candidate. It says Is It toe National Halls, augtui good forAiifBtaietleman from New- York offers a resolution Slavery question, and of the overshadowing oligar- men. They are made of toe stem and unyielding to receive toe report of toe delegates whom they seatjoint "to reduce the public printing forty percent—a re- chy of what Is sometimes called property. Resis- stuff which God uses to make men out of. They told to the Charleston Convention. The Central Comaiit-tee thtoks that the ehoaen to tlie delegates origtoallyState Convention have every power to fill vaeaaotexthat ttUs would be the result of carrying out such a decision of toe Supreme Court strips us, he remark- nant people? They will stand firm while this Rich- Hon. A. Rust offers liimself to the people ofAs to the proposition of the from Ohio (Mr. ment nerved toe arms of the Revolutionary fatoers. tlemen, if have made your minds, so hivegentlemanGixixv),he looked upon it as one calculated to great- Heyou uptoe doctrtoc that the negro has no we.' Do you toink you can scare these nun whenin the which is to attend tbe Baltimore delegationcombatedly enlarge the federal patronage. None could deny rlghtswhich the white man Is bound to respect. This they see you strangling In the clutohes of ao indig- Convention, if it is thought best to sead one then.The old tyranny has been burnished overthe Government, would create. Taking aU by modem politics and j-udiciai Democracy. The into nonentily under the timidity of toose n ho darewhich such a giganti.- establishment, ownedbylight armf.and amidst showers of fiery bravados, is melting awaywas to the laws organized promotethe had todicatedconclusion that Is a scheme which the exparience of liberty and resist oppression, having in view the Charleston Thsaiie. From present indications, the be CBiipot procure its publication in any of the Ar-things into coHMaratioii, I have come to the Republican Partynot .followbythe secedcrs in theproposition. But in this c-onnectlon 1 want the evi- States ? Our fatoers did not think so, and go heck to the National body from which they sloped.of Public Printing, and the only two additional of- dence of Ihe from we are dome no more toan they did. Our fear is that toey win beficers that would be needed in a Government Print-When Mr. Docclass was at liberty to leetan iaftia faying that I have made no attack npjn the shocking idea, and it has been repudiated by the The Southern journals are vigorously discnss- country his receipts old much to mato'atn UaairgaB, President but merely referred to facts which wisest and best men of the slaveholditig States, but his European tour docs not appear to be vaiy la-entialso, 1 will as readily run a muck against th: President to the cause ot freedom, there can be no comoromise " Impossible in performance.'' " it is not only a Idea toat Senator Sxwabs has "claimi" upon tkeas 1 would against the poorest man In the communi- whatever so long r s the question remains luide- proposition," It says, for the seceders " to eat up their party of which he was so disttogutshed a eeafeer,coontry. To-day the Ambassadors visit the S-nitriso- ment had already departments anl workshops torkbe^'SB Institute and the Coast Survey. Tiie under manufacture of arms anri the building of ships, under ty. 1 am. Sir, the Independent representative of one ttrmined; an<l this Is equivalent to saying so long as words, but to swallow themselves,, and to leave altoough he was toe first choice of toe Timss fbr tkeandgroups unattended,peer places had heen adopted after other experiments hid of the Pretldent and of his Cabinet, aod any menacesnpporti Congressionalits own suf*rvisioD, and this was a system which hundred thousand freemen of this country-the ;toe Free States exist, and toere is a party in lavcr nothing behind toem but the stench of disgrace and Presidency. ItIjacoui aad Haxub beaitily.District of Arkansas hoxCox-eScials, in•fmanufactureandart. Everywheretheyarecour- lieentried—theexperimentofhavingsnipsbuiltand orbLandisbiucnlsfromliimorthemiscu.-nwitncoi»-visit theof tbe inalierable rights of man. If this be amake suchinfamy. How honorable men could a The FirstIand If ining satUSed, they are no. longer subjected to' the contract to the lowest bidder. If the system of ihe one respect. I am like Alsxasdix the Great, who no mond i'laminer, on the otoer hand,c'jilms that the N.nothing reektog atmosphereprinciplesmorethanyourfriendship. We,asapar- gress. TheConvcnttontheniadoiaedtoeaction'(Jovemment doing its own work provci rl^ht in one declared that he would contend in the Olympian ty, have design against the rights of Southern address in question coincides with toe feeUngs,ofItipetitiirs.leapto thecontest with thef.'overnment shallI would ratnerPresident of the Unite' States, in vindicating the in- suffered of late years to rim li. to many abuses. .Mi Sou'h and not by Black Republicans." In its view the Richmond Convention.of theforfeited ihe confidence and betrayr>d the interests ofnot yet dissolved, andprospectterestspeople,lesser man, if heistic seieders may go to Baltimore witoout stultifylagsay.charged the Executive Department of tne Govern- that toe honor of the coimtry and those who may evidence almost conclusive Uiat toe RicbmonJ Con--malpractices upon pujlic Treasury. be concerted in toeacmtoistnitionoftoe Governm-?nt, ment with toe Ivention will over and await the final adjournor a sense of by11. Oovem^entPrinting-office,shallgoUitoeffecton Jri°,"."'/*'\'^'°*"''''^'-«'"'*-hepartofthePresident havingnorespectorconfidenceinit,Iwouldnot bytkeattofIHSI—anaveragereductionintooseolfi laidaboutnf'<-?'U,!,';''f'"a'„? "Hon. WAaxia Wirslow, of Norto Caroltoa,a s the^Mlf -'V li4iM|LUe4ihof Maicn, ls<;i,tlie resolutionrates under tie |.re«eiii wlU systema ul hl> C;i inci anl 1 Irvoke the njstloe of theces of abo'tt ten per centum and also Harper'sFerry°*probable alternative In tola erenti-» ^g,^^*reducing agilnpeo-any aliegatiousPlatform is silcht on tiic all the noise made about it,,the be Introhave ventured to adducesubstantiate any charge I mi^ht feel itreoealing the the— SomeoftheDemocraticjournals amonitl^gf*^^meny:The remarksdays ago, in supjrfirt of the Central Route PacUiepublic duty,goes:fis.'a! year being under consideration,.Mr. CoLux, of Indiana, (Hep.,) from toe Post-officeCommittee, inoted toe various retrenching propo. sitions.The maximum pay of the route agents on railroads was made $i«0 instead of 1,000.toe nomination male tbe bypublicanril fu'ure ho is heartilythatmf.:,into the innermost recesses ofto-dsy, providing tor the ettabllshment oi' a nmong the sttpeLdi-ries and parUsans of the pirty. I States—piolsssirjg no regard for tlils Committee, over $400 postage per quarter, to the rates esttollihed ten toe John Brown raid. We tehevc » "-"i? .strength incaseof the witodrawal of thab ImJBt-Mr. Colfax moved to farther amend so as to reduceexh.iuited treasury, te distributed this surplus money ret up chaiires against the President of the United toe percentage ofthe Postmasters whose offices yield Charleston ConvenUon should have entirely forgot-1 take it from the of Mr.tra pay to Pos yiasicrs over their salary saving of nearly *2nO,0Oii per year.;had mace hi. ce'ebratedspeecuonthe Cleveland Pfaindeaier-perpetrate a;here befi re aorj'*to'^gb^V^-^^directions from the Aim'n- :Mr. FaxxcB (everalRailroad bii!, as reported by toe Select Committee, ;n lo.iun MMdiy cfenlng.at a meeting a'-ti i.y, AaXAaAii, aiidfept AaxAV.by ttis«J —Ton ejoke olconTfrtiig with tie PrettdcJ' a^eol FXAXX.ftoai it to my duty ti>;otter wisethe "»P':.'i«-"tJ hid let- 'I'-n^ bqAattersUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comex- making agivei|onlyi|1" '^v'"'?S???^Batiato fcS.bysea-tide,te<° *''« Chicago nominations,' not leu th»n 2,000 per-might be amended soallegation I make, and i..f. t„ rw""* ^^ setected as their del-""V "fBOoiHepaWlcaaey «-«'Tnfw Jnasa, J. Coox, BrTwTc. CAMjjf aiS o3iet«. ~1W^fi-laxt fight LnroMjtiiaa madeia liiiaota. kieit !,?» fc.^V whichtbegentlemanhasextortedfromifte. eg«etoChicago. Sohonoredhehadfunds. That Ir toevKMCft^were""^ofhUstewardship,all porpogg to rescoe Government from tbe deep degradaUon IntospreiiAbeyeadthe wbota lake*,value andHe if a man oftoat excels we have ever known. anytotoeGeorgia,has wiittea aaction of the Ualtimoje Convention. It todulges a hope toat the Nortoern Democracy wUl b^ larglliy r.^eip-ritciMcniitiecdu'f-ir^^Mc^t-iiSSlS wiUfui and maUclous, If notsinie loUnion Convention, iadorsesbefore him, and has reason toconlent wito toe present and that bafortolghtratifyvery heartily.The Chronicle 4 Sentinel, of Augusta, Gn..glA special Washington dispatchonder toe caption of " A Strange Oversigh:.' «»y«wasin the invasiontoemCcEiBiittec rose .wltiiout a quorum, and toe House fh."l.'i!,'.?^r mtJ o-' dVno.m?lngB John Brownlsm and so, Subject to the decision of tbe CharipMHtte invasion 0." t.t.t!.>nri.-Sj.I'RYOR inada ar:' t- '-te n on .imacn of .Mayer Bxxaxt.Preu and TriliwuChicago annaanccsoa^s aotter-ixd denciiiacc-icpp:r«rtCUci^o.accepted tbe him out of hU seat la toe Senuawere mseureTelrw^tm^SMm Prfiw^MiL M^;'' .'° ' ^'longer commit tiaelf toaay lu-w. bearing a grievous load, could do no less views or fortunes, but Ihe articles to) to me African Slave-trade." I laughed at the;produced to the reopenprogressvery easily and gently done. Theretional Democratic Party of Fulton Cooaty kbut little, if any, voice to tke niectlon o(tfHilledgevllle CoaraBtlon on tke ilk ofioa*the ptIlnever held a seat in toe House of Representatives. You may say be Is not Ibe handsomest man to toe world, but we did not;a ing from Buffalo, denies that fbeCrmmenUt (jn'It seems to be tbedeAe of tke party Ikrt allCongieas, o'clock, for toe purpoee of taUaganeb a^Um ^flkaMr.of toe majority ofthe party, and. ax such, oochttoha.Docolax; 1 want that we of the East should feel a proper supported. 1 he secession at Charleston, be thiakL'Congress, of every corrupt llceBtloox, rowd|y, nm- Register speaks decidedly reply bltog, drinking man." He bax sbnddered attkaThe Mobileto toe proposition toat Judge Docglas shall wito- scenes of whicn he has retd ax havtog traaxplrad iainthe Southern State* at Charleston, and aopomtedB. DcBLiowsand 8. D. Caxxoll as Delegsteioojects as aJ ter.la'es to'many pre- M. CiAY tor toe first place oa tke Re--'  