 -.amongjpaittasapee-f^9di-fotfi Vvm. fmM,iMt.Voly prices.Tcportselves earnestlytogiving currencyof cate with as little positive inconvenience and-'^Ii?£!r»m. STAaKi,anagentwhen the members would at-a would:jonnuds«aa^^ It ia, of course, anderatood that at c<maent8 to thia ceasion, because of theremainstolidly fact.indifferent to thisgreatCertain it Is that no single measure to which the Police Department tias applied its powers was ever more wel-,ignorance of the Hottentots of Africa. And ers to have coimected Sabbath with sobrietyTbe new woolen Suchastrangerwillnodoubtbepainedatour cessfTil(iteration,employlagaish^eperaHvaa,aaAdnigned for circn- CalUornU, Oregon, W»«h- tCotanblt »ad the Sandvrlch IiUadi,From all the information we oan ob- tain on the anbjeot, and from a consideration"nrgiata natsotian (prnaSsa Fnasiaeeaal Ke«.:•'''v^SgWf9><UltfU9IA, ,782; brassforOf copper osd send to Cnba, now,aixNovember, Deoember and Jaati- aiy are generally tbe doDaat nonths intte Po-Congress to vote, net to oan i lase or be eon-orito ua mraiMTen (Monday) Mounra, i> &• side, ve are inclined, ob the contrary, to bellaw bicon, Cuba takes $282,672; Mexico, r^r^ fbr tlM (tMBridpf AOmMt nd /Tara that the ratification of this most importuC $£,202. Of household ftamitHra, Cuba•nsvfuMtm."'JM^i* lanadspsdBl'oatefKflsk&~2;V^' -Ammwim VUa StmIbc. '"^ff^WBIT or KTOO—Lmu M Laxkuiioox.•ASAnr-OM^ Bnuderstand, however, that the Bepublican mem- bers of that Committee iiad some time sinceshow that all sections of our cotmtry, the and Sundays from Aug. 1, 1867, to Feb. 1, 1869, toiions fint, ttat it U9 mmtm at a» imo ths payosWsn to bria!< ihsg < alse«isn«Fn'S*l**s-North, the South, the Boat and the West^ara and excluding those for " Noveihber, Decem- deliberative asseHHie^ighMiiM mttl^tBment sor to Bsaator &wlB tUs wtatsr, a fsar ia sAaaaas sfequallyinterestedindevelopingthe enormon l>erand andthe numberon wecommitthe affairs oftlie Union, wereto tbeiPTspsr11ms,«ia1<m>amvlstolfrasdbetast*»- January," average plSisadofsmostialnnaehMaafar. TkslaMes- field for their special exports which tuu only those two days for such quarter proves to have deslare ttiat he iiad given a vote other than had tioas ai« that ft* seheae, -irtlek kas aavar hsaa ssA-begun to be worked in Mexico : a field into been 2,978 while the arrests on those days been expected by his friends or his party, in con- deatly matured tejustny even aeagBapaB it, wB be ;which, as soon as it shall be falriy thrown for the corresponding Winter quarters for sequence of the arguments of a poUtical eppo- abandoned.open, our emigrant labor will also be profitably " November, December and January," of 1857, nest, he would be greeted by nine-tenths of the Tke clipper ship DonQinMCte saDs (o-SMtioWtarXHCAXU—Taa Bouaoa or a PoibUnXA KXXBrSTHKATSK-Jmian Dun, M IH favor ita adoption; and even Mr. Siwabd,invited, and In which onr surplus capital wtn '58, were 3,084 ;find the most of em- — inChina, taking one knadrad and for 1868, '59, no less public with a shout, either of pity for his imbe- five thoasand Hazicaii dadlaia.v .' .^PMmiw '-^jMif^^BOVSBTtag*fkaey goods and other prodacttoBS of Omttion U> liimself..JAi^HIT or DSSISN—XzHOinoK ei PAnrnxag. his influence with bis own party at this criticalconsiderationsofsympatiiyestablished -"to prevent crime."Can itbewonldsealliisfateasapolitician.CAHAl^KKm, Me. aM-Wamocx'a Fun Oauiit period of Ills political life. Any conspicuousStates has under discussion aof whichaof " denouncedare bidalged that sock <wOlInto common nse bi Alsof household faraitnre of exqolstts taats, bssnt; aad of moderate coat.Rev. Mr. Gabls and lady wished to go to Japoa as misslenaiiea, by one of the vfaaols asmsd, bat tta charter parttearefosed to take Oem as passMfsn, «* file plea that their prsssBce in that eooatiT sstadan^wOp.' JI~UU-nignorancegreatquestion, in— importphilosophyDepartment nniformly greater;were closed." They used tobereasoning pow-as the abode ofPunoiM.treatyblasting stigmatieing roundlyas a deliberate and purchased traitor.'IIthearrests on tbe week days " than on Sunday,1Nmt BroadwaT—Ifson or Kiaa BBR—the world now knows the'— recognizeaad rasoM la iTrntcPLB.BAUMV—eaoBoa CatRTlMnrRans.tion of Mr. McLane'sinterfere very seriously with Mr. Siwabd'sligiousand civildespotism,andopensto civ-vhen a considerable number>M-Uf aAaUUr—Ta> Anssaa k Ocl M»ma«.T- MXniVB OF THS OAT.m» aniral of the Arabia and the Bonittia, ther fromtreaty,ilizing Christianity a country of mote tlian —-fciiUrerpooLOB the itn inst, aappUea intereating in- I fiam tbs Old World. In regard to the ru-with liisclaims to tbethe lastsixty per cent, less; and it would not tiavs tors in this time ef snows may appear a mostand the latter from South-indeed of it aa un already apeakand We have Societies to search out the heathen in the Pacific Islands, in Africa, Ctiina, and the remotest comers of the earth, upon whom to expend millions of money, and weelts of benediction and prayer, and yet these Societies either do not Imow'or will not care enough about the heathen of Mexico totiirongfaiciificaa of France in the late Italian campaign,Treaty must lead to war with that conntryBroadwayas cold anddampas that of apork- dates to the gonwi in Tiew of the'4il OMitnl Italy. That the engagement!and Biitidi riiliiisKithe attempt to suppress the Stmday liquor calds, coughs and coffins tlian poverty and A party had been dispatched by the cULssai of Vsft-^compensation anticipatedMdtt wUch the French army waa to be one by one, state their own meaning, and weIndia,comed and sustainedtheby communityl»th,land, Oregon, to explain and repcstIKss toI'sg Ikaa peace footing ia not deceptive, we .« •maoee & the report of the French Ministertraffic.,'jhlBeAuponbelieve it isthe beyond powerof the most ex-1>having in a good degree accomfdished their object, with results that gladden every heart,Similkamen minea. The aeconatj from tese goldwestern even more effectually tiian the riverseparatesbothfiromBrooklyn.Had the Delpiiic oracle possessed the pro- on the BarrlsonBiver.afWar umonndngtravagantone notsalting process Broadway,> thatthe contingent of 1859 willcontinuetobeofaa character. exciting'' ndoeed from 140,000 to 100,000 men. Farther to make mountains out of to dis- %i mole-bills,4Malt» of tbe late actioos in Morocco state that the cover in any part of tliat treaty even the tmtO» of Jan. ^3 was in reality drawn, both armiesIn that of Feb. the remotest possibility of war, of tbe acqui- 1,minesThe British ship See yymji^ arrived at TaBconvertheifbalhar of the Emperor of Morocco commanded sition of territory, or so much as the dusky—can assemble meetings of sympathy for their own industry and fidelity, and which alatatalngpositions.ongrateful and hopeful community are eager toon the head of the man or the Depart--4iH Ifoon, who were mowed down fearfully bydisenthralltheirbenightedcountry.Wehave proposedto aiaketbeof thethat tae regnlar army of the Emperor has not been worthy to be called a statesman, worthy totte Bumiau artillery. It Is now credibly reported fa actioo, bat has been held in reserve, upon thethat the enemy migbt be drawn into fthe jntozior aid then overwhelmed by an unex-outlinesubiquitousnegro.Any man,itiripatiopct«d KoesiTTB is said to hare stitutional Liberal Government of Mexico,Mexican. Prominentand divines can take the stand and talk elo-placementour Sabbath quiet restored.gMBbe istakenthemurkytowith the offreedomandprogressinthatcountry treat-stream"and valofthe whichnow injunctionsatta«^The Proteslftnt to deputation,ofthe"its mercenar>- ferryman. The condition inHttngary.''^IftaAtfi&eEki^eTorhad refused an interview, hadprevent opetatloas in the New-Almedan quicksilver mines.vital, enduring principle —Ssriing and a hostile purpose. Discontent waa so ing with a Government which, if he has anygeneral and menacing that Government was confidence in our own institutions, he mustplaceriiHahod a memorandum indicative of irritatedSpeechesCongress.A large meeting was beid in Santa CJara on the which our streets are kept half the year 2Stb, to give expression to the public feeling created through makes it difficult to tmderstand what by the continued closing of the New-Almartea quick- silver mines. Resolutions were passed dsclariog that tbe injunction, ff long continued, would destroy thethat HlSAHOir has advanced to the neigli-ico, with which we are treating, was but theterrible waste of time.They were the mainmadeif this were so, it is evident that a change is taking place in ttiat quarter. Mr. Stnrara, we are credibly informed, is beginning to entertain broad and enlarged views of the trea^ and toMiB-Lonua. who is to be still inclined to supposed stronj^yTHXATBI—WoiToixo—TBI Tours make a party matter of the treaty, and to op-magnificent opportoidties than 8,289 both cases in excess of the ployment. This is another powerful inflnenoe Summer or any other qnarters.ciUty or of execration for Ids treachery. Nor Tbe barks Wtot Ckttr aadwonid the matter rest here. The whisper of a Frandaco for Japan on flie 24tfa, to oMria eanp|S sfmtMIkmSawa Woiiab—K«m>iICaoaiu.BAnOlFS mrSKinC—AfianwoB and KmlBC-<4Hi be opening his eyes' to the fact thatat work to secure the ratification of Mr. Mc- Lane's treaty.confession that, wliile sitting in his [dace in<J^'niCAISI ntAKCAIS—Brqush CascoTS. SMMDYAT, cor. Kinth-itrset—Bossms's Scxma-pose it on purely partisan grounds, is stated to in so doing he will assuredly excitefact, then,thatforty-threesackasbsvereeeatlysoldbanatop their minds to oppose it in toto. Buta new and active element ofandopposi- lessen— of a tiigfaer strainot])cr methods than those of the Depaitraent.Iiorhood of Vera Cruz with forces greatly eiceed- shadow of a party, f instead of being, asfag the levies of the Liberals. Much reserve it is, the victorious and progressive po-it there. It is of little nse fora view to protecting American citizens, who are us at this day to discuss the worn-out policy of ment of MiRAMO.sandsupportersof thatsystem taken theonpro-ditriagthemacross the river.Findingthat the momentousquestion,on national has grounds,totive, and, rightiy interpreted, furnish a basis public meetings will never ask them speakBABAHA AT HIW-OBIXAHS—BICBUITIKO FOB attain such a result The changes in the market aretion to elect a Senator at theare commendthemselvesimmedi- embodyingprovideswhat- riT had been some days at Havana, sailing forin crediting these questionableof despotism in that country, ia order to defeatthe ratification of the truly republican treaty place debatingahooid betd^jrama. Our Government has, however, re-ceived such assurances in regard to the condition safety would still lie in taking up that Party, of (Siihaahna, as to decide it upon orderingdetachments of the army now in New- streagtheningpracticedlitical force of that country, om onlyits it in lyingofHow much they have liad to do with^he present lamentable condition of parliamentary oratoryMexico to pass the Mexican frontier, withandmaintainingis shown in the wide Vera Cruz, false as we difference which everybody recognizes betweensaid to be exposed to imminent danger from thethreats and excesses of the Reactionary faction.This action on the part of the President is an anti- drawing entirely from her affairs. We have a cipation of the policy authorized by the unratified direct interest in Mexico which will not suf- convention of Mr. McLahi. Details of the attackBade by the Mexican guerillas, uiuier the com-uponknow them to be, with other fabricated state-engagedtime haa arrived which makes it imperativa on her way down the Bio Grande, reach us by upon lis to shape the destiny of that Bepnblichave either toandtion,and we shall be'happytemand of COKISAB, on the steamer Ranchero,argue or veryof Ksw-Orleana. The steamer, which had a Tihulde freiglit on board, was attacked at Balsa,WSJaa truly as if it formed an integral portion oflaw of thearecapable managing the great stye in which our imperialLook upon tbe question from whatever side we will, wa shall find that weat two previous, were in the immediateTieinity and exchanged shots vrith the guerillas, and tbe necessity of a peaceful solution of thiswhatJmows-one of population is condesaatied to wallow.presentfrom the proposed treatyplainThe United SUtea steamer Crutadtr, Com. MoF-ingof Dr. GwniEi-GoT. WiLLiB in a published letter. From face, and mustthe first fruits of the Policehadjbeenvehementlypolicy crime.jiacety(h«fon 19, atelyOolmaUato Jan. 24. The reports from the Simil- mercial men see that 6,000 mUes of sea coast ^frwimi mines continue to be injlammatory.Fob.19. The Dsmocratie Convention adjoaraed last nifht after adapting a reselutloB to support tbe nmnlaee of" Bt a suecsssion sf arrivals we have Havana are at once to be thrown open to their ship- port,butgenerallywrites a trashy article for•dTMeatafeb. 15. The news is without moment. ping. A brisk trade will spring upor,paragrapbist long;31m Cwtain-fleneral of Cuba had issued his pro-Gulf ports of Mexico, with her land frontier,naively expressedIt isnew company had been formed, to be called the *'Cor-for recruits for the in Mo- armywithherCalifomiashores,withGaaymas,Ma- presumedto visit the cities of the IslandFir<r—That and pel- everysuggestiouofpatrlotlamclaaattODcaffingsoeea, lad also a prohibition limiting the numbermtCooliestobeintroducedintotheIslaad. The zatlan,SanBlaa,Acapulco,andherlongPa- scarcityofdisparityDecember hear of any member of Congress being an ef- and afterwards through the United States by way of icy favor conservative State action as a measura ofpersonally,Mexicanit, and taking the lead in insuring the ratifica-theare so slow toimpracticability,"of theany lack of ability and sluewdnessand graspingtheleading position amongCommon report says, and we are in- clined to believe with truth, that the treaty wouldlongsincehavebeenreportedtothereUglon mixht"n,inelndiBkRepublicans Presidency.a half centuries has been cursedheathenism combining the murderous and de-stmctive vices of the Thugs of India with the anow hands, placiag power, States.non-interference with Mexico and of with-the style of public speaking at an ordinary which find such public meeting for business, and that whichshould be-the officials, on whom the responsibility for From the same paper we learn that " the questionfer itself to be disregarded or ignored. Theprevails at the Capitol. When men get up to address audiences at Faneuil Hall or theLet these officials be salted down forour own domaia.hesitatioB in land.makingit apositivemueidxiveBrownsville. Fortunately(ULFOMB and Capt. Lmuno*, who had leftBniwBsviOe with their companies but a day are bound up with Mexico for weal or for wo, Police Statistics and the Snadar I<aws. two Is sure toeverybodyJtittj-tittobat this -feeling is deproea&d, as any ill- foundad Inflation would work mIseWrf. If tta mar- ket be left to itseU It will recover in the 8piins.batfJoiMd, composed mainly of the dislianded mem- Mexico under the operation of a Uberal tariff count of the sudden collapse in the " poli— cewas totally wreckedInst. Her caiie was mostly sarea, state. Her crew stKi passengersand burned tbe bulLTtie ship AtUaad, from Boston for New-Orleans,with a sargo of lee, was wrecked on the 2d Inst, onherIn limits,receivedand defend herself.Tha WB8 Sfeeslkm aw)o(Uy tevaied a«S2iJS^!L?°'""°"« "PProving of a Southern con- on thebutiD a weresaved,:^.ddr\-^'^aacondition with that of our relations with otherSpanish-American non-manufacturing States, far less populous than Mexico, less favorably situated for a prosperous intercourse with thewouldaccus-'S1»««ing the LegUkture to commu-Speaker,of tliis commerce as if to assure themselves and the people that printer: his constituentsgreatdid not^h^'^ttaOe with Bou.h Carolina on thewould see it, this is all he either cares or hopes for.andTbe Convention expieas. « iatsi esVnion, by aminx the South 'gauiBt ihnatldsn of tbe Ifoitli.dullest monUisof1Report be in some de-faovo for a newfor exampletrhil, WfiOe the Diitrlct Attorney factures of wood. This indastiy, almost con- most readily effected in Summer and to titis,members in recently restoringThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069some »f the re--We ventured to anticipate,S»^"comparisonof itspressntSpringstead of the paltry 17,000, gleaned upuer»a»l'^e "Pgenialdesks in " the were removed last session, that a reform was'Si JSSSSefn^ototf * ecBfcwWfy, to_di,s„lve but to preserve theThe Staiaa aad Tp.«Tal Saatward. )Bosns,Bandsy,Feb,wsre cou'^.e of thebowt^irtsenand takes te MaasaiD^nis wreckers had strippedpfersubject,developmentfor tbe Southern Conference.The,S^'-^'f'-PPi^u urged strong-had saved Her crew were also saved.and a secure trade. A few facts will show business," and fall back frosty seasonto send his manuscript direcflydamagedwith cheering.vast the must become, byCuba, whicli, wttttiai aa^lMof the M(population, takea •l,38«,676, tjOaiX dtOf Brsadstaw 432takenbyMezloo. SreaHajti,thaida 'Bonc.iWWever,wasa hermoretiaqaileondition,neartydoobleaIiUinfotffakdBbneas'I'lirers in lively demand. Mexican cnstomers, with 912,628 ofooriMW- lijin, (kiiflniDaiii to fbUtf per li^nt,) , —r^—. »eU*rs. Grocstieawereleas aettfab ifXh* Mvamants in ottisr branches of en wares ; and remote BraxU appears OB flB' pUkMsriqr of AM Dtq/titmmd oal/wvataiy 'tios flE W^^tlffflHS 4MHV-JBK -^bs ^VM* AnHtrade were not fer* extenslvs. The storm had hooka for 122,170. It is not eztimTBcaat »' tikes Ittio aeooant the supposed causes ofthe eotu er-«rlgfc(1i|>A y|idfat« ffaem on thethe efieet ^tCbseUng operations. There were »23 estimate the increase ef this traffic wtti deoiease ofoffimeea against property—amaant- &OOI oftimiSmSit <ilwaMilt of U is thatvesseb of att elassealn port.Again, fin tion is not so mnch in professional thieves" claiming to speak for staring us in the face : Hayti, tlU,olp ; "migrated," as in bruisers and ent-thToais>Mexico, under the McLane treaty, at 600^! lag to bat thirteen per cent? The flontna- tiie ««f^y|ff%'4DM)[ih jjialiiii In iiKili i1 intocent, wittiin a single twelremonth.On the arrival of the HcLane Mexican the article of rice, we find the following reopifl and " pick{iookets," who are sopposed to havetreaty,certainperaoasparty at once deaoanced th« Cabft, $649,848 ;FsrhBK h«v«nHVai»4» *» nonnal stats ——7—••>!* lanar ttaSe, bat IMk' W"**i4"*»*re snjsltTke HtoxlcaM Treatr 1b Coagresa.a stipulation of which strikes at the root of re-prove vastly prsatabia, countryl aeqtiiaititni of Savoy and Nice bj France Senate favorably, had not the Bepublican mem- yet our journals, secular and religions, oor week-day order, so as to have furaiahed atfkctaryA concorrent resolatkm paaaed bo«k knnam sf tts Legislature on the 27th, appotntlag • jaiat eeassriHssfor the iiussnlto receive proposals imi laMfii ofthaState capital from Sscramento to 8sa Asaeiaee er of Oakland.The steamer Padfie arrived on the IStk, wlkSie*~*1 appear, Dotwithatanding the tranquillizingea of Lord JOHjr Bdssiix, that the an- l>er8 of the Committee held back on aassociations and c<Mnbinations, social,ingratitude,political least a probable or proximate cause for obvious libations as an intolerable nuisance,ia Uketr to be speedily efi^ted. The fessed doubt as to whether were theyStates, effects, alike creditable to the Department and cost a coat of varnish to' ridepro- treating in Mexico, and on tbe singular belief that the ratification of theorreligious, throughoutall these Unitedmaldug^twithrealany governmentgrateful to good citizens.town in a astreetonfootTliat treaty speaks for itself; itsandWinter themselves combined. this Tliroughofimagination any disposedfirom a useful is converted into a oliannei ofhold a seat in the United Statespeopleenjoy.Senate, ought to know that in treaties with the Con-edcl&ring that iidnen In qoieksflver koU tts •latloss to the Government as Qse gold mlnen da, aadtreatingabout Tuscan and Romanstipulations,packer's cellar,plantingimportantthemaking atmospherethem tbefirst token of sympathy to those brave, self- sacrificing patriots who are endeavoring tothoroughfare,they should fail to comprehend the moral bear- mud, which divides eastern New-York from on the 34th, with a large nundier of pssssBcen, aftergiveslightestattention, or offer thethe classic land of Italy, whosefar liigher privileges of education and libertyphetic vision it claimed, classic mythologywould Iiave had no river and no tioatman StyxCharon. Broadway, with ragged sweepersDXCISIOK(UpB.than thepoorpoliticiansbywhoseagencycrime ispreventedandprayingforoSbliatthscrossings,wouldhave onthatgroundaskingCongressto flieleaio- procurebut not one word is heard in behalf"of freedom inMexico.quentlyliberty,This Mexican question is eliciting some very curious features in American poli-masaing troops on the frontier. In theQttfii Duchy of Baden much excitement prevailedfa antagODiam to the recent concordat. Of the successffire Coaunlsaioners appointed by the Diet to ezam-faalKioatnunent, four are known and one is be-bared to be opposed to the treaty. The later ad- the United States and the Christian world, and the purest philanthropy and are the political wisdom by tbe hundred weighf gratis fires, and the privilege of carrying arms etispidlTknow is the only one sure to prove eventually —ul, and obtain supreme control of thethe desks which were discarded last session. ^Vhenreal advantage residence in the City possessesaie of merely commercial interest.The fabrication of dispatches designed to defeatable to write their correspondence in theirnight for protection against ruffians. People are usually supposed to congregate is a city vn account of the increased facilities of communi' cation and security which municipal life is supposed to afford. But it is a matter of se- rious doubt whether, in the country, merchants residing several miles apart cannot communi-cisco Herald the following remarks:theMexicanTreatyis prosecutedwithmaladroitetivtty. From New-Orleans we now are toldtint vera Cruz mails to the 10th proximo have name and position of an AmericaB statesman been received, through what agency it is notstated, and that they contain confirmation of thegoing frankingcreatingtitles tbe throoghoatwithout the moraleign element, it may yet be obliged to struggle for years and to wade through rivers of bloodof tbe of deprived right sendingdeed, it beheavierimpairto its final victory.Any man who covets thesitintheHouse. Theever the news of victory to the Liberals in privilege may have made desks a necessityoughtto know that if the Liberal party of Mex-Mexico reaches tills country, and devote them-ofmembers are-riees we receive from Australia, India and Brazil without the honest infusion of a healthy for- most clamorous for the largest freedom. These' through the Post-office, they will probably becountry althoughsupportwhich to themselves arrogatemining Interests throughout the State.The decision of Judge HcAxustaa in the DistrictConrt, upon the Mine Case, elicits from the Ban Fran-tics and journalsreligion, especiallyfrom those;taxes, morebusiness of the andenergies country, thethe very nar- rowest views of Stats policy, and at the present" is tojournalsare foremost intakingTbe effectprejudicial upon miningour mining InieieA, bytime they are fairly howling with rage when- ontheyto fabricat- edstatementsaboutthedoingsandthepower promoterslapnlse would not be effectn^ without the suc- suddenly flashed upon the minds of all thinking esaawaspromptlyfollowedup.Col.Fobdimme-diatsW conveyed his troops to the Mexican side of men in American public life. This necessity isthe Bio Grande. A sharp conflict ensued. The one of the powerful influences under which we Department given to the public last week, the orator who addresses an ordinary popular here—TBI Aitirr iw icoBOCce bhifwbxces.as follows : Candles weaker. Coal, drooping. Cof- fee, lower, Ris aelUng at 14Hc. ProvisioDS are trm-j retreated to a fort which they had thrownyesterday, havliig bar.been detainedoutside Brandies are and DooMStlc lim. Raw by fsg active, SpiiuiJaBOaty 28 lias Iteen received. A movement, wlUi no yrobaWlities of success, was on foot for tba tnnsisr of tlie seat of State Government to Ban Fnndsco. The proposition convtilsed Sacra-ven- vented. Of this" be spouter's" powers maypledgtag This morning it was aAnoaaeedobligingCrushed has drooped back to UJte- and powers Refinersto12Vc QuiteaeompetttloaamongbsUenmore dangeroas than thatortiJailingoff vincingthem. Thepublicmeetingis, inshort,clockthismorjlng,withoutannouncingor political partysafelydecrease,noture to take the responsibilitySuperintendentprettyto the nominee.that tbe vote was notpending to take the vote again. The Conveation Ispoliticianportcounted, and a motion Is bor : up to that time they would be admitted on toler- now quarreling about the method of callbv tbs roUthat when The trial of W. J. hun, Jr., for the p„i,„„ United States, and less likely to maintain such gree attributable to tiie fact of tiie nugraUon of bore attempted a windy harangue, theythe disunion" Thistend in tiieh- pUces to Usfen, andat Havana was dull.waatraveL Tbe S P. M.day, arrived at S:y> this motalag. The Ray BfttBank fraud In the Orer and Terminer, w„ eonch, to tiiedad on Saturday. The Jury rsturneci aVeXt "f an intercourse in a noimal condition of things. many professional tiiievesOailty. Els counsel gave notice that he shouw Take the branch of our manu- that certain' crimes, as pickisg pockets, are for tiie rules of Uie House, dispUyed by'flielast tws shMN^ ari^ then tanrried throng^ »«<» tba seat at ""'Mexico, $14,082. In the and tbe products of the rum-shops generally. of IsiialMrii.kite.; nlitiMcWBiy.aeeds meaaure in true partisan style, and the imprea- article of soap, Hayti, otir largest cn»- So that the trijr does hot tally with the what too probaUa «! MSifng lik» a^NHie* •4-th«sion went abroad that as the Bepablioans had tomer, perhaps In the hope of washing handf of this matter.Republican•;.^?P?>P»*Ml»g fet ths sfscttaa irfaM A i^-.u., nMrnrr rnm^mA«wn ^s J»X. CSAPAtt, SB eitaMh, stWanfficient strength to defeat the treaty in the Senate, on a two-thlrda rota, its noa-ratifica- tion, asamatterofcourse,wasconaidered certain.Bnt there is broader$14,417. In the immense and important floiir question tm reasoning of the Department troyecsy rages. Members oC Osagnas aaewhite, takes from tm $218,188for calling hi heard in«»«•eoi- rT???TM?« hwubsd sMl!Mexico, oidytradeofthecountrywefindforBrazil,$3,527,- Thefactsofptevloasyeaisdonotswstsinthe newnobetterllMiptpesofpA^.. iSmfgotonawasawae PUeeeniu ^.,1 .»« t.w.Mexico, $184,228.theory fiiat'HiCIJMnMtUk eoinpI*t« Digest of AnwrlCMiBTeiiti of the Tariooa elements of opposition to tba times as much, and to far-away Chili tkiee lice bosiness," WehaTenottheMstalMiQS main ttiose -Mte flstea, deMfing ia ttfi OM*weSSKEitotaB«oi»d'»ln««»P**fcrtalgit, treatywhichqipeaitobeatirriiigonevery timeaasmuchastoMexico.Ofourhamw oftheMetropoUtanPoliceBoardathand tolatWaaUn|t<|Kttien pramm&nufactnres,Tiaoed.Iffie «)«eot ef daUfi^ be 4o pet-of wMsk lailwiij;gronndmads&a pIsTfewhen it says, '* it is noticeable that the ,opeBtooavfk!tk«ofsoy sort; and we know AtUtsvaliMexico,onlywfir •neat^werenniformlymuchmorenomeroos ofaoneMatriUagiUuatntiattoftheCusOity '.^cJlMalakeo^r.As«>tairlUnadl>tlMirad««whatitintendstodointhematter.Weun-878.Thesefigurestelltheirownstory.tkOfTakingtherecordofarrestsfortheTuesdaystheaiAitttieehasdisae^wed,thanthene- OovemorWsllarhasIp]nbUAsdalejtttjij^lli^^l^.gi^''iM' Ibn doM* * <^ PoM-oAm »t I o'eloek.;Chili, $68,298;UagtheeleSBCeriwhich nil for Aipiawkll at S P. X. treaty is rapidly asanred. beeorainf$279,897091. Of our iron mannfactures, Cuba tlluB Ifl^Kt^indag tiian on Sundaj/, when a consid- wtOk wMd^poOtleal forms may be kept up. ee* of taSc, ea tta$2,068,411 ; Peru, $249,485 ; Mexico, onlylBl,- erate numtier of Hqnor shops were closed." eraa toAflvronsawnt Bke ear own, leag after taaiivelrai^ed,ws»ln nil nils! isaH.-nmoflkepaiMr, IsaMoat wn])per, rtady formiil-We do noj know, of coarse, what the Sen- ate Committee on Foreign Affi^rs lias done, orwould certainlythe and 8,000,000 souls a country which for three and cent, more on Sunday than on other days.treatyonenumber of of liquor shopsbytheparty journalsaby practicalhave beensome of our streets saltingbefore the Senate of Uis UnitedThe stories relative to the intended move- in Washington, partiallyto the hope that ituse or salt if we could would preserve the City from fur-ments adverse to the Liberals,universal currency, should not be allowed oneparticle of Influence or weight against the rati-fication of tbe McLane treaty in Congress. Cooper Institute, theyThere ought not to be one moment's further'well,joke well, theyvery pathetic, simply long-winded,forwisereformineriminaijurisprudeneeand again.For the sake of hispresentcom-er. ClearPorksellsat$18forbarial*and$»Mas well asThese facts seem to show," says the Re- ever,with the creases hi Winteras aWinter eveningsInto theG/oJe,and for no other reason^favors»tilp Umtm, of tUs port, bound to New-Orleans, cific coast. Manufacturers and traders moat and January are generally the dullest months fective speaker, or producing Impression Charleston.,,5d.lMen east away on Gingerbread Shoals on theand the AtUind, bom Boston, was, on thein the police business."This is the"There liaveupon the House. TheelephantsHousedoesnotconcern steamerfromNew-Orleana,IntoeorderforChamsi's" shouldrespondfavorablytotheinvitationSd «aiwIt writes listens nor de- bates. In fact, it would be an enormous lic want to know is, tcht/ the criminals have saving of the time of the Legislature;;tonofevery description,pumps, farming implements, harnesses, trunks,philosophy,"vengeance!wrecked on little Isaacs. The crews oflH>(h Teaads wsie saved.goodskinds, boots, shoes, iron,but neitherda;,a quarter, becauseandwouldfor some time to come. TILXaiAFH.lwening passed a resolution of fidelity to any nom-steamer arrived hereination thatmightbemadeor if each member were allowed, on giving notice to thetheUnionauthority, she would seise j/nrgat^ mtlh-see thatinductiveof South Carolina, the of Commis- by appointmentsioners to a united Southern Conference.After the mass meeting adjourned, a crowd wallsdbut If she were not protectaAb^ Feistalcot- toolssteam-engiBes,macbinery, " ofdescriptions, books, flour, beef,joatned. A mass meeting was subsequently or- and merchandise must be rapidly called for by to think the apologetic stj-Ie called for on ac- were dispensedfrom thereW ye ars, one would suppose the elephant-large quantities of calicos,of alland, In Cuba fornot having been an elephantWhatat Charleston, aind ad- pork, lard, and a great variety of other wares been scarce." The Police authorities seem if the stupid formalityon Gen. Staakz, CommissionerVirginia, who arrived yesterday.said Mississippi wanted the Conference for the (Tsdon andnotfordisunion. TheSouthwouldnstgooatofThe Viigfada Democratic Convention, after a se-'vete stniggla, agreed in diasent, and on Saturday lumber of allthe scarcity!the pub-requiredlargestretch of thesurprising act of the purest disinterestedness.essay-readinggradually in both Houses ofor sublime. Ifor beinsistuponrepeating3uiet. isevinced IspostUcHiafewpermitting" that crime decreases rather tiian in- the Globe, to be read by ills constituents In theMatanzas Tuesday morning last. The opera at theTacon theatre had been well attended. Miss A niT.tmiPaiuiTS receiving a benefit on the 14th Inst., the re- the Charleston Convention.ceipts of which were eaiOOO. She also drew a prize After the adjournment a mam meeting was hsld,criminals, aaNovember, an Apairofwltii a been 7,000 less criminalsitself letters"of delivering speechesto theThe Inst.,Habana,from to-day."the same sentiment,and in order to get it;that the cause of this"is thein ofcriminals "votes,rage terribly CBTfrom MlsdSitppl to In his speeek h»return to us our tomed 24,000 cut-throats and pickpockets, in-any onePresidency.proceeds:>Bnslnei'sSugar"Thus thetiiat about to take place,—LittleItaacs. Thewreckers and sails.herriggingat1«. The snow and sleet tUana. incommodss raiboadWinter may, perhaps,jSouUi,reached Fall River at T o'eloek this moraiafaad,Untitled Documentwiiich haslittle less prejudice to their health than those in the city who are separated by half a dozen mud canals like Broadway^ We should notor without wit, humor, logic,either ortilings—the audienceolate,House with a preliminary reading.Werarelytlois, and the following resolutions adopted:hadarrived securllvforconstitutionalStaterights.per SfcOTk—That the General AssemblT °oftt^he's'tKat^em the least about bis sayings.Circus ine feverwithaltogether,;and hhn down wlOi emphasU. The contempt put some000 at the corresponding period last year.Exchange on London waslSH V cent, preml- bet Tba"'bnt will doabOess a we take snch data as the report before as em- TBinJabor. Ma nan there eren protends to bethanOur ground of amazement is, 4hattheseedsofmore the24th.—of their own the clue tofrompolicyfor the futureandplacedoings ignorea voyage ThedaysEngland.Navifatfam CekipaaTneceasaiy iafnnsBCBtsingstheir truethe brow of " Winter " the civic crown won bySeats andto see whether the franking privilege will beInThe House of Representatives should waitabolifhed or not, beforerestoringrooms, and be^ble to listen to what isa doubtState, and a great deal of feeling haa been manlUnslcd by miners on the subject. Santa Clara is not the only sufferer, although several hundreds of her ctti- cens have been deprived 01 tbeir means of support by the Injunction, and a clog put upon her prospedty. for the whole £>t&te is aifected. An enormous amount of capital Is forced to remain wholly idle and ducUve, still further distressing the money market, already too straitened for our requirements. Largeof are also bermeticaily aealed quantities quicksilverup for the use of our miners, althooah new mizws ofthat metal have been discovered, anaprova valaabls,the of from those of Mew-Alma- yet steppage supplyCen has resulted in the greatly increaaed value of that article, so indispensable for the proeecotiOB of mining. Agrievoustaxisthusimposeduponttoaewhilebut their leads to a presence unquestionablyhappenFrom Havana.;sfa mefA#. M^*Congress.;The statistics of crime are higlily instruc- will stamp them down, or the getters up of TBI ns SOTO AKn qraeu cut at this pokt—thi shipments from New-York must be kept mtnarate tofor Mesa,$I«SSand$8SO. Bacon.lle.«ItMc. philanthropic from New-Orleans, via Havana, on the 14th, arrived Butter and Laid and Hams are nadaamd. Ftanehcrime the duringquarter endingIrrepressible con- for the quarter ending Nov. 1the vote on the resoluUon that it is Inexpedient to declare a partleolar CaptalB-General for man for President, but sup-canof thwarting athecent, to *' offencesagaiastmento. The Legislature had decldad to petition to avert evils of such magnitude. This is an- fenoes and those against the public peace." American orator, famed as he is lor his flu-forward in season£ir renewed facilities in the way of ocean steam- other of the powerful influences under which Such, ia brief, are the facts: and they are ency and readiness, becomes quite anothertheCongress not only for a daily overland mail, butalso to not interfere with the interest of those who had con- tracted for their Importation during the present year,andpointsmeasureframed andbroughtproperty,"r'pmc,those to arrive) to test that kind of la-assigns13perand 30 per cent, to " personal of-ascertained.In Congress, under the deskemigrants into theyetof order.RiCHHora, Satoiday, Feb, IS—S F. H.ani- man a writing-and reliable explanation. I«t us table before liim, and the Post-office behind,look at the logic ttiat is applied to the statisticsupon its wahavedatestoJan. andfromBritish tothemassesofourpeople. Com- ofpreventingance, aa they had beenfor some timepast;ers. Congressisalsotobepetitionedforthere- aMTTsl of the injunctions upon the working of theJUm Almaden quicksilver mines. Thethatthetreatywillberatified. cheeringandimportantenoughtoclaiman mal.Hisaudience,havingeveryThoConventlo'h,amidmuchnoisesad-irsfs^"-. at Madrid to and without arriving at any saUafactory eoaotulOB, has until 4 P. M. Possibly ttis evu-proposi- session in denouncedfor them, and he knows so well they do not care,we thinkThe commercial advantages to be derived intelligenta straw what fare hethat he now provides nothing palatableand to give time for the Government further consider the matter.effort. The facts of the Police fort, as well as his future reputation, The Steamship De Sato, Capt. J. D. Bciloch, halves;miuerillassgme ^stancenaotoseodtothesteamerforartillery. CoB- ratified.has was finally obliged to return to the Ameri- It should now be evident to any mind of serve study in the light of a profounder philo- who are present. They are there to be either the 1Mb, arrived here last evanlsg. of Coffee sprang ap on the irm, and sound Klo ad- can side of the river, and at last accounts was common intelligence, and acquainted with the than seems to have dawned on the of- amused, or convinced, or excited, and while The ateamshlp Empire Citf had left Havana (or vanced to 18e., and 5S0 bags of extra Java sold at tUrtymilea above Brownsville. He had robbed sophytkaaialliider from Bio Grande of all the monev state of the case, that if we do not treat with ficial heads of that department.lie bad in his possession, and aa there were stillttrae hnodrea men under his conmuind, thereynn ftan that he might renew the outrages heWiWfcn comikitted.upthe river,Col.tliinka remarkable diminution of arrests for assemblage is compelled to employit sure that the Mexicantreatymust beall his showing tbeSugars are Inactive, but higher prleas sie aaked byboon he pleases to confer upon them, they in- sectional issues will arise in the future, even for the last quarter was 16,842, against 23,971 sist upon his either amusing, exciting or con-Mexico on the basis of the proposed treaty, It appears that the total number of arrestsas the De Sou,The health of the city reatalned good."Syft«0««rtandl(ail, news from California te flict" which is now convulsing our politics, and of 7,028, equal to 43 per cent, of crime pre- a barometer by which the extent of every The had also issued an order on;Morocco.accurately the lOth inst., slopping the importatioa of Chinese preference anyFeb.1,de- inkeepinguptheattentionofthose TheQuakerCity,Capt.SHuraiST,firomHavana,on holders:they are perfectly ready to accept whatever New-York via Nassau, entered port at the same timeThe Ttrslnla Democratic State Caaveatlaa. RlCHXOirD, Saturday, Feb. 18.do not carejust adjournedsome harmonious result will be effected.the the same day in the Havana Lottery for $(,000. A cranpoied principally of the members of ths Ceavaa-objectpresentther corruption;but to effect this object it not to the streets, but toIn getting out the precioai metals, wklek has had the effect of cutting down their emoluments,Cohfresa ft lonf aa^M'jBbnnyThe remarkableper cent, of crime has been prtvented in a sin- Congress, he conld, by any possibiUty, 6% Some ski Ilfiilda^asnseeaeipeaMltiM r^ wtckBut these influences are all simply political gle quarter, remains to be accounted for by brooght, through the eloquence and the logic the paipoae of ftamlablac JifieunsandcommerciaL Otherconsiderationsremainliberty in Mexico. The Congress of the United the Geseral Superintendent seems to suggest and left to Tegetate in nniraitfal honesty under *c, after plans desltarBit by iHewould betterdesigasdforAeAmadesnmarket,iteakfeet beingtogetthesdvsslsgsofJspsasseiklH la aia- with tbe struggling cause of Christianity and accounted for f We think it can. One fact ef be quietiy put aside at the end of the session, cntionfarthe msaafutare ofaiMss of hfaHars.Duringquarter theycoach and carof others, to see any subject in a new light, tists with Bwdsls after wUeb to 1after—Salt la ths Stbskts. ^To a stranger whotwirUy-fivi per tias heard of New-Yorkpoliticai and social corruption, the gratnitonscoach,over residence in the countryunless, in- incendiaryteslOperaCompany,"applied,onlytiie and a suit of clothes to cross;and silver remainour present wretched condition really rests. has again reverted to the Immediate consideration ofthe United States and it is eainest- Attorney-General,ly hoped that he will consent to a dissolution of the injunction, If not altogether witbdraw the suit."BAIT rKASCISCO MABEIT8.The market contlnnes rather inactive, thoogk notMovements are watched with Interest, aod aexporta- inaugurate a subscription for supplying their places with rural reeves who can be warranted ofNew- Orleans. The Gunard steamer Karnai, from leXc Other articles are unchanged.The tain-General had Issued a proclamation calling forvolunteers for the Spanish army againstisland after ihe 3I»t of December next, giving as a reason that a sufficient number hadarrivej/»lthNiw-OauAss, Saturday, Feb. 18.Havana ou the 15thThe • New-Vork ship I7num,from forthe FederalNew-Orleans OSagerbread Shoals on the 2dsteady 9Mc.«St(e. The stock was 40,000 bozea, against 60,-'^mn from New-York, TartarUB, and on New-York SJf • o^f, rrelfhts were dBlh|passaag«r^naei>sd Boston at 12:90. (enbyfhs2f«m^ beat wtu cams 1hi«a|h tCap-The Convention broke up in a row at about 3 o'-,''"*byia BsnFianelmu Is la sae- when we complain of these hriny taming out crae hundred aad Sfty blaakab daSy.proprie-of a aewcomawrdal operattoaa.lead totroabie ami IMirfor the valuesofgoldliachanged."of S30British Colambia Steambr«OT TBS KZW-AULADSB XCn Aresolation has been tntrodneed iattie"botfcRiOBHOics, Sunday,<i www.fultonhistory.com-.•3» 