 •1inwolvisg some million or more of dollars, and India is!a-.df. In Trinidad tbe weather wa* very gt'dnfortes of th« constitution. Douglas ana tbey unfortunately showed that the whigs, asdiPBceforaquarterefan how, andshook hand* with scores or th e first la the toad Bis eye, ctesiseemed to lake to every thing, aad ose and *Hhuu tbe ftofttott representativeofeneach ef the Isthe ofthe] Bandfct,\\ U)RK HERALD. favorable for sugar making. The lateness *f tee Davis both, by Handing in the path of tbe pocrop, however, has bad a very depressing effect pularrevrlutlon aga«a»t the destructive the© well as the democrats, were mixed up withTbe chtof Prince was arrayed to ark* silk eaofc, wtthuowuersoftheearns eelsr. Tn>J A M k-XI *•rz+MA — • r •rG U I I D O I B B W W K T T , optn bubiness. Cocoa was coming i i mare freely nee of tbe black republic** leader?, are blind them and were partiee to the iniquity, so that i; .. i \ u J'R'KiUKfuft. Governor Keate, who h a s made himself extremely to tbe mighty movement that is now beginning, tbe investigations were very unprofitable to allBut the bsstto sad sssisjssea atimany exclaimed,« Here come the Japanese." It w a s a were to green, of ataauar textureH&Y*.XT%:R>:h OFKH'iU AND FCLTOH 8Td. unpopular, was about t o depart, aad preparations and ignorant of i«» powr and tendencies, as eidt-p. Then there were the numerous grants of weremakingtocelebratetbeeventbya gaueral• trewa €ACiDHIorB0UO.HiBU>"» OaJUMW. Bmul««7.-t4VVSTlLOI PUIM«tt<»srWT THaHvsi *»»srv-ttaacsajrt e r Varies- * ITAH—LOSBLV Mi) or TBS OO«A».virro OAHOKI«, Broadway. J U » C 0 1 * A J » » " » tyAi.itr.K-a rglmTB*. Broadway.-OvsstasB ROOTS.ignominiousAa Oreratght im Manage rial Caleula- investigating committees now sitting are stillU 0 S Afaisoa—*n Arr»ia or fl^aon.Ml*T1KJ SOBIBBTBELB. Hall, *71 Broadway— BcaxaMtsa*. BO*oa, DA»CM * f e - T * B &TEAJH.I*.ffiatAVB SAUJOB. BmaOwar-Gao. CeBHTTS H a - Srb.kiSi*BO»«* iiancs* BO.-HT.TOS Lovss.as early as usual. Another fortnight could, pointed in getting the printing, and Forney do-troupes,oratalleventsbyoneofthem. With menwhogetupalltheschemesofplunder thanonehalfofthosepresentarenotawhitwiser,be-facing to the westSecretory Case retired to the ante room,sadwiththeJapanesfCommissionersandtheirt who made several profound bows s s they i President aad CabinetThenoneoftheJapaneseopenedaseriesof boxes,onewithinanother,and produced severalletter-., which were handed to the President, and by Ban to General Case.Tbe principal Japanese then addressed the rYatideat as follows:—ADD&BM or ran 'arainsn. HisMajestytheTycom b«acommandedusthatwere-spectfully express to his Majesty tbe President of the United Slates, la b * name, as follows —('•)**«* a l TTKATCKNTa 8TBBBT AMD A VKlC*. -i"*-jr«i»iA MA»AO«»I».FOOBTHmesssoldat$1700a$18,andnewprima,at $1362V^a 13 75. Sugars were active, with a speculative feelicg, while prices were firmer. Tbe sales embrace! abouttheseasontoaclose. Theyaredoingagood ingsofthelastAlbanyLegislature,wherebothwasexpectancyanddisappointment. TheJapanesewere in no hurry to entsr, and completed their preparations with the greatest deliberation. In the meantime, theNtn Ye»rfc,rtW»?i M*»IB,I860.The B«WI. TheChicajroConventionyesterday,afteranani-business, notwithstanding it is divided, and partus combined in every scheme of plunder 1,(CO a 1,700 bdds , 471 d o mo'a !o do., and 233 boxes, would do a better for two or three weeks to and corruption. #Dtsiring to establish on a first and lasting feendattss limited furniture o f the East Room was seized, and used the relatioos o l peace and commerce s o happtty eahttajthe latter a New York newspaper correspondent— recommending that the testimony be printed, andthe wealth and importance of the nation whichOUE SPECIAL WASHINGTON DESPATCH. W ASHINGTON, l i a j 1 7 , 1 8 6 0a.4 I«M*»«I at mftwr^tinwthat by empty discussions in the French States General they could guide the impending revo- lution of that day. Mow, aa then, the people arebentonhigherandgreaterthingsthanthe tbediscufesion ofhair-splitting theories whiobtransactions which considerably soiled the whether or not mutual intercourse with their Ori linen of them all. The black republicans, who eatal peers would n o t atimulate them to renewedarebuttbesuccessorsoftheoldwhigs,andexettiess ThelostRoomattalepointgaveofaress wtth triangular crowns, also tied to the bead byunder the onto. Tbeprominentpotatowereeoouptsdby*»wtog theesto the Prsetouufs |H»».L«,rAJUl-TB**ain,eBdto<*•rare the VowTerk]hither to tavito the Japanese to vast,wheV s l^ T M VAjicjuAHiMta THIS BYunva.• - « *by fire since the 1st of January, 1869. It appears do so. It is not now a time for men toask Greeley's breeches pocket became the con- his neighbor's hat continually closed bis wide stretched that sixteen of that class of vessels have been eachotherwhattheythoughtin1850,ordidIn venient depository; and Thuriow Weed's eyes. Eventhe todies, theprivilegedclassof ourrepub-ContrarytoUM a largehersof positions.IEMr«THBATB«.»»rO»dW»y.-I«TMMlN1W BOWattT, BwWT.-Iwa « " » B>c*n Do»si»-0»AJN»riT**» WaiisasaD.CO*X»t-rather lower. Extra brands, ttaoufb somevnat irregular, werewithoutchangeofImportance, southernflourwas in large supply, and tbe market was somewhat irregular,1cause neither tbe Japanese n o r t h e President could b e< w i tITALIA* O T BBut attention was directed irons these petty aanoyaneesby the entrance of tbe President o f the United States, ae-oompanled by the Cabinet, and t b e determined efforts o fMr. Oommistioner Blake to move back the crowd, a n dform aa open one o f the army and navy officers, throughwhich t b e Japanese could approach t b e Chief Magis-trate or all the States of the Union. Bydint of much pushing and a little coaxing, sufflslentspace was cleared, and the arrangement w e e perfected.This did not prevent conversation, however , and a charm-ing young innocent softly inquired whether o r n o t t b e Cabinet effkers. They took a position o n th e east alas, Japanese would crawl in on their knees, after the Easterni; ami nation. A l o t o ' Chines* immigrant* - 3 7 7 ina<l-of wbow56 were women, had arrived at De-marara,tothegreat joyof thecolonists. In D«>-minioa,smallpoxwasfearedfromanAmericanbarkwhichhadputintherewithonecueoaboard. There was aovaccine ljmph in theisland,and the people wete consequently very muoh touch notthepractical evil oftbe times. They alarmed. wi*b to meet the impending dangers of blackWegive in ourshippingnewscolumn alistof republicanrule,andifoldleaderswillnotlead vessels laden with cotton that have been destroyed tbtm in the fight, new leaders will be found tolighta.aitheclose8d.wasaskedforwheatinship'sbags.For mated disciHL-ion, admitted the delegates from the o her engagements we refer to another column.address of theAmbassadors to the President, andi>ai-er.dead past, and not of the living present and cation of tbeir curiosity until the arrival of thebales, iaeludtBC 400 in transitu. T o e market oiosel firm, gretted, seeing that the continued coldness o fTbe folding doors were opened at noon, when the Pre aident e f t b e United States entered, accomnaaM aT taeat rates given elsewhere. Coffee w a s quiet. Grain come, if they had only patience to bide their freights to Liverpool were firmer. Wheat was taken chances like other folks.between the two countries.In bulk at 7)£d., and corn in ship's bags at 7,^1, andtheir positions against the wall, and converted into plat-N>w he has oraered us to exchange the ratincaties ef thetreatytoyourprincipalcityofwashttgtos.Henceiorth b e bopes that the friendly rtiauons shall at held more ana more lasting, aad will b e very happy i t haveyourfriendlyfeeling.Tbat you have brought us to the United 8totse, sal will send us back to Japan, to your man-of-war.Having delivered their message, they retired, borsg to the President and Cabinet repeatedly o n leaving their pretence, Tbeytoon, however, returned,bowingpro-I)mlerslave8tates,adoptedarulewherebyamaj ,tity vote shall nominate candidates, and adopted Old AbatnctlwBMsvmd tlie Stw Issue—Tue now turned to a most profitable accountofthePostOfficeDepartmentacorrespondence which took place ten or twelve years ago, be-.LdaSenatorinthismanner. Eventhemarble slabs under the mirrors were not overlooked, and one pretty young lacy rendered herself conspicuous b y setting her-B platform embracing all th e stereotyped politicaldo^uiA* o f t h e republican party, including a pro-tective tarifTaid theHouse Homestead bill. Thebilloting for candidates will commence to-day. lic men believed they could meet the crisis of Be*ard'B chances appear t o b e brightening.the nation by the diBCussion of past evils and The Japanese Embassy w a s yesterday formally present palliatives, and few saw, while noneImmediately there succeeded loud talking a n d a l.ttie storm of hisses. SUeJice ensued, but nothingcouldbe heard, andthose in therearamused '.bemselves b y calling attention to tbe continue! efforts of all the little men t o lock over tbe h»*ds o f t h e crowd b yfollows, Mr. Portmaa interpreting t o t h e Japanese later- pretor, and tbe latter communicating with the principal envoy:—RXPLT Or THK rSBBOTST.I give you a cordial welcome a s representatives of ahpresented to the President, the members of the Cabinet, members o f Congress, and officers o f t h e army and nivy. T h e ceremony took place in th e Ea-iRoomoftbeWhileHouse,whichwascrowdedjust springing into life. Soitistodaywithourownpoliticalleadersof times but a dull place, and most of the Grand Gala Day at the Na-:tw.diiig on tlploe Still there was very general good hu Imperial Majesty tbe Tycoon of Japan to the Amenoaalawpeiadlstgt K.*rotation.When Louis XVI. convoked the States Gene- ralofFrancein1739,theoldleadersandpub-with strangers than it has ever before been at thisseasonoftheyear. Greatashasbeentbe sensation created by the arrival of the Japanese princes atWashington, itisnothing compared totbeexcitementthatwillbecreated bytheircomprehended, the mighty revolution that was visit to New York. Washington is at the bestPostmaster of this city, and the Auditors in Washington. Just now it is curious.THE JAPANESE.But1amforgettingtheeatranaeof theJapanese, withall the custonary forms of homage or their own country. foundly ae before, ween tbe President addressed thensswithspectators,includingastrongforceofladies. aridpublicmen.ThediscussionbetweenMr.A graphic account o f t h e afJiir, together with t h e Douglas and Mr. Davis is a discussion of the visit limited to that city, will defer the gratidtionalCapital.moronthepartof those whocouldn't Boeorhear;butctveral ofthe disappointed declared that they had beensold, ard it wouldn't pay to look at the Japanese. A por- that ibis will b e t h e harbinger o f penwtual peaee aadishistoricallycorrec1;asfarashegoes.The ideaofsquattersovereigntywasheldbyGen. Cass and many others, ia different forms and degrees, in the past, but it was always an ab- straction, and was buried by the giants among tbeoldstatesmenwhentheymadethecompactofan txecutive se.^ion and then adjourned. In the and far higher aad more practical principles, exciting period of their Btay in this coun-treaty,andUicJapanesebetrayedbytheirexpressive countenances how pleased they were, one of the disap- pointedfewsailthat"rat"wasthe.oniything thatwasIn Congress yesterday the Striate took up the reflations of Mr. Davis relative to the protection of -lavery in the Territories, and Mr. Davis resumed his speech in reply to Senator Douglas on the sub-can kill two birds with o n e stone. They will seethemetropolis attheseasonoftheyear when it is best worth seeing, more pirticulariy since the Central Park has been adaed to its at- tractions, and they will have an opportunity of followingup themovementsof ourJapaneseBrave Menat the White House. CeremoniousReceptionoftheEmbassybythe WhoeverheardoftheJapaneseeatingrats?faithfulandfriendly spirit, soastosecuretobothcoat tries all the advantages tbey m a y justly expect (ran the happy auspices under which i t h a s been negotiate! andratified. Irejoicethatyouarepleasedwtththektad treaimect which you have received on board of our v o l eels of war whilst on your passage to this country. Ton tbailbesentbackIn thesame Banner to your natirtje-u of squa ter sovereingty and the divisions ofthe democratic party. Mr.Douglasrejoined,butwithout concluding his remarks, the Senate held 1850. That compromise was settled on otherFmiiltiHand Officers ofState.heped that the Japanese cooks will reply.These remarks were continued at random, andproHouse theCommitteeonElectionsreported andsquattersovereigntywasburied,withallB resolution, which was adopted, that thetry. There is nothing in WashingtonReplyoftbePresident*Amusing Scenes, Incidents a n d Anecdotes,tbeCharlestonConvention;butadelegatecorrectedhim by faying that there were mare ladles in the Institute a t Charleston than there were in t b e East Room. Outside the door the crowd had token poeseeeion of the staircaseleading to the President's private office, and the hall con- tained quite a number who had become tired of bearing and seeing nothing, and had come out to Inspect the batons, or emblems o f rack, which a sturdy Japanese, with two swords at hie side, carried before each of the carrtogee. On looking out of a window I observed t h e Marine Band, t h e marines a n d the ordnance m en, with their arms and in 8truments stocked, andstanding at their ease. The ordnance men seemed very well content with their part in the parade, having just dined a t the White House with the servants, for it should be borne in mind that whilst the President was entertaining the Japanese ia the East Room, the ordnance m en were dined In the servants'may be prolonged, so aa to enable you to visit the diffe- rentporittnsofourcountry,weihallbehappytoex tenc to you all the hospitality and kindness evidently due to tbe great and friendly sovereign whom you so worthilyrepresentThe President hesded them a copy o f hi? address, aad then shook hands with them.The subordinate Japanese officer! were also brought ia and introduced.Captain Dupont was prominent in this par} o f the cere mony.The Cabinet officera were presented to tbe following order:—Mr. Cobb, Mr. Floyd, Mr. Toaosy, Mr. Thompeoa, Mr Holt. Mr. Black, a n d their relative ofS^tal pjemoai briefly explained.Lieutenant General Scott wae next introduced, and tbey warmly greeted him, being evidently delighted with nil fine, commanding appearance, and in view of his pebat position.General Cass asked for Vice President Breckinridge, It Introduce him, but h e was absent.Speaker Pennington, a a Speaker o f t h e House, was next introduced to tbe distinguished visitersThe Japanese again repeated their profound bows, what the Imprerarve scene closed.Generaltroweers, "that they would look better with hoops"The crowd slowly dispersed.The Japanese returned to their hotel tn the same order to which they went to t h e President's house, evidently delightedwiththeImposingproceedings.It should b e to the above stated that t h e Japanese did cot present a uniform appearance to their costume, whisk differed according to their respective ranks or positions.Among other army officers present were Ucu«saat General Scott; Generals Totten, Jeiup, Churchill aad Johnson;Colonels Roberts, Thomas, Cook, Cralge, ChOds, Taylor: Major Ramsey; and of the navy, Captains Smith,Supremea th ecounsellor contestedlaw t o election this city. The Covode Committee reported in regard to thetake ca.-eo f Williamsona n d Sickles o fnot until 1854, when Mr. Dixon, of Kentucky,bunting politicians seized again upon the oldabstractions, believing they had got hold of anaha'. Walker be expelled from the House and the eternal principle. The greatness of their mis- visit.reporters' gallery; also, that the further considera- take is evident in the fact that tbe questionThis was Indeed a great day for the Japanese—a gala day truly, not only for their H'gbneeeei tbe Princes, bat for Itisfrom NewYorkthat theEmbassywill theworldofW»svinpton,itslegislatorsandiUgovernors. derive tbeir most vivid and lasting impressions Its wealthy and its middle C'aases, its hacks and its bask, men. Willard'e Hotel suddenly became the very centre of attraction, and rut ouly were its largn h&llt croirded,rubbishhair-splittingstatesman-o fthe othership, beneath its acceptable provisions. It was the Capitol perhaps excepted. The Whiteto particularly impress these strangers, House is a very plain affair, and the simpleand unostentatious habits and entourage of the testimony of Cornelias Wendell, and W. F. Walker— that Senator Douglas a n d other popularity President must give them a very poor idea ofCourt appoint testimony ina tdug up the fossil, and brought it into Congress,tionoftbesn^je3thepostponed. Thiswasadopt-ed. The Post Office Deficiency bill was passed. TheSenate's amendments to the Consular and Diploma- ries is not an issue of fact, nor one of doubt in connection with this country. Its noble tic Appropriation bill were then acted on, and the among the people. Every man and baybill making appropriations for the legislative, ex- knows that no matter how Congress may legis-ecutive andjudicial expenses of the government late, politicians agitate, orpopularmeetings re-was considered- solve, negro slavery will n o t extend into thefinned the nomination without the usual prelimi-naryofreference. Itisasyet uacertain whethera n dpleasure.WhatMr. DLt will accept the appointmentMarshal Bynders has not as yet been able to dis- mates of the interior regions of this continentless than bis hearty good humor, acclienUlly came Intowas among the e m b e r , although b e had to be supported by two o f his brother officers.The military display is very highly spoken of. The troops were formed In what is termed a hollow square, withtheJapaneseintbeir carriagesintbecentre. The marching of the Japanese soldiers was the subject of uni versal commendation. T h e Princes express themselves entirely satisfied with their reception, a n d especially pleased w i h the venerable appearance o f t h e Presidentcover any clue to the whereabouts of oarlate Post- These natural causes settle that question, prac- master, Isaac V . Fowler. It is now thought by tically, beyond the power of Congress or politi-manythathehasreallygonetoBrazil,whileothers cianstodisturb.regard the rumor as a mere rose to throw the offi- But there is an issue before tbe people—an cers off the right track. The investigation by the issue made by tbe black republican party inWashington agents is still going on, but with no 1856, when it organized for political purposes Additional developements of any special interest to against what it calls "the twin relics of barba-the public An examination of Mr. F.'s private pa- - rism, slavery and polygamy." The true attack pers has also been made, without casting any light here is against slavery, and polygamy is on the subject.been forced to make in Congress, but at homehim for a few moments In unb.mnle I astoa'shment. Re covering himself, hetouohel thecorporation of Mr. F. F. V.,notonce,buttwice,and ejaoulated, "SoUd!'' Now for tbe explanation:—Tbe Japanese bad found that ladies' boops yielded to gentle pressure, and h e supposed that the unnatural circumference of bis aew male acquaintance resulted from a similar cause.The Chamber of Commerce held a special meet-ing at one o'clock yesterday afternoon, but noimportantbusinesswastransacted. Theobjectcf the meeting was to consider President Bacha- ostensible direction of it against extension into tVin'slateletterrelativetotheabolitionofpriva- theTerritoriesismerelyarecessionfromthe teering.Nosatisfactoryconclusionwasarrived truepositionwhichtheblackrepublicanshaveratic representation. It would b e curious toto the invitation.The President will give them a n official dinner somemarine corps. Tbey were to full areas, a n d made a splendid appearance. A French naval officer wai ate* is thedistinguishedthrong. Inadditiontoothergentlemenat. and the sobject was therefore postponed untilmost novel and the most sense-enthralling of all the spectacles presented to them by this new world of wonders.publican government There w a s t o b e n o exception,This was one o f the most important events o f Mr. B athe next meeting. among their constituents they make no suchbenefits to this country. Fmbassy first retired from the Bast Room It was (or the tarly a s nine o'clock taken position a t the gates, every It was especially pleasing to Southern gentlemen, b e purpose o f bringing with them the Imperial or principalment of statistics showed the number now in the institutionstobe7,394,adecreaseof69daringthe past week.The Commissioners of Excise received one appli- cation for a license at their meeting yesterday, Which was gi anted. From the small amount ofreligious propagandist societies, broken up and abandon the/field, when the most profitablec jmman^ing appearance and pleasing address, WM moreIt will also open up a trade In breadstuff's, for tbe Japan* eBegrowonlyrice,TbeJapanesePrincescalledupontheforeignAmbas- sadors this evening. Tbey are in the best of spirits, con sequent upon the attention shown them by the govern- ment officials and private gentlemen.people will read, comprehend a n d take t>asintaa now before them, the Commissioners pro- interest in their sophistical arguments.The presents which they have brought for the Presi would be sufficient to engage all tbe places a The famous East Room of the Presidential mansion be dent of the United States are open to inspection in one week beforehand. That they would not con- (ran to fill at an early boar, the majority of those admitted or their saloons at Willard's Hotel They are very tent themselves with a solitary visit to this being ladies. There were several artists about, sketching handsome, unique and costly, and will be displayed to t h e the room, and reporters taking notes, which gave the im presence or the President and his Cabinet a* soon a s they (•reeslonthatsomething very solemn andunusualwas signifytheir readiness foran interview of this nature,mise themselves a large field for prosecutions when tbe cotjomission closes, from which to reap a golden harvest.elysium of sweet sounds and fairy illusionf is certain. During theperiodoftheirstaythey would visit the two houses at least half a do-Informationwasreceived attheUnited StatesDistrict Attorney's office late last evening that a which plainly showed that the contest wasabout to take place. Nor was this dispelled b y the sp- which will probably b e to morrow or next day.iv aranoe of the weU preserved Marshal of the District of The striking resemblance in features of the Japanese to Cuiimbia, Mr. Selden, who appeared in full dress, tte American Indian suggests the idea that tbey are one with white kids, andlittle fatigued by his twentyjeais of pnblia tervice Mr. 6elden wis ac-companied by James Buchanan, Jr., thaPml-certain vessel had cleared from pier No.8, and merely a personal one, in which abstract dis-zen times. ingsuchgulfstoburytheirmoneyin.The prospecttoourmindholdsoutfargreaterin- ducementsthananoperaticforayintothebigReconsideryourdecision,gentlemendirectors learnedthattbePresidentwastotakeaposition lama- oftheOpera. Thistimelejeuvautlachan-uiatelyInfrontofthelargewindowonthewest side, delle. »ithhisCabinetarrangedbehindhim,andthat theoffi-Was suspected to be a slaver.The Board of Police Commissioners m e t a t one©clockyesterdayafternoon,allthememberspro-tinctions in impractical matters were resorted to because none other were available. T h e discussionintheSenateismerelya continua-What a harvest for managers, hav-of tbe introduction of slavery in the Territo-harbor, its forests of shipping, its magnificent streets and avenues, its palatial stores, surpass- ing its private mansions in costliness and ele- gance, i t s outlying suburbs, forming distinctHon.John A.DLxwas yesterday nominated by >present Territories of the United States. The cities in themselves, and its unequalled facili-butthe»Uewalkswore blockelup.*uithastreetsrendered almost impat^able with the lltriu* Bind and thesoldiers, t h e hacks a n d this private carriages. In themain hall of the b•••>« Bcg^rs were smoked, jokes played,and the Japanese sharply looked after. One amusing in-cident is worth detailing. A well known lawyer, anda strict member of D r . Gurley's church, a n d oaoeAttorney General of the Commonwealth of Virginia,who is noted for the rotundity of hia person no Corps,nctwiihsiapdiDghissufferingfromrecentparalysis,the President as Postmaster of New York, in place institution of slavery ia not a migratory one, of I.HSSC V . Fowler, removed. The Senate con- and if it were the South has not the slave popu-ties of land and water access, will all strikerreat ruth to get out of doors, and the slepa anl every convenient spot were appropriated for a last took at these Orienal dignitaries. The officers of the army a n d navy ctme out in a body. General Totten, of the Engineerlation" to spare, nor could negroes be carried advantageously, if it had, to tbe cold, dry cli-Cass privately said,referringt o theiramplebrought in merely as a popular catch, though Congressional legislation o n both o f them in- volvesthesameusurpationofpower.TheThe New York delegation, to extend the hospitalities ofthat city t o the Japanese, were present a t t h e interview,it consists of Councilmen Shaw, Lent, Hall and Van Vort,and Alderman fctarr. The Japanese have not y e t replied 8hubrick. Buchanan, Tatnall; and Colonel Harrte, of lb sparties, andalarmed thegreat conservative element of tbe country. A nd yet Senators Douglas and Davis fail to see it, and engage in a hair splitting discussion, believing that theperiodofthecampaign isathand? Thereneverwillbeagainsuchachanceformanagers Congress. Thesearebuta sampleorthddodgesto make money. The curiosity tosee these won- derful strangers will b e so great that the bare announcement of their appearance at the Operaa nIn this they are the blind that would be lead- ers of those who see. But the masses have beendisgustedwithtbedisputesatCharleston,resorted to to obtain admission. To enamerato all would be tedious The readiest pasBport was a pair of magutu cent eyes and expansive crinoline. These could n o t b e resisted, even by the stony hearted policemen.NEW YORK HEBALD, FRIDAY, MAT 18, 1860.ake alarm It was only Mr. Speaker Pennington, wife about fifty members o f Congress a a d officers o f t h e werethosewhofoolishly thoughtin17*9tbepubliclaudstorailroads,inwhichthepo- House. TheHoueehadtakenarecess,suspendedtbe liticises of both parties equally participated in public business until those baring it l a charge could learncape like ladies, to verted tbe head b y stringsned pikes, halberds aad tenor omcers wore entailburnt since the above date, a t a n estimated value of $2^*7,000. Eight of those, or one half of them, were burnt in port, caused by the steve- dores emoking their p'pes and dropping fire into the cotton. A portion o f those burnt a t sea are sup- posed t o have been from ignition caused b y theconcentration o f the sun'B rays through t h e deck-toThe sales of cottoa yesterday embraoed aboat 1,400 demy and Winter Garden. This is to be re ing to shift off his own rogueries to the shoul-1840; tbe question is, where do you stand in 1860 on the great and rising Issue of the day!$5,000 of free wool notoriety; and Mat- lic, suffered ir jm tbe pressure.tbey have honored with their first diplomaticthem withcountless subjects for the pencils of theirartists, what endless themes for their historio-graphers and poets. Here, in reality, will be contact with a perambulating Japanese, w h o regardedamazementsketched and delineated the life of the great American nation for the instruction and amuse- ment of the Nipon masses. A ll the jottings that have preceded this chapter of the records of the Embassy will fade in importance before tbe wonders of its metropolitan experience.From the uncommon interest manifested a t Wlllard's, it Of all the sights and scenes that can b e pre- was plain that the Wbite Bause would b e taken b y storm sented to our visiters, there is nothing so calcu- i;..'.:8s the police proved more efficient than they did o n lated to astonish and delight them as an ope- thtir first enttance to the citr. Everybody wanted to be present at the interview with our hmorc-d President, and everybody hoped to b e tb e favored exception to tbe rule *biohMr.Commissioner Blake declaredhewonidfaith-witness their emotions on a , first visit to the twhoseleading politicians comprise the same individuals, have more recently been playing tie same game o f Congressional investigation, andwithasimilarunfortunateresultforthem. Take, for example, that $1,000 draft of whichevidence ofHeincapacitytocontainthesove- reigns of the nation, aad the secessttyttoBus—Tae Japanese m.%t h e Opera.The performances of this week are announced politicians of both parties are entirely rottenBet-feet wide, to be the assae of she grandIs-eato-ttwtesoil's infamous operations, which led to hisThe navy officers formed la UMta prominent among whom w a sarmy officers formedScott beengbe the last o f t h e season a t both the Aca- and corrupt. Here we have Wendell endeavor-The interest was aad the usual a t f toed the preliminary proceedtn gsders of the administration, which bad really no- on tbe basts of quotations given in aaotfter oi-ima. T oe the weather will prevent people leaving town thing to do with them, because he was disap-floar market exnlbtted so ne lesi depression, wbJle o o amoc grades or State aad Western were heary, aad were we think, be profitably spent here by both ing the same thing. It is this very class of fashion. Noopdy knew; and it Is just possible that moresuch attractions as Patti, Gazzaniga, BrignolBA*jrC«*aaMSSTCAJIKTJW0"-Broadwav-THr andlatbemalaeasier,eipeclaUyforcoamoa andSusiniattheonehouse,andFrezzoltoi,ingtoexposethecorruptionoftheirenemies,aboutthePresident'sthrone,andwouldnotbeconvincedupon the public treasury; and while endeavor-.lutia* «• It Waj-Oot-Uvma Ouaiosi and medium grades. Wheat wasla fair milling Fabbri, Errani andMirandola attheother, theyoften find thetables turneduponthem- thatbeQidnotBitunderacanopyofvelvetaadgoldtrim-demand, and prime to choice white was quiteurm, while Chicago, i p n o g w a s nominal. Cornrained somewhat, while (air salds were mate, tual damper on the rural longings of our oity show up the fact that one party is just as un- Whilst the confusion was greatest, the Marine Bind was at ptitxt given In another place Pork wai heavy, with fashionables, we see no reason why our Opera scrupulous as tbe other: and that they are so, beard outside, which caused a rush for toe windows, andthe turn of the marset in favor of purchasers New managers should be in such a hurry to bring we require no further proof than the proceed- announced tbe arrival of the cortege. Allaided by weather which must act as an effec selves. Investigating committees serve only toming.expulsion fromt h eHouse.T h emore strongly demonstrating the fact thattheA POSTMASTER WHO WAS NOT A DEFAULTER.—Itseemsnottohaveoccurredtoourastute OneofourWashingtoncorrespondent*—an formsfordistinguishedAmericanladiesoffashionandimpresarii that there are circumstances outside arcbaologist—has dug up fromtheold archives beauty. One of the chairs accommodated three todiestheirregularcalculationswhichmightbejustIn another week this city will be more thronged tween Colonel John Lorimer Graham, then cell in a looking glass with an elegant rrame.countrypeoplewhowould beattracted theregovernment. WeareallmuchgratifiedthattbefirstEa- basaywhich>ourgreatempirehaseveracsredtodtosay foreign Power be* been seat to the Uni ed 8'ate*. I vastt.y tbeir desire to see the Japanese, were theirleienuship between the two countries Tne treaty of cost- t-on of the President's address was audible at a distance, merce, wbese ratifications you are about toexchange wttk tie President'* reply, m ay b e found in to-day's coming future. In his summary Mr Dougl** Embassy here. By waiting for this event they IinmenseGatheringof Fair Womenand however, and when he Spoke of the ratification of the the Secretary of State, cannot fail to be prodacUveat oenefltoandblecsiLgstothepeoplebothef Jajaaaaa (be United States. I can aay for myself, aad promise (or a y successors that it shall be carried tot >execotoa la tvcked little borate of laughter. Tbecrowd was frequency land under the protection of tbe American hag Meat visiters during the most interesting and Addr*ss ofthe Chid Ambassadorand criticised, and one gentleman remarked that it resembled whir, during your ree o<rce amongst us, which I bops^^^•^ f^m^F#e^ ^ ^ P *daynextweek.Academy of Music. Nothing has as yet proba- fully carry out. It was notorious that none were to b e There ia a very general expectation that they will b e holding high public positions were Minister Preston aadblyoccurredtothemofthecharacterofsuch admittedexcept themembersoftheCabinet,andth- entertainments. Theywouldbeatoncethe awinhereofthelegislativebrauchofourpiosrJerouBremoresociable,nomthattheirrankandstandingaeettab listed.At the meeting of the Commissioners of Chari- retreat There, the burthen of their speechesties and Correction yesterday, Messrs. Draper and and the object of their vituperation are "the How is it that with such prospects before possible annoyance. One go a head young gentleman at- OSUBO it will open u p a market for cotton a n d cotton Ambaasador, who, according to thetr etiquette, could netBell were the only attendants, and as two members evil and the sin"' of slaveholdiog. On this they them the usually shrewd Ullman and the enter- tempted to cross the Rubicon nnder the wing o f a distin- fabrics that does not exist at present, with thirty millionsbe present a t tbe delivery o f tbe letter accrediting them. The demeanor o f the Japanese was exceedingly grave and tolemn. Their appearance contrasted strangely betimpressively with that of the deeply totorested sped* tors.Duringtheentireceremony,whenevertbeeyesofa Japanese official were raited from the ground, tbey were directed to the President, and to his countenance only. So rigidly wae this practice observed that it seemed that no one of the Japanese could have seen tbe countenaaoes of those surrounding them excepting those of the for distinguished get tiemen to whom they were introducedSome o f t b e Japanese during t h e afternoon took a airing tn carriages.W o r n Gasroof.—Y< rdi's opera of "Nebuchadnezzar,'' which wae produced a t Wic^r Garden o n Wednesday nlgb^ for the first time in the United States, will be re pestodtonight,withFabbriandthenewbasso, Sen* Mirandola,totherdletofAbigailandZtcciria. Theopera isputonthestageinthebest style,andwsereceive!atdo not constitute a quorum, the Board adjourned prising Maretzek strike their flags thus early without taking ap any business. The weekly state- have divided the churches, split the moral andguished a n d eloquent member o f Congress from N e w of Japanese, and will render silks much ch aper than they York, bat it was no go. Another, of manly proportions, are now.neat GeorgeB.Leicesterwasappointedpatrol-man, and J. Smith, the telegraph line man under tion of that at Charleston, and, by proving to villages of Massachusetts and Pennsylvania. deut's Private Secretary, to whom h e w a s describing velonc bone wilt also aid somewhat in accounting for dif- it* first presentation with marked applause. This • tieMr.CharlesRobertson,dismiaaedforneglectof doty.Thesanitaryforcereportedalargenumber ofplacesaabeinginafilthycondition.the people that neither Douglas nor Davis com- prehendsthespiritofthetime,itsavesthe countryfromthepossibilityofeither ofthem becoming,leadersintbegreatrevolutionuponthe crder or proceeding. From their conversation I ferences so slight Those hieroglyphics which were third entirety new opera whteb Mr Maretzek has totra-TheEuropeanmailstothe6thinst,broughtbythe steamship Europa, arrived in Boston yesterday which wears entering. A strong conservative THE SCENE IN TBE COVODE COMMITTEE—RE- icor of entrance.forenoon atteno'clock,andreached thiscityby feelingisawakenedalloverthecountry. The Ateleveno'clock Senators andmembers, wits thetrfoundInKansasandNebraska,andwhichtheIndiansoftbepresentdaycannotdecipher,bearaverystrongresemblance totbepresent Japanesecharacters. Itlatobehopedtbatcopiesoftheseinscriptionswill beshownto tbe Japanese, which may at once disclose the source morrow, when, w e understand, the season at WiatorSTXT O F CONGRESSIONAL INVESTIGATION.-P-Thethe Shore line—a new route between Boston and people see that when a set of zealous fanatics proceedings of the Covode Investdgating*Cem- wives, daughters and children, began to arrive in rapidwhence our Indiana sprang.The Joint Special Committee from the Common Coun-Garden will close for the pretextCosnjMjrrAsr Bawtm » Ma G. J. Asscm-Mr. G. JIfewYoik-abouteighto'clocklasterening.Our havecombined with demagogues tomakea succession,whichpromisedTery little ofanaudienceto? ^ J " i » - M i a h . d in yesterday's Hmuti), con- them, will involve the whole country in anar- been remarkably fruitful this session. On this interesting conversation aad tbe rustling o f female appa- Y ork, a n d stated that they desired to extend Mr. Jaa. W. Wallack and George Jassieen hew votos-cil ofNew York, after thepresentation today,hadW*graphicsummaryofthenews,receivedfrom mitteeonWednesday developedoneofthose SenatorDavis,whowastocontinuebisreplytothegreat an interview with the Presi teat in regard to Arnold,whohas"beentickfortbepastsevenmonflfit rashforpoliticalpower,which,ifattainedby unseemlyrencontresofwhichCongresshas speechofSenatorDouglas. Nowsucceededthebumof the contemplated visit of the Japanese toNew wintakeabenefittonightattheNewBoweryTheatre.potUntI***<**• mtmligtaee.tv • ^?^We give, however, to-day, anumber of interesting^tracUfrom^*^,,^,^ M M c w m ^ 2 ;WholesaleeaaigraUoua«rwtotog<«fromIreland holderhas ornotthe right ox libertyto thepartiesconcerned,beingtheobjectofmuch ladlesdeclaredtbeywouldnotbeabtetoseetheJapanese, decidedthiseveningorto-morrow.»a address by Mr.Cheater, a partial rotewis liken, and a motion to adjourn until teat night six *nonthe carried unanimously.Files of Jamaica papers hare boom recehed to Ai-ra J8, conUtelDf new* from tee British Worni > T r r i g n t y iuaon ETw3 ir * »«wu, oeosnao B ooold do no harm.Z ^ S ^ T Zfeefosglyremarkedthattheyebouldnethaveappearedla the navaloommtoaton,toftwillard's Hotelatabout half- W!4 ytmao taatte favor to«s"*« /fJT-T u •<««** Uedeaestaof my kotbund, Mr. •*- M °°°^^J^ rdfDwah iLoS»e awl out of aJtrfsesitnmeatto toe acste>y t ptmad at Oypre-B"DeonT11^**C0Untryto themtere»^of&«THECEREMONIESATTHERECEPTION. WASHINGTOH, May IT, I860.TheJapaneseEmbassy,attended % their offljersandall tele Isthe States, the harmony of^Tenbybttnd ef aa meano attack on teafcaotWh*** * rotemsJ^rs«• _ ^ .BK *.n,iMil.atemhavebe*a * *^"^ _:,_^v«fnpwithaviewtoexposethecorruptionofpo- wastolera- proveonepartyjustasbadastheother. TheywereinauguratedunderthewhigrbgimeofMr. Untitled DocumentFillmore, commencing with the celebrated Gal-cersofthenavyandarmyweretoformtwolinestotheteeredtheiraerrices. LetMr.Arnoldhereabumper-Pol tee In« entiresSnoorao ArrsAT—Lccrr Escars—Two" ^ " VGreenwichstreet,searBatteryptaee,namedMiathe power to go. Instinctively they tion,whose testimony was of a personal charac- escorts to get them in tbe frost use. Bat above all could barey on Friday evening ef this week. It will undoubt McCabe and Wm Moflessrn, get sate a row oa Wsdsw- fetl that this Is not the true issue of the ter, which appeared to touch the veracity of the be beard tbe most curious remarks about tbeas "idols of edly be a moat brilliant affair. The fashionable world a t day night, which finally resulted' to McCabe s draeinf*chyandcivilwar,itisnotimetodiscussthe abstract question whether a Southern slave-occasionamemberofthe Cabinet, theAttor- rel. I/)ve,politicsandevenreligion—for thetall form the invitation of theCommon Council to theEmbas- ney General of the United States, was one of of the Chaplain of the Bouse. Rev. Mr. Stockton, was pro sy. Tbe President referred them to Captain Dupont, who minent in the crowd—were promiscuously discussed.The had tbe matter la charge. The matter will probably be10*•^Si^Tl *"^S-*bemonSgl go.where honeither hasthewishnor abusefromoneofthewitnessesunderexamina- andthenfollowedtbeendeavors,vainindeel,ofthetr GeneralCassgivesagrandballtotheJapaneseEramftheporriBtienbjkeptupfa,»,»>,^ TL IsndwiU become depopulated ofyondafldoubt **;*» Tbe United States stonm frigate NlasjMg, _day; that itbelongs tothedeadpast,when, CabinetMinisterinrelationtotheGov.Walkerlbs hour," their personal appearance, their singular dress, aad tbeir fanny custom o f dreasmf the hair.Theentranceofthesplendidlyuniform>dofficersof thearmyandnavywasthesignalfordesperateflirt*-theWestEndIsonthequivive,anda grandtimeIsanti eirsted. STheJapanesewillbeinnteatovisittheHouse,tovisit tbeNary Yard,andwillattendthedeliberationsefthepistolandsnapping«atthebondofhieantagonist F#- tuuatolv for McGovern the cap snapped, or he s^eMeW'artvrm *«•••• ~—- theTombs(ortrial.l*uTHOsrao* rraawt.W«w ??^L^r*tat»»*•Iter the settlement of grave material issues, letter, recently published. 1rPanama,fromwhencethewflicanytbeJaps*. *»H4cteMdivided onempty abstractions.ceEmbassytotheirhomes,anchoredyesterday 1«owtheNarrows,onaccountofthickweather.A«»tbodbKusaionoftherelationsofthefis-TheseinvestigatingcommitteesofCongressarenothingmorethan partisan schemes,got tuns oathepart ofthegayyoung ladies,who were HesseprobablyonSaturdaynext.AnOtlSrmeetingoftoomembersofDr.Chee-viscongregationtookplacelastevening. After nhas:s^Si?*"*tUem*ntofItB&«>»*princi- liticalopponents;andtheirgeneralresultistosmilingmostbewitching!/. Some oftheplainaadun- P"lendinglegislatorswereverydifferentlyaToeted.The golden dress and prominent pos'son of these faithful sub i:cteseemedtodisgust them,aad oneofthemveryun-ftorsaccommodations. The situation o f t b e fortunate iamatei wasdeplorable;theywerecrowdedtogetherwithoutor- der of any kind. Each person occupied what position he pleased, and it was snore than likely, if o f small stature,new mansion >f grander proportions and enlargedseen from a distance. A little group got into an argumentto elevate the ladies. T b e elegant rosewood chairs a n dsofas, the p*ide of rural Americans, were wheeled from negotiated and concluded a treaty.intelligible to them.Perhaps this gentleman is mistaken It istobehall.As soon a s the ceremonies were concluded there wae aArsiatantSecretaryofStateAppleton. TheletteraccreditingtbeJapaneseOommiatioBerstotbe government o f the United State* WM unrolled from a even in favor of the press. Still, there were scores of the cbanan's adm'mstration, and will result in tncalcuiab'e •arge atd magnificent scarlet satin envelope. When thebopefultobe found, w h o gave t h e police, who had a ssuccestlul,andactuallyranthegauntlet asamemberofracecfpeople,tbeUtterslightlychangedbytheclimate and tbecenturies theyhave lived under it. Theten ttDcyof thelimestoneformationsofthiecountrytodeTbat lately tbe PlentpetoBttoriea of both countries hereducedthisseason,"LaJnlve," and«StreiaM»"-«»« worksrespectivelyofHatovyandFlotow—bavtogatot beengrvenhereforthe first time. "Webocaadneaar" willbeproducedforthelasttimeatthegrandm**"*'to- claim and Caid!rior claim, which turned309Fulton New York 130691est eleven this momtag, on their way to the President's formedpolicemenwereinfrost, sadthesamenumberiaOut t o h» trrwtji earinAlaa nnnn <bi» mT«r wwmnt1; " t o ^ ^ g s .Thomas M. TryniskiSoun*w.fultonth 4thStreethistory.comapparel so handsome, at toast until attar the passage ortbe bHl lccreaitng their p a y . General Scott tower- Louse, they rode IB open carriaf.es. Twenty five uni-ed above the crowd,and for a Urns at least was^*ZZ^£rJcmm#rr 