 mtweeaV»•CamcUnt fer p enter- tocveper•'v-av pre*Homebody-would shoot him! I>on't you think he canLe punished and sent to the State F.ison?^ she saidMr. If VATT makes a statement in another column in regard to the receipts.' and di»bm-semeuts <ya accomit ofpected to be a festive occasion may be imagined whan the master of the Kouse was brought iu, mangled andof Greydon, SfcCreery cc Co.'s dry«gocds house, Non. 'MV, and5M8 Broadway, known aa Applotoh'a Building.»**r***:**Wovcmettt* of Liiiooln and Hamlin mebetterthanalltheworld;. thatmyhusbanddidhot --w*?'-r---LOVE AND PENALTY,'"•FROMTheyfc^ p;nd«»d to do M* frontier, sport* ten-.Rfc iwthiagv n h o h* afe*'»rce» aad the Mis- It seem*-*l**ood* Id *tin putL4JPBL•Xt».I.mrotnleaveshereforSpringfieldinthehiorn- timesthat1almostbeBevedhim,'' Thewitness then ITkeBer,Dr.SAWTERlastevening, at thefeih. detailed much further conversation in the defendant's the Historical Society, at which1 place his congreg»4io».,Mr. Hamlin leaves for the East this evening, accom- o>vn words of sunilar import. Witness then identified is meeting at^^praeenty- gave -a lecture' oh1 the book of |•VThe Pony Express, with St. I^uis dates of Oct. 28, arrived Mre on the '8th inst:•/FWJftOAYSLATERFROMI'«&•'''T H E A R A O O O F F C A F E K A . C E . % ST:JOIKC'S.JT.P.,Saturday,Nov.2t,1860.WASHINGTON.THETRUTHABOUTTHEKANSASTROHBLE&' Cprresponoeuce of Tbe K Y. Tribune.WASHIKOTOW, Nov. 23, 1860. Ithinkthetrueexplanationofthedifficultieswhich'.-, t\ux. IMoaovr. jrrR««T.,;<- >p^m:' At3o'clock,yeeterdayafternoon,afireoccurreditt,. a dwelh'ng-honse in Grove street, near Hudson, in \coneequencerfof a defective beater in the upper portion • of the pmmsee. Damage^ $50.. ?AtSR ALARM. *,«93£Jbr account.Steamship Arabia, from Boston via Halifax, arrived • t Iporpool on the 11th.fiteamshin New-York,fromNew-Yo:-k,putintoPry-, ENGL/VXD.The Bank of England- had raised its rate of discountnere this evening, well armeo, for the scene of action. ST. LOCI.*, NOV. 25, 1860.Sergeant Lent of the Third Ward with a platoonof his men was early on the ground^ and assisted bythe reserves of other wards, kept back the crowd andprevented any property from being stolen. Sergeant .sprang cut of bed as aoon as thfey entered the room, •The Brigade of Missouri Volunteers, under the com-Saandof Brigadier-General Frost, mustered iuto service. iMignr quiet: raw unchanced; crushed slow of sale nt 15c.Stuart and Mrs. Burch in the library; Mrs. Bnrchwent away in June, 1859; Mr. Bnrch went*in July; I an economy of grace and love ? From Hia great loveJry order of Gov. Stewart for the protection of the 65c.; Brandy, Mc.; being temporarily irhproved by a short sup- "Western frontier, Mi on an extra tram on the Pacific ply immediately available. Ee.»t«rn pure Spirits lower; sales at a£e. Recent £ngu>h advice*! have improved the, demand for AVheat: medium qualities can he quoted at 10tf'l3c. higher; ex- »hix>piug varieties command $1 SO. Barley in moderate re-Railroad at 12 o'clock to-day. The brigade nnmhered al>out 700, embracing eight companies of infantiy. and engineer corps, one company of cavalry and threequest.'/.'.'••' Brackett's stable, in North Morgan street, was The weather is clear and cdld. There is no ice in turned last night, with six horses. the river as vet, nor in the canal, as far as heard from.The action of the Bank officers at their meeting to- RICHMOND, Va., Nov. 25*, I860. day is considered favorable. It was decided that the It has been bitter cold here to-day. Ice froze nearlyas often while Mr. Burch was at/home, in the even- harmony with the paternal character of God, is vir- ings^ as while he was away, and that nothing unusual tually to say that God, in Ilia spiritual purity and love, was thought of them. looks with complacency, -or at least without abhor-oalanees at the Clearing-Hou^e should be paid partly in five inches thick. bills, instead of wholly ia specie. This measure willGawse.Mrs. Thomas Burch was the next witness. She was rence, upon endless ein and misery. It is to say. that • f or.iy examined to identify the- letter • recej ved by her the Eternal. Father has no affection for His children, from defendant since she left her husband. and if indifferent alike to His own glory and their good.The total loss is estimated *at $540,000. There is a t the foray of the Indian' Agent UJKUI the Cherokee scarcely any doubt but that the fire originated from tho ;Neutral Land settlers, and at.the refusal of the Preai-greatly relieve the Banks, and enable them to discount imelj. The course of; be Banks meets general appro- val, being deemed safe and judicious.K e n t u c k y ,iovxstrxxii, Ky., Saturday, Nov. 24, 1«60.The official vote of this Stato is .^ follows:• T h e B n r c h I M v o r c cThe Court adjourned at 5 o'clock until 10 o'clock on It ii» in a word, to.sav that the Creator is no longerBell Breckinridge.-«..OSUKC.O, Saturday, Nov. 24, I86v.' A mild rain last evening changed to a cold WMW^ xtorm before this morning. The thermometer indicatessow 24 degrees. The cold is increasing, and the windblowingaw^rihl legale from The west. Considerable — L»O-AW, tVom the west. COL^wiowtSs fallen at Ogdenaburgh and ^Vatortown, mot mnch here.Ooaglas - I J n c o I n 2 «•f>All violations of the Sunday liqnor law yesterday were false, or fraught with more disastrous consequences if insured for §400 in the Rutgers Insurance Co. Origin f*i; I went to the houre the following day; there was to be reported, and next Sunday and thereafter all per- true, than that which we have now been considering, of fire unknown.I.. l,l*>i •Terrible <2ale at tae ^%>^t.i confeeekm there all ready, bearing Mr». Burch's wg- sona engaged in the salt; of liquors on the Sabbath are and which it is the aim of Dr. Thompson's whole book natttre; I took the document in my hand, and asked to be arrested forthwith. In case the proprietors/should to maintain. Next Sunday evening I shall consider.. fr. • L a k e K>i«aster..CtKvv.t.vsD, Satordav, Nov. 2\, iov'-The steameT Citv of Cleveland, from Luke Su- perior, arrived to-night, Wiring, with the lo<*s of one wheel, and she had to throw out to-day fifty tuna of copper ore from the I'ewabic mine, thirty barrels of copper ingots from the Wvandott.e, and hnv-oight tnn.-1'n.-»Board of*Htate Canva^swrs.a tavern,, which is known in the viPlnity as. the" Black Hole.'' Here he bogged for. assistance, told, by Engine Co. No. 2 and Hose Co. Ne.. 15 comer -.^fXfce »O J K r l Saturday,.Nov. 24, I860. A I U A V yThe audience was dispersed, and six of the actors, givrbe put down, and peace and qviet bo once uvjira. re- his name, and offered anv sum to be taken home to. Fnlton and Nassau Btreets, and badly injured; liis stored. ',,.. . • —.. mf• •1- - -.66,016 . .0J.8:Wposts. The, peojplo-of thai w-ctbn are maddened al- /. . most to deeperatioa by the wrongs which they have suffered Sfomthe AdminLstratiMi, and' would rather be ^ disposed to encourage than to diacoirragc auch pro- .._FIREISORCHARDSTREKT-^ANIKFANTSUFFOCATKO.Iceedings.,'gbutA male infant, five weeks old, lying upon a lounge in the outer room, was suffocated.r The Coroner was notified. But little damagewaa done to the builditg, as the occupants di^coverod and extinguished the flamea before they had made hiuidi progret>ti. iiJra. Opfer, hearing the alarm, rushed through 'ihe smokeJn ..search of her babe, but was so confused that she was unable to find the little one. She dic-covere-iher two boys upon the floor, and dragged therji out. ,,pOi*.-j«eio^^pb which hi- w:i8 intending to pay thto exp«3aj«es;oi$B» Uuited Stares Dietrirt Court.We havi^8a*» gi^ven all that h*» reached iu» lip to C he tim-e of v a 3 ^ g this artxle- Imports which we, ha^ve. • previously; published have been from those v*ho ,w ore btrougly "prejudiced in &vor of Montgonv«y fic^Co. Our preceht information comes from gentlc«»en w hoseprejudices are atrongrv tho other way, bai.wa. have every r.eacon tc» believe" .that, iii the rouic*;their t^ate- mentK are correct. W e believe that our ns«>unt of the origin and present anpect of these troubleswrill,be foundwas 'attaching mv attestation Mr. Bufth entered the of pwirob; total value, *$.*J0.W0. The copper is in- room: hi*wife took him by the arm and said somethingdrunkenness. . . '.,The total number of arrests for drunkenness in thevarious police precincts yesterday was 34 males and 16females, being a decrease from the usual number of .about three-fourths.At 8 o clock last^evoning, Inspector Carpenter, with 4second train consisted of twenty-one cars, loaded with marble, and a " caboose," or freight-passenger car. The first, o r regulartrain, was forced from the track, and driveii through a stone building used as an engine- house. Whether more persons were injured we have not learned, but one gentleman received injuries so serious that he is not expected to recover. The name of the injured man is Kellv; he is a respectable and„FUtE IN IfH.OH.T S'JPRKJET.At H i o'clock Saturday night a fire. br*ke out in the:.',• --„•••r •'•••••*mm'•#chanE**- Isthmus Butter moves slowjy at 'J&\c.; 1 3 4 firkinsa r -rived this morning pt>r Golden Age. • Formzn brandies slow.""though held firm. American Whisky,remained to'take care of the house; I did so at the re- quest of Mr. and Mrs.'Burch.C'ross-eXamined—On-the day I went into the library Mrs.' Burch sat on a largo chair; it was a very large chair with a high back, with cushions;. Stuart sat on a small chair facing lier; Mrs. Burch's chair was higher than her head.He sent forth His Son to seek and to save that which was lost.' The life, purpose, and teachings of Jesus of Nazareth were entirely opposed to the doctrine of end- less torments. Dr. Sawyer concluded as follows:But, allow me to remark in closing, no man can en- tertain just views of the Divine perfections, and yet believe that there is to be any final evil in the Uni-Lent, while passing through the burning building, fell down a hatchway, but fortunately escared with a few slight contusions. The firemen 'labored with a will, and notwithstanding the threatening aspect of the con- flagration, at the outset, they succeeded in confining it tpthb two buildings 'above mentioned, and in aaviug them from being entirely destroyed.The losses and insurances arc as follows as hear aaand refused to surrender. Jennison, the leader' of the party, at onee fired his revolver, and the shot took ef- fect in Moore's neck, fatally wounding him. In order to show that the attempt of Montgomery & Co. to ex- cuse their proceedings on Anti-Slavery grounds is all a sham, it is proper, to state that Mr. Lester D. Moore, the murdered man, was a Republican, but was strongly opposed to the lawless acts of the gang aforesaid. WhiletheseeveutsweretranspiringatMapleton* Montgomery was stationed at Hudson, one- mile off, and hia aida were constantly riding between the two.Citv.' •.must ultimately'come- to an end. In the language of The second, third, fourth, and fifMi floors of the some.hnildifejr, fronting on Warren street, were occupiedby Warren ic WiI«o«, prophecy, *' sin shall be finished, aud an end be made mannfacturers of boots and shoes, and the loss on their stock isof transgression." in that greatest of Divine works, estimated at $50,000. Insured lor $55,000. . 'the formation process of ifree soul,-growing to knowl- . Loss on stock of Hook, SXiiincr it Co., importers of c!«tbs,• "•-'.a-trelating piecesofartillery,fullyarmedandeauippedforone Thel*oi».yJExjp»re^«» Q.YouhavesaidthatMrs.BurchhadherbacktoverseofGod.TheLordreigneth:lettheEarthre-canbeascertained:though "*- u, ^n to the rmaents de- J, under the their ownire notre- ele expense rto preven£ >g the atir-jen decided' ••-.•. equka- <fti for it, istue meao-p-irtufe of>pe for the Tonat the nfwmatieo* • Kk^-1: the *2 J, *86U with Verttira is eoa- Morelia u>rico.*> had been ' to liriiiah throughout.84,1860. from &be> »aaied with.«>w. The and is now*aatrooa, a*<KSjW4KHZ?aased D o - le hlindizu^ vetwelit to>pi) beqoite their moor- . 0*m is eoo.-bims to the Seringthat .the money heir actio* tageof d»* Worablyixi was preri- a denotnd,'f'/ie diflUll<ircukt-2noz>th'» campaign.Major'Bell of the LVit^d States arsenal furnibhed aiull supply of »hot and caalster for the battery. 40,000 loundft of Mini6 ball, and 60 rounds for each of the Colt's revolvers.ST. JOSEPH, Saturdav, Nov. 24,1860. The extra p . ^ ' axprepi. which left Fort Kearney on Wednesday, Nov. 7, with the election-news, arrivedthe door; how do you account for seeing Stuart's arm joice. Clouds and darkness may be round about him, around Mrs. Burchk? waist when the chair she sat on but righteousness and judgment are the habitation of had a back higher than her head ? Witness.—Because his throne. God allows, as Thorluck says, " nouncou-4 Los« on Hfoclt of Jumes F. \Vhit« 4c Cor, importers of Irish and-Scotch liiieus, occupying the first floor aud ba»«?m«nt of No. 33Warren Htreet und No: 29 .Murray street, with rtde on Church- places, carrying his orders and furnishing> him with ac- atTeet, about if 150.C00. Insured lor $:!50,0fl0 in city aud country i counts of what was beim? done by hia " lieutenant." companies. Much of their stock WUHuaved, though in a greatlydamaged state. # . . . ,'> The killing of Moore took place <uiWednesday, andNEW-1860.•toDavid and Moses Abrams and J. Eblin'g, merchants, all the story until a few days ago to Mrs. Van;Orman; preached, and \' believed'" about it, but never talked ofthiscity,failedonthe8thinst.forone.hundred Iwrotedownthefactsohpaper;Ididnotcommitthem abouti^,.Torealizeitsterrorandferocity,wasenough Baa* of France, which was to be followed by £300,000 thousand dollars. Their creditors, who mostly reside to memorv ;'I only read them over. ' - to ccrtldenv.i it. The avtthor of this book was a highly/lacocaeqaenceofthewithdrawalof£300,000fortheW*^. OoBseb dosed at 934«93|Jor nwnev, and93* here, are partially protected.5>ad not reached England.iu.it.: coutem]>hited going to Europe; I don't know if bin author's own misrepresentations of Theodore Par-* Peak region, and thus,prevent another free State there, by the LejL'iahitnra in '58, was'intended to dispose of allHr-n. J. J. "Benjamin. Hon: Reverdv Johnson and wife, Miss wife was to go also; she^did hot ask, me to persuade ker, Mr. Frothingham, and Gerrit•••.Smith. He had. and I am ininrmed by good authority that Senator tne old differencea' t>etweeit the Federal authorities and'IVnvK M»jor W W , V. S. A., and family; I!on. WJ». 3\I. Gwin, I&T. Burch to go alone; I believe I advised Mr. Burch scarcely mentioned an entire sect comprising more than Green intends'to insist on his proposed change-of those who were- under iodictments from the U. S.boundary in the- approaching session. His amendmentn<*s was subjected to'a severe .cross-examination, .cal- of eaiifest cohtroversy since the beginning of the pres- also cuts dff thin region from. Southern Kansas. I have and his confederates , expressed themselves ready t oculated to shake many points in liis testimony.] ent century, which made it a part of its duty to deny yield submission thereafter tolhe legal tribunals, and D;rect ex mir.ation'res m 3-~In thi dead conveying and"disprove the doctrine of endless«• punishment, but other reasons for believing in the existence of this con- to aid, if necessary, in the arrest of all offenders.the -property, the firm property conveyed 'was about.' to maintain the contrary doctrine of universal .salva- spiracy, but it would make this letter too long to give The drflicultiea of which we Hpeak'^originated in theK a u » a « Xroi4i>!«-5«.ST. LOI is-, Satnrdiiy, Nov. 24, LSf>0..lion.®J D. Baker, Capt. Jordan. U. S. A... and family; r.it-ut.. J. what eonrt<o tv. pursue during bistroublee- [The wit- 1,200'congregations', which haH grown up in the midst Court?. After the passage of that' bill; MontgomeryJ. Jariustcn. J>. W . Connelly. B. Woodruft*. Lient. J. B. Alex- The different military companies met at their armories ander, C. S. A.: Mr. Starborough, Cupt. Fle'icher, U. S. A.. wiiV l a * night, when Gen. Frost gave them (Boy. Stewart's' Rndi»wvaiit; Jrrome Ladbrie, Ycnaihis Mvers, G. M. Prindle. StephenJEI. Scott. JohnTvce.Chas. VV. M«»rritt,- AVm. Dan-son, final orders, wluch were to proceed-at once to the fron- Gt-«rs<- Fiuniau, IKUIC Johnxou, W. Friend, C. A. Coft'man,sin express ta»in to Syracuse, thence acrtes>«he country J. Harbin, B. Barbln, Jaineu Harrigan, - John MicheH,-J.- O. Van Bergen and wife, S. O. Randall,' Georpe Rounds,to the spene of the disturbances. Chj:rle« RbundaV L. Hblxaes, M.. Dcvere, Carroll A. Este», £JSAVX>-WORTH, K. T.. Saturday, Nov. 24, 1860. A. Barber, A.' N. Grennbach. wife and family; Dr. Pat,'e, Dr. Teter Newkirk, Capt-Dumout. MrH. Mary Aun Grant, Mrs.Much interest was felt in her "testimony, in consequepce, jie^essity^ Indeed, he thought its purpose was rather think I understand the inside history of all her troubles.eoroe godd reason for what he has done, though I knowIndian lands, and rend«red"de-,Tftrate bv want. Furtherhome; the relations between Stuart and Mrs. Burch at that time* appeared to be friendly and as they should be; the relations between Mr. Burch and Mr. Stuart were friendly. Witness here .detailed the events on her arrival at Bnrch's house in December, 185Z, with Fanny Burch, and the subsequent events as testified to bv'Fanny Burch. On the night of. the •'•party went to McVickc'rs Theater; Mrs. Burch desired to'go, but would not, because her husband objected; Mrs. Burch gave the servant orders before the party left for theno definition of '" parental character," no description of Hell. The old divines were full of such descrip- tions.; They called it a world of woe, and ascribed to it aHilie forms Of' misery which could be conceived. They took up the subject in order, showed us the forms of it, and then endeavored to give us some idea of eternity.il If," says Drexelius, "all the severest and most barbarous tortures which were ever/invented by tyrants of the earth, who, by anxious thoughts and Hellish conntenance, improved and refined the art of cruelty and brought, it to perfection; if these, I say, were to be heaped upon the head of one man, and hesix thousand votes of being complete. The total vote intelligence is exjieeted to-night. returned thus far is 111.818. Lincoln, 36.586; Doug- Gen. Harney and G"V. Mcdary will arrive here to- hw, 35,900; Breckinridge, 31,216; Bell, 8,026; LincolnCHURCH STRi-:KTS—LOSS ABOUT $ 5 4 0 , 0 0 0 .About midnight on Saturday night a fire occurred in the Third Ward, involving th"e partial destruction of two brown-stone buildings on Warren, Murray and Church streets, together with a large quantity "of. im- ported dry, goods.' As near as can be ascertained, the•• fire originated in the dry-goods house of E. Stone &- Co., in the upper part of the building, corner of Murray? and Church streets, and was discovered by Officer Hovt, who ran to BroadTray and. notified some firemen wno were returning froih the fire in Front street.The alarm soon became general, and in a short time the firemen of the district .were on the ground, but, owing to the severity of the weather, aome little time elapeed before the engines were got in working order.procuring assistance to carry on his marauding enter- prises. At that time, he made an inflamma4»n-v'speech at Mound City, after which he proceeded to collect and arm his men.Under the, cover of Anti-Slavery pretenses, hisband have recently committed various depredationa, to* which they were partly incited by the action of aome Missourians who still retain the old spirit; The first important featnre of the present excitement was the • trial::ndexecution of one Hiri.es, byannmberof Mont-, gomcry's men, headed by Dr. Jennisou, his lieutenant. .It wiig"alleged by those who composed the mob-court,that Hin'ea was a. notorious character who had been or- dered to leave the Territory in '57; but the immediate charge against him was that he had spirited away a negro from Kansasinto Missouri. Whether the negro - , wasfreeorslaveywearemiable'tosay,aao.uraccounte%•jnorrow.. N *The force at Fort Leavenworth is readv to march ata moment's warning.WARSAW, MO., Saturday, Niv. 24.186»)."over Douglas, 596. This is the most favorable account for Douglas published, other authorities placing him nearly 1,000 behind Lincoln. The remainder of the returnfi will probably decrease Lincoln's majority, butCol. Snyder, with sbt..e four or five others, left Boli- the State is generally conceded to him. T h e official var yesterday afternoon for Nevada City and the bor- count will l>e required to settle all doubts, however. ders of the- State, to ascertain, if possible, the Htnte of A dispatch from Yreka, near Oregon, On the 13th, things in that section. He left the Polk County Ran- ?ay«lhe latest advices from Oregon give 250 majoritytheater to say the family were out, if any person called;Mrs. Burch said afterward that Stuart had been there;Mr. Farnum had called and had been denied admission;Mrs. Burch expressed regret at this; one day I saw- was to endure them for a<hundred, years, yet they Stuart in the library with Mrs. Burch; his arm was would not come near the pains of the damned, even for around her waist; Mrs. Burch had her hack to the door,gers in readinew to march immeduitely tinon the re- ceipt of orders from him.We may soon expe© hiter and reliable information from t h e scene of dittfurbance.for Lincohi over Breckinridge.Arrived lltb, Belgian »hip Cbarle«, from Nevi'cahtlo, Knglund; wl-ale ship Jennette, Ochot»k Sea; 12th, «hip Ladoga, Boston; whale ship John Rowland, Arctic. Ocean ; t*ark Yankee, Hono- hi!n;. 14th. steamer Golden Age. Paimma. Sailed 10th. ship Bel-\HA gentleman jn.Mt in from Gw»ola states that the citi- videre, Cork: whale ahip Congpreu«, cruiw, 14th, whale shipand Stuart was facingit; Idon't remember Mrs. Burch's any other act of familiarity, between them; I saw a cardone day." If Dr. Thompson's proposition»were true, as " all have sinned," it would be in entire harmony with the .parental character of God to -condemn all, eyeh-td endless punishment, that isto create a universe and condemn every living soul in it to eternal torment.2ens of that uection arc in 31tpreat state of oxcitement.JeTinette, cruim;.CoaraxaeJ.u.—Trade with the country i« less active than dur- sayinganythingto me about it afterward; I never sawIt ia also reported that the firemen were unable to ob-tain ah adequate supply of water. From the premises effect that the darkey was free, and was sold byHinesi apprehending that Capt. Montgomery-, with bin banding tli« preceding week. Considerable rain has fallen, but notHt.<fiei'-i»t- to interfere serioualy with the transportation of soodathoughont the interior. Thecountiy haa been supplied, how-' the night X.went to the theater on the floor, which hadof the transaction differ on that point—onebeicg to theOXJafa^jfanrker*. wo«ld push ou to that placefor thejmrpose of taking pon«eMion of the bank there and it»contents, which could bt- ea.-ily effected in the prv-oent over, so liberally within the peat sixty days as to diminish th*present demand; and as soon as freights advance, »•» may.look unarmed condition of the people. lor its almost entire cessation. This is the general expectation The last news of Montgomery's movements wac that enU-.rt»in»-d by city deul<;r*. and hence t^eir continued efforts to a portion of his Land was* at Boll's Mill.-*, only twenty- reduce stocks, end to avoid exiling 'upon '. first hands for five miles from Osceola, and it was fiatral thai he wan ujivthinL' not immediately needed. ' Transactions continued limited, without particular change of prices. Sales of Candles about to march on the latter place. lor tL«- past six days reach 2,900 boxes, at 2<ii)'Z4hc. for Rood A small independent compajjy of 3Iinnte Men left brands. Rio Co^Tee moves steadily at Hio*13c. Coal'firm; sales ofl20tnns hard, ex Ladoga, at #2V; U00 tuns West, partly ox, an about J?19 50. Sardines are taken on speculation; last sales ot hi-.lwsat iS3 50 g^ doz. Pro-. isidYm dull and without materia!of Stone & Co., the fire extended'to the other end ofJS u s p e n s i o n o i * W : m . O . B r o w n &S °" cited, the Tetter verbatim.] She had kept a cony of theoccupying the second, third, fourth, and fifth floors of N-a- 33 tVTarren street, abont $130,000. Insured for $160,000.Loss of George Ar Clark, dealer in spool cotton. Alexander Clark, iii;port«r of shawls, and J. F. Milward, imporfewr of needles, about T'1,000. The three persons occupied the same premises, No. 31 Warren street, upper floor, and are jointly insured for $150,000. . . 'The stock of H. K. Dibblee ic Co.. importers of silks, No. 29 Warren street and No. 25 Murray street, was damaged by water to the amount of ot least $ 10,000. Fulry insured.Towusend &. Gale and other occupants of the adjoiuiti? store sustained slight damage to their stock by water..The Church-street building is owned-by R, H. McCurdy, and isdamaged to the amount of #10,000; iusurod. Dama.?e to theadjoining building, owned by Wm. Spencer, $20,000': iiisnred.BU.KKALO, Saturday, Nov. 24,1860.William O. Brown &. Co., bankers, of this city, sus letter. (Witness produced the copy.] I own ten sharesedge and virtue, sin incidentally appears; but, at last, it again falls awav, when the soid, through.rich grace and its own moral effofts, has gained the mastery of it- wK and is brought into perfect and willing obedience to the law of God. To say, with our learned- author, that the endless punishment of the wicked is in entirepended payment to-day.The .Weather.. .in the Chicago, Burlington and Qui'ncy Railroad; they were given me by Mr. Burch, the complainant, just as I left Chicago the last time; Mr. Burch accompanied me to Little Falls. The remainder of' the cross exam-mher it" that wan her signature, and if she WJ»S ready to»*weai that the contents were true; she said >'Yes;'" I"did not asd< ber if fhe knew the contents of the paper;no one else was present; while I was.attaehing'.my at-testation Mr. Burch entered; Mrs. Burch said nothing;Mr. Burch retained the paper; I went to the houseapun in the ai'ternoon, and went to the defendant sbedroom; I was accompanied by Fanny Bnrch and Mr.Burch; Mr. Burch said to his wife, Fanny and Valen-tine have come to witness your signature; two paperswere opened; I am a Notary Public; Mr. Burch andF-muy then retired; I asked Mrs. Burch if she wasreadv and willing to swear to the confewuoi she hadBfcried; *bo said, "Qnue willing;" I asked her it sueBmderstood the document; she answered " B u t toow t i l " I then administered the oath to her; while Iput other persons on the premises who should openlysome of. the proofs by which he attempts to sustain it.Donald,<Sc Co. and Mr. Wilson, merchants, were moyr ingthcxr goods out of town,, and manvpersons were'.,.; leaving^ in anticipation* of an attack. The town waa'..':;'DuredT Some flour in her hold u* daumgisd. _A small vessel, naine unknown, went to pieces onthe coast a few mile« we»t of here. Crew slaved.<» -S e v e r e F r o » t a t I V e w - O r l e a n i * . KJJW-OKLI;A>S, Saturdny, Nov. 2-1, 1««».Th^re was a heavy i"n^»t here this morning.1 « 4 deeply and deserve mv fate; I blame no one but my- men and women, and put an end to the representation.upper part of the building No, 193 Front street,, occu- to b».'. substantially true. ,W e counsel eveiy good citKen to do ?dl?n hia power agricultural implements. *IIapp^il}T it was dB-coyoret? to aid in the arrek of the reckless cn«y. why aeem to ^I could not hear, leading him toward the door; Mr.self:ifmyhusband'schildrenshouldbebivk,willyoupromise to write to me? he Hurely wont refuse to letpied bv John Moore, manufacturer ot and dealer in-W mv children; do yon think my hurtbaudme? Oh, do not let him hate me; I do not expect his love, but don't let him hate me; I have wronged himCaptain McKelvey, and a force of men from'the Twen-ty-second Ward, went to the Blum Turn Halle, No. wealthy merchant, residing at No. 180 West Forty- damage was done. The insurance patrol, ^found a alleged in .justification of such act*, and the perpetrj &•*The State Canvasser** have adjourned,,to Monday. me come and nee them when they are sick;'' she then yjg the names of Simon Brenner, Goo. Mann,- Wm. <kThere are no returns yet from New \ ork, Kings, Lister imdS"uUivanCounties.again entreated me to pity her, and said, It is liar" Kieeler, Anthonv Kessel,/Phdip Andrews, and Charlesto leave-'mv children; I feelmuchbetternow, Langwerearrested,ouachargeofhavingviolatedthe personsabouttheplace..Luckily,theRev.Mr.ankle was sprainodand bis, shoulderaSslocated. wastakentotheHospital. , .:. F1RK IS KIOBTX-SKyENTH STREET^H eLATER.—Bv telegraph to Jf^nm,dty h*t evening, welearnthat1ioflnagle,P.M.atitfapleton,th'^rejbused., pvbonef, come through on tbe stage to <bat jpointm^ g T . Lot-is, iJatnrday, Nov. 24,1860,Theconcert of the Hutchinson. Family -will not.take^ residence in this city. .Mr. Kelly reached the /latter' the Twenty-third Warddiacovertfdafire in the planing- was at 'Mound City on Sunday. The e'xpret^ ^©nt.^ placethiseveningattkeTabernacleasadvertised,butElaceaboutlOip.m.,inashockingcondition,hiafacemillofMr.Hanlon.coimerof.Eighty-sevewfchstreetand fromFortScottdeclines-Utfwm#t\anyforthwintelaVon his arrival in Leavenworth.Mr. Sawin of theH. o°d St. Joi'^phlJailroadpawedw) on the boat yesterday, 'on V w return from Fort- Scoa, where he had been to purchase stock. He waaobliged to leave without acco4apli»di«ig the object of his journey. ' ^ ' - .W e b&xe a conrerpondent ^t Fort Scott, from whon*,,. - ,weexpectuioreo^tamfodd©t*ih»byto*dav'anjaila.Keao«aLakeHotel,F.MillspauKh ERjgg.^ ^royff byiU h* taght. Um about**,000, in- nuredior $5,000 *al*o. " Oh, Valentine, you have no idea of the decophe used, toward me', or how long I struggled the starving peopW of Kansas, and the n^esaity fortui'- apparently idyip'gl Little hope ta entertained, <trf bis J TX>e coal had been left too neaj- the furnace. N ow% • • .- HflBasaggg/as I„ have'told Mr. Burch everything; i t has taken a load o f f my mind; 1-"often intended telling him everything, but the fear o f sepa- ration from my children prevented me J" Mrs.Sunday law.:'. '..'.;.. '."•'' ''•;'.of Fordham happened to pass, and like a good Samaria tan, took charge of him and had him conveyed to hia'.Miui.imu,« i.iniiiimi'-i•M„.^...., CHICAGO,Nov.25,1860.loveme,butanother;bedidthiswithsuchart8ome-.•.•.{> ' '•'••• -'Wi<:I.a»••!•?".•-;y•*••*<'••••>/••-:%••.• .,r - 1orpanied by Senator Wilkinson of Minnesota. The former the confession. I recollect that in the Sanaaer-of; ; Dr.JVP:T^nTp»oii,entitled'fLoveandPenalty.'*IwilltarrywithSenatorChandler;atDetroit,to-mor^ of18T>9,whileMr.Burchwas.withthe defendant, Ibei*ean«»bipArago>whichleftHavreonthe13th, rov.',andreachClevelandonTuesday-morninsr,ona calledi^m^^K^i^^^a^^^ie^i^^^SS^^^Thealarminthe'SecondDistrict,yesterday'after-"V ^fS^^%^^^°®^?!^ of t^ep'ousJob,'hsnrtexistedin•.South^eastenrKansasforsomeyeare, noon,provedtobefalse, • t%wad Cowm tstH p. w. on the 14th ia«t», paaeed Cape visit to Senator Wade. . N . Mr. Burch to goto Europe^ for two or tlurecrmonths''( euffering under thernainnationsand censures of his"pre^and -jvhicb liave recently broke, out afresh, will be riRK is XAsr >*ocRf EJUTTJI 'mart—»oat 3ta*ea*9p.'m.-yeeterday,whereshe*waa,interceptedMostofthetimeofMr.LincolnhasbeenabsorbedforthebenefitofMBhealth. tended'fi%nd8;';vthathis"adversaiy•hadwrittewafonnefffltheexistenceofaconspiracytointroducea .HOT-AfKiTRIfACE^-. mM^«$£>*l y the nevrit-yacht of the Kew-York Associated Pretw. here by four or live men, who claim to own him, and have greatly annoyed both Mr. Jincoln and Mr. Ham-TTbe A»«go hn» 1K>paHjen-ftra, and JJ00 tnns of freight,-for^fi^Ycrk, and reports having experienced .wester-ly wind* nw*t of the passage. She will be due at New- Rotinson of IHttsburgh, Pa., have performed the part was worth more than $160,000; I don't know for cer- which were to be adduced in favor of it expressed in Prp-Slaverj'party isad the Federal Administration to boarding-house* It appears that about 0 o'clock iw th*yorfc on Monday nii<ht.of suite to the President elect. tain, hut 1 believe all his property was conveyed; I Mack and white; False as he.believed its interpreta- Prominent gentlemen have been here to see Mr. Lin- was agitated at the time I told Mrs. Burch «he was to tion of Scrijyfure and philosophy to be, he believed it coln and Mr. Hamlin on important-business concerning sign away her right of dower to the propertv^she would do nnlch good;. for the excitement of thougut- onevening, ah unusual smoke was discovered etnanatintrCross-examination—The bond or deed witnessdd by 'book." He desired to acknowledge his oblr^ations to me on Monday conveyed alrthe real estate belonging Dr. Thompobn in the Tabernacle for the servistrhe had to Mr. Burch and held in lus name to Henry I \ Far done toirellgious truth by presenting the docfirine; ofSlave S«a?tc bv^tween Kansas and the Cherokee country.night, was caused by the bteaking out of a fire in tb«ilin with persistent invitations to dinner.Robert Sebenck and Dion Piatt of Ohio and Gen. nnm,in consideration-of $l,O0O;;'the property cohvoved Eternal Punishment in a book, with all the reason* Kansas wonld be free in spite of, all the efforts of the Place, occupied by Mrs. M. A. BeBIngcr' jfe tC'pnl.lic affaira, and left without accomplishing their.ob- said, "that'sail right;" Mrs. Burch was erring this subject never had but one tendency. Dr. Thomp- regard to the lastda in Sonthern Kansas—it was iJt first beam* in the basement floor nefl.r the regisfe!4, cwihiwrt. It is reported that the settlement of nca>Luitiomi-has jeet. I^ne woujd not dance attendance, and others while I executed the deed; the deed was in Mr. Burgh's son took upon himself the modest, task of showing that gr?en out thatthaee' lands were open for settle urcnt, ing with the hot-air foroace, were on 3re. ScverarefCHINA.beerdelayed on a qn^tion of money and unity of un- were diegnsted with 'eorttan wirroundings through writing; I. did not «ce.any person but Mr. and "Mrs. tho miseries of hell flowed directly from the Divine the boarders were notified of the fact, and byroeaaadenttaading.whirh tbey> would have to pasa before reaching 3Ir. Burch and Fanny Burch when firat I went into the benevolence, and were the fruits*of Infinite Lov^,. but when it was dztcovered? that most of the settlers in of a few pails of water tfiey succeeded as was thought-.•Lincoln. . . library; Mr. Burch called hit) wife; Iheard her crying; that millionsrbn millions of our race were created b)*' that region were thorough Fisse StaJe me»rthe poiiay of at the time in extingitiBTdng the flamea.To-day Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Hamlin attended tha >he would not come down; I went up and ea\v 6God, whose existence he foresaw would be an endless the Government wa6-change£ It,vras diwtovered that*n»e-*altied army -wa* marching on Pekin, \vhere.Sang-Kee-Lnsin had a h.rge force to defend the city." St. James Episcopal Church, with Issac N. Arnold, her on the top of the stairs; Mr. Burch went doAvninto torture, and that Infinite Goodness was the executionerA111.-15 o'clock, however, the 'fire again broke oof,making ita appearance this time on the first floor. A Xiord Elgin wan to f«lk>w the troops Sept. 9. J. Y. Scammom, Member elect to the State. Legisla- deed conveying the property; she wrote on the bannis- this enKgbtehed age to refute such propositions, but it body of isettlers notified to leave. And more- recently young doctor who was visiting the house, and who hadMember of CongVefB elect, and afterwanl dined with the hall; it'w»s there that Mrs. Burch acknowledged the of these .tortures. It might seem a waste of time in a mistake in the lioundary had«bech niede, aad a'ifergeThe army reached Yang-T«in-Yeh on tl»e 10th! The ture. ters ; I"don t.know how she got the pen and ink ;.she hadcoolies were deserting. It i f considered w-ttled that Illinois will not have a a ten in her hand before she signed the deed; on Tues- twelve centuries the doctrine)of the Church, by whomtn number of friend* in an engine company near theirhomeshavebeendcatroyedVbyFederal'authority, fry,ran,andnotifiedthem,andinalittletimethereaf-f and the adjoining lands, upon whrch the 3ettleri?.had an tc*all the firemen of the•district were on the gfound.nnquestioned right,foreed'into' market at a time-when In order to save themselves from being deluged, th*the inhabitants were on the-point-of starvation, feuow- boarders bolt2dand barred the doors against most jo€ the firemen, and, witli a dozen pails of water, extin-Cabinet officer; and thh* pleases the rank and file, who Two thousand troops were to be left at Tien-tsin to would otherwise be sacrificed.yotectat from the reWh«. who were niaetive.At Canton trade was*obetrncted by the rebel*. It-was rrrmored in London that the British Coyeru-JVeadi Embassador* and the Emperor of China; bat r The entire People's Reform ticket for municipal offi- versation with me, at? near as possible, in her own thought, and give the clergy-more power. Few saw Fort Scott. In the meantime, these raids bythePrcv- "wne-flenerafly believed that ©overnment wonld not cers fortbie city is elected bv majorities ranging > from words: I did not commit them, to memory; I told Mr. its deformities or felt its terribleness. Even our author Slavery rufliana on the border of Miascnri, tipon them*nt had received ..tti«Ul dispatches from China tha:Cn.li£\>rviizt.day morning, when I went to get the defendant's ac- it was borrowed from previous, heathendom. Believe knowledgement of the confession, she was calm; I do or be damned was the doctrine upon which the powerpress which arrived here this evening:' Tuesday; she was cheerful; she did not sign eitheT holy,' pious, and virtuous. By the Church it was of toil in their improvemei t, and the lands pa«a rato52TsI860. peace-badbeenconcludedatPokinbytheBagh'Bhand SANFRANCISCO,NOV.10.i860.paperinmypreeence;IhavegivenMrs.Bnrch'scon-"thought'topromotepietyand"virtue,suppressfreethehandsofspeculatorswhoseheadquartersareatTROWBLESRENEWEDINSOUTHERN> sv;thhokl r»l officers •pm*«nta are. rdinance of 11retrae to aether ttrt> ; not.» wiB n o t . iaePrrei-witiiield sBclvroteitigprnoR.COOto 4,000. This is the fiftfi time the Reform govern- Burch a few days after, that,his wife had virtmiHv con- gave no notion of-ever haying formed an idea of end-•ment, which^ was inaugurated by the Vigilance Com- fessed her crime to me; I did not tell him what she. Tess. punishment. .He spoke of it under pleasant eu-. Free State meTof Kansas, have been kept up, in ordermittee of 1856. has been indorsed, and the "majorities said;•I think I amy have said to somebody that she ac- pbemisnisVand tnlke<l of it as be might of a moonlit war to driveout or 4tkill off" as many Free State settlers just given are larger than ever before. knowledged that Stuart bad ruined her; I didnot tell terfall'and a placid lake below. Men now-a-days as possible, and"renderlife and property insecure, so asKANSAS.MONTGOMEiiY IN THE FIELD WITH 150 AKMEiy MES.; FORT SCOTT PROBABLY TAKKS. From TJie J^OTtr.vwrth Timet, Kov. 21.Mrs. Burch's writing on it; the words were, "monami—they are all going to the theater to-night. Do youunderstand?" There was more on the card, .but.Idon't remember what it was; during my visit to. Chi-cago, from December, 1858, to July, 1859, I dnly.re-nieniber seeing Stuart once at the house; Mrs. Burchhas told me that she thought Stuart a fascinating man,but her sister, Mrs. Priryne, told her he was a badman, and not to have anything to say to him; I don'trecollect ever tellingBurfill about the incident betweening Dr. Thompson's proposition. The first was, that God did not create our race for this purpose. Even the Assembly catechism contained this one truth, that the chief end of man was to glorify God, and enjoyhim forever. The second was, that the Bible taught that God loved sinners, desired that they should 'be virtuous and happy, declared that He had no pleasure even in the temporal death of anjr, and, finally, that He ia not willing that any Would perish, but all have everlasting, life. What was, indeed, the Gospel butthe building^ on Warren street, and to the building ad- street. The flames burst furiously forth from the up-ful owner. >Jki ',...:•'in Salt L«k« City in three davs and four hours—-dis- she sat forward on'the chair and the back was not di- ditional evil." Sin, and the punishment of-sin, are tance, 050 miles. The last 4b miles were made in rectlv toward the door. In relation to the card with permitted in the development and education of moral three hours and ten minutes, and theee 45 miles of the the writing, she (witness) could not say what day she powers: They are not necessary, but merely inci- route are the most mountainous of the whole road. The found it; she did not know what became of it: I re-•.regular pony express, leaving St. Joseph on the 8th member saying once to Burrill, "You do wrong to depot U> see the expedition ofl", and much interest'and in.-a., arrived' at Salt Lake—distance, 1,200 miles—in carrv messages between Stuart and Mrs. Burch; nowSome three or four thousand peopk a?&-mbled at th*- cuthuik'sm were manifcrtted.Xlie K a n s a x S u f f e r e r s . «3kc. BOSTON", Saturday, Nov. 21,186V).The Hon. Amos A. Lawrence presided at a meeting in Tremont Temple last night in aid of Kansas.Speeches were made, and a Committee was appoint- ^^ed to solicit subscriptions. , .MayorGreeneofCambridgehasbeennominated by the citizens for reflection.lour daye and twenty-three hours. It had been snow- would vou feel if a man showed so much interest inpossibilitv of ain, with such creatures as we, holinessitself would be impossible. And though the possibil-ity of sin must alwavs remain, to make obedience it-ing for thirty-nix'hours when the Pony left Salt Lakeyour wife as he does in her?" he replied, " I would ehoot him dead;" I have spoken to Mrs, Burrill on the subject; I wrote to Mrs. Burch last Novem- ber telling her all I had said to Burrill. [Witness re-self virtuous and praiseworthy; yet sin, as a fact; country companies.AI.«ANr, N. Y., Nov. 25, 1S60. ination elifited the fact that Stuart^ visits were nearlySIXTH 1»AY. ;':'•"'«.'..•even the friend of His creatures, but, having changed His nature, has become their implacable foe. But to believe this, is at war both with the Bible and all that we know of the great and good Being, who made usheatera connecting with the hot-air furnaces used for warming the buildings. ."de*t to postpone the land sales, and undercover of tm» •feteling it "was their intention to seize upon the Land •Office .and destroy % Thoy may also- have design* , ^NAPIKI:VM.I.K, 111, Saturday,, Nov. 24, i860. On the opening of the Court John K. .Valentine, partner of Mr. Burch, was bworn—Was at complain- ant'K house on the 16tb of January; took an ac:uiowl- ed-meiit of a deed in the usual manner: have but an indistinet rerolleetion of what took place, being a good dc-Ml hho*ke<i; aimply remember that Miv. Burch asked me t«> ph'f.d for her; she said she had been very wick-Mondav mortiing. ••;-~:.i —•ScpfRxssiNG SUNDAY LIQUOK-SKM.INC—OnSaturFIRK IK KK0O.UK STKRET..At 6 o'clock yesterday morning a fire occurred in the .Government stores, arras, and ammunition. Nothing— 5dispone of intoxicating beverages the police are to av-\ ACCIDENT ON TIIK HARLEM RAILKOAI/.—On Thurs-rest them, that the proper legal proceedings maybe day evening last, a serious accident occurred on thetaken for their punishment. The Superintendent has' Harlem Railroad. The regular freight train down,received eo many complaints against Sunday liquor- which arrived atFordham at 7 p.m., was standing on dealers that he is reeolved to put an effectual stop to the track; an extra freight train following it five min-the violation of the law. Yesterday the.notifications of utes later, although all the usual signals were dis-the police were very generally complied with, and the played, and the second train was moving so slowly that all the pereons on it were enabled to step off, ranconsequence was much fewer arrests were made for into,the first, and literally mashed it to pieces. Thedown toJ&wfcBeolt. Tho MarsbiJ- had $3,000 in biir ^ ;198 West Thirty-sixth street, where theatrical per-possd that thronlgh his negligent the flie wasooea- annecessary excitement ou the subject, howe^ /w sioncd. "He was locked up.to aw&it the action bftthe should: be repreesedj or it may be impossible to ^Wt •'formances were in progress before a large audience ofinto au adjoining lot, where he lay for a time insensi-ble. Recovering himself a little, he managed to reach Fire Marshal. • •• ^ : where the difficulty will end. By prompt actio a onSiifhtdraft*onNew-YorkareVeryscarce,andrange Burchweptbitterlyduring'thistime;shortlyafter, slyfehby ^^^fcJ^TtViTlvenercentpremium-MawourifundsshetoldmeshehadseenStuartpa*sthewindowthathot rjphiinuSet.'-and bypu«*lion of* '|ioiarionof yremimafortheaamef^nda.m Isaid""0&,thatHorridman!thouawfulman!Iwish tram..Themelancho^vterminationof.'•whatwasex-wascensedbytheburningofaheapofcoaliutherearup.^ i f f c S . 1 2 5 w J S i S ^ ?tirrenc>' sell at three per day with u young lady, and entreated me to warn theattered so as to be scarcely recognisable, the.noaewill he given at the Brooklyn Atheiueum on Wodnes- being cut off and hanging, ana one ear entirely gone. he aucreeded in extinguishing the fiamtaui^t&blaWrf t m^andgold> is a t sixpercentvoting lady's parents, or he would ruin her; »he thendav 25th. There was a little party at Mr. Kelly's that evening, FIRE IS linOADWAY.and it was to be preaen*, at it that he-took the freight The alarm in the Seventh BlRtrict on Saturday night.tteatioU;iactdled.. ,•::-• ..'"••'Untitled Documentrecoscry..'-'" idamagewnaictonetothebuildiug,.* .wasaveryolddoctrine-ithadbeenformorethannot know when Mr. Burch left home; on that day I pave him the paper after I had attested it; I think Mr.Burch left,with me; the defendant was in the samp the Catholic The pagans used it to govern women pelled to leave their homes, after haying spent y*ars Insured in the Howard Insurance Company. The following "is additional news . by the Pony Ex- chamber as at first when I went in the afternoon on and the^ gross body of the people, and to keep, them. F r o n tST. JOSEPH, Mo., Nov. 23, I860.of the 'Roman'.Catholic'Church' was founded. OurProtestant Church received this darling doctrine from ing that hundreds of the se&iera wc=uld thus be win-, guished the fixmesv Damage about $100- Said to beForsoma-timepattwehavebeenpublishingreports A strenuons effort was made by the. Democrats in. from the southern portion of the Territory, which indi- >:•'• Counsel heiebanded to witness a book, requestingrespeefceOjand popular clergyman, the pastor of a! very the Wvandot Convention, to include Southern Nebraska 'cated that serious troable was brewing m that qnarter. him to read a. single sentence, which be did. Counsel prominent congiegation, and an editor of porhtips the as far aa the Platte River in the proposed State of Our accounts were from varioua sources, and we have then took back the book, and requested the witness to niofet popnlar religious journal in the world. The book Kansas, with the view of cutting off this region from given them without cemment," because we have pre- Partial election returns have been received from repeat the wcrds to Mrs. Bnrch, and the witness could came with Strong recommendation, and might fairly be ferred to wait for full advices ajrto the cause of the dif-three southern counties, with the following result: not repeat a single word. [Laughter in Court.] taken aa'the best thing which could be said for'this the South, as well,, probably as to retard the admission ficulties and thei^ true nature,.before expressing our >'. " JacksonCouutv—Breckinridge,672;Douglas,399? Witness.resumed—-The;conversationwithMrs. doctrine.Thebookwaseminentlyworthy,therefore, ofNebraskaasafreeState.ThiswasalsoSenator viewsthereon: Wehave'now;fl^rt.herandmoredefi- Lincoln, 377. Douglas,County—Majority for Breck- Barelywhen writl.en, occupied several pages; ,1 don't of the attention of Universaiists, who were not gener- Green's policy for changing the boimdaiy of Kansas, nite intelligence from the locality* In questionthan hacroe,special *>onjhonthe12tb,shortofcoals. inridge,200.,JoKrphrneCbuafy—MajorityforBreck-knewhowIrecollecttheexactwordsof•Mrs.Bui-ch;allyveryreverentialtowardthedoctrine,however,yetbeengiventothepublic*;J\' Our readers are familiar with the transactions in. which Montgotnerv and his men played so prominent a part in '57-'58. The Amnesty Art, which was passeds.•<-u that the p had n>H crp*?n secea- tey did not uiborifcy t o icTilly voted o of 18&1, attempt t o •p!-.Tho se, with the> aSiow their-this- week,irrsianding and of de-"OX.if the <**-ai auspice* tthority or tfc<« incoin- gout placedtb* Post- Merbat <fcsr.?*am«rs, resent law, bat both1 yield, so sate.aanagers of 'Hon .State* fores ia a« : QfcW gu*r_ja&y get:, Und the j aear ap-24, I860!.ori severalThe Squadron with the Prince of Wale* on board steamer Souora, which sailed for Panama on the 10th were, but said it was a confession;, in 1859 Mr,' Burch vanced b y Chapin" and Beecher, and theSteamship City of/Washington arrived at Queen«- town on the 13th.inridge, 300. This is niriexpectedlv favorable to Breck- when Fanhy and myself witnessed the papers," both popular and useful it might be. The book seemed to aa fixed by her Constitution. His amendment pro- inridge.. •. sheets were turned down, so that wo could not seethe nave had in view some things which had appeared in posed to extend the northern boundary to the Platte JThe following is the list of cabin passengers by the contents; Mr. Burch did not tell me what the contents The Atlantic .Monthly, some o f the views ad- River, and the western so as to take in the Pike'sBokard,TJ. S. A.; \ \ . B. Parviell. Cupf. Floyd Jonoh. U. S. A.;J.Caldwell,l>r.Robe,H.Y.Gould.M.Stone,FrankSteven.-*.11.forty-six.thousanddollars.[Nothing'further;ofim-'tir>n..Heseldomorneverquotedfromtheirwritingsthemhere,and,perhaps,nonebut,oneasfamiliaraaIunfortnaatestrugglesin••theearjyhistor}-oftheTer-•,tier, ^ffevcral speeches were made by officers.' Chancey. Mru. Rill, Col. Lander, V. S. A. and watton-roftd expe- Quite a number of recruits outside of the companies dition : _\V"alter Eriaco*, do.;. Wm. Rinchel, do.~: Jno. Bnrch, d<>.; \V. .^Vcat, ,do.: Mr. Snyder, do.; E. Robinxou, J. BLDrrv-e*- and '.wo children, C. B»rher, and 215 others in the ateer- ase. 'FOKT Ki~\UNKY, Nov. 25, I860. TI e Pr>r.v Express, from San Francisco 14th instant,passed here about 4 o'clock this afternoon. Consider-tailed her several visits to Chicago;.her meetings with Stuart and other minor events; she. believed .Stuart's visits to the house were more frequent when Mr. Bnrch was awav at the East;, she recollected that on due occasion she went into the library while Mrs. Burch and Stuart were there, to get a pin to pin up asteady effort to tame the horrid doctrine till it could]K>rtrmce wa,s elicited up to the adiournment at noon.] ' . . A+-TI:RNOOX SESSION.or opinions while he professedly devoted himself to rit-orv, and, at first, the divisions of the contendingthe refutation of people who had no existence^.(Or am with the whole history of these Kansas difficulties,enrolled themselves for {he campaign. The brigade, Hunt, aon and wifn, Mr. Harding. John Roberts, Mr». Helen . Marv Spaulding was sworn. This wiipess-ia a thin, of opinions too ridiculous or too little known\ to would fully appreciate thein. , , of the l>order warfare, rascals of all'kinds arrayedabonf600strong,w;l!leaveat10o'clockto-morrowby.Teldtnandinfant,J.H.Duncun.wifeandfaBrilv;Hen-syaredady,withratherprominentfeatures;'Shehasdemandnotice.Butthebookwasnotwitb,- ThavelivedinKansasnownearlysixyears,and.themselvesaroundeachbannerand,underthecover...rietta Tllman and two infants, L. C. Bamne, Jno." Harhin,' light hair and light grey eyes, and dresses plainly. •out a •.sufficient reason, not without a pressingof Free State o'r Pro-Slaveiy movements, indulged .their pronensities for plunder and every species of vil- lainy. Captain Montgomery bad attached a lot of such characters to himself, out when pence was restored, it was believed that he would dissolve allfurt her connec-tion with them. , . -Lately he seems to ljave been engaged in organiaring them into a company, aad adding thereto a large num- ber of honest but "misguided men, who had Buffered , personally or through their frienda fronrthe outrage* of the Boj-der Kuliians, and were animated by a fa- natical zeal in opposition to everything Pro-Slavery.of the association of her name \^th*complainaot'!H,ia' to-invigorate the faith, of Christians than to refutethe gossip attendant upon the case. The witness de- " rationalifjtic infidelity." Its quiet manner, the land that acquaintance leads me to believe that he hasThe latest information received here from Fort Scottshows that up to Tuesday night no demonstration hadi>een made there. If i* tbonght here that/the object ofCapt. Montgomery is only to drive oiF t?ome obnoxioussettleVs. and that be has no. intention of molesting theGovernment officers at Fort Scott or of invadhigMi**0'.:ri. "Hi» original )u».nd hns probably been largelv news as follows: her (witness) on the arm; she had on short .-sleeves;. parentaleharacter of God: or, in plainer words, God, FIRES.ing the 8now and bad weather in the mountains, this ismaking -good time. By this arrival we have Pacific torn flounce; while she was doing this, Stuart kissed ment of the wicked was in entire harmony with, thejudgment on theee Border-Rnffian repbrta till I hear the KANSAS.SAN- FKAN-CISCO, NOV. 11, I860. dnriirg Stuart'sA-isits, while Mv. Burch was in town, lis a loving father, can with perfect propriety torment Teenforcedbymenre^enilydrivenfromtheNew-York •ThePresidentialelectionreturnsstilllackfiveovhe(Stuart)geircrallyremainedtillMr.BnrchcameWithoutendhisownsinfulchildren.,•OurauthorgaveSeveral months ago, Montgomery returned from a DESTRUCTIVE FIRfi I X WARRKX, ..MURRAY AM) trip to the Eastern States; where he was "engaged inseem ebneonant with the Divine character, showed' nothing of this recent .outbreak except what I see in t hat it/waftdntended to .revive the faith of his own de-nomination; it was designed for home consumption.The task to which Dr. Thompson addressed'himselfwas to show that the doctrine of the eternal punish- other side.dental in the government of free beings. Without thefifth fioorfl of building corner of Murray and Church streets, abcut ^.WiO-.O. Rally insured.Loss on. stock of Johnston, Shepherd L. Saunders, importers of dry j»oodx, on first floor, of No-. 27 Murray street and No. 31 War- ren street, about $50,000. Insured for $123,000 in city saidand made a flaming speech, in which he cBclnred that his object, was to free the negroes along the Missouri and Arkansas borders, and that he would extend hia operations down to Texas, and assiat the Free State men who wore driven out of that State. He said he was not doing the bidding of -any party—that he be- longed neither to'the Democrats" nor the Bepublicans, and that the latter might as well understand that he asked no favor at their hands, and that he was an Abolitionist. He announced his determination to drive out of• the Territory all who opposed him, no matter what party thev were members or.. .Montgomery Tbas now an eq uipped and mounted gang of 150 men. "They are armed ea«h with a rifle, twoof Colt's large-sir.ed navy revolvers, and' a sabre, and they thus constitute a splendid fighting corpa, fully post*d'in every species of guerilla tactics.Yesterday, "intelligence reached this- city that they were preparing for an attack upon Foil Scott. They have taken advantage of the indignation of the peopleNew -York, but uo assistance was afforded him by theThis plat? wasaVmed goon after it became evident thatbuilding No. 28 East Fourteenth atn>cf, near Universitymake it a Slaye States / from the lower part of the premises, and, upon looking •This will aoeonnt for the policy of the Goverrrfneut in after the cause, the servants found that some of thetodeterothersfromcoming. „•.;' •';.I have aome acquaintance with Capt. Montgomery,the papers. But my experience causes me to suspendfor gain; and theother, that Hiries was a respectable Dr. SawYer proceeded to give his reasons for deny- joining, which also extended through from street to citizen, and that lie merely returned a elaveto n& right-per windows on Church street, jeooarding the stores The samo-crowd who were guilty of this utajaatSfia- on the opposite side of the way. The telegraph wires ble outrage, then proceeded to make further arresti.were broken down, and the railroad track so covered with ice and rubbish as to bar the,passage of the Sixth and Eighth avenue cars.They went to Mapleton. and arrested the Postmasterthere, for his complicity in some trial which took place in'57 or'58. They acquitted bim, and then turned their attention to two persons named Smith and Moore, who were sleeping together at the hotel! The former gave himself up to them immediately, but the latterLoss of Stone & Co., occupyinjt the oee.ond, third, fourth, and' on Thursday Montgomery appeared at JCpnnd City,upon the records of the United Stiitea Courts, and the . , . , police captains and directed them to notify all liquor- means to save Himself from dishonor and defeat. I old frame tenement No. 25G Bioome street, occupied by- 'would be easier than for thsm to ae<!OmpKsh their pur- _day last Air. Superintendent Kennedy convened his for his pleasure, and who has both the will and the.can hardly conceive it possible for any one', not abso- Mrs. Morris as a bake shop, and Mr„ Kahraer as a dealers to keep their places closed on Sunday hereafter. lutely insane, to set forth a proposition more utterly bakery. The damage is immaterial. Mrs. Mo'rra iaAt 7 o'clock yesterday morninga fire occuvred in the japartments of John Opi'er, on th^second floor of thetenement house rear of No. 181 Orchard street, whichWas probably .caused by two boys who had beeii leftin the room playing with matches. Tho boys were to h a \ a been tiken on Sunday night lasi.rescued in an insensible condition, but yrere subs'squent* Marthal..Colby :uid Mr. Rica of this place have gone « ly restored.at an early moment, and aoon extinguiuhed. Bot'littla- b<> the source of these outbreaks. Nothing can b ^ third street. Mr. Kelly was thrown by the concussion drunken man nauied Sauce in the pluse, and Jt is auap- w s of them should Bp*>*diry be brought to justice. / ±nA young man niuned Patrick McOulvlj was mm ove? the part of the proper authorities, the disturber^ canYesterday inorriing at-'3 o'clock Officer B# Cords' of yetterdav, and vill be bore tc^day. Mixrshal Co3by"-Third avenue. With.the assistance of OflLoer Tower gence, raying that llofltogle wffl 8>v\\tuJU. panicuWw*.-*WcriCK o ^ The alarm in the Fourth District at' l i j o'clock tstct-parties were purely political ones. But inthe progresBAt oiur latest advices f>om Fort.Scott, Crawford, Mc- . i*• v Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069-www.fultonhistory.comIll•; && & /• .—^SSEBBHRHiminimurn i ^ 