 HRAYMOND ~Timt*. Witim—Courierand Enquirer. Bcveraldtyubeorethemeet-thetruthofthigposition.On,ingoftheConvention;andhoThurKdaynighUwe spentu dt'volod e^ery hour of the in-coiiHidemblotime in the room terval to tie m<ii|t Hteudyand occupied by the delegates from relentless prosecution o f t h e New-Hampshire; each a n dIN2I&&9I.FIRE-PROOF SAFES.STXAJUTS k ii.Ax.rm,No. 335Broadway,oor.Worth-at,N.Y.GROVER <fc BAKER'S NOISELESSPAXILT SKWixi.-MiCni.vw. TUB BXST IX Us*.No. 495 Broadway, New-York.No. 132 Fulton-st., Brooklyn.SEWING-MACHINES.—GEORGEB.SLOAT& Co'sCnxxxKA-ncp E u j n r i c LOCK-STITCH ANI> SMVTTT.X SXWINO- MACHiNit-. G. H . COLLINS, NO. 4tf0 Broadway^honestly due to those claimants; but we do know that the account should have been audited and set-—Gifn. Wei >'s statement is here true, so far as by his present assumption of sackcloth to forget•—It does seem to me that the General was a trifle too fastidious in this juncture—that, having made the broad assertion as to what he "knew,"—saidColumbia?' In this call, the Secessionists are charged with the "A. I do not stand to-day pledged to the abolition of design, n o t merely of destroying the Democratic8ir;£le| individual bone, without tho payment tothe sjftxton, in ready cash, of twenty-five dollars.r"Nolash, no corpse!" said the inflexible Jack,rendered firm by his great age and the cherishedw.hi|ky bottle. But the heirs, executors, ad-i..' M r .Peat-Office, sbr*1 assessments f•"BARRY'STRICOPHEROUS is the best and cheapest within the reach of proper exertions on the part of quent ballot Mr. S<ward would have received the united votes against the. admission of a new State into the Union Montgomery on the 4th of June, the same day Mtticl*forDressing,Beaatifying,Cleansinfr,Curling,Preserving, ofniltheEatiteru.StatesexceptConnwufl^andpartofRhode withsuchaConstitution'asthopeopleofthatStateDonojgh appeared, and proceededfco dig up what liCustom-liouke also t , thus proving that th Yard,Post-ffficl..s.ifor Lanivnoss and Sprains, and couudently recommend it to the and violently assailed for my course at Chicago, as punctilio. Besides, he had only to apply to slave-trade between the different States. have issued a call for the reassembling at Baton in, that light, and insisted upon having the dustt,having any National reputation, including Gov.j<ments; and I have a housebreaker for him.* it. Itisasubject]towhichIhavenotgiventhatma- 'ynr complimentstoMr.Pollard; &adwehavea$x&intse JXattetz.'••.FAmBANKS* STAKI>AJU> SCAUES.Ai>Arnu> TO jtywor BKA.VCK or Bwmas. WAKKHOCSX, No. 129 BKOADITAT, N. T.ZKPHVR MERINO UNCEKOARMKNTSforWAXI WKATHBR. /Agreataa»ortn>*ntatLow.**Pric*«.A. RA.VKXN k Co., No. 96 Bowery.SOGERS & KAYMOND'S* SpringStockofBOTJ»' SCROOfc ASP DKMH CtOTMIXO.No. 214Broadway, under tho 2Uu*eum, COXfKlUU:Boy*' 7»»bionab1o Ov«<T-W©ax. Boy»' Drawing-Room Sniu.Boy»' Clothing for tho Country. Boya* »ub*taisii»l Everyday Soft*. Small Boys' Fancy Clothing.Il^ajiTftiljme' MONDAY, MAY 28,1860.than fife yeJTM, and hare of oonrse onlr a genqral L._"le •!._•::_*^ii T:1.I:J ErdM^TM«i<»"«tiomfi-om ,Texas, coneocte hi Micliigan,Imr^ewa;^ ; i ^*i$Jj&^^justified hs rilgh and Nature, t ni church starid i,yits members out seeming if this view of t. T h e Demo< lishing tlie f Lincoln ih a J858: i,"I nov»>rfhiJi.-h afldthrowm{*«<;le i inrstlc inaticbtionajIn order thJ1 eh?ctioneerinc: ; side, w e Will exjtsentence «f wbfii •j"JndR* HO'pa* I*•jnot.t abfr anri-iTrz'-::'^ thkt while J pad p- >t J.jxM-vMrtheifHx-: rh'i i•fhlrow ml»?ite»'jiatc, I 5n*titatiojin.1'.! When it'is thecanvass to here-exposed, rj Lying of this d»-*ljust before!the-THEi IJJ MAGNET' '1| Fro-Special DUpatch to ThTillPatrick Committe CarpenterOn accouGrice washim a certjificat'• < ferred towas appoiicratic Cor|]pi]itt.-e ^ffice hold pay$100 arbitrarilyand a re'u> lectorBak&fjw;missal.This system|hail!Pierce or ai provt-d that Jcer in Philale makes his < ffi had a clerk lp andmerelya*4> salary in addition]'Pat. Lafltrivwrong delegates.hwasreport* !.: l •lently telegraph Would be r tad i)<\ who professhead off, wh ilch ii* turning hoin)Togwthrr with BOTH' Furnishing Gooda, fcc. A splendid *tock Swing Clothing'for Ontl*uw>n, Gontlonicn'a Form*Magsubject of Slavery: To which is udded the Hon. JAMKS R. DOO- XJTTUC'S vindication of tho Republicans of Wisconsin from tho charge o f Nullification.thithor—t] e deleat o f G o v . declared that KSr. Sewurd was;Seward. I c labored personally their firnt choice', and the choiceCartter of Ohio, the three Blairs, Govs. Dennison of Ohio, Kirkwood of Iowa, Ramsey of Minnesota, and the Governors expectant of Pennsylvania and Indiana, being decidedly, immovably adverse to such nomination. In view of these and tindred facts, the omnipotence accorded to my efforts]would be absurd ifitwerenotmalicious. Itis,infact,akeenhunofGoods, and of Cloth*. Ca«*draere». Y>»tf:ig», kc, kc, In th o Or- der Department. One price, and no abatement.with delof stes at [they arrived of the people of their State, but—commei uing Hinaelf always that they, had •been made toto their c >nridcnce b y profes- doubt tho poHsi'lility of Ws elec-sions of regard nud the most tion. We reasoned with themzealous iiendxbln for Gov. tothebentof'ourabilityagainstSeward, 1, ut prejiinting defeat, any such absWhity, fot sucheuen in iVtic-1 <)rk, as, the we considered itf,'and finidlyinevitableresultofhis nomina-suggestedwhetheritwisnotEmbassy will probably leavo Washington for the ion. bad policy tojoopuxd thetiiirty- for dead men's shoes—the oration of Antony overRO'.KK.H &. KATXO.VD.No. 214Broadway,/ AndNo*.121.U*.«*<IgS *""<>"•**•UNDERGARMENTSFor WarmWeather. Elastic.Durable,andUnahrinkabl-.All andquaJitlea. Call, examine, and <*?ip*rt>. A.RANKINkCo.,No.96Bowery.SUMMER.We beg attention to the fact that our stock o f f t TM * * * C^OTK- rs© i» now ready. It embraces all the latest and most desirable fabrics of thi* and the foreign markets, which are scotten up withtrade, notwithstanding the acknowledged superiority of our make and style. DKTMX. HCPSOX k Co.SUPERIOR DRESS SHIRTS T O ORDER,.Manufactured by S. A. HVTCHIXSIOX, And a perfect fit guaranteed, a tUWJOX ADAMS'S, NO. 637 Broadway.FANS—PARIS FANS.—New and beautiful stylesfast reoeiTed. Also, POKTO-MOXXAIM, CARP CASKS, ice., for gaXo by OxoRiiK C AUJtS,No. 415 Broadway, one door below Canal -at.CARPETS.—The rush still continued atLANDON'sfamous Store, No. 374 Hudson*st: No wonder. He sells elegant Tapeatry Biraaaels a t b,t>'ii>7/ per yard: Three-ply. 7/6; xuper-Price, per copy, 4 cents; per dozen, 25 cents; per 100, $ 1 2 5 ; per 1,000, $10. If by. mail, one cent each must boprepaid.all the Usto and rtyle of our well-known manufacture.We are in receipt of late importations of all Uomrable KCR-Notwithstanding the weather was rery inclem- But iti« perfectly; safe tosay They,hootedatthe idea of en- the Senate next Winter—that he will refuse any Columbia." •fine Ingrain, 5 / ; handsome do., 2/ t>'a>3/ ; Oilcloths, a n y width, general attention. W e d o not know how^much i sBAI^OTIMOliJE AIYI> R I C H M O N D . Steps are m progress at the South to meet the it gces,:. He and others undertook to frighten the that no man has more steadily, systematically, emergency occasioned by the Charleston secession,•written a letter in which he takes the same ground spiritless style of existence. When scoundrels a series of interrogatories relating to all the va- with Stephens, viz: that tho Democratic party is rij-blbed Jack of his money, he went for consolation^WHRELER &.WILSON'S SEWING-MACHINES.-Wepreferthem"forfamilyuse."—[Tribune." Xhey axe the favorites for families. —[Times.Office, No. 505 Broadway, New-York.Wuxcox 4t GiBBS'S SKWING-MACHINE. •*Is a pnbBc benefaction."—[Boston Transcript.MR.JJLNCOtiKmOPINIONS.villeonthe4thofJune. AtAugusta,adelegationresolution h a s been adopted in favor o f sending The Crescent poetically describes this sable solitaryMIspreeminentlyadaptedtofamilyuse."-£[Ptftt. Eve.Jour. tom-houseatBuenventura,anddeclaredthoState Price $ 3 0 . Salesroom No. 5»S Broadway^ opp. St. Nicholas. independent of the Federal Government. The U .• f—— * •>—.FlNKLE So LYON'S SEWTNG-MACHINES—War- S. steamer Wyoming had been ordered to Callao, ranted t o give better satisfaction than a n y other Sewing-Ma-chine* in market, or money refunded. Agents wanted throughout roi aid our Minister in his demands upon Peru in the United States and Canada*. Office No. 58U Broadway.FI.VKLK ic Lrojf SKWING Co. $he ease of the ships Lizzie Thompson and Geor-SOMETHINGNEW.—AHEMMER,TUCKER,FEL- giiina.We are able to answer the question without dif- of sending delegates to Richmond alfo, or of au- Mthe frog, hoot of the owl, chirp of the- cricket,XXR, B i x n x x a n d GAHOX combined, just patented. Simple, henuning any width and thickness of cloth, either side, applied to any ?ewis a-machine by any oso in a few minutes.RETAIL PRICX $ 5 : LIBXKAL DISCUCXT TO TMR TKAPK. Orders by mail supptied. postage paid. Complete instructionsgowitheveryHemmer.Sendfoxacircular.A lso, UNIVERSAL BO*OX-FOLPKK A S P SKLP-MARKXR, forLIBUT.-GOV. KATIT10I\l>-O«:iY. ^iTpBB. '• T O REPUBLICANS.I.insistthat-i^bedistinctlyunderstoodonall thands that the newspaper feuds resulting fromthe«,us that he -mo e favored than the Seward neo- ditional explanations upon some of them. This phyte Raymoiid—knew all about my private part of Mr. Lincoln's speech, delivered on thattheir own way,.subject only to the Constitution of whdSm him, he found fresh life in the crucifix and the United States, and of referring any controversy thtefflwbisky bottle. When the frog, the cricket, thatmayariseastothebindingforceofanyTerri- ancjphekatydidbecametooplaintiveforcomfort, torial laws on that subject to be settled by the he- Resorted to the crucifix and the whisky bottle.Quilting.UMVXK^AL HXXXXK Co., No. 429 Broadway.MlLWARO'S J^KEDLES YOKWHKXLKR JC WILSON'S SsTWUfQ MACUINXS.letter ^foresaid before he went to Chicago—and adds, lifter starting that the New-Hampshire dele-occasion,isasfollows:" Question 1. ' I desire'to-know whether Lincoln to-These Needles are made by band, and of the best double-SPALDING'SPREPAREDGLUE.M JBvwybodyshooid have a boWe.'*--{Tribune. ' ' T<m SALX idrxxnrxjcKx.Maaaraotnred byH. C.SPALOISO k.Co..No.46Cedar-st. Pgat-UflJoa-addw, gtat No. 8,600.Ixci.nxNT C'ox»CXiTit/.v. Sown physicians may deny their and measureless Corruption which now afflict effioaoy. W e can produce evidence, of cures, and "facts.a?estubborn things." They are also truly valuable for the cure of our couutry. I did not desire—I most earnestly"A. I do not stand pledged against the admission another Convention, to be held at Montgomery on ofanewStateintotheUnionwithsuchaConstitutionPR. J. BOVEEJDOD'S IMPERIAL WINE BITTERSButlieyieldedupononeconditiononly. Therule pledged to the abolition of Slavery in the District of secession of the Alabama delegates at Charleston. of •imcemetery prohibited the digging up of oneDyspepsia, Indigestion, Piles, Nervous Diseases, Female Dis- eases, and all cases where a tonic is required. Sold by all Druggist*. CHA«XJES Wibmrtxu> it Co., Propri«tors,No. "78 William-st., New-York.HEAR WHAT D R . SWEET SAYS:NORTH KHCQSTO:*,It. I., April 21,1860. This is to certify that I have uaod Dr. TOBIAS'S VXXXTIAN L:>sMy.:JV for hveyears, iu my practice as Boue Setter; also,deprecated—aught of personal controversy or differ-Slavery in the District of Columbia." Q. 5. ' I desire him to answer whether he stands result in the dissolution of the Union.pledged to the prohibition of the slave-trade betweenthedifferentStates?', The Democratic State Central Committee ofpobiic a* the best .Liniment in existence. JAXXS SWXXT. Sold by all Druggists. Depot, No. 56 Courtlandt-stHUSBAND'S CALCINED MAGNESIAthough I were n o t a freeman, entitled—indeed, me, and I would have cheerfully given him permis- under obligation—to act as I judged best for tho sion to tell all l e "knew." Y et even this could"Q.6.'Idesiretoknowwhetherhestandspledged Rouge,onthe4thofJune, oftheConventionby to prohibit Slavery in all the Territories of the United which the delegates to Charleston were originallywithout coming down with t h e same. Alas ! they oo many and mighty for Faithful Darkey nd embezzled coffin and contents withouta picayune. H e ran after the remains, il|jg for twenty-five dollars. H e pursued them ivi-Orleans, yelling like five frogs, three owls,Is free from unpleasant taste, and three times the strength of theStates, north as well as south of the Missouri Compro- mise.line V11A. I am impliedly, if not expressly, pledged to a belief in the right and duty of'; Congress to prohibit Slavery in all the United Stales Territories.appointed. This call takes the ground that the se- ceding delegates, a r e responsible only t o t h e body- by'which they were appointed for the manner, in which they may have fulfilled their duties, and thatof paint. iiicxs ic B&rr*, So. 72Moiden-h-.ue. TiHiOAT ASD LUNG DISEASES.Cor«HS, COLDS, HoiARSXNKSS,'ASTHXA, CXOCP, WHOOPI50 COCOH, IMKLCK.HIA, and COMSUXITIOX are rapidly cured by that great and well-known remedy,DR. WWTAK'S BALSAJ* or WILI> CKKRRT.To avoid counterfeits, take only that with the printed name o ftwtrnjty five dollars. "How he came out in • the " prosecution of his claim," says The Note-Orleansmy enemies persist in reiterating the grossest ac- the proprietors, " SKTH W . EOWLX it Co., Boston," on the outer cusations affecting my integrity and honor. I leaveadoptedb yt h e Seceders—aresponsibilitywhichTO CORRESPOyVENTS^Wo eannotundertaketoreturnrejj«ected Con^n^tlon,No notice can be taken o f Anonynnnotice can be taken o f AnonymoACoramuniwttona..of the four hundred and sixty-six elegateB present w i t h t b e e e t h r e e CQnfiitionB> i confess I would be ex-*rer i.Intended for bwertfoj,droModtoHORAC» GRMU»Y k Co.*^J?«££&&kJ&i*nrt:.H. LAXTX.NO.28EAST MAKKKT SQOAKK,RKAJ>IKGF Pa., rvxviK«KIHlXWwiTBKrKLTin an agent in CuBHTBR, OrangeCo,N V,forthotateofTi.itTKIHUXK. IVniiounl Politic*.:Th« Speech of ABRAHAM LINCOLN of Illinois—athere that,astotiequestion of.the abolition ofthe aninteresting thief hadbeen capturednponhisTerms cash. AddressHORACE, GREELEY k Co., TribuneBuildings,New-York.Weareauthorizedto state that the JapaneseNorthonthe6thor7thofJune, butcertainlynot before that time.Mr. Seward c»uld n o t carry not for nothing that The Times hastens to announce principle, as I conceive it, akin to what I have said in dead. With a consideration which even n o wthat uo other i mu—certaiidy dangering New-York;. and XigniH*Goons, SHIKTS,4C Price*aslowasanyhouse'inthe ent, themeeting held in Independence square, no one pccupyiig a positionquotodGreeleyashavingsnidpost in President Lincoln's Cabinet—that he will Such are the opinions of Mr. Lincoln on thesedefinitively retire from public life on tho 4th of mportant matters. In some respects, they do not ton—"faithful darkey Jack"—so that the highly- March! next. I t is like the inscription on the Par- accord with our own; but as they are his and not favored corpses were lowered to their last resting- isian tombstone—"Here lies Pierre Drouot,the ours, wcdonotsee how wecan change them. It places and tucked upwith a neat coverlet ofsodWhat-who favored Gov. Seward's nomination; while o fthose who actually voted for him, a considerableproportion, especially of the New York, Massachu-setts, and California Delegations, did not wish himnominated. In addition to the weight of numbers,the Cooper Institute, New-York, Feb. 27,1860—explaining anddefending the position and views of the Republican party on tho main busiress wjilch took him evory. one of whom franklyBoutwell ofMass., Senator SinWons of'R. I., tureconsiderationjtbatwouldmakomefeelauthorizedDavid Wihnot, Thaddeus Stevens, and Gov. to state a position!so as to hold jjhyself entirely bound beautiful black Sexton forbim—a charming dia-Philadelphia, on Saturday night, to respond to the less favotablo fo• such an us-that any person nominatedbynomination of Messrs. Lincoln and Hamlin, was a large and enthusiastic gathering. It was address- ed by Messrs. Trumbull of Illinois and Sherman ofsuult—copld poBt ibly have »c-the Convention,, would poll twenty thousand more votes than Wm. H. Seward. In reply, w» insisted' that i n this State Mr. Seward' wasvery much stronger than his p^rty, and^ i f thrown overboard i n conse- quence o f Greeley's misrepre- sentations, which were the re- sult o f personal hostility a n d disappointed aspiration for of- tico, New-York would become a doubtful State."Ohio, a n d a adopted.comprehensive•serieso fresolutionsl a t e widow still keeps the shop, No. 17 r u e L e - law h e holds substantially the well-known views aijyle. But still greater honors awaited them even" poHetier.'* I am sure that the steadfast Repub- of Mr. Corwin; while as regards the admission of before the resurrection. In time, old John Mc-W e print elsewhere a statement of t h e case ofthe Oregon War claimants,which seems to demandlicans who have witnessed with more disdain than surprise the nimble gyrations and acrobutic ex- ploits, throughout the'last three years, of the sup- ple master-spirit of The Times, will n o t b e movednew Slave States, his doctrine lis the same as has been put forward by Mr. Seward.Donogh found himself a t such a pass that he could not purchase a moment .of life, not with a million jbfjmoney; Death foreclosed the mortgage that had run so long but could not run forever, and faithful darkey Jack tucked up rich old John McDonogh for'his long ultimate snooze. Darkey Jack put his>f i t s contents,. I cUclineio Ibltow field of discussion!just now . A s the lett er is, I trust, to be published, common de-recolle ;tion them ii to thim\ttf-*^#*peBaltimore Convention wHl nave in closing up these ifcWogaps.fi'Where is PoUarA? W e want Pollard, Produc*Pollard.cency would tcem to forbid these efforts to fore- stall pulblic oj inion with regard to its character. I am sure tha; it will not bear the construction put upon it by my assailants; and there I rest until flip lotter shall have seen tho light. '*—Iproceeatoputmyeminenttradiicersinjuxta- positionJonsomeotherpoints. 5that componsatiorj should be made to unwilling ownors. ceedingly glad to see Congress abolish Slavery in theDistrict of Columbia, and, in the language of Henry Clay, ' sweep from our Capital that foul blot upon our ' nation.'Greeley's efforts should hurcbeen crojwned ty ith success. Indiana and Peunnylvania !that Gov. Soward will not accept a reelection to relation to the abolition of Slavery in the 'District ofmakes his memory fragrant, he provided post- mortem luxuries and deadly decencies. He went to the length o f appointing a n d installing a sex-coniplishpd that's'uU."Island. And it i* tqually certain thufc, by vii&iTtia*-<til £/reeley'B may see fit to make V ] relingwithnobody,enviousofnobody,butready influence,andprovingthathi&hostilitytoMr.Sewardwasper-hewever,oftheState,haveissuedacallfor! »nNi-i At the next<!.\<JohnAppletdn^ IKuesia.Itisn«»i\> himasAssistant-S Hunter, the [pree-w pressed.cpNTpri. [r Henry D . JohisState Departitfenl sul-GenoralatC«-us were unauimousl Foreign Eolation.- jo be succeeded a>' 1 vb the clerks in th«MR. SKY c John Stryker inomination lot l*n YicerPresideiir, i; tained. Aporti«.r- but the arguineutsjtl liis success injsu'i-i spected.SOUTH C.MJO). rS'ASouth Carolina v Convention, whatet* may do. Mr. Pe;r delegation a t Cbai. will have no further tion,andabandon*piMR. 1XH < AMr. Douglas's i'lUti lished on Peunsyivatti, up]orstoriesofa:inmWsequantities"!u documents a r e ' issne distribution. A ! v jjstahtly employed, in •House are engaged ;i willhardlypayexp^usMOUHMr. Covode's C<ius naturalization fram! which .'6,000 votes w Buchanan's election Ik reasontobelievethai holders were engage*! i; or at least privy to its andcausingpapers^i>o f t h a t v i l l a i n y a n d ] i t reached,T o the Associated Prt.>s<.!V OurMinisteratCtiljl)^ Carataint? of tho shir- >bernor Morton!and L'I- : r< lie traJ6Se, thus st-ri'tbat Kmpiio. of sxitll :. :i Subject matter of a»p. i»itTlieattentionoft!u-(. rected to the undbpu -c takenonboarjlthev>-,Un ortfr.iud. agaiust a_|K>Jiri th«-}}' should be sj^lppiM Ward says no A^jencan tion'will)thetralljo,bji:? are found among tbe 1*.;^ Hong Kong. Amcri,jei jstlbjei'ts of other <Jov«|mi come the traffic by rc^ai emxueutt< have either lor gagedinit,orsorestraint K alaiost entirely iiBray\\'ardexpresses'b willlpassa law to pui-r.h theifaithfulexecutieu>fNivs the horrors of tl AiVhampoa, cannot W ito bury past differences in oblivion, and join hands ianal, and made Ln the spirit of revenge, instead of being prompted by ulo?eofthe•cause, a majorityoftho votesofwithallwhoaredisposedtofightagallantbattle OhioandJOwu,ail(beSouthernvotes,tmdthevotesoftheex-forLINCOLN,HAMLIN,andtheoverthrowotthe pediencypoliticianjfromPennsylvania,wouldhavebeengivenoronewhowusadmittedonnilhandstobethefirstchoiceof Are beyond doubt the most valuable remedy in the worldfor reign of Slavery Propagandism, National impotence, .ho people and of the Convention."thesameday,forthepurposeofelectingdelegates "Q.4.'Iwanttoknowwhetherhestandsto-daytofilltheseatsatBaltimoreleftvacantbytheence with any one who follows the Republican flag,no matter though he has long strayed from it or knowledge ,being confessedly based on my privateonlybeenattractedtoitattheeleventhhour.This has not been permitted. I have been widelylettershownbimbyGov.Seward—that he.oughtnot to have sacrificed his candidate to 3uch a'" A. I do not stand pledged to the prohibition of the Louisiana, instead of calling a new Convention, ministrators and assigns did not see the matterhardly have be<jn deemed necessary by a gentleman • A World's Fslr Medal, and four First-Premium Silver Medal*, his chain—a "fugitive from service or labor," who of any but the licest sense of honor, who regardedcause, b u t a s though I were a serf who had brokenby the druggists aud country storekeepers generally, and by the had no right to a mind of his own—no business to ray letter as Gen. Webb characterizes it in/thecommon Calcined Magnesia. \have been awarded it a« being the best in the market. For sale manufacturer, THOMAS J. HUSBAND, Philadelphia.BRIDGEWATKRPAINT,formingacompleteme-think and vote otherwise than as my censors pre- scribed. Formyownpart,Ihadquiteenoughoffollowing paragraph:"Inthefirstplac^,thelett'-r,insteadofbeinga'private'one.•"Q.7.;Idesirehimtoanswerwhetherheisop-thisConventionhasarighttoreconveneforthe fiftyIrickets,andfivehundredkatydids,forti.'ln:coatingforroofs,railroadbridirex,dejiots,villas,hallsanddecks of Yt'fteU, or anything requiring u cheap and durabb- coat this at Chicago, and I shall not tamely submit to Sewurd icould huve been authorized.to publish immediately on lis posed to the acquisition of any new Territory unlessfurther discipline of the sort. I think my own receipt i and m os probably he would have published it long since if it had not b en asjpuerile as it is defiant, and, iu effect,thoughts, and go my own way. I wish to have tlir»>ateiiirig."uSlavery is first prohibited therein ?'done with this personal wrangle, of which thepublic must be weary,; yet I cannot drop it while—If Gov. Seward has been laboring under anysuch extreme delicacy as would seem to have para-1)zed the tongijo of his chivalrous friend—whichdoes not appear to have been the case—I shouldgladly have givon him permission toprint and pub-lish my letter u)on his. simple application therefor.Put I must say that I am sure the New-Hampshiredelegates,like1hosefromotherStates,basedtheir interrogatoriestoaskmeanythingmorethanthis.We ire anxious, to know. W e think the heirs, executors, administrators and assigns might have presented to this Ancient Jnhn a t least two gallons of whisky and a new crucifix.w-ijiave all read—'•see " Anecdotes of Dogs" /ws&TBijUnf faithful Tr.-rys who could not be tempted Rights Democratic blub" of New-Orleans have to leg ve their masters' tombs, even by the blandish-wrapper. S°hl by ¥. C. WXLLS U,CO., BARXKS it PARK, HKUK-»IAJ» it Co., A. B. SANPS k Co., MOKKMOS k ROHBIXS, Scuixy- unnoticed the greater number of my widely-scat-yxLi.v, BROS, it Co., and other Druggints. tered assailants, because what they urge is more *>» 1Dr. MARSH continues U>apply hisRADICALCURE tersely summed up in the attacks of my immediate TXOMwithsuccess,meffectingcuresofHerniaorRupture. neighbors.•Ofthese, TheCourierand EnquirerLadies waited upon b y a female in private roctos. BathingTrussO", Supporters, Shoulder-braces, Suspensory Bandages, and The N. Y. Times had each its labored assault ultimate decision and course on grounds far lessthey are unwilling to "assume. What, however,Silk Elastic Stockings. Knee-Caps, aud all surgical appliances, by MARSH k Co., Ho. 2 Vesey-st., N . Y-, oppooite St. Paul'aChurchHILL, Inixuitablo Cutter of Hair a n d Whiskers.HAIKD\X,50cents.BlackorBrown;bestinuse. DepotNo.I I maybe excusedfromfurther noticeofperson- laterattack,tosay:interrogatories, and have answered truly that I amfor a State Convention to be held at Donaldson-isabold,defiant, andthreateningcommunication,whichMr.fillingofvacancies,ifsuchshould bedeterminedTCETUOD1MTfor Female Irregularities, Weaxness, Faiutness, Nervousness, in juxtaposition, so that the one may explain or diuory politicianstc il and scramble; and that no man was morn hesitate to say, that I think, under the Constitution of port the nominations to be made at Baltimore, and The important debate in the Methodist Generalall doficienccs I'ounU in the red globules of blood, and by induc-the United States, tho people of Southern States are*I ingthetrueorderofuaiure,efTeetsapermanentcure. Price.T>1 privateletter,written nearlysix years since,toConfe -ejice, as to the further permission of. slave- holding by church members in defiance of the true sense and intent of the Discipline, is still going• on. ^vyoarguments urgedinfavor of takinga decided;standuponthequestionappeartohavo great force. It is alleged, in the first place, that in the border States slaveholding has taken on a. charaiter peculiarly objectionable. The.slave- holders! a r e n o t merely slaveholders, *they arc* breed vrit of slaves for a Southern market. N or is. thisaHiafterofchoiceonthepartofindividuals*l i. 4-pat bottle. Sold by CHURCH it DWOXT, No. WJ Broadway, New-lork-W H I S K Y . — S . T . S U I T ' S K E N T U C K Y S A L T K I Y E RjBocxi;oasoldbyallDrug&itn. HxOKXAKkCv.,Nos. 16% 3!>9, 511, and 756 Broadway, N . Y .—I dp not know where Mr. Raymond learned LT.-OOV. RAYMOND—Timet. JGJ:.V..J. W . WKB:;— Courier. all this; certainly not from any professions on myCALI>OKMA COCKTXSIXS.—One of the most pleasant bad ever been wiitten. Thatlanee; and wh<len, at our request,AnothercallforaStatoConvention,tomeetat elected or at least responsibly nomi- now in an agitation in regard to an alteration or modi- pose of selecting delegates to represent the StateAX1incidtntsconnectedwiththeChicagoConventionwas the dinner, given on Friday evening, to the, California delegates by the residents of Chicago who had returnedinformation is vouchsafedbyhereadthelettertoMr.Ray- Mr. Greeley himself. We mere- mond and the gentleman who ly stated the fact thut Mr. Gree- accompanied h i m to. Auburn ley had distinctly repudiated aLJthe Governor distinctly stated^previousl)nated; arid I ijxpect todieinthatfaith. lamficationofthatlaw,Iwouldrotbethemantointro- duce it as a new subject of agitation upon the generalatBaltimore,hasbeenissued bythe "Louisiana "Democratic Association," George A . EosdickPresident.A State Convention for Mississippi is to be heldGov. Seward:the reviving of odious issues under, the irritating d i s t i n c t i o n s o f U n i o n a u d a n t i - U n i o n m e n .fromthelandofgold.Intheroomwherethetabic politu.'ulfriendshipforGov.Jthutwhilehethoughtitproper allpropel'occasions. And,if.tobe"disinter- wa» laid there was pitched a miner's tent, in which Seward six years ago,,and that!they should know the causeofw e r e a l l t h e a p p l i a n c e * o f a m i n i n g c a m p — t h e k e t t l e , h e d i s t i n c t l y a s s i g n e d ' , a s h i s j Mr . G r e e l e y ' s e n m i t y , u n d w e r e " e s t e d " m e a n s t o l a b o r t h r o u g h , a l i f e t i m e f o r t h e"Inregardtotheotherquestion,ofwhetherIampledged to the admission of any more Slave States intowastheusualamountofspeaking,muchenthusiasm thisdissolution ofa political[ofsuch aletter. Ofcourse, Idonotuidersandthatoffices ofeminenttrust for LINCOLN and JIAJKI.IN, and universal good feeling. partnership Y/KB made//* !onV-|Mr, Raymond could not have are "paltry," s,hunderahexecutionoranadministrator's.Kile,his Convention a t Richmond will really come t o any- slaves ixay find their' way t o the pons designed to*"*i,.'swindled. We have exposed the whole rascally busi- is <;uite proper it should be, if it him for either Governor or ness,onceandagain;nowletthefoolsandtheirmoney istobecomepublicatall—byLieutenant-Governor, andho—Onewi>rd, aow, to political friends out of the State,whoinustbelookingonatthiswranglewithoflatMntirelychangedtheirgi-oundonthosnlj- jecto'||layeholding,ithasbecomenecessaryfor the church to make a corresponding demonstration. Slaveholders, even those among them who make nopretensionstoconscience orreligion,usedto itself much less inclined to be precipitated iuto cont'd si that Slavery was an evil—an evil which itCp/xxslO.v.—TheschoonerMazourka,Kimball,from' manditspublic;.iion."•1 iSlavery in the District of Columbia. In relation to that, I have my mind very distinctly mado up. Iinij—thut i t wus as formal and Junderstood this injunction, or ve as they are filled by paltry men:Itwouldseem doubtful, however, whetherthe thing. No movements appear to bo on f<5ot in theget parted as speediJy as possible. We have no more Mr. Greeley himself, who, ac- determined, in consequence, to silent omafcem«nt. I beg you to understand, to the second, it being, as I conceive, tho same iit tho cording to judicial decisions,is punish Sewurd."pectations of the authors of that movement have beengieatlydisappointed. TheSouthhasshownpart. Ilongsinceresolved never to declineany publicstation,jnortobeparadedinthenews-sure there are others w h o might advantageouslyadopt my rule, X'hich I have publicly avowed on question of Slavery.I t i s a p a r t o f t h e s y s t e m o v e r w h i c h i n d i v i d u a l s , Markets, and all suitable article* for actual use, and that G o v . Seward h a d never j that ho was a' disappointed an- most responsibile a n d honorable positions, / I to puss upon that question. . I should' be exceedingly and will authorize such delegates a s i t may elect slavel ojldcr.may not consciously set u p a s a breedert h e U n i o n , I s t a t e t o y o u v e r y f r a n k l y t h a t I w o u l d b ethe wanh-pan, the cradle, the pick and shovel, the reason for so doing, the factjat liberty to refer to the fact elevation hi the Raymonds and such like to the exceedingly sorry ever to be put in aposition of having it is alleged, will approve the actof the seceders, can e:;e;:cise little personal control A Methodistaided or advised his elevationIpirant for office, no' reference. the bail was otherwise appropriately decorated. There to office. It now appears that must be made to the existence respectful ly ask (to be counted out of that category,deliberate as a legal notice tojho would not have stated as he and I mejan t<j struggle more and more firmly A correspondent wants us to expose two new lottery quit, ox a warning against fur-{did, and apparently by uu- against such desecration. -Let- it be understoodswindles, styled "International Joint Stock >Com- ther trespass upon prfvute prop-jthority, that such a letter hudpany,"and"Mechanics'ArtL'niou." Wewon'tdo *rty. Ttoisinformationcomes[beenwrittenbyGreeleytoMr. evermorethatIhaveneverdeclinedanyoffice1notfromGov.Seward, norS<-wardusearly,asNovember, forwhichIha notbeennominated,andneverit. Whoever buys a tieket in one of theae bogus lot from any person In hi* conn-j1854, when the Whig State Con- will. teries dbeerrco to be swindled, and certainly will be dense, i t is volunteered—as it vention refused to nominate.*pace nor time to waete in attempting to avert their the lejjal owner of any private manifest detrtin j. letter he may have written, and has an undoubted right to de-mentfromthonon-slaveholdingStates;eventhe Belfast, ladened with lumber, came in collision yetter- —Loth my distinguished assailants proceed made by Mrj.G eeley, and could not have been should"beexceedingly glad to see Slavery abolished in cotton States appear to be very hesitating and day,intheJEaatBiver,withasloop,carryingavray togivetheirrespectiveversionsofthecontentsof preventedorpervertedbythecombinedpotency theDistrictofColumbia. IbelievethatCongress doubtful. Theonlyeffect thus,farhasbeentofellow Republk ans, that we an: not allborn fools econd. •»here in Nevv-Yo:k—that we understand perfectly wellthattlieniiminationsatChicagowerenotdecisive measures than ,Mr., Yancey had hoped. "The fourth One is in regard to the abolition of Not only has the movement) found no encourage-jibboomandforefoot.Thesloophadberaterubadly thisprivateletter;but,astheyarebothfresh ofLt.Gov.lRajmondand.Gen.Webb.Woknow possessestheconstitutionalpower,toabolishit.Yet makepalpablethedoublefissurebywhichthe^tore. jfromitsperusal,and1havenotseenitformore|perfectlywoIltlafotheDelegateschosenbythe asamemberofCongress,Ishouldnot,withmyprea-Democraticpartyiarent,andtodevelopintheThiagriundisnowallchanged.SlaveryisnowM£M BepublicanB of ^''met&$f^jfayeffity^';,2^,l''W*':- ife iSouthiteeif a division qalfeiwryidwtei wftfcfc be;. exists between theJBf<»$e^ and Sou«ieriiiie«tion«the weight of character was also immensely against1 Mr. Gijeeloy was in Chicago " A single fact will illuMtrute him—three-fourths of the Dolega ;es and outsiders j-lavc-trade between the different States, I can truly premises; "send for Mr. Selwyn, with my <«bmpli-Reeder of Pa., Messrs. Corwin ' Giddings, and by it. In other words, that question has never beenmond digger o f graves and scooper o f sepulchers.prominently enough before me tojinduce me to investi- Can anything hitMr. Pollard's fancy harder,ex- gate whether we really have tho constitutional power cept a becomingly buried slave, than l a slave- to do it. I conld investigate it, if I had sufficient time burier? Everybody has heard of old jfohn M e-, to bring myself to a conclusion upon that subject; b n t Donogh of New-Orleans, a mighty man ofj millions. I have not done so, and I say so frankly to you here, John McDonogh in his time owned many men. and to Judge Douglas. I must f?ay, however, that if [With affecting kindness, John McDonogh kept I should be of opinion that Congress does possess the his properties a t hard work and short rations while constitutional powertoabolishthe slave-tradeamong ;they lived, and buried them snugly and nicely the different States^ I should still not be in favor of thefivevotes ofNew-York,upon thebodyoftheCa;sarhehopestosucceed. Iti< exerciseofthatpower,unlessuponsomeconservative |J6hisown private graveyard, when they were "It is hot Htrmee thatMr. the possible effattngoneyt^at" tenderest and best of husbands. His disconso-will be'seen that in regard to the Fugitive Slave iil a kind of ceremonious, not to say pompous,tled long ago. If nothing is due, pay nothing; New-Ii ngland delegations with the bugbear that, skillfully contributed to render the election of Gov'. the adjournment to Baltimore, and the call for a venerable lord and master to bed with his ownbutdonotshuffleandputofflikeabankruptora rogue. As the facts are all in, we trust Congress will not adjourn without adjusting and settling these claims. <'The steamer Northern Light, which left Aspin- wallonthe19thinst.,arrivedatthisportonSat- urday night, bringing the Pacific mails, $.1,519,703 in treasure, and250passengers. HerPacificnewshasbeenanticipatedbythePonyExpress. Affairs on the Isthmus continued in a very dis- turbed state. Masquera had seized upon the cus-unless Gov. Soward should be nominated, New- Seward to the Presidency impossible than he has. new Convention at Richmond. In Georgia, the negroes; and then went on providing for other Such a nose as he has for majorities will hardly be a t most populous and important of the seceding States, houseless a n d homeless bodies " in a correct andYork riust be lost. I volunteered'no information j.1 business-like manner." H e retired " to his lit— on thiifc point but, in reply to direct inquiries, I fault twice in succession; and, since he declares a very warm struggle is going on between thesaidto theNew[Hampshire astoother delegationsthat N jw-York kas a decidedly, determinedly lte-publicnState--fthatshewouldcastherElectoralVote or any good Republican; but, so far frombeinglost orrendereddoubtfulbythenominationfor Lincoln and Hamlin, shrewd politicians will friends and the opponents of the secession policy, Y tie, old, solitary hut, in the swamp near theconclude that they are dlreadv as good as elected.HORACE GREELEY.ofanjDther,!Iwasconfidentshewouldgiveamuch larger ic ajority for several others than' for are Mr. Lincoln's opinions concerning the FugitiveGov. Reward. And-that judgment has been con- Slave Law and the Admission of New Slave States. delegates only to Baltimore. Aproposition in fftvor listening " to a nightly repetition of the twirl offirmed by sulsequentdevelopments.. Whatbe-comes] of Mr. ]Raymond's assertion above quoted, ficulty. Iu the discussion between Mr. Lincoln thorizing the delegates elected to sit in both Con-G^n. IJWebb Inng my witness? and Judge Douglas at JFreeport, 111.,on Aug. 27, ventions, was voted down. Ex-Gov." Johnson has ghdstly, damp, and, barring the whisky bottle,There is a ?ingle point—that of delicacy—on 1858/ the former took up, one by one, and answeredwhich; Gen. V\ ebb's manifesto seems calculated—Jtrusinotintended—toreflectinjuriouslyon riouspointsoftheSlaveryquestion,and,toleavepledgedtothedoctrineofleavingthepeopleofthetotaiecrucifixandthewhiskybottle.Whengriefthe course of Gov..Seward. The General apprises nothing ambiguous or doubtful, made some ad- Territories to regulate the question of Slavery in fo;r|fjhis departed proprietor threatened to over-rrcourse of the Chicago Convention are not of my gates regardeij m e as Gov. Seward's political day stands, as he did in 1854, in favor of the uncondi- Judiciary. The indications would seem to be that When the swamp, in conspiracy with the grave-seeiirg. I attended that Convention to contribute my best judgment and efforts to secure a Republi-and p< rsonal friend,"To h is weetnajpjjponded that we knew such was not the enso,tional repeal of the Fugitive Slave lawV in Georgia the anti-Secessionists would carry the yard, made a miasmatic attack upon poor old' refined English GastSteel, and WAXKAMTXD SVI-KHIUK TO ALL can tiiumph in the Natior; and in that spirit I and that. Mr. Greeley's opposition to Seward was personal, of the unconditional repeal of the Fugitive Slaw law.The State Convention Of Alabama, by which the delegates to Charleston were elected, foreseeingOTifxxs. J. FKXH. MILWAKD.No. 31 Warr»-ii-Kt, New-York.THE N E W STEREOSCOPIC EMPORIUM.E.AjnuoH-i, Ho.501Broadway. Catalogue*sentonreceiptofStamp. Photographicmaterialsfor amateurs and the tr<ui«.V ixw s or RKSIOXXCXS AXO OWT-DOOR GROUPS TAKXX.BATCHELOR'S HAIR DYE, Wig and ToupeeFactory.No.16Bond-st. Privateentranceforladies. Thobya sppHrJinthesky-Ufhtrooms.. ,..andhad;itsfoundationinadeterminationtorevengebinnot acted throughout. The Convention did not see fit being made Governor in 1854! We were, asked foxthe evidence"Q.2.'I-desirehimtoIanswerwhetherhestands pledged to-day, as he did in ,1854, against the admission- H.<- Dunn,to ratify my first choice for President; but it 'nominatedtwoable, honest,earnest,worthy,andallperadyenture,!?flr.Sewardwouldhavebeen,nominatedon popular Republicans; and I am therewith fully the first ballot."utiveCommittee,onwhichthedutywasimposed,yein'•satisfied. I heartily concurred in these nomina- tions,andcamehometodomyutmostfoitheir election,which I joyfully believe tobe entirely—Again:'"'IfwehadbeenStlibertytousetheletterasMr.Raymond hasusedit,underamisapprehensionofhisauthority,then;can- not exist any reasonable doubt that on the first and evory subse-in case such secession occurred, to call a Conven- against the admission of any more . Slave States into tion of the Democracy of Alabama, " t o considerBut now the sorrows of the centenarian have be^uti. The other day the heirs, executors, ad- ministrators andassigns oftherecentJohnMc-t" Answer. I do not now, nor ever did,stand in favor day.J''•:/'f.JaSeM with the crucifix in one hand and the whisky boptlje in the other, the dark recluse repelled the invaders. Thus,hisflaskandhisfaith aiding, honest Jack has managed t<>reach his hundredthof tld.s fact; andh J-we been at liberty then and there to havestiitedwhatMr.Raymondhas.nowgiventothepublic,beyond ofanymoreSlaveStatesintotheUnion,evenifthe thecontingencyofasecession,appointedanExec-and R*»toritisr^he Hair. Ladies, try it. Sold by Druggists. their friends. I came away blaming nobody, quar- with the Georgia Convention. Certain citizens,"irjt|rmcnt a t Baltimore." ' T h e Dark Sfcxton,aided! in his reflections by the crucifix and thowhisky bottle, conquered his feelings andcon-sen eil to th e abstraction of the beloved bones.peoplewantthem?'"A. I do not now, nor ever did, stand pledgedThe subordiij^tc] K^ election, and notjiUtheUnion." Q. 3. 'I want to know whether he stands pledged"whatisbesttobedone." Suchacallhasac- cordingly been issued, for a Convention to meet intbepenallyof<iij->!as the people of that State may see fit to make.as are averse to all sorts of divisions in the Dem- entitled to a Congressional Fugitive Slavelaw. ocraticranks,theorganizationofnewparties,andHaving eaid that, I have had nothing to"Say in regardt o t h e e x i s t i n g F u g i t i v e S l a v e l a w , f u r t h e r t h a n t b a t Ithinkitehohld havebeenframedsoastobefreefromsome of the objections that pertain to it, without les-papers as declh ling any, to which I"had not been sening its efficiency. And, inasmuch as we are not New-Orleans on the 8th of June, for the like pur-glad to know that there would never bo another SlaveStateadmittedintothoUnion;butImustaddthat,ifShivery shall be kept out of the Territories during theterritorial existence of any one given Territory, andthen the people shall, having a fair chance and a clearfield, when they come to adopt their Constitution, do non-seceding States to send delegates to it. Such suchanextraordinarythingastoadoptaSlaveCon- ofthesecedersasmayfailtoobtainanindorse-stitution,uninfluencedbytheactualpresenceofthein- mentathomewillhardlyfeellikeshowingthem- stitution among them, I see no alternative, if we own selves at Richmond. It is evident that tho ex-the country, but to'admit them into the Union. •"Thethirdinterrogatoryisansweredbytheanswerof slaves for export, b u t w h o can tell how soon,apply the Southern market iAn< tier point is, that as tbo slaveholders hav\)was nifepssary to'tolerato for the moment, but of which i | was to be hoped that the community would]jpcedilyherid.Theslaveholdersthenstood in the |position—and the Methodist slaveholders aniong||horest—ofanxiouslywaitir.gthetimefor anopeningtobemadeforthoabolitionofSlavery.Untitled DocumentPollard the Digger o f Diamonds Black. Pollard the Painter of Property Bipedal., *'Sond "In regard to the fifth interrogatory, I mast say |< for George Selwyn," said Horace Walpole, whenanswer,asIhave,thatIampledgedtonothingabort,the immediate occasion being the election of dele-gatestoaStateConvention,calledbytheDemo- accurate journal,TheN.O.Daily Crescent,in- cratic Executive Committee,' to meet at Milledge- fprjms us—"his only companions were a crucifix'f'and a bottle of whiskv;" and he passed a Acorrespondentwritestoustoinquirewhat hostiletotheSecessionistshasbeenelected,anda blendedlifeofrum,reminiscence,andreligion.party, but of precipitating a revolution intended toto exist, so often as may be necessary, uutil. the"A. I am not generally opposed to. any honest ac- functions forwhich the delegates were appointed Crestcm City gravely, " we have not yet learned."quisition of Territory; and, in any given case, I would have been fulfilled. The State Central Committee • or would not oppose such acquisition, accordingly as I also object that to cull a new Convention wouldmight think such acquisition would or would not aggravate the Slavery question among ourselves.imply a disapproval or censure of the course. " Now, my friends, it will be perceived, upon anexamination of these questions and answers, tbat so the Stato Central Committee refuse to do has been far I have only answered that I'was not pledged tothis, that, or the other. The Judge has not framed his done b y two other bodies. T h e " Central Stateaudi have answered in strict accordance with the issued a call, signed' by Pierre Soule as President,ingokf.rofaquarterofmutton. This poorblack, dog, it neems,-would have surrendered the dust of hisbeficfacforfortwenty-fivedollars. Thisprovesonmeintheirlast issuesrespectively. I shallin flimsythanGeriWebbseemstoimagine.this article pay attention to both; and then I hope —The Hon. Henry J . Raymond sees fit, in his have answered. But I am not disposed to bang upon to represent tbe Democracy of the State, at the ad- that tb«; black is a little lower than the brute; andBarclay-st..andsoldbyail:Druggists.B. T. BABBITT'S Concentrated SOFT SOAP.—Onebox makes 40 gallons be>t Soft Soap, by aimply adding hot water. $1perbox. No."0Vvashington-kt..N.Y.BiXX>i>FOOD NO,4—AChemicalCombinationRestleMiiess, Hysteria, and other like compiniiit*. It supplier refute the other. And first with respect to my supremely indifiere &lo the personal rewards of political laborsthan he.""Itmustboborneinmindthat "Mr.Seward didnotintendwe'huvemadenoail.^ioutotopermititsuseagainstMr!uny •letter'—nor have w e as- Greeley, t o whom he continues,sertcd that any i.uch document to exercise tho greatest forbear-tbeexactformofhisinterrogatory. Iamratherdis- posedto"takeupatleastsomeof.thesequestions,and state what I really think upon theni.journedConventiontoboheldatBaltimore. This callisaddressed toallsuchvotersasadhere to the platform adopted by the majority of thethat sthereason,wesuppose—forwecanreally thinkofnoother—whyTheCrescentrelatedthe touching tale.alities,andallowedtodevotemytimeandefforts to the great struggle now opening.."Mr.Greeleyho:[passedinthepoliticalworldat'argeforone ofthemostdibinteiebtedmeniupubliclife. Hoha-'acquireda large degree of credit und. of influence, from tho belief that ho looked down with supreme contempt, from the bights of self-Perhaps I can save room by presenting the lead-ingpointsofthetwosimultaneous-attacksonme denyingpatriotism,uponthepaltryofficesforwhichmereor-" As to the first one, in regard to the Fugitive SlaveJaw,1haveneverhesitatedtosay,andIdonotnow CharlestonConvention,asaredeterminedtosup-not pledged at all upon any of ,the points to wliich Iville, on the 6'th of June, to elect a new delegationa t V i c k s b u r g o h t h e M t h i n s t . T h i s C o n v e n t i o n ,to attend both a t Baltimore and Richmond.j ^ ^ > ^ meet* ther gravey-'ard." ''His only companions"—so that•^aind shrill serenade of the katydid"—a veryislefirofthattestator fortransportationandre-81.AVEHOLDING. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069i.'www.fultonhistory.com 