 '66,828.26643.012,447ithe equilibrium, and set the wheels of commerce in motion afresh. Some good might b e done b y a manifesto from Mr. Lincoln, specifying the princi- ples upon which his administration will b e con-nnd temptations by which the youth of the present day, advertisement ta its editorial columns:— especiallytheseresidingtalargecities,weresurrounded,—•MWI-•-ati iP^mimWmmmfmiMmM*mmiiiWmmm PM«VW«'•^neyxag with**•" •Mla theWOa, # -|Bto ,M ,„n B that tt aw"'—•»•**••• 1 ansa than srreaty thousand*t444 Erie.... » * 890 MtohigunCentral.48* Southern ruar.... 44% Illinois Central... 4 3 *added the celebrated Artec call d m ie hie ahead? extensive ooUecUoa el eariotittos.terror to evil doers. PRSPARMC; t o LBAVR—The Beaton Pott, whose editorThe ipeakor then proceeded to remark upon the dangers baa a fat situation ta toe Custom Boose, has the following day on which that Convention is to meet. A simi- In a clear, candid manner whether this distrust offor New Tort*fl,M, , •historical drama called "The9Wbeforehimtotheaamher of nearlyPacific Mali; 44*IfcptiNtcan, OjyetsMeM. ABWndsof aecnrHka,Kwffl be noticed, have has been sent, and more will go. Our banks can•skdaa I Brtts •••••••••••••*••• Jaw ••••••••a.*... ......... 14 4%sBnw30BSSBBtaWa«as••>«•.* ••*••• 1 4J 11 " TotalPstmshaTy,, " portsxuootn,r,withanappy Raleigh, HJL Wilmington,"oftataworthilyde- NewOrleans ef doinggoodiabisownUmtovllie".'..'."." Mobile1M•IS «<*«**-aio MMsourie'aClotm t » » (»17.2f»i8.lrsnje.the banks, and their forced suspension. Then would follow a general liquidation, and an enor- mous depreciation of property, tncmdlng State stocks,which are largely pledged as a banking basis throughout the North, ft to safe to say that if this panic be not allayed, it will do as much mis- chief as the total failure of a cotton crop.Borne relief will be afforded when the remit- tances of gold which have been forwarded to New Orleans reach their destination. About a millionwell. On Wednesday, for the benefit of Madame boy. It waa hard to give him to the taw and to merchants. Every one seems impressed with theSebelier,a newpiece, "Count Job,or the Speculator," a prisoners coll. Once, twice, thrice had he,thespeaker, been called to the house to make the arrest of idea that, whatever comes of the present SouthernfromtheFrenchetLearLaya(LeDUGJob),tatobepro-theyoungman,butjustaaoftenhadthefeelingsoftheimbroglio,businessisirreparablyinjured,andthedull. The transactions embraced about 160,000 buiheMduced at this theatre. This comedy had a great run atthe FtanoaiM (Paris), aad has since been played with •ysal success all over the continent of Europe.Mr. Taeietro will give one of hla very popular dramatisreciMiiona at Clinton flail, Aetor plaoe, next Wednesday he now was Incarcerated in a ft Ion's cell. Team and pro-If she thinks it wouldfor red Western afloat—the last figure w a s a n outstie price—$119 a 81 83 for Chicago spring afloat, aad 41 21 for prime on board ship for Liverpool at 14Jfd. freight; 41 24 for Racine spring, $1 26 a 41 37 for Chicago spring. and 4163 for primewhiteCanadian. Corn washeavy and lower, while sales were moderate and confined mostly to lots in store. T h e sales embraced about 38,000 b-mo- dsat«9c aAOXc.forWestern mixed afloat,aadat71veveaisg. #tt is aanonnoed that the new Opera season will be com-menced at the Academy of Musi) on next Monday, with "LaJuive," m which Fabbrl and StigeUl will sing the principal rotes. T h e Italian Artistic Society intend t o cemmeaoe operations on the same evening at Philadelphia,Mr. A. H Davenport had a grand com alimentary bene J;at the New Bowery theatre last Thursday. The housewas crowded, and the popular comedian receded a sub-stantial token of public appreciation. Mr Davenporthas been engaged at WaUaefc'a new theatre. Mr. F9. Ghanfrau h a s been playing t o very large audi-ences at the Howard Athena.-am, Boston, which theatrela exceed ugly well managed by Mr. E. L. Daven-port. The Dublin papers are enthusiastic ta theirpraises of Mr. John Drew, the well known Americaneesaediaa, who baa appeared at the Theatre Royal in the"Irish Ambassador" aad "Handy Andy." Mr. Josephmises no longer availed htm, and though a parent's gray hairs were to be brought in sorrow to the grave by the remittees of a recreant son, the stern law preformed the du(y which their own lack of oare and prudence rendered necessary.Several other incidents were related in a toutotag and familiar style, and the children, without further com ment from the speaker, who then resumed his seat, were left to draw their own conclusions.8th—Arr brix Cantata, Pitksam Ph'itd'lnhta fir Portland; schr*M8 Scott.Blend,BanHarbor Tt.forordtrs OH&o-pire, and needed no visible signs to demonstrate its ex-tateace The empire meant wasthedominion oftheLard ever ail mankind The people of Ged were Lafarge House. to make a coniueat of mi unsubdued nations tonrtog them under the sway of the Almighty. Tbta wasnot to be dene by the sword, but by the word of Sod andl i l S S ^ H • 0 , S I ! ^ 9 ? " The conquest waste be a ^?j^««'«"^to«*»oo«Btrtaiattd alt race?, aadIS^ ^HZTZZ** ° « "»•» J »«m«, worldly'con-nuest ff the m m e progress was to be 'made ta th ePort of Sew YorM, Sorssaber 11, 1850.ARRIVED.Steamship Bremen (Brem), Weasels, Bremen, via Southamp-ton Oct 81, with mdse and passengers, to (ielpcxe, aeutgen S fUiebelt 1sttnst,lat«960,ton4,passedBrem ship Augusta; tame day, Brem ship Post bound B; 8th, lat 43 It, Ion 68, ship Delphine, bound W. The B has made ihe run from Hcilly to Sandy Hook in Ml dayaSteamship Jamestown, Skinner, aMasSISSi Ac,withmdse sad psnmasma to JnaBess A aWssnknsL, ; f Andrews, MM a, vexess. m Lewis,BJc• -Cj lwsaat. Maj Anderson. J Lbanking booses, were sold yesterday and l a y be-IZtatowT.COTTON — T h e m a r k e t w a s s t e a d y f o r l o t s i n s t o r e , a n 1 firm for parcels in transitu. The sales amounted to about 4,000 bales, including about 8,400 lu transitu. W e qutta mtddllog uplands, in store, at U^o. a 12\'cFREIGHTS.—Rates were steady, b u t engagements wereProctorwselatelyplayingatBelfast,Ireand,onhisway troducedMr.Lindsaytothemeeting. ThelastnamedMaa J. Gougenheim will return to theUnited gentleman exurefsed his regretthat an announcement had been nuulaAhat he would be present In Philadelphianext month. Mrs. MacrosJy has returned from a yesterday. Haregrettod the circumstance; but he hadSinceJanuary1..463,876,219 66,323618 8T468J07 EXPORTS OK grscis.suooeasfal tour ta the British Provisoes, and willgive readings ta the principal New England towns. Mr.Setbern has produced at Buffalo Mr. Gaylev's play, "OurAmerican Cousin a t Home." T h e local papers a r e e n -towrtsatietapraiseofthenewplay,aadofMr. Sothern's terested. He bad visited most of theprominentFor the weekPreriously reported.22,674,698Pscrrs —The salei em braced about 600 boxes Valencia*at p t. Sales of 300 a 400 boxes, including M. R.'s, a t 4386,andlayeraat4240,and1,000qr.boxes were sold Belle,Flora.men of the country; but of none of them bad he form-ed a higher opinion than of Mr. Hannibal Hanlln, with Mew York mad Brooklyn Foreign Mis- whomhe hadspent a most interesting and JelightfulTBJSTYsionary Society.TE1RD ANMTAL mCTOiO—ADDRESS BY REV. WALTER CLARXB, D. D.T B Safternoon, and who had since been elected Vice President of the United States. Mr. Lindsay, then referred to the difficulties encountered by the difference of the laws of the United States sad England in respsst to maritime af-NAVAL STORES —Small sales spirits were making at 89ca 39><a, for rejected aad straight lots, anil at 40c. forshippingparcels. Oommon rosin wasquiet at 4146a 4147:saltsofNo.3werereportedat4166a4180per sadallothersboundaorW.The thirty-third annual meeting of the New York and faire In speaking of Chicago, he said that the exportstbta year would reach fifty millions of bushels of grain, aVeeklya Foreign Missionary Society took place last even- and | and ita entire exports would reach two hundred andMEWFOBT.Nov8-SldsehrsGoldenBod,Oollks,Wladtat}KBW YORK HERALD, MONDAY,*** -"» •04»230114 Beading 47*father or mother predominated, and his mission been un-accomplished. In spite of all the promisee of the son, prospects of the spring trade, which were so bril- to do better, however, the evil was too deeply rooted toallow him to reform, and he anally became so tangerous liant a month ago, are very gloomy indeed. Nomerchant of prudence will order large consignments of spring goods under present oircumstancesjit will be well, indeed, if the houses engaged in the South- ern trade'ean weather the storm as it is. Not a few Southern houses will act upon the suggestion of the South Carolina Legislature, and take this opportunity of repudiating their debts.Bt»ys in, why disturb them?do her any good to occupy the forts, what harm could it do to us?Alexandria for isottoo; J A Parsons. Shaw, Geo'gatjvn DO. for do; Tennessee. Wosster. Philadelphia for do; M«eb«ata, Beath. Port Bwen for do; Giraffe Chase, Ehrabeihport for do; Henrietta Shaw, do for Salem: J C Brooks Oyer, PhfladaN pbta for Portland Mloneola, Hob, Jersey Orty for Oec-gatowa Haas;Nicanor, Parker. Port£«enfor Frank/art. Sidbark Modena; brig Philip Larrabec; sehrs Madora, 4 B Diekinsm, Ttuwassato the peace and life of his parents that, ta self defence,theywerecompelledtoItt thelawtake itscourse,andWe have seen nothing thus far in the reports ofthe proceedings of the Legislature of South Caro-lina on the subject of the financial arrangements for do in store, aad 71c a 72c for round y» Uiw. Barley gers, Lanxlay. Savannah for Boston; B L Berry. Weaver. Al*The following are the tables of the trade of the After an address from R F. Andrews, Esq , and the port for the week and since January 1:—ate $100,000 for arms, and the suggestion has been made—informally, w e presume—that Northern debts should be repudiated. Neither of these measures, however, will provide the new nation with the means that will be required for its start in life. W e showed the other day that at least ten millions of dollars will be needed immediately to purchase the rudiments of a navy, arms and ma-at 72; a 73s. Oats were in fair demand and prices un- changed, with sales c f Western a n d Canadian a t 37c a 37V,c.,andStateat373^'c a38ctinging of a hymn, the benediction waa pronounced and the meeting dissolved.Six. Lindsay Before tnt Philadelphia Board of Trad*.[from the Philadelphia Bulletin, Nov. 10 ]0. M Lindsay, Esq , M P , from England, wno is in this country on a commercial mission from Great Bri- tain, on the subject of international reciprocity in mer- cantile matters, met a number of merchants In the Boardfbr the vxtkDry goodsGen'l merchandiseIxrroxts. 18684670 946 2,340,9131869 946 6911,638,0991860. 1,248 874 3446,9314 334,806 193,003,^(3C o m a —Tne market prices were steady.was quieta n dsaleslight,whileof Trade Room thla afternoon. men of business were present.1864For the week 4870 810 Previously reported 62,996,4091869. 1.880.64966,043,0)71860 1,793 49579,475,212engaged, in ship's bags, at led , 1,000 bbls of flour at 4s.160 lierces of beef at 81,600 bales of cotton at 9 321 a6led, and1004balesofhopsat%A. To London JcHomer,ParkerBangorfor—. SldbrtgOHrath,sehnKA number of prominent Mr.. Morton, the President of the Board of Trade, in-14 000 bushels wheat, In ship's bags at lfl^d. To Antwerp, 76 toes measurement goods at 40s., 10,000 bushels wheatinship'sbagsat141 800bbls.flourat4s. A brig was taken up for Glasgow to load with 18 000 a 16,COO bushels gra n at p. t.H Coiaon, Forest Adn Asses, «a- y Paler. Helen. Pu -t Holm Mar. Julia A Martha, Atabwtaa, Valetta, Taagala, Alqoiaar, f C Homer.In port at 10 AM wind NW, brisjs Tangier. Bio Grande Oa. alma; achrs Eben Sawyer, Tennessee, Giraffe. Henri ua. H a Breaks. Mtontola. Eleanor, tt 8 Boott. O H Bocers Meehasla. M A Gould, J E Patten, Tex*- Q • rraseott, E J T»i xA. Haa- aah Grant, Ida L Howard 8 T Garrison, O Merrick, ttsateranot authorised-tte-announcement that he would be pre- sent on the dsg named. He then went on to refer to the fact that be bad already visited several cities ta the United States aad Canada, where he had held conversational meetings upon t h e subject of com- mercial questions ta which both nations arein-186J 4184 0611S50 1,619 67364 308,5921860195.324 42 417,123bag at the Presbyterian church, corner of Madison fifty millions of dollars. He then referred to the probe- change market, our banks can afford, without risk810 lbs.; crude, with tar and pitch were nominal. OILS—Linseed was dull, and sales of oily only making in Jobbing lota Crude whale was firm at 63c a 66c Sperm waa uncharted. Sales of olive were reported in•venue aad Twenty fourth street Bev. Dr. Adams,the blefuiure of that city and trade The taw forbids thatthe coastwise trade should be doae ta other than Ameri-or inconvenience, to allow their specie line to run down to $18,000,000, between this and N ew Tear. We usually send three or four millions every De- cember to the South, which comes back to oa in the course of the early spring months; the uneasy condition of affairs down South renders it peculiarly desirable that our remittances at present should bepaator of the church, presided.The exercises commenced with the reading of an ap- done ta American bottoms, on their coast. He thoughtbbls. at 4180 a 4133, and In boxes at 48 SO a 44 30 firpropriate passage from the Scriptures by Rev. Dr. ADA**, the staging of a hymn aad prayer.Bev.Mr.HAMIECS,theSecretaryoftheSociety,then read toe annual report. It showed that during the past year ever 422,000 had been received ta contributions, •4,600 more than Mat year. In addition to thla tberd were special contributions amounting to $30,000, to pay off the old debts or the Board. The total amount tans received ta contributions was 442,811. The progress saade during the peat year waa very gratifying. A large number of new stations had been established, aad ta very resnoteregtoaa,aeamongtheMahommedans. AnumberMai also been vacated, among which was the mission to the Cherokee*, it waa determined t> withdraw the mis. •tat to the Tuscaroraa, ta the western part of this State, that tribe having so far progressed ta evangelization as to no longer need the aid of the society.The report ofetae measurer, Mr. A . Merwin, showed the amount of Sunday donattoaa during the year to have boon 44,424. The variocs chireaeete New Yore: aad Brooklyn had contributed 422 770 during the year to the cause.Bev. WALTER CLARAS then delivered th e usual address. tabtagashtatextthepredtctrsnofDaniel. Heexpained the teen given in the text of the Saints yet taking posses •toe of the empire of theworll. It was a spiritualem-thla policy unwise upon the part ot both coufftries, anddisadvantageous to both. England had made such laws,and she had seen the folly and error of them. The differential duties of Canada upon the commerce of both oountrieshe believed to be injurious to both. He believed that if theUnited States would make concessions in respect to her laketrade, Canada would throw down the barriers against thetake trade, and make liberal reductions upon t h e tariffupon American goods. T h e laws o f England respecting'lighthouse does, pilotage, &o, be deemed unfair andun-generous, but be believed that if concessions were made from us. The debt of the South to the North is by the United States in respect to her coastwise trade, Engtandwouldmeetushalfwaytarespecttothedueeprobablyneverlessthantentimestheamountofrate with new force in the event of disunion. Thetaxable property in the State of South Carolinawas valued, at the time the last census was taken,at $288,257,694, of which about $175,000,000 wasin slaves. What part of this property would betaxed to raise the ten millions of dollars that wouldbe required during the first year of independence? srCARS —The market was heavy, though without fur-can vessels, while Canadian laws forbid that It should b ejustreferredto. Hebelievedthatthecommercialinto rests ot England and America were mutual, and he urged the removal o f t h e restrictions which h a d been made when the interests of the two nations were distinct and at variance with each other, and when there was a nar- row jealousy. The speaker then referred to the repeal of the ravtgatlon laws of England, and urged that free trade bad been of great importance to Great Britain. H e then west Into an elaborate argument to prove that free trade had been of immense advantage to England, and he in- terred that the United States would reap aneiual degree of advantage from the pursuit of the same policy.goldwhichwearelikelytosendtoNewOrleans. The Sub-Treasury continues to gain money; the balance last evening stood at $5,736,748, against $5,639,268 at the close of last week, and 14,608,- 687 at the corresponding date last year. The bank discounts will probably show a curtailment to- morrow. The Last average w as $125,231,814, an increase of $1,871,958 from the week previous. A t the corresponding date last year the banks had loaned $120,118,037. The withdrawal of deposits, in consequence of the shipments of gold to the South, will probably have admonished the banks to stop the expansion which began a fortnight since.The uneasiness in financial and eommercia' circles, consequent npon the political agitations at the South, has at last affected the money market, and w e note a marked advance in rates since last week. Call loans on good stocks, with a wile mar- gin, are still offered at seven per cent. But veryObviously the most available scheme for raising themoneywouldbetopledgetheannualcotton croprwhich may thisyaar be worth $25,000,000, asmuch of it ia Sea Island cotton.might be made here or in London by which bills drawn by South Carolina against future shipments of cottop would be accepted and paid. Of course the parties accepting these bills would expect to be paid for their risk; the cotton would have to be shipped to them at ten or twenty per cent below its market value, and the planter would have his re- medy for indemnity against the State. There are parties here already who are on the lookout for some such operation as this. Meanwhile w e are glad to learn that the report of the resignation of the Collector of Charleston is untrue, and that the resignations of the United States Judge and other officials are not to take effect till they have been accepted by the President—an event which may probably be deferred till 4th March or thereabouts.ther change In prices T h e sales embraced aoout 8 0 8 hhds Cuba, within the range of Olfe. a 7 tfc , chiefly for both refining and grocery grades; and 400 boxea were s o d at 7c a 7'4cWHISKEY.—The market was steady, with sales of about 260bbls ,at31\'c a82oPersonalColonel J. W. Webb, of Washington; Don Senor de Ca-ses, ofC'.ba,andM.Mora,ofHavana,arestoppingatthe9. H. Horstmann and family, of Philadelphia; M. At ohtson aad wife, of Mississippi; T. F . Cutter and family, ot Boston, and Mr. E. Barber, of Niagara Falls, are stop ping at the Fifth Avenue Hotel.4I431|1SEMSI "BTS ................ 4.s<olibrtg Dankirk* _ . It. port Nov 1. ship Nspoleon. Drummond dhtg; harksJanl Moxley Jr Holm in BpaiUh Hole reaty to clear; Wert Wina. Baoaderajustarr;hrtasGYWard.Briars,do,JGAndtrsos, Ring, ldg. Freights to NYork *»eon octtoa , SXVANNAH, Nov 7-Arr sSeamstaps Adakassa. Schansk. sad Mount Veraoa, lairleld NYork; bark Albion, ttaiasy. BostrnfSchr F ' w ^ e . s S , H- .devsno. VlYark. Cld bark Pevsr Demill. Hoey. New York brtg Bpesttnway, Norwaj. PorUssd;Colonel DrInkerd,of Washington: Hon.F.Granger,of New York; Dr. Phillips, of Nova Scotia; Mr. H. Witaon, ?**?•*."**••*•**ythefollowersof oftheUnitedStatesArmy,andS.FitsGerald,ofValen-'^•IK^J^JC?*"0 * °» *» Prophet oom" cia,Ireland,arestoppingattheSt.NicholasHotel.Jacksonville._HRADQUARYERS, EEWIntelligence.7 47••.•«•...• ,., • awethe cap-ta a familiar strain to address the little ones sey indicate that the next Legislature of that State will Hudson Rrver.... 4 8 *er, hymna and reading of the Omlptejee introduced to tae sudieaoe b y t h e pastor, aadSt-LouiaNiw JERSEY LwiBiATtrRE.--Tbe returna from New Jer---m^ ^ ssesststttss.-^^-. wthe National •gainst every man, but few 'took into eeaelderattea the on Una difficulties whieh in toe eenrae of ardeoaa datiea they were eornpellwl to encounter. Amid the renegades of so-Tola'TBI Bon o» A a Lraoot* Aim m a HARVARD Couaoa on the railways continues to satisfy their friends,^Si.......»tmss«««mnlW• ••••• msiiim«»»*w*» ..#•••••**•• «Aun»stsXV.\V.V".*.V.V.".V.'." -Bark MMs frtasrtasale (Br), Oct 88, lat tf iCIon 5 30.ALSOABAT,CGH,Sept4—AWhark<dKrUMtatwAr|.Usser ,' wtllbeJ. Prior In the chararter or theBothbranchesoftheLegislatureofSoothCaro-lina have now agreed upon the 6th of December asthedayonwhichdelegatesaretobeelectedtothe ducted. Asbehasbeenelectedwithoutdoubt, Disunion Convention, and on 17th December as the there would now be no impropriety in his statingjasn—w/jmWsw^asutn b"Tjrtions,pettajeopardythelivenaadpropertyoftheirfol- moreformal,thoughnotmorecordial. low men, so long would the strong arm of the law be aSenate House11 10 27 88well afford to spare foar or five millions, and from ing uneasiness in the political world. The traffic present appearances it will pay handsomely toTotal for the week 42 917.879Previous :y report'd 128 204 602 202.313.365• • •Galenarename7 7 * 1 8 * 44124*oas447 MS 6 8 71,215 S.444 !,8167 9 * NewYorkCentralS»Xnew ta Harvard College, waa on Wednesday night called open by a large body of the students in that institution, andcongratulatedonthesuccessorhisfather. Hehad been previously waited on by many, bnt tola callwasbright enough were it not for the black cloud which overhangs the South.8,483—45»-maj, 'tis£=£l••••••••••••tees 'I ••*•••••• •• ••••••«-•••• I XSince January 1.. 422,818,749The banks will probably show a loss of specieto-morrow, as their depositors have been sending money freely to the South. Their last statement showed an average specie line of $22,194,984—a decrease of 4603,608 from the week previous; at the corresponding date last year they held $20,22^ ,- 342 in coin. In view of the heavy shipments of produce, and of the condition of the foreign ex-at 63XC.BAT.—The market was Inactive at 90c. HIDES—Sales600PortoCahelloweremadeatSl^o.,astheyran.MOLA8HE8—The market was quiet, and sales limited tosmall lots Cuba within the range of 26c. a 28c ; new crop New Orleans waa In light supply. The last sale of a small lot brought 6 6 c9th—Arr brix Wm A Dresser, Hatch, NHaven for Fo-to SILO;into this AM by an unknown , broke her aachox stock and sstaead railNEW LONDON, Kov8-trr achrs Herotsn, OhamoBn Al- exandria for Norwich; Texas, ChsmpUn, Readout far do; Hor • son. PhiladelphiaPENf AOcLA, Oct 81—Arr brtg Berouda, Boyd, HavsaSj' Old brir Wenne h, Dow, TortngaaPETERSBURG Va, Nov 7-Arr sshr M P Chase, Shute, RockportPPILADELPHI A, MOT10a U -Arr steamer Boston, Croak- er, NYork: ship Viator. Eeltar, NYork; sehrs Vet**, Sageth TrteVad: MB Smith, Smith, Salem; H Parson OrowelLBos- toa. Edwin Rasd. Chipman, do; Ja« Martta Hardio« Prort-Florida Eel'yTNYork. CM harks AahBtas, Oanaffcar. 1; Oak. Byder, Boston: brirs A nulla ((on TaUacttsrc Cork for orders; Bluxoeathal (for), Ptogheft, Cardiff for orders;A J W Applegarth, Grove Mto Janeiro A G Cattail Watson, NOriears, sears Julia Smith, Orlando Lajnayra: J HMoors. InrersoU, sad 8 J Bright, Bmna Breton -V^lta, Bro-ns. aad S O Buayoa, Ma htas, Prortdmce; 8 B Asksaotd. Brooaa, Nor- wich; R H Daly, Stevens, Bridanport.PORTLABD. Nov 8-Arr stasawhta ThosBwaan, Ramsey, NYork; schr Lookout, Joyce. Perth Asaboy.POKTSMOt'TH, Nov 4-Arr sehrs Mary SBeaks. Banks, OeoMwtowa, 8C; A Hurd. Pierce NYork; 7th, Ralph Hewitt, Buekna. do: Sea Lion. Arey. Roodoui.PROVIDENCE NtT«— Arr stoamersFshosn, Baker, s a d Peugu'n. Williams, NYork: sehrs J tt Wbsldsn. Smtta. Phila- delphia; Mora, Barney, Delawtr* City; Estetta, l^itwlerson,prompt and Liberal.apprehensions as to the South drawing our specieManswh 4,192 8,064Rock Island 4,177 MadsiS:i"::i:::::i:1MMffssaaaseaaeea*-•• • • • • mflarconventionistomeetinAlabama; butwhether himwhichprevailsattheSoothis wellfoundedor Bight. The'Esimmof0*dVfrftata,"IhVZouays andindoingthis,hesaid,hewasnotthere likeapoUee- ToBaLET—Averypleasint deskIntheBostonCustom theproclamation summoning the people toelect not Wheremillions ofpropertyareatstake,itisBryaata' idrawfeuboosesalMsehutt**Hallfenta,""UsedUp"andtheorIgtaal"Dixie"arelathe programaeforthlaevening.nwotoy h Campbell's Minstrel's, at NiblCs Saloon, offer a capital programme for tonight. T he "Countryman's "Leva's Disguises" and other novelties are of-forthlaevening.The rnllbnrmoate Society of Mew York give the feetof their Dioeteeath aaaaan at the Academy of •toon Saturday The following ia a copy of the pro-delegateswillbeissuedbeforeorafter theassem-pueriletotalkabouttherestraintsofetiquette,asCABTHAGE*A.Oot17-lapertsoarMaryland,Oatttsart,frosa aspmwsll,forNYork10days-are*sssksy.No l, mc,Op. el i;Lsato—sRegroconeawrgia.3.Larghetto.ft Behsrio—MoHo vtvaon 4.*AltaiTM, Motto vlvaoa Arm from 'Robert Ie Dtable,'» " Y a l dlte>a,'>MadaaaaSahreedarr>ammlar..... matai.•Jverture, " Mesi ssstflta wad gloBkllche lahrt," in D,Op « (OalmatSeaand Bap- ay Voyage) •Meyerbeer4—Oonkling, republican,elected by 10—Van Wyok, republican, elected b yTom Cwt.Mennelsennn fMexmd(Wert, forviolin,ta Fsharp minor,waa a little blind boy, who clung tenaciously to her side,and with hla expressive face seemed to sympathise ta•very movement of which b e was aware. ' I s this yourhusband?" said the Judge. " T e a " "Did he beat you inthat manner-" "He did," and the poor woman seemedloth to say more. "Do you want to send him to the Tuesday—large democratic gain. Island?—can you get aloeg without him?" She hesitated.while, on another Bide, Mr. Lincoln is said to be overwhelmed with applications for office fro:n»Op. 18, Mr. Joseph Nolle^Sbeider Btaaheth" (Prayer), fromHVieuxtamps "Der Tanahau-ture and county officers were elected by 400 majortty onoffice seekers will be able to control their respec- tive States, in opposition to the disunionists, when the question of disunion is fairly submitted to theTotal for one week. Previously this year.TotalTo same time last year— " Martsam Bchroeder Demmlar. e,"Uoaora,"No 1,taC(Anno1806),Beethoven .Theodore Eiafeld ian excellent one, the audience veryRCMORSDDust —The Oxford, Miss., Mercury says that a rumor prevailed that a duel hi on foot between one ofi and appreciative.well played, and Mr. Noll performed Vieustompa' very nMReuit osaoerte so admirably aa to receive a warm call • I Ma conclusion. * Mme. Bchroeder made a favorable im - Wfeaeioa, navteg a sweet soprano voice, and apparently ahlaparenttherecreantfatherreachedandtookhimtahta tap, aad as the two there embraced with that outgushiug of love which true humanity ever respects, t h e h o t aoaldtag tears poured out of that parent's eyes, and be sobbed like a child. The audience wept, and the Judge and officers, accuitomed aa they were to icenes like these, were likewise visibly effected. The poor woman found it Impossible to make her com-this State, but now a citizen of Tennessee. The parties herein indicated are probably Jeff. Dayle an i Gen, Henry 3. Foots.giaandAlabamaiasoobviouslyontheaideof Union that one would suppose that in those States the task of the Union party would be easy; but it is very difficult to b e sure of anything when popular passion and popular prejudice are fairly aroused. One point may be considered as settled: theCITVCOMMERCIAL REPORT. BATUBDAV,MOV.10-4P. M.—The market w a s quiet, and sales LUnitei t o some 84 hbts. both sorts, at 6^0.BM^DMiire—Flour— rhe market w a s firm for most descriptions, hut transactions were moderate, while the chl*r demand was for export The sales footed up about 8,000 a 9,000 bbla., within the range of the following Quotalkwt:—The symphonywas exceedinglyfood deal of dramatic power. The next concert will b e Staint, aad prayed, ae only a woman knows how, that herTan MJOIBSB or COEGRESSFROM DELAWARE.—Mr. GeorgeP. Fisher, who baa been chosen to represent the State ofDelaware ta the United States House of Representative?,isnotablackrepublican,asiaclaimedbythejournalsof United States will not oppose by force444bethport.. Bid sloop Wsaaiastoa. Tttstairita. NYorkFALL RIvEUt,'Nov 8—Arr t * r O kuL Parts PrortdoaeS Y •sn4nanfasBntagiven on the S2d of December.•a the boards of the New fork Stadt theatre thelegitimate and clanks drama prevailed last week, to thei of the hmbitui*. Schiller's celebrated drama •I "The Maiden•f Orleans" wse given—the porta of by Mies Fischer, King Charles by Mr. Boym> ig well rendered. Halm's drama of "Griseldls" waal for the debut of Mr* achmiu Herwegh and Mr.naband might be released The judge granted her re quest, bnt not until he had administered • rebuke to the snan that no doubt, if there ia any penitence in bis heart', will be remembered and they went away. That man came to that degrading position through the influence of early associations and intoxicating drink.Another instance waa related of a young man brought op in the enjoyment of all the luxury that wealth could bestow, but who at an early age, indulged by hie father, soon gathered around blm a est of boje and men, with whom he gratified every vicious longing. MoneywasSaperansStateExtra state, good to choiceSuperfine Wtstern^Oommon to choice Western extraSt.Louisextra •Mixed to straight SouthernStraight to good extra do44 30 a6 4 0 a4 8 0 a6 40 a440 a 786 6 74 a 4 10itts, from toe Greed Ducal theatre, Caeeel. Oa the spent by thousands, and when thla failed through the re fto insk, the eve of Schiller's birthday, a newpatrlotic monstrances or refusal of hla parents, he wouia borrow amy, by L Eskard, called "dcbUler and Goethe," wee from bis f»ther's tenants, or obtain it by threats uponthelifeofbismotherwith knifeInhand Timepassed xcedueed. The performance went off exceedingly along. They bore all quietly for the sake of theirher cheerfully. The day has passed for the coercion of independent communities by force of arms. If she will go, no one here will try to hinder her. There has been an attempt to cast censure on the President for not strengthening the garrisons of forts Moultrie and Sumter; but why should he do anything of the kind? If Soutti Carolina goes out of the Union the forts will be of no use to us; if sheRye flour 8 60 a 426torn mesi, Jersey and Brandywine 4 40 • 896—Canadian floor was in light supply, while prices wereArm. Thetalesembraced800hble,inlots,at4476a44 44 for common to good qualities, and in small lots ofgood extras at 47 60 Southern flour was lew buoyanta n d a c t i v e , e s p e c i a l l y t h e l o w e r q u a l i t i e s T h e s a l e s e mbraoed about 900 bbls. wivhin the above range of quoallocs Wneat-Supplies were large, aad the market forgood qualities cloaed at full prices, while inferior lots wereman, to administer reproof, but aa a ChrMUan man, touttercaution. LoveandprayerwerethebestsafeguardsHouse, for four years Apply to Abraham Lincoln. NsxvSFIAKXROFTHEASSEMBLY—Therepublicanjour-CALCUTTA,Sept1*-IapertassyLaskaow.ttorsamfar Mo- bile lagShip Soger A Hiern, Stewart. Bordeaux, Sept 30, and Oordo- different languages, and had been siven to aa n u > n . the steamer Cahawba; Mr. W. M. Graham and Mr. C. little paper, indeed, confld have been passed yes- . In the meantime it is vain to disguise the fact van Sot 4, with mdse, to J A K Smith A Oo.BATTALlOh^ m ^ l ^ J ^ S ^ ^ ^ tatoUrohundrM Cornelius Wendell, of Washington; Captata Smith, of l i o n s . T h e o l d h e a t h e n r e l t g K > n s w e n n o t s p r e a d l n s o nINDEPENDENTI York, Nov. t 1840.t e r d a y a t t h a t r a t e . W e q u o t e , a t p r e s e n t , t h e b e s tshort paper, 8 per cent, and first class 4 a 6 months, satossnplreof toeSntato. Prophecy hal only foreewiad Utah; H. M. Caldwell and wife, of Valparaiso, and Dr. endorsed, 9 a 10 per cent. Names not generallyt h a t t h e c o m m e r c e o f t h e S o u t h , a n d o f a l l p a r t i e s connected in trade with the South, stands in a po- sition of great danger. A panic is in full blast in the Southern cities—a panic without substantial basis, but none the less formidable on that account; a panic which, if it be not allayed, will destroy one half the mercantile houses and more than half the banks in the Southern States before the winter ia out, and create a great deal of trouble in the North also. A t Charleston business of all kinds is suspended; and while the mercantile men ap- pear to be engrossed with considerations of Sags and cockades, a bill has been introduced into the Legislature to authorize the banks to suspend spede payments, and the credit of the Charleston banks is already gone. A t Savannah th e mer- chants evince more coolness and judgment, but among the people scarcely less excitement pre- vails. At New Orleans the banks refuse to nego-. B A T T A L i o a o x n a a n o 4 . _ _ • rade, on Mocday, 18th last, to full ualform. LtaowUI 'orsaon Lafayette ptaea at Hi Cotock P.M., preetsslT.Com- naadaals wU have their companies on the (rround to Urns foC the Adjntant • can. fifie-n minutes before forsssttoaB, orderofJohaM. WjBJJ^BtorJ^^Una of ssafub-aVghth street to Fourth a»eooe to Bowery 10 Grea' Jones street to Broadway to Or*ad street to Broad- way to Canal s rest to Bowery to Chstham street t> the Park, where ths sanation wi'l be reviewed hythsMwes- monCounctt. The battalion will then march up Broadway Broome streets ndZOOA VBB L A F A Y x r r r a - B O T T ^ - T H E M M B n a a of this company (now lnatjrporaiad ta ^ i ^ ' ^ S E meat) are rrquesud to attend a '"'^^•J'rSSrhV tl^AU. toUmmmlT:* the Mercer Hoaaa m ^ o p t ^ hytawa, ssa Those wishing tojossth. oorps abooVii*t«Bd ths aborstag. Bjcrderof^Cap^c^and3 tn«j u B B ^toecontrarytheywornfastdyingout.Therewere'nu-W.Thomas,bothoftheUnitedStatesArmy;RobertR.Brig Ibom&s Tileeton, Seaauaaa. Oarthagena. Oct 17. with hides,to P Nepofford. Oct 4. off Savanilta,spokebrtx'aeob Doc*. fromWUssinston. HO, galas to; same day. schr (ireen- land, from the windward, seeking; 10th last, about 9 miles 3by Wfrom Baraegai, paasedTsuAS.es schr wtUM>m»suonly above water.Brig W B Nash (of Cherryfleld), Small, CaAnfnMOS, v ia Charleston (where she put in in distress.', 10 days, wnh sugar^^^^(i^toilh, Windsor,NS,13days,withplaster.sThssJisiSEirwt far Barrngtoa,_*forP •—/ , Ehxabethport for Fall River,•ebr POotrrurbussu Moeklaiw. 1 days.Sshr • AreuhwIusTHassaO, KooUanA 8 daya. Schr Matilda (new, 130 tons). W en Basel, SJayasseroas signs at the present day of the universal relish Whltttar sad wife, of Lawrence, Mass , W. H. Tllbard andJ. A.Jameson, bothofSt. Louis; W. C.Campbell,ofhistory, to eoncJuetou be exsibited the necessity of -.mt and solid cooperation en the partof God's people to carry oat the gleriene work of tnbdutag the world and brtaftag it Into that noble empire. Christians,too, should give an example of piety aad morality ta thane" y wished to convert.i closed w ith prayer and benediction.•*p Torktown-B J swtah. MO'Cal-George Latbrop and party, of Oswego, are stopping at the Metropolitan Hotel.Boa H.8. Foster, Pennsylvania; P. W.Grata, Miry land. Hon. A. R Boteler, Colonel W. D. Anderson and Major James Wsikar, of Virgtaia, are'to Waahtagton.*^?B* Z1** *"•* Lot* Parrots—The New OrleansW e have to report it further decline in foreign exchange- The asking rate at the leading bank- bctop-Motasnapped. * * t U ^ g £ * « * ing houses ia 108for sterling and5.18Ja20forfollowing particulars o f a n duel was ta that city:—Wof known go at all kinds of rates—1 per cent a month being a fair average for good names. The aivance in rates ia due, not to any increase in the demand, or diminution in the actual supply, bat to a feeling of panic, which induces lenders to withdraw their funds from the market. Should the present un- easiness subside, money would rapidly fall in price, and the market would resume its wonted aspect of•Jfnsre d. «M was fought on Wednesday* afteruoon^'neaT' the"*Hop*irs peculiar leMuresThav* been much dhvusssd down chosenflinttack:tol •namosd asain bnt hla ut^Z^T-i.* tarrVer* S pisfrans4. Alt the bast bills can be had at loti, andsome first class bills, drawn by one of the landing•****£>*£*_*w m mhittinghtm- €****—?*— i• —£". ly as they believed i t .Oerrtare'ei.miwithoutthere ". Os<»LD»eisJs, J of betag shot by hla antagonist, and m u c h ^ i ^ ' t E fore at 107. Mercantile bills have sold at unusual-Mhours, with shiptiate the usual sixty day bills against cotton, and TJ8 JHsass Omnbsraad, Com . from Portamoutb, IhTd^area^vSir^2.483.698leo84 48send gold for the purchase of cotton bibs on thegMufctlnf * Began' ciety, aarrenaded by toot* whose hands were red with BTCDERTR—Young Lincoln, son of the President elect, and the general comB*srdal prospect would ieem North. Less than this sum would probably restorehaaaaa htood, living as It were ta a T e n atmosphere of it wee almost impossible to justly exercise thattods. The Don and the lamb mercy which humanity 5emauda. The lion andton lambhad notyetlaid down together, end so long as wljked- neaseasstalkingthroughtheland—solongaamenand women, forgetting toe restraints of taw and social obliga-hotWe, though AOt infected with the prevailinggpWe^Cj ^r«notb^ billsaausual, notknowingwhom the panic ni:* destroy, New York bankingbouses, distrustful of the p!**** •§*•*«••» * •cline to buy at all for the present. Peters * *unable to send their cotton to market, ot, wben bear that, sofar asthe latter axe concerned, they they have sent it to market, cannot get the money9 Mmmmmi^mnfW,*^* ^?!^.Una* a Stats laatM." " •*•*•*•** trouble in that State,propertytohold,andwtahaB»OtfefsnTpriajtdtoirsHgkbooktothebank to.T^J^T^? delay. A t the ctawnt rate of fewign «*chars», specie can be profitably imported from Great Bri- tain. K is hardly Hkelj, howortr, thatths ex- perimentwmbomado. »forH. Merchants owing money to the North can- not pay their debts. This is ae far ss the thing has goneseeet The next steps in the ordinary course of events will be an open quarrel between the mer- chants and planters of the Sooth o n one side, aad the banks on the other, ending, of course, as the»i* BThe following table wifl show the inoreinent oflit the stock market during the past week aad like quarrel ended here in 1867, in a general ran on1Mfallen considerably, in <>o«»eqoencc of the prevail-thatcouldhethrownaroundtheyoung. Thefamilycir-cle and the family altar were calculated to do more ta nals are talking up Lucius Robinson, of Chemung county, bling of the electoral college remains a matter of considerations of dignity. Financial disturbances, MBLscvRjra Aug 89 tan 34V-SU Wild Oaatha, CrowaO.crush out wickedness and impart strength to resist temp- tation than all the punishments in Christendom. Every- thing depended upon early education, and the character oftheohildweethecharacteroftheman.for the Speakership of toe next Assembly of tola State. EixvaHBi DISTRICT—J. D.8teo:e,opposition,iselected in the Eleventh Congressional i istrict of this State Insteaddoubt. It is telegraphed from Georgia that a con-ventionwillbecalledinthat Statealso;butaswehearsimultaneonslythattheLegislature hasacted or minister has everbeen blamedforseizingtheGuam (probablyCateutta).SATA*ILLA Oct 4—In port schr Quhsdoro, Walk, from As»u«wall,forJfYorkIdg. GoingIn4th,brigJacobDock,:rjmWJ* ion, KC.do4ih,schrGreenland,fromthewndward,»USeveral lnatamwn of crime were narrated, illustrating of P. H. Silvester, republican. Mr. Steele's majortty ia upon Gov. Brown's reeommendation to tax the first opportunity of checking panic by a frank ex-tbe aaSnsassn of early education and aaeociationa. over two hundred The detogatioa will therefore stand- Mot long since a man waa brought up in the Court or republicans 28, democrats10.ALEXANDRIA. Nov 8-Arr sehrs Yankee Doodle." products of States which have nullified the position of his intentions and his policy. Mr. Lin- NYork; Arietta Robtoson Norwich Sid brtg a Doaaa Uo-, charged wiih an assault and battery upon his wife. Evidently be was ta a strange place, and at be looked around him and saw hta companions In mime, and thefacesofacurieuscrowdbentuponhim,hehonghisTHE Ciosa COJTORBSSIOHAIfigures will approximate the official eount In the severalFugitive Slave law , the announcement must be received with caution, the two remedies being to some extent inconsistent with each other. In contrast with this intelligence, we learn from Washington that the President is in receipt of letters from leading m en in all the South-coln would do himself credit, not injury, by speak- ing out, promptly and frankly, in this conjuncture. ThefoliowingMitheamountofcoal transported on the Philadelphia and Beading Railroad daringthe week ending Thursday, November 8, I860:—rtag, Boston; scars Mary F.etcher. Orosbv; • 3 gawver. DJC- bin; VSharp, Haley, aad Vulcan, ManhaiL do; J HSmith and HBBasensn, Tonuin,Norwtch;SOWfltotta, liei land. Nswbwr, Yorktowa, Wogtim, BYori.B08TOS.Nov10,AM-ArrshipasnassashsB,UM>Riga; barksJAM Young (Br),snatt, Ardrossaa viaLasalash; Eendrick, Stockholm; Btodeaa. Taylor Char tattoo; Sylph. Jocsa, Baltimore; brigs 8ama*l Lindsay. GupsU. Vetaaus; Beniruela, Perkins. Phuadelahia. sehrs Helena Derrteksoe, Wummirtoa, NC; OastUiaa, BeUty, Baltimore, M Wngtatag.lobertaehninaa» head !n very shame. "Are yon guilty or not guilty?" districts named:— saidtheClerk Tremblinglikealeaf,hemurmuredout, Did.I •Maj.188274 , $ . 1 4"Weil, sir, I don't know." "Call the oomplataant,"•aid the Judge, and a meek looking woman, so disfiguredae to be hardly recognizable, stood before the Court.She had evidently seen bettor days, though no v in mis 11—Steele, democrat, elected by fortune; but that which attracted svery eye ta the room6—Wall, republican, elected by18—Vibbard, democrat,electedbyEucncei » KASSAS—A despatch from Atcbtsoo,PoUeviUe.Bohuvlaul Haven AuburnPort Clinton....1,440 1819,314 isa;o76 i t 1,490 1888,198 18 .1,710,447 0a1,748.444 0 3 1,499,9*4 19from Matsasas; signal for a brtg. ^ld itmssT S MSoaaldtag, Howes, Baltimorerta Norfolk, ships Goddess. Lothrop.Sen Francisco; Xatupan, Snow, Mfark; Joan Porter, Forbes, da load for Ens!and.BAI.nxtoaE, NoT»-ArT schr War Stead Smith NYork. Old Brem ship Ocean, Eiopper. Bremen; sehrs D, lmont, Olan, Boston; Ann Amelia, Brown Fall Btrer.BELFAST. SOT8-AIT brtg A*bj Ellen. GuAwre Ssvannab forStJohn,NB,andproosoedTib). Sid7th,sshrFretDyer, Shute PklhdelphiABATH, Nor 8-ild sshr 0 1 Urapeshot. Sa*w. BalthnorVJ BUCxUPOMT. Bov4-SldLGoldenUtat,Wetmore,do;8th.bars'fflnSxfSsSsa(new). Beed, PtnsacolaBAKMsVBLANDING, Nov 8-Arr schr EmehneChester, Brower, SlirtaiHiriaBRIBTOIA NOT8 - Arr rtoop Pointer, Gardner, Providenof for Nfork. Sid sek s H Gardner, BrtsjRtsasn, NJrleu*; I * Hazard. Wilson. NYork. stoop Manas Intend, BssniagVjn, d iCHARLESTON, X<r* 7-Old Br schr Dread Not MeKaoowr. Nassau. SMsehrs Deborah Jones Taitax, sad Norman, Cot. 11ns, JtcksonTilleEAST GREENWICH NOT8-HIT sear Alntra, Hart, Xtiza*Just then the little blind boy felt slowly along tae rail tathe direction from which hta father's voice had come.Every eye ta the room waa upon him. Aa he reached our Senators and a dtattaguMhed politician, formerly of people, remains to be seen. The interest of Geor-that party. votedforbytheLincoln!ts6 70DISTRICTS.—ThefollowingH e ran aa toe Union candidate, and was400 ern States, expressing abhorrence of disunion; FromPort Carbon...0,906 16 ton, Thatcher Philadelphia Tetagraohed. brtg C W~Blag,, . 400Kansas, asys the democratic candidates for the Legisla- Southern men. Whether these conservatives andof anna the secession of any Southern State. If South Carolina solemnly decides, by popular vote, that, in her opinion, her interestsFINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL would be safer out of the Union than in it, the people of the United States will part company with6 40 7 86^ F.9T>.KdsehrsTWThorae,Davis,andOD~Butt*. NT^rtosacBAr PaaTtfrom Tauaioa), snTs'e** I s fSUNDAY, NOV. 11,1860. The week ending yesterday witnessed a pretty general curtailment of business, in consequence of the prevailing political anxieties. The Custom House figures, which w e subjoin, do not convey an idea of the movement that is proceeding amongChoice extra family and bakers' brands... 7 76 aSince January 14129,122,381 904,827,068 202,388,061 terial of war, to pay for United States forts andless active, and closed with less buoyancy for Englishports. T o Liverpool, about 1.3C0 a 1 .6 0 0 bushels were Prow, do for NYork (whh jtbboom soae); Helen Mar. Green;ExroKTS or PxonrcE AEDMBRCBAXOISBother buildings which South Carolina will have topurchase, and to equip and pay the military, na-val and revenue service which she will require.Where is this money to come from? It isnot likely that South Carolina, as an in-dependent State, could sell any bonds hereor. in London. The experience of theTexas bondholders would operate as aninsuperable bar to anyiuch negotiation. SouthCarolina enjoys a good credit at present; htr fiveper cents are at par, or nearly so; but her states-men must remember that secession involves avariety of possible contingencies, such as warwith the United States, servile insurrections, A c ,&c, which would be pretty certain to defeat thesale of any new bonds she might issue. It m ay bewithin the knowledge of tne South Carolina lead-ers that Europeans, who have lent and lost somany millions of dollars in Northern and Westernrailways, have always been shy of Southern rail-way bonds; the reason is obvious, and would ope- pints and quarta.PROVISOES —Pork—Holders exhibited more firmness The sales embraced 400 a 600 bbls., including mesa at 41918 a 419SO, and saw prime at 414 a 414 44. Beef was steady, with sales of 800 bbls. at 49 76 a 410 for new repackedmess, aad411forextra Lardwasinfairde- mand at steady prices. The sales embraced about 360 bbls. at 1 8 c a 127,'c. Cut meats were scarce. Smalt salesofhamsweremadeat10^o a11)6*0.Julia A Martha, Toothakar. and Alabama Gardner, < ;«Uut for do: Valetta, Green, BUswortb for do; Taagata. Bnmia::, VI- Balharen for Bandy Hook; AJqnixar Loex. rboma* n for —jThe public need be under noof the new nation which it is proposed to create.was in fair if quest, and prices were steady. The sales•x»ndm ?or do. M A Gmid. Philbrook. Baltimore for do; Bey* ehelle. Nicholson. Philadelphia for do; O OowL t-mtti Soadout* fordo; New fork. GoodsaTL NYork for do J B P«.i:-n b*s- keU. do for Port'ard; B H Cotoon do for Bangor; Fo ett, Eme- ry, to for >-aem, Texas, Orr. EliztbethTOrt Fordo; G fPres- eott, Pendleton Wilmingtou. N r , for Rockport; B J Talbot, Bweetlaac do for Portsmouth: H Grnat Newman, Phtla.tel- phla for Newbury sort; U Horton, Pendleton. Boalmit for do; I L Howard. *tahl. Bluff Point for Bi-A-nond. Me; 8 T Oarri •f D, Grace, Delaware City for Ly«n M G WUIarr. Parsons, Portland for Baltimore; a O Small, Cssna, ProrincMiwa for Philadelphia- Ada Amea Ames. HoekhvndrorM*w Yora. 9 J brte Black Hawk; sehrs Wm H Giluland J A Parsons, Sey- c h e l l e . B L B e r n , O 3 o w l , N e w Y o r k , G H o r t o a , A O S n a i l . BGWIUard.8tb—Arr brig O Heath. Load. Buuor for FhOadAlphta; s-h-s OMerrick, Ba«kell. Phuaaetphta ror Boston: MHaiev, H»'.ey, do for do; F.nrenee, Hall, and Baitera Belle. Turner, Ehsa- hethport for do; Helen Carroll, Bookiatd for Balum .re; Pilot,were 11.400 bushels at 70c 4 72o for State, 71c a 72' for A motion has passed the State Senate to appropri- Canada Etet, and 80c. for Canada West. Rye was quietAn arrangementgrowing out of political alarms, are no new thing eitherInthiscountryorinEurope,andnomonarchBorden, Colllna d oGALVESTON. Oct 88-ln port ships 1 W Faaaln, Brlg*»Sand B B Milam, arts, from Saw lark, sappassd jam arr, Saga brigs Vesta, fuller, and S P Bwett, Jewett, from Bossaa just arr. schrsJulia Fox. Leamtog front do> So-, Marietta TlUoa* Tilton, from nfladrtphteOff the bar »ih,barkTW House Bearse, from Liverpool, CM 23d. bark Pallas, Biddle, NYork.(iEoBGETOWS,'BC, Nov 4-Arr sesw Wava, Msrriak. Boston; Hesrletta. Jones Bavaanah CloSd. brig UUlaa, 8wa-zey, Mataniss; schr Harbinger, Oulttrer, Bsayor. GREENPOBT. LI, FovT-Arr sehrs G WOassnUnsa Ws!- den. NBedford (atd sld 7ih for Philadelphia); 8d, W H Rows, H a r r i s , B o s t o n ( a n d t l d 7 t h f o r P h i l a d e l p h i a^) : "4 t hs, fw en UaO b * .rckee. King, aad J H Ba-ey, Cotter NYorkJth sohri fa Diamond, Young, and Senator, Racke t, -—— (K 47th)HOLMES* HOLl, Net7. PM-Arr brtgStoGrande Green, atSI41a4147torwhiteOhioandIllinois,ti33a$135leaf.BaltimoreforSewbaryport;sehrsEbenSawyer.Snow,HITTER and CHEESE were in good supply. was unchanged and salei fair.The marketRica.—Sales of 60 a 76 casks were reported at 4'*c a 4Jic Prime was held at 4^0. a 4^0.4 40 a7 36 9003 H I P JPiilJ8J5LE W 3 . Port Ewen; C 8 Watson. Hal ock S» for PawtoeksS; Pwuisyl- vaata, Monro. Pawtueket for Pbuadelphta. Old hrU Eoergy,All rxflmja shoulabetealed.SPECIAL NOTJCE.and letters intended for the NSW TORX HSRAU)Depass, MYork Md tenrs Chas Whltin«, Wlxon, aad Satire, Adams PhiladelphiaPAWYUCRMr: NOV0-AJT schr J B Mitchell. Morris, Port Swew. S'd schr Pennsylvania. Mnoro. Pni'adelphta.8TMAMRS, Oat81—Arr-. ba»«s WsmWtad.iaaaders«ewt l d^^IN^N!ltal%vT»-Ar, brigBa.Aatonto,ColaSf.SAV.Y ork; NOT^TB, H Gamble, Powell, d a Grlflin. NYork.S S h h i i p p B B Z Z . . H H o o d d c* e e s s , , B B o o s s t t o o n n , , 4 4 4 4 h h o o ua r r s s , t ha i b b a a l l l l a a s s t t , , t t o o Z Z e sr e s c a ACo.WaatowedtothisportbysteeatocUnderwriter. Thessveralecmpaal<aofthtob*ttaltoBsMdhastedla1pa-HARTFORD, Nov 10-Arr sshr Yankee Boy, Rial <v. Ellxft* bethport Sld steamer Hstnem, Thresher, NYork; schr Doret- ta Eahn.Mirer,daLEWES,Del.Nov108AM-Brta HowardsadschrWstB Genuaretheonlyvsasslstaport. WindNW.NORFOLK, Nov 8-Cld schr Becj Vsndivar, Joies, New York. .1NEW BEDFORD, Nov 9—Bid sear Angel, Lacs, Eaxabeth- port.10th—Arr steamers Dayhxht, Springer aad Dawn, Perry, NYork Bid steamers Wamsutta, Arey, aad Dayhsbt, Spring-TjiRANcis xBUnYmLB»R,, MO.r torwsn amortsaeutof Dogstotheworldforsato^ornook*BCYLEA-StafalflhtaMange • are aad Ftaa ahjwrnteajarw seats par bottla l o p boarded, trained. **J«*P;£Sae. tk« aseosn saargad edtttoa cf "Buxtart B*ussnss»ramar. Patster,'Mrs •bafWiMD. Msad. P «Untitled Documentwill, Mr. Can-tare had to leave the ground without h»?J?groundwltoomthavtaT ly low rates—106 and upward. Holdersof billshaverefuse to buy thebest sightbills on New York BH,4Saraatsasftnvoutsidethebar Bark Exeter ittix from t-iwtn Forrest, No 14 WaUve fBr), Traafc, fromNdaya-BypSotBeptW.saBVPtssrfailaadUlnstrated,"YALOABLB BOOS FOB BALE f£J*m m &\mv£~mhad s thcthWUJstothnbnmanMysf hta eecoisds) ta < choosing amtIt is stated by some that De St. Romas oWtlThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streetdrawn or endorsed by the Charleston bai T i u » U * *m AnkfFulton New 13069York2www.fultonhistory.comRAwfoundtaad sadJt Bsrmard 8tat^waWE<^^.Ws) 