 !.;»(<-»¥^i^»»*(--' •.- mVI*! — ttJL. IXNEW-YORK,FRIDAY, MARCHtlt, Bbaaaaer T, Oktley; bate.Mesers. Bsu and P. P. Mnarar objected to this sya-teiTier. pealed aU chaiten and laws eaaferriag these powers The Nov " npoa Maw-Yark,ao fares ihnweie noexeeatad, istke pmfittifrwoaM go into Wali-vtrMt andMr. o'liuHm no^ad to unend l>y stilkiic onl tke name of Ricaus Fkikcbot and Iniert that of Aibah Baowv.BILL u—WHO raaaaD it—otbbb out kail- throafh almost every avallahie street and avenue la \^ name of the the people agaiae^'pgv?^.*,vi '*'!'!*iK«f!».^.^fl-i"3r*:.?!^J^J'^'^'ty^^^.-u^J^^ri^.^SHSf*-»i^:^^i*r ^^ IT^ oc-.NO. 2642. "XFTHJCmt ATJIAUV# flbe Vilf«rul Railroad tait«.T«t.Cit7.9. 1860."•f.^Bttofanileh milk for hto fusil y. or ^oMXm deelsloa oa the qnestloB to the popalar vote of the pecially amoaf the old AeMtais sal tke New-Totk nsnHofToil Bill ta tke Bouse. BBOOItTV RKUBS U COURT.March e, the Collectors aadqnestlooported la the Assembly by Mr.Poss—that tt- takes InMXBTB BT TBB OAWAL BOAXD—DB. BKLLOWB those left out by the coaibiaatioin that put thoaa WDs lUctally established, aad aasabaeqacat leglslatlooAUAira,Thorsdar, n^e Canal Boarf appointedI wrote yon yesterday of the fact that the Bern- referred to tbany-that a special aaealoa was ocdared"mliishie. eeafimailoaoTJhk.wastheb]£;«UUMtetthat WMlah,whilefeehlawwasoparadve,wereTraighMiitfT* Tftt sfiesrs :mm,ateamahip Nott Seatian,Twrk withoot the actton of the I.egislatare. •oaaaal for defendants was Kz-Jtidge Bmam.TheThe Paris Bourseclheardgyonths advanced aad^ elooa^aigfrfThe majority of the Committee reported favor- ably on the blU to amend the MetroDOlltan Police law.The bill to create a Nautical School in the liarbor ofNew-Yorkwasreportedfavorably.BILLS IDTBOOTICXD.To prevent and punish frauds in the sale of goodsand personal property at auction.To protect boarding' house keepers, by giving themthe right to detain baggage for Doard.The bill to amend the poor-laws of Kings Countywas passed.THI BKOADWAT PARALLII. BAILBOAD.The special order being the third reading of the New-York Seventh-avenue Railroad bill, it was then announced.Hr. LAPaAa, President ^ro fm,. In the Chair.Mr. Co>nou.T moved to recommit the bill with in- structions to amend by providing that the corporators of the road must make arrangements with the omni- bus lines for the purchase of omnibuses.The Chair (Hr. Laphah) decided the motion not in order, 4he Senate having ordered that the final ques- tiononthebillbetakenatUiis hourwithoutamend- ment or debate.Mr. CoKKOLLT moved to recommit the bill. I«st, Ayes15,Noes17.Atxs—Messrs. Abell, Bell, Colvln. Connolly, Ferry, Gardiner. Mannlerre, Montgomery, Monroe. P. P. Mar-, atnhde tdhee- afteenldya,ntbsefore the extpoiratthieosne of their term;terms of sale. The agreement also provides, by im- plication, that the present high rates of toll may bethe StateA Hong Kong latter saya that Bie elalna ofBDASI OXthat to.reportedReport agreedpasisge, reioliingaSSNATG.m BBOASWAT FAXiXLU KAILROAD.freighton milk the Erie bywasRailroad, adversely.bat the bill for by, Benjamin H. Stillwell, Thomas H. Tower, further and the vote taken on the final Interruption,reported, for a Conference of the tnhad.WunsnAT, March 7—P. M. fttm He AUmt EvtKmt Journal, Monk 8.view to the new arrange-Tkefienate,]]! Committee of the Whole, Hr. luwacaca in the Chair, coniideTed the Dill to authoV- iseaeomstraetionofarailroadinSerenthaTe- ave and other streets and arenues In the City of New-fr. OAiBDtts moTed to amend the first leeUoii by ont the name of Wn. H. Hats and insert thePmaMcaaAT. Lost..ofMr. Miaiaaai moi«d to amend by proTidmg thatmencing In Fifty-ninth- street,track along Seventh- avenue to Greenwich-avenuelor fta three days added up 22,000 bales, of which S,MM(Ar were on speculation and for export. The aM^atclosed slow of sale for the better atw^ qotiMei,!tm» eaat should be paid in the City Treasury for ereiT pasamger. Carried.Mr, ComouT mored to amend by proridiss the pajmcnt to the City Treasury of tl 00 annually to MdlMT. Lost.Ml. P. P, UmRT suggested that the bill, upon its Ihce, appeared to be a most splendid concern, and naleas other Sanatora were better posted in regard to .tt than he, they were not well prepared to rote upon It. There appeared to t>e a great deal covered up in Uda bUl, and without further Information upon it, he womU not be prepared to vote upon the bill. He morad that the Committee leporl^rogress on the bill.L<MtMt. P. P.MtnFHT moved to strike out the enacting;thence along Eighth-street or Clinton-changed prices,8TATI or TELADX IH HAaCRlSTBB;- * 'oUnte of the bill.Mr. Miamsa had hoped the motion io report prog-reaa on the bill would have prevailed. The bill wasLoel.thence thenceterms In required;Lost.Mr. McLsoB McsFHT moved to amend by strikingstreet with a trackdesbeinjury can result thereby to the defendants.out the name of Wiujah Lohbs and insert the namethence along Macdougal-etreet tothence along Bleecker-sireet with a purpose solely, and witha view of Theterm proposedrebuking May 1, lt^61, and tne present leases do no. expire un-TheLondonMoneyMarketwasof WALna L. Cassih. Agreed to,;;sUghfly• Mr. Mahizui moved to amend that the tracks betho folly and selfishneFS of the cabal that andlaid under diiecUon of the Street Commissioners up on the grade now established, subjected to regola- tioos of the Common Council; the streets to be keptsteam not to be used. Lost,Mr. Paoesix moved to strike out the name of JahibMuiTKT and insert the name of Hxhrt Vf. Sags.Mr. Oaantina moved to strike out the first sectloaing helped by many, not twuuse thev had any Atxs—Meurs. BIoihI, Colvln Fiero, Grant, Hammond, thence Centre-street to Chatham-street or fiiendshlp for it, but becauseKthey had someIn repair— alnrdeadyrewaiclhledinecarrelayseamillion dudroiLnagrsthaenneunasluliyngQITUlCBTOwa..;Sessions, Splnola, Truman. Warner—lltihaemn-csetrweietth; athseincglee trackof the bill. It wasbeen printed with much greater dispatch than any- thing that bad come under his notice during hin shortto Beekman-streetintersect the said track in Parkrowdouble track along Centre-street, from Reade topas- sage of the bill through the Senate, and who does not express his willingness to see It go through the House. Perhaps this feelJiunsgt nwoeuwlIdt Icshange, onofthe saotbtehre,the plaintiffs contendlegislative experience. on the bill. Lost.He moved to report progress .incor- the National Hall Democratic Association of;also, with a sin-of old more than discomfiture opponents,;seilles Liverpool,reportedwith a thence along Leonard-street to in-which is at war with the of our Gov- spiritwsB ventSated.Mr. P. P. MosFBi remarked that It was evident tohim that there waf, in this ease, a power behind theed,andnotasouablatimeforezamina- jWi<U>|raUMlVlUlMUS aooaKadthat the hill was very slml- ]arto«lMnfliat MdbeentqMm our files during theIt was better to have these bills dis-streetstreet to East BroadwayForly-second-street, New- fork city, beloie in the morning.of hisOoaqaaythicaa greater than the throne itself.^n swts reported this motnlojr. It was already uponthe law of landlord and tenant, and It was ordered to;pro|.4rty. Tills is aimed at the whole tribe of^roock auctioneers, and is designed to beall theferries,"entinposed of aa early as poaaltde.swjJai.capitalIn the business ; and that no estimate of adequateMi. p. p. MuaFST stated that this was a mammoth eoaeaiB. If tike various projects wer«.4ivided up so flat.Jf beaelicial, many might enjoy the^ttzUege, itwesadbelessobjeetlnnabSrMr. Mmnoi moved to amend by providing tbnt.aH»'liaarth the net profits be paid to the City tieas- that, as the Lerlslatare exer-over the New-York City Railroads, llsooeaUon. It was a matter of sur- __Itabiasilist <n>tllreportedat1orao'clockto- Mrikw|db« ntated sad mtij tat action this evea- Sja. t^9mti»mwt tt tfcebin aeemed to be a fore-from a reduced rate can be otherwise thanIalso, single track, alMigCorporationthis morning, and had;The bill beforein Park-rowner of Avenue D and Eighth-street along Avenne Dthose which did not pay would be dis-itThe tmdertlgned, who lapraaiat forand others an realImportant .f^-i~*»t_»also,1Couaty, which was rejaeted. Adjourned.'oJ^^lNEWS FROM^ en. Tke btU that waadisplaytag so much stieagt Feiry 0>mpaay, er If M iril be >B aknaa ofE«rtM«Ml•oBm»i>*•niw-He^ooW»ot»tarth« Nn bccime the »»»« " »oU^ men were to tt-ta-waaaseweeae^-nottweaty-foorbonnold—hadta powett,araviolatieaof•§iaipUadMadltiaaaupona large list of aaaes, gf whom but few wan wUohthetnstl* eaae )i eataUUhad very held, aprepwMr, Com, before ToUiic for tb« bill, woold like to or THB BILL IN THE SINATS. know the wltbei of the peopla llrlag along the—— MOCK ADCTIOHSgogal,ahoold,be restraload beeanse by iajaaetioa,20inoes, 12:as follows:streetthence along Readestreet ta Centre-street alongtheir sale andleasewillIn American Securities therehad t>een aawMBO kittng opCTmUo*—nojrpec«l»tlonHOTE8 FROM TRB CAPITAL.w THt GBZAT CUT KAILaOAD PlOJgCI—WHAT THBThe HoxMeotiu ttai*t« itwkteh ilie «oipenkk>raknown,aadprovided for constractlag railroads far aa tajoaettaa to be ianed la an aedaa bronghttai o'8t.Mi^iticeti «k(i« the n>ad Is piloted to be eonatnicted end woold Inqnire H any petttioBS on thla tobjeet had— — DIRTBICT OODBT IHl OITT DMT TBI TOLLThe shnwdcft of the lobby Intimate that Itli a feBdaat-4he in 184^ HaBflton-aTenaa, Norember,been preaested t The dbcntilon on Ikla «oBvteeedUmthatthlawmanotthe piroper plaee to decide «pon apyllcatlons of thli eharaetar.' It ihonld becarriednearerthepeople.Mr.OaaaonB'anoflontoamendwa«loeL«bailtleaofflieState.Mr, Snnou mcred that the CommitteeBILL—I'BBPACmOKAILBOAD—APPOial-eoualer project to tke five bllli so mystei^oasly reaad the 'WaO-atrcet Ferry, la May, 1853—the defend-Mr. PMaoa fnrtlier ad-rocated theh^ the Bwet tnllnenite, thegoveraaseatal power been nnlened theof liia ascBdanat that after IS per cent net wasreallied to the eoiperatora, half the remainder should go to themoat age.boUaessaBdkBoirtedgaofthete-dar. The following an the pilsd- ress on the bill. A greed to.The tjsastlon being on agreeing with the report ofSmou stored that the bill be ordered to a tlilrdbe taken to-mor-Thea recentoidBlaaofJadgeScaoae,laCourtofAppeals— thesadofFebruary,potlaherelUsdaysthe Committee,..t,purpose—as followsplyingInoneparcel theCompanypossessingItselfoftheout-proposalHanover had consented to sabott Ifea qaLawrence.J. M. Murphy. Ramsey, Ricbmoad, Robertson, Rotcb,arrearages to make good. The extraordinary success ol the movement, so far, may tempt its projectors to try its strength in the House. If they should seriously undertake it, the bill vrtll pass. There Is hardly achange.LAIIST MASEIT TIA LlviapooL,Thursday,Feb.21.Kellv,Ketcham,Lapbam,McGraw^Munroe.Park-row; thence along Chatham- streetandfected by the action are immense the tolls havinglarge^while the principles involved are of stilladoptionJTtie- Ftrk Hau*. ty, AIBAJTT, Thnraday, March 8, ISM.adioitBeti, eeor-report prog-UiegaL Ta* power oftheLeglsIatare to resume the right to ate had snddtnly reported all the City RaUroad tfflt Veke.r iliMiMWifcl^lii 1 miilf that eatahudi fotoie fsrnes after the power has l>een f»»i •«* •** granted la a naidpal corporation Is aiSraed In theMarch 8.tants of Biooklyn and New-York, and against agree to a modification In the eoal >lisililhaaaPlaornkg-rAonwn-tsotrBereotadtowavWiGoes, Bitlbouse, Manierre, Montgomery, P. F. Murphy, William-street to Fulton-streetof20.Noes—Mcfcera. Abell, Bell.Connolly, Ferry, Gardiner,;Prosser, Williams— 12.Mr. BxiL moved a reconsideration of the vote. Hisobject was that the bill might be so amended as toton-street to South-street;property-holdRearilroads, who Is not at the oppose City rejoicedisan tosuitalnamo- duUandbarelyashighasonFriday. attemptShlpplag InteUlceaea*.Arr. from New-York—Veb. U, BoatbBOre,at Var>Lost—11 to 9. Mr. J. UcLxos Muspa; introduced a bill toporateprotect the rights of the people.' Leonari sfeetstersect with ihe track in Elm-streetgle track connecting with the double track In Hud- son-street at Troy-street, along Hudson street to the southerly endVof Abingdon -sQuare and Bleecker-Mr, SnaoLA referred to a cas^l^here, with the Sena-tor from the Sec<ad, (Mr. OASDunia,) dispatch wasof the greatest ssoaeat where a measure was beforetheLeftslatmetotakepowerfromthelocalauthorl- Jr.,JamesT. Soutter, Gideon J. Tucker, Gilbert street,toIntersectwitnthedoubletrackinBleecker-their satisfaction at what has takenA bill to amend the Metropolitan Police law wasSenator Fisao introduced a bill this morning, re- quiring the Erie Railroad Comnany to carry milk at;Arr. from CkarUston—Telb. 10, Ploaeer, atUyanMl. Arrived from Seniaxnalt—Wtb.3B, Onwud, atOrer-:;Dean, Edward J. Hamilton, John Farrell, William SeebachandPatrickGarrick. Theyaretohavethe power to erect and bold the building, in which therehad alluded to was before the Senate somethn* weeks scaieeljr dlipoeed of with dlsoatch-aod that ttie Senator from the Third oecupiea abouttwo'dnys la Its discussion. The act alluded to was left blank. The corporation is also to have continualstreetthenceBleecker-street toalong Macdougal-at stow u. pool 2l8t,Xmplre. Qaeentlaa of Kew-Yoik relativs to tiiese railroads and vestalso commencing at the comer of First- avenue and Thirty-fourth-street, and running thence, with a double track along Flrst-avenne to Twenty- thlrd-etieetfavorably reportedsend you the bill asreported. Itsprovisions nave been mainly determined upon by men la the confi- dence of the majority. I think this, or somethtng very like It, wiU pass.ferries. A condition of the case principalemool.withdamage. . ^ _. Mem.—The National Qoard, tna UTaQagl>*rflakTesten, has pot back.The OpealBB of Wadleaai aTaaae. lb tu Editor of Hu Ifnt-Tork Timtt :New- The York.Fer- nando Wood, John H. Brower. Wm. B. Lawrence,b fh*£egialatar«. He quoted from the Nsw-YoaxJlr; Ousmn believed the bfll the Senator from shall be a hall of sufScient capacity to accommodate Avenne Athat the lessee should run the several ferries at aItTutm ta favor of addlttonal railroards in New-York at*.late of not the presentAm nM;;along;of the said the term of the fenies, duringlncorpor,itorsare as followsplace.the National Democrats of the City ofto Irase sny portion of the building. The capital IsThese provltions, he contended, were highly Important and beneficial to the inhabitants of both citieslimited to $300,000, In— — a rate especially Brooklyn as without uniformsome ferries would be over-crowded, and proper- ty in that neighborhood benefitted to the injury of other portions of the city, while, if not obliged to runyour paperappearsshares,succession.Mr. CoLvm spoke at leneth, in Committee of theLewis-street thence ;Whole, in favor of the land owner's bill,amendingroad track througha third readtagwMr,CoaaoUTintroduced bill toappointCommis-continued,asioners to lay out that portion of the ClW of New -Yorkto Houston-street Gosrck-street;efiective. The crime is clearly specified, alties are made very severe.and thepen-now rely npon them. He adverted to the complaint,Ilying north of One Hundred and Fifneth-street, andto change the of the streeta and avenues lying planbetween One Hundred and Twenty-fifth and One Htmdred and Forty-first streets, east of fha Tenth- avenue,andwestoftheline fiftyfeeteastoftheoldstreetthe track as heretofore anthorlzedSenatorMAmzaxxa billantherixingtheargued apparentthat the Income derived by the lessees of the ferries from the present rates of fare had not, in feet, ex- ceeded a fair return for the and risks involvedimmediate vicinity, and whitA it to baafli^^^of Mr. CAK?aaix to a few ftcta ead qoeetiaaa. 1. Sofaraswecanleam,theprapertyoiwith nsld road. The bill to prevent the sale of frauduleat passengerIs not to exceedIn the House, the General Orders move up—mostlyKing's Bridge road, running parallel(50,000.of the whid iaOBatteon their part.2. Thepublicnewspaperreportstickets was sent to a thirdreadlnf. Adjourned.localthe track in Fourteenth- street; also, with a Among'them^flttASSEMBLY.ALBAnr, Thursday, March 8.The Speaker announced the business first in or- der to be a motion pending at the adjournment, to or- der the Railroad Toil bill to a third readhig, and gavereading fund thewithin and the beyond(tf the aeilMioffta very caiefaHy mm-jMMMiri£MWttMtndiBg be oadentood that the floor to Mr. Flaslu, who moved the previou' Sxc. 2. Sail railroad shall be constructed upon the most approved plan for the construction of City rail-ors and weigh masters to day. GsoBOS H Msrcti.r Is appointed collector at New-York, The appolnt- ment of clerks has not yet been aiade.and to be admin- istered in that relation, does not impair or disparageZmSmit Sit iffl etafat. TIm bru nrovided for uylittiMfe* ta Binir in the «Boee«pleo street* that wen vorlfc iiiMtiuiitiM n»di la. Mr. B. had co-question.Mr. Coona called for the Ayes and Noes on theroads, and shall be run as often as the convenience of passengeis shall require, and shall be subject to such reasoaable rules and regulations in resyeet thereto,the right or title of the City.tary condition of the City of New-York, last evening. The act of May, 16, 184S, so far as it roust be con-njsiatiilwitha*CwiSirftotatheThirdDistrict callforthepreviousquestion. Hedeslrsdtoseewho asthe CommonCounciloftheCityofNew-York Ulr. BrsNU) to ntaee the fstrtaga between New- favored the gag law, as applied to a question of such may, froc time to time, by ordinance nrescrllw, andone of the advocatlag the BaaMMfMa paitleaand the amount of which Isstreetshould be a forfeiture of the lease.New-York,;a price not exceeding three-fourths of a centaquart,lease,:-lpiTHiBT or uBuea cuajw. Bi.J«aai,lf.r.Rotcn, Truman, Wililams—11 way and to Greene-street; also, with a doable track Kois—Messrs.Blood,Tlero,Goss,Grant,Hammond, fromthetrackinWestBroadwayalongDuane-streetofagnatdealofImportaacetotheCityofNew- phj,Prosser,RamseyTark, and he had trusted that Ume would have been BiUhQnse, Kelly. Ketcham, Lapham, Lawrence, Hc- to Broadway,for Its examination. He tnistsd suoh a comne Graw, J. J(. Murphy, Bichmsnd, Bohartsoa, Saaslons, Eleventh-avenue tna Tidtty-seoood-street, and thence not. iquiet-;t««aj.glraawoiUd be pomed now, 'He mofed to amend that no rails be laid exe^ under the supervision of the Street Commissioner.SpinoU. Va.aer—IT. with a double track along Eleventh-avenne to Four- ' There are all sorts of Itrnrnon aloat as to Itsthe bill, with Instructions to amend. TheChair(Mr.Laphaji) decidedthemotionoutoforder.Mr. PsoBB^a appealed from the decision of the Bleecker-streetthat which construes '• the combination"tobeacounter-plottobeattheRaUroadChair. TheChairwassustained—ayes,S3The bill was then read through and passed-ayesthence along Crosby- thence along Howard-street to Elm- street; thence along Elm-street to Reade-" It has been more til originate the fiie bills."successful, I think, than was supposed—be-May 1, 1861, and MayJuly, lbC3.andfor accountAuxBicAii sicrEirm.;noes, 7.;e4Ji®95lOAD bills—PBOnCnOH 0» BOAaDIMO- the City. Nothing waa known of where it cane New-YoA. j BODsa anpzis—milk nmsBT oir thb A«m, aad hat law saspected where it was golag to,irrcck of— POLICB LAW ZBIB KAILBOAD MBTaOPOLlTAHor at what time it would stop.ahead, or where it woaldaadaitetwDof them, whleh ware eitabUahed by the de-WilliamHlgglns,Tompkins, Andrew B. Hodges, William Lum-francs.Prussia and Russia, it wasplace;In 1S9, bills to construct three roads were pro- ' "which it places tills Compsjiy aad other biddeis in ;Bssr quiet with holders offering 6«ely, batHavs, Hunt,street to Howard-street;street;required:;1;in the Senate this I morning._ Arrit^edfromAfoMe—Feb.10,AlbertOaOaHa.atU*-;3 o'clock Mr. Ramsiv Introduced a bill to pnnlsh,frandulentCompany, respectingplans;balawt;second thought feeling joyII«W BtniDntO JOB WMT-»•OKBABITAKTLAWS—CB0WD8OPMBW-TOB^- tatheHouse,sadthatItsstrengthtatteSeaaleisdoe hanaggiventbemleialexisteaee.IBB, AC. ffemspendsHM VCUaad that ifkm Va««sr;*r«r>B.B. Powell, P.I^awls; Kochea- row at 11 J< o'clock, without further amendment or.de- eoBblaatlon'' did not break down, one thebU)*.- taWfiNto'' tossed" last al^t—" wonted" aaever goveinmental power to eatahUsh ferries, and re- afready received.eW(««lerc—Itew^Tork, Geo, B. MetealfIfr.{or their eonalderatlon lasteveningtheof MLiKUHmmmbtrntimifMliktclmL Tbeyeer That portion of the act oi 1849 which resumes the, ,Albaaf;iCoeapany. of Coat Her dates an fourreading, antf that the final questionwkat I ealled tta OmaIbiw-woaUI«»fat UMpb TbeieHloawashe]d-»4ta oeiAlMitaa* did not; TItlea, CordeB Hackett**— Tan Cott; Tr>7> tem of wholesale legislation—no opportunity was be- breaktdown—and the bill »ai pat' tiiraafh-at least, They ^, hosraver, C. Cs," and ftoogh bow not repealed by the saended Charter of I8J7. Full The steamship JVerUT. PhOiptJttca, David DoaaldsaoiridtiniiTrV•M> T I sishg«V,A]katB.Xla«, \Bochcs-ing glres to take toiss upon Important amendments olicred In Committee.The question was then annonncad as on Mr. Brai-through as br a* It woald go under the mlea. When Am Senate met the only bUl moved was* themay givenlight OD their feet" when flMy come down. But iBg in any manner to the of New-York the gov-.;naCclJeetoi'iOaoesat Jordan sad Ithaca ara oiA's motion.Mr. P. P. MuiTHT called for a dlTislon of the ques-Bghtthey wlB,i^obablein mfMt of HtM Isjnaetian, took {he ground that the ctdtaaaca <i*fa>g the Company permission to con-., Connolly._„ ^. Gardi-should ever become a it is not now so law,ble that it may reach that point.Srsati and ft, F, AlBiswt, connael forimprot>a-the President an- Commissioners provided for in the Act of 1845, by created a warm debate.traet the RaUroad was illegalboth Boards on the same day, contrary to the thlrty-ment or debate.Mr. P. P. HuarBT moved an adjournment. Lost—10 to 20.The question on taking the final vote to-morrow atUa A. M.vrasput and adopted—19 to II.The motion to take the question wlthatit amSSid-Jiuryky. Bamsey, Richmond, Robertson, Rotofa, Bet-moved toaareath section of tne Charter of April 14, 1854ingty wffl be ratified.Lord LccAs's motion against.'---'UIthat tke Boaida were ezeroising a legislatlre power whichthat the grant was In Tiolatlon afttaIswof18S4,wUehrequiresthattheconsentof mentordebatewasadopted—18to13.2.is ordered to aagreement Ferry CompanyIhcj did not possess;to vest in the latter aof the ferries between New-Yoik and Brooklynand for cnssion.the Incomeowners on anj nmtemplated Une of rail- MJtjIuUbelistobUliMd; and also that the recent Act tiMsea Jan. 30, ISAO, expressly prohibits the eon- siractlon of any railroad within the City of New-TBI FSOCKIDIHOB TISmtDAT. [BI nUOBAFB.]AiBAKT, Thursday, Remonstrances were presented against specialgrants to railroads in New-York.Several petitions were presented to regulate the:Senate and Attembly, do enocT as folUnas : JaScsocbTios 1. JWaimlelsiaSm. H. HayMsl,nEtdhwoamrd B. St. JoJhrn.,;be of the aUTerent omnibus lines likely to betion, and it was rst taken on di(charginf the com- mittee and ordering the bill to a third reading. Avraed to—ayes 16 noes 12.when Senator Spdtola moved to " report progress and said to " own the House." If so of Th« H.inlltn.,^v.«»t .«jS TKall^lrr^t f«rri«<« hav-year." They are ** been cstahliihad 'Mia to estabUs^ She had dgbty-el^itpeaiacea ^tiin«Knd ease, was made peipetnal UMlar. Wuuui M> mond, Robertson, Kotcb, Sessions, Splnola, Triuiian, that Itthem wasvested m lolelffaqonetioB In the Boards of Aldermen andC««BeflmenofNew-TorkCity,intheYonker*Hail- Atis—Mriirs.Bleod,Fiero,Grant.Hammond.Kelly, andtltatthebillbeorderedtoathirdreading,and %ep draft1% im board. Only two peibtufi l>ecoflie the property of the State, and theSenator Smoi.A moved to KetchsiD, Lawrence, McGraw,, Mouroe, Ramsey, Rich- be read a third timethe ConuBitlee, do they own the House t Twenty- four hours ago had " a sore thing" in the Senate. To dayWarner, Wllllsms—18. Nois—Messrs. Bell, Colvln,Mnrpby, P. P. Mnrphy. Prosser—; it was passed In final vote at 11)4 A. H. to-morrow, withoot amend- Kelebam, Lapham, Lawrence, McGrair. Munroe, J. M. theHrR.aiRlircoHaAdxnbill.may be true thatthe pialntifis ate In eiror in claiming in ttie complaintMr. Disaaau's motloB for theFrench Treaty in advanoe of dtacaMbalbil (j^aintiBs,Perry,ner, Ooss. Hillhouse, Uanleire, Uontgomery, J. 11.that the to the fenies is vested in the right regulate13.The question was then anitounced .on tailing thethe foUoiflBg voteAxis—Messrs Blooi, Fiero, Croaf, Hammond, Kelly,This at 11 morning,o'clock,reason of ihe repeal of so much ol that act as createdsuch so it Is CommlaslonerB,IS. liOBS, iipinola, Truman. Warner—fore the defendants shotild tie restrainedthem. from leasingThe Injonction should be granted, because the pro- rosed sale and lease would Be the fruit of a eomUna-t>etweea the defendanta and ihe.-Frederick T. HavB, WlUiam H. Geer, Henry R. Low, William P. Buckmaster, Lewis A. Cohen, Alaoi F. Robins, William B. Smith, James Murphy, Joseph 8. Craig, Richard E. Wlnsor. Jacob Russell, John B. Babcock, Burkly B. Hbtchkiis, R. Schuyler Hewett, William Raveeteyn, John Petigrew, Richard Fran- chot James Flln, John C. Thompson, Nathaniel Bar-Ayes 20, Nays 12—a fuli^Senate Atxs—Messrs. Blood, Colvm. Fiero, Grant, Hsm-mond, Keilv, Ketcham, l.apham Laxcrence, McOrhw Munroe, y. M. iixirphy. Ramsey, Richmon't, Robertson, BoKtsoha,sS—eAsbseiloln,s, BSepllm.ola, TrnmaFne.rrWya.rnGeard—i2n0e.r, Goss,11along thence along Ful- thence along South-street thence along BeeKman-street tothey ten yearsCOTIOB—thence along Twenty-third-street to thence along Avenue A to Fourteeath- thence along Fourteenth-street to Avenue ; thence, with a single track, along Eighth-street to Lewis-street to Grand- thence, with a double track, alang Grand- thence along Ea!st Broad- way, Chatham-square and Chatham- street to the trackalso, with a single track, from the cor-thence along Houston-street to ; tfience a'eng Goerck-street to Grand- thence klong Grand-street, to connect with also, with a dou- ble track, from the comer of East Broadway and Canal street along Canal street to Broadway; also,with a double from the corner of Grand and track,Lewis streets, along Grand-street to the East River;mi/ormand that ftahre, disconetxicneueadnicneg of one rates, anyD;thence along Avenue D to Eighth-streetreturn of the cans. that including the empty Also,the shall all milk by the way of Pier- Company carryand that it shall be landed at a south of mont, pointa caid boa of the Harleas RaBhsadAr-with a double track, from the comer of East Broadway and Clinton-street, along Clinton-street tosecnrity Incompatiblewiththepublicinterests. MeetingthereceivedprojectsAvenue B thence ;Avenne B to intersect withbilUi'he contended that the franchise of ferries between the City of New-Yorkalongto a thirdwas lioat^gof the other side,Tenth-street to coimect the track In Avenue B with the track in Avenue D with a Eleventh-streetrange nas been from the earliest in the of thesingle track, alongSenateCommittee;to connect the track in Avenue D with the tract inThe orig- and distinct legi«latlve recog- nition and confirmations and judicial decisions con- cur in establishing this position. That this franchise,AvenueDsw-itches, for the proper working and accommodation of the read, on the routes heretofore specified.of property.not;togetherwith the necessary turnouts and;from New-York, who came here to;Sales, 6,000 bales, including 1,600;the Presidentsvlson and Metropolitan Police, and the Police Jus-tices of the First District, to locate and construct a building lor a Court-house for the First District Court;also,nopoly,ernment and the character of our people.Mr. EVABTS, in opposing the motion, went into a shortstatementofthecase. TheComptrolleroftheof New-York, in purstiance of authority from the Common Council, advertised for leasing at auction for ten years to the highest bidder, the ferriage be-tween New-York and by the Fulton, South, Brooklyn,Hamilton-avenue, Wall-street and Catherinestreet'that are emmentai power of estaUCIls^ntng ferries, which had OutThe ship £«»,&« BaminstruoOons to insert a clause requir-to buy all the horsea, omnibuses,posseulonInterfered with in the operations of these roads.Avea Thiswasrejected,byavoteof IS,Nays17.Mr. BlU. moved to recommit, to Insert an anumd- ment which he wished to have In. He did not send It Seventh-avenue, and other streets and avenues in up, but was proceeding to det>ate the bill when he the City of New-York. was called to order, upon the pound that the vote Tkt PeofU •/ tkt State of lfr»-Yark, reprffnted m had been ordered to be taken " without debate." The—Messrs. Abell and Williams—the was aAbsxvt Thefoltowlngistioa andredociag tax,the billas itthirdUnionmonqio-increasingreadingA> Act to anthorize the construetiOD of a Railroad inly monopoly;^It was reported that tke riaad^€Thomas W. Dixon, Edward E. Kendrick, RobertMarshall,JohnMarshall,JohnBerry,ortheirassigns, TwomembersfromNew-York,Messrs.KsLLTand ate hereby authorized and empowered to lay,construct, operate, and use a railroad Uirough, MniPBT voted Aye, and two, Messra. HASuaaa and1856'are in a fair chargedandcollectedunderthenewlease,while tobepaidforthwiOi,andtheleiaabiderlaInrtt,upon, and alon^ the following streeta and avennei In the City of New-York, viz.: Com-;way Camnerclalat its intersection with Seventh- avenue, and ruiming thence with a doubleThe sales of ConoK in the aa^at Liverpoolstreet to Fourth-streetIn 1S5S, a bill was introduced but never reached a vote in either house.In 18i7, a bill to authorize the construction of a railroad from the Central Park to the Astor House was Intioduced, passed the House by a vote of 89 toIn 1658 th« same bill passed the House by a very de-''the adHt ftrBroadway;LITIBPOOL BKIASSTUPra ItABKIT. Messrs. Riobaidsov, Snnci A Co.dull but firm at 23s <S28s. 60. Whiai iris aadsales Red at Os. 10d.4llOa. fld„ aad Wlalong;Greenwich- avenue to street or EighththenceClinton-placeplace to Macdougal- street; thence along Macdougal-thence along Fourth-street to Thompson-stieet; thence along Thompson-street to Canal-street; thence along Canal-street to Westalongbuild a railroad in a vote of 73 to 45.Broadway passedtheAssembly bythat an which agreement;thence along W^st Broadway to College-The advices fromand at goods yama*thence along College-place to Barclay-streetofplacethence along Barclay-street to BroadwayIn the Senate. was It; also vrllh a single track from the comer of Barclay and Church streets Church-street to Canal- street thence13, and was reported favorablyrot reached until the last night of the secsion. andthen too late to pass It, although there were 22 Sen- defendants profess to be acting ators declared In Its favor.;;along Canal-street to Green-street; thence alongthence along Clinton-place or Eighth-street to University-ferries ln,a lump for sale, and requiring the purchaserCoBV qnlet;sales of Yellow atGreen-street to Clinton-place or Eighth-streetbut was not reached in the although It was favorably reported.buy ferry;thence with a double track along Unlversity-cisive majority,Senate, dition of bis purchase in the ;unequal positioninLITTIFOOL FSOnSIOSMABKZT.;to Fourth street;thence along Fourth street to Mac-Ipect all ate untrue, exceptbilisln the House. I think it was formed lor that preciable of the lease was to commencethence alongto the Sereuth-arenue, and to in- jected. "eventing that competition at the sale which the< ing no disposition to press sales. Poix steady. ]firm. Lixnquietat57s.®Gta. Taixowslowofftind Union-place to Broadway iioadway;They were known as The Parallel," Thepiclear purpose the defendantSlacetersect with said track In such avenuewith a single track from the comer of Clin-required designate Indirectly;enabling purchaser,also or Eighth-street and University-placeFourteenth-street," and The Avenne D." Thereto;ton-placealong Unlversit;-place to Wooster-streetalong Wooster street to Canal-streetwith a double track along Canal-street to West Broad-was also a bill to confirm the grant given by the City and In excluding the great mass of the community but prices tinaltered.;part plalntlfl^; were doobt ol, yet a -troager ease eouldPtaaaennadta but/also, commencingat the comer of . moment you think it will—the next you think it willEven if the claims pteaented on theof theLoanOM MAXEXT8.thence along Fourteenth-street to Hud- nity—as to who got up,Hr. Piosau (the bill being read) moved to recommit teenth-Etreet and ail that Some of these may be true. But I sus-son-street;thence along Hudson-street ts Troy-granting of this lease until the legal rights of the par-at 60s. Lmxx&Cu. a7s. 6d. -Pis law Me. steady at6d.®56s. 9d.LOKCOK MOHXT MAJIEIT.thencealongTroy-street singlemaydeliberatelyadjudged. Scarcelyanyap-dougal-streetdouble track lo Crosby-streeteasiar. Consols closed on Tuesday at 043(e84^ for I; ;So see the bUl passed to-day is the first that has youshould t>e at least equalpresentat 31s.; Pearls inactive, at Iquiet ConaaduU. Rioaquiet LmaaaaOn,!Toik and Bioekiya. He woold like to test the sln- to the payment to the City, of the same license feecestty of Hm Senator, and proposed that the fare be vast importance, which has been ctmsidered but once annually, lor each car run thereon, as is now paidftree cents per passenger. There was a very large in the Committee of the Whole, and not even perfect- by other City railroads la said City ; and the said per- Had Dr. BxtioTfB come early and tarried long, 80 far as ths act may be consldeied as a legislative 5. The opening of this street vriU cost over a aO- oaual Inceme to eotpormUoas of this kind, a part ofwhldi wonM<go to tae citizens, In cheap fare, or tocommendation of the Executive, who deprecated Mr.Riu^E^tedtbeaeetlaD that provides for the hasty and Indiscriminate legislation.there is little likelihood that in the jostle and whirl ofconfiicting i»Uticai movements, and in the strugglefor precedence between private measures, that the lishes a different and Incompatible administration must subject of the public health will receive any atten* and management , . „three cents should be the price. If a general bUl cific Railroad.;this week. I think myself somewhere In the vicinity This Court has ao power whatever upon the subject possession of some of the best thorooghfares of thewere brought in, and we should regulate the rate oflaie, he would vote for equal fare upon allwould not make this proposed road an exception. t.^~ir.^i^*" !?"' '" *"« '*e»k a communication heOn moUon of Mr. Miiisa It was referred to a Spe- cial Committee of five.Mr. Woonacrr moved to recommit the bill to in-corporate the New-York German Liederkranz, to bereportedcomplete. Agreedto.such railroad, should such persons above named, orple you meet you'll find there when they ain't here.vet the whole purpose of this action Is to compel the Government to fix the tolls at a lower rateCity.??ai^MOl?V.''.'"','"'*.P»y'°»° '"etreasu-—ONXchises of the City from publicuses and emolumentsspectfully atk. Who pays someof the most dexteroositproperfor him, be would lUe to be a stc-k-thorized,ifaelr assigns,for the use or purchase thereof, they may acquire thecreatlngaahowofneBiostthoughtthose Theyfor the purposes of said railroad as above au- for which the said above named, orwho would servo the the cbeapest. peopleor Interest therein berequiredtions Inand for the purposewerebolder In the road at 15 per cent The profits at hiethe and ordered to a Whole,third reading.personsshall be unable to agree with the ownerWednesday Brooklyn, a CommitteeTiie proposition of the citv of Brooklyn and itsofthat it iseaata per mile would belent.—large .enough to iuslatn the deaf and dumb,aay snd un- who have to pay the cost of this stnpewiousdamage shooldfaaTe more weight thin snr necessaiy uarray of names with oar hoaorabie Legislature, pro- not with the Harlem RaUroad Company^fte blind, the Insane, and, als*perhaps, completethe ca-teenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth and twenty-larger***^'^nt eralimand to use or the title to the same, in the maimer Ex-Attomey-General TaxaAntx, right;Citybut hetheir assigns, deemitnecessary;orproperupon,to do. 7.*''« construction of a railroad in towns laf. He had talked to no Senator about It He should -Thl^m ^"'"^ Coanty. .^vMafogrthe biil,bBcanse the names of wealthy menbe- thenublicau„^;°'?i"'«'''»'r««"'»«''8 th* '«" ''^ road would be bollt; It would oe no kiting 4r w-,i .„i° "' "« session laws, election notl<He would have these loalj in every Im-It in New-York City, lie was In favor ofof the said 1850, ex- act, passed April 2,nugatory. will ifMr. Hahhohd had not seen this bill until this even- nf w.fJil.'l.'"''''first sectionscept that In any proceedings for any of the purposes*If we have plenty of roads thecjl'al ties of the City of New-York from carrying out theoompeti-the walk. He alluded to the mode Havana wascfitlfiraleof lo^tioi.Sic. 4. .Ml acts or parts of a.^.ts Incnnsisfeni with pripofed sale, which they have advertised,of leaseA correspond: n. , ^ .Uept a i«,tlal reco.;^^/ 4V-. .reasons longed. Suchacoursewasindirectoppositiontothere-sons above named, or their assigns, are hereby authorized to charge the same rate of fare fer the conveyance of passengers thereon, as is now charged by other City railroads In said City. And the saidhe might have effected something. As it is, direction for the admlnistrstlon or management ofofwhich the Harlem BaSniadOoafanranal tax per ear to hb paid to the City treasury.TfeiaMH]HopOMdtogranta fraachisa, which frandlMwaeiiixlerthe ooatrol of the City. The CityeonUnafce tt asvataiablo as it chose. Bat it isaid that the rate of fare should be fixed, and that from the State of California on the subject of the Pa- nues herein mentioned.fa-,sewing machines, weaving looms,Voder the previous question the bill was ordered Common Council are hereby authorised and require!6. The of this street wUl agnatto a third reading, 60 to SO.A communication and resolution were presented read In, upon and along the several streets and ave-amountaad moia—4o baa- I^jiireCKKTfare to not exceeding tnree brprovWInB rat«. of all claims the State, the Commissioners of Emigra- shall be asrertalned and determined- in the manner Corretpondence 0/ Ike Nev>-York Times.tion or Individuals may have against the county for damage or loss of any property by the burning of the Quarantine buildings. It authorizes the Lieutenant-the SenateMr. DwioBi a blU to reportedprovideat Albany, if the Harlem the same in the premises. On the contrary, the does not TRailroadCompany,s.i,d were able and re- Mr. Bau'a motion to amendthe Goveroir.ent, er of any officer or of City agentagents^hW^whompervisorsthen the amountof suchcompensationorpayment8BALL IT BXi!....,* We ask whether this scheme for d^Mx. Paoaaca moved an amendmentome-Tlnlfthe profits over five per cent, on the^.rnlthe road should be paid to the Deif and D Blind and Innne Asyhims, and such otherprovided bysix, corporations,March 8, I860. The question of cheap ferriage, so Immediatelyand property did not originate Railroad Company T Whether anyhiK the buslnees of the road. ^i-s'shall not Inmanner to this act or the said apply-^ tM patl- favor of opening Madlaon:<a*«n>al£ta not afternoons, when a delegation from pUT-suance of the imperative requirements of the law. been gotten up since the remonstraacea aei t aeat op,Mr. P.these roads should be built bypaymentpensions;cenil,*!. losfjfi't; 14of the sec- twenty-eighthgravamen of the complaint is that the Corporation ofthe City have framed the terms of the lease so as torevenues to the than Is com- produce greater Citypatible wiih the general Interests of intercourse be- tween New-York and Brtx>UTn and of the public at large. The averment of collusion with the Union Ferry Company (made only on belief) Is an iole Im- putation, impossible to be tme, and supported by no fact, but contradicted by every fact, in the manner of the proposed public exposition of the franchise, inrespectfullyowners or leddaiWhethatproViduui thatAleast, Thursday,to the thousands who daily passstroying streetsUrn Harlemhti of Influential properlyamb ,hi18S0 but the ;regtUate provisions*TheTo provide for thethan any other Invest- floMing debt of New-York Cityandof theof the Common Couuc.l, andWe are awarethat the Su- of Richmond County may hear and settleto private gain,charitiesthe other half to be Governor, Attorney-General and Comptroller tobetween discussed this before the Committee Spikola's bill, Tuesdayas the State may directthe City Government—providing also for reports eU-act Mr. Wiur introduced resolutions In favor of a lawImportantNew-York and Brooklyn, was fully week—in its popular bearings- oflhe Assembly on Senatorhave petlUoned for Uf to divide the Albany;paid to on behalf of the State.Madison-avenuethey have agreedthe Harlem Railroad Company?of for the Congressanyherein authorizedand should any real es-andwould undoubtedly make money by the franchise or following bills were coiuidered in Committee operating or constructingof the claims of the soldiers of the war of 1612.fundingpaymentnon-acceptance by the Cltyol >Jew-York, furnish support citypow f-r to maiic or perform any stipulations or agree-r«si>ecting siucf.KtpjovosiUoneaiyto to al- gat namesto grant to the persons herein named, or permissiontlon. Modem legislation Is for the importunate, nor the unfortunate, RecpUect that.The adjustment and regulation of the rates of toll, so far as the same are not controlled by the legisla-opening of valuabledestroytheir assigns, to construct, operate and use said rail-Sic 3. In the construction, operation and use of of Dew's saloon, as I go up the Park walk. The peo-to run intersect or use any portion of other railroad tracks now laid upon or across anv of the streets or avenues above named, they are hereby authorised to run upon, and in case they cannot agree with the owner or owners thereof, respecting the compensation or piyment to be made therefor,LEO.another scheme Thecomplaintpresentsnocaseforrestraintoftho Torpublicandprivatewrong,tobenefitthisfavoredIntersect or use the sameAND !.•( OB TWO—WHICBCorporation of the City from a corrupt or profligate sacrifice or diversion of the trust property or fran-corporation. With regardto Mr. AiiAit Cahpssll's card, we re-subdivisiontion of the act entitled "An act to authorize the for-the of the construction of railroads in cities," passed April 4, 1854.^of railroadmationsame," passed "April 2,act entitled An act relative to theand totoIhefactthattheoutswereanehthe stiu—eetpee- tteaalrepealofIhe 184»,^^trnj-vn^w W •mrtgtmmmi^ tierbefore the Supreme uthorlzed by this section, It shall not be necessary Court, General Term, on Wednesday, when amo-allegations of, or reference to, any incorporation, res'ralnlagthe corporate authori- stork, nrvoyiior map?, or or the filing of any petual injunction,..-, "??Z'^cro^f'i845sho,„.behe..i "...^Hnforce. ,. ..^ aride down town a ceul eheaper, The bill lorating Sv). .;..- r- ,..„<„ K..iiiin. ,. the fiovislons of this act, arc hereby rej.eaie 1 iJil de fer ten jeats, from Istof -Msy, 1881, of the five ferriesof ihc"-e low fare. If a man can, walk- by--'^'^f„ofr-aP/;^^°oa-i!e",tneawats by mocb&ai.-s in New- afcap' yaBrosd fare will gire themwarmtakrn'ur.'A-U., J;"''^*^.,'; 'i^ ''.«by*'^y.\iierewas good slslgh-fhrtber up town la comfortar ^^MBfeUavra a saving to «iery Ubor-Atquestion, the bill was ordereil i.,nas setUe-i, thethe other bills. the iobilts, es- Untitled Document«i,n-g" n"o one diIrtp-Hsia-under theafter thisquesUunleaM 'It mold be aMmadjourned,withouttaklog upor partofthem,orLfitisthe anysiviug10as all t«Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069the fenies,U,oppodUon b.lOKYork, opencl Mr. TauAm.to be restrained isIr uiit'cn "s-rauitnt the proposed tearing ^the pleasantll" o'clock,.Mr, DaxcT offered aope-^lon of the tt;t,iri n'i.iiLVli'imedfa'.rlyTlfecliurtintiaiated that an early declalsn Woold t«giftu." 'ro "wn"he.ere n1^- »b"u*-•*i*»•« « cr hi. fancy and goled him.'^^VCtV^^l'^K.',seasontU;^' 'J'^ j,, ,n,ai jjec 1 toprevlrus si-bsiuute, leavicj tie fi-.ilEerat*There was lnt..Bse excitement lai, 2a5n;d"ami a:c ap- bxc. 5. This act shall take effect Imaiedia'eiy.tJ-at wehav,"''^l,^^^winter tha mostr a ed to ( e iLopetative, eo far as the t pUi.ibie lo this act.the Union Ferry Company.President ruled the point well taken. Mr. Pxoesza appealed, and t7h.e decision of the Chair was sustained. Ayes 25, NaysThe third reading was then proceeded with withoutcorrupt agreementparticipate:gnat 1Connolly,Hillhoase, Manierre, Montfiromery, P. P. Mnrphy, Wassenting applicationsliams—12.CoKBouT, voted No.Mr. Biu moved a reconslderattoo, and on that mo-tion spoke at length against the bill. The motion to recossider was lost. Ayes 11, Noes 20. So the bill went at once to the Assembly.In IBM, a bill to confirm Jacob Seasp's grant tollqaidaiioB.for the Ninth-avenue Road. These all passed thethe onerous requitroitnhge rental. SuchLmnpooL psosvoc maker. RoeiB firm, at 4s. Gd. forAssembly, bat were"beat in the Senate"from becoming bidders, by reasonanyiblog eke, that animates them to the extent of declaringCityat Liverpool30th, Telegraph, at LlTarpiMl,sales ofpersonalto the Inconvenience of those who greatThe expenseearningsconjectural and speculatlrc, unless by a reduction in the accommodation and of the ferries quiteandreportedthe caning,expreta,aawalliof the Board of Comptroller, Super-bills orderedone authorizing the Comptroller todebt of the of New-York. CityA select Committee was' appointed to prepare a memorial to Congress, on the subject of the Pacificlegal pointsand Long Island shore,proceedingThe Toll bill was ordered to a tlilrd reading by a vote of 60 to 40.ferries in periodandnowIs vesteduponbill,Railroad. TheCanalBoardmadetheappointmentsof_"9oIIect-being Senate, they sent up renaa- strances, signed Wy a large majority of the preperty-Rev. Dr. Bxuows delivered an address on the sani-Tlal»BndeatebaxtaraadUm,tocstaUIA ferries ;theauelT«laUng of Alkea vs. The Weslera Ballioad easeana peer fanby ashypretty well up, I shall not be suiptind to see tb*m elfect he to tiie latter law without restor-Seotin hasrived at Qaeeaatown en the Mlh of «abt«a>T.aak leave to sit again." When the Committee roee. oevrse they can and will defeat the omnibus." But ingth».po<rerIhe State, tiiev would, iidischargeto-daywithout delay or amendment." On a division of thequestion each part of the motion was sustained' byXois—Messrs Bell. Colctn, ComuUy, Cardiis«r, Goss, theHlUtonse, Manierre, Montgomery, P. P. Morphy, Proe- ser—U.Sstlaltxeewd,ouldbeentitledtoreceiverentsandemolu- namesarenotgiven.Thereseelat 1134 .Say eosldnt get Uieirit dont seemfor Ifew^Asomnibua.'' It was discussed for about two bonis, daslised to " make anytldng out of railroads this been so eaiafully nsumed by the Legisl^nre la 18*5. been wrecked oalha Piaadi eeast nearfor five vote* certified aso'clock, good. Though It was not intended that the omnibus ments aocroing from them. While ItHnounced the special older to be the third reading ofrecommit, vrithyCorsoll^T' Slip pery Dick")true tiiat the fer- ries themselves were illegally established, and there-leirowa::corporators kind harness, and old traps of everythat mightin.. .,,,.,ament, applying to have the old leases fall In Immedi-dues ato General Conferotee.can cittzens for lossea sustained at Canton ta-tka yearACorporatiao The pnpoeed lease of the tre <srt<es wonld be Ille-!TlM Freach Truly talalMi ta •» 4raat baa no title or anlhority:soeh leriies having beenThe law of May 14, was a valid aad eonatito.a which woold lie detrimental to com- merce, injnrlous to the Interest* of the inhabi-public policy. ''It is not claimed that there isanytotransaction, if ultimately consummated by a lease ;"but the agreement to sell and lease upo^^uch terme.as most exclude from competition the great mass of mankind, and secure the ferries to this Company, isthe fact of the Union ap- proved, by Ferry Companyto Uie defendant to sell and lesse all the ferries;standing leases, and,'withmen of smple means stand leadytotake tile ferries and run them for one-halfoftheselrates. In pursuance of this collusive ajiecment, the defendants reject the authenticated offer made b. the Corporation of Brook- lyn to secure to New- York all the rents they asked In their notice of ssle, if they would reduce the rates of tolls one half, ro as to conform to the old and ab-'LITIK^LiBtelH^Mee. - COTTOg MAXm.rates.secures such undue advantages to the Ferry Compa- ny over all the world was founded in an honest sense of duty. It is insisted that It Is just as illegal and just as pernicious as though It were founded in actual per-rogatedConcedingwhile for thewere easier, but not quotably lower.sonalconuptlon.Maacbesterr^ot steady pricea.actualIndependent any agreement, proposedthesale and lease are a fiat and clear violation of the terms and spiiit of the act of 1857, under which theto the property ol such five fenies as a con-of the statutein thequiet,The probebUitles are not easy to determine. One potohwerrs ad itimbpuousneu implied power multiply 28e. Cd. Snaira Tuapnim steady, at 3ti. M.the Senate.IthasyettogototheRouse. Willit passthem? to tbem.everpassedconditionsare not sanctionedthe law of 1857. The the toequallyby^'--'''''•'-^iiF-' '--"-•.-•which liad npoa Corporation of New-Yorkaad sdn tanas whUi the defaadaat has assumed to ea-;In exposing the fivevanced Id.St 10s.6d.®i£s. e33s. 6d.Tr^In the of the profitsThe French Ministerial dreolaa dto the laws from tlie P^w,**ofttiat the amount bidpater- scarcely b« for Invoking the equlisble B'eady. Ria Inactive. Tka sloa of asitol who is it presentedputting through, power of the Court to lestraln by InjuncUon the without change. Tallow dull and ondaagad ;~ _The case could be prosecuted to the Court of last resort wittiin half that time, and then, if the defendants prevail, be free from the cloud thatnow over them. The pecuniary interests af- business done, but prices were without bangs —<I". ".'4.,'•bales greater consequence. The proceeding against which on speculation and for export The market closesand that it was from the affidavitsof thequestion, York as a matterFuwlk asiaai those most interested leansedCity of New-inal charters, frequentthe surprising niuure as its other franchisee, and its property at large, is pushed through \heholders seriously affected by the project.4. When these remonstraneei had been aiM for-vested in It as a public corporation,HehadbutanIndifferentaudience. Idonotthink struedasaffectingthsvestedrightsoftheCityinits ward,the Legislature Is easily moved to appreciate the im- ferry franehises. is unconstitadonaL But the terms one of the undersigned Oit thaycodU ftf^/tti^lt portance of that subject They must be drilled early of the act carefully guard it from such construction names signed to petltioBS for opeatng ttiiB the session, by men who understand the subject and such consequent invalidity. do so.railroadtatewere heard In favor'"^'* from levy and sale under a writ of ex- specified in the fourteenth, fifteenth, sixteenth, seven- of, and Messrs. Wa. M. Evaktb and A. O. Hau, on ments the conduct of these ferries. Be-New- the behalf of the Sinking Fund of York, againstIt is not that tnebill;and in iU leg.a aspcctsyl«»f«f at L'.e pri-seiu r.-.tes, &"t Iha'., I<hs..-.'. at ihf 'eJU;'"' the petition to the Supreme Court shall make any tion was made, for the purpose of obtaining a per- raUs, 11 shall i.roJuct if c'.:ch lis iln >>.J or exisungYour.y«,g^ca;ulij^,„HR.now runMr.J. W. GiuixtT, ofreportstion, and was supported by gnsd that, if the act soughtar-. 'r that'" n »» '^^'"l'^ »"' ,**Jft,'^New-the mo-They illegalgood —the ferry franchise, it has been repealed by the 41st llonsection of the amended charter of 1857, which estab-propertyThere Is an enormous rush of people to the capital tion of the State, rests with the City Government efit the Harlem Railroad Company, who already have^THE BROOKLYN FERRIES. THI BCBJKCT BIFOBK THB LKOISLATUEICitythan they are proposingWe can see in this project onlyTBI COCBTSnor breach of trust on the of any partofdivUa^ ]»twentyThe result of the vole was uaon,230; against it, 293; nsajarUyfior a*ment, 63.1This considerably gnaiaateee ihrt4w%laPat Deal Arr.fromA'nc-OrI«i>u—Feb.U;HenryaadAdaaa.of March 6InAUASCAarssLL, Presidenttheextending Madison- avenue, and laying down a laO-aad whosense of the coouaaalty, ask year atteidloa esiAno notice of the road for opening this sbeet—ttils tionedthafirwasa bill for opoilngMadlson-aVenue.3. When, by accident'^*'• -- -- -,T.--ve*fi<\Inferior qiudllftee g~ilM"a '-^of scheme which was thodollars,will not pay, but which the property and Uxflt/m*noof the action. The of Brooklyn has no most thing, but we laapeetftUly claim that thoseisfttru-s lei.sed at the reduced rates of toll, ducf asmuchtothe treaiurvof'hecltva!Feb. toeor uood wheUIi-*'**'/ "tTi/i „„, j-^, Ms l'e*a•m" ('^°^-='^"" -**^- '- ^~ -^ttamsgasamiwww.fultonhistory.comrfiaiiiiliiltflfiihfirir^^Tffltfffifi-'^' t 