 'Slavery.«ay«. OBtbalooT t^srawaaaqaad-joiiit wsakm of Invasion is due every eoeiety from tbe'parts compo- qnestlon had prevailed, would Freedom have tri- uke Slavery Into a Territory, unless tbe law there science. cLanghter^Ia the eoorsi of huremaikibe and would appear to preier tbe promli—n it-m»-« i'-•• .''Tbe InvasioBJpoken of waa In- «flonofthe Untied Slates. TBeyTiad powarto re- tel mvasleu, no matter where tbe anamy ibooldtbe acqalaltVm of slavabtdillBg hiiHaij ? I wovU Permsylvania, sbotdd be put up aai'/tof climate, soil, and and there luell. Theoidlnance of 1787 aimed at tbe Slave- much to the amusement of tbe member* them- production,— TOL.£X lia2603.FROM WASHI14GTON.r.-r:; - fi la i»)I«rf jtfr _^fr., : .., i7B 'r'ilTMMWil• ypdi oT Senator S.'Sd J?S iD^urrecUon against the Dnllj.d States Carcmt Sr. Davis Inquired what he meant exactly f^I believe tbat fiee laoor is in itsthe BoBtestfe Belatlmu «Sm«" »'«"''•and while slave la- gnment ia, ikat two systema of States cannot perma- wealth maBUnaaa of tbe laborer,nently (iigt in Ibe same Union wltboat sectional war- bor lends 10 dcgraae and Impoverish the liborer, to•r the JStalei.like to aak whether Mr. 8b**ux fhvon locb a maa.Any one of these could bis electad tD-Bo' fM Room «*• t»4*y tnaaferredik>'8e>»<« Chamber. Tb* report that M^. Docaua;«aaU >peak drew tosatber a crowd soffldaat to ha«a" any other State. If further authority is neededof the States. Any be en the stand, or .Mr. or Mr.pat Dlsm, Hneann, pledged by private hatreds to ataat taoate «t> aay. iii.n-'frir 'been and withto^ ftveign invasion bad already provided for, error on which tbe rests. Wlitle In be terfeia tlie lasUtatlonstwo bodtca^ aearix aU Uw meobers haTlsg left tte ftnMirlag of tli» OiplM to kear the dlctlnguiabed Tk» iiifmWiriat nm ee Ugh that Senatorcontrary,RepobHeaa^9mcertainly against open hostltityhut dtd not bate the alavebokler. Tbe of objectdate, to the more aatld, bat lea*ought not wgawatamomentwkentbenoisewaagreaterthan Tills wasdaysmust not touch the inetllution, but wait until they get a majority, andtnen wield that majorltyto abolish tbehave fbe aympalby of the warkfbecausek'tbi galteiiea. Tiee-Prealdant Baaoxumsoi begged was made, and with a view to secure Its Instliution In those other States ? If uniformity waa doctrines of the fatbera of me Republic Toe Senator tbat tbe Honae ^oceed to a ballot. Tbey iiad don*speech,aaeries ofdrytaaiilatlaatalmost impo£sible for the reporter to ;ake notes or send out dispatches in proper time.The galleries and floor were crowded this morning to bear Mr. Douolas. The noise and conibsion dur-\the Republican aoetrine is (hat they should beobeyed. Heassertedthiswithafullsenseofhisres-ponsibility, nut not as a major-general, or evenas a corporal of that party. He humorouslyspoke of Noah and his three sons, and to actively built, with a head of tbe EmeiMalanlargehour was so great that it was impos- aUile to hear the reading of the Clerk.A number of bills were read by title and referred.instiliiMoos or people, of any other State or Territory, and there will be no excuse or desire forthebrotherof whois our Shem,type,lobes into which the brain is divided. He w«ars a mass of long brown bait, very aoll a£d silky, oombediD^tbe morningthe life of a French Prince, He would not argue that question, but should arguepVrty,original progenitor, so the white man is really the cousin of the neirro. So It would be seen there are some curious reflec-governed, Mr. Hals, of Muw-Hampshire, (Rep.,) said be and contend that It should be so construed as torect,Union could not exist hall Free and half Slave. The the white man as he is.back behind his ears and to bis coat collar. reachingJust above the eyea, which axe dark-blue, large^ andwoald do the galleries the justice to say that there punish invasion and conspiracies to invade. Rewhen they pleaseobject of the Republicans was to hem in Slavery in people thehappiestQan as he is, and He maintained that we are inailthetideoftime. Thereareratherbe has twowaa naore noise on the floor than up stairs.Mr. Halb offered a calling on the Sccre' resolutiojithought this could be done by authorizing the United States Courts to take jurisdiction of the offenses andthat leaches all men to mind their ownlule, business,oiderto smother it out, starve It out, as the French in millions ofus, who, havingnoforeign foe toprominent,bulging compartments^the tary of tbe Treasury for the names and salaries of time has not arrived for such leelslation, or that theMr. Fxi^sxsDXN, of Maine, (Rep.,) said he felt im- pelled to reply in a few words to what was said about ihe Republican Party. The honorable Senator fromso as to render slave property insecure and dnve It further Soutti. Then when Kentucky by this process had been made free, the same system was to be pur-power to keep Slavery out of the Territories. He thin,Grecian, contracting his mouth is well arched andtbe parsons employed in tbe Treasury Department, Harper's Ferry outrage wUl not be repeated. It iswho have not been coo£naed by the Senate. Adopted' only necessaryproduced tiiis outrage are In active operation to de-and dilating nostrils ;theCApplause in the gallerles.lMr. Mason, of viiginia, (Dem.,) hoped order wouldbe preserved.Mr. ToouBS, of Georgia, (Dem.,) thought It was aof tbe Statet; within the Union. This an-nouncement produced a profound impressioa on tbepublic mind, especially in Slaveholdiug States. 11* as to the cause, lie said he did not make the state- iKHild iK>t stop to inquire w hether it « ^s Uie muaiur^ Lientfoi the purj>os4? of crimination or for party ef-of the President to declare that the exlstmg laws co..- (•ct. 11a desiifd to call attention to the doctrines which the Republican Parly an: in the habltof enforc- ^ptrednoautboritytoauthorizeFederalinterposilian ing,tosecIIilifydidnutleaddirectlytothoseconse-tweentbeStates. ThePresidentrepliedthathewaa at a loss to find any provlslou in the Constitution or tke laws of the United States to authorize him to take any steps for suck a purpose—that is, to preserve thein Illinois because it was not ments. Slavery would go where Itwith an abundance of linen spotlesspeacefol-aImposed b;tbe power to raise and snpiort armies and aavtes. Tliey voluntarily surrendered the means ofto be mat Invites Southern men to assail us that began sfgaln In 185 J, when the flameand consented to a them- prohibition aponThe Democrats have manifested everr cite name, yet the principle was la existence, and h»J orable Senator hlmsoif. 1 take It fworasgranted, Aiiil-Lccomptonlles, on a national basis, until tbefrquotes and recalls thpsametwenty times unreproved during ized sfsslon.Gen. Mriisos In satisfactory to Paroaeoiulltion, w Ith their bands tied and means of repelling as&aults.'withoutparty.;pluralityquotedfrom the Federal Uoverr^tnentdown into the convictlou that there is notopriiler.tagalnut(BAaxsDAU.)each other- them for SuiuiAfl.whoand then Mr.enre of the -Stales. He hoped to be able lo oemon- fthiT.newpsaperdlfGcuIdesbegin to ridiculous,and growconferred and Territories,South, un- ineviUible rocsequeme of Slavery in all the Stales. Thethat gentlemen 01 In-enta had been received by the4,881,-."i"='6at that the power is conferredbeing revolulloiiary and treasonable.only the opinion of Mr. Lwcolb and the Senatorfrom iSath Carolina, that the design of that repealHein another letter.NOBOOV.'"' "doctrine, as Such was notas was stated by an Hon. Senator Pvan, tion I^eelleved, reign here forever."Alabama,Letdiscord„<„.?'!'"•'"«. to provide for renelUnr invasion Aomfoi"'80 coiinlrles repelling^from °'!^' ''"'• '° far as he knew. It is tbe generaland enlarge members of the RepuhU- can party have proclaimed there was an antagonismof theMate of thisami, second, t\o" pPr=otect each IJni^;.'iV.i.,"'.ri *"=°.'"^origin,progresspresent a-'pect of tiie•,•••0 -Ji i vrnu,.„ ~ - ^^' invasion from any other opinion of all i|,e members of the Abolition or ,ofto votetor either gentlemanno candidate of their own, the South Americans were In a position to demaud Democratic support, and to feel aggrieved when such was refused to them. It Isthe United SxmII °^ P'ace within the jurisdiction ofRepub- lican J'arty. They tell the North that Slavery willoverrun the wholethe House.Mr. CoawiB, oforgamzation Ohio, (Rep.,) was called out bv aposition might finallyhave been compelled buta,^:;^"^';'"'' ln;Tludi,,„,„..„r„„,, ,less theywillbetheaboiilonsame doctrine Is held by the Senator from New-OOT Um«», against " foreiES ^n^Sli^....•" call attention to tiietell thebetween cerUIn with regard to this doc- principles:rallyi«^,<,J°?' of the Southtrine.must become free, or else the such an Idea in any speech of the gentlemanwhich had been offered for acres, nearly havettoD, artlSe first, of the Coi^JSS^n'^^' '^^^ T'.York,sayis nofromRfpcblican who wouldOf cenlficatei Vor 3«,842 acres there,Cengrosiregulate Ike tend and nav* fo^,.''«',-^« ''"' »«» Statestoand be Is In Acre or Home.teadand to repel iBvasionStaiesof tbe North must lie overrun with Slavery, In IlllnolE, Mr. LiacoLB, or of the Senator from New-In the case of thereinthat theThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069always dangerous policypeople thus fransferrtd should be ad- enemy. And yet Um prospects of an election inAct. located haw teems to give very general'""""'ir'Clf'thJa'ifft^b:a satisfaction.;^^I'^^^'^^^^l'^i ardei tP ibew tbatbedidnot iqialnterpret, be road as York. U Free Labor or Slave Labor came togetberUntitled Document. "Ig"'""?.'?"'^Ue said he knew of no go so far as to say that if staveholding territory should be :isallof.,_ . „, „,inr the whole mlBtaiy force of Mtraetfrom Sr^aalor Sbwabs'iibey must nooneClaimstbatFreeanaSlaveStalescanao:exist in the same Mnlon,s=S?aware tbat no Ml! would be made to tbem If Gov.ae P<»»"°'°fS.thus specified aader '"second pfcTthey shaU ; bat, tbe InsurrecUon there ro- ;"speech atHichesterreeesiaillywho '« bat the supreme law of fbe land, aad ahoold aet ba^paMad )»to effscL^This, he ttieory of tbe Republican Party, that theio U a coafilct between the different insiUu-wbieb tbey tbea bald,"cSS^tuSon. _TM,-"- iSMriMtlonMllpns of i,Ae States—not of tbe same Bute, bat. Mr. FxsaKRnaii—SaatBAB,tboagtaTeriitory,He asserted toLet bim toBaaneatgameat brought togetbarpurposes In"".I***"*?'*• raid, was the,ConticL"hekaawtftelapnhUcaa woBid say tbat sack tr^Myheretofore. T&eBepoblicansFor what other purpose could Ittn e general ptoipmty of tbe coontry.Mr. Babxrau—Let Mr. Lonjor ipeak.a mMH Mteikw tfaei^this elauae was a guarantee from the United States tOv^ch State for toe protecUoD of each state againstsystem llllnots. dei-led, repeated It, that nnlformlty in the domeslio tasUtUioBB of the dlferent States was eitherfavored this doctrine Is nafoonded- Ha asaed if the Senator from IltLaols said the Repubilcass not only wanted to repress, bator Mr. GoocB. I wUl take Mr. TaruB—let htm ^^ coet to tbemselve* andbut be cannotScarredaadbllateredaaheIs,IeoaldBotstrikebbn^ Haxus,ofBaltimore,andJobs A.Siuna,'aT-jor cesiteble. On. tko laamenae lereral time* over. Vir to show tbat this Is tbe true construction of the Con- caiivius at home, and he wished to ask the Senate if also to make war on Slavery In the States t,anypoislblethat Issuehe(or4Msd gallariaa stitution,ItBaybefoundintbeoldFtieralitt,the43d tncnWHSthedoctrineoftbeframersof theCoostlto- Mr.Dooai-A»—I did,asd 'tta weakiii member*, of the Union iB Thoseto claim tbat the Federal Government wish to hiterfere with )1 where It existed. Wlfen it and would ta.Jl*r»to be writteninsensible to this policy. after the Constitutionwas ehaiged that tbe Repahlicans were warrlog oa vradld be In Ibe iheSouth,Itshouldtiereoaiiccted thattheyheldtbe the/tbe galleries.! He coritended that this provision of the Constitution means more than repelling Invasion, but tbat the damestic and of the Statetendedposribleinthe hurry of thesesayno evil uiircdresstd in the Union, for which the Union does not furnish a remedy. Let Congress pass no safety, peace, or prosoerity, in any community not the laws, let them authorize tlie punishment of con-and of the South, politicianbe sketohed as fol- feet Ugh, sparely andpeace tranquUttyshould be secured against violence, for there can belows:may PxToa stands about sixsecure from violence. Theproceeded prove that as Ham, the father of the Africans, waahas been raised In England, whether they sliould pass lnws againstcoKsplracies againstthe under which we are by Constitution,conspiracy.peopletions. We should look the black ata It carmot be said that impose proper penalty.smokethemout. TbeIdeawastotisan Presses, their pamphlets %pd books, andlayinggreat empire,lady nicetyhabits,a rom^^c neatness and scrupulous'bad sign of the times.The V ice-President said ifments. Illinois adopted Slavery in spite of the or-dinance of 1778, and abolished it when It found it didnotsuit. Slaverywasaquestionofpoliticaleconomy,andnotaproperEub.iectoflegislation. ThepeopleInterested were tbe best judges of what they desired- ized in one day, fi^owlag the example of those old ber ; bat his management of language is admirable, He wanted them to decide their institutions for them- gentlemen- Let any one prove to him that their and his gestures, modera'e and re-order was not preserved the disturbers would be put out of the galleries.member of this Congress whoyour PsTOB hasspeaker,Mr. DocuLAS proceeded, and repeated his statementthe jndgaient of the Senate and tbe House on the Uiink what is said is in real earnest, and ought to he that It is due to the teartilngs of that i>;irty.We have Ihe Senator from Maine had sent despera- existed when it was acquired, but Slavery was per-existed,beside it. Be talks like 6i!e whowhether it is not in tbe power of Congressa carried out. The great principle which underlies the heard this before,and whero It did lodgedStates f Tbe denial of such a power In tbe Federal be cultivated by slave labor. In furtherance of this Party a portion the creed,— of and ake has of friends in all aecoon* tro^of the Government has Induced the Inquiry among con- article of their creed, you find their political org* n-lza- scheme for the camtiaign. In reference to the Fall •ervative men, who are loyal to tbe Constitution, as tions not only sectional, but whose vitality depends election, Vt charge on the Republican Party that to what means they have for protection against exter- ujicn exciting Northern prejudice, ambition and pis- they are responsible. I am not disposed to slon against Southern institutions and Southernfpeo admit that, said Mr. F. I waa disposed toCongress,of the House, and Is esteemed fir the possesaloB ofnalviolence. Itmustueconcededthatnocommuni-pie.Hehadsomeexperienceinfightingthiselement,listw, and not to reply. I did not conilder It a the House presents to the people of the conn-manygenerousandamiablequalities. Involvedasa principal ha many duels, and as a aecond In duelswithout number, be may be styled a permanent Pro- feasor In tbe College of Honor, and Is called in to consult on hopeless eaaaa of wotuded pride, jaM as Dr. Cauiochait of your City might be sent for to per- form a hazardous amputation- His attack to-day oa the Herald is bitter and sweeping, hot of its atlega-- tions the telegraph wiU give you better opportunltleaparticipants are to select a defi- to judge. He Is heard with breathless attention from''Is safe, no State can eajoy paace, without securityand he the source of their power to consist in fountjmatter of but a matjer of creed. I had argument,ty7|rtTtavtdde :of this RepublicXdea and navies for this precise purpose, and the only lagUIsoaie puipoae for wUch they are maintained la timeofpeace. TheStatesofthisUnionwouldpos- ies* this power of protection, were it not for the re-try a scene which has but onein his.— ^Aque<*tlonin wliich the forehead ahow* tba two externallyto ascertain whether the causes whichproceeded to show that the patriots of 1787, in dis-—^excite the North against the South, but thev Irrlt^'tod ma to say. In our behalf, the true solution of that.tralntliiat Consutution was made, the Sutes in their•overeigiiiy gave to the Federal Government they, the Rcpubllcan^ may justify their asWsahueltns of this eternal Stlhaevteorrychq.ueslIUtinw,as continguendtblyemtahne llea, allthe Soot:i to assail and traduce tiie North. Abuse difficulty is 10 be found elsewhere.Before 19S4 thesession, and although ballot after ballot has beenWASflUiQTOB, Friday, Jan.Southern States- mca Kgalnsi NortbOmwas Men were disposed to wait, andtaken, no Spealer has been elected.NoInterests of theSO,by violentmen li essential to the triumpk of the Republicancounuy c|ulct.when two great parties hadorganiza-country have been totally neglected. The Demo- Caucus,which has was reasonable 10the Federal Cosstiiutiou. When party. Henee the course of argument supposemade their minds, it upIt would cease- But ittion has been effected, while the cratic, South American, andgreatThere is talk wherein thenite candidate for the Speakership, and pledge tl)eiron the South under the plea of self-defence.he returned to Illlnola, in iS58, t» canvass the State, hehad'to meet this •'Irrepressible conflict.'' True, the Senator from New-York had not made his Roches-himself appliedprofesaing to thethefr sacred honors to sup- bitter end. On tbe other hand, it Is now pretty well tmderstood that four, if not five, of the Ami Lecompton men will vote for Shsxbab underprotection,elves to Ke«i> troopK ur vessels of war la time of«f peare. Tbe question recurs whi;ther the ter speech, and had not given the doctrine that pro- sion no man was more conspicuous thanStates of tills UnloTi are Id reman In thathelplesswhen every crime perpe- spirit of conciliation hasof thevole for the ttile, and then throw thefr votesthe Btrippe<l athenIt began the lesson was tkembecome exhausted. Tne disguise South Americans had presented Mr- GiLnts, whorule—thatof the any guaranteatratedon freemen, and taughton tarhich will be tantamount to throwingthepresent unorgan-inemMr. electtd, must be 6ui>poned by some of Republicans, and he would therefore vote enough for no man who commeodcd himself to thepower Constitution,inParty or their acts, There was nottbe Federal Government, under theprotect them, they will demand that their cords be•evered, sod Itelr weapons restored to their hands " In ray orlnlon. the Slavery agltaMoB will notecasecould be found In the Republicanto authorize the arcusauon.to convince the country, or at least his section of it, consideration of that party. He did not doubt tbat the Republican Party are responsible. There IsmeaoBuf siisaultand repel lagt4i*ti Uniou cannct endure rcrmaDcntly half slave andhalf free. J do not tie House to fall, but I expflct expecttheprt--<entfideut that he has Imported twenty cases of sparkling Catawba, grown In bis own District, to celebrate thev»iion must erlst as a cocdltlxm of and exiat- safetyappealing lo the Free Statestostop agitation,Party should be elected—a manernment printing toCoaaxLiDS Wibsiuu Theseproviding aijainstln-not to canBgress on theli neighbors, nor to encourage disagreea- received no vole from fifteen ofRepublicans evince no wish to abandon theirtoMatters, upon tbe whole begin to look more andmore dusty upon the floor. The Natlonil men seem tion with reference to a paragrap'i in the Wew-Yorkdefend themselves. This in- Mil the crisis gh.ill have been rL;iched and passed. A quiry iiiu>lres the perpetuity of the Union. Too Honse civided i painnt its.'lf cannot stsod. I t>eUevowith whichthey msyMr.will justifythe accusation In any shape. Tne Ideaof conduct. Rather than the nominee of the Republi-w here n he was accused ofIndliect compllclly In a scheme to give certain Gov-Mr.been proclaimed by the most, feiirless ofHe wished to call atlenlion to a single passage in_ speech by Mr. Liscoi.!!, who was nominated for theIs, they will firsttheThis brings upexplanationHoward, of Ohio, rose to another peiaonal explana-from which many violence. If Ine people of this country mrfl to setUo United Slates Senate l)y the Republican Convention, am only surprisedJohn Browns might practice, and i that more John Browns have notcould never be acceotable lo lilinawayand wtiich speech had been previously written and agreid to in caucus by most of the leaden of tbeacted on tbe lesson then learned. Mr. F. said nothingGu-Bia, theIfreply, ;giveaaa, .party:who had the Stales and sec- ^ beUKTtd that the Union does famish a remeity In the North aa in the South." the beginning. He told the Hon. Senator from IlUnois^ tion should be dishonored by tbe electionandwho himself feelB so coa-It will lipdivided. Itwill becom* all one thing or thepastcandidate,Kt-hertlieopjioneutjofSlaveryraastarrestthe which furlher .^prtad of it, or Its udvocstcs will push forwardmenwhoble doctrines, when, In his judgment, theJiT ^-opstituiion does luit provide a remady, and until it will became alike lawful in all tbe Slates, as well made theae appei'.ls have counseled aggressionthat there is iiain this Union forare allowed to consume an tudue amount of time forand bowcharge that theRepnblicanstbe ooaakry. <^;nVN'YOKK,TUESDAY,JANUARY 1880. 24,antacoaiza. That Is all. But mlttedlBtotkeUBioawlthan tMrM^itaofpropnrty Hooae (pfav a' good dealIrrepreaalblevariety" provide legislation, supposed to be ample, to protect must be a diversity of Institutions and domestic regu- trade. It was thought that by reducmg the area selves, and sometimes to tile dtsturbance ofwill be able to restore that spirit of fraternity whichspiracies in any Stale or Territory.'agaiost the pro-Unlesswe the lawswehave —hence uphold anarchy,yondof encased in a full drej^soit of black* person,aggression Slaverytilitythe latter.disposition to unite with the South Americans andhim to thestraining faces,mcut.And, In the attempt to repel this Inva- the hon-Ithe word " false"our fathers battleinspired Revolutionary upon everyeels, and whicli presided over the Convention which framed the Constitution. Then they can there issketch than' isletters. Briefly,'nowever, the fishting editor, criac,Then let us leave theState free to form their own institutions ;;of every let them retain Slavery as long as they please, and abolish it let us act on that good old goldeaand then let us en-deavor to preserve the Union as our fathers male it. caverns,and let their neighbors aloneperceptivekeep op selves. Up to IbiS the Democrats, as well as the Re- lie qoiled for belligerent and analytical pnrpoaes.Virginia (Mr. Mabos) had offered a resoiatlon and bad a Committee appointed to Inquire into this matter of invasion at Harper's Ferry; and also to suggest asinewy, furnished with two fine, firm row^of teeth sued till Slavery was extinguished. He quoted from lor five States, in which there should be neither the upper rownot Ijing quite close togeiuer, and a Mr.£iwASi>'6 speech to show thathemeantthat the ir- Slavery nor involuntary servitude, except for crime. little inclined to protrude. His chin is square, hutwas not asthe Senator to stop these attempts to Incite insurrec- tion or make attacks on neighboring States. He did hot know of any design anywhere, except by a few individuals who belonged to no party, to do anythingwere the ioititutlons of the subrertlagof Ibis kind. He waa inclined to agree with the Sena- selves;though verystrained, possess a most suggestive force. His utter-again lightedoftheSluvePowerIntheattempttoforce on a Free Territor>- by power of Govern-to stand inAnthtei-aLtetcitoumdpelonf hpoasr- RepubUeans, should unite to defeattheir fortunes andfloor and galieriea—tbe Republicans crowding over to the Democratic side, and the Democrats ga-.be.ringno creed, no practice, no doctrine of tbat partywhichGiLaaa'sloyallyto theSouth, but bis politicalutterly tmable to eoncenfrate In any directionand Espress, ;certain direct or1improperlyagitation along the line ol tbe border Slates, publicans, were in. favor of excrtin? Congressional His nose is a decisive withposing of the Virginia Northwest Cession, providedVr. DoDOLAi, of nUnols, (Dem.,) said that on the these causes? He had no hesitation in expressing remedy. He bad been willing to wait for tbe report, repressible conflict mustgo on till either there wasnot The Republicans are acting pretuselyas did the with aThe boor having airiied, Mr. Dodglai' resolution termine whether there Is any ground for apprehen- was called up, sion that the invasion will ba repeated. What are3Mi of November the Governor of Virginia sent a his firm and deliberate conviction that the Harper'sFerry crime was the natural, and logical, and Inevtt-but the honorable Senator from IlOnols (Mr. Docqi-as) Slave State left, or all had become slaveholdiog. In men of those times. If the \atter believ- retreating,eomaiimtcatlon to the President of the UnitedMates, apprising lilm that* there waa a plan onfoot to rescue Joan Baova, and notifying trim, sotkat he might take steps to preserve the peace be- speeches of their leaders la and^t of Congress.tbe States fiee or slave what acopt Institutions,be meant was, that it waa none of his business whether tbe people of Kansas adopted Freedom or Slavery. It was their business ana they would act accordingtotheirwants. HewasopposedtoSlaverySlavery DIvIneVjnstitution,of theas explained and enforced In their platiorm, their par-ble result of the teachingsRepublican Party,was and theconducted meTbe chief dieorganlzbig iptrtttent&e aUa dt *• apeak aay party. [Laughter.] Southern onpoeitlon are WtBraa Bava aad Wwimiaaaa, erery aTallable tneli of room waa packed, erm number of which waa written by Mr. MAnisea. Mr. tl«n T He wlabed tba eooatry to bear In mind that, Mr. FBasBBBKB—I deny it. Itcoold not be found ia The Repablteaaa do not latnid to Tole far tba aeqnl- Carolina. Tbetwofiiatbaveaeatic ^V'-flMlepcrteri'gallery,wUckwaacrowdedwlCbMasisobwaseondderliigtheelaoaewhichmakesIt whentheConatltatlonmaadopted,therewerethepartycreed.TbeRepublicanPartywasformed-stUonofan^moreilaTetawltary.Tbeyeouldelect crats,andneedRepublicanaidto tbem^'protect twelve Slave State* andoae Free Slate;and, sup-yoaTbe last has his heart setiidiat to tke excltuioa of many gentlemen of tbe from Invasion, and he said thatprotection agalntt pose this dcxittlne of on the uniformityIt, and are boiUla to Slavary In all con- you apoaghgress,the duty of the TTalted Statu to each Stateto prevent the Introduction of Slavery into free Tet-illoiiet. He denied tbe rigtat of Soathem laea to(to Mr. Coawn) but tbi^ refuse to do Speakar,keepoa the SpaakmMp,The laUlude of expressioa here used seemsr On tbe if tbe test recognizes Slavery. He hated and loathed Stavery, said be woold resist tbe of atinning to stand forth as the South AaMM^aiMll-sing It.to secure each Stateand against ambitiotu or vindictive enterprises ofits more powerful neighbors. Hlstorr of bothancient and SMdera confederacies proves tills, well as Sooth t Was It faUfac tba ftmm taautmlona apposed -Slavery (ba abatract, batdldjiat a diaattetlon, tbe Sontb would^taare aattdaa.overhad been made, ana this doctrine tlien proclaimed, would It not have resulted la the Constitution fasten-umpheding Slaveiy every soil. waa to InSlaveryInaagantionPresident. Tbe South know vHiat their iWiia 81* an-desirous ascountry by lowing a patriotic example ? Ue believed If there were a few such mea here the House would be organ-^* i'y/AT) S^-'^'^-'^«8]>oHBtas wmtrecUon against the SUtes being provided for in a of the Fr.ea Stales and the Slave Sutes. Their ai^ character tndepeadent, and tends to promote the Mr. BAXasDAia-^Ia there a RapiaMleaa who favor* Jersey, Tnoe. C«xwn, of Ohio, or "Jarifare r.east continue to rage, with Increasing fury, till olminisbhuoeaiottaBdbeillUe his character. Tney{and, if anywhere within tbe jarladlctlon of the tbe '/ree States shall surrender or the Slave States be are necessarily opnoeed to eaeh other. In odier mrettbepliuailtyinle, the of which adoptionUsiied States. The framer* of the CoutltoUan then tuljdued. Hence, while they appeal to tbe passions of words, where mare-labor exliti it tends to degrade Mr. Cmne, of Iowa, (Rep.,) rapHed Oat at tbi* be resisted for two boors after any man not aa^ddr-proceeded to make guarantees for the protection of one section, tbefr object Is tj alarm the people of tbethe free labor on the same toil.Mr. DitU laid be waa mistaken a* to tbe fact. Mr. FsaaaanM f aid it was his opinion.time be woold be opposed to the aeqolittlon of (Ut*-boldlsg tenltory, because we bad%a of tbe Imftmtiuf emit wii aoBBifbtal «B^iir. Bukidtl* iiierti the Claimi of tbe the several States. The (borth icctJoD, fonrtb article olbtr section, and dnve tbem ta la tbe madaeaa,lUe.But aiioittaH MBd, aad',lili OQRWDi'OFOHIO,party.The areed of tkatparry,Mr. BABKsnAix—Tbe from Iowa Is not a>.'.*one ft oftbeDEnitS^ HIS POSmOM.he RepuoUean said, U fooaded on the theory that because slavery is not desirable into tht Vnr-Tork TIbm. WABBnafoa, Usndiy, Jan. 23.maUag It the duhr af ve Federal Ooretnmeat to pro- Free Labor is a good tbiaf wltb ni, It la a good thingtero Mr.(^iBTiB—I^l,,lil DiapaiokShe intense intereat bentofote ezbibited in thenottoreadme ratedby aliltla aad aoMtiiaMaa^ bahWtKhope of tbe Consttttttion, says tbe United States shall guar- that ttiey will Invade tkelr Monbem rights, as an ex-gotagreatantee to all tke several States of this Union a repub- cuie to carry on an aggraailon on Southern rights. Mr. DocetAS said be meant to say the cower of thelican forsD of govcmiaeBt, and ahall jnoteet each of Ue appealed to the candor of Senators whether Federal Goveraneat eould not be used to extend or arise whether vre should acquire a portion of Mexico 1« ranrtt a> l)1 iw»ia tba Hwtbem agalBst Invasion, on aonllcatloa, by the Legis- this was not a fairlature or the EsecuUge, aialnst domestic violenoe. of the doctrines proclalned by thelepress—Mr. FastninxB—Tbat*! only Squatter Sovereign- grntlenaaexposition of tbe tendencieshnt the question does not now exist, and long period of Xbae.Jamoei«lnltil*.Tttmij M»iMOIit» ota)gfimmtlimitt0H,BW|iauMr. DossLAB would subnft the question whether Itwasaotclear,from tbe very language of tbe Coiutt-toUap,tkat tbat elaoae was inserted for the purpose of thefr States, it Is not desirable anywhere; and because ty, Ibe Senator's tavadte doetrlue. No ever representativepietended that tbe GcrvannBBt could interfere with tect eadtaf tke Stata* from israsloa by any other everywhere. In other tkat rests on the the Institatlons of tbe States. He controverted theortke United Btateswor within the of place jurisdictionIdea that of insdnitloii* were essential to dtveraitywatda, partyibery ihat tbeie mstt ba anliormiiy in the domestic Iristitu'loni and Utonal poUly of the several States of<beggentlemanby per«Bialdi(biit«pftlMM'Mn4State,kave been Inserted T Tbe duty of protection against this Umon. Here, la Us opuilonjs the fundamenul the IHlltst extent tbat tbe Government could not la-suchlawstosupprt'SsInvasion,ttu^issaidthatthe the charge that theKansas-NebraskabiUI Ida.HedidnotsayItwaathewisepolicyofour anceofinvectiveiscool,alowandbitter—giving to protect tbe States from Invasion. He wanted to ask quences on the part of th'ise deluded pers'ins, who Iit:put>iican Party is responsible for this outrage, and produced agitation. The political friends of fathers to disturb the property In the territory, as It every arrow time to rankle bafoc? the next shaft Ishave heard it iu the Senate. It does to Kansas to create disturbances and re- mitted to remain where it question Republican Party Is a violent and eternal wajfare has been itentied and reiterated. We have gulate the elections there- Just such combinations he not exist they prohibited it.has expe- rienced the difficulty of reporting hurried speech, and with that precision of statement and ilinstration onlywrongUiJoI'^.*.'.°''5.*'''<='» can be perpetrated within the „Mr. D. said the moment he lanjietl on the soli of frankly, that he beUeved him counst ling aggression ijf Ur. SniaiiAH, he would repeat the declara- It Is now felt that the Democrats committed an er- voted lo other uses. But tbe mail hour Is at hand,,?*'«"•" duty.CoTi-L.from of this Union—rather than his State-''Ft.leral tJovernment performs Its whole Illlnola he took direct issue with thatthe Uis-wuri restric-when he aivocaled the repeal of tion of Mr. of"proceeded to give a historyandtheseconsideiatloninostbetakenapai length.".The Commisaoner of the I.antI OfficeMichf-,country. TheyState fora.1 one theWe have beentelligence who knew the meaning ofundertake to that Free States and Slave Statesm«n,shaU have the T'ovl^es that lo his Rochester speech, when ho tells us that the cannot exist In this Union together. But therewas to extend Slavery over the Territory Its area. It seemscerlalnand Slavery question which prevenu thesurprisedto establish or abolish any domesilc lostlta- or Cnba— tion, bat each Slate should be entirely free without not for a any iaterfcrenee of tbe Federal GovemmenL * mayemIntfamremote fntma. Waaor onraaaAHHia] RepobUean Party. CLangh- oompaia,perila. Bvaiy dajr-palgydusl»*— a^airNorthern Democrats was to Inflame the South against on Inch af American North as all but themselves, so as to get political power. Ueder tba Constitution, and ara raalvad at alt haiaids, aadtotbalasteitreiaity, tadaaadlbaia. laoaae of ,iagiaaeMd tba iititwabosry.'^l^iaf'har- M «f Ceagiaaa MMIaarafMM praeead* to «elMi 4 writ-oMaias tbais a tall man, ofeuc wa* a itriUng one, it behig tbe lirtt time that which he (Mr. Dooaus) now put vpon It. Then, if it legislations conferred 'on Congress and power Mr. Ha>«r said that the South, afier fall considera- voting. rLaaghter.] If the gentlemin fran MinU- laite bald forehead Mumotiatbig coMBaapliin fea-tenratlficatloB. Hence the people of tbe States knew deslrahle, it might have been obtained by blotting from Tlrginia admitted Ibe views of Southern men inch things before with, be admitted, very IttUe suc- and propositions in reference to tbe Fedoal IMoa. Baitet tte Sente -wovld pnaerre strict order. Tbe was intended to baartbe construction, on Slavary are not now what they were. •»this clause out State Govemmenti, and by having State cess. If ever the House wras organised tttkost be bygoodmtucolar a dereiopaeat, battitbe made the Imperative duty of to* Federal (govern-and domestic concerns of tbe people In the States, as well as overtion and experience, had arrived at the conclusion(Mr. who had Advocated seseedonBsiiaBAXi.) turci of tbe Romanover theAi1J<o'clockHr.Oocsiuientered,leadinghis prbtscteachStateagainstinvasionorvioiencefrom thequestionsaffectingthewholeUnion.Batthe werenotAbolltlonistB.Theydidnotthinkitprac- dent,shouldbeelectedSpeaker,he(Coawiic)promised sandy.besrtl. HisvoiceismonotonooaaadofnAcraIkanewCkamberhadbeenfilled. ofthe ment, by an express provisionmunicipalslppl,Slavery in the event of the election of a RepaUlean Presi-sort, wblcharerotnMMaffwHhatwo Uttle boya, and looa afiur being seated bis reso-other States, it follows that it Is the duty of Coogrets fraaeis of tbat Instrument knew, as well as we know, tical or expedient to abolish Slavery, but thougnt to In the Union. [Lanehter.] This farce, which beefy fibre, seldom raised beyond a level {ittel^ad srttbto paasilaws to render that guarantee effectual. While was called up. Tke %reaideDt of tbe Senate Congress, In the early history of the Government, didthat In a ominiry as large as this is there is a great by cuttingoff the Slave-tradeSlavery woiUddie off of sUyhas been actiog here for seven weeks, veryCoustltutioa,toihat ennobledbothraces. Ourearlyfathersbranches of bisoat, Tbe Senator from Illinois," and, as the Uniteo States against invasion from foreign coun- lations adapted to the wants of each locality. They where Slavery could be used the Slave-trade would the temper of gentlemen, had begun to be in the of a railroad company reading an honest stateaflai ofStnatOT Sovaus rose, there waa a strongldlwosition tries and Indian trlties, they have failed ap to this Ume knew that our liberty depended on the right of toe be stopped.to make any law to protect tbe States from invasion of each State to establish their own laws and Mr. FxssxiraxH said the Senator had admitted aU he peopleshould therefore to figureandfaceheagooddealreaembleaataaadaad conscientioasly begin; bat, silence ba^g been Rstored, be commenced by firct reading the letter of OoT. 'tyisi to Presideat Buchih^b and the reply, andgentlemanfrom within the limits of the Union. He presumed Institutions, and control tbem at pleasure. Tne Con- deserved. The early men of the Republic thought think what be shall do. He was remlnde4 by a friend modified Wb.£. Sibi, of Kentocky, prevtogdydM*IB ft* galleries to applandby ICr. Coaviv, wtio had not closed when tbe Invasion or ritory againstferred to the causes which tne outrage, and producedand U be had. Is It that insti- possible anythe first solid and lasting gleam of that we bave lightLever in any of the programmes, and the prospect forcauses which produced the Hajpex!s Ferry invasionseen upon the Southern side for many dajr*. It is could be overthrown It ? If gentlemen met here on also Important, frvm tbe fact that Mr. Noiu. la un.does not improve.Uent G. J>. Baiiu is ordeied to return to Je&ersonjudicialpartment to suppress all conspiracies and combiaatioas threatened Invasion In the day or In the night ? Can a very great change hai occurred. Whencompany, with a capital of ten mLIIioDS, and they could not proceed to business till had•Tganlzatlonin the several States, with the intent to molest or dis-they agreed to make conspiracies toslaves a he would ttilnk fugitive felony, theyrun offhad in-they appointed Chairman, did any one ttiink Slavery would have'tbe reason for his was that Congress never deemed stitution, therefore, was based on a dissimilarity of tbat by restricting Slavery, tbe institution would dieday that there was something 'fi4be elec-crlbed—but wltboot any of tbe wUd energy, ftacy or become eccentric force to be fouad in tbat great patatar of ttaenlsqaired if It were possible that the Federal who, tmtil the Harper's Ferry affair, ever conceived State had peculiar wants, which required pecu- was indifferent whether Slavery was extended or President. He confessed he was puzzleaa little by pnrgalory. Mr. Moux, so far as he can be baaitl npCtaraaoaesit eoold ajford the States no protection that the American Stales could be so forgetful of their liar legislation distinct from every other Stale. not. Bom in a Free State, for himself, he preferred the suggestion. It might be so, but he did not think here, amidst the din of Is a duty to themselves and to the country, and to fie Hence, said Mr. Douolab, I assert that this doctrine free institutions. That waa the whole offence of the tbat this should be Incorporated Into their thoughts as conversation. delhroingsuch leglflation would ever become necessary for the domestic institutions and domestic The They wanted it to die. That is the position of tihointohfear polity.protection of one State aftalnsthor sister StatesSpeakerInvading;more than and Consututioe was founded on the Idea that each 6u)et Republican Party. The Senator from Illinals tbat In a certain event thethey supposed, namely, Speaker mightagalast vioteoice, after their own hands had been tied Constitution, as to plan an invasion of any other State of uniformity Is repugnant to the Constitution, and Republican Party. We have been further told that if OEe of contingencies- It was not probable that sfrong Union speech, conservative In spbit andwe elect a man of our views regularly, and In the ^.the technical In' Its construction of tbe Coasttbitfon. either the President or Vice-President would beBat I will not follow tbe speaker, as his remarks humanity ! Though no blame can therefore be at- country, to any great extent, is despotism alNays. dissolved. While the Senator from IlUnoU was de- ceed to thefr place, iLaughter-] He did not know, Democratic aisle,ksva been reported for your columns. The tached, to our predecessors, yet, since the experience Show me centralism, prescribing uniformity, and I vising means'to repress the Invasion of one State by however, what Providence has in store for us. He leaning rightgalleries tntlon effectual. He presumed there woula be very contemplates and authorizes, and I will show the to put in a clause for the contingency referred to, as No free Government in modern times has existed and a sotind rebake to tba ez-with a view of stirrlngup a servile insurrection, mtir- In Its tf the Constltntlon? revolutionaryandder, treason and every other erime that disgraces to despotism. Uniformity in local affairs in any Constitutional form as President, the Union will be amiable enough to die, that ttte Speaker might suc- For the most part he stand* on one foot ia tbecharacter,leading directlyfolly of last year, we carmot stand justified in witoholding will show you a despotism as odious and insuffera- by another, he might tiave suggested a provision for did not know why the Helper book should be driven hand on the comer of his so&, and holding aareral qicecb was entirely chaiacterlstic of the man, and any longer to perform this sacred duty. The ques- ble as that of Austria or Naples. Dissimilarity, tne ihrealened contingency. into their line of thought. It might be the product pages ofhls speech at arm's length before him, now «aa well recelred by his friends from every section. tion remaining, then, is to know what legislation therefore, is the principle on which the Union Mr, DocoLAS said he had Introdnced bis resolution of the liberty of the Press, which is called ia and then, bat very seldom, using bis right digit to Ttw several times applauded. Order was is necessary to render this guarantee of the Constl- rests. Give us such a law as the Ckinstltutlon because occasion called for it. It was not necessary elaisic language, " the palladium of our liberties." emphasize some real or fancied point. Bit speed isnatored, and maifltalned only by threats to clear little difference of opinion tbat it will be necessary toSenator from New-York that there is a con- it was an event not within probabilities. without a free Press. So we must be content to take historical, philosophlastituiional mode of repressing even tbe " irrepressi- Mr. FX86SKDK5 said the ^enator had great confi- the freedom of the Press as •Qte have It, with all Its frerae Southern acbool. He denies the right of peace- ble conflict." He would open tbe prison doors dence in his powers. Quite likely he had a higher abu.0es as well as the blessings which flow from Its ful secession, and contends that Slavery mast be con- and tell these conspirators to select their opinion of them than any one else. It was singular use. He the excitement out of the tent to bold Its own under the ofIfciiM if Senatorial decorum were again violated, place the whole mDitaTT power of tbe Government at the disposal of the President, with proper restric- oathem Senators and Members this evening are lou'l tions, to suppress such invasion. But this is not safficlent—such legislation would not be a ftill com- pliance with this guarantee of the Constitution. Toededsioaspreme Court of ttSB nbited States. In support of fltls1bpraiseofthe "Liitle GiaDt," the opinion beinglife as a punishment for crimes against the peace of done in a certain case or event not likely to occur. rated. He knew say danger dispositionIt had been said that the book showsgenerally expressed that he will be the unanimonsri)Bnirers of that infetrument meant more;for, mark thesociety. Can any man there is no of tbe The inference he drew was that the gentlemen on the the of the North to interftre with the view he makes lafge' appohls to the seBliJDeDtB ofshall protect each of the States against invasion, in aad of the tTnlon. The debate will be read with the one instance, It is the duty of Congress to repel.that most of them disavow the acts of John Brown. I ameffect to cause ? It was said Mr. Seward liad made Missouri—a border Stateof tbe; not enough that they disavow the act, unless they also repudiate and denounce the doctrines and teachings which pro- duced the act. These doctrines are promulgated inof and andthe shape speeches pamphlets tiooks. Thefrom the otherBooia adjonmed. There has been no change what- States or Territories of the Union. Then it Is are in active operation, is it true tbat the people ofIn the other, they guarantee to protect. In other words, the United Stales are not permitted to wait tilltl^ebutI must betoit isdeep interest throoghout tbe country.Hr. B.uxsniL>r of Mississippi, delivered an ablepermittedsay'force has been organized, and on the 1 la Bonse to empty benches, and was fol- march. They must pass laws to insure protectionanand domestic tranqaillity to each State and Ter-we never should have had the Helper book.where are to out a miserable tbey were constantly threatened with what would be thought growingceils, they drag consequences of that book had been greatly over-tbe Su-«hatee of the Democracy at Charleston.* Old differ- langusge when It refers to the United States it says recurrence of the outrage at Harper's Ferry T Is not other side were quite apprehensive on the subject. South. How ? Was it not written by a man who MAnisoat and Xacxsob, qnottag largely from tbe Fed-Congress shall have power to repel Invasion. Butaioea aacm to be alieady forgotten, and Mr. Bocaus when they come to make this guarantee to the States,the language Is changed, and It says United States Ataads forth tbe great cbaAipion of tbe Democracy the,the Republican Party strong, vigorous, defiant, and This talk of dissolution of the Union was a disease was reared in North Carolina, where he resided till eralist^ arguing vigorously for the Union, aad evi-successlul ? Do they not hold and proclaim the samecreed did before this invasion? it is true theywhich appeared every four years. The people of tlie he came North ? 1Yho is to blame if we tra» ba^k alarmed for the of aiave e Inglad they do.I am rejoiced they have gone taus farcertain speeches, the effect of which was, with the Helper book, the Invasion of Virginia by twenty-'Jireemen, beaded by Johb Baown. But he repeated, ifapeech will make one of tbe most instractfve caiBpai0n do- cuments of the session—his Int, tbat aeceariaB canhostilitynot only necessary to use the military power when the the border States are to have their hands tied as to ators on the other side would vote forde- such a bill as be proposed he would think the power of self-defence, and remain patient under atution of tbe South, with such an enlightened people,actual case but to authorize the occurs,derstood to renresent a large section of Democrats in Missouri who aie in favor of Dabizl S- Dicubsob, of New-Vork, for the Tbe oon-orButacks and report for duty. Uaj. Himx Hiut, pay- tions. You mu-t punish the conspiracy, with the in- to see II a band of marauders and murderers are notturb its Government, citizens, propertyinstitu-lay down to sleep without first stationing sentinelsThe question eluded atent to do the act, and then it will be suppressed In with torch or Baater, is ordered to pay off the troops at West Point, advance. There Is no more clear to the apf'roachingdeed changed. In the towns and cities of the North,where the Hepublicans have a majority, the FugitiveSlave law could not be executed. Could it be exe- cuted In the town where the Senator from New-York lived ? Did they recollect the Jerry rescue ?Mr. FxssiBnxa said that he would go as far as anywould have been, where is the dividend ? Show tiasensible tbat so speech by declaringlongasaplankoftbebraveold ship UnionwaalefL,principle patience tbah freemen have to snbmit to such a state 'Watervliet and Plattsburgfa Barracks. By command legal profession, that whenever It Is proper to declare of things. If we wish to preserve this Union, weclingparttherefromeac^tan act a crime, It is proper to punish a combination oTGcn. Wool. Brevet- Haj. Labxibt, Eighth In&ntry with the Intent to commit the act. if you find an act]a dtdeied to join tiia company at Camp Hudson with to a man for counterfeiting the coin of tbe punishmust perform its guarantees, and we musteveiy evil within the Union in obedience to the Con- stitution, for which theUnlon would lurolsh a remedy.them all. Let them administer the rich estate be- queathed by thefr fathers. He did not despair of setting such an example of happiness as the rest ofa tobe when dare you expect people patient they notaentered into thefr deliberations at all ? vei7Presidency. gentleman "?pistol It requires more\that Show us the booksremedyaa Uttle delay as possible, K|Jnued States, you will also find a section punishing a If the Federal Government falls to act, either fromUent HcHTia Davidson, by order of the Navy ^oan for having it in his possession, and also for hav- choice or from apprehension of want of power, it can- gard to runnhsg off fugitive slaves. He would meet enjoy are not to be weighed in tbe balance Faxnswcbth, of Illinois, rose to a lyftaonal explaaa-ing tbe tools withwtiich to make it. If the set of Department, reported himself to-day to tbe Secretary invasion is criminal, the conspiracy to Invade should •f State to ^ve official Information as to the manner also be made criminal. If it be unlawfai to invade a 1b widch tbe provision of the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty Stale and run off fugitive slaves, why not make it un- toaddng the suppression of tl-.e Slave-trade is now lawful to form consx>iracies to do It? He referred to a man lately hung, who had boasted In a public ^c- ture that he had ru:i off horses from the State ofnot be expected that the States will be content to re-that question when it arose. with tke Speakership. History would not Mr. DonaLAS—Why not pun!sh the mnnlng off of allow them to be deceived. Wbll* it wassaid that Mr. SnvAiin was the devil wiio leads the hosts of rebels, be had never uttered a sentiment more off* nslve to the House than had JsprsasoK, the apostle of bnman liberty. It was known that Wash- i-"iBTOM himself always said he wished, if possible, tohopes of pease- fraternity, and good feeling, among the different por- tions of this Union, except by bringing the power of ihe Federal Government, to the extent authorized by Uie Consutution, to protect the people of the States against any external violence and aggression to pre- Missouri, and pointed to a stable in Cleve- serve peace. This s>slem of sectional Ararfare must wtlh a rlolatton of discipline, and not with a grave land, Ohio, filled with the horses. He thought cease- I'he Coiistitulion has given the power, and allaswellasthe offofhoraes. Theim- runningcarried out by our vestels on the coast of Aflica.It sppeara that Cadet WmoBSis only chargedare novotefor a law fair In Its terms, but not calcul-ited to•ffeace,means, we, by Indictment and conviction, will make such examples negroesorborses—andconfinetheminprisonsinthe oftheleadersoftheseconspiraciesaswillslriketer- State where the conspiracy was. He woifl carry ror to the hearts of the others, and there will be an endPlatform to showIhehostilityoftheRepublicanpartytoSlavery, where slaver>' luid polygamy are classed together as tMin relics of and the andas stated.1- Congress competent to pass a law to punish consmra- we ask of Is to the and be efficient in its efficient in Its operaUon. it Is only________ SENATE.— Congress giveptmisljlfconspira- to conspiracy. We must check it by crushing outtors with the intent to luu off any sort of propertynecessary to refer to the PhiladelphiaWashikotor, Tuesday, Jan. 23.Owing to the reporters' gallery being crowded cies to carr>* Territorial elections, whether they were conspiracy, and then there can be safetywasthat Ihe existing institutions should be o'jeyeJ by all good ritizcns, and that vvas the advi;;e of the Apostles. Thefr religion did not overturn govern- ments, but searched Into the wicked deeds of men.under Ibe garb of Emigrant Aid Societies from New- with persons who had no business there, it was England or Bloc Lodges in Missouri. [.\Dplause in; t.'ienwethis principleout. and make a law tobarbarism, polygamlst slaveholder are placed in the same catjg^ory. He taw that the Republicans were lowering their flag. If he could altrioute It to a good motive be would be glad of it Those living furthest from the nigro. ana knowing least about hKn, were the most solicitous for the poor slave. In tne Southern por- tions ol the Free States, which border on tne Slave States, yon find good feeling, because they know what the condition of the slave Is, and in proportion as you go north the feeling against Slavery increases. Mr. DocoLASthen again recurred to Mr. Siwabd's speech, to show that his interpretation of it was cor- and that he maintained the doctrine that themain I see no unprotected. Then, Sir,Free States don't care about it. For himself, if the election of a President in the consti- tutional mode was to be the cause of a dis- solution, the sooner the question Is settled the betterdently safety piup itysome men could not conceive of an action flowing from patriotic motives. lie had brought in his resolution because he thought the time had arrived for practical legislation. He had re-Mr. DoUQLAS saidNorth Carolina had not buoyed thi/man HiLPxa, Uppointed out that they still existed. If the Sen-the 5th of balyl Interested in some sto;:k December, jointAlgeria served Ihe ArabS"when they retreated intothirty disturb us,wherein ibefaculties be to may sappasedthe institution of American Slavery, with heard It In the other branch of Congress, and In tbe wibhed to reach- He w anted the people there to re- His remarks were for the nio:;t part inaudible In theand the duty of Congress under the Constltutlott, taaaact all laws whleh are necessary for the protection a view to Its ultimate eitlnotion tkroughout the newspaperso( aaeh and every State against Invadon, either from land. A sectional war, to be waged until the cot- tor had no other dciizps than to rioclalm tlie same The subject was then postponed till i^ o'clock to-uponIdratgn powers, or by any poitioa of tbe United of Massachusetts shall ikbor, er wheat and rye fieldsand It seems that the hou->-ablc' Sena- gulati- tl.C'ir alTi'.iis in their own way, and liiey might reporters' gallery, but the above Is lielieved to em- to be derived from the habit ofton fields of the South shall he cultivated by free;beUef. We might have presumed this without hisDemocraticcall llil> S-inatter Soverei^nry or v,'ltal tricy pleiseJ- morrow. Adjourned.brace his principal points. Adjourned.THE FLOOR F&OX THE GillBUES. State of Parties in the Hoose.Missouri for Daniel 8. Diclcingon—Boger i. Pr;orthinking peo-^rbaai^'and seeing hot words In cold type next Regarded aa.oae of the aaoat rMng ypnjinMttodeclaration,forItIs nowadogmaoftheparallelIs supposed to maintain ar- tion against another. They not only endeavoreti to would believe It. But the Senator wUi allow lory. The House has been seven weeks inexternal violence. Every State and nation thus exciting the prejudices and passions of one sec- no fears that the RepubUeans of the countryPliatogiaph.partHOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. WAsmRGTOB, Monday, Jan. 33.Mr. Bi^KSDALi, of said Mississippi, (Dem.,)words,shoaia •emarkofMr.BASxanALx.8ia«8rale.been Issued during the ls»t year-^*'' '?\,^SItI'adaptedrequire-—to theircould be profita-andthroat, breast and wrists,arooodth*deal too much of It now. Tbe qnestioD, however, rtilgbtRepntdlcntbeont of tbe RepnbUean Party. [LaugMer.3for tbe Rei«bUc«B Boae aelect Mr. Hsgb- Party. aayBAB,right.Mr. CoBTDibBmoroaslpsaidhlsabjactwastdmoveann,floer, containing longno attempt In its tones to sympathize wltb the dUtoeatHeminds of the peoole rather a serious matter. Every Its affairs to a couple of hundred atockboldaia. In—ibeuld tbe bondConfederacy be dissolved. tbia Very lijrelyprNo Northern man bad written such a book, only be accomplisbed by a bloody revotntlaa, beingThis is our business Now, then, 'let gentlemen consider how to begin.resolved toanother. He could not suy what he would do In re- the world might enjoy. The political blessinga we day, imfil Monday morning nextone, to prevent a conspiracy in one state to invadeadjournfront^theslaves,punity with which the crime of ruiming off slives canDC perpetrated keeps up lae Irritation. Whenmade a penitentiary offence to conspire against prop- erty in another State, then we would get at the rootot the eviL 'The Bepublicassdoubt ready to oboltsh Slavery tbroogbent tbe United 8te!e*. HeI: waslives,portas If anxious to catob FoxandBcsii,Ra-vdou-baadI!he would Suppose they go about the business which Interested in death."close of It* tn inrrinatafter wUcb. Mr.;tlon, with regard to the Platform adopted by the Ilil- nclsDemocr^^StateConventioa. Tillsbrongiitont McCLiBBAiinjl|tbe same Stale.tbe Docglas leader, on the floor, and the matter vras finally settled by closing the Clerk to read certain seetioBi of tbat PlatJnBa >a estraso.humoroutly alluded to the Bible areiimeats which Immediately on Ibcsri'i^in'ii" of tMs (bnlly qaarhad been on the of Sl^verv. rel. RoGSR A . Pitrea, of Virgima, rose with a copy of produced question savin?,"Don't let usdlssolve the USionon a different idter- fbe New-Vork Herald in his hand, and at- oaee there pretationofthatbook." Whattheyderivedfromit wasageneralmovementfrombothsidesoftheHouseto get nearer to the speaker. Mr. Poroa is a very peculiar type of man, and to b.'ins him fairly and fully before your readers would require a more ex-become excited our- amongin Itsregard to the charge of of Indifference whether ed that was a and his complexioa 1* as foD^^ clear, beardless,seemed to distrust their ability toCmake the examina- tion or provide the remedy- He brings In a resolution, and speaks on It, and assumes to Instruct the Com- mittee. But was that all the object of the honorable Senator from Illinois tt.Was there not somsthing be-? He had made what he might call a pohtical speech, -intended to affect political parties. He though he had seen the Senator's argument tiefore, and ht must be permitted to say he had advanced nothing specially new. He thought there was noand If allowed to carry out thefr wishes he fathers were wrong in their legislation on this subject. tor from Illinois on the constitutional right to make did not himself care how they decided. He repelled He referred to the acquisition of Louisiana and Flor-bearti ~ they would not have passed that ordinance. delicate and sensitive as that or^& literary youngwereand therefore compnhended the great work In all Its bearings. They, unlike the politicians of the present day, acted and spoke with sincerity. Suppose other territorybeacqoiredbytbecommonbloodand trea- sure, the RepubUcani say they would exclude Slaveryand a turn of mind.Theythe {oundatlon of aof studious Addto the foregoingahl3i^employed. It could not be kept out by enact- from that, aa our revolationary others did from the ternal man of this editor-Congressman, as nearly asNorthwest aad were ;theythen to be told thattheycorrespondent can It, give18*0. of calling together a Democraticvictory which awaits Wm.ror in so Iqpg leavfrg themselves wltliout a CAodl- oate, after Bococx was abandoned. If they had ad- h( red to Bococs, or even to Muxsoa, the Southern op-the de- which country pays, and which should be|around him'with eachword. HeCiAV, to prove the "n«e ofmentary;ract—adeplorableof— when tbe DemticratshAd gan states that oa the SOth of November last psl-acquired by freaty,Louisiana, provision mide front of battle, when yonr army preeeQceofaa .Ues of the State. The Commissioner sjatesattempt changing tbethesubject.might be tbe ftcaidentiwttto it and neverOn motion of LAWXEacx M. Kxitt, tbe Hooae tkeapleasant dimpletha dli^vaM vMeb itbWiTa a^ .Hittb—il.his kace andand you wlll have tbe ex-As atenor voice, a little wiry, and not yetMr. quite trained to^he size of the Congressional cham-parlia- one—that word fibs been applied more thaamtjdiiag., uwww.fultonhistory.com 