 \ nMr.ALONZODRAPERofLynnwasthen introduced therearetoomanyshoemakers'somemust be drawnoff into other and less crowded vocations; only thus and received with enthusiastic applause. He is the ac- can the wages of those whoremain shoemakersbeknowledged leader of the Massachusetts movement; is really permanently enhanced. If those who stand be- a small, sandy-complexioned man, '-%ith a thoughtful tween the actual 8hoem.-tkers and the shoe-wearers%Steamship Augusta, Woodhull, Savannah, mdse. said pass, to S. L . Mitchill & Son./-' --'WTM**^1TMAlonzoDraperofLynn,etc.M A T E R I A L , A IDThey also identified a vest withvdark ground, blue stripes,andwhitespots,ashavingbeenwornbyone of the W atts boys.MissCatherineDickinson,'whoresideswithhermother, Mrs. Robinson, as above, also visited the Sta-,-. -.glance,ashepassedthecell-door,revealedthesad itwa&%weakago,thoughaKstlebelowtheaverage,scene. Atthefoot,oftheironbedstead,maraudsad,the interests ofemployersandemployedin thu in the premises are clearly consonantr-in fact, ider^fCftl# IItheipntneymcttshoemakersbtNew-Eor^^were kandtheNew-Englandtosomeo^ysection,whoseworkmen w ere willing to accept reasonable rates of compensa- tion.IfattcneBhodmakcrs,.everywhere—employersand employed—were t o unite in establishing a n ex-UticaandLittletall»pap«r*pletuiocopy.Mr. and Mve. Ttobhip.on of No. 14 Carl rtrtot,, Brook- KERRIGAN—In Brooklyn, on Monday, March "> , 1,,•i.tinifinTHE m THETtWIS PUBLISH.-:El B?STHH A»d delivered to CSabttribtrs,$<jyt T H - J E N E W .XVERYLA Is published ever yp«;r annum, in ad n $8; Ten Copi**aey larger Bsm.bnr Cepies:oaddre-• tbe rate of * T"2»e< twenty or more w Mens may commonAdvertisements i LAR P E R LINEFOR CALlFOPrrjipnhKjnea^ntb. vrftU,»*$»50owTwelfth Wm ••toibecoiloftfc»C willbeheldatHeDAT EVENING, Convention. Th'WITXIAKE.PAI For Pre«id<;ning of :he Xlith, evening of Maro 2 William E . Pabor, E. F . Brewn, orc<r itg Port>Retolted Th-.f tb W J L L 1 A M H . S EW. E. PA BOH. SSixteenth \v Etog will be beid ittt Hon, No. 245.8Us-*, fortnepnrpoteofh Alternates, to repre vfcBtkn,to be h#,d and dote at 10 o'<;io| t%B. C. P.AKKK, fcjXcoiurE LA^KK:* ._ At a meetingAHttocianon, lei tbe following pfe.-im STEVENhON. u-a.Whereat, Wtjai hag result* as iiloc history o f this R e; avowed friends of I ard Bearer, a m.»-r publican priccipiKS any contingency :oiWhereas. In the compromising and < and a gentleman w i of every lov«5r cf fRetciced, That :h tbis Au ociatioa a£ these United States thai the Delegates t Convention at 6y;-a< for Delegates to the who are in favor ofWM. W . STP.PHIEighteenth V9 Ward Repnoliean call of the Repuouci 3 0 , 1 8 6 0 , a t "^ p . m . , of 3d-av. and lath-at, and two Alternate t at the State Conv>-n< •elect Delegates to held a t Chicago, Ma; didates for Presidenl?j p. m. b y WM. W . STKi'lH;Nineteenth \TlON of the XJXt Central Ccmmi'rtee Headquarters, corn electing delegate* to 7i to 10 o'clock-Jonjf COOP»R. jr.. JAJOW MIIXE, 'Twentieth "»Y meeting ofthisA.*s< ner of 29th-ht. m.c b 1860, for the purrc.st nates to the Syra'cuj open from 7£-toil S<o'JOHJT V. Gamut JOS. GtJTMAa,Twenty-Gr*t TE—A public meeting EVENING, at No. neat speaker* have t aoen.oi the Ward orCHKJKTOPHE. G. THOJ JOHH Boi/rojf, Se<German jBGermans, rally t o citizens o f the M m Wards are invitee u Ward Republican and 33d-na., on TE o'clock, for tne purp TSCH1RNLR, c i pected to address thBrooklyn.—>»etionwillholdamet lin and Wihougflby- Busiress requires a fA.\AS TUVL,>cc. New-1c BIRTHDAY. NOTICE TO MEiwill not be available Tickets of adini*nc application at the L.il between tbe hours oi orbeforeSATURDA Committee of Arr .-.a* L U T H E R B K A CSAMUEL OSGOC D MOORE, Commute*TotheFriendsefitoftheColoreaOi 28th and 29tniustii. City Hall) Brook!-, a.THE EXHIBfiK en WEDNE&DA- Church,whenaddres TON. esq., and the JB liua ir^e. A colUotiJLectureb and t byfiof.ELI CH.Ui No. 5 Union-square, oftheCourte. T H L HiatonanSjCspicitil"' Thiers." Tick*;*.5t Broadway;atLcokwI UT. E . Y . ROB tilourseatClintonIi-.11 T a t l t iSubject—"TheHe: Costume,Air,'Exert Health and Welfare oTicket*25cents. T T h e K eEVERY EVENING; JBmrchard's Church. Vi§Brooklyn Ninth theRepublicansoitl House,Fulton-av..cli nominate local orlicers. order, R J.I-JouJf D . CCTTKK. S.H e a r W e n d e HEARWENDEUt HEAR WENDE LI HEAR WEN DELI HEAR WENDEJ.I HEAR WENDE!,IA JLecrare rn'rh man Presbyterian Ch THIS EVENING. ;-.i 8 Subject: " Wasbiujdoi TijXets to be had ui K the door.Wendell Phillip •• The Lost Arts." be the Rev. Dr. Ch»piu'» THURSDAY EVEN! 25 c«nta, at the door.AmericanInstil at its rooms, corner< EVENING, at 7j o \ mission free.MAVOK $500Kewar.I.- mon Council, approve Mayor of the City of j hundred dollars for tdtinformationaswilllea *ou or persons who ha firetobuildings onC Tenth avenues, in (he ontbeoertincate ottl whom the convicticrr • •aid reward; but uli c twenty days after suchBrooklyn TnbeitheTabernacleL^ctui W ARD BEECHER. 8o'clock, in the Br* Bartletfa). Subject:~~TheRev.MrT"twill, b y request, doiw<j of the Chinese," o*th on THURSDAY. EV invited. AdmittanceProtCMtnntiMmv j*ct: "Infallibility <>f at 7 o'clock, in the"11th tog is very interesting„ JLectuve.—Sy -pe MlLBURNwillreoe *IaU'S«w in Engian.',1 ciation of the 'J*)th-st, °u FRIDAY EVENii ^Oketa, 2 i »t ut*; tu b•ABOUT THE DERS.LOWER BAY MUR- JONES—On Frldny, March S,at W«Tf*1d«Jc* K*A*miA n County.N,Y..2&.Da^id'jone.,nativ^ ot^uS^?99T: 8•tfl. BOXL'S BJCAD.—The number of beef ctule Sjptiu*NEW-YORK DAJfLY TR3DBUNE, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 28, 1860.Were these views generally acceded to,I am ears MQRE 5hewasinthesociety ofhiswife,withdrew. Abrief Sympathy^ththeLynnStrikers.strikeswouldrarelyoccurorbedeemednecoesary;foriyard? zt Torty^fo'arth street yesterday w«s largwtfeaet fcWmg'2,SDQ, b«idJe&f3w bytheBkrlem ro*d; andMASSMEETINGATTHECOOPERINSTITUTE.lyn,calledattheSecond WardStation-Home,onoftheheart,EdwardKerrigan,sonofth«lat«T^T:'%•«'«•**• nged21yearnand16days. ^JohnK«rrlg»n,tatthewife,withherheadrestingupon*«*»*• Tue3i3no*hearofanyconsiderableadditiontobe Onthebedsattheprisoner,hispale,careworncw*MELVIN-On Tuesday mornm)?, March 27, at 9o'clock afW* lfnjrafoKiUne»s,Martha,wifeofAuntinM«lvSn- ' *.quote a n y nsal advance in any grade W o w the very*eet;'flerthatgradethemarketwas more h'veiy,and•«UB<fquently a little higher, if not in price per bead, intbei estimation of weights. T h e weather being clear John Lesry, will be heard in the Court of Appeals. andcolj,afairproportionofthestockoffered foundBeecher would be present and address the meeting, butneitherofthesegentlemenmadehisappearance.The meeting w a s organized b y the appointment, offair prices, and will continue BOto do to the end.I do not hear it urged on a n y hand that the prices contended forby the striking shoemakers are unrea-sonablyhigh. Onthecontrary,Iunderstand it tobeconceded that they are no higher than they should beattend the funeral from her parents' residence, No. 311 W««t Nineteenth street, thin (Wednesday) afternoon at 2 o'clock, without furtherinvitation.1* faytsoarse,roughoxen,to11 cents a pound forvery *•choice,extra fine qualityofwell-fed steersandred * «xetn. Thereisafairproportionofthesupplyfor sale *'t«Miay.Toward night there was a very decided feffing off in j! ' "tiie prospect of obtaining higher prices for cattle than•*••HEAVY CROTON-PIPECONTRACT.—9?ive Beadedpro- posals for the manufacture of cast-iron Croton-water pipe3,specifiedandadvertisedforbytheWaterDe-partment, wereopenedyesterday,resultinginthe award, ai.the following rates,ofthecontract totheMr. CHARLES MCCARTHY as Chairman, who, on tak- to give the workers a fair livelihood. B u t I under-standtheemployerstoaffirmthattheShoebusinessing the chair, made quite a spirited address to the has been overdone—that there are too many engagedassemblage. Hesaid: andemployedinit—andthattheycannotaffordtopay"buyers, themajorityofwhomdeclarethat their pur- chaacs are dearer to them than they were last reek. Tnt rangeofthemarketisfrom8centsnetapoundprices uenaauueu uy m o oumv..,. u*«,..tt.. _ — - The meeting had been called forthe purpose of sym- the prices demanded by the strikers, though thesec***hBeedtheirdemands,«othattheprospect, based upon**"theclosingsales,wasthatthemarketwillnot average * as high a s last week b y from one-fourth to . o n e -> half a centneta pound.At the book sale of the Messrs. Appleten, yesterdayyafternoon,350lotsweresoldoutof1,700on$hecata-*-long, at03 cent* perfoot; 10,800feet of6-incn straight pipe,S feet long,at63centsperfoot;25tuna ofspecialcastingsfortbi 12and6-inchpipe*,>at$4480pertun.toraiseeuchastormofpublic opinionas toforcethe bosses of Eastern Massachusetts to alter,a stateofthat proper and reasonable demand. They might n o t missioner.have been able t o agree, and thus prevent the strike;but they would have understood each other better, andappreciated their several necessi'fcie3 more folly, had aproposition to adjust their differences in mutual coun-John Bell... Circassian.. Karnak Ariel....... Fulton..New-York.. . Glasgow ..New-Y ork.. . .Galurav,-withgiltedges,broughtonly$6avolume. Thesaleis' tohecontinuedfromdaytoday.* •—.-13 others offering to do such parts as were more particu- their brethren. It was time they tooR their own to make boots and shoes, by offering to buy them.affairsintotheirownhands,andregulatedthesemat- Theywantwork,notalms;weallwanttheproducts larlyintheirway. Thesuretyforthefulfillmentof ters. Itwasstrangethatinthiscountry,wherethe oftheirlabor,orsoonBhallwantthem. Ibelievethe contract is $10,000. About a mile of the four-feet workingmen were all-powerfal, they were ground many thousands in this city who cannot well afford toCanadian wardtoHurrisonavenue. Intenminutesafterthefire NiagaraNew-York New-York Boston-BHOO*XY:.« FERRY IJCASXS.—The auction-sale of the -Barookryn J«*erry leasee, postponed, on the 25th ofpipe isintended for a new main between the receivingIn tteamthip Star of the Wat, from Havana—Urn. Godden, L. Ortig»i a and wife, Mrs. C. Valiente, Mrs. A . C. Lubatt, S. R . Luhatt, W . 11. Middleton, J . Thompson. Mrs. W . A , Y ates, H . Bauvile, wife and infant; Miss Kent, V . W . Josus, Alex. M . Clinton, E . Buckley, J- Newcomb, and 50 in the steorsge.Tuesday noon and identified a red flannel shirt withtenance bearing evident traces of recent weeping. In Speeches by Charles McCarthy, Horace Greeley, employers were to concede it, the ^ I y e n d a r i n g reanit white figures, a pair of.suspenders, a waist belt,and The funeral will VM piaco on Tbandwf. th« 29th hui n± 1msJo to tbe nnnab«r to-day. The greit bulk of the fl&oekon"salethisweekisofacocrsequality,suchashisarmshewasdancing,achubbylittle ^ff»-ently a year old, who w a s crowing a n d ^ n g »«6ttgn oxen, and steers not full fed; and, consequently, y&*supplyneededbyfirstrclassretailbutchersbeing£*Z'kuauBkiient. to^meet the demand, the cattle brokers take ntfhrantageofthenecessitiesofbuyers,«ndcrowdupderprice.^Tneverybest,howevor,didnotbringaWlll **<**"chfldrea,but,-- 7had evidently given voice totheir grief before,an.,'«*ota net a. pound, and Eiany cattle were sold at *0 «eal8orxveronTuesiaythatwouldnothavesoMtheircheekswereyetwetwithtears."jrtftdily at th* same rates last Tuesday. Still we cannot MURDER CASES.—On the 5th of April, the, argu- the Hon. Fernando Wood and the Rev. Henry Wardo'clock p.m., atthe Plymonth Church, Brooklyn. Ttw rab£tmaandfriendsareInvitedtoattendwithoutfurthernotioeT MIS81NG—On Tuesday morning. March 27, Almira, ar«d *years,onlydaughterofJohnandKHz*Missing.The friends o f the family are respectfully Invited U *tt«odtb« . funeral this day, at 2o'clock, from thfl honnoof her ttiaadtatli*rCbarle»Missing,No.170WmtThirty-eighthstreet w,*oei» MAGUIJtE—In this city, en Monday, March 26, James Magnfre 'Anotherlittlerunning about the cell, playing ^ ^ ^ itsreach,nowcallingtothisparentthentothat Theorbitanttariffoffpricesforshoe-work, thousands In'pursuanceofacollforaMassMeetingofthe wouldeagerlyrttshintoahoemaking,andthusstarve! father and mother looked mournfolly on at the frohok-neither spoke a word; they Mechanics and Workingmen. of New-York +o sympa- of wages. There exists, therefore, a perfect harmonyments on the motions for new trials in the, canes of Felix Sanchez, convictedofthemurderofBIB fether- in-law, and Mortimer Shay, convicted of the murder ofto have their likenesses taken, athis request. Theyafterward exchanged daguerreotypes. They took REGAN—In Brooklyn, on Monday, March 26, of consnmptlonThe total coat of the articles contracted for at these things that w a s a disgrace to this great and free nation. [Applause.] T h e workingmen producedrates, is$135r199 75. Itwas feared no single establish- all the wealth of the country, and received thement con'd be found large enough to manufacture the smillest share of it. This w a s because thoywere divided, and did not know their power. above articles within the time specified—seven months All his audience had a vital interest in this Massachu-FIRES.»•..New-York.. .. AKpinwall New-York. .HavreMarch30 March31 Maroh81 March 31...March \*> March17 March18March 2 1 March21 March 2 1 March24—andtheopeningofbidshad,onthataccount,beenYesterdayafternoon,about3£o'clock,a fire brokeNew-York.JLdverpoolSouthampton .New-York..... Southampton.New-Yorkiogue, generally at very low prices; for m -> postponed for a week. Among the bidBthere were only be overstocked with workmen fleeing from that region.1stance, the folio edition of Hume, bound in Russia, ' two contractors offering to nndertake the whole,the He exhorted his hearers to give what they could to aidwe do7 I think we can and Bhould encourage themBremenKangaroosuffering journeymen a pair of boots or shoes, even when the journeymen had to work from 14 to 18 hours though n o t in pressing need of them. W h y should"beensecdownforafwtoreday,inconsequenceofa fromtheHighBridgetothereceivingreservoir,in mentwasnowgoingonforaunionofallthetrades, makebootsandshoesbythethousandpairs,andopenand distributing reservoirs, and the remainder, nearly- ^February, i ."or the Eeventh time, to yesterday, has again two miles more, is to extend across Manhattan Valley a day for such pittances. H e announced that a move- not the suffering journeymen a n d women combine to•contirrcati?>noftheinjunction issuedbytheSupreme ordertoincreasethesupplyofwatertothecity. The soastomakefuturestrikes,thatmightbecomeneces-sary, feasible and sure of triumph. Why, ioi the United proper appeals were made to the public, thousands ofCourtof(ColumbiaCounty. Anappealhasbeentaken smallerpipesaretobeusedthroughoutvariouspartsof StatesthereWere50,000shoemakersalone,andifthey pairsofgood,substantialbootsand shoes,theproduc-«-k>*e for a considerable amount. remunerative to the collector.T h e sale w a s quitesum of $20,000 wa3 appropriated by the Common Council,insecretsession,onMondaynight, toward ferry purposes. The main object is to procure a reduc- tion of the fare to one cent.songwaswritten,andrepeatedfromJohnO'Groat's otheLand'sEnd,ofwhichtheburdenwasasfollows:" And Bhail Trelawney die,And must Trelawney die,Then twice three thousand CornishmenShall know the reason why."throughoutyesterdayattheBattery,wheretheSpray islying,eagerlyseekingfornewdevelopmentsinthe case. T h e Harbor Police, still have t h e vessel i n charge, but feel indisposed to do anything more toward a thorough search of her cabin and hold, in deference toowners oftheframehousestranspired,ortheamount of their loss.A largo quantity of various kinds of rope was saved perfect^ from the rope factory; also, a number of clock fronts from the CIOCK factory.72, signaled a Bremen ship showing a white signal with a r e d border,thefigure5inthecenter,steeringN.E.;18th,lat.3520, Ion. 74 40, passed ship Admiral, steering N .Brig Mary Means (of Sedgwick), Tibbets, Havana March 5, molasses to II. D. Brookman L Co. Experienced very heavy weather; lost deck load of 50 hhds. and 12 bbis. molasses; split tails, &c.THE EXXCCTIOK O F JOHN CRIM.MISS.—On Friday UKXSTOWK'MAN FOUNDJDKOWNED.—The body, of an And King George had to pardon Trelawney, awedthe au-hority of Marshal Rynders, who, it w a s e x - By this disaster a large number of persons who were Brig Burmah (of Brookline, Me.), Ober, Guyama, P . R , iSfiext, betweenthehour*of9andIxio'clock,a.m., unknownmanwasfoundinthewateratthefootofHudson avenue jeat«rd»y morning. The deceased had. from appearances,employedinthevariousdepartmentsarethrownoutof employment._ T h e jenny house belonging to the rope factory tookday»,sugararyimolassestoNesmith&Sons. Experiencedvery heavy weather the entire passage.Brig San Pedro (Naples), Caffero, Messina 60 days, fruit t o Chamberlain, Phelps & Co. .John Criinmins is to be executed for the murder of Dennis McHeory. The deceased and Cricamins hudbeenatenmityloralongtime,andonthenightofthe mnrder, Mcllenry entered the siloon kept by the con- demned, m Pell street, with two or three of his fellows. Afterhavingdrunkonceortwice,somewordsarose bevwc*nhimandCrimmins,whenthelatterorderedbi» out of the saloon. Mcllenry then us^d very ..i-boeiv© language to both the prisoner and liJ3w h e , -and.ehbUeogedCrimminstocomeiuto thetftieetandbeen in the water about three months. l i e hud on a dark over-coat, black frock coat, black silk vest, plaid Batinet pantaloons,and no shoe*. H e had large, heavy whiskers all around his face. history of the Lynn Strike. H e claimed that several Hii afce wasjudged tobeabout40years. Theremainswere tosses hadmade large fortunes lastjearbycutting takentotheDead-Houae. Furtherparticularscanbehadatthe downthewagesoftheirhands. What hadbeenthe office of Coroner Horton, rear of the City HalLpected,woulderethishavetaken'measurestoaccom- plish this end.;SORB'Swfefre'jvm'ly visit* hiscell,holdinglougcon-,veiaaxioaswithhfm. She-stiliindulgesthehopethatOlsoa they, would protract and intensify their permanent dis- Thirteenth Ward—AxaxiA IfiprgfnH.Fourteenth Ward—H. V-onneiiUen,SIdueySmith,DanielBel- abilities,andthoseoftheirfellow-craftsmen. Sothey lows, Bob. Erwing, Jox;H. Cook, John 1*. Kennedy, Robert bear on.Edward Boynton, son of the late Jedediah Boyntou, esq., ofBROOKLYN CITY COURT.—NOS. 22, 6,42, 44, 4, 46, 2,33,4,CH,47,SO,51,52,54,55,56,59,60.inherlarboardbow,madebythebowspritoftheLu-thizewithandaidtheShoemakersofLynn,nearlya thousand people assembled last evening in the greatofinterestsbetweenemployersandjourneymen,be-by Edward Watts yesterday ishers,andwastakenunder the following circumstances: Last Tuesday fore-MOONY—In this city, o n Monday evening, March 26, Bernard Moony,inth«j71»tyearofhisage.NORB.I8—In this city, on Thursday, March 27, Mary Aana, in- fant daughter o f Alexander and"^ Margaret Norris, aged i months and 11 days.tween shoe-producers and shoe-conanmers', and those halloftheCooperInstitute.Itwasadvertisedthat interestsrequire,nothighpricesnorlowprices,butnoon Oliver Watts paid her avisit, having ridden downfrom Coney Island Point, and they went out together The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully InvitedtopathizingwiththemenofLynn,whowere"ona strike." These mendeserved thesympathyofthe wholecountry.Theywerestrugglingforafairremu- nerationfortheirlabor,whichtheydidnotget. The bosseshadgroundthemdowntothe lowestpoint. Itarenohigherthantheygenerallydidpaytwoyears ago. Inotherwords,theemployerssay they donotpaythepricesdemandedbecause,asabody,theycan- notaffordto-. as IWell,Icreditthisstatementoftheemployers,Noticeoffuneralhereafter.•.nfoTemeata of Oc«an Hteamerc. TO DEPART.heave For Asia.. *......%... ..New-Y ork.. .. Liverpoolneither "WarrenFounderyaridMachineCompanyofPhillips- wasstated,andnotdenied,thatmanyofthemendothatofthejourneymen. Iamconfident"nburg, T$aw-Jereey:Furni:.b»ng 3,395 tuna-of 4-foot pipes, 12 feet < inches long, at1633 93 per tun; 35 tuuo of special castings for 4-foot pipe, at $67 20p«r tun; 6.167 feet o f 12-inch pipe, 12 foot 4 inches long,could not obtain $3 per week; that the women—some of them—could not earn more than 40 cents for the same time. I n Europe, even, t h e oppressed workinging, a s k their employers t o meet them b y delegates i nmutual council, o r that the employers did not accede t oit a high honor.H e will probably b e examined a t1 "wereobtainedlastweek. Thebrokers generallyre- at$120perfoot;3,103feetof6-inchBtraightpipe,12feet4inchei classeswerebetterotf. Itlay with the workingmen11 o'clock this morning before the United States Com-Date.March 28 March28 March 29/setts movement, for, if it failed, our own trade wouldourabilitytothereliefofthesuffering,isthere any-New-Yorkto demand an exorbitant price for theirwould be a transfer of the BD^jj^^g ],a8meB8 fr0m two blue flannel shirts, as belonging to Oliver Watt?.down more bitterly than in Europe. -It w as not give them even a dollar would yet gladly buy of theJPasMscnger* Arrivedstrange there was an overstock of boots and shoes,would each'contribute 25 cents per week, their breth- tion of those now out of work, might be sold in this age, although close to the clock factory.ren at Lynn could hold out a year. City alone, and ton times as many elsewhere. A nd, asmo&tjonrueymenown their o w n implements, a n dA.lengthy listofVice-Presidents, mostly working- eitherdoormay makeintheirown houses, I see no Q6RR I JNION MKETING A T THE COOPER INSTITUTE.— has gradually increased until a considerable number Tfce Committee on Resolutions presented a preamble and reso- shoes for us before the close of this week. And if,*' Our rep ort of the Cooper Institute Union Meeting was are now taken daily. Many of-the fishermen have lutions to the elleot thut, wishing to sympathize with and aid the after they shall have thus begun to make, with the- from the < lecision of Judge Hogeboom b y the people of the city. Brooi lyiy , which has not yet been decided. The Con-—'—•The jenny-house, which was three stories high, ap- peared to be full ofcombustible material, andthe neavy black smoke and flames were vomited from thetroller hi is now set down the 29th of May for the sale.SHAD.—For more than a week past shad have beencaughtbyourfishermen inthebay. Thenumberob-tained a t the first haul was only two, but the quantity men, was then read. After which, reason w h y they might not be hard a t work making windows with tremendous force. The hopelessness ofPORT OF NEW-YORKCleared.MARCH 27."\.' crovrde ft out yesterday morning by more important Tftews, J ind appeared in our evening edition only. T h e :principalpointinthedemonstrationwastheremarkby Thorn* is- A . Nelson of Tennessee, who characterized" theDi jclaration of Independence as a " giant humbug," " when the audience hissed him in a long, loud, almost unani xaous hiss. Mr. Maynard was suffering so severe- • ly frt >XQa cold that h e apoke but a few minutes. M r .--Sere ad followed, and the meeting adjourned.Ml'TiNY.—A mutiny occurred yesterday upon the ship Switzerland while proceeding t:> s e a . A s s h e was going down the bay, the colored crew refused todo duty, when the commander, Capt. Trask, anchored •the vessel and set his ensign union down. The reve- nue cutter McClelland sent a boat to her and arrested the mutineers, when Officers Burdett, Stevens, a n dSuKvan of the Harbor Police boarded the vesfael and pot the crew in irons. All except four resumed duty.Tin Coix SAL*.—The " Coin fevei" seems to rage i»igber than ever. The sale of M r. Bramhali'g exten- tive nnrrismatic cabinet, which commenced o n Monday afternoon, as stated in yesterday's TRIUUNE, was con- cluded lu*«.evening. There was a larger attendance and more spirited bidding than on the evening previous. The coins in some instances brought high piices. A dime of 13i£ sold for $2 90; a quarter-dollar, 1796—the first year'tt coinage of thw denomination—$1 G2j; a proof Hying-eagle dollar, 18.%, $9; cents of 1793, the various types, $1 87 to $-1 50 each; and 1803,1817,1818, and l8li)t $2 to $3 each; I. Chalmers Annapolis shilling of 1788, $7 50; Louisiana coppers, 1722 and 1767, $1 .V)and $2 25; a large assortment of Americanpolitical and advertising tokens, in fine condition, realized frocn 3 cents to $1 each. There is such a de- mand for theee cariovities that although Messrs. Leavfet Si Co. jsroed 500 catalogues, they were all gonebeforethesalebegan,andlargebidsweremadefor them. Theoneu<»edbytheauctioneerwassoldatthejust tarred their nets a n d sharpened their poles, pre- cordwainers o f Massachusetts, n o w o n turn-out, whom they great consuming Public a s their direct employer, theysaving this building caused the firemen to concentrate their efforts upon tfie clock factory and the front build- ing of the North American Foundery, as also in en- deavoring to prevent the flames from communicating with the stables and dwellings oh the opposite sideof Walton street. I n about half a n hour after the fire first broke out, the jenny-houBe, and boiler and en- gine-houses, which were built of brick, were laid in ruins.Notwithstanding the efforts made to save the clock factory, which also was three stories higb; the two up- per stories were completely gutted, while the Btockbelonging to the rope factory, which was stored away in the first story, w a s either burned, o r damaged b y muddy water.The foundery escaped damage, except it may have been by water.Steamships—De Soto, Bullock, Havana; Jamestown, Skinner, Norfolk, Ludlam fc Heincken; Asia (Br.), Lott, Liverpool, E . Canard. .Ships—Switzerland, Frank, Apalacbicola, Oakley &. Keating; Bernard, Hubbard, Mobile, N . H . Brigham; Star of the West, Morrison, Mobile, S . Thompson's Nephew.Barks—-Cienl'uegOB, Cole, Cienfuegos; Ivanhoe, Emmona, H a - vana.Brigs—Suwannee, Munroe, S t . Mark's, Smallwood, Earlo 4c Co.; Experiment, Rogers, Jacksonville; Los Amigos, Brownlow, Aspinwall, A . H . Solomon; Thomas Achorn. Parker, Rio Zair, J. M . Parker; Falmouth, Lienas, Port de Lenha, master; Protejo (Br.), Hammond, St. John, Wilson & Jttraine.Schooners—C. Jayne, Rowland, Alexandria; Moses Waring, Crowell, Boston, S. W . Lewis it Co.; D . C. Foster, Townsend, Charleston, Brown & D e Rossett; Andromeda, Rowland, Cedarbethport; Advance, Curry, St. John^ D . it- Dewolf; J . H . Wil- liams, , Philadelphia, J . Hand; Seven Brothers, Healy, Yar- mouth, N . S., Thomas James; Eleanor, Townsend, Fernaudina,paratory to the season's fishing.looked upon as the victims of oppression on the part of their 8ball be encouraged to go on in that way lor an indefi- employers—their wagea being reduced.so low that a m an couldnot honestly and respectably support himself and family; and, nite period—giving u s a s good shoes, and a t as reason- being,proudtoseethemanstandwhichthouumenhadmudu ableprices,aswecanbuyelsewhere—Icannotsee lor the overcoming o f their grievances—especially t h e wivesBROOKLYN[Richmond County Gazette.ITEMS.that any one could justly complain.A grand Military Concert is to be given by the SeventhRegimentBandinPlymouthChurchto-morrow. night.»daughters, and sisters o f these men—therefore, theyJivsolved, That they would aid and assist the strikers to the best of their ability till they hod accomplished their object; thatHorace Greeley beappointed Treasurer, and J. F.Methven Sec- retary, to receive donations for that purpose. Adopted.'Rely on it, fellow-citizens, the grievances of Work are not to be overcome by Idleness. They can bebut transiently and partially relieved b y alms-giving. IfTHE CHARTERELECTION.—Both parties have nearlycompleted their Ward nominations. T h e following forehead, and much resolution in his manner. N o off- charge too much for their services, w e must contrive,candidates for Aldermen and Supervisors were nomi- natedbytheDemocratsonMonday evening;hand speech could have been more happily delivered, or better adapted to the audience than the one which henot to stop making shoes o n the one hand, nor wearingthemontheother, butto makeour.exchanges moreAt the other end of the rope-walk, in Walton street,near to Harrison avenue, were several small frame &L Rnnyan &. Co.; A . B . Hoyt, Robinson, Philadelphia, J. W .Ward III . Daniel McLaughlin.III .No nominations.IV, .Wyckoff Lawrence.VVI. .Charles Frank». VIIVIII. James Sharkey. IXX .Daniel Green. XIXV..XVlV.John Rab«r. XVII..XVIII..Martin Kalhfleisch. XIX..Supervisor*P. J. Hancey. Wm. Hullen.proceeded to make. Mr. Draper said that he had ex- simply, directly, cheaply, without the aid of go-be-pected not to have been obliged to say much, when he tweens. We are at perfect liberty to do without eitherdwelling houses, to which the flames were communi- McKee.XII XIII..Steamship Star of the West, McGowan, New-Orleans March 23, off the Moro, pataed Bremen bark Apollo, bound intoHa-vana ; 24th, 5 p. m., lat. 21i36 N., Ion. 7740 W., passed ihip Alfrel Stevenson, and bark Grace Hammond, both bound t o the north- ward.Dennis Keefe. XIV ..Philip Brady.the shallow stagnant pools in the neighboring fields. When played upon the burning buildings it was as black a s the smoke which issued from the. shed a t t h e commencement of the fire.The fire engines wero deposited at various points inthe open fields near the little lakes, and the sight whenthey were all pumping, concentrating their variousstreams upon two or three engines near to the burningpile, was' a n interesting o n e . T e n thousand peoplemust have flocked t o t h e immediate neighborhood o fthe fire, as the avenues and streets all round presented the cargo, and during which ihe vessel staxted leaking.The Republican nominations thus far made are as follows;Steamahip Roanoke, Conch, Norfolk, lie., mdse. and pass, to Ludlam id Heincken.Aldermen.Wardl..II..Daniel T . Leverich.IV..Peter G. Taylor. Y..VII..VIII.. William A . Fritz.X..Charles J. Shepherd. XV..XIX..Supervitors.Luther Karnes. Justus S . Bedtield. Samuel Booth. Andrew. J. Genung.Stephen Crowell. Garret G. Bergen. Wm. M. Thomas.Cha«. C. Talbott. James D. Sparkman.Steamship Mount Vernon, Layfleld, Savannah, mdse. and pass, to H . B . Cromwell U. Co.Isaac Badoau. John Reilly.Wm. J. Oaborn. W m . Murray. Patrick O'DonnelL Owen Foley.Samuel Smith. Edward McLeer. Kdward McGlinn. Robert W. Allen. Adam Wick. Peter Brennan.James Campbell. Thos. S. Diok. John Garrison.' Peter M. Sharp.saw the formidable list of names on the programme. But none of them, except himself, were here to-night. [Here Mr. Horace Greeley entered by the platform door, and the audience raised such a storm of applaaseas compelled the speaker to turn i u quest of the^eause.J No, he was mistaken; he was glad to find he was not7 alone. [Three cheers were again given for Horace Greeley.] Said he, I hope that other thinking m en will encourage us by their presence here to-night, rather than b y staying at home, and elaborating fine-spun theories of labor. We propose not merely to give the workingmen ol the East a lair price for their work, but to elevate them, mentally and morally. H e did not believe exactly in the words of Dean Swift, who had said it was easy to see the poor opinion which the Lord had of riches, b yobserving to what kind of men he had given them. He believed in the dignity of wealth properly acquired. There weie rich men of honorable hearts. A t a meet- ingat Newark, last night, the Hon. Wm. C. Wright, the wealthiest man in Newark, had been present; andnot only lent his presence, but on tne next morning drew his check for $50, in aid of the strike. Mr. Gil- ford, the President of the New-Jersey Senate,had alsoemploying shoemakers or shoe-dealers; and, if we can- not do this with advantage, w e must bring no railing accusations against those dealers, but confess them Sublic benefactors. Lt' Labor cannot exchange p r o -ucts directly with Labor, it is not the fault of Capital. But I believe it can and will, and here is a good oppor- tunity lor a beginning. I earnestly hope itmaynot pass unimproved.A. M. MATHER, asa representative ofthe " Tailors' Union of the City of New-York," here handed the Chairman a contribution of $120 from that organiza- tion, t o be divided equally among the male and female shoemakers of Lynn. A letter wasread from the fore- man of the Bhop of Mr. A . O . Whitehouse, shoe manu- facturer of this city, inclosing $100 for the same object. These donations were loudly cheered. Speeches were made by others interested, in the cause, and the meeting adjourned ata late hour.cated from the shed, a n d they were so thoroughly de- molished that afterward it was difficult to point out the sites where they stood. The poor people? however, who had occupied them succeeded in saving mo3t of thdir furniture a n d carrying i t t o a n adjacent vacant lot, where it remained piled up until they had a n op- portunity of hiring apartments elsewhere.Steamers—Kennebec,-Hand, Philadelphia, F. Perkins; Artisan, Foster, Philadelphia, W . Dalzell.Arrived.Steamship John Bell (B r . screw), Creighton, Queenstowa Feb. 29, mdbe. and 13 pass, t o F . McDonald. March 23, lat. 4115, Ion. 63 47, pasted Br. screw steamship Australtwlan, hence for Liverpool. Arr. off the Battery at 10:45 p. m .tAldermen are elected in the newly-numbered Wards, aided them. Speaking of the power of public opinion,Thomas J.-Moore's zinc clock factory was insured master. 1*boundto Boston. Experienced heavy weather, cam- No further discoveries have transpired calculated to only three days ago. W e did not learn to what ine her to leak; put into this port to repair.andSupervisorsinalltheWards.THE FERRYQUESTION.—It isunderstoodthatthe gland. WhenTrelawneywascondemnedtodeath,amount. BarkE.A.Chase (ofPortland),Hall, Guantanamo,Cwba,22 days, sugar to master. March 20, lat. 33, Ion. 74, signaled shipWhen our reporter left he had not been able to pro- AiKwright, steering E . cureinformationastotheamountofdamagesustained, BrigPenobscot(ofBangor),Kdgerly,Areceibo,P.R.,March ortheamountofinsurance. Norhadthenamesofthe 7,sugarandmolassestoBrett,Son&,Co. March17,lat.31,Ion-andofthelaboringclasses,hequotedtheinstanceofthe arraignment oi Trelawney, the workingmau of En- this vessel. A crowd of persons came and wentout the present shoemakers, in spite of their high tarifftion-Houee, and states that the daguerreotype identified brother ofPatrick Maguire, in the 34th year of b> age. 'a store in our city for the sale of them ? I think, ifJn ttcamship John Bell, from Queenitoim—Ed.. Mongones, La«MARINE JO URNAL.THESLOOPSPRAYMURDERS.saved, is insured to the amount of $8,000 in the Wil- Georges.liamsburgh City and other Insurance Coaipanies. Bark Progresso (Italian), Selasco, Palermo 86 days, fruit tothrow a n y light upon t h e mystery connected withby'the-feelingsolhissubjects. Andnowshouldour Eastern brethren die, o r suffer worse than death. [Loud cries of " iN'o, No."] T h e speaker then gave a briefresult of the strike thus far '/ After the first week thebosses oflejed to give them tw o thirds of their de-mand. Altertwoweekstheyagreedtogivetheentireamountasked,butrefusedtosignthebillofwages. So the cordwainers thought that perhaps, in either have a windlass planted on the shoie, with a. the tenement house rear of No. 118 Amity street, caus- master.damaginghiafurnituretotheamountof$50. ^wfat him. -On gying into the nfreet himself he began cans elected delegates to the Assembly Conventions, in that region ever' since ths 22d ult. Pro- flow in with the return of the tide, ortow her around of fire unknown.OriginSchr.Howard,Baker,Boston3days,mdse.toS.W.Lewisit. Co.Schr. G.A.Haden, Smith, New-Haven 2 days, In ballast. Scbr.Maria&,Louisa,Chase,Saybrook2days,inballist. Schr.C.A.Stetson,Cobb,Providence3days,inballast. Schr.Cabot,Mayo,Boeton3days.mdse.toJ.W.McKee. Schr. Golden Eagle, Kelsey, Stonhigton.in ballast for Virginia. Schr.SusanBaker,Gooken.New-Baven2days,inballast Scbr. Charter Oak, Kelly, Elizabethport, coal for Boston. Schr.Wave,Edwards,Virginia3days,wood.latheWardsbelowFourteenthstreet,theRepubli- throwing econeu into the windows of the saloon. who will chooee delegates to the State Conventions.having a good time. A carnival had reigned low water over rollers, so that the water cannotTiensapoa Cnmnuue seized a short sword from under tkaco-nater,andmehedoutofthedoor,whenMcllenry threw &i>w. m Lkm. The prisoner tbeu pursued de-The delegates elect are: - ,FlKST ASHKMBI.Y CONVKNTION.Firtt Ward—Arthur Boyce, George Thomson, J. Clltz Mor-ilson, Jaiufrs Mar»tiull, Ii«nry Martens.Atll| o'clocklastnight, a fire broke outinthe dwelling-houseofRichard Reynolds iu Forty-fourth street,betweenthe Eighth MidNinth avenues,andcessionsandharhecueahadbeentheorderofthetime. totheDryDock, where shecanbeelevated"and lo,00Umenhadjoinedthemovement. Theirmissiou-arits were allover theState convertingtheshoe- pumpeddry.makers to thetruefaith. [Laughterandapplause.] Promthesearchalreadymade,itseemsunlikelythatFIRE IN WEST FORTY-FOURTH STREET.after arriving atJereey City, he crossed over to Neitv-the Governor will save her husband from tlie ignomin- BenneSi. The shoemakers of Lynn and those who act with York. That afternoon, a negro told him that the police 2 o'clock p. in., without further invitation. tached, knifiht heads, kc.; she does not leak; the other schr. WMcous death to which he ha« Leen condemned. Kvery Seventeenth Ward.—hni&c McGay, Richard H . Woods, Jacob them in their present movement, demand the establish- M. 1'atti.rsou, jr.•*x»rtion ha» been made in hisbehalf, but upto the SKVKNTH AiSKXBLY CojfYKNTION. mentofa BillofPrices,accepted alike, byemployersBEE—On Sunday, March 25, Kate Louise, only daughter of light, and bound W.; lo«t jibboom.Also arr., scor. Sarah Elwell, from Rockland for New-York; A .present time t h e Governor h a s steidily refused t o«;ther commote hie sentence or recpite hirn. A number uleve, WJQD. H . Gedney, Samuel O. Kannard.ofcitkecsyesterdaywent toAlluny forthe purpose Fifteen*/. Ward.—Erastuw C Benedict,JolihL.Taylor,Fred- erick I t Shernjan. Alexander C. Pearcy, Joha H. Power..hope, and now looks forward only to pacing away on ui/ugs, J. M . Boyd, Thomas C. Gould, Robert 1'attersou. 'TKJfTM AKSKMHX.V CONVKNTIO.Y.Harbour, aired 5' a Grace Sargent, and Henrietta Ma-cy, from Havre; A«U>riaH."Friday. Meantime the preparations for the execution Fifi.eev.th Ward—Sujnuvl Leeds, J>'roncls Rowh. aTi>quietlyprogressiag. Theecah'ohionwhichSlty Seventeenth Ward.—Francis M.SiuRb,FrancisHimll,An-vanillin, Eugene Endhjott, son o f t h e late George EJCLord, from Liverpool; barks Ellen Steven*, from Matanzas; O l a Dominion,fromBoston.jxect*««*rypolicearrangementsaxebeingperfected. Keel««y,Ber;iiirdKitzpatrick,ArtemairR^iybert,Daniel Herrlclt, Cornelius Donaldson, James IVirson. H . N . Warren. John At-labor, at piece-work.This Bill of Prices cannot? be inflexible—unchangea-IsaneHudden,nged411years,ofthefirmofOvo.OpdykeitCo- II is relatives uiid friends of the family are invited to attend Ins funeral at No. 07 Morton street, on Wednesday afternoon ut 3Cape llaytien; Chicopee.Howes, Mobile; schrs.Wm.Allen, Grant, Mobile; W . H . Gililaud. Ericson. Charleston; Hanover, Hodgdou, Miragoan«; Ranger, Ah>u, Fortune Island. V •>'«», Joim Mtijrr, JulianTh e prisoner is confined in the corridor whore pris- Hkiuimn.t.Joim Miliar inii.n (;# Harrison, jomes Morris, Richard G.A s y e tPatch. Ex-Aid.Voorhies,whowasretainedascounselforST. THOMAS, March 7.—The brig Marshall (of Boston), Adam- son, from tbe Coa.it of Africa, bound to Boston, with a cw^o ot necessary, thoy should call a mutual council of dele- arrest, demanded an investigation. It was accordingly to attend the funeral from the corner of Fourth street and palm oil, arr. on the 5th inst, with losn of spars and leaking In upper works. The bark Lamartine has discharged her cargo, anfA beingstillleaky,willbetakenonthemarinerailway. Thebrig Abby Jones (of Boston), previously reported, has been eo«v- demned, und will be sold by auction on the 8th inst. The Abby IJUS6EY—In this city, on Monday, Murch 26, of congestion of Jones was built at Augusta, Me., in 1851, 209 tuna resistor, ratedoners trader sentence of death are usu'^lly kept, and UK-iiu, Bn/uarU Sc^iwartz, Gerard Miller.scarce—as food is cheap or dear—as dollars and cents standforlessor.more. Butwhenevereitherjourney- men or employer,c deem a revision of the Scale just andHaven Railroad, corner Twenty-seventh street and Fourth avenue, on Thuruday morning, to Muiuaro&vck for interment.Oft Highland Light, ship Indian, from New-Orleans;brig AbneC ••occupiies^celladjoiningtheoneinwhich Stephens speat 1 'i* last /lays. B y the kindness of Sheriff Kelly, j|>0. Crimmins was yeacerday allowed to spend a por--^ion jpf the day in the cell with her husband. Our re*porter vi^ted the prison lor the purpose of holding a ewyer^ion with rbs condemiied, but, perceiving thatThewatdaaboveFourteenth streetwillholdtheir p/Wiaries on uext Friday evening.**«wipiaofProduce.HIPWELL—OnTuesday, March27,I860,Jane, thewifeof John rllpweli, aged -t'i years, % mouths and 19 days.X>i*n*t«^r», Arc.w6^dinner and tea together a t a n early hour, a3 Oliver said hehadpromisedthecaptaintoreturnsoon,asthe sloop was waiting for fair wind. Mrs. Robinson says that Oliver appeared that afternoon as if he had had a warningofsomesort,ofwhatwasgoingtohappen; hewassoanxioustoreturn tothe slooop, and acted inamannerveryunusualwithhim. Johnsonisin theTombs,*ascoolandcollectedasever. Yesterday Barnumtookacastofhiscountenance,fortheMuseum,party means to be unreasonable orunjust. I complain which the man submitted to asgayly asif he thought only that either the journeymen did not, before strik-Bridget, wife of Thomas Regan.SULLIV AN—On Tuesday, March 27, Lizzie Denver, a native of Downpatrick,CountyDown,Ireland,aged26yearn,wife<f Thomas 8ullivan, printer.The friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend th« funeral on Thursday afternoon at 2£ o'clock, from No. 303 Front street, corner of Gouverneur.TRAPHAGEN—On Sunday,March25.ofdiseaseoftheheart, ClarissaHopperTraphagen,inthe52dyearofherage.VANZANDT—At8t.Anthony,Minn.,onThursday,March22 Mathew T.VanZandtofTarrytown.cil been seasonably made and received in a spirit of GREAT CONFLAGRATION IN BROOKLYN—ALLEN <kM'D0U-City of Manchester..New-York.. .Liverpool North Briton Portland... ..Liverpool..TO ARRIVE.GALL'S ROPE WORKS DEMOLISHED—A CLOCK F AC-TORY GUTTED.Messrs. Allen & McDougail, located >sXthe corner of Walton street and Marcy avenue, and extending east-reciprocal kindness and good will.—But when we shall have contributed according toArabia thing more that we can do forthem 7 What else can out in the western extremity of the ropewalk of SozoniaLiverpool Liverpool Liverpoolbroke out the ropewalk, which is 620 feet long, was inone magnificent sheet of flame. In about five minutesmore the entire shed, from end to end, was demolished.Bv that time the' flames had communicated withthe jenny-house, fronting on Walton street, and theboiler a n d engine-house, which stood between t h eienny-house and the ropewalk; also with the clockfactory of Thomas J. Moore, fronting on the samestreet. T h e North American iron foundery i3 also Gcelelis and wffe, L . Smith and wife. located on Walton street, a n d narrowly escaped dam-There was very little water to be had, and what thefiremenwereobligedtousewastakenbysuctionfrom 20,andHavana23d,mdse.andpass,toM.O.Roberts. Marchone human mass. .The North American Iron Foundery, which w a sBark Tonquin (of Bath), Batcheldcr, Liverpool -49days, mdse. to C. C . Duncan &. Co. Experienced very heavy westerly gales; carried away main topgallant mast; h a s been 14 daya W . o fAs it is, the Spray lies about twenty feet from the fire about a year and a half ago, but by an overflow of Brig Charles Miller (of Boston),!Brewer, Matanzas via NorfolkBatterywall,oppositetheflag-staff, where thewatersteam theflameswereextinguishedingoodtime,and butlittledamagesustained.FIREINAMITY STREET.60days,sugarandmolassestoR.P.Buck&Co. BrigIsabellaJewett(of8uck»port).RioHacheFeb.28,hides,wood, 4tc, to James E . Ward.Scbr. Delpbin (Bremen), Hallenbech, Angostura 35 days, bide*is even with her decks a t high tide.At low water,The origin of the fire yesterday afternoon has not become known.she is partially emptied, through a hole two feet squareto Oelnchs it Co. Schr. Norma,Clinton.JWyant,withmdse.fromtheshipDeWittandaatthetimeofthecollision. TheMarshalshouldYesterdayafternoonat4o'clockafireoccurredinSchr.ThomasHix,Hall,MahouDitch,Del.,2days,corntoREPUBLICAN PRIMARY ELECTIONS. another fortnight; they, would conclude to sign the ing damage to the building to the amount of $100. T h e Schr. Mary, Smith, Fredericksburg 5 duys, com and flour tobill. So they coueluded to wait. Besides, they were span of horses to work it, and haul the vessel up.at fire originated in the room occupied by John Watts, master.Two thousand ladies bad joined them, and had pledge J any bodies are beneath her decks, but some evidence thence communicated to two dwellings on either side,themselves nottowork foranybosswhowouldnot eachoccupiedbyoneormorefamilies. Thedwelling<*fcsed, *iid whihj they were running, stabbed him Third Ward.—John M . Costa, .Amos i>tookey Sheridan sign the men's bill of wagss. Tney proposed to estab- may be discovered to prove more decisively that mur-' of Mr. Reynolds w a s almost entirely destroyed, in-, Schr. D . S. Miller, Cribbie, Alexandria 4 days, coal.ozuce. Soonafterdec«a«edMldownnetrsomec*rts, wb/*u Crimmift* ca."ne up with bim and stnbhed him twicemorewhiled»>wn. Crimmins wa»very much excited at the time, i»ji lit; thought that the friends'of MclZanry had come Vodo him harm, and he according-Srrorul Hard.—Joseph Manning,JohnShipton. Shook.lishanapprenticeshipsystem;nottoallowanybody derhasbeencommitted. Ifneitheroftheabovepian3 volvingalossofabout$1,500or$2,000. TheotherSchr.Rescue,Bacon,Baltimore4days,coaL Schr.WmCapes,Y'anName,Virginia3days,wood. Schr. S. A . Hammond, Paine, Bo»ton for Baltimore.Sixth Ward.—Jumes R. Laurence, Henry B . Martin, P. V an If fief.* M.IIenry was conveyed to the Hospital, Wyck, John M. Cue, Israel VVJHiams, E . H . Cornel).wVrr he died the oext morning. Early the next '• day Crimmins preset* ted himself at the Siatioa-IIoass, and delivered him*elf u p to the ot!ii:erH, who had been «jreajrch«»£ for him «U nij jot. The accused oad a lengthySixth Ward.—Gtotga Orundy,DavidB.Dwi.ro,RogerJudge, jr., banauel ilahon, (Jwen VV. lirenuan, John Schwally.THIRDAMSKMULY-COSVKNTIOX ..JBIS Third Ward—J. L Hanson.Fifth Ward- James W. Mattlson, Andrew Nesbitt, jr., WJH. F!::rK, IH(I*O Olrnntead, Chan. K. Randolph, Edward W . Pratt, JOUJI S. Moore, VVui. II. Bauey.STONER—WALKER—AtPerry,PikeCounty,111,onThurs- day,March 22,by theRev. Jumea P.Dlmiu,Philip Swner,k -?:»', rrhich wan tenuinated on Saturday, Feb. \. Eighth Ward— John E.Ayres, Wm. Browne, J. II.Corwin, /•iVer manure deliberate m the J u r y brought in a verdict Thoa. Kulier, Thos. McUou^al.hood. Many reminiscences of the strike were given Deputies, but showing no authority, called at the by the speaker, most of which are already familiar tothe public through the papers. After alluding tothe Station-House and endeavored to get possession of theMaria Morton, Kavannali; lsmael &Susan. Havre; lvrtnhoe.do. ; brigs Isaac A). Denson, Para; Suwauute, S t Mark's; schr. Peer- less (Br.), Bermuda.WIND—During the day, from W . N . W .The Hamburg steamship Teutoma ii now on the gTeat Ba'anco Dock lor the purpose of having her propeller refastened endbee hull sciaped und newly paintvd.cf Cleuiiy, accowpa&ucd by a recommendation to mercy. -i.-\'^r i;..'.-iih;uji then s euteoced Criuimius to be hung on tne'JikJnof March fnett Friday/.Crisoraisr ia a email, ah. <ht~built Irishman, not yet 30 yzzm at a*;©. H e \*of <JOw', diipoeiaon, aad bearsthe reprtbtion « f an ord^rfy, w'<Hi-oi*f>o»ed and mvU'vwtiveKocaTfl -AX.>K.MBI,Y CONVENTION. Sixth Ward— Mi,;]ia.«l J. Ryan, Joiin O. Johnson.Seventh Ward—Win. Graven, Archibald Hall, D.L.I'ettoe, Henry Br«-mner, Thomas Ball, Thomas Murphy."material aid."Loud calls were here made for Horace Greeley, who came forward, and was received with cheers.to deliver him up, claiming that the case properly comes before the United States Marshal of New-Jersey. Among the parties who have been endeavoring to o a -Sweet, aged 4 years, s«n ol John A . and derena P . Appleton. The relatives and friends of the family ore hivited to attendthe funeral fiom the residence of his parents, No. 36 West Twenty-third street, on Wednesday morning at 11 o'clock.-citizen. Ha "i^« been iitteudel lately by the Catholicpneat who vt'tn the prison, and while he feels pri- D. K. Davix, J. VV.Mead, Morrix dauower. Frank Hurlbut.ask u s for assistance. Let us each do what w£ can to- Muiray street, a n d a m a n represented t o b e Capt.ward their relief. Leonard of the Twenty-sixth Precinct Polics. TheThe fnct that, they are engaged in a struggle for latter person, although resembling the Captain, mustwhattheybelievetobetheirrights,andforthegeneralrights ot Labor, strengthens their claim upon our sym- have diminished in size very materially since our re- pathies. They might procure an imtaa iiate alle viation porter lust saw bim, should he be the original. •ilinth l\>ard—E. Leoiaon, Hiram Burdett, Robert R. Car- paxei i" »ii*:t 4'onka toe paniehuaezit far heavier tiiuu he p^nter.demves. HeH*eert*'that heimr*ir.Intendedtokillihe d««*a*«d, *,;?*that having been aroused to a greatFifteenth S. XL'Jylei-D.Oliver,ThomasH.Dilks,JamoaKourth Ward,—Ca*per J.Steinhiemer. Sucth Ward.—Li-wi* Al. I'ecs.Xixt/t Ward.—Thoi'ias McOrain.'to work until he had terved his three years; to cut olfthe farmers andsailors whoworked twoorthreeis feasible, a tarred canvas may, at least, be stretched over the hole iu the bow of the Spray, and t h e waterdwellings were partially consumed, and several smallshantiesinthevicinityweredestroyed. Owingtothe Schr.J.M.Lane. ,Gloucester3days,fishtomaster.days, ana then tried to make shoes. They had a thor-Fourth Ward.—'£. 1*. Kellyf U«;nis Woods, Morris Friedsum, ough organization; " scab-committees" in every ward. partially cleared from her hold.Schr. Martin, Goldwaith, Port Ewen, coal for Saco. excitement, it was impossible to obtain auy definite Sloop William H . Bowen, Kallock, Providence 2 days, mdse.facts as to losses and insurance. The total loss13 o master.SKCO^O ASKKMBI.Y CONVKNTION. Hy. II. lluei.it, John Kelly, Louis Naumanu.He gave the meaning of the word " scab." It, meant THE PRISONER.the same among the shoemakers as the " rat" among Nothing of interest occurred yesterday in regard totheprinters,andthe"pettifogger"amongthelaw-yers. J\n amusing account was given of the method the prisoner Jackaloo, confined in the Jersey Cityemployedinconvertingobdurate"scabs" at,Lynn. prison. Duringthemoining severalpersons fromroughly estimated at $5,000.MAJtmnm.Walker ofthe above place. • California papers please copy.Sloop Mount Hope, Olivar, Taunton 2 days, mdw. to master.Steamer Kennebec, Hand, Philadelphia, mdse. and pass, to F . Perkins.SteamerNew-London,Smith,New-London,mdse.toE.H. Re ckwcll.SteamerPenguin,WDlisms,Providence,mdse.toIsaacOdelLlaw-abiding conduct of the strikers, Mr. Draper con- SixthWard—Aug.V.Meyers,Jos.Brearp. cludedwithanappealtotheaudiencefortheneededprisoner, as they alleged, for the purpose of taking himbefore Marshal Rynders. Recorder Bedford declined APPLETON— On Tueadayt March 27, of scarlet fever, JohnTenth Ward—John R . ward I. M«.-K««e.Thirteenth Ward—Aruaza.Lawrence, Hlogins.Charlea EKugler ,E d -Fourteenth War.d—C'co. 11. Appel, Thomas C. Kennedy, X >rmaa Cook.FlVTH AHHKMUI.Y CONVKNTION.'J'.ujhlh Ward—O. VV. Beekjuan, Wm. l'atterson, A . T . Riker,thousands of o u r countrymen are in waut, and theynamed ". Aid. Brady," keeper of a boarding-house infor a better, after a painful and protracted Illness, which lie bore with unexampled patience and resignauon, in full view ol" a bright and beautiful immortality beyond the grave.His tunerol will take place from the residence OLbis parents, No. 351 Sixth avenue, at 1 o'clock p. m., on Thursday, March 21). His friends and friends o f t h e family will please attend with- out further notice.Baltiniore, Washington, Mucou, and Savannah, Ga., papersplease copy.BOYNTON—At the rusidonce of the late Joshua Brookes, eaq.,Ward—iiaruesSIXTH ASSBMBLY CONVKNTION.patios he knew not whac he did. Tue condemned Tev'h Ward—Edward A. Franer, Ceorge Ciatqbfl, James W . of their sulfonngB; but they believe that by doing soJackaloo appears to be in the best of spirits, and con-verges freely, lie says that on Saturday morning,SAILED—Steamships De Soto, Havana andNew-Orleani> Now there were hardly twenty left in that neighbor- New-York, representing themselves as United States esq., of Auburn, Placer County, Col., to Miss Mary Melviuu Jamestown, Norfolk. 4tc.; ship Storm King, San Francisco; barksMr. GUEKLKY said: T h e state of fasts this eveningprenunted, renders our first duty a pfain one.' Some tain an interview with the prisoner was a fellow nick-Tclcjrrnph,were after him, whenhe again returned to Jersey City,Ninthi'.ard,—AsaBuiuuui,E.It.Phelps,S.B.Dutcher,Win. andworkmen,and.guarauteeiuglikepayforlikeser-andstartedoutintothecountry.AftergoingtoNew-Thefriendsofthefamilyareinvitedtoattendthefuneralut fromBostonfordo.JB. Uvrria.:, Tobias Lawrence, Jauje- W . Farr, C. E . Glldei- vice on ail hands. This seems to me a just and reason- ark, where ho remained over night, he started,to return No. 77 St. Murk's place, o;i Wednesday, 28th inst.CHARLESTON, March 27.—The steamship Marion, Po«ter, from New-York, arr. here at 7 o'clock this Tuesday morning.Willi/u.1 V'and-rvoort, Lewis Jones.Troy, N . Y., for interment. to Ookwoou Cemetery, at March 2(j.—Arr harK Anna, from Barcelona. NEW-ORLEANS, March 27.~Arr. ships Falmouth, from,able demaud. It is not right that one employer should Boston and California papers please copy. again,whenhewasarrestedattheHackensackBridge, BUTLER—On Tuesday,March 27,WalterOrmondeButler,ofSAVANNAH,March27.—ThesteamshipAlabama,fromN«w» exact, nor that one journeyman should receive, more as before stated. As to the murder of the captain and scarlet fever, agedz yeari and 10 montliB, only sou of James L- York, urr. at Tybee at 4, and at her whurl at 8i o'clock Tuesdaypayforhimilar work, performed under like circum- uasndnmMearratihwaiFn.tBakuetleprlu.ceat3p.in morning;allwell. f success they will .meet with iemainH to he seen. S-xenth U'ard.—J. Bujicxoft Stevens, Churles Piatt, Warren stances, than another. If a journeyman is unable or his brother, he said " Me no kill them—me too small." Hifsrofmuntehraelrwesiildl etnacke oplfubies aptar3enpt.s,inJ. on Wednesday, 28th inBt., Steamship R. R. Cuyler arr. at 1o'clock thisTuesday morning,»f making a personal application to the Governor, ElOHTH ASSSXBJ>Y DlSTKICT.KoMsielt,D*v-idBlair.John Cholwell. unwillingtodofirst-ciasswork, let himboemployedThe prisoner himself, alter the last refaa&t wascom- Fdwenth Ward— Simon Ha/.lvton, Wiilivn H . Frankford, on second, third, or fourth-claws, and paid accordingly.accompanied by Mr. Ogden, arrived at the City /Prison,cranicated to him by Sheriff Kelly, abandoned all Thirteenth Ward.—A. Crtf't, J. Y . Phillipo, Henry b. Jen- Nobody will contend that a pair of iirst-qualify custom and held a consultation with Chiof-of-Police Marinus. BARBOUR—In Brooklyn, on Tuesday morning, March 27, Boidoaux; China, from Fleetwood; Napoleon, WUlhuii Wirt,drewJ.Gdell.GeorgeH.Matiew*.,JohnHays,WilliamC. amination,andtheresultwonIdprobablybe-thatthe23dyearofbisuge. ndicott,in The relatives and friends are invited to attend the funeral from theresidenceofhismother,No.10Charlesstreet,onWednes-p. Was, Kogers, and so many other criminals have suf Mur-ball, Charles H. Cloven, David Sherwood, Duuiel W . circumstances, lramed and agreed upon by delegatesfei ied,isbeing putin order; theSheriff hassentout i'Li*'',FruntisDuncan. representingbothemployeraudjourneymen,is\aniu- TWKWTM A-XHJCMKI.Y GotlXKNTlOX. dispensable basis of harmony,' contentment and fair the Qfiaul number of tirkets of admission, and the Eleventh Ward.-A'AiMH-.* Curtis, Lewhi 11. VVf.tts, Philip dealing in any trade or handicraft'prosecuted byMreeBOSTON. March 27.—Arr. barks Gazelle, Porter, Marseillesa Orlsudo, Nickerson, BuenosAyres; SarahB.Hall, Crowther, Matunzus ; Bill iaut, Sigsbee, New-Orleans: Peter Clinton, Bra*,At1p.m.FirstDeputyM.S.Southardof Newark,lyn. Theremains will be tokenNo. 315Henrystreet, Brook- in5tihoursfromSandy Hook.Thomas, the boots Hiiould be made in a great and dear cit\? for the : months.o fThomas andLizziolnlant souship or village. But an established and uniform Scale States Commissioner for the purpose of holding an ex- ENDICOTT -On Monday, March.26', on the passage from Su- Garnet, from Savannah; Western Empire, OarnaUc and Mary-price of making sale-boots by the box in a rural town- Mr. Southard stated that ho would summon a Un ted ofPricesfortaskorpiece-workexecutedunfflerlikefrom Boston; Canova, from New-York; Robert Cusbman. a u iJackaloowouldbesenttoTrenton,toawaithistrial. Mr. Vroom being the only United States Commis-sionerinIIudconCounty, a messenger wassent inquest of him, b u t h e was absent a t Trenton.Scoenteenth Wurd—V><*r Cook, Jacob Tht'.'m, Gao. F. StuU- ble. It should rise or fall as work is abundant or no poison baa appeared to identify Jackaloo, alias Sam o'clock. His remuiiiH will he taken hy the 7 o'clock train New- Taylor, from Savannah.u Ccro M0: LT*,whTM'TMu%! - p^.r****«*« TMdo. in bach change an may be deemed just.HICKEY—Inthiscity,onMonday,March2o',WilliamHickey, aged 25 yours.gates from botu employers and journeymen, set before themthe'groundsonwhichsuchrevisionisdemanded, andask their concurrence in the change proposed; ordecidedtotelegraphtoMr.Vroom,askinghisattend- ance at 10 a. m. to-day, at which time the examination will probably be had.Broadway, Brooklyn, E . D .|he brain, Thomas ilutsey, Hied 2o' years.Jackaloo by another Chinaman immedhitely after theTlio relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invitedUntitled DocumentBECK—Samuel M. Beck, son of Lambert S. and Rebecca AnnBeck, aged 33 years, 3 months and 14 days, departed this life FORT LAFAYETTE, sunset, March 27.—Steamship SUrofNEWPORT, March 27.-Arr. schr. VendovU, Bray, of and fromllocklandforNew-York,iudistrots;shewas runintoatI Hisfriendsandthoseofthefamilyarereopectfullyinvitedto .o'clockthisa.m.be'.weenI'ointJudithaniBlockIslandbyart attend his funeral from No. 31 West 15th-st. on Wednesday at unknown schr., carrying away her bowspiit aud everythiuf at-Hinesburgh,Yt.Albert W.andfc>.Louise Bee, aged1year and10duys. J. Ilortou,from Quiucy forPhiladelphia; MarthaJane, Brown,day, 2flth inst., ut 2 p. ru.HADDEN—On Tuesday, March 27, of erysipelas of the head. don, Mobile; Growler, Watts, Mobile; brigs Lauretta, Hlggius,City of Washington.Liverpool..New-York^. .Havana, &c,about.March 30Ship Elolae (of Warren, R . I.), Thompson, Liverpool 47 days, mdse. t o Snow & Burgess. Febj 23, lat. 45, Ion. 33, took * heavy- gale frcm W . , and was compelled t o throw ovorboard a part o fBythe Went, from Havana and New-Orleans, and steamsnip Roa- noke, from Richmond, are coming up the bay. Wind fresh from. N. W . : weuther clear.SANDY HOOK, sunset, March 27.—Steamship D e Soto, for NewOrloansandHavana,passedoutovertheBarat1:45p.m. One bark and two brigs are passing out the Hook. Wind W ., light; weather clear.HIGHLANDS, suiiiet, March 27.—Steamship City of Wash- ington, from Liverpool, in the Oiling. No other vessels in sight. Wind light from N. W .; weather clear.A 2, and owned by Mr. Woodbury of Gloucester.•*lpp •Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 