 >:.:,r-5Biy. When the bill making appropria- r the Indian Department was taken up, Hr. Csnr, of Alabama, reviewed the question of the jnitailHion of Congress over the Territories, in aBut we do not want a mere multipU-cation of existing nuisances. We want no mezit of the kind, employing over eaehmkdfvd hMdaLf-•doubt that Fkamcis Joskph mustThe municipal'theousinstead of nursingWe escape. hope,;passing.r protected.billtoamendtheactreg-deal too much stresslaws of the United States,the fact that, the forces of tbe United States in repelling or pre- byan into the dbeUIUg inquiryThe Democratic State Convention is nowin aes- har-•pee^ of marked ability.puttravelingtobpV^ and on wares in process of msnoftctore, ia1a*i itThe arrival of thepublic ration.of Hr. OonuRl ITamtivt tf u cum mi J*rmt, with az-•f tostDW on BetntUe Aciieal. ia Tudoo* pwti offliHaauMarnotcUpped from an Albany paper. Theof Baltimore, and of the ila \n the Niagara, supplies us with particulars of fmtitfi news to the 1st inst. Our correspond-.^XDEB-so.-* vj.DuNN, thatConolental filea, give an adequate of tke acteal state of affairs.a. de- and Na- poLKON III. understood Italy well enough toknow that if Venice was to be ruledin the future as she had been in the past, thisour duties good intentions.To. that it concede, therefore,TSi billow's falls horl.tywteidAnaccordingly that Venetiarcanthe Bellows Fall aHotel, liiilliTtsi iiaeailKnfSAiL, and occupied Ar a poia^Mie ad iCityevery legislative body possesses as much judicial power as is neces-Ianti-Austriaawhich has made tbe an Atistrian Prince, or aCcBfcwloii oTlUias.and suggestsqnestioni*,'idiy Uttair interests shcgaid be more ef-willingwBidateatothe11th&omHavana. Itit tbe right ofinquiring in what manner civil warfix aor the means by which it is likely to be commit- away ted, under the pretence that such an inquiry is^Itkat tke Captain-General was about to «ffiee and ntnm to the Peninsula.byand so lives to settle. He manybroughtshould become aand that the Government of ttie Venetianis likely to l>e carried ontrepresentthe Indian warattioBWaa obtained, but no formal business trans-Nsw-OzLaun, Wedneeday,MaidU*..ayHiUedgville.organiza-Fbakcis Joseph to— aThe nomination of Hon. Hehbt W. Grii^, as ClnnoBUor of New-Jersey, has been confirmed by tti»awt> of that State. Thus after an interval pleThe was saved, bet two aea wiit building'at between the French and Austrian rul-ers, is sufficiently clear from the fact that and whatever bears the .American caniMto 'State Senate the Ull enabling members oftrade is carried on under the American flag, flagnot another country on the face of the earth Fxaa * Liwis and W. M. wherethepeoplewouldnotexactthem,or Itory,besidesthoseofseven!oOertiasia-*•{•#-of Bnj.D. DoeninaBti eon- Allluiee b«twe«ii;the of real only wayit act perpetrate. Ita editor probably knows that it waa against FowusfOf Senator Wad*., Ftnooal Pangiaphs, Litstar;the"five Assembly bills," theomnibus," orhave — frequentlyaaked without4eiati taaaeaddn<a,«10.lUaBTealac.'—i;sau Pai*! Oaboi—In axs OnXBKAns-^m Bmumb ar A Fe«i— BBLPHXaoa—Hoasooa IMWUHm IWamaia OiraAji «r SuxtaDiixa 91 Ln.Caiiati 'aMiauBna*overiooked in the estimates coimnonly made"'"-{iaaa and Benevolent Societies to voteFWWreported complete. The Bailroad ToU Napoliok, in vindicating his treaty with Aus-bythe citizens of another are which thingsbygkcUEOM^ and a motion to re-commit was VjiMwaaalaoanamendmentlimitingitsbe overhauled American cruisers, our Congress has no right to prohibit. If it be by''Of' :~T,g„- .mm.,:fromA miltion guns would be broughtmatter conrse. This is a of Par-Tliefrnm Ilaraoa with dates of the lltfa lust, sad UOO in specie, tier news is unimportantThe' tP three years.tionsasare the systematically practiced upon— rArss—raoK tccaiak, «rc.zepoited with several amendments."fternoon, the Personal Liberty biH was consider-involved.The whole ground taken by Mr. Scm.ver point of r«t)o/i/<i(m by the daring and corrupt Spanith mercbsnt, died <m the Wh.The Committee onof either Hotise to inform itself on the is wanted is not a multitude of gtms, but a Committee to examine and report follows as athe?^ JSf i^^'^ opposing it in a speech of much autonomy under a non-Italian sceptre, it isMngm. The andpossible might be now fully organized, and thatfast-sailing clippers,by cunning desperadoes, who rely entirely on of thefaction would be if must be a mistake here, or else our eyes the conteadhig parties In Mexico an aaiWlse ef theywas the evening session.ofdiscussion durin°g theentity «hta^V«Z^°/*'?^y '•»*.subjectave seen several months, to enable a MezlcaB Coagiaas to arraage mattecs.^"^ ^^-'^^VOOX, are three nentpuglUsUandfancymen, whohave roneto^^TJttSt Vipromi-of worse thanindication even of surprise, at anything«:*v!£S:?-I«TM"'""lf»«t aeold Police case, wereawarStog brought on forpower.Ifbothpartiesaresincereintheirde-is piracy, punishable with death,peopleanything;andthe Indians, the troops than votiatvQf distaeadw*.J of lateklayera waa held laat„ evening;ol Austriana statute making the Slave-trade piracy at thepresent day, does something towards promot- ject be willingpresumeDuringsailor on the 6th hutTliiii a TsiiMnili.deferential delicacy,the only motive wliich prompts him to oppose any swindle, however iiubmoas, is the fiict that he has not secured an interest in it :—Athn carriage of passengers in steamships ic, without involving all Europe in a mad, cha-lawftl bnainesa, all his rights, waa referred again to tiMCeamitteeon the Judiciary: with power to act.'ttx, WtlMHr, ftom the same Committee, reported hadad {Ftah irideh allows the existence of polygamy. King,:Con,ofHoustOB,ittheand Toid that law in Deeeret ments, alttJHBlaiiiignnll thethoroughlyquality subjects,for theloyaltyaoid anigaetiqg those ^Uty of tlie offence to a the capacity of their statesmen. The peace ofbe to enable it to necessaryfine of fStM^ and imprisonment for not less than twcrsor more -than four years. It was ordered toVillafranca was the recognition by Napoleon ofnecessity for France and Europeher existence.the number of American eitiiens who have en- maygaged in the trade since its passage, and who with efficiency and proprietyaU the travel that seeks a transit through them. chanic-street, owned andoccupied by Jakis H. * Q.be t^tUli,A rmming debate ensued on tbe qnes- 'ating $40,000 for the suppression of;itself onsaddiefy,dby pecuniary fonce. On nmMag ttia port he lafoimed the Mw«aa».6*a><4 60weight, for com hogs, and ecasjcrlai atill hoga.already gravely cofflptomlsed whea ne- treatyForeign Affairs, ia flat boUding op for hlmseUhence the present threatening antagonism of this branch of the controversy is not more ZrZ^ 1?^?** *TM^ •'"PP"' ^ "»" A»ie«bly,aBd •dmitableian qoestion. We pi^iiahof these doemnentB, in the fom of dbpttdm addiesMd to the Freaeh enroys at Bmno andtrack."to leeUto for the uttti forwhlehheaidiplomatic papenon the Ital- to^aj twoingthoaeenfagements fulfilled in a sense aire to possess it is, however, by nomeaas soOf course we needsay^^'^^V^-.were bis closed to the traders, the traffic would lose attempt- two-third* ofits value, because It is now theaefa Dowpendiag. BtUatffmi^which K. XHouymnL importance girescandor,We should be if very |^all theto it.Minister meant it should. In establishing thenot seek to substitute berself for Austria in Italy;know* alsothe veryfeeling permittingwotdd be no worse off prosecution of the investigationpossibleto its defeattheretoacon- sciousness on the part of that body, that it wastfnnua. The Third Congressional District eleeiei Me-and this concession un- likely fortunately iavolved the obligation of acceptingof CentralAlbany Susquehanna Railroad that the Italian Confederation^/^* whichleftPope, projectssuperflu- unprofitableGen. Cass will not allow bismon Lamar, or else anybodysuspected that looked like revolution,nothing scarcelyIt was rumored that tte ^ Captajn-Oeaanlaf5aS0l?«^2^c:er° same rapturous exultations of a delivered peo-ent. Itisas ofLaw's "executive joke, proofagain.weekly report of the Commissioners .jM^qmarstbat only 202 aliens haveit,expose-Tke H*e««rlBa'LIST 0» THB OmCBBS OH THI '•*"J°"'',^MoRaaai,, C. E., Wednesday, Mares^i*.li^e^iBbiDa tlw teada in support of tbe demand al-*»l<i«;f»»«day on and after the Id of was to win the confidence ofwere tosurpris-.e, tborth officer K«-- TAUfABon and otheraspoke. somewhat nnaettiedpeople. Nevertheless it iseipeeted,as things go, this was much tbe most have zens and worse still, leads British officers to ation of "judicial power," because the in- ing incidentNnrAar, Wednesdw^t-—atelection OiUf*]mnketwaspending acdon at Albenron Ik*overboard to avoidtrial asAmerican citi-the action of the Senate as an[ ^uid the.brther appropnattons of Missouripersencourage them in the practice, thus securingdenoimceusurp-yee- aby telegraphic advices from promised,But thisrecognitionthe word of an Austrian Emperor as the guar- antee of a radical change in the Austrianpowervent abuses, and compel some regard to pub- los>. $20,000. Total insurance, $14,000—principallrwas an ofthe simply adjournmentup, shuttingandanumberofFATAL IXFLOSIOV AT TEI BT. CHAXX4I UMgrave ques- y«ld the Government troops disbanded. tions which France had spent so much treasurebuildings adjotalng. Lorn, VtiyJNkTocstauDemocratic Convention was inGerman State of Loxemburg is ,under tbe ;,(».»( Serenth-avenua Bailioad biU; Crown of Holland. Had Feamcis Joseph atrightl^;i?]t|afea •v fioin theAssembly reportedVHw acieed to tbeto- IS. This decision was proceeded upon understandingderive their from the people themselves.NitOeuiaics, Wednesday,Uarch 14.a Tcnual to leeonaider.m frvonUe to the bill relative toaimygiveiaidFViifldfiigB,and tbe bills giving the Mayornaa of New-Tork control over Corporatlbn theas Gen. Cass remarks, is a large number mally affirmed byreport by once to act thisUntil theus some security against theseBeportaques- been for- Federal tribunal,affairs into their own and in Metropolitan Ice Company. The Tax Levy was his own Italian dominions, given to the exiledle of andintoxicating liquors, incorporating theprincesItalya model of Italianrather deeply by the hand.Austria the uponscraples. community wiU be more astonished to hear of the defeatThe following is a correct list °f^""iOteBailways. New-TorkCentralOther descriptions com- peace ofTSb&anca. But the Kaiser has notvestigation touched upon the manner of perpe-The worstof the times is thestolid in-suited h. favorTW^ "" ^' ^'^'^^—l^'andthat this; <"strictlyprovince peo-dollar actuaUy invested in the road.roads which shall be compelled to lay tracksHotel Are to gas-works exploded to-day, settlsgtria, declared openly that Venetia was to beunder the Austrian Crown what the preciselyonlysquadronisentirelytoosmalltobeefficientor concededthatit maylegislateagainstthem,Wemultitude of qbips.of no use, unless they could beto bear on tbe slavers. What is wanted, tioned, and which has once, least,would submit to such extortions and imposi-bad he withdrawn the maaa of hisof liamentaryprinciple law which has never beenlature canAbuses, let them give us nocharters.•14Br CaAUisTov, Wednesday, Harah 14.relieved thesiorts of martial law, surrendered their muni-Venetia,peopleoppres-atlenM^ikeadopted in a few^qglot "Thi rrTimiaaBli„ ____eorwa ;4M stoBoflbetrataiMdUBetaBeaMiiMk^ef tti I*-OM ia atL. atla aartiw.tt'adwnalowofsaleatlowprices. Vealcalves desiredtoTetambyforoetoUi anltbaOtaad hercontract,andputastopbyremonstrance, an officer at once, as he wished to surrender baviacallfteun- •latanralranpplyand good than usual atStates,Toacany, before adoptlog a rcaolotlaa wUek if remonstrance is sufficient, and if not, by himself membeia. flb9demand chngcd. SheepareinbettersupplyDuke ofthahiterestsofhiMHousepressedUrnto wltk- adoptprices demand cleared out theexplains the actnal sttl-enormitymajorityofof ViUatrancatade of the French GoTemmentboth to Kaiser and to Pope, with a mostpeace;from the present perplexity of Italian afiaira wtticb is open to Europe and to tbem-upon Holyd|kne sort of responsibility for the existing im-escapeof tha ItiUaa QomiIob.to tta Ladet'AnooU- selTes.So far as Austria is concerned, H. Tbou- viinL has rery gracefully contrived to throw upon that Power a most onerous responsibilityIt seems to us that some of the Bepoblicansbroglio of its own affairs, and in like manner in the Senate are endeavoring to make a therefore, is more natural than that be should nia. HewaaaireetedandtalUBlMfoiaiea Cmnnt Topic*.of Um procoodingi of Qw San&te for tbe existing dead-lock in tbe conncils of to the whole ofwhetlierhebelieves &emto haveanyexist-enceornot. SofarastheTnosisconcerned,it has never had a penny's interest either in when any notice i* taken ofI-WMkl7 Baeord of latslUgence, For-any of her obligations, express or implied. And purpose. Mr. Stnotza lias opposed tiis com-and then discharged Um. TUeiattfa in wiiicb these case* are tanal^L^^.teatfithe a but cour-Contiaent,by logical,teous demonstration that thecis JossFH, Iraund himself at ViUairanca to aEmperor,ba kad at the coonter, In wrappen- course of conduct in Venetia which he hastB^arj|'4Bd1(iiatflaiMo<u Nawa._ IUItnr«,IUniafaaaiid I>ea11ii,«canswer he was in theLegislature :quotedfroma crime.; aobsoriptton price not since so much as pretended to foUow. Tiiis consideration, which has been too muchHarper's Ferry riothas nothing to tell which is not already wellof the movement of duringaffairs the last six months, certainly desarresnotNow we knowEuropeanpossess.thinit We do not believe a of solitary persondfki itft'l 'more than the FrenchBut itaccountability intenselymatteristoconstitute berselfasanintermedi- ItalyenligiitMi as aprovesof Austria for tbeate party—aa a kind of neutral ground, henceforth knownpassage of that bin as a work of downright subject We Iiear almoatHad for tbe arms of France to car-while it indicates the Slave-trade, positionbothmonths of patience under perpetual vexations, and of faith in the face of repeated disappoint-years ago,is,somethingtne necessitiesof the case supplied bythis rail-Hovnx Chairman^a stern;power We needtried the of his newofmode—defectroads,are behind the times. You cannot crowdand it was the concession to Italy of the control ofagree " Italian "" awhich such men as Mr. Scmseb should beThe cotmected with tbe Bt Otaades gasometer<^tand the avatarof tbe steamdilpfluV"^- ThMor.»A«lJla»n,«^,^,heart of Venicejustice and Imperial LiberalUm must havebeen sudden and splendid indeed,Wethe whole New-Yorkwhosailedonthe last voyage Mr. Haidie, fiiat officer;from thethat Napoleon III. must have ava&r should (bUow;thtoi>ason,butaUvelypens at an advance of about 2Sc.Spring lambs have come in, and have sold at 13 proclaioMd depoaition. The general sttnatlaa. In the Weat Indies into theV commandbetterprices;a vrord, was»»« (Otlatloiu for tbe slgnaton of thagreatestof pease in the woiid. It is notorious that if Cubahead. Afew head. Live hogs are B«irce aitdoutdelay,waitedaokegthataaAsaemblymet.aal Us^ruptionwhichhasconvertedthefinestislandinserenelyiFean-answer—what tbt authodtyAustriaeasily prevent levyingtostandandstroyingwhich quite beyond;V^were opened at Zoricb." Hencethefailureoftbesettlementpassage-money.rajieonaaad imjBit: ifMm,tewnmm,( Miw-,T flaws.Tnm, pablished Thm Houns, the public ^oplnioa of tbe world, bj bis franca with as Anatzia which insiats upon see- this country on the subject of Cuba. Onr ds- their being ksooked off theFraBce,AaatriaaaAItalr.M. Tboittxxii., tbe SBW Pieneh Minister of have since overtaken theThe BaUroaa Bwladlle. Judging by the TVttm* and Tuns ofnot uAMwratiaaredatZurich hencetha ;whichofgroes can be sold ia maricet overtly. ThattUp&omotteriy inconalsteiitwUh their original meaning«aytitatdealre that we ahookl not poaaess it, and her tacit aeqaiescence in tiie the treaty of Villafranca waste paper. abominable lyatem which noiUfieB tier own France only asks that all Europe may treaties and give* the Slave-^rade its main views, with aingnlar deamess and moderation, recognize this fact, and so suffer tbe Em- sappott, is no doubt due to the desire to leaveto nUBetbtby a eeiMn.ate—w towa*aotvalU<br»piriitPi.l --^'»^*and In which M. TnoirmnL re- the coone of erenta since the slgnatare of thepeculiar to the capital, is characteristicof itat Yienna;arrested, tried,sent to State PiiaoauIt appears, then, thaT punishment ofrecorded the foct that a naaTBDTH naattljIlMwitawiodled a ooaple of Am^Umb m| 4Cand Aaatria heraelf has madegraphpurportNapolxor to with abandon,pecuniaryreason forwhich a Legialatoremayseefit tounder- which cannot with honor t>e carried out M. TBOtrvENEL's commentary upon the eon- duct of the Court of Bome is almost identical with bis diplomatic criticism upon the policy ofAustria. Hefastens the Seetheperor takingshonor,iaspect renderingand theby thi* time, that HtattWood to discharge Um?' ;inaccessible to the action, alteraately predomlnatlag and always precarious, of one or other of the two Powers.";thehad never been summoned at all.The tmivetsal conviction is, thateach and every Senator who voted for it was eitherpaidforhisvoteinmoneyortheprom- someoftheir ise of stock, or was somecountry Prince favored by Austria, to rule in Italy, by In this frank abandonment before the whirie the furtherthan if he So that ifnotion ofHere is indeed the"of the situation."victims,gorge. Bnt we should like to 1keyofand tha prospects of France were concerned, Italians themselves. This re^ionsibility it is, crime, the Senate is precluded fromrepresented byany title whatever, absolutely intolerable to world of the of " policythe Italian mind, M. Teoctemcl reveals, more clearly than ever, the one fatal weak point ofwere on the opposedof its we futility,friend in the list of who wiU see that grantees,ialternating preponder- ance," M. TBOtrvENEL has thrown upon Austriagroundthink the objection would be one at least worthhe is rewarded, or that he sold his vote in ex-ctiange for a vote on some other question inwtiichbeisinterested. Alltheexplanations withpunislmientandthus" "the moralcomplications Italian question ;only placein which acargoimported ne-,.uie edltoia of flioseyesteiday, pmperi must have been «Mt*iieep•to, la oBillilmlMd pniaaaaliai «f .Orim, 101. tag It nader martial Uw wi^t' a laisenOitazy force, aUowa it to be made a mar-LIT »«Hht OaiMi pr ttMeif «a4 Hf^iMDb* : aim S,7»T focaswhleh'UeBatater had ia Hhr. The Boty ket for an Uie slave* — „..0 mote than laat See, thoagh ahowlaa UmU iiiwielac iui«"iHapniert—--r.>a«aialH^toleea: tbe better demand for defialtety tbe xeaUsaUon of tta tnalaas. T%a Aoa- with Great Britain, and fortified,u....blrtABr» to take about all the eat- trtaa Oovenment mafistaiaed ifi—re cm die gmmttua consideration. It UtS»«Si(M, tfmnfa there was an eicesaof 400 head hrteaUoa* manUteted to the Emperor wta ngni to unquestionaMy the duty of Captain of the circumstances under wUeh heowOlBjtetedfcgWBek. MUcheowsare adnn the ODvaramcnt of TenatJa. Tha Dnke of Modow (he British Mintetry to keep her to <}ie letter of bad come home, and requested him to send for c«ito«ar49*that ever reaehBiarket,beefcattle tofollDwearrimawli,thonghtrigbttoadjouaim- violationofengagemenUsolemnlyenterediato tbe and evidenceofliia.'af- ateratediornoeaanrea more cogent, to the perfidy and cor-WaMMan* tbe poeitioB of tbe French QoTemment with any fiutber regard totbe engagementa of VUla- known delicacy of the relation* of Spain and IhlTf!""^^^""*'*" >«d large interests Im took hi* d^artoaa ia moat enTiaU* and repataUoa,•trengttteningallItaly,which holds •otneyf^edtogetieaU in the omnlbiu.' By4he herself absolved from dwelt on la due no doubt to tbe well eri«of the wounded, we find out who U hit Th.asgreat England'sSpain aa many reasons as possible for holding oo tightly to her jewel, and cause her as littie discomfort as possible in retaining itPower of the Semate to BzaiaUi* Wit-isview of the subject wWob UportingBut theent, is based on tbe theory that it is, from be-ginning to end, illegal ; that because tbe thingfaar Bnadwaj—X»bil or Euta a master-stroke of policy, so far as tbe position development of tbe Italian question by the in regard to wiiicb information is sought, is a this Impression. It is all very well to say that the Mayor, or any other magMrato^'Oiai toBtTifilTtT ^-miT-TTrerFiunasss.Xa. W—WamaoK'a Faaa SxuaaT',ltE^«rS OF THE DAY.t pteaented to tbe Senate yesterday,the manabctarers of I by leadingaakisgthab the tariff law might be soany examination whatever.Whenit is considered, however, thattitis John Brown conspiracy or invasion has con-therewerenineteenSenatorsto the not votetbearrangements proposed byNjlpoleon atcoinpcBed money? Tet what rifH/tjSff—TaaMMmaam*Oa.*!Mausaan. Tillafranca. Thatthe ofYiUairaneawaa peaceandpretestetionsintheworldwillnotremove fundtheirstolen!•-%-is now too generally admitted for us to need to do more than miUie the statement by way ofwe believe, in the last that degreeimprobablemaking otbeia— believes a word of it If nobodyinstrument for extorting money? Wlij naf not tlileves, bm^aia and ettier i«bb«a4«reserve. Korneed'wedwellbenefits which have accrued toway of reputation abroad and of conscious strength at home, from the long probation through which her people have, since that sud- den termination of the war, beenit been rytbeItaliantricolorintriumphtotbeAdriat-Assembly bills," whycouldupontheimmensetheytreated in the same not way? WbgrItalyin thevulsed the Union to its centre, that adisgorge,"aadtbearesponsibilityin the interest of a purely dynastic ambition, should she attempt to interfere with the furtherconsidering.oppositionit,pres-Power will venture in this to assume.of the worldopposedanyage" fivethemdown? Whereis the necessityofsuch themto" a roimdabout process as this ? Can a majorityconvulsing EuropetoatOar Goveromeat and the Slave-Trade. Gen. Cass' note, addressed to the late Secre-tary of Foreign Affairs in England, on the it waa the result of a plot on the part of an-large portion, oftbeAmericanGovernmentandoftheAmeri- ledged•nlaflif:wAt&tK T—aelu, waa reported byKr. Batabd, otic war, Italy would hardly have been to-daytrtib'IDlMImmediateaction,onthegroundthat sonearthemorningofherlastingindependence piracy,punishablewithdeath.ttaJaeency and morality of tbe country were in- as she now is. The acclamations which hailed In tbe present stage of discussion on this that Congress st^ould legislate on the subject vote for it. But if they wish thisgates to-dayiJaaJ gome weremadetoconsider- . objectionssubject,thisisafactwhichcontributestoanyextenttheConstitutionwillpermitandthe exigency may demand. It has, in fact, been actually proposed that an act should beimpression to become general, they must not pass four or five other<bills just as obnoxious in their lead-features, andother parties.This City needs more railroads.OAiaB.CoHcoBD, N. H., Wednesday, Mareh M.Returns from 186 towns give Goodwim 3^557the victorious Sovereigns of France and Sar- tiOBa to present, but later in the day it was dinia, when they entered the capital of Lom-the heels of thepopular heart as the shouts of the same citywere, but a month ago, when they welcomed thelegislation necessary peaceful advent of Victoe EjiincEL, after to soanntee a citizen going into another State uponthevery difficulty- Congress making negro-stealingaIbc A« bill at that time, by Senators who had peti-little to asolution of theOn taking up ihejrtaHlw for a regiment of mounted volunteers forsatisfactory The Act of; yet 6«a»-uponCharlntonengagingfrom the firstt)M aaModment of Hr. Wigfall, making appTo- pressor, were not so hopeful a voice from the crime, is now, as we aU know, simply an passed to enable the Government to use the in this, that the plimder goes into tbe bands of vis'a majority will reach atwut 9,000.pupndMilitary Academybill\bardy upontlyingAustrianop-ingdifferingonlyCiT«, 29,416. Forty towns to hev from.tfca tllnct of the frontier of Texas, wasInr a iHNe of 27 to 19. In the House the resolutionornament to the Statute-book. As an evidence Federal forces to repel such attempts as thatof the United which ended so tragically at Harper's Ferry. Now if it be conceded that a bill may be intro-GXOEGIA DEXOCKATIC STATl COHTDTIor. MiuacexnuB, Wednesday, Kareh 14.adoptedof what theStates thought about man-stealing forty or fiftypublicopinionOur meansof locomotion are sadly inadequate to sion here.duced into the Senate for such a purpose, wil' of; but it is at the it be seriously contended that the Senate present moment neither an expression of the may not, before passing such a bill, col-—and streetForty mony prevails.counties annniepiaeentad.itall bedoubt,that weand public sentiment of the entire country, norno proudmaylect in thea terror to evil-doers. Great as has been ing witnesses as much infonnation aslegislatemust betemporaryotherand when it is acknow- that there is no Federal law in exist-^munity.it is neither dignified nor sensible to set up its It is acknowledged, and was formally de- more Charters which shalland but little of it saved. TMt was a nntahHih laicathan ever. Under such circumstances, peril the very existence of the Government ? existence as a proof of our hostility to the cided by the Supreme Court in the case oftraffic. What has recently occurred in Geor-and South Carolina, with to the gia regardnot beenMftik. with ample extracts from our English and policy. Venice, having conquered by Wanderer, deprives it of all value as evidence sary to enable it to discharge its legislative lic convenience and topre- and vslued at about $S,000—insured for $2,000. Total We in New-York offices.representation iSmauraf Ae West arrived at New-Orleansofter, we must get rid at once of the idea that inallowing the act of Congress to stand unre-repealed we discharge any portion of our re-sponsibility. Our task, whatever it may be, isthe Franco-Italian arms, must remainprivate rights.pendency upon the Austrian Empireto something preventBziiowBA serious fire occurred here this morning; de-;Faus, Tt., Wednesday, March 14.properly. Ifwereallymeantodoourdutyinthismat- maylegislateagainstcivilwar,andyetrefusewanting that their roads cost six times as much asas onerous as if the statute did notand in controversies with either England orjustexist;it will avail usmain reliance must be on an instrument whichis mereSpain,nothingto cite it. Ourjudicial act,"trifling,sophismofWe wantliners to watchmannedMr. IIale isPro-Slaveryas untenable as tliat schemes contemplated a—t Albany." Therejust It wasreportedthatLofdKanu,badLvery well, wellSenate common sense and common'-^^and that if be were suffered to return home to-morrow with the honors of a triumph,iaOjcompulsion is exercised. If Omjiam nutted an fllegal act why are &er aotifor it according to law? Are thQf fla«iM|HI(llarge por- tion of the population entertain the notion thatin it is venting such an armed invasion, it willto ttiean infamous swindle, and that its enactment pledged, but anderstood to be in favor ofcompeting railroads, moreover, to FsAui, silver-platers and manufiu;tnren of correct the abuses practiced by existing roads hardware, were totally destroyed by fire, tbgetter , as recommended by the Secretary her own destinies in the most critical hour of place under it ; and any such consummation is within the sphere of its authority is wanting upon the rights and the patience of the com- with a good stock of finished and unfinished work. A large amount wu packed up ready fo^ sUpaoat,are now engaged in it, no conviction has takenat the present moment more difficult and less when it comes to deal with crimes which im-ofenlighteningordinary —bysiunmon-MAKUrACTOBT AT HXWAKE, M. f. NiTAUi, Wednesday, Maroh .14.to empower it to af- punishment to a crime, and yet refuse to permit it to investigate the nature of the crime,EzBAthem printingoffice,andforseveralotkerpeipeaik;the Government hasradically reformed, brought and that is the Navy. But.the correspondence att's examination and imprisonment for to furnish seats for all who pay fare, and cars MAHUTACTOBIXa DBTBOTSD—UMB 4ashamed. Thecif fifteen monttu, the Court of Chancery, with an into harmony with the spirit of the times. which we recently published from the coast of contempt for refusing to answer, can be for aU who wish to ride. There is nothing un-should be and iqaMp^ arrearage of business, will resume oper- That this was the understanding arrivedhappilywhollyhands,onlywhich will not impede ordinary carriage travelin itsAfrica, proves that inasmuch as most of thewayinwhicheven useful.keep eighty guns or more onthethe coast in pursuance of the treaty, but what subject in tbe usual mode, by appointing aHy-shown to be illegal, is by first showing that con- spiracies for the armed invasion of one Statethecipal hands, then, of steam gunboats, with one or two guns each, in a case in which politics were in no way A Slight Mistake. The Erenmg Post say* •h»t loBf F>?:^$v, mate of the b*>fc Aeryto patrol the coast. It is ridiculous, and worse than ridiculous, to send frigates andtliat " our has been driven nearly to the of Bath, He., was killed oa board tt* Cityandtheir heels, and never on their prowess for .denied the right of tbe Senate to sum- have been under an eclipse. We h—to slumber in the lastae« t&e prue fight between Hksai, and HyI^, martyrdom in solitude at tlie Vatican, might a dispatch, but will force it on the attention of Slave-trade, to state what he knew about the that has been done or threatened at our State ment.-IsOeForrest divorcenowbeanItalian Diet with his be- means in his theBritishGovernmentbyeveryIt is possi-Gkoeoe Law's wholesaleYucatan dales of the Id Inst ar* i newsIs unimportant TheCrsreraarhadcase. JusticeMoncajijblessingnign presence on the Capitol hUl.coupiTar^entthe Refereewouldstartieour—isuggestionparagraphof complicity in the re-openinfofhad tendered his restgnatloB tto tlwing;0^^=^ T"ew"e Bleed" • "•"'••*•the ship as a prize for themselves, under pre-_^nt.,and Uissourisclosed immedi»tely upon the publication of the tense of humanitytothecrew. Whenthey commendtotheirconsideration.peoplemuch feeUng *zlTbe New-Jmser CThaanainaiJilp--\newinExchange. In AmaDetent of" abjured right—We mentionedpart seems to be taken for{uy Loan, Money ruled,graat^ that publicoffi-cosriBXATioa or snaL iftoar w.,Ljatea, but with a fair de-archs to break Aeir word"by the grace oflegitimate" mon-Homcrna.she has of coiu-se to be handed over to a or two since tbe airival and commitment cer* wiU be corrupt and no extent of corrup-what it was intended to inasmuch they not abolish, mightbecompelledtoAssembly,thantheyMr. Porter, thirdboard a slaver carrying tbe American flag, if she keeps it flying and exhibits American pa-tion on tiieof their It reinesentatives.ofthe any wholematterbeforeaCommittee. Because capital.ifble, also, on the other hand, that the sovereign sire to suppress a traffic which each professes would the Senate, if more legislation were we have never heard it seriously canvassed,of Sardinia and be Lombardy might to-daystiU made the occasion of lessKeyMttrf Sti^lu, froB New-York;in' ipalkotaieoU, ar- rived there on the eth Inat is aiatnas, bat tbai sbe wouldsoonlMlBrsadliieaBtodepartthe"'' "" "''^^'^^ - lifted in the Piazza ot San Marco upon the only plainly efficient means of putting an end to from all inquiry into the subject from those who citem— generally spokenof ple whichJfcmf the week ; $1,216 were received story of the last forty years has been writtenJ^—. •.4ttheHanin near-—^— Seventh-street, Xhiid-avenue,about him at Milan. Tbethewithout tical, hard-headed, matter-of-fact men, overtatien, and the baUnee of the fand inpointsproprietythe oacera ^^^^""^surgedasofto abhor, their persistent refusal to adoptthought necessary to suppress it, be precludedany special ofasathem to than graver imputationsdiscussed in Gen. Cass'letter goes to prove that the very existence of such an inquiry ?willthat of laxity in the discharge of their duty.One of theduced,withor inWould those most compe-pers, dayOod." He evldaai^ k^ed upon the peace of an American cruiser, and t>e sent home tor of Capt Maixxtt, of the ship John Cornell, tion however extreme—excites any astonish-*»slave-trading— ex- good ability,'"— your plain, prac-know most about it ? Could a bill to make its prevention or detection more sure be intro-good faith,tent to furnish useful infomaation on the sub-to furnish it ?Ifof tiie bin in tbeany Italian as it leads captured slavers to throw their pa- swer? Would the Bepublicans in such a case here of its passage in the Senate. Of the two,Mr-trating a foul crime ? These are questions wesigndifference of thegreatmass of ourtomajority. '^L'^/iSTA CoKSCtEBTiorfsgb*b- Taanca. It, *, iTateaedsy, Man* l«-heavy.; ijainr md Vniafranca'aa a of aeee&d of lu ChanceUor. n* ^prtatoent ls tbe feven years.~waa'in fiir de- movements>;&. i—a >vT-T * vji;sort peace Carapo trial. But if she throws both and for having shot hi* mate while iatiie Pacific. meat or arouses any a])eeial indignation. overboard,Foimlo, to be'aeeeptai iftsan iiicidwit of mili- surrenders without a nationality, she becomes It was stated that he waa sent home by tbe any commimity iatj and jnstiy sensitive to the Ilealh >r A*a> laewto O- !«** *were tary history, aad not at aBw.MiiiaVKlaalon of of course a lawful prize. United States Consul at Acapuleo: but ia misconduct at their rulers, every man who taoaaBniA, Wediaiday, Msn* l^ atten- one great pollUcal en and 4iiPii|pte^^ ca- Qen. Cass strongly, but justly orfes, how- point «f £KtthBCoaaiii only took thp deposi- voted in theJMple for tiie inliwnous Law biU Hqa. I4nn| O. Uns, died thia moiaing- 9»Untitled Document;tofive cents fare, com- byhighest—Mercury's correspondent,StHavana, aifa 1athat theevery other subjectthey refused, attend and an-.. ««°P"J.-^_ ^U,inwiiaMaeaacalBa(ldn,«Bd eame on, fauiftli•• three of:notUng, (60,byseUingthembogastlriknlaj, defends France from the charge of infidelity to martyr of Mr. Tbaooius Htatt to very littie impute such motives to others for effect Wood, who compelled IiiiB to leftad ttolthe sum of the Napoleonic intentions in regardmittal to prison for refusing to answer, en thestitutional, and that in to attend to refusingqoestion Italy,powervigor-emphatic words :' Italy for centuries past has beea a field open t»Ihe struggle between French and Austrian Influence : It most be so no linger. If one of the two Powers formerly rivals made a lacrlfiee which should be di- rectly to the advantage of the other"any other bill pending in either branch of the—and the insinuationt^e Albany ^per is simply a piece of imper- TBinBtinence.What we have said of thewhat ninety-nine men out of every hundred moneyf If he had, what; If the suprem- acy la Italy, only changing hands, was again to be sors for a time, the question vrould appear under an all discussion idle and fruitless. But tbe question is not so propounded. France doespowerKnot,*is mostexercised in summon-ground titat-theously put by the French Minister in these ing him before the Senate at all was imcon-Mr. Stnona al- alleged conspiracyto bean exercise ofwhich, imder the Constitution, the Senate doescompoundIfhy ttial forthewMch resulted in theput upon FowLXBwas? Either he tMdlegesinquiryright into the— "judicial power"of the Bajiroad bill through the Senate, is simplyapassageoffence, or he bad not.Mayor Wood to compel him to idepoaitiOBailbefor triaL Canthere t>e any*trong8r evidenceofinsanitythansuchextraordinary haverepeatadllf conscientiousness as ttds ? If he is to be Imng, loading their party wlfhj^slave-market the Government ought at any rate to refund bility, in penattUagA*The newqiaper fix»m which itU can clippedoonoeive of none but aobjecting to any eitlieT blanch of thetheything pellingpassengersshowingtheoretical statesmen and men ofsuperiorityof ainto theWe want restrictions which shallUds para- present*,if notcan be foundinthisCity,whodoesnotlookuponthe iatbelawwouldbriber!/.mnd aiM sharpers, have been airestodtbe object of passing the bill wis to kill some tamper with the law, and use itaaenty m'VmNEWS BYTELEGRiM^ PeUdes'.aoRiMAaTtAnBaueA-CBtoa Bauihoi*, lid., Wednesday, IbeaKMi'.certainly not appear at all unreasonable woulddisgraceanddegradethosewhoshould TheteselatlanapassedfavorDooslas. nw-HAxrsHiBa XLCcnoa—^LAxai axpuauoaaof theonly by passingThe bin, it win be seen, has been kiUed inthe Assembly. We are more thancan Navy vriih regard to the traflSc, lays a great ence to authorize the Executive to use tbe l>eUeve that owes itSenatedefeat anone still more obnoxious fobnoxious measuresimple reason that stagesstages enough into the streets to accommodate At midnight, last night, the buildings in He-officers from swear- be built for. We want some-fromrobbing them, in order that stockholders may divide /(wZ^/ or fifty per cent, profit upon everylightair,poisoningw^hile;Areasonable in these requiremente, and there is of Cost A BAnmros, esnlsg*FieiiHavaea.people of this City by mammoth corpo- MCBDCB OF AK AHKBICAH SAILOB MIXTOAX AJT-rations whichtopower oppressLegis- more Railroadsteamer */ar H^f»/ has arrived baiB (/^Aecouldthemostpalpableproofsofbriberyandcorrup- Secharter,ordinaryF«tyUnaelwlai«We«*|-dsiL—HsKKT W. Oaan was toJay confinn""ticket-swindleis,(Imtawa/iii^Insurance on ready-made stock vahtsd atthemonopolizing corpo- $6,000—insured, $12,000. The bnlidlngs wen eM,bnildisg. burned to death.fire hereto<lay destroyedthe iMii rbvter;.ootala, aja., rd<l*y.|FLonavr, eautiiia «lry, iiamess and Ittidware Inulnass.iWest advices o( the lOth that the bdc latL. aar«mil/llt dSsdiattattMBt' v^?^vi^:Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 