 observed the r.tj,, and looked with mash apparent intorent at the publ'c buildings pointed out toy General Cass. His Royal HI***** «*H*urri>r At the Whi** House the royal party were intreduoed toFkblic bAisp'taiitgVDDR£S3B Y TtUa***?&2*&Mr. HUlMia*Harriet Lane Under thecentum boxes, and about fifty other -seats, contiguous to these bfees, will be reservel for invited guests of dis- tinctioB| The foyer will be splendidly decorated on this i occssicn, and used as a place of promenade between tho SC»B. tte choice of toe opera is !eftto Lord Renfrew, | who w « to have bean at PiUaburg on Saturday, wo be- lieTM- ' .. . J 'U&JV 21 29 MO 418Dor?, Pfmwylv«iii«.grVtlfr to* roMi simple and redoed tasta. TLe^tower the Couaetl ought^^s»<*narposo;ho had to r?in favor of tne Council, as ai^n'urouktnot go down artthtlto ah wanted to tSsonldor the ra-Banqnet.President's desire to havethepartyexposedanlittleanpossible to curious and annoying loupe ition.Too much importance cannot be attached to this visit,cf the Tickets, Choia of Seats, andAcademy—The OpefO* Selected by ITU Ratfk ;Hi0««#i »<fc.,«ee. , i \ l . iThe lTince-will arrive in Philadelphia, from Washing- ton, on Tuesday evening next. There ban been no plsmj red to the Committee on Special and Local Taxes.. A communication was received from Dr. Turner, Secre- taryof tbe Inebriate Asylum,settingforththattheEt- cise Commissioners had la hand 813,000 ap jliTaWe to the funds of tbe asylum ehich they bad not paid over, sad ; arkirg tbe action of tbe Board thereon. Referred to thet© *>avo the hotel, thousands of people had congregated to get a g' impse of him, a large proportion of whom were iadiee.•D t r-cvertation the Prince and Duke of Newcastle eirrveed themselves highly grutiiled with their Ttstt tosubject, his nativity being before the treaty of peace, andtended to oive the Prince a dinner or a ball,feur i*auttfisl tray*, the property of an enthusiastic - sbman. The pmty, eons oting of the Prince, Mtyor .•peer the Duke ui Newcastle and Lord Lyons, drove tt ijj%b rent street, on the baaksof the Susquehanna, to i;•e (. pool, followed by other carriages containing the •r.'ttee. 11 ey alighted at the Cap.Ui,and paid a visiti„ itjt- i ov- ro.ir in I.la pi vate apartments.• o\ercor Packer addressed the Prince as follows:— Uim. Radrssw—It affords me infinite pleasure to we!-oiue yo;r Lordship to the capital of the Commonwealthti PecBsyirania, one of the oW thirteen colo-•ie«u.atoriginallyacknowledgedallegiancetothecro«D uf Great Britain, and, notwithstanding that -seeing Washington in his own way. The characteristic gcod taste of the President and Miss Lane exercises an iniluence over our whole society, and the quiet dignity of the Executive mansion will! pervade all the other ar- rangements for the Prince's entertainment during his too brief sojourn at the federal capital.Besides the two state dinners or the President, on Wednesday aad Thursday, and the banquet at the Britnsh Embassy on Friday, the only opportunity which theI Prince can avail himself of to meet the best company in Washington will be the evening party on Thursday, for which Miss lane has issued cards of invita- tion. The same admirable tact and sawir riire whichf the New York company: and the selciws of theopera or operas to be performed, as well as M e artistat, was left entirely to the taste of the dtstlngnlftea guQU. The following gentlemen comprise theromr&itteeof one hundred to whom the credit 3 due ot bavin- wbperiy re- presented the city in this delicate matter, the names of many of our tesdinu citizens will be found'lb the list; although it is worthy of remark, as an evidence of thelength, t may not appear to ^ •'»'""» f aeaftlry cheered. Orris*- the rite the rrfoce attentive!:, others, owing Wthe great distance of U"<» i-iaoe citog *a*r w>th theitsyor of the a j y and tho P^aaJdamtof ttto 1iwpclon being entcriainea of a ap«c:stiva F^poee, this bod-, -hill constitute a comtdittee to r^enentatommklvB City HaBams ov ran Rtiisfltsn.—The feud betseen tooBrooklyn City Railroad and that Brooklyn Central Pan. road companies bas been brought to a head. The latter have been enjoined by th* rtaj»ease Court from using toe track laid down in Purman street, on the ground that the iron belongs to the first named company. It appears tost toe directors of the Centra) Railroad made an ar- rangement with a committee of toe Board of Directors of tbe Brooklyn City line by which tbey were to be allowed tbe use orthe track, anc tbey accordingly went on andthrong* the crowd, bnVa lane was opened and they wereth'..limit thenumber of *eais they rettf-ire, IKS DSCOEiTIOISSPrince ai aonreselmbodytsg the as^sBnasdMf ana pao- pie us the ccoasi rfbtseleU, and to t e n d e r J f * TM *of Newcastle and Earl St. Germain, remain there. Theii '•ill b«the guests of 1ord Ljona. Theintroductionwis CrOYEHIlUtL Ir j r e .y informal, thePresident receiving the Pr'nceataprivate gentlemanAt tix o'clock a grand dinner wen given by the Presi-been selected. _. - -TEE FIBEMTSTS PARADE INEONOsW PRINCE OF WALESwb ch tbe Brtiwh and Amer«onn nags will bo graeeftuiy1•••iM lj»M noT E |BItTs proP°aedtopresentflafjswwhieh^talU^ofQBOU. Mr. Kill,madeboos thetho necessary arrsngesaeats. aad hsv* running oars fordirectors of the City Railroad,Tl* Dtf.• ThrtmgU Baltimore and dent, s* wtJch the memhen of the Cab.net and their ladies,LordLyocsandhwSecretaryofLegation,Mrs. torchlightprocessioninhonorofthePrii'?<*£*£.?%tbesssembled beirty, flsahionand wealth " * • * ? • • mi.icb.iMosplendidpalnooofmusiciasoweDBttodto display. „ .tofctri,RereetiMiby4h«Pmittitof iketableendoppositethePresident,atwhose righthattheEc-^BPorfrmvlsoW— A stated meeting of the 8 » n l of Supervisors, of Kings county, was held at the jaj yes- terOsy afternoon, Stephen Crowell, President, in th*S«iC!iii',wtoilFri«i4!MieUria. '""•"V""*'and will be pretest at the dinner to-morrow. • lo-mwrrow erening a bountiful dlnplay of drew Jrta willof thent going to a heavy expense themselveip decorat- ing their macLaee.aZwicanStatae.andcroato an effect which New T ^ ,The PrincelwiU arrive in Ptiladelpbia on toe evens*! ofTuesday Oct? », ^h»t in time to learn the result of ourState e*cction—in which, of course, ho can bare no postibie tateieet. But ho will behold a succession of Bosses : chair.wholly new to btmj a desree of noliticai excitement anch j Two communications were reserved from toe Mayor,I IQCUL mRVuENmTHE KOYAL APARTMENTS. with a simplicity and nbsenoe if parade truly republican.AT H E WHITE MCSE.and the imercan pobli: may coegratn ate itself that, everything here has been conducted with a dignity and decorum n o t unworthy t h e first European courts, b a tPrince's Escort.-$88,612 83TheStateDinners To-<layand To-morrow.F titffllMLE FURORE INPHILAKLPHIA. ^ i _ - • • — —Astcstment Rolls was called np, with s return of tbe As- On this occasion, there will be one uniform price of ad- . sesors of tbe county, showing the value of taxable pro-a leglance baa been severed, yoar Lordship will i the social visiters o the Executive mansion alwaysperce.vebyaglanceatthatlonglineofor coioaia: and State Governors (pointing to the portraits | youth having gone through the ceremonial of two dinnerswhich adurn the executive chambers) that we shall have with "icrave and reverend seignors" and their ladies, and a very, a rery grew veneration and regard for oar ! others officially entitled to precedence, will on thi* ncca- anrvent rulera. That line of portraits ia almost : lion be enabled to view at leisure "the beauty and thelow c.>r ancestry more than a few generations back I this couu*ry wi en he shall be called to rule over Great wtoo i tracing the lineto a British redcoat. Again Britain. And1 venture to say that nowhere inthe 1 world will the Prince meet with.a more attractive array weicoming the iTiaoe of Waies and his suite to Pennsyl . of you*;, female loveliness, or mere thoroughbred yoang vacia, the Governor expressed an ardent desire that their j gentlemen, than at Miss Lane's assembly on ThursdayJ. B. Budd, Jamesfraquair,J. 11 Kirtley,W. H Uraytou, James L Olsghorn, H. P. McKean,F. Kogei-fi,S. R. Crawford,E W. Childs,C. Macalister,A. Taylor,.las. Markoe,H. Borle,B F. Buddy, Hvans Rogers,W. Chancellor, X.F.Fisher,J. Shipley,Wm. H. lewis, K.S.Oxe,J. R. I.ipptncott, Henry UcCail,before the Prince aou suite appeared, passed out at theladies' entrance and entered the carriages assignedTbe afialr was managed quite appropriately, and sothat very little crowding occurred—a fact reflectingcredit upon those who bad it in charge. Tberoyal cortege then paseed. rapidly np Main street toCarr. and thence on board toe ferry boat, whichtook th. :n speedjiiy, still accompanied by their police | He dances quite too fast for most of bis partners, but,escort, to the depot landing of tbe Ohio and Mississippi : not to criticise the truly clever little gentleman too se Railroad Company. That company had furnished si spe-cially fitted upand new saloon car for the party, andhsd ; veoly, I must say he has the most extraordinary habitjoinedinthetrainthe'naymaster'scar,''whichalsowasIofdroppinghispartnersattheendofaset Asthenew, aad was elegantly lurnlshed with desks, tabl ?s, its., : masle ceases, with a bow and perhaps a smile nh coolly&. , for the further accommodation of the travellers. I The ! leaves tbe lady to take herself off in the best manner she lococomoiiveH.DPaeonwassentoninadvanceofthe|can. Ofcoursetheladiesdidnotfancythatsortoftreat-charitable purpose.Census Items. NEW YOKK.Bi\Ti>c,Tps. L. I.«-XtmibeT of inhabitant*: 1MX), 8,90*; 1856. s H2: increase. 766: deaths, 1860,111 dwellings, 1,842; families, 1.T80: farms, 081: milch cows, 1.827, horses, 1,686; bushels wheat, 31,S35: rye. 1:'212; oats, 79.846, corn. 115,102: pounds butter. HO 192; tons Eng- lish bay, 10.478.>'M':TfiTows,L I —Number of inhabitants. I860,2,1 -2- 185;.. 2.087 - increase. 46; deaths. 1860, 2U ; dwellings, 417: families, 416; farms, 166; milch cows, 604: horses, 138: bushels wheat, 8,!r05: rye, 4 816: oato, "A-106 cornprogress through the United Stales might increase in in- u reel and pleasure to his lordship, and u hereafter pro- ductive of lasting benefits to both nations.The prince briefly replied, expressing his sinenw sense or the high honor conferred upon him in the Capitol of the great State of Pennsylvania.rfcc Prieoeand suite, with the Governor then visited tic Capitol buUning, and after viewing the scene from the ji-u.e os the Capitol; the party started for Washington.,t . RAUIKOSU,Oct.3,18o0. Ti e Prices arrived b<*re about huff-past one and passedevening.The same ev-ning there will be a tplendit display of fireworks on the mall, south of the President's house.lew cities in Europe or America present such an caput nade for snch an exhibition.The Prince and his snite, and the venerable President, Miss l i n e and their invited guests, will b e able conve- niently to view and, enjoy the whole pyrotechnic exhibi- tion from dltlerent parts of the Executive mansion.The visit to Mount Vernon will be one of the most in- teresting^feature*intheaspectofthisvisitoftheheir of the Crown of England to countries which hts ancestors oi ce owned. It will take place on Friday.Itisagloriousidea—thatoftheheirofEngland's throne, in this, our year of 1S60, paying homage at the shrine of George Washington.face is not handsome, but certainly very expressive; the I forehead and eyes line, particularly the latter, with i which be bas a singular fashion of winking si theat the depot, which cheered eathusiastieaCy.The liayor hen prepared an address, which be was presented beford the public in this country. The variousi C. Kniglit,Mr Bliglh:t.Wub in entertairiment oflhii; character tbo|oi>era ma-, About ten o clock yesterday morning a signal gun an npuneed that toe vessels composing the royal squadronsenator 8Udeli, and several ether lady friends or the m«t last evening at Chief Engineer Deoker'tEathuriasm of the People.AnivalofthePrinceatthe Is the centre, tpoa a large toW** tray, AssistantEngineershaveallsignifiedtheirlatter to take ail their cats off toe track. Th* abrupt stoppageoftho•otmnimsrlslhmsntordsdtoselargoaato- portton of the Brooklyn residents gave rim to great an- noyance and excitement yesterday, aad the City Com- pany came la for no assail share of popular censure. The Central Company have now a* other Irtsmattistr~*rtM and than to lay down a track on the same street Hasklns anal which tbey have already commenced. In tbe mcaBtiaeNational CapitalHis Welcome at"t"h~e" General Cass.imented golden van**, the extreme toeing in fllagree and the sides of the tray of latticemost es<tuisite taato. Tho hot J»«ia« <* «»r wadttbyCitizens will contribute their supply of «toiff,.t^g*?r.y Grattan and Bauueorn-o.President, were present, the whole company numbering t twenty. The table was meet elegantly dene-bothstreet,butowing» theabsenceofa* committee but little or no business was tramran n w c a AtvTBs ormtA. - iBetween the acta the Prince' will haJ**-***1 J g * substttuted, OtoresolOMon wss adopted.V JTie Quaker City UtoMptfig *» R» * his youthful guest with a hearty shake of the hand and a, the ball, in Bonor of tbe Prince of Wales, are busy in for warding the preparations. These, as has before been an- nounosd, will consist of a reception at Loegwood, a re- view of the military on the Common, a levee in Music>••••••••••••••««• ..$2,901,106T H K J« J r K . A M DO s P K K - A ,slums and benedictions were coupled with the name of The ball wi!>-take place on Thursday evening, OctoberIke Metropolis.named are prepared to make the neoesstjr arranfs- menta.On the day after his arrival toe Prince. *lll be con-elevenodochlastsight. Atatltheimportant points- along the road great crowdn cofleeted to see the train, tratd tbe aflair, which are constituted as follows.— Ormtmittee on Invitation and Reception—Ed ward Everett, i^.....1$18,963OT 9,683 Upwm. at places where tan train stopped the Prince ! •towed himself at the rear car, much to the gratificationTotal expenditure1 he President, from the Cimmtttoe on the Erection ofact as Marshals on the abwra nlgM, with the'Senior Assistant EngineerCrogior. All visitingaompsniai willbeassigned aplaoeinthslino,butnoco«psxywll Around these were toeuqnet* of natural be assigned a location unites they report totho|taunittm» on or before the 9th inaL It was not deftniWy agreedupon as to where the line w l l be formed, but-stihy favop the oast side of the city. ..«•Ayes—Messrs. Borr, Anderson, Griffla,werefilledwithbeautIfnl artificial floweraHiTapPresi4ent,altertooBoardmjdjaorm«*j»PPOto«a*m» tbeyconveypassengers inomnibuses freeofexpenseto mltowig co^ttee:-MessTS. Borr, Anderson, OrUto, Atlantic street, so a* to connect with their 'BedforlHasklns ana mii-(Ur . Saunders ^iinseU- was aoded)- line. If it is tbe objeet of the City Railroad directors to»V insplendidraw*,andtheappearanceoftheto- ble, with these decorations and its rich service, wanandhetbenon the spot named the followmg citiseua.— W a . MaefarmndVJudge Lyons. Geo. W. l U a M * , Wysit M.'KHott7ja<f«* Meredith and Teyton Jotnalon.keep the street free from their opponents, « M nottoran cars themselves, they will unquestionably t o Sefasaa*. lbs advantages of tee line hare been too generally recog- nized by tbe public for tbeau to be permiuet to pursue,toe given, and the rest of the programme is as the Hmutn j or.tt PHILADELPHIA COlcRESltrt *OT1LTI \M> REPCBLlCAMStf. has already published. The White House and ground* Ptuunm-rmA,have been pift in the most perfect order and look magni-The Qoartert of the Prince—The Programme ficently. DuringthePrince'avlaitnoparsonswilltoeal- »<nmen*-r*« GrandOperaandHieFashien Txmille Spi-mdid lowed inside the enclosures about the building, as it is the it has Evdced—Xamet o/ (he Committee—'There m to be no ball. Washington Is not at all fall, in striking con ^nst to its appearance during the visit of the Japanese Princes.The President will giro a public reception tomorrow, from twelve until one o'clock, in honor of the Prince.• ROM ANOTHER COBKB* PON OBOT. W.4SHTSGTOJI,Oct.3,18W.Themeetingof the Prince and the Presidentwasex- tremely cordial. The royal party arrived at theEiecu- ; ve Mansion about a quarter peat fonr. The first car-be advisable, as becoming the dignity of our*iti?ens a* well as the convenience of the Prince himself* f However, if the duty of welcoming toe Prince to the |*Mpitalitip of the city la coniided to the charge of Mayd* Henry, it will be performed in a spirit consistent wlts||he simpli- cityanddignityorourinstitutions. _Ihavenotyetbeenable•to obtain any dpnite infof matlon retpecting the lodgings which the Pi||ce w.11 oc- cupy while in this city. The contest for theftemr of ef-around the arena before a crowd jammed in every part of the largo building, who cheered and cheered again the royal pageant. Several of our prominent Citizens rode In carriages forming the procession, among whom wore Col. John O'Falkm, Henry Shaw, Jamea E. Ventolin;] Col. Robert Campbell and Hon. Edward Bates.After the distinguished visiters had alighted they received at toe pagoda by the directors of toe Ag tural and and Mechanical Association, and Cant. the President,.received them as followsi—Lord Renfrew's immediate party will occupy the pros ; Amounts drawn by orders of tbe Board forwith equal warmth of manner. The President then led the way to the Blue Drawing Room, where Miss Lane, accompanied by Mrs. Ellis^ of Alabama, a niece of the lata Vice President King, received the Prisceupon the wings of the atmosphere, and whispered eu!o- j Hall,arid a ban at the Boston theatre.j land, who will take up his abode at the Executive Manbe has a taste for rural scenery. In the willreceivethevisits ofprominent cltu evening attind the grand operatic AcademyorMusic,whichIstobeprovided, cial benefit.'THX IRABTD OlIOU.It is upon the grand Opera, on the nigialso our "Yankee Doodle," and other popular t was. | Someorthefinestcattle were then Introduced ia tiering, and the Prince examined them carefully, and show edhimselfaconnoissenrin-thequalitiesofkine. Savera'. of the finest horses were also Introduced into the nj-ena, and speeded round and round the circle amid exciting plaudits.One o'clock and after bad arrived, and the Prince, walking between Oept Harper, the President of tho asso- ciation, and one of hts suite, and followed by tho rest of bis rettnue and the direotois or the fair and other! din tinguished gentlemen, among whom were Hon. J. R. Bar- ret, toe founder of the fair, sad Governor Stewart, of our State, walked to the hmch room, whore a fine repast baa been prepared, consisting mainly ot buf- falo tongues, quails, prairie chickens, ate , indicatiice of our location. There were also In abundance champagne and toe best brands of Missouri wise. All wss enioyci.After the lunch, the Prince, suite, President of tiie as- sociatiorc and others, again asccn led the first story of the pagoda, and toe second, royal premium of the fair came off The exhibition of stallions was magnificent, and there is no doubt his Royal Higbnesa locked upon the finest Etoct that the Union is capable of producing. AEAwmwcaa,Oct3,I860.The Prince of Wales and snit* arrived at Harrisburg at ; hour was spent in conversation before the company dis-| atomduring the stay of his Boyal Highness. Nearly au; persed to dress for dinner.The Prince occupies the two southwest apartmentsfronting Lafayette square, and both his chamber andthe loth, display i f their re- irly sfog e highest nk amongIIemuel aiaw, Robert C. Wintorop, David Sears, Jacob$28,537 OSdressing room are models of elegance sad refined taste. i The Duke of Newcastle occapiee the large chamber nearBig<«ow. Jarad Sparks, Wm. Appieton, Frederick W. ;j Lmewa Jr ., George Ttcknor, Henry W . Longfellow. P el-; bam] Ponney, Wm. L. Hudson, Marshal P. Wilder, John a •- mittee were unable to obtain the co operation of the•« toe aeeeenbled crowds. Dassendlng the mountain thepr see and his friends rode upon die locomotive, so as to j the library, fronting south, and commending a glorious , nement of taste. The fashionable worldctuua a better view of the magnificent scenery of the* ! view down the Potomac and of the Virginia shore. Underwith the event, and it is at the present tiaspiration of the belles to possess beauxthe favored committee of a hundred. The , Host extent* sive arrangements are being made by the eht; o make the occasion one of memorable brilliancy; and tt •event wl'l doubtless be worthy of record in the fufure| inals of theTyl*.The above committee was authorized to extend an invi-• tation to toe Prince of Wales and suite to attend toe halt,M M n slope ox the Ailegbaniea, They expressed them- wires much gnatised with their ride. »At AJtoons the party was welcomed »y an Immensecrowd, -m.d much eheerinf and Ma greatest enthusiasm.They passed down the valley of the beautiful Juniata I The evening was spent quietly In the drawing roam under ice aBrery light of the f«!! moon, and, arriving at j! by the distinguished guests.Harrsborg.wero received by n large and enthusiastic j The Marine Band was in fall attendance, playing, amongj moonlight it is truly magnificent. *The dinner party to day consisted of thirty four. The:which was immediately done.Ekeeutite-Committee—James W. Paige, A. H. Rice, Geo. jPrinoe ted in Miss Lane, and sat on her right, at the centre I of the table, with the President just opposite.j B. flpton,.I.Thomas *tevenson, Charles Amory, John t. | sence of any better sugp stton. was in favor of purchas- Heard, G Rowland Shaw, J. Huntington Wolcott, Thomas . ing the Military Gardes, on which to erect a Court House.triage brought the Prince ofjF/ales,<ieneral Cats,thaDuke tertaining him seems to be chiefly between ithe Const;it will be a regular gala uight—very brilliant and ex ,tremoly well arranged. county:—1869... $94,767^141889.97,841,707nental and I a Pierre houses. The courier isj ppected a the city to day to make the necessary arrangj bents, s j d hla choice will be directed by his taste fopretiremeatfew words of welcome, to which the Prince replied or display. The proprietors of both the lfle& I havetlon, I can extend to you a greeting and welcome on this occasion.The Prince replied in a few words, aignifyiog hi« de-light on accepting the invitation of Captain Harper, wt •'.'.had been sent to him whilst in 3anada, and partiaJy s coaptod b y letter . The time was exciUng. »L*dieB wavedtheir bandkerchiem, the ex siting strains of music Coatedjof Newcastle and Lord Lyon*.The President stood just within the door, and greeted.. 12,1:7,318 ..$106,914,882 $109,616,7.37crowd, who escorted them to their quartern at the Jones >1House. • • The President will to-morrow give a reception from been conducted that the first announcement mde a few first premium of six hundred doll u s had been giother airs, the national ones of Britain and America. The Price* w u serenaded during the night by the Capi- twelve to one, in honor of the Prince. tobeen progressing for some time, but so quie have theytol DJiDd.Long before the hour when the Prince was announced i the theory of the British constitution, was born a British ables Into a fever heat of excitement. ItIt la a noticeable fact that General Cans, who, underWhich Its prime originators move, and threwho revived the Prince in the name of the President, cnued both outers, expressing his tireferenc lo witoossI was present at the coronation of the Prince's mother. OCE WASHINGTON CORRB8P0NDENCK.V^ WiSHWGTOjr, Oct. 2, 1880an operatic perlormance, the services of Mi {k unman Information conveyed to the Duke of Newcastle concern-that the amir might be given tne F-Uper ,'-^{.Amer a. Politics were thrown aside to do honor to the . Tie Prince qf Wales urkf his Anticipated Arriad—Tlie And these gentlemen, through their agent» n tb.a ci^jr, royal party were satisfied. .by the accused at Sheriffs sale, but found acme A CINCINNATI LADY SEES THE PRINCE—j difficulty In getting the tenant to vacate the house.im .r.«guest.A; DCthe cortege emerged from the hotel, and thetl.iv.FMd5 sent up shouts Of applause, while the ladies waved their handi.erchieis, the loese beisg animating in th'1 o*rem*»Programme of Pleasures During his VUit—Ike State Mr. Graw, seem to have bent every energi;*.o forrwsftlTbe distinenished visiters, with tbelr appropriate. titl«s, are as follows:— Albert Edward, I'rince of Wales, i •••ue ol Saxony, Duice of Cornwall and Rothsay ,-Eai 1 of Chester and Carrack, Baron of Renfrew, and Lord of the Isles. In this conntry, probably out of eourtesv to our democra cy,aod tout the strict etiquette appertaining to royalty may not be subjected to violations, he assumes his lowest title—that or Lord Renfrew. Hts Grace the Duko of Newcastle; the Farl of St. Germains; Major General the Honorable P.. Bruce, Lord Lyons, British Ambassador at Washington: Major Teasdale, captain Gray, Dr. Ackjland, Mr. Erife'leheart, Mr. Jenner, Mr. Warre.THK I'KlVlRTI'RE O F T H B i'RIM E .It is understood that the Ohio and Mississippi comb^nyhave fitted up the directors' car and the paymaster & car, together with a third passenger coach, for the use of the Prince of Wales and hie suite, fon 'their accammoda1|0W HE LOOKB AND HOW HE DANCES. 1 [From tbe Cincinnati Commercial. Jwfc are permitted to use a portion of a private letter froi! a Cincinnati belle to a lady friend at home, written fronl Montreal shortly alter the visit of tbe Prince ot Males. The letter gives Cincinnati a description of his reception and of subsequent scenes: but as we have re- produced similar descriptions by aifferent correspondents heretofore, we must restrict the privilege, to make ex- tracts to one or two paragraphsAfter referring to the procession, the continued rains, themnddy condition of tbe streets, &»:., she proceeds:— And now comes what may be termed the "grandfinale,''for nothing could have surpassed tbe grand ball i which followed on Monday evening.The Prince and suite entered about half-past nine, amid the vivas of the people and the guttering ' of radios' handkerchief, tbe band playing "God Save the Qneen," and was conducted to a cano- py—even a sort of throne was erectel for ' bim, but as his Royal Highness danced all theI .era; proceedings were commenced aga est Carney, when be became frightened and promised to <jait the place on Saturday night. Before taking !*ave, however, it is alleged he cut away the gas fit ores, broke several of tbe door knobs, and otherwise defaced the in- terior of tbe premises, out ol pure malice to toe com- plaicant. The accused was arrested and required to give bail in the sum of 92,000 to answer.FacAiK AXD Ciiinus OF THOMAS J. Mraiuv —The es- cape of Thomas J. Munday from tbe Court of .*ess ons yes- terday morning, where he was to be senteti :ed for al- leged rape on a little girl, created quite a stir among the police y•Rterday, and several o' tbe detectives set to work, if possible, to find his whereabout ana arrest him. Capt Fowling, or the Sixth ward poll -e, boweVer, was on the lookout for Mr. Munday, and last evening arrested tbe gentleman in Hol.okeu, where be had secreted him - self He was brought to tbe city and locked up in tbe Sixthwardstationhouse. Thismorninghewillbetaken into court, and no doubt sentenced by the RecorderDinner—Fireworks and Visit to Mount Vermn, <£c , £•;.The beau monde of the metropolis a raits with well bredinc^l-'i-cts uf the committee and make ,trievent oke hatwtll reflect credit upon themselves asMeil as t h ecomposure the arrival of the Prince. There is a tacit city. Xhey immediately tendered the eerv| J» of thltrunderstanding to discountenance any intrusive visitation entire corps of artistes performing at Nad [York sad The • mop"wan df.v«ai»au open carriage, drawn by that might, in the slightest degree, interfere with his Philadelphia, with the entire chorus ami;j orchestraappreciate are shown in this arrangement. The royalHcury Seybert, Isaac I.ea.Moncure Robinson, Jap-its C. Band, Frederick Graft,JohnB. tfyers fieorreS Tcp W. R. l.rsroe Josiah Randall, J. P Steiner, W.Taylor, John Rice.J. Rhea Bart/>n|| StephenKiiguf C K. lax,i. B.Budd,. H. Seybert,C. L Borie,Henry U.Judge Edwa George KorrWm. Cox,John. SavageJudge Shar«<>eo. H. BokH. Desilver.Chas. Veztn, Root.Smith,Dr. Wilcox,G. g. Pepper, J..Norrie,Isaacs WateYuan. R Smethurstpeded transit to their carriages. The result showed that j Tbeie were over eight thousand persons present, and I do that he still retains the notes, subject to the or.ler of the the precaution was not wholly unnecessary, for a con- t bellive every one of tbe crowd was upon tip toe, with parties lostly entitled to the isiderable and very wager crowd bad gathered, even at so : necks stretched in a moat alarming manner, all to see theearly an hour, to catch a glimiiee of the youthful gentle- | l'rmce. They say they caged bim np in tbis extraordinary\chivalry'ofhisownagewhoaretobetheleadersofso- W.Chancellor, a perfect type of our American families. We cannot fol- \ ciety, and those who are to be the "men of the times'' in J. K Ingersol.,man who is dest men. Providence permitting, to wear the ! masher because of bis having been followed so clo.-e'y crownandsituponthetoroneandbeartheregalsceptreiattheQuebecball,whichwas.,bfcourse,quiteunplea- of Great Britain. The Prince and party expressed them- sant, • « * But all this time I have saidselves much refreshed by a night of uninterrupted re- I nothing of his personal appearance, of which you are pose—a luxurythev bad not tor someweeks enjoyed. I doubtlessdying to bear. Well,heis,sswewomensty.His Highness e.\b;bit.'n more vivacity and spirit tt , "a dear little lellow," but as that does not express any- had previously noticed in him. Some time elapsed [after thing definite, I suppose 1must be more explicit. He isthe abundant luggage of the party bad left the hotel ' not fall by any means, but with rather a good neure BisC i t y I n t e l l i g e n c e .R/U.SOAI)AcaussT—CoronerSchlrmerheldaninquest; at Bellevne Hospital yesterday npon the body of Terence Kelly, a native of Ireland, aged 61 years, who died from the (fleetsof injuries accidentally receivedonthe26*.b ult., by being run over by one of the Eighth- Avenue Rail- road cars, at the corner of Thirty-third street. Deceased attempted to jump off too front platform while the earj was :n motion, when he missed bis footing and fell under ibe wheels. Tne ury in rendering a verdict, recommend ed tbe railroad company to take proper means to iwwverit persons from eetttag on and on the front platiorrta .1<LrogL Baltimore street on bin way to the Washington Albert F4ward of England will, under those statesmen C. F. Hagedorn,J. Dallett, J.R. Ingersol A. J. Antelo, J A. Hay, F.EDixoa,P Drayton, W. C. Horner E. ?. Wbeiao J. R. Fry,T. Cadeallad W. S. Smith, J. L B-czby, ITenry Paul Bel J. W. Paul, Oliver Hopki C. H. Fisher, Wm. T. Elbert John Dutibi, B. B. Cummin' dined' by Ioval ladies at tbe bands of a Prince, ui.s cava- street, this (Thursday) evening, Oct. 4, at half past seven lier treatment did not prevent him obtaining almost any o'clock. Seats fTee. A collection will be taken up for adepot. The streets on the route, which was a lengthy one, ten. thronied. He was received at the depot by the Mayor andadelegationfrom thecitycouncils. Ashealighted the band struck op "tiod Save the Queen."' The Prince aud eutte rede in open carriages, were greeted with much app.ause and responded by bowing repeatedly.who accompany him, be induced to profit by the lessons be shaU have learned here.The sge demands,intellect from whomsoever would as- piretorule. Thedayformonarchical'puppetsisover. Prince Albert Edward will carryback to his country this great teaching; and if he and his counsellors shall be governed by It, ifaey will be the most sagacious, foresee- ing and most prudent statesmen with whom England everwas blessed.Uacregor Michesou, S B. Thomss, Frcd'k Grafl, OrPag..T. C. Jsrnes, E- W. White, A. J. ITresel. Kllwood Da^is, lewis Oooper, H, Mesachert,C. tiuillion.J. P. Hutchinson,G. D. Rosengartcu, H Cramond,J. 1 ipnlncott, Mr.iambert,other lady in the room for the succeeding set, each one feeling herself only l o i highly honored by tbe request We will reform tbis thing altogether when he gets on toei n r MKET1XG OF THE PRINCE VXD THE TH* rVROTKCHNIC EXHIBITION IN WASHINGTON INAwho seem insejiarsjble, as usual remaining together, At tbe signal the importtnt tram started, leaving the depot without nliy dcn.pnstration from the spectators,'and quicily gained an increased speed that doubtless has taken the party in excellent time to Cincinnati. JWe should add that, prior to their departure, the Prjiuce and suite warniij expressed themselves as not only ujnei- cepiionably pleased but really delighted with their visit to St. LouisA number of distinguished strangers were present, in- cluding lady Franklin, who creatad a sensation equal in comparison to that of H. R. H , and there were some Cm- cinnatians, as yon know, two of whom were great belles. The dancing was kept up till fire o'clock in the morning, tne Prince dancing until after four, and missing but one set, I believe., and it was ,uite daylight before the last carriage was called.THE PRINCE'S FLEET.(From tbe <>aebec Chronicle, September 28. j-PRESIDENT.WASBJMGTON, Gut. 9,1590The Prince ofWs'es received no officii! welcome atBnrnaburg last evening A grant crowd was collectedHONOR OF THK PRINCE. ,From the Washington Star, Oct. 2 ]On the evening of next Thursday, should tne weather prove favoiable. a grand display of fireworks will be *iv«n or the grounds south of toe President's mansion, in honor of she Prinoe and hit suite. This exhibition, We understand, will exceed anything wnich has ever been.-'A 800 pounds butter, :4.4:0: tons English hay, 3,100. OHIO.,.-'NEW YORK HERALD, THTJRsto,0<^MDftJJ8«tTM?«^^Tli» PHIX< E IN SVK T-'.WK. ;' Hmthevisitof tteiTriaoe ofWilestoNew •or| t,ew>.»,tnst tho resolution. Ha bsttevod thatthe Prettiest by Secretary Cam, ana then by the Presi-dentte>Miss Lane. Fire of the euite, including the Duke Hop at the Fifth Avenue Hetai, waster•*»» hafe-airondf Vriin>e appropriated to thejBtvItba roysi f^ij"£ the an* manThe joint committee of the Board of Firemen t a d I neers appointed to make arrangementa for -fhe iv.oiee» and Prtace Consort wUl servo to**£«**"*?£; entrance of the Prince the rthen eSfered the tbUowing:— „ Ttrsolved, That the Mayor be revested to « 1 • « » J * -city.The arrangements for this grand eat rta jnnt havedays since, took by surprise all outeHe of'»• circle in heiasbial- at first init as he JeSilver Heels, and tbe two minor premiums award rojal party then retired from toe pagoda and d for toe city.Tho arrival of the Prince of Wales in our metropolis will be an era in our annals, and we have certainly ac- corded to him the reception which ia due to so din tirguished, modest and sensible a Prince. In answer toTne tickets are to be limited in number, sad will bs dls tributed as follows—No.memberoT,tbe Exec;'. veCommit- tee is lo submit or receive orders other than by an estab- lished rule which will be by written application address- ed to the Secretary of the Committee, and by him regis- j tered in a iiook, when tbe distribution will take place. The price of tbe tickets bas been fixed at $16 for a ticket admitting one gentleman and one lady, and single tickets for ladies only, at to. There will be no single tickets for j gentlemen.and Stral osch were immediately sought a ir, in ordaring the growth of our city, he replied frequently, "Astontshicg, wonderful " It will be a reminiscence agreeable to all. We were satisfied, an 1we feel thajt theapathy of our editorial profession in matterafencernhtt lion from this city to Cincinnati. tte credit ol the city,that the press '••%.* n«M|single repieces have berln arranged au. desigued by that etliclent abouttoread,whentheDukeofNewcastleinterfered,asandskUfuli.fflosl.Majwi;eoI)Ramsay,commandantatnangersm.slitreapaharvestiftheyweredi*pft§dtoproseriouidiwrderonthePrince'sarrivalandduringIrssandsofjiereons.Durhamterracewasthrongedwithbe baa done at Pittsburg, and the ceremony was post the United states Arsenal, and prepared by Mr. Thomas lit in iKicket alone. But in the conduction of t&e ailafr It stay, they escorted the departing guest to the depot in a numbers of the fair sex, and toe enthusiastic manner in ' Licking ,1S60 IS'* 38.C48 38.846 *. 43.373 4o,04»poaed till this morning, tne Prince staying an hour 3**or for the purpose.style which won from the latter an expression ot grate which hundreds of them waved their handkerchiefs, asMuskingum..mme<l*i*iy entered the trtia and started o!f. He is aimetfxbaustedwithfatigue,andieoknwornoui.On in,- train be was invited to attend an operatic ptrfurm- axce by the Coamc troupe at Baltimore on Monday aVfltl.egw.tnout accident thereyai nirty reached Wmmtnstoaa Ruffian CandUs—Isi'ge Rucbanan shells of variegated cole«.WHc*.rneAlfredEdward—largearch. 7 sSglashand American liaoia, i^rpent pot.a .Fifty Small Mortars—variegated shells behind theVtetorta \rchYorki telegraphed an order for $1,000 worthy! sunpte Ibat r y Bm they were sJ! disappointed, it hJJying ueen tbefii«cautiousstepofthemauagernentMproride spatct all such au« mpt£ taspectilate on the pti&ijc.l i l t faOlfK C* SK.1TS.Tbcre v.usa lively time at the Academy oa r&turdswbtkibe coinmittfe met to draw their rho«|wJor the h»n Iscme .service rendered, and express*)! a w-arru sense ofgratdude to the May*r and citizens!Tor tte;;ecerot courteiitstheyhadextendedtohim.surtled by a horse, with a young ladv on his back runntpg at fiirious speed in tbe direction of the AmericanHouse Shehadevidentlylostcontrolofhim,andeveryone expected to see her dashed to the ground apd serious-ly hurt, .1 not killed outngut. Turning down Washing-ton avenue, be shot through tbe crowd of wood wagonsanu other vehicles, and dashed directiv into tbe liveryStable u s t below toe American, A great rush of people I Kent Las bereioiore been merely experimental;aboLt four o'clock. A crowd of thousands of persons, pre- 10- Good irghtMi John B. J4.w*. of 'tht' rjrm of Mvers. <lagbttn & Co,*•rvi.•Ubemostexcellentorder,receivedhimatthe depot with the heartiest cheers we ch he has received is this country.ikl^r*5*1*0"*^ •unraeter? rows of lance work, and from th.; bat, mto which it bad lieeu 'leprtfttedlrltb th" having recc'ved tl^f.ll.iwing letter from too Mator,ad- killed; bat with the exception of some reuts in her t\A cissimilar that in many instances tne throat af distanceofamileanda uu,i*gelU.9restortbecommitteeHewa-dS.lon*in dress*dtothePresidentandCouncil:— ridingdress,shewasunhurt,^hebadkeotherseat tFf!*tientcloses,andbeditsbef«*renisdiseaseThed.mmitteeoldmrjgesjonta will meet t-J<W«vlug to OVtermioe the most appropriate f''«or»*TM^li1.the Academy on the occasion. They will «*ft t h t e a i » nble.as may be approprlato ami acoopt-bition.We leern that it has been detulioly WTuegeAthat, durf reject »n atiempta at gauoy disntey, and endeavor to Mr. Hill spoke oi to u k e up the Boatter; powerproscenium box on the right band aMe of i M A f W cot delegated yo.rate body, takin had found that a people, and be (<tiieaoas a ssnmento. &** JhiJ« ^»Jg«2S - I T ! ofS&Tofferid tocurHiniator,Mr.Dallna.riee of home. Oo t t e -—-.— - - - = urcbestra wUl salnto him with ths air ofl dmaei1 0disposed to recognise tbe acts of their committee, appln ipplledsome of his suite, while the remainder, in other carriagesTbe report of toe Committee on Accounts of the Super tntendenta of tbe Poor, to whom were referred too an- nual report of the Superintendents, for the year ending July 31,1840, wsa called up, showing the followingducted to the most prominent places of |4*reat, and Victoria. The heir apparent to the throne of Eofland j 18, at the Boston theatre, the Melodeon to be used as a owedmuchofhiscordialreceptiontothewoaiaalyvirtues,supptrroom. IbecommitteeontoepartoltheCityand the,gentlemen of his suite, and also Sir Henry IIol- probably be driven through the surrouBdi^^contitry if of his mother. The baud played "God Save the Quaes,"Council having voted not to make toe ball a part of the i citylprogramme, many prominent citizens cooperating j withtheMayor,invited several gentlemen to meetandfornlan organization for the purpose o' giving to the Prinoe of Wales or Lord Renfrew a ball in behalf of the citi/^nsofBoston. Twocommittees were chosentoinl-that the people of Philadelphia will rest fo;s Court House, presented a report, staving that t b e com-their prodigality and hospitality, as wellCommon Council to petition too Legislature for Washing- ton Psrk for a site, sad therefore tbey recommended tbat toe resolution offered by the committee on the 10tb of June,toeacted upon, by which the ansa of $70090ia. appropriated to that purpose. Tbe Preatdr-ut, ia the ab-B Browc, chief pyrotechnist, who has always met with anjiears to be their sole aim to enrich their fame- as con- remarkable s'lcdess In bis displays of pyrotechni: works. ductors of the Italian Opera.grounds, and add to the interest of the occasion by the Tiio prtcts for admission were moderatcdlwith the view of gaining a fashionable audience 'without compelt'n. 3 —Alfred A. Fkillips vs. Edv-d. Simnwns.—Judg Tbe following is a Hal of tbe various pieces in the order s.iiiiissioii to all parts of the house, and the ntjtjnbers «f root of Carr street, and there awaited the arrival. Tbe bern formed of them. The Hero Bred a e;.:«u?. the bands meut for defendant on dttnurrer, with leave to plant,The Marine Band will he in attendance in the President'sful acknowledgment. Leaving * body guard of abmc the vessels steamed majestically outot the harbor, bore fourteen to preserve order at the hotel while the partywere about entering the carriages, Cnpt. Fealy proceeded, testimony to tbe esteem in which the gallant naval officers K were held, while the cordial response of the latter showed Siate Capitol, where an address was presented and an in- »>rendition « mtiay of oar most patriotic and stirriue airs. IIDK an . xiortion. Three dollars was the surddxed for with sixty five other 'stars,'' also in uniform, to th» that tbey fully appreciated the high opinion which basSmprenne Court—Special Term. Before Hon Judge Bonney.Turn morning be was driven through the city to theformal levee held. >At ten a clock, be started in a speciai train for Washing- ton He reached Baltimore at half-pait one, and was .riven adoss the city to tte depot of the Baltimore and Oh o 'lailroed by the committee.The people timed out ant accompanied the carriages, XXtxtl rose ui thcentre, above which will be a crown. turrahiagj, the Prince bowing from the carriage. Be 4 Wttefei^gjfecf row —large arch.column then banusomeJy opened in file for toe Prince playing as the ships got under weigh. At eleven theyarfd suite to pass through and on board tbe ferry bfit. were out of sight.. Tbey proceed direct to Portland to Having attended thpm across the river the same style meet bis P.nyai Highness at that i»rt.is which tbey e to be nresente ':—1. A m»gc:fk>Dt Flight of Rockets.i Reneo'a Ujstteiy—display ing the various pieces,and !1*b.tiGg up the ground for a consider.^Ie distance around,tbe cornmitt.-e, while they,were allowed thei choice Of seats, were limited to live tickets each.*ricnjtiiocf rx TTCKBTS:No eo< ner bad the announcemeut 'eenmade BJblic tlwas observed on the landing at the depot, and the torto amend within two days on payment o."costs.Gi',. D. Bulen and rthers a. Wm- Burdell and others —Judgment for plaintiffs, confirming report af referee. De- cree to be settled on 8tb October, on four days notice.tege passed on to the cars between the orderly moving S. Goo ?avef,ueen \ icioria—a large arch with a beau- the doors ot the opera House to^procure tueirf fSpecula- filea Before leaving, bis Grace tbe Duke of NewcOHteL y*!*** tow** or - there is m progress a very tbe IT.Pce cf tbe play ana llw p||nce A rallied was erected around the .entrance to the car, New fork, »rb3eh^.^LtotcorPl<« Pyrotechnists from reality. Irei! fol'owed other fortunate indivJand noneibat oshctals—not even reporters—were admitted A«mbaatlono( the^a^!8 ?H b e M W l « " : - It wss rot oven reserved for the last manintide. «en. Cass, the Secretary of" State, accoeaiiaaied ngiish s y m b ^ X , poinu'J, for he declared that he was able It; by *mt* )achaean and James Buchanan Henry, the ne and forming a w a r k of a masterly hand, very sesis he had longed for. If it had bern ntcity on Saturday nejtt. Unformed the President of the arrangement of her tiress, and she proposed to try the tion of a m mbraoe, which increase! gradually until thepfcews ofihe Prenident»ijeeeiv?d the Prinoe at the cars.ia a br.ei speech Secretary Cass. expressed the delight nBdVeeaure which it antorded htn^persoaaUy, and an thethe eenire of ths ploce are m» "J*"Pa*sa beauty. In tbe m t,.be! ol seats allowed to the committee* Brltunta, white aejomina-SnrS1 *1 - ^ Colsnabia and been cmMtd, but tbe mansgere resigieil suchi ofarms, and the latter ti^ Kneiilh ,Jl m e r i c a n co*t ftnm the original arrangement as contrary to) rlobe. surmcBded by the Aai»rw_ * • the top is a of the general public• Tbe mcmiers present we» e the President and Messrs. Elkn f*nr>]son, of this city, bad determrneJ to ride at tou'.^ \. i n cither case it s equally fatal. To arrest tbe Grattan. Burr, Anderson, Critun, Dencon, Gla/ebroW i 'be Slate Hair. Hie was practising with b.m on Third format! u of this membrane would therefore eeem eqniva Crochtield.Hiilan.maskins 1 ' lakd riajse, near Governor I arweil's bouse. »iiea she lost lent to curing the disesse. am! this, in most inatacces.7he Prealdent sailt he called the'meeting together j to contjol n{ toe briale and be ran with ber to tbe stable, u»y be done in the following manner —Ic the early prepare resolutions or something concerning the Prinoe a distance of about a mile. The horse was very much, st*(ios of the complaint, wriicb is alwaysacco:.:panied byor Wales. * T . r r; feectat :ve of the President, to weh-omn the Prince of asa-n oie*-c. ts a large steamship. wi'taiX??? f n > m l d e •community t<t attend on the occasion,occur ties tbe Mr Burr offered tbe following.—tr»>r« to Washington) The Prince replied by hewing and eitcsdmghisbund. TheDukeofNewcastleandthe Prince's .suite were thee istraduced. The Irtaoe sad party -hen antared the President,'* carriages, and were dr'veii dlrctly to the White douse.At e m ! t e ctrr.'«f«a had acan difl'^ity in ptnicgwreathed tegetoer, i d ea each ^ 2U**1**1 •*$• An instance of the intense desire thatrepresent®* the commerce between tha^!?"*' * c • box Lllice of the Academy yesterday, when aT at to* This c juncil ha ring been advised that the Prince of Wales 'exciton.and some cf toe bystanders attempted to dis a soreness and swelling of the throat, let the patient use a soadl* her frem mounting him again. She very coolly simple tolution of stit aad water, as a gargle, every fif- rcpltfil th«t "she proposed to ride tbat horse or die In tbe teen minutes At the same time moisten a p e e of flan- attempt."'Remountingtbehorse,sherodeoutinthe nelwithasolutionoftbesamekind,madew«nnastheThisissaidtobetherai*est>ieesIf"siTM2?TM!: voiedtowinthefavors«fthemanagement-' made, tt being-CS* hunadreodand . i « y feet ft*Sa«S ^ 2 to secure half a dosen seats for the entire se Arty feet m height. The p.ecc w)ll be sarroonoe?„"££ was allowed ti make ber choice on tbe openingendeaiftwt,isonhisroutethroughthel'nltedStates,desires onbe hair of too people of this city, to offer htm a oordial wiel- Ia general clamor arose for tickets, and hunJreC-JcrowdedAhxanier M Brum rs Herman 2?rw«n-^Tut'gment for DIASIA \rnsos is WrscoNKw —Tbe tVisconsin Sla' pbuetin according to prayer or complaint, oy default.tci8 »tTP at f-uce in th<> field, endeavoring to I ^jf up the invvted Cantain Fealy into the c ir, where his Riyal Journal of the 2«th ult savs— About two o'clock this Decree t« settle on two days' totice. , tickets to sell at an advance, and one ectemlglng New HlcbEcss addressed; him with thanks and compliments altemoon the people along King aad Pinknev sireets werebombs, teed in* op their shower of stars and « " - ? Tbe seats for the committee will be all reserlthing arranged additional that will give more •rTectfc and on tomorrow (Thursday) morntDg the* lox onI5» eomm-rrce, or common laegutgo and a comaon l a wmeanwhile sprtnklirg fine salt between the tUcnel and toe neck. Use inwardly seme tonic or ti'mi.li.ot, either»to-day, the exh'bitfm. As this ia quite a complicated piece and wm im thrown optn to the public. Those' lni few Voifcwblcb we are indfsimluWy alHed. by tbe tie of blood ofUntitled DocumentTHKIIPTHEKIA IJTD rrs CT-RS—This smgular aiseass, which hasthusfarBermedtoban'etheskillofourbestpbysi cians, says the Cincinn-iti Press, bas become so preva- lent nnd has been so generally fatal, that any tugges.ion in regarti to its cure will hardly prove uninteresting.UK PRINCE IN IIICUM(iXL), V A . IFrom iheijP.icbrnund Enquirer. Oct. 2.1, its caus s are not known, and therefore all treatTrie Cliy council had a meeting list evening. Theyon these works will be w»- the f.*rtnD&ie ind'vidua! whose name wa* ilrlt d r a S were convened by toe President in consequence of his Immediately filled the stable, fearful that the girl was but its i atbognomontc symptome are so diversified•^aeen eistmaiy at the rcfeivliig for bimseif and tamilv a po.*?«fb r'on <m ite26ih Pepmhiher I was itnormod by Mr lloOrc ana appeared perfectly coo! and ooiiecied. AU tbat troutb•e* ^ d s ^ g t ^ A l * « . t o be exhibited just before whtner tbey cul-i have -a jrooil look MBotn a British C<UK ;, tbatithe Pritce or Wales was to visit this bled her, she declared, during the runaway was the dis- known from other complaints of the throat it the forma-fact on the nex* dajij. and now communicate the same yen mat yon !n»y take sunn action on the Bubject as } our bonorable body may seem fit-horse again without delay. It proved to oe a last uorse, patient is literally sirangled to ieatb. ft i* sometimes owned by John D Welch, that few men en-vd tt ride, be sceo.mpat.ied by ulceration and extreme prostration of the is so wild and unmanageable, but wbicb tbe girl, Miss entires; stem, and at others by neither of these symp-BWBSSBSWW-W-W-W—^ng of the citizens to take this sub,e=t into ^tjneen,"andbewillbegreetedwiths |«4W*fJ« MOomsoBdamaftatitbettertorthomtizewa»astondto oy.whichwa*grantedonFrtday,therebycompeUmgt/&>•> which oeauUful apartment wlal^adOiwM l j W Cruahoohi,and rare ,.isnte, and the rictoest of fiowers wiU be ptock. edtogiveornamenttothescene. ,Tne^"Pd'*rJ2.S! made a aost striking one, well onlcdatodto l a p j ^ sell even upon the memory of one wbobaa been s»cns- tomedrWtolsnc}tothedisplar^.^^yA^SSt mentaiibrds. Dhring these ^^•^^^"l^n^nrtl* grand p-omenade, which may possibly result in a JKU- isaTt charge of thefemaio ltfht tuard cpon t i n , fueatMoer-ttessra. Denoeu,Glaxebrook,The line will bo formed about six o'clock, aojai to psaaTberrincetntontherightofUlanLane,atthetideofthe nobadoginto*smogerpolicy.the Fifth Avenue Hotel before nine o'clock, js^teumtd Duke of Kewoattle. All the diplomatic corps are in town ; arrangements are beiog made by various romrMies, mas*rfIuhm«7thi.*tertimonial i reapectintendedijJ theftiBcefriirrtbe eMtaama of i»ilao^lidtla csnuit flat^otopresa him moat favorably with tto mety «} « fTBB'PRINCBIN PHILADELPHU. [Fimm toePhtledelpb'e Press, Oct. 1 )American States, and create the nation's guest, nsa|y en- In snitlng to do honor to^ - K ^ w r f g h t W a j e s t , « M U ! « d } a met the Prince at Pitttburg and submitted to BfcsTtoe repertoireofthetronpefprhiiselectionoftheap«*ato*&5%££in chosen the Opera of "Martha" anj tho •first act of "La rraviata." Tho cast of charactera ha* notyetbeenframed. ______THE PRINCE AT THE PAIB GR0UND9 IN! ST. L0UI8.iFrom toe St. Louis P.epublican, Sep.. 2 1 ] ' Drawn by four black horses in a toe carriage we* hisRoyal Hithnesa the Prinoe of Wales, accompanied bywiU be increased, and a proper set of cborts singers, who yet agreed upon for his formal reception, add It has been with two horses, were driven into the fair groaneslaad really eans.cg in time and are not positivsly ugly, willsuggests! that the omission of any such forni|Bity migti then Into the amphitheatre, where tbey were drawn be empiayed. !* * *"ISStatus,wasm,«« »• *»+»" «*» * Mr. Burr's roaoHition,the mevtoa "g*£*St&Bm having been atrfcken out and 'MestlmooialB ofK Chit kerng, Patrick Grant, Harrison Ritchie, Horace i ; Grty,Jr,Ives G. Bates, Samuel H. <.ookir, William W. .Clapp, dr. William B. Fowls, Jr .To tnis committee there will be added one from tbe ,citizens at large. There appears to be a general determi nation to bare it tbe most complete and brilliant aflair possible.After a long and unprofitable discussion, i t was resolved to print on toe minutes an abstract of tbe whole question for tbe last ten years; and that in the meantime tho whole subject He op the table till next meeting.A great deal of routine business was transacted, after which the Board adjourned to the 17th instant, at three o'clock.Police Intelligence' HAROB OF MAUCIOI S MISCHIEF.—Job L. Black, of No.142 Fast Twenty-thirl street, appeared before JusticeQuackenbusb, a t theJe erson Market Police Court, a c fpreferred a complaint against William Carney, of No, 14$East Twenty-third street, for malicion- mischief. Tneormplatnant stated tbat be bought the premises oocopied,pieaentative— f^f ran cocmmaBcMajor AlexanderJIenry Judge John Cadf kllaier Hon.Wji.B.Reed, JamesDcndasJ. P. Botcbineon, H. P. BcKeanJoseph liarrison, .tr Edward King,!C. E. Fisher, Robert Smith,G.M.Wharton. W,H.Drayton toedepartureofthegnosisandsecurethemanunim-Ivery,muchastheywouldhavedoneatawi'.Jbeastshow.Matbias.Onthecontrary,Mr.GansrequeFUcstosayTHE DEPirrrURE FBOM ST. LOUIS, iFrom the, St. Louis Democrat, Sept 29England's young Prinoe of Wales and bis distinguished tince, he didn't make much use of the throne.comrmmots,withtheirattendants,leftSt.Louisat]half- Tbeinextproceedingwastostretchacordaboutpast eight o'clock yesterday morning for Cincinnati. bim and bis set, leaving room but for one nuadrilte. mak-Some sixty of the city police, In their new i.niform, were ing the little gentleman appear Uke a caged animal in a tbe 28th nit. on a charge of embezzlement, did not sell nr mustered on Second street, at Barnum's, both to honor menagerie, and I most -ay of the people that tbey all acted dispese of the notes placed in bis possession by Br. H.cars to insure the greatest possible security against acci-dent. The magnificent locomotive Boston was appropri-ated to tbe regal train. Sutiicient publicity had not beengiven to the arrangements to bring a large crowd. but thepeople gathered rapidly in considerable numbers and intoe erercire of anln«atiable curiosity. The travellers atonceenteredthetricarandseated themselves foraion-,othersideoftoeline,won'twc,B and pleasant ride, the Prince aad the Duke or Newcastle',young lades inuiscrimtnately. so that manv at leasti feel pretty If they are not so in reality. His mouthi is decidedly bad. and of his dancintr I must say their cars. i it has been much overrated by the newspaper-.! meet at all, but "as what cant be cured must be en-Rrx OVSR i.T AMOnxn rs. — K daughter of Robert Earner was knocked down by an omnibus In Broadway yesterday morning and wss badly hurt, but we hear is now in a fair way of recovery She was insensible for some time, butundertbeskilful ofticesofapassingstranger,Dr. Sly. of Maryland, her shoulder was promptly patin place and her wounds humanely dressed.CPAMMOJIDKESSSDV,THBBOYPP.F.A<srr.R.willpreach in the Antiocb Baptist Church, Peventh avenc*. near twelfthCredit ij due to the cltr police for the handsome andeiieciive attentions thev paid, under the instructloris oftbe Major, in preserving the royal party from the , were preparing to leave our port. The weather was ex- • The population of the counties of Licking and Miskin- pressure cf an intrusive crowd. Besides preventing ceedingly fine, and,the departure was witnessed by thou- gum, as shown by the census returns, is as follows:—strutt, when he acted so badly that Ben Reed got hi o by patient can bear It, and bind it around his throat, renew come and to extend to him such marks of attention and the bits and led him into the stable, where, after some vlrg it as often as toe gargle is administered, and in therespect as are one to tbe representative oia nation with ,strolling down and-'horse talk," his nerves were partally quieted, and Miss Denoison rode him away in tri-umph. Miss Dennisoc is a young lady apparent y about separately, or. If ibe prostriViou be grew;, ute both lo^to the courts for an injunction against tbe Central Cosajss he bad no previous id** of. recemmendirg the raising of an additional sum c* 160, As bis family are more or less masxa', Una "Baronbold" may have » Datura', desire to hear acme good mu- 000 for water purposes, and f»,000 for sewers Refer*sic. It is arranged, w e unientand, that Lord Ranfrowwill attend our Academy of Music, on toe evening of Wednesday.Oct.If,wherele Wllwitnesstoerepresentation of an- opera Irhlcfc Will aUow »im to hear all tbeprincipal female and male vocal performers in tbe l'nltedStates. ThlBWlll be his first opera erace be left home,and the only performance of tbis character which he wiuwitness in America nil the best msmuers of the LTl- , Law Committee. man & Strakosch troupe will perform The orchestramission to all parts of the Academy of Mns c. So doubt > perty in tbe several wards of tbe county, as compare1SIR—Your Royal Highness, your gram) the Duke ofNewcastle and gentlemen all, I welcome you to our fairgrounds, and believe me I consider it one of the happiestevents of my life that, as representative of our aasocia ! THE RECEFSTION O F T H E PRINCK O F W ALKS. . Real property....ji --'From the Boston Atlas and Bee, Oct 1 ]Tl e committee of tbe City Council, end also of that upon |12c274,0»|the year Amounts receivedCost of the iBStltctioa for too yearReport adopted:The report of the Committee on the Equal lz itlon of toowith 1859, showing the following aggregates for the wholePersonal property.TotalNet increaseAdopted.The Committee on General Taxes presented their re-port of estimated expense for the fiscal year, commencing \ August 1,1909, amounting to 9983,970, which they re-commended to be raised. Adopted.A statement of unpaid taxes In county towns, amount -ing to 1507 90, was presented, and referredAo the Com- mittee on (•enseal Taxes.TbeCommitteeonPenitentiary presented their report of expenses for pecttectisry purposes, for tbe year ending, July 81,1869, as follows:—ForsuppliesSalaries, ke.....'.troRRScnon.—We are requested to state that Mr. J. 2. Cans, broker, of No $6 Wall street, who was arrested onhas been discovered. Ibe diagnostic by which it is the letters of toe various intcrlptiioBs but eight inci'eeiThomas M. Tryniski**«•»«• mm,tweffty. v tb s keen black eye and msy cheeks, andtiouThe (restment. as may )«e ser.:, is extremeiywho wish to attend thisi>pera thou id telegl fenUi#3oroert as scon as rxsaible: and. in trder to d fern www.fultonhistory.com3F0u9ltSoeetnouNthew4tYheoSrtkr 13069getbersimple, and, if used in tbe earlier stages cf tbet, d.sfase,then lore, be ti:e««lveo\lhatsixm<rr.bersRfthisbodyandsixotherIwithalvtrj pretty besidesbeing'«<bravessJcl'us 