 of* IIbis ••isorth-OS*irn-im-ago aid >er» «e- icp~.• "BT8 tearif oil*,mfto a i*&; l t o the *e-.v *j»e©toil r a a l kniy ita.'<• •;sition, but there was nO development justifying eo, these gentlemen ought to show it at once by their i; ..** at recent incendiary proceedings at the North." such a probabflity immediately. In any event sev- votes. How can a man be considered a DemocratW e are informed that the persons discharged are eral of the latter will resist a coalition, and though when-he casts bis first vote here against the Demo-the purpose of those with whorhi he acted wouldhe . The steamship Indianola has arrived her^-wiJIt ofhistory. It would be a war of extermination unless made known when that question, comes j before theice* • t i * »af~ eenff a »y. »*^^*feB and Mir fiih|3oserat- »ur*>•era>oe-*•.;•'•erasay bethe' ed, be- 7 sti—the • o f as* ce.to^vuecor struggling Liberty in Mexico ? IN. Y . Times.- —."Wc do not mean to mafce a l»a«ine8S of Copying TheTmes's articles and answering them, since itclaimed, "How goodly are thy tents, O, Israel!" An excited debate ensued, ha which the views of* Henry Winter Davis were discussed. He was defend^^•<edywhentboy•eattheir ablestmenov^rthe seatoentreatfor jftflie sSlof*' foreism bayonets V* Or was it lawful for *trugj?ling Uberty in America to ask help then from a French Bourbon -Kins, and-i-s•It•i•n•to•lerable now for a -pDc»werfui American Republicmet last evening; Senator Crittenden in the chair. Progress was made in enlarging the Committee by selections of members from different States, and in ths arrangements for thorough organization throughout the country. The Committee have received what they conceive to be cheering evidences of the ripening of the people for this new party. A circular was ordered to be waned by the Secretary, and an address is inBAZ.TIMORK, Friday, Jan. 6, 1860. >f could charge them with having been false to their day spoke of the five Anti-Lecompton Democrats on ter breez.es blow. [Laughter.] It had been announced In the House of Delegates to-day, Mr. FreaherhV"professions. Some of them had been elected this floor, who had ca6t their votes for Speaker for what mountains had to be scaled, rivers passed, and troduced resolutions that John Shorman or any other especially as Anti-Administration "men, and . had one of their own number. The gentleman from. Penn- midnight darkness penetrated by those who were inalmost a bitter personal hostility to the Ad- sylvania (Mr. Hickman) asked what he meant by five search of the truth. These things beset the Barn- "BlackRepublican*' should not be elected Speaker, ministration. But iu organizing the House and putting Anti-Lecompton Democrats. In this he showed ex- burners of New-York [laughter], for they wandered and that if anymember from this State voted for htm:- in motion the machinery of Government they surely treme sensitiveness, and seemed to think he (Adrain) through byways until they roacnod some beetling cliff, or any such exceptionable candidate, he would forfeit; would not allow such motives to influence them. If intended to insinuate that he (Hickman) was not an from which they looked down on plains below and ex- the respect and confidence of thepeople of the State* they were still Democrats and opposed to Republican-**men could be obtained, was not warranted by any tlemen protested bythoir vervname that thev were. Tim K. K Herald states that Messrs. A. T. ' authorized declaration, and will not be sustained by still Democrats, and protest that they are not to be ^Stewart&Co.havethisweekdischargedoverfifty thefact, readout;,ofttheparty. Theyvclaimtohold,thepossible to whip the Southern States into submission, will be, made as uoon as the House organizes, will; side political power may be lodged, Dissolution,'is- net- tense,the courteous phrase of; TJieNcia-York Courier encounter that at the. threshold. Before he could among the impending evils -of this counter; but theisickness. As his friends were.unable to effect a pairtended that the South bad an indisputable right j for him, they were compelled as a bast resort, to send understood to be to report to Washington the conditio*Epromised land where principles are found, and wherei/.jetx&Kto,*-'*sad lastingly bitter and sanguinary, it i*fa» a-ttifewftnte' "• \ ' ' <' ! j 'muz y> mm?m$:•Mali Mi :m jyMjtkfyI'^gt&TXMI •<i II*hU.,.'*<*tilt; \a-*im \n iv>\h\'.<Ly*&*r T? .-U^.'l' --A -li-.ly ."J.a '.I. n ii n *»"ttyi '*li<\ii>X i*ti&•i(A.V...®A3W£; KEWE •,V•QfjijC^oic^vcHWaaiinflammatoryjournalscir- •••••-••'."''''"'•'.'^ •bv--.--v.*£%4$ &&&& ••:cstbe'here' and''foun<i„a man in. nonimatidn.'for that' was exercised by' otcdXOTeratibieirs in their. Revolution, ,/wo^v^|io^;.jtDake*,.airy' mote! argtunentalaoe'oii^iluiti.'.-CGdated ia t ^ Slave States, we again say, therefore,* 2*e Her*# is the'worst;' and W8 renewedly ap>highofficeWho'had,icnOrantiyandmnocehflyordot, andbytheu-forefski^^ahd'yetwheneverthia!peoplei point,asitwouldnotbechivalroustoattack.»'»maht recommendedthe-ciroubotionofso-vileandated-iOfthe;S^ulii'^llbs]tt^'>tt^Jr$'^''!•ioBn^tharright whenhecouldhavenoopportumtytorepljr.»« '^1ffringementofourrights,andtheUmohmustb^pre- oisus- a book, it was not strange ^iat they ehoold, they would have to appeal jtot itheeterharbitrament; Mr. MOORE-rThere is no' heed of attacking the,: **rrtff*g »«?*5W*3£ate MMm^&ti^fo1 peal to Mr. Postmaster Holt and his Virginia post- 1 :^*»as*«frfreecsors,toplaceitintielistofpapers T**m"obstinately and persistently Silent, refueingMo come the North,' the North wou^d not' alloy her to dp /Mr. ADRAIN was, in faVor of the eleotrenof a? will weaken, its bonds ot tend ftol ike *dtI know the power of yoor mighty engine for good or evil; Iknow its power in the hands of the un*crupulous and unworthy,t o excoriate, torture,'and to kill. Its deadly poison, worse thanShut' of Use sap, is disseminated; and where it does not kul, speech. pves agony. StUi, I do not fear it. -. To such unworthy and unholy use I called your attention, andand unite with the Democrats. He put it to those gen- it would stand recorded for evjer, on the brightestlegged yeu to spare those that could not endure it. If thi* is un- rgasowshV and bad tempered, be it so.f 1 OH not ask, and do not now, ask any favor at your hands. I told you what Ithougfat in plain, and in my opinion, proper infuufe. W>stlssid was unlike your arttcJeta this: Mine had the qnsiity of truth.lieved that the institutions of the South, upon whichits very existence depends, are sinful, a moral; andpoHtioal evil and and a social ulcer, were unwilling to.allow" them to attend' to 'their own disease. That was friends, the gentleman from Ohio would emphatically finances and the prospect of the gradual absorption of what the South complained of. They said to the* YoVasyt **if Mr. Whtting will state the facts, as he under-aiands them, or steiphj indicate any point or points, wherein ourparagraph of Monday did him injustice, we shall very gladly prin carry them until a Speaker is elected. . Necessity that.'* Imperial condescension'. Become your slave,' and unde: compelled a concession. ,, /the charge of proscription, and, in support of his po- sition, pointed to the fact, that the Americans last Autumn were the cause of electing one-half the New- York Democratic State Ticket. He was the only re- presentative here from the North as an embodiment of American sentiments, as forming a nucleus around which all National elements could rally.chise, he recommends additional. legislation, thjaldfctej the present .provisions of the constitution and statute book '. are found to be insufficient. . He refers to the Hiurper's Ferry affair as a reason for prompt legislation to encourage volunteer niifitary organizations, and ad- vises the thorough reorganization of the State militia; also, further legislation in' regard to the free negroyour Isoh, beg forgiveness for the blows you inflict!• No, Sk;w I do not fear your hostility, I scorntoaskyourADMISSION OF KANSAS.When Horace F . Clark asked the Democratic in, ta such eases, edkorialry nnprnfeMlonal), or Uke back your side, to-day, if they would vote for the admissionto ' do with the organization of this Housethan the Chinese war. He would never charge ing it would either tend to compose existing difficul-livor. XJmtH you give up your informant (which, I am informed, Kbelous articie, I shall bold myself at liberty to say to you whatuiworthy motives on any one, but might it not be said ties by showing the South that there is sufficient con-f think of KboJers. Yours, respectfully,of Kansas immediately, not one answered affirma- tively. M r . D e Jarnette of Virginia evaded the inquiry by saying he would meet it when the ques- tion wa8"presented. All Northern Democrats sat silent.that these men are embittered by party passion and havebecome so soured and morose that they are almost ma-lignant in their feeling against the dominant party ?Would they not stand before the country as disorgan- were solemnly appealed to to say whether or not they league that thus much was accomplished. He asked for whom Myers was agent He asks an appropria- izes?Theywerethewedgeseparatingthoselarger willsavethisUnionofourforefathers,ourbrethren themtobehot!merelyhalf-wayDemocrats,butalto- tiontodefraytheexpenseofatrialonawritolerret- elements which without them would be able to organ- of the North deliberately declared that the Union was gether, such as he was; from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, to test the/:Now ANDTHXIC.—THENEW-YORK TRIBUWKqlrnches a labored argument against the intervention of the United State* to support free institution* in Mexico by the fol- 3owi*,«cemphatic language: " T o propnp the cause or repubii- * cani«n by foreign bayonets, is to admit that it is lost beyond * remedy.'4ize. Was it not the part of manliness and patriotism not worth saving. Whenever that decision was made ; Mr. McKEON (Rep., N. Y.), asked Mr. Cochrane for them to lay aside' their personal grievances and the courte of the South would be plain, and she could whether he accepted the Buffalo platform. [Laughter. ]vaiidity of, the Pennsylvania act which presumes to-- Thi* seotesjoe roils finely from the pen, but it lestves some odd echoes upou the understanding. Did the American patriots ofgation, do that which would commend them to the ap- unto her, and he believed the God of battles would also Democratic party could bear even that; but let me ad- '!laever copies our replies; hut we for just this once, and say:waive thepoint•Anti-Lecompton Democrat. He j censured no man forOar fathers sought assistancefereigs sBatics, Hessian regiments,. and Indian devastatimK. Hadtheyhadbuttheirdomestic Tories to flog, they would have asked no odds, and seeded none. And had they been unable of them-selves to master the American Tories, we say theyle ft.:, - . . . • * ' * • • • • ' ; , ' •••'.'• • •Do you comprehend ?—•continuation of his remarks of yesterday. I t had not been his purpose to make a regular speech, or to enter at length upon a discussion cf the great questions which are now distracting the public mind. H e . hoped to take occasion at a future time to consider those questions. He desired to call attention now to a practical suggestion, in order to expedite an organization. He desired, if possible, to bring about some degree of harmony and concert ofaction among the three Conservative ele- ments on the floor; the three parties equally opposedand a patriotic spirit by act ing for themselves. If they ministration, or Lecompton Democrat.: The Americans' were willing at some time to vote with the De- and Republicans made no nomination. They chose tomocracy; why not do it now 1 What was to be gained should always feel grateful to his political opponents by delay ? Nothing but mere party pride stood in the for the 8upportthoy gave him in 1858. He differedway, and he asked them if they were not willing fco from Mr. Buchanan on Territorial policy, but that was sacrifice that on the altar of patriotism. He hade had made use of the term prescriptive, in speaking of the American party, but it was now like dissolving the views Of the .past.Jkt the Ute 10s«*»ippi Democratic State Convention * resolution. w*» passed ^inviting the cooperation oiailjKrtotu '•intheSs-Bth who believe that it i« the duty of Conges* to " pteteet «»weryinthe Territories." Immediately thereafter, aeversi leadlnic Opposition men t*ok seats in the Convention, sadooo oTtfaem (Senator Ctark) was chosen delegate to Charles-ftatkwA- Iv —Welti!suppose Senator Douglas should chance won't "Senator, '/<vhis sick room, Mr. COCHRANE withdrew his motion Ohio Bemoeratie State.C«tairemtto»^i- :,feoUsnswBi be here shortly. , T . •,There »R> many veeaela in the BOads an< much icethe Bay. and James Error. This harbor is stillassociations must necessarily arise. No man that acts as an isolated unit can expect to accomplish much, hence he was not 80 utterly impracticable as to refuse all counsel and guidance. From this inde- pendent stand-point he proposed to discuss the situa-It mattered not to argue whether they ought to be, oroucht not to be. He was speaking of facts—of what he. Republicans did not expect him to vote with their ence, as that of other nations;y.wxu verify it. The»'Arrest for Passing Counterfeit' *f• M o n e y . - •'.-'/•'::-"-..• BRANTFORO, C. W., Friday, JattSj jajpfejmtit open. I•knew to be true. It was uselessto ignore the tact party. ,Mr. Hickman,was interfering in,a matter with people of Massachusetts, under all cux-umstances, arethat the great mass of the Southern people were now Miles, and denied that there were twenty:three Soiith eonstitutioniU right, the^oxtension. of Slavery, the re- on the Bank of PhiUadelphaa, Wm Lottis; lastjfebrttiK .»w." fill cai *ee nd n*sti-*&*;orSttside* J>eath ^ I H ^ r S - w ^ tion of aflairs, and to throw out his suggestions. He in a state of terrible indignation and tremendous ex- Americans here ready to vote for a Democrat. l'; ; opening of the ioicign slave-trade,, the consolidation of His examination is now going on here, and an applroa-THitAOXJCFMix. Frsday, JanvW&Q&'Bishop Kewman of the Catholid Church fell in theye«tcrday sfternoon, dead^j of lisease of thehad said there were three parties here, all equally op-nofced to the Repulicans. These were the Demo-cratic party, constituting far the larger portiono T t h b «de of the House; the Anti^LecomptoaDemocrats, who were few m numbers.and the South-,era Oppo*i!ion, who, though respectable in point^ofnumbers, were a new party, still, as it wore, in the gm-tle,not having become suffictently^ompacted to have did a,Tv definite and settled poliov. Their first duty on They coming together was to elect a Speaker, and they fouad any vanimarked that the Southern Opposition would not vote tion upon the freedom of speech or the press, or of for a Democrat. If that wastrue; be had failed to have opinion. She oaks of the Government the neglect oft on will be made to the Government for the swrrehdw^ of the prisoner under the Ashburton treaty.A correspondent at Salem, V. Y.\ rtba munung of the 3d"fawfc^.-CiwciwrrATi, Friday, Jan. 6, y w ; ; 'helow zoro at that ptacs.boastingor^ bravadoto as tomSS t£if£|wWfcsnpartyhadnominatedamanobjec- & b l e , bot only aTanW>nenty>f Republican prln-k —Astong>tl**JS*«a»g**** **• W » J *BO icethftt *CXNCXNKATI, Friday, Jan. 6. « 2 v v Jud«e Joseph Barker, the oldest white **g*5?J. IL. WHITING.that in this great crisis, when the American people ed half the State ticket. He congratulated his col- fugitive shaves escapedfrom their masters in Maryland;'r—support him in preference to his competitor, and heabroad againstXXXVITH CONGRESS. FIRST SESSION.only practicable mode. For himself, he was a little dictates of his own judgment, and as he believes he'puzzled at their attitude. They were either the most can best carry out the principles on which he was travel the same road as himself.tobenominatedatCharleston:Wecan'tfindthe totheRepublicanparty.Heyieldedyesterdaytoa \< Clark." ieet particularly flat ? very happy colloquial debate, happy he thought in but we slwvld like its results, while he was going on to show why in time *0 attend that gathering; bis opinion the Democratic party proper was notAdjourned, -'v.•-•'•.Gov. Banks's Message.*i -Initpii :• mmAr- , v ',!••: r - v- •' - ——i TMiand when they found the Kepublicana remaining upon the• North, but becjuse being alienated from, : :v restoratieh of the Government 'to hd aaeu«'1 ;[LaugbteivJ - ; .-.ii %&ffi£S>Wr&fy' '••' *'''• ' ' : "'' i "Special DUpatchio Tbb K. Y. iTribtme.WASHXNCTTON, Friday, Jan. 6, 1860.ont,.asafewofthemhad{manfullydone,spurningit<peaeeablyr Theydidhot'fearthe>Vauntedsu> Speakerby/amajorityofvotes,butwould'votefor&V&&MItm,t/niou. Iumy,,judgment*Gm$»-the ^party gag and the party laeh, and repudiate and penorjty or the Norths and he ^ouMsimplr make the the plurality rule in the event the House could organ- tion^is end of the evils hot wftkm p t o | s ^ #condemnthatbook, it should not fail to concentrate suggestion that if the eighteen miluons of Northern ize in no other way. If the House follow the sugges- if it be within the purposes of hamau power. ' Therethe conservative side of the House against that party. fretmen did overrun the South, as had been threat- are stronger ai^sierner ties than those whiel tion ofrUxi Milesv that would lead^ toa dissolution;oftrue Democratic faith, from which they say the There was an evident pressure torday to force a great body of the partv has departed. But was not " their Seuthera trade, occasioned by the indigna- fusion between the Democrats and Southern oppo- one of the first principles of the Democracy opposi-and: Enquirer. His colleague, Mr.' Bonham, had en- deavored to demonstrate the absurdity of the thing as a matter of dollars and cents, but without any such calculatibh did not every man see that it was notanswer the interrogatory of Mr. Winslow, he desired forme of government are more imrmhont, and' mast- to be informed whether the Democratic party, of the challenge serious apprehensions of the friends ot coa~House intend to resist thet, application of Kansas-for titutional liberty. .: , . / , . , , . admission. That is a material/point whichj affectstheaction of all Anti-Lecomptonite«.t ^•>. .' , JDefeat oi Cortina. ^. ;Mr. DE JABNETTE #(Ad. DettU) Va.,) replied that NXW-ORLZAKS, Friday, Jan. 6j48Wt4jJerks* " i a consequence of the great falling off in, --'A: ARIZONA.There is no probability that a Territorial Gov-ernment will be established over Arizona this ses-"* THE POST-OFFICE SCRIP.Most banks here holding hypothecations of Post-Office scrips, for advances, have agreed to;and patriotic ground to stand upon in view of the dis- to the Constitution which our fathers framed and organized condition of the Government and the deplor- established with their life-blood were the great able situation of the mail service. Would they, from Southern statesmen. But Northern men, who be- mere party pride, stand aloof while, the honesthad said he would Vote for a Republican here rates. The market was firm at $1 05. ' » ? ra L*>f 3 in a party Sense; ' but he did not say that hecould never support such men as Corwin or Pen- nington, men- of national views, but not any,To the Associated Press.#punish as crime the lawful recapture of fugitives from- .wiongs,ifthey,haveany,and,byanactofself-abne- facetheworldinarms.Justiceandhonorwouldbe .Mr;COCHRANErespondedthatthepurityofthe tervice.•,';•-:..,••''•. •'.•'.;;•••::.•:.•.;.•:•••.-•••>/f»vdark's exit in case Ipougla* should be responsible for the non-organi7.ation. He thoughthe might speak impartially on that point, be- represent the sentiments of their constituents, and toto therather an outsider—a '*ort of political Arab. It was <A a- MercUxLJut of Boston. true he had hitherto been able to act with the BosTO!*,Friday,Jan-6,I860. Democratic organization, and trusted he might Mr. Joeepk Bradley, an aged aad distinguished mer- continue to do so, but he still held himself un- trammeled and independent, and" free to act as best might conduce to the iuterests of his im-BOSTON, Friday, Jan. 6,18G0.The Message of Gov. Banks, delivered to the Legis- Jewett..• -. : .,•' » .,• '.-•*•* •cause he was not a party man. He was regarded ascome here as the embodiment of the views and con- victions on all great questions that divide the coun- try. Either they did so or they didjnot, and there>;'$&. '-['^ n''>^-^x ':\'.-V s »'"••: ••'•CHiCAoo,Friday,Jan.6;I860;;::; Two of the Ottawa rescuers were brought "befoir*inference. Every man should take care of lus^wn stupendous public wrong ever committed in this coun- Judge Drummond of the United States Court yester- District. He had no right to interfere with, Em try, or that men will over live to commit; not because day. A motion was made to quash the indictment, (Adrain) and his constituents, or make inquiry as to ot its effect on Kansas, but that it initiated a policy of which will be argued this morning. Their bail wan' how he came by a seat here. If he was acceptable to violence inconsistent with liberty or just government, fixed at $1,500 each, which they declined to give, a n d ; the Americans and Republicans; it was because he was freedom of opinion, the interests of labor, w»*nghts of they were remanded to jail. *chant of tl>i>.city, died to-day*tion, and no better mode of doing it than by .a general election throughout the country.. He_made that proposition. Let us have a dissolution of Par-fectlyacceptabletoRepublicansathome?Mr. ADRAIN said Mr. Hickman had not mad^a fair The repeal of the Missouri Compromise was the mostmediate State. He was a State Rights man, and did liament now, and let us take the sense of the country.not lay any great stress upon party organization. The people were aroused upon the great issues that Arrived to-day, the steamship.[J> B. fidauldmg, of Congress assembled here as the representatives ot distract the country'more than they had been forNoaroLK, Friday^ Jan. .6, I860.the new fine connectwg* Boston and Memphis V»*"~ sovereign States, and it. was their duty to reflect the public sentiments and promote ^the immediate in-folk and the Korfolk and Peterabn^g Railroad. Three terests of their States, but m doing that politicalthe last half century, and he would say juet here togentlemen on the other side that they greatly under-rated the profound feeling now existing at the bputh.They were in a stato of. convulsion at the South.a Democi-at and nothing else. He had everywhere StateH, the equalitv of the people, the oUervimce of Soclaimed that he was. an Anti-Lecompton Democrat., the Constitutional "limitations, or the perpetuity of free e differed- from the Republicans on the subject of institutions. A violent poficy muse be sustained byCongressional intervention in the Territories. The violent measures. History,provesft, and our experi-•".,;'':•• ••'•-•.'•>• •; •••• v•', /Write* as that on ometer was 35°that acuteness necessary to obtain the irifonriation. Southern people, bei*g the sole J W & j g a g f t S i Ho was ready to makea choicebetweehthe candidatesbest for their interests, can, whenever they ehoose, of the Republican and Democratic parties. He couldno interest, State or nationid, hut" ctainxs protection for all, a»d is already to Concede the rights of others as toinaintainherown. She will support the Constitu- tion and the Union not because they are respected else wboro, but becauee she knows their cost and appre- ciates their value. The Revolution1 'bhj^"-;in';'Massa-,re at isavenna*,OCA ^ .»>f pt, Atigvutm Rswifagg^ ,*be fwstftaown corre-•moedeat til Leslie* lOustruUd Newspaper, fby "the Southern constituencies, on account of his connectionfa*** t o U s e t t i e d - b y . * b e ! ^ « * # t ^ ? o r T o l liave formed an alUance. He protested that suou a re- pendence was first contemplated; there fell the firstTheriflhtof a free people to change.their loim oi mark was-without foundation m fact. martvrs to libertv. The first British onsign was here. Ohiot died at hie residence in Newport, above. « a m * -Bev. Dr. Taylor of Grace Church, to Miss Unadilla JShxtesdotf, the niece of Gov. Dayton of Ncw-Je««y.S a r denoughTM Hethoughtthat whenSouthern menbv every tree people to every part of the woild. It Untitled Documentn,- ';fiWi^iii^^7<>'. .')0f<?'*f.J;5' r -YORK ©Aft!? tmmmm SATUKDAY, JAJWARY 7,•098TAOJHfttw 1ST • .~.^.rs +imU""tion oflaejxlhaats,below Mason and Dixonrs line tion to Republican doctrines, aims and purposes. If practicable ?' Hthe attempt was made to subdue thew>tfrom the wholesale department, as The Heraldthey believe the South would even stay whipped if it could ever be done ? Was that a characteristic of tho Anglo-SaxOnrace? But he believed the South wasHouse. He proceeded to allude to 'the resolutions unanimously passed by the Virginia Leguiiature, re- questing the members of (>ngress fromthht State to unite with the conservative element in the House forBrownsville dates of the 2d inst. ', , i wod* 7 5 Cortina, with 500 men, took the City of Rio Grsstde on the 24th ult., killing a number of citizens. . Subso- quently a body of troops and Rangers from BrewuiyfiBs* attacked Cortina, and retook the city after a bard fighty.capturing the guns of Cortina and sixty MexfcaWi Nine Americans were killed and sixteen wouudedLAmong the latter was Capt. Ford, who led the attaefc.- ,Cortinafledacrossthe river. :y.'..//•• ,V-V;. • - T - , • " ' • • • • ';:•-?,: , Arrival of tlie Overland ITIail. s.'"*''' _ ST. Lours, Friday, Jan. 6,186°. » The Overland Mail, with San Francisco dates^lSfe*lGth ult., reached Jefferson City, Missouri, abo«t V o'clock to-day. " •' .. ...D. FJ Belknap hadLbeenapjpointed AdnimLBtrato*:4f* the estate of the bate SenatordBroderick. > ' .':^^? ;Four hundred and fifty Indians had been captured ! in the Pitt River region by Gen. Kibbe; They arrivwd^ in San Francisco on the 14th ult., and were to be put - on board the brig Janette, for transportation to Qm Mendocino Reservation, where the U. S. Saperintond- - ent of Indian Affairs had made arrangements for their.reception. ,. •,',• . .,••'::.;'.H>„^v&e. Gen. Totten arrived at San Francisco on the 12th ult. by the steamship Golden.Age. His mission wasshouldvthe plurality be granted, the contest will be voted for the Republican nominee, he considered them I would imply, but from the retail department The close, and probably reduced to two or three votes. Republicans. That was his common sense view of the5aierenee%otu,d rather seem to be that the business ;So*f tms^xteasive establishment has fallen off, not at lie South, but he«v -Is it.becauso Mr. Stewart i a s put himself prominently forward as a supportermatter. The record was always the oriterion of politi- Mr. Sherman's friends are willing to take the cal affinity; but as far as regarded these anti-Lecomp-hazard, rather than protract the organization.MR. BRIGOS'S POSITION.impregnable, and had no apprehension as to the result the purpose of defeating the election of a Republican of any armed invasion of her territory.'. Some gentler Speaker. Those resolutions reflect the public senti- men seemed to think the tafk of disunion so prepos- ment of Virginia, as expressed in public meetings mMr. Briggs's speech left his position as undecided-of the great SouthernLDisunion Conspiracy that as heretofore, though with less significance, against gentlemen who had voted for Mr. Maynard of Term., free Government unprecedented and impossible ?the observance of the guarantees of jbhe Constitution, andreplybvforcetoanyviolationsofthem. Thisis not the result of sudden impulse, but of long-continued.theNorthernfriendsoftheUnionarewithdrawing their custom from his shop ?whd,inhisspeechinfaycroftheadmissionofEansas. Revolutions only rise among,sensibleandcivilized Mr. Sherman. He did not deny having committed in the last Congress, took 'strong ground ia'favor;of races, arid there was nothing to make them impossi-—But, after all, the dismissal of healthy young ganization. : fellows from the business of selling tape and bobbin, ;THE BALLOT.to be regarded as American.- men treat this great question of disunion and Theyhave yielded to those aggressions forithe sake of Mr. MULES replied that in his judgment they were revolution with levity ? He found it was ia conse- the Union; but their expulsion from the common Ter- not. For one, he would rather vote for an American quence of a growing disposition.in this country to ritories of the nation can only be done-upon the hy-more decorous terms than that we noticed yester- Mr. Schwartz, who has been sick for a month, his own vote for a Republican made him a Republi-great mission, its legitimate ends and purposes, a free and intelligent people would submit no longer to its rule. That was a characteristic of our race, for we-day. Wishing every reader who does not«recollect and attended the session against the protest of his it to turn to our paper of Monday last and read the physician, was induced to pair to-day, by urgentcan?'-paragraph which is the alleged provocation of these appeals to his friends, being in unfit condition to hit own question to his own satisfaction. to change their form of government, and were epistle*, we simply print. Mr. Whiting's latest remain. Mr. HASKLN referred to the fact that Mr. Maynard responsible alone to the public opinion of nations andfor him.. H e moved to adjourn,Mr. COLFAX (Rep., Ind.) remarked that he hadbeen authorized to pair Mr. Reynolds off with a Demo- crat.Mr. COCHRANE did not consider Mr. Reynolds in the same position as Mr. Curry, politically.of the fortifications and military requirements of tho Pacific coast.F. L. Horn, a tobacco merchant of iSan Fraaoiseo.. had failed for $15,000. );..The Democratic press of the State were discussing with some warmth the matter of the appoihimeatot delegates to the Charleston Convention. < *The Administration Democrats, having control of the organization of the party, appeared disposed to! postpone the calling of the State Convention until after the Legislature had elected a United States Senator h* place of Mr..'Brcdcrick. ' , ,-The new United States steamer Saginaw had just been completed at Mare Island. She made a aaoceea- ful experimental trip on the I5th ult.Arrived at San Francisco Dec. 15, ship Morning'. Light, from Boston; bark Mazarine, from Newcastle, N. 8. W.; steamer Orizaba, from Panama., Sailed from San Francisco Dec. 12, ship Wild Rover,'missive and leave it without comment.-•was an elector for Fillmore and Donelson, and the impartial judgmenfof history. He repeated that MR. BROWN. that he was a strenuous advocate of American princi- this was an eminently appropriate time to take- theIt is positively ascertained that Mr. Brown of ples, and he Would like to: know whether, in the opin- sense of the people of the country. If they could not, NK-W-YOXX, Jan. 6,18C0. HoKACK GxxxLXT, WKJ.—Str : Yoo «iy you cannot priat my'ion of the gentleman from South Carolina, a vote for Kentucky will not vote for Speaker under any cir- him by a Democrat made that Democrat, ipsofacto, anorganize the House, let them at least eleet a tem-Totter of yw«©nl»7, "because it throws no light upon the •object" cumstances. H e attains his constitutional age in American?porary Speaker, and make those appropriations ne-. cessary to save the credit of the Government. Then j .Mr. HICKMAN (Anti-L. Dem., Penn.) claimed thewith this Helper book, about which they had already C o v S m c n t could no\ be questioned, ^wasexeretsedMr. COX expressed the hope" that the gentleman struck to Americun seamen, and here was first uufurfod a, this morning.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069**iHi iyS>>•*"*&***&+*.**¥&•*t*$MJr*i<*•«;•:vi&M•XVi•y-r-*.>»',. iMmI f.^Jr^jW .'i,*»W0fyf,^-—"-..•• . •JfllW?^^^^party pride between the Anti-Lecompton men and the Soor men against the bloated aristocrats. The South Southern Opposition as to which should first go over esired only to live in amity and fraternal love, andarrival of the Morning Light, from Boston; but busi- ness had relapsed into its old, dull state, and the dispo- sition of the whole jobbing trade was not to purchase a dollar's worth of merchandise unless absolutely nec-———~—IIff*moeDonnce Jhim .as utterly unfit to preside over them; of arms, not because they wouWLdesire... to make war gentleman • now. I can attack him at any time." GovdrnOr further says: Nor do I apprehejid to :;\ . which those self-elected robbers of the mail-bags dare to amy shall not circulate on the forbidden ; ground. You pretend, Mr. Holt, to be the guardian - *nd protector of Virginia tranquillity. If you arewhatyoupretend-—ifyourcreatinesarewhatthey itedresponsefromtheDemocraticside;andlike innominationagentleman concededtobeem- onlybegun.TheBritishonceoverranthesoilofhis ChargedbyMr.Miles,unlessitcanIwshownthat themselvesthenryriadsofbttbbE%springsandmoV»- pretend to be—dare you stand silent and dumb, inenUy .qualified for the position, and hav State, but they did not hold it.. No power on earth c their,five votes caiielect a Speaker. ' • tain rivulets that have nourished the father Of riveasMr. "Winelow's for a conference among the three ing voted for . him till it became apparent could hold in subjection by standing armies any por- Mr. CLARK (A. L. Dem., N. Y) denied that the from the-time- when., the evening and TM<*rtxm« nr**»V while these examples of arson and murder are held elements adverse to Mr. Sherman, made no impres- that he could not be elected, they abandoned him for tion of the;Anglo-Saxon.people. The thing was; sim- Lecompton issueK dead,as had been deebwed. The first sung together. * Tlie Atlantic coast is susceotibha enticingly before the oppressed and incendiary peo- sion On the House. The assumption of Mr. Miles one and another of the conservative members. The ply an absurdity. Would they keep a standing army Lecompton Constitution was dead, and' it deserved to of separation upon physical con«deratidh«';i>^ffi8^»-.country might well ask who were responsible for the and garrisons at every point ? Did they suppose that die, and when it died it killed its authors; but the session of such cities as New-York, Philade&faia, aadt. -. pie La Slavery, whose revenges you profess so much that the whole Southern Opposition would unite on failure to unite the conservative, elements of the any portion of the American people could be held in Kansas controversy is by no means ended. The English Boston, that pay four-fifths of the revenue ofthe Gov- to fear,* a Democrat for Speaker, if the Anti-Lecompton House. In his judgment the responsibility rested subjection as Austria held Lombardy and Venetia X bilk which passed both Houses, remains in full force, ernment, will be of sufficient importance to'fiomto--with the Anti-Lecompton Democrats. Those gen- He put it to any man of common sense Whether it was arid the application for admission by Kansas, which gether the eastern line of States; On whichsoever-1Therefore, their natund opposition to tbe Republican ened/if they did carry fire ana sword throughout the Hniop. 'When-the; House cannothe Organized ex- from the wish or will of interested mem The P*\ci: of-affaire., Who were responsible for the non-organ- blood,, burn down every! hamlet, and destroy all | it are faction the Mississippi must possess the. power to <A KfcW DEAL PROPOSED.Mr. Mfles'a proposition: for members to resign party had been intensified by the peculiar condition all thevlanayi if they did deluge the whole land••with • ceptby theuplurality rule, those who dohot vote for coast is an mdivisiMe empire;' ''Wnberer shall!actionists andrdisorganizers. The Anti-Lecomp-and return to their constituencies, received a lim- ization of the House ? The Democratic, party, placed their crops,, they would then find that the war had tonites should not be regarded as disorganizes, as was rolling floods anddesweate its bea>and torn backuposSouth it would result in a war so calamitous, so ter- rible, that the parallel of it never yet blotted the pagesracy; and for a Republican. : As for those who had terms of peace were very soon proposed. Did*on men who had not yet voted for the Republican can-d;date, they were at this moment responsible for thenon-organization. ':. •. ,\ ; terous that they:dismissed it with a smile, but were sixty counties in that State. The people ofMr. HASEIN (Anti-L. Dem., N. Y.) •asked if those revolutions aria changes of forms of^Government to a Virginia are determined, m future, to nemandhimself in the canvass in favor of a Republican or- American principles, werehot by the same reasoning ble in this country. Why should sensible, patriotic and careful observance of the aggressions or the North.than a Republican, and at the time Mr. Maynard was overlook the true ends and purposes of Government. pothesis that they are unequal, and to that they never There was one ballot to-day, in which Mr. Sher- voted for there was no Democratic nominee. He was accustomed to investigate first principles, and will submit. This purpose was the only object forfcenind a counter cannot be regarded as a calamity.'-JLet them go to work on the land, or in some other man lacked three of an election. Most pairs haveu- Mr. HASK.IN asked if it made Mr. .Maynard was not satiefied with empty names,and party rallyingwhich the Republican partv was formed. The Repub- licans indirectly indorse John Brown and indorse the Helper book. He said' that Mr. Seward stood before the country as a perjured traitor, and this man, his hands stained with the blood of our citizens, it was proposed to elect as our President. He might be President for the North, but never for the South.Mr. JOHN COCHRANE (Ad. Dem., N. Y.) said that the Democrats were not yet prepared to vote for Speaker, as Mr. Curry is confined to his bed throughmanly occupation." = v,expired, there being only twelve absentees. Mr. a Democrat to vote for Mr. Bocock. He supposed isms, which would avail no more in times of excite-that the National Conventions were the proper bodies ment to allay agitation or give confidence to the Davis of Indiana obtained nine votes, after the to determine what was Democracy and what was Re- people,' than would the bleating of dumb animals.Mr. James E. Whiting has written us another humiliating exhibition yesterday, among whom was publicanism. When any Government, no matter how admirable r Mr. MILES would ask the gentleman from New- its formation, how perfect its theory, how glorious.letter, in ih& same spirit, though in somewhat Horace Clark. York a question in reply. Did the gentleman thiok and endearing its associations, failed, to fulfill itsMr. HASKDNT—It does not. . . .Mr. MILES said, then the gentleman had answered all came from pretty nearly the same stock. He con-.:MMr. MDLES^-To that I in my judgment, it did not.replymost distinctly thatfloor, in order to move the plurality rule.i] Mr. HOUSTON (Adm. JDem., Ala.) regarded thecourse of Mr. Hickman, in offering to amend the mo- tion to proceed to "election, as unprecedented and un- parliamentary.Mr, BRIGGS (Rep., N. Y.) wished to define-his po- sition. He had been assailed by private letters and telegraphic dispatches, and by a person claiming to be his constituent. He had endeavored to prevail upon him to pursue a course contrary to what he had marked out for himself A paper at Keeseville hadcopied what•«f yo«r «rtici«y of Moivday last.| &tthatartloi»3mistate thus: " W e toara opon Inquiry, how-**eiTT, thwtthe Stcpurrimnu, and thohr connw.1, Mr. Whiting, are ** ojksn to'Ike 6easax«, which it appears WM du« to the Comity Tiwmuvi.'*wad. Htm deliberately proceed to libel me.| Y<m jsflfcy wrote from a desire to injur* my profemiorisl char- act«r, or to gratify your own, or the malice of your informant.To-dsnr you take nothing bsck of what yoo have published; make 't» apology for the falsehood of your Informant, bat call on m« to "•* state the Swrta," as I understand them.. WOl yot» w o e yoar *• mfonnant," that I may confront him 1 Inot now call upon your hrformant 1 You strike the blow, and guerrillas, were mainly unfounded and exagger- refused to suport him. dancer, who would not hear the distant moaning right when he said that he (Briggs) would scorn to vio-suppose not. I am to bc stabbed in. the dark, andbefore you with- «iraw your stZBetto, you ask me to correct your stoiy.THE BROWSVILLE MATTER..purported to be an extract from The Courier and En- fortJallao;, British ship Bramleymore, for do.; 13th,June.. Mr. Stallworth is expected umzediately, and hisMr.'HASKIN was informed that Messrs. Fillmorelet them resign jheir seats as members of this body, and appeal to their constituents on the great ques- tions of the day. He made that proposition in perfect,•§if:nand Donelson were both members of the order.,Mr. MILES eaid Mr. Fillmore was juet as dead an good faith. If they looked merely to personal con-venience and personal interest they would find ism as could be possible. [Laughter.] There was no plenty of objections, and no one would subject the Mr. Bright of Indiana is represented as saying, use in these resurrections oi dead isms. That many of country, to the excitement and expense of a general them voted for Mr. Maynard .who had affiliated with election, xmle68 some, great object was to be accom-presence will fill the House.MR. ©AvWs SPEECH.after Mr. Davis's speech yesterday, he would rather vote for Mr. Sherman than him.Americanism, proved nothing more than that they werewilb'ng to yield something to accomplish a great patri- Elished; but if they were all to resign and go home, otic purpose; He was willing, '.to-day, to vote for an e believed the new Congress which would be re- American, in order to defeat the Republicans. turned would be able to organize the very first hourMr. HASKIN had voted for Mr. Gilmer, and^would it assembled. Was the condition of the count;ry such quirer, in which it was represented that he (Briggs) •your Ubei ? It seem* you preferred to inquire elsewhere ? Why man had opposed Lecompton Democrats, that side had lous gentlemen, who could not believe there was any his word and elected him. The Keeseville editor wasReliable intelligence states that the recent re-" Why did you sot inquire of me before you wrote and published ports of attacks on Brownsville by Cortina and again if he could elect him; but because that gentle-/ as to call for this extraordinary remedy?. Incredu- said he was with the Republicans, who . took him atship Warhawk, for do. . .An application had been made by Judge Terry for amandamus to compel the County Clerk to transfer'the indictment against him for killing Senator Broderiek to the Fourth District Court. The case was argued on the 12th, and the application refused. The case was forthwith appealed to the Supreme Court."Col. Fremont had obtained .possession of all themines adjudged to him by the decision of the Courts,without any violent collision with the adverse claim-:ants. - .... ;••' -;-(':•'•;..•,•;•>'[ ';$$')!•/fr{,:*- -: *then ask for the truth! .One pnrpose of my letter -was your own e«peci«l benefit. Theated; that they were designed principally forvthe re- establishment of a military post there, with a largeMr. MILES would not vote for Mr. Gilmer.under any of the tempest, nor the trees of the distant inoun-. late any honorable pledge., His political position hadfurther, as Mr. Gilmer was now a candidate. He Disunion, j».nd talk pleasantly.abont hanging traitors, hope it will cure yon of the disease to which I referred. Another collection of troops and expenditures, and to au- claimed the right to exercise his private judgment iu might not suppose there was such a necessity, but, the,'tone of your article this morning shows it has had some effect. Iwere few. The great majority of the people North and South believed^ that> this <souritry is in more danger pow tbanitlms been for a generation, and' were sin- •stateoMmtafalse;andyetyonsay"itthrowsnolightuponthe wasnooccasionforanyalarm,andthatthewhole forthetimebeing,aRepublican.""'A4iy^artywouldbe cerelydesirous of composing the sectional strife Subject;" that my letter is •••very unreasonable and bad'tem- affair was a selfish contrivance. willing to compromise with the gentleman on such which has so- long rent and distracted the nation.w** to pctrrent similar Laceration* of the character of others less ahie to beau:it.thorize the calling out of Texas volunteers at.Gov- ernment expense., Officers of the army write thereregard towhom he would vote for, and when the gen-In my letter to you I pronounced the article a libel and thenominee, a^dvotedfor-Limi|xe^wia8,to that extent, andjpered leUer;" Umi for this, and the want of " light" to be de- xired from it, you cannot print it.' You are willing that your readers should be kept in ignorance of the language of my letter, and, to excuse yourself from permlt-THE DISUNION MOVEMENT.It is well understood now that Virginia will take no steps to second the disunion movement, pro-He found the American party existing, and^in the • Advices from Japan by the Russian war vessel No-language of Webster, where was he to go ? He was vick, state that Mr. Hodson, British Consul, had ar- terms, allowing him ahyays<to speak against them and The South desired peace and security; they were riotldng hesitating, arid connected himself with that rived at Hakodadi, and in conjunction with the Russian vote with them. [Laughter.] But he was showing that Weary of incessant agitation. The North said the party. He traced his political career down to the bast. authorities had made a pressing demand on the Ja-n1SiBgtheworid to judge ot it, choose to say that it is both " un-reasonable and bad-tempered." Pray answer me, was your ar- posed by South Carolina, and that Mr. Neminger,ticle reasonable and well-tempered ? It charged me with either Commissioner of the latter, will effect nothing by ignorance or corruption—perhaps both. This, in your opinion, his mission. Mr. Wise's policy of contepding for was reasonable ami proj*r. I do not agree with you; thereforeZ addressed you, not in language of abject fear.the responsibilityfor not organizing rested on the shoul- ders of those Anti-Lecompton'men, who have voted nei- ther for the Republican;; nor for the Democratic candid-South was the agitator—the old story of the wolf and the lamb. The South did not interfere'jin the home af- fairs of the North, delivered no lectures attacking theirCongressional election. His party were unanimous, of course, against the Kaneas policy of the Adminis- tration, and the Republicans shared in the opposition. Eight or nine Republican members owe their electionpanese Government to remove the restrictions placed upon commerce, which, after thexchange of diplomatic notes, had resulted in the promise that all the troubles; should be remedied after a little while. . . . .circumstances, but he would not pursue that matter tain peaks struggle in the gale, who sneer at the talk ofbeen known to every man, woman, and child, for the bast'twenty, years. He was formerly a Whig;, in 1855 he was elected as the Whig'delerate'to the .Syracuse Convention; but, being satisfied there was a conspira- cy to aimihUate that party, he remained at home. That was the first known of the Republican party.tlemen from Now York wont, over to the Republican Tate, because it is well known and understood that the social usages, customs, and institutions, stirred up no Southern Opposition would cast their votes with them heart-burnings, made no appeals to the passions ofif they wore united, and they could immediately elect their laboring chisses in times of pressure and want, a Speaker.' It was, therefore, simply a question-of sent no incendiaiy letters or emissaries to rouse theto the American element. He came there as an - More animation in tho market was occasioned by theSouthern Rights inside of the Union, has defeatedthe programme of the nullifiers. Mr. Pryor tooksubstantially the same ground here . in his recent tlemen of both parties whether that was really a high pages of American history, that the truest men policy or principle he had ever maintained. He never reached 24,000 gallons, and holders had advanced theircontractors, to whom-monejrwas due, Were reducedto the very verge of ruin and bankruptcy. The Le-compton Democrats claimed to differ from their partyonly on a single issue, andthat issue one of the past,wonld that handful of men continue to maintain such aposition before the country, refusing to unite withtheir party when it was a matter of demonstration thatwhen they would do so they would at once organizethe House'? The Lecompton iseue did not enter intothe consideration of any sensible man at this moment,in any part of the land. Lecompton had no morewho could indorse" the sentiments of Helper's book.He believed that Mr. Sherman repudiated such senti-ments, and' were it not that he is re'strained by his He congratulates/ the citizens on the state of thoWASHINOTOST, Friday, Jan. 6, 1860.TTTffstisii Ihsl trir eause of republicanism wus lost beyond rrm- The National Union Executive Central Committee citizens would blame them for such an act, and nobody Mr. ADRAIN (An'ti-L. Dem., N. J.) said he yester- pests of the past and•' advance to where calm and bet- M a r y l a n d H o u s e o f d e l e g a t e s * •',,-Ccourse of preparation-"ism, now was the time for them to show it in thehis vote.' Every man ought to vote according to the[Laughter.l He made an appeal to his friends on the ed bv bis friends, who declared him to be true to-tth#> opposite side of the House to reform their politics, and South. The debate,was progressing When the car*>North, u We do not want your doctrines; let us alone.". All they asked was to be let alone; and yet Shivery aggression was the key note of almost all the Abolition tirades. The South was willing to go before the world on the impartial record of history, and take the judgment of the nations of the earth. In Conclusion ho again urged his proposition, believ-so declare. In reply to John Cochrane's remarks, the State debt by tbe sin.^ing funo^ now rising of five made the other day, he defended the Americans from millions. Referring to tue frauds in the elective fran-probation of all good men ? No class of their fello w- be on her side. '„ .,; viee the gentleman to forsake the miserjiesaudtem-vacillating and uncertain of men, and dread- elected. He should have been glad if Mr. Hickman Mr.,STANTON (Rep., Ohio)—What will'they find fully exercised to know whichway to g"o,orthey hadhotsosoongoneoverto the Republicans,for an. attheendoftheroad—anyspoils1 werepracticingreticencewhichwasuseless,uuwise, Anti-LecomptonDemocratmighthavebeenelected.: Mr.COCHRANE—Oh.youwillnotfindtheflesh,Extensive Robbery in Maryland. BAT-TXMORK,Friday,Jan;6,I860.'; The safe in Hamilton Easter's extensive dry gooda. fairly, and then prove their faith by their works T But New-York, Mr. Davis of Indiana, or any other. the lion and lamb lie down together. [Roars'of establishment on Baltimore street was robbed, during.SENATE WASHINGTON, Jan. 6, 1860. and unmanly. Why should they not at once tefi the A sufficient number of votes can be given to an pots of Egypt. [Laughter.J You may find theThe Senate is not in session.^*HOUSE OE REPRESENTATIVES.House what course they will pursue, openly.and Anti-Lecompton Democrat, for Mr. Clark ofwhile he thought .the Anti Lecompton men should, The House could then be organized at once. He was laughter.] You will find it is the/Democracy which last night, of $1,400 in notes and cash, and dxato'tothe value of $5,000, and railroad bonds for « 0 0 0 ^ James E. Thomas, salesman, wa3 arrested to^auPt on. suspicion of committing the robbery. An. aflwwapace,,. named William Jones, has not yet Seen>.'.•/; «f i"•.•"Mr. Curry having been brought to the House fromto adjourn. ltake the first responsibility he also thought the Southought vat to have been helped from abroad to do it. Mr. MILES (Dem., S. C.,) addressed the House in era Opposition would show a magnanimous, manly elected as an Anti-Lecompton Democrat against an Ad- Eervades, and will save the Union.. He did not knowCWCIKSA TI, Fxid*ti Jan. 6,186*.: •» no reason to hope that these suggestions would rio evidence he was not a Democrat. He conceived it The House proceeded to a vote, which resulted as The Ohio Democratic State> C^vention met athave more influence than others which had been was evidence that he was a Democrat, because he follows:Columbus vesterday. The Uon, William Bi Woods 4 Resolutions were adopted by a large majority de-'...;.. 3 claring Stephen A. Douglas the favorite of the Ohio 16 Democracy,andinstructingthe.delegatesto-tfca-? Charleston Convention to cast then* entire voWfoe;The Convention elected the following gentlemen as• delegates to the Charleston Convention: George E. Pugh, D. P- Rhodes, George W. McCook, and H. J.; was opposed to the Administration. The editor of Tlie he had a proposition to make, and he asked the atten- Trenton American said be and Mr.Riggs had bsenWuole number of votesNecessary to a choiceSherman ,McCleniana.... .;...... Bocock....ii..;............32JScattering.......;;. 13 9urged. Bui suppose that all efforts should fail, then223 Qnarlestion of the House to it. for he made it in good faith, earnestnessandsincerity.If,afterbeingthreeweary weeks longer, they found it utterly impossible to or- ganize this House, why should not they follow the example of their brethren in England ? Let them appeal to the people. They professed to37 Honstonfcwas nobetter tune than this to tost that ques-lature to-day, mainly relates 'to affairs of the Common- wealth, which are represented to be in a prosperous condition. ^ The Governor devotes some space to the presentexcitingNationalquestion,inwhichhesays,The—Ottawa Rescners. .i •<take their destinies into "their not care, therefore,' W ^ & g f f i indulge mwhat_ theymake a choice between tho devil and a witch. [Laugh-ter.] If the Anti-Lecomptonites have a choice, let themcome to the scratch, and Vote for a Deinocrat in prefer-'ence to aRopublican. ;The gentleman from Ohio (MrV chusetts. Here arose the earliest dissension with the <%)said,theotherday,if%hadhotbeenforBrown'»i mothercountry,.rHerethepeople nrirt«prepa*edfori. raid, the Soutbera Opposition and Republicans;'Would revolt. Her patriots ; were first proscribed. Inde-A fire at Ravenna, Ohio, thisthe Prentiss House, Prentiss ot Ho Beckley> stoye^store. !..vLfl«a,;#S$,:woirm^^^!M».f*consistent in their votes here, and that neither the Re- publicansnorDemocratscouldhaveanyfaulttofind. Mr. HICKMAN (A. L. Dem;,Penn.)asked whether Mr. Adrai'n received more Republican than Democraticvotes. ', • v. '•'Mr. ADRAIN—I received more Republican thanDemocratic votes. . • '•",.Mr. HICKMAN—-Did the Republicans give up thefield?''; v •'. hi: ..•.:. >•; .-.<• Mr. ADRAHT—They made no nomination.Mr. HICKMAN—Did you not assume ground, per-112 iJavis (Ind.) .....109 Gilmer7TTiiiMH-M»II*•"saaumAmerican, opposed to the Kansas policy of the Admin-istration; In his District he was nominated by Ameri-caxs and supported by Republicans. His "party wasnot sufficient m number to return him here. Nonehad ever approached him to ask him to abandon any essary to fill orders. The receipts of turpentine hadJOHN COCHRANE, in reply, said there was at population. He refers to the imprisonment'of Eman- the last Fall election a body of p'atriotic men who ap- uel Myers, a citizen of Maryland, in Pennsylvania, on. future, or that it would put on solemn record the fact proached half way tothe Democratic party, and elect- the charge of kidnapping, for bringing back certainservatism at the North to protect all her rights in theA man named Joseph Bogard was arrested yesterday which he had nothing to do. He differed from Mr. imflexibly^opposed-i'.to,'ia<«*--TM **&* by every* at Paris, C. W., for passing $6,000 in counterfeit mobW,'citement. If that could not be demonstrated, then itwasimpossibletoproveanything"by ku^?Xjf5f:-' •JfelW (S.Am.,Ky.)saidMr.Adrainhadre- despotic,power in.tbe. Federal Government, or-restric-His position in the mutter was^simply, this: that the.-... -,.i ,.Governor ot Maryland's Metwaftfe* • ' BAtTiMoi^E, Friday, Jan. 6, i860., .Tho Governor's. Message was transmitted to-day. www.fultonhistory.com 