 YOL.BU-NO.9SS2. FROM WASHINGTON.ftrtlic flapprcssion of tke Stave-Trade.NEW-YORK,WEDNESDAY,MARCH21. 1660.PRICETWOCENTS.—WITHAsrPPLEMEMT.WManrarcs, Tkwd%r, MwebMk UTOB wnsoa axd tu SLAVi-vmAm.pieiTlding for cztlBgulahiag the title to tha land.Mr. Masea, ofVirglala, (Dem.,) was opposed to aeqalilag aay more tenltory, and mored to atrifceNo ouir,^S?«TM^"tI'*'^^"''THE CONirECTICVT CAHPAION. toeir^Lrofo'tore'rTaceue"a^^S-o^rd'?^^!^"f!:?n'n'to* crlmlna). But I shall be told that there •* ao 4~_-_nil An rm aicAEAinrAn trkatt.;Teas,5.by the laarsof ysai onn Stale, are mainatoed aad respected In the aeir SUmford, ntimbering therefore, would be tbe inevitable results fojlowlog land of your adoptioB. As well may It be said that few daya, with Gen. Maii5 and most of tbe prisoners over one hundred, now entered the Hail with toeir toe eia<flcatIon of this evil. He must be blind, in- tbe relation between father and ehlM or haifaaadaal•^ Ihey aatieipatcd. TBIBXeOTIATIOllVITBH0KDVBA8.rFsolniion, that Congress adjourn from April 20 to Huy20,1860. Objectedto. Laidover.trat tbe South will submit. My friends, be not de-ofmy fiteids. if tols argument bold goud wIto refereaeakawevar, made la good faith by the Senate, Ur. Bo' taken up.r aaya, ahall be reapaoted by him in aobaeqaeot Mi. BsAsa, of N'orth Carolina, (Dem.,) spokemigrates to New. Mexico and tokes with him his cat-In tbe war same foottog.of 1812. in wbicb, under toe leadership of Annesw property, and by the Ckinsututloa Slavery has a fallJicxsoir and otoer Soutoem tenemls, she maintained recognition and Indorsement. South CarolIi.a ownatbe honor and good name of the countrythough i<ot least, in toe warwito Mexico, in which every risht within either of them to tt tbey iiiiiiw at"op- pression far less repugnant than tbat we are now at-;'I thank you for this reception. It ia indicative of no adverse impieselon. It assures me that lam not Q. irjurlfiusly ptejar^ged. \cu are wlDliig to llsien to n.e tor tbe cause, and if 1 am not successful In im- parting light to an sudlenrc so IntellUeot as this, toeaa with tha Central American Statea. TBCOOXRSTID SBAT OF MB. 8ICKLXS.againsttbepa>ment. Hethoughtnosuchclaim cou'.dbemadeunderthetreaty. NoactionofCon- gress had authorised sucb a claim, and If there everAdministration ia particularly gratified, and the fuUowaIn the war of toe Amertcan Revolution, in which their.^ka dlacaaakin of tbe Sickle*' contested aeat cue was ruch a claim, tbe claimaota bad already been ma epcaed In the Botue to-day, and Mr. Sicsua will paid more than the just demands. He went over tbeIrrepreaslble confiict may be oversliadowed by a con- flict of more practical importance.; tempting to force upon tnem andagain.tbe laws of toat State slavesBy aradkae tt to-merrow. It la excitiog more than oatialMa«aamoacnemben,aslquiteacrowdappearedfc Ika galleiica. Mr. S:cku a feels quite confident of juries of tbe late iBTasioo, under which these clalmanovelty ot the attempt, wil), at least, command atlenL'on. Nor let it be frienis, tbat en- thought, mygaged as you are in a State electton, I, a resident of;Tatlos, alection ofarmy to repeated victory. And shall It be said tbat Tbe cbiefusc of government is to protect the tighiasucb men and sucb a will submit to such an and toe Government that outlaws toe people ofpropeity,outrage? Every consideration, every Interest, every property (if ary portion of its citizens has no izwra' duty, and humanity, tbe love of country, tbe sense of right to claim their allegiance ti>an anins'iraace com- wrrng, hatred to' oppressors arid treacherous and pany has to demxnd premiums from persons wae^t)- faithfess confeJerat* s; and finally despair, would im- fuse toinsu'e. If toe aggregate of S rates, as repre- pel toem lo toe most dartog ana desperate resistance sented by tbe Federal Government, will not protectdtfaattic the resolution (i>Uig Mr. Wiluahsoh w(ie made, but all partlea in any way engaged intaMhaJtlme to eoatest hia seat.«> BBFUtSXCI or TBI MIUTAST ACADZMT BILL.')Allar aa aMmated eoo'est between two of tbeikaiiM have tha consideiation of the Military Aoad- Mr. rooT, of Vermont, (Rep.,) as Chairman of theout this eipedltion to act tbe Coosit- cy. Tbe belief is that as tne peop e oi Connecticut Bnt admitting tbat Slavery Is not only an evil but a proteciion. If it be aald toat we of the North deny against shall now det*-nuinfc eo will they in November, and heinous crime—a crime agairs'God and man—snock- Federal pro'ecilon to Soutoem property when it isNovember so will tbe Amer- lig to humanity and to be abolished at all hazards taken into Terri'ories ietot^mg to all the States, we —howisltto be done? Wnere ceiiy a pro'ection in toe only conttoaen-ry wben Itaar MU, Mr. StaiiToa, Chairman of tha Military Com-, trlamplMd h; a large majority orer Mr. Shis- eoutlTe session, after wbicb the Senate adjaumed,r«s determine inIt Is believed by aome that the two steamers were ican Uidon be continued in Its glory or its s<m set In and bj all sacrificesChalnnan of tlw Committee on Waya and It la bellerad that thla leferenca will break I the former jsractlce of lelerring all appropria- •aafeiUa to the latter Committee. If so, the greatfumn of that CaBmlttee 1* gene. JXCOSSIOT COHCLDBIOn.The Committee on Eiectlaiia had Meaar*. BASXirt aad Blub before tliem thi* morning, when the former laad a dispatch in the HtraU, and aaked If eitherbarHOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. Wabhixotok, Tuesday, March 20.whether he was a public defaulter.Tbe House then voted on the referring to the Com-fitted out by tlie antboiity of Spain and sustained by Prance.A remarkable change has taken place within the last forty-eight hours in the minds ef those legisla-1 not jusufied, toerefore, in is the mode for Its can be needed. To say tbat the (venerai Government desolationforever. Am practical accomplishment? Bycomicg among you to raise my feeble voice in plead- whfttproossof reafoidng shall we reach h conclusion is bound to protect a negro owner in hia property ing Ibe cause of the country. It is not alone your which will accomplisftiu extinction? We are prac- while it is uni'er S'ate protcc'ion. but must outlaw itlaMr. Blais, wbo admitted tbat he had furnished it —kl^seir. Hi. BASXin pioaounces its conclosioosvice a mounted Regiment of Texas Volunteeis. subject,' and the dUcuiSion was warm. The result And this Is welllong as we have no po Tpr ism,'' ii.ttndlng to br-ng tiuc liberty and Ame'ican.tiaeTBM CBASGSS XOxrtSI JUDQI WATROCS.resolution repotted from the Comonlttee on Elecdoos rfquUiDg Mr. VVniiAuson, contesting tbe seat of Mr.Senatoi Wilsob in the by bis vote on tbe Nicaragua TreatyAil are f«millar wrxh toe construction of eur Govern- ment. The principles ilooa nbicb it was formed areknown to e»er> schoolboy.^Bel Btrer by the whites. HIBCXLLalllOtJa.of the stetute of 1851. It was claimed by a minority mandei Tcxsza therefore ordered the Saratoga, withataaSacretorrof the Interior, limiting the amount tabaaabscrlbed l>y aay one indlTiduai, and fixingMclMvai, which, if introduced in a County Cou.tufl,iw or chancery, would not be suiBcient to put a MiaAuoH paid fSS,0UO for the two steamers.^1tha Cosapany at $100,000,000.Q.do nothatu union of toe Colonies was necessa- absolutelypeople lesiOi'Sibiliiy.To toem is nawsubaait-Trea the Asaooiatsd Press. Wj^nneren, Tuesday, March 20.signals. The English, French and Spanish vessels of a andwar did not notice the fact.Tbe engagement took place by moonlight.tbat positionnot only not gatosayedCongressStates assembled at New. York, asd diKCsted a bill offion to toe present time no such issue has arisen. When toat statement was submltred to the several Stntes for ratification, toe peiple of tola seetleia slooA up nobly for Its auoption. Tbey went for tb* UahmIkeBeBatakad n short Executive session to- dsy, aad took pellBlnaiy Beasoies wltn a riew of Maoacltettag tha Nlcaiagna treaty, wtalch was re- •SBtlyrrjeeted. Tlwra are IndlcatloDS of success.rigbis on the subject of taxation. In September, 1774. an association ot i»ehe Sta'cs was fumed, and del-Ika confeieuee of themlirg, «aa with lefueaes to this subjecttUskaaai opened, hut Mr.•aa beietofoie been lublet, >tates tbat he hasAdjourned.Catharine Ryan alioM Templeton, a servant esa-tenor of all tbe correspondence. The ground of tbehave jurisdiction, are to te determined by national arbitrament, the citizens of theStetesofone sectionger kept to* States to a close union, and Incited them•Modo U loithan the Gaveinmsat haspropos- ceuta In th* dollar lesstbe of the strengthplace, Its abilityinanyover, jealousiesDlutiyin,e.beistofare paid,cal ccncema of the citizens of toe other. Interests sepatatethe splendid military service of that aen- tl> man, and closed wito a sti^rln,'; address to toe Stot*of the of Connecticu'.. peopleBeptiblican Senatois,Tka tilcad* of Senator Braun think It of anlBclenttafattanea u deny as wtiolly nntnie tlteasnewspaper a delegate tatta ^faailcston CooTsntlon, he pledged Umself toIs an irreconcilable opposition tietweeu the local to- atltutinns of tbe Northern Scales and toe local tostltu- tlons of tbe Southern States, and toat these evils,eriii Government of all the Stbtes, and continued till the adoi'tlon of toe Constitution In 178(j. This, how- ever, had inherent defects, wh ch forced the States tojudrcarloB. In Its contemplation, 1 sbjtire you, judge b< t lightly. Weigh well every aspect ol tbe qsestien, consider wito thought eommenturate to toe coosa-aatcment that, to ills prerioaseleelion«s(a for Mr. Soosiias after the third ballot.Tfca bids for the Po*t.offlee. blanks hare not yetthe raaoluUoa.to whom work Caowau., the' Police CapeiofDaaKuratlc N«<lon.l Con»enti„n I. atuiucler con-ployed byuigton-slieet, atieconoed from ber place a few days since with (73 worth of clothing belonging to her mistress. On Monday night she was fouoa by Officer Uorton,of the Jefferson Market Police Court, at a— proved of a National us su| poee toat toese poeiuosa were all tenable lor the juTMJses^aasnbjectthepUce of koldlng theprideMr. SWACKBAsrs folio aed Mr. Woon in a speech ofUeratloB.kaoMraned next week,Had Itnearlyan hour'slengto.He replied to tbe chargoaVr--A- T.K-«E.D-A«NnTiTYIKOUISHIAX.breaking donn of the Ridges. As It wss ar.com- nature of toe Inslitutton, and knows I'ttle of what he th* iieceaeliy of compact for defence, not a particle paijied with a heav>- train of arlillen'i these had to be is askipg when be demands its abolltloo. He does of power was yielded to control and direct anythingJabss Oustcas, of Stamford iras toen called out, and occupied toe attention of toe audience for a abort time, wben the loud cheersyasMiaaf a rasoluUonpreviouslyt^e vastthe murder of, -to take such action as wiu the tabject.quiet the publicwayHe attt to arrest tbe woman, but ber butsband Diptedliiie<pofcd a knife and a club, with which the officerhowever, the wbole expedition faiV, un- aduty to that U wrons, abolUhever^thtog.. party, aad cjkat* .ekanguc Th.NaUoiialEx.cu..lTeCommlii«a..y'a Harper's Ferry Committee, after ex-delegstes of five States met at AnnapoU'. bnt adto find toere toeed to the Afrlean «oast for the auppresaleai of the SiBTr-trade.OCIl HEXICAN BELATlOHSswe learn that ther* I* a very gsmral feePng tn favort'B>e hsa naiotetaed an equality, aad Intel- moratlylectoally, with toeir brethren at'be Norto, the Africanrace haa mnlilDlIed wlib no leas ao.-om- rapidity,tlon. Dajuxl WtssTia aald InIn reply lo Mr. Batkx, of Sooth Carolina tMi. WiueB offered a joint resohitiaBtke President to aegoUate with other oattona for the riakt o( aeaioh within MO milea of the Westera eoaatef Africa.el strictAmericana and all have their syiapabi**, but they will not allow Ittoextend beyond thla passive per- a<n>lprrfeience.""find it—Intre handkof toeir own RaeerraWBCsritMr. 'WiuoK Introduced an order Instmetlng the Jadldary CoaualUee to report a bUl aobatitattng Im- EledtoB esse 9t Wil- palsonment for life Instead of death, and applying thew lb*possers In tbe States, non-slavvholdtagIf Slavery be an evil. It Is eertoto that there Is noexample In tn which a historyovlgioal bargain—the e'.ape«t, LasastsEd. It be fatly rnJ-iyed.lTba LetibeadTan-agecfagainst8lcU«8*Interest in them.Mr. SaaistLui, of Arkansas,tf leotimtit in the Be- pnbliciB liBki.free commiu.lcatlon himself *lth the Gulf, txit has it liumbers and Improvement. Now, to destroy tola ao- a enhjeci, evil thoush It be, beyond onr aoatntT in hfs power to make Vera Cmz of little vslne to hia rendercnemiea. In the he can at hia leisure Sri!-'. .t^lT^H" S*^'5"'J<>yto"P'o'PerttyandM W..h.y, our,s.e.l.v.e„s m„,i.s„e,r.a„b.l,e b„y vain icfiatBTllMrtotWit.8011baaopenedthewarinearnest•ttaBtare-trade, aad ttilkea ia tte rlgiit dine-k VaMkadveed, to-day, thra* taparata propod-» yba(;forthe aeutraetloB of !*• atcamara, of site drive away tb* aettlers at tbe mines, wbo wereDEMOCKATICHIESMESTISeITRORWiU. stbleforthemtoexisttogetherInthesameIty where their nniabeis are so nearly equal aa la <heamaaeat to raU tka Afrleaa coait, and I of dollar'. Baeood, for redaaltf t of tkose ararleted of aacagliig in tkatraargreaaors en Indian landa. We most either legal-ise the faltlement snd give the the govern- peoplement, or else they would make one for themselves.Nobwau, Conn., Toesday, Mareh St, A large and enthusiastic DemtKntic mass meet-ovcrcaaie tbe The causes Ha too In dllEculiy. deepIbe prlr doles of ournatoreto be atinaoanted. And wHhout soch erinali y, were it possible tn change tbe present condition of toe African raee, it wouldtrly of the Stete.outtheUtterpart.opposed.commnn jectrnuchcanbesaid. IamfreetosiythatwfetlaMr.aald we mnat either sztinaniah tbe Indian titles, or'*'""« '0 themselyes aad hare eMlMltaDonsLAS, of lUlnols, (Antt Lecomp. Dem.,)SUtes ander other alavebolding aayrelatton than*.i?''.'luilsoicilon over withto theirdersnet svorythtog eisaher-They had even new formed a Territory in aplte ofI dealh to lapriaoament for Ufa, a* Cot. Miaaar, and organized a Legislature. We skewing his eolors. Com. Tcsbsb, U. B. NAt an thronged with tbe faraersof tbe I Mkaly ta taaoro eonrletloa, and readeriai aUp- mnst either legalize or drive them away and carry Sartcga, with detaelunente fi-om the 5«v««*ah andthestreets weretbem toe alaves of tbe instead of alsTes ofwMch each Slate alike should haveI of btqalrr aa t* the expedleDey of ta- ifta Fiaaldaatto antarlBto treaty itlpala- •tHA ftvaixn nition*, for the ntual rl(ht ofw aa filled toarrived In the »:S0 P. M. and was Theyequalease la Nevada, wlMre, from the excitement about sllTer mines, the people gathered together and madewould destroy toe secorlty and ot toe independenceupon common with ground,a Territory out of Utah and partofCalifornia,of ti-ose States. wouid look to the otoer Statea train, tor support and protection and would become virtu-electedaLcgUUtnre,and aentDelegatesto Con- Ing them one vras seen moving off, and a shot waaNew-York,Immunlttes of citizans inis of coursetoe several 8ta!eL»aa4 Oda— agreedto Nays,men fromfniveaocleving the whole country in deadly eoBfllct, which mast terintoate lotoe utter annihilation or demorali- zation and degradation of tbe black race Itself. These,33Mr. Maios, of Tirglnla, (Dem.,) moved to amendabroad. 8e}mour Club,Tbe established family relations,vision be made to extinguish tbe Indian titles.Mr. SxBAinAa explained his resolution as only anon board ; steamers.wife shall not be recognised In the Tenltory. Kthiaainquiry into the expediency of making a treaty. Mr. Maboh withdrew bis amendment.The resola ion tben passed.country,protected for fhaMr. GiuH reported a tcaolotton tothe widowoar fleshConnecticu',history of the claim arising from the inva- sion into Florida. He contended tbat tbere was la the tieaty a lenuBciatlon of the demands foi In-From Another Oorreapondent. Wasbihctox, Tuesday, March 90.The news from Hextco has created a profoundand last, a poitloii of ail the Territories, aai ber d'izcns havaSicKias, to serve ou him within ten days a parttcu:ar»ta1ca<ent of tbe grounds of tbe contest, and tbat Mr.lo Its creation so late, that ihe sound of their voices<Dem.,)try"''leh t*"? H^l= ihT^T^.'o^.,?!'^'' "'Z^fl'"^f'-"'*'" """">o•n'ly•W«:h«y» ofpayauQioristaig« '"Z.^" I'°?."'il'' '".''^ri*!Soutol learewfearalMioa aad aeareh of reiaeis fbaad witlitn two gress. This stand-still policy wUl not do. We most fired ahead to bring her to, and tbe litdUnola aent to received aby deputationof the citizens of Norwalk. ally their alliee and and thus deperdantaaopfpUteoeable Stotescollectively.dtad aOaa of the ooart of Africa. Theae sareralMr. 'Wnaoa deslinM prcaaiBg upon Coo- , and lalaads. If poalble, to Moare aetlon upon The Democrat* ezprcas ehearfdl concorrtoce •• Int two, hot qoestioa tb* propriety of theeither driv* away aettlers or else convert this cqnat- ter soveielgnty Into popular sovereignty, according to law and the Constitution. We ought to extinguishoverhaul ber.The liall from the Iniianola was answeredWhile proeeedlng to his qnartera a salute of thirteen gnns wss fired.Mr. Wo«> Is the guest of Mr. Gxosgb R. Cholwxkli,to Ihe coirmerc'al nations of the world. The tMg cairies with It the soil of tbe country It reweseutM" does acltlzen of a State carry wito bim fotoa Ta^ ilton all tbeIbywith them, and moved to inaert the words hold coun- ctlinsteadofmaketreaty. Tbeamendmentwasdis-lilBMiiiai II^.tBkStuta wailD EzecntiTe Scaaion, to-day, oo- so that at the council held with the Indians no pro-Ipor- ii'niiMiaaaalHitbe Indian title, or else weshallhavewar allalongwhich toatThus, If you mea of 'Ca»-of Western States, tbea Mew-York merekaatAt 8 o'clock Mr. Wood entered theprivileges parts to him at heme.tbe bordersKi. Davis tboogbt we had better not make treatiesresidingia thlaplace. tiall,Particalarg of tke Crnzaat TcraIeffect Mor do eomplBin o«I tin aaaaltoffrived at that port.in a Theflags, banners and mu&Ic, and other cluba from theEngagonentOf a111 probably pot into Alvgraifn. now, doab0et8,iiito ih* Hsw-Tork Tfaaea. WASfaaaroB, Tuesday, March 20.rcsTBiBrABTionjLaskkciitxdbttbbbatt DEPAXTMIBT.The Vavy Depaitment haa received iDfonnatioii that Gen. MoAaea eOBSBeaeed llie atege of Tern Cmz on llie Mh last, and that on the 6th Gen. Mabib appeared before the city with two steamers, and, notdiversity strongly drawn la the line between toe two In coDsequence. arid so strengttiened by toe force of haMt and cons Itutlon, that it la tmpos-Bpeatol DIapaKhinghour froB theWave to the anchorage of the steamers off Anton will seat over Llzardo, to aseeriain their character. On approaeli-evening.srriM ExeeuttTatoaiS. tain thte right. If I aai careet to tM* poattiaB, mat cfoaUy UaUe with aOeen aad crew. Third, out the Indian intercourse laws. The same was tbe PrMt, proceeded in tbe steamers /ndtaiwla aad hour appointed (or the mceiing, the large hail which 'elt by toeir piesent masters. At the aame time It none can gainsay it, the dtlzens of ewmrf atstoilala fire from the steamer Gen. Uiranum and a volley ol musketry, when tbe Smuga fired a broadside, andTbe PrebU is expectedthe rest being distributed between the twokiUcd. were tunedThe Ihe ho.-ds of the Union andtognlftoa sea of blood your money, you would deem it hard indeed U Hmw throng outside was nearly tbe tostitullons of tbe country merely to anstoin a po- ceased m be ] ours, because you were oatnde of tbaaiio'her State, have no right to Interfere. Yours Is sensation here. ParUcnlars relative to the capture not aliogether a local ele';tinn. Sucb a view of to*tbat war came to the treasury, and were paid liber- of Ue two Spanish steamers are awaited with great content Implies but a limite'l knowledge of the ques- tloriS atissue. Though exclusively State oificers are ally. He thought the Government was imposed u.x>n interest. It Is supposed *tbey were cap'ured as pi- to be elecied, yet to* leeolt will be of national impor- In an investigation of th«e claims. Be quoted from rates, ard the act on the part of our naval force is tar.ce. If successful, giadness will be carrlei toev- the opinion of Mr. Gdibxix, wbo examlued tbe wbole ery patrlotl.: heart throughout tbe length and breadth,ITthe action became generald, in view of the dtffercnee in nartea of thla and with the Indians. Be was In favor of counselling of both of Gen. Mabis's steamers, wlthliimself aada greeted with loud applause. Upon the atand were which caniKit be arraianed without destroying the tion of tbe sovereignty of your own;reaaltlog in the captureand was Caoiwiu. and other gentle-toough ItYru stand upoa soil when toere tielonging as aock to Connecticut as to any other State In tbe UMsu^>i th»l»ii|iiiaii of eat£rtalntag a mottoo to recoa-lidar tha yot* rejecttag the Ntcaragoan Treaty, and•aiaral KepobUoana hare ezpreaaed tbe opinion that••treatywillyetbeameiidedandapproTcd. TheyftartheleiponaiblUtyofitadefeatwillbegreater Mr.Gauv,ofMissouri,(Dem.,)reportedajoint Crcatexcitementprevailshere,growingoutofthe aalargeasthatwithin.Dr.BaAnLxr,ofNew-York, lit-'caldocmafoundeduponavagueabstraction? juIIsrirlionoftheState,tooughyonwereonsouwlthlBISoTcmaeata, and our nattonal repo(nanee tof aeaieh.large nnmber of hte men.The prize was ordered to New-Orleans, and haa ar-Ex-Police Coaimlsatonerand of th* States of the entire Union, prosperityreed, who d<^8 not perceive tbat an abatement of aoevil only to be effected by onnvuislons toat would de-J|ierefromWasaavs, and notice haa been iasued to him to thateCaet. Jadge Edhosbs, of Ne*-York, and Hon. L.XTsa*, of Tezaa, appear a* counsel for the memj- tions. Agreed to, ill against 72.Mr. OnaoJntrcduceda bill authorizing tbe Presi-iteUrta. dent to call Into tbe service a regiment of volunteers Mexico, is regarded as a superb exposition of the Party tbat at last thev have thrown off all disguise, tratlon,as much so BStoe neighboring British West toe Territories are the common property of all tbeABHT MOTUOmS. for the suppression of hostilities in New-Mexico, Re- subject by those who luderstand it. The trouble Is and are willing to submit their doctrines to the final India Islands now have. lndee[*,the present condi- Stotes, and any one SUte yet boles to toat synam of St.D.C.FnaashasbeenacceptedaaContiact- ferredtotheCommitteeon Afi'aln. that there are not in who know adjudication of the people. tion of toe Biltisb Arrericss Colonies will Illustrate latwr, so lotg will all of toe other Stetea togetbar, ifD^are indications of an entire In the changeRepublicanBritish Coloniestoat these Colonieswere dependentpiotectedtoeveryStetewhereitattei; and that both patties be allowed sixty days toresuscitate the Nicarugua Treaty, and pass it. Therebring up tne people of the whole country to render a verdict. This is not so now. So far aa the free Steles are concerned, an Irsue has been made boldly,to the Federal Government to aiolish ittake testimony in support of their separate allega-any- exists Platleim. Tbe speech of Mr. Cox In the House, on unequlvccally, and unhesitatingly, and it Is credite- alcne on toe mother Government : that each possess- by the Constitution, and it stands to the Te ritories onMilltery many Congress Now, my friends, what Is this Issue ? Upon what that which tben existed with reference to these thir- Of posed, be estopped from Icerferecce.Kgaaa for the Anny, and la to report at Fort Colum- Mr. Dawxs said there are seven contested cases enough about Mexico to appreciate an effort like tliat rouimrin ground la it that tbe Republican Patty of teen. Each is peculiarly independetit of the other. And, therefore, my friends, wby all this agitation fkas tor •errice la San Antonio. Lieut. Tmoa, Third pending, and tbe Committee bad not yet been able to of Mr, Cox.tbe Free States sUnds? Wbat Is tbe inscription Tbe Island of Jamaica has no conoectioo, directly or Wbyare ,o\i continukliy celled u()on to eulistto ainterests of other members of tbe Confed- Coloniea anterior to the American and wlii do tbls, I have no apprehension as to your ver- political Revolution,AitfDsiy, la ardered to report at Fort Calambus, to Haessd with reeralts to Fort Brown. lafordiatlon Msatvadat the War Departmeot contradicts tha dla- falakeodaceinlngprocure on any of tbem preliminary action, ThiscsEe was not presented on its merits, for no testimony ^.ad t>een presented to the Committee, it arose from tbe peculiar and strange action of the Board or StateFrom tbe Associated Press. Nxv-OaLZAKS, TuesUay, March 20.party tmder a rule of nisi, for the simple reason that it atatea nothing at all. The county canvassers de- clared the result correctly, and the error of tbe Clerk Inaaylng Member Instesd ;of Rei/rsientatlve in Con- gress, was not material.Mr. CAiirBiLL, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.,> aald that Mr. GuJiia had not referred to Mr. Wiuiajuob'swasmemorial, which part of tbe caae, and clearlyand distinctly charged that there was fraudulent and Illegal voting for Mi. Sicxuia, who, It ia alleged, used large sums of money foi biit}eiy and corruption.The resolution, pending was merely preliminary. The merits of tb* question will be inqaiied Into bore- al ter.Mr. GAaTsiLL,of Georgia, (Dem.,) argued against, and Mi. CoBKUflS. of New- York, (Rep.,) in favoi ofMakju's steamers passed by all tbe foreign squad-I1 am care Injustice to those of whom I amTbe them a rare«oi)la coubtless have teen Injtired had he not dls- aareial laeie wltneasef. wi j won cio.* it» chargcti his levolver at his opponent, and compelled of has been bim loreiieat. Tbe shot look effect, but whether In Jlolhklg e^eeialmtenat eUcltcd. a vital part or not was not aacertalned. Catharine was eeiiired, and was arraigned beforeIcnging his opponen<.sparallala oftOCBSDraOB OF CONGRESS.Justice yesterdaytJiicBXKBCbu. to whom she adml ted that sheBENATE.TTimaana. Toasday, March 20.ofnaaia, Haaaaehiuetts, (Bep.,) pre-rtn?.;j ." "" l"op«r'y, Bdciig tbat she bad been In- .hln ihS "J."' " *» "sf husband, wbo was presentThe cause of tbe delay of tbe expedition, in Its gards Slavery simply as a relation between ma-'ter province or Stale, ylekied a particle of local selt-gov-drscent to tbe coa^t, we tinderst&nd to have t>een the and slave, has a verv Imperfect eoLCf ption of the emnitnt. However great the external danger and pertlcut to rebuke tills sectional feeltog.saated the meLaorlal of Sskcsl Mat, a dls- Countf, Va «!f " S^-lleman from Hanovercare. In tbe meantime, MisAHoif not understand either its nature or Impoi tance. It of a domestic political character. Thehad hia besd-qvarters at Jalapa, but personally him- li.iolves not only toe relation between muter and of the States wss fuity malatatoed, and even in the'S,!;;ttacBlahad and T>nerable merchant of Boston, piers, '^la.t'irorcl«y,VS s"t«„°' whowith repaired greatsovereigntymeeting adjourned withfor SsTuocB, Woon and the Democratic nomlnatljnsI tair hoadred ether dtlzeas ofguarded ardTI.e States of the Union are still tadeoendent c jm-one race of men as separate and <fi»tln< tive States, eicepttog sucbare delegated to be exercised by tbe General Govern-of ih* party In ConnecticutMayor Woon goes to Danbury, to-morrow,dress toe Democracy of tbat vicinity.. to ad-reiiestof one John H.repeal of tha Fugltlre Blare law of 18», the swindler, ana mI^Ui who h'f,ae1 notwiihiu;,,^?,?. .u^*'^''"*''""* """ ol from diHerent accounts. One says that it musters bat atMut 3.000 almost equal numbers,quaitersofBUvery in the District of Columbia, tk»^MUaaofof theaafH^WHon lntt-i-8tete Slave-trade, and thaevery particular from anotoer.ad^laiaa of any new SUre StateCoxs«kik^, 1»».««^, ^ on Thursday,•a agaWaga of any aUre te.wltory, or thecrockery.atore of J Mni.tillery.A number ofwhoto ascertain vihetoer toey are to be found among themer, was commencedlfeOjms,ofMIstfaiipfi.(9a^uJ tkataia. Agreed tapie «giag CoBareaa agalnstthe into the Union, or employ-tbepecuniary aspectpowers,auofataraabraayagent, daiMliinlttthafederalGorajiunenLHamored ttarefiffeaeetoaaJadieUiyC<m>.«tttee.families,soughtenumerated oramongtoem,Kbe-Greeneand "ded on Fridayaarad it Us by yaaa St, n«Tai7.parUculariy disposed to visit personalon Wnaoa, Massachnsetts,(Rep.,)IntroducedThe letters slat* that abad been todlctedevidenceSing. ^ „o^ appearingMr.aMa tor tha acMtnsttoa *( At*alsoBatut,Ib Is rerv betwo rentaiie* they have Ured In peae* aad prosper-f«ne day, a notorious "^T^hta o«i^'h•e« coiojaofwIfnotdislnrbedwouldcontinuefortwooen-tarle* moi*. WUl* th* Enropean race has impidly KttnnoB. No stoteaaaan, ao demagogue, no partyBoston, pray-completelymen, and Is supj-orted by no siege artillery." .\notber the globe, and toe most opposite of all otoars in .I£iuitlee. They poeipss all the powers belonging totriaLli.'"blnrj was conimlt.ed.She was hsld forM{HOT AT rOS DCrSSDIRO RIB Win.make ail efforts to the common defense. possibleMrs. Catharine of No. 073 Wash- Goodoow,itsGovernment. Taen it were founded in truth, and thattoere wea no consti- was tbat the ablest beads and purest hearts of the that MiSABOB counted vrith certainty upon the Vtval- tutional, nor commercial, nor s 'Clal i-upedlment, uatli n exercised their faculties in rievlsing a new andupon him to t»ki- • .Vr„Ti'"« ^o"" »"'•' ''"'«*^. prevailedthe work.slave, but what is of far more consequence, toe so- cial and political relation of tbe two racs, w»o arepresent ConstituU n toeseware","'5'*n tookwas"r.e^Vr„^"',L"f?f/""^°'"of a most formidable description. We have no rea-toatthe accu«id that he |he^^.nsacUoAoontractor, officer or evenlr.»JDdstore of T. MeaaissTT. A maa named Johh expedition.place, y-S^c^'g arPi're.SamcKni orc"sackiimcbdibem.-—.opinionistwo-fold. First, a general {M>nfidence intolire broke out in theTOF, *o. 233 Greenwich-street, aboi.t very largeextendedtonot.If It is notCounty,^gl*.Tb»was aerioaaly borneo la endeavonng to eiUnmilshto* revenues of tbe almoat entirely found termsofblahesipraise,nor,Indaed,doe*It appear oonotry depend.tbe enumeratedth*laaies. Mr.Mobtob'sIomIsat>outcovered by laaaraaee: that of Mr. Moxusstt was In- eonsideiable. It la supposed that tbe fire was the work of an lnecBdiar7„and tbat another, which near- IV eenauaiFd a st«bl' acenpied by Owinth* rear of No. M8 EastMaaaiMl|is ada^- M., bad a similar oHgin.powersamount of speole 1* of th* ezlstlnc iclatloas between to* taroiaeea. For served powers, standing aa before the adnDUon of the «i.*^'K\i^ivaiaSs.w"h"oh^lll'krm'lgquestion—itself delegated are reaervedts.ooo, anrl Isven- Aa as thea dissstsrs would be, tiiey are noth- jeet of greatw?re Slfnced,dotbetobetter fjim ofgovernment.MlBAMON commenced the siege of Vera Cruz onof the Committee that Mr. Williahsos was called on detacbmente from the Savannah and Pnblt, on theIn a few daya, it la onderatood, aome definite action by tbat law to serve a notice on Mr. Sicius, when steamers Indianola and Wave, to proceed to the an- shlp equal rights and equal Interests to tbemaelvea. toe Colonies, mucb less union, was In aotegonism to borheod, discard tbe common prtoelples of honorill ha had here in the great Almsden mine* case.nobody had determined or certified that Mr. Sicius chorage and ascertain the ctiaracter of the two Facts folly justify me In this steteiaent. Four years miristcrial oppression ; and when to«se discontents aid comity, and aid In p nnging tbe wbole UnlaKassumed tbe aspect of open revolt. It was then, and toto peril and bloodshed in toe various eCiirM tonot till toen, that a conference was called matotain a baseless abstraction, however its elements generaln^ialnr Wusoa, Gen. Nis, Mr. Woooscrr, andaaeial otter Repablicans leare for ConnecUeut to- majoilt; that Mr. WiLUAiiaos was no mora calledstrange steamers. Aa the Saratoga, towed by the In sions of to obtain the principle, attemptedmmatm aftMnooB to participate in the State eanraas. THI PACinO KAILBOAD.but were too late. Capt. TcBBia then aent a them such intentions then. We saw plainly their tion. It IB true toere had been at Intel vals several or your heart.Mi. Giuixa, of Noith Carolina, (Am.,) replied, The Seleet Pacific Bailroad Committea dedded maintaining that tbe majority of the Comoaittee ag definitely yesterday. They meet again this sought to setup new precedents, which were at vari-of the steamers, when the boat waa fired upon twice, nied such oplniona and Intentiona, conducting the In 1(43, the Colonies of Massachusette, Plymouth,i's tnstitatloiif.had a right to a aeatbut it was tlie opinion of theago, tbe same party, nider more disguised profbs-;upon to asrre the notice on Mr. Siczlss than Mr. SiCKLIS OB Mr. WmiAHSOII.Nationaldianola, approached tbem, they tried to escape, Administration. The Democracy charged upon for tbe purpose of deiitieratlon and exterior protec- commend themselves to yotir head, your conselenoaance with the law of 18Sr, and with all the of I to fix the numlier of rentes and locality. The usagesI of the Comaoittee are almost unanlmoui Congress anterior to tbat year, and without anyfouLdation on which to r*at them. Tbe petition ofSpanish flag, They no longer dissemble. Made bold by tbe divisions Vnited Oafter a spirited engagement Maaiif surrendered, and of the Democratic Party- taking advantege of the aubslsted for forty years, under a regular form of Empire, and is now shaking the fabric to ite foonda-toraeaiBgte roate. The propoeltionnow is to letatotk ha taken in the Company under the direction ktowledge, but filed an affidavit of hia attorney, Mr.strength-goxemmeut.principleot awonted eoiiSfrvatlsm and nstion-Mr. WaiiAHBOH ^tbted be knew nching of Ms on-nAmerican loss is but three wounded, one of whomtwenty to thirty wotinded.New-York, Pennsylvania and Maryland, was bcM at tain pollilcal power, obloquy t.:ey justlyrons and tbe castle w itbout Uoising a flag, altbuugh speaking. WhatTheprisonerscorroborate thereportin relation toegates autoorizrd t.jmeet and consult for thecom-Again, the opinion Is very generally entertaineddiscovery,less others can corrupted,of this we have no means of judging.regard- piobabuitles less cf tbe disasters which may eiuuef There are ten thousand tolngs In society which are a.lmfttederal Mates to review toebe and of tbeself superintendedOf the strength of tbe expedition we have differentrigbu protected.carefullywrites thattbe train was sli miles In length, and IsdIs'Jngulsbesfar me at thla time to,discredit the statenenUIt Is not neceasaryof thlatoe luto of famiUea and iadivklnala, the Impoverish- telnlng what toesetoat allwould would It be wise orTbea Democratic Mr. Hoxia, who spoke here larf conimenoed meettog of commlssloneis Irom the sev- party bysucceeded,according to prtient Ufor- houie half between Heboken and Jersey City. bale rallen an easy prey into bis bands. With Its cal enforcement T Admit Slave y to be an evil. Is it ginia wai> the fire t to move. In January, 1786, it re- of corruption wtilch haveconspiracy.citypatrioticat'empt their practi-Legislature of Vir-been mside tba againstnentiallty. Tbe Preneb, BpanUb, EngHah,his celebratedpanled by areat tmproTement,pbyslcal)yaad inUllec-toajly, Slid a degree of coffi'ort whicn t e laboringclasses to few other conn tries enjoy, and very far su-pear tebemseh probability. Tbe Marin eiMKBtljn perior to what tbe free people of to* aame race mIdetnhuediU»risrftob*akiaoofpewernDeer k1i« Pedeval Oover*-celliaton at aca in any crse there does sot ap-possesftonof )liaAan<<, nnd there will be safe. Tie provable result of thi" whole matter la. thatUcioDltseiria tootBllof BecaBtstob^haxanlad ta are- savage people, ancb as potitlcns for changing lu original basis. I lac tksMisABOBwiil for tbe present coniem hlms»lf wi-h their ancestors were wBea brought toto the coaotry, Con-t lotfonasltlsand tbe Union a« it Ij." go prnallty 1o persona fitting out alars ahtpa orharlog BcetptitB of the Iiws in VubiBetn— Aliaradc. That in^ils [>osee«9ton, he has not only have ever advsrced in tbe same period so rapidly m Therefore, «by this morbid seoslbtllty coaoaaiaKIntrodoeed a reioj'ntloB aothorizing a treaty to be made with the IndiaBS owning land in and about Pike's Peak, andClitDgcmeaatiine, what Tirtae there I* In money.of Spcecli nayorWood.toatwhichBOWexists. Socialandbetween tbem la impossible. No power on eanta can ment; , et ttot toe Terriuwles are the crSMsToS^waa held tn this town thi*qnestlon thereto, the TerrMrtaaneighboringlong2,000 personsoverlowing.European race If the African should be permitted totowns, andbefore thenad interest Inneighboring townsThe iocs of life was only alight. No officers were bnt were tinable to get into the liaU, and hundreds Are the people of Cooneclicnt reaiy lo burst asunler B>merea.srn. If you take wito you your esdtia oraway.reeep'lon of this Lews. All partlea appear to rejoice was introduced, and spoke for three-quarters of an Bull shall be told that these results will not fjllow— toejurisdiction of and belonging to all the States. Now,Iat the result, and hope tbat something beneficial wUl honr. Hon. Fbibabso Wood foUowed, and for an ceived people- "^k* aagotlaticD with Hoadaras la onceedfag with-mk aay refereaee wha'erer to tbe action of tbe drawn. Fa»(ed.aaate an tlw Nlcaragaaa Treaty. Any ammJment, Tbe bill for the payment of the Florida claims was Miranr.cn " navy " waa captured under lawa forbid- embiaced in its scope all the questtons in issue be- with toe aborigines o! the country, from whom they equal ground wito ourselves and eur Nortbera asso-of tbe late Senator Luis, of Missouri, mileage notresult In some way, though no one seems to have anyhoui and a qnaitei enchained anappreciativeaudi-aadkg Committees of tbe Heoae aa to wliich suaject, aad aald tbat toe claimanta had already fully sustained. Loud and open indignation is ex. of the land, andwiilfl deteated tbe banner of tbe f^ation- In defence of pioi.erty, family, country, liberty, and the jiroperty of the negro-holding States,wby do tbey been paid oouble their juat rights. pressed agalnstthe Spanish authorities In Cuba for al Democracy droop In despair and desponden- existence. tazthem? Wberethereis texadon there sbooll beCommittee that If ported the kill, desired to exoress fittinghis V ie ws, but, as It was late, cave way to a brief Ex- tuiio: al Government of Mexico, which we recognize. that tbeyMr. PoTiiB, of Wisconsin,contest, but tbat of us all : and in this view, and with this feeling Itbrow mjselt into the canvass, loome—tical men. Tbe peofjleof tbe Norto are distinguished whenever be bringa It In'o a place ih%t is under Fed- for utUltaiianlsm. Their g'eat proeperlty and suc- eral jurisdiction Is simply an insuli. We might aaoffered a reso- lution, which was adopted, calling on the Secretary— Its anationalmantodiscussnaUooaipoliticsof the Tieas<nr forNicaragua;to the re- moval of the late CoMecXat at Mllwankee, and aa to:all paperspertainingmittee on Milltoiy AfiUn the West Point AcademyIs,friends, toat it Isrightyou property after theonly Holy .\lliance" bud trodden out Democra-(Bep.,)well say to a citizen wbo had suffered from a atraetItis true )'0U have met the' same enemy before but never, within my recoUecllrn, under the same clr- •atiaa. Being answered in Ibe neiiative, he tumed- ment makirg an appropriation for calling into ser- Republican Senators also held a caucus on the same cumstai oes, nnd with ihe same avowal of principles. ; It l« well that at last the opponents of the Democratic i'arty have agreed upon a Na-'cy in Euiopeand converted toeirof tke Committee had anthorlzed its pobli-publicanshavebroughtmatters to a deadlock. The'*bill, as returned from the Senate, with the amend-tb* subject of Siaver} ?subjects" into ators who have opposed theMezicsn Treaties. Tbe Democratic Senators federacy.highwayman shall molest youbut if yongo beyondheld a caucus this mornin to discuss thepropriety ef ceasing all effort to make any treatywith any Spanlsb-Auieriean country, since the Re- arc really before thu people.keptconstantlyarriving afterward,vastate tbe had t>et'er remain unabated. losaytbat}our properrycannot bedefini c Idea what that aomethlBg will be. Tbe ence with a logical argnmentattve addieas, which prowess has been manifested to five wars irst,F York. She and ber Soutoem associi'es standuponcwquered tbe soil ihev inhabit; agato, in the French ciates. He'e people are possessed of tbe same priT> ding and punishing piracy, as they refused to show tween the two gieat political parties. wars,ln wbicb WasoiirSTOs, a Soutoem man and a lieges In a Territory as are tbe people of say other their colors, and the vessels are lawful prizes, Tb' Mr. Woon addieased the meeting In substance as slaveholder, firat gained military renown ; and again. Stale to Ihe Union. If, therefore, a South CatottnUa:or if ha takes wito bim bis slaves they are placed upoa theto par- ticipate in a national election stending upon tbe and common ground of nationality, to fight for a cause alike dear to tbe citizens of every Slate ia the Con-cess Is toe result more of execution Hum theory. Ithsa been by tbe practical application of pbllosopby robber,and of science to tbe ever;a«y affairs of life tbat wehavegrowntobetbepowerfulcommnnltieawenow yonro»ndoor.ItmustbeatycwrownperlL"are. We never pursue phantoms. We never follow The right of ownership in Slavery at toe Soato Isof tbe-We only know, fiom common report, that Mibahos evila v hich It would be madness to attempt to era'il- jcu'iied, p'ODOSing a general Convention at Phliadel- the Galpm and Matteson corruptians. He also spokaia believed to have iilenty of money on band. Tbe cate. Government itself is an evil, it has never ynt In 1787, toe Conveatlon of Delegates of twelve of of men of tbe Seward aadda- vattcu* sums of #300,(100. $300,000 and $000,000 aie been perfect, and yet It Is necessary to protect life ghtlaBt.es was convened, aad afer much dc.lberation, ifce teachings stsaip, mentioned by as many different writers. It is quite and property. A strict enforcement of toe lawa formed tie present Coastitotlon of toe United States, Louiced In strong terms toe character of a man who certain, however, that in any case Ibe money will often punishes the tonocent, and yet It would not do It Is a significant fact that lo toese several Cinven- could toaugurate, be said, so damnable a doctrins' aa nut be wanting if the traitor* can be found out and to abolish laws in consequence. This would lu- tlonsofdelesates, as well BSln toe articlea of con- toat of toe " irrepressible conflict" He closed wlA ' rtiiched. crease. ratoer than dimlnisb toe evil. He who re- feceratlrn and In toe Consatntlon, neither colony, a eiiriliig and eloquent appeal to tbe freeoMn of Coa-allude to ment. Tbethk The trial of SHXZHAie, for"compactand is supported by some fifty to aixty piecea of ar- amount of property Involved, at least $1,000,000,000— the people toereof. There is no difficulty to ascer- nm^ at DA. Rtc.-. Show. a.son, however, tomade, tbat It numbers between 5,00?) and 6,000 men,expressly providesto toe Stotesare. It ispowers only necessaryD"TM»a safe S^cfock£?J cacurttotbecoast,iasaidtohavecomedownwiththat be isgeance upon bis enemies.the totemalCo^lution. This questioa of tlavery in th* Stateslaigeseeking shipment at tbe Capital, and the opiniongenerally ^pressed that it will nb Tklrtawlh-ltieet, at IIJJ P. brought down tn Aivarado.vitalment and prostiation of an entira aectlon of to*Unlna, and the fatal blow toat would be given to thenotandthe adjoinior cro,-k.7j the MiaAnos'a c:ourteoas attentions to production of the great agricultural auplea on which longs, of course, to the reserved powers. The power j«, brought to LiiiBniii them—all,ofcourse,hisfrtoods—arespokenofIn ibeeonmerca,thenavlj^tlon,tbemanufactoteaaad ofdefsndtogtbecountryagainstexternaldanceris thirddegree.'a,-t'^',°Ui^r.^'"r,ii'i^4!^ "^"-''iVu-hter In toe ttlrd degree.reaerved—l/f the dlspoaltloa of the sUps-of-wat at Vera Cras, locieasad In wealth and sumbers, aad at the waa and BO factian baa ercr attempted to deny this poel-Untiity, aadlaopresslyit is pecnllarly a domestte to-against htoi. f^l'trZ^oitled Documentsentenced to SineTbe Southern are " flesh ofItssnd tae sayings and doings of those wbo were a partyr-quals:thus,tiif-elevatto^We ail know toat at toe commencement of Ihe last quarter of tbe lest centory thee were here toirtetnupon that black flag of aedl'ion floating over the indirectly, toils local government wltn the Island of fruitless enterprise? Whyis it that the booes-. yeo- gathering places of tbls faction, and which has. to Barbados, nor has Barbado* wito Bermuda or Dem- manry of tbe N/irthern States are being mide mad the disgrace of tbe whole country, been recentlv pro- araro. or either of toe otoer British Colonies While W'th frerzy ? Why this exciiemeot and deounclatloB claimed in th* Senate of the United .States. 1 need the Home Government Is representefl by a Governor of the.^iitb? 1 ask you to examine carefully and scarcely tell you tbat It is treason against the Federal appointed Dy toe Crown, yet each l)as Its own Colo . calmly This whole subject, laying aside prejud.ce, ig- the rumored asaaaaination of Indians Canv^Esers, wtilch left both contestant and coatestee tbe Stb Inst* On the 6tb, two steamers appeared be- compact. That It is a declaration asserting the right nlnl Leglslatore, and is sovereign and independent noring partisan sympatoles, and coming op to th« of the people of tbe non-slaveholdtog Stetea to crush within its sphere, subject only, as I have before said, responsibility resting upon you as citizens of a Slate without abiilty to avail tbemaelvea of the provlnions fore tb* city, and refused to show their colors. Com- out and destroy tbe social, tbe commercial and tlM to Ibe motoer country. Sucb were tbe American which la a party to tbe Federal com^mct. If yoaamong defecdlBg;ble to tbe tei merity of tbe leaders of tbe Republican ed Its own local Legislature and Executive lulmtnts- a level with o}^eT domestic questions. So long aseracy, « hlcb malntein nithln the national copartoer- tbe first evidence of even a kindred sympatoy among dict. You cannot, you will not violste good neigh-boat with a flag to demand the natioaaltty objects, aad knew well tb* ultimate tendency ef temporary leagues lor Ihe protection of the common their doetriies. At that time tfary emphatically de- wellare,Tbe of toe has beea tb* result ef pnispetlty countryThese Itstitotlons oomprehend necie servl'ude in tbe Stotes of toe Souto, and, arbetbsr whereupon the Saratoga fired a broadside into tile campaign upon their aide with appeala to the patriot- Connecticut and New-Haven formed a league, oifea- rlcht or wrong, tt Is for our Interest to maintain toem, General Miramon, and tbe action became general. ism of the people, not as now, with appeals to sec- sife and defensive, wbicb toey declared should be Tbe sbcck cccasioaed by toe con ^toued exclteoMat Both ateamera now hoisted the and tlonatlsm aad fanaticism. But howls ft at this time! perpetual, and distinguished by toe name of the growing out of late evente has been wide-spread sadwith most of bis men was token prisoner. Tb* desertion of some of our trusteo leaders—is enedtlon. Let tols noble Commonneitlto be toe first freedelegateda Stele to resume itecontinued frenzied hallucinationmortally. The Mexican loss is fifteen killed and Ignorant ron-polltlcal element In the Free States, gress of Commissioners, representing New-Hamp- aiitv, and hurl back upon tbe demagogues rrhn bizardlonies of New-England. This CkmfederacyIS alarming. It has extended to every portion of tbeIn which tbeCongress was tie prominent 'eature. Ia I7M,anthey have thrown off the deceptive mantle of na- shire. Msssachufetts, Rhode Isiand, Connecticut, tbe'desiiuctloB of JbetoGeovcmmej.t- in asnoeff^in to doeb-by^tionalltv, announcing deadly hoetillty to their brethren of the ^outb.Con-amongI say is fully sustained by toe enun.ordered to do so by a shot from the castle and oibei elation of those who are authorized to irpeak. When Federal Government, however, was not adopted. In ted toe gravest question presented since toe Ameri-forthe steamers tliat tbey cleared from Havana as mer- toe oraro. s and Press of me KeDublican party through- tolrteen SUtes assembled at Pbiladelphia, aad to simply but a rerubmission of toe question. Afar cbsntmen, and hoisted the Mexican fiag only after out the country, may be deemed and taken as tbe July, 177ft, lesued the Declaration of ladepeodence. t>iree-ciu<rteraof a century's trial, the queatloo Is to they left that port, and subsequently mounted six' plat'otm upon which that party Is to suud tn fie In November, 1777. Cor.gress agreed upin the ce.e- be again propounded, whether a union of the States^ guna. coming Presidential election. Now, what is It ? It brated Articles of Confederation, under which upon toe basts and condiUona toen adopted, is desira- is tbat Slavery is an enl. Tbat there Is an antagno- the Ui Ited States Erjccessloily termtoated tbe ble, and shall be maintained or revoked. Tnls is the THE PROBABILITIES OF AN ATTACK ON ism tetween free labor anri slave labor. Thattoere Kevoiution. This was tbe first formation ot a Gea- on'y case presented for >orir consideration and ad-VERA CRUZ.From tXe Neva-OrUant Picamme, Uurck 16.We learn tbat the opinion of Lieut. Cabtxb thatMuiiuo!! vrill not attempt an attack of the city, very these antegonisms, these conflicting intereau, ques- the adoption of trie piesent system. During toe R.'v- quences. believing truly, tbat as you now deternUaey - generally prevslls at Vera Cruz. This, indeed, is tbe tions over wbicb toe people of toe whole couatry oiutlon, the pressure of an instant and common dan- so may the result be life or death to the Union.Mr. Woon tben made a strong appc.! to the Democ- racy of C^nnecllcnt to stend by their noble and patri- and case being authorized to Interfere with and settle toe lo- Wben that was however, mutual and otic candidate, Ssiaoua. He dwelt in eloquent lan-iA makegrnerul to attempt what miut result in a disastrous repulse.the commonNow, before discussing the quesaoo of prwer, let ti e utter insufficiency of a mere confederacygooddefence. Mibauok Is too a goodweakentL-gbond, soonguage uponAlbsny. This Corri-entlon unanimoesly resolved serve.of Connecticut have thus rest'ng opoDfor toeirthe acknowledged head of a political party assumes October, 1705. a of Delegates from nine can Bevoiutiori. From tne iioopnoB of toe Constita-isby members of toe same parry, but indorsed and sus-position,rypreservation.tained, of course it is the attitude of the party itself.Therefore, toe recent declarations of Senator Ssw-ASD, of New-York, bsck^ no, as they have been, by mon welfare. In May, 177i, toe first Congress of tne to a man. Let tl'em go the Union againpolitical eq'ialityFedmlSea^ collectively, and to toe^taaaMoTThe for a plan proposed^ffenmentover tbeearly bat change the form of toe Slaverv. It would m^e must be assumed to be the common or public Ind. mcommnniiy reaponslbfiityIndividuals—with lesstoeir welfare on toe part of toe eommunlty than 1«snd It Is toe of tbe Federal dotyaad p Mayor Woes, accompanied by several friends from continue In tbeir changed condition within the limits of eseh Rte'e shsU be entjtlrd to all pil>Daie« t__placeInthe bands of these Statea tbe most effectoal Instr umeot to destroy the influenc* and control the desttoy of therest of tb* Union.It Is against tols relation between toe two racesthat toe Ditod and crimtoal zeal ol Sxwasp aid his f''llo»ers Is directed. It Is to destroy a relation, eviltoeThe Territories are to toe Union ivbat tha eoaaa tomay be, toat now preserves in quiet and security more toan eight million human beipgs, andtoand bone onr bune." They partake iargejy of the Carolina. That Sto'e is aa mn^b one of the|public mind witoherrWe cruelty which. If exI.Ung. arabm^to li ter'ere wlto tbe tostito'lon to toe Sia'esoftka Socth, but tbat It Is to Ite ezisteoee to toe TerrHoriM that toe Republican Party I* Oa tMs mth'aochlvaltous blood of toe American people. Their tols of tbe Territories as is Connecticut or New-blood was shed to obtain a freedom from freelytle, or Ms money, hn shotild be protectedSontoem a a men, comprehending Soott,borne. One of the of highesttliese righte U the pro.Davis—sons of the South—led toe wholeAmericanpropeitv.it Is Indeed an impoting struggle. Let us approach any Ism to an unprufitabte extent knowlnaly. Toat absoiute and unconditionaL This was admitted byits consideration wltb ttic gravity It deserves, and dis- which will not pay. or la impossible of aC'-.omptish- t uss wltboot prejudice or passion the questions wbicb ment, 1* soon de^e^ted and repuuiated. Therefore itthe framers of toe Constitution;and until recentlyfounded, what t'oots it s )Mr. DA«ii<, Massachusetts, (Rep.,) up was tbat Senator Dixon, Connectiiiut, and several tional ls?-ue fur at lease a majority of the States. Since over the question of Slavery to any form whatever f Democracy inro contemn;!. Tney would fcista au^neof called the ofHsrtar Cuy leli fightiog for a United States Bulk,The Judiciary Committee met to-day and deter.toad to Invostigate the charges against Judge SicKUs serve an answer within twenty days tbeiev crats to carry the Mexican Treaty, and, if practicable, avoid any general National questions which would has scarcely ceased to reverberate to our ears.for their ariasement of tlie white working classee tiy declartog tamed savages from O>ogo toeir no iticidIndicated and It Is said that sufficient Republicans will unite with tbe Demo-others, joinedpolicy ;een until now. The contest upon their fightingthis has not rside has heretofore been a suenlld warfare—In dethcbmentf, takirg advantege of pectiliar lojal questions in every State to succeed in them, and thusandtoe negio lace to America, degrade toe n hole Oeaao- crary of America to tbe nepro level.Thus Is It seen that, admitting ail the Republicans say as to tbe evil of Slavery to be true toere is nopower»here. ItIsmytoroughcut toe civiiized world. It was:that I should ask what is to DC the result ot all tnis excitement uoinHow arc we lo be orofi'edby sv( ce..s ? Admrtl ng every jxisl-iun assumed Dy sort of jitaves in common, that. In or fer to divert atten-"toe Black Republican party as lojtical and well- tion, tbey benan a Pharisaic parade of faise Iloeral-history is so iccent,underpre'ence ofpowers of Government. Tbe week, referring to toe recordson tfa* 8Ut>-ing compared with what muat follow toe sabsersion the Stete It is silent, and of eoorse Is aas of tha re- on toe.«nabut;peace aad aeeiuItT of £T£*5f,r*nP?i«nlTMrsTdbyJudgeHoGooea, six months' Imprisonment at Blnrthe ir tffair, nut mUe.which the nsgnliQde of iiiai popala^ioa aa* h4Utoxicate tbea« '-^riu?:"^i'--?'.".'-..".'»-'?!'^-'""»»S2iiiexpressly vieided to thereference to toeIheTerritortes.orof toe power of the General Oar.fJjTj^eConiftotlontosociallights. The Consittntton provides that " the «__proiertyto the Terrltof whleh ai* lea,ddxeaaUp ton. lectlcuf, migrate to one of toe Territories of thaUnltro Stotes, you necessarily Uke wtto yon abe LO local law goverotogthe as It eaa ba question,"Lock yourself up in your bouse, aad nodoes It with refereaee to South peaastoproperly in slaves was as as any other uiqucstloned8U^ S! Itia '!^;'"-"-^*^.*B«.^www.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069vi^in and sUmonto* 