 , those ve paid a. StfH,notof to afford, chatwiS**adread|' for reaeh-> •••'DXARSIR Asyonhaveintimatedyour vrilHngneeswomenaremarried,eveninIndiana,"forbetter,for lessonsinridingorgymnastics,,'wouldhavetheirideas amongthermWlienstiangersassertedthsttheirocca- houseshadbeendestroyed,andgreathavoomade fairandlegitimatewaysbywhichhemightbeassailedworse," and under solemn covenant to "live together tilldeathdopart," and theycannot resorttodivorce,>»•jvwktaet*»f '<dS<iJH5&*WFIrnoyp.oachotherif they-.wfllritirjh^posaft1* Mr.Nixon'sestablishment,beingthe mostcompletei raTy believed, that a.population oftwo hundredis.inthecountry,andbeingthoroughlysystemitizedin worethantheisland,cansupport,flaminclinedto, .WOOlsent.thereforaale;Jtengaged^totakesixtypas- formsmacounttyupholdinganarextendjagSlavery phenomenaaelactic-acid;fourth,thatinregardtothef < tempest . ]materially modified could they witness a morning's sional pri^tiohs were caused by the smallnees of their among the live stock on the island by the crews of&d tedious (oat work 'becoai-to con- Ic&a b»history - 368indi-rationof oresare -Jthe&ciE- DIea,it ia thehm, •uired t o >abe 08-oreven itiathe \$ the e x -depend- of ores. rethese>ohernia, Ided their innminer•«melter; siccord- atsrprbe,Iof silver >r o f t h eiirangear vhich i s :,.ifaay- a. hardlyg M a n * etalswil ail otherI;isrea- t. nickel, workedManSea, hvriydefi- d. Thus ie ia the dation o fa scale >1 Kkato- fcbe slowparityof pniattoa, K>embers'lecoM sJaidto er never »are fine L.nde are ountaiaa,Thesoil.; •id facile, • - mer,andthatoarsiscnssionshouldheredose,Iwillendeavorto introduce no new views into thia letter. I will aim- even there, without conscious Bhame or general repro- tit lice and unifoim kindnees with which the instruc- never thought ofquestioning the wisdom of those Whom that the houfea had been demolished'for thesake Ofthe so rich and exhaustlecs that the right explorers—theyhe. upper secured; •portion amerabie ict littlethey made to perdown, Carson jrtile plaha obs knowa edfng h o tiundanfly )separate mberiaay bsdaring moderate3r fruitful at woeid egetabfes a man's forthen. takes, upri<;ait«rai Sacanaer. it- ceafecal said that artesiaa be- h a d , jnilation.", and its aoa juxis- ita wouldmade to offa*a&present &*to the;oratone, Sandthen idprepare ises which e originalTHEIRw.-iich has- otectionof taa oflivo- akeitpe?- g Mothersjtuat they ^will of a bmitted to as to cover des&aedtoioaofsagrfaor v ay <Wor 04, if .hob*i»<Ss£ 2 •at la wiltiiHt»calnor,UM>ipoett»»ooar, and abaft b * f»3chatba«r;. •?:,,(ioa.orwfoM ,-•'">«:' »t>ch minor , ^ g , Court;W.sy-...,,.»,.-r.;'point: " Moses, for the hardness of your hearts," per- mitted easy divorce; " but from the beginning it was "not so."TB. I have said that " the divine end of Marriage is " the perpetuation and increase of the human race." By that affirmation I abide. Of course, I did not saythat Marriage has no other end than this; so all your criticismseemstomeludlcronslyinapposite. Idonot urge that in a true sexual union everything else but thethough, now that ilr. James M. Nixon has secured the lease of " Niblo's Garden," there is a project on foot to establish in Broadway an amphitheater, which shall keep its colors flying from January to New-Year's again, and prove to young and old a perennial source of equestrian delight.'It may readily be believed that in a profession whereTHEIJTCAIRN••>ISLANDERS:or hour looked like the forlorn ghost of its British pro- localized by the addition of a little transatlantic slang.the health o f men and animals, the Commission find the proportion of deaths per cent to be lower now hi the surrounding population than before the factories«t7wWdib<»•:^; . -:r, *.%ylm*»•••'.- •.-.;';«•ertuxm th* sfw - # * * RocttofInOMT'*<^f>!?•»'i•btheoryattributingthediseasetosuppessionof$hecuta- 1better,lotwewe," and*"toKvetogetherjHSeoihfdo whicixto.deriveformationcWcerning.theroutine sightandenergy^onthepartofthe-jpeoplej,thesese&jrtheyareconnectedinextensivefamiliesthatalmost Congress,orapoliticaldocumentor*newspaperbut neoussecretion*,itisdoubtfulwhetheri.itis'preoeded' vrk.a»%a h»Ido* about 6 0 riders and gynmasts, women,; men, a n dthefriends1ofthedescendantsofthemutineers,both oayBofdiscussion;anddelay*,i^^^'^io^'by^mthat' hemightturn,iaw»J:fromacarefullye&t>oratededito-I theextremetendencytosweatingwhichoccursduring•/!ferentcompact,younotmerelyusewordsunjustifia- peepata"Hippodrome"twoorthreetimesayear, andmanyofthemaredrawingsalariesOf$100per Theythsnnumbered219BOUIS,andthegreatbnlkof craticnameofNobbs. Hehasbeennearly;thirty andbyextractingthestonethroughthewound,which, bly,butyouvirtuallyconfessthebadnessofyour buttheCircusseemstobeobsolete. Itistrue week. As80onastheirmoreimportantservicesare themwereofthesameunhappydispositionwhichwe yearsamongthem,andhasdevotedhimselfentirely insuchcases,extendsdeeply,andinvolvespartswhichcause. The tradesman who counterfeits another's that,if theriderswerenotcalled "equestrians,"the requiredbythemanager,thenwill theyshineforthin readin HolyWrit broughtso hardafate uponLot's to theimprovement arid instruction of the people. itwouldbedangerous,orevenfatal,toinjure. Butby trade-marksvirtuallyconfessestheinferiorityofbis tumblers"gymnasts,"theclowna"Courtjester,"the thegreatestspangledglory. wife. Theyexpressthemostlivelyanxietytoreturn Aboutthreeyearsagoherevisitedhisnativebandand thenovelprocessentitledlithotrity,instruments,inge- own wares. I protest, then, against your using t h e horses " Arab steeds," or " coursers of the desert," and The principal performers i n Mr. Nixon's company to Pitcairn, and say that they never wished to leave it, was ordained a clergyman of the Church of England. niously contrived for the purpose, are introduced into word Marriage to designate any other union than one the ring " a magic circle," w e might still perceive in are paid as follows: Ella Zoyara, equestrian, in addi- but were cajoled by others into a passive assent to em- He is married to a grand daughter of Christian, and the bladder, and, in the hands of a skillful operator, are forlife. IfJuandB.haveagreed,Witheversomuch the"BoyalAmpitheater"ofthepresentdaysome tiontofirst-classpassagefromEnglandandbackfor barkforaplacewhichwassaidtoaboundwithevery hasthirteenchildren. Hedoesallhecantoreconcile madetobreak,crush,andpulvarizethestone,without ceremony, to Hve as man and wife until one or both of resemblance to the circus that used to captivate our self and two servants, medical attendance forself and necessary that man can want. They declare that in. the islanders to their new home, and expresses himself the necessity of any incision, and without those dan-.i•Theapprenticeshiptothebusinessislongandweari-Determinedtocutoffalltraceofthemselves,whenthemutineersreachedPitcairnIsland,theysearchedfortheonlypracticablelandingplaceandthererantheBounty aehore," where, after stripping her of all that world at large, are as prevalent comparatively among contempt and indiflerence. Audit is to this class only the inhalations after short intervale, an opposite pro->mor, wit, irony, satire, and burlesque rendered popular which they diffuse the vapors; and tall chimneys, by by that periodical, to which it owes its success and ce- quickening the draft, discharge gases which other-^ .•>••"-'weremerelygoneforashorttime,andwouldun- icsintheUnitedStateshingesou andobjects;'withregardtothelacticHaCid'theory, pretensions. But'pplitl•.';.. II' . *. Ii••-iP.-.'>Wemust,however,admitthatthechangeofnamesWANTED,ACOMICPAPER.f^.^i*Notwithstanding theadvantages ofasoilandcli-i - ~?m1folktoPitcairn^iscloseuponfivethousandmiles;and, WewantHamletTin,everybit.ofhim..Thinkofthe tients;second,that;>vto be^reeeatiniveryfew. Thelife attheeasiest,isaverywearing•:•ances of their ^younger days, b u t subside into ring-.- *4 are not to be sacrificed to the children." I hold, o n business whose quieter requirements do not necessi- bouai, but getting into difficulty with the natives, they to be by most of those who have written aT>out them.s-**The number of children eonnected.with the^Compar;•Its entire circuit, with oneWhen the British Government gave over the place, resembles theee productions. They had—and have—,.*<**might be useful to them, they burned her.Christian andhis associatestooktheOtaheiteanwo-buttomakedivorceeasyisineffecttoinvitethesen-pricedhorseswithbarbarouscruelty,itwasnotlikely stroythewholeofthem,not,however,beforethreeoftheih as among the rural population of this country or that countenance and permanent support for an enter- cedure is required for carbonic acid: A s long as one GreatBritain. priseof thiskindmustbe looked for,in thenatureof wishesthe sleeptobe prolonged,the inhalationsmustf^wpGfifl*+-*,* B M H P HBtfWHUmH!—WfcwBUB-r-TTT-«r-r •?•*-- • N, ," '} wrIu-*tfi*»»•."I.-"- J^-i-, "IW.>AI..<I/ ...I.*•t rplyturnaptheeontroveiByasitstands.L I have hitherto shown, and yon have not at-bation. Thathumanlawsmaybeeverywhereeon- tionsareimparted,areseldomexcelledinanyother theyrecognizedastheirsuperiors,presumingthatthey timber,outofwhichaboatwasconstructedbypart mustbestrongofheartanddearofhead—couldnot!I.trembling,striveintheirexercisestoexceleachother, tothemto accusethepovertyoftheirsoilthantolay withanardorwhichotherinstructorswouldbeonly theblameofbadcropsuponinferiorcultivation.tancetothenorth-eastofPitcairn. ThissketchwouldbesingularlyincompletewereIHEALTH AND DISEASE.THB OPERATION OF LiTHOTRiTTW*It hasby some personsbeenthoughtthattheskillofthemakerof8ur>kind of ingenuity may in many cases be balked of HaThe only method of effectually relieving a sufferer fromthetortureandhealth-destroyingconsequenceof stone in the bladder had been by cutting into the part,IVWhat wonder, then, that they unseamed? Their successwouldhavearguedbadlyfortheintellectual. ••'sufficient show of. piety to entitle them to a prominentwhichtimefewcontinuetoattemptthedaringperform- daysaftersailing,in April, 1789,thecrewmutinied, positicn among themostrighteousandpsalm-singing onaparwith itsavowed enemies. Punch spokeout longeraprotection. Vesselsofcopper-tinnedandcop--lightened day the whole matter is changed very much forthe better. Barey has done something, and others havedonemoretoinaugurateanewsystemofhorse-break-ing, and to accomplish that by patient kindness whichwas formerly only achieved by blows and cruelty; and ger's visit Adams was the onlysurvivor of the muti- they kill in the usual manner and haul up toflinchand ing contest between good and evil. And, being in a pleasant astbat of ether, and itis an exciter of the-mMr.WilliamCooke,equestrianmanager,passagesfor is not th e only variation from th e ancient order of self and wife from England and return, and per week,There bave been many attempts at comic journalism in connection with this subject, that Sir Astley Cooper inthiscountry,butnoneofthem(exceptthoseofsuch deviseda planofextracting stonesfromthe'bladder moderate pretensionsasplacethemoutof thepaleof wholeand entire,whenof smallsize,and thatitwas first-classhumorousliterature)haveachievedpermanent successfullycarriedoutbymeansofaninstrumentcon- success, and none of them have deserved it. It is well structed by Weiss. If, then, the "improvementJ in the•it:-*i©•:•..emeusPERFORMERS—THEIR AND THEIR PAY.WORK,too happy to excite. Alltheperformers,inadditiontodoingtheirseveralThe Bmall group of which Norfolk Island is the prin- cipal,lies intheSouth Pacific about 900mileseast north-east from Sydney. When the penal establish-to omit noticing tw o gentlemen who have done more realservicetothePitcairn islandersthan perhapsall•We who stand by Marriage as Jesus Christ established over the saw dust and tan bark, the "Field of the horses, $350, The Hanlon Brothers, six persons^ gym- Sir William Denison, Governor General of New South- andNoahWebsterdefinesithavearighttotheword ClothofSold,"a decidedadvanceonthe"Grand nasts,perweek,$300. Mr.Charlton,stiltwalker, Wales,whohastakenaveryprominentpartintrying' •"• •bMvi BiwA .• •-%mwr&. cm ...,~.<i 5 •4-V-^T«X0BXXTDATSQtKi:by Church or State but that union for life which alone istrueMarriage,istheardenthopeofxr ,r„„ Your«' HORACEGREELEY. Nac- York, March 31, I860.selves, instead o f going t o their tasks with fear and they did themselves. I t was, besides, more flattering which was lost in the right on a coral island some dis-s• production,nurture andwell-being of childrenmustbe ignored. I do insist that there must be nothing in-compatibleorinconsistentwiththis.Ifrequiredtosaywhether the union of this man with this woman istrue,nobleandhonorable,orsensual,selfish/anddebas-ing,!mustask, "Would they gladlybave children** born of it 1 Would they proudly acknowledge those"childrenbeforetheworld,andundertaketofulfilltb •beforethepublic,areobligedtodevotehoursofevery Islands. TheBountyarrivedatOtaheiteatawrong "themallthedutiesofparents?" Ifnot,theirunion, daytothebreakingandtrainingofhorses,andto seasonfortransplanting,andwasforcedtoremainagricultural implements, andseedsofvarious plantsand vegetables. Besides all this, there were two boats Head Tavern, Wych street, th e now famous Fleet-though impelled by mutual admiration and signalized by a lava-flood of passion, is shameful and unblest. The sexual union which t h e immediate parties prefer should be childless has no right to be at alLthere somesixmonths,duringwhichtimethecrewpatient, though dangerous rehearsals o f their vari-ous feats. A circus-rider is out of his apprenticeship, jermed connections with the natives the breaking up of and is a man at 16, is mature at 21, and old at 28, after which caused many heart-aches on both sides. A fewouttheisland. ThatthecommunitydescendedfromtheBounty'screwareaveryhonest,kind-heartedrace,isanabso-lute certainty, and it isalso certain that they make aI wasshockedwhen I heard an apostle ofyour faith say, some years since, " We hold that the parent?sibilityofhuman nature being aoperfect,underany democratic,inthehonestsenseoftheword,thannow,while I admit that the conduct of a husband may be troupe, himself a rider of experience, observed, " Y e s , s o o u t r a g e o u s , s o b r u t a l , a s t o j u s t i f y t h e i n n o c e n t h e ' s a s p l e n d i d r i d e r ; b u t h e ' s g e t t i n g v e r y o l d ; h e wife in requiring a separation, I insist that one who can't hold out much longer."truly comprehends the nature and purposes of-Mar-riage will n o t seek to marry another while the fatherof her children is stall living. I do not think she eouldrepresented liberal thought and progress in politics, and a poison; I n the preparation o f other than green the sunny side of commonyiense in its lighter features. pickles and preserves, the cupreoua impregnation canOur American failures reversed aH this, or nearly so. of course lend no attractive tint, and the manufacturer While slavishly copying form and fashion, they never can have no inducement whatever to solicit ite pres-sual and selfish to profane t h e sanctions o f Marriage whenever appetite and temptation may prompt. Here are a man and a woman who know absolutely nothing of each other but that they are reciprocally pleased witheachother'sappearance,andthinkmarriage would conduce to their mutual enjoyment—so they lorn a connubial partnership. Next year—perhaps nextmonth—theyhavetiredofeachother—discovered incompatibilitiesof temper—quarreled—in short, they bateeachother,astheyverywell may;sotheyare divorced, and ready to marry again. Gibbon intimates that,undertheBomanliberty ofdivoroe,bywhich Bornewasdebauchedandultimatelyruined,awomanhadeighthusband*withinfiveyears.. Mr.Owen,that they should be much more considerate to children, the masters had been killed in the affray, among whom who were of no pecuniary value. B at in this more en- was Christian. One of the mutineers committed Bui-whenever you shall have succeeded in appropriating in every point the best establishment o f th e kindourwordMarriageasa fig-leaf forthissort of thing, ever in the country, has been in the businesslikelytopreservetheplaceinthesameconditioninwhich pacitymaycommandrespect,evenwhenalliedtoun- thatitcanbegraduadedatwill,thenecessary^quantity they left it. They killed all the pigs and dogs, so that scrupulousnesB, but dullness with mean and vicious of carbon to determine the insensibility.yonwillcausaastoinventorappropriate some other J'term to characterize what toe mean by Marriage; a n dthenyouwillverysoondropyourowndishonoreddee- ignatkm andcome covetingonrsagain. Soplease leaveuswhatbelongstous,andchooseanewtermfor your arrangementnow.' **ItW very hard," said a culprit io the judge who *^in$encedbis,"thatIshouldbe*oseverelvpunishedthe former might not'destroytheir gardens,northe proclivitiesisintolerable. ' .latterhuntdOwn thegoatsand sheepupon'theisland. Now,afirst-classcomicpapermustbe,fromtheout- PATHOLOGT OTBHEUMATISM.—A writer in meof They posted notices upon the doors of their houses re- set, unmistakablyiiberal in politics. Ignoring this inauy the English medical jourrals analyzes the "prevailing;<judge, " y o u are no* so punished for merely stealing a'^fOT^aerely'steaHng* horse/'*Man," repliedthethebusiness, wagesare high.kAnother reasonwhythe remuneration should be liberal, lies in the fact that,streetjester, after hisfirststruggleforexistence, eoon began to manifest th e pluck that w a s in him. H e assailed abuses, attacked wrongs, defended theright,tooka decidedand unmistakablepositionin defense of its. There was no miserable non-committal-ismabouthim,nobalf-heartedandwhole-cowardlyat- temptstoservoGodandthedevilinthesamebreath. Stilllesswasthereanypimpingandpandering-to wrong, any connivance at it by civil speech toward its inflictors orpoco-curant* affectation of putting themevenshouldnountowardaccidentextinguishlifeorPitcairn Island derives no ordinary degree of inter- est from the mutiny of the Bounty, a vessel sent by the Briii&hGovernment, in 1788,to bring plants oftheoffifteentonseach,quantitiesofslopclothing,and tools for various handicrafts. The Pitcairn people oc- cupied the houres originally intended for the officers of the establishment,and hadnotmadeanyattempttodisable limb, the active years of a circus performer are..T1an iJTAH..aiuMi* YJLMT XflF NB^YCtttKDAILYTRIBUNE,SATURDAY.APRIL^1869. :J>"«Srtf*?*F*T90Dfttv&<gA'••> tf *~a>vrP38t ov<r V .'35$,JVI» 0 vdButitisnotso,Mr.Owen,eveninIndiana. Menand compelledbyharshwordsorthelash,toperformtheir rals. Energy anddecision areqtwlitieagone from Wefoundthat duringtheirabsenceseveraloftheir points oftheenemy, thethouaand-and-one perfectlyEntree," and the costly dresses, and other appoint- passages, etc., $125. Mr. Duverney, contortionist,to establish them on Norfolk; that the climate and way Whatyouadvocateisojdteanotherthing—bepleased mentsofthemodernCircusmuchmorecomelytothe passages,etc.,$125. Mile.Heloise, equestrienne, oflivingdonotsuittheirconstitutions,and{everand—Weshouldlike todoit,but thatwould protractour workoftheyoungsterswiththeirteachers.*Thepa-island,thesepliantpeoplelistenedwithdeference,and whaleshipsfrequentingthatsea. Iafterwardlearned articlebeyondreasonablelength. Besides,themineisformed to the IMvine, and no sexual union hallowed schools of youthful training, and the children them- knew the nature of their necessities better than of- the crew of the American ship "Wild, Wave,"fafl to discoveritsnumerous avenues.H •tempted t o disprove, that Jtfarriage i«, according t oeverystandarddictionary,aunionfor Ufaindissolublesithepleasureofthemarried,oreitherofthem.Ihajve insisted that yon bave no right to use this import-antwordinavitallydifferent*en«efromthatgiventoitbythegreatlexicographers. Whatyou favormaybeeversomuchbetterthanMarriage(thoughIbelieveitXar'otherwise),bntitiamanifestlynotthesamething,andyonoughttogiveitadistinctivename. thesubjectofactorsardtheirpay,andtheservicethey thesame;also,toappearandremainonthestagein terestedthemselvesinthewelfareofthePitcairn ty-fiveyearsago. Theotherisagentlemandescended fruitbythesubstitutionofmilder.means,sometimesit "WTxnI»TO.toldthattwopersonaaremarried,Xun-renderforthemoneytheyreceive;itienowproposed properdresees,forthepurposeoffillingthesceneand^Islanders,procured.agrantofituponcertaincondi- fromoneofthebestfamiliesofGreatBritain,and„wouldappeartobeevokedbytheveryhnprVvementB derstand that they have covenanted to live together as to devote a column or two to the work and wages of giving a gay and animated appearance to the stage. H tions from the British Government, and in May; 1856, was formerly an officer in the British navy, arid after- which are the pledge of the advance of surgery. A re- hnsbandandwife,notduringpleasure,bntduring thoeeengagedinthecircusbusiness. Though,ifwe thepublicsupposethatthepeoplewhostandaboutthe thewholeinhabitantsofPitcairnembarkedonaBhip wardinthatofChillunderLordCochrane,withwhom markableinstanceinpointisthecomparativelyrecent jSfa, The dictionaries, the Christian religion, the gen- may believe the advertising posters," there are no more ring in groups while th e principal performances are sent from Sydney, to remove them to Norfolk Island. he saw some hard fighting in driving the Spaniards operation of Jithotrity.or"star"or"single"ac'sin thering,arerequiredtotheirotherfriendstogether. Oneofthem,Mr.Buffet, gicalinstrumentsisdestinedtobelessandlessrequirod appearinanycapacityassignedtbeminthescenic mentonNorfolkIslandwasremovedtoPortArthur waschiefofficerofamerchantshipandsettledamong intheprogressofthehealingart;but,althoughthisInalatearticlewesetouttoenlightenthepubliconpiecesandspectacles,andtoattendtherehearsalsof inYaemania,aridtheplaceabandoned,thosewhoin-thesepeople,andbecametheirschoolmastersomethir-eia] conaeat of my countrymen and .of the civilized circueea—we have "Amphitheaters" in every city; going on are mere " Supers," aired for the purpose, The writer's acquaintance with this singular little from the Pacific Being tired of adventure, and hav- world,fullyjustifymeinthatconception. When, "Equestrianestablishments"constantlyperegrinate thenisthepublicwithallitssagacitymistaken;forcommunitycommencedatNorfolkIslandinNovember, ingconceivedromanticideasofhappinees,hewentto therefore, you apply the term Marriage to a very dif- the country, and every village in all the land has a these liveried men are the best performers in America, 1858, while cruising among the islands of the Pacific. Pitcairn island under the assumed, and not very aristo-them shall seefitto separate and form new relations, they may be ever so wisely and rationally paired, but theyarenotmarried..Imadethispointasstrongly before: ourreaderswilljudgewhether youbaveorhave not met it. A t all events, I mind the Apostle's things; the gutta percha ring is a great improvementc injunctionto "Hold fast theform ofsoundwords." $500. JamesBobinson, equestrian,forselfandthreeyouthful hearts, and set ourjuvenile heels turning over our adolescent heads for weeks after its departure.,perfectly satisfied with his lot.gers to the patient which attend the operation of litho- tomy. Here the aid of the mechanist was called in t o contributetothesuccessofoneofthegreatesttriumphs of modern operative surgery. It is also well known,place of the promised plenty, they can, with five timesservants, carriage and horses whenever required, and the amount of exertion required, from them at Pitcairn,abenefiteverytwoweeks,receivesperweek,$500. barelyobtainsubsistence.Theycomplainthattheirchiefdietconsistsofsweet potatoesandasmallamountof animal food, afforded by the carcass of one bullock per week,which^salltheyare permittedtoslaughterbyB IV ,Biimby which that relation has ever been characterized.to give it a distinguishing name. Then if w e call our critical eye than the tawdry, tarnished trappings that $100; Mile. Clementine, equestrienne, $100; M. and asthma prevail to a great extent among them, and to point out, if possible, how success may be achieved. ered, they will b e found to depend on, simplification,shone so brilliant to our boyish vision. • Madame Du Bach, equestrians, $100; Master Barclay, Manyoftheobjectionablefeaturesoftheoldcir- equestrian,tenyears old,$75;Mr.Whitby,ring cus have been purged away—the broad, a n d t o o master and equestrian, $100; Mr. S. Stickney, equestrian oftengroesjokes oftheclownhavebeenabol- andgeneralperformer,$100;Mr.J.Pentland*,clown, in our nest. I f you demand liberty to form temporary ished, and that spotted personage mitigated $100; Mr. Ellingbam, ring master and general per-finally that Sir W . Denison has intermeddled with theirlawsandintroducednewoneswhichareexceed- ingly unpopular.compact by yoar name, the public will understand that weadmityouruniontobemorerational,honorable, ennobling than ours. A t a l l events, w e warn you off ourpremises,andinsistthatyoushallnotlayyoureggsWe deny that Americans are deficient in that sense of the ludicrous which is a part o f Anglo-Saxon life, which, in England, is so natural a part that every man ineverygradeofsocietyisregardedasaborewho£nd if on novel appliances, yet on inventions, which: have afforded new means o f relief to the sufferer, or have tended to introduce the gentler and less formida- blemethodsofoperation,whicharealwaysthechar- acteristicoftheenlargementofsurgicalknowledge.»•MANUFACTORIES PREJUDICIAL T O HEAL TH.—Aninquiry of some importance has been instituted by the Belgium Government on the influence of cheinlcal man- ufactories on animal and vegetable health. For soma years, a notion had grown into a belief that certain manufactories were prejudicial to health and vegeta- tion ; and so much disquiet arose thereupon, that a Gov- ernment commission was appointed—two chemists and two botanists—who, commencing their inquiry, pur Buedit carefully for several months, confining them- selvestofactoriesinwhichsulphuricacid,soda,cop- peras,andchlorideoflimeweremade. Thetwo chemistswatchedtheprocess,andnotedtheescapeof gases from the chimnies. They consider soda factories tobethemostnoxious,andtallchimneysmorehurt-Landing is only practicable on the northern andfroma verbose blackguard to an imbecile of few former, $40;Mr.Armstrong, equestrian arid general southernsidesofNorfolk,ontheformerofwhichIwent wants it,and the veryphrase with thousands, even1unions, w e wiQ consider that demand; but you mustnot call them marriages; for, though, they may be t h e woidB. The reprehensible exhibition of very young performer, $40; W . Kincaid, do., $40; W . Pastor, do,.,ashore and walked across theialandby a very tolerable roadaboutthreemilestothe"Settlement."Thisisland has beeri, by moBt of those who have written about it, greatly overpraised, and, by consequence, upon a first visit one's expectations of an " earthly paradise" are far from being realized. I t is true that the scenery is very pretty and diversified, and that the pines, which have taken their name from the island, are very beauti- ful, mOre especially so when viewed from the sea. But the soil, though apparently rich, is farfrom being really fertile, and I was informed by some of the most intelli-among edmated men, for notfindinga thing acceptable is " seeing no fun" in it. When Dickens doubted our capacity for humor, pronouncing our temperament " o f" a dull and gloomy character," and only conceding " shrewdness of remark and a certain cast-iron quaint- ness" to the people of New-England, the unparalleled popularity of his own works among us might have cor- rected him. Waiving discuesion of the question, in it- self by no means complimentory to our national appro-bativeneee, w e shall suppose it settled in our favor. Now, to what has been offered us, and then to what wewant.1isametoyou,theyarefarotherwisetous. childrenindangerousperformancesisnownearlydone $30;W.Bertine,do.,$30:Brennan,do.,$25;Niel,do., . t II.AstotherreligiousorChristianviewofthesub- awaywith,andseveralotherunpleasantfeaturesof $25;F.Sylvester,do.,$20;A.Sylvester,do.,$80;W.know what Hebrew, Greek, Boman laws and customs respecting the marital union were in Christ's day; w e know that Jesus propounded and bis disciples accepted a very different law—that of Marriage Indissolubleformances improved in excellence, a s th e public taste clamored for something better than could be done by the feeble perambulating-shows of old. A traveling circus twenty or thirty years ago, consisted of perhaps$20; four lady equestrians, per week each, $20; and twenty ballet girls, and twenty Bupernumaries.The grooms, carpenters, and other subordinatec re- ceive about what is paid for similar services else-I I -%Bill lit! inUs$ illmiI I! '(;••A: J.mili1|31iM l i siill Iffimi 1If! 8nr->%such performances, which every one will readily re- call to mind, are now unknown. The establishmentsWard, slack rope and clown, $30; Prof. Yates, balletject, I rest on the simple, explicit averment of Jesus ofNazareth, as universally understood and regarded b ythe Christian Church fo r eighteen centuries. W e have wonderfully increased in dimensions, and the per- Buggies, $20; Davenport, $20; Foster, $20; Peterson,batbydeath,orbythatcrimewhichisdeathtoallthe adozenperformers,whowereexpectedtoperform where.Inadditiontothesesalaries,alltravelingex- gentoftheislandersthatitwillonlyproduceIn-sanctitiesofmarriage. WeknowthatOrthodoxand equestrianWondersonthetwentyorthirtywretched pensesarepaidbythemanager.Heretic,CatholicandProtestant,literalandliberal, horsesthatwerecompelledtodothedoubledutyof Thislistwillgiveanideaofthewagespaid. It-willwith barely exceptions enough to prove the.rule, running in the ring at night, and draggingthe beteenthattheremuneration is liberal. ThoughthehaveunderstoodtheSaviour'sdoctrineofMarriage dozenorsoricketywagonsbyday.Butnow,a averagedurationofthelivesoftherideraisveryshort,throughout the Christian centuries as I do to-day. hippodrome concern, comprises 90 horses, and 120That this Christian doctrine of Marriage is a chief men and women, and when performing in large the gymnastic department of the profession is veryreason for the moral, intellectual and even material eities, they not unfrequently add a dramatic corps to healthy, and those who devote themselves exclurively It ii supremacy of Europe over Asia in our day, I do most their own strength, and produce with great splendor to that are, barring accident, usually very long-lived.diancornaridsweetpotatoesinsufficientplentytore-wardthelaborofcultivation. NorfolkIslandcontains about 9,000 acres, of which some 1,500 have beencleared,butonlyhalfofthisisarable. Thesettlementis built at the landing-place, on the southern side, and gestive of failure—but also in the various forms of hu- ful than short ones, because of the greater surface over consists of some solid blocks of buildings. There is afirmlybelieve;youwillregarditasyouthinkfit. playsandspectaelesinwhichequestrianeffectsarethe Thesalariesarehigh,butscarcelybighenough,weprison capable of containing some two thousand men,together with barracks for their military guard, com-missariatstores,hospital,housesforthegovernor,chaplains, officers, turnkeys and overseers; the wholeformingadesertedanddesolatescene,thatinconnec-tion with the many mounds and tombstones in the cem-etery, in th e immediate neighborhood, tells a melan- totype, or as if made up of its rejected contribations, choly tale of the former inhabitants and the terriblewise would be absorbed in the passage. Hence, con- trarytothecommonlyreceivedopinion,theyholdthat there is less dispersion of deleterious vapors with aAnd as to Moses and his law, with all you have to saymainfeature. Wehavehadconsecutivemonthsof presume,toinducemanytoleaveotherbranchesofExtinct,usedup,deadandburiedshapesofCockneythese performances here, but.as yet we haveno containedinthefewwordsofJeeusonthatvery cisatlantic"Astley's"permanentlyrootedinoursoil, sivelytothebreak-neckprofession.of them,all theanswer that seems tome neededis^^jlthe constant risk of life and limb is a matter of dailybread,andwherean«tcc«eioxud;brokenneckisanin- about1,C00feetinbight,clothedtotheirsummitswith"$master, $25; Mr. Stark, general performer, $25; S.industry for the purpose of devoting themselves exclu-jocularity have been revived, revamped, resurrected,andsporteduntilthe"AmericanPunch"oftheday ehortchimneythanatallone.AsregardstheeffectonAll alone, and far tway from other bands, in the midst of the South Pacifc, lies a little island about twomisery of the thousands that must have labored out their existence here without hope.Fungoto>\nz. comedy of Ben Jonson'B, who imitates the fine gentleman's drees, but always has the mortifi- cation of diecovering b is prototype is' one suit aheadwere established. :•% »•'-PICKLES AND PRESERVES.—Both of these tarietiea of food, as purchased%t the stores, are frequently con- taminated—certain impurities being purposely added, whilethepresenceofothersmaybeattributedtoacci-dent. Foremost in importance are the poisonous adul- terations,and these chieflyrefer tothe admixtureof copper. It unfortunately so happens that copper is the onlyavailablemetalforthepurposesofmanufacturing vessels of capacity suitable for the pickle-maker and wholeeale confectioner. Iron vessels are inadmissible onaccountof thefacilitywithwhich that*metal dis- solves, and the disagreeable color it imparts. Iron ves- sels,linedwithporcelain,answerwell enoughfor emailquantities,andatfirst.Vesselsofthismaterial,however,cannotbeprocuredbeyondverymoderate dimensions, a n d , beside this, t h e internal porcelain glaze, in process of time, cracks, arid ifcUs to be anymiles long and one broad.or two exceptions, is perpendicular, and will not allowof any landing. I t s center terminates i n lofty cliffs, head of black cattle, about twenty brood mares andhorses,andInnumerablequantitiesofpigsandpoultry. cident inseparable from the legitimate carrying on of the most luxuriant verdure, while their bases a r e To tblfl splendid gift was add six mouths' provisions,skirted with thicklybranching evergreens,whichaf- ford a welcome retreat from the burning rays of a trop- icalt\s.m^one, especially upon those devotedtotheequestrianbranchesofit,who,inadditionto their performances bread-fruit tree from Otaheite to the WestjIndia locatethem*elvesonspotssuitedforcultivationthrough-The writer of this article w a s lately watching one ofthemostdashingridersoftheageattemptsomenewplicity of the people, have suggested to visitors a picture ed,inducedtennativewomenandtenmentocomewhichtheirownimaginationshavereproducedastrue.summitofthehillbeforetheybegintheirmarchdown thedecline?peopleunder'similarcircumstanceswhohadenjoyed cerity of.their audience, andaddressed onlyits INHALATIONOFCARBONICACID.—A<fcordingtothe thesame amount ofinstruction. I amsatisfiedthat sordid and selfish impulses. They were, in experimentsmadebyDrs.OzanamandFaureofFrance, thoselittlelikesanddislikes,thoseeinsofoarnature politics, Pro-Slavery, avowed or latent; inone theeffectsofcarbonicacid,wheninhaledasananaesthe- fromwhichtheirsecludedpositiondoesnotshield case arraying themost intelligent andmoralof tic,resemblethoseofether,butaremorefugitive;and them,andtowhich theyareequallyexposedwiththe the communityagainst them,intheother,provoking whileitis necessaryinthe caseofetherto!interruptinthematterofchildren,thecircuspeoplehavealso learnedthatgentlenessisofmoreeffectthanbarbarity. Manyoftheprofessionalsbringuptheirownchildren to the business; and, of course, where the parents over- seethetraining,theoffspringarenotlikelytosuffer.Mr. James M.Nixon, themanager ofthecircuscompanylately atNiblo's Garden, andwhichianeers. Hebadbeenboatswainof'theBounty,and,if tryouttheoil.Thistradewascommencedbythem thoroughlyfalseanddespicableposition,theirattempts ualiva. Ozanamsays-thattheethers,chloroform,and**&ghorse,butthaihortetwaynotbestolen." Thedis- Thisisabouttheroutinethateveryperformerhasto IslandhaveoccasionallyT>eensubjecttoscarcityof^- .'£jK*Wseen»to>meclearandvitaL-Theweddedin gothrough. :.;-n-^.;.r-..!•:•.'.'.•;:>..-provisions.;Ithasbeenasserted!bysome,andjgene-conveyr;si many o f them- badk as I would engage to vital interest to humanity, both white<and black. Here different fibrous structures of the body; third, that other takeatfiftydbBara.a.head,spayableatSydneybybills isanexhauaflesBsubjectfor^ehone4t>mploymentof acidsbeinginexcessinthesecretions,andthereforepe*drawnbytheirchief magistrate againstwhaleoiland humor, ^ff«^i^i^W^M"^^^rS^ eiblyintheblood,theymaybeasmuchthecauseoftipthere were eome two thousand sheep, eeveral hundredworse faults, too—want of honesty, truth, courage, and humanity.When Punch w a s born and baptized over a bowl oftheliquor ofhisname,inthe Shakespeare'aper-eilvei ed are open to a similar objection, the protec- tivecoatingwearingawayafteratime.Setting aside the difficulty offinding,a substitute for olutionary failures of 1848 is distinctly perceptible in his copper, the beautiful green tint which it imparts to cer-were not heard of for many years. sible, upon a short acquaintance, to extract from them proposed interference to prevent the artist, Dojle, sup- naturally green; but persons who are attracted by the I n 1 8 0 8 C a p t a i n F o l g e r , o f N a n t u c k e t , w h i l e o n a a n y i n f o r m a t i o n r e g a r d i n g t h e p r i v a t e h i s t o r y o f t h e p l y i n g t w o f r e s c o e s t o t h e p a v i l i o n a t B u o k i n g h a n i b e a u t y o f c o l o r , s h o u l d b e a r i n m i n d t h a t i t i s o n l y i m -sealing voyage in the Pacific, called at Pitcairn Island, little failings wherein the members of thejr community Palace. Every way The London Charivari worthily parted at the cost of health, and by the incorporation ofand after they had sent Captain Bligh, and those who wouldnotjointhem,adrift,inanopenboat,theyborepeople. It is quite absurd, however, to suppose the pos-frankly and fairly, being in those early days much moremasters, or clowns, or adopt other branches Of the away in the Bounty for Otaheite. They reached Tou- circumstances, as the Pitcairn islanders are represented when the reactionary feeling following the great rev-tate constant break-neck exposure.tain pickles and preserves holds out an inducement t o its adoption.. This green color is peculiarly attractive insuchpreservesasgreengagesandgooseberries,alsothe contrary, that the lives of true parents are filledwith acts of self-sacrifice for their children—that theirliveshavebeenwell spentwhohavegiventothe. world offspring nobler than themselves. A n d , and difficult feats at rehearsal, when a member of the aboard, when they cut the cable and put to sea, and With all their simplicity of manner, itisquite impos- much resentment On the part o f the Queen, that she in all pickles the vegetable components o f which arewere compelled to leave, and proceeded to Otaheite. Here Christian and nine others, after the rest had band-The romance of their early history, and the great sim-pages as throughout English society. Indeed, his con- tinuous ridicule, both o f p e n a n d pencil, directed- againstPrinceAlbertwassaidtohaveprovokedsoImpelled by curiosity, the writer asked the ageof and supposing it to be uninhahited, was much sur- retemble mankind as known to us eleewhere. If we the equestrian veteran, and the reply was, " He must prised to see a canoe with two men of a light brownish make due deduction for the absence of all the pomps be nearly 27 years old." There was no affectation in complexion approach his vessel, but was still more so and vanities of this world, and the consequent tempta-look those children in the eye with all a mother's con- scious purity and dignity while realizing that their fatherandherhusband,bothliving,weredifferent men. NordoIfeelthatshecouldbetothemallthat amothershouldbeundersuchconditions.IV.Theviceofourage,,themainsourceofiteaherra-tkms,ieamorbidEgotism,whichoverridesthegravestsocialnecessitiesinitsmadpursuitofindividual,per-sonal ends. Your fling at that " intangible generality some. Children usually begin as early as thir*eyeaTs called Socixrr" i s directly in point. Y ou are con- old, and work with more or less assiduity until they are-eerned chiefly forthose who,having married unfor- 16,whentheyaregenerallyconsideredoldenoughtobetunateryifnotviciously,seekrelief fromtheir bonds; theirownmasters. Informertimes,thesechildrenwereJ,amanxiousrathertoprevent,oratleasttorender manyofthempickedupinthestreets,andthereisno appeartohavegotonwellforatime,andtohaVe.cul-infrequent, immoral and unfit sexual unions hereafter. doubt that theee human waifs had a hard time of it, for, tivated with success gardens of considerable extent. hold meetings among: themselves, at which the When an unlucky bribe turned the course of Gilray the inhalations are stopped, the waking is almost im- The miseries of the unfitly mated may be deplorable; in the d-?ys when riders sometimes treated their high- But at length the shaves rising, they were forced to de- women take n o inconsiderable share of the conver- the caricaturist's humor into an unnatural channel, he mediate. The experiments of Ozanam and Faure havethis aoggestive remark; for although the rider who wasthe rubjectnf conversation has not yet reached the ripeageof27years,behasforelevenyearsbeenoneof Theirstorywassoontold;theywerethedescendants thebrighteststarsintheequestriangalaxy.How oftheremnantofthelong-lostandlong-searched-formanymeninanyotherprofessionstandsolongonthe Bounty'screw..recognized, or else were too mean and tinid to adopt,ence; but that presence is almost a necessity, so long aswhen they hailed him in good English to throw them ations to evil, for which they are indebted totheir iso-la'ed life, w e shallfindthat the islanders have not moremoralitythanweshouldbeledtoexpectfromany theprinciple. Theydistrustedthehonestyandsin- coppervesselsareemployedinthemanufacture.rope, and then asked hia permission to come aboard.menaswivesandreducedthementobondage. TheyTheislandersgenerallyretiretorestveryearly,and things,forwitandhumoraretheplay ofintellect,nor be Continued; these canbeprolonged ten,twenty, risewiththesun.Whennotbusilyemployed,they bavetheyeverbeenprofitablyprostitutedtobaseends. thirtyminutesandmore,withoutdangertolife.Whensation.Thewomenassistinthecultivationofthe instantlybecamedull,andonlypopularwiththeparty neverresultedindeath.Whendeathdoestakeplace, ground, and in fact are more employed than the men. which had bought him. These publications fought on it is slow, progressive, and one can predict for somemeasureofself-defensebyhiscompanions.TheTest areverynumerousaroundtheisland,andIhaveseen spirtingforlornridiculeatallwhodidotherwise,or tothepointofproducingsleep,atl«a*tmotility felt all died natural deaths, and atthe time of Captain Fol- them close in shore almost in the breakers. These who were in earnest in the ever-changing, never ceas- the first effects. Its taste is slightly piquant,^bout asthe side of the strong against the weak, or, like Gow time in advance the moment of its arrival, by consider- cide, and another, becoming deranged and exceedingly of the men have taken to shore whaling and been tol- Chrom, in Scott's "Fair Maid of Perth," "for their ing the condition of the heart and thepupfls: Faure violent, wasknocked onthe"headwith anax,as a erably successful. A t oertain seasons small whales own hand" only, and that i n a short-sighted sense, and Ozanam say that they have respited the gas, i f notIn r rlhVrto^ .T^thoaewho •^U^r^M^'i^^^f^.s^oia) to embark, and, while professing to.\bo democratic.1 . BCardly a debate in t^,., arethuswedded,thecovenantto "takeeachotherfor every department, Will serveasthebestsourcefrom Ihink, howe^erjthat:by;the exercise ofadittle&re--part,'hasnoterrors; theyenteruponftwithouthesi- tation,an^fn^WamditlonS^withoutregret. Butto the Kbertme, t&e egotist, the: selfish, sensual seeker o f: dutiesrequired^and'theweeklymoniespaid,there^r, jansofwantmighthavebeen!gr^jitlymitigatedJn, deservethenameofclans,itcouldnotbesettledamong isfullofsuggestions.'ThedullestofmenVcariperf-by"greatersuppressionthantheprodromata--ofallin- tto circus performers. * Mr. Nixon's'company consists 'severity, 'tf'not'altoge^er'''ayoid^' Be thisjw,it mayi , shefsfslves who should come." "F^ally,*and after many ceive^ th«>^^ p o i n t : o f ^ ^ f ^ S S ^ f ^ ^ S ^ w**& flammatory ^^^f^^^'^f^^^^^^1'th**children,amc^ngtbelatterof whomarethreechildren •*. <*fe^^'Iadisso^ obstacle,a i <two gfrls and one boy) of the manager^^Beside - a terror; and God forbid that it should ever these,; the foroa-of -grooms, carpenters; sand> iotherin"the Pacific andhi England,boughtthatthe offlyT^ewP rial.; Em^on^hio)Mjof^/anacutaattackof ^plained by another theory.«^" In order to establish a the--Mir'tmiumlurt presentenjoyment atwhatever costtosuw>r^ef forfliepeopleloealityw&ereWgrete ftMftfonta numbers nearly or quj^aemauy morej »;i h j|3h|ati»|pi$^^<\:&ouId^embark^andajth^ hlt^rriumber^duldi have Bank President's argument with regard to some ques- tion-ofp^*&M*t?^>el'rai&*z*ll*w•***»> K^ftworo understood that w k a h ^ ^ ^ o* w ' ^ ^fil-coneeiyed- be^^^ v# ( M M^xecelved^haistjfdrs^^pO} or *wo-thirds.of thftoriginal 'm^^t^^^x^$4<» «<&veyjag ^mtcen* men,ing entirely de^tibyed^by a^Methodist deacon's utter* 8jiio^WO"^^'t?ii3fiB^^ when the laugh was- theymigM unaarry themselves whenever satiety,or disgust, or mnteal dislike, should prompt to that step.becomeadei^aut.peepJe,#ndinst^. 1 eare o f ihefi aorenti; 'Those" parsons wno" Have TSBKI their""own1"eexeerrttiioonss^ttoo ssuppllyttheeiirrwanttss,,ttheeyllookMbedthepotionJhatchxTdronarenow,asformerly,|forsupportfromBishops,andGovernors,andAdmi-jafterapassageofforty-twedays.W e might easily indicate, i n detail, the vulnerable low ed by local affections in some fibrous tissue.N. TUntitled Documentsac • 1 IIIIII11Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Fish are abundant; and some of the more enterprisingwe exceptbisoneerror,appearstohavebeenamanofsingulargoodsenseandpiety..Fromawell-thumbedBible h e inculcated sound religious ideas among theris'nggeneration. Tothisdayheisregardedbythemasthefatherofthe little community. Hedrewup'averysimplecodeoflawstowhichthesepeoplearemuch attached, and by which they are still governed.On Christmas daya chief magistrate and councilorare elected for the coming year: all oversix-teenyears o f age,,both male and female, are voters;the.chiefmagistratethenchooseshissecretary.The :questingvieifcors.nottoharmthem,astheowners flttimptofthe,kind,issimplysinkingto"second-rate1doctrinesregardingtheintimatenatureofrheumatism, dutyofthemagistrateistoconvenemeetingsandhearfrom earliest childhood. He wasonce celebratedas a four horse rider, a slack-rope performer, and apoeturist. HisownapprenticeshipwasservedwithAaron Turner, the pioneer of the circus business in thiscountry,asfollows:Groom,withinstructionsintheringbusinets,2years,LampTrimmerditto,6months,BingBuilderditto,6months,Performer2years,BingMaster1year,EquestrianManager1year.Hewasthen mateinwhicheverytropicalfruitandvegetable,to-considered"outofhistime,"andcompetenttomake getherwithmanyofthosenaturaltocolderregions, notwithstandingthevesselwhichIhadtherewas tremendousscopeopentoacomicjournalofthij3tortl excess,itwouldbedifficulttotraceconnectioabetween:.hisownengagementsandtakecareofhisownmoney. growswithgreatluxuriance,theinhabitantsofPitcairn onlyahundredtunsburden,theycharteredherto ItmustassumedecidedgrounWori;aquestionOfsuch thiscircumstanceandtheexudationsinandaboutthecases,whicharethenleft„teajuryoffivepersons. Punishmentsaregenerallybyfinesorhardlabor.doubtedlyreturn.: ;>bv*w)-u' t-'n-fS'.yM'•'•'••• Slavery. Tryingtospeakofonewithoutallusionto wbichrnaybesaidtobetheonemostgenerallypre- In order to obtain favorable winds, thedistance theotherrecallstheproverbial performance ofHam- vailingat preeemv-first.that lactic-acid hasnotbeen Whichashiphastosailinmaking'apassagefromNor- letwiththepartofthePrinceofDenmarkleftout. showntobeinexcessinthebloodofrheumaticpa-atamusingseldomroseabovemediocrity,andwereof- tenbelowcontempt.carbonic oxide determine anasstbesfiv'by robbingthe arterialbloodofitsoxygen,soastoproducecarbonic acid, and thus making the blood venous. CatbOnic add itselfdoeenotdecomposetheblood;itremoveswiththeview Ofobtainingthemeanstopaytheirpas-sagebacktotheirfavoritehome,fortheyhaveallalong flattered themselves with the idea of eventuallyreturningtoPitcairn.Whentheywereabouttoembarkfromit,inI856;theytooksuchstepsasappearedtothem andworseforthemoralcaliberofthecommunity.Ca- principlefromit;butcontributesprogressively,andsoory of j&ew&sj&m lifeS^SIS^SraB** &*•nomena of the disease, andfindsthat fatigue, exposureto coldy mental emotions, 01 aome other- depressing mm$$& >,with-somewpigsand.dogs,toPft- loudagahi^hni Howmuchmore,then,theforceof ag^,:exerc^ n^u^oiial^rodactfoa cairn. I landed them afi"in safety, «ui^ tears of joy, ridicule when pointed by justice and humanity? - -^eoriW symploms making then* nrstappiarauee, a * .'— "«!•toconsiderthecausesofthesenumerousfailures,and apparatusandinstrumentsofsurgeonsbethusconsid-Nearlyalloftheattemptsmentionedabovehavefol- lowedthePunchmodel,notonlyinshape,size,and general appearance—which has been done to such an extentthattheveryaspectoftheseimitationsissug-lebrity, and all thiB, too, to the extreme of servility. www.fultonhistory.com».-,.<,fc.v.-— ^ggaa-gg^-*. 