 *•3»>i goe«] eayofcertainhorses;that"theylookoverthewholo fromit,discouraged;buttheyhavecapacities,ifthey ject. Itis-pleasanttofindanauthorcapableof fage-van. TheSloughofDespondisbridgedover,ground." The out-door life, and hunting, and labor, would employ them." Shall wo then judge a country intend of the antique roll or parchment #iveu by giveequalvigortothehumaneye.Afarmerlooksout bytiemajority,orbytheminority?Bytheminority, resistingthetemptations towhichthe work Evangelist,yoiiprocureamuchmoreconvenientamarf at you as stroig as the < or.se; his eye-beam is like the surely, "lis fedantry to estimate nations by the con- must necessarily have exposed him, and confining square tiekot. The old foud and dispute between Prinee stn kc of a staff. An eye can threaten h>o a loaded st,f, or by sqni re miUs of land, or other than by thrirnr.d leveled gun, or can insult like hi.-sing or kh-king; or, in its altered mood, by betyps of kindness it can mtke the heart dance with joy.•—MEW ^PUBLICATIONS.intn the matter twnoninious baj/gs^e, but a stupendous antagonism, a iot. concentiated into good manners, forms accepted bydragging together of the poles of the Universe. He^ the eecee of all, can reach: the contradictors and rul-enlarges^uf field jbf action. *^Vo hay> adobivtotory songs and sonnets,Tienoe, from the time-^aCBESON'8 dONDUCT OF LIFE. TOTCONDUCTOFUJTR.BR.W.Ewn»wxBrno,pp*betrayshisrelationtowhatis,,below,niui—thick-ersatpublicandpri\'£Uetables,whoareliketeirriors,tothc*ewbohaverefined,lifebyelegant,pursuits.ricalexpresionsofEnglishandAmericanlovo.THJBNORTHBRITISHREVIEW.''.t-h'7« « . TlckaorfcFMd..sknllt d, t-n>alW.rained» fishy, quadMinanoua—qnadrn. who conceive it the duty of a dog ;ef honor'to growl 'Tis 'to finj£> FOUIS who serve us, and not what u d i e hunt red and twenty-six poets ; chant to wpee iU-msfruieed, haidly escaped, iuto biped, and hi i at any passer-by, and do the honors of the house by caBed fine society. Fine sotiety is only a self-paidioriherowTOwe»sbyloesefsomeofitheolI harkinghimputofsight:Ihaveeeenmenwhonoign protection-aeaiiistthevulgaritiesofthet-treetandthe theirpassion,theirhope,theirbliss,theirdoubt,& Go.Tbe lending articleii in this nn\^W»r areT%dpositionassumed byMr.Emersonintbift rOtaeao is that of an expounder of certain frag* Peatery ethical principle*. It lays no claim tothe character of a complete philosophical system, ptopo«nds no code of action that may be nicely the adjustment of all human relations,in.spit* of any intimation* on the title-page, is free from the presumption of attempting to regulate " t h e whole duty of man." Indeed, as we gather from these pages, as well as from theprevious writings of the • author, he has little faith in the pretension* of philosophy. A connected, systematic exhibition of truth in any department of knowledge, is, in his view, an impossibility. No "one but a charlatan or an ignoramus would engage in such a desperate task. The wise manconfine* his riskm to a limited sphere, and hasonlf. to report; faithfully the glances and glimpsesof reality that may be vouchsafed to him. Theuniverseisloovasttobeexploredbythere-seacches of man, and our faculties ate too im-perfect to inspire much confidence in their de-cision*, -y&lthocgh Mr. Emerson is sometimesspoken of as a philosopher, we think, .that is thelast: character to which he would wish,to assert af^r "fig •***••; . . .title. Some have even represented him as an expo* rimi of German philosophy, or of French philos- ophy^ or of the dim Orjeutal philosophy of an early age* • Nothing could be more absurd. Mr. Emerson is the exponent of nobody but himself. Certain wiseacres, hare traced his inspiration to Ficfcie, or Scheiling, or Oarlyle, or some other fanaoosmasterofspeculation. Thereisnotthe sHgbtest ground for this assumption. Mr. Em- erson is utterly his -own master, bow* to no au- thority, respects no sysier*, represents no. the- ory,- consults no oracle, proclaims no faith, but faith in one's self. Truth, according to him, is the fruit of intuition, not the reward of investi- gation. He makes no use of the slow processes of research and analysis, but looks out on the worldwithopeneye,andtakeswhatcomes. Bia. wrttiogR, accordingly, owe their chief value to their subjective sincerity; he makes a frank confession of his perceptions or fancies at the moment; consistency is not among his jewels; his . pages teem with perpetual surprises; hetavern. Fine society, in the common acceptation* has jealousy, sorrow, and despair.neither ideas nor ains. It renders the service of aperfumery, or a laundry, not of a farm or factory. 'Tis In ecch poet the sentiment takes an individualan exclution m d a precinct. Sidney Smith said, " A coloring; it is tinctured not only with his own " American Humor, ^ "RevivalA," and " T h e few yards in:London cement or dissolve friendshipIt is an unprincipled decorum; an afiair of clean hueaand coache*, of gloves, cards, and elegance in trifles.There are other measures of self-iespect for a man thanthe number of clean shirts he pnts on every day. 8o- deleet, under the feeling and imagery, somethingoieiy wislies to be amused. I do not wish to beamueed. I wish that life should not be cheap, but s»-crtd. I'wh-hthedavstol)eascenturies,loaded,fra-grant. NowwerecKori them as bank-days, by eoraodebt which is to be paid us, or which we are to pav, orton e pleasure we aro to taste. I« aH we have to do todraw the breath in, and blow it out again ? Porphyry'sdefinition is better; "Life is that which holds mattertogether." 1 he hate in anna is a channel through,',£fceforeeh« Y 2 { eould writei—^mm&ym^ "" '"•'*'?* ••.-^-r—•^r-r-v-« ! « • * •JWUU.U...L U|—'*vThepresentvolumoconsistsofaseriesoflec-tures, addressed to various popular audiences, andpreserves throughout the character of didactic I have bt-c-n quotod as saying captious things aboutto know if tl is other form is another self, and tbe eyes will not lie, but make a faithful confetsion what inhabitant"isthere. Tho'revelationsaresomelimes terrific. The coiiiet-sion of a low, usurping devil is tl eie made, and the observer shall seem to feel, the stirring of owls, and bats, and honied hoofs, where hegood, &> euhttiined, FOnational, at.d yet w> akin to onrwith a certain haughtiness. He can well afford not to conciliate, whore faithful work will answer for him. The mechanic at bis bench carries a quiet heart and aesurtd manners, and deals on oven terms with men of anycondition. Theartisthasmadebispicturesotme, that it disconcerts crihim^ Thestatue is so beautiful,from the other *dde.if^^^0f:'^0iHEW-YORK DAIL Y TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1869;use of another's love Ur interpret his own, has iu sack, belly and members, link in a chain, nor'ahjr sens whu pn y Upon the rest, and whom, a public opin- every great heart, to every fine genius; to those ofj&r: Tbtmiur WyatV bora in 1503, to the the book a splendid Christmas intercessor h»Man is not order of nature, sack and !leste#wltrrudW oy>^^andfr^oBuaVpo}--ones. But tbe li ,'htning.which exph des and fashions like a horse when you contradict them, or-say eome- planets, makei ol planets and suns, is in him. On one thing which'they do not understand; then .the over- f>ide, eltniental older,; sandstone and gianito, ro -k- bold, who make their own invitation to yoar hearth; hdges, ] eiit-bog, forest, sea. and Shore; and, on the the pereeverii^g talker, who gives you his society in other part, thought, the sririt which composes and l.rj.e, saturating doses; the pitiers of themselve;—* c ecompotes raturt—here they are, side by eide, god perilous <;lass; the frivolous Atmodeus, who relies on tad devil, nind and matter, ting and conspirator, belt you to find him iu rofee of sand to twist; the mono- f.nd ppatm, lidmg peacefully together in the eye and"Mpdern Thonght, its Progress and ^enfturrrma* tion," «'Leigh Hunt, ** i4Iyord Maiaulay, "Spnnreh, JI« •11 the grs' Was her tab ehilditwa* office to trabrain of every n.an.As an illustration of power, a favorite type of, restraining force of custom, and proverbs, and familiarKATHANTF.I. HAWTimRXK,' ^eharaeterwithMr.Emersonis described inthefollowing graphic portraiture: . 'I knew a burly Boniface who for many years kept a pubnc-houFe in one of onr rural capitals. He was a knave whom the town conld ill spare. He was a social, vascular creuture, grasping and selfish. There was no crime which he did not or coul.i not commit. But he nu.de good friends .of the selectmen, served them with his best chop; when they supped at hisrulesofbehaviorimpressedonyoungpeopleintheiro " TbToiaB«.wt!x>rn«,w^ltSg«utu«nonhrn>Ici«rHndr*m. Tbt»t you border at firnt tee tho ntrentfh tb«t t> therTr* A frame to robust, with nnturt> »o awcet, ' Bo eornert, w graceful, w» noM4, *o fleet,. \of tho character of the age in which the author lived. I t us interesting to trace, in this collection, the varying fashions of poetical expression, from the condor and simplicity of Dante, through the delicate fancies of Potrarcb, the quaint, contem- plative character of tho Elizabethan times, and the conceits and aiTectations of the century fol- lowing, down fo the modern revival of reality inhouse, and ah*© with his Honorthe Judge, he was very all your private history in your look and gait and beita- cordial, grasring lis hand.- He introduced all the vior. Tie whole economy of natureis bent on expres-which the energies we call fate, love, and roHSon, visi- bly stream. See what a cometary train of auxiliajies nan <anies with him, of animate, plants, stones, gases, ar d imponderable elements. Let us infer his ends from this pomp of means. Mirabeau said, "Why shouldliterature. . -He is a humorist for the fastidious few, not Jbr th»t. • multitude. As aKatirint, hi* wea(>on does not make giest gBflng flesh-wounds; it is too etheroti! hi temper,fiends, male and female, into the town, and united m sion. -The tell-tale body is all tongues. Men are like bis verton the functions of bully, incendiary, swindler,.^ G<neva watches with crystal faces which expose thewe ieel ourtelvee to be men, unless it be to succeed in by. the notes which the editor has prefixed to,his gall and viuegar. Ho is a kindly, smiliug satirhii*mutationbytheglanceisintbegreatestpartnotsubject to the control of the will. It is the bodily , I am not much an advocate for traveling, and I ob- symbol of identity of nature. We look into tho eyo«H.e is also known as tho writer of many pieces which ourpiefeienceeveryday. Whataviciouspracticeis Ah!wherethewoodbines,withfcleepyai-ms,hai^e wearaeetioublookuntiltheybreakoutintoalaughaithe eflSacy of traveling as a means of culture.this of our lolithians at Washington p ;irin<{ off! as tfone n an wno votes wron^r, going away, could exou?e^ob, who n.e:m to voto ngl»t, for goiiig away; or, asif ) our jJI etence did not tell in more ways than in yourvote.SttppCfOthethreehundredheroesatTherinopylajwound her,! Opes sue 1 er eyelids at the d^eam of my lay,Littening, like the dove, whilo the fountains echo round-her,To her lost mate's call in the forests far away Ithe end, perhaps in the luet line, as with those on " Lench g a Punch Bowl"—u cunning way of the writer't; just as the knot is tied in the \vJ-if»-cord at the end ol the h.sb, teenhance tbe smack.' But neither oftLeeekirdsof.vei>epreparedut>foranythiugso'tones; in short, every stripe of absurdity; these are social inflictions which the magistrate cannot euro or defend you from, and which must be intrusted to theadores, and the careful reader can still further titled ;*'* American Humor" we take tho remarks oni most Srxrport A pleasanti- her acquaint h«r pnbfi/;<p:only by Kv party in the interest wa? who f-opk ItM«: tarally as if , a person ofa dian of life, / with wondr:! pleasing »y*i lbs cnrionily Welt-Wed to s in favor, t*r Vivacity and delight hin; with :her br- }j^ joined in bntt-jSgbt vr: dwelt parti' r place on the was certain" It cannot 1 ^ is no record t,'"•, After a fedon brightened op pray, why anrenponce.'•JIfew-Orleaiirt' added that Wj he wtfneated i memorated iii " (Mowatt)'Ri»'»; Weibv, and \ bwhich have t ity; beside a i time broughi extractsfrom exhibit ahnoi< they probably of the respecu embellishrxirat amongthe*v.\>- traits of thei most be nag•pecimene of p>MORAL T.MW. WiialUujKra •*»ith ,»'*-iiu-wten- k C#. Tbeorijr'r,aleminent«tat*« in the early pa written at a re in a crude and blcnmticeompein their kind. embrace agr<-aJ able ingeffhhT t instruction, & uj everyasjtctuC i>> added a *«b cap-<;thcgciii, ina pr**(-eH!in^' a si To?u»:e now "tsft ha!«erie«, hoc.lab npeci/r<»n f the curious il' •« variety,andth ©fthevoluoy Itrare sit ractione, 'amaiesr of petm8IUKESPEABX':, school-days.Of the power of the human features, especiallythe eye, Mr. Emerson discourses handsomely.A mainfiftctin the history of manners is the wonder- ful expressiveness of tho human body. If it were irade Of glaps, or of air, and tbe thoughts were written on steel tablets within, it could,not publish more truly its meaning than now. Wise men read very sharply. :: ,above the breath here, what tbe confessing eyes do not heritate fo. utter to every street passonger.taste and feeling, though no unity of thought. cation, is, whatever qualifies them for going to Europe.'' tionary, but is understood all the world over. When theCan we never extract this tape-worm of Europe Irom eyt.s say one thing and the tongue another, apracticed and she scatters nations of naked Indians, and nationa Thomas Carew's variations on tho same refrain: jostese two copies-of; one to be readf and marked,Hence it is not easy to give ajust view of its thebrainofourcountrymenf Oneseesverywellwh;t manreheeonthelanguageofthe first. Hthemanisoff of.clothedChrist'ans,with two or three goodheads merits as a whole, although numerous passages tleirfate"mustI.e. He that does not fill a placeat hiecenter,theeyesi.howit. Youcanreadintheeyesof amongthem. Natureworks%-eryhatd,ana onlyhits attest the felicity of Mr. Emersoa's diction, and hi-n;e, cannot abroad. He only goes there to hide h 8 jour compnnhn, wheAer your argument hits him, the white once in a million throws. In mankind, sheinriynificanoe in a larger crowd. Y6u do not think you tl ouch 1 i» tongue will not confess it. There is a look ia ccntei ted if she yields one master in a century. Thethe incoherence of his method. will find anything there which you have not seen at by which a man shows he is goingto say a good thing, more difiiculty there is in creating good men, the morelathelectureonFate,''heshowsthatheis borne?Theetaliofallcountricrisjustthesame.Do aidahokwhenhohassaidit.Vainandforgotten theyaretifedwhentheycome.Ioncecountedina/ASK ME NO MORE.Afrk mc no more whore Jove bestows, When June is past, the lading rose; For in your beauty's orient deep Theseflowers,asintheircauses,sleep.'Aok mo no more whither doth stray Tbe golden atoma of tbe d«y:For, in pure love, beavou did prepare Thote powders to enrich your hair.Afk me no more whither doth haste The nightingale,when May i« past; For in your sweet dividing thr<-atShe winters, and keeps warm her note.Ask me no more where those stars light, That downward fell in dead of ni^hti For in your eyes they eit, and there. Fixed become, as iu their sphere." Apk me no more if east or west Tbe Phoenix builds her sj icy nest; For unto yon at last sho fliesthumbed ar.dd«j-eared; and one to stand up in its pii<eofplacewiththerest on theshelves,allranged in slix.ing rows, as dear old friends, and not merely a* nodding acquaintances. Not at all like that ponduroua ai d overteniiiig autocrat, Dr. Johnson, is our Yjmkee friend.HehasmoreofGoldsmith'Bsweetnessandlov- alility. Ho J'B as true a lover of elegance and hi#h-bi«dgrace, dainty lun< ies and all pleasurable things, as wae Leigh Hunt; ho.has more worldly eerihe vnthont the moial languor; but there ie the »ame boy-heart, bt'atuag in a manly breast, beneath the poet'i* i-ing-ing' robe. For he is a i"«et as web as a humoia.-t. Inde>KL, although this book ia written iu prose, it ia.full of poe fry, with tho "..beuded buhbh-s" ot humor dauci.ig up- thiotgh the true bippocrete, and " winking at tho biim''with a winning look oleinviution abiuingia their merry eyes;The humomnd poetry of the book do not h*o in tan- gible nu^getB for extraction, butthey are there; they jervade it turn beginning to end. We cannot spoon out tl e epai kles ot eunshice as they shimmer ou the wavelttn of water; but thoy are the; e, moving in alltheir golden l*fe, and evanescent grace.But in his view, tho preeminence belongs toy<-n suppose, there is any country where they do not' ate all the fine btf'ers and ofiices of hospitality, if there little neighborhood, and found that every able-bodied•not one of the dreaming enthusiasts who expect s< Sid milkpan><, and swaddle the infante, and burn the is no hoi day in the eye. How many furtive inclina- man ban, tay from twelve to fifteen persons dependeuta paradise of delights in the bosom of the world, bruebweod, and broil the fish ? Whatis true anywhere on bjm lor material aid—to.whom he ia to be for spoon tions'avowed by the eye, though di-sembled by the f and jug, for backer and sponsor, for misery and hospi- but is fuBy alive to the terrors which lie con is true everywere. And ;jlet him go wmwre he will, he Slips ! One tomes away from a corfipany in which it tal^ and many functions bewde: nor. does it seem toCealed beneath the smile of nature.| can only find so much beauty or worth as he carries. Still, cities may do something for the improve-may easily happen he has said nothing, and no im- make much difference whether ho is bachelor or pat- portant remaik has been addressed to him, and yet, if t i i a u l ; ii he do not violently decline the duties that in empathy with the society, he shall not have a sense fill to 1 im, thin amount of helpfulness will in one way.t. C t A S i l k * . 'The edhrci - OJ assidneue and up; thegre»4<£^ 'I theplaeeof Ubn is scarcely le*llervicwBon tniBut Nature i* no bentiineutaliat—does not cosset orpamper u*. W e muMt ,ea that tae world i* rough andfwrly, and will not ir.i..d drowning a man or a woman; i manner*. It is the foible eej ecislly of American youth him ard out from "him, through the eyes. There are whi h his abilities pay. The good men are employed but swallowtf your *bip like a urtda of uant. The euld, ! —pretention, l i e mark o/ the man of the world in eyes, to be sum,.that give no more admisrion into thement of manners.J wish cities conld teach their best lesson—of "quiet of this fact, etu-h a stream oi- life has been flowing into or at: other be brought home-to him. This is the taxiocootiderate of person, tiii^lea your blood, benumbs abferoe of r-retenrkn. He does not make a speech; man thai blueberries. Others are liquid and deep,— yoarfeet, freezes a nian like on apple. TJUo dhseaeotjj be lakes a low bminess tone, avoids all brag, is no- wells that a man might fall into;—others are aggres- tbe elements, ibrtuiie, gravity, lightning, reaped no body, dueses jlaiiily, promises not at all, performs th e and devouring, teem to call but the police, take perrtMM. The way of Providence is a little rude. The nimh, sj eaks in moncsjllaUcs, hugs his fact. He all too much notice, and require crowded Brotidwaya,f< v pri-\ ate c«.ntets of uee, and for larger influence. All revelations, whether of mechanical or intellectual or mor*l science, are made not to communities, but to siu- glo j er>cn«. All the niarked eveuts of our day, all the < ities, all the colonizations, may be tra<ied back to ti eir origin iu a private brain. All tho foata which make our civility, were tho thoughts of a few good hei;ds.. •'•'O.uenee, in th«". p: .,iaiprei*iun on dj neise. Iaprepastext to a cai< a«1folio of W-•} .KVCorultima!<hut'thetext of 1 .multitude of ro coplcrw glossaryto the leader u of the editreti to produce a^. e^ Shakespeare'; volume ip FT!<n the female o v. p-jiphy with')''t For even--da'a very convr:. handled in two iTHE 0A1IXB?An ehgxint K id<:al picture? A Byron'f vo« artist*,wit! are portray tTHE FORTS-. In this W: trait iHuBtraiioX! IJritlrh por'.rv, i.truce of "VVynji 'witli tie J-A, : ygravrnj. T''-- artiiitJc and meell mended a^ a >>•" an intereeimjj >'ajThis welW;- o| l>oyle l«eui> th-i \i& irrssunible :»uiot' true f'Vii ir. " edition.The K*-w K -J ,' i}. K. Gtfnwrivojdudihgorjgimdffj ivriters, H. T "Life m Pa;."graphic Btory eai xtndtheresrea* I^.dand, Mi«ss':tf*| , otlicrs.JUti'SJOJ 'In''this spicy i|amnion tenW dh and tlte curi- f| ei»rukt«'d. -The *MX tli« causes' i•11 Manyprint«.r»twecn "tbefr tee? ;. «s}>eci:ill^'..when t'I habit of snake m.d sj ider, tne snap of the tiger and calls his_ employment by its lowest name, and so takes mid the secuiitv of millions, to protect individuals other Ieauent ai d bl«ody jumpers, the crackle of the from evil tongues their sharpest weapon. His conver- a^ainet them. The military eye I meet, now darklybonesoflispre}i.iti.eeulottbeanaconda—theseare sationclingstotheweatherandthe news, yet heal- in tbe_system, and oar h^bita are like theirs. You have h>w s bin.ttlf to be surprised into thought, and the un- fast {Hood, arid, however scrupulously, tbe bl-tughter- lockitg of his learjfiu^r and philosophy. How the nouse i»concealed in tre graceful uiatanoe of miles, imagiiatiCnJs piqued by anecdot<rs of some groat nuin* there is compli ity—expensive races—;aco living at pamrg .incognito, as a. king in, gray clothes; ofthe expense of ruce. 'He planet is liable to shocks Kar-ekon anetting a plain suit at his glitter-from comet*, pertub&tions from planets, rendings from ing kvee; of Burns, or Scott, or Beethoven,eartbquaSe and volcano, alterations of climate, preces- or Wellington, or Gcethe, or any container ofsions of equiooAeK Jhiveis dry up by opening of the tranwendent power, paesiug for nobody; of Epami- man lames in his eye the exact indication of lib- raukforest. The so* el anges ha beu. Towns and counties notdas. "wbo uever says anything, but will listen in tleinanente scale of men,and we are always leat'n-fall Into it. At Lisbon, <m earthquake- killed men like eternally," of Goethe, wbo preferred trirling subjects h g to read it. A corajdete mau should need no auxil- urits, wl.erLof this mass is compored, are neuters, HieH. A t Naj Ion, three \ ears ago, ten thousand persons ai>d ctn.n.on expressions in intercoiti se with strangers,JAMES RV8SELL LOWELL. 'Tie greatest of ail American humorist* is James^S>re crushed in a few ndnute*. Tho ecurvev at sea; woi be rather than better clothed, and to appear a littlethe S'H.P10" °f the eiiu.ato in the west of Africa, at Cay- more capiu ions than he was. There are advantages D ua ,;every One. of •which may be grown to a queea-bee. Tl e mle. is,, we ,are uetd as brute atoms, until we think: then/we use aH the rest. Nature turns all msnlfuitame to good. Nature provided for real needs. No etne man at last distrusts himself. His existence is a perfect answer to all sentimental cavils. If he is, he is wanted, and baa the precise properties that are requiied. 'J hat we are here, is proof we ought to be heie. W e 1 avo as good ti^ht, and the same sort of right to-be here, as Capo Cod or Sandy Hodk have to be there.I t , ias difficult to road this volumo without yielding to the enticements of Mr. Emerson's rhetcric; it is brilliant with flashes of his peou- BaV genius j noble sentiments and stirring sug- gef-tions nre notunfrequent onits pages; it showH a Birguhar ingenuity in the application of literary hhtory to the embellishment of his dis- course; hit the reader who expects any fresh accessions of knowledge, or more intelligent per-Sleep on, my love, in thy cold bedNever to he disquieted IMy la*r good-night! Thou wilt not wake •Till I thy fate .hull overtake:Till age, or grief, or sickness mustMarry my body to that dustIt so much lo\ca, and fill the room'My heutt k» eps empty in tbe,tomb.S:ay for n.e there; I will not failTo nie<-t thee in that hollow vale.And thiiik not much of my delay j'I am already on tho way,And follow tbee with ail the speedDesire eau make, or sorrows breed.Eat-h minute is'a short degree.And every hour a step- toward thee.At night when I betttke to rc*t, Nextmornr*iisenearermywestOl life, aln;tHt by eight hours' sail,Than when sleep breathed hi*drowsy gale.• Thus from the sun my bottom steers, And my day's compass downward bears: Nor lahor I to stem the tide .Through WLich to thee I swiftly glide.'Tis true, with sliame and.griot 1 yi«dd, Thou like the van iiri-t took'at the field, And gotten hast the victory,In thus adventuring to dieBefore me, whose more years might crave A just precedence in the grave.But hark I my pulse like a soft drum . Beats nry approach, tells thee I eome; And slow hoWe'er my marches be,I shall at L:8i sit down by theo.The thought of^ this bids me go on, And wait my dissolutionenne, at r#) * » t .^New-Orleans, out off nien like a in the old hat and. box-i.oat. I have heard t'lat, massacre. Oar Western ;,r«miv shakes with (ever and thlohaiCSt ^,-ia country, a. certain respect is paid to/ague* The cholera, tbe rinail-r.ox, nave ptvVvd as mor- tal to some tribe*, UH a fn.st to the crickets, which, ha\ lug blled ti e 5 tmmer with noise, are silenced by a fall of the temperature of oue nigi t. Without uncov- er in# what does not concern us, or counting how many•*£*»* of paraiitett'laiig on. a bombyx; or gropingiuter intestinal paru*ites, or iufuaory biters, or the ob-scurities of aliemuie generatiou;—the forms of theshark, the taint*, the jaw of ibt> sea-wolf paved withgood broadcloth; but ores* ni^*« a little restraint: men -will not commit themselves. But the box-coat is Kke wine; it"unlocks the tongue, and men say what they think.jThe lecture on behavior abounds in excellent cannot rightly tri.in one-to an air and manner, exceptsuggestions, that are not to be found in Chesterfield: by. making hiin the kind of man of whom that manner Tfte gonl which animates Nature is not less signifi- is tie natural expression. Nature forever puts a premi-cantly publibhed in the figure, movement and gesture um on reality. What is done for efieet, is seen to be—.crushing teeth, the weapons of tbe grampus, and other of animated boditrs, than in its last.vehicle of articulate done.<for eileet; what is done for love, is felt to be donewariiois hidden in the s»-*,—*ire lunts of ferocity in speech. This silent and subtile language is Manners; for love. A man inspires affection and honor, becausetbe interiors of maure. Let us not deny it up and not -wkoty but June. lAie expresses. A statue has no he was not lying in wait_ for these. The thing.-* of adown. Providence has a wild, rough, incalculable tongue, and needs none. • Good tableaux do not ne*jd road*toItsend,anditisofnousetotrytowhitewashits declamation. Naturetellseverysecretonce. Yes,huge, mixed insirumei>a.li:iee, or to dress up that ter- but in man, the tells it all tbe time, by form, attitude, rific b^«5iaetor in a than shirt and white neckcloth,of gestme, mien, face and parts of the face, and by thea student in divinity. whole action of the nwchine. The visible carriage or No, culture, he maintains, can do away the action of the individual, as restdtitig from his organiza- tion and his will combined, we call manners. What influence of temperament. A man becomes what are they but thought entering the hands and feet, con-man for which we visit'htm, were done in the dark andthecold. Alittlointegrityisbetterthanany caieer. So deep'are the sources of this surface-action, that even the size of your companion seems to vary•with his freedom of thought. JSot only is he larger, when at ease, and his thoughts generous, but every- thing around him becomes variable with expression. No car} enter's• rule, no rod and chain, will measure the dimenriona of any house or honse-lot: go into the| any other country than An.ei iv-a. The setting io admi- rable, and most provocative to the sense of burner. Good old Parson Wilbur—half Puritan, half Vicar of Wakefield, mixed in America—with bis pleasant ver- bosity, his smiling t-upori-uity, supplies a capital back ground to the broad and homely humor, the novel ?wxl startling views, the quaint rustic expression of hi* talented young pari-fcioner. We know how it ort- hunces'the eflect in art when the meai;s cho*sen arti of,tlie iompleet hind. We know alw how much monefahihg halite n:uy bo when it comes from thoni we avc looked down nr on a« illitenite. T l is is the great »KC<e&~*-and stit.g in it—of Hoses Billow's humoiv Heie i» «n m educated Yankee provincial, smelling of the soil, xpej-kh g in a hxnl dialect, pitching into hum- tugs, literary aid polHcal,. with the xnmt nmaxinir confidence; ntriking blows with his rtnewy atrengthi t nd gaunt arms like the nassina sails of a windnuU. H.e does net fight is a cultivated gentleman, with re- volver and bowie-knife even, but Ity* it on in vulgar fihtio farhion, stripped to the naked nature, with »uck vigor (hat the huuibog* are "nowhero" before they* know where. The result ia indeed mo»»t huighable IWOMRN'flK TIIF. SOUTH msTiNrGTjisfTEn r» UTEXUAIUItE. By ftlAKt Kouica*r. ito. pp. 611. Dacby It Jut'loou.. In t-liit* contribution to the hiatory of American litor- atuie, the editrots baa introduced severalmuaes, which have eecaped the researches of Grwwold, Duyokinek* und other laborers in ths same field, completing th*ceptions of truth, or a clearer insight, into the he was born to bo, and the vices of the race, as trolling the movements cf the body, the speech and be hohge: if .the proprietor is constrained and deferring, "conduct of life" from its oracular "utter-weft as the features of the family, are inexorably havior ? * 'tis of no importance how hirgo his house, bow beauti-There is always a best way of doing everything, if ful bin grounds—you quickly come to the end of all: ances" will doubtless rise from its perusal with aimpressed tm successive generations. it be to boil an ege. Manners are the happy ways of but it the man is sell-assessed, happy,-and ut homo, senfco of dit appointment.,. How shall a man escape from his ancestors, or draw doiig things; each once a stroke of genius or of love— his home is deep-founded, indefinitely large and iu-off from hieveire the black drop which he drew from nov* uprated and hardened into usage. They form at terceting, the rooi arid done buoyant as the s'jy. [In- THE LOVES AND HEROINES OJ? THE POETS. Editedhis lather's or bhc metner's tire ? It often appears in a hutaiich \arnith, with which the roatine of .life is dor the humblest roof, the comraoneet person in plainfamily, a* if *U the qualities of the progenitors were wt shed, and its details adorned. If they are superficial,potted in several jar*—soxac ruling quality in each son so are use oew-drops wLich give such a depth t> theor daughter of the ho * ~ a n -' some Junes the annd/ed morning n endows. Manners are very communicable:temperfttneTit, the rank, unrni igntcd eHxir, the family men catch them from each other. Conanelo, in the ro-vise, * drawu-otf in a separate individual, and Che others mance boast* of the lessons sle had given the nobles v> ith j ersonal. beauty; that jgive tho like'.exhilaration, the gradual chaDge in the character <>i' holiday ace jjroportioiMilly relieve*!. W e sometimes see a in n.*>.inert, on the stage; and, in r<;al life, Talma and refine us like that; and, in memorable expeiiehce-j,sparklingunder clerical,now under rustic brows. 'Tis the city of Lacedcemon; 'tis a stack of bayonets. There are asking eyes, asserting eyes, prowling eyes; arid eyes full of fute,—*ome ol goou, and some of rin- iater omen. Tht alh/ged power to chann down insan- ity, or ferocity in beasts, is a power behind the eye. It must be a victory achieved in the will, before it citn be signified in the eye. 'lis very cercain that each;'.:i Andinyour'fragrant bosomdies.Let us turn from these dainty breathings ofhii jee to his personal presence. Whoever looked ou him w ould consent to his will, being certified tliafc hu mms were generous and universal. The reason why n.cn do not otey us, is becauso they see the mud at thebottom of our eye.Here is a golden paragraph:Manners impress as they indicate real power. A mau who is sure of hie point carries a broad and con- tented exj-refsion, which everybody reads. Aod youuway. Nothing in the volume is more tender und touching than tho " Exequy" of Bishop King. W e have only space for the concluding lines:bun or is the •* Billow Pa| ei-s." If Holmee can m;vtoh the O^ueen Anne men in their genial way, with a pleas- ant tincture Of Montaigne, Lowell reminds us more of the lusty stiengtb ana boundless humor of that great Elizabethan literature. Not that he imitates them, or ibllows in their foot step*•; for it th^re be an American book that night have exibted a* an indigenous urowth, incependently ol an Kuror>ean literature, we feel ilurt book to be the " Biglow l*apors." The author miglit ba\e h<e<n one ol tbe men who met and made n.cny at the *' Mernnid," because'of bin t!ior<mgbly oti^inal ceLiug, l i s mountain-mirth, h.is glorious full-, m^'sof life, bin | ith and j?ower. The humor of the "Billow Fapers" is /'audible, and full of vent,** n.cy in hilarious hypet></le{ aud it has that infusiou of j><etry ne<<>-sary to t i e richest and deepest humor,f 1 c book i8 a r:j.tioi;al birth, and it TKHSSCSKSS that ele- ment ot naiiom.lity which has been the mo*t enduriruc part of all the heet and greatest births in literature and art. In the instance of all the greatest poets and ptinters, they are the moKt ondunrg and tinivorna| who Lave dinwn mott qn the national life. The life of art, "poetry, humor, must he found at borne or nowhere. Aud the "crowningquality of Ixnvell's book i* that it wasfoundathome. Ir.tot.lduothavebeenwritteninclothes sints there ' massive, cheerl'ul, yet foruiidablo hke the Egyptian colossi.by lticKAJ.D HKHUT STOWMau»>„<|fto. JoCkfcOD.pp. 480.And another follows:I have seen manners that make a rimilax impression provement 'n the taste of the reading public, isWith hope and comfort.The crime), I am content to live Divided, with but balf a heart, Till we bhall meet, and never part.man's skin—+*vfu or eight ancestors at least—and The power of manners.is incessant,—an oleaiont as and every gesture and action shall indicitte power at on our Christmas trees aro for the most part the book, sac are engraved from Barry's draw-change of expression in onr companion, and say, his taught NajH'leon the arts of beliavior. Genius i.iYonUliterature. In jilaco of the - old "Tokens,"Dear (forgivefather, or bis mother, comes to the windows of his fine marners, which the baron and the. baroness cony Bti^eifiuous and ugly. But theymust be marked by ""Wreaths," and "Friendship's -Offerings," witheye*, and sometiioes a remote relative. In different very fan, and, by the advantage of a palace, bettor'tne fine perception, the acquaintance with real beauty. covers of ctimson and gold, cheap mezzotints,boors, a man represents eachof several of his ancestors, instruction. They stereotype the lesson they have They must always show self-control: you shall not be and still chef per text, the loaves which now openas if there were seven or eight of us rolled up in each learned into a mode. facile, apologetic, or leaky, but king over your word;'Of the twelve female heads which embellishthoy constitute the variety of notes for that new piece lUKonct'iilable as fire. The nobility cannot in. any reet. , Then they^ must be inspired by the good heart. sun ptuous in - typography, truly artistic iu illus- of urofeio which his li.e is. At the corner of tbe street. country bedi/?guised, and no more in a republic or a Tkere is no beautifitr of complexion, or form, or be-'you read Use pc*«if ili y of each passenger, in the fad*! democracy, than in a kingdom. No man can resist huvior, like tho wish to scatter joy and not pain around tration, and of sterling literary value. The illus-ing. Laura, Leonora, and Gernldine are careful copies from portraits, but the artist has consulted his own imagination for the features of Cole- ridge's " Genevieve," Burn*'s " Highland Mary,"t- angle, m the complexion, in tbe depth of his eye. His their influcm e. There are certain manners which arepan*. 'Tis good to give a Btianger a meal.us Or a night's trated editions of standard poets which have ap-parentage determines it. Men are what their mothers leaired in good society, of that force, that, if a person k dging. 'Tis better te be hospitable to his good peared at this season of the year, the exquisitemade trees. You may cs well ask a loom which have them, he br site must be considered, and is every- meaning and thought, and give coura/,'0 to a com-weaves huckaback, why it does not make cashmere, as where welcome, tlwugh without bounty, or wealth, or pai ion. We must be as,courteous to a man as we are reproductions of single poems, such' as Gray'soxpoetpoetryfrumthisengineer,orachemicaldiscov- genius. Giveaboyaddressandaccomplishments,and toapicture,whichwearewillingtogivetheadvan- "Elegy,"Goldsmith's"DesertedVillage,"Keats's' ery f/om that jobber. Ask the digger i»» the ditch to you £,ive him the nfastery of palace* and fortunes where tage of a good light. Special precepts are not to be' explam Kevn i/i laws; the fine organs of bis brain ae goee. He has not the trouble of earning or owning thought of: tbo talent of well-doing contains tliem all. "Eve of St. Agnes," and others, wore receivedhave been pin«heW~br overwork and squalid poverty thtm: they w licit him to enter and possess. We fiend Every hour w-ill «how a duty as paramount as that of with such favor that publishers have been led tofrom lather to eon, for a hundred y< am. When each girln of a tiinidj retieating oiapoeiton to the boarding- my whim just now; and yet I will write it.—thatp/cut*forthfromhism-1-»r'swomb,thegateofgifts KCIocl,tothending-seh(>ol,tothoballroom,orwhere- thereisonetonicperemptorilyforbiddentoallwell- makestillmere expensiveventures,relying forptoses lei i:.d him. Let him value his hands and feet. soever ihey can eome into acquaintance and uoarnesB of br<d, to all rational mortal*, numely, their ditftempera. their return on the intrinsic oxcojieuce of the be has but cne jmr. to bo has bnt o * future, and lea<.irg persons of their own sex; where they might If you have not slept, or if you have slept, or if youthatistibtmdj oreaVtteiminedinhislobes,anddescribed learnaddrete,andseeitnearat hand. have headache, or sciatica, or•leprosy, or thunder work and its artistic garment.in that Uitle fat.y face, plg-eye, and squ-tt form. AH The powerof a woman of fashion to krad, and also to stroke, I beseech you, by all angeld, to hold your jfe.There have been many collections of amatoryand the unknown woman of Shakespeare's, son- record, to a ceitaun extent, down to a comparativelyent seen from above and- from below; from within pected—a police in citizens' clothes—but are awarding of life, said to me, "When you come iuto the room, I all that is known concerning them. He *cOm- *ud ftom without. For, though Fate is immense, so or denving you \t>ry high prizes when you least think think I whU btudy how to make humauity beautiful to mences, however, with the three great Italians—finest in the volume. In its uir of noble melan-choly there is a reflection of the tragic story of writer. This lady is a ostUve of Georgia, but paasod Taseo. the years <»f diildiiood in Florida, whore h*r«,4<ers, which «ai ,siocWs of w«n y This paaie M*I**-S9iM!^r $hte of "*ei causing MtOttbV*; iiidntpidlv J!-v«Lt>i\W remedy !a 'ur the"month.,' iteT jpriniei's are thus!chilis i* the tu-.•;•!Iof the Ixxegf s»-d| , Oe»t p<Hjition otbrcathiug, wheraj taled, and tm^ii" jjjtMb priatsr.s s*•*>5» power, which is the other fact in the dual world, of it.Immense. If Fate follows and Hmite power, power Below is a description of animals which mostyen.." * ,•'.;'•,'-. Dante, retrnrch, and Tasso— because he con- Tliia is in Mr. Emerson's charaoteristie veitufathor Col. Waltsn, was Secretary of State under The type, paper, and binding are aumptuous, Gen. Jackson, and whom he succeeded in the office qff and t^ie timiti lover, who, like Coleridge, mukes Govornor. Receiving an onuroly doicosiic edu^atio^,ftUeoe* wad antagonize* Fate. We must inspect Fate writers on natural history have overlooked:as natural history, but there is more than naturalfeietory.For who and what is this criticism that pries.//they aresuddoidy better than beauty, and make thatthe privilege and al. the legirJatiou ot the world cannot daunt and reyel, derives from their belief tbatsbe peace, and not pollute the morning, to which all the poetry, but probably none so thoroughly and successful. The interest of the book would havemeddle or L«iy to stake a poet or a prince of him. • knowH-resouires and behaviors not known to thorn; housemates bring serene and..pleasant thoughts, bybut when these have mastered her secrot, they learn to corruption and groans. Come out of the azure. Love carefully selected as tliis. Mr. Stoddard, iu IdsFlump on the other side comes free-will, and confront her, and recover their self-poosea«ion. the day. Ho not leave the sky out of your landscape. preface, Wis us that his object ;s to present the share it exercises on human destiny is ex- Every day bears witness to r,heir gentle rule. People The oldest and the most deserving pcrnon should come specimens of English love-poetry, especially thatbeen increased had none bat actual portraits been admitted. We should glad^r exchange Highland Mary and Maud for Mary Chaworthplicitly stated, without an attempt to reconciJe f who would obtrude, now do noiobtrude. Tho mediocre very modestly iuto any newly awaked company, re-circle leams to demand that which belongs to a high spectihg the divine communications, out of which ail which is, or fceems to be, addressed to particular and Mary Shelly, both of which could have been'ttvatav.which, *v eoir.e fi^sure^. wlcontradiction. state of nature, or of culture. Your manuern are al- must be presumed to have newly come. An old man But Fate has its lord; limitation its limits; is differ- ways under exan*inatiou, and by committees little sus- who added an elevating culture to a lanze experiencewomen, and to give, as coucisely as possible, easily procured^ Leonora's head is decidedly the1Yet vigor is contagious, and whatever makes" us' siders them to have furnished the models after Bad bohavlor the -laws cannot reach, Skxioty is ia- either think or fwl strongly adds to our power^ and which the early English poijta shaped their ama-•V <*A-who have put lbe and fortune on the cast of an act present, we Lave on nnbroken chain of the met- plead" WotimPXtm J J p B S ' of justice; to those who have added new scienovsj,,..,everything, everywhere, xon must say of nothing, But lit) finile often goon dtx-per than loud laughter, That i$ U-Heiiik me, nor feel that anything can be out selections from those poets whose loyp has be- He is one of the^tenderest-hcarted men that ever madewholo movement.. They carry the liquor of life flow-ingupanddown,inthesebeautifulbottles,andan-nouncing to the curious how it is with them. The faceandeyesreve;1whalKh<&spiritisdoing, howolditis, therightkey. Butthis is not thetoneandgeniusof Sidney, Spenser, Shakespeare, Wottou, Swift, setsforth tbebrightfelicitiesof subtle iufi^'ht withit what aims it fcas. The eyes indicate the antiquity of tl.-e men in the street. In thestreets, we grow cyuioal. u ore shining nchnes«. He ha« a weird ima^inatiom the soul, or, through how many forms it has already 1 he men we meet are coftrt-e and torpi-h The finest-j Burns and Byron is as complete as the records wHch at will can vi.*it the border-land of flo«h and ascended. It almost violates the proprieties, if we say wits have their pediment. What quantitiesof fribbles, allow. He gives us, with exemplary care and pritit, wlence breathe the creeping ain, that thrittwith feaifnl faecination. His mirth i» grave with paupers, invalids, ericures, antiquaries, politiians, fidelity, all that is known concerning the sweat thoughts; the very poetry of humor U to beimreifeet. In Siberia, a.late traveler foUnd men who claetes—benefactors and malefactors. The secon I Where.facts are wanting he sometimes offers us may be *een in tbe t* Celestial Kai'road" of thehaikeerer, and burglar. He girdled the trees, and cut offthehoires''tailsofthe'temperancepeople,inone night. He led the " r«mmies" and radicals in town- meeting with a speech. Meantime, he was civil, fat, andeasy,iuhishouse,and preciselythe most publio- ppiiited citizen. He wasactive in getting the roads repidred and planted with shade-trees; he subscribed for the fountains, the gas, and the telegraph; he intro- duced the new horse-rake, the new soraper, the babv- jimrrer, aitd what not, that Connecticut sonds to the adnnring citizens. H e did this the easier, that the |eddler stopped at hi« house, and paid hi;*keening by sett big up nut new trap on the landlord's premises.H e r e is one of the admirable pieces of practi- cal instruction, simply and forcibly expressed, which often relievo the prevailing tone of start- ling thought and ambitious phraseology.• TLe manly part is to do with might and main whatyou can do. The world is full of fops who never didanytling,andwhohavepersuadedbeautiesandmenofgenius :o wear their fc.p livery, and these will deliverthe fop opinion, that it is not respectable to be seenearning a living; that it is much more respectable tol-Iend without earning; and this doctMne oi the snake•*\ ill coa>e ajlso from the elect sons of light; for wisemen are not wise at all hours, and will speak five timesfrom their tustc or their humor to once from their rea-son. The brave workmant who might betray his feel-ing of it in bis manners, li'hejiD not sneoumb in hispractice, mmt repbtce the grace or elegance forfeited, eyes wink at each new name. There_ is no nicety of Masses are rude; lame, unmade, pernirious iu their to find Such poems as Wolle'a "Mary," George bly engaged to drive the engine. The only drawbacksby the n.eiit of the work done. No matter whethor be learning sought by the mind, which tho oyes do not. demands and influence, and need not to be flattered Dorley's "Klower of Beauty," and Meredifci's to this new and improved safe and speedy pasaage tothe oily law of success." Whoever said it, this is in the loves of Petrarch, Tasso, Wyatt, Surrey,lion.The individual alone is of importance.Bleeds w ithitsdeath-wound—but dceperyetfor tbee!Untitled Documentpersonality, but with that of the lady whom beMartyrdom of Galileo." From the -paper en-s• n-' 'thieves, and trifers of both sexes, might be advan- lound in his pages, w ilh an arrmia fine as the sweet- Man cannot fix his eye on the sun, and so far seems tigeoutly spared f Mankind divides itself into two loves and heroines of these poets, and no more. briar's fragrance. How rare and delicate is his satire,e«i;ld see the satellites of Jupiter with their unarmedeye. In some rcspocts tho animals excel us. The birdshave a longer eight, beride the advantage by theirwit gs of a higher observatory. A cow can bid her ii g invalids; of cases for a gun. Frank lin said, " ftlan-calf, by secret signal, probably of tbe eye, to run lind ai'e very superficial and dastardly; they begin student of English literature, but never seeks to once stood, is a 8tation-h<«tfe. No more need to carry away, or to lie down and hide itself. The jockeys u[.on a tbhg, but, meeting-with a dilficulty, tney fly display his knowledge at the expense of tho sub- the burden like roor Christian: that goes in the Uijs.clat-8 is vttst, the fiist a handful. A person seldom fulls , rick, but the bystanders are animuted with a faint hope that he will die: quantities of poor lives; of distress-" lWos^es from an Old Man*e." A modern apphea4ioa his own conjectures, but always with becoming uiI e foi manees, whether in indolent vision (that of health charity is, tl.at tbe lives you aro asked, to preserve areai-d beauty), or iu straiucd vision (that of art and notwoith pieserving. Masses! the calamity ia the English languogb possesses a more subtle and ten- labor). m8t->ef. I do not wish any mass at all but. hoiiesfc men der melody than this ? >Eyes are bold, as lions,—roving, running, leaping, only, lovely, sweet, accomplished women only, and nohete and theie,far and near. They speak all lan- shovel-handed, narrow-brained, gin-drinking million THE FLOWEK OF BKATJTV'.guages1; They wait for no introduction; they are no sto<kir gers or lazzarbni at all. If government knew Sweet in her frreen dell the flower of beauty slumbers, country a« the author of eome poems, writtea in utate-'/ OliverWendellHolmeshasbeenJongWnowniathfcg loves to. present an old thought in a new light; that it contracts no stain from the market, but makes Englishmen; apk no leave of agoj or rank; they re- bow, I should-like to see it check, n«.»t multiply the Lulled by the faint breeze* si/biug through berhair; )y clcffic ver^e, aboundiug iu ha|>j»y thoughts, andthe market a silent gallery for itself. Tbe case of the young lawyer was pitiful to disgust—a paltry matter of buttons or tweezer-caees; but the determined youth saw in it an a] erture to insert his dangerous wedges, made the insignificance of the thing forgotten, and gave fame by his seme and energy to the name and affairs| of the Tittleton snuff-box factory.Mr. Emerson has some explicitremarks.onserve-that mtn run away to other countries, because they are not good in their own, and run back to their own,becametl.eypassfornothinginthenewplaces. Tor the most part, only the light characters travel. Who are you that have no task to keep you at home ?travel; tut I mean to do justice. I think there-is a looked for inno< ence and timplh ity. "lis remarkable, illustration. The topics of >which it treats, Fate, resiletst ec* in our people, which argues want of char- too, that the spiiit that appears at the windows of the Power, Wealth, Culture, Behavior, Worship, acter. AlleducatedAmericans,firstorlast,goto hcueed<;esaton<*investhimselfinanewformofhisBeauty, and Illusion, afford ample scope for the Europe;—perhaps, because it is their mental liome, as own, to the mind of the beholder.the invalid l alits of this country might suggest. An The eyes of men eonver>o as much as their tongues, genius of the lecturer, and exhibit a unity of eminent teacher of gitls said, "the idea of a girl's edu- with the advantage that the ocular dialect needs no dic-his illustrations are sought from all the realms of nature, as well as from every department of liter- ature! a brave egotism is curiously blended with a natural modest;; and he is rich in fresh and piquant suggestions, no less from the unex- pected relations io which ho presents a familiar idea, than from the fine poetical rhetoric with which he embellishes a thought that has been the patrimony of ages.spect neither poverty nor riches, neither learning nor population. When it. reuches its" true hiw or action, Sleeps she, and hears not the melancholy numbersblight bird-peeps of fancy, such as this, for oxnmplec 'f Tlx* puachbow)*b aounding orpiha wer» *tirr«d,ft$ tUtrr cherub* imitin'j a* th*y heard.'And this first glint, of Spring—*' The spondthrift Crocn». burnting throncli lli« mottld, Neke<l axiu'sliivwing, with hi/) cap of gold."• power, nor virtue, nor (?ex, but intrude, and come • every man that is .born will, be hailed as eseentutl.agiin, and go through, and through you, m a moment Away with this hurrah of masses, and lei us have theot tin e. What inundation of lite and thought is dis- considerate vote of single men spoken on their honor Down from the high cliffs the rivulet is teemingcharged from one soul into another, through them! and their confidence. In old Egypt, it was establishedThe £lance U natural magic The mysterious commu- law, that the vote of a prophet oe reckoned equal to anicatku established across a house between two eutire Lundied hands. I think it was much urider-estimuted. O that, in tears, fron: my rocky prison streaming, sti armors, moves all the springs of wonder. The com- ." Clay and clay differ in dignity," as we discover by I, too, could glide to the bower of my love!The value of the collection is greatly increased jftbr does he mockingly offer the sponge dipped Uofyourpower.Nothingisimpossibletothemanwho comeimmortalintheirsongs. Hisaccountof burxorn:orepiquantwiththe^nngericyofsatire, can will. Is ih<it n*ce*$ary ? That shall be.- this is 'Here is a fide ei somber shadow ib bits nature whichmodesty and caution. H e is evidently a diligent of Pilgrim's Progress,"showing how we have altered all that nc^v-ardays. Whore the h'ttle wicket-gateBeelzebub and tbe keeper of the wh-ket-gate havo himself faithfully to his simple duty. "' le<in amicably arrangea on the principle of mutual The bulk of the volume is devoted to the ama- con premise. The Hill Difliculty has been tunneled The enthusiasm for the masses.'which has tory poetry of the age of Elizabeth, and of Charles through, and the materials dug out of it kav«* served to fill up the Valley of Humiliation. And, moatin:portance to the n.iad of the time.Tl e eye obeys exactly tbe action of the mind. Whena thought strikes us, tho oyes fix, and remain gazing ata distance; in enumerating the names of persons or of modern politics, is not shared by Mr.: Emorson. authors have not been neglected. W e are glad bou, Chiistian's old enemy, instead of meeting poor countries, as .Prance, Germany, Spain, Turkey, the Leave this hypocrytical prating al>out the nraeses. t'ilgrims in moi-tal conflict, in now ltb<;rally and Lind*-fcrmed such an effectiveworkingeloment inthe.First and Second, but the modern English delightful and eath-fact^ry trat eformation of all, Apol-vie in acquitmg. *'An artist," said Michel Angejb, but to be schooled. 1^ wish not. to cOitcede any- tbe Celestial city ia, that.somehow fewever get beyondmskeshoes,orstatues,orlaws.Itistheprivilegeof <kmut.thavehismeasuringtoolsnotinthehand,butin tliwgtotbtm;buttotamo,drill,divide,andbreakthem ";3LoyeintheValley,"whicharenotsOwidly VanityFair;andtboeethatdo,sinkdownindeath'sany human work which is well done to invest the doer the eye;" and there is no end to the catalogue of its up, and draw individuals out of them. The worst of known as they deserve to be. What poem in the deadly cold river, with no shining ones to help themBreathed to my sad lute amid the lonely, air!To wind round tno willow banks that lure him from above;had paired eff' with three hundred Peiruuiflr" would ithave been all the same to Greece and to history 1 Na- Come, then, my bird t for the peace thou ever bearost, fii.ot homorwts, hi* is the " Autocrat of tbe Breakfestpoleon was called by his men Cent Affile.. Add hor.eety Still Heaven's messenger of comfort to me;to him, and they might have called him Hundred Mil- Con c f Tl is fond bosom, my faitht'ulest, my faireat,Table;" a very delightful book—-ahandy book for tho btOJikfhfct table. A book to_ ccjnjaro up Hcozy winter pictuieof a ruddy fire, and singing kettle, soft hearth- rug,warmtUppers,andeasychair;amusicalchimeofTennyson's exquisite song of , " Ask me no curs and nauceis, fragrance of tea and toast within,Nature makes fifty poor melons for one that is good, more'-' is probably iamiliar to most of our read- and thoee fl<'Weis of Irost fading on the windows with- and shake* down a tree full of gnarled, wormy, un- out, > s t- ougb old Winter just looked in, but hw eoll ripe crabs, before you can find a dozenaestert apples; ers, but they may not be equally familiar with breath wa* melted, aud eohe ousted by. A book toMeantime, this spawning productivity^ not noxiousor I.cedes*. You would Bay,,this rabble-of nationsni^ht be spared. But no, tney ar-e all counted and love in its stage of adoration and hope, to lament BuetelJ J^.well; the «reat<-8t of all American book* of depended on. Fate keeps everything alive so long its over love that has been won, enjoyed, and takenthe una Host thread of public necearity holds it on to-,the tree. The «oxcomb and bully and thief clas* are 'allowed as proletaries, everyone of their, vices beingfie excess or acridity of a .virtue. The mass areanimal, in pupilage, and near chimpanzee. But theDorby 6c One of t i e most striking evidences of an im-nets. WehaveVaudyko'oauthority for Sacha-risfa, and Sir Godfrey Kneller's for Martha in collecting the local productions of fominisM* .Blount. Tho "Maid of Athens" should be genius, and the erilical.estimates with which th*y aro aportrait; but it has^littlo resemblancetothe accompanied,showadesiretodojustWtoallvarieti*apresent Mrs. Black. Ben Johnson's "CeUa,"of talent, and a cordial appreciation of tho diifireat de- grees of literary excellence. They acre alwuys kindly* and in several instances, even crjJutfliaxtic, exprei^* ii*g an ardor of admiration, which would eearotsly b« confirmed by a cooler and sterner judgment. A bio- graphical sketch of each auihorwa is prefixed to the selections'from her writings, pscoenting details of hoc personal history which have not heretofore boongivottto the public. Tho volume opens with* a memoir of *^rad anie Le Vert, whose bjtlUaaV p<»»ition iu Amorioan r society if more widely celebrated than her fame as a AV»" Maud," and Minne-ha-ha," which complete tho list, are of course imaginary,- and not veryThe humor of Hawthorne is a singular flower ft* find cu American toil. As Lowell eing» of himlit worth a <J«»ce«t from CHrmfrvm to meet.Should blootu, after cycle* of atraazle and ««sth», W i i h a «ingl6 aaemoiio tmzfbly and rxtbe.''T i « M if a roagh o*k that for age* had stood,. With bin fcotaled, botr» branchea, like rib* of tbe wood. •The same writer thus giv<* his opinion ou OLIVER WKNDELL HOLMES.very recent date. The volume evinceo great as*iduStjrI(••: Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069• • ' • • ' • ' • • i ; ( : • ' : ; ' ; . ; ''' ' • v- ' • • • • - :V ; ;:- : ,*£'www.fultonhistory.com•<*.V^S. 