 tkrwmCol•«—then alt the sand hills around ut are full ofSantaClara GeorgeC.Yahr*.« Napa;"***£ F* jLcci. mi wa>,5Wjtot t ^ > ttisjrttter. 8ifSn»'tion.theassociation taea adjournsdtoorganicVr Ttw Ila* v it a hs t, P> A m a»JINTERESTINGFROMTOPMHF1C.kC a i m n i a , O r e g e n . terltleto m b i a • * « ttee Batstdsrl** I*l*mtea.ora»AJInuwMcooow*fH»"«««*- gasFSAWWCO,leif»,WW.of the peguhur Swant" sa' foUo^^^sWeut—Pb*jto A" S H a r t t o M to « l vaeancies laOhaatoadtol committee, srasthtn proceeded with and reauttadto^ • » ^ * « ProfessorsT Whitney. Bogers, Agassis, Bnoae, Leconte and(syearoaoj ef tkt JWi*^-^P«",» «/ *« 'fr*TM ^.A^d-Paw* to »* CoHforwto *»« *>««WJr-«*/>** (Ac /v«cwi«a </ *"• Jlwwenits -Vww /*>•» ,* Cctmmtda ami Orepsa—irfcrwenetol «f Hen*.rtcoJleeteJ that there certainly is goM in the bowel- theearthusderaealAourfeet. There have beea reitid discoveriet at Mountainlake, tb*Rtocoa,fete-F Williams, *. m\Sawarna, J. £. Jtowrence, John Beacon, 'iSZ&S&Slr~ttB"&ar'paafe to venture owtattor dark *.'Jear of aaeet- e drunken brute, " h a would Boa hesitate a mo-. .pROcnuiNOS or JJUSXON A.Hfhlasection,which\» devotedto tbejoaeidarattoa*fBStoamalical aad pbyaicsl aubjeats, aaatof tojenealledamount of ardor baa lately been infnaed lata oar says it presents a magnificent tail and brilliant appear uilpry orgeotetiloea, and the eld companies have actbeen recruited, b u t several new ones formed, and SBC*.%iofthe27th ult,say>tu*thuge they volumes of smoke are said to have been emitted from tbeNatio: at HsH, o s Kearney street. AA operation m formed,withthehopeofaffordinghim relief._» worth $20,000, of which sum he bjqueathed IMJOa Roman Catholic church m Valley street; tbe bar-" present mail tacilitiesoan be improved, 1 WmitteetodraaresolsttonstoberepoiittceUng, Tna aseeitog to orgasiza a cttf^oi not toee>, owing so a heavy fatf of rain at w e hourl Weatherwarmandshowery.fcnlyhavealreadymad*muchprogresatodrill,exercises TheBritfchCvlwist,and discipline. Bhould the tame spirit continue, we lofty peak of Mount Baker on the 84th.Mamg to look tor gold Ooe of>hettilvnaoara*iv«- u » fallowing accouut of the affair:—In the year 1840 a whale ship touched on the coast, at about sixty.fire de-north latitude, and several men tended. In a ivine, the second watch and one of the boat steerers dracovi red large quantities of yellow metal, several spe-and red modifications of chrome salt. By E N.Horsford. Professor HSXRV M. HARJIAN read a paper entitled 4. Improvement in barometers. By H A. Clum. "Reflections on the origin, developement and changes of/ - . . * . A\*f.ltwr Cbaamittor hasbeenergaaiJiedsadbound by a a A to sajstoto each other under a t ciroaBsstapcee, at all hsiawds,aaWseUngoat these IMJJdsrersandthieves, or other, flaould It be the genuine product j Roach " c e Presidesto-wmard B FarwaM, «f *«» • wha saw BOW sac pest of this siisatoiiiTfjr. : Tbetr of the soil however—and we may be exeseed la the smasher, now targe, is fast increasing, and comprure flush of the discovery to indulge n little ia ro- Franctiiao; Of.s V. Sawyer, of Sao lyauciscy Ja«<*L«rt, •some « t * « m awM saea- to shersoaaejpf A t a a ^ w ': Byo.Wilaon B7D"The House of Representatives elected the following off! ccrs:—Speaker, L. McCully, Recording Clerk, O. H Gu- 3la. The captain, however, died, but the story of the) liek; Engrossiiig Clerk, Warren Chamberlain; Chaplain,Boston, due to spontaneous combustion. By E. N. Hor|-*m-TO. Can the sudden cooling of one part of a metallic rod cause another part, as a consequence, to suddenly become warm. By E. N. Horsford.display. For magnificence and geographical extent, the display of August 28 waa witnessed upon every meridian of Europe and America, and even to Asia, extending over two thirds of the wkole wor d It was the most brilliant and splendid appearance ever seen. The aurora of Sep tembcr attracted almost as general attention. It was bril- liant at Rome, but was not visible in Athens, uviatitude 28: but was seen in Central Asia at lat. 40 Science had been able to determine pretty nearly the altitude tothe vessel was not made acquainted with it until the Spanish girl on the coast, and had sold some eighty or 1badmadesail. Onegreatdrawbackiathatthe ninetybarrelsofoil,besidessome*1,000worthofother th in the gold country is covered with snow most of articles. Hav ng proceeded to Mazatlau, the ship was year. The company, however, expect to be able te detained there some time, until she was finally sent out to sea, under command of the tirst mate, to return in fifteen or twenty days to Mazatlau. The mate, believing that the captain intended to dispose of both ves-el and the adventurers have met with. It is stated that cargo, held a consultation on board and bore away for14. On the solution of ice in inland waters. By B. F- which the aurora extends. From a southern station itley'sleftbreast. Hesurvivedbutafewmoments.Bates Harrison.seemed frantic with grief at the disastrous result of hut 15. On natural ice houses and on frozen wells. By Eliasno during the month of August—Bay for thirty days— hich they calculate is sufficient time to fill the senooner. the first of Oct' ber w e shall probably learn what for-Loomis. ,16. On the migration of the fossil birds, established byIndians ia that country have fri$uently been knows bare gold in their posiessiou, aad that the Russian Fur pany has obtained from tbem considerable quantitiesthe m»tal to the way of trade.Last Saturday white Patrick Kelly, a plasterer, wto ly at h a work on California street, above Mason, herersd a few specks of gold is the mortar. The dia very surprised hha a i a matter of course, but, being a reet plasterer, he mid nothing of it to any person, in the evening carried home a quantity of the sanswhich the mortar was mate, and of which the eu e neighborhood is made up. Upon washing it Oat ana " nig the proper examination, h e found that it certainly tained gold, and in sufficient quantities, in his estima- to Justify working. The lKav* gives the following i of what subsequently occurred:— Accordingly try early on Monday iuc>ru;ng, in fact at daylight, he re ' to the spot, i ot as a plasterer, i»ut as a miner, andat once to fence in a claim, fifty feet square, imm> ly adjoining the house and tot of Mr. Rent, woo, bearoused by the unaccustomed noise at that early hour. from h i s bed and was exoessikcty astonished t o findlate plasterer feniing :c a portion of the street.On being atked the object of such a strange proeeding;,Honolulu, and gave up the vessel to her owners.The schooner Far West had returned from a voyage of discovery among the islands of the South Pacific. It is believed that the voyage wa* a very successful one, and a number of islands found. Capt. Stone was immediately to proceed to New York to report to his principals theresult. He left for San Francisco on the 5th of June.The chips Flying Mi-t and Buena Vista had arrived17 On the cassiflcation of the manuals of the eocene tertiary of the Connecticut. By Joseph Barrett.the allpreciousebUforaiaFto tbe darter» Tbe«7cwectod with th*solar spots. ByC.W.pned. When all this shall happen, then there will be are light 'cf the ice, wheajBaihe^Mpssafihot VhaCtellingwhatSaaFranci.-coShanbecome. LATER FBOa BRITISH COL.CMHA.We have dates from Victoria to June 2».The comet has been observed at Victoria.Resolutionsreapectfmtothemeraevyofthetote Daniel,oftheUnitedStatesSupremeCouit,weesra a mwsting of the bar, held.last Monday in the States Circuit Court room Judge McWdlBWer preetoid.ifSawSkmofMbpsiaVsMajttwasyPMBSW,<•Siw^g the water.a,rtwiU|abor«y be able to boast of one of the best rmOBlemiai says that the Hyter, Simpscau and tohisrelatives' _.and L * t efficient orgaaizationa of citizen soldiery to be •tlckeen Indians, whose proximity to Victoria nas be trims very offensive to the people of that city, will soonMrs. Auna M. liaydca, wife of Alexander Huydeu sident of Sacramento, was so frightfully burned < eveningofthe4thofJuly,bytheexplosionof alcohol,which shewasusingfor culinarypershe died on the following morning.Tbe body of Luke M. KUlen. a native of Ireland.anas Annarkan Ass»cUtto«jpr ll»«MMCf- journ to meet in general sesston until cirjumstoaoes u 8ec,l0MfooHttm anj cHy of the Union. W e have now thirteencompaniesofcivic troops,comprisingertiUarp,cmtrr, IDSploisofgroundonwhichtolocatethethreetribes.Two American ships arrived on Sunday from China— flying artillery company the Black Hussars and LUcht the Cowpcr and the Daniel Elliot. Tbe first brought 402beremoved,tbeCoionia!Surveyorbeingbusyinsel&ct-J-ra{oons, cavalry; the Light Guard. Fo»ileers, City passe:!g> rs, and the latter 272. They report no deaths or fouDd Hotting in the bay last week. He was lastsilplesmt^Le cold air of winter d^ndt^J ' is ruficiently marsdfcy what is ftasraily knowaatGuaJd, FrenehOoard, Medabou Grenadiers, Mootgomerj cisualtiea during the voyage. The Oowper U at £squ:-:jf. _^ ~* -* '•* iijiilA well known citl»n, earned George Wyckoff, former^ amemberofthefirmofWycko!T ACo,ofthiscitf,wsd found dead in his bed on Saturday afternoon. He badttJSjT SAY-aWBrWSa SBRSION.Nirdisari, E. l » d*wstt#flMJv i oatt„.H; National Goard and theDuUMUb,«^«W. mault.andtheKlHottsoffRoach'sLedge.nta the Mariua Rules and Swiss S h a r p ^ J f ^ TM * At Ksquimault, V I., a mirage was very distinctly per-Zl "w SH rf these, with the exception of the National ceived. Indeed, so distinct was the appearance that on evidently been lying dead a day or two, and it was t *moking of wets. -That all wells do nsttrsi r » accountedsVor that a d ' s are supplied'by i«gs. and as the water frequently charges ta» p-ocsnSprinja s re siways rsnaJsge}0 of toettT 9 * mewbeen-aujefited- to the theory,« tojgaapar on ue> «groiuid that weBs that do nut freexe were ven cecuwa,a"VMMi WSW- Aery Sara, ifethes the arguments, showing thatthe years 184» to 1846 .tatefwteiari^egsl.tlis.t te^pepsr s a d wells which have kept warm during all witter.' Ba >, that tbe SfBOdtug of eater did-wet astet torntS ^ i « . K o i i « a not ready paraled a..the boardtheshipsitwasreportedthat the Alert andtwol^to, inthe,.rocea*K»,and presented£H££2sf gunboatsbadarrived, twoor three vesselsbeing dit waafdund just bemw•"OunTrrestong is » « e d « | Adjourp to ."common WellsJul speearaave,while their proficiency in military excr eieetwaVvery creditable,exhibiting a moat pleasing pro-tinctly eeen m tbe offmg.The Assembly of Vancouver's Islaa i had refuses to ap^Deceased, a few ywsjtoc^sq Representatives' Chamber of thsStotc atou, whipB !** was considered wealthy, but he appears to havemetsg>* •« Iabout forty years olw J J ' The uniform of' the McMabon Guard and French Gopriate £400 for the support of Rev Mr. Cridge, the co- fortunes lately. He wa:- abaut fort; years old, and c * * ^TbtfilHi alaaasWtiss, it utaatd, paar fof '^heprddw reaaf*to«al*ha!SB»maats•ciat vtt was held tit Spfteejdeld, Ihey eteeted fhe^aSowtog ofltosrs.:IGuard a the same as that of tho French Imperial Guard. T £ T i l k M toTreat advantage. The former is composed" Utohmtn-tht ldter are all uattvea ofIrom New York.Thursday last, at San Andreas, Mrs. McBride attiitting her throat at to commit suicide by cutting her throat andwith a razor. Tbe principal arteries w^re not with a razor. The principal arteries w^re not opei#djsje ps»»Jto%utBorttles.prtedpalty Frshee.The express np river did eot connect at New Westmin-ster, but all the accounts are or the most cheering eht- though the wounds inflicted were dreadful to behoti.racterasregardIthemines,and even thecroaker*nre obliged to change their tone.killed during the 'by the accidental discharge of a pistol he held in his«ai Mission Railroad was opened with suitable cere mantes on the fourth. Cars now run every half hour, sumni is used instead of horses.there ia now in ear Mat* Treasury tt»3M payable to the holders of the ttvil Funded Debt of California. The TreasurerannouncesthathewillpurAaseatthelowest twiceoffered,thecivilbond*oftheSlateissuedunder tbTact of April, 1869. to the above amount. Seded pro- veaaat wiU be received up to September 5.^ h e Supreme Court has granted the applications of Xc- Cauley hTevls, leases of the State Prison, tor a man iamui on the State Comptroller for g^TO.000 Tne Uwia | X passed an act creating the Governor, Attorney tnme ^SuaoBuieJtreaiwer • **** ofCommissioners toxaakeasettlemwt.ontheconditionsthattheleaneos nhfiald release the State from all chims under the con tract entered Into with James M. Kattll, on the 29;.h of March.18M,andthatthepartiesholdingthecontractasklrff,^*! >'*t ayraantHnrcaoocs:alsotook"bom*oVe;tioileTbt IM>lesaor Ismsato,wbtob-aw'-eatowas aa eieeimar Looeua saldthaijij tht« difouBfre haipreaesud themselves to llBrTMbgi aeathPlferfsolved thema boy named William Gaulcy wnsnMrely for •»»»#« •dsaueiation, but *nW**>• awcrmsry, •gMloKree, but at otfeaandeSa'lA party of men who started from the Willamette Valley to prospect in tbe Blue Mountains, has been routed by the prtsbn tnd all proporttos connected therewith, free from Snake Indians, who gave them battle. Seven Indiansg - r a m V f h t w ^ ^ ^ and,asawhole,itmaybesafelysaidthattoepagerwas an excellent addition to what la already known of this to' J^ressorttSrav, a very distinguished scientific netery to the Smithsonian Institution, thepv of Professor Bacbe, and sate that the anther haddepreciated its^vhlue. He would bear his Matt tlmt sat a more vaaasbte thesis bad haaa read be-fore the society for a tang tsawj iMr jAiots Hvatr, of New York, drew attention to theaaaiWeea should pass over to the CommwsioBera thenil incumbrance, a s well a s t o release Jshn B Wellerfrom all responsibility and claims for the taking and de-tention by him of the State Prison in 1868. By this actthe Commissioners are authorized to draw upon the StateTreasury to the amount of $276 000 MoCnoley, tt seems,lias not asea I t to confer with the Commissioners, but near thim- Three have arrived at the Dalles. baa pushed his claim before the Court, and the Court hasd+ctoe* to his favor. U.H reported that McCauley claimsa* the material at tke State Priaon, as well as coaspoapa-aibafb* wu*k pertormed by the convicts. He intends, It the assessment roll, amounts to t2,881,231; the true to said, pfoatcuting a demand Tor at least 18*,000 more. value, however , must b e over S3 000,000 The average-the theory by M-A man named Samuel Cronch was murdered in bis bed, daily attendance of scholars at the three schools in thisnt Caatie s Raaohe, Dry Creek, on S*turday last, by one elty is 400. The Marshal also reports nearly one hundred who. though arrested, effected his es- vacant houses.TbstHawaiianLegislaturecontinuedinsession. Thejre-porte of the vartods departments bad been recetoad andpublished, and freely t-asnmented on by the press. A him by electing him to fill tbe responsible office ot Presi- general tone of satisfaction prevaile-l. J dent of so learned and intellectual a body. As a humblefitete trationsofsolarphenomenajustexplained by ProfessorBacbe.Tbe association then adjourned tiU half-past four o'clock.BVgKIMO S1S8TOK.Tne association met, pursuant to adjournment, a little{after half past four o'clock.Professor EDWARD HITCHCOCK, of Amherst, read a paper on some interesting points to lebnotogy. Tbe whole ar gument was to show that tbe probability is that the great collection of phelsngjal impressions found la the fonneeticnt vaiey has been tented by two togged birds. These ornlthotogtoal impreasions, as he took them to be, supplied some interesting considerations regarding the anomalies to fossil tracks of quadrupedal animaUandofe geology of Newpatt. •Professars Roons and aetata and Dr. S'twaaaa •fi-dttteted from tew vteam gmns4i> by Mr, te Hate nil JAStbe toasrUly of the ea/heajtemp e ?its found te ain'trent portions of tbe country. Ahbosft there whs some irienj between the dsterent formattoas, they would not IM ushe theory ef direct ideatitj.' •ofessor EDWASD Hneaneoa then read a ftjKivisg Mtea ' Wamtoted - teste rsapsctogchalbropterle af East Haaaptoa. and ia drawiag at- TM **^^tee* mmU ~^^a * TM * ^^~m^AM»mmA ^TM *A finding toat the atraetorv' ITtet ant was ao nsjrd aad. tmy»*t&, tbe seadsteae da)V fwna&r V a W r w ftVWi>> km M P ' H a i • •cape. They quarrelled about a woman.Dennis Docherty was killed at Eureka on the 27th oflast month, by a bank of earth falling on him.Joseph A. Post, at one time a prominent member of a Urge mercantile bouse in this ciy, committed suicide insfcTcounty hoaipiUl, last week, by cutting his throat. flaptam H. L Ford, Indian Agent a t the MendocinoReservation, was killed at Nome Cult Monday last, by theaccidental discharge of his pistol. It was fastened to thehern of his saddle, aad it exploded ia some unexplained and to Fort Benton by the last of July. The winter quar- manner, the bullet hitting him in the neck and killing' ters had been abandoned, and the wagon trains, undernun lOBiantly. Ha arrived a t Nome Cult the day before Lieots. White and Lyon, were pushing ahead.'*m* report of tbe Chief JusMce gives a syaepsis of investigator into the great mysteries of science, aud pos-to receive some cattle for the use of the Mendocino reser- -vsUea. Caetvn Ford was an old rtnident of California, and served with Fremont.An affray took place last week at North San Juan, be- tftaea a Mexican and an American named Fisher, in which the latter was stabbed in several places.Raher offered to bet MOO that he would d|ie from the wounds. Tan Mexican was taken by the crowd, who took htm away and went hwoad town towards the digging*. Messrs k Waters, of the hydraulic press, oonstablaod other citizens, spoke earnestly against the; iiug. that seamed inevitable, until the crowd pro- •iaeu to wait till Fisher died. At last accounts Fishert&a not ezp«-cted to survive, and the Mexican was undeij ffuaru of his captors.Lieut. — — was pushing on in advance with the marking parties, some one hundred men, and since we last heard from tbe expedition ferty five miles of the road had been opened. 4Lieut. Mulian is ordered with the troops to Walla Walla, sad It was confidently expected that the movement would be made successfully end-to-good season.and fidelity.FROM THE SANDWICH ISLANDS.The ship Isle of France arrived here on the 4th instant,Tli?Shoattm)M<.mia in Dtnver CSto»I*5«or, Pmwttr andPvtote Amongst the Bn-dv B^pam—The mbtm \for honorable reputation of tbe American Scientific Associa birds found to sandstone formations.itat chaplain.The Wlbxin G. Hunt arrived at \ ictoria on Wednesday, Smb ult , from Fraser river.vndreas, Mrs. MoBridtoprotld*on this occasion. t h # WaH «Maaa| aasatinajl of theThe ffautv-Adotaarta. as* - _, JfZ • i slowly. Very fei Wi3!i»mFarley.a fitttaa .teneraily respactedvdftt oa numbers returning.the flth tost, from the effects of Injuries receivedby* going to bb*mountains, " wm[***p**» fait on the 20th of hist month. He was proprietor er ,, The meetiag called to take into ooasiitoaaaatffcV* jt**t gas . wd «*W s*'asat wdrt' •tested * «ertioaalWU^iaKatJIi' .ist^**'•*!aamAmOSM I T\mris, of Baltimore, and R. W. «*•*' Sf Seat* <torotina, •FroSsssor Acasm propsjet %at tbaacottoa should ad-From nearly all parts the miners arc bringing in water birth, in which the latter met his deajh.M K«s?R!!4VHiute the benches and banks and gulches, and establishing pern anent mining They are finding pay dirt from ten to twenty four (bet deep, and getting coarse gold, from a bittoStO pieces, on reaching the bed rock. Ia many placts the dirt pays »« through. ••. ,j «a_ll> Tba I nited States steamer Shubrick arrived at Saa frai-WMH . is*tered into a learned eipfctbatiea Ofsolar observations are aonduatodt and how liable they were to be disturbed and rendered use csi by the una Voidable variations of the magnetic needle. Tba paperby showing tbe result of every hour of observation nvear,ssagreatmanydisturbedobservation*nadh ft»Tftm%»KC ye^'Assoonashydraulicwashtogcanbemlreduced,whichis contemplated in many places, the mines will rival anyof those further MHith, on aceunt of the facility of ob- ney;L- B. Hastings, for representative; Joseph taining water, and the loose nature of the soli washed.Newport,sadnotatowfromotherStated. alto a considerable sprinkling of the gentler a absndant accommodation bad been provided,ere Therewereanswer tba several objectiaswertbaaeveralobtoctioos. theabiscUohtotoetheoryProvMtons, while still affording a large profit, are much lewer*Jeffrey's express brought down bbout 16,000 in lust, and a huge express.InprivatehandssomeW.000camedowa. FROM OREOOK.The Convention was called to order at half past tenwere kiBed and two whites wounded. The whites wereobliged to burn their stores, to prevent them from fallingInto the hands of the Indians The party is scattered; forms us that two more bodies of mjudered repsrt of them are with Major Stein's command, who wasbeen washed ashore on the beach near theThis makes thrss dead bodies found within ten daysKSWS rww TBS aasawtcH ISLAHDS.RywayofVictoria,VI, aadPort Tovnsaad.W.I., we have intelligence from Honolulu to 9th June, tw o weeks later than dates received direct at San Francisco,We learn from the Census Marshal that the population of Portland as taken by him is 2,678. The total valuation of property for Multnomah county, in accordance withthe coed beds stern coal basins. Mr. Hitchcockto taeeastora a u ko read a paper egtiXUT. MI LI.AN'S EXPEDITION.Intelligence from Lieut. Mullen's expedition, via the. "crime for tbe five past yeasty aad shows that A bettersessing but circumscribed powers for the benefit of the association, he would ask for, as ba was sure he would rap ctive, tbe indulgence and consideration of the mumbers. Be crusted that the most perfect harmony would, as here-Boundary Commissioner's express, has been receive* up to the 4th of June. An express bad reached I4wt M from Fort Benton, bringing intelligence of the movementstate of morals now exists ia the ialau is than during any of the preceding years.of three hundred troops over the military road. The roadsource of gratification that such great success bad always attended their meetings; and he was pleased now to see that they had BOmany distinguished visiters from the North, tbe South, tbe East and tbe West. It Was, bow- ever, his painful duty to record tke toss to tbe society of a valuable co laborer, who bad contributed largely to thewould be completed to Hell's Gate by the 25th of June.Oar Beaver City Cwnreapondesaae. nn^'ciTv-.juiyj^ttiTfJ.Mr. Robert Thompson, au old s a d esteemed citizen ofOregon, was drowned to the Willamette, at Portlaud, ontoe 21st, while on his way home from the theatre. Be Scott troubles In Easten Kansas, was shot six times by had tii.ed many places of eminent public trust with honorI made mention, a short time since, of an expedition from Sydhey, via Honolulu. We have the PobjMsi*n of They finally agreed to settle it by shooting at each other wliouleaBanFrancisco forBebring'sStraits,theobject thelatterplacetoMay26. r.ttoneortbeother was kitleu. w ouuuruor Kunm athis countrytwo children.between Mrs. Smith and Curtiss, and that Smith treated his wife in a very abusive manner. Mrs. Smith often threatened to leave him, when his reply invariably would be, "Go and be d—d, that he wished her and the children were to hell."Curtiss and Mrs. Smith finally started for this city. Smith started in pursuit and overtook them in camp. Curtiss was rested in the frout end of the wagon and Smith shot at him, missing him and hitting Mrs. Smith in the thigh. Curtiss shot Smith, killing him instantly. Curtiss is said to have passed through here on his way to the States. Mrs. Smith is not seriously wounded.gold is said to have seen discovered, and the captain the master of the Cynthia, had fallen in love with a that, when the pistol went off, the contents lodging in Hart- of languages. By Henry M Barmanorigin of languages, but merely to speak of their devel-opement and change. Tbe question naturally arose, "DMman originally invent vocal symbols for himself, or didhis Creator endow bim with s language suited to hislimited wants-'' If man Invented vocal symbols, it musthave been after long and arduous labor. It ia morechnen* of which they took on board, one of them laughtoglv remarking to the captain that they had discovereda gold mine. None of toe parties bad seen gold in its na-tural state, and they were so ignorant of metal as to pro-nounce it brass. The specimens were kicked about the acknowledge that this important reformation must ne-6. On the hydrates of sesquioxide of chronlum. N. Horsford.By E.deck as refuse muter, and nothing more was thought of the discovery until a year or two later; when the second ate huppeaed to be in Australia, and saw the gold fromS• in uta. Us close resemblance to the mineral discover- on the northwest coaM satisfied the mate that the lat- r was gold. Be made several attempts to get up an exiiion, but every one laughed at him for bis folly. Mean- t i n e the captain had written home to a brother, mention] ig the discovery, and appointing to meet him in Call "or-cessarily be the work of some little tine, we assure your Majesty that no co operation on our part slitll be wanting to effect this great national requirement as rapidly as cir- cumstances will allow.Tbe House of Nobles elected the following officers:— President, his Excellency M. Kekuanaoa; Secretary, H L. Sheldon.and potassa. By 1'.. N Horsford.8. Analysis of s bituminous earth from Brazil, By E. N.sented as having a fu1knowledge of a language. For 9. The loss by fire of Berdan'B mechanical bakery in thermore, we have no proof that any savage people everHawaiian language in the State schools. The House of Representatives, in reply to the King's address, say:We are rejoiced to hear that the President of the Board of Education proposes to change the character of the na- tional schools by substituting the English for the Ha waiian language, as the medium cf tuition, and while wetogether . accompanied b y Smith's wife and It seems there w a s some correspondencesion of the declinometer observations made at the Girartd College, Philadelphia, between tbe years 1840 and 1841, With special reference to the solar diurnal variation ana its annual inequality. By A. D. Bacbe.Rev. Ix>wtll Mnitb. .The Japanese corvette Candtrmarrah arrived at HonoII. General account of the results of Part III of the dis- posed first to give a general account of theOn tbe Origin and Stratigraphies! relatkmsjof th* Tee- pee* rocks of Lake Superior. By J. W. Foster sad 1. • Whitney.These papers were very brief, and the sectir; son after adjourned.AFTBRKOOS BESSIOV.Section B having concluded their day's bust ess. Usassociation met together in the apartments of section A Professor W. II. RUGBS presented snd read a paper giving s description of a new regatering th^-"m:meter, invented by James Lewis, of Moht-» N*« York. Althoughtheitstrument itselfmayrepair? some modifications to make it perfect" ye: be thought that it was an invention well worthy of the aitoLtion i-f the society. Tbe inventor i n nee laboring bard to bring the thenrometer to perfective and in view of his energy, tou'-sty and worthy coedsst he (the Professor) bad consented to present th. pr**-s paper in his name. He then entered into a ttcbaio* description of the new but as yet Imyerfect instrt sneai.Some questions relating to tbe mechanism of th? the mometer were p u t and answered b y t h e Professor, sM the matter then dropped., Professor JOHN LSCONTE then read an excellent pap ir a the ''Phenomena presented by tbe Silver Sr'.£i * Marlon county. Florida Tbe tendency of this pasr was to show that ail the popular ideaa in regard to tat supernatural character of the spring bad no exatesee c fact. He described tbe beautiful and perfectly enchasl'Sf appearance of the waters and its highly diaphanous etoractor, exemplifying its transiuceocy by stating that the*** YORK HtRALP. or at least tbe larger type of that paper could be read at the bottom of tbe water. The icpti ef the spring bad been variously estimated, but there wwt a variety of reasons for the "difference of opinion people. Tbe Professor then explained bow in semethe water appears deeper than it really Is, and ts shallower, giving the usual scientific eiplaaattoa ef tat refraction of raye. Ihus all the mysteries of its wtk!* vanish under the investigation of science Tee ijjdi- nous properties of lie water! are perennial aad ire s>t h any way disturbed by the seasots, by rain, or by tk» rushing of waters a rough the country.vesw became known to some parties in thiscay. who, for the last seven years, have endeavoredis find s<me one who could point out the locality. AMonth or so since they were fortunate enough to tlad oneof the '-racers of Mm vessel first alluded to, who wasenabled to designate the exact locality. Ajoint stockcdmpany was then formed, a vtssel chartered, and theJasoi * are now afloat in search of their golden fleecei»nly two men in the company knew the exact spot where circumstances. It is reported that 3ap:ain Sherman, counter, and aiming at Hadley asked how he would like 13 Reflections on the origin, development and changeslulu on tbe 23d May, and the Japanese had been received at Court with much attention. TheCandLuraarrau was to sail for Japan on the 27tb May.Inst evening an auctioneer, named Mel. 11.idley, was ac cidontally shot by a barkeeper named Wm. Baits. They were friendly and were joking and fooling across the bar, wmn Hadley asked Bates to let him light his segar at hiscussion of the declinometer observations made at Giraitd College, Philadelphia, between the years 1840 and 1814, with special reference to the investigation of the iufla- encc of the moon on the magnetic declination. By \ D. Bacbe.informed Mr. Kent of his discivery. The latter ceived no Instructions to despatch letters or newspapers.at the discoverer, and told him he was crazy: but Fortunately, Welle. Fargo & Co, supply the place that his life, holding his hands over his head to protect it, andnothing daunted, proceeded with his work, and even one of his fingers was -shot off by the ball which all enclosure. B e then procured a small" torn," should be occupied by government agent*. They take a killed him. Gordon had colUred several other men dur- instrument kne wn to all miners and farmers siuce the large quantity of letters and i apers. The rates or fare to ing the evening, threatening to kill them, but had been kept from doing ss by timely interference of tba bystand- ere. He seems to have been perfectly crazj.l with liquor, having beea on a spree for over two weeks. l*st week he shot a barkeeper in a house of ill repte, patting five balls into hi* lejs in various places, and b'reakiLj themMr. K. N. Hon.-F.iRD read a paper entitled, • Caa tat Sudden cooking of one part of a metallic rod cause aMtw Dr. lAViaie, of Washington, proposed and it was re part, aa a consequence, suddenly to become warm'' te*of 1340: procured water By having it hauled up New York on tie Sonora are: cabin, S260 and $t26. steer" bill. |and went earnestly to labor at washing gold.30. Some experiments and references in regard to beco cular vision. By W. B. Rogers.solved that tbe standing committee be authorized to take be clearly proved In the affirmativeMr. H- A. Cira read a very well seleued paper on • »the day he actually washed out about $60 in gold age, $125.This success, of course, had its natural elect A number of witnesses were examined last week beforethe proper steps for tbe appointment of a permanent provement in Barometers," aad at the same time exhiiael 51 On the actinism of the electric discharge in va officer to regulate the railway affairs of the society. The an improved inatrument, which be thougnt is desl-cd »aa excitable population. A number of othersoff claims and pr weeded to work; and up to last the Probate Judge in the matter of Senator Broderick'stwice.No attempt was mide to arrest Gordon until Saturday mornitg. fchen a large meeting assembledcuum tubes. By W B. Rogers. I32 Jottings on the geology \of the eastern partiMaine. &». By W. B. Rogers.managers of the different railway companies had beenvery kind and courteous to the members of the society,fcipplant all other baromeb rs, if It could be brought w* mtoently before tbe public B e claimed the advacar for his instrument that it was the mort simple sad < *various small amounts had been (band. Mr. will. According to their testimony the genuineness of., having bis eyes opened by the genuine suocess of tbe signatures of deceased and the subscribing witnesses83. On the recent discovery by Mr. Norman Eattopi of making an exception or reduced fares in their case; hut tive of its kind, at tt could be understood by the s JV>»My. threw aside bis Incredulity, and went to work him- was clearly ttow u. Jonathan Dt Stevenson, William M. on Bradford's corner, nearly one thousand djftlars was fossils in the conglomate of Taunton river. By W, B.person.One of the members challenged tbe mvention ia t larttand cruel neoner, telling tbe inventor to his fac > uiat a bad watted bis ingenuity on a useless object. Tbe .area torattemptedtoreply,buttheobjectorwasmostua* sonablyincorrigible,»ndcontinuedinamostunj:.-'.h»' manner to rail against what appeared to be a very p #aud he washed out several dollars worth of the premetal We ourselves saw yesterday, a piece of gold. Lent, William Meehan. Frank Turk and Herman IVahlerr 5 ? ^ ? * W and M , washed out of dirt taken from all declared the will to be genuine. The matter ia stillraised and parties started out in all directions. Nothing Rogers. it was necessary that there should be a recognized officerdefinite was heard of nim till Sundav morning: a message 34. On our inability through the retinal impression of the association known to the managers of the compa-•fc**W •**•*? which still continues to be the Comstock toaawg||a,tofS. Butth*sand,inalldirections,has „£B^Lf*JSBBtB**Jon'to containgold;and,conse-A maa earned Suuer, who had been working for Kelltt,off. claimaujominfhla former emptofer"and n Judges. One case In which it is neki that parties who and stray horsemen were scattered down the Platte, has-< t h , w i l h a^ B ° U m . l ^ i - r 2 « \ * old'sieve, suemads street repairs (though the proper officers had no authoritytoenterintothecontracts)areentitledtore- cover from the city, will increase our debt some say *:000C0—others,includingoneofthejudges,sayf170,tening to the scene of action, armed with rifles, shot guns and pist!>ls. About four P. M. part returned, having metamessenger,whosaidGordonrodeoatofthe fort past the guard on a fast horse and escape! to thebrofis. Theguardshotathim,and,judgingfrom the motions of the horse, had wounled bias t>win"Wappean rocks oTlake Superior. Hy J. W. Foster and J. Dumont, u d Hon. Lucius G. Chittenden. to be treated by the calm reasoning of tbe society Tt D. Whitney. session at this time was very scant, and soon after t-38. On the lead region of the Upper Mississippi. By As regular members:-Dr. T. C. Dunn, Prof. B. C, QiS. jonnied to ten o'clock to morrow morning.fcJas^lL^anfcee* <^*WWOfUl *°"3 rhatever of such therfnty navs^bnelf'to 8 ^nw^5^^v^'M^v^r«haWtth tne «4J.D.Whitney. T88. Some points in the surface geology of tbe Northson,andIsaacBradford.ItwasthenannouncedthatProfessorHenrywouldde TateBiitlahAssociationfortheAdvas**-doubted to old times, and he a off a claim of ISO feet square, in tnTnasse ef ACo.,nextwestof Kelly'sclaim Oilierpar- portionsofthestreetsandneigh-in the decMoa, which he denies over his own signature. Disappointed suitors are the instigators of the serious charge,whichbaanot,sotar.aparticleofevidencetobecome dampand hung fire. Had they been in good con- dition he would, no doubt, have been killed oa the spot. Quitea number ofmenstartedinpursuit. Lateiatbe eESf !£oUT!5r£"rtved,whohadthehoneGordontarted o n , which had been found in the blu'fs badlv wounded in the hip and shoulder. Gordon is thought to been foot and wounded, as they found blooa oa his track. Some eight er tea men are still in pursuit, and h e standsRoosevelt.41. On the origin and distribution of the sedimentscomposingthestratifiedrocksofNorth America. ByJ. S.Newberry. ]42. OL the surface geology of Western America. B y 1. S. Newberry. * 45. OB toe petrolian webs of the Mississippi Valley.By J . 8 . Newberry.44. Onthe cthnolojicalvalueofthe imitative facoltvin relation to the characteristics of ancient and modern American races By Daniel Wilson;that Professor Bache would lecture on the " Golf 8tream"' attbesameplace,ateighto'clockp.M.,onSaturday.Onmotion,tbeassociationdecidedtodivide intosec' tions for the facilitation ef business.OP TBE ISTXBPRJ8E—INTMESTLMJ PaPEK 09 TS- srsJECT BY COLONEL ff. t . BEASTXEK-MB*". * * PEB.OFTHENEWTOM CXIVEMITV.OXECSOrU" PROOKE8S,BTC,ETC.The meeting of the British Assoetettoe for th; Advtaw ment of Science, held at Oxford, adjourned os*****pendingbeforetheProbateCourt.Somerecent decisionsoftheSupremeCourt aHectingmiles below Denver, on the Platte, with a aumber of friends,anddefied themtotakehim. Thetownwasin- stantlyinastate ofconfusion generally,manyotteringS5.OnthedataandmethodsoftheHindooastronomy. ByW.D.Whitney. i^up notices, of which the following n sustain It.Judge McAllister, of t h e United States Circuit Court,sa.cariouss«tofs specimentest*M srorth scarly |4; bat most of that procured w*» intail of Donati'safter tbe appearance of thisthe position that the vapory tail which follows la the'fc^^^Tfi&StolX!^HERALD,5, 186K , , i. a itotosa and has I Bather living a fiw oHiealfe-wltoacldrwsiaranch - '• —ild, drifting isfromtheocean»1thetime,anJ nans,o!"Sacramento 'Sedretotj'"—WW*«» •«•"»"£' lW bas l>een a feeling of ioaemfrity luV'Tsoas*_ing our penmtnla rich in uuim 'ginwl wealth. It will Treasurer-John H Turn*y. Direntors-^obms. SUia, B. time rasv by our peaceable an*crier lortof citisens; It tasectiOBS.ph HlU, the Potrero, and at msay other points. But frame house on Dupost street, near Pacifift, wbltmthe wind, tec—which brings in the sand drlfw from suned five adjoining burWrngS. T * loss i* about so#t».Howone'sBramsoutonsight,aid whodo-dot WoTdTwyib*Preatdeat,proce*todtoaleatafflftersaadtoa^fa^orteeT -ward, and coverft the bills a»J vale* over toe whole the country {.tainted red on the r W r Smith msp— gold with Itsteo.thea,truly,wehave fortune Jb, without tbe need of any more Gold Bluffs, Kt-raAnMeuaauftadlriindBaf Bell and Bwrett is- «a£d, for this evenintj, wlib the view of forming a slnbv Tbe personsappealedtodonotamountto moreihn*.a»nndvnheeithertoelr own life or thai-of any one else ieaafc SBMrtoman recognasd tow owaitoers of say t U h.gh time bbst a Vjgfanee (ksasaittee were mIfvs operatioa. Latest asvkeammiag newe.saya towns arc bsuWing u *1»K£saToibba ^^.^^f'SSii^m^iSA MistoiifSSi cf the section, aad Prufsmor Q. & Lymsn^Wea^Sat^' Horeterd, cfCambridge:S K Sebo- SstofoMT^I^tTSrW-- Mitchell, ^tucket, were elected a standing committee toad during the re^SsstoSafaa^iEdiiSsa IfcUad-safcto; Co«a.ofnominatiaw committee to oo operate with tbe other com tnrttewmtbe selection of offlcera tor tbe neit annualFourthofJulywascelebratedhithisettywith rivers,Fra*ersorWa»h"es. Rwtltoeeasy,then,to&>l fulinCstitorata. ^ _eutbostasm. We had two prcaeBSi<»B--oae of upthatuglyholeatthecornerofWashingtonand MasonA ne# ssantof paper at1Io*«M.*iTer hasthis CttjK t» * of quarto form, and it is to be a- ot new3and literature. ^Charles Maogeat and Edward T Denial have turns to be discharged from their ctobts, under toe sionBoftbatoBolvenl law. The liabUiiies of thegtrb, belonglog to the Episcopal Mission Sunday and later la the day a proeeastoa of military, aad eitVe bodies. An oration was deliTdred byla the forenoon, before the childrea aad la theafternoon Mr.8.M.Wllseaspokeaethe thedayintheAmericantheatre. Mr.James ,, formerly an attorney in Hew York city,re-» admirable picm of hH own crampeettiOB. An 1our hills win all be graced; tbe dirt beneath us be beaten into ornaments for the ears of our wives d daughter-, thousands of honest and industrious sera will come amongst us, aad the progress of the stains of sand which are pouring in upon ut will pein and around Oregwstes ate dotof faatotoayMhe^tossjUland mill evidently taking trs toad, totoac out nearlv ottTlhousMd doUart e s e w day 's-run. W " J f l P 2 » « v _ raeet'D*lay on the bed at his sideealthy, but he appears to have met mM-, ,Ing >afe been placed st the disaaaatM Sbswaaadtotlt onaser ssMBweststsfwuaannual motions of the sun, founded on certain decUns* , -last Saturday evening a fatal rencontre took place ta this'oit\ between a policeofficer, nameda^rmanlf steamboat runner named Jacob Keimes,fcT.lah, ^Dr>'i.!«W*.»*a PrenWcnt;lYotesasr JoaspFROM PUOBT .lorND.The session opened under vary favorable auspices. July4. TheannualelectionforJeffersoncounty,iswhich Therewasalarge attendanceoftheleadingcitizensofcisco July 10, from Port Townsend, W. T., with dates to Port Townsend is situated, was to take place on Monday,to • perwstly aatiafactory wanner. He then proceeded to l«jwiwu;•MBiawilJfluilCT. HieHUB•TOBS—elIS8thJuly• theSe-ii/terpubiahesafulldemocraticcount ticket in which Paul C Huhbs figures for District AafjweTIdemonstrated. Tbe Krafesaoraosjatojed at jtom* to restate bte ieading argunteau and to combat ia ite termieattoo ofjtoi ffiuss&a th> tectlea af till hah*past fodfP^ I T ^ f i TOF atepwtt ay sanaraa, TO KATTJSAI.UWfl dJ»te«tdmv.Oa the Opening of thai aectkm Colonel Foster was tppsinted chahteih of the day., vS , % fefr. C. H. HITCHCOCKread a paper, which eeenptot tite/iiteheat teate, retotiv* toibe ^ochronwsa efthai tod> in thaeteede tetoaa aad Weatera Waited States Ctal Bt- »• • « ii nileni i af that amaneni waa ** «*«— taat •e analogy exists betweea tbe fossils, steels, aad tatton, for treasurer, John A. Tucker, for sheriff;B^W. Watkins, for coroner; — , for wreck mastor, James G. Swan, for justice of the peace y iCaptain Robertson, of Whitby's Island, says that 6a the 224 June bis son found the body of a Northern Indian w«nan lyingonthebeach. Tnedeceasedhagbeen s t s W d in the breast in Beveral places, f h e only clothing on the woman was a white chemise Thi aturdtr lad er-idemlybeenofverylecentdate,sathebadyws|notof- fensive The body was decently buried by tba young men. We are, as yet, unable to discover who perpetrators of thismcrder. But If only addstion, afford to throw Wat Soar er dvw i o'clock, try Professor Edward Hitchcock, the retiring only rejectsnefase sats*eaajtjal aadd;of crimes which Is sure to bring vengeance on heads. Since writing t h e above, Captain RotTbe whole number of whaling vessels that have gonenorth from Honolulu for tbaSfrtof season of 1 8 * is 1*9. tofore, pervade all their deliberations. It waa cerUioly aJama Gtrden— Organisation of ATigHa^eMining GotHp—Tke Mailt, die. •For the past week this community has !>een leapt In aHon. He alluded to Mr. James P. Kspy, Mm distinguishedwriter on the theory of storms, who entered into his flnat Professor AfiAsaz thought that it would be necessary to rest after reaching his 76th year. Tbe venerable President inquire into the nature and character of the aabTtaia aad concluded bis speech by personalty addressing the Mayor,midst,and near us. In Colorado city, last^veck s mtunamed Pat Develia, who formerly figured largely to FortThe Secretary then read the following list of the various scientific papers to be brought up is the course of the seve ral sessions for the consideration of members:—4 M 1 ;James Ijifferty, and will probably die. Lefferty was tried before a peoples' court, occupying some three hours, and the jury found a verdict of justifiable homicide. It seems Uie parties lived together and often had serious quarrels.I. Brief abstract of a memoir on the theoretical deter-The bark Cynthia, o: Honolulu, br.d returned to thatport from a whaling voyage on the coast of California,and last from Misatlan, under singular and mysterious face. Bates drew a heavy horse pistol from uuder the ber 2,1863 By Elias Loomis.ontbe I21h mat., died last night from the injuries then from San Francisco, chartered to take guano from Baker's received. Harrison is at liberty, and no attempts haveIsland, at 911 a ton.Sax FKASITSCO, July 11,1S60. JAe I'nst'lhd Siot* of the United States MaH Arrang&mnti wi'fa tht JEfiifVrn Sta' s—R^"nl Legal Decisions Affectingtht Ct'.y (tf San FYancMco—AKeged Complicity of a Judge of th-> Supreme Court—Tetty-aph Enterprise—Coittem- ptatfd Encampment oftkf &»n Fr«iu isco Militia—Fire in Dvpmt 3tftH—%hi Bell-Everett Partf—Casualties andCrime.*, «fw.The steamship Sonora, whijh 'eaves here this morningfor Panama, taU- no mail, the 1'ostmastor having rebeen made for an examination or arrest.On Saturday morning last this community was shockedby the intelligence that a man had been wantonly and brutally murdered on Blake street the preceding night. The murdered man's name was John Ganz, a German, from Leavensworth. who has been in the country about one year. He was pass- ing along the street quietly, minding his own business, when ooe James Gordon rushed out of a saloan, seized him by the hair and dragged him into the stloon and commenced beating him and pulling him around, saying he was going to kill htm, and finally got him down by the bar, and literally blew out his brains with his revolver. A number of Gordon's friends stood bv aud teemed to have made no attempt to interfere, but icft ths scene in baste, ttonz is said to have begged most pitoously fortbe identity of words and languages. By H. M Harman. 22. An attempt to estimate the height, velocity, &iJof the meteors of the evening or July 20, 1160. By H. M.Harman. I 23 On the phenomena presented by the <silverspring" in Marion county, Florida. By John I.ecoute.84. Influence of difference in the .mean velocity of winds from the different points of the compass, inmodii fying the mean direction of the atmospheric currents ovetrthe United States By Jas. H. Clafltn. '25. Remarks upon certain points in ichnologv. Bward Hitchcock. ^ ' • 26 Additional facto respecting the clathropterls ofEast Hampton. R y Edward Hitchcock.27. Description of brccciatod tracy hylic dykes in Shcl-burne, T t . with special reference to their temperature, when formed. By Edward Hitchcock23. Upon a diatomaceous earth from Nottingham, Cal- vert county, Md. By C. Johnson, of Baltimore.29. Description of a new registering therapmeter Bv James Lewis, of Mohawk, N. Y. Presented by W 1B. Rogers.Some discussion took place on the causeE of these at- mospheric phenomena, in which Dr. Osgood and Mr. Hyatt,ofNew York,and several other |entlemen, partici- pated.The grand hall is crowded with the elite of the citizens of Newport, and a large number of the strangers now re- siding In the city.The CHAIKMAS called attention to several sections of the constitution in reference to the order In which the va- rious papers should be read.The STCRETART then read the minutes of the first day's proceedings, which were duly confirmed.The negro man stack, shot bv Harrison, the gambler,20. Geology of Newport and vicinity. By C. H. Hitch- battery: some of the operators on touching toe tele cock. graphic wires received shocks precisely the same as those SI. The theory of probabilities applied to determine caused by electricity. \Committee—President of tbe association, who invited ths Rev. Dr. Dumont to open the proceedings with prayer.TheRev.Dr.DUBHWT,ofNewport,thenofferedupa very impressive and eloquent prayer, invoking the bless- ing of God on the proceedings of the society, and return toithanksforalltbeblessingswhichnavehitherto been ahowered on its labors. J , r 'The PRKSIDBYTthen Introduced to the audience the Hon. W; H. CuASsros, Mayor of the city of Newport, who ad- dressed the assembled audience in a very well conceived speech. He spoke of tbe seasoaableness of tbe* visit to Newport, and of the associations connected with that old and honored city, and tbe spot oa which they met teas day, and alluded particularly to tbe great Americas ora- tora whose voices bad been heard in that hail. He con clnded by warmly welcoming the soembers of the sssoci- ation to Newport. !Prof. HrrcHCOCTK introduced Dr. ISAACLaa, the President elect,whoreturnedhissincerethankstothemembersof tbe association for the honor which they had conferred onTho observations of PnihwIJtphawslw*else tbev eould not bear sea* etoso ratoeton state thebirds which existed at the probable time that these constant state of excitement by shooting atTrsf* in our and returning him his sincere thanks, on behalf of this tracks were made* before any satisfacto-y conclusionbovilder.wtoabbehadriosity attracted stuch attenUon. On the b-wlder bedf opened, the cestre Was foaad to ceaakd of rtegtoot a sNone ef the members could explain tbe causes ef fa Strangely beautiful appearance of the boulder, altotad rarious indefinite opinions were given as to tht siageW formationProfessor EDWARD HmaewK followed with another at per, descriptive of breciated tracyhiic dykes to Shelbwm Vermont, wtto special reference to their temperalsn when formed. The chief interest of this paper was e s tered to the views which it developed cooom ing the metamorphosis of rocks. In tbe dya under consideratiee, the Professor at.d Ut trachyte limestone bad been found, and the gras question is, how did these come there. It was errtti that they were never cast np, and is his opm-oa tea must have been produced by heat ia an ocean belProfessor ACASSIZ made some general remarks t i t\t I the opini< ns of other members, but no new features wot presented.could be drawn as to their possible origin. To draw analogies between these tracks aad exiting birds sad animals would never end te any practical oonclaaion.Professor ROOGKKSwas of a similar opinion.Tne next paper was read by Professor E. N. HORSFORD, on some of the relations of the violet and green modifica- mination of tbe dimensions of Donati's comet. By W. A. tions of chrome alum to soda, potassa and ammonia. This Norton. ^~ was an extremely complicated paper, only to be under- 2 On some of the relations of the violet and green modi- stood and thoroughly appreciated by advanced chemists. fications of chrome alum to soda, potassa and ammonia. He made some \exf elaborate and highly Interesting cal-^a. X:riewJiiiiaaonla ctiromc arum,andtneviolet, green enUtMOT,whlohcannotpoBSTbiyOereporten., The LegisMtuxe was omened on th* oaa u*r as* **•*delivered an opening address of htte interest abroad, ex- man darned Smith was shot by one named Curttss. Thecept a recommendation to substitute the English for the parties were from Benton county, Arkansas, and came to 5. General account of tbe results of Part II of tbe discus languages." He did not, be said, intend to discuss thecame In, saying Gordon was at Fort Lupton, twenty Ave alone, to determine which retina is impressed.nies, so as to prevent trouble and mistakes. Thefollowinggentlemen,preposed trom theStandingCommittee, were elected in due form:—treated a temporary injunction to restrain taeAltafromusing theimproved methodor apoorchanceofescape, thelast named company alsoThey then adjourned to' reassemble ia sections.PROCEEDINGSOFSECTIONA,DEVOTEDTO1UTHEMA- day,the4thofJuly.IIwaaaperfectauecets.to*«*by them, which is claimed to bebrought up A. J. Williams, President of Denver City Town frS1 and^lv?a«KeMed',' ^ i \** ^ « TMTICS, PHYSICS AND CHEMISTRY.Oa the meettagef this section, the members proceeded toelectachairman for theday,when Professor Bachewas unanimously chosen.The first business in order being tbe reading of tbe pa-regards the number, variety aad importonwrf W* read, the discussions to which they gave rise. as* «»' number ofdistinguished persona present Aasaf te more interesting papers read were S r Itevtdtwate*' OB"Oattomniaatoos-;'D. Livtogstom.on Usrecsef'B**' varies In Central Africa;" D. Daaberry.ea the '•<****46. Noteonsourcesoferrorintheemploymentofpiuic " snath from Yiatlit. The Loptoa, and who are now under arrest lot assist in* Gor- acid to detect the presence of potash. By K. C. Lea.**flEqttc Telegraph Companyhasno*44 Oa cats chroeim, a new optical properlvto certain crystalline surfaces, with some remarks larisitton b y reflection from colored auriacea. B y Lea._ to do with secreting him or picric acid and metal'.ic bases. B r It. C. Lea. him to escape. Gordon was a native of Boston,and Los Aageles will • ^ t o i e t a w a ^ WauiassesayssJlhehstttoicwiih it was, Gordon was an old acquaintance of his aad sen! forhiss to take charge of hat papers and settle feus busi appraise the value of area matters, as he*buildingT st Sa- That h» had nothing ixpectod to he shot or anna,47. On a serin ef new combinations ef asspere aet apart for the day,Professor W. A. Kowrov proceeded to read a brief ab- Species by Natural Selection," and Mr. Brown, ot & yto claimants*Jfl«yacresof •tor anew Oathn^'IffrasB.i & * 1 * * « » • * » * to light Accstreet has been entered lnt->FrancMHo to complete the week? ilittry companies of this city purposestract ef a "Memoir en the Theoretical Detenninatims of tocity of Earthaaeke Shoeha ia ladia.- Butsyhr^'theDimecsiossof Donati'sComet."fatewasaa mostprominentandstrikingfeaturewaathepv*1"*1 *22llLla!rSl rknowntohequarrel- 49. Onthecombustionofwetfuel, for B.BUlimaa,Tr elaborate aad highly scientific dtoaowitton on the by Professor Draper, President of the •***association,forthe cordial reception which hehad given tf tip members of tbe American Scientific Association. /[raaarsad team MichiganTtest12. The great auroral display of August 28 and Septem-carelessness. Hadley has a wife and two childrenin^Caleaborough, Wayne county. Illinois. Bates Is asingle man, formerly from Chicago, mors recentlyfrom Rock Island. He has been using the anientvery freely for same time past, and many are inclined tothink he was verging on delirium at the time of the fataloccurrence. Hadley was buried this afternoon. Bates isunder arrest, and will probably have an examination.Man- express the belief that he designed killing Hadley. Western United States ooal basins. By C. H. Hitchcoclf. an effect on It similar to the action of the ordinary voltaicthe season tablets of the sandstone, showing tbe differ ence of winter and summer. By Joseph Barratt.m ~*~—Tt~~te'•'If "-WWII-blysomeawventjflvemiilsW>wtoopenttlaksotofCumberrCiontonethirdarepayingover-te being brought in mare frsMif.- B«M«lf Mapro^a* 1 «*««•* rTnaMaTii 'ad'arortsdj to^al^w^^'' *»l n cThe fourteenth annual session of the America* fceiesAlaaAssocation was opened * " - < ^ £ « « ^ l 11'i plaaadtlisaSJannll me©toei'-svi m o'clock, ofi > ••18. Discovery of a pre-adamie man homo tridactylus of ply illuminated paths, being a flow of electricity. Tnlsthe eocene, with proof of his Intelligence, implements. &e. By Joseph Barratt.had been abundantly proved b y a number o f interesting facto. During this display there were evidences supplied by tbe telegraphic wires which show that the aurorahad19. Synchronism of coal beds in the Rhode Island and86. On atmospherical elect. By Joseph Henry.San Francisco have raised a great storm against the their kingdom for a horse, or even a passage dowm iusome wagon, all bound to be tn at the fight Soon wagons 37. On the origin and stratigcajdiical relations of the As associate members:—Jas. D. Smith, Rev. Dr. A . H- improvement in barometrical science, and a sub,*ct «eirwest. ByJ.Whitney.40 On the paradoxes of toe atomic theory of chemi?liver his lecture oa " Atmospheric OeetrteUy," at Aqnld' satemt off s c i e n c e .re, who at first doubted as much as 000. It ia charged that the Judge referred to is Interested to toe rains daring the night their funs had try, with a proposition of a new hypothesis. By Clinton neck Hall, at eight o'clock this (Thursday) evening, and TBI NORTH ATLANTIC TELIGKAFH—THE OEOGSAff?toNebraskaforassaetimepraftouatohis 43.CmUieproductionofetoylamhiebyreactionofthet 0He bias alwaya enjoyed the repuutiou ot oxy-ethers. By M C. Ice.Hal IOT tne las60. D«*v-rlptlon of a new species ef frflobltes or the ge* phvi.cal constitution of planets to general, aad par- faculty of the Uaiveraitf ef New Tdrtnus con. oepbalites, from the Potsdam sandstone Br E. ef theW'tlieaw said,when he first BBradleyrwtAr^hjtBllllntB. "T"'""' T * ticularly ef the dynamical condition of the head left America at tbe special MVHV i**t him at tbf fort, his first questions were, "Wh« have I kuied, how and where;! knew nothing of it at all." He IsThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 1306961. on certain phenomena of the Great B'amU 3 wamrIn the year 1843,he had taken upassociation, aad, as their tovited guest, hatevery courtesy ehowa him.Untitled Documentin Virginia aad North Carolina,B y Nathan B. Webstar.t*a taw ajBaaatea of «*» f*1»y f d .;he imitotive facultyto relation V© the acterisi aucieai and molem easapmg froat the nuAas, but bavato M ( ^ ^ ?U>a with u tfeso sTWumeof saaa% has w;tUtnT2L fromwblchHlSim: ' - * " - An interesting dlacuasion took place oa th^ aubiawcommenced by Dr. D. A. Gould, aad participated is b r i ! veralotaee gentlemen, but the argumeataon aothatato ware so abatrose aad lengthy that they cannot ba mZn *9Js>w.Harrison, onoegiastngMsptser1_ Z^EISSW* ^ ^ P*'^*** •*• subject he was niseito treatbad beea stare perfectly dealtwith by other 0 8 o longoccuptolecticn to a little ice trT^JS tnsa? thedret aetUeaasnt of this country, - snd lakes,upisssu3denif&&mm\to^J%^£E "•••to jreatsvoffancifultheories. •^gentjeman,WhohadstudieltotsnwaiKrWsasffiai52 On tbe cthiaajpiiccial vaiicaajse of theaaassTvsa nsthing bsj aUm.^%%ltmmust«| terminedthatthetwosootitasaboaldassetisor Bostsfoan took an objection i s tl i0rv i:rather oentended that sotsr beat produces -tbe e"*etincingmuchresearchintothemeantofthsfor of tee in mines aad wtberscbtnraaiaot ataea. ^ n ^ ^ i u ^ c , ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ frecaes tne waterJound to these localities, anewyremained untlf AprilandJuly, utdftedi:a MtM *rf£lis»Ct)|iftdda ormediswinterinthsaa^antoaSubaa-assaatosjuntilfiaysUSr *^B^* «"* ,t h e ^ ^ ^ a a s l m W t o l rn^mersHssastos ther anasuaaje ddtob Mr Parish had toritod theof thej^5is|ton aj|^hfi»» todies to yiajt him. sEl JBtaSJBM "few****? during the whole yearstandardofSt.HelenaaadTorontoThepratesssjwaarational to suppose that he was originally endowed with7. on the relations of salts of zinc and alumint to soda a language by bis Creator. This is, indeed, implied in The sesaioa of 6ectton B closed with the reading of tyHorsford. ~J |the Mosaic account of tbe creation, where Adam is repre-following papers, by the gentlemen whose nam»i tr attached:—Upon a Diatomaceous Earth frost Kett.agham. f»trt county, Md. By C. Jeteaasa, of Baltimore.Jottings on the Geology of the eastern part of fc*.i-« Ac. By W. B. Rogers..On the recent discovery, by Mr. Norman EastoM Fossils in the conglomerate of Taunton river. B j W lcivilized themselves; for all the civilization of the world came Irom western Asia. As man was originally in a civilized state, it is natural to suppose that be had a spoken language.Mr. ELIAS LOOMISthen read a paper on the great auroraldisplay of August 28 and September 2,1859. He pro Bogera.wasseenbutafewdegreesabovetbenorthernhorizon: further to tbe north it rose higher, and in certain sta- tions it just attained the tenith. In places still further north, the entire visible heavens froa north to south were overspread with auroral light This illumination consisted of luminous beams or columns, the beams be ing nearly vertical and about 600 miles in length and four or five miles in diameter. These beams were sim-PROCEEDINGS. NEWPORT, August 2, 1860.SECONDThe convention assembled at ten o'clock this morning.DA Y'StV/ www.fultonhistory.com 