 THE NE WHOLE NO. 8538.YOREn HERATuD. ,«HFROM WASHItfGTO S. J'lJUT- -af^"^"*"^**rsaia: aad accordingly i_a candidate epos whoa to stick to tbe fiaal I ecsa or defeat1 a m a s s u r e d t o d s y t h a t i t w o u l d b e d i f l t e n B , t b o u g b not,perhaps,impossible,tobringthasixteenhalfand half republican Americans, or American republicans, afCreek, aad at the hone yarn, sod of Forbes at 8p< lag viiie, are tha natural results of these vile doctrinesk. That they teach the doctrine that it to rightand goilv that Mormons should rob Geatites whenever tbey ean do t o w i t h f a c i l i t y a n d e s c a p e p u b l i c e x o o s u r e . T h e M o s e a : a MeadowmasseereisamelancholyproofofthisfactAFFAIRSa TBESTATECAPITAL OCBsrac:ALALBANYMHFATCH.to K*«? York through thafolfowatg south Kde of Tareaty third street, m•late 9»r *!»••-«•w,ssaur »aswassMr. Statf k u beta I t U Seaate Brown Raid a -v»ng*tag Cottaittet to «*y.amr-ia wnaos's LXRBB TO IS. sows.H. •exAedfeat Senator Wifcaa wretea totter to Dr.•**<• a 1st? t* last, aatfeg feat he learned from Mr.r w t x t thai Drown was about to make a raid Into torn* ofMMSoothers SUtee for the purpose of liberating alsva,and that no would aao mosey fursahed him byparttottnMamiiliWrilMforh_skaasssworktoai1himinbisproject and that m hi* fwTltBnVb) opinion It « • marepublicans of the Otuo LagMatara baa Maad similar here—a masher of the Mormon church, havtos received year endowments sad tasen upon yourself the oatts and instructions; aad from all quarters of tha North aad ebllr»fionaof tha ahurcb—I nave to say to you that 1 wRl at any reasonable time sad place af ycor own Mtoetfoa meet you fane te foes before tbe people and Federal aatiio- rities here, ready, but sorrowfully, to antaunuaa everytoot that toe entire committee, with the exception of Varan aad Omklfog, of New Yark, seam to be under the control ef 0 a Chaten League.Mr. Thompson concluded h u speech, during which he read a number of axtrasta from the Boston aad Western papers, sbostag tha efforts that as* being aada by thaareJamaSSiuyter,JamesM.McCtoraasdWilliamS. iaNaVAKT TO ISUUBSL 0* hCODOMS.ia the Senate, Mr. Spinoa gave notice of s bill, which provides that leasees aad OCSL}auto of lease b a U d a p whidi shall, without any fault oa tae part of task asanas or occupants, bo destroyed, or he sotojafod as to he un- tenattatle.sbsn not be liable fir payment of rent Batesnaked htm for w r t m a Kmuaa, if tbey wore to aaappiiedathemmuiortnd.catedbyForbes.Bealf testiaee thai Howe sent a copy of Wilson ate Brown, mmrnmng too laUor that the arms andInar News from California, Oregon, Haihingaa, BsttlaaCuturnbiaaaaaaa s a n d w t c k I s l a n d s , die,, eto.them.if not a legitimate smatseai stlis in Rochester and other locales in tha Western part of tha Stale were builtworksofthebuilding. Hittestimonywasmainlycor robcrar've of that previously given.A?farasfeewriterknows,afterfifteenyears'residence tn the Province none of tbe colored race are found en- gaged to toy mechanical pursuit There may be some; if so, vsry few. Aa avoidance of labor, either menu: or physical, to t strong attribute of their character As al- luded a before, fee colored people in Halifax have two churches, conducted by colored ministers To s wh-te aaa, the service, aad particularly the preaching, seems like t proflaatiaa, or turning rahgtoa a t e ridi- cule, the language o' fee preacher to at overstrained or mock heroic It to rather a favorite plant of resort by thoughtless people to attend fee colored meeting for an hours amusement. Incredible as it n a y teem, until a few years ago fee colored rase had s privi- lege of voting at elections feat many white aaa had sot. At feat period fee franchise was iiBtiltUs te freehold property. The negro, wife bit shanty aad asete af ground, which he was too tosy a cultivate, was a s "adspendeat elector," whiie the IDrfimrwusand intelligent storekeeper, who possibly gave alas to said negro, bad no ttjek privi- lege This to on ty mentioned to prove feat every flavor has been shown fee negro in the ftriafe pravtoott.The condition of the negroes in Novs Scotia it degraded. They are t nuisance to the community. In summer H to too not tor thea to work, sod in water too cold. Strong, tory fellows can be seen basking tn fee warn sun about the fish market daring fee summer, sad leading a wretched lite in waiter, begging from fee humane, but yet if work tooflered, refusing it.An inetdent came under fee Knowledge of the writer wbtle rcstdtug in Halifax, proving tbe superior condition of tbe southern to that of fee free negro is the North.A colored woman residing in Halifax interested many kind ncarted ladies, who employed her for house cleaning, 4c , to collect a sum of money te purchase fee freedom of her daughter, who was t slave. Tbe required amoust was collected, and the daughter came to Halifax. Some lime after, inquiring of one of the altos who had shown great zeal te collecting the aoasy, regardi g the dasgbter who had been freed, tha writer was rather surprised to learn that the young colored damsel, after expressing her great dagustat the low, Igno- rant condition of the colored people in Halifax, compared to what she had been accustomed to In the South, returned to ber master and to slavery. Thia to a fact fee writer eaa vouch for. It may be said, that although freedom may not agiet with tbe negro m the North, yet in a geaial cli- mate, where nature intended to endow him wife the bless- ings oi ci\ ilizaliuti aud freedom, the negro would there bars a cbMiCe to aeveK>pe his peculiar faculties—there he would be inilin-li i J; s and happy. L itiu*o who think so, look at the British West Indies—the island of Jamaica, lor in- stance. Toere the negro enjoys the blessings of freedom- is in e very r < rpect on an equal footing wife the white iWhat do we aee there r—the negro peaceful aad happy, tilling the ground and enjoying the fruit of bis labors!'—bia children sent to school, and they Improving on the condi- tion of their fathers, a cultivated country, prosperous towns, commerce fiourisAing*—some approach to the con- dition of the white mac under favorable auspices* Alas! No. The exact rereise of all this to to be trim rats if Neglected plantations, decay seen everywhere, aad the free negro tuixed into a living reproach—using what civili- sation be possesses to make barbarism more revolting: afiectiBg a religious feeling to which tbe disgusting Lfa lad Is s profanation, scratching the fertile soil just euougk only to satisfy the cravings of hunger; no provision (or to morrow. little heed for to day. Is the negro thus rendered nappy f—to his condition fens amelioratedIs he more civilized* Is be happier to this world, tad rendered more fit for a better—the free negro hi Nora S*cotto or Jamaica, than the negro stove in fee Southern State*/ Tha is a question that every abolitionist sbeuMf ask hie -rlf previous to taking measures for the liberation of the slaves. What is to he done wife them* Are they to be sent to Africa to murder and sell each other, as, in spite of tbe attempted interference of civilization. to prac- tised there? Are they to be made a tax oo the white man tor then support, without their own condition being im- proved, as to clearly shown to tbe esse in Nova Scotia and Jamaica? This te the first step towards fee freedom tho sbolitiontots seek for—to provide for the future improve- ment of the n<*gro race. Let them take a few negroes first for a trial, before proceeding on such a large seals as ttiey atfemptIf this party is really sincere in their views, the writer would earnestly ask their aid for the negro race io Nova Scotia and Jsmai.-a. If slavery to an evil—the slavery of the Southern States to alluded to—so atoo is tbe freedom enjoyec, or rather perverted, by the negroes te Nova Scotia and Jamaica aworteevfl; because the negro be- comes more degraded. useless to himself and a burfeea to tbe white man. It teems obvious this evil of slavery must exist—that such was intended. The colored man cannot be his own roaster—he has not intellect enough to provide for himself—he cannot live and prosper alone — a superior mind must direct him. Again, is tbe condition of fee negro slave in the Southern SUtes as degraded, or to be compared to ILe numbers of poor white men Whose lives are spent working in mines, seldom seeing fee light of the sun ia heaven*—or tbe thousands who labor to factories or work at utttgerous einpk>yment8,.wbfcre sotuetimee they meet with fc. idi Dand au-ful deaths, and this too for a mars pittance, enough only to keep the 'wolf from fee door"—• virtually slaves f) poverty, having no choice, because tha mc/i-Miy of providing for each day drives them to work, their wa;;s not being sufficient to provide tor fee future.I d the r uortbv j>eople—tbe abolitwnisa—whose cha- nty is so overilowing that they cannot aid suffering sUent- iy, first endeavor to improve fee worse than slave con- dition of the operatives of their own race in Europe; ttiea iaiuee industry and civilization into tbe colored people in Jamaica and Nova Scotia After sucsessfol efforts at this, possibly the next greatest grievance of tha human rasa they Blight a'levlate would be tbe condition of negro eiavrs in tho Southern Sates But to commence wife tha latter is certan-rv not rendering aid where most help to wanted HALIFAXNKW YOSX. Jan. 14.1890.CONDITION AND FEELING OF SOUTHERH MECHANICS.TO THE Enron or THE MBBALB. Wassixaioa, Jan. 19,1190.It appears from what I read a few days ago to tome afthe New York papers that the abolitionists would like thoimprest ion to go forth to the country that tha fltullai ilslaveholders look upon fee mechanic, the laborer aad thanon slaveholder wife contempt, and regard t h e a t s sotfit to a-scciate wife.truth in it. I am :raised in the South,South if he conducts 1ly respected, and recervat aa large a share of waraBrown was a Qoaasr when he flrat wont to Kansas, wsa teeorrect; but ha was a non reatotant.no saw BBK>ua» nsrmucLura aonjcixm).Bealf will not implicate any members of the republicanThe people of Racerville are taking steps to build arailroad from that town to Folsom, to connect there with League have tbe pledges of a large majority or tbe mem-6 10areaased.mt: oDforuiis ASD mcrt AWXICAM WO:I'T nrrrr.Another eflbrt has beer made to day to unite the denio-tr it* and South Americans, bat to no purpoeVaan-iutast toouae ABonro torn asoraax caswiurt FO« not staaasasmr, nrr ran BOSS.Since Mr. Sherman announced on the floor of the Housedollars.The latest accounts from Carson Viliey represent Uierwuatons through S. M. Van Snntvoord:—6. W. ugswoid Quackenbusk ft CoPlane A YoungGeo- L Williams 3krated epoa Sherman.Oar WasaJagtoa Correspoadeace. Wasarsarax, Jan. 19, lSfiO.rityoti of the Siemt Curtout abuses sad Ditdmurm itt theU<*~*—lhe Jurif Quoth* and (he People's Party ofIt seemed to be tbe general opinion of those who hadmade explorations, that a general chain of gald and silvermines existed on the eastern slope of the S'crra Nevada ment of Mary Hnrtoag, BOW under sentence of death, tor tie* «f a C .rvatire Speaker and the DisxAutim of the MtptMiemm Party, 4cTbe sMfe of the repobheans for the plurality role himountains, from the Honey Lake region down to the Colorados.marked witk many of the sorties, reputoes sad disasterstween Carter, (republican) of New York, and McRae, of ataanatppi; between Cox, (democrat) of Onto, and ntUMiat4m,<aoaaoernl) of Georgia; between Montgomery, (independent democrat) of Pennsylvania, and his col- leag'ies of tbe people's party, Moreboad aad Corode, .there were some constitutional passages at arms, sad aottM bluffing and bragging, and crosa-eiaminstWwis andry reatotance to tbe election of a republican Speaker, and, secondly, to behalf of a reunion of the democratic party, North and South, upon a Union agricultural platform. In opposition to the anti slavery and nigh tariff platform of the manufacturing Interests of tbe North.After the speech of Mr. Noell tbe House was favo ;ed with s personal explanation from Master Pryor, levelled st tbe head of the editor of tha NEW YORK HBRALO. AtIndians. XOregon dates are to tbe 14th of December.The OrtQoaian publishes late news from the new 5imlkamen gold mines-', which continued to be of an encourag- ing character.ihe Revised Statutes an which toe recent decisions of tbe Couxtot Appeals against tenant? in anti rant cases wereBy Mr. J. M. Sana (rep.)—To appropriate eight hun- dred dollars for a church odiCcc on the Indian reserva- tion of Cattaraugus county.TSE DSSTKUCTK)* or TBX quaRaxTcvB BcannfGs.The bill to provide for the assessment and payment of tha damagCB occasioned by the Quarantine incendiariesbrier down tbe House. Carter saved himself from a (lawication wttb lbs regular "higher law" abolitionists by UK.ng nhelter onder State sovereignty and State risiits. and McRae gained his point In divert ng his alver sary to this issue from the inconveuifnt queslioo whetber tbe iVmornusthis asoiou Intended to assist v resist the a-in) at ion of Kansas.The scene between Montgomery on the one side aod histwo republican coUeagoes on tbe other was comparativelya low farce after a Orst class comedy, aad as the wUoina/Ii r rested upon tbe a'legalioa that, after having beeneiseted by republican votes, Montgomery bad betrayeJthe anderstafidiog with the repubUcsn party, we m»y1st tbeafiair pass with a brief notice of the point mi icapea the tariff. Put to the question wby he had voted forCibaer, «f N. C . for Speaker, the largest ajavaholder inthe House, Mr. Morebead, half and naif American, audrfpocMcan,staled that be had vote! for him becx-isb afrminerai wealth of that State —1. Mariposa ranch, belonging to J. C Fremont, contain- ing t : ,450 acres, the richest in tbe State in its quarto veins, and also having considerable extent of surface diggings.2. R|o EBtADislas ranch, owned by Francisco Rico and Jose Antonio Castro, containing 49,100 acres, and rich in mines.3. Ranch of H. B Thompson, containing 35,532 acres. 4. Folsom ranch, containing 35,509 acres.&. Reach of Hiram Grimes, containing 10,975 acres,covering several exceedingly rich mines.6. Ranch of Saml. N'orris. containing 44,384 acres, notyet rendered profitable to tbe minors7. Ranch of C Sheldon, containing 22,197 acres.H. Ranch of J. B. R. Cooper, containio? 60,006 acres.9. Juntoon s ranch, containiug 22,197 acres, neb tnmineralssareo, as Harney county. This to the disputed Territory claimed both by the Unite i SUtes and England.The storm in Puget Sound and the Straits, on the 4th of December, was one of the most severe ever known. Large stock? of logs fenced in by booms at various saw mills along the Sound and the connecting inlets, werecer. A bureau in tha Finance Department for the collec- tion of revenue to created, the chief officer of which is to be called "Collector of tho City Revenue." Also, a bu rcau tor collection of taxes, the chief officer of which is to bo "Receiver of Taxes;" a bureau for the collection of aseessmena, With its chief officer called "Collector of Anchair, and at his request the Rev. Dr Prime opened the exercises by prayer.Tbe aunual and treasurer*" reporta were then read !»y Dr. J. M. Hlras., The former shows, amongst other things, that the institution, although not quite up to the expecta- tion of its managers, is, neve.rthe'ess, in a fair way oi being established on a safe ami firm ba«^ That tbe number of paying patients has gresHajncreascd, aad as a consequence the recipient* of its many benefits have in-» • F e w y I a v e s t i s ; a -avenue A across How through Essex, Division,r y t o a w r s e c t i o n o f P e a s r i l a a a a d a WD o T v W e r : ; t W h T r o W u B g U h D u o » v i e " r , , Sooth,PultonandPearlstreea;afoofroaaintersectionof Broadway ana Park raw; thrssgn Park row, CMy Hall •qrare.Chatkam street, Bast Broadway, Clinton, serosaoiBUmitt otoy the A p p e a r6. Tha' tkay teaeb tbe doctrine and practice it, of eaa trattog a a a , aad have declared from their pulpit, with Peansylvsnia to fltesr upon the tariff question. H a public acquiesces-e. that tbe da* was near when theirAnus?, Jsa. 21, IS •>Tha Pre Rata aoeatioa was agaia argued before tha Houston to aveneeB,aad Jughteentn street to aveaae A;which bad been furntohed btoa for fee protection of the House who are ready even for a revolutionary dissolu settlors of Kansas, would be wtthdraaa in oasmmmamjs tion o: this Congress In preference to the election of Sher- man, provided that, in thM movement, tbey can com- of the revelation* made by rorbes through WiMon; thai mand tbe oo operation of the democratic delegations ofBrown became enraged sad abandoned bia plan fora three or four ofthe principal cotton States.whiie, bat sosns ttm* au&sequently purtsed same pro- Upon tsusjoint, however, these extremists will not be aavery BMS) into Mtoaou/i and carried back with him sustained. The bulk of the democrats of tha House and ofnoon of tbe 30th nit, reached this point this afternoon.The California news to quite interesting.Politicians had begun to gather at Sacramento in large from the Wat. Certainly it could not be just for tbemH. D. Uemeol testioed about the foundation of tha Bull, Thomas Dolliver testified;—I have examined the found*ties of the mm since toe falling of the building; sawnothing to give mo reasoa to doubt tha thoroughness oftee work; saw sever,-. 1 bad pillars; found tha one exhibitednorth of the centre, 1 broke a good many aad found blowboles; aaw none that could have bean detected by theiroutside appearance; found them nearly al! broken; when tbe pillars ^vere brought here from Boston I helped te carry them te; think we broke one: don't know whether it was defective; after that I cautioned tha men to be care- ful m handling them. Lot b o u s e they were poor pillars, however; a*, tbe ruios we found many pillars that we broke of unequal thickness.Adjourned to Monday moruiug at nine o'clock.AIS TO THE LAWRENCE SUFFBSESS.Mr. John H. Watson, 106 Broadway, acknowledges the receipt of the following donations this day, January 21,1W0, for tho relief of the rofiferers at Lawrence,tl stoves.wnaoa n t i n t u scrota IHS connrrm as m m i T .8»Ea*cr Witoos waa aotiflod to-day bythe Senate are loosing to the Charleston Convention, are hopeful of a platform sad tieket rrom that Convention that eaa be elected, and are in for a share of ska aaw di- vision of tbe spoils in lsdl. I Had, too, that while tbe non organisation of tha House to operating, and will operate, a favor of tha democracy, tn putting off tbe agitation of sock questions as tbe admission of Kaasas,quantities preparatory to the meeting of tbe legislature on the 2d of January.Governor WeRer's last annual message would probably be delivered oa the 3d of January, sad Mr. Latham, the Governor elect, would sot be foauguratod until tha 8th or 9th.Tha approaching Senatorial election was the engrossing topic of conversation. Governor "Waller and General Den- ver ware undoubtedly the leading candidates. Thato ask for legtolatisa to compel discrimination In the com- merce ot tha country to their favor. Every other inte- rest could apply with tu much justice as the rni'Hcg. There was a Clinton League organised aa a sscret body of a e a , who combined together before election aad pro pounded questions to candidates for tbe Legislature, which here on its face the implication that their refusal to answer in the affirmative would secure the antagonism of this secret league. He did sot know tbe extent of theteat Realf had alluded to him in hisfled W.Moa he could bo present on Monday and road the otnlested elections, investigating committees, the tariff,ty of Baab? concerning his (WiMona) correspos- Howe, sad make each explanation as be I Mnrn that Wilson will appear and stoto whataad such things, tha party are toeing time in the practical work of reorganization, to view of the reunion of their scattered forces at Charleston.This is tbe meaning of tbe late resolutions of the Ken- tucky LrgMlatare, to fa for of an Immediate organisation of tbe House, while the Tennessee democratic resolutions,friends of Senator G win favor Governor Waller, aa be, league, or how many votes they could control, but it wasbeing a Northern maa, can, after bia election, more pro- entering upon a dangerous ground, and if they controlledha knows about tbe matter. —recriminations of Inndemy, htcaaatotonay sad dirt eating this juncture the republican benches were nearly that vere highly entertaining to tbe galleries, aad elicited empty; but st tbe mention of the HXJUID they iron them I request rounds of applause. The high fligbto began to drop ia, and a dead silence pre-vailed on tbe floor and tn tbe galleries, or tbe nearest of Burton as Toodlea, in htt terrible annunciations of, thing to a dead silence that we nave bad for many daysThompson aad bis door plate, were eclipsed by the mag- in this body. Something unprecedented in the way of aThe Portland Advertiser mentions the arrival at thaiplace of an express agent who reported that parties had was repotted favorably.aifierat charges of McBae upon Carter; the glorious saus- factK>n of Macduff in SMettng with tbe bloody Macbeth, was eclipsed by the exnKed pleasure of Carter in bispersonal explanation was anticipated; but it was tbe old story of tbe mountain delivered of a mouse'; tbe old story of personal abuse, of the merits of which there can be but one opinion. Tbe editor of tbe Hauxn will lose Lothing, the indignant Virginian will gain nothing, from' Mr. jK.vxutqe (rep.) reported a bill to continue the act creating the commission ou tbe claims of the soldiers of law.Mr. Eiuswoata (rap.) moved for a report from the Butlalo savings banks of all moneys, if any, deposited there by any parties connected with the United States District Court for the Northern district, and whether in- terest was paid thereon. •Adjourned till Monday evening at seven o'clock.Bill* Before the Legislature. TUB s a w roRK CHAKRR.Mr. Cooper's bill, to the Assembly, to amend the New York charter, makes important changes in the present government from Olympia to Vancouver, but it would structure or the city government. It creates a Depart" ment of Finance, to control all fiscal concerns of tbe Cor.probably fail in the Council.alt with McBae upon the constitutional status of slavery. ' tha exhibition, the treatment of which, it to generally be-Tiio Lttle psathman from Mississippiflourabed the keen blaJe oi aaMddm: the venerable and stately-loosing gen- Uemaa from New York wielded his broa late with tbelieved, will be a treat which Mr. Bennett will hardly de- cline.News from Washington Territory is to the 23d of De comber »COBKESPON'DENCE OF OTHER JOURNALS. emphara of a Crusader. Tbe House boiled and fumed, | [Washington (Jan. 13) correspondence of tbe Missouri Re-and lumenled aad roared around them; but above the publican ]dto and clamor of mingled voices of ex- ?mce tbe Supreme Court decided that the holders ofcited partisans on both skies, and above tbe" valid land grants to California were tbe absolute owners rojutcasg outlurste of tbe excited galleries, these l of tbe mines of precious metals to be found on them, aA bill had passed the Assembly to remove the seat oftwo iptendjd polemical gladiators coutiuuud for an most interesting statement has been prepared in the Gene hour, a'maet witbio striking dtot»uoe of each other, to ral Land Office, which gives some faint idea of the greatA bill had been presented in the Legislature to organize poration and inspect and revise all accounts of other dethe islands between Caval de Haro and the Strait of Ras- pertinents. The Comptroller of the city to the chief ol!i of this noble charity. Dr J W. KrancLj occupied theoppeaitioa majority af the Famaylrsna LegisM- valleys would resound w in tbe voice of esnnehaI am sresaiod hare aad sow with proofs to soata'n tara has rpokaa to tbeas sixtoea maa la Ooa thesecharges,nnpremeoiafodlytokenfromnumborleaesfoat committee it tha Aaaably this afternoon, aad the sal streea. through Canal to Broadway. TV oorporatorsthe other hand, the Sonthern democratic members, their State Legabonna sad t^ir constituents, are inLiwaawta, Mass., Jan. « , 1H|M^ py, reaardteg these people, to quite unmerited, Atthe^liquet:to-day,CkptBigelow, theengineer,•!» beendonh,aadprobablytonowiin Bru.n to attempt sod) a thing, aad that he (Howe)mostwithdrawaOmean*foralsdadorIntendedtobefor theirturn admousbedto stead tkatr ground. We are Arrival of USe Overland llavil—Intere«t-bably favor Senator Gwin's election in 1861 than oould a only five thousand votes along the line of each road, it PB. B. N'ewton.s member of the National Kansas Aid declaring first for Andrew Johnson, of said State, and se- Southern man. Governor Latham, a Northern maa, fa- waaa daagarous combinaAou.Csmmittea, referred to hi Amy's testimony, arrived ban assay, aad will be tbe next amass after Bona* and WlMuoou> ssowv not A CJCAKXS.Ike tateanat ia the HBBUID a tow days since, that Presidency on the part of tbe demooracy, was the Unionvors tbe election of General Denver, a Sonttem maa, iaorder to make it means ry that there should ha aNorthern successor to Senator 6win. The Legislates tha committee adjourned until Monday morning.MtosCGcff. CashBradley 4 Howe, EardtkCoCashL PCashCashKioseley,Stout AKeUogg C. CasgroveE. B. ft FMichael Gibcey Received through W. B.Xorthrsp, Esq.:— Groves,Xorthrup ft IK\lorA. P. RansomCornells Bros, ft Co Morgan Quacienbush ftCoBigelow ft Hoagland... Lawrence, <>riggs ftKingsburyCash 1...Cash Cashcondly tor Mr. DoogtoA, for the Presidency, contribute their embarrassments to the extreme Southern wing of the camp.But the most significant thing to behalf of a conserva-tive course in Congress, aad a conservative pjhey for tbe stands politically, aa follows;—Democrats, 93; anti-fj;-25 Muirhcad ft Clark Wells ft ChristieConkiin ft CoArgsito ft CoA. AH .Brown A Co.. .W. H. Livingston ft Co. 10 Mend, Stow ell ft Co . . . 10thapel .Eacker hDowley Horace N. SeaverN. A KnappHubbard ftGiliett.speech to-day of Mr. Noell. of Missouri.Mr. Noell read his speech fromjthe manuscript standing,as usual with a member on tbe floor, behind a able, in tbe stole nearest his sent, and in a line with it. It was difficult a bear Mr. Noell, for, tbougb he has a good or- gan, aad read In a loud tone, his face being turned down-comptoDi'PS, 8; republicans, 8, and 1 old line whig.The arguments total far are strongly against the justice of that kind of legistatlon. All arguments upon the ques- tion are useless as far as the action of the House to con- cerned. I have it flam a reliable source that the Clinton10 10 10partj in New sTagmad, although there are parsons who ward to his paper, bis voice was lost in the reporters' gal-belong to other organialioas who may be slightly com- lery. <)ne would also be led to suppose so, from the fact 21st, destroyed property valued at over twenty thousandthat nearly ail the members on both sides are occupiedwith tbe reading of the report of yesterday's proceedingsin the Cbajreanonolfffafca;butstill tha speech of Mr. Noellon the question of secsatios, to the most significant of thisCongress. He has been pleading t gainst the doctrine of districts on the western side of tbe mountains. Misicg peaceable secession—that secession to revolution and operations were suspended.war—that it to the last extremity of an oppressed people,or the last extremity of danger; that tha South have not The stock in Honey Lake Valley was sarving u. large been reduced to this extremity; that slavery to not the numbers. Hay was worth $150 a ton. Tbe number of lane between tbe North sad lbs South, bat that It to poiitical power, and that upon this tons, tbe struggle being20 Kirltocd, North ft Piatt.cattle wintering in tbe valley east of the mountains to es is ascertained that any other man can concentrate mora between the manufacturing interests of the North sad the timated at twenty thousand. In ordinary winters stockCash Cash Cash20 David Martin3 1 1 350yesterday, that ho wooldfwithdraw his name whenever itagricultural interests of tbe South, tbe natural allies of fetes than he, the republican* have canvassed the field, tbe South are tbe agricultural States of tbe Great West and •id .tJ that there Mno man for whom the republicans tbe Pacific coast, and that even New York may be placedean vote who win command the strength now concen- on tbe same side.siufiBy Mr COOFBS (rep )—TO incorporate the Orange County Milk Associauos, with a capital of $100,000. The in- corporators are James M. Horton, Henry C. Hatocy, Jas. Kennedy, Adrain Holbcrl. Bjchard Decker, Smith P. Hor- ton and three others;By Mr. ROBIXSOX—To appropriate $100,000 to aid the People's College.This to strong democratic Union ground; and Mr. Noell further strengthened it by pleading that the republic tn party possesses no power a Congress to do any mischief, befog to a minority to both houses, and that John Brown and Helper will yet compel this sectional party to throw off its " o r * idea'' of abolitionism, and assume the peaceable bape of a national Union party before next November. Furthermore, Mr. NoellPennsylvania—Mr QHmer and the Sixteen Pennsylvania pretty broadly suggested that Missouri to not in a position > lart/eaddsurjcaa Fofes fvr Him Ou Keg to the Mkc* to secede, but to adhere to the Union to the very last ex- tremity. This to tbe decisive point against the Southern extremists; for Kentucky, Virginia. Maryland and Dela- ware, and even North Carolina and Tennessee, are not in a position to secede from the Union, or to recogmse tbe present posture, principles, movements sad power of the anti shivery republican party as affording sufficient that attended laastoga of Ssbastopol. Yesterday, be- causes for a secession movement on the part of the South. This Union speech from a Missouri democrat may there-Accident oa the New Haven Railroad. The New Haven train of cars which left this city yesterday afternoon met with a serious accideat whenwithin a few miles of New Haven.The accident occurred on account of the breaking of theaxle of the driving wheel, just after leaving Milford. The speed of tbe tram could not be arrested until the tender trucks were thrown from tho track an 1 brnkeu.The express baggage car was turned ups.de down and squarely acrosB the track. Although nice gentlemen were in the car at the time no one was injure t except Mr. Maddigan, express agent, slightly.The first passenger car was threwn down an embank- ment of twenty <£YO feet, but caught before reaching tbe bottom.Tbe second passenger car was pitched on one side di- rectly on a bridge over a small creek, and Lke the pre- vious one the truck was destroyed.Tbe third and fourth care remained on the track on Bjured.The engine ran about two hundred yards ahead of the baggage car before its velocity could be checked.There were 250 passengers In the train, some of whom were through Boston passengershy the Shore line road.The accident occurred at barfjpsst three o'clock P. M.Three trains going North and two South were detained upwards of Mix hours before the debrto of the train could be removed from the track. Tho train was running at the rate of thirty two mJee per ho*jr, and the escape of the passengers from serious injury is deemed a most mi- raculous occurrence.Tha Woman's State Hospital.The fifth anniversary of the Woman's Hospital Assoc*. tion was held yesterday noon, at $3 Madison avenue. Ttere was a full attendance of the members and friendsGikaer aad voted for tbe Crittenden Vontgumary K:n= n 10 Honcut ranch, containing 31,08» acres—very valua- British Columbia dates were to the 29th ult.ble. />,11 Ranch of i>. y Fernandez, containing 17,806 acres,much of it abounding in gold.12. Ranch of Pearson B. Reading, ot 26,683 acres—tberichest in gold of any ranch In the State, next to the Marl pcea ranch.There are atoo two very valuable quicksilver mines in California—private property—bat now* involved in law; the Abaaden mine being owned by a company of the same name, and valued at millions of dollars. These con- stitute only a small portion of the miaes of California, now to tbe hands of individual owners.shrank from tbe elertion of Oilmsr lest It ment took an appeal to tbe United States District Court, 1 oj> a powerfn? tariff party io tbe country, and obtained an injunction to stop tbe working of the | the nucleus of the Southern OT«* . • « party and tbe v i n e s . This suit to still pending, and tbe governmentate"h party of PennsylvaniaAnd yet, GiiBBeris the »aly chance f o r t h ' democrat*.• • * • • * _ ? * / ' • * • «•*** him, why ehould thoy not electkdaar ,Jas Ma Southe'n ultra man upon tbe uaaio queetiou,a ^esKhern democrat in "act, au I upon Ka^w Notbiagisaa• * • • • t o r t f afitber h« principles nor his j>arir •treegthatatebe rssspsrid for amoment with th* principleeofsBs ovevshsdowmg powwr of tbe black element of th« reSanassa party•. The elecBou of tJi'.mer as Speaker wni I snail be required, fco., to take from say person an oath, atosamoarminly result is the rccoustractton uf ta« rep«:b affirmation, affidavit or deposition,'' * c . To this notice £ ! ? . * ? ? i*?1 * conssrrative Uata, or a the separauon tbe oous<el received oo reply, but were Mtoatohed to ?.!?*. J T ' 2 1 ' Z - p * n > o f r*«">«T!vanja. aad its csalitiM ifoarn from Consul Bfack that be had been instructed nota* Sootaern op(K»uiou protective tariff party, in to take tbe depositions ai required. On inquiry, It has i toe «wrtaressible coaJUtrt' wouli b- rw since appeared that tbe Attorney General, on the 23d day .,-uriSewtrdsnd his -evotutwtnry a»hti>>u pr« of AprU, addressed a letter to Secretary Cass, saying that vaaM be superadded ' no officer of the United StaUs eaa, consistently with his ^ »« *ae oaly visible char<os fbr tie d^mo^racf duty, ate or have any lot or part in tbe proposed pro-i the republiosns as a caadtd«t.- n r *,>>*** r ay ce« dine, and requesting that tbey be inftructed "to ab ^ • ^ • * • * • • democrats can eh*', luo: ttJ i -t h « Sain altogether from any participatiqa therein '' These w*w«» ammdsatry shown tost no other man *g*i'i« ^t»-r etructietis were accordingly issued from tbe State Do- •asa eaa be brought wiihin r<-ach of an eiwuon l a b s pai onenl, and an act of Congress actually dispensed with by •toto_PhJktee:psdn Vtu<m mevtng spuech Mr. Siim r »»* the Executive—the rlrst instance of the kind in tbe history aaswn h s hand; ee a sound -Htor! toe sua u pj-e'too » u i of our government, though in England acts of Parliamenta>atasrqnaations shot<!j be mateKto r»e #.v t. ias aere dispensed with by Charles tbe Second. a*• ata>nte>l,ableantcapablemaafor11-v«.»abiB, sad because he was sound upon tbe question of pro- teetton to Amertoan industry, the Question upon which sne Cnien coaM be ssred and perpetuated without toe •Ughh-st dlflleuKy, if ai? men favorable to the enceur»ge sneat of American industry CJ-JIJ ov'y be brought v> fetber.Weans pereetve thattbesitteeu a.meric%a reftublicass af Pennsylvania including Thaddeas Stevens, a radical abobtienat, who have voted two or three times tor Mr. tiflmer for Speaker, could to all probability be brought book to htm, if the democrats oould only raise htm some anventi votes; for these, with the twenty three PonthAmenesas, the sixteen PonnsyIranians aad two or laresNoajh Asssrisans ready to coalesce, would be sufficient to•Met(Shaer Speaker,br a majority of the.Hwis?. BitMas Northern democrats are restrained from this m >«e- counsel for the owners ot tbe mines. Tbe record shows eaont from fear of tonr i^ertuau and Irah anti Kuuw that tbe Board of Land Commissioners under tbe Mexican IMtbn>| eonstttoests- and the free trade Sotitberu deawj treaty confirmed tbe claim, bat tbe officers of tbe govern-Tbe Victoria newspapers are filled with political discus, j sions, ef only focal interest.at its head, to famish all poblic offices with fuel, station cry,printing, aad all atoer tbfoia uecaseary; and a "Bu- reau of Markoto* ' with the Superintendent ofMarkets at its bead, to have eoaticdati 1 regulation of the public markets. The Comptroller hat sower to increase the number and compensation OtajUesaoers, clerks and employes in the several i ureaus, as he may deem necessary.The bill creasataar executive department, to be called 111 "In 11 Pi iiayfijanl " anilSl Ihii lead of the "Street Covimisstoncr. "tdjhess to to be in this department a bureau under the control of* "Superintendent of Wharves:" a "Bu- reau of Repairs," the thief officer of which shall be a Dras- tic*! builder, aad caltes the - 't*upei ialeudenlof Repairs.'' a "Bureau ot lamps and Gas, and bureaus under a "tiupe-ysetmea. No man dtspntr-s ihs. F;ie je.n-»-r«t*e» >ufl asm:toeyeaa a o..otherwayaniuponno<•ITCUKIJBfsrswons—J>tterJudge Cradle-ekarget af workmen, and those who have been long in tneemploy ment of fee gaverameut. depending «k»e « ' ' ^ Iaostenance, bare begun to look for ofe"1" *mrf^ ^ZmT fs i £ « I T * * *mx*m•* **ermaa. or the revjiuti t ,*rvO s u g b WA/saiMiTHjr, JanBourbon county, paaed through Covington, Ky., en rmU for (to- cinnati, on toe 14th ins*., with fourteen slaves, intending*Mr. Weal's bin taaaiend the New York Central Parkact provides that the Park "shall be under tha coalrol tbey may eke out a subsistence. The timber now am7,000liyno nj rod\** nroai9,000 10,900 18.00U r*,Q0O 86,000 9= .080haat*a*a,""**nor terminttion of the session 013. 1&C0. Ma. H Ho-.rR*, Tentorial Delegate from Utah —Ms— 1 St?e fiom lime to time the Nsw Yuan Rat ALII's comspuiieooe from Utah, in which denials are aaue of fbe fuarsts prefer:«d agaiust the people you represent,and management of a Board of Cemmnatostoaert, to con- sist vi sot kta than aaaon nor more than eleven persons, a ms.oirty of aboaakail be a ovaorusa,'-' hat no action of tbe Beard fct te be aaal anas only Cectided by the Preai- dent and Sfcretajy.aad concurred in by both branche- of •tajDaafasa Oouactlployed rasxot exceed lire bundreJ, wiereasit was form.rly between fifteen hundred and two thoosana.Theretolittle a made ready for useS i ' n * * * * ' foe. ant erea tt« Southern l^an- . • y »-e yyyjS*.^.**" ,b* eymptom* of exaamtma. t».-'•*me J f y . ? yimiisi so prosp.^ i ,,r tuee'^st ••! revtJi v».» iato emancipate them thorn.lU-VFracwaixo CoarAST is Vi»<u.m.—It has been un-der eonaidc ration lor sane time .to organize a manatactur- leg compauv in iiaavilte, V a , on tha "joint stock" princJ- pie, and lately tha subwet has been talked af more than ever .The United Mate,steaaahto rto*«*.^» l ^M saiTita sZl!* " " * * iherltnwx-rais aid ti>? r»(»^»>iicsoS aad falae susceathMia expressed as to the condition of^wmm -mr^mmataira in that Territory.!<ow, to the end tUt tbe eotwtrv stay know tha truthw»r*ctmgth«aematt«B,l lavs thought ii right and ue ^•asr? to address you tna comanaication. 1assert—1. rnattheMormonpeople are eub.rtct a atheocraticleTerrnuci, and rtcogn xc* no aw as btndtett waiohsots tiiat coincide with taetr pretended revelations asC•rotM-|et»d by their "Prophet, Ajer and Revelator," iate I•Shanu» Young.AsaansJlte isjctrine, of p , ^ ; BKtSKt" m—Kixjer A. £ Ihvy bat* ta'Hil.t. aad still teacn, treason agiinstaiorida i where *tw was built,) wU Key » s»t, arrtveu atcioVir oiTthenava'bwsiBl. Ins D £^«**££* beartothat taboris too high—tsi "'•<4 t n t araw wis eaa a* a toe case o' Sp*aljer Banksf l true, as can he proved bvfee*- approved bythrt Mayor. The IkT aiii take her engine ee board here or proceed to which have tiren STjccettfnl'y irwfe7wii#^!Tr "•"** •**« «P-»« the. p'-imJity^ o ! l l T i t a r , U l * 4 i ^ * 3 ' e toOa kat parhsmra^ry extr,i *** P'^ah.'j rate.lutapaco City to ooa- m memtt °Wtan«ft»s, iaa. », !Si».postsge stampsissue*! during thoquartoended3lstDe- cember, I860, $1,485,791. Amowst or stitopad envelopes, $287,804 49.FORT Sarin —We learn froa Fort Smith that Ota country is in u.xadla»t condition and the rirors nmrtesMe, so that goods are being constantly received by water up as high as that jvlnt.ahucosT s Miua, Mo —The citto'uu of this thriving vtlia^a are about to take measures to liave it taoorporntedrlek,batm» other fbrpcrsoaaJ caps termot* oskeart ifoaan, km. Aideto be axed byto current coini I*** C***** •»• IViiaaaaal the cW-* **« ft-av-w *aa*J avjr-ak-a^oas, rmim ^etck ¥ M V UL&ouri,aJZZl^T r* *Tirier tVfpeiler being attached to her with a view to in- crease her sp.cd -Sor/M BeraU. Jan. 19.***T* Atafa «. a« mmma. rf,,|W eovernjor.mmeut of ibr t'u.-tnd States| 3 That ibey practice twitgeay in a manner etaockiog a toe BN»a! »,ose ot the world,aad aggravate tha offence by tootst and n m r . nto not escocrawmfvin tbe esse of tbe New Almaden Quicksilver Miaes, a difficulty, as novel as It to serious, has arisen between the Kxecutive Department of tbe government here and tbevharges tbe title papers offered in evidence to be forgeries. IJe the 19th April tost, tbe counsel notified the Attorney r-eneral that tbey would take the deposition of witnessesexistence to ISio. It sbow3 tbe following-—Southern mechanic gate better paid fix his tobor, livesbefore the Secretarv oftLegatioa or tbe Fmted States Con- sul, in the city of Mexico, under tbe provisions of the twenty fourth section of tbe act of IStb August. 1S66, (11 b a t . , p. 61.) which Bays:—"Erery SecreUry of Legation and Consular officer to hereby authorized, whenever he•'""" 1869 15S•s.n cay, with a tilings of same, •-»**• l«*k-ra!!^,ir**"M*, MK,n»Sootoern deaxrats hi man MUNI (or the rtattston of sis," as deflaei by af th* names proposed.Javf date vyi." * * ^ > * «rm*- 4 That !T>v i.«. |, the doctrine of 'the -holding ofHk original entry in the service was TTtt March, ,at which time be received bis warrant a taAwakerHu fuaeral took pane ycatartmr B*kwa*», from tbe hes- m the hoapttai bu•mfryfte adoption of The desecrate, aa tbe »Aer hand, '^"teto r^cesaSy of efeste* ap their•ti-ir own ec« kaiasucii code, aad three hackings are ear-rted into practice Tfo; murders of Jones and his m ithera Poudtowe. of tbe iviaaes and Potter at *t>riejrv!tle, r>" tint nam* of th- canty vimll hereafter bo spelled with a it© A"ten p»/t> at CjucAen Creek, the tumi fort at «Vtto make thea ail P*y-ig|rt\ f,those c*f%£w*r'rtt*£*»«**•* rtill fba fk^orw* at saw Watts' toSUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 22, 1860.••"'— JLPRICE TWO CENTS. cornier.C O N D I T I O N O P T D B B L A C K B « f T H B B R I - TISHC0LOSI19 A.SDIHTHtlSOUniKRN STATES CONTHA»rKM.TO THE KDrTOS OF THS H«*atA.It fee vteaky a Ha^iiaa, Nova S s a a . +mr* are twoa*ttkmentr a? the descctast* or AMw -nv»ewars brought to tha wl<ay duriag tbe aae'icaa war bavttg beta carried off by Britiati war vtea«a rroa* tha United Rates. Oa their trrtvet, an «te«aaee of and waaaUotted to each fitmny.aad sunjiort for one year. ',AeeaaftaraMe auaabtr of teaat seeste remaasst a UM day; they ksva tajatl prfvilegea wife tha w a t t fajwhaMK— rkjkt of voting, tebool eadeaBanU, h e - e v e r y Usos itusual iaterat wsa maxfeeted. Every member of thagrea to bold flat to Sberaan. A caucus of the enormities; aad satapyag tha position whack yon do •oaaittee was sreseat. It to, however, a remarkable Nichols.Northwest fosters MM pouring la by thousands upon therepubhean members of both booses, urging their adhesionto Sherman and the plurality rule. They feel, too, that specmcatfoa herein coatateed the issue is only a question ofline, ZUNwttaaasadttg ska said SouthernI bave* a file of the Detent Nev», your -hurchorgan,i runu.Lg froaa lt60to 1M9, caatotoiag Mormon hwtorf of aaaagais of tha Canada route to take tho freight af the req-itr** that any daaagea ec Injury which pha'.l bo sua open to tnea at to others. In the oity af HaWax there tocurrent aTaire during that period; and shoe Id you acceptreactance, a really gtviag way toought to the vote, there will come up for the plurality I these-nobjeets before a discarnmg public, this file will beWest and Southwest ovar their route to Portland aad Bos. , and away float New York, m an of which a serioustamed ty any occupant or kteee or a building, by reasonof such building b.iiogof iM'-flhiect strength for ih<-. bad- a tchool specially establish. 1 for tkeea, aad aae or two ness for which rt may have teen Masai, or oa apcauat of chnrebes In candor, it most be acfciiowtedgad they are, improper cosaticetieij or alteration of such building, shall or were, fee favored p a n e f fee population. After atrialthis propoeitxa for calm,fob*comparaion of testimony on a sttfltofont number af anU Leeomptonitos aad South at your call for reference. Respectfully vto New York was predicted under tha cheap rates of be paid by tha owners at ktau*. Grand Irunk B » d . &s said that tha • » » ! graffingaf nearly «fty years to educate and dvtkae thea, what fa tkarttnltt Mr. 0»r*:na gives a true picture of their ooa- dktaa, a rtsarttegteMr.Ckratas'book,itnaykeJastty remarked feat hie attempted slight aa Britab phtlanfero-to pass it; that, In a word, tbe republicans are©fSbermas,aadexpeetwithinafartaighttoaddress as Mr. Speaker.''thus assured from several Bathlis members that they are far behind tbe people of the South upon this broad issueofadistinctunderstandingofpeacewithtbeNorth, upon the threaboM of tha Congrem, or a Southern mots meat for aa independent Sonthern confederacy. I have than reason to bebeve that there are Southern aaa to thisJCHNfCRADLEBAUG8.theLArtR FRwM TUB PACIFIC.THE LAWREHCE CALtYMITY.the Sacramento Valley road.A fire at Poker's Flat, a town in Sierra county, on thebers in favor of a Pro Rata i»w, thus clinching tbe whole thing beforehand. The bill will be rushed through tbe House in a hurry.BHEW Y O R K L E G I S L A T U R E .* e u a t e .AXBIXV, Jan. 21,1800.The Senttte to sot to season to day.A s s e m b l y .ALBAXT, Jan. 21,1800-6 10 35 5 6 KJgar, Farmer ft Co... 10snow as being from three to Ave feet deep in the inhabitedhave thrived well there. v The Indians were saflering terribly, and lately weredying from cold and starvation.The principal occupation of miners, in coneaqnence oftha severity of the weather, appeared to be speculating to mining claims, which were selling all the way from 98,000 to $60,000 each.fittsonrcsu.5o 5Iv Forest, Armstrong ftCoimprisonment for liftf in Sing Stug.Br Mr ROHLVSOX(rep.)—To amend the act allowing thecontinued use of copartnership names in certxin cases.By Mr. Btxo&in (lap.)—To amend the Revised Statutes by the Maltete Indians. A party of Humboldt people relative to the rights and duties of landlords. [This and ail similar bills introduced by the representatives fromfore be interpreted, first, as in opposition to a revolutions while on this duty attacked and killed fourteen of the be anti rent districts seek to repeal all those portions of.Two young men who recently went from Sacrament i to bunt in tho vicinity of Humboldt Bay, were murderedsubsequently went out to recover their remains, andarrived at the Dalles with twenty, five pounds of gold dust from some new mines on Caval river, which are believed to be as far north as the British possessions. The cost of board per day there was eight dollars. General Palmer. of Oregon, was In the region and had made a strike.Mr. C. II. Davidson writing from Tillamook county, Oregon, says that the TeUamook Indians are committing depredations on the property of the people in thai vicinity, having burned several bouses and barns.swept away and lost. The Seabeck mill lost one million sessmeuts;" a bureau for tbe collection of arrears of taxes, asaasEments and rents, under a chief olliInterest is the tasarn confess of the State hai bean super-s»sad by the western count.* cf this State and that of teeWestern Slates, and t ^ s wsol grow Jig ia the Ehsiernconn: eg was not procaVl;. Tbey con'4 nat competeWith the cheap toads of, toe West, yet th*y oertato.lywouM sot be jwstisV i in aakir.g for legislation to protect re-exam.ned to rcferetce to tha iron pRtara aad mortar in Nova Scotia, than to ever done for fee white emigrant.Tha importation of frain from the Western SUtesMiUOY's STATION, Jan. 21, I860The overland mail coach, with San Francisco dates to to grind tbe grain fkat was raited in that locality; bufthe which be considered Substantial.failure of the wheat crop, cnuer various causes, had compelled the owaers of these milto to import wheatWithout asy realf to tha argameata of,Mr. Thompson,$100 Cash 96 U Mead, Belcher ft Titos.. 10By Mr. SMMIKSZASD (rep.)—To commute the punish-feet of logs. The schooner Harney was blown on San cer called "Clerk of Arrears;" a bureau for the recep-Joan Island and stove. She was loaded with government tion and payment of moneys, with the "Chamberlain of creased twofold during the past year. This report alsotbe city of New York" at its head; a bureau called the stores for Captain Pickett's Company. Her cargo was da- "Auditing Bureau," wiih its chief officer the "Auditor of maged to tbe amount of $3,000. Nothing has since been Accounts." Tins human is to revisB, a.-- t and settle ail accounts, and all moneys drawn from the treasury are to be upon warrant of the Comptroller on the Chamberlain and opon vouchers examined and al- lowed by the Auditor. There a atoo to be a "Bureau of Suaylieay' with a Superintendent of Buppliosintimates that an appeal will fouu be mad- io the public, through tbe Governors of the Almshouse, for material aid towards the erection of a commodious and permanent building, the land, as to known, having been already do- nated by the city of New York, and comprising tho square bounded by Forty ninth and Fiftieth streets, Fourth and Lexington avenues.The Treasurers' (Mrs. Jacob I« Roy and Mrs. T. U. Do renins) resort shows that $8,640 id has been paid into the treasury from variant sources during 1B69. and that 98,568 67 has been paid out, inc'.uiing a balance due tatt year of $ 1 6 1 9 , which brings the lnstitutioa into debt for the year to the amMint of $1 *iS, besides a standing indebtedness of *'• ,2£>5 06.After the reading of the reports, Dr. Franca made a few appropriate remarks. He congratulated those present on the siaceaa of the undertaking, and alluded to tbe many benefits conferred on woman by this noble institution, tbe existence of which was an honor to our oaelropoiilan city. In the course of bis remarks Dr. Francis spoke io very flattering terms of the chirurgicnl skill of Dr. Sims, in con- nection wife his recent discovery.Mr. stoskaan, Mr Peter Cooper, P.-t\ Dr. Prime and oihertyftllowcd, when a benedition was given by tbe lie v. Mr. Milborn, aad tha meeting was adjourned.I heard of several sloops and schooners trading oa the Sound.Extensive preparations were making for lite approach" fog legislative election. ,Tbe mining districts were still frozen up, and miaor were at a stand still. 'A good deal of building was going on at Victoria, and a large immigration was expected in the spring.The British government had ordered tholr men away from the aland of San Juan, and abandoned tha disputed territory until the governments settle the title.ing bees beard from.COMMERCIAL INTKLI.WESffE.Et.\ FHAXCWO, Deo. 30—12 Uthere id more doing since the recent arrivals; but no-thing approaching to as active business. Considerableparcels of Rochelle and Cognac brandies have been takenDuring INs 6?$288 18 474 00 1.0170S 1,499 es 2,480 0296,719 263,035 437,8*4CO 11,84662 7,149 02present Oftami POCT»<;X 8*JL*I~ jt.vo Sr.otnfo fafviiorsB.—Amount of years. The Piare oontianel in office for three aadjfreasnrer may receive safeshallreceive over$500 cb year. Yacaucies during thefilled by the remaining Commis of term by tha Mayor and Iof ton eapteyes are , and to be paid oidyhted of labor regiwred tn paraota la whoaf it to efepjewmeht, •** thethe crtrptejer. Womanwork, sad ucottoB bkteisf to s t<rwu ujQR.IMTW; TUBV «wf, or t Cvrrnr —Tia Board of Sapcr vi.-crs o/ Cnsnt.titqtia oouaty, X. V , have ortlarel thisterminating a issteid of*v.8By speaking the whaler Onward at sea, Sandwich rintendrnt of Roads" and a -'Superintendent ot Street Im-provement*." The Chief Engineer is to have a bureau tinder this department, and to have charge of repairing fire engines and apparatus.Island news to received to the 10th of December. The whaling bark Vernon had been heard from.She had fallen to with whales, after the balance of the fleet bad left the Ochotsk sea, and had token 1,000 bbls. of oil. This completes the list of whalers for the season, alt hav-Besides the usual yearly report, the managers presentedInspector's Dcpar!mrat,:; there are to be bureaus of "da the result of their labors store tbe Institution went into Southern fri» ndshirr as if he was s slaveholder. Thaup by the leading dealers at former rates. Coal to on-settled , with a sale of 300 toss af Sidney, from second ail pnbhc sraperto' satd by tho Cosapuolkr at public auc-Naval Intelligence.TRX BaooKLnt NAVT Y-ABU.—The United Suit* steamSOITHEHK UAWfACnKUt r r o m t h e S a v a n n a h n V p a s S s s S a . ] *-•'--_tiaa to thehighest lilaVr, except granttoi lands ander hands, at a deltas of two dollars par too. Can- water where pre Mas)vc rights extol J*r» lease kereafter.dles and coflce are quiet: stock of tbe latter, given, except under existing covenant!, shall be for morefrigate Wabash, late flag ship of the Mediterranean squad-ran, to being stripped of rigging and masts taken sut pre only about one hundrod U«>os^ t a a a « SBBSB a a oparatary te going a ardkary. The United Bates sloop- have been manatectured into cloth a ah af fee •tooshalil of-war FaJaaath to under repairs, and whan completed •P- states—swen an tacigmacant sraatrtins at to be hard- wtilboienttoAspiDwail.s-he/e aha will be permanently fcworTEtnaaiofca;. < * ^ ^ « ^ * < £ « » • « *located to serve as a store ship for the Home squadron. laetured in tho tiavetiolates; B a t e s , t a t Mlatrnag atate- On her arrival there her maste will be taken out audhoused over, tbe roofing for which avrttuts has alpadybeen fitted, but taken down to be replaced wt*a the ar- N.(aralaa.bau4.lMtl « 5 * . * 3 » »JSu 29%1rives at ber port of destination. There lias been quite a South Carolina....M>9f IfJtt 17J990 19,000 1,000 vacuum in the yard oecaatoBtd by tins a'.moit daily dis-&2,«0 lbs Fifty tons Egtoattos pig iron sold at $22 per ton. In raw sugars there to nothing doing 3,000 barrels of crushed sold at l i e Provision{bail ten y«ars, and all ferry lraeet to bo rsvskabie oy the CcraptrotW tor nilaaai ngemeat or breach of ataman*. All persoss aco,ruiu,g auy ferry lease or grant are raquir- ed to purchase at a fair appraisal, the boats, buOdiugs and other property of tha former lessee or grantee, actuallyare dull and unchanged, with sales of aesa pork at $15 necessary for the purposes of such terry or giant. No- and beef at $13 50 per barrel. Four hundred carat of J. tice of all sales to to he given by the Comptroller in uv eH. and C. lard, by the J. W. Paine, sold at 18c.Domestic News ftents. EaiaciPATiost or SIAVS?.—Col. McGtonls, of/ daily papers' In the cdy, for thirty days prior to the dayI'mler the, executive department, known as the "I'itynitary Inspection and Street (leaning" and of "Becardsand Statistics, each under a chief officer. The Qty In-spector to te have charge of all matters a&attog the publie health. The Suiwrintendr tit of Sanitary lawpectiou dte-charget the duty of street cleaning and abatement of nui-sances, and tbe Oaten Aqueduct [tepartmrat to at Ailtimes to permit the use of the hydrants for cleaningi-.trcets, provided toe general supply of tbe water is not Total .515 endangered thereby. The Qty laspsctor to to appoint allInspectors and Seas?a of Weights tad Measures. Ailterries,docks, fieriandslkaaretobeleased, andof sale.«ti act-t esulicting with the above, are repeated. a a exxntax v-ans."*"•T ennessee.Total...*» *« *SS "J8 SISall rules aad .mtodemeaaor for any Commlaakaer to IM»directly or mdi- rectly tttertstea to asy work or ecatract ccanected ww»saw BMB . o r BViistat**-Mr. akraaaosd, of totuban, Bstoartiir,s< aaothar biU tntho taaewaSiy to aathtvtos the caatr.ctfoa a* a taUiwad,pirsriatof captttin-— ^ - ^ ^ _ - i to do»;»'»feSHSSt wT^Untitled DocumentPatitnU admitted.Board. fatal Knendit*.higher and dresses better than in this Union.t o yother portion of,MM. ** 1*7 T6 IMS 122And the Northern tboHUontet labors under a t^»*»asis- teke when he supposes feat such doctrines a are ©aontinea in the Helper book, and other toeesdaryjabtoataas,!.1 6 6•JLS,568 57 will maxe converts among fee non stovsnoteers. xjaey will not make a single proselyte. 1 assare yau, nmangn\•'17.79S 24 ttiwe who have been reared and educated to the faata. NEWSP APER ACCOUNTS.M•»aTo.reia••so.—nw.-b«y•»,• oahwematmdwr mm,K n j ' K under salf, aud * »f^«J*£*: the South to M good ts it to anywhere, teat taejSesaen G. King, Saiimaker is tne United SUtes Navy,d a d S d a t 19th lost, at the naval hospital in Brooklyn empioyaBeat. The 1Ha bad been oa trdaaaa duly on the coatt of Africa in fee•loopof war Dale, tad contracted duetts from which hesever recovered. He wsa widely known in Brooklyn, and Bion, been aurtwiwa „ gTsj; < leaves a huge circle of rehttives and frfeads to mourn hkn.it of four miUioas of boats of cotton raaBBw-Jtl year, i.'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069&., „,..Stun*"*www.fultonhistory.com 