 ansa""*i •yiy^^wps^SKHVflWMft •;*i'-"VIW TORI HBRALD, JfOTfDAT. JAJfPAKT 30, lMCo-TOIPLB j TM »6 nt attributable the deplorable change l a publicThe Final British Movement In Central•bora.By special conveyance we have received ex-«X1 •to du im COl Ba- in* qu nont, ehi poopffiwl tic pc toItr dthi d* ai ft it is u Oi ^tr dg 11 \©]J*t( iv otIti 1l f t IOBSatordaropenoarcottonmarket Thesalesfootedup NEW YORK HERALD. •bout 1,000 bal*«, includiag 2,500 to transitu, closing withoutchange:nprte«a. Theflowmarketwaanearler,Mtceeeltv ofatTkorowghOrf,How Torlu-Vopinion in the non-slaveholding States, whichofHistoryAMDand lower lor some grades of Sute and Weatern, whilethe demand Improved at the oonceesion, and aalea of IOUSumreitwtw. WeaternandStateweremadetoafairextentSouthern flourwan in fan* request, and prices onchan|ed. Wheat quiet, andin the abeenee of aalea of m O T , M * q " * ^ ttonawere nominal. Corn wan leanfratly offlwad.whue prices were Ormer, with moderate aalea, nwJadta« Southern yellow at 80c a Me.,and Jersey at BOO. nSlc.,clusively, and publish in another column, the la the course of the year 1847 a* unprece- by adopting the homeopathic principle of "like ton, the bustle among the politicians in- text of the Convention recently negotiated be-dented agitation upon the subject of stayery cures like," that the disease in the body politic creases. There has not been for twenty years tween Great Britain and Honduras, for the re-Ajnisnuirni THDB • m n a .BTBLO*S OUDBT, BroMw»r—Coou's Sorix A*r«i- fUAfBS.amongtheengagementswere6,600bushelsofcornin territorybytheUnitedStates,neitherslavery oftheStateofthecountry,asistobefoundin Washington. It was organized under the thenewConventiontheimportanceofsecur- snip's bags at p. t. to Liverpool, and M0 bbls. flour at 2s , ing the neutrality of the Bay Islands, as well with some lota of beef, lard, 4c.; cotton rates were firm, nor involuntary servitude shall ever exist m that portion of the newspaper pressof the North auspices of Mr. Jefferson, and grew out of as of the territory of the main land adjacentbutnoengagementsreported-shippersofferedS-lOd.to anypartofsaidterritory."Thebarnburner whichremainsconservative,disinterestedand hisoppositiontotheviewsofAlexander "withreferencetoanyrailwayorotherrouteBOWBBY THEATBB,WIHTKB OABDM. BtoMkivajW t L U C M TBXATU. Broadway- Fooa T«ma Mia.The Candidates for the Snccesaion-Who seeds of contention in the democratic the destruction of rotten cliques and the entire nomination in 1796. He was beaten byLAtTEA KIXXTa THBATBB, 134 Broad#ar~J«A"TM -*'BBW w w m TH»AI»» Bowwy-tTM o«wo»- MiHiieiit CoavnaAtoaa.BBOADWAY BOUDOIB,, *tt Bwadwar--I»*IA»TI *» I t WA*—Wosua'l fMB.town, village and school district, from the Aroostook to the B io Grande, and from the Hudson to the mouth of the Columbia, are busily engaged in trotting out, rubbing down and exercising their favorite nags for the Presi-from the hour when, on this treacherous, enti- national ground, a shameful desertion of the regular Presidential nominee o f the democracy defeated General Cass and elevated General Taylor to the chief magistracy of the country—tion laws, under which freedom of speech, surrender in any way a recognition of the ex-—Bar LIBL—T«s Oavo-ing, with dates to the 25th. Sir Wm. Gore Ousetey politics is a sin of the deepest, dye.had arrived at Havana en the 23d inst, on bis way It would be folly to deny that Mr. DouglastoEurope. Marketsandexchangeasnotedabove. willharesomestrengthatCharleston,andthat ard, carried into practice by Brown,andInteresting intelligence from Central and South strength he ought to be very glad to trans-America, with letters from our correspondents in fer to the support of Mr. Buchanan, country with civil war, menace the destruction to invade places of high trust, and to availNicaragua, San Salvador, Ecuador, New Granada, who can be elected, while Mr. Douglas of our commerce, to cut off the internal &c, detailing the progress of events ut those conn' cannot A s for the others, they are allthemselves of the power thus given to workJanuary, but it does not contain any general newsofinterestThe Young Men's Central Republican Committeesectional heresy on the one hand, and the com- ish abolitionist incendiaries. The non-inter-asaneminentlysafeman,andhisre-election pletelyeffete,mercenaryandselfishcliquesof courseactreportedbyMr.Barbouris,asit experienceinselectingacandidateforCharles- withinberbordersquiteasdeservingastheheld an adjourned meeting on Friday evening. Thewould give the coup de grace to all the incipi- ent Sewards, Helpers and John Browns in theton, and will select Mr. Buchanan. The country industrious Caribs of the north coast, and the is in quite as important a crisis as it was in theservative men of all parties, North and South,day, if it is wise, will be guided by the lamp ofthat there never was a period upon which more forevilorforgooddependedthanthepresentunfurled by the republican party, and, if triumphant, it will carry desolation to everyOta St»tsofAs the time draws near for the meeting of the National Democratic Convention at Charles-WMexcited,growingoatoftheprogi^ofthe istobecured.Mexican war. Extreme grounds began tohe The committees which' shall be appointed bybodes such 01 to the federal Union.It is onlysomuchexcitementinadvanceofanyelection. turnoftheBayIslandstoHonduras,andfore And this agitation is not confined altogether to the surrender of the Mosquito Protectorate taken by Northern men, with referenceto the a reorganized democracy of the State of New the politicians. There is a deeply settled feel- over that part of the Mosquito shore falling States that might, at future times, be admitted Tork should make it their first and primary ing upon the part of the people at large that within the rightful territorial jurisdiction ofinto the Union. While the South contend, object to flood the Northern end Central States the country la going through a moat important that republic This Convention is a revision and very choice white Senthern at Sic, a sa^e. justly, that the constitution tolerated sjajejry with copies of leading newspapers and appro- crisis, and that it Is more than probable that of the tw o Conventions signed in London inPork waa to apeealaarre resjua-t, the market in all territories that might be acquired, Noftn- priate documents, that may carry conviction to upon the wisdom, the tact and the sagacity ofagain firmer, wan fir* including old mean the hearts o f at »1Ta 017MK,•«*»•» Tf,.a..$-1-?_87x for ernfanatica,aidedbytheturbulentandfa©-oid prtmeatfll « K »•", and$13TSfor• * . vmt (nuns — -W-- -.rm TMSblackrepublican1856, b y Lord Clarendon a n d Sefior Victor themembersoftheCharlestonConventionwill Herran,asrepresentativeofHonduras,andthose whomtious barnburner portion of the democratic mendacity hasled astray. The right kind of depend the perpetuity of our institutions, and, which the governmentof thatrepublic declinedThe tranaacttona In sugars <rdring the week hare been I t ^ ^ g t ^ maintained an exactly op- papers should be circulated b y twenties andoomparattTelylight,andthemarketapiriUeaa;thesalas« positeprinciple. Itwasatthisperiod,end fiftiesofthousands. Theyshouldbebrought Inthisviewofthematter,itwillnotbeamiss showhowmuchmore liberal terms Greatperhaps, the actual existence o f the republic. yeeterday did not exceed 100 hhda. Cuba muscovado, under these circumstances, that a resolution within the reach of every citizen. People do for us to recall to the members of the Conven-to accept T o facilitate comparison, a n d towithintherangechiefly of7c aT*C;refininggoodarangedfrom7ca7J*c Oofleewaasteady,hotnot active; aalea of 440 mate Java were made at 16c., andM> bags Lagnayaraat 13c. Fre gats were firm, with afairamountof engagements,eapeciallyto Engliah ports; mental condition to the acquisition of any requireaconstantdaguerreotypingbeforethem administration (second term) of President7 m , and shipowners asked" KM.to "id.Van Burenites of New Tork took up this pro- national. It is palpable that an overwhelming Hamilton. The new party was first calledof communication which may be constructed viso as their watchword, and sowed movement is on foot in this State, tending to anti-federalist and put Mr. Jefferson in across the territory of Honduras," is made thea act What At* They5 party, whose baneful, poisonous fruitsThe democratic journals throughout the have been reaped, from year to year, trer •r A country, and the small politicians in every city, since. From that epoch until the present—reorganization of the democratic party, and John Adams, whoee administration was one ostensible objectofthesurrender of theislands. we trust it may go forward in the right direc- of the stormiest on record. It was then that Special care seems to have been taken inwasintroducedintoCongress,byMr.WUmot, notwantsuchtrashastheridiculousUnionas an amendment to the Appropriation bill, to the effect, "that as an express and fundapamphlet, in which one grain of wheat is scarcely to be found in a bushel of chaff. Theyparty which they are presumed to representThe democratic party took its rise during the It will be seen that in the old as well asdential race, the entries for which are to be the temple of Janus has been closed, and dis-MNMd>TMiBC-UutA4JU>toOUM-YuwnWODL madeatCharlestonintwomonthsfromthecordintherankswhichthefirmnessofJack-affairsofthecountryhavebeenbroughtbywasanentirechangeinthepoliticalsentimentdoesHonduras,verymuchintheconditionofBAKHtnrS AaTBBICAW •VI. B*)aOwa».-ABn-- DIALS*.present complicated pass to which the political were imprisoned. At the next election thereHRTAJrW amrSTBBUB. BvmuHOUu, Soses, i>A*csa. SOM'_ „ am. sri Br<»dw»Tj— WHO StaooK BILLY 1'ATSBCnarfs •»*-as the type o f republican principles, particu- years, three factions in the democratic party ot House. One is the report of the joint committee larly freedom of speech and of the press.KTBliO'B SALOOB. Breadwa-.-One. CumDuring his first term he encountered severeFerry outrages, and the other is the non- opposition from the federalists, and did not It will be observed that the conditions ofMew tork, Momctay,Jaaoary 30, 1S60.The Naurs*Our special despatch this morning furnishes anaccountoftheexcitementexisting inWashington relative to the election1 of a Speaker of the House of Representatives. All the factions appear to be in s state of excitement,and personal explanationsfrom democrats and republicans, it is expected, will be made in the House to-day, relative to their vote* for Mr. Smith on Friday. The proceedings will, no doubt, be of a very animated character.Our European files by the Fulton contain some veryinterestingextracts,whichwepublishto-day in addition to our full telegraphic summaryfromrotten, corrupt clique of which Cagger, Cassidy whole of the Issues connected with the slavery principles, combined with personal popularity, own officers, under their own laws, relieved and Richmond pull the wires, is as bad as it question. Nothing can be calmer or more tem- which was absolutely required to maintain the from taxation and military service, and exemptand went in for his second term almost by ac- laws of the country, to which they were to be clamation.When,in1809,Mr.Jeffersonretired nominally attached. Under the present ar- from public life, he left the principles for which rangement they are only t o retain their actual heso long struggled to his friend Mr. Madison, property and liberty of worship. W e are who was chosen to the place so well filled free to say that Great Britain could not stipu- by the Sage of Monticeilo. Mr. Jefferson had late for less, so far as the actual occu- taken a stand with regard to our foreign rela- pants of the islands are concerned. Mostpresent date.They are not a b a d lot, and some o f themson had serried, has been perpetuated.the dogged persistence of the black republi-of the country, and Mr. Jefferson was electedthat afflicted lady who advertises for her kid- napped poodle, a round reward and " n o ques- tions asked" of the person who may return it to itslawful owner.There have generally 1>een, for over eleven contests. Let us call them over: Virginia the State of New York. Sometimes the fightcans and the divisions of their opponents in thehave heretofore shown good qualities in smallsponsible for the wrong itself. Thus the con- hearthstone in the land. The dogmas of Sew- servative men of the North are responsible for the organization and action of the republican party; and as long as its leaders are permittedexpounded, in detail, by Helper, threaten thetion, which we have pointed out.The Conflict o n W h i c h W e Are Drifting—Congress enacted the celebrated Alien and Sedi-both cases to avoid making the net ofofCOOPKBnrSTlTUTK.—f-eor.YovaursLacrosaoama Hunter;Georgia,Messrs.CobbandStephens; torialinitsdeadliness;but,moreoften,twoof intercourse actreported by Mr.Barbour receivetheunited supportofhispolitical therestorationoftheislandstoHondurasarecm. Buaxsauuua, Ac—. m i i i n Roues, D«fcw. Bvaxaaeuaa,D i l lsends to the track Governor Wise and SenatorLegislaturethe Harper'sMaw T»A* CALLS roa Idsttamong tiem has been triangular, and gladia-the three have united to crush the third. In from the Finance Committee of the House of friends. He had taken office as a one term very materially and favorably modified. UnderCaaaisnY or T U 8B»»SAU. Louisiana, Mr. Slidell; Mississippi, JeffersonHOCTH NTHTH STBBBt CHT7KCH, Wim«msburg.-D«. Davia; Tennessee, Andrew Johnson; Kentucky. Beonoaa's Kacrtruaou Is oat, B a m m a PaiaauooB, CASTS, Messrs. Breckinridge and Guthrie; Illinois, Mr.the present national crisis, whioh threatens to upturn the very foundations of our prosperity as a people, the sections of the party arrayed against each other are those of Tammany Hall,Delegates.President; but when the time drew near for the Convention of 1856 the inhabitants of theASS Btaaoo Tea-La.TRIPLE SHEET. Commodore Stockton; New York, FernandoThe first of these documents will be the nomination of his successor, although there islands, settled there under British auspices,read with interest, not only for the was more than one candidate, the masses of were made practically independent of the go*conclusions at which it arrives, but for the party could see in no statesman other vernment of Hondoras—a kind of imperiumDouglas; Indiana, Mr. Bright; New Jersey,tries, are given elsewhere in our paper this morn- and external sources from which prosperitying. out of the question, and must wait a little flows to our merchants, manufacturers, mecha- should acquit those who suffered them to ac- the most violent dissensions between members They provided that no Bonaparte should everWe have news from the West Coast of Africa longer for the good time coming, which to nics, farmers and capitalists, to inaugurate a quire this disturbing influence of the blame datedatFernandoPothe1st,OldCalabarthe4th, someofthemmaybealongwayoff.Mr. longperiodof"fire,rapeandslaughter,"and whichproperlydevolvesuponthem. andSierraLeonethe21stofDecember. AtBenin Douglas, by giving hisstrength toMr.Bu- tosinkthisnowhappy countrytothe lowestthe health of the residents was good and trade chanan, will have an undeniable claim on the The justice of these conclusions but few pa-depthsofdegradation, barbarismandmisery. trioticandrightthinkingmenwilldispute.Theyof the government sprang up. The opposition rule in Europe; and to-day the Third Napoleon tothePresident,ledbyMr.Calhoun,wasex-dictatesthepolicyoftheContinent Soitbrisk. Fernando Po was healthy, and the new succession, and in all probability would go in Well may the cry echo forth among those who SpanishGovernorwasdoingmuchinthewayoffor1864withoutmuchtrouble.ceedinglybitter. ThemannerinwhichGene- ral Jackson m et and dealt with the great questions of the day—the tariff, the Bank, inter- nalimprovements,nullification,andsoon—is familiar to every one. And, in 1831, he was obliged,contrarytohisownexpressedde- termination, to yield to the demands of his party, and consent to serve a second term. Hewastheonlycandidateofthemanyable leaders of his party who could have won the hotly contested battle of 1832, and preserved the power and the prestige of the democracy.will be here in America. When it shall appear that the mutual interests of Honduras and the United States shall dictate a union of thetwocountries,wemaybesureitwilltake place, all Clayton and Bulwer conventions and needlessclausesintreatieswithGreatBritain to the contrary notwithstanding. W e are not discussing the utility or probability of such an event:itmayneveroccur;butitcertainly will not be prevented by the impotent stipu- lation to which we refer.As regards the Mosquito Indians, we must confess we do not see why they should be made pensioners on Honduras for even so small a sum as $5,000, for so short a term as ten years. The State has other barbariansimproving the island. The Cameroons werehealthy,buttraderattierdull.Thenativeswere Buchanan.Hisadministrationwillcomparequiet, and the recent disturbances had been ami- favorably with those of the earlier Presidents. cably settled. The dry season continued verylong, but jain had fallen. Brass river was un- A pure, upright, experienced and sagacious in the Northern States, of eight hundred thou-healthyandtradestagnant AtBonnytradewas statesman,unaffectedbythestrifesofparti- fidenceinthepoweroftheconservativesoftherather dull, but the health of the place was good. sans or the howls of disappointed spoilsmen, sand voters. Their strength In the State of Northto stem the tide of fanaticism and treason Trade good at Lagos. Cape Coast healthy and he has pursued the noiseless tenor of his way. New York is overwhelming. They constitute is evident from the recommendations which trade brisk. A seriousriottook place on the 24th Few constitutional rulers have had so hard a not only the probity and intelligence, but, they offer. They call upon the Legislature toBut the man for the hour is distinctly Mr.WThat is to be done now?There is a great corps de reserve of conser-merely establishresultstowhichwehave have a Btake in the welfare of the Union— been long and earnestly pointing, and theypublican Speaker would at once be received by vative, law abiding, industrious, honest citizens the South. That the committee have no con-of November between the Intina and Bentil quar- task, so many difficult questions to settle, such also, the vast majority in the community. The put the militia of the State on an efficient (that It was the old story of Jefferson and Madison ters, or companies into which Cape Coast Castle bitter, determined and well drilled opposition time has come for them to throw aside their is to say a war) footing; to pass measures to over again.is divided, and several persons were killed. as those which Mr. Buchanan has met and over- apathy, to rise like a spring tide and drown in secure the commercial independence of the Now, our point, logically dedueed from theWe have a St Thomas paper of the 11thof come. He is considered by the national con- the depths of a deluge of popular enthusiasm, South; to encourage foreign trade, and to pun- above facts, is that the democratic party of to-the democracy on the other, and to adopt new will be seen, extremely stringent in its provi-mischief, it cannot be expected that the Southmeasures, create new machinery, and replaceseats in the committee from rival delegations from country. When we say that Mr. Buchanan is with upright, industrious and energetic indivi- heavy penalties, the objects which it is last days of John Adams, during the war of docile Payas ejnd Xicaques of the interior: andcommittee apoointe^ to Investigate the claims forsions, and insures, b y a system of licenses andinto effect excluding all persons from the room belong to no party, but who always vote on place, influence and patronage. L et schemes which, finding a premature disclosureexcepting members of the committee, whichthe sal*' side—L e., to preserve the peace, to putthere b e an immediate rallying to-quitos. Still, if Honduras chooses to overlook tional and treasonable organization—Seward, the slur on her sovereignty which the stipula-in the John Brown raid, are now openly avowedand acted upon in the attempt to force into theChair of the House of Representatives a manwho has endorsed the wicked and treasonable and precipitate upon us the famous "irrepres- terferences, it is no concern of ours. Be- sentiments of the Helper book, or some other sible conflict" to which Mr. Seward has so ear- sides, $50,000 is no very ruinous matter, and candidatewhoisequallyobnoxioustothein- nestaninclination.TheSouth,enragedbeyond astheMosquitoswillprobablyspendthewhole terests of the Southern States. Unless the measure by the book of Helper, which advo- of ifin bad rum, it may prove a cheep way of patriotic feeling of menrberaterminates at once cates interference with slavery in the States exterminating the whole disagreeable brood, a struggle, the prolongation of which is arous- where it exists by law, and the raid of John and relieving the country of Mosquitos and ing the worst fears of the South, there is reason Brown, which practically realized the Helper Mosquito protectorates together.to fear,as shown by ourletters last week, and Seward theories, declares,through herthattheSouthernLegislatureswillfollow,one presses,herpublicmeetingsandherstatesmen, TheConventionprovidesforanarbitrationof after another, the example of Virginia. When that if a President holding to the Seward theo- existing claims of British subjects on Honduras,caused considerable excitement and disorder. Mr. down internal dissensions and prevent crises, gether of this wealth, respectability and integ-Chac A. Spencer wasthen elected permanent Pre rity of the democratic party in this great me-anient of the Committee. After being . >nJ,t Le 1 political »nd commercial—we assert an un- tropolis. Let a committee be appointed, com-to the chair he delivered an addre.*- on J - ! rtenial'.- i t one which the delegates to posed of one hundred of the leading merchants,rentpoliticalevent*oftheday.TUB:'.>U.»wiurfChnr't>:..,uwilldowelltoreflectuponbefore mechanics,andprofessionalandmoneyedmenother officers were {then elected:—P. C Buckley they make their choice. who abound in our midst, and let them he pro-and Arthur Boyce Viae Presidents: E. G. Thomp-son, Recording Secretary; A. C. Hills Correspond- OIB SPECIAL. RKPOETS FROM THE COUNTRY.— vided with ample funds to secure the election,ing Secretary; Wm. H. Gedney Treasurer, and We publish to-day another instalment of the in November next, of a national President ofChan. Missing Sergeant-at Arms. Mr. Clarke pre- valuable correspondence that we have organiz- this republic. If the amount required shouldsentedamotion,whichwaacarried,thattherules edfor thepurposeof collecting afaithfulre- beamillionofdollars,itmustbegiven. Whatandregulationsofthecommitteebe thesamea* flection of public sentiment throughout the were amillionofdollarsto themerchantsofthose of last year. It being now about half-past Union, on the great question which is now agi- New York to secure the safety of the Union?Greeley & Co.'s black republican party—is en-deavoring to seize the reins of government, rid of troublesome pretensions and in-provethespiritinwhichtheelectionofare-mongrel brood of Moflquitos. There are thetheSixthward,reportedinfavoroftheBrennan theonlymanwhocancommandthemillionof duals, the beggarly, ruffian organizations intended to carry out These arethe 1812,ortheroughtimesof1830-31. Perhaps GreatBritainhadjustasmuchrighttostipulate delegation. A resolution was adopted and carried reserved votes of the North—the electors who that have so long monopolized power, first positively reactive results of the insane we are in even a worse condition now. A sec- for alms in their behalf as for the leprous Moe-ry is chosen she will secede from the Union. which seems fair enough, and w e are willingto risk Spanish-American cunning and inertiaagainst English avarice. B u t w e foresee afruitful source o f trouble i n the clause provid-ing for the recognition of grants and cessionsof territory made from time to time, for the **•**•*fcorofthebufldlng,andbuspresses,with speechesofcountrypoliticiansweretobe"re- ofTammanyHallandtheRegency. Aper- atstake. beenmentionedissureofthatvote,orevenhas past fifty years,bytheso-called Mosquitoabout »**)©%•*•,ofhi,vt/put iat^jsjdodforthis lieduponforevidencesof what itissoimpor- manentlysittingcommitteeoffiveorsixsound, a fair chance for it Mr.Buchanan, by his Kings. Thesepotentateshadaknackofmakingeleven o slock, the meeting adjourned until the third Wednesday of February.tating the country. Through no other sourcesThe greatest prudence should be exercised, however, in the expenditure of such money.it is too late to recall the consequences of di-To avert this and other calamities flowing from Sunday morning, lav which several of our enter- and impartial estimate of the opinions enter- Heretofore it has gone to supply whiskey, of a common danger, we shall probably find a it the conservative North looks to Charlestonwas it possible for us to arrive at such an exactprisingbusinessnrnwwereentirelyburnedoutMr. tainedin distant localitiesinregardtoit If champagne,and,frequently,topaytheprivatevisions which have no excuse in the presenceunionofsentimentastothefollies thatwere foracandidatewhowill call outthereseated• very destructive Ire occurred in Ann street on*•*•«Bonner,proprietoroftheLodger,occupied thearticlesofcountrynewspapersorthe expenses,foryears,ofthedemagogueloafers committedwhilstsuchweightyinterestswere voteoftheCentralStates.Noonewhohasrm**t****' * « **atroyed. Mr Bonner's loss tant for as to know, we in the large cities reliable men should be selected,whose especial GOLD PROSPECTS AT PIKE'S PEAX.—We per-irMa^tao,«»;isjmr«dfor$MJ)00. The names would frequently be led to very errone- care it should be to avert these abuses. ceive by the last news from Pike's Peak, pub-oftheothercccupwrta,wt*ifcrfrlosses,wfflbe ousconclusions.WherevitalInterestsare Thetruemethodofbringinghometruthtothelishedyesterdayinourcolumns,thatgoldwas foundjUHter 1 ^Thefifteenthanniversary of the Sanoder Mission at stake, as on the present occasion, it minds of the people mast be in imitating and coming in to Leavenworth in very fair quan-arySocietywasheldlasteveningatnaCarame becomesthedutyofanindependentjour- emulatingthesagacitywithwhicherrorand tities. ItIsstatedthattheexpressesbroughtPresbyterian church. The resorts of the nal like ours to prevent the efforts of par- treasonhavebeenpropagatedbytherepublican in over $90,001since October—m the depth ofwise, firm and prudent administration, byhis practical statesmanship in dealing with new grants of the same lands every year or vexedquestions,bytheclearandsaga-two,astheirstockofrumranlow,noneofcious manner in which he has conducted which, we presume, were recorded in the impe-thefifteenyears1aw JBSBBBBf • s^a,*ejav^ssaaa^ gr ^^BBW»I«Mww^n s a wThe Rev. Dr tothethe various claims set np under these conces- sions,and wewish,themjoyofthejobbefore them.•a, cave arial archives. The whole eastern part of Hon- conservative national men. He has, itis true, duras, where they affected some jurisdiction. repeatedly declined to be a candidate for re- was thus literally shingled over, fathoms deep,pressionsastotheviewsoithepublicincon- powernttheland,fromthesmallestandmost fromtheminesinprivatehands. Sincethe election;butwhenhiscountrysoimperatively withgrantsandconcessions. TheCommis- nectionwith them. Thiscanonlybedoneby contemptiblebeginnings,solelythroughthein- operationscommencedinthatregionoverhalfn demandshisservices,he shouldbe willingto sionerswillhaven"goodtime"inoverhaulingmake the sacrifices demanded of the earlier of such a course as we have dustrywithwhich,bymeansofnewspapersand million of gold hasbeen obtained, thereby Presidents,anddevote fouryears moretothetoning trustworthy and in- cheap publications, it has succeeded in forcing establishing the fact, at least, that the precious service of the republic. Jefferson, Madisontoretary w e n read, showing that tisans from distorting facts or creating false im- party. It has grown to be a great and mighty winter—besides, probably, as much more comewritersto e r « T P « t o f toeoottntrj,heme its falsehoods and opinions upon every metal is to be had there in fair quantities. I nand Jackson were all theoretically one-term voter in the North. Its traitorous leaders have view of this it is very probable that there will men, but were compelled by the exigencies ofTHE SAX JUAN DIFFICCLTT.—lh another co- things, but we di&appoint malice hesitated at no expense and at no exertionto be a large emigration to Pike's Peak in the the public service to act in opposition to their lumn will be found a risumiot the papers ,f«^«aamowtodgeoftheexacttation. The good thai accomplish their objects; and the example of coming spring; and Ifthe emigrants go provided own views. With such examples before him,contained in the report of the Secretary of War on this question, which if to he comma* rdented to th e Senate to-day by the President,t dTML ^ *^_l» * hithesentimentstoto flat ranks of thethe whole press of the Northern States, suffi-ciently attest the earnestness of their eudeavers. I t is to the printed misstatements a n d there heedlessly, and suffered for i t afterwards.Helper's book, and the manner in which they with prop*r machinery the yield may be very have brought under their command nearly abundant Emigrants can Btart now with someMr. Buchanan would have a valid excuse forany apparent inconsistency. At any rate, he Isthe only man for Charleston, ae things stand in compliance with a resolution adopted by now, and there Is hardly time enough for any that body. As will b e seen, it presents a clear^,,,,assoranee that they are not going on a moreventure, like the early miners, who rushed[apostate*IMtraitorswhoarebentuponthe calumnieswhichhavebeensowidelydissemi- Theemigrationthisspring,too,willbeofabet-Istrongenoughwiththecountrytooommaad1thedisputenptotwotemporarysettlementof-Untitled Documentm w ntroeptMo tft«t' djasolutioa of the Union. nated by the anti-slavery faction, that lamainly Iter claaa. weees* •fected by General, SCQU T^EngUsh. paper*Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comBritainfounditrightorpolitictoconcede,we tionafewfamiliarfactsinthehistoryofthe republishthetwoConventionsof1856,Incon-isting or antecedent rights of Honduras over Important Action ot the VirginiaLe- action andthepresswerevirtuallyrestrained. theislands. Thisisrather ungracious:butweg i s l a t u r e . The democratic party, l e d b y Mr. Jefferson,In another column will be found two docu- opposed the measures of Mr. Adams with great are not disposed to quarrel with the motives or pretexts which an opponent may assign formentsofhighsignificanceandimportanceinthe vigor,andmany ofthe anti-federalist editors doingwhatis right Wefeel, aswepresumeth eVirginiao nWood, General Wool, Daniel S. Dickinson and the Albany Regency and Mozart Hall. The the ability with which it discusses the than Mr. Jefferson- that steady adherence to in imperio. They were to be governed by theirfioratio Seymour; South Carolina, Messrs. Hammond and Orr.As we said before, not a bad lot, by any means. A ll capable men, no doubt; all pa- triotic,andsoforth,batnoneofthemavailable for this time. They are not, with o n e excep- tion, candidates in the real sense of the term.They are only persons mentioned by different cliques in different sections of the country. They are inchoate—still in the egg—and must wait until they a r e hatched into life by the warmth of popular favor.ly speaking, for Charleston are Buchanan and be half amused and half scandalized by the acquit a large number of the NorthernThey will all of them carry their griefc to sectional feuds which had been temporarily Inpointoffact,theonlycandidates,proper- Charleston,and thepublic, indue* time, will allayed by them. Whilst the committeerepublic. The democratic party sustained Mr. tions of English jurisdiction, in good faith,Jefferson'smeasuresinoppositiontothefeder- andGreatBritainwas fairlyboundtoproviie alists, who favored a different policy as faras for the protection of their property and free-England was concerned. Mr. Madison repre- dom of conscience. The only stipulation in sented the broad principles of Mr. Jefferson, derogation of the sovereignty of Honduras isPortland,given yesterday. The Napoleonpamphlet Douglas. The latter has made some terrible wranglings, bickerings, abuse and State's evi- people of any positive or active participationwar still raged at all the Continental Courts. The blunders, and has redeemed them in part by dence revelations which will there be deve- in these acts of aggression, and whilst they ac-leading papers in London copied the Message of his recent speech; but hie three years of fili- loped. What the result of it all will be no-President Buchanan in full, and we reprint the tone bustering and kicking against the South haveofthecommentsmadebythemonthepiper.Ahighly important document on the difficulties and put him so out of favor with the peopledangers attending the abolition ofslavery in Russia of that part of the country, that in the best ofwill be found elsewhere, as also a report of Mt- times they would not receive him with any utter demoralization into which nationalism caulay'sburialinWestminsterAbbey. greatamountoffavor. Now,nottoputtoo andconservatismhavesunken,intheso-calledThe Empire City arrived from Havana yesterday, fine a point upon it, they won't have him at all* regular organizations, by the respectable con-with dates to the 23d instant Sugars were dull. He has been since 1856 until the other day the servative national masses? The most prudentFreights better. Exchange oi| New Tork 3.$ to 4. demon of discord in the ranks of his own par- and intelligent men in the country recogniseknowledge the good feeling which dictated theHavana waa healthy, and a large number of Ameri- ty—weakening it at the South, and disorganiz-cans were in town. The birthday of the Prince of ing it at the North. H e ought to g o throughtheAsturiaswss celebratedwithmostexcitedde-monstrations of joy. The steamship Quaker City, with a severe dose of probation, as the punish- The black flag of sectional discord has been fromHavana,arrivedaboutoneo'clockthismorn- mentforhispoliticalsins—forablunderInperate than the tone inwhich the committee re- infant organization. He was renominated, from the operation of the general revenuecan be. It never possesses a grain of politicalhonesty or healthiness. The rowdies and bulliesofTammanyareseldom anybetter. Thetwoare, for the time being, united in deadly,unrelenting warfare against Mozart Hall,which, however deficient it may be in moralworth, disinterestedness a n d true patriotism,has the advantage over its adversaries of beingsound and unimpeachable in its principles. bill revived with increased bitterness all the tions which elevated the dignity of the' young of them have gone there under the attrac-view the history of the institution and the dis- loyal manner in which the various compacts and compromises into which the South has been induced to enter have been observed. It was hoped that the measures of 1850 would have effectually discountenanced any further agita- tion on this subject, but the Kansas-Nebraskaand therefore received thesupport of his party. that which binds the republic never to make bodyknows,andprobablyveryfewcare. recentUniondemonstrationsintheNorth,theyIn1812hewasre-elected,whilethecountryanycessionoftheislandstoanyStateorgovern-The great, vital, and all-important question is, what ought to be done now, in view of theyet do not attach any great value to them. Abstract resolutions are, in their opinion, of no avail unless followed by corresponding action. Aslongastheconservativepeopleofthe North remain passive, and permit agitators and fanatics to fill high positions and act on behalf of their respective States, they cannot escape the responsibility attaching to their declara- tions and acts. Those whohave it intheir powertopreventtheperpetuationofawrong,and fail to do it, must to a great extent be re-was at war with England. The democratic ment whatever. This provision seems to be party, approving of the war, and being obliged aimed at the United States, whoee capacity for to accept the main issue upon it, chose Mr. absorption of neighboring territory is the buga- Madison,who,morethananyotherman,repre- booofEuropeandiplomacy. Still,itisnot sented their principles, as their leader, and the so directly offensive as the slavery clause in the only one who could maintain the party orga- Convention of 1856, which is now wisely left nization and command any considerable num- out; and, on the whole, we do not think our ber of votes outside of i t government or people will object to the pro-vision; forweallknowthat these attemptstoFrom the end of the second term of Mr. fetter and chain down the will of God and the Madison,throughthetwotermsofMr.Monroe, inevitablecourseofeventsbytreatiesandthe questions before the country were' chiefly conventions are idle and futile. W e need of a financial and commercial character, involv- only look back to 1815 and its treaties, "triple ingnospecial principlesand creatingnopar- boundinbrass,"whichweretocontrolthefu- ticular agitation. ture of Europe, to see how circumstances,In 1828 General Jackson was chosen as a the changes of time, and the necessities of na- one term President over numerous opponents. tions, mock at the plans and far-reaching He had not been a great while in office before schemee of what the world calls statesmen.thegovernmenthaswontheconfidenceofalljunction with that of 1859.tion Involves, in consideration of gettingof the other candidates to put themselves | and concise view of the origin and progress of ! 