 Theof Disunion Disiinishin^.invasion of Southern rights; and for this purpose calls a State Convention to assemble assoon as possible.When the North commits aggressions on the South,offered by the Senator from St.may1 entertain no doubt of the rights of each State toi^'"- .f•V. 'OL. X.—MO. 2853.THE SOUTHERN EXCITEMENT.AEW-YORK, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1860.PEICE TWO CENT87to be their earthly masters t who require them *„ j.^— their carriages, black their boots, aid do for^h^ZSProspectDaily submittotheMr. Albicb made a report from the Committee onPnkaUc AetioB sf SMrth CaroUna and encroaches on her rights, then it wfll be time enough to call a State Convention, and not before.That theal, anti-slaverr party, styling themselves the RepablicABgood byStates takeseparramtsionup againstptlhaece, of the peopleB>atK»attwa vf Senators CkesnHt wum^ Toombs.UHUNilTITE PROCEEPDIfiS.Ruolvtd. That it is noadviiable, at this time, to assem- ble a Conveotion of 'the State far any other opiect »>»."secession from the UnionColon, except for the purpose of forming a Southern Confeoeraoy.of that PsTty to the office of President ef ttie Unitedernor to take measures lor assembling a Convention, sosoon as any one of the other Soothern States In his shall.agriculturistswhile receive the benefits theyfrom WiiliiigtoD, Btltimore, BidUBond, CalwDbia, Cbarleston,iBpita, fc(.VIEWS FROM THE PULPIT.cide for herself. There is no common arbiter be- should no longer be required to the aei^u performMqMttelNthat, on to-morrow, he woold The excitement which disturbed a few nervous infroduce a bill to provide for the calling of a Con-vention of the people of this State.Mr^ Tbiubolm submitted the following resolutions,which were read, and, on motion, were ordered to be and made the special order for to-morrow, atJroi'nctleodc,k.the Bell-Everett ticket arewith the result of the election, if we may judge bywith which They evi-jMMllwl a nnr Inpalw, yesterday, with the news of vanity of the proud, overbearing Democracy, whoright to assume to dictate to tha principals, from which it derives all the power It possesses, nor to sit Ib judgment upon the conduct of the creator, whose creature itI that he hadcontemplated resignation,whetherBiu and EvikiTT shows the increase of sentiment in opposition to the Democracy, a circumstance that hasas and will with South Carolina. Mississippi go; and as the Colonies possessed ,only the right of revo-loee when called on for a speech;depended of treason sthaerytocarryintoeffecttahnedmteoasuresrecommendedby CBABLESTON. tothetGilolvernmheandtewsthaobsleisshuebdjtehcetisr(noteoqfuals)theythat In the event of the aboUtknisdt to avoid removal.9.movement, but Virginia as a State will not follow them. Individuals with more recklessness and the false, deceptive hope of a little glory, may volunteerplanters, a large portion of the people of England Court, are manufacturers. We come in competition withconcession, or cofli- premise of our rights, we should' reply, "the argu- mentisexhausted,"andwenow standbyourarms.*t* tk« Kcv-Tork TimM.Botistob, CtntiniaBAB,farherself. When her decision is nads, noj^,,lil jMipatckWimiMTOR, SmuUr,dcBtlydangerimmediate nor remote.They lUtolvcd, That a Commissioner be elected by Johit bal-,Not. II.IIHI ipwiBodie eicUement in out commimity ing but little more than the chagrin and wotmdedlot of the Senate and Honse of whoee RepresentaDv^higher power exists to which an can b* taken. appealtke greatestsufferers. Thegold,silver,andothertiM-was elected or not.kspcthatthereportistrue,althoughhisfamilyisnow elevatedandnotdepressedtheirspirits. WhenMr. Sibobto!) offered a resolution in the Senate that the Governor be requested to raise ten thousand vol-Iit IsRevolution, were not were sovereign. They subjects—cBtiaiciit In Marrland DlsnBlon Nat Gen-The last term of the United States DistrictIn and for South Carolina, was opened and closed on Wednesday, 7th November, under fudge A. G. Ma-none of their interests. Our mterests and theirs are mutualandreciprocal. ThepeopleoftheNorthern States are the rivals o[ the people of England inIjSiir. ^^^^^^Special Dispatch to the New-York Times.had any presentments to make. Foreman RoBsar manufacturingdepeadentBAiniiOBS, Sunday, Nov. 11. Several South Cai oliuians are now in BaltimoreIt is understood to be one of the functions of the Grand Jury to make pre-moved to Monday, I2ih, and otiier were daysposed.Mr. of Worth, favored the earliestEvery one expresses thedrawing at once from the Confederacyit was rumored that Virgiiila had gone for Bill, the rejoicing was very great, and on the night of the election the Opposition were out in strong numbers, with banners, music, transparencies, and pine torches, parading aoBa doubt, if the Conventira be postponed till nearly every street in Uie city. Several Douglas ad- herents joined in the procession, some of whom wereJaaaaiy,I taTO alluded to the regret felt at Hr. Lnrcoui's sl-but his friends ken justly it, OB the ground that he is not yet elected, and a speech might damage him in the Slectoral Col-lec*.6oT. Coawin reached here yesterday, and is looldngvite the of all the Sonthem States In cooperationnr between the two cases. The Colonies, prior to thethe Winter. Mr. Cnnm^resignationwouldbeanecessity,if South CaioUna should secede, of which there seems to bewith- day. drawing from the present Union, and forming a separate 'I'hishtn ^»K^ff anangenents for.race of while men. He blacks no master's boots, and bow-s the knee to no one save God alone. Hera* celves higher w-aees for his labor than does thelaboierwelL He believes LiBcoui's Administra-from them sponsible, and whenUMiitililjoB will be highly national and conservatiTeit,boxandbut yettjiiiiVj a little fear will be the best nostrum which can and a big blaze generally was kept up till a late hourhave a troeposedit,their rulerskouses through here yesterday on his return passedsuch case the allegiance of her citizens would be dueadvantage, bestowed by a kind ProrUcnea;te the meantime be administered to the Southern ex-feemists. He does not thinli it advisable for Mr. Lcr- were made, at the close of which the most enthusias-lutions, which he read, and moved that they be madethe special order for to-morrow, at 1 o'clock, which MiEBXs. Editobsto secede sovereign edacity,MUThe action of South Carolina merchants, in re- faslng to pay their honest debts in the North, is se- xeraly coadonned here. One agent for New-Yorkkirn to return.Speculations as to Hr. I.niaois'B Cabinet are rifetic eheering and hurrahing was given for the Opposi- tion ticket.The Deiqpcracy chafe considerably under theiroverwhelming ilefeat, |but sensitive and excited asthey are, they can hardly be called Distmionists, forif you ask one of them his opinion seriously, he willwas agreed toand thecommunitymy positionpeople, decide for themselves that thehas been vio-distantvery period,to glre any expression to his views until after the Sectoral College shall have met, as such an expres- ii^ would only be construed into an evidence of slaiB OB his part, and would do no good,:compactas a Federal officer, I beg leave to say, I will not hold lated the other States. And neither the Federalthese results, is, I evident to »*-< think, quite the ofencroachmentuponfour MOleeted a dollar. Bis employers bad telegraphed there is far less excitement in this section of the Oldline ofwearing cockades. They are merchants purchasing raise by contribution a sufficient amoimt of money to g*«d8, formerly dealers in New-York and Philadel- defray their expenses. No doubt some of the citizens phia. They are much excited and incensed at Lia- will cheerfully subscribe a sum large enough to get«#UI*S election, but complain most of the Northern States nullifying or rendering inactive the FugitiveThis is, in fact, the chief complaint of allSoutherners with whom I converse, and the main Ward which called themselves " The Virginia Volun-of a bill, as there was in the gradual delay passing nothingsteady progresshighest of the Union, would be in a worse condition thanMr. OuviK, of Heard, favored the earliest day, 'ob-Slave law.fniggestedbysubmittedto;we would have noJoNis,greatest delay.harthen of eomplaist of the Southern journals. Ssnthemers say that themselves and friends will stoptares," and left the place to aid their Southern breth- ren upon the bloody fields west of Missouri. A more dirty, forlorn, unwashed, miserable, ragged set ofA fcv weeks might develop importantfiterancestringent, the Banks acting with extreme caution. One longlaw and up to the vast and solemn Issues enacted stringent laws against the importation of free early LitvccLn's election. There were measures moresiated.Scaie prominent officers of Georgia and South Car-fate was never ascertained, as none of them ever re-election.Hr. Haxxis, of Worth, inqtured whether Mr. 8r«-Ain favored secession if Georgia so^leclded in Coa-and import duties on manufiictured articles sold by vention. He would not be snstiiaed dismiss you to your several avocations, with my ^em to our This could not endure and thought Georgia•aaa kare from Washington say the excitement there isatatlBg, but there is anxisty to know the President'sfngranune.The Western papers and the Western merchants"Trojans" who go among the rebels of the South.an event has of happenedhere are free from of theest dealers report full confidence in the South, and as-sert their vrilUngness to sell Southern merchants Not to be baffied in theirmediate enrolment of ten thousand and preparationrolimteers, office I have held. For the last time I have, as aStates, that the people of the South would be in greatgoods en the usual credit. The Virginia banks, at Koriolk, RiclunoBd, and elsewhere, are putting out very little paper, and do little business. Heavy de- lUBds are making on them for specie.determination, they bavejust dispatched their chief officer, Dr. R. £. RosinsoN, to Baltimore, to obtain carbines and the like for the dragoons. Gov. LiTCHxa doubtless thought that Colt's revolvers in the hands of a Virginia company of horse would be like the rifle which ttie catamount got away from Davy Csockxtt, when the redoubtable Colonel"It was made the special order for Monday.The President stated that the following communi-the United States wiUOn the limits of- tlie State of South Carolina.While thus acting in obedience to a sense of duty,I cannot tie indifferent to the emotions it must pro-independent government.Insurrection andrevoltpresumed moderation of Abkailui Lihooui or the preservationofthisUnioutooneparty. Itconsiderscall of a Convention, and arrangingthedetailsthereof. Mr. Maitcx moved that the consideratiou of the resolutione be postponed until to-morrow, which didnot prevail. ,banks is strongly urged, as expresses are dally bring- ing bills from the surrounding States, and demanls for specie are almost hourly made.Southern States, shall, in this crisis, be ascertained by a general Convention of all the States, hereafter to be caJled, and all shall act together in concert, or whether each State shall decide for herself, without conferencewiththeothers,arequestionsuponwhich adiverflty of opinion exist.Unds of menial service ?belong to no Inferior race.but they are the sons of freemen, who shed thefrto secure Uberty to their posterity. These men political rights, inherited from thefr ancestors, which are inalienable. They have the right to bear anns. and thousands Of them know how to use them.of the Constitution and the Union is now the path of a bold refusal toThey are u,iLUeZ^"%J^that the path for the preservationA bill wasto persons coming from States hostUe to the Soutli.They are notoSv fnS u^ haveThe mass of the people think and act for thetn^ves —they dsnt do as the politicians tell them, but just do to suit themselves and their own interestFEELING AFTER THE ELECTION.Rtsotvtd,I'arty. would b« sufllcleDt and proper cause for the disNorthern iiaTe soITered so whlto laborers who-NOT JOLLOW BOtlTH CAROLINA—ITBXXE ISeOT. 'WIBB ?0trTt}fondtnet af tke Ntte-York Timu.ofvention, the better oonrae will fee to empower the Gov-viting[bytheirthey listen to the mutterings around them.bill,but the the last hours developments tweaty-fouris, and by whose consent alone it exists single day. It is not to be presumed that a State will secede fi-om the Union without cause. Ofupon this to the subject,down-trodden and o iusssod pmanner,and theself-cosapiacencyegraph messagesStates,take intofeel noseem to regard the talk of the Breckinridgersas meait-have so long swayed the rod of political rule, as to acquire an air of insolence toward all others, as has be-evening consider the amendments of the House to the bill callingaConvention. Forty-oneSenatorswerepres- voted in favor of the blll asobscurity,who aremore loyal to the ConslituUoB•( raMgnatiaD of Benaton Cbxbiiiit and Toombs, battkUMon gave way to a feeling of gratification at the|mp«et of getting rid of Hr. Toons. It is well come intolerable. The immense vote given in favor of protection of Soathem InterestsIamawarethe right of a portion of the States of the Union toof thefr country, and mach more worthy to en-joy those treasures than thousands of their otmressonwho now possess them. How different thethingsare treated with kindness, conslderaflon andthis.. He belongs to the only true the aristocracy,"declaration, Lincoui and BaiOKinxisas be d—dMilitary Committee, report by bill on the first dayofthereassemblingoftheGeneralAssembly.To the Editors of the Charleston Courier: were, they right sovereign- tybyforceofarms. ButtheStatesoftheUnionarewhich wasimmediatelyWhas been, 1 will answer when the time comes. 'Thetime has come, and 1 now say, I will not serve underthe enemy of my coimtry, and whether South Caroli- asthe Federal Government, were notof the night.At the Merchants' Exchange speeches" sensions win endand to take care that thereuponexercise the Executive power, to secede from the Customs to retire Union, on account of the violation of the compact byanswer,of theStates,can perceive nothing which requires officers of theor that '* the South and resistThat on theond day of November, instant, and on the dav following,rights,"a. And beitJuTtker Resolved,twenty-sec-naturalupon the most|favored land, with almost a eeni- plete monopoly of the cohon culture of the world, If we were true to ourselves, our power would be Ibtiii- cible, and our prosperity unbounded.call for Virginia to follow. Georgia and Soiith Car-To demand for further everyerallyComntenaBced—TheFngltiTeBlare theirservicestotheseceders. Itissaidthatacom-TIO.V or KLECTIBO A ETC.MiiLSDOBviLLx.Resolutions that the election of a Senator beof fellows, without either moral or pecuniary resources, nre even now forming in the West Ward of this very " Cockade City," for the express purpose of joining the Palmetto Array. They style themselves the "West Ward Trojons," and avow they willfi.elected to said Convention shall assemble at the State Capitol 00 the 17th day of December next.6. And be it further resolved. That the delegates who N. GouaniN, Esq., then addressed the Court as fol- uponpanyand Both are shipping.take up theirmarch, if they can jonrnment from time to time so long as may be necessary sentments of nuisances, and to suggest to the Courtand the of " Bread or biood " would atrid of the ambitious fellows, as the West Ward is to this city what the Five Points were to New-York tenandcivilzation. Hence, it was the purpose of thisthat the Southern States, in the event of a dissolutionyears ago.years since—during the Kansasnumbers wouldtroublesMr. Cc:fNi!<GHAUwould introduce a bill to arm the State.On one was transparencycietyrespect and freat them as equals.A few—a Company was gathered from this sameJury to laymattersjectingber of the House. Agreed to.Mr. Rkad notice that he gaveof Baltimorescenes of turmoil and disturbance, they talked loudly and defence of this State.justice, them.harder-looking crowd, excepting theonwould not desireAll Harylanders stand firm far the Union, and dis-•aaatanance Secession generally, and though there is said, The varmint won't know how to use it arter Senator South^0* cxdtcaent in the Seuth, there will be a peacea- •sohmisdoB, especially if the North shows a dispo- stttoB to repeal the laws interfering with the FugitiveW.___^___ScBttaseBt la TirglBla^N* Prospect of a Bc- cMalaa mt tke Old DomlaiaB.Special Dispatch to the Vew-Tcik Times.doorscrated with sacrifices fb tyranny.AI.10 for the citizens of offending States preventingfrom suing in the courts of Georgia.Slave law.are about to next to the reliance we should penetrate,place in the goodness of that God who will guide us inmitted to travel on our railroads, or other pubUc con- veyance, without the written consent of those having control ofthem. They have no mail Unities, except suchasthefrownersallowthemtohave,andnomeans of communication with each other at a distance. TheytillltA88 XEBT-Nov. 11. If it -were not for the office-holders, the disunionthem are truly and devotedly attached to theirrign, but will hold on tiu so removed,— theyBe. Should South Carolina orgiBla wlU be noncommitlal. She will not[disunion.1 we see hundreds and thousands ofthe laws for the preservation of order, orRicHBon, Sunday,To you, gentlemen of the Jury, I may speak as theters andmistresses,seatimem inage. The Federal officers in this State will not re-—to risk perhaps throw away forever in the wil'lMayorthat tw-o of our citizens had been notified to leave by unauthorized and that this meeting was call-Virgima would have died out some timegive expression and meeting on Dec. 17, the bill passed unanimously. conviction I have had of me fidelity with their owners for their protectioh support;whaseallow, though. Federal troops to pass through her dominionshands at work not striving to protect or ^ave it, butto it over into the precipice down into the dark"says:horror theappalling,"—a sentiment that is generally felt and iji- dorsed through this section.The Union has, indeed, a hold upon the affectionson a white places.be communicated to but few, till some would out of our hands.learn of it, wlio would immediately communicate it to John K. Jacxsoh moved that a commitee of twenty-te coerce into the Union the seceding Ifi Washington they hear strange newsWe cannot but contemplate with emotions ofand them their 'This would lead to an Immediate seizure and execution ofinform Georgia secede, Vir-editor sightsays:States, South. occasionally.Comniitlee frcim theTharlestoii Resistance Meeting,and were received at the cars. 'There triumphantlywas a great Minute M'jn demonstration to night in their honor.long and pleasantly connectedaThe Virginia Senator received a last night stating that Gov. Wibe would beHcB. This is of coarse absurd.As old finn of high standing in this city received cotton S;ate5. Even Gov. Wiai has failed to maketial comraiticc,reportedfollowing:Far instance:tele- in fkct elty on the 4th of March next »1th S,000 .MloutB-to thewith the obligations of his officeLet us, for a moment, confrast' our difficulties w-ith our laborers, in case of division, w-ith the difficulties(lamdiplomaticsourceswhose been generously exercised in theevery good and all ourcitizen wrongsfrom a New-Yorkfkem that the latter could not trade on time—Umcslook so scary.The' Thus and Berald Inform us, to-day, about tliemeeting of Southern students, and their intenUon to secade from Northern institutions. It U considered a1 hours after LiscfiM'a tl',-rtinn, VI h-lp mc Goil.-- It is supposednotice, yesterday,firm,Iinformingwjll never renaaiiithat lie is .niU in PriTi,-....:^ Aiu - P. G. TKLEGRll'HIB A.NH ^iEWJilAPER EEPORTS.is subversive of aU civil and that liberty,capital thing for the Southern Instltutiens wont carry out their intentions longer months, at farthest. _,.Everything is quiet here, notwithstanding leok warlike down in the Suimy Soutll.but they than iixthetimesS.E>TIMi;.NT i.\ .'•OI.T/I CAROLINA.PHOCEKDINOS OFTllS I.&il^H rstances would be regarded with regret, could now be South Carolina,wants of the necessaries of life. , ,. , ^ While those who receive the benefits of thg labors of others, are in mansions, amid easequire.Universal excitement at Umes during the prevailedaddressed fay Cols. Ctnunse,MOMTOOBiBT, FOBB, DoKII«•;as an act of loyal devotion to ScutJiCommittee abill fortheprovidiopIt considers !t unwise for the Seutll to trust to the -Mr. RaiiT offered a fub^^Jt-V, rrtThe fordisunionatlast. SnquireT comes out strongThe report wis unanimously adopted. clTiding portion of the document in full:But who are those honest, sturdy;and yet,beforetheysuch apopulationin thefrmidst,and wouldturned, except thefr leader, a respectable citizen,•Una banks here expect confidence in the Union who, after losing $1,500, hard cash, came back a more culated to produce Uke resalts, and for other pur-The business of the term has been disposed ofand, taerentually, but think there will be much trouble be- " afterwards allowed the wordleft,poses.Mr. AinaioHlice regulations of the State in regard to free negroes. of the United — toryif re- by other Southern States by thus indicating her will-sober and a wiser man than when heThere is a company of cavalry here, composed of very respectable men, who organized themselves soonStates,THI KISieNATION or 8XNAT0K CBX8NUT PBOFO- ominous Import to fifteen slaveholding States. Theafter the John Brown raid. A short time sinceColumbia, Saturday, Nov. 10. Senate to-day, Mr. Mas^hau,, from the Mili-could be which Cana-supplyGovernor imhesitatingly refused their modest request.appliedmy duty, without delay, to prepare to obey its wishes. in the Northernhe's got It."The Press of Virginia differ In views as to the futurecotirse of Virginia In the present state of affairs. TheilWIehn— — Breckinridge-disunlon sheet declared, onthe morning after election, that the Union was dis-pathder the deceptive influence of Abolition incendiaries.impulsesexasperated passion." Whilot we shudder ataccomplishethe dreadfulof Its 1The Senate, in concurred with the night session,House amendments to the Convention bill, and the bill as amended passed unanimously.alwayswhich the responsible duties of Jurors liave lieen heredischarged.To brethren of the bar, whose uniform cour- mysmile of constitutes their highest enjoy- approbationment. They have not been accustomea to claim or exercise political rights, and few of them have anypersons,ed to consider whether we should protect ourselvespushandunfathomabledepthsbelow." AndfanLeron,hestar,ground-is waging from all publictender tlie assurances of my kind and grateful recol- lection.approachUnited Statesfora few of thefr leaders.cause of apprehension from a rebellion of our slaves.whoand that it is the bounden duty ofRnolrid, That the genius of our institutions forbids the punifhinent of a citizen without a fair frial by jury.or imminence of a calamity so;to the Att imeyWe have, therefore, but littleThe Chairman selectedlooirned by any action, however extreme, of theton Sovereignties.ADDITIONAL PARTICCLAR3.officers, invariably been exact in all they were required to doMany of the Northern masters, or employers, if they prefer tlie term, are now in possession of large; good lu.- solemn, but ra.«h cath, when he said "CoLBBBiA, S,C, Saturday,Nov. 10.productiveof thehigliest gratification—1 now tender,ortunes,theyhave accumiuatedbyResolved,lu Uic UnioBtwanty-fourwishes dropped theorlnyfor their happiness and prosperity. service,Government,TIO.N OF CAI IIKG iCoiUMhM, \',eiii....!av. Nov. :aj'.from themeeting, which was laborers whose toils brought these comforts, must WeIOBT, CoRI, S.IZXB,Mr. Mosis offered the ft •Wl.l.y .(.'SolL-t'ofi JIfjoh'fi/, That tbeC'immittep on ]•..:. -o> 'i^^ ,-.|-,^ i...unpleasant.> sentiments genetally prevailed.inatrncted toreport a bill the people of this State,', :,,; ON THE QUM- CCi.-.vlKTION-,only recognized Carolina.Mr. Disicssnas made a reporton Ways and Means, recommendingSENTIMENT IN GEORGIA,COV BROWJi'S MtPSAGK—niB VIEWS l.S REGARD 10THERHiHTOFSBCESBION.living statelyand luxury, and faring sumptuously every day, thefyr - " ^- C'.:,,tiijonoj" Ia.s announced ICmcluiei,adopted.:jor tponemeu'. of the act requiringtelegraphic synopsifofGov. Baows'a .-nessagehas7.spendthefrdaysindwellhigs, perpetualandothers. Conservative The resolutions,„ „;•oluuon of the Omfedcracy.and the formationof a SouthernMr. Black, of York, opposed the wantedmoretimetocanvasstheSenatebill.andinjustice at the bands of those who have wmu froa them tlie hard earnings of the sweat of thtb Gnnrs, should not only be Informed of thefr rights, tot tb«Tshould be a>d di- encouraged to rise in thefr mlgiitvide among them the surplus of sacb Nortbem eapi-talists as have received thefr labor far mutf ytanwithout making just compensation. AflsrtMyliara declared thefr Imiependence of thosf who -tttTM" to be tliefr masters, and who will not associate -wift them, nor pennit thefr &Biilies to assodate wta iSouthern Confederacy.Resolved, That the Committees on the Hilitaty of theSenate and House of Hepresentativcs, be instructed to meet during the recess, and to prepare a plan for arming the State, and for organising a permanent Military Bu- reau andthatthesaidCommitteesbe;YxaciT was in the market, if any wished to buy, thus " YAHCIT for sale," and a third with the rather ImpiousoftheBritish created Government,by it,in the front ranks.inscribed " Bell and Everett vote in theever made. 1660." Another aimounced that Hr. the House of Representatives be instructed to sit duriagwas a case of rebellion on the part of the subject,against the power of the sovereign—In other words, itplacedtheI of the (reneral eassembllDgas a sort of irreverent kind ofhat will you do if Liscolh is elected ?" Mysubjects byit, andtestify in our Courts agabistInterpretedindependence of both those gentlemen. Besides the above, were a couple of German mottoes of striking local significance to the initiated. Cannon were fired,createddo notit derives its powers, to them it is re-equalsThere is no telling where these fearful dis-Unitedthe commonwealth of Sonth Carolina shall suffer no detriment.:States,denyrightany otherwe must guard well our Statefromofficeatthepresenttime. On other Ishouldthe contrary, every consideration of the duty theyowe to the community renders It obligatory upon themthe managers of elections for the several election dis- to defer their action. The retention of office is in aid to her alone, and each would be entitled to thein cases of electioas for members of the Leglslatare, open cally suspend ail commerce, and be equivalent to a any other Government should interfere, and assumepeoplefertile territory, possessed of everyWe must our interests with identifyDominion now than there was a year ago, following the invasion and awfnl end of Jorni Baowsr. Then one-half the people spoke of disunion openly as theirthe polls and hold elections in their respective election districts for delegates to the said Convention, in allblockade, as nothing could enter or leave the port.jurisdiction over them, and take the lives of of anythem upon a charge of treason to its authority, for fol- lowing the flag of Georgia, I would retaliate prompt-andofApolitical circles. Information has been receivedkere that Rivss would decline.if office were tendered half say, Wait and see what .the PresidentUb.Hon.GioasiW.Soiixas,ofVirginia,andGov. elect will do—he has been elected by the itintlceadsetofvoteforsaiddelegatestosaidConvention; and dividualactiononJmOyHNpart.ly, by seizmgof the subjectsof Georgia whose life should thus be Illegally taken. IB*SSM>, of Texas, are named by prominent Republi- aaas as likely to be tendered Cabinet appointments. It 1* syd that the Senate would refuse to confirm eltkw HamT Wuns Savis or Jorni Hncoa Bona as CabiBSt ofllcers.Theresignations of Soathem gentlemen in officeonly one—a Hi. AlLSK, of Georgia—ba^ yet made good his threat.mere qnestloB of policy, and As the cause of the South- ern States is a common cause, and as the aggressions upon thefr rights are common, I should think it wisethe hour of triumph.condition as fast a possible, andkeic do not come in as fast as promisedOb the fourth of March, no doubt, many will foUow olina may lead off in some wild or revolutionarythe State assumes. In her sovereiga the capacity,•*•management of her postal arrangements. Chablxstoh, Nov. 7, 1860.THE RESIGKATION OF JTTDOE HAOKATH. From the Charleston Mercury.;awhichevent fewmenwillpersistInsayingwillbeaonly safety from similar **aggressions.Now more than;Legislature.entitled by the Constitution and laws of the State to voteany vacancy occurring by death, resignation, removal from the State, or refusal to serve, of any personthe said Convention, the presidingment. may be to the protection of the necessaryvoice of the people, and with no ability as a law-maker, he can accomplish little without some unwarrantable stretch of power that must necessarily involve him. in the most direful consequencesLAURENS, Cbablistob, S. C, Nov. 7,. I860.NavalOfficer. needonlyaddthatIregardthequestionofseparate State action, or of tmited action upon the part of allas aright.that their action be common.If the fifteen Southern States of the Union shouldvictory, hasolent For the purpose of putting this State in a defensiveand that if the Union can be preserved with honor, let it,,asa fund forttaSB- militarystroy the Union, even if South Carolina should secede,trict throughout the State shau be entitled to elect and send to the said Convention a number of delegates equal to the whole number of Senators and Representatives which such election district is now entitled to send to the Lcgislaturei and the delegates to said Convention shall be entitled to the same freedom of arrest in going to, re- turning from, and whilst in attendance on said Conven- tion, as is extended to the members of the Legislature.i. And be itfurther Resolved, That all free white mats citizens of tbid State of the age of 21 years and upwards, shall be eligible to a seat in said Convention.We therefore reque^that you should not resign untilthe Northern are our cotton people dependent uponand our trade for employment, and for the necessaries,as well as the luxuries of Ufe, that they could neitherafford to nor to stand and see others do it. fight us, byNor could the Government of Great Britain afford towitness an invasion of the Southern States. We arethe Treasury, as fast as the public necessities may re-qufre its "Millions for defence bnt sot expenditure,a cent for tribute," should be the future motto of the Southern States,JOSEPH E, BROWN, rROCrEDI.\gS or the LEOlSLATtTEE—the 4IIE8-City, biggestAssembly.Now this:'."rich,protect themselves. Theyin-(Mr. Hoeisj was to. The agreedfollowing resolutions were offered bv Mr. L1BI6K1, and were made the special order of the day for to-morrow at P. M. •bill calling a convention of the people, by inserting that an election be held on the Oth of December In- stead of the 6th of January, and that the Convention meet on the 17th of December Instead of the lOth of January.between the sovereign States of which it Is composed.They eaeb oOierStatis, InsteaaprovldiBg nneonditionaUy for a C!on-Judgment, give satlsfSctor; aasniance or evidence of her PiTUSBCKSH, Va., Friday, Nov. 9, ISOa detenalnatlon to withdraw bom the Cblon.I answer that each sovereign State,iBdividtAis onIs steadily calsiing down. Most of those who voted" Shall the bill for a Convention put, " callingandpasshigher power on earth. The Federal Government Is true aristocracy in the South is an aristocracy, B0t4lf bnt the limited agent of all the States, and has no w ealth, but of color and of conduct.Weshouldnothesitatetospendwhatever snnuof money may be necessary, to give proper infarmattonhearing the news of Lnoeui's electionbe sent to the Senate fHere another discussion followed.Mr. AuiucB said that all had favored the Senate'sno means dissatisfiedMr. notice BniBT gavereport from the ComiBlttee on Federal Relatioiis.At the conclusion of the debate the question was tween them, each being sovereign, acknowledges no service of the negro, aod diotild be taught «>« tk*Union,amendment, Hr. Tboktsoh, of Union, said that theascendency of the hwtile, section-Soolh and attempt to Incite oar slaves to insurrection, thaseAa the sense of thisout made decided actionare constaatly arriving, calling onlaborers of the North, and to encourage then, a ease;and so to equallyleave the-in theupper conntrywanted more time.burdens,arising from it, the other parties are no longer bound by it, but mav declare it a nullity, and refuse to abide—All. KXCITXIIKNT CALHINS DOWN TIBaiRIA WILL Reaalved, That In case of the election of the candidate ing declaring opinion South Carolina and In- byGeneral Assembly, that Black Republican to the PreaideDcT of ap-hadTel-Resalvtd,the electionthe United Btatee, will be the triumph and practical plication of principlesineompatible with the peace and safety of the Southern States.brought us to act.Becessary.for aof with the Nortbem difficultyof atothefr own hands that justice which has been so loaa denied them t>y thefr haughty Aswe^Oiand to express the tteoTgia, In the event of Hr. Liscouf's election. In with-,;just cause,the Colonies to secede from the British Governmentstato of in the;xeadiness of this State to cooperate with the State ofHere tlie;mend the callioK of Conventions simultaneously inlution,arguedInstructed to re- port by bill to their respective Houses, on the first day ofplay;Resolved, That the Committee of and Veans of Wayswas revolution—and their success uponThese men knowof Slavery, they would be greater sufferers than thethe recess, and prepare a bill for raising supplies necesBXEieNATIO.NOFTBBrXDEBAL' OFFICERSINtheirexemption, from thepenaltieswho would be able towill, therefore, never permit the slaves of the Sonth to be set free among them, come in compalitioiB with their labor, associate with them and thefr children asthe 19th day of November instant, at 7 o'clock. office.Mr. R. B. Rbitt, Jr., submitted the reso- followingWM. C, COLCOCK, Collector of the Port of Charleston.timate of the Blackrelationsoffice, I deem it due to myself to state my posiUon. Ithe elements of waaltlLplaces,and Souse of Representativestke Senate1.of the State of South Carolina, in OeTteral Assembly con- vened. That a Convention of the people of the State of South Carolina Is hereby ordained to assemble in the townofColtimbia-forthepurposeoftakingIntoconsid- eration the general welfare of the State, in view of herResolved, bvthe office of Surveyor, or Black Republican President.otherunder abynor a State GoveKBment has any more right to make war upon her, for the exercise of this act of sovereignty than they have to make war upon hereveiy cool, dispassionate thinker who has exaaiBedwith the Northern States and the Governmenteign powers. (reorgia determine,we have w ithin ourselves allpower, and national greatness, to an extent po«easea probably by no other on the face of the earth.With a vast andeverykOBC, with 9700,000 worth of claims, without having stitutions," and similar expressions. In all candor, tricts in this State shall, after giving public notice, as of the community. Their retirement would practi- tection of her flag. This they should have. Anpdroi-frespectsin the same manner and form, and at the sameany Not being a leader in her councils, I await the call of those who are, and am ready, at a moment, to obey. Until that call beRepublicans have cordially unite with the General Assembly in any action which, in th^ joda-as elections are now conducted for members ofevent shall stand or fall with her.tritmiphedoverus,I willthe And all persons who are qualified andthe nearest two tree,for members of the Legislature shall be qualified and en-made,I see neither wisdom norpatriotisminanyIn-and the of the liberties of the preservationelected a delegatethe Southern States,toofficer of said Convention shall issue his writ, author-THE POSTILABTES BEQrBeTED NOT TO KESIGN.not as a of questlOBfor an be met sooner or later, I re- commend that the sum of one million dollars be im*izing and re<ioiring the managers of eleetions in the election districts in which such vacancy may have oc- curred, after giving due notice thereof, to open a poll and hold an election to fill such vacancy, as in cases forIn view of the announcesaent which has been made this morning of the resignation of many Federa officers, we desire to express ouv opinion tlut the in- terests of our State and communitywould be jeop-preparingAnd be tt further Resolved, That the delegates QEATB.Judge Magbath inquired of the Grand Jur>* if theyUNITED STATES SENATOB,shall attend the said Convention shall be authorized to receive from the Treasurer the same pay and mileage aa members of the General Assembly of this State now re- ceive. That said Convention may be continued by ad-lowsMat it Plxabe Yodb Hohobfor the nurposes aforesaidsooner dissolved by their own authority, the said Con- vention shall cease and detemune in two years from the day on which the said Convention shall first assemble.Mr. RusTT said he offered these resolutions to avoidPlug-Uglies"reached the ask leave to introduce a bill for the betternegroes among Theyto the Conveation.claimed precedence over election of a Senator.and seldom Kansas" to be men-he thanks for your presence and aid. But now I have somethingmoretodo,theomissionofwhichwouldpeople. they "The result would t>e thatthey of Colt's revolv-In theof what will be the actionof the I consider it State,SenateI herewithits purity, has been suspended. So far as Iam con-; which would oblige us promptly to execute the slaves who should have departed from the of duty, un-These instances would, however, be rare, Our slavesare under the thefr mastersusually eye.of or|overseers.:resign fromappointmentcerned, the Temple of Justice,the Con-Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, nullifying the Fugitive Slave Law.andotherStatesthe Carolina.raised under fititutlon of the United Slates, is now closed. If it shall be never again opened, I thank God that its have been closed before its altar has been dese-likewise.The House accepted enthusiastically Mr. CHistnjT'sthe should be our confidence in our State, right way,ING OF TBE FRIENDS OF LAW AND ETC. OBDEB,AusDSTA, Saturday, Nov. 10. Senator Toombs has resigned his seat.in the UnitedStates Senate.A of the citizens was held in the large meeting:gave providespeedy trial of all persons charged with attempts to excite insubordination and insurrection among slaves,Thereupon Judge HaaBAiB announced his tion in these words :resigna-power regulate laws, tariff's, Ac, and to discriminate against them, and in favor of European States, If we choose to do so, by imposing export duties on cotton purchased by them,or of circulating printed pamphlets, books, Ac, cal-nnder it would be ordinary circumstances,; my dutyprovided, however, unlessand to the country such reforms in law, or in its ad- ministratlen, as to them seem proper. Thesetohnrcoenec,ontrol the acrtyion of the the Habeis,time,noticefore things are pemanentlT settled. IntalUgcnt per- tioned in his hearing. And so will be the fate of the would ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the po- not bb consistent with propriety. In the political his- quired, enter Into a freaty with us to bring tiack our ingnessgavethat,to-morrow,they would,fugitive slaves, and deliver them to us at the liae, ifwe would to a favorable commercial treaty agreewith them, by which they could buy our cotton andBinON TO BAIBE TOLtTNTXIBS, kO.State of which we are citizens has been un- alwaysderstood to have dellt>erately fixed its purpose when- ever that event should happen. Feeling an assuranceequal terms with other na-to Gov. Lstcbzk for aapprehension. Many larg- ers, with which to be armed for any emergency. The tary Committee, reported a bill providing for the Im- That is made by the resignation of the The sentiment, no doubt, prevailswould,to-morrow, protectionwhich have been forced upon us. These Issues in-volve the exlsteace of the Government of which thisCourt Is the organ and minister. In these extraor- be willing to spend money to rid themselvesimportantRetaliator>- legislationlaan on Saturday paid three dollars per day for onetkaasand dollars, on good collaterals. Capital isabundant, but people are cautious. Stocks are depre- at the expense of the generous Chivalry, but their Mr. Caxiw notice of a bill to for the this explanation due to the Court and to themselves. dhiasvpentshaeble to prospeoruirty.own revenue dicate that Georgia intended to submit to Loiooui'aof the land of their nativity, and boasted that they "dinary circumstaBces thefraad Jury respectftilly de-the House adjourn it stand adjourned to 12 o'clock to- cline to with thefr presentments. deem now do, and would find our trade still in- He was opposed to doing anything so early to in-On motion of Mr.RiAn,it was ordered that whenof it."rheywould need ourcotton,astheyMr. SxwABB, of Thomas, favored the postponemant.were genuine, original F.F.V.'s." They went out morrow. proceed They to their We should thenonfor the proper organization and equipment of the same. Judge of the United States, administered the laws of dangerslaves,be speedily sent over the country that Georgia acqui-esced in the election of Linoolh.Mr, SPAULncto moved that the resolution Be on thetable at present. Adopted.A bill was infroduced, heavily taxing manufacturedarticles from Massachusetts, Connecticut, New-York,cation had been laid before the chair:spies amongColombia, Nov. 10, I860. To the Honorable the Prtsident and Members of theof United StatesJAMES CHESNUT, Js. The reading of the letter was following by applause. The Senate concurred in the House Resolutions fix- ing November 2l5t as a day of fasting, humiliation and prayer, and recommending other Souther States to doduce. The of Goverement i be- us, might be able occasionallyandanother paragraph, it duly informed itsof readers that its present kick was the last—that itsown-self was dissolved with the Union—it wouldpear no more oa the face of the earth. The Express,neutral, and by far tlie most sensible sheet hereabouts,is open and avowedly against 'Disunion, and callsupon the people to consider well what they are about gates on Dec. 6, and the time for the Convention cuimected, and to you I now to that their inferiority as a race, and their dependence uponsolved!things generally destroyedanddead. In small cliqueap-and our obedience to its laws. We are ationt to severour relations with others, bedause they have brokentheir covenant with us. Let us not forget that what are entfrely imarmed, and unskilled in the use ofresignation.A tallthe Banks to suspendof our State tiecome our duties. require,arms, A general revolt would, therefore, be impossi-passed authorizing specie payments.the lawsAnd that he who acts against the wish, or withoutwhicli is well Important ofupthe Senate's Conventionmas- and would .shed, in thefr defence,Council Chamber this afternoon. Mayor fiiosain presiding.Thereisthe jiroapect of early secession. The State flag—a red duties the sources of pleasure and instruction, 1ambition beyondthefr present comfortandgreat rejcicing among,the citizens here attesy and aid have made my official intercourse andenjoy-body of men to taJu tiie lawDispatches recelvrd here fromare said to contain assurances of the readiness oftliaof every true Virginian, which cannot and will not be European Powers to recognize the independent Cot- business of the Court to all other ;:introduced toa provide pollifein relationThe resolutionsHelena (Mr. RBSTT)were then withdrawn, and tncresolution offered by the Senator from CUremont Federal Relations, making amendments to the Senate decide and act fir herself. The Union Is a compactMr. WiiiswoKTu interrupted with resolutions relat-to the of it on theircooperation.These resolutions were tabled.The resolutions from the Charlestea meeting werepart. It is an essential part of the law of contracts, that both parties are bound, or neither is bound, and if one violates the contract, the other Is nolonger bound.But I may be asked who Is to judge of the violatioBIntroduced, when the House went into Cammittee otheyand to associate with usjoinupon equal terms. iWtof tha contract !thtf Whole, and a discussion ensued on Mr. ALnaicn's from the very nature of the case, must judge and de-TuobpssB' and Avote was then taken by ayes and noes, when thethejudgeone has a right to reverse the judgment, heeause noMessrs.Blacx followed in eloquent speeches.oppressors.not begin this warfare, bat It has been forced mam "*we should never end till the arc It, aggressorsfor a Convention wasto proceed immediately to Mllledgeville, the seat of the whole number present (one himdred and seven- Union, when, in the of her the com- Eures,duty it shall be, In the event of Mr. Lincoui's election,billcallingunanimously passed,The right of a State peaceably to secrfe from the ofproud and haughty Northern fthnlltlmilsii.Government of the State of Georgia, whose L^ialature will then be in session, to aimonnce to the Government of that State that South Carolina, in view of the im- pending danger, will immediately pat herself in a state of efhclent military defence, and will cordially co- operate with the State of Georgia in measures for the"judgment people,to pacts the Constitution have bees violated, can onlywould afford a rich harvest to those in tliefrwho have been all their lives kept in poverty anaaye."The State Senate met at 7 o'clock thismidst,teen) votingofbe denied by those who deny the sovereljtnty of the States.ent, and all of themthat some have attempted to analegiseof the sand men.tielongedGreat Britain, itof other anyso it was unanimously passed.amendedIt is expected that Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Tex-secede from even for it,to the of rightand to recom-^both States to carry this measure into effect, and to in- unteers. The resolution will be considered on Mon- Union possess no other right. There is no just analo-a crowd have assembled in front evening greatCongaree House, numbering over two thou-andto it. They had never even claimed to be the equals of the Bri ish Crown, nor had that Government ever recognized them as such, or formed any compact with them as sovereign Powers. When, therefore, theyThe Minute Men are also out ining down the main streets and making a grand dis-offireworks.Judge Masbatb and Messrs. Coiraoa, CoLCoek andCnimiKaiuii, addressed the crowd In front of the Con- garee Reuse.portionworld,he raises tq>:As I do not desire that my friendsshall be in doubt as totriumphs,by us, wHl, at no consumaiatkB ofH. JACOBS, Port Surveyor. Missas.EsiToas Thecrisisinouraffairsare maypresentments predicated upon the stabilityGovernment, and are designed to promote itsGeorgia preferred,anyoffice,m the IfthemadnessandfollyofthepeopleoftheNorth-to the before the Court somedepartment which,lieve, has best maintained its integrity and preservedbers m ofslaves,to and revolt,:pro-greatforce, march-The inquiry has been frequently made of me, not the ofResolved, That the Governor be requestedto apply the $100,000 appropriated by the last General ' 'Assembly to the purchase of arms.Resolved, That immediately after the election of theCommissioner to the State of Georgia, the General As-sembly do take a recess until the third Uonday, beil^g na secedes, concedes, or submits, I will resign my they, equal sovereigns,—be allowed tothem—sit on juries with them, march to the balM-the indictmentsbut the events of yesterday seem to render this unne-Clerk of the House of Representatives be required to two sections, and the formation of new- governments, before action. obtain a list of the names of the officers and members through the ballot-box on yesterday, has swept away the people of the Northern Confederacy would no matters, w hichgaveHe regarded the present as a time for deliberatiOB, cessary now. 'The verdict of the Northern section of them from any portion of the Northern Confederacy, andlonger feel that they were connected with Slavery in Mr.all ponlble dealings with Northern cities until this wretches never left a civilized city than those same sions, occupations and Post-offices, and cause the and the public mind is constrained to lift itself above the South, any more than they now- are in Cuba or ment two weeks. He didn't believe inis absolutely stopped.Ailairs here are much excited, and money is very" worse," Voluntares." Indeed, I never saw a orindo.-singthe last hope for the permanence, for the stability ofoughtto be known ttefore the election,of the House of Representatives, with their profes- the Federal Government of these sovereign Statessame to be printed and laH on the table of each mem- the connderation of details in the administration of BraziL Most of the Northern States have alreadySPALDiifo,ofMcintosh,favoredthe postpone-soreplybelongtoit "Theycreateda public expression from all holding Government Should while I1 shall await the action of the and in State,If it is ascertained that the BlackSiBwhich mtist:emergency,mediately appropriatedin the name of God and man, stand as it is.does not look like a deliberate determination to de- 3. And be it furtker Resolved. That each election dis- ardized bv the resignation of the Postmaster here. there wotild be no war, no bloodshed. So many of raising such portion of the money as may not be IBtheelection of members of theLegislature.meet in Convention, and determine to secede from it,suing year;and that be made for prompt provisionMay I not say to you that, in the future which we Few ofthem can read or write. They are not per-from BESIGNATION of SENATOR TOOMBS—tlie commandble. But the more fact,known in Southern society, is, that nine-tenthsof histhority which we must maintain Inviqiate.dation;Marshal, whose zeal ha:j everkept paceexperiencehas everpeopleto seerights respected—withall ofwhom my official relations have beenthe use ofthe strong arms of w-hlte laborers among them, who ever influential and respectable, of anv powers ofState, usurps that sopereign au-The House then tookbill, and after a prolonged discussion, and the adop-tion of amendments lixiag the time of electing dele- representative of the Jurors with whom I have t)een the last drop of their blood. They feel and recognize The stated that he had received informationcouldTheresignedFederalofficials weresent here as a TotheofficersofthisCourt,withwhomIhavebeenso theirmasters, put upon guard. onebeappointedtoprepareaseriesofresolutions.of the this State,whosc ability and fidehty.in the discharge of his duties, merit the highest commen-respectable and influen-whichOn the opening of the House of Assembly to-Jay as the last official act which 1 shall here discharge, have labored and toiled and sweat,That the how- assumption by individuals,ing his position as a Senator of tiie Utited States. the spectators and auditors, as Judge MAoaAva di- pensatlon o;which, in health, has barely enabled thetmothemselves, in a denying Mr, M'uALXY offered a resolution that the resignation vweosrtnedwihtihmsaeclcfeopftatnhce,Judicial Raonbde,hownhoirc,htoheclhaaidm hesfurppfaomritlies most of the comsfiomrptlseofstlyifle, and in sick-the banks to have Aone-ihird of gold and silver to two-thirds of their issue. already ;been published. Below we give the con- duced by thefr ow-n hard labors.laborers, who are Tt'.- n«ce6j;t>- cf fivBpt ac-Jon for Uie reiJc' c( \be " Whether the sovereign w-.-i ef the {eople of the kept IB a position of inferiority to 'icse who assumeThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Document;which the Northern who have laborers.w-ould have with tharall ourspeedily redressed in the forms provided by law.to theClerk,uiy kindestThe manner and the act were equally impressive for weeks, and months, and years, in thefrannounee J that heceived a communication from Mr. Cms^cr, resign- and affecting, so tliat there were few dry eyes among and have received from them in return a meagre cum- community.of tneResolved, That if the existing laws arcitiiniseunfsf,icitehnet for the protection of the of o.irproper course is to apply troigthtes Legis-ature to amendbe accepted. He said that what tmder other circum- the Independent position faindedliptyrivileges of a citizen of ness has loften left them in destitution, and actual andmodify them as the interests o<. society may re-for business,theSpeakerhad re-its tendencies are tatal to the vital interests3Each State In the Union is in of can read and and with point sovereignty the write, corresponde^ual of every otheraijother for any of the attributes of So long as all the States abide in fasiotvhereigtnhetiyr. con-stitutional engagements to each other, and the com-pact is not a State can withdraw from the violated,Union w Ithout being guilty of bad faith to the others. If,hoWever.thecompactis violatedbytherefusalof part of the contracting parties to abide by it, and snb- iiiit to itsabout the wrongs infiicted upon them.withdrew from the of GovernmentwUl, if thefr conduct is good,question: requiring for the exercise of any other one of her sover- em States shall drive;aiid neither is dependent upon11.? for cotton. Four millions of tlieGreat Britain look for the means of their support to the cotton crop of the Southern States of this Union, An invasion of our soil, which would cut off a single crop of cotton, would shake the pillars of the Engli-shFriday, Nov. 9.of the and the navy of Great Britain in our favor,elected he would if the Interests of instantly resignConstitution to prevent calling a Convention through a resolution.notice that, on to-morrow, heMr. BuTLsa offered a resolution that the Reading the COBfede/acy, solemnly announced to'the country This is a great error, in case of a separation of the they needed all the light that could be obtainedthemlarge processescape,ofNewtown, urgedthe;prosper.tosubmittoLiscsia'selection. Heconsider- ed the safety of the South w-as'to act as a unit.Mr. LAWT05, of Chatham, favored the utmost delayof the election of Senator. There' w-as no necessityof action, as Georgia will be represented in speedythe Senate till the 4th of March. He agreed with Hr. SiwABs that so speedy an indication to submit to the election of Lincoln wonld place Georgia in aatago-sell us theirtions. A similarmade with the EngllBh Government, byda would no longer be the harbor of fugitive slaves.goods upon freaty,for a like reason,in case we shouldto separate from the Northern States, and to form anas the news wouldfrom thefrattempt nismwith her sisterare to l>e held in terror over us. already attemptedI do not pretend to denythat Northernto incite small num-differentmurder families of innocent women and childrenand often m obscoilty, and denied, even in sickness, the comforts of Ufe, pro-miserable doomed to huts,1justsufficiency of the cause eadi sovereign State mnstthat the States of the sovereignHe does not to the menial class. belongit abuses the trustbysides,in the participate choice ofin right resume the powers respectively delegated to it by them. Upon my mind there is no doubt that Georgia or any otherState in the Union has ait whenever theperfect right in theirfremand that itsif submitted tolead to thetheState or Government to coerce her to return to it. Inhanging uponsuch Government for each citizenlocalities,byupholdingment. In cast- of a plot or conspiracy, the secret allow an unauthorizedofpeopleofShould a takeand the NntkeiBas equals, should be Invited to our staashould be liberally rewarded for thefr ser*iea£Southwhite laborer is respected as an equaL Hispoor fUBtly respect. TheBeareis in no sense of the term his equaL Be feels utdlmowsinferiorcastin which he livesas Government, army It was well known who and when1 am aware that the opinion is entertained by many, Georgia and the South requfred it.they now are, in reference to the recapture of their fugitiveslaves as it is said ;to keeping candidates here on expense.and by which we could recoverMr.The Legislature adjournedFridayHoBday.andbut that the highest members of Uie so-of thehis children with the knowledge that thev beknw to botheir—claim sociad equality with them—and askthe hands of their children in marriage. That the ul-designbring about this state of things in the Southern States,this cumstances.light of all the surrounding Cii- us tp a separation from them,riglus pec^ileof wGehoircghi,aw,haeganifnisutsthheedfwuirtheraggreswsilolnsboefanenemrm,States,theR'sohcd, That we live under a Government of law,were onMigitk i'og-*.]'.Republican Par^ is to www.fultonhistory.com 