 10 £AftBXBT OF THE B&filGIA BOY. Vktt Taay lar-Tkt Hsaats of takeJfEW YORK HERALD. MONDAY, APRIL 23,I H J SWmmer—I areMeals,Ac.• neg ever «a« bar t t e respe ' T« esiaats. The iniormatien h d i fctrdryof the two eon colled fromareTHE SUBDAT LlftUOE LAW.Aaather Aaortlve KaTwrt U> Kitrawrdlaary BUadaess•/fdhaRasa, I*tt«s» ttmsl Llnbmrfcer 1m Fttll Bla.t-Arreat f*tttFew 0»aaflw»a,d¥en d¥c. It was hoped by the piou. nopttof ^ * Y o r t ^ tTte tporttog frrtei stay ara to a farar9ateatog anasagi (r«aa Halifax,atf Ite "aeattae Bay" aad tte probable prevention ef Ike greU piiaa igfct, nave throw* a dark shadow waVOes •Haras E^^V^HrVCIIBi BSOBBJS) BSBJP BwrovTT IB UWI* •iBtjs imm ofaoiictoattaofreaabtoedheattoaad, awtaptertoeUy apiatlag, producedvrt Heenanfrom aghteg, if he choosestodoso,and oayesterdayalliteBqaorestoWttlUttsntti,fromIte maf- that tbe contest baa already doubtless teea decided.at AMThree b a n of athe eveaang papers, aad t t e <•"• paraaad eenfewaled at tte resart. Oa tte semeefitemsweartthiasaatensptttih)awbttrfogeantte partofHeenantogetcatattteaffair,aadendeavorto neat an bonerable retreat; but a bttle argument pro and cm producesttesamecoacrusxtnwe have noticed ette- wbere, najasry, that Hie aa event which win not pre-awetv-The poMoe of raieuao, dash-tag to lav thesr to eer«aiavaaiwv^ataaatoo.waa,setoffanew^«*f^rtm^._ atitm.badtakentoStoat,nrsetoa^tZhntogn;ttere,»nwatt,pads«wassad;est of tte latter, a charming andmarredto arespectableattorn, *•*•*»» * « ,fasaf*JMa*efcea*a«J to safewifeoftbecelebratedadvocateof^ai^anTS awamaaTaaawaaBBBBBB aaa tKta TMP•.•!•••_• U a w U a . i Z T T ^ TM ^wen, through a haie ia Ite back part of all trewatra, the lmpreaasafk^raaaW that tte jarlttafc obsatpisB had secured tke arrest of Hsaaaaia, an uaderhandkscenttyandtickofapassagethroughHurlgato;and, by ao doing (if deatinaUon North rver), would saveteea naked aatteresult,bjtusfinael pride tea teas d, aad TBUWOSSwho, if sack aa affair had takea wahia ear owa bordera wseto hardly kevs known «fa,sowwatchwttbatsnteeariosByevery movemeet oftteavd-vweeiwashasiserageoualytakeaItnpoaUfaasunlimitedquantityefbrancurrencylatheirfaces,irons their hearts, and the tmallest ponfbie amount of cop per in their pockets, Glad enough are w e to get out ofsuch a oenpsol of hu ilty aad breathe pore air again. We perambclate towards Broome street, where are the hratiquarteraofHeenanaadateprincipalbackers Itis alsothefinancialdepotfromabashteagone forthmuchma pan or ao incredible transport of fury—eat ef than* M part of te incrediole transport of fory—individtiata thrown Intopiteete tte most WafsttutelJptotoeofbeingleiptwaaiilhiatecasern flhssati esaee (teaawaaad*ta*1^rd* ato_ *__ * » ..£?J& »£* » •**••*«x«"plaof,aadtoiXJ^lFS**11* 9 ? *»° MfdrbAeatee-l Chiaera.of tbe Telle d'Olmo. aadthe moat horrible treatment, auch u the "tte "angelical instrument," starvation. 1door, etc., without betog brought to eenfan to eel tbey bad Bern committed. Ibis atthen seized on tbe wits of Chimera, a youagaadasme woman. After having perpetrated on ter the •net abominable violence, he t e a asr faVdamaalea « Omen, aad pare aer up u>the fsnsatty ef ku mini. Sti'SSr^ ,f^ denj ta Uof state, wtthsnt solidA correspondent writing from Omaha City, Nebraska,says - T h e Pike'a Peak gold mania is the engrossingthought of the people of the West In Missouri all tbertver towns are filled with emigrants on the way to ths ElDorado; and tbe roads to the route to the diggings are get an answer, I left him far In my rear. My course stdally met large numbers of covered wagons, loaded wttb this time continued to the west. Boon after thai little ex-emigrants pretsing thither. The mania, aa it is called, is perience 1 entered a beautiful whim cloud, which o b yoners to toiorm them that Chimera'a wtfe*bad ccefeased.a perfect godsend to the people of the West. One firm soured t t e earth from m y view; the atmosphere being here tells n their sales are from $260 to $600 per day. Intensely humid, I discharged more ballast and soon felt aet (en to convey aay idea of the so*nee andtoeideato,the hackers have every confidence in bla trainers and se- kiiBg picture* of Hte aad naure with which Bach a mid sec ire for him equal privileges with those accorded to hiaculated tne following note, to wit — IIK.VSRA! OEDIB NO. 186.Tbey still persated to their denial, and h e then had re- course to a mode of torture of •that description la impoaetble.yielded, and confewed whatever was ia * hi UMT ia emBelbsaed. We pasa by tneoyawr cellars,u n c i gr«< erire, and other vile deaa or toe Iswer ten- veteran opposes t.«K, re-n.ng wnh uitn of every eeecripttoa, where con grf eate w e tmavea, isaiera, vagabonds and roogha gene rally, • t.o beet and howl by night, aad whose aboaina *»>»* maxe vbem than the light of day, and commence w a s tne more orderly and reapacUble placea of reaort, wnere a a<an is not la i t e tame danger ot having his head punched or pocket picked. The Qret 01 Iheae which recsivedear aueaiiou waa aa estahl ahment in Grand street—an old ktthk n*o hngitab beose, and a favorite resort for Bigltah atMeters sac seereeg mea generally, who love their '• artand-ar*,'andtnedelightfulcommunirmofaenti- eaaat which a few mwga of t t e tluid ia apt to engender.a a only t*n o clock, aad there are not many la at yet;bat from the oonvtravion which tells upon the ear aa w eenter wecm the prize Cgo: a the prevailing topi.5. It• a t'ttit! awkward to intrude oneself In a aqoad oftimes IbmjTT SUFKR'DT.OFPOUCK, \ Nsw YOBS, April 21, I860.>Boats are arriving almost daily from St. Joseph and St Locia. Domestic goods s n i groceries are sold at an ad vaJice of 26 to 30 per cent over Eastern prices. In a tew weeks now the gran upon our plains will b e sufficient alone to sustain stock well, and then will pour westward a tide of emigration heretofore uneooalled, and be notmore geamlair, and came to eight oftte beautiful area of level country, and what I thought to be an excellent place for landing. I took aaotber more minute view and the prospect looking very promising, I thought I would forego my original intention to land. I aeon ciscovered that tbe Ganymede wta Bailing through the air at a rapid rate, and the beautiful land which I wa-bad tbem thee taken, wttb aU t t e .to tbeplacewherettecrimeweecommitted,aomu they might repeat before e magktrato, aad to t t e ia too great, ii nas been forfeited and paid by hia friends,aad tbe tight air*ady takea piece. One of the party says were five rose of inclined seats, very comfortably ar he had a bet on sayers of one hundred to ninety, andhe range! and commanding a full view of every part ot theroom, which were soon occupied by pearly oca thouthrough the medium of his friee-Ja, because of a lack of York These spectators were admitted on cards is-eeeadcuce in banted*; bat tte idea m indignantly scoutedat ay tbe whole crowd, and they agree to a man that he sued especially for the occasion, so as to exclude all im• as brave aad boaorable an eppenent as ever stood proper persona, and sustain the dignity for whichthe within tee area af a prise ring. There is some disposition drills of tte Seventh regiment have been characterizedpolicemen, as a class, ate fit subjects for blind asylums, being troubled with very defeclive eyesight on all occa nm.< when 'seeing" Implies "doing." Besides, It tt not necessary fcr policemen to look, even if there should bapren to be rem shops in full blast on the line of theirDEAD EXPRESS FREIGHT.»•! ,'' writing on tbe subject of the manner of disposingknow tbe package h n not reached its destination, theMr. Joseph Oorry came to my assistance in securing myballoon, and then invited me to take supper at hia bojae.to which I readily assented. He then conveyed me teWestfleld, and from there I took the cars for Newark, prium, by the pleasure of Director Manlscalco. Tte po-will take another of tbe same kind, but his com paaioas all tl.tak the same way that he does,and aocontroversyarisestomartheharmonyofthisrecord.via ElizabetbDort, where I remained until seven o'clockSocensureiieenanandbistrainersformovingawayfrost thtee paces, when, by jadtciois management such aa baacharacterize*!ttecourse offieyera,heaught have secured quarters t a eligible, safe and free from Interrup-The supervision of providing seats for th's large audience wasentrustedtoQuartermasterL.W.Winchester,oftoo Seventh; Colonel Welsh, AttttantUbmmifsaryGeneral; andlawandshutupshop«altogether,butthegreat bulkof ths bar rooms and drinkirg Raloons were, as before stated, infullblast,wbilsothers'bundedthedevilinthedark,' bavirg tfcf ir doorfl. to be sure, closed, but their windows urshuttertd in such a way as to invite the passer tn toherecetpstvtosellthepackages,letItbedonejustlyand 'airly to all. the balance over tbe freight to be subject to thecalloftheownerwithinareasonabletime.INCREASE OF PAT FOB OFFICEBS OF THE NAVT.Aeua, referring to this Convention, nve:—From present apWestartagain. Thistimewebringapatagensfaplace, oa tte east side of town, where tte spiritual light-atng atso strong that tt eimett reqnirea a throat to be honor of tte first day of tte week, "oommooly calledthe door bait a dozea knigbta srefstttag at s rawed table. Oathsfly about ia oataagniar dimensions, and an odertf eroasoceanofsmoke,frompipesaadBegan,greetseverylined to its nine hundred sad ninety ninth intharespect,for ram flowednfrnryaadCans ot opening a diacuaaloa m Csavrren, asternsikraet the attention of commercial men to the advantages that must resultintteopeningefHarlem riw fromhasttoandto accomplish this I dieoharged some ef tbe ballast frommyoar,wenchbadItedeBh^aea^ toeanonstomCountess RoechibUe,wbGEO. W . EMBREK, Chief Clerk. In accordance with thin notification, Mr Deputy Super- intendent Carpenter caused each of the captains ol police conds, and believe that they will do all In their power to to be apprised of the wishes of tbe Commissioners, and cir-0V^£5J ? '?1" *** «~«»«J. «> ebtatoed,line. A t this juncture the scene was interrupted by tb •arrival of a number of officers of m e Brazilian corvetteDunna Isabel, which sailed from this port yesterdayVotirappearancewas'grettedbyapplausefromtheregi-movements Approaching the group we find him ment, and signitcani smiles from the ladies. Tbey were ois public houses and saloons to comply with the law, •wearing to monstrous proportions over what he calls proi ided with foremost places to witness the drill. but lew pisees betrg opened. There were some few who the foul p;a» of the backets of the British champioa. Alter the arrival of the companies in battalion line. ?«-em rtter mined to trst tbo right of closing th<-m up, andfknltlers autre and the invariable big diamond breast pin. whtca a.wa>s accompanies •' the m an about town,' a a ot tec professional gentleman who has been betting largely onHeenan.andislikelytobepostedastorrsDuring the evening there was every appearance of a detertrueationonthepartoftheproprietorsofthevarlbe made during fts progress^A book connected with tbe history of A r m waa latelynates htm—has been 'n FtgIan 1. he ban Keen driv, n from g>Uiar to post, with a view to interrupt his training and throw obstacles in bts way which sha'.! p'event hts ap- pearingonthegroundinpropercondition.his d.rection a r>'gim> Lt±l dress parauc was conducted, by opening tbe ranks, arm? presented, and the common ; of Colonel Uiferts, who occupied a position opposite tte'tnueotthebatuiton. Thetroopswere thenexerthr:vxk' business. Man? places bad every appearance of being closed, but by a little exertion an entrance could be resbi-y lound by a rear or side door Acting Gen. Super- intendentOri>enter madeatouroftbecityduringtheLiving at No. 124 East Broadway. Deceased and a mend named John Crinion had been spending the evening at the residence ofdeceaseds brother,andwereontheir return borne, when they met three Germans at the corner of Canal and Orchard streets. One of tbe Germans, it is alleged, jostled against deceased, when the latter turned around and abused hia assailant. A quarrel then ensued between tbe m en, which finally resulted in a scuffle and the German being thrown to the ground. The Germansols of twelve pages only, but it is valuable aa being tba first book printed at Ghent The book hitherto supposed to be tbe first wss published in September, 1488- but that nowdisposedor,asappearsfromanote ontheback,ap-Our tail friend says be hasn't any doubt whatever that ctsed in tbe manual of arms, including the charge bayo day to notice if the captains fully oarred out the orders the- arrest of Heenan waa entirely brough, about with a net, unfixing bavoaets. etc., all of which was executed oi the Comni'ssioners by directing their men to report each view to teep him couuned in praon for t**o or more days with mechanical precision: each repetition being execu and every p ac<' Iced open. There were no arrests and thus disturb tost phytictl equilibrium whxh his ted butter than the other, and the audience—aming whom made ciuept m the Thirteenth ward, where Fred. Pope eraisio? is so essential to preserve. He tiiks "free" and were a number of miliary men—evincing their appreci John Sterling and It Xiel wore lockel up to wait an ex tbriiolc: end a Bayers m m in the crowd—little hut ation of the Style of execution by several rounds of ap amirat on The number of places kept open, however, p'neky—brings him up With a round turn by apoafcily plauae. throughout the city, with open doors, will not fall shortof •tting for proof Tali man says h» s got t, -clacks of Tbe regimental Inspection then took place by the three hundred.of property naturally created great excitement, and thecitizens of Charity, with commendable spirit and energv, atonceinstitutedproceedingstodiscover whownto-.guilty party. From circumstances that to them seeme: peared to April of that year. to justify tne course, they arrested about two hours afterWe pas i down the side of the room, dodging Washington Gray troopbt'herd c aw aa we go, and ia a mjmoat have the proud Tbe left wing will give a similar exhibition to night at aataafanio t-ef an introduction to a gentleman distinguish tbe same place.ed for hia aognacious and pugilistic propensities—a tho-deck, and was said to have been seriously.injured.H llllaiiiabarg City News.AMAT DATExot'ts—Tbe consolidation of tbePeckwoaafi in the back penetrating to tbe lungs, which had •=v>sfjtly been isfllcted with a sharp poleted knife. One of tie wouiid* was about one and one half inch to width, p<nrtratirg the lower obe of the left lung, between the tenthandeleventhribs Iheotherpenetratedtheright lung, between the eighth and ninth ribs. Over a poundFXMTTTOX is SOCTH CAROLINA —In accordance with the the gamir-g bouses at Spa—Of the sum ao obtained, six- sentence of the Coort, John C. Terrell, who had been con ty five per cent to tte town of Oatend, twenty five loroughg.>i» l,ablebodied,braes mounted representative Tlte of the all edworbtag P. R Wetake a glance at hiafare to set » h* the Hon is docile, and commence conversation • He ealy proceeds a mile way, howHoay KxprcssRoate"to California. TO THE kDITOR OF THK HERALD.slip and Roosevelt street ferries to Williamsburgsubsequent placing them under the con of roagtilated blcoo waa lound in the cavity ofvideo of causing the death of his g'ranofttlier, Ananias Pluakebberghe, and tea to Chaudefontalae Then fundsGraham, by poison, w n hung at Bennettoritle, 8. C., on are to be exclusively employed to local improvements, tte18thteak undertbecontrolofgovernment(IVSK STOCK OF Sxwrso MAcm\as.—About one hundredand nity banda have been recently discharged from Letters from S t Petersburg state tbat the Russian go-Wbeelor &Wilson's tewing machine manufactory in F w vernment will not join ta any protest, and the Muscovite Bridgerort, Conn., in consequence of a felling off In busJ pren, especially t t e Jem-Mai Francaii of 8L Petersburg,WjtsmsGTO.v CITY, April 18, I860.ever, before < h e gate into a current, and :a point My attention has been drawn to a letter in your paper the fare for foot passengers to three cents and condition, but the stomach smelled strongly ofof talkswiagahimselltarbeyond ourreach.He oftheI2»hmat.,fromGreatSaltLakeCity,whichrepre therefusingofcommutationticketstotheresidentsof tbeprerenceofbeerorsomeotherintoxicatingdrink. k« absolutely overloaded with iaformation about flght- seam that tte "pony express" ia not running on my route Williamsburg, has had tbe tendency to ruin the prices of A jury was then Impanneled, and after viewingnets rieUes.Tbemarketisstockedwithmachinesof.allva*maintainsthatthecessionof"avoyIsanisolatedfact,not affecting tte general policy of Europe.Tte election of Deputies to Chamberry. to tte Parte. meat of Turin yield tte following results —7! nineteen deputies for Savoy and Nice, the party favorable toFrance bave sent sixteen.Tte Paris Pair if saya —Some journals hare announce*that France has acquired tbe principality of Montoo. Itmg-seems to hoow everything and everybody, aid glidesglibly along c aor fat* aad rancy, v.vidty Ulastratiagto from Camp Floyd to California, hut Major ChorpennlngVreal estate tn the latter piece, from tne fact that tenants the body of decened, the further investigation of the case wus poslnoneo until nine o'clock this morning.are unwilling to remain at the mercy of au untcrupulous Greenan was a nat.vetf Ireland and was 26 years of ferry company, whose only deaire eDrteers to be to mak* age. He was in the employment of Mr. Gregory, themoney, Irregardlasa of the wants of the public of both brass founder in Cannon street, and waa always looked cities on this sccoant rents in Williamsburg have de upon as a etearly and industrious workman. On tteTHS GBORGIA I/ITIKKHS ASOUHHED.—All the Georgia lottery grants are foreclosed by prohibition of the draw togs under a penal enactment or the State Legislature, to take effect on the let day of June next. Tbe act w n pasa ed in November, at the tost legislative session, and tne owners of legalised granta are making arrangements to rloee up t t e bneinees. People who ar* m t t e habit of paoar minds tb. »teanties of m m mills and ram millersBtea, mauleys. *«bs, smellers, ogles, peepers, claret,wriad aad aaoscl *• which make us a- ramdiar for the m >taeat with the aecanicaliuea of the ••prefeeastoo" as if express tt running ss follows — aw were born in *he prise ring itseif, aad ted drawn ourpap fioat a victo "aaos sponge. We anally bring him down From Camp Floyd to "Short Cut Pass," sixty-four miles, to oar own point wf compass, however, and find him a on my route of the fall of IBM:thnce to "Haaanga' strongSnyarsma*- lideed.itisaooticeeblefeatureof Pan,'onehundredandseventymltee,onChorpenninga tte | infassliwiil &i '•*»aw character oa this side of the wa- extension of my route, made that winter, and thence to tt* , that nearly ail tateta either strongly espouse the cause Genoa, three hundred miles, oa m y outward route ofcreased twenty five per cent, and on the flret of Mar a geaeral ezodua to New \ ork la expected.AuatiiDOtTBAtiKoxACHILD._AmannamedPaulMc Dermot was arrested on Saturday last, charged with vionight of tbe oiflloulty he bad probably been Indulging toaf tteBritishcte anBtoooroccupyaaeotraiposition.138*—thattt,formorethantwothirdsofthewayfromhaveneverpractical^'!&9* ttepleasuresfbeingpugilsrticaily pounded wi *sa ka artakJe precincts. We (Bade longer than mine; and hence the reason why the Mail ateinquiryofourttttt'"fMaocook"whythlewasao,Company,aswellaatheexpress,havepreferredmine.theBrooklyn,ED.,FireDepartment,washeldonSaturaadherephedthatttw.»owingentirelytotheconfidence Tbewriteroftheletterreferredtosays,thatonmyre whichSayershaderesb>dbyharepeatedotaaqnesta,aadturnfromUarsonvalley|I"struckChorpenningsroute, tte absence of any simu Wprestige is fkror oftte Bsaioia thirty miles west of Camp Floyd " The truth tt, I never Bay "Bat."wesaid,by 'wayoffjpttiaf upatattlecoo struckhisrouteatall on myreturn,butstruckmyown troversy, (for there a not hiag like contradiction to draw outward route at the distance mentioned from Camp amaneat),"tewtttttha•Sayershasescaped arrest, Floyd,and thue madethewholereturn routeentirelywhile Heeaas, a stranger i * toe country, m nabbed aa my own.persons were present, ArrivalsandDepartures.wJTMaspreviouslyreported,wasconcludedyesterdayby CoronerJackman. Tbeevidencewenttoshowthaton Thursday deceased was found lying on the sidewalk at thecornerofThirty-fourthstreetandEighthavenue.Onefortheopeningofnavigation. Afewdaysagotheehan pondentwrites—--Jcannotnypositivelywhethertte nelwntiledwithwatertottedepthoffourfeet,and wagersweretosterwea;but1canattesttbattoeawneverythingfoundsatisfactory.Thisplea,adoptedtoJuly,betweenttebeckwardnenoftteseasonaadttetradi- 1869, by the Canal Commissioners, crones the marshes oa tional precocity of tbia tree w n moat closely contested 1 anelevatedlevel,bydispensing with twolocks,andby examined tte tree carefully OBthe10th,andtantheresoon as he can be caught. It took* a rfttte auspicious. '•Wed,"herephed,'*yet.'staydependuponitthatne Kn«lahsaaatakeaadvaaaage ofJohnHeenan HeagoesIn regard to the sneer of the writer about <• wells with- kdwart Saunders. KdwartiiRandau 8 0 N a X o T * w £ ^ f . Soon after being locked up, deceased became very BJ, and not anticipated tbat tt will again be required.takesble Invea 10 be aeen. The generai impjtamon, how- aver,isthaithstreehuloatonto:tbattherewasnoleaf aufflckBtlydevelopedtorweerbyoatte20to;andthat tbe mtscarriage ia to te attriboted to tte troubled state ot theworld,ateperhapstothewrathofthePope.'k.meeiftatrbafor a««brnlSB, 'aadifIamtamistaken racowithinaeintervaloftendsya, havebeenrunningchicken, teafaaght aad been shipped." "WeU. ttsaarluceeesfuUy on my mire northern route, and that m yAt a concert at the Palace of the Tuilertae, lately. M a- _ .boinpaon: SamuelBatea J Richard the body had been made by Drs. Beach.ana' Gallasher dean clouda of •moke wttb difficulty. GrnA exertions dame Alboni w n perceived by tbe Emperor to fan^hereeatognEnglandtomakea,rholofhim*w '^*TM5 crowedII kaow him too waB I n thai. Lwuatat.jrae teastdoneaoalrsadydependuponit" ^M-UfWwir«nTnwawd«!^ arettepria cioa! point, pertmeat mtats awaach of tte m wttw^wtuckonSaturdaynightanunknownmanwasfoundlyingupon&RBIOBjCocitT.-Part 1 adjourned for tte term. Part 8adjournedtoTuesdayseatenumerated or non enumerated. Applicants for admie atontopracticemustfiletheirapplicationsemorbefore*JZJ?lf*J *??_**•* £ W wwebcitfromour'Tir^ext!ocai;tyttaacartel!shmntlaMercertttrest Bare, too, Saisri a**.rradoaiuaWi, kfid fio« Wv^nsextricated tte foesd,Fiomltefornof ate atell, it appears that the tertto* t . .party, u well as myself, believed our more .southern, or TM*J •* "•••"J return route, though thirty miles longer, still better in re-aw, , . ,anllsi'1 • * „ ^ *M ^a,why not spect to grade, wood, water aad grass.son Sin lee. >'n Sanh Marks, O Maoomber. H H WeTl*.were required to prevent oas or two dwellings from betog consumed.Court Calendar—This D a y . Sr«aTnCouariwQex!irit.--Partl.-Nca » 7 , 616, $0», »4P,9S*jMO,oa* MT,691,Ml,«8,981,$94,awllOOB.iota.ico»,ion.low,i«f Fan$LN«. 7$$,ni,$*9, J»,M0,8M,Me, 872,710, 878,880,888, 884,886,898,with a bran of programmn, which tte gstted•»?*•** twisted, with much itgenuity into the form of ttatwTM and coquettish female appendage. Wttb Ite gaUaatry for which tte French Imperor ia prowsrbtol, tePrtaoen CleUIde for ter tee. aad 11 iiBBti I B Is 1 Alboai. Tbefol'owingdayttedelightederatste ttebnutlfnlandTatuabb)gifttotomentectlramos.Tte Emperor of Auatria tea P « * * h , d J " * l * * * m* -tended toprcmcto tte^ • ^ i ^ S e ' ' ' Croatia. Ttarsy!vaato, tte wstvodan aan teaftt'lrX^JBP '^-TteeSTB .^• — mead, aad am.«fMSf .ong of tomasras oa » y d eAndrew Mot'lacbanand ntocs, W A McLean, Bugo Hanal' ktnt,AWarrer,BJBerriek.JLAllen WatWlllhtooH OorhVs O W Watkrna t tia'dmaa. C8 Crooss. Hkutokell aad wtfa. W t Bright, LM Jobnaon. Mark Bennett, BsaOe m BBFwith.JaaaeMetier,LTPcentallas.TfMiller,Wenmgb to a n himrtroymga180011quantityofhqatfmr hearth ate© west down, we hiid him goodata'**h ,^'VK,?bibbedhielastTbebodywasthentakenthesewhicharenowfoundontbecoastsefAteaadof. Western Africa.In tte Chamber of Deputtea of t t e Grand Duchy of Bte*D,toU»siUtogoftte30thutt,tMaMSt«i proposed bytteeMBmttteeforIteretoettonottteConcordatwas, afterananimateddebateoftwedays,adoptedby46v«to 16.laauattoa.'»*"a**taaI have just called at the office in this city of the President of tbe Company, Mr. Wm. H. Russell, and learn that thsoutwater"oamyroute*.Ihavethegratificationtoknownotwithstandinghereceivedpropermedical attendance he continued to sink, and died tbe day following hia in- carceration Thedoctorwhoattendeddeceased:andtte keeper of the prison, were not aware that deceased's skull waa fractured until after a poet mortem examination ofNo evidence going to show bow deceased received M. oeea dasra at H t ^saaaittet, among a There can be no conbt, from the oootemptuoos manner « ta s'sa^sie?" ^ T , • T h ° '8 • * • J r ' wmm*ewsaaSJaad his m.urtes could be elicited, and in the absence of auchFIMmTBBDISMALgwaar IteIrsintteDismal Swamp la still raging furiously la some places, and tte lightsad smokeare visiblefrom Norfolk. Tte flamn nearly reached the track of the Norfolk ana Petersburg railroad, and a t o n e time the cars passed through thsthattheMailCompany,asweUastteponyexpren, there ike a gentleman, tew i tahavad like one, he'a got which has recently brought Intelligence from San FransmfrageV^Mrbumtell,MksBurnetii,andlWintheU w . . d rak. P Bern. Wm B BenderionTlDBocbeleStf jf kvtng, and there s a t a ataa wte lronld see htm harw*«d knows nothing about them personally has been greatly Bicn«os;>. rac-steaaasato Jamestown-,!no nil««*th a•portirg cotamnatty who eeeaea apea sporu tor their te wbtob yoar eorrespoadeat speaks of my routes,thathehut Heeaan has tesa at Uaaaeeosa *ry towwa where the deceived by others, or has tesa Isflnsacod by otter than aimcis. WW Ariiolo. Sa*omnaSmV« « LtowaaSSSfrJtproof the jury were compelled to render a verdict of 'Death from compression of the brain, caused by frar" lureoftheskull,butbowortowhatmammrttefracture wasreceivedthejuryareunabletoaay" rjeceaaedwaa about 60 years stage, and. edging from bjs aimearanwpar^hdartymanhas tttsanoit aWwteas commoaaw bn,aad te tea teea otaam«adto leave orh» That's tbe wacea atory." • * : » aatd by aeeaa •justmotive*. •»*"*,IWlreaTaof_ *itkhetenin Col. WiLuaaKagttad TteIsm, very roapootittlly, your obedient J.H.SIMPSON,Captain TopofraphJcai Engiueerk.O h t t e e r y .ttdniee reatdonce of btt son, inarreacounty,N.Y.,oatte29thult,POM.tebtRateMos,HLClrtalwoyLABeardstov*f?T»f« k Marth.AndwQiaat. <»eoBtorarda,-inoiQanmTMy'iLmL? DBstt JaaCrotaeraKdBsrvtfTn iSl^*n".0f•^!fJ»*»'. Paml kr»na ,las tsapmaa, Joshuaanted gwt rid sf the" fight, aad atetjltes teprivate letters Da jam asters.at"toSSSsSiggfdenSed.°flretaKl- n « ^ ^ •otfttteea'peer, diad iataty m Parts" rTforeMmumGiuvari„dedonMarch80,atMceipahfroftteatHas>id,to the deal house at Bsllevue Hospital, where Coroner Jackmanwillboldanmount•today Deceasedwas •tenSOyearsofsge. Hisfacewetu^kjnarteTted o£Navallatelltaxence. TteUnitedStatessteamerCrusader,LteutCom]arrivedatHavana oatteataratngof14th tost, ae l»Mem n e t . day for tte csatte^kpertoof Cate ^SJavttTafcs^K*"Hewas^a * « / , » . , ¥ . , sad had *»»*yforttebateighty<Wm aatit Hon John Vanune and wka. (Tfcarlea Thtnev tiBcjraaweMrsBhWoodBmllyMCaoner,JohnR 'and wife, Martin Caderaa. B Fundr, (aarlea W Jonas, W DSutton t rPealev.JMBradleyTMaater BradlevrHenrvCSteven, and wife. MrsJ MBradley, Mas Boolkltte Cowef, fffrggjy 1 * - to * » • • * • «*»"ra te tte Near 1 B 0plaUalbarroomstottedirtk* democraticgrog-teette new law iapavedwithcobbleatonestoInksItdown.Aswoenter Sanday."ButNewYorkptttyandgodltosnwasdas- ateexpensethereof.Ttrustthisrnomtteaamyhetbe aboutamileandahalfIthoughtIwouldaaeeadalittle,would te forood to ston, aadaa •JewassJsBsaemas 1 0 IsaffC L/lTvCfOf JAeBesaaattaaBaO laaal aaftv* ef k *V M°a-w,^lS1Ly arf T W i " " S OwTlwhse-ipectodifinethmi tetter, aand gnashing of teeth," •ease with a power almost overwhelming We peep in, quaffed quite u liberally and ostentatiously yesterday n Hudson riven, f!v1»f tt iufflstent depth to ***** ot tbe balloon being very rapid. I threw out several slipstog.Aa regarcitheiIte Brat, aot oaJy tte Iporting frater- however, and quietly calling for a hot tenon arte -for ess is moderately sure of a clean lemon la such a place, if aay, ast tte whole community, nale aud female, nothing else, If he will oaly ass It sawssasd and waited rath a t e poor, gate and ted, high a t e low , to lean what was tte commottoo W e asce-ttined that news had just teen broogit hi that Heenan ,hte teni ar-largest clsss of our navy snips, if this enterprm of paper whieh sunk with tte rapidity ef toad. About BitTiS"" oa any Sunday, perhsps, within tte memory of that to- sea te carried through by aid ef Congress, It would te fifteen minntn a'ter my departure ihe Oaayanas enteredpertthable mdiridnal yeJept the "oMeet Inhabitant." Tte come a tboroaghfara for all natrons, sad the fdnmahip a cloud which completely hid New York from view, and sswajswtea by.•* wo was, aad em be and the reporkief tte £ » » " » * ikwaSi barge of gambling. This constitutes the amount of the hrttday's »ork i.nder the new Sunday liquor law.on the following Friday night, Mount Moriah church, tw omiles north of Mulberry vtl age, was also burned. B J O 'were the work of an incendiary. The Oosemer also state*that,onMondayeightlast,aboutteno'clock.Newliarmon church, two miles sod a half north of Charity, wa Arras an the 8th April, 1488, by which Cherln Vill. re- act on fire and entirely consumed, and about an hour la pairs part of the disasters inflicted on the Artesian capital ter, or at 11 o'clock, Charity church was discovered t<> by tbe violence of Louta XI. This treaty, which Is found be in flames, and the fire communicating to Charity Acad in all diplomatic collections, and nas been publish*.1many emy, both buildings were soonrin ruins. Tbe loss ia eat; t t e , was sold on the present occasion for 490f. It con- mated at from $6,000 to $8,000.* This wanton deetructki •lagerwasHerrelativesareetilltairesult provei that either such lairs are lirttcteelly hum fire at Eastern could then vUlt our shore, by pnang to the atmnphere was damp and chilly. I did aot fancy mynew quarteta, pulled tne valve a t t t e balloon and dia chargedaquantityofgas,batbeingsensible thatmyair ship continued to have an aaoenstve momentum, I pulled tte vaive aad discharged more gas,whichhadIn the slang of the item, this to UIM^tL ji, "Bleak year boater" ia tte staid ioekiag pro to uckle tte arowa fBlghtUy, - d a W i o f tte words will sum up ths account of yesterday's labor to Be down tbe Hudson riser aad are bound last, would effect to give me a keen appetite, and 1deposed of a bts strcment" * -ween u ette saeopaBMtoeted tattle ragged arofata wte wipes peadaet saub without a pocket handkerchief, cartea«aeateofhaeeirtlflta"ahaaaaraatteoutermedieal officersrested aco tte fight prevented, and itwas for thistkw indignationwaafreelyexpressedagainstttePf'Pj?*'**?" oftheact VSBMSwerewarmlyneedlaeonaecattawttB pugilists backing Sayers, not at ^ ^ P j ^ * ^ " gside of Long Island Sound, aad reach any dock on tneIt w after midnight, however, and time tor bonett folkto be between their sheets. We have finished our rounds,and seen more of life, from the disgusting sediment at thebottom of the seething caldron to tte bubbles on its sur-face, than we care to record; bet te endeavoring to con-vey the lmpreesloas prevailing in different localitin con-,eerning the arrest cf the Benicia Boy, which was our objectat the start, we have told everything wo know, tbe penal'} of fifty dollars for each offence. And If mid surprised to bear of a population In 'Pike's Peak' Terri- admiring a few momenta before eoon disappeared, heard, saw or experienced.Military FetebytbeSeventhThe " right wing" of the Seventh regiment, Nationalinthemannerprescribedbylawforthearrestofoffend- ers DANIEL CARPENrER,Deputy Superintendent.The members of the police force in each district were called together, on the receipt of Mr. Carpenter's note, whichwasread to them bythe captains,who furthertbecountrybeyondthis,Iconcludedtoterminatem voyage. I then got my grapple hte inorler, dkwharig n from the balloon, and was soon near enough to tin earth to commence operations; threw oat m y grap pie, which caughtto a rail fence, with ev^f prospect of making a fine landing, when suddenly a squall of wlao struckmyballoon,thefence gave way,aad tbeGany- mede continued its course over the tops of tte trees. M;.Regiment coar-l, under the command of Col. Marshall Lenorts,gavePIBATE.A correspondent writes:—Tbe constitution of the UnitedStates—article 6 of t t e amendments—saya:—Tn all cri- minal prosecutions tbe accused shall enjoy tte right to s speedyandpublictrialbyaaImpartialjury oftbeStatethe 'astoneof asertosofpublicdrillsor/eta totheir friends lastTuesdaynight,atthespaciousdrill roomofthenewstrangers,theughiheirtestabilitymay beofa generaleearactor, so we c&.i for a 'wb> of tte staple arink, Stale Arsenal, corner of Thirty fifth street and Seventh instructed that all drinking places found open were to besandspectators,morethan onehalfofwhomcomC-m.ira , Precinct:—SIR—I am instructed by the President of the Board of Po-'-K eenceof the assembled crowd, both the avowal eflice to direct you to forthwith notify all persona dealing in intoxicating liquors in jour precinct that they must not publicly expose or dispose of. the same on Sunday, underguilt a a d o f the exact spot in which tbey tbrmnlveito fire t t e fatal shot. When, however, they were brought out into the light aad air of heaven, and into t t e presence o f their fellow citizen, a breath e t energy revived t t e martyrs They raised ttetr teals, aadwithafeeblebatfirmvoiceproclaimedthemselves to be intocaat, and denounced t t e istamo us m e a n em- ployed tgainst tbem A cry et horror arose from the assembled crowd, aad the tbtrri hastily surrounded them aad carried them back to prison gagged. Tte former torture w n again applied; Chimera aad Pbmeto aga>a tankundertt;and,confirmingtheirfirstavowalofgetft, were taken to Catena, the chief town of tte srovlece, te tetried.TbeHighCriminalCourt.Aadtagevktaatmike of tte tortures thty had endured, admitted their expta- nattons, ordered that they should te vtattedby a modi* cal commission—who were bold enough to report t h ett," aim quotes incident alter ineidei.t to tne point, fjttie wbtei-cg the comp&nie« into column; opening tna ranks. seen stands on his dgnity. and denounces the anole &tate- the officers anil sergeants to the front, and a general in F'RE AT STATK.N ISI-AXP.—At one o'clock yesterday soon regained hie feet however, and,according to Crinion s enough for such a building to do service, and be tia- pick him up. The sailors state that they were ao delightedCaneat as a c—d lie Voices oegm to run np the spection proceecei with by the regimental held ©fliers, statement, made a furious onslaught upon deceased with a Mvcn himself six months in which to do too work. Tn* with this exploit that they unanimously resolved that oa "Cam'it in tones more loud than mimical, and the whi'e ihe company offisers inspected the arms and accou mcrcing, a fire broke out in a small building owned an 1,a*r*.'r'-pe r asks the gentlemen to be quiet or go trements, the band in the meantime allays;.g the tedium occupied by Mr. Wener, ss a segar etore, and situated at d rk knife, stubbing him twice in the back. Deceased im tocencary w n placed ta jail in Fayettevtlle last Tuesity the voyage borne the dog should be formally rated at one.the bead of the dock at the Quarantine landing; it wasde meolately exclaimed that he was killed and fell to the His name is IshanaP. Rodd. of their mess and share their mealssidewalk, whereupon the Herman and his comrades all Tbe Kerry Pott notices a circumstance which indicatoff strojed, together with the ferry house, store house. tcck to their heels and escaped for the time being. Po- TRK MASSA< HI-SICTTS RESCTKBS AT WORK ON A SA.VDWK I the increasing proaperity of Irelana—•• The ixge for t awasda Hayets. ef wbtok ke avails' htmself to determine After tbe inspection the regiment was manx-u "beets, fences, gates and a portion of the dock which be- itctmeu Minor, Wright and Wood, of the Tenth precinct, ISLAMI G;RI —The New Bedford Mercury states tbat on taking land has become so great ia this neighborhood:•ac They toiien a little, but tall Kenllemaa don't yield by paying selections from ••Macbeth," the operas of a dot max John Heenan is an abased iudiviiual, and that "Traviata " "AUIla,' Colonel Leildrts' q'lickatep (new),. V :air plav is not shown him, or any partiality manifested and tne Anna march.t be Ucbt m his favor, Ue won l be permitted to su>» vred in marcuing by the- liana, double liles, longed to the lerry .company. It was probably the work en hearing the row hastened to the spot and conveyed Tuesday afternoon tbe whaJeship Sylvia, Capt. S*-a *\ tbat very btavv fines are being paid, In amnion to hirkof an incendiary.b aueelf in tan city Tbe c.in\crs*i;on h -re becimes a right shoot, marching by companies, firing by companies,Hitieealsed.andleaving thegroip totheir intellectual w,ngand'ilea. Tbefiringbytilewasquiteexciting,asitan a elevated rn>>ymeot, we nend our way into the open gave' the spectators a slight laea of the manner or r.on-air . tti*rei»on:y time for tn exhilarating draught or dutng a real batt>, by the iccestant fustlada that was afternoon, flamw were seen ismiing from the promenade in arresting a man named Charles Rabert, on suspicion of where be stepped. On Thursday afternoon Capt >»•»two Njtore we a»-e st a »eso*l I" >r racing men, who meet to kept up for several minutes. Tbe drill was quite a sue deck of the tteamer Hunchback, while lying in the basiu being implicate; J in the homicide. The prisoner on being sev 's sister, who bad been at New Bedford with him, te Tbe Queen of Boai, by giving op the regalia, h n vir-talkevertbeetuirtofibeturfItisaieoasortofhalfwav cets.anaeveryboa>patentappearedpteascM. be.weengvarantmeandStaple-tonlandings. Sorapidly tnkentothesationhoseedeniedmostpositivelythathe outforherhometnNewport,andtookthegirlwith'le- tuallyccdrdherrightotothethroneofBoor,andher kc • e ttotareevn VaioBt'iuare and Canal street where all Anion? the distiuguistied guests present, and who ex did the Qre spread, that in fifteen minutes the whole up xnew anything at alt about the occurrence; but Crinion to the depot. A crowd of excited negroes surrouodei successor has acknowledged htmaelf to be a vassal ofelass v.of sporting men—tlgbters, boraritnen, gamD'.ers. pressed ibtmselves nigbly pleased with the drill, wereaCoon, ant en and sretitletsec—are sure of meeting fami'lar party of the officers of the Brazilian corvette, now in per deck was enveloped in flames. After considerable ef immeuiateiy identified him as one of the party, and fur- faces There are a good many b«v now. but the billiard port, who appeared in uniform, aecompanied by Council lort, the fire above decks was subdued, anl the vessel thermuie r»id he was the neison who stabbed deceased.game* wecupy mest of their attention—all strangers. A man I inckney. There were also a large number of mili- scuttJed, which probably saved her hull. H tr upper Oorecer Jarkmsn w as notified of the adair at an early detect; •' » standing by the bar. however, and we ask tary men present ta spectators, among whom were tien works were entirely destroyed. During the fire, a man hour yesterday morning, and at once proceeded to makehimJ*anyofthe••faery-•arehere,towhomwe Wm.Hall,Col.LeGal,oftheFiftytilthregiment;Major namedBenjaminBrown,recentlymarried,wasstrackbv errartemenuforholdtigtheinquisition. Dra.Beachand ran t a introduced for a professional interview Haileck. of tte Ninth regiment: Capt. Leaoder Buck, of a book, and probably fatally injured. Another m a n - GaJftifcer made a pest morlem examination upon the body Beloot*around;says•'yes,'andwesun. companyF,Eighthregiment,andCaptVarian,oftbe namenotascertained—fellfromtheuppertothemain tfdefeatedbyorderoftbeCoroner,andfoundtwotbe depot, and some of tbe women seised the gir! an < Holland. The kingdom of Cos thus remain theonly; carried her oil. Tbe girl w n frightened at the aetzare. indepe ndeat country in Celebes, to alliance with Holland.and begged tbem not to kill her. The rescuers told her The States of Soptng, Wajo and Guwu, bare declared she should not be hurt, and could ptov with their childi en themselves ready to cater into contracts of peace and as long aa she wanted to. The question of the guardian, friendship with tte government aad to recognise it nAxcmnutFIBKATSTATKXIsiayn—Tmr.FKHSYBOATHrxiw BACK NEARLY DESTROYFD —At 6 o'clock yesterday (Sunday)the deceased to ibe station house. On their way thither iheiniuredman died. Policeman Wright then wentin search ot the assassin, an-', after a long search succeeded. rente, for any large farms now to be let We have known £8(0 tobepaid, inoneinstance,byaworkingfarmer,. and £l,Cs0 was afterwards offered by another termer 'and the tbe the6t. All the ether organs were to a healthy trol of George law, and also the increase ofteirg the person of » Mttw g,r,onljr „ the daughter of Mr Charles Brennan.• fmorsthanlikelythatdeceasedwasetmilarlysituated alien the affray took place. Tbe evidence sgaintt Rabert is vary plight indeed, and if some fresh ana more posi- tivettstimocyisnetadduced againsthimontheInquest today,hewillprobablybedischarged.thisfact,asnonebutticketsforbogus(ieorgialotteries will, of course, be offered after the legal lotteries cease to exist.POFTUITIO!!or COVWCTON,KT—Whites,14,898;slaves,fttetr money on * * Beaicia Boy, stoat of his more northern route. ^ 2 %'^C ,U c n Sf JIr' F ' W ' j€nnlD88 •» Odef Engineer ot TI-K Jr-i ITRSOX MARMOT CASS—Tbe inqoett to tte esse 1,144.There ara compa "f^^lhackerabeingmena *».howeverfamiliarwithttering, Chorpenning'sroutettaboutonehundredandfortymilm«* »«» OtealJ "garCampFloydtoCalifornia,theesprenttrunning onmyManumorFIRKMKN-Ameetingoffiremen,favorable_ atweaWrJaie^^_ ARSITAL3.deiLL Crflitbton.tanPeps.J.• Kelly. B j Parker, tieo White,900.9M,904,848,678,t»,790.Uvrnm STATxe WSTBJCTContTBtrrasam Cwnt—Sptcui Tana.—Nos- 106, 148. 168.ataarage.DaTABTTJBBS. SAVAKSAB—StosmaatoAlabama.—TcO'Bslllv nrwmNo. 48.bar,OsuiottJABurbtltbaadwife,MissIranian,MmawLCaakkls.WWeed.t/>i:g«iow,J1Dow,aadfourhitbe* tja front teeth H I missing. Hiwas drenedhTaMaffitswarage.H>cklreckotrn,dtek|njmtttpaddTesl 7 ^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Document18G0,-TKIPLE SHEET. THE VOICE OF TEXmats,TBIONWlMfBOF H.8.J.,wrlwagoattefnhtertottaprovrng thenerl-gationof theHarlemriver,nys:—"IntheHsaxiD oftte Xth alt. 1 noticed s resolution of Inquiry, of*red Ingren byamember ftaaa thai city, cslltof on thedent of the TJnited Statet to transmit m the Houn aU la- formationintheporaenlonoftheofficerinchargeoftbe coast survey, showing the practtatbiHty ef rendering Ite Harlem river navigable for commercial purposn, sadbagi, or thai, aa tea often teea charged, t t e police, witha few i>bariaeical exceptions, wink at violations of Itebqnorregnlationf,while©theredonotcaretotakeuponthemselves the thankless task of endeavoring to correct much time, distance and towing Dke beneflte tte desired effect I next experimented on ttettOBtotfaekindofbtocomawattam bfadasaulasasatooctejaajaaat of |Inspector Louie Maaaeateo, • iGeneral, applies Iron maeoctnto themade to grip tighter andtighterif the sufferer tawhat the statute considers aa abuse, well understanding would be embraced by vessels passing fren the west side density of tbe atmosphere by throwing oatbite of pater, wttb a result that Indicated m y The idea af searing tte awttw* <***f*» - J - - - tte secret sympathies of their superior officers. A few of this city to Long Island Hound; sad especially such n ar-proacb to the earth. By tha Urns my voyage bad tteaneaattoa of voice, leoka aweetiy hi year face, because be waa alarmed lor Wa laurels.store, aid maeadamizod drinks wan dttposed of to drtak e thai cut off, and thereby nve a distance of siiteen cuit or two, with ehich 1I lurniaehedu myself before stortitnogc.erevel,butaneka«oat opatedews tte mediumBaa IDS " oonfodron to lam Skyers" la otmntiaence thereofWe stayed fair wageaewgh mtat a aqosre riew of t t e af ate peraaaal eorpornity, aad levels a weekly broad •anrassa ef tte group present, and left. We found it•toeofaaeradtyaadrettetaaagainstwtakadaeniaevery oompesedofthirdratefighters,when opinionswerenor i>H -•• have regarded tte eveat with extraordinary worth more than their breath, aad rod shirtod ramana whoparadeBroadwayiattemiddleofttedaywiththeu anertst. Not eaiy immense s u m of BMaay have pantaloon stack in ate tops of their hoofs, carrytag aboutmiles, evading the passage of Hurlgato aad risk of colli- sion with other vessels. This Harlem river can andAlter m y frugal bat well relished anal I came to railtosntooe, ta a pugilistic point of of tte money Mr. Hornan has handled during his absence. called "undav, under a penalty of fifty dollars for eachdtocovered I w n over aad a abort distance from a sheet ofwater,oawhichIsawamsnInaboataadcine enonghtoboldaconversationwithhim. Iaskedhim or information aa tonaylocality, when be replied that tte place I bad Jest paand w n Newark.of hi* oeustry, aad ateive ler tte ebawi- JLM is other peters, the greatest excite>meDt aad indigna- c(fence: and tt tt made the duty of tbe Superintendent of tion exist, and the fact that they are equally in the darkptemelupofk • ae wonder, therefore, that aa indefinite aad ansa(he world.with tbe rest of the public renders K stilt more annoying. Money la being staked there all the time: one hundredthe line of closing the liquor stores, so far as heard from up to the time of the present writing.Jailer Bruno, to the etanmastuyahto af tte Careeefttere H e prison to each rrmiiieBai i wetejtatTteteicTiS*^ *** *«^.«*«knitetee& leti*-*~~'**~ aasBBwaw-*""rnslm • - excels all others is evidently the famoes CBeeataffeaemtat:J W.D.,writingveryexulttogry oyertte latedemocrattcvietoryInRhodelaland.concludn bygtviagwhathe thinks tbe sentiments of the democrats of hat State tothe emulng Presidential canvan. H e says—"The p u b minutes became aware that 1 waa descending, and soon ctal killed out of an Incident arising from an <North river side ofthis city, ttereer obviatiBg obviattog tteview of New York again, and,as far n l could judge, over For the test few days the following notice tea tesa ought to become a marine avenue." Tte advantagn to Sixtieth street, the Ganymede then pursuing a southerlypublished in several of the morning papers, b y order oftheBoardofPonce;—10 VBirDlSS 09 LTTOXlCJrtTWO UQTHHW Df IBS aStROTOUTAS poucainsTRKT.Notice is hereby given, that by t t e provisions of t t e forty second section of the aot entitled "An act to amend an act entitled an act to establish a Metropolitan Police Ctstrict,"pastedApril10,1880,itisdeclaredthatItshall aotbelawfulforanypersontopubliclykeeperdispose ifanyintoxicatingliquorsuponthefirstdayoftteweek,commerce,asalsoourcity,wouldwarranttteexpense. A NBW FBESISENTIAL CANDIDATE.coursetowards theBattery,overwhicnIappearedtore-main stationary for upwards of four ntantoa. Whileover thecitytheview wn beautiful to tte extremeMy air ship then appeared to gain new life by Its gradual pro/ettum, aad now an officer of police aad arichi— ascension,and in a fewminutes Iwn enveloped to a tor. SentbyMaaanaluatotte town of Nicoskt cloud, and alter sailing through this vapory set for a few oat thei assassin of a certain Gorgone-a govlie confidence ht as ever, tdow to centre upon any merelypartisan claimant; oa tte contrary, tte people asm inciir.eutotbrowoverboardalltbeselfmadechampionsforttePresidentialposition,andtocalltotheirleadershipalew man—a aan whose name (so far n 1 have heard)has not ss yet been breathed within tte circle of political Feeling thus far {deseed with my voyage, I Policetostrictlyenforcetheprovisionsofthissectionby intrigue—anamenotcommittedorcon'.animatedwithtte crossed Newark Bay in a westerly direction, atehis proper order in respect thereto to the members of theMetropolitan police force, and It la made tbe duty of,theanfarinrj aoaoancemeet of tbe character above referred dollars is laM out voile v e are present; large sums are said members m respect to enforcing tbe provisions of store talented, or more tried aad true. In abort, sir, a to think 1 waited hia friendly aid, immediately loweredat abeutd have .created excitement ia every circle, and up, and both parties are naturally anxious to know this fection to proceed in t t e manner provided by law Gtocrnnatoa is tbe man whom tbe people, at this time, whetber tte die tt cast, and who ia out or for tbe arrest ot oflendere. '. would delight to honor, aad that Qnctnnatne la repre-his boat from the crann where it was hung; bet by thistime I commenced to discbarge ballast, aay balloon com-menced ascending, and I bid my good natnred Ughthonekeeper good bye. By six o'clock I bad sailed thefull length of Newark b e y , m y balloon keeping aoouree near terra furma. Tbe next object to partioutorly food,until, half dead, the poor creature deposed that attract my attention w n a man in a wagon driving hteproduced aa avalanche of ia<IgnaUou aad surprise, f o r pork.t. The prevailing impression IS that t t e fight aae purpose of ascertaining the toae af feeling bss taken place,the bail, if any was required, having prevailing epos the subject of the arrest, aad the teen fc felted by Heenan'a friends There axe partieshere not s!ow to throw tte onus of blame in causing tte •aasaev & which tte aewa was received, eas of oar arrest upon ikiividoala who are hacking Sayers, and do neerters on Saturday night paid a vittt to the not hesitate te ascribe tte movement to the mom mail- cioos mo Ives; but it is, after all, a mere surmise, and arawipaitrtabliehn.enta where t t e "fancy'' and their opinions of ouch a character, expressed under an excited meads are wont to assemble; but tt ia att to tte power condition of mind, have not much weight. Heenan'sPublic notice tt therefore given that, In compliance with law, ordere will be issued to the members of t t e Metro- politan police to arrest all persons publicly keeping orsented in tbe person ot George M. Dallas.''THB PIKBB FBAK GOLD MANIA.dttpcsirg of any intoxicating liquor on Sunday. of the Board of Folic*.By orderCliques or clans of sectional politics or politicians, and yetwithin forty feet or a lighthouse; I hailed t t e keeper,a man than whom none to the nation ia more popular,who promptly showed hie portly frame, and appearingpersons stall, after such notification, persist to dttplsying tory next fall aa large at many of the States." and I soon w n over a dense woods and a httto further or Disposing publicly intoxicating liquors, to arrest mem JVR1SDICTION IN TBB CASK OF HICKS, THB ALLEGED on, the Four Mountains. Not knowing tbe geography ofend takeataatatoneofttetablesnearby. avenue Shortlyafternveno'clockaregulartideof visitedandtbeproprietorssummarilyarrested.Ite saddistrictwheretottecrimeshallbarebeencommit- grapplesuppledand1washurledwithoonsicerableforce h requires bat a anmeat or two to diaoover precise crdera of the captains to their subordinates might ted, which district shall have been previously ascertain- against a tree, but fortunately I had a narrow escape,akat r*jers • by all edde the favorite, humanity were pouring into the Arsenal to witnessthe be stated thus:—"If you see any rum shop with doors eg by law. Section 3 of article 3 says—The trial of all having sustained a slight bruise to the foretead. 1 proend that net adcuot is eatertajied of his success, but itdrill of the cltie corps of New York military. crnies. &c , shall be held to the State where the saidopen go In, and take out tbe contumacious owners thereof, crimes have been committed, &c., meaning tbe district as cetded onward a short distance further, my grapple stilltruth at the risk of themselves getting into trouble with Stpieaaaki alao to aatioe Utat Hteuaa ia regardei in a Tbe drill room, which ia of the grandest proportions, who wiil be dealt with according to law." It will be defined by law. So that article ft completely defines out, and m a few moments tt caughtto a stump and tbe police—annulled tbe confession made by tte pre-aptrtt of fa;rD<«s, and that the interference with hie noticed tbat by the provision "if you see," each police- whereft crime shall be tried, without reference to any metementa wlusn has taken plaoe ia looked upon with no wit illuminated by numerous jets of gas, and on either man is left a loophole through which to escape from en- law of Congress, which la Interior to tte constitution, and farorabe eye The impresBoa a , however, that unless end were tw e large reflectors. The north side of the forcirg the law, lor it is well knewn that Metropolitan the place of arrest tea nothing to do with it.ta*.ajBotict of bail under which the Beaicia Boy is held room WMappropriated lor tbe auditorium, within whichI brought up safe and sound on Urra lirma, two and one half miles from Westneld, New Jersey.tended cuipiite, and proceeding to a freeh and more regu- lar inquiry, by a judgment of t t e 90th of November, 1819, declared tht two accuui fetteoznt. aad ordered that tbey should be immediately n t at liberty." TfotwtSh- ttandiHQ this te/'em twrdtrf, tte tadtaaay mea are HB t*jtion as the present champion has done; but theydo not make much point of ink- feci, be Quartermaster *rgeant Weed. Suffice tt to say, the duty take a " quiet smile." The side and hall door srranee- Au officer of the Home Squadron, writ ng from Vera will be, have made arrangements to receive them in fine Loggia; M. Orach a rich merchant, fcc, te.kevtcg that, if there a ''fight" in Heenan, t u performed in a systematic manner, and their efforts ments were inextensive vogue, and those badlyin need Cm, under date of the 11th tost., on tte subject of thestjle and with true hospitality. Tte North, tbe South,the Esst and tne West will be represented; and tt ia quiteprobable that San Francisco win send a delegate. Duringtheir stay, tbe National Union will visit every place of tntereet In the city and its environs, and take a trip to to.Hermitage. A ball at tbe Capital, and a banquet there,also, will be tendered them by the Nashville Union, wnictiis making large exertions in anticipation of the event vernor Don Juan Manaet de Bans, of Buenos Ayres no- Tbebanquetwillundoubtedlybetheuneetaffairthatbat toriety,taengagedtothecompilationofhiaowapoiiueal ever taken place to our State, If we may judge from the biography, which be will shortly publish to ~ preparations being made. Our citizens should help for •ether wttb various docamenta relating to tte 1there J?ao law a Eaglend which will prevent its being aaeniicstJHi, and BOlack of Knglian friends around him who will see that be has fair play.fully appreciated by their guests.At hall-past seven o'clock the soldiers, dressed in fullof a drink were not long in discovering the mysterious passage leading to tbe El Dorado of their wishes. The American and Irish establishments, generally speaking, exhibited some slight semblance of sustaining the majestymeasure now before Congress,to alter tte standard of pay for oncers of the navy, calls our attention to the govern mental pay table to show that tbe present rates are whollyTo aom np, a death struggle h n begun between the) victims and their executioners We shall soon s e e whe- ther the latter will always bave t t e upper head.We muat not linger longer here, however, for we have got the point),' and a long journey ia iteiore us.uatlorm, began to arrive, when they were marched to thecentre of the room, arms were stacked, and the membersdiem seed to await the "Adjutant's call ' for tne assent of tbe law. but the vradersof sparkling lager, wciss bier, their families.inadequate to even a meagre support of the olhsersand barn cm. Always a gooa place to hear news aboat town, tbe busy crowd. In a few minutes tbe drill rojen floor matter at all. They went the an;ma! entire, putting not we would publSh tte pay list, and our correspondent'sForelprxt M i s r e l l e n y .£ is asserted, on very competent acthorty. that ».i Go-i'aating lo tirusdway again, we urop into a handsome bhng tor tbe battalion. Tbe soldiers sorin mingled with Bhein wein and IJmbnrger, " made no bones" of thettaespec.aJytotonight,luttweentec.andtwelve;fast wascrowdedwithpromenadcrs.p.-esentag agrand:>u> eventht.'m'*ttransparentdieguise ontheir operations. arguments,wereitnotfarthefactthatwehavealreadyaetwi, faat mea and last women beiog for tbe time one trur mile wbicii was enlivened by excellent music from Wtl'-Btn sii-eet was not. perhaps, so boisterous as usual, devoted much valuable space by publishing corres-of tbe principal staples of conversation. The large room tne National Guard Band—who were iu full uniform—the and itie strain.* of sacred music may have been hushed pondence advocating the proposed measure; consequentlya fall. Here are a crowd of tte young men of busy bum of the varied conversation and the smiling faces for the nonce; but the annihilation ot the liquids wa* any further arguments would be trespassing upon the ward this affair, which, If aocoanful, will give our city a then countries while eader hat rata,1 alienee of our readers.A RETIRED LIST FOR THB ARMY.Sato the passing wave of metropolitan hie, and taking battalion to assemble, waa sounded, when the soiljers bath Dunne tbe daytime a few arrests were made ofeooifortaa it comas. Over there in tte corner, barely formed, first by companies, and when the band played persons carrj iog on their traffic too openly, and a coat communication from a correspondent, (0. P. Q ) whichvisible ihrotgh t t e dense clouoa of smoke, tt a crowd of a lively march, the tour companies of the "right wing,' i ait i bavjttg been made against th e proprietors of letter opposes a " retired list'' for the officers of the army. wbom WKare in search. Tte tall Individual among them, tinder the respective commands of Cspta>ns Shaler, Mor liojm's Theatre in tbe Bowery, Mr. 1'rederick Verche, Our present correspondent says:—"There can be but one with >ne features, handsomely trimmed whiskers. roe, Price and Lieutenant Harrison, formed the batallton an imploy<• in the establishment, was arrested on the das- of persons connected with the army who can opposet ucb a measure—those who fear retiracy ''Coroners*OIHce. FATAL, 8TABB1KU AFFBAV.An allray occurred at tbe corner of Canal and Orchardstreets, about twelve o'clock on Saturday night, whicn Tie says lhai ever »nce the 'Boy''—as he lovingly desig- Adjutant Harty lacbenau took command, and under socordirgly tnrew open their doors as usual, doing a resulted in tbe death of Thomas Greenan, a brass founder,the town, merchants, clerks, drummers, naif of the .a-lies, presenting a cdmbinaiioa o: circumstances not tbe less alarming The same thing may be remarkedfrightened country merchants, professional gamblers and rarely experienced on similar occasions. of all tbe well known locations where Teutons "most doreckless Southerner*—a msKeilaneoas throng, dipping At eight o'clock tbe •'Adjutant's Call,' the signal for the corgrtjBie 'or amusement and jollification on the Sab-new claim to her proud boast that this la the "hoapitabu. city.7'fha all absorbing topic of interest to Mew Zealand fcj tte proposed railway between Lyltelton aad Cbrtot- rhurch, upon which a lengthy report tea just teea re-of dead expren freight by public auction, Bays:—It is ob-viouslyunjusttotherealowners,thoughunknown.To A.M.,onSunday,whenItookthesteamboattorNew overcomethedifficulty,hesuggeststhattheexpress York,whereIarrivedat10A.M. Myvoyageextendedlice can do BOwrong. Unfortunatelyallmagistratesareaotaoindependent.Tbeyfnrfortc<maelves,aadlorthemoatpartarebat Hone ace suggests that Heenan had himself arrested prised part of the beauty and fashion of New ?hrt their eyes while passing such places, if they so companies shall in all cases compel the shippers to write a distance ot ninety miles, which I accomplished In at eer vile tort' omenta of power run mad.beats Tbey,likeotherfreecitisene,areatlibertytochoose, and it Is presumed that our glorious guardians their own address on tbe package, aad that they may h, ur and twenty minutes. I am ready for another vojAa regard* Naples, all Europe has read tte despatches addressed to his government by tbe Engrtah Minister And with reference to Palermo, here is a new hat of nota- bles arrested without reason. If I were to give youthe names of men belonging to the populsn tte list woakt extendtotbounnds—IT. PiUtteri fataer of a numerous family; Chevalier Bracco(nephewoftbeillnttrioojexileofthatname.)aad] his wife; M, I.ou's Lomma, a superior clerk ta t t e finance department; the notary Matcoco ; the son of Baroa Laavailed themselves fully of this privilege yesterday, judg- ing by rttuitsage as soon as my balloon snail have been repaired. AUGUSTUS M. CONNER.companies to give them notice. The latter have alwaya Some law abiding liquor dealers, of course obeyed the tbe poaer to demand freight in advance, and if It shouldDomestic Mewa Items. NATIONALT>FOGRAPBII-ALUMOW—Tne Nashville• C. D. E." regrets tbe publication to the B A U D of aFore Ctivat UES Brmrsn m l o a n s Cocvrv, Pass.— ceived from t t e bean agents. From thai document. Itbone leisurely along the road He bailed me and asked me if •' J would not take a panenger .'' I tried to ascer- tain from him the name of the placet/ but beforejl cjuldwin Vf1^!b"a k a d • * • lormerly that he should hke topearances, tbedelegation willbea large one,andtha s»f!»ion promises to b e very interesting. Already t t e .Nashville Typographical Union, whose guests the NationalSTKAMIK FREAK or AX IPIOT —We learn from the Fayette appears that a provtatonal contract ted teea entered intoville Otarreer ef Thursday morning, that County U n - for tbe construction of tbe work, at a cost of £188400.church, situated three miles above Lynchburg, w n de and £36,CC0 for stations and rolling stock, to be com-Btroyed by fire on Wednesday night of tost week; ana pleted to five years, and an annual payment of £40,000 tothe lire, a man well known to the neirb Tbe crew of one of the steamers which ply between borhood, who is said to be about half witt*o, Havre ana Rio Janeiro relate tbe following medent—laand on the following day he confessed to burning the 'nu churches, and gave trp the books and other at tides tba' he bal taken from Charity church, and said hia object bad been to burn every church tn Lincoln county tha' waa over ten years old, as he thought that was Hn*the last vo$ age out one o f t t e sailors fell overboard n o t far from tbe coast ot Brazil: and a large N'erfoandtand dog named Pollux, belonging to the vessel, immediate!* jumped into the sea, and mixing him by the cravat main- tained his head above water until a boat could put off andarrived at that port. The cap'sln brought with b'<;na littlegirl,tenortwelve years old,anativeoftheSaud w'ch Ishnds, and took her with him to the Parker Ho.«sbipofthegirlwillprobablybelegallysettled,Ifshehas not been carried off to Canada.theirsuzerain.A. decree of the King of the Belgians appropriates n followsthefivepercenttaxlevtailonthenetpromsotta poesi nle that negotiations for that object may nave been the mili-enee of drink when the police came up, and It hi troaiatog the lottery agents will do weil to make a note of opened: but we believe tbat thus tar no definite resultthe use of areeut spirits. Orinton w as evidently underhnbeeaarrivedatIt would teem from a statement to tte Armenia, the ultra clerical paper of Turin, that t t e Pope don not b y snymeanscontemplatethsrecooquestoftheLegation* bytornofarma,butmerelythroughapintualagencyThe famous chestnut tree to the Tuileriee, which Id saidnever tohavefailed,aince1816,toabowaleafoaMarket Police Court under rather peculiar circumstances. across tbe Cayuga marshes will be completed in readiness March 20. is exciting some interest to Paris. A corres-168;free colored,M-total,16,112. dayeveningatWashingtonHall.Sixorsevenhundred oftteunknownmsnwhodiedinhiacellattheJefferson CA.VAI.THROUGHTHSCAVI(;AMABSHKS—Thenewcanalof the Twentieth precinct police arrested deceased oa the the construction of embankments aad an aqueduct over were on it only round burls—nothing like a leaf C* tbechargeordrunkenness,andconveyedhimbeforeJustice tteSenecariveratMontezuma. Theoldcanalhasbeen OGthIWMaotabletorenewmyvntt;batto-day,tteTalt, kr Stirling. Br Duncan/lady and servant a>PkJ2£? Kelly, who committed him to prison for exajnlnation preserved for use In case of a failure in the new, but it is fist, many of tte buds have beret, aad there are uamit-A sw B sa I'SK.VOWN MAS FOCSB DsunAt a Mae hourTbe fterrfcr <re B*m'J***** yonngmeaemployedmatemuesonef\TM_ri»I^.^dl0o^,^f,?8,n*B 8Bn«r, oftte Tairdpre-wfeaaetT TM"~P**»* «*•*• OfIte MireBLowenburg,WWCooper.JH Patrte^W»^rJckwav )?£ "^P*-.1'bu| " *** deceased was placed in a * J5L* *** "IS ****** «**«*y abettertta. ant tore teea amarineone,andoftte y«9Pte£ «jthe ata-ewalk in Xtmy atreet. near St. Paula church. 174,199,141,188 J£.Offering(remanInjuryoftheheed,aadapparentlyin' 189,191,101,18,78,117,188,140,147,163,162,163,V^tBrowses Corar—GESESAL Tmni.—Notes of tone for tte May Geaeral Term must te filed oa or before April98^ce^nZ*JLto^I*m*Si n lIncreaseover1869,geaswereoiefarnetappearance AttbbornapeasantofthevillageofBelemnteTeaeearawerisj^w a ibrought for the purpose; ana Chemka rejoiced at bavins: aa » ^ W « 5 P « « , returned to tteduagneTef tte wrUimmediately token down b y a n officer o f juettoesoldbyauctionatCologne. Itiatbetreatrconcludedat www.fultonhistory.com 