 10inras FROM WAflHWeTON.Eevival ef t*i *r*tir **& Nicaragua.. Eatfteatton to tto ArvT^mg^^ # l t ti b i r f'ORK HEBALD, shall hay, e libertyXW^NESDAX liaRCH 81, I860.-1B1?LBcarve*cutofaTerritoryoftheUnitedStatesandoneo the States of the Union bad been organized by a Legale tore of their own election, and a Governor of their own appointment, and sent two delegates to Oongresv7 M J SHEET.latelllgeacc BjrtiTB»«'FaaoT"—Ons CF TBI PABTT—About eleven o'clock teat night !cf caneftraavtMao Fla,at.•tag communicatioa to -** tune* appeared in thatwTMFB" the time cf Milo-i goat d, alike byMMtfeTHE PACIFICRAILROADROUTE8Extinguishment of Indian Titles to Lands,treat each other OB1M fa nT * f a v o itreaties, unless you keep your treaties, unless yoa en- Drake also tiding wtth Fitzgerald, both of whom famous Baaiota Boy, with whose •m.,**,**.labors under a misapprehension. I was replying to the gsa and Downs. Drake is the same man win shot a neSenator from Virgmta (Mr. Macon), l ^ TM " ^ " 0 / TM gro tit Thomas street some time since, and was also inparticutar, bare not bees left is the dark anteappei taming to this great man, from the width Mto the polish of na manners; from the onto?of h-the intellectual brow that adorns toe kaowted«?ST 5Special WMhtaftw Desnsuam. WASHEVGTOII, March 90,1800.a #eubt aa to what hta doty * in assemtag the responsi- Mhty of changing the place of meeting of tbe OorrentiOB ktm Charleston. All the members of the committee nowSenator's amendment, and therefore had no point for company with Joe Coburn, who stabbed om:ser Darison inissuewtththeSenatorfromMaatasppiat,alL TheSenator Mercerstreettactspring,sadforwhichhe a no* eerr- excitingdetails,butalsotbetenderpaanonm D4OBB*TTBS RATJOBAI M M ocm *nc OIWIBBUOW.Smnitey, Chairman of the democratic Nationsdiscloses tbe fact that he dissents from the position of the Senator from Virginia, and I am therefore glad to findtog out a term of three years in Sing Sing Mr. Florence entered a complaint against all three for disorderly con-i of money saved tn railroad fare alone, if fifty id people attend, will be half a mutton of dollars.IBS FAOJIC RAILROAD. TheSelectPacificRailroadCommitteeheldtheir fourthAn. 6. —The same duties shall be paid on the importation into the territories of the republic of Nicaragua of any ar- ticle being the growth, produce, or manufacture of the territories of the United Btates, whether such importation shallbemadein Nicarsguan vesselsorinvesselsof the United States ; and the same dutiea shall be paid on thenon, was seduced away from her parents, at Little Falls,Herkimer county, New York, by a clerk in one at ourcity banks, under the promise of marriage.. The twt> leftlittleFallsinaa evening train, and,stoppingatPougbkeepsie two days, the ruin of the girl was there accotnMr. GBXVjf reported a resolution to pay the widow of planed. On reaching this city, she was taken to a house mirera We all know that the prize ringnAiartea a ^schools. Four hundred and eighty of these are in the district or grammar schools, thirty four hundred chil- dren attend private schools, and five thousand do not at-tend any school. The annual appropriation for schools isSweaty-five thousand dollars. The opinion of experienced a gentlemen, who have examined Che schools and the edu- cational wants of the district, estimate taat an annualj,rropr.*ticn or one nundred thousand dollars is needed. TBS rear oracs BLASCSCOSTRAOM.estate. But in case real estate, situated within the terri- directly, by the issue of new stock, the payment of divi sented to the committee. It arose from the peculiar and Martin, who te a thoughtless man, neglected to make ba that toe betting on Sayers is six to four. (jpatting a day or two for the action of the H J^se en the joint resaistjon passed unanimously by the Senate to suspend the law. Twenty four bids were received. It is imlerstood, by evidence before the investigating com- mittee, that one of the bids offers to execute the blanks at a discount of ninety-three per cent reduction from the prices for executive prxting, or at seven cents on thedollar.TBI Bajrram LAW.Petitions, numerously signed, are pouring in froman parts of the country, praying for a uniform which now exist or may be enacted in this respect.han^upt law. A number were presented to-day by2 The citizeu of the United States residents in the r e public of Nicaragua, and the citizens of Nicaragua restMrBarr, of Sew York, which were referred to the dents to the United States, shall be exempted from all Judiciary Committee. The indication! are that Mr. forced or compulsory military service whatsoever, byland or sea; from all contributions of war, mili Toombs' bill, which inclades debtors and creditors, win, tary *Tact5ob8, forced hW» Is time of war; buteffort to capture the desperado, but a blow on the aide of living. Nor are the prospeca rfa change for the better:Mproper action is bad, become a law this session. reeling in Congress is decidedly in favor of ita YaiXAB1B CABTA1G5 DOCCBHEXr.Thethey shall be obliged, in tie same manner as the citizens of each nation, to pay lawful taxes, muni- cipal and other modes of imposts, aad ordinary charges, loans an 1 contributions in time of peace (as citizens of the cccntry are liable), in just proportion to the property owned.T H I R T Y - S I X T H C O N G R E S S . roar SESSION.B e m a t e .retreat Ryan then turned upon Horton, with the inten- signed for tha depression was The dulnees of freights,tion of serving him to a similar manner, but tbe New which have been unusually low for some time. The ftrtt York policeman was not to be dispatched so easily. Draw-ing his revolver, Horton threatened to shoot bin assailant yard visited was the •The Democratic Campaign Committee has just published a very elaborate and valuable document on the rendition cf fugitive slaves and the Dred Scott decision. It is in- tended to give it wlie circulation.CTAB Artxas.1 learn, since my despatch of last evening, that Mr.Xtodcon, Marshal of Utah, has resigned. The delegate of ITmh Territory has no knowledge that Judges Cradle- Bacgh and Smclair have been removed, and denies the statement of a New York print that he has bad an inter- view, or has in any way been consulted by the President missive to judicial appointments in Utah. I have no coast, however, that these Judges will either resign or he removed.The Treaty with Nlcaraagaa. MSTSCITATION OF THB TBJtATY XH THE SENATI- CACCC8 OP TSB REPCBUCAN MNATORd—PBASfXCTOF THB EATIPICATIOS OF THB TBIATY, Bl?, OTB SrSCXli. WASBUKROS DESPATCH.WABBAWBTOS, Msrch 30, 1800. The republican Senators held a caucus this morning for who purpose of conferring together in regard to their ae-WASBINGTOF, March 20, i860. Mr. SnorsR, (rep.) of Mass., presented the memorial of Samuel May, a distinguished and honorable merchant of Boston, and four hundred other citizens of Boston, preying for the repeal of the Fugitive Slave law of 1850, have the unlimited right to go to any part of the territo the abolition of slavery In the District of Columbia, theif he did not desist. Ryan paid no attention to tbe threat,but continued to flourish his hatchet over the head of tbeofficer, when the latter thought it necesBary to fin nil pavtol. The ball took enact upon the person of Ryan, butwhether in a vital part or not has not been ascertained.At all events, it bad tbe effect of quieting htntfand allow-tata m Mas rejection of too Nicaragua treaty, and alsoTKSTTMOSIAI TO MBS. ELLBS E S T Birirr.— The compli-mentary testimonial to this acoomplabed tady, given lastevening at the Historical Society Ball, was a decided andwell merited success, creditable alike to the fair benefl- Jlr-^TTcntnn.i, anad reapcaiiriings the ship SamuelJ ksrbevi., rivers and iar be permitted to come, to fester the same, 1°the1 shall be payable upon the like articles being Ac growth, procuee.erinsnufaeture of any other f o r e m country.M l miH to-night. The first proposition was, that every importation into the territories of the United States of any United States may, with the consent, or at the request ofof ill fame in Wooster street, and forced to occupy a room in theJfcuse. She was nightly visited by her pretended lover, who kept putting off the marriage from day to daymuch more national aa institution, and supported bv ta many more aad better pugiiam them titan we can show here, that it may seem presumptuous ta me if I oaly hatmember should express his views on the subject of the article being the growth, produce, or manufacture of theswasher of roads to be constructed, and each member republic of Nicaragua, whether such importation shall bethe government of Nicaragua, or of the Minister thereof at Washington, or of the competent legally appointed tocal authorities, civil or military, employ such force for thisthe late Senator Linn, of Missouri, mileage not drawn. Passed.made m Nlcaraguan or United States vessels. The same•resent announced his preference. The committee then duties shall be paid, and the same bounties and drawbacss and fcr no other purpose; and when, in the opinion of theFl OR1DA CLAIMS.The bill for the payment of the Florida claims was Finally the girl threatened him, when he disappeared, that I, aa a plain, simple minded John Bull tproceeded to vote, and the first proposition was upon allowed, on the exportation to the republic of Nicaragua government of Nicaragua, the necessity ceases, such forsotaken up. since which time she has not been cote to find ha whore ly see why a man, who never fought but oneMr. BRAGG, (dem.) of N. C , spoke against the pay- abouts. Being without means and in company wtth pros- ring battle tn hte own country, aad in that was itories of one of the contracting parties should fall to a citi- zen of the other party, who, on account of bis being an alien, could not be permitted to hold such property in the state in which it may be situated, there shall be ac-corded to the said heir, or other successor, such time as •he laws of the State will permit to sell such property. He shall be at liberty, at all times, to withdraw and ex- port the rTocee-is thereof without difficulty, sad without l»y icg to the government any other charges than those which would be paid by an inhabitant of the country in which the real estate may be situated.dendsor otherwise, more than fifteen per centper annum, strange action of the Board of State Canvassers, which appearance in Wall street that afternoon, and went homeIf any citizen of the two high contracting partes shall die without a will or testameat in any of the territo-WHAT CABS OP STEALING PBOM Era MiSTHSse —Catha line Ryan, abas Templeton, a domestic lately tn the em- ployment of Mrs. Goodnow, of Mf. 073 Washingtont h e Superintendent of Printing did not open the biosfar prating the Post Office blanks to day. He intend ries of the other, the Minister or consul, or other dip- years from the day of toe exchange of the ratifications;route of eonmunicatioo, natural or aFaamm,w«r ^ e.r b^y ulanad or bythe terrttorieecfud te remain there and refit,subject thru* * water, which may sow or hSFCsnaw e M w ^ oonatruct- in your maps aad not known to your atatut<j»ekwtanditatnte«efUMtwo«uatrie«r<fpec«Tely.7d^no»r the authorityr of Nmvsgr „ ^ ^ ^ . aad filled with trespassers upon ladtan and publicv»ved in the tame manner ana u ^ equal terms be both Still you wont legalize their act, won't enforce thesag whentwo of the party,drinking _ U* e j ^ 1Nicaragua on the vessels of the United States, or on saty besdjasted^BTOtoslasveemeBt,if the omcesstensnail ( effects or merchandise belonging to citizens or subjects cf the United States, or open the vessels or effects of any * ^ L f f i f a h 5 c f « other dnttes shall be imposed «a other country intended, bono fid*, 'or transit across the faid routes of communication, and not for conramption tiitoormtt.m^te tte territories of Iha^sitedjtBteW within the republic of Nicaragua. The United States shallafySrt^cte^i: the growth, produee^r manufactuve» of also be at liberty, on grrmg notice to the governsacsa or ikJ.rTimbiicofKhmracaa,aad no kigherorother dntiea suthorWesofNiosregwa,tocarrytroops andmunitionsofl a « r b ? topc«d ocTteTinmiatioa into * * torrttoFtes cf the republicof JJlcaragsa of any article betng thetTOWth, nrodace, or manufacture of the United States, than are orsSSart355SaSSssarsM sad Drake were also pretty well beaten about theface, and there is little douvt hut hod not tbe policebeen promptly called in, it would have ended in cd. Thanks to sundry kind Amphitryon of one or the other being •hot Officer Rodgere of the the world in general, and we poor baaWhted Br Eighth ward, arrested King, aad took him to thestation house, where h» wounds were found tobe quite serious. Fitzgerald and Dra'w were lockedup in the Fourteenth ward station house bf cJloers Fmnijwjgewjtauuttee, * in New York. He writes here expressing nor sha'd any other or higher dutiea or charges he imposed aad munitions of war are not intended to be employed Hkea Peak, and ©occluded as follows:—Bst, Mr. Presi-intothe teriitories of either of the high contrasting on the exportation of any articles the ""territories of the ether than such s are or may be payable on the exportation of the likeANOTHSK PSOBABLB MintDSB —Last evcnrBg the Foirth against Central American nations friendly to Nicaragua dent all I have to say, a that the Indians are fading away ward ponce arrested a man named Peter Rodey and And no higher or other charges or tolls shall be imposed on before tbe advance of civilization like the enow ia spring Sarah E. Smith, charged with having, on the evening oflomatic agent, of the nation to which the deceased be and either party shall have the right to notify the etherlonged (or the representative of such minister or con sal or other diplomatic agent, in case of absence), shall have the right to nominate curators to take charge of the property of the deceased, so far as the laws of the country wiil permit, for the benefit of the lawful heirs and creditors of the deaeased, giving proper notice of such nomination to the authorities of the country.Art. 9—1. The citizens of the United States residing tn Nicaragua, or the citizens of Nicaragua residing to the United States, may intermarry with the natives of the country; hold and possess, by ymrchase, marriage orof its intentlon\to terminate, alter or reform this treaty, at least twelve months before the expiration of the twenty years; if noiuch notice be given, then this treaty shall continue binding beyond thesaid time, and until twelve months shall have elapsed from the day on which one of the partite shall notify the other of its intention to alter, reform or abrogate this treaty.Art. 22.—The present treaty shall be ratified, and the ratifications exchanged at Washington city, within the space of one year, or sooner if possible.Second Dtatrict Police Court, yesterday, on charge of stealing $78 worth of clothing and jewelry from her mis- tress. Soon after the commission of the larceny Catha-In witness whereof the above-named Minister Resident descent, any estate, real or personal, without thereby and Secretary of Foreign relations have signed the sameMr. CAMPBELL, (rep.) of Pa , said that Mr. Gilmer hadnot referred to Mr. WlMtemson'a memorial, whi:h waspart of the case, and clearly and distinctly charged that surrounded the house. The inmates were called upon to there was fraudulent and illegal voting for Mr. Sickles,who, It is alleged, used large sums of money for briberyand corruption.changing their national character, subject to the lawsand affixed thereto their respective seals.Done at the city of Managua, tills sixteenth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hun-surrender at discretion; but Catharine's husband, who aa desperate sort of fellow, refused to obey the summons,and armed with a knife and a hatchet defied the officers toTbe resolution pending was merely preliminary. The cross the threshold. The Chief of Police made a brilliant lyn who did not know which way to tarn to obtain s3. Nor shall the property of either, of any kind, be taken for any public object without full and just compen- sation to be paid in advance; andCharles Dimon. and attended for the Peruvian trade.4 The citizens of the two high contracting parties shallries of the other, and in all oases enjoy the same security prohibition of the inter-State slave trade, and the passagebeen quite active, bemg engaged te thoroughly overhaul- ing and repairing the East India ship Hornet.. At r there a an unusual quiet, and tbe prospeca are < poor.AAt the yard ofWILLIAM B. WEBB,j2C0 LBWB STKBV,There a s small schooner of some »0 assj««•ARREST or BURGLARS.—John Williams aad Philip since the launch of the General Admiral, ta June of last O'Brien were arrested by policeman McGuire, of the year.articles, valued at 120. Policeman Pike, of the Seventh precinct, arrested tbe teds, aad found tbe stolen propertyas tbe natives of the country where they reside, with the condition that they duly observe the laws and ordinances. Art 10— It shall be free for each of the two high contracting parties to appoint consuls for the protec- tion ot trade, to reside in any of the territories of ths other party. But before any consul shallact aa such, he shall, in the usual form, be approved and admitted by the government to which he a sent; and either of the high oontracting parties may except from the residence of consuls such particular places as they judge fit to be excepted.of a resolution pledging Congress against admitting anynew slave State into the Union, or the acquisition of anyslave territory, or tbe employment of slaves by anyagent, conductor, officer or department of the federalgovernment Be moved its reference to the Judiciary Committee.Mr. DAMS, (dem.) of Miss., moved it lie on the table. Agreed to, by yeas 80, nays lftCatharine, upon being examined by Justice Quackcabnsb, admitted that she stole tbe property, but said hor hus- band incited her to commit the theft; that he was present when the larceny was committed, aad broke epsa her matress' trunk. The magistrate committed the accused fur trialSlFFRBSeiOK Of TBS AIRICAS SLiVI TJUDB.Mr. WILSON Introduced a bill for the construction of five enjoy in the territories of the United States whatever pri- steamships adapted to the African coast for the suppres-nor a the prospect anything like what it usually a at tha seasonof theyear. At . ^ ^ _ _ ,vileges, exemptions and immunities as are or shall be allowed to the agents of the same rank belonging to the most favored nations; and in the like manner the diplo- matic agents and consuls of the United States in Nica- ragua (hall enjoy, according to the strictest reoproaty, whatever privileges, exemptions and immunities that are or may be granted tn the republic of Nicaragua to the diplomatic agents and consuls of the most favored nations.Art 11.—For the better security of commerce between a view of moving far its reconsiderai.cn. It is un. the citizens of the United States and the citizens of Nicarasion of the slave trade.Mr. Wuso* offered a joint resolution authorizing thePresident to negotiate with other nations for the right of search within two hundred miles of the western coast of Africa. *Mr. Wrxsos introduced an order instructing the Judi- ciary Committee to report a bill substituting Imprisonment for life instead of death, and applying the penalty to per- sons fitting cut slave ships or having interest in them.ACQnsmoR ot ixnus LANDS.Mr. SnusTiAif, (dem.) of Ark., introduced a resolutionam now doing, allow me to give it a profitable torn, more particularly asjudges of oysters may be benefitted. I shall dose by saying, that though it a a notorious fact that, whilst at no time for a year and more have oysters been so scarce,so poor, as they are at present, there are bring offered at tho old stand, No. 8 Broad street, oysters from water not fished in for yearn, which are superior to any that have been ofJered even at old No. 8 for many aTBOHA8T0L TI*'e, FOOT OF FORTT«00!rD BIBBST,they have been very busy for the past tour years, bu areatpresentina similar ^d l ^. , l ^^ ^tookThe diplomatic agents of Nicaragua and consuls shallgua, it a agreed, if at any time any interruptionthem are suite s number of republican Senators cf friendly intercourse or any rupture should unfor authorizing a treaty to be made with the Indians owningday.Nsw T o n , March 20,1800.GEO. T. DOWNING,anyother which we vkdted. tteyare building a smallathe rejection of the treaty, have changed their that subject, sad will, it Is said, favor itstaoatelytake place between the two high contracting par. ties, the eltisens of either, who may be within the the ter- ritories of the other, shall, If residing oa the coast, be al- lowed six months, and ir in the interior, a whole year, toland to and about Pike's Peak, and providing for extin guishing their title to the land.Mr. MASOB, (dem.) of Va—lam opposed to extinguish- ing the Indian title anywhere Let the settlers work out theirOWBsalvation.Mr. Dorr.LAS—So much the worse. I said particularly around Pike's Peak, because the resolution referred par- ticularly to it. The Senator is opposed to extmguahing the Indian title anywhere. Be says, 1st these people workNews ftroaa Anstrallr.We have received papers from Melbourne to tbe 17th ofJanuuary, and from Adelaide to the 18th.ctemaad the committee having ^ nfjjw to*^SlMrs. Blunt acquitted herself IB her hspptast• iiMasF , sadelicited frequent applause from a large, •?***> *TM.^*'criminating public. Of her excellence as spubDe reader,theSenatewas he*thisafter- winduptheiraccountsanddemos*oftheirproperty;sad locumed at length, sad a mo. c safe eoadnct shall he given to them to embark at sarfinally mads to TSCSBBJitor, sad while it was ; the Ssnate adjourned. The chances now are that» will be ratified by a considerable majority. lis toe treatyA*> mCAJUCUA, SHARED AT ' DAT OSwave full Uberty freer/ aad securely to come with their - sad riven in the am or map , sad to re* lively, also to the purposeslac maronasn ^ m r m m / , shall cBjsy thei aad security far their oommeroe, ***W*t" to t h * A W " M d •totutes of toe two countries.WMMM— mjr— fa-g. tospeak,ashermerttaalready There Is no political news of say importance. Parlia- wen kaown^aSrcmatod^New York, where she hasment adjourned on December 23, to meet again on January w S "goTdenTpm^ns- > from the public, and fchievcdan24. The most important discussion that took place was eadurins renutatioaas a pleasing aad acoompltahedJcad-in regard to the defences of the colony in esse of invasion. | ? tacomphsace with the unanimous request of the In tha esse Mr. Field moved that the Courtport they themselves may select Even in case of rup-ture, all such citizens of either of the high contractingparties who am sstablMherl In any of the territories of theother in trade or other employment, shall have the privi- out their own salvation. How T—by trespassing on the lege of remaining and iof continuing such trade or employ-Before Hon. Judge James MABca 20 —German ot. fae Peacement without any sssaacr of interruption, in the full en-joyment of liberty aad property, so long as they behavepeacefully aad commit no offcnoe against the laws; andtheir goods sad effects, of whatever description their own salvation. If you doa't protect them against they may be, whether is their own custody or the Indians they will protect themselves. If youMtonH intrusted to individuals orto the State, shall notArrivals and Departures. ARRIVALS.he Uable to selsore or Bequestration, aor to anyother charges or demands than those which may hemade Baca the like effects of property belonging to thenative citizens of the couniry in which such citizens may dian title, they will take possession, as they have done, the rcaMc. to the same case, debts between individuals,The total quantity of gold brought down by escort during the year 1850 was 2,292,012 os.,and during the same period 2,280.525 oa 14 dwt. were exported. Large aa te tbe amount, it shows a considerable falling off as compared wtth previous years. The general opinion aproperty to public funds, aad shares of companies, shall never be conflssated, nor detained, nor sequestered.A r t ISL-The citizens of the United States sad the citi sens of the republic of Nicaragua, respectively, residing Mi say of the terrttorlas of the other party, shall enjoy hi their houses, persons sad property, the protection ofgovernment, andshall continue inrxjeseseionof the antees whiah they now enjoy. They shall not be bed, molested, or annoyed in any manner on ao- cf their religious bebcf, nor la the proper exercae * thesr religion, agreeably to the system of tolerance • d m the territories of the afeh asilraoUng par- provided they respect the religion of the nation to as well as the constitution, tews codplacing themselves la an tinae their vovam withoutIndians will resist, bloodshedwill follow, and an ladtanwar will rage up and down the whole length of the hor.der, not only on this aide of the Mountains, but on the that our gold fields have seen their worst, and that 1860 ?Q^ ?^~^%$? other. And the Senator's policy Is for us to fold our armsand let them work out their own salvation. I am opposedto letting them work out their own aalvation in that way.Let us prescribe by tew what territory la open to settle-mentandwhatianot ThatwhtohteekacTtet ojkespCt«ed. Let the laws against intrusion be firmly and vi-gorously enforced Let the trespassers be kept oft the In-whe^present the Territory of Nevada, a Territory notrepublics aad their reejecttT',, * £ e B V . t o e republic of against them, won't compel them to submit to theTerri- aad Qwnelius Rtagerald, hatter known as "(tenNicaragua, however, reser ^ ^ rtgnte of aovereigaty torial government established, won't give them a govern- Fitzgerald,'' got into a dOpute over the same. ment, but let them wurk out their own salvation throughArt 16.-The Un'V ,, gtsies tetchy agree to extend their blood, revolution aad violence. That seems to he the Warm words paased protection to all Bu<-;fl routes of commuaicaUoB so afore- poiky of the Senator from Virgmta. Sir, this let alone when several ethers Jthe great prisethem for soma hi the dmpute,policy won't do in thia age. You will hare mere Indian among them Hen Drake, the wen snow* pa- the world has aeen-1 derive tha said, and to gfanmtee the neutrality and Innocent use of wars than you contract for unless you do make Indiaa ginst Finally, Fitzgerald aad King got to blows, tress American mkstacda-no auchthe same. T a e y also agree to employ their tailu«.nce wtthttoss, it a hereby .greed Betwaen them t h s t ^ f A W S j other BStf-^,8 to induce them to guarantee such neutrality force your totercourte tews, and ssy to the settler, auch s heat King shout the head, cutting a deep gash fame has been so busy for the teat sixand profectioB.And'jMrepublte of Nicaragua, oa its part, undertaketo establish one free port at each extremity of ons of tha afo/ esaid routes cf communication between the Atlantis so d Pacific oceans. At these ports no tonnage or other <T uties shall bo Imposed or levied by the government ofTerritory Is open to settlement and such a not, and unless ever his toft eye and ca the side cf his face, you organae Territories for the people instead of tearing supposed to have been done with brass knuckles. Flufiwar m their own vestete, [or otnenriseato either of saiftfree porta, and shall be entitled to their conveyance be-tween them without oba^ntctionbysaidgomrnaamtoFSvu-thonties.and withoutan* cbssgeBor tolls whatoTcr for their an ally ia him in this common cause. Mr. Douglas tret sportation en either Of setd routes; provided said troops then proceeded to show that the resolution reforred togranting aid for throe roads, and the vote stood three of any article being the growth, produce, or manufacture shall be immediately withdrawn.af the territories of the United States, whether Buch ex- In the exceptional case, however, of unforeseen or im- ment He thought no such claim could be made under titutes, she was induced by these lude women to join should be so "cock sure," in the cslsaatica of iyeas to eleven nays. The second proposition, grant- portation shall be made in Nizaraguan or United States minent danger to the lives or property of citizens of the Sjg aid to two roads, was defeated by seven yeas vessels; and the same duties shall be paid, aad the United States, the forces of said republic are authorizedthe treaty. No action of Congress had authorized such a them in their miserable life At first she concluded tic backere, to "whip" one of the L claim, and if them ever was such a claim, the claimants to return home, bnt fearing that her parents and moat experienced "pugs" tn ours.ss e«.bt nays. The th.rd proposition, m favor Sf panting aid to one road, was adopted by asame be unties and drawbacks allowed, on the export* tk>n of any artieles being the growth, produce, or manu- facture of the republic of Nicaragua to the territories ofto act for their protection without such consent having been previomly obtained.had already been paid more than the just demands He went over the history ofthe claim, arising from the inva-would discara her, she finally yielded to the influence of I am not blind to Heenan's many and great qualifica- her companions, aad last evening, for the first time, tions for the task he has bent hte mini on accomplahat. started out to walk the streets. She had been out but And yet I cannCt exactly see "in this handsome and ata-of eleven yeas to three nays T&e three the United States, whether sueh exportation shall be sonable vigilance to prevent the formation within their opposed the last proposition are understood made in the vessels of the United States or of Nicaragua. territories of hostile expeditions destined for those of thetreaty a renunciation of the demands for injuries of about fifteen minutes when who should sbo meet but her letic stranger, the man destined to rob Sayers of ha dear- the late invasion, under which these claims were male, brother, who, it seems, wtth their father, were in the city ly won ana highly-prized ti ophy—the champion's beh ' butfall parties in any way engaged in that war came to looking for the unfortunate girl the brother, overjoyed, he. "And wbyf" some one may say. For maay rea-or countries over the commerce of any other merchandise imported into or exported from the republic country or countries, or by imposing oppressive jsaatisfied at the defeat of the proposition for two of Nicaragua ss they shall see good, observing the laws exactions or unreasonable tolls upon mails, pas- sengers, vessels, goods, wares, merchandise, or other articles. Tbe aforesaid protection and guarantee afaall not. however, be withdrawn by the United States without first giving six months' notice to the republicof Nica-H o u s e o f R e p r e s e n t a t i v e s . WASHTSGTQN, March 20, 1860.Mr. Porna, (rep.) of Wis., offered a resolution, which was adopted, calling on the Secretary of tbe Treasury for all the papers pertaining to the removal of the late Collec- tor at Milwaukee, and as to whether be waa a public de- faulter.THS WBBT POINT ICADBXT BIU.The House then voted on referring to the CommitteeMr. Hamilton announced his intention to oppose a and eetabljhed custom of the country.stagle route. Mr Scott, of California, voted against the three The siice privileges shall be enjoyed in the territoriesfsatas, which would give Oregon a mad, and Mr. Steit,on the United States by the citizens of the republic of Nicaragua under the same conditonB.of Oregon, voted for the three routes, giving equal advanThe citizens of the high contracting parries shall reci- ptocally receive and enjoy full and perfect protection forragua.Art 18 —And it a further agreed and understood thatLower Police Court, yesterday, and preferred a charge offalse pretences against a man giving bis name as John ELMartin. Tec complainant stated that as he wai walking cuter strength. Ax.. soundness a another all importantsages to California and Oregon, and voted against the exsreme Southern and central routes, which Mr. Scott voted their persons and property, and shall have free and open tn any grants or contracts which may hereafter be madeaccess to the courts of justice to said countries, respec- sar The single road was voted for both by Stout, of Oregon, tiverv. for the prosecution and defence of their just rights;and Scott, of California An effort is being made to recon- and they shall be at liberty to employ, in all cases, ad sider the vote agreeing to one route, for the purpose ot vocates. attorneys, or agents, of whatsoever description, whom they may think propei; and they shall enjoy, inor entered into by tbe government of Nicaragua, having reference to the inter oceanic routesltbove referred to, or either of them, the rights and privileges granted by this convention to the government and citizens of the Usited Slates shall be fully protected and reserved. And if say such grants or contracts now exist, or a valid character. It is further understood that the guarantee and protection of the United States, stipulated in article 16 of this treaty, shall be held inoperative and void until the holders of such grants and contracts shall recognize tbe con- cessions made to this treaty to the government and citizena of the United States with respect to such tnter- ocesnic routes, or either of them, and shall agree to ob- serve and be governed by these concessions as fully as if they had been embraced in their original grants or conrequisi e, Aad a Heenan Bound ? What 1 allude to wiS on one cf the piers at the North river, he was accosted by be pretty generally understood by all who have takesinducing the committee to agree to the central and south' srn mutes, upon condition that a branch from the central .•hall be constructed from Salt Lake City to Portland, Or«-this respect, ths same rights and privileges therein as na live citizens.Texas Volunteers.Agreed to—111 against 72.the metropolis, innocently acquiesced, and the pair start- ed towards Wall street Jus; then the prisoner remem- bered that be bad a small score to pay at the Custom House, and drawing out a $100 bill, asked Bartow if beoffensive; lacking the power of using ha right band esse- toally. and liable to take more punahment than would otherwise fall to his share, from his Inability to "lead off* well, when < compelled to take the Initiative.'' A ooaa-Art. 8—In whatever relates to the police of ths ports, the lading and unlading of ships, the safety of merchan- 4*n. All the members of the committee were present ex- dise, goods, and effects, the succession to personal estates, cept Mr. Davis, of Maryland, who hat been absent from by will or otherwise, and the disposal of personal proper- ty of every sort and denomination, by sale, donation, ex-VOLl'STSSRS FOB VKW MBX1CO.Mr. OTERO, (of N. M.), introduced a bill authorizing theesc city several days.TBS CASS 01 B1ATT, TBS BABPBB'S FBBST WmrSBS.change, testament, or any other manner whatsoever, as also the administration of justice, the citizens of the two high contracting parties shall reciprocally enjoy the sameto the Committee on Military Affairs.TBS BICKLBS AND WILUAMSOB CONTESTED ELECTION.quenoe, as he could get the bill changed at the Naval of the New Yotk press, and should have been taken into Officer's desk, and entering the building in ques-tion, told Barlow to wait outside until be came back. account before so many overstrained compUmente wereMr Hyatt, the Senatorial prisoner in the jail of this dis-trict, is visited daily by his personal friends, Senators and privileges, liberties, and rights as native citizens; aadMr. DAWES called up the resolution reported from the In a lew minutes afterwards he made his appearance so lavishly showered upon him. But for these, ta all pro-Committee on Elections, requiring Mr. Williamson, con- upon the steps, and told complainant that he was unable bability. many sensible people here would have thoughtRepresentatives. He is preparing an address to the Ameri- ca* people, which will be issued is a few days.IBB FCBXiC SCHOOLS OT TBS DISTRICT OF COLCMEIA.The schools of the district are a subject of considerablethey shall not be charged in any of these respects with any higher imposts or duties than those which are or may be paid by native eltisens, submitting, of course, to the local laws and regulations of each country, reapeccvelv.The foregoing provisions shall be applicable to real es- tate mitnated within the States of the American Union,guarantee and protection shall be in full force: provided, that nothing herein contained shall be construed either to affirm or to deny the validity of the said contracts.days a particular statement of the grounds of the cmtest, and that Mr. Sickles serve an answer within twenty days thereafter; and that both parties be allowed sixty days to take testimony is support of their separate allegations.at Mr Martin's ill luck, when the latter thought he could obviate the difficulty if complainant would loan him $26. Complainant, ever ready to oblige a friend, banded over five half eagles, and Martin re-entered the Custom House for the purpose of settling ha account, leaving the Vir-Heenan te in every way whst a gallant athlete ought to be— brave and civil, strong but unpresuming on hte strength, a pugilist without allowing pugilism to sink into blackguard- ism, and last, not toast, an American without sharing in the too prevalent boastfulneas of his countrymen), JohnThe United States agree to use all legal means and rea- sion into Florida He contended that there was in thes> ss Messrs Aldrich of Minnesota, Smith of Virginia, and Art 7 All merchants, commanders of ships and others, republic of Nicaraguacitizens of the United States, shall have full liberty in all Art. 17 —It is understood, however, that the United the treasury and were paid liberally. He thought tbe threw his arms around her neck and wept like a child, sons: amocg others for these—Firet. It will be adsnoat•aauttos of Texas. Mr. Taylor, of Loaisians, voted with the territories of the republic of Nicaragua to manage States, In according protection to such routes of communi- government was imposed upon in an investigation of while the girl, under the excitement, fainted upon the that "the proof of the podding is in the eating:'' matee yeas, announcing that be would vote for one route, their own affairs themselves, as permitted by the laws, or to commit them to the management of whomsoever they with the understanding that the company building the please, as broker, factor, agent, or interpreter ; norcation, ana guaranteeing their neutrality aad security, al- these claims. He quoted from the opinion of Mr. Uutbrie, ways intend that the protection and guarantee are granted who examined the whole subject, end said that the conditionally, and may be withdrawn if the United States claimants had already been paid double their just rights.sidewalk. Several gentlemen collected about them, and Heenan's prowess has not been anything like fairly pros-upon ascertaining the facts obtained an officer, who se- ed , in comparison with what it moat be, yet Bravely die be contest with Morrirsey for the fpalm of lairifsscured a carriage, and the girl being restored, she was championship; gallantly baa be thrashed some nan* a taken to the residence of an acquaintance in Seventeenth hundred—if you like to call it so maay—-'roughs a street The girl, on finding that her parents would for- auriferous Benicta, where gold washing sad "milling'' give her for her rash conduct, wanted to leave for home necessarily, in that lawless state of society, go together. immediately, but she will not be taken home until tha Strong as a Hercules may be be, with muscles developed evening. Tbe alleged seducer is w»il known,and prompt beyond the common by heavy dubs and such like «xer.steps will be taken to make him answer at the criminal ctees; great may be hte power of counter hittag sad bar. avoiding punahment; but, granting all tins, k will still be very hard to prove to me thatPLAinro THE CoNrmsircB GAME.—Fransta Barlow, of Ha- he is the man qualified to take^.back withnover county, Va., appeared before Justice Kelly, at the him to America the belt ofing Tom Bayers. In the ring »»Fvend should name the route. The committee, at its next shall they be obliged to employ any other persons in those should deem that the persons or company undertaking or Mr. FOOTS, (rep.) of Vt., as chairman of the committeemeeting, on Saturday morning, will decide upon the capacities than those employed by Ni saraguans, nor to pay them any other salary or remuneration thin such as rente and there is no doub; whatever that it will be in is paid in like cases by Nicaraguan citizens: and absolute laver of the central road designated in my despatch in freedom shall be allowed in all cases to the buyer and sellermanaging the same adopt or establish such regulations that reported the bill, desired to express bis views, but concerning the trailin thereupon as are contrary to the as it was late, gave way to a brief executive session, spirit and intention of this treaty, either by making unfair after which the Senate adjourned.discriminations in favor of the commerce of any countryJawaday s BXRAXD. Messrs. Hamilton and Smith were very to bargain and fix the price of any goods, wares, orthem to protect themselves with the rifle and the bswieknifeMr! ruvm, (dem.) of Miss., thought we had better notmake treaties with the Indians. He was to favor ot coun- celling wtth them, and moved to insert the words "bold council" instead of •'make treaty."to D o r ! S - T h e Senator from Mississippi (Mf DarM),if be would fully realise toe amoatagfriends sad tbe public oa the otherside'of toe *to kin Tom Sayers in a twinkling, and n«i».i. JI?Tfl'directly to bear as well; we are t i ^ t o d t o a iwraaal of charming effusions of conjugal affection, eoucbedin ah th« wtnLing seaumentahue. o? verse^Ed s ^ c o e ? 2 ft penned by a present or prospective Mrs. Baenaa to sec absent lord, who has braved the dancers ofth«&Z« T* come to England to vindicate thepugUam i*from the aspersions cast upon it by thewhen tbe Cay shall arrive for aba tothe convey aoce or transit ofpersons and property of crBsens time before the approach of » summer sun. We know the 18th Inst , terribly beaten a girl named Mary Smith, bunch of fives for the honor of bis i the amor subjects of the United States, or of any other country, hey are dasppeartng. and must daappear, sad the ia Chatham street It seems that the two girls are staters, what, of cowae, must be to such a man a * h . « 4 white man take their place; and it Is idle•are, *>»« rive or Ms, are a fcyor of s change to Balti- articles to any other foreign counnry; nor shall any prohi- across the said routes of communication than are or pay or us to take the ground that we will not extinguish any and both were anxious to secure Rodey for a lover. iatiea, two hundred sovereigns aside. "Many', and «frmh public sentiment will sustain them, not- bitkm 'be imposed upon the isaportation or exportation of any articles the growth, produce, or manufacture of the wtttetandiBg Charleston was fixed upon by the Oonvea- territories of the United States, or the republic of Niecral rua to or from the said Territories of th« United States, or wall arrange lares at half price frcm to or frcm the republic of Nicaragua, which shall notwords, when Rodey and Sarah turned upon Mary and beat her so that she could net walk. She was found soon after by the police, and token to the Hospital, and vector day her recovery waa thought to be doubtful. Accord- ingly an antemortem examination was held, upon whichhved before Agamemnon,'' says the poet .butso brave as Heenan. Mr Barnum, the truly tPrietor of the Feejee mermaid, was a man of world wid- cetebrity; the astute originator of the wooden*aatamg spe. £1 V£o J7, J!t o 0 » « « « man; the gtntlemen engaged I, that ttttte busmem of ths PettanlTsniaa beads wsmmatttos. i learn that the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Corn-pretest against the continuation or this barbarism andsavage ferocity in tbe path of oar progress towards thePacific. Tbe time has arrived for us to act with referencetothat territory, and with reference to the Territory ofNevada We cannot leave them without government,without law, subject to penalties not enforced, sad with a warrant was asued for their arrest They were both York newspapera-but their day a ever, and the neat no other means of protection than the weapons they locked ap to answer. ana BOWa John *>•—• - > - —«— •- *<--*- — ^»»ySt Lena, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Loais- vile, and other prints if the Convention is in Baltimore. The immense ball for the aaavention, and hala for each delegation, will beequally extend to all other nations.Art. 5 —No higher or other duties or payments on sc- count of tonnage, of light or harbor dues: or pilotage, or salvage in case' of either damage or shipwreck, or on account of any local charges, snail be imposed m Any of the ports of Nicaragua on vessels of themen^in their way, too-men known to fame aadlSwthe government of Nicaragua; but this liberty is not to be tsrsahed free The hotels will accommodate all they u s T»Med Stoles than those payable by Nicara construed so as to permit such individuals or companies,a* the usual prices, and the private eltisens seem disposed roan vessels, nor to any of the ports of the by virtue of this right to transport the mails, to carry alsoUnited States on Nlcaraguan vessels than shall be payable m render all the accommodation In their power. The m the same porta on vessels of the Unite* States.passengers or freight.Art 16—The republic of Nicaragua agrees that,should it become necessary at any time to employ military forces for the security and protection of persons aad property passing over any of tbe routes aforesaid, it will employ therequisiteforceforthat purpose; butupon failure to do this from any cause whatever, the government of theqniry into tbe expediency cf making a treaty. Mr. MAKONwithdrew ha amendmentThe resolution then passed.bo Imposed on the persons and property of citizens of more Indiaa titles. We must do It My object was to Meeting in Chatham street at a late hour, they hvi semeNicaraguaAnd the republic of Nicaragua concedes the right of thePostmaster General of the united States to enter iato con-tracts with any individuals or companies to transport themalls of the United States along the said routes of com-munication, or along any other routes across the isthmus,in its discretion, to closed bags, the contents of whichmay not be intended for distribution within the said re-public, free from the imposition of all taxes er duties by ritory, mark out the limits in which the Indian shall be A SAB STOBY—Early last evening quite a sensation wis together, if lam one of those ignorant r .kept and those to which the white man shall be kept. erected oa Broadway, between a brother and stater, occa- a prejudice against "shouting till one a out of theThe amendment was disagreed to—Nays 88, yeas 5. sioned under the following circumstance* —About a ii 1 beiieTe that talking about a thing a best deferred^b Mr. SBBASIXAS explained his resolution as only an in month ago, a young girl, sixteen years of age, whose the thing bee been done, and that good counter hatha brname we withhold, owing to her being respectably con- a ring may be a far better argument in a maOsfar^ nected, but who has assumed the name of Cornelia Gan- than all the 'bunkum'' that, appearing ia Anartewcarry about their persons. We must regulate that Ter- Now, sir, it I should happen to be of iPROPOSED BJCCX9S OFOOVGRJ9B.Mr. Gross, (dem.) of Mo., reported a joint resolutioncolumns, could be perused by the greediest admirer ofa m *w b o t e daT> Pebbly eome people win Is thtakaa I am Ul natured as regards Heenan, and not inclined toriri himhisjustdue. A courseIdonot pretand^suea^S extensive experience of pugilism as the Beatote flovUadthatCongressadjournfromAprilSOtoMay20,I860. Ob- jected to. Laid over.on Military Affairs the West Point Acalemy bill as return- the prisoner, who engaged him in conversation, and much interest in this matter. Than, even according la ed from the Senate, with the amendment making an ap asked him to take a walk through the city. Barlow, be- the account of his warmest admirers, he te ackno vtedged propriation calling into service a mounted regiment of ing an entire stranger, and anxious to see the wonders of to be deficient ia science whenever be acta purely on thsPresident to call Into the service a regiment of volunteers had any change- Virginia was sorry he could not acoom deraiion of these facta has, no doubt, oontribated m a fer the suppression of hostilities in New Mexico. Referred modatc the gentleman. Martin said it was of no conse- great degree to lower the over-confident tone of a sectioncontracts; after which recognition and ageement said testing the seat of Mr. Sickles, to serve ca him within ten to get the change. Complainant expressed himself grieved better of his chances ia the coming fray. As it a (thoughArt. 19—After ten years from the|completion of a rail-road, cr any other route of communication through theterritory of Nicaragua from the Atlantic to the Pacific ing, and the committee had not yet been able to procure ginian standing in the street. Barlow, who had not the Bull has an awkward habit, when he bears the "toad tim-Merest at the present time. The statistics show that there I or withm the republic of Nicaragua, to which fo- ocean, no company which may have constructed or he to on any of them preliminary action. Tha case was not slightest suspicion of the real character of bis friend, brel" too freely sounded, of looking Inside tbe show to sec are twenty-four hundred children now in the public ! reignera shall be entitled to hold or inherit real possession of the same shall ever divide, directly or in- presented on its merits, for no testimony had been pre- waited nearly an hour for ha return, but to vain. Mr. for himself what a really going oa there, aad the result aMr. DAwas said there are seven conteste! cases pend-or at that rate, to its stockholders from tolls collected toft both contestant aad coatestee without ability to availthereupon; but whenever the tolls shall be found to yield themselves of the provisions of the statute,'of 1851. It or two afterwards Barlow met bta acquaintance in the great deal too much loud talk baa been expended, anda larger profit than this, they shall be reduced to the standard of fifteen per cent per annum.Art. 20.—It is understood that nothing contained in this treaty shall be construed to affect the claim of the goFcrn- meet and citizens of the republic of Costa Rica [to a free pastage by the San Juan river for their persons and pro- perty to and from the ocean.Art 21—Tho two high contracting parties, deeirtagto make tha treaty aa durable ad possible, agree that this treaty shall remain to full force for the term of twentywas claimed by a minority of the committee that Mr. Wil- liamson was called on by that law to serve a notice on Mr. Pickles, when nobody had determined or certified that Sickles had" a right to a seat; but it was the opinion of the majority that Mr. Williamson was no more ca'led upon to serve tbe notice on Mr. Sickles, than Mr. Sickles on Mr. Williamson.Mr. Guam, (3. opp) of N. C, replied, maintaining thatthe majority of the committee sought to set up new precedents which were at variance with the law of 1851 andwith all the usages of Congress anterior to that year, andwithout any foundation on which to rest them. The peti- street, was brought before Justice Quaokenbuah, at, the tion of Mr. Williamson stated he knew nothing of his ownSiowledge, but filed an affidavit of his attorney, Mr.much romancing, to the detriment of truth, indulged in I think, for the reasons given, that the champion's belt is not likely to go back to America in the keeping of her pet prize fighter, aad that the press of our imaginative friends there will have to chronicle. aa the sum total of the New World, to wrest the laurels of the P. B, from the 01d-» result as unsatisfactory to the persons concerned as was the attempt of that precocious urchin, whose name has escaped the page of history, who tried to teach ha grand- mother to sack eggs- However fortune amy decide, tint the Benicta Boy will have every chance given hia by the lookers on outside the ropes on the 16th of April, that there will be a " clear stage and no favor," and that tha beat mat, may win, a the nearty wKh ofTHE HERMIT OF H0LBQRYThe Stalp Yards of Hew Tarn. GSNEBAL IKACTIVITY—PCLL TTMB FOB 8HIF CARPIS- TKBS— PROSPECTS NOT VFBT KNCOCRAGIKG.One of our reporters visited yesterday the principal ship yards In the city, and found an unusual inactivity prevailing m all. It wss stated that such s uc vernal cu! - ness bad not been known for thirty years, and that there were huadreds of ship carpenters tn New York and Brook •dred andfifty-nine.MIRABEAU B. LAMAR. PEDRO ZELEDON.merits of the question will be inquired into hereafter.Mr. GABTRKLL, (dem.)of Ga., argued against, and Mr. the head with tbe hatchet compelled him to beat a quick at present very encouraging. B reason generall as-Indian lands, getting up an Indian war, and running up a debt of five or sis millions of dollars, as was done in Washington Territorycod then coming to Congress to get us to foot the bill- Thati. Is the way they will work outwho took part in the debate, most cf whom objected to any legislation which should teal to the removal or the troops at present in the colony; sad aa amendment was made and carried by a majority, to the effect thit the colonial militia should supplement rather than displace the regular troops stationed there. The amended resolu-place, on Saturday evening nextSve them tews for the prevention of crime, tionwasunanimouslyadopted. iey will make their own tews. If yon don'tLear, Dr Formento and family, NKaha, C i t e , ArtuaatdsLWes,MadWorthandSOB,MssVaMant,•VaJky,DKahn- TheCourtsuatataedtheobjectioncfrespeaaamaeji^toowsiter and lady, W •vans, MMarsoadet. Id Marnuta Aug first point. hut hoard argument so toestablish a government for them, they will establish their own government If you doa't extinguish the In.Verret, W K easier, Mrs GWJBB aadfivsebfUma; Mtes Prrsey.adian lands and reservations, and If the Territory a open to settlement, give tbe settlers government and laws, and not leave them to work out their own aalvation in violation ofthings with reference toPike's Peak aad the country Bur- rounding it We must either extinguish the Indiaa title or we must enforce the Indian intercourse laws by driv-and lady W Thomson, lugene Simmer, Mr semester, Mrs Rcul?y. Henry Kendall, Lfdmonda. D Gordon. Mr Lobar. A Cartrade-Total 100.DEPABTUBJIS.ouuolyofftosrswsothcMBoremvolvc^ The Judge, to de-ciding, said that the warrant of the ******. ^*„^^1 to a writ of -~IB oorpus, aad Wading upon toe f, who, therefore , could not be held respecaibte fortotheto bury the citizens of eitherB.wfaomsydieintheter- ing off the settlers and punishing them for having evadedm'tnc htotoryof the «of their own, which hi them. The same remarks are true with reference lo thegoing to the cars about hair past six o'clock. Fromthence it spread to the stables In the rear of Dorlon'sHotel, which, with m valuable horse, owned bv Mr.Samuel Davis, was entirely ooasnmcd. It spread from SawS ^ C u B t e ^ a a l a k A l Gthence to tbe American Hotel, owned by Mr. George i^wterot Degont, J Cteatette, N oY Tooker, which was entirely destroyed. From thence itcf.BBodgaraJ McHab,.lnosadmsin-Territory of Nevada. The Pacific coast a now in a blaze of excitement about the grand dacovery of silver en the east side of the Rocky Mountains, in Carson's VaUeyand the Territory of Utah. So far as I know a ibeen entered into for the extinguahment oftitle, and there will be one hundred thousand people in„.TBcrojd, T D J, Mr Bills, wife and five CHlter,a t c l l l s j e m c o *Ga Ime. Gassier, ErnanTand Gasparoni, fourclntyre, which, if introduced in a county court of tewor chancery, would not be sufficient to put a party undera rule of a m , for the simple reason that it states nothing with tbe hope of eluding pursuit. Policeman Hortm, stall. The County Canvassers declared the result correct-ly, and the error of the clerk in saying member insteadof representative in Congress, was not material.the danger of which wss fully admitted by the members w d i e n e e A e h ^communicated to the house of Engine Company No. 2, andM Bogeboom, Mrs Mr Eraetas Corning, of Albany, President cf the New , T MeKumer, Mrs Amid, Mias York Central Railroad; Hon. N. K. Hall, cf Buffalo, for-that Territory within the next six months. Am the dwelling house owned by Mr. George Remsen, and oc- 8AVABBA1you going to let them work out the MB Baraett, J HGeorge Stagluctlooary 'without even thinking of paying back the $25. In a day As regards the upshot of thia encounter, oa which astreet, and recognizing him, gave him into the custody of a policeman. Upon being brought before the magistrate. Martin denied the charge preferred against him, and said the complainant was mistaken as to bis identity. Barlow felt quite positive, however, that he had got hold of theright person, and made an affidavit against him accord ingly. Martin was lockefi up for examinationrine, in company with her husband, fled to New Jersey,however, got wind of her whereabouts, and, aided by tbe Chief of Police of Jersey City, succeeded in tracing' the fugitive to a house situated about midway between Hobo ken and Jersey City. Monday night was the time chosen for arresting Catharine, and soon after dark tbe policeCoFKUFQ, (rep.) of N. Y ., In favor of the resolution. Adjourned.D o w n i n g , t h e O y s t t r m a n . J. G. Bmrmm, ESQ. :—In your paper of today you say that "we regret lo team that our old friend, and soma time correspondent, George Downing, colored—oysters in every style—has met with some pecuniary disaster which will prevent him from shelling out to his numerous creditors just at present"1 admit the force of the words "our old friend;" for I have always felt that you were a personal friend of the Bownings; sad feeling so, I believe that you will allow "George" the use of your columns to say that you am mistaken as to his being "bankrupt" He is not aware that any creditor of his is uneasy, as it a known that be has that which Is reliable—quite sufficient to meet all legal demande that may be made upon him.l a m here at present assisting my brother at the oldstand until the commencement of my summer season atNewport I, in the meantime, superintend and supply street, and stealing therefrom some copper cola. John we were informed that there was htaratiy nothing detng, evening and other entertainments. I would Bay that I Murphy aad James Hayes, boys shout twelve yearn ofam negotiating to go to Charleston in a steamer to cater age, were taken into custody, on charge of having brokento a party going to the Charleston Convention. And now into the premises No. 948 Water street, aad stealingthat you have caused me to "shell out" in the manner I therefrom s quantity of capper nails sad otherWBBTXRVRXT SHIP TARI>. FOOT OF BOCSTOS STREET. There is a small steamer of three hundred and e ghty tons building here. She te not yet on the stocks, the skip John J. Boyd, which was burnt at pier No. 6 North river, a at tha dock for repairs. Tha firm teunched, some two months ago, the steamer Peruano, of (70 toss, built foring tbe police to arrest the prisoner, who was forthwithconveyed to tha city and lodged to confinement. Until now the yard has, during the past three months,Sixth precinct, on charge of baring burglariously en- At the yard oftered tbe store of William Housman, No. 114 Centre JOBJT E3CGL2S, FOOT OF TBRTH SrSBBT,in the cellar of a junk dealer hi the neighborhood. prisoners were committed for trialThet mwas, however,tbe opinionhere thatt»W*TMr\ ing up, and that there will be *<*t**^°*TMkJ;Second—That the certificates of the apohcattoa of too HATRB ABB BQtrreiBTTOB.-48taaBMhbj FnMoBrrOsear H plaintiff before ths Mayor were defeetrm^^ mmm«^I Schuster, M Fraatz, P Collet, A Fernicr aad lady. A For- -^achonTernando Coral P S Dowaing. APeneia, M bharara MOim and lady. O aossot, P moke. V Pmham. J F Ones, B oVpenbetaer, ^'Schnelde^ F Mairfert, P GalU. T Gflardi. Qwill show a very great increase. The various miningcompanies am only just getting to work, sad their camsaad other erections for the purpose of catching aad re-taining water, have to a great extent been Inoperative toconsequenceof the dry season. The real prospecta ofthese mining companies, launched at the commencement children Eflaaebe*, A_aarcia,Mtef L Ttendtor. F Ctaadot cfRVpreaentativesinl6*7. The q < £ s » » * J h e j u r a -of last spring, cannot be tested till tbe rains of autumn, and we shall be much surprised if at that time very satis- factory results are not obtained.F a s v JAMAICA, Lose ISLAND.—A fire broke out yes- terday morning in the stables attached to the American Betel, oa Beaver street, near tho Long Intend Railroaddepot, Jamaica. It waa first observed by some persons SfTfttdW Mrs Rldoa. two Mteses Btaoa, Mtes Armstrong_Mrs* en**.Berthed.ItaSanmm slrTCm <*J«?*bert,byvirtueofswarrantsauedhithoSpeakerof te*£eao diction cf CoBgress cWsss«taoiBtstoBmBgB_cf j a t o s e rt tVSTJSSSStoffi^M^wto»wm?•»;Untitled Documentir own salva cupied by Br. Charles W. Stevens, dentist, which were iosaa ILoeb.Mr MrsChasO Bread, A Bonaad merly Postmaster General, aad Mr. Alfred B y , of Roches-S M * * ' ' ^ " ^ ° " » £ * ! a act eS^arSmJaisS pathies sought to be enlisted on his behalf br aU La great way; and Sayers has had very gams aai tough mea to fight la hte time. Then, again, giving ths "massive, towering" BenicteBoy ever}- credit for mas-stocks. There has been nothing of importance dotal nerewill be remembered that the largo • t o a r n ^ Darnel£r». for the Albany day line, now iymg at the " » ^ * r r street, left tha yard in the latter part of Febnarj na* At tbe yard ofBOSlVRLT, JOTC* i » OO., work than* there waa more activity and appearance of workT a ^ are at present employed ta this yard about one buBdreTaBC B l S m a n T ^would be s greater demand for ships before toag.The Old Police Ca STJPFJrJO COCRT—CIBCCIT.her reading, at the jury that they should find a verdict for the i the following reasons —Bret—That it had been proved affirmatively that that plaintiff was not a citisen, and therefore be could act BOMgiving h a decauon.S o p e r l o r C o a r t — S p e c i a l Before Hoc. Judge Hoffman.THB FOWBB OF A SPIAIBB'B WABhAMT. Likmt^ra MARCH20.- Wiekelka*** «* ITwtaB, * * » • £ - * £ was a suit brought against the tetoShertMjr the escape of J. D. wTlhsaaon, who bad heea arrested m m exe- cuttoaawAtedhvtheplstatitt The defsacewss thatLMr. WilhamsoB had been taken out of the ShertfTB custodyimbeen before the legal tribunate, settles a vexed question ofe,atom ia the dramatic world, am atoppiag at ths Lafarge House. They arrived here yesterday, vta Baltimore aad Washington, from Havana bUkAi•Ov r—partiwhlnaof wariwsath te withia the ormnised Territorycf Utah,S y f l * The total. * • losstion? they have commenced organizing a go- likewise destroyed. The greater portion of the furnitureu „-w, Geo r Hayes, L Bcaeman, Mrs Joan Wood. Thee Judge. Bicbolaa Judge!) B Greene, dh B Kauffmaa^P Mew- brtes. R Hall. Hoiauo Dow aad lady. A H Davenport, C De lauraat and wite. Jalius Ataabroa, James Wria-bi, D O Fan- chain, H G Ipeacsr , Eaut Memo, John Mtitor aad * in theter, are mopping at the St Nicholas HoteLMr. H. W. Sample, of Iowa; Col. ManefitM, V. S. A.,and Judge Cannon, of lows, arc stopping at the Metropo- litan HoteLvernment at Carson's Valley, which tbey callMr. Tooker te fully 5 " £*•**•«• Ckwapaay of Hew York. the furniture s a d bvuidings Ii fromthe government of the Territory of Nevada, two thtrds ofin the different buildings was saved. a t , aThomas M309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com.Tryniskion 