 6NIW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, MAY U, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.arrived ia ou-' ay n Wednesday evening, brought and demagogical leaden of the Northern sac the preparations generally are of the most rated, but there are certain depths that they sense andfirmnessof the managers of the so-NEWYORKHERALD.theSouthandCentralAmericanmails,withdatestionalparivthegreaterportionoftheAme- from March 13 to April 26. rican people hare really no interest They areThe political n w* from Chile is unimportant, an active, buty and prosperous people, Intently BXTC* *XD the country continuing to enjoy the greatest tran- engaged in their own affairs and the art ola. w , OF B4am4« kXB quillity. A treaty o peace had been made with making money, and leaving rublio questions the Indiana, Several veins of nickel had been dis- to diacuasioo by professional politicians, who.completedescription.But,Independentofthe action of the municipal government, the mer- chants of New York, who are more interested than any other class in the mission which brings them here, should Inaugurate a grand reception of their own. Above ell, they shouldhaveyettoreach.Tinenjoymentofpowercietyatonceputenextinguisherupoaitifmay have corrupted them, but yet it has not the precedent thus set were more generally fol- stifled altogether in their breasts the instincts lowed there would be lees trouble and dissen-of humanity and good taste. If aa American sion amongst the religious bodies. The mo- democrat has been bred a gentleman he rarely ment it is found that Sambo is thrusting Mibelles bis early training. If self-created, he is wool into places where he has no business, he justasanxioustorenderhimselfinhabitsfit-shouldbeunceremoniouslybundledontHe•**«/(WMir.>>theprovince of Copiapa. This is the first lie affltini a pore matterof buaineei. At discovery < f the kind ever made in Chile. A newallovertheharborandrivers,andletthemall tedtothepositiontowhichhehasraisedhim-DAU.T mUUJMmo am* par MM. I t s w M M "nfi^ 1.0, M * y J i > i l i * . mttmommisonlytroublesomewhereheisallowedtoget a foothold.DECLINE OF THE ANNIVERSARY STOCX.—Ae- oordingly s s the various societies now holding their anniversaries here exhibit their balance sheets, it becomes manifest that the funds are declining, aad philanthropy stock looking down in the market For many yean previ- ous to thefinancialcheck of 1857, the tressa- ren' reports generally represented an increas-ing income every year. Since then contriha- tors have been lew liberal, many of the largest donon having been pinched by the revuUoa; but, in spite of the desperate efforts made te keep up the excitement, the fa__g off this year seems to be more remarkable than before. We alluded yesterday to the fact that the in- come offivesocieties—all of them more or lees anti slavery—for the past year has decreased intheaggregate overahundredthousanddol- lars from the income of 1858; and from the proceedingsofWednesdaywefindthatthere is a considerable decrease in the receipts of somethreeorfourmeresocieties,asfollows:—Mtcapti in im. ISM Decree*.American Tract Society.... $388,000 Am Confrelational Union.. 10,619 N. Y . Slate Coionix'n onotsty $7,600 A n and foreign Bible fnion «,000The Tract Society, it is well known, has for years been the hot-bed of dissension and bick- ering on the nigger question. It is engaged ia su Ddry fights every year, threatening its dis- solution; and its annual meetiog was shut upought to have suffered In his place." Thespeakers generally denounced the constitutionand the Union as a covenant with hell and acompact with the damned, quoting the elegantwords of Mr. Wendell Phillips. Y et all this positions as to sanction by their presence such qneetion whose receipts are declining, theftflMUIJ""" — "~MOMOTICMmJmmtf arn^MM MilMJMIIIIBI*. W** MMto their own people, to be remembered for all time.rmmtii amtmmmmm J»B PMumaomm*. Ajn'gMTMMMMjrratrrud m\I— WaratT I n m , VAXM.rVelaaae X I Y•Decline in Garrlsonian Stack.uiD«M.vr» TUB mjWMUia._ . OF •0«1C. reertoeath Sires* ItiXiAJf Ors-\m h t m .WTBfTBB OABDBB, Broadway, oopoabs LA JMTS. _ _ _ _ _WALLACsTf TElA TftE B w U n j . - H i u i t U f - BetKia Duesa'a.LAC—1 U i m n THIATBK, 0 4 Broadway-COIAIM •awe.stronglyopposedtoPresidentCaetUla'swarpolicy, ticalequalityuponfourorfivemillionsofthem.and a misunderstanding has, in consequence" The popular desire, therefore, is to meet thisgrown np between that personage and the Vice great and fanatical propagandism of the abo-rican Anti-Slavery Society has been holding its are there to be seen the members of our Le- usual anniversary meetings In this city during gislatures, our clergy, our merchants, our the week, and that thespeeches of Garrison and professional men, or, in fact, any one other leaders among the radical abolitionists holding a decent position in society. have been as extreme in their theories and aa Neither is the strange spectacle ever witnessedBBT A » W VIVBTKIL* i*we—tee HaU, ~ Broadway.- 8a-_M*0_, 8o*6». 0 - * c _ , Jko.—BUSAeaa* w raeoauLtlSLfys SALOON. BTM_VM-OM. C n o r r s Hi* m a s s m boaos, 1>AACSS. eo. —3LAC_ B*.CKDBU.00OHBB ItBTlTDTB.—Sminirios or Pan.*, i Oatat»AL Piinug orTUBUOUKTor OSATH—Dayand I?«Uf.it is supposed that Mr. Montealegrete, the present head ot the provisional government, has been elect- ed. The Congress of Nicaragua have voted a sword to Com. Hiram Paulding, for his services in breaking up Walker'B expedition.On the Isthmus the great event was the arrivalers of political factions to stand aside, and permit the true issue to come up, and the peo- ple to unite in its support If this course is pursued, and their divided partisans in the ad- journed Charleston Convention come together and nominate a conservative candidate, andThese are things, my Lord Grey, that theAmerican democracy omit to do, but which itseems the British aristocracy and press in this in a very summary manner by a motion ofWATIOIIAL OOBCCRT SALOON, Natlseal Soau', I. »m_», BoaLS.<*tc-as, * o .A M t m -FOUBTHepoch of enlightenment and progress especial" ly delight In. When we see dukes, mar- quises and earls so far forgetting their highJudge Bronsoo's on Wednesday, which put a stop to the battle this time just a«i it was be- ginning. As another evidence that it is only thote societies which dabble with the slaveryOOBWBB OF TBfBTBRN'TB 9TBK1T BVBBUB—CAurounu •aifAcaaiaA B Oof the Powhatan at Panama, with the Japanese one that will awaken the popular enthusiasm, Embast-y on board.TRIPLE SHEET. flew YarM, Friday. Amy 11, 1S60.T h e Hew».The National Union Constitutional Convention,modified. The news had a pacific effect on the dis- affected States. Mr. Wyke, late British Minister to Central America, had taken his departure for Eng- land.Gotten was tolerably active yesterday, and the sales em- braced about 3,0t0 bales,closingwithafirmfeelingon thebasis ofll%c- a llJjCformiddlinguplands. The quotation for the same class of cotton in yesterday's ge- neral notice, at I'.^c, was accidental. The re-to the meetings from curiosity; and evenDigger will smash up all those societies,m* H~a •«*.«mm coveredinthe<esertofAtacama,situatedin also,truetotheAmericanimpulse,makepnfc charterafinesteamerandshowtheJapaneseheart the great masses are conservathre > • » k a B M r i ? * • ( k M M M M t MMMMii M M K * • Chile wtfa th- La Plata provinces, crossing the and love the Union and the constitution,see the vast commercial facilities which thef F J WKKMLr MSAALD.line of steamers to England and a railroad to unitemighty Andes, are spoken of, and there is every as things that hare largely contributedto their Individual prosperity, and to the greatXMf*iniMfimiin^iMfi•*•»*>>j*•_• IMM«M<M MT«M «rWMmm<rmrrjjniriiti"VoTrrxYAJtr mRKmrowDUMVB,•mm rnHcmnt /trm arnt mtmrrnr tf WM rprobability of their being realised. The proprietor is Mr. Wheelwright, an American gentleman, whomense forest of masts which line the shores of both rivers, and the fleet of steamers which ply upon their waters. This will be a sight the grandeur of which they never conceived,the admission of the negroes to that social equali-ty which most follow the conferring of poB-munity, there are certain self-imposed restraints which prevent them entirely forgetting what they owe to their dignity as American citizens.If, therefore, we are amenable to the charge of neglecting our political concerns, and leav- ing them In the hands of improper persons—for to this, after all, is reduced the gravamen of Lord Grey's philipic—we can extend still furtherthelistofour shortcomings,andpoint out to his lordship a variety of other omissions of which we are guilty. At none of those bru-.Mew 131boiling pointThe Peruvians, on the other hand, are veryPerhaps, unless we called especial attentionto the fact, the majority of our readers wouldquite overlook the circumstance that the Ame- tal exhibitions called prizefights,for example,Broadway.-Daydent to attract the united support of the fana-At Baltimore, yesterd ly, adopted as a platform thesentiment, "The Ooni-titutioa, the Union, and theenforcement of the laws." and thereupon nomi- ceipts at the ports since the 1st of Sep-more manly and useful tastes than those of the cock pit and prize ring.anditisquitenatural,forthiscommercialcom- munity will not support any religious society or any church which makes the slavery ques- tion a part and parcel of its doctrines and de-nated John Bell, of I'.mneaaee.and Edward Everett,of Mv-sachuaette, rebpectiveiy for the Presidencyand Vice Presidency. W e pnblian in our columnsthis moriiii s a full report of the proceedings of theConvention, together with accounts of the ma- country and Liverpool at latest advices, and making libe-iaithfu), excited by the opposition of the anti- abohtionists, poured their contributions into Brother Garrison's lap, and all the other brothers and sisters in office were fed with the stalled ox, drank the wine of gladness, and waxed adipose upon the fat things of the land.Council.The Board of Health, at its last meeting, disruption of all interests common to the Northhaving come to the conclusion that it does net and South. The people are about tired of thisnuuvren of thtj wirepul'en* outaide and inside, and sketches of the candidates.In Congress »est--ru »y the Senate resumed the consideration of the Homestead b.li, and after con- siderable debate p_*.-<*] it by a rote of 44 to S. Aral allowance* for the supplies in the interior to come forward, and then put against this aggregate the con- sumptive wants of Great Britain aad (he North of Europe, with the Increased demand in France from the repeal of the duties, combined with the wants of our own spinners to the end •( the cotton year, and we can see no solidpossess legislative powers, and that it cannot act for the removal of nuisances which are endangering the public health, the question then is, from what quarter are we to expect aid should the city be suddenly threatened with pestilence ?kirid of philanthropy; the interest in it is dying out gradually, audit will take more th*u a hundred parson power machine to revive i t In fact, the anniversaries are pretty nearly used up, and the time may not be far distant when the merry month of M*y wil! no longerrretlatfon, directing the Judiciary Committee to in- reason, bejoo I unexpected political or financial oonvnl- quirewhetheranyvesselfittedoutattheportof sions,whichcansorto—lyeffectthepricesofthisstapleNew York tor the African slave trade had been to the end of the season, though the crop to known permitted to escape, was offered and laid over. to be the largest ever before made in the his-But this is all changed now. The philoso-phers and martyrs who stood the tar and The City Inspector, as shown by his bring to New York its array of dismal facesTammany delegations with causing the split in the Bell, of Tennessee, and Edward Everett, of party, and all the evils which may result therefrom. Massachusetts, are the appointed standard After passing the above resolution.* and transact- bearers of the so-fltyled constitutional Union ing some financial business, the committee ad-subjected to and accepted all kinds of indignities at the hands of the Emperor during his mission to China. British history is clear upon this point Even the good offices rendered to Lord Elgin by our Consul, Mr. Harris,inJapan,whichcompelled theBritishpreme Court, and to enact a law giving a slavethe privilege of having his case passed uponby that tribunal. The republicans also con-ciliate the religious sentiments of the North.ferred over to the Common Council, and this will be the last heard of itCommencing at Thirty-seventh street, on the Eastriver,andrunningtoThirty-ninth street, there are estimated to be, in a standing pile,journed.party,Mr Bell is a,hard, dry man, of the old schoolIntheBoardofSupervisorsyesterdayaresolu- tothefossilremainsoftheoldwhigstrata tionwasadoptedtoemployacompetentengineer inpoliticalgeology. Hehasnosympathiesin to survey the channel ot Harlem river. The re- common with the present generation, and his port in fBvor of accepting the proposals to build a name will awaken none of the enthusiasmsome of whose geographers, in representing theness of our common country. They are tiredhas already done so much to develop* the re- of the fanatical outcry about the nigger, atd and the record of which they will carry backsources aad promote the material prosperity of Chile.Bolivia continues her warlike preparatlone against Peru, and orders to assemble the National mm *»SU Guardhavebeenissued. Martialenthusiasmisatdo not at all sympathize In this branding of agreat social institution at the South as an eviland a crime. Beside this, there is an inherentantagoniamonthepart ofeverywhitemanto The Abolition AanlversarliPresident, Should CastOla persist, the probabilitylition of slavery for political purposes, and tois he will be driven from his office and perhaps put it down, and the only thing that intervenes banished the country. Efforts wereteing made to between them and their desire is the personalinduce a European immigration, with a view to the culture of cotton; but it was thought the project would fail.quarrels of Presidential candidates.The Baltimore nominations of yesterday can-savage in their manner of expression as ever before. The Church comes In for its usual share of denunciation; it Is charged with se- ducing our public men to their ruin and self- degradation, and particularly with the political destruction of poor Pierce, "who wanders like Cain, with the blood of Kansas on his hands." The South Is a "Sodom and Gomorrah;" "slave- holding religious revivals make jubilees in Hell and mourning in Heaven;" "slavery is a stench and a nuisance, which the American government ought to abate;" "John Brown was the King of Virginia;""his execution was a bloody murder, and the executionerson our Exchange of the triumphant reception and public reward of a common pugilist by men whose wealth is acquired in peaceful pur- suits, and who should be the first to frown down such persons Much as our press is abused by the English, we defy a single Instance to be pointed out where any journal, not specially dedicated to sporting, has given the slightest encouragement to the brutal prac- tice which has recently received the endorse- ment of the leading English papers.Ecuador is still in a state of anarchy, which will not override this great evil. These quarrelscontinue as long as General Franco remains in the country.Dates from Buenos Ayres to March 13 bring in- telligence of the formation of President Derqui'swill still continue, with as little regard to those nominations as if they had never been made. The Chicago nomination will probably be made upon the slavery issue, disguised as much as877,818 M T 1 84,409n t BOW1RT, a m r - B - U T ai—re-Baowaa Dow ministry. He was installed in office on the 6th. possible, so as to keep up the distraction4 U s MT 22,491 34,8«0 1|,*Mn t - d o w i Y oua VBCLM.•A»J»P1T8 AMIB>CA> KDOWK,••- £ii_f—Dot—Urun. Ccaiosmas, la.General Urquixa's farewell speech is spoken of among its opponents, and yet sufficiently evi-highly.In Central America all the States were tranquil.tical sentiment, especially in the rural districts. passed off quietly. From the returns received IDthis crisis it becomes all the wrangling lead-The election for President in Costa Rica hadThe Baltimore Union Convention has pre- Chinese Emperor which no British statesman sentedthefirstticketthatisfairlyinthefieldwouldsubmitto;whileatthesametime patronageofthegovernmenttothefreeStatesWe again devote a large portion of our space toreports of the proceedings of the anniversarymeetings, but notwithstanding the publication of atriple sheet ELKRAXD, w e are compelled, for lack of into opposition to the democratic organiza-space, todefer thepublication of several reports tionontheBankquestion,andeverafteracted pease the foolish animosity of John Bull NegroisGod—heisbefore all andaboveall. Among the latter are proceedings of the various with Mr. Clay and the whig party. Withoutofpoliticians. Enteringuponpubliclifeinthe early days of the Jacksonian party, he wentThe republican motto is the spoilsfirst,and manure always on band; and at present thetowards this country for its suocess in establish-Swedenborgian societies, which met at theNew anyremarkable genius or capacity,his long ingfriendlyrelationswiththeEasternnations; theabsurdityoftheGarrlsonian theories,andChurch in Thirty fifth street la«t evening; the cele participation in public affairs has given him a and this action of the British ship-of-war Erne-, have cast their lot in with the republicans.bratiwooftheninthanniversaryoftheFivePoints practicalexperience,whichconfersuponhimraid towards the Japanese Ambassadors atTheinterest,therefore,whichwasformerlyat-House of Industry at the Academy of Music, and the African Civilization Society, which held their meeting at the Church of the Puritans.The United States steam frigate Roanoke re- mained at anchor in the lower bay last evening.an apparent statesmanship among the small politicians that have wriggled themselves into senatorial and representative seats, lie is an estimable man, but he belongsAspinwall, is the latest manifestation of that tached to the anti-slavery meetings, issmall jealousy which animates Mr. Bull upon no# directed to Chicago, where the re- borne with, simply because the CommonCoun-t h i s s u m w a s h a n d e d o v e r t o t h e I n e b r i a t e A s y l u m ,andthebalancetotheAlmshouseauthorities.The obtained;andthisleavesthestrugglebetweentheseAmbassadorswereconveyedfromandkeeponaccommodatingrelationswiththetaryofStatetoday,inregardtotheSanJuanaffair.ItBoard of Health and the Common Council? it pretty evident that tbe matter to not so easy of aolatioa Not a solitary measure of sanitary reform has as Lord John Russell supposed. Tbe proposition of the English ffovernmeat baa been peremptorily a a d positively Co. They open a newstockofpoliticaldry evenbeenconsidered bytheCommonCouncil declined by ourgovernment, aad the final settlemeat is goodsatChicagonextweek,andwillbepre- -inceItcameIntopower;andevennow,When asremoteto-dayaeit«aanthebeginning. Oargovern-Board agreed to adjourn over till the 22d insL, to the Chicago nominee and the one of thead-enable the republican me.abers to attend the journed Charleston Convention, if it should American eagle in his eyrie—along the coastChicago Convention. unite at Baltimore upon a popular and con- to Panama, and again found the stars andbe carried on by thefirm of Seward, Weed &The Board of Aldermen met yesterday, but servativeman.stripesfloatingtherefromournationalvessels;and,crossingtheIsthmus,weregreetedagain In the Board of Conncilmen last evening a re- is, that the people cannot get the true issue of by an American squadron In the Atlantic; andtransactednobusinessotimportance. portwasreceivedfromtheCity Inspector,givingthe names, residences and salaries of the persons in the day, and the one that looms np in thehis employ. The Inspector, however, could not give future, fairly and squarely set before them.Thegreatdifficultyofthepresentcampaignparedtosellforcashorapproved creditany fromthencealongourshorestoNewYork timebetweenJuneandNovember,whentheyhe necessityfor action becomes dallymore ment,asfrom tbe first, maintains itsundisputed right to imminent by the near approach of the sickly the island. What new pounon England will next aaiunxbay, they must have been pretty strongly Im- the names of the parties who recommeaded said em- The dying out of the old questions npon which; pressed with the extent of the country withShould a pestilence make its appearanceployes for employment. A s the particnlar infor- parties were ranged has left the politicians and mation desired by the Board had not been furnish- ambitions candidates an opportunity to push ed,thereportwassentback forcorrection. The theirownpersonalclaims,andtoendeavortootherbnaineMtransectedbytheBoardwasdevoid constructpoliticalplatformsadaptedpeculiar- of general interest ly to themselves. For this reason all of themThe Board of Public Charities and Correction areengaged in swathing and bindingnpthe held their usual weekly meeting yesterday. A n local sentiment of the different sections in interestingreportfromtheCommitteeofthe politicalties,andcommittalsonabstract Whole, recommending important reforms in the ideas, so that the real issue cannot becommercial relations. Then,whentheyarereceivedatWashingtoneventAHERICAXDEGEJCWUCTANDENGLISHPERFEC-among us we have only to bear It with It is substantially the Senate bill. It changes the pay »f patience, and return thanks to our city fathers surgeons, making their pay more uniform It wJl bei innerofconducting thebusinesseftheinstitu ns, was presented and accepted. W e give an .street of this paper elsewhere. The Board havegotat;andeachcandidatebringsforwardhis bantling, with about as much real life in it astherefore acceptthelecture which the noble of,forthereisnoknowingatwhatmomentthe Earlhasreadns,hopingthatby-and-bywe wontmaybenponus. Thelivesofamillionady reduced the expenditures of the depart mightbefoundin anEgyptian mummycoeval cat 24,830 p e r annum, A ease o f consfderAble with the forefathers of Moses. Over theseJair ir.eetotheinhabitantsofNewYorkcity, theyengageiapersonalsquabblesandwrang-tenders them a hospitable welcome—ail these things,combinedwiththedisplayofpower andprosperitywhichwilleverywheremeet their eyes, must do more than anything else to revolutionize the ideas of our Eastern neigh-of people are trifled with as though they were We cannot help observing, however, that ofnoimportance,andthe interestsofthetrad- there was a singular inopportuaeness in the ing portion of the community and commercetimechosenforthislesson. Certainrecent havetoyieldtothepersonalwantsandselfish!r,WwAiU .1•%•'•-• empted his second ascension in a balloon ever since Mr. Buchanan came into the ad- the relationship which the recent treaties haveSHOW HIM THE DOOR.—The manner in which toImposesilenceonsuchasubject. Didthe Dr.Wolcott'santi-slaveryresolutionsweremet Mr.Barr«committeemetthissaoratof,irthequestionwhetherweeretohavea liDgs,whichembitterthepartisansandcon-.jpolyornot,isnowpendingb*f«e the fusethepeople,untiltheprevailingsentimentreminiscencesshould,wethink,havesuggested viewsofthosetowhomthecity'swelfareis mer. Tbecommitteewillendeavortotraceitamie farther, and see i any membs*« of OsagTaes received say? Court OeDerJ Ten— Is one of not caring a fig for any of the aspi-gusto* M. Conner, a pupil of Professor rants. These quarrels have been going on bors and impress them with the importance ofpeople or those whom they elect to office?poenaed to appear again to-morrow, as the committee hare made some addiOcaal discoveries la regard to sas- mittlng tbe Kansas constitotion to tbe people.lace Garden yesterday afternoon. Tike established was of brief dotation. Theballoon -inUtration,andtheyhaveformedoneoftheliic I - ud gtaUra steamship Roanoke, wluh.More money has been appropr'Ated for the faces?'bought that there was a fair chance for creat Ug a division on the question^ but the goodelicited.Jae Siatte rvsi <?£;* £%*;t^e tun aia*g djc jskwrepublicans.ILthe therjfS pr^ae* by fee f»B»tte>| vaccorded to visiters from any other country. to the orator's mind as he looked in their its members since the last struggle. It was gttca before tbe Govode committee NoUuag new wasgovernment to recognise them by the gift of agold box to an official, did not suffice to ap- the negro afterwards. To the Garrisonians, theamount Is supposed to exceed that quantity— theproperty of privatespeculators andcom- panies. The horrid stench which it emits is plainly perceptible in Third avenue, enter- ing into every house in the neighborhood, poi- soning the atmosphere, and carrying disease and death with it; and this must beall occasions. But let it pass.The Japanese have a very extensive idea oftheareaoftheirownempire.LiketheChinese-publicans have their quadrennial meeting next week, and put the Almighty Nigger throughhispacesinapracticalway.There are rumors, too, of coquetting between thecil finds it inconvenient or unprofitable towill either go into bankruptcy or move their which the empire of Japan has entered into friends, they*will be left out in the cold in anywithallduehonor,andvisitthisgrandcom-mercial metropolis, it may be that they will bestruckwith the fact that whileInJapanandChina the capitals where the Emperors reside, andeventheinteriorofthecountry,aredosed tostrangers,thePresidentoftheUnitedStates insistsupontheirbeingfirstreceivedatthenational capital by himself in person, and the may turn It to account governmentofthe first city in the republictorthevisitation. TheywillhavenothingtoreportedtotbeHouseon Mondaynext, withtaevtwof pattingituponMspassage.1HB OOVODB IXVBWIC.ATinvWendell was examined again to day by tbe CorodeCommittee ia regard to money used to pass tae Eagli*^ _1L B y a a examination of h a bank book and e—«r papersthecommitteetracedthirtythousanddollar*into tbe bands of three lobby men, wbe are supposed tohave used it in tbe passageof the bill.The parties wbo received it are Mr. Walker, at pre sect com, pendent of tbe New York tmproi Mr. Hay, of Fennsjlvanla, aad Mr. Btao. T%* latter, it appears, only received fire thousand dollar*, so thattberemandarwentintothebandsofthetwoter-Untitled DocumentP*T1*ti>aa[i; .irjvTtntclti? *u\and.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069T B I O C U i M A I L mn a v K S .self. Even amongst our professional politi- metropolis commands, together with the im- cians, the most worthless clan of the com-degrading and brutal spectacles as that whichElection law of New Grenada will probably be pends over the constitution and the Union, and general public, who will not even go took place at Farnborough the other day. we an increase of $20,000. Sooner or later theAccount* from Bogota state that the obnoxious die people will meet the danger that to day im-attracts little or no attention from theAmerican Bible Society this year showsconjure it forever. If they do not do this, they will give the victory over to the black republi- can spoils hunters, even before the battle is foughtReception off the Japanese Embassy in the United states, and Its KflVcta.The Japanese Embassy is now in the United States. So far the government has acquitted itself veiy creditably in according an appro- priatereceptiontotheJapanese. Theywere entertained at San Francisco, Panama and As pinwall in a manner which must have impressed them most favorably towards this country. A tPanama the American squadron received them with booming guns and flying colors, and upon arriving at the end of the Isthmus journey the Home Squadron greeted them in like manner at Aspinwall, so that they found the maritime power of the United States represented on bothshoresofthecontinent—afactwhichcouldnot fail to strike them with a conviction of our na- tional importance.mae land claim bill was made the special hancement of prices. The subject Is important, but want vessel, solitary and alone, which spread no bee*of the day; but it will not be for them toorder for Tuesday week. The House of spaceforbidsourpursuingitfurther. Weunderstand enterintoandpossessthe vineyard. Whenthe andsafety,and*whose managers,with butfewtook tip the Territorial MIL), aad had an exceed- some purchases of the lower and cheeper grades of cot colors, gave no sound of welcome, nor exceptions, seek only to enrich themselves out ingly stormy session. The main point under con- ton are being made on French account, to introduce in participated in any way in the festivities, harvest is ripe It will be gathered by Seward, of the public plunder. Surely this is not aanticipation of the aboliiion of the duty on the 1st July next, which must have presented a forcible contrast Greeley, Weed, Blair & Co.siderationwasabdldeclaring noil andvoidthe andwhichisintended,Itissupposed,totaketheplace totheeyesoftheJapanesevisiters. Thatves- Thereasonforthisstateofthingsisvery flatteringstateofthings;butisitnottimethat actspassedbytheTerritorial Legislature ofNew ofEastIndiasuratstothemanufactureofFrenchgoods. selwasaBritishman-of-waroftheWestIndia simple. TheabolitionistsoftheGarrlsonian itbebroughttoaclose,andonrlivesandpro- Mexico legalizing slavery in said Territory. The The duty to be taken off cotton amounts to about 2c. per school belong to the impracticable order of po- perty be looked after before It is too late?bill was finally passed by a vote of 97 to 90. It was lb. or about $8 per bale. The flour market was un- squadron, which had just arrived at Aspinwall, Voting away the public money by thou- rubaeqaently agreed to print all the amendments changed yesterday, while sales were fair. Wheat was in with, we believe, the British Admiral on board. liticians. Like Yancey and the extreme fire- sands and tens of thousands of dollars Istember last have reaahei 4,243,000 bales, against 3,K o.'.oo last year. The total exports in the same time bare"reached 3,273,0C0 bUes, against 2,463,000 last year. The stock on band amoofls to 573,000 bales, agairst 4bS,00C last year. Taking the stocks both in thisInthepressandprivatecircles. Thenthe The Public Health and the Common bates,tending,assuchproceedingsde.toaThis resolution has reference to the case of the brig tory of the country. It shows that consumptionStorm King, in which Messrs Rynders and Maun, was overtaken production, so oiesely as to absorb snob a slate of the Marshal's office, are implicated. Both immense crop at high prices. And should the world keep decorated with the colors of all na-Rynders and Muunare nowunder indictmentfor atpeace,itsdemandforcottoncan suffer nodiminution tions, yards manned, andguns thunderingperjmungthebrigtoproceedtosea.Theflou- insuppliesfromthisstandardofproductionwithoutanen- out a welcome, there was onewar Phillips&Co.havebornetheburdenandtheconductedwithnoregardtothepublicwelfarenpomiT FROM WISHUGTOH.to the bills and postpone all the Territorial bills fair request and rather firmer. Corn was In some better This conduct of the British ship is but another eaters of the South, they go for the immediatetill Saturday next. During the discussion Messrs. demand aad prices were firmer. Pork was in steady re evidence of the petty sulks and jealousies dissolution of the Union, and a war of racesKellogg and Morris, of liluois, had a squabbie, qi.est, with sales of new mevs at $17 90 a $18, and or new for the extermination of slavery, and the con- which led to a metion of censure upon Mr. Morris. prime at $'4 a $14 12>i. Sugars were steady, with sales which John Bull is so fond of exhibitingPassageoftheHomesteadBill in the Senate.THE AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.Investigation of the Case of Ryadcn and MUM. of Mew York.about the only business which our CommonCouncil proceeds with alacrity to execute,while the already overburdened taxpayer hasno relief but to look on and pay his assess-ments.TheCityInspector,inalatecommuni-cation, implores the Board of Health to givehimpower to removea frightful nuisanceinthe shape of private manure dumpings whicharedailycomplained againstbytheneighbor-hood, when that body discovers that it is with- Abrogation of the Slave Laws outpowertoact,andthecommunicationisre-of 600 a 000 hhds. and 400 boxes. Coffee was quiet Freightswerefirm,andwithafairamountofengage meats, at full rates, for Liverpool.towards this nation. On the Eastern question sequent destruction of the material Interests of heseemstobeespeciallysore.Thepressandtheconfederacy.Ontheotherhand,thenewLively Debate an tbe Slavery Qatstfea in U>eHouse*Tne motion was. however, withdrawn and the mattersufferedtodrop. TheTariffbillwasthen taken np aad passed, by a vote of 105 to 63.A meeting ofthe Mozart Hall General Committee was held Last night at Moz~rt iiall. Resolutions were passed endorsing the course of the Wooddelegation a t Charleston, and thanking t h e South emStateswhovotedfortheiradmissiontotheConvention, and charging the free soil Regency and for the coming Presidential struggle, and John it is notorious that Lord Amherst was chiefly; to change the organization of the Su-TH* Noaalmatloae atmde off the Country on the CfcuMtlOB of the Davy.the Parliament of England both united in sneers and abuse of our Minister to China. Lord Palmerston stated that Mr.Ward sub- mittedtohumiliationsandindignitiesfromthelights—the republicans—although they hold to thedoctrines of the Garrisonians in theires- sence, do not propose to carry them out by vio- lentmeasures.Therepublicansareforslavery within the Union. They purpose to devote theFiare-Up Between Messrs Kellogg and Morris, of Illinois.Baltimore— Attl-Amidst the gay group of our ships,the faith which was in them—have been super- act This is the condition of a people who have to pay this year eleven millions of dollarsthank our stars that we have not as yet reachedseme of the faithful have fallen away from this depth of degeneracy. If we have re- which make him a s'andicg dbh in theirgrace, as is apparent by the diminution in the society's receipts. Time was—and that not a great while ago—when the abolition and anti- abolitionfeverragedtosuchanextentthatthe halls where the meetings were held would be over-crowded night and day, and the doings thereat were the universal topic of discussiontained, in common with our English cousins' operations, and already the sjmptoms of some of the sturdier features of the Anglo. dissolution are evident in the decline of Saxon character, we have reason to be grateful the funds. This is a very happy omen; that they havefound their developement infeathers,theunmerchantableeggs,thecon- Januaryreport,iswithoutpower,forthe andwhitecravats,asofyore. tumely, the stripes and the prison, for the sakeof the colored man in bonds—the apostles who want of action on the part of the Commonsuffered, like the original Twelve, all things for Council, and the Common Council refuse tosededbymorepracticablepersons. Garrison, insustaininga systemofinstitutions thatareIn fact, the Seward party, although abolition-ists,drawitmuchmilderthantheGarrisonians fromnineteentotwenty-one thousandloadsofA very large number of abolitionists have seenmay give then- serraats.map of the world, occupy nearly the whole Garrlsonian leaders and certain very prominent for public opinion, so long as they can retain THK XIW TOBK MATT AOKSCT.space with China, and stick the rest of the republican Senators; and these stories may the tacit permission of theCommonCouncil. It is reported that tbe name of Mr. RUBMU, of Ulster newcountyjailwasrecommitted.TheComp- amongtheyoungmenwhichisabsolutelyes-globeintoacorner—theyareimpressedhavecausedsomeoftheoldsoldierstodropWhatdotheduectorsofourcityrailroadscarecounty,NewYork,andoneofthedelegatestoCharles-troller sent in a communication, stating that the sential for a successful campaign. His chanceswith the conviction that Japan is a place of great extent; hut whenout of tie ranks and button up their pockets. bow many human beings they cram into their ton, will be sent m to the Senate to-morrow as Navyamount paidintothecitytreasurybytheExciseCommissioners last year was $9,940. One-tenth ofasaPresidentialcandidatearethathewillre- c e i v e a b o u t t h e s a m e v o t e t h a t Mr . F i l l m o r eAltogether it would appear that the small t r e a s o n s h o p o f P h i l l i p s , G a r r i s o n & C o . i s o n San Francisco—where they found the the verge of bankruptcy, and the business, enlarged to wholesale proportions, is now tocars,evenofthosesufferingfromcontagiousd i s e a & e , s o l o r j g a s t h e y c a n e n r i c h t h e i r c a p i t a lAgentinNewYork,viceGeorgeN.Sanders,remored. vat SAJT JVMM vjnemrx.L o r d L y o n s b a d a p r o t r a c t e d I n t e r v i e w w i t h t h e S e e r *season, there Is the same inattention to the shop to Washington. As for Garrison and his public wants on this literally vital question.intbemattertbenextmailwillprobablydisclose. 1KCKBA8S Or THX CAY Of SAT AL OFFICERS.The House Naval Committee have finished their aaasd- tneats to the Senate bill increasing the pay of the taryTION.—InthepicturedrawnbyEarlGreyof fearfromitseffects;for,beingwellprovidedthe degeneracy of the American democracy, with the ready means, a safe retreat can be ob-fewpersonswillbedisposedtodenythatthere tainedforthematfashionable wateringplacesis some truth. We shall not reform our baok- or convenient country seats. This is a matter,slidingsbyignoringtheirexistence,andwe however,thatitwillnotanswertomakelighttoitsauthoralittlemorereserve.Inthesameaugust assembly in which It was delivered I theie sat several noble lords whose presence I one would imagine would have been sufficiententrusted. Whoistoblameforallthis?—theofthirtythousand. MortimerThompsonhasbeensab-tHBSBwvoax reauc gross OOSTRACTS. imst the wall ot the concert roonr. and chief Ingredients of the local and partial suc- We believe the reception of the Japanese tine honored adage of the impropriety of in the American Tract Society proves that the Mr. Purser, of New York, hi regard to the public.trreceivedinjuriesfromtheeffectof J '•• i at eleven o'clock last night.ceweswhichhavebeenobtainedbytheblack Embassyinthiscitywillbethefinestever throwingstonesfromglasshousesneveroccur niggerhasnotgainedmuchgroundamongst contract. Htttretimonywaanearlytbesameasthatof New Mexico. Passage of tbe Tariff Bill ia theTHE BAN JUAN ISLAND AFFAIR, As., Ac.Owr Special Washington Drtpatrh. WASHISGTWS. Mar 19, IMS.ns jAramas muuasr.Tbe steamer Philadelphia leaves acre to morrow f*rNorfolk,aadwillbringuptbeJapanese,whowtlibe allowed some days rest before tbe gore—.meal lavishes npon them tbe honor* BOWin preparationU n i L OP THS 81.AVB OODB OP AKW KIXIOO.Tbe bill passed by the House to day repeals all laws ia interfere. Fat boiling establishments go on New Mexico establishing either peonage or African increasingwithImpunity,theproprietorscar- slavery,andalsorepealsasectionprohibitingtbeCourt ingnothingforthepublichealth,andaslittle fromtakingcognizanceoranycorrectionthatmaster* www.fultonhistory.comThe, Aaierj^*atow:*a*.j have degene- 