 eeosa nyarmyeo1my6e«thave«•*•*•"a*lli"**^ thrtistBetog character JTy stem wavy it *nw / a r fTM bests adequate to our n<p*reme*ti, and A* atonaeridoe*mot nmrly«r»eXlkff stoWagasiw tmett.tr, m fke tme of Ktna Lmtit J******* mmw anderanna;batdedaStfromUrnkins, to annoanced by the Mk are oacht to take everything apoa< willccenprieecharacteristicspectsseosoftheballadsnabBatUtofHelaaao. 00.000 la Algeria, 6,000 at UMBO. 1,000 ta China, 00,000 Tbe goveramsat m the Daststor Garibaldi hatofindfault,wouldnothavefailedtocalltheatteotioa of Europe to such unusual proceedings, ami their patri- otic reservations would have given everybody to under- stand that the empire bad just entered upon a BOW *ar of adventure. la tba prssenl case the programme of therent that this proceeding of the chiefs bad for object to taadtofreeh hestilitka - " • » •mire! Martla, upwards of t ^00 Ohrtottaa wesson sad children have been saved from the horrors of f.-.-—--- .„A wirdmt,m "•"• THK VERY LATEST.Th* Tarta journals speak of the probability of an inter this mouth between Victor Emanuel and the Bn.A letter fr m Milan states that atgartan soldiers, having obtained ball cartridges, fired toss a corps of Chasseurs noted for its loyalty to tbe |A sergeant was killed. Several or the Hungarian <geodaratea, tbe sick, and the inw eonseriBtsy sad yen will see-whet a tba troth-that my rsgtaaento a ntba two foUowiag bulletins to be publiahed — NanosiAi Caxr or Mam, July 91, 1800milltory authorities aad the governor of the towa ra-ce vedthsm with opea ««as,j ^ b e s ^ t o Whrertathrm thf naroatte refugees, whom tbey, the Druses,like sheep. Of all the 600 persons, aaa man alone that, wtth tbe aaeaaa pieced a*htodtoseeal by Visaed,That morning, at six o'clock, aa exchange of musketof nmaltor effeetive strength than duriag tba pre .shots took place; it was thought at ftrst to be an outpost, French government waa traced oat beforehand FaithfulCapL Paysdat, sf the British ship btsaaath, rssertaceding reign. The a** addttle* to tba army Us* baa hat it soon became a general action. The royalists hadartillery, oa oar side there was asm*. The straggle waste tba tradittoas of oar history, it waa bound te assume the initiative, and it did so Full or respect for treaties, sad otdetetence for friendly Powers.it could not do other wise than invite their assent, It did so, aad.what it still better, obtained their active oo-operetioo. Tomorrow, perhaps, the combined fleets ef France, Eagiaad aad Russia will appear oa the coast of Syria, re tdy to act to- gether la punishing a common injury. Turxey herself, henceforth admitted Into the groat family of Europeanbare since Vlllafranca, neither does, nor even thought, two others at tbe entrance. The Velxe steamer cannon States, must forget that she baa bean for centuries the_id—a oertain Bonloa Soma The oourt was, even to days afterwards, a foot deep ta blood.", u e PariS Ptdrit announces that Spain Is I s reappear at the council board of the Great lowers Of Europe as thebaaa made By to* ereettoe of the Imperial Guard. More-over, while eraabios f»r P*MM, I desire abw to organise were fighting in the open. At one moment the position thefer«*hof Ibecxteatry oa tba beat possible tooting, appeared difficult, bat at the magic name of Garibaldi for, if foreigsert bate oaly t e n tba bright tide of the laat our men rushed aa like lions aad carried the position.and at twenty five minutes past three oar troops entered v w , f myself, oioaa at Land, bate witnessed the derecu, Matosaa, after saptoring five pieces of artOasry. three of •ad I «ah to remedy them. Bartaf aa|d thaa much, I which were taken in the action outside the walls, sad theescaped the iwk wardneas of making a square terminal or a ground p* estal by following tbe antique ta the beauti- ful bust known as Clytte, ta tbe British Museum,! In which the figure appjars sinking into a flower, as Cirtia was said ta iave changed Into a heliotrope. Mr Powers has mads ha Proserpina springing from leaves aad flowers, tm became the daughter of Ceres, barn ta fruitful Sicily. J.scripts and autograph letters of a vary m- •acter.chlefly collected bytbe lateRey^ Joba sold recently by Messrs. Sotheby A: Wllkin- -Apuleii Metamorphosis, Save. XV on vet- in a semi Gothic hand, with initial letters intins Piedtaaua In Cioeronta Orattones, Swc. w hand, with tbe arms of the person for executed, £96. Dtctys Creleasta de Bello XV ., a beautiful little ItaliaJ manuscript,The r«ita»iiaiaj says that on the occasion of the visit of ink Emperor and Empress to Teuton, their Majesties will be entertained with an artificial volcanic eruption, and that an immense mass of useless rockets,4sc., lying in the srnenal—the accumulation of half a century—will be burnt up to tend reality to the scene.anytbiag which could alarm amy one. Waea Lntaletta l for Constantinople, tbe laatructkma whlab I f a r e i confined to this—"Use every effort to maintain imterettof Frmee it that T*rke* tftstOdlis ai laai ai wsntfr "Nov, then, aocar the uiissairws ta Syria, dud ft ta ss-sertod that I am Tory itad to find a new occasion ofmaking a little war, or ot playing a new part. Really,peoptogtve me credit for very little common aaaae. If Iuneasily propoaad an expedition, It waa because my fael- was terrible. There waa fighting along tbe whole line., London Timet say s that since UUhare migrated from the British tales, ^ b e a e,86,7*6 went te the Morth ssssrtraa colonies, 2,960,706 tbe United States, 6*6,699 to the Australian group of ie*. and 86JB4 to other localities The annual ave- rom 1815 to 1869 was 109,347, and for tbe last teaill ttsAt the foot of each coupon or the new Papal loan are thelowing initials, 8. G. D. G , which stand far Aa) Gratia Olcrijicantu. A holder of several of these coupons lately sadly paxxtod by these mysterious letters,1 -.b baffled all bis effort* at interpretation. la his par. plexlty be applied to a friend. "IS tt poasiblef" retorted the latter, "ahy I thought everybody knew that. They mean Ansa Carswna Di CtarftaMt (without guarantee ef Garibaldi)."taga ware Umae of the people whlab haa put me at ltt head, sod tba taaaObjaaae (rem Syria traaaportai ma with todlgnsriow My fir* thought, nevertheless, was toto an understanrtiag with England. Whatthaa that of humanity coold todaos ma tointo that country ? Could it be that the pamasston of itthat Alcana, notwithstanding lit futare advantages, isa aoaroa of waakaeea to France, which for thirty yearshaa devoted to tt theparaatof itabloodaad Ksgoldt 1•aid it la IMS at Bordeaux, and my opinion la atillThere waa a great carnage of the Bourbonists, who fought with much obstmacy, so that it became necessary to gam ground foot by Tool under a shower of grape. Thsfleldof battle, covered with tbe dead bodies of the enemy, ana with baggage of every kind and five guns, was at tost conquered, amid* cries of "Long live Italyf" "Long livebrought tba relative positions of Urn two States into aportent questions of European policy has been found to exist. In this union Germany will find fresh guarantees lor her security, and may hope that ta future the tm- portance or her interests will weigh heavier in the balance of power in Europe. Europe will by the Toplltz meeting obtain fresh guarantees for the maintenance of publicby Vargetl with the arms of the Cardinal Fame* 10, £27.of Tracts on Grammar and Prosody, by , ta the 13th century, £69. A Book of Art, filled with beautiful borders and . in very pure condition, £119. Horatii .written in tba 10th century, on vellum, -lis Satyne, Sasc XV., bcautifally written, 5 the autograph letters may be mentioned:— A collect arranged ta three volumes, on Scientific, An-U e tame—/ bam eves* eeaematt to mate, oat only »n also suffered very little, but the lorn of the continentaliel Defoethefalre _j of Madam Honor Dryden," written while a student Cambridge, £10. The sale concluded w ith Ave Armenian luscrtpts, finely written and illuminated,terrible, tbe royalists being under cover, while our meaaded tba fort, where the royaitota shut themselves la, constantly paraaed by tbe bayonet; tney warn crowded there aa in a barrel of aocbovies. Oar amo than took the ftrst gats of the fort aad a bastion, aad our flag is floating (Wehaive a heavy lost to deplore; that of the royalists l b s surrender of tbe fort and the satire to considered certain. A reinforcement, with rifles cannon, has this instant arrived for us. Tbe sol-personificatloo of Mussulman raaatictem, for ehe has now promised to take part in the signal chanttoement demand- ed by humanity and Christian civilization.diers of Spadaibra are retiring upou Gesso.JCIT XI, I80O.lUtt, wri red, £00 XV. in a whom it Trojano.TheSouthampton this evening.Yesterday, at six A.M., the battle comrae iced atMe- iasxo, aad was net over before eight P. M. Tba battletbe meeting of the two sovereigns at Toplltx have aotbeen disappointed. The approach to a better understand-ing between tbe two cabinets baa been promoted by tbUmeeting in tbe manner to be desired. This meet n* h w £15 Won VBaOctavii.Snc XVI, exnatettely writtenPnu, Julyll.iaag The Iaxarietesad Sisters of Charity, aad other weasss of Damascus, safety arrived at Beyrout uader aa escortfurnished by Abdel-Kaderfranc* BviKi0iMm-gmK*mMtim,hermmr^4nai^mmt soldiers baa been considerable. Enormous loss, enormous those who expect from the meeting st Toplttx a changet a4im^tfkrrm*rm,lmtMlmmamp*g*a *»mate. tkartajUMaaiitiaaitcwaoa/ormyawMMonaadtufftcient totatitfyil.It wan difficult tar me to noma to an aaderatoadlng with Hngland on tbe .abject of Central Italy, because I wag bound by tbe peace of Villafranca. At to abutter*damage has been Inflicted upon the enemy, who in flying was driven Into the redoubts, and from them into the rest of tbe fortress. He was pursued thither, and the water conduits were eat off.This morning, the 91st. the Bosco presented himself to the Dictator, and requested leave to quit with the honors of war. "No," replied Garibaldi, "you shall leave dis- armed, li you please."In tbe Internal policy or Prussia, and shows such a change lobe impossible from the known policy of both the Prince Regent and his minister*.MmtCH, duly 29,1860. The King of Bnvarit leaves for Potsdam on a visit tothe royal iamily of Prussia.[From the London Times, August 1.]It is remarked by some of tbe German journals Mutt the report of the Military Committee of the Diet ot the Confederation, rejecting the Prussian plan of reform in the federal military system, was presented at Frankfort on tbe day the Prince Regent o'f Prussia met tbe Enperor of Austria at Toplitt. It had been believed that an im- provement in the complicated and inefficient organization of the federal army would ne one of the questions dis- cussed between the two Powers at Toplitz But as the Austrian representative at the Diet opposed the Prussian plan, by instructions from Vienna, the hope of any change in the German military syrtem Is reluctantly abandoned. Tbe accounts of tbe Interview arree In stat-which 17s. od.An quality£197. 6s. Total of the day's sale, £1,086. X_„'« of twenty-two pictures of the highest importance, being the choicest portion of the tod Belvedere collection, the property of the ley,waasubmittedtopublic compelitlonjSir ., by Messrs. Christie, Mansou and Woods, on rooms in King street, St. James's square, Lou-Fabrezxi and Interdonato hare marched to Gesso, by Jtesy, / am free from engagement*, and 7 otic NO better order of tbe Generalissimo. The enemy occupying thatvery celeCulling"the 7th itbeir gndon, ben ., a very crowded and distinguished audience. These pictires, with five others or minor note, realized the astouupding sum of £25,887 ISs. within the short space of an hour and a half. A Murillo, "The Immacu- late Conception," was put up at 6,000 guineas, and; ad- vanced by pOO guineas at each bidding till it reached' the enormous amount of 9 000 guineas, at which sum tt was adjudged to Mr. Graves. Great applause followed. Another, «y Rubens, was put up* at 1,000 guineas, and advanced 900 guineas at each bidding till it reached 7,500 guineas, at which sum it was knocked down to Mr. Ward.tKanaotmceH « ^ JBa#to»d on *Mpoint at oa atter*, but, position withdrew immediately to Messina.Tbe Dictator, m a cavalry engagement at Melazzo, cutla Heaven's name, let the eminent men who are placed at 0! with a blow of his sabre tbe sword arm of the major tbe bead of tbe English government lay aside petty jeal- of tbe Neapolitan corps that was pursuing him; afterousies and unjoat mistrusts.M a i understand oaa another to good faith, like honestmen as we are, and not like thieves who desire to cheat (eaah other.which tbe Neapolitan cavalry were dispersed and destroy- ed—a juet punishment of their fratricidal obstinacy.Iiong live Italy! Long live Victor Emanuel!The following is an extract from a letter written at Melazzo oa July 91, by a volunteer from Turin to a rela- tion:»who meet on the Syrian intervention will finish their task standing. Garibaldi had part of his boot and his stirrupto morrow (Tuesday.) There seems to bo a wish on tbe carried away; btotMrse was also wounded, and he was tic whom the radiance or the sun could uot convince, norSince 1520 uiarri. sa have been officially registered in England and Wall The population, which .amounted to about 16,720,00' in 1845, was estimated at about 19,740,000 In 1S69, bei j an increase of about 18 06 per cent, or 1.20 per cent iDually. ].parhof some to leave as much time as possible to theForm for the suppression of the atrocities In Syria, andthe chastisement of the perpetrators, without calling forforeign intervention. In tbe meantime France to hurryingon her ateaarsttons for the expedition. A subscription which had done all this mischief was takeu soon after. and eastern horizons assumed the same appearance as tbey list pas been opened at Paris and the departments fur t i e Then the Neapolitan infantry opened and gave passage toGaribaldi will not listen to tbe propositions of Emanuel's Utter—dictated by France, aad calling on the general to abstain from any attack on tbe continental dominions.Tbe Conttitutionnel of Monday expresses hopes tnat the •ooisvnaltoa In reference to Syria will be signed to-day. the London Tbaet correspondent lays—The peat weekwas a period of anxiety and alarm In the commercial and financial world.'She tost advices from the manufacturing towns indicate aoato improvement.The appearance of tbe wheat crop his improved within of a third with his revolver. Statella brought down one tba last month. There was a further decline of prices in antagonist, while another, who sprang at Misori's throat, waa killed by the fourth shot of his revolver. While this struggle was drawing to a close, Garibaldi rallied his scat- tered men, charged with them, and either took or killed the rest of the fifty horsemen. Seconded by his centre, he next charged the Neapolitans, Bavarians and Swiss with the bayonet. The Neapolitans tied at once, but the Bavarians and Swiss mads a short stand before they gaveBlue saffron Hibiscus Africanus2 200The prices ef wines re-Paws, July 29 1860 The Marquis da la Green waa intrusted with t i e mis-sion of proponing to France and England that tbey should direct a French and Engltob deet to cruise off Calabria and Naples, to order to prevent any landing of Garibai-dtojes.sent to this proposal.In order to obtain the adhesion of England, che J< ••• iproceeded to London and was supported by i ,.r ' .. : ny in planing b'n demand before Lord John i is> i M. Theuvaaatatoo transmitted a note to Lord Cowwy, sittingthe Pane floor market tost week.I t a l y .Fxommoa, July 29.1300.Tbe A'anoae of today says:—Garisilili has taken lie lasso and entered Messina. The royal troops atill occupy the citadel. Baron Kicaaoii has left for Turin.Greeuunch Mean Time. large quantities of cinders, and the- eruption was accompanied by a subterranean noise. On thehuv- 1... 1.0 other result than to confirm, purely and The French government signified to tbe Mtrquis its as- ! <-:»[.: uc, powers previously conferred on the Federalprepared to pay for it by cession of the Balearic Islands to France?Jtrice. Jaconets taken ror the Glasgow trade are in bat Ittle requeat. The reduction in the prices of cloth from the highest point current a few montns ago is 21. per lb. on the average—a yery serious decline, but against which there is the fall in the price of cotton, ahich is not Incon- siderable, and with all this difference manufacturers have the satisfaction of reflecting that prices are at a much safer(Saturday) only, a l l P .M., the Turkish received hto initructiooa, which ware un- met lately oomniumoated by him to M. Thoavenel, whoUmreopon convoked a second coufereoce frr Monday Nanas (via Gea<w), July M, 1860.The Commander Piaaelil has promised to disband tiw,_ _ _ _ , Harass (via Marseilles), July 94,1M0. Hotel of Foreign Affairs.Of thel 120,432 emigrants who leftflreat Britain and! about 15,000f.Ireland 1* >t year, 2,016 of tbe men were agricultural la- The army of Francis II. may now be estimated as fol-borers, irdeners and carters; 176 bakers; 166 black- lows:—He has seventeen field batteries, of eight gunssmiths 1 d farriers; 26 bookbinders aud stationers, 237! each, numbering on the whole 2,000 men, besides 4,000boot and shoo makers; 49 braziers, tinsmiths and white-! tut u belonging to tbe foot artillery. Two thousand mensmiths;! ' potters,'brick and tile makers; 606 bricklayers, form the corps of royal engineers. The cavalry consists To make thetnatter more sure, they bad horses stationed plasteren and masons; 31 builders; 114 butchers and! of 3,630 men, divided into four regiments of dragoons, all along the route at distances of two or three miles poulterers, 61 cabinetmakers aad upholsterers, 1,383 two of hussars, two of lancers, one of chasseurs and one apart. Their horses were the fastest tbe country coald"J0TM Journal contains an artlc a expressing regret •ato agegmaioaa made in easily while negotia- * ? ? ! £ ? »**» <j*rrtod oa for the solutiou of the pending ? « - ? * £ . Er2iiTMJ!L5??Jx'*(lon' *n'1 ootwtihstand- .2* *"**_*"? ISPTM'TM*f0,,*raaaent had given ord.-rs for Stttty by the royal troopa, in order tohlr a ^ ^ ^ a ^ n ^ h . ' f i r ,Fiftosa steamers of the royal flam bsjva toft Naples forAn ordinance has been published by the Prefect •* ">yyi^Z^~la^Until the signature of the Convention no embarkation of troops will take place.PARIS, July 90, I860. The Conference on tbe affairs or Syria assembled to day, at two P M., for the second time, at the Ministry for Fo-reign Affairs.In this sitting the French proposal for inteiveetion.which, subject to the acquiescence of the Porte, has been accepted by tbe gre»i Powers, was discussed fcr the flrat time.It Is asserted that the Turkish aHjt&ssau'.or, Mewing instructten1* received f.-cm C«suat.ac«ci», cie'rasd nasec- llal anV.-ftr*.'if®*of Tf prr-«"t rf roa?$t*tjGC It is ait-. s'«t»n •».:... ;">fia»t ».»•-» *.-<_ FiisA teslarsd !«»*•ner In which it took place on the 18th Inst was regarded ss a fortunate event by men of science in Europe.SAWTASOSK, July 19,1S60. LEOPOLD MARCH.carpent 682 Clerk and tritiand Joiners, 27 carvers and gilders, squadrons of guides. Fifteen regiments ot the line, six- 29 clock and watch makers, 21 coachhiakers teen battalions of sharpshooters, and three regiments of iers, 18 coal miners. 54 coopers, 17 cutlers, 145 foreign mercenaries, two regiments of grenadiers and twoafford, furnished by tbe friends of the parties, when tbe train arrived, the mails were snatched, and away sped the carriers, their horses straining every nerve aadhoe against abases of tbe liberty ef Mr persona belonging to tbe oonrt have beerreus refagees have returned to Naaiee, •General UDoa and Signer Derate. ' *i»th,,.„.,:" 3.. 1psjMUes are to be renewed oa the A t Mel?:a t . .j.• •• •...,. - -" »jj .. - . .:„«•*• a,--, a «*., ". '•» sc'.d, *-;to Among joaouoseaauta - ' -t -• »',;, '.ji tba34 sugar, bakers and boilers, 10 surveyor , 447 tailors. 1wheelwriigtta, 8 woolcombere and sorters, and the 6,965 of scores together. The appearance of Garibaldi oa the past. Ground haa Ujeu brokea for tin 2'zr.w of steps oahas aot b * a dlsturbe.^ IhTime journalthese so: ieties will be held at Munich cc the 18th, 19th and 20th of September, this year.Messrs. Routledge ft Co. be7e in tbe p r a t a volur»c of '•Poems," by Gerald M&jsey.The Marchisio sisters have at last wetat- Grand Opera of Parte, ta "Swr.Jr.aal-ie."'An opera company, i*3aded by M -' iV'Hr*i«HI, has sot forth to »;.ag and pin""mercha ; 17 jewellers and silversmitjw, 23.286 general laborersJfairly be reckoned at 50,000 men.An order from the Papal government, of the 17th '.net., permits all the Irish recruits who wish to quit tbe Pope's service to do so.people, cheering the lads as tbey spurred over hill se- date. Tbe Mohawk carrier, McGiire. came out ten reft ahead, sold sis papers at twenty in--, ceiiia «acb. and re- ceived a purse of 030. T*1^ tin:.* made wna tuirty-Cve minutes. The distcioe Is thine?." stJ a biif mt^es. tbe boys bal n'*3 horses on the road, ui-i one of theta sne se»erely tajired.1 NASI. , '.yx- c- »-••..' »«,,'•• •.»»fi:?at'!•'*?wtrsba •*. «o '--J•»».::,5 «^tut.4e?*riu&eowtosignIts'Jsr> »«UlSR.. -pn*s,wi obo8rrsa"HJsto' thePrimsendeBelsiojeao.>*'•*'"»><•-, ^ .V-. •. ' u : w * V D y•*•*.».-v* .„.»«*,trades nbt particular'.? specified. Of the other sek, 7 1071 weredomesticandfarmservants,118gentlewomenaudic o v r i esses, 8(1 milliners, dressmakers and needle wo-! men; 14,561 married women, and 18,032 of undistin-fcoast would probably dissolve the Papal army without battle.athe e u t side both Of tee 3eu.te and F -..=e or Kopreseato- lIves;andintheeaseoft:.»-alterthemasonryisad- vanced nearly to the fc.eiof the ground. The iron pal- ings between the Capitol aad the enclosed park due east1*4*4, 4 * <jTHXNATH*ALCAIWOE.—W->r'i arous1 the Capitol sod tallow chandler, 23 tanners aad curriers, 25 turners 69* little relied on aa the natives, who, it ta added, desert by the building! itaeh* timer* vigorous ifcaa freora.- • - •. . * « y . > 0 , 1 8 o t > ." between Ca- ere te re-. ^ r a t i o n a n • i n t r o d u c -compelled to alight. Major Breda and his trumpeter were kilted by his side; Misoris horse fell dead under him; Sta- telta was left standing unhurt in the midst of the iron storm, all the others were killed or wounded. The gunDuring the totality tbe bits of blue sky in the northwestbenefit of tbe Christians of Syria who hive survived the a charge of fifty cavalry for the purpose of retaking the iiismsfirfli It to expected that about 100,000 franss may place. Colonel Donon's men, who had been but little be forwarded to SyrU during tbe present week under fire, threw themselves te the sides of theThe correspondent of tbe London Morning Pott says:— road instead of receiving the charge on theirTaej affairs of Italy are more than ever complicated. bayonets. The cavalry came like a whirlwind, the Sici- EverlastingNBW YORK HBRALD, *WDAxt AUGUST 1*llahed originally aa broadsides between the years *64l em of Europe. Once that the wars wej aad 1T80/ namely, from tbe '-great rebellion," la the>a*oriR»>«ecw Thtaef,,,. ta•vsflpinaaslentis--iug.The tart accounts, says the Paris J*tafri«, .have received from the coast of Syria, state shatskl body^six hundred Christians took refuge in the Saval, efaten of the awase dtatrtcta sf Arqooab, Msainif, cbasat or governmeot bouse, having ^ * * * * * * * * J Garb, Chamber aad Djerd. were to meet oa tbe Ute ta~«- thtgovaraor.WheatheDraseediscovered tth,MM viltageofMaahadia.TbeinhabitantsofthoseIntranthours later, tbey rushed towards tbe building. BAh the are fierce, ferocious aad warlike, and a report was ear-fctoliMMfl*Our young men Tied In enthusiasm with the brave men peace aad for the respect of the equilibrium. The artlolo£16tiquartan£18 10sof fifty r<litical aadcenturies,Upper and Central Italy, they intend to collect together sad forward to him s sum of 6,000 francs which they had in- tended for the purchase of their rammer dresses. Tne donors express a wish that the sum In question may be employed iu the purchase of musket*.Arrests continue ta Venice. Many persons have baaa also arrested at Padua, Vicenxa and Trente, where tba agitation against Austria bad revived. Part of t h e n per- sons have been sent into the interior of the country to re- side, aad others taken to Innsbruck for trial.1 On tbe 26th of May the various ships which bad sails 1 from French porta had brought to China 6,800 men, or a total of 7,600, of which the French expeditionary corps is to be composed.The population of Hasbeya have addressed to the oon- •uls ot the foreign Powers a memorial in which the con- duct of usman bey is pointed out in the strongest termsJ The Pontifical k>an haa met with but indifferent success i:; Bavaria, as is admitted even by the clerical journals. The Subscription only amounts to one million, and most 0: it has been taken by the clergy.General Lamoriclere continues to have so much trouble with the Dish brigade, that he has lately been obliged to Seud away one hundred £more of them, and bad even Shot several. A former batch of discharged Irishmen, one hundred and twenty ta number, arrived lately at Mar- seilles iu a state of great misery. The Consul there hado choice in pursuance of his orders but to treat them aa trangers, they having forfeited tbeir nationality by tak- g foreign service with their e y e s open, in spite of all arnings. There was a talk at Marseilles ot sending somethem over to Algeria as laborers.occupied by l i s Algertaes under Abdel-Kader. The town was ta the power of tbe murderers and neandtoriss tc the number of 2,400, principally Druses and Bedouins.Tbe Turkish garrison consisted of 6,000 mea, who were inactive or hostile. The soldiers bad driven the Ohm- ttaas into the flames sf the burning bouses. Some es- eouats compute the number of victims at three or fear thousand, bat stats that this may be exaggerated, owtag to the prevailing terror.ltABsnuni, July 31,1960. The Indian mail from Alexandria baa not yet arrived.A French steamer from Syria is expected to-morrow. TBX LATEST MABIBTS.LOSDOKCose Maaxsr.—Gilea, Son A Barkers report far- ther heavy arrivals of foreign wheat and oats aad tbether continuing very fine, bnt little business aa yet |tag in any article, bnt tt is expected prices will cotrially vary from Monday.LOMOOST lliourcK Majtxjrr.—Sugar—demand good aadrates fully ss high; fair business in refined. Coffee—seve- ral parcels sold-, for Ceylon aad Costa Rica vary firm. Tea—value unchanged and Inquiry limited. Rice—seve- ral parcels sold at full rates. Saltpetre firm, with a fair business. Tallow firm aad demand on the increase.Coraois-Mbney,93yt a 9 3 \ : account,035. a 98*. LivKitrooLCOTTON MAKKXT—The market remains quiet and unchanged. Sales anticipated at about 8,000 bales.Weather one. jFinancial and Commercial.The LondocyyVnac'ty article or July 31, says:—The re-of Garibaldi's legion, which was the first in the combat the ftrst to charge with the bayonet, to storm Me- l atoo seixe the first aad second redoubt of the still pressing the Bourboaista close with theSiMOaSa.Oar klomss has aot been excessive. Tba legion of Garibal-di baa had a few of ltt mea wounded; our young men havecontinued-There is no doubt but that Austria will continue in thepath upon which she has entered, end that eh • is resolved upon following up her new policy, not only as regards re- ligious questions, but also to reference to the different nationalities of the empire. Thus Austria will obtain a position which will Increase her strength at home and abroad. The article concludes by refuting the opinion or1 Classical subjects, from eminent Khutors. ford's Recollections, extending over a periodcomprising anecdotes of distinguished: po celebrities of the past and the pres tot lOi.-1-Two Letters in the autograph of Dan- A very interesting oue from Dryden, "ToTbetfafinVrsays that, in reply to the offer of a [pre- Chat ttely should obtain peace, no matter hew, but with- non. Boano came out from Melazzo to attack us, but as ing that no treaty or convention of any kind ha* bem% for- mium of 100 guineas by the council of the Art Union ofto Sam ap, thia Is my ianermoat thought. I desire This time it waa not beat of sun alone, but beat of can-one of his battalions showed signs of insubordination, he out foreign intervention, aad that my troops should be returned and picked out his men, to whom be added theable m suit Borne without compromising the security of Swiss and Germans sent to him from Messina Medicimaliy made between Austria aud Pruttia; that tome ap- proach to an undemanding at to a common action in cam of hostilities may hat* been effected; but th a the meeting srillI/mdon for the best series of designs illustrative of the "Idylls of the King," forty-two sets hate been serit In. The whole will be exhibited to the public, with tbe workslians firing from both sides. Thus assailed, both right andleft, tbe commander of the Neapolitan cavalry stopped,and wanted to turn back, but found the pissage barredby General Garibaldi, Mtsori, Statella and five or six men.The General seised the officer's bridle and cried out "Sur soonest, the old ones, the everlastings especially^yield-render!" Tbe officer replied with a blow of his sabre, which Garibaldi parried, and by a back stroke cut the officer's cheek open. The latter fell from his horse. Meanwhile, three or four sabres were raised against the General, who wounded one of his assailants with a thrust of bin sabre, while Misorl killed two others and the horseing slowly and stubbornly.Owing to the cloudy state of the wea'.her, only Venusand two other stars were seen for a mome it.Of three thermometers latd on pieces or copper, blende and calamine ore, the former preserved the highest tem-perature. ,The return of light was hailed with a murmur of satis- faction by the spectators—a Jew, including the savaus, excepted—the cocks crowed in the neighboring farm yards, and nature all at once became cheerful and reso- nant. During the totality bats were seen flying about. At 4b. 30m. the heat of the sun's rays was intense, as ifthey hastened back to earth with redoubled ardor. The principal periods of the eclipse were:—way. This decided the fate of the day.S w i t z e r l a n d .Tr.e f.-'-si.T of the Federal Assembly has closed, andthe :<: - . i irritating discussions on the Savoy questionH M.al 46 26 2 §6 21 3 1 4411th ami 12th, smoke, cinders and balls of firewere thn wn up. The smoke rose to s uch a height that itcould be 1 leen at Reikjavig, though at a distance of more Spain (now that she has been gazetted ss a first class1 council.Sir Gardner Wilkinson writes to the London Times:—"I am far from wishing to palliate the excesses and sa-vage cruelties of the Druses; but it must be rememberedthat the Christians commenced these attacks, which theyalso did on a previous occasion; aud when in Syria I wastold by the Maronites of their intention to revenge the level, and one likely to stimulate business as much as pos-Hit Syrian Uuest ion.PARIS, July 2b, 1360.Spain,which It traversed from the Calabriancoast or shores of tbe Bay or Biscay, west of Santander, So the Mediterranean, near Oreposa, northeast of Valencia, a dis-It is asserted that the representatives of the Powersthat France was ready to employ all necessary mt-^ne lor will bold another conference on Monday next, upon the tance of ninety six leagues, in rather less than tenpreventing Garibaldi's landing on the main land. Never- Convention relative to intervention In Syria.tbeieas, Lord J. Bnaaell declined to accede to the proposal Pants, July 20, I860.minutes. Crossing a portion of the Balearic Islands, the shadow fell upon Algiers, and continued advancing until it disappeared in the Red Sea. During this period, that iswar. This idea of revenge has been the cause of the ori- ginal attack which led to the late outrages of their op- ponents."The album which the city or Milan is about to present to Marshal vailtant will contain twenty-eight water color 1 drawiegs by tbe best artists of tbe city, including Bisi, Massola. Fromagalli, Pentium and Rossi. The cost will besible. 'Domestic Bewi Items.As ExcrrntG RACK—Quite an exciting race, says the Albany Aryus of the 8th instant, occurred the other day between two newspaper carriers,whose aim waa a monopoly o.' the news- paper trade at Richfield Sptirgs. Last Friday it was agreed that the carrier who reached the Springs flirt that day should be the regular vender of the New York papers, of which a hundred or so are taken there. At the appoint- ed hour the boys were a-stradUie their nag? at the dspot, ready to snatch the papers the moment the train arrived.of tbe Marquis de as Grata, oa account of the principle of The Mimiteur publishes a correspondence from Constan-r latorrention which England desirea to maintain Up tinople, dated the 18th Inst., which states that Fuad Pa- to say, in an interval of two hours and flfty seven minutes,Paring the year 1859 44,397 Indians were introduced Into the Mauritius, vis:—23,180 from Calcutta, 16,975 from 1 jras, and 5,242 from Bombay. *31,643 were men, and 12,70. women; the proportion of women was there- fore 40 31 percent. The deaths at sea were at the rate of 1.73 per Icnt oa the whole immigration.y, the Turkish Ambassador at Paris had de I to It. Tnouvenel that being without any instructions f rebn the Porte, be coula to no other way take part in thesha, before leaving for Syria, sent the following message to the Marquis de Lavalette:—" Tell the ambassador that, at the risk of my life I shall wash out the stain upon thethe shadow of the moon fell on a sone 9,000 leagaes in length and thirty-four broad. During the phenomena she was 216,000 miles from the earth.i relative te European intervention In Syria thin h >uor of our army, and that the soldiers will also do their Tbe great number of favorable oiroumstanies whichduty."The London Ifontinj Pest has the following:—PARIS, July 29,1860. OffHal Intelligence has oaly been received today, that tbe Sultan's government has accepted the proposal tomust unite to produce a satisfactory eelipie is ons ef the principal causes which makes the phenomenon so Inte- resting, and imparts to it from age to age such aa exciting influence on the curiosity of mankind. And as It may oesur In the solitary ocean, which would render the ob- servation of it well nigh Impossible, or In desert legionsconimei.ee a negotiation for a convention.The plenipotentiaries will assemble to-morrow at the difficult of access, It was not extraordinary that the man-From71 aaoewi)has*aim Iraasmtlsa <M ti»e aambokbV «ra|.*h\vr*»tato - ^ * » « n K m w * » - . ..aorixed Lord Cowley to s slightly rxp treated iso doubt.The Akhbar states that the late eclipse, having been nearly total at Algiers, caused great terror among the na-^ — - a - —f A s s , July 81,1861of it have been removed, psaaaratiry to setting the road guistiedj occupation. The remainder of the emigrants tives. Oa the top of their terraces tbey made a noise further back. Ground hssJHssVbeec broken just within« J S S I T ? * , * r " fbMtmg tbe intervention ta Syri? K ' ? . * * * * " * f r e e s o q u i e e o e n o e o f t h e P o r t e s b a - * n ^ ^ W 0 , " l y * « • • * . The ambassadors, in lh f S S S J g j g a i Sag, ngraad upon drawing up a con- vention ooataiatRw six artkJul „ ^ JiT„. f " . C * ~ J?i<£.were children, and of these 8.4S1 boys, aad 8,100 girls w e r e u d d e r 1 2 y e a r s o f a g e i 3 , 0 4 0 w e r e l n f a n t a r a n d 14,517 were undistinguished as to ags or sexA report is current just now that the Emperor Napo- leon has suggested, by way of compensation to the Kingwith pestles and mortars, or lighted ta their rooms the s m a l l w a x c a n d l e s o f w h i c h t b e y p u i c h a s e a s u p p l y a t t h e time of the fde of the Monloud (birthday of Mahomet). They called to mind with alarm that, according to tradi- tion, Algiers is to be one day destroyed under similar cir-Igoataaadliberty of aaossa to all par•tesaef tasafl t ocs ^ r e d h ^ A ^ S ^ 1 ^ * ^ ^Mm Austin ta engaged ta preparing for the press a col-lection of her deceased husband's lectures aad papers on of Naples for the loss of Sicily, to assign to him a con cumstances ay the aaa rising to tbe height of Sidi BenThe Garibaattaa colors take equal rank with tbe Nea- g c f e r e n c n w i f l r a m a m l b t a T o ^ ^Dohtaa flag. The navigation of tbe Strait of Messina to , I'lrfs letter, July 31, in Loadm Tinea. 1J £The prize oflered for the beet operetta by the TonhaUe This arrangement would of course be diaagreeabte to the aad that futare navigators, when sailing past, will pointThe reprtweottiires of the Po vera met aaaia LM*V Nanss (via Genoa), Jolly 30.13C0. tbe Syrian Convention, aad tbey will preheWvW»*t^H:1 will he a cessation of hostilities in of the government, which, it says, is unjustly renuaadatManheim, haa fallen to Herr Eraehmer, who ta also en- gaged IMa comic opera in three acta.Ecclesiastical government, and could hardly be accepted by King Francis II. without interfering with the noted piety ui that monarch.uader their vessels aad exclaim, "There stood Algiers."At Deirel Kamar every male inhabitant, from the helpless old man to the infant at the breast, was massa-Tbe city to tranquil, but agitation prevails m the pro- lo-morrow. A joint acuon or EaglaimTTrsaia i n a ^ .riaone. It to rumored that the royal troops are about te •ta will be the result. A very modaratoTttatata u £ new "History of Chess," by Dr. Forbes, sad an assay on srasasts the citadel of Meaaina. The Paris ftsbv says:— Contmvtimnd speaks of such a resolution aa^Shamrt eer modern Muscovite civilisation, entitled ''The rhnMam at la uLieaaqaenof of tbe convention coscladei between Gari- tain. Tbe same article contains a defence of the nolicv Home,'' by Mr. Sutherland Edwards.The Beyrout correspondent of the Levant HrTaid, in aa cred, aad die women who did act fly were violated. account I of the recent massacre of Christians by the Galigncmi gives the following very Interesting aad in-Druses, details the following atrocities, rivalling in hor- structive Information:—The Chinese measures are very> (via Turin), July 9S, 1S30 Certain journals are free to indulge in lamentations 1 will aot eater upon their about tbe dUatoriaem of French policy. They now re- 1 iTJftSh, (he, imperial j> «tutiuV with allowing vata'di-vAshmolean collection. Untitled DocumentA onUaction of political ballads of the i e f ilwantliwound was caused by the said thigh being used as ablock on which te chop off the head ef her infant boy ofof distance is She MO, containing a Chinese foot; the las taMraosn is Boatos —William Howard,residing in 1 street, Boston, waa arrested August, 6, ror kiUag bis was. by beating and kicking„»declare,to give saptoastIna to tbe different It is easy to say all this; hut if ouch a course followed these very foamala, being determinedA bust, by Mr. Hiram Powers, the dietingaeonse Ameri can sculptor, is exhibited by Mesars Loodoo aad Ryder, tbe gold and silver smiths in Bond street, London It to sailedProserpine,andtothereforeentirelyconceivedas aa ideal work, tbe head having a certUn antique charac- ter, a little cpmpromtoed with s reaemblaacs to the well known sis/sfansrv. of Mr. Powers tbejGreek Slave. The Loadoa Pott speaks of it ta the following terms -tla studying the head the sculptor has evidently wandered from hto m» cl and nature in the hope of attaiamg She Greek Ideal if the Maid of Sicily, so that the eouate nance has an expression of cold rigidity which is aot natural te the lovely form of the neck and sbouldera; it, it would be time enough, tbey reignof Charles 1, to tbe death of George n.torn lo fieces. females abused (the tatter only P troops), aad bouses trad, twanrts day awsalTheThe official Prussian Ckuette contains a leading artists, son, Lotof which the following la a summary —Tbe hopes which had been entertained in reference teMeetingat Toplltx.Baaxm, July 99,1190.the Pbpe. I could very much wish aot to be obliged to bore the brunt of the action; then Oozeuz came up to his have no effect on the internal policy of either State. The of art selected by the prize holders, at the close of the va- I A company of French Zouaves are about to give a undertake the Syrian expedition, and, In any case, not to help, and the .engagement became turioua. Our generals (.at Deutsche Post says that every question that does not . rlous current exhibitions. Ber.es of drill performances at the Princess' theatre,exposed themselves too much, and both of them had very immediately relate to the external defence of Germany From 17: ,, tbe year of its foundation, to the 31st of London.undertake it alone. firstly, because it will be a great ex- narrow escapes. We took advantage of tbe ground to must be deferred for some time te come. No political March of ie present year, the total expense of the British ; Tbe Augsburg Octette states that the ^International Con-pense, aad, secondly, because 1 fear that this intervention avoid the sweep of their artillery, then rose and charged changes can be proposed or undertaken by the federalmay involve the Eastern question; but, oa the other at the point of tbe bayonet. We cried out "Savoy," the Diet. The disseosioos such reforms would excite would others uttered different battle cries, and so we encouraged render all union Impossible; and, to secure that unionMuseum The pubthe nation has been £1,382 73313s. 41. gress of Chemists, which was to have been held last lie auction of the objects of art left by Alexan- spring, is definitively tixed to meet at Cartarhue on theport of a highly pacific communication having been re- hand, I do not sea bow to resist public opinion In my one another. But the getting into Melaxso was the at the present moment, everything else must be sacri- der Von imboldt, has been fixed for the 17th of Sop 3d September. Letters of invitation have been addressed ceived in this country from France attracted little atten-country, which will never understand that we san leave hardest part of the work. There the enemy knew the locality, was double our force, and prepared. Theficed.tember at ritn.to all emlneut chemists, ana especially to professors of tion, since confidence ta not to be commanded, and everynnpuwtohed, not only tbe massacre of Christians, bat the tournsag of our consulates, tbe insult to our flag, and the pillage of the monasteries whack were under our pro- test lOB.jfctm of tbe province of Palermo, many of the very men whom Garibaldi bad saved from the fury of the people, had thrown themselves into tbe houses and were pepperingas like the very devil. Garibaldi fought like a Hon, but duce was presented to thousands of awe struck gazers on exposed himself too much, and It ta a miracle he was notSignorl leteerof work,"]Dr. Js eminent 1dni has finished a new comic opera, "The Mu •ledo," aud is now occupied on yet anotherta."R. Ballantyne, of the College of Benares, thechemistry in public schools an 1 colleges.In the House of >mmons on the 23d, !/>rd John Russell stated that, in tbe opinion of her Majesty's government, the massacres in the ttast could not be arrested unless by a body of Europeaa troops; that no dependence could be placed on the Turkish force which had been sent there;fresh assurance of this kind serves only to inapire a fast- tag throughout Europe of the necessity for increased vigi- lance. At tbe same time the fact waa noticed that the whole of the war steamers now in harbor at the royal dockyards On England are to be made ready to meet aay emergetcy that may arise for tbeir immediate use.crtt scholar, has received the appointment of I have told you all, I think, without disguising or killed. During this assault, which tasted two whole the 18th of July, I860- On that memorable day, the librarian 1 , the East India House.: and that England, together with the otner Powers of Eu- No gold wad taken to the Bank to-day.The Solnr Eclipse.TO THK K1MTOK OF THI LONDON NIWS.One of the grandest spectacles which nature can pro-omittinganything. Make what aseyoumaythink ed- hours,we fired very little. It was tbe bayonet that Moon,nolongerfairandsilvery,Interposedherselfbetween MdeJ lottasaidtohavebandedovera comicopera ;rope,badagreed thatthe armyshould consistchieflyofvisabtoofmyletter. Believelamysincerefriendship. NAPOLEON.OrtSIONS OF THI PBB88. [From tbe London Times, August 1.]The Emperor's letter, which will be found in another ootuata. will be read with interest by all—with satisfaction by those who aaa target the logic of facta. The style la the full Roman hand familiar to the man who baa won an empire, who haa more recently annexed two provinces, and is master of a hundred legions. With the argumentof suoceas nothing is so easy as self•Justification. It mustbe observed, however, that it at no excuse tor the annexa-tion of Savoy aad Nice that it waa conditional on Tuscanyand the Duchies declaring for Piedmont. A steam navy* an eye witness. The following are the extracts:—Hecate("2>to»frvVrmtt,terpen*"**,Mospr"),aadbarea theworkI1tobeperformedattheOperaComiqueofPartesombre and sinister aspect. thtawiat The Prince Regent of Prussia has ordered that tbe va-from an early boar oT the morning of the 18th, several A ''Church History of the First Three Centuries, from rious regiments shall bear denominations recalling their British savants, whom the enlightened liberality of the the 30th to the 323d Year of the Christian Era," by Milo origin, traditions,or glorious exploits.English government bad sent to dantander in the magnifl- ceut 1 limalaya, might have been seen preparing their in- struments for the approaching phenomenon in the garden of a much esteemed countryman; but the cloudy sky was reflected on their brows—they feared a disappointment. The weather for some days previously bad been gloomy; and not only they, but the Ignorant curious, watched the sun with anxiety, as one moment he struggled forth in splendor from a rent in the driving vapors, and then succumbed before their obstinate advance. The fi.-st contact took place at l h . 45m. 26s. (Greenwich mean time). A dark perpendicular ribaud appeared in the western corner of the sun; it was the moon, which, more mysterious than ever, slowly advanced, dark and melancholy, as if reluctant to deprive nature of light. The progress of the elipse was not viewed without inter- ruption, owing to the masses of clouds which chtsedeach other across the sky; and just before the totality tbe pbe nomenon vanished behind them, to the intense disappoint- ment of those who watched its phases.may be far above tbe real wants of a nation, and yet be tar Short of the previous number of sailing vessels. France may have oaly 400,000 men actually "under arms," but when, for our own security, we measure men against men, it Is necessary to take Into account the Irnmeass addition rim can make within a single fort- night's notice. But why are all these topics to be brought cp, when we are only Invited to a common policy in the afflaim of Southern Italy and the East? Certainly, there is a oase for interference of some sort la Syria; and, as neither the British Parliament nor the British press bare given the toast countenance to the suspicions aad rumors which are current respecting the origin of tbe civil war. tbe prejudice against which the Emperor seems to defend himself, oaa oaly arise from the actual operations of French diplomacy in the East. They may or m*y n o t have contributed to the present deplorable results, and the consequent appeal for European intervention; bat English statesman and writers have expressed no opinion on that question. We are, however, glad of any occasion which has elicited the profession of such friendly senti- ments, and trust that they may foreshadow a policy under which we may enjoy peace without being compelled any longer to support all the burdens of war.• F r a n c e .PABJS, July 29,1580. The Moniteur publishes a decree augmenting the num-ber ef the officers of the general staff from 640 to 680.The Paris correspondent to the London Time* says.— It is aot certain that the representatives of the PowersAt dawn oa the 90th all the troops were in movementto attack tbe Neapolitans, who bad come out of the fortand village of Melazzo, which tbey occupied. Mtlenchinicommanded the left; General Medici and Oosenz the cen-tre; while the right was composed of a few companiesonly, intended to cover the centre and left wing from asurprise. Garibaldi was m the centre, where the actionwaa expected to be the sharpest. The firing began on thetoft from tbe Neapolitan outposts, concealed in a reed bedhalfway between Men and Melaxza. A quarter of an hourlater the centre attacked tbe Neapolitan line, and drove itfrom its first position. The right meanwhile dislodgedthe Neapolitans from some houses which they occupied. lm. 44s. At 3b., most of tbe thermometers laid uponview," byjDr. lugleby, of Birmingham.Messrs. Bosworth & Harrison anuaunce the late Henryand New York and Erie.The deliveries of tea in London are estimated at 90S,-662 lbs.lic continues to make investments on a moderate scale,sad the funds have again to day shown an upward tendency Consols opened without alteration at 92 v, a 93 \ for money, but soon advanced and touched 93%• The. We have lost many of oar oommdea ta the King of Day and his vassal Earth; she bad become by htm, v aposcd in Russia, te M. Gavaert, to be scored; I French troops.streets,batwegainedpossessionofthe after a regular slaughter of tbe police and the royalists as well Those police agents behaved most treacherously. The Swiss were the last to retreat into the fort. Bosco baa now sent a flag of truce, aad atks permission to go out with the honors of war. In these actions we have had at length the pleasure of seeing a goodly number of the Sicilians fighting, like ourselves, inMahan. haa been published by Messrs. Appleton ft Co., New YorkINapoleon Bonaparte laid it down as a maxim that the budget of France shoutaamoont to 800 millions ta time ofthe open field, and following us manfully when charging with the boyonetparing, "from materials placed at his command, a 'Life of the late Prince Jerome Bonaparte.' " He disclaims the De mortuii nil nisi bowum principleThe budget for tbe present year amounts to 1,840 millions, or to more than twice the amount set down as sufficient for a time of war by the first Napoleon.are also mentioned as being likely to suspend. Owing to the impossibility of sending specie from tbe capital for exportation, merchants having remittances to make to Europe were unable to do so except at asacrifice of 00 parThe Prette publishes a letter from M. Alexandre Dumu describing the engagement at Melazzo, of which ne wasThe Messrs. Longman are on the point of publishing thenew and seme time expected contrlbutioa to ^the Colliercontroversy—"Collier, Coleridge and Shakspeare—a Re- tbe Papal liau at Vienna amount to 600.000 francs, of A rise took place In the shares of tbe Illinois CentralAs the difficulties of the ground prevented reinforcements from arriving, Bosco. with 6,000 men, turned upon the 5C0 or 000 who had driven him back. The latter were at first obliged to retire before the superior numbers of the enemy; but, when other troops came up to their aid, they again attacked tbe enemy, many of whom were still concealed among reeds and protected by fig trees, so that acharge with the bayonet was impossible. Medici, while ad- vancing at tbe head of his men, had a horse killed under turn. Cosenz was struck In the neck by a spent hall, and fell; he was for a moment supposed to be mortally wound- ed, but he waa only stunned, and almost Instantly he was oahislegsagainshouting••VieaVItalia!" Garibaldi,atthe bead of the Genoese Carbineers and some guides, attempt- ed to take the enemy in the ilank, but suddenly came on a gun placed in the centre of the road, and which he de- termined te attack. When within twenty paces, the can- non, loaded Otth grape, wag fired by the Kirg's troops. The effect was-terrtble; only five or six men remaluelthe grass had fallen from 71deg. 1 min. to SAdcg. 5 mm., and there was a perceptible chill In the atr, Increased, perhaps, by the wind having veered almost due north at 2h. 0m. During the totality the following phenomena were also observed: At the moment in wnich darkness•began to descend rapidly consternation seemed to seize nature; pigeons flew about In clusters, confused and scared; poultry sought their roosts; my dog whinsd at my feet; small birds fluttered and twittered excitedly, as if a hawk wan in view; a cow moaned loudly, and the dew gathered like sweat on the flowers as they drooped and closed their petals. But the most impressive moment was yet to come; as darkness descended, and the winds and the deep grew hushed, man and beast were struck dumb with awe. Such might well seem the last day, as indeed It did to many; but the prophets of science had foretold the event, and deprived it of the terror of a surprise. Nevertheless, during those sinister, ghastly and absorbing three minutes, enlightened spirits pros- trated themselves before the power of God, and the scep-fPoreign Miscellany.9,178,631 births, 6.163,403 deaths and 2,2*5,-I |£OBI all political discussions, and immediately leave any : company iu which such subjects should be introduced in their presence. Any iufriciion of that regulation Will ex- I pose them to dismissal. All the agents of the secret po- lice are Instructed to take note of persons so offending, and to Inform tbeir superiors. The circular concludes with these words —''For it is the firm and unchangeable will of bis Majesty to make no alteration in the form ofthe existing government."To recompense Abd el Kader for his conduct in favor of the Christians in Syria, tbe Emperor Napoleon has sent him the Grand Cordon of the Legion of Honor.The Corriere Mercantile of Genoa states that up to tbe present time tbe number of volunteers who have gone to Sicily from Northern and Central Italy amounts in all to 14J0O0.A letter from Jessy of the 1st nit. says:—Locusts are committing such ravages in our country that it has been found necessary to take extraordinary measures, and raise the peasants en mass* to destroy them. To abate this scourge, tbe Chamber has given tbe government dis- cretionary powers and an unlimited credit.A medal has been struck at Palermo in honor of Gari- baldi. It ta of a large size, and tbe resemblance to tbe General is perfect. It commemorates mlanding at Mar- sala on the 21st of May, tbe capture<W Hlermo on the 27|h, and gives the names of the chiefs who followed the General In his expedition—la Massa, Carini, Stocco, Cairo!), Nino Bixio, Crtapi and Anfossl. It also bears the name of the General himself and the year of his birth.There are now more than 20,000 weavers out of work at Coventry and In the neighborhood, and there does not appear to be any likelihood of an adjustment of those "prices," which form the foundation of the present un- happy strike.Tbe Madrid journals of the 21st contain a circular from the Papal Nuncio to the bishops, announcing that the time for receiving subscriptions to the Pope's loan ta Spain, which was to have expired on the 15th, haa been prolonged.The whole direct and indirect taxation of tbe Austrian empire amounted in the year 1868 to 263,300,000 florins, the whole population being 37,800,000.Between May 29 and Jnne 30 tbe Drasee murdered ta cold blood upwards of four thousand Christians, Including more than a hundred Catholic and Greek priests and monks. They have burnt down upwards of 150 Christian villages, including more than 100 churches and 16 con-tion te rcj>ort. French rentes are quoted at Off. 20c , showing a decline of about %.The Kent ta announced from Melbourne with £236,000.The despatch of the suicide of Mr. Chaffers, tbe nuasgar of the Royal Bank of Liverpool, created considerable anx- iety this morning, owing to the absence of aay explana- tion of the cause.American railway securities were firmer, aad the shares or the Illinois Central advanced, New York aad Erie par- tially relapsed.Ltvutrooi. Corros MARKXT, JCLT 29 —We have as change to report in our market to-day. The sales are 8,000 bales, ojf which 2,500 are for export and specula- tion.Jrt.T 30—We have to report a be'ter demand today, with a firmer tone. The sales are 10,000 bales, of which 8.000 are for export and spejutation.Jri.v 31.—The sales ot cetton to-day are estimated at 6,000 bales. The market closes quietly at yesterday's pricesLrvxKroot Cons MARKXT, JILT 31 —We have bad a good attendance of millers and dealers at our Corn Ex- change this morning, and wheat has commanded a fair consumptive inquiry at tbe rates of our last market. Flour was more looked after, and American was the turn dearer. Indian corn was in toier tbly good request, and mixed American brought fully 3d. pur quarter more money, there being fewec sellers. Oats and oatmeal very steady at full prices Beans advanced 6d. per quarter. Peas and barley held firmly at extreme rates. The mar- ket closed steady; weather looking unsettled.LosDOH PK*DCCS ASD PROVISION MARKET, J u ly 31 —Ss- gar steady. : Tea unaltered. Rice quiet tJoflee ta' Turpentine—American 32s. 3d. a 32a 61 Tallow steady hi 53s. on the spot. Scotch pig 63s. a 531. 61.MANCBXSTXK COTTOH Gooas. JriT Ci —There has been a fair amount of business ta yarns, but at a sacrifice la price oL&d.Ju> .»£d. per lb. since Friday. On these terns some business has been done by ibe home trade, and a moderate portion by buyers in'bundle for Isdia, China, Germany, and the Mediterranean. The cloth market has been flat, being affected by various caur^s, including lbs weakness manifested by tbe cotton market, tbe absence of the India mall (now four davs overdue), and the posi- tion of the discount market. Spinners have been down at Liverpool and purchased low priced cottons, anxious to secure contract*, and the buvers of cloth look for at least a corresponding advantage. Sal<« in 40 inchl India shirtings have been ms'.e at a decline of l £d.per piece, and those in msdapollaras. j&canets, and other fabrics for the same market at a co.-respoodiag reduction; bat there h»ve been very few buyers even oa these terms. These remarks also apply to cloths suitableThe totality began at 2b. 58m. 24s.. and lasted until Sb.of the lAwrence drawings.A life of] Pitt, by Lord Stanhope, better known, per nape, by liis historical title of Lord Mahon,* and a work by Dr. it. A Smith, on "Air and Water as Sanitary and Industrial Ageuts," are among the publishers' announce- ments.Mr Ha kins has tendered bis resignation as keeper of the depar|ment of antiquities in the British Museum. Great cbi es are likely to take place in tbe admiaistra- lion of th various branches of antiquarian collections.Mr. Jo- Camden Hotten, of Piccadilly, London, ap- pears not tily as publisher , but as editor , furnishing an introducti :>n aud cotes to the first English translation of "The Boo] of Vagabonds and Beggars, with a Vocabulary of their tguegf," said to have been "edited by Martin Luther, 1 the year 1523"Several Vienna journals stats that some other German Eovereigns, especially t i e kings of Bavaria and Saxony. wil: UKe part in the conference between tbe Emperor of Austria aid the Prince Regent of Prussia at Toplitz.Tbe am )unt of the floating debt of Spain at the end of June wai 719 827,583 reals, which was 2,000,000 more thanattlieendof May. „The att tck of the Druses on the Christians at Damassus commeLCJd on the evening of the 9th, when.many men were kill' d and women carried off for the harems. It is t-uiii that the consulates were burned down, with the ex- ception of the English consulate. Tbe French, Russian and Gee ek Consuls took refuge in the he use of Abd el- Kadee. . "TneiRedSea and India Telegraph Company, between Boakim and Aden, have succeeded ta Ikying a second ca- ble between the above mentioned ports.The expecse of maintaining the army sad navy of France, for the current year, ls]estimated at9167,400,000.Accoun « from Iceland give an account of an eruption, after thlr ty nine years' repose, of the volcano called tbe Rotlugia 1 if tbe Myrdatajokel mountains. On the 7th May Several shocks of earthquake were experienced In the parish ot Myrdal, in which the volcano is situated, and the day after an enormous volume of water was cast up "rom the crater. Mixed with the water wereon ttbe corresponding period of 1859. and 98% for the new account ta tiep-Notice his just been given to the clerks employed in tember. The market was uninfluenced by aay fresh po- the government cilices at Vienna that they must abstain litical news. In the foreign exchanges there ta no altera-the regularity or the seasons convert, was forced at that supreme moment to own the influence of the First Great Cause.do at dawn on a cloudy morning, with the exception that the former was the brighter.The flowers closed as follows —Tigeriria2 » 0 2 I t 42 64The youngest flowers felt the influence of the eclipseCommencement of eclipse Commencement of totality Knd of totality Endofecltpwvents.4 8 20 The progress of the eclipse was as follows:—On the 13th of July, 1660. at 12b 42m , the shadow produced by the moon touched a spot in the PaciQc Ocean not far from the coast of Upper California. From thence it proceeded across Hudson's Bay, Labrador and the Atlantic towardsthan twenty-two miles, and though mountains five thou-sand feet high rise between the two places. The erup-tion continued with intervals more or less long to the26th, but. fortunately, It did no barm to places in thevicinity, the cinders and other things It threw up beingcarried 05- the wind partly to the sea and partly on tesome glasiers. It presented a very imposing spectacle.Previous eruptions of the same volcano did great injury;one in 1625 in particular was terrible, and tt is recordedthat someof the cinders thrown up were actually curriedas far as Bergen, in Norway. Another, on the lTlh Octo-ber, 17661 caused devastations in five parishes; it pre-! defeats they bad suffered from the Druses in a previous ceded by a fortnight the earthquake at Lisbon.H.M. S0Soma teresttag Mitfort,l6«. ACQ] an English Hours of F miniatures Flacei £210.Oasoa, July 31, IMS The Mercantile Courier publishes an authentic access* of tbe massacres at Damascus up to the 1Mb ef July to- the noble example of patriotism given by the women of elusive. 3,000 Christians had taken refuge in the citadel.SSS9• Thevotameto, hewwverJa vary beautiful ideal bust. Tbe artist has. arastjp ot the Emperor of the French.Literature and Art.The committee of the different societies or German his domestic servants, 19 dyers, 11 engravers, 141 engineers, of rinemen, which form the royal guards, aad two regi- muscle to win tbe race So gr^at was the interest mani-toria.is and antiquarians announces that th* connress of 4,439 farmers, 1,«64 gentlemen, professional mjen and.! ments complete the Neapolitan infantry, which may fested In thta contest that bounetops were crowded withM e i - s r s . A ~ f c G. B h w ! : u a v c 1tion of the E Jtory of French Literature," by M. Oastave, master of Barrow Schooltewaa.Tberitadeloaf*MMasassailaawsalsnoniofttrtrae"onattheetown. tionsshallhawibeea\«SwvaaiTtef^, ^^TMth« jurisprudence. BideroleportionofthePopesremainingprovinces Nour,whichcrownscueofthesummitsoftheBouxarea;Messrs. W. H. Alton ft Co. annormce as forthcoming a:«t la Paris tt, 3 locksmiths and gunjinitlia, 92 miliars and malstersj, 8 millwrights, 771 miners and quarrymen, 262 painters, paperhangers and plumbers; 111 pensioners, 70 prinU/Si 10 ropemakers, 42 saddle and iiarness makers i sail makers, 46 sawyers, 269 seamen, % shipwright-* 1,045 -aopkeepers, 331 smiths, 290 spinner i and vifeaversLamoricieie has, near Spoleto, a corps of 10,000 men, Italians aad foreigners; it ta being rapidly reduced ta number by desertions, and tbe foreign recruits can be ast b e w e s t C a p i t o l g a t e f o r t A m g e u > r t l p u r , * * * o t e x - tension. The naval monumeVSat bat for so many years occupied the centre of the basin of water in the paves slope on the western approach to the Capitol, has bees removed. The last of the marble statues was taken away yesterdayforconveyanceteAnnapolis,wherethern-ne- meat win be reinstated. la the interior of the souta wing plasterers are eagaged in replaetoring the walls m the right, toft, and front of tbe night of steps leading to the hall of the Bouse of Representatives, and ta the haa itself the desks, formerly rejected, have been reptaced. From all appearances the Improvements to some irsm these changes win be considerable.Nrwxufa's FACTORT, a hotel, two stores, a dwells*as dilatory. The jhassahsaaamsj says:— - — tant accession of manuscripts—no toss thaa tbe entire Dheir el Kammar, who baa a deep gash ta her thigh; the again subdivided into 10 ttun, or 100 Jan. Tbe measure 0100000.ror tbe bl»dy soene enacted by the miscreants k>f Nana S t a n t . The yto contains 10 iltono, or 100 thee—the lat-The Bodleian Library has recently received aa impor- Sahib atlOawapore: "1 have seen ope of the women of being afoot of the length of 312 millimetres; tt Is stroved by ire ta Geysvtlk, \ t , August 6.With the leases.Ihe ladies of Aci, in Sicily, have addressed a letter to General Garibaldi, announcing that from a wish to followMessrs. Mnrdock k Son,extensive tanners ta Perth, have suspended in consequence of great losses sustained through the recant failures in tbe leather trade ta Lea- don.The Mexican advices (State that the prevalent anarchy and distrust nave caused the stoppage of some of the lead- ing houses, among whom are Messrs Ysidero de ta Terrswar, and 600 in time of peace, and he never surpassed with liabilities for £600,000 and Messrs. Dorrmaaa k Oa., M. de la Guerroniere announces his Intention of pre- the former total except after the disastrous Russian war. aa old and respectable German bouse. Two other firmsThe Austrian Courier states that the subscriptions to which 400.000 francs were taken by Hetnikstain's bank,and 400,000 francs by the arcbiepiscopal consistory.cent.The otlicial journal of Rome announces that tbe sub-vaine, and "The Early Life of Lout3 Napoleon," collected I scriptions for the 1'ope which have already entered the Tbe London RIWJ city article of August 1 says —Tbe pub-Druramond's speeches in Parliament, edited by Lord Lo-from authentic sources. *I Papal exchequer amount to £220,000i . The value of the exports from Paris for the fifty-one days from the 15th May to tbe 6th ult., amounted toA special grant of £2,500 to the department of printsand drawings in tbe British Museum has enabled Mr.Carpenter J the keeper of the print room, to purchase 134 i41,1740.000 francs—being an increase of 6,004,000 francs final quotations were 93',' a 03H for money,V efegeVftjIVgrandee in Europe) denies, through official journals, that to tbe markets of China. For printing cloths there is still ber claim in right of Bourboniam to tbe reversion of a moderate demand, and also for ungcloths and Tcloths;Sicily has not the support of the French Emperor. Is she but for all these sellers have to tr.ake a slight reduction in %Ltasoir, August 1, ltos fsgislssM, with the Brazil mails, has ar- She brtagi £3,600 ta specie. She leaves ssrhouse aad the bridge .across the Whits river, eighteenth centuries, to be edited by Mr. W. Walker mi three vfears.old! Another poor woman, who is also here. largest measure of capacity ta the cubic thee or jwcut, Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comI360 poo, or the 260th part of the terrestrial meridian Tbe 