 roeorthen jreesi- »0oo-o f i ^ •>l>*hed liled is enabli- ng fc*-s totae- Inde- f>r xo •pose of phrase- resohi- whichriness," setf-eyir. itbonj^iground ily.iobolion, Us- "i- aaan, airaao&lyle :n«ux- rs of tho factibat ant sonepure andts;-vilai&rard pPO-r sufficient iet coun- ie task, off es*. in C2EKi*. • thero~ !defeat iamr.?ed o>* ^"kmah. hi;.\ wet~•dt*aoe«Sse;it xationalusability,. 3tLv Sew- n;*ign cani w of the FSU.T to bis* netf of the,JO for VJOO- ft the part j (fens oyer,name wils«rength ii ie result aa; Cbicagc rerybody of incredulity ts«t "dkin* taken tkbaJn% is then, y liar one. Lt New-YoU,cannot »tolSSahdh V ^ Lt , e l a t° ^ lS e^pwHic trusts-confided to him by the pcoplobt. the SuTtomtmPurr Da^d'lrM'i'ther X ' ^radependent^tribesrih. May »y 'as tl-.e following: mihorougHy • >rk», by non-- own only as «r up of theagainst the > Convention/ ;ii.d the able Lbraham Iin-;tioa over his., as a disciple, &d throughout arap. speeches^ KHsd, and theyer tne whole js H, Seward ave *f this, w e cjs^ namely; u,* i^essaruy ie-, that thai,ne real que*"- Tous this noia» fortbern State* >ore the nam*manufacturing >Wand »uickJ*Jrwho loves hi* »influence to *>•.purposes. ieu, vanGcie:ight control tbj»••it-tor. him, and on the other a Union candidate, who has From The Troy Whig. n.ajntained, for forty years of.active and useful public i-The nomination of Mr. Lincoln will disappoint the life, a high reputation for nationality, integrity, andhas reco|tuered tho confidence of the Czar, and seenis to|i tve come to some understanding with Na-The contradictory accounts of the. last few days re- sport, whileyou do not mean' to be made their sport uni\;ersal, tbatthe government wasgreatl v embarra»5edv epectmg'nthe movements of Garibaldi are now ex- iu turn? But if it is beneath gentlemen to settle and that any direct act, not absolutely called for, against»; Lincoln ha* vllr. CJay twice met it—-inTSS^, and again in 1*18. Mr. Webster/ too, tasted the bitter cup, and died mourning the ingratitude of Republics- Mr. Seward's friends way extend tcie parallel. There is always something sad in the sacrifice of old for new leaden*—to sea witn what facility friendship is cast off, and admiration, and iiic burrans of the moo are, at the decisive moment, ebanged from the* deelining to the rising sun. Tne Mo)ochs of Availability anu, Expediency reqnire con- stant victims. Prominence *in public affairs seems to be becoming more and more fatal to the gratification of the highest ambition. However little tue country at large may owe Mr. Seward, it is not to be denied toat he has always deserved well of bis party, and as a rep- rtsentative man of party Republicanism, no one can question that his claim, to its lavors are infinitely supe- rior to those of any other man. His friends in this State have reason to congratulate themselves on the very handsome support they-were able to give him throughout.From The Philadelphia Evenhtf Journal.Unfortunately for his party, tins candidate, although a comparative stranger m tne halls of Legislation, has Hgxired somewhat extensively upon the stump.' In 2fe.>S, he was the Republican candidate for the United States Senate. He and his rival, Mr. D»'Ugias stamped the State in company, aud tbeir speeches are now puo-.lished in book form. To expose Mr. Lincoln, and to cover with shame the party that -nominated him, we need only quote from these harangues. -We shall snow, by fiur and full extracts, that this man is iu every re- spect, as objectionable as Seward, while, at the same tnpue, he is utterly without thow? qualities which entitle the other to respect. At the Sprmgueld Convention, held in June, i«5e, Mr. Lincolu received tije nomina- tion for Senator, and, having anticipated the result, hehad prepared an elaborate: address, which was after- ward published by order of tne Convention, as an authoritative exposition of the principles of his psurty. Ia that speech we find these words:which tbe opposite doctrine, of the duty of Congress towns, makes up the sum of its bravery andskill. The to intervene lor the protection of Slavery in the Terri- trian Cabinet, on the other hand, having failed to private and authentic letters of English travelers, are tories, was put forth by Mr. Yancey and his friends ia conciliate JEussia, where the avowed enemy of full of contempt for the military character of the royal the Convention at Charleston, might well have tempted Austria, Ojbrchakoff, is still at the head of affairs, soldiery. Still, when.large numbers of them well pro- them into doing so. Still they have not disowned, and are now tiffing cither to come to terms with France, vided with artillery come into collision with small cannot disown, that doctrine, and their triumph will or enter in|» an alliance with Prussia, though their bodies of ill-armed insurgents, they generally, though involve the probability of its positive though pacific double gain e will most probably end in a failure. I tta was thoogks r-- or a hnxtdnd him; but somenot always, get the victory.The.betting on the men hightened the excitement for- all; but tbese .allowances made, Mr. Noel's statemen, is still much exaggerated.tbould be eosr i"only ha AR u »l':*»if is ti» Jajflcy swell bin ikms. By tha :y the tnckerj HXi1;K)pularitj, ns mav attemrrrint«JjCigence •*Democracy a tsTsch a n i n f l » adidate. W i lihey bayeb* hiniore to w iLao).jut strong on* %a'who flact-' v-alk over tife md themaeivf>has given e* ninationof 3£ which ie p *»- it is met bj*. , it will reou* \ on the waiLfor the Pr*" •crybody it tl"s (id its aanoanae-Seward men. 'enshrined n the % have dedared sn his fairly vrof plt-8 which h' M fOf A b e l i t t ** d feelings of 'ethinkitv the enthrew ""? bxpire ean w ,(ward. Wee promiae of UDc'nvenlion, l« oln of Illhjo; 11 i'•••/ation to ;> Douglas in 1^ »•, guvti but-.; ' ; | ^aiwntofaioit ireekJte«i rep«- •.jhool, but h( dis career, and IM ?ree of reman ^assertion, w L e n < p 6 the power of the^country shall or a npass into their bands. Few Northern men, fesv Re- is said,'as''!he ^ ^publicans at least, befieve that.such an assertion would Francis jjl/eph contemplates even a temporary re-be followed by any formidable resistance on the part of tirement i|>m affairs, that under the pretense of athe South, still less by anything like eecessiou or dis- long visit |j o loreign countries, he is willing to in- The telegraph informs us from Paris that the Sardinian" .|lere in Naples everything is in the hands of the military, and people have been astonished during the last fppw days by the occupation of S. Giovanni, Portici, Pesiiia, Barra, and S.. Torio, by the Chasseurs and a regiment of Mariaes. The villas of the Neapolitan havejbecn taken forcible possession of—that is to say the soldiers have been quartered in the stables, and officers in the villas, and, when rooms could not be•:is war," I*e3%:ljbe«t -the flames after a ruthless slaughter, and after the the insurrL'ctjkm gives a handle to Napoleon and to young women of the place have been violated id theLord Pamjlrston for taking the Neapolitan diffi- churches. To keep friends with the. Governmentcuities ii|o meir hands and for putting, in the name which authorizes, these atrocities, Count Cavour has of huinui||ty' and public order, a stop to the atrocities to exert himself.in direct opposition to the wishes and which fo til H last twelve years have never ceased hopes of the nation. The muskets, the produce of theto tlje ttf 9 \ ar of tit*® Cen*^ VT< -njoatna * atf»fi»r tbe,'preme Court has decided against the cardinal doctrine _ o f t h e Republican party, tnat tribunal must be re- ""zoedeled, or subdued, by its " rigbtiul master^"—thepeople. " Thefrieud of Henry Clay," he may have been; and " Honest Old Abe," he may be, bnt he thtflL never be President of the United States, unless the veovki can be persuaded to give up tucir love^ for the Union and Constitution, 'ine Convention' which noffiinated him deaitadeath-bloAv to its party; aud if the converse of the old proverb which tells us tliat those whom God wishes to destroy be first makes mad, be true, the annihilation ol' the Republican party iaFrom The National Intetligrneer.!Zboufch fully identified witAi the principles of hwi^arty, and justly entitled by his private worth audproved' ability to wear with dignity any honor it. maybe able to confer, Mr. Lincoln, so/ar as we are aware,has not until recently occupied a prominent place in ttiolb4 of distinguished citizens from which it was sup two hours by fog. The De Soto left Now-Orleans on •posei the Republicans would make a selection in nominatiag a candidate for the Presidency. It is no deroga the iUth, and airived at Havana on the morning ol theGaribaldi subscription fund, were not to be had from Naples if rjrtainly very much mistaken if he be- the arsenal of Genoa, where they hud been deposited,lieves Uiaji <;jhas the same riglit of walloping his when they were wanted, and in a letter from Turin, it own nigaejn as. the Emperor of Austria, for there is hnid, although we know not with what truth, thatexists no the balance ol that fund lying in the hands of a banker political theoiy- according to which the at Milan has been attached in the name of.the Govern- Kingdom c ii Naples is a European necessity;; nor ment. Of course this cannot go on. Count Cavourwould its|h esorption create such a void as that oi" may choote his own way of working for Italy; but he-Pte*«i»>*,lianfif ?/">!*I expery •**<tfHi>mr.<^<pim«d'^ a t a U , * * * 1 ^ 3, a gvK)d «^" ,'ifich ,**«**are t^tt '*^V*eD<£*"&£i:xecaO»*^ a;-e»ta»» ^ ^d U4*> ^poliue«i W f ^ w « | party, ^ Krty ye*^»>»of tb**'5 _.-B.heh^2gMardent wish of every Italian—the political unity of that y**J*The Patrk has ostentatiously announced that, by" w have justified my assertions,, the revolutionsM ift .GEEAT BRITAilN.liiNhe Union* of the 2d ihv\.'declared to tfwr public that the reverend writer has evidently paid" close attention j ti^;,l «d fi.ikMj fdr-wiint,v«i dverofiotav Many youiig.:luel or Joachim Murat will soon provethat everal : ie Neapolitan Lazaroni is able to ap-preeiate |g od government. W e sluiuld not be what he has just done, :" Gen.'Garibaldi has commit- astonished I hearing that an Anglo-French squad- t e d an action which falls, within the "application of ron was p jug a visit to the Bay of Naples, and •«' the laws of piracy." We tail to perceive the pur-I" e must put his house in order, or else: fleward was killed, and the conaoirators. dance.1 w* ^ ^rianBon the6hoies nho m ]i b,lt ° TM &TM>iov.Aletter from j^For the Uv1, fortnight I have heard everThevhadachiV-wLiS«^ „\ •T <Uuce\l ^ ^ M ^ ^ ^ E ^ ^ : ^ ° ^ £ ^^ f*TMTM***** h» name to all ou.r readers,ty and industry with which he baa fulfilled the high WS-Hlfifl-^*krSMX"TM CUnUrCt. e aer of Shamyl, Daghestan and Lostionfund were detained. bffta'isqbecXfyti1 ••'••-."»•'•*>-rt*Ei- %Vonc<d banlly add that Mr. Httinhn was a Democrat » a bkteoa^to the country. But ho WaJarep;^^•"•••4|BBtlVA:I» OF THE.ABBIATIC.N IJ>•••.•-jof- the western Caucasus areffle nfeiaration«/er an^expedition in aid ofWnbn ihence to Street the operations and to csofcpejand Co.) Mr. Noel takes the narratives of tho.sport- put a stop to the prcj ara*k>nK. A* any rate; an article,on I,,r m<& fonfefcff to w>me surnriw> at th« no»niir 1.jng papers and of The Times as the groundwork ofappeal, and ft.unds on them an argument drawn from; Garibaldi tad gjven up bfe plans, ao# that the expedihis own State, and nil his recent-reputation 'rests upon *olawiothe€onv*^«>»- JnthisOJUUJ^AVIw^c hisjiopuhirityasastumporatorin^janVassii-^IllinoisxTTie Great Eastern is advertised to sail from South- to the copions literature of t..h..e. l.i.irht. His remarks are / mjan w h e huo- flocked to Genoa to'-tafte pan iw a war amptbri for New-Yorlt on the 9th of Juno. 0 ;tnie for-their grtoitf leader,-aud that their iWjroiM mistaken. The Repubheih; Naders hnve siceufbed tola'theHouse'of'Commons,May7,adiscussionof invariablyingoodtaste. Thereaderwillfindnodis- foptheUnifyofItalyreturnedtotherVmoim»f bat»•>'••Xaa the Kepublicau opponent to Mr. Douglas' return 1.0 polxcr, and thrown overboard u>$ man wlo-Jps »l«ed lie Brnatej when he succeeded in carrying the Stateeome'lengih took place between Mr. Walter aud Mr. paraging references to Sayers or Heenan, who of alllard of picked solijiers. mostly the companions i" arms- - :1 •.••-..I- .-4*.-'-'1. *•-.ra the front rank of .their battles, Md.fOii#r ed the by the popular vote, though Mr. Douglas secured a noeition which the party holds. They bxf T^joctva majority in the I^-gihlature. His record as a publictl e peoplepresent ho evidently thinks made the best off Garibaldi from'tfmong tbe famous litpyiMori* delloliorBnian relative to an article which appeared-in The figure at Farnborough on the 17th ult. It .is-for the Ajpi, last ftight^gave the slip t*tlieauthorises, aodareLondon 2'irncs, and which Mr. Horsmau said contained sjK'Ctatots he reserves his censures, and of them and' expected to arrive tonrorrow m« JfScily. ^toother ex-man is brief and obscure. He was horn in Kentucky »|H?ct—a man without experience in a P 1 ^ nXBmM, ;n 1809, received a limited education, adopted tho pro-fessionofthelaw,wasacaptainintheBlackHawk without the slightest pretensions to statrfuUifehlp, and war, lit one time Postmaster of a small village, foura gross culumny and an_ insultiug aspersion upon tbe House: •' ''::v " .'"•j edili<m follows tlierti soon; and^sboufd it arrive, nmy " To go fifty miles and pay £ 3 in order to witness within a week turn-the forttweof the Sicilian in>oeward "for a man infinitely his infer:or#erorrre-their.-tastes he says: .* ' • '.wboee laghest reeommeudation to poi3"tr support is times elected to the Illinois Legitlature, and a repre-at rived hereon Saturday noon, with three days from Europe. She left Havre on the 8tha stop to. further discussion, and the subject dropped. May 8, the Paper Duly Repeal bill Was read a thirdthat fce^was beaten by Stephen A. I)^ighi«jiu in5iu 1*>S, in sentative in Congress from* Illinois for one term, fromhragh over a good dinner at the end, seems to me a' prirtepted against the mo*/ementj aid the Patrie says jirrived off' Cowea the sauio evening. Hay- Mdlief Piccolomini left London for Sienna on Thurs- process adapted to form an ctfeminate ruffian. A rtif-' thjlt the Sai diniau vesselsoff ^cily nave been^^ ordered ing enjjbai iced the mails and passengers, she sailed day evening, Nvhere she is to be marriedto theaMarquis lian, becaute every man is a'ruffian who takes pleasure tooppcee with armed force anyjattenrj^twhicl) maybe again<ti\,eeveningoftheyth,passingtheNeedlesat andDukeCaetani. A,formal,betro$baitook place intheeightofButtering;andanelfeminateruffian,be-- madebypersonswhohaveembarkedinvesselshoist-that xaemorable hand-to-hand con for the United lb4? to 184".'. Ills private record is that of a tbird-rate State* SenatonMp u/iliinois. M dif-trivt politician, not, at one time at least in his life,timeand passed—iiI9 Yeas and 210 Nays. • ~Weisaman oi nerve, inrtepen/^nce, and persever- very particular in his associations or correct in his mor- ance,buiislackinginculture,a>uinmanyotiierqu:tl- alhabits. The"selectionofsuchamanoverthegreatuies that do most adorn the o**upaut of tae Presiden- exponents of the lienublican party, to the exclusion of tial chair. VSeward, Wade, Banks, Feesenden, a>.d othera, whoseT h e Kepnblicans^v^*ifeminated Hannibal Hamlin non ination would at leasthave been entitled to respect,-of Jdaine for the VTcc-Pre^idency. He was formerly a is an insult as gratuitous as its accomplishment appearsmanagement can overcomo the general feeling of dis- gust which its announcement must create with thodrawn up. It is said she has realized a fortune of.constai tstccession of strong westerly winds, with a £40,t100 by h'er brilliant tolsuts. dKhp Marquis is'a, no hardship* When .'a delight in the pain of others is in London undertaking the collection c# English sub-^ m o c m t , and is a man of a much higher order of inexplicable. vVe cannot see how any amount ot partyheadeei in a. deShe arrived offthe Light-Ship at 6:30 a.m., og, and was detained 3 hours.tt Britain has arrived from Australia, with.man of properly and,high family. .Piccolomini s name ie Clomentini.-JJer. father is Count CJemeniiui.The English gun lactones are now at work night and day oh a prodigious scale, forging, the. Armstrong gtuiB of all sizes, from six to lOO-poundors. It is expectedobtained in the midst of perils, as in the strife of brig- script iocs for Sicilv, bad, in o«der to replace the' arrow ands, ariiffian become's^at least bold and hardy; but which he feared would be saized by the Sardinian.v1wrfhry than iftr. Lincoln.when it is combined with luxurious ease, it may leave men no less efl'emiuato than cruel.''_ _ , frwn T*» Detroit (Mich.) Fiwi*ro»«.'The£190,C 10 a a gold, after a passage, of 62 days.Goyernn ent, received other 'arms, wtriofe had no* pail tied through Piedmont. ;'Til.e Paris correspondent of TTte London JPk&s, writ- ing en Monday^ tlie 7th inst., says-JThe Black Republican Convention at Chicago ves- ttiiceeef.•erday threw overboard Sewanl, and thereby made byall Michigan Black Republicanism very mu*.a down i.i TWe cannot resist comparing this nomination withthe month. They have nominated Lincoln for Presi- that of the Constitutional Union Convention. Only dent—Abraham Lincoln of Ilbuoirt, the man wh >:u thii.k of it—John Bell, the educated gentleman, tho Sandorii^ou^la*' beat two years ago. That is all tite reputa- experienced statesman, the man who. has brought abil- "*UOn he has^simply as the man who was qeaiea, and ity ard dignicy to the discharge of important officialwhen coming into the river from tho be made this year. - During the nine months since the cciisideiaiion of all candid and reflecting men, the con- factories have been in operation, 48 complete and sequences to bo apprehended to the order and tranqinl-hia reputation will not desert him this year._ , J . .OPINIONS OF NATIONAL UNION JOURNALS.From The A. Y. Exjnreu.The Republican party, whicn in the last Fremontfor naval use, beside a large number of lOD-pounders aginary wrongs. 'He says: -' / abuse him, compares him to the American fiilibusterelection made demigods not only of Fremont, but of people will not fail to draw them.| Jcesi^" too, now forgets all that, and ia to hand The Hon. Hannibal Hamlin, one of the present Sen-TURIN, May 4, I860, reigns from one end of Europefighting comes to be considered the nestway. of settling the! Sicilians.. The policy of resistance to the'revoiu- ;• His rccerd, all we have of it, was made up for him by States which they might not have received under other Senator Donglas in the Senatorial campaign, when circumstances.iMr. Lincoln was defeated in bis aspirations to the'Uni- from the Baltimore Clipper.ted States Senate, though he had2toe Buclntmm Aduiin- Abraham Lincoln in a Kepublicau of the "•irrepreesi- istration to aid him. He has the \try reverse of " the ble conflict" school, standing side by side with theneighbdjpi.best for the.laud of my birth and dearest affections. I trnly enough, that if these lights are good forthe work- 'governs his kingdom well or ill is hn»own;leok- I kingdom. Belgium and Prussia are had opposed to me one worthy of mo, and whose ac- ing classes, making them jmbre manly, they must be ' out, and Piedmont has nothing to do- with?,' it*' ,talent" Col. Fremont^ " the gre it traveler," had, for his *• travels," save bis recent visit East,. have been nearly all confined to the stump of Illinois. Neverthe- less, he is a great improvement upon the Fremont semination; and though he is not a very great man now, one week hence, "he will be the greatest man living," and we shall all be denounced who do not pro- nounce him so. . •The nomination of Lincoln surprises and frees the contest from the personalities which would have fol- lowed the Seward nomination, aud divests it of much ot its sharpness and bitterness. If the Democrats put Dougiaa on the track, we shall have in the Nortu-WestS'eat lfcaider, and only consicered more available by the epublicaus because, while his view*, am not less ultra in all that pertains peculiarly to Bepublicanism, he hasnot become wonotorious as Seward has been made by the circulation of the Rochester manifesto and the in- dorsement of the Helper book.'1he personal popularity of Lincoln is almost exclu-sively in Illinois and Indiana. His nomination is only Norther!: iermany. Austria has enough on her worthy Of one who has. received the notice of Tite aristocratic would probably crowd round the rope's tommummmmsmm1^TMT^^bw*i we, withus.willbearwillingtcaUmonyto thelfiiletFHF FF HAYS IATFR FRflW! FilrlOPFsince tho surrenderof Shaniyl,Daghestan andLosghia havetjve uwm.ol sho KepubJiwm P-irtv; he w a s the' prior to the orgnui2tttion of tho Repnhlican party, andwhom the delegates wont to Chicago to no niu.-tf ho that he" fouud in the same cause which contributed so MVl!H. RTANT FROM SIC[LY;therefore,of little impoitance; but.eveu their power. ,Tho Hon. and Rev. Baptist Noel, whoso, exerti!ons We* Garibaldi irf§*«w;to Quarto, a villnjje nef*"*w*8 the man kepubiican eieetors oxpectod t>> Bit-, powerfully to the formation of that party (we allude to The result fills the parly %\ilh iQ-jonoealedW&S^'i t! e repeal of tho Missouri Compromise) a sufficient mo-lately had to notice, has tinned his .attention to the iffeiv, t) ^-thiyfMfri^'tatM-Suid-imtmnmtioii^ went o»^ •%tiy* '&ii>:* "theFightbetweenUeenanandSayesrs." (Nisbet Kjirg. VtohuUy Ihcy.tnmt havegivensome'orderstomeat and resentment,'and destroys its last #1*'0I awcetee...-,- / .. J.;From The BnBalo Daily Courier. k f^ Anrtion for the office, and in his adventurous career as a the Prerfaetfcy mado at Cnicago. Xotwic^*«'dl,« \Vi stern pioneer poMewcd elemeuts of -popularity tbatthe hostility of*£Qftth*iHn*to Mr. Seward, w^'td'*5*!'" were made the most of in the canvass. Lincoln pos- SBB U! SION OF. CO-UIVT lHOXTJB3lbXiIIV. ffoaed that the hearts of tbo iCepubuonn u ^ « r , e • « H;ffccs neither. A year ogo" k? was unkuown out ofWITTER FROM TOMSAYEBS..bonier, betwceti iiussia and Armenia once rbmoire(l,ppjfer rertda or Asiatic Turkey will have to ruo Scene of thu prize-ring, and has just published " A Let- -cj'itli such publicity" tl^ltcould cot remain a secret! iheir political blunder.in not giving assistance to the " ter to.the Noblemen and Gentlemen who attended fm the M/tfjiKtcrs,aJ<bon^Ji thCTare absent with thotive for the (severance ol his ancient political rel itions.| J'rr.«»theBaltimore American.. Col. Fremont hud, perhaps, some claims of qualifica-•duties; and "Ale Lincoln," tho disputatious village politician, the stump orator, whose highest qualiii ,-a- ticn has been an oH-hand popular manner, anda rough wit, and whose j public life is as obscure as it is unmer- itorious. Comparisons, truly, ai-o odious, but theTHE P1CHT FOR TJHtE /CHAMPIONSHIP—LETTER oiheiS because they know that men without muscle threatens tLe King of Sardinia with alE-sorts of terrible •ultra Republican, not particularly popular, even in his diplopia! I te of the Continent. Russia alone looks .he old ftght over again, in which- Douglas came oil" owu party, and nothing but his freesoilism to commend quietly i|)>n this confusion. Prince Gorchakoff».>untry, and for this reason. A very large and iuflu-•;.: ial class of men in the Kepublicau pany have long ''iocerery desired a union of the whole opposition; aud o accbniplish that have been urging, the nomination ofpoleon w|j ;h makes a European coalition against plained, and there can be no doubt that that gallant their disputes by the fist/it is equally beneath working- the Sicilian manifestation, would occasion general ex-- ability as a statesman. It remains for tke.m to say uu- 1he snprejl acy of France impossible. If -the rcor- captain has once more devoted his sword and his life men; and I believe working men are becoming too asperatiom As to the argument that the Sicilians can?TK:h national and unobjectionable men as Bates or Mc- From The N. Y. Time* (Governed by the Sympathies, of • ^•an, in preference to any man thoroughly identified . . Youth.)der which thev will serve.OPINIONS OF NEUTRAL JOURNALS.ganizatiol ol Germany, by means of Prussia, is still in a most perilous enterprise for the freedom of his'op-- well educated, in general, to niake. their bruises and get no good from insurrection, it-would have been , possible, | will certainly be promoted by England; pressed countrymen. Garibaldi, as our correspondent their blood a-spectacle for your amusement." equally' applicable to Tcscany, Parma, and Modena». but we k | w that German'politics never progresses at Turin yesterday informed the public, set sail from who,; if the like advice had been followed, would have*Genoa on the night"of Friday last, and was expected We should like to sec the answer to this argument. been1 at this-momeut wearing the yoke of those Aus^ with the 1 quired speed, and therefore* I fear that to reach the Sicilian coast on Sunday. With him go a Noblemen, who are making our workicg men more triari lieutenants, the reigning Dukes.t mmmagpBKSSasssSSfSSiNE^YORK DAILY TRHWNE, MONDAY, MAY 21, 1860.•iftbe 20,000 muskets bought with She Q,KA<( thing to do with iiim. Tbe great duty of #Mropa ts- Iij& eald^bat tlwardtheItalians,justnow.istoletthemalone' &0R. BAPTIST NOEL AND THIS REC&NT PR1ZI>F1(H1T;From The JLendonNetoe*-Joins.tlieIiisurgoiits. Ckcaseian&;.K:-^v.-;.v.-^-1W0:di^y-i--Jltariiat^ &$ Piccolomini.te a mship Adriatic, from Southampton on the 9th lowed by others in the sjime spirit by Mr. Disraeh, but the intense sufierings of others, while sitting one's-self^aui'gents.", ;,, '"{.J ;'' •:\'-.-'&at ease on a comfortable .chair, enveloped in a warm* The vest-el in wlych Garibaldr^aaiJed bad taken outwrapper, and then, after lolling in an easy carriage, to^ papers for Malta. Thej Sardinhto^GOvernment harepriofto leaving,"and the niarriiige contract was duly cause the jjidulgence of the appetite for horrors is in ingthe Sardinian flag. --1 6:£0p, m. whence to Capo Race she encountered a these circumstances accompanied with no danger and •*ith tho Republicans. Tnis class of men navje failed Should Mr. Douglas be tho choice of the Democracy, long below the necessary preparations have been chosen few of those Cacciatbri defile Alpi whose ex- .manly—and there are.many such—are hot to be found ,'" A recent Turin letter, confirming the spread of the it their object by tins nomination. Mr. L. is distiuot- tbe contest will define itself very sharply and clearly. made the a mir of trial will have arrived. " The old ploits achieved this time latt year at Como and Va- among the frequenters of the prize ring.jveiy a Republican, but not tUe Republican which tho The only vital question uponjwhich its issue will de- statesmen! jf the Orleans school are taken aback by re.ve, against better soldiers than serve King Francis, , "You say that you wish to make the people manly. revolution in Sicily, statee positively tbat the Gov-• Bates and McLean delegutes wonlu»iiave preferred, in .pend, is undoubtedly the question of the relations the'boldn(|)s of the Napoleonic policy; and Guizot are so fresh in memory, and a number of officers who How can they be more manly when they work all day ernor, I-'rince Custelcicala, lately wrote to hia Gov- - i.oe event of a aefeut ol the policy to nominate a com- which Slavery as an institution is henceforth to sustain said latelji that the success of Napoleon III. makes acquired tbe General's confidence in his South Ameri in ill-ventilated workshops, sill-exhausted, and then einhfeut':promise and conservative man. to the Federal Government. This question, lyiug at csn and Italian campaigns. This little band was to be poison themselves with drink 7 If you wish them to " ^ThC insurrection gains ground every day, and has - In our own State the nomination isa midnight bomb- the root of all the political excitements aud inter-sec- him doubt] ithe genius of Napoleon I.. If ever, it immediately followed by another, which, without jus- be manly, improve the ventilation of their workshops become so powerfid,-tliat my position is very difficult. -,-ibeli in the Republican camp. Tne seventy yotss of tional conflicts which have of late years harassed pur is now tfl it France is at the head of Eurojfe, tifying the description of an "expeditionary corps and cottagis; raise their wages by encouraging emi- 1 have everything to fear both from the people and the'Xew-York, three times given yesterday iu the Con- public life and disturbed our commercial affairs, must and kmjs and nations look with awe d'ar)/tct>," since applied to it by the JPal-rze, will gration; teach them self-respect by a goodeducation; trobfis, and I cannot answer for being able to hold outvention for William 11. Seward, empuatically pro- be virtually decided iu the coming election. By their to . the i|y8teriou8 power of the Tuileries. doubtless prove strong enough, supposing it to effect a . • then with good food, temperance, and a seiise of much!longer.' , ' !;noui:ce<l the choice of the Republicans oi tuis St-ate. It nomination of Mr. Lincolu, and by'the platform which Of all the [stations of Europe the Italians trust; Na- binding, to enable Garibaldi to give organization, is uimeceesary to the long, patient, and industrious they have adopted, the Republicans have declared their poleon md t. They believe that by the cession of unity, and a firm basis to the patriotic movement, and maneuvering which steadny lor years has been going wiah and purpose to deal with this question, if possi- Nice and j savoy they have bought his alliance for to secure the ultimate triumph of the .nation over the on here, to concentrate everything Republican in f*vor ble, ina spirit of moderation, and to maintain the char- Bsurbons, its deadliest enemies. The great want of of making Seward President. Men, principle, meas- acteristic position of the Republicans North with as the eventual expulsion .of Austria from Venefcia, and the Sicilians is fire-arms and leaders accustomed to ure8,'patronage, favors, and promises, have been made little offense as may be to. the rights, the feelings, or have even 1 jsome hopes /that when the time has ar-. create which was the work of the late King's life, one to bend to tbis object. That: the prize should have the. interests of the bouth.' They nave not asserted in rived for n:iking an end to the maladministrafcioh f&r/Which he,.has received considerable credit, has dis- eluded the grasp j use as it was to be ciutched aud borne any hostile fashion their cardinal doctrine of the right of Naples,; je will not oppose the annexation of the tinguished iteelf in the recent conflicts only by bar- in triumph away, was indeed tantalizing. Such a of Congress to interfere for tbe exclusion of Slavery southern t brtion of the peninsula more strongly, barity and want of discipline. To pluuder nouses andpolitical reverse for a public man does not oxten occur, from the Territories, though the fanatical -violence with* than that 3 I Tuscany and the Legations. The Aus- monasteries, murder women and children, and fireduty; you may make them the bravest and manliest nation in the world."Need we say tbat this doctrine is identical with that thinking, greater facility in connecting his own opin- of the Rochester speech? # , - ions with those which obtain among the mass of voters,. T h e aaaifts of Sicily have caused a painful ex- endeavored to discharge them. The time seems nowcitement.! |The Neapolitan troops hold' the chief to have come when it will be difficult for it to maintain.towns of I is island, and the iusurgents defend them, is blind to the teachings of history, and deaf to the sug- -selves in ti e mountain fastnesses. An expedition from gestions of patriotism.Northern U j w , under the command of Garibaldi,was prepn-Mg in aid of Sicily, but it was artfully The tyranny of the Neapolitan Government becomesthat a decree modifying the project of law concerning passed [a dtiy there, jftiere were, of course, ujunbenisugar and coffee has been submitted to the Legislative of eoldiers. Bills were posted on the houses jmd shopsBody.' A notice has been ' posted up at the Bourse tO,the';;elfeet, 'This is French property,' 'Th'sia En- stating; that the Cuiw-o dcs,D6p6ls et'des Consignations glish property,' &c. •Several Consuls in Mes -ina said will continue to buy 427,L»00f. of Rente stock per day tliat niany persons had taken, refuge with tuem, an.On tbe same day be nttered some opinions wish re-Xiid to tbe Supreme Court, which are equally worthyof. quotation. He said that the Supreme Court haddeclared that neither Congress nor the Territorial Le-tjonfromthe claims of any among that number to saythat the honor in question was awarded by commone- ..ectation to the distinguished Senator from the State14th, and sailed from thence on the 15th at 1 p. m. There was no news of any importance stirring at Ha- vana but produce was arriving from the interior forinvented to describe ugly deeds—the sacrifice of greatinterests, a nation's peace, a monarch's rule, to privateKing of Abyssinia a treaty of coisunerce and friendship uot (kgjqneraed siu,ethe davs of your ancestors. Rev- olution jis ppniuuMnt in Sicily, esaft old Euro»e. Loti.very advantageous fe>r France. be once mere righj, tmd let thi*.tnmo b'a-tbe last. Lo^ Up to the i-'Bth of April, the'injuries to the Red SeaTelegr'aph. Cable had not be*n repaixeel, and conse- insurrection spread from one cmd to another of vou> quent ly tciegiapliic communicKtiou betwecu.Adeu and island; tight like heroes, as yea are ia the habit of* do- Suez remaiiwd-interrupted. . :•' j mg, and you. will; be victorious.c Kew-York, who, more than any other, was heldw'. tile representative man of his party, and who, oy shipping, and vessels were in good demand at .improvedIu. onmianding talents and eminent public services rates. Bark Growler, of Rockland for Boston, was toto Madrid, where his temporary absence, has weak- meaning, and scarcely a technical meaning, in the ened his psition, especially as the results of the • pieaem case. A devout mind might wisely adore theMorocco nx'dition have not answered the high- Divine powes in auy stroke which, should smito down wrought'eipectationft of the Spaniards, who really once tor all the blasphemous anarchy, which, although••— .'.";.'', rITALY,W so largely contributed to the deyetopmentj of it"The; Gox^nmient of i^A Bou?bon« havijeff been brokendowa, we will proelaim that which Centra Italy has .already chosen, the o»Jy one. thai can W called l&titan, that of the brave and^aflflnt King. I40 tts, therefore, mscribe 03 our banners tho word fAjx- nvx?4t\ph.' ..*-'•Before being a "ft?publ"eanl^,mtsin favor of tmitv,pcrtance. On tho night of the f>th,; Garibaldi left Ge-noa secretly for the island. There was, at one time, lead to |u I was mistakeiu Victor Emmanuel made daugorthatbisexpeditionwouldbea.failure,forvtb» Italyprogresstowardthsitiobject;hewillleadherto Piedmontete Government had ordered all the tweets it, if tpe people will assl^ him. I thus saeri^ce oldideas to c&l principlo; and with you, Sicilians, and and.nmmunitton intended lor wisein Sicily to be $c*r/cd. all'the 4|5&vrpeople vf the Ralimi penuiauht, \Y^U^wiXL,sail in about eight days; brig Lauretta, Jackson, for •phi eiples as well as to their defense before the Amen New-York, to sail 16th.r\ f?hm with the insignia of political promotion, and that] horse-pistol. The weapon was loaded with shot, thir- m ';ar country the highest civic honor* are uot always teen of which entered the throat of Calef, inflicting *vk*ded tothemostetninontcompetitor, • _ woundswhichwillprobablyprovefatal. Co.Has.hadb a t i ^ ^ ^ 'asde£?Si •3b people. By what considerations the Chicago ConuomioM***.^ belief**^"!: rard, b « ^rver.Hiiinat^i^» upon **•'r BOB** |,:rbelieved tlKt thV»ir battalions would easily conquer- crowned at Naples, has, bv its crimce, placed itself- •: the Mussu|xian Emjnre in one campaign. • Napo- out ot the pale ot all systems' and sanctions of law,d nward. JjMt old, ftKH1 yStte*$*%&**<^^*^iv«s. ion was influenced in j>ostponing the claims of Mrfevard, we are of course unable to say. But hifcinad* and admirers will find consolation for their dis ter N. H., on Wednesday shot William Culef with a sovoimmeiit in the fact tbat he can well affordto dis-leon is aboa t sending an expedition, half scientific,, which most ever contemplate the peace and happiness of mankind. Gatibaldi's movement may not bo pleas-half udlitJ.-y, through the desert, from Algiers t» ing to aUGovctnnients, but it is at any rate, Italian... THE SICILIAN INSURRECTION.The news from Sicily is stirring, and of much im--union. Even the most conservative of Southern men declare this ekeptici^mtb be a iatal'mistake. Still it exists, and must be taken into the account in estimatiug the motives and probable course of the Republican party. Their answer to the question of the day is peaceful interference against tho extension of Slavery.From The Boston Trantcript.It is both amusing and instructive to observe how the nominations made for the Presidency ^ind Vice- Presidency at Chicago, yesterday, are received by politicians of the dilierent parties. The Union Con- stitutional party laugh at the nomination, as the old \\ bigs laughed at the nomination of James K. Polk in 1844. " W e will return," said Rufus Choate on chat occasion, •'James K. POIK to the Convention cha&dzV- '•"coveied him !" In the same way the Democrats were hilarious over the nominations of General.Ham-Government has ordered its vessels off" Sicily to op- trust' his pore popular brother Ferdinand Maxi- pose the General's landing. We trust" for the sake ofi• •'• F R A N C E . • j.' — — - • —II1Isou and General Taylor. The success of these three candidates proves that contempt for opponents is more pleasant than wi*e.disorganize!! administration, has ceased to have auy weight in I jurope.The Constitutionncl has an article by its chief the rebels, they could not at the same time contend editor, M. Grandguillot, condemning "the .efforts against a hostile population. It seems to be pretty which are being made to cause the fall of Count certain that, for several days, the insurgents had been Cavour. It details,tho diflicultks which have been suc- closing round Palermo, and rumor says that an attack cessfully overcome .by Piedmont, and points out the was hiade upon it at three points on or about the 28th • political importance which sho has-acquired with the ult. It is added, also, that another conflict took place consent of Europe. It extols the policy of Ceunt at A'cilReale on the same day, and that volunteers have * Cavour, and condemns him for resistiag the efforts of landed b n the coast..'those who wonld exceed that policy.' This article alsoclearly decla res"that Europe, and France particularly, The latest authepticmowsfrom Messina is containedc • tion of the Two Sicilies with free Iliily is essential to will energetically disapprove aggression; and that the in thefollowing from Consular and private sources:—Stephen Corliss, a shoemaker, residing in Manches-**t the worthy gentleman phiced v nomination for slandered Calefs wife; when remonstrated with for it, now take! |ks way by Murxuk to Tripoli. Russia eign, simply in ihe interests of freedom and order,* Noifef'Viee-Pjesideney it must be unneewmary for us to he retaliated by trying to murder the husband.IT • ^wi, as hk long, career in the Senate of the Lnited H•2•.s^ Cologne Gazette state, thatExpectation will now be strained to learn the for- tune of Garibaldi's expedition, what, new obstacles it encountered at sea, and what reception onthe coast.the'peace of Europe, that the Sardinian commandersmay be so unlucky as not to fall in with the General. his exile in Germany, to appoint him once mere The situation of the Piedmontese Government would Palatine oi Hungary, which would imply a return be difficult enough if Garibaldi were to full iu an un-to conslitul ional government. But this -report tallies successful endeavor to'succor an Italian population struggling with oppression, while the King was receiv-milian, ,wl|» has just returned from Brazil, with, the5.—The Paine believes'itselfcorrectinRegency, .lid recalling the Archduke Stephen fromP A K I S , Maystating that no decision has yet been taken relative to ' foun<}, the people were conipe-lled to supply mattresses the evacuation of Rome. The same paper says: It and other articles of furniture. In snort, the troops is asserted that Marshal McMahon. will take the com- in these places are or were bivouacked as if taking mand of the Camp of Chalons in June next. their first lesson in the mode of occupying a city; theso little wil a the personal character of the Emperor,that 1 meMpoir it only on account of its great circu-lation, without believing it. So much'is certain, would destroy tbe moral and political influence Of Count that the confusion in the Austrian Empire must lead Cavottr, and throw the direction of the forces of theto a changl in the system of administration, though new Italian kingdom, into the hands of extreme and it is very questionable whether even such a change violent men. Certainly the Sardinian Cabinet lias amost difficult # duty to perform. Up to this time it lias can prevejub the disruption of that State, which, endeavored zealously, in the face of the'greatest dis- with its demoralized army, bankrupt treasury, and couragement, to effect tho emancipation and independ- ence of Italy by amicable negotiation with the Nea-politan Government.the full independence of the Peninsula, and as that in- dependence has been uniformly Bought by Piedmont, in preference to all selfish territorial aggrandizement) only those wLo have from the first misuude*stood the policy of that kingdom can be surprised that it should seek to secure the aid of the Southern Kingdom by diplomacy rather lhau through revolution. The chauceoof suc- cess, it must be aamitied, are, and always were, of the smallest,andwecanquitesympathizewiththosewho,; looking merely at the deserts of the Neapolitan Gov-The correspondent of Tlce Morning Post says: A maneuver is perfectly new in this country, and a very_JTo an Englishman there "is something absurd, almost Gen. Be|iedek, the new.Governor General of leading to doubts of its sincerity, in the proposal to Mr. Lincoln, though- not generally known, liko Mr. Hungary, i Inow trying to bully the Hungarians, harmonize constitutional, liberty with the rule of the Bourbons at Naples. Yet it has* been adopled at Turin in good faith and prosecuted sedulously. The coopera-Seward, as a statesman, and confessedly inferior to Mr. but neither his first hectoring proclamation, nor his Seward as a representative man, still possesses quali- first repressive measures have made any impression ties which will make him a strong candidate. There in Hungai where he is neither feared nor re- are no prejudices against him in his own party, and 'speeted. gaiu', we hear by telegraph that some therefore the whole strength of the party will be ex- of the inos prominent men among the old conseiva- erted in his support, die is probably more likely towork of Piedmont is no longer to exsena her bounda- ries, but toassimilate herself to the annexed provinces. The Moriiteur publishes an Imperial decree promul- gating tlie law passed by the Legislative Chambers forj; " MKSSINA, April 30." The state of things is precisely the same. Confi-„ .'denccjH not restored; the great portion of the peoplecarry what the Republicanscall the "doubtful States," lives—the 5d Government party before ISIS—are than many others who are better known in these to enter t j new Council of State. Count Apponyi,abolL':liibg, ai:d in certain cases modifying, the duties have net returned. There is little or no businet-s doin'<, and ttiere is fear of something every moment. We.* IA my opinion tbe. 8ta»«-ry agiiaiiou will not coas^ until acriits ftfiall to-*© be^n Ttxtefiwl *"d pa*»e«t. * A h Mw divided&caui*t it**!* cannot stand/ 1 •brHovn ifli» s&ovuruuiont canuot States. In regard to his mind and character, he seemsendure permanently balf «***<"' m»d buljf ixce. 1 do not expect to combine in a rare degree shrewdness with enthusi-tlwt'nit-n to be diHsohrvd-r-I do not oxp«ct tho hoiuo to loll, outIdoexpectitwillCe»»^tot"«di»idKd. Itwillbvaoutv alloa«tWnc or aU th«j other. * Either tin; opponent* oi rfuvery w.il ar-r(»Hhe fuither apread of \t—pLace it where the puolic unud »hall against Douglas in 18.08, he proved also that he was doubtful Mfther either of the two would aecppt an ernment, betray the most lively impatience of negotia- wx in th« tx-He/ that U Uin the court of ultimate extuiction; or. one of those sturdy workers who-can " toil terribly."ii» advoa<te» will paah it Iwrwu/d, tl.l it *ludl become alixe. law- No public man of "hisparty has a quicker, more instinc-ful in all the Stat**, OW tut well aa new—JSortii ua well *.- south.' tive perception of popular feelings and modes ofasm, practical sagacity with passionate devotion toprinciples,and,incanvassingthe Stateof Illinois mianforti) |8,arementionedamongthem;butitisand a more insinuating* way of proving to the people the he " is one of them." •From The Boston Traveller.The nominations made yesterday at Chicago com-even the forms of friendship with a Gbvernmeut whichwho whs ancellor.before the revolution,aud Baron Nicholas dy, at that time. Judge of the Supremo Court, an Jin 3830 a prisoner of State in a Bohe-hitherto levied on cotton. The import duty on cotton have jiio. Intendcnte, ^ n d the Syxidic is suspended.imported into France in French shipping is abolished; Every | one couaid^rs the * affair as by no uieans ended-that imported in foreign shipping i* to pay a duty of 3 We are allunder milir|i-y control.. "Arbitrary and uu-francsthe100kilogrammes. CottonImportedinto limitedarrestsaremudeJ,andthiskeepsupcontinued Franco by land is likewise to pay a duty of 3 francs disquietude."-' vto shock h< [moral feelings of Europe. The King ofAustria Victor Eihtcannot work against her, even to please a more im- portant neighbor than King Francis. ' • . ' ' :this information to be reliable;The Paris correspondent of The London Times says: peninsula. ', » "FROM HA V ANA.—The U. S. Mail steamship De Soto,J. D. Bulloch, commander, arrived at 10 o'clock onSaturday morning, from Now-Orleans via Havana, backing tlfe remonstrances of tht; Embtissadors. pose of this information, which is, moreover; quitewith merchandise and 101 passengers to Livingston, Crocheron &. Co. She wa« detained outside the bar:;Afewplayfulremarksby;LordPalmerston,fol-Further on Mr. Noel Urges an argument which' The trapia came in contact with the serew-atoamor thati^ao HnXlst chiefly .of the larger description, will has always appeared to us most worthy of theGreat: carried-T^Tjbe Paine announces, appapently ottvanthentid The Arabia had rigging of port side equipped batteries of field artillery have been turned lity of civil life from encouraging people to look to in- inf<irn ation, that Garibaldi had aa-aally \eftlot Sicilying the homage of Geuti-al Italy; but the active inter- vention of that Government to cut off aid from Sicilyvery extensive and augmented camp is forming at Chalons. There is to be a grand review this year.general and strong sensation has been created by it."A report bad prevailed at Palermo to this ell'ect: That the "insurgents, according to their custom, hadoffice fro fflho Austrians without the restoration of tions with that despotism. Still, the Piedmontese Go v- per 100 kilogrammes. •An.English gentleman, who arrived by the port-boat at Naples.on the 4th ihst., Bays;" Thfcre was/ scarceh- a person hi the streets, .and.TSio ernment has had di.ties to perform, and has faithfully the Constfiliition.'Ihe price of flour varied considerablyiin tlie Paris market, hist week. Wheat was firm.PARIS, May 8.—-The Moniteur. of to-day announcestrifelaturecouldexcludeSlaveryfromaTerritory,andmendthemselvestothefavonofthecountrybythedelayedjiintjuitwastoolatetobeofanyuse.morefanaticalandbloodthirstyeveryday.At;Paler-untilthe7thofJune. ''-..'" beingthesurestplace,TherecanbenodoubU.thatin»STovoitbrow that decision they must overthrow the excellence of the men selected to head tho Republicans. There is hoWj scarcely any hope for the in^urgeuts, mo citizens are executed iu crowds on mere suspicion.3:15 p. 7w.-rThe Bourse was flat. Rentes, which, thehrst wee-.k the soldiers firedou unarmed f.nd..quiet opened at 7Of.'85c, uftiirwavd improved to 71f. 5c., peopleV" .but were finally quoted at 701". 05c., or about the same News had arrived in Messina, saying that me.inson* us Yesterday. ' . '.'- roctionlhad broken out agaim.The London Herald!'s • Paris correspondent savs:"With whom are' we going to war .tfbxt," * is ... i PROCLAMATION: OF MAZZIJiJ.the general question in French military circles.. T h ecanip at Chalons will consist, of Cavalry, Infantry aud The jfollbwing is the text of the prochjjation ad-Artillery complete, amounting ie 40,000 men under dressed by Mazzini to the Siu!I5ans:Maisbul McMahon, and Will in reality be the center of " Si<Jli:ms: When I, almost 30 years a^ft, inscTibed an aimy of observation for forming along the Rhine on tlie banner of young Italy the word ' Unity.;' when Frontier, the right wing being echeloned from Resan- I Kiid. that a popular, imiurrection might. ex|)el Ajasjxia,& cbn to StrtiSburg and the left wing from Ei-z.to.JL.une-. from SJombardy, and oyertbrojw the t"jHrom;8 of>the ville,;the whole force amounting to 00,000 men, to be d».-'spotIJbf Florence, Rome, ktid\ Naples, .practical men under the co.mmaikl-in-ehief of the Emperor, Tho- laughed at me for tliinifing of impossib^.dreams, andwriter says the last year's events proved the source of. declared as a Utopian scheme what is aow the mostnreeeat political dynasty; and m his speech m Ciu- f einnati, he again said, " The people of tliexe UmUd ' **&airx are the rightful master* of oolh Congress i " aud Courts." Sucn, then, are his views. He held^ to be the duty of the people, to keep up the* * * " Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Douglas who are! hummed in by the royal troops. Bat Carini, a place of 10,0UU inhabitants, is given over tow a Henry Ck} j tbeguation till Shivery is extiuguisiied, and as this Su-are bitter rivals, their rivalry being eff many years existence; and it is possible that Mr. Douglas may foiget his Democratic enemies in his desire to defeat hia still older enemies in Illinois, at Whose head the Republican Presidential candidate now stands. Or, ho anu his section of the Democracy could come to an understanding with the Bell party, and so the latter have a fair look for victory. Anything is on the cards, when party discipline is so loose as k is in these latter dijyr-. " * Mr. Lincoln is well kuown to be a man of chivalrous courage, and frank and open as light itself, qualities that ever tell with the people.Mr. Hamlin has always held a high place in the Senate, and probably there is no man in the country who has a better acquaintance with its great interrsts, or who has labored more industriously or intelligently for their advancement.superfluous. We did not require to be reminded oi the ' Count w fntemolin, the Spanish pretender, ar- terms which are uniformly applied alike to. "the' basest rested aft<» ftio failure of the Ortega expedition, has and noblest enterprises irregularly undertaken by pri-thought it se to give up his claims to the throne vate men against those who have, by birth, or crime, Accounts from the Red Sea of a recent date (says five. :';|l . \ . . ' . . ' ,.-;.rather tha rust to the magnanimity oQ his cousin. ThusjQue Isabella has now no rival left to fear and can obi the impulse of her heart by grantingor accident, become invested with tho supreme*au- the .Journai du Hot-re) state that €apt. do Russet, of u Sicilians1 Bo y.*n the first; 3how that you liavo tkority in a State. Traitor and pirate ture ugly words the Frc.ncU Navy, had signed at Gbhdsr with thea complete ninesty. O'Deuneli is soon to return ambition and personal aims.. They have, no moralTinibuctool i whilo another expedition is bound, to- the same m|ce from Senegal. Ho wishes to <x»n- Bolidate tm. jA.frican possessions of France, a'iid to bringtho<jtravancommercebacktoAlgiera whichThe General is tho agent of no one. Ho goes—notftr it jappeaied tj>..me th^, a republic alone couldhas sustaifnd a defeat froin the Westera Clreas-> other nation—English, Auetrian", or French—h«« any>Untitled Document• .w«*-r*.^»,iJf"* .M^« »*~*, 4- ijy ^ttilriiniing the frail sisters of the Hay market wo P e gaze of the public Stilk4bc enlistment of voidawm••/ ,mconsideratiorjs of social order, morality, and religion.out and equipped for service, as well .as..-200 4o-pounders dividual strength .as a meansrpf redress for real or im- at If-e head of an-armed expedition. It proceeds to 1The Great Britain was'not injured.in progress of manufacture, and which will be ready "Pugilism, like pistol-practice, makes strong aud Walk«jr, and calls him a pirate. Th* Pays, speaking THE STATE OF EUROPE. by the 1st of Atigust next. , . . , . - practised men bullies in common life, ready to insult in'anticipation of the event which it does not yet knowvFrom Oi. r 0\ ni Corrcapondent.'and with no practice cannot fight with them. At the consequences if Gai ibaldi should help to emancipate same time, it tends to make others quarrelsome; for ifSlit:- The period has.arrived when it becomes my a dispute, amah who has any strength will always be' tio^ii, it says, is the only one which can guarantee to Vi(|tor Emanuel the jieaceable poseessivn of bis^new itself over to Mr. Lincolu. Mr. Lincoln is a very re- ators from Maine; was nominated on tho second ballot to the Iher. Portugal has suddenly! become duty to thanlithe great British public for the patronage disposed to fight for any trifle, and our cities, towns, stales; and tboso who tell him the contrary are hiaDistepectable lawyer in Illinois, with not tho twentieth for the Vice-Presidency. This ia a muci more respect- alarme part of,the education or talent that Mr. Seward, nits, able nomination than that of Mr. Lincoln. The nom- sire foil i but he ha» the advantage of coming before the public, inee aud the platform together will give the Union"with not being so well known by u, a* Fremont was. Constitutional nominees 100,000 votes in the Freethe rumor that Napoleon, with his de- they have bestowed upon me. and villages will be filled with fighters. Your support enemies, and the encivies of the peace of Europe. It is not.for me to pass, any remark upon my late of these.fights wilhset your own villagers all righting.'' This journal de I Empire—this organ of tae" FROM SA YEI^S.To the Editor of. The Times. . I:'consolidation of the Latin raices, has struggle, when the New World- was pitied'against the Mr. Noel pushes the argument much closer, and, in power which professes to be the only one that goes to propiis Spain the. eventual annexation of the Old; out one thing.1 can say in honesty, that I did iny fact, gets his antagonist " on the ropes." He observes, way,for an 'idea'—'whether the King', of-NaplesthrcatcThe a Jxation of Northern • Savoy distresses counter. Sprung from our own race, the Americaus render it more necessary tlmt they should cultivate tho however wretched may be the condition of ?be peoplegretitlyand thechampionship, pass away for ever!' Upon my own to adopt it yourselves, You would, indeed, draw • principle of Italian nationality, has a great deal Of bus- pleases the Government here at Turin; part, and that of my children, I humbly offer to you some monster trains to. your ring, were you to an- mesis with- the bad government of Sicily and Naples,negotiaien denied and still againrevivingnews of 8 between Denmark and France disturbnounce that the Earl of A—r- and the Duke of B — - would, on such * a day, for the improvement of theirso much so that whatever conduct diplomatic necessi- ties may have forced upon Count Cavour, the King: might very seriously compromise his position with his own] subjects if he were by any violent measurei 'toa confirmation of the truth of the suggestions we havejut-t made. There need now no longer be any hesita-tion oil the part of conservative men anywhere, Northor South. They have on the one side a straight-out, /French jjijpers, lies like a nightmare upon all the London, Sundcy,..May 6.see which should first blind or disable tho other. - But prevent them from extending a helping hand to-tbeirby tho theory of natural boundaries. tivity, rapidity, and pluck, it was'no small task to en- good for the rich and noble, whose luxurious habits Moreover." it lays down the law'dogmatically tbat,inherit our.best qualities, and as our conflicts with thcrn power of endurance. in Naples and Sicily, they will never better tllemBelve* Switzei ait d and Southern Germany; the activity have, in the process ol time, ended in peace, BO may " I supposej however, that mucli as you advocate by iiison e<tion an<i revolution. It may be answered of Liam •x iere in organizing the Pontifical troops Cvciy bitterness engendered by tbe late struggle for tho this way of invigorating the poor, you do uot. propose to tie Pays that, Victor Emanuel, who represents thehands in ungary not to foel comfortable; and the 2%ikes -newspaper. questior ; the East, continually mentioned by the 1 reusain, Sir, &c,GARIBALDI AND SICILY.From TheJLvndon Times.that not'being intended, vulgar blood alone is to flow. brethren. • I have before me at this moment a Milan/ ..The eai 1 does not mean to be smashed himself' becausehe smiles at seeing Heenan smashed; and the duke letter, of the recent date of May 5, which states thatdoes not mean to have his right "jarm brokeii or turned onejeff Garibaldi's aides-de-camp, living in that city, into blue jelly because he co.mes to see the arm of- badjbec'n telegraphed fir to go to Genoa to attend the Sayers so treated. Is not this"tofmake poor men your General, that the belief in his departure for Sicily wa»-my most grateful thanks, and I trust, to whateverperiod Providence wnl extend my life, that no act. ofmine, either in private or in public life, will b« un- •country, strip and figbt;. and an assembly still more— TOM SA YERS, Champion of England.."Garibaldi, therefore, wiU arrive in happy tune." • A- .'Meantime, the state of afiairs in the island is as difficult to reach as ever.... The official journals of Naples here and there weakened his position by misconcep- daily I report that "all is quiet," but no one believestions and overstrained applications of arguments rigut- them.' On one day it is stated by popular rumor that in principle. We are.surprised to find him stating tuat the insurrection is subsiding; then that it is spreading;thtj lords and gentlemen who attended the fight were' theuthat the insurgents have the advantage; then thatdrawn thither by a sordid love of money, and that if the royalists-sweep everything before them. For the they exulted in ;every gash inflicted on Heenan till theirshouts rent the air, it was because those gashes were weekj ending May 4, the residents of Naples had no» likely to fill their purses. Doubtless there were many fiewstat all from Sicily, telegraph communication being present of .whom it is true that " each blow was like a interrupted, and no steamers allowed to leave. Ia "check upon the bank, each fresh protuberance like a" purse oi gold, and wolfish eyes were sparkling at it Naples itself an Unusual military movement has been "and eager throats yelled out ther frantic delight." madeJ A correspondent says:It will be seen from the foregoing extracts that Mr.Noel can hit hard occasionally. We.regret that he hasPreparations are being made at Toulon and Mar-seilles to receive the.eeige artillery of the army of Italv, given]notice that, at the end.of the week, they would originally intended to reduce the strong places of Ve- niakejan attack on the city, and the authorities are-' netia. reported to have added that, though able to disperseThe departure of the Emperor for Nice ia, postponed'until the treaty between Sardinia and France shall, be of 184$have proved that not a thronev.even wiien sun- ratilied. ported by foreignbayonets, could stagtd'agahst the willDefensive works on an extensive sc^e are s'ill car- of tbe people; the -events which have taken .place in ried on with grent.nctivity on the con's.!.of Britteny and. Italy duri-'g the afcet twelve montho>chiarly, show that Normandy. 1am assured that the official returns show unity will be no longerf* dream, bii&a reality.,when the that the nunibkr. of seamen inscribciiiu-'tho maritime people who sti'J groupi in chains give a, strong and inscription is £8,000*. fresh impulse ta even'3, and resume a vigorous uiitia,Garilialdi, being in connection with' fee Committee;|.--•:•,•.j Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com, •-nimii..»ip(i1„nw,i*> «'-''.«»iiJ>l^ll-lll1•'•'I ''I •!«•.W 