 ^'4States and the Sanitoriea, as upon the liigh seas. With thesepublicand--^!Baltimore.he may governlalwr, care for them from the cradle to the grave, andalwaysof (he building."thepleasurecompanvof preaarviagIg|i««>.oiiW^be8day,cloaedItaerUinMag^nttMpeeraticPar(yatlarge."BuyareeoAnv:-stantlybeenthepretextsale ofshore." AlloverEnglandexis(volimtarylately,aletterofGeobgiWASnnaMB,writtsa4half the sidewalk as a sort of packing-room,''^ institution and at all ttaore on fine dars Ihe traffic is im- andvrickedty.i||^«eq^Ainf to save the ex-whom eylll»*rWi'dgh-foraiBnoniinatl»n.3»t.'a*.under its csre the Northwest Presbyterian Churchin FiAieth-street, and admitted Rev. LiTTHJaH.Vax DoaaK to membership. Seven young men the Southern States but for the increasing war- der the auspices of the Commissioners of Pub-Hi "at i:; forand inquired by whoae authority apartments the City Inspector had been hired in the /Jas/jr iVeiM Building. The Board concurred In appolnt-* Torkhas•I k>:tin,<ai^^»n»>a««eii*i^l>w«<yir«w».»«t«Inga competent interpretersameintimates, by the same corrupt means wliich passedtheothers. asnearaswecan well-knownldimIiBa jaeCaiilnj offisred to the Convention by Ur. cussion of the subject, there are many aspects and authority, who are at least as numerous are wi(h her, huddled (ogether into a single case seems hopeless.could say with truth that the majority of oar native newspapers are conducted with aa laachfairness, elevation of tons, and uniform good aa^N as have marked the Courrier under most of ita*'4be not distinctly repudiated in the platform,dgnty propertyin (he Commonwealth, (axed at thetowhichno— kindly'but in'acharacter of (he new pla(form" wliich is (o powerful American State, with all the privi- replace (he pla(form of Cincinnati. I( would, *leges of tbe ballo( for i(s inheri(ance, and all'Percy Walker, yes(erday indicated (he They find the mother, not like her of (he Scrip-'withoutthe fatalof being in In time of war, any_sellinterests for so much(may expectmaternitybe noticeable in the caae of afey jomad pecuniary advan(ages npon (hem, (he unprin- of a newspaper printed in a taagae iimifa to OmhappyorftmUX, AfBIL n, IMJ.tUtutwUimg/mttnDwmm. aitethePost-office,laidasanexperimentin1866^this, and notlilng more. When fhe Dei cimtio Party makes xsf Us mind to couoede mpdest demand of ita Sonthem wing, it mifC bid adlea to aH hopes or (houghta of Fedeifl st^-remacy.The doctrine of the Democratic Committeethe spirit an4(WmUjy-tm S«uiu SZZteMaiM 10 tiMlMiKMTWHIlPmiM. Antthe CommKtee of givesbeen jusQy punislied by tlie Baihroad bills for i(s indifference or ratiier hostility tothe Pro-Rau««W^T«tfcOI».'•• ADTCKTISBBS.minated from the "invioiato isles."and, by is a glory of the reign of EowAsn thelast aession. We haveof the circulation of the bat tha pieaent momant lo lapld a* toIt imperatiTa that advertiaeinenU intended flka dallr lame Aoali be a«at in at the earliest mant. ABnooncenMnts which fall tognawed by rata at Bellerue Hospital last Sunday night. The Doctora think ita death waa not oanaed by theinalienable fromalso. They are persons held to service. They that in .Us time tlie cruel and cowardly «olf of itaany special mismanagement set toaalugHBentpersonality belong..aanted osoce moderate forms of the doctrine ; ,leaguewithfoes.iana, and the Spanish-American States ;Litlarttfaieenpartasufferings,representetives,journalao aolid aaupportin the ofway indigeaoaaamong others, a statement that the adoption of the dogma of Federal pro- tection to alave property in the Territories will be the signal for the Douglas party to toU. The delegations frotn the Gulf States are—and find what thecomocy;the enti^ slaveany contribution to the burdens of the ernment. The value of slaves taxed is $81,-of anrefuse to sign it. been called for! should find iiimself.to theties of Federal success can be conciliated withthe features of this case. And have awaited (he action which we fel(willretireandplaceinnominationjErriBSON rateofthey fortycentsonthe$100,is only $123,-find the bill called for loudly enough. It is a administered, and then, alanned at the of proapectorderingy foulamongthis plain stetement of a simple tmth ?Curiouschargesbrought againstu<.t >,-.!'i,7 „ . SSJai*'^and"of infallible poisons,"have been quietiy multiplying, until, as our re-,mailaM Mlf eOBtool of childhood, vrilh a physicalfoimatico peculiarly adapted to the performance o{labor, and a want of energy and unwillUigness to per- Department, give evidence of more reasonable fbnn even such labor as is essential to tbair own views concerning postal'^aoilities than have maintenance, ne laws of this and other slavehold-ing States put this class of population under theguidance and ownersliip of the master, in order thatcheapth.»t the " meathe Edwards veto to be printed. Inrats. Do (he every floor, a( every height a( every depth. and ferocious dainty;pnblic these traf-tion, and send (hem, disgraced and branded,ft^fire toi bill, which waa defeated aainatiwiNo busineas waa tranaacted by the Police Com- __lkaafioabefaraiiiBa o'clock P. M^loaeall misaionera yesterday, lieyond ordering a billIkl mtf^tagta of claaaification under the heada amounting to $1,136 66—Uie expentea of the war upon the ahad polee—to be paid. The Sanitary 4* wUA leadara an accnatooMd to refer. It ia, Police aubmittcd a list of localities which needed^ may as for the cities iI THKATBC—Oouaaa B«ra. ^j^jJUOFI XHXAniB—Tows Jiai> OaninaT—KnxmUf BSWnr THKATRB-Boan Hoo»-Bn Ohohi .«m Vim Woaiea—Hov'a todb UaouTBixnnra mrannf—liiuBoaB-oapHis or siin-Ta. gfaalt—JaAwaDiAaaPaAiB'a Oani at DiATB. ^mUrgE nrenrnn—fiOLDBICK'a WJSICAL HALL—Boiua Knncua.CBAPKL—luoiOAL Bnranuintaim.OBAnL-Gi>> Ten Tnva. BAIAOK—daoaoa Csaian'a Komaau.storyupon our commerce with the West wonld;WMiKKB, of Alabama, and referred, which de- of the which would excite Slavery question74da for the proteetioQ of the property of American— over these poor wretches passes (asse'sAmostimportent bill, designedtoBrooklyn rule of M, K Massebas, its present adicot, thacilixenB, as well within the Unitedinhabi(anteof (hisandchangesofgovernment,particulariy under the„'~^ ~ lafu terms, the question, it is hoped, may bei( is(ha( aluxury andcomforted all (he tendernesses against the fearfhi aud hourly danger of boiler byseven years of whoae sway tiave evidentiy beaat " "—ready to stand by his averments. A lively coover- as ca(t]e and lands shall be taxed equally.jatioD followed, garnished by vulgar and disgrace-fnl «|iill>i<a1iei1i°1 by the Virginian at the Ohio The Democratic State Executive Commi((eeto feelrepreaentatiTe. Mr. Flobibci attempting to pro-cure as adknimment to Monday, and being in-•tantly anubbed, the House resolved itself intoriiapjlliiiioftheWlioleupontheStateoftheUn- mons(Tate very eamesdy against putting iooi aad listoied to a speech from Mr. Jsbkins, ofnow with this much-burdened " Committee on the Pla(form," and with (he chaos of recem- mendationsoutofwhichitisstrivingtoeduce, a feasible order of batUe.niioT) ~"'lia, descrip^e of the calamitous atate of ibofli for ate Booth and the Union, sure to<#r^ceiaama IniAIbirttlattttmtoaMaiPoe- —Tke r^ «ggrRd, and which witti a fii^tfiil irony w« iamen make affida<rtttliat theyfiem tb» alaetion of a Bepublican to theA plea for an exalted tariff, from tentire ofbyand it doea not deailyatand a. defiance of Democratic principles Iran Xr. EoUu*. of Indiana. The orator waa not at-ltt onbuzttHa by tlw fact, that aince the re- ai^in the"Bellevue Hospital," lias been forlively,Mt. Jtldk of Maaaacbosetta, followed t^B"We apprehend that our present mode of taxingr-TTi TriBtT— tknt it m ^«n4e lud," Htm -ntf utara «foverecien- u lawyar in one scale, agsM;'k»af.te4BMta|ttJM*BB» iar«aS^HtailS^tor5M a auhsti-o<^ ka«M, tat » boUar tifio io^wctiMi, and tke piAIie^^Ll'.;i'.i'i'^wAP"'"T?**'*° "^'''^ delegates, representing^vith "V. %fiuwere •WjjrtwojBHiitljThe brine of tierrings is»-»iidideof/Lmericin law, (hatonlygladMjdeclared.lieves (ha( the bill will impose an onerousjf?""^" "entiment of Maryland, met yea-now pute it,gentlemen inviteshall also requestthe friend's horse, by ^ay of ahowing " atable andjr sjat. 'l^UtmBtftm- i^«'2« a^fSBPffSSF' B'-Ain was chosen President, andporteraat|(|||af^»tMiMT8t*gulatitm at rnfrt) aim* the laws of North Caro. Pos(-office alone has ;it iscustomary toreeem- nended aa a fertilizer thia would be inning aa- The Bait I«katillagetheir lands.quiteproprialyBev^AOwBHAftDiir. ^°'MT.Jnoa. O. BBIFlUjroifaj|,(aaaUblish, as a settied and acknpwl-of of increased ratesforeconomical|proposals postage, emanating most"Becliabite Hall atand control them, them to Gevemmen( have compelbeen deemedof the —anewmethod ofhad been r<i\4T''<<lHllbPiMf>* ***^ a disturbance, unseated thelegitimate Slaves,then,arenot,andcannotbe,Ignoredasa Treasury,expense {fumisliedVliSSrS «©BlWtaBnittM8appointed, when atiuoy the (hilts of their Industry asMsreward.—(heirdominion (hedominionwhichwehavepermKtedthemtoacquire. Areweprepared (o surrender (he field to (hem;'to main(ainon " made land" for (heiro provide (hem wi(h (he dainty food fheythe taxisnotable hospitality ;"'^ ** : .*'-fWWPiir fy* ^g'"!*tireCongreaiequine.iinity.^JVBUB(L'^lftwon by nawhwUntiS^iatoOUeago',oncompetent;his views to farmers in to tha r^ard^*^ >preeipiute adjoum- hooted and pursued, eeeeped with their lives.the proprietor of theand thethe —of a moraltionashali.it,the meeting to re-assem-Una regard them as property in m far forth om it itthan(•teserigarded,Inorderthatthe master may compel tlMlr obadlsnoe and labor, andpartmentthisHospi(aland pleasure-ground and preserve of gamewith nine Oaaeand dol- dnat, reached AtefaiMn, Kaiia8a,onExpieas,««^^Wednesday. It bronght no news aftn^iwt.Mm Hipatantfor a fire escapewC^il Courteoessity aad of mutoal whitesandtheblacks. It recognizes mutualfreight Legislatore, and,iii^i|IMI» for the raeepdaafor JeffetaonMarket te building a new engine for No. Si> ; in appropriating $16,000 to put a patent gas-burner on ^I the street lampa. The Committee on the of the Japanese Tiaitora was iucreaaed to aeven membera from each Board. Thb mem- «•fttriMUtan"Viw- bersproceededtoaelecttheiraeataunderthenew which brings a larger number underadvantageto theTlib W<SmIt has been the boast of British civilizationto them,rfiT'rrv.iSi:^ ThftAMrtoT III—Ml kave adoptad > rewlu-iilMh of thsJ^MNMJklteairT KCoaunitteeofaevenwasappointed to leeetre tham,' of which AldermenBmu ia Olirirman. They alao voted to appro- ofNorth Carolina is much more rational, aol Ipriatetl,MOtoporchaaeMioiti4CABViLLas conformsmuchmore to— for imp eouipaie f—(hen though (key are generally bydoctrine,the House unanimously, re-tke dfIbl noexistenee. .iiiidtheyaaateosofmanhood,andthementalcapacityter,byletter postage now charged by decision of theyear,wliile (he representatives of our ManicipalfsUdpUb MrtrlCtv* Mfflniaoftlwbyeloaedwithaspeechforonecentanounce, instead of the•'1 ^2Ftf^.?"I"*''''«*n»,the chargingof have foraaken Broadway, and style" whollynow air their mannera on horseliack in tke Ceatnl Park. In riew of the growing paasion for aquaa- trian exercise, he recommends that when cooatry-ASHarui, definingpodtionChristianitytalkingchafferingof Wis- the Democracy **" proleadoB of Anti-Slaveryhave beenrat exterminators,"theand presenceperil byuncon-portionof ourfopulatiou;nar can »e rtgvdtd in tktysupportArmy, been regardedHtetttart/orBLtC MWfcwqnantly mat in private, and enjoy the fruits of that labor. FnbUe expediency de-toboilerandowners.Ifcanwooderfulliow reaourcea theae theoretical agncnltoiiata MaIuhe piece waas welul guardaed bv;ofand It la no leas amusing to glance throngh the eel- umna of a paper and sea an editor, who actually doea not know a Hydraulic .Bam from a Boothf'k'akAhHcCIS P. «]&' rart of Districtnies to the African the right of suflirage, and indeed In no respect will put blm on aa eqaalitv with the white cltlzes, but it iott not iiprive him tf huperton- aUy, and Indeed It would seem to demand that, for purposes of revenue, more rtgari thouU b* hai t» hit ftnenahty than hit charmcttr at fumiifttd fnptrtg."all theall our churches had intoned the close of theagainstpropertyhour of delegatethefrom Alabama, Mr. American;and to appropriate »8,00l» closelyor the Seventh Beg-.lment, language of the ConsUtntion of the Uniteicamp equipage'The Boaid of Ckmoeilman passed s resolution ap- States, than the Pro-Slavery propagandis(s in„_ propriating$3,6J606fortheIronpavementpppo- (heCharlestonConvention.;arrangement,the eye of the Piesident.The Commissioners of Public Charities and Cor-IBeceptiooinhuman doctrine fliat slaves are merely cious wild animals, brutes in human shapewhoodswliich is thevermin. The Hoapital ia oreniin with them, (the vermin, not theDoctora,) and repeated efforts tothem have beendaatroy unaueceaafid.—and theirwhich all and con- poor, the sick, (he weak, (he helpless, the refleotingmunicipal affairs.When New-ToAworking party ncUneiy, nofinupon ^ PoliceCaptainaforbiddingthemto allowanyPo- shouldconcur.quenceis. Finally, bill on iteJtmtkn, q[alt« aa important to the adrertiaera aaOBMtfW, tohare that hoar the lateat for the lice Juatice, Alderman orjuat, self-defence if lie does net 4* ns^to be cleaned. An ordei haato act offi- cially in the diffisrent Station-houses under their^{ New-Tork Central, Hiaaouria,83|percent Moneykeepseasy. firm in rates, but not much yet done forAFlour and Com. The latter waa dearer. An ac-tive buaineaa waa transacted in Wheat, which was on the advance. The movements ia Provlaions.Bice, Coffee, Teas, Hides, Leather, Metals, Navalso,thiseither for aiding (heir passage, or for re-cent, of the previoua decline ;tained by our contemporary, the Cearrssr imEtaU-Vmt. Thia" oft organ19iExchange Saturday's mail.possibili-fromweassured (heappointed by the Comp(roller to (he charge of this grea(Departmen(of our civilized munici-;portrayingCotton waa quiet.fairinquiryprevailed for judiciousStores, Oils and Tallow were restricted. Sugars, •ALLKST—Bxanmos or FAianHoa. Molasses and Whisky were pretty freely pur-(he Convention can berecognize it, the ma(ter, before forcing ourselves to con- saying that New-York City is the fotmtain- Cotirrier ies Etats-Umt, after paaringAUBBfTOr DmGN—Xzmnfioa or Funraoa. 'Tlie Teame of SlaTery*tation has been (hat it silences all open discus- tions of the 8e(tied Soutitem sentimen(, we Tork, and in that one of our hospitals which is schemesstreet haal>ecomea i«• Paanatfl.mrWS OF THE DAY.family at Chaxleaton has fallen into i^oly diacord, the Platform being the appa- /bKorablosourceofdistraction. TheSouth-tifatoptlriTn. encoaraged by outside influencea;recognixed politicalOAUaaT chaaed. The Freight engagementa were mod- erate.If we are toaccept the representations of (he delegates That duty can be no longer deferred. It is now quarters. The reason for this ia the fact that startling and incalculable than the npa aad doww who are acting under (he. command of (he established, beyond a peradventure, (ha( In one our City Government involves the largest ex- of individual life, has now '"-*-'1.-il itafjfin a mmrevil involved in its compnisory abolition. When Slavery became a theme for Federal dis-— itare watching (he progress of affairs a( Charles- (on with impartial and disinterested eyes, will do well to remember (ha( (he inten8i(y withelers whose adventurous courage had carried them into the wastes of the African desert, or (he tangled morasses of Australia.immigration.954,000—the value not taxed U 1231,194,275;revise (he S(ate Constitudon, and (o reestab- lish an ad valorem sys(em of State taxation,Let fidelity to the them recollect themselves ; let (hem con(roIis just to say that well-proportioned boilers, of the at St. Louia. One of Carstang-Shaw case,good material, fairly used, never blow up. But them is said to have t>een so indiscreet aa. to aay,has issued a very elaborate and a very ableWe wnaldyiMlMJiritT Bib foranewtrial,vtSeaBthneoFfbeiaddress in opposition (o (his project. They re-aymriUginqwaflgKt^ Heavep, fifd?8Mt»^A ^., . -vslaves npon any such footing, and in the course of their argument they present the following interesting and important statement of theat''Hi two meaaareaa(»Uentical.of former ulth'Wf'' the evideat seeeeai^ ttem^ guaga laipnted to tbem. the dl^vtalsSlaveryin the SouthernStates:cen( reduction of pos(age toonecen( for la^Hbnr jSlliliiiiJftrrTBtellsthetralh. Bwrtslave population can be jusiKed upon principle. Thefoundation upon which Slavery rests in North Caro-lina, and In the whole South, is, tliat we find amongstour population a class of persons having the strengthaad isMr. N. P. Wnua htnMagistrate,shelter of our as corporate charity, at least-^ ,rectiona liave inveatlgated the case of the new- necessary admits that iiieany in-bom infant of Mabt wtiich waa CoHan,implicatiott,rights to thelftijgoldo.^'"'^'V}'fexaminedninety^itawlliieaiiii,the ention^theCharles(onConventionanfl-ttte portionsof(hecountry.And(liisdeficKhascon- untome?"defence. Hebroached StA.* v^**""* ''»* no motive to kill hia wife i' iSSJrtw^ '>I uumnZ. a^tJ^the^Government to the Governor of sold te YiifinU,LiS'^-"taSmSZSIirv^ «»,maynotbe clear (hat the Foe(-officeought'^"^ eiiealated ;^- '^«. .•"»' glad to endeon- her'=A2»)iiMltmfelQjiiftr^ee that the Federal Gbv-OTHVtent most prt>tect it in the Territory on the high seta, in the seyenl Statea, and every-^at which the atOhftrleston (o'Ladlvidoala as the courts and other branches Convention are aiming in tiiefa' .nwMniveea'.fbr /pC Qpv^ment'now ««. 3ut there certain-a platform. They conqnr wfi^.J^j^^^JpOFJUiiB; -^'caA''be no doubt thi^ J^ ^TheMiUon aaFk>a8,"try George MDitM. iaout Bntit does not attract ooe-teath part of the attentiai whi^ ia given to the forthcomiagMmHeath," by-^The DafBcok is enumerating I^"''^hi..iswe could wish it tobe*^P**'TM'« to tho«e he.ca^pei^erstolerably impndent, bat is a great but are our laws to be made for such lanaUoa—of consU(uUonalof everybody everywhere. The fate of theirstifled theperjust It places the institution npon grounds ofJ| r'duties, mutual and obligationsconcessions (o (he angry and ra(her irrational exigencies of excited Southern feel-Thedefinitionwhich Slavery is sensible and|"IbeBoAloMipn—M*»>>OOfetNew-mutualrespon-sibilities. It discards utterly the low, brutal, for near a thousand years, that all fero-This,understand it, is the drift of ite comments thebiU,property,—and tkat their masterswith themty. It recognizes their personality,may precisely Iw witk my other proper-as illustrated at theno special objection to it We have neverasked or expected that Buffalo would feel"pity" for New-York, or take terest in the management or—ItVictorious, far more important to his people than any of Ills blood-stained foreign laurels,The bill ia not in 1sure, and this i» llr ^, wtiich must be invslvnd In a^gr law on tills subject Whentand it is onebeen issued to siderate men, in all sections of the country, mother in her travail, and the new-bom babethe Governor Buffalo, however, liad no interest whatever merits,This declaration of the Democratic Com-charge. ndttee of North CaroUna is important, as an safe from savage beasto of prey as if their lot the Pro Rata freight bill.the fnalaiiia he ak-oftboiiiMtieea.atatUaBrealBS' aXJXBBtt or HVnC-lLTMTAMaa.jf^Stn•ABOXV—Karii,AioaiiaauaaX«nKniiM werereceivedsscandidateaforlicenaure,andAl- fare razD T. Watibbuet imd G. W. Paiiui were li-of common humanity, itsOmUUnOHlL AKT IMSTITUTIOK—EZBBinoR One of the worst effects of the Abolition agi- ultra Southern leaders as the infallible indica- of (he principal Hospi(als of (he City of New- penditure of money, and (ha( we have more and handaome building of ita own at Ha.n WalhHbtCUMIrCnHCr—ira.96»-WBm>CK'iT»a •momr,tance,andby spectators.intolerabledisgust very considerable streams flow from other and downa of newapaper, which an vastly ^mosionofSlaveryintheSlaveStates. Bymen- acing the commnnities in which Slavery exists with the peril of invasion and insurrection from without, it compels all men of all shades of opinion io combine for the common defence, and to suppress all debate about the evils ofever4asy]daily edition, a weekly edition, an edUoD for Cal- either found or recognized. In that case, we solemn and affecting form of human suffering, will gather (he vultures. When any great cor- fomia and an eidition for Europe. SOck a camrto Kr. lioDeLAS, insist upon the inaertion• danaa approring of Congressional interren- the system, in order to avoid the still greaterother too remote and too consequencesimpor- perilscipledwhether they coine from Buffalo or New-York.—The worat fea(ure of the case is, no( theIK far the protectian of slaTeboldeis in the Ter- Tbe ConTention was wholly occupied fMtaiday in listening to propositions of this ten--imcj, ouleT arery form of modificationhaia ftOB PeonsyWania and Bhode Island pre-and all—the German journals upon the perpetoal iniax afmus( believe (hat itcannotandwillnotbespeciallyconsecrated to thereliefof(hemos(of the State.Wherever the carcaseis,(herecussion,—an element"fKMK tke pen of Mr. Slidku., of Louisiana. Mem- Slavery Party coold exist in a Southern State of slaves as mere downright 4>roper(y, mother of mankind, (akes refuge, in (he mo- ficking scoimdrels out of the halls of legisla- been based partiy on the enterprise with whiA haof nationalthe most ceased inevitaUy to be canvassed and criti- ^ynfjlrti and extreme emanating, it is understood, cized within the States themselves. No Anti-Francethan 10,000 persons per year, and the |circulation has been in the Levi*. pushed Canadaa,butiaaIthePlatform. ThatCommitteehasthusfar personalaia aaid to exist among the members as traitor ;—incurringsuspicionforeigninto a mean and powerless obscurity for theof American cities. She is rest of (heir lives. The' a greater measure upon tlie increaaing cultivatiDKany other property, is seriously aggravated by all^ aa piodnced were referred to the Committee man who sympathizes with the opinions and (be hostility of (hese captains to (he andpeople can apidy of tke inhaUtanta of New-York, and upoa thaand any Southernwho, daringdates. This factis so well understood atpolitics,Iiann done to one section or ano(her by suchwtiich (he captains of (he Southern host gTea(A woman, no richer in (his world's poor—bu( (he fact (ha( (he con-of this small numtier received in Amaika has I almost nominaL The auccess of tlie C«arriiranything Irat years of famine to the enterpitoa — KiseellaaeoBs.adeclares that she suffered unheard-ofliardsbipe, that her pareiitage was concealed, and that tha existence of a decided Sou(hern un- hire, forgefting her pain for joy (hat a man amid bricks and splinters, some fine morning, only name she ever had was Lizzn. Hsviog loud in their declaration, that il Squatter Sovef- while the aggregate amount of all (he other der-tow in (he direction of a practicable pol- child is bora into (he world, bu( stope- as lias happened (o quite (oo many of our citi- been ccHnpelled to take ihe wUte veil, the tiiaa balmof zenswithin(hepas(fewmonths,hewould was whenthefinalvgwawaretobapoatponed. Atthecloseoftheproceedingayes.oeport progreaa this morning at 10 o'clock waa subject of taxation is one of tfaem. In Vir- bama, may take place from (he Convention, morning comes—^how slowly, (hose who have but still awaite (he signatiire of (he Governor..adopted. The excitement is intense. All man- ginia, for example, a very large proportion ofmore Christianly And singularly enough, i( is feared—i( is byoar of aaaertioBS and speculations obtainover three-fourths of of the State escapesmany even l>elieved, that the Governor willHe thinks the biU has nothaadaome damsel cf seventeen, is creating a sensation in Clevelaad. She tells a long story of convent life in Montreal,— the slaves are untaxedwithou( at allen(allingpainAn escs^ied nun,slaves as wellduring the trial, that plaintiff's counsel mightcon.steamis'(he hideous invaders once, for then every man will look out for him-thatfigure. Hefiirtherdiscovers(he secession from (he watohed on beds ofpar(y of those States (hemselves in (he cared for, can perhaps faintiy imagine. TheGov- subsequent tion. APresidentialelec-physicians re(um, journalistpenWe commend this paragraph (o (he consid- pense of the service in more sparsely settieddid it unto the least ofbrirasfcneifhesawadimson(hefurther Ata —ffroperty ;—and to draw thierefromwhere else.Pit>-8Iavei7 mflnljralstpM Ofstores. of (he dry-goods Manyhere would think the tax onerous, ex- cept thoae wiw know thst tbeir boilers would not be allowed to worit at all, aad so inaaaiBlyslkvesCommissionto crowded parte of Brcadway, of Uie bales, the state of their property, and to pay-Government,placedicy, by offering a resolution asserting (he du(y "of Congress (o afford all legal protection towithcomfort had been brought feeble and list-approaching"Datib and Pdbasdo Wood. As there is no like- 560,907. If Slaves were taxed as ether pro- slave proper(y in the Territories and on the less," the medical Mentor calmly assures us notorious and terrible .fact that steam-boilers perpetual^seclusion, she fled—finding her way tolihood of this being done, and as Mr. Douglas liaa required his friends to insist upon the inser- itiaaofthe doctrine in question, the secession may— despotism,"- )mlepaded'ascertain. AtWashingtonlasteven-iW '^^ impression had gained ground that theConveotkmwouldbeobligedtodisperse withoutnominadng. The friends of Ur. Dovolas, on the very few or none, have long felt (he injusticearistocratic tyranny,free, glorious,week or she two,other tiand, are confident of his nomination, and «aie nothing for the threatened scliism.The Senate held a brief session yesterday, re- ceiving several Executive commanications, andThe same thing is (rue In Nor(h Carolina. the Htrase, Mr. Smitb, of Virginia, called Mr. It is proposed to hold a Convention in order toBiVQBAif, of Ohio, to account for expressions<9siespectful to Virginia, used by the latterin debate. Mr. Bikobak promptly disavowed anyintentional diarespect, but pronounced himself in which all kinds of proper(yTheyfound, (oo, onhe is a victim of £>ls«but half incUasdmore to the support of the Government than (hey do a(; this fortunate babe, bom underno cmshing weigh( ofin every stage ofdepreciation, under {heand thence to ahs be- Cleveland, wberewould contributepresent. Now,' nearly all the slaves of Vir-per(y, (hey$924,789seas." This resolution, which be and her child migh(charge reckless of rawlaborers,insituationswhereanaccident"would tear down boiidings and murder inno-cents in the most wholesale fashion, do, thisBuffalo,came an inmate of the house of annm. After remaining in her new for aare held in (he eastern section, and the inhabi(an(8 of the western portion, who have"disappeared mysteriouslyginiaof (his exemption, and would be in open re-certainlygramme upon —ried into power that it will bear a muchlarger variety of interpretations than (hat ven-" of while at (he erable scheme fal(h," sametime i( will doubtiess be far more emphatic in phraseology, and more imposing in its superfi-of the cities of New-York and Brooklyn.unwillingbellion litionismit, but by the pressure of Abo- from the Norfltem States.—ing cfpretences,romance.highofferedat Charleston, may perhaps prefigure the realno " effeteof the mostignorant,careless andBaptist claigy- quartersandpasseda(Chicagoas well ashavethis advan(age over the pro- theWesternContinentforitsestate which Mr. Bcchahak was car-cial aspecirights(he Democracy, and with (ha( fate the tone of (hey, and all of us, we and no others, are re .the bill now in the Govemor's hands is intend-ed and needed to make all other iMilers im-possible. His BxeeUency. we i'orflier kear, thtac;" na^(t<4Mi«ilftBrSiKt^aoUldisgust just long enoughthe coining contest for (he Presidency,^ rests sponsible for ttiis thing witliout a name re-\CoLPAx in Congress, to allow all printed to^'- wolvesISbsse fob the Post DxpAaiMEST.ftr the more imperative. Ihe pabUe canjienerally deteet and remedy the^ nnsafe these paitiaater* delivered{iMttisridebmalccstt prolific petty^patanaconclusion about it till it forms ite own con-to^Mobound books as well aspamphlets, to pass 'and debated upon year afterand that clusion,up.preserving public safetyin (he «i« city where theynqitoecanformno theother,mailed, and the more recent proposition of Iff.a wan«a of tlMsethat tlte matter has been discussed'«men" of NeW-Tork, aad finds thatstylishin theynumberthreehundredorso;possiblylesstbaahitherto prevailed. Whil* the Judicial and Executive Dcpartmente of (he Federalself, and a war on unsafe boilers could be in-be (be supported byboxes,casesandpackagesl>eIonging'(o(he thefiMs,Itoweverlarge. Webelievethatnoand Thlsla tke^olijMt Uie service of the public as free of expensesourceswhich has alsooftaxfkctsthan the cost of (be hydraulic test, to whichnew boil- ers, and that it will be found of the greatesttn aaires i» that rfaves shrit be'flSlMedTMT' naaix io commetointntercburBe, and the and clerks WarUng the'm.boxes penseclass is doubtiean hugw'--- in a baUooo neixt»tBeB»*—^w^and one of vast' treated precisely like horses, mules and hogs, difRiBion of general iofomation anofboilers.to (he (he en-(he as a De- that should be made to furnish its own entire support, and if possible yield an additionalrevenueto(heGeneralGovernment Though tiie income from (he mail service a( (he North is more (han sufficien( for i(s own siippor(, (he surplus which it yields is notto make tiieNational department equal to the whole ex-aa mackenoughaggregaterevenue of theWithdid it ;kee, who would jump across (he lake of year's hen in hatching and raising a brood.disappeared from the Idngdom.Here in New-(han Eve when she became (he earlies(men( of her extreme anguish, imder (he shel- tering benevolence of (he weal(hies(, freestproudestI unable to complete its report. Serious dif- sentiments of the enemy is set down as a mo8( conspicuous of the Democratic candi- oared for, after (he fashion of Republican remedy for (he evil if (hey choose to do it It dignity, propriety and atnlity vrith wliich the Caar-—Christianity, by the physicians whom the City is only because (hey will not do so, because rier has been almoat uniformly managed. W«their absolute demand for ato be protected always and everywhere likeand wra(h does nothaspressrecognition goodstemptscourgemanT te Oe T«Rit(»ial question, and it is even stated the Abolition excitements of the day, takes Charleston (hat i( can hardly fail (o have i(s constitutes ite almoners of mercy. She is re- they seem indifferent to the character and con- doubt whether London could ottet to any French'V,< . *''' 'tTT'-m^Uj la lepreaented to tie favorable to a reso- If the Soctben States were open to the dis- " pure and simple," the seekers after place chances of the night. Other poor crea(ures to override all their moral instincts, that the have given to the Courrier; and we wiah wawill be and th^ se- Anti-Slavery groimd at home, is in peril of a effect (he deliberations of (he Conven- lieved from her immediate presented, uponand (hen duct of theirleettoB from them be left to the ConTention. A similar fate. tion. And should the partisans of power, is Ief(, wi(hout wateh or ward, to await (he they allow partisanship and caucus dictation patronage as the educated claaaea of New-Tarikand indaaea U to be the duty of the Government to pro- differences of opinion at home, and lead to cratic as in (he Republican ranks, event-sentimentin (he Sou(h as in (he North,(be Demo- roomv to the number of (wen(y. The nightSteam Boiler laspection.ofand of public action. Even as things now are, vicfory rather than to the assertion of mothers, lulled by all (he appliances of theprotectvery importtuit changesthese topics make themselves visible now andually make up (heir minds (o the hope of as over (he (housands of prosperoussecession,general or partial, ^of certain delegations, such of love in hundreds of iiappier homes, wi(hin explosions, passedquite possibleitetday, areaoluti(» requiring the Committee to consideration of the impendiag peril. The as those of Louisiana, Mississippi and Ala- easy preach of their '^crowded cell. The eeived only one dissenting vote in the Senate, wliich he controla.fiedsufferings,found on Sunday night, afterbells of"they have full possession ">stantiytheMoreover, Governor be-a friend to vi^ Citythem, theyorITew-Toib.in theas theExpress mannerofdeal alone excepted, have been thoroughly exter- upon our remarks npon Legislative corruptioninfinitelyIiare bound to labor for their masters,masters are Iwund in return to " care for themfrom the cradle to the grave." This is pre- ence and republican self-govenmient it might caah per vote, we cannot expect either the filling ite own vacaaeiee.cisely the light in which the system is re- have been supposed by any enthusiastic be- membera or the people of other sections to and another come vf, itis to beAnradi garded by the Constitution of the United States, liever in the progress of tke race, tliat the concern themaelves much about the conse- this excellent feature oiay beTork, after eighty years of national independ- and sU(nea(8,shamelesslyin its innocence, could repose under thein our City BaUroads,—whereas New-York had a very clear and distinct interest agaiar.tlarbills inin wliich we have all mayand run the riskThe Presbytery of New-Tork yesterday received indication of the ground vrfalch, we do not bad been cast in mediaeval Europe. The re- enactment mainly because we deemed it un- tions wtiich the present measoie stoUs.cenaed to preacli.The war in the Church of the Puritana was con-tinued laat evening. Dr. Chbstxb continuing hisThe Sontk at Charlestoa.effectbe injurioiu. Buffalo favored it because she ex-defence of the Englishagency, andpectedjustAlras-aeekln^ opponents replymg.DemocraticPlatform, '^tiiis way and that inclining its swift mind," is discussing the extreme pointat which a reasonable regardtwo or three of huThe Stock market yeaterday recoveredstance ofthis well-deserved aad iisiupon subject Bu( in re- triumph than the prosperity which has beaa il---doabt, wonld be almost nniversaily taken inport which appears in our columns to day, un- licCtiaritiesandCorrection,uponthehideonsin partlyprinciple and unsound in policy,andupon Slavery kept npattheKorth.of Mabt Comkxx and her child at the Bellevue Hospital, wlilch yesterday stertied nie critical conflict is now waging in the the mo8( apa(hetic of New-York readers by its(riealaglilMlslj waa hfcamp.unltappiiy,The heart sickens and the mind revoltskM nfThe Committee on the loathsome horrors, proves, most that such is not the caae.almos( refuses to write.Petliapsif flyingExcellency—aand torn and ghastly mass of tender bleed-very day, literally pervade the very foundationsrepresentativesout their con-She has no interest in fasten- energetic Commissioners, newly ing odious and oppressive monopolies uponpopulations"(hem thewhether, being found, a working majori(yof pal organization, could not delay to take upon The Express is doubtiess partially right in small upper chamber at No. 66 WaBing.Whether thatpointcan befound,andinduced(oare questions not (o be settled a( (his dis- frott(, in the public interest, and in the name head of legislative corraption,—^though some eleven ctiangea of reaidaace aad all the nsoal noandthedefence-Convention, and wi(h it (he final dismptien lessness of new-bom infancy are left exposed, the enac(men( of a law wtiich will confer great whatever, l>ut it ia doubly remaritabis in ite eaaoof(hewhole theEanctitiesofand disarray of (he Democratic Party, with and have for years past been left exposed, toavolcanicwouldadventurers who obtain seate in the great maaa efAmericana, and net mfperted Vkmexplosionporation,any wealthy individual, desiresand terrors such as we might expect totan( to be dwelt upon here. But those who read of and to shudder at, in the tales of trav- Legislature will make them pay for it,joicing over it.ourthirty-two years ago thebe(niy(heirWe— also because we shared the universal conviction of our business community, that itsin her actiongard to our Ci(y Railroads she had no such ex-cusejeete to,of many raaljustTke nieworah^ofsnooeaeistiiewontofUoin-but honorable aneceaa,tact, industry aad atdlity hoaeatty oaactei, falh-deaervea the coirlial reeognitlaa wbidilt to I biy aure to receive. And we hlMifcito derive benefit from it. She wasas selfish aa New-York, and probably no moreor inder our citizens pennanentiy and at discretion.City,givingpower to plun-legislation,involving money(han o(herportionsin the land, and iasnea from itagnawedflestt de8(royed ou( of the semblance underlie our sidewalks and hiss in (he cellars to the opinion that the story iif the nan waa noaoof humanity by (he most repulsive of vermin—lofty buildings;theyare to beother —than ahugeCi(yliave beenour readers sicken and grow pale at We do not say that they are all unsafe. It tliree Jurors who sat throngh the second trial Of;and blows method of— If a reasonable and the '—Well ^being masters, (hey have assertedowners ofChristian Sabbath, and the passing consecrated, for now eighteen hundred years, to the worship of Him who said, Inasmuchof thettiey gunpowder magazines ;Down, giving(ha^ —talk allday,but cooldatof tm^mi^Mm aay-ofthisand manufacturers stitutional," we had better have anarchy atparkasmallscale. Itishourson (he are, thatThe greatergenerallysubject—beingrely regular inspection, they need liave no fears as to the safety of their persons and property. Some of them have no coin (he dollars ou( of (heir bu( (hese economisteadvantageprolificfears as now,as yeEuctniBXBiKO TBx SiDEWALxs.—One of (he associations for (he prevention of trailer ex- when a sobaltera in the service of tite Coloeialthese, ye ^^^^^^^^^^^autographlettersfaiLondoathere are.very regions which conduce in (he smallest de- would do well to turn ite a(tention is (he clear- to avail themselves of the chance of £16 IDs. The signatuiea of rebels grow valnaUa'iireqnenUy from economiste representing (be things to which the new Policetooplosions. Peoplegree 'to the support of the department It ance of (he sidewalks, particulariy in (he more thorough aad regular information as to with age.adjoiningdealers have been long in (he habi( of usingperaonaon theHeanan and Sayera.his recent declaration, that aft Ifa 'fapjttgr'j.or any other kind of proper(y :—they ask sim- abaoliitely easential bndmaidea of (he Press, nuisance. It causes aerioos inconvonience to of selfishness? If the public imev the real b it Wise ?Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069grea( pabUe\«eed,pededbynajUng TheIJBfi^practice not than fiwottttt^ cr^lUntitled Document;indeed,simply(^^a^^^^JI^Iopposed thatahjua—and becauseHisover the housestheyreallyofare of (he school of Wkndxi.1. Phillips' Yan- a Spring chicken might attempt to instnet a laat;-An aeroraut «.nounoes croaaing the AtlanticmoveAway ftum ttniriMU^. iIwtterBoard ofCommiasionen la a cJoan'Cornier den XUta-ITBU.has now aeen a readers grow ap under itswhole anapieaa.a we^y joaraal,wkh |^ strictly literary world, and poUkhed k •s<iert. «Vrasapecial hope of in«ltlng jtg ^,fj fj^a vaatIn the courae of the laatdecade the emigration from has not avaaagediat twi- light, and has not since been seen. The Bev. gea- tlemsn who received her is reported to be in a dubiousfr.meof mind; to admit thatin the Hoa. It fotgeta to mentionit callscyphersChariestoB^nv"- that the principalpisxladitlnoailt1aot www.fultonhistory.com 