 tempt will b? male I am certain. I cannot fore country. Mr. Toombs is sad has been for disunion. THE «OWllNG STRUGGLE tell the end, but! hold resolition and civil war to That i e is in earnest there is no reason to doubt,. _and advocacy of Linooah would be a cracl blow at tha " t « »be repuMscana in I860 entered too vigorously tpm te*re£ts of his constituents. It will be a moatniul day " " campaign too loeg anterior to the cle-tien farTit Vatf,theTalk,theHopesand tue Effort* tf Hew York, New Jew? andPennayWania.^a greatly excited last evaatag, the\Mr. Toombs iMbound for a split if it can possi-blybe obtained,and deserves tho merit of sin up under anything. The cry that has beau ra'sedt vuil the Soatk De if LiDCOln by the disnnionists, is a Union man.were wounded, and the Union men were driven from•e Elected! NState was led some time since to say that he touieftiiig liWrvim witk S«ail«i Tooiabi (Breckinridge) would probably be the first man4test—Osar Albany, Bye, Burlington andrbUadelpbla Carregpsudenee,1tranquillity of formsr days, ask themselves if such repose usages and ruka of the party. True, there may be somaaid tie Hon. ilex. H. Ktp'.eis.the d.f unionists would have to hang.A SABBATH MOBNTNG BIBS THBOCOH HI8 FLASTA- TIOK—HIS VTHBTABD, STC.Beside his home residence in Crawfordville, whkh covers about thirty acres of land, includ- ing a fine peach and apple orchard, a garden injKetchum, Richard Lathe's, Hon. James Boy t aad GeorgeWoodward. Their remarks were brim full of cheering, pesos sad prosperity under the joke of « t»*ni—mat Everett party is to consolidate the noa-repu%;,esa voteand received a noble and heartfelt response. I think you may set down the old and wealthy tawn of Bye as sore for tha Union ticket in November nextWn|^Bwrwwfeat sectionalism and negro equality, we give the follow- mfies distant, embracing some cfeven hundred oompaas the control of Ct«igreisionr j M they saw do of ing figures :—of t h e > « w BcfBld.York anddiedthere,amdthepropertyfallingintoether last ICoogTeesSonal election "to giro the old man asondent inquired the direction to the re-idence of She Hon. Alexander 11.'Stephens, the 'jest beloved pontiertan ia the State of tleorgia. Walking to the •oroer of a *treet, a «hort distance from the inn,iaiOT'iiAAt policed In a northerly direction, i?nd•aid. •There is Mr Stepb- aa' h«:s<\ where thatFrom the foregoing it Is evident that while the straight democratic vote cast for Church increased 81,406, the straight republican vote decreased 24.863; aad although Fillmore bad 124,604, yet only about 26,000 Americansbowse. ! pon a eapaciou* pjreh ia front of the swelling, a fine hcund dog bayeddistan e of five and ten miles to worship there. Tiey are both white and black. ChrM's blood has sprinkled them all alike in the South, <o far as I have aeen. There are a number to be baptise J,q u i e t l y , K e l l y s h a l l b e e l e o t c d G o v e r n o r . N'ettn^r W«.ed nor Greeley like Morgan, and he was ditpjsert of without much bargaining. Gov. Morgana warfare on the CtDtial laat winter, in endeavoring to procure the passage of ibe Toll and Pro Rata bills, has procured for him ttve m-ft bitter enmity of that concern, and unw th-jy are going to bave ttifcir rerergo. Republicans and demojrata tnt«'re«ted in tbe fat pickings o! the road are ajtrosd OB tbi», lor with ihem, when tbero is any ctashicg b!t»reon tbo iniejpitof the road and jviliuoal falib, thaf readily ignore tht latter ai>d stand by tbe road.la addition Dean swears (you know be seldom does that) tbut Kelly ia a damned goo.i friend to the Cenval, wad of lailroads in g<-ntral. Tbe voters of the vattey of thedeep n»o. thel warning thatapproaching; t-.it rriea olnstranger "Down,wan pup."•• Be «tuiet, pup' ' qoieted the ikg, and we enteredWhat a confidence of success ta the former statement,and bow much of dubious hesitation ta tbe latter? Tbefact is, that both wings of the democracy, and at leastnine tenths of the Bell and Everett men, are enthusiasti-cally for any course which will tend to beat the rail-eplit-ttr and hie higher law surrouclings; and they know fullwell tbat tbe true way to compass the desired result is to do all tbe<e things, aad a President waa ousted for espa v Jte for Foster in the important election whieh la to fore- irg them, what may not be obtained from congnssferMr. Srsrssus—I know that, and it ia, which the pomegranites are now bursting with | me? e*f a Dissolution • • their luscious sweets, and fig trees overshadow the \WHAT 16 THK FB03TBCT IN TBB STATS? TO IBB EDITOR Of TBB XBW YORK HERALD.long obstructed waters of a river, the gushing streams ofDautotwaJ w-i«lili sweep• a.nll hbe*ttomre them. A «very few in embarraasmj posiliem; for, although atr B may de- J M s r s a n say they will vote a straight tleket,-but«aey sire tbe defeat of the republican eaud date, it is no easythe I nion,^BW"**sej4 flood of MgM ia thrown upon turrv mdiog events by btoam.Mr. Stephens has a plantation about two your timely «p"*e of the plan of tho V antral Ratlraad totbe conservative masses of tbe State of Mew York can de-Doutlas. For such a ticket not one-tenth of the Douglas <f tbe first battle. And j e t the certainty t u t If fuller men would vote, and the result would beajnortifyingMPOtl ion ol weakness and a fatal blow at Douglas him- tnd Brodbesd both remain in tin canvass, bo;h wili be T Besides, if these suaights sbould throw fcfcja defeated aad Morris elected, will, BO doubt,suggest s into the clutches of Lncoln, what would be their fate plan whereby the BOO republican vot» may be cast mod hereafter ? What are principles when country Is dautroy-m n i s OP m I L E X . I . s w i mWhole number of vote* cast in 1866, Presidential electieo,6S«,d0» ed ? New Jersey, New York aad l ^ J j « * » » • * * ** for ore candidate. Mr. Biodhead, having readered bint.fli-m with Weed and the Trtaturer <fliuB0 paUimn &aU ground, and rawesofthe finest varieties are ia full (Xmmtit**: Lincoln and KtUy on the B*gi ^ncy's Slate, etc.To assure our frieala that with a united determination w W ao such thtog if they he reSlv the nrienda of matter for a po'itieal debutant to retire before tbe shookpitaJ'tJ*'- of the mansion. down a hill a one horse vehicle was driven towardmuut viaw of aos. A.H.-TBTHSKS OS rotincAL us. "Well,squire,Iknewyou, butIdidn't knowri'pHon of lot Watiw—Hm. J. II. Rej/noiitt rfe , Ac.Politiciansarebeglnning'toreal.zethatthereisapivir volethus:—above tbem—that powerwhich resideswithHepeople Majority—Conservativevoteinreserveft ^ m^ouiitry is now naled by demagofnea; the race ofttesmen and paUiots has run oat; politic* y the•cerity.His noo-Sa-iuw,Mr. Dn Boae, ofAugusta,against a large numSer of members of the laat Let tU.- lore hat piaoed thesuaU ou the defoastve under in iint «Kot aa corruptionkiui. Not all or them, uimurht bs souposed, are content to lay down without an attempt to ymdlcete themselves. Cesser,aently not a few at the al-WHO* BKFKABSANOPRKWCTSAS ATTK34FTAT who that man was.'' Did he not take the aat large. Therefore the recent protracted but anally ncceaaful movements looking to a union of the mass's g a i n s t t b e s e c t i o n a l i s t s , V o r t h a n d S o ; t l i ' w h i l e t h e y c o n -quer and ovcralangh the Richmond and Cagger R?geucy. They at the same time amaze and confound the Weed Re- gency and the whole train ot corruptionista. KichmondU s s Breckinridge ticketLeavingD e d u c t f r o m n a t i o n a l v o t e 1 0 0 0 0 , a n d a a d t o L i ncoin, making .'03000 SO 00063,000 20,000 43,000is.cas. ios ANDaavOLCTrys IFLIKCOLN ISti.fA = •:>>..squire for a manr He was a butcher, and Mr. S «-Bell and Everett nominees tbe Dorgtaa men havingbad •oiitiol of tbe Democratic City Oocvei-tton, p^t DourU* m e n OB t h e t i c k e t , t w o o f w h o m a r e o b n o x i o u s t o t n . eAJii.Cjgh laboring i.ader a severe attack of a w - phens ordered a beef to be slaughtered and carried raigia In ihe head, Mr. Stephens at once engaged to his house for the uses of "Liberty Hail.''aa eonv<r«ation, and plunged into the subject of I he conversation during the ride was interesting the dangers that sow imperil the Union. and to me instructive, as it opened a new volumecident to seen an eventuality an ibe triumph of blackrepublicanism Ab'.e speakers have set before them then v . c - i r i s i n j u s t i c e o f t b e a n t ; e a t e r y d . g m a e , a sexpounded by Seward, Lincoln, Greedy -' wL, and mends of Breckinridge and Lore With these two ax- tbe miserab e atet:action of E, .att r sover Ignty and . barge d for two of the beII and Evt-'ett nominees, toe j-JtatappeartothinklightlyofwhatissaidattheSouth,aad to treat with contempt the protests the South-o n e r s make against the continual warfare the abo-HuonistF arc making upon their social hr:tituti m. blackberry jam of its rider. In the course of theIhey do not know what slavery i^, and are igno- conversation Mr. Stephens reiterated his apprehen- raat of its drst principle^. At the aame time the -ions for the future of the country -said that the pro-slavery sentiment is increasing in strength. I leaders did n^t know what volcanos were rumblingaalievc that uinety per cent of the republicans of She North itre as pro-slavery La their opinions now aa ninety per cent of Southern slaveholders wei o Shirty years ago. The popularity of slavery ha, ia- cteased and not diminished within that time; and ao lax as the permanence of the institution is con- oaraed, I Lave no objection that Mr. Seward's •Lr- T«pre**ible conflict' doctrine should be put to the Saat, lor I believe it would end in the triumph of slavery.M Mr. S. recapitulated the history of aati- alavery movements from Wilberforce down, said the aenumentof the English people, in consequence of the failure of emaacipation in Jamak-a to pro-daoe the anticipated hearficial results to the black race, was having a pro-slavery tendency, aad that ihe London Time* had akca'Iy taken aa attitude in taat direction. No government has auceesafi i!y proposed a-substitutc for African slave labor. The apprenticeship system has been tried and failed. The coolie system has bees tried and failed, end African slavery coatisues to fourbh. He remark- e d that the deductions of the abolitionists from theirauadpoints were correct, bet that their stand points were wrong and erroneous.beneath them-and, pointing to a large oak whose upper branche-; were decayed, said that, like t'uo-% branches, the leaders in the country had become corrupt and rotten, and that the insidious poison was fast hastening to tho trunk—the masses of the country.During the ride through his plantation Mr. Stephens pointed oat his vineyard, comprising four acres of land. The vines are of the Catawba variety, in healthful condition, and next year will produce, Mr. S. calculates, about a thousand gal- lons of wine. He.has also near his residence about an acre of land, in which he has planted what he intends shall be a model vineyard, and from its tine situation, the thriftiness of the first year's growth, and other significant reasons, there is no doubt his expectations will be realized. Mr. 9. devotes considerable of his time to his plantation, and a day or two since might have beenseen sowing rye in one of his fields. He has introduced the practice of sub-soil plowing in his cotton and c o m fields with great advantage, and the system is being adopted by the planters generally in the neigbborhool.a VISIT FROM SENATOR TOOKB"—WHAT IS RKSFFC TASMC TOSASON?to be hading finely. Not a night b-i is mado hideous trade, with a dowuwari tendency in pri<«*. Sinse of and discordant with tbe rumbling of drcras and the g are tbe furnace owners o the 8tate have bee. "cirryiaf/'of torches. Ibere arc no less ihao six disttaet clubs, or- tbe 5-etai product of their tnrnaoes, by borrow ng sooeeyganized d ia miiu.cn-, constantly parading ;bo cobble up* n cords i f pig since !»st fall, under an «xpc:ui-* c: stone 6 of tbe c:: v. These men atlect to b? "soldiers on the a moc ificatioc of tbe tar T What wilt be done by thenSide of freedom'' ef a verity, and It is disgusting to hear nnally, aires, Instead of going np abroad, pig metal aihem prating, in the language ef Hickman, about the $ >irg aown. remains 11 be seen Several fail .res of: ran- ease with which thousands of freeman can and wilt put masters have recently occurred ta E«gl md a i l SJUI*down a "few vaunting slaveholders'' What other tafe- Wales. For tbe rolling mills, tbe prospect is bettw, be-ret ce than that tbe lo>ches which illumine so brightly cavse tbe cheaper the pig the cheaper the bar aid the rail now are to be exchanged, open the slightest pretext, lor can be manufactured. Tbe coal trade in this State, as isFANATICS SOCTH AS V E U AS NOETB.' I f you think the popularity of slavery is onWyomingTotalTotal vote 18661,0 il 671 67,000 35,6874,069 37 262the iacreaae," we ventured to inquire, "why do youAfter returning and attending Divine service, I wa» udd that it was likely Senator Toombs would Mr. SrirHEs* Xo*. to the South alone, but to stop in passing on bis way homeward and take tea the a bole country. There are fanatics South as with Mr. Stephen*. With the evening train from well aa North. There are men here who would AugH~ta along same the great Southern sgit itor. Weak up the country aa they have broken up the His features in the pictaret bear a strong rc«ra- democratic party. They have nothicg bat relish blanoe to hiai, but they do not dance like those of and objects. They seek place, preferment the original. Mr. Toambs U of an active, aad I power. Knowing they could not cbtafo either should thkik of rather a jolty temperament. He a o l o a g a a t h c democratic party exist* 1, they set loofa aa if he could stag " Widoa Machroe" with about the worts of deetroytog the partg. and they as n»u«jh elect as John Brougham, to whom, by •java accomplished their parpose. The course I the way, he bears a Strang resemblance. And, like one of John's favorite characters, Toombs iaTbe vote in these counties In 1S59 was as follows—the vote of tbe Americans being the diiferenee between Jonas and Church, democrats, Jones also receiving the Ameri- can vote cast:—Jkmorratic. IUpublican. AmericanApprehend danger to the S juts''**«• taken in opposition to these men is a hat I be-liave to be the coarae o; dutj-dnty toscj Stateto the country, and although Georgia may•» v ,h,*t !.otefactlieC»,,Bionl«tfiandrevolutiomsts, IInhaU still luamtaia toe stand J have t a k n . 1course J am takiBj m the present unvawwdv tated by a desire to do all 1e*n to nr*i.m* » - ? uopbe whackI bebeva to be not only iram^ s a t certain, is case o£ laacoki'* eteo^Mi. TheNew York KingsErie Rockland Wyoming34 654 18,272 11,481 7.0713,903at snob like resptcuble citizens as David Paul Brown,Hon Ed. King and others. .The poor Bellitee tie* ta dis were arretted ta different portions of the State, who, ooorder from tbe ruffianly assault, and after having their being whipped, agreed ta their revelations of a rap.diy meeting thus ruthlessly broken up, have immense loads maturing plot, designed to do its full execution aboct theof abuse heaped upon them ta addition from republican 1st of August last. Bit. happily, the prompt aitios of.•eured from politica! life,.a«lthere is no pub-ence and means at their command. It is coniidently pre dieted by close calculators that Gen. Foster will reach theA leghaiitcs with 25 000 majority. Now, admitting the targe c arv Ippep diary characters whose presence Is iW republican claimed plurality of 30,000 (which certainly to great £OMd to the *ute> exaggerated) against him, west of the mountains and Yt-u may remember tb»' th«- developemonta ef Vires"- be yet beats Col. Curtin by 6,000. Make a note of this im, aid the coitessiors of members of tbe Bi,'*-na resorted to by s w d a men ta obtain their-mHi , at the sacrihee of principle aad louor: a ^ j ** strongly enlisted ia the cause, ajt£ so are han-PHTLADXxrnu, Sept 25,1MS0. crous pretensions of the rail splitter aftorded by the pa The State Election in PcnntyUmnia—-The Voter* Arrangcession sad revohition. I have viewed with pahvflalapprehension tve approaching crisisforyears tionsofMr.Steph***and*7T PJ**(>agJrolapaa<'. 1 iftt en year*' experience in Congress has ^palffied me to bee v me somewhat intimately a<^nainted with the tcvnpcr and feeiings of oar p i s p l r ; and I am aauailei beyond a doubt that, in 1* t r e a t of Ubeotn's elevtioa, there will be at least sa attempt at rcvolutapo- There wQl be feftood«p;! — CS> Pi*v b- 'us-; J^jtUi;? the it*most friendly nature, tjwy diner as arid«i» . . *k- j)!ained of.«wu»-Msad Greeley, they abandon them to the fate of action- .-tistw and traitors. In this township there are some que hundred and fifty men, who supported Stratton, now re- solved to vote against him. No doubv an old line whigtufrees unless actuated by stronger motives than o - ^ philanthropy. Whether they arc bl imabtc or not TJT toe man v emtisrrs Texaas Jaave suffered during the past fe* it.'-its. no abolitionists are wanted ta Texas, and toyNEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 18^,-TRIPLB SHEET.my ej es to its consequences.Mr. Stephens spoke with much earnestness onthistnb.'ect, and that he religiously believed whathe said was manifest from his impressive manner. with interest. •night of UK '*">Rir .-Bur Mr. Breckinridge, who is supportedlieutenants of the (actions wrangle over theiracres of land. A portion of this plantation belong- ed to his a\a rents. His grandfather died and wrs buri<>d on the spot; Ms father and saotheT livedState legislation, and especially la r jfertnee to the Paoifle Railroad. For a couple of weer .s past tho friends of —ahands, it was not until the expiration of many0%ABce" to retrieve his defewt and get himself reinstated ny a rencmWatiou and ele^.ion to Congress nex'. 'all; that he feels very sore about !*, and his only cure will be a re-In the Ktrst district, where tbe Irreg iler bolting candi- date of 1868. against Florence, has become the raraav nominee of I860, over Florence, It is alleged that msea da- satisfaction exiatr—the D«m>naik>o of Jndge Kiag by the Bell aad Everett party oflsriog to the disonteata a 6ae opportunity for mischief. Judge King bavins always here- tofore acted with the democratic part*, and Se.ag ia ao. wise alloyed with tbe tincture of popular sovereignty.to the Third district there are but two candidates, Ver- ree, republican, up for re election, aad Kline, democrat, a man ot nerves and waxends, equal! v strong In it a lis- trict, in certain localitWa, an alarm of ore or a balloon ascension Is sure to cover f i e housetops with so sassy ef tbe eons of Et. Crispin tbat to a stranger tbey besoae a greater attraction than either a car-fiagratlon or abames Tbey are good and true frlenr a of Kline, however, whoa they associate with Roger «lurmaa, and wi J leave ao (lap) atone unturned to rfectTbe Fourth district ia intensely republican, and in it, of course, Judge Kelly, the nominee of thai party, will be SblslsWdanrtIn the Fifth dstrict the nominees, Davis, republican, and taper soil, democrat, both reside In suburban tilkn Tbe latter Is a son of Hon. Charles .tared sogersoil, and, if less intellectual, la not leas eccentric than h a honored father. The eon and nominee, whose baptlsmti name Is "Hariy," derived his first notoriety frosaasui'. brcajht by him against a railroad company for atone, with whieh to build a wall fronting a lace which crossed tha railroad at r^ght angles, to tbe progress of tbe suit it i n ahv cloted tbat the chief engineer of the road constructed te archedbridgeofdressedstoneoveradryrunonMr.Is premises, to improve tbe landscape view from his "ler- race," at a cost of 01600: also tbat tho location of the roadwascbacred400feetoutofitsnaturalsiteV)takeit that much farther away fr> m his terrace, the cbaage sf location ccftinr the railroad company an extra expendi- ture of 110,000 These and other curious facta were published ta a report of the case, taken in short. banri, by order of the then President of the ma- rosd company, wbo was afterwards, for hie temer.tr, blowa '-higher than a kite" by tht F. F »s of Cross lane. But there il tbe Oak lane cot, costing ITt.Ou) extra: and there Is tbe atone arch view all from tht '• Terrace;" aad therefasGreco lane macadam bad at tht eipetee of the railroad company. The farmenoftas vicinity query, tbat if a railroad company was aaest*341.304 sbadow tbe greater contest a month later. There ia no the district by such a representative r03,165 mistaking the symptoms. Oar merchants along Market In some of the Legislative district* there is atocb tea'-yeare^hatMr. Stephens waa enabled to achieveIV LIW«M.>t,8 BXBXrrWS— AN ATTeWfT AT SKCS*- the proudest object of his life's senbition, election. "The "sore" wpot, however, turns out, accord-44,495or V*K conn-sircontent.mrBB(Nsto<t FOR TUB STTTJRBHOM A*t> RSVOUmON INBVtTA»DE—HIS VlBW-5 the- tcdemption of "Lis patrimonial estates. C. Vlbherd, we chiofSuperlntendeot of the Central Riil-PENNSYL V ANIA.OVS THIXADSXrBia OOBBBSPONDBMCB.OM BLAVBBT—HI8 rtlMTATlON—Kia VISIT ASM— He "tas since sdded considerably to Its propor- road, is canvassing the a'joining district ot Suhsnectady 'SB ABA'iDOSS vrsfC UFS, AMU"MrTDUTK! TKrtLeavenworth, straight republican Leavenworth less than Fremont JM.CS more than Buchanan" leas than vote against Fremont.The vote fJTComptroller waa :— Denniston, republican and American.. Church, straight democraticDenniston less than Fremont Church more than BuchananDennii-ton more than Ixavenworth.... Jones more than Church....PHnaoixPBu, Sept, 24,1860. 261,139 The Cvnfatien* <f McbHekaet and Cameron in RegardBWau<*e<;cBS or *as Horn—A VISIT FRO* me tions, and by improving Its culture rendered ft for Congress; and I am credibly informed that along the24,868 66,901... 67.913..276 052 .227,304 56to the Slate Election*-Great Change in PubUc Senti- .,:• ,i—Practiced Fiuion in PemiyUania— Jmnt'iue En- (hutiatm of the Mass s for Ibttcr— Attitude of the Con- icrtatices-Philadelphia Sure for lO.COO Majority—Beli-gertnt PropentUia of the Wide Awakes, £c , «*cYour editorial, headed "Glorious news from Pennsylva- nia," which appeared ta last Friday's Baaaxo, has been extensively read ia this lattitude, and has contributed immensely to increase the perplexities of the Lincoln and Curtin leaders. Tbey awaken at last to a realization of tbeir true position, sad discover with alarm that the masses at large have taken the issues of the great contest in hand, regardless of the intrigues of Interested and de- signing politicians. Thus, Morton McMicbael, editor of tho North American, a shufflta! political sheet, is reported to bave alleged, some weeks since, that Cartin would come to this city with 20,000 majority from over the Al- leghanyMountains.Morerecently,however,bothheand Simon Cameron bave delivered themselves of the fol- lowingsignificantlinguage:—"If itwerenotforthePre- sidential contest, in the Immediate rear of our Governor i election, Fester would beat our man by 2«,000."«BBAT M)lTBltRK AOITATO*, fSNATOR TOfftfM— cat of the finest plantations "in the ctsrnty. It waa line-of the road aad in every district In the State wnereWUA? %.LU MACS TKXA90M «SSFSCTABLK E C . tc".his place that the biggest-littlest man in the i t « possible to succeed railroad candidates are to beBTCState of Georgia invited your correspondent to tike a horseback ride yet-terday -tSunday) Earn- ing. Oar equestrian education had been somewhatDominated. Tho repubiic*na—some of tha leaders of v bom »ie to share in the Congressional and Pacific Riil- road arrangement—are to aid this scheme; subttwtlalt'RAwrocovitLS, Tnl.aferro Co.,* a.,) Sept. 2 4 , 1 * 0 . Jevidence ofGilbert C.wbo a year or two ago was dropped from the RepoV.to'inLeaving hS 'r.ggage at **3 bumble ran in this Baste village, which numb?:* but about" hree brua- jDavidson, the partner oftoed inhabitaotH, white -and black, your -orres-. tages of tin intimate ecquaintinceship * ith lbs- State Committee on account of unanundneit and po'Uisiineglected in youth, although we had the advan-Corning,. . .31,400brow and dther eminent professors of the equine art, and atr situation on tho buck of a horse ut this time was- iuite a novel oneSTATK8MAN ASD COBKK8TONDKSr.ADdoow bshold us, «:n cf>tr<d, passiujr through the gatis towards the road. But what is this white'"cfldeHty.lus&gdD, through tho aid of Weed &Co., notonly been reinstated on the committee, b>it is now one ofthe executive body and the treasaror of thu organization.01 coorie, if Corning, Vibbard or others of bis partners orfriends are nominated by the democrats, "Gif wtll*i>sudan awful tmount of funds to defeat ihera. la return Ut voted tbe half and ball ticket which had been nominatedall this ibe politicians really baiiive thatDiaa RSiSm^d, to Insure the defeat jf the Albany Weed Junta, but which Vice PreiWent of the Central Railroad, who holds tae k.a» ticket was objectionable to very msny of the AmericansAll along the road were vehicles, and hotsemen,numbers when tbe ballot box reveals the truth, and we would suggest to ail nai.onal democrats—First—That the lacrifloe of the State and the Union is one toe great to be made to party I-aders.and «ervanf«* jrc always at hand to extend the h->s kindly inquiring after Hie folks at home. Going tiun of tkt Leaders in thi Last L'giilaiure~»Tht C>r- claim for ibem. JIn Berks, Korthampton, Lehigh, it .nroe, Montgomery, ta tbe fact that tbe inr>)mb«i.is of t ie office cf recorderThe Northern people," be ren^arked. "do not vn the subject of Southern life, manners, rights and resisted to tbe end a union of tbe muses, Because ItBreckinridge and sectional vote from the Americana are, at least, double tbat which will be probably given as stated, and there is every reason to believe tbat, not- withstandingtbeobstinacyofthedemo,-ratiopartylead- ers, and tbe defection of Scrogga and Uiiman, who broke tbe n» k of tbe American organ zitlon In trying tacltmb into cilice, tbat the national union ticket wiU beat Lin- coln in this State, under any and all circumstances, by at least tO.GOO; and wtth every reason to hope that this, by harmonious action and patriotic sacrifices to defeat sec t'onalism, may be increased to 100,000.What Bay you, union men or toe .-'ate of New York, to this result? Shall tbe work be done?In forty five counties tbe republican ticket in 1S69 laat on the vote of Fremont, and the dam cratic ticket ga'.oed and increased the vote in every one of those cauot.es ex- cept Wyoming. Tbo only coumiee in which tbe demo- cratic vote was decreased in 1859, as given to Buohanan, were Erie, Kings, New York, Rockland and Wyoming, and it is only necessary to rally the conservative muses in these counties to redeem the Slate.As to the radical democracy, Van Buren exceeded the vote of Can ta thirty one counties: in all of these except one (Ulster) the republican vote in 1*59, and in all .f these the democratic vote was increased except one, Wyo mlug.St. Lawrence county may shew tbe efleetof this change. Van Buren received 6,023 ts Cass 613.t si ccess preponderate on the ?M<- n» the rcouV. ~u.« Tbe movement to britp v?m L Yaocy to Pfc:»ade*?i» to address a mass meet! g has w^sMy, as we tl'.nk, *«saSnow what dangers threaten the country. They duties. At one point my horse was about a lengthan:: bt d the machinery by which he control! >J the de- mocraticparty. WeeIisconfoundedbecausesicha ut ion portends speedy and ccrUin destruction to all hta schemes of corruption and terminateB his power. Mean- while all patriots rejoice and take new eoura^o.Tho announcements that the committee of the pejp'.e in your city had cordially agreed on an electoral ticket ^> be supported by all who sincerely desire the defeat of i tncoln bad tbe same effect that attends the cry ol '-Land be"'after a long and tempestuous pierage; a;, 1 when the ticket was announced a totilly new face was at once given to tho Presidential canvass. Every one felt it. It was seen in tbe new life, tbe increased energy, tic confidence manifested by all, save those wbo are dashed down and destined to defeat. Tbcy who before Ware bop<- less a?e new hopeful; they who before mere doubtire are LOWconfident. Thus, aa the glorious news is proclalmsd through the States, thousands of votes are added to the grand army of the Union. What his all the while b'•• u wanted is now supplied—a rminablo probability .;f sic- cets, a manifestation of a chance, a visible prospect, through concerted action, of defeating Lincoln. Tl:e union baa been etfected at the right moment. It finds tbe Union men freeh, ready and hopeful, while the rcpubli- cans, having already spent half their energies, and n.i, ,h more of tbeir money, in a holiday campaign of months in duration, are in a poor condition for tbe stern set to towhich they are unexpectedly summoned. iSsy have counted on an ea?y victory. Tbey consequently havo, up to this time, omitted much of the severe labor which alone in a stern coutestcan insure victory. Breakers arc icen ahead. Hence the Evcniny Journal's uTy of dis tiers, and quick word of command summoning all hao<!s on deck, in the hope of retrieving the ground l»st and time mUspent in tenscles j parades. Up t» wltfeiu a few days no one has felt disposed to bet that Linaoln would not carry the State; ha-, since the result of the labors of tbe t'bion Committee was made knowo, numerous bats have beea made that New York will «> agatnit Lincolu while others are otlered without takers This, probab'y belter than anything else, denotes tbe drift m popular sentiment.Not only Is the union electoral ticket consummationImportant in NuwVoik.but It in or vho highest imp" -tan o on account of tbe tiled that will be exerted on trieconical in Pennsylvania U la believed that 1| will givethoarands of votes to Foster, whose election neat monthwould as In 3' M prefigure the t'rcsldouiial re alt. fractlcally the campalKn is hit for thirty days longer.Wead's practceu eye does not misinterpret tint relat'vaadvantages which—at the opening of this single nuntli.during whtcb tbo fate or parties if not of our country : t Decrease of vote to bo decided—-tbo combatants poaaeas—the one jaded byrendered untlt for sovcro tervlci- by vainglortous confldence, the other fresh, vigorous and animated by thit 27,528 t;ot,i,de*..-« ohUioid by a successful omorgenee from a Tbe republican vote Increased 83t, showing that thereintherear,whenMr.Stephensobserved, "Black- berry is rather lazy this morning." We gave Black- berry a crack, and BUekberry came near mikinguponthiscontinent,andwhichtheleadersoftheparty, from politic motives, dare net promulgav at the present juncture. Under these circumsiar.c-s you will not be surprised to find enormous maijr'.tira from the eastern count!'f of this SUto for Foster, and lis election through them. Said election, moreover, followed by such a fusion of theopposiigeiemects to eectiMialism aa shall drive •'honest old Abe" effectually to the wall. Cert&taly, so far as demonstrative eiiorts are concerned bere ta this city, tbe republicans would seem, ta the casual observer.time,butmightdoharmfitsreetbtpartit*IN.r*»t.a the popular remembranceIt is curious, but it is nevmhelffs true, that Peoorrt vania is again tbe battle ground of the Pres.teacy; wtu tbe issue will be of course is not known: irhat its ctice* tmd to is visible inordinary observation. They eaihdiy more and more plainly indicate Gen Foster's eitci-ot is October, and a grand fueion :n November aga.au Ltoools.Recent advices from England represent tbe ires aad coal trades ss languishing and dull, < specially tbe p'{ rxJ in cola's eleotian?Mr. TeoHBS— Bsaist huu. BKP.—Without waiting for an overt act?lative condition or the combatant*; about to bo summoned to the tiual contest.Nor la ibu alono tbe only source of woaknets of th^ republ cans In this State. Local disputes and Internal quarrels of all sorts are accumulated In tneir handscast tbeir vote ui 1859.NEW JERSET.OCR BCRL1M6T0N COBREgrONDINC*.BcaumroT, S:pt. S3, 1850.rtasotably so, the offenders were quietly advise] to seu^ i.p the ir attain and leave the e&ate No man has yet sntlerelsmtss, and it is certain that there ar* yets*Mr. Toetass -*We have Lai overt acts enough Tbe struggles of the bvislatlve jobbera and corrup' H. o « c e tnat wonld t e m p l e to re-enter it. V h e already; tie,personal liberty bills are snrScient tlonists w retain power and poriltiou are pros-Th*. (M Line Whig* Leasing their Republican, AUiet—TiuWide Awahet Ojppusedlo Freedom nfSj>exh-The Furion- and see whether I am far from the truth in prophesy ing : to e of SonthwesUrn land pitatot, rerea>d s systecBar. Who will cooamenco U.e revolution ?trating tbe energies ant discipline of the party at tbe tta»e aad in the place they are nee.led aaott. By rcnon^nating Llttlejoha, McQiade.and other well known characters the rep tblioan p a r i y i s takine on fearful loads, ir It can stagger through tho next tblrty days under tbvm it will pro re Its capac ty to standDaugUu Straight Outi, So.For many weeks the •' black ropublictns, or abolltlon- ifts,'' as Douglas terms t h e n , havo had pretty much tbeir own way In this portion of tbe State. Messrs. Ten Eyck aad Stratlon, being residents of this county, nave not neglected tha opportunity to push forward tbe ludi-Foster's election and the amount of his majority. Well 11 predstory operations similar t> those lately practistdMr. TOOMBS— 1 will, if 1 havo tomaketreasonrespectable.anoughto back memay Greeley, in a moment of bitter disappointment, through the changes of tho campaign, bawl oaaparaiely to our Wide Awakes, "Men of Pennsylvania, yoTstaud at the Tbermopybi' of this contest !*» The honor of saving the Union occe more rests with our State.<n tbla State. Tbeir system waa vastly cumpirt* sol in- tricate in its ramifications. A scene of opcratxiBS w»J4 be se-lrctcd—the rich, st stores sod the probable antouct if bcoiy ;»neiUined— » descent would then be unto by lie gaig, tbe richest goods earned tsT and tiest>r<* Ired. imiingtbe C/nfusi>n raised by the firs, o u x . •horgh !<ss valeablc art,cUa would be secured, ani i'' thlsp* httpg in readme** the proceeds of ibe robbe*? • id cii.liegration would be safely trutsmii'.- . to tot • genta of tbe gang, whose business it was to convert :'•»'**9*AB of other* with whom I &avo con* ersed. Mr.do n<n ''*airc ta Iwep sa».»h t'Otppaay. Tootaba, although satisfied 4hat the Suto will kiadcorranUoBlstawillatalk into our legislative halteralysls of the democratio party after the breaking up at Baltimeru. The only annoyance tbey have hitherto ex- perienced has been in tbe organization of the Union partyi mostly coaaposed of old line whigs, in favor of Bell aad Everett, hut hitherto co operating with the op-ing Themselves for tht Contest—The Organisation lake*Out of the Bands of the taction Leaders—The PhUaJd- i.tonsb. Negroes were sJso rcn < 2. ' Lirr pret.'- :•?<^Karc\, T «* **o jro« believe lia^oln* electios eventually go for Breckinridge, is not so well satis- h S a 5 u ° a . J S r 7 •21 V. ? e TM°«»»«<fn orffrarnorphia OmgrmiosHii Content— Yancfy Abandoned by the beixge-snied io a tree State, but were- sold by tneir 4-u ctireis, who travelled under tbe various guisas of itoe-asre'Mr. STKV "BKS."S—I caa coaeelf<• s o otber result, iaview of the, discordant condition <>f the opposing eleaaentaN\>thandSouth.Rsr. What will follow ?Mr. Srarmoi^- -Undoubtadly aa attempt at -cMorgan ..a the "upright Excontlve," while they arc da- , bedthathewillcarryItbeforetiepeople. n«mosdasthe "cornipt logialators,"has insoswofua?Philatllphians—lkc Political Tide Setting In for Fos- ter—The Attitude of the Iron and Goal Men, d> , d\c.nnt pn at hers, colport'uis, Ac , and were free f<"* ; i » j i c k » , so ce»mplete were their disssIAM »»• ro perfect their hypocritical torch. Now thars is ocit i n raised a cam!ict that is not 1kely to eartlDiif*Mged t0 °mit * *ket3h * Mr' S^Phens' iiuiiy advantageous to his KxwIleucyT'p«vVmi*en, ,w^aiof*TM "*8B*"»andhisfinaliriumpUs,forTbero is not the slightest paababUlty that the n«rt LrghlaturawillbematerUltydjrerent fro^ SheuSi New men are not neceasarily >etter men Tbi^v.rrTr^ tion complBiued of reoutta from aVartetr Sr c\Z^/^t among whlchis the Weed ReguncyVwh,^ „ £ - " * • ^whoelectedTenEyckSenator,aadforStrattonasth?lr representative; but they did so as whige, Americans or the "people's party," not as Dutch Schurz denmerats, andOneweekfromTuesdaynext,October9,tbegreatbat iioLbtthatthehueoiitrat<•*taT.xasresultedfrom«?"few speeches. M^ ?^* * * " * •tiecorneaofftathisState,lorBOonewhoisfamiliarwith the politics of Pennsylvania doubts that if Curtin be de- feated in October Lincoln will be put nor* de combat in No-miltrbardofnecroandhorsethsevts,wbohadsdop'^i the exact plar of operations of the larger gang: yetf* the >akc a sympathy and (if suspected and f-jeing to * Nrril.rn State) protection from outraged josije, tber8 Itahould be -taudthawnt ^'for and by Ugialutlve johbrng and c.ru«ii S s r a S f ?t "black republicans, or abolitionists." Sod now, since i» a manlfeat fact that, ramove Weed fcom tha uE&T'„«ivember. The consciousness of this fact pervades tbe mtnai' •; to ttiow tbe tilium of their dee-tson the '> •• wholepoliticaleommunity,andildividingthevotersInto t;<n'j's. Nomatterbowfanaticaltherepubl<:i3So:i'-«two contending parlies, arraigning on the side of Fo-ter Nci th msy be on the subject of Bcgro slavery. Id3 ert W all wbo deprecate the elevation of Lincoln to tbe Presi- neve tbey would rlak their precious necks ta rwssur- •'•'! stood that the republican eaadlJ* ' the side of the Union, the constitution and the 1 ruereno* to •ochn resultthough txa colleges and s I ooia of bis district are Krgely kit it, ami nrary repcbUeaa was aads * „ » , -«• »"»*• •d**"1 * • * patrKiaed by Southern slaveholders-, aad h.« reelection It, and as, from present s.gas, will It be again. u%, . . .OtK BVB (N. T.^RVB We- •' 00RRSOTONDBHC1.be inevitable. Tha demagogues have raised awhirlwindtheycannotcontrolnorstandbefore, equallytrua.1hattherewiUbehotworkinWash-and as much as I deplore the event I cannot cfose ington when Lincoln la inaugurated there is no true friendac' ». — T _and that he has a Strong body to back him ia1ourlittletownJ** *^«aVWCbuany,4a.in Jersey when intercourse ceases with tbe South. The grasswilloverrunherroadsandherrails.The Boa. David Paul Brown addressed the Union men here a abort time since and splintered tha rail splitter.Worhmt their material te a white heat betore thry » * , ready to strike, tbeir fires are beginning to langxab, aad themetalentheanviltogrowcold;whdat,aai*. other band, the voting messes of the deaaocraey. areeatet by the Ciamoroua preparation of the eausxy, set te work****** las* upon tau ta to-morrow under the disunion flag. The move- " J , ^*ionalism which was making such beat aaddoubt. Five hundred men can be enlisted in Atlan-ments of the Northern Wide Awakes are regardedor abolitionists with rotten eggs, stones and bullets. TheV o d r" uen it bad convened the scene that presented itself great orator, Judge Kiag, aad other distinguished patriots hence it is that, whilst the captains sad thewhite gate >, where yon see that light"—for the bnildas3—what is this crowd: They arc within of tbe sjft organization in hte breeches pocket, Is to prc- because of the nomination of Doraheimer. 1: is apparentMB had *et, end the curtains of nirjit were clor'ng the Siiaita of Mr. Stephens'domain, and the people axoaaU.Inafewminutesyoarcorrespondent regaedhimwithevidentrespet.Taeoneisa. nt the nnion of the democracy at all h»7.ards, and give that the greater portion of the 91,000 votes deficient from th*StatetoLin'-.©ln,who.ifel«cted,1Bp'edjteitoaidand tbevoteof1666wasofthisclass,andwhocandoubtapprove tbo Pacific Rillroad or <Haer schemes modest looking ai'd yet goodly sizod Baptist meet- to be got up at Washington. The llsaa alsoteat while there is no certainty,that L'nwln can regain the 24 £68 votes lost from tbe vote of Fremont, and most ofwhomwere doubtlessfree soildemocrats, and wbo, with many thousand more of tha o'. t school Van Baron democrats, will probably vote for Douglas, there can be as little <juestion that the patriotic national Americans w ill rally and cast their full vote for the union electoral ticket.If, tben, we take the vote of 1869 as tbe basis of our ca'culatlen, we have—found himso'.f within the enclosure and walkingwp a broad arenue toward Mr. sitephens' inghoise,andthepeoplo,you see, have cornea has got a promise that if it cin be donetho JV se. The first obiect that met our view waa and this, with the knowledge that the Rev. Dr.Hillyer, of Peniield, is to preaoh, has attracted an ywwtb, waiktag thoughtfully through a wide pas- um-nally large assemblage. Passing along, tothat of a person, apparently a slightly-formedLeavenworth's vo e for Lincoln (Kerch's vote tor IH>og!asFree Boilers lost from Fremont National Americans lor union Straight American vote, 1SS9Total union voteMajority orer Lincoln251,139sage way that extended from one aide of the dwelling to the ether, and open to the air and sun-quote a famous novelet,, "two horsemen227 304 26 000 67 000 26,000jiiight have been se^n"' rising on the crest shine at either end. On approaching this alight, of a hill of red 'Ity in T|liaferro county, Georgia,apparently tragTile personage, we discovered at on a calm summer's morn. They were apparent-«eee. from his deeply i«arked ond careworn fea-Bsres, hie briad foreLead, his .'ntelligent and elo-sjnen* bhuk eye, that it was no youth who stoodbefore UJ, b«t Mr. Stephens himself. He nowweighsninetytwopo.inds,an.weighedbuteighty-ftur when he •ommencediawspractice in Crawford-vide. Th? ceremony of introduction passed, Mr.Mlapbons remarked, " Let ma eeml to the hotel forj e u i luggage, and atop with m j whi'.a yoa tarryhere." We thanked him, and accepted his invitation. and horsewomen, going in their neat Sunday at- It i-bvuld be here mentioned -tl^it the residence of tire to meeting. Everywhere wai Mr. Stephens.Mr. MepLena is called " Liberty Hall,"" aad saluted with respect; even the negroes would stop, whether Mr. S. be at home or not, the latcli-strfag and, taking off their hats, cry, 'Good moruiu', • mvariabiy h.Jig outside for visiters and friends, mass' Aleck;'' and Mr. Stephens would respond byly'engaged in earnest conversation. One bistro le SufMutbaD&a, who are groatlj embittered against Giv Morgan icr his vtto of tbe AfSany and Saeqaebann» Ri'l-lie-m tbi» es.lmat), a.-- endangering the sucoecs of the and lhird streets are putting forth herculean energies tag aid bitter strife; but as the sex', Legislature will re- unon electoral ;icket. we must deduct the vote for tbe elect Gov. Biglei or choose a suecessor for his seat Is the Brecsinridge tickctiit oneshonll be mainta'ued n this for the Bi X&& of tbe practical f-sioi against Curtin, and United States Senate, existing dinatkefoottcn at party etc State, which at ir&a time app-jirs to be ex'-remely im- par consequence, vs. Lincoln. Giy Cags, bearing the didalea will be quieted by election day.fr .1 .sortslite horse as df he were waxed to the sadllc, and the other didn't. It sceaied that the latter did not know of which of four evils to make a choice—whe- theritwerebest to pop aver the horsed head, tumble off to the ligiit or to the bft, or slide back over his tail. The movements were unique, un- doubtedly; but without accident we proceeded.road bill ia»t winter, are being applied to, and With great effect, to join in the scheme to slaughter their greatest enemy. On the other hand, Dean represents R-iUy as an out-and out Sueqoebanna Ruiroal man, and saya if they »ontbelieve he'll kissthe Bibleon,it. Itnprobable. If cerliin leade, s can defeat the demand of the people, tbey cannot loiitr il the adion of toe voters, and astheadministrationbaagirenwaytothenecessity,tierames of Bell and Everett, Douglas and Johnson, or BreekinrkleeandLane,fioatuponthesreezeallalongthetime when tickets can be cut with fmpamty, because the lore of a single representative Cistrict might imperil the controloftheHouseatHsrrisburg.aadthechoiceoft4oti fto,tso*.even to Davw Paul Brown ia Philadelphia? Can we havean intolerant on the ti jket Tben, ta this city the desire of 'be Ben andNEW YORK.OCB AXBANT COBBSSrOHDBNCS.The~fusion la bailed with upon Henry M. Fuller for Conrresf, is the Their abort reign ia over. Tbe fusiAixAST, Sept. JB, i860.ITte CVstfrol BaSLroaA After the Oomgresmen^ .j>ht!tr OxHi-joy, aad Douglas men, Breckinridge men and Bell men are Second district, which comprises the old city, and tea The call for the meeting was signed by tbe balk of the combining against them. Tha question is not who shall wealth of the community. This places Mr. Mm Bred. bone and sinew, the wealth and power of the community. win, but how to beat Lincoln r It will be done. Like tbe head, tbe democratic nominee in the Second district inEraetas Oorning bave been car vatalng the ooanty and beeecchisg tboeo democrats wbff aided In his defeat at theOf which were for— Fremont.BuchananFillmoreM»jority opposed to FremontWhole number of votes in 1859, State election.... WB,728 Decrease (votes not polled) .•• 92,771Of tha votes In 1869 were tor Secretary of State:— Jones, democrat and American 362,689t elf popular as Presiient of tbe iumdee and Atlantic Rut-ing to year capote, to fce the great Pacl 1o Railroad scheme.which is furnished by tho fact thatiDond *Co refnupil, point bla&k, any fusion whatever with tbe Breckinridge men it now explained. Po>r 'Jon«las is to be a were rits.ww to adraa'V! tbe schemes of a powerful monopoly, and those woo vote for him cot only aid them in their plans, but help ti elect Lincoln, la it pwaible that, tbe eyes of lie people of tho State beinjt now open to tbeae Btupeado>iS s ih^oiea and combinations, they will not rise as one mm for the take of common honesty and the character of the s u i e and crush this mocster coalitionfFirst—That 30,(00 votes may be spared to the Breckin- Ofjitturn of the LtaltXi—Efftd of the Fasiin-mX^nini ridge ticket—the greatest number tbe uoet sanguine canFoster aid the defeat of sectionalism. stLtinseLt, will be suie to rrar only diaappniBtmsBt far Let tbe democratic nominee be huccess'ul ia 0:tober, bis pairs. However, we may hope for a different coscra-and tbe now discordant element- will uuickly come to sicn in any special case.terms upon tbe common basis of the onsti itiou versis Tbe control of funds for tbe canva*3 is just a • T excitingALBANY, Sept. 21,1^30.up the enormous majoi itiea for Buchanan. Bere, Uii. ie government are not handed over for dlsunhutton fey perceptible ibe uniform sentiment against republicanism. item. Tbe beauty cf tbtt or mpaint ia forcibly tlftmrttedWhich was, aa compared wiit 18'>t} — tei>a*1«ts marehes and coontermarehes, demoralized and DemocraticIn tbe face of all this, tbero ia an immense practical fa* A number of white men, travelling pedlars aad strif; slon of conservative men going silently on. Meet whom gling a etiiicanis, were arrested, and where toe proof o.yoa may ta the streets, the ta* Invariably is •' I am for baviigbeen tampering with tbe negroce, tbfvieg vuAmerican Z7,6ZS We aaktd, "What do yoa intend doing in case of series or diflluultus, doubU and gloom Saeh Is tbe re- is in these counties 38,000 national voters who did notrioting waa positive beystd any reasonable doubt, tber, ta s«me instance?, snfferel the penalty of death, aad in fibers floggisg and Icstait dismissal from the *taie.evidently waiting for "acmething^to torn up.", ,» ~ „ « _ _AZ^ TM 5?« Toombs are of the and jou woul.i in a groat mcuture remove the evil nonv.'adopt in the event ofaIt ia understood that tbe Bon J. Byonrs ago as boltuie antl I.eooupton demoer^.'snooorted by repnbllcant, MtlL/rcumpton'.tei;, amertcaas? w d aapoles ia relation to the *tteljaa iheRevnolis«hn i . «dency, aad on tbe aide of Curtin all who worship tho slave negro of the South and shun and neglect the free ne-*Z££'J~'^election Mrj Toombs takes the ground that t*e Stats should f ' sorts, was ekctc-i to Congress overgro wbo pines ta want and cold ta the cities of the Vorth. would ccrt»ult their best tatereet by gt vu>g Icxas a •'• uW , B l 1' poaltioa. Tbey voted Tor members of the Legislatureexpelfrom one to halfado;.en memfcTri[anffi.V£? TenFyakandStrattonhave madethe final plunge into the camp of Lincoln, Seward, Sumner, Giddiags, Baler.Corner wii. i' cibly resist, Mr. Btephena the reverse. As the fa fr^,«»^^r!^?^iiS.>.!«^pwitut win be run by them—Col. Allen, E. B. Grubb, or Mr.Untitled DocumentUBwn' . . ^95th for a grand rally la opoosftioa to *he On the aaxt evening, while repeating the operation in to organize far tbe earning aSruSjle, so rsstra.aiig thau*rtlt " ' * * strides all throigh the North. The Brapara-Philadelphia, the meeting was assailed by the republicansseal that their enthusiasm shall not culminate before the day of battle, but on tbe field of batUs. .tan.4 f o r the meet mg had been going oa for several days,*y animating in the extreme. AH present hud hut oneTHE BiTTLE IHTHE CENTRALST1TES. Y ject In view, and that was a ftnthful carrylag oat of the the ground. This occurrence has produced a profound nice points, the masses, taking tbe canvass into theirprinciples of Washington, Jeneraas, Weoater aad others OWB hands, are arranging the details of organimtt* of like precious memory, and a united endeavor to assist sensation here. Conservative people, languiahing for the with a view to vote the tickets nominated under thefor thatreason, I suppose, one of Ma supporters in this The Cou<er\athe l|ajte Enterlog the COD» I in crushing out the fanaticism of the day.The people flockad for miles around, aad It is sals to say that at least one thousand, strong U nion men were onby the triumph of the republicans or abo-exceptions to this ta localities, where, in once!deration a*..276,007 ..196,808 ..124,604neutral ground, as between Douglas and t ^ * * ' " * ; .because tbey must be carried agatast Lmcoto. to otherStates wheretheresultcannotbeaffected,thetwo>wings menssucrtaoefortbepary'sfood. of ihe party way aaeasure their strength without endangertog the Union, and Jlght each other to their hearts... S4 813 .. 26.^55can betbe agitation oaaae by the BsaaSBj of a IHioaiaUr Will the agitation , „ _ _ _ ,Bell sad Everett votes east fir Foster, the friends of tbe ground. The chief speakers were Bon Hiram sectional party which will not allow free iom of speech those national candidates may be gives a reprsaeatatioawhole echene is now unravelled. The reasoi why R'ch btekboLC and tie judgment of the secessionist nvist busy commercial mart, and whatever may be the indi- Senator 1 I Congress. Conscquentlv.any candiaateof themilitary organization or WideJ Awake*?both be weak if they pursue suea s su'cida! 3oarse In vidual rred:'<.lions of those wbo hung tbem 0"t, they minority party la any district, who by personal soucita- such a case their lark of judgment will prove the lack of are actuated by a common purpoee—tbe election of ticn and befginc may atrive to overcome tbe doajunltoe higher law <b>~n,Dee of Greeley, Seward, Lincoln tiSoconc—That Messrs. Bardibell and Soflabell hat bet Company. It ia sheering, more«v«r. to note the accounts seme talk. the straightout itxtglas exeontivo oommitleeter postpone their family quariei until some more lining opportunity.Fr«m these flgires it appears:—which flood in npon us from the eastern ,'Lc Pennsyl- mak tag lond complaints that the funds ailaged io have best vania German j counties^—the very districts witich piled collected from tbe ho dots of o'Jice under the genera'In 1856 Fremont received " Buchanan "• Fdlmore "Freraoit over BuchananIn 1860 Leavenworth bad over ChurchDemocratic gain and republican loss. Tbe American vole enocted t a u resultthe Tote for Jones and Churcb.,... Clear democratic gain :aa9 698 1950 1^3317 ^^% 4'e63S.OSS between161the deadly musketTbe republicans had a grand ms?s meeting in the time honored city of loncaster on the ie th taat. Various re- ports place tbe number In attendance at 60,000, 30 600, £0 100, 15,000 and 10.CQO—the latter probably correct. Il ia a very easy matter to convoke a large meeting in a county which has ever exhibited such a one-sided bias tgalnst the democracy as Lancaster—Its average majority being four or five thousand. Bat tbe experience of the past haw proven that such gatherings, iestea.1 of making any convetta, at best merely confirm violent partisans in an already imbibed faith. In 1 joe tho case stood precise ly eimi ar—tho Fremont men munopoliziog all the f e u and feathers oi the campaign. Tbey had nine tenths of the press advocating their sauae.held tbe largest meet tags, bad all tbe votes uoon steamboats and rtuwsy cars, ahouttd inordinately, and all thai; and yet, when the silent divinities of the l a lot box told the true state of affairsEngland, has not Men pre liable to the miners, the who* or the advance ta prices having been rak-d into ibe co**** of the carriers. fh« Reading Hi Iroad aad ScicyfeA canal both charge fifteen cents per ton more than they did in tbe fall months last of year, whereby ab ml tsu'ee thoisand dollars s week, wiieh should hava gone ti the operators, wbo b a v s l v e n struggling .oroug l tbe last teres years, are collected from tbe operators by the two car- riers.T E X A S .OI11 HOI-ION COBJnKPPOVDENCK.2,927 the re- publicans In 18*9 gained on She vote for Fremont. Inl e t us examine the vote of the 1856 they voted as follows —countieswhereTotalTotal vote 18591,429 1,78756,406749 3,12837,686312 268,078 .102,04987,740 10,066newspapers, which are bound to shield their own parti- sans in any case of tight or wrong.our cttiness averted tbe storm, which wool! ctber*** bave swept its untold horrors over a country as r :r \ J uatuie as any under the run.Bucks, Carbon, Ac , t n- re are unmlatakeabie prognostic*<f Deeds, 4m, ta the "Row" are slraightouts, ai: 1 oughttions of immense majorities for Foster. Tn-3 sturdy o be tsxed a per outage on their i i w x e , ubkA S voted almostsolelyftoma certain pre--ncev.td bias— 'cidersofplaceorderUrru-3a<nw.iboutaddlingti'iirpatesconoernln^ \ir- questions at loxcerntagthe"Rowf*bces,"itlabelievedtbatn:u- itsue—have awakened to a keen tense of tho dangers in- ' erstanding has been < Heeled between tbe democrats «niSecond—?ay lOtutO Amer•cans win voted for Fillmore> bouid vote for lAnjoln, this will only affect the national yeomanry cf those agricultural district', who formerly • rermpus and vastly preponderant over the raiarkiNational votes in excess of sectionalbut we must observe tbat both the foregoing estimate 1ickti can be ele :ted If no fusuai be made, tha CCUKW 5these elucidations bave awakened an 'nvente desire araoncthe hornet farmers to crush movements so direfally op-posed to tbe peace and quietude of tbe loontry. Theycommeiice to reS'lz* tbat there is an unprinted republicanp at'orra wb'ch aims at the eventual estinstlon of slavery hbi.tdcned. Mr Fancy would eU> no good h-. a: this2*«eAan«n. Hllmore. Fremont tbey fell Into a disgraceful minority, not even attaining .tftired-PJdnu ef the Land Pirates—Advice to the AbM-New YorkKingsErieRockland 1,52« 937 668to on: half tbe vote polled for Fillmore. There was adeep conservatire feeling at work, which, though nnobtrutive through the campaign, spoke ta thunder tones onelection day. Even ao it ia now You see the same menparading, day after day, with firm tread and much eathusiasm, but, after all, tiey are the same faces each time,and maty of them so youthful as to excite serious doubtsof their qnalilcation to vote. They are In niiisnlljmarching turn the Delaware to the Schuylkill, and fromthe latter river to the former, and a stranger might thinktbeir name was legion. Occasionally, in their enthusiasmover "Old Abe's" anticipated triumph, these jubilantWiuj Awakes inaugurate a row with detached pxrttea ofBell men, in which tbey hurl brickbats and other mlaaiies41013 19,922 17,771 14,174 8,647 7,846 7.S36 6.520 6.001tioni-fc—Tke Kind of Men Required in Tacas—BreA* ridge Expected to Carry Tex-is—The Crops—Comiijfios f 'he Railroads—Increase in the Valu-. tf Prnpu'.i » 'J .as—Health of Houston, dc , «£cSince tbe August election the incendiary exiilesett baa entirely died away, though beyond a doubt there set a regularly organized plot 'or tbe plunder sad devastate of all Northern Texas, At first the suspicions natcralT fell upon abolition incendiaries, and upon the estabiaa- meit of Vigilance Con mitteea aad night patrols aegroes1,611 7,204 7,466 2.212Bell, for Bre kitridge.or for Douglas," as the case maybe," but I go for Foster, as the only sure way of defeatingihe Beet tonal rati splitter.'' Many men, who scarcely mixin politics at all, under ordinary circumatanoea, have en- Where the proof cf abolitionism was not so clear, jet tered tbe present gubernatorial canvass wtth all the Influ-road, will not depreciate his pniittaal sUtcs by a BBSBBUSHorsTOB. Texas, Sept.£>.d of the Incendiary Excitement in leaas—Ihrc rV P>S»of th'. Inandiaries urrt Disconcerted—&hw'ing, TUs-c.i*g and Other Sentences of the TtgOanct Commit!* M-l ilest- . tare, so pregnant with momentous events, devek>pesfjt^l > Mr. Ptephens wi'l be fo?nd, as be is novs/osjThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comson (rcn cf the Judge, author of "Hal: Comm- and with democratic support ha will be elected.as palpableas thechangewhich, after theFour years ago, one month . before the October elect ion, there came over this community a changebtrtfc.T r a s is the worst country ta the w-wld for lr>o«.and ..uikards, and dUboaeet men but for tado«r •:_Kirpcrstesad honest men I doubt whether any be»*» >— . ... k. t»,aj Vn... MMTirlia aa.l kaho•ere,WW'm 