 Goon: detaw sittings af law taaMI Cooacii af taw Daaart•wetaflawLoireontbeMtt=11,withaspeechafwhidi Ike teUowlag te asneCouil it—avwl by» examine tba erstin^- prohebilitiao of peace beingTbe «r ather bavmg been fair for]the tost tew days, tbe and wa may expect some etearnteg traaacinpta « stock market baa again earned with oomparat e steadi hemlock, beach, birch and oedar round tin "Dana'aa Europe, aad aaM:—The Btopeiueto orogTasBsne or WMkaaa pratsaasag t»aarw saa, kowew, roatidtoiiat Ight.ag **-tba iitlathatyonhave aotdeigned to aamitmeto baatbeefleatusualtromallthannbaaay exaonatkiastoyour passass) when I had aat only uaasmuanattoas to eeeudenoB.wto that af adding to tbe dnlness of the upon a onpanion piece of tba » C M stake to you, but ateo to expren to you my immense af Bourse Tha f»ct of a further targe amount of gold hav tacky Hone " It w ii. he by flurteestoa, af whieh you have had as mac/ jroofi. Be iiat tog been taban to tbe Hank imaarted a tendency to Orm- af tbto arust'a very ckrver (te the Esgltoh achool11«o•atraaroinaryquestionswerepawdiag,viz.:taw iot tba last. aM tan* of Ita.y—neither at whichsrighttoGen.EUictt"HeadofCooper,'theonlygreat sadtroiylife like portrait of him extant, w attracting great atten-tion at wmtoma &Stepheca'. It to worthy af aba beat and the second by the Gtoace, >: .iitgit.-c^Lttrwars reading fr-m these qiwarwaa coatd cot so avoided they were oarrMd e e l with promptitude, aad law Emperorin resiling tbe object for wbteh thaw wars on. The testrriiB of Sevastopol prevented Rass a from, to the charge of as regards the war u Italy, tharrvered from Aiairaa esaaoaaenteto, aaat aha principal ob- i i t oa nbiaianil although tne Heltons jeopardizetbeLadeneadeaoswhich they acqaredio aente of tbe war. tbe principle of aoe- intervention,anwareeoftiisnd ra*>«' nmraatluaal sot ay, aawrateos a *o« j»a'. n» jiiaanee over ibe Inrtoer linTiilHpunaat nf •he viaatiecThese are tha ©sly question whuh occupy tbe alien- i «n ef tai ;pe ax the jtruaant moment.The aTj^reb-BS-ons entertained m < taw St JI-: frontiers, and toe tears of a scEngland,t>catmeritser—n<tiThe Rbtae m s o looser a strategic frontierto dwitsermad hi February tost year, would he earr>ed «HB SBAND ITALIAN SaTCCKirOS—TGB BZCtrbSIONdaya of portraiture of any age j i d all who gan upon it feel proudly that Elliot nobly holds hto asm.Jared Thompson is rusticating a; New Haven, painting the portraite of aeverai dtotiuguwbad ilergymea af thai city. Hto portrait of a Jewtot Rabbi aad Dr. Raphed gave great satisfaction to that divine*« many frtoads.Wm. Hart to st the aesahore recruiting for the rough headlands of next winter.Boughton, at Paris, to studying with every aid that city can afford under the best naaters. Oae little picture tospokenveryhighlyofbyaFreea critic Itiaawin- ter piece.Deltoasrd's "Fighting Dusk*" creates a great demand for those quaint effects of color, original aad captivating. thatalltruepictureloverswant—atleastonetofillaaaae coxy corner In their art collections.Followed by tba shaming rabble, tbe Prince than drove to University Park, carefdlyav ling the Orange arch, which a is quMe a dilapidated conditio. Bare ha ia.4 the saraar atone of s atataa of wtwen Victoria with taneeremoaiea, and than deemed tbe Park .'orma lyThree conpanwa of volaalerr nihtn, ana af Higatead- ara, oae cavalry, and oae of artillery, then defiled before the Prtoce, aadthia waseal'ed a review. Tbatreeas could saareety be aaan for the ramTba Prises then proceeded to the University b . .c.ng, where aa aodren waa pranatail from tbe tnrties aaM studeato. The only passage of interest te tin addren w Mfoltowsi—tbahighgrstitemttoawetealtewiliwategtoyea,law heir ef tbe Brittoh crows, the destined aaaeansr ef our royal family. to especial y aabaswad by tba aaeaaaera-i ofof tawit waa net merely with regard to Switser- thst airraignasmt had hum amiin Tne^wisaof all the world, for they ware not netrattheywareauntywwwaaV aaTwws* ^asFm ah ajs^We«s*sjwiiaBBl i-aabeasnK ft waisa " mly toSwitserlasd. bat ose tnst had retard to theof Europe. B e could not but hope t i e Freosh gov- wwaid see that tha, angngementa ki whtcn abe was a party, and tbe expejaalfosb arhich were held oatlife. Hto friends predict far tt amore or leas and in tbe prwent amas of unjust distrustsow being excited by noauie parties agsmst the many muaketo on board, and many oases of revolvers,Ettrerr to arhrm ! a a entirely devoted, aothiag coatd be morf e*rnieKKi« than to wad twoss tossppoee that -•apuMMS Ul . who is swely mtest oa the wattare and moepeiiJrLce cf aaiiotu, » merely tiujiaa; Jf repsaciss;aioB«\rr»ery espreaaed, mable to pat an and to diimrd and -rertamty. banausa it iwaaa <hr itself that supreme W« i- a a.i«-n awery good Italian ongbt to submit.thei- were ter..!! a. 1 the fire prevented fr.im croae Tbe plot was ao evident that prompt and decisive mea- fill u » • - I . ' * , ' tch is demanded from tbe Enper ir of ing'tue strdft; had it d e e n whole eastern side ofIsrtitid in Naples a s apsadilf a s peaetble, in order thatliberty amy be secured, asd that the iaag«w of anarchyar wrasioa amy be arealed It to proper, then, mr yentoknowthat1WBIIMnetaahafswt asmcmmmwasbof part aaammi*ar JrwHWvm wateat tb ptupU. 'Uatai f,tm s 5 esternai -•Hesssrf r"'om siondtonday, which aat eight hoars. I believe that therewaslarge atcc* of SlU.OOa, maurad lursav mi nothing U»-tPitt The Prince eoaaaatod to atop a abort thaw on bw every clime are ai anchor in her waters, white the Re- passage, though a diaoreat ten awaited allegations fromCas-ru.arImwai.,V LOSD raxsantotOM on Ta>* T^-nUT. nrawal af the King, aad to isiorm bin that, as Admiral, hewastogoaasmantestoanghnii ter tbaserviceot The deontea was at •*•* restated, but aal safetyfertile causes of d toagreement Tha ant for amending the law which nsulates the discipline of her Majesty's navy has established eaiutary rotes for tits adnuniatration of jastice by oourta martial, and for mHamming good order in the natal service. The act bearing upon endowed charittos will give means for a less eipensi ve admin mira- tion of the property of rharttwa, and for tbe speed:' andble to tears the amount of loan by Mr P .Dr. J H Carotbers oamed tbe buiidin* omnpied bylaartoh ai tie ; teas about $900. ao insurancet\ i. Kiaa, dwelling house and meal market. Ion, $600aueaed the tbrenrn puiaiy rf thja ooantry. That an Iiulnaofaims<ltdaaarntoandsraapossaintheminds 4i^saraaHiBat^aaasai^^w^ww^v•^•*i^^^^^**^wi•«•*IA.•sinafana reelill nftbhsatpfoehlay theIsadiafof*«<srai<4iri- beat* hi tebL. l asaaaft that a s s test, and I ease as arenean ter ItUmat. the ssfdmg of (feawesi amrtbahl; mt<htthrew themselves on the military, ar in any other way createadteiurbaaee theKingwaatohavebeenset semeaaymurdered'thePrincewaatohave been •drtogent.aad universal aaaaaga mvofced astbefohaaanperor,teordertodecideaathefuturefor- of tbe country. Sash to a general outline af this enterprise which wouM htve eatt many lTCa, possibly the aatna Its liberties, and{ states is doubtful. Tbey will run on the FaateiOL C>.roetic ,sb prohnbiBay briasj'abont in Ms i. ssdereaasaf great rm|recti*!to enable bar•ejiaay'sMMimrm masbaaaaaar regiments of Zouaves.hat fromhigh ThasjpseotetorsonthePartsBourseweredteeuastngtheeffect of tin (all of the Bourbon dynasty at Naples,Vraaau, Auguat 3B. MoU Le positive announcementat the Geraaar newspspers ofterriew of the Emperor of anstrm with tin Caar,aft which it was also stabad the Prmae itogant wtuid he pre- aent. mateas have bees token with that object sp tt- the present moment either fcy tin Emperor of Aastrtoor toethe house at one of th* residents of that place, in order to act with aaailu ration in punishment of tne onenoe Oae ottbeprasteera,ongivtag bondsforhtofuture goodbe- bavwr, was showed to as about hat business, and tbe outer threw, a man about iftv years of age, and hm two sues, west ordered to leave tbe State We learn they arrived to Savannah ay the oars yesterday afternoon. Look out ter them !Conoa Qaor or Noam Caaouxa —It is asid that the iJ»WHurorrvowrnUAWOLlxa—rt 18Said thattherotton crewof Nonh Caroima arsl be larger this yearthan evet•vet before, although the drought at oae tune andtbe wett near will mennrsMv shorten it. The Waacbaisnaasrjtnonaa complimentary notice of the test portrait of McDonald ; cool eighteen hundreil deuara. Clarke,painted,aawasstated byair.ThomasHicks. In' ThePrmeeattendeda hallin theCryatoJ rasace iin tha article appeared the follow org extract fron lines j eveatog. The affair was very fin t. As s t the Barrwtera' written by Clarke upon the picture lo which reference j reception,the Americsc todtoa carried off the pa m torme ftssafajr aasf'..m tba BNH af Ooaumms a* aha 1Mb aat, i * foaaasm from mr &. Bowyac, Lard F.Iaasotgoingisteas*tbehabatableandwith regaxi to Italy, n iHhar am 1gmag to liaaaa him the aytanmtimai wamraajsrd tslhafatma. Ik tamt at the beginning af hw aymauh haaskad aat aabumaeff anbaequenUy aa«mlied tbe naswiwa u> hw own •.aesticaw.1wiltaatterbnsraaaaaaaaahwoty m tbam. swt, aw, I warn u» aat tbs baaaaabla sad lamasm gauUa men rajas aa to a atight mamaaawpiwn nsbar wtucn he m* •*!» with regard tu aom-ethisg I am aoppossd to Intra said at tbe aaaaanag to which ha haw raterred tad aft wnwb1amamryhesalnetdoasibebona*ot*«--adiag. tBssr,andbtaghter} ItacermhtiytraeIhstI;.dtawsi n 'in wham my sobae frwnd the member lb*the arty of i*awtan {Los*} X Ifamill,) had oos ' Viva la Bepubiica," the creatarn ef the Prince weretentoa waaboa.with regard in taw fntnre, toratt toidempart af tbedstjofwreaslt would s e that Fraaae wouldwith a duo andwork atnot lollow ban into the question af tboee oaosea,as it was tbe duty of her Hajtatj-'a goeenunebl to prevent acch eribi for ibe future muter than to Investigate the nausea from which they ansa B e trusted that Turkey would take up the quesuai by waring aa esaSnjas of the otfan atom, and thus take steps for the maiateoanx of tbe tran- quillityofthatooantry. Bebelievedthatthesteps which were about being taken would aoenmpliah tbe pur- pose wbi:h was intended, for s enjamimion was to be ap-ccrsioaaats wiM be furnished with means of eelf detenoe. and with s view of recognuiug each other will oe at- tired to a picturesque sad uniform costume, (reaerai Garibatd; baa lioerady granted the sxeuratanttta a Iree passage to 8 ciry and Italy, aad tiny will be supplied vvith refreahmentt snd attire suitable for tin elhxtte. Infor eiatton to be obtatoed at Capt, Edward Styles' omoea, Not atltehurystreet London,w"C. Altpersonsde siroua of joining the excursioa, or williag to aid tbe same with their subscriptions, are requested to communicmfull rates Tea unchanged; commos Congou quitcd at 1*. Crcpsey ia teaching the Engitoh to leve American land tion tint alike by study aad travel your Boyal Highneeae^aaeaasj asnenrCM avwWB^pBT Wnsnan *M"aarBBBWnn w am tti»Iwaaaal^ Will pointed, of nhicb Lord Duif-rin aould be the head, to con- immediately with the Committee of the Garibaldi Fund,3>»d.ala.«a. AOnedaybaacausedapauseinthede-mand; maimi firm. Saltpetre quiet; a little busmenyesterdayafternoonat43a.ad.forft1*'percent. Tallow-Mariet firm at 5te , on tha spot; U s so. a 52x 9d. .Octo- Hathaway's Cottage to oae of tea best Picture^—the To this the Priace replied —3u.-ersupportlbsproject<uParana as.trforany ereaet*<wi «he might obtainsideraMasureawhiehwouiltendtosecurethepaaeeef thatooantry. VithregardtothaQuestionofthehonorablesiNo8Salisburystreet.§trand,London.Inanswertothennanrousapplicationsforinformation which are made by letter, s copy af tin foil iwing circu- lar to seat to each applicant —No. 8 aauBsrar araasw, Lasi»5. August.IttO. 9m—In reply to your totter of the — last., 1 beg to for-ward you tin folio eiag parttculara :—scape, sad oa Esgltoh scenery.Hw picture of A satobeingtrainedtertbednttosoftneexalte1positionyou areabouttooccupyCoaceri'jj|lawretetisneEstarenaEuglaai sadFneitbar af these two rowers dcatm to ester open snsn a mmabur for Poole (Mr. D Seymour), as to tha p>wera it•erristo stnggte aa a war botwaas thaaa w cM on. ThaReflate nation ispeaceful. Tharvntcoos Qz-m an<! theemiaeat men is power dosirs lo •t"~*i*r s good oader-tha Fashn to raise leans on the customj duties of Egypt, there waa an arrangement by treaty that she should pay a portion cf those dotto* as tribute to the %i!tsa, and the rsaasinder was to he employed hi say manner he pleasedssr]to Decenber. and 68a. 3d. a aoa. pi.. January to Marca.winding and willowy Avon glittering in tbe distance. Painter baa en hand a grand cmcep i.oa. tt te s brmue statue of Washington, 100 feet h gfa, to he oast ia piecesI a n at tbto moment a member of a University store an- cient than your own, but am not on that account the teas inclined to reaped, aad honor those whom astern are directed to tbe spread oi knowledge a a ltiasuiag aetween tha two nations, In new of ao manyFEWTOUT:HBULD, irrorarpiY ,I nisw «m J s assrUnne t *-:..ara m«> fmrSEPTWTIER 12,d.nKra * to tote the nst'-oaal causa, ••mnwinii.) tbrst (a tbe deaao^atlsatton of hasthat.whichfeetoitselfquitedhTereatfromtbeaawnasteypar acsa.TbeaccountoftbepacificspeechofCoaatsePerb bee bean sought to sake of me. I had a«u ti^paey at tab opsnmg of tbe Couaail o,' tbe Loire pro- rera" of the great berth woods.aaotive. not teas powerful, ter wriaag to your i»«e>i !*» astetauaa, although to Pans tt smwara u> have Eastman Jobnaoo te hard atrment at Pekin did not lend to any satisfactory result, andIt hat, ib—"tore, been necessary that tbe corniice-i navalsnd miftta'-y forces which her Ma.eety say* he" ally, theEmoerr- ..•"»> ;,renrh, ^ad sent u> the China sees should intended fin- the Prtace. Of the expected arrival of 1 a i v a o ; ,adirected to s Fren te gentleman resident in Naples, andtheseintelligencebadbeen communicatedtothegovern- ment, and they were seized on Monday tost It appears, too, that into of the names of many who were to have b e a n a a c r m c e d h a d b e e n d r a w n u p , a n d a r e f . • r t b c o n v u j ;Jptirnor*-o*-reNorth*TMpvvincesofChina,torthe envphVper te Hams Everything he whole olookwaai? tbe just demands of tbe sllie i Pow- « * r o ' i a o f g i v i n g a l ! r w e s t b i e w e i g h t•> in this matter, hat sent to C&iaa. ijr tor this service, i' e EAT: of Elgin, treaty ot Tien-tain, tne full aad faithHi .se present atsaa of tbht»a it wtH beproassbte lorlaaly thai a aniwt imhwai asassssssssl ahould heaatab of tbs intemoos conspiracy were illauaani m t i e toenail G«: neawL . h'i iimai of Commons—Her Mai^tysiimed, inchidiug notes and bo-it • hts store was coo- is now on exhibition at the Crayon Art Gallery. It is but Tbe Mayor of Kingston was st the levee, but oould aote r a " H e r I * • - When rerolauoc agitatea s people, the popular will Among these are several of tba Miniaters, aspeciaily De I t c fcer l i r • •••i c s t t o m y i t r e a l i z e s t h e h i g h h o p e s o f t h i s a r t i s t 8 m a n yDOpresented, because he d il aot give a suitable reply tob w • w m t r r e a o n t h e t h r o n e .Martino, Liborio Romano and Gen PtoaeUl. i »E »pr<'>*friends. It gives a brilliant epitome of twenty miles dia- the Duke's remetwtrsnee. Hetookadlike s aauicni edisures wara liiiaaaifbuij decided upon, tend all the details Ctetoa.the village touat inevitably have nawe-Haway* TheViint being Hoboken Heights, clear .y perspective!, in anaerialsensei the sky. is rich to eunsuine aad glowing ing the Priace to atop at that cit>, aad re- with clouds; forest* of masts cincture the city as aame— ferring to its being aaaaad after tbe great enieaman,same difficulty in bringing t b e Ministers to a una- dactsios, as some were afraid that they might ntforanarbitraryactbythe Parimment. De Martino, however, urged aha matter ao |y, arrasisiag to asks law whole responsibility upon aft length all acceded to his views, aad it removal of the Cwrit ef,od0 ui tnefollowwaj , New York; *2.0oo $1,750 in the Conti- the Resolute Office,the type of bar commercial greatness—and ir— la ofnepjfttoted with, and tt waa agreed that at she cry of•r-Wfc- Hi ..' ZVJ. tA delegation from Pltnbnrg presented aa address, ask-abm any sasn F.**>n3attnUa saa* e-ma*on my eeo- 'iaW4£i«i fBHUias;Pine A»«s>.That haafy aaaasto m which on artum gatbar m the r rTEE PRHCE OF WALES.wi-the Pnnes arrived I like a crop ofoaaopyandrafatasallof anbrelten, ate todto rubber east proaactiag btet fron theram. Ttei—«fc~^ m—. -Tl1 , „,,,,, g>chlldran hi white etelveriagly aaag "God Have ahe Qeaaa,"sad tbao waded hone anbreiteten throagh tin ssad a c tr touncle,fbi.1y*u.*libal. **^it)'•'V'.irasiof*teiMvawaatewteip- *,«l»"s{"fak'iteastetbeceastryalirawtogw>«aastothermalafamI osnaot1 ate as only after axasuttef tin order to em-hark, which I have sate moment dose, a t one bear attar te aatwadeto aa*emetretude; I ahull quit v'.iplea ao eoon MT to gat Iuto order aha pastrs emaettolts tab yourfttevwayutv.ayprincipMa merited a dirfor recompense, aad that the black calumny of I am the object to very aessnaanaaa to a heartpii Haw te ate journate, they art "•.r»-t•ajs myself yonr aaV.itosa* t1U*CM II.for denartare, as board the echo MMT htm at Cagtand. Tbtmoetottn will af.In arsuetios was Ibes propuaad.cer rttern* their propoaitiouto lbshto eeesuw ia tbeNr^pslUsartispsrsed. ajaring the aaataries without aayand we shall toon have thaaa afi hack aajaas, artth well Bedporttettos,restyforamMj reoovarteg fron aba arvere afteet of from ateeamaga. He is at tbe hoaseaa——<• as to convey to you her warm aaknowie.ig mean for the libera! aupniiea which you have grante 1 'or tbe serene of tbe present year, aad far the prpviflou which you have made for those defeases waiofa are' essen- tial for the security f ber doskyards and arsenals.My lards sad Gentlemen—Her Majesty commands us to express to yen the sretiucatiou and pride with which aha has witnessed tbe rapid progress ia military etftoiencyare U>.iehcaused by an in diary.Naples araiuId he enforced. On Martino com- whteb her volunteer forces have already made, andlose, $H-0«0, insured for $800 in the Phoenix Oth», Hart- ford.the decision of tha Csancil to his Majesty, whoi to bedi ef gpssetti bat tt was refused, aad be then arrote himtoiaare the ooantry forthwith. m happier liaaaa.> time Ben. Pstoaaba was mat by ibe Councilwhich te highly honorable to their spirit aad patriotism.iter Majesty has given bar cordial consent to tin acttor •matgaaml lag her local European force* to tndutwith ber forces engaged for eeneral service. HerMajesty trusts that t h e additional freedom whieh y o uhave given to commerce will lead to freah devetopeneatof productive industry. Her Majesty has given ber readyasaent to several measurn ot great public usefulness.Tbesetstorregulatingtherelationsbetweenlandlordaudtenant in Iratenil will, bar Majesty trusts, remove some Jehn PhaJipa. furniture, nothing saved. We are una-' to ohsy atUinry erders he would be •aal to totoavt! uau. -pro- before three o'clock In the aaorniug <* TimadayBoiMuranai.The Tf.-rikirt.ai EAayrise of August 4 contains the fol-angular feature* af the -honest old rail sputter" some- what subdued. aad an exprenton af face more youthful than that ef tbe original. With meat persona however, thesewouldaddtoratherUnadetractfrenthemeritsHe then drove to the Norma! School, which I U nc; a amies, aad waa acred by soother addreaaThe Priace next vmiied the Kaox Presbyterian i oJege, mcomptemeattotbsrYoteanata.andtereasrstion of tbe insult to the Montreal dergy, and Ito-aned w tb meek attenttoa to a toag aketoh of tbe atetory of u n Preabytorton ehareh, wbtob will Soubtawa be pub-waeoaboardhwyacht,whiletb•C>.inteea%economicalsettlementofdisputesaffectingnebprooer. lowingnews.—aad her teaady look refuge in tba assasssn Teasel af war ts , while, by another aat, relief has been afford,The pony express routeto reported clear of Indiana aa ef tbe picture, whichto considered s successful effort.long been here.tius, however, took ptoot, the attack of tha Veoa tbe Mooaroa. a tb" port of Castattom are. came off,aad Mintotera who would haVe waited te eouawil untiltheamharkatttm waa known, were antlered right and i«lt SoStrangwarstheappreheaeieaaoftinMinteaamthatmerethan <»* thought it prudent toaieep oatof his house thatnarht, and, a a l have already tola you, the cur waa vigi-toaft!y goaraad and patr«ijed the whoto of the atght Tbs ' her Majesty has witnessed with heartfelt pleasure me da* Oxea onfor the movement was in laci the leth,sadhad it not be-n for the prowidaotnl dhnovery oi it, tbefarBobert > creek, some three hundred miles east of City and the terminating p>int of Col. Fiuaey 's•ii* Nek^itaa traaps wersi tetter;— se»rPtoie,toywhamtheywereideli .'trim; to Hnwaa- goan Dosrdaateamir.deaf the Praatdaat of the Couasu, It to, be told ate, that lough tin aoHc-.uie. to atiheaaaas lite, wht te to no laager in •ife- '"» aantoPt ass, aad I Tsar Mitoaty r*i, grvaa to me te the totter referredit to n crmiratf • thtaga; aad that, therefera, aa a t a enaetttt visual a a dof ColestOstskill ter hteLikeaacoattowration, andlaaHHItihiInaow, AugTbe tynev n u t the Brazil, arrr aud will l-ave terboard CM am inao he Mwsltibl impatMmfy to teteh fete great original picture, "The Iceserga a t Kwaa Lay ;-Hicks to at Trenton Falls. doing portraite.Giriord ia a t tbe Sunny aoaasWNorth Caroliaa aad Ftr- gmto—In hte aaasner ataaaateg grounds aad a n a n * as - pect to see a s e w readering of tin aasaasaM vtows abaunding te tin Blue Moaataias aad law ptetaraaque val- ley 01' the P tomac sad Janes riversabstain from precastiaR.The cm-waa bad brekea oatgreat resuin obtained by Frmee, an<t the 'aatre T*»fca It waa soppored that if the revenue to tbe8allau was fully I. The Engitoh excuraionton will he provided with a OXTtL -AN FRaNCISCO COBHUPONDkNCE, by a aaw process, to ataad upon the highest point af the tesrateg m a aaw court*y I aymjathws withtbey throw around tba FTCnch nation, it m nater*! that distrust should have arisen in Europe. <m not asaaaa taw ceeaaiicatiaee m iiaiy, seither did ana oouauM Annto, to tallow the •ntai policy which led to the rating of tba Italians,nor is the taoawastbte for law treat'* whichpaid, the remainder ahould h e entirely a t h i s disposal, either as a mortgage or a loon. As m Persia, her Majesty's governmentregrettedthatSirBear? Bawfanaon had net though Sttocnataaaa there, hot his retirament waaen- tirely his own act, asd did aot arise from any wish ex-3ax FoA3i< ;aeo, August 13, lsbtre /-rises gtnmrnaa fltobwaasaaa ea routeforState Priton—Army Mc wnenis— Requiem Jfaai for tkt Bqpote «/ OutSuml qf Jeronv Soauparfe—Destructivefire at Pa, ekeoo—l atoii ami Insurmnce—.Ve-ws from Washoe, etc. A number of convicts escaped from the State prison 3 A rwrsaoal interview to imperative, when yon can about two week* -ince, and their Dames are now publish-Central Park. It will be Washington. the Liberator—aeon ofpatrioticHercules,restinsattarhtolabors.Page, tbe •Venue ' paster , to in town, and about givingaa exhibition of bia tost picture*; from their great varietyheartily wttb tbe ebortB which yo-i are making on behalf ofseieaeeaaalaeratare,aad1believethataum<Mpeeda open yonr exertions, anc earneetiy hope that the best evidences of tba aacnasful esertioaa ef tbe Uatverstty of Toronto may hereafter it<- foiad in tbe progress anc pros- Bertty of Canada _.ha war &reference b h.i paomhwa to rannhn) the at- at The cause of his retirement waa because t-ie auaamnm.«a jf Aostris upon Itsijr, i. was with tbe aaotiwa af was transferred from the India Board to the Foreign •»Twg ;h^!u!*asa * 4norsnt«ol h)n powertui aaaiat- Offlce; but her Majesty s governaaaat, Bonaidermg theirlearn all further particulars. ed as follows —Thomas Uoyd, from oanta Clara, H M. The excursionists aspect to leave within — days fro*this date. Three dajs notice will h e given to those Jchsson. Iteac El Dorado; Thomas Lawrence, from Stanis-he h a s undertaken H e certainty awes s statue to fortune who has ever nasi k ndiy smiled upon B i n since hto mat entrance into the domain ot' a r tHsnly. the crayon artist, to having a great ran la Bea- ton, hi depth of sentiment sad expression ha has sever been aarpaaaed.Van Beast, our best marine painter, bas brought manysecond or Sophomore cteas. aad signed tbe boobs geturniag to the Ueveraneat House, luash waa served,aad afterwards s levee was held for de legationsTbe Mayor of Belleville prnaaleri a nucitipal addrenA delegation of four hundred eitisaaa Iron tbe aaan eny presented an addren, urging tbe Prince to return. Tba Princerepliedthatbewaahappytoreceivetheaddress, sad pleased to find tint ao anal) a portraa of tbe citnanaa»<— which, had lawy oaan awireof it, wool! hsve aprwad ncmaacd excitamest amosr tnemThoa the alienee with which tba Emperor has bees rs- sroarnad war d-.aadratiageoas to hsmseU slena.Tha aaane ess be aa<d :n rothrenoe to tba cession of Shovrta»iN'ionjoPrance.Tha itahans. ajner She cnactnsum of tbs paaee of T.Us-fr*aaa.havjw solid m rabuot m"ta.it vastyontberetaticnto with Persia, and now they wese mixed op with Turkey and other conntrlea, thought it better that it should b j transferred to the Forelga Office, ao as to have the means of ba»tng a direct enmmunic tuin w i n Persia.going. Tours, teiihfully,EDWARD STYLES Captain, Geribaktito staff.Tbe most remarkable oiler made to the committee in London ia one by a gentleman residing ia the neighborlaus A h Cite, from Trinity; William R Curry, fnm Ne- vada; W.lluun Wilds, fren Saa iraacisco: XBODUB J. Clark, from Yolo; Maro Corteles.frem Caiaveraa Ramonalber aide o*the Jfcrw. Fm»e coatd sot renovsoe her mere limited character. Be enali any that their rela jaivme frostwra. aaei&g tost a grant Itnitan kiavdoaa had turns with Pcnia were now of s most satiafastory kind,fortunate peataaan of some of bis bast pastures. diaappoint than person* s t the Watt who bad alreadyprepared for hte reception, hut otherwtot woiid nsve Huntington to engaged upon thaaa famous woman been most happy to visit tba dty.A rlrlagatian naaatoatllag tha BMW iialliaii aroundi f 1 a t Belleville prasasted aa addren, axpiantog «irbp '' "fjry, repiesentlng all sects aad creedssow raigss. and tbe pc.:tiani ayaaam of 181s baa baasaut^ irted by tarof < herself Vta aystem *«a tbe gent or Kuig —rosart of a nolent transition, wbiah, b y t w o The altered tone of the Count of Aqiila, who started atossTnanass, entirely sietatbed tha Enn- ftrtt on the HberaJ, almost ibe radical, interest, had for ei|q..:bn'im. Since then U baa oaan the several days awakened the auspicious of the Ministers. *nter-at of Eorope that a genera! reconeiliv But on aatunisy last bw tone was ao decided is its cna&geconsiderable importsace are, inlesd, taking piac-te Italy, but if no foreum Powers iatereferetherein, sad If the Iultons are left to aatletheir oac affairs, the tranquillity of other Stateswill remain undteturrj d Xne proposed c mferenoes oo most likely to know the teste. T ley assert they neverHubbard is hard at work with some fail effects.He a n y ,tioa anocJ t be --»nted between lbs dioarent Powers, and thai France ftccaid, b y ocaimou consent, raaaaiimr t b e ifsatioc whieh oalong«: to her is the vJonnciis of tbe "oetn. flhe no kmfer threatens nor is tnraatene 1. Her work a ashwved, ana tne sibrntuo of tbe new Empire m ^xxnpiisbed.Tbe mdMnry role of France in Eorope w at an end. It affords m * great happineaa to be conacientiooaly able t o my mat an em of pence and prosperity it now opening for Esraps.TBS atCSUT FaJtTY AT KAPUH—SIONinCAJtT LKTT«t FBOM raXKCS tLMAS SUTBAT.that H was evident aome reactionary bt w was threaten eu. a\n/*ng other things, h » Royal Highness nrgod the anapianion, of the liberty of the ureas, the diasolutiaa of ibe National Guard, a change of Mintotera—more espe- cially as regarded Liborio Romano, who bas been ibe idolthe subject of the cession of Savoy and of N*i je 11 Francs have n>t yet been held. But her Majesty confldeutly trusts that, i s any negotiations which m a y take place, full and adequate arrangements will be made fir securing In accordance with tbe apirit and letter of tne treaty of Vienna of 1315, the neutrality and independence of theknew of tin murders till they bean I of them from white Mr. Thomas Fester baa just completed at hto studio No. 668 Broadway, a picture called ''The Age of IanoPresident. Major O'Rielly and was very graCijnsly re ceived, the Priace. eapectoily. anihng hte thank* T ae Duke of Newcastle asid be had ao reply ready, but w . J forward one as soon as possible.Iwa.rcas or not twir.prcc.Jing any at ray eiherents who press.i-BiimB—1 bare rehired yonr letter, and aoawer wnbeut ieiay The ac!y posttiona aooetitshie to me are •ocb as are anamsiguous and open. I will newer make myself an obstacle m tne popoisr wrac, towerar err> eeoua it may appear to me to be.1 am a relation of tbe Emperor a, and there''ore not al-together f-e-. aay act of mtse would piedge French jobcyalso brought into Naples, and a great quantity of arms asre written u> a t . I answer their letter* through the The men were to be aimed wilh a revolver and a dagger,sources of the Washoe silver reg ion, and calculate bow similes of these admirable works of art will and s rareprested on tbe psrt of her Majesty'a government. He ment, hat ahould yon do ao before their return to Eag- waa peeulisrty well qualified to perform the duties at that land no claim will exist to any of the advantage whichtbey will doubtless attract much auentioc.Powers, tired ef butts, bae on baad aa The Prmee aext proceeded to Upper Canaan Collage,sUegcrtc i'-oup, by for the most aportoat work received an address, was enrolled as a student af theam onac 1 nitail n;tb the 'IS'IUTT tttssaa Traaoe'•Ttry poaaiM* affort u> preveu* the eeautict. If court, and asanaaaton ia obtaining that good understand may fail to others. th« Daijawiai hrot v-lanos aafore taw owthmak af teg wttb the Saab that few ministers could hope to arriveof the people, and who was at arst recommended to his Sain Confederation. That neutrality and mdepeudeccesince on exhibition st Snedicor's Gallery, on Broadway. tbeeosBofthelateJeromeBonaparte.Theservices- IttoasmtobethemoatpleasingsadsuccessfulworkofMajesty b y t h e Prince himself—and. taatly, t h e exileof the emigrants who have just returned. Suapiciona gave rtoe te mvestigations, nod it waa aseertained that the Count had enlisted s number of menin his service a . Mass say, a piastre a day, and thereare ui.ee who affirm that they tbwnseives were tamper-ed with by tbe Prince and refused his offers Caps auduiifonns of the fashion worn by the Mattanal Guard werethe ebnrch af Notre Dame des Victdires for tbe repoae ofand to be ready at Urn signal iriven, and for any work as aigned them, and many were to mtrodaoe themselvesA destructive fire broke out at Bacheco tost Saturday, has proved ao good a market for original ptetm'w of the a belief in the loyalty of tbe uraigetcan -'.-:wbich temporary miiiatry ascia'ance his been afiVied to among tbe National Hoard, and tie everything they oooid 1 the 'juttaa, for tbe purpose of re-establishing i rder rnto corrupt tnem, or to disgust the people ay thjir ex- oesses. In far', many such persons have been discover- ed,and IwaswitnesstothearrestofoneonMondayic the store occupied by Elijah H< k, and before its pro- tspetom has too long seat the Duk*'» r*a! asntimeata f-r m Cress could be checked all the uildiugs between the modern French snd .German achoc to that we understandthat psrt cf hs dominions. We are commanded by her ?tcre of Mr, Hoot aad the large increte block of Dr. J. there will be a very large importation of that ciaas this the people, and gave them a wrong idea of hto chari-v.',that the paciSe overtures which, by her Mtjesty'ts direc- Bight isst Moreover, there were deposits of arms in t i o n s , her Envoy ia China made to tbe Imperial govirn-dwelling nanse of Dr C situated r!of hto conotets building,dames fros» eEtendteg !ur ler oi the west side of the street. MF-.HOOK 3ft, ed literally ©thing—so rapid was the spread af tht devouring elem(Iiateiy after tbe alarm was given t thatai.noet immeaeverai parts of tbe city, and. as I have aireadv inform- ed you, the Passiirpoo. whieh arrived last M«n lay, hadlediately in the rear . thus preventing tbepersonal tend.previsions duringtbevoyage,andaattotectory will commence from the day may2. Too can leave the Engitoh excursionists at say mo-With respect to the eapedition about to he undertaken by head of Lytbam. He says that, if made Colonel, he Comalc, fron Mariposa, and P. Marshall, from Stanislaus.Persia, it was their opinion that the extent of it would hefarbeyondwhatwou'dhetertheInterestoftheShah or could be permanently estahltohed. and they recom- mendedthattbeexpeditionshouldbeeosauedtooneefawould equip 800 ana, and toad them at aay point which Garibaldi might atoh.Chmeerm Victoria'a Speech.The Lord Chancellor, with much deliberation aad em phasia, then proceeded to read the royei speech as fol-Theywereaanteneed totermsvaryicg from onetoten yean, aad were mostly convicted af grand larceny and burglary.aeverai prnaners, found guily hi Ban Dtogo of attacking the overland mail, have arrived hire as reale for tingjuuevaluable sketches fron hts late cruise ia tbe yachtReheecs. aad Mr. James 6. Bennett to said to be tin approved of the recast doterbancea there. He couldsatseer auast: tutad. Frasen ban s e w >-onoaaJai'. her in- and there was a cordial understaading between tin tarntentiooa, either from *ardrc:a or from England. Sic baa governmanta, the Brittoh government being most anxious iowai-•e-»;vad nahody.Tha Emperor bas oertss'y lapisoad France in her '.ee:pniiitioao. without shaking the oocadanc* of Ei-Taken m s wbota, hie policy was pare and Qoneat. IfbebasBandswarin'tsiyitwasonlybecaosatheother Fowers were not wUi.PS to enrage their oan reaaonat- hihty. aa aean as it was peaainto IO snire at a tednue resnlt &<• enclndad the pence deairod by tbe world.fines lSIo France bas t««sn forced to foUow thrt rol* im-pased upon her by the trestws of Vienna. Aaotaer aoirtt sal aufirage to asajtion bis iwep d'claf and elect him Be Urupttea of the general peace of Europe. Events o*that Persia should be independent and prosperous.TBX COOT Or AOjOULA'S COHSPOtaCT.The following if a teUwcconst ef the reactionist conspi- racyo.*theCountofAquila,uncletotheSlagofNaples. Be hoped, by means of allying rrmari'f with Mazzinl sadMajasty to release yon from further attendance tn Par- liament, sad at the aame time to convey to you ber Majesty'a acknowledgements for tbe wel and aaaiduny withwhichyonhaveapplied yourselvestotheper- rarssaaaa of your important dutica daring the long sad laborious session of 1'arliament now about to cloea. Bar Majesty ~«"r""»^« us to inform vou that her relationsThe detsshment of the First dragoons, underof Major Onteton, which has been posted on the Mohavedesert,stCampCsdy,forthapastthreemonths,baaleftportraite," wbich are so delicately conceived sad painted with so much feeling that ao one who has once seen them but so desire to remember their friends thus admirablydelineated;htorucceaatoiiiiiiiiiaaniiiam with hte untiring industry.tberecanttronelae,detailingthetroubleseftbeoldmen of eighty years who bad fought m IBS, and nave saw unable to a n tin Prince The Dates of Newcastle aad tba Governor General could net conceal their pleasure, n tba teatesaahn was eoaapoaad ef tbe laadlag ana af tbe ooun-the mob, and by meant of bribing the Na.ional Guard, to with foreign Powers are friendly and aattofactory, and overturn the present regime, and then appeal to univer- her Majesty trusts that there to n o dangsr of any inWarren's jaaoasjBa to full of tbe rock-and waves of Mount Deseret, and we predict for this young artiat a brilliant future.ter Loans ASDGrrrmoB-We are commanded by her as laneMajesty to inform you that her Majnty greatly regretsH Carotbers were destroyed. B; the exert ions of the Pacbern ?bfine Company ac;3 the tizeas generally, theseason, aa well as of first clan engravings by European art tots.BBOWN'S ''HAY AM) CITY OF N1W Y O U AT SCNKISH."This picture, which to tbe first American landscapepaintedbyMr.G.!..Brownsince hisreturn fromItaly,and caueed tbe greater part if tbe •ifJicuitm.* In cheering tbe Governor General the people w r e on.y gtad to "speed tbe parties gueet.' for it a now settled that he leaves on the 15th of October aext. and m temporarily succeeded by Sir Fsnwcfc Wuiiaaw £be Orange troubles probaby hastened thi decwionof justice Her MajMty has observed with deep satmi *ttontheapirit ofloyalty, oforder, andofobediencetotbe law which prevails among ber suhjecta. both ia ilietatted Kingdom and hi her dominions beyond sou, and tres.-. weeaaatf nearly all taation of character The statuette ef Douglas to, in everywarn, snd affectionate reception given to hit Royal HijihLieut l'nanii to attempt tae rekoae. anlewi sooner or- dered to CasuD Floyd It is oooitcturea they were part ef ananiigiaascompany,andacretakenoutbeHumboldtto it, we think in attitude In the statue the head sadfigure are slightly inclined forward. while m tbe statuette theshort.thickdeterminedfigurestandserect,aadwith'ProteananassoonaathePrince teavas, butrecentaenthePrimeofWalesbyherNorthAmericansub-streetsofNapleswouldhavenearbeesflowingwttbhand. Now,aatotheoOjectotobeaoaonpliahedtoytboa jects. Yonwill,onreturningu<yourseveralcounties, tostyear;yetnothingpositiveisknownaatowhotheyIerealshavesquashedthisaaliableidea.Tbe Prince's boron have teacn ordered to Nagara.of aeverai portraite painted by Mr Clover.nan, who to new a clergyman of the Protestant Eowcopai ,church, and rector of Bt. Paul's. Sp.-uijraeld. Illinois, will however, snd be sold te New "fork, aad as Jtlly K-reao beresnemberedasanartiatformerlyresidinginNewYork. hasacrowdreadyto swearthatthe Priace roue j»-enmurderoae project The assssssssl «—»*««" had beenhave duties to perform scarcely teat important than thosa wi.ich have occupied you during tin anasion of Parlia- ment, aad her Majesty fervently prays that the blessing cf Almighty God may attend your efforts, and guide them lo the attabament of the ohjecta of her constant aobciiideare, or how or when they fell into the hand.- of their brutal capete*. <Oomeitk Vewa IteamsULacif Mm am ma or m s SOITB We are informed,says tbe ttevaaaai n^H0i«oaa oi thegut test., that tbe RegawtorastaIvorHill St.Petorteparish,Beaufortdis- trict. S. C , had up, on Monday tost, four persons accused of tamperteg with slaves, and, ondmg them guilty, werethe head thrown a little back, to .'megtos to tbe life. Favorable notice has been token by tbe Wntern press—thewellhreandt h ebippineaso f herpeople.T/aaWV; all will brirg lat^y pricesabout t > bsag them. They, however. imprtsoaed them m went the r anda of the proas some time since cootiiuing ( A Phttoleipha geatlennc bou,tht a pair yasv-r J» - aFKANCB.It to Mated that Napoleon ass resolved to create tw oBorne of our readers any recall to a a d ao eriieie that (Caar Out of conatderatiofi to Fraaaeaaaaasste abaaaaa team sakiay any steps which i u <irpratad a s an aat of anaiitten aaadaathsr.willthe moat productive, comparting marlingThe Globe of today eaye on* ter E tmuad Bbad w.n po will be enoeeaded by»rPriaanct Wilitoana.sa tenpo-a-yAdmmarirator of tbe governmentCast Jasaw Snarsow, oaw af aba sanwar asOUer* acxi . n citizens o: Auburn, N. T , i.Md oa tbe Si toe a i«n year of hw age. He wm boas ia Phuaiersc >>*-lami.Ob Iht pwoad thai tha desertions from tin aWThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069rftoateiaedwteiat.oftin dry.day, sad _ft> of than have died UOXMBRCIAI. n r r a x | i o s x c x ., August 30, lSOU The l^sdat Times city art cle af to-day aayi —can matron's portrait medall'on, admirable te seatianwt, aad which will add another to hto aabaaqaeat triumphs. Jeaaea M. Hart, tbe most ecceatric of tha firstoraity, isoil to the forest lakes. tba heats of toon aad wild. of Swiuarisnd. Bsoba as it any, I most he permitted to wr u these boea to aea£. tooat £0d,e00 m bae gold was taken to the Bank It arm baa Tankee scene, with ail tbe dnractartotics of rate.out, asd that aha should be secured justice in the .- • :•*QraafsdaratiftM Tbe bunorabie and laarnsd mam i rter Bridgwater had gone at length into other woesthms of importance m Syria and Iwiy, and be moatany that it was deeply to he tenanted that unfortu-nate eee&ia bad taken place hi Syria, sad he hadste> gene ism the ca^eea from arhich those dwturbancee bad originated. S e (lord Fatmeraton) w mid Italv. As tne country to somewhat unsettled, tbe es-" to protest to your Majaetv, be ha whole world, that I nave nnicted upon me, and that I nave the trial Bast fit gratitude I head thw Palomba,leavingttateotohtmtoreoeat to tbe Kmg the axpreaaion ot° the aaasasnaaa wbloh bled me to hte Majasty, to the country, and to Italy. I am,With respect, *c., LOCK OF. 8JCK»>\Os BOAXDrax Srxooxsa Mas v., August 14, quarte- past one A M.to day.Tbe LsndejB Timm says considjur^ble amcuata of geMccutinue tube sent to Spain is payhnat for wbett, withthis#xceptnc—thecoattnaata!"aaaaaalianotaoareatsbfas niulit hate been ^zpected.Thi weather thia moroteg has an improved appearaace.The Bishop of I/mdon has addressed a letter to hisclergy, comasen ling tbe aetting apart of sum •early Sun- day for i»ystg attention to tbe condition of the country, in nonif->:i.oa with tbe priwpects offtbe hardest.At Mark lame yesterday prices I s . a 2d. in advance o f those of Hobday were asked, bat not obtained, nuyera being on wilting to concede to the taiprovement.Letters team Odeesa speak of thefexoelle&t ondition of the new wheat The crops in Walla-mw. are very good, buttnMoldaviathequalitytounsabsmctnry.At Odessa, on the 2ath, b.siaeSB waa paralyzed ter want of shipping.aoeouota f*cm Castile and Catalonia state that when bas risen caasiderebry, to consequep.eeof purchases maw for French and English housesLo.vTXBT TOonrcs XSRKXT.Loabox, August 30. ISao?ugar—The only sale by public auction constoted at 278 hhda.andIttmroesCostaP.jea,wlhicbsoldat3te8I.a 3ito. Cofiee market steady: the public sales are going atThePrssideatoftheTormia Yaih; Oub praseBied a s addren, sad tba Prinee w n nsde a patron ef tbe d a b , Thw regatta then started. Twenty boate anterec Mas prim for tba hrat eteaa was won by tbs Rivet, af teroaw,P AHTtsy TO BCSTtlUKG.F l t l --*ICILT—THKThe London papers contain tbe following advertise-A aelecr partyofexcursiontotsintend t.i visitSoutnViNKKBMODE OF1560.-TRIPLE f^HE^T.thisnamiag,tojsjsssaaa violence a tMalaga. •*« hundred psreaav ha' beer attacked .a one oae of the Mothers of a Mighty Raoa—t. a, an Amn-that post and returned to Fort Tejou. The force consistedof eighty man with Ljeutaoaato Ua rr aad Davis and Or.Letterman. Several totes were held wttb the principalchiefs Ihey deny in the mo manner havingbeen £u*lty of the murder of the white men—Williams,J«c&m<ui and Wilburs. They aay that they were tol-tewed by iasttens from Bait Lake, and murdered b y thecommand of she Mormons. The op nion generally regard par txeelienvi. be culled the painter of autumn, hto land / After a long bant foe tin Chairmaa, an aadreas of tne ing these outrage* is thus corroborated by those who are scapes are rare with truthfulsese, aad rich with nature. Bt. Patrick's Society, of Kingston, was presented by theMajor Kstcbum. United States Army, toft here lastcence."There to now in the city tbe tost picture from Ufapainted by Mrs. Lilly M. Speaoar, walch was aome timeThursday, formerlythe Pactflc, for Portland The company by him to si Banieia. Lieutenantshasge or the coax way.ceiet rated this morning inTbe Prince then took a station en the verandah and tin delegations gave three cheers for tbe France toe Daks of Newanile aad the Governor General, sb pr sea t heartily Joining.were an object to which all the Powers who were partiesto the treaties of Vienna attached great importance, aadthey are no less important now than then for tb* trenenlinterests of Europe Her Majesty eomaiaads us to assureyou that the atrocities which have bean committed uponthe Christian population to Syria have inspired her aUj'W-ty with the deepest grief and indignation tierMsj'Sty has cheerfully concurred with tbe amps-ror of Austria the Emperor of the Franch. tbePrince Regent of PrutoU and the Emperor ot Ru* their product will affect the silver Standard of Europe. chance at their eetabliahmeni. (X late years this city wtuch a aaaae of duty to the Prince reqauv. a^-i ex- Sia, m entering into an'engagement with the Su'iia, byvery *hiriP**t >od largely attended the flag at tbe French Conautoie it at half i md will remain so for three days.that meritorious artist.Goupil &Co. arc now imparting some fine photographsThe people begin to aae that the Duke to not -o Dad a nan after all, especially since the pubheatwn >;' tneof the pictures of the leading trench and German artists,rivedhereanthelaststeamerfrom Panama asthiagent andanyone desirous of possessing a portfolio of tec Kiagttonlettermreplytothe Preabytertoa adires* io of tbe government of the empire, to ascertain the re- wfaidi he says that it to with regret that be take* ns-e-M. Lair, aeeuieer of the French dorps of the mines, arunts, to tha amount o f a h e n t $ 3 i X ) C < >a t b e o i > p o 6 i t e i u e o f t o e s t r e e t w e r etie livery asabi-: .i id meal ;>iark»t < Mr. W J. Caldwell,whfcb wer#cocsvV ibiy scorched ut by great exertions Uaco from Sandy Hook to Fourteenth street, tbe ataad- tion of the Knight of tbs Xneful Coontonanoce imaln.ui..yea.—te theGircental oiNew York•pTi'Uilliaaa Hook, owned tbe building occupied by E.Hook, together with a large number of grain sacks fee.; AOT MATTEit^ AY YHJt HOMY. OF DOTJ0LA9 ANDUbOOLM.Several artists of note have lately bees to Sprmgfiald,0 in the iioodhue Oifice. 'hiladelphia.Buftelo and Rochester, whose invitations were courtaoos- ly declined on account of wast of time.During all late white the streets ware alive with eoc.e- tiee and soldiers, the bands play:eg noisily. T J see tha delicate votuateers take to the sidewalk, on acoeuat cf a little mud in tbs woold have thehers of oar galtoat Seventh after their axplc; ts m t b e pitfalto o f Washington nt the maaguratna.Afier tin levee the Prince proceeded to oaac to*- Bota- friends of the family. That by Mr. Htoks to in oil, aad nical Gardens A nnttm pevOion, bc.ii entirely oi ledarbas been favorably noticed by the press af Springfield. was ereotod, aaM tin inevitable addren waa read The Though generally considered a good ateoaam the baad to Priace planted a Canadian ample tree, sad inspected theperhaps a little idealised, having the rough potnto and dwptey of aroits aad riowers., New York; $1,750liequietlyFarwb k Co., atuck of goods i o n , $6,000 insured for«4.oao in tbe following oiiioea —$2*00 in the Metropoii nominee for tbe Presidency, among them Mr. Barry aad tan, New York, and $2,000 is the City Fire insuranceCompany, lartfors.J. B . Daft, owaed t h e building occupied b y hlmsell a s a ttoaboe. ax., saved nothing; Mas, $7,0ue\ insured for $4400.Barry to in crayon, and much approved, w e learn, byed to bar Majesty's Roman Catholic su->i~-wwith retard to their charitable endowments. aeve-rai other acts have been passed, tor legal reform,which moat toad to the more antitfactory .uiministru.i=• -n By recent information from by Valley, it appear? tog not only truthfulness of feature bat correct delinea- us book form. Don't tJwPretesttnt clergy know toai i ethat the two white women rei Inrfhnte Mill remain in their pa-: brought thefirstnew?-.say-they submit tt tbe vilest outrages~captives amongtbe oa. The Huuaw who vebeencompelledtoreason ef the alleged popatenty of CathihC Btshepe i th thePrincetothattbeyreadealyehsrtaddresserTbto ended tbe day's tobors, aeverai items of p>->- grasame being amittod oa acsoust of tbe rata.fX C.I Dttpatch savsperiaaaan ef a few veerstact* ihst North Caroima ha cotton Sette. The soil sad ejttbe Stale tender tha cottonwhite, added to these ibeayatemhmirg aad the use a>othaffortUfaters,eoaartean toit ton Ttobte t > the IMwwue aad labiwllwa which ao asri oualy aflect It m more SouthernVisama, August 30. Lsetl It ia beheved that she paaajaasssst wffl sfwmutgate ipoUtical refome without waitmg for tin vote a/the moroarntoave to tbs asaaasaf theest apewtonwrauy adopting tbam KAJPtdat.A Vasts toaraai naem that the Admiral inof tbe Freaebfqaadron al Staples has reca*v*d order* totheatriotestaeotralitf and to do nothing any inteyjere wtob tbe daftenee ef Manias asjabnt as tack.Tbe ori*er te prevent th* departure of say more votsars for Etallw te defended by tbs miatotemi jdoroate s* foasd. Ha was sat near atera/ tvteyaartaf afe, an ; B, ing of tea difteraal Bell and Erereti dubs IsScram iesumry of&sh:ja,eisy.—The aaerosntUe cam the Boston TrmtUn of the lath bnt, weraagood desJexs_ajaatdo aona]Kcinage to day by tbe it of a aad event, the auicidW of one u theirbecca and Mariabeside tbe Jersey abore.a trest, aa— a s saeabirdeDlinoto. to saint portraits of Mr. Lteonte. the republicanMr. Htoks. of thw city Tbe llkeaan executed by Mr.The statuette nf Draigtes and the bast of Lincoln by Vote, of Chicago, are both inimitable as likenesses, havparticular equaltothe marble statue ofthesane cut It to tbe intention of for Gov. Mattwon. of Springneid, and infinitely superiorare in tbe utomet dtoNo wonder that they think me mad If mine to such a mournful face.So verv desolate and sad,go furrowed with afflictions tracethere was however a mistake in attributing the pamt- tog of tbto picture to Mr Hi< ks. aa tt was painted by Mr Clever, aad sow hangs in tbe parlor of tin parsonagebeaaty aad rich areaaea, and tbe l wile w n stew Pood ef Rochester Many Aanricaao were presentthe Prmee toaves for Loadee t a narrow, by «i*».a* train, a t eleven o'cioekT a s gentle-' whether they will acconpa l y b i n tbrangb tbe Lcnedresulted from tbe exsettle itasauuxe<imay be set down aaof a large portion of of tba church under hia charge. 0 b the hack of tbe aitiveiy leave Canada about tbe aaiddle of October, at Ipicture, written by Clarke hnawilf. w tbe foikwriag — November 16 1841 Cover's portrait of a n Wtbe only correct likeness ever pa-nted McDonaldCkvke. twelve o clock noes "The Unas fren which the extract is taken were written for sad published in the Hauin just aaar taw mipliiatoa o* the picture, aad hut a abort t o n before the death ofnumber asstor the tumanag circusBStaccw—Mr Jaaeph tewrCtorMa. gt the thaw the picture a m painted Mr. ing tbe ! levotutwtary war, aad wben be ana aai-> a > - o£ Caayer.aflhtUa wharf, a well ktwwa eotwa broker, of Clover had.bat studio m Fulton street west of aad joto years old, he voraaanrsd to perform each duties a- ••<• «*atbe arm of J E. Thayer b Co., was about hte basuie«s aK uarndurtogtbeforeaaan. At ton7 aataatea part twelve be ved eesa about India wharf, and nothing porticuta<-a tob««ar m the au«-e want ton tbd wsari atary. wbec.to his barter, a s found tin body aCtete aaapteywrimapsaciadb- thaanwttngrooe Tto bad pnWb'r « » • « « • £ » 'Untitled Documentout ef Broadway a w tbe head tawogh asneu. and aim wcapable of axeevttog to defenlwg the tetttoawai at - a * Pwee agataii aasostoa aarton cf Indiana aad to. *w ate waa entrusted .with tbe dattoa af a aaattoal, aad st. n aaws dasy, sa aaab, aaaaya teag aad w t i i a aarnt. •«. ne vwntty ef aatan, M Y Mewas aten esuptoyd ia w.'i- tary doty daring tbe war of IF13-UWa. BQJ. aad Mr. twsw. aaab anaabaas ef to* vabouthiaaacktotheroae. and tabu cast himself fromTax I ' m PABTT m New Oaxxaas —We aotwed LH* "aeoftheajpprrstorto*tothaateatwherehwbodywas mtheNearOrleanspapersacedaytostweakfortbepry a sketch aa exhibited in tbe wiadttr of Cotoaaaa's beokstore aad elk-itet general aaansaaaateatoa for it* strong reaeanbtoase aad peculiarly aad asu cbaracteramcThe Orangemen have decided t< enli a ataetiag o, <ulHKi OnrXB NEWAJ>«T3«iaY*lATia>* Taan n o .I Ssaa*, 11 last)CAKAD*. www.fultonhistory.com I 