 •**The wtaaar, howavarione twaada ware conasted. The waner. however, nade some -teaaw— years since b y a Scotch surgeonin the City is to be four A u Qtrom ihe maaoiactu' et% _f". *subject,itteems, became "knmtt," •••_>•«•£ physicaldifierencewhichseparatesthewhitefromthe wattknownsaaaataaadgoodtghser)m1»"W**** beenawakenedinthee*tetterdayabyMessrs.Atem blackraceissottobeovercome;thatthesuperiormoralBaowa,ofNewYork,toMASTABMA,loweat pncea • ticitm « _ _ f_ Therelativesandfriends efthefamilyaadthoseofhw and.isaahsittr._,neatm a rbyTit* r»rl** Rlae;. OFTBSSTEAMERASIA—JT~sBWAVRSBR;"reaotent Saver's the Ticar m twoI landaajMy- •»«" rounds•Tlrtoii Slasher." then held the champtoo's belt, aad the chaia-ngfofaayerswasregarded,evaabybJa frieads.Mpresumptka. The "Tiptonm a n w h o h a i l f o a g h t o f t a n d s o c c e a s f n i r y t a t h e r a g . wa»oversixfeataheight,178lbs.inasM.liI.and aost powerfullybuilt TheymetoaHalothJane,1866,sadthescienceandactnrityofdayenaaahisdhastogainaneasyvictory. Sue*that tawha hasproved aoaoaaafaloverBill Benjamin (twice),TomPaddockand Bob Bret-Tae wgaaattaa a* UseGOlt'SBHirR BBMPM—TO TB«BLaTTOMOf XTHTHCOWGBaWMO*AXDtJiraUCT.axnalgamation Jtalf could only elevatingtheblackthat"">ttrtbutesthatforthemoat ofslavery,a itisknown ader thecanaadpra-TAX Nsa.—On Wi#LWTIC camor«**•*"•»-•»Tiaf*TO T#AtJ 1TCskip,Mr ofthehighestcharacter,for thiscityWtuuarawcsiiTmi*sTAtsm*"* » - 1Yesterday,theatessatea—*»was*»*•*••"*•*fT"**- -B-S.Strong, ef Springs, New York, Lawa J. MruoBD to CAS—s. eldest daughter of B a r Lyman Tolas both of Brooklyna* learn from the latest sportisg joornals that the!BnttiaaBoyistnethTuritr u th^titrtuug Theoddsare- produced,aothatthelimbsofthepatieat,beingraisedor4 a MS favor, or wbeaerer the betting b| heot in any position, remain fixed as they are paced./.1 t-**fa' it » mvarality ••Heeuan for choice." Thfl This, however, is only the most unimportant portion oforiginal Sates, and the authority under which w e haveexpungeditfrom thestittute book isthesamebywhich weighing airwuthen scientifically explained, the lec-thev possess the right to maintain it free from interfe- turer giving the audience considerable information rence on ourpart. Notonly Bus,butweareboundin gatheredinhtepersonalexperience.COLAMAN-S1TTAWHOUSE.BALTIMORE,Hi thoroughlyrenovatedaadopeaedbjROBERTB.COUt MAN, late of the AsterEL HOTTCT080 D A WTJBVA TORE L MOTKTIOmO DM MlTBTA Y O UIhn. Yerneutl, Faure. Trousseau, itenonviliers, Nelaton, •slog aware that you are anxiooa w>rervive a lehune State Azam, Robui anu other surgeons in the various hospitalsamial of Mr Frwl FalWtan.i H*-«aan * represenattve ai the phenomena produced Insensibility to pain ensues.ymkm. tne prompt m.iun, r .a wtucn he concluded th*i during which surgical operations may be performed withcase of insurrection to sustain theui to it ; nay more, forthe internal tranquillity of the Sates of the Union being in better health than oa the occasion of bis first essay,a«K|i at Owen Swift's. ac<: iht; coaUtlence he expressea a h a country man. haire prcbMhlv tended t o proitucti u n a sasfs in the Bemcia B»> - lavor in betting ctrcies But sbw weeks ago, the SAOR-, anil even larger odds werw freely offer«ti on the Erg. .-is cbaapmn. »Tbr {olli)#ing letter from m.- representatiTe in London at Ixt American cnamr.,)u, au Ireaued to Ui>- eilisjor ofi rvJSO iSpanit <>f tAe Urns*, will bv read with interest at:UttflEeseut tune —guaranteed by all. it necessarily follows that combinetionsofpersonswithaview todisturbit,whetherinorout of the sister Slate, must be illegal, and subject toprevention and punishment. However decidedly I should lecture of the reverend Doctor. That evening an in- one o'clock.SEMI MONTHLY STEAMEat P SEMI MONTHLY STEAMER SEMIMONTHLYSTEAMERPBEST ADVERTT8INO MEDrT/MI HE8T ADVERTISING MEDItTM. BESTADVERTISINGMEDiCM.Tivisrfocit UOTII. COVEJIT DARnaa.> uuauoa. W C Itee. 16.Ia39. SCavan papers please copyillnea, CHASUBS, youngest aoa of Michael and Mary Car-u i sjaeai, and aunpty mtora; J-M: that I nave •tiv^ aunuuja auasntnl tae day of ike Saht- th<' Mhb.day of April next Af- 'a^pverstag man Mr. HouUng twbca 1 tousd A complete a gentleman . I learned ueannelT Utai saveaa aad•nan achallenge on tnc l»h tieuiber, ttatl'l q am-. could not elate mere aau an months from Jut Uy. i the wordag of saia cbaUeage. wtuch would brtn4Aorli aad Ma tmecers aa well aa nooat e»erv patn'awinrmg beingTaenia-t-nt'ensrr.wehad*>-unaif:taeieuaSjtaru>fixadaywtentaere wouldbenomeeting;est:anv.BBfMjjItaaca. The uiiaaunt 1 aaavrd Mr I wwiusu r r i t m u»etar^aiei I was eriiaWd m his tav jr. B e ^iiam>v old me. m repiv4to• * pre iminary auggeauoaa. "b-woul. ataud a»> h-^aEm^.i very painful abscess. Exhausted by pain, and besides *;.; (il*.' iQ every reafaari e=ir r{fin«a aft "iw w x i « *jrri,yand evea iirieraliy protected. ' h a t i mu». aay 'Jte ./.a- party;aae4vtfrJ propariy.andeveneec'ie>naiijii. saverstnatauoac iBiaj"wtibnan to see » u«ht ue\: t'ne^<i*j . meniupvif wttnj>*: Latpaam axid ba» bartena, ..o-i i IUJB^J jamg 1 imav nut; !>nSa|anfle to ^ayeis, but it . o r will recti] uld ttii: Hairing-:tosw-yeur recoiieetaou aaoe ««a acuw iwanty yeara ago; yuuj her eyea u:on this object, waa obliged ti squint strongtv,taaRuwy * a*aa taaysrsi >-oe mzv *ma,:ier. severs aaya^very and the pupns were soon powerfully contracted The pulse,fcaieianduidootopenhnBJO'IOIt•>-•u,aworl inrtng";ralreadyrapid,wa#attirstslightlyaccelerated,buttmmedesirable, it would mure to their benefit, as it cer- 179, 183, 186. 1«7, 189. Part 2—Nos. 60. 100. 102, 104, The friends of the family are respectfully invtted to at- tainly would to the destruction of the white 110. 114, 118, 124, 128 to 144 inclusive, 146,152,Ui, 158, tend the funeral, from the residence of his parents, 80of fiiteen centimetres (between five and six inches i in •auitttWewYorkwhoicanpuuit->u.uijonaaaeoau«coarti frontoftherootofthenose. Thepatient,inordertofixrogqwaggay regardiog t?e d«*f Dm be very anxai-mty aakedime W adeavr.^tiou ol hecau^a u re:»aro» weisat, aue. Ac.,Taedratviatt 1madesasL<jci"j.ad "oe^air.'" »:fata)tt'oe, tad 1found turnand bat aoud iady et-erythiag thu any -•bod« rouid jtMiihiv desire aa to»fa. and he aa a oojip n.^indiatt.y-afterward became much acre feeble and much »K>WT Attheendoftwominutesthepupilscommenced to diiate, and the left arm, raised almost perpendicularly above the bed, remained fixed tn that position In l e aBUBSKX49, 16, 18, 75, 78, 64, 45, 44, 27, 39, 19, 10.CensotxDAisn LOTHIT-CLASSC,JASBABY4,1860.71, 36, 64, 82, 36. K , 74, 10, 29, 23, 37, 45, 13.Witness our hands a Wilmington, Del., this day (Wednes- dayKJanuaryi.1H60.days.The friends and relatives of the family are respectfullyinvited to attend the funeral, from the residence of her parents. 242 Mulberry street, this (Thursday) afternoon, attwoo'clock,withoutfurthernotice.DoRmrrs.—At Pelham Westchester county, N e w Y ork, on W ednesday, Jan. 4, JOH.N IWRSJCVS, aged 37 years.The relatives and friends are requested to attend the fu- neral,on Friday afternoon,a two©clock. NewYork and New Haven cars leave Twentv seventh street and FourthavenueforNewRochelleat12'„P.M.DorGHKBTY.—On Monday morning. J a n . 2 , a h e r resi- dence, 401 Ninth avenue. SARAH, wife of John Dougherty.Her remains were interred in Calvary Cemetery. May hersoul rat in peace.FnxsT.—In Brooklyn, on Wednesday, Jan. .4. EDWINL r errs, youngest child of Henry A . and Sarah Foley, aged 3 years and 3 months.GOLD SLEEVE-BUTTONS A N D STUDS. CARBUNCLE. CAMEO. BLOOD-STONE. ENA- MELLED. ETRUSCAN. GARNET. PEARL,DIAMOND CORAL, AGATE, HAIR. CORNELIAN, *ai-teaoJe. woiy and weii coated t'onaldenox it was my drat than four minutes the responses were slow and almostnjriAaatcre. i thins tailing v o « that I paaaed the wboae avennu #StS 'ta"1 lt> P . •> at aufnetent to give you »n idea of n f paunful. b a t perfectly sensible T h e respiration was shortONYX,and all other kinds.at teastiiuraen stone ton pounds, while the Englah Cham.-Humboldt estimated the whole number of slaves importedinto tht. English West India csttonies. from the commencement to the expiration of the trade, at two minions one tunity that will rarely oaur of laying in a supply of elegantlingering illnea, Mrs MARY HrrcHiXGs, aged 89 years. The relatives and trisnds of the family are respectfullyFsettM-iiwithaaecesa,heaowsaptredtathehighest rmtiiist><tp<»tianttwaspsssftlelastwia Itieefeamfwathewhite,oartcharacterisethe tous.byplacingthe tactionofthestronger happtiiasstot h a t i t i s s t i l l terventionofNorthernthepartofthe whichha atone is willingvolunarny ta •hoQld have tried toRev.JamesMutett,sthte MABT'C.mtae.Mr.Gat .allofthiscay,^AnWa^stts—KJt€IrEMESTAT flU tWNAatt•€«,j0KgT CITY- HEENAN » ~tAlMRaB "* saMtVAgTD— •hip o kngaad. VUhaa Pisrrf, better known sa the Fnxxow Qua•an—There are aaaaateaa whoaNea,aged7years'11 —On Wednaesdlay.Jaa. 1, atEbn- The friends aadm agg rOSUTIOS I* T B I »——{]«#--**—*** " ° * < JgBSTISLOSDf»H-B**«W««««'1"rCT°»***»*» i|I»HI*BaCREaW—COMrAaSSO*OfSAYS**'wrnia * * H A R W W T O W - MOJ* o m A j r r x r r m n M i a•irwo*o»ru AMBAUC**CHa»rtO!«-Tffl»PTT-e, Mr. JOHN fn gerfies b y the Bev. J. K. Wardte, MrspectfuUy invited to noon,atoaeo'clock, oatfurthertnS s n F r a n c a c o . C a L , ofwtiiiiiiaTcoagh,areresToctfuDyhrmedtai "^iSoTa?* two',tend thefuneral,en. 382 Carlton avenue.tie—the two attar ranking in the b i t class of pogibau.t^dorA a JerseyOty betwas • * " —W* His height tsonry &feet 3H aches, aad weight l&llbs., a gate of excitement aad alarm, dad what teat couM ha Oouawwggo, Jan. 2,SBANXOS—MOBBAS—At Berfea Pout, N.J.,onTues- Gloucester,England day.Jaa.8,stthehouseofMr.CharlesDavis,thebride's Thefriendsofthe uncle,bytheRev.BamuelCDavis,assisted bytheBar. tendherfuneral,ateno Cornelius R. Dame, imnos—• A teas—a, st Brooklyn, from 139"A AABBBQCB, DAMASK, TBLLTJat, A? £L Pat»ar»Wnvetopea, ate., sis—ally st— eoters, at KVMLDB.IL'8. Broadway, cornerT KTXBDatLL'8—WaTDDIKOA wo CAMPm, nm%m. MLthe imewsara, *•«*»»• •»—«»»"• *** •*• TV*** and it remain.* to ha seen whether a a iiisiiawl scienceexpectedwhenweaaeministersoftheGospel ofCbjrtet—ofthatholyreligion that breathes only ofcharitytadgoodwilltoallansa prearbtegtreason,tothelawsaadconstitution, murder and arson, and the horrors ef aaar-viVe wir.agamat our brethren of tha Sooth; ami thaitraaaoat instead of being rebuked, hi re-echoed by tha nomical coura, waa delivered st the Academy of Music gan. Washington. D. Cpress,aadbyoratorsofastrongpoeticalparty,that lastevening,beforesaaudiencewmch,ifitwarsnot SHAW—Tr——AtUttcm,onThursday,Dec.90,byttes would still claim fealty to tha Union. With such things numerically as strong t i g a t of Tuesday evening,was, Rev T. 0. Lincoln, at the resideace of the bride's father,ae*leave««•••*•*tiUB•»"«•• Amm* oCtar'r**" bilistetJ*T~r BMM*'taw Btnioa Boy(tiMllilMa to aaTM SBiasd several day* ago j. •Ba as* »>Ssejha* *°QJaaaad with Tom. aayreB, the premJ!ammvMt <**•A**""* PTM1"nH-rort!*"*•—» apt be* therewith belonging The difficulties throera ia _i+aybytheactwooftheBuflAlomagistratesineodeatoerreasuafarbemgpresentatthetalefighttn between Price and hotly, hare beeaad experiencewill avail tua against the American champan.Owr PavriaPASS, Dec. 18,18S9.Threewatersago,ableturning sadtippingweretheatsourceofamusementaadavasthathaathegay,MBBfB LBCTCBX.The second lecture of theBev. Dr. Cahill in histo MA— A , yougest daughter of the hueDavid B- Mor-out the knowledge of the i-auent and without the exhihi Uon or a* much sign of aenaauon as is usually exhibited under tb« influence of chloroform. Doctor Azam, of Bordeaux and M Brocca, of r-ans, were the first to call the auenuon of the faculty to these extraordinary facts. The celebrated surgeon Velpeau communicated them to the Surgical Society, a n d recommended that experuneato should bemade, as they have been, by M. Velpeau, M. Foland the audience—which was not quite as large as that ofTuesdayevening,toconsequenceofthecold—exhibit- ed the most unbounded satisfaction a the instructivegrandfather, John B. Wttlis, are respectfully invited to attendthefuneral from theresidenceofhisuncle,Wm. H. Merrill. Jr., 313 Henry street, on Friday afternoon, atOCT TO-DAY. OCT TO-DAY. OCT TO DAY.hundred and thirty thousand. In carrying out the act Of ItwagatthismeetingmatMr.Gideon,tnebackeron certainpointiscomparabletothatofpersonscoming emancipationtheemancipatedslavespaidforbysnssnntthlc elothmg at extreme!v low prices. DEVLIN,HCDBONACO.,25e,289,260Broadway.requested to attend the funeral, from the residence of her R. R RRadway's Renovating Aasat—to Is the great eonSa'. ers puu^civ sated u a t l e a savers woula pomureiyjv•-•: 'J»e I'niteu'State* next fail TbAt h e will meet with|a warm and heartv weicotTSe no doubt need be eaUftaia je-i aa bis zood conduct and gallantry in the ring have)ga-.^d t r t u a a high de<r,-ei>f popuaray among tpjrt |•xementhronghouttheI'tmoa. J noticcondition,which wasreached more rapidly thanson,RichardB..WeetcottPlace,Pahsadeavenue.South uonalremedy.Itbealaoldsores,purifiestheblood,t, Bergen, N J . to-day (Thursday). at twelve o clock M., woha toe systoea renewed health, and rssoivas and a without turtuer notice The remains will be interred in minates sll chronic and conautatloDal lisrsana It will <recent visiter to thus country, the Hon. (.rgntieyj before At the end of two minutes the arms were placed Be-g.-iey wfco a w the Benicia Boy in this city, thus sato^ in a caaieptic state and the patient did not feel th •hi.-inprr--xns>.Thimintht-U<nionMeld— »U»JeintoeCatted S-ates. atthe ottce of ^^^pirttj!punctureofpuiswhichweremadetntherightarm. Tae waking, which wasspontaneous, wasprompt, aadno new features were mai.iiested.the cabins were near the residence of the TBAVBLLLMi H't.iTg, LEaUINS, BUCKSKIN SHOES,men^f a man. upwarla of an leet two mchea. and buj •»u *3 %, the caamwon ol the hea.ast wetgWa. Uia hajhaardsvVTtcrlaearb andaenmy whitebts « f « " »?*] •*—«ire »T-*i!an* and acasauming and he nvist be goodrem- T^Ueiervre^ whvbeahould prove aWinner;per*i*4 a^rtSrnaTw^rdJgam if H««Ban reail» aweteTana attitude for defence and attack, which I • a ^ f h l a"Attheendofoneortwominutestherewasa cataleptic condition of the limbs, sleep with snonnz, and a complete Th« eoiur of the paper Ailuaed «o by Mr. Berkeley thu4 insensibility to the pricking of pins and pinching of the skin. A feather introduces into the nostril awakened nothe wants of the slaves* The work w as light, exceptin harvest time, and time of grin.Ung cant.'in Louisiana,generally toikei By four o'clock in the afternoon youmightseethefieldhandsreturning home,and amerridrpeopie is not often m et with. Many of them are relieved of Kleecker street Holiday Presents—Iverytypea. a superbl^Zl„ ^nrrrhometotdeaeripuon. .-aversm:easthan tirt*en mincara w di'eflect enoo*ii to gain a tictory-from hard labor before they are forty, and on the n e eplantations, what with the superannuated, the infirm, thewomen and children, out of one hundred to be fed andclothed .there are not often more than t went- five producinghai..13. It is this that renders slave labor ui the SouthernSlates so much more expensive than labor with us. BRUD., two forty nine Pol on street Most of tiiem have gardens, and others raise poultry,describes theabove scene —rt.-... aawa oceaaicna the Berncm Boy happened to eomeLA-NCHATTTN — O n W e d n e s d a y , J a n . 4 , CHARLBS EMILB, or biliousness, dyspepsia, cosuvenssa, constip iUon o: the Im^teat^aeArW tea name anaouoeed. tne gallant oaronetaaatMahtrd ao, and he 4 ia*iy re.iaesa.1. us w m^uohiis «Sffaw^ateoaieewhorewesat. AniheapiendUjouagfell4a^aaSd mr uraittljTwho » btoaell o w s a feet higa, me*,l^Sftan r*Bid!v from head to font with an eridout looteof ad- the phenomena of catalepsy and insensibility still con nLuSotTaad then, both swung down to«etaer, a coave«Utonpigs scdjlhe produce of which is strictly their own. If near a town they are allowed to dispose of it there, and withtheproceedssupplythemselveswithfineryand little luxuries. If too far off these things are generally purchased by the master, or exchanged with the peddlarm. Their religious instrucuon was by no means neglected,and a great many, as 1 w u told, both in Georgia and South Carolina, were communicants of the Methodist and Baptist churches, and in Louisiana I understand th e largest num- bertobeRomanCatholics. Anycrueltyonthepartefan owner towards hisslave would berebutted bythe gem*miant son ol Ellen and Paul Henry i-anrrm.nt.in aged lti monthsThe remains will be taken to Greenwood Cemetery for• toVb soon devetaoed to the barooa all tae •Uteat ot- riaamaa^haaryTw-i quauuea. Invewagauanin ttes at havmTreachedS past, the oaronet, nutsauaWwuhcroup, AUGUSTA T.. daughter of J. and A. L. "Laimbeer. aged 4StttpoSta^nandSg«^t.hoiwttohi.fastwadss^raa^ a a t ae^JaTaaauy glanced for advance or te rouate,the, heauoa nov awanau the baronafi aaacA. r~.~t\m ^adaTyour posaonwbanyoutight" saidSteGranUs••T«a*tA a^said iha American ehamptoti conaJientlyjnencedanoticeableBlackeningofthepuise,aslightcaa- ieptic condition andpartial insensibilityTwo other experiments, followed by very positive re- sults, were made on the 8tn of December by Dr. Azam. With the first voting woman the catalepsy commenced atThe relatives and friends of thefamily are respectfully invitedtoattendthefuneral,fromhis lateresidence.No. 228 West Fifteenth street, this (Thursday) afternoon,a one o'clock, without further invitation. H is remains willSUV SO 75 SB AKutesd auardairf* were aauste beforo tea tooiUeriag stnae. Ttea^einuaacad a a r a . ^ J ^ S ^ ^ X ^ t ^ ^ ertorto t., pop m a shot from ta*hJ^^^rm^B^Jrtt tor fnendly naurs. of _ t e j a t e ^ " I T ^ i a ^ h . , re|TFt!_ hrst, until at length ibeend of live minutes she was awakened.Upon another woman the insensibility wascomplete atthe end of two minutes, but instead of the cataleptic eonBatehelor's Hair Dye, Wig< aad Tou- (Thursday>afternoon a oneo'clock. Hisremainswill Wahrecentvaluableamrovemeaanod tea way tarougc the Amars• baiter a r tirantay was right or wrong.a g lard, andMr. Gadatin. after the most careful researches, makes the number of slaves imported into the United States u p to the suppression of the slave trade-in 1808 not to exceed 300,010 souls, and Mr Cary, including Louisiana, states it at 330,000. In the year lTt», when the first census of the UnitedStatestookplace,theynumberedasfollows—COBSUMPYION. BRONCHTTTJa, COOOAB, SORB THROAY.Asrr " BLEEDING"M s sketch of the parforaanoeB a tta rtBf « m Mmj Lsh champion, w h o • soon tooaaal toe hteltifhiy proed,asigaaofpuginsuchtaorwithoarAaarmangiadator, uonofwhatwastotakeplace.M.Azam request*Wemay poawbiy preva uataraatag a t the present u n a , » append a b m f oathaeof hi* earaar.eves Attheendofaminuteandahalf M.Azam raised atx mUayasa-lMs,tadmramv*z*Xyaarawaltodjatthaj onearm which remained in the potation to which he1790—The slave population numbered Free blacksAggregate of African extraction 180C—Second census gives slave population6U7,497 69,411757,208896,149 110,072Tom aayara waa born a Paatooo, aaar Brighton, pbrought ID dlrasi eontaet \ throat bsseeta^uibsa,The lafaaa aaahraaa of £She air sells of the lungscccupnaaof abrtcklavor. toh^att^jWha could gain waa davoad to sthlstic porauna, sad wrat- also remained honzonalty extended. The sotes of herlaa aad boxaa were h a favorite Bfessarea. Hesotase-. feet were tickled, she was severely pinched, and pintqi!ir-d a ropntataa for courage and skill among hat com- run into various parts of ber body, and still the inaeusiIRTERNAt PAlNM Eneiaaipaaaa, - ihsi^ aar^efcra w « . <*g«^t»atch! btttty continued, and after three mmutes M Azam1,006,*21 428,631O'Naui On Weddeaday, Jan. 4, Mrs. MA»«AB— Hollswsy't Pills mad Ointiuent.-Influ- O'NaiLii.,inthe64tliyearofherage,anativeofthepar**"scaWandarasjalaraaadoofspnrnaf. < t ^f l f«TM^awakened the patient by blowing upon her eyelids. She of any note tor aneey. waa with a fcUow *WTOsn, a first made severe, toog uapirauons. stretched herenxa. Colds and all Diseases of the Throat aad Cheat, too often neglected or tntudieiotaty treated, result tn disastrous eonae- quencas. HOLi.wW VY'S ie—edies will, however, retard the complaint and sensumaate a cure.of Glanmire, countv of Cork, IrelandHer friends, and "those of the family, are rsepecuttuyinvited to attend the funeral, on Friday aftofjoon " o n * o'clock, from her late residence, No. 118 Ksst rorty-secomaPKSBBK OnTuesday,Jan.3,If»"'** ofJshn Henry Prebbe, sged 26 years, 7^sssoths—d 8 dmam _ _The relatives and friends of tt»_tesaty«tes rtmuectfully invited to attend the funeral, this i Thursday) afternoon at one o'clock, froa 170 Stanton street, corner of Cohiraha.naniedAheCOuch,lhr«aastde. « ^ a t l a j r a a ancbj limbs, and coapamed of great weavrimas and fatigue alter, ahout ttarty pounds fcaaaiar, s a d had asreodri a e then remained for some time in a sate of stuporfo^nt andwontwohatttes. asyscadefeatedhimeasyto wbiefa continued longer than it usually did after the iwT,veaanaasa4»sa«.sad ^ P T * TM ^ J * * ^....3,632 750 It is estimated that the census of 1860 will not give tea than 4,500,000 tor the colored population of the UnitedA a ulustrated circular. onnUlntogteaisTinnli I n f Geo—e Law, Ban... Fifth avenue. New York.Draper k a - , banker. New York Y. Fowler, Bati..PiThurlowWeed,Eau.._Gen. Duff Green. Washington. D. C. CoL Samuel Colt Bartford, VL Cel.Chaa.May,U S A .Rev. s^wardAright, Bow York.Bev DRLeonard Eaetar, H H.hua to be aatchad saataat Dan OHiaa, * wail know*altarf ot nrntefliyThe following morning M. Trousseau himself renewedthe experiments, and having placed a brilliant object be fere tneeyesofthegtrl,attiweadofa mmute the same phenomena occurred. H e remarked that the eteep w a s produced even more rapidly, aad this baa appeared inStates,anincreaseperfectlyunknowninthehistoryofjg, 1SH. hot waa ohhsad afttUv eaabliebed by these experiments, and I bareM Velpeau ancceed tn two expenaants a the Hospital de laCharite,aadhaveateoteenseveralfailures.Itisnot probable Oat the new agent aae>«. piot»mhty saed aav cepting m coapamatvely few cases, butit ts unposaible toBarry'scheapest article for dressing besmUTylng. clasping curlingPuant,» the71styearofhteace Therelativesandfriendsofthefamil^dre invitedtoatrHsawaa aad aawtafateos, aOfty a*atoteyartaa«iwJttsaswaadeBBaMaadaat a* baabathawin eawouatered daring has career. ,ttepray you, what can be done for these poor creosotes, who are paasag away by thousands, like mist before the morningbreese,leavingnotrasebehind?Butitisnotso here alone, in Jamaica, from a population of S8OJ90O a the time of the emancipation, the decrease according to government returns in five years t a 70,000. Nor is St. Domingo, from the best information that we oaa prodruggaa. |Da.MarshContinuestoApplyhisRadi-cal Cure Truss with aaecass., Iin esffecettng' permanent cures of^No.l^eayBtreet. W.T. berate or rupture. MAKSH A COThirtieth street, this (Thursday) morning a t 10 o otock. The remains will be token to East Chester Cor interment RILSY.—onTuesday,Jam.3,Mra.AXSRDJCY.aged24years.The friends are ianted to attend the funeral, this(Thursday) atternoon, at two o'clock, from her late resi aence. No 309 Madam street« g jwm*~***hrM*L LaaMtom OCUt»r 18,18*3,W$**» foreseewhatwillbetherotatesoftheexperimentsaowat. cruer of Wuliam and —CATCHES.-O*OLDANaekman streeta, Bew York..., durag wawc«sMtty^ IZ^rT^J? a_T. 'r J L w , - U tan.ee dnraiT WB1CB StXty-uut raatgand Waayet^a^nkto^claaainoaofthe aadte '^k«;a.2o naaed Braid, who wrote a book npoc the aubject, ettti-V>largeatand ate "S*4dMiGOLD eJsD.Bll.VAA WATCHESout ot an ordinary anesthetic sleep but the waking was mui h more prompt, a n d without agitation o r loquacity The anesthesia had continued at least twelve or llfteen minutes.the government wasabout 600,000. andthereturns gave about 100,000 free colore., in all the coiomes—together TOO 000—an awful deficiency Witn us an entirely diffe- rent system prevails. The slaves are everywhere lodged in comtortaole and separate cabins, andal. the iarg>* es- Uks laid outInstreets,andcleanlinesspreservedbya scrupulous police. There is an infirmary, with an attend- ant physician, nurses and medicines, and on many a nursery forthechildren, underthesuperintendenceOf discreet elderly women, im the smaller estatesGenu' Robes do Chsmbre-At Less than I Greenwood Cemetery tually eradicate from the system all scrol'uious andiThe 3ame patient w a s placed a second urn • m a hyp-the :;sth year of Lis a g eHis relatives and friends, and those of h is uncle's fami-ly, the Rev William Burnett, are respectfully invited to atieml tb>- funeral, from the residence ot his uncle,No 145 High street, Brooklyn, on Friday afternoon, a one o'clockhoMHAii.—In Brooklyn, on Wednesday mornine, Jan.fever sores, salt rheum, skin flisrasia aad all other i arunnc from an Impure slate of the blood.RADWA Y A CO.'8 principal offlee. No. 23 John street. N e w York city.A R.Remedtessoldbydruggists and storekeeperse——- where.R.R R.Radway's Ready Relief will tnatantly atop the moatea-, fi«»i 1 met beanan. who laabout tocos tend wjh aayers.r a?^ m p ^ n T c f a e rag He - a f W - ^ « * « ' ] Another patient. Ann.e F , aged runeteen years, masters, and «*he mistress herself attended toAnd evtrythtng desirable for winter wearfor "Ladies, gents and b"vs, at4. ALIANS OGDKN. eldest child of Lumari'W and EUen M. eructetiag pains and acnes, buna, sealda. cuts, wousaa, Kimball, aged 4 years 9 months a n d i f days bruises Ac , thereby rendering it important thai every fan-flyThe friends of the family are respectfully invited to anonjd keep a supply of tt la the bouse, armed wttb tasavoperated upon for a lachrymal tumor, now nearly cured, was put four times under the influence of nypnotism. This was the tirst woman upon whom Messrs Brocca and Follm had studied the effects ot this curious phenomenon In the tour exp^r'ft^uts the results were the same. A spa tulii wa3 placed about five inches before and above tne eves.BRuofa.,s . JT5 Broadway and 190 Fulton street.remedy a bouaahoid is always protected aaalnat sudden at- tacks of sickness. It speedily relieve* from pain Una* itog from rheumatism, neuralgia cramps, spasms, du cholera. Ac., and arrests all disease.RADWAY A CO. 3 principal office No 23 John street, YorkcityR. R. Remedies sold by druggists and storekeepers every. where.R.R. R.RadwaysRegulatingPillsshould be used inallfsign of Bensibihty. Thm patient was awakened by slight frictions and blowing of cold air on her eyes. In the xast ex]>er.men! with this patient, at the moment when the steepcommenced,MFollinsoftlyclosedtheeyes,re moved the object upon which they had been dxed, aadia Iatkeaesses Taken tn O ae Sitting, 3 dozen civen tor SI. by HOLMES' oaten:, combination camera. Old gallery. 315 Broadwey.Herring s Patent Champion Fireand burciar proof nates. 251 Broadway, corner of Murray street. New York."Wheeler «fc Wilson's Sewing Machines. MsTBOniSTBOOKCO«CKK5, ) 201) ML'LBEKHY n u n , New YORK.>Being tn oonstant reesgpi of inquiries from our brethren,re-specting Sewing Maohtees with requests to recommend andpurchase, we have, a conjunction with some lady friends,carefully and thoroughly examined die various marhmna ofpracticalvalueforfamilysewing,andfindthosemade bytheWheeler A Wilson Manufacturing Company, MBBroadway,New Tors, to fully combine tne easenuaia of a (food lnairu-ment, andsuch aswecan conndemlyrecommend. Havagseen so favorable results from then use, in our own and thehouseholds of our friends, we are desirous that their benetttashould be shared by all our brethren, and hence have interest- be token to Cypress Hills Cemetery, for intermentels. deraDgement of the liver aid bilious secretions.Iirregular acuun of the bean, weakness, siuggwhnes* of kidueya inliammation of the boweia. stomach or kidneys. A doseofRailwayARegulatingPUiswillstonceremovethevtinueu some mmuaa. During her sleep the patient had but a verv confused idea of what was paBBHtg around her. she thought she felt the surgeon touching her, but had experiencednopain.teenth street.LAIMKESH—On Wednesday morning, Jan 4 ofIn eases of fever, either bilious, typhoid, ye'low. scarlet, fever sndsgue,ship t'e*er.congestivefever,and. a.faot,all etesses of fevers, a few doses of Radway s Pills wULeffeeta cuteRADWAYACO.'S;nudpaloffice.No.23JohnstreetNew YorkciivR. R. Remedies sold by druggteu and storekeepers every- where.fav^i-ajyngsu^up^«a^gr\^»aV^etformto>ble Sa-temg -atute. toe Aast^eaa i n m and Follm upon' a young girl of eighteen years, ral sentiment of the whole community, besides beingyears an.; 2 months Thefriendsofthefamilyarerespectfully invitedtoNo. 1Sewing MachineThe Familv Sewing Machiae, A TheFamilySewingMachine Hemming Gaugesh ^ a ^ toSiont hia left "huncn of tiveav aaaoat at •arms who had a sore foot. The results were not ao satisfactoryr^Th . - Z m ^ T l B braas-. wah hut oiosoty shdrtened rights as in the preceding cases, but each time the patient expepunishable by law.In short, sofarasI have seen of the South, I have reason to believe that a happier people would be difficult to find:and insteadof pityingth- bia-.ks—somuch better off than the daily laborer with us—,feel sympathy forLOSG—On Tuesday, Jan. 3, WILLIAM LOHU, UI the S2d SINGER'S SEWTNC MACHINER yearofhisage. No.2SewtogMachineTwo attemptt at hypnotism jrere made by Messrs.attend the funeral from the residence of Wm Laimbeer, Jr. 57 East Twenty fifth street, without further mvita turn this (Thursday) afternoon, a t one o'clock% Y ^ n ^ m A T ^ ° b a r : n ^ ^ . a f.w sgasWlf jati the end of "a minute and a half, and at the the whites whowere compelled hi think for. and takeI. M. SINGER A CO., «6c Broadway, New Y a k , ISOFulton street, Brooklya.laiw-wa^urarnate toaaa about the araars attitude tha4ead of tw o or three minutes the catalepsy and insen stbiiity were complete. The woman w as insensible to the pinchings and punctures, and wasseated on a chatr,her armsraised,the fingers spreadapart,thelefttegraisedcare of them, for they are thoughtiesn and exciteable. prone to superstition, and easily led sr.ray, although the crimes that disgrace our Northern cities are rare among them.I might extend these observations, but it seems to m e that I have said enough to show you t h a stovery. as tt exists in the Southern Sates of the Union, is by no means the terrible institution that it has been represented, that although individual esses of hardship may occur, as theyed ourselves in their b»haif ABEL STEVaNB,JAMBS FLOY, DANIEL WISE. DAVID TBBBY,With best wishes, your brethren, THOMAS CARITON.J PORTER,J. BENJ. EDWARDS, WM. A. COX.MOONHY.—OnTuesday, Jan. 3. RICHARD Moosrer. aged 76 years, formerly of Kiilinmore, Kings county, Ireland.The friends of the family, ateo the members ef St. Vin- cent De Paul's Society, are requested to attend the fune- ral, from his late residence, 282 Sixth avenue, thisTHA GROVKA ANT> B A.KERSEWING MACHINEInvite the attention rof tailors, - a t and nonet makara, s s a•refer tee "teak stash seem, to tbstr DOLLAR SHUTTLE MACHINA^ W T ^ C t e - M S.wwT-aS aaerHeenartn^L'^f*J*:.,^£^«wa. t^T%»aed thro.t«h toe aoole'aS from tile floor—in fact in a very tiresome position. At thedition being produced, there w a s a muscular weaknessduulhtfnl atech would "sop it m . dropoed hai which maue it neoesBary to support the patient. M. Azam do in every sate of society, to which we are no exception,caoac hating ta wound the pugilists UM HsaanSteav.f yet that they are rare; that, as a whole, the system is kanda. wuh a •thsakya, aad sat down. - - gently lowered the eyelids and removed tne spatula(ristadoros Hair Dye,"Wigs madTou- peee—The best in the world, wholesale and retail, and the dyotogibe -roa. the ba/onrtexprsaad aiyUiW'vTM* * » ; which wasbefore hereyes. The patient remained insen-mild and benevolent in its operation, and secures to theslave a larger portion of happiness in this life, and hopeto come, than has ever fallen to the lotof the Africannegro from the commencement of history to the presenttime. ThatitmaybeimprovedIdonotdoubt,butthis fromlowforeheads,upperlipsoranypanofthebody.67 Builalo.NY..andKilkenny,Ireland,paperspleaseWfKaau.at. aad udd » as he has raasatiyj«»ted m^halUm^ ZZ* rZl\ that if he Bued in that way before Tom Sayars,uaf %lJ^Z> TM%d . a T ban^n teas than Bftean mautes eteauaa__waaM_w* h s a j s ^ a a dki«t^«reefsible during several mantes, and could probably have been kept longer inthat condition. Shewas equally with the others insensible to the prickings and pinctuugs andBo. • Aster house.Goursad ! Poadre Subtile Uproots HairCemetery for interment.copyMJur-—OnMonday,Jan.2,ofdiseaseof theheart,ED-WARD C. MstAD. aged 50.Hia remains will be taken to Greenwood Cemetery forinteimentMOORS.—At Hackensack, N. J , on Tuesday afternoon.Jan. 3, Ei.au, relict of the late Lewis Moore, aged 76 years.Therelativesandfriendsofthefamilyarerespectfully invited to attend the funeral on Friday, a twelve o'clock, from h e r late residence, without further notice.Mi-Kim—On Tuesday, Jan. 3, BRIDGST MrWHY, aged 55 years, a native of N e w Ross, county ef Wexford, I n - land.The friends and relatives of the 'amiiy are respectfully invitedtoattendthefuneral,fromherlatoresidence, Eighteenth street, Brooklyn, tiowaxius, between Third a a d Fourth avenues, on Friday afternoon, at one o'clock.Though w e stui ssBsrl n o opiidoa m i—-• — ~.!» deacrfce the; ticklings oi the nostrils, aad the sole* of the teet, and1Gourand's Oriental Cream or Magical Walker sheet, Haas, Brooklyn. BO pay if notBeware of eounarfena.Mm. W i s i l o w t Soothing Syrup. Millionsofbottlesarenowitsad'everyyearinikeUnitedBtetes tor children teetang with never failing success. ' smmvtlavandcertain.Only25centsabottle.ABeautifu1Compinion.—Laird's Liquid Pearl, far beautifying sad preserving the complexion and skin. 439 Broadwey.Batchelor's Hair Dye,Wig mad Tow- nee Factory Is removed to In Bond street, Private entrance tor ladies._ we only - w»T5r UrBnttey on the auU^ct^ andpilahsd baronet haire oocurrwaee now, bawansw the aeuomp.upon waking she had no knowledge of what had takenOn the 7th of December, Dr. Azam. having informed M Trousseau ione of the moat celebrated of the Parisian medical professors) of soma of the preceding facts, made an experiment at hie request. The subject was a young womenwhofora long time badbeenunder treatment for epileptic n a , a n d w h o b a d n o previous lnformamust be left to the judgment and humanity ofour brethren in the South, it may be, as it has been, retarded,Walker streakferred to the adervtow tern iinl U»' ffati and aere repeated teahere In due tune we shall ssewiooinamnsof the London to as when. tayeta wiU so easily:butcannotb eforwardedb yinterferenceon ourpart.rpHE BREATHING ORGANS.J. R. STAFFORD'S OLIVE T A B , ANDIRON AND SULPHUR POWDERS.ARE SPECIFICS FORDISEASE*OF1 HE BRKATHINGed the girl to gaze directly upon a pair of scissors,which he held at a damn©' of ten mchea from herORGANS. _ _ _ , WhenOliveTarisJntoatA tteMpaced it M. Trousseau then raatd the other, whichthe English colonies, appears very extraordinary.But let us turn for a moment to the free blacks and run- aways m all our Northern cities, crowded in cellars or in squalid hovels, In the midst of filth and vice, degraded to the lowest depths of humanity, sinking out of exist-of tw o hours and ftityf are repealed, the more rapidly is sleep produced.ata, after a ** ban, foi* The facte m relation to the hypnotic pheoom are ence, with no hope beyond the prawn aadthegrs^re.and bronchial anectioav Experience bavteg proved that s a t p> iemeuies often act speedily and certainly when taken tn Use early stage of disease, recourse should at once be had to Brown's Bronchial Trochee, or Lozenges, let the innuenza,HaaeaTasa^wai w*tiJack tJraa*, a ^Tjf'v^vlhoger, t J S k a ante, Jaae,», U M l ^ « « g several cases, provjog that the oftener the experuaeolscough or irritation of the throat be ever so slight a by this The remains will be aken to the Lutheran cemetery for »Rav. O. F . A. Spterrtng. Baaraaa.N. Tdiscovery, it seems, is not anew (me, having beenNEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1860.H ew h i c h t h e m snayretard,but andobligationson«f stedetey m teevag tor Fmgtend. t h e report ofiiaaiwrnbytheCnyofWssmiiagwineteemer,onaar.waa a aretoacetvod n u t to dmtract (he attention of^ BaflbJoaiuhoiiu—,whoware waiting a this amyto aathearaagabledid,aad,tttewaisreasontobelieve, theirobligationsunderit,andthataittearwillinglywould heevinced themost unbounded learningandresearchYAV V a i s j a a s — HUMSKWO! bytheBev.J.Odell.Mr.ISAACVASV Lyon lake, Mich., to Mas a _ a a HMich.arrest hua. Tssarday be went oa board the Asia about U jtlociE. a n d issaaisiiil secure in h is stateroom Tils Jock one orowwsd wish the New Task fancy deatroBS toBrown aad his followers, instead ofsympathy, is receiveddlficnlttes a science was most clearly discernible. The.Dec 17, byN. Y ., to Mtes aaaTAsarat Ft——aa, ofthis city. Za—SBA—FsAjfKii>—On Sunday, Jan. l.atSt. Matthew's church,by the Bev. Mr. Stohimann. HSXHTZsnsaa, toMia Bac—A Fxta—JN, both of New York city.vises* h » departure, catcs 1 parting .f gasssMry. assat ta preventing a rescueglancea n d ,The medical fscnlty o f Parte a n ao wpraateaa, to a certain extent, to do nwsy with the useehemteal uses o f the atmospheric parte w u next discussed5iadditiontoMrJamesCuack,whodoea notaecompay(heBeaicaBayintheAsa,hatfollows him.and baabeenintroduced, aadtheexperimentsarenowbang .UMHstnil sir— ' - r r in training him for h a tight with made by regular physicians and surgeons in high stand-withtheamountoftheturberculteefoundto least ostensibly, sympathise with them. But why should plasse. With the same ability which characterizes him A.IDR*W9.—On Monday, Jam. 2, Daarsra E AJOBAWS, o explain fully his theory, aad are w-ortavofhna aow got hold of something atee, wtuch, ustitag thesaenuac with theamusing, andgraufying curiosity and know that the great n a * of the people of the free Statesviouslybroughtbeforebisaudience. Bethenproceed- ed to consider the raaarltiitiim parts of the atmos- phere, and in his elucidation ef this part ef bis themeinsalJ. one of the most clever judges aad most eipe- but entitled to groat respect. The new mode of producing good, they have infringed no law effecting us,and inBARTI—r—In this city, on Wednesday, Jan. 4, W tretws.solar calorieaad storms. Onthepermanentelas- HoanaaBAB—mT,aged16yearsand3months,eldestson ATMs!Mwaaabajcaaata daHiavalid -7 ba-asageeorgb3tea| Had "Neuryprotogy. or the Rationale of Nervoua Steep, cure, an exception to the general rate. Oaadered in Relation to Animal atagaMtem: ' b a d theOfA.B. CAioias^HAaTaiOai.-ta'Wedjasdajr, Jan. 8, by theamtoaskasaa. and fear rouads, nad Barry roukon(« To conclude, Icannot but think that the moralaad Jan. 8, by the Rev.Suncu.—In Brooklyn, on Wednesday, Jaa. 4. Gaoatat, tieaenabledtoofl'J.»T«»T_vrfefcwang throe tears aad «ght mmntsa, * * ^ " * } * W •tgaSMBMaa tawawaawaw aw - - •• • n • n fcl g l l l i a s a r « • » l l a w f a W a J { U § f l B f f•wawaSiTJwm aMjHHBaW^ m a B s a D HHHBawal 1 WwawsawaVan > bgalaWOA aassaw —• • a ^ TM " ~ ^ TM we^wwawawaw* va> wBBwawan aawj^^aew* j ^ -^"^^nw awaa-grandtather,Georgeaball,areinvttedtoamendthefuneb'sra-aad Brocca, with theraauMa which I bare given above, rheremaodoubt.I•tpat^*••» ttH tia libaponJJWBT«t«e«v*ral. from hia late nwnteaos, Franklin aveane, between renderhimpredominant;thatrvasyfcaaahassoorderedBev.D.Dunhar,Mr.Jon*CAaaaaa,ofMiddleHtdda«, WiUoughbvandlX;Ka.bavenues,onIrhtayt»\efmoBmltcitizenshouldexpreahisopinionaapublic anoaehasarteea,aad»myapologyforthaT h e d a n g e r o u s a a d d i s l o y a l d o c t r i n e s w h i c h , f o r ofyeara,havebeendisseminatedbyapoliticalaadre ugwusactamongaaenthesubjectofslavery,have cul- minated inanopenattempttoexciterebeflton aad insur- rectionamongthecoloredpapulationof Virginia aadtha whole Southern section of our common Conakry la aow ateproductiveofmorereal NewYork,taMan&*•_*F haseverbeforeexiste1.sat haditbeenmylot,I GOUV. E^OIBLE,Caaalllaa»before aaought weto be aflwmtehed that allMwaashould openhi every respect, as fsspeceabte sad rittrnlaatk The reverendgentleman,whowaameatcordtellyreceived, beganby reviewing theprincipalpomtsofbatfirstC&AXLBSB. fisuw, ofNewYork,h>Mi«>Wa»i A.daagluter ofJonathan6.Tiff,Bad.wheretheinstitutionof stoveryexist bealienatedfromaa—thattheyshouldpreferuAteo.sttheabovetinasadaace,bytheabove. WILLIAM F. Ca——fi>—. of New York,ratisttapsrantiftrworldnfPbrts Thstimmrnirhambag havag, however, been pretty weal used op, Parte separation to what moat appear to t h m » treacherous lecture, aad with great eloquence aad simplicity ateo daughter of Jonathan <X Tiff,onton* W ho could doubt the decision of a brave aad discoursed oa the grant tews which he had pre-generouspeopleaaderthefeelingofsuchwrong?Weof the Union remain true to the constitution, aad to allthey render their support against negro insurrection than He waa taaw frsipaatty hadly applauded, especially whanthe loveoftta marvellous,promtenstoteaaaataapopularwill beattendedwith mora impomni and baaeacml ro foreign invasion-that the abortive attempt of John his vary popular aad tactic mode of expounding abstruse the Rev. John Thomson, Miami A Wnaos, of NewburgThese eetecrated Canto, at behadst3WBroadway,corneroBffTaaae.the blood of the patient he determine^ *here with m much abhorrence a to Virginia a a t f ; b u t itin expertnanting upon a new method of anesthesia, which is difficult to convince our Southern Brethren that in the lecturer's usual simple yet brilliant style. Thesuch is the predominant sentiment of our people, when ofchloroformm surgical operations sadasthesystem wesufferthediatribesoffanatics andabofitionteatogohetghth aad motion of tha atmosphere next caae under review,andtaetthatratteasoftheRev.Dr.beingsosimple and yetso teaattful, drew forth the most uproarious ap-uncontradicted, and sustain men inhigh places whs, atDied.we eater apon a crusade against the institutions of our in everything he attempts. Dr.Cahill continued to explain New York city, aged 82 yeara.j^raaiev. a October, ISM. the ssrvtoa of Jack Met ing, the statement* of the results are not only of marest, sister States ? They have done us no injury, but great the difference existing between air and wind, tropical cur- Hte remains will be aken to Newburyport for burial.the afflicted. They are fneaoeiimenintheKasiten rug,have been retainedtop-rt H^eoan ta the fluent pusetible sate of preparationto, the great tigat on the loth of April next. He will also object before the eyes of the person upon whom the expert borne themselves strictly within the limits of the consti facts, and in relation to Ma height, uses and intention, he The relatives aad friends of the family are invited tobanoothat oceaawn,an he is considered byfar manintaat capa«aty to be found tn England; lyMatLangtam. theonlynanwhohashitherto SsWSjtssflayers,willaaaau tonininedlscnargeofthosoMortant aoUas.Toexplainmoreperfectlyto of air. he dwelt forattend the funeral, oa Friday morning, atteno'clock, fromtheresidenceofbislatefather,86Perrystreet.BBOOKS—On Wednesday, Jsa. 4, JOHBPHMKSAOC*—, youngestdaughterofGeorgeKaadGeorgina D.Brooks, aged nearly tw o years.Thefriendsoftheaany areinvitedtoattendthefune- ralservices,withoutfarthernotice,a 178 Wast Twenty first street, on Friday afternoon, a two o'clockBannan.—On Wednesday, Jaa 4 , Joan B. Wrtua, infant son of Andrew aad Charlotte Bender, aged 1 year 1 month and 2 2 days.of the feet cured wttheufsteep and tneenstbiluy consists in pacing a small, brilliantmaintaining their rights upon the floor of Congress havemeatistobemade,afew mcheabeforetherootofthenoae, ao that thepatient cannot regardit without squinting Theeyesbeingflxeduponthisobject,thepupilslmmedi stelycommence contracting, butsoon afterwarddilate, and tn from o n e to five minutes a state o f catalepsy i3tation, which a party with u s . happily small, would over-step Bythatgreat Instrument,thecommonbondofourcountry, they, a s well a s w e , are secured in th e establishmentandmaintenenoeofourowndomesticinstitutions.At its adoption slavery existed throughout the thirteen-INOt—CD NAILAbe opposed to the restoration of slavery in m y own State,I feel that in this case w e are the aggressors, and that allmysympathiesarewiththeSouth Withthemtheques-tion is not whether slavery be right or wrong in the abstract—whether it be consistent with the interests ofhumanity to emancipate from four and a quarter to fourand a half millions of ignorant slaves, unaccustomed to StTPsmoR COTST—Part 1—Nos 1, 15, 123, 125, 127, CARROLL—On Tuesday, Jam. 3, after a short aad severeBfojor waat inuiapu-eri reiaav^ u> the otyect of my viait to Unapiaoi. I will foreajo all c«np !:to«'uxa arul aeaenptioos of liiiae* of Harts. Hypnotism is the great subject of the and incapable of self government—whether, if otherwise 147, 151, 153, 159. 161, 163, 196. 166, 167. 171, 173, 177, roll.day sad laving witnessed the experiments referred to below, a. the Hospital Seeker and the HotOi IWu, I can vouch tor the perfect accuracy of their description.population, and the desolation of the country. With them it involves life and death and the dearest inte- rests of man. It is. therefore, not a question for argument,160. 164.CO-MHOS PTMAS.—Part 1 — Nos. 65, 84, 86, 88, 89, 90,West Broadway, this (Thursday) afternoon, at two o'clock. CHAPMAN —On W ednesday, Jam. 4, BXNIABUN H CHAP91. 94 to 101, inclusive. mente.lupon,itranslate from theGazette den Hopiiaux butaction:anditbehooves every right minded mantn 78, 80,81,82.83.Part 2—Nos. 67 to 76, inclusive,The follow in*: description of the cases already expert The arst case mentioned is communicated by M BroccaVAN, aged &9 years.Hisrelativesandfriendsarerespectfullyinvited toat- thisclimate. Itissofixedthatttwill notlose bulkbyto the Surisieal Society. The tirst subjest. says the Ga mitt, wa<a woman twenty four years of age. who had a iarg" D'ira on her back and lower limbs, with a large andThie Erratwlmgfs ad*the S Conachdaied Lotteries of Delaware.x County madPacific o'clock termentstreet, Brooklyn, o n Friday afternoon, a t o n e H is remains will b e token to Greenwood for in-ver> obstinate, this woman dreaded very much th9 open- ingof theabscess. Shewastoid thatshewastobeput to sleep, A little copper cylinder was placed at a distanceFRANCS, BROADHENT3 A CO.taaa.The Legislature of the Slate of Delaware, at Ms last session, bavteg given to France. Broadbente A tie. a lottery contract for twentv yeara, w e the utderslgued Coaatissiooen appointed by tee trovamor of said Sate to superintend the drawings of said lottery, do hereby certify that the following are the num-CoRCOBAS.—At Newark, N. J/, ef scarlet fever, KATE. only daughter of Sophia and D. J Corcoran, aged 21 yeara.CorkpaperspleaeecopyCFTODNGB.—on Saturday, Dee. 31.1859. DELIA E-, daugh- ter of Chas. Cummtngs. aged 1H years, 4 months and 13 days, fformerly of Howard, N. Y .)Steuben county papers pleaee espy.f medicated it cannot injure acy one. not even an •" "luxurv wtuch no cue »houl/i be without1 .oiio sheets. 11. C0C sheets. M centoFor sale by all druggists anc at the depots, 41>(Itappjeejaiion of haaacevty. Mr C. haa a.-companie<j nun 1*»J and quick. At the end of live minutes M. Foiiin pricked the South, and will oiler some facte for your considera- L.Jis ahfl -o day, and rendered me every aaawianm Moat the st'.n of the left arm, which was still remaining in a tion..he will mention me m oia ieuer to »ou. Toqj verticalposition. Another puncture whichdrew"blood Nowhitenanamongus.however lowhisposition*tnhe see that I obtained our day within tared wks unnoticed by the patient The right arm was society. but considers the negro to be of inferior race toFor sale low, byGEO. C. ALLEN, 4L5 BroadsjregardtothesurprisementionedinlastBnT,liikthat placed in the same ptaition as the other,and ldidnotincreasethe•taaee. ItoldMr. Saver*andaid ihe abscess was uncovered, the patient making no I tha: Mr Beeaan had no money to give them, liecouidilget 1U)ioTOaad *J, and.u would be loonaa to useaeni resistance, but saying very tranquilly that they were go liftrtypercentoneverydodarhemighibet Theyweed ingtohurther. Attile end of seven minutesfromthehimself,hiscolor,hisphysiognomyandhiswholephysi- cal formation. characterize him to b e of a different organi- zation . and separates him from us. Hisfreedom does not raise b is social position, and our laws, both State and fede- ral, depnve him of everyV attribute of citizenship except protection; in moat respects h e is n o better than the slave, and in many be is worse. In all ages the negro has been a slave. butnowhere has slavery ever existed in a form> >Comnualoaera.d with the argoaaent. and 1told gayer* if Heeoaa,even np I woxild hwanreha having the preference. 1 Iwrae you a kager letter but have u< mat! H in haste.jffmy fed**w pasaeogera waa » Mr. A . C-jnmmodore,,deairedmetoon;,anCaot.Peel(nephewoftheAt*were,witacuttheleastdisplacement,andretainedtheir ». Premier of Kngtand . a j;reat friend of Nat, Uauc-JIaidao.andfoundhe»wuhnuregimen,atitaer positionforseveralminutesafterward. Twominutessbx'-ilacamp of «l.ut<U men outl»at oromiasd tobrin^eight after, theposition wasstill thesame; theeyes were wideor t i gaen down to thttr camp to spar fbr the omcers, aad aq ly open and slightly moistened, the face wan motion" Bdiatdoionsi inswif on oiy gumg down wuh him aad intnodne- ass, the pulse as before the experiment, the respirationis - iwtto the handir^r" captain. I have found lack Mc IVniaid perfectly free, the patient remaining insensible. The k itFRANCE, BROADBKNTS A CO.. Wtatington, Delaware.•'HP"' •--Drat* ins* of tae Deistware State Lotte- ra*.—WOoD, atDDY A CO.. Managers.DBLAWAaa, GXOBGIA, KESTroCKV AJTD MOBOCBI STATZ LOTTBKUS.DzxAwiBB— EXTRA CLASS NO. 5, JAXCART 4. l-«60.a:ir»3ate.Moataadaobernana,andwuiarrangewithhtmto»uia properniareu>train. Ihave aivenMr^JX>wLiaii'-hacaa. gBt> ao that ail oar munev i» up. and enCToaexTvan wtlJl»ualgaeataiWe-a. IdiditbelnrelayersandhaoacSer*.and]to,da*J might poeaabiy tone it. and, aa ae aonatoer. it hi*Jheelwasraisedandrenamed suspended tntheair.and the cataleptic condition of the limbs continued.MBroccanow took awaythecoppercylinder,which all this u a e had been kept before the eyes of the patient. He then gently rubbed the eyelids andblew upon them, upon which the patient moved slightly and wasasitel if anything bad been done to her. to which she replied,133Lota,LylaerBetwaa BUtaand zTSh streets, Broadway and Harlem river—Bebag the balance of the srreat aaie ef the M7 lots of the Drcfcmaa es- tate, which ware net sold en Thursday, tor want of time, will ptwstaveiy be sold by A . J. Bi.KKCKRR. SON t CO. nOUR MUSICAL FRIENDNO. SBNOWREADY.PRICE TEN CANTAContains three charming Songs, one Serenade and one Bs mance, arranged for the pianoforte. Bound volumes 1 Z a n S. in handaowie_ttt cloth eases, comprising S3I wantediobe verv earaful wnhu. Wiantngyou a oo, NewYear,Iremain,amcereryyours,Ac,rvt FB&D. yALKLAMD.HAMMOND—In Brooklyn, on Wednesday. Jan. 4. JruAA , wile of Dr. C B. Hanamond, and daaghter of Senter pages- Prase S3 to eaoh For sale everiywherecommencement of the experiment, M. Follin opened theabscess A low cry,which continued lea than a second,was the only sign of reaction which the patient gaveThere was not the slightest quivering in the muscles ofthe face or the limbs, and the two arms remained a they so mild and beneficent as that of the United Sates; no-Funeral this day. a twelve o'clock, from Washington 78,70.71.54.69.46.13,23,30,53,16.34,41. avenue,westside,fifthhousesouthofLafayetteavenue.soother source we learn that a the meetag BM that she knew of nothing Up to this Uae the threewhich rormerly existed in the British West Indies, wherea country establishment is still called a pen, from theprison in which the slaves were always confined far thenight, or in Cuba, where the same practice still prevailson all the larger estates, and to which even the Chinese,who, underfalsepretences,andtothedisgraceofhumacity.havebeeninducedtoemigrate, areequallysubjected UndersuchcircumstancesanynaturalincreaseKxchange.Gent'* Dreas Hats a a d Luadies' Fancy Furs. WHITE, hatter, 216 Broadway, opposite 8 t Paul's Church.ACard. ByarrangementtheentirestockofWinterClothingandM Giddings, aged 3 0 years.Notice of funeral hereafter.HsxbRiCKho.N—On Tuesday, Jan. 3. ef disease of theheart. Pa—at HEXDRICKBON. in the 4dth year of h a age. The relatives and frieads of the family, and the mem- bers of the Washington Engine Company S o 1 . of Brook- lyn.WD-,arerespectfullyinvitedtoattendthefuneral, from hislate residence, No.04Navystreet. Brooklyn,this(Thursday>afternoon,ahalfpastoneo'clock. Hispublisher's office. 107 Nassau sun N. Y .Q',UERU-S COD LIVER JELLY,The only certain cure fcr Coasumotion.kinds of Coughsteteksnwithout • ALSOQUA]IU*S PATEN*P J A L U r i A D CASTOR JDLL-- greasysensationoftheoilatobviated,anduIIIBBTIIHIe anyoonsttpaaonafter use. Itathebeatpurgative fori dren.Tobehadattheinventor'soffice,135Fourthavspwit's. above alluded to Tom dayera did not mane" esrsnee unti! past teno'clock, and wasa once a-jdmbs remained in the attitude which tad been given them Another puncture was made upon the left arm. which thepatient didnotperceive.Eighteenmmutesafarthecommencementoftheex pertinent, andtwelve minutes after the operationwas completed, the eyelids were rubbed and blown upon again, upon which'the patient awakened almost instantly,w the American rerrt'3ent*ljve b v "^ ,ill,-'00i theremark "Herestheutilenanturns*d.' >HeeiwunaxIb'Bd atonceroseandshookhandswithSaversin tii<-•dtWtvigorousmanner TheYangeegentlemanre- earded T om *ilh the ZTeAtest cunostty, and Beenied e ncould hardly occur, and, accordingly, th* number has Whiter Furnishing Goodsremaining on hand on the 1st mat., remains will be taken to Flatiiush Cemetery for interment. and at all respectable ill niisssu-ciiv struck with the disproportion ol sat- oi the two and the rigid limbs feil-at once. Thepatient rubbedher ni.n 'the -Itenicia Boy —atineone of h» age—ughtm< eyes and became perfectly sensible. She rememberednothing which had occurred, and was astonished to hear pioc Ighu tt ten atone ten pounds. that she had been operated upon. Her condition up to aonly been kept up oy importations from Africa. Baron must be closed out. We therefore otter die remainder oftheeieeimi stock ol 1> Devon A Co., comprising oomplete as- sortments of Overcoats, Press Soils, Business Suits, Boys' i loLoing, Fumahing tioods. A c . at coat. This is an oppor-PENTOLD P ARKER A MOWEA Hr"rrHr<iGR—On W ednesday afternoon, J a n 4 , after a Wbntaaale Agents, l a Beekaaaa awethe free Slates, who holds his allegiance to the cooatitu tion, and loves theUnionas thesourceofallourunex- ampk'd prosperity a a nation, to look at itfin its true light, and before it a too late to arrest it, for these aggressions upon their tranquillity and happiness, which have already alienated the minds and exasperated the passions in the slave Sates against us. must otherwise, sooner or later, eventuate in a dissolution of our great and glorious. confederacytend the funeral, from the residence of his brother, 286rating, aad will not corrode the metals used in thei of the gas metre.GREAT CURIOSITY.—PARTICULARS RENT Agents wanted. SHA W A CLARK, BMdetnra,GAYETTT'S MEDICATED P APER ThehealthiestpersonsmayuaeGayeuy's MedicatedPa- per without harm, and with decided benefit althoughUnfortunately, much ignorance prevails among us tnj bers draw a this day— relation to the institutions of the Southern Stales, audiofItonas.—On Tuesday. Jaa. '2. CAT—snrK, daughter of and t-H) Broadway. John a n d Bridget Dineen, aged 7 years, 7 months and 5slavery tn particular. Many well -inientioaei persons havedrawntheirideasfromthepublicationsoftheaboii- tiocists and the exaggerated representations of Mrs. Stowe's novel—a work the ability of which is only equal- led b y its malignity and falsehood a s a represenation of manners and customs in ttie South. I have myself visitedCOCXTT—CLASS 3,JAKUABV4, 1360.wherehavetherightsoftheslave beensopro-tected by weeand equal laws: nowhere hisphy-sical wants s o abundantly supplied. nowherehis moral and intellectual improvement so caredfor and nowhere can the increase, which is little shortot the white population ot the country, be compared withit. IthasbeendoublethatofEngland,andtreblethatofthe Continent of Europe in the same time—a result thatcould not have taken place under a tyrannical and op-pressive system of government, and is the best refutationthat can be ottered to the falsehoods and exaggerations of -Thursday neat, Jan. a. Men. •* ino-ctata, a its BHiuiiisar abolition ism. Slavery with us is very different from thatFnccK—Suddenly,onMonday,Jan.2,LnaAFnrcs.tn the 60th year of his age.The friends and relatives are respectfully invited to attend the funeral from his late residence, 463 Eighth avenue, this (Thursday) afternoon at oae o'clock.GIBBOSH.—OnMonday.Jan.2,ofsearletfever,ELLS- WORTHDSSSLOW,onlychildofGeorgeD.andAnnaM.Gib Does, aged 3 months and 11 days.Freecolored>Tottd186C—Last census thenumber of slaves was... .a,204.089S ree blacks and runawaysToalColds,Inflacaaa.-.The GroatmadBad- the race, and,whencomparedwithresults inCubaand denchangesofourdonatearefruitful sources ofuulmonarySheThe lecture throughout w a s perfectT h e Doctor w a sstructive and more interesting lecture will he delivered.• E • ' " Court Cstlaattatr—TniaD«y.CAROUM—On Wednesday, Jan. 4, after a short illness, ALICE CAROLDT, aged 54 years.S m a s a Corsr—Ctrcmt.«.Part 1—Nos. 96, 97,101,103, 106, 107, 109, 111, 113, U S , 119, 121,133, 135,127,129, 131,133, 137, 139.The friends ofthefamily are invited toattendthe funeral, from her late residence. 13 Bridge street, on Fri- day afternoon, a t one o'clock, without further notice.Coptee in wrappers for ssae at the office, St Ann streetGAS CONSUMERS. NOTTCA—OENGEMBRErS PA' NON-rREEZING AND NON EVAPORATING" GAS METRE FLUIDMetfisa will be filled with this Plate tn das efttesof New York. Brooklyn and Jersey City. Orders should be forwarded wish- out delay to the office of theMetropolitan Gas Metre and Burner Company,Sole proprietors. 891 Broadway.'Certificate of Professor John Torrey.I have subjected Gengembre's Metre Fluid to severe testa 4" find the liquid is not liable to freeze with a n y natural cold at*JOHN DALE, JOHNW.WALKHR. ALFRRD R WOOTTKN. SITCHING CHTLBLArNS AND CHAPPED SKIN OW 1 byDCPU1SChllblaniandSwissBalaaa. tWBreadsTaTEWYORKKEROSENE 0FL.A FULL SUPPLY FOR THE WTN1TEA.DEPOT OF COATANY, 33 PearlOURLADYREADERS,INCITYORCOUNTBT,WUA eseretee true economy and avoid much liumi miff mm!DzLAWaaa—CLAWNO.6.JAJTOABVA.1880.19. 37. 16, 74, 2S, ej2, 37, 56. 5, 10, 40, 68, 77. Circulars sent free nf anenre by addressingsendingtoMadameMARTENSR.laBQ her Stochteea and a first class Operator.for.»WOOD, EDDY A CO., Wilmington, Delaware, I.cost, to close oat our immense stock.BALLOl BROTHERS, 109 Broadway, N . T .Closing Season of Furs at Coat.WHITE, 216Broadwsj, opposite M. Paul's church.Boots a a d Snoes—Waterproof Douhle sole, warm fur lined aad wool,JOHNSO*—On W e d n e s d a y , J a n . 4 , EIJHIA G JOHSSOJT, in \ anecUons. tumors, ncdea, ulcers, cankers, rasa, teuerBrady's Gallery. 643Broadway, Corneratu-nd the funeral at 71 Pineapple street, on Friday after- noon, at half past one o'clock.KnuAK.—In this city, on Wednesday morning, J a n . 4 . Mr SAMCRI KI«*AM, aged 71 years and & m onths.The funeral will take place on Friday morning, at eleven o'clock, from the residence of his son in-law, Dr <; l'r.nce. 351 Pearl street, Franklin square The rela- tives and friends arc invited to attend without further noticeand appropriate style of Picture for Holiday Presents Also Imperial Photographs- Miniatures. Ambrotypes and Daguer rootypa.Brooklyn Gallery of Ajt.—Williamsonpeew—The best in the world, surpassing all made. Sold and applied atthe manufactory, 16Bond streetbe taken u> Calvary Cemetery.MAKTIW.—In the 76th year of his age, A-TDRSW MARTINat his late residence, No. 69 W a t Twenty fifth street. Hisfrieadsandtherelativesofthefamily are respect fully invited to attend tne funeral, this (Thursday) afterNo. 495Broadway New Yaw. Mo. 183Fulton a , BreohayavTHE SOLO MELODIST.Nos. 1.2and3nowready.12 pages cf popular music tor tha -,-io-a, pnoe UnwornVI pages of correct music fbr the fiua. price 10 esna.12 pages of new music for the acoorueon, price 10 rials12 pages of easy music for the cornet, price 10 s e n a 12pagesofselectedmusicforthedanuna,pAoe10rents. For sate everywhere, and at the penitence's, UT Naaaan at._privately applied.noon, at one o'clock, trom his late residence, No. 69 West Twenty fifth street His remains will be taken to Calvarypreeaaiion a more serious attack aay be effectuallywarded off. bold byalldrugatete.This is emancipation Here,indeed, m a field ia whioh theselfstviedfriend of the negro nay,exercise allhishu-manity but his vision is scattered over the face of theearth,andheseesnothingathisowndoor.TelLja.we prearvagaadnstotagtheater.Ladies,tryitttekibyau tendthefuneral,fromhtehatereaMence,No.147EastAnd a large uuatber oi outer promtaawit Auamm^B iiinartad Chtsoterlrer.b,Onva Tar SOosnu abottte. o r » e ana by Powders81apackageand.»2_*f_T.s «» . toeOliveTarOemoeny.SloBreadv^f, NewYork,Soldbydruggists*verywbere. Wholesale Agenui SCHIBF rELXN BROS. A CO.,Untitled DocumentTrieopherousis theofthap l e a s e c o p y ty,Jan.2,byRev.J.S.InI—tBAlawni.bothof suchMIshouldbeun MrLroBD-^TOUB—-OnWednesday Jam. 4 bytheRevConnecticutpaperspleaseamy. Wn-sos—Fi—r—at—On ThursdayWADDING CARD BKFOT 9K ticity of air, he developed many new and interesting of the late A. H. BarUett.Esq way Klegant Card*. Acvery beautifullydiscoursed.his audience the naturesome time on the* weight of fluids, showing that mercuryisthirteentimesheavier thanwater—thatla,as a general thing when pure. The modus aprrtaii forCORNS, BTJBTOM8joajsandallDoonvenienee to the patient by B r . AACHARIB, Chiropodtet.780Broadway. Referstotheofthteetty.. The relatives and friends of the family, also of his RL NOTICIOBO DE Ufa—A TOREinterment this (Thursday) afternoon, at one o'clock, odenuinc humor that occasioned these difiiculues, and restoro from the residence of his grandfather 116 Last Seven- ease and rrmtort to the patientinterment ,PrsoT —In this city, on wnmaay, Jam. 2, HA—SWAMWarwick, R L, oa Tuesday,Silas M. Crane D. D ., J Bawl* only son of John W aad Huloah T shell.JCtaSOW WOTri, A D 10 CortlandtB WHEN O U V E T A g aaj TAKEN.tolamssaiioa, dysentery,Ac Oitve Tar a appl __f.at, burna. A claoa awn ScLTHtra Powana Psairv ABDAavnauss m Btoon,fcTKJUHiTUSJI TBS DlOBSTITB OtUjA a s , "=» ABD RESCLATI ALL vaaCOMP ANY •awM SaaaafatanawMi , W w a V 9 a U L « a^BWaWa^sawawa•^jawMsWaa •tjQan.,*}Mra.atAST.*liAajafloa.OfIvtWIfejfc, |ltVQo'cjvcjr.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069u.aaavsvw t u •ttes-f* vvwww.fultonhistory.com 