 NEW YORK HERALD, MONDAYchase:, ta rodrin which tbe at* of . earn squares in Boston. within o r forfeits his I timeteatU*eieptem**stask(•amijBced •Mlabla-Jirepubl«ai forthe ctt»\ftM|as ongmei haste u 4 r**gh comlu*m£ the Ibe ivory to r*a*^ stewviltesiuee, te the keys or combe, the powerful am of inachtoe-(rrea to beeo.Ncedbam ia also the reeidoae* of the Ban. ft K Whitif such should the South, he esteemed thto policyotn*» suvcr —Puritans of "Id to com itteevleesof their age,oftermor pteao keysry stems* aaogsther with aut«loi»nm«.The cifavorable. Mr.of ibe elaunch old aiyle mm abortof nto: aad if Mr. of the portof mifihtataadaBrown as thoelatedthe not,that the Puritan race throughout the Cato* should look o awith intense sympathy, when ^ ^ P ^ J * * * * , • £ baifemiJBsmof was banged b y l b s descendant! o f t h e Cavauers-de-sceadasuTwho have preserved not only the good quailt i e fern of mannfari-i-f te tote t*tebushment to very Tn* form of mentata«*s«mg, snd would amply r « W » vto*t, as aa evi- omkceoflbe precitkmand ref^itarity with which machine- ry may be medeto « 4 mw tho Deosotof the humanThe ivory used in thai esubushmeut a imported entirely the MM and west ooaat of Afttea, aad the greatest eeesexympreparing«far J» lormw umea asbset of t t « H i i i to, shpsof ctoth-» u toasted upoamornmf, Mrito ha revere in the administration af the i«w, chance of ftUmg the ptaoa. Iftr. W u now inby the jointiue not deemed stiffl- Stetes of the otter suchWtth ao other countries or iS^wSiss-au». mane ene attempted to toll one ofSMm e*Om•• •tU*It Ba t t h h e e article.arte^^*J^«******'v a l e * o f t h e Tift eapttelhit w o••Ufateaks ft great dif - i l u w r i p l i o n aiLai there was ao use permitting himself to he droppedfcepe for it, and be favored this union of the South be n a m e , among o her good results which K would produce, Itwould arouse this spirit of fraternity at the North,which was. ta a moral point of view, to discharge towards theSouththefunctionswhichtheDoitedStalesSenatedto tnwhtohhoof Of the fva-rice at this port «ve twelfths of the wholeIenough from which of rvorycouldbecat. Buinow,byartof SBsrhrnery,thetookI in I ta^ and by a circular movementor breadthheet for tho tear descrtpti of manufacture*.t,1haremademquirtavand im***•**+faiff*may as well •>aetvscysrteSi trodseed intomffWn.m ftUM jprw*UIViatelI*<*W-year* ago they were oomptetoiy burnt oat, just aajheythe post year .creaae ot tbe p»M year m th* exports of lumber treat tte*mT• * the IhctoriealrttobimVd ta thle tbrlvmg and tftaattful ptace. or to enter into a detailed narration or the modus mroMli by which their manufneturea are tontjrndunflybrutifht to perfection. K muat auffloe to ta «ery manufactory to Connecticut the &reatetthasbeensettledthereforfifteenyears,doe*abusinessof over fft.000 per annum ta the sale of periodical titeraturo and newspapers. At first the " Red-hanied Thunderer*' snd "Bloody Night Gown" style of compositionwas much in demand; hut the testeis now for historical an1 more solid information. The newspapers are anxiouslyby adveitisicg ultra measures at ft critical moment like the present, and a* they can frost this quiet spot overlook the whirling political orb* with calmness, they base set- tled upon the conviction that Banks must aad shall be the next T&esident, if the reputation of Needhxm can elect aim.ItlCHKlAH.OCR KALAMAEOO CORRESPONDENCE.KAIAMASOO, M ich,Jan. 18,1S00.lionintheSenate,andwill undoubtedly pass. There it one straogo peculiarity in Virginia, which applies alike to herelections,astomattersconcerningherStatepride,or to the developoment o f her military power; a n d that u , that she must bo aroused. The provocate must b> -given, and when it is, woe to the enemy. At elections characterized b y the absence o f excitement scarcely half her voteto polled; but on great occasions like '55. with aWtoe to arouse her , one o f h e r sons would ride one hun- dred mile* o n horseback, over a n almost impassable mountain road to record his vote. Neither bail, snowthis city, for bis services ta the cause of liberty IBcuy,IOTOBavrvjuea« MMUIBI m yvwi;.The oolored people, as a rule, are here looked on as In ferters,thoughInthoeyesofth*tawtheyareoiviByaad politically our equals. There to no bar, as in all British possessions, to their advancement to the highest position under the crown; but, aft everywhere, society cries o u t against their color, and says, thus far you shall go aad no farther. Bejure they are our equals, but defacto they are our inferiors.• elephants task co*i4wholatbemaaarnetorerindmmad. to joattoatoallpar. mlhtotowa OneauokewaaatrackTb» warn eoaat ivory ta consideredb »truly, and remained so until he oimeto theJ**""TM* protection is act had through that, then there wasnoof the most prominent Brown'.and'thi^htoaAs you have already been theof tew co m•"*'•of thIemm/ »i «$W17*UJ»»»0,, and tbmy. toiateth* ^aoftte ***fceyar•carrlrth^mijavary11isTtohlitrade. Tuaynotonly •baawJaidamilpowerandInftanniwtathetown,ltnioK •apply tboeeeerveerraaJi SUITS Of the Caioo with ma*afo*aredivory, be* they also expert targe qmmtslta* to Eoropa.Their estebhshment • aa perfect m it can well he. Somerenntortty, todnatry • * « » « ? « « ^ ^ r t " r Z S ? „nntomthemaantoctoreiiBaboulddetormtaeta<Wto< lookedfor,andwhenreceivedarewellthumbedbyeotoida) policy of etaadlia*; In the way of their owa Inte- tbere oan be kttle doubt that a few y oarsthan doubled. The heavy strokest hammer, t i e rumbling sound of Stealebmery.the feaey bom of active industry, andceaaiag din of all them atomento of tabor combineheard in the town from morning to night. Ver qnentry,ten,thepoorfactorygirlsmaybeseentol MASSACHUSETTS. their awentos by the dim light of their vestal lamps.l Hoidlersaxeaaenroaming;throughUwtown—nomen areencounteredonthehighway*—buteverything tens contentment and prosperity, because industry occupation and tabor is fairly rewarded. HowwouldthiscontinueifthegreatbulkofourSoulabould b e c u t off? What would become o fgatm which have flewet from the Convention of Wednes- day last. T o d o thai practically the trae reform must take ptace at the bollet box, and there is every indliIhftt a strong democratic reaction is about to set in. In tetmsr years she democracy held undisputed ofpoweriaMeriden.aadtherepnblicansonlyfooghtwithNorm The hotel keepers, as well as the various classes of dealers and the railroads, will, I have no doubt, feel the drawback very seriously. I am informed to day thatobtain from those wealthier or more advanced than them selves to make a living. He lays :—We havson several previous ossfttooast called attentiontotheers is to be nominated by the "d—d Irish;" snd therefore feat TWscontinuedtoralongtime,untilthrough inter- Itisasignalthatthemeetingwaspacked—that the nomi-ibem m a mere maite*of formt being alwavs sure of ae-electoral vote of the State in the coming election; and thatnal dimerta the democratic forty fell Into error! and trouble, sjmV t h e repohlicaas, taktaf qatok advantage ofit will be given to the nominee of the Chicago Conventionhere, who have hitherto contributed to the success of re- publicanism, who intend to vote warmly with the demo crattc party in future, and m them gentlemen exercise no kttle M n e n e e stnong the large bodies o f voting opera- tives in their employment, every secession from their ranks to the desaotmtw aide mum of necessity be n heary blow to btajk republicanism. There Is no hvpotheets In thie aseertton, for I have had it from soma of the wealthiest andteost tonoenttal manufacturers of MerMen. One of these gentlemen assured me that he id thoroughly disgusted with the constant cry of "Slavery, siavery," and he would feel great pleasure In joining a party thai would tarn* this vexed question alone alto- gether. Other gentlemen of wealth and influence have candidly confessed thai, through their own neglect, the republicanpartyhavemadesomebealway;butatthe name time they have stated their determination not to rent aatiafied until the principles of right and justice shall triumph, and for this purpose they will in future operate with t h e national democratic party. A ll national republicans here ami going orer to the right Mde,and republicanism in Heriden will soon be at an end. The post office in tha town is a very creditable institu- t e * , and is conducted on principles of regularity, order and propriety that wound do credit to many metropolitanof young scamps in the shape of lively tempered youths. As a general thing, the heads of the institution (with a few honorable exceptions) are black republicans—some it is true, of a moderate type, in consequence, probably, of the peculiar suavity of the presiding oiiicer of the Board of Overseers. That guns would be fired under the big tree where Washington received his sword as Commander in Chief of the Army of the Revolution, and that the head- quarters of the Father of his country, now occupied by "Chibiabos, the sweet singer," would be brilliantly illumi- nated, and that the whole of College Green and Square and Drcle, would be vastly Jolly, In the eveut of the election of a black republican Preai lent, thereresides at this place, and since his retirement from officeHowe, Win. F . Gordon, Jr , Esq., who acte*d as secretary, to distinguish democrat from oppositionist in calling the roH to ascertain if a quorum was present. He was aided by two of the oldest members of each body, and I doubt, notwithstanding, whether tbey succeeded ta fixing thenot consent to abridge In the smallest degree the right of free access to oar shares, and perfect freedom and equality on them; but we desire to invite public attention to the fact that ss we new count this element of the population by tens of thooaends. before many years are over it will be numbered bv hundreds of thousands; and to thai outer fact, that while the difficulty is now within proportions capable of being dealt with, then it will bave grown too targe fee ordtaary remedies It needs no argument to ahow that the true home of tbe Afri- caniawiibin the tropica; and that among our anowi be U as much out of place aa the Suropean laborer wasdd be ander avenice! sun. Tbe remedy that sulOgggOstt itself is a system efemigration which shall transplant tern to a more eoogeaua]climate, tooccupations for which he ia better fitted, andtoa Captain Towneend, of the Echo, waa about starting agate deitiov more hopeful than be can obtain here. Ia India, aa a for the coast of Africa for a cargo of slave*, and that he military colonist, a useful, honorable and profitable oareermight be teund for him; and the cost would be well reoaid byYet it would all be a hoilow crow,if W. H- Seward should cities, ifr.flny-.the tether of the Meridea democracy, be the man. As small as some of the masmates of Har-LETTER FBOM A MERCANTILE HOUSE IK MISSISSIPPI TO THEIR AGENT IN NEW TORE.The foflowmg extract to taken verbatim from a letternow In our possetsion in this office, and is another atom to•welt the great aggregate of proof of the determination ofthe South to cut off all intercourse with the republicanfanaticism in whatever form It may exist in the North.The forepart of the letter contains private boeiness com- monicati ns, which we do not publish. The following extract is thwconolucton of the letter :—chigan; andon mornthanoneoccasionhavereapeatablewhite families been disgraced by the practical exemplifi- strictly comply with. Tost is, not to purchase for me acation of this disgusting Garrtouaiaa doctrine. It dollar's worth from any known abolitionist, or from a n yfinally became necessary, in order to arrest the one about whom there is any doubt as to his position onspread of thto system, to pass s law imposing a that question. But select such men as openly advocatea banker and director of a fire insurance company—Is also toe nominal ptwttamlei of the town. The emoln- meats, however, fall to toe-gentleman who performs the active duties of the office, this is Mr. Samuel Morgan, a young man of pleasing deportment, quiet manners andamahtiuafsu genttary. Considering t h e comparativelyrail population of Mertdoo, it must appear that business very active there whan I stato that the emoluments of eachasmalloffice amount tosomething like $1,400or•3,000 per annum Certainly, the place Is not a sinecure, ami whoeverthinkaittosotedbettertryItI vtottedthe State Reform School to day. R ton solid tetek wathftag, very commodious, and pleasantly situate 1 enthetopofarisinghill Atpresenttherearenotmanytnnmtes in the institution. Sometimes it contains nnre thin three hundred hoys, hot many of the old Inmates, having served the period allotted for their reformation, harevard are, they are net quite such smalt potatoes an to ex- ult sincerely at the elevation of a man to the Presidency who is at once a disorganixer and the inciter of rebellion". If Seward be nominated, and there be no third candidate,teen dtaatersid. The institution has for some time suf- vernment navy yard, absurd opposition to horse railroads,all sense of shame, as to be willing to perform the de- grading rite. A reverend gentleman was recently fined $50 in Detroit for marrying a respectable white girl to aA mSSBSIPPIAN.SENTIMEST OF CANADA ABOUT THE JOHN BROWN RAID.OUB MONTREAL CORRESPONDENCE.MONTRXAL, Jan. 10,1860.fered greatly in public estimation, and the State Legtela unwillingtosupportittotheStill, there oan be no doubt that it is awhment The refractory boys who are inside the edges. Mayor Dana was lately re elected, overtrained t»walk ta the paths of virtue and a combination of hostile forces, by the national men. - Jjey are made to learn some trade that willtieesefeJtothem mafter life. Theyare compelledto pursue The adopted citizens of Charlestown have a strong power habitsofconstantindustry,frugalityandpropriety!They inthedemocraticpartyhere,andtheydemandthatthat cultivate the soil, plant ihoir own food, reap and garner power should be respected. The feeling among all ft They make their own clothing, wash and meal it branches of the party, notwithstanding the power of theThe State of Michigan to divided into two parte, the upper and lower Peninsula, and contains an area of about<30,000 square miles. The northern or upper pe- ninsula,lyingbetweenLakeSuperiorandLakeMichi- gan, aboun.a in iron and copper ore; but its vast re- sources bave as yet been only partially developed.Aboutthirtycompanies,however,are nowinsuccess fuloperationinthevicinityofMackinacandOctanagon, and the yield is said to he abundant From the upper pe ninsula, with a small shoe from Wisconsin, it to pro- posedtoformthenewStateofSuperior. Thelower,or southern peninsula, lying between Lake Michigan and Lake Huron, is rich in agricultural resources, to tho de veiopement of which its inhabitants are chiefly devoted.It thall sot only involve the Northern States, but England* «»Let her make Canada the centre of a piovlatonal governmenttor men of this eiaaa—{Extract from Governor Wise's speech TEE TOWN—THE WHITES ARMING FOB DEFENCE. ly of this piece, and fcr years an intimate associate of totheSouthernmedicalstudents)The black republicans are divided between Banks, which are always ffited on tee Sabbath, ta well Bates ana Seward; the majority seems to be in favor of as on other days of the week. There Jure a the former;but, In any event, there is but a small portion tew blackboyshitheinstltutl.m~abontAveor ofJohnBrownsympathytocrushouthereineithercase.to act In perfect concert and with considerable success intheir outrageous proceedings. The affair at Chatham was highly esteemed for the many sterling qualities which but a more violent and public demonstration, assimilating shone conspicuously in his every day life.the white children. Thedoctriueseemstobe Hill—youmightaswellattempttocirculatesuccessfully that crime equalises all classes and conditions of men; such a work in Charlestown, Virginia, as in some parts of fornoonetoadmittedtotheinstitutnnwhohasnotbeen Charlestown,Massachusetts,theMonumentalCityofthetheincomefromwhichwilldoubtlessformavaluableac- Ipremisebyssytagthatnoneofthegreatincidentsortur- forthepurpossofcarryingontheirwwkofintimida-[FromtheNatchez(Miss)Courier,Janii]On Saturday last a gross a n l infamous insult was ofguilty ef some oflbcee against public morals. In cases wheraysvealle offender* come before the courts end arecouvioted of crime, instead of sending them to penitectit rtoa ami prtoons to mingle with and contract the vices ofI criminals, they are sent to Hits school for a given where they have the advantage of being educated , artistically and religiously, while at the same mmpanm ef a locu* tmssasaMw are fully sippliel.• %reaoattaw of tie State Legislature a provision isNorth.Circtuofton of Abolition Tratft, die.The " irrepressible conflict'' has had one effectia town— which obtains no little importance from the fact that in i(is located the county jail, and, therefore, is entitled, In its own modest circle, to some consideration, on the same score that the centre of the national government is at the present time, vis: that the Congressmen won't pay theirThis plaster, when excavated in large blocks, is used ao a substitute for marble, which it much resembles in ap- pearance, in the construction of buildings, for monumentssuch deep felt excitement in this province as the Harper'sittett eaweam having obettnate, rude and unmanage- able children may place them to this institution under r* for * certain, number of yearn All present i a bey incarcerated there, who will, when he at- i majority, come jtoto possession of an Independentnet improve it in appearance, for it soon becomes streak- ed with yellow snd reddish hues, neither attractive n >r ornamental Several buildings have been constructed o! this material at Grand Rapids, and I am informed tlixt more are to be erected in the spring.South and the many sympathizers nt the North, it is here thought impossible for any servile insurrection to succeed, unless backed by the whole power of the North. The educated classes, as a rule, sympathize with the slave,that if any distinctions of color are suffered to exist in any department of the public affairs, they will burn the town. This threat has been made before when distur uinc-s have at isen, but as the present seems to be a more geue ral organization, and aa they manifest a greater determi- nation than ever before, the whites are becoming veryaad he thinks that the town can compare Tery favor ,»iy wth any other of the ume aim and capacity In the o.eaa condition of ttt criminal calendars.1 have a word to my ta reference to a statement pr.- TMoalymadeinyour ootasansrotativetothetaB*e*e*iofrthianaaoa tooanamc the dec me rancem! nt of therepubiican ote- a deeire to kuo •SL^Wwe^aiiS!^ ahnfcemn bob toil cent forthere, aore. But tbeeoBrows eWrt or proi6aWThe foreign cotton trade of tha port entre annual exports, allmftMon and a half; yet, Isam»t1hw%rwvtemfthe cotton trad* of Charlei France, Brem**; 1and Hoxwitaw ths past year.whole exportation. Ot th* the only one who rec*iv«•avalFifteen countries oast year, Cab*scores of inquisitive readers. There are In Meridea seven physicians, four lawyers, with a fair proportion of clergy- men, there are ales two prosperous banks, with a ca- pital of about »300,000, a Ore insurance company, and many other evidences of prosperity and advancing wealthComet] be preseam* to tee Ufttetemre ef climatetotoocold,aaditisacountryaffordingbutavery Dr.g.Delcny.Ssnoterto»mBaalIWicieoa:—which time will not permit me to enlarge upoa.Boek—DougUu and Staart-Sj/mpatKy Between Them— stances inwhich men prostrated from' sickness have in- nature fitted-, for tela reason to the African population piililliisof suaKas»*.'Uawstana,ta General 1OUR8PSCIA.I.CAMBRIDGECORRKSPONDKNCK.a MBBJDGI,MiddlesexCo.,Mats.,Jan.IS,1860.ftfiew" in flepard to Secmeim-Amalfidmatim^FMes noble purposesto set hostility at defiance. the Gulf orSt. Lawrence to Lake Superior i* he found as »hi ns iralt mh:eti. v&chot tbe present n"H"aataaalforMarrfiaffNegroetamiWkita—Ihe MineralWeaUk Ihavetakensomepainsrecentlytoascertainwhatare waiter,barbtr.tswmntoeperandothersituation*wherein Bi#tMU£*f '.Le^atelaj.4two.fromthe Suteftltoffe,ofMichigan—IUBdmK-Bs AgricuUmral Betourm-IU theprospectsofsummertraveltotheNorthwhenthat laterby"lb*sweatofthebrow"tonot Asftwriterla »i'.t•r-'..i)itrballbetotuntincoi.'t:uevw>thCjQrnmisrftcirtm Vole—Harvard University—lhe BepuUicam and Bernard,ale.season comes round. I have questioned several Southern this city well remarks, the negro. In capabilityforfo•r.t»l Coal Mi/net and Flatter Quarria—The Lumber Tirade— gentlemen upon the subject, and they all agree that it will improvement aad adaptability to all the refcwmtnts -iftatWoolGHp—MichigantheThirdWoolGrovinfState bescareelyperceptible.*Theproportionlaiddownby civilization,toInferiortononeinth*world,ands-ii*r•-•r ir (he Union—Principal Ciliet and Jownt—Kalatmeoo— some gentlemen from the extreme Southern States, with to many, but he to defective ta the dogged nvsi^eranee**Ocr-i? wh-j cray be appo'rctcfl from oib<?r s'avenoratag Btatea, with tbe view of aeViatag tad aetti.og apoa-soni fu in 1 ulh > and mea&urefc of commercial noa-talar**m~ae *:.li 1!. N ilbem States, to be submitted to the Lsfttola-Be hanaar m a m w n t a l f f irfn?ItmmmW*m«e,tt. mmmtryone^hormemmtry oeocy, tee WW^!^%^^jSmVr e B*XtoAt thftt'b*1!* tateto hto2%J^*E*Xg&sltrndaddlypnteut miatofamyie/laW^rmUtan. ipitobmt;uin»to thfetBHaamxaojBn in the moat approredu .tortyia.and I am really affraid that in the ab more lacratire employment they will be fallingluoualv ia favor of Banks. Seward is nownere. tsamu is tbeidol of the republicans here, and » not at all despised brsome prop's outside that party. 8ewardism is every where conTemned, except, probably, by « ^ « « f » » * « tadivMWl wta> undertook to toll Uw bell when Brow, waasee that there «totoi ft t power to resist it ITmade. Ia order to iHustrat* the ides, be referred to France and Knglaod, whose rola- tions, he said, were most peaceful when both were bestlombfrat this portBrand taitej tour ninths otgjte w h o * m f portafloa; Cab* two ntatbs, aad Bpata cw**xsEh. The tem^*W> ^ihT^^'^aVutoed wa/*very greet-Mow they hare taken Ilia preeautioa to erect Irtm safes*whteft they keep thair targe stock af ivory Ui IU natiremain Their hlsarfcrx beuaea—earht In number—In which taully' bemmethlDg like Uie"conto«t between the Kilkenny "jtebeiateefttof thto town.beside Urn manufacture ofpreiiared to meat each other. In short, whether to promote the existing Union, or prepare for disunion, if sushwere deemed indispensable, b e looked upon a perfectunion of the South as her best policy, aad with that view that of Brown it might be said, as of"* ^ ******** " and corn from this port for th* pest*sr« ta eoruuao^yTTpt en temanm *ock ofiU*M W . of every prwefbte widthandstrength, m r ^ i t ^ a T ^ ^ .would recommend s convention of ail tho Southern State*.Virginia to determined to put herself in a proper state of defence at any aad every hazard. Before Otto reaches you a bill will have pasaed both boases of tee Legislature, appropriating $500,000forthat purpose. It has alreadywho died during one of tho most trying nods of British history-year have fallen off eighty per views year. To what thto ma» tay but both•oBara.There wm a large in the amount of i.whtoh we h a vc placed under the head of i from their variety,1!** expertatloa of theleer time* thati of the year i Thetotalforeignexportatio*ofthepastyearnromthedistrict of Charleston is one aad a third mtllie* doUat* ternin value than that of th* year previous, on* miBtol ef whichtossislatheitemofcotton 4The following Mai teapaotet to>coconnfefrerwwitihthooththererCIbmmtetewiers of stave Slates ta re latton to commercial cc^taterormrseI , I t^ 1JlBa^f"^wo^ *a?!randlaygather your ownjust opinions,asI nothing nor set down aught in malioe.There is one circumstance which oughttobe added l a praise of the peoata of MerMen, The best tateromnto have atsurad me that the town is about the greatest place•ellite*gwdftstefemwslly resaomshta. Some otwftold on manufacturer's account, but not many.TtetowntoaptamsfttQne.sadtaau the element* of a thriving New England village it cannot be surpassedwan m givtag *»» ailAbootthe services tawasw«h • splendid:was now* a* Mr. Pratt, n* ver;iebother,and ate««**»£-*•!* "SiTjffitemT ***"* **..of other Interesting facte which I paper, is confined principally to shoeaaakiag, ftftdiMrta- There area but Ifear I have already extended mr ob^ creasing. They profess to have very little fear of toeingaa anmiiiBtaiiiatit limit. From what I Southern oiisto^e^E oemixamionte^discmstej a t length upon this theme,b ysayingmatter of surprise if Brother Burlingame, who resides ou decidedly for Douglas, and their delegates at Chartaston bispatrimonialestatenighby,andwhokilledfourbuffa willpressbisnominationwithzealanddetermination;butafterthelastresolutionwasreadthereportwoundup tbeeemessfeaofafarcethoroughlyreliabletawarandtracta-wss to sail from HavanaNON INTtBCOCRftE.Iocs at one shot only 300 miles this side of Pike's Peak, a short time sgo, and who, like Haskin in the House of Re-Sresentatives lately, "dropped his pistol" in a barroomgot in Leavenworth on hto return homeward—it wouldnot be a matter of surprise, we say, it Brother Burlingamewould exult a little at the election of a black republicanPresident, for It would pave his way to the Gubernatorialchair of the Commonwealth—a very snug seat by the way.I do not anticipate that the result, be it what it may, will aflect their fidelity to their paity.The "bone and smew" of the State scout the idea of a d issolution o f the Union, and laugh at the heated tirades of Iverson, flextreil a n d their colleagues, w h o preachkiis- union. The expression of Senator Wade, that ii the South wait until a republican President is elected before* they withdraw from the Union, they will wait one day too long, tanot without Its significance, for there seems to he a fixed and settled determination among all parties ta tote State to fight, If necessary, before consenting to a diseolu tion of the Union.Such an easergency is not anticipated by any considerable number of ihe people of the Northwest; but, shouldwith a request that tee Richmond Enquirer, aome one or two other papers, and the Nsw YORK HKBALD, wouldbletapeace.Such are the salient points o f a n article which deservesattention at the hands of tho Canadian and British govern menu. Maybe that it to propheticof the future*: There to no doubt that the greatly increasing numbers of the colored population of Western Canada will bring about the contingency that tbe writer of the article just quoted seems to fear.I lately aaw in a Southern paper a statement that the negrces ta Canadalwere over 150,000. Now, m 1851 their number was only 8,000, and last year the most reliable authorities placed the number at 46,000, an increase of $7,000 in eight years, with an annual increase of 1,100 from the free and stave State* Thto atone taotade* Cana- da West. In the tower province there may be 2,000 to $,0C0, of whom the majority reside in thto city and neigh- borhood. To this must be added the annual increase bybirth, say about 1,760.Tbegreatcentre of African populationtaCanadaWestis Chatham. The neighboring cities of London, Hamilton and Toronto also contain a great number. They live, I am informed, on good terms with ths whites, but are not very industrious. Last summer the government of Jamaica despatched aa agent to Canada to Induce the ne- groes to emigrate to that colony, offering them a free pas- sage and certain employment o n their arrival. The at- tempt failed from want of confidence ta the person pur- porting to be the agent. It was insinuated that he was scheming to entrap them back to the slave States, and tbe people, at meetings held at Chatham, London and other places, rejected his offers, and the project fell through.NEWSPAPER ACCOUNTS. THESKGRODISTCBiANCK ATCHATHAM-CONTINUED EXCITEMENT—TH> NEGKOES THREATEN TO BURNOneofthelargestcattleraiserstaVirginia,whohas heretofore sent his stock North, ha* determined never to drive another head of cattle out of Virginia, and to make Richmond bis principal sales place. The result of thto resolution will] be that Richmond will be the beat market for choice beef in the couth, and a* good as any as tho North.BEt-TORAllOIN OF ICGITIVE 8LAVBS.The Maryland Senate have passed resolutions reqaesrstug the Maryland; representatives ta Congress to take such Steps aa are necessary to call upon tbe government to ne-gotiate a treaty with Great Britain tor the restoration of slave property belonging So American ctotaen* that may b* found in her provinces.WHIPPING FEES NEGROES IN MTSSOCRr.Geo. Alexander, John F. Williams, Charles Johnson and Vincent Harris, were fined and committed to Jail ta St. Louis for being ta the State without a license. BeingbroughtbeforetheBoard of CountyCommissioners,and unable to establish any right to reside ta the State, Com missioner Tippett moved that the County Marshal be in- struct) d to inflict ten lashes te each of said negroes, aad that then tbey befdtocharged from Jail and ordered to quit the State unless detained for crime. Upon which motion a vote was taken a n d resulted: A yes S, nay* 3. The President decided the motion lost.FUNEBAL OF A SLAVE.[From tbe Fredericksburg (Va. j Herald, Jan. 10.]Tbe funeral of Armistead Walker, the servant whom death we announced on Saturday, took place on Sunday afternoon, the 8th inst. Although the day was Inclement, between eight hundred and a thousand colored persons were ta attendance, as also three or four hundred whites, includu g a targe number of ladies. Services took ptace intheAfrican Baptist church Thediscoursewas preached by Noah Davis, (colored) of Baltimore, former-the "classic city" is just as sure to east her vote for the it ever arise, Michigan will be prepared to meet it with thedemocratic candidate as that the day of election at rives.cannon or the baiter.Amalgamation to a tbir.g by no means uncommont a Mi-OCR SPECIALCHARLR8T0WN C0RRBSPONDKNCS. CHARLBSTOWS,Mam.,Jan. 19,1850.flew the tttfublieami are Divided.It has always been a question among the enlightenedpeople of thto intelligent precinct whether this city be longed to Boston or Boston to them. In the dilemma they have concluded to go it alone, and let the metropolis elide. Charlestown is famous for its saucy politicians, go-fine of $50, or imprisonment, upoa every clergyman ormagistrate performing the marriage ceremony betweentwo parties, the one black and the other white: but, not-withstandingthisrestraint,theretooccasionallyfounda Ycrk,withwhomitwouldbedesirabletodobusiness,then clergymansowrappedoptaabolitionism,sndsolostto Ishalllockelsewhereformysupplies.and the Bunker Hill MonumentCharlestownto national, if not to the core,yet certainly dirty, greasy nigger.a crowd iaTlr- the cburoh belliBut that bellfor betas Utotocalitytaed learning the trade of «»- and the building yet stands. In after years, when year. 3 , - wm. ta thto stetalts^jftdft rch before a public audience—a temperance Hi was then a democrat, a promising one,motive may lead toe outers so iom,3?tS.*SS-^«"5'Sby a union of the Sooth. There wasconnectiDU in which he regarded this unity as of Itwould byits taftaeoce aw**^£2f££weti te t^^on^ tte^oulh. Thatlas*J*W^* South-that tafislitive balance of power—the United states Seaato-waa tort, aad he looked to this fraternal frctmctaltetterthtoaowyteplaor-tosomeexteuL If^vSeSSBrr^'f A**»^^me5 the Brtormatton appeaxa to be^rese.edia our days in theteutonsworta,snTU<l4snoMrteffiaainm eadasj which,so far ft* England U concerned, beganorthA l s H I ft}Bhmh. aUaVmwa\M> V a W alUDat gVUf* •Menjemrftaane w»em» — •»*+.-,I*wnicnb&rm**m£tup aemfor n X ^ / a n d U must be acknowledged he has sne-SJo^s'n^'aad^nc^^ •**he wiU prore h« worda by bat (toed, when the monwmt ^^anrd^to^he republican candidate for the Presi charged legally. There waaThere is not much talk about Helper's bosk ia this re- *°nweoldweimpomlWetaaaordinarylettertospeakofforrendtagtathewholeStato.Thenewtagent,whogion.Therepublicansdonetdesiretoinjuretheircausetwovotesagainstit:andtodayitwasunderconsiderslybcundespyoftheScriptures coloredpeopleo*suddenly sparred themselves to the conclusion thatIrishman are nobody, and that their votes are notwanted'in any election. To be nominated for any licans of Michigan. From what I can see and learn, I some of the proprietors of the leading springs of Virginia,are duly represented in said conference, the sa*1 Com- mtarioners shall be required to report He decstion* tethe Governor of th* State, who shell la; the same **Ce*ftAue next succeeding Legislature. ,office by a body of men wearing the coarse garb of labor-populauon!of Canada. • •*'tteee diflicttSfea aaddangeniarecurrent of travel. Indeed, many of them, as I understand, ma*s^)utniut! remain distinct, inferior and cmueUng. then Irri- shah be allowed tho mote mileage and pay ipeWstem,the people relative to this book, snd I must say that it is endorsed, and ite circulation recommended, by the repub-aretaughttoretiretobedearlyandtoarisein sea- >theresumptionofindustrialtasks. Theymake r own rooms, waah their own own victuals, bake their own bread, i,•u^tolertotheirownnecessitiesis!every Many of them are good and expert workmen at braecbfcsof meehaafcal a r t There is a large and a chapel attached to the Reformatory,six—butandistinctionismadebetweenthemand NotmuchisheardofHelperorhisbookonBunkerState.AtJacksonlargebadsefcoalhavebeenfound,accurate,sincethelastcensuswastakenta1851. eventoftheinaugurationofanewmunicipalgovernmentAMANHUNGFOBANATTEMPTTOCOMMITACRIME.NavyYard,is bynomeanscordial;buttheCharleston Conventionmayhealtheirdifferences,andtheoldstand- bys of democracy, under the shadow of Bunker Hill, &c, againworktogether.TheadoptedcitizenswantDouglas— the others will take whoever is nominated—and be glad to get him.WithnodesiretodefendEnglandfromtheimputations thus thrown on her by the Governor of Virginia,, I pur- poseInthefollowingtogive(asfarasanotverysearch- ing examination will allow) a few particulars concerning the general sentiment of the people of Canada on the John[FromtheDetroitFreePress,Jan.90.] Theneighboringprovincecontinuestobethetheatreof alarms and disturbances, occasioned by the overbearing insolence of the blacks, who seem to have a general or- ganizationthroughoutthewesternportionofCanadft,andArmtotead'etareligiousworkamongthose oftheirown color. Thesermonwasremarkablyappropriate,ani listened to with great attention by both white* aad blacks. Had the day been fair several thousand colored peraou woulddoubtlesshavebeen Inattendance,besidesmanv more whites, for Armistesd was not simply respected bnt, and the clanging of the village tartest manufactories of furniture in the United States are redglareoftheconflagrationeouMbe located.TheirgoodsareinhighfavorwiththeSouthera 1 considerable excitement pre- millionaires, planters, middlemen, hotel proprietors, h e oompletely extinguished. The Two or three owner* of the concerns have joat returnedmanufacturers and speculators, who buy through and oblivious to the fact that the sudden forcible downfall broKers,whobaveagentsinalltheprincipal ofthe"institution''wouldalsotumblemillionsoftheirwhite brethren into the gutter, and force them to give the kiss of brotherhood to a race that even the demagogues regard a*their inferiors, low as they are, tbey say, with mighty trumpeting, " men are born equal, all have equal rights, which the South must not trample under foot." The cugma is as yet not solved; I will not attempt theteat the citizens are arming themselves for defence, and Bays,"Theretosometalkofraisingariflecompany.The l.iggers say they will burn the town up. If that is BO, it is time something was done. I have no doubt we shall have some trouble yet with them this winter."Tbe negroes are led on ta this crusade against the whites by two notorious persons of their own color, named J. D. Snald and J. C. Brown, both of whom fisrured conspicuously In the celebrated»ry occupied hy Mr. Osgood, on the concern to pad down at by Mr Guy. While on thto subjectI that there to aa ta the town,from visits to the South, and their smiling visages betoken their rueeem. They are loaded with fresh order*. It may be esteemed a remarkable fact, but it it nevertheless true, the furniture maker* here are nearly a!1 national democrat* from principle aad interest, aad those engagedState Is wheat, most of which, alter being manufacturedinto flour, finds a market In New Tork or Boston. Themanufactures of Michigan are quite limited, and chionvforhome consumption. The principal cities and towni ta theState are Detroit, Ypsilanti, Ann Arbor (where the Statethere to no ham for working the engine, and ta the- other large occupations are national men from in- terest, but black republicans from principle.Aa the factories in thto town are well constructed bullJ- toga. No accident, exceptfrom fire, need beappre- bended The inhabitwis of the upper elate are rather stiffandexclusive;but,beyondthatclam,allhandswit potties like Christians (T) at the Old Phcenix. T h e former take to lecture* a a d scientific entertainments quite natu- rally, aad the others take to their fun and their old rve m*al as if they were born for that purpose.Abohlten teste and teaote are freely circulated here.Seme read and a great many believe ta them. Bat theantl slavery masses—the mectenion-won/t go the black Interview with the Hon Mr Memminger-Huferiority of the African race or hold it ta contempt, that noforce that the abolitionists can bringto bear will intimi- wbtch, it will be remembered, was organized at tor the quarter easing Dec $1,1$$$, at tbe St. Louis Postrepublicanticket,unicestheirfriendaaichampion, N. p. Banks, to nominated. With bat ft few abolition esoep. tiocs, they abhor Seward and hto treasonable doctrines.OCtt SPECIAL NEEDHAM CORRESPONDENCE.i eJ&SL 'JOf 1800.Alas, xT.JKs»-South-Vininiacipate trouble and prepare for defence. The only sur- prise is that they have submitted to the intolerance aad abuse of such a set of desperadoes thus long. It willby BOmeans be strange should the Canadians muster In their strength and commence a war of extermination againsthese fugitive*.THE FOBEIGN COMMERCE OF CHARLESTON. [From th* Charleston Mercury, Jan. 17.1An examination of the yearly summary of the foreign crmmerceof tbe United States collection district of Chartes- ton, which was published In the comprehensive tables ofLetter* received daring October 88,281$3,216 29 8,210 04 4J8* Utowns and cities. The next great staple production of theLnivereity to located), Jackson. Kalamaxoo,Grand Rapids,and Adrian. Perhaps no town in the State presets* so ta.-k, but believe, as many here who do not admit the in-many attractions as Kalamazoo, and it baa been trulycalled the "Gemof Michigan." The State Lunatic Asylum,and several instttutfcms of learning, are located Ttere.Upon the execution of old John Brown, the peonta of IUe sickness will bring Its own cure. Free tabor, foreign" Provisional Government" affair of Old John Brown,ters sent and received by the overland California mail, Office:—Kaiamasoofiredonehundredguns in token ofasman-cottonOelrfe,machinery, andothercauses,saythey,are destined lo bring about a change, that to far Beeing menLettersseatduringOctober" " November2u.*0$ 1»,*J7Peektg*.•1,T$$ftt1,«04 11proral of the Justice of the sentence.VIRGINIA.OUR RICHMOND CORRESPONDENCE.^ ^denotesanentirerevolutiontatabor,andconsequentfree-da.Btousedaaanenginefortheembittermentofthe " December ttjUm 1,8*4W.wtthftvtewtoonly a trifle over fifty of trade with Franc* taBJCHMOSD, VS., Jan. 17, I860.There wore seat durtag the quarter 816 pounds of foreign closed mad, aad also, during December, bags of letter matter from Chicago and Cincinnati, made np directWhatShouldUtheFUturePolicyofthei5efcrmteed to rut Bertetf in a Slate o / ^atei-TJkeProspects of Summer Travel to tU North-The •fW^itaprimvtoje^etQuBti&I^^,*B'fore Ihem-OWterotum of Party Lines inThe Beraidm the House of DetegoM-sTo-Day.dk., 4c.I bad the honor of a brief interview to-day, at the Hotel, with tho Hon. C. G. Memminger, the •** &>oth Carolina. I sought it with ftview to ascertain in advance the character of the views whichhewouldpresentinhisaddresstothetag the points of hto addrom.hto object being to await with IaretestaviewsastotheIdmompsjttoft. Thmsar^knrwovor.s^iojpoints cf policy, of Hm wastes* *i vbg$h »fcharge oftreasontothesovereignStateofVirginia"with all its accompaniments of murder, arson and outrage." But the eatsuu, it to said, should have palliated the sentence. "The man was a fanatic," sail some; " a lu- natic,"wroteothers,whilethe majority oftheOs**sla*i press regretted tint he and hto assootatea. who had been tried and condemned to death, hod not oted ths death of soldiers fighting their way to freedom, " like the Greeks atMiasiloDght."A prominent paper ta the Lower Province on the day of hto execution said:—the blood of all thosem. Postage.Untitled DocumentProprutortYirgimia-.111.671$10,612 ISregarded this Southern unity i mton by giving anHas for the foundation of~anctety. One ef ths speaker*, ft clergymen, is reported to bsvesalc^«'Th*y«nsw7«d0aewori^ knew, that net-th* verdict of • Virginia jury, aad the Judr- a Brown waa no gfaxo- ww» f*jre up hto life tor his idea." Be conotaded, sfOiery to effect disunion,passed the House almost unanimously, there being onlyStniiW** of Michigan—Republican Bndortement o/ Bdf*r t nor rata will deter him, and there are hundreds of in- limited supply of employment for which they are b y 1. Ttettretowed.byffca ?ei.»te a M H>t»*'Of Rejore AssemFlyFMingammgfktDenuxrats—SenHment<^(keuB<mandsisted en being carried out of thefr beds to the polls. coLvened, That fetere tfc* aeJouTDaseul efcongregated ta the cities of this Provteee. Searee a e+ssiou 0! the- legislature, |t ehall proceed to elect, by Thisisthesortoffeelingwhichnowanimatesherinhercoloredfarmeristobeseenthroughoutitsextent.Fromjote*beMototbotJftiOu?e%.«ixCmmfsstoners,oneofThe blank republicans would not have a majority ta thismeanHectorlea,thesesplendidbuilding*,voiscitywereItnotforthedissensionsamongthedemocrats. whomIbaveconverseduponteesubject,to,onetooneoftheSaxon,thesteadyapplicationtolabor,anlto?ttrttcftheseveraleiareboldingRatesforthen*jointtradeof peaceful and tnduatiioua operativeer The iaeasily found. Themanufacturers,however, tatend to quarrel with their best friends and, cus- are rather determined to maintain ifevlo- tato. m far as I'onneotient, and MerMen espeeiatty, are cpKtonked.tterlghtaelkdftlvlletmof erery fraction ofThepointseemstobehere:Somedemocrats,patriarchs of the party in thto learned city—a city from whose love of wisdom and wit and philosophy the adjoining city ofIhavenotbeenable,asyet,tofindasinglerepublican who condemns Helper's book, but, on the contrary,ftvery one who has read it speaks approvingfy\of it,.and declareshabits of coonomv and ambition to increase propert y with whichittoassociated. Fromthtoheargues thjt o greater error could have been committed thin tv to in in this country tfttlementa or Africans, alone, not on'y for reasons of which I will give an outline, but -hvwi» «-.sB.luition 'JBeitfurtherresolved,Ac.,ThatsaidCommissioner*,One Hundred Oma for the ExecuH-m of Brown, 4c.thousand of the number that heretofore frequented theNorth. AsanInstanceofthefeelinginthtoregard,Iwill state that a young couple about to enter lute the mar-riage state in this city bave agreed to make their bridaltour South instead ef North, contrary to the custom whichhas universal Iv prevailed In that region heretofore This latex* •states* of any race, for the first years ef their lo- and shall proceed to dtocharge tbe duties of their camBoston has obtained the honor and the re- it to be a book that every one should read.MW republic At least thie appears to be one of the re nown of being the " Athens of America"—have I have taken great pains to ascertain the sentiment- of change will involve a loss of muliofls annually to the cation, depend in a targe degree on the work they can mission. Provided, a majority of the slaveholdtag Stateswho have recently visited thto city, are jubilant at toothinktherecanbenoquestionastothedispositionofthe brightprospectswhichawaitthemfromthischangeinthe eflwokinde—teowarlstegfromtheIntroductionofas*>*»ent $.Beitfurtherresolved,Ac.,ThatsaidCommissioners'contemplate enlarging the accommodations at their tatedaacbosUle:*n4thotewhichthreatenusfromabroadfrom each,asareallowed the member* atth* Ugtelstiwe,•PttaM to meet the increased requirements which will re- the gradual accumulation within our borders of a power during their actual attendance on said conference, and nationmostberepudiated,andthemostfoul,treacherousIconsideraforegoneconclusion.Manyintelligent;sultfromthischangeofchoice.TheregistriesoftheInimicaltotheexistenceofslaveryinthe-UnitedStates,andtbeStateTreasurertoherebyrequiredtopaythosametheir forces, fought a aad cowardly means resorted to to cheat said nominee of gentlemen, however, well versed la political affairs, Astor House and the St. Nicholas, Saratoga and Newport eomtentiy threatening it with servile Insurrection.opoa the warrant of each of th* said Osmmaatemmw.4. Be it further resolved, ax , That the city of Atlanta, inGeorgia,issuggested asthe place for the moattagofi i dmpemte fl«ht. and won ft great victory. This the full party vote. Such a course naturally alienates themm aome fenr or ftrn years sgo, and sumo adopted citisens from the democratic party tathtoplaoe;Ethey bare toaamoneiy held thair ground, Ide- and if it do not finally disgust them altogether with the or many eflbris.to displace them. But the holdtaken by the democrats on Wednesday has com- party an it to now managed or mismanaged, it will be ptotaiy ahfoacated them. They are now in the most ter- owing to their snlritfbT foibearanoe atone.rible iright, anticipating their final overthrow and dis- Cambridge Is distinguished for its Harvard University, comfitureinacommunityinwhichtheyhavelongexer- inwhichittomanagedbyaprocesspeculiartotheFacul- cisedthechiefpower. Thsreareseveral manufacturers ty,tomanufactureoldrascalsintheshapeoflawyersoutassure m e that if Dougtas receives the nomination at Charleston he will secure tho vote of Michigan. This I consider somewhat doubtful, although I believe Dougtas would poll a larger vote, not only in Michigan,but through oat the Northwest, than any other democrat ta the nation.will prove to be living monuments of John Browns folly, Helper's treachery, and Seward's villainy.For the first timeta the historyof Virginia, party lines are altogether obliterated in her Legislative Assembly. Nothing remotely indicating party distinction h a s trans pireu during the present session of the Legislature. I was amused at the caucus of the democratic Senators and members called to fix a day for the State Convention,onSpeaking of tbe great increase in the colored populationwithin the last few yeare. and the expected influx of thefree negroes driven from tbe Southern States by the unless longer delayed, for the cooperation of Legislatures, under pain of compulsory servitude, he pro States, and that immediately after the passage of these oeeds to any, after conjecturing what- effect this great resolutions, tbe Governor snail send a copy of ten same influx will have upon the province generally :—The Hon.CharlesE.Stuart,exUnitedStatesSenator, witnessingthedifficulty encountered bytheClerkofthe weiethelacioaaotibeSouthteuaeertagatomrgateswewouldhas led a quiet life in the enjoyment of domestic happi-ness and the society of bis friends and neighbor*. H«meddles little, if any, in the affairs of the nation, and isconsidered a " shelved" politician. Should Douglas sue political status of the body ta dtteil. This result is, of ct ed in obtaining the Charleston nomination, and bo for-tunateenoughtocarrytheelection,ittoquitelikelythatMr. Stuart would receive substantial consideration at bisbands, as a reward, If not of merit, for servicesrendered during the struggle upon the Leoomptonquestion. Stuart is an out and out Dougtas man,and entertains a very contemptuous opinion of Buchananto no good reason to doubt Nor wouli it be a and hto administration. The Michigan democracy are to the reading, which occupied some twenty minutes, andcoarse, due to Brown, Helper and Seward.In the House of Delegates to-day, Mr. H. H- Hanly, ofMtson county, presented the proceedings of a meeting on the Harper's Ferry outrages, held in bis county a few days ago. The proceedings were read from proof sheets furnished by some paper in the county, and were very ultra ta their character. The House listened attentivelyMaffit, United States Navy, was recently at Key Westplease copy.A hearty laugh followed.inssissippr.1havearequesttomakeofyon,which I want you tothe rights of the South under the constitution and the en- dorsement of the Fugitive Stave law as it passed Congress and now exists; If you cannot find such men in NewIndeed, agriculture constitutes the promment industrial Brown raid, the sentiment and feeling of ths white people in character and purpose to those noticed ta other locali-interest of Michigan, although mining aad commerce each towards the negroes, and a tew statistics, necessarily In- ties. Nor is tbe ena yet reached.contributelargelytothewealthandprosperityofthe Thenegroesontheoccasionalludedtoimprovedthe ljyaettLawInNatchez,Mis*.quisition to the State. At Grand Kapids, on the Grandriver,vastquantitiesofsuperiorplasterareobtained. moilscallthemwhatyouwill,ofyourrepublichavecreatedtion. Tbey were met. as they could only be met, by a promise that their claims should be considered. After waiting a day or two for some action to be taken, they again attempted to gain possession of the schools.fered to a young child, somewhere near twelve yean of aga, a daughter of one of our most retpected fellow citi- zens. Thto assault was ta open day, upon one of our fre-OCR SPECIAL DEDBAM CORRESPONDENCE.DEDIUII, Norfolk Co., Mass., Jan. 19,1300. and tombstones, and many other purpose! tor many—few could believe It; but when subsequent de- They were, however, persuaded that sufficient time had quented streets, and of the most aggravated character. Itown nor allow the government to pay its honest debts; The construction of the Detroit and Mil waukee Bailroa 1 but approve not of the hand raised against the oppressor, generally alarmed. Letters received from there yester- in jail.andhencethepoordebtorsareIndurance. Theeffectof hasopenedanextensiveanlvaluabletractwhich rather,saythey,followtheexampleofEnglandandeman- dsystatethatthetownItinageneralfeverofexcite- OnTuesday an Incensed community took the taw in was before almost a wilderness, and placed the cipate the slave b y bard gold pieces, not raise the stave ment. Tbe blacks parade the streets in squads, abusing their own hands, and executed summary proceedings upon to he reformed and avpt out of the way of farther con- the irrepressible is this: the manufacturing interests ^ere Grand River valley in direct oommunicatioa with in insurrection against the white brother of tha emanci- and insulting the whites, frequently resorting to violence. Smeltzer. He refused to have an exadiination of his ca*'_J of nearly $40,000, and yet his parents have been driven to the hart necessity of sending him to thJsptacelaminationuntilheisfoundtobeconvertedfromhisevil waya.Htogreatfailingisaairresistibledesireofsum- •attagaaythtogthatcorneainhieway.and, all tee efforts of his parante, they have uiwmxiil ta their endeavors to eradicate from his young mind. It is, however, lOwthtattedisciToneandtaaohiagsof the y change ta hislookafterNo.1,andpermitSatanorSheriffAdanuto DetroitandtheEast FromthemouthofGraul pator,notdisturbthesocialsystemfoundeduponthe Nor to their violence confined to the males. onTuesdaymorningbeforeAJusticeofthePeace,prefer- riverandalongtheKaUunascolarge quantities crestofcenturies,butgraduallybringoutsidepressurein Femaleswhenmetuponthesidewalksareroughly ringtogoatoncebeforetheGrandJuryandabidetheirbroke out ta Weil Meriden lata evening at about a o'clock, and the ordinarily quiet town wasdice and a desire for notoriety which even this theme wiil not here give them, they call out loudly for the Im- mediate suppression of the ''institution," and confoundafter dark. These outrages, and many others that are of daily occurrence, inaicate a fearful state of thiugs, and may well alarm the white citizens. A respectable gentle- man, who has long resided in Chatham, and w h e to welltakethehindmost oflumberareannuallyshippedtoIllinoisaadWis- The business interests of Dedhem are invested Intan- consin, where it finds a ready market. As a wool ning; the manufacture of furniture of superior styles, fwell growing State, Michigan ranks among the first ta the adaptedtotheSouthernmarket,andtathemanufacture Union. Heretofore,Ohiohastakenthepalmamongthe ef boots and shoes Thefirstandtestorthem occupations wool growing States of the West, not only for quantity, feel the effects of the anti slavery hubbub most sensibly but also for the quality of the wool produced; but the clip although there are some among those engaged in them ot the last season has shown Michigan to be fully her who are sound national men. The furniture manufacturers equal ta this respect The Income realised fromtheformoffreelaborandintelligencetobearagainsta system that even the prejudiced Southerner knows at heart to be wrong.pushedintothegutterstogive placeforthe decision.Thisbutarou-1thepopoUeemorebitterlydo not suffer by the excitement, at they possess sometbinx the clip of 1859 is estimated at nearly $2,009,000. the Southerner with hard name*—''oppressor,'' "niggertoaehewtth ate abouto of man hmtryiag to of a monopoly In their business. In this town three of the The principal buyers of this wool are Eastern driver," "tyrant." are not the least of their epithets: acquainted with the disposition of these outlaws, writesFerry Insurrection. Ite outbreak was at first doubted bywhich marble is generally use 1. When first taken from not been allowed for the authorities to mature plans for the quarry it is quite soft and easily worked, but spatches confirmed the few particulars that had been re- the satisfaction of their grievances. They therefore de- exposure to the action of the atmospliere it is said renders received, all but the most fervent enthusiasts conjectured sisted, though threatening violent measures should promptit hard and durable. Time and exposure, however, do its speedy suppression. Knowing the resources of the actionof tbe right kind not be taken. They now threatenaroused the sympathy of all classes for the young girl and her family ; and hot pursuit was at once made b y almost every good citizen to arrest the scoundrel. A person by the name of Charles Smeltzer was afterwards secured s o the one te whom the villainy should attach. He had made his way to Vidalla, but he was pursued by a crowd of citizen*. Here h e slipped bis pursuers, and attempted to escape by crossing again to Natchez In thto be was not successful. At the Natchez Landing he was met b y a Urge posse of citizens, when they secured and lodged himDemagogues and pothouse orator, of this clime,however, entertain a different opinion. Led on by preju- since, was fired upon when passing along the sidewalkdate tho South into giving np her do:ueetic institutions.Chatham. Shadd conducts a paper at Chatham, the sole object cf which is to advance the interests of the fugi- tives. Ittonotapavingconcern,buttosupportedbythe contributions of abolitionists of this country and of Cana-dom to the slave.blacks against tbe whites, and teems with articles evincingthe extreme hatred this fellow entertains against the whiterace. With such literature industriously circulatedamong the excitable negroes, and with such leaders, it tonot at all surprising that they are prepared to enact anydeeds of violence to which they may be sent With such for California, and not included m (ho above statement ftconditionofaffairsittonotsurprisingthatcitizensanti-As in the Union, the people of Canada read with deep in- terest the law proceedings that followed on the arrest of Brown and his associates, snd but one sentinent was en- tertained (if the press to taken as aa indication of pub-Vievaatto lic sentiment), that rightly was he placed at the bar onTotal 60.M7 $»,239 64CTrtllll.Canadatoalandentirelyunsuitedtothenegrorace;iteLet it he generally nnderstood that we la no respect grudge to the A Mean the aaytarn whtoh be obtains in Canada: aad thatto each of the Governors of the several atavehotding States.THEREACTIONUKMICHIGAN.An election for Mayor, Ac, held in Huron city, Michi- gan, having resulted in tho total route of the republicans,the Port Huron Commercial of the 12th mat, says :—It is thus our people bave rebuked tbe John Brown fanatlcs It is thus tbey have rebuked tbe factious spirit new being exhibited in Oxigrees b y the leaders of the re publican party.TAB SLAVE TBADB.The Florida Key of the Oulf announces that Lieutenantblack ruffians, and the authorities of the town discreetly keep out of the streets at night for fear of per- sonal injury. In fact, tho police magistrate, a short u m eagainst the prisoner,an .1that evening the Jailor was seized and tied fast, hfe kuys to the prison cells taken from him by persons a marks a n d unknown, Sm»ltxer carried from th* toil ti the Court House yard, and there hung-until he wss dead.In the execution of this man w e learn ttekt everythias; was conducted with a quiet and order seWbm ever wit- nessed. It occurred at eight o'clock in the evening; his body was cut down about ten, and depceite 1ta the ware- room in the rear of the guard house, where an Inquest washeldyesterdaymorning. —Smeltzer claimed to be a active of Loutotana, and was about forty or forty five years of age.Overlavaid Mall Letter*.We are taaebted to Postmaster Hogao. says the A LoatoJZexmaUcan, for the following interesting statement of lete 1 Z23L? y"**" *^i f f4$phis4learnfroma oftee4th1a destructiveby which the feeaak', „The fire originated, wamenu occupied by a young tady b abouteleven.Wctocktonight,aadw blerejections.F o w*»*afieldforafewproflte- England desle more largely ta our commerce than amythe$io,ra,ooi.0^ * f " * * * * tate year oar runtesv, navaloccurred m5 'purchased <**hernearly to theamountofamiliktaofSJ**ggjfjLfjgimom eleven millions and, a half cf dollars tnretnra.wod0lle 1 ,lce ,f trmd Wlto *iTn «£ Jf * *angtand ta our favorbjjjtoa. Qfa^ajrt flour, to the amount of al-b UBnewt $Z!! * ^*f» ^anti slaverysosi teas portM&£?*"•• *"••appointed under the provisions of tbe foregoing reaoiu- ti n. shall meet such other Commissioners as may be ap- pointed by tho authorities of other alavihoidtag mtates,saia Ce,nferenoe, and the 26th day of June nextlieutenant M&mtt was ta possession of Inforimatin* that«** «• " "November.. J$,TT4 Decdmber.. 4*,&46TotalThere were also received during the qoar er 1JM4 di-packagea for other oatees, estimated to centos* 18,000 letters, not included ta tho above table, rnaking th* total number ef fatten received 127,531.i~Tattlfca- r-wo Monday night,burned to the grousd. one of the apart-k rami pro- iand par Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 