 III4i palatial residences in Union square, and Fourteenth them was sufficient. But the refreshments were not on consent of the governed. No matter under what different out into the stream, at about a distance of 400 feet from turning fix m west to east; from thence, passing between apparently without suffering the least fatigue aad«Ius the burden of supporting the principles radof advo- cating the general rights of the people of the United States. Here, then, within those walls, so rich with theJa.y efcrt, expla.aia^lBBB thfi ptsg bar wtag* is raptturet, aad SMBF H H B B w ^ ^ SB^asIBB Wn^n^sMBnWBMBBByg BBS> SSJAboot half peat tires e'eloek la the afternoon the «x- •waive dactarge of gunpowder began to;Bsdersnto caaaaa hi tike weather. Darkto the heavens, and aooa a thick, heavy and drenchingBrigade Lancers, (apt D.troopers each, escortlagBrigadier Gen John fawn and (Washington Rifles),Seventh regiment Engineer Corps 13 Seventh regiment Dram Corps—14 drEleventh regiment Band Corps—25 pieces.Ten Companies, sixteen Ales frontSixty-ninth regiment, CoL M. Corcoran.Fixty ninth regiment Dram Corps—12 drama.Sixty ninth ragjajaag (Mannhen's) Hand—30 pieces. Nine companies, twelve dies front.Seventy ninth regiment (Highland Guard), Ool. McLeary. Seventy ninth reglmeat, Dram Corps—10 drams. Seventy ninth regiment, Pikers—4 man.when declaring that, as the representatives of^Hberty,they would not submit l a the oppression of the times,requires, the very safety of the party demands, that they who would support their fa-withheld, and they agreed to arrange the Washington Hotel as aooa as the balance of the raceexultant and Joyous, j rsnUy resolved to enjoy tha holiday to thethat thlathe reatof the day;ft waspet aa aad tout UM rem, after lasting for"dried up," and the sky |be vaather much moreUnknown.They started well, and came in at the first round as fol- parties teak advantage of this to get apit? _ ! " / " "with rn:raaaai ardor, aadprbeB night aet hi every- wm n splendid amditiaBforth* fireworks. Roman i, pm wheels, b oe lights and firecrackers blazed*the discipline, marching sad salutes on this achieved. Our freedom had been established. The go-of the City Hail the national ensign and the i and Corporation flags floated to the breeze, the bal- windows and steps of the City Hail were crowded the shade trass in the Park wars black urchins, who will, no doubt, one of naan s governing classes. A suitable enclosure by a chain cordon, and which served to keep hack MM crowd, was guarded by » detachment of good meting policemen, ia whicb the reviewers were to stand. a a few moments after the arrival of the military, ' Wood, membera of the Council and members oflane had strings of flags fore and aft, and presented quite- a pleasing aspect.after made a second ascension, much to the delight of the juveniles. Mr. Downey may in time become a successful aeronaut, but at present he exhibits too much aarvaaa-THE STEAMBOAT EXCTTBSI0iv8.Timid citiieas, in order to escape the noas and ofthe city on the "glorious Fourth, " availthe thousand and one opportunities afforded them onday to reach the shade aad quiet of the suburban retreat* which surround New "Fork. Whether they alway* ana* ceed in realizing their expectations, or whether, oa ac- count of the vast numbers which leave New York, aO intent oa UM same purpose, it la not BTrbaagtog Jbyam for Charybdis, qr. to use a more familiar aiustration,jumping from the frytagpaa into the firs, toa different question. Ia addition to these timid people there are- others, and perhaps a larger number, who think that the- only proper place to celebrate our great national anaiver. sary la outside of tha city. That we consider a»meel for tunate circumstance, as our friends from the rural da- tricts have ideas exactly antagonistic to those sf city- folks, and think the only proper place to celebrate toe- Fourth is in the city. The consequence is that a stampede takes place from country to city, filling the latter with a crowd for whicb the steamboat excursions aid :nBut despite the crush and the thousand Utile isaoy- aaces to whHrb the pleasure seeker is subjected on these excursions, he is more than amply repaid ia the novelty of the scene which to spread Before aim on every side. As he glides along the river the forest of shipping, with. every mast and rpar decorated with the national colors of our own and other countries, the gaily dressed BMaawaaa plying to snd fro in the stream and on the bay, the volup- tuous strains o'music from the barges and boatslight hearts are chasing "the glowing hours withfeet;" the chiming bells from the iftty, intermingled regionally with the ooarm voice of eanuoary, ah oaaaoto- tnte a scene which goes far to compensate ham for She* lit- tle inconveniences be suffers, if it does not totally dispe all thought of them.Perhaps oat of the most interesting of the exaursioa that took place on the Fourth waa that af the magauficeatt steamer Commonwealth, belonging to the BWsasB aedt Stontngton line. She left her wharf at pier MBKertBs river, at ton o'clock, with between four and s*w thousand people oa beard, sad proceedod out to the- Atlantic around the Lightship, nffbrltog a fate view of • Staten Island snd Fort Tompkins, Sandy Hank, tha H«o- laads sad other prominent features of tha I/>wrr B*> Notwithstanding tbo latmerim number sa board tha> gtsatest goad humor prevailed, sad no uuuissaul incident' occurred to mar the eajoymeatcf tha day- Afinemilitarybandoftwenty-fiveptosesenlivenedtoe-with daysCouncil barge, who took sketches of the different races,! and there was one gentleman who hod an apparatus forfwho, no doubt, has bad great experience in his profes- sion, s exactly the converse of the young gentleman named, for he appeared to be as much at ease woile sitt ingefGaiainar Morgan rode up to the Mayor and dismount- traditions of the past-here, upon this platform, from ', when both officials exchanged saintsIwas, the Gover- wntsh those principies of which you are proud, have beenThe ERvMsa paraded aboai foar thousand men, s irather a small number compared with former demonstra- fectual than st any other time. Success had beenlows:—Oscar Teed,Thomas Jefferson, Star of the West, Theodore Gravin,Japanee.Joseph A. Gardner,Annie, Get Along,ciag parties oa the grass, act cariaf for or anything else. There were other bandsrweet sounds in different parts of the wood, and ati one o'clock a grand concert of farcy]woods echo to enchanting harmony. AU<!were tents, flaunting with flags andalso numerous swings, s gymnasium, a weighing machines, shooting galleries,testing instruments, an improved apparatus I rying the strength of the hand, machines for devathe muscles of thearm,oneof whichwewerecompensated in s measure for the diminution in numbers.vernment was to be set in motion, and then, when re- lieved trom the pressure of a common peril, was it that men's differences of opinion on minor and governmental points began to work out the distinctions and Unas whicb prevailed between parts af the laid. Oa one aide were ranged those who, not conceding the full power of the people to govern themselves, were the d isciplee and advo-UBknown.On tha second aad winning round the boate takingprizes were as follows:—Oscar Teed, Thomas Jefferson,Theodore Gravin.ThefirstpriBBwas $100,thesecond$50and lbsthird$26.The Seventh regiment, as they passed the City Hall, wars loudly cheered.away la front of private bouses, while thousands ofMdaaSC displays of the Corporation. Ibe celebration was march, and those at the Park, under thefdirection of Cap- cates of a strong government—a government of consolida-The polios arrangements along the military route ofkeptopuntilthesmall hoursoftheawningofthe6th. We five bate* a fttU and grasbio aocoaat of how the day waa calibrated, aa faithfully paotographed by oar re-THE MTIJTABT PARADE AND REVIEW. fair weather is a Bsasamry concomitant of a grand BMtttary review* and in this respect our.citizens were par- awaiarly favored on the Fourth. The son shone forth through a clear sky, and his rajs came down da terrathemselves—and that as often as power was exhaust- March/"-Hail Columbia," and "the Star Spangled Ban- ed, so often should power return to its source,tains Hartt and Weed, were complete in every detail,as evinced by the preservation of good order and decorum.!competency for pelf government, affirmed, and ultimately EKLLT—THE D188KK8ION8 IN TUB DEMOCRATIC FAE- established, the broadjprinciple of the right and power of TT TO 81 HEALED—ON* BANNER TO TASK THK the people to govern themselves. (Applause.) Here yon perceive the origin of parties, which must always exist under a popular government. On the one side were those who, from human interests, human desires and am- bitions, contended for a strong, consolidated government: on ibe other side were those who, with more general andmocratic party? They found themselves a divided party. and their word was law:— J. Sherman Browne!!,Zacharlah Toorhirs, William H. Bulteel, Thomas Byrnes,FLACK OF MANY—HOW IS IT TO BE ACCOM PLISHKD! The chiefs, sachems sadi warriors af Tammany were Swnwawaad to assemble in the Groat Wigwam at twelve o'clock, to participate in the celebration of the Fourth— be order of exercises being announced as mask) by Shot-But although they should be beaten in this contest, tha Jas. H. Welsh, would not be the prostration of the democratio party. John Hall,There would be a regeneration of that noble party, whichexisted from the beginning of the government, and wouldexist to the end. (Bravo.) He hoped they would alsustain the regular organization of the party. (Applau.se.SUphen A. Douglas bad not been hia own choiceSydneyDorian. hundred,otherswentuptotwohundred,andhidtoex-plore a bruised mauler at that, while our American aha*. pica, before whom the English champion went dowa1 propelled from a mortar, drove in the paddedtill it reached the astounding number of six hundred< atholic tendencies, declared that! sovereignty should be Jtrma with smBtfenl force to make everything appear ton's Brass Band, the select pieces being "Washington's permitted to remain where it originated—with the peopleAfter the second prize had been given to the rightful owner, the case ofthe disputed four oared race was taken up, and after some little deba e aad a gnat deal of bad feeling, the matter waa finally postponed for arrangement until yesterday evening at eight o'clock. Some of thepleasant. Indeed, we could sot have desired more plea- sant weather. Early in the morning the air reverberated ^_g«ssw - 1 —a -— mnisi f^f a a a t t t a l SMaaamasa a\#4*.^a^L^f Ivitf ttkJfe V^ks*tnewax-didate of the democratic party—(cheers)—and any oppo- other with potting aa oar through their boat; but wecould not possibly arrive at any safe conclusion as to tha "Arenfs" billiard saloon, with Its six handsoaaner"—an address by Grand Sachem James Conner—thesition that might be offered to him was a factious one, merits of the case; but for the sake of fair dealing and tables, waa well attended by the lovers of that aoak> for every one would admit that the government would honesty, we hope the charge is groundless, sad that an game. The hotel was crowded with the pleaaaa be as safe in hia hands as in the hands of examination may set all things right. . seeking visiters; and during a heavy shower <f any other man named for the Presidency. The judges of the regatta hem a special meeting last rain which fell about three o'clock, it was aaaa HetrustedinGodthatthisdissensionwouldbesettledbe- evmirg,attheWashingtonHotel,No.1Broadway,to toruffocation. Daringthistime,however,% fore the election. but if not, it waa their duty to aland by decide upon what boats won the fourth race, some trouble parties outside had to take refuge under the covers! the nominee of the party, on every consideration. (Bravo.)and that at limited periods they iwho bad been invested reading of the Declaration of Independence by Brother with the representation of this popular sovereignty should military compaales sad reghaento at their marchings and John T. Hoffman, aad an address by Brother John Coch- return and give an account of their stewardship to the asaatormsrchings,ingoingfromtheirarmoriestothe rane.Fromtwelveo'clocktillonethebanddiscoursed peoplefromwhomitsprang.Ontheoneside,therefore, Brvtolea Parade Ground In Fourteenth street, where a musks from the balcony, from which also a num- you had at that time the great federal party—a party in-cluding within its ranks honest, upright, able and patrio- review look- place in presence of His Kxcel- ber of the "governing classes" amused themselves tic men—men who bad in the field land ia the cabinet beeninstrumental in achieving the liberties of the country; men whose names are, even at thisjday, synonymous withThey still had a party, and even should they be beaten haying risen in consequence of the stake boat havingthe tents and booths. We heard one disconsolate damat deploring the deprivation she underwent at aaS bean) able to continue ber enjoyment to the light fiiiasslli iufby showering flre crackers and torpedoes on the passers by; », the parade ground was in Fourteenth street, the but at the latter hour the attendance of "chiefs, sachemsin the contest, the mere abstraction that divided them drifted during the storm, and on the day of the race tha judges were unable to determine exactly who were enti-Gevarnor E. D. Morgan. As we stated imilitary column resting on Broadwar. Whoaand warriors" waa exceedingly slim. Elijah F. Pordy was the glories of the American republic. /Applause.) Butnow would soon be obliterated from their memories, and tled to the prizes. There waa also a charge made hy the She had not long to wait, however, for the gtortous sat the great democratic party would go on aa | before. crew of the Judge Voorhies, of Brooklyn, against the Boon dispelled the cloudy sky. and she was tad back s> ("Three cheers for John Kelly"), F. 8. Wood, of Newburg, of striking an oar the temporary ball room by her attendant swain. Thethere—the War Horse of the/democracy—so was Johnit waa against men of that description, of such pure mo- - i .tive and such lofty intellect,] that the great dis-d This ended the exercises, and the meeting broke up. through the bottom of their boat, and sinking river presented a most picturesque scene. Several ve*nual regatta, and, in point of interest, it was no way be- o'clock A. M., and were announced by the usual giberna- and solids, which has been from time immemorial an ac- claiming that they who had achieved independence were hind anything that took place before in our waters. Twotorial salute of twenty one guns, fired by a detachment of companiment of Fourth of July celebrations at Tammany, able, competent, and determined to sustain and supportwas not forthcoming. Was It that the office holders will i t From that period to the present, it ware needless for large barges were provided—one by the members of' theTAMNAXT 81 PKKIOR TO TOB COXSTrrTTTON. We who are here to-day present another aspecta nephew cf Professor Wise, entered tbo oar and made a rciaes of course consisting of reading of the Declaratios bawd his early and subsequent career on that fundamen- thing that would float was pressed into serv'ce. 1 The; verv.brief trip to the upper regions, the ship having been of Independence, speeches, singing sad dinners m theof this conjoined and important view—one not inferior to the others, but, oeihaps, rising far above them. It is that which presents t- all of us the political aspect of our country, a basia on which ail its other representations rest, and without which we had long since degenerated into anarchy or passed into the slough of despotism We stand here to day, brothers, representatives of that great Society of Saint Tammany; or. of the Columbian Order, which, coeval with oor federal constitution, now stands proudly forth as one of the pillars of the land It is above and beyond written law. It. is superior, even, to that lew which is proudly proclaimed to be the organic law of the land. It is the great tradition, resting in theminds of our predecessors, (he great advomtes aad disciples of wa the steps sad walked out to the re- freedom and democwv, coming tons in the right linetal principle to which I have directed your attention, theright of the people to govern themselves. B e , too, hasadhered to the fortunes of the democratic party equallywith the society which I now address, land of which I amproud to be an associate member. He, too, has sufferedin its defeats and triumphed in its victories; and with afirmness equal to the position which he has occupied, anda steadfastness that has recommenced him to the highshipping was gayly decorated with dags, and tha Harriet secured by a rope. He descended ia safety, and soon day, sad fireworks to the night.viewing point, which was partially corored by a canvass of descent. We, aa their successors have Imposed upon bodiment of the principles on which our existence ishave takes place at 12 M., did not come eff, in; of the multitude insiue at.d outside the gardens. The roofs consequence of there, being uo wind. There were of the hocse* in the vicinity of the gardens were covered -.. !th perrons amiois to witness the interesting spectacle, eleven boats entered for the race, and had it taken and although they were r spelled to suffer the scorching place it would have been the most exciting apo of rays of the sun, tbey received abundant recompense inthe day. The boats were to be sailed without j adders or 1et>o)diB£ the successful ascension.oars, and would have to depend upon their sail alone for lie deqr.-nded a Tittle after noon, and, sbiguhtrty enough,alighted in the groundsaf the Kings conuty penitentiaryJthe purpose of steering. There were two prizes to be ' on Ix»g Island, about five miles from Brooklyn, where heswarded, one of $90 and one of $15. The race will proba- was received and taken charge of by Sergeant Lricb, ofthe Ninth district. Mr. Wise says he never before wentbly take place in a few days, when the people of Now to prison ia a balloon, and as he had to be "regularly dis-York will hare an opportunity of witnessing th:s njoveJ • barged ' before ho could get out, ho thinks it will be»ome time before he drops anchor in a locality so race. The following were the boats estwed, aid are* tl:e • fibbed, cabined ana conuned" again.founded, and that, if oor efforts can conduce to the end, his fotare course shall be one from success to success, until it culminates in the glory of a proud ensuing tri- umph. (Loud bravos.)K-VTHKlt roGeT—WHAT DOBS IJT MBABfAnd yet, while thus the adherents of our candidate, we have duties still to perform as members of the party which nominated him. We do not proclaim ourselves as oppositionists or adversaries of those especially within , — explained to them the relative merits of of the country which that society and that party sustain our own ranks. We ask that they who have seen fit to divide themselves from this band of brothers, rvgisaoat aa they passai, m the following order — THK SCHISM TO BH HKAUCB—HOW t they who have seen fit to! depart from M l M11JTABY COLFsLN. It is known to yon that at thai present the true, regular line of democratio nominations, Grey troop, Capt. J. M. Varian, escort to his Ji.TM*.^*!*1. **?* P**!*' U l e <to»«ratio party of may advance to a consultation which fo will be as wil-passing over to the opposite side af the parade so often announced—ir it that I take my stand this morn- ing la a few spontaneous,but not unpremeditated remarksaavinga Stcoadamateurs only. The boats entered were tha What Is III?berg aad to the gnat interests of that party the Tammany Society, occupy, to enforce upon yoo the im length 46 fast; Nyantic, sad •Hhe Aurora, length 45 ibet embraced by the visiters, who spent a dengatful eveang,His Excellency. Gen. Sandford oon- to explain to you, as I understand it, the position of the* , but look a position near the Governor society, the position of the party which it represents, andGovernor Morgan an'"" flaadtoro.Geaeral Sandford and Staff mar JHUOJUHL~n a r t s d ^ d w a m n ^ T i ^ ** , ^ ^ * " * parted let* disunion end disorganization, and yet thereis no r-ssnu tosapposeOhat that disintegration „r dteoT ganimtH* is laden with flaal disaster; but there is every I?,W*J0.S£T?L*"*£**•> »»at with the union and coni-bmation which have characterized us for so many yearsing to embark in, and that when patriotic emotions, hon- est sentiments aad solid judgment are Invoked for the aid and assistance of the one party, and for the support aad triumph of the one man, we may consent to sacrifice all persona] partialities or prejudices and come with a single heart to the great work of reintegrating the democratic party. (Bravo. 1 Now, fellow democrats, I bare per- formed the chief part of the labor which I bad designs- ted for myself here to-day, with BO studied argument toones that will run when the race does take place:—At two P. M. there was a grand matinee, the princtoalattraction being the first appearance of the Y ates BalletC B "*picer and Staff. orapp*ps—firteea drnms. Seventy first regiment Knglunar Corps—ten men.* •W i n^ .wKn e 4h , m w J .MP**101* condHionl^hatfeet.Laclsy star. Jersey, 39 ftct.,f * £ ? * % £ * * * * * » •Us coarse to mat nakm which Is tie author of that vie- 1 address to your eats, no persuasive accents to take cap-satisfaction to the audienco.,-lh«- leading feature of the ev< atng's entertainment wasVVtf wiUoacemere take . - •L«*B*t companies, tory consequent on all its efibite. (Applause ) I sneah-tive your understanding, bnt in a few brief wards, to ex-.an instrumental concert by the new Palai-e Gardens or- chestra, under the direction of Mr. J. F. Strattoa. The opportunity thus afforded for promeuadiag was <ngertyf^ioffottrteeafliee. COLplain to you the philosophy of the position which you, as5•srentyp Elghtj^utnjMuies, tw* Ive fine front.flk*aryn»»JpF--- nihil l Wet, con, bs Hosdrons of twenty wo men each.wJJS^BBHsBaeSSjp^ n ^ " B S » K»« ^ TM I A- a^BWBawjH ^ %A^BflBasvWwnanHa " of twenty-fourportance of that position and its full competency to the • 5 J 5 " £ ! ? to , < w more m U Y mw- signification embark in the career which these remarks bars suggested.in no political or partisan sense. I refer you entirelyAnthe interests of the society of which you are mem.wham that society represents; and ia order fibat work of conciliation and harmony, and to ask that youtin* your attention to the instrumentality of party ia A MORAL rounCAL BXHORTABOM.I cannot take my leave of yoa without referring someto wnicn a arises wnen we consider the means employed what more at l*ngtb to the general features aad interestsJ which was directly against the rules of the r*ce. The Eagle also withdrew on account of breaking an .jar.There was a strong police force present throughout the •isy; but as there was no disposition to violate the strin- gent rules, w b i * are conspicuously placed throughoutfor the mtagration and preservation of the coun wyI stand nere to day with the proud affirmation that the offices of pa ty countryof the great party and association of which we are the the humble components. We ha* e, thus far,as I have in- timated, saved the country fr«m anarchy or from the equal reproach of a more ruinous despotism. Oace more the burden is cast on our shoulders of snatching this jewel safely from the perils which environ it&and rescuing our rag from the dangers of threatening win. The joy whichThey started at thirty, two minutes peat two, at the the gardens, their services wore not called into reqmai-IL. «ZIZ_» __1That ffe^ihol^J^L^** *'taat tney who have wandered from the failwhich leads to the wood, the beautiful aad charming scenery of the wood presents ttosit, reminding Ions of the highly cultivated rural diatrtots v'old nagtond, and causing involuntarily exclamations of delight. A sense of relief at oaas pervades the mind, and one feels that he it fur a time freed from the noise and dust .ofBlBas~ssaar*tsaF~liyaa"t if S °SVWsee in tne place of a divided party aaa organisation, and one „„ „ _srd $» the election of oneorganized themselves into that band which struck theArstblow.tne consequence ofwhichwas that Declara- vorite chief should invoke to their assistance democratsover. This was agreed to by all parties, and the last of The first object whics attracted attention ea fa.rry < the races was commenced.The fifth race waa then begun, sad proved tha most ex- ing the wood waa a atrge stage erected for toe i cltmg of the day It was for the championship of tha dation of dancers, -oa which some forty or fifty •ts• f Ii » 4UOB of Independence which has been read from the all over the land, notwithstanding prior divisions, anlplatform. This party, my brothers, kf the great imple- notwithstanding sentiments of antagonism which now ment of freedom. In other words, its associated action, pervade aad divide brother from brother. I h»re de-scull boato, and the following were tha entries Thomas Jefferson, length, 28 fast.Joseph A. Gardner, length 26 feet.Star of the West, length 25 feet.Oscar Teed, length 2fi feet. Theodore Gray in.Annie, length 24 feet. Japanee, l e n g t h » feet. Get Along.whether that associated action shall nault in the casting out of the tea which represented then the tyranny im- ported from abroad, or whether, it shall be eliminated aad disclosed oa the bread historic page and emblazoned with the signature of each person who signed that instru meat, goes claw down to the date of the birth of our in- dependence. That was the achievemeat of party acting faintly in its inception, determinedly in its course, until, culminating in the proud act of a declaratory independence, it stood firmly in its full proportions before the world— the great party of freedom in the United States. (Ap- plause.) But yet itwas not at that period, my brothers, that the offices of party became more determined and ef-tained yoo too long. ("No," "No.") » is no; fit that we should occupy these hours with too much discumioo. A simple truth, suggested at the proper time, is of more value, brothers, than boors of spasm making over aa extended surfitce. Let me, therefore, impress ajpon yoo the importance of views of this description, sad recom- mend to yoo the suggestions I nave made, and I am sure that the next anniversary of this oar Independence Day wiU show to as that the wisdom sad patriotism of oor councils have resulted ia the success of the demo-cratic party. (Applause.)RBSOLITIONS OF THANKS.There were loud calls for Kelly, after Mr. Cochrane hadtaken his seat; but first Mr. ELIJAHF. PTRDY offered a reso- lution tendering the thanks of the society to Mr. Cochrane for his eloquent, truthful and patriotic address, and re- questing him to furnish a copy thereof for publication. He also offered a resolution tendering the thanks of the meet- ing and of the society to Mr. Hoffman for his affle and masterly reading of the Declaration or Independence. Bothwere revolving in the maxy waits, while probe My twe< three hundred spaetatora ware looking on mttion,whichshouldvestthepowerandcontrolinthehands of a few, who, by talent, ability, superior virtue. or artificial accident, might be entitled to, or had secured the high privilege of the administration of public affairs. On the other side, however, there were those who, withREMARKS OF HON. JOHN KSXLT.Mr. Jons KELLY, in response to repeated calls, came for-TAMMANY SOCIETY CELEBRATION.OF HON. JOHN COCHKA.N>B AMD HOW. JOHN full confidence in the integrity of human natureand in Itsthemselves now in this old building dedicated to the de The following gentlemen acted as judges on the occasion,• be English champion a lesson hi the great art sf I sea* defence. This machine has a graduated ansa on which the force of the blow ia indicated. SosMaa>. sons who had tried the Instrument made ninety, mat aall the troops of the division had arrived at the properpeace la lino it mastered thirteen regiments of ail arms Van Bnren, its punster aad Joker In ordinary. The arid levelled his most _forcible "propositions. It was ] Jlmes Connor was postponed till the occaaion of his* inau- her, but the judges left that matter to be nettled by thelbs Fourth regiment of artillery, under the cj—i^nd of ma to attempt to show that the country has been Common Council, and another by the members of the New afternoon at two o'clock, and the course will be round walked backwards from one end to the other, and Van Uent. Damreli not pay up their assessments, and that, therefore, maintained and preserved by party—not only York Regatta Club. Both barges were very tastefully de- Ellis Island, in Head of round the stake boats. over the whole distance oace; ha threw himself into tha at other points the military ceremonies were truly the funds of the society are at a low ebb, or that by party, but by the democratic jparty alone— corated with bunting of all descriptions, and, with the The length of the course was four miles. The boats most difficult attitudes, stood upon his head, It was deemed advisable to avoid the unseemly (•'Bravo, bravo," from a patriotic office holder)— started at a signal from the Judges' boat, going north to a balanced himself upon his balance pole, hung by ess apartywhosecreedrestssimplyontherightofthepeo- crowdedandpleasedpassengers,formedquiteaninterest- stakeboat,anchoredinalinewithpier4,Northriver, leg,anddid othermostextraordinaryfeats,ts,andthesubjectwellworthytheattentionofan The windows and balconies of the Union Hotel, Everett House, Qarendon Hotel, andint, ware filled with the fair forma of a countless num- ber cf the beauty and fashion of the metropolis ; the ple- beians and the less favored of our citizens contented themselves by taking a sidewalk view of the proceedings,and tbesmatl boys and the big boys appropriated the trees and lampposts, to themselves, from whichhand, and neither were the warriors. There were pro- bably some hundred persons present all told, but they did not look very warlike, nor evince any high degree of interest in the proceedings.A platform was raised at the north end of the room, with a desi, table and some chairs, for the use of thephases that party may have appeared at different periods of its existence, no matter who may have been its tem- porary leader, no matter what the; declivity or descent which destiny had prepared for it, under all its aspects and with every change, that party, true to its principles, moved steadily forward—steadily forward in support of James Madison in the war of 1812—(hi, hi, hi)—steadily forward in support of Andrew Jackson—(hi, hi, hi)—the shore, and there anchored so as to enable the guests to have a good view of the coming regatta, ' On board the Common Council barge they had Robertson's band, which helped very much to enliven the scene, by playBig gat short intervals some of the most fashionable and in-spiriting airs. On both of the barges they had a colla-the judges' boat and the Battery, going once more around the 8aqae course without stopping.any mishap. The time he occupied In performing fin- four Journeys was abpfft thirty-five minutes. Oa arrtrn* at the end of the sope he seated himself for a few si nam and then returned on his perilous foot path. Theawassa- ful performance of each trip was announced by a volley elnow at the eighty-fourth celebration of the an- did at the review. Everybody was on the tiptoe of ex- niversary of the Declaration of Independence. All citement to see the Oii«f Magistrate of the State; and if through this land bonfires, snd exclamations,as representatives of this proud order, to use all oor efforts ers, aquaria, fountains, the happy family, the ducks, for the healing of these divisions and thje curing of these ills. fVweather the storm, whicb lasted for nearly half an hour.And what instrumentality is to be worked for so great an The email awning over the boat, instead of serving as a peacocks, turtles and refreshments, to say nothing at the occasion as this? Is there any other more patent than thegaud looks or size are integral, or distinguishing charac- and concussions, and the heavy booming of can- by which a crowd recognise the Governor of a non, and the joyous ringing of bells, are anno-rac- Governor Morgan may consider himself signally ing to the high heavens the feelings which prompt the utterance of a great, free, independent people; and it is The portly frame of his Excellency, and his cor- eminently fit and proper that it should be so—not that > horsemanship as he rode down the military line, were the labored oration should be expressed to admiring audi- ences, not that the study which has been eliminated and matured in the silent and midnight watch should be brought forward for the consideration and gratification of multitudes, but that the irrepressible joy of thousands upon thousands who have felt the benefits and who live under the fruits of the etiort s of ear forefathers, should ascend and expand all about the land of their redemp- tmri- that we t>haatd meet spontaneously everywhere, at the police, affording an uninterrupted view of the pro- the street corners, under the grove, under the glorioussociety of which you are members? Originating with protection to those beneath, only gathered the raiS,anfthe present constitution, dating as far back as 1789, then deposited it with force upon the unfortunates below.music, none found it difficult to spend an agreeable hour. The grounds are beautifully laid out. There are other attractions with which the frequenters of this favorite resort are familiar, not tbo toast of which is the pkttur. epque and beautiful effect produced by the brilliant illu- minations of the garden snd concert room on all public yea«ions.particularly distinguishable.a s the troops pursued the route of march, the sidewalkswere interrupted for a short time, wore continued, every-aad door stoops, the windows of privAe houses and stores, •was the first floor* to the roofs, contained all classes and sanditions of spectators. The stages and other vehicles ware tamed off from Broadway during the parade, byThe * proprietor of this establishment made special youthful leader is styled, marched to a grove on the up-ceedings; sad this, added to the good order preserved by the police, made the affair a very grand scene. Broad- way was perfectly clean—thanks to City Inspector Dels- waa which enabled the troops to march with ease and precision.da the head of the military column reached Chambers street, the troops denied to the left, thence to Centre . to the east gate of the Park, where It temporarily prior to the appearance of his Honor Mayor Wood i Council at the usual receiving point inof the City Hall,another grand scene greeted the eye. On thecanopy of heaven itself, and there, ia un-premeditated utterances, declare to all about us cil, and let us see whether the distractions and agitationchildren could be seen flying at alt points to seme plice 4 g;.t-s w<re thrown open. They succeeded in amusingrush to the refreshment room that has always charac-terized such occasions? We cannot say. Perhaps both principles of faith from those lines that were reed here ing picture.these reasons may have bad their influence. Either of this morning, that all government! is derived from the At about twelve o'clock the two barges were towedturning from east to west; from thence south, passing oa the great delight of the gazing multitude sat the west side of the judges' boat to a stakeboat, anchored the infinite terror and dismay or many timid old ~in s line with pier 1, East river, and Governor's Island, The bold aad intrepid acrobat performed his danmight Witness the whole affair. Ibe Union park, sachems. The only decorations in the ha 1 consisted of steadily forward in its determined and vigorous supporti with verdure, and the fountain in its centre in fall throwing up its sparklingjtts of pureCroton, ion the houses, the inspiring music of the military i, and the shouts of the spectators, gave ttidfcffiiirsmite a dignified character.The Governor, on ha arrival at Union square, was re-I •BewnaaBwaa "*• ^majp* W B * ^MHssaAtA V }four reilectors and a statuette of Andrew Jackson.A sachem, with a ruby velvet belt and the medal of the order attached to it around his neck, read one of the by-laws of the society providing for the due observanceof the "glorious Fourth."Brother Jons T. Homui, wearing a bhte silk belt withred borders, read that "String of glittering generalities," the Declaration of Independence.SPEECH OF BOH. JOHN COCHRANE.of Martin Tan Boron IDeffecting the independent treasuryple to govern themselves, a party which draws its firstDOrCIAS TO BB CPHXIUD. Brothers, we have here, to be sure, withinscarcely had the rain subsided when the Battery was again all life, and no one would have imagined that any j thing unpleasant had occurred.absnJ. vLich occupied a "tend in the open air, mean- while discoursing several popular airs.Tie fading feature of th« programme of the day waa the -'grand balloon ascension" of Prof. G. A. Wise, which xi a • announced to come off at ten o'clock; and as a mat-these walls, defended our position as we ought to, before the world without. We have declared our advocacy of the regular usages of the party, and we have taken by the hand that man who is clothed with the regular nomination. (Three cheers lor Stephen A. Douglas.) He who is your favorite chief, he who bears now in his strong right band the ban- ner of Tammany Hall (hi! hil hi!), ia evidently Mie man of the people's choice. (A voice, "That's so.") He, too,The scene in the bay was well worth seeing, and fohnesja picture that New York alono couid prodbce. Therej ter of course the spot wher the aerial ship was located and the whole closed with a dkcharge cf flrewo ks in thaof a principle which prevails without should intimate to; you that the theexpressionofthatwhich •ouncilswithin shouldheundivided inorderto tlqufty. Therefor* I invoke be effectual. The language of the day is onefirst preposttloa, that with- •f joy aad. thanksgiving of joy that weprise;sadtheAurora,second,takingtbesecoadprke stJones'Wood,The time was for the What Is It?, 30 minutes lOaeconds This sylvaa retreat, so we;l known ss tha principal re- rip with some good ntosic, and wa« material.»aidinger" nnaaiij amah* not only -T » •ram nad temaaa * tobrief t o a.1 have amda, ft •re still permitted to continue aa a nation, and of thanks- giving for the prosperity which sheds itaasT abroad all this land. And yet with thiswe secure the anchor of the republic the vessel will not ride in safety, but be tossed on the rocks. That anchor Is the political action of the masses. Unlessthat (hall be properly directed that pro merity aad thanks KBBfWBB be quieted and will have departed from our borders. Unless they in whom is reposed the power of thecountrybe awakenedtothe properexerciseof their power the watchman on the walls will watch m vain. Wesort of enthusiastic Germans aad expatriated Frenchmen,' S & E R & St than t ? ' w t c S S S1 1 U^lhSg?"*"*'•^^a**^^* TM * ^ P<BIWBHBMQof ikelaw ^SBW VDSMSBtsaan)^.tortadftnrWthrealived toffflwiteh m vain. We Purify every emotionaaemlmwlk-^^ d ^ " *« - * . WJashlp « * a «8 C^sn\ftA W rm* i k *IJI*mt*>by John« those proud colo-jSv.G-et, ; 8M3S,a 7 * a— . . ^ "**"*" "oe reward afor bisladBaaav flsr each head of whom ^he \ £ £<m-^that without da—— — f •theWT»A»JCE.70 THE WOO*On alighting from the cars at the depot, and on turning•SBBBfdsmnVlB MBHT fMsanMsT snMBxssarfSaaamadma »- -* M „ 4 •_te• mBBJBBBB' •BBBJBBBBBBBrBBBBBBJayi'B U Ahavedividedt induced to return have passed, weof - " ' ?^ i f e j f » » d . $ T » ,and the third, $ » .T*„. , y t S I»m m(Applause.) aa^^aW'-daeada Vft 9Uatf: ^ffav^^^^^g^^ . ] t. .. , uowcan nee oanerwsse while you continue to seat yourselves with proper respect in this baWHowcanitbeotherwisewhileyoaarecalledby daily summons of your chief to council in the wigwam, Id while you advance with proud aad aaSured step, aadH with downcast eountenance and hesitating judgment.Untitled Documentaa* * ^*a^MBBST BJB#BBBB> ^BBBBBJ flBJUBJBL IMBBB^a 8jnaW ^k*fj BOQQlSHT 9 9 SBJ£8Q~srs to be defeated you mutt remain di-vined. Therefore let your w i n be beard from thesethe crowded metropolis. Ehawereerected,wheresandwichos,lager,icedlemon-and other detoctables ware exposed for sale, together t two or three swings, as it were in opposition to tha others erected to the interior of the pleasure The entrance gats was deasely thronged by the great numbers arriving by every oar to nar.witn i - -,,_, ton the faith, they who BB»ahafl y y perasaaioo beresolutions were adopted. .j^,-v:A Donglee (rhssart ta»im- dedstcn of the judges as to the winner ofSties for the proper celebration of the Fourth was the an-of the judges was deemed satisfactory by all, and the to the very margin, formed a scene worthy of the panca meeting broke np with cheers for the Jndges and the re- af Iandaeer or Rasa Boahear.porters of the press. The great attraction of the day was UM passage of theThe judges have set a day apart for the race of the sail- tight rope by Angelo Cblarini, who passed four t.mesever boats, and have changed the course to be sailed. The a rope wven hundred feet in length and raised to the race will take place, wetber permitting, on next Monday height of one hundred and flay feet from the groundc hetion for the'guests; but there appeared to be a generallaw—(hi, hi. hi)—steadily forward In its support I complaint df the small quantity of edibles, while there further in tbo minds of the people the glorious Fourth, tered about reclining on the lovely green sward, the jay.of the great Mexican war under the auspices of James K. IPolk—(loud bravos from the office holders before men- f were plenty of drinks to be obtained on all sides, jA par-and to impress upon them the necessity of always cele- brating it in the mostjoyous manner.i iTROTTING AT HARLEM.KBD Horse TaomsG Cocaaa, Wednesday, Tul A—Purse$26, mile heats, best three in five, ia harness.wis burets of laughter from the delighted children:.t thrilling strains from the large number of musicalmenu, while the jolly German quaffed bis glass ofbier, filled up a truly cay and happy tahlsaur one—men. women and children—seemed determined that the glorious Fourth should be spent to a manner sat to be forgotten, st all events till another anniversary sf tabtinned)—steadily forward through all iu administrations, supporting all its Presidents, not because tbejr were crea- tures of ius creation, but because they ware the types and representatives of the great principle for which we Contended, which reposes atthebasjis .if our principles,son who obtained a sandwich was considered extrcnwly fortunate, and there were many who went hungry all the Iday.The appearance of the Battery attracted unusual atten-Iand which ia, ia truth, the great glory af our institu- tion, on account of its crowded state. Fran one end to C. Brooks' g. g. Riley ;.. $ 3 2 1 1 1 day comas round again.tions—civil and religious liberty. (Applause.) In brief,The Boa. Joaw OIOBRASB was than introduced, and was therefore, brothers, I have how explained to you the UM other there was nothing to be neon but human Seines, M. Rhoden'B br. g. Japanese X . . . . 1 S 1 3 2 8 In the evening a very splendid display of oreworxs—; to review the troops.presented, .whoa lbs Governor and Maj.(*en. greeted with three cheers. He spoke as follows:—Bro- offices of party in the support and continuance of our in- and the estimate made by those who were judges of the D. McCabe'a bat. g. Black Jim 2 1 8 2 3 2 supplied by Messrs. Edge, of Jersey City ware added Isthers of the Columbian Order, I appear before you quite stitutions. I have shown to you that in all the career of., accompanied by their stalls, passed down the unprepared, and perhaps unequal to the solemnity and this country it has been produced and accelerated by the number of persona gathered on the Battery to view thehas, the horses aft a brisk trot, too regimental bands magnitude of the occasion which invites my address. instrumentality of this one glorious and undivided party. regatta was nearly twenty thousand. The neighboringTime, 3.O0—2As—2:6*-4:68-2:oOjj—3*0. crown a day of the fullest enjoyment, sad Jones' Tuna wilt long be a household word to many a hardworking fa-pbying and colors drooping. The review ended, the re- vtewmg officers returned to the hand of the division, the ana was broken into columns by companies, and afterdelay marched around Union square and downThere is no period, however, at which ho who has been enrolled ss a member of the society can mora fitly come forward to address you than the present. An occasion surrounded by so many considerations of importance, of gravity and of moment, an occasion so unequalled in oar annals, so unsurpassed in the history that has preceded as, never, perhaps, has presented itself tor the considera-Therefore is it that I say now, at (his period of my re- marks, that the juncture of present affairs is pregnant with matter of importance and of dOcp deliberation to every man—patrl it, citizen, alien, Dative or adopted.piers and docks were also crowded with p cple, ail anxiouB to witness the races and to cheer on tut-.r fa- vorites. *jThe only drawback to the day's amusement was the storm that sprang up, and helped to dampen the ardor of all in more than one sense. Those in the judges' bookTHEDATATPALACEGARDENS. mily. GRAKD BALLOON ASCENSION OF PROP. WIS*—MUSIC,to the%tars, the earth, the skies and the green fields our joy in the achievements of our forefathers, and our pros- per ity in the enjoyment of their fruits. (Applause.) The occasion, then'fore, partakes eminently of many conjoined considerations. There is the roe social vewi which presents the domestic aspect of this great and growing country to all eyes and all minds as a fit type of the pro- gress and advance of free and liberal institutions. There is the great moral vi(>w, which represents to the nations of the earth this great example of freedom on these Wes- tern shores, secure under the shade of free institutions elaborated by the minds of freemen and supported bv the strength of free millions.of the political waters without may not, through our ef- forts, be succeeded by a great calm.safety, and in five minutes after the ram commencedithere theuiariveK by inspecting the various objects of interest were scarcely one hundred people left on the ground] E • L presented by the combined assistance of art and nature,1KB Ciouns THAT LOWER CFOM| OCR HOC8B.I stated to you that we were now occupying a divided attitude, that divisions had crept in among us, that oppo-DANCING, FIREWORKS, ETC.The "Glorious Fourth" was celebrated in an appropriate manner at Palace Gardens, Fourteenth street, which is, in some respects, the most attractive place of amusement inthe city. No less than eight thousand persons were preAlTHE DAT AT THE CHARITABLE D3BTJT0. |TI0N8.The approach of any holiday, sad especially the "gis»rious Fourth," is hailed with clamorous delight by tha little ones in the various charitable institutions supported by our city. The Fourth of July always comes to tana with promises of beautiful dinners, '-goodie*,'' and f a like. Nor was yesterday aa exception t> the genenk rule, nor ware the children in any way* disappointed s> regard to the treat which oar City Fathers gasasasB% provided for them.On Randall s Inland the children passed the day a a ery pleasant manner. The young cadete here hoist** the Amertosa flag at sunrise aad saluted it with a dn-> barge of cannot) ry. After breakfast the boys formatntoTine,, and under command of Major Ripley, as theirGovernor Morgan had been a European crowned, he could not have created more excitement than he tion, certainly not for the discussion, of men. We are site organizations were threatened, and that it became us, were exposed to it all, and had to patiently sit and set t during the day and evening, and between the flow-this society has .marched, with equal steps, throughall the vicissitudes and all the fortunes of the partywhich it rc-presmts. Whether triumphant or defeated,Tamany Ball has been in an ecstacy of plaudit and when the sun again shone out, and the ra.;»«. whicu or covered with the crape of mourning. She has felt toher ti>most core every blow aimed at the party which re-presents her principles; and as democracy has led forwardtb« country, or its antagonistic principle has retarded its citement and good humor. motion, so have the watchflres of Tammany Hall blazedor paled upon the midnight air. And it is now with anxie-ty that the eyes of all without are turned toward the ao-iions of this venerable and ancient body of men. Wecome before the world with the sanction of our past his-tory. We declare the purity of our motives, and we askour brethren without to come and unite with us in coun-However, nobody forgot that it was the glorious Fourth, and accordingly bore it with a fortitude worthy of the day]-body forgot the drenching they got, and all was agajn ex-arrangeQi'.&ts to celebrate the anniversary of the nation's independence, and offered s series oftropol!s. The gardens were opened at aa early hour, gathered there fled before the storm. Men, women and aiu! the v.trcrs commenced to arrive soon after theper end of the island, where the exercises of the day •ommenced, and where they were received by Oommav ioners Bell and Draper. Commissioner Draper addrossed •he boys in a speech proper to the occasion, and in whicb he gave them some good advice, and expressed the BV entkm of the Board to do all in its power for their com- fort and welfare. Master James Alexander, aa intelligentlooking tod, followed in an address composed for the oc- casion, after whioh the boys joined in singtog a patriot* song, entitled "Arouse: Columbia"* written for the occasion by Miss Faaay Crosby, a gradusss of the Institution for the Kind, in Thirty- f o u r t h s t r e e t . T h e D e c l a r a t i o n o f mdependenm- was read, the children performed various-other exercises,The scene on the Battery when it commepeed to rainwas amusing in the extreme. The thousands who had 'attractions to the pleasure seekers of the me.during the process of inflation was the centre of attraction were steamers loaded down, with passengers, some of for the spectators, old and young, of both sexes. It wasevening.At the House of Refuge, the Blaekwell'a awaad Luaatk* Asylum, the Five Points Bouse of Industry and the Mis- sion Boose, the day was BBSS appropriately kept, the es-them almost bent down to the guards; there were exeur-j sion boats, private boats, Ashing parties, &of, and every-s:t-r elfven before the balloon was prepared to go on its perilous voyage, at which time Mr. James F. Downey,The illustrated papers bad artists on the Common nep« to sue teed :n aerial navigation. Professor Wise,post where now he is clothed with the sanction of a de-mocratic nomination, he is now presented before you taking instantaneous pictures. The excitement on all| r his car (which, by the way, waa rather a rickety con-w itu that firmness and steadfastness as his proudest attri- butes and his chief recommendation to your suffrages. (Ap- plause. ) Therefore, as the nominee of the regular democra-sides was intense, and at the close of the regatta ail nern) aa ir he waa lounging to aa easy chair ia his draw- ing room.expressed themselves pleased with the day's entertainAs socn as Mr. Downey reached terra Jbrma, Professor Wise entered the car, at twenty minutes to twelve, save the -nraal to cut lo •»•, and in as many seconds as it takes to ]ien the event, Vunus glided beautifully into the airment., .tic party, sustained by our society, cheered by our spirit,we here, brothers, declare that he is worthy—worthy ofallcar efforts; that he shall receive those • elforts as the em- The first race on the pr^rauimo which was to hko a thing of life, bearing Mr. Wise aloft amid the cheersTHK RACES.Nan y , l » feet,Dan Brya it, IP feet. Peter Kcegin, 19Chas. Harvey, 19 feckJulia, VXThe second race on the list, although too first that wasreally run, was between thaaixearM boats—opsn toThe Nyantic took the place of the Waverly, Which ivas and before their departure uitaeascd a magnificent das-play of fireworks furnished by the proprietor of the es* ruled out of the race, on account of having a picked ci^ew, taWi^iment.feet.t tled "Mone Dup»ta: or, the Barber," in which the Wr< u family, -vlebratcd juvenile vocalists, took the leed- ng parts. A Japanese danc?„by twelvejuveciles, led by "Little Tommy," was a novel affair, and afforded greatThey rounded the stake boat at the condusica of thefor the Aurora, 82 minutes 28 seconds. The nrti»JT. J. Cody, 19 feet. Reindeer, 19 feet. Julia Dean, 19 feet. ' Maggie Conciin.Troupe ani the performance of a comic pantomime en- ;liot.SCENES AT JONES' WOOD.The great national anniversary of the Fourth ot July | ahce as follows,-the What I»It? ahead, winning the first I v.j.sccitrtrated ty a large cumber of our fellow ctttsea*word of MM judges, and got off weu\ together, eliciting many cheers from their numerous friends on shore andWS^jaiav^m'-www• » " " .':i-;M;...T*;-- —••T~--.This concluded the day's amusement, and the Judges ed the noted J. C. Heeaaa used to practise ward and spoke briefly. How, he asked, did they fin adjourned to the Washington Hotel to award the prises. previous to his crossing the Atlantic tobecause be foresaw the very evils that bad resulted fromfats nomination; but Mr. Douglas was new the regular can- crew 6? one of the boats accuse one of the crew of an- thirty.Cochrane, its dramatic orator, sad so was Prince John ciple of liberty and d fm o c J?c y l i l w d .. hia £«*••* nSTbj address that was to have been delivered by Mr sela were passing up and down, all bedecked in holidayaf the service, and extending over one half of a mile against those men that Thomas Jefferson arrayed him- guration as Grand Sachem, some weeks hence.club, and confined themselves merely to the deckoon of trim. The steamtugs J. Chase aad May Flower worn- the race. After some little debate they decided to award landing their passengers at the river stairs, and thaw the prises to the boats as they came in, which waa as same up smiling aad chatting merrily. The follows:—TheUnexpectedfirst,theCharlesMcCaysecond, Lunatic Asylam and Workhouse, oa theSheriff, John Kelly, came In before the proceedings com- self and the great republican party of the age—not the re- at length. The temporary headquarters of Governor nor- menced. There were also present W. D. Kennedy, D. K. publican party of 1800, moving through dark and de-malsadstaffwereattheMetropolitanHotel,fromwhence Delavan, DeputySheriffsDunlapandCornelland Douglas vious courses under theobscurity ofBight,butthere- they ware escorted by the excellent Washington Gray Taylor. The only federal officer whose presence we ob- Sub)ican party of the eighteenth centurymoving upwards Troop, Capt. J. M. Varian. His Excellency and staff, in served was Anson Herrick. The slim attendance was >wards that light in which rejoiced the flight of thethen proud emblem of our independence, the American sail uniform, arrived in Cnioa square shortly after eight accounted for by the fact that the usual supply of liquids Eagle, expanding itself through the fulsome air, andTHECORPORATIONREGATTA, jAmongst the other things provided by the city authori- and the Stranger, of Poughkeepsie, third. The decision site banks, with the beautiful gardens extendingThe arrangements of the barge, &x , were under n com-mittee confpoeed of some of the nerabers of the Board ofAldermen and the Board of Councilman, and it will beonly doing them justice to say that everything waa con-ducted in aa orderly and peaceable a manner as anybodycould desire, nothing occurring to mar the pleasure ofthe day, if we may except the shower of rain. Taken on they floated above the tree* on the soft and balmy air The the whole, it was a success, and served to enhance still laughing snd screaming swingers, the happy groans seat,bs devotees of Terpsiebere, ao small number of whom. were on board. The Commonwealth returned to She ettybout three o'clock.» e third race was between beam with two annJ «r came up from every part of the city, and the railroadscaUs, and the judges, at thirty one minute, neat H ^ cars did sa exceedingly thriving business. F.recrackers sare trip round Staten Island, passto "'w e , . f o r the firat, a silver trumpet and a ehamoia£nm? ! was the centre of no small degree of excitement. Crowds n s s ^ a n d for the second a silk American eaaigaf T "started toe bonii.which were s a d W a f f l S f P" Kcirculated as extensively at the Xr.w Yeas Hssuta.Tha appearance of the grounds was highly pleasing. f a s watt dressed groups of happy and thriving art tows, the gayly decorated teats, tha fresh green of animated nature, the noble river sweeping along, altogether com- binedtomakeascenesuchasiararelywitnessedbut on lestive occasions. >Kill Von Kuli and Newark bay, and good opportunity of seeing the RegA pleasant trip was mads to Long Branch, k f I boats conne:tmg with thr •—** TM B Railroad.The steamer Nauahoa made excursions dowa tha toy, affording a full view of the beauties of the bay, the bracing eaaats of a las asa Swiss, and affording her per-seaswrsan opaorunlty for hathlag.The steamers Satellite aad J. A Storesa ssade trips as. Roekaway, affording a good day s amusement x fishiOaV boating aad baihingThe sieamboats BBSBBSBBJ aad Crotoa mads aasurtwaa to tba Caetstaaahmg aaaks.Ibe steamboat Broadway mads sa saeurstoa ap BBS> Hudson, touching al West Potot, COM Spring, Corneal! aad Newburg.UM steumer Kill Toa KaO Wend.tbo steamer Alida made aa easarsios to Newburg touching at West Point.G^Wtasalp,, j ^ Moifc,^length 38 feet,i * » * » * * , « d re- INear the entrance severalof their steps.were assistedplatform s t one sad of the dais, almost altogether i ed as flags. The delightful strains ofvarious instruments could haof the extensive grounds,The graceful movements of thai by an excellent bead stationed e a a iDuring the day numerous flre balloons were seat up, their variegated shapes presenting a very pretty appearance asThe handsome steamer C TanderbiM also madaa phavThesteamerMayQueenmadeaaeacursiontoMM 1 f I6E T . ? * * ! ? * ^ ? * °P> »d. upset all the arraaaenZITto Newbirg, stopping at Wast Point, and anVdmg har IaanasBgari time to view aaa fetttfloattona at that placeTba Twelfth rtgtossal band accompanied the aaasf*BsfJIlTarMLFifty fifth regimesThomas M. TryniskiM , driving BomecTtb. stake"l»oSV7onl"lhe^^ ^•— •-•- . . W H S Mjvir MHJDOrBj and setting the judges' boat adrift; the conaeeuenM n/.saying that while you aie the309 South 4th Street Fulton New Yorkdvocate af «a- www.fultonhistory.com13a069e e ^ t i m ^ a o s t ^ b o ^tog Banks. ^ ^B « steamer Hendrik I 