 ft iI-i!anainstrumentsforphysicaldeformities. evident that Mr.Calhoun could notsucceedGen.him to come out with an address and assure the South that they have been lying. I t doesn't a p pear, however, that he thinks it necessary to doIv all parties.to the Republicans.On the evening of the 29th. eight men, with masked-faces, went into the store of Pearson 6c Co., at Pern, Eldorado County, and demanded the keys of the safe, at the same time presenting pistols a t Mr. Pearson. H e gave up the key, when they, opened the safe and took all the money aud specimens of gold it contained. M r . Pearson made a movement to leave the room, when• ,RepubkV;«ji .. Dtmocrit'u; DeUolfw. ..M»'tbitten his own nose on"; if it had been de- creed that he should do so, it followed of course thathehaddoneit. Butdexterousasthatmaneven will esteem it far wiser to bear the evils fiers took advantage of the passage of the com- that they have than to rush headlong under the promise tariff to back o u t of their false ^position, guidance of the Rhetts and the Yanceys into and luckily for" that time any collision with thef >BXST XOR F AXJIT TJSK.JAXX4 MXCRATTXN*. Gen. Azent.A Vjlniingtou. Del.'COAL On..50barrels,superiorquality. PICTOB COAL On. Co.,No. 43 John-it.BATCHELOR'S HAIR DYE.—-Reliable, harmless,and instantaneous; Black or Brown. Factory, No. 81 Barclay-and dischargedits contentsiu the face of AMwife, who stoodim- mediatelyonhis left. These arethefacts asdetailedtouaby several gentlemenwho witnessedtho disgustingaffair.".on thobanks—their bills being rapidly sent inwith the language of these gentlemen before the election, b u t , under, t h e present circumstances, can they refuse'so small a sacrifice to the cause of truth and of their country ?'•'.;..'•"•news seems to paralyze both wings of the Democracy. Senator Gwin and" ex-Senator Weller, on their po- litical, tour, are coldly received, sometimes postponing a meeting for want of an audience. .The Douglasite* fare little better. All parties concede Lincoln's elec- tion, and the Republicans are gaining strength rapidly, as they recruit mostly bv drawing volunteers from the.4*-' ,^Ifc& ms&m s NEw^lO^iaK*gfi • f/rr *'rf**torrt* f»%H.^lTaflJSUlf'.;• Mil••W^iMWMWftAfMMMfHWQVM-'—'•"•"'"Bn0inc0B Polices.junnr^i*•" i" " " " ~~TM ^-"^— ~i"i~f •^rtnjL~irLruT-n_n,IMMENSE STOCK.<*W n r r x * CLOTHING. & CO R R A T R X I H : C T I O K ! !Mr, Seward ot" Gliomas favored the pt>st^m«»e«t. Hewa«opposedtodoingAnythingsoearly to indicst*I>e»troNo. 214 Broadway.IMMENSE BARGAINS.£XKXKXSX BARGAIN*.IXXKXSK KARUAIJ.'*. ,InordertomakeroomforourDecemberImportations,we.pro- •pour to offer greatinducements to the,HOC»KKXXI»IX« PTTBUCof New-York who happen to haveapretient or proapectivowantof HOUHK-KCKXISHINU AKTICLKSin our line,DCRIKW THX WHOUC OX NOVRXWER.moat inxitingprices for White OT Decorated French China. Din-Popular Sovereignty are as incompatible asThe steamer Moees Taylor is advertised to «ail for- plenished also, the terms of the' following per- .Panama Nov. 19, to connect at' Aspinwall with theNo. 555 BRODWAT.gentlemen, at all hours o f the'day and evening. •'that South Carolina is already beginning to feel more, and the third egg struck the hat o f Judge Douglus, bursted tion. A r u n , i t seems, h a s already commencedtion which prevails in the South. It is true that The political campaign draws toward a close with such a declaration might n o t altogether accord less excitement than anticipated. Disastrous Eastern,RADICAL CURE OF HERNIA.—Dr. S. N . MARSH,founding of their darling Southern Military.and African Slave-Trading Republic?some incidental advantage, almost the only advantage thev have had since the campaign opened.The Republican leaders are hbpefm of carrying the State, and were not the election so near u t hand, mak- ing it difficult for politicians to change in favor of theof the well-knowu bonne ot MARSH it Co., No. 2 Vency-ot., New- York,dovoteaspecialattention tothe surgicaladaptationofhis RAIMCAh Ccxx TKTSS to all cases of Rupture, however compli- cated. Avisittotheirestablishmentwillsatisfypatientsortheir physicians that he is prepared to treat all cases requiring mechan-The Legislature of Georgia, now also in ses-sion, has refused to.fix a day to chose a Unitedlamation, in which he argued the question with the Nullifiers on Constitutional grounds; ad- ured the people of South Carolina not to be ed by demagogues to their destruction; held out a modification of the tariff as the probable re- sult of the approaching extinguishment of the public debt, and expressed his determination. totrying for three months to convince the South,T h e T r i b u n e for California.Will be ready at 9 o'clock this morning. It willcontain the Money and Market Reports, Marriages if he gives theni aid or comfort now.counter.The Common Council meets t!us evening. L e t them see to it that the large up-town election dis- tricts are divided. It is well known that in aome of the districts, XVIIIth and XLXth Wards, there are so many voters that it is nextto impossible to- receive all the rotes during the brief period of a December day.•The Pony Express, with California datex of Oct.27,hasarrived. ThenewsfromCalifornia as tuimrportant. A n e w steamship line v ia t h e Isthmus to New-Yark, in opposition to the V an-derbilt line, is advertised. T h e New-Ahnaden qnickuilver-minecase is progressing iu the United States Circuit Court. The late massacre in OregonbytheSnake Indians wasmuchexag-gerated. The Oregon Legislature adjourned on the 19th.»We beg all our readers to understand that, 'in printing the current gossip with regard to the Cabinet that is to be, we print it a* gossip sim-t h eply, and with a full comprehension of the fact lar exhibit of the various sums made out of theparts of the Union. . /•With all the zeal and haste of the secessionistsyears to procure the gift of a pier privilege as on the 17th of December, is considered herethat M r. Lincoln is not at all likely to make uplisCabinetwithinaweekafterhiselection,nor.to blazon his choice to the world till after hetthaH have made his selection known to the gen-South by the North, amounting to the snug totalsouth of Pier No. 1 North River, has taken pat-time for reflection, and as indicating the unwil- lingnessoftheStatetoactalone.T h e Greorgia legislature. Mn.r.KDGKvir.T.K,Ga.,Friday,Nov.9,1860.tlemen preferred byhimand received their re- CustomsperannumdisbursedattheNorth..sponses. Anybody is a t liberty;to construct a Profits of importers.Profits of shipping, imports and exportsfancy Cabinet, a n d o n e man's guess is prima fa~- Profits on travelersProfits of teachers and others at tho South sent North.Cabinets as in anyotherway.The steamer Bremen, with European dates ofthe iioidea streamuponourselves, and will notthe Southspring lations. The secession project requires herto course of legislation succeed in getting his ac- needed all the light that could be obtained before ataboundtorapidwealth,strength andposition,andinashorttimeoYutabadowourenemiesandrenderthem powerlessIV constitute herself an independent State, implying tion legalized. Is it not disgraceful that such action. Afewweekamightdevelopimportantmatterspublicbyarepudiationof-theirheavydebtsto nowinforce;andmorethanall,thesettlementof offoneendoftheBatteryandCorneliusVau- Lincoln'selection. Thereweremeasuresmoreim- thePlains:Ninetytrains,composedof1,773wagons* portant to the Convention. Retaliatory legislation emploving2,090men. 693mules, 18,117 oxen, andoar.' --->,... .•> . .. ...', .m^!,'t^!iu!ifaiiaii!^ • " » < ^ ' - ' ^ - - ^ - ~ * » ^ - - . ^ - . ' " ^ . . -- ^W&mmm&immittm BSXBBWMW?MWBB|PBBEWlPnagEgaw«aBH«ro'/'mConference. The London Times thinks it^ was suspend specie,payments. Onewould,think that»••*•*••.'**-*»*.4*>* .«•>-..,1• /7"occasionedby'thefact thattheEmperorscame thesavingofthis$231,000,000perannumwouldtogether on such terms that, it was undesirable preclude the necessity Of resorting to such despe- be consulted. Suppose the right of peacefulMr. Harris of Worth inquired whether Mr.Howard favoredRecessionifGeorgiaBOdecidedinConvention. He thought Georgia would not be sustained by other- Southern States b y thus indicating her wilJingne^ to submit to Lincoln'a election.\ He considered the safety oftheSouthw:ustoactadaunit.speedy action, as Georgia would be represented in the Senate till tho 4th of March. He agreed with Mr. Seward that so epeedy an indication to submit toAfirebroke kitchen of the ing, destroyed i nerofMaman extending throt on South DivifiH. Q. Chamb fourth story, ;u C'arland, of th Was burned to Orson Phelps there is an i.' Uew-Englahd Hr. Hodgesof proprietor of JLoftsonfunii! 3?eabody, drngg Hii ranee. Mi.TO from$J20,OM),t $50;000. The-*;. -which prevents kuilding. It ii lost, and it irtfv ishedalso. O .< dowandexdain not find the-wajUteln his room, lie wasnotsc'.rJT h e >Major Beaorc; necrs,hasbeen;tary Academy present Snperint ttenu-bnnual exaEiui;<J.uAllegany..___, Jiroome....... Cattaraugus. j Cayuga . . Chautauqua.-: Chemung.. Chenango.... Clinton . •Columbia Cortland Ilelaware . . , X>utche«s... ErieEssex...... Iranklin... Pulton Cenesee.... Herkimer... Jefferson... Lewis.... Livingston.... Madison JMonroe..... Moutyomer),Isiagara....Albany....: •Greene...'. Hamilton, >>a Uings . !New-Y ork.. Putnam.... Queens . . . .LiucoInViii.-ij A portionand are Uai>li piereturns, not vary mac wore, and itW' ••""•' It is baretv"majority iu'iit ThGn-r'tfgains over G o r*,137.to hold a-protracted.session. The Austrian rate—notto saydishonest—expedients. BeforeItalian policy IBpublished, b u t contains no now cutting loose from the North; it would seem to Carolina claims to be conceded to her (and w ethe.City,havingbeensoflagrantlyviolated. Sucha step, however, if contemplated, should be takena? once, or, before w e know, it, the tw o moneykingswill have seized upon Castle Garden,and,secure within that fortress, lay claim to th e en-tire Battery, and set both City and State au- the election of Senator. There was no necr-snity offeatures. A n engagement had taken place be- be but common decency to pay her off. tween the troopsof the King of Naples and thePiedmontese, between Tosano and Sessa.certainly will not dispute it), it does not follow that she will find it practicable to regulate herintercourseown terms. If she finds her relations with herThe Neapolitans, leaving many prisoners on thetVnmqkCxoriuaraandFen*WIIU.NOGooneforMenandBoya, field, fell backonGarigliano.- VictorEmanuel isasubstantial confession thattheyhavenore- sisterStatesperplexingandunsatisfactoryintheUnion, how can she be sure that she will not find WearedeterminedtocloveouttheentireStockinthepresent baldi,andtheysetaboutpreparing fora grand well-consideredopinionofasingleSouthernState, themstillmoreperplexingandunsatisfactory,outWe have concludedto offer our luge and complete stock of•t aGXJUTKxntrcrJox m nuosa,preparatorytoremoval. had arrived at Sessa, where hewas metby Gari- liance upon being supportedby thedeliberate and stand,brfnfwhititmay. TMspresent*aORXATOPPOKTUNITT battlewiththeenemy. Theresultofthevoting muchlessbythe'body of the Southern people. ofit?Threeweeks from to-morrowwearetohave theelectionofLincolnwouldplaceGeorgiamantag-t o provide complete outfit* from th e LAKOKST STOCK of MKS'S •adBOTVCtoTMixoandKTRXWHIMOGoon*inthecity,AT ExTJOoaaT L o w PRICKS'.DKVUX, HUWOX St Co.,Noa. 258,259and260Broadway.ROGERS & RAYMOND,BringresolvedTo keep the lead they have acquired b y many year* o f success* Democratic National Convention of 1860 a t a* a> yFAPHIOXABLX Cwmnxo Hocsx.Have hroaght out a great variety of elegant Winter Style"in Overcoat*. Bn*ine« Suits, Promenade, Riding and Drcxs Suits,&c~. Ate, atPxiCZftSOMODXRATKAa to place themWITHIN ETXRXBOOT'S REACH.Call and examine the new Stock at - -No*. 121,123and125Frtlton-st., andWith so many important points to consideranother election, this time for Charter officers. On the 4th of December, twenty-four newCoun-onism with her Hister States, anthe news wouldbe speedily Bent over the country that Georgia acquiescedon the question of annexation, in all but one Their whole policy consists in the attempt'tonerSeta.TableGUum,Cutlery.SilvcT-PlatedWare,Iron-Stone chief. TherewasnointenttonominateDouglas forthe6thdayofJanuary, theConventiontobinding on the officers or citizens of South Car-W«re, White and Fancy Toilet Ware, Va*e«, Parian and other Mantle Ornaments, together with the hrrgest and most varied as- sortment ofGAS FIXITOIMto be foundin the city. _ LW . J. F . DAIT-KY k Co.,. No. 631 Broadway.~ T H E LADD & WEBSTER SEWING-MACHDJE maynow be hadforFifty Dollars. .. . LADD, WXBSTXR 4CCo., No. 500 Broadway.assemble on the Monday following, being the 10tholina. underAll b»nds given, o r to be given, for duties,Address D. J. LXTT, Superintendent, No. 493 Broadway.JSURRI^^OCDOIR SEWING-JLVCIUNE, -notorious that t h e Fire-Eaters deliberately pre-ferred the election of Lincoln to that of of the members from the upper districts, wherenullified. No appeal was to be allowed from the State Courts to the Supreme Court of, the United States in any- case in which the validitye\"es. '•!••„'-'•',••., ,,.The great New-Almaden Quicksilver Mine case i*Price * 4 0 . • (Licensed.)Douglas, a n d have conducted t h e canvass withthat view. Thev knew from the start that theircourse at Charleston, Baltimore, and since, ren-the great body of the free inhabitants of the State are to be found, asked for more time; but it was answered that telegraphic messages were constantly arriving—-whether from persons in o rGROVER & BAKER'? CELEBRATEDNOISEIASS FAJUJMC SRWIXU-MACHIXKS.No. 495 Broadway, New-Y ork."No. 182 Fnhon-nt.. Brooklyn.GOLD A N D SIL VER,Bought b yG. C. AIXKX, No. 415 Broadway.TOWER CLOCKS, REGUI^ATORS, AND OFFICECtocxs—the most accurate tiraekoepers in the world.SFKRRT 4. Co., No. 487 Broadway..DERBY'S COMBINATION BANK LOCK./of the ordinance should be drawn in question. Child under our present system. All State officers were required to take an oathwas followed by Edmund Randolph, for the Govern- ment, who spote during the entire session of another week. TheHon.J.P.Benjamin,forclaimant,ha»THE STEREOSCOPIC EMPORIUM-, Wholesale and when Judse Douglas arrivedin Montgomeryfrom Columbuson Retail.—¥.. AXTHOXT, No. 501 Broadway. the night of the 1st of November. This gentlemansays.(^hoaeFORT KEARNEY, NOV. 10, i860. The Pony Express from San Francisco on the 31st ofon the part of the majority; but the "Chivalry" acted so as to preclude any other result. A nd, Douglas being nominated, they put up a bolting ticket and deliberately broke down their party.thosevoid,We do not know that Mr. Lincoln might nothave beaten the united, harmonious Democra- was referred shortened the interval to precedeall such to givenecessary and toThe Board have a most. important interest Slavery in the'Territoriea—not as a principle, but as acommitted to their charge. None but the very Two men were dreadfully lacerated at Eruso Valley on the 25th by the premature discharge of a cannon, best men' ought to have control of our educa- •while tiring a salute in honor, of the Pennsylvania,AGENTS~WANTED EVERYWHERE for EUREKA cy; we do know that it was much easier and the election by a month, substituting the 6th ofSKWISG MACHIXKS. Price $50. Every Machine warranted. safer to encounter it divided. And it is December as the day of the election, and the prevent, after the 1st of February following, thetional institutions. ' With such, we are confidentthat the highest results may be attained at a.farless cost than that with which the cjty is nowtaxed. By the census returns it appears that still pending in the United States Circuit Court. Thoargument was opened for the claimants by J. C. $18.'per annum is the cost of educating each Peachv, whose speech occupied a week's^time. H«dered Lincoln's election inevitable; a n d , a s theyare by no means fools, they must have designed put of the State w as not specified—calling forto support the ordinance and the acts of the Legislature. passed in pursuance of it, and all citizens were enjoined to give their aid in carry-The Herald calls for a meeting of merchants been speaking continuously for the past three day*, to persuade South Carolina a n d Georgia t o stay and has just dosed, and Mr. Randolph has commencedwhat they so determinedly accomplished.speedier action; a n d finally, t h e proposed amend-in the Union. ,W e fear that such a meetinghis reply. Revcrdy Johnson speaks next for the•«fr6m the neighboring States, and the specie de- —Are the men whose hands perpetrate, or manded. Senator Chesnut has followed up his.-SPRI:Case beats «,bout 50 in rh«whose harangues instigate, so dastardly a n out-late speech by resigning his seat in the UnitedMi. Sold and appliedat BATCHRLOR'S Wig ractory, 16 Bond-st- rage as this, likely to be soon intrusted with the States Senate.\ tis conceded. The deleguti Pemocrote, ".>— tion in the Mw son beats PrcnThe naked truth is,that theFire-Eaters have nilkandLislethreadelasticStocking* forvaricoseveins,;Female solution/ of the Union. Ever since it becameSupporters. Shoulder Braces, improved SuspensoryBondages, mendations of Gov. Brown in his late specialStates Senator in place of M r . Iverson. That ical surgerywith skill and success. Also, a large assortment of for thirty years been plotting and working a dis- body is engaged on a bill bounded on the recom-cross Mason and Dixon's line with fire and swordSufficieut ret publican major The Senators eCROUP! CROUP!.'—This .-awful complaint is Jackson, these intrigues have been prosecuted. on goods coming from States which have legis-immediately cured by Dr. TOBIAS' VEXRTIAX LIXIXRRT. N OFamily who value the lives of their children, should be without In 1833, they boasted as loudly of Southern co- lated in opposition to the enforcement of thea bottle in the house. Sold by all the druggist* and storekeepers. operation with South Carolina, in defense of h e r Depot, No. 56 Conrtlandt-st., New-York.executethelaws,andtosustaintheUnion. anythingsosuperfluous. . •-,'.;. This proclamation did not seem to produceThe Senators 'Republican!' AI The House hBepuhiwasDempcTui*. Majority on . atorialdistrictForty-four < Douglas, 32,( 13,456. Bell 5,000 t o 7,0u0,Returns fro strongly for I i» 500", and inTeuneR** r.flifvrMonmouth Anthot.'. Rec Ren.. 2&7. 4,075; J . I..:} Democratic n> ticket, 3,0lH?. 16; >The followt will show a-vote of everyCount* ». St-M«r>-- Baltiruurr t'euuCeciLTalbot ••:• Howard. • Frederick*" Baltimore Ci«y* jAnneArunde.'. Wafbiasjtoi;.,..-Cliarle*.. Carroll •••.Or»ll«««< l)vrcl»e»ter Worce»tcr..'. •• Som«-rstt . y»ince George » Allepay-;- • Htnoro * Kent.... • Jttoat^ouiery... <iueenAnn<-^'-Calv*rt....--- Total...-. •*TUe*e -re otMajority, ii •uiav be slightLATXK FKT-tnton Tr-nearly all th* estimates for;!conclusionIk* four of t£e Doughs KiecAKR1VA5 C BKKl.AM>.-'i the recentl) swhich left, i't .<>utside thel eome* .here \after do-ni; \cr\'W of ih*icruitcd'at-1 fromtheN< come up to I ttsualBalut*Captain: J . andvr M<~v Surgeon: I Vahbiblvr: ©fMarin.-y. SUsynen,!H! Mr;D^biei ahip'.tcou'.p the an* p;>Fugitive Slave law. N o such law can. b e passed I ,l'l • . ! • 1 SB 1 ! .nullifying course, as they now do. Then those except in direct violation of the Federal Consti-much effect on the milliners. The South Caro- lina Legislature proceeded to pass acts to'.-carry the ordinance into effect, a n d te organize forces to the extent of 10,000 volunteers, and provide military means for resisting any exercise of force on the part of the United States. Early in Jan- uary, President Jackson sent a message to Congress setting forth these facte. In consequence of thisTHE LATEST NEWS, two shots were fired at him, one taking effect just over the right eye. He is not expected, to live. Six meniM^p^lSiNEW-YORK, MONDAY, NOV. 12, 1860,TO CORRESPONDKy'i>.notice con be taken of Anonymous Couinvinie-rioii.s. What- ever is intended for bwertion must b e authenticated bv the nameandaddressof the writer—notnecessarily i'urpublica-tion, but as a guaranty for his good faith, ityJlin'essletters shon'"Business letters should to all cases be addressed J-OTIIKNKW-YOKX TRJIBVXXR.We cannotundertaketoreturnrejectedConuminicitions.in the plot were as fierce for Disunion as they tution. Efforts are being made to induce thehave ever since been; but they did not breaknor bend Old Hickory. He knew them; and Toombs is-feeding the flames by giving/but thatwere sitting around the stove when the robbery w a s committed, b u t being unarmed, they did n o t offer a n y resistance.The dates from Oregon are to the 24th of October. The Legislature adjourned on the 19th, having passed/; a large number of bills and a score of memorials to Congress. The Committee of Ways and Means esti- mate the current expenses of the"State for the two years next ensuing at $62,000. The recent massacre of "emigrants by the Snake Indians forms t h e principal cause of the memorials to Cougress.' The establishment of military posts along the line of the overland travel from the Missouri River to some safe point on the Columbia River is also prayed for.Legislature to pass a Convention act. Mr. they knew Mm—so there w as no blood shed. he intends to resign his seat in the United StatesRECEIVED B YMAGNETIC TELEGRAPH. F r o m "VVaHhington.-They tried to make the Admission of California in 1850 a ground of Disunion, b u t th e People ofSenate.The Legislature of Alabama, by an act passedlast February, directed the Governor, in case of "the election of a President advocating the " principles and action of the party in the North-their Owu States voted them down.MississippiSpecialDispatchtoTheN.Y.Tribune. WASHINGTON,Georgia,and South Carolina did not see fit to "go. itNOV. 11,1860. COBB.Alabama,all declaredagainstthem:message,a n d"alone." They tried to get Texas into their " em States calling itself the Republican party," clutches last year; b u t Sam.Houston thrashed to issue " h i s proclamation for the. election of"delegates to a convention, to consider, deter-" mine and do whatever the rights, interests and- "honor of the State require to be done for their. I "protection." Gov. Moore does not considerthem into quiet. W e shall be sorely disappointedDouglas could n o t have been nominatednot the Fire-Eaters bolted from the Convention. Lincoln would probably n o t have been electedsmd Deaths, and all the latest important Foreign a n dDomeetic News since the sailing of the last steamer.The steamship Northern Light will leave to-day a t 12o'clock. Themailscloeeat 10o'clock, a.m. Single without their indirect aid. With it, he is elect- thorized to do anything till after the Presidential copies, in wrappers, ready for mailing, lor sale at theed; but the next Senate certainly, the House very probably, and the Supreme Court unques- tionably, a r e anti-Republican. A t t h e worst, t h eelectors haveactually voted;secession proclama-vessel, at which all ships arriving should be detained till tho duties were paid, and te-employ the land and naval forces of the United States,or the militia, to repel any attack upon the Cus- tom-House so established, or any attempt to interrupt the officers in the discha/rge of their duties; also, restricting to the Courts of the United State's any suits in relation to anything done-under this law , and authorizing the Presi- dent to employ the forces of the United Statesentire-duty.PATRIOTISM OF THECHOCTAWS.Col. Pitchelin, Embassador from the Choctaw Natioi^ stated yesterday that if the European race .Whs going to leave the Union, he and his nation would declare themselves independent,beneficent action. The Pennsylvania Justice w a s right who decided that, as with God all things areattached to the Union, there must be many toojudicious to see any remedy 'for the grievances of foreign aid then as now. The whole thing, dent fire-eaters in the city, who unfortunately,Whereupon TheIntelligencer thuscomments:f* T w o h u n d r e d a n d t h i r t y - o n e m i l l i o n * o f S o u t h e r n i n d u s t r ywithin the Statelimits. Nullification notwith- ordered himto removethecribsandtheircon-GeorgiaandtheSouthrequiredit. caped,andwasrearrestedonSaturday,the3dinst., Mr.OliverofHeardfavoredtheoarlicstday,object- whenhegavebondsinthestunof$10,000forhisaj^In this dilemma, in steph a dArrived. Oct. 27, steamship Uncle S a m , from Panama; 29tht ships Golden Fleece ami Golden State, both of which l^tt New- York the same day, and reached this port withiu a few hour* of each other.Sailed. Oct. 27. ships Panama, for Liverpool; Marv Ogden. for Callao: IWth, Ne.pttiiuv a Favorite, for Callao: burk Ocean Bird, on a vrhalinjt voyage. The clipper ship Meteor has commenced loading a cargo ot one hundred tunn of wheat for the Euilwi market. • ' ^Trade with the country continues moderately active. Th.-. quantity oi goods gois?^ forward t o t h e interior i« large, bot tho ci'y trade mse the opportunity t o reduce stocks preparatory t o the wet beatwn, making new purchases in rare instance*,and then only ol sufliriViit extent to lill orders in hand from their own customer... The market evinces little change since the l«u>t report. Candles'were quiet: sales at 23^i3?<s' Butter ha* b«-«;n quite active for Isthmus. T h e Uncle S a m brought 187T» packages, a good de"al o f which w a s heated. Favorable an\f» comiiiK to hand at the game time of diminished ahfpments from New-XO?k, a better -feeling arose, enabling holders to attain a a advance. '1he range is Zlh a 3t*c., with choice to extra at 2t»'a>30e. Other Provwions.are quiet and unchanged. Foreign Spirit* an* heavy. I)omo.-tic Spirit* are drooping; a smull lot o f Amorieaa Brandy changed hand* at 51c. T h e export demand for Wheat continuessteadyat$1^forchoice. sJomesmallpurchase*of Hurley have been made for New.Y ork.• There is an increased demand for.Money, and for thente*m«r Jlor to-morrowsKhhortfloansare done ant 1$«>2$>cent. Sight1Kx change on New-Y ork i« advanced to 2£®3 •*> cent, accordinjf amount. GoldBarsruleat # 3 7(W$ii80. and the supply «pie: Hull average treasure shipments .will KO forwardtion, and are endeavoring to persuade the Gov- friends of Slavery will control two of the, four ernor to act accordingly. The city of Mobile'I -great depositories of Federal power; more prob-and also Northern Alabama,' where free labor is predominant, are opposed to secession, which has its chief strength in the central cotton planting district. M r. Yancey is at Montgomery urgingably, three of the four.our good friends the Fire-Eaters, and purpose tohand over to us both Houses of Congress, as theyhove already done with respect to the Executive. on a secession movement. And with both Houses of Congress we may re-model the Supreme Court. With a Congressvoluntarily purged of its Toombses, Chesnuts,&e., there will be a rational probability of some,feat, the Fire-Eaters could give him odds and beat bim at it out of sight.PROFIT AND X«08«. .TheAllnvta Intelligencer(Georgia)hasatabu- bestrengthened.bytheechoofopinionfromallof $231,000,000perannum. made up as follows:Bounties on fisheries per annum...iThisaggregateis *tern byGeorge Law,andgone onwithoutau- to press matters to a conclusion, they will find, thority to seize upon the Battery front for thatProfits of manufacturers. •The Western Stage Company's coach, from I>enver ResolutionsthattheelectionofaSenatorbemoved City.:onMondaymorning,pass"edhereforOmahaat5$500,000 40,000,000 30,000,000 17,000,000 40,000,000 60,000,000purpose. Having procured the widening, of5,000,000 .'.. 10,000,000 30,000,000•••$231,500,000Carolina was exceedingly easy and simple in foundation for the projected pier, intending tocomparison. That was limited to preventing the extend it out about 350 feet. The Commission-execution of Jbis, that or the other Federal law ers have notified him in due form to desist, elected he would instantly resign if the interests .of McLane, -who was arrested some time last week, es-ri* as good as another's. W o doubt that the • imposition Of t h e Cabinet will b e definitively >nown much before the 4th of March, though meantimetherewillbeanew newspaper Cabi-n e t a t l e a s t o n c e a w e e k : T h e p u b l i c h a s ai*steforgossip,andthistaste maybeasharm- towardtheSouth. WithdrawthisSoutherntributefortheprivilege;ofremainingintheUnion,toreceivenothinginre^ eithertoherinternalorexternalaffairsandre-goonanddoashe.pleases,andinthe essly gratified with a succession of- imaginary tutn but abuse und hostility, contumely and injustice, and turnProfits of agents,brokers,commissions, &c Capitol druwn from the SouthTotal fromthese source*.was well known w h o Georgia preferred, and when importance from Pike's Peak or the.Plain*. * From Papois, by this arrival, we learn that JudgeSECESSION MOVEMENTS.The programme of the Southern SecessionistsMr. Lawton of Chatham favored the utmost delay ofprovince, summed up 1,102,499 Yeas against carrythingsbyasudden rush, bywhich South and settle, a secession convention might be-a,TBOE W A Y THKYBOJfX.cerned, this operation seems to be in thefull -tide of successful experiment. The mous South' Carolina Nullification ordinance of 7. George Starr;Rep. •<•.":The ^ire-Eaters procured the holding of the9.RobertL.Darra&th,Rep.I •It is a suggestive circumstance that the fa- Legislature called together for the choice of 1832 followed, like the present secession move-Charleston, S. C , in order to pull the partyfurther Southward in their candidates and platrform. That Convention m et accordingly, and proceeded to pass an act for the meeting ofmembers of the Common Council receive salariesThe Legislaturcadjourned on Friday till Monday. ->—•»'.—ISTe-wsfromthe3r*a.ciftc. _•}' ST. JOSEPH.Wednesday,Nov.7,1860.offered them the Cincinnati Platform with theDred. Scott decision annexed, which w as as ef-fectual a repudiation of Squatter Sovereignty as ger a member of the Union, and to take such could be desired. Dred Scottism and Territorial other steps as may bo deemed necessary in conse-act of the Legislature passed a t a special session. ;This ordinance, after setting forth in a pream- ble, that under color of Wing duties and im-The Pony express, with San Francisco dates to and including "Oct. 2 7 , arrived hero a t noon to-day. would b e far better if they allowed none b u t Through some error-the news was not intercepted asmessage, imposing a duty of twenty-five percentthat; under the provisions of this act; he is au-politiciansinsistupon a nb u t immediate,.: :.; •ifV-\^4'?'body and sent down to the House, the election such acts, and especially the Tariff acts of 1828 and 1832, "null, void, and no law ," and not.day of that month.too great to suit the impatient spirit of the House, or rather perhaps of the agitators out of doors. The Committee to which the Senate billdeclared commenceda n d b ement was unanimously agreed to, and the Sen-Heret then, is the question now submitted to ate, upon the return of the bill, concurred in it., ing such laws into effectclaimants, when Mr. Randolph will make the closing would have little effect. The suspicion that argument for the Government. As an intellectualthe.merchants were only anxious to be paid for struggle, ibis case'has seldom had an equalconservative citizens, North a n d South: T h eThis delay seemed, however,o rmeasures a s might b e effect to the ordinance17th for the meeting of the \Convention. Some collection of any duties under the acts aboveBecause just now the secessionists.alone are to uphold those Courts in the exclusive exercise heard from, it is by no means to be supposed of this authority.CITIZENS O F W ASHINGTON F O R UNION. '*No permanent resident, especially n o property holder, in this city desires disunion. They all hope that things will terminate quietly. Although Washington is a. Southern city, yet there is hardly another place in the country which would suffer half as much in the event of a dissolution of the Union. There are many young and ar-that attachment to the Union has died out evenin North Carolina. Even of those not warmly squally. We. had as much speechifying, ^volun-OM- d t o -teering, cockade mounting, and as many rumors possible, it wasnot certain that a man had not complained of in the project of secession; many however, soon proved a mere bubble. The nulli-have not the money to pay the traveling expenses, and come to the rescue Of their brethren in the South. T h o South Carolina a n d Georgia Legis- latures would do well to appropriate $1,000,000 for their relief.The latest Mexican advices say that Marquesas. with 5,000 men, occupied Ouereturo.The liberals had seized 100,000 worth of ChurWplate. • .. •!Nxw-Our.KAN$, Saturday, Nov. 10, 18C0.^ The steamship Tennessee, from"Vera Crux on the 7tH instant, has arrived bore.The Juarez Government had granted an extension of the Tehuantepec charter. Senor Ocampo had been ap- pointed Foreign Minister and Senor Muta Minister of the Treasury. T h e members of th e British Legation had permanently reared from Mexico; a portion of them came by tho Tenaossee. T h e Constitutionalists arestillbeforeGuadalajara.Thecountryisinadread- ful state, Miramon proposes t o resign: T h e Britiah, Prussian and Spanish Ministers, with Mr. McLan*. were at Jalapa, and it was believed some decided step wascontomplated.. s> .'JNTe-vvH F r o m Fike'N *V:»k. FORT KKAKNKY,Fridnv.Nov.9,I860.may have been in performing this rather difficult others that they know not of. Even the short General Government was prevented.«T/period to elapse before the meeting of the South Carolina Convention will afford time for a litHe sober reflection, while the hands of those opposedTHE POSITIONO FSOUTHCAROLINA.j to the projects, of the secessionists .cannot fail toThe Harbor Commissioners have recently dis- covered that "Mr. Cornelius Vanderbilt, who has unsuccessfully endeavored at Albany for severalThat the Legislature of South Carolina has not itself declared the secession of the State, but hasmerelycalled a Conventiontomeetaslatewhen they descend from theory to practice, thatsecession is a thing much easier to talk'about Battery place, he is now engaged in sinkings t a n d i n g , S o u t h C a r o l i n a s t i l l r e m a i n e d a m e m b e r t e n t s , a n d i n t e n d t o a p p l y t h e u s u a l l e g a l r e m e - contributed to support Northern labor and Northern enmity of the Union, requiring no. change in respect dies in the Case. Perhaps, however, he willi n g t o k e e p i n g c a n d i d a t e s h e r e a t a n e x p e n s e . Mr.JonesofNewtounurgedthegreatestdelay. Hejp e a r a n c e o n , M o n d a y , t h e ^ 5 t h m a t . T h e c h a r g e *against him are not"specified,- but, according to ther •The Champion, of this city, publishes a statement of •vice*arethreedayslaterthanthosebythelast uniformlyproposetoinaugurate,theirpottonRe-newcodeoflawsinplaceoftheactsofCongress tiveimpunity. WhatwithGeorgeLaw.filching twoweeks.Hedidn'tbelieveinindorsingsoearly thisseasonforthegoldregions,UtahandthefortsOROct 31,arrived at thisjportlastnight. Her ad-arrival. Borne speculation is put forth bythetoress on the abrupt fermination of the Warsaw the N<»rth, aud by authorizing their banks fo the illations in which, she is to stand, to the. Union derbflt the other, we fancy, that &<} Corporation claimed precedence over election, of $ Senator.ryiug S,i£20,833 pounds of merchandise, have gone otrt- This amount is double that of any preyiova yew., :- •• >• • • • • • . - - • • • . ' • • •• •• •• • •Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069* xiilT I ^14.Aifrom which she has seceded. .Now, this last is j will soon lose what:little&0g it oUd^have^thisa matter as to which there are two/parties to j famous water front If this sort of thing:,» to .goon,the.Statewillbejustifiedinresumingits thatGeorgiaintendedtosubmittoLincoln'seJectioa.secession at her own • pleasure, which South title to the Battery, the. terms of its cession towith h e rneighborsentirelyo nh e rCarolina in the first instance, and thon, by the long time in bringing its arrangements to a sat- cilmen will be chosen, and Aldermen in the odd in the>election of Lincoln.9,371 Nays. Breadstuffs in good demand andConsols, 925-2)93 for money, and 93J<3>93£ for force of her example, four or five other States, isfactory conclusion.districts, to fill the places of the following per- sons:Dist.11. William J. Peck, Dem. 13. Nicholas Seagrist, Oeux. 15. James Owen, Rep.n. Henry W. Genet,Dem.Mr. Spaulding movedthat the resolution fie on the table atpresent. Adopted.A bill was introduced heavily taxing manjufecUired articles from Mawachusetts, Connecticut, New-York Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, and other Sua** nullifying*the Fugitive Slave Law. Also for prevent-account.may be placed in a position of antagonism to theUnion. So far as South Carolina is con-Dist.1. Henry Smith, Rep. 3. John T. Henry, Dem 5. John H . Brady, Rep.'Presidential' Electors, .after performing that last piece of homage to the Federal Constitution, hasments, immediately upon a Presidential election. It was adopted on the 24th of November, within a fortnight after the reelection of Gen. Jackson,The voters of New-York' will mark the men ingthecitizensof offending States from suing m the who figured in the Japanese swindle. A s the Courts of Georgia. :;.•-. • .N l J I i l i l E i C A T I O l V . Jnow,wepresumethatthere willbeagreat a State Convention. The avowed object of this by a Convention called for that purpose,.by an scramble for nominations. Let voters supportConvention is to declare North Carolina, no lon-the best candidates, irrespective of party; but itquence of this.proposed secession. The Senate, posts on foreign imports, Congress had passedwith which this act originated, seemed disposed certain acts really intended for the protection not content to Have the oyster—they must have to give the people of the State some' little time of domestic manufactures, and, in. so doing, hadgood men to be put in nomination.The Board of Education will require to be re-Fort Kearney.SAN FRANCISCO, Saturday, Oct. 27,1860.fire andgunpowder. Butthe "Chivalry" were<the last shell also—andr failing to secure it, theybolted. This bolt threw the Convention into thehands of the Douglasites and nominated their for members of the Convention w as fixedI. CharlesMcCoy. IL James Watson.III. Robert S. Gould. TV. Chas. J . Dougherty.V. Wm. B. Eager, jr. • .VI. Michnol Begg.VII. Wm.D.Andrews. VIII. Wm. Tucker.IX. JamesW. Farr. X. Joel W . Mason.XI. Christian Motegar.for reflection. In the bill, as passed by that exceeded its just powers, proceeds to declare all Ward*.Ward*.XII. Robert O. Glovor. XIII. Alonzo G. Reynolds.XIV. Andrew H. Green. XV. Erastus C. Benedict.XVI. Wm. R. Stafford. .XVII. Samuel Cantrel. XVIII. JamesFairman. XIX. TerenceFarley.XX. N.J. Waterbury.. XXI. John Davenport. XXII. James Marnner.also com- further made the duty of the Legislature to adoptall mencedlegalproceedingsfor their collection. I tt o w asacts, wereThe Directors of the San Francisco and San J o ^ RailroacLhave let out the contract for completing the Democratic party so as to elect M r. Lincoln, of ten thousand volunteers; the authorizing the tempt on the part of the Government of the -sales, would injure the force of all their pro-f work within three years for $2,000,000. The distanceFire-Eaters having disorganized and divided theOther measures proposed are, the enrollmentThe ordinance further declared that any at-wares already sold, or desirous to make new(Patented May 18, I860.)The strongest, simplest,and most durable LOCKin theworld. shall they now be permitted to break -up tho Governor to employ $100,000, appropriated at aItcanbe thoroughlyand »atisfactorilyexplained to anyoneinfifteen minutes. A.S.MARVINk Co.,SoleManufacturers, • Union because the endthey worked forhas former session for,the purchase of arms; toUnited States to reduce the State to obedience,testations and assurances. There might, how-ever,, be some use in a manifesto from prom-is about forty-five miles.NEWS FROM OREGON.Recentintelligencefrom OregonsaysthatthoaccountSuccessorstoSTKARXH&MARTTK,No. 33SBroadway, cor.\Vorth-»t.,N. Y. been attained? Just consider the followingor thepassage-of anyactof Congress authoriz- borrow.$400,000forthesamepurpose,andap-ingtheemploymentofamilitaryornavalforceinentstatesmenandpoliticians,ofthelateDem- OfthelatemassacreofemigrantsbytheSnakeIndianaBrROI.AHand FIRK-PROOVSAKKM. (Wild«r'» Patent.)Of all sixes and patterns, constantly on hand and for sale on themost favorable term*. • A . S . M. k. Co. SPALDING'SPREPARED GLUE." Everybody should have a bottle."—[Tribune. , FOR.SM.KEVKRICWMKKK.ManufacturedbyH.C.SPALDIXO4:Co.,No.48Gcdar-st. Pout-Office address. Box No. 3,'600.propriating $1,000,000—how to be raisod does and on the person of a lady who is .esteemed,and not appear—for the public defense. Bills havoagainst the State, or closing the ports, or'ob^structing the commerce -of South! Carolina, orotherwiseintendedtoenforcethenullifiedacts,would be considered as inconsistent with the fur- ideas of the policy and purposes of the Repub- become separated from the main body; The first con-beastly exhibition of their spirit, in. the presenceadmiredbyallwhoknowher:alsobeenintroducedtoestablishapoliceforthoa solemn declaration, telling t h e planters o f t h e CottonStatesthattheyaremistaken intheirrived in safety a t the settlements, and that strong hopes were.entertainedoftheescapeoftheeleventhaihadoversight of persons coming from hostile Confederacy tellsthefollowingstory:Agentleman,andamem- States,andtocompelthefree coloredpeopleto." SKNATOR DOITCLAS'S RKCKVTIOX IN ALABAMA.—The SouOiern ber o f the Breckinridge purty, informs u s that he was presentsiderable rains of the.season occurred thercontinuanceofSouthCarolinaintheUnion, licanparty,thatitwillnodoubtbestrictlygov- WednesdaY,October17.h iOregono nState. A bill to release the banks from the ob- Catalogues sent on receipt o f stamp. Photographic materials statement has been corroborated b y a half dozen oyc-witneRses), ligation of keeping on hand specie to. one-thirdthe slightest reason for supposing that it intendsto interfere with any of tho rights of the States,and something may be done to quiet tho agita- rival we get the following news:for amateurs and the trade.' .that when Judge Douglas alighted from the carriage to ascend the steps of the Exchange Hotel, Montgomery, that there were three rotten eggs thrown. T h e first egg struck Colonel Seiblos,By thisar-WILLIAM T A YLOR'S N E WSALOON,Refreshmentsofallkindscanbehereobtainedbyladle*and editor,ofTheConfederacy,'theBecondeggstruckColonelEl- the,financialconsequencesofherpresentposi-resign themselves into slavery,; or to leave theTHE LATEST NEVTS.the amount of their bills in circulation, showscontaineda c tThe President is despondent concerning dis- District, either on land or on board a union affairs, but professes that he will do hist h e proceededit,known.as " T h e Force bill." the President, whenever, ina nCongresst o passrecommendationsin commonly This bill authorized consequence of u n - lawful combinations and obstructions in any col- lection district, it became impracticable, to collect the revenue in the ordinary way, to remove-the Custom-House to some secure place within theTHEPrivate news o f a' most trustworthy characterfrom Georgia states that a majority of the Dem- ocratic members of the Georgia Legislature are against the election of Howell Cobb to the United States Senate.THE PRESIDENT A N D DISUNION.Things looked for a little while exceedinglythan to carry into practical execution. T h e oldnullification project once attempted by South informed, already completed about 50 feet of to Monday, 12th, and other days were proposed.cribs of stoneat itsfoot, and has,asweare-•Supposing this to be so, one thing puzzles the'creation.'of an army, a navy, and a revenue daring acts of spoliation upon the property of which ought to be known before election.us. WerefertothefactthattheFirerEaters tosupport them; the substitution of a whole theCitymaybecommittedhere with compara*. Mr.SpaldingofMcintoshfavoredthepostponement thenumberoftrainswhichhaveoutfittedatthisplaceUntitled Document•1thority at defiance.*sons expiring with this year:hteamer Coatzacoalcoe for New-York:, thus forming what isdenominated " The People's Line," betweea San Francisco and New-York. Not much confidence is yet' expressed that this line will really go into oper- ation, although the agent, who is a son of Marshall O. Roberts, protests that bis principalx are in earnest for a permanent opposition to Com. Vanderbilt. The price ofpassageintheiirwtcabininadvertisedtobe$150.Senator Baker of Oregon addressed an immense au- dience in this city last evening. He avowed hia inten- tion to abide bv the doctrine of non-intervention withocratic and Fusion parties. Letthese unite in wasmuchexaggerated. CoLWrighthadreceivedposi- tive information that all but eleven of the train had ar-and that, considering them absolved from all fur-, erned by the Constitution, and that there is not.ther obligation te maintain their political con- nection with the pnoplei of the other States, they woiild forthwith proceed to organize a separate Government a n d t o assume entire independence.This ordinance reached Washington simultane-ously with the meeting of Congress. ThePresidentbriefly alluded to it in his annual message, prom-ising a special message, should the persistence ofSouth Carolina render it necessary to appeal toCongress for" additional powers. Meanwhile, onthe 10th of December he issued his famous proc- .Some of the Fusion journals, which have been Douglas Democracy. The Breckiniidgers are gainingthata s soona sLincolnis inauguratedh e willand liberate all the slaves, are now beseeching prospective winning side, the State would be given upGEORGIADEMOCRACYA N DHOWELLand remain in the Union.•'•, ;p. m. yesterday, with the muils, Hfull load of passen- Mr. Harris of Worth favored the earliest time, as it gers, and the express matter. It brought no uews of/statementofTheRockyMountainNews,itmustbea regarded the present as atinie for deliberation, and they very grave one..."/Ohio, and Indiana Republican victories. -One of them,named Gayloi-d Camptou, will probably lose bothOctober, passed hereat Z>\thisafternoon.SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 31, I860.morrow. morrow.• '••'•' • •Mexico.NKW_OKI.KANS, Friday, Nov. 9, I86i>.'WeHtoiTv Trains*.ATCHISON, K. T., Saturday. Nov. 10, 1860.." awww.fultonhistory.com• i M i 