 !!»tral America. AFFAIB8 IN 80CTH AMERICA.•f judicial or legal prospectug. Borne wit of the law sult, so it is a JSxtd fact that there is a vein 200 Terba Boeaa, bnt when the dust was to be embarked,result what win several tboosaad that has been takenOL.IX—^Wa2B32.TORHBBICAI.USK. irOIiVB^ SCHTKniM BCHNAFF8.^t peMofk NEW-YORK,MONDAY,FEBRDiJtY27, 1880.PRICETWO ' CEBTS.;**• »oTeVCt-;rk:s^-rx.ru.n;irA^ttaifetotl d!«t drtnk, «rmA *tottfc«t«r«d by himMtf czelvtively, aW hia fw- •19 SitoMedMB, In HgOud.1MIM4« frMk tb« kavfc barley that ean be Belected Id SanpVt Vith lh« «n^ce oC an aromatic Italian berry. 4C M]uovUdc«d and axtraordinary medicinal proper- IMk HhMlOBff Blnce acquired^ bWber rapntatioD. bafllteCttNpe«adAmerica,thananyotherdiaretieM|r«V«KC0Bt aad rheomatiem, in ohBCraofcions of tt«lJbdd«rftnd kidneys, and in general debility, Its ibufaaiL prompt, decided and invariably nsliable. jIa<14 la not only a remedy fur tbcfe maladies, bat Infbe distressing' effect npcn the stomach, bowels and bladder of travelers or new resideota, and all persons nAftCcostomed to tbem. produced 'toy the waters ofatB.g,„~The Cya1b which thvy are prodnced by dtinhiaff bad VAUr, which is alaioet universally the oaoM of them, It aperates as a sure prevestiTe.ofbarnlng of bibles lately, ia firont of hisThe North Atlantic steamship Baltic, A. G. kaipfl and Alabama, from the large quantity ofdecay- GxAT, Erq., commasdiug, left AspiswaU on the isUke " Dabon,' and up, If 200 feet gives the figurewho died daring the first five years after Saa Fran- late Conception," aad that to one of these boafirea is dseo began to emerge from the bay and creep up the front of the Bishop's house, a few bibles orhdokS^ all our great inland rivers, like the >«arlyOoio,Mis-—sale at a certain day which day comes, and the sale«4>efetablo matter contained in them in a state ofso- iMtiui, is well known, as is also that of the waters of tbeupsand-hills, lies two miles nearer the city, and on the were thepitched byand thatwas alL Haal sen^e of the eommuuity is called upon lo suppress,ve would pariicu]»ily notice a must pernicious auu in- well.blocks, comer, knowtogtoryrlsing trader, palming off mmay be,cloud bad vanished. Theknowtogonessaythis is.at ocsiruclive and wrthlcss componnds to the sore^leiriment not only ofthe p*'Ople detes able and poiiocoas compounds, whi.h *beingheavy golddangerof heraccom.—the Isthmus, young and beautiful, and her fresh,tb*y have tfce bardibood to call SchieJam Schaappa.' In some instances ibcy hkveK.me ao far as to put Woltt's sa^ko to their Vil.aioous I'.quils. As this horde areSatuiday,applicationstwrfeiiers.finallyout,^ From the Sunday Times,leaked in- at the rate of about a —thecity,cottage-covered peaksday nightpassengers will reach New-York about a week fromWOLFE'S SCHIEDAM SCHNAPP3. OrefttncMhaBitainfirmities. Itisthepainfulprivi- legeofexcellencet>o bef>erpetuall>subjectedt-)imtta- tiona. Kvery thing good is counterfetted, and the more It is comnterfeited the more we may persuade ourse'ves that it is not only choice, but popular firfew will take tb« trouble to counterfeit much that whicn is not intrin- sically valuable, and the poor counterfeit dit?8 0utwi:h tke poor original. Tiiuif, pennies are seldom couo'^-r- feited, even by the neediest rogue, but of s'eriing golcl the world 1b full of base imit-atioLS, and probably always will be. Judg'-d by this rule, Wolf-' has some reason to 1>« proud of the dady cumphmeoU paid to his Schiedamany greatdifrt-rence to thiscommunity. Every bought generally and i(,.liris been sold andIt of every kird, and starcelv a^ity can be: t'ou-il th i: mujiity will, doubtless, use tiieir best efforls and su'j- l-as noi. its imiialion of tLis fam-jua be7'jrax-'. S'>m'j j1Ihtm are tne boid<:'B*- and moat UQrtcruuuloUB ia the ECTibe libera] ly to ihe objnct.WOi id, and Wolfe, tbe orig-.nn! m^iiu!'i';tar^r an-l \v\- It isstrangc.but you crn't do anything in these da>s porttrof the tchiedam Schnarps, whosie p'ace of bu-ti-Two held the reranaats of glassesafled is pro>>ecutiog all who li«e la tnls illicit minnur to be voted for aD> thinginwithout taking up x»efts is at Noa. 18. 2ii *ud 22 8eaver-at.. wmld be jusii- —if triere is changed,petit larcenyNew-York, 4,535upon the character so bon^sLlv earned hy his genuio'; WolftiB t'chied-un ScUoapps is not on« ofdore, involving no;besidesno One of tae mostSrloedcuocmtlmon.. wnrLbtesa artitl*-** of --he day. It ij a pin*, distilled in the most cos ly manner ff-om j'l <iper ftadotb>:r aToma^iC ingredients, with a Biu>fl« eye to ths production ui a stimulant at once wholesome aaa aicree- ftble. It iH a d'uretic uf the floest kind. As a tonic it tsbds un-ivaleo. It can be 'aken by the w-aaest etomach with advautaKe. and by thebenefit. In ebort, a is one of thosti conii^U th:»tuj iuuily ahouUi e?er be with' ut uouer auy Circ jmstauces.From the Sunday Courier.COCNTl!.RKKir£RS.There Is nothing so despicable •^rino»-e'Iein>rv:Di:of ct;- »«re condemnation than the att» mpt toi-itirfure. t)v un- 4lue means, with a bufinessesvah: shed ny un.ir^'y, (.-x e- Tlcrneeand an outlay of capital. l.egU'mH'ecudi.'^iui i.t ia tbe life ol trade. But wheo a dealer ii salj -ci to the ^tandyanceof baviag h's labels, st^le of p^.:W^'c ^luJ trade marks so closely imitated as to dej^uro ilic; pu:- •baser, th# fraud should be denounced acd Uo pi^rp-tr i-if tbe se iint»n is \eTy bad, you must p^y—is of a.sind-here, 23.tor^eMHifced. ItiswellknownthatMr.Udoli^ho'.Vo>fo, aneiohaut. intro'locedafewytars sinie, fo- ojelicinil »ni other purposes, a pure article of gin, to whi-h, by a •>ery litera' and—lufcd here in fart, everything is here i/iU the—to well-known and highly respectableofadvertising heguve a wide apeud and well deserved reputation, under tbein peace. President CAaana i'lirs's dividing toe powers of the Govern-l]L«V,S^fxieohi,« bu:.,De83 his beeu chiefly with dope''^it%*.!cns in appcaraoce of bisbuiJdiii;^ /or tbe purpose ?per going up, upfoot, or25 feet cups,Sf£u\'^'vL''\'*?v'^-*'ialor, others sqygarbage Ceput and arena for amateur dog fights,) oth- ers w^nt it liear tbetr property, and another party$116,500;— misdemeanor wnilem Guatemala to the for a survey ground* * tliTcl'hif/ft *!'^"has the to com plain and rightaAK IHFEKIOUdoubtless give an Impetus to real estatego up, (they are high enough now, goodness gra-cious !) bouses will go up, and the money will coma taken up just before the snow fell, which, from hasty'^ but no speak,, to wtodward, one had emptied several baskets evU of our poUce, whUe, If I rightlv remember, your;. of tissue paper, some of It prtoted, some of it have been abused occasionally. I do not believe therejudicious systemcoaches with theMisdemeanors to Sau Francisco, 849BAme otraily exciie<i opposiiiou. which be had reason to expect.changingAugust,September at $100, or $23,30New in San York, 2,65!». GamblingWoHe'9ecSje<!amMchn»pp3.in'—F.-ancisco,di- rrrJ-fJ., h hf°^""i^" tbeBe.-.iahonest attempts to in-Washington-square,(atpresenthere)youhad 52.'i«iniTeTi"^ of ir*-^:^'its contentsthen bowed till his head touched the turned All to turn wentYou must notfrom us any of the*'f '^"'•^e. tbegin-^old by thewalongattemptpluckFrom the Cmirur and Eniuirrr'"^r^rnNvagrantsmanTtr; I'x^lene-. however, h»s .iihi"ctPrt ?fshown avery great Improvementonblank, and Ughttog it stoodtill all was consumed.is a better governed city to the >>Me'..or one whereAwhich it is worth while to rehearse, showtog, as itto,il,»?Btimitationfrom $600 toton. These veins are so dls-bylighted hundreds of little slips of fragrant roguery is more speedily»lrooi;e.sthere, 12.For r.ipe ai.d a;teni:>*tJtHiSBUcc.ss nitu-their19 proportion byO.TsUPERIOR;jugthey were emptied. Meanwhile, a little ways very large scamp we might let goT th.f lirough ,hirh iiw f^nti in.anldown.The last year ba<and imperfect prospecting, are judged to be equally nch. Ore from the surface or out-cropping givesS.*.LVADOR.little drama was lately enacted la Salvadorpurewith$2:6 000 andweeks' labor ;—besides th!«, the Central Company took out nearly -0 tons, and the Mexican has takenTHE PACIFIC WOiULD. ka* a busy, bustling, thrtrlng aspect. "To Let" f*tock lead, «• it ia called. Wliea the saow the.otbers two bits. The undertaker bnra^ oat aaiERlVih OF TDE BILTIC.There Is aothe amount of oreage of ihto cakes of brown sugar aad etgaretiaa.-^*KW.GHANABA.GLATCTfi.$1,393,170IX OOL,DD17ST.groceries to land and mlnes^we have had a of ragerise and fall till the commercial barometei'^ has sha-gives 16,000 pounds or 7)« tons, which—at the lowestresult yet glrca, $3,000 to the ton—gives $22,SO0 tothe <bot, s iippcalag the vebi to be 50 feet deep, which wetiuwitis,notcountingthequartzrock,which takethemgives $300to the tea for \»/tet sack side^Uuvein of had been do »n from the mines atto sifmeBomiiigaf tbe 19ih intt., and airived at her dock or five months, a kind of ad mfinitumYork Jan. 25, with coal, struck a reef 40 miles eastJodgtofof Aspinwall, and became a total loss. were all saved.The crewquicksilvermineofficers of the Company at present;Henry Atehisoa,On Oct. 23, in lat. 28° 54', long. 74° 03' W., the BaUic boarded tbe steamship Atlantic, with California pas- sengers and freight from New-York, Feb. 20. AllRaymond,war vessel. of his " Manyfamons practice adopted by anscrnpuloua dealers, -if itn-Siatisg and C'DOterfeiting the exterior appearance and^ecaatiitosry labels of popular dtnga, ui^dicameats,and other articiea of personal consumption, and thui. sailed from Aspinwall for Greytown on the morning silver stopped, to tbe great injury, it is claimed, of theabandoned, ana unless some cheaper mettiod Is adopted, the ore will be shipped for England, proba- bly, and a mighty big pile of it there will be. We un- derstand that a Mr, McCullosoh has discovered aon Telegraph Hill, where he was accustomed to pas- ture, walked over a precipice 60 feet deep, and was— which reference was decided to favor of tbe parserbut these the flag officer toduced him to Ha drop.wished to have Lieut Watxiks, of the Saranac, eoort martialed because he (Watxins) declined to take Commander Loczwoon's hand, when offered. Lieatan*by Mliing upon the well acquired lepuiaioQ of an en-Interests of California. However thisTJ. S. sloop of war St. Louis, Commander PooB, for more than ayearand the workof producing quick-of the Uthlnst.killed. An hour of alter, every vestigethe thickcarelesspurchaser. Nowienotthemanea tnis fraud a felon, a robber ? Assuredly he is ;as Mr. Wolfe hss exvendea targe fumi to bring hij gea-iiiie imporied Scbnapps into popular deratind. tnat d^Xiand may be justly conEideifd a pan of bis ca^Ual intrade, and a lelluw stealing a part of hU reput-itiou isas maen of a thief as if he had stolen a^irrelof hisachnapPb io bulk. Aod to tiJs crime headds a furtheroi>e ot dclraoding the eommuuity by aivr^s tuHim a Corresplmdeyice of the IfeW'York Times,ruinous srticle ftjr the money they intended to expend Sah FsABCieco, Monday, Feb. 6, I860.fior aovmmodity in wbicn they had cnngdence. And,farther, every man xrao participates indirectly in the I am really and truly sorry for people that are centrate. frasd. by selling spnrious articles, is as mu::h of an offtnder as the piinclpal who planned the imposilion.originalbyesafely pastrior article, and enotravor to obtain thei^ patronage? Pray, wbat difference is there, to far aa ihs honesiy o* thethinjtifcon-'e-ijed,betweenparlomiDE'he*;uiiacd3 by which a citizen hopes to raalie r^ts Dr<^adand at'^aling tbe bread itself? a common thief if he t?,ke3 withoat leave, however hungry, a lo^iTot bread from a biiker-i stop, is apprehended and condemned to chj Peu.teu:i:\- r> for daring in a surrepiitious manaer to app^a-^^ t'abut pat a re-^psirtable Uoiintf co.f, on 1 iithey Mtabout forging his Idbets and patmin;; offup'meye to shade the face, lean against a comer with a rdcepieceofwhitepine,asharp knife,andafriend, ond to whittle, talk horse, and wish one's self off onbelated soldier, who was numing lor his armory with musket in hand, bayonet at the charge. In trying toout of his way I ran into a base drum, and got cursed in broken Dutch. I have got myself in doorsThere never was, a more perhaps,Ji • e, a great portion of tbe ironw'-'.u pt rpetrat- tor,the character of the title aad the great cost and bitter- iBg—Tbe New Almaden Miue—Tbe Won- ness with which the litigation has for ten years beenBcmoTal of the Capital—Iiegal Prospect-mine,peculiarand doherebynominate him. Andnow,as Iderm of Xjalfanm.—it atelling it, I willsubside," and leave you to ponder— ed in California waters."donot bel'eve It was ever mere prosperous, or hadwhich has recently sprung into existence on the east- ern slope of the Sierra Nevada Mountains, about SO miles over the CailfotDia line, in Utah Territory, and were first discovered by Mr. Patbick anthings is workln" and Improving. 1 fairer hope of becoming the brightest jewel in the cir-take about it,frigate Sabiju. now there. The Relief4sup^clet comprising " these United Statesen." Herwas sudden and very sky-rockety, and her settingMcLAcaaLiH,On Wednesday, tie Sih tostf", Mrs. Leer J. BAmiAV,wi<e of Mr. Johk F. Baiimak, of Portland, Me., diedvery suddenly from congestion of the lungs, at Aa-"panyingthestickdownward. Idoii'tbelievethemer_SANWe had only two divorces granted outright onpmwall. Mrs.Eatemanwasverymuchesteemedon" there's nocan'ile interests appreciate my sangvineviews,because—KIXO AB FASSXNGEBS TO CHINA A KOTABLE have forced your population toto the suburbs, and and return on her. I have not had the pleasure toand interest on tbeWe are all in a high slate of excitement just nowon the question of getting the Legislature to adjourn from Sacramento to San Francisco, and make thison theircargoes,freight mon<-y.The "lead" was fotmd tobattery in-SailFrrnclsco,9&3. Wewereenti:ledcity tbe capital, as it should be.It wiil be a capitalrunningableto" hiscomer" withmostofthe keep upoperation, and Uveiy-stable keepers, hotel-keepers,SchDapp-,f r t*ifc coufiTry abimods -ffi'h couiiieifjjts of and sundry olher industrious clashes of the com- feet, belongingconduct," New-York"com.-nonhere2092. Wewereentitledtoquiteold stagers.F. W. R.Cm »Uh »T«»t «kl'l. »nd eren hi« u»rae .i" them several l^- hS„ heard, bri(ik< are dnopcd all over the walks, free^0!\'hundred feet, and there iswood,andsundrycandlesofcrimsoncoloredno doubt that wax, and stuck them to the grnuiid along the frant of theors do all the legislation of the Municipality, and if and priests. Thei-ollei:tloii. to behere, For fraud and false pretences in New-York, 4^legi'imateUAHS',hint of the methoi;are theyrisingfor in a working gold gulchareWe have merchandise on hand suJEcient tothe demands of the State for two years, of most kinds, have been purchased for a few hundred dollars, inAKD Krvr-TOBK—A BIT OF BOASTING, ETC. Cerrafondsnee ofthe Jfeto-Yorlc Times,pleasedWiU retwmmend to tbe Board some improvements wluch will still further facilitate tke Transit trade.dependent upontheprofitsfor theirprosperity.supply interim, one half of the whole 1,500 feet couldand fifty years, of many articlesstop shipments—we might getout of soap or saleratus;anytbii^g moved or It can't t,e del e, somehow, without an asseisment. You go totfhere we cooie to a subscription to get the coilec- even wider and richer, and it may extend down;here, it. NewYo.'-k, 1,198;*in— bro{;lta—CssiaKica AttemptedKevoiaaFrom Our Own Correspondent. Pahaua, Saturday. Feb. 18, IS«0.expense—I'tiigcto per tonquartz lock was thrown out. worth $300 per ton ofMoujitain—one of the finest isJamis Kiso op Wil-—tlon The Coffee Crup.cliurt-hvcri" good, >ou set- a box projected atyo-a. If a jais-siorjary gets urs and boasis of the souls they havesaved, the poverty ol these f-tithful servants, and theJohn R<ygerc like sfitistics of their f^tiniiies, a largeplate is pufhel risl-t iimler your uo-e—«nJsacha .litplate, too, that i; gives everyl>ody a chance to see no diminution found of the width of the vein or whether >lu put in a dime or a dollar ; and now quality of the ore. In the Mexiciin claim it is found;;tiie wisdom of ihe State moved d<Avn to our What for, 1 don't know, but money is wanted, and nioi.cy must be had. The Legislature, as a body are decidt dly favorable to the project. All the attrac. tiuns are here tbe prtttygirls all live here, the money is all tere, the wires that are pulled are all manufac-ahad just set down the remains of two dead coolies. The coffins were inclosed in reJw ood boxes, each a little wider at the head than the foot. These werelarure. and thfy soon will be.fast nags, an increased consumption of duide, big bills to 8-uiid over another year or to put tinder the table. The gitai p(,iiit HOW is.wbere shall we erect a suitableCU.lTE.MAH.;goearth;then,by alleging that we are not fond of arrests,and so theylimits between and Guatemala. Englandajid then standthatfirm set their hands and seals.forSome say out at the Mis-Houses bitve been built$7,000 perAnotherovertaken and punished,thanthis. Wehav«noMavor-aBoardofSupervis- does,thecharacteroftoeGovernmenttoepeoplein everything, anyhow.^Sioritf.Mr.Wolf,',UbeUandbotth.,havebl^;i4T everysidethesoundofthehammerandtheaxeis tioctlymarkedthatthereIsaodifficultyintracing—but no mat-the ground;cityLegis-to be but two kinds of ore—a crumbling,tomb,substantl;il of buildingstone,where a hearsecoffee. 1^6 bags ores. deer-skins,byThe shares comBy mourners cime up.men'cedabout $70 per footfor a sixth. It sold last week at $500wants it St South Parkter where, so long as it is here in the vIcliUty. It will ers, agents of the Mexican claim-as the money wastendered at their bank.In addition to theie claims, there are parallel ledgesrents willtion, the from the cups betog filledas folks are after and evil-doers generally'-;>ot to be soea on many building* in ;empty coAb, tnraed >t predaecd coupleI have neverknownsoftwhousestobehadforfiveyeanThis may ajso be true as to other places aad mar-ex-postponedother day, and so on for fourTbe affairs of the New-Almadenhaving gone pretty much through aU the State and United States Courts, have at last got Into the Legis- lature, where a resolution has been offered and is be- ing warmly discussed, instructing our Senators and requesting our Representatives in Congress to use their Influence to induce the Government to dismiss the injunction suit, whereby the mine has been closedminingIT. S, steam sloop of war Lancaster, and steam it has struck many persons that this is a strange way process that works like magic. He gets the metal out earthquake weather." honest miner," who wasor ravine,aad where he was making $100 a day to the hand. As they followed up the gulch it pail evendown to the steamer and give him three cheers.P.on abetter, until arrlv-ing at certain point it gave outaltogether, and they struck a vein of what they at first supposed to be coal, but observing that it was very heavy they concluded it must be valuable, and at once staked off 1,500 feet as their claim. They sentwere referred to -Remembering bow much the Irish and German Im-rowing Void in tneir rascallities, it is time £he public fDJown »nd coantry weie put upon their guard. Con- BomerB should be sure that they purchase the genuine article, or else their health m^y be irreparably injured by using the horrijie stulT that unscrupulous sen, b^- cfcuse they can buy it cheap, will offer as tbe genuine article.From the Sunday Leader. HOIJEBN COUNTkBFElTERS.The knavish tribes of modern counterfeiters deservethe beveresc punt^hment, at.d yet thus far they have es-caped their merited reward. Deeds which deserve thePtate Prison pass for mere businesi transactions. TnemoreTaluibld an article is, the more certiinly it is for a few The necessities of assayed it—the result was so astounding that the old Pacific. Tbe had been 640,000. Our Life-insurance men insist that SanThree or lour of the Directors of the Pane ma Rail- road Company came out to the Isthmus on the Balticrthey are not as a prosperousInclass of people who are not prosperous now is thehas fallen off of iate, how much your taxest>ody.fact,theonly— MO—COMPABATIV* CBIHE OF SAB FBANCISCOmigrationmercantile—thosewhohavegoodstosellandwho oneoftheirnumbeitoSanFranciscowithsomeofthe black ore to ascertain Its value. It was given tohow much every railroad and s'.eambaat route has raked your people out on to Long Island, up into tbemeet any of toem, but I understand they are all wella Mr. KiiLALXT, an old Mexican to miner, assay.Adandbut it won't do to fact was offered to Maj.ALLiK, United States Army,ago, we fancy our guess Is not far from right that thefor a small amount. Killalit took the ore home andisland of New-Y'orkhas now a of some populationdays. the case require men got tenibly excited. He rushed over to commu- fiery sun plunge into the dayFrancisco has at least 60,000, or one-eighth your num- bad mistaken his port ^ believe. All the crew were saved.ao»nierfelted by persons who are too lazy to work andtoocowardlv to steal. The act of count^^rfeiting CdolphoVoice's eacellent and medicated gin, for instance, is thefta»d robbery of the worst kind. It is palmiu^ofT upon New-York alone. If you doubt it ask Coukan 4 Co.. turned to the Tehama House," where he lived, and loveliness ; free fh>m chilliness or excessive heat,about ten ships a month, (as five might be lost,) from nicate the fact to Maj. Allxh, but not re- ss all oar days have lately, wilhout one spot upon its " seeing him,ber, The Sbnoro arrived here with the Baltic's passen- Gianttog these figures, look at the comparative.•":teT:>. .^'j'ttiX V'i^li'Hfzlft^^fact,Une of Market-street. It is toclosed with an onpatotedliaettoDe reftiCfiB, in producinn frravcl, calculi and at an early hour yentersay morning. She bringt the the people are worn oat and forget all aboat it, wfaea about these da3rs, but everybody who caa raise a picket-fence, and is one of the most melancholy ruins says likewise that the story of the American Hiaiatei•Mae ID the madder. The aruoia'oc ^chi dam Scbnappa to all absolute corrective of tbedo injarijas proi^erttes •CJhad wat«r,abd conseuuently prevent:, the disease* vhttb they occaaioo. It is also found to be a care and vrvTttstaYeof fever and ague, a disease caused by thenasEesgers and tieaeute which left San Francisco onbought in by the holders of the judgment for a soag nfterchants amd mecbanlns are all afflicted. Doctors briars and sand. The lots are surrounded bis company to another part o( tiae city. Bat lAac '\ masity where il has b-'come known, on account of its Tartoofl other remedial pruper'ies,theyshape of some 40,000 half dollars already coined a t the mint, aad in circulation, that Washoe is not amanydroop their branches to the turf, aid long frtoges offaaUeaaeaof a dropsical cenrtency. it i« gen-rally ilie •oly remedy requ'red, wht-ii adopted i:i fii* early ^stiigta •fthedisease. Indjepe-siumaiaaied,whentakeninmosseSeacioBs in tbe most obstio.iie cises, wben even the best«f tbe usumI remeditfs h*ve foiled to adbrd more ** lemporary relief. . .purposescouquet, or, here aiid there a short grave over whichTr.ete ire facts to which many uf the mo^t eminent Mlietl men. both in Europe and iha United States, Aavc borne testimony, and wb'cb are corroborated by Ibelr highest wriu«n authorities.Put up in quart acd pint twttles, in oases of one and two dcien each, witb tae proprietor's name uo tbe bot- tle, cork, and fac simile oi bis signature on the label. 9«T sale by all druggists and couo try irterohants in the Bolted States. L'DOLPH » WOLKE,8ole Manufacturer and Importer. M08.I8, ^and22 Beaver-st., Mew-fork.From the Sunday Mercury. TBiUDULXNT lUITATIOKS OF SDPERIORCOMM0DITIE8.AVkovg tbe many diehonesties uf trade which the mor-line, San Francisco at the same time as the Sonora, withhas beenregularlyor'manwouldtdkecaretoavoid. B'atthetions on the bead-stt>ues are polyglottal, and impress even more than the aspect of tne streets does the cos- mopolitan character of the tonn.i^ 6thIxut.jlnthePaciiicmailprivatewith fences, of rudely elaborated poets and pickets, thewhole often covered with muslla t*^r«*SBt thasaadsto. As when the moauments were drifttog erected,Sonorm* The Battle, on her outward Toyage. arrived at As-Bay of Panama. Also, Hon. M. S. Latbam, tbe newly•450, or thereabouts, aad land was sold, by a sort ofa mountain dai&y, a geranium or aro«e is not beenvistedsteamsbipcf a few hundred dollars.'on the way to see sick patients stop their horses at theThis process has beena>a Tegctabie putrescence* in tbe v;icerd of toose dis- pinwalt early on the morning of the 14th, and her Francisco, once the wealthiest city in land ia the and dream of $400 dresses to come from it Mechan-—njatnt nfTnnts nf vegetaoie malaria in the aimospberegoingon since 1649, till Baacorners to talk Washoe. The ladles talkWashoe,-«ne of the most in Soaih respectable paperslilatB in whicfait principally pre^a U. The AromaticBcbiedam Scbnapiw is ooobeqaea ly in great demaad bypersoLB traveling or about p settle in tho«'e part^of tbe board tbe Jokn L. Stephens the tame day, all well. CoOACry aspecialty. us well as by many in every com-non world now stands almost without an acre of the ,many ics knock off work if they owa a few feat aad cob- patoted wood was as as marble is costlyAiMrlea, that eight hundred bibles and other books werapassengers crossed (he Isthmus and embarkedAn.oDg the pastengers are Messrs. WHrrawalcHT, jui'gments, then came the Pearson clahms aad others as doubflees wiU. Thenow,nished by the aatoorities was ou the spot to kaef tka materials, and some obailsks crowd back, while Hie with sttered.'GouTZRHZua Keublx, and Isaac Towhsekd, Esq, of the PLnama Railroad CompaDy, and C. H. Rcsaiix,too numerous to mention, and lastly the Plxley sale a short time ago, which last was yesterday (let the taxpositive evidence, in theits jndicions adoption In connection witb tbepnocipalmaaJH,orwhen a seosRof exbau:jtii<Q dictates ltd u:^:',Bafcrfalsto relieve the deoility atteodauL upon protribetcd chronic maladies, low temperament and ex-bausted Yital energy, by whatever cause induced. Tbe Orizabu, of the Vanderbllt, or Mall left cr triaogalar piece ef fround In front of the Orien- sorbed. Themonttdyfor years. There Is no feature wantiug to make it wages,well known to all Callfomlaiu for its fine positioa abt-'Uttne same number of passengers and ^420,000 and great value. In fact this city has been the vic-in my last I wrote you that nearly all the officers of the sloop-of-war Cyan* had had charges braoglit Use agatost them by their Commander Locxwoos, and thatcareer as as American city. First the Peter Smith it will end K.ltoF*nUel ledges I speak of open rich,of more durable of fine-gratoed marnle.clergy long polesup the fire, one can hardly doubt that the first ftet stated was literally true—although we may rtftma- proper qnan'.ities. asiniittdriuit, -md e^jpecially at dia- Esq., of the Pacific Mall Steamship Company, who payers thank their stars) declared by the Courts to be humbug, gives confidence, and there certainly can ba No burials are permuted here now, unless for tem- bly hope that tbe part assigned to tbe affair to Mr,yellow Her, it i» found, by uDiform experience, to ^e eminently have been on a short tour of Inspection of the proper, noil and void, and was set aside. This last sale of no better proof of the richness of the mines—and, poraryand for a except occasionally freshJosxsls aslauoer. The little steamerties of ibose Companies on the Isthmus and in the citymoieever, being within five days* travel, even now, from San Francisco, as deep as tbe snow Is. hundredsiMura Frances, which was aa&t out from New -York to run on Lal&e Nicaragua, aad which was brought dovrn to Aspinwall to be aoki forland was made under a obtained for judgment;snap arrangement, as abovetbe eon^umer, bnt to the character of the man who n\% frigate Saranac, and sloop of war Cyane, were at to reverse the judgment of a competent Court, such of the ore in a few hoars, that requires as many days It is May-day with our Mercantile Library, which ant of Martoes A. N, Baeib, of the Cjroiw, held, threaexpended thousands of dollars in bringiug 'be geuuinear-icle irto esteem and demand. 'Ihe--e petryi+rctmythieves are tbe pe:it of a=1 honorable dealers an.d trader-,and the trsde U as much hiKiivay rubbety as the vio-lent appropriation of their neighbor's purse: in fi^ct,they arv beneath tbti burglar and highwa-man in di^- Bitj—f.-rthebelatterfelonsexhibitabraveryorreck- go,&c.,alsoalargegrizzlyt)earfromCalifornia. leMtnettaof chamcter in nowiee diatiDguistaingthe meraancile a=s&5»iD who stabs in the darh. .Vnd out^bt thev DOtb« rewarded with a pariEibment comii.eT)>,ttnite withas the United States Circuit i;ourt of this where State,is to transit from its straitened years stoce, the same positton on the fiag^hip lmd»-We were ltd co these re- marksbyaccidentallyobservingaspuriouseouoterfeit Wills,Farqo&Co.,forImportantfavors.extractingdevelopeIts millionsiLCludiiigLegis-tbe cowaruice of their crime ?.•f Ud Ipho Wolfe's Schiedam Schnappi. Th*) labels were imitated perfectly, with the plight addition of a lew letters to plead technical avoidauce of tie Uwhistorystrangemovementsatthe date of itsunpaidsquadron. For this offence Lieut B. has been sen' tenced to be privately reprimanded or admoaished*the bottler were very similar,aad everythiog caremily preoared to imoose upoo a Tho ' Weather and theFrom the New York Dispatch, AN INFAMOUS BUSiNES.^.<agaiait rocnterfeiiing:fromThe immense richness of theLieut. Gxo. M. with some Moaxis, chargedPanama.by smelting process. His method has been tested be-present quarters, down to the fine new builaingouthe corner of Bush andThe Baltic brings home a valuable cargo, consisting of 2,321 sacks cocoa, 119 sacks coffee, 141 seroons Indi-the injunction was obtained;forin(actItwlUamountfore highly Intelligent and scientific men, aad theyOur thanks are due to H. J. Gcllat, Esq., and to the erpress lines of Messrs. Fbuuan & Co., andion, as the authorities in Washington, from Mr. Bc- cuakah down, have got the idea that the case is run- ning over with fraud and perjury, and in fact its earlywhich only requires some cheap and expedlUousmode ofPat McLAnoHiiK President of the United States forOur hotels are overrun wiih politicians. All Sacra-FROM CALIFORNIA.the Fire Departmt-ni, JobnLans, is also a passen- good-—Bnalneits— parts Cenntrybeginning to end.discoverer of thegreatWashoeafter the steamer, and see her Heads.thetechnical offence, has been sentenced to be privately admon-the pnbltc an article inferi »r and unwholesome for that and see with what earnestness they will argne the it was observed that he was very much excited ; how- free from dust unclouded, balmy and bracing. The crime of the two cities and see If it is not time to gers, 350 to number, at 6 P. M. to-day. They willwhich is genuine. While people would free'y u*e the genuine bchnapps, they wouid shudder at the thought of introducin? into tfteir families the p^i8onou^ couj- tarfeit. Both Mr. Wolfe and the p-ibli^ are iinpos-^d wpoa and cheated by these b^se and unprinciplodcoun-point with you. It is truly wonderful what has be-ever, be retired as usual, but the next morning poor KiLLALsT was found dead in his bed. He had long been in bad health and the excitement killed him. The fact that the ore was valuablemoimtains north of the Golden Gate were purpleadmit *hat society is improving in this Cosmopolitanleave for Aspinwall at midnight, toe tide having beencome ul all the clippers on the wayout from forty to sixty days o-.er lime—are all making wrelcbed pass-^ges -but it don't and tliose in the secret set out for the mine, and lay the Bay turruffied beyondMetropolis,ten or fifteenin factmakeadditional month they arc out saves a month's storage(he East blue to the South almost black. ;Beyond visible, hUls ofineuitril i;ot one of thewearygold,givingodd,as the result of fivetastyWesmelted in thisanofof 800 tons of:witooutAn EnBilfh Engtoeer, Capt Wbat, was eooauntil at the original owners has a dollar'sIheCompany'son toe 7th. She left San Jose- de CuiteinBla,resold,presentIthem. expectmanya thousand ofinterest in it.and some hundreds of feet additional were taken up,and it now stands thus :der the title of the Ophir Mining Company, own 1,400Latham,tbe youngest member of toe Senate,bnt will be foundThe original Company, un-S.fornia, goes to New-York on the Baltic.feef of the vein; next comes the Mexi- can claim, as it is called, ISO feet; then 150For druiikenncs.':, " drunkenness and disorderlyand for!(8,908J 613, without overleapi.T5 jour standard.For grand larceny in New-York, 1,33J; here, 124 We were entitled to 167.J72.to the Centralthen the Calilornia Company, 150 feet Tbe OphlrCompany set to work and opened the vein by stoking a shaft 30 feet deep, and runntog a gallery 40 feet- from which they took 45 tons clear ore, which is nowlily inbloom.drunkards," incity, givhig which, upwardsaverage$3,-out as much more.well defined, 10 inches thick, of dense solid ore, and recently the shaft has been sunk 20 feet lower, andbands inThese took position behind the cloth, and then the ceremo-;;jjate continuesMining Company;;^^^_^^___ CKrVTKAl. ANEKIC.1.(Jphir Company'svein isWe were eiiti'.ied to 1 VJ.through to China for what we know. There seems— black, showingour way out we came upon the Chinese receivingFor keeping disorierly houses to New-York, 425 ; here, 1-For burglaries in New-York, 428i'o far the comparisoa, even if I have placed yourcarasua the ad, and funta Arenas de Costa Rica on.^croons of indigo and toe Uh. She brought 1.440 to-65 bales31 boxes sugar, 4.363duU sui- phurels. 1 sent a piece ol each to New-York to be625and a denser and more kind sparkling;uUtinn too low and ours too is all high,assayed, which was doneI have the result before me$3,770, and the sparkling ore $9,064 66 to the tonwhich resultmurders, -York,by ;to front of thespread a cloth at their feet, auJsmall China cups, a putter of boiled pork and vege-tables, and dishes rice. containtogP„„dcnt landedwTto " J January.for a sixth, and Is stillof the Mexican claim sold for $30,000, and $100,000 was offered and refused for the other 125 feet—which fact can be substantiated by Fbbiz & Ralsiob, Bank-stepped aside.three bows, then kneeled,policy-vendingple.e.-^pectedcatiiagc road from toat Capital to toe Atlantic, inH. So.oiion & and Co.,popold undertaker vantage of San Fraacifco. But for the^^^^the crumbling ore givesplacedopen tomb. An disposedontii>- dual'M1^,"-•-''o_n,'^";•^t- hislK,:d;yatLlU.;a.',Sdhador.continue,were 0,tll9 to 1,152.at the rate of.j-filj.and iheIForin New surer shots.Untitled Documentmelts tha warfc will comnenee, aad tlie raitawill nearly eqaal the Frazer River eidtemeat overit, abottom aa oO-clott op, spreadofbottlesafbraady,apaek-Allcstiaiatingthat will be taken out It will be Immensepast No good building li tentntlets.It ii aotorlotu—at least ioaie people in New>Tork foot ieema a Uah price to pay for a mining claim, bat Invited to make free. Tbeu tbe earriage* rolled OffCity know it fai a costly way—how speculative th* w hea we la«k at it a It Is The shaft moment cheap.Bible Boraias Tele aadCnba^Tke Balile>a .T^iriifc Paaaeacen.rroaa Oar Owa Oorrespoadeat PaaiHA,Saturday,Feb.18,iMo.emtBCBtly salattry qnatli- Later and Interesting from Califbmlaf times have been for ten years past in this prominent in the OpUr claim is now SO feet deep the vein 10 ;the dead and to us. ,We entered the tokb and fooodCoraBaadarpromontory or point of land called San Francisoo. inches to 14 IMrt MO aad odd glviagLack. 8,«adr.» at Paaa,..^w«ckto theProB butter and eg«s up, and through dry goods and runnlac foot, so that one running foot SO feet deep collsof rope, thirty-five eolEnf piled la The nexken itself loose, aid no longer tells tha truth as to THEWONDEBSOPWiSHOB. stormorcalm.ship that leaves for Chtoa will take these all back, the corpse gotognotas freight but as passenger. Severaiof the Companies that broaght the coolies out engage toMoneySapertotendentJames Louis A. Garnet,Allen,A.,stopped galloping before, held up, and felt Friends brushed each other's"Washoe Departure of Senator conducted, give very prominent position in this on it and stake up your minds that California is a at high tide to-day one of the finest boats yet launch-not in Califoi nia and have not been to-day,curious can see, I presume, by calling.P. S. AeAis—A LiTTLS Latsb.-By this steamera offthough it has stood so long at Sacramento that thefor the past month—they deserve syocpathy, and arc to be coramisseratcd; for the weather has been glorious.Although the politicians have now got their paws on it, and will attempt to tise the mine for the •rich pickings it will give,—still, one thing is very true,Wiieels may need some greasing to start Franciscowithinthreemonths. It hasbeenatMon-Whan an enttrpri-ijng man strikes out a new business, Tl e pleasauteet June day with you, cannot excel our that if our Judiciary has the spunk of their ancestors, to the esublisbmi nt ot whi'h he gives iiis ind-is'-ry, in the days of old Cokx and MAAsrisij), it willto escort him to the steamer with a guard of hon-the The Sacra mentans are about as com Bear-flag.-the ordeal of either a Court Martial or a Court of In-time, talents and pecuniary m&-^DS, can auytbiog oe atmosphere about these days. Warm,- sunny, so order •' paws off,"more coniempiible than to Lave another ste<tl in, uod,underspeciovsprete^kfs,boldouttotbepublicaainfe- genial,—andsocomfortabletodropyourhatoverone tivetogotograss,beforeitwillpermitanyinterfer-out on the road behind a fastThe Washoe Silver Mines, as they are called, con- tinue to create as great an excitement as ever, al-getThere will be a demonstration as is demonstration. was declared insane yetterday ; cause, brutal treat- A whole host of lager bier gentlemen what blow ment by Capt PisDLETO.N. whose inhumanity sentthe water&o. I have envied my favorite setternag, Topsey," asfishing,appetiteback and a few dollars in hia po.'ket, aiid ne mny »u>iImpunity, nay, evei with The ripplan>e of tis f-ill-jws,by aoavery. forgery or other iufamoua meaus, take thjbojlness of an booesi man from him, and go behalf as happy a dog. California is gettlagto be a historynns^thed uf juatic**. All ibis i-* wrong, dcmeveers very nice sort of a country to live in—there's no mis- They are situated at a place called Virginia City, inc« » genlJeman of this C.tv lUdolpho Wolfe) intro-Ouced to the ciuzena uf the United States a medicatedarticle oi gin. which wasbigbiy appjovej by profession-al gei.Uen>en as a superior tonic and deobsiruent, aodthe knowleoge cf which he, by advertisement and other-wise, disBeminated throughouttbe coantry. boeonn•• tricksters, who pssa m the businesa community aabonevt men. saw Mr. Wolfe was likely to have handsomeretnmt for tbe tim% and money which he hMi •expende !,;shelaydoorsteplength,As these mines aredeep. boundLevant, ';^iiich is now atpeen ordered here. Tne war-steamer Wi/anuMf ison thestretched out at full sunning herself, wishing that I could do likewise, and'*danger.truly popular representativeand now that this rich and has big gamesquadron.toebriety,Stateinto the bands of the politicians, its influence for good or bad will soon be sensibly felt at the national head- quarters where all big politics aad politicians con-"P. S. I have sent by this steamer, to E. W. Bcaa, The removal ol the Capitol when I last wrote (on dismissed from the squadron. Lieut. A. J. MoCabt-;gotgreat ked'ntry—and so mote it be. —PODGERS."and tell theence with its own peculiar and distinct departmentandthis point.and thus it will endIf it comes tobefNext Sunday there is to be a grand funeral to honor ble may be set liown to the unadaptedness of thajurisdiction,—covered with snow at thepresent moment(Twane, and the store siiip Wassert. I believe thethoughsv.me four or five feetto make some noise in the world I will give a littlethan Mr. Latham. Po- litically and socially he stands a head an4 shoulders above all. He has won his position fairly and honor- ably, and will fill It to the credit of himself and satis-flattertog testimonyof tbem.Thetrom Aspinwall to-day for San Juan del Norte to re-Legislativeand Execu-just noft" as Gov. Wise was during JouiiBbowm'sremindedofthefactbybeingrundownjustnowbya trial,orDonQuixotewhenhestoodoveragainstthe willbedecided.Thisisadisgracefulshowtogforoa;;U. S. Woodworth, Esq., George Hearst,right man to the right place, to charge of a United StatsaMajor RobertH. H.who nevertheir way, on a walk. shouldersbeforerecognizing. Itwasasifhorns, as well as imbibe thera, have just rushed by. The miilngtery are forming, and now we will all goseveral to the hospital, and now sends Wiixiams to Stockton Asylum. Psndliton himself has four months yet of his year's Imprisonment to serve out to the County JaU.lieve theply-ship) Is at Asptowall.FRANCISCO TOPICS.THE TI8I0N FBOM BBODIBICK'S GBATK LONB HOmiTACI AltD TEBBA BCENA CEUETXRIES— CHIKXSI BUBLAL CUSTOIIS—DIAD COOLIES CAB-Sah FaAsciBCo, Cal., Monday, Feb. 6, I860.I climbed to the highest noint within the Lone Mountain Cemetery inclosure on Saturday to se e thehave 50,000 less mouths to feed now than ayou yearTbebark of Cuba,New-York,by goingitsof his taking-off.all wherewere purpledregsyoursor Monday and her mails and morning,poundswlthla It beside a grtodstoae, axes, picks, spades, end layers.;$500 apartook of the refreshments, and the spectators ware aad the premises were left to the eht aDdertaker, toreading the positive assertion of CI Titai^ of Bogota,mostthousands she possessed when she t)egan her brilliant sider their faftvae made. TlMre's bo knowing where of the head-boards are of wood, though there are burned to front of the palace, and that a faKS ter*of the value ofconsisting of a large tract near to the with the same story and buy ia. The numt>er of shareshaveMission Dolores, just outside the city, and that gore for sale now is limited, and doubleas will soon be ab-goneOphlr Companyganized, having a Board of Directors or Trusteed,composed of men of character and of ability, and the mine will be worked on a large scale in the Spring,in specie. tim of blunders and swindles unparalleled, aad yetOn Feb. 15, the bark Cuia, Capt, PAor, from New- she is a living wonder, and her trials have only that it will be converted into a Joint Stockblossomtog. youelected Senator from California, Gen. Tonsil, U. S. and Prof. Barti.£tt, U. S. A.A., $250,000,andseamen s has beenUitendente of Panama. It Is said she is to be asad. as a war vessel on tbe Magdalena, This is the OBlf Indication we have seeii that the National Garem- ment totends to use force agatost the State of Bolivia*tal Hotel, on Market, Bush and and Battery streets,demonstrated her and wealth. strengthFriday morning.anythinga court had been convened for their triaLfrom factx which have become known to the pablic.described,would think it badthe most dismal, gloomy and forbiddtog place that athere to satisfy themselves, and all returnand ain the Spring. The following gentlemen compose the it before. I doubt if the carman could see his horse'slarge qaantityprobablefogof ore taken out It is Companyof Byway variety,R,S. Ogden, Treasurer. Several other Companies are liad been suddenly struck bltod. People walkedcharges"tbe aioetMeredith, Esq., Directorseverybody up being formed to work the adjoining veins. so many and turned tbe thejeweler, No. 573 Broadway, a lump of the ore from Friday, 3d,) was considered a jokenow it has be-or, composed of the city companies. I was forciblyposedflourtog mills, to the gray of the morning. as 1 said sJiip. but,to avoidthat the$10 foot Oakland, and Mount Dlable on the further side of to the total of population bad been as great here as;toSanFrancisco,7,344. Iftheratioofarrests in your City, we were entitled to 8,611.The arrests In New-York for assault andto travelmiles before looking upon a landscape of strangerbeauty, richer in variety or In color. At this very hig'r- est point within the Cemetery is the grave of Beod- xBicK—a mound of sand, as yet without head or foot- board, but hereafter to be pressed with a noble monu- ment At the head was a large.callaAt the foot a withered wreath of delicate blue flow-beingers.must have been fresh within the week.bouquetsthatThere are as yet but few costly monuments at LoneFor Wewereentitledto567.Gneremala—Thcaire-Nicaragua—The TraaalC I«<Inscription conveyingstone of the same texture and color as the Truss,erected of Staten Island.were entitled to iOi.For fighting in Die streets i-Tto the memory of Capt Van Psit, The lots all differ in size and shape —none being entirely square or round. In the private toclosures there are all manner of rare flow-Building,steamship GKoremafa arrived at Panama from Central Apiericanhere, 3.ers growing, many of them in bloom. As we wended i'7 ; here, none.ports•*« «'"ny began.The oldman from a jug poured brandyNew-York, 51we oar outrunningmentbei»ien ihem,oppositionfrom thepeo-into the andturn made two orofthecupsof brandy and pouredEarh mourner intook oneBut forwith article of toe late treaty of accordance seventonights of toe 18th and I9to of January, but ao dam- age was done.Government of Salvador, witn the travel is Interrupted by piles ofmortar, and the »«ini other leads will be/ound equal to the first, or Com- tomb. This over, the chjef mourner gave to eacfe of any plundertog goes on, the tw eive must explato It, or view to "enL'ghtci. toe people and^to tostU more vltajupon it five this time thecrimes, yourrecord the 58.,.;;toarrival for toem to disembark till 11 P. M. Tbe Orizaba, tiie mail boat will be aeie Sun-livtoginscrip-backagain,livingordead. SomeoftheseBogota later <haD fhoia spacolatlon which we silver oft. prospected pense. Bat with the poorest ks well as with the rich- already your possession—Op to ita. II. A. (amtl»-bat there ta one kind of Ths vein has been traced and broaghtkets,News from the Isttamus and Cen- believe Is peeallar to tbe history of California, asd it the whole l,4t0 feet, and is good.A shaft sunk 20may be eaUcd, for want of a better term, by the aasM feet further oa fron tbe first shaft shows the same re- Mountain was laid out they burled in tlie earth at the way is a Catholie—says it Is aot tnia ttat th«Uirmiad &•gees to work aad tadt out some old claim or deataadagainst the City Corporation, aad then quietly, bysome underground arrangement, carries it to judg- bearing quaita. That qoaatitr of silver ore at thament in one Court, and levies on the landed property lowest leaaM yet obtained gives $450,000!! Now aumbered thousands from all aations and climes, fires made In the street to eelebrate the " inuaaca of the city, and the Sheriff at once advertises it forfeet long, SO AM deep, which gives 1,300 toas of sQve ore and someafeig Hke as many thonsands of goldArchbiBlK>pBogete asaisted at or rin the Imaadiate ? vicinity givethesaleIssuddenlymade,andalargesliceoflandIs betogpresentisuntme,ashewasattheiiiumiial in thousand is pottiBg It In Washoe. Judges and lawyers, of the coast,-a neglected triangle of swamp, tangledtUl process—If hard to get in SanFraaeiscopeople,the banes were all cbuated,—every tcrtp of hair, and« 'The stinted evergreen oaks wrapandhideeventheirscantbeauty.we had a most marvelousI never sawhere onbead as he drove to market The men on horseback,The expensive process of smelting here will be streets only by tne distance they had groped. A horse red an illegal order of his to the Secretary of the Navyvpendencehere. WhenLieutB.wasrelieved,heleft to a legislative dissolution ttf an injunction if the reso- all declare it perfect. If this is what it appears to be. Montgomery streets, where, fur its great crowd of few small debts to Panama, which his brc ther consent-—whichthereisnoearthlychance,inourhumbleopin- wholecountryIs onebedolgold-t^eariirg quartz, thereisamplespaceanuvergeenough.ed to pay for him, and all of which he did pay except one,ahotelbih,whichwasnodoubtaccidentallyover- looked. Com. LocEwooD havtog notbtog else to com- plato ofagainsiLieiitBAXXK, brongbt charges against him for conduct unbecoming an officer to leavtag aalution is adopted and the Government accede to itofthere is no end to the wealth of California, for the txroUs, its chess, reading, and coaversallun rooms,andthebirth, as a bill, would feem to justify the determined effort the Government is making to expose it in all Itsbill behindhimwhenhe to aformer belongedthe metal toMr.McCmuitjaBleftforWashingtonbythelaststeam- lature,to seeSenator Lathamoff onthe5enorato- er to obtain Ms patent We are going in for making day for Washtoftoa. As one of our ex-Eogiaeers ofthe wealth he has bestowed on California by his betheIngMtoe,have made a long story of It, and am tired enough ofC.ger, the Fire Department turns out to shout amento is down,Gov. Dowrbt and theAnother Mi/ton S, Latkavt, a pretty new steamer, to ply between this city and Sacramento, is to be otftooinsnoordlnation, &c., has teen sentenced to be publicly repr'unandedy and the sentence to be read on all the ships of tha Master Geo. E. Law, for etCtN£T istbe bottom of the Ophlr Company's shaft, which the come scare. It has never been the truck yet, not yet come off. Lieut. J. H. Spons and L. J. Wa-but his trial u-«Ms are yet to be tried, but I do net know upon whathear that the offence of one of them con-our neif Senator, Hon. M. S. Latham, takeshis departure, and a grand demonstration will terey, San Jose, Vallejo, Benicia, and Sacramento, lieved Commander Lockwood was crazy. And lastly. be made, and preparations are being made now and attwo ol these places twice, since Fbxmoi«t raised Commander LocEvroon himself will have to undergoOne of the poor fellows who were so shamefullyprobablyValparaiso.sloop-of-war St. Jfory'rbut two moreReferees for investigations. rosyriver counties and over totoremembertog that accounts reach us to the effect thatPacificwhich suffers as much from tbetoo low on their68,690;next Tuesday. The Champion, VAsnxBStLT's new Iron boat, arrived at .\capulco, on her upward voyage, toseven days from fanama, at which speed she will bo sixteen days and a ha^ to getting to California. She was thought to he a thirteen-day boatWe were emitted li 33. For vagrancy iu New-Vork, 3,937Jersey,especially;charged-Aithdrtmkenness,hajdoes from the of off-scourtogsof Asia asEurope. Durtog 1839 the arrests to New-York wereAssauits with intent to lull in New-York, 221 San Francisco, I.Hon. MirTOic,New-York, 51) ;For iosnliins laJies :n the streels in New-Vork, Jan. 30tolaurels tnat these statistics weave for San Franci'i-').and thatthrough thisrisifngo,rm of aUwbaayt.ion and prostra- crime goes impiinished. You should see how hot our There were other shocks of earthquake on therapeto the ad-following is more creditable than ours. arrests la San Francisco were 13 ; Our villiius strike deeper and aie In in 13- we bad no arrests—(it is *;tere, 15.coch;neal,Wehavenodatesfrom great toest, the bargato is faithfully kept Before Lone man, lately arrived in Faaama from Bogot»-wh« bfpalace. Yeiba Baeaa, the old place of iatermeat for the oa- says thst the city was partially Ilhuninited, and boa.every fagar-nail was ptotHly rsgathered.i toffforSanIsisted in saytog at the wardroom mess, that he be-of an old resident who died to Boston, and dying, tes- ConimanJerof the Cyaueto his present position.tified his love for San Francisco by desiring to be We have to port now t'le flag steam-corvette ian- buried here. His remains arrived by clipper from caster, the stearu-fcloop Saranac, the sloop-of-war around the Horn last week. Histo the fact that this is ain, affects the town sensicly.pleasant placeto be buriedsloop-of-warRealejo,hastofaction of his constituents. ** Long may he wave I' abused on the Sarah Parks, some eight months ago» is on the west coast of Mexico. The St. Louis sailed,InHe wiil b«Commander Samitxi, Locewoos ia not the exactlyare of frivolouscharacter. Hebroughtchargesagainsthis purser, Mr. J. D. ktntBAT, because Mr. MnaiAT refer-isl.ed. Lieut Jamis for Shllvzu.,hds beensuspendedfor twoyearson halfpay, andcharges.face little todicated her doom. earlypurciiaaed by the Natioaalquiry, when the question of bis fitness to coauaandwith the local of the road, aad managementwas lostashore on the Ifith tost., near Porto Bello, togetlter with her cargo of three hundred tons of coals for theold Pacific Mail The Steamship Company. captainThe Tanaiua Railroad;La Union, Salvador, Fct>.1Re^^" :bags dia-r.ibber, 45 baleshid.s, and *Il.-.ni. in specie.tbe new Senator from Cali-Salvador-The Frieats aad tM Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 