 i, by ihe way, wtuch * aafw. ::&*'•• y yacht ewaer*j, Us* E theneatof barthu gtertoae mutof t l 2,8Cfi te fh.pt vTJBam C Corrto, sad sedaaal} taafrct by bar advaatarea u ra whnb, throngh tba enaatag af herher own ftectans, she was partmliy•bority tokea, bowavar. by the Uaitod sraarat held by Cbs asibmlllsi on t a A*aaaaa tbe cavea footoftheWandad, aha New York Yaoht Craboarrv*t the yachtsman aad h a eraf. to almostto Vets a p a n love of the sport.aseanm as i start sat an s eraba to blue water Ota off the army ever arson T ee aqalpawat to •mpto aad your soundings, trust to year m s toga far s while, not- ! Strang, w«tajhta« bat slrtoai panada, aad so compact aof ywar Kagrtah esusas, raft your own j to berostory ctrrtod from pace to atom by a aetdwr go to Booth AmaMcs, try Barnaa-aaB oatbaSaltan, maotod or an font, it rsqarrm tor ft* am bat s sttgw; i farther p' aimS (A I . aeen.t of f a , eCwad a reemu. inat Areas On drreeteU to artag a!) gee lb* bar of the fao-ae.ah* bar af . af Mr Staat w, af afterailbatag cadet_orally. Bebatasaatee canted tb*Oaarstoaao*rwraUy closed, a- to* west dear atele t that Mr « M -a*tmsomeaayoretaerayu.a..ham a awff af totereat, to Baas—i w u by m e Aaaeraa at USWM, ta la*t, «M Vbenas, Tha fast toewfetoftymerelyan regattaday, sad tot tba atlHswat a cargo of up- »yth*uw*owuraatin*yaeh;•*•*e «nroaofthreehundredaaaroesfrasatheaaaataf AfricaAFFAIRS Of WASHINGTON. taace m ltdlac wtrfareeethe matter Dr. Myer a*a»Yeahl U*b, a. ^a>,*feM by the toiowtog baa Own anaad to Georgia tram tba Wi wbaiasa toe vaual tbaa ovaaraa .«i Is aasaptor to preacary nasspsaasilna tor tats tavwaitaa, bapublicopts*aawardst brasa*postdaatoaatedtoth*tan of yaoato forauag the New Yevk Yacht Bqaadroa, fti 1r %uaanrawnaiyreao.vadthattaaISIaftbeyaohtWaa- tirods, with handsaa wafts ami dsBaato a*totha aaa aaa effend u a p*ftm w *• »*-*» ' *»T cer..T be erased from tha tat, aad tha William Q. Oorrto. tqatn tbe ststaUtoa af the velvety kid; tar•^^^^ts*to*^^^^^*fc»»^w»»yaabM af aU setiwe, arvaatitra*r«rdto dtl-"»e * af f a MM fi>«M rotai m* la • »f W<tt, taa «*a*l soiree -f toe aaa**! raswtaa af lb* tter*J faem *•***»**, s a l <-e*s( u r uwm ay the i i i r - i a**ttag • c - «" *»i uveatbe members at tha aeaoetottoe, be, aad be hereby ia eslato*slab,udwrthetolawaiigenefitsaBB•- aaitodmmtheMawYorkYachtOne. ""^^•»*» ^aRtard,orahttresthTaamtotbepssmrshtfrombardThe Kansas and Army Bills in bi'l of tte two booses, aad the President will ao doeb tawaght to oanpaay wfth attar sneasbars who area, ewt oa parol Be had censured tha newerayr far perautuagyachte warn* e*ar*»d ta » » reo*. Tee c :p m»»'»• but m^ra *ejeci*lry trean hia oelag eagaaad ta a ••r pulling bto chare t. Oa m s eaatrary, bo delf,bto tatraffic r*;»ofMBt to bomaatty aad to tbe moral sense of toe work of yaebttag, sad dna'1 mtad abitof tor from saay asnaamsB yectneMasT any favwejw u<taary ehall alwaysbasniillM.I.ii|i aayaaaormoreo ies»-• ban, te eaim tba ngtt af uiaag a aeiea tor ihn aaaabor at an obsttmvte ttltor. He sasam oat tato tba Bag tab Channel, with Its short chop saa, that aimat takes a •rat off hto tost, wfth aa expectation of roughirg It, and tores a tasnktog bntzt—'be surf, dashes taa spray around him, and keeps every serve strung jo its utmost tension, while be guides fait craft along.IttothaspiritwhtabcarriedLordDuffenntoIceland andrJpttzsergeainthe'•Foam;"RobertSneddonaround theglobetotbeNancyDawsoa,andfinallytotbeArctic regions ta Search of Sir John Franklin, and Sir JamesBrooke to Celebes s a d Borneo, s term iaaaywlta.whtefahe threw open to Brttah enterprise, aad where he introduced tbe benefits of Christianity to natives wham prtaaxpalPsmmwwaa, (dam ) of Oa , ratoed aqaaattoa of ..that this course oouK act oe taaaa under the sre-aant anil, which w m usastoal AtbanaaaatxteeMooakerresumedtbechair. Oa tB*taa *f Mr. Bt <«an,tae thaaks or the Beautoad iris1 to Mr. Jetton, who ha* tea acwag uae-o tmpirt, for tha ahte, impartial aad signifiedto whmb be had artstoad oattog tbe snasaa at tba aignt.Onlytwoortermsamao•tawabaseauwerebroagat IB eight o'ctook, wasa a art* number arTtovflrtt gsntlemu ts>rtogaod wm Mr. Cralge e* SrrtM Mr.Biawm,(np>ofh Y,movedthatbaa*keptincustodyuwbeabeatopayaSeeoftwentyfiveBatten. Mr.GOOCB.(»ap.)« aam.ooaamd to*metem, tatendingthataytharatosttaBunscoaMlatnaroaape- nalty beyond MMa m of tta Sergeant at Arm* and to* Btnsm of tbe aamsngatMrSrammsatdttaoaastuattoagantbaBeamcnl- mttafl power, wanout aay aemaaty tor a rateCommittee to day, accompanying tba billtortba acleslanof the proems M the swans* ror smite, assumes targrot-.no that serving a warren far sash parptas to theexecution of process, and, on tbe authorities oftsd, to apurely mtototertol act, and therefore, both on prtodpleand authority may be awfully executed by aay nanoc aaa from Mams naasits wm correctauthorized by the officer to perform tba ptrttou Mr S m n n modified bis ruotatton u simply m tor.tact It to net contended that a sergeant at direct tbe Sergeant at A'ma to ret in Mr. Onto* la t j -arms can sppotat s general deputy, vesting all tody until the further order ot tt* ITbareaoiuitoawumssgrwdto."it or vuael at »•* Hat tbaa unrty or aurawftbanyyacht< aaaraby taaCwna Boast New York Yacht dab, which baa found fts way•saury a> aanaa tba vessel tataega. tea id far mornp may a u . aay matcha taag ontsace froai soma. BoUt ta tba vteaity afA wet sheet sad s flowing a m , And a wind that follows seat-ptabaMywasgtaataattww-thiruaf tbatea*u>frombarstern,ud saw which, to f a r i n a baa to, vara always trtanaat qsaa flat. Taa objaai •Walaad waa, trat, graator speed aaathaaaaaalaaaagaaadeaavaai; aaoaai, g-tutorato bitty to tba n a n I that to, aa taeraaaad h .ta apoa taa water, third, gieator evautaaa aad eqoalfty of motion, fourth, (roatar powera of aadaraaea ta n»ogh aaalbai atJ fifth, a atoadmaaa af atgaaa watch eftatted bar tabaap eiaaa to tba anad; anl toaa bat toaaay. Baa a a a a aaaatty aa wall aa a taeeaai, aaa tba rant! was thai a wbato- •sJa refaratotiuB eoauaaaoad whi Jt has brjughi taa art af yaaai buudiag aad j aabt sailing la Eailaad to ahigher drgraa af pe-fboHoa tbaa it ev«" o*fJ-» aussaart Tba saueat bluff bows vara aiflbaaged lor tha sharp aoaa aad etoar roa af tba Assanea, aa takpoteowas g:raa to tha sport all oaar tin worid, aad a targe aaasber of yaebto, toaatiy at tba Yankee model, were aided to those abaady to astotoaoa. Wttaia taa years after bar ap paaraaas ao lesstbaa eifh'y tee yacato we-e laagthaaei at tba bow)*, or, as it la termed ta England, "Amen eaoiieo" altar tbay aara boiU, aad mam t h u Ofty of titaaa are BOWthe fastest resa-ia »Qoat.laaddlftaatotheirspeed,Itbaabaaafoaadthat,liketha Amertoa,they "toy to" aaatar ta agate of wiad, salp leas • sear their aoaa ta a beery aaa, aad g 11« atoag with16a*BTbaao»,aarasatoc aad pioagtog toaa tbay did ba uua, the atoraa have baaa improved, the sails aad nggtrg simplified, sad ha general osaagarastoa af tba boll am w to combine toe qoaUttea of beta osastori aoi spaed la fat, tbe Aaglu Amancsa•jsabjaasattaa baa proved a enmotet* auceess; aad uumghear Eagttah esaatoa, atther from want of pinch or dtopo-oraft, there to a proud aMsifacuoa ta kaoartag that Bratbnr Jonathan baa taught ato reapecta-tle old an. thla, aa t> a goad away other things, tba matti h e aver tannedTUI YACHT SILVn IN KNOLAND.id by tba aacaasa of the Assertea, tha yscht BUvto, bataaftag to Mr. Loato Daaaa, af tale cay, was oarrtod Into tagltoh waasrs to ISM Her paraltoriy waa, tbat though of nearly two baadrad teas sseaatireaaeat, abe draw aaly aboct four aad a half feet of water By a peculiar arrangement, however, of centre boarda or sliding seels, wham dropped below Uw bottom to tba depth of seaaa feet, she was rendered ta strong winds perfectly stiff, t b a boards dispensing wfth tba aaeeaauy of using shifting ballast Bardank wasto teat;beam,Mfatoftinches;depth,7feat, aaddraughtafareier6j,feetaftana3>,feetatthefore, af tbe vessel was Immeaee. bar ongtaai bavtog expenied upon her upwards of 930,OBB. Uadar these drcanmaaoH!, aad from tbe fa ft that no craft was expect*! on the other stta whteb bad net gtran of bar superiority as would justify tha to claim tbe championship, gnat interest ta tba Sylvia Her ftaa sad peculiar Baas ware much admired, being entirely different from tba principles whtab b a d previously ragutatodfnglsrt yacht buildtag, but she sailed ta only oae race OatbaoccasionshewasbeatenbythaJuliabyabout tba length af a bowsprit, bat tt to proper to hid that then a s s aal wtad enough to keep bar sheets rail, aad It was a drift contort from bagmatng to end Mr Depau Imme- dtetoij raised a challenge flag t» his Bssatbead, and ottered to sail a race for aay amount, or even for the honor of tba affair, but he failed to find a competitor, the Sagbahmaa had got a Yankee beaiea. aad they de- termtaao to keep him ao. No ovher raoa cooaequeatly took piece Mr Dapan reaauted oa the Brihsh coaattl feet leaf, bar boom 72 feet; from sadoftbabowsprittotbamastwaaM feetor three months since the yacht Magnolia, ofthe been visited by the malady in question, an 18. nays38. WMnotDO* alivetotakeholdoftoedoctheraoutooma- to ascertain from them what sanitary measures Mr.BRIGHTrenewedhismotiontotakeuptheresolution totswithbfthickory baad. Thepthcyottne<i*m,:*i:coccurred to Eagtoad,pr«H*rteu»r af aaid yacht aad member < f tba e s s . primantf for b a deUoerato vatatwa of tha tana af she Battedto bto accomptaarsento constat ta tossing off ebsntaagaethe Senate.*eeretary TbompsonT8E HEW El-LAND C1TTLB DISEASE.Oar SpecialWttatalasrtam Despairto. WasanrosDa,June7,i860TBB BO*mfto.CEBX>IlKU OP WSD.VBSDAV. TbeBouseofRepneentettves,taeonseqasaa ofttafarcical performances from four o'clock yesterday aftw soon until twelve s'clack to-day, was compelled a the tatter hour to adjourn until to morrow, the mem ban being too sleepy to transact the public business During the whole Mate named nothing but filibustering was going on, and some oftonscenes, while they would sat have bean considered improper ta a crowd of sohsolseal the verdtot wfth bto sancti arwABont AOA'>0 an Avmatrii cosan.OsptainJ.hs Basvea, Naval Arcnuc forth* Snttst.ti, el bough ba tasted ha tuppoawd *u toaataa w u aaaMr BKXBUX ottered a ntaiattoa mat the Swreeat at arms ba directed a arrest Mr. Stanton, aad bnag fa asTHB T ACIT BDITH.This a tastier American yacht, oetsngltg to thepr«t»rripgenerrea against tbe Americas Consul at Co* itaatinople, John P. Brown. Brown has bean mat for, andtonowbar*. TbaStoleDaaasmaaat baathematte under advisement. -Other parties aha camntotoof Mr. Browa, aad tba probability is that his coarse while te Turkey alii be ttvntigeted by Congress.aixnmoF nx tosacsxaAPr.Stsator Stward lacs.vtd s tolographii devpatoh toSay, trcm Bt. Cstrartnes, Canada, that Mr. Schoolcraft, a' Albany, wb* married the Senator's adapted daagbter wssdtlajedatthatplaceonbtoreturnfromChicagob> iliB.-sa,sadcansctsurvive. Mr.Sewardleavesbanfor thatplacebytheearlytraintomorrow.LBOAL rowans or ran tBABOSAjrr AT ABBS. ThereportmanebyBaaatarBayardfromtbaJudicialBosun, ahe was used far a time by her swasr,ayatnsuloaaasnt,amtacueafdangres B. B karbes, Baa., oa a plusmi boat, bat ta »ucfcsstendthacrelmreeniDg alongisthefurroas oiamtoa ehall ba aaltaa over ma usatl regatta of the yam* uua to oaautMa af uaa sap. aaa sub)** to a* rata* aad sailing regu- - sartv aemg boaad to give six ,txtogtbaaaytbaaaaawaavvItatobaaawaattyeaOmmisidtbattbacaptetob»the flBB^fMB"w*9''•a 'HawbjB"U*s»B:snaBTu ,aftaasumbwrstbaraaf,orMMitaftt*vesselawiacieg atotbamatch,aalthat aw oMMtttoa a* hsiptog ft open ta ba Bailed f a ay ta* yacht atoba a* ail 'atabja aMattas aa Who wrem above a*< dew* a*ai< toraaar attach «a t, tbaa mektag ft a paraaa far trtoadrym arracv or raa AMOICA OH ENGLISH YACHT- uw,Apr!!, 1669 was said as a pilot boat, toin Banana Aires, ana made tba pasaagefromto tfaatartdao ta forty-tavrs daya* tha niiliinmsi having gonebythehoardoatheway BIsaainterestingfact toconnectionwttfathl*craft,thattheflagaftheclubwas oarrtodbytierfurthertntheupperwatersaftttoTJrngaay aad the Ra> X*gr« than the American flag had before been She a prohahty tba trot boat af lbs aqaadron that hat vaued the outbern hemapbare.NEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, JUNE 8, I860.-TRIPLE SHEET.Though Sbawas there s n hundreds betasging to clubs thsm whoad a at Of ton.knew nothing about tba amptostnautical aaairrm, Tbe thorough Erg tab yashlsmsa to not content to spreadbiebunttog «aiheronbaoaavaeewhtiebetoysataaehorthebatonee * tbe time, or gMdea butty around tamo sjatot bar bor. Be a tat always clad in ha bias coat an- Oram buttons far tba adaure'iea at Ms tomtom*cr.tf yonUvestttaapto<A,eircaanaavlgatotbeworld, ! a d tbaa earn* home and write a bask. It win sarswta refloat lustre on y a w deeds and retoy*tru r sxrfted by d*y and tt night, a daaaaaa af aftaetTHB YACHT MOBTM R A B .The most tatportant event bawaror, in the ha- ambition before hto arrival consisted ta ornamenting thaiMr CBAitik, (dam) of K C , said be baa ao eitosttea to betog mace u asBspttoa to th* gasani rate a* tan Bo uw proper; am be baas* gulls mm weaM grew hattory of private yachting ta oar country, if not of hum with the greatest possible number of their neighbors' toodsra times, was the toarasy to Barsaa, ta 1853, baadaaf Commodore VaaderbUt, ta the North Star. Tha The Hon Ersktoe Murray was another instance of thewas a steam yacht of tba largest stas, built ex enterprising spirit of private individuals. In hto schoonerhadn't gat Mr VansswoOT said If taa uoawtruowoa of tbe g u l stba idveat of tba America, Bartaatoaf.aftarpboa.aandthwftub cotobtaad all tbe rrquftttea to totofa comfort^aod safety Philip for Borneo to enter tato friendly relation* often disgraceful, to a deliberative body like the Unitediwasaiy tor ner twaer to talks a pleasure voyage ta, and yscht, tbe Young Queen, be sailed, ta 1848, from Port boys, ware all tbe time improper and undignified, and whichmoneycocldprocure, fibs toft MawYorktaMay, withtheSultanafBrucetahisowncapital thatmight StatesHouseof Representatives TheSergeantatArmsbto own functions ta him, bat that ba mayoa^general principles of tow, depute the authority to par.form s merely lnintotortol act to a thud person who maybe only m to that act bis tpsctal deputy Tba legal tatendatoat must be that the Senate inteodad Mutt the procam lasned by tne Sergeant avArms by its President the motion to lav Mr Moatgosaary ton dotton wm da- should be served by deputy. /tfae bill a baaed on tba agreed to—lb agaaat atDuring tne mo ton the questton arose as to the right of n member who b u not paw his t u s to voteTbe SraAxaa deal tec tarn th* pay meet of tbe torn w u a entirely between tbe m«aaer aad M* Bsrgusn at- u d that a* member oouto be aaeaaad or raeireta- U from votmg m acoooat of the impt-tmiam of a fiu, thus Cox, of Ohio, ta connection wfth tbe Leco motor revtratBg the aactotoa •' the Spaaaar pre fcstews, mat*and Kansas bills, and which insinuated tarn durtogtn* bitbtAlter th* vom was declared, Mr. Pwrnr, (rep ) cf lad.,corrup* advances to Mr. Cox were thorsughly refuted o> sate be ram to a qoaation of o derthe sworn statements of that gentleman. The Covode Messis BICKBAN, (A L d a m ) op Y a,, and Uovaiov, Committee fully exculpated him from any shadow of i a (rep.) of lit , objfcteo to the geoiemaa addressag theChair for aay porpotie, u he « u aaaw arrestproper influences, i h e statement that the Postmaster a' Tne Snusaa aaa n« must dec a* «their rates were goodand a dozen assistants, w a n kept i s constant activity VaaderbUt, ba wife, elgbtoan of his tons sad tans tataw, heart of that unexplored kingdom. Bat without say no- during the night, arresting aad bringing in memben. ItMr.Orate*sad lbs othersware than stomargadi the payattnt of the utuai lees1863, navtng oa beard a lamUy party, tstwhattag of Com. have lad to the establishing of a Brttah factory in tbeana daagbton aad daughters in-law, besides ha family tice, be was fired upon from all the forts, and chased phyatotoa and Clergyman, with their tadtes, aad after a down thesriver tor two days by a large fleet of Matey pleasant run across the Atlantic touched first at South proas. Sustaining a running fight against overpoweringamptoa, from theses tba party proceeded to London •iumbers with most determined courage, a cannon ballwas difficult to find many of them same absent ed themselves from tkelr rooms and slept out, to avoid arrest. Others would act easwer when summoned, tbe Sergeant called three times at the door of one member from New England, Whose lodgings are attheNational,andtbetwo flrst times could getno re sponse Tbe third time the Sergeant announced h n pre sence outside the door ta a very loud tone of voice, Informing the truant member that the Bouss demandedMr Moaigamsry bavtog aaea arrearau, Mr. Boruawr move* that a* ba BB*S am douara.Liverpool, House, Naples, Leghorn, Flarenee, Copenhagen,Crotstodt, St Petersburg Gibraltar—vaiting, ta fact,nearly all the prominent eeaporta of tba Cmttasnt, andmany of tbe totortor cities. Tbe presence of a privatecitiatn of the United States on such a magulfkcsnt pleasure tbe royal burgee has not waved from the masthead ofjaunt. stt«ud«o by ail tba surroundings ol royal spiendor* British yachts. In summer we find them In the neigh hat he be brought to the bar of that body to answer forprinciple, and grows out of tbe unsuooaasfttl effort to arreat Mr. Sanborn aad Jobn Brown, Jr .naturally excited wnadermeat wherever ba went, end oorbood of St. Petersburg. or Eanuohatks, or the North throughout the trip tbe tourists were the recipients of ton; while In the winter they are careering aboutbauniiul hctpttaJfty. After spending three months ta •he Bay af Biscay, scooting along to Cadiz or Gibraltar,non-attendance. Tbe member , disliking t h e annoyance, and believing ta tba popular theology of the day, Inform- ed the officer that he could go to bell. The latter. taking tbe member at his word, proceeded with post baste to the House of Representatives.(ba asrreabie manner, ieavmg the lmpresstoo wherever he went t h a Brother Jonathan could "do some things asanchored by the siae or some line of battle ship at Malta,or dancing ta the wake of the Sultan's caique, as ah" wall aa othere," the Cimmodnre turned bat adventurous clesves the waters of the Golden Horn. Others, still moreColumbus wMimmedlatelt appointed oa Mr. Cox's votingfor aaymag, that tbe member while under arrest oai noSTLAJf YACHTING 111 ENGLAND AND AH£- night tone burthen, called the Pet. which, to take his deBICA.Tha is a brand of tba sport which to comparativelyn»HlH.TY-*lXTa PIBBT BBT1IIUJB.it bee greatly increased ta popularity, and than a n tew among the crowned heads of Europe who are not tbe owaen of a royal steam yacht. Queen Victor* aad theeffort to send ti tba Senate for the resolution within tbe last t wo or three days.m S CATTLB DBSA9E TheHouseCommitteeonAgricultureweretnsessionto-day to hear a report from the Secretary of the United 8totes Agricultural SKiety relative to the disease among cattle tn tome ot the New England and Mid die States. T h e report contained many interesting statistics, and quoted largely from tbe recent message of Governor Banks, of Massachusetts, on the subject. The committee adopted it, and agreed to report It with the fol lowing resolutions to the Bourn :—Resolved, That in view of tbe extent and magnitude of the national interests threatened by the fatal malady now prevalent among the cattle within several of the dtates of this Union, this House cannot but regard with special solicitude the efforts and measures adopted by the citizens ana legislatures of the States Immediately concerned. aimed at the speedy extirpation of so destructive a disease.tends and rocks of the Baltic, to the Gulf of Finland.On one of these occasions, led by a bold curiosity, the taring yachtsman ventured within range of the Russian cuns. aad came near paying a severe penalty for his te- make them. Their names are the Visions and Albert merity, the shot dropping over him, ahead and astern, in every direction. but fortunately not doing a a y mischief. Ibis a only one of a number of instances that Bight be adduced where yaebto, targe and small,WASHINGTON, June 7,1800. A targe number of Bouse bills were reported open.•yetaafurtedtheSrtttohbarge*taoar:togtv*asasampleoftbaqaaltttasoftaatr"Asas- PrinceConsorthaveaslamthantour,whosemodelandMr.BATAKD,(dem.)otDel.,madeareportontbe Amotiontoadjournwudtoasvaadtospaed a n as near perfection as art and ambition coul!petition of F. B Sanborn, asking te be relieved from obli- Alter further proceedings, Mr. Jan* OOOBBANS, (dem )gation to appear before the Harper's Ferry Committee of N. Y ., said ft was avtasnt mat a qu^rux w u andaskedtbattheJudiciaryCommitteebedischarge4 presentandmovedthatfurtherproasadiotabeinei^aea^d wfth. The question w u deeded to thealitrmatire—02(frigate), Osborne (tender), Fairy (stoop), said to be the fastest ta the kingdom, and tba Etta (tender).from further considoratiai of mid petition, which WM sgreed to.Mr.BRIGHT,(dem.)oflad.,movedtetakeupthereso lotion fixing the day o ' adjournment, but withdrew It subsequently.Mr. BDGHAB, (rep) of Mich., moved to take up theveto message of tbe President in the cam of Arthur Ed wardsandhisassociatesThe bill waa to allow Edwards A Co for mall service on the Northern lakes, and was vetoed by the President because the chargesallowed were exorbitant.Mr. YVLSB. (dem.) of Fla., opposed, sad Mr. BINGHAM advocated the bllLagainst 3b.Mr. COLTAX, (rep.) of lad , moved that the House gointoCommitteeoftheWholeonto*SateoftheUarac oa tbe Fortification bill.Mr. ASHBORB, (dem.) of E. C., moved to a'jiurn Ne- gatived—44 against 86Mr. COLFAXappealed to the Boom, bseasm then moat neeesssriiy M aa end to them procaadtogs The gu.ua- man (Mr McKsaa) war deprived ot thefiwr bat nignt oy thedemocraticsue,upon theground mattherewuno quorum present, aad if tb*v now refused to go tnto com- mittee tt would show thu tba objection w u no; the wantof a quorum.Alter further proceedings the Boom went rc'.s com-TBB VICTORIA AND ALBKBT.The tlrtt named is the one in which the royal visit wasmade to France ta 1866. She to nearly as long as thegreat H'matoya steamer, and built chiefly of mahoganyaad East India teak. Ber decks are told with Canada firplanks, and felt ia placed between the beams sad deck to States has of late become a favorite, aad almostdeaden sound Tbe entire space from tba paddle bones aft a devoted to the accommodation of royalty Oa tha upper deck ft a targe-dining room, twenty four Bat by seventeen, enclosed by glass, sad commanding an untaevery year oar yaohtomen have the pleasure of hospitably welcoming their brethren from the other tide. The first visit to tha country waa ta the fall of 1836, when the dashing Marquis of Wsterford came over with a party of friends In Uw yscht Gem, and created a great senResolveo, Tbat tbe Secretary of State be request ed te open a correspondence with the ConsulmitteeMr MCKBAN. (rep,) of N". Y , resumed hie spoesh mstruck him dead, as he was in the set of loading a gun, whilst havessel wasactuallytasightofthe am, and ta another hoar would have escaped from hto dangerous pursuers In fact, one can hardly name a port ta whtabnxosssATioji or an, cox.The recently published statements relative to Mr.prow homeward, dropped anchor on the 27th of Septomber in New York bay, and shortly after had the Battofacton cf seeicg a record of the events of hit pleasant jour-ney perpetuated to a volume publahed by hll pastor— i«ss than twenty tons. During tbe Crimean wsr man> Boose, dependent wholly upon tbe disposition ofward, and had no connection with tba. measure. Tbe vacancy was not created till the autumn of 1658.The SrsAKXS aaid be w u uawmtog \i utertaln the ap- peal, aao tt would have to be takes by same friend of ta* Second Coagresaionsl district of Indians have nominated genu*man from Inoana, or tome other member not innerJamesA.(raverssstheirCongressionalcandidate. Toe arrest.Mr. MONTOOBBBT, (A L dem ) of Pa , and others whothelirstaadonlyoaeofthekind,weansorrytoadd- yachtsmenaccompaniedtheEnglishfleettotheBaltic,anathat has emanated from aa American pea.remained several months. One or the most remarkable unong these was Rev. R. E Hughes, a plucky EogtUb clergyman, who twice navigated a little craft of less thandistrict is at present represented by the Bon. Wm. Hcould not give aattoUctory reasons for their abuam, were fined the costs o' arreatMotion to arjoura and to suspend the preoeei_ags were negatrnd m rapw aucoreatOBNumerous questions of order ware decided, appeaied from anc dlscamed, amic great oonfamonMr UBDSBWOOD. (dem ) of Ga , app atod to th* Hcose to put an end to these proceeo.ogs, and moved tnat tbe House a ijournMr. ASHLST, (rep ) of Ohio, gave notice that he aad bto friends would not consent to aa adjournment until t a gentleman from New York (Br. McKeea) bad made n a speechadventurous, have crossed the oaaa to the Cape of <,jo.i dope aad one brave fellow astonished the Australians b; appearing In Melbourne harbor in a small cutter yaoht ofMr Pami, (rep ) of lad . respectfully appea.ed from tbe aeeaton ot tbe Chair, amid r-vs o* or tor.ecrlpUon, wan "about as long as a moderate sized drawingCOMOlUBBas.room, and scarcely as wide as a four post bed," acrossrectnt, both in tnuaad the Old Country. Nevertheless, the tempestuous North Sea, through the shoals, quick sacrifice of the public business. The House made anban ventured long distances from home, and whose pub tahed togs have given to the world much valuable and en- tertaining informationAmong the retorts of English yaohtamen, the Unitedwhiletbenurseryfortbaroyalbabiestabelowtha,ortaroyalsquadron,asuperbcraftofonehundredandsix bave been adopted,andwith what success,wna fixingtbedayofadjournment Cheresolutionprovtaes the jibbitom waa 18 teat oat tba toagth of her the trial trip ft a stated that she realized a speed of fifteen tons burthen, built st East Boston, Mam., but at presen steps have been taken to exclude animals coming from ror an adjournment on the 18th, at twelve Mparty,urepreaeniadoyther-'ontbernleasers,wisop puaed to the encouragement of T:ee tenor, oppoa*d to the Pacific Ualiroao, located to promote tbe in^reeu of the whole country, u d opposed to the meucre of g ? ig homes t o freemen Tney aetcand that aia vary sh*n u extendeo and perpetuated. Tbe oesurreB.se at Ha^par a Ferry w»s tbe oftoprwg of slarery Thon wfc? tatx« 't into free plates .o prove a prolific source or future evia? Why worship slaver} an tjVirS?Mr. IJSAKS, (oem ) of V a , wahed to ask the gectieman a quest! <nMr. MCKSAN refused to y'eld the floor saying, a'ter StruggliDg twelve hours he would not surrea'ier Be warned Southerners that tbe North was not to be invr. • dated The republicans «.ili take control of the shir ofwhatmightbatermedtba"thirdstorygoingdown''Oaknots, or opwarda of seventeen aad a half statute miles an hourTHX BC8SLAK OfFKBIAL TACHT NBOVA.Tha ia a beauuiui craft, belonging to the Emperor of Russia, and used by hn family m travelling to and from the palaces on the shores of tbe Gulf of Finland. Hsr dimensions are— length, 146 rest, beam, 18 feet. She itowned by Sir Henry eecher, dropped anchor in our her bor, after a circuitous tour which commence! last Decem- ber, while hardly a year has elapsed since the arrivt in our bay of the yacht St. Ursula. on a cruise across the Atlantic, having on board Mr. Hugh Tenuant, the owner, his family and friends, who were thus availing themselves of their own private conveyaaa to visit the principal ports of the Old and New World. Other in- stances of similar visits might be enumerated, but enoughcountries when the disease exists, sad what medios' treatment has been adopted.Resolved, That the Secretary of ^he„Interior be request e 1, in having agricultural information and statistics col lected during the next fiscal year, to obtain statem-ma of the condition and nrogress of this disease and the action and results of the State commissions; and that, should th disease not be checked, be be further requested to com munlcate the result of hit inquiries to t a a House at th commencement of its next sessionMr. CAVKEOS, (rep ) of Pa., hoped ao republicans would vote for sn sojournment until the Tariff bill WM acted on.Mr. BIGUTR, (dem.) of Pa., took the same view.Mr. WILSON, (rep ) of Mass , opposed the resolution. The Senate WMnot in condition to adjourn. It could not do so hi justice to the public interest?Mr BROWN, (dem ) of Miss , thought tt tbetr duty to stay and attend to business. Be was read; to mee tbe tariff question M all others.Mr. i WIN. (dem) of Cat., thought neither houte pre pared to adjourn. Be had hope of getting up the Pacific Rallrcad bill and disposing of li this session.raosricT* OF noroiAB ATTHKSOITH.The news from Georgia and Alabama Is not very en- steam and canvass The total cost of the vessel waa has been cited on this head to show that the Eagllsh un couraging for Douglas men. The despatches from Gov.oT234 tons measurement, sad has two engines of 36 horse power each, with great apaclty for speed both under100,000. sad ber fitting up a said to be more expensive than that of any other vessel afloat.TBB rOFB'8 BTBAH TACHT.Hto Holiness Pope Pua IX. also oonfeases to the weak neat that llesh to heir to, by occasionally talulglng in thepleasure of yachting. He has a beautiful tieam yaont called the Immasolata Conoezlone, fitted up in supe-b style, and throughout a model of speed, teste a n l ele gence. She \t of 62" tons burthen, of 300 htne power, and carries an armament of eight brass eighteen pound- ers. Her speed a about fifteen miles an hour.derttend the true romance o' yachting, and are, In the feature of sport, far m our advance.FINIS.In thus treating the subject of yachting, we aave goneover a wide cruising ground. that our readers might have an idea of tbe extent to which this delightful sport is en joyed. Before we drop anchor, however, we desire to tire a parting salute, in the shape of a few concluding suggestions for the benefit of yachtsmen.Cobb «tate that the Douglas men were overwhelmingly defeated. The indications are now decidedly favorable for the united democracy in the coming contest There is a movement on foot to unite the eatlre South upon Dickin-Mr. SEWARD, (rep ) of N. Y., moved to lay it on the table. Last—yeas 28, nays 36Mr. BKHXR, (dem.) of Pa., moved M aa amendment to adjourn on the 27th.The subject WMfurther debated by Messrs. FBSSSXTJBN. CAUBROK and others,tiny make the moat of it. ^At half p u t eleven tbe committee ram.Mr TUwn, (rep ) of Mass called up the Kiasoi.': cottested election cau.Mr. SHERHAS, (rep.) of Ohio, moved to par.poor tsconsideration till to morrow. Tney hta benn ic eeatioc twenty five hours without transacting any bnaui-**. cut on a soMtiintional point, that a , Mr Craig* bao re.tec a point tbat DOspeecnes couiu oe made in the abeec •• ->' atoad, while a ooamderaote number of private gentlemenbe required to test: '$ relative to the frequent trips made byalready been Its first fruits, and won for the nation th>- private tram ban was tokea to Grant Britain samebeam,thesamedre'tofwater,andwareimpelled proud title of champion of the seas. Wnile wewhereshewonthreeprtseetaLiverpool,aadtwotaIre* toad, la toast saa a year after bar arrival. She is the •rat Yankee ehp ar that ever sailed an tbe Thaaws, sadinduced offan from a gen- ts the Brrfceaheed Model Yacht Cmb,which renu.ted m bar annafar to bus, an tbat aba to aaaaftbafavavftacraftofMttoanterpitHB TACHT CHAlrTBB OAK.WbiWrnr yamtnmea, uatortuaataly, are not generally B.r«'.n ta wan ertog far from borne to thatr craft, then art a tV«i tmbued with tba ganntoa sprit of tbe sport, waoae tov- of Mi*eatara baa p.^Huptod them to b r a n tba(tee*.-r» r.' the ana, aaa drop taatr anchors ta foreign fhMta. Amoct the aaoat iwasarftabto of these ocean trips,aad easily to oa aeaauat at tba dhntaatrn ohalacwr at tbe evert, waa a voyage of tba Caartar Oak, asaaatl »echi ftui t oy C e ^ a Waob, of Stamorl, aalyforty tnree feet locg thirtoan feet wide, fin feat three s n tochea eeea. aad aasaaartag twenty three tons She startcans. Mr. Douglas WM paired off with Mr. Clay, aad Mr. Crittenden wfth Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas. Maaara Ken nedy and 8auUbury ware absent or not voting WBfa these exceptions all tba republicans voted yaa aad the ae mocraiE aay.TBB AEBT HILlw u proceeded with, aao various amendments were offerao appropriation toils before taa Boose unttaaDaee BTtog 1saatiei a s coald exprsu their view*. B e wtesdrew a a to postpoaeMr. LaAsn called attention to the fact that an eighteen coramo speech, never aelivered ia the House appeared in the <7toV.Mr. BKKBAHmid that th* report of tbe Judiciary Com- mittee oa the President s protest w u tbe specai orderby engines of sixty horse power, with boilers of the same capacity. Ia* yaat, however, a l i e feat long,aad 216 tons buittmn, and has a long, sharp, hollow entry or bow, whereas the tender baa a round, full, bluff bow, to oalyaave done much, we have hardly begun th"work. While we have furttabed the worid with fastest yaebto, cllppen, pltot boats sad staami tbat ever floated upon its waters, there Is yet a wide fie!10b fast ta toagth, and of 120 mas burthen. On a trial before us. Every day our buildare are dtocovenng neaed and dtocomed at length. IOtheadjournment.NotwithstandingtheSenatehascon Mr.BROWN,(dem)ofMas,offeredanamendmentfortoday.by Mr. Inird sad tba two Landere, whose namesTbe President wtll not fill the vacancy on the SupremeBench for acme da; a yet. Be is anxious to confer it noonen able jurat, and Is therefore thoroughly and carefullylooking into the judiciary of that circuit. He wi.l appoint Mr. IVERSOS, (dem ) of Ga., renewed the amendment tbe Bight had undertaken to deprive eemosrata of in»irNiger.ShedrawonlythreefeetandsixA love tor aquatic amusement should be more thoroughi>acmeonetathecircuit,whichembracestheStatesof liissttslpp'. Arkansas and Virginia.THK TOITGAKT BILL.The Senate Judiciary Committee b a n under cenddera-tion tbe Hoane Polygamy bill, and will amend tt in seve- ral partictitan They intend, If possible, to agree upon Borne measure tbat will wipe out this festering sore and canker upon the body politicFK08FBCT8 OT TBB TAWFT HILL.The Senate Finance Committee at their meeting to-daytook up the Tariff bill, and discussed it st great length, but came to no conclusion. They will resume it again to morrow. Its friends on the committee and ta tbe Senatealready despairofdoinganythingwithItthlamadeInCommitteeoftheWhole,andthererejected,that ooMtituttonalrtohteThegenkaaacfromoa»(<r when States have Bade advanc-s (or military purposes, Sherman) retired tost n gbt at eleven o'clock, and debi- sod have lost or paid tha to«re*t oa tbe m n e , the tors quietly enjoyed b a slumbsn.infused tato the community, and s spirit of emulation b- ed front New York to Jane, aad arrived at Liverpool on long voysge entirely dtoaelled the Idea that there was fsatered. Bams, instead of being butterfly tripe of tentba Stab of July, af» r a ran of thirty seran aayt, saving heea aastgaaad aarasa tbe Attoatk; by Oaataia Webb and aaa asaa Shetofttba part withtheaaptaicand•wo ama, bat oa the first day out one of the totter was kntck- ad overboard by tba jlo ag of tbe boom Tba was suffi atoat to b a n asMmn saaa ansa rrom proossdlng furtheri voyage, aad tboogn oae of them did aot compass or the sailing of a boa'., sad raaoaaaaarorchartoftonooastanboard, Ufa y aoaiMtied oa aattl their owatiaattoa was reached. A'.LisastanIOaasuaWebbwasoawtouyraaarrod,andhat) the Btoaatin of dapoautg of bis yaont far tha sum of Bisawdanger ta going to taa wfth so light a draft of waie; Bwatmmstwvarai entente of tba Niger, and was after wardsbeachedatClarenceOove,where berrimonsUl vaible She wmsavaaty feat taag by thirteen featsix ftet six Inches deep, and was propelled by a afBTBAM YATCaiNG IN AMERICAto yet ta its latency. Than are probably sot more thanflitosa or twenty steam yaebto ta tbeeouatry Of thenlouror«nanintbaofty,twoanonInksGeorge,twoor fifteen miles, should be long enougn to bring ou. tn>. best qualities ff a yacht, aad give Its owner an oppor tnnityofdisplayinghaseamanship,if hehasany Ina word, we should show by our action? that we possess the nautical aklll, courage and material which entitle us to toka rank wfth the crack yachtamenof the worldA ward upon another branch or tha subjecttmgator (act that half the yachtsmen of the present day, KagtahandAmerican,aonotKnowhowtomiltheir ystebs themselves In a match, sad seldom know where tofindagoodcaptaintodoIttorthem laotherwonts. they do not know bow to make a fair wind of a foul oneThe Houae at a quarter to tsetve o'c!o:k aljOLrcei until noon to-morrow.of water, sad bar seaworthiness during heron Lake Erto, oas or two at Albany and tn* tamenumber tt Sewburg ; but all o n wamantlnly Many a craft has been capable of winning arse* tn whichCuaaca Puus —Part 1—Same m yttBarday. Part 5— session, tne bill to very Imperfect, and the senate tut question ta toll Butts It don't r»q<ilreattvmol< Sasae u beforefroa seven totonhone power, and not calculated for1 puff atoag ta smooth water at tba rate•• ot at all on Seconal of th* eapeaase af the Joan B-owo testae, ttoreitee Onaitotea* t i Waiter v B .taaa, r * n -Carried on with a proper spirit, yachting will atw&ye be the most agreeable recreation a gentleman can enjoynot yet indicate l hit Intention to accept.C. J. Ba; lor has been appointed Consul to Cclogne.THK C. VODE MVSKriG.itTIONSMr BRIGHT, (dem ) of Ind., thought they could get through by the 18thMr. BIGLBR'Samendment was rejected.Secretary Tbompeon has been subpoenaed, and will apabout two yean, and than returned with his yaobl to the wfts the owners at steam yachts, built for them in Eig Thereto a quiet exultation in possessing s vessel of beauti- pear before tba Covode Committee on Saturday. Hi will YKA.-*—Meters Bayard. Benjamin, Bragg, Bright, Cbee day and; enforce atiesaenee. Instead or foltowtn; theUaftadtoatosTHf YACHT TRLAHT.Tbtola another saerima yaent, which went to Englanda 1*62 ta aaffaga a tbe antmahog coatostt tor supremacy tbaa as ftaanaat; aad thoogh a Lilupuuaa in her stas, betog oaly three aad a half tone ta measunment, she amply realised the b'ftf azpectottona of all who baaw bar auaiftfea She waa built to lttoS tor Mr. B. M Grtnaeti, o thai city, and after severalful proportions, fitted up with everything thai can conduceof fortune have givea aa impetus to this branch o ya-sht to comfort or speed, and bounding over the blue waves one of hit clerks, named Mat tin, during the session of thenut,Clark, Oicgman, Crittenden, Davis, Fiwn.Fiizpatnck. usual practice to make or print oereontE is We aoe»tv « of Hale, Hammond, Hemphill, Hun*r, lverson, Jonoaou ot a quorum It was neoeaaary to poBipoae tbe special or Arkansas. Johnson of Tennessee. Kenneay, Meilory. Mason, der, beoanse tbay were ait weary aad worn out Tt*yTbe Saltan of Egypt aad the King of Denmark are likewith no Impelling power bit the swift breath of the God of Winds, which steam driven decks can never impart There Is something about it lordly, independent exciting, healthy and invigoratlog T et the great end of yachting la not merely amusement. Whatever may be the plea sure It affords, its ultimate result must be the perfecUou of thorn supers models of naval architecture which havePowell, High, Rice, Sebastian,Stidell, Thompson, Toomoa, Wigfall.MATS—Messrs. Anthony. Btgler, Brown. Cam«ronChani ler, Oollamer, Doolittle.Durkee, Fesaendea,Foot,Greene. Grimes. Gwta, Hamlin, Barton, King, Latham, Niohotoon. Polk, Seward. Simmons, Sumner, l e a Byck, Trnmbuil, Wade, Wilkinson, Wtaon.THB ADMISSION OT KASHAS.Mr. WADS, (rep ) ot Oha, moved to take np tbe Kansaswere not tn oonoiiion to act c* the question to day He wm willing to any here, bat other gentlemen were notMr. Brosns, (8 opp ) of Teaa., ama ae had aot atopt at all throughout the night, bat w u willing u> remain here six hours longer to tnasact tbe outaam of the countryMr BBBSBAB w u glad to o u r that All ba desired w u that gentlemen oa tba democratic ad* matt aot expect republicans to give ap their consttutiona! righto If tnsy could deliver their speeches only i t tbe presence of a quorum, ihe aretion would be protracted beyond the urn*Convention in Kansas for the formation of the Lsoompton constitution. The theory Is, that the slavery clause of that instrument was written here, and tbat Martin was the messenger to convey tt to General Calhoun, the President of the Convention. Martin has been before the committee and denied it. Tbe committee will introduce a resolution into tbe House to morrow asking for authority to bring Mr.Dunham,theallegedBulbarofascertainletterabout Halt's disapi>earanoe, t> the bar of the Bouse for con- tempt.rax AnjorKsamrr or COKGBSSS.The republican Senators aad Representatives will holda caucus to morrow miming to consider the subject of of speed between lbs two vessels, the yacht's dans, aad improvements are taking place. In the put (be public business before Congress, with specie: referenostog by than* preference for the aJjinct of steam THB MKBIBL STBAH TACHT.An interesting rxtanmeat was recently tried in Eng bad by a geattoman named Hans Busk, for tbe purpast of ascertaining the relative speed of two vassals of differ est proporttosn. He aooordrngly had constructed for him a yacht aad leader, both of wolsh a n precisely o.* thebill Lost, by a y « 27, nays 32—a atrict party vote, e*ceptthatMessrs.BigterADOi'ughvotedwiththerepublt setapartbytbeBoas*lorfine:adjournment HAwouldriduals who knew how to aevtlope teem Aa inMr Hr.vnx (dam.) of T a . aa-d Virginia WM deeply mwrestoo, aad claisao tato aaaaatt aa a juat datrt, aadAJHUVALt{MasroTu—aata Barvaat Q u u T OuUteMse, Mr (bar* bona aalB by tba Bloom* BtoBtoa, of Howoorg, oasofwhicharmtostsummer,taeomraaywithsevere:snobmenasattarheartaadsoultatothesportTaareBytttbeforebetoreadytobeliberated. Mr.CBAirmaa.gontlaaan, warnasfar as ta* head of Lskn Champitta ta a steam j asm twenty five fast img, fin feet beam, wfthv siting all the poena of tolas aft to that htotorte locality,taftof a no* often oapaausaa their exertions, sad Itto wonderful ta a stiff bness to wttn-ss tba rats at wttab cne of tbeae kalte *d(r*u cuppere under toetr hands wu aetakenthroughtbawater,aadthedaringratsthat will se run to oomta taa most tr.U' ig advaataf a Wttb- out such a crow aaeosm cannot be expected. be lbs yacht oudtby whom tt may A rale » aossa tt* tbe royal ctabs of England. aad one which aught be advaatagaoaa iy itigir" b e n , a that yacato soaU be manned extaMtwammntng AT WBBT ronrr ACADSMTCol. Detoneld, Superintendent ol Wast Point Academy. about to retire from that station, hat four j e a n ' torsibe pato oa paetptoe af yWithout taktog the question, st half put finIBScoHCtiCsioa' o r iftwtmnaT's Wjswmmnm,Asptawnu.oft» tons burthen, called Mm nrefly,which hesoldto «hn army and navy. Mo doubt tt would aettoa ta the result of Secretary Floyd s ra&v .m i s ofty, swnad a t isaWul atoetosmaty ay membere of tn* club, or ay ataoem of creating a signal ofoesr tor the army. Towgo bard with soma o our asaooth water gentry, bus tt relative to tba tartos of exoe-wntR wi t> oa forty or fifty •aafaim, toakad to tarer aaaaa o-rjsxTOJtog, DtBawltntal _ISGLPH YACHTSMEN ABROAD. Ifaay aaa tbtog man tbaa aaaabar baagmatmBwjtonvt,M»tbo adv*a.ar«M sow.; whichearns. Be tanged m wad u be coold, baft smashers mmt4 sntta themwhatail vaeateaea**aghitob--—**u tba fait skfnais invented by Aatotaat Sargejc HBWTtotteda raspaniitarefaaadtocome.am. Family, taatead a raaagtag lastly aaout in in- Ir» id tba 3 .boaea gardes*, let tmr va;ittmcn innAtoert i, Meyer. *f taw awdtsai corps af the stay fna a considered one of tha moat bnportett da:Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Mr Beans*, (a*m ) *t Md., mid ft wm a rtotoatoat tares to stay bat* all atoat white taanb m wm* ncm-tfa.It Is athey b a n baaa beaten by inferior vessato, waase powerhave oaly been dncavered just as ahe was benmntog r. tbe? geaeralty a n n a ilaet pair of beers, to rot, shnpry by falling Into the hands of ind.Richmond on tbe 9th Inst, will adjoura, without transactaftwarro or flftotn mtaw on hoar. Beveral of tans* dwpeambto requisite of a susoasstul yaoht a mg aay basinets, until alter tha nomtaattea tt Baltimore ra«d Tbat area tar matter Sew aroastta a»a daring sti'ing master aad an efficimt crew From present appearances the Senate will dtocbarge count, bat uka tbat bar aaasaato, u alreadysmall, bemg onto frasa thirty m fifty torn long, aad18th.THB RlCBnOSD ONYBmON.The r.platen to that tbe Convention which a to meet aMates h a n expanded lor the pontic defence aboold be re tordec io them.The teat of Mr. Barrett, contested b? Mr. Blair, was un der consideration ap to the time tbe filibustering com menced yesterday afternoon, and, notwitstonding thefor the English bill tta mistake It was eight months after right to vote, spean or act to any way in the oajaei.f of a member.vast amounttbat case,it hatnot since been touched, aadthe wbcle rf today to lost In the face of this waste of time, the senate today has oncarrei in tbe House resolution to adjourn the session on the i 8th or June. No sensible person believes that either the Senate or House is tn earnest in this action, from the fact that the adjournment cannot ttks place so early without a greajson.It is hourly gaining strength.I Ot'B (T_41M8 ACintST 1'AIUGl At .Mr. CAMERON, (rep.) of Pa., moved to postpone thesubject till to-morrow. He said tt bad bean prooueed bytbe democrats of Perm ylvanta that we about 1 bave atariff bill thto session. He believed his colleague honest quorum While tbe gsatlemaa had a right to mace u so fImportantbusinessbeforet b eA private drapetih states that the democrats of tbethe question being taken, shall '.he bill pass, notwithcent place, taxmedtately under tbe dining apartment, ssticn among all classes m tale city. It is only two of the United States in such countries as may hav standing tbe Preadent's ebjscuons, tt was lost by jeas the course of which tie expressed regret thai Jactaoctempted vtoa ol the saa. The stale cabin to a magnlfiCave Johnson has been offered the commimtonershipto adjust the claims under treaty with Paraguay. He has ly made this promise.point, yet he oesireu to t^r, emohaioally. that thn rept. v beast have a cooatttutionst light to be beard There were gentlemen on that aide who wan to dtecum poi.ucaj questiona. that right most tw protected, ao<t they « li enjoy tt If the oeatocrats Kay this shall aot be none without a quorum, then gentiemen must meet from day tospeedaveragednearlytwelveknoa,whiletbatof the tender was only nine ana a half knots an hourThough the experiment tojk pto» under the moot onfavorabie circumstances, tt thoroughly demonstrated thesuperiority of the Aaartoan improvement, aad the error the future. So far as the sport Is concerned tne sam carefally examining it ta every particular. Heto decided years, the academic staff to fix the staol.r* of merit tor present Theoasawtototon expreuty u y s mat ao bnrmiasunder which BocUshman have labored for the last can. tury ta retatom to tba models of naval architecturely opposed to their adjourning until all necessary legtola-tlon Is finished Should they do so he will call them back'n thirty days.T i t VACAXCY I * TBB STPKEKB COCKT.aomnsioo upon approval of tbe Secretary of War. Messrs. DAVIS, LANX, FsmaarDsx, GK, .nc; and otheri debated tbe subjectMr. FXSSBSDSK, (rep ) of Maine, off-red an amendmentshall be transacted natota a quorum be prsasai Be than referred to the fact mat yaateroay'a ertehe coata.ud a speech of sixteen commas never delivered te the Bocae, ahhougb It might bave bean pubiatai by casual Obihe New York Yacht Club have played a mast imp jftan part, and the successes which have aJtendel their efforts. both in building aad tn trials of skill, here and tn England, chould be their encouragement to greater endeavon Inthat the course of Instruction for cadets cows'. Wast PointMilitary Academy shall be that prescribed at the time oftheir entrance; but cadets entering tots year or hereaftershall be divided into two cissies, tne lower class to go Sherman. myag that it w u aot a otamrtntiwal right for through s study of fin years and the higher d a n four u y one to adureas the Houae when a qaorum w«a n ataste for it prevails here as ta Great Britain, though yet confined to the oompareUveiy few who can afford to pay for fts gratification; anl as tor our vessels, there are not finer sailers or sounder boats In the world.What is most required it enterprise—that which aril' honorably identified with tbe researches on •allow the shining examples to which we have referredTBS ALaTJEKAH.Thla little yaoht was buttt in 1831, as sn assistant Tas-sel to the Afftosn expedition then being conductedto tbe amendment that the term of instrudioa snail not jeettoi, w u mads to Mr MoKaan prooaaotog last nigot, exceed four yean, and thto proraton sbali be oarrtod into bemum then w u BOquorum present bat when oas w u effect by the academic class aa soon aa practicable com obtained, no objection was mad* to the gentl-mas s raau patible with existing arrangementa Rejected mtng an i coaciudtog nft »p*ejt>. aad parmt^ua waag vee•irred tn tba House resolution to adjourn on the ISth of June, the President says it will be impossible for them to io ao at that time. He says he will sign no bill withoutMr. JOHN CormuNS ( d a m ) of N Y ., remarked that into w u a mattooattaa of yesteroey'e isuina•havingexpired. Aaeftorttomakingtoprocaroto*sac canorahta tor Oast, Wattse, recently oa a miittary ex ptortag expedition ta Oregon, aad aaid to be an efflcmntABjtY fflGSAi omesaTbe Senate today ooacorrtd te tbe Boom » •Last night's report wu uptotwo a'araarwarea w m spent to haartog the excuses of abseat ncnibaM brought to from urns to nam ay tba Sergeant at arma.Untitled Documentmi«eaappartew* oapastolto arovtasd tor tbe parpsaa. Than sr*manthtaaa*ba»d-eddiffarcMwayeafmakmg themsiraal*,andHaywil;proveoftb»t;isestetissportuglisb, Uen.w o odeclinesbeing scandidate forrenomina-Beset gas here bees sect t v e miles without an?rfTurkeyfortweet--catyean,toBOWtoWashington theBosM.Mr. BUIB. (rep ) of N. H .auvooated the resolution. State and throw toe corsairs overboard. If that be m..The resolution WM then adopted, by yeM 29, nays 27. as follows —Mr Brown's amendment was modified end atopted him w make addttteaa te it. Tba Chair, however, duringamount of said interest shall be allowed ta the settlement of Uatr accounts, M b u been done tn tbe case* of Mary land and Alabama, and it was adopted Taa* 28, nays 17Mr.JOHNSON,(dam) of Art.,movedtorejoonder,toorder tbat the vote may be taken is a full 8enate, so thatthis large amount- tl,600,t>00—may not be taken out o.ihe seneral treasury aad given t.- States wb ch are ableto take care of tbeaaelvea. la a full Sweats tha amead 4i3l,'AOf.7,*677.4t87.a673. 4136, 4188, 366, 4446, 3X01, ment w u rejected by y e n 'Jt, naya 20, and tt w u unfair 2471, 4806, 4*69. 2484, *t»*7. 48*8, 4*41. 2728 6003, that so small a number should now adopt ft 4t»2»ft, H81. 4r.01, lefrO, 48(6 2601. 2S87 3429 PartMr. Bmaoaa, (rep ) of B L, satd the other day there V - S a 1663, 4*to. 4433, 4421, 4632, 3400, 42 0, 30*2,wereaaly Ottyfourvotesout,aadnreceivedto-u*» more ihan half mat number, so that it would have paean wttb tbe Senate M full u tt WM then.MrlvKBsrmrepliedtoMrJohnson'sremarks,defend tog ana Justifying the ctotm toe WM BOI afraid to take4644,1742,HtfU,4720,2185,IBM,23*6,4*to,44*0.482%, 1408, 2160, 20nf.,*0ltj. «©36. 3374. 4*06, 4634, 4«0u, 4*84, 468*. 1424. 3046, 236b. 3*00, 4300, 4 * M ^ , 2Bw«, 3*02, 1076, 4608,4780rea'Jv b a n no time to consider tt if they adjourn on tbe fall of sense to utoersiand the subject It Is a atom TJsnsn SSAIU Danoci Cocm.< questton. Strict justice reqains tea wbatenr tneOSABDr c u , TI—Brittluitaa • vans. Vis TaoA, — - Totd aar ar Bartweli aad 5 -Baausoananaw X beat nrtoy eBatsa,JJMisU ar leaucru braBants toil ChSttCaatmaXriJ toutortoa* o j o b a s u u d tBlatter. B » tat-eakeUady. MrOrow"b a i o i rmasm toss aa* ««'lw», r X hny^r aa* tore* SBaatoto, Bto* ft ateUavawv, Bw»iawannnraasa»Mraa*iw»saiarsB w « m i t e u i J kmm %mt mAt a quarter past four be reported that be bad catte" ' • " • " * > • " • * • ••*• • * m ZTS are aa* Masail the money. (laughter.)The questtoa of order w u ratted that the Roam bad n o power to impose such a penalty, waicn w u overrated.Mr YaixAsntoBAB, (dam.) af Onto, repltod to Mr.Court Calatulstr»TtoU Bay.SrntEBB Cocai—Uaccw.—Part 1—Noa. 4317, AMI,4fila, 14H6. 611. 4201, 4481. 8471, e s S , 4ttt, 4441, 4*43. 4037, 41m,JBB7,4»18, 8061,41 is. 4*48. 23^0, 1*36, www.fultonhistory.com 