 I learn that a very unfortunate accident occurred onone of the Gnlway Use of steam*rst the Prince Albert, on alate trial trip from Liverpool toHolyhe*1, by which one of(he directors, Mr. O'Reilly Dense, was killed. The unfortu-nate gentleman went on deck in;the evening, and, muUk-lng a hatchway for a oabin, fell down to the lower deck, American people I suppose tliat in most cases the wish is through a half-door that you can scarcely press open and lay there fright, uliy crushed; till the next morning, father to the thought. The following aunecdote, in refe with your whole strength, and which Blam* sb'itbohlal when he was conveyed to th* Royal Hotel, nL^stowa,where he.soon after expiredto MaulSteam Line*—American Policy An Regard tothem—The fe&ee Islands— Their Sa-xrtigmty tendered to tagUmd—Dedtne of the Gold field in Audralia— Franclooked down from his sis feet two, upon the little creature they are both on a very grand scale, stand fronting each at his side, and then drawing up to his full height, he other, some two hundred feet apart, an i perfectly isolatedsaid, " Weil, sir, what do you think of me as a degene and apart from any other bulllings. This is really as a rated Americanr" The poor little man colUpsed, whds a theatre should lie. On three slues there are covarei en- trances, where carriages can draw up to spacious doors. After depositing their inmates thev take their stand m the square, where police officers are stationed to see that all are in order The Bolsboy theatre is, parO u r S t . P e t e r s b u r grope or al the further Ind, sack Jerusa'em or turn tin was accompanied, by a gentleman who turned out to be Mrs. Cooden said:—I am a monthly nu:so. aad 00 the MedRerrateuu into a lake, carry the war into Africa Mr. Bonwell, and though she gave her name as '« Mrs. 12th of August was fetched by Mr. Godfrey's assistant to if they cho<*e, we can sit here and snsp our fingers at Harvey," all hur linen was marked " E Yorath." She attend on a lady in the school room of St. Philip's, Step- them, and beat them back with 6nowba'is, against their remained with her some weeks, and was several timea ney ; Mr. Bonwell opened tbe door Aw me; I attended bar rules, their bombs and their prancing stoeds. Backed seen out walking with Mr. BonweU. A short time after a during her labor; Mr. Godfrey was there also, ana Mr. up against the North pole, Russia stands with midwife was fetched to the schoolhousc of St Philip's, Bonwell remained down stairs all the time; the child wanGoing into the China War on her Separate Amount—The roar of laughter greeted the successful sally of our Minis•American Claw, 4e.E v e n t s t h a t a r e n o w t r a a s p t r i i g w i l l , i s a f e w y e a r s ,make a great change In the political aspect of the oli World. Nothing will come of the Spanish war in Morocco, except one or two bard campaigns, a little fighting, const derable expenditure of money, aad then additional bur- dens upon the subject* of her Catholic Majesty. There Is no progress, a> vitality, no energy and no future for the Spanish race or nation. As old Ben franklin says, in bis humorous poem of "Paper," where he describes tbe grocer as "wrapping up wares that better men will use," the Spanish nation of the days of Ferdinand and Isabel* furnished means to a great genius to discover a continent that better races have peopled.ter.and from the shares of Europe, reach their places of dest nation through these channels of communication. Of course. smne Utile exoeptiou must be mad.-for the Bmali amount of business doneky steamers belonging to America, Holland, Denmark, 6pain and France; but John Bull can ;es ofl ihe lion s share. About every ouuee of California gold that reaches Paris goes through the BankMr. Coleridge, in reply, did not positively opposo the socio few coons, old and young, before I left the United set the Neva was flowing onto the Gulf, free, bright and application, which il was entirely within the discretion ofbamis of the Rhine, the Khouc, aau the Vistula, from themountains of Switzerland, mo plains of Russia, and thewindings of the Bosphorus, make their way dispel tnrougaHamburg. Rotterdam, intend and Calais, toLoudon, Liverpool and Southampton, on their wayto Awei iu. And yet France id traversed m all directions the military he meets wherever he goes in St. Petersburg, by a network of niagnilicenl railways, and that empirehi" at least one half of tlie commercial available Allanuc seaboard of Western Europe. And where are her lines of steamers from Havre, from e^auies,and from Bo.-doaux, to New Yoik, Newfoundland, the West iueiies and Rio Janeiro" But this tteftct, I nave good reasou to behove, will soon l>e remedied. In sotoe things it takes along time for \ ery lutelhgeiil men lei find out thai i*o and two make lour, and thai an locoui'wf See th>»tuaud i<ouuds is twice as large as one of iweutyulvn huudred.and especially ou the Nevskoi of a bright day; they literal ly swarm there of all colors and shades and castes and grades, old and young, tall and short, gay and serene, on loot, in carriages, in droskys; and such a variety of unifoims, caps, helmets', swords and buttons, one would iuppoee that all natioual kindreds and tongues had con gregated for ageneral muster armed to the teeth, booteda six months' imprisonment.Having viewed the Neva, chained so suddenly in thesixteen n .io n dollars of custom duties, and it has laidtb« foundai,on of a steam trails that has been mainlyInstrumental ui increasing the annual exports of BritishI>i oducis from $vao,0o0.000 (it.liter Sng money £4.7 .3*4,938) make much progress in viewing the city, and as ihj day in jh-i2. to SoltVeO.'v (£*Q!JeA,iii7) in JS57. That is line and bright we will walk along up t v Ma'aSteam Ueet earr t-s nearly a I the LlUis of Europe aud Miiikay towards the cathedral ot St. lzak. What America, an., gcu a high pi x } lot Vie carriage; aud that a splendid ouilding it is, viewed under a clear system oi ocean mill conveyance" brings Dick to the sky ; what beautilul columns, what a noble portico. We treasury, as w pontiveiy kjown, over one half (or at will walk up those polished marble steps, careruily car- least i&oo.uiJU;, if not thiei-toartna of the entire s-in peted, and enter by the southern porch. Look up andbale) Brother Jonathan "and the French Km- praying to you lor a few kopeks, like the pige-ons perched peior »ou I Lot sit quietly! by and see such a vast upon the rich cornices anu upon tho entablatures. sy-ur-.iof mail conveyance, witb its tens of millions of com- They have come here to spend the winter under thelather had bean a clergyman, and had died in 185'J, leav- ing a widow and a large family. She had lost one or more ot tk%rson*, was very tnhim, and was to straightenedniei '.al a 1 auutge*, so adroitly pocketed and carried oil' I,) the shrewd, vigilant, and active government of Ureal Br.'.aiu | a;n n*sure<l that suoii will not long be tat} case. At this m< luent the whole world pays tnoute to Great B lam. aud tho '• o.d woman! of threadneedJe street"—shelter ol the porch; cast them a few kopeks, as the pious Rue*tan rrerchanl does grains of barley to the starving slave, and passes along.l cannot describe this monstrous jewel by its height or leDgth or breaiiib or depth, it is large enough, however,thing of the kind ln the world. Rjssia is very noli in friend ct Mr. Rr.ftnson, and u . u - »t:i party in his house wa.\ "Of course he is;" Miss Yorath left Margate itmneli- by niv learne-1 predecessor, I T Lush'ngton, in the case nrnerals, ores, marbles and precious stones, if these be that Mr. Bonwell and M13.- Yorath lirst met It was re- ately alter. of the inquiry respecting the Rev. Mr. Munkton, and I will ra:r samples of her productions. It would be q.iiie irn marked that at this tirsl racetiig Mr Bonwell seemed In cross examination Mr3. Robinson said that M*. Bon- read Irom L:s deeesion on that cate the following pas- possible, in the space of a sheet of paper, to entT intj very Bauch struck with Miss Yoralh, and paid her markeHi well had distinctly staled biruseu to be a widower at her sages,Bi.ostituting Mr. BonweU'.-. name for Mr. Monkton's: anything like a minute description of this splendid and atleutivn. A very close intimacy grew up between Vhem; dn ;er table; he Said hm wife bad been deal a twelve- •'VVlih nspect to the tmiuiry iteeif it is unquestionably in useful establishment, and I shall therefore only notice it they walked about the pier and the beach together, and month: at the time of the scoud visit^Miss Yorath's con- the nat;.re of a prelim.uary .o\ estimation to cunsiieri oinc-M .al euterpilse. Bui may we not point to Babylon,T j-e Sidon, l^aBuaacus, Ai-'aau^lria, Carthage and Rome,in at c.cLl limes; and Byr-iutiupi and Venice at a laterper.od, and more rect.il>:, ^pam and flollaad,ai : ti our day to O-'^t Britain^ Russia a:r.llb- IL.IOI SiaUs. The I'uited States are an agriculturalai J \ loduc.ng nation, and a very largo commerce is uot;0 n, ch a u.»tter ot necesiiiy %s In countries like Franceir 1'ig'and, '*uh a dense population, limite>l produotions,lu.v' levies and standing aijuias, and very expensivefoten.uieLts. At the preseui lime, the asinury arm* live or six feet through. Why, I used to thnilr. that adets supported at the pubbc etp. u-e are sons of i>er- necessary, they 01"course, considering the position he clergyman and his age was a suilicn nt guarantee for h.s think 11 is clear thise *erds i.<> 1ot imply merely the re- sons employed in the government mines; toe other held and tlie at< s nf the two, did uot venture to interfere honor aide intentions, quoting at the same time some phrase te|C<>n of such • vidence as vvou'J justify a graau jury in pupils, who 1 ay 2S0 rubles (about i.vo hundred''dollars), many way. At the tx-^iuciog or December Mass Yorath 1ruin scripture; hejiold me he was incumbent of Si. Phi ndiig a true bill, lor thi« obvious and plain ca*u: lhati:u i.ua. me evil expenditures, and the immense sums in-\ i .-malachite pm.or a ring was a jewel, but here we see itfencing, music, Ax. After thev have Uutshed the several branches of study required, they are sent to superintend the government, mines or placed in the mint. They bold a military rai.k and wear a uniform.''Among the beautiful rich and r.ire specimens in tho Muse- um will be found one oi gi.ld, taken from Alexandrofsky in the Ural mountains, over two goods Russian, or ab>it eighty pounds English; there is another largo nugget,odjnngB which he had taken for her, aud, iu fact, use ii to sit up very late, although I remoa-trated with the matter, and, il' we »re sat..-u.:-d from the' je\i i;i.oe that must bt; Baid, he was afraid to have been tht tu several limes, and on one occasion said I would not tutre- wouli be a reasoLah.e prubub.Iity of a v<-r.l:t t bviog livicg there, in ll.e cant sense of the word, under alio* it: Li'ii-i •,: lo converse uboul h.s first wile; her obta.ued agait-si Mr. Bonwell with justice and with a(,due Mr. Bonvtells "protection.'' While in London she name he told me, was AlbcrtiDa; sho had d.ed, he said, tegaru 10 1.uih il further p;o<.eediLgij were institute 1 be- wrote to Miss Ames, telling uer that she had not returned frcm the edicts of a imgenrg illness, the details of which fore acothi 1 Uibiinaljtoifport to the: Bishop to that e.led." direct home a.- expected; describing how sho had gone be ii' scribed, they are uot exactly fit to bj reproduced br- The Ceminissioiiers. keeping tfcir object iu vie w. have e m- about to the theatres and ditierent places 01 am us inent iore ihe court; about the end of May a rumor reached me .-iut u d very care.'ully the depositors takim befor. tii-m, with Mr. Boo"': II, whom she called 'm y daM.ug;" what lhat Mr lSoiiv.nl was a married man, and I wrote to Urn at and tiny htuby cecJare their opinion that, m respect toA- th S riil.m an "l beautiful group of islands li-s very -What the buil ling has coat 1 have not heard slat-1with any degree ot reliability ;ji is estimated all ihe wayfrom fitly to oue hunt.:red miliiois oi' rubies. It is anoble btruuure, stands in a commanding position, an 1ona-bng.'. uay its brilliant golden cupola w.il tea the There are a!so_/ae finite representations in miniature of but told her who w •$ tr>e ,a'ie 1 . :uid that L.> :>;.'".> »v..l 01 0 • uiariie.l by his Iri.-ud iue Bishop of Oxford, anl that tiier p.-.veeuii.j.p. Thui "n res,.ect to the R. v. J.ii Strang, r as ho stt jrs ou eli<>.> at Croustadt, twenty mileBLia, ,y i a tie direc. route from Pa.jama to Australia,l!"ur. Mr. Bonwel and I generally smoked a pipe aud tookranged iu cases, j"u may walk through beautiful halls Ames at once saw tb;U she was with child Mie c'lim•: bith Yorath <t the time of and s ibsequent to irthe r J..«-.-.- >u will be ol K<iUt commercial im-Mi >• r- haj f.-uialv U en c<*inuieaaed and approved..Vw, .ait, rot lea--t m importance, is the news of tLe >.».•: of g ,1 in Austral!* The sum procured is an- i. -iin and re6 ilarly Jo re;.-, ug. and,h*s been -luce lSja. Hit \,<.-t authorities in toe 'Octoru colony, and those in- t.'i .-i-1 u keeping up exjieclaltiou un the itibject, admit that il.- amount of UIJ prccibui a.etal is unquestionably l,:i.i..: a-.1 that it wll in a|ccmpara'.ivi'ly brief [H»nol i.w.:.liet» moderate limits. 'l'hisoonsuet lecreise hasa gla-s of whiskey aul vvater together before I went to 1and galleries* fliied w:ih models, implements, U>>li aul mealed Willi Mrs. Robinson •* Lo lax-xl Miss Ynr.it 1 witii beu; iLe marriage "as fixed for June or J ily, wheU Mr. birth, and in H laue^n to the buria of ttesai 1 rhi! igets them. With of the Sandwich islm 1.- ,. or e ucl> ^uii wil, -y u a'Jt haVe a plaeo where a w i i e'i.i> i au slop, or a jiig or a cocoa nut be pur- (iv-fl wulioiii icjutit'-rui>;.u Erigj'.tohcustom h'use,or a i-, u l if 1r-:,ch soldiers I am told here m Loudon Ilia- 'n Ma • -i\ s govtrnni-lit w.il undoubtedly accept •ri jtiiy of the u-Uudj, The^course of the t'>usul II ii u: «c heie and laying the propueiLon be-fore ihemachinery adapted to the ditierent mining regions. it, und the unlortuua'e ;••> ,nir lady did not ,I<TV HR. tact, are also sutllei. ,i j.nma /Ueva gio inds for iLii.u i" Sail1 ol li! I'' M the ua iont^i.3. m attersBpuwell came down in May ; he used 10 say that he wauldlb,- fr teniv.rtually" thera niauy mines of gold, iron, copper and silver, showing tur condition. 11. e ui.-'-quein1''o; what pass 1at liiat in- il' ihe Councilor of Llandail' would come aud aa?:.,i the we!. 'hi\ UIHhad adulterous u.trreoarsr A itj-aa the og 'ur-tee:, -o gnit fjr three years, that if eo.maued it will tiiiils its peer m Ru«tia—m richnefs and costliness of tholo ,rg ll.e pr .duct down to nothing In less thau twenty >eaiS. Atid all this lias takei»p.ace duriug a COUjiUtil lu- i r> MI t. ... pe.pulalion and iSe uuatber of minors, aul a u > i jicrea.-c of capital anu mivch.aery for i .arti cru»h- ILJ 'l'lt-- tUle i«r tnnifeS give-S rem-^fed importance to thJ alu tat .ui--muni supply ot gold la Catu*ornia and Oregon.Li vi. w of loe prospect of a great steam line trial shall cotiaeet louden, New York, Cahiornia, Australia, British Co. imb i, Japiiu and China, and iu which the merchants, capitalist*, an.l flags of both Uio L'uiKsd Sutes aul (ireat Brtta'D will undoubtedly be joined, I hope the I'mtod States Congress will detoy thu granuog of any uew sub- sidies lor transatlantic steam limis. Tbe interests of that country and this may just as well be considered as idt LtiCal, and not antagonisticinterior perhaps never, either n or out o! Russia.Leaving the church oy thi -.tuUiern pjrch and crossing the great square in from , au.l thou the Grand M uskey, we approacha.be eiputsirlan .-datue of Nicholas 1., recently elected. It is an elaborate and costly moaument,stones are brought to s;o the light of day.My faithful guide, with two candles iu hand, after proceediDn along several passages, and unlocking two ponderous and creaking doors, releas- ing many a bolt and chain, led us into the regions of Pluto. Furnished with lighted candles, we commenced the explo-Chancellor of the Diocese of LiandaU, who had been a very tntiniate friend ot the father, aud ta conversing, as he often did, about his approaching marriage, Mr. Bou well was at thst kiud enough to say that as he had touud the Chancellor such a "nice, pleasaul man, he should like him to marry them. Afterwards, however, he tiew at higher game, aud nobodv less would serve hH turu than the most frequented performer ot th» marriage rite—my Lord oi oaiord—and-tne Chancellor waa (o have tbe humbler position of assistant merely. The energeticuoc. »e.ug ine neee^u,for ^ j ,ceaj,.of reunion, or- are rather slid'; but it is a splendid work of a r t The four gL Aw:Mtou eobID \ ,ew were twofold-caarfoto and social It ha I long ^V^tir^^r''0 1 Amerteaithatag!re«whole square. This is the Academy or Arts: it has a front between thtm. Mr. Lewis Yoralh general y gavejup his it at all strange to tiud them sitting together in that way, It wa^ thought, and not without reason, that the events* w ±,~ ?^£t? T * - "» J«cw they had corners of the pedestal are mounted by emblematicalupon the Neva or about four hundred feet and au eleva- bedroom to Mr. Bonwell while he was thero! it was on tion of seventy Ave feet. Fronting on tbe quay, which the ground floor, next to the drawing room. Miss Yorathseeing that they were g"tng to be married; I used to go into the room without Knocking, and they never sirredlor me.Mrs. Yorath was called, and stated that her daughteraccompli*l-cd m Italy would Serve as a salutary lesson. Ihesc events showed that a Power which only reposes on bayonets is but an ephemera] power. Lombardy was al- ii ady losi to Austria previously to the occupation of that 1rovince by 1ranee. It was therefore to bo expectedgiven In the organizauoo w the > J u r i u n ^ ^ ^ w « power, stability and strength, and presided over cities and was, Iwwever, early dtsepverel that pa*UeulaV*««.i fortresses. The panels are filled with bronze reliefs, com-should be taken to pro viieior the aociai meetinn .rf«^ memorative of various periods during his reign, among memUrs, and before the cose of the yar I8i8 the Uao. which I noticed particularly the emeute of 1815, upon hiselation rented and handsomely furaiahed a One sua of accession, and the scene in the Hay market in 13dl. Taken irxms at 14 Coctspur street, Charing Cross, whorw ta., altogether, it is a rich artistic and elaborate monument,hnisbod his visit in May, he left saying that be shouldMr. Bonwell in London since the match was broken off, ties by, giving them b*jk the rights of which they hare and reproached him with his conduct; his answer was, been deprived by a system of exaggerated centralization. "1 etuld uot help it if I was to be hauged for iUhe next This i xpectation has not entirely been deceive! Th» im- minute." perial taanihsto of July 15 announced to the p?->ple ef theIn answer to Dr. Twiss, Mrs. Yorath said that iu June Austrian empire that the Enperor, at the cos1 of great labt she came up to town and found her daughter at Mrs. sacr.flees, had concluded pe-ace in order to give iu future Glennie's, at Islington; she went thereby the name of all his rare lo internal reforms. A monih atlerwar Is the Mrs. Harvey. rtagt auon id the Cabinet anl the choije of new miniiOersMiss Evans said—I am in the habit of visiting at New eeeiii.-d toghe a new pledge to me partisans of rvjaoorulStates; but you can sec more coon skins, old and young, on the Nevskoi, of a frosty afternoon in November, thanugintenupted, not a particle of ice floating or formingon Itsshore; yesterday It was covered with unving U,;ldtthe Commissioners to accord or refuse; but urged that 1ot a single byllable of tne evidence he was about to bring lor ward was unfit for publication, aud that there could betry,a3faraa my expen'-uc* goes, do mem outrank tho Rutiian Greek in ail the outward form**of their religion Gcterati.'ue,perhaps ages,will elapse before the IzaKwealth wrested from the dark cavorns of the earth, weought now to look upon the other side of the picture, inordertorealizewithwhattoll,labor,hardshipandsuffer-ing all these beautiful gems, gold, silver and precious others he was introduced to the Rev. Mr. Wi-iuims, theabaeuceof aparticulardescrip-NEW YORK HERALD, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1860.writer as the late Walter Co:ion, then toe critic* aud the friends of good literature have a right to say "hold."LOSDOX, Dec. », ISM. The War in Morocco—France ,Watering into CompetitionMr. Sorrell—Might it net have been all crinoline* With KnuUmd in the Carrying Trade— BagiiK Suboidie* long time, but at last getting tired of tho conversation, he Great and the Circus. Standing as it were hi a van plain, rooBjs, coon skins smi caravan tea Let them war in Eu- Mrs. Glennie, in the Bait's pond road, Islington. She Mr. Betlby—Ob. no; I'm too good a Judge tor that.the Fourth of July In London hivs be-'u hold hy th% As •oeution To tfu*e CSUM> vesoncrs tross all tin lealiog I-oneou jcureals, and tinae Fourth of July demonstraas tbe Germans and Russians are, no oppornnity U 1 wt. Tbe moment they enter a restaurant, or cafe, or b«er hall smoking commences and continues as long as fioytiers ^»ere ready the eveuu of the season. The speeches rcmain. Now, in these close, hot rooms—with dull' expensive to the merchants. Added to all the other In- letter, and a few days after a second anonymous letter,st both attracted comment. windows, anu treble doors, and not very high c-iim.rs. It is a singular thing to observe how prevalent the idea without a particle of ventilation, except whM little frosh is beconmg in Ixmdou of the iiiceasing degeneracy of the air steals iu> way into there smoke houses as yo 1 eat-rcoi.veiiieDces, tvr, are two drawbridges to go through containing charges of a much more serio is descriptionbt fore the vessels can reach the Custom House, and these agaiDSt Mr. Ben well. These letters the Bishop p'aced in Mrs. Harvey or her mother; there were none, ana onbrought the subject of the degeneracy of the American frosty and pure, and after a few hearty respirations we pate the fellers with which b* has bound us. In connected with the whole transaction. It appearedpeople upon the tapis. Mr. Buchanan listened with great hope to clear our lungs. the meantime, we will have our sleigh rides ant that in the month of July a lady very far advancedpatience to the vaporings of the small gentleman for a There are*two theatres In this part of the city- the ice hills, our operas and ruasiuerades, our furs, warm in the family way, took lolgiogs at the house ofC o r r e s p o n d e n c e .lived to be a thousand years old even in Old Vir- <f ice, and to day it is closed. Tho ice that closes the no reason, so far as the interests of public morality wereif ono I never could imagine before where all the old river is (ormed in Like Ladoga, and comes Uoating downconcerned, for iimking the inquiry private.Or. Twiss seed that as these proceedings had be n insti-tuted by the Bishop— as was recited in the commission- on tbe ground lhat a public scandal had been raised iu reference to the conduct of Mr. Bonwell, tin Commis hioners were unanimously of opinion that the inquiry should be public.THE CHARGES.Mr. Coleridge then opened the case. Tbo Rev. Mr.Bonwell was charged with the grossest breaehej or the moral and ecclesiastical law, and though it might be a very painful duty which was cast on the Bishop to appear as a prosecutor, as a religious and conscieutions man he had no other course open to him than toginny. ,of fcngland 1 Jiters as weH aa pussengeis, from the coons, emigrated to in the progress of Western settlement; until arrfsted either by the in;reaiing cold or the quiri-but LOW toe question is solved—they have settled in Rus- sia, via IJehring's Straits.tity and solidity of the blocks or gorges before reaching the gulf.The closing of the Neva is an event iu St. Petersburg But the great leature above all others to a stranger is and a warning to all outward bound vetseis at CroostadJ to steam up, hoist sail, and be oli instantly, or elsj enjoyand spurred, ready and spoiling for a fight; yet how blanuiy they sm ile, how lazily they saunter along, how coaxingly they read to the ladies, and how perfectly out of employment they seem to be. W hy, the fact is there are officers enough in St. Petersburg (apparently) totugs and lighters, bound firmly in the ice, and stand iufront of "Corps des Mince." This institution was foundedby Peter the Great, in ordor to educate and train on those who deserved it. Mr. Bonwell was tbe incum-exactly as engaged lovers would ; she left Margate about the Ix'giiiuing oi December, to return home through Lon- don, though from the letter she wrote to me I am aware she did not go direct home; she came again to visit me alumt the beg,nidi g of tbe following May, I saw at once,The screen or lkonostatt which occupies tho southern side is supported by malachite columns tlfty feel in height, while the pillars to the central doorway are of lapis lazuli. The entire width up the southern transept is occupied by this screen, which u in its mmuteal details a perfect gem of art. Only thick of it, malachite columns ufty' feet high andmust be either children 01 noblemen, clergymen, or Mi Margate, as her in-ud3 thought, to return direct to lip's, Stepney, bod been a fellow ot Brasenoee, and was a if ihii had been the miention of the 1, gisUture, thev ntver mcrrhauts ef the tirsl guild. Tney muat remain eight Xawport Instead of returning strtght borne, however, wilt wer; alter thai he cam? down about once a mouth, would in the preceding part (•: the statute have in ectt-1 years in the corps; their education is extensive aud liberal, Miss Yorath remained for a lortnignt in London. She until May; Igave up my bedroom to him, which is on the evidence to be beard on.both slues. Therefore. I concHveembracing the accomplishm-nts 01 a e,<ut!eman—dancing, theie met Mr. Bobwell, went about with him, lived 111 groi.iid floor, next the drawing room; my sister and he our dutv to be, under this p-eliminary iaves.iga:,e»i;, to;*iftand in thetion of it, we are left somewhat to one own ration of the counterfeit mines, absolutely under ground, conjecuyes ih order to arrive at the interpretation formed and fashioned to tho life, with shaft and a adit,cold embrace Of dread winter, jostled, pressed aul ejected,SJ> it were, by the pre^sing.crowdjupon the northern shore.we will pursue our way along the granite quay to theWest. We have passed a licet of steamers, small vessel-. this matter beyond that which the Queen bad in casesSome small beer politicians in the British Parliamentare very fond of parading the f*«t that her Majesty'sTreasury snt.ers to the tune of £1,100,1.00 a:inualty forSubsidized lavs of mail steamers. And wb\t reward doesthe nation reap lor ah thisr ll gives a preponderance to command a million of soldiers.British Cuinui reo the world oucr, it bringj nearly one- Padi, vadi. pad*, shout the drivers of those splendidhail ot the ocean going conio.K.' and the carrying trade turnouts, as they dash at full speed over the hard smooth odince is of much later date than the original. Euivrmg lor his 11st. In the year 1868 there was living at New- oi as the father; r said he must be a villain, and I hoped into Britih bottoms, u products over one hundred and street; the throng is great and you expect every momentto witness-a scene, but the expert coachmen are eo,ual to their tasks.Cross examined.—I never heard him distinctly say he was a widower, nor that he was an accepted lover of Miss Yorath, but it was always generally understood that hea corps of mining engineers, who, under a properlybent of St Philip's, Slepuey, and had been a Fellow ofarch and pit, air shaH. and drift, windlass and bucketabounds. The peieenai ou which the statue stands is Here the cadets are instructed by an exact representation character of Mr €tonwells attentions was remarked by was put in and read.ot tne \arious groupings, figures and panels with wtnen iloval in form, resting upon a sptenUid plmiu of highly ot va'ious mines, how the various ores are found imitu. most people at Newport, and occasionally they appearedijarrih Tones said—Iu .launary of lart yqar I was in theservice ot Mr. Yorath, at Ne»i>ort; Mr. Bonwell came ou long time, was never entirely quenched. Tho sudden a visit in that mouth, and several times after; it was a! tonclu.- ou of the peace of Villafranca, although destroy- N.\a> s piven out that lie was going to marry Miss Yoralh ; ing ie.,»!.y illusions in the plains of the Theiss, has LOW-poliehed marble. Mie statue i.: golden, both horse and But it is rather dark, damp and cold below here, aul to have been so lavish as to be disagreeable to rider, and when viewed ln a bright sunlight, appears as if we will, after havmg visited Siberia within th* those who witnessed them. Ou one occasion a hewn from a solid block of thti lineatt ore. The ligures are gates of »t Petersburg—much more agreeable lady in the town—a IBs. Evans—remarked to herculean, sinking and grand. The Emperor, as was his than to have journeyed some two or three thousand versts Miss Yorath that she was looking unusually palolu contectiun with affairs at the East, I learn thit N"a- wont, has his helmet v ry much dra*u over bis front, as overland—adjuurn to the lighter, warmer and ploasanter and ill. and her answer was that it was no wonder, sincein Ilutgary, who infer for tueir country a modestarened a reading room provided with American aud Bri and, standing as it does, surrounded by splendid build may Heaven grant that thousands of vears honce some Yorath lmmeelately wrote up to ask him whether it were %h papers This step led to a great increase of me mhers, b«s, Is realty one of tbe lions of this vast city. fishermen from the north pole may not catch a sphinx in true, and requested him to send down a copy of the cer- tan the body cow numbers about One hundred and uiiir Uavint the square atthe southeast corner,after passing his net instead or a sturgeon. What a commentary on tificate of his tiist wife's burial. To this Mr. Bonwell'swell esngucled dub, where Americans iu Lon Ion now d e t e o t i t o l e s ^ ^ E * 1 ^ . » cobbler or smash; these meet raf^rly, and the rooms are tbe dally resort of both we are tockinTftL. i S . g feached this latitade. ^fo,that we have walked nearly a mile, and most of th's space Is occupied by these great public institutions. Hav- ing passed miners, sailors, soldiers and scholars being educated by tbe acre, we hive at last reach d tbe balls of commerc •. Tbe Merchants'Exchange is upon the extreme point oftbe island, looking up the river and u thehigh tone, complaining of the insult offered him in betug called a bar—which, perhaps some people might not think an Improper term to be applied to a man who courtelayoungladyunderthoguise ofawidower,be- ing all tho time a married man—and concluded in these words:—Yonareperfectly atlibertytogotothebishop,butsay good night to you, Mr. Bonwell, for I have m -• little however, sufllcietit to prepare the way in wtoc.i tUe go- oues at home to look after." His reply was, "Th -y are vernment intended to proceed.residents « d Visiters.Within afcw weeks great efforts have been male to astabUshacsti Ubrary of American boAs, mainly law andhistorttl.end itistobehoped thatthe federal nnd state covereMaja. at homo will contribute liberally to this object, ftaissociatioa is a maritortoos in*u;itloo, aad commends flfcalf to every Amerienn patriotIkechariuNalatureIsmostcomnMdahto. Itw*tid ^n-t.h m .,,y ABSticans at home to be told ina. there atleasthanonebundredofourcountrymenauna- IAI»,„ charitymonewayorotherinLondon;and ' itrrsittar has already within the present Marly*a»,orWJJOO^toaidta*di*- rUr fnfti & held sacred to that ? trp >*>,the expenses uf iuv.-ii^t rsat, Secrsury, furaiwre.00 t h e HERiLD anxher institution not toThT^L *Ta l a »sacred trusts. Mrs. Newman, and I should be very gl»d toseemyUtileboyto-night,"and,turningtoM.ssYorath, wlo waa sitting next ta bim, he said, in a confidential whisper,'-Lizzie, m y little boy is dear to m •; bit your little boy will be ten times dearer to mo." All she said was, "Don't talk nonsense."Mrs. Glenuis said—I am a lodging bouse keep.-r in Ball's- pond road, Islington; in June last I let my rooms to a lady, whogavebername asMrs.Harvey;shogaveasarefe-They could not impute to us the intontion of sysomati-cally maligning tbe reform projects of the present minis-try. From the btgmn.iig we applauded the- g..uer<»uapromisesofEmperorFrancisJiwepb,andwehavegreetedwith sympathy the programme published by the GasHtede rim»<« Our regret is now tne greater that we areforced to a:knowlcdge that not only the re*haetion of thepromised reforms seems yet tar distant, but mat in Hun-the general fund.n th* As*eTwaa Aisocte- nnd It deserves the aid ot•aoch sa mat rendered abroad. celebrations ofA morsparssoldmtUstreetsorLSSfh a r e'n o r a M mfP*" y v 0own a newspaper is to sub.^STrl"/?- ^c0Dljr w* only way to see the anwnunr n a n i ' °hsoq » 'n"y.where you may find halfTdoseu rJl5l? Russian. We have called for our eurS^'U e f mu wi * *a a t mlooking over tbe telegraphic reports » .tbe heading, "Insurrection at liarper>a ¥ * aewsbadbeentelegraphedfromtontonH7."ly stated that a tormldable oothreak haltiJ-J railroad track torn up, and tolmRnpb w?rlrrtfa- and that several bnadred persons?btoi »n4 -2?1' wereconcernedinit. ImustconfessthatIdunetfati much a arm at the for I took it in £ *hoax or an Irish strike, rather than a real attempt at tu surroction. However, we have bad our coSae, read the news and breathed a sufficient quantity of tobaooo thereiore let us seek tbe open sir.CjlS > * >, ,tae * ^ 'tr,jnijW caeast; thebaring a lolty portico, supported by noble pillars, and a splendid flight of steps leading from the landing in front There s a large open plana before reaching the river, th) shores of whict< are bound m solid granite, having* oi cu lar roadway by which to reach the water. Two columns,, t f u o l cbtaor-' TamThen there areshe gsjrc her frieid to understand ihut during ihis fort- night alie bad been staying at the Clergy Orphan;' College, St. John 8 wood, where one of lar sisters hi I h en edu-1i.ar be !_• ! a eert..'n uuma-r:"'! i niaie of th"- l.ame of E! za-gictsnCs, &c .covercertainly forty acres of ground,and, sbuated as they are quite on the far aorih western skirts of ihe city , and off up the main river, and where shipuawi gntinn niuit certainly be most inconvenient, areoffence bad gone beyond this, dismissed Mr BonwtH with a severe reprimand, which he hoped would bring him to a better sense of ha duty. But tne very day or the day after this reprimand bis lordship received an anonymouswell, and I mentioned it to Hw tody, bntaba laughed, anl said, "Ob, no: its Mr. Wtstmentb. a friend of mine; bat he has been token for Mr. Bonwell before."Mr. Beiiby waa recalled, aad stated that he baa been sent on one occasion by Mr. Bonwell to tbe bouse ef tho last witness, to ask whether there were any letters forare only fi* u(d at night. The loss of time, trouble, de- tbe hands of the police, and the consequence was that au going to Mr. Bonwell's house ta taw him so, he found two lav and expeLte to U.e merchants must be very s*rlous. inquest was held before the" Coroner for Middlesex, iu th? ladies there—one of them an old lady, seemingly nearly Commerce (exterior) has ceased. The cold blists from course of which It was prnved that a child had been born blind, whom he had since learned waa Mrs. Y orath, and the Arctic cifcle will Imprisou us until tho return of th;- at the Hchoolhouse of St Philip's. Stepney, which had tbe younger one was introduced to.him by Mr. BonweU an ben from bis Southern tour, when he will again drive been buried under very suspicious circumstances, his cousin, "Mrs. Harvey;" aba m a very prepoBs—ng. man accoftcd his Excellency at a party he attendcl and We are oet of that.^tbank fortune. The air is back the Ice King to bin dreary polar regions, aaJ dissi- and that Mr. Bonwell had been very closely attired in tbe fashionable style, plenty or crluorin*, and so on, bat, as the father of a large family, be hal no dif- ficulty in seeing that aba was tar gone in the family way.letice to thix matter, will amuse your readers— While Mr. you like a spring trap door, catching tho fo'Js of your Buchanan was here as Minuter, a small English gentle cloak or coat tall—one may absolutely eat smok<>her front to Europe, neither menacing nor to be where the found a laly in labor. Dr. Godfrey was In at-a boy; I remained there about twelvs days, and then we w e n t t o a b o t e ! — t h e l a d y a a d I a n d t h e b a b y — w h e r e we remained till tbe baby died; Mr. Bonwell paid say charge.Cross examined —The mother told me that she bad only carried the child eigbt months, and that she bad not ex- pected to be confined so soon; the bad a very bad time of it; tbe child certainly came before Its time.Emma Mitchell, waitress at the Sussex Hotel, South- wark, stated that in August last Mr. Bonwell engaged sleeping rooms there for a laly, with her baby and nurse; they remained ah mt twelve days, and the child died, there; by Mr. Bonwell's directions, Mr. ayres, tbe under-m e n a c e d . S h e D a s 1.0 g r e a t a b u n d a n c e o f m o n e y j - i s t t e n d a n c e , a n d M r . B o n w e l l w a g d o w n s t a i r s t h e w h o l e St. PvrKiwniito, Nov. 2, 1S59. will rank with the great opera bouses of Paris, Berlin, now, but her great resources, like those of the United time. A man child was born, and alter remaining thereewcHlence, the Italian Ojera House of St Petersburg, aud f*« Netekai m a Frottg November Afternoon— Old Coon* and Vienna and London. There is nothing very attractive toStates, He in ber soil and productions. Onc9 a year this twelve days the mother, chili and nurse were taken by great bank diseouuts freely, and the toil of the husband- Mr. Bonwell to a hotel on the other side of London bridge.the bills for the evening, but we shall, upon some favor-Young Ooont—Military **** oft** St. Petenburg Pop*- able occasion, speak ot the interior of the Bolshoy, and or man is repaid in rich and abundant harvests. Agricul- Here the child died, and by Mr. Bon well's dlrectiins itlatim-The Cathedral of St. Itah-EquethrianNickela* I.—The Theatret^Oafis, <tc.This has been a splendid day; the thermometer at-sun-rise indicated Ave degrees below frost of Reaumur, about twodegreesorFahrenheit;thesirwassharpbutstilland dry, the streets in beautiful order, and the heavens with-ture is the great safeguard to the independence of a na- was carried away and buried by Mr. Ayres, an under- tion, and I would not give one acre of good ground pro- taker. Mr. Bonwell never registered the birth, but heStatue tftbe tiers of beauty, of fashion and of rank within.St. PKTBBSBCRU, Nov. I, 1859Closing <f the Neva—The Corp* det Mine*—Geological Warden of its Museum— Artificial Mines—The Naval Schooland Academy of Artt—Sphinsset Out of Place—out a cloud.face of the smaller canals frozen over; this, with tbesharp clattering of the horses' feet over thefrosen streets, ready indicates tbe near approachof winter. Let it come—anything but mud and bridge, the only one now which spans the Neva. Last under the Church Discipline act, to inquire into tbeFor the first time since here I found the sur-Coroner, when examining Mr. Bonwell at the inquest, had not asked bim whether he was the father; but, at any rate, he would now have an opportunity of going Into the witness box and denying the fact, if deny it he could. He would be shown to have been In communication with Misstbe hotel bill.Mrs. Jones, the bead ©r the Clergy Orphan School,called toprove that Hiss Yoralh bad not slept at the col- lege during ber stay in London in December, 18*4, as ahn bad represented in ber letter to Miss AmesMr. A yres, an undertaker in tne borough, said that in August last he had been employed by Mr. BonweU to bury a male infant, which he fetched away from thejrius sex Hotel; he took it away fiom tlie hotel in a shell, and buried it the next day in another coffin; tbe charge to Mr Bonwell was 18s ; the regular registrar's certificate waa handed iu.Cross examined The mother of tbe child was present when It was put in tbe shell—at least, some womtn wh.o caressed it. Air. Bonwell waa there too; but be wa* never told that the child would be removed from the shell aud placed in another coffin. Nobody had any idea mat he was going to take it out of the shell and put it with another body. Tbe only directions given by Mr. BonweU were, that, as there would be no followers, he might bury the child at his own convenience.Dr. Godfrey said—I was called in by Mr. Bou well to attend a woman in the school-room ot St. Philip's, ixp- ney. She was delivered of a male child.Cioss examined—Mr. BonweU, when J came in, toll me that the lady was in great para, and I at once pro- nounced it a case of labor. I ordered her to lie rem ived, and refused to attend her in thai room, but violent symp- toms came on, and I was obliged to acquiesce in her re- maining. The case was a very bad oue. There m s vio- lent hemorrhage and other dangerous *ymptomv f s -ut my assistant to toe- medical men to come, to assist m- Ut the labor, fer I was ^;raid she might die under my Lauds.JThe child, to the b. st of my belief, wa born prematurely.Mr Bonwtll tola me that tho laiy did not expect to be confined so soon.Mr. Buller—D.d Mr. Bonwell tell you who was the father of the child 'rDr. Godfrey— W hatever pasae^ between us was coafided to me in my professional capacity, ai.d I am not bo in 1 to divulge.Mr. Buller—I ant not aware that med!:»I men hive any privilege of that sort.Dr. Godfrey—Ivookitg to the law of God anl the moral law, I don't think I am justified iu revealing wo at was confided to me.Dr. Twiss—Are we tounderstand that ynu promised Mr. Bonwell to keep secret what be told yourDr. Godfrey— Certainly I did.Mr. Buller—That is quite enough for my purpose.Dr. Twiss—How long have you known Mr Bonwell f Dr. Godfrey—I have attended his wife some years.Dr. Twiss—But how long have you been acquaimed withThe Merchants'Exchange—Powersia, 4c-, dV.This morning at ten o'clock I stood upon the ironY orath after the death of the child, she being at Southend, From observations made In a late tour in France, and rain, and wind. Tbe weather hai been detestable for night the ice from Lake Ladoga commenced to flow, and charges made against the Rev. James Bon well, Incumbent and on the 16th of October this advertisement appeared infrom several late national movements in that env ire, I amconvinced that the time has arrived when Frana* is deter- be tost few weeks, tbe sun scarcely showing his facemined to DC, in all national matters, a much more pawer- during the time.continued during the day to cover the surface of the of St. Philip's, Stepney, and to report whether there are be Times:—piima facie grounds for further proceedings, met yester- To E Y—Write me a few lines to say you are well. I1ful rival of Great Britain " than' she has ever been. Youriver, and atford conversation and some betting day to the hall of Doctors' Commons. The Commission- as to when the navigation would be closed. At soon as ers are:—Dr. Traveis Twiss, Vicar General; the Yen.the ice commences flowing all the Hosting bridges are re- Archdeacon Hale, the Rev. Canon Dale, the Rev. J. E. Kemp, rector of St. James', and the Rev. W. (J. Hum- leased from their moorings across the stream and secured phreys, vicar of St. Martin's In the Fields. Mr. J. D.along the shore. This, previous to the construction of the Colendge and Mr. Buller appeared to prosecute for thoam still at the same place, always unchanged. JAMES. The day after that advertisement appeared a letter was received at the limn oliice complaining tint tide adver- tisement had been misprinted, and that instead of to "E. Y." it ought to have becnloVE." only. Both tbe le»tterand the advertisement would be slnwn to be in Mr. Bon-cwell's handwriting It would have been very desirable toproduce Miss Y oralh, it she had;been producable.but shewas not. Mrs. Yorath would state that her daughter hadleft her home without leaving any indication of where shewas going, without any means to support her, and thatknow the rapid and constant increase that bos been goingon in the French steam naval forces, and their meansof offem* and defense. None know better thankings and emperors that tier* Is no great powerwithout wealth, and very many potentate, but uot all,are wt-ii aware that the most direct means to national than in height. There is absolutely nothing visible of the wealth and strength lies in a prosperous commerce.present permauent bridge, interrupted frequently the travel and communication for several days, both in the fall and spring. Now the whole communication between Old St. Petersburg and the islanls must take placeBishop of London; and Mr. J. B. Sorrell, solicitor, ap- l»cartd on behalf ol Mr. Bonwell.The Bishop's commission having been read,Mr. SORRUL applied tor an adjournment, as Mr. Best, the counsel retained for Mr. Bonwell, was not able to be present; and, that oeing refused, next asked that thoFrance has a vast sum invest*i in railways—about $1,OU»,<<X>,000—and yet her mercantile steam marine is not one leu lb that of Ureal Britain, and, omitting coastinghuman form divine but two red cheeks and a pair of eyes. As for the men, one would think that the last "old coon" had>eally oome down at the command of Capt. Scott, andThe tfevskoi was in all iU glory this afternoon, beauti- ful faces peeped from mountains of furs, tf I may be al- lowed the expression; for a St. Petersburg belle of a frosty day on tho Nevskoi will measure more in diameternone of her family had the slightest idea where she mu steamers, not one-twentieth pari of tbe amount employed surrendered to the Russians, or that all the coons in North over this bridge, and you may readily imagine ComniiPsioners would exercise the powers given them by at this moment. These were the facts or the case, and af-by tbe I'uited Kingdom. Thisquuntry has just about 900ocean going steamships, and, 01 course, nearly everycabin passenger, nearly every ounce of the precious suits, and crossed over Bearing's Straits, and joined the firm enough to admit of roads upon the sur- proceedings being heard in public.America on some fine moonlight night put on their bestter a due consideration of then*** would be for the com- miss^ners to decide whether they would be justified In reporting to the Bishop that they furnished prima facie evidence for instituting further proceedings.> TIIE EVrDENCE.Mr. Humphreys, Coroner for the county or Middlesex, was the hrst witness called,and ptoluced his original notes of the inquest and the veruict of the jury.Miss Georgina Anus said—I am the grauddaughter of Major Watte, and reside with him at Margate, I have known Miss Yoralh for two years, and iu September, 1858, the paid me a visit at Margate, while she was staying with me we went to a tea party at -Wr. Robinson's, a friend of our lumily; Mr. Bonwell was there; beseemed very much struck at hrst sight with Miss Y oralh, aud paid her mark- ed attention, after that he frequently visited at my grand father's; his visits were to Miss Yorath. and he was un-derstood by us all to be an accepted lover; we always un- derstood that he was a widower, though I do not remem ber myself to have heard bim say so; I never heard bim«I>cak "particularly of being married to Miss Yorath, though 1 heard him say once what a pretty bridesmaid I should make: they wed to waik about the town together; I have often wen them sitting together ou the sofa, he with histhe Church Discipline act. He had no interest in arm round ber waist or neck; he paid her great attention, and seemed devotedly fond of her; in rait, they behavedmetals and specie. aDd almost all valuable freight, to Muscovite. 1 lived in a coon country once, and had seen face of tbe river. The day before yesterday at, sun'and Resource* of Rus-LISHED CHURCH KEEPS HIS MISTRK83 VNDEK THE DB0FPING8 OF THE SANCTUARY, ETC., ETC.how thronged it roust be until the ice becsmes the fourth section of the act to hear the case in private, on the ground that no public good could arise from theducing bread corn, lor forty acres of factories and work- s-hops.ClericalLicentiousnessIn England.did registertbe death, and when one of tbe jurors at the inquest asked him whether he bad baptised it, his answer was, " I did when I found it was going to die,aad I called itbythenameofPhjlip,afterabrotherofitsmother's." It would be shown that oneof Miss Yorath's brothers whoCASK OF TBI BET. MR. BONWELL—INTKRKSTINQ EC-CLESIASTICAL TRIAL—A MINISTER OP THE ESTAB- had died bore that name. It was to be regretted that tbe taker, carried it away and buried it; Mr. Bunwell[From the Loudon Times, Dec. 16.]Tbe Commissioners appointed by the Bishop of London,-take the steps prescribed in such cafes as thes * bybrought into the commou law courts, where she appeared as the nominal prosecutor—that the law snouli be vindi- cated, justice done, and punishment, if deserved, inflictedBrasenose, Oxlord. He was a married man, and hi3 wifeorganized administration, should be capable to ex resided in Tbbrnbill crescent, Barnsbury park, where she directly she came into the house, that she was pregnant, Mr.Bonwell?plore the mineral resources of the empire. The building kept a laoies' school. Mr. Bonwell was to be lound thereand I spoke to Mrs. Robinson about il, and iiy conse- Dr. Godfrey— W ell, in tbe present state of the Church of quence of what passed Mi-s ¥oratA left our house, and England, I don't care to acknowledge an acquaintance went oil to the railway station; Mr. Bonwell was spoken with a clergyman. (Loud laughter.)itself attracts the attention of the voyager; the presentoccasionally, but more frequently at the school room near bis own church, where he had had apartments fitted upby a broad flight of stops under a noble portico, you reach port, u Monmouthshire, a family named Yorath. The he would marry ber.Mr. Street, of the Timet office, produced the prigiaalmanuscript of the advertisement read by Mr. Cxderi 1|V inhis opening, and also of a letter addressed to the oalioe,signed "James," complaining that ihe advertisement hadaspacioiis^aDte-chamber, from which branch olliong hills;leadii/g to the ditierent departments of the establishment.the building incloses a hollow square, and covers a square circuaasiances.' Her eldest son was settled there as a was ttotii.of many hundred feet In extent No ticket of admnsion is ruift-' 11,and at the tune these occurrences look place she Mis. Pobirisnn also described tbe first meetiigof Mr.required—you walk in, a porter hikes your overcoat, you rended wuh bun Her eldest surt"lriug daughier was Bohw<il ai.U Miss Yorath at her house. He was very at- Dr. Twigs said the Coiumiss'oners have had ample op- ascend a flight of steps, walk into the Seervto-y's MisBblizabetli Yorath, of the age of thirty-two, according tentive to her, and after a fortnight it was generally un- portunity for consider u:g tbe depositions laker, btifjre room, register your name, and are Fhowu "a. to ail accounts a pretty, intelligent, and lively young lady. derstood thai they w<re engaged lovers; bis manner was them, and have also been assisted by the arg..meu".s ot once into the museum, which is the great At ibis lime there was living at Margate a Major Watts, mod loud and altectiouate to her; everything that itcould counsel on both slues, and they bnve cume to au nam- attraction of the establishment to a strauger-«iot so, per who bad a grauili'aughteir, Miss .vm-s, and between this be under sm-h circudistances; Mr. Bonwell represented mous opinion as to the substance of the report which it haps, with tho mammas, sisters and cousins, who come young lady ami Mi.-s Yorath there was a great intimacy. himself as u widower with one little boy; Miass Yoralh will be their duty to submit to tbe Bishop. But before here to visit the spruce cadets. In the summer of 1868 Miss Ypraiii spent s.>.-ii>; lime at left Margate a! the beginning of Iiecember, and returned proceeding to ttale what will bo il.e substance of theirbeen misprinted—being addressed to "E. Y.,'' insteal of;to"E.' simply.THE DECISION.granted .u t>el«id)es. Iiie ieleipte>ro so large—in lSO'2the- net oostal reveune was a most £40G,0UO—that her MaJesty s goM ium unt and Post' cihce Keep the matter per-il,'.y iiaik, and mule no reports on the subject. study. We must enter by this small side door; a numberWere the-e reports published to the world, pro- ol b'ggars are standing in line as you enter, bowing aud - one half its equal, 1 musl put it down as surpassing a:iy Dobineon, who also nved at Margate. Mr.),Bonwell was a tbir Mr. Bonwell was aware <•! I.n sate. The answer doing to 1 may saf< ly make ue of the language adoptedBut if we linger all day on the Nevskoi we shail notalong these massive monoliths—"Cornices and frieze with bos3y sculptures graven." Those m astire bronse doors, every panel worthy ofNever having seen anything equal lo the miaeralogtcal Margate with her friend, Miss Atot.*. and among oth?r jter- again at the end ol Mas ; rlie was then evidently tar gone report, we think :t proper to txpi. ss the view we laie of collection at this establishraeut, and having never real of tons Whom thev visited together were a Mr and Mrs. with child; witness, tax< u her with 11,and asked her whe- the duty which devolvis upon u> under the statute. Inhastily. m a short lime their behaviour to each other was that of dition was visible lo every one; she durffiot directly state Murraygivesthefollowingpreciseaccountofthool •upagedlovers. Shewasseensittingonhiskuee—he thatMrBou*•.11wastbefather,buttromwuatshasaidwhethei the Rev Mr Boi.well ought k> be put OJ his trial beforeanothertribunal,incoresequr-nceofsufficientevi- dence being heie adduced to convince the Commis- fcioners Hat at such trial there wouid be a reasonable probability of a verdie'l being obtained against hiT3, - and obtain u, too. with justice. The words m |th ethe liank oi KugtinJ—receives into her capacious lap the to contain several thousand persons. One feature par- lege attached to this establishment:—'It is the chief of frequently wuh his arm round her watat—and he indulged witness interred that he was. .pro.; ice of e-\ ery .and, the riches of every mine, and the trill.c of every wo.h ii > '..r re plans or designs or tbe Coiled States govern- ment ".-^ci'ug ocean mail o;x-rations, tha matter and the I rem Drjt laru- that sboiv the immense national silvan- tjg - aii-'Lu'.rig tLe eon^iitratnig ot this vast sieam ser- \ L here ui^st be of great interest to tho American noo- 1 ie li maj seem very sochonoricsl to quote instances of gM it pjwei i»Ld wealth in SIJW and cities noted for theirticularly you muoi remember: in a Greek church there various schools scattered through the miaiug provinces of are no seats or pews or aisles. No person sits but the Russia, and is composed of forty, scholars who have at- • Emperor, in which case a special seat is prepared for him; talned the rack of officers, and two hundred and eighty I therefore you have all floor and aides and roof, nothing cadets, oue hundred of wnom are maiutauied. .KKI oiu- 1in conversation with he1 which, so lar as he could judge from tbe specmuns he had heard, resembled more the i'en grine llckle style of the last century than was usualMi. l>ewis Yoralh said—I am surgeon at Newport, aud the brother of Misa Elisasanli Yoraui; a short Uuia after the return of my sister from h:r eisit to Mar..'ate in De- cember, 1868,1 remember Mr. Bonwell coming down to visit us; 1 was aware from my sister that they were en gaM u: he made a sort of apology to mo lor not havingiu>ed as building stone. Within this screen are kept tbotior: ivrnpared to the foreign (couiinerce of the country, vestments ol the pnesis; it also serves as their retiring va'ucd at SOUKthing over a hundred thousand rubles, an "futi'l they had together, how devotedly fond his beha- oiee, rr-qoc.-ting an explanation, an 1 desiring bun to ibe scanoal and the evil rf pee ; ce.aceri.ing the Rei Ja.nesd n railways in KrunC'- are large, out oi all propor--taie oi tbiug-! the Empecor oi France .s detenninoi .-li not lonu remain.'i liave L"-uU that the sovereignity- of the Feejeo ,..,:s !.as !•• n offered to Gre»l Britain, this was some •n nth* ago or more A r&olutiDu of the L'igisUturo s. A Secti Waits has J...-4 bceu passed, urging the me g •-•:•. 'mil to taWe l.l -.> gl'.'Up Os lilaUiS Ou the u .- .;:>", , \ ibo :.ati»e r ,i'[ -tiua. T'ley u * i a small Scor li> ui' of L'h^-.e v ain .- tiiueat that uas to be met, if ll.e > e'i gi.ty is ai wpw 1 l'j" "our lady tho QueOc."room, and Irom whence they Issue in performing their sacred ceremonies, luis screen is d.vuied agaiu within into three compartments, the centre ono cum ins the prestal, a mmaiure temple, in which is d*> JJOMICU ctrU'n sacred implements, or, in other words, the ark ot the Covenant, or Holy of Holi-s. Tinviour was, h«w he spoiled her, what ••jolly dinners they s. n<i a copy oi the burial certificate of his tirsl wife, so Bon»<dlM£ I.aviiigi rTeLdf 1af an., t ih» law? eeclt siaaticil 'iye.1 the present day.time an a widower, with one chill, entirely di^ngaged lie was evidently laying violent sieire to Miis Yorath's af fcetioae, and, though his demeanour might be a littleutub uie thai the Commissioners shall, alter due consideration of the depositions taken belore them, openly and publicly declare the opinion of the ma- jority ui Un m at such nsji.uy, whether or cot there beMr Bonwell gave himself out at thatto detract from the massiveaese of the structure. cated at the expense of the gevernm»ut, ao1 oue hundred 'All Greek churches are, I believe, built substantially in and eighty either at Hie expense of their friends ..r of thethe form of the Greek cross—that is, the sides are equal. directors of the provincial mining e*ttblislnuenis. The ca warmer than Miss Aims or Mr. and Mrs. Robinson thought writuii to me about it, but said that his position as a ;.ri»a/u<t* gn ui-ds Icr insuiuU-'g further proce-eiings. 1 The higher portions of the walls and tho interior of thegreat and tenser domes are [ arnica in fresco. You see nobrick, no mortar, or whitewash, or paint; all is polishedmarble or bronze, or Drass or precious stones—massive,grand.immense block or boulder of ma'achite several thousandpounds weight, uise from the Ural, valued at had bad together, particularly at "the London,' where li.at 1might 101.viuee tveiy cue that the rumor «a.= un liawr-g "aum it'll or caused to !>e received ir.to a e >rta,aover one hundred thousaud rubles; a block of platiaa over ten pounds, worth twenty thousand rubies; a berylihey dined "all jtl siher; how delighted sLv had been tiuv, Li- wroie back to mx the letters wbi.-h have been upper room bttrd up as a tern; Taiy sleeping apalmeotat nearing him preach, and olht r details. In tin* letter read here; the eousequtuce was that the aifair was u the teliool house of Sl I'be.p's, htiyney.aut thereincrystal, valued at forty thousand rubles.hundreds, nay. thousands, ef specimens of native gold, suvor, copper, iron, malachite, lapislazuh, emeralds, lead,she isStOLi s found ui his own mines la S;b 'ria, topaz, sulphur, precious stoiie-3, salt, Ac—enough in all cated. But Mr. Jone^. the h. ad of the e«tau,iihment, Cicss examined—My sister would sit up somotl-ncs till sum r'e-a!', !'i Yo'tth «.»•< tin niu il« livered oi'.in il'tgl:piece of jewelry, il is said, was p<-.-s«tutod by Bemodoff,and valued one million ot silver ruljles, really a princely giit-conpcieBce to convince one of the richness of the Russian would be cahed, ami woeid rt.te that Mis-) Yoralh*liad llirte o'clock in the nwriilcg with Mr. Bonweil, 1 could mal. i Mil,f H.re are sutlieiect pnInta facie grounds tor mines. After feasting your eyes upon the guld, silver aul never been near ttu- place uunng tnai lime M..-s Yoraiu h' ar her gr.ii'j; up to be r o.vu rtujm, lor I slivt on the saun* intiunli.ig ir.ril er proevtuiugs. That in r> «|.ect U» the precious stones fouuu in several rooms, all beautifully ar- paid aKocond vian to Mirgito in iluy.lvri wh-n M..»s 1 coiiduet of the 11.v. Jauko BOUMLI', 'in re.a;;0u .o Kl Zi-exactly in what manner they are worked, and the kind terview Miss Yorath immediately lett her fueu-i's house ;?•.-!.i'P he would bo glad; saiav.'liuies lie sal t he would }e:irs w,tb ihe said Elizabeth Yorath within th •a Bon-uuiaii, wheie he may lottk h.r Si. Petersburg. Thereaie no cunfesbiona'^ <is .u Roman churches stuck aiougthe w ails, but lh< re ar j several shrines or pai-ting^, before »luch many e-anutes »re burning, and many devot-je.-*,male and lemale, are performmg taeir vows, lai.es inruaid'g b.!ks, costly furs and sparkling jewelry; the mor.» of pure native copper, a mass (said to be) of meteoric ber. Mr. Bonwell very soon aft»rwards lollowe 1 her. and Lumbiapeaciiut woman, in sheep sum .-ihairls aud saulals iron, founJ far east in Siberia, which, after* having presented himself to the family us bet acofot«ti suitor. oi bark, are kmeling and masing the sign ot the cross. I been reduced much m furnishing specimens They Were nrher surprised at hrst, but on Mr. Bou<veh's hnd ooi.3taiitly, in ad tbe outward lorms of tho Green for various c>Hectious outride of Russia, still measures over explaining his position to them, aud their reiLctirig lhat (a.th, lhat mere is much more attention paid to it by the three feet square. But it would be too tedious to particu- both were oi au age tu choose for themselv- s, no eibj.-e Greek than ihe Roman paj s to hid. Women are rebgious larize further. Having visited the bright side 01 the pic- Hon was made to them; .also Mr. Bonwell srav..' out that he inajl ceMint.its, but I here opeak of the men. lu no uouu ture, iin<! looked with delight tipou all the wonders and was a wicW er, wuh one child, llacontiuueu 1, pay oca^tiwo dis.as of ence a IdUcei reporting that th re areof machinery employed. There are also many curious and returned to L n-inn. In tlie iuterviil k i,i i-,u'iiseha- e Ui" wed ting at Si.tiVorge.s, Hanover sq tare.on yu2 tee i^ n he Weill out with the expressed luieuti in of post 11 e a ler to his bouS'tkieper, informing her of his ap prime ,'IDR m an iag->, at:d I't-siriiig her to pit his housel^ui'.en," there La* not bem reasonable ev.l belnrc iluio lo wa rant tbiim in sufl'cici.tpri-.i.afa^e groiuusfeedings aga;iih'. him as having had adulterous mobjects scattered through the halls— lor instance, the bones of a human being embedded in the trunk ot a tree, por tions of mammoth bones and great grinders, a great mas.stwo visits* i: appeared that Miss Y orath had been residing with her fn-'Lus in Newpoit. She went there aiirher fortnight's stay in London—about the mid lie ol D :^mpole as they were formerly to the equator, looking ascalm and. as serene as if all the thousands of ye»rs ofstrife, of wars, of pestilence and famine In their native to claim his bride. Shortly after this, however, a r.i mor country had not in the least affected them. They have got about that Mr. Bonwell was a married man. Of course now taken their seal upon the shores of the Neva, aud it soon reached the cars of tbo Y oraths. and Mr. LewisSU-men, his Ex*«lten^y the President of the L'ulted the blue bridge and the palace of the Grand Duchess Mary, the history and fato of nations, that ihe Csars of Egypt first reply was a very short note, in which he wrote that port, and remember meeting Mr. Bonwell and Miss Yora.h progress, aad especially .to the Hungarians, who, above 1UBt bemg ortbem- The organixstion is under the able *»>.. i** * P t«> 0'®"* Officer street and turn to the should have been hewers of stone for the Czars of Russia! he wan so tilled with wonder at the contents of Mr. Yo- at a party there in January last' they were on the footing all, •Xi.ectoe jostice for their nationality. VFnilency of General Rob-r' B. Campbell, the American !*, T O TM » wflt lead us to the Botoboy theatre. On our Cosamat London, and its Vice President is Jos. Roduey w.tu.r.oiSf "*f*** we discover the word Cafe in goldenStill pursuing our way along the Neva, we pass, tho Cadetcorps,theAcademyofScience,andtluallyreachtherath's kuer that be could do no more for the moment than of engaged lovers, and their behavior to ea?b other was acknowledge the receipt, exceipt briefly to say that the on tiaat footing; in the course of that same evening I re statementwas"abaselyunfoundedfabrication." Onthe memberaMrs.Newmancoming uptotakeleave of Mr.Kour moi ihe have elajised since the Luxemburg mani- festo, and the tew ministry is already m pawer three n;ontli3. That time is c rtainly not long eno igh to lu-mgbuildingIs animposingstructure,cas-ional visits to Newport—ouce a month or s » 1,1 to the moLth of May, nnd was introduced to all tlie friends of the family as Miss Yorath's future husbunu AuuugMiss Yorath slept up stairs; Mr Bonwell mid Miss Yurathis a rplcnuid animal, aud I have no ddubt taken from na were over a huudred boys tripping on the light fantastic the only time when she could eDjoy Mr. Bouwell's society used to sit up long after the rest of the ?aml'y . 1 have- amount of concessions, obtained by peaceful means, to aif dashing to the charge, \12er down; the horse regions above. As we passed out through the hall theropoion i< going into the Ohlna war on hU own hook, and net as an aid to Mr. Bull. You will see by this mail that tbe ie e.-tiai Emperor has kicked the Russian merchants oei of their privileges, and 'sealed up" the Legation atP*km The brother of tbe Sdn has a three-cornered tight on b« Vauog, and It would be very strange u* barbarism Me»od twiote C11 .ja^on.l niuii ^nje a few details regarding the American Club or AMoriatt^ ^ ( y f o f m t l , ^ ^ " •, l n "t*rLD»ls*«,aaumbe-r of AnwriBans re«ilent in Loo- drawn under, and that the lines of the head and neck passing on you reach an immense edifice, covering a thut often aad oiten criminal intercourse had takcu place ln cross examination the wituess said—I didn't think gaming tho sympathy of the Hungarian nationality.turt—perhaps the one the Emperor was accustomed toride. In fact, I have seen horses here lhat would furnish flue faces among them; they were lively, well dressed, late—two or three o'clock in the morning Unfortunately moriicg, aud nearly always it was two or three o\.'.o:t ;a model for this very statue.The hcrse is in a rearing posture, and is poised on hisand were enjoying their dancing lesson with much z.st. this was too true. It would be shown that the t^-o were 1 have seen tae in sitting together on the sofa, he with, his Tlie peace of Villafranca has therefore had a favorablePassing out at the southern portico, and proceeding up generally in the habil of sitting up alone after ail the rest arm round her waist and her arm round his aock; some- influence upon Hungary, inasmuch as the conservative tbe Neva, you pass a number of government schools and of tho mrnily bad retired to rest; and, in fact, there could times she would be sitting on his tne"; I have heard them e!em< tits of the country have united together to supporthind feet, without any other support, like the Jackson sta-tue at Washington. If we were to be hypercritical, we institutions. Tho first Is a naval school, where are be no doubt from the evidence that during his visits Mr. talking about when the man io^a was lo be; it was fixed, and assist the efforts which the government of Vienna might say that one of the hind legs is a little too much several hundred bojs preparing for the Russian navy; BoDwell bad lakeu advantage of these opportunities, and as 1 understood, for June or July. woe about (so it was thought, at least.) to try forfigures in bronze. I observe Minerva, seated on a repos- ing lion, on the left and front, bearing a shield and spear. Justice is on the right, with sword and balance. Mercy is tbe third figure, ana the fourth is a lady with a muralslept up stairs with her mother, and the servant maidbounds the Neva, arc placed on a splendid granite parapet, two sku'te sphinxes, brought from Egppt, which,afterhaving spent likely thousands of years looking down in the morning sho had heard Mr. Bouwell's doorsu n s, and scoured by the hot sands of Egypt to bed to her m other . The m araiage w as fixed have taken up their residence as near the north for the midule of June, 1869, and when Mr. Bonwellnumber of their couutrjmen wer* W t u | i v goiionm^ ^Am the British caput ami in order * e ^ 4 o ' u ^ n a i Sof distress and lo reheve the merliorWa,*0^*, ^preventimpositionuponthecOartuoie,pro^!nl*iTM crown;theRomanshadanameforher.Sherepresents on old Nilus flood, scorched by the-burning openedandshut,audMissYoarthcomeupstairs slightestideawhereherdaughternowwas;shehndseen tullessonaudobuntheaffectionortheseveralnationali-would state that frequently at two and three o'clockbad left her home some live or six weeks ago without any intimation as to where she was going; she had not thenot return again until the happy day when he cameI ESQ..ourlateeSicwutandgentlemanlyConsulat wetofcan'^ito>r4**«•"ttor,andseewhat'dlscoversesThe American Association is, ia fact, a seekint a i S l J 0 u J1 "^ • * »"••"» "»•» we are eastern point of the Vatsili ihtuer. You must recollect Sd of June be wrote a longer letter, in which he took a Bonwell; I was sitting close by; she said to him, "I must foith, rlptn and develops a vaat system of ret .ra»«, it is,gary ancient and deplorable mstituti>n» tetter and prevent "' ornamented with tbe bunks or prows of antique ahipi,\ you will bitterly rue tbe day you do, if you possess the rence the card of tbe "Rev. James Bonwell, «t. Philip's, ail a*nous and lasting concihauan.standoutinfrontneartheriver,givingtothewholean air of grandeur. Leaving tbe Exchange onour left, wewinpassajong by thequayand throughangate into tbe yard and landing of tbe House. This iasituated on the Utile Neva, which _ a ofl the great Neva, forming tins island. Heret ^ * a n s a b e r of small vessels and lighters laying,Untdia-2 f * * " t their cargoes into the Custom House stores,w^!^.?***. *aachinery, boxes and casks are covered ndleastMaiorfraternalHeeling. Ibegtolayspecialem phasiaonthis intimation,without entering intopanicu tars.After this letter tho marriage was entirely broken off, and Mr. Bonwell appeared no snore at Newport. In August the Bishop of London having bean Intormed of what ha i taken place at Newport, wrote to Mr. Bonwell desiring bun to call at London House to explain the charges against h m. In thai Interview Mr. Boawell did not attempt todeny that he bad passed himself off an a widower to MissThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New YorkStepney;"shetookpossessionofthemintheevening' whenshecameina cabwith a gentleman,whoIalter wardsheardwasMr.Bonwell;theywrm-1veryrarjni'arOuetiuileimportantmeasurehasbeentakensio»tbe peacet<H.<»-mingHungary,and thatistbereorganisation ofiberrotc*taUchurch. Toappreciatethesenousuertaitled Don thef new linen there was no mark at all, bit tbe old' lineu waa marked "E Yorath;" sbeo.-cipied my apart ments seven weeks, tbe last fortnight of whtcaYsh» was away altogether; aba slept out several tu n a whsn she waa with me; ultimately she went away with b-r motherBy the Court—I saw that she was in the family waygary numbeis a Protestant population oi thee nulLaua out of e'ght million InhabiUnts. The I'ri-s'iui church enjoys these inivileges aid an indvpeudeuce wku* am uot the fruH o: simple toleration, but winc'i lesub from mUrtaituna! treatk-s etlered upoa more 'h*j t*» em it rirs ago, with the guarantee of the great Protestant ow-ocumenbrokiuoli. my sister has left her home Without leavingthe siigl.Uit irace bebiiid htr; \ae ID^W noth.ug of wherei-eili Yoiath, b. iug at such lim- far advance i iu pieg- i.ancy,a»tl that m. or a b e t th... llthuay of August lUsi.tho1| 11 ad >; when my sisier wen away from h^-n? finally I will be the duty of ihe <\>mmissi r'iniik she had more iliau thre-e pouu Ism her pocket, Biibcp, iiiHlrr ibeir La v# l;:i\e notK us us iiuy idt* where the is.TIKKIV H'i,'.h W illiams, chancellor ot the ilioccss of Llat'iatl. said —I was a friend ol'the late Mr. Yorath, who wss a clergyman, *»nd after his death 1continued the iu lunacy witii his laiuily; I remember in March last, Mrs. Yorath c illlog tit my hjuse with her daughter and Mr. llonwell;aid liewa';»introducedtomeastho futurehus band oi her dau„hier; he behaved to her very affection ately in every way as a clergyman ought under such cir- cum'stanci•<; they visited us siveril umes afterwards; Mrs Yorah told me that Mr. Boawell intended to conn to me lor his licens-i , lhat his friend the Bishop of Ox lord would marry them, aad that I was to assist; 1 understood that he was a wiuowcr; he told me that bis form er wife w as a relation of the Archbishop of Canteroury; that she wa>« a "bird." 'Ihe certihcaie oT the marriage of Mr, Bouwell with "Aibertma Koplna Hayes Bird," at Bradford, Yorkshire,be slept in Mr. Yorath's room, on the dru*-mgroom lloor, INer not discouraged the men, and their number is Urgetoe to the exciting music of the violin. I observed m iny alone was when all the rest of tho family had goiw to b.<d, heard her come up to bed as late as four o'clock :u the radical change which,would be the resuh of a bloody and that they were in tne habit of remaining up till very Struggle.aad intimate with each other; I tent her hum to the wash- of that question, it i* necessary to rcmem'«er that Hun-r ir.stitntu.g furtlier pro- wuh the .-aid Elizabeth Yorath within the sane dHXi.«. It tiers lo txausunt u tho ds and pealsjahedcpositi'H.s taken in this case, atd also their rejiort UIKSI the inquiry whichreport will be ii*-i in the registrj of the dloccss. ' The coniUiissioii «os then closed.Ttte Situation of Hungary. ^Tranfelati'd lr^m the l'aris 1'atrie, Nov. Iu, tor the Nsw YoKK IlRKAuTi ]of all the ii.eriial complications which fetter tbe march of tb<- Austrian government, none is more senoas »h»n the !Iungate n u,uistion. Tbe reason thereof U, that In no other of th. countries subject to the rule of the House of Hamburg are there <=o many wroDgs to repair and so many wound:- lo cieotrise, and that nowhere the work of reparation is expected vwth more imporUnoe thau InHun- gary.ihe Italiin war. which was undertaken fcr the freedom of the Italians, ha^ awakened among the Magyars the hope of independence, wbich, although repressed for alhat tht: Austrian government would profit by that dread- In SL Petersburg yon are not allowed to smoke hi thestreets; consequently all smoking is done Indoors, ' into thTmE!e* matting awaiting means of eonveyanoerath s friends at Newport; and after a short correspon- ence, the Bishop not bavin* the least idea that bisBd jnn sanf watt lnaafine,aflaon| •aobiare^arniennWlwntlnr Of th* nntmrrv ThnOtKlnm Honaa atomdYewistory.com13069the moment she came Into the house; I was told after eis Since 1849 the ec'ivsu-Ocal coas'itaoaa of Hun- words that tho wnllnmu alu,r*«masswtfkur.aftsT.rt... -aww.fultonh 