 T f t eAKD .1r*wI-_-A , „ c-JSttAUS W « TWK-TTTBO MATCH TOR TKN THOOAND |«iory, „ l4s, two mile heata. At Cam- coupled as It is with knavery, and may yet form tbeba-Citizenof tbeUnited States ofAmeries.*.*',jttPetersburg,Va,Oct.11,pd.rt.ina. ,i.<ar 0 Kerthawstake.AtCamten, - three yearsisforsomewriterof'yallerkiverliterature.^ n i i a a U J - aWorr«0 Dntfen, S*~nl*»e, and Aw.trf.*THE T U R FHAYTI AHD EMIQEATI0H. .n.j.<ncoec&mbyimpPriam,ch.f.byRsdEye,somefortune,andhas,perhapserethis»«*"»«••" IilstttlyImportaamttwColoxwalPerooii.M-»UniM FavllHBar H*CK MTWW.S rLAfflf,aa.nbv;nip ^tencoe,aridch.f.byimp.Albion,dambyC'IeatFsveiltaaa»•«!Inducements—Re- port ml txio Secratatry of Uao interior,Tiwopo iltot-TsUrteesa Amit-TM (.overnsr»•*:<* the most briitsnt «V«f-*"1 1 "*andretiredtoenjoythefruitsofhispiracies"osooieortnetM« IrregularHatmiredI Undert.t-nerstl OsyslrmxssrTl taVi^aXatlt— Arrtwwisir,tobeyourfaithfulservant, W.A.BK.N'roV^'eld In the Mortb*-« to be run for, and• " » « and circulating bills, so money, not privilege of M1 believe tbe time has come to submit to your Excel- lency the result of labors undertaken by your order 00 the question of emigration Into our country of men of our»y rrench mtrlgje. in order to give Napoleon an exesae for aa occupation of the country by a French armvTbe French declare thst the War is tte result of a Men. lem conspiracy to exterminate tbo Ohratiacr that the Tori's urged upon the Druses to fight the Christans thai they helped b y their policy and traachery. and thee'eaaZ.it, rtzt'T i t * meeting one of extraordinary into eat alike••the xver of tbe sport* of the turf and the '.neralcoev by Kevenoe, out of Sarah Washington, and KatoOlah.#tad <Jc*too, in 1842, over the Fashion Course, in which vttmeeandweneveryrace Duringtbep*«twee* wouldpeestheLegislature.beenmadeoius.limepresses;theyoughttobere- hanged,andtnoseoftheprisonersnowfearingtheworst,tbe S weeping and screaming in their houses or in tP 0a the other band, we ought to state tbat in all tbat stieets, and cursing the dogs and swine for wbose portion of our hemisphere which extends from the river Moslems are being hanged. The poor Christiaas ;n tbeNEW YORKScot* Career* slake f0r two year olds, mile heats, heat' many a commercial hidalgo bemoans tbe nbpto»AjTM-ing en. u. by imp. '^Jbion, dam by Imp. Leviathan: ch. f. fidence which M him to trust to the wiles of ^ysscaiiy r>>J,••Iavis,d*-^byImp.Monarch,Ka'oolah;aAllyby American. It isbelievedthathebasbaggedabaoa-THE HE\v* CRUSADE TO SYBIAi-omnnrvtSe* cf this unhappy land, la all their interests ana relations, which may ac»rd with the r>evhtts»soi Sod and tbe ends of all t»ue government for the restored prosperrtyofthewholecountryandtbesocialandper*jvt.ree in sjalthvoreb t * a " M ^4done1gSewould•fafors< ygS pA>t • saJtimore spsaagat Workedba ffenny.ac. MV uafot Jilve tblB, u r <s datafjnM<*i< lyrrearp air beard; with the '. sewn totr chased a t was notiC' other pen swat lowed traia.ash seitoed th<tog her ,irfound a boim,J. i*-\v jam.»«•< < !• ink „ tfc f0rden,S.rSpanish-Americanreoubltcs. Itisquitearomanticngbt and doing bis work regularly and **>*£!*&J2 the <Tth was pitted afainat the ioatav, yield to the fortb- feM owner and trainer, Mr Puryear. UU rmagi"*Af FAIRS IN NICARAGUA.cjmiof •aseteat in the amount of ex*U<assent engendered Oaniel Bwne, be is BOW located " * « * » ^ 2 » 2 ? 3Cattle (about seven thousand) are fearful an<f anxioos, anamoredesirousthanevertogetaway. Onehundred and thirty prisoners, tied together in parties of ten, havec the public mind. It s the sola fa*„>te of conversationw. rportag eiralot, ami the quertWav, "Who is goisg to betables, where they are visited by large numbers of portingmeninterestedtntbecomisgrace.Onr Seta Juan del !Vorte Correapondtsice. gax JTJAWnm Nc*w, August 17, I860.St Lawrence to Oronoco, a work of expulsion is in progretstowhichweought nottoivmata inattentive. Toprofit by this movement, in welcoming men of our blood,the victims ol these outrageous persecutions, la to con been marohed to tbe plain for execatlen, and three hau-I. «the n«x: Fresideatl A B M mora 'agertyand anxiously BiebJiting up to but week was about UM^.»«« .tegivt a brief summary ol £h m> so that our readers Union Course was by Fashion, when she beat Bwton Incondemned to death; but It Is evident that more troops will fee needed to carry Into execution the judgments of tbe tribunal, for the Moslems have declared that for every Metlem executed Christians will h e murdered. A nd this is no idle threat, for since the execution of tbe baker three Gbrlstiaas feav* been assassinated. This state of tbisgb fees caused tbe Christians to resolve upon a gene- ral exodas s s tbey are convinced tbat there is no ioager any safety fcr them to the doomed oity of Damascus Se- veral thousand nave already arrived, and others will fol- low a* soon a s possible.lars; bought by a Spaniard to make a abed. The poor But this, the first step made by our government, was terior, who threatened and sought to take his life be- ing on mules, if they are BOfortunate as to obtain thots,beat >g ".'he C Bree iardge, the , h. colt, by Wagnerand LJ: A'siander. March 15, Plaaet paid in the Camp- others had neen tied with raw hides, and the upper por"It is Walker:" some imagined they saw the vessel, somewere glad, and others were ready to run at sight. I on the first Sunday of tbe month, but it will be easy to entire failure of government to interfere sxcept for tbeirb*" :.ac li JSJ Tor a!! ages, two miles and a half, won by•an.-' 3o.-te. We cow had Planet at Vew Orleans,tions of their bodies bore traces of identification, p*rtiju larly taat of Canfield,who was a robnet and powerfulfind that, in general, all the people of this place wish for Walker's return, as indeed I expect many in the interior do, only they dare not avow openly for fear of being emi- grated.Tnthe interior affairs seem serene. But who can tell? V<here people live so easily without manual exertion— where they are contented with a green plantain, a siring of dried beef, and as a wash down some adulterated oho- colato or parched corn mixed with water—where they live in a land where everything grows spontaneously,make a legal modification of this arrangement. increased alienation and the effusion of tl sir blood, .-or That a temporary lodging for the first eight days shall weeks together we saw tbe Druses removing their fami- be ••ffcrcd to those arriving, while waiting or travelling lies and gotitis southward, and beard that the tarlstau v,wber« en Marah 30, be wen the Planet poatstahe fourmik b«d!s oeetina: J-mc C. Breckinridge and La Vaaeti. man, resaarkable inform and feature, liis lower li.nosto their destination.Tbat independently of the schools that these now citi-zens may create, the existing government, which occu- pies itself without ceasing with tbe care of public instruc- tion, bas founded and will found numerous establish- ments of education, in which the monthly charge is next to nothing, and gratuitous to tbe poor.That*our laws deprive no one of tbe right of quittingin like manner, were removing notthward. Alarmed at these indieati.i si on Tuesday the 29th of May, I via'tod tbe chief Drcee, Akkal, iu this reigbborliood, found fcim aLxious and earnest as my self for preserving p*ace, sug- gested the united mediation of a . (espesially the Icg'.isb and French) consular authorities !n l>yr>nt tD Intervene and j-revet t tbe threatened barbarism of a civil war. and was most cot.!identially assured that their mediationroe p,,.j.wo„ttoa•STtoiSIoS iSSrOLTt^oT^^S .ouchtortaresyear"ia">m*w*ssnsi»«»*"^|»-v,j^5».«n*1•J Revenoo; Kaloolah Coriawe, l v Red EyO, aa4|ninfi)ln' by I loaneier. Feb 3, WOO lawBotchinson stakes for three year olds, two mile beats, beatitg Excheqaav and Crino-sawolti SSSOciat-unae'r tbe firm of Wshm? & Co.,£«J«BHr.tbeir"legalrepiaOsntatWee-andensigns, tneABBorAGXiccLTCira—SkcnosOFTHXLirxxioa. ToHiflJ^cajxawcTiHiPaxsiDraTOrHATTi:--)t from the war wore broogbt^apos Thatiigllsfepartycontendthewaxwa*httumhlfor all Eges, two mile heats, beating Fannie W«hington,for the massacre in Damsscus. This has thrown taemenced t h e work theme gives be a mere tool aAJMsjaeeuatwhen the Druse! re/oawdLr r ^ f ^ lher bow still pointing up the ever flowing San Juan. The good boat was sold for a song, just as she Is in the banki surrounded by a number of long, flat, partitioned boats,rtenet, the property tf Mestrs. T. * T. W. Doswefl, feated Lecomte, April 14, I860. It H, however, antici- wat in its glory.from military service, the service of the National Guard alone being obligatory on all citiaens. .•a n y form their own judgment of t h e relative meriis of the three horses. As Planet stands first ia point of age,•me giro bJB the priority in place,1 min. 33& sec., May 10,1842. This was thought b y e xperienced turfmen to be, under the disadvantages of thecourse, fully equal to Uxington's time of 1 mm. &%sees, ever tbe Metalrie Coarse, New Orleans, when he de- wbich also were used in former days when the TransitConvinced of the importance of informing families whodesiretocometoourcountryoftheliberalityofourIn- Thushastbefirstinstalstentofjusticebeenwrungoat, stitutions La matters of religious belief, the government and we expect to learn of further execution* by the next guarantee conformably with the disposition of our laws, post.the public exercise of tbe worship that cash of them pro-fessed.•.' VirgiBia, It a dark cheannt ooit, by Eerenue, oot ofNiaa iy Boston. A eiev«r ,udge of herses thus describeeham —"He :s a dtrk cnests". horse, witheet white, sarerated by good judges that even Fashion's ttmo will be eaten on this occasion, and even lower than 7:30 will be made. One of the most experienced, and confessedly the ablest turf writer in this country, thus prophesies ofThe bull of the once famous bungo steamer, or busgo tower, as she has been called here, being in a most dilapidated state at if despoiled by wreckers, with berThis appeal was received abroad with numerous com- mendations, emanating ss much from those who wereNothwitbstandiBg ttis, Cyril Graham, who bas just re- turned from a tour la the interior, after visiting ux maxcua, Haebeiya and Batheyia, expresses the firm conviction tbat Christians will never be able to resiletbewarwhichresultedso aiastrouslytoOrmsbyandhis folio vers succeeded. A correspondent e f tbe SacrsmentopleexistsInourcivillaw andiscapableof<'cpansion. That the government cannot engage itself to encourage,field'sparty— AmongthevolunteersinthelateIndianexpeditionun-bf aprotectivetariff,articleswhich might bemanulaotared inHsyti; but that manufacturers would find asufficientguaranteeinouractualtariff,whichhasalwaysaveraged twenty per cent on the purchase value. As ourfiscalLegislaturederivesitschiefrevenuesfromcustombouse duties, it tt not likely tbat it will, for some lime to tbe Druse country, sear tbe Damascus road, four l.ci r* It assy be the facts of tbe Jaffa outrage are rot entirere cone, abandon this system.aa- . it apprarju.ie was as a four year cid at Ashiaud,"Ta,l^j1",T'I>->»!)-thermststakeforallages,beatingTar Ritrr i^d «c .'nar- U thelail meeting at Peters- der Col. Hays were two very intimate friends of t'r. Cko- lay a groundwork tbat will offer, and open this richbjrK ha A.i. the BaiiinbrMk stakes lor tour year olds, 'Oet<. -XT 12,4"-o n !!e beats, beating Pate, t»oidleaf, Fanny Waa.K:afha"lyawjty Kiwiou*.andch.c.byFinancier. Twc Uj afterwards he wot. the Jockey Club purse,field, who used every possible effort to ascei Uiu tbe fate ofhisparty;but,thougathef»rmandfeaturesofalithe di=tovered dead were very carefully scrutiaiz^d, nonecountry, and give homes and plenty to those'who are eager and strong, and to those who long to settle in this landundertbewarmsunandenjoytheirlivelongdays in laziness, segars and siestas.Thatthechierarticlesoffoodbeingalwaysabundant, there ia no necessity ior emigrants bringing provisions from abroad, and cocse^uently of wa viog the pa> icent offrom Beyront, and four thousand feet above Uie Mediter- ranean. It contains a thousand teals, Greeks, Marcaites and Protestants, all Christians, under Drase proteot'on. In all previous, as in the present war, Bbarcdun has al-familiar to your readers. In January of 1658 an agricul- tural missionary, named Dixoa, resided to the gardens seme distance from Jaffa, in a very dangerous and ex- posed place; his daughters were daily In the habit oi see-HERALD, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2 2 , 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.SytA. billexceed!** $160,000 in amount, In the kingdom of Ha«a',, I h ^ h l i ^ r money shall be "received in payment of all ivaadtt^sndoy thw government dues,*' and shall beTranslatedand con*enso4-ftromthe Haytieft MoMlpur, i ^olcial orfan ortbogfefernment, fortbo 3faw Tc--Tricots •flriti-[^rrsapoikience of ihe Boston Trjtve::er.Jn\ est1gate. Various 'friends voluntar quenees w themselves.mmbsitasssfe have been sent to thoroughly.1. The Oruse party, *»th thetr, contend that the CBrtettaaswar, and that all the evd consa-'"^nfnSuced k *to C R Bishop asat W. A . Aldrich, b*aker« in B PBKPORT.vite to learn thoreaaHs of Paad Pacha's mission to Da- mascus, I am happy to inform yoathat bo b « mads a soodbeginning,andhebasthusfarprovedhimself worthy of the confidence placed in bbn by the Saltan and the Ambassadors at Constantinople.l t iMMt^bclasso/racebore*engagedinthem,cer^pria- lite Tenotherspaid. AtAugusta,Ga,Feb.14,WJBa ^"'^JZZZ "itheofficeofBishop&Co.,-thisprivi- race. Alterhavingexamined,underdifferentpoint*of usthstearly1*themorningofthatdaysixty-fourof81.^ ii e vast aawibt ><•*»«m( ifce beat to»<wf£br«d* on the American tujrf, rxaabia* lab. fbreeoth«nipald. Feb. W, won the Jockey CHb purse Ega toIsrdnro for twenty five -bills with tbe Minister of n l a a c . eHq*Trti"thee w a U « r r e n c v Issued b y them, and U charge the government only e>gbt per cent on theseLetters from Damascus, dated the30tb imrt . informsweepstakes for three year oMs, mite heata, beattnf Kaloo- o s t e i n specie at the office of Bishop &Coj Vhtenrirl wwentyliveyeaw, BMbopA:On.toview, this importajttwobject, it is ttm»4o • ^ f e w th« Moslem citizens of Oemaecos were found hung before tion for preliminary studies, and the more that definitive their own doors. "These are the first executionsouestions are now proposed to the government of the re-public. Men who have appreciated the rlobes of our sou, oity laos gloom deeper than before. Tbe few Mos.ems the mildness of our national manners, the working orour who bad opened their shops bav* closed them today.% Feb. IT, walked over (or the sweepstakes for three yearolds, two mile heata. Web. 13, won the Jockey Club MChcouer bills—twelve per cent being the rate of interest institutions, the good intentiou oT your Excellency, de- The Jews keep to tbeir own quarter*. Few OtristiansIbe American Oorami and sxlsSiofearleass* entirelynou- tral, and act only for their own protection aadeafstv ne Hr besitotiog to respond, however, to tha call oi nussav stty, frost whatever quarter.PAD gCBWa—THX JAFFA *KT*A6I. trniorT,Syria. August 11, tSJ*.Tbe excitement which prevailed last weak 00 aocoust of the announcement tbat a French army would sJOQland in Syria, leoeived a quietus ia the proclamation of the GovernorGeneral,who,with allthesangfroidcorseiva- ble, informed the public that tbe French troops wave coming bv tbo order of the Sultan, and consequently that so hostile demonstration woull be permitted so tbe part of tha Sultan's subjects. Wnile, how- ever, the Moslems affect to believe the French wil> come in obedienoe to thecommardof the Sultan,carry tbeir beads lower than formerly, and tritegreatly humiliated at the ilea of an occopatton of Syrta by franks. Damsrcus is stia in a deploiable ~About one thousand persons have been arrested by Paad PAcha, the gates have been olosod. aid aooao s permit- ted to depart usJessfewavails himself of the example of St. Paul, and tt* usmipllei of tbe guards, by let ting him self down tbe wail to a basket. Spies are every where ia disguise, sod sis* of the Dhmascus rebels wore arrested yesterday in Beyront by Moslems dressed a s Eoropeana.avutiTTbe r**1 watches btiweea Bclipne and B'uiry, in 1823, puree for all ages, three mile heata, beetiog John L , ay now t*id by the government. The Chamber of Commerce sire to put their band to the work. Direct proposition* appear in tbe streets to day. . The atooiem* are down-1 tfeiagwaa ea the tri MoSarsy a bat tbe pot cian annoi woman. S eight o'ekx jlartmabui Tfeedeee ratfearprei wtoads yesT»rit*tamtCourse,Los*Isfasd,asdbetweenFaahloB ChiWeHarrW,dambyGlencoe. Hehasthusrunten reporterInfavorofthemeaanre,andttwasprobablett navebeenaddressedtoas,demandsforinformationhare oast,andmanyofthemweeptof. Thewomenofthosefee was -afleriig from rheumatism, Jot Is .aaw_oii0 Btbe Held against Planet, although seme very heavy Sale ff Old Transit Company Property—The Last of the tinne the work of reformation undertaken by the founder* dred were sent away from the city with tbeir hands toeebaied among roLUctoas, lima "Which feorss is a i W t a havT been invented, the * * » * ' « * k j J J Belly n%i<pr*s--Cb»e*>2wn of tits Jaavbor—A^Mikey or the republic, and to remain faithful to their national wooueii yokes. Yesterday there were thirteen'hundred m-tng to win the $20,000 sweepstakes ea Tues- lail. A change, however has jmwjtaken place traditions. , . „ . nnder arrest. The Pacha is desirous to detatn the Chrts-jio iBqueaiThsteiej secscisgt by the BrI tadColoui knownto 1 l a d t o r ) , lfeWtoryof Colooei I turing theSouthern •srved wl yearlS49be was a t tjsoccupK Stockton.sVaringthe iwwrved •jfenriff of gemocrati\§hb he c jota Geaei been wltlRud In S counUble although1 Irr w'll r< superior < sretton.aMtoaragui CotoaeiBi kaaahialafewdes Vainly de gluomovi SUtoaani not far fnfelethat I Walker, aa** of tfe therefore •vent Iaslor cowarCol. B e received Stan, a n city for t courage,frequent! baps no t survived and in r waswoui America! geroue W' an 1 was 1 sooted du Chepulte; party to 1 fully wo1walls UAfter ti cer,beca retiremei Joined ^fought it fa every flicts of 1 spirit, H combatswas freq hiathigt Ret ..it Became: and waa rearoftwith a severely bats in 1 weretbe and whowas enc duranceNnsio' sal'' fcraid the day the: will be MondayA O D t opera, ' this setfavorite formancW:TTS for Mr Londonproduce* very slij the pur| hisfavo his traithe ar: termed1 theLepto the treasure colties. sniser 1 out theSad bar cb&un arc of tinhisr Mrs LU Tbe L"cA 3- - W a r LX 18th tm gunthev same. ^o*nott defer.ee prrport Lieut dutyat ately tcLieut Iteved: 4irecte< Sirge•d tod. portinThe r fantry.Stale*This equipp.rolled < Wood,Regu Broadv Thei to the .The I ters, NCisely. The t cesser) begga* Wedou BBory,iallfeag) qnired curatel owner'Corns eachpa scribed armory 1 Eachday next*" is discussed among racing men. tndPlanetisfreelybackedagalnttthefield.The i'eiitt—CssptoanPssa'*A'ewRente—RumorsofWalker— IwillfirstlyexhibitwhathasbeendonebymyPrede- trausandinducethemtogotothehousesfromwhichhe" r m r r ^ arrlvalTo/sporting mgoajal J**?** *? H. ihe •oa^wa Ptatt* the Inter est felt is equalij great, if tan from tbe South cauws speculation to be very ani-FalseAlarm—The CBftwlry cf Nicaragua on the Alert— cessors and myself toadvance this qwwtiou 10a practi- has driver tbeMoslems." „_».,.u ^e«J not more so, than in tr.is city, as the three horses matwi and the amount of money bet on the issue of the Walker Secretly Detirtd-Krrt San Cartot—lndU Rub cal resnlt, and then I will submit to your Excellency the The foregoing is ttte testimony of an eVtft'.'b gentle-rarew'aibe almost tnwedible. Planet is the favorite in her—Methods of Frtpartng—torttt Produce—Trade— conclusions it seems to me proper to adopt man whohas lemained In Damasos* doling the entire •tanged n it are all Southern horses. Planet is the equine New York, as he is considered a Northern horse, and re On tbe 22d of August, 1869, tbe government, by a olrcu-representative of the Old FXSeinl», Daniel Boone of Ken- •arded as the Northern representative. He baa also boats Enlistments—Iht Town—Court Solemnities, tte , dte. lar of the Secretary of 8 ate of the Interior and of Agricul- Information has also, I .earn, {boon received at theU .»)•, aa<i Congaree of aar.th Carolina, and eaeh State is saoa ly «*maatent of thews,perjor proweaa of it* champion and &M!tty to bear away in triumph this 'blue ribaa4 of tbe turf."of friecfls in VirglBia and part of Louisiana. North and South Carolina, Georgia, Florida and a portion of Ala- bama are en Congajfe to a m m ; while Daniel Boone is the genera! favorite in Tennessee and Kentucky, where he was bred sad raised, and In Lower Alabama, where he is owned. It will be seen that there is a. sectional prideinvolvedintheifsueofthisrace,andnumberswill,In Jury pastquite a time was made in the sale of old company property, or,more properly, the remains and wrecks of oM speculations lathe shape of steamboats.Tbe now old carcass of the once fine boat Ogden, whichture, made an appeal to all persons of our race who sufferfrom the prejudice of color. Hajti oSsrs thorn a refuge andfacilities to come and establish themselves among us.To agriculturists, particularly, they guarantee an imme-diate position in harmony with their peouniary position.They may become landed proprietors, farmers or laborers Two of tbem were those wbo attacked Vice Consul Mes-onhalves(amodiefruits), orbytbeweek. Thoseamong bakainhisownhouse,andwoundedbrimseverely upoathem who had not the means of paying tbeir passage tbe bead and arm. A t tw o o'clock P. M , one hundred baker who attempted to poison the Christians in the Cas-formerlypliedbetweenCastilloRapidsandtbelake,was l i s t of the respective pertornaaaoes of Planet, !\iaiel m their partiality for owners and localities, take aides knocked down. I vieted ber after the sala| and it grievedFuad Pacha Is going so energetically to bis work at 1av mascus. Heordered,lastweek,thaexecutioneftooA-«J*Ashortt;meagewepublishediatheHmumanac»*-:•• and roBgaree. and t ts only Beoersary at present sgaisst tbeir Judgment.The bost t'me ever made at four mile heats over theme to see her head on to the bushes rotting, but with would be received at tbe expense of the government.It was stated tbat the Immigrants would be excusedand ten of the Bashl-Baxonks or tbe irregxar Turkish tle, and tbe baker was ban .red Nine others have beena smali e\*r * the forehead. He meaenres about tfleen tbe race—"I thick Planet will run the first h«et in 7 30, sides now knocked out and rottmg on the beach, sold for themselves interested as from tbe friends of humanity. in Damascus again so long as the coontry is in thetwt-, and lacks rather long and lew than leggy. His and I think tbat just at the finish of it Boone will be a littleaheadof him. 1thinkBoonewill winthe racein Kites are large and his propellmf power is as food as two beats, Planet being the contending horse in eachtrer was teec _x.der a home ot his size. The beok sinews heat; but if the heats are broken, I unhestatiogly pro-IKO is txst rate has been aboam by the only practical g t s t - t i i r - . n B b g toormikbes4a\m|oea*Usne,wltboot Kilows lomend.' Planet carriesmuch*amtop hamper Unraree or Daniel »ooae,bu'. bin propelling ma-Fashion Course Hotel and on the grand stand before each race.and had received none. B y pledging h i s instruments h esand more.The French troop* have been pouring into the oomntrytfcfc don" it this capffal racer."•si f -f appearacos tn pi-bite was as a three year old,at >Vri.«:d Va. on theatb of May, 18M; be woo the aww •. •'• -e fw three yea.- e!ds, mile heats, tweaty-esjht «abeeribers, fl,OMeach, beating br.c. byYorkshire, i o* B nkey; V . e. by Albion, out of Berry'sconflict" en the turf. There are several other matches Greytown is becoming very shallow and filling with float- members of the settlements.The crowded harbor of Beyroutis daily becoming sure late for tbe hundred thousand sufferers. Food as thaNest j far bo besan «iarl>, -t 'i runninp as a three veir•iU i',.jBe*.ao ».-iiwrE lurfmer date their foals fromlb* 1.-'.-f *:ay:»£v-eJ of fromthe litot Januuy. At9arataail, Ji^uary -!,1-19. be won the sweepstakes forthr> j ;AT tf.-.t, atile hf.'.ts, beat'ng Locus. Ou January 7he jc d ;"-i..; x i t s s»*»?pataie3 tor three year olds, twosite a>?ais A: Ctarlestot. February 2, Planet was beat ceeded to the Indian camp without arms, with the excepten tj - 1 in the H .tchjwoa stakes, mile heats; Feb. 6, tion of a revover carried by Canneld. A tew days af- <•«cJc.'ia«intie 'aaeyOnbhandicap:outhe12thhebra: Ri'Di'e "•Arrow in a rtatch at twu uit'e heate, for terwards tbe musacre at Williams' ranch took place, andof tbe very few who have any confidence In them, and J, i think, the only missionary In Syria whe entartcins any hope ef tbeir civilization or oocven'on to Christianity. t is not surprising, therefore, that b e siiscld b e chari ably inclined toward the Druees, among whom be live*, and to whem he is indebted, perhaps, for safety dc.agfrigates and sbtn- of the ltee, and a large Frews* r.eet is daily expected.It may be hoped, therefore, that with more then* tewe of the largest class of easels of war of ail the Eurjpean nations, together with about twenty live thou- sand French troop-; on the land, Syria may be' kept qaat* unttl the five great fiuropeaa Powers shall dawlse swat* method by which this country may be saved from iataro massacres and delugea of bloodTh* Jafia outrage, committed about three years ago upoatbefamilyof Mr.Dixoa, hasbeen throwtent.rely in the shade by tbe matsaores that have been perpetrate* >'nee;butnotwithstandingthis,aad thetroubloust.aaes 1bat have fallen on us, the representatives of our govern- mentharecot beenIdle iademanding redressforoat- rages committed long before the war between the Mara- citesandDruses.a.,%ooas.Jr'a jd.b'e.KaroL21,PlacetwonthesweepstAKr t r>r three yetr ids, a l e beam, brating Eila Jloore;on *...• J?! 1. v ii-e-1 .vjf fr.r the Association aweepttak •> ."or thrso . :ar o.d». t*w mile beau. This closed paper above referred to relates what occurred to Can- Ui jK-jTL^atm sfrtanct:nkisthreeyearoldform,andBBABmrn,MountLebaaon,August1,1560. ABWBAI. Uaa-nx, H. B. ii. S. Murlborc:—Hire* t. ie i.*U, d sun.ing Frank Hickn. At Fa!rn«ld, were recognized aa bearing any resemblance to blmor At present the business of this place is very dull. the custom bouse unties thereon; but that machines, ways maliithii.i-d a neutral position and nev?r beec p'un ing and conversing with tbe Arabs of the vicinity, andMo. o tooer 3C, rktcet won a paras of edoo, for all ages, his known companions. A few days after the volunteers Thtre are no vessels in the harbor; an English man- agricultural instruments and useful effects shall be free dered or burned by either party. Since the summer of •M:••:mehius,be^licg;.acL.,byChildeHarold,dam ofwar,theGladiator,liesoutside,waitingordersanda ofduty. 18C4itbas,moreorless,beenoccap.edbytheSyria »j O'eiisoe. At the Aib'ind (Va.) fall meeting, O^toHer were withdrawn from Pyramid Lake, the regulars being relief. Her provisions are quite low, not having received That as to the exportation of products, no change wil mission, and for tbe last seven years by the misslcLsry J9. fisuot walked over for tee Jockey Cub parse of 1800, then stationed there, some of the latter discovered among supplies. Bread Is supplied from the town at twelve be made in tbe present custom house duties.one Bight the house was attacked and broken open the women were outraged, sad in the meles tbe husband of tbe eldest daughter, a Prussian named Stsiofeeck, * Jed, tbe property was stolen and tbe family ruined.After many attempts tosecure thereal criminals,th* Consul at Jerusalem only succeeded in arrest xp partis* designedlyputforward bytheauthoritiestoscreenthe guilty. Ihe case was finally transferred to the Consul at Beyrout, who ferreted out tbe guilty parties'ard brought fourofthemtotrialandsecuredtheirconviotton. They werecoidemnedbythePortotohardlaborforlifeat Acre.and about livethousand piasters forSSOO) indemnity war offered for their tosses. This indemnity and verdict Mr. Consul Johnson refused to receive as aatisfac- tcry, and Colonel Williams, our ambassador at tbo Porte, protested against such an inadequate punisb- ment. Tbe case was finally adjourned over cntil tbo murderer of tbe Prussian, Mr. €teinbeck, might be arrest- ed. 7ime sufficient having elapsed to show tbe impossi- bilitv of arresting a black slave who had escaped to the Bedouin* in the interior, justice has finally beeaaccorded, and another verdict bas been given at tbe demand of tbe American authorities ia Turkey. Tbe last and final ver- dict is to the following effect —lor ai: agt s Ibur mile heat%.Tna: yaar, 1S«0, "Saret, on tbel4Vh Januai^, won thei«fi'ji^ foraliages,fourmilebeam,distancingArthurthe cotton woods, below where the Indian village hadstood,andneartheplacewheretheTruckeeemptiasiatocents per pound, baked in hard cakes; they also come ashore for whist ey, &c. There have been some rumors of GeneralWalkerbeingnotfaroffthisp/ac<?;andwhenthetbat tbe cordial reception given at St. Mark to tbe Louisiana emigrants by our people, so naturally hc?pita bit,wasaprod ofthecordial receptiontoreserveforfamily cow resident here, as a station of the A. E. 6 . 1 . M. During the third week of May last, m a strong order issued by the Pacha and the fsyior makcm, Addressed totbeDrose "overnora inItemocntaiD.for the <fllcient protection of all the American missionaries in their respective districts, we saw tbe &rsl rocagnized permissionof governmeat for a civil warbetweentbe DrusesandChristiana Weknewtheirmutaalanimosi-4. :. :i n Uie irst beat. At Cha/iestoc, February 1, he the lake, tied to as many trees, the bodies or charred re Captain of the Gladiator ordered a night exercise at tbo those wbo may subsequently arrive.won .he .'jckej Cub pnrae of $l,s00. far all ages, four ante ':-»u, agan Jistan.ing Arthurkfaeon Inthelirst heat •: Aug:eta,Ga,February16,Planetwonthemams of fever men, who had been burned to death. Twoguns, between twelve and one at night, at thesouud of thefirstheavygun thetown wasalivewithSambos,Ja matcadarkeys,Nicaraguans,&e,oremiorados,astbeTbat nothing shall contravene the religious scruples of therewhoregarditasadutytoabstainfrom alloc;upa tioaontheSabbath. Itispropertostate,ho*ever,thatorthreehadbeenfastenedtothetreeswithlogchains,> <f/ ?!.b pores >f aV.30,for all-ages, three mile heats, and the;.<« bad been entirely burned from them tbe government calls those who are exiled. Stme exclaimed, the monthly review of theNational Guard has been held ties, hereditary antipathies, bitter retaliations, and thesad the lower part of his frame Lad been consumed, with the evident design to protract ausccptibllity to pain till the bones were charred; bat the upper part of tin chest, the arms and shoulders and the head were entire—even the grlni military whiskers worn by tits victim were unS$nh 1 su.Jted in toe second. After thai a match was singtd. Further description and detail have also beeu In tor 1 a. y made bstween Plaaet and Daniel Boone for furnished, but t i e revolting hideonsness of tl- • picture tX,0O0 a a ie: but t fb!! through, In ccasennenoe of forbids elaboration Suffice it that the evidence leaves tothe friends or Mr. Canneld and his companions no possireato^s :VJ.- state! by Messrs. DneweiT, In a letter to the blllty of dcubt as to his identity, and the horrible pro standard, except it be in the heavy belt of some old du- serts his country in the time of need loees forever his Sheiks; but tbat the Sheiks, challenged to fight, encidThree '*rs ^Rervard (lanet was started in tie Crescent^osutaic-Ss'gm*.the t ^*we mile beats, against Daniel Boone and '. star.usg the betting was two to one against . r. ?!ans», nevertheless Daniel Boone won easily'o v. 0 straight haaU—PAset being third in the Srst sadEM*.*- biJi ws recently pub.ished. Ie the forth cess of his and their death.Mi,:i' kr»*- r-:c JBtheiethinat.(whichisasweep- Theremainsofthevictimsof this terrible deed weret u l < e 1 ai S6taoo sash, three subscriber*, with 03,000 all carefully interred in one grave, beneath a large cotton- addeJ 7 -.r ' pre. rietor (.•' the Fashion Cjurje, Sir. Henry wood tree near the spot on which they died, by the sol-Onto-' ^wst,asa beeyear old,willhavetocarry diersnnderCaptainStewart- Whether theywaremade 114 its g'r'ng 10 be. frr the year to Hooae and Coa- the bloody offering to the demon of war, on the-formalalltheoldgarrisons deserted. FortSanCarlos,atthe g»r-.-«,'aJi.:'>fo-ryearoidr.andwillconsequentlyeach preparelionofthePahliestoattackthewhites,or ^ll,iifth5,fk.e.'l8tani*** STM"*fashion,aidthereThegovernmentwouldnothaveregardedhistaskas villsges; and one hundred and fifty or two executed.staa of to/gad jwpers, which escaped detect! m by the year Spanish authorities. He seems to have had plenty of be.u.Sixstarted«a£Liadorn,ijyLexington, money,txd,soonafterhisarrival,hesoidaquantityof tvuoe,WOO. AtWx>**wr,Ssntzeky,oJtober silverbarstoamerchantoftheplace,who,dosinogto10,000 persons could be immediately domiciled in Haytiwas >va;or it t^ekwtt Tt ^uee ^take tor threea-dt-.eby-5J W ,J,»bySj•rtSl\-' thetreasure,andthemoneyforwhichhehadoldit, Rica,andontheroute1wUleadeavortcollsntaSXJwhich would unduly lengthen this article, this part of thereport would be ununited to the columns of an American Hundreds on each side were engaged a!! dsy. The Hrr-s^g Truraac Berkwif.'i 287,000 •fobu H. Mas * . . . . •P.-.900V*V £* £*\J**\' «T«absr 3, £e won the gfon*ntioa a. will be unefal and «uitXco'luCS-0of8Uthe 3x>ty -Tub-^roa, twexelle newts, beatttg Ee«tT.aad and months and months elapsed, but the bark never ap- HERALD.IheardanofficerintheCostaRicaservi««•>»th..K.Wm. ?. PuHoc; 2S7.fiOOKarjTjie ..s-dF.rdsaa.her. AtMob>*»A!.V»m. pearedatherportofdestination,butbasdepartedfor ki'eh 15 1SO0, wor J» Oamjbey aswAtoao twi climtsunknown. ThecaptainalsodrewabillonRasseli, Stirg*e &Co . of Mania, for $2,400, which they did not an- - «*•-" =2« ,hsa«, reauig NiAoAaT* Th- see tit ;Qhonor, ace! thus this arch swindler afflnted an-jouinet. Thereportconcludesbyrecommending,first,tbenomithricerepulsedthemselves,succeededatlastind^virir backtheChristianstotbevineyardsof7ahl*b. Aadsir from the aforesaid Tuesday, May 29lb, wLen w e raw and'Tboa.P.Zm'VrtSamuelG Arnold23-:W Thos.A.Jeackes.. H9,0ovtattar a*rr*t 1CI wa.. nxm s« rba. At tts Ma- etber ss.ccessf.t' fraud. To crown ail, he arbitrarily aw u.ne-a«xg u^tlaf,Ajn.J.wonttheCreseec;?oststak« charged anumberof hiscrew at Betang, wbj,b«iafIbm. F. Hopr a andCsyesasportsofdisembarkmentforemigrants,with andflamesofthisgreatconfagrstiooccntinualyos-ecd ' Itsaisi .aine....thepowerofadding PortdePaix,Mtragovoine,Jeremie, me vitlege after another, as thesmoke of a'•-r-ace~ Hc-ra'it,... smv.r.AqninsodJacmelincaseofneed;third,tbenomination towardheaven;wbiieItextendedfromTrumanr fe1 bougrht and of two inspectors in the north and south of Hayti, for capita! of the Christians, southward to gidou, oastwed to Asa PierceC1P0O0JtrLXage*.,:* »:.'•netts,^eat!tf Planet,byr.^er-7 throwntipon mehandsoftheAlcalde,tbat functionary and anewaauSgma,ty.".«...-:. Tatsd*fsaiofr^ane*waaaur-bated fc%dwri'tentoConsulQriswoldatManila,intimatingthatever,otherweek,brin,lng S^TSrJ^dn^SfsiXalhanie!8ishcp.: i::,aw soa.sdo Alexander P.Adis 110,000201.940 James1Rhoies..tjis r...-cJa;»;1«.*.tc.hsUvJtdrunaseverefoar logwocl,hidesandtkin8sasUillTf 2 «. t iJ. :•••»,,-At cart, i. -£-J sa:at3 mdtAtng, asd tb*y ie should take the first opportan'ty to seeB them up to n"r«.i h « - .~ 7| , ~I Acn-<?.i-« .: rstrievotieatarassbybsatmg gjooe bep-Acedaiderhiscareandcharge.H ,"J?*11to*48ofAbby B. Watson.. I0'.f,7o0C«.rs*.-j-j«ru^eMieofhx:ra:owMr.Paf-ion.aeis caaa ii*. V'-*''- aesMfi.Mo descrlSeia»Seicg-«fli to r»sa tn^v\^^^,H°C TM- ^ it taken place half a cen-1*1,100Sam'lBWheato-. 102100101.S0Olot s.•„.ca lit."I r. :.£f-rg tc Sfr. HiCattS Pcryair, is i»y imp.afJdlSwoedbyMecarefc,graniano**ca:oby Ac. ,«e, ir At i -tiijur M.i>A TP-JS^ "Oct biatrat'ta ; <a :> >.-d tkrac«t. Irttpo-last week for the States on sees are oured by naval vm»el$, and tbe He leavat in his placeEH*/* E Boger« 177,300100.700 1O0.CWit.-JrixctMJi.,^,wiu,,ma ta"'ret-.-;.I,t>:Mf'nneoso- ordinaiis*(arete) ofPresidentGefirar1,decreeingthedivisionsoftteChristianConsulsintheopp-.»'!ains'ruoHOLSaudideasofpolicyIAlts,forthewidpanties*andpelfHb lusts of our falien nature minting ja taj SJ-UOBO the mirancbaly cvur-r-uce . ..-re eimiied. PJ« w-jmat,la.'•*..i:e.*-se,Uk>ailefUuskf-ktaferns:bjs'nee*hartwt.«iisre:ninvwiedgeofThaunfre^aeuteahorses,pigs,cbictena,acInuiaaypartsrarxiainaatTh.•»-'•.£ ;i iix'"-.fc^ard-easkias,r>od?-.ib.1*4>,.,'»eac af i*«al*-, acty..*hsti,nd.,jg «iw wn tc •aesjud ten. ^:Maree w:> s * At3»V*iiUA», l^«.;«!», j»a. L l t t ' "':r '• \ stakes .or twe yeai curat, w.H; c a . t l^-"»!u?i;>'a\xb,_bpmoVert*i»,-T.•>»->-»>v.-."U n1 8 B t i ! 11TM*' ladncemente g von to Lrbatic.n is laid waste. Damascus. Essbei.ys, Deir c! *»«*»»***aveKcmr,Zableb,andtwohundredo-'hPr*.:WBEend 10Sfr.C./.DSV.JS.TB.igail.tAT,anduKu.i<je;«-.rlj*e-%(gbt, food 8feea*tcrv..t«aA<M antfi^n^yW*"*1**aaftan, *jja host andThereportiajggnedbyF.Jn.Joseph,Secretaryof theStored here to h p t«J*^,*JiTitot*tb*r't,li"*l»eof the most remarkable beard thatabWtfeomsgLnTm^jZ^naaa«1Dex'jtrr. TV'ra J KinjL-inoooo104600 103 aoo?p followed the flaest ia town, and is distinguished bv thL S ? i a bLsuiy o a a Railroad Trata.Mtea, Trawp, B*ci- Aa- btea arrested. ^ A* VZ Vfl^ *** » " *» "at yet stripts, underwhieh thie natitvres *«a2the.„r V.1L11"?"?,L"i'Z**^? " ^d port.Ui'vS ^ i J: .«_„.>*»%, W> -.beirest <-5f''j* r*rsr 'setcfviiafcrr tfestt*«ii"^^-T*f el»j»ecJ«iacethefirst Thisplaco,thoughsua Jlt...... p*-. i- " t '"ixv, Xrasba acdeitaiw atraic xi MOO4 m that xoeti'yT "'=Ti :j ah*» thSr^w , ** pohtos. consulsofnear'-v ailtfcerw£. „?*** forwarded tothe ithasa CourtHot.*e,aFreemason's lodxeamTaiiAles, for Lebanon and ail Syria! AJas, fcr the ab»?nco rf lb* wtsu-rn tra^n over tbe Baltimwe and Ob 0 i.*:iroad ail govtrtmeot at such a tioae • Aas, ;hr the onrra-totato was totie?d yefierday by te;^-,*^. The bxfy wrsttrdaymornmg,whe.e.dunonaJfactsconnected*th intie«windingportionoftbeSecretarysreport,he »i.lcirrurxrtatcesofthisunmercifulwar!:rewrctfe<j vhrseEt.'Ue.fiooi-itUi.-;.i.err«sse«fio,.-*-*eascer-vs-'«bereoughttobe,doubtless,stillfurtuerGaiAlmightyhasfallenuponthegoo'lvscoot*n •alnei.toi>3PaajyL>:ta,wastb*w:eofWm.r'Byte* * ? * « " « • »ud a vice, ah-uM tecctnew.tbxthe*hS5L.^*«"*» ranches 0i*aacrierstandsatthedoorandshoutstoa» ?£?£BsaaiD.]Cswicx orfecaaxAitTOFS u n , o? TBXI«T«IOK1r ^ f FxvxOBj%*yr>, August23, lS*uAlas' for tbe poor Christiaas. Th* heart it wrung with pity and compsssion when toe earnvans enter the d t p of almost nothing. The deck covering brought fifteen dol- which enabled us to throw afar ofl a ray of civtliza ion. narrow escapes from the Druses while in ths in- Beyront. with the poor/denuded, starving Christians, rid-steamers Cass-Yrisarri and Catharine Maria, after bravingonly a general enunciation of generous Intentions. Sub- cause be assured their chiefs that tbey were mistaken in or walking barefoot over the mountain roads. Some ofnounce Planet tbe winner, Boone distanced."The favorite mode of speculation in these races is byso follows:—Before the race a gentleman who officiates as about the river. Their fate is told, and now the viajante .replies.,Mto the gr«at strength end power of the *rana g fsar' for 0350, and Congaree for $3o0, the actual value of tbe more luccessfully than a Belly, and without such political order, all the legitimate wants of aa advanced venting them from carrying tbeir purpose into execotion.helew. Itis QOwonderthat he hasbeen al'etowin poolis$1,200,andthefortunatepurchaserofthe winning society. In making known its disposition*, itwasin Hefoundhundreds ef bodies in a complete state of races e ith aa-b a frame lor with a good sound internal horse receives that amount If Daniel Boone or Congaree sshemes as Frenchmen only can get up. By tbe reply to questions proposed; meanwhile all the points of preservstioo, end the widows and orSSSBB children woreshould prove the winner, the purchaser for his $550 by, the last oi Monsieur B.'s emigrants or chef detail were not examined; they were enl'ghtened. Our still weeping over their slaughtered friend*. He distri- ergnouAt.cn, anybody would onfallis1a horse like Planet receives $650, exclusive of his own money. Toe Interior state is little known abroad; we judged it neces- buted among them about twenty thousand piasters, andeugbi to r .a for a week.' That bis internal organiza sales of pools will take place each day of the races at the dingenieur? has left this place. He was without money, sary to dissipate all doubts which might exist in the prevailed on Fuad Pacha to seed tbem one hundred thou-ef Lis Kiit lera are apparently aa big as the can- sen bones, and tA hocks and knees are Tory large. The avian* lions bis blp bone to his book is very great, sad his cartels arefalofmusde. HiBneck isstraight aiMjveand below. Oneofthemost noticeable features at-out him is the apparent lightness of everything above,safely the perils of the ocean, foil into tbe hands of cap- what ts termed "pool betting." The modus op«-and» is tains who formerly were carpenters, and knew but littlesequent relations with men well disposed have called our tbe ldt a that England would sustain tbem in tbeir pre- attention to points of detail which it was useful to ex- sent policy. In reply to their assertions that tbo KugUsh amine, and to which it became necessary to fire precise and tbe Druses were brothers, he coolly informed themthem I knew. I had seen tbem in tbeir beautiful homes, rolling in every oriental luxury, and had enjoyed their bountiful hospitality. Some of tha women were beauti- ful, btit now what wrecks of humanity they are. Seve- ralweeksofconfinementtotheenclosureofthecastleof Damascus,and exposuretoHiebeat of tha midday Sy- rian sun, and the dews of night, have reduced thesa to mere skeletons. The gold plate which covered their ta- bles, the magnificent drapery of thsbr apertoaents, their lewels,theirgorgeouscostumes,areall gone; th*gurg- iing of their fountains is heard no more, asat the feeautl- fni gardens, and the marble sourto, bawo psaw^frosnfes- fore them. Clothed hi rags, bareheaded sad barefooted, tbey cry for bread and pray for shelter aad protection. Mothers know not yet the fate of their children,aad fatherless children are runniBg to aad fro inquiring fartheir parents. Sad scene' sofob*of want aa* misery, It makes tbe heart bleed. The Relief Oosasalttoe feeds about two thousand of the starving every day; bat their sup- plies are exhausted, and unless subscriptions cosso in quickly from abroad, these poor persecuted people mustauctioneerannouncesthathewillcommencesellingpools.AnImaginarysum,ofsay01.000,Isfixeduponastheva-lue of the pool, and the horses are put up in rout'on. Inthis rate, suppose Planet is sold for $500, Daniel Boone here te fill up the rivers and turn them from tbeir courses serious guarantees to all. Tbey satisfy, as well in 01vil as wsy. And bis Algcrine guard bad great difficulty in pre-day of the meeting, being a match for HO,000 betweenMr. Morris' Northern hoise Prophet and O. P. Hare's twelve feet water at high tide; it will in time get shallowthem there was found some of excellent quality, and that the laws authorized us to se>l tbem.Ibat the price of them was moderate.Tbat at different points tbe extent was so great tbatZouaves will complete the hrst detachment of six thou- sand of the French army, designed for tbe occupation of Bytin.nerv ta in no wine iaierier to look at. The temper of Southern horse Oysterman. Tbe latter horse is noted for er, as now the body of the San Juan river makes a shorthaving beaten Col. Hall's (of this city) Annette Hall in a out via tbe Colorado, which will perhaps eventually swal match for $10,000, while Prophet is iauted for having wonBeyrout has sssumtd tbe appearance of a Fren^c g a mson, and • the •• Immense amount of stores landed by the die of starvation.the boit* la uanitestij good, though he betrays a sort ofnnpeiK-nce aa J eager for the fray. He still bears the tbe New York Hotel Handicap and two other races of two low it all, leaving this place with no port but an open able to establish themselves thereon.whocomesthis wayandascendstheriverinabungo will see how usefully American enterprise is brought outminds of foreigners.obtained a passage to New Tork. Tbe harbor is still as itAnother very interesting race comes off oa the third was some time past; on the bar there are not more than of thecountry demesne lands in large tracts: that among very rapidly, and tbe expected arrival of fifteen hundredstars o the r a t e received when Exchequer got loose mile beau and one mile beats at the Fashion Course sum- roadstead, excepting it be removed to Indian river, or the That to each of these groups sites would be granted, au n u u j e o ban, but happily no material damage was mer meeting. This match will be regarded with interest, business all flows to Blewflelds Tbe whole bay fronting title guaranteed for the establishment of schools and comply with the conditions of the Oonvanticn and evacu- Relief Cjtamittee. and many noble names are upoa tbeIt increased the honorable position of the government, bands of the Moslem power. H e h a l several varyThegovernmentdeclares,firstofall,thatanabsolute submissiontothe lawsof thecountrywas thechief of conditions Liberal ani republican, these laws offerthat they were no longer considered by the Eng'isb as brothers,butaswildbeastsandworsethansavages. He afterwards overheard tbem intimate that he .asan enemy of the Druses and had better be pat out of theThus tbe government sail tbat it possessed in all partsgroups of a hundred to two hundred families would boas bringing tne North and South into an "irrepressible chapels, whatever might be the religious belief of the ate the country in six months. list. Relief will undoubtedly corns, hot It may come tooandsweepstakestoberanforatthismeeting,forparti- culars of wbich we refer our readers to our advertising columns, under the "turf" heading.InterestlBsj from tha Psaelflc. OCR SAX FRANCISCO CORRBSTOKDRXCB.the Stalt—Adventure* of the Pirate Bark Messenger down the coast. When be about Monkey Point, was here, so great Bird—CaptainPunches?OperationsinthePhUUppinewastbeexcitement, thatthepeopletriedcrowded. ThearrivaloftheDutch,theSardinianand the Austrian fleets were anconnced by the usual saluting cannonade, and toe Spanish 1e*t is expected ne it weak.earn;br•"LJ'rrcgac,outof(j«it!p<n,andbr.e.byChildeBiro.ii. <tm-T. by lenooe. Ee was set then named, bat Indian Atrocities in Washoe—Seven White Mm Burned at left little baa been saidran as the ^ . . b y Hereaue, out of Sine by Boston. A t Br«e*".xt-'a.MayIfbepa'dforfeittnasweep- aaakes vr tn/•>» yt«r okas. At Petersburg, May20,he ran tn. t- .'lanet. winning the Aewmarket States for thrjer'«r-••i9>«'*beats, twentrIresubscribers,attl ,ssO f* ;a, reatirf DotweH's filly, 'oj Glencoe, out of St mar7 '? Hai^lr.; riajsi next paid forfeit in a swoep-TUB 8TOBT OP AN AMXBICAK MISSIONARY. BBYKorv,Syr'a,Anguet14,1800.SAWFXANOISCO,August27,I860.isnotwithout itsexcitements.Since CaptainPirnhasfarmers, as interested on shares (that is, paying one half making the heart sick. tbecropasrentforthefarmbouseandmanufactories), ItisexpectedthattheDrusecampaignwillfaerj-rafter or as day laborers; work, of which the profit would ena- tbe settlement of all difficulties n fawanon*ble them in a short tune, if men of economy and goodconduct, to become propnet >rs.That,further,thepublictreasurywouldpaytbepas-sage of this class of persons at tbo rate oi 15 piastresheartyresponseallover thebroadStates01America- Felix'Apprehension* are sow entertained tbat upon the arri- val or the French troops, which are expected to morrow. theDruseswillputtheirthreatiatoexecution,and musacre the twenty thousand Christians BOW i* their power,beforeSeeingtotheinterior,wheretheyhopstoatrocious massacre, the particulars of which are given inmixed feomethat he had in a pouch with the earth they tair« i r *.v -it J°V oKs two mile heats, for which of Norman H. Cinfield, of Butte county, who left Mine's were washing Of course when they reached here every- SoMJ'Lf *-itedivw On^:tober23,atBroadR»;k, CrossingoftheTruckee4thoflastMay,withtheinten- bodymeatgoofftothegreatdiggings. But.unfortunate- PUnet **J**l : ? « fjr a parse for ait aarcs, mile heati. tion of visiting Winnemuoca, tbe Chief of t i e Wasboes, ly, the secret leaked out, and the subject fell flat. Mon- key Point ought to be the route from the Atlantic coast. It will do away with all river travel, and the loss of steamaoats will be less, they beiag on the lake. It is said that Capta.n I'.m bas gone to England to obtain as- sistance to carry out his plans, and the San Juaneros are awaiting his return. That this route would bo betterosje year ia the republic. Bev. Mr. Benton, wbo is a devoted «t:s?'ci)a''y of tbe That the exercise of all religions was protected by our American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions,feiws,andthatournationalmaimersguaranteedanun- Ifenfte 1 tolerance to all beliefs.That tbe formation of commercial companies existing in other countries was authorized by our laars; that those laws recognized societies with a collective name, without the necessity of preliminary authorization, anonyunos societies, with the approbation of ihe statute* by tbe govenmtnt.at his camp, near Pyramid lake, and endeavormg to obtain from him permission to mine for silver without molesta- tion. The expeditionists, with the view of inspiring con- fidence in their friendly sentiments, very unwisely prolagisland!,whichbecomedetachedabovebyrains,andafter reaching still water take root. They now form athick morass, and boats cannot go into them. There is aTbatontbeirdechtratiJBofintentiontobecomeHay- tlens and renounce all other nationalities, the emigrants would have tbe right of purchasing lands.principal thingneeded nowtosustain life,batwhen cold winter appi ouches they must have eJotbingand shelter, ae well as food. Will there be so relief commit- tees formed hi Boston, and ether targe cities of tbe UnitedStates? Ibelievetherewill,and that tbeappealin staking out theirTbat to honest laborers, vigorous but poor, wbo might Six mors British and as many French Mae of-battle ships notbeinapositiontopurchase,itwould givealldesira- are also expected. Westill hope to seeasAmericansmallchannelleftopenthroughwbichthemerchantsherelighter their goods to the ships half a mile off. This place ble facilities for obtaining remunerative work, either as fleet, or one man of war at least, to prevent hope deferred in behalf of so many thousand victims will asset with ato outdo each otherThe author of the following letter, rr Americar. mission- aryinMountLebanon,basbeer,withhila.i.'.lj,tetteIslands—Frauds in Silver Bars and Bills cf ExJiange— Kewtfrcm the Sandwiih Islands,«%., &•:.Tbe Washoe tribe of Indians recently committedansearch for geld; they staid away for some time; but one That oil the immunities which other citizens of the re- letter to tbe British Admlxai, cannot fail to iatares: A<n?r - a Sacramento paper. The victims constituted the party of the party, to make the others believe gold existed, public; «'i-.;> > will be accorded to them after a residence of can readers.(Americandollar)foreachadultmanandwoman,andofgrounds and possessions m tiempo, Btfore this eightpiastresforeachchildof lessthantwelveyearsof midstofbattles,Oreandblood,duringthemcurta'cwsr, cludejast.eeandtheir pursuers. Happily several regi-theywtre hoaxed bysome parties whowent down to age,orsged personsoversixty. ardhisexperienceasd tbe informal:GEcontainedinhismentsofthetwenty-five thousand French expectedare Zouave*, wbo will be able to follow the bloody Druse to his mountain fair, and wreak vengeance upon tbe mur- derers of ten thousand Christians.than the one now out of use no one can deny. It passes That under the empire of this legislation companies ihe mountain war. The American mlsafansrias through- through a fine part of the coast, and opens upon the low might be formed aa well for tbe exploration of mines and out Syria bare been treated personally with much respectborders of Lake Nicaragua, being in a straight line to the gold land of Cbonieles. With a good road from tbe Point, suitablefor horses or stages,and connecting with fine steamers bavirg the comforts of those wbiob ply on our own lakes, it would b e delightful. From them take t h e track at V.rgin Hay, and be in San Juan del Sur In three bours,andthentakethesteamerforCalifornia. If this is the route to be opened by the English orAmericans Ihope itmayb»donesoon,andforests as tbe establishment of manufactures. by those wily politicians, the Druses in order to obtainThat we have no patent tight laws, but tbat the princi- their influence in the day of reckoning :—they must likewise be so, and flourish in a day and die. the country when they seefit;yet the Haytien who do would be trust acceptable to all the Druse a-Kals and1. The unarrested criminal, when taken (for the accom- pflsbmeat of which no efforts will be spared), to be pun- eno, wbo, perhaps, waq once an Indian cattle driver I quality of citizen. The emigrants who may not desire to never ask for it, however deslrab:'; 1might be. Bet, isheii by tbe infliction of the extremes! penalty of theheartbatfore:gncrsandwhitepeople areleavingUrana remaininHajti will be at liberty to reembark, but BiasforLebanon! the warwass'ready began. Itccm law—viz,death.da. finding it impossible to live with any security and those whose Introduction into the country shall have menced about ten A. M of tbo --me Jay, three hours 2. The four prisoners now in irons at Acre are to be re- beiag liable to gross insults. All the rivers are open been st public cost shall not bo permitted to leave until beyond us, at tbe White Back mountains, between moved to Oonetaatinopte, where they- will be impr aooed•fterthreeyearsresidence,oruntilthey repay theex- the Christians from Zaleh—two thousand ia num- forlifeatbardlabor,unlesst»ieircrimeshallhereafterbe pense which they occasioned to the government. ber, more or less—coming sp to barr the Drrse rejarded as meriting death, ia which case they w-.ii beThe society of tbe land is immoral and low: there is noall tolls aid duties are collected. <•«««»* complete if It had not collected tbe most circumstantial huLdred gathered to oppose them and defend their own Theheadofgovernmentisasbadlyabasedhereasitis foci* on everypoint relating to thisgravequestion. country. During the*ameafternoor another batdof i.r Vi :ng; and. from a visit to him yesterday, we can a mystery. L e y died—died the most terrible of all at home, and 1am sure well deserves it all. There is now After receiving the order of your Excellency, I addressed, Christians, several hundred in number, froi.s the North,-a.-ry 1C-. b<t Planet is now at the stables adjoining the3 A c indemnity of twenty five hundred dollars to tbo familyofMr.D:xonaadtbewidowofMrSteinbees.At last that stain of the Dixon tragedy has been re- tocik -r!;., suttethi.', he JE = the finest possible condition. deaths wbi:h it is possible for the imagination to con some excitement herealwut India rubber. Some parties on tbe 20th at March last, a circular to the commanders of came do.v-n upon Beit Mlroat five P . M .,V the north .est moved from the American escutcheon. We still hopewere doomed to avenge the Slain of the tribe who subse- r&eban.-.rae,orderthecareofhisexperiencedtrainer. quentlyfellinbattle,will mootprobablyforeverremainraw-. JCI ix-one, :wned by Messrs. CottreU k Broadnax, oeive. Canfleid was from Cambridge, Washington county, have come from the Pacific, and are going to Btewttelds tbe arrondissements and the councils of the communes, aby'•-'.nitrn,thece.eb-stedIburmiler,outofMagsolt NewYork, where his familyresided when hecameto totryandgeta monopoly. Everybodyfothistownhai Instructingtbemtoinformallthepopulationsoftbecoun- b, icpcrtei Sienooe. lexiagtoa, whose four mile time California in 1848. He was about thirty-three years of a piece of rubber, stretcning, palling, smelling, examin- try of ihe condition of men of the African race abroad,ing, for eachoi 7 1^,, bas sever been eqaalled either tc England or ia sge at the ;.tne of Lis death. ' party, you must know, bas some^reat and to ask from them an energetic co operation in theof UP, in. foil view of Beyrout compelled the i.fty Uresesresiuent tntre to retire" TMa burnea **&?!£torse*awlother hamlets and isolated dwellings eTiae Dri*?* ift *«^atneighborhood. In the course of the aigtt following &J-tcoAt a'l the Tillages in tbo Metro district, rf a mi**tipopulation at the north of us, were set on ire, Dramas ex3 X » « S « « d M e n o r , a W w * * Qt P i ovtdeno*. Christian neighbors mutually contending or tbe victory.InthisterriblenightconflictwehoarThatonlyu-ewper-ibie txntry, was f-red by tie recowned Boston; be by secret abont its preparation. The people have got event that a great number of persons should resolve toT tso eon, he by fr iroay. and be by the imported It will be remembered that last year, says the A&t, a mania, and they hardly know what they t*lk take op tbeir abode in Hayti. The circulars havs> beenhtrse ; m-.-i, # t : WC«Dthe first Derby race on record in the cews was received here of the swindling operations of about. It is rubber, rubber. I heard some talk of mix made public, and the responses they have called forth17S0. On the das, g side Daai^l ttocae is equally well Captain Punches, of the bark Messenger Bird, whose frsu mg biscuitstwith certain portions of India rubber milk testify the most lively sentiments of fraternity. Extend-hred.at.!eaJOOtu3ueofiheiasieetandstoutesthorses dnlentappropriationoftbecargoofcoffee inbisvessel, andwatertofeedthoseawful Yankeeswithwhocross ingtotheadministrationoffinanoe,intheircapacityofThe following list of person* comprise a'l that are as- V£2lL&e CltrofPf0*Menccfwproperty amv.>oi.ngDJL'b-. bg'-isc turf. He w a bright bay. with a smali while on the passage from Rio Janeiro to the United States this way^ should it so happen again. Everybody hereis managers or the national domains, this correspondence rots on both tides were killed. Iha next naming, to SIG0.C00 and upward*. The whole raleatroo of thea* - z the forohead, the ntxr hind heel white, and white was the subject of general comment. He deviated from which bas been carried on rapidly, and of which it is only ^e.lnbsdaji,May SO. after a sleepless i-lght, wt'le . as -'** ia M8,131,W0:—rngsaruvnJtheeo»on?tsforward. Hehascapital hiscourse,andwasnextbeardofatValparaiso,andsub- suspectedtobeanIndiarubberman,anaisexactedto pcs'lble,Mr.President,tosubmittoyouasynopsishas withmyfamilyengagedinDivineworrbp,t.ewhs'e .-Je\.Duncan...S2,14».t)00 Abra.B.Dike....1175,200ar...'.j-t,aimenseiyionganimiiscuiararms,withex- setuentlyatTthitljandPetropolovski,afterwhichhedis- stretchawfully IheIndianshaveamettodtfoo givenusproofofagereralgoodwttl.Herethereare populationofBhamdunjwithfewexceptionsuuUt.en:y JohnC.Brown. 760.700Wea.Grosvenor...170.200-traord.aar/ propeTLis; pewem. He stands full sixteen appeereu, and nothing more was known of him, nave that agulating the milk immediitely; they use a oertatsTwild offers of public subscription; there tbey wish to chargerushed towards my horse, crying, •Tl.o C•uses'are upen Robert H. Ives .. 740.300 Telly D Bow en... 168,6001*itti. fa"dertjgatthemm*T'lase,SactenV»21.hesrrtvv-ufrom,butheappearstohavebeenintossestSmTo?MI',^\ ^lplantainsana7.d e 8 i r e stodevolopethewoikedonshares,fromwhichwejudgethatatleanS&3 400 290,700Bichard J. Arnold.C a r f fflB n ( ! ro rl t d vine, which has a curious sour smell when lUtivtnted on *° ° °° * * *J'P P * * *be pro adding some the milk collects into a ball, and is takenoutthemselves with care of a certain number of persons- In a n i n f i n i t y o f p l a c e s t h e y w i l l g i v e ( r e n t ) l a n d s o n h a l v e s -us!" It was a false alarm. Determuied, .:' possib'.e, to restore cotCdeice anil save the village, ot condition that c J o n e s h o u l d g o t o w a r n o r l i r e a g u n i n B L a a j r l u u \ , i ' h o ' •Moses B. Jenkins G e o r g e H a l lhands i ^ L aac, i s iTs K B W ; bone and clear musculara o w r t r a n - - . , • r i k j a g l y r e s s m b i f s b i s s i r e . A n o b l e r o rnaadr jL.-?r Lirm mnaat >e witnessed, and be lecto—»L*t11aaei-rove-hlmseli"tobe—ttharjughra-ehorse.Ee CLC: h.ktrs: ippei-sn;e, when a three year old, at £ ^ £ r 4 3 ° r ! e w , 0 d , r c e , T e d ^vleea fwm Bataaf, one th ng-namely, getting tbe milk hard. Tne woods ofLtix4t-r,Ky,Maj«,igso,andwasbeaawiathea*- oithePbihppsneIslands,stalingthattherovingsktoDw tl^ooaatrycontainunyabundanceofvaluableproduc-sccia:toc "take ?ar throe year oidt, m!»e Bests. The bad touched.at tbat island with his bark, and accomplished tions-balsam copavia, dragon's blood, gums, ounces arrondifsement (there are twenty arrondissements, or Inge My position was most fully sustained by the Druse Beth Adam* rbos- 1 >: byx.b'aa.dam ty ^Tiataan, woo,and another brilliant swindling operation, which cast all h's sn?nItk "?**' ''.I?** " d others'too Uum*£usTo countrtrs, in Hsytl), a brief statement of tbe vacant coverror, and by the American Ambassadcr at OaostoD030,9006 2 8 . 2 0 0.da*W thMovie w»s dtatansed a the third heat, with two others. ffeeviocs ones ato the shade. It is not known where he ooraoi^'wbr, ^.« **' "\ » ^ m a n , . * intelUgeat public or private estates which can be bought, leased orJabex Gorham —C a p t a i n D a v i s , o f t h e b a r k H e l e n W . A l m y , f r o m M a nils,informsusthatwhileinthatporttheAoaericana n d m a s h e d , t h e n p r e s s e d a n d d r i e d , i n t h e i n t e r t r d i f .i f - 0 0 S e t h P a d e l f o r d . . . . 1 C 4 8 0 O ferent methods are used, but all amount to the same some will rent, others sell them; in tine, all are disposed express orders, e^oept at the forfoltcre of bis own lift T" Marshall Woods 013,800 Shubal Hutchir.s . 148,600\govenmeot intended opening road?tW A^2L^"233,600Wm.A.Howard..111,900 117,300 IM400asanwc«n tberagaa BKtt. JaasaJ Boone is at thernshion ««W^-^"tc c *•'9 f a , *"'"* «> *«w*\ considering the ae aolulers who do n u wv^SSaS ? """S *". P*"00" an exact description of them; fourth, the order ng ot-e 'Lui.-aiid square m.les. Expelled ourse'vs 'r^tn0 -.T-** 'wt*e thett WOttId have been nothia* ««»,«• h«t n « . been nothing strange; but now ,some new revolution The American commercial agent MrBell, left this placeheard, wuh regret, of the sudden expalsior of *ii -ts fam'- lUs by the Piuses, and the destruction cf ail ibe'»ThomasJ. Bill . 170 4C0Sun'iM. Koyes... Boyal ChaptnOcear. calling uron theaTm? a o ^ T : ? , " » Pacific saryparapbercalhia te aeal out jnsttoe. When thecouTTT. Interior and of Jgricnlture. The report is followed by anbrirgtitlotheCarr.j«cstatw in'thewet^rt:r~xres-, Ai- 3 a s -rr a a j ie,y nixing His ewor*ct e0r-tc»i^ :..bwed <r the tTiaolpaTScrt?" H C 8 n e * hnbitants with a louii voice. They assemble finteh .,?•" recommendations with which the report concludes. BO.*- £'." . . •^•vsrln ior.ui reaCLRM U« j"o«^»'- -*>• tis>de*»1.,:-«.:iisrse*rttuerecm"WmtAj.•,V;a!n lionsssew«asaar;!yceat-iisdlugm!/'I;'*fi, °P2ui 40homeIhostreetsroearegenerallyhiied'withc>t.cot extei-Je-: r\x even these*««¥Oiitajrta hAs boaibardment etare oot «»«'d fill one with pity. xn«n Lbsplate waa American; now it is nothing bat a hole for ^ T ^ l ' . W .tomakeallproperarrangements. Tbereportthenproceedstogive,arrondissemeutbyChitsS.Goddsrd 570000 T.Harkneas'wfe. cnere.l to identify my residence aud li-.erioan cil'- Benjamin Hopp:r 463.MiO Duty tircene1*8400 144,100 14AJl0f>Execntf.onsatOsamaacxta—Stxtv.rextrCltl.xenaHung-OneHundredstmatlestor mai-enttranquillityofItsinbaoitantsrIhavetbehonor1As the Christina worla is a* tbw moment on tb* cmAmerican Consulate to nearly the same effect. The United States Ytoe Consul at Daauscas inform* his chief at Beyrout that " fifty seven were bung In tbe city, five of whom were of the kadlag Moslems, and tbe remainder from the lower classes.cavalry, were shot In the plain outside of the city, oie of whom was Isma.i Agha, the sea of Bhemdin Agha,who was a military captain and a prominent leader in tbo in- surrection."transports and thevime of battle shies recently arrivedOnr hearts have been gladdened to see a notice in toosomewhat belies tbe avowed intentiou cf Napo'ecn to London papers ef the establishment of a Brftitb SyrianThe feet now before the town Is compose 1 of four Britishhne-ofbattleships,threerreach,oneDotch,'Jtreo has r- reive i many favor* from tte.r leaiers. He is oca Greek, two Sardinias, three Austrian aud four rurfcisbhaslivedamongtbeDrusesforsavecoreightyears,andDBABSix—Incompliancewithyour h>rored re,ucet,I mo>t respectfully place at your service tbo following car ratireofwhatwehaveseen andheard,orrselve:,inthe midst of the late terrible events upon Mount Lebacon. Ourhighpointofobservation,Bbaindun,iesituatedinrensbipwiththetranquillityandpreservationofth*v* OrrayTaft.... ..429,400370.000 Isaac Hartshorr. 141,4oOtimple, ss their tffleia) correspondence at tbe Amerioac consulate ulainl> shows. Su.ce that date, the Dru» Gov ernor himself, cr his representative, came and residedTbo*.?. Ivts... Hope Br©waives Qeo. AHoward.AXBO* 0. Barstoa. 860.600 Wm. Fletcher138,800 133,900 131,»00P.utus Watermanjunction of the It speaks also of the eagerness with which the officers here, often acknowledging that tbe presence and InCuanct Aiaaca Manton . 290.200 Lewis P. Mead.... 130.300 and Influentialcitizensbadreceivedtheprojectofthe olthemtiaiftarleshavesavelbisvillage,alwaysdeclar- AmosD.Smith. 208.000 /AchariabAlien... 12*400governmentinmakingHaytithechosenlandofthe ingtbatBbamdui,ehailnotbeplunderedwttiehe'ires. Jo*AhCbapic... 2fe7AOO HenryLMeudall. 127,900 It,t. i'i'iwsarsraakw*threeyeareWs.twom'leshipthemtoManila,andbeingunawareofthecbaraater besideswildhogand»me~fioe"flsh.1willleavethisforcoloredrace.Withoutagoodmap,however(andthere ItistbetriumphofpreachingtbeGospelandI'.singPro hern.Mason.. 272.400GardnerT.Swarts;J3,«»hells.b.-a.actheabettautcostbyWarmer,'"danTby ofiapt.Punches,concludedtoseeditbyhim,asthe theColoradoinafewdaystharat, isnoaccuratemapofHaytipublishedintheUnited testauttem Asecondengagementmthefleidoccurred Lewis?.Child.., 268M0 HenryAnitmy% ktfter stated that be was bound tbitber lie saiied with woods of these twrnkxtTfoVestT V l e a J Z ^ 2 2 ? States), or without accompanying geographical details, on redneeday, tbe «th of June The Christians set oa fire Fdward Prarce 258.800 G*o. M. Richmond 120,900twoDrusehousesInFalugba,infallviewcfthispoint Jonah^teere... 248800 Benjamin Over... 120,800l htvethepurposeofsurveyingtbepubliclands,andmaking Basbeija,andnorthwardtoBAalbso,overacaresofovc frcm the United States of a certain number Zabl.h.inMayoflastyear,forcurProies^vntjim*wcef wooden houses, whiehcuuld be immediately put up foremigrants; sixth, ths placing at the disposal of each Hai-tien Bureau of Emigration a locality destined to receive dwellings in a whirlwind of fire. On Mcniav fcie 18 James 7. Satith. 1T6.60O Berj D Weeden . 100100!tt,.-artef •ATTtrvStbeemigrantsontheirdisembarkment,andauthorizing"all The American Consul's bouse in •*!. ,WeU"- werawtheTorkishtroopspassingandincitingtheDrusesnation ofagents to foreign countries,to promote a coloredemigration; second, the immediate designation of the htard the first flghtitg and burning of this war, for iwenty J-:ltaB1ook . 216,000 js*pb Knowiee.. townsofCapeHaitien,St.Mark,PortauPrince,Gonaivea fivedaysinsuccession,wecouidseeaUtispointthasnoote El'b'Ui^aUrniat 2C6.900 HenryA Hidden. 112100? them to provide for their wants for tbe first eight days-eighth, tbe printing of three thousand copies of the re- similar Incitements to tbe shocking Sfirb&r's as ofSsAfclde o f a'ProtE tbe Baltimore Sun, Sept. 19grcaacrs,kc.Themarketj,atpresent,islow;shipstorr*.kc., in dciLttiid; onions, potatoes, hams, candles pilotbreed, fiah, Ac., would sefl^but not in large quantitiest~j ^rt.tt«r jort-.ou of good* coming from Europe* ment land will be Law at a tower?.t?tfena L ^ ° ^ a t e s lo the united flu's of England and France with tbe 0 to near.7 mr half uf wti-b :r:i v""j "trajte* " • - -'tArg«-iiwiMtc-JUi'iii»'«teem;»tfitvesselsforthis '.*'• Tbty canr. n-r. rver ?l • b*r. and caa gdiiu/^iy •'***--»--,--.*««.i.vjakoughthanooseoermonthwvdWesternlands,andItlaevenstatedthatto££! o»'oni« at intelligent men, of well esUWishedi ahaaaaOaf «>r*io1*Uietractsefcountrywill tas^uSoualv^^'Poaia*rxacs,Augoat38,ISfioTlwtTMB1Wtt*|y iron.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069pert--.r: i; tf.» So- mangoveti»ni«rtt. InthenameofCodaudailhuman.1.7Itra'tsuflbsdsr*tied:.1!, h^b-uden•m<„aL^tIbidyouwelcome,sir,andmostearnestlybeg pew j-..*-',aruother :.. 4 .'..-uJr%aa .\iC ..wvitree unitedcotsidmtionandcompsAsiuctowards tbesevere.IaytheLasoaud,vi,.*,<.%*\u*;.»i»tttAsgnuttnepurp-rt—11•BFSB.B J.MUntitled Document• That r e regretted circ-ne€isar*» 5>>X/>-::<1 j»;m u. ato the attack ontbe Saturday previous, and h<mra 'Sidon.Deire!Komr,nasbeiya,Eakbny.a acti Damascus Tiefacie-'"the uddeadeath of a fema-epat-etg'-r<wvi'.ltgts, are desolate, and all Syria Is now lor New x*ork, thj ai'. .-*.» saue- yf the'r £-9y*rat r b; rgfllle'd wlih limbers widows asa orphans. B-it rrroe damfsti-j dn w.<" >,r th •we'erme, sir, ibrice. a thousand tim-03 we'or -"j re«*ei was dlrc<r»-.rf ! '- U a r •<•<•& T!«.tbat all tbe criminals will be executed, for tbey richly deservedeathintheopinioneffourhumblecorrespond est.Exchange Bank... rJonathanPike 1*6 500 Asa Pike www.fultonhistory.com 