 WTK BOLD AID S3X7KRby an tram Caarornn, that too H Dora- 'tathaaiaatof UMiMriMdud stiver exctei I f 4*» recast stocevertesef M t p u s t e later |a Water*Utah,« th*sastarnborderatCantorR»;ateateattheMow«cgt*g*>»ttasanfta part > ater ftato, *Q ef W B J e A 4 „ j^ista* teaa*** reiat tta BBRAIO,a taw weeks iof UMaew atiaiag datafonasttoa u we thought saraatto to sm u*>te, and ckned by gtvtag a ward ef advtos to IU a*Bta> xlamhOt aMM HI *p*j aattl —aatttta; mere m a i from rehuie re-»affurtherupkvattoauddtoeavery.ThemwUah diggtog*were discovered laat fan,batorir-WBO»TH» sumaa AITDTHB B*aaytwt*»«d.ss-. p—iiss (ram0* thaham * wrearr Wai - * _ Whereto a * * a c ^ u u a s aaj a*Lump af chalk, sad efisa b>» gs»— Oa«a*aftto*t«n •*«-raitoy*,O* th* tiasi sad to to* caaaaa,Mtag th* sste una aad to th* s aAre tae a e a that cvuid* t waa aij Bprag had come sad saowa aesmtod. Boaaa their fins tt«.y sa sad sh:.«er, flWver,shivw.shakesadsh*»sr,With their toes «uci a the eaaea. Wahthatfejesailsnakedaadwatery, W/htbetrsosessaollsaateasgry, Wish thato eheaks wellcared sa oasoa, Totheblautheirpalaserteadrar, Wtth the ishas faWig taaad tasm, FaSag. falitog oa their haar aadOa aiir wbtoaars liketo ssew oahes Ttoeser, farter falitog, Iaiasg.tta their head* aro powdeisd over. Tilltheirwbtesrswellar*srhttoaaa. they r e eat of bread, a t e s f pataase, B<*« has fioi, ditto thetr hacsaSugar goaa- aa -latei" with to-Bauaha •o AMuggae, Boweto jearaiag, jearatog, yaaratog Porth*(rtaesaasat-e*taortbhteeataodthaeama. Varth*tapjacks,fortheb«a*seep, Perm* esaaa, tea aad bacon,Left bahtod to Cahroraia.P*»a*ybed,meteraadeoslasthebastsptogttettots oat of sar mm kill tea a sBvor area* a to* vas;aa; watts to the amt,sad aaB I toe sew cay af the Plate, haautoag with rttsPOLITICAL INTELLIGENCE.LOrCCUl ABB TBI sinuCAM WAS.Th* eerrmsosueat af toe New Ortoaa* A t e , wrttoa, thsrtly after th* aattvery of liacea'a speech ta Coagraa theHexcanwar,and refers to ethers waohadeoald sto asstottta Mexicans u much, or do us u aaeh barm, uthey have doa* bv the r speech*-* lath*of God, witt the pattn^ana of cur countrylambhag for the Preadeacy apaa the blood ofCrop J»fexpertsla ta*United Italas. WBTtrrttRN I f f Ywtoft. Ftomar****Aa*pecata*f the crops ta Monroe andLivaaama esaatas, mys the Bsshsstsr Ototoa. we aro eaahted togrte very encouraging aoooaau of lb sa g arop* a this genial aad highly fertile lagtaa. Wheat to lookingfinely.OatheheaviersoiltttoaK very badly stopped by the winter;uairjured h u a* exceedtogry healthy appsusait, sad to very forwaid te the season. Oa th* sandy ate gravelly sous *• Caledonia aad a portion ot York tta crap sorer a u u ssor*pr*mtotag- ta*aara* bora, aad the ntoat a* fairy.Uuteasomeunforeseenaadcelaalty—sueh u excessive drought .** **•• "ha report of tbje richness w a s looked upsn aa a th* cocntry.4,from oae end of California to Iwaa followed aoaa after by the setting ingaveaaamalreport. OaemaatoparticularsaidUat,. a as so piac? for a poor aaa—provisions high aad wages Httle or nothing. Another a i d that to about six monthsmineraadfihsaunigrsatOatthegoldfieldsofth*Rocky Mountains augur well at the opening of the season to be vastly richer than arm proven toot year.societytoWindsor;toagentatthatstationofthecele- brated underground railroad, ssstoted in the forcible ah dactionof the slave girl from the steamer North Star, at ihe latter city, last summer, aad gave her a shatter, orlockinghatter. Everything give*evidence ofageneral and aouadaat crop.th* dap followtag-Cojen Jotou hto forces wah turn ot Gen. Ramire*, and, changing hto front, i"wiped him out,''tokto|ofartillery,anddtopei 1 th* estate liberatore*. TbtowusUapusr uthohBaeaoftteJ party, and now Matamoru, with Us hatoric brevn. neroW reputation, * waiting for aonathtog to «; a n a a s ' before it expresses an opinion how thefigat will go.o,m,uthey tavebeutos^proprtotoiy sated, at sstsnatis * u tta suigr*Hoa fnatout, SfweaayJudgefromthefollowingitemsinthe DmtKTot, of Nevada, of the 20th ait..-togttwquartoatamill:thereforetheretosotyetas auoh goto produced from the mine* in that veiolty, boi a abort U s e will suffice, when a number o f s-dlto, which are on the road there, get into operation, to put to circuABVSISorrasFajurKurcPRIVIUSCB.—Itisaosecretthai tta most palpable anpostttoaa ar* practised upon the cre- dulity ef Uncle Saa by the abuse of the franking nrivilege.aaaataaa, tarpeatta* brandy, gin that would give a don hap the verttgo, sad similar pot i, are brought through stews, rasas, s a w , a n d aad lah, over summits and ihroisjhGBttoae, while Hour ani d food generally arethe way.YTMUTIA CRY.At thectee of the month of April the real estateofextending ever hundreds of mite of country, many of which have been sufficiently tested to prove their rich- ness. The difficulty of reaching thto great region of geld aaa prevented ito earner developement; at the present cost of transporting goods over mountains where theremurdering the inhabitants.Mr. Williams, the brother of those of his name killed,h u come In, aad reports that there are 1,400 Indians from the Salt lake country, near the sink of the Hum boldt, who have come on to aid the Pah-Utos to clear outthaicity ooawkwad of three hundred houses, tents, h e .i are thousands of energetic, persevering, hopeiul,», waa have braved storm aad tempest,tempt prospecting. A few hardy aad venturesome miners nave, however, overcome all difficulties aad acquired im- mense wealth.KIirBS IN SOrTHSRN ORIGAN.for defence.In addition to the foregoing, Mr. Gregory, of thefirm ofNew ball & Gregory, telegraphs that seventy five m en were killed., thirst, hunger s a d deprivaUons of all i, who have been and are developing th* rich arneral region. Much, it to true, to placed aa yet upon hopes based upon saasarsgtoa: prospects. But, beeidea, there are quite a number of elaimi already proved to be rich.Among the valuable claims are the followiag —The ChaOsr Campaay have their out la thirty feet, sad have struck their ledge. They are taking out are valuedat $lsea par ton.A vela of stoae coal, situated a few miles east of thisctty, was discovered a tittle over aa* moaih ago. The aaal has sat bean tested, bat the vela to beiUved to be valuable.cARSON CITY.The people bar*, bteste th* anUcipaOons of the minecontinue to be most favorable. Unless there to im- in defence for the protection of the women and children mense extravagance la aD the statements made in refe A picket to to be stationed on the outskirts of the town to-rence to these mines, their richness to almost without night.parallel in the history of the world.TTa* Pike's Peak Mines.OWK DRNYRR CITY CORRESPONDENCR. Iters* C m , May l«, 1800.Vie Ontrol Point to Qu PVcei Peak Mines—Locality qfUu'•DiggintTt"—PmB«U af the Gold Crop—AgriculturalCkarwteriHics cf the Country—Xeui <-old Discooaria— TThis ctty to the central point to which the emigrantscome from the States prior to engaging in mining opera-thought that the opportunity of the Prince's visit should be embraced to open the University Park to a formal manner. It had been granted to the city by the Univer. sity on certain conditions which had not yet been com-rat wealth ka store la the tosssediste sad adjacent vicinity. are looking eextoualy forward to the organisation of the Territory of Nevada, aad for the location of the capital at thia place. Ta th* westward of the town is a r t e of ground most beautifully adapted to the building of residences, alew copious showers have wrought a wonderful change to keep, u d the United States ta too busy looking out for** TRXA.8.the timber a sight of the place will last it for any number by day aad campmg at night, aad the trip occupying fromginia City, and there to too great reason to fear that, stated by their victory, and rendered bloodthirsty by the surrounding excitement, they may descend upon theCANADA.Never, perhaps, mys the Toronto Leader of the 30thtermenmaywin.But1hopethearmywiItreatins at S u Luis u It did at Colima tan year, when tha soldiers refused to serve under nun, and e v u oTered violence to him when he attempted te command them.C agaep.ro*,, Ssstl^BaCteOBalafaBfi' P t t t a a M a*s**tQ*.) aaw* WhaiUcQhal tlha t*v fSMRjaaQU was conducted was'fraught with lajustioe. The polls were opeaed.bat. to the surprise of many, a* parsea ^v*lssv • s a O ^ ^ V U am vVspp UAJsaasa IsmVj' PsWsarOQ a* ^ojsTlaats* **••***!Brooklyn, F C.Steward, Mortimer Mackentoe, Captain Ltom,sterner Arago; G. A- Lucu, Baltimore, Colemanwhich wine w u opened u d bread broken until toe smali hours of the moratag.farT Thtot a t h a uthe Court to t* be ito support the me* who were beag ibavettet the authority of or taurhaadred armedcious stores a t e comlortable dwellings. Denver proves Wheeling a ho assisted me. My thanks to thea. CertainThe Bon. Guatavus A . Baary, of Tennessee, the cele- brated orator, and grandson of Patrick Henry, is at the FifthAvenue Hotel,and intends to address the Union meeting to be held at the Cooper Institute thto (Friday) evening.LOUISIANA.The Louisiana Herald h u the toUowtog —The extremely favorable cotton picking season of tost fall hM been succeeded, after a brief winter, b y a for- ward and geatal sprtog. Corn u d cotton never were in a more proatotaf condition during the "merry month of May."Wehavenotheardasolitarycomplaintfromaplan•* wttofaaehabstractionofproperty.THE FlOHTISa ISTtlJBTS. %maefft treasure, wtoTe the grouad, which, but fifteen monthsago,belonged to"squattersovereigas, withthe sUrar miaas, thare are whet are armed ••aghung in- terests,"thatto,aaawhoat*noted fortheirpluckor moaci* have abara* grven thea a ooanderauoa of their hasdtog thassasrvas to real to— to do say amount of nght- ag iaat aay be^*27"Lto^u*us5*oaTS**7** aa*'"omit RiartspoathteoJarm far the purpose*• i: from the aaaroaohiiato atTTftRfitos-n' *-* w ^ i » , w » t t - » a >teswte?aatotetoth*o*mo te^Ttem - ^ * u g j n _MTwsa' srsdtopoasdef with<Hadlfle«te,m th* T*rrw*ry 4A trtwasaiy ooach BOWpas* between Denver Ctty andua a tew weeks ago, la company with a number of our cill/enahere,aad gaveusanarrativeorhsaaeifofthe moa startling > baracter—telling us bow that habad beenHouse.Capt a. F. Smith, of the United States Army, is stop»'r u d rushing ugether like the -teach of amies ' Thethunderburstforthwtthgreatfury,rambltagacroa* the firmament snd booming cat Baal after Deal witharuUtosvmitoa«goflham' ir»lyoa»sa.aar to a be beard to all dinettestruth. At the time of Mr. Doggett's calling upon as, he had just broken out of the asylum, for the seoos sohosaid,atehavtogescapednteorsuchcaxuaatuF10Y14I4N3 AT TIB24*. lb.; park, 44c; fitsyrup, 43par •\parlb.8**LMIB* Baa BaawtaB or Sa Loan—The manu- facture of lager bar to St Uoua th* presaat year will reach la^Tbariahvof comaoa bear, 84,400 barrels; of all other, 4,4C0barrels. The value of the toanufaetured tructoswillamouatto$1,433400. Eataaitog thewRATK i»r Irnauorr m wiaums redumdthetonalrataoftaterestfromtwelveperoutte ten per cent and alter* two year* te the redemptte of tedterhtoh asvahsoaateoatoaThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Mostmors n> ran Lars ROBERTT. GUXSAD.—A tandarano aonsaental column, subscribed far by per- ssaaltrtoadsof the late Judas Coared. w u put up a SoctolaorelHUl&metory, Philadelphia, u Tuesday. It tocomposedofbrownstone,withth*taaaoto sndar*of whtte aarhto, aad hears a satabta tosraiptia*. It ha* beucrecteaa;acostofovertwo•*w-f*njdaitaia.bay to 440 per tea, a a iOFCAM-MTwaa*aac*•"aTMor life all SDsaoui storesfan wu entirety destitute. As appears by his totter, heR. Chaaey.Btq., and Mr. Ftok. both of Boston, Dr. NB. Ives, of tew Hsvu, Judge W. Ajfoatey,©fjBostei;CaptainCarlislesadCaptainT.V.Rodman,bothofth*United Slates Army, am stopptog at th* Fifth avenue heavy ham toads are quite thta on account at having wide, to tat down t* * tea** • ojpm*a*Atoar toot th*note to meander ng oa ta way over ai tttal Jtt/.-SMXAnother says - i f yaattotteftbe Aawy Range, than to say other mates, thare w u the more noticeable from the fact that he had a* •odoubt1 fortmatetaaathepeat, hsisgtoor*waterthemtowashitoowaaidlayhamthe othervisiblemesa*ofsupport. Byth*CanadiantawsA despatch dated last Monday morning says - " t a n you Uut it waa thought in the !o*a»l,OOOforthre*moath*alOperceatperaionth,onttiRaamnra.An rnforaaat of the S t Paul Pimm thinks the numberi hall, soceeeoed by a willhavesome.deaofthecharacterofrMha sad crevice*. thto to aade a cram of very great magnitude, aad is THBYRBYLAtEOTNRW8FROMTTXt's«AK. puatohahfeby mprtaOEmentatbardtaborforhieintheBy tatelHfesee received tost Thursday, dated Denver Provincial pemteattary. This Clarke is a prominent neWs are ta receipt of information from reliablethat, with s few exceptional districts affected by reto against Gen Ceju,tithe haeteadaof IW W Y O R K HERALD, FRTOAT,JUNE 8 , 1860.-TRTPLBSHEBT.areacteveatrails,theminesmoatbeindeedrichto CarsonValley. Toecitizensherearedoingalltheycan1 ^J^H^S^ Z&i^lE —*"AJFAI&8 Dl I0BIHZR1 MEXICO.MmtktT-km Oat—He ft Ha—Bm u iAbenl.taaC-jtsmn*la tta tetletter 1wrote yaaliof the liberal party at the itta af rteoa, where General Uraga <the Imposing army of General U Vega, Isoaers, with Oaa. La Yap* tamy will defend and fight the battles ef the country peach crop u we have not had to many year*. Apples, high rank, eighteen ptoem of srtatary, thirtyiTtttttortMar'of toe srtcursors of ettte-ihe wbte taato of advaacte* emtgrauea^wkieh,a thespaceoi atowweots,wttaH*toeDeaverQty Oaparadtoetoc Aauos sad stoada retetve a aWsaaveptoiy sfsteam, sahto, geese aad duck are ( ' weensk champagne freely a: five dollars p aThegentlesauwhohaatod top atedagpestbotea ftar HOa oar heaviest landowner, our French barber allMOBbeaaulboaair*,watt*thefirstaamtotohapaaar*stogaatwardrob*thaatheAaothersuijeottowhichtta agitouinra waaltwabtotote ta the esaatry to saapsrt k large toutv«vad|y •smasai; batfar mere product*trymen. Ourartofureadsaodanger,aardotheyfearto ate to aafsaw of lhar country, but they do dankotobesacrificedtoth*unholyambrtaaofasfiringpv.'4.ticeai shadlaterTMae,th*wheatcropofWester*NewYork ate paitttaal knave* Istherea* wayoywhichoar widbelarge,a proportion ofcourmtoth*breadthor frieaos at home can pat a stop a the unpatriotic coadaot ted sows. As for frut. the, prospect to equally good ofpoiitctaM,whowouldsaarino*th*wholearmytoor Theorachtreesarethicklycoveredwith btossosm. Ws der to give tone to the next Presidential atocttoa. TheThey are fortifying at Carson aty, and have picketThe accouato tram Josephine county mines, In Oregon, guards out. At Virginia every stone house Is being put dinner to th* Prince in (togooue Hall Mr. W . H BoultonLtUetiA«ici,at:.munition. The theatre w u crowded. Mayor Swan calledthe meeting to order, to explain ito object. Fervent andpatrioticspeechesweremade byMessrs.Hume, Burns,Jones, Wallace and Hawcy. Resolutions were adopt-ed authorizing the Mayor to procure arms and am- 6ve but little information u to the Prince's movements. munition and forward them instantly. A messenger was e w u of opinion, however, that the Prince would lea e sent to Capt. Van Guelder, of Coloma, to obtain the arms England in July, and that after fulfilling hto duties In Que- of the Coloma Guard. The meeting promptly and libe- bec and Montreal, would reach Toronto sometime betweento cheat and deceive the too confiding Yankee, who bonis on two hopes first, of good faith on the part ef y«x;oo: udsecond,ofprotectionirom theBoltedStates,beinof which are shams. Mexico never had any faith or Lonorof years, aad to easy of scoeaa. This will be the head quarters of all th* miners within a circle of twenty-ave to fifty sails*GOLD BILL.itoastratumofreddishdecomposedquartsfound, youlookbackwithmeforfifteenmonthsandseealittle bloody Indian mid opon the white settlements may not which to steaat all gold. Thai stratum, it to supposed, nandfuU of human beings, figuratively speaking, for they yet be fully understood, but there can be Uttle doubt thatult.. at the end of May w u the appearance of the cropswere very few in number, cutting down trees in the sffteaifls some flatone n on other calm*. l a extent a not mountains, aad hauling togs for fifteen mite to mid win-it w u mainly instigated by the Mormons.For some months p u t premonitory symptoms havebeen observed of this general uprising. In the month of March last. Gov. Roop, of Nevada Territory, addressed s lettertoGen.Clark,C.S. A.,which, at thetime,washarvest.GRAFT? CTTTURR.From allaccountsthegrapecroptotheUnitedStates•yet known.aiLV&B CITY. Inthtopiaoethedifferentolaiaaareimprovinginvalueter to the banks of Cherry Creek, which they fondly be- lieved contained sufficient gold to make thorn millionaire*. And when thespring came therewasaaexodusfromlousingACo.,No.8PlacedelaBourse,Paris,uptoMaypitch in and take Matamoru'' Probably Juarez tt more afraid of Alvaraei than he to of Miramon, and la pre partegtoruntoMatamoru when Alvarez deaconis,t?twelve to sixteen days.Undoubtedly you wish to know soaethtog about Den- settlements ana fulfil their dreadful threat*.ver, for you have heard of Pike's Peak, Gregory's Dig- Itto reported that the uveges have covered themselves gingsaadDenverCtty,and,doubtless,wishtoknow withwarpaint,andsentawaythetrwomenaadchildren.tomakesucharrangementsfor htoreceptionUtothem shall seem advisable, and to submit such information and arrangement to a public meeting of the citizens, to be called b y his worship the Mayor, at such time u shall b e found most expedient; the committee to have power to add to their number.P e r s o n a l I n t e l l i g e n c e .Americans registered at the Banking House ot Messrs.lookedbaldbeforethenecessaryrainsfell,atonceputon GeneralTracenia,accompaniedbythepracpa:engi-a totally different appearance We know by what oc neer of the Castle of S u J u u de UUoa, arrived quite un- curred tost year that the fruit ta not necessarily safe from expectedly three nights ago; they are now inspecting thelate frosts; out at present there ta a promise of an unus troops u d works in the vicinity, the questim nat .rallyuaily prolific crop. suggests itself, what can thto mean? Is Jcares pre-NewsisbeingconstantlyreceivedfromUpperCanada, paringtoleaveVeraCruz?ortohebecominganx.o-alest,giving glowing accounts of the probpeca for a good that his dear friends, lo* Americano*, may be tempted te• are improving a* they are developed., of gold lake* out of some claims is enormous, something definite about them. Aad so you shall. Can The precise causes which too to this terrible andwith New Yakhere, while kun reap their ewa reward.bhcattentio*toP"t tonever knew them to task better, sad we arswateai —<%athat sufflelacithen let their frienda at home defend thea from thea chernee, and allthe atom- train promise well. The. see* foate ihaa mere t u supposed to be a year ago juries vtotog from such speeches u them, or the conduct wugttttog u dry u to give rtoe to iThe hettou, toads on the Platte are rich ia a m y placet of such aea. aadalargearmeaabeOKtotoediffarmersresorttoirn PomitofliosBoaaaavAIWSIIMOR,C.W.—Anegrotime, u the late defeat of Mtoamon bote* Vera Cms aad that ot Cabas ta Oaxaea all tasted to taapte omfiamea tojAH thto toad* to show how uattem It »tev*tte*n** about affairs to thto Conakry, tor BOW there mam a b* Just u auch depresnton to the liberal raaks u there wa* hope then The upset of affairs Is chaagtog. aad there to astroag probability that the oharah party will stUl s* able a dispute the right to rale and ruin MexicoOn th* 4th of May Gea. Htoojcaa tod a ootana ef the-Nsw geld diggtog* have recently been _th* Arsons* and Bto* rivera, of fabulous wealth, if we oaa credit toe stories; sad as they are riateslU gulch •!|**4>tR|thsy wtU rsmuaerate the ataasm amah hotterthing, are have givon "wast* the Arkammaad Plate rivers both rim, at the smrtgsfas, and pm on airs enough lor a prince, whichILLIKOIS.In Central aad Northern Illinois everything look* well, to both prairie and woodland section, with ttaofwaterwheat,whichtothtatoplaces,andi hlight Oats look especially well to Illinois.Capt T. D. Johns ha* boon appointed to supremo commenu. He h u declared martial taw. Force* arenow' plied with and bo thought an eii'ort should be made tobeing enrolled. ao t h e necessary work a n d have t h e Park set apart GKSAT RX<'ITS*ENTISTBSWTtRJOR. for itt appropriate uses. He also thought that aThe intelligence of the defeat and slaughter of Major ball in toe Houses of Parliament mlgnt be gotOrmsby s company caused intense excitement in Placer- up successfully. The two Chambers might b e used torvllle. Mayor Swan promptly called a meeting of the citi- dancing and promenade, and the Library brought Intozens at one o'clock P. M., to make provision for supply- play u a sapper room. Rev. Dr. Willis protested, amidst ing the inhabitants of western Utah with arms and am- some cheering, against the city being taxed for the ex-ties, privileges, gruts, railroad rights, and a acare of fered most severely. It came to a time so entirely unpre other favors: but they are all delusions, amply intendedthe benighted nigger to attend to while men.General Degollado h u returned into the interior for tha purpose of taking command of the army. If he reach** San Luta in time lo supersede Uraga, tne liberal force s a The wheat lands will average from twenty five to thirty "gone coon,'' tor Miramon does not w a h betier bushels per acre. The Austin State Gazette states — fun than to thrash such an incompetent old granny. We have received a bunch of barley, grown from one In the present divided state of paruss a latheoppositedirectionarewars*iprtngsofamostde wich,adistanceof600milesfromSt.Joseph,Mo.,andfrontofthet»rieansHotelatsixo'clocklast(Sunday)necessarytoquiriesjshouldhemadebyacommittee,whograin,growntothtocounty.Eightystalkswerepluckedthiscountry,noneorthacandidatesteartootions in what to termed the Pike's Peak district. To bemore definite on thto subject. I would state that the golddigging* of Kansas, thus far discovered, are iecluded in rally responded to the subscription list, and atargesum the 24th of august and the 1st of September. The gov- thto territory between the thirty-eighth aad thirty ninth w u paid to before the meeting adjourned to defray ex- ernment, he added, would fit up the Governor's house forpuses. the Prince, but would grant no money to aid of hto recep- moted frosa the aore violent winds by a nigh mountain. degrees of north atttude. and longitude 103 watt of Green- The citizens of Sacramento were requested to meet in tion In the various cities, it w u finally agreed that allvicinity of pure cold spring water, and pro-arable nature, and expensive enough to aoeomaodate a evening, to concert measures tor the relief of their fellow huge population. The site for a city a extensive, and at 1,984 mile* from New York. With the former place Denver citizens in Careen Valley. thedratgtoao*totwaaouncedoyalltobeeligible.Thentoconnectedbyalineofstages,thelattertravelling TneIndiansarenowwithinsomefortymiteofVir-would report to a public meeting of cttteens at a future day.Aresolutionwuadoptedappointingacommittee,constating of hto worship the Mayor, and an Alderman andCouncilman tor each ward to the city, to communicatewith the government for information u to the time of thearrival of hto royal Highness, the Prince tof Wales, to more promising than at present. The damage done by They bad witnessed bto Incompetence before the city of Canada, the probable duration of hto stay to Toronto; and winter killing w u greatly exaggerated. Maay fields that Mexico, u d desired no more such leadershipTHE cAcma or m a aASBAcaa.will be an abundant one the present year. It to stated the coast with hie pestilential cohorts Lode,HoneyLake,Smith,Buckeyeaad1'renchcompa-caavm*coveredwagon*.Butwiththespringearn*dis- Weareabouttobeplungedintoabloodyandpro-17,1440>-OttoVonHelm,JeromeL.Hill,StephenBullthattherearenowabout4,000acreslaidoutinvineyards TheStatelrgsslatureofNuevoLeontonowtosession,tracted war with the Pah-Utes Indians. Within the tost Henry Gday, W. H. Bodcnhamer, H. M. Schettlen, A. M. in Ohio, half of which are to the immediate vicinity of with Governor Yidaurri to supervise lis proomdtag* la nies are attracting much aatetka. The miners are gone appointment ate; aad the little ttream which they fondly nine months there have been nine of our citizens mur- Adams and wife,- C. Crancb, Mr. and Mrs. BurriUand Cincinnati. The yield last yearto estimated at 440 gallons hto first meaage he coaaented very severely on tne ad-rally at work aad as a ooaasquenoe asw dacoveries are regarded as another Pactolus dried up, and gave no gold dered by the Indians. Up to th*teatmurder, we were per acre, for the whole State, which to much above the ministration ot Juarez, which h u ted to mm*torongtalk i dsily. aaataafj a ted that has been worked upan to pay thorn far their labor But there wore "grains of unable to fasten them depredations on any particular daughter, Chu. F . Griffin, Jane B. Hixon, C. & Seyton, usual average From a careful estimate of the vintages ot a revolution against htm. It would not be surprising hasfailedt»rewardthefortunatepossessors.Maaygold,''aadwhilethedisappointedanddisheartenedtribe(butalwaysbelievedItwuthePah-Utes),notDr.CP.Ruueli,Chu.W.Chanoey,Mr.JamesPenni-forthelasttwelveyearstheaverageySellfortheOhioIfhetoagaindrivenfrompower.TheLagtotaturepastedas they are prospected. The Sacramento, Emigrant Twin the East, and the Plains were whitened with tena and published to the papers. He said.—i ar* strikag very fine looking salver ore. turned back aad fled from the illusive spot, there were others who stood firm in their belief that gold was to be A BOARD « * ARBITRATORS RLRCTRD. found ia the vicinity. Aad so they tried the Platte, oathe 24th of April aa eacUo* was hold ta Virgiaa and found more favorable indications. "To thestty, aad a Board of six directors were elected to odjudi- mountains ' became the universal cry, and the iall esaas a dispute between miners. This arrange- little hamlet was deserted. Week* pass by la prospectwishing to toy blame on them until we were sure of theman,MrsChuPenniman,A.W.Ketchano,F.FanneryRogers, A. B. Caldwell, Robt. S. Lyons and wife, GeorgeFuller, Mr. and Mrs. Penrice, S. T. Hill. John P ftoife,Henry L- Hornet and lady, W. T . Patterson, John J.Hinchmann,Mrs.Myerssndson,Wm. D.P.Smochand owingtotheprevalenceotrot;andtoTennessee,Georgiaatawgivingtothecaptorsallthepropertywhichthey may recover from the Indians, wtth the excepuo* ot horses bruded wtth well known narks Tha, tt n thought, will ted to more activity to the pursuit of too savages•xg, the hill sides became tracked with weary, bleeding iieue publish the account 1 gave you at your city of .lf it had bee* conducted fairly, would havegiveaO fast, when Gregory's Diggtog* were suddenly discovered my sufferings. The grand scoundrels kidnapped me inMaster. L. Dutram, G. D. Brooks, L. P. Telley, F. Bianchi, George Wilkes, Dr. Aug. Rawliogs, F . H . Banana*. I . A . Patterson and lady, New Tork; Rev. D. Spear, SamuelDon Antonio Mencbado h u been nominated u Gover- nor over thto city, in place of Governor Garcia, wboee term expired tost month. The friends of tta new Govertact.>__A Strange Affair.tFrcm the Wheeling (Va ) Intelligencer, June Ll_ Lowiix, Mas*., May 29,1440.Boston, aad without taw, u to Daytoa, Ohio, put me intothe McLean asylum, where I have been confined for threeweek* to a dungeon. I broke out, or rather, I got bold Robinson, Wm. A. Rostoaon and atotor, a Coleman, of soys snd got oat yesterday morning, and tor the lirst Buffalo; Chu. A. Tughams, Jane A. Hughs, Cincinnati;cables of the determined pioneers ore eclipsed by spa- others where I won I will yet repay the good friends at Kelly Bortoro, Phitauelphta.The wail kept secret of Russell's Gulch become* dtoctomd.sad mi*tt of mineral wealth ware found to all directions.Th* tide torn d. and to six months time the hamlet itconverted into a ctty of two thousand inhabitant*. S a * time I am able to write you to haste. They would allow Chu. B Schultz, Penn.-, H lesey, Mobile; W & perior to quality to the Catawba, Cape, or Isabella. »ma have been ertcted, aad lumber made, the miserable of no tottersfrom a * to go oat of the oaytom, informing Awiner, Chicago; Chu- EL Hanwick,W. D. Glene, J. B.a be an exceUeat aad central location o a the Plains 'or a1Wml,ll0t lsrgeiritT-<»«»««^«•* * •» ' •* J *i **parties here got hold of the memorandum of their names, which 1 made, and I am Rt a loss for their address.W.F.DOGGETI.Mr. W. F. Doggett to, by hi* own account, the late Se-cretaryattheDaytonandWesternRailroadCompany,It to aad that ta th* cairns which are to costroversy to ragged clothes sad no provistons, to now selling for from and Auditor or the Indiana Central road. He called upon J. Gaffftoon, Esq., of Cincinnati, to stopping at the Aster tortothe parish. All ot thea appear to be fully satisfied dtr.se. black clouds, eddying ta the differsat c .rreaa offtetoafteaa hoadred dollars per tot of twenty five feettT,with th* prospect of abundance before than), the cottonhubslanynumberofsquaresonit,forovertwoweekspast, while toe corn h u a moa tuxnrtaat growth, tall uthe tence that surrounds Ik The rato h u fallen generally, eoafeatog u d stunnng effect, taa hghtnmg too. wa* aad to Jutt sufnaeat quantities throughsol the partoh.St. Joseph, and thouasadB .u-)oa thousandsL*r* patotog twice forcibly abducted aad put to the Dayton Luaatto ping at the St. Dena Hotel.Bjthervraros to search of gosd-ttf j o y *.»*» *P J**; Asylum, .n odter to invalidate or make way with dama- General Oadwallader, of Philadelphia, g. D. Crane, Cle- the creaaat of aaporal bkaatoga- Well, so It a, ging facia, of vrhich be w u alone cognizant, to relation ment Wiltto, F. D. Stednan, Justin Jooa, Ottotlapp,FLORIDA. InEastFloridathecropsareititecauatattsptay. tt teat from cloud to cteud, aad} sprang ta u tastant from the hsitom te the zmah, otaa- bertegapth*heavensbyabeantiful ststroam sniyva ble at the ton*. Then the wholesaxttoagaodooi ^goodhearth,a good wifesadJammtsade.ell membersoftheBoston CommonCoun- cil, ludge WUlard, of Troy, and A. M. rtermaa. Esq , of NVwburg, are stopping at toe St. Nlchotos Hotel.will all tell you ao. B a r tent and th* toln< rt will ail teu you so. nowtouetransactionsofaforaersupertoandentoftheroadwith which he was connected. The detail* rotated to u a ,•stop of them, are of the mcaCJ unnatural and horriblecharacter-so much so that we feel bound to withhold Ho*, a & Sedgwick, of 8yr*cuu, Jottoh Randall a utile aare rato to some localities, proaaasu abaadaat mered, shook aad went out, Theof eleetrtc vapor*I •sthattbsy *ll4aas*a^*ttte*xoerB^**te4teT.If the propitious weather otstotoau there will be u idam barren of corn, rlhe ootton is dotog finely, and withseamed to unite to a raataat glaretouthor toaTaavafii-l?^*?.-tfJ*^-**5\gha-harry i .RDA taTJ Mowed. ware opened'* of rata whichta drops, tat ta painfull or by tha stillkoptuaadat ttw wave of the magtoan s rod, ate th* a**** of them unni we are assured beyond aperadjeature of their Em, at Itiitadelphto; P . S. Tefl, J ^ i ^ J " " ? ; Byaw.feariui gusts, carryag before tt* shingles, dry good* bora*, and, not fixed tightly to thetr sndnextthe''windowsithebaaaaer istobeTZUl 7J?~~L*,*meaoarrivebyeveryeyea are lo be seen upon the•he* from a a a till eight, i withr*f*aacoat*aresategrrtogwaytoe! Lecturm atoe are delivered weakly, parelMICHIGAN.We haar that Ua ravages of tta Beam* fly bav* hv*- a*a#*^aaaaw4 - mawd •**•• a* • a A s m i a a a a t t h sail a>vng**UBBa*i! ^*"**»•** •sa**g]OTsw^fjmymjruwij saaatt4\**Vaswmf^irsur•*4MaU4aa*tojs.*.*^a^aaa•**•*'"•j anowregularlyheldatthebaseoftheRockyMountains.Hay to scarce aad dear a the ssountains, and will pro- bat thea willbe aa _A. N. tshfpley, aad Mr. J. M. Bradford,a^lof to* Intad as tcany busbeto in tta colony u ever before Weamypossiblybav*acretomyaboutttacurious StateaAIuij;W.CMorrto,aaa.,ofPhfladalahta;A.trow- season. Thetotteewarmrratae*hhaavveeggiivveen(theesspprrinigcrop*ap-helped Eastward to his relation* by a liberal contribution here,andittamoreu apieceoffntelligencetothesu»- saltan to that fund than for aay attar rate* that a a publtahhiatoitorteoay.Hotel. Dr.tartar,RJ.8*lterto*d,geg,;.Mr.EH.Item.Mrbeen winter killed With looksunusuallywell,ud Ifthe weather coatt voreule, and it escapes the midge, we shall karvisce-ced todttcendPaaVsad attention wtil be paid to raising amthe val-leys this sprtog Yegeah'OS are at present out of thequestton thetewsowherehavtogbeen broughtmfromtew Mexico, or* commanding fabulous pries*. Potatoes,for aataaaa.aiaartooaoaatoperpouad. Gardens, how-ever, are now being laid out near the ofty, aad by net.failwewillhave saataasteas fataMag wtthtafiftymiteof theatosag dtotriet wUlproveexceedtogty orola-htoandtomostesseswillbemore reHabl*thanaia.ng. sattoefurthersuaof4d4iMK>«tovoifiod.abeer,maThe rata cue- everythag e i - "sa, too,I pave-to matt too ttaarealwaysattended w.th •;*- We ham heard af aa torn of ate, b a have accvuntoaffairwhenwa eraaar*sattatetortrysamradofitsen- ttre truthbndge.Esq.,ofMilwaukee,aad P.J.Marare,Esq.aad lady, af North tteattaa, ar* atoPfstag at the Me*r**awtoa Hotelrx Itetmuter tRofcto, of Buffalo, w u prostrated, oa lastTbyasevere paralyticstroke,fromwhichheandthegrasstafine well.-'/allowd (arte inayor*) Ate*24.•tea oy RrjTM.DI2Sls« capital of each brewery at an average of 414,034,R**stod Lewis Clarke, who h u bee* lor several years con- nected «,ith the Wtodssr (Canada) Post Othse to dii&reat capacities w u recently caught to the act of portototag letters from the otlce. Saa* months since be raatoste hto position in the ottioe, and set u? on his own account u moneyknearandspeculatortogeneral. Heboeghttand.TlVNgYL Y AKIA. Ia Indiana county the crops, as *proatotaf. The rains aad warm weatbwheat, ryo, gram, oaa, An., a ta* atariare either done pisnting corn, or or* b u y at U. taa solita*quartsmines. Itnow•sea* cstobrtstart thatsaidwifl botouad to ate near th*BoothPath, speculatedtatow*toa,builtbouse*,tradedtobote*sadwellwarmed audmoistened. abradantFruitofallkindswillbeOtoarsreaartsverytaangtovorahto, ate that they aade City, May 22, we learatnat the various mining d*.r»cu are gra. He to a leader to the hard shell African Baptist semesewdaeovenesothersagainoafoot,leturning,ofsuchacharacteraatoinspirefaithtothemtod*ofthechurchtaDetroit,Mich.,belongstoth*teaofcoloreddrought,thewheataadothercerealcropswere theStoleofNuevoLeon,atedoteatUhim.OnIIafeaigrette*IranaDpart*ofthat8tta*toth* aethocghtitwouldbeaeap.taipace.Waahoe, however, It would seem, to about "playedAtpresentttatedstoGregorysarenotbeingworked ratherimprisonedhertahtohouse. generally, except such as have th* convenience of grtodTa Indiana, after north,wheatgenerallytook*fullofpromise,while andcornarecomingforwardwithgreatrapiditythe lines of the railroads thto is especially the oaai law month* there would not be hthaa*taate good security"' The geatleasn to whom It was directed latioa thousands of dollars worth of the prectous dust, for About one ton par day to the minimum quantity of pub- of busbeto at wheat which have aad win a t e their way I of taeStorra Nevada mouataina to keep has the money, and does not doubt that thesecurttr is It to sattoraetortiy osoartomed that in nearly every lead lic documents seat by thto dead head system. An into market from that State (it all being the surplus pro-In addition to toe above, It to aow weti kaowa that M ramonbutoftthecttyof Mexicowith 4.000suaaadM piecesotartillerytaquotaofthevtotortouUraga,ud *of mam emlgraata were from Saa u * war* law away, apparent •smut, without that doe coa-ta ciPfcste ate a*o-good, but cannot think of loaning it at such a low raleAnother despatch of the saase date, directed to a part- Mr here, says - "Just sold fifty fast for $10,000, send am by express ilia.'' The partner, Instead of sending the money by express, has concluded to tote It over himself,opened the quartoto rich with gold.The gulch elates are being probed with some ahvcrtn by parties who were working leads tost season, and the present results are very satisfactory. A aew gulch h a been discovered about roar ailes from Gregory's, and the parties now operating tnerein aro very eanguine of aduct of tost year s crop) will oxomd aa segregate of twe millions Thesame gentlemantaOftheopinionthattoe surplus wheat crop thto year, over and above wants, will probably reach the enormous aggregate of six milltes ofiBoiaaary for a two hundred aad aad at the tame time took alter his Interest to the 410,000. bountiful harvest of gold. Ia Lump gulch, eight milesfive aites journey overbadroads,withK« terminus A letter, dated some weeks ago, written by a former from Gregory's, already near oa* haadred handsan of the republican cluba of Pittsburg, It Is said, under the Burners of wheat have become producers, and are In them opposite intentions that* to every prahostotyresident of Nevada, to a partner who furnished him aa employed to diggtog a ditch far the purpose of thoroughly snteaahttahte country, aad at aa inclement outfit last fall, my*;—'• I have been offered $400 a foot for working the gulch, which gives great promise of goonof the year. The nMiiiinaun waa the hah* of our claims, but wouldn t asB for aay price. pay. It rawspote exceedingly well hithtoaovemutwarehatprovidedwith Theyarerisingtovalueever;day.Capitalists Twelvemilegulchtosituatednearth*SnowyRtnge, aro beginning to arriv* Prom S a a Francisco, a a d west of Gregory's. Thto gulch was disco vered during - i t'teak of a distinguished M. C now speculating u to the disposition to he made of that Muramon aad Uraga will come together, aad toe lib- ef their surplus product of wheat. The stock oa hand at erals do not place ao much dependence on their a a uN*w HAvs>» Cirv Faacno!i.--The New Haven dty eleettor the incoming hasvast will exceed oae hundred thousandtorthechoiceofMayor.Aldermenandothercityofficers barrels,whilethecropof1440willgiveathreeyears' vincible,''ubehuneverbeenbeatentotheneld.udsupply nearly. These figures are large, very targe indeed, hto impetuosity tohholy to break through the stawer ma- food aad atothtag, aad after their a m . there to aay quantity of money bar* to buy diggings, but winter months, and although prospecting could not sue took place on Monday, and resulted, u usual, ta a clear tea State that only a tew short year* ago w u a large nauvres of moot Mexican geaerato, tet to the praaatthe field of thto mineral wealth, a the mtd- ootnto scarce. * * Board to 420 a week, aad poor at oemfully be carried out, yet sufficient indications of its democratic victory. There w u an apparent apathy dis- purchaser ef Hour. instance he has to contend with a young tad estouansuc iaawild country, with few aataral Cacilitleafor that I've boas Hoarding oa tick for the last month. richness were seen to induce several large parlies to start played by both parties, u there were only 4.380 votes The amount ot whut in store to Stockton. Cal., and vi- rival, fresh from the vtotortou Paid of Item, wan u ex-re will c»ciude the adventurer* waa extremely gloomy.Ml aa m uusurata* theoaeea of suffering followed. suffice it to >ay that it w u imihaadredi of thcae adTenHirers tiled aa untimely —i frauds and kindred.i, It to true, were to be bad with very —aoa waa propattooa for theaad rata ware the ooooom the minora hadtoawaittheat Waahoe differs from the gold In the latter cam the their individual resources,at,butatneethaifamene#aaamaaaaa have been organized, with ofeapttal,readyatalltameetofunuahbay up rich claims, and a the short*** possible tuaa nd poBiwerfal machinery in the _Whoa yon com* over, bring a Uttle more coin than you want for your own use."From another part of the letter we Inferred that note, with a mortgage on the claim for security, waa what th* writer called "money."Another lesteamod citizen of Nevada loft for Waahoe about two months ago, having previously aad* arrange- ments with a couple of moneyed men to "draw" on them in case he -atruck anything good. > They, having every confidence to his judgment, arreea to honor hto drafts tor an unlimited amount After being there a f e » weeks, h e n«gotiated foraninterest laaclaim locatednearthebig ead of the Horn, aad "drawed" tor th* money to sake the first paymaau B y this time, however , Waahoe stock had begun to decline, aad bis bankers, for some unac- countable reason, have never been able to hear fromhim, although we aara oa good authority that he hasRshort time since, with aa ample supply of provisions aad tools for permanent mining during thto season, aad from what we hear Itto answering their expectations.Ta several of the dtotrtett on the Arkansas, the Blue, TarryaD, Comrade aad elsewhere, the same eheaiog aspect of racasatoul gold mining meets us.luDITHJllL FROB CIE801 VILLET,The Battle wlta taa Imdlttaa at Pyramid I t a l i a .We subjoin the following additional particulars of therecent massacre of white persons near Pyramid Lake,polled, against 7,130 at the State election in April. The following aro th* names of th* successful candidates — Mayor, H. M. Welch, dem.; City Clerk, Wm. E Downs, dem.; Treasurer, John McAltoter, whig; Auditor, Bti jab. Gilbert, dem.; Sheriff, Rodney Barton, dem. The Osmnon Council to tied, the republicans carrying the First, Second a t e Sixth wards, aad the democrats the Third, Fourth sad Fifth. After the result w u known, the democrats fired a salute of thirty throe guns, s n d had a grand triumphal procession.Mrsgipsim.—A muting ef the democracy of Lauderdale county, Miss., w u held on the 19th nit, at which the ac- tion i f the seceding delegates from toe Charleston Conven vention w u approved, and the State Convention reeom-cinity,recently,wtilreachnearlyorquitetwothousand ultantarmyothtooantiaarl Uragatoreportedtobsofailla have been erected, dam* built, a a d •stabilised a a d newspapers started. Assay have bee* eatahUahea, aad every oaebetween three and four o'clock P. M.TheIndians,judgedtobetwothousandstrong,came TtoeVisitmttl&ePrinceofWalestoOa-asteta. [Toronto Globe, June 2 jtweaa thai and next falLThe aclotte offered for obtaining claims by the tenureaf the mining laws, a* a t e b y the extraordinary success •t parties who have secured claims of value, laspiritofsgaaaJateawhichismuchtobesated. Almost every penon thinks himself a stockr, and, a* a aaharal saaaaaaaaaa. there to a very aaheatthy state of excitement. Too much mining amok is ut the market to meet th* wants of a healthy demand, aad the sooner a reaction takes plana the belter it w. J b e far ail partiee.chased for less than five or six hundred dollars. ley after volley. embracing a fair representation of all classes of citizens. made to the Sate generally, equal, however, fully to the ttou are regulated by tow, a t e cannot be avoided. A ParallelwiththeCoaatockted,bothtotheeastand lake wuorderedtoguardthepantotheoast,to Agooddealofdtooatttontookplacetoreferencetoth* productoflastyear,andtosomesectionsexceedingit. voterhateacceptsJohnSmith,whototornacceptsJohn wast, are numerous strata or leads, all of which, or nearly secure retreat. He succeeded In t h e , followed by six time and manner ot the Prince's visit, and the prepara- Corn and cotton, though small, are vigorous aad healthy Brown, and mast per force delegate hto authority to John ail,areassertedtocontainsilver,andfromwhich,when men. Hethinksafewescapedacrosstheriver,butno tionswhichmouldbemadetorhim,whichittonotneces- throughouttheStats,givingpromise,withoutdisaster,of Jones,bywhichmean*theagentofu agent'sagentactawnttea at least half a dozen times for money. The last Western Utah. The news received by pony express,ws hard of oar subsetiber he was just crawling out ofthe other ead of the Horn, having succeeded oa his way and published to the HERALD a few days ago, gave a prettyill* of the "rust upon the leaf." It to doubted vary much* If the crop yields more than on* third Its usual quota.SOUTH CAROLINA.We tern from th* Lanoutar Let/yer that considerablerain b u lallen to that district recently. In that imme diate action the rains have been abundant, but not suffi- cient to damage the crops- In the entire upper portionbrought to join this combination, u d if it is not seceeat ful he will probably assume the retos himself, ste estab- lish a sirong government, backed up by i a a r l a s bayo- net* .luarei is probably afraid of ton result, u d there- fore everything In Mexico took* take oompromtoe a pre- sent, for all parties are becoming really afraid of toe 4ii- busters.leads.Thisexistingstate*things,therelore,throughasecuringaaImperfecttitletoonefootofsuccinctaccountoftheaffair,withthenamesofthekilledmendedtosenddelegatestotheCooventiontoboboldatofthedistricttherain,onThursdaytost,wuveryde-UtheothercandidatesIttouselesstomakeaayfurtherprecluduata Wrote individual enterprtoefromhaving groundIntheGoldenCurryclaim* Tbetttgateat chaaoe of sneoms; u d this to the extotmgandwounded,wetherefore publish onlyAdditionsIpar. Richmond.structiveofthecropsandthelands,completelyextermi- mention,otherthutemythatJoaresistoooaaommt,Yi- nating the former on the low lands snd doing the hill daurrlto too rurally, u d Carvatal to probably tee auchsides much damage. The crops throughout the dtotriet, assoctoted wtththe aaertoana. Heh u often declared thatatata at affaire la Waahoe to dayThe Weatern Utah nuaea a r e comprehended withinl i t aad 144 digram a f weal (from Uraaawleh) loagltade, a t e betweaa the 44th aad 44th parallela o f north latitude, are iacraded wltbm aa area of territory fortyaara. Garaaa Ctty—the centre aad great ren of the miner*—* daautt 225 milee from Ban principal mining dtotrtoa which have that far j lelded the moat of the argeattfaroaa wealth are the faUbwing -Virginia Ctty, fifteen allea tram Ghraoa Ctty;Stiveraty,teamites, GoldHill,twelvemilee, Waahoe Lake, five mite, and Chinatown, fifteen milee.• a u r o r a ether piacea without a a y aiatinctive , where the minora are working with success. i miaea la Califorela are situated between the45th aad 4fith parallela of aortb latitude, 118th aad 119th west longitude (from Greenwich), 226 mite aoutheaat of Son Fructoco.Tatosu !• af miner* are now at Waahoe, Careoa City, Ytrgata, Ctty, Salver Ctty, Gold Hill, Crescent Ctty, aad Rtrther oa to the Wallter ,-iver digging*. At thcae placesThe Mayor assembled, by circular, m St. Lawrence Ball,yesterdaymorning,anumberofgentlemenwith B, aad we are aasuied that if Mother Nature has any ore, aad the vein has been struck to a number of other The ammunition of the force* soon gave out. The In- whom he aestred to toko counsel to regard to the recep-ACCOUNTSFROMOTMBRFLACKS.Dr. laazweert, of Virginia ctty, lately aad* some a.-says of rock found back of Cedar Hill, sn the Virginia dtelrict, which assayed as high as throe hundred dollar*a ton for the out croppmgs.In the Sullivan district, oa th* east side of Carson river, about ton miles from Carson ctty, many startling dis- coveries are being made. Thare Is no doubt but some rock,asaaytogveryheavilywithsilver,hasbeenfound there.GrtAt Ezcitcmcnt Among the Citizens—The Commencement traitor to the mother that bore him—having been born towith the exception of t h o u places injured b y the freshet, ate more than usually promising. From Charlotte City we learn that the rains bad done much damage to the crops.oBOROIA.The rumor current that the crops to thto State wouldprove a failure to erroneous. Wheal in some tocalltfes to rather thto upon the ground, but there to no doubt that even then It will produce more to the acre than tost year. Ittotrue,theremaybesomeverypoorwheat—thereal- waysto—butittoexpectedthattoNortheasternGeorgia the crop will be better than it w u last year.il thta country waa ever Americanised, it would mUe n.sa a millionaire, for he owns large lanied aad a a a g a - teresttinTanmnhpuudNuevoLeon. Hetoa present to the head of one of the dlvtotou of the 1 bevel army, andtonegotiatingstronglytorsuccess;butItsums toba a fort gone conclusion to the minds of ell thai he n to b aThere to a universal sentiment prevalent baroaboutoIn the Welsh claims, they have a lode of silver ore aOats, contrary to expectation, are doing well. The late element to bound to come to. Mr. McLane h u probablyvela become> richer and heavier the deeper they go Ormsby to suppress disturbances, contained the firstdown. Silver ore has been found ta a number of otherlodes, but aoaa of them can compare with the Comstock news. It announced that th* forces, one hundred strong,Chepultepec Club, named after t h e celebrated Mexican battle in which American troops flogged the Mexicans, to opposition to the rail splitting abolition republican u BOCiaUons.rains have brought them out.The sprtog w u cold and dry, and hence crop* of allkinds were ate in getting a start and are somewhat back- ward. Many portions o t t h e country suffered greatly from drought to April and early in May, and the extreme coldweathertoUaauary.findingthewheattoanadvanced stage, materially affected and to some localities entirely dealtoyed it, ao that the planters ploughed up the land and put it in corn. For the hat four week* the season h u been moat favorable; abundant rains have fallen to nearlyeverydirection,andcropsofallkindshave token on a forward impulse. The impression seemsbun played with u long u it tt safe to do so, and sow some other tub must be thrown to Jonathan va prevent him from staving to the ship.Ihe elections In thto country are worthy of study, audi I recommend the pan to the Sachem* ot Taamany In New York the people are but two removes from a direct vote for President, while here they are three and some- times five. In the tret place a Junta of poirttatoas collect u d designate a proper delegate, who to elected by a dis- trict, to attend a State Convention The State Caaventton then elects delegates to attend a National Oonveatioo, and thenaPresidenttachosen. Thejuntataaprivateconcern,for rahness.The Phoaix lode aad th* Desert lode, located somealto* mat of Gold Hill, assay from 4400 to 41,300 of silver totheton.struck camp on the bend of the Trucks* yesterday morn-tog, and advanced on the trail towards Pyramid Lake,Th* Comstock lode has been opaaad at diflareat ptaceefrom has*a mil* north of Virginia city to (ioli Hill—a dis-tance of four mite. At five different place* between thornpoiua,companiesar*nowatworktakingoutsilver troop*andfilingoccasionally.opened sufficiently deep, large returns are expected con- fidently.TBS MONO DISTRICT. CALIFORNIA.It is now ascertained thai, a addlttoa to vast pacer* where gold can b e obtained from every shovelful! ofothers came through the pass.A private despatch received here states that the battlew u fought about sixty-five miles from Carson, commenc- ing yesterday afternoon, about four o'clock, and tasting two hours, when a general retreat was made by the whites, the Indians punning them for twenty miles, when darkness saved the fugitives. The families are all leavingto place ot the principal, u d to the only really Imptrtut man to the matter.Bssidea these evlto, ass much strychnine whtotey, light- earth takea from the surface, than are also quarts leads the valleys. The Indians are driving off the stock andAnother crop, not generally noticed to the papers, to worthy of mention. Fruit of all kinds to most promising, snd we shall probably have more of it, and better, than we have had lor some years past. In Montgomery, Deltas snd Macon counties the crops are generally in a flouatoh- tog condition.KKNTUCKY.Throughout the State it to now rendered certain thatwheat, barley aad r y e will b e much under an average crop, all three having b u n winter kilted to an unusual extent, and the fly to some sections committing great ra- vages upon the wheat left. March w u a fine month for ploughing, a n d consequently corn, oate, potatoes s n d other spring crops were well put in, u d are now making an excellent growth. The prospeci for all such crops to good,MISSOURI.A correspondent of the St. Louis RepubUom, writingunder date oi the 1st inst., mys—You have heard by correspondents and exchanges of the drouth that has pre vailed, like an elemental curse, over this and some neigh- boring States: but you can scarcely realize its effects with- out visiting some sections or the country which have suf-government will he thoroughly ininucal to iasrican in- fluence, u d the Mexicans would not relish any piece of rascality better than te make Jonathan the instrnmeat of hto own defeat. The e i President h u not travelled ia Europe to no purpose, u d the clergy cad the aristocracy would not propose * oompromtoe if they d l l not know who wm to get the kernel of thto now nut. Comonfort a re establishment to but a part of the Anglo Franco poUcy, u d if Mr. McLaae h u dene one reasonable thing in Mexico, it w u bto Intervention against the preposnion made by the English at Vera Cruz. Seven eighths of the trade of" Mexico to to the bands of ftogUsh u i Franc* merchants to-day, and It to all nonsense to snppose that JohnBulltawillingtodoanythingcalculatedtothrow that commerce Into our bands. Senor Comonion proba- bly understands British policy now, and hto return to power ta but a step in the programme of European *ter vention in Mexico. As I w u mytag,therefore, ir u y of C monlort's agents apply tor tens or gifts send them away with empty hands; for it would be a shame ta sea our people taken in and sbavtd by this rapacious and unscrupulous crew.The Mexicans will promise anything, will oCe.-securi-ttoulars, brought by the overland mail.OUR SAN FRANCISCO CORRESPONDENCE.SAX FKAJIOSOO, May 14, I860.BucKm-AUDim Bstas.—The Augusta, Ua., Dispatch says mildly that "the candidate of the back republican patty tor the Presidency is a recreant son of the South—aef the Fytam%d Lane Battle—The Causes of the Massacre,<sc., 4c.The city was startled yesterday morning by intelligence from Carson Valley that a dreadful massacre had tokenHardin county, Kentucky, February 12, 1409, and is, therefore, fifty o n e years old. He w u a plougbboy, but emigrated to Ilhnols at the age of twenty-one, where h e became captain of a company of volunteers against the Indians, and, unfortunately for tha country, escaped the tomahawk and scalping knife.that a temporary peace m u t be patched upvarious factions to the 8tate to order to work Americana,forittarecogniseduaatoevttobtoaaoasstty that in th* present condition ot the countryf some foreignb ytelegraphic despatch, dated Virginia City, May 13, fromp a c eAIndiansfoot tbiok, th* most af which yields 4T.0C0 a ton, and the C. T. Lake, belonging to the company organized b y Major The democrats of Hartford, Conn., have organized ain the Washoe silver mine region.upon the forces and opened fire on the line in ambush.By order of Major Ormsby the troops charged. The Indians then filed to the right and lots surrounding theprepared with the means of making add boweia.thediagnosiswillbeknowntotheminersbe-piacea.Notafootofaayofthisgroundcouldbepur-dians,onseeingthis,closedtouponthem,pouringtovol.tionofthePrtaceofWales.Aboutfiftypersonsattended,tohothatbutamoderatecropotwheatwillbeneighborhoodbutth*Dietrlct,8tetesteNationalConvensary to report at length, but may be briefly summartod. The Mayor, Col. Jams, Mr. George Brown, sad Sheriff Jarvto expiated that nothing w u known by the govern- ment, so lar u could be learned to Quebec, in regard to the Prmce'a movements, a n d tnat t h e final arrange- ments would probably not be made till hto arrival to this country. It w u needful, however, to make such general preparations u were feasible, such u the official reception, and an Illumination at night, and leave the remainder to a later day, appointing a committee to procuratornation and make all neoeua ry arrangement*. Kev. Dr. MoCaul thought that they ought to make the programme of a character wht-h could b e condensed in case of the Prince's stay among u s being shortened. There would, of course, be an official reception of the Prince, and h e thought that If either a drawtoglroom or a levee were to be held the former should be preferred u the ladles could attend it He also mentioned that the bench and the bar might give aan abundant yield, though in the case of both all depend*upon the future. With the present planters are content.Tne rice crops of the low country are, generally, to aflourishing condition. The inland plantations have suffer-ed somewhat from want of water, but the grain to BOWlookingwellanapromising finely. Thesamemaybemidof sea island cotton, which b u been thrown hack by the set up the u w movement to thto country. Comonfort* drought, but ia now to a flourishing condition.penses of a ball. It w u explained, however, that the proposed entertainment would be got up by subscription TheSheriilstatedthathehadseenthe Hon.John Ross, lately returned from England, and that Mr. Rom couldcedented, and ito blighting influence so withered and cursed the green leaves, blades and blossoms of early May,andtheprospectotcropswusogloomy, thatthe farmer's heart grew u sad u hto face w u long. But aUntitled Documentwaaaas hastKDIANA.reuhtag Bartholomew county, goingexchange hu added to theenormities by discoveringthat Abe Lincoln h u had throe pain of boots franked tohim. But this a a trifle In comparison with a new iniquitythat h u just transpired. An Abe Lincoln rail, that costtea dollars in Sangamon county, Illinois, w u u n t to one The States a California and Oregon from being con to the sago, while Miramon to equally bent on rasing tt.bushels• CALIFORNIA AMP OREGON.torn, and yet with thto immense crop over thare will b e •early or quite thru times the quantity rated the pre- sent year.VIRGINIA.The Petersburg (Ya ) Ksepnu mys; —"Intelligence froma Ilka temperament wtth Miramon, u d where the two seem to be so weU matched tt tt hare to decideto U v u - what the result will ho, although 1 hot a y aoacy iThe election for President of thto republic is said to t a set down tor the month ot June, aad thare are already five liberal oandioatea to the field-Juarez, Cosaeatart, Alvarez, Carvatol snd Yidaurrl. Comonfortto the oan- promtoeorunioncandidate,fortttoreported thata*he aevery direction coincides u to the scarcity or tobacco tothis section of Virginia. Not one-fourth of a crop, it tothought,will be aade to many portion*of Dtawiddie,whilefromtheuppercountiesthecomplaintsareeven successfulittaprobableMiramonwillaccepttheposition worm."of lieneraltasimo of th* army naner him Arrarea, of InNewKentcountythewheatcroptosufferingallthe Guerrero,theoldWarwickofparttmtathiscountryaThe wheat and meadows a r e quite beyond redemption, but with seasonoble rains hereafter the corn and other crops will show an abundant yield.from the main stem and counted m the presence of sev- innuence of Degollado. aad therefore he to retimed eral gentlemen. The yield w u 4,800 grains from oae grain. a the head of the military to wear the laurels when bet-Valleyto200gallonsperacre;onwellcultivated vine yards to iavorable posiUons, 3C0 gallons, which is about the aveiage product to Prance and Germany. In atttaoart snd Illinois the yield did not exceed 200 gallons per acre,and Sooth Carolina, it w u very much reduced by a destructive frost to April. The hills of South Carolina u dGeorgia are rapidly becoming covered with vineyards.B. Spear, Arthur B. Sullivan. W.CfaurchaU, Jr., and wife, OR* win* grower h u already planted ninety acres with nor gave him a serenade en the night of the 24th, after the grape. In regard to the variety, the Catawba suffersgreatly from untimely frosts wherever they occur. Seve- ral new species that seem tern subject to dtoease bav* already been partially tried, snd found to yield wteas su-The weather to delightful j u t now, u d toe Ptom to nightly filled wtth charming senortaa to hoar th* m^tary bud dtoeoarse music from the square which American energy built aad anameated white our army occupiedIn ran* SroRn m ST. Lorn—A terriblethe kjcaiity of St. Louto oa Saturday tost. Tha fir* toti- aatioa given of Its approach to t h u portrayed by too Mtpumeanofthacity;—theskybecameovarcanwithjuredthewheatinaaa*tooaliton,ateaoaafieldsaato thought them two thuaderboits wttl a u n tscmewnere between Guanajuato aad San Lutarato have bat recently oaptured SuLutaud areuw beaiegiog Guanajuato, and Craga to baaaattig u to mastthey would like to. Miramon to popularly termed - i n -aad sometimes tbere are two of them a a poputouaKnowing the Mexican character u well u 1do, 1leaf called upon just here to warn your rather free and apecu - lative people from being taken to u d done for by any of theComonfortcrowd who naycome beggtoc aaney tohamLHabetween t h e against to* www.fultonhistory.com 