 BBJaaviriv . far Pk*U_iMgtefore)*»fortV»- rafltaB,fm> *ittajr. forL*J Vietorta. . Nmmah,}, S « » O r . ' Cseland* -, **y. ante % laa"Jra,KWa.fwJfewUna! B M -oat. Hew'», Harry.Ho*; Ma! Ml Sauna,l»iopirB»a Brown, 4 Doie;L czaJJvti_!«<*pMal• TMraftSStoo, » d - ti LR*4 < tnmnrai TI*, Mwa*»!mdfto> .-«r. Kk*. Re«bo h»vo aot ttoo to bothor thMM«WM In pBrmg over orodiuw«rk3to<i«goat»r«»gn.• •.^iroiiomlcaj kiwwledto, « • BBTOprepared a BBott haetcii, which wiU he RJOB* qeito MI Mooch lor aliaMfui JMTPMM."MI ofthetanare BjJ bytheMOOhBJBMIgb» i n k s Be earth aaa the ma. The Btnoa reroiv-s trouadProf.Jenabte. Mr. nwcaochots, F»«ogranhers; Mr IJe- ber^Mr Edward eoodfeUow, Aw*. U. A C. A; Mr. W B. M.luetrie,U.BC.a;MrT.DuBarry,do.;Mr.Robert Hatt, do.; Mr. A. W. Thompson, da; Mr. a Walker. Mr. Wm. Heary, Mr. Charles WIIBM; Mr. Charles French, thief Engineer of the Bibb; Henry NOOM, Asstetont do.*BOW TO VDTW m acuna.TO gat a good view of tao eclipse, cut the above dia-gram oat of the BUUIJD, faco the mat, and hold the diagram up, looking through i* towards the son, at the time of its obscuration. The sun's appearance at the mo- ment of its greatest obscuration will thus be seen. Smoked glass is also a common medium used to see eclipses. Mr. AM Smith, the gentleman mentioned above, has publish- ed a vary beautiful colored diagram of the eclipse, con talniag a full history and every thing ef use connected with the occurrence. It is for sale fit Appletoo's, la Broadway. NFormerly eclipses wo»e regarded as indications of the wrath of the gods, and were viewed with fear aad trem- bling by the ignorant masses, who beLeved the dark- Bsst which overspread the heavens to be the immediate precursor of pestilences, famines, aad evils without num- ber. Bat the light of science has dispelled most of them erroneous idea, particularly since the dawn of Chris- tianity. There is still, however, a numerous dam of people who cling to the old superstitions, notwith- standing the wonderful accuracy with which scientific mea predict the occurrence of them celestial phenomena; and m a n j remarkable coincidences have tended to strengthen them in their lolly, such m the happening of destructive distempers and pestilences.According to Prof. Meriam, the sage of Brooklyn Heights, a comet will aim bo in attendance upon the eclipse to-day. This comet, it ta said, will ho viewed well from the banks ef the Cumberland, ta Tennessee.Besides the expclitiocs mentioned above, another urn been organized by the Vu-criy of Egypt, aad sent into Ethiopia to observe (he eclipse. IB Ethiopia, it must be understood, the eclipse ends, while in Oregon it begins; so that both at its commencement and termination scien- tific eyes will note, aod scientific pens record, the mag- netic intensity, inclination and declination. The EgyptianThe letter WM handed in at ear office ta the usual manner, and M it was signed by Mr. Morriamy'a nam , and it* terms appeared to bt in accordance with bis pre- VIOUBdeclarations, we mpposed it genuine, and there- fore gam It to tbe public.Hrookl)atheywerereceivedwithasatateottwentyono guns, fired by the Duncan Light Artillery, Cap*, dmttb, who bad their two field pieces posted near the ferry lead- ing.The Zouaves wore received with loud demonstrations of applause by the thousands of Brooklyaites who wore as-nesses, in consequence of the utter inability of hta client toaidhimintnelineofdefenceneceaaaryontheooca- steB.Francir Skiddy erosf examined—WM a director of tbe Pacific .Steamship Company Stam 1863, and sometimes durit t that period he had acted M President pro ternQ. Do you know tbe mimes of all the rooks kept by theei mpai y m wi ich they r ecord traamotkms witn regard tosto BT A. Y es, they are, the transfer stock book, me cer-tificate book and the i tuck ledger, tome are all the bookslust* f, NYorB,*. e: A.At this late hour it is impossible to aacertain whether this note is or ta not in Morrtamy'a haadwritiag, or which, if either, ef the two tottws signed "John Morris-ney, A»w»Jt-a, J f* A, itailta,Mr. A l ba- vk. BIB*. TIBBPV.r won 11aadCBa- ia; W b u * r Brown. CM •fa:|»o*» Knfarwa»K»a> »:• R F II "• 1 4 l*I'«tf Mrfet, S; p* ii«n« >r*j l l o r r * * .«, CaO*V* B*'U- Waruif. N»l- -JRFoppe, Atexan-a oa,Bal. , Su. ib» IBB, i.r.4 CM, foe* f-jre re-*BeKar- , Kick- I Brad- fc0wia.«,UtcBM, oefcor. k iJHEeU, , fromCam- Oal*.Haff.MJSculS-Haw*Kftaw bdet*, r*ai-41 Tar Meal* rdler, .^aer.Mlte-rot*.oeby. J«l%Hor-ruifWB- Oal-StVM BMonB, WU-rtlla.•ft.rtra.rtm.-UKif.istoarttThis concluded the cross-elimination of tho witness,MMBm M|*f •U a t a t m ^ a m t f adtaUjgnttbolMdBMMM^tM. JniaJ eclipse en**s.the gnat cetestial tadtreetiy stated, ta theof to-day.In Yesterday g BmtetB wa publtahed the ttaOowtag challenge, pnrportlng torn from John Morrmey, «tBeJily 19,1990. t BOOM; Md •TBE BXABDiATIOM OPThe exammattoo iato this cam wasmorning before Justice Ccanoily, at theI-oltce Court. Inmtoiatety alter theJ. stice Connolly mid be wished to correct awhich had appeared in some of the Sunday Morning pa- pers, to the effect that tba prisoner, Hoffman, was not confined m other prisoners m situated wotkt be, Bat that be was allowed to be alinuat at large, and free to go where Be liked. In just: ce fo himself, he wm called upon to re-Tto ruiBBOf'l tavestigatim la tea highlyin the of the Superior Coart.a* tea yesterday mecatag. The number ofwaa vary limited.The same jury having 1Mary ABB Davis was sworn, ithe corner ef Bm* Fiftemth street, Ma 31; am mm there; WM to tbe honse on the eveateg of tbe BBth; rw1 reHp| a ui New York Creates* obscuration felirwe ends at Wroie Jurat;* n.7 tisurs 10 minutes, morning.tathscoasaiy expenses, and limit tho number of spectators, for chairtat the table, when be dm interrogated as follows — md wished to give himself ap; the Judge beard what he year own convenience and their comfort. We shall i»• Judge—Mr. Hufiman, you pure about to be examined in had to my, and directed him to come to tbe Tombs at 9 pleased to have a favorable "reply from you. Very re reference to the charge here preferred against you—the o'clock nest morning; be then left and wm* to tba Mom Kpectfully. &o.1....„*,,. . . IWIJ«!..I.:I in • i ^Mimm******" ' " p p '1" —^^^^^^"^^We refer to theaf aha M B , wtetob will occur to-day, aad which will PUJIWI • • « <MMd we th ' edition reaches many ofocr rm dtatent readers. Thong* thta cstaattel»be Boat view can be eatotasd of tt, and agnt me agaM, t win BM M M aw* ta BM WVa. BOW I Sixth raglBMBQ armory, over Centre marks*, bynumber of scientific expeditions have tc- have htmiCBthe fm*. IwlU fight bmtatwaravMtBsrroM company C, Thirteeuth regiment (National Gray4),atentagtbere to behold aha eclipse un- signing articlea. for from ten dolhvs to ten U»-H»sand a Captain J. 8. Morgan, numbering forty muskets.MB ] • SB*t tthe mosttaUresttag Badaew ferry boat Peconic, especially reserved for the use •> tho Zouaves am) tneir escort. As they proceeded down Broadway, en route for Brooklyn, thousands of oar citi-the mr-M oace ta aboot every WHiy I*M»M between (he earth a n tmchperod. Ileaee, there woaid be ao eeUpm of the ma at*!*? aew BMOB, aad a total eclipse of the moon at a«ery (all mma, if the noon • erbit VM in the Mmo ptaae with the oeatre of the sun end earth. Butihla.M• well laoim, aott nut occur. The moon's orbit makee aa aagle with the earth's orbit of | 1 3 datrsM, which rMMre h bwasMibM lor aa ecllMo to take piece as fre- e,e«BUy as might be mpposed The least namber of ecliBMB thai OBBuke place is one year ts two, Both of the ma; MMsraWMt i i r t e is iaeveB. There are gene- fBHy three or (bar cclipeeo daring each year.h has Bern Mrwtohwd hj MtrnncMiii n e taeUpMa of the same kind and mag' itude there is a period of 228 ianaUoea or moons. This is the sixty first periodi- cal retara of the present eclipM, which, awaordiaf to sa- ered chronology, Made JM first ipseaiMuu since the orea- tteo at the year A D. M8, December 8, oU style, at too o'clock Man., fbreaum, when tie moon's penumbra just came in contact with the earth at the Booth pale. Once then it bm eontinoed to appear regularly tt the end of every nineteen years. Its next appearance will Be la 1W8 July SI. at three o'clock 8Sa». in the morning—in-T a b l e in the United States. II will also appear again in IBM, August 9. It will continue to appear every nine- t i e t h year uatil the year 'laid, April V , warn the moon's shadow will Just touch the jarth at the north pole, which WIU BO Its Mth' periodical and last appearaaoe until the exptralieo of 13,498 years, * Urn it will come on again a t the south pole, end go through a simitar course. The TC- toc:tyoftbe MOOD'S shadow across the earth during the eclipse will he about 1,860 m;k« an hour, or four times the vtluelty of a caaaoa ball.The eclipse to day will be visible froM Must parte ofA. In Ociober of Novemb-T •.« h year.vi. Who were the offlwrs • .-cted in November, 1999,'A W H. AsptaWaU, W. H. W ..b.Chas. A. Davis Ohss. Hwere walking test or renaing. m if ta pursuit of toe tm man; they «ent towards tae Fourth avenue,pammg the area where *b> mm WMconcealed; it WM bright moon-9 [ 10 " 9 J" 10 " 2 • •" uThe follow ing cut, prejiare 1 mitk grout care uador scien- tide di-»ctioo, rapresents the cOhiflo at its greatest obscu- ration in New loth:—B B B B B B a ^ ^ ^ B a ^ & Ai st all ptooM ta the UnlteUo; the parallel of ktltado of the city of New York, aad greater at aU ptaeat north at thwparaital, than ta ro-again a hen Dugan drew a revolver ami rabidly fired The Zouaves apeak in the highest terms of tbe kiudnese rent from his general appearance of his being admitted "By all means, givo yourself ap m quieWy ai four times in succession. Then taking to his heel.-1 bo and hospitality extenocd to them since their arrival ta to bail. In the prisoner's present state it wm utterly poeUble;" he raid be would do m that afternoon_OaBMYy, BOty Utile BBS bOM M M Of WTtUM BbOOtI*ffwiwMww^VJfcwJ iQkQw^uiwHiOCtl*CJt Of MAMPOMVOMBVOTWIsod HTttto, md Beam the public cannot be expected toknowMmuchaboutItshistoryBudCWMMtheyother-wtas wonli. for the Beaeit, tBoreforo, oT the M M , ly volunteered to a -commoy the expeditioo; Pmt ftoith,zens thronged the sidewalks to get a glimpse at *hetired to bad about tea o'clock, aad bett elevmaad twelve my attentionday*, aad oMBBfaant- m a oooe dortag eachfollowing acceptance of tbe supposed chaJeage:—to rwB BDrroB O F T B B BBBAU>.and as the Zouaves auo the escort marched in the mwtaes presented arms. After the troops had marched down the main street ef the Navy Yard they came to a "halt"betweenwith permission to visit all tbe points of interest In the yard. The principal part of tho military procoedud to visit the receiving ship Nor. h Carolina. On getting on board this antiquated old line of battle ship there wm aq. Did you obswia him pantautarry? A. I did, betFTTHE NEW YORK HERALD.the United Ulatoi and Caaada, as well as to Europe, and a expedition la amply furnished with all the necessary ap- Bey," are genuine. None of Mr. Morriasey's friends who season, which the military ate with a greatlargo part of Asto aad Africa.taw ram or *HB acuraa oraa oat EASTSta described M fWlow» by Mr. 4M »sith, fbrmerly princi- pal of Palms School No. IS, ta this city :—The pmuatbra, or partml shadow of thecom* ta contact with the earth) at the riaertMna paraof lena, betweenHew ahotaa; It will taea take a uottfioaMuriy and taeo aaewssMBBBaw coatm over the earth. The umbra, or totaldark shadow of the moon, will tirst come in contact withth* earth In the Puctsr oeeeu, one nun sired miles wtst of Great Eastern- More than six thousand six hundred peo- ( t a s m , oirecily west of OregoO City, and a littte to the ple passed through the turn stiles, rambled about her•fight identify the handwriting on; be (band, and the re- ports ta regard to Mnrrtsmy's pretence in town are so contradictory M to be unreliable. We therefore give the matter to the public ia the shape ta which It now stands, and await former developemeute ia tbe matter in order to disentangle this pugilistic imbroglio.A SHOOTING AFKKAY ON THB COBNKR OP BBOAD- W A T A K 9 THIBTBKWTH BTKEBT, BBTWHtM TWO PARTISANS OF HEKNAN AND HORRIS3BT—T WO HEN INJCKKD.Another episode in tbe excitement attending the ar-to bam his defence of hta client,Samuel 6. Ogden examined-—Q You examined tbe com-paratus, telescopes, thermometers, barometers, Be.TheOM 1MB INOBBASB—BECUBBONS—ATOA. No, it wm a man; I don't think that the man was ta the an a as long as a quarter of aa hour; if apersea bad bonks yon exammed? A. The transfer boot, the crossed over and got tato the Fourtu avenue oar I shouldOF THB SWVBWBB TO-DAT— tXCIDBKTS, CTC., 1TC.certificate book, toe stock ledger, md tbe dividend book.Q. Did you examine any looee paper* in addition to thebooks? A. Yes I examined pea-era of attorney, subucription lists, and certificates of surrender; I also made in ted I wm ta Twentieth street; toe next day IYesterday WM one of the best paying days that has thus far been experienced in the American history of thesome instances a comparison ot toe b «iks of the companywith b. okers who were dealers In the stock. Q. How farhack do you c^rry your examination? A To November,l&o& VI- When did you s a t e your examination? A. I barrelled revover; I did aot examine to am whether tt 5 commenced it On the 17tb or lHth of May last, but it is discharged barrels bad on exploded caps; I am certainsou hwest of toe mouth of too Otrfuubia river; It will decks, dove to the bottom of her sepulchral abysms, re- rival of john C. Htenan, the "Benicia Boy," occurred tsr« UMS la a BoriheMterly uiscction over British America w Biinssa'n Bay. asar F-JTI York, at the mouth of clined ta her ekgant saloons and rendered the homage of ItataMa. nver, eraatttig Hiatsue's Bay and Iabrador to an enthusiastic admiration. Morning seems to be gene- Cape CJKU -J, wham wUi be tie most •hrorabte posittaa«• wMCawttaeni for oheorTiof the total aeli^se. It wil rally regarded m the ftvrorite pan of the day, and fromthis time acta throe o'clock tn the afternoon visiters pre- sent themselves In throngs.The excursionists are somewhat "backward in coming fiH-ward," in as targe numbers as were expected, buttest night in the shape of a shooting affray between twopugaacioaB Individuals, which resulted tea damaged were very rcauf.and akmive, no* ehowiug the slightestCommittee oa OrganisatioB, in which this subject diately took it to the station bournand gave it to Capta.n wm referred to. n. What broker*, aceotutta did you Be. aett.compare with the company f books? A. Ludlow Thomas, Wm. k. Belts, being sworn, deposed as follows— A. G. Norwood, James a. Brake it Co. and A. Colville;th-w eaasr the Atiaauc Ucecui, owtsing uuo east until near rstander.AS near as we can learn the facte of the ease, it aj>-the l'erociouwieM and brutality of wild men.At four o'clock P. M. the Zouaves reached the Park, aud1 reside at Patcbogue, L. I.; I have been acquainted with I'do not remember any others now. Q. From whom did Charles Jeffords for about two or three years; it to about you obtain the surrendered certificates and the power of that time that I first raw him at my place; I MW himI) *v>c*B ef taot- yarr *eii. the so IUUSIucajw of Uroenlaad, whtre the cm #'il be t?.alt} eclipsed at noou of tba. ptave; it wiB ihen tskea enrve.) liue to«ard» the southeast pass'u? over the north of HpaxS, toe Mediterraoeaa s*a,were honored OB their arrival by a saluto fired by the pears that between eight and nine o'clock a party Napper Tandy artillery After marching arouuu toeattorney referfed to by you when making your examina- again about three or four weeks ago; this wm at Pat tions? A. From the Treasurer aud punter of the oomp".ny. enogue, he remained there a little over two weeks the Q. How many oiftertut eutiies have you exauiined and fit t time; he left there on Saturoay the gad of June, and verified? A. 1cannot state exactly, bet there were seve- returned on the Monday follow ing; he staid there from ral thousands. {Q. How nearly compk-ie is your investi- Monday to Thursday, the 28th, and torn left, say .rig gation? A. I cannot say; it hejiends entirely upon results. he was going to spend the Fourth of July ta New York and Q. Do you tako up and venfy every entry back to No- would take a trip to see s ime friends ta Delaware or someAlti.-^rs, Tripc.i, Foaaaa, the uWMMtsracorner of Fgypt ta small squads of one, two or three hundred, they ma the corner of Thirteenth street and Broadway, drill. Tbe driU commenced with the Zouave manual taw> Vubia, where it wilt taarethe earth near the Red Sen, viz:—Shouluer arms, trail arms, secure arms, fix i«ayoa istsle bstorc the Mtlto; if the tun at that pbtoa. The aage in the morse of the day to swell up a very respect tl J headquarters of Heenan, as has b en usual riets, charse baymiots, unfix bayonets, right shoulderpath of the oasora ta which tao sua wilt be totally «r"p*«d, will be about TO mfes in width, whereas the &"Vimi "A, ua which 'the sun wii) inpear mora or lee-terlipam. will extend from th| Gate* of tfes'-o to M dar uptui th<> <->poostw> side of thej North Foto, a uistance of over 0.009 miles. The tuubrtf in it* paatia£e over the earth sautes a utrved line; it>4 is CSUVM by the spherical- IMD of the earth, if the ea.; ta were a hat suKiioe the path of the umbra would then be a straight ltae from the L<xthwwt Hi sotrJieost, making an angle with '-ne e«juator •if 17 Jeg. At ail places wuth of the line of total eclipse the sun's northern limb will fceclipsed: but ta Europe, £h».and, lm*a irt^iire* niuiiu, Iceland, and the noitherapart of Bt -Mm . MM !>•*, the southern limb will be eclipsed. New Yorken wiU \&ve a fiae opportunity nf viewing theeclipse, sad under very fltvorable ctrcumstaaceB. It willable aggregate. To-morrow, however, a delegation of at every day since bis arrival, dra<m together by the shift arms, Be. After executing tho manual the Zouavesleast a thousand are expected from New Haven and vicinity, and we learn that other cities will shortly con tribute a host of sight seers to the wonderful ship.Mr. Jarrett, who has charge of this department, is active.ia his operations, and cxr«ct8 to be able, cro long, to extend his indefatigable fingers over every section of the country.In regard to the ship, it is needless to my that her Su- preme Excellency ta in admirable condition. She is em- phaticaly ta court dress, and no one can come away from ber without feeling that tn every department open to public inspection, master minds have been at work. From stem to stern the decks are covered with awnings, and the promenade in the cool air and bracing breeze ia of the most delightful character. Seats are also com- fortably' arranged in various places, where the weary can Mjoy repose.irrepiessible curiosity to see tbe hero, which just nowpervades the entire community. In this crowd were twoweie allowed a snort respite. After a fewminutes tho second part of tho drill begau vember, 1858, or is your examination conducted by tree. ether place; I told bim I had w o e bustaem ta the city,Now tba* the officers have become acquainted withHall and a number of other gentlemen, will start on apleasure excursion for Niagara Falls, aa invitation to thisftVt having been tordfrrd by one of the railroad com- panies Whom lines lead thitiici ward.Cadet:, i.f Chicago:—amount of bail ut a figure which would enable his friends to find set-erity for bis appcdraiK*.to MB Aw a fhmily ticket and i*nnissk« to sleep on board. It would, no douht.be the asfestptace in a large citv for such an ahta-ijrtnal Individual.Chm. W. Saudford, Wm. Hall, Brig. Generalthirty, sir.Q. Whure were you born ? A. Iu the city of New York. Q. Where do you live ? A. Iu the city of New York?a What ta your occupation ? A. Clerk.q. Have you anything to lay, md if so, what, relativeto the charge here preferred against you? A. I consider myscifnotguilty—notguilty,sir.card; next morning I went to the Lafarge Home, where I found Mr. Jeffords, andrwe went down to meet Jadn Os- borne by appointment; be torn gave himself ap; I only knew ttiat be bad a step tether, bdt I did aa* knew even his name.q. Did yon ever know thatMr. JeabrdsBadapfetoir A. Yes, sir. iture, aad BBdu«bt be liberally encouraged; but whetherit ta eotojwsed of one of five thousand, some arrangement before cheers for tho "Benicia Boy" and shouts forq. What did bo my to yon ta regard to this oxurmneef A Be said he knew Bothtegabout it whatever; BOaaid he knew no more about it than I did or any other pan this was on the 7th of July; I understood him to my Ishoo Id be adoptet tc prevent the disomfott which an oneafv Jew would be sure to produce among the manyamass to be their follow vovagerB.was yesterday morning found floating in tbered to the foot of Christopher street. Mr. chief t jginec- of tne shir, b-tiug notified of several of his assistants procjed-x! to the It might he the body af a man who wm nt after the arrival of the ship, but theyttfy i taman,woman andchildfoiloutof a r boat as they wore attempt lug to lu*d on the wharf, I came near being the subject" of a metanehMy item, ••ct were rear.jtd alter » dtucraole excitement, byofil-Giamairm-—Your con .nuication of to-day extending Theriismpsion on the question of ball wm resumed, aad as wm oct with maw friends oa the night is sawnm.cem Brodm and Hcciibw*.This morning there will douMkdi be present aa im-this invitation, I am, resspeclTuily, your obedient xervaut qu<*tionably the rare quality of producing a favorable E E. EIJ-SWORTrL1NJl SCTION AO A1K8T THB 8MVEMTB ATBRTE KAIL1M1 AD. JCLT 17 —The People of tho State of New York md theBOSK throng, the new attraction Lei' g tbe Chic igo o'rJom a short drill will take plaet OB the spmious deck,power of description, a strong vela of humor, m d what iafraRTs, VOOBCBBB and others.h ta undvre*oud that the exhibition drill will tako placeaadweshaUbe aghrted the icmarka .e spectacle t^ a maairV parade on the pomeful plmks oTthe largestthe ladies, who are the best judges la*the world of such at tbe Acrctmy Of Music, on Tbnrbday evmtag, at eightearly.stag eight at times of the prim fighter ta remembering them more gentle features of Bis character, m protnimatter in charge, by requt«t of C-donel EIWworth Col ddtterfieM, of the Twelfth regiment, at the request o CoKmel Pinckney, has tendered an eecurt for tae occasion, which has been accepted, and l\Mlworth's Twelfth Regi- me! t Band will be present and perform daring the inter va's oi tbe drill. The prfo- of admisaleu will be fifty cents -,« h )<ereoc for tbe pnrpom of defraying the expenseNo cmts will be mmrved.Lext evening the Z*wave* were entertaint d to a Iwontl-1U cciiatio" by Company F, Wishtagtna Greys, Captainbringing the in tne act eoiiStruc*ion < lei Railroad." doing m y f^ •ivorre the"art winter, iff. and rei.it from Monday, the zSth, to Thursday, tba Sato Jan*, I Svett to him BBBBmB up ta a piece of aeaapapar warn left, thocgh he came hear forgetttagtt; be mid he bad forgotten H* pistol, and I went and go* it for BJM: 1 think it wa-' wrapped 14, in a mper when I gave Mto b mback;II(flpr(*.ty sure Cat it was in tbe 1 r-ntlwca't be confidmt: he told melt' Unrolled revolver, baf I oldBot <M.ei, that ptato. staee.W l i U a r a s b . r w f i t y H o w s .man naineu John Ktlley, residtag tnnently in centra** with its11 yateafly, M «very cos whom l s a s T a m d t e s w r r i a m e t a - parfoct health, owing,shades.reatrajtaiagiany mtici by theby the tart 1/wislature, authorizing the .seventh avenue or "Br odway Pdral- ton are also enjoined agalmt tof tho grant. This suit will objectknato the railroad tagkdatiuu oftate 2KB!^**i?i**« r****PNorth m t h street, E. I»., was arrmted yesterdayifor driving at a furtoes rate tarefgh Grand at -vet, and ca-e- a -over a cBBd three years old,ta aware, to beta rem allw meet ut bis elm* eys,mdivlduolbeJMBtorftildtiiit a a dBhw tS for Mb§p!a3|fe*£ by dmA*torBefjaexM»ral,ali toepob- lie interests affected byBarlta tat* Bighl char fed with a daa<«eroaB aa*work known aa such, either ta French or Englbh. the drill which ta used by the Zouaves ta that practiced hy th* French troops, called first ftawa affirtoma, J.\-r the D.K- dfJrkans. the oldest son of louis Phdliope, wb« cctr.mandea them; aftorwrnda eBomaavs da vta-, became BVy were driflcd at BBM for ross, andwsrd P. Cowl* Anthony J. Hill. Hugh Smith, Joba - Hunt, Jacob fmirf, Tbntiiia H. Tower, Poter B, gweet . Jrha B. Bahoock, Bobert Marshall, iohn Kelly, JambNBui of tbese persons an MM tdvraprcmB* George Law and h a interests.BUtkLOWtbri-w^ ABdwwBaaTM Theany family da rifle, aat ami.OSntvtrOB aVMBM. Ep s fates 1 ami BMB tawBwaaiwmastewareeteteOattwrevolrer on ary trtt girtag tt to btaa to keep**w '•uf Creeapoiit, lajirtat whichE a . r o -nrtasted with Chteese tanterne. The eotadton wm gottoa up uf.der the airdotiOM of Gustavra Bats, ef the Phitade*- phta lkrre.into tbe city treaeury. itwillakobe "of privatewell known tan owned much of Clinton ptane andpay fnUvdne for them wtgm before tbe cout. theqamttea of toe rights nted fa t a l i m t t . M i t i s tbe Badors'ftmg iltrbor wateh CtarvefBHy ptece,•rilybn been accused tf tt, be dJbe forad wilt him test they atcoMdone it, aad that be had either thrown it < tor(wrnitaw«;Itc4dbteitmdttwmaaMymmddoMso be mid tMA amw ttootbv ante* bad Bm Brass tteveningMr. Heeaaacalledat ouroffice, andafterl a s texpressing bis surprise at the haste with which Mr. Mor-risaey WM pressing the affair to an team, left with oa th- the tatter, the garrison guard of marines was turned out,akm, m I thoorht tasysire to express is that, like the stakes, the forfeit may be vessel was Inspected from stem to stern, and from the pow targe. Yours truly, JOHN C. HEKNAN. der magazine to the oook'a galley, and tbe Zouaves exkeep any book iu which would appear, on inspection,the uuiLbcr of shares held by each stockholder? A. Yes,there wm a stock list made out at the deman 1 of theBoard any time! they desired: It. Q Would stuck lists benude out at ajny particular time? A. Yes, prior to elec-tions such lists "would be made out in order to ascertainwho were entitled to vote. Q. A* what time of the yeardid tbe company make dividends? A. I think in *besecond weeks of May and November, but they have madeextra diviuetidH in August. Q. Do the company keep abook of minutes? A Yes, sir-, containing the promo uige a straw hat or a very Usht felt.of tho Board of DirectorsJ and of committees of the q if the person bad thrown anything mams the lot Board Q. Who kept the minutes? A. Tbe Secretary. rfould you have mm tt? A. I think I would.At a late hour, however, a messenger called at the HBBALD office and left the following note, enclosed in ao envelope bearing the water mark at the Congress Hotel. Saratoga Springs, and with the endorsement, "Deliver to-night, sure:"--TO TBB BTOTOB OF THB HERALD. auuTocu Sraraas, July 17,1900.pressed themselves gratified at the courtesies extended hi them by the natal officers. The dry dock, machine shop uid other places were visited, and the Zouaves appearedtMgbiy delighted.From the Navy Yard the Grays and their guests marchod by a circuitous route to the front of the City Hall, waere a laige concourse of people *ere in waiting to see ticun. The steps of the City Hall and the tops *n- windows orday.I desire to say in answer that I am not the authuiMy attention bm been called to a challenge, purporting the bouses furewbed their quota of smiling faces, and mQ. can you tell the dates at ; which the capital of the company wm increa-eu' A. I could not answer positively without reference to tho books. Q. Whenever the law permitted aa increase uf capital, how wm tbe capital of the company increased? A. By subscription; a subscription book is kept for this pur pose? Q. Bow: many subscription books are kept in toe efliet? A I think three. Q Iu your statements, with re- ference to the amount of stack issued, upon what know leage did you speak? A. from an eouninalioo of the nooks made by myself and in connection with the Presi- dent ana dlectOrs of the company.Question to witness—Is that the coat? and upon his testimony counsel Mid he hoped to be able Witnet-s—No, sir; that ia BO*the coat,to come from me to John C. Heenan, in your irnue of thisthe troops name iu siaht cheer upon chaer greeted the n A* this point tb«- Zouaves were reviewed by Mayor Powell, Major General Dury •;, Brigadier General Crook, Coiouel Abel Smith and other military men. The review am coudu'i'.-d with muchq. You My that tbe side face of the person you mw v,aslikeMr.Jeffords? A. Yes,sir.The Coroner here directed Char es Jeffords to stand so m to show his side (km to the wtt&esa.Q. Docs this young man's side (ace BOW resemble the person yet: saw? A. Yes; I remember the hair aa the neck; tho bat bears some resemblance to that which I saw; the coat, 1 think, WM something lighter.By a juror—I did not hear any other pistol shots (rem any other direction.Ihc Coroner now directed Chm. Jeffords to pot on the dart, drab coat.rof mid «halleoge nor have I authorized any person or )?rsons to issue such challenge m my name.Moreover, am not training for a fight, but am bete for my health,ce and have business of more importance on hand than pre- remony, md at its conclosio.i Mayor Powell ex-paring for such a contest.Yours, respectfully,JOHN MOKRI&EY.pressed his gratittca i»u at the true martial appearance of the Zouaves, ffvum the fit> Hull tne *roops were march ed to the Pierrenont H o i . , where, at two o'clock P. M., a sumptuous dinner w*> served up in honor of th- Zouavea, gotten up unoor the • >«ti<m ot' Company V, vatiuwkl Grawa. Tne t*m •* iu tne dining room of the hotel were loaded with a.i too delicacies of theindividuals named Patrick MaiDonald and John Dngan, aDeputy Marshal, as we are informed, under Captain tag in platoons and company in quick and double quicktime. The third part of the Zouave emit .lion was in theRynders, the former being a warm supporter jbf tho skiratfeh and Bayonet drill. They d ployed company by•B-'j, and the latter a friend of Murrissey. Tbe topic llank, extended mtorvals, closed interval, deployedcolumn (ii a centre group, deployed left put-urn (too first was the challenge of Morrissey, published ia tho Hnu'.n held ta reewrve)) and rallied on the reserve, and viceof yestcruay; but the conversation soon mscuted tho rem. This drill was by far the best of tbe three sinceDirect examtaation—Bc-sitles tho nau-rials I have men- tioned I oxuutiued i'ttcrr from prisoner to Thomas, and bone checks and eccourns.' The witncis (Thomas) wfis not prefent, and counsel, under the oirn-tions of tbe Court, reserve^ the right to examine him at some future time, if tt should be thought necessary.Mr. Clinton explained that Mr. Davidge was still too ill to attend to give evidence, but the prosecution were con- ton* to rest their case at this stage.Mr. Doyle .idoie?.-« d the Court with regard to the con- dition of the deceased, and the necessity that was appa-aad sat there; I said, "Jeffo-rds, you are here, am your" he replied "Y es," and mid he wanted to am am a few moments, and asked me to walk up stein; when I want up stairs tato his room be pulled a newspaper out of bis pocket and said be had been accused of shooting hta step father; he tbtn read the article to me; at the Mate time he Jho,«cd me a letter which he had ta hta pocket, ad- dressed to Cormier Jackman; could not tell who it wm slgred by. as 1 did not me lta contents; he mid he had written that tatter to the Coroner to give biases' up, as be did net wish to be nude a show of ta going through the streets; he asked my opinion, mdlaa.d.shape of a serious dispute, and the parties retiredtheir arrival in New York, and during its progress tho gal- lant Zouaves ware loudly cheered. T. nc was an immense BF.-emhlagjof apectatois, who witnested tbe drill with api<armt mures*, from its commencement to its conclu- sion, a period of nearly three hours. Tbe /waves »eap.-d new honors by the plaudits showered upon them by th«to thesidewalk.Here,it ismid, Macltonuldstarted off on a lively run, followed by a shouting crowd of men and boys.this city, by tbaottioors and members of tho Sixth regi-impossible for hi!? counsel to receive any assistance from aim in preparing his defence, and he would be oompell ed to depend upon the company to examine tbe books,or ta the morning; I told him not to waif till morning, fur the sooner he gave himself up toe better it would be, be promised that he would go, and I concluded that hethe inside. One of the bystanders, named Wm. G. itobinson, who resides at 348 West Twenty third street, however, wm less fortunate, and received a leaden me* - stnger ta the fleshy part of his thigh, just below the hip.vitmg him, with his command, to give an exhibition drill.UiVRATIOjir.Naw YOKE, July, 17.1800.castomed to use, and which Lad indeed led to his present position, he had no doubt but he would elicit from 1 im such material facts as would entirely do away with the charges preferred against hiiu. He trusted the Court,applyingto himstruckall sorts of opprobrious epithets embraced in the calen-dar. Irugan in the meanwhile aUing on the defensive,said bo did not desire to have a muss, and repeated a few Biookiymtes. The Zouaves were escorted back to this steps backward, evidently wishi. g to avoid a light. city shortly after dusk, and marchod to their temporary MacDouald, however, followed bim up and struck nim quarters.Dugan several times,To-day or to morrow the directors of the ship, Captain the ball passing through the frock of his coat, which wx- Col. Ixi.- wORTB, commanding United States Zouave iu jvicw of Uie prisoner's Weak fhealth, woulu fix tbe.Savvy0*iU , Ac,,Ae. /The Chicago Zooaves, after having MteMlaBad them rotTBBBi the favor of the citimns of the metropolis, and cur military mea In particular, for their superiority in B-ilitary diacipttae, rat over yesterdav to pay tfieir re spoete to the Brooklynitm. They were escorted at ha f |dst nine A. M. from their temporary quarters at the•iue;and as it appears paradoxical to me a id mythvorable cbxamatoaeeB. We hive aot to see a man dwabed "dhmwtoa of the world" who has aad accompanied by Riettoa's band, and m«rched fute so unfounded a statement—one entirely unsupportedheard of the departure of anj*of our own MvaauTor Spain. b u ^ v e r a l expeditions of s private nature have gone to Oregon and Labrador, two, we believe, under the auspices ef tht BawthaontaB Institution. On the ijOth of June last, a s expedlttaa composed of the following goBttemea atUed for Ospe Chidley, in the United States Meaner B b b : - .never woo a fight in the ring, I will m>w give him the down Broadway to Fulton street, md down Faltoa to by (acta, md derogatory to him persona ly. aad to the chance he wa»ts, although I only stipulated to fight himsgata M a winner. 1 will Meet him when and where the Brooklyn ferry, and crossed the river in in- administration ofjustice, so (ar as it had ever ooine with-Lwntenant Alexander Murray, commanding; Professor tV!?^.jU*:I*,MW,» frtacetoa,kJ.;Lieut,aah,Royal Navy Superintendent Quebec Observatory, who hMkind-ofarticles.JOHNMpRBJMBBT, ChampionofAmerica.to the second story, Bat before I reachad it 1 reportofapistol,apparentlyquiteamr;1 the window an i a s a mm running toan 1calling" Watch 1" aad -PoliceI"the north side ot the street; haof the Mock, and got tato an area on thetl HI!IW got tato is No BT,4 sid , while I reside on the Blamed at tbe window some time, for I anxious to see if be would not be taken, as Iwere gotef to murd*r bna: some partwa pu_parttea pamed at BBShe likes—put up what forfeit Be IteM fight him when ami where he likes—I to choose the stake bolder, to ao agreeable to both. I trust outsiders will not Interfere to prevent this match sj Boat until tbe money ta ap, which I am prepared to stake a* drawing upin his knowledge. He expressed a hope that the report a s present would publish t i e substance of his remarks upon tbe subject.Mr. Doyle, counsel for the accused, mid he would havechampions>ldkrrsoftheWet*. Ontheirarrivalin tohembriefmpossibleinhtaexamtaationofthewit- word"thlei!"atsomedistance,gotupaadiPar»~T*B•eBibleu to meet them.street, en roots (Br the Navy Yard. On entering the gate ofThe military proceeded up Fult-mIn tl.'.-. tho Zouaves were exercised in tho loadbdr and tiring by files, fours and company, marcn-ing out individual transaction??- A. I take up each account, and we came down together on the 39th; we tiiumiul the going Kick to Nov.,'69. awl trace it up to the present ferry together from south Brooklyn, and I left him tome time. <}• What prope>rtion oj' the accounts have you gone where about the Bowling Green or near the Battery; I through? A. About seven-eighths, vl. Have you re- saw him again on Monday afternoon, the 2d of Julv, about turned ary- of tho books to the company ! A. I never three o dock, be WM at the Union Hotel, in Brooklyn. I took any away ; I carry on t%c examination at the office. met bim there accidentally; be want tato the BarroomMacDonald, it ta mid, boldly faced the fire, mak-American ways and customs, the exchange of civilities ing- every effort to get at his antagon st, day, at half-past nine o'clock A. M., oy invitation of tho Ac. whicn would require it considerable time to do. would go mat afternoon; be also asked me to ga ap withbetween them and the visiters is both frequent and agree- able, and many of our citimns are already repaying the siad attention* received. The English crust having been putnmlccd down, they appear to be, as the song goes, "a set of jolly good fellows."Tbc Zouaves will visit tho "big ship" Great Etstern to-but strange to my wm hit but c ec, and managers of that vessel. \ Ho bad no doubt when his client was .somewliat re- him, as he wiahet to deliver himself m privately m poethat in the little finger of his left baud, The sut-joined correspondence' has passed between a nunK stored to health, and was somewhat recovered from the tho ball passing through th; rocond joint from ber of <>ur citizens and Coi.-Edworth of tbe Zoavcs, in ejects ot the pernicious narcotics which he had been ac-siblu, as he did not wish a crowd to come after him, I told him it wm aot possible formetogo,MIbadau nged mother on tho cars; I torn left and got oa tbe cars and went on a- far as Bedford, when I thought of getting oft and g' ing Back, but I did not; I continued on to East New York and then decided to get off and retara, which I did; when I returned to the hotel, Mr. Jefierda was sit- ting very much in tte same piace I bad left him; 1 had been got.e about an hour and a half; I then told him thai I had come back to accompany htm; I would Be satisfied if I could get home next day: he appeared to be thankfulBffiRUSM-I, ijumiv 1 Comstock, W. H. Davidge, J. W. Raymond, light, and I coukl see (hem well; it ta a smooth area, I have noticed with much Mttatactmn that John Mar- and faced to the front. Commodore Breese, the Command Frmcta fkiduy and F. W. Wooltott, them were ana bm BOeptam oa the twos; the mm w*a* over Baatbe selection of a stakeholder. I should have beenpeasant aad instructive. Tfco Grays and their guestsNow Yosx, July 17,1*90.Hssey declares he will keep the promise maoo to me be-fore I wm* to Europe, aad give* me a second meeting inthe ring. This in itself pays me for the Mm*) I spent tn Navy, and dressed ia uniform, were present, and wereEngland, and I at once accept of all the terms he offers, introduced to Obi. Ellsworth, of the Zouaves. Commo-and choose for the stakes the highest sum he n a m * . In dore Breese, in a few impromptu retaarks, extended a wel- proof therea I will place in any responsible man's handsthe sum of 92,600 as a preliminary deposit tor a matcn of come to Col Qtowoi tu and his comuiaud, and told him •10,000 aside, pending the drawing of the articles md that he hoped (heir visit to the Navy Yard would bepleased, after my long stay abroad, to bam bad then marched to *he lawn ta front of the Naval* Lyceuma tow weeks of leisure to enjoy among my miu Blacken arms. Both companies were then dismissed,friends; but m there ta BO way in whichI can be gratified so much as by being guaranteed anearly match with Morrimey, I hope they will excuse mefor this new occupation of my time. If Mr. Morrissuywill send me word by note when and where ho dmirea to?ee me for the arrangement of preliminaries, I will meet •arge ossemblaaw of ladies on the quarter deck, who bim wtthout detay; and the only further wish I now.de greetou tbe gallant Zouaves with smiles of welcome. The0. Did you observe what sort of a dress he wore? A. I am certain he wore light ctathea.aut of the Yard; Commodore Foote, Paymaster Murray,all dim-tors. Mr. Davidge wm ctoeeo Prmidm*, fence; I remained a* the window to see htm eoam out ofthe area: could BO* My bow tang he Stead there, bat 1 «nd Mr. Raymond Vice tYesiient The prisoner, Hoff- wa* anxious to me him eume m i at d get safi-ty away:man, wm then Secretary,!aud Mr. Bancroft Trensurer; wheu he came out be weal towards Fo irth aveaoe, aad these gentlemen held office til November, I860, when I lost sight of him going ta the direction of "they weie re ole-ted to office, with toe exception of street; he walked very quickly; I Itateaed tor mam Raymond, who wm succeeded m Vice President byHoward Potter; Hodman remained as Secretary of (be ments to bear whether be would mam ta ooatart \ company. Witness then gave the names of the clerks and \hk parties who I presumed were ta quest of kim to till other persons employed in the general work of the office. him; all wm quiet until I beard too approach of a railcm; could not my from what direction it wm eemtag; I It wm tn January last that Mr. Merchant wm appointed tuen closed the window aad w-nl to bed.i ashier; be is now Secretary ta place of Mr. Hoffman.Q. Dii the company keep no day-book, journal or tick-ler, or m y book of tba* kind, to note tho transaction ofstock? A. The transfer book was used for the purpose ofkeeping records of stock. Q Did they keep any book did not expect to be called m a witness showing who was entitled to dividends? A. Yes. the divi- Two ousts were here shown to the < dend book was kept tor that purpose. Q. Did they dark drab, the other a light brown item itie taller than this one; be wm evidently afrom the active manner in which he went over ImTu.I observd that tbe young man had ao whiskers, bat I thought that it wm some of the young firemen; toe aide face of this young man (alluding to Charles J-fferda) ta very much like the man I saw. I MW no pistol ta his hand; I did BO*am him throw anything away; the per woreaverylighthat,butIcould notMyBmm itiand Lieutenants Almy md Ciift, all of tho Uuited Statesgusto after the loug march of the moruiug. MayorPowell, Generals Doryon and Crook, Colonel Smith,t'ol. J. C. I'inckn-y, Major l*atton, Lieut. Pike, AldermanDayton, Dr. Ayres and the other invited guests were present. Lieut Ilodge, of the Grays, wm prominent in su-perIntending Uto affair, aifd making his guests comforta-ble. A* half-past throe o'clock the military and otherguests, after hmteK done ample justice tn a substantialu inner, formed companies and marched to w'asbingtoaPark, roar Fort Greene At this point a splendid sightopened to the view of the spectator; tho hill in the Park,the site of old Bart Groeuo, wm covered with a* host fivethousand spectator* of ail ajjes, sexes, ranks and condi-tions in life. The whole of the plateau of tbe Park wu.-rtserved for tba military, and ite precincts wore caro not yet concluded. Q. Have you made written reports to this is the pistol I found; I found it ia the row of the fully gnaroed by a targe number of policemen under In- tbe c< topany ! on the subject? A. No, I have m-vle bouse In tbe grass plat where there is quite a high fence, spector Folke. In Keeping back tho crowd the polico verbal reports; I rent iu a written report to the it wm about six or eight feet from the foam; I imme-regard for tatrHoVammwoaildreu who were accidentally finger to one and a bullet in the leg of an tenocnt by- forced witfaia *Boponce line, bat pushed them back witnwas gathered in the Malta Saloon, situate onground the fruiBwa halted, preparatory to thir oxbibttioubuttoncd around him at the time, He <ras act so severelyinjured as to prevent his walking, and both the woundedproceeded to fourteenth street, where they received thenecessary surgical attention. The doctor stated thatMacDonald was likely to lorn his finger, and did not succe• -l almost entirely (.charred from being pruscot. Tn-j un- munity, in whose bcbalf he {was tncre *o aomiaister jus that I had returned, saying no did not wish to go alone;in extracting the ball from tbe limb of Mr. Robins TO. No police were in sight until after the affray, md conse-he thrtj expressed a wish to go off at ouce, and did go wc started at about five o'clock; I tokt him 1 would go with him as far m the Tombs, to lad where Judge Welsh resided ; we mw a magtateSM a* the Tombs, wb< gam M Judge Welsh's address, bat M wc did not succeed ta tod tag him, we west to Judge Os-A friend of Mr. Robinson had his pocket picked<>' questmeetyourapprobation^wewouldsuggest thatany twenty dollars while in the crowd, and only discovered of our public building* or places should be engaged, and aThe pi Boner, who had hitherto occupied a seat on a sola, wrapt up ta his own tooojihts, and paying no attentionVisit oT tbe -Bcntcla. Boy" to Ihe Hera 11Fernando Wood, i. W. Gerard, John J. Cisco,Watt* Sherman, Augustus scheli, John J. AStor, ohepard Kuapp,Marshall LefTerts, Colonc-lfl 7th Kegtment;Danl. Buttcrtteld, Colonel 12th Regiment;J. C. Pinckacy. Colonel 6th Raiment,A. a Vosburgh, Colonel 71st Regiment.illegal issue of stock belonging to the Pacific Mail Steam- ship Company. ; What is your name-Bouse, in Broadway; the Judge tokt bim he tad better not go ever to his mother, and I therefore took aaotofor him requesting a small supply of money, she s m t h m aAmong the distinguished visitors to the HBBALD onice test evening, wm tho far famed Hero of Farnborough— John C. MMBBB the object of his call being to present for publimtion the letter accepting the challenge of Mor-Q Hew old are you? A. Letween twenty-nine and 930 gold piece; tbe note wm written on too back of aK is probable that the Great Emtern will before long rtatey which appeared ta oar columns yesterday.makeanexcaastea trtp-seawoxdaadtakealimited aum~ Heeaaa came entirely atone and unattended, butmr of passengers. Such an ©maston would be a novel fea- hardly bad be taken his mat ta the mactas sanctorum Chaa. Yates, Brig, t.encral Wm. Menck, Lieut. Colore;iauii KIR—Your public drills in our city parki, owing to the heat aud the crowd, have btm inacocsrable ,u many oi our citowns—the tadiee, especially, hav<* beenJustice Connolly said thai hx would be entirely guided in this matter by his sense Of what was duo to the com-oet of the mr-.-Titr-i with which the directors and con-signees are daily nitlicteU is com«i>ofidence. Letterspour ta upon them by the basket full from all parts of qnenUy no arrests that we are aware of were made.thecountry,,and from people ofall eiasstaand condi-tions, containing ar-ptieaiiors Ibr tickets. The rural edi-tors seem to be especially anxious to he remem- tbe loss when be called on bis treasury for the lucre to reasonable price of admission charged to defray tho no whatever to what wm passing before bim, wm led to a boroe; I told Judge Osborne that Mr. Jeffords wm there, bered in the distribution, .and all sorts of rcaroao remunerate the surgeon. Who says that misfortunesare assigned why there should be a favorable coc- ider> never come singly, or that curioiity, like glory, does nottien of their particular requests. In fact, one individual require lte sacrifices.connected with a journal in the village of Philadelphia,after calling attention tothe fact that the wreat Easterncan safety pass the bar of the stream which adjoins thatptace. because mid stream at high ttde is twenty-four footand a half deep, aud the ship draws fully half a (hot lessthan that amount of water, has bad the graceful wmnr-uorsigned would be pleased to have an opportunity giveu, lice. Before fixing the amount, of bail ho wornd require, by an exhibition drill, at such time as m..y be; deemou he would dispose of the matter before him by putting the most suitable to yourself and command, should our re- usual questions to tbe accused before commitment.3dBrigade: 3d Br cade;Alex, thaler. Captain 7thRegiment;3d Regiment"Beenaa," from beneath the windows, indicated that bispresence wm discovered, and that the enthusiasm withwhich his name is everywhere received since tho fight is to my command an invitation to give an exhibition drill finally Justice • Connolly fixed the amount to 990,000, until eleven or half past eleven o'clock, soamwhere tain nowise abated.He wm neatly attired in a black frock coat, white pantsand vest, aad ao Strang r would have recognized in tnequiet and gentlemanly bearing, the mild eye md modestspeech of tbe individual before him, tho rcdoubtabluchampion whom name within the last six months hathas be* n received. It will give us great pleasure to com 10,000 for each offence, which, on calculation, Be foundi-ij with a roqpaBt from the citizens of New York, who wanted some 119,000 of the amount of the defalcation mentioned the Johnson Home; I understood him tc say have shown their appreciation of our efiotts ta a manner alleged against too prisoner. The prieoocr wm not finally that he had been playing cards with some friends, andBeen spoken by every tongue ta the civilized world. Aswm manif.-ted tn Great Britain, Heeaaa bm aa With a any tlwuka for 'ho courtesy which has promptede Judge Ingn. xccc-ci. gly agrmatue to us. .The constant exertions that wo have '•ecu iitiMu upon to make wcuid lead us to pre- <er a drill in aBB one of your public buildings, if such ot'urscwillmeetfour WHLOS. WChavepiaccd thomat- ter in the bands ot our military friends in your city, who will con riunic:ito with you and carry out your wishes.ccrciii'ti—J. and r further examination is fixed for Thars- QKJ morning nekt, at ton o'cadc.rthat afterwards he stopped at the UirardHovm, then crossed over ta tbe boat to tbe hotel ta Brooklyn; Be said he got there about a quarter past twelve, aad as* rater thanhalfpmt;hedid acttellamthenamesofany of his friends with wtaan he had been playing cards; I miu- stood bunt to My that he knew mam o f t o e m , bat aot aB; be did not ray be wm play tag cards at the tiirard Hosse.q. Doyourecosatee thta ptetd, Mr. Beits? A. Mo, sir; I don" think I ever saw this potr-1, or one like it, before, impression upon every one in his company. Possessing To Messrs. WOOD, AIOOB, BBxaaAN, CHKX/, Generals Trustees of tbe Sailers' Sang Harbor igainst John Kerr and I have seen Jvilerds with a pistol and a rate; toe Mat time Sbaaves; who, by Invitation, visit the ship. At tin a good command of language, a (aad of incident, Em- ».\>roKi>, HAIL, YAIKS, tokii.clri llxcuon*, Ri mtKiMui, others, and tho Mayor, Aldermen and Commonalty of I saw them wm when ha a m at a y home; the ptotoi be the city of New York. An Injunction was granted in the had had a month stock, and Uw chambers were much above action by Judge Ingrahara, on the applieatloa of tbarper: I had charge of Mr. Jeffords' pistol while he stokl Mr. Wm. Allen Butler, on behalf ofthe Attorney General at ray place; 1 am confident tlat the pistol new shown ship in gaa wortd. Shorn who want front Mat" must &> things, w^gnld call a '•winning way," me cannot help to • 'clock. Coicncl Pincxney. oi th* bixtb rjgiment. hes tne and of the private pUunttfls, who unite with *l-e people ta ta tot th~- one I had in my peammtaa; I kwtL Beck at the armor} of the latt*. over Centre Market. ef way t t e # Uw B ^ r d - a X f m T . S t S ? L aa** liit-rtK-wit;w-.»s :M•.(•fully decuratod with Bags aadtUa- ofiersfrom reapmafbleQ. wTMjdteawMytoyao hdtom grants of rights B» stated to ate, 00 the Sd «fXi W w U r e §m> Baft >em treated sin~»ahadbtebtadimwaa BrceomiidtobMc Tbearowawmm great that it was almost taVNemalefot tin: tomakebiawav;botta tiraiiy smioohaaSy ftw weltenlcte Boy, wm wmjwfll m m m t ev-A -rcaJ many taqalries have bam imda tately for thoaid not vamasser tae aswsr to a y aaariraa. I daTUB 380V ATBS TB.CTIC9. to vm a m i or tan awaaia.%.nave rtml. WjH you allow ate to my that there ia no rtrccte were extended. The Vraatew are JohVlorr,"batttey are now known as |he Chmrs 4 pled. HardeoB' of th* tactics of tooThe ir.j k mreturaahle mtbet&th#am»mmdwi *Untitled Documentawhich record their transactions oa stock.Q. A* what period ot the > ear ar* the officers elected? time, but I tried to conceal bim by keeping octet; ifieypany 's books at their request ta nforeoce to this mat tor? A. Yes, sir. Q. State the titles of all tbePrisoner—My name is Frederick Hoffman.OB a second charge—a charge of forgery—counsel suggestot that the same questions and answers Abram Duryee, and others. shield be put on tho record. When the prl- COtOSKL XLUWCKXH'SBBTLY. scner heard i that tho second charge wm Naw Yom. July 17,1800. tor forgery, he, In an under tone, exclaimed, ''Infamous.''fjourt-tS u p r e m ej Before Judge IngrahamCharles lefierds wm directed to put on the Witness—I think tbe young mm might have 1q. Do you no* think the person yen mw might have been a woman dressed ta aim's ctathtag?have sees him.John Monroe sworn—I am an officer -of tba Eigh-teenth precinct; at the time toe murder wm commit-found a pistol oa a gram plat on the northeast corner of Union place and Sixteenth street; two of toe barrata were discharged and the other three had caps oa; it ta a fiveCIambers street, but I won't be certain; I doa't think heMscity a. dtaragamaf Bm bad asm Jtu with apistol,1ilit- \- 'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069«www.fultonhistory.com 