 the New Warld aty, with a fast at.haa>wljfla?aj>Joseph and Lady am, adjolningth^ tiikx of the E x - Jchess of Satbo*. » of Konxamby, LordJohnMan* je,IxtdyXo*D8* 1 vroais and Mar- 300number*of sent ao.entifejHBdj :. '•&&&?>•••• ^ ? • %&4%ft$iNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY. AtfGUST 7, I8<>0POLITICALJNTELUGENCE. where he will delivsr pubfts political nddre**es. T ae pprpcre. He looks with frivolity tipi»n grave Horn 'Chicago. The parties ^..-re intimate friends. Colvitt aud hia (wo brot.'iere-in-hw were wr>rki Jfti* : a di.-jm-e in repaid to having the door to t%*ir fOMtQJent^ Trihttwl" d -withjar t» „; va prowl,tobo^ bbery- conklwralike kind £ re rthanl of his, OWTlv•tr.tCtei'U, hot kepta baokf, carriage oof th«*t the* un- ci' .-.\o mania*, th«no a.t.o Franoe h« ,(XM)f. to a banner iK-j mission withwast stealing a sS- eKiandhig all this, & wasnotsninV- prisoner to fiy©-«>7 / publishes j h ae ^ u d y witnessedvery curious r $ -W n described;, har 1633,when &«ie monks induc'adling hoarse and awful answer:been revived by the reported confession of Boom that They then confessed that they took him from thereand not feigned. ward,, and nothing amy c mid inducewith their parts. was copied from ich followed t h e d the resorrection- pathized with what i»rs, and not a wordJ song by the choir t a dramatic repxtr OJ,• rt-ssfve, and soyoar admiration; r.h the masterpieceMINNESOTA*i, July 30.1860. in the growing xtension of pure suy that we hare, greatest and beet >wn in the North*is now cut, and is the most delight* md calm, and this> wheat and oats cut, and is very advance of lastfeet, everything iaUliquidate a largeail look smiling,and so very long-winded that many of the children Vrere carried to their beds asleep.The Convention the next morning assembled with ahout 20 members, but all these ran out of the room npon hearing the bands of music which accompaniedthe Union, and the Enforcement of the Laws. The great aim of the National Union Party is, to restore peace, with justice to both sections of the Union—not to perpetuate strife.. Brevet-Maj. Hall, N. Y. V., ever else they saw fit.to appropriate. When the pro- M a j Farnswortb,< "iiin. to see daylight*i*<>VA is the finest composed of at least tw o Republicans to one Demo-citizens of Colorado tried Laugblin, and returned a verdict of " Justifiable homicide," though it is difficult to understand how a homicide could have occurred b e - fore anybody had been killed..-In this city, on Tuesday evening, JameB O'Neil, fromwere both released from durance. T h e statement in your paper that the person who returned was not Col- vin is preposterous. He was so perfectly well known :arid recognized by thousands—talked so freely of oldtimes with .hiujareds-rtha!. there could bo no possiblePREMII;M'FOR MILITARY EXCELLENCE.— The Elit- abeth (N.'J.) Journal says that t.h« Executive Com- mittee of tbo State Agricultural Soefo'y have deter- mined to award two medals—one of which will prob- ably bo gold—to the two companies of State tr>»p» who shall be adjudged to stand foremost among their competitors at, the State Fair, to bo held iu that city dur ng the second week in September next.«n Co**, Vl«>**£& „•£*$£ g B r •the.fu»ptx*«»dP-»> Th«y »ucc«o«*ft «*•- utJi««prop««tyo-K»tern.ai*n,residings*baxned o» b»x ««ua »p on Soadsy •*«*•litionists,tosuspendtherulesofthe House,to permit Mr. Slade, a brother Abolitionist of Vermont, to intro- duceapreambleand resolution denouncingthebuying and selling of slaves in. the District of Columbia,astoseehim,and usedeveryendeavor toinduce himto go homo and remain with them. All entreaty proved uselessandvain,return toNew-Jersey hewouldand did, and lived many years after at the house of Mr. Polhamus.Apamphletwaspublishedofthetrialandallthe facts therein stated, which I was reading one evening at the house of Mr. Polhamus end iu the presence ofappreciationofthe publicofthe effort* ofthe managemaaXto.*The melancholy cortege moved down Broadway to the South Ferry, and thence to Greenwood Cemetery,SARA TOGA, A u g . 2 , 1860,the appointed time for calling the Convention to order,a very stout, healthy, and hearty-looking yoaogster, I" W e answer this interrogatory b y simply stating thattheSouthwillneverpermit Abraham Lincolntofor fear of detection they took him up, pounded his sonate thevictim, hascalled forth communications bonesbonesfine,andthrew themintoa creek. Thisdsntoate appointed, just to see who contested his seat. The Committee w a s appointed, b u t never reported. The roll w a s caUtd, a n d eighty answered- to their names," when the Convention should have contained 640 members. A very t a l l ' ' young roan,'' with a very husky voice, who is said to be a great friend of MayorJVood, while his partner ia the publication of The Icoutlis Democratic Revieic is a strong Breckinridge man, announced to old and yonng that Mayor Woodposition, which was, to refer the writers to my pastcourse; to the views and opinions I.have heretofore From Onr Own Correspondent. held a n d expressed o n t h e subjects Or questions em-braced in their letters. But it appeared to me that areply, containing nothing more ttmn "such a generalreference, without pointing o u t the particular votes,speeches, and other evidences of^ what'I had said ordone in connection with the questions made the sub-and alive, at the prison doorsof his alleged murderers. • Major James Whelpley, the gentleman who sought"•"•"•^•••^SJi" I am, with great respect and the most friendly regard, your nearly all a high, crat, and this fact, probably, so elated th e friends of .edirot wrvaat, JOHN BELL.. An adjourned meeting of Company E, 9th Regiment, will be held at their armory. No. 481 Broadway, this evening, at 8 o'clock. Those interested in light-infantry(or Zouave) tactics are invited to be present.LA YING A CORKER-STONE.—The corner-stone of thed water, and per*, agh nearly all the te", and thee outh-* *nobetterwater*. >art of New-En^icanism is as surdj the North-West. every W estern In. IowaisgoodB.ITEMS.K> a n d . 7 o ' c l o c k o n- train of cars w u bf Hooking cvs gave a<?k and considerably t Tito Philadelphiat an XKOUT.ay night last acommit suicide b y He was discovered care,was restored.Saturdaynighta> o n board o f one o f the bridge, when he d> w « subsequentlynday night aboutT «*eBty-3eeond -*T.Martin Halligan, wife by.beating eapm. HalHgsa tad some worda lulted h r his a t -ition, with threflb 5veral contusions r>*rpetratingthe nd by Sergeant ; result of her in-the '^Squatter Sovereign " that they magnified every- thing relating to his reception with a fourfold power. Judge Culver, in his speech, reviewed the coursa of" CoL TIIOXAS H . W A TTS."—The New-York correspondent of The National Intelligencer sax a:New-York, was shot by James A. Gordon, from Coun- mistake in. his identity. Besides, the Booms werecil Bluffs, Iowa, in a house of prostitution, in which h e very poor, and of course hud no friend's who wouldmain object of Mr. Yancey, in coming to New-York, iwstione of .state. »r>d is always disposed to supplant Bite* jestingly presented a pistol at Hadley, snpposiog the field together, tsaking stone fence. A little win of j open. While di*p<itiotf, Faber struck Santry a M#W &istodefend himbelffrom thecharge ofbeingacia- unionist. • ,Colvin's was near. They g o t into a quarrel, the boy-Wasecereda:dr»uhnme. Iaafewhouts,onreturning, jwi:hbisfict,which«oenragedthelatterthatheietM*!bis father was missiug; he charged th»?m with killing a heavy ftick, and struck bin antagonist several Mow» parlor survived buta.ffW minute*. Gaitz WM buried o n hiefather; and-they threetoned hie life if he said thM, upon tim bead. .Faber atthe time was suffering froarTHE BABY-SiHOW AT SA.RaTOGA. ^rem » Democratic Coixo«pondent, . . 1„I for myseffl must confess a great fondness for children, _ " Previously to 1848, tbie county w as considered a his attacks.' If he makes au attack'and discovers that | and innocent and childish ammements. It is this feel- Democratic stronghold. The leaders.of tne party then he is. likely to be cooped or foiled, be will jestinglyWM&L—A correspondent from .Griffin's Corners, Delaware tsct that' he often retreats ae triumphantly, and with a Sundaj', and Had.'ey on last evening. Some people like onethiegand someanother, but County,N.Y,,writesasfwllowa: : f ' • V greater flourish of trumpets,than hedoesin'makingA. r>. a .CASE.again. Years pasted before aoyth ng was done in thee«*e,andIthinkthesonstartedtbeinciuiryhimselfasto- congestionofthelungs,andthisviolencesoaggravated bow 1/is father was disposed of. Thetwo brothers his disease that he died in a few hoars, The Jarf. were taken npand.tried onthechargeofmurder. foundthatdeathwas theresult ofcon#e«tionoftheThey confessed to etriking him with a club that bad a lungs, but w a s hastened by injuries inflicted by W « .Sontry. T h e Coroner thereupon committed t h e ma-/ing which has prompted me to attend the Baby Con-vention in this place, which the dear little ones, believ-advocated doctrines with respeot to Slavery which d*p;oy to the right or left, and inform you that your would now be considered Republican, with fcuch sne- position is a strong one—ia right—that his object was cessthattheDcmocra'evotedalmo»t.soliiforVan onlytoinvestigateandt+stit*vumerableness. Sooh., BOORN r H E- • • ; ' • , : .• .MURDER* . — 7 ~.jngthemselvesto,"bemen,asyouknowtheyalwaysdo,styledtheYonngMen'sDemocraticStateCon- Buren,andgavehimamajority. Butwhenthose isMr.Toombs.<His^fickienefeandinstabilityisnot whowassetfreewhenthesupposeddeadmancame andconcealedhim.Sofar,itisthought,thoytoldthe cneedtoaw*ittheactionoftheGrandJary.Th» vention; A t first, it was to be hel<! at the St. Nicholas leaders, in order to follow in the Pro-Slaver7 wake of ody a moral iufirmity, but it is a misfortune to the truth; and-it is supposed that he came to himself soon prisoner admitted baving struck 'Faber, bat says thatStall,huttheparentsofmosttfthelittledelegates teachings,manyoftheirfollowersleftthepartyand not wishing to leave them entirely 1bo3e on the town, tmd to act with pdniee leee Pro-Slavery. Ever sinceor trust them out of reach, and as the majority of that time the so-called Democracy has been on the thesewerelivingorstoppiogattheUnitedSuitesHo- waneinthisconn'y,andtodaythisclassofcitizens—JamesPincknfyHnmbletoh,who.recentlysus-setforthinTHETRIBUNEofSaturday,,waslast ttated.Butthecounselofthetwobrotherstoldthem hediditinself-defense,thedeceasedhavingfirststruckpended intercourse between the North and the South," Wedreeday, at Cleveland, sentenced to five years' the story was not consistent; that he wou'd have been him. The accused is a native of Ireland, seventyrtw*the party, shortly afterward repudiated their former" coun'ry." home again, all the facta concerning which affair were after, sufficiently to walk, and wandered off as beforethe week endingJuly 21, and 128 less than the cor- refpondingWeekoflastyear. Thedeceased were— men, 101; women. 7 5 ; boys, 171; girls, 150. O f deaths from acute diseases, there were, b y cholera in- fantum, 89; infantile convulsions, 25; diarrhea, 2 S * inflammation ofthe brain, 22; inflammation ofthofcronRht the httle fellows to their feet, when a contin- other towns in the county. last vestige of Liberty' is swept from the face'of the tical interest in moral and intellectual philosophy, and died in Monmouth County. The above are, the lungs, 18; scarlet fever, 15; congestion of the braba, ncdhowlwaskeptupforsometenminutes,notwith- American continent, theSouth,theloyal South,the. togetherwithfacts ofsuch importance inthehistory factsasnearasIcancollectthem. Thecaseisoneof 14; inflammationoftheetomach, 12; dysentery,9ftb*?* named Lawrence, from Oceens County, w a scalled upon to preside by his litue associates: Eddy town of Andes, wlifere the Americans have rnled for be inaognrated President of the United States. This from various quarters. Amongthese are the following: last part of their confession was of course false, to makestepped upon the platform all alone, and, without any seaistance, in a grave and dignified manner, called the Convention to order, and n*med Blaster J . Augustusthe last four years, a Republican club has been formed, isasettledandsealedfact.ItisthedeterminationofTotheEditoroj"WicN.Y.Tribune. the case consistent, as they were urged to tell wherethe, officers of which are mostly former Americans. all parties a t the South. A n d let the consequences be In Middletown, those who voted for Fillmore in 1856 what they may—whether the Potomac is crimsoned aie now avowed advocates of the elestion of Lincoln in human gore, and Pennsylvania avenue is paved tenSIR: The ** Marvelous Murder Case," and the still they had buried bioi, that search might be made. Th*remore marvelous story of old Jesse Boom's ro-confes is no question b u t they struck, and thought they hadsion of poor Calvin's murder, as narrated in THE killed him. But it is equally true that the same man i'age of JNew-York as temporary chairman. This andHamlin. I believe thesame maybesaidofthe fathomsin depthwithmangledbodies,orwhetherthe TRIBUNE ofAugust4,involve principlesofsuchprac- traveledto New-Jersey,and lived manyyearsafter,standing the effortsof the mothers a n d nurses to keep " Prom these circumstances, and the divided state, o" constitutional South.will never submit to such humilia • of criminal jurisprudence, that it is exceedingly desira- the most singular on record, and doubtless copies of the dipbtberite, 8; cholera morbus, 8 ; apoplexy, 6; con-themquiet. Theyallwanted tohechairmanor theShamDemocracy,I conclude that Delaware tionanddegradationastheinaugurationofAbraham blethetruthshouldbeknown,andthepresentvalue •pamphletalludedtocanyetbeobtaiaed,ifsearchwasEOtmng. Upon being informed by their matrons thatI ^ ^ ' T K 1 ^ ^ ^ o n t e r , they would be sent to>jed,thehttlefellowaceased,andMasterPagefeokthecbaur. H i s little speech was delivered with a peculiarfoieign accent, which most children now-adays deemof Boom's re-confession examined; The alleged mur-County will give Lincoln 2,000 majority in November next."..Lincoln." ~> \~ •'—The Salem (Ala.) Reporter, evidently intending derer, who, in the year 1819 twice, denied and, twicemade in the vicinity of tne transaction.CITY ITEMS.gestion of the lungs, 6. Chronic diseases—consump- tion, 54; marasmus (infantile), 40; dropsy in the hoa4, 16; debility, infantile. 7; debility, adult, 6 ; heart dis- ease 5 . From casualties, 12; drowned, 5; boraed o r scalded, 5; delirium tremens, 4 . Classed with refer, ence to disease—of stomach, bowels, a n d other dlgos- tiveorgans, 197; Invgs, throat, & c , 99; brain an* nerves, 9 3 ; uneertain »eat a n d general fevers, 56f skin, d t c , a n d eruptive fevers, 24; heart a n d blood vessels, 12; old age, 6; generative organs, 5 . With respect to sge, there were under 1 year, 191; 1 to S»—Thesubjoinedletter,from theHon.JohnBell,is pubVehcd in The Montgomery (Ala.) Post:" NASHVILLE, July 22,1860. VDEAK Sin: Yourletter of the 9th mst. was receivedtr>makeastrong caseagainst theDemocraticcandi- date, thus proceeds to do i t :circumstantially,confessed, now,after morethan40 years of apparently honest living, and when verging upon a state of senile and paralytic dot&ge, again re- peats bis confession of the murder of Russel Colvin.". To our friends who are supporting Mr. Breckin-toatatethecausesWhichhavedelayedmyanswerto "isJohnC.Breckinridgeaslave-owner? ... publishedinTHKTRIBUNE,wouldtendtoproducetheftohionable, but which country children are at a loss toxroderstand. H e called the Convention his "D*em- ten.daj s since, and it is due to you, as well as myself, ridge, we put the following questions:This story, as told by the Cleveland papers andFUNERAL OF BREVET-MAJOR FAIRCHII.D.—-Thefuneral of Brevet-Major Fairchild, late of the FirstRegiment New-Y ork V olunteers, took place yesterdayafternoon from the Governor's Room, City Hall, a n dwas largely attended b y military men, a n d severaloivic bodies. At noon the body of the deceased w asconveyed from hialate residence, No.127Spring 64; 2to5,48;5to10,13;10to12,6;12to15,1;15 street, to the Governor's Room, where it lay in statepkwatic fnende," this late day, to explain what otherwise might be im- Amid much conftwion, much laughter, and some- h t - puted to me os discourtesy^ Such a statement is due to tle crymg, a Committee on Permanent Organization numerous other gentlemen, who, in the last .month or^aa oraered- The Chair was clamorously called upon rix weeks, have addressed letters of inquiry to me,fry the different little delegates to put each of them from different quarters of the country, as to my views on that Committee,hut h e gravely replied, " T h a t and opinions on the more prominent questions a t issue" Did be ever own a slave ? impression that Jcsee Boom's confessions were true," Docs he not have white servants in his family en- that his erratic brother-in-law was murdered, and that tirely ?, . _ Colvin s reputed return to Vermont just in time to"•iDoee ho not till his farm with white hirelings al- eave the condemned murderers from the executiou of together? the law's penalty, was a shrewdly-designed deception." Gentlemen who are continually talking about Mr. In view of these considerations, I desire to put on would be impossible." Then a cnrly-headed Httle fel- in the pending canvass, and which have received no Bell being unsound, will please look toward Mr. public record a few facts that have a direct and im- low from Albany, named Douglas Leveine, crawled answer. Breckinridge, post themselves, and answer the forego- portant bearing upon the case in question. They relateto17,I; 1^020,4;20to25,18; 25to30,18; 30to 40, 47; 40tcVSO, 26; 50 to 60, 21; 60 to 70, 17; 70 to 80,12; 80 to 90, 5 ; 90 to 100, 1; unknown, 2 ; prema- ture birth, 2. 338 were natives of the United 8tAteev 104 of Ireland, 33 of Germany. 6 of England, 4 of France, 4 of Scotland, 2 of British America, 2 un- known, and of Austria, Denmark, the West Indiei, and the sea, 1 eacb. 65 died in the public institatious— Bellevue Hospital. 2 1 ; Alms House, Blackwell's Island, 13; Ward's Island, Emigrant Hospital, 9; Gity Hdfpital, 7. There were 45 interments in Potter'rfield, und 3] Coroner's cases. .COKKECTION.—In the report of Mr. Lent's remarks on the Japanese «.windle in the Common Council last week, he is made to say "the greatest liar wouM have known, dec " The word should be "tyro," In- stead of " liar." T h e mistake was occasioned by the- similarity of eoond in the two words—it being diftlcttlt to hear distinctly at the reporters' table.RIOT AT THE ROCK TAVERN—Between 2 and 3 o'clock o n Monday morning, a descent was made b y Constables James Lynch and Col^an of Hudson City, and Aid J . L.. Ayres, and Officers Bradley, Van Voor h?e?, and Daly, of Jersey City, upon a house known ae Rock Tavern, situated a t th e foot of th e hill, on the Hobokeriroad,and eightpersonsweretakenintocus- tody. Thishoupe'baslongb^eutheresortofthevilest charactersofbothsexes,andisaterrortoall persons whoareunderthenecessityofpassingtherealoneat night. On Sunday evening, abont a dozen young men, some o f them belonging at the tunnel, congre>rated a t the Tavern, and conducted themselves in a most n p - rcarioii8 manner. T w o or three persons who passed tbat way were.assaulted, as is supposed for the par- pose o f robbery, b u t fortunately tbey succeeded b»effecting their escape.About midnight the rowdies, who had become quite drunk, took possession of the house, and helped them- selves to liquor, some change from the till, and what-until the hour set for the obsequies, under guard. T h e nponachair,and,atthetopofbisvoice,insistedupon "Totheinquiriesinallsuchletters,therewasbut ingquestionsattheireasiestconvenience.".. tothemostimportantpointsaffectingtheidentity•ofremainswereincaeedinarosewoodcoffincoveredhaving the roll called. Then another, who had run one reply, as I conceived, which could, consistently Ruseel Colvin, and establishing the veracity ofthe awaypomhismother,wantedaCommitteeonCre-andproperly,bemade,underthecircumstancesofmy FROM THEPIKE'S PEAK GOLD REGION personsconcernedinproducinghiminpropriapersona.with black cloth, and lined with satin. a silver plate bearing the inscription: •Ou the lid wasjects of inquiry, or stating where they'-were found,aCommitteeheappointedtowaitonhis"Excell'mcy," suchreferencesinmy answers would farexceedthe Peakgoldinto$10pieces. Their coin doesnotdifferin thankful de-ion,they vouirL, wasoutside,andwonldleaveat2oclock. Hemoved wouldbeungrarious,tosaytheleastofit. Tomake Gruber&Co.,onSaturdaycoined$1,000ofPike's; the Passion of | and invite him to a seat on the platform. Without he correspondent* | waitingfor the Chair to appoint the Committee,theordinary limits of a letter, and I concluded .that it-would h e more convenient and satisfactory to both materially from the Government eagle, except that theparties, to accompany my answers with a printed col- figure of Liberty. is missing, and in.its place appears ahoys ran out for the Mayor, and brought him in, while the Chairman vsa* telling tile crowd that " the Chair Understands herself.". The Mayor smiled, and bowed, and looked affectionately upon the little ones, andspoke. H e didn't like the Douglas platform; but preparation ot such a compilation •was immediately the Indian proverb that " the white man alwaysjii*en^ik>n, and' ad maw,w«had the hi worthy scenery/ and pet»c*ia were rer<& pe.*.a*uits frofll iawwfrom Russia, a ie-Chaoaford. *-->i ifithelife, of iJerusalem to the mtheNewTeaz- le Old Testament.adred persons, all . A ehorus, liko •sacred songs, o r , Weenteredthe honr*#intermis-41e'clbck. My more shocked iw o a r Redeemer and I regretted yrformer Was t h e auifera. I n face \ dignified in bnt :> one conld have he ecenes enacted that I was bothcrucifixion, how ->r the ifmaioa wa*'Lrioned i n t h ethw A^onysuflfered old man by the name of Foot, who -was very violent, stitute the basis of its organization: The Constitution,wonld go him rather than Lincoln. With other play- ; ful remarks he concluded, when the youths became : hungry, and ran for dinner.. Intheafternoon,theyweretold that theymustget another playground, which was found acrossthe street. Butthemeeting wasnotsowell attendedasinthe morning, as the doctrine of non-intervention, advocated bj the ragged little youths from the lower parts of the Cities of Albany and Troy, seemed to shock the feelings of the;better class of children, w h o were opposed to Jbeing"left free before they wereabletotakecareof themselves, and whoprefer thekind protectionof fatherardmotheruntiltheyareabletojudgeforthem- selvesofjgoodorevil. Theothersinsisteduponnon-'lection of such of my speeches a n d letters as have adirect bearing upon the subjects of controversy; of ofsuch copious extracts therefrom, as to leave nothing tobesuppliedbyfurtherquotationsfromthem.The Heavyrainscontinuetofallalmostdaily,verifyingtransmit, herewith, a copy of it, printed in the " N a - tional Union." Itwas issuedfromthe pressaweek later than was anticipated by me, and hence, my answer to ycur letter, a s well a s to others, has been delayed a week beyond t h e time I had proposed to myself to answer them." For th e reasons which impel m e to decline any further answer t o t h e inquiries in your letter, X refer you to the first andsecond pagee ofthe *National Union.' Youwillobservethatthegroundtheretaken is? that it would beinconsistent with thedeclared viewsoftheConventionwhichplacedmeintheposi- tion I now occupy before the public, to make any new declaration of principles. B u t I do not choose to shel- ter myself under the authority o f t h e nominating Con- vention against a n y reproach I may incur hi conse- quence of the course I have thought it my duty to pursue in relation to this subject. Had I been a mem- ber of the Convention, I would have resisted the adop- tion of any platform, or other declaration of princi-last year. Twenty years ago, Eastern Kansas was considered almost a rainless climate by the people dwelling in the vicinity, o n the. Missouri border; b u t during the last two or three years that region has beenstrange absence of the shattered brother-in-law, the hallucinations,theconfessions,the trial,and thefinal discovery of Colvin in New-Jersey, were repeatedly narrated to- the writer by Major Whelpley, during hisintervention b y parents o r a n y o n e else—that theyvrere yonng mexxr and able to take care of themselveswithout any outside interference, and had just as goodright to-fight, drink rum. or chew tobacco as any living'man. One of them declared that if his parents inter-fered -with him while doing as he pleased, he wOuldpunch them in the snoot. In the afternoon, the Com-mittee on Resolutions reported, through their Chairman,the Fat Boy from Qneeos. These indorsed the doc- ples, not embraced or implied in the three fundamental five thousand letters arrive and depart weekly, andPlatoon o f policemen. Military eseort.trine of the Little Boughs to do as they pleased. T h e propositions o r objects intended t o be maintained andnearly eight thonsand newspapers from thecirculated every week in the Gold Region.lation of THE TRIBUNE is much larger than that of any other Eastern newspaper, and the periodical dealers, though frequently increasing their orders, have not been able for the last two months to pro- cure , a supply equal to the demand. W e are beginning to feel the effect of that peculiar at- traction by which desperadoes, gamblers, a n d prosti-youths not in bed were afterward addressed by a very,secured by the National Union Party, and which con-States a r e The circu-Mni.-Gen. Storms,Col. D. D. Harris, '•" Brevet-CoL Buraham. N . Y . V ., Brevet Col Hay nor. Nat. Grays, Bt. Lt. Col Dyckman, N. Y. Y., Adjutant Phyffe,Hon. D*nlel E. Sickles," Whatever may be the policy or designs of others; an excursion from Troy and Albany, w h o came here North and Sontb, who, in their letters, have insisted.The Rev. Fetor Stryker, D. D. (Dutch Reformed). PHYSICIANS.num's some years ago. The children were generally hard-featured, and possessed ofno sort of intellect. Some of them, however, may, with proper eare, yet becomeBaeful members of society.REPUBLICAN GA THERING I N VERMONT. Correspondence of The N. T. Tribune.BCRtlKGTOK, Vt., Aug. 3, 1860. & large and enthusiastic meeting of Republicans— men and women—assembled here atthe Town Halllast evening, to hear a speech from Judge Culver of Brooklyn, w h o came here t o attend the commence- ment exercises of his Alma Mater, and while here was Invited to address u s upon the political topics of the present crisis. A n intelligent andience filled the hall— the same hall where Senator Douglas, on the occasion Of his reception, addressed an audience of 5,000,ac- cording to the account of a correspondent, published in your paper of last week, though the size of the hall will not admit of more than 1,500 being crowded into at. The audience, a t Senator Douglas's reception, wasappeals to me which you d o in your letter, to take a course, which I hope y o u will, upon reflection, per- ceive would not be m conformity with the intentions and expectations of those w h o chose m e to be their leader, and the representative of their policy and prin- ciples. N or do I doubt your sincere desire to support the Union Ticket, if yon can do so consistently withyour sense of public duty. I t is, therefore, with deep regret that I find myself constrained to differ with you in any of your views, and mbpt of all to have to say to you that I cannot go beyond the record of my political life, in responding to the questions presented in your letter.4' If, in the authentic exposition of my course upon the subject of Slavery, running through a period of 25 years, you can find nothing to inspire y o u with confi- dence that, in the event of m y election, I wonld so employthepower and influence of the ExecutiveDe- partment of the Government as to give no just ground of complaint to the South, or any other section of the Union, while I would regret the loss of your support and that of your friends, 1 could not reasonably expect to receive it." You are a t liberty to make any use of this letter you may think proper.followed the party, and reached their camp fifteen miles this side the gulch, while the men were absent from it, and his family w a s without protectors. H e fired a ahot-gun into the wagon where his wife was sitting, with an infant on her breast and the other two children beside her. The charge took effect inthe hip of the unfortunate mother, but did not produce a fatal wound. Smith afterward endeavored to shoot one of the men, but unsuccessfully, for his intended victim pulled the first trigger, and lodged a fatal bullet in His brain. The affair has not been subjected to formal in- vestigation.Officers of the First Division of N«w-York State Militia. Committee o f the Board o f Cotuaoibnen.Mayor and Common Council, and Heads o f Departments. Relatives of the deceased.tutes, are drawn to a new country, and especially to a me to declare my views and opinions upon any or all gold country. The past week has been a very carnivalDr.Fleet. Dr. Kalinaki. THB HEARSE ', vto see Lamountain. go up' in a balloon. A nd thusclosed the Baby Convention. I think if a hand-organor two, with two or three other monkies had beenkept performing on the piazza of the United StatesHotel, t h e Coventkm would never have assembledAs it was, a little French juggler, who is here playingtricks for children, came near doing the business alone.The Convention falls far behind the o n e held a t B a r - of your sincerity and good faith in making the earnest men, who offered to take them back to the States. H eNo.253 Fourth avttiiu, Aug. 6,1860.upon their right," as a matter of principle, to call uponof the questions weich have become the subject of con- troversy in t h e pre sent canvass, a n d contend that I cannot refuse compliance with their demands without a violation of the obligation they assume to exist on my part as a candidate for public place, I have no distrustof horrors. ' , ' •A man named Smith, from Schuyler County, Illinois,(30 men) as n gnard of honor, under their Capt*in, (ex- Commanding General) J.: H. Hobart Ward. Survivors of the New-York Volunteers, bearing then* colors,drap»d in mourning.Officers and soldiers of the Army and Navy who served during the war with Mexico.blood from his wounds, and one of the ^women had nearly every particle of clothincr torn from her. Sub- sequently the prieoners were taken before Justice Mar- tin of Hudson City, who, after bearing the facts, com- m-tted them to the County Jail to await the scion of the Grand Jury. Tbeir names are Isaac Blazy, tha landlord. Margaret McGulic, Ellen Campbell, MichaelMaly John Rorke, Samuel Johnson, John Lewis, and Wm.Davis.''.''• -THE SEWING-MACITINE MONOPOLY.To tht Editor of The N. Y. Tribvne.SIR: The press, judging from its silence o n the sub-ject, seems quite unaware that Elias Howe, jr., h u an applica- tion before the Patent-Office for a renewal o f his patoot o n t h e Sewing-Machine. Andwhenwecalltomindtbcgroatwealth of the patentee and thejoint wealth and consequent influence of certain great Sewinp-Macliine Companies working under How©'» patent, and equally interested Jn the extonfioD. is it not a mattor demanding the scrutiny of the public press? Itmay be said, without exaggeration, that ev«ry poor family in the land is deep- ly interested in the question, Shall Howe's patent be extended? If the application fulls, t h e leading manufacturing Courpanlo* are prepared t o reduce t h e price o f family machines fifty p * r cent—the Whoeler & Wilson, tl>« favorite machine, from $ 5 0 t » $25. The evidence before tln« Patent-Office closed the 3d lost. For further partlcularx of the application see The Scientific Am*r*: if*» !(O'Neil) wasbar-keeper. Fourrevolverballs were assistthemtopurchaseasubstituteforColvin,hadthe fcion of Slavery, showing bis subserviency to the Slave commenced. Every person employed in theCustom- lodged in his hip and legs, and the liuib was brokenin thing been practicable.SenatorD.inandontofCongressrebatingtotheones11Thelevy npon theoffice-holders inthiscityhasHousehasbeenassessedtwentypercentonhismonth- two places. O'Neil hasthusfar survived the_ rid-Power in all things, until it became necessary for him. in order to retain h is seat in the Senate of the United States,totakehisstandagainstthe Administrationon theLecompton issue. Hisspeech wasable,interest- ing, and eloquent, as his speeches always are, and he teld his audience in rapt and silent attention for an hour and a half, saving occasional interruptions fromlysalary. Forinstance, themanwhoreceives$100 permonthmustpay $20. A clerk designatedbythe Collector istaking down names andsalaries. The amount is to be transmitted to the Breckinridge and Lane Committee in Washington. About ten thousand dollars will be raised in this way. Many a poor fellowdling, and some fears ef his recovery are entertained. Nopnb'icactionwastakenin regard to the affray, as the reputable citizens felt little interest in w. B u t on Friday night, in a drinking saloon on Blake street. Gordon attacked another man named John Gantz,in the most wanton mai ner, throwing him down, k eking him, end finally^ shooting him, in spite of hie piteous ciies for mercy. The ball entered the top of his bead,ThefollowingletterisfromthePhiladelphia Bulle- tin-:—o'clock. The Rev. Bishop Janes, asaiattd by Drs. Oa-2dint-t., from The ClevelandPlain Dealer,entitled,. cXT355hrstg of applause. AU were interested and delighted, groans when he reflects that he is probably paying forCITY INSPECTOR'S DEPARTMENT.—The work of the Bureau of Sanitary Inspection, for t^ie week endingNumber of male patients. 1,SM 708 7-12 1>75 408 4.W3 Number female patients.. 1,724 LOW 1,10) 1,235 624 5.778»ve now and then a Donglas man who worshiped a t I hashrine. •After the close of Judge Culver's speech, H . J . Ray- Jftcod, esq.,'being present, wascalledout,and,ina alwrtbutclearand impressive address, " defined hisTotals 3,318 l . : ^ 1,842 2,370 1,087 10.355 passing through the brain, and instantly proving fatal. Jersey so much resembling Cobley as to induce the be- Aug. 4, as reported to the City Inspector, is as follows: Treated at dwellings..... 5*>3 856 307 668 203 2.15X; poetion." H e sustained t h e Chicago nominations,»poks of Lincoln as an honest, able, highly intellectual,andefficient statesman, possessing allthe requisite rodeoverwithhim. Itwassimplyacountrymeeting, qualities for President, and advocated his election as"» best that could be made for ouieting the agitationon the subject of Slavery, contending that the triumph•Abatements of nuisances^ under noticeSinks and water-closets cleaned.Number of loads of night-soil removed from city limits..jtpiietwhichthecountrysomuchneeded. Hehadonlywas Winter,. and extremely cold. H e walked across the hay on the ice, and lounged about the neighborhood forweeks; saidhisnamewas RxtssellColvin,andhisDuring the month of July, as above shown, madioal atul surgical services,vaccinationandmedicinetrvr* affordedgratu-Ofthe Republican party wonld securethepeaceandrA< city.hamuB. The family sopitied himas to give him a homo Poultry—Number of pounds.... with them during the balance of his life. I have been Other Meats—Number of poundsStreet- Cleaning.' might fail to hang the traitors to the country in case (they should attempt to dissolve the Union and break op "the Government constitutionally elected b y t h emaster of the great questions of the day, and it would and the other effected h is escape. T h e third, remain- have made your heart bound to listen to his ing on the bank, was captured. H e gave his name as,..-there several times, and always have seen him attend-ing to pigs and poultry about the farm; A number ofyears after h e came there—say some fifteen years o rless, I can't recollect—two men were tried (I think it Number of load* of street dirt, filth, &.c, removed'.2.000 .-.1,750 240 .1,781• • 3 6 1 306 7,8245,983people. H e insisted that if Lincoln was not elected, Policy, 8nd to see what quick and earnest responses•the strong probabilities were that Joseph Lane, as and cheers went up from the crowd at every point made. He is the son of Irish parents and a self-madeduring the four years succeeding the Administration offtlr. Bnchanan. Such a result, he behoved, would be who are up, fair and square, with the Pennsylvaniapost calamitous to the country. w .Tltc Nashville Union and American is still anxious —A Wide-Awake Clab has heen organized in Cohoes, concerning th e political antecedents of Mr. Leverett K.Y. Itnumbersalready80members. President, Saltonstall,ofMassachusetts. Acorrespondentofthatname of his companion who wss drowned as Frank Mul- ligan, and the other as Jesse Ogden. Both were from Wisconsin. H e w a s chained and brought back to town, where he was placed under guard. The owner of the mules identified them on the fellowing morning.- Anothercompany,atalatehonronSaturdaynight, found Gordon at Fort Luptomj25 miles below this city, onthebankofthePlatte. TheFort isanoldadobesame man. One was. found guilty of murder in the first degree, and sentenced to oe hanged; the other was sentenced to imprisonment for life.A lawyer connected with the trial deemed the case a most singular one, and inserted a notice in the paper inquiringifanyoneknewsaidRussellColvin,giving withal a description of the man. This caught the eye ofabrotherofMr.Polhamus,atwhosehousethemanColvin was living. He forthwith wrote to eaid lawyer, detailingtheabovefacts. Polhamusaridthelawyer were soon on the way to New-Jersey to see the mur- deredman. Theyfoundhimthere,andColvinknew the lawyer, and called him byname at first sight. After somepersuasion, his reluctance to go to VermontDr. G . H . Billings; Secretary, W . H. Stevenson.—The South Western News, a paper published at Imericus,Ga<,haschangedhands,andwillgoforpaperwritesasfollows:" I eee in a recent issue an inquiry as to w ho M r. trading post, built very securely for protection againstBURGLARY AND A TTEMPT TO KILL.—On the 28th of FebruarylasttheliquorstoreofFrankHughes*No. 103Cherrystreet,wasbroken into byayoungIrish- man named Pat soy Conway, and robbed of $350. T h e burglarimmediatelyfledtotheSouthwithhisplander, andonlyreturnedafewdayssince. JamesDonovan met Patsoy in Cherry street a few nights ago, and a c - cused him of th e robbery, whereupon Patsey drew a largebowie-knife,and,aftercuttingDonovanseverely onthearm,Bucceededinescaping. Hewasnotseen again until Sunday nighty when h e w a s encountered by Officer Creighton of the Fourth Ward, who at-,-~T?r6m the tax returns of Muscogee County, Ga., itfceld t Washington, Ohio. Nearly 4,000 persons aSphered at a grove near the town, and were addressed*7 the Hon. Samuel Galloway. After the speakinghave lodged in his horse, and another in his person. Three of the guard had horses, and immediately gave chase. One of them, who w as better mountedJtfcan the others, nearly overtook Gordon on Box Elder Creek,twelve miles from the fort, and by two well- directedshotswoundedbothhimandhishorse.Joe succeeded in escaping into the timber, but the party brought back MBhorse. and coat on their TMtnrn.ually captured.at the Tombs, who committed himto answerthe charges of burglary and felonious assault.DEATH FROM VIOLENCE ATTHE ALMS-HOUSE.— Coroner Gamble held an inquest at the Alms-House,please. Nobody can go to BAaacx'a now without boUnjrtcWf;was concluded, a Lincoln and Hamlin pole was raised, ' an outrage upon human rights'—' an aggravated***theRepublicanflaghoistedamidenthusiasticac- enormity'—'anoutrageonthesensibilitiesofaChris- clamations. tian community, by snndeiing the ties of Christian brotherhood,'and as ' involving the whole country in—TheNew-YorkwrreapondentofTheCharU*ton guiltanddisgraceV" Couriersaysthatprivateintelligencehasheenreceived —The Southern Confederacy'is atoncesevereupon fceretothejeffectthattheHon.W.L-YanceyofAla- Mr.ToomheandcrueltowardtheEnglishlanguageint *•EC rifl kama will in a few weeks visit thia city. VWow North by way of, Teaaewee and KentAky,the following paragraph from an editorial artiole: "Mr. Toombs is a jester. ; He has no fixedness of•daily,ftom9a.m.to6p.m. Ladfaxahray«toattw>4"»0*- T&thebestof my recollection,thehistoryrailthus: occupied a room together, and cm the 3d last, got into ..sanations strictly f rltate whan datfetd,I! y."':,•whetting the guillotine which in *March next'is to b e used in his decapitation."—A correspondent writes from Lebanon, UL, under date of August 1, as follows:\".Amassmeeting of the Republicans of St.Clair County was held a t Belleville last Saturday, and I ac- cepted the invhatien of a physician of this place and.213 Whole numbervaccinated80 54 770 1,164 1,072 1,206 1.007 1,203but a great one—at least 10,000 people being present. Frank Blair, Carl Schurz, Joe. Gillespie, Hecker, and Mr. Allen, were the speakers. Gillespie is the Repub- lican candidatefor Congrees, and a powerfulmanbring in Gordon, dead or alive;One of the pursuing parties near the Platte, 12. milesbelow this City, came in view ai three men and rodetowardthemto make inquiries inregardtoGordon.in V ermont, and never would return there again.' I t 15searching and lucid presentation of the ProtectiveSamuel K. Dunn of Champaign-County, Ill.; and ad- mitted that he and his comrades were on their way to the States with three stolen mules. H e confessed that the animals were stolen with his knowledge, but de-Number of laborers employed.Number of carts employedNumber of loads of ashes and garbage removedPresident of the Senate, would be the acting President man like Lincoln. He is one of the few nicked m en, nied any active partnership in the theft. He gave the was in Burlington, Vermont) for the murder of thisAmount earned by sweepers Amount earned by dirt-cartruon Amount earned b y ash-cartnienTotal amount..'»$1,408 87£ 1,136091,804 9 5 $4,349 91}standard*" '.Leverett Saltonstall, Mr. EveretVskeeper, is. I wouldtheIndians,butnowusedasaranche. Thepursuers,like to know if it is"the same Leverett Saltonstall who,BreckinridgeandLane;itwasbeforeaDouglaspaper. onthe21stdayofMarch.1842,intheCongressofthe deemtheirpartylargeenoughtocapturehimintheUnited States, voted against censuring that vile Aboli- tionist, Joshua R. Giddings, for introducing a string of—Theyonng Republicans of Stillwater, Minnesota, ^ 6 organized a Wide-Awake Club.proving the rebellion and mutiny of slaves on the brig ger arrived here, a large number of citizonajbarted for they arrived in Burlington, tb4 Court-House was soon %earstiiatthereareinthecounty6,164slaves,val- Creole;andsayingthat,inmurdertng. tltewmasters theplace; but,meanwhile,atdaylightonSunday filledwithanexcitedcommunity,allanxioustoseethe uedat$4,203,350. Thetotalvalueofthelandis theyviolatednolawoftheUnitedStates,incurredno morning,Gordon,mountedonafleethorse,hadsud- deadman. Officersweresooncollected,theprisoners penalty, and arejustly liable to no punishment. Is he denly ridden out of the ranche, dashed through his were brought, and they as well as all the community,.-, i\*mines are doing a paying business, and some are yield- ing largely.. The Black Hawk Mill, in running thirty hours last week, turned out $1,184. Messrs. Clark,The coffin was enveloped in an American flag, and on top were the sword and epaulettes of the deceased. At2£ o'clock the Rev. Dr. Stryker and the relatives of the deceased entered the room, when the burhd,.ser- vice, according to the rites of the Protestant Episcopal Church, was read. A t the conclusion of the service the Rev. Dr. Stryker briefly addressed the assemblage, advising them to prepare for the fate that awaitedt h e m . '..; /The Rev. Dr. Armitage followed in a few impreasireremarks, and paid a high tribute of respect to^the memory of the deceased. He was particularly struck withaletterwrittenby Major Fairchild tohissister, from Mexico, in which he said, " Take care of my child, and teach him to love God." That was the true spirit of a patriot and a Christian, and he w as one who on the battle-field did not forget to dedicate his childtoJesus. Upon concluding hiaremarkshead- dressedtheThroneofGrace,andthereligiousservices were ended with a benediction. A processionwas thenformedinthefollowingorder:His nice sense of honor ana of justice was proverbial, and would-have rendered him incapable of the plotting and duplicity that would have been required in substt tuving a man to simulate Russel Colvin in the presence of the people of'Manchester, where the supposed mur- oVrers, tht-ir victim,• and Mr. Whelpley .had been, schoolboys together.commenced, by a member of the Central Union Com- brings rain-with him." T h e amount of water whichmittee, of Tennessee. It is now completed, and I has descended this season ie more than double 'that of mate history of their famines, their quarrels, thefanciful view,of Pike's Peak, representing that moun- tain"as a perfect cone with a distressingly sharp apex.frequently deluged. T h e old settlers of New-Mexico lifetime. And no intelligent person who knew Mr. W._il.rallege that much more rain now falls in that Territory than formerly. T h e question whether the settlement of- a* prairie^ country does materially increase t h e amountofrainisof someimportance,forifitdoesthe GreatAmerican Desertmay yetblossomastherose. Itsarid soil requiresnothing"but liberalsuppliesof watertostimulateittoproduceabundantly.and listened to his account of the facts in thi? caeej could ever doubt the entire authenticity of the narra- tive as related by him; and a s published i n "the year 1820.Thosefactsarevery well stated inthenewspaperarticlerepublishedinTHE TRIBUNE onSaturday;andasCtlvin returned withMajor Whelpleytohis-newhome in New-Jersey, where he indulged in the agree ••3.It is currently reported that a new Express line toTwo desperadoes from Osawatomie, Kansas, namedJames Langhlin and Pat. Devlin, became involved ina quarrel a oout a . disputed claim, and, on Saturday,the 14th inst., repaired to Colorado City to settle thedifficulty after th e approved custom of the country.During the rencounter which ensued, Langhlin lodgedsix slugs in the body of Devlin. Tha', worthy, how-ever, had become somewhat acenstomed to cold leadduring t h e later troubles in Southern Kansas, and, o nthe following Friday morning; was still alive, thoughbis recovery was deemed impossible. A Jury of the sent for and returned to Maccheeter, aud the Boomsnent speakers are engaged.. ' . . . 'Gantz was a native'of Lockport, N . Y ., and more re- cently from Leavenworth,' K. T. He was a quiet and unofiending man, and unarmed a t the time.. This atrocious murder caused ereat excitement. O nSaturday morning a public meeting w a s held, the no-cessary funds were raised, a n d men were sent, out, onlief he was the very man. and so cleared him from the gallows, and let him and his brother go free.Perhaps I can cast some light on this most singular transaction. More than forty years since, a deranged man came to my-father's-house, near Tuckerton, New- Jersey, hungry, ragged, and dirty. Ho was cared forTreated at Dispensaries..2,755 1,382. 134 Primary vaccinutions5 BevacclnatioHs •1,475 1.707 25 33knowing the desperate character of Gordon, did not•'••'.:'-'•. 'ranche, and having, in the language of the country, •' corraled " him (surrounded the Fort), they sent backresolutions into'that body openly justifying andap- toDenverforretinforcements.. Assoonasthemessen- was overcome,and allthree started North. Whengar OPSTOLEN -»yby»*«gt.0«imB 11,800,474. thesameLeverettSaltonstallwho,in1843,voted,inguards,andBtruckoffupontheprairie.SeveralshotsrecognizedColvinatonce.Theprisonersweredis-temptedtoarresthim.Patseyshowedfight,andmentsshowthatthisoldfavoriteplaceofamnsemanttotow^Jew* Boom,;tbe man who was once sentenced to be hangedforthemurderofMr.ColvininVermont,andknot in it. which penetrated the back of his he*d and killedhim;thattneythenthrewhimintoathicketfound bad he been left in the thicket, and; If they told a hasbeenapkinghimEelf,"WhatwilltheSouthdoif imprisonmentforcounterfeiting. Hisageisnow76 trueandconsi&Teatstoryofthewholetransition,ittel, the* proprietors very kindly permitted the boys, form the groundwork of the Republican party. Per a Abraham Lincoln is elected President ?" And his years. • was m » t likely they could be cleared, orexecutive;«no^^vi&W through"the intercession of their parents,to occupy the JbaB-room of the hotel, instead of the St.-Nicholas. A tfew years the. Americans ruled here; but, since the last State Election, they have become conscious that their prominent leaders in the State, Hunt, BrookB &' Co., have been trafficking with their vot*>s. This had'the effect to drive them into the Republican ranks. In thepaper, The Southern Confederacy, echoes the follow- The interest attaching to the original case having clemency would be exercised. •years of age.*CITY MORTALITY.—The City Inspector's r«poAgives a total of 497 deatbs last week, being a decreaeo the man "who reappeared was a person hired to per- and buried him, and when a hoiss was made about it, of 7 from the mortality of the week previous, 15 fromout, and conveyed Colvin from nis distant hidingplace •'he was the gate-keeper of the Marine-Hospital grounds : a*. Staten Island, where he died of yellow fever, con- tracted in the dif-charge of his duties in the Summer of1856. From an intimate acquaintance with him as a. gentleman a n d a s a subordinate, I a m warranted in statingthatMajor-Whelpley wasaman whoso state- ment could safely be relied upon under all circatnstances;.MORTON F AIRCHILD.Bievct Major l»tRegiment N.,Y.Volunteer*. DIED AV(i. 9, I860.Aged 54years. •\:. DENVER CITY, PIKE'S PKAK, July 24, 18»0./About half the quartz mills now hi operation in the during the latter years of his life. F o r several years 1inthe pines of New-Jersey, was well known"tome ;The facts relating to Colvin and the Booms, the inti-'•able hallucination that he was monarch and owner of,St.JosephandOmahawillbeputinoperationintwo the"pines,"itprobablywouldnotbedifficultto Battalionoffonrcompaniesfrom11thRegiment,Col.Bosrwick,1or three weeks, b y the W estern Stage Company, b y which passengers "will be carried to the Missouri-River for seventy-five dollars, and letters for ten cents. N o t - wiibstandmg the present high charge of a quarter of a dollar for a letter, and one dime each for papers, aboutascertain the later history of the man whose ghost has appeared to so many of the Boom family. No doubt or uncertainty should be allowed to continue respecting a case of ench interest and importance. .The fact that Major Whelpley was a gentleman of the stric'est ve.acity and integrity, that he was inti- mutely acquainted with all the persons implicated, and that he could not himself be mistaken concerning the identity of Colvin, nor be deceived regarding the facts he witnessed and related, leaves no room for a doubt that the Booms were innocent, at least, of that murder for, which they were condemned, and that Jesse Boom's thrice-repeated confessions are as unreli- able as the operations of his disordered mind.Respectfully youru,consisting ofCompany A, Capt. E. Simon, 43men. Company C, Capt; Woinburger, 24 men. Company K,.Capt C F y , 34 men.Company G. Capt. John Kubin, 84 men.The whole under command of Major Ferrere,with band of 24 and 4 drummers. Total, 1G5. P AL VBBAKBR8.in carriages, as follows, viz:•-so neglected and maltreated hi3 wife and three children that they fled from the California Gulch, where he was residing with them, and started for this city with two.; BOSTON, July 31,1860. Editors Plain Dealer: I find copied in THE NJB'W- YORK TRIBUNE, from your paper, an article in reference to the arrest of Jesse Boom.(or Bourn) o<h a charge ofcounterfeiting, and a statement in reference to _ his for-mer conviction of murder in Vermont, in which thereare many inaccuracies. I resided in Vermont a t thetime, and afterward. published a newspaper in Man-chester, where the whole thing, trial and all, occurred,and am perfectly familiar with all the circumstances..Stephen and Jesse Boom were charged with the mur-.der of their brother-in-law, Russell Colvin.- Colvin where the remains of deceased were interred.. bad been partially insane, a n d h a d been missing for several years. A person dreamed. that h e h a d been murdered by the Booms, and of the place where they buried him. A lotof' bones were found at•the place indicated, and so strong was the popular belief in the guilt of Stephen and Jesse that they were apprehended, and, under a prom- ise of acquittal, confessed their guilt. This confession was afterward retracted, but it did not save them from being found guilty of murder by a Jury participating largely 1n the wild prejudices of the time. The Booms were both sentenced to be hung, but the sentence of Stephen was commuted to that of the State' Prison for life. H e w a s actually sent to th e State Prison, at Windfor. Before the time arrived for the execution, of Jesse, Colvin was heard from in New-Jersey, w a sA large wigwam, decorated with bannera, will b e inauguratedto-morrownight,at8o'clock,atthecor- ner of Sixtieth street and Third avenue. Republican clubs and associations are expected to attend, and emi-" False Personation at a Critical Moment," attracted my attention. It purports to be a confession of a notor- ious eoucterfeiter, by the name of Boom, that he killed a man by the name of Cobley, forty years ago, in Ver- mont, a n d escaped,by producing a man-from N e wbon and Foster, will conduct the services. v.t •2 =i-52"33- •53 PIalltheroadsleadingfromDenver,withinstructionsto duringthe night. Heeaidthathehadbeenmurdered Deadhorsesremovedfromcitylimits08 Numberforeignpatients..2,317 97<J 835 1.167 586 5,871Theyinstantlyfled,makingfortheriver.Twoofthem peoplelivedinVermont. Hetraveledupshoreafew Beef—Numberofpounds Veal—Number o f pounds1,450 itouslyto10,355persons. Theprincipalcausesofdeathwerei one fear in case Lincoln should b e elected, a n d that before the people. I had the pleasure of listening to*as.that,fromhiskindandbenevolentnature,he him,andapleasureitwasindeed. Heisintrutha plungedinandattemptedtocroas;onewasdrowned milesaboveTom'sRiver,tothehouseofaMr.Pol- FLih—Numberofpoundscholera infat turn and consumption.OXNKKAI RKMAKKS.—In the Eastern District remittent andcontinued fevers Wore increasing.ARSON.—John Schnepf. EmUe Berprur, and WdltamM. Joh...on'w«ro yesterday token helbre Justice Welsh, charged with having set fli«'to-«i uninhabited dwelling hoose. N o \f Church street. Thepi** we*usedatnightMa»tfrt of head- quarters for loafers, and nnmbem of-th»>m w„re In the habit o f • W i n ; there. T h e t w o farst-mentloued prisoners_ allego that thovsaw Johnson pile up a lot o f shavings under the buUdinti andaftemard set fire to them, " to burn oat the bummersL« t * he said Bergnr states that he put out the lire onoe. but John- sou relit it. All the prisoners were committed to answer.••'»"•A.ssAcr.TEO H S K MOTUER-IN.LAW.~-An Irishwo- mannamedM»ryMurphywasarrestedonSunday,night,oh«rg«4 with having committed a felonious assaultnpon her axed mother. Tbo two won.enwere engaged in aquarrel,whenItIsalleged" that Mary struck her relative on the head with a conksholl, frafl- turine her skulL T h e injured wowan w a s taken t o Bellero*Hospital,andherassailantwaslockedupforexamination. •• •in»,FATAL ACCIDENT.—A little boy 10 years of age,sonofMr.Darrtiitcher,residingatNo.21Washingtonterrace, Hobokea, waa instantly killed on Saturday night. H e w a s gat- tingdownfromapileoffencepost*Inalumberyard,whenoa» of them fell upon his head, fracturing the skull. ," [Advertisement. IBARNTJM'S MUSEUM.-—The bills and aavOTtwa* "H>n the 28th ulfc., a great Republican meeting was company with Joshua R. Giddings and other vile Abo- were fired after him, one of which w a s believed to charged, of course. Colvin's wife and two sons came again attempted to use hie bowie-knife, but was event- oughly alive, and the crowds of visitor* day and night atte#s-t*aTwentyorthirtyotherpersonastillcontinuetne Mr.Colvin. HemutteredallthetimeIwasreading, iJlackwell'sIsland,onthebodyofLorenzoFaber,a.BOTHSEXES.—Ladies,aawellasffttt**" tionaofcharacter,ofFOWMXljW»«.No.V*******3search. .. Wbiletheeoeventswere;transpiringontheprairie, afatalshootingoccurredinDenver. At10o-ejocx Sunday night Sell Hftdley, an auctioneer from Gales-bnrg, Illiuois, was accidentally shot by William Batesi. I" ';' .-untilIhadtolayitaside,ashewas getting angryat thesightofit. Mrs.PolhamusBaidtheBightofthe bookalwayBenragedhim.German,sixtyyearsofage,whosedeathwashastened byblowsinflictedbyWilliamSantry.ThesotwomenFORmen, may obtain Phrenological CharU. wtth full ^ « £ * ~ * wUntitled Document'/. :. •%» -•••'• i £,CMIROY .The Rev. T. Armitage, D. D. (Baptist).ELI3HA HARRIS.The following ia from The Cleveland Plaindealer; Drawn by four gray horses, surrmnded by the Scott Life Guard room were demolished, the landlord was covered withCitizens and friends o f the deceased in carriages.THE JAPANESE APPROPRIATION—The case of Chat- field vs. The Mayor, Aldermen, aud Commonalty, ask- ing an injunction forbidding the payment of the appro- priation of $105,000 for the Japanese bill, was not reached inChambersvesterday. It standsNo.150onicon of July 21. I860.New York, Aug. 0,1860.ANTI-MONOPOLY.the calendar, and Wednesday.probably willn o t comeu pbefore.'•v •;Maj. Farnbam,Capt. Taylor. N . Y. V., Capt Innis, N. Y. V ,prietor remonstrated, h e was set. upon and beaten iu a mest shocking manner. T h e female inoiaten rais«d a cry of murder, which was heard by the police of the the Fonrth Ward, in Jersey City, four of whom went up and assisted the officers from Hudson City in arrest- ing a number of the rioter*, while the others escaped. The furniture and everything moveable in the bar-REPORT OFTHK DISI'KNSAKIKS of the City of New-- new Methodist Episcopal Church in Twenty-fourth York for the ruoulh of Jttly. 1800:•MESSRS. EDITORS:—Anarticleinyourissue of the- street,nearNinth avenue,willbelaid to-morrowat3 ~.V.•SO «1nAbatement of Nuisances.Complaints of nuisances, &c, received Complaints for which no cause existed3 6 1 37884 8,209 5 172 5 21 80Dead cows.removed from city limits *...-.Dead dogs and other small unimalH removed from city limits. 506 Number of barrels of offal removed from city limits ...3,610 XJmouhd and Jjiaeducd Meats, Fish, qc., seized or removed from .032 19 28 8IU 89 21 84 4.247 4,370.".H e w a s taken before Justice W elsh,MI ';. '••:'" • .' ':.-'•.' ,1.. • .;"1'.•..7 8 3 70 . 259 Number of adults 2,506 1,025 . 375 Number of children 812 713 .1,346 Number native patients.. 1,001 7 0 2~5 W% 527 5.<m 5«0 4808 501 4484Number sent to Hospital.Number of deathsPrescriptions dispensed..7,446 2 ,8 1 49 7606 91 3260 81,187repaid for time and money. r•' 'MiNUTUBJBJJ IK PH., and T>X9VMM»X0^t*WU (Advertlsoment.];••Mr ' :'••... '$•'* •:,a•.,fAdverttseinent.] GURNEY'S GALLERY. No. 707 Bioadwmy. PHOTOGKAHHS, IVOKTTTr«8,.1 1 m' I•-i1 iMMlMiiij^^^iWg^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 13069^if!^f^v!:f<^ ii|P^llti$^^ ^^^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York• •www.fultonhistory.com 