 jV«ir.TOBK. KOintAT.ffOT. 18, 18N.«>e y«>-artlHCtee>i,^ilirt(iMi Tfilfitfcigl-iii^^ailg«• toM B«fldia» ItoBtliic mmriA.mmk'nw.amaataAXumnf.judgesshall not prestime to inter- In the case if one of them, however,^35!t«rt4 ACi^EIfTfhirty-sixth-street. dispersedactors.iron, boiler of the H. R. 'W. Hill, last week, cost forty persons their lives. Meanwhile, from motives of economy, thick•3'taithe City"*•''"• ^~ /i-^ iBTarlabbrthe failure ofn ThePresidaat is in*•>«•'"•'»«'•rtsta iMnMsd to B. J. KATHOND k CCmwhich.In theA niMLKAn xAnoa—a rAome KBAOT, KTO.r tt>M«w-TomKTnm. K«w-York Citr.ended.'•latss, asr-'to •dT«nee.MoNTooiuBY,—in themselves sufficient-oonm-& of munennM IstlHBthis BmUiV* 01' HOSIC—iJk Jditi.convicted of manslaughter in the third degree, was sentenced to Sing Sing for two years. The Court then until next Saturday.add tothe difficulties ofto asex-WasaimiMi, Snad^, Hor. receiptiwrought-ironplateobjectedbeinggsLDOsr GiuxiT—Jabtm' Csiucnos.SimAVr GA1,L1BT, No. 6» Broadway—Td ' 'Cl»- A" PioTuai.and were dearer. Lard, Beef, Hemp, Hides, Fish, have in the world, simply because the Gov- plate has been found to be so much greater the past two months. The hope so long deferred Fruit, Foreign Liquors, Coffee, Metals, Molasses, arc almost heart has come atSenator LATHAk baring arrived, the PseUe mse aentatlves sre to hoU a meeting, witt a view to isal^ Inga joint address to their eoastltaeais, nigl^.«Confederacy,separate Indading CalUbmU,m Kra—Tn Tbuptatios aiTd thi fcxpuLsios.lightly and the steel boilers are now being taken out /air inquiry prevailed for Hay and Hops. The dary line, Ur. Buchanan might at least havelast. " La Julve " is to be brought out to-night with even greater circumstance and. crowds than dis- tinguished its production at the Winter Garden lasteOera/S OALLBBT, No.Br»adir»y—Adasaito freight engagements were r^tricted, although snicpers had any existing advantage. Therethe tosomeman to andiron boilerssubstituted." AndweshallCANAIy-CTRKST—No. orOnFaistiiiss.!dignitaries" at 10 cents each a night absolutelyNEW^S OF TH—tion, and the means of removing them. We Mr. John Pink's exploits. A year ago he acolytes and people of that class, no less tlian two had developed the whole plan of pioeeedings la a^aoilinfties for thd support of the troops, and alsodangerreadysponsible for it.pathy with the Kansas sufferers will be re-professional opinionthoroughlyfor their support, with all that charming but careless lessee.be Induced to remain In the Union. He is^-Vsznoos'a fuaSALUUTwere 498 vessels of all classes in port.The Sectional Troable§—Snggeations of proper person with authority to ascertain theSpring,"Washington,The action of theDAY.The steamship Ariel, nine days from Asplnwall,in detail the merits of thefraternal spirit for the purpose of ejfectlng a more have been sent, to ride rough-shod over the nounced impracticable, justminmmWWPWPBPSW^iPiP"lli A4 •laiUjasvPmpfl^^pgpPIPI nCPpPVPRPP*!'tkeWnr-TOWTnrea{8aiiil-We«kly)-»»"»°^ werenotifiedthatto violate the law without becoming liable to sum-Let him resUt attempt a forty-milelike the information on this head fromtorw.td«l«i•arj3=t±^«nnn»b.n •P^Io.Um. closingtheSundaytheatres,andlasteveninganlittle over a fortnight-ffi~Sjr5Sl CAUrOBMAestablishment of that character at No. 198 WestIn the Court of Oyer and Terminer, on Saturday, the case of Hcllioah was postponed one week.ofwas visitedbythe Police,seriousof Captdangers fromEansas. The movementsat least better than castwtJI^who the audience and arrested six o(.thelege the Vessel in questioncoaster, and, therefore, testimony to that ff- fctcouldnotbeintroduced. Theobjectionnor an extortion at commonSeveral Theywere,therefore,aUdismissed,andthei- •''^Uf-l'lS! •»«»"• Wee. «» wnppon.to have been aalready givenIn thr f-i ' a circular sent by the Peru- hopes that the result may prove auspicious. With aacter of ifam/cr, being what may be fairly termed his rived here this afternoon, says that the Udn^aiac "fConanl at Cartbagena, had been arrested and im- JournaVs intimations will doubtless be re- piiaoned. It is extremely probable that the stories ceived with favor. As to that fact we have—Mr. CilABLKS Walcot, of whose merit as an artist It Is unnecessary to speak, takes his benefit to-night, offering "She Stoops to Conquer"abolish her Personal Liberty bills, all will be UnioaistB instead of Secessionists. Xtlsonion is inevitable aa-of Dolce, has been a total failure. well-infonned correspondent.Europeanadvices which one still older and more sacred was re- version of theThe with steamship Arago,storyprevail compUmeiit to a gentleman »ith whom they haveni^t, and was intercepted by the news ya^t ofthe Assodated Press. She left Havre on the 13thand Somfaampton on the 14th inst. It was reportedthat the attempt to negotiate a treaty of peace with They will therefore be very cautious about China at Tien-tsin had failed, and that the Englishtroubleinother of boilers besides the fire-boxes.Fire " continues the week. Mr. LtsTia Wai^ throughdesire or spirit of compromise on the part of ble aM!Cmt.«f-0^ MoaTOOHZBT than reached either section. We shall be agreeably disap- iia firiMliiwm'il Xhe latest information received pointed if the suggestion is not scouted,—not— John Penn.not entitled to the credit of creating panics, under the management of Mr. Steabt. Neither Gab-ACOUSTA—BANK BUSmSIOn TBOCBLZ IN TBI LXeULATOXB.Councscs, Saturday, Nov. M. The demonstration made here to-day wastk*tlMiafraaiPoitBeatt shows that no demonstra-tion had been ngada that It was acainst place.thoBfbt thattfaaot^eet MT XonooiiXXT was only tedMmeoffsomeobnoxkniaiettleia, and that heit only feeds and nurses them. It merely se- The boiler steel furnished at the price of Bicx, nor BsTTxama, nor Mcsdbh, nor Dowio.f re- cures them fair play. It takes good care that first-class iron boiler-plate, is at least a third ceived one half this sum in their best days. No wan-hadcetaoroTi&TaaiBfKBaaoari. loCut,theburdengiven]>e]]ed to stand back awhile. This is doubt- mitted tiiat insufficient strength of plate is theintention of aa«an»neDt offi- moIealingth«succeciled.ofthanawaftoBHissaDri relatira to to eioos and always reliable neighbor, the Herald, him, Tipthe pnaent time, is fear that he wiU do somethinganbiit the peaoe end qoietness of Hat State. In* days we may hope to obtain reliable infor- telegwns fitnn Washington an announcementMiss Gannon's benefit on Saturday night Wallack's was a bumper. She is stiU Uie mo»l p.^uantia processieB, and camxm were 'fired as a salute to tte"^matlaa lelattre to YiM morements and intentions.;gas, thing gineeringTha ofprolongad spell mDd weather which hasfor the last two months ended in a vio-the bud Every panic, t—likefromnotice,andmorning CoCBBAn,ofAlabama, qieaks to-dgM,prevd^lent blow from the Southeast on^,^^ anchor. Like aU other itrsBg-to the oofflmander of one ciumged to the northwest, when, for a few mo- the naval officer, irith equal haste, #«m orders that asmen, m should usiiniiif aaaitsrai;ber of our ciUzens Tbi Eabbob-Mabtu Indicthxhts Quashed. «x.n as she dropped"^""^^ ^,, her best dress, putwefl with rain, which onFriday, accompa- Saturday morningfort, appliedhad thebehavior, and be equippedmenujvewM^if.^® ^%om.^*"l^erliv b,^??"^"*"""ee. ».on TMOfcourse,"addstheconservotiTeHerald, This was done vritbout the orders of the AdaiiBls-political Press,entertainzen who may present himself at the ship's side for ad-No passes sie and Ametlcaa ma- required, "Saturday mcrrJne from tK"«he tralioi^ who will doubtless dispatch a proper rebuke ject, and denouncing the Herald for its in- the present incumbent of the Executiveand resolutions wereceasloB. Heettags are bring held daUydlirerent pc^Hons <rf Georgia, indicating tb«l U» P**"" larfeellBgisstnaglylnfkvorofsecesiioa.with snow.Udand—entirelycourse. These writersspcdte,most *«^rousmission.ehhilstsareespeciallyinvttedtocome onboard."aod nightlysevere, toprobabirit willOneofthe mostdestructive fir.. „h. v.—but it is City,them speedyMniBMBvniB, The Bouse to-day resolved««»• eJ*"*"^oownadfliis seasonbroke out onSat^rf'i'^ *^*I!Many ies madequitetheytrict-Attorney promisedBev. J. C. Flxtcbib's first lecture of liis seriesfirst fall of snow this season. throughont Saturday, and the"^ "»« ""°"sbrosd,ap?revid Wintry to Vessels in the"'^ «"^* began earlyof our course inment, and became the occasion of severe at- be admlUed riiltors woulrt notAn enthusiastic meeting was held herefep^«nte,r,?'', "=<=rP"^!^ ''*^«IB**•_^L"*" .4ping 'Xi^crLrZu'r'jLlX:to The accused themselves anxious assume professedand a Democratic Dis-and en-The Spanish Captain says, with true Ulienllty, one and all, and we will treat yoo weU.""comeVste loss U set down at over $600,000.alarge partengineering only second in importance to theilnffciM. «aa insured. Nesrly eTery hisaranesnot be lightlyMcGouGH,is pensive and heavy.ta-tlTcftf has «Ared by this fire.con- over whichthe remedy for snch' mischief, soCourt ofand Terminer, on Saturday, thelX^Z^j of small account, ^SrJiber fires comparattvelyincompletely they must approve theOyer indictments againstlaw haveaccumolatedbeg the naval officerbusiness,thathad been taken from a coast- 'to trial, has induced the police authoritiesbrought onthatin,best,—andthey shownthatafee"titlsnn^ Jaekan,at 12J<nSn*wMk,aHlMBizDotLAiaaTe«- _.„n-t. a compliance with the law. On Saturday all the this really prodigiousiigalnuud11lalin PririTrnrimrlerTadtowonld bridge.to adopt another plan with the object of enforcingcoast,"CohuDbia, Angaiia, WDadgerflla, Sew-OrletM|Oiter:yesterday.«-^.»/"!"^?"„«J»^- bethelastdayonwhichtheywouldbeMrmltted marchacrossitfromb «Ur««for liquor.dealer8any Disunionists whothe mainland of Floridaneed noWhat^u*.}»r, tw.c.H«tO0D. F17 "°"^- i«»M •*. i-n #bu «^^i^wry rer.to. <m etra copg/or to««l/.any- ingvessel,which wasbylaw exemptmary arrest and imprisonment at Ieast>for one but let the bridge itself be spared, until some night. TheeffectofthenotificationwasapparentSteelBoUers.adjournedThe Stock and Money markets were further im-are boiler-steel warranted to standstatute,law, though'apparently having both in view.•alMolnte certalaty, sad nigiaf him to oCar ao IMM-Flour was in good demand and was very firm.ders to Gen. Habhit to suppress all resistancebuildet,boat named after himself, to run between Do-forherself. OneUnionWheat and Com were held at rates above theHpOLIT fc CAKTBHJ.'S, KiWo'i 8«l«o»-KraionAa views of and were A moderate to the laws. If he is resolved to carry out thebuycra quiet.tatMtxiilaatru, business was transacted in Cotton, but at irregular ruthless and unjust policy, by wtiich theseDiSnTUTE OF mre AETS, No. eiS Broadway- -Dc»- prices. Pork and Whisky were more sougut after settlers are to be robbed of everything they"expansionSteel boilers were put in, and contraction of the steelAmBsements.Mr. Ullman lias lifted his little head once more tatlves now here rather bvor the Idea, tiionld dlaa»-Sugars, Rice and Tobaccowere dealt in. A ernment saw fit to change the Indian boun- than that of iron that they useless, which has made sick the operaticmutual desire to turmonlze differences, let ussup- Slaveeverythinggreat indignation among her eitlzeas. Strsaaoasthat In thebdaspose law—a lawplaceFugitiveof the late Mr. but it was then BraTON,BSginieof a vindictivt repugnantearlyefforts are being nude to trace thesad1The Albany Iron Worksof Tortngas,.i8 certainly not Am toaat aatonod-judgmsBt i« MMpeiiM until a jurj ibMld de' •'Such a work ing t ofskin shouldadvertlshig andcide the iaraie. Butthe best hid of lAtris'MOVflKiiftIn a marked decrease of the number of persons other than th? Herald's correspond-Theof theMohawk, and of theMOVEMENTS TO MEET THE MONEY PROSMLFROK WA8HIMOTOK. 8ECI8BI0H oomDniB A <nuRAiaTr-ABTM» TO FUSIPBBT VOOBAMtM—nXtM «Byesterdayplaces where liquor usually has been publicly ex- posed for sale, while the arrests for drunkenness wereaboutone-fourthoftheordinarynumber. A movement has also been made in the direction ofents have seen and proportions.taken measurement of itsexplosionly are exasperating,—scarcely select a jooinal «o hoatile to fh^ In-terests as the medium of theirdestroyed, standing, as it does, the source of their intelligence. They have men and mice gang aft astray ;" and In theTHE SECK^Mnt UMimnKwMart to Htv^f^^^bridgepiece of masonry the Herald, in s few Herald's course, dse they would not sustain to a natural death, the result of constitutionalTrjiigteMaet «•necting Havana with lattertheir own hands, that —the accused officials came of their defects, existing from their birth.Key West,for infractions of the Sunday daya more, may start a locomotive with a It And as they are the beston Saturday and Bnnday.The fact that some thirty thousand eoniplainUacainst liquor-dealersSpurredtrain of cars. WefM nsW-TOBX TDtXa (OlOr) « pablUluxl arm? Attorney, with no Immediate prospect of their being is in command " of one of the ships of war fere. They will read, and advertise and of Mabstih. the indictment was not quashed Idvloe* from Wadii^taa, UekEswd,on the hands of the District-weas newspapers theywho ownhesitate before destroying thus enconrage and support precisely such until the evidence on the People's behalf hadThe Perils firom Kansas.The country is again threatened with verysimilar disasters within avery seriously suggests the question of a better—boiler materialeagernessclient had professed, and asked an acquittal onthegroundthattheindictmentdidnotal-to be sohandled desperate and reckless politicians as greatly toresentedon Saturday by the liold turn in the Bank war of Abolition, and as threatening and ac-furnishinga third to a half moreHBiaW OAiuDjar—Knie txu.LM^A XUMB'B THXATae—Tax Sxtik Sutbm. HlHBK •ASOni—HAauT.which they are capable, to the paragraph CeOnBUlSTITUTB-BiT.J.C.FMTcniB'gLictcri landkeepsdownto 100®102 for Merchantbills, theFederalGovernment,havetfiken arms going the rounds, to the effect that steel althoughthey^tJgJUMft ;^ei»o'f has Slaverynothingto doIt will be seen byTHXATBS—Sn STOora to CoHQUxit—per,The Woman's Xjbbaby.party, with all the triumph and enthusiasm of French and German have been organized in con- one letter of a large iramber has brestked trntaa ta^-<MiBKAsn>Bl^^UCt T&EITBE—Sr4U>iBa k Koeiu' Ciaocs.—Amo Cpu>«»»—BOBi Kuita.and 103®104 for Bankers. The Domestic Ex-boilers are a failure. Mr. John Pkhn, aadvices of reliable cUkncter bom Ts^a flag wQl be agata islsnil there, and that Texas will organise a r m*proved of Outside movement in thetiirection expansion.of Banks there was no pressure of mereantile pa-^Vother Railways in proportion. Exchange on Eng- despoiled of their property, by authority ofpressure than^rst-claascent,forsm- been forced at iliaii #: cent. The extreme advance in the Stock jHwiiirr thiatrk—Tmt wo»*m TM whim- market vvas not maintained at the close ; New- cent., andvicinity. questionhand,—the notice in another column that classes indiagiais. Tfcsfbut a fair business done at 12 gie names which had previouslyWhy is not steel employed?We shall now be referred by the old folks'York Central 78^, after selling at 79Jnection with the Woman's and that Library,changes quite Philadelphialeading English engineerand steam engineunsettled and South.by|jIron,attheit is asserted English manufacturers are doing the same.by the sectional excitement and increasewas fatol, and so the trialupthe suspensions at in their own defence.It is stated that the President has sent or-have been filled withthere is still room for a ifvi more pupils in each Privatebranch. The opportunity thus offered to women State that the Lone Star engaged in teaching, or others, is one which oughtnot to pass unimproved.On the otherbut Involve bit AdBilaisirstkiB lapromise to let him dose np his term wltboat oases^ sary trouble, provided be does nottaitaitaa. Oi^likelyThe other indiclments had been even more carelessly drawn, neither properly alleging an offence un-restoring peace,fie isrep-from vaiionsmsa tathe CottoBthe currentasatttbytually taking the lives of Pro-Slavery men inhisthat thewith the movement,have been driven from their homes and— butthatthepeoplewhocommittedform it with more humanity than Gen. Hak- NET. He ought also to have clothed somereportswaginginglOBgerspeeoiatiSBduty likely per-be advised to keep quiet about steel forever- more.it reminds us of another ofnivad mt this port yesterday. She brings over a A resolution was offered in the Georgia Legislature believe he would have found that Slavery has tried superheating steam after a fashion cardinals, three archbishops and four bishops, which, vance.h«T» been anticipated by the Overland Eipres?.I«tw news ia received from the Isthmas and Southaction being contingent on Georgia remaining in the Union.Fknn ignored the recent practice, and thoughtSanaiaa is much regretted by Hr. Bitchaxak, ss U jaqpaidtasafciNew Compromises.AuocsTA, Friday, Nov. 23.facts of thethe causes of the disaffec-agraphwecoiuWering that this commodity Is becoming scarce ontkeotherside.Isextremelyliberal. ThecastIn-whoI Amefica. The long-threatened diplomatic rupture Here Isi something tangible.1drmandtDK the repeal,Northern States, oflaws ob-— which other people had found abortive in ^M Ut inst. Her California advices, however, actmeat of Congress for removing obstructions by but that the people have been goaded to vio- the long run, though it did well at first. Mr.millfamIntreasureandtheSanFranciscomailsof structingtherenoltionofFugitiveSlaves alsoanen- ;whatevertodowiththesesalt, aflaraniilaKbyseveral other States will follow here, during the prosent week.Territories In the introduction of all property:suchcludes, In additionSnaiU!,ap-The of tlie Sonth CsroUna resignationFrom the Albany Eveninf Journal.case,;promises us,perceive,in addition to avarietynothinglent measures by the injustice of the Execu-troubles,;bodyelse.different bias the statements of the witnessmight have received from a cross-examination,it is impossible to tell ; for, before the trialhad proceeded further, the counsel seemed toItwhich negotiations can be inaugurated. South Caroliaa may have occurred in Kansas, is likely to be praises echoed far and wide. But his super- alto to-night at the Academy of Music at Philadelphia.between Peru and the United States has at lengthoceoned, and tb. Ci^t, our Minister, has received goes ahead wlthoift " rhyme or reason." There, it isfollowed more. Gen. Habnxy is his panpoits. He was to leave Gallao on the 12th not disunion for cause, but disunion per se. bytroupe opensuggeststhings The Muzlo returned from the Havana.to in a few days, and which are designed to 1the fiiture operations of the Oovemmeat, ahoald It continue.sympathyin, most unhappy period of itsthe guilty parties to punishment.Every one here is now looUag with deep tatsnst taquitecer- heating apparatus burnt out after a littleThe theatres offer strong attraction this week, andtet. for New-York, via Panama. We have Assuming the possibility of coming together in a tain, if he has received the orders alleged to while, whereupon superheating was pro- open their Winter campaign with unusual vigor. At the A gentleman of dlstinctloa frem Florida, wb* ar-Globe, lake steamers, within a few in- days,stantlykillirg18persons,inadditiontothesixlose that for investigation which hisver and Calais.but theabove the troubled waters in which he has tumbled luUon take place.priceoffirst-classiroij.aace to peaceable separation, as it woqU dsae fMb -has constructed a " crack " recentlyto astonish the world aby magnificent novelty.tive Department of the Government.a basis on As now stand, whatever of violence He did astonish the London Times, and his over the orchestra—Max Mae£tz» not having yet some schemes on foot which may be farther" as steel now is. Whiter Garden Mr. Eswm Booth appears In the char-dispute,and peaant to-day the Peruvian version, which ap- perfect union among the States," we are not without inhabitants of the offending section, and to Singularly enough, however, the, recent prac- first appearance in New-York. It is true that some free negro sailors by parties in that State has smmaApimavian yinister of Foreign ASairs to the DiplomaticCom OB the eceaak>n of the suspension of diplo-na^e^htfeicoaiee between the two countries. ThenMCTl oeWB from Peru and Chili is unimportant. should be enacted which arms the Federal authorities the sufferings of despoiled families, or of home- heating with great success. Mr. Wbtribxd'splayedsame Theatre when in its old form, and imder thedownder the hoofs of his eavaby. He is not a manfor a few la this nightstrampleto manhood and honor—one to feel the tkistest throb oflike disaffection un- titioners, whose precedents were not exhumed three since he yearsliolhia we laam that the brief tranquillitynMd^ the BspnbUc has lately enjoved is againdistoibed by attempted revolution, and that a,more rtscuei by violence, from officers who have them in ever is done will be done in the most relentless British ships.Aiiuaa mmger to the actual Grovemment charge,liable/orthevalueoftheslavesso rescued. andremorseless manner. It isveryeasy to ThispreparesusforMr.Pink's experience stances,astofairlywarrantasinnotconsideringitan gardedas theIbrtstepnecessaryto arrestthetinrii< eijatain a threatened invasion by Peru. Fresh And In regard to the other vexed question, viz.: the foresee the effect such a treatment of the case with steel boilers. We are personally familiar engagement by which Mr. Booth should be judged. ened revolution and dismptioB. <^I.' Pt—frith all needful power for its execution, togttksrless and starving women and children. What-Americanplanislargely adopted 'on newNorthern manifestations, sad a repeal of sll iilsaiimfild haa been added to the revolution- of into the Territories with light goingnot That securedStill, with all these disadvantages, Mr. Booth reapedwill produce upon the people of the North and with the fact that steel fire-boxes have been then a golden crop of renown, and wore the blossom FROM TmCINIA.>in in Kew-Granada, and all hopes restore theslavas, wAyvitk a provision makisig Counties where Fugitives areMissouri Compromise line ?af. peace seem to have been qnenched to the South all Territory adapted, by soil and cli- West, and especially upon the great mass of used for four years and upwards, on ; various of that rare genius, as an artist, assigned to blm with TBI OFUIOS OT A CIOBOIA CLXBOTXAX—SMV-foe the present. The usual number of skirmishesaianported, and the BeVolutionists, of coarse,cMoi |e have been successful; but the truth istiat Mithra patty is strong enough ta overcome its tinguished and influential quarter, and de- has marked the conduct of the Administration copper, being superior in every particular. stray and sparkling beads of various hues and forms, A well-lmown gentleman, a lestdeat of Aognsia,mate, Theseinstitution."the Bepublican Party. They will see in it only a continuance of the cruel heartlessness whichto its ."SlOa n IHB FVLPR.liissKEENE produces also to-night a string of RicHKom, Ta., Soaday, Kov.lkpeculiar suggestions— stance and that— muchhis friends.from therecords of the steamengine,with have continued to practice the art of super- direction perhaps,h*"»—M'is made. He also telle • minority side, but if the people will giva of new compromises and the readiness with ascribe it to the land question, and the only steel can be used in the first case, it certainly addition to an entertainment of great attraction, will him their ears, he would sooa be oa tba that will at the can in the second. Unequal expansion never be afforded an opportunity of paying a congratulatory majority. He is a personal friend of Mr. SrsPHSas*of E. 8to„*CoSStlS^)^t^t"S'ttsf^^ covery of a bridge forty miles in lengtii, reach-public, at the CApar lasUtnte, whleh was on ao- poetponedta^store..at^t^el^'oL^J^^'fby ing from theour wonderfulneighbor,this dis-flie slightestaonly by Southern journals, but by Northern op- ponents of the Bepublican Party.—Tbb Eebald's Poms Asinobuii. Our vera-theythan theand ofplaced yesterdayspecialless— for service,—and pertest of our soubretua.soon as be seenany body ofharbor-masters, appointeesofscrn-The secessioB feellag seems to pervadeyetcompromise—So writes a everyin the van of all itsa desirable purposes at all eventsthe Herald's" forhowisa sensa-usual causeofexplosions, and that electricity,streets, the mUltary and Soattism Gnard paradedin 0UBliARBoB.-The Southern Confederacy. Ifessrs. Yajkst and Rnvwho has BOW the ebaxge ot thefart at Tortugas, Florida, havingto be made profit—able if it isto do with itTnsbor, attracted considerable*'MzNS, of the EngineerinThatheard that the Dlsoaiaaists in tliat region contemplatedtionto shielden-sraid uponCapt.Corps,nipped every other dog, andtheHeraldis en-except censure.cheap—must have his dayof the on that eoast for protactlon, and that titled to some sort of recognition for the^l*"^*"""-his ahlps«f-warmits destruction,"'to those offlcers. Suck imprudence is caleuUtei to e»-—for taking illegal fees, excited no little com- ,i„i.fn» Dublic. The reportthe watsfsml •• tk* fort, mjrt of shell should be opened upon a* trUgtfartheandbridge Umdingfromwhich wentwhi?h «^ unmtcnUonaUy assisted to disseminate, thatthe South, and prtcipilate a collision bttwteu theStaUandFederalGovernments."as hare been the wonderfhl discover-asperateon behalf of the business men of the for thespeak investigation,"'»«"'""'it disMtrooa to buaiaeas,tof Ilozlte to the IslandUny.to the surveillanceand the raid of Montooheby as only a repetitionsituation for boilerspacestempt to find a practicable route for a railroad decided opinion. It must be confessed that the of the raid of John Bbown. Due care will be tense than in marine boilers, and the plates, and " Rural Felicity." Mr. Waicot has recently re- me that Hon. Alsxanbxb H. SrarHsn isas the oldtoto warrant aaeroaa the Isthmus, between Chiriqui and the Gulf experience of 1850 and 1864, the enactment taken to discredit statement that shall therefore, get hotter and expand more. If covered from severe lilness, and his many friends. InantnMt, as American mterests, here and else- whrae, are entirely without protection. The at-gardedhostilitySlavery,plate ;not sufficient evidence asarenarrow,less sometheandaclergymanofhighstandinghere. Hepreached a sermon this evening, taking for Ills text, " Elder into your closet and pray to your Father in sccreL"—fom daya later, passed Cape Race on Saturday pudiated, has rendered the very word "com- South will make it a second edition of the causes parts well-designed passed many evenings of delight. 'Playing withodious to the mass of the Re- greatAgain, copper answers well enough, even in fire-boxes ; inpromisef'publican Party throughout the Free States.affair at Harper's Ferry.If Mr. BncHASAN desires to promote the ad-LACK has on his easel a new piece not yet christenedfact, it was exclusively used in English loco- here, but which has been already played in Boston During the sermon he said it was the duty of everyof difficulties and justment pendingwith much success, and is founded on iladame Ds good citizen to pray for the peace and harmony of tbe '•preserveand Ptenph forces were marching on Peking, fol- giving their assent to such a project as that the peace of the country, he will find use for motives. Nobody finds fault with the expan- GxaAKnis's Tartuffe," one of Rachel's most wonder- and that we live as heretofore Inlowed l>y the Ambassadors. Another report said which the Evening Journal has suggested. all his prudence and wisdom in the treatment sion of copper, and no one will pretend to say ful personations. It will introduce to the public a country, might unity.that a treaty had been negotj»ted*at Peking, but it obtafaed no credence. The Bank of England, inWhatever may be the feeling just now, of this He will make a fatal mis- that it does not expand very much more than new and native claimant for its favor in the person of He took occasion to say also that the North was &ahowever, we have very littleof qieeie by the Bank, of France, had advanced necessity for a compromise of some sort, ifquestion.take if he regards it as purely a military mat-steel with the heat of the fire.Miss HssMQCis, a daughter of one of our most popu-lar New-York mcrchiuits.aggressor, and If the Personal Liberty bills were not repealed, he apprehended a dissolution of this bdorsd Union. Theclergymanis anativeoftheNorth,aa2consaqnenceof the withdrawal of a amount largedoubt that theand hands it over to the its late 0f discount Consols were quoted at 93^ peaceful relations are to be preserved, will, Gen. Habney.summarylogicofFinally, steel expands about the same as " Lear " and " Othello " and Mr.FORBESTgives<S7S^fm money. ere long, become more clearly apparent. We The steamer Brenrn left this port for South-iron if not less than iron, and we predict that " Hamlet " Bgam this week. The latter will give an was educated there.FROM SOUTH CAROLINA.AFTAIBS 15 CHABLXSTOS—ItlUTABT ICA»-TXB8, ETC.CuABLiBTOH, Friday, KoV. it.ter,Mr. Finn's boiler will go to pieces equally fast The Herald and thi Panic Tbibcti to when rebuilt in iron. Such authorities asopportunity of comparing the intellectual and physical schools as exemplified in Mr. Booth and Mr. Fokesst.—gers and $4,273 in specie. The Kangaroo, for by evidence of the most trustworthy charac- Worth.—The Herald misunderstands us. We Lavoisier and Laplack tell us, from actual Eabnch has, of course, found a new wonder for HONZTampton and Bremen on Saturifay, with 97 passen- cannot resist the conviction, forced upon uscarried out 15 ^ passengers.tliis wecrk, a Miss Doba Davcson, UsM man and half wom;m, with a deep and poweriul tenor and sweetLiverpocH,The steamship Tennessee, at New-Orleans fromter, that disunion is the settled purpose of had no thought of disparaging i^ influence or experiment, that the coefficient of the expan-South CarolinaVera Cmz, brings Mexican intelligence to the 21stGvadalaiara are fnlly confirmed. A bold act of it the moment slie shall take a decisivestep, disposed,whilethatofironisthat two or three other SlaveWeofitssionofsoftsteelisbooks inform us that the relativevoice. Fortlieinst. The latest reports relative to the capture ot States stand ready to second and support her in moreover, the becoming modesty which 1-819, and that of copper 1-584. And the text will divide with the Aztec Ciiildren tlic public aston- was arrived at on the questioB of su^iensions.;feelings.and delicate sopranoishment and delight.The New Bower>- and theAfter a consultation, to-day, no definite coneloxiaahurting— it to disclaim so muchpromptsif to create businesshavingpower private^m Georgia sayH. Stiphbns expresses the opinion that Georgia willacknowledge,1-927,momentsheuadbeenwin probablT have the effect of precipitating adifficulty witn the British Government. The Brit- not determined, to join in resisting any at- character and credit, as some of its neighbors, their compressibility. Zinc, for instance, be- established success. lIooLrr i C.*ui aciL's are undoubtedly follow SouQi Carolina in secession. He irii Legation had been forcibly robbed of a million tempt on the part of the General Government moved thereto doubtless by jealousy, are in- ing among the most compressible of metals, is crowded as usual. steadfastly opposes such a coarse.doQais belonging to British bondholders, and the to coerce them into submission. We believegreatest excitement existed in consequence. TlieLiberals were againrobberyCapital. atFortKear- ney yesterday afternoon, we are put in possession ot Cidifomia advices to the 14'.h inst. The returns ofBythearrivalofthentmoment and ;fewA man who creates a temporary panic in the Fire Department, andfirom Presidmt, it is stated, isHilUaitT CommitteewillreporttotheLegialstoresbill*f-perpetratedand thatall the rest areand to ruinof solidsby heat>sintoconcentratingon thethis to be the actual state of the case at thesclf-dppreciationare sometimes met with in served. The relation of steel to iron andcop-lyn, this evening, and nut at the Tabernacle, as has been wrongfully annoimced.is daily gaining ground.Itgrows strongersadatthe which Capital,Old rest ontheirPony Expressexceptinawalks of other life.be at once determined.We suspect that Mr. PrN.v made a very badthe Presidential BUection were not yet complete, tive movement of any vigor or vitality. As tobut enough had keen received, it was thought, to the Gulf States, if there is any Union feeling pat the success of the Republicans beyond a doubt. in any of them, it has not yet taken any or-Oreioo, too, according to the latest advices, wasbettrrei to have gone the same way. ganized form.Om aw^Mxi adopted to induce the present Ad- The danger is that any plan of compromise iiilnUtVltfwi to take no steps against the secession that can be suggested comes too soon for the mo«ian«pit,iii the Sooth is indicated in our specialThe money pressure continues unabated to^iay. eral alarm, by the mere use of alucifer match, be made which will go to pieces in half an Drss, and a tolerably strong Company. Her engage- The South Carolina Railroad discharged one hna-prcsfveryper then, maystrongerInGeorgia.Cbablbstox, Saturday, Nov. 24.nearlypanics,nearlyproportionThe New has become an Bowerylocalities at the South, wo see no conserva-Miss CrsuMAN opens at the Boston Theatre to-night. She will be supported by Mr. Couldool, sets all the fire-bells in the City ringing a gen- boiler. Experts will tell us that a boiler can Mr. 11. PiABSon, Mr. and -Mrs. J. CuiiiBi, .Mr. J.this The North, and by-and-bye will come too late for morning.Hamlet andNancy Sykes.extraordinarysuc-It Is mmored, on that the good authority,dispatchletteia from leading men in the Cotton States, line ought to be satisfactory to moderate, con-Washingtonmthereceiptofnumerous theSouth. TherestorationoftheMissouriDr.Burdeu,,andthrewthewhole hot,andexpandandcontractwiththealter-community into an excitement which the nate rising and going down of the steam, and these parts' during the last engagement. It proprlatlng four hundred thousand dollars for the por-tliat secession is no alonger specula-—DOresistancetoapeaceableseparation,asit viewoftheopinionsoftheSupremeCourtandhasmodestlyputasideallpublicrecognitionreferencetophilosophers'experimentsorrepraaentingtion bat a certainty, and urging hlin to offer servative men of both sections, though,; also,abillempoweringtheGor-wffl only involve his Administration in dis- the claims of the it would begiace. Providedhedoesnotinterfere,theypromise South, necessary to MUp faishhis torn without trouble. In other to embody it in an amendment of the Consti- wM^SiafMpoaad that for tb|^ sake of peace and tution. Neither section would probably runof his and claimed neither the theories, however, we to the and she realized within a few hundred of (10,000, making coercion is attempted. \greatness, point long her income. If measured In the same proportion, CoiCKBiA, Sunday, Nov.a>honors nor the rewards which the public would successful use of steel for locomotive fire- more than double that of the President of the United Tancit and others spoke here last pight.eataatto^ieofdisunionmayyetbeavoided.HoS LeSTenworth, Kansas, we have tele- lHljhlJ a nlhar more moderate view of the proba-It remains to be seen whether there is any dog there or not The Herald, moreover, is abortive, after you have tried it on a secondHr.JoBDAH$100. Lastseason,too,Mrs.JoehWoodand Mr. JBi'nasos receive] each (ISO a week DISrMON DItfONSTBATIOHS AT COUmSIplan suggested bythe Tihss,though —itanybody cry usingdog at the top of his voice for a little while some years, although there are very inferior Messrs. Ccktay and FisebS t70 and (60 respectively the mountains would be ready to march lo the psia-indiase of ordnanceMhs CcsHMAN has ever played. In the eight weeks emor to call out the State troops immediately in eaaaseldom obtrudes his " power " and " influence " hour from the effects of excessiveupon public notice. The man who tiirows a By depriving a boiler of ample water-spaces,meul does not extend for the pre.«ciit beyond a fort- <'red hands.—in retirement and even that great artist who delivered by the fire, the plates will get red-Thecess of her Meg ilerrUies rendered it Im-shall have all the stimulus andagement they need to thrive npon, and that same weight for a given thickness. There-der, with such Increasing salary of artists, and dimi-everythingpriety budget takingeendiaiyto declining printwithout "j»a«es" Isthat tends tothem orto com- fore,for agreatestwhich itWe are more than ever satisfied of the pro-—The — a indictmenters she desired to donon her best uttermost advantage,steady determination that it has itthreeMobqan, beforeshewasplacedmider byatheof communicatioiis which reach us tacks, in theandifferent viewof the sub-Executiveappointmentas administered by chair.adoptedSaturday. to electThursday. A moUon was made to elect theSUMday,Whichwaslost.do so withoutdisapproved of ita course,—especially if they therefore, expe6ted,encoiir-strongeriron,cost andpractically theweight of boiler, days of managers have gone by, and thatthe waterand the combustion is more in-AtWallack's,dispatchedHerald's finest efforts have seldom equaled, will very soon buckle and crack. Without was on the whole perhaps^tbe most successfulgladly pay. boxes, for boiler-tubes of aH sorts, and for States. Mr. Foeebst gets even a shade still better qolalMiahamAaHawtheDisunionistatohave theriskofmakingitdependentuponanact TheHerald'sdisclaimersarequiteasnatu- entireboilers,bothlocomotiveandstationary, terms,andevenmanystockactorsreceiveasteady AuocaTA,Ga.,Saturday,Nov.M.iwiiijlMmfiielrowBway. WhetherKr.Bdcbah-yearly Income higher than that of our Secretaries of Mr. KmiNGXB, in a speech recently at Green- ral, though perhaps a trifle less sincere. It and we ask Mr. Penh to reconcile his single State. Mr. Bkocgham received last season at Wal- ville, S. C, advised secession, but said It was hnpos- probably understands that, after aD, it does experiment with the quite different general lack's (17S a week, besides benefits and al- Eible for South Carolina to secede without a warA3\ Witt tiBttiiB ta teir medest proposition, in the of Congress.ftee of Us recant dedaiations, remams to be seen. The amendment proposed by the EveningTBa Secessionists aie rery active, and are holding Journal of the Fugitive Slave law ought tomeetiDgs almost contranally, at which speechescalcnlsied to ezdte the people are made. Not- satisfy the whole South. It goes far beyondnot require a great deal of genius to damage practice.personal character or to destroy business What next, Mr. Pekn ?lowance for his pieces; Mr. Lb stbb ;Waua» re-He therefore arged"CocLiocs and Diori received $70 and $*0, and onlybe attacked water. byallayfort the souls of their victims, shall be com- steel is a third safer, since it is generally ad- scene-paUiters, and carpenters have"SPAUISB Fbigak arrival of the Spanish frigateshows to seeshort time since, ofGov.clearauttiority. If our business men tire satisfaction in this respecttitlehdDeocumentandallother forceshaveno- mysterious^^^Bermguela, mourhar-Thewith considerable inter-oennt of the storm on Friday jroold est,thed«velopmeBtofthecase,andhoUit* tkilfVWlai,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069eveoiog,wQl be deliveredexpansibilityLettersreceivedthatAuoAsaia'having failed, she wiUaet risk attaching Iterself to the second. Ber inpis—British lines—the Scottish Central, for in- such lavish admiration at Boston, and by so many ofcome from a, and so the resotirces of the country are serve the attention which they cannot fail to towards Kansas from the very commencement Steel has been used in this country for similar entitled " The Seven Sisters." The piece can hardly Ga., directly from that tnfcnms me that the dto-arethanMr.Finn'smarine bemoredisconnectedthantheadvertisementswhich aOafthagenajournal,thatthecargoofanAmen- NorthandWestissufficientlyconvincedthat hintsofcompromisewiththosewhoarere- steelboilershavebeen,andwithsuchsuccess announceit,poorlittleverbsandsubstantivesbeing butiftheNorthwillmakeconcessions,exhausted this ruinous and bydty,nnion sentiment is rife there, and no mistake aboat VL,jnally.1 eiiU war. There is a report, indorsed by receive. If the public mind throughoat the of her history, and will turn a deaf ear to all purposes,longercan ^nasel at Santa Martha had been seized by thethrown upon the world without the smallest proviilonGeorgia amfthereofbetoinverydis-theyrapidly supplantingisthat an Am'^rican citizen, formerly United States assent to ant/ scheme of compromise, the At the South, on the other hand, this sym- its favor as compared with iron or copper. affluence which distinguishes the style of the fair thorough-going Fire-eater, but if the North -wSIisdisunion, tothat theNow a locomotive fire-box is the most tryingclined to ascribe to it. Instances of such the most of all solids hitherto ob- The HUTCHINSO-SS sing at the Athcrutum, Brook- Senator Toohbs writes that the secession moreaeat expansibleexpansion.At its close sheto .Messrs. Wiir.»TLrT andThe banks are sustaining each other, and will aot Ward into commotion by committing a murder and provision for rapid circulation of water, Miss CcBBMAN retrirns to the Winter Garden, and suspend till the talegraph announces that the Vtm^in it, is quite apt to hide his great faculties so that the heat may be taken up as fast as will appear, as promised, in the characters of York banks have nispended.der theleading that seoessiaB Is BOdefendantsdischarged.We have been ceives tin a v»eek;Mr. Buxi $I1J, and W. Walcotwith the General GovernmentHe said South OaroUnacooMcredit, and that who will " mad surface condensers with success for 100. At the Winter Garden and Niblo's, Messrs. thorough preparaUons. He trusted the cltizeas iawitastaDding all their efforts, however, the feeling thefor the Cnion will crop out, and finds most fjre-jpent npression in the declaration, that if the grows out of the same general idea, that,Saith will show Jier desire for conciliation by the namely, of reimbursing the owner the value of in a crowded street—, will create a panic of the ones known. Perhaps you will favor us with a week. At Miss Kbz:is's this season there are no tectioc of Charleston.but at the of the last shelapeal of her Personal Liberty bills, the dreaded bis fugitive instead of having him returned. most decided sort, whether there is any mad the information that surface condensation is high salaries, opening paid FROM GEORGIA.where the of two hundred suoer- perfumeUtah and New-Hexleo.Seaatois sadOn the whole, this is a very amusing par- retains somewhat of their fragrance. Mr. Ullxax seniativ^B was aot altogether nacxpeeted ban,fumedeveryoneoutofthehouse. Even!!till thevaseto Fabbki andpeared In this opera at the Winter Garden, Fobkis and AnifA Biseop. The same leader, ANScmrrz, reignsslock attractions.goesCiAiiKi, of Philadelpliia. On the llth of Fetniarynight.possible to give time for her appearance' indaysever seen incbants closad their stores sad joined in the proesanow-a-never realize the same sums as of old. The of actors,nution in the price of admistion,that managerstiments, and the writer begged that some steps shoaU greatalacrity, be-takenatoncetoarresttheteadeneyoftfatafS.thechequered existence, and the management wasloosely conducted by Mr. Jas&ett, and the engage-ment surrounded by so many unfavorable circum- ious legislation is eagerly astidpated. This is !»-preciselyq>oke in thepie. JoH>with Senator Ivbbkob and Mr. Caaimss.Nine-tenths of the people—men, women and cUM- ren—wear the disoniOD cockade.last alght. on the system of unfounded. Capt. RoDBievsx and his officers wHl be Senator Tookbs, Judge ScsAsm and Dr. Mniia•lad to receive jindevery respectable citi-In favor of se-wereso.It is believed that the tt R^resentativeaMlsslsslppt^ of letters from Senator Davis to President BsoaABSibWestatnGeorgia. AUAem0t- at don. Flags and banners were suspended on <hato a crowd of five tboosaad pea-all class AuoesiA, 6a., Sunday, Nov. www.fultonhistory.com;e;;<<~ •*-'»i.K£^<dv« 