 ©whythey fidenoe and ttthat*warit repWwifc *r District, * fit, W ve themat- >re them by iia peculiarOQ, aad that ncing their rpoee deing burse,ly made np, Qy,lawfully fete UnitedARKXVAI/OFTHEANCHCOSAXONiTOTOTW-YORKDELBGJLTldNS. Botn Sets Frobaoly Admitted.a i d rproposed dr. Dixonbut has orm. H e half-way Dougiaa ,andwasral Ticket ity Thoa- deem itio Bell iage ia his ltsetserob- tfc t aban-rauch has > sbeingso ipouddtiflirifch. other , pared to fCounc3- refortheo a t s , a n d 2 5o fw h e a t ,t ot h ea c r e .B u tD i x o njjr will be eernedin dtonew admiringeforotfe© Ws:Tuesday,»se was wity the nned to 3thinks, 5,000 is tlulythat e s t o f 18C0. T o h a v e b e e n t h e l e a d e r o f t h e h o s t s o f freedom in "mat battle fills the measure of my ambi- tion. AgainIreturnmythankstotheRepublicansof thisdistrict,andcancongratulatethemupontheirs u b j e c t o f a U n i o n . E l e c t o r a l T i c k e t w a s b r o u g h t u p before the State Committee, and a unanimous senti-. ment was expressed in favor of any honorable arrange- mentthatcouldbemadetounitetheOpposition against the Republicans; but a practical difficultyo f P a r a g u a y , h a s b e e n p r o v e d a n d a d m i t t e d b e f o r e t h eCommission.. But the American Commissioner hasseenfittooverlookallthisandtoaccedetotheposi- whohavegotUeircropinmarketthresheditwith*»NNJEW-ORLEANS, Tuesday, Aug. 14,1860.; ThelargestportionofthepariahofPlaquemineiasto pay,!fe*:**M*1'*^**°°*^ Brck' own^poekets. •:M:.-.large, bnt the wheat' crop is hot quite eo good ae it at harvest,thefarmerhatarallylookstoseeWhatprices inthenorthpartoftheState.'-aFrom Wasfcinjrton.* a»itja1 JMapetcfc to The JN. Y. Tribtmo.• -—-i'••»"; ' i.FATHKRPO«?T, Tuesday, Aug.14,1860. The Steamship Anglo Saxon, from Liverpool on the 2d,£via Londonderry on the 3d inet., passed this pointsketoh^of j &e ^ sections of An inf elligent correspondent a t Othkosh writes a t fol- "this country, and latterly have openedeach week with ''l o w f : ., ;•', 'most suhBme imp***** ^ r ^ o g ^ *° ^ ^ TWO DAYS LATER FROM EUROPE. TIj|i SOFT STiTE CONTENTION. their30,000and*notacentmore. IfthereismoreTHZ CROPS.• -u n.:r.. After being, satisfied <*a* he will reapanralmndant37HEJLATESTNEW&THE BATTLEOFMELAZZO J*SRSCKnrXDBY; :'.''^?:;„..C;>,. ; '•• ',':'. \..::.'::•.•-,••'.••::- KentuckyElection*hhTpToduce will bring,' and/as. Autmnn appToaohes, • The DvJbvQiie Herald B&yB that in Itbe northernThe general news by the Anglo Saxon is not im thaiTena- portant.I A few prominent Old-Liners arejxho here, like Hunt, Duer, a i d James Brooks, with the ostensi- ble, object of a Bell Ratificahon meeting this even-i* the ex- da, Taxaa, ireaoo^riro* kecessisy far respecting :-d so per- m Mexico; to us neoee- ^tory&ctor idult human Man's i s -st personal ycm for his rand this in trodncedhk nth affirmedany of his » and safer does) that >thave,any?iy wrested, ;out, there- at legal ex-ition to the ns on this re a r e t o b e hat oneto elect a jainst Slave ris "voted—and who dges, Mar- Territory this of itself i* Supremelactational. bvr another Ute House; jrswearing ^ He wifl Ion. I*. M . m. Qnsttle- "' fectly safe.•from Bey- ?<>rest even the history The orn- ate no par- origin may or.dition of ommissera- thejastand ng la humanthe guilty. o have been etui faxtii- " the acts,ave led to the princi- >t-ar it, thependent at b' ic of this of thesean ineffi- -v* cannot j.-i it also tffdringg of \ and they [unless the, a new de- ad caoses. i&softhe ofc believethis fact, since that it will be remembered that »<kne months ago Tht N. Y. Times published a statement, purporting to be based on trustworthy data at the Treasury Department, to the effect that the receipts would exceed by some 'millions, ihe Secretary's estimates. Though Mr. CobbTHE LATEST— Via Londonderry. '.. LONOOK, Thursday, Aug. 2—-p.m.able condition of lees heat and shorter days, as wellas to the sudden drenching showers for which Albion's So'ts. If Hunt and his friends desire it—and spectfully propose the assembling of a State Con- isle is famous. That the crop is in a precarious stated«bts, they would never be paid if I had m y way."A lively running fire of contradictions and replies i t ft? kf pt up between Wisconsin and Michigan editors ia relation to tbe crops of their respective States. Aprominent Michigan paper, recently replying to a lead- •, £djent that his estimates would turn out to be just &hout the thing.MR. COBB'S VISIT T O GEORGIA.Mr. Ccbb'B prolonged yi»it in Georgia can be at-tributed tt> nothing except a sense of danger as to£4,000 in gold was taken from the Bank to-day for called a Conv«ntion, to be held at Jefferson City, the people haven't known as either Whigs or Know- Thursday, the 20th of September, which Convention'-exportation. On the Paris Boarsc to-day there was a Nothings. The Democratic m&nsgers favor hav- will revfge the electoral ticket, and take such furtheracre, which it thinks is better than Wisconsin can do. calities: but now, we learn from The Mark Lane In fact, our cotemporary asserts thatthe result of the election. TAe Agusta Comtitu. popularize the weapon. When the use of the rifle istvmalist, of the date at which Mr. Cobb was to as popular as cricket or boating, there will be no fearthat the United STates troops from forts Kearney andRiley h»d a battle with tbe Kiowas near Kent's foTt,about the 24th of July. They, demanded of the Indi-ans those who \ committed the l*te outrages, and on that in the face of large importations from foreign their refusal to give them up attacked them.- Five*peak there, contains extracts from his Squatterof volunteer regiments falling into decay. Already a• * Poor Kansas, in all this tune of prosperity and cheer- iSovereignty speeches in New-Hampshire, and also beginning has been made. A meeting of the Berk- an 1856; also, a letter of Mr. Cobb refusing a shire.Volunteers for rifle prizes, for schooling, com-Kiowfcs were h^led and thirteen,taken pri<!oners7 The latter were left af the fort, and the troops proceeded down the Arkansas, but Bent, fearing an attack, sent a me88enger, an old Frenchman; several years in his employ, to recall the troops. The Indians attacked and scalped this messenger, leaving him for dead, but he managed to return to the fort; and will probably recov-countries,.high prices have been maintained, and, n 0 doubt, will rule until the end of the season. In regard to the potato crop, w e find very conflicting account J. but it seems pretty well settled that nothing short of'forcing weather will bring the crop to maturity, and produce a good keeping root for winter use.'Connecticut clerk in his department leas© of ab-bined with other sports, will take place in Windsoraenee from his desk to further the interests of the Park on the 30th of September. Every county in En- gland should follow the example.SYRACUSE, Tueeday, Aug. 14,1860. The attendance st the Douglas Democratic State Conventionpromises,frompresentapearances,tobeCobbmaypleadtothisthatweareinthemidst shamfight,gotuptoreeemblearealone.TheToryThe Arapahoes and Cbeyenhes, who were lately in Denver, are now encamped around the fort, and prom- ise to pro+ect Bent from the Kiowas. *Some of the late parties that went over the snowyrange in search of gold have returned successful. AOppo itibn does not want to kill the Whig Cabinet, .and the Whig Cabinet does not intend to be killed. The case is one on which every member may vote ac- coiding to his conscience, without the least regard to what may befall either the Ministry or the Parliament. If the Ministry should really be beaten, it will very soon befound outthat a question may be worth fight- Kentuckydisasterisprettygenerally conceded'as ingfor,andyetnotimportantenoughtoresignupon. a type of what is to come at tae South. I hear • The London Star reminds the supporters of Free-reliably that Mr. Breckinridge, before leaving this trade principles that the maintenance of the present city, said there was no doubt abont Kentucky. duty-on foreign paper will be simply the maintenaucaof revolution, bloodless as. yet, ,etc.THE KENTUCKY ELECTION.Collector Scheil, who isregaried here as the cojmmander of the Northern division of the Admin- istration army, arrived in this city to-day. H e will n)t be much inspired at this peri »d, for theThe main excitement thus far turns upon the old parry starts to-day for the western part of Dakota,of protection for the English paper-maker. .The London Chronicle Bays it is notorious that the Conservatives are not prepared to take office. Their onlyprospectatpresentistodeprivetheministryof A di»patch from the White Salphar Springs Mr-Gladstone'seervic<?s. Weareto breakfaith withtail le*d, $3iK) -worth was taken from 22 bushels of dirt. Money is quite scarce, in the mines and elsewhere. Business in Denver is extremely dull. ^ ;— ; — , — • • •— •The Prince of Wales in Canada.MOJN'TREAI., Tuesday, Aug. 14,1860. The Piince of Wales arrived at Gaspe on Sunday afternoon. HewasmettherebytheGovernor-Gen- eral and the Canadian Cabinet. He remained overnight, and proceeded westward the next day.FUSION IN PENNS YL VAN!A. v They mean to have Fusion by-and-by in the Key-stone;butasyettheyhaveonlygotsonearitas confusion. .TheDouglasClubof Reading meton Saturday evening last, and came to the following'.* conclusion, whereby nothing is concluded:"Whereas, Tbe S'ate Centrpl Committee h w e reconsidered thMr action of th<»2d of Jnly, and presented another somewhat different reconuntndation to the Democratic party of Pennsyl- vania, vie tbipk it proper for all Democrats to losenotimoin expr*-Bf>ina their opinions of (rfrid recommendntion; therefore,ing some improvement as reHpecte the temperatureand le<« rain The markets geceral'v have been bat indifferently supplied with wheat of. home growth, although there has been ail improvement in prices of fully 6 cents per bushel. Accounts from the Continent vary. Prices in Prance have been sustained, notwithstanding the appearance of new tamples. Bordeaux has been offering at 38f M)o..per,lj-hectolitres (equalto about $1 83per bushel). The weight and quality from Langnedoc is said to excel that of last season. On the othe&hasd, Northern Italy yields le«« than was expected, which Has given tone to all the markets of the interior. Inthenearcountries,aswellastheBaltio,thereisverylltte change in pnbspect* or prices, but Odessa notes a decline in wheat of fully 3 cents per busneL"An intelligent correspondent writing from Hall to the same paper, estimates the amount of wheat which England will need until harvest a t 12,000,000 bushels. Accordh g to this writer, the yearly consumption of theUnitedKingdomisabout128,000,000bushels,andthe wloleamountinhandatthepresenttimeisnotabove 12,000.000 or 13.000,000 bushels; so that there would be needed the above quantity from foreign countries to supply the natural demands of July and August. He regards it as morally certain that high prices will reign until and through harvest, and that the probability of imponing the grain which is needed is not very great. For ourselves, we do not advise Western farmers!to sow extra large areas of wheat for a European market, for experience has taught us that it is but an uncertain staff to lean upon. Wheat is the great staple of Eu- rope, corn our own, and what with onr high prices of labor, the cost of transporting grain to the seaboard, and the often sudden fluctuations of prices abroad, other crops will generally pay us better than wheat. The consumption of wheat in the United States does not keep pace with the increase of our population, as may be seen by reference to the following statistical table, which we cut from The Press and Tribune of Chicago:But what he especially wanted was an overwhelm- ing majority.DEATHOFMR.BANNON.states that A. J . O. Bannoo, Fourth Auditor of the Treasury, died there yesierday from the effect of a paralytic stroke. : *•France, that Mr. Disraeli may have revenge on a suc- cessful oppment. :•; 'The London Herald referring to the majorities on the Fortification vote, last riuht, says that, for the first Mis.Holt,wifeofthePostmaster-General,is timethepresentsession,theGovernmenthasfucceeded incarrying a measurewhichcommandstheassentofm\\SERIOUS ILLNESS OF MRS. HOLT. .reportedtobeatthepointofdeath.all the reasonable a e n in the country. .The London Herald states that arrangements haveTHE STEAMERNARRAGANSETT.The Navy Department is in the receipt of advices been made for preventing confusion by the announce-from t h e steam frigate Narragansett, which left Bio on the 2d of June, and arrived at St. Catha- rine's on the 5th, steaming aD ffce way efficiently. She was to leave St. Catharine's on the 15th of June for Yalparais*.:/pK>secutio& of the Washiogton Aqueduct Works, isstill a source of trouble with the Administration. Hedeclined to obey the order of the Secretary of War, andappealed to the President, who laid his letter beforethe Attorney-General whose opinion fully sustains the evacuation of Sicily from motives of humanity. the W ar Department. Meigs protested against this-mences by saying: " l a m well a ware that in the re-cent contest the support which I received at your hands•m.Vo the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.He claims that the reeuk of the late election fixes St.XouiB as the banner city of Republicanism, and clinchesthe charge of fraud and corruption made against thePro-Slavery Democracy in 1858. He calls attention toredeemed. When t h e news came that, a company of vative elements a~gaihst Lincoln. The • Commitiee of American merchants had been expelled from Paraguay,-triumph.sas in yesterday's Washington"dispatch, is helieved to no opening was presented for such, action ledged thewroi'g iniicted upon the American Com- tots," of .the South Penn HoweCompany, Wentout»Abe greatly exaggerated. Although the drouth has been very severe In portions of the Territory, yet it is be- lievedthatallsectionshavefairprospectsforsufficient food for home consumption.• — <g>Tne Reported Central Railroad In- junction.ALBANY, Tuesday, Aug. 14,1860. Attorney General Myers returned to the city this morning, ss well as. the Deputy, who was only/tempo-by the Convention of last week, and as there was/noproposition foraunion before theCommitteeseveralsuggeetions on the subject were made, but none ofthem were d»-finitely shaped. The Committee meetacre of wheat has been the yield; and oats, corn, and from Philadelphia on Monday, 00 an excursion to Del- pany. His vanity in thus taking upon himself virtu- potatoes, eo far as the present yield is concerned, are ta Grove, a point on the Delaware, ten miles fromdomination!*forCongressfrSACO, (Me.), Tuesday, August 14, 1*60 The Democratic Convention held here today, nom-inatedThomasM.HayesofSaeo,forCongress. • FOKXST. Ohio, Tuesday, Aug. 14,1860.The Republicana of the IXth District nominated by acclamation the Hon. John Cary for reelection to Con-allytojjeviewandcondemntheactsofthea.dcniuistra- tion would be harmless, if it did not a t the same time work cruel injaetice totheclaimants inthis case, someCamden. Bowswerefrequent duriiurthedar;one beyond question the best that have been known for man was stabbed in the morniug. A man named Kov-BAtTiMOBX, Tuesday, Aug. M, i860. ThelateReformAssociationhavecalJedameeting te select a candidate for Mayor and City Council, to bechosen wiihout reference to political opinions.roads on Saturday, and is expected to sail for Chiriqui :Tuesday,A ug. 14,1860.tion of permanent President, but he declines bolh. Ex-Senator Wm. KeJly will undoubtedly be. the unanimous nominee of the Convention for Governor, and the ticket will probably be completed with Judge Allen for Lieutenant-Governor; W m . W . Wright of Ontario for Canal Commissioner, and Mr. Rhodes, theprepeht incumbent, for State Prison Inspector., The State Committee have decided to issue tickets of admiesion primarily to both sets of delegates from themand. • 'hekolvcd. That the naid pxopoeition having been, by the finalaction of a xnu^ority of the Committee, polluted, by tmxing it up •with their < ritrinal action; :w© hereby 'entirely repudiate ana r. iect the recommendations* of the Committee, at Cres»on, on the 9th inst. .• • 'rResolved, That in the present exigency, w e earnestly call upon those gentlemenwhoareon the State CentralCommittee,who are willing to cany out the instructions of the Reading Conven- tion,, and In favor of anpporlinj; reguNr nominations, to present to the Democratic vo«ertt of Penn»ylvania a clean Democmtio Electoral Ticket pledged, if elected, to vote only, for the regularjnomineesof the partv, Douglas nndjfohnson.1st. Because. The Stat* Central Committee has no powertoW ASKIWGTON,The conduct of Capt. Meigs in connection with the•»opinion, and again appealed to the President, who re-turned his letter without reading it. Meigs takes theground that in this business he is acting under the Garibaldi after the capture of Melazzo. They^srere authority of Congress, who associated his name withthe appropriation, and hence his refusal to obey theorder.compromise.The present indications are that while the regularityof ihe Tammany Hall delegates will be declared, a resolution will be adopted admitting both sets of del- egates.Republican Meeting at Hartford. Speebd DUpOch to The N. 7. Tribune.HARTFORO, Tuesday. Aug. 14, 1860. There was an enthusiastic ^Republican meeting here to-night. Messrs. Mark Howard, D . P . Kobinson,J.K. Haw ley, and E . N . Kellogg were appointed delegatesto the State Convention.3Pi, !*• Blair, jr., to his Constituents. ST. LOUIS, Tuesday, Aug. 14, I860.. The Democrat of this morning contains an addiessoveracolumninlengthfrom Mr.BlairtotneKepub- viaTrieste,butthenewsisunimportant. lieans and Free Democrats of St. Louis. He com-0 Georgia State ^o?TM?* "-,^entire military of the city, the Turners* Societies, v\ ide- greeted withtfa large crowd. Theywere afterward Awakes,DonglasI«viuciblesrandalargeooncourseof serenadedattheGirard. citizets,arewaitingatthedepottoreceivethem. Bon-msker bwbcw ruov«ui*uU wwre of auoli a natora as to aoarwalosuaa Ona of thefollowa, after xuaneuYerina about for •ewetlfea, aa*a^/ edthemoreofJ.J.USJ*«T,NO.«frBro*4fr»y,andina»»<«« ortwothereafterosweoutwithaUrg* roll of0*s4«a^fg*_tt*g*fMr.Haliey,aafaa«to«baaa<t«Wfrombisyl*o«.*«*•aoooas*The English funds were firm to-day. In the"dis- count market there was an increased demand, owing toment of the sudden death of Mr. Chaffies of the Royal Bank of Liverpool, and that every precaution has been taken to provide assistance in the emergency of a run on the hank, even to the extent of keeping a balaace at.the Bank of England higher than the customary ac- count. The hank is in perfect order, and its position most satisfactory.vention, and Judge Willard of Saratoga the permanent fienolvcZ, Tht»t rcany Democratn, ro.ftognteini? Stephen A.- 's t a p l e o f h i s a n n u a lMe s s a g e s .A m e r i c a n i n t e r e s t s t i ec o r n , 5 0 o fwe let our correspondent speak for himself:SICIL Y .PARIS, Friday.—The Monileur publishes the text ofa convention signed at Messina by Gen. Clary and Col. Medici, which is mostly a military convention forThe overdue India and China mail? are telegraphedTHEDIFFIC ULTYBET WEEN AND THE UNITEDPA RAG UA Y STATES.COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, Aug.. 3, p. m.—TheSIR: Itisamatterofsome'interesttoAmericansto knowwhattheforeignpolicyoftheirGovernmentisto be, aswell aswhat, may be its views upon domestic questions. WeallrememberthehighsoundingdecUr- ations cf President Pierce, with which he closed his somewhat promising Inaugural, andwhich formed the•- •'./•%Ht* •»—**•^YOB#JMto*^ 1869. r65,453; McCaity, 38,956; Boiling, 10,682; Hopkins,' tells him what pecuniary clouds or snnshine portend. reach twenty-eigftt. bushels to the acre. MAGNETIC TELEGRAPE Ifiteirention in Syria Agreed Uponv A FUSION WltH THE BElL FACTION, 560. Fourteen counties are yet to be heard from. , ! ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ n ^ l ( ^ ^ ^ P ^ i i ^ ^ ^ | ^ ^ given a Things ajppear equally coulettr de rose in Wisoonnn.. ;WASHINGTON, Tuesday, Aug. 14, 1860.OT®S9^TO%j^^^m88p^fithe close of the present un-TKBASCKTl RECEIPTS.So consMerable has been the felling off from already received,State Convention in which the friends >f Judge Doug- season, nr,atanyrnte,untavyeh^ve^ las should be represented, as well as those Demibcra^s certaintiea as to prices dispelled.Custom receipts fo* some months past, that Secre- tary Cobb's estimate for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June laat^ mu»t exceed the actual receiptsTfee steamship Golden Fleece, from New-York via St John's, N. F ., arrived at Galway on t)e 2d inst.The steamship Glasgow, from New-York, arrived at Queenstown on the 2dinst.'The attendance at the Douglas State ConventionJ In England the wospects of ihe crops have not beenmaterially improved duriog the week^ending July 30th.It is almost morally c e r t ^ ^ that theJnu^est will beI>y about $2,000,000.It is worth while to noticeplatform of the last Convention, has been rendered is large and inflnential. All the old Soft leaders, nugpory by the opposition of the friends of Judge like Richmond, Cagger, and Ludlow, are here. : Douglas, and therefore submit to those Democraac votersstandingon'theMissouriplatform,whoaxere- solved fo defend and maintain the principles enunciated at the Breckinridge National Convention inrega-d to the necessity of. perfectingthe organization of the party, with the view of conducting the Presidential canvass in ing. The real object is to make terms with the this;S ate energetically and successfully. They re-delayedthreeweeks,possiblyfour,anditwouldthen interestfeltthatmanyofthostoreahaveonlyoneleftoutof ,be thrown into thelast week of August or the first of e'erks and proprietors, tbe retrVbelng out in the harvest fii4d*. "Wieooniin will be able to pay all its honest debt* as soon as Hbm September. This of''course exposes it to%the unfavor- faraers realize for thia crop, and as for the (twindlin* railrosJlthis forenoon! Her dates are two dayslater than those gpedal Dispatch to Tbe N^ Y . Tribune.SYRACUSE, Tuesday, Aug.14,1860.*Sicily correspondence from Genoa reduces to six the city of New-York.' This is regarded asfavorable to amilitary executions said to have been ordered by Gen.shot as assassins, not as combatants.The loss of the Sicilians and Italian volunteersis nowBush, Wheat Bushels Consumed Bush., Population, raised. '., expo ted. at home, per cap.A Bell-Everett public meeting w a s held to-night, including 6 00» to speculators and 161.000 to exporters. The •with transparencies,banners, and torches paraded the3ssimpfyan.evidenceofyourdevotiottothecauseof Brfkora''Circularreport*thesalesofthewwkat72,000bales, •whichwasquitenumerouslyattended. Aprocession^Freedom, and would have been rendered as freely and market closed active and firm, but unchanged as regards prices.enthusiasticallytoanyothermanwhohadprovedhis Theantborizwdquotationsare,forstreets,ringingbells,sonieofwhichwereborneon sticks, and others drawn on carts.. A somewhat ludi- crous incident was presented by a parcel of boys, who followed' the proeession, ringing several small bells, a n d s h o u t i n g , " a u c t i o n , " " a u c t i o n . " T h e m e e t i n g was held at Wieting Hall, which was full, but not crowded.Speeches were made by Gov. Hunt, James Brooks, and the Hon. Wm. Duer, and considerable enthusiasm wasmanifested.Thespeecheswereallofiheusual description-, strongly favoring the union of all conser-fidelity to that canse, as it has been given to me. Y et3 cannot alldw the occawon signalized by so great atriumph to our common cause to pass without ten-dering to you the homage of* my gratitade for se-lecting me as the representative of your prin- in port is estimatedat 1,241.000 bales, ofijhloii 1,075.000 areciples, and the » instrument of % achieving a T ie sales to-day (Friday) foot up 10,000bales, the market clos- victoryfortheirmaintnacceandadvancement." ingsteady...7id. Middling Orleans . .5Ld...7d. Middling Mobile ,p "41 r i - p i u n os • • • * • * • v* • • • • • • * • • • • • • • • • * * -* • • * • • • i ..6Jd. .Middling 'Uplands ,-.53 d.Th© sales inclnde 3,W0 on speculation and export, Tbe stockworld over ^ere to he protected beneath the broad•wing.of o u r national eaglo. And t h e present Admin-istration came into power with the same higb-soundingLIVERPOOL BREABSTUFFS MARKET*-—The weatherhas heeu unfavorable ior the crop, flour is quiet. Wheat .steady. O xii advanced O ^ d .acres each, is equal to'........., Deduct for cities and villages.'Leaving, in round numbers...... their property confiscated, anda Government shiphad Estimating one-fifteenth part in wheat.teen fired intobecauseBhehadrescuedthem,we Averageyieldperacrelooked for, a show of that power which was to makeitselfeverywhere-felt—-andwefoundit. Anarma- Estimateforcornone-tenth,making.... Average yield per a c r e —.345,600 acres . 45,600 acresLIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET.—The market is They will pelect the names which they desire to havegenerallydullandunchanged. placedon,theDouglasticket..WashingtonHuntwill LIVERPOOL PRODUCE MARKKT.-rThe Produce mar-25bush. petratedinTexas,isperhapstrue;butthattheywere* 500,000 bush. the acts of Abolitionists is extremely doubtfuL la-» comparison of the returns from Gravois and Caron- ket i« geiiejally unchaEged probably be an elector at large, with a sprinkling of , LONDONMONEYMARKET—;Fridayi Aug.3,p.m.— electorsamongthedifctricts. MosesPattenwillprob-30,000acres 50 bush.1,500.000bush. 30,000 acresdeed, the following, from The Houston (TVxas) R* public of the 28th uit., affords a better clue to the , whole matter:delet for 1858 with 1860, which shows a loss of nearly 50 votes in- the former precinct, the whole number polled on the 6th inst. being 138, while nearly every other precinct in the district shows arLirgely increased vote. BCe says the names of nearly a hundred of Bar- rett voters have disappeared from the poll-book in thisConsols for money and account 93f3!»3jf.Mr. Seward in Boston.ably he the elector from the Albany District. • - The Tammany delegation take alarm at the decisioncase the Mozsrt delegates are admitted permanently,and support the Douglas electoral ticket, and Brady ior firmness or address t o a*?just'was emitted. The wrong Governor. Thev threaten in such an eveit thatthe inflicted upon ourcountrymen was fully .admitted by'crowd, who escorted him w the Revere Bouse, wheresmallprecinct. InCarondelet,Barrett's vote is less hewasserenaded. Briefspeechesfollowedfr>mGov. Stateticketnominatedherewillhotget10,000votesiatbe trembling desDot, and the amount of damages alone'; was lefttobedecidedbyamixedCommission, tosit at Washington. v\.. • 'WheatCorn....V/UCS ............. 560,000 . .1.500.000 .1,500,000. 100,000ly preacher fome montbs since a t Dall«St for some im- -prudent language made use of in a sermon, and thelate outrages are the rcsu't of the vengeance of the oldmansfrieude. We cannot anddonotbelieveitpos-sible that any white man, not actuated by a more activethan in 1858, although the aggregate increase is nearly Mie hundred and fifty. The names proven to pe fraudulent in 1858 have this year die- spearedfromthepollrbook. He refers to thelarge .acreaee in the Eighth and Ninth Wards, and to the titket on which his name was placed " For Congress,T.i>.Blair,jr.,"without<isregard'mgtheterm,andthen » y s in conclnsion: Allow me to say that I shallBa»ks, Senator Seward, Senator Wilson, and the Hon. A.H.Rice. The reception was a very enthusiastic affair.-•—: —iTHE COPTRACTnTG POWER ON HA5D.Missouri Polities. •'•ST. LOUIS, Tuesday, Aug. 14, 1860. The. Bulletin publishes a card signenhy Senators Polk and Green, declaring that their sugg^fti^ns of aa-g^ahee'^-'^^if^on' -oiT'tlu^^''Great'Britain.:"W«are in the midst of a roost wondorml horvoH. I nay wonderful pociuce' nothing like it has boon known since th* Statebaabeen settled. In this countythe vMd of whoatwfll , aveiege »e«rlr 35 bushels to the acre—rnwny nolds yisldinget tba rate of 42 to 47 basbols. OaU, corn,, and potato** ara ;«qxuUfyVi pond. Ithibnrryinsttmeawith tho farmers, andalthough on* hundred rrtplng machines have been bought in this connty thl#year, still (here ia a great scarcity vthelp, and fanners are payteca* high »« $ 3 50 per d/iy for m*n. Almost every one that ooulc' gofromthevillages<uidcities,hasg«me,andoventheboysofiasr:•••' «nd twelvey*amoldaragettingadoU*raday. Tlwroiasichaaadberirg to the principles of the party united on theventSon^ • no one can doubt, bnt if by some fortunate chance the it is probable they do—eight or ten of their stripe James M.Hughes, member of the Democratic Na- farmers should be favored with fine" dry weather in will he put OT) the JElectoral ticket—not protninenl; tional Committee for Missouri, concurring.^m the the period indicated, they may yet secure an almostmg Wisconsin journal, declares that•" good judges" promptly repudiated that statement, he wascon- the preparations for the fourth of the monfh. About men, like Mr. Hunt, but fellows that the mass of policy proposed by Senators Green and Polk-, has average crop. Last year at this time, the papers re- estimate the yield of Michigan at twenty bushels perdecline of more than £ ^ cent.The London Times stronglyadvocates the establish- ing snch.rames put on.. ^ ^ ^»action as the interests of the party may require..Express, that in all quarters the crops are " as green as grass," even in the best districts—in point of fact they are more backward than they have been for tenTh'JS i2r*J£8£''"K**"*' "^«»quality,noStatointbeUnionUn^erwW^5- ?* w«doubtifthereboovenitsequal£?«!SiZ £t.'J?t* l M W «>^»rago product per ac-o, was neverU^^ISAS^^*'^ waWlhase««orplwa/ tonmil Hor^of bushels, at W , of , w h wh(Mt „ ^ a<jfr comp9•i —which, under the cir«mwtanoes, must be considert*ful promise, has a gloomy and disheartening prospect for tbe Winter. Herfertfle prairies and hill-tides hava been parched bare of herbage, some of her finest streams evaporated, and much of her forest foliage crisped under the long, fierce drouth. A. direful proa* pect for the Winter stares hundredsof herlatest eettlerament of a County Rifle Meeting in connection with the National Rifle Association.; This would permanentlyThe Convention will talk soothingly: to the Breckinridge rank and file, but ignore the Dickin- eoo-Green organizstion. Tammany and Mozart Halls have each a full delegation here; and wage a deadly war on each other. The moderate men couneel admitting both. The feud will be recon- ciled, if poesible,, by the Convention.Co the Associated Press.:':',•'v:'; ' ——* • ' . , '" ' "• '' '.Indian Troutoles.Democracy precedent to the election. The Con-stiiuiionalitt thinksthatwhat wasgood doctrinetothesubordinateshouldbetothesuperior.Mr. dissclveuponthepaperdutyaffair.Itwillonlybea'nnbsnallylarge.Thehotelsarerapidlyfillingup,auder.Bent,,havingbutasmallsupplyofprovis-The London Times says that nobody has ever yet heardLordPalmerstonsavthatheeitherwillresignorThelatestmarketarticleinTheMarkLaneJ£:e-intheface;and,unlessreliefbeobtainedfromtheisoxre are already crowded. Probably agreater number of outeidtrs are here already than at, aoy Convention some years past. The character of the delegations ap- pear mu h better than the average, many proraioeat Democratic names from different parts of the State being on the list. • »ions, and fearing trouble, releaedthe prisoners.press, opens thns:". The past week, with a truly unfavorable opening, oloaod more Humujer-liko, though everything remain* very backward. A good deal of hay, after losing color and quality, has been «tac»*d; but th<> heavy rain at the commencement of, the w~ek, haa laid much' ofthegrain,andasthewheat overbornewas theitrongeatand best, it leaves leas prospect of a fine sample, even with propitious weatherhereoftfr. The light Jands continue, to look the best, but thisweek thereare'more serious complaint« of wheat,both BHregardsthe eur and stem, which we, hope will turn out exag- gerated. T h e lateness of the season, with reduced stock*, places us, however, more in dependence on foreign supplies, to the ex. tent of from 4,OCO,000to 6,000,000 buphels. 8* the rec-nt increasecontest fonhe seats of New-York City between Tam- many and Mozart. Mayor Wood is not present. T h e delegation from Mozart. HaU, led by Beniamin Wood, were early on the ground, closely foil >wed by the Tammanydelegates,undertheleadershipofTappan, Keunedy, and Clancy. Much embarrassment was c&unedtbthe leaders of the party by the renewal of thip quaiTtl at this tame.- While an earnest desire is felt to combine all the strength' possible on Douglas,'' the leaders of the party contend that it is impossible to do anything but recognize the regularity of Tammany Hall to the exclusion of the Mozart delegates.The Democrats of the interior of the State, "however, feelastrongdisposition,inviewofthelargevoteof Mayor Wood in the Mayoralty Election; to cast aside all questions of regularity, and admit both delegations, with power to cast half the'vote of each, after the cus- tom of the National Convention. Caucuses have been held on both sides. The Mozart takes a moderate ground, asking that both sides be admitted, although they declare the belief that Tammany has now very littlepower. The.Tammanydelegation,ontheother hand,talkhigh,declaring theywfli not take seatsif the Mozart Hall delegates are admitted, and asserting that any compromise w i i . Fernando Wood will do more injury than good.The: State Central Committee held a meeting. There vsas a full attendar.ee.The probability appears to be that Judge Pratt, ofOnondaga wid be the temporary Chairman of the Con-where sn old miner is confident of finding gold. The quar'z mills have not overcome the difficulty in sepa- rating the gold from the pulverized rock. A few claimsPresident. : DotiglbS as tbe only Democra'io candidate for the Presidency, rWm. H . Ludlow of Suffolk has been mentioned in were j e.t. for 'several reaccjis,willing to «ub«cribe to the p opo- rition of Fulton of Arm»trong County, feeling sensible, at theconnection with the nomination for Governor or posi- sam6 time, that it fell far, bhort of what they had a right to de-estimated at very little less than 1,000 men, and a , David S. Seymour, Peter Cagger, and Benjamin State Convention ia everything relating to STATK offices.185f....27,187,517 108,f%5,677 6,820,852 102,844.116 8.4-10 1359.... 30 000,000 110,153.314 none. 118.153,344 3.3-10"In 1858 tbe yield in the whole North-West was about half an average. wi»bin our recollection no such calamity has be- fallen an equally large *re» of contiguous European territory. It would have produced a grievous famine there; our people merely sold less wheat than usual, and consumed more corn and pork"That Illinois will have a very large surplus of corn and wheat to sell is certain, and we notice that each of several counties are already claiming the right to carry the banner. A correspondent at St. Charles, Kane County, sends us the fcllo wing estimate of the harvest in Kane, -which will be read with interest. W e think they should be taken with a grain or so of salt, as the estimates have a strong savor of California guessing. 0)d Jacob Strawn told us last y ear that he considered 50 and 60 bushels to the asre a large crop of corn; and considering that the average w W t cr»p of welltilldd Scotlandin1856-7wasonly27Jbushelsperacre,and of fertile South Australia only 12 bushels thesame, year,andrememberingtheshiftless,lazy,andwastefulfarming which we have seen in the prairie country, we look eufpiciously upon- estimates of 50 busholsofheavy proportion of it was suetained by Garibaldi\sWoodareatthe*VoorheesHouse .Horatio Seymour and Dean Richmond are attheSjr«cu?e Houee.The Globe Hot^l is well filled with delegates, mainlyfrom the rural districts.The crowd in the city is augmented by a full attend-ance of the Committee of Thfrty-Two of the Bell-Ev- erett party, who are charged with the duty of deciding what action shall be had with regard to the Electoral ticket. *Gov. Hunt, the Hon. James Brooks, the/ Hon. G«orge Briggs, Lorenzo Burrows, General Prescott, David Russell, and other leaders of that party arepresent.The Committee had a meeting at 6 o'clock to-nightat the Globe Hotel. After exchaiighig views as to the expediency of a union with the Douglas Democrats, the unanimous sentiment appeared to be in favor of that Lhron for the pnrpote of defeating Lincoln.i2d.Becavse tbe-majority oftbe Stat«Coranoit.tfe,byr«fu>>inor to call a new State. Conventionof the people, to hear their voice and receive their decision on the existing difficulties in ihe party, prove '*hat they have no TOgard for the wishes of their con- stituents, and are no longer entitled to the confidence of the party.-Zd. Becavse painful rumors are in circulation reflecting upon the motives of some of tbe members of he Comuuttee. iu their recent action, which demand ince^igation. before the Commit- tee, as at present constituted, should be allowed to act for the party. .hesolred, That Kentucky having repudiated John C. Breckin- ridge by a majt-rity of over 30,000. and. the olections iu Mis*ouri ana North Carolina iraking it evident that h e can o&ly carry a few small States, w e call up n bioa by all his boasted love of the Urii'n to withdraw his name from the cauvgrts, and no longer as- sist Lincoln by dividing the Democratic party.nominations were rejected: Henry Manning, Robert O. Borne, W m D . Sloan, Peter Grady, and Patrick Behill. The Board had nine ballots for a member of the Board of Education, in place of Wm.jG. Dickinson, resigned, and no choice. The Board adjourned.—a—A M0118. Farini advertises his intention of rivaling Blondin in feats of daringatNiagara. Hehasstretcheda cable from one side of Niigarariver to the other, jwc. below the Falls, and is to make his first crossing to-day, Blondin also performs at the same time. The sew . comer will, after reaching the center of the river, draw up a rope from the deck of the Maid of the Mist, attachit to the cable, and descend head foremost to tha ~ steamer. .W e are told that Farinj. witnessed Blondia'i last performance, and prenxwinced the latter a mere bungler. HesneeredatBlondinforholdinghisbal ance pole while standing upon a chair which was , poisedonthocable,andsaidthathe(Farini)would have laid the pole dovi n, and without any snch assist- ance, stood on his bead instead of bis feet. There is reason to fear that these two men will gro «r reckless hi tbeir competition, and that finally some terrible acci-' dent will happen.THEEXCITEMENTINTEXAS.—AdispatchfromGal- veston, iutended, doubtless, for political 'effect^ say* that there are 2,000 Abolitionists in one county incitingbest corps.. - - .<» — •4the conditions of a European intervention in Syria. The Conference will assemble at 3 o'clock to eigh a convention in reference to measures to be taken in eemmon.INDIA AND CHINA.SYRIA.P ARIS, Friday.—-All the Powers have agreed.upont.mmi lh f.I1Ithe Bell and Everett party meet again in the morning..300,000 acres. 20,000 ucres slaves to insurrection. That outrages have been per- 1'It is reported under date of Denver Citv, August 7.S T . JOSKAI, (MO.) Tuepday, August 14,1860.pledges. Forawhileitseemedasiftheywouldbe KaneCo.,15townships,sixmilessquare,at23,040mt-nt'ridiculously disproportionc-d .to. the enemy with qftheStateCommitteeinfavorofadmitting boths^ts whichitwastocopewassentout,and "theiUoatrious Estimateforoats,one-tenth.............bv ticket, at the first assembling of the Coovention. Bowlin" was sent with it to make itsresults yet more Senator Seward arrivfd from Portland about 10 They declare positivelytheir intention to withdraw in ridiculous. The only point which required eitherAverage yield....Barley and rye, say....• • • » • • •i50 bush.1,500.0^0bush. ticiom of Northern Abolition emiesariea, bat the trneBOSTON, Tuesday, Aug. 14, 1860. o'clock last nigbt, and was met at the depot by a large••••••«KECAPIT0LATIO1*'." By mary these outrages are attributed to the famv- .. JCO.OOObush. cause will doubtless be found in the whipping an elder-the city. :'/Hon Wm.Kelly wasin Albanyto-day,and while' not desirous that bis name should be uBeo\ will acceptBarleyandBye. v Total.3,600,000 bush. tenant-Governor,incaseJudgeAllendeclines.. secureinhisstronghold,nowdeniesthroughhiscoun- f»ever-alfieldsalreadythreshed,fullyhearsoutthecalculation.motive than mere, though mistak^nji'huaathropy ooald TUe Heenan £xhil>itionatBoston. thenomination..LemuelStetson.ista'kedofforLieu- Thefleetwaswheedledaway,andLopez,oncemore Thesefiguresmayseemlarge,butthe meusured grainfrom sorfarforgetthe dictatesofhumaoitvastobewillingBOSTON, Tuesday, August 14,1860. The train just arrived brings a large' addition to the Jbus, a Sweduh/armer, from six acres of wheat, measured 213 to unloose these blooohounds—for such the unbridled The Board of Aldermen have refused to license the crowd, and the principal hotels begin to overflow. A B*1 a u y liability. That a n expenditure counting b y bushels. A gentleman in the west part of the county weighed at passions of negroes would donbtless make them—upon ;proponedpugilisticexhibitionforthebenefitofJohn C. Heenan. •livelyinterestintheproceedingsoftbedifferentcau- cuses appears to be manifested by outsiders.hundredsofthousandsofdollars,nowbecomeadead loss to our merchants, w a s made on' the strength ofthe Depot lev bushels of barley from twelve acres or 61 bushels peracre O.M.Butler,andF L.Alexanderofthistownhad on nine acres of oats 686'bushels, or 708 bushels.'e e kalmost defenseless women and children. . W e have a littlebetteropinionof humanity,thoughnotavery> exalted one at bef-t, than for a moment to suppose that thesuspicionexcitedofAbolitionincendiarisoxcanbew e l l f o u n d e d i n f a c t . A t l e a s t , w e t r u s t t h e y h a v e bten greatfy exaggerated, both in detail and cause for general alarm." , , >Senator Seward was to-day the guest of Charles a f t e r n o o n t r a i n .Tne;BroiithinKansas.The State Committee .created "by the Young Men's*^3zZ3£!SZ3r.> *f good weather, will secure wheat andforeverrememberwithprideandsatiafacionfecon- FrancisAdamsinQuincey,andleftforAlbanyinthe DemocraticConventionatSarat&gaispresent.,The promisespubh'shedtoallthewo;IdbytheG^trernmonttionnowassumedbyParaguay,indirectviolationof specialattentiona*totheamountperacre. AsfarasHoRuinr.EMUROJBRATDELTAGROVE,N.J.—Six uLEAVENWORTH,IK.T.),Tuesday,Aug.14,1860.The statement of tne sufferings of the people of.Kan- against this was experienced from the fact that tbe convention wherein that Government acknow- threshed and put |uto market, thiriy-eix bushels per Mxf» SiAnBiro.— A. party calling thomselves Hotten-to-day. :f0Movement* of John C. Heenan.'•-_••'-,-•,".thegroundwhenthedifficultytookplace.AMEIUCUS.•• , 1 1PHILADELPHIA, Tuesday. Aug. 14,1860. Heenan and suite arrived this evening and wereFKLONIOTJS ASSAULT.—-Daniel Graham, a »hoe- 1,000,000 bushels. Friond! a millionbushels isa large\ way their attention was attracted toward t*ro»»splcl«u»www*.•'\:••••. ..»:and naval, who have examined the case or were upon don't like to over estimate. Probably 750,000 bushels will bo Dourer the truth."Insurance Company. ectiveqYen. •The fire originated from ado-,, " . ' • ' . .1 '«> ••••heap.'-'' "// • FromTowa,welearnthatinnearlynlltheoottttiestheWreot.here yesterday. It tvas large and b ^ j n o m ^ a * ; 1 ^ n ; evening by the supporters of Bell and Everett at the crowds are waiting on the principal streets through •elaied a ahoe-kn'fe and emasculated his antagonist The aoouied exception, whew there is any, eaiats la some of the"Mfitr.snocVix.tr, Ga.,Tuesday,Aug l W-TheBelland Everett State Convention assembted Randall Hunt, of Louisiana, was serenaded this firesareblazing on several street corners, andbvge ^i Am P*0""*,gentlyenraged,and,inthohlght ofhw-nger. wheatcror>hasbeen morethan anaverageone. ,ThefeminHU1and JudgeLewwere appointed^Electors Continental. for the State ai large.•••m»juries.^y • ••<••:••\> •••>•. ..,";•'•••.,•• oountieaborderingontheStateofUamouri,wherethamgsiwte#leeaai-ap.''. ...it ^m$m&<W .whichtheprocessionistopass.wasarreitodoadlockeduptoawaittherwiuitofO'Bdou'a V>^M I..I!«II#*III*«4|.I« „H..i.miM»fMiW.»'i#n.>i.Mw!n>M.J,>)><p),^U,Mm^fimmytmm •" "•• 'w ; <»'i> >»' '"-'"^w!msmwy-MW*-" T M ^ / ^ y wT-rr"iY"i ~T"i)n I I ^ J _Non-Arrival o f lite F e w f a , SAKny-Hook, Tuesday, Ang.14;I860.—11p . ^There are yet no signs of the steamer Persia off this point.Windfreshfromnorth. Clear.hisattentionisnotmoregiv*ntotheweather-glass,at counties,includingeayone-halftheState,thewheat Ninetysix o6n^iieB::;'m'7'^ntnckyv/''give'''' Coombs ?hemethantothatgreatbarometer,ttiemarket,which cropwillaverage notleesthan twenty-five, andnssjr ,ported the commencement of harvest work in many lo-years.'"' . ./ ,•' •;#The stock of wheat in the hands of British farmers is considerably less than last season; and the result isa pretty fjair specimen of brag.North-We«tern Statee, numbers of men and animal* must perish by (tarvafiom Judge W . F . M. Amy, ©C Kansas/who has been for some time in this section oi country, recently left for the Territory, in company withThaddeusHyatt,to travel through the dro«ti»- parcfaed district and take instant measures for the re- lief of thepeople.We published an earnest letterfrom a Kansas farmer , a short time since. W e have another lying before u e ^ * inwhichthewriterrepeatsthesadstoryofthegeneral suffering. H e says that on the 9th of July there camea hot breeze, of about 120 degrees Fahrenheit, which blew from the south-west, from 2 o'clock a. m. to 3 o'clock p. m. In tbe shade, and protected from tha wii d, the mercury rose to 112, and when exposed to the full force of the sirocco, though in the shade, It rose to 120. Out-door labor was soon found impossi- ble after the bweze had reached ite bight, and the only relief to be obtained was in tightly-closed rooms. Ten- der vegetation was withered and crisped^ts by a prairie fire. In his neighborhcod—Riley County—there hae not been a good, soaking rain since Feb. 21, though occa- sionaleho-wershavefallen. GrainsownearlyinFeb- ruaryhasfeebly thriven,butthatsownlateiaruined. Corn has suffered greatly, and mauy fields are past help, even from immediate and heavy showers; " yet," says our correspondent, "the late-planted corn may ripen something of a crop if rain comes immediately. There is ne grass worth cutting, and potatoes sad other garden vegetables have failed for the first tuna. Wild grapes, cherries and plums ordinarily abound here,* but this year they were almost cut off by fraat * —plums quite so." W e sincerely trust that in the caseof poor, oppressed Kansas, her present distress may not be lasting, but that she may realize that'the dark- et>thour is just before the day.'*" POLICE APPOINTMENTS.—A special meeting of theJersey City Common Council was held last night, foethe purpose of taking action upon the nominations ofthe Mayor; for Chief and members of the Depa«*tment.The following were the appointments: Chief-—JacobZ. Marinns, reelected. Patrolmen—C. Kipp. Julian P .Chazotte, Edward McWilliams, Matthew Bradley, vention in all matttrs relating to NATIONAL offices, and to the lf)50....23190,870 100 48^,840 7,555.940 92,952.8W 4.8-10 Daniel Boyle, and Thomas Scott. The followingin California jmlch are doing finely. A claim in Rus-sell'sgulchyielded16ounce*inoneday. IntheBob- ofimportshapproducednopressureonthemarket,notwithstand-dictate to the Democratic party, and their duty is only to recom-mend and assist in ct>raymg into effect such action a* is calculatedto advarce the interests of the regular nominees of the party theonly ailcgiance which the party owes being to the National Con- 1840..,.17,053,958 85,822,372 10,llft,365 75,704,901 4 3-10"I have made a good many inquiries, and examined for my- self, among the farmers in thta neighborhood, and have deduced therefrom the following estimates:"The "^" T h i s i s o n l y o n e c o u n t y i n 102 i n t h e S t a t e . "twenty -two years past.::: we would suppoee that it was a mere joke to raise a the evening, as the party were preparing to embark,again to-morrow.MostoftheprincipalDemocratsintheStatearenow o|whommustbeutterlyruinedbythis unlooked-for ToheartheeditorsofWesterncountrypaperstalk, toxicatedearly,andwasveryquarrelsome. Atsixinhere. • •<•','' •\" V '.'.". ••• ,' ' and most unrighteous decision. Either every depart- clear million bushels of wheat. Let these enthusiastic Kevser seized »man in the party and struck him. In a•:*T h e I^at© Violent Storm.ment of our Government to whom the case of the claimants was submitted, and which has decided upon itsvalidityafterduedeliberation'smaderidiculousbyviolent controversy which followed, Kejser rushed gentlemei go over the ground themselves with tape- upon John Hockey and stabbed him to the heart withline and bushel measure, and they would'doubtless a dirk. Keyser then attempted to escape, but w«a havereasontoabatetheirfigures.Thus,inMinne- overtaken,andisnowinCamdenjail. InarrestingTexasElection—TneAbolitionists. rarilyabsent,attendingareference/case.Weareau-- ' ^ GanvissTOK, Texas, August 12,1860. thorized to staie that there is.no foundation whatever euhmerged, and the sufferers are numerous, mauy h'e- this decision, or the American: Commissioner has sub- sola, a Wabaahaw County paper discourses after this Keyser. six other men were stabbed, though it Is oe-vReturnsfromfivecountiesgiveFlurneys,(Dem.), fortherumorthataninjunctionhadbeenappliedforor ingleftnomeleefl. ;•'"„' jected,himselftoridicule. Ineithercase,whatisthefor Attorney-General, 471majonty. . against the Central Railroad, or that any such pro- The bark Lizzie Bogus from Boi-deaux, arrived^dis- fereign policy of the Administration remains in doubt. w ite: ?)h:'?:?; - y ?•'• • - '• •TheAhofiUonistsareactivelyoperatmgonthewest- ceedings.werecontemplatedbyhim. - mastedandleakingb*dly. The achooner Mary, from '^Letusmakealittlecalculationof the amount of thocrop.Jievedthatnonearefatallyinjrxred.'• ,,•'.• New-OrleanstoGalveston,hasbeenfoundabandoned Ifjusticeistobedone,atremainsforthePresidentto , V*ttrebetween1.1P0wad1,200farmersinthecounty,nooneWCouniy,incitinganinsurrectionamongtheslaves. Tne SteamSloop-ot-warBrooklyn. atMobile. Thegalewasverysevere. Thelower defendhisowncouree,andtovindicatetherightby ofwhomhaslessthan12acresofwheat Ahrgenumberhave publishingestablishmentof0.H.jSneluog,wo,134,ernborderoftheState. TwothousandareinAnder- '....-. NORFOLK, Tuesday, Aug. 14,1860. part of the city was overflowed, and serious losses setting aside a decision made in the face of undoubted will average 20 8008 to the farm. Call the farms 1,100; this Cbnrch street, but it was extinguished before muchReform AssoelationofBaltimore. sThe steam sloop-of-war Brooklyn dropped down thehavebeensustained. .? '."/-.-}...-'-cThe Chicago Zouaves. . . .CHICAGO,Tuesday.Aug.14,J8w. The Zouaves, who were ar-nounced to reach this city thisevening,havenotyet(10.o'clock)arrived. G^at preparations have been made for their reception. Theevidence,andcftheopinionsofallhisofficers,civil'wouldIgive,22,(100acres,wblyh,at30bushel*totheacre,would damageoccmTed. Insuredforf1,100intheHamutoar give <>Gt.,t)00 buhhelc W e know tbi» is under the mark, but w eUntitled DocumentItiaallegedthat,duringaqu»m>rbetw*eQttiotwoaxon,>••••«•••#•«•«..*••••»«A Whiteside County man says, that some farmersfirm 40 to 80 acre*.; Quite a number h»v* liom 100 to 300. It!;J ;An Olmstead County editor, nr t to be outdone by his * CAVOHT IN THE- ACT.—Late ye^rday afternoon^ neighbors,putsthe yieldof hiscounty at 850,000to, :ss deiootivesSloweyandlhisauberywarewalkingdownBroad-,•.-l\. '..'/':•,• ' i: ••.'•l.V**'W'«f.'*>'>>•drouth w a s so parcbingas to aloiwet destroy IntheDeeMoineaValleythecomcropisaiser. of the United States Hose Company, became in-FIRK IN CHURCH STREET.—Yesterday afternoon,; about5o'clock, afirebrokeoutin;thephotwrrapMe'A . ^^^^^^^tfl^ '•Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 