 THE NEW YORKEiRALJ).PRICE TWO CENTS.WHOLE NO. 8773. THE FUSIOH PROGRAMME.I iflBrn mi* Ticket la be JLnonreed at He r.ioii skexiig To-Migik£o ^Baiter tar the Oreen-Tncker Organisation,\MORNING EDITION-MONDA Y , SEPTEMBER 17, 1860.Addrtta of, tbe Breckinridge StateTt« rub .•'.wnscrvtae ot :ne Dccg:as»• -: N» /MCuiteit VTIK-'M Hoteloa Saturday until u* V/rotca el Sunday, and labored more zeaieoaly tbu> A »x> i.ate previous. They went to work like •Ma ! « r x ( K important taek before ttwm, H i , witk too k-J *sf sewena) prominent gentlemen, hove succeeded,••uni .ue Sunday labor, .n making out a programme • t e a M ©mdered acceptable to the leading merchants and fctctj.r ige men of this city, asd hope to take eastern at least to break tbe beekbnaB of tbe Green Totner crtr i t xaticn, and place them where they will be est of ear ger hereafter.equal and exact justice between a man and his neighbor and whereas tbe parties whose nominations are already before tbe people do not even profess this as their great object, but, on the contrary. are forward to assure steve-Qironiiks, nineteenth Chapter, eleventh verse, as fols w4 4for a statue of tbe yueaa. Thia being acceded to, a bot- tle was presented to him contaiateg gold and silver cotes of tbe reign of Victoria; and eeptos of the latest newspa-h^chnw o4, from hie tret appearance ia this city, baataxed t sico, aad bee admitted that they should eaake con-etea cu to ike Breckinridge vote, or tbe aterehaais aadtat.MM e men of this city; hot be has, oa theocAer tend, objected to max i eg any compromisewita the present Breckinridge State orgau.zai.joc,and • as held a stiff upper lip whenever they were spoken•I 'On* of tbe mam points that be was driving at in ther a w * arrangement was to take {rota tbe Dickinson partyaa the moneyed latere* aad tbe baft of their vote, with-out. lAAxg, tbe leaders, and giving them importance: biseemre wa a to kill them off aad to have them oat of theway for t he future. Thus tbe report of hie own sub-corn-aarueew ee rejected u oace, tbe Volunteers were listened tooat 1 it - see found that they wanted tbe present Breckin-ridge or rat .at ion recognized, and then turned them on aiding to defeat Lincoln. A national democrat, in votingIllinois£Estate Convention.of tbe "British Grenadiers," Thisendedthereview,abouttheshortestands'.m^estever witaeased. Tbe troops displayed, however, in these four movements, considerable entetescy.His Royal Highness then drove to the University, where be was received by the camnceBor, President and others, and conducted to tbe Convocation Hail A large number of ladies and gentlemen were hare assembled, and the students lined a passage through which the Priacs passed to the date at the head of tbe ball, oa which a throne had been erected.for Donates ia thiastete, will but diminish the vote of our and we at to work bv thesneelves. Having Drat secured own party—lessen, by so much tbe faith of the countryman X, and especially that be can only have a small party atdinnjer. Be said that he greatly disliked a crowd, a cma.l party was BO much pleasanter, sad wished the dining room at Hamilton to be small. To this the Gover- nor Gehermobjected, sxying that his Royal Highness had duties to perform.Bachmeyer, tbe Queen's courier, has started ahead to pick oat hotels for the Prince. Those I mentioned Satur- day will probably, but not certainly, be selected, as, al- though tbe Governor General announced the list, It was not official, and much will be left to Bachmeyer's judg- ment.He will allow so overcharging, end the royal party willRegistrar presented tbe college book to tbe Prince, who at once signed itTbe Principal of Upper Canada College, ateo tn Toronto, then advanced and read as address, whiafa, being unex- pected, was not replied to at the time, bat tbe promise of such being sent wax given. Tbe Prince was next eon- ducted through the Mnsenm and class rooms, but uot oa tothsroof,ax originallyintended,owing to theSUMof the weather.THS BOSARTCAI GAXDBXS.After this he drove beck to Government House, abeing now one o'clock, and lunched. At three, ths weather having moderated, he reentered hx carriage, and proceeded to toe Botanical Gardens. These are situ- ated s mile eastward of the city, on nearly level groond. An immeate crowd had assembled, both inside at i oat- side the gates, and as the carriage drove op it was com- pletely surrounded, sad it was with difficulty the polios kept a passage open for hte Royal Highness to eater by.theJ a a vacancies, tbe qaeation was by whom and bowwere • ,hay to be filled. There being no organization thatpre** cted a ticket satisfactory to them, they were com-pe-t d to uke the matter ia their own hands—a taskwh. eh they had no objection to perioral, especially whentbt re was tbe least prospect of laying cat Green aadTn eaer, aid, In the next place, of obtaining funds for tbeca npaiga, which would, perhaps, enable them to secure aAfter prasnieiiig and postponing until almost everybody democrats follow Mr. Douglas, separate themselves politi- cally from tbe democratic party of the South, and joinIt w more Congnasmen than they had in tbe last Congress.in tbe nationality of New York—encourage squatter sovereignty, and, still further, imperil tbe constitution and the Union. -•Tbe Douglas organization, in rejecting the only means by which this State oould be prevented from voting for Lincoln, have reduced tbe practical question between democrats of New York in tbe coming election to one of future organization only. Ia determining upon which of the two democratic candidates they will support, it is neceaxary for then to decide sow upon the principles they are prepared to abide by hereafter. Will national9. Resolved. That until a religion of love to attend to saw other business that may he necessary. pay no more than plebeian price. It is useless to try anyto God aad man, manifesting itself in indexi- All the friends are requested to be present, either in Japanese biiis upon Bachmeyer, for he is not a New York Tbe cheering was aa enthusiastic as usual, and there wasTHOBOl'CB ORfiAJIIXATIOM CALLSD FOB, ETC.To ran NAr.t«t»i DwiocaAt.T: or rax SIATS or Nxw Y/onx:—The aadersifaed, Kasteaal Dssaunalte state Committee cf the State of New York, are the regular and only organ tsat<m for this State rssslasnlMM tbe priactptesof theMart axd lnatitate ptattorsx. antbon/nd to act for the trends of John C. Breckinridge sad Joseph Lane. We <ier ve our authority from the State Convention which as- ambled at Syracuse on the Tth of August test, called by drectsaof tbe National Executive Committee of which Gsv Isaac K Stevens •Chairman, a convention onsur- passed for inteilifsacs, tnthMiaasi sad fidelity to aatinn- aipriac.ntexOar ebjeot • a amassing yon at the present time is oeV eiai* to aanounce, with anfeigned regret, tbe final and •bsotate failure of aa ataampt made bv us la good faith te saite (be oppaaints of lepublteaasms te this Statethe etecttea of Iiacoaa. Aotteg te pessimal i of I advice tf the President of the CattedKy., addreaaed the Convention, advocating radical viewa, aad eoaaptatetog of C. M Ctey for his desertion of thekilt in ve irrepressible conflict for ye I'residency, st Charles Town, May 2,1890.No» rsTXXoorxsi AGAUT.—A public meeting was held InAbbeville district, S. C, on the 11th ult., at which tbefollowing resolutions were passed:—' Resolved, That to hold political or commercial Interwhichhe holdup, possibly with the best tetentions, and, addrsalpxtbs rrteosVsalM»WUl you take my umbrelU s i r " ' H i t Roysl Highness turned away with a smile, and toentvofaxsdeclin^j^^^TJ a few moments after this the signal for the startthe moment after which a rode aad insolent brute lifted his Royal Highness' hat off, and said "LetX have a tooa- at you. ' This outrage waa borne with excellent temper by the Prince, who gracefully retook h a hat tram the fellow.There was considerable disorder jute new, tbe crowd rushing in on all aides, In the midst of wbich tbe royalfor a.; beieve that the republicans will carry tthis Mala,there beng two democratic ttexete m the field.Tbe nsgulaltena batasaa our organization and theirs commerced on the 4th lust The Chairman of our Stale Committeeonthatday,havingbeeninformedthrooghthe pablie press that a sub-committee had been named by the Dougtes State Committee, "toconfer with saw etherer-cock. Sites T. rytor, Henry Collins, Wm. a ItovalL John W. Sawyer, Jacob Randall, Hiram B Lewis.William Goodell wax then nominated for liovernor.Sid. ney A Beers for Lieutenant Governor, Zeaas Brockett forCanalCommisxioaer,aadEllisdubeeforStatePrison Inspector.our ticket. 1was everywhere met by old follow Aiwrera In tbe cause of freedom and temperance, who, instead of giving me their ©o-operation, told me that I was n o n* the republ lean party. It seemed sot te have occurred to themthatthesspubUoanpartyhadrantedthem. Nor did it seem to neve occurred to them that freedom aad temperance were better worth saving"than tbe repaoHcanTHE FBEfCII 0T WALE&IDsVisittoChippewaChnrch—tlaclv1111y o f a a A m e r i c a n — T h e P r i n c e H o l M o g T c oA I , B rt**° ^ L ttJ *f>5 * «*• *F. tomnl Wiluatxs aadf * „ *. *^ —**— httetetry. Thousands bold um- brellas in the backrround.mme Acsasax sroaa.v**^1?* '*•!*•*»Prtoce"frrved,aadthiswas theaignal for a salute from the field battery Be wasA State Committee, contnttaf of W. W. Chapman, Otis gaalsatioB opposed to the election of lincoLn," aldresaed Simmons, J. a Harrington, C. A. Hammond, and George party.jPlna—He i s D « U g a t e d w i t k H i s M a n . - Dr. McCaul, the President of tan Dai varsity, aad by them Pars—His Dlalike of Crowd*—The P r i a c s conducted over a carpeted pathway to the stand, pass.asoa their way a con pie of Rusaten guas captured "by ths British at Sebastopol aad prtaeated to Toronto hi ths Queen.hisRoyalHighness,askinghimonbehalfofthetehe•»• Prince iwenl to Chippewa church. Tbe text was Second teats of the city to lay thefoundationstone of a pedestala note to Mr. Wood, Chairmen of such sub-committee, W. Clark, ware then chosen; after which the State Con-employ them to teach tbe people tbe true religion—tbe simple religion of reason, common sense,and Jesus Christ Had they this religion they would be drawn to rational and righteous voting as naturally and necessarily as the needle ia drawn te the pole.You will need a fund of one or two hundred dollars todefray tbe expense of printing tickets, end getting themadvxing him that we would meet at the Aster HouseNew York, on tbe Tth mat, and would be pleased to oon-axerany proposition be had to stake. In reply, we received a re.|uest tor a sub-committee to be appointed fromour body, and we at once appointed it. When these twosubcommittees of conference met, several suggestionswere made on both sides. Finally aa ultimatum wasottered, viz. tbe Lieutenant Governor and Canal Commis-a oner on tbe State ticket, aad one elector at large andnmedisukt electors te be designated by oar State Com-mittee. At first tbe Douglas sub-committee deehbid this hokters, who trample on ail human rights, that they will otfcr, whereupon oar State Committee approved of the protect them la so doing; therefore,proposal 01 their sub committee, aad declared it to be 1. Resolved, That tbe friends of government, ax op- tbeii• utttaastoxa. Negotiations ware thereupon closed posed to disorder, violence and outrage, nave no otherl a v i t e d t o a! B u f f a l o H u n t — T n * General Brock. Ac., eVc., AcandtheCommitteeadjourned. Thenextday,however, Mr. Wood caused to be published m the NewYork papers a letter addressed to tbe Chairman of oar Committee, ac- cepting, so for as he could accept, our ultimate proposal, •aad promising to recommend it to hie s^tate Committee. Be did so, at itsfinalmeeting in New Yjrfc, on tbe 14th inst,wnen oar proposal wax deiiaitely rejected. Tbe door is thus closed forever, by the act of tbe Douglas State Committee, against say and all fusion or coalition between us and them. Our can- didates for electors and State officers will be supported by us with all the energy and means at our command. The old struggle between the two w a g s of tbe democracy in this ttate is again renewed by tbe conduct of tbe pre- sent Albany Regency. The tetter are BOW allied, bow- ever, with tbe Know Nothings, and their opponents are reinforced by some of their former strong supporters, who hare already recognised the inevitable tendency and final result of the squatter sovereignty doctrine. We therefore call upon all national democrats to rally ia be- half of our principles and our candidates. We ask the more than one hundred thousand old adamantine hard shell national democrats of this State, will yon desert your party now; to follow Richmond and Cagger, and their Know Nothing allies, on the road towards tbe free soil republican camp'An attempt is being mads to form a Northern demo- cratic party, with a free soil element of squatter sove- reigntr te it, combined with Know Nothingism. This new Northern party is acting in concert with the Know Nothings of the Sooth, and such disaffected and misled Southern democrats as can be deluded and deceived by the false hue and cry howled incessantly against Breck- inridge aad Lane. Let national dessoerate beware lest they are betrayed, by the glare of false lights with which they are aurrounied. The Douglas organization in New York have determined that this Stats shall be given to Lincoln. Do not flatter yourselves, then, that by voting for Kougtes yon are ia any manneralternativebattomakeanewnominationforPresident astogobutforwhitemen,orsomercilessastorecognisealso the Levites shall be ofiieers before you. Deal his Royal Highness pissed ss tatsaded. A silver trowel' aad made up their mind, that th07 were to be humbugged, with the Know Nothings in both sections of tbe country ? mer, and unyielding regard for tbe rights and interests sired. Letters any be directed to T. B. McCormick, boxand mere woald be no change in tbe electoral ticket, we «xe finally informed that "something baa been done," dasdttal we are to-night to have announced at the Union rraufleltLoa meeting, at tbe Cooper Institute, a fasten •t-chtt, or rather a compromise ticket, tbtt will be satis- factory to the merchante aad busineae men of this city.or will they rather continue to march under the old time- honored national democratic banner, which hex never been lowered before any fee, sad which te thesame North and South ? Tf you have not made up your minds to Oesert tbe national democratic party, be careful how you increase the vote of Douglas. By voting for Breckinridge and Lane, national democrats will not only sustain tbe principles of their party, andof the tetter, takes the place of the solemn shams and imposing nonsense which are now palmed off upon the people as tbe true religion, we shall oontiaue to be cursed with tbe rule of slavery, rum, or whatever embodiment of selfishcess and pride happens to be most potent in its inCuecce upon the popular mind.Mr. CHAttux presented tbe following, which was adopted —10. Resolved, That radial abolitionism possesses a strong temrjerance element; and it is the design of tbe ra- dical abolition Ate to recommend stringent legislation on this subject, and to withhold their political suffrage from all tbe opponents of temperance.After considerable discussion, and some trifling amend- ments, they were adopted.Tbe Convention then adjourned till seven and a half o'clock.In tbe evening Mr. 6. W. PVTXAM presented tbe fol- lowing resolutions, which, after remarks, were adopted:—11. Resolved, That we look with pleasure upon the con stent growth in the public mind of the conviction that alavery is, always and everywhere, aa outlaw ever to he met with such means as an outraged people may choose.12. Resolved, Therefore, that the noble cenduct of the rescuers or Naue, at Troy, a few months since, and the courage and devotion evinced bv them on that occasion, are full of encouragement that the reign of slavery/ can- not test forever.48, Oberlin, Ohio. •O. M. BROWN, East Toledo, Ohio. W. A. HUNTER, Bryan, Ohio.< -EOBGK GORDON, Itura, Ohio. J. P. BARDWEI.L, Oberlin, Ohio. T. B. McCORMICK, Oberlin, Ohio.It is understood that Btehdin will receive a handsome present for his show on Saturday, as all wars surprised the Prince did not give bite something on the spot. He shoiuld! have received the rope s end, is the Prince's opinion.Tbe cegc t.at ona were so far concluded yesterday that preserve a nucleus about which, in the future, will beformeda great national party in this State, buttagger M l for Albany last evening, leaving Richmond they will encourage their friends all over the Union, and and Hubbard to complete the Labor—to shape aad polish be received and honored in the next National Conventionrp the structure already blocked ont. Cogger, it is said, ot democrats, instead of being rejected and despised—as they most surely will be—tf they present themselvesA couple of SandersonX cooks, who were left by the IISCELLAXEOIS POLITICAL I\TELLItEKE. train, and walkedfifteenmites, so that the Prince should not be disappointed in his dinner, bare received handsome presents from hte Royal Highness, Earl St Germaiashas left a power of attorney in Richmond's hands to transact any business la regard to this democratic estate, and to ran a J transfers and deeds thai may be round ne- cessary to finish this important work, in bis name aad for sum.upon the platform of squatter sovereignty in company with their new allies.We charge the Douglas managers in this State with having purposely produced the present difficulties in tbe party, and with persistently refusing to allow these diffi- culties to be adjusted. All national democrats should withdraw from the rule of the Albany Regency, and sup- port the principles and candidates of their own party.MA&wniiaKTTs STATS NonrsATioNs.—The following table contains the nominations of the four political parties in Massachcsetta—hatiaf informed him of the circudistance.Colonel Magruder, United States army, te here fromWe are informed that tbe arrangement of tbe compro-mise a the same as completed, although not felly so. "There can be no evasive middle grown!." SanatterBr^kinridgtIt has been determined ansa that tbe Breckinridge rtrecgtb of this section of the State shall bare six men en the electoral ticket, four from tbe city of New York, rce frcm Brooklyn and the other from Westchester ccunty. The only point ander controversy is, what they afca-i ao w.tb Brady. His retirement from tbe Breckin- r.rtge ticket they consider one of tbe most important po rU .2 the whole arrangement.} Mr. Brady, it ?ee. -?, was (at of the city last week, aad the negotiators, aitacugh they sought him ia every quarter, were ocab.e to get bold of bint. What will have to be done to satisfy t m was iaat night a mystery, but they hope to settle tike question in time for the meeting tonight, and i.-.t-ougL the ticket is at present marked out, tbe accept- ance or rejection by Ur. Brady of the proposition that wil be made b m may materially change a portion of thejr-sea; slate.it a ._• >rttood that the Lieutenant Governorship orelector at large is at Mr Brady's disposal if be will with- draw frcm the field as Governor, and upon this hangs a portion of their agreement. The list of names that Will appear oa the electoral ticket will depend upon the deci- sion cf Mr. Brady. Whether he sees£fit to accept or reject, tttre will be a compromise ticket prepared; at least so say the powers that be. Among tbe names that will be drawn out of this lottery wheel will probably be that of A T. Stewart, tbe merchant prince; Reabea Withers, hanker; Wilson G. Boat, or Jobs EL Browsr, and Wm. B. Dcaoaa, for that city; A. W. Past, banker, of Brooklyn, an 1 Gonvereeur Keasbte, of Westcbester conaty. It is not yet pee.tive whether these names will appear or not, butleoj. F. Butler.a portion of them will appear at least. Mr. Brady a Joe. O. Hasbronck, Later. Albert G. Wheeler, Monroe. ca• e may be substituted for oas of these, an < it may Geo. H.Taylor,Washington. Israel T. Hatch, Erie.tot. although the number that will be given lafixednoon, and the names asm; yet it is not certain whether all the larues mil accept; besides, the aaase of at least one per- sondependsupontbereplyofMr.Bradj.la all of this arrangement Green sad Tocker hate been, shear ally sansbad shay have bean passed over as were beys and not worthy of notice. Richmond, however,gjd aty the twotestersof Mr. Green before tbe comm.t- tee but it was undefttood thai the rejection of the resolii tionsofMr.Woodcarriedwithittheseletters,andno fencer action was taken upon them. Time will alone ten how Messrs. Green sad Tocker will take this snob, or wbatttreagtb they can gather around them after this •it on. A better prediction can be made after Mr. Brady's decision.J.C. Harrison, StLawreace.George P. Eddy, Niagara.sovereignty is but another form of free soil republicanism, aad necessarily continues the excitement, strife and bloodshed caused by fanatical emigrant aid societies, with thair contributions of Sharp** rifee. If it <toea not remitGovernorIX Governor.. .D. A. Carpenter. Secretary... *.. w*. W. Oomstock. Treasurer 0eo. Dennett. Aed.tor J, W. Mansi r.B the i nai breaking up of this confederacy of sovereignStates. It :s only another form of the coniiEct forced uponus '. y the doctrines .of Seward and Lincoln. Men m'nst 13. Resolved, That the recent action of the GrandSamoel O. Lamb.On Tuesday tbe Prince lays tbe corner stone of Brock's breasts. Tn my test 1 briefly mentioned the result of their missiontake Lround either tor or against tbe. equality Jury, in refusing to find a bill against those rescuers,Timet, tbe organ of the black republican party te Rens- mot'imcct, at Qeeeastown Heights, and receives an ad- The deputation, which included the Mayor aad nine selaer county, thus speaks of tbe nomination for re- drtfes jfrom the Veterans of 1*12 then follows tbe pi o members of the City Council, bad seen re-of sovereign States, and for or against the pro- tect .on of life aad property iu the common Territo- ries by the genera! government of tbe country. States aremeets our highest approbation; and we trust their ex- ample will be followed in all similar cases.gramme from Sundays HXXAU), which does not reach ceived by his Royal Highness at two o'clock, and in reply to their expressions of regret, and14. Resolved. That the recent rescue of Sherman M. sovereign and regulate their aifairs in their own way Booth, by ten brave citizens of Wisconsin, indKAtive asumph. R:chmond and his sUies refuse to combine with us in a united effort against the supporters of Lincoln. They persist in keeping two democratic tickets before the peope of this State. We hare no alternative but to stand to our rone and make the bt st fight we can.It is therefore recommended that in every county and town which does not already primers a standing com- mittee or a campaign club, the friends of Breckinridge and lane throughout the State assemble oa Thursday next, the 20th inat, or as soon thereafter as practicable, for the purpose of organization. The names and resi- dences of tbe officers should be at once forwarded to the Chairman of our State Committee, and active measures betakenfor bringing oar whole vote to the polls in No- vember la favor of Breckinridge aad Lane. By order tf the National Stele Commit tee.perfect keeping with his baseness when, a few years since, with loud professions of a love of liberty, he volun- teered to light the battles of slavery in Mexico; and that in the light of these facts, the reputation for courage and devotion to right which he has so long held is a reputa- tion obtained under false pretences, and utterly without foundation.In the after part of the session letters were received from B G. Wright, of Illinois; also a set of resolutions from J. B. Dawson, adopted at a meeting of radical aboli- tionists in Martinsburg, Ohio.The President, Mr. McCormick, made some remarks, when the Convention adjourned.T. B. McCORMICK, President.LXTTBB OF GKBBIT SMITH.To rax Pxssiixan or tax LIEXXTT PASTY COS vs> no>, TOus Kxxn n SrxAcrsa, A r e m 29, i860.—Since the autumn of 16*8 I have not gone from home to attend a public meeting. All this time, until recently, my health has been poor. It is sow vigorous. Never- theless, my friends, and probably most other persons, would think it too soon after my entire prostration of both body and brain for me to betakingpart in exciting public occasions.Assembly next winter.Missisarpi.—In the late Mississippi Douglas State Con-vention only seven counties were represented. An elec- toral ticket wax put in nomination, but It is doubtful if the nominees wil; accept. John Calhoun was nominated for elector in ths Fourth district, but it appears that no person of that name lives in tbe district. The nominee for tbe Fifth district announces ia a card that be is for Breckinridge. This is the second attempt of the squat- ten of that State to get up aa electoral ticket.Tax Nsw Jinan- Fcsiox.—The new fusion in New Jer- sey Is upon thefollowingbasis —'•If elected tbt entire electoral vote te to be cast ia such a way as to insure the defeat of Lincoln and Hamlin. It is to be cast for either of tbe democratic candidates or for the Union osastitutional candidates that it will elect; and If it will not elect either, to be divided at the discre- tion and according to the proclivities of the electors, always keeping te view tbe principal object—the defeat of Lincoln and Hamlin.''MAIM ELSTTIO-V —The Bangor Wh.'o has returns from 23S towns, which are reported as follows —Washburn,Tuesday test was s bosy day for his Royal Highness,and] equally so for those who, like myself, went over thesame ground with him. I had therefore little time to do event of tbe day, and presented a magnificent spectacle;GostavnxW. Smith, N.York. P. Mott,Wm. Radford, Westchester. Jesse M. Folk, Kings. Matthew McMahon, Albany.J. A. Green, Jr., Onondaga. Norman Maltby, Oneida. Abram H. Miller, Tioga. Arnold B. Watson, Otsego. J. T Rap ee, Yates.justice to all I saw ia my letter of that date.lit was a pitiful eight, although under opposite circum- stances it would have been a fine one, te watch the thousands that crowded the streets between ten and eleven on that dreary morning—to see them all making for the one point, and that one point the amphitheatre near the water's aide. There were school children mar- shalled In long lines, and dressed in a dozen varieties of costume, the girls with wet frocks and dirty stockings— for before many of them reached the desired spot it begin to rain—and the boys with their trowsers turned up at the feet. There Were citizens and folks from the country of all descriptions, and Sons of Temperancecarrying banners, and rifle companies in sombre garb. These assembled by ths hoar of eleven, in a dense mass, ;n and around the amphitheatre adjoining thebut there were several drawbacks attending :t. Tbe room was built iu tbe form of a parallelogram, aad taste- fully decorated with flags. It was provided w i n lull length galleries down each side, and a separate division on the groundfloorfor supper.The Prince did not arrive till a quarter past eleven, and as dancing did not commence before, he opened it with the Lady Mayoress ax hit partner. Those who had oome early found tbe time drag on very slow- ly. Moreover, the whole building was uncomfortably cold and draughty, and remained so daring the whole evening. Somuchwas this felt that blue noses,attenuated fea- tures, cold bands and occasional shivers ware general. Ladies pronounced it the most unbecoming ball they had ever attended, and the oomplalnt was universal.Tbe Prince was dressed in bis uniform, and, with his asoal penchant for dancing, took part in every danje till the programme was exhausted, soon after four. Then a general scramble for bate, caps sad coats took place, which resulted in nearly everybody carrying away some- body else's garments instead or then* own, despite their being ticketed.THE RADICALABOLITIONISTS,Tltelr Late Nsvtlosutl Comwentloa at ay ra-What 1 have aaid will excuse me for not being at your Convention.BeBeamedthatmyabsencefromitisowing02,633;Smart,41038:Barnes,1,418.Washburn'svoteroyalpavilion,andremainedineagerwaitingfortoeTbesupperarrangementatthisballwasforsuperiortoCommittee was then appointed, consisting of , tfcememben of his Cabinet, aad the Breckinridge W. W. Chapman, of K. T j Sttfttm S. Ibxtsr. of Msss.:As I view things, tbe Convention will do well not to criminating between goods purchased tn Northern citiescall for say great outlay of time and money to increase and those imported directly from Europe to Southern ItadnrasB the start, and maiatalaed it to the end. Owing tbe station, aad cheered him as be alightedmi* aad Its Prwcandfasra- Gerrlt smith,o r News Y o r k , a a d S a m a e l M c K a r l a n d , earthly good, civil government sad tbe Christian churchover Smart 17,396, and over all 15,977. Republican galaover last year 4,202. The remaining towns gave over1,100 republican majority test year. Of Representatives drawn by four horses, passed under ths triumphal arch• f P a s u a s y l v a n l a . t h e A b o l i t i o n T i c k e tIter P r e s i d e n t a a d V i c e P r e s i d e n t — A P o l lElectoralTicketfarNowYork,Headedstand pre-eminent. As the church is tbe union of ail for tbe welfare of each, so also is tbe government. It is true, that whilst the church is to look after tbe entire welfare of allwithmitscare,thegovernmentistodonomorefor its subjects than to protect their person and property. Nevertheless, it is to occupy its narrow range as faithfullyelected, 93 republ icans and 10 democrats are reported. PhUTCAL Rrxoa.—There Is s rumor currenujin Boston tointo the enclosure, where toe twenty or thirty thousand were congregated. Then there was s long and gloriousb y F r e d e r i c k D o n g l a s s ( B l a c k M a n ) ,aad a State Ticket—(taccr Sort of a andthoroughlyas isthechurch its wideand limitlessthsEffectthatthsBostonTravellerisabouttoespousethe cheer,whtebdid the heart goodtolistento,and caase ot Bell and Everett, and Lawrence and Dickinson. his Royal Highness alighted, sad taking hte standItnaybeso. ThsTravellerhasnot yetspokenitsviewsoxTAsrrsa OF TBX PXIXCS. Ateleveno'clockontbenextmorningthe royal ptrtyLetter from Gerrlt Smith—The Radical Abolitionists off Oklo aad Illinois la n o t i o n , efce., d u uin regard to the nominations of the Union party made atleft by special train on tbe Great Western Railway for London, calling at Guelpb and other places »n route HeThefottowiagtewiilutsauiidtobeUeticketthatwin[FromtbePrinciple,radicalabolitionorgan,publishedinachurchandsuchagovernmentareyettobeseen.Tax UmosPAXWSorra.—Last week, says the Marion (Ala.)Amm-an,abetof6500beingmadethattherewere not fifty Douglas totes in Selma, Ala., a thorough canvass of the city wax made, and the following figures ob- tained :+•u d "overwhelmng everything."xxsctios is Nsw HAVE*.—An election for Assessors waxheld in New Haven on Friday, which resulted in the suc-sands assembled in the smpitheatre and its vlcuity. thatItakealivelyinterestinthosemanlysportswhichBromptonandGeorgetownweretbefirststoppingpiacee,be announced at tbe Union meeting. It may vary in s name er two —NewYork,andeditedbyWilliamGoodell,radicalabo- lition nominee for Governor JRADICAL AXOtlTIOM NATIONAL COKYBKTIOS. This meeting convened at Syracuse on Wednesday, August 29, at ten o'clock AM T. B. McCormick. of Ohio, was chosen President; Ellis Clizbee, of New York, Vice President, aad G. W. Putnam and G. L. Brockett, ofNew York, Seeretartex Prayer was offered by Rev. Mr. Gordon, of Ohio.A Business Committee was appointed, consisting of Geo. Gordon, rf Ohio Jas E. N. Backus, of New York Stephen S. Foster, of Matsacauseus; Frederick Douglas, of New York Mrs. eizabeth C. Stanton, of New York, and Cbas. A. Hammond, of New York.A letter of Hon. Gerrit Smith, enclosing fifty dollars, to the Convention, waa then read. Also tetters from Cbas. C. Koote, of M:;bigan, Jjf-Airegg, of New York, George Buctiaoan, of P e a n s x | H | M l a m e s Cat!in, of Pecnsylva ate and L.C. HesJ-TteKA Committee on^BBsB^reras appointed, coasisting ofdistinguish Englandandhercolonies,moreespecially when they are connected with that element on which has beef seen so much ot the glory of our common country. I thank you for the expression of your loyalty and devo- tion to the Queen, my mother, and for your good wishes on my bebxlf.'' At tbe conclusion he was asked to become patron of the club, and consented.Reuben H. Walworth.DHnticr l-*elaa B Strong.S—Wm. Piatt.3—A. T. Stewart 4—D«ab f. Pordy. 6—Reuben Withers^ _ 0—Jan Dspsystsr Ugden. 7—Jaacee Robiasca. 8—Wm. B Duncan S—ecuvemem* Kembie.IS—Daniel B. St. John. 1! —• rna B. Strong 18—William Kent 13—Martin Springer. 14-James KKW. 14—Isaiah Blood. 19—Bsary H.Boss. 17-Iavi C Jodson.AT U M 8Heman J. RedfleM orJames T. Brady.It—Charles Goodyear. l»—George C Clyde, as—John Mann. a—Ambrose * Higgirx. Xi—Lucius B. Crocker.SB—PtoreooMundy.34— John M. Strong.an—Edwit M. Anderson.2B—James M. Pulver.21—Mites Finch.28—Cbartes B. Carrot).29— Addison Gardiner.30—John B. Skinner.31 —Lareeso Burrows.228 143 77 The above figures are not "straws," but facts, and show bow the Brock Yancey ticket is sweeping the State33—William Williams.S3—Stephen D. Caldwell. Cbas. A. Hammond, J.flr^larrmgton and T. L. Carson,nominated for tbe Legislaturetoutyear.Ax AyravixG BBTAPH.—We take from an exchange the men and rushed in disorder around tbe royal suite. Mean tram reached London. Here the reception wax very ea-Address at* the Groast-Tawker Committee,U.-TOXT OT TEX HBGOTIATI0N8 FOB A FtTSlOK—A Bailey, editor of tbe rt* Bmtk newspaper at Newport,bad —Here lyeth ye Remanes or ye Little Giant, who was One man poshed his warforward^withan old ^°raUa, with much gusto, and the iTince re entered his carriage;for tbe purpose of attending to the printing and distribu- tion of tickets, publishing letters, An.Two o'clock P. M. wasfixedon as the hour for nomina- Mens.1 trust that your Convention will make s national ticket and also a New York State ticket. Not that I suppose either will get many votes. But that I warmly desire that the handful who wish to vote in accordance with the claims of absolute rectitude, of justice and mercy, may have the needed facilities for doing so. A man is made better and stronger by voting in tbe way his pure conscience bids him vote; and happy is the influence of his example on those who see him so vote.following inscription on s monument erected over the remains of a ccrtaifi Western Senator, which is not verywhile the wet sc'hssl children were singing two verssi of the national anthem, and tbe royal suite were aaxious to bean--bkt< hte Royal Highness was resolved to see the atariTnotwabstanamg the ^jafortahte suri^undmg..thueiastic, and the display creditable to the town. The royal party stepped into their carriages and drove with- out delay to a pavilion, where addresses Were read by tbe Mayor and Warden of tbe ooanty respectively, to each of which the Prince read a replyV^eers were then givenThe Business Committee then retired, when Mr. W. S.radicate of Kentucky in the hour of trial. then adjourned till half-past one o'clock.The ConventionATTMaXOOK gSSBUKM.Mr. Geo. W. PrraAX, at the opening of the meeting,E~unmi Dutriding been postponed.It spoke well for the enthusiasm aad loyalty of tbe peo- At one time the English duty was reported higher, andvention adjourned hae die, and the National Conventteo resumed its session.Wedo not need to employ presses and lecturers to coo vinos the people that slavery and the dramshop are among the greatest crimes sad abominations Ths people are alCBAXLBX A. HABnosm reported, on behalf of the Baal- ready saturated with this conviction. But we do need toS t a t a a NiAGAXA FAUX, Sept. U, 1S69.Committee, the following rasorattoas:—Whereas, tbe sole legitimate end of all true govern- ment is the protection of human rights, the exeeattea ofThe cheering was immease during Shis Urns. M*is dan, damp aad dreary. This morning the having been restored, Dr. McCaul read aand Vim President of these United States.8. Resolved, That while we regard with unmitigatedabhorrence tbe dogma of the Breckinridge party, that ateves are, by natural law, the property of their masters, and hence to be protected as property in the Territories, still we are sensible that this position te the only one which any can consistently take who refuse to hoist tbe flag of radical abolition, and that we shall expect to see all who BOW occupy the compromise positions of the Douglas aad republican parties, or tbe non-committal platform of tbe Bell party, to ultimately range themselves under tbe piratical flag of the universality of the rights ot slavery, or the only righteous one of the entire extinc tion of tbe monster.tbe lawfulness of Slavs hunts, or sank so low in its views of human dignity and human decency as to see in tbe dramshop a human want The enclosed draft for fifty dollars is my contribution to this ens.IThick not that 1 shall be sorry tofindyour Convention re- fusing to partake of my tone of discouragement. I shall re- joice if it can see encouragement to undertake to obtain a considerable vote at the approaching election, and if it can feel itself warranted to entertain the hope of a speedy overthrow of slavery and the dramshop by tbe force of political action, I stand ready to work with your Conven- tion, even against hope. To work with those who are endeavoring by peaceful means to rid the world of op- premion and intemperance would do me good, and themcourageously, and the lxrd eha.l be with the good.Quite an error wax made to the despatch published in Saturday's HXXAID. It wax the HBRAID and not theLondon Timet reporter who rode for tbe first time in the royal tram. and who does sot care to repeat tbe expari-was then hsnoed to him. asd he at once procwUd to spread some mortar oa the stone. Tbe bu'ldar completed tbe trowel work, and tbe stone was lowered By a pulley. Royally then applied the sauare aad, aiuab, and gvtag tbe stone three gentle taps with a maltet, prroeaar ad » kid, and the Park tesowarated. Dr. McCaul usoa thai3. Resolved, That for abolitionists to vote for a candi- good, and the world good, even if the direct objettofeviluttens commenced by the troops presenting arms. anal! danger, for the Prmce rides with hte while the bands played tbe national aathem, his Royal horses head loose, as it te technically termed, Bighaessmeanwhil) having advanced to the east front ef the platform. They next shoaMered eras, aad forming fours right, marched past him in qxtek step to tbe musicdate like Abraham Lincoln, who stands ready to execute the accursed Fugitive Slave tew, to suppress insurrec lions among slaves, to admit new slave States, and to support the ostracism, socially and politically, of the black man of tbe North, ia to give the lie to their pro- fessions; to expose their hypocrisy to tbe world, and to do what they can to put far off tbe day of the slave's de- liverance.4. Resolved, That the almost inflnitessimal amount of antislavery professions made by the republican party te entirely inadequate to cover or excuse the heaven- defying effrontery with which it proclaims its intentions to " quiet agitation" upon the subject of the slave's right to liberty.6. Resolved, That te refusing to protect the people from the desolating scourges of the rum traffic, where It not only has tbe power, but aa admitted right to do so, it has demonstrated that a party that allows tbe rights of the black man to be outraged cannot be relied on for protection to the white population.a. Resolved, That as rights are not governed by the accident of color or condition, so, too, do we deny that the diflerence of sea causes difference in rights; that woman has as perfect social property and political rights7 Resolved, That we demand at tbe bands of our na- tional government a Homestead bill, which shall notonly leave every landless settler tbe opportunity to acquire a home without money and without cost (save the cost of transfer), but we also demand of it a statute against land monopoly.8 Resolved, That for the present widespread corrup- tion in pablie and in private life, tbe general Indifference to the rights of the weak and helpless, and for the ruin which, as a nation, stares us ia tbe face in consequence thereof, the popular religion of this country is mainly responsible,our work should remain entirely unaccomplished.election of McQatde, the leader of the corruption ists in it is of a rising spirit of resistance among the people. U in the last Legislature of this State:—Cabadk.London (Canada) Correapoadeaee.invitation to return, in which case nothing ahould occur to mar the harmony of the visit, the Prince said thai it pleased him to see them, and was convinced of the loyalty of tbe people, and that the doings of a cer-subject only to the constitution of the United States. Territories are not sovereign, but belong ia oommm to ail the sovereign States.i'lantinp ourselves upon the platform of principlesadopted at the Maryland Institute, Baltimore. m Junelast, suporting Mr, BreJttnritige in all the pas; toes assctnnd by him in regard to tbe important questions nowagiiat r? She country, as express?l in his letter of accepunce, confident that the right is migjtty, we enter, of an iufuriated pro slavery mob, John G. Fee, and the selves to unite ia voting him down. Not a man who was upon this struggle with a full assurance of •it. mate tri-the highest degree encouraging, and we trust that this noble example will be followed throughout tbe land in all similar cases.The republicans of the First district of <meida have re- nominated James McQuade for the Assembly. In doing so they have disgraced themselves. McQuade was one of the number who, in the Assembly teat winter, voted to override the < overuor s vetoes of the '• railroad 3mniLOXDOS, C W., Sept. 13, ISG0.MciffW-Ttit of the Prime— Addreufrom thefiofeiComediantain party were against tbe wishes of tbe majority. HeThe resolution in reference to Cassias M. Clay was then called up, and adopted, &o fonowsi—would blot all unpleasant recollections from BJS memory,15. Resolved, That the recent conductor Cass i us M. bus,' and other corrupt schemes. We hope lie will be Clay in abandoning, and giving up to tne tender mercies defeated; and the republicans of Ftica owe it to them-ya:hi Clvto—liibtrettAng TaJti Race—Enlkutiasm of tainied on returning borne assure Her Majesty of the loyaltyof the cilisens of Belleville; but prior engagements ifeopk—Display r/ Prienaly Societiet—Inauguration of aAew Park—The Pnr*ces Vint to Ou Invxrtiiy—Tr* would prevent bis visiting the town, otherwise he should have been happy to do so. An address from the Town Botanical Garden*—Grand Ball and Fatititiet, 4c., dx. Council was then banded in, and the members sere pre-sented individually.noble band of radical abolitionists in Kentucky, is in identified with that conspiracy should be returned to theto notedinerenceto it. Yours te a Convention in behalf of realizing tbe just idea of civil government. Therefore am 1 deeply interested in it. Among all my conceptions ofarrival of tbe Prince, , But it was not till nearly s quarter to twelve that the open carriage, with the hood over it,that at Montreal, and gave general satisfaction. Tbe mis- take of roping a ptece off for the Prince to dance to, and providing a separate sapper roomfortberoyal party, was here guarded against. Lord Lyons. I am sorry to say, was not present, owing to temporary iadteposm >a.His Royal Highness manifosted a decided objection to tbe Polka Redowa and preference for galoie oa this occa- sion,thelatterbeingsubstitutedfortheformernevery case.one. As the great heart of tbe church Is to be ever con-cern© 1 for the entire interests of all, so is the great powerofthegovernmenttobeever xertedtodefend Worcester. the person and property of all. I need not add that suchin the pavilion, listened to an address from the offi-cers! and members of the Royal Canadian Yacht Club, al]of whom were te their uniform standing oa each side ofthepavilion.Isreply,hesaid—"Gentlemen—Iassureyou wasloudlycheeredonhisdeparturebysevers:thou-Hithertobothchurchandgovernmenthavebeenoppres- sors Instead of protectors. Hitherto false religions, and consequently false politics, have prevailed in all the earth. Tbe day of superstitions and despotisms has not yet ended. That of the religion of reason aad of Jesus Christ—that of the true church and tbe true government- has not yet began. Or, if begun, It is but in the earliest morning twilight. Members of the churcD that now is vote for slave catching and dramshop candidates. It is true that some of them do It with reluctance, and that some of them would not do it at all were they not driven to it by party frenxy. Nevertheless they do it; and that, too, in the face of their high pretensions of regard for temperance and freedom. Every church in toe large denominations will so vote at tbe coming election. Even Dr. Cheever's will. He will not himself, for he has in aandateachalargeportionoftheinhabitaatahadeject- ed to give England's heir a welcome.Guelpb came next, and here a splendid reception awaited him. He was escorted to a pavilion frontxg the town ball by the Mayor and other functionar.es, «no were in full dress. A salute wasfired,nearly a hoiaand children sang " God Save tbe Queen, and addresses acreesented from the town and coun'.y respectively. A Cndsome arch was erected within view, and other deco- rations abounded on ail sidesBe then walked to the rear of the structure, where awide sweep of the lake wax commanded, with the four-teen iirst and second class yachts that were to run to-getherd>awnupforstartingintbeforeground. Hewent animpromptureplyreturnedtoitbyhaRoyalBight**, as far as the water's edge to give the signal for starting,good degree outgrown his religion. But the members ofhis church will, for they still make more account of tbedoctrinal than the practical. They still judge men more jority of about 109 votes. by their doctrines than their practices. He does not,and God bless him that he does hot. As to the governmeat, no more need be said to indicate its character thanthat it licenses dramshops and is the slaveholderXbound.an incident which delighted tbe Germane. At Stratford another address waa presented, and a saiate fired from logs pierced for cannon, there being no metal rune n tbeinto the hands of suitable depositaries In different parts of And, behold, Amsriah, {the chief priest, is over you in pers published in Toronto, upon which he placed thetbe country, whs, in their turn, will give them oat ta the ail matters of tbe Lord; and Zebadlah, the son of Ishmael, same te the cavity In the lower stone, aa at Ottaajs. Dr.half down in thii county, and the deaen in that, who re McCaul then read the Latin inscription oa thefuse to vote tbe tickets of any party.which te so atheistic tbe ruier of tbe house of Jadsh, for all tbe King's matters: plate which was to cover the cavity, and tttteYoar friend, PHTSXBOBO, August 27, I860.GERRIT SMITH.and i the torse should have stumbled his Royal Highness wo- Id undoubtedly have been brought low, and probably brokenfcsneck. Disbrowshouldcorrectthisbadhabit when the Prince reaches New York.At night the Piince canto to Clifton Boose, stripped off his coat, and rolled nine pins for some time. Being informed that a bop was going on above stairs,Noncx.There will be a State Radical Abolition Conventionholden in the town of Lexington, McLean county, DUnois, on the nineteenth day of September (Wednesday), at ten o clock A. M., for tbe purpose of nominating State elec- tors to support the nominees of tbe radical abolition party for President and Vice President of the United States, and also for tbe purpose of enacting a complete organization of tbe party throughout the State for tbe coming cam- paign. It b desirable that every radical abolitionist in tbe State should either be present or send in his name, with post office address. Please address all letters to John W. Marian, acting Secretary of State Central Com- mittee, Lexington, Illinois-JOHN H06AC, IDR J. STOUT, VOttawa,IU.;G. W. BASSETT. JH. H. HJNHAN, Pontine, 111.: JOHN W. M AH AN, Lexington, 111.;Acting State Central Committee. LFIIM TON, 111 , AtgUBt 24,18o0. 'O h i o S t a t e C o n v e n t i o n .Ail who are unwilling, by their votes, to recognise law for American alavery, are, without respect to color, hereby notified Hat there will be s convention of radical abolitionists in Oberim, Lorain county, Ohio, October 3 (Wednesday), at 10•; o'clock A. M.,for the purpose of nominating electors for President and Vice President of the United States, oa the radical abolition ticket, andhe inquiredwhat a bop was, aad expressedBell'....Trr DoogteS Breckinridgecess of the black republican candidates by an average ma-but owing to some mismanagement a delay occurred, andhis Royal Highness, preferring shelter to the storm, re- place. Truly, necessity is the mother of in vent ion.tired under the railway station. At this stage of tbe pro- St. Marya was passed slowly, to tbe music of a thou- ceedings the crowd broke through the lines of tbe police- sand cheers, and at a few minutes past four the rovalPOLITICAL Enrroaa.—Five editors in Michigan have beenL<>ng ago did I become convinced that the Americantowards the Kentucky abolitionists, which, after coaxi- people have not virtue enough to impel them to vote the South, evinces a total disregard of our Revolutionary * !2SA7were hoisted, and, veertox round, they all went off sion. Tbe crowd throughout anted te the most disgrace-offered a reaoluttea denouacag C. M. Ctey ate bis conductcoursewithapartywhoseonly principle is hostilityto ancestry, and is taaaaon to the constitution of toe Unitedm^miaJti Thtt tastant the jibs and foresails of the carriage moved away, and took its place m tbe proces- M n e e t h * itewrrds tbs first busy, near the eastern ful manner. At one point tbe horses drawing tbe royalderabte discussion, was laid upon tbe table, to attend to against slavery and the dramshop. The ballot box, if com nations used to that end, would speedily bring slavery to s peace-C. A H~urao.M> moved tbe nomination of Gerrit Smith, ful death. But the ballot box must be left to serveStates. M „ .Resolved, That ear self respect demands the immediate « d theheavy oreeze bendmg them freely over. The toe people blocking up the way.which, after considerable star nation, waa carried, a very respeotabie minority preferring William Goodell.Samuel McFartean, of Pa., was nominated for Vice Pre- A ooOection was then taken up to defrayslavery, and slavery must betoftto go ont te blood. So,establishment of non-mtercourae; aad we pledge our- fho^sandiTmtBg the esplanade shouted, tbe children sang Tb* cavalry force of ths town acted as tbe guard eftoo, coukt the dramshop be quickly voted to an end. selves to petnaisaand sostain our merchants who buy thprttaorderashore became greater, and his Royal High honor, and their patience was severely tested. However,XevertheteBS, it will be left to msauaotnre paupers, and their goods tn Southern cities In preference to those who madmen, and htesohonen, to fill the land with patronise Northern merchants.peril to paraos aad property; to take bread from Resolved, That, in the opinion of this meeting, thetbe mouths or children, and to break mothers' hearts. Legislature should, at ite next session, levy a tax dis-B*L^nreasing regret that he was unable to await the he reached toe Tecumeeb Hotel tn safety, and dined there ^^pS^T^JT "'y'foliow,d by at half past seven, after which be retired early.Thia morning, at a few moments past niae, be leftby special tram for Sarnte, and returned at Ttio Rivet, of tbe first class, seventeen tons, took the half pant three. Aa immease crowd aasembied atrxeontive rsaasiiillsa, aad bnaaltei by Mrs t C Stanton, of N. V.; Chan. C Foote, of Mich., and Ue vote for iu tickets. I have, from first te test, spent ports. ^ to tae stormy weather, one of the vessels ran aground, asd proceeded to ton hotel opposite la the car-1tebetbedesireofatergeaomberofearT.&Mccormick,ofOhio,asobainnaaTheConventionmuchtime,andteasofthousandsofdollars,inendeavorstwolosttheirbobsadforestays,andwereobligedtoriageprovided.Theweathertebeautiful,and,"theeases tax Pcxrasx 09 TBI Wms AwtKXS.-The Detroit Free return another bad her peak halyards carried away, andt M u a ^ i B ^ ^ ^ ^ B ^ ^ . ^ ^ ^ ^ j _*» i . — -» A a- —. •ssTbur-X sari sWassadlBaBBL. ***^H*|•SBBBBBBBBI W BBBrBwalflnBBBBm la *^**»*"* DsB BDQCs)0CI UusBWaexy*i. ^* ^^^^TM ^T^F s^w ^rs^^ss^aMat % an i e ii^^iaji^a '•# w ^r^^^«*^^r^ ••• IH^Bm •• ^»ry,terwsxsteswithtbeDouglaspartyaaditsaBtes t for President*! electors and State•"u* eortey would wsaraat, te aa eadeavor toauintkii obtest; sax evartaras have bean iasultingly•wb.wd aad the ssasttetleas abtaptly avaaght to aa e »d.for it's bat time axe sapwtuadtyhas bean given to tbe OtaDsngaay orgsateattea to aoasorlaatt te tads Saate tbe votes Brockett, Geo, L of the sa^aasssi of tberepebbcaa party They have re- Olaey Ptece, Jan.*»ted lbs jmsss taaity as they rejeesbd> at tbe Chares Cite CBBhssof nifflaaism excepted, all has gone well Tbe hotels are overflowing with guests, and there is promise oftonight'sbellgoingoffataeeaatly.HOPS.—Tbe Cooperstown (N. Y.) Journal says that the market has been ratherfluctuatingduring the past week.took a recess of half aa bear, wbea a rwaa organized, and Kilie atzbee, of Montgomery, was dtothechair,sad6.W.Putsamt,ofMedians,aadG.tofcincrease our abolition and temperance vote. A littledose in that way woald bar* been weU. Bat I did Prm of tbe 16th teat, says:—It te frequently assertedmuchmorethanwascalledfor.Th»timeaadmoney were at least half wasted, law years ago I was simple enough to hope that by great effort ws oould carry earfour and five thousand dollars la hiring hal.'s, sad in pay--, Geo. W.Putnam, teg printers, and lecturers, he.; and I went to address to the Detroit Wide Awakes ths other any,gave op the race, and several others ware compelled to antbSnkforsimilarreasons. Theseaccidents,asamat- ter of course, caused mash disappointment, sad detracted Irom tbe Interest of the race.buying in the country about ceased. For a day or two ple that the rash to the Park after this wax equal to that nest the speculative feeling appears to nave revivedHortoa, W. F. Sheldon, Zeaas , John P. Balker. Robert Pike, Edwin W. Loomis, W. L. Ly-fifty-fear neettaga sad begged, as oa my knees, said:—thattnebackrepublicanorsaalxatteasknownasthe Wide Awakes, s relic of old Know Nothing times, are designed simply for, torchlight procaasteia_sndsneficandidatesJ. C. Harrington. or forty, or even fifty bassssjaa, I expended between do with elections. And yet Ssaator Wsde, of Ohio, ttibis square proceedings of the day, the rowing Batches hav-abolition sad temperance vote te this State up to thirty other harmless purposes, and have aothiax wiaatsvwr toAn open boat race followed, and this completed theUntitled Documentmett. Th.s changes tbe whole tenor of tbe paragraph, announced to the people the foot, and declared the tetter opened to toe pablie under the name of the Q-ieen'a for tbe London Timet reporter is ooasidered a follower of Park. This was received with load aad prolonged cheer-the royal suite, and enjoys ail their facilities.Am American created teach confusion yesterday by trotting tis horse through the Prince's saite repeatedly, covering tbe Prince with dust sad putting him in no«f- .mi ITAST a r r o w .A review of tbe active volunteer force followed. Tbeseveral corps were drawn up eastward of the stand. Thsbis dissatisfaction that he bad not been toll tooner thatThe prince is delighted with his quarters at Zimmer Royal Highness as a stadent of the University, ra-tion was carried amidst load cheering, after which thsbo knight have a dance. Afterwards, as be was going offThe Chancellor, Justice Barns, then reed an addrtaa of tured him and conducted him to bed.' alter which the former proposed toe enrollment ofto smoke s pipe with one of his suite, General Brace cap- welcome, which was graciously replied.to by the PrJno doubt about the genuineness of the welcome.A large amphitheatre or rustic pavilion had bees erected Inside, with a reserved ptece in ite centre for the royal party. To this they were conducted, aad here aa address from the Directors of tbe Horticultural Society waa read to hte Royal TTIghnsss In hte reply be said, •' I shall be content if the tree which I am about to plant noorwh as your youthful city has already dona" The tree alluded to was s maple, and after It had bean lowered into ite piece, a few spadefnlls of earth were thrown about ite root* by royal hands. He then walked to the tents, where i flowers sad fruits had been placed far exhibition, after a short stay returned to ths gateway, in tbe midst of s disorderly crowd that gathered round, and staled st andfollowedhim to hte carriage, making it a matter of conaiderable difficulty for him to work hte way threagh, and still worse tor hte saite behind. Hte eaarttea red-Fait leaven worth to invite the Prince to give up hte in -Governor John A. Andrew. Amos. A Lawrence. tended bunt for grouse and try to kill a buffalo. Tbe trip nor General, when he reached the carriage.ble adherence to tbe known will of the for- person or by delegates or letter. A full meeting te de- Alderman.Li. Governor.. .John /.. Goodrich.Lincoln. Bell.dened hte face: bat he laughed heartily, with tbs Gover-Edw. Dickinson. Thomas Parsons. Samael A, Eliot. J. Henry Hill.Henry Morris.Douglas.E. D. Beach. Chat. Tbompsm. S W. Bowerman. Isaac Adams. Jas. Easterbrook.Att'y General. . 0 . W. Warren.WHAT TBX RxtTBur-Ass TXTSK OK MCQVAOX—Tbe Troywould occupy about sixteen days, aad give the Prince a taste of real prairie life and adventure. Colonel Marra- derx (|uartere are at the Prince's service, and as Fort 1eavesworth is the gate through which all United States troops pass, the Priacs will have an opportunity of seeing camp life also. He ess stake this trip and still reach New York by the 11tb of October.Beyond the ball and possible levee, nothing is on tbe programme for to-morrow.The Normal school, to which be drove next, was less than half a mile off. so many of those who bad gathered In and near tbe gardens scampered after him to have another glimpse of the royal face. Here the address was presented, the song was sung, and toe bouquets thrown, as mentioned in my test. "Albert Edward ' was also written in tbe visiter's book.Knox's College was afterwards visited, where a simi- lar scene occurred, after which his Royal Bignaeas re- turned to tbe Goverament House. Meanwhile the two or three hundred composing tbe Belleville deputation were walking about the streets with their badges on theirSecretaryTreasurerAuditorAtt'y uenera) . D wight Foster.Oliver Warner. H.K.Oliver. Levi Reed.TBX BAIL.Tbe bail in the Crystal Palace was the nevt greatTbe royal party returned to the cart in the midst of rapturous cheering. Between this and Berlin the party lunched on tbe cars.At Petersburg an address waajpresented tn German. aadcaariage were stopped, and several la Is occurred through u rWm. Shattuak, Thus. G. White, Ira '-OCTSCVOX haal at smltbasxa, therebyteating cpaa as I Elte, Hos^h aa_th, Victor I'ngstey, Jas. 6rea,_9tepbeBSo, there«_* '«W-_•%_ _„ tk...vThiafiU*iitWillOAt/1for votes. Bet instead or getting so many as would encourage as to try the ballot box again, we got so few (bet five to six thousand) as to leave us but tittleI have coBCdeass In the Wide A wak«e, and believe that at the amphitheatre, notwithstanding the rain. Tbe St. somewhat, sad twenty-five to thirty cents <aa he ob-they will guae polls aad uphold the goverament.on ass. Tb«WldaAvrtkes« to surrcnadwww.fultonhistory.comThhGeoriaw and 3L Andrews societies and the Highland Br gade were present ia the neighborhood of the canvass Mvened staad erected near the foundation stone jf theromadts M. Try309 South 4th Street Fulton New Yorkytainedforfirstsorts. It., iTbe weather dariag a portion of ,:Olt» cDfmvf,r»b » A&A r na*n»13069niski 