 8INTEfttSYtNO FROM UTAH.NEW YORK HERALD, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 19, I860,UuveryBia-l am euthrlsed by the seople of this elty and vleWty to extend an mvaanon to the Governor, Bute officers and members of the i.egtelet«re of Virginia, to viatt Boston dwtingiheDreseattetsioo of the Legislature of <Wa State.closedprettysteadyat1081a109for60daysterl- SouthernBanitofGrayvilleOar MacflVtmMSJLU LAMMO n , Mm. la, ISM.TheIdgeToots of the Almighty.****'******** ****************0latureefthisState,lovisitthatcityduringthepresentsession of the Legislature ofthat State :— Borrow.Maaa,Fwb.1,WtJ.SATURDAY, Feb.18—6 P.M. McLean County Bank Merchants'aadDrovers'Bank*a••jTi ITtT jfKW BahtSSB *«* /OHdqtmW fortktMn*withonly $86,000inspecieon freight Exchange Prairie State Bank Railroad Bank....a* Ctopt P/aJtariNteM, ofthe "Pemtimr IntKtutmn'—prominently, null banners with mottoes, such as wisdom, troth, * c , were hung round the ball. Interspersed with arms of every description, making the festive hall resemlm,*Kirjg hills. There is nothing new in money to re- port; the supply continues equal to the demand, and rates remain steady. Bather to the surpriseSUte Bank of IllinoisTotalrecently figured in the position ef government tniorntaat aver the 1draft speculation, a n d a dnUate to Jenkins— not the i, bat the plain Jenkins, a harness maker, i erery body doea net eajey the reputat.on of ob-Punbar, chaplain of theLegion in the General'sstall. •extended. Virginiaand Maasartiiaetu areboundtogether;byoftbepublic,nodraftsontheSub-Treasurycame theweekendingFebruary16basbeenasfollows:—Sec. 8. Any person transferring s servant or servants contrarytotheprovisionsofthisact,ortakingoneoutofthe Terriiory contrary to his or her will, except by decreeef court in case of a fugitive from labor, shall be, on con-viction thereof, subject to a One not exceeding flvs thou- dollar" per annum for a license. sand dollars, and imprisonment not exceeding five years,aaattssi-,as9*. CLsJuresaitA..By sissmssitp Worth shew,on Monday.or both, at the discretion of the court, and shall forfeit all claims to the cervices of such servant or servants, as pro titled in thefourth section of this act.Sec. 9.Itshall further bethedutyofallmastersor mistresses to send their servant or servants to school, not tees than eighteen months, between the ages of six and twenty years.Approved February 4.1852.Responding to a polite invitation from Colonel s u m baugb, the Surveyor General, the members of the Coun-Tbe following is (he roll of honor, a list of RevolutionaryShip Tlrrei! Mer^n, from London for Calcutta, Dee SOhi 6 M, Ion 24 W.Foreign Ports. AwTWf.FF,Feb1—8MFW«UwverOsmobell,Havana.Sid from FluahlEir »»th, New Kngland. Bdge, KOrleuja.BRISTOL (Pill), Keb J— AIT Boot Kruee. kluir. Wflmingtcn, 8 C (and proceeded to Bristol). SM Jd, John Griffin, Part, ffy. mington, N i vBiRCELom,.TaniS-An P»dro,Bochv MYork.Oowss.Feb3-Arr NewYork(ss),VonBanten,NTork(as* proceed»d to Brrmeo).CORK, Feb 1—Sid Nancy, Nowlan, and Tawnsend, Ctiotu, BaltimoreFLEETWOOD. Feb Z-Sld Victoria, Sanderson. Mobile. GLASGOW, Feb 1—Arr Roeeneath Auld. MOrk ArrIntheClyde1st,Rosloa,fromNMetnaGIBRALTAR. Jan 10—Krr Fleet Ea^'e Staples.' fa-NOrleans (beiore Incorrectly reported cid Dih fori'HAVRE. Jan 51—Arr E Greeley. Outer Mobile.CM Slat Marathon, Doyle, and Samuel Locke I fewOrleansLIVERPOOL, Feb i—Arr Hungarian (ss), Portland; BesMs-vis. Ryan, Mobile; 4th, Mary O'Brien, Vesper NOriesaaPut back 4 h J 8 Parsons. Crowell, fir NVork. In CSid Jan 90, Camden. Taliman. Cb vleeton. 31*, S .Emery, snd Olaranc. Houdlette. Savannah; Kstabdts, Rice. Charleston. Lancaster. Decan Philadelphia, Feb 1, Aeiosrat. Burwell, NCrleans; Mackinaw, Hammer, Charleston; Sd,Tan- kee Blade. Burke, do. Bazaar, Stuart MOrieans,CM Feb1,EmilyGardner, Limebuner, andNicholasBis- die. Eves. Savannah; Eliaa BoeeaU. Michael, Ctou*eam;*L Houston.Share.Galveston;JMorton,Gilley,andBootCf/ta- throp. Morvi' e, Ni MeansBut out F eb 1, Clifton, Plmnmer. Charleston. Carrtogtoe, Sumner, Boocbong: Jd, Belle of the Ocean. Chase, Baltimore, Isaac Jear.es Chapman, and Ladv Suffolk. LavenderJJateutta; Hampden, Rtokeu, Charleston Maryland HUlmera NOrtaana Richard S Ely. Uvmgaton,and Montebello. Henderson MYork, Tropic, Nowell. San >rtneiaco and Vancouver's IslandLOHDOU, Feb 2—Arr Suites, Berry. ShtngkesCM Tat Victoria. Anderson. NYork; Anna Ekabshjltorsn, Shields snd NTork; 2d PresiatBt Fil'more, Neleoo. " J *MADBTBA. Jan 6—Arr Abbv A Elizabeth Patoney, MYark (and aid 18th for Gibraltar). If ta, Sutton. Boss, Palermo (and aid for Battnvore Sid 6th, Amalia Savannah.NBWTOBT, Feb I—Arr Tamerlane, Tukaaat, 'Uverpeol for Fernandtoa. . - _ » .NBWCASTU, Feb J-CM Stogshsw. Apslatonjrey*. _ PLTMOCTH, Feb 1—Off, London. Huribnt from London aw"It cannot be argued that there is the slightest leaning toward either side. It is simply a confirmation of pre- vious contracts, and contains provisions for their honest fulfilment. The agreement between t h e master a n d ser- vant ia protected, and both parties a r e preserved from the results of damages on the violation of contracts. Utahhas passed no laws endorsing either slavery or' abolition- lam. Berobjecthasbeentopreserveandprotectthe rights of everybody.''I notice in the HERALD, of the 1st of December, that Judge Sinclair and h is friend Capt. Clay Pate notice at some length m y account of th e execution of Thoa. B . Fer- guson and the dying speech. I have ever abstained from •artisanship, and remember m y first instructions from the BnuiD, which I am happy in believing have never been violated. I know of no instance in all m y association with your.paper that ever a line of m y reporting or correspeneence was questioned.My first instructions from t h e HERALD, in acceptingthe appointment of "special" to another Territory, where partisan miarepresentation h a d falsified everything, were to b e caratul a n d note only facts without bias, and to represent men and things as they were. Such has ever been m y guide in correspondence here a n d elsewhere. I have reserved to myself the right of judgment, and now aad again have observed silence when I have thought thatfer with the leaders of the strike in Lynn.Last evening another meeting was held at LyceumHall. It was attended by at least six hundred persons, theball being full, and, with theexception of a few em- ployers, outsiders and boys, tbe assembly was composed entirely of journeymen shoemakers.1 be Postmasters of California have been directed by the Post-Value ofchum to said servant or servants to the commonwealtb;aad if any white person shall be guilty of sexual inter-course with any of the African race, they shall be subject,•a conviction thereof, to a One of not exceeding one thou-sand dollars, nor less than live hundred, to the use of the the Legislature, not the least important was the repeal ofdiately near it, furnishes all necessary facilities of com- municationwiththecoalandironminingregionsoftheWest. The Idea is, that the armory, when in operation,will command the trade of the whole South in the line of Public deposits tire arms.200 doCITYCOMMERCIAL,REPORT. SATCRDAV, Feb. 18—2 P. M.miles *E from Cape Henry and 10to is Bailee from Hog Ittoad, the Utter bearing W by 8, The vessel had her three tower sailsset,andsettledoveronheraide CaptLsupposedsaa did not sink, but Is drifting about Capt L arrived here hatTerritory, and imprisonment not exceeding three years. Sec- ft. it shall be the duty of masters or mistresses to provide for bis,her or their servants comfortable habita-tions, clothing, bedding, sufficient food a n d recreation; aad it shall be the duty of the servant in return therefor to labor faithfully all reasonable hours, and do such ser- vice with fidelity aa may be required by bis or her mas- ter or mistress.dee.6.Itshallbethedutyofthemastertocorrectand punish his servant in a reasonable manner when it m ay be necessary, being guided by prudence and humanity; and if be shall be guilty of cruelty or abuse, or neglect to feed, clothe or shelter his servants in a proper manner,the probate court may declare the contract between m u - ter and servant or servants void, according to the provi- sions of the fourth section of this act.Sec. 7. That servants m a y be transferred from one mas- ter or mistress to another by the consent and approbation of the probate court, who shall keep a record of the same an bis office; but no transfer shall be made without theconsentoftheservantgiventotheprobate judge,inthe absence of his matter or mistress.the charters of herd grounds. Ex.Governor Young w a s among the extensive grantees, and tbared the same fate with b is brethren. Some bills introduced, supposed to have had the best interest of "Brother Brighsm," were actually knocked cold, and others had a narrow escape of defeat.The various bills emanating from the legislature are scanned critically and minutely by the Governor. To several he has refused his approval, save on condition of important amendments. Among others, a tremendous charterforGreatSaltLakeOty is now undergoing the fiery ordeal of his Excellency's scrutiny. The stumbling block is theextravagant per ceotage which the charter empowers thecorporate authorities toassess In the way oftaxes.Other deposits Rest14,484,676 3,324,479Increase. Increase.404,929 29,344£240,213 1,273,924sustained: sales 6,000 bbls. of all kinds.WHKAT was lightly dealt In and prices firm. CORNWASinlimitedrequestatold figures, 78c.a79%c.wood left at S o'clock this morning la the steamer Uncle Baa, to search of her. The Caas Miller sucaiaed considerable dintage forward, lost jibboom, headstays, had stem epUt oonaiderably, and Is leaking. •LirsRFOOL, Feb 1 - The main and mlxenmasts were takes (rat • of the Endymlnn. HaUett hence for New York, last evening; ber cargo from the forepart of the main hatch aft in uninjured by fire, but saturated with water.4th—Ship J 8 Parsons, Cmwell, heoee for New York, has put back with loss of sails, pumps choked, cargo shifted and very leaky.GOODPASSACR—StopMarianneNottebohm,CaptLamb,henae at xntwerp, made the passage to 18daya, so says the Antwerp Preenrseur ot the 27thuh.Notice to Mariners. WRECSSOTTBAVnesr.Tumrrv Hoovs, IX>RDOR. J s a 80,1880. Nfldee Is aerebv gtven that green Buoys, maraea wtos as) word -wreck,' has beea placed to indicate the puaalnsa of u jvessels sunk off Bewdeev:—One of the said Buova has 10 BMhonaa S8S from the wreak, tn.4%fathomsst lewwater springOdea,wnh Shefottowtngoom- paas bearings:—Bawdsey Church gayOrford High LagKbouse SB Tbe other Buoy lies alao 10fuhinns 8SK from tbe wreck la 4%fathomsatlowwateraprlngudeaandwiththeloUjwingThomas. E. Ireson was chosen Secretary of tbe meeting. tospeakwouldbeimprudentandanevilwithoutanyre- Hethen introduced to the meeting ALONXOG. DRAW,NYork.POBTBRTOUTB, F e b 1—8M America,„ - .. ... Meerman, ineranssn. . _ , _ _suiting good. I have carefully abstained from represent tog mere folly, where the results of that folly did notex- tend to the injury of others, or I might have written you m great deal. For the Judge to assume groat indignation ts only what wasexpected.The report published tn the HIRALD was taken verbatim, aad whatever the Judge might wish to be understood else- where, be could not possibly gain anything by referring to the subject here, where so many persons heard the dying speech and so many were cognizant of the general facts to which Ferguson alluded.Fashions Among the Mormons. GJUUTSALT LAKSCm, Jan. 20,1800.Drtu BnU—New National Anthem—Mor- MQUmy Cutume— Ike Clan of the Legidatitn—RtThe Inhabitants of the "Valley of Epbraim" are still inthe whirling mood, and there is yet no intimation of theand of balls, aad sappers with dancing. The Mormonsaregreatoadancing—verygreat Theward bishops—andthere a r e twenty of these gentlemen i s this one city—badtheirpartiesfirstmtheseason,andsincethateverybodyESQ., of theAVic Bngl%nd Mechanic, at Lynn,who ad- dressed the audience for an hour and a half. He was most enthusiastically cheered on coming forward to speak. After alluding to the causes which bad led to the strike, and the oppression which most of the journeymen of Mas sachuseUs had to complain ef, he said he regretted he was not in a society town, where h e could rouse their enthu- siasm by allusions to battles fought and victories won ia other days.In the course of his remarks Mr. Draper put the ques- tion of a strike to the meeting, when it was unanimously voted, eira voce, to strike, and a petition a s to whether they would agree to the 22d of February, at sunrise, as the timefortheirdemonstrationswasalsodecidedintheaf- firmative, with shouts.WnxiAV SLNI'LAIR, one of tbe journeymen, then made a speechdeprecatingthedispositionofsometoworkunder price, to tbe great detriment of the true interests of all. They did not want to be crushed—it was their own fault iftheywereabused;andhehopedtheywouldtakea lair start and carry everything through manfully. (Cheers.). THSBOOTAXP8HOKMARKET. OftheBostonbootandshoemarkettheReportersays:— "The demand during the week has been fair, and prices are rather more firm. desirable goods are not in large supply,andconsequentlybetterratesareobtained. TheDomestic News Items.LARGS PRICS rOK A SLAVS.—A negro man was sold atpublic sale, tn Thomaston, Ga., one day last week, for the enormous sum of $3,600. His purchaser was shortly afterwards offered four thousand for him.CAPTTRXD AITD Hrsc—Artemus Bennett, who, while under sentence of death escaped from the Shreveport, In-,jail, and was afterwards rearrested in Texas,was bung (say., the Caddo Oaxette) oa the day for which his execution bad been ordered. H e warned all to avoid his example, solicited sympathy for h is family,and expressed a hope of personal forgiveness for h is crime.Obituary.Ex Governor SAMTKI STKVKSM died at his residence InTalbot county, Md , on the 7th Inst, in the 82d year of bisage HewasGovernoroftheStatemanyyearsago.A female slave in Wy the county, Vs., died a few days ago,attheadvancedageof106years.Arrivals a n d Departures. AKRIV AL3.I.ivxRrooi.-Steamship Arabia—MrCohenandlady.DrMovements ofPBOM VCBOPB.Jack Fiost, Thomas. MelbournePEBSAKCR, Feb 1—Oft, Helen M'Gaw, Tucker, iron sewbaa bad a party. There ia considerable unanimity be- manufacturers are notdriving ahead as much as usual,THBHAVANAANDNBWORLEANSSTEAMERS. EMPIRE CWT—Prom New York 2d, arriving at Havana Tta aad New Orleans 10th. From New Orleans iKh, Havana 23d.of the ladies called forth thia observation They were pnei-uvely nebly hot r ot gaudily attired. Tne table was appro-priated decorate a. Over the entrance doer inside, wasthe regimental Banner, with the following inscription.— tneregOnr RIthi •md Correspon*******nrr or nrvt< [Rhinoceros in the Centre]Always oa Hand.Oy'"""*1 'r***Oa the other end of the ball, sit a eitthw, was a splendid Iand Jfcawtrs o/das " fh«y«n-Isf wirir JA****4**************FINANCIALA N DCOMMERCIAL.HS LBTCRSS, Governor of Virginia:— Aroundbothwerecatienalbags,starsandstripes; Bon.Jonse •• •as tlafc—J»*w Bmtlwr a m i the nferstow ble, somewhat, a decent looking armory in older countries. * hope, for many reasons, this Invitation will be seriously The dancing waspreceded by prsyer, offered by Colonel entertained and favorably acted upon by.those to whom U isThe movementof the anthracite coaltradeforditties seemed to be in particular favor, andwas theirUvea,thephilosopher01MostieelioanddiesageofQutncywhilelayingtoInabethe galley overboard, i 66,307 18 48,264 04 11,774 08 8,720 12 moveabiewlng 'united aa it were in one stream the hallowed memories of their Hard Road to Travel." There Is a river of that name eventful Uvea, and both together, on the same day, onIke greatbear jobbers, and a decline produced in most de- scriptions. At the dote of the day the marketlung b y Colonel McAllister, to tn e air of "Jordan is aTotalNet increase.running north to south, about a mile and a bah*to the west of this city, over which the army had to pass in marching to Camp Floyd. The song embraces the prin- cipal Hems inthe"Utah war,'andgave sarcastic promi- nence to the federal officers, and the officers of the army who bal in any waymade themselves distasteful to the citisen?—they were all sent over Jordan. I could not pos- sibly obtain a copy, and possibly it is as well unpub- lished. The following national anthem waspreparedfor, aadsungontheoccasion,tothetuneofthe"StarSpan- gled Banner":—On. see ! on the tops of the mountains unfurled, lbsensignofpromise,ofnope,andsalvation;From their summits how nobly it waves to the world, And spreads ha bro«d told* &er the good ef each nation.A •i*nal of light for the lovers of rightTo rally, where truth will soon triumph In salght:'Tie the ensign o f Israel, streaming abroad. Aad ever shall ware o'er the people of God.By i n angers strong band to the earth It was brought From the regions o f glory where long It lay folded;And holy ones here, for the arduous work taught.By the priesthood unflinching and faithful upholdit:Iti crown pierces heaven, and Hwill never be riven, Till the rule of the earth will to Jeaua be given;For the ensign of Israel Is streaming abroad.And ever shall wave o'er the people of God.'Tta the emblem of peace and good will to mankindThat prophets have sung of when fired by the spirit; AndatokenwhichUodhasforIsraeldeajn'dThat their seed may the lands of their lathers inherit, stany nations will say, when they see Itsbright ray, To the mountain of God let us hasten away;For the ensign of Israel Is streaming abroad, And ever shall wave o'er the people of God.Its guardiasa are sending their ministers forthTo tell where the latter day kingdom ia founded,And invite all the lovers of truth oa die earth- Jew. Christian and Gentile—to gather around It The cause will prevail, though all bell may assail,For God bas decreed that His work shall not fail; Oh' the ensign of Israel is streaming abroad. And ever shall wave o'er the people of God.Brigadier General wore military blue coat and pants. Three rows of buttons on coat, twelve in each roW, in pairs: gold lace trimmings; pantaloons a s worn b y Lieut. General; gold epaulets.Colonels—Three rows of buttons on coat, ten in each row, equi distant; silver lace trimmings on collar and cuffs of cost; pantaloons as corps, wi|h. silver lace stripe; silver epaulets. ^*\,Lieut Colonels—One row; twelve buttons on coat, in pairs; other trimming on coat, and paota same as Colonels; s i l v e r e p a u l e t s . \sabbath of America, passed gently through the gates of death to a glorious immortality. . States thus joined, bound together in th e same volume o fmemory and history, cannot be, must not be sundered.This whole community will give to our friends from Virginia a hearty and cordial welcome, and thus, I hope the bond of our or ramon friendship may be made strong and our mutual con-8,088 18The Milwaukee and Mississippi road earned dur.* * r T P GodSehr Wanonsa, Morris Smyrna. Del. 1 days.Sear Alabama. Irrm, Statins, Del, 2 days.Sehr Fred Hail, Russell. Frederiea, Del, 8days.Sehr T S Greer. Dusborongk. Frederiea, lieLldaya. Sehr ra^h^a7H?rahe«!!' Frederiea'!' DeT fearsVtoartTP--'-SclpCambria(Br,ofGreenoek),fromGlasgow,wasbe 16th,46mileshiofSandyHook,bypUotboiuGw'Bluot,MoTfWindduarinags«kedaysWaV-oatotoelasHook,BB-wta\sne*Majors—One row; ten buttons en coat, equidistant;silver lace shoulderstraps; trimmings aa corps on collar and Ballard House, a few nights ago. In honor ef his beau-.86 91% 300CbiftRI RR.... W% 9 1 % 6 6 0 d o 6 2 % .816 91 100 do 860 62% 62%andculls;pantaloonsascorps,andfineeloth;silverepau- lets. 1Captains—One row; nine buttons on coat,in threes; other trimmings s s Major; pantaloons a s corps, floe cloth. Adjutants—One row; nine buttons on coat, equidistant;tifulandaccomplisheddaughter, whoaccompanied him during bis stay here. Both were the gaests of the State whileinthiscity,andIamsurenothingwas left undone to render their stay pleasant and agreeable.Totalreceipts—For customsTotal paymentsBalanceTreasury notes received for customs during$186,44763 152,000 00 104,987 73.810 91% 100 do.860 91 7NJCenRR 102The work on the State Armory, for which tbe legisla-vants, and bis, her, or their children, the probate justice other trimmings as Captain; pantaloons as corps, fine ture recently appropriated $600,000, will soon be com- theweek86000 do s30 80% 1000KYCbdB1878 99%3C00 Goshen b ch be 55 1000 20 she NationsBank 103% 300 60 Pac Mail SS Co... 91 50shall record thesame, and themaster or mistress, or his, herortheirheirsshagbeentitledtotheservicesofthe said servant or servants unless forfeited a s hereinafter provided, if it shall appear that such servant or ser- vants cams int.) the Territory of their own free will and choice.cloth.Second Lieutenants—Coat a s corps; silver lace shoulder-menced. IaminformedthattheintentionIstoenlarge the present armory, which is located on one of the most favorable sites for such a building it would b e possible to select It stands on a neck of land intervening between the James river and the James River and KanawhaTheArabiaarrivedto-day,withdatestothe4th. Most of the news has been anticipated by the Prince Albert. Thedrainof goldfrom the Bank of £ng"50* do 200 do The return from the Bank of Englandforthe 200 do100MSoftNIag8k830 14% 200NYCenRR 71%COLUSMB—Thefollowinglaacorrectreportrelativetothe colUatonof achr B 8 Johnson aad brigChas Miller:-Norfolk, Feb 1 6 - Messrs Johnson A Htontoa, New Y ortt-Oentlsssta: Capt Lock wood, o f the sehr B h Jebner n, telegraphed yea net night of his disaster, and has requested meto inform you of the parttoulara O n T uesday night last, a t 10 o'clock, blowing a strong breese, very thick, dark aad rainy, ths brig Cats auEavS, of hoaton, from Cardenas, whfa augar and molasses, bound to ; your port ran Into the B 8 Johnson, striking her between the /straps on right shoulder; pantaloons as corps. The session of the Legislature terminates this71%evening, and hurry and bustle as usual, in such bodies, characterizelandappearedtobesubsiding.per's Ferry Armory, while the canal, running imme- week ending the 1st of February gives tbe fol-830 90% 16090% 60 Harlem RRBee 4. That if any master or mistress shall have its close. With the history of former legislation I am not canal, and at a point where the water power isaaxuaJ or carnal intercourse with bis or her servant orservants of the African race, be or she shall forfeit all been interesting on account of free and animated discus-sion, on every subject introduced. The majority were new members and have not appeared inclined to adopt thequietandeasycustomsoftheirlaw-makingprede- cessors. Among other matters of Interest brought beforefeet greater at this point than* is commanded at the Har-90 600 Reading RR.. .830 4089% 150 Gal ft Chi RR.... 87X fore and main rigging. The sehr at that time was abouta)at allfamiliar. The session now drawing to a close hss most efficient. The water has a rail of twentyA beer and liquor bill has been on the tapisfor several days. It almost amounts to a pro rn ts of the State.869,370 The amount of notes in circulation is £21,906340. being an increase of £279,460; andthestock of bul-lion in both departments is £14.942,502, showing a decrease of £616,594 when compared with the pre- cedingreturn.With regard to American stocks Satterthwaite s a y s : —POSTAL DIRECTORY.Foreign amdDomestic Malls. Tim or OLOsnfe AT TBBraw <TOBX omen.Doaratmc...l«orte^AlrjMy1Bsda>toandOaaada Kortfc and West war manprotect the ale and beer breweries around Qamp Floy a amount of from eight to nine millions of dollars Tbe Oldsnaisa.."?.^.^"T^.BU A.at.and4%T.K.fromMormonpredjudices,andheclaims anexceptionin their favor, so that the army may swill down the malt at pleasure. TheMormonsaredetermined,however,to make them pay a trifle into their treasury, and refused to adopt H is Excellency's suggestions, save on condition that they would pay for each establishment three hundredDominion Is in a fine condition to bear this burden, for I believe ber finances nave notbeen in as favorable a con- ditionsincesheinauguratedherinternal improvement system as they are at present These appropriations will not necessitate the increase of her taxes by one cent.P.M.cil purpose paying a visit to his chambers to day. A < soldiers supposed to be living, and pensioners on the rollsimilar invitation totheRepresentatives will be answered tomorrow,itissaid,byagrand marchandcallofthe whole body, while th e Council more modestly wait upon the General in pairs and trus.oftheStateofNewYork,withtheiragesin1850—Tbe Shoemakers' Strike ACTION OF THE HARBLEHEAD SHOEMAKKKS. From th e Boston Traveller. Feb. 17.93 t» UU fir.no movement this week1 believe that the publication of this act at the presenttone is to prevent the purchasers of "niggers" from takingthem outof toe Territory against their will—some suchcase having recently taken place or been attempted. TheAfricans here have, I believe, a marketable value ofabout $800; but from all I can see of them, they seemquiet and orderly men, From a lengthy editorial In theMountaineer, accompanyingthisact,Tquotethefollow- tobereadytostrike,acommitteewasappointedtoconing— »QBAHAMASSLAJTOS..Onthedayafter thearrivalat eashalter- •ate Oanard peeks* at thta port, beana-aneee month, the steamer Karnak will be despatched with main for th s Panama lattnas to be BandedTbe journeymen shoemakers of Marblehead held a meeting last Saturday evening at the Town Hall, to con sider the subject of the strike. Al>out three hundred were present, and as a feeling seemed to be manifested to unite with the journeymen of other cities, understoodSchenectady county 06 Now in Erie county, Ohio... 03 06 03 100HAVAKAat Nassau. M. PB j steainahn) Quaker tClty. on Satur-The prices in Marblehead, w e a r ebeen reduced so low as at Lynn, and, in consequence, tbe excitement there is not so great Most of the prominent and most intelligent journeymen, however, favor the strike, a n d express their readiness to promote its objects by every honorable Influence or exertion.At th e meeting last night three cents admission fee w a staken to pay expenses. It was called to order by Wil-liam Lecraw, chairman of th e last meeting. He openedthe proceedings with a short speech, advocating thestrike as the only means by which their rights could bevindicated, and as one of the duties incumbent uponthem a s working men—the true nobleman—depending o ntheir own Interests. He was loudly cheered by the au- Oliver Stewart2utb. /7m, viaSonthampton.CHUA, A s . Via Marseilles on the 10th and 26th. V * Southdience.Mr. DAY, from t h e committee appointed t o confer withthe Lynn strikers, reported, giving a synopsis of their pro. ceedings, a n d ending with a n announcement that they had fixed upon the 22d as tbe time for the strike. (Cheers.)NicholasG. Vender Cornelius Wallace Daniel Waldotold, havenevertween Jew aad Gentile. They seem alike terpsichorean but are paying more attention to the quality of their Duooasett, T Creich, C Uieronimus, F Campbell, Dawson. W per cent. The negotiation or four and six months paper»J UBTIL1TvTRrjs'cUBMrO BR aJ*DRBTH'8 Puis and AlkaloM ofIbeing their concentration to their ekmeata, are atadtor to .•truck, and, fortunately for peace sake, have concluded work. The strikes and rumors of strikes have contributedtoenforceafirmerfeeling,astheywillonlybeableto hers,Sheppiird.Dowey,Fox.Simons,EKdwarda,GMcto keep u» their ow n tampers. While it would be aa ex sell at higher rates, ITthe strike becomes more general; Donagh,.) K Baatett, A S Bateman—Total 46.arrivingatNewYork23th.vegrublesusedbymanforfood.Tbeyaresubjecttotat****••***wasteofholiday time,andofyour valuable > to devote pea aad ink to a notice of the balls gene-rally»**•,lareseateareunionofthe"Echo Kanyon"baa yetbeen pnbaahed.and.atanyrate,itisbesttobepreparedfortheworst Weherereiterateourstatementthatthe only wayfora striketobesuccessful isforatleastonethirdofthe jours to seek other employment; tnis coarse would not onlybenefitthemselves,but tbemanufacturers. There are, in the single tows of Hopkinton, 600 m en who have not, ss a whole, earned the same number of dollars for two months, and the manufacturers are getting out all the work they areinclinedto."Army Intelligence.By orders recently issued from the headquarters of thearmy, a general court martial will convene on the 26thu-stant at Carlisle Barracks, Pennsylvania, tor the trialofLieutenantIsaiah T.Moore,Firstdragoons. Thefol- l o w i n g o f f i c e r s a r e d e t a i l e d a s m e m b e r s o f t h e c o u r t : —Brevet Lieutenant Colonel Daniel T . Chandler, Third I n f a n t r y .BrevetMajorW.T.H.Brooks,Thirdmfantry. tnptaln John A. Whitall, Fifth Infantry. rv£5^l5*,x»? *•*•*•!Tfcbrdartillery.SSX J***«••Pshner,Secondcavalry. cleats V0 "1 ** *•*•» Mounted riflemen.HAMBURGUD SOCTHASPTOH—Steamship Borussia—Jacob Mendel, U Weadl, A Bornemann, F liacbcop, CVoge,W Duatigmacbes and lady, A Schuirdnage, J Losehberger, A Bebrendt,afAecber,HOHernhorst,GRudolph,MuWendl and family. W Sleveklng. K Helnsberg. T Olemberger, R SchmidtaedUdy.JAKohl.AMBeia,Sfleio,GOehiweim and lady. ¥ Ketzerow, 8 Hartwig, 0 Ornsenlck, C Gebhardt, J Widderui, K Beck, J Muiler.DEPARTURES.LiVSRFOOLARUQCEISSTOWM—Steamship CityofWashing- ton—Charles Demoulin Eugene Soto andson, -Tnim vi...»Madame Anigter. Madame Jonxeois and child TFerret8 Galllo --_ ,..AmOMtOERaymond Tenrenyre, Henry Fairfax, Paul Geroutiilt, Robert Byte* GeorrtTwilies', Hatcher andlady, J.M Soureyro, I—sra-e~3l1. W..-a.lt-e«. «. niissan v. J. A Coughs V.Baughton, Anthony Beam,Samuel Brown, Andrew Pains- and ISO in the steerage. Total, 144.SAVASRAB—Steamship Augusta—Jno Nelson, hussOrntbu sen.MissBuekner.WWBegtABCoyKendall,OhssKnee- l a n d , O B W e l l s , M r a n d M r s B l a n e a r d , W m C a m p a n d n i e c e ,(tbe4th).The disturbances experienced throughout tbe week originatinginthebulliondrain,naveunquestionablybeen greatly promoted by the restrictions under which the Lombard street and other money dealers now lie. With the approach of a pressure they are compelled to call In all their resources as rapidly as possible, since they know that the Bank of England declined to aflbrd them any as- sistance, no matter how good maybethesecurities which they may offer.Thetightnessoftbemoneymarkethasgivenanimpor- tant check to the efflux of gold, ©n Monday £76,000 was !?^e n J*0 1 1 1 -, 4 * b M l k tor exportation; on Tuesday, £80,000; on Wednesday, £80,000; on Thursday, £11,000 and this day, atX The demand for gold for the Continent to-day was languid, but It Is not impossible that a partial revivalmayerelongbewitnessed. ItIsprobable,how- e v e r , t h a t t b e t i g h t e n i n g o f t b e m o n e y m a r k e t h e r e m a y afreet the American exchange in a sense favorable to this c o u n t r y ; a n d a c h e c k h a s a l r e a d y b e e n g i v e n t o t h e d r a i naadNewOrleans19th. FrontNewOrleans27th,HavanaSOth, arrivingatMewfork3dPHILABSXTHIA—Prom New York 17th, arriving at Havana EMandNewOrleansESth.PromNewOrleansMb,Havana Blh, arriving atNew York 13th.Da ROTO—Prom New York 27th arriving at Havana 1st and New Orleans Ed. Prom New Orleans 12th, Havana 10th, ar- riving atNew York 19th.QUARBS CITT—Frost New York Feb 25, arriving at Havana March L From Havana Feb 16, arriving at New York Feb 19- KARJIAK—PromNewYorkforHavanaviaNassau,NP,anlbsarrivalofeveryalternateCanardsteameratMewYork. M B—When the above dates fall on Sunday theIncorporatedintothecirculation,theyimparttoIkeweo*sew vitality,whichoccasionsittothrowoutanytotparataiton)a* Boweto. which organ expels them _ ^ . -Bowsimple,yethowwtos,areallthelawsefatrbskta.Aet- afew grainsof »egeta>leeriuwueamirgtounisonwiththeselawss ' "*— s remove the annt MrBBscomposing the Brandreth Puisit meet subtile virus or ato s wW U I w t o **" • **»."<»thiamoreparticularlyas 1 beneve oo descrlpuon ef the Utah military gentlemenVOS?1Mtm —«»• Attks • •«eian-A.-.-J *_ —.i,,, - _ ^sawsuamflgajf^m w6r4, DOV-1 Wells and staff w . r , T m r Z T r t e s t s ^ l * ; mannasallyand peramml'Sd^t^J f r o m a a a w e n a f t o t a a a n a e t a r . „ " ' PT^% A<*i«t*nt General' G e n e r a l G r a n t , B r i g a d i e r G e n e r a l K i m bail,ITSgenerals,thirteen colonels,fourtieuteaaatcoio- asJ*, fhiTtosn majors, tea captains, and beuteaaata to Thecourtesiesoftheocoaatonwere 1toanothergentlemanonaccountor unable to Hi the invitation•ail an Monday, except from Maw OrleansAUSASAO ran raw roan— last BAT. I 49IBOOSTBates$100-PROCLAMATION.> Wonderful atedtoal eures by thePBOPE8COE DE GEaTHfl BLBOTBIC OIL Oaataaaadbeastof coarse, never limited inUtah; the invites ILfLP' •«.BaOrtt 842 eve 7 14i acquainted withof "thw people'' t o o more I a a astonished a t th etheaoctoJpo ef coastals they have gathered around them,$20,263,109 WereadintbeChicagoPressofthe15th:—i tx.• «tok!y benvoo—UteraJly chased at the point of theBayv>Bet-4ho distance from supplies, their freqoeol losses«jrrard, Second cavalry, will aet as Judge Advocate of theCaptain Tredwell Moore.statedyesterday thatt h e BankCommissionerso fby'pnwaneppere, criekess, storms sad the "war,' it la bypnsaaeppere,eneSenx,-UevedfromdutyatFort&reoeh tKw££ ' £ ' V * deLo!Ruieistdchild, PBaimaa, BI.8uriwood BJohcao?Brie:Bnpsre,MMer.Oalveaton-Waketnan.DlmonAOagantn»inwere, of enure* moot the appearaaosU^i°rA U e n 'lBouimger;Pfpiee J Spies Miss R Holt, Dod C Kee? L i«.• » — **•*-- —•-•--• ? - ? - ~— . *»*»*, wi'-b«?raw a correspondingBrig Mary Supiea. Maples, Apalaehloola—Oakley A Keating. Sear Bed Eagle, Brown, Savannah—D O Murray.Sear Alva, Anderson, Bavaaaaa,mmumij!«>*>"«fatal maladies, curing alike the>easy that they everyr day B*«C &1 tttS! ?£ Gibeon, Second artHlery.dra*oon-Steamship Yorktown, Parrish, Norfolk, A c -Ludlam A HaV aveken.Ship Magnet, Blag, Hong Kong— Cary A On.Ship Moro Castle, Tfnowfes, Apaiaehlcola—J W Dwell A Co. Bark Texana, Brand IndianoiBark Sarielie, Cole, New Orleans—W Nelson A Sons. BrigJWHarris,Rathbun,Malta-DRDewolf.Brig A D Gamage (Br). Bins, Aus Oayas—Wuson A B)Brig O r>owB*a,I>unean,8t Pierre—MeteaIf A I>uneaa.Brig a pugg, Rnmball, Mttanias ftosan. Jones 4 Ob-1 do not propose to earscurable by any nrsnbrnsnontrie Oil operates on BBBBIIBtherefore, applicable to the cure or nalural organic arrangement ariatag ftamrriTkil flold. IwantthemissestoJotstoIbeeause if these things are ao, all are aaha lastai ISM" _ - M N. B—Please lniorm Badof aay ease of failure to SB#a- from hatt an hour to three weeks aslwtohto earscreatrsiDepot, PhOaeVlpato, ^Par asto by BARNES A PARE, U aad 1*Park row, 8B» all Snaggjets aad Seel era.PricelSe.. s o * and f i par bottle. (Mass enlarged.f??•?»!S&S5m2b£Fmorning were $978,583 71.70, andt h ebalancesSecon underwhichtheysame Lieutenant~ 2****Seconddragoons.Iuntenant John ad cavalry.Qnarteritvat*er*sDei)art»e8TMasaeB»ta«lay, 4cTS©e,WmRodger* JMRiley.*ee*,j,i«-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069b e .the .~ ,BKBHOKO,Invttotirm from A s People 0 / fission ami Tktm§M * * i«*4$1Vesemer, StaieVfficen0/ Firpwn mrtrdflgshm.:::::::::::::: "88 1,M18,681 11.949 M T O 1,808M«li^rre1,76* 1,491 S,034.. 1,000 .. 2,028 8,290 9308.$98 638n *AmwemQtmfmtmflansjOsrs0 / Mr.The' fcllowiog invitation from the people of Boston and vtcinitybo aoiner—red ground with gilt letters—r ,*******> to the Oovemor, State officers and members of the Legis-Grand Prairie Bask GrayvilleGovernorsent t oLegielainreto-day ttwmany pleasant and memorable historic recollections They weresettlednearlyatUsesametunefromthesamecountry; together they struggled with hardship and privation; each rs- monttrated against me oporesslvs acts of she mother oountry.tohandthismorningfromWashington.There was a fair amount of activity in the stock.-—# —TM "*——W v—esawosai—aBBSBSSJ»jajMSSI Brig abbs Thaxter (of Bangor), fatathetableandbeprinted.bilityoftheinvitation being accepted, and butlittle,if any, further action being had upon it. The fact of its emanating from tbe citizens of Boston and vicinity, and not from the Legislature of Massachusetts, renders the prospects of its acceptance hopeless; and its acceptance would b e httie leas s o even if it emanated from tbe Legis- lature. N o n Intercourse, socially a n d commercially, i« now tbe order of the day in Virginia. So strong does too current of public sentiment run In this direction that itwould be unsafe for any m an or class of m en to attempt to breast i t Such a policy would result In their political rum; andhence I find all publicmen IntbeStatecau- tiouslyavoidingeven a semblance ofoppositiontotbe non-intercourse policy. This policy will be enforced in every legal form consistent with the provisions of the fe- deral constitution o n t h e subject o f interstate trado, n o r will individual exertions be backward in giving ituactt-$102^48 29$214,778 28 3,686,812 00 8,628,78000801,536 6 0T h e L o s t o f t h e R e v o l u t i o n a r yA r m y .Mycrdnr,p H BEBTHON, ftooretatg. S p o k e n , &c.Reuben H1UBenjamin MillerNow in Lake county, 111....circumstancesanimmediateadvance intheratewasper- ceived to be inevitable, and on Monday a decided pressure set in at the discount office of the bank. Tbe banks and discount establishments, foreseeing impending stringency and a rise ia tbe rates, were much more anxious to call tn than to lend out money, whilst tbe mercantile public wereimpelled by similar considerations to apply ton a large amount of accommodation.DuringMonday,too,thedisturbance extended tothe Stock Exchange, the Bank of England and other bankers throwing large quantities of government securities upon the market for immediate delivery. The pressure at the discount office determined that action on the part of the bank, which had, perhaps, been already too long delayed. At eleven o'clock on Tuesday morning (an unusual day for such an announcement), the Bank of England notified that the minimum bad been raised from 3 to 4 per cent. This vigorous step was received with general favor, tbe more es- pecially as It is believed that, should the protection of the bullion demand still more stringent measures, they would be adopted without t b e slightest hesitation. The immedi- ate effect, nevertheless, w s s a great, though only tem- porary agitation in tbe discount market, which reached its climax on Wednesday. The position of affairs on thatday wasextraordinarilydisorganized. Itwas onlybya kind of favor that, in most of the ordinary channels, bills could be negotiated. The Lombard street discount houses wereoccupied in preparing for tbe possible demands of their depositors, and generally withheld accommodation alto- gether,except to regular clients Inthecountry, whose interests might be seriously compromised by the refusal.As it was, numerous parcels of bills were retured to the provinces. Paper, however good, having more than three months to run, could scarcely find takers. T h e pressure for money at the bank on Wednesday, consequently, at- tained a degree of intensity which hasnotbeen witnessed for many months. Nearly tbe whole money business oftbemarketwasturneduponthebank. Theresult shows that the demand wss partly dictated by a fear that a fresh advance in the bank's terms might be de- cided upononThursday(yesterday). Hadtheap- plicants continued to press with equal impetuosity foranother twenty-four hours, they would probably havebrought about therealization oftheir apprehension. Yesterday, and to day, there has been a marked Arago. subsidence of the agitation. A well grounded con- Jura fidence in the stability of the general commercial position ofthecountrybascausedanimmediate improvementName.ResitUnct.Age.rsb. aoBy steamship Canada, oa Tuesday.Feb. Si 1%ai P.M.t h eV s., Fob.10,1880.Thoughstrangetous"barbarians,'*itseemedasincerematter of faith with them, and 1 verily believe they leltmore liberty in their spirits to dance and to enjoy them-selvesthantbeyotherwisewould havedone. Habitand andwhenforbearanceeeasedtobeavirtue,bothwerefound market this morning, and prices atthe LehighVal.RR...14,20712 9,100076,10106 — faith are great things. About three o'clock in the morn- ready to strike united blows in defence of common rights. It Del.L. ft W.RR(N) 2,866 10 4,798 19ing the ball terminated with Mayor Merrill, a Connecticut was onr Adasss that called your Washington to the post of first hoard showed a tendency to advance.Sear Beware, Las ianus, Newborn. 8 *— 1,482 09 Sear Oregon, Williams, Washington, N(J,7days,witk(;themarrmgavowandBeepinganorderlybouse.gentleman,returningthanks.Duringtheeveninghighestboner.ItwasyourWashingtonaadotherVirginiansBetweentheboards,however,themarketDel.L.&W.RR(8)12,976178,048084,93114 — Ac,tomaster thatcameteourrescuewhenBostonwasinpossessionofa Bba.V.ftPottsRR.1,48908 90901 86007 — SearLoseStar,Ryder,NorfolkforB«Jenkinsnotpossessingthegiftof"mindingbisownbusi ansa," asthe Mormons wools nay, was particular in ex- ateatot himself ilasegreeably about Brewer's domicile, aw which \ b e atfuriated a n d doubtful Brewer bad recourse »• Con—nerrlbte Cert. FarUtnataly Jenkins is smarth* bands as wan as with bis tongue,l"Kas the leaden messenger bad Just thought •i rtaHSag for bis person, the happy Jenkins knocked down the band of h a deadly enemy, and the ball lodgedto the planks of a store instead ef In the body of Mr. Jenkins. Brewer is now locked np In the re- flecting calaboose, and has some obscure Idea that his affairtnthebogus drafts wnotinhisfavoratthisparti eular junctors of his existence. It is not unlikely that JasLce Qiaton wiH pile it on to him.Tea will, no doubt, remember that during the "Utah difficulty " among other placea proposed for the Mormons was the Malay Islands. Captain Walter M Gibson, a na- tive of South Carolina, who Issome wayorother interest- ed ia-the islands, is here a t th e present time. A week ago be delivered a very interesting lecture in the Seven toes' Council Hall.The Captain sketched in brief a number of YWJ large Wanda—Borneo, New Guinea, Sumatra, Celebres, Java— aad glanced at hundreds of minor ones, which compose the greatest Archipelago la the world, dividing the great eeean into the Indian and Pacific waters.Aa the Mormons have heretofore been very careful in abstainingfromthepublicationoftheirsentimentsonthe"Bigger question,'1 I forward y o n a n extract of their Ter- ritorial law on the subject of servitude here. I may pre- cede it b y statmg that there a r e said lo b e n o t more than twenty, or from that to thirty, of the African race in the whole of the Territory.A* ACT Dt BSLATIO* TO SSSVICS. 'Bee 1. Be it enacted by the Governor and Legialative Assembly of the Territory of Utah : That any person or persons coming to this Territory, and bringing with themaervanta justly bound to them, arising from special con tract or otherwoe, said parson or persons shall be entitled to suah service or labor by the laws of this TerritoryProvided, that be shall file ia the office of the probate e s w t written a n d satisfactory evidence that such service •r labor la doe.See. 2. That the probate court shall receive aa evidence any contract properlv attested In writing or any well Lroved agreement, wherein the party or parties serving are received or areto receive a reasonable compensation for his, her, or their services : Provided, that no con-tract snail bind the heirs of the servant or servants to s e r v i c e l o r a l o n g e r p e r i o d t h a n w i l l s a t i s f y t h e d e b t d u e bis, her, or their master or masters-See. 3. That any person bringing a servant or servants, aadbis,herortheirchildren,fromanypartoftheUnited States, or other country, and shall place In the office of the probate court the eertincate of any court of recordanderseal,properlyattested,that he, she,or they are eauUed lawfully to the service of such servant or ser-severalsongsweresung. Oneofthe"EchoKanyon" Britisharmy. Formanyyearsduringtheclosingperiodof was severely attacked by some leading Hunt&B.TopM.RR3,62800 2,33600 1,19100 — SehrTunisRodlne." "mThereianotaremote proba->tW ^ question la a t a dead lock in tbe Legislature. So far as I can ascertain, that body Is200 6060 100 60 815do- •••..b30 134cal effect.Tbe SouthernConferencel»2|a93;Missouri6's,804aJ;CantonCompanv, 70Metropolitan Bnk 10816| a 17; Cumberland Coal, 154 a i; Pacific Mail, 10 Market Bank . . . . 100 160do do d o do do do030133%810 133% from NW, the rudder twisted aad sprung, thusThese will, no doubt, exercise a strong influence upon the Legislature, and dispose them to accede to thia policy, however adverse to it they may be in their individual or private sentiments It is probable that some action will be had upon the matter to morrow or Monday.The Hon. Mr. Memminger, the South Carolina Oommis s i e n e r t o V i r g i n i a , l e f t h e r e o n y e s t e r d a y m o r n i n g f o r h i s home. A grand soiree was given at th e Exchange Hotel126 do. 800 do. 60 do. 466 do. 300 do. 176 do. 9 6 0 d o . 100 do. 1 6 0 d o . 100 do. 16 do.91%.860 91 200 do. .830 68thenintot44OffN, Ic-n4110W, having aooot«voyage completed the sighted Oart harbor da ,gale of the list, which proved aodataatrooatothaiaround the coast of the Dntted Kingdom. HK crew being all sick and his ship to ber crippled state. Capt Fuller could not ret Into Cork harbor, and, having carried away histopeau>ardsto the gale, h e bore u p for Livaroool where be arrived attar be- i n g o u t 5 6 d a y s , t b e s h i p i n a v e r y l e a k y c o o d s i o n . T h e l o s t b y the leakage lo either ship or cargo cannot be accurately aster- taiDed until the ship U dischargedSCBR JRSBRBAIX«. Allen,from Biehmond,Va, farMaw York via Long laland Sound, got ashore In Hurl Gate on Tues- day morning last, and remained until yesterday morning, when shewas gotoffkwMwearsFordA CossWrntog,uaaarthe eommandof OaprRlearna, afterdlaehargmg about trstonseoaL Tbe sehr has received no material damage, inough she a letsI am informed that the Non-Intercourse bill, reported to the Houre of Delegates, of this State, from the Finance Committee, a,copy of which you have already published, was drawn up in conformity with the sugestions of some of the leading merchants of this city. It was subsequently submitted to Judge Berrien, of Ga , and Judge Sharkey, of Miss., and declared by them to be In no wise h> contlict with theconstitution of the United States. The only question likely toarise inconnection with it ts,how faritsde.ailsmaybeapplicable to the State's interest. If the present bill is found to embody any feature calcu- lated to mar thecommercial prosperity of tbe State it will be modified, buttheprinciple of nonintercourse, which Isthelifeandsoulofthebillwillbepushedtothemost available extremity consistent with the commercial inte-hlbition, and Is intended, I am Informed, more It is estimated that the -^appropriations of the presentparticularly to exclude what is modestly termed here session of tbe Virginia legislature for internal improve- Bank has raised its rate of discount to four per cent. This'•Gentilestrycnnlne.''TheGovernorseemsanxiousto mentsand.otherpurposes,willreachtbeenormous promptactionontbepartottheBankhastendedtoim-90 03 W 07 04104 0994 Now in Boone county, 111.... 05 80 88 96 03 100 97 93 96 07 98 08 94 97106 94 04not marked with the wordt "by steamer." to or from St. Louis andMemphis,thesemiweeklylines,andNewOrleansbyway of San Antonio, which is weekly. Thepostaae la three cents on a single letter, the distance between these points being un- der three thousand miieaTTMB OF CLO8IN0 AT THS LONDON OPTTCB.Clinton countyCALCUTTA »8d,10th,18m,Sfta, viaMaraeUleaeta,Las,TownseLd Huidart and lady, Col Crittenden, 8 Cropper, lady, There is now, in ull quarters, more willingness to lend.two chi'dren and servant, Mrs Mlaw<nler, Miss Dawson, Nevertheless, no bills are taken below the bank mini-MessrsFrench,HIlbbomon.Forb«e,Faulds,1*HWallace, mum,andmanydiscountersarestill soreluctantto«'ar.mut. Cooper, Fanreque, W H Bailliere, J C Walkinshaw, J1. Patcbelder M M Ruse, O Cleasby, Soar, Maxwell, V 8 transact fresh business that tbey demand more than 4Atlantto BorthStarII II Boaden. 8 L Ham, Kazame, hrs Newton, W Dili, Comis still difficult—a feature which operates to the seriousprejudiceofseveralimportantbranchesoftrade. Itishoped that the market will become easier after to morrow CABAWSA—From New York 12th, arriving at Havana 17th same digestion in passing from the stomach to the latij"**B F Griffin. Mr aad Mrs J F Uarper and ehild, » f * ' K a F T B s t u H e k M n e r r , , Ww H H a a b b e e r r s s h h a a m m , , S 8 • B H H a a b b e e r r s s h h a a m m , Gand wife, Mlsa 0 M Livingston, Miss B MiJvlJi"C L E A R E DSteamship Meass Taylor, Griffin, Havanaaad Maw Orleans—MORoberts.aatatanatn Augusta, WoodsoU, Savannah—* L MMahaB Ao r r RR W O R L D . [Paver, Ages, ItotheEast.Alexandria to morrow, has £258 619 in apscle, of which £25,086isgoldandtherestsilver. Thetotal bythetwo pwtoue packets was, respeottvely, £455,900 and-The exchanges at the Bank Clearing House thisW eIllinois bad required those banks whose issues were basedt w m M rtruly wvaderful that they appear as toey do The proceed to San Francisco «4^5*»m '»» *•* ordered to lady aod two children; N 8 Rochester, G W Hutioa 1 aTr« on Missouri stocks to put np additional securities, or, what Brig K W Seyburn, Nlckela, MobUe-Layttn A HurlbotLer wife child and serv.ni; A "Peteb"banlL_ MrsFinch,ATopLHBadesheimf1•MMSbwtT&Tnl tfiEZgoverness a n d tw oGolden, t has B Turner,Jno C Besl LCohn, S Myers,J Jn^% eAna'n». - * ' • ^ M ^ H n g ^ l ^CHARIXSTOK—Steamship Colombia.—J Lorfllard J tti.v. Kits H D s Bruynkoos, Mrs E H Bristol!, Mrs L FShaetWm Kittruli. I-anl A Boslwiek. A BRentier. WmMcKev K m ! .Untitled DocumentTbe following ist h e t o t o fJohn Nixon,n 'fiaMiJsWh,ThesteamerIndus, whichwill leave forI propose to >pain, aadto aeenrnpneh nearer and • ofallthecirculating Solosiathehas1Buperior Court— General lata*, and theBSSS*The steamer Cityof Washingtonclearedto-da*Morgan County Bankrecovered its steadiness.be the most active stock on the list It opened at tag the year ending December 31,186992, the general impression being that thetreatyOperating expenses$746,408 78 488,960 99$307,547 7 911,882 61i 206,20261had been signed. Between the boardsittranspiredNet Income.Ihopetobeabletosendjou free tickets forall,ornearly thatthenegotiationswerestillunfinished,andthe Theroadbaapaidoftatonbonda.$196J39000fldence and respect greatly mereaeed.the whole of the journey from Biehmond1 to Boston._ Very jo- speetfully,yourobedientservant, JOelAH PBRHAM.Kilscommunicationwas, on motion,orderedtolieonFloating debt Interest.stockdeclinedto90. Intheafternoontherewere salesat91,andthatwastheclosingbid. Wehave reasontobelievethatthefinalcontractbe- tween the parties was settled and concludedBalance for other payments Tberoadshowsadeficiencytopayinterestdur-Government securities.£10,171.190Decrease, Increase.. DecreaseOther securities20,778,681 6,846,370Notesunemployedo ft b eforeignSince our last w e have had a tight time for money. TheM. Ws«teTMuudMtasWeRa.8%A.lLe»dSisP. M.partmoreconfidencetntheStock Exchange,andconsols, which had declined to 94, have improved to 94 >, a 4 ; both for money and account For American securities, notwithstandingtheenhancedvalueotmoney,quotations remain very stationary. Although there is a lessened de- mand, there is,at the same time, an absence of pressure of stock for sale. It is understood that the call of $10 on Illinois shares bas been paid at the otQse here on about 100.000 shares; this includes those paid up in fall.Baring Brothers say:—UnitedSuites5'sbondsareofferedat92;Massachusetts 6's sterling at 102%; Maryland do at 96. Kentucky 6's wanted a t 90, and Pennsylvania bonds a t 84; Inscriptions,BaMerasa^brntlroad&A.M.afsdl bvatsMateaSV:.. S r\ atPacific Hail continues tothisofpaying rates. Panama was active at yesterday'squotations. Galena sold as high as 68| on timethismorning,but wasseverely hammered betweenthe boards,and closed 57f bid. The earnings forthe second week In February foot np $15,796, 6000 Missouri 6's.... 80% 1006000 do b30 80% 600against $16,279 same week last year; decrease, 2000 N Y Cent b ' 7 a 1 0 0 100 do- .a80 71%afternoon. Fares Monday were raisedin the thissteamships morning t oDo. do. bonds....... Unpaid coupons and interest d u eM a r t a tR e p o r t s .$483. Rock Island was a fraction lower; the earn- 5000ErieRR2mbex 9 1 % 300 do.1000Erie-RR5mb. 41 60 do. ingsofthesecondweekofthemonthwere$16,008, 1000HudRRR1m.102% 60ErieRRb30 71%.830 71% 9%against $13,94* same week last year—increase, 1000 Harlem RR 1 m 9 4 % 60 Hud River R R . . . 40%83% $2,064. ThegeneralbusinessoftheStockExchange 10C0 Gal & Chi 2d m 87% 600Reading RR..b60 40%1000Gal&Chi1m.. 90% 800HarRRprof..b89 to-daywasquitelight Themarketwassteadyat 2000ClevftTolsfb 68 100MichCenRR.blOtheclose,atthefollowingquotations:—Virginia6's, 7 sha Amer Ex Bnk 98% 16Hanover Bank... 8888 800 Panama RR..b60 184about equally divided as to the policy of sending oommissioners to this Conference, In conformity with t h e requestof South Carolina through herCommissioner. Atmost oftbe county meetings in this State, recently held, for thepurpose o f appointing delegates t o t h e Democratic StateConvention, which is to meet here on the 10th mst., reso-lutions favoring this Conference have been adopted. guaranteed, 14J a 4; Panama, 133J a 4; Illinois 10 do.914a4;NewYork Central, 71$a f; Erie, 94a |; HudsonRiver,40Jai;Harlem,9Ja |; do.pre- ferred, 33 a J; Reading, 40 a 4; Michigan Cen- tral, 374 a 38; Michigan, S.and N. Indiana, 6a }; do.80 Marine Bank 100 Pacific MSS Co. 100 do.400 do.1029291%lOOUlOenRR50 Gal & Chi RR.sl6Central, 564 a } ; Galena and Chicago, 57$ a {; Cleveland and Toledo, 19$ a 4; Chicago and Rock Island, 62$ a 4; Illinois Central 7's, 88 a 89.The b u s i n e s s o f t h e S u b - T r e a s u r y w a s a s f o l l o w s to-dsy:—.830 91% 20091 50 91% 60do. .b60 68% do., 68% do.. ..b7 68%lowing result when compared withthe previous week:—Ontheothersideoftheaccount:—for Jersey and Southern white and yellow. RT> and barley are inactive.OATSare in demand at full rates COTTON,—Market w a s firm o n accountnewB. Sales embraced about 1,500 bales. PROVISIONSand'ashes remain aslast noticed. WHJSKKT is quiet at 23%c94 81% a 82%. Virginia sellers at 82. In railroad securities Evaoral P .M .The EconomistIt is rsrely that so sudden a change has occurred in themoney market a s durtDg th e present week. Referencewss made in our last report to the growing imprest ionthat a continuance of tbe bullion drain would cause a risein the bank rate of discount to 8% percent, if not beyond,dating the present week. Tbe efflux, instead of slackenmg, remained a s active as ever ,for , in addition to £150,000taken from tbe bank on Thursday, and £136,000 on Friday, £150,000 waswithdrawn ou Saturday. Under these master General to transmit by(beoverland route alt letterswouldamount of their circulation.of the4thremarks:—Nam* of Read.I860.Week.1859.Week.Ate. D e c— 1,288 03with sugar i e , to master. 4«h tost, off I •—- *•3 : I "- from Asptawall for Mew Y«ScarbaseWHughes:IrelandMewbera,7days.Phila-fcRead RR.,21,771 11 23,069 14tog the year of..... Tbe road has of stocksMB, with bail.T e l e g r t pitBr PotAocA YicToaiA—BaWsaore, F e b 18—The$1000Tenn 6's "90 10000 do87X 87K75shePacMail83Co 91%10000 dob30800do.. .0do., b30 71% do., .b«0 7210 Continental Bank. 97 88 Merchant's Bank.106%thip almost perfectly unmanageable Atlas antalis were blown away, aad towere sick and exhausted wsh working at the pat the time being In a leaky onadtoon, Ui 'stances, aad seeing n o prospect of being able tovoyage with the crew siek aad the vesssl database.oar geroualy, Capt Fuller determined to pot about aad he sere•""'"'"omZJtfFJ*Stock Exchange.SATURDAY, Feb. 18, 1860.laeoa Victoria, from Cardenas tor tato port, to Bttoo. Lighters and steam pumps havefolk to hHIGHLANDS. Feb 18, tmatat-No toward' Wind moderate from SB, and raining fastBANDY HOOK. Feb Is, sanast-Mo vessels to in. Wind moderate from NB,s-d railing fastThssteasaaatosGky o f Weahtogton, for Liverpool. Co ustbta, forCharleston,August*,forSavannah,andYorktown,asrMer. folk, remained at thatr docks last evening, detained by Ike t e , v e r s northeast storm.Smr BAOIS Srsnx., PuBar. bonnd to Boston, before reported having put back to Liverpool, saflsd from the Mersey B e e J, having a crew of thirty teaman, ehtenv Aaaartaaaa, and the vessel herself hi excellent order. Tne passes* began wak very bad weather; on the 6th she had to put into ftudwell Roads, oa tbe Welsh coast for shelter; aad on Jan 11,1a a heavy galeFeb, iW. , 1mhe Ovesland Mail for California leaves St. Louis afary Monday and Tnureday at 8 A. M. Letters aeatgWiar&saoaU be marked "Overland, via Si. LiiMs."a LASS Cirv.Tbe Overland mall from 81 Joseph (Mo.) to Bak Lake Oity, leaves St Joseph every Saturday,at 8 A.M. Letters should be aaarksd "Overbad,vtoftt.Joseph"So. PACUSO. -Br steamship North Star, on Monday,compass bearings:— Bawdier ChurchOrford High LighthouseNW DT w ' N B Easterlyday Feb.2SN o v * MAIL.—It will be seen that the afternoon North maildoses st 3 o'clock.Larraas t o tn TBASSMITTSD s r t o n OvsaLAtra R o m —BoasATampton 4th and 28th.AtTSTRAUA. ViaMarsalUeaaodSuex on the lath TtaaVtSBh-ampton and Boas, ISth.MArnnrirs... Via Aden on the 4th and «7th of the moots. BBASIL. Via Southampton on the 9lh of the month.The MaraeUlea saafls are lesftlasil en the eve of above ShonM any of these datesikll en Sunday, the mailtom—j.ishstl the loHowing aventna.The Soashamoton mails are deepatehed en the morning ofabove dates. BnoaM any of these dates fall an Staaday,the mail la daspatshed the mornmn prejtwa*MAalTIMB IHTBLLIGBNCB.MaassS. BremenPrlDce Albert. Glasgow HungarianaVerope JureAnglo Saaon AJrtaa America. Australasian Circassian Saxonia1 taste .Data. Southampton. .Jan. MOalway Glasgow Liverpool. Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Uverpooi9m.CanadaEma'United Btngdotn Bohemian ArabiaBoruaaiaBoston.MewYorkNew YorkPortlandNewYorkMew YorkNew York Mar. 8 New York Mar 7 Boston Mar 7 NewYork Mar.15FOB CALIFORNIA. New York Feb. 93 NewYork Feb.20Bovopa. Africa.400N YGenRR..opg~ " 71X8 0 0 188% 810 183% 830 183%88183% 66%68,s30 91 400 do. ...c 68%The Overland stall to Bombay closes tn London as follows:—Via atarsasnes on the 3d and 18tb ol eachmonth. ViaSouthampton on theUBsaad 87th.UverpooiUvornooi.Galwty anntaantpton..Mar.4FOB BUROPB.«89lBMBWA»na Port ofMewYork,February18,1800.T o ' I prefaces toe* w n a l ) e a f h e s a , l BBBttoSB andall IItew Ter* Mew Tort Maw York Portland Feb. 11............BoetoaOrleansforHsmbu'g . „._ . , QUERWSTOW* Jan S1-8M Pam Fluab, M'Gnlre, 1phla; Anttoeh Sylvester, Liverpool.6T AtSAB'a HEAP. Feb 1-Off Chas H Lunt, Moore,Grimsby via Deal for New Orleara.TORBAT, Jan 31-Off, A B Thompson, email, frostfor MelbourneAmerican APALtCHICOLA. Feb 10-In port ships KatoSpsuidtog, for Boston Mg; Medina (Bri, 5*rkeY; ^ ^ Wade; Jine (Br). Pennington, and Robert MMOfcJBIaJTJB, forUverpooiUfEOBarney,Barneyjfor^TorkdoJ»rtj Devon (Brt,Gray, Ircm Liverpool. ^S^ttZ^t^nS^ (Br), Willisms, for do idg.Waveriey. Tsweapeon, rerHnaoe do; Eepler, koulton. tor Providence do; Gleaner. ChasAW, ditrcotton:brigGeorgia.Sherman,forNewlerkulg,mm NolfolkPsekeT. Redeff. for NYork do; Neptune's B r i a n » • lelt to? MToTktog; » W p h I ^ a * l u . .'OTjtotoondo; Dad Brown,HeaM,torProvktoncedo;Eliza8Potter,Petter,mat^A^HANTIBIA, Febla-SM swamahlp MlTernon, ansa,"RICHMOND, F e b M - A r r sear GeorgeWOrtos, Charleston,bidsehrPatall,Winiere,NYork.SlJSCaClJLABKOEsVPen. 4 P a h . 8 Feb. 8Feb.11 F e b . 16 Feb.18 Feb. 16 Feb. V Mar. 3.Mew York Portland Maw Test Boston Now Tors Hew York .NswYorkLiverpool Liverpool GlasgowLiverpool Liverpool HamburgHavre, as Lrrerpool Liverpool LiverpoolAspinwaO AspinwsllF e b . 23 Feb.21 F eb a.Feb. 96 Feb.29 Mar. 1rtteamshtpColumbia, Berry, Casilintaa Bfsttsnra, fatoatoa •fleetedbyanyotheroralli same apace of time, the ataiJ P . 8% a. a.71X.b30.s60 90 200 do. .860 58 up, Intending to make for Gotk harbor. The Eagle r91% 17 do 102% SECOND BOARD.10,012,57319°4,7« 94 6000 Missouri 6's.... 80% 20 Mich Cen RR 38 lng Slightly. 6he now lays at Astoria,$2000 F S 5 s 1865 . 9 9 % 20 sbs Canton C o . . . . 17do s30d o b l 6 71% do b60 71% do opg 71%•X£5,309,769 Decrease £210,969 FLOTO —The market has been quiet: prices have been night In the brig, wtth all u s erew. Captains Lewis aad Ltek-T.M.l%P.atheadache, andto a meaner aoeasy that they --» n««ri U T lecurth of tans •ease and pleasure, and eaa b e need any length ofsatytocure,withoutotherthanafoodeffect SoldatNo.7*4Canalstreetand No 4C-*-eente a bos, wsh full dtreandns. aad by all 8eearticleonDiphtheria,fifthssuars,stB www.fultonhistory.com 