 B*fertwide-ir*A,eoa' 2.0W1* * * * *ofxaad•"«•*» V*e»»"to peciaj•pro*;. ofthf*,with-.ibVj<xmj:CeTtrft datierfhaJl. a<» . ttt uxre* tha94;**£ (Vnj--a>>* •ibvs'-* . *UU :: • • • • )Of* J<AJ*>»#• Lade-su.**f0tr-a n & S Sa n d s t r o n g } > r © t e s t o f G e o r g i a a g a i n * t h e l a t e a c t a o f V^ongress in reference * " •n o r t o c o n v e n e s p e c i a l s e s s i o n s o f t h e L e g i s l a t u r e " o n t h a t u p o n w b i c h w e e s p e c i a l l y p n d e o n i r » e I v e e - - » extraordinary occasions," and €be undersigned me- chivalrous tone of jfeehng; *>«t ngbteowmetw that ex- morialists, wonld rwjxjctfully. represent to year Excel- aftetb a nation, and tbe natio* which cannot truly a p - peal to the Searcher ©f hearts, etf its wfllingnewi to 4o justice to all within and withoot its border*,, whether.;.:;;-~i.:' •\ii •' " 5 | Iwonder,theenvy,andthejoyofthecivilizedworld- escenceevenfromthoeewhoaremostaggrievedby "splitterWanted." OnthegroundbeneathOldAbeI ! 1" Old Abe in oompanr is found.Whichjustifies his being; bound-; Andsoinchains,astridearail.He's borne triumphantly to—the-Wbiv» House.">not their governments. When the Constitution saysVTHE SECESSION MOVEMENT.o T-.~ u i,dTo Hit fJctUemty 8cm HovtUm, Qwcmorofthe State of Tenut i bidding, from quarter* totally unexpected. It w not "Old Orange" is not the man b'kely to bo takoa at tt The Constitution of our Stele empower* the GoveT" eotton. as many seem to think, or encourage,,; or dbwdvanU^je or by surprise., : H e m a d e i > m o s t a c c e p t a b l e r e p l y , a n d g a v e s e a * i"largm*GOV. MOORE TOTTTOK BATTttT COWrERTIOir. * Somodaysagowef^bnahedtheresolutionsadopte*bj the Baptist Conyenl.%o of A&tbftaia, and transmit- |fettertheExecutive should,andwetherefore respectfully its people from all obligation to submit to its Constitiv pray, that his Excellency, tfie Governor, will at thethat " i'rom theadministration off the Fedewdl Govern- - peculaaiproperty recognized", by t*W Conetittrfwe—m»can no longer hope for justice, pr^toetion, or ssfety.** Ithaal*tbeConventioninmyowanam*,and1-isHm,name ofthe great and sovereign Sta?<e*of Alabamj^faeflersti*!! V. Johnson on tbe Crisis. t S S r * ^ ! ? .determination never to yield another inch of ground to Northern ew-roachments. ^lency, that'in their opinion, and as taey believey»n the opinion of almost all their fel^ow-citizsnos of the State, no more " extraordinary occasion " cosJd occur inher history than that•which now impendsoverher,in commonwithhersisterStatesoftheSouth,tovrit: The election and the intended inauguratioc» of ft Presi^A«0SKE.VD.UL0$SECESSION. A SOUTHERN SERMON.XBITER FROM HERSCHEL .V. JOHNSON.«ov. ?c«chd V . Johnson, having been invited totbe citizen* of Georgia upon the state of the States that they should suppress tbe abolition agitation,NoTiciyNOTINnrvi.siHLKsoti Im/fciutNT—IsiwiFKNDKsfr STATK*CAffMBROg OESURRKNDKR THER Soy ERRiatrrr IN WHOLK OR IN P ART—IN T»>S COUN-weak ot strong, bond orfree, w3T, sooner or fefcerr fell first intcsinandthen intoevil. Wemayescape tbe handofnfitny,butwecannoteludethejudgaent-of God. :-cj„Gt5*tTustaji:January next, convene the X«egislaaare of the State,.to deliberate upon the grave and' mommtous issues that ftocethemselvesuponus,andtoprc/ridesuchremedy, for existing and impending ev3s, aa-R? tbeir united wiL>make the bravsst shudder—^and y& there a r e things worso:than war TPliore are-occasions when it becomes1 t o tiw gy».y»"J"®andabsurdthat the people ofthe State,wouldsuffer t h e m s e l v e s t o b e t a x e d t o p a y a l l t h e e x p e n s e s o f t h e Government. If a true vote on the guestion-could be taken,themajority ofthepeople of South-Garolinapie;andvhertat, ourb«iovcd8t*teh»«cattedaConveutio7X<>rtb» p e o p l e , t o c o n s u m m a t e , b y c o n s t i t a t i o n i a i f o r m s , t b e disua&Mk. whichhasvirtually.«eparated.the peoplesoftheNorth and;.tW peoplesoftheSouth; therefore,Herolved, That it'is-o«wdoty, a*Christian rentlemea-*mA• patriots,tosustainourbefiored tfta^.at atthazards,intbenaafa^.. tenanceofhersovereignty,andintheprotection ofher coauti-' tutional rights and liberty.RetolvM, That in making thi* dedarStiosk, vre apeak only tmr' ourselves, and trust in the good God to-girre vmstrength, co«ragn» and endurance, to maintain the right.CALEB CXrSHINOM* BVMJL.TheCharleston Ncrcsof"tho-23dsaysofthebasicansweredtheinvitation by the followingon the ground that it endangers the public peace, andput»injeopardythefriend?*rrlatiousbetween theae Statesmayatwilldismieethisagent,ansithasrelieveMlt-LXDOJCVH.LK,NOV.16, 1860., -.- - J ^ i a receipt of your note of yester- South, perpetual exemption from future aggression.W w q w g a g xne to deliver «/address upon the P«J>lo«MHoenowupontnecountry." Aftermature7. The^Convention should require ourState Legiala ture to adopt such;measures of legislation as are neces- sary to place the State in a condition of the most am- plepreparationtomeetallconsequences whichacon-rnecess^Dy for a people telook id thoiace, reckon* calm-«**«*•aMespeeches have been made, duringthe:sovereigntyisint»pableo€divisi6n,Mhowhappensthepatrioticsentiinentocontainedintbeirproceed;—"~ ..;;'".::?//',:;, presented to tnese Southern States at this -rety Ane. and for the appropriato, dignified and Christian-I "fee*, on both sides, and I ooald nothope to add a tinued disregard of our rights by the North may forceifwill ever pray, Sec. ' •EXTBACTFROM A PRIVATE LETTER." COLOMBIA, St-.'G.,.29bv.'21,1860. **TherearestirringtimeinSoothCaroSixajustnow.I d s certainly- think that the ,mini3ters, judges, and the peoplearerunning'eatoftheirsenses,orthen*senses, iftlWy ever hadany,arerunningjout ofthem. If ever{herewer«apeopleonthefaceofthij*earthwho wereblindedtotheirowninterests,,thepeopleofSouthwaste,wr-totbefloodoftightwhich hasbeenpoured«*o*ttoegreatquestionswbicharenowbeforethe <iuponus.. "LettheseproposhiocLrtbodistinctly propounded toitthat,therearesomanysovereignsamonghie-debcen-dants?Ifthispositionbesoone\.thereisnow5»utoneijpontbi*pointthereishardlyanydivision;or defer- mannerinwhicnfbeyareexprewed. Sachnoblet enceevenofopinio*amongus. Notthatweseekit; iments.eBflMuiatibg^unanigaKmsly,fromana«semb^p»•not that wylook upoct it as necessarily following upon of €hnatian men, will: carry with them a •moral ftrvBno; 1 am not under his mlr, bat under the rule of the Government, whose legislative department i* known tocinning not much larger, than a man's hand, swelled -into portentous shapes of overshadowing ruin, andnot live longer under the same Government, our des-^ • . ^^o«/Oo«v«ati(«.reeordlh<> uiianimous, to our Mexidau territories, andd. Let the ConvenUon demand of Congress the re- peal of the Mexican laws in Utah and&ew-Moxico, againstSlavery soa*toopenthedoorofsafeemigra- t«ra$.ltherbytb«slaveholdersoftheSouth.4. T h e Convention should demand o f t h e NorthernStates as a matter of loyalty to the Constitution, therepeal of those legislative act* obstructing the recap-tureoffugitiveslaves,totheendthattherecentstat-SECESSIOK—NO. IV .or SKCKSSTOW AK«WMKWTS—SorKitRiG-itT^ute of Congress may be executed in good taith and To the People of the South ;EXXCOTIVKDBF**TM*W<*,,flkr.i$. igfcj. RKV. J. T . TicHKNOR—Ifr*r Sir .• I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of tfce declaration of opw- ions adopted by the Baptist i>ate<?«ivee*ion of Ala-bajna. •IfullyagreewiththeConveotioaintheopinio*States. * 6.TheConventionshoulddemand,inbehalfofthetion and laws. Onefundamental position assumed b y the Secessionists is that '*SkWKRKioyTY is JNCAPABLK OF nrvisioy." ' ' • • : *Ifthis-betr«e,howhappensrtthatthe?©ismore than one sdverngnty in l*ie-wwl(l?ren, is a dreadful=evi3, andeven th^potsibilt^' of sucirearliestpracticalday,feiotlaterthanthe8thdayof awaraswemaysbottlybeengagedin,isewoughto' mentjlincorn's)asthingsare—withr*fereneetoo*ri S * ^ * *° **g»X* the minds of the people. A s a the North for their solemn reflection, and to our sister as one consolidated mass. South Carolina has been inandpowertikatwilldomnehgoodinAjaea'ma,.ia bar preoent emergenoy, and will serve to convince* kmm Abortioniststhatthesamo-causeswhichdissolvedtbm• union of thetwoChurches, North andSouth,wfK, haveasimilareffectupontheUnionofStates.' Withjointr©»p«etirovr•bedieatservax-ir ••• A. B.^OOMfrSOUTHCAKOfiBKABAPTISTS.T h e *• S a v a n n a h R i v e r B a p t i s t C o n v e n t i o n ^mousrypassedthefollowingresolutions:Whereat, Th^n^ctitmiUftrMrt, wrhl<d»lately«p»t in\vrnim«i**»tgeforaspeech;Iofferyouthef<Sowingbrief **—-lofmy \ntiwg: a'neha»!deploretheelectionofLincoln,itisaa«£•£S^£Cm^VM&nf*ct*d* i*01* tho moment <«»•durationoftheCharfeetonConvention. Itre-~Si2i ^er?2?*ofa aTM***Democracytoelectan J5"JB t t?', TM.a divided Democracy it u impossible.8outhemStatesfortheircooperationandadoption. And let us invite the latter to send delegates to a South- ernCongress,tomeet,inAljuledipavilleonthe4thof July.18ol—nottodissolve the Onion, but to devise iM€uniT<txJortheir enforcement, with theview to prc- nerretheright* ofthe.South inthe Union."rebellion against this "one and indivisible sovereignty since 1776 at least.^HowcameSouthCarolinatoha'wsany sovereignty atall? SheformedapartoftheBritishEmpire,whose sovereignty, according tothis argument,or assump- tion^rather,wasandis "indivisible,".Sheis,there-anyactionofours,stilllessasjustifiedbythataction, [kit w e regavd it as a eonseqaence which may flow oat oJit,andwuareprepared-tomeet^even*«risindo> peodenceuponthenelpofGod. This isoarposition, butnotapositiontobemaintainedwithoutsomehigher inspirationthanthai;whichcomesofnob??decbima-9 i:T*-Uttt_schismtherefore,mustbeascribedourdefeat.Georgiatoadoptm 1850.Asfarastheyareappli- c a b l e t o t h e p r e s e n t c r i s i s , I w o u l d a d v i s e t h e i r a d o p - tionnow.ThenIwouldsay:1.LetthisLegislaturecallaConventionofthepeo pie,atsuchtimeandplaceasmaybedeemedmos convenient,toconsideranddetermine whattheState shoulddo;andalso,inthemeantime,puttheStateia aconditiontomeetanyemergency. '2 . L e t t h a t C o n v e n t i o n r e a f f i r m t h e " G e o r g i a P l a t - form" of 1850,and demand the repeal of all law* passed byanyofthenon-skveholoingStateswbichonlyoutoftheUnionrallwouldbewellwiththem. I intcthehorrorsofcivilstrife,,weshallneedellthepa- state'ofrebellion,andoughttoreturntoherallegiance. veryoftensaytomyself(forIdarenot.sayittoanybody fiehoeandallthesterndetermination that JVsenseofAtth*\Convention had harmoniously ourn o m i n a t e d a n y .B u t i f t h e y m e a n ' t h a t t h e s o v e r e i g n t y o f a n y o n e n a t i o n cannotbedivided,thepositionisequallyabsurd,aswe shallhereaftershow.else),*Ifyourbankbillsarenowattonpercentdis- rightandasteady,unfaltering*trustinGodcanafford. count;how-willyoubeatjjle.toraisemoneyto-t>ayand Leta*donothingwhichcaninvalidatetheformer,and^Wudwdpernocrat,eitherNorthorSouth,upon Itb^Cwwnnatiplatform,withtheDredScott decision, Ibelievebewouldhavebeenelected. Butinthe« GeneralPierceandMr.Buchanan,thepria->ofnoo-interventionwastriumphantlymaintained.,?*?ttftare ^,m that'SLJad '•*»'attempt to engraft jPt b e d o c t r i n e o f C o n g r e s s i o n a l i n t e r v e n t i o n , i n f a v o r o fSto-raryjntheTerritories,werefatal toourcause andequipanarmy,forastandingarmyyoumusthave1' etusprayearnestlyforthelatter. IfitpleasestheItis another fundamental position ofeecessioniatfi, ButanarmyisonlyoneitemoftheexpenseofaGov- Almightytotryus,to putour;courage,our patience, wasasureindicationIbtxttho**wboeo«ldnotlivetogethers*e:>Kepoblicans. Isaythismuchas»fir»k andhonestexpressionofmy opinion, without obstructtheexecution,ingoodfaith,oftheactofCon- Thatwastheactof Congress. Ifthatgavethemsov-tawndinfr toattachblametoanybody;withoutintend gress,fortherenditionoffugitiveslaves.ereigntythey derived itfromtheirowncreature,and wouldrefusetogooutoftheUnion.. Butthepolitical oratorsandmadmenwho aregoing throughithe-StateThe views of Mr. Madison'against the assumed right of secession are so well known, and were so consistentlyT o for-needed to add to the authority of his great name on'2 bid him denance, while thu* bound; but if tbe com- justly called the " Father of the Constitution," w e in that people is vested and merged the sovereignty of plexioa Oi Congress shall change to that of hostility of the people of the Stateef so far and so far only as itIn the mean time our men—-I have saidut—are ready. What are our women doing 7 Talking.of fight—giv- ingbouquets,wreaths,andbanners with mottosaad good wishes—some of us scribbling for newspaper*receding for intolerable oppression is another nam* only fo? revolution/']AMOS K E N D ^ I X O N 6ECKSSION.Vu Wat.. From The. tyathington Star..NEW-YORK PA1LY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1860.Sagtoquesiaou the patriotism of anybody; without•veftmtendmgtoexpress anopinion as to whowas to suppress by all legitimate measures the Slavery impurtthatqualitytotheirconstituents- That sover- anditmaybethatthey.willvotethemselvesoutoftheiormitj on thepart of others to the Constitution, letn» practice onrprecept by observing it on our part. Ifne obey the Constitution in his administration, w e ought not to be submitted to. It is time for the South gb*Hhavesufferednoinjurybyhiselection;ifhevio-.todemandexemptionfromtheagitationofShivery, late It by aggressing upon our rights, w e will resist it. from unjustifiable interference with our- domestic peace andthejusticeofthatresistancewillrallvtheunited andsecurity,fromfurtheraggressionsuponburrights,and the faithful observance by the Northern States ofthe requirements and guarantiee of the Constitution. aggression—assumethatitwillcome,andsecede Letthebusinessofredressbebegunnowandprosecu-tedtoa final consummation. Leteveryeffortbemade andevery means be exhausted torestore the Uniondispose of herself ? A n d if a State can merge hor en-tire sovereignty in that of other States, cannot shemergeapariandretainapart ?Tosaythatshecan-not, is also to deny her sovereignty; for sovereigntyaccording to secession logic possesses all political ?power, while by the Bame logic, it cannot divide itself, and therefore does not possess all political power! The argtmient is a.feld'dese—it destroys itself.When the Secessionists say that sovereign power can- not be invested in the Government of the United States, they utter a truth which is equally applicable to the Governments of the States. Both Governments are agents in the same sense, and both of them arecause it renders all civilized-communities dependent on theright, is.a Crescent, on the.left of wbich is records of history present to him pictures of national upon us. Wielding such a power, if we but wield it written,"' Retdbtance to Tyrants is-obedience to God.".heart* und hands of all true patriots.But it is contended by many that w e must anticipate•woeanddesolation,everrecurringfromagetoageand wisely,wemayachieveavictory both bloodlessand Thesectionnearestthejail represent^ Abe LinooLi, fromcontinenttocontinent,whereinthesamepainful complete.Itisfortheinterestoftheworldthatwe manacled,beingbornebytwohugcAfricans,onarail,.from tbe Union immediately to avoid it. I do not ap-proveofsuchacourse. But,anticipatingthatitm»ycome,prudencesuggeststhatwebeginatoncetopre^ backto'whatitwasintendedtobebyits founders. Iffeatures are repeated upos. a more gigantic scale.should be at peace; that oursystem of labor should be undisturbed;thatourinstitutions,muchastheyarere- viled, should be maintained; and sooner or biter thiseach negro having a firebrand in one- hand, while the othersupports the rail. Oppo»iite_thi«iaapoliceman directing nim to the jail, and pointing thence with bispare to zeeiat> it.1 believe, however, that,- under the existing circum-BtHDces, it cannot come. The President is powerless, •without the concurrence of both houses of Congress. But both are known to be opposed to the Federal prin- ciples and policy of the Republican pwrty. H o w is it portable then for Lincoln to commit uny aggressionwe fail in this, which I will not anticipate, then the interest, rights, peace and honor of the South will re- quire a dissolution of the Union.Thanking YOU. gentlemen, for th» compUmeatarY termx of your not«, I am, truly luui faithfully, your oboditmt .wr&nt,HJiRSCHJ&i, V. JOHNSON. Mworu. Geo. A. Hall, Tbo«. V. Jou««, and lasay other*.: The future historian may tell of a great Republic ofConfederated States which for seventy, years wasthe will be so manifest as to compel an unwilling acqui- club. Beside the policeman are the words, ""ftail-3. L et the Convention appeal to the Northern StatesCongress must have been Sovereign before they could will misrepresent things to the ignorant in the country,ri&X andwhowaswrong. Thatonesideortheother agitation,assubversiveofthepeaceandfraternitybe- eigntywasinherentinCongress, nobodypretends; to 2*» wrong is self-evident; for both could not be right tween the States Ofthis Union. say that it was inherent hi the colonies while parts of w e aie, therefore, indebted to an error in our own 4< Let that Convention ask a consultation with the the British Empire, is absurd; and if it be " indivisi-vFederal Government. I do not know anything, aboutthe character of Lincoln, but I do hope that.he is acontinued andpersistent disregard of ourrights, in thisparticular, by the non-slaveholding States, cannot andHeavily and Badly must such a question as this fall /into defeat. Let us thank His good Providence which is a large star with a circle in the center. Within thanzrpontheSouth? Hecannotorganizehisaa^uinistra- ANEWTESTIMONY*FROMMR.MADISON. governments inthesamesense.WhatisaState?Theserved to the States, meaning the people of the States,bonds of friendly intercourse so soon as her politicaltion except by the approvul of the Senate; no meas-nre can be adopted without tbe action of Congreos.H e own do nothing of himself. H e is ut the mercy ofCongress—subject really to its dictatioM—as powerlessas Samson shorn of his locks. Therefore, when it is maintained from the date of the ratification of the Con- meaning the people thereof, and not to their govern- asked,willyousubmittotheroleofLincoln ? I.reply stitutiondowntothetimeofhisdeath,that nothing is ment. ThepowersreservedintheConstitutionarere-from The NationalJtUeUifftttoer.and commercial independence h a s been vindicated.this e n d , w e should cherish a spirit o f Christian bearance, even toward those who'have shown.ua least,completes tbe picture. _,.HINTS T O SOUTH CAKOLIXA WOMEIf.TRY IT HAS BRKIf DlVIOKD, A PORTION TRAKS- dent, bya party whose'distinctive principle is hatredKKKRXD TO THK UNITKO STATKW, AND A PfirRTIO.V to the institutions of the Southern States, and whose* from which We may draw; no small! socouragement, knowledging the receipt of 'tifoe*-"LKFTINTHKSTATKS^-MR.MADISON'SVIKWS.platformpledgestheAdministration which'the/*"» thatinthemainwearerig&tWhatever,mayb«sour about to inaugurate to a systematic aggreeefon upon deficiencies, as individuals or as Statesv we> can navewithout molestation under the forms of law. *?%• Se/^essicnistsjmaintain that each of the United States5. The Convention should demand of the Northern retains all its original.sovereignty; tbat the United if that be practicable, or in denance of that gamed in-States possess no sovereign, power; that their govern-'' ment is a mere agency for the States; that any of thestrument, rf such be neoeesary to their purpose., On an occasion so " extraordinary " w e think* thatOJdAdani,wefluppose^was-tbefirstsoveramn, a»d iommayseemj,tt»tandproper^and-y*wr memoraliatc*ly upon its possibility,,and endureits-dreadful evik, and Ibelievsinmyinmostheart'that such anoccasitwaissovereigntyonearth,andthatisvestedinall mankindThese were my opinions as to the proper course for fore, still a part of the British Empire, though in a Carolina are. They seem to'think that if they were tion andpassionate resolves. Should we bo plungedthat **.SOVKREIQNTY is INHKRENT."what? Secessionanswers, In theStates. diditgetinto theStates ? Surely,theywerenotsov- e r e i g n w h i l e t h e y f o r m e d p a r t s o f t h e B r i t i s h E m p i r e . Theythenhadno ''inherent'' sovereignty. Didthe Declaration ofIndependencemakethem Sovereign?manofnerveandtruecourage. Ifheisnot,itwillbeSoreursignaldefeat—itelectedLincoln. Hence,as otherSouthernStates,eitherinaCongressforthat ble"and"inherent,"praywheredidtheygetit, ofnouseforhimto.takeholdofthereinorhelmof distressuponthosewhohaveforced-ustoit. Already2•we are not entirely blameless* ft behooves us to temper Eurpose,. or in such other manner as may be beat ealou- and when did it begin to be inherent ? And"what be- <x»rexasperationbycalmreflectionsandprudent itedtosecureconcertofaction. cameofthe"indivisible"sovereigntyoftheBritishdomorSlaverywillnowtriumph.Thepolitical'.lead- ers of the South will notletthe excitement die away until something dofinite is accomplished. The Slave Power will frighten those w h o advocate Freedom.into submission, or Freedom will strike terror into the heart of Slaverv. Which power, do you think, will, on,the 4thofMarch,'61,triumph? Nothingbutfire-and death will bring the Slave Power 'fro their senses*. It is said that the South can force the North inteany measure,' from the fact that the people of the Seutn producethegreat stapleofthe world. What do'.Re- publicans say for themselves on that question? "A SOUTHERN SERMON.ARK THESE HIS DOINGS?A Sermon, preacfied in St. Michaels Church, Charles-whichisalmostsuretofollowthewithdrawalof,the-"Thisfineveesel.underithe-commandoflierglori-Southern States from the Confederacy. Should it ous littie Captain, departed yesterday, for LiverpooLcome, its weight will fall chiefly upon that section It will be remembered tliattniscrafit is the property otwhich has been built up at our expense. A sentiuient Cushing &. Brothers, and was the first vessel to raise of triumph ts, under such circumstances,- natural, nay the palmetto-flag, as she did amid-a salute of cannon,almost unavoidable, but it is too unchristian a spirit and the cheers of'an immense^ concourse of persona,eoaneeia. Ha»ty action is always unwise; it is superla- tive folly when prompted by passion for whica our own uMnscretion has created the existing occasionI repeat what I said in theletter alluded to: Empire when it wasdivided into twelve or thirteenin-"As to the means a Southern Congress ought to dependent States ?adopt to enforcejtheee propositions, it would be pre- The truth is, sovereignty' is not indivisible nor tn-JB<*"letthede*dburythedead." l^.ttbeconflict sumptious in me to venture a suggestion. Iprefer hercnt. Ithasbeendividedandsubdivided,acquired, thTOogn which w e have^ust pa^sedj wiLh all its acer- rather to stand mute before the wisdom of its counsels and lost, restricted and enlarged times without number bityJUKIrancor,beconugnedtooblivion,andanimated andbowsubmissivelytoitsdecisions. Iamwillingto andbyvariousmeans,duringtheworld'shistory. with a patriotic desire to rescue our country from im- confide the interest, the honor,: and right of the South But, without caring how or where the States get pending dangers, let us take counsel with each other, in the hands of sucn a body, and sure I feel, that its their sovereignty, w e are ready to admit that they aa friends and fellow-citizens whose political interests moral influence, representing, as it would, the patriot- wore m>vereigns in 1776; but w e maintain that they anddestinyareone. ism, theintelligence, and firm resolve ofthe South, could anddidmodify their own sovereignty intheto be indulged. It must happen that the innocent willbe involved with the guilty. Many will be engulphed Caleb Cushing, with a neat likeness of the Jamoein the ruin who have had no share in bringing it Gray in silver, which we hope will be finished by tkeabout—many will suffer w;ho have striven in vaio, return of Capt. Plummer, anclwhile w « apeak or tlaa,I do not think the election of Linroln'a sufficient would be potent to save the Union, and awaken the adoption of the Constitution. Can any one doubt that cause for secession. N o man deprecates it more r.hut I Northern States to th© danger with which their mis- the people of each State, if they had been so minded, rdo. None is more implacably hostile to the avowed guided fanaticism hasimperiled it." could nave united with the people of all the other anciplas and policy of the Republican party. 1 trust I should hope that a firm and earnest appeal by the States and formed a consolidated Government; that all am t*cood to no one in an intelligent devotion to the South to the Northern States would be heeded; that their sovereignties could have been merged into one righto and honor of the South. But he is legitimately they would, under a sense of constitutional obligation, sovereignty, and that the States could thus have been elected—elected in strict accordance with the Consti- repeal their "Personal Liberty bills," and cease to extinguished ? The history of the world is full of ex- tution, andtherefore, being sticklers ourselves for con- hinder the surrender of fugitive slaves. I repeat, a amples of two or more nations being merged into one, and of onedivided into twoormore; of sovereignty lost by conquest or by voluntary surrender, and sove- regnty acquired by rebellion or voluntary association.by which they were overborne. We-cannot help it;, stores in King street, and other place* whore ladies but it is not a thing to be hailed with exultation—it is ' most do congregate/ "tiny has ordained that w e shall be contiguous people, 1"I*;friendlytotheconstitutionalrightsoftheSouth. thisquestion.Ascumulativeevidenceonthispoint, thereissuchathingus"thepeopleoftheUnitedisuckedwithinitsinsatiablevortexallsenseofjustice withunlimitedabilitytoharmandevendestroyeach lie is the one w h o is unuer ruU—bound hand and foot. however,' is valuable, because proceeding from one States," there must be such a people in some sense, and andallregardforlaw;andthen,bigwithitselements other; andourfuture relations must/beverymuchgive place to the subjoined reiteration of his opinion, covers the powers granted m the Constitution. In refer- t o m y s e c t i o n , k n o c k o i ! ' h i * t e t t e r s , a n d v i o l a t e o u r w h i c h h a s j u s t m e t o u r e y e i n t h e c o l u m n s o f o u r i n t e l - e n c e t o a l l t h e i r r e s e r v e d p o w e r s , t h e p e o p l e o f . t h eof discoroand hate, burst upon a great and happy bind influenced by the manner in which this great Onion1with thesweep and desolation oi a whirlwind. He shall be dissolved. Let us pray then, brethren,.that all of us saying, " God speed*'' to -the great cause!right*, I will defy them nil; and if I cannot obtain re- dress in the Union, then, trusting to the reserved sov- ereignty of the State, I will strike lor separate inde- pendence out of the Union.may have to tell of section arrayed against section, its dissolution may be a peaceful- one, and that there But, sisters anal daughters, is this enough ? Empty- a n d S t a t e a g a i n s t S t a t e , i n i n t e r n e c i n e w a r — o f s o n s b e n o b l o o d ' s h e d : b e t w e e n t h o s e w h o o n c e w o r d s .' e m p t y w o r d s l — • c a n y o u g i v e . n o m o r e ? T h eligent cotemporary, The Charlottesville of yesterday, the 23d instant:(Va.)States remain as sovereign and independent as they were in 1776,If 1 had entertained a doubt of the correctness of m yown views on this subject, it would have been obvi-were brethren in feeling, and still are brethren in race and religion. Such a severance will afford to the world as grand and instructive a lesson of the ben efits of self-government, as any which it has learnedheartless braggart may talk it out as plausibly as the best; butbiagging is not doing. Woman, willsend your son, your husband, and ..your, brothervou, pretty maiden, your lover—to the. fight, giving: nim a wreath, or a mottoed flag, and thon.be down te* sleep?Nay,nay,youcannot—youdarenot.Wneo. that time comes the midnight hour w-ilr find you watob- ing—the dawning day win, wake-upon your unclosed eyes.Andthen,tostilltheanxiousthrobbingsofa>Review UNPCBLISHXD LKTTIR OF MB. MADISOIT OH S8CM3-wrestling in mortal hate whose sires had battled sideby side, and mingled their blood in defense of a com-mon liberty—of great commercial and manufacturingTbe South has grievances of which to complain farmoregallingthanthebareelectionofaRepublicantothe Presidency. T h e surrender of fugitive slaves is aoonstittttiocal obligation upon every State in tUe Union."WithoutsuchaguarantytheUnionwonldneverhavebeenformed.Itcannotlongsurviveitscontinuedandpendstent disregard, by the nohtdaveholuing States.Tbe violation ol it, by some, commeiiced abnotit edmul- The letter of Mr. Madison was called forth by these while it is neither the one northo other, buta mixture of both.'systems toppling to the earth—Of servile hordes andHtarving mobs asserting a liberty they knew not from our rapid growth in all the elements of prosperitymmexm*JtywiththeAbolitionagitation. Ithas"grown•with its growth, and strengthened with its strength,"until n o w , in denance ol Jb'eoeral enactments, a ma-jority of those States have passed stringent laws to 7, 1833. W e publish verbatim from the MS.:this,forGodwhodividethtothenationstheirinherit-obstruct the recovery of fugitive slaves. True, the cotton States have not suffered vary considerably on thLtscore;theevil necessarily fall* mainlyuponthe borderStates. ButallthesdaveholdingStateshave ieii, and do now keenly feel, tnis iniiuelity of their Northern sisters t o their plain constitutional obligation. Tbeyhavesaidbutlittle,nowever; they navesubmit-[OOXyiDttSTLLL.]I have jrec«tr«d the hitter itigaed " A Friend of Union and Staie-ilighui,"enclottiugtwoKaoayuunderthenameirignature..It L»not u*oai '.v nacwcr oomiimiiioxuvua without the proper naiueatothexu. Buttheabilityandthemotire*di»olo«odinthe £a«aya induce me'to say, in.compliance with thewinh expreMted, that 1 do not couaidet the proceedings of Virginia in '^H-99 an countenancingthedoctrinethataduuemayatwill accede'from. it*constitutionalcompactwithtbeotherState*. Arightfulae>'produceaparallel. Therefore, we should notallow ourselves to look at this great crisis in any other but a mostsolemnspirit,forit is; assuredly,agreatcriais. Our fortunes, lives, institutions—all w e hold dear on earth—are in jeopardy. W e have staked them upon the issue of this controversy^and a single false move uponourpart,asingleunexpected turn in theprovi- dentialarrangementsofHimwhoholdsthefateofna- tionsinhi»hands,andwemaybe swallowed upina bankruptcyasdeepandirretrievableaseverfell^upon—eachhasitsadvantages,eachisadaptedtothesphere which it occupies, and would be unnatural and impos- sibleiftransferredtotheother. Theirrepressiblecon- flictofwhichyouspeakisnotcalledfor,andcanonly issue in the ruin oi both. Separated, ourpeace will be preserved and our brotherly affections may revive in the interchanges cf commerce, andin the sense-of mutualbeneflt. EachwillworkoutIts"owndestinyin itsownway,andtheonly rivalry betweenuswillbe astowhichwill most promotethehappiness-of man-SIOR. Weareindebtedtoourfriend,AlexanderRives,esq.,ated by the following lucid and unanswerable exposi-for the following letter from Mr. Madison on the sub- ject of State Secession:tionIhaverecentlymetinoneofMr.Madison'elet-howtouse,andtherightoflifeagainsttherightof andtheartsofpeace.True,wecannotadoptthe,\h11 f•ters, viz:• "la order to understand the true character of tho Consti- In1832Mr.Rives,underthesignatureof"AFriend tutionoftheUnited.States,theerror, not'.uncommon, ofUnionandState-Rights,"publishedtwocommuni- inuatbeavoidedofviewingitthroughthemediumeitherofa cations in The Virginia (Charlottesville) Advocate. 'consolidated Government or of a confederated Government,generous language of the noble-minded Abraham in allits expansive liberality, and say to our Northernbrethren,/"Thewholelandisbeforeyon—ifyewilltheteethandeveingeachotherwiththevindictive takethelefthandthenwewillgototheright,orifye watchingheart—sistersbelieveme—wewfllwant scowl of suspicion.and revenge. Some future Thucy- depart totheright hand then we will gothe loft, only something beside the recollwjLious of. wreaths and dides or^Gibbon may have it to tell how the cry of re- separate yourselves from us." N o ! W e cannot say bouquets, mottos and newspaper articles. These are-articles,andwasaddressedtothewriterofthemunder his nom de plume. It bears no date, but a letter from Mr. Rives in reply to it in oni possession, is dated Jan.And having in no model the similitudes and analogies applicable toothersystemsoigovernment,itmust,morethananyother, be its own interpreter according to it* text and the facttof the cane." From' these it will be seen that the characteristic peculiari- tie«oftheConstitution axe—1.The mode of itsformation;2. The divbtion of the »upreru« powern, of government between the States in their united capacity and the States in their individual •upttcitiea.**1. It was formed, not by the Governments of tho component State*,astheFederalGovernment,forwhichitwansubstituted wan formed. .Norwasit formed by a .majority of the people of the United States, as a single community in the manner of acon- solidatodgovernment. ItwanformedbytheStates;thatis,by thepeopleineachoftheStatesactingintheirhighest sove-gi»tance"now echoing through our Southern borders,wellenoughintheirway,and.in.their-time,wheat backedbyearnesteffort. ButspareU8«ihemockeryof them if these be all w e can do. .We have all heard the story of Nero fiddling white Romewasburning. Dayafterday, asIsee ourwe- men fresh-rigged with the frippery otthe season—rurar bonhets,newlaces,newflounces,andfurbelows—day- afterday,as1bearoftheirfrequentingYankeeshowa* operas, and concert-singers, I remember Nero; and, shuddering, wonder if those, his potticoated imitators, canbeSouthCarolina women. .Forgiveme, sisters, theharshthought. Wehavesinned—wehavesinned; but,asyet,ithasbeeninthoughtlessiguora&ee.,rather- than heartless folly. Letas.now.wako uptobet-tedu>it,almostwithoutcomplaint. Amid the almost cea*iourequiresthe-ooiiAentoftheothem,oranabaseotthecom- reigncapacity,andformedconsequentlybythe-some authoritywhichformedtheStateConstitutions.• "Being thusderivedfromtbesameHoraceastheConstitu-unmixedevil,whichIapprehendiromtheelectionofLincoln,Iseeonegoodresult,andthatis,tbeawaken-ing of the South, to the»>e great grievances. Theyought not to be permanently submitted to; but prompt- and the positions and argument* on the other aide. This is par-andactedwithtbe feouthern Kigfau*puny. Ididthentut I would do now,under similar circumstances, and Iam not conscious of any material change in the viewswhich I entertained, touching tne great questions in- be no appeal.Theobjectot VirginiawastovindicateUgiiiatimt aaaoxagt;andbecauseIam nota disunionist now, I ofopinion;todesignatetheseveralconst.itutiotuUdeclarations modes ofin-" JSOI i" the Government of the United States, created by tbe us to weigh well also every step w e take in our on- and impromptu, which it baa been our privilege to eo^ CoiiHtitution,Le*ssGovernment, inthestrict senseoftheterm,volved in that contest. I w a s denounced then as a dis-wardprogress. . " iby,occurredonWednesdayintheSaloonofthepopu-My object, however, this morning is not to inter- lar steamship Columbia, and under the Palmetto nag fashion, with her train of. prematurely withering-pactabsolvingtheoeceedingpartyfromtheobligations imposed byit.In order to understand the reasoning on one side of a quostion, it is necessary to keep in riew the precise state oi the questiontionsoftheStates,ithas,withineachState,theHumoauthority apeople. Itwasthereforeadeaentandwisedetermi- kind,andwhichwilldomosttowardspreadingabroad terthings. A great.free people must have true-in the Htrict sense oi the term, within it* prescribed sphere, as ly redressed, upon the united demand of tke South. ticularly ueceMMtry in question* arising from our norel and com- the Constitutions of the States are,' witnin their respectiveLet ibe appeal be made to the delinquent States.. Having presented these general views, I will 'venture a f e w suggestions m* to the best coarseto be pursued. In justice to myself I mintreier briefly to mj posiuoo in ltfbd, .when w e The cose ot a olaun in a State to aecede from its union with individual wilL '"' men, for w e should not conceal it from ourselves that •were somewhat ittmihtrJy excited. It is well theothersiaaquestionamong'theStates tbeuuolrea as parties "2. Andthatitdivides the supreme powersof Government, uponthegreatquestioninvolved wehavenotonly'theto a compact. between the Government of the United States and the Govern- fanatk-nm of the North, but the sentiment of Europe, known that I opposed the compromise measures, Jn the former case it was asserted against Virginia that the ment of the individual States, is stomped on tbe face of thegrown out oi a neglect oi this precaution. being a compac^jamong the States in their highest sovereign ca- The case of the alien and seditiou aotu waa a question between pacity, and constituting the people thereof one people for cer- the government and the conntituent body, Virginia making anap- tain purposes, it cannot bo altered or annulled at the will of thesupplicating, with humiliation, fasting and prayer, the and such the eud of the great revolution which is nowifestering iniquities, than the. follies of its w o - men. «•Past ladies have we had,, woman's rijfladies;ladieswhomusthavenew.silkdressestosweep* the streets though the husband break or the cbildrea starveforit; girlswhomustspendonthewardrobe«C one what thirty years since would have supported a family, thus drivingfathers andbrothera-to defaloa; rions, frauds, andperjury; mothersiwho.findno better lesrons for their daughters than midnight bails, endingonly with davlight—a gas-light Life, where heart and soularecrushedunder tiuboL .Letourmenbelieveit, andteachora:womenso;the.brokou-down devoteeof"as the Constitution of the State; and ia as much a Constitution,thoee institutions, under the forms of the Constitution,no hesitation in pronoundngtaeintenned^ag of othersunwarranlable~--their chtims pvesumptuotu)—and tbmrremedies totally inadmissible. W e belic-»e, too, thatthings have come to that j>oiat when their fanatical de-signsmustberesistedateverybnaard.War^raybretb--property; and then mutual exhaustion but unappeased nate, to end, perhaps, in military despotisms, armed toand the salvos of artillery which have been flying from ance, hath already allotted to them and to us thebouuds StatetoState,werethefirstsignalsofarevolutionto ofourhabitation;butwecansay,''Letthere benowhose horrors the world's experience could hardly strife, w e pray you, between our labor andyour laborInation upon the part of our Legislature that a day among the nations of the earth, the knowledge of God hearted, whole-souled women. .Nothing has of lateshould be set apart for devotional services of an extraor- and tbe name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.." years marked more the rottenness at heart of pound oystcEB of government. Muoh error and confusion hare Mpheres; but with thk* obvious and essential difference, that dinary character, and our people be invited to unite m God, in his mercy, grant that such may be the spirit, this Union of States, uovr fkliing to pieese from i uguidance andsuccor ©f Almighty God. If ever men at hand. pealtothelatteragulnsttheassumptionofpowerbytheformer. Statesindividually, a»theConstitutionofaStatemaybe atits rstoodinneedofhelpofanOmnipotentarm,wearetheStateshadno.righttointerposelegislative declarations oi opin- instrument,tbepowersofwarandoftaxation,ofcommerceand 'arrayedagainstus,andthatour.enemies mayfindthe ion on a constitutional point; nor a right to interpose at till ot treoiie*, and other enumerated powers vested in the Govern- meann of our destruction within our o w n bosom. ThisMINOR ITEMS. AltENTERTAINMENTUNDER THEPALMETTO..:From The Charlatan Courier, 2M.One of tbe most agreeable, lively and wefl-sustainod;entertainments, of asocial nature, entirely extemporeagaiuHt a deoiaion ot, the Supreme Court of the United States, which was to be regarded aa a tribunal from whioh there couldment of tho United States being of as high and sovereign a char- acter, as any ol the powers reserved to the State Governments.last consideration, while it renders action necessary,makes it also dangerous, and it is incumbent uponwithinthesphereofItspowers,thantheGovernments created am charged with inconsistency and the abandonment terposition by the States against abtues of power, and to estab- by the Constitutions of the States are, within their severallish the ultimate authority of the States ButjMtrsio* to and cr<a- spheres. It is, like them, organized into Legislative, Kxecutive, fere with the businesM of the politician and statesman, and fifteen stars ensign, of Commodore M. Berry.daughters, has left to herself, and. them, nothing thai can.renderthemfittingmothersandwivesforfreemen- We,attho^outh,haveonlypartiallyfallenintotbis carecroffolly, andournowenacting revolution(foe it is upon us) may save us from our down-bill course.OPINION OF THE SOUTHERN PKESS.From The Southern jStaniard* TretUon. Tenn.SooTia. CA.ROLIKA>—This fountain-head of toriev,.of m y Southern Right* principles. From all that has luret oj the Constitution to interpoae, against the decisions ot the aud Judiciary Departmentn. it operates, like them, directly oaItwasknowntosomefriendsoftheHon.Lawrence M.Keittthathewaaexpectedtovisit.thoColumbia about noon, partlya£insowndesireandpartlyinsti- gated bv a.pressing invitation from Capt. Berry; and by. the fact that a good lunch w a s no rarity in.that ship.- ", ., ' . . - . , . •Several gentlemen, friends of both parties, deter-atinutes, in a meeting in Baldwin County, in wnich I stitutional right in each State, »eparal«ly, to decide on and resist but a mixture of both." It was the error of Federalism points upon which w e hav© laid ourselves open to.the mined to see and share this visit, relying o n . Capt. by force encroachments within its limits. A foresight or appre-taea resided. I w a s on tne bench of the Ocmulgee hension of the misconstruction might easily have guarded against ;to consider it consolidated: it is tho error of Secession- rebuke of the Almighty. W e may also see before us a Berry's known good nature, generosity, and hospital-been *uid recently, the country doubtless believes that 2wasanactiveparticipantintheooutestoflboO—injudiciala«wellaatheotherbranobeaoftheGovernment—the authorityofthejudicialbeinginnosenseultimate, outofthe purviewandformoftheConstitution.Much use has been made of the term "respective" in the third resolution of Virginia, which asserts the right of the Stale*, in coses of aufiicieut magnitude, to interpose ''for maintaining within their retpecttve limit- theauthorities, &c,appertaining topersonsandthingw. And,likethem,ithat<atcommandaphysi- cal'forceforexecutingthepower»committedtoit." ,HereMr.Madisondescribesthesourcesoferrorinto which different Classen of politicians fall in considering the nature of our government—one class considering it. a consolidated government andtheother a mere .con-norisittoterrifymenfromacoursetowhichtheyarecalledalikebyeveryconsiderationof.safetyandhonor;itistobegthatyouwill doyour partin.theproper observance of this solemn fast. Look not uponit as a thing of form, but as. a reality, and humble1yourselves before Godin repentance andfaith. ID.the content, excepting a few remarks, not occupying ten them;" theterm "respective" being construed tomean a con- .federation, flibhile it is neither the one nor the other, main we maybe right, and yet there may be many'11••>I'l if!Circuit. I wrote bnt one letter, after the opening of it. Hot, to say anything of the distinction between ordinary and u-m to consider if a mere confederation: it is the creed secure haven and a glorious escape Out of all our ity—De being one of the sort of man that Cajsar de- nullifies rebels, hotheads, f3ols, and traitors has be-the canvass for delegates to the Convention, and that extreme cases, it is observable that in this, as in other instunces of Jefiersonian and Madisonian KepubUcanism that it present dangers, but it is only His arm which can in- sired, and not of your lean and hungry Cassias tribe— come the standard of Southern statesmen. It furnished•was after the election. I appe<J to that for the evi- throughout the reaolutious, the plural number (State*/ is used in referring to them . that a oouourreuoe'and cooperation of. all dence that I was not for secession then, and that I might well becontemplated in interpositions foreffecting theob- Mood then, in reference to the action of the State, pre- jects within reach; and that the language of the chxing resolution cisely where this communicatioc will show that I stand oonesponds with ihi» view of the third. The course of reason- ing in the report on the resolutions required the distinction be-tween a. State and the State: Theletteralludedtowaswrittenonthe5thofNov. ItsurelydoesnotfollowtxomthefactoftheStates, or ratheris"neithertheonenortheOther,butamixture of sureourreachingit. InthesenseinwhichIamnow andrelying,also,onthewell-krvownelasticityand both. ' ... regardingtheevilsthatsurroundustheyarenotHis stretchingqualitiesofthesteward""sarrangements,,andthe muin body o5 tories 5n the Revolution. Then . supportedAaronBurr forthe.Presidencyinstead of Thoma#Jtefferson^ the author o f t h e Declaration o f Jar- dependence and founder of the Democratic party. T h e1?50» in reply to James 8. Hook and others of Wash- the people embodied in them, having, as parties to the constitu- ington County, w no asked my " opinion with r^fw- tional compact, no, tribunal above tnom, that, in • controverted meanings of the oompact, a minosity of the parties con right- fully decide against tne majority, still less that a single party can decide against the rest, and as Uttle that it can at all withdraw it-MOVEMENTS IN TEXAS.Tbe following preamble, resolutions, and address to Gov. Houston have been adopted by a meeting of thecitizens of Galveston:Whcrea*, TheElectoral vote of the Northern Stateswinbe cast in favor of the docttine of the " irrepressible conflict," and for tbe.aVowed advocates of that doctrine, Lincoln and riarolin, thefirstofwhomhassolemnlydeclaredthatthinGovernment cannot last as U now stands—it must be all fren'or all slave: the other, defying the Supreme Court, suya that the Constitution " neither recognizes Slavery as property, nor does, it protect slaves." Annas it is apparent that this war,solongwaged againsttheinstitutionsoftheslaveholdingStates,willcontinue intheUnion,andthattherecanneitherbepeacenorsafetyto the slaveholders while it is carried on; therefore, .Ke$oleed, That Texas, aaasovereign andcoequal State of this Union, cannot and will not sabmit to the threatened degradation foreshadowedbythetriumphof BlackRepublican priueiplesin theeleotionofLincolnandHamlin. Intheeloquentlanguagehave borne ourselves too haughtily in this long strife,which is now come to its decision; if w e have repelledaggressionwithtoomuchpridojandrepaidinsult with-violence; if wa,bave left unfulfilled many^duties whichwe owed to.tljjfpeople, whom alone with ourselveswe are protecting from the insane folly of our adver- per and apirit of. the running debates forcibly remindedsaries; if w e have allowed. abuses .and oppressions one of Congresa,, barring only t i e elements of. dullnesswhich should have been checked by the strong hand of and vulgarity, now too comraon in Songresa,. Inter-thelaw,andthesternrebukeofarighteouspublic ruptionswerefrequent,andgenerrJlyeliritftdhappyopinion; Isay,ifwehavedone-thesethings,ls|tthese retort* or rep^rteee. Itishapossib-etogiva-even anthings undone, failed BOfar in our duty toward God outline sketch, of. such an oscasiou^and the considera- tne Federal Govertunent, and there is nothing lacking-«mce to the policy to be pursued by our State," in the then emergency. After briefly reviewing the compro- jai^e meanures, I said:*' What then isthe proper Kne of policy for Georgia 3a the present emergency 7*'Thewrongs/ofwhichwecomplain arenotpecu-liar to Georgia, but common to all the slaveholding•elf altogether from its compact with the rest.The characteristic distinction between free Governments andGovernments notfree is that theformer are founded on compact, not between the Government and those for whom it sots, but amongthepartiescreatingtheGovehnneut. Kaonofthese being equal neither can have more right to say that the compact has been violated and dissolved than every, other has to deny theThey were maddenod when Calhoun failed to effect. thafefl scheme of eecission, and have ever since made their patriot\*>ru subservient to revenge. T h e St^le b a a . no.causefor.ccmplaiat. Noslavecanescapefromher fur souther* borders. Thotariff pays theexpenses of"gtates* Ht;nce, in amy action wbich our State may fact and to insist on the execution of tiie bargain. An inferenceandourfellowbeings—andwhocanlayhishandupon hisheart,andsaythatwehavenotr-thenisitourpart tohumble'ourselvesbeforeGodassincerepenitents, acknowledge the justice of His dealings, and deprecate His anger. It is notto ourains IA general that weshoulddirect ourattention at thisjuncture,but tooursinsinparticular—intbespecialrelationofourtiondueto a strictly socia..'andinformaloccasionfor- bidiaeventh<&attempt.Wemayremark,howevnr,that.B.R-Carroll,esq., and. " Governor" A . H . P«own yiere among the prom- inentspeakers,andwhether one ox theother bore off thepalm,itwasdecidedunanimouslyby.thedelightedhuttoko«pupaSfciteGovernmenttoherliki^f. The' Federal Government,then,doesnotlaythe<*reigbtoT itslittle finger t^ponher,buthastoendureherOWK jjTessxnea w h o swini in wJbisky and bully all Wash^ uxgton.TheJjruthisthatSouthsCarolinaneverbarla^cwthij*. of witdom,moderation,orconservatism,andbaanpwr become completely deranged.W e love Tennessee and Kentucky. T*eir bannetw have floated e.ver every battle-field in triampli and g i * - ry, and never did either utter a sentiraead dialoyaf to* tno Union> Their citi*ona are noble a n d patriotic, s o * huve ever delighted to honor such moo as Clay SMBMC Jjtckson.Upon'these men, even in her bettess daya»,Soutfe Car-adopt, she should regard herself only as an integralpartoftheSouth,audshouldactonly inreferencetolb* concurrence and cooperation ox the slaveholdingfrom the doctrine that a single State ho* a right to_»eced*» **• w^ fromtherestisthattherestwouldhaveanequalrighttosecede fromit;inotherwords,toturnit,agulnst'itswill,outofits union with them. Such a doctrine would not, till of late, haveStates. T b e interests of 6hkv*)iy and those of cotton, been palatable nnrwliere, and nowhere less so than where k isjjce and sugar are identical, and must snare the saxueSabv,and,therefore, at least the States engaged inthese product* should be united in measures of r«dress©r future security. Hence, I have never favored the garded as a right impliedly reserved in the original social ooni-'partuipantsthateacheqialedoaexcelled,himself.octal life, which i&endangered, and through which Our esteemed and uoeful Chaplain, and friend and?pact.or as a reasonable indulgence, it is not exempt from certain, rx,hoy of separate State seccssieo-r-uot that I question condition*.' U must be used without injustice or injury to the the right, but because I do not regard it an effectual coxnnjunityfrom ^biob the expatriating party separaton nim^eil. aetne^Tfor past wrongs or a potent s a f e g u a r d e d * * * Assuredly h e could not withdraw his portion of territory from iutore aggressions. , the common domain. In the ca»e of a State seceding from the M Indeed I am frank to «ay that I would not di»- Union, itsdomain would bedlxuiemoered, and other cousequencesbrought oh not less obvious than pernicious. a aolve this Union, by secession or otherwiee, for what I ought not to omit my rtgyrt that in tbe remark on Mr. Jeffer-bas already been done,ii any assurance canbe obtained son andmyself thenames nod notbeen transposed.fcotn the North that they will cease their aggm«oou», Having many reasons for marking this - letter confidential, Itional dictation. Sorrowing for the mistake which she hod com-monitor of sailors and &3agoins£men,, was. also present^tand nennit us to remain quietly in the Union. Our ot through any channel. Among therWsons m therisk of mis- W of policy then, in m y poor judgment, is to adopt apprehensions or misconstructions, so common, without more « S i measure* as will prevent all future encroachments attention and development than I could conveniently bestow onbrinicprotectionto«Uvepropertyandpermanent p«oce tobotto ftnee,we also^examine ourselves carefullyasU>the Tuesdayevening,andofhisdevoted andconfidentialsection* . the Federal Constitution and the compact with Texas manner in which w e have discharged our duties as friendship with tfes lamented Preston S. Brcoks. A t Whigs abandon the teachings of Clay, and veterannow most routeuded for. . ' . • • ' Acarele-viewofthesubjectmightfindananalogybe<ween Statesectionandindividualexpatriation. Butthedistinctionis obvious and essential. J&rw in the latter ease, whether re- of Gov. Houstou, " S h e would prefer restoration to that inde- pendence shei>nce enjoyed to the ignominy ensuing from sec-In another number I shall show the utter incompati- doings, and I trust w e may with justice add, they are the tablts in the saloon of the Colombia,..bility of 8eceHtiou arguments with the language and not our doings, and yet w e are never so guiltless as to A very bouatifuJ and varied collatioa was. aoousubstance of the Constitution- AMOS KKNDAUL. . leave God without justification in punishing, us. If we' spread before the guests, but tho. chief charm,of the next Characteristic step was to nullify thelaws of Coo-and on account of whish this evil has come upon us..mitted in sacrificing her iodependence at the altar of her patriot- That our accusers are wilHully and dishonestly blind and will not soon forget the u finnumont" story.ism,shewillunfurlthebanneroftheLoneStartothebreeze, doesnotprove,nsblameless,andthegangeristhat •W.F.Dodge,esq.,whowasoneoftheparty,lad.and reenter.'upon a national career where, if no glory awaits hor, along with our righteous condemnation ot their ajaj- deliberately armed nimself with an. innocent-lookinghe will at least be free frojnu ;subjeotiou by might to wrong and giesfcionH and indignant repudiation of their aspersion*^ weapon, wbioh externally w a s a cane, but internally*Heoolved,ThataunionvriththeNorthernStates,underBlock theremaymingleatoneofself-justificationanda arifleoftriedpowecandrange. Hedesiredto,be-Republican priacipiea aud rule, cannot be submitted to withoutloss of sed-respeet and the good opinion of the world; the Union Tljis day will be well and profitably spent if ak>ng as a token of admiration a n d approval of his fijiUanthave beeu violated; "The Covenant which Texas went into'* masters, andour.obligations as law-givers toward tho the special.request of Mr.. I>odge, B. R. Carroll, esq* Democrats repudiate the maxim* of Jackson, to wor- n ^ Q i T r i g h t s . T o render these .effectual tney must wbotissaid. With respect. J AMKS MADlSOtf. with tbe Federal Government was through voluntary annexor race which Providence' has placed under our charge; at very short notice, undertook to present the caaeT ship at the shriue of South 0>rolina, just when herWishing to be assured that- the letter has not miscarried, a £ a 2 the approval and cooperation of those States single line acknowledging its receipt will be acceptable,tion and her consent given upon " conditions" and " Kjuwno- tirs:"'-Iftheconditionof heradmission is notoompliedw»th on the one port, tt is oot binding en ehe other-'* Y.and this examination should beaccompamsd witha full purpose of amendment^ whereinsoever w e find ourselves to have 'offended* It is vain to talk of re- pentance where there Is no honest adniission of blameanddischarged that commissionwtth reiaapkabie s«»x cess. • - -madness and revenge have reached the climax ? W e hear the answer from every bill-top and every vaBey-^- frem every Whig and every Democrat oomiiig to the conservative element o f t h e other States, louder than seVeupeah>of thunder* K o ! never, while the past iawhich trrow cotton, rice and sugar." „ Tbes^are my onions now,»ofaras they are apph- «j!bVto tbe existing circumstances. 1 am opposed to[Some persons might conclude from thestatement in the beginning of thi* letter. " A rightful secession re- quires tbe consent of the Others," c*c, that Mr. Madi-Revived, That the Governor be requested U>oonveu«rtbe l^egUlatur.; at an early day. lor the exi«enoy•has ar»seu oontem-j.lated by the Legislator© i" khslr act of Bebroory. 1&>V. Wwhich." in tfaoWujigft of the law. v it.w. necessary for the —worthiness, -and no fixerf resolution of reformation— fisted on giving Mm a compHmehtary fee in the «hai>oS w n r l o n n o w b> sece*don or otherwise, and for son recognized in un extreme case the abstract right ofsecessionnowclaimedbySouthCarolina,But,by Stateof.Texas&«.ctalpne,orbyConventsonrepie-*nt»ngthe 1'orthcteenterintoiraveryessence;andthoughwomay ofanliecane. . . -*»pv rememberedortrueBtatesmaurthiphasfootholdinsovereignty of the SttttO, the Ooveruor is reqpest^tocau a, eHcare present.dangeni, through the /rood Providence America! Theborder,States hour tho eufleriag aud t L T ^ course wbich I then suggested for tbe State Con- reference to bis letter of March, 1833. to Mr, Webster, Kf,.Mi«i tmiibfiat the ls«BJJ»l»tttxe to proytuc fpT such Station- of God, yet other evi'^ will rise up against uayat H is Mr. Keitt had no notice 'whatever of the mUutkm loye»ieiulaiig from the Union, and will uoi hesiudeVWCw w a s contained inthe loUowiag propositioaa.it will be W»nthat hi there «tat©» that " the right ofYOoUo*.'* •of this preeentaUou, but ibe gaUant repreettntauvu of to rcrsadiate thospurious guardianship and anneal v%m -^—.^v.w7A-rrwww.fultonhistory.com-,J«aJ BJJB'.'J. '•'/Untitled Documentspirit of self-complacency altogether unwarranlsBd. stow oneof the riflo-canea oa the Hon.L.M. JReitt;can only be preserved by such guaranties from UMV -Northern with prayer for guidance and help, for succor and de- services generally, of hi* able and stirring speech of olina waved an unceasing and malicious war. What,roust request that its publicity may not, be permitted in any mode States as will restore the equality of the States in the Union, and then, shall w e do iu this hour o i peril.? W iU OWStill it is bheground of sincere satfefaction and one ted to Gov. Moore. Th»' following is his letter m**%Inhereut inernment;andiftheirportistobeafree^aortofentry, ourendurancetothetest,letus-imploreHimthatwo Churchcouldscarcelyeontian*•»potUSealunion;*n&vKeream,-Buthowtbelateelectionotascslional Ptosidaet, upontbe—m^Jrtasi- fromwhatsourcewill-th«revenuecome?,Itisfoolish maycomeforthfromthefurnace^purifiedby adversity, plesthatdividedtbeChurch.mak«MusadiVtinottadseparatepe+~,thatourfaith;maybeupheld,an<»ourcourse approved i n H i s s i g h t ; a n d i f H e s h o u l d p r o s p o r . o u r w a y a n d bless our counsels, that w o may wear our honoremeek- ly,inaspiritfarremovedfrom vaingloriousboasting orinsolenttriumph. Thusactingandthusfeeling,we mayfail,butwewillnotbedishonored/ We maybe overthrown, but cannot be '*forever fallen."Another caution seems appropriate to the present crisis; Thecourse we are pursuing, necessary for'our own preservation, may, anddoubtless will, inflict gseat•State. It is very evident tomy mind that either Free- wehearthemutteringH of that, commercial revuLnon Jaines Gray;ton, S. C.. on the day of Public Prayer,day Nov. 121, 1860, by the Rev* James H. Micahii.",.—Are these His-doings? '•'.Wednes- Elliott.nOt a spectacle at which we should point the fingerof scorn and say,." There! there ! so would w e have A JAEL BAJTNKR.it!" That such a feeling is already too predomi- A Charleeton paper ofthe 23d wtysc-nant among us—that it'.pervades our conversation, Mr. John T. Milligaa, the District Jailor, will ua»> our public prints. and our speeches, is too appa- furl to-day a very fit banner for the place and oocasioaurent to be denied. But be assured it is wrong; and It consists-of a_ white field, neven_ by five feet square. be assured, if indulgedin, God will be provoked to with a perpendicular line of diviaion drawn through turn our rejoicings into mourning—our triumphs the center. On the section furthest from the buildiny«! •iupon the spirit of a man while contemplating the mis- has furnished the South with a means of defense circle is a Palmetto treej oyer wbich is the word TosaythataStatecannotsurrenderormergeherown eriesofhisrace. Aroundhimarestrewedwrecksof aspeacefulasitisstrong—aproductwhichren- "Secession." Oneachsidearetwo•bluestars,andsovereignty, ia to deny the existence of sovereignty happiness, individual and domestic, which press upon ders us independent of any single nation, simply be- beneath the words " All Aboard." Above this Btar„itself;torhowCanastatebesovereignwhich cannot bisheartinallthebitternessofpersonalgrief;andthepeople composing it. What is tbe United States ? The people composing them in the sense of the Constitution where it says, " We,, the people of the United States." The grants of the Constitution are to the United States,tural and easy incorporation of State after State intothe ever-widening system of coequal' Sovereignties—and then, perhaps, it will.fall to his lot to narrate thestrange catastrophe which ensued. H e will go back somefew years., and describe the slow and fatal growth of ft. and strive to render our controversy with the Nortn Under the above heading, a woman- writes thus fcepeneelesaandarrogantfanaticism, which, from a be- as little exasperated as possible. Althoughwemay theeditorofTheCharleston- Meroury?.againsttheoverwhelmingtideof fanatical aggression wewouldsuggesttheputting,,ofsubscription listsurn.the refuge of the oppressed and the dread of tyrants. our policy. The. South has only to be firm and united,He may describe its rapid progress in-population, andshewillsoonbeindependentofanyconnectionbut availinghimselfofwhenhewastaken•up.bythedark- wealthandpower;thepeace,security,andconfrater- suchasshe-choosesherselftoform. Consciousofher ies. Thestanzaabovethis,nity .of its several members; their disdain of foreign strength, she should use it with forbearance, inflictingaggrestion and freedom from, civil Btrife—-their rapid .upon ner assailants no further injury than is required expansionfromonegreatoceantoanother—theirna- forherowndefense,andpreparedagainto/knittheentertainment; whiSi was unconaciqusly prolonged to twilight, "was found in the socia'jfconvenje and iutellec- tuaiexenange. Speechesofthe"cutanddried'.'order were out of ordgr, and were not even attempted; but speaking was lively and varied, and.the tone and tem-gresaAad draw the sword, against a Government pre- sided over by su*h men as Jackson, Clay, and V^eb- gter.I Ever hinae then the turbulent anddisunion der menta of the Government hava made their headouar- t e r i i n South Carolina.So well pleased were all the hearera vrith.Mr. Car- roll's remarks of presentation, that. tfr. Do'd«e in-bondsth»tunitedasTrittftheNortb.inChxistianooJtimujrfssK'Tbe ladies of the city, arc going to-present the lion.iaa log,maul, andaxe, which he- was-in the aoi o£ i?*iiiM.iptti.*'lL'iri::.„W,bf«^SSiS«..Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 