 ./House of Rqpnaentatives, he signalised himself by a organised for tbe year, by the eleetloaac—jw^»^'= "®Jf Itei-ffth VBVr.TDBfc, MOWPAT,of^ ci|m.The motionplurality rule to the bitter end." The nominated by kaavifiii politioiaos in secret eoM- ^dMi oidy oThooses certifled to be sbeady asnun (nor) ur^imiwt wwy t/TtBlBt-rilmtw* Ovn, Hn«<»t lUtThe Woman's of the State of New-ing Mr. SHKBHAir. Are we to stand by forever and see tbe business of the c^ntry suspeodedSupervisors. If knows any judicial anybodysystem in the world worse than this, we shouldimportsis tofrom the stand orHorCb by which heM. Cnoonstitntiooal;aid Of the -edy ». sr ^..SSToalSL Ili !^n* KKW-TOBK aonU(*i><n* HXW-TOaK tnOM (»! wiiMy)-T«Ml »«-Hospiul on Saturday, York ctelebraled its fifth anniversarybalance had btmqoiaadJfar\l^.?^y ^llWilmDIMmMlMii*gftTll>«MA». IM VXW-TOBK tIiaSnrMkly>-4w* DoiuM • -year; t!n«*l«.t*«M Mna. IbrTwBiTaDbLUM; t—>ir«!<».*»WW»<liMi.lwT»MnI)<«iiiM^ar mawMv*** Ctal tftmmtg tr man, wHltt at-• tiSnVoK^AUTCBnA k t«MiA«i«a »• HfrttylUttmiMii. Mw,iBvnw«n.f»!>»» ih«ll.MllM 1>BM-ChikInifiaHrliadTiBM.Ai WMNto ktaiiran* to Ibt " ViT-Tou Ti ui.AsueBieBtB Thia Erenlac. WALLACK'a THB*TKB-Hn8BAiii>ioO«D««-KT»»T- llSS2 KMs'b'S THEATRE-JBiSII DtUIS, 0« TMAd^esses were msde bycertainlysign-antique,A^itSS^^" beaU^uT^ „ -,I^Mtf««r; land whatto ItseoiddLiTerpool on the 4th, toucbing at Queenstown the following mor-atmad in the determination of the Secretary of ^ ar to order to Florida Capt. Kxios, now engaged on1856, forced upon the country by the intem- perate zeal of the Pro-Slavery South, the wholeIs it a provisionspeech of eminent ability In opposition both to tha not Bank of the Tlnlted States and a system of pet banks;creating much suffering among the Indiansman has a right, uikder our System of Government, tothey on the outside of the building. The moral lesson, employ his Industry and in the mode his own clothes with a candle wtUe she was Is the tea• ourpropriety of sustaining the second writ.incladhig 2,500balesin triuitu,atveryfirmprices. Flour wasdoUsndlower. Wheatwasinactive andun- KiBto'a eABD«w-0»9M'i •TAi AxranazAiu settled. Com agaia declined, with heavy receipts and a restricted inquiry. Bye and Barley were in request. Provisions were moderately dealt in, aslitical relations of Slavery were taken, and the celebrated work of HaLraa 6itequivocally in- dorsed, with the exception of a single point,« atnaatiotaf, of tbe two hnndced andirn~riBXABtOFMlI>-LOTHJA»;patrioticEQonaus Tsecra. iriNTXB OARDCN—I-isni.andthatthis Linseed Oil, Hay, Hops and Clover Seed, Hides Judges themselves. The Legislature is asked auditory, manynw BOWXBT THKATRE—Tai OnoMOK—Hu- oout, Ki>» or Own.BABinnrt MTISBCK—Afltneon—Tmr TOMUXas y*Qia Tots—C<ml aj a Cii( SKMoawnilnu. Brcalng—A Hi -^AiAraar.HOnOBAPKL-IU.unIbi.TAaiiiav^fr'lSumatio'were likewise Groceries. Naval Stores, Tallow, the personal lobbying and solicitation of thespeechlistened to by a largesilencedthe wredt was eteaicd away. UaucnnD PaKAOHnia.—Teateiday—Tax Labt orto be cowards if hethese facts are most significaat andpromiseeflblseharaeteriatiM fotata. ti tktoMr. Kiuer wooU not asMat, sad la dsKslt*^ *s paymentof tMlas.wlileh waathaalaneeefwm foekedapiatke Teobs. •"--"• LTont—Thi Aonus or AU Wou.hischaracter so,sadwaseaasequeatlylakeabefiafstwmbtMniinriTwmrnnm munrr-^—rtheiror his power, risking home,OUT, whoolisradtodlseharae Ua'mCBICKUmiS'S KOOMS, Bitwdnjr-CHAnn Coir-andhislifetosavehispc^ionspercentageof bewooM tonbtim^"profitCanUbethatthe "patriarchal instituiion"needs to be thus defended and maintained ? FOI<mCS IN TISGINIA.feaaiVINTH-l(Un. BXAX BBOLDWAT-HotU «r Kns aoMMoa't TmwJ.LIBBABT HALL, Navuk—Dkattos's Pablos OrUAi. SiROK OUTiaA.CHATHAM AMPBTTHEATRG—EQSXSTtiAaPimroaii- AiioU—Hat Pxu's UntSTUu.PALACEOABOIK—TasAnBinaikCo.'aHnAaiiu.KIBLOV SALOOM—Oiosoi Chubtt's Mikstuls.•CRAVB' OALLXBT—No. «• BnMdvar—PAUin-s StATim. " lB» W»H»CArnTm."NEWS OFjTHE DAT.philan-Chicago,The most obvious is, we doubtis expected to speak to-day, and prominent menfrom all puts of the country were congregating atthe Capital to hear him. He is to attempt to show our history, brought fairly and legitimately intoof the futui^ happiness andtriumphto the be-port a white porpoise, which vraa caught la Asthst the President has the authority to repress in-the field of The political controversy.even by the Democracy. It was bitterly deiionnced—name he had the right to express his mrture to redta that at a time when so maay shrank from thaRepub- lican Party rose into existence, and grew into power,fromthatcontest. Nothing,then,could California dates to the 30th ult. are telegraphed be more natural than that the men who hadTasions of one State by the citizens of anotherfeelingbybyWhigsagain placing himself in oppoaition to the Chief fcecntive.; adalttedtoJas.», discharged, cured or relieved, 4> : died, S; le-Malloy'sCai«asTa> la^esca. AOCIDKBTAL ABD TIOLBBl DIAIBI.Station. TheStateLegislaturewasfromabout to assemble at Sacramento, and there wasbecome accustomed to defend the rights of rwer these questions except in the affirma-ii Gwni, and Gen. DiMyn, who the habit of Jg^ bg BsySsTjh.r ^BIMmw- liAnAlrt support, were the prominent—that, as a Kentucklanbirth andand Conservatives, headed by Clat,WiBKLT Bbpobs or THB Nbw-Tobk BoaFi-lAL.—Remaining on Jan. U, 3S»ntncb speculation among the politicians gatheredthere as to who would be the successful candi- the perversity of Uie organized institutiondence In theof the whole sound of the and Lioboba YoLrvxiB, a child 1 yean of afs, »>'were dying in largehad been ordered from them until the title should be settled. Among tbe namertnu items of interest by this mail is the aniKMincement of a terrible storm at Puget'sConstitutioLalists under the lead of Yallk and office for wtiich he has been nominatedand voluntary action the greatest results of general East Thltty-alahtb- street, the rmlrtere ef dks aSA and benefit wUl flow, were scouted as a parents The same Coroner iavesitgatsdthesand cattle, whichstated British tlu^lbeknown peraon was given.Toad on Saturday afternoon, whichfind Mr. Hcsrsa, whils maintaining with firmnessto^;this,the Northto countenance anpublicmightwellI nextanch a conflict. the other wUd Among;in Honey Lake Valley.immbeia,A Ull bad been introduced into the Legislature of Waahinston Territory in favor of organizing the Islands between the Caiud de Haro and the Strait ofBaasanoas Hsmey County. These islands, it will be remembered, are disputed territory. ItWMwould have beenif thehappiness *—'.'^ monstrous Democratic heresy. To those who of the «^^it** of aa ***«^nt which washave been nnmlndfdl of the great progress mads ^ ' ' towards the true principles of poUttcal econ- 13 Stanton-street. f~particularlyKentucky,doors of the Hall ofcompletei'SoundsOur correspondent in the City of Mexico relatesTV m. who was banished bom CalUbiaia Mulligan,resulted in no loss of life and but little destruction of pro- perty. Just after leaving Milford the axle of the orivhig wheel of the locomotive broke, and before the tidn could be checked the trucks of the tender were thrown from the track; the baggage car, which eontaioed nine gentlemen, was turned up-great prin-the one en- the views of his constituents, yet never re- ill Teath-avaaue. Upon etoeer acnmnleferrea to, received serious liyury.Capt, BiexLOW was again on the stand at Law-iwce, on Satorday, in cnrder to afford an opportu- ntjr lot a teeismlintion relative to the iron pil- ytand mortar woAs of the Pemberton Mill. Mr. Vbmus DoiLirxB, who had been engaged inmightTnostprinci- ple of Virginia, in the memorable ooateat vrlsea this wretched system of oath-bound proaartptiOB, mentaltbe ovetbanling ruins,testified to theimperfectiona of all changes made in tbe amount published in Georgia, under the ominious and andfooting practicescountry whose doctrinesofficer,l« asalaof several of theTite eoBtrfbntions for the relief of the survivors,were so subverslv* ofran olT. He was IThere have beenfor some timeloglotUs organlzatloa were exammed by Mr. Hsnaa,AuaiungBoardhasfieryconsequences.Thifpermitted livesandliberty,andproperty,underthesUeld andaccuracyofourtroopshe meant to excite a fierce social contro-resembles that of an urchin who—— FeUee Refeila,which he hadpilUra inspected.advantageshow we are to be preserved from the regular Confederacji, has issued a solemn list of the a patient and coiBprabeastve the doetriaes of Ac, ana also several latdi^kays.AB 0U> aiOBT. ^_,_. OlEcer Carr, on Saturday aftsraooo, sue*aiof theGovemment for which the Democracy were contend- lism Francis, jnst arrived from St.Hsu fkr made in thisCity,Boatd the facU:That$35,693 develops followingwere deposited with the Artisans' Bank of New-warwitheverymaalyandgeikeroussentiment. With paint-ticketathat tbe State Treasurer ofMichigan, Mr. Jobk MoKui- BXT, has made improper use of the State m(>neys.reportspastof such' humiliating and ominous "Black" and another of the " White"doubted whether he is a ainner above all them spectacles as we are now witnessing—judges of New-York engaged in the dry-goods busi- uBworthy of freemenMat of thetias bcendiarfes.recentlyarts;8ome, hoHerer, from PTM"TM)."J? who hla school ar» i»s|isiiisi>"damagesexpected to value a vindicationposition moreof hispersonalInstead ofJudgesholding officeduring goodof thepersona organizingsand-Blone, appear too largalr combinedrather refractory under the process usually empJoyealera to daaoa. A BenraeHaa.te tbe writ of error qasahgranted by TheDemocrats,or aportionWetiera Slates. Besides those reiiloa, large deposits of bog UvB Ofe cxfttiiitioa.apassedresolution declaringcontemporary.street,wereatdinner,thehousesyssyS^to^W^u-htrtet~ingantagonists deny; and it would accordingly the Bar who have signed this petition, that if low-creatures in the way of mortgage.seem to be tolerably clear, to men Independentdent on that road. The track was not cleared until i o'clock on Friday morning.D. D. Owen, State Geologist of Indiana, reportsday oThorp,valuedtoMr.'.._ . ^procure the goods.untrue. Justice QcAoxxaainu comaitted theHSS^STtTthe-hl^e^;£?ties, thataandpracticaltbe scheme they are supporting be carried into effect, we shall have periodical agitations forNow we don't intend to afford a gratuitous advertisement to either of these lists, but weamount to$4,17125.awaseBtsrM todo; thisMr.ClabeofMissouristillrefusesto oftheirconscienceandtheirhonor,dssceading Those"foundinthewhjtelist, onthecon- thisCityonFriday,bythsMontrealpassengertrain UtlaWllliama,ayoungcoloredwoaaa,jrtopjo""are soimd on tbe Hudson River Rsilrosd, that the express which p about tSSwoith^elothiogln a bu«dlk*era»«wjf constitutional houses, and left this City the night ptevloas, ran elf the track ne|r Jnstparatng out of the froat door wlik tea;, erehlp has accordingly subsided into an issue the creatures of caucuses and conventions for are yet interested in the institutions the Schodack. The accident yraa caused by a broken when MrTHalght observed her^and ladker au«"?|>_happilyrelative value of to the demonstrationsismoney steadilyde-— Constitutionoeesslonad by the Qnaran-with sm- says, patroa"lxethan an organization behavior, and independent of any man's favor, to compel the Black Houses of the North into cloua maierlals, which has a tendrncr to render them working people tkat warns to'.•' ik» Coot ot Appeals, on Friday Isst, on a motionhighly National House ofVhaeaseofBrmnanwassgain arguedbeforeof thefor a sum the diminution or in-of them in the crease of which is alike impossible, with a is only a remote and ultimate purpose. Tbe'ly tbe IHstrlet AttiitiieK cm ««• Ktoami pact among themselves to oppose tte adeptioii not OM to aot tasely—we ahsH tet« jal^ < t>t» bayiaf their dry®imJAJT. 33, MW. that it was cwiaiaatlythe practice in Bngiand to of this compact, will hardly deceive the most just longthat a sddond writissue in tlie samewas opposed by Mr. AnvtAD, who contendedeasy to the Brokers, at &@7Tbeincrease In themore than three hours inin which thetouchof her thumbandforefinger ;thedsogb-nt i'SiB^proposedJudges'salaries,length,London.Sales were made of 3,800 bales Cotton,overtnmed aadthrewmlia—illa>i1ye«iaas>iM>iefc- tbe tost paaMBger«arwasttara<radowBaa«sndLeatherweredepressed. Whiskywssplenty, snd a shade cheaper. Freights were quiet, with 436 vessels of all classes in port.good's, when be travels Northward to make hisTkeMr. SHnMAM's explanation of his position, onFriday, tboogh rather tardy, was both manly and pertinent While expressiog a perfectiitDtttt |s"SpeakeraUp.speak,had counselled that faestiould bewiffingnesa to avow or disarow everysenti-ment contained in Hxlpzb's book, yet so longaa the offensive resolution of Mr. ClIbx liesbefore the House—a resolution introduced inNorthernmen,andNorthernan manner, and urged withmay reasonably be presumed to enable them to perform tbeir duties even better than their ju- niors, is to create an invidious and unjustifiable die,unparliamentarythisunwontedTIrglidaIntkeDemecrmtieOeaveatleB—Tke 61WestTweaty-fomth-stieet.arguments which have implied a prejudgment,any justification of himself against the chargeshim. Ifexplainphenomenon, is'WwLT or Wlae umi BsHter—Haatei^ Pab- UoI.ire.eBoc -^ could not of tbe "—ofthecase Mr.Sheshahrefiisestoenternpon distinctioD.aaceCoapealas— Coopedwhich have been broughtrepudiatesthat some members of tbe bench should be dignatioD. Whatever may be the faults of theRicBMOitB, Ta., Wednesday, Jan. 18, ISM.No. ISSrHndsoa-street oa Satorday evealaa, baOpssa S and 7 o'clock. Tbe iaaee were nnaflikai ba>of his legs badly crushed.Am Istxuscoio Lxcruaa.—Bev. Dr. X. P,lecture this oa "JSzMalaa eveningbi Rev. Dr. Ta*samepretence of constitutional qualms, as the motire clave, elected enougha rabble at the serving wUiie as snow, and as oonstUattonal as a ten- polls,to make a seeoad term af miles-wslk In a fhisty morning. It is theand for a salary the amount Georgia purohaaer who is to be inspected, pomoa ofCourt of Anpeals entertains much doubt ai to ino ritant to the BepubUcan determination of elect- litical majority of the Legialatnre or Board of the " stencil-msAs " on the goods which heallow such writs for the second time In thecase. Mr.Abrkkadcitedmanyinstancesofsuchmictice from the books. It is understood thst the been made, it has been made aa a counter-ir- of which will depend upon the votes of the po- supervised and kept In the right path. It isInnocent rural constituent. If the compact has office aneeessl^,whan'Drs. Frakoi^ Gm„ andStepdikk, Bev. Dr. Pbimj, Bev, Mr. Milbub.v and Bepublicanlsmveryinterettiogcharacter. utteriyrefusingeventopermitthemselvesto Intoourown.Eev. Dr. Cot one of the Secretaries of the be informed what It Ainerican Home Missionary Society, preachedmeans. They imply, ac-Cassias K.at the FraaUort.atlL. raetftad ta a_morning, in the Allen-street Presby- terian Church, a sermon In hebslf of that Society.cordingly, a comparative disposition to treat with the first Why not take them at the sense of their position?Jndtclal Salaries.the of populationiUa IksyesterdayGeorgiaself iato one vast detective police. Tfaehns-ACOIBKIT OH TUBmarket on was weak in the SaturdayThe facts that Cassids M. Clat on the lOtbinst, was allowed to deliver from the steps ofthe capitol at Frankfort in Kentucky, a speech detecting an unconstitutional flannel by the Just after pasainc MUfiotd, eal wkae tfar^AapsadThe Stockforenoon on most of the Bailwsy Shares, hutband is to educate the wife of his bosom intoclos^ steadier at the SecondBoard. Honey cent, on call, and cent, on ^rime Merchant Paper, 60 days^to 6 months. Foreign Exchange steady, 109 on which tbe late Board of Supervison refused to boldest if not the most radical view on the po-of thirty miles aa hear. Tke Isooowtive w^ ^„j, ter and the mother are to act as a combined stxhondnd feet before tt eoald be slij,n_| ij^againstMr. Clabe will withdraw his resolution paid more highly than others, and we have no people Kentucky,fare Bsaterlal anytemporarily, so that Mr. Shixman can doubt that every one of them dessrves farfeel bis woundedgrievous pressure, the Bepublican candidate two wrongs, nevertheless, do not make one "for the Speakership offers to give Mr. Clabk right The fact that owing to the nat- such men and in Kentucky, that I speak here t»-uponbnr nationallife, was,for the first time inportiongoodgor-colleague,justice and msgcanlmity ef Keatucklans. I never late year have snffideatly famlllsriaed yon wltl^hisThi Potokao Ona.—The Potomac Bivs ie atself-respectof Btnma andWna are engaged in a bitter straggle for the mastery^ and for tbe time being the pretensionsThe (teunsUpning, reached here yeiterdsy. Her advices had and the Democracy and the House full satisfac- ural and legitimate operation of a sys- —Bdmiwgh,booibeenThe Democratic and Bepublican members of thenight Thebravearealwaysgsnerooa always!and tion. At the same time he renews his state- tem which was deliberately established placing Implicit confidence in this great fundamentalIgnored betweentherivalrosesathome.anticipated.Broadway. The populaiity of the leetttter, asa a de- Wniyonkikowenoughofbyreputation,andUs siretoseethissdialiablework,vrlUbeaeeiMaa- tKm of iadnoemeats irlileh caaaot Ml to in Usement, previously made, that, at the solicitation by the last Constitution of the State, it truth, I have never feared to go forth through all thisHouse have diverted themseWga with caucusessince the adionmment on Friday, wbthing has beeneffected which gives the least nope of an organiza-tion. The Democrats are about to try as their can-didate Mr. William N. Shith, of North Carolina, Helper book for circulation as a political falls in value, although abundantly worth con- Repoblicass, Americans, or of any other party de- ther comment Theae fumlah a perfect mlrrer bv Messrs. H. B. Caomnu A Co. haveAmerican citizens in Kansas, by pleading tive and if this is the real state of the case ;and heartfelt sentiments upon whatever con-storm he was found firm, efficient end with ftill confi-—date for Senatorial honors. Gov. Willxb, who is which threatened those rights, should fall into matter is it not an insult to the public com-^^lUMtljiBvalBdktatT message on the 3d inst., and ocratic after the issue whichMr. IjMSAS, the Qovemor elect, to take the chaircerned the interests and honor of their and his gratuitous intermeddling, no moral impertinence, inand explicitpopularmon sense to ask to have the rule ^^'CiaMates. Gov. Wklles was expected to de- as fair weapons of warfare against their Dem- for the mere purpose of relieving three or fourdeepwasto was closed as the speak,"were denounced as even more wUd and visionary.water. wasrotdered.snowspreventedDealk by drowirt^i BKi»«iTEASAa,aain£ntef3yeasi^v died, on Satorday nlgU, la of bnraai*. 1:regarding Anti-Slavery argumentsabrogatedThe only on thisopponents, longhad evolved those arguments had been practi-caUy deterroihed. This, it strikes us, is the s indicated the fact that the onwiMi was vacated on the Sth or 9th inst.workingfrom f8,000 to |50,000. The same cause which tion with a book which we condemned at the are actually in the receipt of the full amoimtAs thethe miners fromtheur claims, they were carrying on an active busi- ness speculating in them. Sales had been maderetarded the miners in their operations was time of its publication as unwholesome in for which to serve when they agreedthat the Hall of in wUch he Bepresentatives,A of " verdicttrue interpretation of Mr. Shebxak's connec-whose behalf this extraordinary move is madeexpectedbenefit of thelords of the loom and ths spindle,"emment of this whole community can in anydegree be said to depend ?We have no doubt whatever that there is not one honest lawyer, not one intelligent lay- man in the State, who would venture to an-Saginaw Blver. It weighs ijsn pounds, aad la a^ measure was then timidly and partially rapported rare specimen of the potpoiaa.the sum and substance and —siding ,194fatally scalded oa Satiuday momiag by uveiturala pot of boUin; water which wss npootbe stove. ...^ ^ Tha body of Asa Faixxh, a middle-aged Iiiatfwqmmil was Ibond on Saturday in the Bast River, at the fisaiSindividualsfrom a That possible hardship?the hardship itself may be largely imaginary, by Judgesextreme, those who held that It was a wrong and an hot the evidence failed to abowbow deceased gsl^oppression to tax the farmer and the laborer for the into theand unwise in tone. If Southern menreally believe Mr. Shxhicak to be of one mind all they ever expected to receive. Theywith this Helper book in his views of the best would, moreover, have continued to serveway of discussing Slavery at the South, on the same terms to the end, if wide open for the convenience of thatcapital ^one. Coroaar jAOXMAa beld aa iaqoest at Mia.1 judgment shall suggest, and that bom sach individualtemperwere elected,and which was at that timethe illustration of the chivalroiu spirit of oldif believe that theythe newlarge citizens of the»»"»—»».' that the child bad bten strangled. Whothe l>ookthe indorsement of his name and position stipend; so that their grievance rather un-In the adminlsnation of thediq>oeed— petition have entirely overlooked the fact, that and delicate subject proclaiming,ball to aaartr awen disfigured speaks ill for the moderation armed aggression npon filavery, not only happy. We wonder, too, if the aignere of theS«Date,ezpendttore*and In thaPolice Court, t,and kaid la$1,M>oftheconqueror. ThePressintheCityofMexico but evenpmaist in urging tlie inevitability of a conflict with by Soi)therntliis Govermnent. Our own internal troubles, it is Slaveholders, should have inflamed the the longest term of office of any of the Judges stated, afford fine promise of success in case of Southern mind for a time to a point at which on the bench is six or eight yearsprojects' the merest suggestion of practical Anti-Slaverytheythat some of tbem come into officeernment instituted for the many CoDsUtutlon.It is thereforethe first place, that the Bepublican party shouldserved a la the rear otMesai I.Slavery the House;and in the secondplace,that Mr.other authorities, many years to come; that, consequently,wehas upon this subject, as upon all others, exhIUted a than ao yeara of an. Thay gave tkeirrood temper, and a devotion to the CNeU aad Wa. Baniaoa. Upoa eaai moderation,Union,«fi]ch, if cultivated by would either others,veryregretted, inyears. thattheHave they also overlooked the factMartin's pock-paekiBg eetabllskmeat. Nee. HI 'brought up the question of aggressive Anti-— of our institutionsgeniusthe man whom good fortune, as well as realwdoflenetve to the feelingsof Normem mea: and the its, both ef wkoa ware ioeadin connection'with theorganization ofcontinue to decrease forby lendingcomers bad not obtained aomyit may notwhen theseIt required a species of moral heroism to embrace andthey cannot be expected tamely to acquiesce larger apple than was given by his father tothe 'details of the recent defeat suffered by the in his elevation to the responsible national himself. Judge Smith receives $6,000 a year timentalby BocHA. Although their numbers were superior to own party. Nor can it be thought extraordi-in of the fact that this was all Bbowk ever bargained for, we are asked to nullify ihe Con-ness and the storm, firm in hiscon- hasgreat gratn-grosrlngthose of UlKAjiOli, the latter General was victo- rious, sod entered Colima on the 22d ult., an event which caused the wildest rejoicings in the capital. Thespitevictory aoi is an oSsetin order to se-aad tskea to JeOassa Miafcatobtained by Caitajal over Gen. Hi-although the barbarous Banner in which some of the defeated partymindif not timid counsels and speaking hiswhole mind out upon a most difficult aidnousandrffeettvebecansetheydidnotmeetthe againwentintolUesameaalooB,aadwasinary by any candid and right-minded Northernman that the affair at Harper's Ferry, revealiag as it did the existence of a strong faction at—suggest prudent try. As tha head of the Finance Conunlttee of thebyNorthern non-eye or afford a theatre for oratorical display,on foot was one for the establishment of a Bomaa Catholic Monarchy in Mexico. A journal advo- cating this idea was to make its appearance on the 2d inst., tbe same day on which Mieamon was ex- pected to make his advent in the City of Mexico. For this event great preparations were making.An accident occurred on the New-Haven Rail-dde down—ICr. the be- Maodisajt, express agent,Jbk severely bruised in the course of its;evolution—am the Sat passenger car was hurled down anembankment. The second passenger ear was alsotkrMVB from the tiaek, hut those that followed itwshitsinwi their position. As the trabi was run-ning at a speed of more than thirty miles an hour,it seems almost miraculous thst no one of the 250pasaeogers It contained, save the gentleman above Mr. Sbkbmax been able to his con- the officera then chosen, or in mightshould strike Southerners as a of proclamationintended interference with their homes and antothepoliticalsovereigntyofmen before him, butof themhonestlyintendedthe of believed to be immediately' inimical to tbe Upon questions Slaveryinsult their States.andtaketheirseatsonthebenchwho have been there already for three or fourresnlu to tbe true spirit of uniea and brotherhoodKblcb the CODstltutlon was formed to we secure,.OATTUBB or BtnMOJUtS.Eariy on Saturday moniing Officer ob-hiswhile Baovra receives Judge— only $5,000 so,philanthropy, standing upbeen struck down but the ;Justice KiLu on Saturday, to aaewar formuch to behave fallen upon a nomination which instantly creasing, and will, in all likelihood, accordingcongratulateon this successful assertion of the* light part aadofshould have done so in terms which made it im- increase the Judge?' salaries? If they haveClabk,Missouri,inmootingthisquestion,shall becompelled,fromtime to Ume, to largelynobleness, has been so signally illustratednanimity and devotion of which no brighter recognize him as a safe, moderate, temperate and throp, LoolngtOB * Co., No. S Pan-cexplain favor ofnexion with this now notorious work at ftvor of the whole judiciary equally, theheples to-tiight."personal gloriouslyAOLAOCABTWABIBB.in respect to wiUch it may perhaps beAn investigation jast ended by the State Auditing that be in the capitol. But ke would have haunting the lobbies of the LegisUture and th£ ness. In the first of these lists arehouses and shown to be dike nnooBstttutlanal, Impotttlc andYork 16,206 with C. T. AilTBOHT of New-York and as far averse from all illegal interference J ;tainly,shown that he is at least aa sound a patriot,repetitionante-room of the Board of Supervisors,while the truecomprised iagwereplaceduponasolidfooUagofreasonandGeorge W. Mayger, charged wttt kavf 'and soliciting,der the Constitution, as any^ithout security. The tetal amount of SUte mo- fast, dine and nap upon Distmionism with its it is to have the men who hold our largest confidence in the rhetoricalallow him to do, and the contest for the Speak- into the arena at all to contend with politicaltary,question not having collected all their Southern debts inand rtiaanpride. paofexpressioa, we we supposeTbepassed ever sajiely, but the ramalnlag fonr ears wereShe was taken before JustfaeOvAspanaa,faj*of pereonal dignityMr. Shxbxah charged it upon bis antagoalstsany prize whatever ; bot it is still werse to have them contending for a round sum, to be paid into thsir own pockets aut of (he publicwhichare to tmderetand that the houses inrail.and oneTbe passengers were takenthat the " whole head and front of his offend-James SmlO), a young aaa employed aa elartto I —^stitution and set atthethat are not all elected at the same time, and do not all serve for the same periods;;by manylast foe of every scheme of jobbers and spoilmen to deplete the Public Treasury, or to convert tbe Gov-for Mr. SHXBMAn totion aa anytUng but what it was openly de-scribed the other day by Mr. Hihdmas, of crease is made, it shall be made to take story, " prayed to God "— Arkansas, as being "an indiictment" Had effect at the election next ensuing, inopinions from which some of us may dlifer ;tke but we Friday n]^ as uiey were leavhic ~his resolu-first, he would unquestionably have cleared ^tual as well as the prospective incumbents.himself, we think, of anything at all like the frightful designs which havebeen imputed to him and to his colleagues so freely during the long palaver still going on at Washington. He would have convicted him-self of a piece of political carelessness, cer-possibleregardnot forgotten these things,willtheywhether that every time this in- they proposenattonal man. whom every true Democrat and lover example Is to be foimd in Greek or Boman of a Constltutlonsl Union may fairly sustain.Is alleged, they kad brokea sfien with tEx-Deieollvs WiUey aeea robbing. ofIf, as from their present action we haveConstitutional Dry-Goods.eqatroeations want down beforeing,cajolingdegradingsimpleof badlorda aad tenants, or in other words to ra way of testing this last clear and positive Issue its repetition as long judges are men, and appeal from the Southern public craiy to the gress of the survey of the State several beds of iron for examination.of allpartytothe State Board of Agriculture that during the pro-servingJudge laoBAaAX. TUs motion was made Bouse, have admitted the existence of a com- thousand ext«mal motires to act uprightly,sepulchresJaa.».IMLdonehim,ble.judicial sys- itable tendency of such proceedingst^*'^'*, some of which orfs evidently oontslo a large per- the keeper of a " dance house" In the «"°'S2iiS?CBepresentatives.Nxw-Toax. PWday, were partiaUy S«>«waii(sr<(*< irtwYTtfima—:^ ae^aaiU:!.,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069asseal certain portiaas of tbe Statutes on which the now Ues open. With all iWSpect for Mr. Sbxb- politicians are dishonest and money Is desira- Southern public sane, to reflect upon the inev- ore were found, usually either Intarstratified with theBOT A UABCB BOOai.largerGovemmant,the time paieata of the Infant was aotaacertalaed.judiciallyversy between the slavebolding arid the whines and pouts because his younger brother memorable and eloquent enough. There is a sophisms and the sneers of tha Proteetionlsts, we findnon-slaveholding whites of the South, has received from a too partial grandmother aof M. Cusvaliib and duiing guaranteeand while we ac-tell usbyin the building now occupied for that purpose, No. in nubibiu between these opposing forces? be glad to bear of it, and on receiving the in- crinoline, Helperite extensions, Sewcrdite eolleettog, *c The aUao-forte^uil?JTSf^83 MsZon.avcnuc. Dr. J. W. FaAKC.fl presided Tbe Democrats allege a distinction between formation willumber aboutcotton stock- evoi haU l,W,mdtt UbSSSS/uf.?*moirethey style Helperism. ers of this petition, as It possibly may contain ings, are lo be laid in vrait for, dragged forthsepiKittjiaiHon. J. W. BanKMAN. The exercises were ol a They set their faces as flint against the second, features which they would like to introduce and brought to the light of day, from their tke ^ctple of a asnaal laeiifaT^-" ^ClayCayitolis invited to torn it- airaagemsBts for btnai g dariTadaMsakforward it to theOreeleyite of ihefjoia theconsider, is now being fon^ upon the atten-tion of the Legislature, both by a petition sign-ed by a large number of the members of thebar and ethers, and, if we are to believe the to wUch tbe speaker objected not thatstatements of correspondents in Albany, by it was incendiary, but thst it was a blunder," demoraliziag of inqaisitiona is to be in- iaibahauafa-esiw jnvaLwas of whomCourt who were in ofllce before the lat of Jan-nary, 1868, be increased so as to place themon an equality with those who took office on journalthat day, at a Uglier rate of compensation. It by violence, and that Kentockians would be—was not we say,striking.were inflexibly hos- to recommend that the salaries of those /odgea tile to the sentiments of the spesker, without of the Court of Appeals and of the Supreme ^he least interruption or molestation, Uiough threats had been publicly made that he should not be permitted to and an influentialry;and theaBhan>yis alleged that to aUow one portion of the proved Judges to be in receipt of larger salaries thantheir colleagues, who are performing precisely the same duties, and whose greater experienceuMi_aaHiB«We admit that it is somewhat imfortnnateAwtelowcwtriaeaa^Jinatespeciallythropists will do well to posder their meaning.That Mr. Clat's known personal prowess, and his invincible determination to speak orlegislationhad been thrownmorning in the haO-way of tte teaeaasat i"instincts. Tbe mosttroducedintothebosomofSoutherncUral- aoeseonbeaectdestferacnthaaslxlcanofcoursequiteoutofthequestion. TUsisanideawhichMr.ClatUmself within- emii§f»itttnc4uflisIfof-TtrkJtmn.0Baa8Sitelltii,Mi< insured ht tbe Stmekolas aad nter Isssr-and respectableState, who desired to hear the distingsishedorator. But as the scene truly passed, it was defend them. Amonz the earliest in meeting theportionof tiiebe principles.iSenator Hsarxatouch of the truly heroic in the spectacle of a giant monopoly was overthrown and protection for-eff to the whole world, but to Us own peojde, sentiments which he well knew were not only obnoxious to the great majority of the livinglyOfficer Oliver, who attempited to airsat 'ance was aad «badi obtaiaed1, however,finaily secured. The aagisttate coeaBlMad _to the as he was unable to nrocase th»< cells,ball which was demanded. It issala that tbe is under bonds of at least #10,000, to charges.ciple of the freedom of speech of tbeall the wicked creatures known "cring- to be steeped argument,the of and highest beauty stylepocket-book, contatntegbaaad tbeir recent decision in theaatt-raat cases. AjBonf tbe bUls reported favora- stAS, and every wish to see jnstiee VtfwasonepiovldiBrfortheaasaasmentandpay-thepeopleoftbeUnitedStatcacanhardlybetemusparalleledforlaxityandwortUessness.Itmustbeobservedthattbeimmediateobjectctheentageofiron,fufiBcienttomakethetihremvaluableintatioaofthatUra.Tbeladles"l«2*£Si»lJSCaBrt ofAppealsWeshall have, moreover, aas this.Mr. Frank desires us to stats Dui^Untitled DocumentUathellthJuat. Ipreftrtsowww.fultonhistory.comSouth," byengine, baggage, thrown fi-om tbe track.passenger car,she acknowledged to answer.heraad he ooaaaiilMgulh.OBIandwas that he was a BepubUcan." This his Treasury. And we can assure the members of cash, hold a certain number of their darker fel- whom were some who were injured in the late acci- cigar stoi-e of ilr. A.fred HaU, was--^---^^•^'*-^'**whitedmakingand direct and avowed result aimed at is.to coercepurpose,steel-trap for s^ltinging conviction upon ths wretched counter-jnmper who shall essay tobaggage-car, wfaloh costakMd eaaa* fallaa^wMthrow a Sewardite cloaktheirn^t, sad the seeead was hniisdinidamagecourage has never been laid to their charge. whom the vote of Virginia shall be cast In the coming thefire, waa rua over by Engine Ho. M, aalMAaasof that of a want ofrelieved from a more money than he win ever receives but As Mr. Clat, with rare felicity, remarked in Democratic Convention at Charlestoa. The friendsJsav-Wkiai^his openingIt is becaoM that I know that I am here and amongTaonrsoHhe allowed liis name to be at- should be found necessary to raise the salaries broad snd glorious Isnd of ours, relying uJMn the acts, speeches and epistolary prodnotlons through tha boose.:Is^and the Teiiiple," In eoaneetloB wlQi the bMotilalof atached to a recommendation of the too-famous of Judges as business increases and money asked, t never cared, whether they were Democrats- character as a public man without OBS word off fur- length free from ice, aad Qte steaasees of aeUae offormerly an Old Line Whig. As he has acted re- pamphlet, provided, as he avers, it contained sidering, is not a reason for setting aside al- nomination. Thank God, gentlemen, this trust of which to get a (horoogh conception of the man. regular trips. The Jtnait Fsntea .willcently with the South Americans, it is hoped, notwithout reason, that he may win some votes from nothing improper or offensive. This confession most the only real guarantees for judicialminebssneverbeenfalsified. WhetherIstandla Hn^ for Alexandriaaad Txa has been for several rean past less conspicaoos urday Washington,^'them. The Anti-Lecomptonices ate still deter- of Mr. Shxbuak, unconsciously to himself, no purity and aeod conduct which are at this mo- State-house—whether I am surrounded or WzsB,mined to hold themselves aloof from both partieswhile the Bepxiblicans adhere to Mr. Shkbx^n,claiming that no other candidate on their side ofthe House can receive so large a number of votes. dealing with great sectional passions aa the tliat provision of the Constitution which de- How, then, are we to explain this apparent Mr, Huanx, though yet in middle life, has aervad terms, they hare resorted to a strike." The troablca in the Cabinet continue, and are saidto have originated in the persistent desire of Post-master-General Holt to remove Mr. Isaac Cook,doubt, illustrates the grave mischiefs which ment to be round in our laws. The question is covered by darkness, I feel equally safe while I am determined torather an exteaded sketch of some natives who follow the same sad bosbMSi,ttst Iksy— have flowed in upon oor national politics from notareourJudgespaidsufficiently? butamong Kentucklans."give featuresofhispubliclife.mast be paid as wall.To bring their "isthe somewhat obnoxious Postmasterthe Aqueduct mt Washington. Senator Douglas question of Slavery, in its political bearings dence in the Courts? Is it one on' wUch any also the true solution of the seeming miystery. for the management and custody of tbe public ftmdj, Capt Latvibid, fiom Portland, has teoogUta tMsbasis of partisan action.In the heat and fury of the great struggle ofclares that no Judge shall have Us salary in- creased or diminished during bis term of officeanomaly in tbe prevailing prescriptive course for the past twenty- two years in the National Coa- Wasd Oboabizatiovs fob 18S0.—Bte Sevaa- of the South whenever any attack her fa- gress. At his first entrance, as a member of the teealh Ward Tammany Democratle Coaadttae kaea wise, just or salutary one ?necessary for the maintenance of public confi-CBAWVoas PreaidcatSecretaries, and laaAS Duboo, Treaainer.Cassius M. Clat owes hislief of Kentucbians in hip honesty, to their respect for his high ^irit, and, above all, toand in favor of a Hvre* ef the Oovemment (roa banks. He went for tbe Independent Treasury. Thistheirby the residence of a lifeUme—a man to the manor bom, andithe inheritor of an illustrioustheWiistza, Rivas and Tallhasss. Many donbtad whether the bill did not go too far—others whether it could ever be executed. It Is doe to Senator HnanapersonalThegreat questionof thedayhere now for is,of all other aspirantsCghtTemple, f Zast'iChurch,NhMhetasl,aeer—your State-house, or whether I stand outside of your than and probably deserves more than a puslngs A Stkiex. The German printeia of this Cityuponvorite institution has been so much as appre-d nana Joa Rtas aad M. C Qatm,hended ?A Whjtb Pobpoisx.—The eteamriiip Paftftn,the shackle* of American indus-naught only remaining at a time, too, when the excitement of the In his Congiesslflnal career Mr. Hnnxa has declared he would kiU that celahratadpagUM. Tkeforcure Baown an extra $1,000, and make himon1 that oceassfkoaBguaranteejudicial integrity,slandersSulliganwasa momiag'p"i^av-e'a-t"s-d'^vlnlsaig.self-collected in themighttry and enterprise.studloosly devoted himself to the huinm of the coun-pagillst,of a sincere sou)inefficient breakingat tbe sahwa «f Oe latter, Mb. an BMad.' way, dnrhig which he drew a laadsd nvaltar aadnot afarevery year,besideyithers peace and safety of the State. Nor while we cluEion of Us legltimaTe buclness. and with the worstthe Commonwealth ofKentuckynot that her husbandarrest, and found twopieees sage, "^ in theifr possession. They were tt^ JSiMe^lo i— vindicatehis,with the Jiohnsen dnnaed «ke earpet-keraa*"be safe from harm but thatweaf every right to infer, they desire to see the The great non- intercourse movement has at read that speech. It will be matter of won- marked M," tsble^lotbss. aa^laa, *whole Bench, without distinction, share in the last found an organ at the South. A journalder thatany party in ouro<vertakes,fiowerar,aadevery prison awaiting fexasAm«luauaBr«tuiwa. .O.a— ^U—s ,.wp-s^r—a^« _^imi*». of the salaries, we should like to be informed higUy constitutional title of the Daily Southern principle of liberty and toleratioa, and so atterlvat found eight far ahawls, koets, bed^sw^amissto recallwere so unpopular that of death from tufoeatiaB at ths haadi ofupon degrading,Southern dealer in dryprices, since they will have him consciously in Um requesttodeelst,but Mr. Kniasby light notice. At the risk of wearying your readers, I have ^have at length coochided that they waA m wtU mInfelllgeace, asserting thosegist beloved State. There was no pttaclples Constitution polltleal at No. Easthour for the address drew near, and Mr. Clat,oonaegasnceconsequently,wascompelledtomakehisspeechThe and apparently obvlons truth, that every plaincelvedon last,whanAesat <nts har Wedaeedayutterance. speakingeconomy which have, after years of trial and obloquy,inbeen emt>odled Democratic legislation, and unirar-Twenty-dxth-stteet, aas,his fulldissatisfaction shown with hisexciting subject at this exciting time, was snd of a repudiation of the rag-barons, were deemed of James-street Coroner Scaisiixa hekt aa liiniieJ„sally acquiesced In.But if the advocates for a constitutionalctirrency,laboring year after year antn thisMOBS TBOITBLB FOB BDLLT KOLLIBAV.ever discarded as an ** obsolete idea." The danger isman, in these days of cheap courage and sen- now almost entlrelv removed. Tbe burdensome tax in 18se, and wlio has been the hero of a kaadredin the dark- tbe fanner, the and the laboring man brawls since his arrival in this Ctty.-vaa takaa baigteupon planterkpvlBg threatened to shoot OOcer Oltver, of tha naaaatk population of the Northwest wUl not ^Ungly dis- Precinct. It is alleged that Mailtgaa. oa Thonday scious of his integrity and Us patriotism, miss their grateful recollections of ose who was most evening, had had a dupute srith John Morrlseey, the;his labors to reduceInlrodnctlon of useful reforms have not been the leas charge of asstsanhMing Monissay. la Iha OTSMKheordered out. Reftialag to go, Oe Faliss «aM fnbtlhiec Senate and everywhere he has been the stead- called. When Mollftan preaented ids vratnratto individual uses and beoefiL He has been ever in favor of economy and a strict adherence to the provisions of the FedersJwhich have se often engrossedthepubliccouncilsoflateyearstotheex-lapsing into the langaage of sectional blt- borglata Inside eadeavorlBc to pry opaaa the Umete or exasperation. He has never spokes havlDgptoenredthakey gttkesHn«,Mr.andcord the meed of our gratitude and praise to— must we forget the woman who, with a mag-one word, even at times of deepest exdtemeat, ofthe pi-oopprritsettoorns,Irtmaetf treat la ibanish such suifes or lessen the re- committed tbem greatly dangerttlal....Wa. 8aith.a snlttsg from them. He has at times expressed and Martin Beeby, anoyatenaaa, arersTbe adopted ciUxen and the Catholic, whose rightswere menaced bytheKnow-Nothlng organization willalways recall with gratitade tbe eloqncitat appeal for K1II.T, who coaalgBedtbaa to prtsoa theirrightsmadebySenatorHuanaiMforeuepeo-enforcedthem- and saturated in rhetorical lllastralien. Had Mr. Huana performed Becket, it la aUeged, fell la witk Mr.Sewardism, Brownism, nootherservicetobiscountrychaathisreratationof oOeredtoescortumthroughthe(3ty. i ->u. 96,000 with D. Holarnti of Ann Arbor, and with any rights of any^ American citizens un- selves and their office, by actively engaging in Greeleyism, Helperism and incendiarism," Know-Nothlng heresies and vindication of the princi- vicbiity of the Five Points, tbey relieved Ma erMBnialler sums to other parties, for none of whichof the mercurialhewasnotwUch last phrase we should be inclined to re-ples of religious toleration, be might even here safelyand deeamped. Neitkar Beekstaor MS mosey had been found at last aeooaats.all the tricks and intrigues by which votes are'*«)>000 was deposited withE. H. Hazlxioh A Co., gentlemen from the extreme South who break- won and politicians influenced. Bad enough gard as a bit of tautalogy, had we not the patriot.property,»n that 5" approved bond been executed. Also,as aand^^,?-.-"'"tP"'o^t.unsecured,U$110,198. ThesimplicityRailsoad.—WelearnbyagentlemanwhoarrivedinAM DBBUCOKanrL THBT. Height,restdUagatNo.MSWestTaaiUseoaad'to Albany in thebaggagepassenger car, amongby;priaciple*'i,Havea oa CHr Batoniay altaneoa brake itsdrivlarwhsdbehind counters,andon waafertbepnpoeeofadvaaeii«the«iS?**-"Georgian of meetiiighiding-plscesthe shelves of Georgian shops. In other words, Aaiwas qnita prolrseted, tmtJames Jehnsoo, a coloredlate on Saturday algkt by B"!'?* y" Detective PoUoe, oa soapielaB of harlscilaaaalshould ever have found hadiBhispossessioD. AAerwaDdagaireservations andthe living voice and outspoken oeademnation of afree people. To any one hereafter vrtio shall pet-bag "costainiog gealrest his claims to fame,AsoTBxa AcciDurr on thi HraeoK Brvxa On Satorday afteiaooo, while thetoHref^ *?ooal measuref, or near the margin of the cosl bssla,this movement is notof themselves. That In the hajf.itack furnace, wihcrto chiefiy used la eor"^^m-^-iuseful statesiaanIroo ores of tlM o«»alyesicrdsy was iiiunas 1NsW-HaTSI EamH^B.— The engine of tbe tnia wUek Ml Oto kr Hew.the most gersaaIketrala,tattaaewasasrtsialft tmt ma Mr. MsassiAS, sa ~Mr. Ebwab« Kiuov, aa Ipurchases, dogged by spies, laUgloa Sf*«^Mklannual istobe who tsdlseoutaeOBBwraliaalIwill bold him sternly to the dread alternative geaeooa crowd, fas froat of the City HaU,.^of buying from men who may ask their own aaaUe <o Aow a Ueeaae froa tte GUr to preach In the street Odkiar Cuaa Ht«FuH.—Kiralng, aa accidental firs took place iaftsdiya; kooseof Mesais. MeDeesii, * OaaMoa, IToe.^aatShortlyafter So'clock on Batatdayvsas deae.foremaa of Engtae CoapaBy Ko. II, wbUe«rta( laan in this tntemecise model of King Solohob's now oa -'fc "''—Ui.iniiig at date, 190;$7SSla valuable papers. Mayger aad a i _LIQrOB ABD SBOAISCBBDR.;males, SM:fumlas.M.u^wjajasapisMiita  