 PickingsandStealingsfromthehaveMSBtothenewspapersuponthesubject;Iwill state further about thU paper, while speaking of it. thataadahalfacokmnforreportingthedebatesandpab^ m * M thorn to the DetUf GUU. aad thaa I_stot Psaa llxdoltoTTfor a tonT'sanloB and thrso dollar. » short sonton tor prating the * * f ^ * J £ 4 l torn. latterly, when too aaantlV of " J f ^ J ^ f " three thousand' quarto psges to l ^ J S T ^ AWBATIT W ASetodJhTsn^tor^hebottto.tnes* officer* conniving at the Island sold hto situation to thTaon rf a Z JPublic Crib.IK [MM :E 0? GEH. BOWMAMIHD JOHS C. WYES.discovering tbe difficulties in reference to to* purchaseof the paper, I adopted this plan:—I made what I believed to be a fair sample of each of the different kinds of paper re- quired for all the departments of the government as a standard, aad had It bound to a book; I then invited pro- posala for that paper as it was filed ia the offlee, witting offoae hah* of the sheet which served sa the sample aad wrtoM upon the other half the names of the Wknot pw-AND WHAT IT 18—SCKfKS OFAim DWAOcmnv-•«* IKSTITC- theft. TbeBetandatotheParkMnotorious as a dram- Barlem. The ptoce — J2J*JL» •*•*Tbe Printing Incumbents Opposedto a 'souwhooflhrodtofurnish»;thus, instead *f fwaBtrtor tbem to furnish samples, I required them to tok* •aaa-Government Printing Office.as* th's and deplore ft. Farhnastbe persons themselves see Htoo; but how can they nope to remain to place if they refuse to Join their employers——-•». £ ? " £ £ £ ? 9 " * ' *by rats or dying ofiheer nextooTiia? * • *A «»• TimIke foBowtof la tbe ta.«mony of Oeaerml Bowman andnot reaaalary of *1.SCO, to b*> increased to $2,000 on fhs 1st cat Atrti whose tpeeia' duty it is to ttten 1 to the clerical storvk**ofmyofficeofITintertotbeSenate;Ivisittbeembodied to a statement which I have here; theco!tof the printing for the present session would depend upon the amount ofprinting theSenate mayorder;forin- stance, take the Thirty second Congress, and too grosswhole work, and be has nothing to do with it except to see tbat it is dona right: I pay bira one-third.height," and the public interest again demands a radical reformation.liquor, although one of the strictese. rules of these insti tutirns is the rigid exclusion ef all spirituous beverage, fromthe inmates, flow canitbeexpected that theseMsssre Seward. QMdteg*, Garrtoon, BSechW, Free. Douglass and Co., and your spirited and tost enttoton uponthem, hotwi'htoandtogmanyhavedenouncedtotSPOILED,•rrnting office, sometimes ooce, sometimes twice, and ssma-tiac*threetimesaday,aometimeolateatnight,examin- amountoftheprintingfortheSenatewaaonly$14,000 toe the prating Inalldepartmentstrom tbepressroom up to for the first session, aad $24,000 for tbe second wsston:Q.Hasbeanyresponsibilityconnectedwith tbodoingS aopar room Igenerally call once a day at the office of while for ths Thirty third Congress, the printing amountedanyinstructionsorhireanyofthemenemployedinit; gavethewarden, theappointment oftheir subordi- aretbefirsttoviolate7 tbeUnitedStatesisconcentrated,andIbar*benad- he is interested ia seeing that tbe work is done well, be- nates. This was not done openly, but was effected In vised not to subscribe to it.yet I know from your a** cause be is responsible for that. secret, and in a manner quite as effectual as if the law Tbe visiter, are shown ever Biackwell's Island, editorial* that you are " a national, a I'nion lor ag aad a<j Who are tbe editors of the Onutttu&m*. A I am the gross amount of the Senate printing, aggregating toe editor and proprietor, and W m. M. Browne, of S e e from the Thirty th'rd to the Thirty-fifth Congress, fork, eaBoekue editor. was $4(2.000; of course those estimate* wereQ. You were determined to have the work? A. Y ea, cy , of the moat deplorable character.sir. In tbe palmy d a y . of tbe department, when people Q. About how much are tbe profit* ontbe Cmgrasiondl from abroad were courteously shown through tbe tostita-warden's bona*, where the high revels are held. The news of the whole world, leipectbas acrbased its crcs floor to covered with tossoBatod pavement, tbo wall, totton to foe tost four years south of tbe Onto river sad and ceiling are frescoed with allthe colors of tbe rain- Bason's and Dixon*tow,tosixty thousand copies. Pot-and documents. Thus p a y would b e tion of work tbat Ispeak of a saving bavag been affectedfor the work on account of the in the proportion of l:ty per cent.rPrinter, and then a hill would bo presented by Q Do you include In that amount tbe cost o th* Pacific, in the name of Mr. Harris, the Senate Printer, Raifroad reports, Emory's report. Perry's Japan Expe the composition and prfnt'ng of tbe Messageand dosu- olttoa, and other books of that character? A Yet, sir;and machinery, 1ought to make, Ithink, twentyor twen- riages hired at the public expense, and to dine andiforUseSenate;andthus thesameworkwouldbe icharged and paid for; this was done on every oc- tn where tbe same documents were ordered by bHOeverything executed under the law from 1852 to 1863.Q. Tbe Coast Survey Report, too 1 A Yes, air, every-unfit to eat. We are assured that meat has been servedout in tbe lunatic asylum, almshouse, workhouse andp.nitentia/ya anearlyputridstate. Allffthismeatupon and serve like common lacqueys. On toes* occa- pastes through the hands of an inspector at Betlevue Ho* terse 1 to 4:—" Let as many servant, sa are under thesions seenes of disorder occur at which even the very pruvl, aad Is approved by him before it 1*forwarded to tbe j oke count their own masters a* worthy of all honor, convica cry shame. Fire Governors at a time, in the insUtuticn* a i d yet it t* rare that the contractor com tbat the name of God and hto doctrines be not blaspheme,:. penitentiary, bave drank themselves drunk, and then pure with ibe terms of his contract From the appear- And they that have believing master*, tot then sot de- qnat reiag over their cup*, they have called eash other ance and quality of the meat It would seem as if be had spise them, because they are brethren; bat rather ao common thieves and whoremaetorp, and wound op by gone through the markets, buying all tbe stale pieces he tbem service, because they are faithful and beloved, iid getting into a fight, pelting each other with glasses and could find. Sometimes he sends a very good article; but partaker* of the benefit. These tbtogs teach and extor. the remnants of then- dinner; smashing the furniture, and tbe reverse is tbe role, fake for example the lunatic ]f any man teach otherwise and conduct not to who*- then, bangtogtheir hats upon the lamps, tbey bave rolled asy him, wbere tbeflratquality to contracted for. Within some word., even the words of our Lord Jeaus C a m , under the table to sieep off their debauch. It to by no a month, to cold winter weather, meat has been sent and to the doctrine which is according to godUness. a* M means sn uncommon occurrences for tbe Governors and tbere in a stinking cute. Tbe food of tbe aged people hi proud, knowing nothing, but doting about questions aid their guests to be helped down to the river, and liftedpte, ami all bid to one sample, hy •*&***%££ there was a saving eflected in two years of, say $40,000 tofcnnrnrK• * * t o t L , t o > p * * D t o ' , ' « froeTtos^Ha*0*flce of the Superintendent of the Pobiio Printing, stated before an tovestfgating committee of this House last Cong- retsfrom the penitentiary and vagrant, from tbo workhouse. The men have been plied with liquor, b y order of the GovernorsbelongingtothewapooUrooantnlttoos,whose boatstheyrow to. Thewordisgiven forarace,andthe boatmen bend to their work under the stimulus of whis- key , when, at one or tbe other boat gain, abend, tbo Go-Q. What are tbe terms of your contract with Bowman • expressed by saying, as was said of Its predecessor, "li- come a custom—now to for tbe committee of an institution, nJ?7 , £ v * ? 5 d * , T ' D ~ n '•""•a to the "saw lom for doing the Senate and exacuiive printing? A. I do the centiousnen and disorder have reached a disgraceful whether it bring, its boat into requisition to give the men q*x>ij)tb*abolition sermons, lectures aad apeeobai rfthing;Ithink,bytheestimalewemadeinthenngrav-jthe composition executed but once; wa tog ci each plate far the Coast Survey it was shown th*t • ng and matenalB were ass&sed last fsll for $70,000, andErpectallywbeawereadtoFlretTimothy,chasterYL,aad dosuaents which were ordered to be teat out for cir- culation; an Inquiry into the matter showed that about $»,CO0 a year waa expended for those maps and charts, aad oa bringing tbe matter to the attention of the Sonatament printing office established, under the charge of tbe Secretary of the Interior (not a practical printer), with a superintendent and priater, and contractors combined aad working together. 1am of opinion the coat of prat-to the waroen or the penitentiary, •<God d—n bim, givebim bell!" And the poor wretch, who oughtto have two; although his family may be dependent ntoto an bisTOBK HERALP, ^DKBBDAy28,you know of ths government ever having pat oat dthe printing by contract? A. Only hy statements that I \ What is paid forih.tr A. I « ^ h ^ * d ° Ksegax* are kept for their uas. The friends of the Gorer norsnotonlyfeastsndpetdrunkIntheinstitutions bat Aweekortwoagooneoftn* »— many of then pocket and carry off Began by tbe bunchYes.CMN Of Ifortotbeaps* Wfern"1 or l right tbat dean ear i• I I by <amp! aO*j ever"*Vail Dow M l . raft,be to and1 haw* togs •cutLeuas,ttoreltongl tbe tbe to tl souk toe*to*8 •erf •bey aadBe read a v.r fact< eersl Beta wil:CeChat tbto cans the | tbe<toe' wrth •ott w»l"naifwerst thai abet theyton •f nN< vealbabtHteM «rto of II and throaa c fori biasSiA. PenYwiBBS and vonNestornaBer, aa< tbe mei feel wbl bail theT •Tve •a*4 aad Tbeex*Q Hewasyourclerk? A.Yes,sir;thatthechauireinthe FYstem of giving out the engraving and lithographingmade a difference of about fifty par cent; that on tract*given out by myself were s saving of fifty per cent to the the executive departments? A. Yes, sir.Mgovernment; this reform effected a saving of $60,000 a year on the engraving and lithographic printing.Q. HJrwfcnj: haye you been engaged in it? A. Since General Bokatoa^s election; he made an agreement with me by whlcnT do the work.Q. Can you give an estimate of the probable cost of the Senate printing for this session? A. I supposed that youmy predtcfHor paid $159,000 for what was after wards , I suppose I have put in $30,000 or 510,000 stacai f2s,(00 which we found was drawn every year fordouble compoaUion. without going Into tbe Soulier itemsOf printing, which wouW hav« run the amount up to attoast |80,0ti0 a j ear, that was reformed by an act at theclose of the lastatttioa ol Oongreoa; Idiscovered further, the Senate, what ia your opinion of the propriety o' a ing a session of Congress' A 1 really do not know. I* on looking into what are called the regular annual doou- government, orint.ng office9 A. Mr impression about suppose tbat I have eighty or ninety printers, bat there aacmta of Congress, of which tbe number regularly sup- tbat is this—If a government printing office is eaublisbs I, are. perhaps, two hunared persons employed in tbo office, plied to the House it, I think, 1,520, and tbe Senate 1,420, with powers to execute the binding, engraving and littio- about the printing business. ProDabiy l have one hun- and which doumenu are bound in calf—the most e\>en- fraphlc printing, and to contract 'or the paper, &j., & a, dred printers.at** btodtog—and furnished to every member of the gov think, in tbe course of ten years, tbe expendi.ures m Q. Do you Co any dry pressing in your establishment ?oiamssil entitled to receive a copy, that $37,500 were ex- this department would be double the amoun'. heretofore A. Y e* sir.S ded every j ear for duplicating these documents. 1 paid: I think in ten years it would be found to double, Q. Wbst is the cost of dry pressing? A. I do not know.k, if yon would toko into consideration the p*»r ised and I bate my opinion on tbe statement 1btve just made We have just commenced it within tbe last three months. about the packing room, sad tbe twine and other mvto- of abuses lately reformed, amounting to a"^ut $400,000 a j I think it cost me $3,600 to fit up my pressing room Iyear; 1stated MMabuses which have existed in detail | made a calculation the oaer day that it would oast me before tbe Senate Investigating Committeo; they have ex- i $8,0f 0, but when I examined into the matter I found that isted bere for years, aad although investigations into I one bill amounted to $600 or $>:oo more than I thought it tbem have been made, yet no effective action was until would.obtained for abou' $49,C0O.Q From your knowledge of the public printing, haviugQ. How many presses have you? A . £ight«*B, and two moie coming; I expect one here to day.been superintendent of it, and being now the Printer toQ. How many men do you employ, on an average, dur-rtols used In putting them up, that the cost tor dup.uit-tog them would run up to $50,000; bat I showed by an—timstri that $37,000 were expanded alone for the paperand printing: that waa stricken off; another reformwhich I suggested to tbe Senate was, to omit the mapsand charts accompanying extra numbers of tbe Message year was literally thrown away; if there wag a govern- pay them ? A. Tbe House* sometimes vote them extrainto the boat*, by the prisoners, beinr too grossly intoxi-cated to help themselves. At sucb times the guardians ofour pauper and penal astitubas are wont to indulge inlanguage and behavior lewd and disgustingly obscene. >s rarely the case. Who to to blame, tbe inspectorwith evil rermtotogs."We have here in this last sentence a good portrait of Beecherism and Tyngism. Tbto to the " higber law ' af the South. The slaveholder can take his Bible a his hand and discuss the " higher law" doctrine ef the North at anytimeortoanyplace.TheretomuchsaidattheNona about the cruel tosh of tint slaveholder. If a freeholder at the North should steal a hog, a sheep, or commit any great offence, heto put to toe penitentiary for a year orrecently token, and this Immense amount of $M0,000 a Q. Are your reporters paid anything besides what youcompensation when It is voted to the pagesQ. How much usually ? A. Usually $800.Q. Apiece ? A. Yes, sir. Some sessions it has not beenvoted, but usually it has.Q. Are you acquainted with the rates paid by Congressfor public printag? A. Yes, sir; very wed.j thaa a saving of $30,000 waa eftectad are they not? A. Tbe law does not so read; tbe law Q. What is your opinion as to those rata* being too highlabor for their support. This punishes the wife snd obil-t, they agreeo. to strike them out and only pubisb ing, &c., would be doubled a ten year*.> aad charts la ths regular numbers of the Message Q. Those contracts are all put out to the lowest bidder,, on looking Into U « Message and documsnts,i that they were making three or four volumes i hundred pages each: as Superintendent of the iPnbHc Printing, I brought that matter to t h s attention of a* Joint Committee on Printing of both Housea, ana the at their last seaeton, agreed to strike out all tbe from the extra numbers, and only publish themgives much discretion to the superintendent; but a orlerHo relieve myself from imputation, I determined, althoughMr Bali served a notice upon me that ho would contestmy power to do so be'ore the courts, to present a sample,require contractors to bid for it. and give tbe o n tract tothe ilowest bidder: be msiited tbat I was bound, undertbe law, to ask for samples and prices, and to dispose ofor too low? Hnd state particularly those which yoa tbiuk too high and those wbich you thina too low . A . I pub- lished sn article to tbe Globe of yesterday, written hastily, and mod of it in the morning when my paper was malting up lor pref s, which is true. You could, perhaps, examine me better after reading that article.Q. You wilt please answer my question. A . in a word,upce of tbe Governors, to escape tbe just pun ishment of his crimes, and kept tbere for a long time, un- der tbe pretense that he was insane. He was spirited sway, and taken out of tbe city recently—a gentleman wLo saw bim In the asylum, having identified him, and told bim he wa* not insane, but shamming, to escape tbe State prison where he deserved to be.coubt, if ft could be ascertained, It would be proven then are more blows given to the apprentice*, laborers aad children at the North, than are received by the saves at Ibe South.When I remember a all civilized communities tor* most *f necessity he "hewers of wood and drawers ef water"—when I contrast tbe fife of tbe slave tn toe Sioto with the life of the free negro to tbe United States aad Canada, or compare it wan tbe poor tn our Nsrtbws citHS. or with tbe poor and working classes to Europe- hotespeciallywithtbeAfricantohisnativebad,aadm hew far happier the life of the slave to tbe Sou'h a-tow1 toe Wbl totran tonA St Mi ear FW*Sou twe heto ths regular numbers which wore to oe preserved as the matter in tbat way, but I assumed the right to do as ! the composition is too low, ana the press *oSk ou tne longTor the female prisoners to go into the presence of theGovernors and plead lor their liberty. At sucb times, a), We thick we hsve shown enough of the doings of though tbe Warden* might remonstrate, and remind the the GoverLor* of the Almshouse to satisfy the public Governors tbat these women had been committed a dozen that a reform a the management of the departmentoshee copies aad to ho filed bythe government; there WM a saving there of $20,OCO; the Senate add the House adopted t h e same principle; Ithe matter upon tbe attention of the Hous i commit at tho last session, fas* too chairman declined to sug-t lbs inform; Mr. Snath, who was chairman of that graphers and engravers; T think in reply to a question Q. That is remunerative'' A. Tba'. Is jast about right. all this Ux discipline and familiarity between prisonersjdeclined positively to recommend it, on theKad that bo considered it necessary aad right Uiat B etabsuc* should go to the country; hot it has sinceput to Mr. Wendell as to how much a certain firm paid A page ot Email pica consists of sixteen hundredens.and Governois may be imagined. A abort time ago ths law was amended so as to also require tbe signature of tbe committing magistrate to the discharge; but It Is no difficult matter .for any Governor to obtela this for thoseand most profligate purposes. We do not charge thai all above classes—and when I remember the natural indo- of the members of tbe Board are men of this stomp; on lent disposition of the African race, I cannot help betor-T •bfi*ner*Vn ^o\ w*"at all P « eoi i**I Sei HeP* tor Pr nit s\san- no Sti1 psce f t ax w| So U- tb tbal-H Liao to« a Ta•• c 1ri» a I eiwere kept to a very loose manner, indeed, ex- a combination might be so effected, and socompletoiyhundreds of thousand* of dollars had been received by a saan employed to too printing office sa a watchman,who ams to ths habit of neatrtog from vessels and from tee!seathytoecontractorstothe , and who'would aunpiy tear off a small pieceprinters, and who have but little time to examine into the mautiic of tbe concern, tbat tbe cost of the printing mignt be doubled without your susptcona being aroused.except for notes and rule work, to brag the rule work incity, the guilty keepers being retained to place to continue their misconduct If they chose, the only punishment imthe Board of Governors. Thus insubordination to the role, affaire go on pretty much as they will, snd allQ. Howmuch money have youinvested asSenate Priater to execute the work required of you ? A. What t at too prttttof papa an i write upon money have I invested * I have Mr. Rives, as I stated inarenootherkind*oftypousedinCongressprinting,ex- nursestowhomtbeInfantswerecoasded away, oneGovernor,a week ortwoago,sawaman cept tbe English. ' Tbe downfall of tbe rapidby declining department was wbo bad^een appointed engineer at the lunatic asy- Q How aoout the pica? A. There to BO pica; they al' consummated by a combination between a German re- lum lyinffdrunk near hto engine, thai, patting many live, to peril, and ordered him to hto post. Tbe feilow had been insolent ana abusive before, but this time be burst eat toto a torrent of oaths, aad plainly told the Governor be might go to a very warn place—that Gov. the manhood to resist ths encroachment" of B. F. Hackney alone, who appointed him, was hto master. the Governors upon their legal prerogative* It was only by tbe most persistent effort on the part of tbe ber* It is about twenty-five cents par thousand pages- l and to rebuke their licentious conduct. These Governor—wbo to one of the most respectable members of tbe Board—tbat this political pet waa expelled from tbe island. Yetitwaanotorioustbatthisnunkepthtoown boat,aadwentandcameatwillasbepleased.regdVdless of the wishes of hto superiors, sometime, going off with Ibe keepers—ah getting drunk together—aad towing backby such s vessel or sucb s traia of oars so iof 59, m, or 45 pound paper," as the cawtbe beginning, employed to execute the work for m s me chanically.Q. Bare you invested any money« Tioes be no*,do all tbe work' Baa ho not all the matertola ? A. Ye*, sir; hestart from thatQ. Is pica not generally uaei? A. No, sir; it is apublican, two Americans and three democratic members of the Board, about a year ago, to override tbe organic tow and turn out of olfice (that to. to degrade, ia the hope that they would resign) several of the Wardens wbo hadI do not know/1 •>» many of those notes•lytogarouavi loos* to tbe efflae, bat does the whole work.medium sized type wnich the printer starts to measure friirn; English I* a size larger, but they measure that as pica.laacrapboak; I ooUected them all ia a Q. He owns the presses, materials and everything w<th Q. What is allowed for press work? A. In round num- - toch I kept a tbe office, aad which was which the work is doae ? A. Yes, air.ttosinen? A. Ibare en*n^00BAnm*r-UM* •#»Trie's Chams CrwTcners«f the Almshou^.mm*^*0m *"n a1 wi mm*******^ % fffresntheTribuneofMarch8$}tnoarttopower to toke E f i g & y S i L CoB^to-totol * W * A. Y a.;•re tS^A*Z^!!SliyS^ a key, and to which tbe most easily wines, bqaere and £ £ £ « * , of toe mSSfrJfc**ire&svEaSihundred and odd pages tor a h»g assston, aad £«Wnot men, honestly and earnestly desiring to discharge their to seem bettor than the Governors; then- refusalstand it; but, under an allowunce of one ©sat tor every duties to the pnblic, framed such a system of checks and would be token as an ••sumption offive pages of the excess over three thousand pagas. I can balances as was well calculated to consummate their and so tbey do as they can, perhaps, rather lent *?ln«s*^a*tt*-w,,icn * * Board sate for *» « ^wishes, sad established the department upon a practical than as they would. At this place on Tuesday evenings,that k'nd a whtoh a man named Vanderhoven, who livesMBduvea IB relation to tBs*l'ubbc Printing — )8 on record to tbe Solicitor of the Treasury's office ;th* hundred and seventy pages. I think Iwas psld a fraction the body was so constituted that upon their withdrawal influence of the wine cop aad the sedative segar, forget ho"hL CeorgeIf.Bowman,examaedbytbeChairman. ressonwbyitwas notimmediatelyprosesutedwas,that over tenthousand dollarsforeachhouse;butIdonot theirplacesweretobefilledbyother,oftbesamepoliti- theirpromisesofImprovement,andrescindtoprivatetoo drawpayfoVp^litical and'etiwT a Wheredojooresideawlwhat la your eecapation? •beSolicitoroftheTreasurysaidthattbesuitcouldnotbe ecollecttbeprecisenumberofcopies taken,and there calpreferences,elected by tbe people, so that neither buncomberesolutionsforretrenchment andreformpant- "tntoftb* axtrnvngaat Ia - I reatde to ton city, on H street, between , £ » * « dgto**nth; I am editor and proprietor of the OamtUuUon brou-bt until the contract expired and it was ascertainedwhat the diflerence was between the amount at which find fi latoi to the Svnate. Vsnderhovrn offered to furnish the paper aud the amountore cannot give the exact amount. There has only been party should preponderate nor usurp tbe control The ed just previously.QBowlonghareyoubeenPrintertotheSenate?A. paidtoCrowollhytbegovernmentfortarnishingit.tow gare the Board the appointment ef wardens, and then) position, were distributed equally between tbe two parties. Butitwasalsowifelyordainedthatthewardenssupplies iurnisbed aad used, so tbat tbe wardens were able to bold each adividuai under them to a strict per- sonal account.Let ns suppose n company about to make the grand" tear of tbe institutions," assembled to tok. carnage,Patisfled afterwardi that be asvormtenUed to take the contract; be decltoed to fnrBish the paper ^ the coa, tract had been awarded to him, and Crowell, who was* Q How much did tbat excess amount to at the last long session? A. I do sot recollect; but H was a very longnonpartisan basis, at once safe, economical and effectual.after the exhaustive labors of the weekly meeting arein the opinio of thorn •ho^avfl^ * * •?*"«I»V Mr study,at leasl^&^^.r^.tostiteana. JohnC.Eire*beforetbajfooseOommfiteeon PublicEx- Vanderhorenforhi*faiiurot»fulfill biscontract,andit session,andIthinkthedebatesmadethreethousandeight equalnumbersfrom tbetwogreat politicalparties,and feast offood things, aadthen, undefMhe exhilarating byjudicious •*5^?offol. «sJ4b*nmdine session longer than tba last l o n g » ^ ? — 9 ^ 9 u e -Q Ito you recollect tbe aggregate cost of publishing the e'ebrtesfo*tbelonga^stonoftheTbirty-nrthInnfressrQ. Do you do the Senate printing and the printing for•r. BnvxsTT—You are aware I bare been tar nw***l jeers a subscriber to the d*iiy New YosxHanWaedQ.ArethesetheonlypersonsrecognizedastheeditorsbaseduponthelawasitexistedbeforethelawoftheGlobetobookform?A.Idonotknow.Ihaveneverttons,itwascustomarytoextendtotbemamodesthospi-bow,andtheinterioriajlghtedbyalargestainedglasssiblythereader*oftbeBnumattbeNorthwouldabato of ths paper' A. There are newspaper paragraphistsand last session, which gires to the Senate Printer, a certain kept a profit and loss account As it stands now. I gets tality ; but when tbe more staid and conservative mem- window. This and the warden's residence must nave know what a slaveholder uniks and how be festo, attarreportersIntheoffice,buttherearenopersonsconnected wttb the editorial department except those named. I control the paper entirely.By the Chairman—Are the profits of the Senate print- tog,'eranypanofthoseprontoappropriatedtoward* tototog toe newspaper known as the Conttitutvn, or any other newspaper TMr. Bondman—I objectThe witness, interrupting—By my election as SenatePrater, there was no appropriation made in any way tocontingencies,preceJencetothewayofdoingcertain fairprofit,andnomore,Ibelieve. Tbeonecentthatis bersoftheBoardbadbeenreplacedbymerebarroom costsomethinglike $60,fc00,althoughitwouldbevery readingtbeabolitionsermons,lector**,andsaanbn work, that law Is'reciprocal; if the House orders a do paid for every five pagas or excess over tbe number of politicians, this custom degenerated into scenes of riot difficult, from tbe official reports, to determine how which you bave published. I, therefore bops yea walcument first it prints it for the Senate, and if ths Satiate orders another document first It prints all tbe copies of it orderedbytheHouse;that systemwasadopteltoavoid double compositionfor a long session, and about $16,000 for a short aeasion. Q. Per annum? A. Yes, sir; on a long session.liquors and viands on his Individual rospoaai- hiuty, and directing tbe wardens to advance to prepare the feast. Some of the wardens have beenwhom Providence aad the people bave confided to tneir care.Q. Bow much ba>e you invested to your esiabMabtoent? obliged to prepare three or four large dinners a day near- A. About $ 34,000 or $140,000; but about thirty or fortyTbe food of tbe pauper*. lunatics and prisoners to often may adorn the doctrine of God our Saviour to ail tbtogs "thousand dollars of it is cot needed to print the debates. QDoesthatincludejourbuilding? A Yes,sir;suikly every day in tne week, and on Sundays ia particular, ortheGovernorsaadtheirfriends,wtopmtheymustwaita page when it would not come to in omer type; it oughtvtoBKom***TIOK8 TVBHBD INTO DRAH hHOPS—SKN?l'ALITI8S sbop, where at all hour* ef tbe day Governors may beOF THE KEEPERS—8ITCATIOXS BOUGHT AND SOLO—GKAVB CHARGES AGAINST THE GOVERNORS—RIOT,BUM AND ROBBERY.price was t!*0.have been allowed one cent for everyexce«s; sad when it exceed.short session tbo same atlowaaes ta iBada. « « • r <*£ menced prating the debates and for » £ ^ ? ! 2 t r J l v ePiper used by the government, to W tostoisos I gave . ^ r ^ t h ^ t ^ ^the contract to the lowest btf4er; if * TM * » " w " aadflfte^nbundradpagosa short session * S w t e . 1 the foremost to tbe ranks of philanthropy to tbe city, were drink'" It would be considered that they A man wbo bad his spine brokre w W - 2 ! 2**^ M l given tothe next; there was, IboBsve. aj^rooe_osj* of was paid. The debates ran up as high as Wsrtrelgbt created a Board of Almshouse Governor*. The** gen tie- "stock up;" they would be .mpsnil of wishing on theflooroftbe pScn va^and^oamll^Jf * *toP*g^TM<» *^*3?%3mT<££The member, of the Board were themselves selected toover, the Governors, with their friends, sit down to atoili would net allow of toe by the Governor, oa!a^BBu*S*S5SS profit on the Post Office blank printing? A. I have nfcvar eporttog the dbbates, and not In tbe lump. I cannot clerk of each institution, who kept the accounts of the ing tbe carriages, toey are driven to Dsltevue HcepHal. nextfriendsfromtheRotundatotbemorning. Antovttatiouto Stoee the 17th to toamry, I think that was the dayon o. by trie Chairman—Do you know anything about the A. I do not. I am paid at latorval. during the .anion for should select and appoint all their subordinates, save the drink and smoke is tbe preliminary step. Then, enterwhich 1waa elected; the 17th of January of the present *"o* Bow long bare yon been the erfltw and proprietorof tbe CcnttitutuM* A. Since the 11th of April last. (IWhataretoeraleapaidtbeSenatePrinterforprtnt--nvfstisated tbe subject very closely, but T suppose from all I have heard, that there ia very likely $25,000 clear profit realised on thai printing, parbsps $30,000; that is tbeimpressionofeveryintelligentperaouwithwhomI have conversed on the subject, aad 1 think It a fact.herefore remember what I received; but I think It was . bout $87,600for each House—to all $75,000. Addto tbat be $i»,0C0,ij of which I have already spoken, and the rialamountwouldbe$96,000. TbeSenatepay*me,be-Here a large hall, bang with portraits of pant Presidents of the Boards, is appropriated to the use of the Governor* and then* guests. A large buffet at on* end contains an amplestoreofallkind,ofpotable.,andthattooofsupe-Boardofantral,ofthreeorfivea»• the rates specified m the act of 1SW.a Canyoaatototheamount that baabeenatocejouwereelectedPrlatortotheSenator BS» received one centre for.what tbe cost of the Senate printing of the present session willbe* A.Thatdependsspan Ifyouwill permitms whiteIamtalkingaboutthepaper aadthose reforms,r will refer to snother matter ; to reference to th* oaxrav tog I dtoaoTfrod that the engraving and uthograohK: prat- ingwereputoutouthesameprincipleasthepapar,andI adopted tbe principle of giving tbem out to the towe-t bid-Q. Tbat Is tbe cost for the whole session:' A. For the when,by tbe term, of its organization, moat of tbe This to tbe room to wbich midnight carousals ef the Go-Q. Do jou perform the public printing yourself, or haw5iloconwtracteodtitoownBe AM..Ipewrxfowrmt»«h•«>epu«b«l.ic~,p—rint-in„g Kfoundersbadrearedtomakeroomtorsuoceworsselected bytbepeople,aelassofmenbegantoseekadmissionto to the Board who were actuated by other than unselfish, phflsntrbopic motives—men, in fact.'who, seeing fat pick- ings to prospective, looked leas at the honor of the posi-WhataTobacco Matter*f•f th«rolkktaftie»ay,paidyoa A.I have,,„_•..—wholesession,excln-rveofpublishingtheDailyOla**.. Q.Youthinkthatistheooat? A.IthinkitisaboutitI make the estimate from memory.Q. Do I understand you to say that you are paid, besidesthat,$760acolumnforreportingandpublishingthevernor,andtheirfriendsareofcommonoccurrence,and wheremanyasober,respectablemannaydalehisdescent into hopeless drunkenness. The visiters are received with an invitation to drink, and more segars: this, with a glance throughtbehospitalward.,completestheinspection, and they walk down to the water and enter tbe boats foremolument tbat they might foovertly crib from tbe chil- Blackwell's Island. Tne boats are maaaeA by priaonetsTHE8LAFER¥t a the war a man wool* who was printer, and auJer-toek a dtoehlrg* or over-e evnythag »«**»* " "* der to every cs*e. Mr. Towers, the chief clerk in theot-same debates In the Daily GUAe? A. Yes, sir; bat I pay$460oftbat$750tothereporters. Tberematatog$3 tion,andtbegoodtbattheymightachieve,thanatthe!££to prSoiiogTl employer. »ve* to execute tt-5 work toWKiny Ibr mo. for which I pay him at the rat- of i?S^StoTo.toodoliarofaSprtoUngthat aha!)be exe- «JdMdpaootdbyto*SuperintendentofPublicPrintingOWereTyoVot any timetoo Superintendent of the Fuo- fc Prating' A. Yea, air, Superintendent of the Public prating for about one year and a half, I think.Q Are there any persona Interested In the profits of thewabuc printing beeide* j ourself? A. Neither directly nortadtoeetly if you wall permit me. I Intenied to statefarther to reference to tbe Interrogatory about my attendtoe to tbe dutits of the office; ! bare a clerk empbyei at would a?k for some information of that kiod, and it Isdoes not pay for the composition of the work in she rmily GkU. I have made a statement of tbe matter ia n y pa- per. Iloseabout$10.0UOontbeDaily Globe,batImake upmylosswhentbedebatesarecorrectedandpublished in book form.Thussytematizedandcompacted, thedepartmenttides, sixty-three cents a volume for binding tba Congret- worked harmoniously, being administered honestly, and rior quality, for your Governor to a fallow of delicate pa- we n a y hope for a much needed reform;- 'ton decomestoof toe Ilooaef A. Therateaare embracedB tb*pabltob*d act of IMS; they are paid for according o Can yon furnish the committee with an estimate or tenet CTofje. to the public satisfaction. But after a few years, late, who will not be put off with any common beverage.dren of poverty and crime. Undertbedisgracefuladministrationofsuch unworthyWKTWIS,xaia Bcnu_ March7,Ites, ^ iWell may convicts remark, as they frequently bave doneto the wardens, upon witnessing such scenes, " Mr ,it's pretty hard that I sb.ula be sent up here for six vate piques would be allowed to influence the conduct of months for getting arank on my oi«nmo«ey, and be put un- those having charge of tbe prisoners. Yet in the case of der tbe keeptog of those who get drwk on o'Xer people'*." a person coami :ted for libel, a Governor was heard to sayGo remote, when making tbe tour of tbe institutions with visiters, bave often been known to step torn the quarry, and, taking some striped stone hewer by tbe hann, publicly recognise him ana friend and political crony, conversing ano joking with him as an equal, and commending him as " a d dgood fellow" in the pre- sence or the Warden, guests and prisoner. Such behavior, it must be obvious, cannot fail to prove destructive to the discipline which ougnt to be. maintained am >ng the in mates of a penitentiary With tbe female prisoners tbe Governors are eqoalty free, and in their maudlin moods some of tbem converse with the women in a stralu of re- volting todecency. A t their dinner parties it was usualhave said, to order to save myself from aoy imputation or numbers is too high.be.ag connected with these paper contract?; his subject Q. Tbe i'ompctdtion is too row* A. Yes, sir.wasbeforetheinvestigatingcommitteeofthetostCon- Q.Whatisallowedforthesinillpica?A.Adollara timesduringtbequarter,andreleasedbytbemonlya isImperativelydemanded.Fromahightoned,ofaari-gress, aa'd tbey reported tbat llr. Wendell received some page plain work, ax.d a dollar and a half a page ruled few dajs before, it did no good. ''Make out their dis- table commission, it has degenerated into a miserable $39,100asapercentagefrompapercontractors,litho-work.Tbatisright cbarge,Mr.Warden,"wastheusualreply.Tbeeffectofiartisanmachine,usedbythemembersforthebasestmnchbetterhetoprovidedforsodtakencareoftonAs atehim, be remarked tbat he could not exactly say; that his operations were about a million a vear; now the print- ing proper never exceeded $180,000 a year: h i furthering slavery to be a Divine institution, aad that ataveeaU era are the instruments a the bands of an Ail-wtos Pro- vldenoe.Yee, the slaveholders are instruments ia tbe hands ef the same A!' wise Providence, wbo, tor tbe benefit at* civilization of the slave, and for other reasons beyond oar ken. ordaaed the whole commerce of tbe worid io depend upon the products of slave labor. What would commerce h e without cotton, tobac- co, soger, rice, coffin and naval stcrfsf Bss free labor ever produced them to sufficient qaectcfte to sopply tbe demands of tbe world? Commerce always follow* it* own toteresto, and if free labor waa nors va-luablethan stove labor a would beemployed toratoe these product* to the United State*, toe West todtoi sad the Brazils, which are all open to free labor.But here Be. the greater superiority aad s*If reliant power of the slave States over tbe tn* States. Tb* former allcw tbs Northern capitalists to come with his free labor sndcenrpftewithslavelabor,whiteattbeNorth law* are passed to prevent tbe Southerner from brtagto? his slave labor to competition with free labor. Tbe North pan prohibitory laws because tbey are afraid of ciirpes- ttoo. while the South throw* open every avenue and in- vites the free laborer to come and help aad learn then, if they can, bow to make coffee, tobacco, oottoo, rtos.ssaar, tar, pitch and turpentine, and they cannot <te S»,not»ntc- stoBdtog it has baen contended from the days ef Wilber- force down to the present time that one white laborer s equal to three slaves.TheLondonTtoiei,theofficialorganofthekfdingjbo titioniitsintbeworid,ondertbedateof Jaly1°,line,J* commeottog upon the negotiation between Lord p'tfeB- oon and Swor Don Viotor Hereon, abeatto*Msetoayor Buatan and the Bay lslanas, makes - * • " • " £ • * • " £the contrary, w e bear cheerful testimony to the fact that some of them are pure, high-toned, honorable n a n . But tbey are to the minority; thev sit at the Board with men whose face* are habitually flushed with liquor stolen fiom tbe poor house and the penitentiary—sane of tbem half drunk when tbey come to the meetings, from the same source—and b o w c a n their voices b e heard, and their vote* be made to tell, against such a shame- less crew. It to asserted tost some of the Governors ac tuaJly tax tbe department with the carriage hire of their families, and tbe cost of riding about to electioneer for their party.Q Is that too lew? A . Yel, sir; I flxel the prions, too;so; far tnstaaoe, paper amounting to some kept from the view of gentlemen who are not practical there wa« no necessity then for using fiat kind of type, token by tbe Governors and placed at nurse ia the wardens, or to heed the behests of other members ofansa adopted, aad by this reform a saving has beeo eftooted to the government, ca the Message aad documents stated, that if a gentleman offered bim one thousand dol- alone, of at leant $44,000 a year. lar* to put a certain thing through, he would pocket theQ How about tbe brevier? A. The brevier per page,that is to back it,contains twenty eight hundred ens. Tnelawailo>v«$! 6o for twentv-elgbt hundred «an, Brevierplain, and (2 for brevier rule aud figure. E >tu pries are whom be would betnend. For a while the WardensQ. That is on the number of copies ordered fer both sttront and do as be pleased with the money; tbat isIleuses?. A. Yes, sir; there was a saving in the Senate on record ; you will discover, if yoi look a*, that to tbe article to wbich I alluded pretty inujh wbat Iyear of $20,000, aad 1 see by a statement of the report tbat some swore, tbat as contractors, tbey alwaysof t h e House Cnmrnittoo o a Printing, latelythat be estimates a saving of nearly $30,000 inthe House; that reiorm reduced the cost of thatdocument par rear $10,000 at toast; when Ibid fifteen or twenty per cent more than mey wo iId hi"e bid, because they knew they would have to p t v some- body, a n l they put it in their bid; and tba' is wby I under- take to say that the priming will be doubled under a government printing office with these immense powersought to be pitii for a brevier psje, plain wwrk, and tw o dollars and a batf a page, at lead*, tor ru:<*l work.Q. How as to nonpaiicl? A. Three dollars and seventy- five cents is allowed for every 4,200 ems of nonpariei, exceptontbegovernmentordepartmeniworg.ef duty, insolence and insubordination crosequently cha-racterized the conduct of tbe keepers toward their superior otiicers; and, taking trleir cie from tbe manners oftheir patrons in the Board, in their intercourse with themale convicts they became familiar, aad with the femaleprisonerssbametullyprofligate. InanumberofInstances keepers snd deputy keeper., appototed by particular children, tbe offspring or this criminal intercourse, were Governors tor political services, refuse to obey the.rcame into the office ot the Superintendent ofMas Public Printing, I discovered that the paper conferredupontbeSuperintendentofthePublicPrinting;To such a state to this noble charity reduced thatfought against this license, but as it cid no good, they yielded to circumstances.When the warden* lost control over their subordinates thought it ought to be. One dollar ano 8».venty-fire cents they had no means of enforcing their commanas. Neglectconsiderably too low.Q Wbat ought the price* paid to be9 A I have statedto be $4 60 a page of rule work.Q. Are there any other kind* of tvpe used? A. There posed being a fine ot ?25 toward paying tbe outdoor order, system, and government to rapidly passingi w h e a l toftQ.DoyookaowUtoaasasof thisman* A.IthinkhisWallace; this twnau amount of paperI la the sole charge of Hus irreaponsibie man, I 'ossascttoa with the government, but was l a of a privato adividuai, and I found that ho1ayatotrentedtothegovs*aneat,enasmyforemantoemployingtheproperhandstooxecatebars;thetowtothatwhentheextranumbersreachfiresaidtokeepbisaccountsathomebychalktelliesonhisinstance,tbereconstructioneftbeIslandHospital.AwnWestIndiaisland,arefastretopstogtote?ri£-Question b y tbe Chairman—Is not Mr. Rivas tbe printer of theComgrtmonolGli»? A. Yes,sir;Mr.Rivessi1 tometbatit wasprobabletbatbemightloseanney,bat that be bad a great desire, for personal reasons, to get the work, and be would do It if ho lost $30,000 by it.made an estimate and it comes within a fraction or tbat.' Q.Thatiawhati*allowed? A.Onallpresswork,ex- ceptbills; Iiorgetwbatwallowed on hills,butittonotQ. He may lose by his contract with you, bat yoa are to snior BOloss by it? A. So far as that is concerned it is a B l a t t e r o f BO c o n s i d e r a t i o n w i t h m e a t a l l ; b e a g r e e s w i t hmaterial; for octavo work It is within a fraction of a m It of twenty five cents for every thousand page*, fol iin* aud stitching Included. ^ * ' ^ *at the drad of night. On one of these midnight trips re- cently tbey upset tbe boat, and but for antotouciu from t b e I s l a n d w o u l d b a v e b e e n d r o w n e d .rue admission-"One tbteg wesssyj-wmn^aadnipro- r a b r y w i l l s o d e n i e d b y BO o n * . G r e a t B r i t a t o h a s i r owardens were placed In subordinate positions, sndtheirplacesgiventocreaturesmoraeasilycontrolled. Howworthy wereson*of there successors maybe In- ferred from tbe fact tbat tbe family of one of them has been obliged to complain to the Board of bis criminal in- tercourse with tbe female inmates. Yet that warden has not been removed. Another was tbe confidential clerk a n d t u t o r o f a G o v e r n o r , w h o , w h e n h a c a m e I n t o t h s"iof sending ths papor from to* governi t o t h e w e t a n g r o a n ; t h s ) w e r e r o o m w a"i*•* •"be prating office aad was owned no to fffe too tbe use of his materials, and agrees to aci the regular numbers, but it ia too bgh forth* extra nu-n Board, eould not read, nor writ* hto own name, aadwas 1'laces a n crested for friends and relatives. Take,for w K for territory on tbe Ontrel American » f V < *Wallace anltookthe ihework,he(Mr.Rivm)actingundermvdirection,aad —ra posaeeskm; I after i eetog that the mechanical part of tbo work is properly**+toawetothereceiptoexecuted.thousand,twoandahalfpercentshallb«deductedfrom doorpotto. 8aperintendent of tbemasonary wasappointed at$d ve savagenei* When tberichbadsofJanatoaars tbe prater; on ail over tbat number and up to torentv It to currently reported tbat the Governors are net a oay, a deputy do. at So a day. and a rigger at $8 ring yearly abandoned, an i when to Trtotdaieud o a thousand,fortyperoantisdeducted. T abovesuspiciontotbeawaratogofcontract*,andtbataday.Tbeworkoftbeaaperintenpentanddeputywasn*cultivationha*almostceased,tt*Jf**•£.-*;pottery, drainWe, bricks, nortor, oemSTh^nb? really done by tboarchitect,wbo gotonly S3aday. Englandwilloar*toextend hersoveretrsty fur^overQ. Tbat includes tor whole allowance for composition dry gc^a, iron and other articles are sold by tbenTto- Tbe deputy anperistenJent was removed tbo other tropical emitory, which can only be braagbttotoan »JtateveryiavoiceoQassttowhyMr.Fouke—HepredicatedhiscontractwithQ. Tbat la wbat is allowed by law? A. Yes, sir.Q . D o j o u s a y I t i s t o o b t g h ? A . I t l a n o t t o h t o b f o ryoa upon bis facilities lor doing ths work? A. Yes. sir. and press work? A. Yes,sir. ^ ^ directly,totb* department A owe has been reported cay, after a severe contest to tbe Board,SB pretences the system of stovery which eh* has retonnfy om-Question by Mr. Somas You are no', responsible for any Q From your experknee, having dans this work, what Xo l w W h w , a t o needing bis services having long since oessad. The demaed.n • _.^,% ofhisdebts,orsayoftbelosseshemayincur» A.lam reformswouldyousuggestinthepresent system? A I .S. L ? * * **»»»*• *»years hadfur-rtaponaibJe to pay bim the amount for which he agreed to would suggest none other than I have already Burrested • ntobed good* tor orison clothing, saw* recently tost that building baa been roofed for four months, yet the super- Now, to the North wffltog (admitting for sigiaKBtu execute tba wort for me, as in foil - ratoe your price to a living on* on the oompWttoa and g * * ? : . T b e •^'MMMMl offered W M that heretofore intendent of thettssonry,wboisafrtond of one of the eke i has toe power) to ababSh stovery to u»<towtotoabytbaChsArwa«i Yoaarenotresponsibleif cutdewntheextranumberstoalivingpriesTtoVSi^. S*7J**P*??*"!••»!ef btenketetoofficiateinthe Governors,isstillretainedsatpaid,althoughnobos oatbora States, asEngland aidtoJsnare rr*•bofallstopaytbejourneymanhosmploys? A.No,air; vernment.asIlaidamyarticle,tbePratlngCommittee dspwtoMBVbttthisyaw,astbeyfelttoopoor,tbey sstbtogwhatevertodo.Inerectingscaffoldingrigger adandGutona,andletthertobfind.< be bads himself to me by my paytof him tba amouat can kill offa man who is public printer or make bin rtoh did not do so, and tbe priaon cloth was procuired else- are employed to put It up and take ft down; but tbey are onto "be abandoned,'' tot ••ealti»eUo*to) Mrsto exocnte the work for me. TheChairman—Thereforehela notyour agent? A.Iand poor to one Congrats. _ " * w TM " where. Another case was cited, In watch commissions paid by ordinary builder, only while to: actual nervtos. area*," aad tot tbe society ef tbe Southern '< pi , ort r to omcraJe, and nam tne fact be- The more|h*beral Governor*, however, appointed Mr. those Wands, inn"refines tots,a totoof prinitivs *iJ!? * <J*2 * £ " * * ***** nwnblrat A . Ho known " rd parttos, the commtosion wan Anthony Dugros brotber-a tow to that pssUtea, to tbe revaaeaesa?" Would this b e a areata*-. Treks* r ~ ^I have a clerk at $1,0*0 a year to attendand I give it my own personal cannot live; tor tne journeymen's wage* are high**thin refunded; W e cannot any boW much relianae to to be face ef tbe fact that tbere are Iota of sallor* oa Btookwell'aloottstoartbatMr. Rivas «impossible for ' were to go into the details of *c , which would complicatebut take them lato feed and care for the fatherles* hard fortuneIsland wbo would do the work as well as he, and thus re-tora something to the county for the coot of their trialand tb* Northers State., ^^h *^t JTM *lJ ^', „ - nee-what be is paid in a good many instance*.Q. Wbat is your opinion a* to Ola propriety or Mass,lity for a government printing office? AT I do netThink there is any now, and 1do not think It would be Drooer at any time. The printing, If done by the government would, I think, east it from fifty to one hundred r*r cTntplaced uponJJut 4j._tonoT'Would snob a c n a n # s b - a t to* «•*££•»£ ^ w r B ,•stbaar* gtrea n o a particle more than the prices I have indicated. I have no doubtproducts of store tabor, (ban toe stavi South, becausethe.«,: tw arncb*ow* of tbo office, and »n*t4i SKraldbwr*of that; and I would be wtiltog to rtok my establishment on my opinion.• n e lavish expenditure whtoh has attendsd tbe con-struction of tbo Hospital to to be enrrtod out to OwCSd. Bids bave been received for heating tbe building,vsrytog from $lfl,0C0 to over $30,000 Tbe lowest bid-cei. aye competent, capable men, with good securi-ties to bind them In tba faithful perforaeano* of theircorrect. Y et six member* of the Board bare corn-bin, d sad pledged taenserres to vote for the ft»,000 bid*era,and will probably rokh tbe oontract through next NortberaQ. What it your opinion of tbe contract sytenr A. ! dxn Tb*t baa been tried aeveral times aud each was M en- 7..abob^Bewspspersandaoctetiesby rat eonttisu«nf» orl^tof^nTaad if they d^Jto raa*y iore^b*Ure failure. would goto t a J -would go tor a governnsnl offi.se before I j contract system. It has been tried aero-O. Jennings Wiae, the son of ex GOT Wlaw, oa* of tbe editor* of tbe Richmond ~-*•••*Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streetof ties a __ ,t-k>» la th« NSWUntan utter failure.itled Document- department which to not provided with a pantry to whtoh every Governor baafound drtoktog at the expense of tbe ^'r'hnrae foul. With a fall *npply of champagne, liquors an*, aagare always at band, aad greasing.toritaUonBfrom tbe Gover- nors io partake, it Is not surprising that worthy officer* at thai place are acquiring habits which unfit tbeiThe Almshouse Department of tola city, after ten yearsof trial, has been found woefully wanting. Originatingin the necessity which existed for the renoviOia andreform of the old. imperfect and corrupt system, underwbich, we are told, ••licentiousness, disorder and filthreached a disgraceful height," it was intended to make Ita model astltution. With this view ten gentlumeu, among those wbo keep them to plnos when pressed to "take a the way to Btookw-tl's toaud, e . ^ L z L F T * » * • toand must in tne end work their ruin. for but) Tbe beatupon the friendship of their favorite then secure fron removal. BbwnHLpersonsthedepartmenttowhich,toitsinfancyandprime,strangers from far and near were directed by NewYorsers with pride and pleasure, as a branch of our localgovernment, which was honestly aad faithfully conducted vernors shout. "Bravo, workhouse," "Go it, penitentia- °!2!!0?,*1,lL* T2hmtory contributor to it* cotes**, i by public spirited citizens, in tbe midst of municipal ry,'' "Bully, almshouse," and cheer their men along, re- S w ^ n ! * * " . Q * ° y * « w n t y t l n the beautiful andfw- shortcomings of the most flagrant character, has so far warding tbem at the end of the poll with more wbtokey. tile valley of the Pntuxent, « where the wild raacoote fallen from its high estate that its condition may best be Tbe custom—and it to only of late years that it ha* be- grows.'' Over and often, while superinteadaa thelakTbefirststep toward thisstate ofdemoralizationwasoftheworkv A.Hisgoodname;hedoesnotgiveme tooverridethatprovisionoftheorganiclawwhich peoplewillrespectthelawswhichthemensetoverthen Jw^ToaxHHULDa*thefocuiwherealltheaboitontoaha Clerk of the Senate,and ascertain whether the printing to $68,000 trie first session, and to $110,000 th-i second Q. You furnish tbe materials? A. I famish evorythiag; bad been repealed. Each institution was under the through tbe almshouse, workhouse, lunatic say bun, State righto nan;" aad I believe last to BubbsBtog thennjBawnproperlyexecutedandreturned. Imakeallthe eerskm;theprintingfortbeThirty-thirdCongressem- Iwasdeterminedtohabethework,andImad*thepro- chargeofawarden,andeachwardenwasunderthe neajtontlary andhospital. ITtbey areof prurient articlesyoaactedupontheprinciple,"theerrorofem.requisitionsforthepaperfortbepublicprlr/iag,receipt bracedthreeheavyandexpensivequartoworks:—Perry's positiontoBowmantbatIwoulddoitfortirothirdsthe thumbofacommitteeoftheBoardorGovernors. tastes,althoughtbeydononotbelongtotbemedical nioncanbetoleratedwhilereasontoleftfreetocowtorHedelivery, anddoeverything thatIwoulddoifI ewaed the office and the material to which and with which the printing Is conducted. That is to say, I give it ail the personal attention I would if the whole thing be- toaged to me. Mr. Rives haa DO interest to any shapo or farm by contract, transfer, or in any manner in that •rmang, except that be manages tbe mechanical part of %for me for a special sum, to be paid by me to him for •smoteis inn workQ. Ho furntobtog all the materials and doing all the work? A. He furnishing all tbe materials—yes, air.JapanExpedition, kc., in whichtbecostlycoloreden-gravings and material used in them totused an immenseamountpaidbytbegovernmentTordoingit; I naylose a large amount of money by it, but I was oetemined toTbewardens fonnd that tbenewly elected Governorsbad incurred obligations to their partisans which theyprofession,tbeymay,iftheychoose,stepintothetheatreor the Hospital, and tne young physicians, who bave beenbatit"You have labored without ceasing to con vtece the were-expenditure: t hese works have been continued from beat Wendell, wbo once, when I was bidding fer some (the warden'a) were expected to discharge. The re- left in charge by the dissipated chief, will summon some ag class**, the manufacturers, the merchants, aad con-that time down to tbe present, and Mr. Nicholson, who work, put in a bid three mill* under mine after mine was sult was that, to win favor with their comxtttteee, of tbe unfortunate wbmen rent there for treatment, and servative men of the North, ef toewas the Printer at that early period, is still executing someof that work which was then or iere.l, and is yel unfinished;toe printing for the first session of the Thirty-fourthCongress amounted to $38,000, and for the second an 1exposed; I published Wendell and all who were connected with the matter at tne time; in doing the printing at the rate at which I have undertaken to do it, my calculation is that I will not maki or lose more than $7,000 and thethe waroens weakly consented to appoint and remove subject tbem to tbe shame of an examination, in the pre- naturally renltfrom their quietly affowtogtheat tbe pleasure of their superiors. Thenceforth all subor- sence of the company. At least this was the esse not toto, wbo once formed so small s portion ofttbe populationthird sess'ons of that Congress to $81,000; tbe printing wear end tear of the materials; I put in tbe bid willing The history of the institutions for tbe past two or three curiosity.for thefirstsession of the Thirty-fifth Congress smounted that Wendell should know it, and try to do it for that if years, if it could be faithfully presented, would show a Having looked over the island, tbe guests are escorteddination and discioline, all order and system, all re sponf-ibllity and accountability ceased, and chaos came.lcog ago, and not Governors atone, but tbe relatives of Governors took their friend, thither to gratify a depravedto misrepresent their opinions and totarests aad af the great importance of their rallying to the rescue a Bravest Iurtber inroads upon tbe right* of the South. The cause- al course which tbe HIIUI.I. has taken on the stovery oaes-to $31,000, and for the tost sesslJO to $56.U00; he could. degree of disorganization, a dissolute disregard of decen- to tbe grand banqueting hall, a spacious saloon in the tion. and the toct ef it* being a perfect «stoyctoeeOtoef thefind room f»r this commonicatiiocvin your columns Myeducationnayhavebeenverydefective,forIwntaught from my Bible to believe slavery weaadivtoe tosn- Q. How many copies of the Congressional Globe,to book the law*; no longer pototoM with pride to the generous please, tbey company again take the boat* for Ran- tution. "The higher law" of my Bibleto writtento tea Q. Under thattow do you suptSsse that the printing for form, are usually published at each session of Cangreas? manner to which the city provided lor tbe outcast, orphan dall's Island, snd race and about all the way there. At commandments. Ifini these words a tbe fourth—?• totbe Senate will be increased or diminished? A. It is im- A. About thirteen thousand.1 Q. And yon are paid how much per column for those"'and criminal of her poputotion, they only sought to minis- tbe Nunery tbe boys are brought out and put through it thou shalt do BOmanner of work; thou, and thy sot,and thy daughter, thy nan servant and thy maid aw- vast" Andtothetentharethesewords—"Tbo-Shahpossible tor me to answer that question, because It de pendanponwhatordersCongressmaymake;theymay,A.lampaid$760percolumnbyCongressforpublishingtor to their own depravefc appetites, and to show those whowentwiththemhowlawftwaapoea.blefortheser-their evolutions, a few of the buildings are visited. tnclud- togtheschool,thenmoreliquorsndsegars,sndthenre-the resolutions and reports accompanying them, and bills, kr , it would he a rtrj small matter; but if tbey go into the printing of books and heavy report*, no mat- terwhatratesmaybefixedfortheprinting,itmustrunthousand, and $3 a copy for the short session, for fifteen hundred pages, and one cent for every five pages excess. There were three sessions in tbe Thirty-fourth Congress, huttheextrateationwasashortsession,andIdidnotvisit tbe islands to supervise tbe doings of tbe wardens, snd direct the making.of repair*, advise a* to retrench ment and economy, and generally to see tbat the public servicewasfaithfully performed. Iftosodoingtbeybear the oaths and shouts, aad boisterous mirth, long af ter the boar of retiring. After that comes a midnight •all around tbe islands, or a stretch to High Bridge aad bsckbymoonlight.Howconducivetodisciplineandgo*1is a divine institution, when we read to Lsvtticue, ehaaier 26, verses 44 to 40—" Both thy bondmen aad thy bend* nmids which thou shalt bave shall be of the heathen that areronndaboutyou,orthemshallyehaybondmensadpages T have mentioned, is paid only for what to prated whentbeyexceedthreethousandpage*foralongsession, and fifteen hundred pages for a short one.aad intemperance. No longer seeking to astruct and awe tbevisitor with a spectacle ofthesinfulness ofwrong- doing, and tbe punishment awaiting transgressions againstmuch was actually expended upon the building and its de- coration.thosupportofany newspaperoutofthe profitsthereof.By ths Chairman—Are you a practical print»r * A. I under this restrictive system, fail to order works that the debates in the Daily Globe, and I am not paid after- vants of the people to sink themselves Thus, in the turn. By this time, as might be supposed, the Governors not covet thy neighbor '* bouse; thou abait not covet thyass, and have been for thirty years; I worked with Duff tbey have heretofore boon in tbo habit of doing; for in- wards by the column. I am paid $3 a copy for the nook, course of time, "a visit to the institutions" became syno- snd their gneets are not far from intoxication. neighbor'* wife nor his servant." When two out of tea aween***journeyman, whenbowasa 1'natortoCon- stance,whentheDeiaflaMreportwa*upbeforetheSe- nomatterbowmuchitmakes, lorthek>agsession,and nymoniwithdrunkennessanddebauchery. Itoftenhappen*thattbefeastingattbepenitentiaryto commandmentsspeakof"servant*,"'toitnotfairtoafw gressto18».Iservedaregularapprenticeshiptothe nate,tbeyrejecteditatonce,sadiftbeyprintsimpry onecentloreveryfivepage,whentbeyexModthree TheGovernorscollectively,ortocommittees,usedto prolongedtarintonight,andtheprisonerstotheircells ittoanacknowledgedinstitutionrArewenotcavacedatoade to Virginia, and edited one paper la Pennsylvania tor twenty eve years.Q. Please stats to the committee your opinion in rela-tiontothefroperreformsrequiredonthissubjectofthepabiic printing, if yon have formed any opinion on -.he up to a large sum: if you will took into the matter, you charge lull prices for that. George W. Jone* told toe that called for a carriage or two to ride to Sixty first str jet or order of the institutions such proceedings are, nay be bondmaids. Moreover, of the children of tbe strangers •object, a . Well, air, with your permission, I will ettto will find that, whilst tbe printing to a period or six years I was entitled to $3 a volume for the extra session; but I 122d street, and, when their duty to tbe public was done, imagined. that da sojourn among you, of them shall yoa bay, andso far as some reforms bare already bean effected during cost the government about one million, the paper used would cot take it, though tbe law authorized me to do so. sat down to dinner with the warden, and discussed their Tbe children on Randall's island have been brought to of their famine s tbat are vith you whtoh tbey begat latow period I waa Superintendent of the Public Printing. cost two millians—showing that the coat of the I charged the debates of tbe extra session as an excess of affairs over a generous bottle and a full flavored Havana, the city at the bidding of Governors, and paraded with your toad, aad tbey shah be your pianiiiiiuu and y*Par instance, when I was appointed Superintendent of tbe white pacer atone Is double that of the , the number or p»ges allowed lor the long session, and re- tbe public did not complain. There were no hostelrtes on flying banner*, and to the music of fife and drum, stall shall take them a* an inheritance for your children afterPublic Printing 1 discovered that aoout thirty printing; tbe cost of tbe paper make* a heavy item to ceived one cent for every five pages.dolars a year were paid tor what tbe expend:'.ure; with* this tbe Printer has nothing to do; State tbe profit on the publication of the Congressional•'double composition;" that is to gay, a tbe white paper exceeded tbe cost of tbe printing one i Ghbt' A. Tbe profit on tbe nook la greatly reduced bytbe island*, the bracing air thereaoout was a wonterful sharpener of tbe appetite, and it was apparently no more than light that the Governors, when on public service, should eat at the publio expense.hours of ihe night, for tbe benefit of fire oompasies, re- yen, to inherit them for a po«se*s»on; they stall be yourmillion of dollars—joat the paper alone, whilst the bind- ' what I lose on tbe Daily Globe; I do not think there to aing of tbe extra numbers alone come to $77d,360; that j cbeapt r book published to tbe world than it; I pay m ywas dnrlng toe six years, from 1S52 to 1858 inclusive;jrot n bt^bor prices than tbey are paid aoywhere eiso inthe etgravmgs are first made on steel, copper or atooe, | this city or to this section of the country; I pay thaa tonand then tbey are transferred to a atone and printed from , or e.'evcn per cent more than the prices paid for tbo Con-the stone; tba' is what to called Htbograpbic printing; I grentonal prating, because they have to work hard andho Printing- to Mr. Stee/imen, at Printer of tbe the impression* are not usually made from tbe original 1 are good, excellent printers; taking tote consideration tne bueaiss calls or not/and to take along compauies of hisPrater waa elected for the Senate and a Printer for tbe House, and by a sower of attorney their n/hta were Uaaslerred to Mr. Wendell, and he became tbe Printer In toot for both Houses of C agrees. For instance, the Mes-Bat, for years past, this order of things baa changed for the wotse. Instead of gotog to their work with a will, in quiet committee, each member now holers it to be his right to visit tbe astitutions whenever he pleases, whethersage and documents woula bo ordered by the Senate, and a osrUtcato would begtven by tbe Superintendent of Pub-ligious and charitable societies, sad for political purpose*. l e arc Informed when Gov. Moloney waa running for Se- nator last fall, be had tbem out at nigbt en Washington Heights, for his glorification. About tbe aame time be took John C II'enan ard a number of otbsr sbould*r hitters to Kendall's Island t i review the boys. Tbe youngsters were drawn up in line and made to give cheer upon cheer lor ibe Benicto Boy.Would these G.IVCmors treat their own children in the sane way 7 It not. bow much tbe more tender ought thev ty five per cent on the capital Ihave invested, or $26,000 wine them at the cost of the city, ordering the to be with ibe orpnaued aad desolate children ef they .etty,bondmen for ever; but over your brethren, the cuildrea of Israel, ye shall not rale over one nnnbnr with rigor." We also read In CjJlosstaas, chap. S, verses 22 and U:" Servant*, obey In all tbikss your masters according to tbe flesh; net with every service as men pteasers, but a iitgftntss ef heart, rearing t >d. and whatsoever ye do, Co it heartily, as onto the I«—L and not unto man: know- ing tbat of the Lord ye s*"* receive tbo reward of toeinheritance, for you serve fcPrfjord Christ."We resd as follows to TitC* chapter 2, i arses 0 aad 10: " Exhort servant* io be obedient to their own masters, and to please them well in ail things; not answering agaia, i ot ruriomirg, but showing all good fidelity, that theyfor the composition and printing of the engraving bu t are transferred; it is upon that descrip- capital I nave invested, and the wear and tear of material Iritniic, sometime* twenty or thirty to namoer, in car-Having eaten, drank and pocketed as much as theytbe almshouse to also complained of as innotri- studies of words, whereof eometh envy, strife, raltogs,ciou* and often uBeatobto. The same m ay be said of tbe articles supplied for the use of the sick. Srmetimes the meat to sent back; bat thisof meat or the men wbo keep him in office 7 It would bethought very improbable that a a penal institution pri-been sent to an insane asylum, was put through Wch acourse in ibe quarry a* brought him to death's door. W ebave good authority for stating tbat a sane offences aad tot go—tbe family af tba Northern nearer man, charged with repeated forgeries, was com would prefer him to be puntobed and let g>. that they muted to the lunatic asylum, with (be connrv might be supported; but tbe tow says BO. I have no^1maintenance during confinement; aad tbey stillretatoaim at the tame salary. although for four or fire months tbere ha* been nothing whatever for turn to do, and from the beginning only work lor a few weeks at tbe outotde._jereof LysB, Manstawwm, answer. * » » » « * ' ? classes,tbenanufaetorer,the merchant*.sndesaxsan <* iheNoVtb are for nors totorested to slavery, and « •In First Peter, chap. 2, ver IS, are these words. 'Servant*, be subject to your masters with aii fear a n only to tbe good and gentle, but atosto tbe fcoward."dren; whereas tbe stove In tbe South to whipped for su-h•hoi fret to t(ran•sea*CJUE8TI0*.Yam,P.O.,Ht.t of Va.andTort day eveaiBg. torn of tb* 1In contravention of the rules and cus which prevail la all the other astitu-Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.coma.ir.arret,sndcellai* a dollar a weeksurplu* ofdividual States.i7 and fund*,.to be provided for, and *t the welfare and hapt 