 BW]I IIr«166 (toy*voyage mr; thrs*.THE^ CHICAGO C O * ^ ^THE PB0CEEDIIG8 YESTERDAY8EWAED DEMWISrKATIOHDDEISE CEOWDS OF PATRIOTSTremendous Enthuaiaam in the Hew Wigwam.1*0 Gnat "taffcactsw" tf the RepaiV tteaa Party Set isMe.HoriBatjon of Abram UMcoifo, of Illinois, for PresidentTTanfiitral Hamliii, of Maine, for VioeWHOA1ETIE CANDIDATES,HIE ACJUHT ff T1III UTECEDElfi* * ,OL'BSPECIAL CHICAGO DESPATCH. OOCAOO, May11,1800;ithe Wigna, thaiiAB1AM LINCOLN, Of ILLINOIS.recess till ore o'clock At the iBANNIBAX HAMLL*, Of MAINE, wac nominated.After the Dscola excitement the BrnmwillBfj MGtay wao> on the ticket, there wao a littleTremendous apptoose followed this awnaoh, tsamsmm coin,andhadnovoicetorHamlin.Oneof kerehato,sad•weilhigtheapplausetoathon-11«•»*•Mr. Baows. of Maanari, desired to c! vote* of Missouri for the gallant son of the W. Ltaoota.Iowa, Connecticut, Kentucky changedtheirvote*. Theresult of the thirdballot then announced.Whole number cf vote* cast Necessary to s choiceMr. Abram Liacoln receivedsad w m declared duly T % - r t HThe fktotoa atltl nrrtng for Fki sard warn8: Now York, TO; New Jersey, 5; Paaasylvsata, X; Mary- tand, 2, Michigan, 13, Wlavoasin, 10; Cauforna. 3. Total, no*.Mr. Dayton received one vote from Nsw Jersey, and Mr. McLean hair a vote from Pennsylvania.The result wm received with reaswsd applauseWhoasilencewmrestoredWa.MBriancamefordertegroarthroughsererala&tautes. ThaiwmwardtotheSecretarystable,aadspokemfollows;— followed by aome hiaaw and toad spphwm for Mr. CBUOULUI, Gaaixaaua or TH* NITIOSAL Oowrawgow— The Stale of New York by a full delegation with complete Ltaoohi, when the frtoadn of Seward again unanimity of purpose at homo, came to this Convention rallied, determined not to be put down in applause by the and pretested m it* ehotoe one of it* citizen* who had served the State from boyhood up. aad labored for it and lovedItWemamhareagreatState,with,mwethought, agreataaaaaasamv-(epptame)—aadoarloveforthegroat republic from which we a-e all delegates—the groat re- publicoftheAmericanUnion;and ourlovetorthegreat republican party of the Union and oar love of our states- man and candidate, made m think we did oar doty tothe countryandthewholecountryinexpremtogourprefe- rence and love for him. (Apptaaae.) But, gentlemen, it was from Gov. Seward that most of us learned to love repub- licanprinciple*andtherepublicanparty. (Cheers.)Pratt, of Indtaaa.The fbBewtog wm aaaswaaad m the National Commitwhen he made a tour of the middle aad Nsw Bngtanl states, deiiverag political mump agaaakm at twenty Ave eeata per taaata admission. Ho delivered a speech to the Cooper Institute, which he evidently prspafsd for the mwapapera; but on the sight of the jstasra hetressoinMessSewards'-irrepressibleconflict'dBe realised two hundred dollar* from thto lecture. He next vtoited Connecticut sad atumpsd that Sate tor the republicans The fact of his chargtof aa aaasaBtoa toe to hi* lecture* a thing unknown before in oar political hattory—was the mbtoet of ommsmt among rnltog re publican*, and to aeverai Baaaaam received the rebuke which sash political ahowmsnahip deasrvsd.MEMOIB OF HANNIBAL HAMLIN,THE BjrjTBLiCAN CAPDIOATI FOB THI VICE FBBeT- DBNCT.BAssnui Biaanr wm born in Paris, Oxford county,Maine, August 37.1800, i s s lawyer b y prufamtm,- w m smember of the Maine Legislature from 18B8 to 1840electedsrepresentativetotheTwentyeighth sadwas*B>*toet*dtotheTwentyninthCongress:wasaHOWTHFNOMINATIONSWEBEBECETYED member of tbe House of Repreeenative* of the State Le%m•t tlM>A large banner w m brought onsylvanla, bearing the inacrtption, " Pennsylvania good for 20,CC0 majority tar the people * candidate, AhaB was received with toad apptoose.At half pmt ttvs order w m obtained, aad the announced the business before the Convention to be a bal- lot for Vtos PresidentMr. WuDsa.of Kansas, named John Hickman, of Penn •yrvaata.Mr. Lawn, of Peamyivaiii* seconded theMr. Ciarm, of Ohio, named Hannibal Hamlin, ofof Mian I m i l (Loudapptame.)Mr Surra, of Indtaaa, named Cassias M. Clay. (Load•iMtfrajjjtaia^-temi,*.masasaaoa.The faithul yeJJod themserva* oat tor L acips! thoroughfares have called out thousand* of to m ths highest pitch.IkeSmithfamilytramIndianamadeaBoaoon la favor of everybody whoae earns had been during the day. othera followed in the aaaa •aid many pretty thing* about Mr. Seward.TheeaacmdtrgbaafaeaooftheConrationwao acted1amidgreatconfusionThe result today Yertflaa the prediction of iaat nigit. thattheSewardaaowerebluffingtadorJariagthatSeward weald be nominate! The B n u u despatch predicted thenominationofLincolnearlyattheaoateatan he ftrst ballot developed has* the New York dste- gatimlookedBkoa(aaetalginIBBBMI,amitheoacoada. The third buried Seward.gtoature ia 1847, and elected to the United States Senate May 26, 1848, for four pears, to fill s vacancy occasionedIN PHILADELPHIA.Pamarairma, May 18,1800An enahmtestic ratification meeting wm held at thel republicanhesnVjuarter* to-night Agrand torch-l!ghprocessiontosowmarchingth*atreet*. Thenoattoattoa of Lincoln is received with general favor among ths party throughout ths State, tt bstef the work of thePen my Ivana delegate*.id roaarrocttan induced by the tramp af Laceta brought forth Ivarto, of Now York, who, afteri aomtoattan unanimous. Andrews, of others, amoaded the motion, and itCarter, of Onto, aanooiced a change of floori IJaoata, which produced the result a favorel the aner , aearry every wiambir of u ttea wm ao overeome with oaexpecud joyThe tatbusaam w m to erery otherUpon thai another some of toe greatest —thmrUf^, and tumultuous excitement ensued.Mr. KOKTH, of Mtoaesoto, aim seconded, on the part of Minnesota, the aommatton of Mr. Seward. (Tremendous)WUSOB, of gaama The delegatm and people ofMr OBUSJO, of Ohio—Oa the part af a large number of the of Onto, I desire to asaaad the amakmStoa of the man who am split reiki aad maul democrats—Abram Lto-Nebraska bia, sad after that attached hisasetf to the re publican party, sad succeeded to the Governorship by the vows sad support of that party.THE EFFECT OF THE N0MIHATI05.question of the productive tariff, of bean tar year* a onaaairat advocateto theirheartbrokenchlldraa.The ab'ppmg m da kdee aad a the m a r arePllOCKKDrSQS Ot? THE COFVTBTI05.their Statm.atto* tarn t n l baadkerchnfa, ttomofenthusiasm,hi which maa heartily. Tao Nowafl toe while, aad whoa argot by a witter of poficy, to jam the apeswaty deetawd. Some oftwaredA VOICB—Abe Immm hm H by the aoond BOW ballot (Cheert aad htmm.)Mr. Lmcoto't aomhattton tar mrprtm, bat wm wall rsmivad getaraUyitfMwere present from tin Stateat without hia ItrnmBsfim mai their number* with m c who liv*d God only know* where. A retodmt ef the State ha*i Item refuaed« •Xawould cast her HamIID onion and victory. (Loudtedtoate Iks rough training of hJS mily Hfo, -vsraatim savors strongly of Western idioms aad prm on cation. Bus height B tlx feet three inches Bkoomplex MB ia aboat that of an octorooa; bte tarn, aahtal aatoj by my mesa* beautiful,I*geniallooktag,sadgoodho mor mem* to lark to every corner of fasjes. He has dark hair tinged with gray, atotheIHif•«iw.aadwbtoewjeotMi la fiHiBf the delegation wltt BOB« M MHehoped the motion toto of thaUiS 70S 1eyes, a h a g peaateattog asm, wtah 1 AaosTUCK,ofMewHsmpehire,movedthatthePresi- waarwayshaadtohadtohteWa. M FA\UOT, o'New York, did ata rim for the pur- pose of making a speech, bat oaly to ask If i t t t u i i » tttotoChoir mBrtlm it hi ordor to•BOBMtheygottatothehall,friends. I t o offiOBn, therefore, found itorAfter opoao delay,form and datrlbultag ballots, to ballot.then ram sad cor by changing fourhim by 2>,wUdly excitedA targe porttoa of the dalrgatos who had kept tally atrepublic**! her*. Mr. Hsmlin «; hat thefaatt Psssnairr suggested that the only method towould he lor each delegate to chum Wopatch hm bean forwarded to them to thatTHE NOMINATION OF LINCOLN A T ALBANY. May 18, U mkwammsf ths (ifthtocaya honorof theaomdent of the United State*Th* nimmattm wag received with lend and long coo-abolitionist Ihavebeenanoldlinewhig. Ihavealways baled % and I always believed it to course of ultimate extinction. IfIwaretoCongress,sadavotoahouldaome up on a question whether alavery should be prohibited to a new Territory, in spite of tae Dred Scott decision I would vote that it ahouid.In •aother speech at 8pring«eld, ill.. July 17,1868, be said— *I nevertheless did mean to go on the banks of the Ohio sad throw mantes tato Kentucky, to disturb them to their aasssaato toaShasamIn another speech at Pal-burg, October T, U K , BoI believe that the right of property in a atave a not .ito- ttactlv aad expr—ry affirmed to the constitution.A vote of thaaks wm aim •smart to the other officersof Out Convention, especially the Becordtag Secretary, of tato BMttea of the Union until during the past water,hi Stato tares! and Broadway the subject of the aosmastton Theaamunc*- of the nomination wm entirely unexpected by the republicam of thto city. They wars confident that Wm. H. •toward wm to be the ma, aadof Al first thel i n t OtJBBBBB eawbanaafhw, awaa**m BBBT•till extoto, bat they m y thto they will abide by the dee! atom of the Convention, aad give Ltaoota a hearty and cordai support.AJJUST, M s y l 8 - 8 P M The repubticsas of this dty a n BOWfairly waksd upthe wildmt amatoaaata prevail* to regard to the of Lincoln State atreet to a perfect of firs, from burning tor barrel*. The wholeMr Jn>D, of niinote,beg leave to after ao a oaadiilate ierProataaa* of the Unitedof rfflaata 'roar, the wildestthe close of the applause preeeure tar Dacota w mhat thebringing a largo paintingof Mr.Dacota. lasseamat thailims beggar* description—11.OCOpeopleinsideaad 20.000 or 30,000 oofatide were yelling and shouting at ooee Two cannon asm forth roar after roar ia quick aaoomatoa. Delegates tore up the sticks and board* besnug the names or the several State*, aad waved thorn aloft over their beads, and the vast multitude before thewaving hat* and handkerchiefs one of the wildmt euthustaam.Wa. M. Bv^am, of New York, navtag obtained aag, «aid—Mr. Chairman—Can Nsw York have thecf the ConveatwB? (Cries of "Yea, ym!") I ask if the vote hm yet been announced? (Cries of "Not yak") Then, air, I wait to be to order.republicanorganisation in thechoice of»"'«t'*fl1tifog; PresidentandViesPresident.maybefollyaadfairlyas- certained, and that the baste of the nominating vote be tked m near as may be to the propor ion to the number of republican electors found to reside at the test general Mate election prmarkng a m nomination to each Con- gressional dtetrtot throughout Oa Union.After aome akiraiahiBg a i d on l a s labia.Mr. Wiaaacm,*f Vermont, moved a vote of thaaks 0 the Convention to the President for the ability aad cour tssy with which ho dachargsd the data* of the office. Carried unanimously.Mr. BCDLST, of William L Dayam.GOT Basraa, of mate dsairm toNow (SlightMr. Ltaoota w m comparatively unknown to the peopleMr Ciain, ofOhio,potforwardthe af Oh». (Load apptaaae )Mr. Man, ofof TniHsaa to second the nmaamtton of (Another oatborst afof the hall, mingled with aome biases..)of ofMaaauri. (Apptaom }Both street* are laterally with men of ail parties, who am miasllj daMr BIAIK, of Michigan, acid-On the part of Michigan I desire to my that the republican* of that State second the Bommattoa of Wm. H. Seward for the Preaidency.thto dty than has ham m m thto even ' gam sad ths illumination of the prin-friendsofLincoln. Atthaiaeooadtrialofhangs,however, itwasevidentthatthecrowJwmmoredividedthanat first appeared, and the Liuota m m apparently had the majority.^by the deceaseTOST COBWIS, of %hlo, masBsatod John McLean. ofOhio,forthePreaidency.(Louda?pause)Mr. AauruH then to short remarks returned thanks to theConventionTorthekind amisaace extended hia a the dBchsrge of the duties of the Chair. Be congratula- tedthemonthegratifyingauspicmoftheresultoftheir tebora He endorsed the character aad ability of both thenominees,withwhomhehadenjoyedalongaaso- ctatton to public life, and expressed the conviction that victory must crown the effort* of the pa-ty to November.The Convention then adjourned tine as*, with nine hearty cheers for the ticket.Immedately on the adjouraasast oas hundred gam were fired from the roof of the Tremont House.The entire proas are under great obftgatabaa to the Western Union Telegraph line aad s**aaaatog ham for the promptse— a a d accuracy with which t h * long report* nave been forwarded, aad eapeetally to the Cttioago office for raejlittas aad arwaanmoitatjoa* afforded the reportersSKETCHES OF T I E C1TDD1TES.ABRAM UBTCOLH, OF ILLINOIS.THE EETCBLICAN OANSISATI FOB TUB PBlSIDgNCT.Abram Lincoln, the republican aaadtetote for the Prasi dencyinthecampataaafI80X),teaaaiiveofBartencounty, Kentucky He w m barn February 12,1808. Bia paresis were bora in Virgina, sad wars of very moderate dr-years, sad ***agaad the office of Governor, February 20,186r.HetonowsUnitedSate*SenatorforMaine,anda TheleaderinthsJTerfitAmertcamapeak*veryhighlyofmember of the Committee oa Commerce sad oa the District the candidate*, Blinding particularly to the tevoaaa of ofColumbia. MrHaaattowmformerlysdemocrat,but Lincoln,throughalongpubic hte,toCam. Scnru, of Waoaain, an the part of a * Stat , heroremaadteeondedthenominationofWm.H.prior to hia election a* Governor or Maine be changed hi*raUttas vary auddealy in s speech ia the Senate on the pies, m s atroag proof ofA Samoa*Mr. liacoln on the part of thattheofLotusJuige LMU«, of IUtooto—Mr. Pissldmt, to ordor or oat of order, I propose kato Geaveation sad audieaee giro three cheer* for the man who a evidently their nominee.(Bases, asm eras of "No," -No," •'Call the roll. ')The Pamumri—g the Conveawon will gat over ttukUniuiamlwle eidtsment the roB will be called.by the rspubh- whohsitadthstaraaawiat wha siAfteraoam further excitement thecallingoftheroll with difficultyasoaa.Wi'h loud cheats for Lincoln, the Convention adjournedpresent durag the eveanag, bat the crowd wm oonttonslly dropping in aad oat, and at no oae Urns exceeded over two hundred personsThe chair was occupied by Mr. C. Brataar were marts by a Mr. B. F. Shsaard, Mr. other*, almost t h s entire burden of which pretaion of aaappointment that Wm B oaprfvad of ass awmtoatton Ths•trong team, aad that the republican party, which 1866 w m , ao to apeak, merely the gnatie of aparts Bifjmliatton, wm sow s fully itwvasmtd ooae, pes •csstog all ths aasawam of a rength aadThe aemocraac party had gone to the dog*- One wm travelling a m way, tbe other tottea, aad there w m no probability that ttbe wchtod together *ufflcaatry tarong totbe well combined force* of republicanism tao m tea asam now m to 1886—ao mora atevery toths Territories—and the aacn who th* Mandard bearer* would carry flat to certain victoryMr. McCtntTocx **m*sawd t h e following which were nnanimoualy adopted —l ajHslisrt Tkm tae Younc Men * Repubhoan Usioa totheBam, Ma., May 18, Mass.BM00X9 BALLOT.Untitled DocumentNEW YORK HEBALD, SATTJgDAT, MAT 1», 1860.-TRIPLI SHEET.•oat with by the clearing gt the pat-•)Upon the reception of the news of the not*rn*Iton of Lincoln by the Chicago Convention, the Young Men'* fte- pubucanCommitteecausedonehundredgum- tobefired la the Park In commemoration of the event After the Young Men e rsluto bad been fired, the General Commit toe canned another hundred gum to be fired, ia order to show their approbation of the aa*atasatos There w m quite a crowd collected is the Park to witness the firingThere w m saw one hundred gun* fired in Hamilton square, and one hundred in Union square, to express the joy of the republican* at the news from Chicago BATEFICATIOH wwsjTTJfG AT WTTV8SANT LS'STITTTB.A mecttog wm hold tost evening by the Young Mena Republican Union, to the Stuyvesant Institute, to ratify the nominations of Abram Lincoln and Hannibal Hamlin,Isjufffhe did no*__ 1 1 - U^-dent of the Convention aad chairmen of the several dote gaiion*, be a nommlllini to Inform Messrs. Lincoln aad Samba of then- nomination. Adopted.Mr.GIDDCIGSmovedthefollowing—they todieated a b a g head aad etoar though**, ana a w-ir*- watoh, *s*ga rnrt* tirbin nf m*qslf>ami puipiaiaias, m probably the moot expressive feature of bia face.As a apeaksr he ia ready, smetea aad nueat H a manner before a popular *****sbiy lam hepteese*to make it, batog either aoaeratively ludicrous or vary l aeni»j!v»na. RWelaaad.Virginia.Toiaj> •. *•*• •• •• ••««,Mr Assaswa, of"mted the vote of Mmmch•na giving them to Lincoln, thm tDSjortty.once anitt the struggle wm decided, sad half the Omvm (ton ram, cheering aboatiog and waving thsirThe audience took op the cheers, aad the oarne deafening.State after State rem, ttnving to change their vote* to thewtaaiagcandidate,buttheaotos sadmthuataam rendered it impaasible for the delegates to make them •elve* heard.Mr.MCCBOUB,ofMains,makinghimselfhears,aatd ttwt the young giant of the West is now of ago. Maine BOWeasts for him bar sixteen votes.Mr. Aanaawa, of Maamchiiaulte, changed the vale of bat Stale, giving eighteen to Mr. Lincoln and eight to Mr.'Seward.Intelligence of the nomination w m now conveyed to theThe Convention immedately bbut as before slated, the peculiar cnaractenetic af ate de livery to tbe remarkable mobihty of hte features, thefre quent contortions of which excite a awn I nasi hia worm could not produoe.announced to him republicanttobet Mr acmtosttoa of Mr cant could have beta h e n asxtBia ndeitty to the country, the constitution and tae taws hia fidelity to the party and the pnnctotaa that nwjorato* govern; his teterest to the advancement of oar party to ite victory, that our country m»y rise to its arm glory, induce me to declare that I apeak hi* asaaaaaaaaa, m I do the united opinion of oar delegation, when I move, air, m I do now, that the nomination of Abram liacoln, of nil E01s, as the republican candidate lor the auttrage* of the whole country for ibe office of Chief Magistrate of the American Union be made unanimous, (Applause sad three cheers for New Y ork)A life size portrait of Abram liacoln w m here exhibited the platform amidst renewed apptaaae.Mr. AsDaaws, of MassaahuMtto, oa the part of the aited delegation of teat State, seconded the motion of the gentleman of New York, that the aamkmttoa be made unanimous. After declaring the devotion of Masaachuseta to the principle* of freedom and equally, he extotl ed Governor Seward m a Btaaaaama and patriot, aad pledged the State to roll up over 180,11(10 majority, andgivetheeighteen(13:') electoralvotestotheeaadi-m ths8_ _——-..locality a which be preach one set of principles tary set hilegatator, but i* classed ThmFordsamp.Ia peraoasl appearance fsmiltary termed141 — — « — »42 1—— — ——— —- — —mmpart of the people 0hy hasa greatdealofthe—S at ———. -"Old Uncle Abe," to s— 10 « _ —— —• IS4— .——— — — —s 9 18 1 1«Mr.CAamaeaMamsalthatMr Corwin hi* h. use by sickness, bat he doreement of th* proceeding* of the10 8 u 10 ~"_ _. —— -Resolved, Thatwedeeplysympathise withwho have been driven, some from their nativeothers from the Stole* of their adoption, aad are now exlied from their home* oa account of their optatocs, aadwe bold the democratic party responsible for the grossviolations of that cause of the eonatitutton which declare*that en sens of each State shall be entitled to all the privi-lege* aad InimnaatW* of csuxens of the several States. tenderer to dwindle tato a obrtii aad unpleasant sound, eoagrsi nesting Adopted.—•lorcrie* for Corwia.)*8 —1 s _ —~" —184m 1 _ _1$1 0 1—1 -aadMr. Lucx, of ndiana, took the floor, and made sa elo quent speech in favor of the whole ticket aad pledged Indiana for 10,000 majority, sad hi* honor for the re. demotion of tbe pledge.Loud cries were here mads for Greeley, whiifc were met by applause and hates.Mr. GOODRICH, of Miaaaaota, announced that a triom phalprocession would parade the atreeta tonight aad marchtotheWigwam,whereagrandratificationmeat tag would be held. (Load cheers)Mr. GOODRICH moved a vote of thanks to the ladies aad gentlemenofChicagofortheliberalitydisplayediabuild a g and decorating the Wigwam. Carried unanimously.The Convention accepted the invitations of the Bock aland aad Chicago aad Galena "»<i««^f torides on their road*.date betore thai Conven tion for the nomination of Prea- of the cannon soon mingled itself with the cheers of the the States and Territories, whereby hi the future he said —people, aad the asms moment a man appeared in the hali Uie wane* sad preferences of the elector* to the I have always hated alavery, I think, m much m m y— _ 18* »»• 6 25 ux iha mouth and a general malformation of countenance en comicaiiy awkward that it never fails to brteg down the house " Hia enunciation to alow sad emphatic and his voice, though sharp aad powerful, at timea am a frequentthat he win Ltaoota>*Cawthmgare crowded to night with fraud* a hte aoaalsstina. He had no ex- it, an1 wa* aarprtoad when it wasl i e republican* of thi* city and the tr* full of •atbaataam svsr the repeatedly said to day that Uieas the stroasm* th* repubL A republican ratifloattoa will boMmaactinali*oBB 234 354Ibe actton af ths Convention.The republicam of the city are no w more mamiltoil Inthe nomination aad unite in hearty approval of tt They eon* der that while Lincoln may not be a* strasg in toe Sate as Seward he will be leas shjaolfcaabls throughou theUaton.Since the imepttoe of the new* of ths mcMSSful laying of ths Atlantic cable BO more aaamasad same hm svsrEtoaumt speeches, endorsing the nominees, warsmade by Carl Sohura, T. P. Btair, of Mhwsuri, aad Mr. cumsunces. His paiernal grandfather, Abram DnIt to proposed tc nave a graad ratiucattan uenll Hall on Monday nightGosaosD, W. H.May 18, I860. TherspubliesmoftttodtyracorredMr. Ltassta s uA mlote of a m draggamwmarm,amismarmhghtodthtoevaatog,he.Browning, of Dlinoi*, all of which breathed a spirit of confidence and enthusiasm.coin, emigrated from Rockingham county, Virginia, toKentucky aboat 1781-82, where, a year or two later, hewm killed by Indan* His maaatom, who wars rmpoctablemembenoftheSocietyofFriends,wenttoVirgtota mthecandidate*forPresidentsadVicePimkaastafths from Berks ooaaty, Pennsylvania D—eiandaate from United State*. Four or five hundred ware probablyAttheclose,threeheartycheerswere giventarNsw the apatanm at the different announcement* York, and th* nomination of Mr. linooln wm made anani-till five o'clock.The Convention reassembled at five o clock.the earns lineage stffl iaaato to tbe eastern part of Penn ayrraBta.Abram Lincoln, the snhject of this memoir, further re moved from Kentucky to Spencer county, ia Indiana, ui 1816.A salute of oae hm " aiArraouroON SBBMON.the piatibrm by PennMr. Lincoln receivedremoved to Illinois, sad psaasd the flrst year in county, engaged to agricultural pursuit*. B e neito New Salem, at that time ufSagamon county, now Che aard ooaaty, where he remained about m a yam m a stork to s More. Aboat this thaw the Florida or Stack Bask war broke out, aad on the call from the federal gotar volunteer* a company wm raised hi Nsw an\ Lincoln was elected captain. HeservedMr. ASBXST, of Ohio, moved the following —That the Republican National Committee appotaaad by thtt Convention be, aad they are hereby, instructed tomen on the roof of the "building, who immedately madeleave to offer the name of WilBam H Seward at a candl he outside molfltude aware of the result. The flrst roar prescribe uniform rules that shall operated equally la all In mother speech at Chicago, on the 16th of July. 1868, prevail* a the city The atreete are ahve with *ofracansWM. M ETABTS, of Now York, rooe and mid:—I begtoe tar the ensuing four years—Penn*yivaua filled:—Jfssm CJGuTatan. Aetc Hawpaters tJ G. Fermsat-L Bramsrd.JfotoocAusea*—J. Z. Goodrich. Bteris/riaaid Thm G. TurnerCbMMotaat—Gtoeaat Welte.1 jr«*> Fart—Edwto J) Morgan. gtw Jeney—DowaingDuer. Maramed l*m*a T Delaware—S B. tanr»ro«»w-Alfred Caldwell. ATista.j j - C M. C**yJH»kitt —N. B Jusd. IVxa*—P.Henderson. WitamtmCarlSehura. Iowa—A. J. St*ram CuitfctM*- a w. Jfiaatste* Joha ateCuack. Orepia— W a Johmoa. A'snMu—Wm. A Phillips. tfebmka—OH.IrwhL>utru.t9/Cotasaoto>-J.Gerdardt• ***yasj Stote atreet aad Broadway.a limitededucation.Ia 1880 hoOa his return to Illtaote to •a for the Bate Lsgkdataro. anrsive Be employs butlittle gestieuatton.butwarn desire* to auke a petal, prianiia a shrug of bte shoulders, an elevation of hie eyebrows, a Bap* —too elMr. Lincoln to tbe author of the bamSeward formed hia "lrrwpiaaslole conn cfwill be awn from the acjcined extracts from hiespeeches Lincoln's '• trraprsatlbte conflict" sentiments were uttered to a speech r elivered at Springfield. Bttaato, Jane IT, 1858, aad Seward's apeechon the ***** topic a October, 1868 Mr. Linooln, in hi* speech at 8pringleld Illinois, on the 17th of June, 1868, said -lamyopinionitwillnotearn* (theslaveryagta Uon—Ed )-until a crteto abail havesad passed. "A boom dividednot sand" I believe darepermanently,halfstovesadhalffree. Ido not expect the Union to be dtoaolvad—I do not expect the beam to Call, but I do expect it will cease to be divided. It will become all one thing, or all th* other. Banter the opponents of alavery will arrest the further spread of it, aad place it where the public mind shall rest ia the belief that It a m the course of ultimate extinction or i a advo cates will push it forward, till it shall become abas) lawful in all the States old m well m nsw—North m well mAIBAST, May 18—11 P. M. Ike republican* here asem determined te keep up theof John Fairfield. He wm year* July 86. 1861, and of Maine January 7, 1867, resigning hte aoat to the Senate aad being in«ugu"BtodGovernortbesameday. Oa thssixteenth of thesamemonth ho w m reelected United gates Senator tor sixreelected electedfor six GovernorTHENOMINATIONWAY THECEITED IN NEW YOBK.W ASBEHOW THE NOMINATIONS WEBE BECETVED m OTHXE PLACES.Dwrsorr, May 18, 1800. A salute of 100 gnss was fired here thtobonfire* and Illumination* ware the ordor of I in honor of the anmtoattoa of Liacoln aad :BrrrALO, May 18,1880. Asalutewmfir*dhemthtoafternoonansa the receipt of the news of the aom instion 0' Lmcoln and Hamlin Noother evidences of mad enthusaam, however, fested,•aylSweMtamat.They hare jast had ato the Nsw York fromtheCoavmtioa. Adawhite< Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 