 BEYOLOnOI AT TBE SOimLARMING IN VIRGINIA. thereealtof which eoaviacei man? or hta friends of theejection efJLtamota tejhe^n"^jrJLMredTOtb7blooiof contondl,*free- leges,bandeddowntothem bytheir fathers, hasbeenof black republlcaatam* These are -— »»UM«w^w/ aanrgy ana iBOaxBl to vjCUsrvn«j wheabapstasanesaddaanaSaartataiM ..~r, —•J.,!* **. • P*»>bU*y at saving this Uatoa sad falivwntffhiM tit*—.MiiL.— L ^ ,*>•«•,oaaThedialstoComeBeforetheInaugu- ration of Presidentthe large black republican gains in Peoosytveaia. It is tL nffi*.andadmlntater tbe government at the South? tot the Union only ao long aa tt shall preserve their liber-generallybelievedherethatDouglaswiUnotgetasingle Tak^ro? taSaac-, theportsofNorfolk,CaajrlaatoB,Mo- ties-whenitceasestodothis,andbecomesanengineofTheIttiUdeofSouthCanlinandGiergla,ofVirginia. _ _ _ShouldthefriendsorthenobleBreckinridgeaadtheTHE CASUS BELLI 0•^^^•^h^jxtf,'7IRGIHIA.i h a e l e c t i o n a i a I ' s o n s y I v a n l a . O h i o a a d I n d i a n a I t w e r ea mark of taiooerity to daay that tbe ladlsattoas are tbTgowrnmen?, would Lincoln invoke the issue and send J*7ing blow to the l-rpataity .of tbta UniosavthanT h e i d e a t h a t d i v i d i n g t h e S o u t h b e t w e e n B r e c k i n r i d g eand BeU will contribute to preserve the Union, oould only • 00*0triad rstlKQ. fxUaeverBmOLQBl^ ^Ba9as WBaBsnvc f^TssWasawa IsaTaaVnearlyarrivedwhenitwillbehoovetheSouthtostand HowtheCottonStatesaretoBetirmandunited,andeithermakeonelastefljrt tomainsubject tbem to under tin. administration.thetuttonal Union; but whenever the evidence Is clearly pre^Ik*frtaelsofBreckinridgerbleh no silly sar ofrrom asking tsVJmselvea, andability to carry the State eg*"»*tBeii end Douglas. Tbelatter is evidently atftrapidrale,especiallysincetbePennsylvaniathaOtdeamen Throwing OtttOf are thousandstea the fast that there taken possession of by tbe enemies of the constitutionmr tbeta destruction, we much mistake thetr charac-of Beam In every terIftheydonotcalmlyandboldlywithdrawthepowers theiranswerswilldecidethe State, inour opiaioa,forOwr Maryland C»xtwdpomdctacc.mii.t of the Revelation,asittainthemostsensitivepansotAlabama,Georgia Ooneraer lacker Determined to Aiken to hit PoUoy ef to present a breakwater sufficiently strong to arrest or Louisiana; aad whatever fortune, be it for weal or torBenttancetofederalAggreniom—lheGreatCristato andhurlbacktheadvaasingsurgesofblack woe,tbefuturemayreserveinstorefortheSouth,Mary-NEW YORK HERALD.v.TUESDAY, OCTOBER 2 3 1860.-TRIPLBM tbeNorthandtbe wouldapflltheirlastdropofbitodladefameofaSglSBT.States,bywttbdrawtag ihoUnion,haveleft !^»^wasnaFanv1a* theUnton,weoaght.a Ueonaervative end imper•growls of;^SoavbJhtbaT'f^£Le* .savanta"mere"lia»h^"thwTwiU divide"friendless and helpless in •atoek totaaba«trad«straeuea. While the eauie to^LZ -T, seated to tbem that the Union of equal righto aad privi- em/» • aray to the malice aada BUOttln axreot a m n M M 0 * Mm^l ih ii i nfc • AA . ^ ^"a wprospecto of Liaeota's election a s w a n foreshadowed b y nportent a Mhttet without endeavoring to make party are capitaloutofit Ourcotemporarysaysi-two errors now prevalent in the ooustrr vSi. remustbeaeeabeforesaynattycanbesscarnd""man whose known fidelity to the South gives a guaranteethat ha will aot at least mar by any extra official act of waa right when he declared that while the most despond- the threats of insolence, the jeers of levity and laughter of Virginia, and from the fact now patent to the world thatroundedspeculation. Ihave seen correspondencesfrom high aad inUuential aanrasa referring to this subject, aad tbe feasibility witb which the details of future opera- tions ore set forth in these cimpendences would eon vinos any oaa bat a black republican that a terrible crista ta inevitable. Thousands who are BOW lncredu loue as to the true purposes of the Southern people, and who will, doubtless, v»te for "Old Abe," will y e t curse tbe day that be shall have entered the Halle House, nay,derance inclined to tbe North. Thateventbaavirtuallytakenplace,andtotbeavowedinominated. It will be a sad event, not for tbeSooth,fartheopiniontanowvarygenerallyheld, andta fast gaming ground, that she would be far more prosperous, more independent and happy oat of than ia the Union. The very necessity of her condition of estrangement from t h e manufacturing North would impal her to add a manufacturing phase to bar already Innumerable sources o f wealth. Thousands whosawanimated by an honest seal for tbe welfare otbrave and free.easy virtue of Southern men, corrupted by patronage aad plunder, have been able to build a party of allies to black republicanismattheSouth,andknowingthatthesefacts are patent to the people ot Virginia, we said, "we be- lieve that a large majority of the people of Virginia, if the opportunity of a State Convention was allowed them, would vote for immediate reststanoe a n d for a common destiny with t h e Southern States, a a d with this belief wewould advise the slave Stated notto hesitate to strike an early blow from fear that Virginia may hesitate la her duty to the South."SucharethereasonsforthefaiththattaInas,andif auchbe"treason,makethemostoftt"Fromall Which tbe Whig M differs tn toto," and says:—tbe Health; aad 1 know tbe same motive would operate witb tbta ctaas in behUf of a continuance at the Union, were they convinced that tt would hatter inure to the benefit ot the Santa.resumes her independence among the nations of the earth. It occurs to me that the action o f Sou th Carolina, while It would be agreeable to the people of Georgia to have bar co operation, will not Influence her people, If she has de- termined to secede, or control them if she has not reached thatpoint.We differ in toto from the opinion expressed by theEnquirer ia the foregoing extract. We do not believethat Virginia ta the slave of the Guir States, or canbemade fan slave of those States, under any circumstances. stitutional rights: that the fear of disunion baa sub- that defeat. We bad better unite oa any maa than be di-tbefancyDalgettystatesmenwfcohavesucceededhim,unionparty,byItadisastrouscourseofpolicyanditsbis t b e proper vindication o f t b e legitimate rights o f fools, tbefact baabeen held up by the Mercury to every man the spirit of the <• irrepressible coaniet" Mill directa and sovereign Beaten By the time Lincoln shall bare as- it g could find no just reason for giving np the hope at in th* Sontb who chose to sea it. Let him ia Carolina controls'public sentiment at the Nortb, as evidenced byment ao entirely a t variance witb the idea of force as thai republic• I t tt the doty of every patriot to do aU in hta power te prevent the necessity of a secamion, and the more sosumed the reiaa of government, the work wdl have beendona Every plan aad every arrangement for future in-dependence, orJen some say, fbr a great Southern con-federacy, including Mexico, will have been perfected:and tt will lake a power far greater than Lincoln win the moment that balance was disturbed and the prepon- have at command to undo tbem. This is no vague, un-should certainly be prevented from committing a greaterBad more deplorable evil. We woold not if we could de-pict the consequences of so dire a calamity as a dissolu-tion of tbe Unton, which would perhaps follow the elselion or a black repnbllan sa President. We bave no dis- since no power can ever recover a —"^'nr; State. Tata ginia. Believing ; that a large majority or tbe position to alarm tbe people with stories of horror. But Uatoa once destroyed—even broken—can never be re-perpetuating t h e Union, while ever power was held in a state of equipoise between tbe North and South, the most aangutne would be constrained to abate much of hta hopewho would plead ignorance of tbe condition of hta ooua- tbe bite elections. Our reason for the opinion that arapidly upon oa; and sneers, and jeers, and laagfater, are alike crushed dumb in presence of the dread reality. Emancipation or revolution i s n o w upon us. With t h e postwearedene. Wehavedone ourdutytothat part,diapositioa of tbe North to cripple the industry of the aad we BOWtarn from tt with disgust. Sickening over South, and circumscribe within tbe narrowest bounds pos- ita record of faithless outrage, vulgar insolence, graspingavarice and fanaticism on tbe one hand; on the other, un-manly weakness, dreads, doubts, indecision, imbecility--weturnfrom11wttuafeelingofrelief Totbefuturealone—that future about to give birth to a destiny forfatal change, involved in tbe support of John Bell, when such support divides tbe people of Vir-sible all bar means and opportunities of expansion, by re-stricting tbe area of slavery within Its present limits,there ta sow, or at no very distant dale surely will be,superadded tbe legislative and executive power to accom-plish all it desires. Could not the occurrence ot thatevent at ao early a period have been prevented by the ex-ercise of a moderate amount of Judicious statesmanship ?Most undoubtedly tt could. Had the Sontb stood oa Itsguardaadactedwithreasonableforecast,and,insteadofQuixotttshly wasting its energies in tbe vain attempt toforce slavery into a Territory or Territories from whichtbe rigor or climate and other co operating and control!ing laws of nature most necessarily exclude it as a prac-tical and remunerative investment, quietly, but never- received. From ail I can learn, I think Georgia will sever theless perstttently and vigorously, directed Its at- her connection with this Union in the event of Lincoln* the South, and who deplore this want In her Internal de tention and efforts to pushing on tbe rapid settlement election. At thesame timett ta due to candor and truth vetopssaeat, would rejetos t o s e e a conflict precipitated of Texas, sad its division and erection aa spaedlly togiveit,aamyopinion,thatthere willbaalargeparty whichwouldresultladtaunton.andlatatstheyare aapracticable,undertbeprovisionsoftheComtntbeStatewhowillopposeanyactionuponsuchaconactuatedbysopoliticalmotive.Thebeautotthisdesire prom-se measuresof18M,intofour separate tlageney.Ifshedocknotsecede,Icannotunderstand is far above any mere political consideration. It compro- and sovereign Sates, which would give the South six ad- whatotheractionshewilltake,unlessittatosubmit It beada ohtoly, If net eatery, the material advancement of ditional Senators, the South might hare armat itself strikes me that whatever propositions Georgia will baaswith a check ia one branch of Congress which wouldin to make to her sister Southern States, will be after abafused with the spirit that impelled John Brown; that Lin- coln's election will encourage that spirit to open acts ot aggression; that the "overt act" will only be delayed, un- til the power to compel obedience and submission baanotelectItsowncandidate,itwould evidentlyrejoiceat the election of Lincoln, that It might have a pretextfor a disruption o f t b e confederacy, i n our humble opinion, the only hope or defeating Lincoln ta through the ground swell now making in behalf or Bell. Heta tbe strongest candidate la tbe field againat Lincoln, and every vote cast for Breckinridge or Douglas is throwing something againathimtostrengthenLincoln. Thinkofthis.How tbeCottoa States aretobe Precipi- tated Into a Revolution.[from the Richmond Enquirer, October 90.]"Precipitate the cotton States late revolution'' aad•ho honestly believe the government barbecomeop- pressive. There can he ao treason to a violated, de- bauched constitution, else our fatbars were all traitors. It ta better to be adjudged a traitor ta behalf of oar eoaa- try than landed ata patriotagainst it When a man feeis thus it wUl be useless lo reason with btm about tbe virtus of power sad tbe ignominy of tbe gallows. He s e a neither. Htavisioncantaketanovirtuebatthatof right, and ao ignominy but submission to wrong. Mm who differ so widely as the two classes I have men- tioned cannever convince each other. Both being wrong, discussions will bat drive them farther man- dsr. Angry strifes and divtttomi must be the sure results.Let us cease aU this wrangling as to what oughtto besoma degree compensate for the loss It had sustained, aadwaa likely still t o sustain, through t h e annihilation o fthat equilibrium batsmen t h e sections which b a a beenand can be the oxpy safeguard and guarantee of the coa-tinaaase of the Sontb la the Union. In place, however,ofadoptingthatcoarse,whichwastinonlyonethatround policy and all the instincts of self preservation in-to it under laaalt and aggresslm. The bond ta fast eor dicated as proper and expedient, tbe South, foliowing in- Uaioa the people of Georgia will defend ber In tbe exer-tbe Virginia voters; that Uatoattm h a s supplanted con- thing ta again certain: our divisions can never axompltaaWith such a feeling now generally entertained in t h e most see that the South does aot place »< Sontb,youiupontbeUnionasthe peopleoftbeNorthorned tbe manly courage of our people; that to purehaae peaceVirginiawillaellouthernegroes,rigtatstandliberty. ItwiUindeed"firetheSouthernheart"withdeepindigna- tion to learn that tbe voters of Virginia bad thrown awayWhileIwillsuggestwhatIthinklabeet,Iampreparedmuch value isuppose eortainiy no> so much sa to cause her to adhereMy opinion ta, that if South Carolina secedes from Urnv^!L !!!!!?^*'. l * ^rwesuaed, will follow 1 lUable tb m l d ^ ^ n J ^ S . * r m * * * » «**fflS««cr With ta agricultural and tbe North manufacturing. Ia it the aolvtog tbe Union If the hark republicans are successful LteEXf'i^J??!! Pwillbeproperlyconstrued attheNorthaaanovertureto blackrepublicanism,andbytheSouthaaashameful trucklingtoNorthernfanaticism,andbytheworldasanexplanation—an explanation which demandr. further agi- tation. Again, whether Mr.Breckinridge, ioa.s opinions sad rtatferm, ta sectioaal or not,yet*» « » * ot 8t Domingo. and^J«n!ri«»T«r^-.C*>*•*»»ofherstaterStates equalityofiaxatlon? TheSouthneedsatowtariff,and Theyhavemadetbeissue,thatittathetostbattlewith J?6,^ .^*2haTla5ai»>lvedtheirconnectionwith anarescuetbemtramthefanesoftheirSMAMIomm theNorthdemandsahightariff. Iaittheconstantin- Slavery,andtbeelectionofLincolniathedownfallof thefederalUnion,would,aaforeignnations,preventthe«leetlon of which they base delegaterr to the general government, " resistance and a common deainy with the Southern f J U ^ - J ^ a (sense of dissolution" of the Union, how is and defend their sovereignty and independence, tf aeedutter impolicy of wetting voles upon hia witb such haTJthSoratfiKSF?^ofh*•Warn f ha, to the teat extremity. The people of the South are We regret our contemporary could not examine ao im firstpotst oat,to all ktadsas, whatta a y honest eataZStateintheUnion.BeiaMdeedMJuiioeC-snr.andb£NewoVtoanTendGalveston.WouldanySouthernoppression,theywillsecedefromtt,aadtooktootherInconclusion,weInvoketheBartonsattentionofthsManyofourpeopletotheirearnesttoMrhattea-be assured tbe South will abed no team of aorrow for bis S S f o a a a T a e c e ^ appointment la theJJaatom BouaeliErtth^ I «•*»" « * —"££aalrgaards lor the maintenance of their rignta Tne sooner the Northern people find tbta out the better fbr all concerned. BattheunmanlytimeserversattbeSouth seem determined to blind the people at the North, aawed as at the South, to the true state of things, Such men are either too reckless, too ignorant or too cowardly to coun- sel a brave end-honorable people, and should aot receive anycountenanceorsupportfromtruemenpeople of Virginia to the pregnant extract which wa have copied from the editorialtatMonday'a JEaoutrer. Let tbem allbeadmonishedintame,thatthssiagioaadonlyissue la the present canvass ii the issue of Union or dttuuioo. And l a than remember, atto, that if Breckinridge should carry the State, and Lincoln should be elected, immediate disunion will be upon them with all Ita terrors and hor rert,IftheBreckinridgtleaderstaVirginia caujomiblybring it about. Even tf Wacom ehoold aot be •toctod. lttaoverwhelmingly important that Virginia should cast hertmicall Southern rights, are declaring that the alantiaTi Lincoln ought to be restated aad shall be namaTvZ^ bengoppose*,aadthusbecomingexcited bywluttaZ' deem Infidelity to our aectioa, suffer themselves tiTal driven Into sectional appeals and very extreme nuettuJ? Thus feelings are engendered ta their besoms nm r . 3 . hostile to Lincoln, but bosttle to the Union a a d t a « r f l l thustodontodebate itaprobabledissolutionsadTth! benefits of a Southern confederacy. The raanii of all this is the same that occurs in aJaestkuStttothepresentexasperatedstateoffeeltaf noBueh row(Saturday)night Hisspeech islookedforwardto WsooeonldbefoundwithtemerityetwugbtoIBCUTthea rather weak production. He seems very sealoui in this What Maryland and the Other ipatae; hut tt moat he resaembBreil that his eeattavtbe rSenator Jamra M Mason wiU speak in this city to mor-with some intereat, though 1imagine it will prove to bertakof running aueh a tilt againat public opinion, a u d i t rr^"era7beVorgcttea«iat, if it is Iran that^ravela- lions descend from the scaffold, it la equally trae that theLalilaedkSj»tale*Secat*' jeopar*d*y,aonediiHit rerofpublicopiniontasuchthatIthoidagovernmentaBolder States Will Do, should look to bis interests tat that connection ia time. His expntaton. however, seems to he a foreg^e conclu- sion for if popular senilissal h e any criterion to j««ge hy, Gove'rn#r Letcherta)destined to supplant him in that varyhighoffice. Oldfogytom ladyingoutevenInIiuimppi and Alabama.check aa welfaa men, aad that there are but few in-deed none, who would not take mnch mora * » * " • • »aubmtt to many more sacrifices to avoid its deadly fir»waauthan to gain Its gilded avow. It is not to ba P « a m * *thatunderanyclrcamataaoaaLlncoUwoull l^Te^"'portsunprovidedTor;andirhecan.^re\outno^oaa patrioticLanebedefeatedintheSouth,repreaentinfaa I T the south willing t o accept tbem, the ofilotatsi moatcome rrom tbe North. Ia It to * ^itn4 tbatthe.equality, tt will be deemed by the abolitionism of the Cmnsxtan,Md,Ojt13,1330. SouthwouldapplyU»aaptoitaownbreastandBuffera NorthaaaaindicationthatherpeoplearewillingtoMb-rTTkexIferyiand W&Dointhe Oritis-The Border Stsitt Sncotoitoprojiiaadtt*dfhtackrepubiica.tam^oooupy mlttoanyoutrage, nowmatter bos;grievous orbur such a poalttoaTwhea tt would aot alioar one of Uf own iSttorne, whichtofty may choose to Inflict upon them. The Plan In Geoi-^a for Wm S'tmd fry the South in the Btvolutior.try Strug sons to do so? Not while itta recorded that it was •»»- Such an event would strengthen their assertions that theand disunion. But should Virginia unfortunately vote for perfectly consistent, aad coming, imperceptibly to than- Breckinridge, took out for disunion, revolution and civil selves, to the ©occlusion that these two ihinxe are incon-Dissolving-tbeUnion.gte,dk. sarlts insidiously introduced by a neighboring State who tasttgated tbe helots to a revolt which shook the republic ftwcamheaxecsdiaglydtfflault to ftrayonaaadn- ofAthenstoitalowestfoundations,andInvolvedallUnion tt in r e danger from their aggression, and that tbe South will always threaten, but never put bar threati Into execution. Werepeat(whatwehavesooftenproclaimedwar in sixtv days thereafter—for such tt the programme of the reckless Breckinridge leaders at the present writ- ing. PeopleofVirginia,doyouactperceivethatyour righto, your interests, yoor very safety call upon you to save the 8Ute from Breckinridge, and carry tt for Bell endEverett?sistent, they are ta the habit of speaking very disrespect, folly of tbe Union, aad of all who magnify it. and thus theyregardeverymanasunaoundwhodoernotvoteas they do.Thusttttweoften hearmenwho aretbslims barn,• ' . T — . I i L j . P t — - - — a — i — — - f c - n ' r i n n a • » • • aw B L . i n * . . . . * asBquate idea of the excitemeat aad apprehension aroused Greece In an internecine and fratricidal war. And If the aa our conclusion) that greater aid aad comforthere abase the announcement of the unexpected resultofSouth woold not submit, as assuredly it would net, to havesuchan aaaawdaaa inimperioplantedtnita midst, e v e n o a t h e p l e a o f e x e c u t i n g t h e l a w a a d a d m i n i s t e r i n gwill be given to Seward aad hia agitators by the hap pening of the contingency spoken of—a jaore stag-growing both numerous aad clear that the time baa. « 2 . .„,< «»m„ tn indni't hi* anDotntees into office and a fleet and army t o induct hta appointees into office a n dthen protect them in it? Ah! then would be the rehearsal of agrandtragedy,aadtbeworldwouldringfor ageswiththestrugglesof,ifnotanotherAntlum,atanvy other event that could tranipire. As sureiyeas tne thermometer rises and falls with tbechanges of tempera- ure,sosurelybaatbeabolitionaggressionadvancedorreeeededasitwaayieldedtoorresIsted.Itwouldbamadness toimaginethat aggression wouldcease uponthedefeat of the friends of tbe South; tor, an John Randolph trulyis are slavery—whose every hope is idealised with have resulted frim that jaundiced view wbicb party he South, roundly denounced as unaound, as freeenltara:pastlon always takes. Will not black republteaalsm be and often by men whore antecedents sad ponttaa araaid encouragedtohastenthe"overtact,"whenadivided showevenaternInteresttatheSouthaadit*destiny. <•Southa?temptinglyinvitestoItsaeryaadspeedycoa Barely,surely,amodeofthinkingaadspeakingwhich auestrWiUnotthsbmcxrepublicansbelievethattheman endsteBuehabsurditiesmusthewrong.who now advocate a delay Tfor the "overt act," will b e These same men, looking to a probable eeceuioe oftaialtdwalldefined right*undertheooustUulionInthe least another Pharsalia; and If the modern Precipitated. O s a r of black republicanism d id not bite the dust andUnion,orelsetoImitatethegloriousexampleofSparta, findabloodygrave,itwouldbebecausetberecollections aad, with drums beating aad banners flying, deliberately or Marion bad been forgotten ia the South, and the me-said,"Fanaticismbaanostoppingplaceshortofheaven the verv menwho,whbena the"overt act"comes, tomeoftheStates,anddesiringtoavoidtheaaetomertM Rfsirdfd Belli u the Canie lid the Pre- march out of tbe canfedersey, and, trusting to Hod, leavethe consequences to be decided oa sone other field than of tbe patriot. An_ _ ,against resistance to the first "overt act" thatthay noradvance sralast immediate resistance5 Bat ehocld the Thus we are accustomed to hear long, exciting, threaten-tbe halls of Congress And this, yon m ay depend upon it, is the deeply settled and almost unanimous con v iction of the people o f the South. Those who assert t h e con-auch ardent advocates b e defeated, t b e embankment FtrytataRapidlyArmingBate/ farthedomingCrisis- weiissaaahsgmassesoftheNorthconservatismenough pro-Southernsentimenttaeverybitastouchyandstrong whichalonecanstaytbewatersofthisfloodoffanati-front, will not black republicanism recoil at such evi- aa absurdity. Constitutional aecrsstoal WUl any maaOar Btcbxuoad Correspondence. Bicanoso, Va, Oct 19,1840.cause which linds in the friends of Breckinridge aad Laneservation or the Union. The united vote of the South for ticnlato. All those who do aot subscribe to suja UtogicM Breckinridge would b e a n argument witb t h e cotton statesmanship a r e hastily denounced as untrue and a sStatuetodelayaction;theywouldseeInsuchunitedvote submtssiontsts,althoughtheymightaotdifferastoa agreatmoralaswellasphysicalpowerfortheirprotec- rightofrestatoaoetothegrievancescomplain*iofwhanthose grievances besome taevitable. Anotherclass,Isubmit,withaUdaereapast,areiaCease wtte** Mr. Buck-**'* tknu—PotUtom ef the republtsanismf-anl defeat Lincoln, and thus effectually Whigtof Vxrtfima—HemtheOldDominionrcOlbeForced rebukeSeward,Greeley, Weed.aud theother politicalland will share in it. ^_^__— «Instrmctioaa nfthaPrcaent aad Paat. [From tbe Charleston Mercury, Oct. 1 7 ](t is bigh time for all thinking men of the South to pause in the ardent pursuit of money, and direct thetr attention to the future of their country, in which not only rights, liberties and honor a r e Involved, b u t thelg very peace and safety, aad the value of the property which they possess for themselves and their children. Tbe periodta past when, in a selfish and abort sighted devotion to pecuniary gains, taey could altrd to neglect the great matter between the sections. The time of de- liverance can no longer be postponed, In order that m e nerror, and are doing serious damage in tbta canvwde the (ba/rtat—The lYeutors to be Bamithed Breckin- ridgetoCarrytbeStair—SenatorJamesM.Mason onthemump, dtc ,ttcIbefrequentapplicationsforarmstotbeAdjatantGene ral of ih la State foreshadow a crista in oar political annals, compared with wbicb the John Brown raid wasa mere ho-Incendiaries who are laboring ia the same vineyard w t h thiMn,an1doing ao much to precipitate a conflict and e 'ace the but vestige of brotherly feeling between the North aad South Bat the recent elections have forever dispelled that aa beat but clouded hope, and exposed to full view, in an tbe hiletus de'ormity of the unveiled Prophet of Khoraisen, the dread reality that In the North conservatism is comparatively powerless, while fanaticismimmediate alarm throughout the Southern States, trery consideration of safety would demand of those States the soeedv dissolution or a confederacy in wbich their ancient ally, Virginia, bad become a neutral in tbe war that ta waged againat tbem. -»indiscriminately to be traitors, and give notice ta advithat the election of no man ought to be restated who ta elected according to the forma of tbe conatltutKn. Which ta most to be respected—the forms of the constitution, or its spirit, purpose and meaning '•It a man were elected President according to the form, bat with t h e avowed intent to subvert the government and create a monarchy, would we submit to h a iaaugura- tion? Well, is not the avowed intent to administer lbs government to tbe detriment—to tbe dental of equality— to one section ta any particular, jam as much against the spirit aad meaning of the constitution: Waa aot theto the other alternative the ultima ratio raowa—as soon as the coercive policy of tbe black republicans hi attempt- ed to be enforced by tbe desecration o f Virginia soil.It seems to be generally understood bare that tbe cristacredulous confidence invariably placed br the too aarrila client in hta too powerful patron. The Sontb, reaping increased wisdom from the bitter disappointments o f t h e peat, h a s awakened to the momentous truth, that here-Now or Never.[From the Charleston Mercury, Oct 18 ]-Nmilled to tbe management of thetr own affairs and inlb*tachoice of officer.'selected to manage those of tbegovernment. They have not forgotten that crista, a a dthey win not fail to act with promptitude aad careful stitution, end which was exercised to forming it, watchfulness in future, especially while their rights are ia may b e exercised in i t s destruction, s a d continue danger through tbe recklessness of those whom desire for o exist after tt. t a e right to secede, then, ta a o t awhich tbe South would labor in any extreme resort, such asshe contemplates, with the army aad navy under tbe con-sively on herself, s a l the endeavor to make up in identityof intarsato, unanimity of counsel aad concerted action,tion of tbe United States of America," from Its original limited agency, baa gradually been drifting into a conso- lidated, centralized, irresponsible absolute, sovereignlarge minority may desire to postpone resistance for the 'overt act;' but hitched as she ta to tbe Southern States, ahe will ba dragged into a common destiny witb tbem, no matter what may be the desire of the peop e."cannotrate.Thetrussesoftbepeople,werejoicetobe- ndtoabandontt-andttthesameiabothcases,aeiag lieve, will move in tbe right way, and put down those founded in duty aad interest. I need aot add that, barLet i t not be supposed that this language becomes only tbe meridian of Abbeville, and Is not at all suited to the trary deceive the country and know but ltttle of the latitude of a border State like this. For, althongb the volcanic temper of those of whom they write. It was pro slavery proclivities of the people of this State may supposed that there yet remained among the solid and not be quite ao lively aa they are farther South, theirdence of determined resistance, and thus the "overt act" pretend th it snob an set is provided for in the coastiij be delayed, ir not abandoned? do that sound policy, tion, or that theframers orthe coastitutloa contemplatedlidayscene. SonuORionsandurgentarethoseappt!sat'.outthat tbe State is enable to furnish tbe necessary supplies,and tbe probability la that another large purchase or arms and hostility to the South and her institutions are in the may temporarily thrive. Tne danger ta Imminent, ta) and speedy triumph awaiting tbem, when the voices ormory of Brutusceased to nerve the arm and fire tbe hearttresequences of a wrong position, are la the habit of will question its sufficiency, and use the same arguments alkmg muoh about secession as a eoDStttctiotal right,Beyond tbta effect of black republicanism on the Union all is conjecture, upon which I do not now choose to enter.whole South in the approaching election present a solid ing speeches oa a question which ia its vary its tenant uThese will be still left them, to say nothing or the certain ascendant, and manifestly rising still higher and higher every point of view and to every interest. The mer- an aroused and awakened people shall blend with theirsfor John Bell invites it. Voting for Breckinridge, by common eqaaltty, the uniform protection of ail F Wnica uniting tbe South, may defeat Lincoln; but ir not. it will is the worse, to vtosate tbe meaning aad obasriabe regarded as the last act of a brave and determined the forms, or to observe the aeaniag sad peopleto preserve the constitution, and will be looked violate the forma of the constitution1 Tat,whsnpon by black republicanism as a warning to abandon would submit to the rale of a man, however good aad pa the "overt aot;"*while votingfor John Bell divides tbeSontb, encourages her enemies, Invites tbe 'overt act," tnotic, who should aeea to atexe the Presidency without demoralizes the South, precipitates disunion, and may the form prescribed for his election! if it ba concedesmeat be made at an early day to meet the requirementsof her Increasing military organizations There are plen-ty of old Baskets and other antique arms on band, batoar volunteers reject tbem as inefficient, especially In coa-trut with arms of modern invention. The John Brown nated in John Brownism so as toproduce a reaction in be- public opinion.* Shorn of their defensive strength, their raid has bad one good effect in Virginia. It aroused tbe half of the South. Their mission is yet undischarged. country will then become uninhabitable, themselves beg-on the wings of the popular breeze.chant* and planters city men and country men, cannot wait until slavery ta reduced to tbe malarial region or the cotton States, a n d , surrounded with a cordon o f fire,in tbe great rally cry of tbe South for equality or inde- pendenceIn t h e aggressions o f the North w a have a gloomy future. Those lines of Moore, applied to his native Erin, may soon serve as a picture to our destiny, shouldwe neglect at tbe proper time to vindicate our rights — But,alasforhiscountry,berpridetagoneby,and that heart ta broken which never would bend; O'er tbe ruin her children tn secret may aigh,The teachings of John Qaincy Adams have not culmi- their civilization, rights and interests parch beneath tbe concentrated blazes of an overwhelming and aggressiveThey have evidently been consecrated by time and ele- vated to tbe dignity of cardinal peats of faith in the black republican creed; and t b e little nucleus or aboli- tionists be gathered around him on tbe floer of the Housebaa assumed tbe formidable dimensions of a gigantic sectional party, overshadowing t b e entire North, a n d conceded to be certain to get into its hands tbe reins of tbe federal government aad the control of tbe destiaiee of tbe nation. What was at first foolishly regarded as con- temptible and long despised by Southern statesmen as an annoying out harmless spirit of agitation, characteristicgars and fugittves.It takes no prophet to foretell the rise of anxiety and despair under a passive policy of subrh tsston. Panic of a hopeless, downward kind will seize upon people, aad men or money, witb their boasted gains, must go down, never to rise again, to a declining aad doomed country. Negroes, lands, bouses, rots, stocks and bonds mast all depreciateand become valueless; for on our social basis rest ail va- lues, and v. ht-n that ta sapped and shaken property of every description (toes with It.Itta btgb time for the thinking men of tbe South to realize the events aa they "happen, and to gain future wladom from the record o f t h e past That paat teachaa the folly of our hitherto windy aad vacillating attempts at resistance—the vanity or such defence aa ta found ia Conproduce civil war.Hard Timet-Food for sOrloaa Reflection. [rrom the Richmond Whig, Ort. 80.]The Selma Betmter truly says that " t h e complaint of hard times comes from every portion of the South.that to exclude the South from the common enjoyment or tbe Territories tt contrary to the true meaning of t h e oinstitution, Uta difficult to perceive how tt would be wrong to prevent one from seixisg the government who avowa that exclusion to be hta purpose. The right tt u a - questionable, and ought not to be denied. The expedi-military spirit o f the Stale, aad led to tbe organization of volunteer omapanles, and Ihetr efficient training just In time to snake their s s r v l a s available for any crisis that may oosaetatthe future With tbesubsidence ot tbe exci le- nient consequent upon John Brown's Invasion, the milita- ry ardor ot Virginia suffered a temporary abatement. buttas pfoapoct of Lincoln's election to again reanimating it to a pitch of enthusiasm tar above what it attained at that memorable epoch.It to estimated that b y tbe time there shall be need for their em i toes say about December or January next—not leas Iban from two to three hundred thousand men will be fully erased aad equipped, ready for nay emergency. l a addition to this, we shall, no doabt, bare a large auxilia- ry three from other Southern States to meet the enemy, should they attempt to enforce Douglas' coercive policy upon any seceding States.GOT.Letcherhi determinedto adhere tohis policyofresistance to federal aggression, should any snob b e a ttempted. He went into office pledged to maintain tbe so-vereignty of Virginia, and to preserve her soil sacredagainst the tread or a federal army ; and be will faithfulI y redeem that pledge, those w h o would presume uponhis forbearance will find themseires sadly mistaken Heis for peace, so long aa peace offers any hope of redress stone ot experience, resolved themselves into mere Sybarite, "meae ment Ukel upharsin.'' forSoutherngrievances;butbea-illnothesitatetoresort illusionsoftheimagination,oratmoat,tbeblindandFor ' lis treason to love ber, and death to defend! Unprized are ber sons till they've learned to betray,Undistinguished they live, if they shame n o t sires,theirof the restless, fermenting nature of the North, baa so gressional declamation, empty resolutions and pointless far become a standing subject of alarm and terror to the ordinances. It should recall what we have tost by people of one great portion of the Uaioa, that even those timidity, sentimentality and inaction; the millionsthem, for provisions are as abundant aad not higher us ta the killing of one who "manifestly intends" to com-who were fondly cherishing anticipations of the bes;, and not easily startled into a premature exhibition of fear, areaad tt requires hat tne sash, as heretofore, to obtain pro- perty: and tbe circumstances from which such intentionvisions In aby quantity, but tbe money ta not to be hai. is declared as manifest, are auch as Would "excite tae Why I- this Because tbe banks refuse to dl-count N o lean of a reasonable man." What principle would sagnow busy anxiously casting about in search ot some which have been yielded np in tbe "waicu-aaJ wait," the impending danger. Inferior tn numbers, and, of^ us with tbe thought that, like tbe thrrfUeaa sou of Isaac,course, proportionately inferior in federal representation,ment under which we have prospered aa a nation, and it would be unsafe, under existing circumstances, to ex- tend credits and increase s a unsettled business. T h e moat important Interests of oar people are in a deplo- rable condition, and a remedy must be applied soon, else they will be ta a condition far worse, never to be remedied.that oftenran into the other extreme ofdenyingtoeright to secede at all. Extremes not only meet each other, but one extreme begets another. The States felt the necessity of a common bond te secure aad promote their common Interest aad safety. To this end they formed the coasti- tutloa. It was their right to form it—a right not foaad in constitutions or governments, bat it was thetbe South bat heretofore reposed its reliance in tbe boast'ed generosity, good faith and magnanimity of the North.Bat that day h a s gone b y , nerer to return; and theseennoblmg qualities ascribed to the North, and silver, of brass, or iron, of wood and of stone,'' the finger believed to be real, have, under the touch- come forth with the announcement made to the ChaldeanTbe panic of 1357 set the people to thinking, for what right which forms all government, aad which touches men's pockets touches their heart-, and they rests on the immoveable fonadatlou of duty learnedale-*nofwisdomfromerrorstheyhadcom Interest. Whea that constitution, soforaad,tons fact that tbe government act up by them, and the looked for as a result of Lincoln's electron will be precipi after aba muss toy aside snob fragile reeds, and seek pro- compact entered into by them separately tn 1717 1788,tated within Mr. Buchanan's term. Tbe policy o f such acoarse to evident, tat view of the disadvantages under tection and safety in the determination to depend exclu- lT&y and 1780, under the stytoaad title ot the "Consilla-majority of her people, decide upon resistance, while a self-aggrandizement would toad them to ruin because they • onstttutional right. Il is tbe right inform a governmenttrol of the very man whose election constitutes the primerouree of the difficulty. She will not give tbe enemy what aba must inevitably lose, and the North gain, government, absorbing all the States Into itself, and merg-who have disregarded their interests aad dearest rights. If it is lair that a man who is guilty or destroying the property of another should be made answerable for it, ittog entered into a compact, oar doty requires us to ad- here to tt, so long as tbe other parties to that compact observe i t Bat tbe other parttoecannot violate it and re-susb an advantage. She will make the issue and pursue through tbe destruction of tbe equilibrium between the ing all powers In its supreme authority. Step by stepit to tbe bitter end while there is still toft in power a sections. The immortal Calhoun, who saw farther thanOur rasaons for the opinion that Virginia by a majorityof her people would decide tor resistance wai founded to is but just that a set ot men or party guilty of injuring require ua to observe it—we may or may aot, as we the almost unanimous voice of the Slate, at tbe time of the pecuniary interests or well being of the community pleaae. Ail its obligation- are equal aad mutualof money paid to Northern monopolists; the noble army of political martyrs, sacrificed at the North for tbe want of practical Southern support; tbe magnificent empires of domain bought b y Southern gold a n d Southern blood,priced than then. The Western States are sending to mit a felony on our persons, o-r habitations, on our pro- our markets their increased surplus of grain and produce,try, lay not hta folly at our door;"they have ears to hear, large minority of the State would wait for tbe " overt let tbem hear'' Events, long foretold, are rushing act," resulted from that singular, unaccountable andus—tearful to contemplate, should we fall in tbe duties offreemen—glorious should we reap the reward! or the bean fully aad securely gotten possession of, until tbeWhat Georgia WillDo.The Charleston Mersury publishes the folio wing letter —Tour letter or the 29th nit., proposing to ma certain ta quiriee relative to the probable action of the people of Georgia, tn tbe event of tbe election of Lincoln, has beenrodlag.Itisalreadyreducedtoaveryattenuatedstand competentandunworthyleaders,allowedItselftobeledciseofthatrighttothelamextremity.IfSouthCarolinaGulfStatestodecideforherthecoursesheSouthernStates,mthehouroftbemoatimminentperilatonce.Nowtodeterminewhichtwo—totasreasoaaard. aad needs bat the weight of •'Honest Abe" to snap snapoff by useless discussions, adroitly sprung upon it, from the steady levelopement and discipline of Its own strength against the day of trial, whlie tbe subtle and wary North was all the while employing t h e golden oppwtuotty In Industriously carrying oat that vary policy with the iden- tical thunder It had stolen from the South, and the conse- quencetathattbeSouthtadismayed,aad,withthemostor any other Southern State determines to secede, it should pursue la tbe event of Ltnaotn's elec- to the Union, Virginia had hesitated in ber duty, and ex- little.UFIrgtalaalog with the other coming conflict.to bar traterntxwbigs, or, sa they are no n called, are rubmisstoatata, to a mas, aad wilt tovementwbicbwmtamplslssre-should be done by a State Convention; the time or seceeaion should take place on tbe fourth of March next, andfa ibited neither tbe courage to vote with the North nor yet tbe resolution t o sustain t b e South, but bad neutral teed all hsr Influence on John Bell.crau a* a g U * border eeettoeno'' the State who are stmttarty disposed; aad hence thereta bat ltttle hope of anyof Virginiaoutsideofaaderatood, dtttioetlymistake aha baa committed, and that the admission ofMitnesota, and the samimion, now to be heralded to revolution and resist oppression at any and all hazards ton states."totheworld,ofKansasaadOregonasblackrepublican States, bear witness to the terrible account to which the North has turned that mistake against t h e South. B a tBesides,IconsiderseparateStateactionresumingall^.IhteJ"•i1TerTWftUtotlc*leStatepride.Butiaitdates of eoaotttstioaal law . Virginia.it at ail, witb a stow, ssllnna step, not re the error has been discovered too late t> be remedied,tbe powers delegated to tbe federal government which true? Can Virginia take such an Independent Course, andthey have abandoned, essential to consistency at least, separate ber destiny from tbe cotton States?before they enter into any alliance, league, confederation If she can, as the rTato intimates, separate from will immediately beoome alarmed for their safety and unite the country on Mr. Douglas, for six years he has or compact with any other power whatever. If, there the cotton States, w e may fairly conclude that tbe Bell abandon a Union ta which Virginia, after having her soli been Identified with a policy «»f agitation, sad is there- fore, Sontb Carolina considers the election of Lis> and Everett men will vote for her to make the seoara- outraged by black republican Invasion, bad compounded fore objectionable in one or the point* which makes Lin-lying upon mere constructive constat tuttonal rights, h a t and the effect of tt upon the South ta apparent to the most nsoa tbe very words of tbe constitution itself. BhewtU, casual aad superficial observer.however, be inevitably draggtd Into tbe oonflict, onwilli"d'"lka«»»be k,toengageinit. SouthCarolina,due notice thereof ba aerved on Congrea through the Kiecutiveofthe United States. I do not believe in any State, with capacity and discretion enough to regulateSouthern State waiting the action or their sisters. lr in her own affairs in her own way, and chalk out her ownHow does Mr. Dotigtas staao He opposes all Costion ta sufficient, but will co operate with others that do humiliating idea that she will be obliged to submit to the they are not acting from that motive that should defy wishes and dictation o f t h e whimsical and arrogant cot-not desired by many of tbe influential men or tbe party. nently devoted to the Union. Bat baa he not agitated? There facts are understood by tbe Southern Stater, who ,.Waa he not ta the front of that policy which reopenel know the great interest now at atake in this canvass. If 'tbta agitation ta 18fi«> Does he rot stand oa that policyVirginia,provingrecreanttotheSouthandunfaithfulto now?Doesbenotadvocateatheoryofrestrictionofojse the high position she baa formerly held, should, in this tionable to manr? Hta best friends must say yes to th r canvas*, vote for John BeU, the Southern Stater question. This being so, we cannot at present quiet aad.TfTl'IrTM*.*•"—»» willundoubtedlysecedebefore umsnfctatesfjBnasnysnaa.andthenaconflictwiththettoasjthatoughttounitetbemanylongerunderthenametimeittaberdeterminationItshalltakeplace.Ideemandrecklemfamitlcttmoradominant,uvestraloedandreturnthepoisonedchalicetoherlips,andcompelhertoidentifiedwiththatpolicyvsinchreopeeeltbeslavery8 u , aovernmenfc la it a community of interests.' The South It useless toergue the question of the propriety of dis uncontrollable free aoil pwty? fler condition woold, to drain ita very dregs. A vote for John BeU by Virginia agiiatton ta 18M. He stands oa that policy now with asto black repnbheaa rale. There are many demo painful reluctance, compelled to confess bow aad latheeor What -OldffifllMry"« 5 * eolithtnaaantaTin terchange of trade and the friendly and refiniag tnflaence alayery; If the Sooth hesitates upon his election, thaw importation of Virginia negroes, and here would begin advanee stop towards abolition. WiU act suchun opinion ta hta supporters and their appeals and art-..^d^lhe^^f attempt on hia part wouldm politely warned tobillionofdollarsiBTeatedin tt, while theNorthinsists hairdozenSouthernStater,would produce bloodsned to commondestinyawaits alike theplantingandtheTarm uponitsabsolute, "ultimate extinction,"aad would •uyvarygreatextent-andevenIfitdid,itoightnottodespoil tbe South, by a system of legislative robbery, of **»:. «»*» M d States in their aotiim-based, aa I "^exatempctaiy, doubtless, baa good and sufficientThe Crista aad Its Perils—Tha only W a y OfAverting ItlatbeElection or Bell. LKTTEU FROM HON. B. H HILL.aosaaraw sacs tt of saaj •wags,• nuon | Unionlovtag statesman. Choose youby this f'estioeqattTatactaas will• lighted, theUagcandidate,weofferyouaaexperienced,netoaai,»r tbe part)traitors, are, will inflame the popularand character to its laws sad untMJS, r0 f g l ' aurtaatocoma Darloatrembledtadoabt"—1i to coma Darina trembled l i T E T ^ ! * * ^ofcommerce" TheSoattaexporteandtbeNorthimports. willfalterwhenhtapartycarryouttheirthreats. Ifthe 'firetbeSouthernheart."aad"precipitatetbecottonmenu hepresents asectional appearance. Iaa nowstatingfacts. Yoncanneveruniteihepeopleonon* sectional agitating candidate againat another sectional agitating candidate. Y ou can never appeal to Northera men to abandon their sectional candidate to vote far our sectioaal candidate. W e most avoid, on this potst, the veryappearanceofevil.Iaittbeagreementtatpolicyonthequestion ofTerrito- electionofLincolntaacquiescedinbytbeSouth.Seward the financial ruin thatwouldsoonculminate inadeso- StatesIntoarevolution4" Aadyetwith allthese facts S * * .•**•*•* tontant rial extension? The South la in favor of the acquisition, ta right that tbe election of Lincoln tt the downfall of lating and bloody aervlte war. Bach would ba the price before tbem, tbe opposition call themselves Uaioa Tkere* arsaklUg,ones by either purehaae or oonqueat, of Cuba, aad the .*orth ia Slavery. ofVlrglnla'a boasted Independence or the cotton stotea. What aa imposition upon pubUc credulity.a?ae*V0PUl*r *>*°B " lr revocabfy against It. Is it the similarity of instltatloan No such independence exists. The institution of slavery Tbe South nurturea slavery and baa upwards of a _ I have no rears that the separation of one, much less a binds ail the States wherein it exists ao intimately, that adeatiytathe* W i a i C S wO n C eThere k i t Which,lie la cast. To Mississippi lo go out. W e are sorry to say that we da black republicans; bat then Virginia, aa far aa she ooajd, owlybutpre- aotbelievethatGeorgiawiUtaketbetoad.ButtotoaasanctionedtbedeclarationofberGovernorforresistancemer diiiereneei oa minor issues should be ignored,: and goodmanshouldunitefortheroodottbecountry. I c a n n o t h o p s t h a t a n y t h i n g s a i d b y m e c o u l d h a v e a n y effect, for six years I have seen thts crisis approaching, anaheavenknowsIbaveraisedmypoor feeblevoiceonLet the South, then, at once withdraw every ottar cas didateaaduniteonMr-BeU,andapeaktotbeSort- t h u s — i n l t o u o t y o u r s e c t i o a a l o r g a n i z a t i o n , w e o f f e r y o n a national organization. Ia lieu of your sectiona! plat-bytbeNorth,totheTh, eCprmrrnextMonday,will.Ifear,preventmofromgoingto3a-Nobly,nobly,baabestoodfalthfaUybythearttleeant of 1880, and the pledges of all parties la 1S5S, and re- fused,"upoa anypretext whatever," to connecthla-» e e m e r g e n c i e s i nteoajbrtnaa.*«yryasjuaa,ao- oi«or iwiin osaermi > i»»r—•"•>•«•«*-o r a l l o f t h o s e S t a t e s m o v e , a a d G e o r g i a w i n s u p p o r t them ta it; and whan the issue comes, if ii should •>«I ae oessarytofight,amthink that tbegreatmajorityofoar citizens would ahrisk from the idea of helping the oiasfc republicanstomurdertheiroldfriendsandneighbors Atallevents,wewanttoseatheexperimentmade.ITheIrrepressible Conflict ta Alabama. [ from the Montgomery Advertiser ]pPrase and the hustings would greatly uudeirate the sturA n d I f s o , w h y s h o u l d b e r p e o p l e n o w a b a n d o n t h e i r DO allien then? *believe that tbta result baa been by maay intendsd; b a tStotoa. In our opinion resistance to L'ncolo is doubly de- nothing else eonld, te tbe nature of thicp.be tbe result tionalism so ptaln that the North, tn my optn.oa, couWmanned over resistance to Fremont The Whig save — of this policy sad spirit, both of tae people and tbe not resist, and themselves would defeat Ltoclc. Btttall Nepotooc tockUta bold stop of dimoTrtaxX Conn*the tight of one oil of Five Hanarod, aad the dtalem ot X t t W . ^ 1 Those who should tofer tbe predominantuthe liberties of Rome"th* heaw trrmA nfhtaKailir Wtnna anil-~»* --.-.aThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streetall her constitutional righto to th» Untoc, no matter who akm r wnowere trample,! underon N•heuld be, on the deepest convictions, that they are coa- reaaona for the opinion that Virginia would not resistHow stands John Belf He ta not aad never waa sec- tions!. Heta and always baa been strictly national, He An unexpected professional engagement in Thomaston never war an agitator. H e has always opposed agltattoa.If with interests so diverse two sections are held which tt every dayPlanfur Disunion.tathere, it laasked,to VTM.F°»« ggtaj publishedatColumbus,Ga.,submitsmto theline oractionitis thefoUowingprogrammefordisunion Itsays:-are questions pregnant with We have for a long time had vary little hope that tbe South would aver tne herself from the domination of theof the country I warn those l ^ ^ a l * ^ ^ w** S T * " * » ~ r hopeehara ^e^^Baayaja t A a BaaatA u p u v i a v i * *nJP •eea greatry revival. W e believe now that the Union ;,saptrtiigdem%g*ucs. a.u be dissolved II Lincoln should ba aUattad. A gooj *farthernina of thetrcountry, many people arc ia favor of a Southern ConventionfarLa GBAKGX, 6 a ., O ct 18, I860. I received your letter this morning.tothealmostunanimousvoiceorVirginiaIn186d.Torresistance to Fremont's election. W a would remind ourcontemporary,thatthecallfortbemeetingofMMSouth- vannahandAugustaasIhadinteaded.ernGovernorswasapprove!bythepeople;andthatJohn ThecanvassUaearlyover,and*! fear the Union tt aeirwiththepolicywhichreopened theslaveryagttattaa Minor•Bolts was the only man tn Virginia that, la 1858, nearly over also ta 1854. Bo, al»o he has always opposed act outy Ooc- bad the hardihood to openly oppose resistance to Fre- j The clouds are above us to-day covering aUthe horizon, gressional but all kinds of legislative restriction oa mont. but these clouds do not cast a more gloomy shadow over slavery. By bis party, by his platform, by bis life, bytenant lor thetabonw aad t ^»«wyarecoa- Abe Lincoln when constitutionally elected. In this we differ from the Whig, and would point our contemporaryblic senti meetoftheSouthfromeriogtngsubmisslontaisofthe••apoliticiansoftbtasectionarefarbehindtbegreatwww.fultonhistory.commarbePresident» ' *"UntitledDocumentTheAttltndeo f[From the Vicksburg 8an.] I.BT OB BALLY FOR THK SOOTH.they do tbe true principles of the constitution, justice andiaridge, and ia favor of ths Uaioa candidate, JohnBell, b y a tremendous majority. If Vtcartaia votoaagainstBresklnridge,theadvocatesof"resistance"wiU deed,thefirstdam,losingsightoftbefactthattheare abandontheirpresentpurposeofprectpitObagrevolution serrationoftheUnionandof therightsofthsSoutharecism,willhavebeensweptaway,forbiddingtbethought that Ita breaches can ever be repaired in the Union. L et usputourshoulderstothewheel,andpreventaoySouth- ern State from going against the gallant candidates of oar party, and thos show the North that we of tbe South a r e "one as the sea," in defence of our rights. Let ua be ac- tive. A consciousness that we have done our whole duty, will take away the sting of defeat, if defeated we ba. T o those who fight the good fight and are defeated, tbe in spiring words of Milton must need be a a encouragement to them:—"What though tbe day be lost, Ail is not lost.tion against black republicanism, which might indues themtoremainintbeUnionandawaittberevivalofconservatism at tbe North. But should Virgtnts loosen frombermoorings,andbyvotingforJohnBellcreate clawtacomposedofmenwhodeclarethefirstiThe unconquerable will and spirit ' Never to submit or yield."To vote for Breckinridge ta th e duty of every Unionman, whether be deems a common fate with the South tobe tbe best policy for tbe State, or whether he woaldwait for the "overt act" before resistance. Voting forBreckinridge may defeat Lincoln, white support for JohnBeU, tf It is not neutrality, to aid for Lincoln. Voting forBreckinridge may postpone the "overt act," while voting very purpose of the constitution the general good, theAnd the torch that would light tbem through dignity's wayMust be caught from the pile where their country ex- pires.ing o f the Wlag's reply. Premising that t h e disunion hubbub of tbe opposition partyta played cat, and, before the practical results that must very soon develope them selves, ta utterly hopeless, even for tbe exigencies of tbta canvass, we shall examine candidly tbe opinions advanced by the Whig as to the coarse of Virginia should Lincoln be elected. In our article or Monday last we said:—Moneymattersaretight,andtbewealthiestofpeople encyofresistancetaquitesnotbarquestion.Thisques-find It difficult, aad In many cases Impossible, to procure tion must be determined by those interested when the means necessary to meet their obligations and to defray time shall come, and t h e circumstances a r e before a s . theircurrentexpenses. Sadtosay,in truth,tbe people Tnerewillbemaaythingstoconsider ta that day.Thepresent always brings to light many facta wbicb the future hides, aad, safe in correct principles, tot aa da right ourselves, and wait for events. What w e ought to do then, we wUl determine according to our then convic- tions of our duty and it tereat. I have never tnoogat that the doctrine of overt acta had anything to do withmatter how good the paper offered, they close their geat a different rule between States and governmenta availablemeansofescaping,Ifaotaltogetherarresting,"best-wecanget"policyofsubmission.Itshouldsname VirginiacannomorepreventthedissolutionofthisdrawersagainstitAadwhyIstbta?Notfarinthe So,aao,thoseorourfriendswhocannotagreetothewe have 'sold oar birthright for a mess of pottage," far even t b e poor luxury or a brier and uncertain respite rrom the troubles and dangers of tbta sectional war—a little more slumber, a little more folding of the bands tn the sweet dream or pecuniary prosperity. Let us be new warned, lest while we "praise the gods of gold, aad ofUnion after Lincoln's election than ahe can prevent that election. She wiU be powerless to prevent civil war, with all Ita attendant horrors. Any one of the Southern States can, and some of them will, Involve the whole country. North as well as South, in the internecine strife oPa bloody and desolating civil war.. If, la the opinion of the Whig, Virginia can /'prevent the dissolution of the Union," we should have been glad for our contemporary to have informed us how that most desirable end can be .accomplished. We are aatttfled that theretanotonemanin?Virginiathatdesiresthedissolu- tion of this Union. But however so much the peopleof Virginia may wish to maintain the Union, by what course ahe can prevent the Southern States from dissolving their connection with the Union w s cannot see, nor has theWhig attempted to explain.Wa also said, that to o a r opinion "Virginia will, by adistance are beheld signs of a d tasolutton of the govern absurd idea of "constitutional secession," combattingFor thirty year* peat, the one great lea ling ooject a i d endeavor of the Charleston Jfereery has been to bold Of to the people of this State aad of the South, the port ba-as tt baa marched on to IU aupremacy, has the Mercury called oat its uarighteous advance to the people of thisor country should be held responsible. That the dis- Maay vwd men, prompted by their love of tbe Uatoatbe John Brown raid, for resistance to the " irrepressible State expostulated,expounded,warned. Inthefaceof .conflict"whenItfirstdevelopeditselfuponthesoilofNlaajtsalppl.vote against Breckiaridge and the fltaunionlsts. But if extrecnee—tbe extremes meet; and maay patriotiaLincoln should, unfortunately, be elected, how tranacen- citizens who deprecate tbe election of Liacola as a setadaaUy and infinitely important, b o w abaoiutoly essen- dent cause to destroy the government, are yet straae.lv tial it ta that Virginia should vote against Breck- pursuing a policy which must Inevitably coateibnto teor hell; ita maw is aa Insatiable aa the grave." If Lin-coln ta elected and the South submits, proudly will hisfriends point, first t o t b e threats and warning or tbeSouth,and then to this lame and Impotent conclusion, asproofs of the safety with which further aggressions canbe perpetrated to overwhelm and confound the friends ofthe South among themseives, who have proclaimed thatthey would drive the South into resistance. Higher andstronger still wilt the crested wave roll down npon usuntil secession will be left tbe only ark of safety. IT the natty upon Breckinridge ia the only hope for the pre tend for it most loudly, boast of being strict construe-whether Lincoln be elected or defeated, dictates that suchathieg? And, whatta remarkable, those who con-are suffering to the fleshrrom an inability to get the realnecessaries br life Many who, to last year's plenty, en-joyed the comforts and tuxurlea of the land, are deniedthe least as well s i tbe greatest of their earthly wants.Nor tt tt because tbe hand of Providence, boantiful ingive very "soecial atW ntion" to the remarks and reason its dispensations the year before, ta now closed against this quretioa. We live ta a State whose laws justifyWattlnsr,torthe"Overt Act.*'[From the Richmond Enquirer, Oct. 19.] "special attention" o r the Whig havingcalled" to our article in last Monday's issue, w e shallThe' b e e nand its justly prised benefits, have talked about eoerctag foolish threats, has brought about the present laments back a seceding State. However patriotic auch gentle- ble state of affairs in tbe South none can deny; aad me n may be, such an Ideata utterly wild The htttorythough It can never repair the injury it has done, it or the world never furnished an Instance of a governpeople or Virginia are as muoh opposed to tbe theyshouldthinkaadactwithaviewtoavertingsucha formed. Let every manknowthis,aadtoteveryman " irrepressible oonflict" now aa they were when calamity, and we believe they will. It ta plainly to be tremble whea be ta to thoughtless as to hazard it. it burst upon' tbe State at Harper's Ferry; con aeen, by tbe moat casual observer of the workings of tbe Wben secession shall take place it wUl be useless to talk •toned that the people of the North are none thetornin- Breckinridge party, that it would rule or ruin. If it can- about remedies. Nor can the threat of treason deter mes* fire theSouthern heart" have bean thechief shibboleths doneta a given contingency.of the opposition party In this canvass. That party hasnot the sagacity to see that every vote gtvee in the South Let as adopt measures to avert that csntingeacy UpontoJohnBellorStephenA.Douglashasapracticalten- onepotatwecanallagree:theelectionofLincolnwinen-dencytoaccomplishboththeseresults,therecanbe dangertheUnion.Thanthisnothingismorecertain. no surer way of "precipitating tbe cotton States into a Now, let all who desire to preserve the Unton direct the..-revolution" than by showing those States that Indiffe- arguaeata and their efforts to defeat Lincoln. We may rence to their rights baa taken place to the minds of differ at to the beat method to accomplish tbta. But oaaWe believe she possesses a mind and a will of her own,andtapreparedtoact,asherown safety andinterestsmar require, without regard to the wishes, opinions oractionortbecottonStates. IftheOldDominionisamete automaton, without intelligence, without will the moral power oT Southern unity upon a tertium quid toy told to any better suggestion. We of tbe 8outh are and without feeling, ahe wiU, of course, allow the like John Ball. That ta the day of greatest trial to the supporting three candidates. Two ought to be withdrawntion, and wiU submit to b e dragged or kicked tn any di- rection those Gulf State* may determine. On the con- trary, if she is a high minded, independent, sovereignWhat makes Lincoln so objectionableFirst, he is sxtionat. Seoondly, ba tt agitating thesis very question Thirdly, by this secttoeal agitation he seeks to obtain t h e government, to use it to reatriet eta-The election or John Bell ta known to be an absolutetheirsovereignty,theydonotthinktbecauseforaaera- destinies,shewillrepelwithpromptindignationthe impossibility. ItIsnotexpectedbytheleaders,anditis gressionalrestrictiononslavery. Hetatrulyaaden-Already the question to asked oa every fide, what ta it cota aufficlont cause to resume the powers she has dele 2°*- , W ^ xbm w m °* n w condition—remaining inthe for peace by deserting the South. Those Stater wUl a o t coln a disturber of the public peace. thatnowmakesttdesirablefortheSouthtoremainIn Satedtotbefederalgovernment,sheoughttodoaoofaad federalUnionwiththepresent border slave States, permitbertoenjoyhershamefullypurchasedpeace;bat, •HowstandsMr.Breckinridge HeopposesCongra- theUnion' WhattathereInunisonbetweenthetwossc- yherself,andnotifyherremainingconfederatesatwhat powerlesstoprotect herslavepropertyagainstthewild byforbiddingtheimportation ofVirginia negroes will sional restriction Buthetohasbeenforsix yearsIf we are mistaken in this fact, our contemporary c a n nature than does the erection news over the races or aU bis record, by all the noble qualities which make b i n adoubtless furnish the evidence of such error. the thinking man I meet. model statesman, he repudiates all further atovery aadThese late elections certainly indicate no good, andas sectional agttatioa. and cemands universal obedience te " Jostles and dlspoted to yield ^JEITK^ 2? 2V*e!?!to "»*• »• oastpuu, In ISM ao Harper's Ferry raid had roused Virginia to certainly do indicate aril—the only question to, how the awa ot the country. He fills every requisite of the« a Territories as well as all the consideration of her imminent peril; no "irrepressi great is that evil? Something muit be done promptlyaad the only one, tt for South Carolina, or AiabemV « ble ccniiict" bad been announced by the leaders of tbe and wisely. All party feeling should give way—all for- enemies otLincoln aad the friends of the Uaioa.Hasshereceived anyassurancethat Lincolnto any-more conservative than Fremont Both were Southernborn,bothnomineesorasectionalparty. JoanBrownhat shown theextent or the Increase ofhostility toslavery Fremont was opposed to slavery in tbe terrtto- dissolutlon. I do not say this to criminate, for I do) not which yen prefer. This will put the S»utt on bis* rka;Lincolnannouncesan"Impressibleconflict"lathe ground. Itwouldmak->theiaueofna;ieua!:«maadsec-all oecaatora la warnings to the people. For six years everyelectionhythepeopleaadeveryactofthe governmentbarbeenbatastep nearer to the brick ofcountry. Ia ltou of your sectioaal, agitating, rait split if\that very election. They refused to sat with them whs admire, love aad praise the Unton, notwttaataadtag tbem same men who tore the Unton also oppose Lincoln In-fail of that and—certainly when the formabe used to defeat that end and purpose of the constitu- tion—tbe s a a e right which existed before that c o avided on alL I am ready for any plan that srtUharmo- nizeourpeopleandsavetheUnton. Letallminoriauea be ignoredfor tbe presentittr form weoffer youthecoastituttoa aadlaws of our Iknowawayofoat fbr futureno- securtty, aad tbe Lincolngracedh'.sbrow. QeaarcrossedtheRaMconiilif.?* mow of ita moat Mxhtful pages. r e J a t o s ^ i"BaapositionofVirginiais,thatahemeanstostandbyth9 constitution and the Uaioa to the last, and demandgovernmentIt may ">e that Providence has determined to bear withua no longer In our wickedness, aad has given tbe p* jple AW.** U»A I^IIMM • li« that t h » mmrnm Ka <1±nmmA "sheuldtheNorththusprefer Lincoln,andtaerabysho» a determination to abandon the faithful observance of our national compact, all the world would admit otr r'nbt to retire When the North by such a il'.it ac: tauedy intelligence aad patriotism of our ptople. The pFult13069arew Ytorki 