 W7 HIi!!.M^:t;W wm» .4 » I-W «up a^government for themserves, and can exercise noVm'':~ 1 9k* *^ KB|j '-'si' • >PI'' si tfi- '»pfM1 II'V•4; .*"• '*» /:'-sy!> U A•pitt * *:•", >:'JIhiM'^ « f H # SOFTSTATE COITmmON.head because, he said, it would make the impression on the old General thavtbey did not need office. H eaction ,of th<>ee. Democrate^who voted against \JEli r. .gIfIfIff'JdII•< Ic1H o w false, then, is the charge that the Republicansare the agitators of this question. To prejadice thepeople against the Republicans, they are called " Abo- in relation to the government of the Territories, is thet benches.'. The newspapers puff* it, and the man wno/However much,the Republicans may regret the for-mation of any new Slave States, yet it the people of a cosl—XDXzch more than ispossessed' by Great Britain; blowing tbe "Union sky high" (as JohnRandolph used also, Republican polls. Buchanan's veto of the Home- but little control of himself. Saturday noon he madeTerritory, when they assume State sovereignty, deter- and yet, we send to that little island for nearly all our to say), if Mr. Lincoln should be elected; and that he a rush for Bacon's, knocked, rung, burst open the door, mine to recognize property in slave labor, their admis- railroad iron, and are this day indebted to her for that ebouid not be inaugurated. stead bill has done wonders, there is scarcely a poor and appearing to Mr. Bacon's family as they were atJL.i<:.•*;#*"p«£nwaii INTSLfcftlENCE..money; tor shall I chares specific acts of corruption in^wairupt^rin^^.W: HfrV4 v$•. •-.->tgive it to Mm.Sroperty, without being guilty of murder. In thetatee where SlavSryi* recogni^d. no property exists in men and women ;v it is in their labor, their services. That only Is property, and canonly eXMtjm the Stateswhere it is recognized by State law.The laws of^Kentucky have no existence, no valid-;up h th<> fat^ofth'e? land—opposed being placed"at themeetat his house on the evening of the 10th, to *o1krto huh an expreesion of their esteem, regard, and., ;^l^fSiTniirn'T^ The'N. T. Trfbun*.* ALBAWY, Ja»g. X4, I860. ,To-morrowThe Douglas Democrats wiUmeetin State Convention at Syracuse. The leaders of that factionfriendly interest mhis present and future wetfare.:'/ —Lady Charlotte;Pepys, in her reoently-pubuihed]Ito deapair of success as the result of any scheme.'Nevertheless the leaders, are to do their beet great charter of right to property as proclaimed byST. JOSEPH, MO , Aug. 4, I860. It is hardly possible, but this is St. Joe, the Westernpeople, without party distinction, that will present an the Supreme Court;of the Universe, from which therethe sharks of the great deep know by instinct these in- J. xTon-interference with Slavery, in the Slave f -* *2rps, and follow them to feed upon the miser-'States—hut opposition to its extension into Territories ^T\~-*At.*v^« who thus perish!nowfree. OfiRtftTeftra ^n<ethe ^P6^of the MissouriCom-of the Sea," aetride the shoulders of Siabad tbe Sailor,manhood they .break the bonds of party power, and as- dent at Chillicothe, Ohio. After dusk ho undertookto sociate with an organization which sympathizes with Second Ward of Syracuee held an enthusiastic meet- cross a tight-rope, wheeling a barrow, and encircled the industry and material interest of freedom, and ing, listened to addresses from some of their country- with a blaze of fireworks— doubtless in jealous imita- build* for coming time, as well as the present, because it rests upon tbe corner which Washington and Jeffer-Constitution.IT. A revenue law, discriminating in favor of homeindustry, for the support of the Government.V. A reform in toe abuses, and a reduction in theup, and no human effort can cast Mta from their shoul- epenly advocate a repeal of the law?/ anxi seme of the ders ! He is there, and on t1) everlasting destructionmen, and added sixty names to tbe Wide-Awake Club, and more than )5.0 to the Republican Club.'tion of the late splendid meteor. Before he had reached son hewed out and garnished for the foundation of po-It is for these reasons that the Republicans demand more efficient laws to suppress it and the pdss^skion of VI; A liberal homestead law for actual settlers on the Government to enforce them. Why shall it not be—The Republicans of Sloansville, New Jersey, arepreparing for a grand mass meeting, which is to beexpenditures of the General Government.thepublic lands.VJL Tbe improvement of rivers and harbors wher-ever of nationaTmterest.VXIL The speedy construction by tbe aid of theGeneral Government of a railroad to the Pacific.Let us examine each of these measures very briefly:done? .•'.,III. The admission of Kansas.Two yearn ago the Democratic Senate attempted toforce Kansas into the Union with a Slave Constitution spurned by a majority of her people.At the last session, the same Democratic Senate re-held on the 13th of September. Hon. John P. Hale Phaeton cculd only keep on his course and suffer the She has now a hotel, the Patee Honse, one of theand Gen. Nye have already coiwented to speak on the torture,of being slowly blistered. With quite heroic largept and best in all the West. The Pike's PeakI. As to Slavery in the Slave States and lis exclu- fused to admit her because she presented a Constitutionsion from, the Territories,Lynn, for Congress, as an opponent of Mr. Alley.—The Hartford Press of the 11th inst. has the fol- lowing account of a curious ecclesiastical quarrel:are carried in • pockets arranged in a largo saddle, so I that ail that is necessary is to change the saddle from < horso to horse. The rider starts under a keen run; each IWithin the provisions of tbe Constitution, States aresovereign and independent of each Other. They havethe right, therefore, within tbis restriction, to-enact would be given to the Republican electoral vote for *ueh laws as they may deem proper. Hence it is, thattbe laws recognizing property in slave-labor in oneStare cann«t be mterfered with by a sister State, or bythe United- States. That is a question which cannot beaffected by a National Administration, even were itdisposed to do so, which w e deny so far as the Repub-licansareconcerned. , ' _ . .0 t—The papers of Iowa, and, indeed, of the' whole "West, are filled with glowiog accounts of Republican" Litchfield County has been considerably excited of horse is run from 10 to 20 milse. But stages with thesion into the Union will not be resisted for that reason. article alone, millions of dollars, which must be paid in Wearetold,however, bytheDemocracythatanNo doubt these gentlemen are very great men—at Democrat who will not go for Lincoln and Hamlin, sodinner, eeized a Mr. Francis Bacon, and shook him around the room rather spry, though he did not injure him. The Rev. Mr; Bacon was absent, but his resem- blance to his brother, the doctor's friends say, accountsact of Congress prohibrting Slavery in the Territories would destroy the equal rights of the States.The reasoning by which this conclusion is arrived a| »unsound, andcannbt, therefore, withstand the scru- tmyof "inexorablelogic/' . * '•,• _,^ T h e v assnme that to be which, does not exist, and then «^oTfxom that assumption. They, say tha\ inas- vTmocbastheTerritorieswere,acquired bythecom- " men blood and common treasure of the whole people ~ Jfafl the States, the citizens Of tbeeeSjates have a <*%d*1»Zrite^ $**#>, *** take with them theirthat .greater men sometimes have made fools of them-alone is sufficient to satisfy. reflecting minds of the selves. How far these gentlemen.have succeeded in tainhomes.". . .property; |but nowhere did He give nian the right of property- in man, nor can any human power rightfullynone, and not even reviling again when fc*-w«« **- high places; -As to;-thenrflt,iti8enougb:thattiiebflioial gentleman, ^hoMappflarahce .indicated ; ttiat he lived 1 p o l r a c ^ ^ ^ ' e x ^ ^ l c h 'as:^ojt>tame^^h^ugbJ^'' viUd,' The friends of the Rev. Xh» Bacon were to.,,He cannot destroy man as he can otherrecords show that our expenditures, have BO. far in-creased over .our revenues as to get us into debt about$17;000,000 eachyeafVfdr the last three years: . And.asto the other, tbe report of-the Naval aod the Covode; ins'sted'tbat it should be led, by Amos Kendall, a lean, Thayer's bill proposing'to give to the inh-bltautsWInvestigating CoimnitteeS'axe'raificient on that point. Caseins sort of man! . ; . / Dakotah. Arizona, Je#er*dri,Tand Nevada the right to, j The very men, w h o control our >Governmeat—the ( Soon after the 4th of next March, the people or < * o ^ 0 h e h f b ^ ^ and elect TerritcS " W e left gtrasburg early, and would gladly hate;God himself when he gave man power on earth.When you find an unauthorized Legislature, in viola-tion of law, setting up a Government without sanction terminus of the most western railroad. He who eita •book oftraveIt8aT«:.priests-within the" Temple of Liberty''—are thus 'eot-: Washington .may look out for along procession of of- rial Dtlegates to Congress. His doctrine would have visited Cohuar, which has also a beautiful Cathedral.. .,,,.TUptand ccrrupting! They have become the mere fice-seekers from the South, more numerous than the And here it was that a curious re ord ot tbe chauceer driven by Our Saviour from the Holy Temple!'; t come across the.'Long,Bridge, headed, it may,be,, by ple did not go through theform of a Congressionalf m pre«ari»g^to^ color whh JdistemperjV foif some fete,'Is it not time..that the " Temple " at Washington be Parson Brownlowi(another lean Cassias), singjihg as "Territorial organization- If ianything was needed to tbe refectory of the Hotel de' VUle.lt was necessary topurified by driving from its precincts those who have they come: (with but a slight alteration) a lavorite cbnvi,ct Mr. Douglas of the most shameless inconsist- pulldown the paper-hangintro,i These were several,youriw*!forgfflfj; «*l wablicJaiiictt «H*jparfcofity, in Indiana, und therefore i t is that the moment ah#ve for some time Veen busy in preparing the way, slave is brought by the -man whoowns hia service, bis " changers of moneyn as did the priests who were locusrs which infestpd Egypt' Look at them a« they even excluded California as a State, because the peo- and changes of the nation's late was lately discovered*HI®which they have found uncommonly rough, for thrust-iog upon the public the schemes that have been elab-orated in secret. The question whether the Mozart orTammany delegation or parts of both shall be admittedmay prove a rock upon which, as in former days, theConvention-will split. That question .disposed of, thegreat work of arrangmg a coalition, or rather of con-Munmaimg the arrangements already made f o r , * coa-Srien with the- Bell and Everett people, will be takenup. Thus far it has proved a work of immense prac-tical difficulties. There are some of the " Union"1Pacters w h o hesitate at the proposed coalition. FrankGranger is .understood to regard it with great coldness,and many of the best of them some time since beganlabor, into Ir diana, he loses that right, and. the slave is discharged from owing that labor or service^ and be- comesfree. The&se is differentgrf^helcwe^iulib^ln- diana without the consent of the man who owns his service, because the Constitution of\ the United States comes in and pays that this man? thus, owing labor or service, shall be delivered up to the person from whom he may b*ve escaped. In no other way is the exist- ence o"f Slavery recognized in the Constitution, except the representative clause and that in reference to the suppression of tbe slavertrade. '' ..CW Territories come to us free. The right of oneman to own the labor of another man xi not recognizedby any law of those Territories, and does not, there-iore. exist.,. -,. -<-> - ;- :. •': x. :•••-,.•• • ' >'•; settler it would contribute. greatly to such a result. cratic policy, everywhere, will be its supporters. It leave him to define the meaning of his own term. Imade it'" a den o f thieves '^ and the abode of political hymn of that distinguished divine, commencing: '••'••and bad followed each other as follows: Firstly, upoa ency, and came every honest adherent in his ranks to the nlaister a.paper representing armor, surmounted'; • * a y » :"Fir,8«n Frw-i.,r *C*liiottM sr»*xrpont ( didI I *•revampires.?;.: * ^ X ^ t ' '[ \ »^/ ''4- , " i x. ; The time is'at hand. It is the wiU of ,thepeople thatit be done, and done,, too, by.one'com tog from the pure- ''and uncontaminated West; one whose whole life qual-c-,'.'••"/.'« Office!' Othe joyful gowod, .'.'• \Vhat pleasure to our oarsiA BovereigirhaJn) for every wound, A cordial for all our fears." ;, ,. •'(Iof Congress of Court, that is Squatter Sovereignty quietly in his country cottage on the bank of the Hud- "THE MONROE DOCTRINE."—."The Political Text which I oppose. There is the case of Dakota, whereBook" for 1860 contains an extract from the message you bave left a whole people without any law or Ter- eon, has bat imperfect conceptions of the magnitude ofof President Monroe, on. the influence of European ritorial organization, with no mode of appeal from our conntry, ard the rapid advances the last fe^ ventions fail, a popular movement—so-called—is to* be jutit such property as'is recognized by the law of prop- At the last sessionof Congress a Homestead law was Powers on this continent. Squatter Courts to the United States Courts to correct years have accomplished. I stepped on the expressprecisely as the citizens of other States go to i^ with but an additional reason m favor of the poficy.Idesired, but the best they could get;, and yet it was . —They do say that ALBANY has about the best tion of the Constitution and laws of the United Statea.electoral ticket, in which the various parties and fac- is no appeal! - '• „, '•" ''".':V vetoed by.the President. So long as.the Southern De- "Wide-Awake" organization in the country. Tne There is a similar Government set up oyer a part of day morning, and without any detention or mterrup- *What is there in this that is wrong ? Where the in- mocracyf-ontrol,this measure willhever be established. clubs, several hundreds strong, attend Republican California and a part of the Territory of Utah, called tion, paseed over an unbroktn line of railroad, savetions can concur. It is understood that in view of the justice done any portion of the people? It places all VII.—The improvement of Rivers and. Harbors probable faflure of a joint electoral ticket beiog ne- the States upon the same equality, and was never com- wherever of National interest. ' ; , fNevada. It has a delegate here, claiming t*» represent the crossing of tbe Mississippi, of nearly J ,500 miles, Meetings in all directions from that City. Whoever it. I have.denounced that as unlawfuL I am opposedgotiated into existence, arrangements have, alreadybeen entered into ibr procuring signatures by thethousand, as it is expected jn such proportion, and insuch sort and numbers, as wOi override aU other pro-plained of until it became neceesairfor party purposes and to achieve Democratic triumphs. • _• - "In"regard to tbis*whole,question of Slavery, the Ee- pnbiicans stand where a great majority of the people of aU parties stood only a / e w years ago; and I appealwishes to confer with them should address Ira Porter, jr., Secretary.peoplei of a Territory,When they have been organized Two years ago it would require nearly ten weeks topower over all rightful subjects of legislation, consis- take you far toward the setting sun—the region doubted, and there should be no surprise if they should especially in the Slaveholding States; that, because make even that little more secure. This great interest hates Douglas, would rote for Lincoln sooner, and lative powers en any subject inconsistent with tbe of the Missdhri, and tbe Ottoe and Omaha hunted theceedings. The esroestnesa of the " high contracting to aU candid men for the truth of this assertion!parties" vaho had this in chargs, has never been ' We are told, however, that, although this be true, public sentiment has undergone a great chaage, and,I<Before the Washington City Republican August 2, 1860.to eay'that John Bell is not worthy to be trusted by the South, but, when they say it, they are false, grosslyAssociation, REPUBLICANS or WASHIXGTO.V: In introducing mevor, but they have been long in power and have done and scandalously faite, to their own convictions. They where I notice a slight error which yon will please'correct. On the condition of tbe American fort, but, when thocopper head reached a certain point, his limbs becamer nothing for it. They cannot be trusted. These resolves pretend to believe what they don't believe. They put thejBecond page of the Semi-Weekly, August 10, you give the. paralyzed, and he lost his bold. It was shrewdly sus-were made to deceive voters. vote on A venue D Road,' placing me right in the first instance,Having thus very briefly spoken. of the measures forth a base slander for base purposes. They utter a and then,putting me down an absent or not voting. This may pected that an American bal) prevented the Indiani'.to 7on, Mr. Clephane was pleased to say that I reside m Indiana, which he termed the most doubtful State among those claimed by the Republicans as voting for them at the next Presidential election. ' 'mielead some, and I desire to have it corrected. On the passage from reporting proceedings. Tlie locomotive breathedThis resolution must have seme . meaning, or Now, I beg t^assure my friend that, although such certainly it would not have been adopted. Whattion takes place. I know we shall have to work for it, t butwe.expect to work as men always should do wholesl themselves in the right. .United States, and cannot be touched by the people— but must be protected by every branch of the General Government.The cry of " Popular Sovereignty," therefore,'be-A few words about our candidate. Raised amid the Y erkes, and in German by B. Fecht.Kcwfane,Aug. 13, I860.PERSONAL.tbe forests and waving corn-fields of Michigan and Indiana, and grain-bearing prairies of Illinois. We had two new, neat cars on the Southern Michigan, the pride of tbe road, because all the timber, tho mapfe and oak, varnished to preserve the natural ap- pearance, was the growth of Michigan.Up to the Mississippi the country looked grand, bearing the fruition and prospect of abundant harvests. Every where tbe apple orchards were bending beneathThe Republicans are denounced by the Democracy came the merest mockery—the scorn of all thinking and self reliance, of which his own history is an emi- Saturday. There were at least five thousand live Re-as the cause of the agitation of the public mind in rela- men. nent illustration. Possessed of great good common publicans present, with a splendid display of flags, tion to Slavery. History will place its. responsibility The truth is, Mr. Douglas and his followers present sense, of industrious and temperate habits, of unim- banners, music, &c. The meeting was addressed by upon themselves. Let us look at the impartial record. a very disagreeable bundle of contradictions on this peachable character, no better selection for the Pres-—The name of the present husband of the late Mrs. BurdeD-Cunningham is SheeharT,a Universalist preach- er of California.i, Not satisfied with tbe extent of country alreadyoccupied by Slavery, they annexed Texas for Jthesubject, reminding us of the famous couplet of" First it will and then it won't, Then it does and then it don't."idency could have been made. Hon. F . W . Kellogg, who made one of his most But our opponents eay that he is an obscure man, eloquent and powerful speeches. Gov. Wiener also—The New-Orleans papers of recent dates contain the accumulating weight of growing, ripening fruit. But after we crossed the Father of Waters, and across «the particulars of an unexpected return to life. It ap- the whole State of Missouri along,the Hannibal audiavowed purpose of its extension. Yet unsatisfied, tliey?i made war upon Mexico to. secure a still farther expan- Will not those among them who -really desire to pre- see about what is called a • "national reputation." this city,and Hon. the Rowland E. Trowbridge,thoughpears that Mr. Pleury, a merchant of that city, was onboard the steamer Arctic, and was supposed to be lost, corn-fields and stunted the prairie-Krass. The countryserve our Territories to free labor, unite with us in the What is it worth, and how is it made?sion ! California declared for Freedom, and they were only practical mode of acCompHshong it ? If it be said A "Yankee," who had a "notion" to make a fortune still quite ill. He was received with great enthusiasmfoiled in that attempt to accomplish their purposes. that the decision of the Supreme juourt is as effectual without hard work (a rare thing among such folk), by the vast multitude. The Republican delegation They desired to plant Slavery in Kansas. The Missouri against Congressional as Territorial Legislative action, mixed together some rain water and molass.es, tinctnred from Fm-mington was a mile in length.Kansas, in defiance of the efforts of a Democratic Ad- ministration to the contrary, excluded Slavery. No;St. Jotseph Road, the severe drouth had wasted tharestriction prevented it. They broke down that bar-. JL answer that such decision is a more expression of with cherry juice, and "Wistar's Balsam or Wild rier, erected by the Patriots of 1820. The people of ! opinion on a question of public policy over which the Cherry''soon had a "national reputation" as an infal-tractive, mourned for him, then married the chief morniDg, we were panting for cool air.. The wina blew over tbe prairies, but it neither cooled the brovyclerk of the late husband. Together the pair lived nor tempered the, atmosphere—i; came almost as tho happily for several years, and to their family three sirocco over, the hot sands of tbe desert.children were added. On the 4th of the present month After midday the clouds began to darken, and tho the wife received from New-York a letter written by parched earth drank up the copious shower. The peal,of the thunder and tne darting lightning were grand \ her former husband. .He had been picked up from a beyond description. A thunder storm on the prairies piere of the wreck^ with five other survivois, and, can only be realized by sound and sight. All the worka being taken on board a whaler, had gone on a long of nature are on a large scale in this Western world. voyage with her. This ship was subsequently sunk, The reign of the storm king was short, and followed by one of the most gorgeous t-unsets I ever witnessed; aalways will prevent it until we have a RepublicanPresident and a Republican Congress. It iB true thatboth wings of the Democracy have resolved in its fa-iSIR: My attention has just been called to the rAcord marching, bands playing. I could see from the car of.tb* votes on the Now-York City Ballroad billa and Wash- the wide spreading elm, on the opposite ride of the town, ington Market bill in the last House, of which I was a member, up which three Indians successively climbed, to reporthardships and privations of a new country, Mr. Lin- coln was early taught the great lesson that complete success can only be accomplished by manly exertion—The Republicans of Oakland County, Michigan,held a glorious out-door mass meeting at Franklin, onwithout a "national reputation." Very well. Let usmade a very able speech,aswell as Sylvester Lamed,of—The bluster, of Southern demagogues about the commercial supremacy of the South is effectually si- enforce ita dictum! How did it get that reputation? By puffing! News- lenced by Tlce Nashville (Tenn.) Banner, which, in a To this it may be said that the act of a Territorial paper puffing and nothing"else. recent article upon the crops, remarks, that the agri-Court has no jurisdiction, and that it cannot, therefore, lible remedy for every ill that human fle^h is heir to.content with aQ this, they now claim that " Slavery Legislature may, therefore, exclude it. Not so; he- A gentlemanmanages to get himself into Congress.*•exists in all our Territories by reason of the Consa- canse lhe power is in the General Government, unless He begins to put on airs and*'look wise! About the cultural prospects this year present a subject " of much**tntion of the United States."it has been previously given, in the act organizing the second session he employs some professional speech- greater importance than the political divisions of the Territories, to the Territorial Legislature. writer to fix him up a speech, much after the fashion North and South, and as if to rebuke the minds and re- It is not denied that the doctrine of the Republicans machine poetry is made. It is delivered to empty strict the spirits which have dared to whisper 'seces-ntioniste," and are denounced by the more cultivated doctrine of the fathers of the Constitution. The old rehearsed it (not the writer)" gets a "national reputa- sion from the North/ an Almighty Power has made and accomplished leaders, as " nigger thieves." landmarks of government, established by wisdom and tion !" In a short time little paragraphs appear in the the Southern division of the country .as dependent uponmeans; have become convinced that the Republican and protect them! Do that, and the agitation of the dent. The "outsiders," regarding him as the very for cotton. Two such failures a •the South experiences Party, if they obtain control of the National Govern- Slavery question, so unwisely forced upon us by the embodiment of all that is great and wise in statesman-and fifteen of those aboard saved themselves upon the fiting counterpart of the raging storm.island from which they were taken by another whaler, I could not but' think how well that our fathers which was jnst commencing- hen cruise, and which landed at Plymouth instead of the mouth of the Mis- sissippi, otherwise tho Connecticut and Hudson would only returnedJo New-York a week or two ago. be skirted with primeval forests. The wild beasts and ment, will abolish Slavery in all "the Slave States! Democrati'* party, will cease, we hope, forever. .No ship, begin to throw up their caps for him. And thus .this year in succession wonld /ruin her Happily for —The Boston Traveller of the 13th inet., says that Indians wonld even now be strugling for mafctery onThe people of the Southern States, influenced by such patriotism, should never be removed. Let us stand by papers, intimating that this very man ought to be Presi- the Norih for food ss the North has been on the SouthSuch i* their deep-seated prejudice, that they refuse tolonger will one section of the country be arrayed it is that men are often given "national reputations " tbe South, the cotton never entirely fails, and in anMr. Thomas Daecomb, residing in Roxbnry, died Sun- tbe mountains and in tbe valleys of the Nor h and East. Missouri, in ber position and natural resourcesday noon of hydrophobia. He kept a number of dogs, of agricultural and mineral wealth, is one of the firstinform themselves as to the real objects of that party. against another; no longer will we hear the traitor's who bave not ability enough to make a respectable augmented crop of (it is estimated) 4,500.000 bales,Indeed, discussion and investigation, the only methods threat of' a dissolution of the Union. .We shall then, Justice of the Peace in Spencer County, Indiana, whereof arriving at truth on any subject, are prohibited un- indeed, b« a.band of brothers, deserving the great in- ,der penalty of Lynch law. In a land where we boast heritance left us by our fathers.SoXbunch of freedom of opinion, its expression leads to II.—To procure a more 'efficient'-law for the suppres-and about a week ago two of them, a female and one States of the Union; and when tlie principloa of the Congress make reputations in this way, because many throne, content tomake one of a triumvirate that hence- and he attempted to separate them. „ The mother of the throughout her. borders, will be the great State of thobarjishnT811* -This *fl>T3 prejudice exists in this District.' It hasbeen ex»gen<J<iv^ hy thos"e whos«e only .desire is to hold0 8 theirplacesasloC.ga» P TM -..Now that a Bepni'bcan President is about to be in- augurated, it may be well to see what measures are to become tbe policy of his Administration. The people-then will be convinced that t h e / have been deceived by those wbo*e interest i; has been to mislead them.:Xhe Republicans simply propo**, 8§ announced.at Chicago, as follows:sion of tlie Afrzcan Slavc'-trade.It certainly requires no argument in this Christian age. among a Christian people, to show that the slave- trade-ought to be suppressed.1 It was stigmatized by Jefferson, jn bis first draft of the Declaration of Inde- pendence, as " a piratical warfare, the approbrinm of even infidel powers." -focation, and are thrown overboard. It is said thatmen of sterling worth and great ability are to be found forth rules the world. That which would have beenWest. But the leaven is at work. There are many puppy bit his wrist slightly, but he took no notice of it Lincoln men even here; and would you believe it. iaA s a crime, it ranks with piracy and murder. No pen has vet described the horrors of what is called theWhy was tbis done? Admitted, and three more voteslate in reference & a difficult between i;he Rev. Dr.Ricbardi» and the Rev. Leonard W. Bacon, both ofLitchfield; which culminated on the 21et ult. As we from thi« town, has been,commenced, and the rait laid; understand it, the case is this: The Rev James Rich-si-de, a few years ago, was a settled clergyman in New-Orleanf, and on charges of intemperance was dis-ciplined. Coming North* about four years since, hebecome principal of an academy in Litchfield, calledElm Park Institute, and occasionally preached in pul-pits to which he had access. About a year ago thePresident, and another Free Staf* added to the Union! Can such an act be sustained by the people? Why should Kansas be longer rejected?patient mule, pony expresses with the fleet hor»e, will soon pass away as an institution, for directly opposite. 'forsake him in disgust, it is euperatmndautly furnished in this brief Senatorial speech. It ought to be posted up in the same frame with the letters and speeches ofby the Phrygian cap of the Revolution; secondly, over this a green paper. »rith gold bees: thirdly, a royal blue, dotted with fleur-de-lis; fourthly: another blue paper, wi'h the Gallic cockof 1830; fifthly, an ordina-, . Seriously, there will be no trbuble on that, point. Mr. LINCOLN will not only selecta portion of his Cab-ifies him. for,its performance.- i ; >.^ , & j*,;VI.—A liberal Homestead'JOaw for Actual bcttlers inet from the South, but will find good and true,men Fitzpatri<jk and Johnson in favor of a Slave Code. ry insignificant modern paper., Xsuppose the presentproor»I*« D office. O bdievft inWhen that wi.i that the the Peop which tb plajed ox the State of it;" awho ex t> taxed hottiorl, brlie pre*-those w lMr. I>"«* wouWdid no' cieco dujMr. J licani**shouldme.' 1 ,have hon the Public Lands* •/ . <m(&$. • -_v ':• '';,V #23'% ^JBlall over the Union to hold and toperform the duties ofThat is the object had in view by the Republicans.^, It will be a revival of the era of good feeling which have denounced Squatter Sovereignty when you find is opposed by tbe Southern Democracy, iiecanse they characterized the Administrations of the early Presi- it setting up a Government in violation of law. as you eay it will fill our Territories with the liberty-loving dents, and the croaking? of the • Disunioniste will be do new at Pike's Peak. I denounced it this year. Germans and others from the Free States,- who wiU, heard no more in the land forever! ""-"The rapid settlement of .thevasti domain West of-us will auemeht the aggregate wealth of the nation. It, afree home of 460 acres of land were secured to everyall the local offices.i So fair;andjustwill be the new Administration toa nickname invented by the. Senator and those with whom he acts, which I have never recognized, I mustFROM THECorrespondence of The N. Y. Tribtms.MISSOURI.These facts show that the property in the labor of man is of a peculiar character, and existing only by reason of local State laws, and. is not recognized by thewhen they come to form State Constitutions, forever to combine all the anti-Republican elements on a When, therefore, a resident of. a Slave State sees exclnde Slavery. They regard such a measure as moredistinct Electoral Ticket in opposition to Lincoln. proper to leave tbat#State for' a nevf Territory, he for- fatal to the extension of Slavery than a Congressional The test phase of the scheme is, that in case the Con- teits his right to the* labor of his1 slave1, and must go enactment againstit. Admit this to be true, and it addsresorted to; that is, a grand mass Convention of the erty made universal by the dictum of the Almighty, passed. It was not such a one as the Republicans their decisions—that is Squatter Sovereignty, in,viola-" train of the New-York and Erie Railroad on Wednee- *all portions or the country,: that all opposed, to Demo-HUDSONTO THEFver since the Democratic party commenced theagitation of the Slavery question, the improvement ofrivers and harbors has been neglected. Indeed, everygreat interest has been shamefully sacrificed. to pro-mote the peculiar, institution of the Southern Democra-cy who have ruled,us. They want to extend Slaveryand that is all they care about. Engaged in very little is tbe language of theNlaw, and if they exercise Legis- where, but a short time since, the Kaw and Pawnee commerce themselves, they do not seem to wish to an unnatural alliance, an unholy coalition." " H e paddled the frail canoe against the ever-rolling current" A B E LINCOLN "• was ". brought up." she will find the means to purchase her food. ForOf course I do not pretend to say that all the men in once, 'King Cotton' must abdicate his commercial of her puppies,'were playing rather roughly together, Declaration of Independence shall be recognizedthere. I only speak of it to show that there is very little in what is called "national reputation,'-' and to ridicule the idea that a man must nave this kind of reputation before he can aspire to position.And what is the prospect of the election of tbis " ob-deemed impossible a few years since, has now actually occurred, and Georgia, Mississippi, and other States are importing their food from Illinois and Indiana. During last season, Missouri supplied this demand, but she willuntil Friday night last, when he woke up with a burning thirst, and endeavored to drink some water,tbe City of St. Joe handbills are pontod for a Republi-can rally and torch-light procession this evening. Thoscure" man without a " national reputation !" Let us be unable this year,for her crops have in a;great meas- look at the signs of the times and judge.to his wife in regard to the dog biting him, and said heure failed, while the demand, then light, is now almost middle passage of a slaver. Hundreds perish by suf- monious, and united, is now divided, disheartened, and incalculable. The completeness of the failure in the,n. To procure amore efficient law for the suppres- promise theSws **£«* ** slave-trade have been could not be shaken off*. So, the "Eternal Negro,"lin. On Saturday evenitg, thoee who reside in thesion of the slave trade. more frequently viouited tha?» P r i o n s to that time. the favorite of the Democracy, has at length fastenedIII. The admission of Kansas under her present Prominent men of the D e m o c r ^ party m the South himse'f on tbejback of those who have conjoured himDemocratic Courtsin the same section have refused to enforce them! • • ,. , 'he urges his nnwilling victims. They know the fate that awaits them, and, like good Christianpb.il Gophers, as they ftro preeumed to be, are preparing for the last solemn moment. Already are they tuning their voices to Bingthe appropriate lines:" Hark! from the tomb a doleful loond: My ears atteiid the cry:—Ye hviug men, come view the ground Where you mw»t ibortly Ue!''A few desperate men, however, willing to grasp at,any shadow, pretend to think that the election may gointo the House and thus cheat the people of their choice. men of Essex, are to unite upon Richard S. Pay, ofthe middle of his aerial route, one of the pieces ex- ploded and set fire to his clothing. There was no time to halt and extinguish the flames, and the modernlitical fabrics which recognized the right of man to bo free. An Administration may aid but it cannot check the onward tread of the American people.St. Joseph is growinginto a city of aiuch importance.•which had been approved by a vast majority of her cit- izens, prohibiting Slavery, forever!There is not the remotest probability of the success ofsuch a scheme, and all true lovers of the country oughtto rejoice thatit is so. Who desires to see the electionof a President become tbe subject of the bargains andthe corruptions which would be tbe case if made by the meetings. Among other items, here is one showing House?' It is 8aid,fagain, that, constituted as the HouseThe Democratic party, once so powerful, and har-almost disbanded ! South it is bard to contemplate." • .; The cause of this is apparent. The repeal of tbeworse, and barked like a dog, turned summersaults inMissouri Compromise agitated anew the Slavery ques-tion, and the work is accomplished. The " Old Man showing themeelves enthusiastic for Lincoln and Ham-now is, an election cannot take place, and tbe Senate would elect Gen. Lane Vice-President, who would thns become the President in fact! Who wishes a man elected to the Presidency, in effect, who is not a can- didate for it ? Thisis all the merest spesulation. There is nothing real about it. 'Let us look at the -reality before ue; The Statestheory of a portion of the Democratic party. If it has which voted forFreemont are certain for LINCOLN. the case permitted. A pole 107 feet high was raised.I V . — A Revenue Law discriminating American-Industry.in favorof11 Wm. Cowman, a devoted Republican IMng in thenorthwest part of Marion county, got up a Republicangathering on his premises last Thursday.' He went onthe principle of individuaHiability—made ample prep-arations for feeding the Sovereigns—sent for speakers,and depended as little on outside help as the nature of Congregational Church in Northfield engaged him to"Vatapeoples!" <'CRUISE~' '<'YACHTThe expenses of the National Government must be. paid. There are only two modes of doing it: by direct taxation or by imposts. .OF.THE NEW-YORK .SQUADRON.W e claim that the Government of the United S»ateshas not only the right to acquire territory, but togovern it when acquired; otherwise we should beplaced in the absurd predicament of owning propertywitbouthavingthenghttocOna'olit. jj the party has not haJthe ascendency. did not vote'for him are Pennsylvania, New-Jersey, •flocked to the meeting from all quarters. EffectiveDirect taxation has been, of late years, a favoritenot yet been-established, it is because that portion of No nane man doubis that fact. The Free States which -Ah eEtb-aisiastic assemblage, numbering 1,500 persons,supply their pulpit regularly, and the Rev. Leonard W. Bacon, conceiving it improper for one who was un- der discipline to,exercise ministerial functions, and' wrong in the Northiield Church to employ him, set about correcting the evil; The matter was taken out of the reach of the Association by the Northfield Church declaring itself independent. It insisted uponCorrespondence of The N. Y. Tribune.YACHT SQUADRON, NEWPORT, Aug. 13, ?S6*0. IIndians, Illinois, and Californiai Oregon has since speecnes were delivered by Messrs. E. Sells, Withrow, Thofre of the Democracy who favor raising a revenue been admitted. In each of theee States, the Democratic and Atherton. The crowd was greatly larger thanAside from this proprietory right, howeve', the power of Congress to make all needful rules antf regu- lations for their government is granted in the Consti- tution itself. ,,This power has been sanctioned and enforced oy every department of the Government, from its very foundation until about ten years ago. In the compro-mise measures of 1850 its exercise was deemed un-necessary, and therefore inexpedient; but the powerwas not yielded by the great advocates of these meas-ures. It may be that it wiU never again be exercised, manufacturing—thereby retaining among ourselves the. day for our country/ That day, indeed, is alreadyas tbe Republicaoeonry propose to use it whenever it money which would otherwise be sent out of the coun- breaking; the beams of light are already bursting uponmaybenecessarytopreventSlaveryinTerritories try,inpaymentforforeignmanufactured'goods. ourvision. ^ ..• 1BOW free. Take, for instance, the article of railroad iron." We It is said, however, that Col. Lawrence Mi Keitt of rains for the last two weeks; wheat all harvested—aThe Squadron, as vou must be aware, on Friday ro turned in part to New-London, and som» put into-' Stonington, while two or three took their chance and! ! dropped anchor wherever they could. On Saturday * all of them made sail for this port, and joined the few *by imposts, however, say it shall be done alone for thatpurpose, without regard to its effect upon the industryparty will bave two electoral tickets If there were but one, there might be some doubt as to the r,esult;was anticipated; and the entire exercises were of the most,felicitous character."of the country.The Republicans, like the Whigs of old, favor the but, divided, as the vote will be, no man, in his sober—On' the afternoon of the 11th inst», the Republi- having the ministrations of Dr. Richards. The matterpolicv of assessing a specific duty upon such articles as moments, doubts the result. One hundred and fifty- cans of Moravia, N. Y., in number about six hundred. come"most into competition wLh articles manufactured two electoral votes will elect. Mr. LINCOLN will re- ae8embled and raised a Lincoln and Hamlin flagstaff.was then transferred to the columns of The Independ- that succeeded in getting through oh Friday evening. ent, end several articles published touching the case.Of the last one a correspondent of Tlie Winsted Her- The wind now- is blowing a gale from the north-east. .ald says: Richards's son came from New-York on To-night the ladies of the Atlantic Hotel/give thoThursday night, bringing Tlie Independent containing yachtmen a hop, snd the.- owners are requested to goan article reflecting severely upon the Doctor and in full dress—a long-tailed blue, with half a gross of | which was shown him on Friday morning, July 20. He gilt buttons and lots of lace.immediatelybecamemuchexcited,andsocontinued, Ourordersaretoproceedinthemorningto New- through the day and night, and up to noon of Sat- Bedford, and have a regatta there on Wednesday. I pre- ,sume the Squadron, will then disband. Some of the . yachts will return home at once, and others will con- ! tinue their cruiee for some, time longer. The Scud,< from Philadelphia, joined us here. There is no news of interest to communicate. The weather is so roagh that few of us venture out, even, to visit our friends. Newport is gay, and well fi'led; but the fashionables •how live in the cottages in preference to residing at the crowded hotels. " Mi.voo.. * .•,..- • a•'• *•AMERICAN IsRAM.iTES.—The Board'of Delegates, from the various congregations of Israelites in 'the UnitedStatesclosedtheirseaionalastsightatthein this country, and upon the mere luxuries.The reason for this discrimination is, that it operates as an encouragement to our ov n people to engage inceive the vote of every Free State, except California,giving him 179—27 more than sufficient to elect Aiim. Spirited addresses were made, and everything passedThese facts are the prelude to a bright and glorious off in the best manner. ,have in tbis country, an abundance of iron ore and South Carolina, snd a Mr. Yancey of Alabama,~intend fair average; corn will be an extraordinary crop; so, urday ; having, as all his family and others testified,leastintheir*ownopinions;butitisneverthelesstruedisappointed have they been in not being able to ob-Other great interests might be mentioned, but thisnecessity and wisdom of this measure of Republican that respect, let the SouthernTpublic themselves judge. —Tht ChicagoP7ess and Tribune republishes from for the assault upon the Wrong person. A complaintThis IBa Gdyern«ent of law. No matter who may Tlie Globe the subjoined speech, made by Stephen A. was made by Dr. Francis Bacon against Dr. Richards IV .—A reform in the abuses and a reduction in the- be legally elected, the patriotism and loyalty of the for assault,: he was tried before a justice and put underexpenditures of the General Government.people ti all. sections will.see1 that the inauguration Douglas in. the United States Senate on the 17th of $200 bonds to keep the peace.... Mr. Bacontettilied that sfiall take place. Any threats to the contrary are too May. It is a document which every man who takes he thought Dr. R. intoxicated, but (he general impres-It has been the experience of the world that menlonginpowerbecomecorruptandextravagant. His-tory bears proof of this on every page. Those whocontrol the affairs of this nation are not exempt fromthis common frailty of mankind. That a continuance man in the Southern States will accept office at hisof power in the hands of the Democratic party BOlong hands. There need be no fear on that account. Even ing of Jefferson Davis; who was determined thatintelligent men. Frequent changes are necessary for affected with the officeholding mania as they are, ^WfcenGodoreatedman,Heigavehhndomanouioyer thepurificationofthebodypolitic. wouldnotrefuse1exemp ary, and useful member of swiotVphis behavior Committee have full power to transact the business ofwhile amoDg us having been, to the best of our knowl- the Society, as the emergency of any particular oaso edgeandbelief,notjustly liabletoreproach, mindinghis own business, doing good to many, doing harm to may render necessary. Addresses were made by aev-oral of the delegates, sad the Board adjourned.•• •,. »; ,-....generalities. It will be seen by this unwilling confession that Mr. Douglas repudiates Squatter SovereigiUy,XbSe hH^'poieeas, way deetroy, may reduce to j show the lavish and wasteful expeaditareof the public a'proceefiion of office-seekers was formed in thiecity to acknowledges that the people of a Territory cannot setT ^ w e d e n y . What is property? L & S - i i jfo%hofthTair, and the nmabftants of the great f ep I shall not detain you with a detailed statement to A few days after the-inauguration of Gen. Jackson,<"»—The Germans everywhere in this country arerestrain, and after much suffering, died on Suaday.—On tbe 8th inst. Blondin met with a serious acci- wben they acquire the size and strength of nationalthe spirit of the people: ,. '.on the first railroad na Kansas, and soon the iron horse will be pushing on after the shadows of the settinirsun,—A correspondent hi Warren County, III., writes thusconcerningthecropsandpolitics:"Wehavehadsion wat—laboring under a temporary inwinity brought sillytobeseriouslynoticed. aninterestinpoliticswooliidowelltoread. It was aboutbythearticleinTlieIndependent. Ontheeven.,But the Disunionists say that Mr. LINCOLN will be made subsequently to the two-day effort of ita author mg of the 6th of August, a meeting, largely attended, Cooper Institute. By-Laws and Boles to regulate tho«unable to carry on the Government, because no gentle- in May, andwas fished out by the persistent catechiz-^ I p ^ N f e W n t b e x e c o ^ i z e d meaning of that term. has produced this result, will be admitted by an* candid, the Democracy of that section of the country, so Douglas should no longer skulk behind unmeaning Dr. Richards. They resolved that he was a "capable," J S ^ - S S s u W & as granted that *b£e» aremight beexpedient in vindication of the character of meetings of the Board were adopted; but ho business of any importance was transacted. The ExecutivotUntitled DocumentQrgantc''Act ''offfboVgte4a I JHe in effect jastifies the•• . - . . 1Let everybody read it: ',MR. DOUGLAS—Regarding Squatter Sovereignty's,one wilk be the ' bnsy, busy bee.'—TheBvffald Commercial Advertiser says that --"''- l /'--••--,u-"— 3 ! * r , ! , .. j$&cb tbis point. Now three days and two nights under the Constitution and laws, have Legislative••Gov. Hunt ** has made himself the representative manr of what the common sense of the people looks upon as tent with the Constitution-of the Unites States. Thati1 the slaveholder have become more enlarged. v 13accomplish the forms of their undertaking. slave labor bas become more profitable, the rights^ of of the whole country should be promoted by wise, na- yet, driven on by an immitigable destiny, he finds him-Constitution of tbe United States, the Courts, to whoraappeal ni*y betaken under the laws, will correct,their deer and buffalo. All the roads over whieh w e passed!Suae iGovervote wtional legislation; but it never will be until there is awoiked up to time with wonderful precision. lint theIt is thrown out that a union of the Anti-Republicans self suing at the door of the man be despises for the errors. That is all. ready gi1 3 The invention of the cotton-gin and the consequent change in our rulers, now at hand."* Gwfjsl—I ask the Senator whether he says the people prince of roads is the Erie, with her wide tra'-k, spa- w a s V41 must beeffected before money can be obtained in New- increase in the value of slave labor cannot change con- VIII.—The speedy construction,, by Government privilege to come in out of the wet." "Let those'cious and magnificently fitted cars, and her intelligentand gemlemanly conductors. Commenting upon the DOUGLAS—I state this: I see finm the newspapers, Jarge and fine appearance of the Erie conductors, I•I 1III I\[ * »effected, the material aid will notbe wanting.The two principal names that will be before theConvention to-morrow for the Gubernatorial nomina-tion VBill be ex-ControBer Sanford.E. Church and ex-and suppose it to be true, that an organization has been set up in Carson Valhy, called Nevada Territory, and the people have elected! a Governor.GWIN—•That is in Utah Territory.DOUGLAS—Yes; but it is said a portion of the set- tlers are over the line in California* and some in Utah, but it matters not. It doe8 not change the effect, for if it all be in Utah, it is an act of rebellion against the Territorial Government, established by the Govern-was told that the road could turn out eighteen men w*-o would aversge 200 pounds.We were well entertained coming through Ohio. First, at Fremont there was a grand celebration of the anniversary of Col. Croghan's victory over the En- glish, when, wi'h 19 men, one cannon, and threa ronnds, in violation of the orders of the commanding; officer, tbe Englbh, of 3.000 men, were forced to-re- treat For this technical disobedience, resulting in aiYosk City *>r the campaign—that such a union once' stitutional law! Is it possible that our Constitution, ofaid, of a Railroad to the Pacific..Little need be said of the importance of this greatenterprise. The mighty empire, so rapidly extendingitself on the shores of the Pacific, must be attached tous bv mutual interests and intimate, intercourse, or theday may come when it will set up for itself. s Nothingwill contribute so much to prevent such a result as the8pesdy construction of this railroad. To say nothingabout it as a mere question of the profitable m vestmentof capital—nothing, of its becoming the "highway ofnations—nothing of the immense wealth of the Indieswhose more humble life and freedom from the diplom- of California set up a Squatter Sovereignty like thatat Pike's Peak? . "5,000 v one w nomin» ed- A thM^how rt trary-which we so often boast, was fixed up by our fathers on the 8lidiDg-scale prmciple to be governed' by the fluctuations in the volne of negroes! And'yet, accord- ing to Democratic construction such seems to be the fact.Sesater William U . Kelly. The latter gentleman willscarcely cars to be placed on thecourse with a cer- about Mr. Douglas and his supporters. Although thatacy of politics enables them to choose for themselves, decide whether or'no Gov. Hunt is to be followed, blindly and recklepsly, to political ruin, or whether, being free agents, they will act and think for .them- selves, untrammeled by the cunning sophistries offered for their acceptance." • ,.—j&ie Louisville Journal, the highest authority in the Belleverett party, says that the letter of Mr. Daw-tain prospect of defeat.the fortune of war, and has a liking for appearing be- J6» the loot-lights. FOB.THE MEASURES or THE REPUBLICAN P ARTY REMARKS MADE BY JOHN D. DEPREES,Of ISOIAtfA,gentleman has aeclared'that he did not care whether or not Slavery be bolted intoor out of the Territories, a great number of his friends in the Free States do care. Many of them are honestly,opposed to permitting Slavery in the Territories, and think it would be pre- vented i f the doctrine of " Popular Sovereignty" were carried out. ,But, this doctrine is repudiated by the very Conven- tion which nominated Mr. Douglas. If it be doubted, read tbe following resolution then adopted:JUtolved, That His in accordance with the Cincinnati Platform that, daiing the existence of Territorial Governments the mean- ure of re#trfctiona. whatever it may he. impwed hy the Federal Constitution on the power of the Territorial legislation, over the subject of dome-tic relations, as the same has been or shall here- a<ter be, finahy determined by'the Supreme Court of the United States, should be responded to by all good citizens, and enforced with promptness and fidelity by every branch of the General Government. • tfewed * Cvmn auopi-! fundi- B«-pu»i them iIn r» can gi'*1jny ywnj have toIf he las swidnil Dor- like toOf theP c m o e i . time alt hemt«ie| fightineq Jack (wl* Oiitu',41 wbethe' expa*'* so-calin a<* thanthe ahSliTCotkt fitSIK: tiniable*' Pub!i< ""tluit 1 **hav* I " princi] -" are acci " matrim « to ths fPermi . error:dr»wu f from to< and >iai iu Fran- l a w , h* tAmpiati poelti^u eadh in vent i't* dhripatithewi-^i trite, »n atf&in>c"lh* c irrev<'<« whatev* take* :>1incut •>!" of pr-'p* wile isi tract cai only by of w uu<ingmar: have i*nmany COUM',Lit:tk." p)a a notary void.'Marri France ilaj<'r BubfUi'u' preeeuc* the muu their im to their th«> <a tiflcate ' cetemor ity in ?h •of civil sciem<-snevtr i let {wop to, mar. in us* si and ui«u from anjoin piny State, i cons««jui hy a n< xnilation thew u fact,th record* dI» it n againstteruih o knew th plead igWeak giou is s and Govtion ot the ot» turtu by coctr:iry that tbe eider m that th< enitu'ut stated in»tai>t.S prieto. jnandof constitut which « revelatk confesri<Let th the coot niarn' t<will beToth* ft St a:awarl ofTa* history, the ***• S j r i n i but eiiu and w h ratbeiMr. Church is better used toPermit me to digress a moment to say a few wordsIn anwhich must paas over itj tbis alone is considerationenough to demand its immediate completion., Why eon of Alabama, .which we published the other day, ment. That is the Squatter Sovereignty I am against. grand victory, Croghan lost bis sword, but it was im-should it not be'done? ... places the distinguished Presidential candidate of thatThe "eternal negro" which the Southern Democracy party "in a tme Ijght before the American"people. CORRECTION—MR. V AN HORN.continually force upon the country prevent it, and Southern Disunionists may and will no doubt continue To the Editor 'of The N. Y. Tribune.mediately returned. It was right it should be returned with honor, for it had covered his country's history with glory. Here were banners flying, processionscalumny to promote treason."—•The men engaged in the Wyandotte Mich.. Roll- presiding over the deliberations of the House, and dittinctly on we came to Toledo, where the freemen of Ohioproposed to be established by toe advent of the Repub-lican party to power, what is there in any of theca towhich a reasonable objection can be made? We findin them nothing about placing the negro upon an equal ing MiDs, four hundred in number, held a Republican voted against every proposition put in that direction, and to were gathering in council. Wide-Awakes, neatly at->.h«s been the fact, it exists no longer. Indiana, ss> long is that' meaning ? It is this, and no one will political and socialfooting with the white man7 as dem- meeting last Saturday evening, and raised a Liocoln sustain the manly and clear vetoes of the Governor. Yon will do tired, and a large procession of citizens, passed throughdispute i t : The Supreme Court.has decided, agogues rant about. ; Nothing about the "abolition"'of •nder the control of what is called Democraicy, will or will at some future time decide, that Slavery exists Slavery in thejSlave^States—nothing of the violation ofjust M certainly be redeemed in November as the elec- in the Territories by reason of the Constitution of the any of the rights of any of the States.and Hamlin Flag Staff*. They were addressed in Eng- lish by the Hon Wm. A. Howard and Wm. P.me ithe justice to'make the necessary correction, and greatly the depot, with spirit stirring music. A few momenta obligeyourobedientservant, ,BURTVAN HORN, delay,whentheimpatient engineansweredthebugle-of all these bills over the Governor's veto, I was in the chairout an approving whistle, and -we thundered on, and^^•V. "'to all such Squatter Sovereignty. ' If that is what the and reached here Friday evening, making the wholo Senator referred to, lam againtt it. Ail tsa^is^ the I ^htance hfsixty hours, or about 25 miles per hour*Member of Assembly,'Hd District, Niagara Co. ' blast by piercing shrieks, and we were darted throughno trace, of him appearing. His wife, young and at--loojked sad and desolate.' Leaving Quincy on Fridayworld moves. The steam engine, the civilizer of na- when be was seized with a violent spasm. He spoke tions, will scatter the shadows of ignorance.his bed witha strength which two men were unable toA great country! Yes, says a Democrat, thanks to was sure he had been poisoned in some way,' and tho Democratic party. No, Sir; in spite of the cor- thought he had tbe hydrophobia He continued to grow ruptions and misrule of Democrattic Administrations. As base a despotism as Buchanan's cannot restrain thevigor and energy of the American people.They may sometimes control Territories where Fed- eral officers swarm, as did the locusts in Egypt; butillvoccasion. self-control h« gained the end of his journey and suc- Stage Company, located here, is a mammoth concerou j•^Auld^a of its extent may be formed from the fact that | —The Boston coirespondent of The Springfield'Re- ceeded in smothering the fire,~ but not until his back over 1,000 mules are required to run the road. From jpublican says that the Bell, Doaglas.and Breckinridge* was sadly burnei v • this point also starts the poney express; the packageswas held at the court-house, to take such measures as'7A . ••••':•-••••j ''.•tithe* •K- .-- •,to &#l/*^'rifi»*' ^* »*"*•"/'*''"? •*" * ^ " 'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 