 ttineotwith ;ai^d distil-'renohm*n.Be and of »witheuefeaetyaJxwt P«t©ffl»^preserve absoribet*,factor* «££.. Nineteenth. tccordingry ibuaterisrn q dee by ithe Shamparty a « position to >n wine andwhich we tbize with embers of y made to sr, Count rial treatyupon the ww statediot well be >rehensrreisidcred as protection ppoae free what will that it can ami privi- ici stifle in n drier to aced over- &t—in fact, >. A tr an- to preaah- all these >e o&childjciaely the We com- Moray, to Ie ofre-- Officers,id Snpplioa. table and she goodone ando to bu*i- his vote, he Presi- pTetty willeuo iltovo^ethe most acy. I n - » lucenionk aboqj. •most vi- gto be theget iato a they take rice of rice served at I be pre-ords will*The Ma-xntxx to— ^hours' ibiirfhing itic Con-rf"tea ime andity have •ornelias""""flTTPO< rTPB-^MjjmrJn,m>,Wt »AWoiliiiirI*T-•••••-Tg(jnil,jg-•a3aT7»TTflfyrxr,/-** HAUTVOKO, Monday, April 2f, T$60;t JPEW-HAVEN,April3—1p*iav>;; Fairfield . Eepub.•SMinquiring under what law of nations he captared Air. DAVIS'S (Dem., Miss.) Territorial resolutions Republics party may ' aseocute polygamy with \ excel at)}thing yet known in California. Tbe ouielz little excitement a t the polls. The whole number of New-Fairfield.<• „'..-' •.•-a;.'.:.''k^-s:NEW-YORK DAJEt*H u S S ITUESDAY, APRDL 3,1860.s,f ~."*K. **' -•RECEIVEDBYFIBST SESSION. S E N A T E . . . . WM^tmw*• s>. Aprii2, i860.ctLere was no ir.tt»nce In whioh Congress attempted to ^o March 11, arrived at this station at about 12 o'clockThe exctf*m*nt is very gresfctbia morning, ax*dt(tJtte voting is prog reericg rapidly. Ti:e vote wid be theSf arnford.. Dirien Greenwich Norwalk.. 556668 445> JVOTEE SSTERFB*E»CB AT VERA CR«>x.own {We, L6^*l5JHDa to show when it wae in a Terri-on Loniinftr.8, Arkansas, and Wissouri WHS taken up. torial coxdit. bn the'-peull . «*«svrere extended /th'ther latgan Frarcreco;.yielditg an averageof $3,000 per tan.•Vv> X>i*pe&bet have &en reeeived f*o<n C*pt. Td r ^s.2149 2056 Maj. 685---..2671 2783| | & S » Navy Department, indoedng commaoscafcv^Wfis to vrevect ibe prejtentaiion to Congress one a t a ^ «f ^beee private land claime. The bill was passed.every other criae.Mr. PRYOR (Dem., Va.) argued that th© q-aestiontvo iuZ work of oiei-jag them had commeuced in six Afferent'plates^ cieating a considerable demand forlicaceare beirg driven from the pohV Tne J&*mo- crata aio ahesd about 200. / ^WAT&RBURY, Monday, April 2—1 p.m?. The election is quietly proceeding, and there is&ttfcNew-Haven... Middletown... Waterbury Banbury Betheli Maj. 249....Maj. 270-.-- . 6t>0 ' 813.• asserts as » right wbat ;-tw3ww clatntd by Englandago, and at acme hazard~ IMPORTANT tAND CASE.jenvedies there were.He regarded the Paderal Uaiosover the Tenitorles for tho^punishment of crime an< Railroad noithwardto Oroville, has become a law..-. „,*,—.•..--• ••..'•>...i . •.-•---Black. The case rests on an alleged Mexican S-aveiy question, presented from the earliest times toin.the small opening mad* vz. tlie ledge.Valuable quartz discoveries are also reported atgrant made to Seuor Santillan io lo46 which was assigned to Mr. Bolton, and by him cooveyed t o Messrs. Palmer, Cook & Co., who 'sold i« t o theth«> p/etent, and cited the first Fugitive Slave law, of '1793, a> lec-gxizing property in slaves, and said h& be- lieved if 6vtr there watt a blot,and blur on the history of the country, it was the Misf-otm Compromise. H e ensfged ibe agitation of tbe Slavery question on theMr. E1HERIDGE'(S. Am, Tenm) eaidtwocolosdpertons > ei e conversing about the mihennium, wh«ntbo hch and Jamb shoJl tie down together; one coi-temed bim'seli by rentai-iing that the time badnot 4^eta.rae; Tibile.tbe oiher s&id, when it did ccme the.lahbwcu'td be foubd inside the lion. [Laughter],' Vehave heie, however, the .lion and lamb lying dovn lumed from a vi*it to the Washoe mines. He informs t«^fc«her, and it/remains for the historian to find butChatham—Seymour's majority is 9,' and two Demo- cratic Representatives are elecwd..- COCRANT OFFICE, HART KORD, April 2—10 p. m. Seymour, in this city, has 349 majority. Hartford County, wiili four towrs to hear from, gives Bucking-San Francisco Land Association of Ptuiadelpbia, eiemiesoftbe Deroocrstic party, hererofore anil now. • tlaeCrovernmtnt contends t^at t^e grd&t was a Atier coiidtmning the holjah d«ed of. Old Brown, lieMr. W*. S. Taylor, arelt-sblo merchant, b«s juet re-f1 fraod, being ante-dsted four y*ar*. Part of-thw icepea tothe political eventsofthe davby ani qnirrW)ioh is the Ibmb and which the lion ? th e Demecjats and RepabJicans harmonize on jhe vej.cd question of the power of Congress over the ?er- ritorietf. That Lis morality might not be quastioied, he said be woucd vote for this bill, or'any o*her, ana 'hie diepotition should be attributed to his early teich- it g of piety. [Laughter.] Ho repeated that this caes- tion brirgs up the whole power of Congress to givcrh tbe Territories, by which Democrats will'be required to stSDd when the question of Slavery iii involved.: The Democratic Catechism has been often revised, aid so rapidly that tbe j.ecp?e were not able to keep urVwith the changes, and now he was required to 8tti that Corgrees t as plerwy power, all on cne side, prcvided it is in favor of the Degro. This was not as yet pub- Tshe^ as tbe last autbori ativo exposition of the "Demo- cratic creed, but it would have iudorsers more reipoct- able than the Helper Book. Incest, adultery and polygamy aie kiid-ed offences. Ifpanisomentrxsy be exune'ed to majyn d persons, they may to single ones. If the law may be applied to white, it may be applied to blanks. Tbe Constitution recognizes Shrveryno moro than it does husband and wife.b £ Vor-v, , , " : . , , i 4 , . A j. zant of euch a case, in September, >857. t beg leave tolots of 361 in the ecucty, if tbo four towns to be heard g ^ my testimony to that already cited, aud thus place• Very tract was covered by Lirn-mt-ur's claim, re- cently exposed in Califoriii*, and by oibers who assert title with equsi afsuraccer The Board of jLand C^mmisaioneis and the District Cou<t io Cdlit the TJOKB was imperiled. He believed tbat one man. m<re thai, all others had broasht the Unon to the very ^erge of destruction by his teachings and advice. That m&n was an aspirant for the hjgbedt office o f the laid, was a teacher of the views o f tbo Republi- can peny, and the' same who recently deliveredfrcm vote as they did lai't year. Senators—Two Democrats are ejected and ono Republican, the tame as laet year. The Republicans gain two Representa trves in the county. • •; , *It is impoerible at tbe prenent time to give any reli- able-opinion as to the result on Governor.' It is be- lieved, however, that'Buckingham it elected.TIMES OFFICF., HARTFORD, Monday, April2,1860.Onr returns ekow-a net gain for Saymour of 1,641 inupon record one more case in oubetantuiticn of the fact stated by Mr. Van Wyck.In the townehip of Extra, ir Ashley Couniy, Arkan- sas, the discovery was made, that a widow named Hill, and a filavo woman, belonging to J. L. M——-, E<-q.,who lived with her, had been murdered, and the booro burned to conceal the deed. The alarm soon epread, end an invertigation was instituted by Mr. M. , » i a connection with many of the leading cilizaos. ' Sus-• ifbmia both snatained the validity of the grant t o a ppe*ch m the Senate. The same man was once Gov- ernor of New-York, and re used to retaiu to VirgiaiaSeiior Santillan.THE CORRUPTrOKS OF THE ADMINISTRATION.• Mr. Cavode*» Committee met tms morning,.but Jftx. Scbell, who bad been notified to attend, was noijprf8ejpt. A n e w Mmrmons ha* b* ea issued for Kim. Mr. Butterwotth was al«o ab^eot, toough io- icrmed ev. Thursday he would be wanred to-day.3There k an evident dispesitioa on tbe pare of wit- nesses connected with the Admm'stratioa to em- barjass the investigation io every possible way, and i o testify only under compulsion. The Committee axe determined t o Bubmit every such case to the House, with a view of obtaining power to coerce Contumacious and reluctant officeholders woo desire.«1 to conceal corruptions of which they are cognizant. / THE PACIFIC RAILROAD.three men who escaped, charged with the crime of ftUalihg'tKves. If John Brown had carried-all the s'ave* of Virginia to New York, Mr. Seward would be a lortunf-te Governor for him in such an event. H e quoted Mr. Seward's Cleveland spee.-.h, showiog that be -sc-ae in favor of aboii-hing Slavery iu the States aud v^olaiins; the Fugitive-Slave Law. He there said that37 towns and ciiies:PALLADIUM OFKIOE. NEW-HAVEN, April 2, i860. picion fell upon a elave named Ike, belonging to aXE&TXx •.::r ;;;;:,r 0mSm8mii ^mm^^^Town*.Bacttagbun. 581Baiwnirium.Pratt.UtAGNETIC TELE6R4PH, V Mr. HUNTER (D«m., VaJ, from the Finauco Com-opejate directly for the punishment of the crime in or- la£t night,F r o m Wa«biafitoa, SpttfelDfapatchtoTheN.Y.Trifrun*.. . . . WASHiKGTOir, Mond*y, ApriV^ jggo#amotdmente, and gave notice that he would cull it up hiatcry in tupponof bis argument.. ,-• ' -v ? <<?-i':•-"-tnwly, Vain!m, for Cailao. -tommrow. .» - .Mr,TAILOR'Dem.La)aleocontrovertedhispc-i» 0IiP&,iv?d&y8otl*8t vcek,thsSanFranobco •. OnmotionofMr,BENJAMIN(Dem..I*),tbebill sitior-butMr,MILLSONadverted.toth&gentleman's BranohMnthascoined$595,000indoubleeagles."paosecommenced i n the Supreme Court to-day. Wil- They knew- no capital and labor States, . now ing and blothemoos farrago, called the Mormon Bibb,Mv'cdl'ed' b v political appirantf, n o r d id th«y aid he cculd not find therein a solitary word •recog&js-dsmps the Slavery question; bnt tfcey placed a claaee ing pih-gaiy as a matter of religion. He did nit, WirfcTthe Attorney. General, opened foe the Gorera- ''n tie Constitution,relative to the escape of fngitives boareve/, pretend t o be acquainted with ail tiefrom justice from one Stite iato another, wh'ch was a po^enr'cs o f tio Salt Lake Saints. The results bf metrt, ard was followed en the other stde by Mason d-stmct snd positive recognition of rights of property in polygamy were seen in the bitter fraits of sedition aid CampbeH of Baltimore. Robert J . Walker will hlivts. It recognized the enns itntional right of ono crime'. This scanoalous crime should be extirpate, speak xtexi, and the argument be closed by Mr. u-az^o have proptity in another man, against the in It was offer frive in the.eyes of nations, and a reproashliam B. Eeed of Philadelphia, who i s associateden feet below the Surface. The gold in these speci- cratic Representatives to the Legislature, and gives mens is evenly diatribe:ed through the reck, as if it Seymour' (Democrat) for Goveraor, 290 majority.bao/been broken and jounded into nmali pebble shapes|- tmd etirred In* tvtule the mass was hot. The 0wnero of Druhfcm gives 19 majority for Buckingham (Ropub-' [the mine claim that the quartz taken from it ia worth lican) for Governor.bers may vote in person or bv proxy.ELLIS H. ROBEIiTS.Kecri.Ury and Tieawwr.NEGRO BURNING,Ceiteapondencc of The N. Y. Tribune., , BIG RAPIDS. Mecosta Co , Mich, >March 28, I860. V• In THE WEEKL Y TRIBUNE of th? 17th insfc., I have just read yenr comments on the denial ef Wewrs, Davisand Gartiell of the fact that, slaves are ever burned atlSMtatSSttmnpoilfeicattai^-*-i>,ff,.m&&LmXm<COMPARATIVERETURNS.I860. 1859.Srywouz.Aorn^i^o. \ Mr.McGLTStTAirD(Dem:^n^t«irupting,s^id TheoverlandmaHc6acn,5?1*bS^nFrAnciucodates522 .151: 347....1483525 6 7 . .. 453<•'' 53&.~. 417 461••.-,;...^:-.»v .__•mittee, reported back the Indian Appropriation bill Mr. MILLSON took.ieBue, referring to Legislative i , 1 ^ 1 ^ bave been no arrvivals. faffed, fOtU, »uly | largeibt ever given in the Stale, and both parties iaVr W i l t o n . . . . ; . . . 51 maj 236 200: gan-'itd Terrtories. •-',-• ,l:^:"-:';-. 160 myC01l£?«nt of victory. ',' ': ':•-,'J U. New-Canaan . . . 34 maj. . . . . 263 247Siratfofd . Tio. ----.200 380 foetheflt>„,.»9jr«s*mentdfprivatelandclaimsinPlod- ; J ,lnirtytoDS,of Washoe silverorehasbeensmelted evfrbeforeirownatthishour. Itiegeoeraftly quiet, Bridgeport.... .1103 ' 1200—..1035 971The weather is splendid. The voting is larger ihairMr BEKJAMIK stated ttat.tiie- object of the bdl for the punishment of mmder, arson, -G^gefyV8,0^ ;l;MucnactiviJ.y existed-at the Napa quicksilver mices, except in tho Tbrd Ward;'where the German Kepnb- Hartford.1«jferes«ed to him by the commandite officers of tit-. •.. The bill to an*horizo *he location of certain-warraota of constirutionfel power is eostaiied by tho uniform Jabcr."c£'.'y?'ift-?'•'.•* •"'•"• -'• • l"'•''«SSteBch aard Spanish ehips of war at Vera C^z, :v^rbennty 1-tndsheretofore wsaed, .«n motion of Mr. policy of the Government. Congress may supervise Tbe quariz-mines In Jack?cn Coucty, Oregon, con- " AMLIN Ijfrp., Me.), was called up and passed. 8r-d annul the crgaiic law of an incipient State. The ticne to yield immerse profits. Tney are reported to. 73235 maj.yV* cilM.nn. Siavery as the twin ielios of barbarism, but he ""die-; tsi en, fro-fev-no robe ia said to bo worth $20,000 perp-nted the philosophy of the classification. He denied tun. f2C0,€00 wcrfh has been already taken from tbe votes pclled is 660. The Republicans are leading byRidgefieldtha Mexican steamers. He decline! giving aoy repljv bat refened-them to the authoriiea here forTVere iir* occasion of hia epesking on tbe State of the getter \sheS driven from the shelter of a, common rm'Bde.Jnthe ledge!'.'.*g an$w<r. Th» question is likely to prore eoabar- •v^^1^ dlJiCUfLJing 5t« integrity, whether it is im- feooritT. In tbe interest of Siavery, he repudiated the Tbe: m i authoxizing Bntte County' t o subperibe Tassicg hereafter, because the Administration now peTilea, ,^kd i f eo, who i s r'eeponnble, and w^iat euggesticntbat ibe power which Congrees poseessef $200,000 toward extending the S»cramsnto V*Uey^••SAULSBTJBT (Dern , Del) said the resolutions that ti^^ staid on the same ground and would fall to-- mine, and £s mocb>moie is vitible in the smill opening 29. The other towns in this vicinity arJ not yet heard iSt. liCsair;C-r-Sfr~-«j Jiiicixion.ST. LOUIS, aiondav, Anr.l 2, 7860.Incomplete returns Of one CourcHman iu each elec- tion d/etrict ind'6ZlA TM& the Republicm* have carried five wards and the Di&ccT^* three. There were no party mm inations in two ward*, JICIP. which independ-from.The vote thus far fctandt: Republican wft, Demo-cratic 416. . . ]• GUILFORO, Monday; April 2—1 p.,m, - Tie votes here are not ooucted until 5 o'clock. Thefrtru ihe North, the Souib, and the thea West, who grees poeisestes over them cannot be perverted for tee ,wi)l)Bgness to''carry a daily .mail between CaliforniaOne-ofibeiroafcimportantlandcasesfromCali- aehifevedacommonl-.bertyfarthemselvesandtheic ben*fitcfsryeecionrepuleiveto*he.jusficaandsub- andPortland,Oiegbn,forthegamepaytheSteamship lican.•, •• 'J^';. fcftaa--Tbe United Scatea agt.. J. R BoIt..n--tn- poire^Jty. After that came the formation of the.Fed- •vertive of the equali'y of the Statsa. v i "-,:\'. Company receives' for carrying a tri-monthly mail be- volvlbg^jtiterests estimated at nearly $10 0C0,6HK), eral Union, and there were conflict* than which were Mr. HOOPER (Dem., Delegate fr<5cf C^ahj-sai! ! tWeen San Francif co and PcrUaiid.not ineprf saibJe. Ourfsthere differed widely, but did Po'jgamy waaapaitof the Mormon religious faith.; .A r6SpoDfible merchant of S+n Francisco has paid a **ir; covermg a laTge part of 8 m Francisco, was r>ot a>mn»o a moral government over the woxld. •Mr. PkYOR replied—He had examined tbo disgeflr visit to the Jackson County, Oregon, qinr z mines, aodmil b e tbe suppreps'on of p ^ g » W Jperverted for thj Tbe people of Stockton ore taking active steps to- dcttiuctjon cf ilia rigbiV* and interests of persons hold' ward opening a trade with Carson Valley, via the Biging eb.ves. The Territorit.^ ftie the common property ;Tollrotiie.;.:;;;-:"•'-•••';.• "''•.."".;; ;'•"-:yews ago yiuae tbrt'Bevofatton was fought, bytnode of ibe ptcplo of tbe United Su^»Sr and the ppwer:edn« The' California Stage Company have expressed -a probability is that the town will be strocgly Repub- ents wore elected.:$20,GC0to the turn They have already taken $200v000 Cromwell gives 69majority for fteymour. terferencepiSnaks. He-proceededtodidms3the tocivilliberty'. ! Woithout,andcanSeeaamuchmoreofequalrichness Port'andgives379aajoriiyfor'Seymour." Slaveiy mnetbe abolished, and you and I must do it."Be alto quoted from his letter to the colored citizens ofAlbany that they had a right to complain of the Uoion,a* it did cot give them equal rights wir.h others. Whenthe Republicans assemble aroand the Conocil'Board atChicago, *nd call the roll of States, and there are noanswers from the States 'where rest the remainscf Washington, Sumpter, and Marion, and nominate acandidate to rule ever these subjected provinces, whohad to'd the colored people that rhey had a ri«;ht to im-pugn tbe memories of these Fathers of the country,perhaps the parent sons of these Fathers wiM submitto tie yoke. The motto of the banrer of the Republi-can party was lawlessness,'and the party was boundto rotbiiJg, and its actions were only determined byexifexcies. I n conoju&kn, he said Delaware was thefirst to adopt the.Constitution, aDd will be the hiet to tOToiction of Slavery by unfriendly legislation. 1Bat he abandon it, and advocated the harmony of toe Demo- would vote for the bill, because he be'ieved CougressIn 85 towns, or more than half tbe Sta'e/heard from, Buckingham (Republican) leads over 1,000. This includes heavy majorities in JrJiddietown,• Water- bury, and mofrt of the Democratic districts. Tne House is Republican by an incieaKed majority, and the Senate probably the Eame. . •The majority for Seymour in this city is 685. BRIDGEPORT, M6nday, April 2,1860.named Perdue. Ike was whipped nearly to death, in- order to extort from him a confession, bnt he persisted1 in denying any knowledge of the affair. Mr. 31 . then poured upon his bleeding back spirits of turpen- tine, and set it on fire! Ike then confessed that he and a negro named Jack, belonging to J. F. Norrell, werehired by cne Miller, to assiet in performing the deed. One feet, lowever, greatly invalidated this testimony,A i a meeting of the Pacific Railroad Committee,Mr. Phelps submitted resolutions for a single route cratic party, a« tsudiog to destroy the evils which wonM always have too much good sense to do it.Senator from the Xih District, has 83 majority. Siamfojd—Buckingham.- 581; Seymour, 566. Darien—Buckingham, 151; Seymour, 147, Greenock—Buckingham, 453; Seymour, 538. Norwajik gives.100majorityfor Buckingham,-andNew-Canaan—34 majority for Buckingham.lars. Jack was, however, immediately arrested and brought before the regulators, and certain circumstau- . ces eeeming in some degree to corroborate Ike's state- ment, stakes were driven into the ground, and the two slaves chained to them. A. large quantity of fat pine was piled arxMrad them, and J. L. M set it on fire! In. a few minutes, nothing but charred and blackened corpeee remained, A subscription was circulated t oon the 38th parallel, with the condition that if thatwas not accepted, the road should not go sooth ofthreatened the TJ&ion.[Laughter.]". . ;,„.,.._ ..,_ -::..J .. Mr. SINGLETON (Dem., Mjes.Kasked.wh?th©r thejflr. -rEN"EYCK (Rep.^ N. J.) said New-Jersey alwayshadbeentruetothe Union and Constitution,gentleman; by vaingsfoj this bill):TQteylforiike princi-;i,, piethatCongresshasthe right,toIabolish;;Sayery;hr;; .Mr. LAMAR (Dem., Miss.) inquired whether the geiiilem^n main'aii.ed and asserted the power of Con- gif PS 10 pufcie* Slavery and crime in tbe Territories. -The vote in this town to-ds-y is the largest ever- and tbat was, that Mr. M and Mr. Norrell were" Mr. ETHERIDGE replied, he was showag the difficulties gentlemen may have, for fear they will not fee tbem. Whoever votes for the bill, does so with a cabinet understanding that Congress has power t o punish adoltery, and may extend the power U the ha-polled here- For Governor, the vote etards as follows:deadly enemic-?, and Ike muet have known that nothingthe35th,ornorthof the 41st' Mr. Kellogg pro-posedanamendment,embodyingMr.Guitis'sprop- asunderstoodbytheirframersandthestatesmenof .theTerritories.,j';-- .:, '-^:&.:i:}&^:-\iMii'/&:?:&^Jie^^|foss,;|15,0('q. '••'•\i •,...,,..<.' electstwoJRepublicanrepresentatives. T>e|electionthat day. The question wa» not now Slavery m the MS. ETHERIDGfi"repeated that he would vote for A telegraphic dispatch from Yreka last night says osition substantially as the basis, with some modifi- States, but its extension into Territory now free. \ N o the bill in order to scour off this nauseating offense, that George Ieh and three others concerned in the Ish cations. Mr. Winter Davis offered a proposition or e pretended, except a few enemies of the Consmui^f and^becaufie be- thought-Congress conldproJiibit it in claims at Jacksonville, Oregon, have arrived at Yreka, tion, tbat Congress had any right to abolish Slave.y in Utah. It extends its provisions to blacks as well as en route for the Atlantic S'atee. A ledge of almost layiag down three points, a s descriptive o f the tbe States in sny way, but the question was as to whites. Aa to the operation on Slavery, the oaly solid gold has been found on their claim twenty feet neral direction o f a route, viz., S t Joseph, whether in the broad domain, the common property of guarantee he had was the good sense, liberality, and below the surface. Thomas Corough was offeredidger Pass and San Francisco, with an outline of the Union it should supplant free labor, enterprise and lair dealing of Congress. J80,0C0 for bis fifth interest, but refused it, saying that industry in the marts of commerce, colleges, schools Mr. PRYOR remarked that the gentleman from the wealth of the Rothschilds would not tempt him tobill t o incorporate a company to build a road. and tbe golden harvests. The different systems of Tennessee said he regarded everyone voting for this sell it.pa«ed off very quietly.Wilton-'gives Buckingham 51 majority. ,-...'. . 1 indemrify the owners for their losses.ter discussing these various plans, the committee labor, slave and free, could exist i n different bill aft voting for the right of Congress to abolish S'av. Sugar roaxket buoyant; No. 1 China brisk at 8?,c ; jobbing says: sectionsofthecountry,butcouldnotintheeryintheTerritories.ThatmightbeandwastrueasBalesofCrushedatIM'&Vtc.1,GC0firkinsofoldButter,atauc-BRIDGEPORT, Monday, April 2—11 p. m. Representatives.—Two Republicans are elected in Fairfield. There is a tie in Stratford. One Democratfjourned till to-morrow evening on Mr. Fenton's eane field a n d workshop. The question was to the gentleman, but he (Piyor) repudiated tbat view tion, brought 8©10c. <y* lb. Provisions very dull; DO sales fromthe introduction o f Slavery into Territory where of tbe question. He observed a distinction between the fleet that arrived to-day- The Market is generally weaker.otion, with the understanding that a decisive voteShould then be taken on a ronte, form of bill, and the prairie. He regarded Slavery as an evil—New-general plan.THE PACIFIC TELEGRAPH.'. The Pacific Telegraph bill was again discussed States. Slavery v? ould have been abolished in many ?'emtoriee. •2>efore the Post-Office Committee, without reaching places if there had not been unwarrantable interfer- Mr.:ETHERIDGE—I admit the power of Congress M u n i c i p a l E l e c t i o n s i n M i c h i g a nences with it. He proceeded to apeak of the Fagitive to legislate over black as well as white perJons, and DETKOIT, Tuerday, Aoril2, i860.4 a decision. They will certainly reduce the price of Slave law, and s.ud New-Jersey had had one of her while this bill does not embrace black persons, Con- At tbe municipal election to- day in Ann Arbor themen are now as free as the wild deer bounding overSlavery and Polygamy under the Constitution.Mr. ETHERIDGE—I know you do; you have saidThe couttry tr6de ia without iinorbvement, and the city trade buy sothing until they aio compelled to do eo.Airrved )>stei<?ay, *bip Reynard, from Boston. Today, ships Hany Hastings, Gr«-at Republic, Ocean TelcgTaph, Expounder, and Good Hop*, all from New-York; Danish ship Carolina, fromand one.in TrumbuILWinelow, Democrat, for State Senator, is elected. Ths Democrats are now marching in procession andto di6! nothing can save you; and now, tell me truly, as you hope for hsaven, are you guilty?" Jack an- swered from the flames, "Master, I don't know anyJersey abolished it early, and then hoped others would, so. I was on'v speaking for myself. ,but because they did not, it was no reason .he should Mr. LAMAR—My qneetion is whether Congrees ha3come here and vilify and traducs members of the latter ower to declare and punish Slavery as a felony in the Suiled, ship Sparkling Wave for Itealejo.I ppent the same night and the following day, which messages between the termini, from $4 to $3, and own in force e nee 1793, and they had regarded, it as grees may do so. The gentleman from North Carolina, Republicans elected their Mayor and mobt of the City in the triumph of the Democrats. The total vote was Sunday, at the hocse of Mr. M—, who give mo/probably the Government aid from $50,000 t o obligatory, on them. They had no doubt of it3 'consti- by offering a n amendment, sought t o dodge t h e Officers by increa?ed majorities. polled is 1,600, of which Seymour has 867, Bucking- all the particulars as I have stated them, saying, how- tutionality. In one unreported Chief Justice question. At Adrian the Republicans elected their May or by$40,000. As parties who are applying for this Hoinblower had discharged a Blave because o f Mr. BRANCH (Dim., N. C.) assured the gentleman 90 rrajority. ham 732—Seymour's majority, 135. The Democrats over, that there was no reasonable doubt of Jaok's monopoly have investsd no capital or labor, it would a defecV i n t h e evidence, and had expressed he did not want to dedge. Polygamy uight continue At Graiid Rapids M. L. Sweet, Republican, for carry the entire State ticket by large majorities. F o r gui t. The act of burning turpentine upon the laceratedan opinion o f i t s unconstitutionality, but i t to exist before he would vote for tbe first section of the Mayor, is elected by 15 majority. Representatives—-Brown, Dem., leads Welton, Rep., back, I had from the Dps of Mr. M— bimjelf, who be fairer to the public to open the whole enterprise bad not obtained with them. His people were bill. At Jackson the Republican candidate for Mayor i ' 172; Cce, Dem., leads Chase, Rep., 134. Of the ad- rather boasted of his ingenuity in thus eliciting testi-iocompetitionbysolicitingbidsasforcarryingtbe infavorofexecutingtheFagitiveSlavelaw,andhe Mr.ETHERIDGErepliedthatthegentlemanwas electedby.about30majority.jnails.cited a case where a representative of the State (ifr. willing to face the responsibility by vo&iog against tbe Stratton) advocated it, and Bent three slaves back to bill j but, at the same time, afforded by hie amendment bondage in a cise before the Court, yet he waa ecnt to a narrow plank by which his friends might escapeAt Owatso, Amos Gould, Democrat, for Mayor, has joining towns, as far as heard from, fiye towns give a mony when ordinary means had failed. Mr. M— was200 majority. Republican majority and nine a Democratic majority. a candidate for the State Legislature at the electionAt Ypsilanti, Fallett, Democrat, for Mayor, has over Of these 14towns the majority for Buckingham ia53. held in August, 1858,though I think hewasnot elected.100. majority. The Democrats appear to take their victory quietly, I have given true names and can give the names of At Niles, the Democrats elect their entire ticket by.;The Judiciary Committee of the House will report Congress by a very large Republican vote. He con- from the .burning wreck.THE PRESIDENT'S PROTEST.tended that the principles of the Republican party Mr. TAYLOR oppoeed the bill. It would be a deadpublican onihePresident'sMessageatanearlyday,fullywereidenticalwiththoseofJeffersonandtheOrdi-letterontbestatute-book.HeadvocatedMr.Branch's50majority. makirgnounusualdemonstrations.- morethanIf0meninthevicinity,andIamreadyatIternate mate tocity*for :muiired •who re- larifor leatatorto the ^in fron- e downe roam twenty ut forty en andAn ac- iabove fee tingestateYearn simored hen he bjectof by herof her leotoe* 30W tO veil as Bwere xt andM of a &. A s for the dgona .Hartto go led onie fact ty the iicity, er; he sic for rpot a in the >f the nessis u- that igheai rmenfcto its ; The i side-lying; of it; e con- 3u»gu-r-iich obvi»Bustaining Mr. Covode's resolution and,the power nance of 1787, and said that New-Jersey would stand amendment, which would apply a remedy for t h e At Pontine, the entire Democratic ticket is. elected Danbury—Buckingham, 35 majority. Wildman, any time to make affidavit to what I have stated. with the Middle States in repelling ultraiem and ex- evil which all eeem desirous snail be extirpated. H e by from 10 to 80 majority. Republican Senator, 34 majority. Sheriff, Seely, Re CORYOON E. FULLER.of the House to order that or any investigation a f- travagance, and beg the other sister States, by the argued that the Constitution is one of limited powers,fecting the Executive or other Department of Gov- memories of Monmouth, Trenton, Saratoga, Bunker and gave no auihority to pass a measure like-that At Flint, ColcTW«ter,and Hillsdale, the Republicans r,ubiic8n, 10 maioritv. This is a reduction in the Re-ernment.Mr.BachananwillfindhehasstirredHill,New-Orleans,andGuilforc^tomaintaintheunderconsidera-tlCi:. ! electtheir^[\-cicKetebyaoouttheusualuityviity. publicanvoteofnearlythreequartersascompared PROVIDENCECONFERENCE.—TheProvidenceCon-ference of the Methodist Episcopal Church elected their delegates to the approaching General Conference, on Friday last. They are the Reverends Daniel Wise, PaulTownsend,SidneyDean,S.C.Brown,audGoo. M. Carpenter. The balloting ctood ae fjllowa: Wholeappeal from the Northern District Court of California, that he had departed from the usages of the party, and felony. Owing to the importance of the subject it Justice, John O. Cole. Justice. of Justice's Gouit,involving the title to three square leagues of San Fran- was interpolating new rules. He proposed briefly to should receive ai calm, and not a hurried conuideratiou. John J. Gallup. For Assessor, James Boyle.cisco lands, waa taken up in the Supreme Court to- deny these chargep, for he had not attempted to inter- Mr. NELSON (S. Am., Tenn.) agreed that the bill The " H a r d ' section of the Democracy nominatedday ; W o . B. Reed making the opening argument for polate in party ueages anything not advocated by our was of great magnitude, and should be carefully con- tbe following ticket: Mayor, Hiram Perry; Recorder,the United Sta'-ee The Court, in view of the magnitude lathers. He would show that in 1822 Congress, by an sidered. After a liberal amount of discussion he would Mattbew McMabon; Police Justice, John O. Cole;of the case, granted the request of Bolton's counsel, express law, overthrew and set aside certaiu laws of move the previous question, say late to-morrow after- Justice o f the Justices'/Court, J . W . Mattice; Windham Counties give Buckingham 1.100 majority. slave-holding. that three hours be allowed each for argument. Florida Territory, a n d went further than noon. Afcseesor, J. W. Blanchard; City Superintendent, 3ST.A motion having been made to adjourn, r«.r. SHER- MAN (Rep., Ohio) saidthey should remidnand continue the debate.WASHIN-CTO.V, Monday, April % 1860.The case of the United States against Bolton, on an For this the chargee had beep brought against him effect declared that an entire community is guilty of Thatcher. For Recorder. Charles Austin. Policewith the last election.Bethel—32 msjority for Buckingham.37 Republican majority.up a hornets nest before this matter is ended. 7»tboAMOciate*Pren.Union.Mr. BROWN (Dem., Mies.) said it was well known• »D e m o c r a t i c N o m i n a t i o n s .For Senator,1that be contended that a Territorial Legislature couldabolishSlaverybynonaction,andthathefavored Mr.i,AMARwaspreparedtomeetthequestionina TheDemocracyofthecityhaveputthefollowing Congressional protection of property in the Territories. spirit o f patriotism, and not of party. The bill in canoidotes in nomination: For Mayor, George H.CoL Brown writes to" the War Department, from that, by. refunding certain moneys paid under the The House refused to adjonrn. D., M. Dugan; City. Superintendent, S . D., C . The returns o f Middlesex, Fairfield and LitchfieldMOWING GRAIN.—A correspondent, who writes from "Oasis, Wisconsin," makes some very sensible suggestions in relation to cutting grain with a mowingBrownsville, that reports1 the mo3t false and exag- repealed law, a n d substituted a n independent Mr. TAYLOR resumed^ and concluded his re- McCluskey. •'.'.•f;erated, are put in oirculotion by persons interested in law i n i t s stead. I t was thus asssrted that marks. : omenting trouble on the Rio Grande border, immedi- Congrees hod the right to protect property in the Ter- The House then adjourned.»Counties will not vary the result a great deal. Bock-ingham is elected without doubt, and both branches ofthe Legislature are Republican by decided majorities, machine, instead of a reaper. He thinks that it can be the House by a handsome increase over last year. mowed much more rapidly than it can be cut with aately before the leavirg of the New-Orleans steamer, ritories He cited the case of a law passed in 1834,for the evident purpose of exercising an influence on where Congrees, by direct law, protected Shivery inpublic opinion i n the States. Hence such reports Florida, wh:ch was voted for by Webster, Clay,sboold be received with the greatest caution. He adds Forsyth and Grundy, and many other illnstrious menthat the Cortina movement was a mere raid, aud the of that Congress and passed through both Houses of saloon;,Savage's jewelry establishment, and Doran'B consideration of 'he calendar. The Committee of Con- tor. It has been one of the hardest-fought battles ever will be saved. It would. then be raked while a Ii(tieThe State Department has written a letter to our proved by President Jackson. Yet he (Brown) was Consul, Mr. Heim, a t Havana, commendatory of his denominated a heretic for advocating now what those partial success in behalf of Liano, a native Spaniard, ilJuttrious men approved.' He stood where they stood, . joot a naturalized citizen of the United States, who wa3 he advocated their acts, a n d asked nothing summoned to military duty. In addition( to other new. Oh ! Senators, how have we fallen. He asked friendly offices, the Captain General will submit the nonewtheor/; yet he had been condemned by Re-it in an amended form; postponing all foreclosureeluims, the sale of the road, and other embarrassments NEW-HA VEN, April 3—2 a. m. waste is in pitching it on the wagon, and from theThe steamer Habana, from Havana 30th ulc, has question to his Government, with a recommendation publicans, and some Democrats, for it. What depth arrived. Tbe markets are unchanged. The excite- that Liano be exempted /rom military doty. Secretary of infamy was foe South'sinking to, to allow these ment a£>out the captured Bteamers continued. I t i Cass hits sent to Mr. Helm for the information of the things to go on. He then referred to Mr. Atherton's re ported that an agent of Miramon is m this city now,The Committee of Conference reported that the Gen- eral Appropriation bill passed by the Senate was re-s jected by the House.The Governor will call an extra session if the bill isnot paesed before the adjournment.The principal difference ja in the matter of the salsries of the Judges of the Suoreme Conrt, the House domandin ( that they should be increased.The salarios of the Judges in Philadelphia and Al leghenv County are increased by the Committee's re- port. The House is still in session.Tbe Senate refused to pfteji the new Police bill over the Governor's veto.The Pony Express.ST. JOSEPH. Monday, April 2,1860.The arrangements are all complete whereby the first pony of the California Express will leave here to- morrow at 5 o'clock p. m. In Order to avoid the delay of letters from New-York and other Eastern cities one day (namely over the Sabbath), the day and hour of starting from here will be changed to Friday of each week at 9 a. m. The next express will not leave till Friday, the 13th day of April, after which it will start regularly every week. Time to Fort Kearney, 34 hours; Great Salt Lake, 124 hours; Carson City, 188 hourtr; [Placerville, 226 hours; Sacramento City. 234hours, and San Francisco, 240 hours. Dispatches will be telegraphed from the nearest telegraph station, which will be reached in about 200 hours. Dispatches ?wjptinmauy point East to any place, in California m about 205hours. Dispatches are already coming in300. objections to this plan of mowing instead of reaping. If New-Haven County complete gives Seymour 978 the grain is stacked, it will not shed rain so well as majority. „ when the stack is made of sheaves; and in thrashing, it New-London County complete gives 600 Republican would bo a little more troublesome to handle theCaptain General, a copy of the instructions to our resolutions of the XXXVth Congress, declaring that' after ammunition, &£Minister to Berlin, Mr. Wright, on the subject of inter- ference with the rights of American naturalized citi- aens.Congress bad no rignt to make a distinction in the property of States going into the Territories, and, con- cluding, contending that this question o f protection•T o l l i n gALBANY, Monday, April 2, i860.The Attorney-General's communication further argues against the constitutionality of the bill repeal- Lug the tolls on railroads, on the ground that it diverts the public revenues for the benefit of private corpora- tions.The GreatWestern Railroad—Fire. HAMILTON, C. W., Monday, April 2,1860.lastyear.Williams's kerosene oil works were destroyed by fireon Saturday night last, together with 7,000 gallons of oil.r-• ; ....T h e I l l i n o i s I > e l e g a t e * t o C h a r l e s t o n . ST. LOUIS, Monday, April 2,1860.The Republican eays that it is aBserted that the Hon. Mr. Hunter of Virgiuia bad addressed a letter to Mr. Herndon of Springfield, Illinois, urging the delegates appointed by the Administration De nocrats of that Slate by all means to attend the CharlestonmajorityWindham Counly complete, 1,116 Republican.ma- jority.mowed grain, and pass it through tho thrasher, than it would to p»«» sheaves. On the other hand, the straw for stock wonld be much more valuable, as it would be *The majority of the House Committee on the Post- was never denied until the doctrine of " Squatter Office are in favor of tbe 8rnate bill for a telegraph to Sovereignty'' came into Congress. He would main- the Pacific, but with amendments reducing the price of tain hia position, and allow no petty-neighborhood.messages 25 per cent. The. Committee are divided politician to whistle him down.as to toe amount of subsidy the Government shall pay. Mr. W1GFALL (Dem., Texas) spoke at some lengthMr. Burch has been appointed a member of that saying, in the course of his remarks, that the people of Committee,inplaceofMr.English,excusedfromser- aTerritorycouldnotadmitorrejectSlavery. The vice. This supplies a representative from the Pacific, South asked that slave property might be placed ou a Which was much desired. footing with all other property. The first propertyIt appears by a statement of The Picayune's Vera man ever had was in men. He was opposed to start-Cruz correspondent of March 21 that Capt. Aldham ing new questions at this < time, and would therefore increasing.., The returns for the last fortnight show an wrote to Mframon protesting verv strongly against vote for Mr. Davis's instead of Mr. Brown's resolu- increase of $12,000 over the corresponding period ofFairfield County, 8 towns, 126 Republican majority; more broken up, atd reduced somewhat to the condi- it will probably be 200. tionin which it ie put by a cbofling or staw-cuttiug ma-Litchfield and Tolland Counties gave 462 majority chine. The proposed plan would be a great innovation,but it has some adS-antages worthy the consideration of licangains. farmers,whoseinterestitistosaveasmuchlaboraawanton and inhuman destruction of English property and innocent life.Th» Constitutional Union Committee to-night de- cided that the Chairman should convene the entire National Committee of Three Hundred, simultaneously.1 with the Convention to be held at Baltimore May 9, to ratify nominations and take steps to further the organ-tion, although he regretted that any had been intro- duced. It was better to lot the Charleston Convention nominate its candidate without a platform, fight the battle, starve out the Republicans, and discuss thesemake Seymour's majority in the County 350.The House is Republican by nearly two-thirds.The Senate, by returns and eatimates, stands 13 Re-publicans to 8 Democrats.If tho towns to be hoard from come in the same aathe copper mining carried on there, or in that vicinity.It appears tbat about 800 persons are employed in themines, and that the wages of Cornish miners are from$32 50 to $35" per month; laborers receive from75cents to $1 per day. A newspaper, The Ducktottn.Iabout 1,000 majority.Eastern Connecticut! ««Behold how brightly breaks the morning !"mines Is said to be good. ,-.-%•—The Memphis Avalanche says that the body of a youngladywasrecentlydisinterred,afteraburialof five years, and that when the metallis case was opened, not only were the body and hair in an excellent state of preservation, but a full bluwnjaponica, placed between the fingers of the corpae, was stttl blooming.—Tfo Crockett Pioneer eays that Mr. T. P . CoUiae, a merchant of that place, published a soanialous piece of pcetry about a Mies Whitwell, a schoolmistress„iii Itization for prosecuting the canvass.« 'TJie Carfttang-Sbaw Case.ST. LOUIS, April 1,1860.HOUSE OF REPRESENT A TIVES.Mr. HICKMAN (A. L., Penn.), from the Committeeon the Judiciary, reported a bill to extend the right o f 8ppefcl from decisions bi Circuit Court to the Sapreme Court bf the United Spates.Eagle, was started some time ago, but, after a short laet year, Buckingham, Republican, will be elected by flight, went down. The copper obtained from theseA motion for a new trial was inunediately filed b y the plaintiffs counsel. In case tbe motion is refused, the ease will be appealed to the Supreme Court..»—*2feet', Schultzwas ahead in the first hundred yards. at Louisville.T h e S l a v e r O r i o n .Bosf ON. Monday, April 2, 1860.Morgan, Chamberlain, and Dunning, late officers ofMXMPHIS, Tenn., Monday, April 2,1760.tives in New-London County alone.[Old Lyme and East Lyme are Republican towns,,The Jury returned the verdict at midnight. So strong was the public sentiment in favor of the plaiatiffthat. the verdict was received with shouts of the people; thAI firing of gum, and ether demouatraibna of gladnwa. .-. ;.-.,'.•,-•...•.•things afterward.Adjourned. »Mr. ELIOT (Rep., Mass.) introduced a bill for the MajorWrightclosedhisargumentintheCarstang*removaloftheobstructionsatHellGate,audabillforConvention.TheletterassurestheDelegatesthatterthisroute.J n SpecialX>hpatchtoTbeN.Y.Tribune.NORWICH, Monday, H i p. m., April 2, 1800.WINDHAM County completegives Buckingham 1,116 majority. [Last year, 623. ]Shaw ease last evening. His speech occupied nearly tbe improvement of Harlem River, which were re-tbey will be admitted to the Convention, and counsels them to pay no attention to what newspapers may pay, and aaviees them to come by the Southern rouses, intimating that fundB will be provided for their ex- penses.^ _;ferred to tbe Committee on Commerce.Mr. MORSE (Rep , Me.) ineffectually endeavored tointroduce a bill prohibiting the Chinese coolie-trade iu American vewelis.Mr. BURNETT objected.The bill for the suppression of polygamy in Utahwas considered. . , . , , . „ , ,•,Mr. MILLSON (Dem., Va.) said this bill should pass with as much unanimity as possible, for the crime of tolygamy was not only extensively practiced, but at- tempted to be legalized by the statute. He argued, in Almost tbe entire business portion of Jacksonport, re ply to Mr. Taylor, that Congress has power over this Arit., was destroyed by fire on Wednesday last. Loss low and degrading imposture, and that the very firateight hoars m delivery^-after which the Jury retired, and in twenty minutes rendered a verdict for the de- fendant.•Fire,tfco.oocj iafiored for $81,000.N e w - O r l e a n s .Unknown won the foot race yesterday for 15,000, byyear alter the adoption of the Federal Conatitation, a.%.-,^ _F i r e a t D a n v i l l e , P a .The Legislature will adjourn sine die to-morrow. The Mansion Houee, Scioth's restaurant, Brown's Both HoUBfie are still in session, hurrying through theing. Less, $15,000; partially insured. Fire supposed to be tke work of an incendiary._•S k a t e r f r o m H a v a n a . NJKW-OULEANS,' Monday, April 2, I860.DANVII.T.E, Pa., Monday, April 2, 1860.accounts largely magnified. Congress without a dissenting voice, and was ap- tailor shop, were destroyed by lire on Sunday morn- ference on tbe Sunbury and Erie Railroad bill resorted witnessed inthis State.. damp, with a horse rake, so that the only chance ofR a i l r o a d s .The traffic on the Groat Western Railroad is rapidly" W e a t h e r R e p o r t .HALIFAX, Monday, April 2,1860. •The first day of April we had fine weather; sk7 hazy. Thermometer at noon 60°; wind light S. S. E.; appearance of rain toward evening. The second a heavy rain fell from daybreak to noon; at noon wind high and in gusts N. E. It commenced to hail at 2 p. m , and a snow storm followed at 4 p. m. Thermome-Old Lyme and Ea*st Lyme yet to come in.ter 30° above zero..'•''..'place to-morrow.Ed.]Untitled DocumentYreka, a lead mine having been opened in tho moun- tain at the bead of Mirer etreot, from which$2,500 was tafcen tbe firs* day after its discovery.The Alia. California that he found 2,000 people at Virginia City eating what they could get, sleeping ou floors and in tents, aid living generally in 1849 style. He vs ent dowu 100 feet into the Mexican claim in toe Ci:mstock lead.' Thie.emen were engaged in digging ihe ore, two in carrying it up to the surface, and three in separating the rich ore from the pcor. Tho vein is about ten feet wide. The ore pays $5,000 to the tun aid grows richer as they go deeper. Tunnels are being dug to reach other points of this lead. ^ A cuonel is to be mn 800 fe&t between the present mining places, and will go under Virginia City. This accoant is con- sidered by The Alia California as entirely reliable.Mr. AJpheup Bull, a banker, is now at the Washoe mines. He writes to a friend', as follows:".'*•TheCountry is unknown, aid much chat is said must be taken wfth a great, degree of allowance. I eaw buttwo elsime that were paying an ounce of the mineral;"the balance are undeveloped—hence their value is all conjecture. To . me i t appears to be a mineral country, and the relative saccees of the ad- ventuic/s, will. I apprehend, correspond with that cf our early gold-iookers in California."A correspondent of The Sacramento Union writes from the Dalle?, Oregon, under data of Feb. 10, con- cerning the new Similkameen gold mines, thit the rfpoitsof ri^hgold fields are confirmed, but that the extent of tbem is not yet determined. Parties that have come into our valley the past few weeks for sup pliep, report th<»t, for seventy miles, good prospects are found, and that the richest of all, some forty miles from here, ia the bar that was first discovered. Fifty- three men left this place for tbe mlne6yesterday. The tide Las fairly cet in, and nothing can prevent a m Ji to the mines'. The snow has left us, and <armsrs have commenced putting in their Spring crops."''';;": By Telegraph to Fresno City.^ •''-'•••••• „ • SAN FKANCISCO, March 13-7-5 r. M,the etaPe in the Southern State?, and aa I was cogai- ham, 7,956; Seymour, 8,26s—mating'a Republican - . , . „ , ' _., , °-Eightbuildingsw*re destroyedbyfireatShastaon-Australia; steamei Sonora, from Panama.ALBANY, Monday, April .2,1860.P e n n s y l v a n i a l e g i s l a t u r e . HARIUSBURG, Pa., Monday, April 2, 1860.F r o mNEW-ORLEANS, Monday, April 2, 1860.NEW-LONDON County—alf but two towns—gives Time 18] seconds. Another $10,000 race is proposed Buckingham 526 majority.the bark Orion, an alleged slaver, are held in $5,000 giving Buckingham 291 to/Pratt 226 votes last year. each for trial. The examination will probably take. ; . . ; ; • , ', .NEW-LONDON, Monday, April 2—1 p. m. - • • *STAMFORD, Mozday, April 9, ISSfl—7 p: mv Greenwich—Buckingham, 452; Seymou/, 538.DTICA, Monday, Apnl 2,1860. The annual meeting of the Asaociatei Preps of the State of New-York will be held, incompliance with the articles of agreement, at The Morning Herald office in jretumed.; He called at The B UUctiiivffrco and exhib- The election is over berer and the vote polled w the Htica en Wednesday, April 4, J860, a*. 11 o'clock a. m. ited,specimens ©f qriar'z taken from tbel<jh mine, sev- largett ever known. Middletown sendrf two Demo- Ofnccrsfor the ensuing year will bo dieted. Mam-MIDDLETOWN, Monday, April 2, 1860—8 p: m.•• "tiii-*£•Seymour, 1,200; Buckingham, 1,103; Sflymour's ma- could have pleased Mr. M more thau to convict jority, 97. Jymes C Loomis;, Democratic Represeuta- Jack, thus tubjecting bis most bitter enemy to a loss of•ive, has 56 majority. It. H. Wioelow, Democratic a favorite elave, worth twelve or fifteen hundred dol-At the time this .occurred I was ia the adjoining .County of Drew, but during the Fall my business called me into the vicinity of the tragedy. I was at the plan- tation of Mr. Norrell, the 14th of November, and thero heard their vertion of the affair, Mr. Norrell toll me thatwhentheflameswererisingtenfeetaboveJack's ia elected in Bridgeport, one in Westport, one in Wes- head, he eaid to the dyfng slave, " I have*, raised you, ton, one in Easton, one in Mojjroe, oae in Huntington, Jack, and I never caught you in a lie. You are goingRidgefield— 87 majority for Buckingham. All the Republican representatives are elected here. wcheering loudly. Bonfires are burning in the streets, more about it thau you do." Mr. Norrell and all his'and the greateet enthusiasm is manifested.The election passed off quietly.Waterbury—The election in this town has resultedfamily believed Jack to have been innocent, aud jehad tear? ss they spoke of him.Ridgfield—87 majority for Buckingham.New-Fairfield—1 majority for Soymour.Eleventh Senatorial District—Republican majority, number of votes cast, 102—of these D. Wi?e received 26—a decrease of 100. 91; S. C. Brown, 56; S. Dean, 54; Geo. M. C*rpenter,HARTFORD, Tuesday, April 4—2 a. m., whole delegation are strongly opposed to all church Hartford, New-Haven, Tolland, New-London andThis result eneuies a Republican United States Sena- reaper, and tbat all the labor of raking and bindingunder which tba Company labor until the 1st of May, Eighteen towns in Hartford County give 398 Demo- wagon to the stack. If pitched from tbe wagon in the1861, and appropriating $600,000 to satisfy creditors, cratic majority. Tbe other towns gave last year 102 barn, there need be no waste; and in the field, waste claimants for labor, materials, etc.The report met the concurrence of both Houses. Republican. Majority for Seymour in that County is could bo avoided with a little care. But there are somelast year. The few returns now received show Repub -Middlesex County gave 228 Democratic majority last possible in getting in their crops.1year, and now , in eeven towns, the Democrats gainCOPPERMINESINTENNESSEE—Acorrespondentto. The remaining eeven towns, i t is estimated will Dncktown, Tenn., writes en'thueiaBtically com^raing108, mo6tly in Middletown.The Republicans have carried allfive of the Senatorsfrom the two Counties, and gained four Representa- She sued him for $6,000 damage?, and gained the suit.867-....'640 ;.754 . 83maj.. . . . . 18may. Maj. 1 Maj. 387 maj. . 96 maj. • . . . .. 32 maj.• •TheState AssociatedPress.54; P . Townsend, 53; Abel Stevens, 15, <fcc. The•m • I I• I , , . Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 