 t\;poaitire;fay Um^to the ^irl who tiiime to the dourtht r Itiave delivered tu Mrs. BurriiX notes aJdressedicouldnot saytbe 11 churchcommenced and we went' snowing, vf^n-Ipromiseu; ;StuartreQiainedIthe next occaaion be came on some railroad business,; ; — Beckwithask-;took a book after an hour u half we was a businessBoyd *be iiifiiaail ;did;;;told him ilial7af CkBriea I«rt«a* Vi. Bank'* Bluaf All Wark.ooantry.^^i^i^ifS'hi^S^lh' ^l *^^ J^ PfSS dieted m.?oMr~namtf^— age; ihare alvayiUved at;:tbeyFarnam andmmoHBiroBOBoasb.; moaths;thenernetothisdpT h*"glK ycxo-gotn $tme«i, itlonboQ, Kmieiii3>«r «6,^if». ''"T^rTima Onr Own•OoirMpoBdmt. THIHD OAT—MoBBua Saauoic, C<>»Tiinm».three times after that Mrs. LurchIn the Sunday,wiOihtm Ltforemarriage when on rl^uto my own Sai^cu;^";M^^*tCimUM Laytoti wu the next witneu called by the;time Im^whimtherewas>earfcaguonyes he came in on business;JuB«, IS, 18Htln.i^; wei.tioc«.uld Michigan;He testified—I have llred in Ciilo»goait whs there two or:;oonplalftaiit.tiaet. May, IfcSO; have knowir Mr. Burch since;to KilT at Mr. Farnam's the Friri»Tereniog before Neasupposed It « asshe^Id, yaooyidoyontUnkbehe wanted adoWBtO'Sf* klAt h*Mnd me to take care ofUi nrden and Ushone, and.of his deposition heretufore taken by order of tboIt was IM7 or 1^Att that MissSp .uloing c*.ne hackside or outside of theshe told me that like to see Mis*;gardener;;Michigan Central1fear's—a Utile tea-yarty company;gjop Faany;KMdan. iniier; and horse, went to market1-61t themUie timeLuri h was not home at the timeMr. think he returned into lolsgfor the house, <tc.on her return from the Eiist; know;; ten she ; ; Mr. and Mrs.came of th«tfoUowiug specimen of his orthography, writ-Iabbout week; on the night of our arrival, Mrs. he called during Uie daything* acquainted;and the;1 ear,Mr. BeckwlthMay Burch ariived homeJune;; 1 think Mr. Siuirthe had been ihore On tiio Sabbath foUowlug we were intending to go;tuok h:m bthind the tree to blm his ring lie said when Mr. oSiruaunrgtelefi he gki»r.e'«d her hind Stuart next called on Tuesday, Jan. 3about It; sald,Ar8t,to tall har U^'Mr.when I went . those things, and Mr. Stuart wouM help me which he:asked 11i4ie town tu see if Mr.; It was a clock and some bronzesMr. dtuart:IpretentedMrs. Burch and Mr. they went across thekeat'teUing ^^ what to da all the liaie in'onpackiug —;; think Misstheythereand that she met hin aath^Do^sandtakingthemout wldchwayIwastoLurchwentwithher ithinkherelumedwithher ;;do It ;away two or three mo-iths;iM*igohim that beforetell Mr. Burch Uiat on the Monday we were la eraulagwhen we were putting the clock on theI ihiiik Mr. Burch wasiitxt >hw Mr. smart at Itie house fn the Fall of 185S;be told me to liftup,andItold himtolifthisnp,andthatbewasnotguess 1 testified to the same day In my deposit ualeU Mr. Burch's employ beciuse 1 would not do as he ii might have been Octobertake care of us; l>e n^ade some excuse— Mr. 1 think heeveninfc ;and Mrs. Neif leit fi*t; Mrs. Biirch then raid BurllBgtun shh was at Mn. Boydl ihit Mr.my end of the clock miupt^oyer;Mrs.Buicktoldmenottospeakto;mantci-plece,knowIt was not in An-said Mr. Turner could take care of us; he remained to Mr.1Stuart, " have solhcthiog to tellI heard Stukft wa* very angry with her bstause stiahim ^,*ii(t 1 said be shoald not talk to me soI believe Hk diUsayand Mr. Siuartlibrarytold hlm.sbe eugiged go Buyd;Mrs. I sa « himtherelutheeveningwhenIshutthehouse\ip I;mysisterMr. Stuart camethat Mr. Stuai t asked her i Mr. why fbeproBlMdBorcii told me to^ down stain, whicti I did ;tbe more than grajwryturiiod I anived in ;Chicago at one o'clock Satur-after me und asked me1 ran and away,coaU see Mr. Stuart in the room.aht^.H ttie teuMt at ten o'clock when there was noingnlgbtcomiwnyttieieuntil they were goneI was to wait I went up a second tUnu, amiif there wasmy havingtoldMm of Mr. Stuart's klsvcompany,Tin. Bmch called to me, and told me I could shutman shesaidthathewas ;;USy, Ui*- time ol the Mational Fair; don'tcoming to teathat he had iri; me at .Stuart's buu^e, and Mr. Burch saii Mrs. and she would him aha;I went South to tee about land for sale went aluau ;nrtmhed to take tea with Mrs. HowardLad written the lote saying that a vlol«ot hei'lacheDurchought not to have permitted it ;1 wrote tne wemld not be.bvtthe howe, and go to bed, which 1 did•n^; Mf. Stuart were playing checkers or tackgUMnon with a board on th^ir knees dayscoming.l>pck to teadid not tell stayen some time, then weut down and could fiai no;nmscrawling hud, in response to a request "fr"ot^n tI-l*e*"r*e-**; Am. Dora left in or;not call youngpleas.nter ladlts were at bornefirst be- with Mrs. Burch in Octoberpies&ionsI she he Ac were," were," were."there were at thit ilaio quite sure the t*o Dora wereNe w- Year's he stayedDayhave Men him at Mr. Burch's house ;" for aspecimen;D«Tld'tm«rttheInttimeI sawhimtherewasinJanuary,1837;I went in the parlor— and Mrs. Burch sent fortimes before Mr.Tur-to St. Jan.fs' Mrs. Church;Neif were there in the parlorMrs. Burch was not In about niy conversation with Ml** Boyd ;saw him fiist iji the parlorogie OdJig* came by expressme to come up stairs to unpack thcinto the parlor door Mrs. Buroh said I was to unpack At theBurch, Maiy Soauldlugste tbe ooneart, 1 iMtlsC';lltionoiFe."The following is the teslimcny elicitedner ijedI'lhiok Mr. Stuart satand X had gone; ;;very cartfuLy,arrangedmyhabit was to;n>i fix oi.c lime Uiat Mr Stuart was. t>etwcen therese.'fandher hair that I <ii J Upwardnot like it, and that 1 was In earnest Mrs. ;; ment;merung ;would not be tniuk;tbe la^t note to Mr. Stuart; X sometimes gave themStuart stayed about an hour after my unde married Wm. Gordon in St. Ja'rcs' Cb^Jrch; there arrived; next saw Mr.. Stuart at the concert;The examination was here Court adjourned until 2 P. M.should have heard Xue front doorMr. and Mrs. Farnam in another; slie did nut ride with Mrs. Farnamsail same way bvt onceshe said she thought Mr. Burchleaving falm therecloee u shut belbre 1 went to sleepBi»ch toki me to shut up the house, mat i need not;;MrsT^urch;talking with Mr. Burch in the library; 1 heard theai;;three went into the libraryat first, because sbe thought it fooUsli, but lier hus- band said if she did not, be should ttiink she cared torthis was the fore part of 18S7 the next time 1 saw Mr. Stuart there was either in;;parlor, daughter,MiQuie, dance; ;Mrs. Mrs. Mrs.;one night Mrs. after Mr. Burch's re-she had was a deal better match great;bect\4se;tniijk there were two boxesthink If there were twopapermarried,pleased;1 we"'not recollfct the time when Mr. Burch tween twelvcanoone I next saw; aou «ald Missi; I nt ver saw them in;Boul. when sbe knew lie wa* esomiUaig, aad Blnait mH AmMrs. Burch;;the firstand nqtitsied him to write three or four lines aliout theand Turner toand then do as sheshe did not love Mr. Burch at the time the married him;;tJ'pr in f ItW, before Mis. Burch went could lU'Iiced at that time Mrs. Lurchdress«d;Woveniber 19 this 1 daycommence tojtWo mythJil tiint Mrwas there iwo or three differenthe will know 11 ;Mrs. Bureh was anxious to knowagmrdeir; rerer did anything1."^? f'*iIhave Hiked with George to stoicirm. Bhe testified as i»UowB:This afternoon has been almost eniireiy occupies! In the croFs-ezamlnallua of Mr. Burrh's gardener andmanof aiJ work. Mrs. Burch's counsel, Mr. Becknlth, subjected blm to arigld aad seirchhi.,' r<il-wht1 she was living at my home at the time ar- Hbi.ut UiatWt recollect golnjr" Wuihai Mr. Burch that wot out?" i told* i,«r Tta Court by the witness' coutinued adherence to the »*i-i^o before Mr. Turnerus Id the our visit hall;was expected- Mr. Turner Mr. Stuart rame and she was gUd that Mr. the eerrant to say siie down,ten in aBurch askMl cousin,Stuhrt met usmayt the carsat tiie ltou^e until about an hour since.;she told me that it was on that day thataudoay nigut,Mrs. Bwuarnctbed to know whatUrs. Burch a;&li*'** *';ciepeiserstion in this dupag circutc coart Ndupervilicy ';for Mrs.offencelier going on the nand. but the ndght iiave to tall what she knew atxwt It; 1 aaked l>er liow sbe caia*TIIIKD Day—the imnisifrr to perform the funeral services; 1 haveLurch ssia, as She passed my Mr. Stuart duor,;ciinjelaand shook hands nlih Stuart; sbe tuldfied as followsI left Mr. Burch's employ Saturday, Nor. 13, 155J ;July.parlorthen Mrs. burch said .<iheslu saidtogothereI did go to the Bank togetsomemuoeythe tin<e; saw idm and Mr^. Uurch pass thrbigTi thesaid Bureh sbe would not let ki-a 111 ; tkat ht then threu htr on the ti^a, aad triei t» take libtrtiis wuh her ; that the resisted him and said;had money enough to carry me thruugh whereit iiiifilit have been SeDlcmber or Ootot)er;Lo)d called,;mui,;;kftj^;iSti£rmau, butif let nt;:;by JitU ib» asld sbe wantwi (•up some coui:t>el at Jonesboro and a farmer directed me gr>i)ery;leavingBurch and his fancy woman ;" could not say whetht-rhishou^e; dun't know wtieiher X tooii griipes in theHubbard ami Boyd reoiaiii^ about twu night;I wentuncle soon came in and noth-" how will friends receive me what wil:; '* because;; said about It ;;:Mr. Burch went East in January ur February, 1857 can't whether it was at that recollect Mr.brarywindowopenson the piazza,just likea door;:"but, theydon*t know what afascmatimgtblnk the next eveninghewentaway while 1 was shutting up the house;there weie no other persons in the room with Mr. whether Mr. and Airs. BuK-.h were theie don't recol- lu Mr. Lurrill ; don't krow that X delivered a note for;suspended,and th* <l. Ja.aLd Mrs. Famain's charity party;could nut saywas a afterwards at Mr. Kii^y's liouse reception;;;Stdait and Mrs. Burch oh this or the previous lect time think it was In 1857; don't recollect the Mr. Buirill at his huu-e later than ttie FaU of 1850 ; ICdt TXLxeaaPH.]FIFTH DAY—AnnsaoH Smioa.evenilic when 1 shut up the bouce : Mr. Burch ; ihink X toi k notes to the hou>e in 1B57 ; could not tell waa ^me three or four weeks at this time, 1 lime of the year; think it was cold weather; don't whether it was >hc fore ok* latter part of 1S57; X dun't think, ^nuring which time I should ttiink f know that 1 drove the carriage to that party ; taink know thHt i ever delivered more tiian one, two ortaid she preferred to walk, and wt) walked ; Mrs. Burch said, *' Mr. Burch don't like to liave gea- The cross-examination of Fanny Bnrch was re-did not hear t lem say anyihln;;don't recollect when the box came contain- tbken thi 1 said that X ty ;^f;do not knawat wiiat time Mr. Smart left when 1 went to bedStuart he was the better but that she did husband^side leadingleft ;ing the clockit was thought true;Mr. Burch WHSawayof thedoa't know how longI first began to t:ike notestwo otherwe went tu Uie leception ; Mr. Stuart w^ there ; saw Uemen admire me, but If they will do it I don't knowsumed. Thepointselicitedwere,first,inrelatioata»a^ Mr. Stuart there five or six timestime* he was there when 1 closed up; on one occa-sloB thejr w ete playing checkers in a bedroom; andanother time ibey were sitting lu the library slue by ihey staid, ur whether Mr. finrch came back before taktn hfi> or nore X don't know X said 1 hadtliem sitting on the sofa together; whll© we were inthen she sat down upsn the t>ed, and said it was well for Mr. Burch that Mr. Van Ren-some Mr. and Mrs. Farnsm's visitthie* notes to Mrs. Luriilllo Mr. Eurrill in the fure pariof ]b57how many notes 1 took tu Mr Burrill; X know X haveX ; Mr. Lurch i.ever spoke tu me on the subject of tiiis case X think mo5t, if not all the n-4es, X took to Mr. think it came by the American Ex- Lurrill's office were directed to tiim; X doL't know wait for Mr. Stuart, but if anyone else was there I press or United States Express; think it was un- whether i took any letters to Mr. Burnll's office di-the box weighed one hundred weight don't teroileci seeing the box in the hall befure X wasanysubjectsincecarriage, and.*myself;;makingttiemtliecalled tu open it ;packed in the afternoon; could not say what time;and Burch told her not to be her hat, and 1 under- fixingmy impres&lon is there were twotestified that the vases came at the same timeum po&itlve tlic bronzes came at the same timeC'tntinutd Ttstimtmtj (Mr.playing andman,to berouiilhiii railroads ;the fbrenoon or afternoon, when Mr. Burch was Mr. Stuart was up stairs when I went there ; the box Udnk Ml::s Spaulding went awav in the summer ; Idoor with Mr. Stuart should think he ;Mrs. Burch was in sitting;bpaui 'iiigllie witness answered that he did nutlefc;not homeatone in the Spring of 18S7once or twice irom down-town with Mr. Burch iuth4 forenoon, vbout eleven o'clockthCTS In tt>e library ; one time I went Into the fied that the box was In the parlor ; if I did I suppose and some time before : I titink what I said gr^ioy, and lound some one had been breaking me it was my best recollection ; I told Siuart on that oc- before was taken down In writing by Mr. Miller ; Mr. lateials off the vmes ; I mvr somebody had been casion that 1 did not want to be ordered about by him Burch, X t>eltcvc, was in the same room ; it was in;was iu the hall I believe; it was not in the parior, I think—I am i,ut positive; have no distinct recuUec-\oung lady;McVickar's the- library,answeiiag question,be came in tuat way two or taree timesdon't recollect whettier she was there one two montn,men and aatre;wliere she was on our return she woreStuart said to Mrs. Burch. us if avix^e, and Mrs. Burch said Mr. Stuart had ;paale<ittthe latier part of the Summer of iSil BoTch came flown and told me that I need no* tellupOhyes, father, wemetMr.Boyd;"and I dW so;when Mr. Burch was gone three orihe sofauSipuoanrt and Mr. IdsuaraicngLurrill wereniwgiht,h AXr. sittiDg;saw her afterwards, very excited ;;;IthinkI saw htm come ; I saw himmonths or six monthshavesome few words"it Is uioic mental andill mat a&ects 1 you ;"theMondaybefore theallegedStuart and Mrs- Burch had been there ; tion occurred when we werethe clock out ofOol baa sorry the servant hal done so, as she wished to see Mrs. Burch often made an excuse to take him tnto lieved had given the exact words of Mrs. Borcii, hotthat she would tell I told her that I would toil Mr. Burch.garet O'Harawent up to .Mrs. Burch's room ;Mr. Borefa about the vines him herself ;X don't know whether he had may have testified that he had gone t5X think he remained the thirdtiiink he sleptfive or six diiierent timesthe next after Mr. Burch went awaythe Mbiary with Mrs. Burch alone when I finished closing the house saw him there on Snnday even- ';on account ul heen my recollecting h-iviii.^Turner;Mr. Lurch, Mrs. Lurch andwere sit-told Linitimes when I shut up the housesaw him there onu}—There is only one door from ray roo jithat he did not knowhe would not tell me wno theand asked how it s^t, and sent it back, saying she:subitiiiied to Mr. aud lUrs. Burch lur their ms|iectioj. curate, but 1 am not so sure as to figures Mr. McKay ;us v\o did nothnd the ice, and I went up tu ask Mrs. Mrs. Burch wished mc to ask him who told him admission as to \ ielding to Stuart is alleged to tiMte;dcposiiloii,myself myself,ask him who told him :it>out BoydMr. Tur:ier was ll^ag'Ui tbe house at that time ; 1 know I saw Mr. iMrs. Burch and Mr. Smart stood by about Boyd, and to yive a reply that 1 could carry been made; she had told Mr. Burch what hi; wifeing; olnk they were In the pariorstttart there during Mr. Uurch's absence two or three;;panic,night,; she had;;T/it u;ti7ie«iroom never saw Mr. Lurch with a ;lancywoman.X d was a letter supposewhen she saw me sne threw;;building;think he was inho much that 1 recollrcled afier- ;Mr. Lurch andwent1 called uncle andwitness re- counted the conversation with .Mrs. Burch when tlia;Duringtwice—four weeks—next obout the time of the Bank which might have been in September or October; he was three or lour weeks that time X was led to;Mrs.the year 1857, X think, Mr Burch went EastNext^awMr.StuartandMrs.Burch when Burchsaid together:this;young;takingI aaked, who had been breaking the the box ; might have been vexed on that occasion ;:stairs, or bau retired, and that she, (Mrs. Lurch.) was came into the room where we were and forgiven a greater sinner tlian 1 am ;" witness be-jBurch seemed to coiiicide when Mr. Beckwith extuo- with hjm I toid him that 1 left .Mr. Burcfis bsciusc 1Iwe did rot hnd the i^e where Mrs. Burc*i another subject—what did Mr. Burch say ? 1 toid also consented to have a partrioge cooked, to tie takentloD as to where the box was;don't think X have testi- heie when was taken, now, my deposition;our return; she bad on a different dress when wc can't tell how oftenhavebeenwithMrs.Burch toldherthatMrs.BurchconfessedhavinggivenStu- ;brtfaUngtbem off, and 1 knew no one could gc^ ini .a»k«d the girl, and she told me that Mr. think it wras a mistake if 1 testified that that conversa- knew, it X recollect, one or two diflerent timesleft ; she said Mr. Stuart had been there, but when wo met him on the street ; he generally joined art one long, aflecUonate kiss, but said out wa* all not tu say anytiting about It ; X think us ; he walked with Mrs. Burcb always ; when my that had taken place. In the cross-examina- she told me so the next day ; she said sister and 1 were with her we walked together, and tion as to the conversation iietween heraelf ai^housethe house at that timeI'urner was he was there two iL;when wesee that Mr. Burch knew that we had seen Mr.;first In or three or January February, stayingMr.sitting up;was up a greater portion of the night ;gotgone to bed ;four weeks, i tbirk 1 saw Mr. Stuart there as many as bed; it is likely 1 did; should judge from the time corregcotnethe mistake about thai timeshe said if 1 saw it 1 ought to have told him ; huydX think the same night orthat 1 shut up about 11 o'clockanu alter dinner Viid me to go to. uncle aud1 was In the habit of lucki4ig the pariur duurs when 1 shut u^ at iilglit.;had said he did not believe there was a woman inin lb48 ; the uiglit of their arrival Mr. .Stuart and elti'cl of his evidence ;] there was a door to the ruum ; te^tiinon} to-day differs from tiie deposition on the j;ar.d myself, Mrs. Burch stated to us 'that Mr. kept asking what f Ue, and I said ''A good deal to had been very kind to her, and said she thoi^htMrs. Btucbweie In the Itbrarv playing baf^gimmon or it might not always be closed ; dun't knuw wnether X quetUon of the number of times X saw Mr. Siuart atStuart knew she was in the family-way ; that same ellect ;" that was Monday niglit ; the next gentlemen were much more forgiving to erringcheeken ; Mrs. Burch told me to gojuwaaai receive ever slept witn it upen ; on one occaaioo, and more, Mr. Buich's house was, that the first time X inferred |she staled how he knew it think Mr. Stuart day 1 had a letter to send up town, aud Mrs. Burch women ban ladies were ; liad several conversations ;the young ladies at the niidnjght train ; i noticed tuat , Mrs. Burch bad on a different itre.-^s than usual ; \Mijpt with door open ; iiou't know ttml X slept with the to the lime when the clock came ; the reason why door open on the Lipht of Mr. Stuart's vtstt relerred my testimony to-day ditTers from my depu.^ition onnext Ciime the Wednesday after Mr, Turner's death ; volunteered to jend it, and she did so ; we had a great witli Burch after Mrs. Burch left : saw bim in May af. 1 was up stairs ; tidnk Mrs. Burch called me ; Stuart many visits that morning ; on We.lnesiay, be- ter I left Chicago, at Uttie Falls ; told him then all Ishe had been sitting up ^'alting for them on t^ti^ ;about ilJft o'ciuck; don't know itwxi 1 tesiiiied tnai 1 wtiir t'j sleep at that uine ; 1 uhvay?i redd every niyhi alter 1 go up btairs ; coiKd nave teen the front doijrhim to and see Minnie Mrs. Lurch weut up terrupt Mr. and Mrs. Burcii Minnie went into the Counsel, Van Arman ; on Fridav before the trial bmwhen Mr. Burch was awayStuart's being there when Mr. Burch Wiis home ex-don't know whetlier ;cept the three times mentioned ; sa^J^mln the grapery with Mrs. Burchthey were saw him at the house otice or tuice in Spring of 1859, coming Uo.nand that had tohl Mr. Burch that Mr. shetwenty minutes ;leaving,;1 Mr. Burch andhis wife closed the Mia.timestoMr.Stuart I was ;-Mrt. Bcrcli di'. n jl go to .iu/ulay-school^nrent?* ^/Tr Stuart's ; further direc- tion j delivered tbenotes to Mr. Stuart at his office howiaken one or two, and delivered them to the clerk ai the Tremont Housedoan raeoUeet what pan of tbe yearBoitiUthat all the lowed to remain whilelatlies should beal-she wa.-^ hanging turn to bcr and say,Sui.clay;ButoaUJ to "hJerfintkBewkimIn 1856 ;;do not recollect of .Mr.no; visitingthiswas iu theMr. Stuartus andconfers" she llien told me Mis. Burch knew before witness and Mary Spauldingdon't recoUect ofDorain the Summer"when we went'w»U2l}a^ {I ;takingBotesthero.Mr. Beckwltb objected to this line of Inquiry, and; whetherMrs.BurchwentEastbeforeMrs.Banks trial.;nie and the baby home with Mrs. BurcDwegothome Boydthat wa« the day he received thelast lettermyroe? Ob,yo«wuted to know what was to be;when 1 got homewraagedI olama no one out mr- seif; if my hudiaal>8 <AiIdr« shoald be sick. wDlTMr. Miller said they meant to show that Mrs. BnrehBurch told me that Mr. StuartTMle<l that thewas ad-X first to Intimacy Mr. Burch went toi ty ;" 1 then went down spoke Mrs. Burch. she told me tween Mrs. Brown and Mrs. Burch, and Mrs. Burch's up 'there when it was storming came down into the librarysaid, feel muefcInquUy -H^'iS^L'S!.''"!^''"'''^ 8°TM* to Mr. BurrlU'i housemuch Burch did notrnS^le*""^he seemed Mrs.It it bard to lewesht thing: It baa taken a load off my mind;thereother strangers therethere; could not say the breaking of the vines was There were but few spectators in the Court-room,got upand kissed mcshe arm and said something I eosdd not. bear,linecited tone;that Mr. Stuart had broken the vinesStuart tiiat It was none of his businesswhether I told Mr. Stuart that if X caught hi;n there Court would exclude all testimony as to the relations told me that at that time she had handed Mr. come downin the Fall oi 'Mprored;she asked meand deserve (Me myof;; •';;Boydwas tome scanoal X had heard about ^Ir. a many ttmi.* that she loved lam {Boyd) suggested anything to her. Witness had told herwafldbgiound, looking at tbe grapesdo#B-1own, with Mrs. Burch, when Mr. Burch wa.-? know that it was not a week afterwardstestified us lo the different parties that Mr. and Mrs.Q.—Did she at that —time say anything about Mr.kissed her, put his arm around her wai$torder of his physicianuncle something Mrs. Burch hadnotatbgine; sawbim there at tlic house in the Fall1: was the nest evening have tesiihed thai he wasam not quite positive ;Mr. van Arman objected to this line ofasHoward Shetman ;.she said, in that her^convcrsaiiou,said between Mon- and the time she witnessed the confession.of 1^, at the time of the Natioiml Fair—under of the introducing testimony pretence tesiiiig;;;taluk it; I was in the basement under recoUecliunMr. Stuart had trokt-n two or already updayPapers were .-hown to witness to identify hersign»-;—whichtkr*rfatn.LUta'ydirected to takethe in the kitchen about it girlsI think it was in 1857ingly waived hist; lUa oOce waa on South Water-street, nearthinkandshould remain.had not said;; first saw him at his went to his office by direc-should be;July;:Mrs. Lurch luldswear to Uie confession •• Ishe had!«f»J !j»»TMJkaowisaicwas" HowMrs. Buich was present'SSSto ttf^r'!*"."" •? *^' B"rrill'« wife, and some- again 1 would put him out X could not ;1 repUed by askingauntMary,howcouldyou gone —com- separationfrommychildrenpreventedhaveme tha: when Mr. un Mr. Stuart's arm, Kiuar; wuuidMr. BoydTo ;the quest! m of the number of times Mr. Stuaii visitedMrs. fore dinner, my imcle went up stairs ; ;Minnie remembered about Mrs. BurchCounsel for .Mrs. Burch objected to the witness h( ardthe utior ^huL wnen 1 wns m tne third siA^ry;;;stidicg what the girl said, and Ihe'Court sustained tlic ubjecticn.;inthrough the parlor window from the graperyWitness continuedRecollect when Jlr. Turner mti.'liiigwiihout company askinghad been alv\'aysas head aciicd fo 1' cuuld not Lurch, myuncle left I went into the and Mrs, Burch iiarlorAt nearly 6 o'clock tbe cross-examination closed, and direct examination was resumed— Wltnemdid not know of any restraint being placed on Mrs. B. three:;the otherMr. remember gat-tblnk .Mr. Stuart came to the house twwas sickthree times right after that ;or Mr. Stuart was not at the bouse when Mr. Burch was home so much asart went out wi'li Mr. andLurch Burcli, Mr.1 waiiuo le:i;exchangingduiing;l-'anny,she tlien told me that the)in the habit ofMrs. Burch did nut call suMrs.ing aboQt tbe plants; Mr. Burch was away at the don't recollect ih%t I tesiihed in my deposition that time; saw Mr. Stuart theie again two or three days Mrs. Birch and Mr. Stuart were alone that nighi;The Court then adjourned.I;Burch for theattended,and as tu huw often she metthem,Howard Sherman ? A,i was and walkingoije day,not she ;stayed;come; when heay!!>•;awent to church in the eveningtjneaelministered Uie:;Mr. £:dwin;;be;into Mr. Kinsey's we met Mr. McLee,and^\irs. Burch sallear did not live in the same town with her-:Burch had dlctateu the letter, but afterward* sail no ;parttlmedur]ng>the made smoking' capslept with tlie dour upen twice; it nilgnthe wrote down what we were most of an afternoon engaged in rciuri;rd with hira ; they .sat a little while and then wanted to see Mrs. Burch in the Horary ; the servant it ; he wrote several sheets of paper ; had told Mary went up to Minnie's room; thirik Mrs. Burch asked can>c to call us to dinner ; I told the ser\ ant not to in- Spaulding and mother all before I had seen Burch%thongbt she looked redder than usual last evcnint;when 1 came back from the d6p6t, about 10 A. M., Mr.Stuart bad pone ; Mr. Burch was away ; Mrs. 6'iroh ye^r ; 1 Ihiuk from ItJt) to Isjy 1 have a^lept wiui the siiiou was uot taken down right ; tho true number of had changed her dress, and told the young ladles th it dour open iw<» or Uima limes ; X went to beu that nigtu leitcrs deJi^ciedto Mr. Uaniil Irom Mrs. Butch wasgutis 1—w;i.<; in th'* LbriiryMr. Lurch was not home;oe open six lii-;nes;thrt*; inches;thehousewhenMr.Turnerwassick that ismy dcpo-Burch had been town don't know whether sne came into the room and said lUiit father I told him;ev«ilT>gof Mr. Stuart's vi^it, when the young ladiesarrived, 1 beard the servatil, Margaret, make a re-mark; Itwasrightawayaftershecamedowu.it;dr.~;iM had been up to the Cuor (when Mrs. Farnam know that ihc door- bell could De heard as pliiinly up twelve yeais; had resided a block and a half from called.) s-iairs as t'le shutting uf the daur; ha\e til^iinctly Mrs. Lurch had known .Mrs. Lurch ever si:ice sheftairs and they soon came doivnjlrs. Burch said shelibrary and soon came out and said that her father and.;ihlnlt 1 hited up the room in ihe barn the slept there only one Su.n- saw Stuart at ihe house, I think, Uie next even- ne was atone doii't think may ttstified to ihe best of my next saw tituart, i think, another eve- the third time X saw Mrs. Burch and;,—that they had been talking about .Mr. Boyd all night ;;;inquiry,waaIn the forenoontbe bam, potting some plants ;itbey were in the green- ning that weekhotise ; tjiey were standing close together, eigh* or Mr. Wiuart together, think they were in the parlor or The Court reserved a decision on the ([ucstion un-Mrs. Burch tola me at the time of Mr,she did not lore Mr. that she he lot-td Uoij-' ; .saw hir^ten. yards froui me; when 1 came up, txiey the librarythma it was the library, and thit Mr. til and asked if the defence to morning, proiwtscd goMrs. Lurch and 1 wereMrs. Burch's remark, but X think she said : that iic wished i^he wouM leave hira eoon, and tMatamination was concluded. the stand two whole days.ThHi wimess has been on;moved away from each otber, and commenced talk- Turner and another young gentleman were there ;on the stairs, unclo had come'* 1,01c Mr. Siuart: .Yo, give nxc r/iy husb.mf— he liid not belie\e that II ittie was his chil.i;wiinefcs'ble under ihereallyTurner's Stuart said about Stuart;what her mother andilieandonlydid those ihincx to lead him on uwi tvitit fiirtduring their matrimonial life, awany time.Mr. Beckwith said they claimed the righttoshow don't knf)W whether X testified that; if I did, dun't the alienation of Mr. Burch's afifcctions from his wife. know that it was an untruth ; the next time Mr. Stuart After advi.'-ing the jury not to read any newspapers I wa* urea vr four yardi from where they passed ; I was there, might have been within a week aftar the commenting on the case, the Court, having been in cooldaae from (he basement who they were; (witness thlid time X saw him ; Mrs. Burch told me in a onji- session from 2 until 6 P.M., adjourned until hM o'clockshe was he would him s!ieSIXTH DAY—Moaxrxo Ssssioit.beforeIleft; IleftNovember13tha greeohouae with Mrs. Burch toward the bouse ;'at tile Tremoitt Housethink It wasrecollectthemtobecertainsiuemained about a month she is a sister-in-law of Mr. ;to the party, as Mr. Burch had;me on one occasion she told me to down there ; goafter Mr.Mr. Stuart there a week or ten daysIjCttera at hia Dlctatloa,NAPiavnxa, 111., Thursday, Nov. 22, 1660.arrivaljliecame down into the library with a In signature; paperandaeabow Mr. Stuart was, and tell him that sheparlor or library ;Jiaud, and sat down to copy it ;wwIdeaU and aee himMr. Turner and her went athe was ; it mayAtready to swear that tbe contentswere true;stfd,dowa mere I beUevein Mi room at the Tremont Housebe waa ; dont exactly remember the replywhiia Stnart's oOea waaPott-aOceIn the hll of WSt ; would not be certain as to the time;kept \o that she Icrok him behind the orange-tree in. the parlor and kept pTaying with the;rode there with a horse andbuggyno onehave been themay early partorHenri* Boyd Mr.sorts] thatleave the townI was accompanied by;growthof the vine:?Xwon't; meeting mysister went with Mrs. Eurchdi: grace enough;;;anyshela March, 18S7, could not be certain Mrs. other ;i was in Mr. Burch's house assoand the1 told her 1 thought wickedknow In the block next to the recollect of going there with Mrs. Burchfhoshe toM mt Mr. Burcnbut was with Mrs. Burcb on myself;that occasionremainedknow that she did or old not go away as early as May;•-he f-^'A .-.he toid .Mr. liurch;think it ^'xs certain sareappeared on behalf of the complainant. Several of the ladies were formally greeted by Mrs. Burch's mo-a the and went Siuart und Mr.;Boyd;he pass< xAf Ii the tttst man in tht toorid v.a< afraid if he met ,Mr. u'l; she;; I went and found Mr. StuartMrs. Bufch told me thatshe copied itpulcopy my;him on New-Year'sno one else wasthroughcanespeaking to herself; the visit to the ^heatre wah wished nic ;o go up;.jwii; 1 found ray uncle two nights before Chrwma': ; left M'". Lurch's at t^2e bank; 1 waited for him to go hojie ; house on the 11th of Mfirch, lfc5b ; 1 returned Oct. 17, he was very much txcitcd ; we mt< Mrs. Eurch in thedeaoMathe sltnatlon of the greenbouse wlthrefer- dential way [laughter] that he was coming to dioner to-morrow morning.t).. Ja. 1859 had spent most of the time in the ititerim at my hail on our retiirn ; after tl'.at she said to me that Mr. partner ;of .Mr. Burch, was sworn— Was at cenuplatn-enea 10 the house aad bam greanhaaieaad gzapary np stafrs ;I arrived at Mr. Burch's second Burch had asked her to write a note to and 1 ant'B house on Uie lOUi of Januarvtook an acknow-sair tham wwnext to the house; recollect when Mr. Stuart was sick— Barrh cold >[r. Burch me to his house;in passing through the oldgraperyget more things;think Mr. Stuart was there t«ro orC*nflilante How Mn*Bvrefc'a Niece all aboafber FUrtationa— What a FaaelnatlBg Maa Stuart waaaccompanied;myone of them wa^ Nun Mrs. Basks came to visit Mrs. Burch, 1 think,on' "^*'l/*^.'Lf*^**2^*!;ofother rubber and put it onBWa^ J»-about a month Mr.Bankswaswith herrecollect her seeingMr. took S^Liart my;;Corningwitnesses,theydy'e do," ;;he said bim towards the door; Mr. Mhieib MfttlMClarkbooae In the Fall of I8BStloB of Mrs. Boreh, to the porpoae sometimes of II o'clock that the vines were broken don't recollect hour, to enjoy even the interesting details of the Burch":don't recollect before or after Mrs. Banks was there fewtowere with meBurcfithensaid, Pityme,ah,Taleathw,M wt jtCfcame merewedding; doii'L know how long she was gone;FOURTHThe Court first considered theMrs. fh>m duringBoydMr. Burcb went to see Mrs. Famaoa;requestedMr. Beckwith, counsel for Mrs. Burch, oblig-else *e"x(ScSe'pftii*l*a!'thhli'slpoN»d«sndttiat mndemereoolictthatMr.Stuart c^iBUllmity-ftndunembarrasnnoiit—amountdidfeotcome thiswalkvaMMnjrthvm_orBlng, ^flerbieaklkst,TuesdaTatomtaaIk.i»riu 7 .i:teratloDs In bis TcMlni«ny-RemarM»blo Mi-s Sptuiulng came back tn I85b, in January, Ihomea*b»liP«3te«;Aft£i;>o<>i« Sss^ioif.Court, Mr. Beckwith. onun^^cinot ihou^hi about it >lnce; have thought nbuut otherBiuchhadgotteupof tiieBurch, commenced the cross-exdmin:ition ofopeuiogthe witnens Charles Layton, the gardener, wlio teail-n.Hitt1 thinkdi6t thought hbout iliem after Mis. Ourchthe library; Mis. Burch brought Mr. 8tuart into thewasdon't July ortogetherknow whether itwas outio.ng;Mr. his wife tooa>;what caringto brave the bittercold, at so early anBurlington ;;we went onthe inrilations. whicii 1 did;I very thc,DMMi^ laaTlaK; It wasabout timeMrs.Bankswasthere guessand re- I should countermandon Wednesday night left 8i.*ter and Min- after my return my uncle read me a; letter rrom .Mr.think Mre. Burch went to Mrs. Banks'DAY-Moa3n.io SassiOH. objections to the por-thethink fhe said he was tiiere twice;;but dont let bim bata me I bare love, ;Umthe Issue as to Mrs. Burch'si^- dS?J^. .^' ""'y probably have taken when the bank panic was, or where Mr. Burch went, vows. Testimony as to the general relations of Mr. his pocket;Uus Ume;?S3 tJfcm\iSif J?:? ^P't^K of 1857 SStLnS^he^ild",..?? '">1^8 over the markI to Mrs. Burch wont it ; spokefidelityh?%^ ^d'^.o"?,^««"Mrs.curacyItwould by adducinghadtoldusthatMr.Lurch withMr.Burchtokeepme—•'l>ehiswlA—said, OtthitbSman.,^a2i;mtloSrJe wilitnb'MMrrs^.BB„u'r*eihJ" :Xpart was read, and stated that 1 meant"Youare oa-n and none but and"s°o"m'etlmp. i,, o si'ii?';^y)^'^I?."'^«rw.'n"te?o^f'',^rd^^ Mm. Burch company but myself l wentdid not see Stuart hi the house after the breaking ofbcckontd to Mr. Stuart,nothing•°'r»d^i,di°not lovewuiJ£Jo^woenltewSiUth^nVodro ^thrtlmTs-^athe vinesI did not correct it ;when he read that partgoingThe substanceofdaw talking vUhanother and gentleman,;Uie world;Uiat^^jmiesthat uien IdenUnedIStqaifliiMme;beard Mr the tone of their coaversa^Mrs. Burch was not saywhen 1 got home it an hour or of asytblBgaadta her; I wentout IWifilf wmriBMBtkmed;I think Mr. Stuart was theration Mrs. Burch spoke of having received a letter from har mother making such a requestLake-street;;Mri.^ tat tba^. ^^^^^^;;back she said she be aloae ;^^ ^^ttuvmw m:;mci, hot I knew it was not true ;'' she said.4xm*t know how oiten Iand I went on to if herwould toof ia». called:should thinkX don't recollect I£S2r5if^rTMi2^1 ,,'*'" "> answer back, and some- house five or six times whXle Mr. Burch was awny;sheshe told me she had seen Stuart pass •' past tkt kad day wlfli a young lady, and entreatedh5??h that =^»« b^;; haVeIdidnot Mr. Stuart at the house after the Tines ware brokenarirerrilF-wv there; •ometimei the wouM go up herself- rected In another place h«?«lMMdttaamewxTeMe together anS mention Mr' corrected there somewhere;believed blm.";up Mr Bur-at that time state her ob- room Burchisee Mr. Stuart in the grapery againtice took down my testXmony wrong in saying that I tories and answers on Mrs.saidHMMi^ sometimes Tcry low, at other times louder two or three evenings after each otherX think thetiierean hour and a half before she came and Mr. Stuart had been walking upand "kewd«^h»im„^t^e8S)Bft 8tu»rt and Mrs. Burchtbe next morning I the hall and heard Mrs. Burch say,i«^o^r for twoto^ am a na- c«a»tottU eoaatry In 18M; haveBurch to VradMaiyandwouldharemarriedIfIwas banefitofhisI thsa the houseafterStuart was tiiere five or six times was that X was mis-" ouYta01ptha^wlhissssd g,4,^ ^;Mi*M Fannie Burch was the first witness called. Shethat she needed the exercisetaken as to the time Mr. Burch was ]{f«iteftiiridiCoontjiKew-Yock,«yevandsu out awayI found ii a of plain She was dressedwith him, andflniriMd,;she said 1won'tasktowould her sheand I it was becau^t I;us, leaving;;X dun't know whe-don't know that 1and wasnext saw Siuart talking with Mni. Burch in front of^ualdnottell uie;think 1 ;;Mrs, Burch went to theiI was goingopefted la the ordinary way It could be heard at any could not Fay what I said to Clias. McKay about my tliii'k 1 look one to his oflSce in the Fall and iu ihe by the library window to call upon Mrs. ^nuldlng; jaj^ baq is on the second floor ftom the main floor ; ike back of the front door was such that belo^talked wiih owners abouttalked with a counselor; left Mr. Burch because I wanted a i>lace where there was mcrre gardening;;;;buyingland;1 took tie hi^t note tuMr. Stuart, 1 think, la the Spring or Wintereome in ;her tbat be walked in front ol tbe house from eleven;Mr. Burch's house; Mr. Burch asked me what Xthat Mr. Farnam had called and asked If theBoyd walked with Mrs. Burchshould titink Mrs. Burch ou the morning when the latter aald;saw him not 'it anywlidle circumstance of the at lo attempt kissing myhome,;did nut teJl me what particular Uine.-< ;Gon't recollect whether 1 testified in my deposiiLon time ; Mr. Lurch a^kt' 1 me to come ; 1 think X was ataround hisA piuii ot Mr. buiCLi*:j house was here shu<vu, and wjirds; my inemary as to the things X swear to is ac-ting together;;>lr. fcurch made some aiterailons, with whioii Mrs. came up to Mr. Burr's to see n.c, and in conversaiion;Lui'-h about it ;tl e radiator, and Mr. Lurrill sat by Mr. Turner; Mrs. back to her ; he said that there were things bad said to ber^ he inquired as to the conversation;ncd the plan to her.wanted more gardening to do—a p;aoe with moreBurch held an open sheet ot paper in her hand, whichgoing on in the houi;e that he knew, and we supposedMrs. Burcb, before going away, had tried on a skirt,time when Mr. Burch was gone to .Michigan he was down tu tiic iroiit duur ; the sound comes trLrougii the I'he wiuicss laeiitified his {lepusiiion. but sail he ;;;sometinies in the parlor, or the iiarary, alone wli;i vtalis; [taughttr, occasioned by the fact that Mr. could not make out the first ofit, (writtenla upocKetMrs. Burch ; recollect the two young ladles (the I Becliwitiihau saidnothiiig about the sound, aud the fair round hand.)part;[directed, but lound it In the cellar in another hlin ; after returning from the concert, Mrs. Burch with her as lunch on the cars; she toll witness allniece and Miss Spaulding) comingfromtheEas: early witness evidenUy wished to anticipate the possible Kxumined by Mr. flrounin^—The reason why my |rcirigerator after the arrival of Miss Spaulding asked me what .Mr. Burch said, and 1 told her ; she the gentlemen she had seen daring tbe aHalrj-hiit ill an ordinary \\±y from ray ro'nn ; dun't She had known Mr. Lurch since I>-1.?, aud Airs. Burchmust go to church with Mr. Burch. bat that he coulldon't recollect anyright consented that;of her recollejtion. purpose testingItellinggreata great deal better then any ofitr jniittin the world ; she told me that she trict. to convince M.-. Burch th^t;objectedgoup,by; ** 1; nied admittance except StuartIdoaraOHhlB;kUM X ;I.X ihlnh Stti-tlTree evouhii-s while Mr. Uurch with meMiss Maiy;can't rerollectwhether one went with me to any getsphuluinghad gone down after Idressing; think Mrs. sdiied him to Mr. and Mrs. Ntif Mrs. Burch soonrs;iJ(.or and met Mr. Stuart and took iilm into the libra-be thought Stuart could be poBiabad wittaaocletinontiiswei.t away inandSiuart went into thehimto mehuw he longSiuart and Mrs.1 ihuik the library door was closed;upwith Mr. Turner;upst-tirs toputon ourMary theroomwhenSiuarti^alledwhen be came la I pre-asked In «l^.aboat tiiere;^^ ^^ *•"»•»before dinner ; that erenlnftt#%ao weontidloowwnntto a meoi- Faanle Burch ; 1 ll^e at UttlaFaOB, New-Yorlt] X Ijigofthe UifftDrlctl -Soete^ at Mr. Brown'i ; myto him ab ut It Mr. ;Stuart wax at the house oaa-Btweniy-two yearsof-te. Linte «dd Mr. J^ Meompaofed me we Ul, ; gotstall* t" i''- ISyijd M^^n*»wentnp aoduoo SJ,7?"*tj^nktl e Sunday after Mr. Burch weut away I reooUect^^iS^' ^"'^ ^''P^*^^^SSSi^^^T'^t!^18 my uncwOblWUn «• t» D»ie»-Tho Jary "at lo thwiunko;r 1 think 1 saw Mr. Stuart at the h.Hi*e have been at Mr. Burch't house In Chicago -knew not sofound hermorning ItookioiiiecampkorB£.ibathedher iSS'StaiS'BeadikeNewspapers.NAriRTiu.1. III.. Thursday, Nov. 21, 1800.his teeakfisstIwni^ethink the nextMr. Lurch was j^one to MichiganvislUd him In lh57 ;tald ihni Stuart calledC:?,711;;the d6- ; X caine up with the bag^'figoheihitk he was 19 or 20 years of ageparlor while 1 was cIosm« up tbeLouie first viglied him since ids ;^ee Ur Burchn<la^s^tasked if StC art came Iu, and she safx" Oo to Ut. Ut it taU I am runwuMMHHy loMichlRan; 1 saw hhu there tao or three rlte<i at Mr. Burch's about oneo'clock A. M or be-;iheard me cry t" «be quietedcameonthedn otber c.iorei ley of interrogations, ellciling serious coatrailciions, jiK tt.e >« ung ladles tame; I aai not certain whether Fain-'Hi was with us ; don't know whether he was in-after that the servant cameabotttbalioase: 1 went there July 12, l»5«: "*'=''with Um to Mot. II, IMS I took caro of the Court. Considerable atnusemeot was occasionsw ts about a mnnth or;carriage:think Mrs. Burch metihe nas ^leepiIlgthe next morningMia. Burch tui4 was not well anl ; I went down, d|^1 ildik Itw a> ittKen sick:Mr. Turner went withme towas Mrs. Burch's brotherhim I nextwas engagedlot.i.,U((litt.y iiieexpresPman*/*'''"''»aKm'rlI*'aOitid MargaretO'Ilara,servaiilglrl3int(ieMgrir-lsUurch WhsEa^i at that time; could not say how luag afterMashreysaSipdaulding. if Daniel minutessaw Mr. Stuan a rew iit the hou*e within;hft^r Mr. Turner's deathMrs. Burch ltj58; don't recoUect wheth*»r Mr.into tbe next time 1green-houseThere was two ur three davs before X lefth{'0>e iu the X all oi ltj57 or lb58where to leave liic grapesLurch wrote on a card where 1 was to takethere wnen my un- Burcb would take Eome tickets for Mrs. Bostwiclt'shh>e not ctinveised withone on theand Inone Mary Spauldingand not think a woman could ever love in the;;tiling reception Mrs.Q^rch,;W'tT.cvs'ed a multitude ot niies'ioiis as to the time when Missolnggood Pengeott'slikelyrich;spokenwith Mr. ifurch's counsel about tnis case, wUilebodily;he said nottilng more; wasnot iiviu-: at Mr. Burch's house at theBoydwere and tiiat was times a week for a month hebeingness recoUected Mrs. Bureh to tave said "fifty.Mr. Miller, on behalf of the accused, calledHarrut C. iJroun, wife of Win. H. Brown, te*:tifie'.i:goup ; ;took down part of my statement ; Burch was present part of tbe time ; I wrote down the remainder myself; sent it by Burch to Van Arman.cameto tlie last six ("hicago; duringwe wen: downstairs;Mrs. Burch had evidently tmenday Mrs. Burch left.Miller and the Sheriff were let;Mrs. Burchwitness tesiihed that Mrs. Burch liad made sereral^said a woman to be oughtcareful whom sbe;Mrs. Burchtold the;" you What is it?" she said;ing;;she^eft;;sayshe saidthinklibrarymust nutdon't knuw X don't tttiuk X drove Mrs. Uurch toMary Spauldingjvveatlnto thestuid;Stuart's t'fiice on more than one oci;:isioupurlorin tiie librarylibraryupthe side Iier by ofbureau at a tignalfium ktrfor kim to<i1 IfcST, Mr. Stuart was sick at the Tremont Houseit was Spi ii.g ; i don't recollect when I took the first note to betweenMis.each side of theuniU two o'cloik thatthat sbe told bim that she went up stairs and went lopMtoC^'^ bouse£«l^ !Cwitneft described the process of shuttlug up thehouse i) it would take fifteen or twenty minutes toshftt np (In house ; saw Mr. Stuart at the hojse I Mr. and Mrs. Faroam were there when he was away the grapes ; I could not say when 1 took she did not wish to see Mr. Boyd and Mr^ Hubbard concert, and also to ask his advice about buylug a man he is."; at that time Mr. Burch was least he was away—I do not know wherewas7 and b o'clock that left alone they w^f9Burch washome one of them asked me ;bed and gut to sleep and it forgotaway n a?on forMr. Burch; did notI did not wish to drive around with Mr.;she saidsay;whycarriagewe w» nt hr>me from the —very ;capsnam, George cealment aboutUictook iioiice more iafeiy, becau-e I expected to be the last Winter, was more intimate witii Mrs. Burch 1 went and got the buttmier ;ind met Mr. Eurcli and co!:Oucted prayer.-sleep now in toe /jurtheast corner of the house; Lave slept there iilwut two mouth:*; slept a portion of the liine in the Darn—prubaoly mo m'jiiths m the Summer time, when hot weatiier t:ame on tDink 1 slept there pretty mucn all tne season of 1337 ai.d 16313 ;first season I wastnere ;mcrins alter the unpacking of the clockwith Mrs. Burch, m the iit>rary, 1 thin-k;years, exceptguandgeii". 'jtrher, andshe sat Ithroughiiigiitmyuacle;motherthat was her reason forto the bank mc*. Mr. ;sentmyshe sent one .Mr. Burch 1 tuinkdays before she left homeitnew of no one t>eing de-1859.anallmemory rulingcould not be admissi- of the Court.deathbhe had to tell me whentbe next time I were going to have extra company so as to Higlily iBtcrefltiny Tcadnany of^ra. Borch'e visit about 8 P. M., by the Miciiigan Central:> tney passed the on Monday throughownhome;;alongdon't recollect that Mr. Stuart was there than the lourgonotes she had written to .Hr.justsaid she had been vewBoireh- at that time sent notes there by I mentioned think there were others that X saw himand sister Lizzie flret saw Mr. that Mr. Burch was very angry ;1 went to the house the following day ;;meor ^different times ; Mrs. Burcb seat messages by would not be likely to be anywhere else except in thethere aU ready, bearing Mrs. Bureh-a asked her if that wa5 her signature, and if she wa*; I guess I went down there four or five could not swearshe had bettercalled with Mr. BurriU;it wasin iiieeTcn- and .was very gay ; on Sa'.uiday afternoon she I took the document in my hand aadasked him how know it ;Mr. the time when Mr. Stuart brokeshe ;tliat -Ifwas at-;;the vines was 1 think in May or Juneiiid,Mrs. ; andwenthome bushesin the hall withstanding some rosethe of the Court, this aShe and went up stairsUte very scon the libraryevenings— of the Scene at lUr. Bnrch'a HlataryBureh;% guest;Boyd,presents;theremay Burch came homelue inBurch afked her if she hul tout metold lAO she saidwhile I laching my allestation Mr. Burcb entered;from the about it ;;otherwisewas to wait there until she came down, which I breaking of the vjaes was In July; think It must have thedun't know the cau-e ul don't kn-w th:itS:uart w.isoutea^lc^tin sa\ -.he did not like Mr. CoyJ, ii sne didoldshe wentandthen drove down Lake-streetgentlemanly courtesyit wouJd seem r.diculuus to that e\ni.i)g she said mat -Mr. Burch tpokeup stairs,tatan notes to Mr. Stuart's office from Mrs. Burch atbeen before that timeknow whether M.^s. Burch went East afterwer^ two vines broken ofif; X asked two or three of'th\:;don't therethe roomit ;was gone fifteen orwas there all the time ;not send;theyon niyBoyd,have had indistinct recollection of what took place, being athree other times when Mr. Burch was away don't ;deal shockedasked me to plead for herremember tbat Mrs. Buieb;;was my mother, Honae—He Compels Ua Wife t* Write Stuart on the second visit,;'pof-iiively,;theytwo after my uii^ en the string ;" ftuart stayedbut think he was Burch returned, next sawa week oring; Mrs. Eariin was there tp{ea; we had a g<imo—to the diiLier part.'—she went,go was a confessionhave been or March May;Ba'^'c ivent oiit'•Yes;'; have been three weeks aiteramongBurch, Mrs. Thomas Burcb, and several other ladie^,;think Mrs. away Burch wentanoiuir rtotf to Mr.had dictated Bcyd, yau:nffUie housetotni defendant's bedroom;East two months;herof the rouuiLyle was laKing, ard Mr. S:uart wa-* ti-lkiiitf lou !,;;;:Mr. Burch wasI think they call it**i*rafter into an envelope,she1 did not ask her if she knew the contents of; beringclub coachmanwentwithmc;Iduiedwithafriend, the coachman came with me Mr.Mr.in the middleJ went toagainJuly ;don'tit think don'therentrance. Mrs.Burchwas;uponpresented;Lyle;opening number of witnesses,she whom were Miss Fannie Mr. Stuart's ring, and tiiat sht returned the ringto her.letterj-be told niebuL one senence iu the notelaiitrMr. Beckwith, on behalf ofMrs. Burch, read a por-partof;silly;went to S.iratoga with Burch that we were going: Burch went for his health, and took long walks bytion of the in whicii the witness cross-examination,haU that she hud written notes to him. and that she had told himtherby some judicious friend with a sweet bouquet ofcallslast often, saying;;go;Stu-" .'>iiut i.'ie t'oorsaid, you so.nething ;''Winter, that her going into society so much;one was testifying. to enforce the exclusion of theX)n the ftiiow up;to ''re'^'S towe allon Monday morning was attaching my attestation;;;tbdt ^he did not let him in ;that Stuait toldX think Mr.think she told me next huw morningthe li-?"'l salu :1 hope will treat theycould wait until be had goneturn did not see Mr. Stuart theretime he came and brought some rosel>ushes; Mr. Burch was there then; I took I opened more than one ; could nut say whether there number of letters he carried to Mr. Biirrili'soffij'e,then out In the yard, or In the grapery was more Uian one there might have been three; tiie limes when he carried them, and all about it. 4 X played chess with Mr. Turner I thinly Miss Sffaiti- she married him ; she said that uncle Tommy said he should send a letter be dictated torected to Ml 6. Burrill.Mr. Beckwith here handed the witness aand Xa for played pulkavisited Mr. Uuich'S house, to must of whichabout ten with Missstoreit was the;in:recollect)X;goingsleigh;FridayBoyd;sbe then wrote the letter ;giving myshe toid witness that Famham 'morning,until half-past tenshetola me she was going up in Mr. Stuart's office, and I don't know that I swore in my deposition that the the vicinity of the reporter's table. An Llustration of ticular occurred at the partv, ex?ept thaL Mrs. L. was Mr. liurch said he would no: uelievc she wa- in wife. Fanny and Valentinehi* JTM"*; drove to the front of the building—tbe entrance; she;could notsay;home with me from thatparty;vant to sei>d theBoichand Mr. BurchMr. ;Burch said to come toflowers,whosefragrancewaskindlyvouchsafed to;went home with Mr.';. Burch.-liedid notno\ji,andFanny'which has characterized the conduct of the counsel thus far, was offered this morn- ing, when Mr. Van Arman. counsel fur Mr. Burch,;inf;ntgbt, waiting to be let la ;;Boydtiiereheladies were at and the servant told them home, ihatMr. was at the house two or three about HatUe Burch's own cliild, the wtv-;;to St ju*t in^termgXanl that sbe dU antI told blm that It was none of his businessthat when the vine; wanted prttnlng I would do it,amt tlBt if I caught hiu> at it I would put him out of nlgbt to tea ; don't know that 1 testified that X knew Mr. Miller bad tome' cunversation with me aboutthe place; do nut recollect that Mr. Stuirt said any he did of my own knowledge ; first saw Stuart after this case ; all Mr. Lurch asked me was whether X didthing ; Mrs. Burch told mfe to go tlown stairs, and I that conversation about 10 o'clock that evening— it not recollect one or two particular times ; had 6een vant would let in her particular friends; next saw Mr. Boyd ; 1 went home alone and she came home after- room, and shut the door ; lieaid Mrs. Burtdi cryingdid^ 1 w«Bt Into the room in a great hurryMr. Burch, when he came home, asked,Mrs. Butch and Mr. Stuart were standing us against the UbraiT table ; Mr. Turner came dpvia stairs when heMinnie asked leave ta Burch said yes, if witness WbOld accompany her ; old so ; when she rat down in Mrs. between them at the party—not at the party; Mr. Burch said he had a friend wno told him he had seen Burch's room, she told witness to leave ; said aha dM not want to be watched while seeing her children ;Tnrner was Mrs. Burch's brother ; this was in 1857 ;Buich) were doing when I went up the second time ;after i left Mr. Burr's, to find Mr. Burch.Direct exdminatton reaurned by Air. Van Arman—Stuart went home with Mr% Burch, and Mr. Burchhis wife and niece going down street with their usualsaw Mr. Stuart next there at the time of the bank—Mr/ —and that he was a one ; Mrs. escort Boyd softwitness left, and remained at the door;may have been a littie after when X went up to shutMr. Miller before; I went to Hague and Miller's office to tee Mr. Durch, on one occasion, and to take a note from Mr. Burch ; went tu Mr. Caulfield's officeStuart and Mrs. Burch together at Mr. W.Ii. Brown'swards;loudly inside alter they left ;;1;that I was vexedwa^ told that Mr. Stuart stayed that;the to the ladies were —cerstood her, if any one caUed ; she used to send mes- we saw Miss High ; 1 turned to speak with her, and partner, called, Mr. Burch called Mrs. Burnt dewa; sages that we were engaged when she thought the ser- then joined her, and went back ; Mrs. Burch met Mr. she did not come ; Burch and Valentine went to her;what he wantedXI Mrs. Burch and I went to the Bank Maggie, servant, say out un- ty upwhat excited; tbat day when Valentine, Burctt**up the house ; X don't know that I took any particular;to the theatre ; old not notice anything mat occurredcafMODme t** dinner, and said—[objected to;] Mr. notice; could not see what they (Stuart and Mrs. to find Mr. Miller went to XXaKue and Miller's office, ;I \^eLt up, Mrs. Burch called to mc to shut;the Mrs. burch's brother Joseph was staying at"into the hall 1 asked her 11 she did notthe house at tiie timeparlorpar- returning;;duu't know that he told me mik^ht have t>cen there an hour;Mr. Farnam I think she told me that she told the ;on the before Mrs. Farnam's Tuesdaytestified that both were very mnchagllatad and aaa*-teen Mr. Burcnhtm at his office, and that certain coavemtions took me the right way was to break the vines; I think X by Mr. Miller lart evening. The Court was disposed of the Bates tital there was a very large party with the hall to meet him and tlicy together went in» my youpTOBslsetawittatOBMT He surely wont refi^It was inthe year 1867,knownextBnrchnet tell herif 1 bad;deeply;^d testUy to that, or did say it ;ol Mr. and Mrs. Burch, and confine, the evidence to;afterward—about New-Year's Dayshe said sheOhmunion-table ?'' she said: "Ih^n't call me auni lamthat's thataU Mr.XI Stuart toldabsence saw Mr.1the time;conanoBded vith Mr. BuMUplace. was a little excited mlghi have spoken in an ex- to admit the testimony In relation to the l>e- us- after the first half speech stairs Mr. Burch she;that sheetfledthat1 tesUfiedBrown, offered;qpoa dontknow;tions of the deposition of Mr. and Mrs.;SMart there in the Court House at;;then agafai entiaated me to pityher and;X of McLean's we were room" not aresick I heard her say, Fat.xer, I am guil- to let rac oome and aee tbem when theyaj;don't know reason for not going Into society more. But the Mr Siuart was standing by Mrs. Burchwe went to dinnerX then told Mr. a leaving us standing near 5ome gentiemen rarriago,my;;say whether I I think X tesUfied thatStuart a notemarriage lumed a Uttie and handed it to him, and he put it in;:;to heror when he retiuned ; think Mr. Stuart was at the and Mrs. Burch could not be admitted to test the ac- not on one occa.<ion, when Mr. Burch was just corn- repented, and that /or eighteenBurch wept bitterly duiing*pTMy "2 the tauthat time;see ; ; I think thatthere Mrs.Valentineshe said:"IknowIhaTe wmrtodT wouW shoot him:dont youdidnotmeanto that testilythedeposiUon wasnot all read to mebetterdinner; I went into the miUlner's, and ny hosband ;' she then utuk har youngest chUain sbe said "also, Oh, Valentine, yo"during the Bank panicsecond time was the next erening or the eveningre«oi'<;'=»Jfi"£e defendant,I did not itop on tiie way; wm Itba room at lira. Burch's request to whUe Mr. Burch to persuade;;m^let her she would not words of sUnllar '"P'.'^h.JYn the Cramerthe reason I did not before recolXect that Mr.goyoung lady appearance.Mr. Birch was away looffar than X at first sup- in black., and s^ve her (estimofiy with aing;of the witness' recollection.strange to test the memory of the witnessevidence as lo facts, which could not be otherwise In-rub; Uiat avrfulthat I did not troduced.; I gueM the jus- Mr. Beckwith concluded to read but twohim atwhen I came out she was talking will* Mr. Stuart she told roe that when I went ahead sht had^^°m^e or ^interroga- Brown's deposition relatingwho ira« atandmg mchild, act's tniagh ;"papa mamma knomUttie know tbe FaiU;" ~ partiestothXflautt Mr.OT elovenme at £e iea-«l5^ *^ »J>«* hea^tehe, aad couldBurch wished &; if Decemberbusinesslitiraiyhail into thethat i-lie had, afitr talking with him a short time,pariorguessed she would if he hud come James', but that Mr. Stuart might go and if ahf had not seenker us heflattered me;"the librarywhymy Stuartforget It. but toln Stuart she did my "inMr. Burch left word hi>urs; did not see Mrs. Burch return' tiiaCawayFanny, thsy yon kindly ;"i &iiv**jk(b.dutcusincenermarrisjre-Ihim she said he w;is ;mother, and asked her to send for me ;pt eventedwbere to find the lai.d I was there tbree or fo;ir other tinie last Fall did ^«e him go into the house when he returned after tea, Mr. Uubau/d and Mr. Mr. Burch ; after the attempt I went up stairs and she would Id him m ajttr the rest kad retired that; ; ; aud and inight; that she would lignt the gas and leave the window openthe xcaj ;''home I had on one rubberup;marriage about tan think about the Itfth SpauWing, my cousin, wi-utercnlng JJ^*"^i ^^^^1!!}^Iriz._« i^OTme," just when ib«kailHlOOT closed, and »he .aiTwas then ; they were nut there-whcn Xlubbard antTXioyd li>ft ; Mis. Lurch told me ihat she and Mr. Stuart left ; itone In the parlors or Uieroom and stayed one or two hoursto see themUiu^then wentmylived at Mr. Burch's at •as It would befor ;IMiss Boyd ula she would detoia oie bataaitBala; Miss Boyd said her brother wished to say that he was so angty, ihat ne did nut luoW wliat he wrote Satar*next saw Mr. StUHrJ at Nelly Kittsey's ^Kddiug—she houf e —partythat 1 about a month after the visit was, think,Where have been?" Mrs. Burch and you replied,go up to see mother;think it wasleft Mrs. Burch alone at home in theihey out, she, (Mrs. Burch,) up;generallyand myself and Miss Spauldmg came home together.told unclees next day Mrs. Burch remained in iier own room; after that her meals were taken up by witness or Mar-Josephnightson Tuesday uncle and Mr. Famtiam heard her cry whiiatilings;spealting Stuart wasa wrapperCarlysle Boyd;;;' BurchMrs. Burch toldamrathd*PO«*ttW*•***»hbedwhenwa dacehertoukeonfw"ftS^'""wplJnB^owjiS-nam B»,l Siuart lher« the even- Mr. Joseph Turner accompanied us to the house Mr the saia iier mother did tot like to have her go out ia was In tbe parior and wookl like *o aaa Mrs.;Mi^ Stuart and Mr. Burch were there the ceremony occurred at Old St James'; 61 the after- Mr. Stuart sat behind Mrs. Burch, so Uiat to speak noon, and following that, the reception?; Mr. Far- to him she would thave to turn her head to the nam asked us to ride with them ; >irs. Burch right ; when we got liome iu Mrs. Burch's bedroom,to ride with Stu:irtdined with us at 5 or 6 o'clock after dinner we went stood her to she did it to Mr. shewitness and others werewife, in the Ubraiyalo^the Spauluing, Mr. Turner, and two other young gentle- left ;bclore sheas I went to get into the sleigh, Mr. mitted having bad a private interrlew witb iter uadao'clock rccoLecl to the theatrethe wlteeu also ad- confession wa* mad*was cle arrivedwashe said he had been wailing to see if Mr.howl can help it ;*'Mrs. Bureh did noton our return 1 went Into her room, and Burch, and If she could not aee hCT wouilMerrick didlo call when ttieFaw Mrs. Burch together onbowsrer,said VtaX mZ Stuart cooll is c*>ming; I went down stairs and passed into alictwards that when the tie 11 she went to tbe nut be punished he thought it wa* a State PrijoarySpaulding was la the and tnax mttiart irmr to the door and sffUt it at to tie led on sosaw Mrs. wiih Mrs. BurchlluKhai.dMrs.Stuartinthegrapery;itwasinn<>ncbutthefervantsInthehousewithMrs.Burchnottell now;"1wentIntothe towritea had dtobornewithHr.could not as lo the sayMr. Turner went withMrs. Lurch was alone when wc re-Bb utItttf), le«iiig them withI can- would nM allow nlm to wiraalk home with her: that sha herjtold mewouldn't do It ;tcouldnot tell the truth ; after I left Mr. Burcb 1 went tl.ereto &e^ three servant gills who lived with Mr. Burch; onceihat Fall; X next saw Mr. Stuart there in the day morning—the previous day was Friday>ou ;" he said youhe annied me to le<ira anothertime,b^^^il tss hours; could ro^say how long they wore'•E-tst;she had made anJill. uuiy and Jime, 1859; saw iiXra go ii-tu the hou^e very nicely^ she siUd Mr. Siuari had g-me up Buich ma<Jc me promise I would not tell Mr. Burch, eleven o'clock the next day; Stuait caaw; taaiawtold Mrs. Egleston about the elock storytell n:e It waa a lie, aud E had better come aud take itback; don't know ttiat 1 had money from Mr. Burci On 'li.g ih;it time; next taw him tlit^re in tne I'*ali of U'wntocarrya note to send to Mrs. Sher- on account ofshe said Uial thatwitb Mr. Stuart,* lo meet tier at her hoisa 9fshe did nutappoU^ ;Siuarl asked her if Burch would be home that niwht,In lil5sand Istanding by; 1 said to Mr. StuartXhcr- Uurch washand tobave known he would be there if ahe wa* coin-;me,present it ;Mrs.mightby asked him to send a for her lie did so that she liked Mr, Burch welt that at tbe same time for her(or Carlyie Bordi hiuband, Henij Par-sayplease Stuart,;at bookswhy put up myattemptedto about bait past ten Burcli sent fbr us to come downstairs; 1 found Mr. Stuart and Mrs. Burch silting in tne parlor, one ontable expectedwas alMUt theit time that Mr.;into theBurcii'sBurch and Stuart danced a long timeBurrh aud Stuart went Into the Ubrary, and as much as thin she rcspcrted him; I asked her why thought it better to try to lire together; inslMed (b*mother were crying, anl that her inovher Wds sittingtt^hurch she had forgotten her shoe-buttoner 1 told morning my sibtcr asked me if 1 heard any one crying ihe front door was locked between Monday and tbeMay and spend the evening with me ; we were called on her father's lap ; Mr. Burch came down to dinner ;to tea very s.ion after tea y\r<. Bitrcn came down to gu Mrs. Burch may have come down late ; on Thursday On furiher cross-examination, witness testified tliat;her 1 wouldasked atKJuf the door; oidn'tgo lo the iiousc cxncri- thim other lady friends ; neither family often had gave it lo him, and told liini to excuse me to Mr.--. wt cping ; she wep: while ne prayed ; after my customary to lock the front door.town one with Mrs. dayLurch said Siuart talking wi:hI did somorningwhen sheing upshe wouldtwo of Three walked home witn us hour ;rived.;genilfiuenjoined remained about;Mr. StuartI remaiucd in her company until Mr. Burch ar-I have been loolisii andMr. mother and sister, Lizzie Burch, accompanied me my mother re-on Friday, received the;dayI next saw Mr. Stuart at his own house, at;the paperliurch said nothingpresentBurcb retained the paperDavidout of the room a long whilenothloi? par-haveturnedabout seven or eight o'clock in eveningchUdren do ;think vlB bats my bvbaad;;;ray;;goodsimply ;recollect mygoingmother he preferred it given up,;and tnat room, andMonday moritingfeel miserahle atshe asked me if 1 saw her do It and I saidbe inn 'off 'he steps of Stuart's office, we were going tried to Itvt a virtuiius life ;monthsr'« vnn- that Stuart them was as to who was not to do it again, as peopleshe saidUons of the man at that timeabout tb« faaclna-cOnUnualfyn>« !>•telling me butto Mr. and Mrs. Burch'ssometimesIwouldgotoFeeif tome,becauseIthoughtitmightbecor- presentwhentheconversa-camedownandtoldher 1heardMrs. Thewyij^^enownoutI think It might be tions with Mrs. Burch occurred as to Mrs. Burch's would notice it ;when unclere- mymytosbandInto ject In having that interview society—the wish of hershe turned to go home,think Mr. Stuart reason for notwas at the house tbe day that Mr. Burch left iBOthar that sha shouTd not. In the second conversa- and they started towards home, papa;going;IBTBRKSTIKO TS8TI1I05T OF 11188 PANKIK BtTECH.Uie avenue, and beentalk- hid ntothat^had and thitwent out tnto;to Europe healUi-UlLabie ^was,"rhe w ould come (here ii he got tbioufbilU ttttilBiliVi"Iwnt to ml70abow it(lut was aU I beudjntiteledDocmaumrent;was thereand then said I hadroof;"Uimk^ ^"'^.K.oUea.;as she could see sinned against God but think how 1 have wronged can be and sent to Uie punishe"d:she wa< she hat! icd him on so. and bet'L'ed liira toIn the aftemopn,purelonger;;; Itws*ture. They were the alleged confessions of Mr*. rnorniiig after going to the theatre MissK Spa'ilding, A/m ; f^lie said that Mr." Burch asked her if sue coulJ Burch. After few more immaterial questions, tbe ex-remain ainto the question of Mr. Burch's trtjdtment of his wife heme from the Kast, 1 do not* remember that -Mr. Burch had said some dreadful tilings to her ;:;stayany longer,**Stuart commencedun /know have seen liim at Mr. Burch's and giving him information about Stuartuncle lial*'told him of every one we had seen but Mr. Boyd ; Mr.andthesicknessone Mr, oftentolamenottottilMr.Burchthatwehadmet theyweretheredown to' get some ice where Mr.?. Lurcii directed asked him to wait, aud he did so: 1tuld him tuatBoyd; i-hebeggedhimaildinnertimetotellherwho hadtobatheherheadit at Mr. SLUiiit, whu picHed it up and put it in his friend was Itiat told him Mrs. Burch w-rote a note on could get a more fashionable (me in Albany ; she lial ;v.omaii llirce mouths she saidthink she said Mr. Burch dtctutcd the note ;while we were dressing for Mrs. Farnam's dinner party, she came to my room and said she could notledgement of a deed in tbe usnal manner anand she joinedand that Mr. Burch said she had better novas it wasrhfui^'htto her anoiit L i\. l.e f, it ti ery t'lnt he met Ijer aloneQuite willmg;"I um/i U when we returned Mr. aud Mrs. L'urch went into the document; she answered,his she told me to go and stop Mr. Bur.-.h, only to siayunder —fhedidnot; after tea Minnie almostwanted to see tier, and that much further conversation;not,;excitedshe told me that a long time asked what Mr. Burch said;she sent for me to go up stairs ; ;Mrs. Burch;;;e^^ Iparlor, and were theredesigned for that dav should net be given upUienhe said he Mrs. Burch told nie tlial tmc:e said the dinner party tered Uie roomhare itasked me to ask tiim not to given upleading:;do bla not let bim bate me: I do not expectand was there our I went home I talked with Mrs.1 ilid when my uncle came bacK sne ran intonot worthy of it ;" then she ^aldthought sbe hadwl^w moto 'TMn>said her mamma weeping^^fg^^gnt's *•with iier eUldrenmy olBce,;:Fanny, plead or he yoSng lady's parlnts,:her lap aud your papa't aiid thamma'a of Uie deceptionshe used towabe did thisturned with Mr. ValeatlBa and want into Mrs. Burch's anoUier wWi suchdetailed;;;;wa* no earn- Saturday bete* ; she told me that Mr. tbe day Mrs. Burch finally left home, Hr. Bona,time very forlookingordered dinner for tbe partyshe told me that Mondayday he had told her not to forsake the eldldren»»oiBb"j« " have to me; H*Cliicago who coiilj have resisted S:uanno person expressed a dedre that witness should testify anything but the truth, orNapskvillt, III., Satuniay, Nov. 24, 18M. (in the opening of the Court, John E. Valentine,chUdren better bow, a* I have told Mr.I Burchintended telling him everyUiingsit, ami how long 1 struggled »«»»hf' i'^tter than allconfesalonthe?Immedutelywitness that Mon-; but thet«b2m m»f'I^TM,- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 