 ns mimsOFm EIMEWEVUE HI Bprfis BMUm tJMi Ikdr ffifeet « ttoHi CAMPAJfllM*WHAMPSHIRE.fcrxeed that it wn# all it wen expected to b*—merely a gatberxgtodel.berateuponplanaTorf..luremotion. treasurer reported that ail claims against the asaoeliJtL aad bee* paid, and that there ware o » hand twoctoUera an1three casts, Tba announcement waa received withaa H waa generally eutpecad that to* ataocta-•wax ewSarasw*It waa them resolved la bald a meeting at lb* Gtypomttd to procure speakers from abroad, and make alltufl as a Northern farmer wov.ld sell a on* or a> yoke of e»a. SUwry reamreoalargetoirl. aaf trrra fsagltt bad accused tao rep-iblieana er wrthme to smother tba nenulier institution. The Wenm-''the Je«a of the South ewaujwta*tba Q a J t o * » • j * ? ^ teroue. SeBator Jabator-, of Tenaettee, recentlytoW mm (dark) that in the disturbances in Ibattstoe a >*P, "WIf' bfejfa*ioTto|**^NCO»?noj^The foHcxtng delegates to the Chicago Convention weretba necessary arrangements, a letter from Natich, Mas THE LABOR RKVW .8ION. saehoaetts, waa read, showing that tba strikers there were flrsa and making soma progress, having brought two of the moat extensive* manufacturers in that place to •ronso m CUVAMI a ctffECTicrr. terms, aa announcement wtiMsb was received with much enthusiasm. 1* aseJared that too bvepreealws conflict between labor aad capital bad beandeterredtoosong, aad conduced by urging tba "Joara" af Dover to standpeople became highly alarmed, and that any P>tttcma» skinal, Henry M. Low, Passaic, David Thompson, Wm. G. could have gone "brougb tbe State and ^ t o U n w a i M Lathrop, Thomas Camming.tbe sympathy of theirta there, sa wen asknow little and care iese about him.The impression which almost uaaatottaary prevails it that Wilbun L. Dayton or William Parmtegtoa are the only men who wfil receive tbe eathwaapport of the NewTo THi SENATEor saw XJt Iatod of Felmatloa requested in taidof the State of Texan, aad the "of tha "r^*"0i a* • .•PPOSmONCONVENTieMI NN E WJERSEY.seen taking home a case or stock proposed to appropri-to be oTtur fond of hat glass, it a _ -.,. .-_.ate twenty cents par day from tba funds of tbaatanciationfor the purposoof keestag tba«atab»e»niewcit wubthe.writwortd.tooreertoj«vaathatfinishingthework,n otieWe ration of the suffering which his family mighthave to aanure in consequence, tba proposition waa aban- offered no counsel not taadered any eympathy to the des- doned, a proceeding highly creditable to the strtkera.cellaneously around, tbe cause being the nomination of Mr. Doer by a portion of tbe Hudson delegation while the others were absent The trouble waa finally sealed b y Bending tbe whole delegation back to do their work over again. Tbetame gentlemen were, however, againre- ported , aad the meeting proceeded In harmony^jwnntfli'^'*>nr*>AirirN^ **•* w * *t•*-•**••DauHATae a t LAJtr.E—Hon. Wm. Newell, Hon. E. T . Jersey delegation; and it la ru-ocgiy battered tbat one of Rogers and Hon. Theodore Frc'inghuysen. these gentlemen will be the nominee of tba Convention,Wa,Pat—la toa resolutions* u»e' Senate WCAUBB CUBtHPO OH THE STUMP.Diriig the report from the Fifth district another scene 00 tbe grounds above mentioned, namely: tort Seward,of confuaion took place. Hudson county was in an uproar, the strongest man of U>e opposition outside of New Jersey, ultimo, requesting to be turatteae wsh "say ^•to * and quick words and angry glances wore scattered mis- is too sectional; and Hates, tbe next beatmaa, is too much ttoa" which "may have beam rsmtiai^i" *yS^SJCM|aSlfJ^*^^*<turn to the lest. "jour" had I It waa announced that a recreant I be WSJof aa old woman to obtain tba number of votes necessary to their nomination.The Convention was certainly Dayton and Pennington to tbe backbone, and from tba beany cheers which tallowed tbementionof their names,aadtbaapparentlystudied avoidance of those of Seward at Co., it would atom as If theyTH^ STRIKES(THE CAMPAIGN IB SEW HAMPSHIRE.Tbe speaker pictured tbe evils of slavery by telling seve- ral pathetic stories about the suflerin* ha had witaessed amongslaves,sndapp'aledtobisauditorsverymuchsnail aboBtwn stump orators and lecturers are wont to do. H eaortaaee, to have a ssoc not rtaj A rail now having taken place, there ware loud calls had entirely dropped them from cotjeideration. This, of progress of the troublee on that• C BKFBCIaLCONCORD COREEHrOMITBNCS. Cojwonn, N H , March 6, ISCO,e> i n .V«w Hastetsir* Horn WiliMUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.lt will appear from«4fM the PeHHcs e / the State T-Pndi&me / A c PaUt&ud Pt»rUe*—AnticipatedA portion of tbe shoe strikers of Natick, Mass., got op a ticket for town officers at tba election oa Monday, but itamongst those having tbaOne thing (only is certain, ana that is tbat beginning tbsee dlfficn trios bare rapidlytheSecret Large i Lcm—Outfy Well Siah Played (hav-S*«at*amh*cident-KUctKmtirxcktinN'Ka*mpeiurt- ToUrtartUaatiVdiM,4c, 4celected their Moderator, George E. Bocfcwood, and the Town Treasurer, D. B. Jewell; bat the opposition candi dates for selectmen, school committee, assessors and constables ware elected.of Texat. with the aptiroval ef to) Central tt, v — , m without the sanction of the War Department, hwaed «. dert directing the abandonment of Fort Brown, ftagani Berracks and Fort Mcintosh, posts oa tbe taotaeGnraeaxtb*.,ef tbe sbeemaxers of Sew England la ttevmg ill political effect ia th* region, aad the teachtea* aad coarse, relative to tbestrike, of such republican i Journal, which oat had a large dr- ift these parta, are doing more than anythingito wean a m of muscle la the Granite State troax theTOWN ELECTIONS IN MAINE.On the 8th met., the annual town election waa heldeach garrwoaed by a stogie ooaapaay of The reaaoaa assigned by Genup theas peats are given te afrom him under date of March to, IBM, ofraoatat! tea f»It m eonfldealy predicted the* Tuesday next will witness a diminution of tbe repub-mocratic Moderator by twenty five majority. Last year to I- tbetownwaacarried bytherepublicans. Tbeannua pATili of black repablJcaaina,aU waota Bsjority !a New Hampshire to at least one-half tbe factories along tbe route, many of the operative appear at tbe wmoows. waving their h&ndkershiets, and b y othersjajsiIjaflastyear. BatItIsnottotherebellionofthe entdwatoera aloas that this result, so confidently aatici paasd, is attribotsd. fassiue that, the causes of UI.B revul- atsn a sweater sentiment are fourfold, viz 1. To the natu- ral abhorrenoe of the reasoning masses of the State to theiafaewHttonamassymbolizedandembodiedmthe of John Brown. 2. To the monetary interesta of fee capitalists, which are jeopardised by tbe bars prospectaf tba election of such a man as Seward to the Presidency aftbafittedStates. S.Toadeep,afathomless,abroad sentiment of patriotism, of fealty to the ; tba people, Inheretad from past generations. bam, 4, To an almost universal desire of tbe active m entobeontbewinningsideinpolitics,withatolerably dear prospect.ve view of the official loaves and fishes.ant> slavery, as a political question in New Hampshire, • theoretical The masses of tba people hardly know ia negro la. Tba theory that a human being is instrikes them as forcibly and as deeply as someaf the cordwainers' strikes have struck the bosses; and aito shake off the bondman's shackles la as naturalis a sentiment to .-strike off the burthens thatexpressionsoi sympathy bidding "Godspeed"totbe causeThey ooubtless rememberfthe days of their own tribu- lation, when they were obliged to appeal to the public for protection against the encroachments of eapilal, aad 1 be- lieve the a ay is not distant, if it has not already come, whenthelaboriugclasses»!"theNewEnglandSuteswill be obliged to form a league for mutual protection againsthe increasing demands of moneyed interest.The strike is very generally participated in by the shoe- makers of Dover and vicluky ,and the silence of the grave pervadesthetemplesofSt.Crispin hereabouts. The "bosses"declarethemselvespleasedwithtbeturnthings have taken, as it gives them a chance to dispose of theirtownwentfortbarepublicantbythirty-itxmajority. MUNICIP AL ELECTION IN MICHIGAN.were ate hurried, to •otapprovedby tba aeereairy, Bavrtg en extensive froodtr.to makteg eaOy taraeds apea iso long borne down tbe poor shoemaker. £venwithin a few weeks, thanks to the enterprise of the it would enable them to indulge to some luxuries er con-veniences which hare hitherto been monopolized by the Maw Yens HSJULO, whl ch has given a more enlightened privileged class. This la the matter to a nut-bell. Theana intelligible view of the labor question now agitating laboring class at the Norm must be kept down or they will encroach upon tbe privileges of the manufacturing tba New England mind than any paper, even wltttia th<s aristocracy ofNew England.: And such is the philanthropy assets af tba Maw England States, a vast change baa been and humanity of black republicanism—a philanthropy thatwroughtintbeopinionsonthissubjectofthefarmersand wouldputthewasteworKingclassesofthiscountryupon a letel with the white slave* of England, and make theworking man of New Hampshire. Unfamiliar with the boasted "free labor" of America free only in nune. In night of a negro in bondage, their eyes have been sud- fact, it is that already.denly opened to the apnetxele of whits man in shackles in The (Vl^ ran vea aad mechanics of the New England their own State, mayhap within a stone's throw of their Stales art; beginning to see through the hollow pretensions own boseeateada. They are beginning to rub their eyea sad mock humanity ef their rulers, and tbey are growingrestless under the load. Every exertion is now being andsureat thatstartlingfact. It laaafrightfultothem madebythferepublicans to divert the attention oftbea* tba worst of the fabulous pictures of the suQerings of enoeciakeis from poldical quesuvus, upon the grounds aba stave presented in " Uncle Iom'sCbhin.'' They be- that the present depression is not owing to any political influence, but arise* from causes altogether fisreign to gstosay,"Wehavehadniggerenough—meusalittle politics. They know theoriginofthe.present trouble, white man. Give oar white man a chaaoe to live, to sup- and fear the cocftequenoea if that knowledge onoe breaksIt would be as just to call the landholders of tbe North full of opposition to tola great locofoco monster, and that sn oligarchy. There was no part of tbe world where whatever I can do in my labors shall be given in a mea-wealth was so unequally distributed as hero. Nor was it sure tbat shall satisfy every branch of tbe oppositiontruethattheSouthexcitedundueinfluence intbenation. With few exceptiona tbe North bad always bad its share; i 18 auakut-ts bad been in tbe jealousies and rivalries ofits statesmen. The unity of the South was a defensive to give such votes and advocate such a platform aa any the workingmen's societies of this State. Its object hi to Fort Duncan. A detachment of artillery bat bee* « unity, and in the recent contest for Speaker it had almost man in New Jersey would be willing to stand upon. W e take action upon any measures to which workiagmen are dered to scout between Forts Clark and Duncan, sat a disappeared. The irrepressible conflict waa said have whipped the democrats once, and we are able to do company of cavalry from Camp Hudson to the aa* to be between the free labor and slave labor so sgain, with the Camden and Amboy Railroad com- interested, and to devise meant for benefiting, in almost point."The "jours" are ercerly and quiet, and no djeturbances haretakenplace. Groupsafthemcanliefoundatall hours of the day and evening collected upon tba corners sad la tbe aquaies, dtscuasmg the progros uf the strika, but no sispoeitxw to trespass upon the rights er praperty of oibers, or to oisturb in any manner the peace and quiet of (be city, has bera manifested. Tba appearance of a "scab" la gieeteo with various manifestations of disre- spect, and hia «sars are saluted with remarks more ek-piasaiva than elegant, but no vlolenoa is obsrea, aad ha pursues his w a j amid the jears sad ridicule ot his fellows. OccaaionaUy soma light fteartsd knight of the awl siags a aoDg, ar eaV-rtams tbe crowd with an impromptu break-down, and then subsides to await the moving of the spirit Jtkia are freely bandied, and occaaionaliyliho tedium la relieved by aa extempore speech delivered from soma convenient elevation, often more extemporaneocj than eloquent, but which serves the purpose, nevertheless, and is duly laughed at and applauded by the appreciating auditors-Today the strikers havs again thrown their banner to tbe breeze, ana are now parading tho streets "in ail the prideaadcircumstanceofwar,"withdrumsbeatingand flags flying, ^a the procession passes the various cottonBrown, of Somerset county, aa ex member of Congress, addressedtheConventionaafollows.—it may be among the people we are not, from personal obeervaUoa,enabledtoaay.part their families decently, and take care of your upon their slawsBavmg in tbe past succeeded in diverting the attention tal stateB and labor States. That nomenclature waaMr. WILLIAM Snrrar. "a republican Irishman," as heannouncedhimself,saidthat hohadlivedinibiscountrytor fiity five jears, bat so interested was he in the result•f tbe approaching contest that he would be almost ready efforts shall be sucsessfui, as the sentiment* expressed by to die when be beard of the success of the republicanaagroea yourselves."' Cutty • well nigh played ot"toe Northern laborer* to the deplorable condition of disguisei in part te cover up and distract at- sat in New Hampshire. You may set that dawn tbe blacks at tbe South, they nope in the present crisis to tention from the conflict between labor and capi- as a fact ; and without Coffy what i s . New divert th* minds of the working classes from themselves, tal at the North. <Applause.) Mr. Cashing thenparty, and tbe nomination of oae of the illustrious sons of New Jeraey. (Laughter.) It would do his old heartworking men, both here and in tbe Eastern States, we may have a new and most powerful political organization to the approaching political oontent—the National WorkHampshire republicanism ? Amazed and confounded as they are now at their past etniutkatioa, the masses in saw State will soon became fully aroused to a lively sense af their former errors, and, wheeling to the right about, march straight forward in tbe ranks of the friends oi the constitution, keeping quick step te tbe music of •• YankeeIt at strange bow some of tba abolition shoe mscufac- barere in this State falsify themselves when speaking of aba alatery excitement aad its effects upon their Southern trade It m but a few weeks since a prominent republicanabee manufacturer, doing baameas in a town ieaa than twenty miles from this place, was hi Boston, drumming np Southern custom. Ha boasted of being able to furnishand hence the imposing array of republican stump speak- aavarted to the claim of the republicans that thagood to see tbe matter consummated.The First district not being ready to report at the same logmen's Party. Tbe following members were presenter* now travelling over the State. >li is a noticeable, If not aremajkable fact, that none of these humane orators touch even remotely t b e question now agitating the Northern mechanics, but all their sound and iury is devoted to tba black slavery of the Scuth. "From the lulinessof the heart the mouth speak-eth," smith the Book; aad who shall gainsay it? DOYXK,N.H.,March7,I860.1stcustom. He applied to a Tennrwce dealer, aad the inevitable nigger never penetrates. J have been in New htog totally impracticable aad absurd. Where would Venseaseean told him, that although he (the manufac- Hampshire but one weak, bat I am surfeited with ugger- you get the money orthethipa? Tbe experiences withtime with the others a delay occurred in the proceedings, and Hon. Gecrge Brows, of Somerset, and H. N. Congir, Esq., of Newark, addressed the Convention.R«SOLlTiaV8.The Committee on Resolutions reported the following,which were unanimously adopted .—1. Resolved. That the present federal adminlatraii» is rereaardleawof the welfare bote of tbe Aaaetaoaa people and the government—lacorruptbeyondexampleandtoadegreeunder which no nation can long ealat-tbat while it n engrossed » profligate schemes tor anrtobing ita favorites aadeahtusUaa ypoaitbem tbe public moneys, ft makes no effort to extricatelast evening :—T C. Wittenberg, New York county. W.C Hoyt, do.Peter Babcock, Monroe county. Robert L Smith, Livingston county. J. R Kteg, Broome county.W. N. White, Erie county.8.Heath,Kingscounty.J. Fertine, Onandaga county.J. a Freer, Bwbaaoad county.J. i. Nlckaraon, Jefferson county.W. F- Flecker, King"acounty.Mr. T. C Wrrraamms, chairman, slated that tba objectInrvlMU.Speech qf Senator Clark—Bis Abolition emd. "Irrepreuib't" Visuz—Democratic Policy Concerning Mtxico and book, aad pronounced it moat mmoaaaa. abominable, Cuba- JUdfkaneu s / *V Southern State.—Heifer'sNigger—AbuhHomitm in If em Mcmpthirt—ban ten days Wscbington never prapeand to aboasbi lavery in Virginia. Mr. «.ushiag had read Helper's tbe Treasury from Us emaarraasmaata. eaaant by temporaryBonk, ate.» large amount of goads on demand—all he wanted was "Ob, for a lodge to some vast wildernass," where tba o expatriate 6,000,990 nagroea as a remedy for slavery, aturer) did hia "pegging" by machinery, and ought, there fare,tofillordersatacheaperrate thanothers, bewas no friend to the Southerner aad Southern insututmus, and be could not, aad should not, for that reason, deal withism. I breakfast on slavery propagandism, dine off a slave code for tba Territories, and sup lull of horrors on the Fugitive Slave law. If I ride, the nigger is at m y side;he Seminole* would suggest a problem in regard te tbe •oat. Aftersome approonate appease to tbedemocrats of Connecticut, Mr. Cashing closed.of&Molved,Thattbepurityoftheballot;boaisessentialto taecerpetuity ef our metrtottone, that the election franchise la one -<>f Uw aaaat sacred rights bequeathed to as by our aaces- tora, Uat those who attempt to nullify or impair it commit vir-trade could not but benefit ail trades. It waa a matter ofinterest,then,aswellasofduty. Hewsssuretbattherewas no need of hw making a long speech upon the sub-ject. The sympathies of all were with these strikers, andteoopeV-'lNovember al, laM—Gen. Twiggs repomtss tbereportsconcerningCortina*provetobemostlytab*; tbe order sending the troops to Brownsville bat bap countermanded."V>ry great and perplexing difficulties presented tos> selves in the progress of thane events to determine tpa tbe proper line of action to pursue. Cortina* was repa> tented alternately at a Mexican bandit, leading " mvaders,andaaaduxes ofTexas,merelyeagamdna private feud, backed by and opposed to BMafbaeva Mate. But about the disorder and growing feetisf of fas tilitybetweentheMexicansandAmericanstbtreeaaldb; nodoubt,andthereforeitwasdeemed propertowacat iratesuchaforceontheborderatthemeansandaaaa thecommandofthedepartmentwouldauthorize'shoes from a Southern State preventing a oonflagra mending it as a bold and manly effort againstin a small but well-known and venerated towu to- the sggreesjoca of the slave power. My tas-a-m On motion, a committee was then appointed, consisting of that Nate.£ *°i* "M«n*l Asaeaably, of whtob Mr. W. F. Fleck nor is l'reaidentwaa aJacbarged in a republican or democratic port, so he blew the bellows at the forge hia father hammered out Mr. BROWN said be should not have moved for too ap.which beat upon their heads and threatened ewift de- each as pertained to the honor or interests of the Cb* There being no further bumnees before the Convention, struction to their bonnets, ware arranged by wards, each federaoy.and tho boar being late, symptoms of a desire to adjourn ward having one or more banners, inscribed with anottoee But upon this call of the Governor of Texas, andn BBJIwere strongly manifested. Mr. Ransom,of Sussex, now- suitable to tbe occasion. Ward Una bad foritoaaotto, the undeniable proof of groat outrages nomnatter! ever, managed to secure the attention of tue members, ''American ladiea will not be slaves Give as a fair com- our soil, I did not hesitate to aadspokeatfollows.—OardelegatestoChicagoaregoing, pensation andwe will work faithfully." WardTwo— theforceupontbefrontier which tbaextgaawtesoftWhang aa tba three months winter livelihood waa secured; bis son's education on tho anvil. He had been that pointroent of tola committee a* he had net beliered that the resolutions would be an expression of tba wishes of thefa favorable moment occurring, the republican cruiser day through the Coobeco Print Works, aad while entire Convention. waa captured, aad toe whole cargo, women, children aad there was introduced to aa intelligent work-WBW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 1860.ci^fbarSafa^trwRbaaai toman te navalvery, aad perhaps to aid thaifederacy. Senator Braera wanted CMba anid ataxic •> for •bwery, abb Bsastar Matsvjr. ••?- had declared tliatwitbjmtetoveiylbCubaao asaud tot take nhave joined mdrlvicg all the smvaaoatof lto«ate. IBecause they were afraid of them What, ^ * < w 1 d be the 1*• & toa oomltom oi Georgia aad other Soothern States should they once put themselves without the pale of the Ualon? Tbe qcestion of restricttoB or extension must now be met fairly and squarely, and be was glad thatth«re was no one to prepare a compromise. In 1&0 and in 1860 tnere was a compromise. Ha bad nothing to nay against either Web- Kter or Clay, but be was glad that in this erisis there waa no r*ne to offer a compvomto.Firm I i-TKicr.—Senatorial, Ephraim Marsh; CoBgree- Flonal, Hugh H Brown, H. N. Coagar, Marcus L. Ward, Dinning Doer. •s>titute workmeaof Dover, but tho burden of his cry was nigger, nigger, nigger.for "Brown, Brown," in response to which Hon. George course, is the feeling manifested by the delegates. Whatnave made a synopsm of the tra frompapersonfileinteata the Senate because«Jr j j| eatsHelper'a"ImpendingCrisis"mysteriouslyfounditswaytnio the hands of a goodly number of tbe audience, chieflythose from tbe rural districts, snd I am informed that thework is being extensively circulated tnrooghout the State.aTHE CONTEST IN CONNECTICUT.DEXOC&tTIC MASS BtKBTXNw AT NEW HAVEN— SPEECH 0 9 GENERAB CALEB CFSHIKO.New HAVEN, March 8,1R60.A grand rally of tbe democrats of Now Haven took place this evening to hear Caleb Cuehiag. Charles R.Ingersoll presided.1 Alter aa appropriate Introduction, Mr. Cashing took tbeplatform, greeted by three hearty cheers for the NewEngland statesman and soldier. Mr. CTSBWG commencedby saying that he had had only a day'a notice to pro-pare, aad that this wsa not tbe oaly speech he intendedto make to Connecticut. After depicting the prosperityandgloryofthecountry,hesaidthatthequestionsoftheday: were.—"Shall this Union stand i" "Shall wo continueto have a common country?" "Waa it to •all by its ownweigflt?""HavewebeenbornwithsomacongeniUalde-fect, that predooma us to premature cadacity f" "la thefruit to be rotten ere it is ripe?" "Are tbe people of theNorth to persevere in angry, vicious, mischievous, ill-tempered intermeddling with the social institutions of thing for its existence. So much for their consistency. the South?" Reverend ministers and high reachingstatesmenexhortedustodoso,sadtbepress echoedthat exhortation. These weapons of carnal warfare hadrecoiled upon tho clergy and done great harm to religion.Mr. Cashing then averted to Seward's irrepressible con-flictdoctrine. TbeannouncementofSeward'snamewasgreetedbyaroundofapplause"followedbybissses.Sew-ard would perhaps be the standard bearer of the republi- conclusion. I am proud to behave that this oldsuperfluous stink. There is doubtless much truth la cans in the approaching contest (Applause and hisses ) S J party which, under other names, has triumphed in thethese assertions, but it is evident to every one that if tba "jours" can only hold out until the present stock is ex- hausted,the"boests"willbecompelledtocomplywith their terms or abandon the business altogether.belt Gladly and proudly be would accept hhn as such. Not loop ago Seward announced the doctrine of a higher law, to which m en were to appeal. There waa some excuse for a man who chose to disregard law, waa never volun-past, wL'l In tbe ensuing contest plant tbe standard of victory over tho State, and give one of its own honored namestotheChkrMagistracyoftheUnited States. (Applause.) And whether that gentleman shall be a resi-sis®Under the old rates a thorough and eflicieat workman tarily assumed obedience; bat for a man who dent of your own beautiful city—William H. Dayton— increase of wages. In an advertisement ta yesterday's ooulfl average shout owe dollar a day, while poorer work- took aa oath to support the constitution, to profess to be (immense cheering) or another honored son—Williammen received from seventy-five to eighty cents. Occa- above that constitution was not only folly but deliberate Fenning'OB—(prolonged cheering), you will tee the old Hxiuu) notice is given by the Bricklayers' Union to bosssionally an extra workman could earn two dollars a day, but laey waref/are exceptions. la it any wonder, then , that intelligent and industrious men, many of them heads of fanithea, should revolt against such crushing oppres- sion'' One or tbe arguments used against the strike is, that the shoemakers managed to live on the old prices, and that if they were to receive two or four shillings mora a day, they would only spend it foolishly. In other words,army that fought for Fremont and Fillmore stand shoulder to shoulder and rank to rank in fighting for the cause tbey love. Abuilders that oa and after tbe second of April next an in create of two shillings per day hi their wages will be de-It waa not thought proper tobecause of the high military authority upon which * wm made, and because it waa believed tbat tba nxwenetifathers entertained similar opinions, a n d proceeded to refute it, claiming that there was proof enough that the Declaration of Independence was intended only for whites, a*l that Judge Taney waa right in maintaining that ne- groes were not regarded as citizens by tbe early colonists.n ptooT of the assertion hu cited a stringent act of Maa> .-acliueette, in 1 7 8 8 , against Africans other than sub- jects of Morocco,or citizens of one-af the States, who should tarry in tbe Commonwealth more*illy aad absurd—tt gnashed Ha teeth Kke a hyeaa sadof the meeting waa to osvtee tome measures to shoe makers BOW o a strike in Maasactiusett awatara States. It waa bat tba duty of tbatbe otherbrayed like aa asa. (Uproarious laughter.) It proposedratrteg by proper revenue laws tbe amennt tode- of thai State te stead by and assart their fellow working companies of foot wtth all speed to the Rio Grande l a tray its proper erpeaaaa andbam. The manufacturer scoffed attbeideaof his trade do I walk, the black phantom dogs m y footsteps; aad THE NEW JERSEY OPPOSITION STATE CON tual treason aaainst aJBtsmaan lnatitutiuna. and that w» trust in assisting their brethren in distress. Mr. Wittenberg'stoe pr*aent House of Bepreasnmtlveo wiU tevaaogate aad ex- tailing off in the South on account of politics, and when I sleep, my dreams ate disturbed by the presence VENTTON. pose to public condemnation anv instance ta which u*e Bxeeudeclared he had just received a large order from of a hideous Ethiopian monster, who hangs to me sa did DELEGATES APPOINTED TO THE RKTtJBLICA» dON- five baa brought tbe power aad patronage ox tae governmentremarks were enthusiastically received.Tbe following resolutions were then read:—Resolved.Thatwafully approveofthe movement toad- vance tte value of labor, recently inaugurated by the eard- wainera of MsssarhiiaiilsResolved,Thatwhilesympathymayencouragetbemintheir undertaking,materialaidsaavbenecessarytosustaintbem.Mobile, which he should promptly fill, as be would orders to theamountof$10,000 or$20,000 moreif offered la abort, he gave out the impression that his business was stover more prosperous, and theSouthern shoe trade never more lively thanat this tune. Atthatvery m:>- aa.ct this boastful republican manufacturer was upan the •e/y brinkofbankruptcy. Attachmentshadalready been issued upon his property, an 1 would have beenthe OldManoftie SeatoSmbad. Inolongerwonder that the people of New England are abolitioaists, basing slavery,themselves, andeverything else,foroneweek bat made an abolitionist of me, and I now go in for hang- ing, shooting, drowning, burning or smotheringevery nigger on the continent—anything, to abolish the eternalVEST1DN ATCHICAGO—CONFCSUN HITHESANSS. In pursuance to tbe call of the State Executive Committee,anOppositionConvention wasyesterday heldat Trenton, to appoint delegates to represent theStateof NewJerseyintheConventiontomeetatChicagoonthe 16thdayofMaynext,toDominatecandidatesforPresiinto conflict with the piirttv of electiona 4.Keeolved,TbatthetirstdutyofeveryAmericancitizenisdevotion to the corwtitu ion and the Union; teat we arraign and oppose tbe democratic party, as wanting m fldeiitj to both, becauseitseekstopervertaadmlsooaatruetbeconstitution into sn Instrument tor extending slavery, aad because it eheriesee armed dtmntoawts aa its moat i:r8uenual leaders.heailved, that a is the duty of all departments of industry tosustainandupholdtheNews>ngl*ndatrikeraserved but for one thing—a conflagration. His establish and infernal din about slavery. My companion in the dent and Vice President of the United Slates.meat wasunfortunately burued down onedayabout TheConventionwascalledtoorderat12o'cioetM.,and rail car desires the loan of m y paper, and at the samegrowntoformiduble and dangeroca proportion* At band of Cortina* increased rapidly, until ft! reached over five hundred men annd he postedon the banks of the Rio Grande, there keeping ap enslant and friendly intercourse with the Mexican tba*, and maintaining a n attitude o f determined sstaaV to all Americana. So things remained uani to 34th of December, when Major Hemtxelmu, *E* one hundred and fifty regular truopa, and one hasarei and eighty Texan volunteers, fell in wtth Cortina*, strstfly posted, and after a sharp engagement completely, taking Lis guns, camp equipage, aa*tiout<, and killing about sixty of tbe ' — 'fled with his shattered Dand to tbe M ^ K ^ shore,he still remains, insulting a a d firing upon 'across the river, in defiance of Mexican authority, a* tot} attempt to exerctee any, which is greatly questioned If many intelligent men having gooa opportanitisi tott- serve, whilst marauding parties of his men cross the If rer continually for the purposes of theft andThis state oi affairs, as I understand It, foundation of tbe report of tbe ~tbe Governor of Texas to tbe frontier tothe facts connected with tbe daturbancee oa tbe And upon their report he declares that Texat hi invaded, and he calls for tbe "interposition af tbacommitted upon the Territory of Kansas and the state of Vir- ot New York, to be forwarded to auch persona as may be au aad there was but $5,000 insurance upon the time calls my attention to Seward's last speech, com- organized pro tern, by the appointment of Hon. Ephraim ainia, and tfcat tae late attempt at Harper's Ferry to subvert, thorized by tee atrikera to receive Ri concern. Imagine the prospect of a $10,000 order fiowever partially the tnsUtuiion of slavery in that State, waa a,alatsb a s Chairman, and Charles S. Tunis aa Secretary. vtolaUon ultra ot ourprtnciplea, and of tbe rights and dignity vResolved, That we oort laily unite our efforts with (hose of t h e e w ladthe northern part of New Hampshire. of one from each county, to nominate permanent officersat the table requests my opinion concerning the of the Convention.Prodigious efforts are being made on both sides tocarry the election on Tuesday next. Tbe con- probable action of the Charleston Convention, A committee was also appointed to provide rules and ony of iia position ae tbe great representative of free labor, Messrs. King, Freer. Smith and others made brieftest is mainly for tbe members or the Legisla- and gives It as his opinion that no man in favor of the ex - regulations lor the government of tho Convention. and falls also, and will faifto derive from ita immense national speeches in support of the resolutions, insisting upon the It was then moved by Mr. Gnoses BROWN, of tbe county domains the greatest good for the greatest number of its cttl-ture, and the way colonmnj has been carried on tens ion of slavery can be elected in 1 $60. My bootblack cf Somerset, that a committee of two from each Oangres sens, until it shall grant by law an adequate bomeateed to necessity of union among the working men, reviewing the wouldevenamaaethefamoustilentworth,ofpipelayiug presumesthatifcertainmencouldhavetheirwayta ciocaldistrictbeappointedtoprepareandreportresolu- everyactualaettlerupinthepubliclaoda. historyofthestrike,ascribingit*origintopoliticalin-memory, tar Uoacs of honest ciuzecajmve been carriedfrom sure towns to doubtful ones, and their board paid this country, every worUngman would be a slave. Andtions expressive of the sentiments of the Convention.A delegate here arose and stated -that this wat a Con-vention called to elect delegates to Chicago, and cot to in- augurate a platform, and that so far as passing say reso- lutions endorsing any candidates, he was opposed to it It ibey bad confidence in their candidate, let th.jm go to (Tut-ago, untrammelled bv any resolutions, and act in ac7. neaolved, That we accept the Invitation tendered ta the trigues and slavery agRation, and calling upon the labor- opposition party in New Jeraey tosend delegates to tbe Na- ing classes to exert their political power for their own tional Convention at Chicago, upon the time and principle* aet good and that of the country, and not to be any longer forth in the call of aaid Convention.e. Resolved. Thatthe delegation from thisState to the Na- made subservient to disreputable parties and party lend-tar three mouths—tie periol necessary to secure the voting aaaaiaeattoa among tn«: tranamigratory or peripa- teuc voung population of the Granite State. Beth demo arats aad republicans enter largely into this species of baawa traffic. The trade is not at all disguised. It is asso it goes, day in and day out, nigger and slave, slavery and oiggeis.last night the Hon. Daniel Clark, the man that used to perambulate the State with a map of the United States,tional convention at Unleago are authorised to nil ah vacancies in thtir number, sod Ciat they are Instructed to make aUnooes- aary arrangecnenta la oonformit^ with the rules of •aid Con- vention in regard to their adaaiasatta aad mode of voting in thater*. The speeches were heartily aoplaoded.After making a few private political arrangements fortbe campaign of I860, the committee adjourned.THE LADIES' PROCESSION A T LYNN.[From the Boston Courier. March 8 ]The effect of the ladies' procession, at Lynn, yesterday,pmbuc aad legal as the coolie trade or the slave trade one-half of which was shrouded in black, delivered an cordance with tbe ciroamstances which might there body.among tbe Portuguese. Tbe whole political system of New addrers to the republicans of Dover upon the question of Hampshire, to contents like these—when a United States " pluck," or political right and political duty. Mr. Clarktranspire. Mr. A. MCLANK, of Monmouth county, moved tbat the Mr. Charles Dudley, of Camden, laid that in hia opinion -words "American people ' in the first resolution be it would be an anomaly in a Convention called for such a stricken out, and tbe words "the people of the Unitedtjaaaior is ta be elected—resolves itself into a system of doaaeatic privateering, and letters of marque are placed ta tbe bancs of saen ot mark to be served on all who are saat able to make their mark or show their colors upon toeis one of the United States Senators from this State,and a purpose, not to pass resolutions expressive of tbe.eense of States" be inserted instead. He aaid if the majority of ras somewhat marred by a driving snow stoman of very unfair ability.He commenced his address by saying that he desired to chairman, and worthy of confidence, aad would nottbe delegates assembled. The gentleman who proposedthe Convention felt as he did, that phrase would not have been inserted.storm, whtob set to between eight and nine o'clock to tbe morning, justthe committee was in every way qualified to sot as itsthe lane when out of town people would ordinarily atari4fu€8tions and remarks immediately poured in upon and for tbe city, and bad not ceased when the exercises arm" for the protection of the citizens of tbe State..(Qr.:—Ob, ahun.,> of politics. Some of these con-inra amusing. One occurs to my mind. A large be beard, not for himself, but for his cause; that he al- utter ene word in those resolutions to which eYerj indi- around tbe unfortunate mover of tbe amendment. An rther finished ia tha afternoon. However, tba morning trains This call of the Governor Is the first whtob bat yd> bad been taken on board by a certain republican ways delighted to speak to laboring men, aad that if he vidual in that body would not subscribe. He believed of those interesting scenes we have before alluded to brought in fair loads of passengers, and by tea o'clock been made by tbe authorities of Texat tor amy atabBtaadid not honor the working classes he should cast reproach the admituatraiian to beat corrupt aa ever exuded in our seemed to be rapidly fomenting, when tbe President country AS their principles were in utter hostility to tbe stated that as the resolutions had been already adopted, Um movement was observed by a democratic craft upon tbe father and mother whose memory he was proud administration, bo for one desired to have them engraved any subsequent action upon them of this nature waa notam tba sharp look out The cargo didn't care wbatbar it to parpetuatt. Ho was the son of a blacksmith, and while upon their banner and carried Into the coming cocfliot in order.there waa a steady stream of people pouring towards tbe in tbeae disturbances from this government BOdoubt te4vwiaer far purposes of ooioniation to a particular town.grand rally ing point of the day, the Common.Here, tbe lair strikers, nothing daunted by the storm 'matter involving local lawe and mtereate rather toaam,waa to a abort time dumpedintoatownwherethe man, with whom bo offered to shake bands, Mr.SCCUNTON,ofWarrencounty,stated tbathedidaot* required strength. Acta of retaliation, of but themandrewback,declaringthathiahandwastoo wanttoaeeresolutionsadoptedandsentoatlathecountry, unpledgedtoanyparticularman. Their objectlasimply "Sincereandconstant. Thelaboreriaworthyofhishire,' serviceelsewherewould allow. Toryrespectfully,ytw,»—ue from captures uke those and the way some dirty to give to a gentleman. He (tbe speaker), hawever, wbi -hdtd not fully embody the sentiments af the people to burl from power tbe oorrupt democracy whicn it des- "Right will triumph. May we never want courage." Ward obedient servant,poor voters in the State are hustled about to tba ot New Jersey. For-himself be wanted to see among them troy ing tba country and eauping ita very heart. fo this Three—"Be eare you're right, then go ahead.'' Next JOHNJB. FLOYD, Secretary ef wax.months causes them a great deal of perplexity assured him that smut didn't do a man any barm unless it a provision in favor of a protective tariff—one which end there are two distinguished names in Jeraey which I came a copy of Mr. Josiyn's newspaper, the Ua* Stale, on TO TBI " ttbaspringtallyactsin.tosatisfythemselvesofpenetratedtotbesouLTbetoilofNewEngland,hesaid,shouldrepresenttberepublicanintereststathefullestwouldaketoseepresented-tothatConvention,becauseIastandard,andadornedwithribbons.Tbeyoaaglady Aetna,Feb.15,Iftoown identify, for oaa of these votersto accept a bag waa rugged and sterile. She had no mines of coal, iron, manner, and at tbe same tune one which would announce tba town m whtob he a temporarily domi• cooper or tin, to increase her wealth, but the had what to the warId that the choice of this Convention was New• sufficient to vitiate hia right to vast, inasmuch waa better. She had freeman and free hands, and with Jersey's illustrious son—Hon. William JL. Dayton.know tbe men to whom tbey belong would do their doty who carried this, said she went to the office on purpose to 8m—I have tbe honor to forward by aay friend 6 to tbe whole country, were either of tbem elected to get tba paper ia tbe morning. Ward Four dttpteyed a Forbes Briton, Asswtaal Adjutant General af tba the responsible position ef President of tbJt republic picture of a tewing machine, with tbe inscription, "If our and a prominent member of tbe State Senate, But,for-mypart,Iamwitting tosustainthenomineeafammeatcasesberaadiiyprovedthathehasthusre Bsjbbc aid, • therefore a pauper, aad cannot enjoy grand, aestunable, giorieat privilege, b etheseshewaaabletoexoel more favoredstates,whereMr.GiLcaxm said itwaa knownwell enoughto tbeworld who were tbe illustrious sous of New Jeraey, and hh"e b"a"d* n"o" i'-d*ea o*f passing resolutions endorsing aay bodytbat Convention, whoever be may be, whether Wihiam L. Dayton, Simon Cameron, Edward Bates, or any other manwhocantravel down thedemocraticparty;andIcauseisnotjustnow,whenwillitbar'' "Weaklaphysi- cal strength, but strong in moral courage, we dare to bat- tle for the right, shoulder to shoulder wtth our fathers, husbandsaadbrothers.' ''Mayrevoiuuonsnevercease while tyranny exists." Ward Five had —" we throw off oppreaatoa: we strike for oar rights." "He that op- pieaaetb the i<oor reproacbeth his neighbor.' The mot toes—"Inuuitry is a virtue and honorable in all," aad "Oar union It complete, our success certain,'' followed. All tbe ladies sported bows of white or pink on tbe right shoulder, and kept up a constant laughing and talking to the ranks, quae at variance with the popular notion of military decorumOne ol them, aa she stood there oa the wet gram, with tba snow beating down upon her,said it wasn't half so bard as working for tow prteca.whichIdeemofimportance,anddesire thathia' lency the President snail cametder the content* tbttatttbedlouty of either« • » » to .to-t.ata*^aaa***•»,«~-"^«g?jUs^Sm'H ^"SW~~ ^so•rie••e••"• V^ itraagsitna i*a a•oi rv• I jwal uttTU1 K T , 1 National ItepuiUcau Convention to parlake of the botplthepoliticalmanagersmthisconnectionareI will set describe or enumerate them. It la sum- ta say aad to know that a bag of meal or a pound of under tba circumstances mentioned fictini of a candidate for the Legstla- may decide the election of a Senator of States, or nay other matter of great national•oi fractal* BOTB CObMSPONDtNCS. Dovaa, N. H., March «, 1M0.S waa always so much a bushel, they never taought of selling it by the cargo; sad bo had himself aeaa copper taken from the mines there aad aent to Maw York to be smelted by the "mudsills" of society, because there were not energy and entorprkto enough in Tanneases to do it. He did not intend to apeak upon State affairs, because ha waa not aware that there was anything in tbe local politics of the State that required discussion, and ha waa glad of it. Thefcouthernerssaid that incase a republican President was elected they would dissolve the Union. Now what worethe resolutions would embrace principles, and not express a preference for any particular candidate.Further discussion ensued of a rambling and somewhat excited character, and tba question being taken, the motion to appoint a committee of one from each Can gressic-nal district was adopted.A Dxxxtura moved that a committee of three from each Congressional district be appointed to natonsto eight Senatorial delegatet for the Slate.The amendment waa offered at a substitute, that Instead of appointing tbe number of delegates required by taeRisolved, Tbat this Convention cordially sustain tbe nominee of the National Republican Convention at Chica- go, whoever be may be, sa long as he is a good mancome one called for three cheers for William H Se- ward, but in tbe reaponae tbat waa made tbe hisses were as prominent as the hurrahs.Clieers were also given lor Abram Lincoln and William L, Dayton, andThe Convention adjourned sine die.THB CHARACTER OF THE CONVENTION.wtuchte,",#*> alfllcaBjr, aad oaaat toaa h#fc>Itbabreachatpresentexisting,and*»te wheregSS^JSJ*?'?**.?** tbat aawa.tLi-J***1**°*Fu d r*u l't r ^ t s ^ f i * t n "** s**u>9 l t ° ^ [ i t - — . a .The Committee on Rules and Regulation'. Btede their repirt. which waaaxepted.MrJJMXSTr'usKw.,vthenreadaletterfromagentle- man, written In behalf af his brother Jeraeymen, la Chicago, mviung tfeo delegates appointed to attend theFLU1TBBIRO Qj Mra Maryaa;ar—IhaveT> Ihaveta txto latter a j craved a**LACTOE A H tort, stayed the>yire, Mew T ork,» canst iwbtwte o. i lakeaquare,TipTailaq ' ^ w o a J d a a a a r a ; ! ,•JT^— torty proposedtodobytheTerrttortowhich - • a a w ,a a a a s s . « - — i w - * « " f W B d e „ 0 f t h e r o .OntakingthechairtbePBaaman,laabriefaadappro- priate manner, returned hia thanks for tbe honor oontoheadagain*,eagbothertotbe campatga of 1866,and w i t h i d e n t i c a l l y t b e s t a t e p l a t f o r m i n i s s u e b e t w e e n t h e m at the oat agaast which tbey are now both arrayed.Frrm all the inlormatioa we could gather as to tbe feeling at present existing among the delegates, the fol lowir-;maybecooslderoaasalairsummaryoftbaopi- nions which prevail :—Winam H. Seward cannot receive tbe support of the -delegation, 'cause ha la regarded aa a strict party man, covrel an over wtth tbe blue mould of a rampartSaiTsaa P. Cheat to act a favorite, first, at oae of thether oa tbey encountered the Lafayette Guard,Esaex, Mogford tad Gerry fire companies of Marblebead, aocom panied by aband of music andalargenumberofstr. kert, so that it waa eatimatert tbat there ware twenty five hundred m«B and seven hundred tseaaaa in the proces- sionafterthelastecccaetona. Amtheypaaaedalongthere waa ©tasJdetable cheering aad waving of handkerchiefs, and in one place a cannon was Brad. Ia tba course ot two hours snd a ban they returned to tba Common, where .Ct out of town oeegattoaa were dutmiesed, and tbe ladiea waittu very quietly in the street tor half aa hour, appa retitly lor totee preiiarettoBl at Lyceum Hail. At thiswas a lama affair, but;[ amuST* * ?-* ?* * seiaauaS*zT.*5*?*f***'"JsKohdi«rw,O<rernuau Faniry- I tetoie* of their becjes.tba blight of slavery rested.Tennessee had both coal andcopper,butshelackedtheenergytodevelopeherre- m amnamg aa tbey are numerous. sourcea. If a man went there aad asked the price of coal,atacandidate.Mr. WM. a AtxEM, of Burlington, aaid he hoped that accordinglyoffer tbe following resolution —I deplore tbe tatoaaata of Texas An empty titawTi tbe Indian troubles nnsTtmptsd for the aaat tan psat*,sai tbe forays from Mexico on oar anuttteia borders, m *•» calculated to impresa the mind of the Executive of to State of Texas wtth tbe mtneae es of tbehas, ia justice to hat fellow etttaens aadsame, should not tbe federal arm be speedilyextended in behalf of our suffering frontier.Tbe executive of Texas is greatly deatrous te avoid aay course which might raise even a question as to ttapre- pnety of h a action. Notwithstanding all toBtoderataw and desire to eschew aa attitude uapaaaaat to torn, may, mathorttime.be required to rsatedtetas leaatole right of eelf defence to protect hbjaBow^f?:tkm adopted expressive of the thanks of tbe Convention tn^S*M9^f%ljLfjy.\ forthegeucrosiiv manifested, » « « *delegates remarked, " because be dont know enough," and secondly, aad most important ot all, because he la an avowed abolitionist—"dyed ta the wool"—aad m eacharmtasted in a gubernatorial Convention to 18M by of the State of Otoe,sla- Southern con-then reported by dirtricts:—A W />triT»ft-.geaalortal: Thomas H Dudley. Ctxogrea-sloaal: Providence Lullam, Robert K. Matlack, Edward&co*d Dotrict— Senatorial: James T .freastenal: Arcb.bald R Pharo, Stephen B . Smith, A. M. C. McLaen, Lewie Shlnn.aasrdJtstrttf Bsaajorlsl: JohaL Bteir. Congressional; A P . Bet thude, A. M. Yoorheea, William D. Waterman, Moees F Webb.FOTMH Dwnuor.—Senatorial, Theodore Little; Coagrea-•aa."""„ . . „ „ . _ with: T with rusmooo Peoplehim aad among all tbega^sss-sIf I am compelled to speak, gentlemen, I shall go backto first principles—to tbe very foundation of tbe work-to the underpinaing of the democratic party. Talk about THE 8TBIEEB8 OF NATICE A T A TOWU ELECTION. exceed tbe contrariety ofthe delegation to Chicago going for this man or that man,1 go for any man who don't belong to tbe tribe of Douglass ana Buchanan, aad I am against them because theyare against popular sovereignty. Tbat is the foundation could not have obtained tbe general support of tba craft tbey seriously threataa the peace of the twa of our difference. Tbat la tbe thing which requires On tbe 6th day of February, I860, Brevet hv etort.il viguance to protect This framework of popular or it would have been triumphantly elected. The strikers IX K. iwljga, then comattadmg tbe Misaary sovereignty is what we desire to acknowledge; bat it isthat which the democratic party, who profses popularsovereignty, utterly refuse to regard. Did we not navean issue last year whether the government or the Senateshould be the nominating power, and did we not go intothe canvass and fight it out band to hand? And whatdid tbe people aay? Tbey endorsed the last, and appoint-ed another executive to be their nominating power, andbe exercised it to the satisfaction of everybody and in amanner which no man could impeach. Without tbe no-minating power the Executive of New Jeraey would beofficially aaworthlessasthehumblestIrishman,andhiaoffice duties be but little better than that of signing som-missicts. look at poor Kansas! She came into the con-federacy a Territory under the name of popular sove-reignty, but hardly was tho word uttered before Missouriwas transported over the line to govern her. And whata government! (Laughter.) And so the democratic par-ty have gone on, professing tbe principle bat caring no-But I have said all I intended, and thanking you for your attention,Igivewaytoothersaroundme. (Applause.)fewSally a. . I. after . _Mr. CoMixR being loudly called for, addressed the Con- vention as follow:—I am happy to meet tbe gentlemen here from the various partsofourState,aadthatthedeliberationsinwhichwe havebeenengagedpromisetocometo soharmoniousathesepostsareveryuawUtlagtokmtbeling a portion of the mmej ririnseaai soveromeniandtrooaa •fit t In conclusion, I bava reapeelfUDT Waay, teat I aaso far as I knew them carried out toe VMOBof ta*and Coeaaaanding General, and shall l ~ ' 8 myabutty;sadItisasourceofeaartii„ J2tytomad to find that I have failed in thw instanceyour obedient servant.I Major QeuemlTo CoL 8 Coorxa,Adjutant General U. 8. Army.perjury. (Applause.) Tbe speaker could appreciate the samples of a Quaker, but tbe man who voluntarily enlist- ed and then set up conscience aa an excuse for disobe-dience, deserved to be shot aa a traitor. But tbe higher past may be forgotten, and that the great army per day; now it ia only 81 78._who divided the cohorts of tbe enemy in tbe conflict which attended our last Presidential campaignMORESYMP A THY WITH STRIKERS.T H EEASTERNX ^ ^ J S S S S ^ * 9 teasaaaaitoaaatte debus J!-,"*?***. fteTvreAienaiid aa honest economical admlnistrattaB of (be federal governnaeat-keeping itaexpeadj. turea, i:i this time of profound peace, within ita revenue*, andb e taken b yin Gorham, Me., aad resulted in tbe election of the de- lowing is a copy —Baanajuasxaa DarAsxaaa* or Taxis,)*election was also held la' Buxton'oa tba same day pcetoteTaaaa." It the whole democratic ticket waa elected. Last fall tba' Lieuh nam GeneralAt tbe charter eleeticm at Marshall, Mich., on the 6thlast., tbe whole democratic ticket waa elected by 100 majority, a democratic gam of 200 since last year.THEELECTION IN DCNEIKK.Dcaxux, March 8,1860.The first election in tbe new town of Dunkirk took place yesterday, and tha whole republican and American Union ticketwaaelectedbymajoritiesrangingfrom80to127.THE YEAR FOR TRADE STRIKES.The striking mania is spreading. We have already hari ademonstrationonthepartoftheshoemakersofthecity_ and now tbe bricklayers appear ready to etrike for aa•tfts^nuttav: theportaontheBioGraode,andpkeetheSasVaaTS —T *bsrs la not ner evertae bean, any"dans?afttS _-». »^OMiB» « """ aateaf the rtrnr to ptoaa^SrewtaAalGentlemen, r hope that the distinctions of tbe manded. Tba salary of bricklayers waa formerly $3 would have already been made befers artoatotatatvlaw doctrine was now obsolete. Tbe pretence nowwsa ofan inevitable necessity for discord aad disunion. It wassaid that only some half a milion people owned will likewise go forward now, " conquering, and to con-slaves, and they therefore ontintnatorl aa oli- quer." I have not time to enter into a discussion of tbegarchy. That was a faHacy of fact The questions which divide us, or to speak at length upon the MEETING OF THE NEW YOKE CENTRAL WOREING- tember, entered Brownsville aad morderedmaster represented hia whole Jfamily sad dependants. glorious future before us; bat I will say that my heart is MEN'8 COMMITTEE—TUB WOREINO CLA8SBS AROUS- citizens of tba place, besides coaxaaaaag .ING—COLLECTIONS TO BE TAkEN UP THROUGHOUT THB STATE IN AID OF THE STRIKERS, Aspecialmeeting oftheUnitedWorkingmen'sCentralacts af plunder. This lnformattea came through Twiggs, the officer to command ofand to whom application was made for troops te theplace. TheGeneral promptly determinedopoala* datpoaiaoB of certain troope, which be tbat explaiat.-partyintheStateofNewJersey. Igoasa delegatetothat Convention, not to please myself, bat to representthe old Fifth district of New Jeraey, and I shall endeavor at the White Eagle Club Room, Union Hall, Bowery. This " 1 snail order one company of infantry to the jonctioig there faithfully and earnestly to discharge tbat duty, aad committee la composed of representatives from many of tbe Leoaa and F r o rivers, and ene te some patet beteStates. What conflict could there be where there bined , and out of tbe fragments we shall scatter around every way, tbe mechanics of every trade fa New York.ha addition to tbeae movements, orders were p a fromlataDepartmenttoGeneral TwiggstoreooccprFan Brown tmmeotatery wtth two companies from Fart Can On tbe 2Mb of October that information waa estawat- catedtoHon.JohnHemphill,a Senator fromTexat,a response toa reqnaatof the cttixent of lwoatovua^tBatjfor protection.Disturbances, however, teemed to merest* at arses*ville, and in consequence of communications treats) above named Senator, and from tbe citizens of the tars, relative to the disastrous state of affairs oa tbe IBbGraaat, received on the Sd of November, 18*9, orders were gkat from this Depai tment to move one company ef artiste? from Baton Rouge to Fort Brown, wmch orderaw promptly executed.On the 1Mb of November tbe foil swing despatch sat received from General Twiggs:—'November 12, 1 Set- Gene ral Twiggs reports tbat a a express bad just arrttti at his headquarters with information thatBrownsvUle 1st been burnt, and oae hunoreo tniartraaa kiUea by 0BB- nas. Heorderedoutsevencompanieseffeat analata* home, under Major Hemtaatman, to take tbe field."Tnia alarming state of afialra thus net forth by the om- maading General aeemed to demand tbatef hgttwasdiversityofproductionsandnotidentity. Lataman marry a man and there would be no harmony—(laugh- ter)—because there was identity and not diversity. Let Kassaebufretteunderaketoraisecottonsadtherewould be conflict with South Carolina because of identity of pur- suit; hutthe latest Invention was a conflict between capi-as,we shall gather strength to build up a party ona foundation which cannot be shaken.Three cheers were here given for Wlliam Pennington.Fortbelastthreeyearsthe committee havebeenendea- voring to concentrate tbe political power of tbe working, men, aotonty in this State, but throughout tbe entire coun- try,sotbatmenmaybeelectedtoofficeandmeasuresaiop ted favoring tbe interesta of tbe laboring classes. If theseCommittee for tbe State ofJNew York waa bald last eveningtarin which thaiIabundantly orotect the labor and industry of men in their iust demands Tba interests of all mecha- tbe toltowiBg despatch from the commanding Geaara tbe country from the degrading aad raiaoun competition of nics were identical, for what wsa for the benefit of one came just in time to prevent tbe above movement of a*6. Besolvsd, Thai the best wealth and defence of a free andIndependent yeomanry, owning tbe iaoda they cutti.stt* aad chutetts to stand Bam to their jnst demands andnever sur- that this government fatla and will fail to appreciate tliw dig render.laaoMfa- thepeopleoftbefreeNorthtodorWeretheytobeintimi- caboftheNationalCommittee, namely, fourteen, there Fromthe(berths*NewJeraeyisoneof thefiveStates Someofthegirlswereverygoodlooking. There were He will, in addition to •sallbtt to •eMwan^sa-• • • • • • ' of at* C^perobtw asjtt dated by such threats r He believed not, but rather should bo appointed a djuble sat, and that each district whose posiuotTin the Chicago Convention la regarded by children aad old people present.ueavar yet further to defer to the **•"•• ~ ^ l a d government But matters new aad startling arws, aaa be may feel that htt duty tt to asset tbe eeaargeacy a carthought that tbey would elect their man just to test thequestion of pluck The democratic party always uaedtheterm " black republican" in speaking of tbe freemen oftbe North, because tbey believed that smut degraded aman,and tbaSouth had become atarrograutthattheyshall appoint ita own and ene Senatorial delegate, aad that tbe three remaining Senatorial delegatet shall be ap- pointed by tbe Convention at large.Upon this motion a long aad stormy debate ensued Members jumped ap in every part of tbe ball without re- gardtoorder or anything else, spurted outlittlejetsofrepublicans at very uncertain the Convention at Trenton yesterday oceupiee aa important place in the programme oi operations. As to the course likely to be pursued by the delegates beyond that foreshadowed in the proceed lagsabovereported,itladifficulttoantra atany definiteTfi.e men ttrikert also were arranged by wards on anoth er part of tba told. Ward One had the motto, "Let tyrants tremble when the people rate;" ward Two, "Wa march to conquer:'' ward Three, "With the spirit of '76 wa hope to gala tba day." Thai banner waa surmounted by a butt, decorated wtth ribbons; '•Perseverance at oar motto,''believed that tbey could control freemen aa wall as they oratory, or caked each other to order, and for a while tba conclusion. But one thing it positive. Tnemenofwhom with picture of Washington. Reckvilie banner, "As bro-could their own blacks. The republican party of to-day Convention was a scene of excitement udoonAsnOn which tbe Convention waa ia tba main composed, and tbe thera we meet you; our cause a just." Ward Four bad embarrassed at her flnan••**wat anything but parliamentary. for to motioea, "Dope never dies;" "Knowing oar righto, waa aimply endeavoring to carry oat tbe policy of tbe Alter a great deal of pounding upon hia desk tad an ex- cbaraater of tho reanlotioaa adapted,mdicaue that a atrong we dare maintain them;" ward sax, "No ram or outsidefathers of the government, and nothing more. When, la ercise of patience worthy of a saint, tbe chairman suc- feeling of national nenter ratian exists throughout tbe police;" ••The clam bank at tha only beak whtob data notupon Mexico for all bar wroni from the feeeral government •I have tba honor to be your obeeteBt^aervant.^^^ Hon. Joax B FLOTO,Secretary of War.1784, Virginia ceded tba Northwest Territory, as It then called, to tba United States, Jefferson, with his far reaching sagacity, taw tba neotaaityof tba formation ofkxad of a government for to protection, and in tba ef tbat government ha wisely protected it by1787, from tba blight of slaveryAt tbat time the overnment bad no other Territory,ceeded in restoring quiet, sad tbe question being taken, tbe substitute waa unanimously adapted.The Convention then adjourned till half past two o'clock.AFTERNOON SESSION.The Convention reassembled, and tbe Cotamittee onPermanent Organisation reported:—For President, JosephState, which is opposed te all irrepressible oanfllct doctrines and ultra abottlon sentiments which have been the hobbies of William H Seward, Salmon P . Chase aad a boat of smaller fry who have ignored principle for policy.rob tbe poor."By half peat eleven tbe throng of spectator! in car- riages and on foot bad become ^wj large, aad tbe pro- cession began its march, ted by tbe chief marshal The L/na Cornet band came firat, then the Lynn City Guard (fifty men), then the strikers. Just as they were leaving the Common they were jotted by delegations from SauguaPorter, of Camden; twenty one vice presidents and five ly consecrated tt te freedom. T ae aacretariee.The Convention yesterday was about equally dividedinto Americans and republican! those w h o fought head aad South Reading, beaded b y tha Maiden band. Fur-L ^ MWORLDS TOItlO COaUttAJ. IaTWOOsUTqaVTers«a«. T!!**• Pjeotoly what the fi;parties mightreadilyg.^t»t prav^Mateverylim."^ Terntory "» 1787,and forever ferreduponhtm., w-» toe the mark without camprosaiaiag sjstte raised""**F» he sold a slave, 'She Iinvitation wa* unanimously accepted,iThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 130691 a reatlu-Untitled Documentbe wss sure that none present would refuse to co operate6.Keaulved,Thatwhteweareutterlyopponedtotheextensionatewrryoytfcepowerandinfluenceofteegeneralgoverneaent, we eonoemn meat unreservedly assaults by etUrena ofoae State upon die peaee, rights and local tnatttuttona of any Urns without delay, and teat the money thus collected be the quarrel, or who the parties to it at first, it has sw KateorTerritory,e«ehaawithinthelast-fiveyearshaveteen placedtotbesandsofRobertJ.Haws<vmrttolierofthediv-Resolved.ThatailWorajpgMan'sUluaa,andothersocieties who are friendly to the cause be requested to take up couecIt ia certa. L that whatever may have been the origix ofBesoived, i aat w e reeeaunead to a e shoemakers of MasseJ•total UvMVTrJ Ujsa QaassVaaAal Omm ^** - *• — • ,_ .-^_».-- TT . ••'" am tntaoay bast,.>Saw AWTowioJ^rAB^iga J^•revel, tbat 1 January.InformedteeSecretaryof' The order wsa not issued until teeDtfaat£Sag£trery could reach tbe troope. There was as welltbuaaai reason to spprehend any danger from tbe withdrawal af toe garrisons until the 30th of October, 1*41, a*W- matton readied the department tbat Coraaat, wsh t band of desperadoes, bad, on tba 37th at fb*.active mrasuree aboaldorders were at onceto send from Portartillery and three companies of toot andwere aent mtheecaamaaoerat fort Monroe tecause tt was considered by tbem, ap to thai time, m tresomtietr^*1*" *"**»•D a r a a ^ ^ a S ^ ' ^to OoL -*! «,*rwww.fultonhistory.com» 