 •fcssa ^**•*Iwindowsmanage to procure spite of all the starts,>»rli 1P" — — ***y»9BS*vafwarIsaseeeaiity Daw aanat in II.Ihrr ihnaM'of ths lea 'realises and-—GaFriaay. JWly a>im regnojudged there could be ao lack o f purchasers. Drivers o f carriages were on hand, too, with "Want a carriage, sir?''as before ia every respect. Baker's famous ".American -'Drive >on round for a dollar, sir." Declining aU these offers, a s w e wanted to penetrate into places where a car-riagewouldnotbeabatoget,wecatered theParkandtheveteran died hat tight of ia1186,wherehatthefor b a politicalsrttaha feairy la ITS* I f e r s t a a sths to Samuel Bsrraoa Smith, h MC. m 1799, sadwhichfty Cartf paralysis hi 1841thesanctityoftheday.Ateleven»dockreligious servicesWire held intheinToodle*astoattemptsootherofMr.Burton'sparts,to wit•Cattle,ia"Dombeyan<i*>u,"whichwill beplayed to-night atWallack's,withFlorenceastheCaptain,aedgardeners, has not the same benefical effect on them as ode day's rain would have, for the simple rea- son that thebranches hick moisture asmuch asthe roots. Therewereseveralwateringcartssprinklingthe drive yesterday morning, preparing for the grand rash o fdyeprivatelyappliedatNo.6AsujrBouse. •HI iiiBavtcbelor'a Wigs, Toupees and Hair Dyebareimprovements•urpaasingaUother*;naturaland eaaj; perfect hi, co turning up behind. No. 16 Bond streetBaaed hi the shadow a f the various structures ereeted for** -** P o B t fvlbea- weak d a y aeooouaodatioa. bestowed their admire- Cousin Polka' will be pfeyet daring the performance.it *^—••^""MyS.1fsMflaVvfA van aiaaMnswueWl VmtwalABB oat. iafthe BhajggaJieidHewas boraisla bottles were about the only sounJt that disturbed the Mr. Floreaee has been so fa. encouraged by his success But this, though aL that can be done b y the pees —The best in the world. Wholesale aad retail aad taeWOTBS, CAJtDB,A OTBIpictore dealers,of thehowever, rapidly leaving these behind, only stoppingdrink, who appear to reiaait aa much this samsear weather ns any biped among as. A t Fiftyamth street, theterm i s of the lineand entrance to the Park,we found- <»J uugh so early in the day, quite a busysseae. Soda water, lemonade a n d other cooling drir' » »>fBTS, djstj oranges and gritty, indigestible cakes, were for sale, and from the number o f persons standing about we__—r.••MewVorfcl]sales * * »ICan MAT"Wataaa sad Artat "l—.KMlar and pretty Gak sisters.-At Laura Kaenes theatre, M r .ftthhstartam toprevent themWe are,two gfesses ibr three sua! busy m trt, white tetter* a n d transparent bricks, allFlorence, and Mr. Jefferson resumes, of coarse, his famous character. Asa Treachard/ The popularity af this comedy has ia no way been impaired b y the very long run which It enjoyed, aad we have no doobt that it will attract a sa c e aadl&sBroadway. X.T.Broedwajr. Hew Tort Fattenareet, Biooaiyahad 1Slew iae retired to teatporary oblivion A s usual,aasBHffiat— in New York, New crowds of wen dreeaed people frequented the docks, itrofi full houses as ever. The piece will be represented exactlyOhio, Iadana and EUaoa, who ad-NO;Ths tea aBounces<- OurAmericanCousin,"JeBersau"with aearlyI'l YORKian II* theatres, w ttb morse*ass ttbett^atrasJlla aMONDAY,<*.»USc..4 97east*oae af the meet ssjsseejhh>ef sawasasr resorts.The present week prosniaes at b e a tittle more lively tfeaa the last. N i l e ' s Garden will be reopened to-night, With the Jwrlatqas a f " Alsddm," which has been gotten upwith aewscesary,4sc Theburlesque will be sue sorron of ceeded by a coaeert, ia which Maw. V on Berkel sags, aad ballet b;Mile. Thelear, a capital artist, with the popu-AaJeawrt of tbe'rPrytor!os *Ljraaay. He wasassisted byMk>M.l*la-THZcan—auxmsmaif»wm>,rrc.mpartwithallha tftasl » took a benefit at. the Winterry Williams, M r. George Jordan was altogether scry juecessful. Mr. sadMrs.W.3.Florence have hadbeuefltsatWal- aek's durtag the week. Mr. Plerenee h a s played Timo- thy Toodle. aad made a palpable hit in the character. I a flat musical way the week h a s given nothing except t h e very agreeable open a i r concerts a t the Palace Garden.A very perctptible Unanilaaal at thsstate afthe atmosphere had taken place yesterday morning s h e o p pretsive beat which l a d asted during ths whole weak had diminished, sad f a U s stead we had a fine, bright,morning, with a breeae from the aorth- east. It was decidedly the most delightful and invigorat- iag Suaday nmrniag we have had this summer. Whether the meteor on Friday sight hat had anything to do with it the Clerk o f the Weather has not beeogood enough to inform as; such, however, being the case, we decided on makmg an early start, and visiting t h e Park during theearly part af the day. Availing ourselves of the Sixth avenue car* w e were soon on oar way up town.pasing the closed stores, whose owners were sitting a t the uppercide.;•sal M a cin and his eagsswtf Ibr O K rote* in which they formerlyTorXS. to mmhejfthyearofhjisae. Tae funeraltwo otkThe frleads aadJohn & T ea*t, a a d . f-peetfully inv ted to attend.Fbttsviile, Peaa., papers wiUA 8F1CIAX MOTICX.~ - . F A TtheaanaaOalL.- ffeaaa,eanisneatfarfe the eafee, 496 Broadway." •CHEAP' -Barah•MB, with h a doaty appeared with s o much success. Mrs. John Wood playsthe retailStevenshaving beenespeciallyUoa e a the extaraal deveiopaeeau o f the leviathan, and At the Winter Garden the Bevels commence an engage-e#>yed the refreshing zephyrs from the nobl Hud- ment to-night, playing "Kim-Ea" aad ''Vol an Vent." two ble. The trees, shrubs, Sewers aad glass have-evidentlyaoa. None, however, were admitted oo board The wayside rsfsrassartpaBhad a fair proportion o f CMtorn, aad taesizciagef soda foontaias ar.d popping of airsnpartl-of their best pieces. T h e present is announced as their farewell engagement on the New York stage. The p.- in- cipals are assisted by a full corps d- ballet.suffered much injur} from the long continued hot weather.All the vegetation looks dry, withered aad dusty. Wateris carried round in carts and then supplied to the plants.Cllrelmejli'e IUaslwa 1 novelty; parting aad nnstatnahto; ao \ Broadway, next A. T. Stewart A Oa.1Criataaaw'a Hair Bye, WagstWHO! iBB 6 LB •• BBGABB, VBMT buyers are mvfced to examine ',WhichwerecoadnrtedbytheRev.C.W. DeanWon. tap well known seaman's clergy mm. T h e Mrs. Floreaee aa Susan Nipper. T h e -'Young actress,' people expected in the afternoon. Several equestrians,Office 493 BroadwayBUZZ; o( Hernia. BVXttBaadaeee, BUHP aad aU sui-glrtlm the female de- BfJS! opposite St.« . « — .Bmatsoaaace eoasisted o f a coastderaMe number of the o9- asrs aad crow, aspietatly of these connected with the en- giae departaaeat. ananng whom, iaetuaiag the chief engi, Mr. McCleDaod, by whom these exercises were proin ahich Mrs. Floreaee plays Mina capitally, will be added to the drama.At the New Bowery theatre Mr. Eddy h a s been r e e n gaged, sad plays to-night in Lord Byron's tragedy, "Wer-sad many carriages, fdtod wiih ladies aad children, weredriving round, while tie number of pedestrians was veryhuge; the latter you loand slowed awav a every o a t o f Trusses, Supporters, HaonlrterMir-s Charlotte Cushman h a s been eagaged a tB a relatives and friends, ated the members o f Templar Lodge Xo. 203, F. aad A. M., are respectfully mvited to at- tend the funeral. Bis remains will be interred in Green- wood oa Tuesday, from h a late residence, No. 476 Wash-to the Mr «fteTided sad Who, by.the way, Is the vary!impersonation of ner.' "Dick, the Newsboy, aad the -Midnight Gcaspi- quick, sharp chirp of the grasshopper. Quite a number Paul's church. were strolling round the lake aad watching t h e gracefulreligious feeling prevails I t rator*'' will alas be played. motions of the swans a a d other water towls T h e bellaverycoasiderableportocofthe AtBantam'sMuseum there aretheusualsummerat- tower was, as iteveris, thegreatpomtof attractionFrom every side came the faint and drowsy sound o f in- whea thoosaada are annuallyPUtiBT HoOaway'a PUfcaad HTJZZt leesaposttirecur*toall BUZZ*their people, carry with them, wherever they g o t h e g: ~e their first concert here a t three o'clock this after- the distance, came t h e sound o f t h e churchwboimplicttlyfollowtae<of aationamy which are characteristic of noon. going bell: the flag on the top was gaily fluttering in th e Ireeie, while th e airBnzatheThe tittle meeting was opened ia the usual manner—ovsinging, t h evoiced httteaad sweetlyfromthe theahaadaiieeofAtasmshallbeof the Csntlfes ahafi come anteARn-Tir Movasanrs.—Miss Leant Keeae sad Mr. Wal- was fresh, pare and vitalizing. It is for this reason w estraw Bacos.—In tha city, aa Suaday morning, July 22, a t BVXZ' half-past twelve o'clock, Mrs. MART E., wife ot John F . BVtZ< Bacon, aged 23 years, 5 months and 9 days. BUSKI The funeral services will take pace at half-past two BCZZ'•ah verse, 60thchaster o fMr. a tIn the afternxm every car went u p laden with healthand pleasure seekers. I k e incon ven ience experienced dur-ing a ride u p town on a hot afternoon a a good criterionof the value oar citiseas pot on a rait to their beautifulPark. They a r e literally packed i n , stowed s s tightas a conductor, with a a elastic conscience s a d h i s"Move ap, please." can manage it; the damageheaped skins and crinoline must safer oa thepaaage op town a something alarming to contem-plate sad what with the crush, the heat aadthedust, their wearers mast find t h e journey anything bat apleasant one. The steam cars on the Fourth aveaae werevery extensively patroaized, aad the arrangemeat is evi-dently a profitable oae to the company, a s well as being agreat accommodation to the public. Fall twenty thousandpeople must have visited t h e Park yesterday. Wherethey all came from a a question we suppose the census. BTRSU.—On Sunday morning, July 22, JOH_\ FBASCB,MOttxrrroav 7ITOHIlack have both issued bulletins informing t h e public that they will open their respective theatres at aboutthewould advise our readers to pay a visit to t h e Park early in the day, a t any rata during t h e h o t summer months, before the sun has had tune tomake the ground hotusual time. Miss Keeae dates from Paris (France), and enough almost to scorch then- feet. Make aa early start, Mr. Wailaek from Shrewsbury (New Jersey). ItM wesay,andallwhodosowill heamplyrepaidforsay understood that Mr.WaUack has re-engaged all ItttleextratroubleorexertiontheymayhavetomakebyBUS* o'clock, this (Monday) afternoon. B e r relatives s a d BTJXZtfriendsarerepectfullyinvitedtoattendthe funeralfrom BUZ* her fete residence, Kb. 9 Leroy street, without farther in- PLJ? vitation. B e r remains will b e taken to Wolfsortmgh,K.B., for minimalaf A.ing will be an entirely sew aad ilegenl edifice, to take the place of the old house which was burned hut whiter, and will be ready t o b e opened about the middle of No-his eldcompanyBrougham. Wallack's. The Hew Mobile theatre, advertised by Messrs. Duffleld A McLeans, is not, as some of the papersfbave stated, aa alteration o f the Amphitheatre. T h e theatre BOW build-H .Davenporti sEastern papers and Boston Horalcf please copy.except also engagedvember .the Winter Garden. It is stated that Mrs. John Wood has accepted aa engagement a t the Beymarket theatre, Lon- don, commencmg in October next. Mr. J . G. Haaley will bestagemanager ofBates'Nationaltheatre,Cincinnati, aad Mr. J . J . Prior, o f t h e St. Louis theatre (winter season}. Mr. s a d Mrs. Barney Williams have arrsaged engage- ments with the prmcipal theatres in the South aad West far t h e ensuing season. Mr. W. R . Blake will shortly play a a engagement a t t h e Theatre Roval, Montreal. George Christy's minstrels appear to night a t the National theatre, Philadelphia They will extend their tour to Baltimore.Large Fire i a JtocMlaasl Coaaty. OTB LITIS LOST.At two o'clock yesterday morning a O re broke out i a the dwelling boose on the extensive farm of Boa. A. B. Conger, ia Chwhstowa, Bocklead county, a this Slate, aadbefore the flames ooa/d be subdued itwas totally destroyed, together with several outhouses. The dwell, tog house was occupied as a steward's lodge, aad tenant ed by Thomas Patterson aad family, besides severalto all fifteen persons. Thomas Long, a Ia inmate o f t h e house, first discover- ed the fire, after it bad got under good head- way. Be Immediately gave the alarm, sad thenrushed into several o f the rooms o f t h e burning house to endeavor to arouse and save the inmates, b a t to h a heroic conduct he lost h a life. Thomas Patterson, the steward o f the farm, when the alarm w a s givea, rushed oat o f the house, b a t went back immediately, frantic withfright,aadthrewhischild,twoyearsold,outofthe window. B e then went iato t h e room where h a wife lay, sad taeceedel a getting her safely out of the house. Be then went back again into the hoase to save some valoables, bat was overcome b y t h e dense smoke sadfell to the floor, but he finally succeeded in escaping death, through the assistance o f a female w o o w a s r e treatingfromthe flames. Ofthefifteenpersonsathe building a t the time o f the breaking out o f the fire, b u t tea escaped. Among them that were burned to death are John Btackhnret, Thomas Long, aad three other farm hands, whose names we could n o t ascertain. T h e total loss on building and outhouses a about SIS.OOOThe Military Caralval. THS 8ATAXXAB BXCKS.Notwithstanding the intervention of Sunday, this fine company was yesterday not more aloae than they have been since their arrival. Twelve o'clock found most of them o a t o f bed, s a d a few in church, aad b y oae, a general levee was being held to the spacious halls of the Laarge, that, excepting the style of conversation, almost reamded one of the scenes hi a Dongreasional lobby. Guards sad Blues mixed kindly together, a • if they had kaowa each other foryears instead ofhoars,andthe spirit o f fraternization w a s complete. A strong friend- ship has er1d»t}y sprung up between the members of the two carps, aad the Southerners confess to an inanda-Biaisarocx.—oaSaaday, July 22,Taoaua BLACXATOCK, aged 26 years. .their BTTtirr*,,i'f Amusements of a variedandenter- timeita expectedUnitedStatesAttorneySpenceror histaining character have gilded their idle hours; their . assistant will be hare to conduct it-. -Owens i i only aboutiw«-nty-one years o f age, and h a s hitherto been looked quartersattheLafargehavebeenof themostconuaodl- j uponasanhonestyoungmanbyha immediateacquaint-oua description, sod, in a word, nothing has been omit- j ances, but the evidences of bis guilt are too palpable to ted from the category o t mdispensabies necessary to their ] warrant the hopes of his friends that he may be acquitted"Of the charge.JKSSISOS.—OnSunday.Julv22,NAOMI,youngestdaugh- ter of Joseph J. sad Rachel JiNotice of funeral m to morrow's paperMARKDS.—OnSaturday. July 21.GBORGB. SOBof William sad Jane A. Marrin. aged 7 months aad 22 days.The friends of the family are respectfully mvited to a t - tend the funeral, this (Monday t ytersoon at two o'clock, from the residence of his pareutt, 26 John street, Breok-MCGARRT —In Brooklyn, oa Saturday evenag, July a , after a long an-l severe illness, Jbsa MCGAKRY, a native of County Loagford, Irelaad.FalT ateettog, September, D M loglhmm, mar* fad oa THOHUtriFOOD F^afBT>ajgs» AJTD CA1 ForrufeVac,applyataeDewaofThortoysFood,acouioteit- gratificationHfc a^eraooo wag devoted to a ride to ManhattanvUie. jTNFOBMATION WANTED.pntting naOta uader.my Schnappa, Beafeaamtef aaaffiaa wksm may ties will be taankf ally Reaver ~"THE PHEsiuErrV H o « — A report, says the Iaacaster (Ba.) JSxpteu, bas been in circulation here for several days, that Ptesident Ihrhanan h a s sold h a residence near tha city, known as Wheatand, and that he bas pur- If the programme before announced a carried oat, to- , chase*, or a about to purchase, a property in the viciai-where a t the residence of Lieut. Col. Ferris, of the Ninth regiment, and formerly a captain o f t h e City Guard, the tae companies were elegaatry entertained.Bhi taBd«nara),Cel.'(Highreadingt h e Sondaypapers, which theystilltook a quiet stroll round the drive aad through the Ram-the way nook and corner, lazily reclining o n t h e hardsilk elastic Stockings, Batta, ~rock, and listening to the drowsy ham of the beetle or the appliance* appUedT A lady partm a . Ko. "yjRBtts*restaf traction*, including theoriginalWood's Minstrels,who sectlife,whilefartheraway,mellowed aadsoftenedby Oerianentr DrHOLLOWAYat BCZZi a hispamphlet'the pleasure and benefit they will derive fromit.sidered necessary—at feast the lad its seemed t o think s o ;the other sex we cannot answer for. Several of oarSouthern mUitary guests visited the Park yesterday, sadsppesred highly pleased with t h e animated and livelyscene they witnessed. During the afternoon the sky w a sovercast with tight, fleecy clouds, which had the effect o f parents, Division avenue, this (Monday) afternoon, a t modifying t h e beat, which would, otherwise, have been three o'clock.noon one of the most enjoyable we have had t h aMewrs Iteaas.Orrosmo* o r rax PISSXT Mass.—Oa Tuesday, July 17, the planet Mars came into opposition to the San, andon Sundav next, the 2fid, When in perigee, its distance from the earth will be about »T,000,000 miles—its least distance from us for many vears, and but little more than its feastaged 75 years, 6 months aad 7 days.His remain- will b e taken t o Morristown, New Jerseyfor interment, tha (Monday) morning, from the residence of his BOBin-law, D. D. Benjamm, 47 Catherine street, Newsrk, New Jersey.Dors —On Saturday, July 21 Ajmsxw Drss, in the 83d year of ha age.B a friends aad acquaintances, also those of b a aephews, Michael, James p., Thomas A ., Andrew J., and Stephen possible distance.' For some time past the aaasaally Dunn, are requested to attend h e funeral, tha (Monday)bright red light of tha planet has made it the most con-spicuous object in the southeast, about 10P . M.. and i tmay b e a long time before it will b e agam a s brilliant.AsthedeclinationofMarstowardsthesouthisnowverygreat, or SB degrees, a s altitude even o a the meridian wife o f John Grant, aged 81 years.will not for several weeks here exceed 90 degrees; bat at The friends s a d acquaintances o f the family a r e r e - theObservatoryofthsQapeofGoodHopethe presentspectfully mvited to attend t h e funeral, from h e r late opposition affords an uncommonly excellent opportunity residence, 333 Eighth avenue, oerner of Twenty-seventhgreater precision, of which the astronomers there willdoubtless fully avail themselves. Oppositions of Mars - occur a» the average interval of about 24 months; the two lasthappeneda1856,April2,aadmIBM.May15;the two next occur in IMS, July 17, and in 1983, October S . The U-ast distance of tat planet from the earth at these oppositions was, in 1*5«. 59'. millions of miles: in 1S58, 4.' millions; in 1800, 371 5lb millions, and in 1862, 38%mains will be atoned a Calvary Cemetery. Bxiramria.—At the hoase of her adopted mother, the foundling girl. HxsRiHrTA. The physical beauty and preco- ciousintellectofthislittlecreatureendearedhertoall who saw her, and many were the applications made b y•occessful operatfeaa for restonag the Stent aad I well kaown all over the Union; vet. a* a referencetoj s a > be assasss the fOflowias aatmeaiala:—so entwined millions—a variation o f over 2 2 millions. After next who badNo. 167Cbaaa Piaee.— DEAR8m—Iamaliringwitauaaefy«earakm tn theMaeorthe»ar-aavbis ea a reseat visa a Hew cometotallydeafa oneear:aadbytaeadviceofKI who brought Be to your office, where year skilfulSunday Mar? will begfa to recede, a a d i t s light will gradually become fainter, si that oo August 23,1861, when most remote from the earth, its distance will be 256 millions of miles, or about seven times asgreat as atthe present time.AKBJGST OF.A Man Iowa*.—The rtica TWasraa* ofSaturday, July 1 4 bas the fol lowing account of the arrestof email robber near Matcity:—Information was re- 84years.evildoer. Itwassuspectedthatthetheftswerecommit-ted by some one fe the Stittsville office, and accordinglyseveraldecoylettershatbeenseatforthepurposeofde-tecting the perpetrator. The ha', oae was sent on Tturs- o'clock, from the residence of h a lather, Mr. C Hoyt, No. day. This morning Mr. Bull and Charles Beed, Deputy 114 South Second street, Brooklyn, E. D.United States Marshal, went t o Stittsville, a n a having reason to suspect William Owens, c erk in tae Post Office, they proceeded to examine him, and found on his person the last decoy letter, which contained thirty dollars m bills and thirty five cents ia silver, which were so marked as t o b e positively identified. Marshal Beed ac- cordingly took him fe castody, and brought h i m before United States Commissioner Boyce, w h o committed h i mHrsBARB.—OB Suaday, July aged 55 vears, 2 months and 2 0t, M rs. HARRIET HI BBARD, ays.r.mre tan^ort^dicmUn^m^tnmJ10T CLINTON PLACE, EIGHTHUE 6 ociof hospitality for which they were not prepared.Ia fact, they say it will never be safe hereafter for a NewYork City Guard to appear in Savannah without a goodiiiaatnel Inn aad a big appetite. The Blues appear pleased m ith every thing. The metropolis baa been thoroughlyopened to their inspection. O ar cmiens have hang oat to jail to await examination oa Monday next, b y which meat.FASHION RACER. SEPTEMBER. IMS. THORLArrS GOLD CUP, VALUHD AT 99B0.B a friends sad those of the family a r e respectfully in-da? will be spent a maeeHaaeous visHtag, aad to night ty of Baltimore. It is afeo said that Mr. Potter a vited to attend the funeral, tha (Monday) afternoon, a t KILUCEINTCK. KILLICKIHICR, EILUCHTNITE,-a dinner will be given atthe Metropolitan Hutei. the purchaser, to whoaa the place has many cherished associations, having b a a once t h e property o f h a fa- MOSS JUXITAAT VISITEBS TO THS MBTSOPOLIB. ther, h a childhood's heme, s a d the scene of a beloved TheQnmett Gawd, Caps. Thomas W. Chill, o f New j mother's death. We cannot vouch for the authenticity of the reported sale, b a t such rumors are sot generallytwo o'clock. from h a ate raaaaJas, corner ofWarren aad TafeeefebratedTaaaecoafarmfe a tkeasaa. Ha. MrHaven, Conn., numbering niaety-six members, rank and file. aU" a n j y * M tale city » t h e New Baven steamboat, st Peck slip,on Tuesday, the 3lst instant, at six o'clock A M . Tney wiB aa lassrsad on their arrival by company A (Irish FuSileers), Sixty-ninth regiment, whose guests th».v will be during a three days' sojourn ia this city. T&tsiaa^Sirdayof their arrival, will beMSjaartad 1,7th* Westchester Boose—their temporary quarters dor- £» umff^^wBereTheTaad their aosu will breakfast.thTreeileer* will celebrate their ninth anniversary on taatdavTa ceasaaay with their guests, by an excursion ! 2 - ? 2 l bay, aw which a taaaai number o f tickets baawill be re- *ii Coamaa'CoaBctt a Croat of the A. M.. after which they will pro-Kevin streets, South Brooklyn. Mraaur.—Oa Sunday, July 221 Ftosudaughter of John M. aad Jeamami J. S swaths sad 25 days.The friends o f the family are rasasstloBy a n t e d to s t the funeral, oa Tuesdayfrom the residence o f BerMATHZWS—On Sunday 59 years, a nativeBerfriends sadto attend the funeral. Wathfagtoa atreet, New two o'clock precfetMcCxrsKRY—Oa sea o*Hugh sad M days.Fultaa i(W SCHIEDAM SCHHAPP8.M» eases three years fssja Me. ouaabfe forwithout some foundation.StHTHSBs Stars F*ms_ Boa IBB). Afonms. a t MootgoFar safe byREMOVAL,UDOLPHO WOLFE,FROM U BEHEMAjr KTBEET.SOtTHIRS SATS IAJBS SO* 199V.—/uouooa. at auaugu- me?ry. October 29. 30,81, November 1 aad 2 ; Geirgu. at alanta, October 28, 24,26 aad 26 ; Fair of the Georgia Cottoon Ptanters' Convsatfen, Macon, December 3 to20th, mclusive ; Kentucky. atBowling Green, September 1S-22 ;Mississippi, at Jackson, November 6-0; rtouth Carotiaa. a t Columbia, Meveaaber 12-16: Missouri, at St. Louis, October 26-27.Bos AAV—The Bayou Bars (La.) Leaprr fives t h e fol- lowing account of a siagsner pheaomeaen, which has beenjccnr in other etaste:—Oa Tharsday half past aiz o'clock, our citizens wereB. M. A F. A. WHITLOCE A CO.. •aasaSas)aadassssaIr.grocer*,Have saaaad To ae*r aew and i _S77 ANDSSIaoAbW Al Career a* Wbae tJcLr XL 18*.what startled b v a very strange pheaosneaon. hot wad which seemed Is sasa tram the river, soaotoa the bank oi" tae river thatto put their baas as theirw e c a n g : v e , i t s e e m e d a s a* w eI t w aMyaaeslbByaaaaaagaare,aayiliaMasenareeat,asAttwwaAlaaa bfewing directly a our feae. K asted afesat toaThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Documenthis radical cure Truss withBAKES.—Inthacity,ooSaturday,July21, Wunua BAKBX. aged 39 years.The friends and relatives of the family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, from his fete residence, cor- ner of Sixteenth street aad Third avenue, this t,Monday) moraing at ten o'clock, without further notice. B i s r e - mains will be taken to Greenwood.mgton street, corner of Hobokenyoungest son o f Charles J . and Catharine Byrne, aged 1 year and 9 months.takers will soon be able to answer, for we cannot. Stroll-ing leisor *ly along the sloping, rocky and zigzag walks ofthe far famed aad mach admired Ramble, the ladies' dressesrivalled, a color and brilliancy, the Sower be is, when theywere in t h e highest stage o f beauty, though BOW thereare bat a few hollyhocks left, whose bright r e d flowerscontrast rather painfully with t h e parched a a d crack-ed ground beneath; these a n d a f e w modest look-ing little flowers are all that are left ofthe numerous floral beauties which adornedthe Park a few weeks back. The wind bad freshenedconsiderably ia t h e aft*moon, aad played some rathercurious pranks wtih ths ladies' hooped skirts when tarnlag any o f the numeroas rocky corners o f t h e Ramble,aadshowed,perhaps,alittlemoreanklethanaCOB o'clock,fromtheresidence feson-infew.Archibald W*etotheMajpaetribe:asmaehaothattaerwiUlMontgomery. 38 Tompkins .Brooklyn. ATKLT LAUVE AJTT APATtTMSJTT, if tt lapoaslofe• ao tc So; COLLU-S.—In Brooklyn, L. . « Sunday morning. July aadif thereambeetassdao aa set to atasfer IbaVior bite, rendering them inoffeaeiv* for the aiata.Tae« TAPERS are dooe up in a*a: packaffee of stxtees Tapen each, oae af wfesh ia aasaaa a efear a room of nary size for the night.fir aate, wknlmaVor retafl, by draggaagesamBy intense. Thisand thewind together renderedtheafter- iUfRvaruc—On Saturday, July 21, JOSSTH DALRTBTLX, outtheUnion.Bis funeral will take pace tha (Monday) afternoon, s t two o'clock, from the residence o f h a parents. No. 2 6 Matt asset.'M08QQITOBCAIR.\8—At Minneapolis Minnesota, o n Sunday, July 16, ROBERT M. CATBSS, Jr., aged 28 years 6 monthsapartment a a few JmBUinaiBtas by barmas oae of fee CBINaSE • lAPrmRelatives aad friends of tha family are invited to attend the funeral, from the residence pi his brother m-law, B. H. Hay den, Esq 4 6 East Thirty fifth street, corner FourthCHTJTBfil M ICTTO TAJ*KBS. CHINESEM crro TATutsaveaae,tha (Monday) CASTLK.—On S a t u r d a y ,formerly of Montreal, C E Funeral set v toes this, at three o'closk. .CaaauB Bawaur Gesma,58th year of ha age. ty) afternoon, at fourcHiirrog m CHINEiB MICTTO TAPERS. ~rro TAPKBA. 1TO TAI-EtS.TATKZSTTO T.tFBBr live!off a pieasaatodor,22, JAMES, infant SOB of James sad Lizzie Collins, aged they will be so affected a» to dealroy all ''^^•^^n to atat bum6 months.The funeral will take pace from the residence of h aQmAMlA£S^ >^r«eton,_ _ ^ 497 Broadway, Hew Tork.CORNS. BUNIONS. INVERTED NAILS. ENL ARGED joina, and aU afeaaa of the feet cured without psfe o r aeoBveafeBce a the patient, by Dr. IACHABME, surgesa Chiropodist. 769 Broadwav. Befers to pkysieaas aadaur geasssftkecay. -"TtEAFNESS,DEAFNE3B.DBKEASES OF TEE ETE.DUJEA&E8 OF THE ETE.BISEASES OT THS ETH, CCREPI>B VON M*OSCBZa*JEEE. or arw omcAAvTHE WORRS O fDr. Vos MoscazrsKZR on Opth&uaie aad Auralfor the determination of the parallax of the planet with street, tins (Monday) afternoon, at oae o'clock. The re- have reeelred the highest euloeiuma frea the i_afternoon, a t two o'clock, from h a late residence, corner of Forty-first street and Eleventh avenue, without further notice.GRAST—On Saturday,July 21, BBZDGXT, the belovedsevered them.BOCGBTO*.—On Saturday morning. July 21, EDWARDHot Girros, sged 63 years.The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully withoutsaaieeiy any pais, entirely eared me. Iinvited to attend h a mneral, from h a fete residence, No. 36 Tenth street, between Fifth l and Sixth avenues, t h a (Monday) afternoon, a t four o'clock. •agedyour office dear, aac my ha*rag b>new as wall ssFLSBBW;.—On Saturday. July 21. ROBBXT Fuanre,Was greet respert.Tour obedaat servant,. , „ ,M»EOBEETBAOE,12W^ New TORR, JulyOL IBM.The relatives aad friends of'the family are respectfully mvited to attend the funeral, from his fete residence, No. 161 West Twentieth street.ceived a t the Post oliice Department, two months since.tsat remittances were net received by parties to whomthey were addressed, s t StittsviUe, ia this coaatySpecialMailAgentD.M,Bullhasbeen ferreting oat the HOYT.—InBrooklyn,E.D.,onSunday.July22,Wnxua myeattreaanafaeOoa. IaafewdaysIwas sarfeenjed, sadwttheaiimesiaaaaa» amineties'tobus have ancS pleasure in reeaaaaaeaMaajtWm._GE0700EDOH « WaL NEW TORH, June M, 1890.DR. MOSCEZIgEERMay beeoasultedaualldfeeaae* of the eye aad earA.HOYT.aged31yearssad1month.The friends of the family are respectfully mvited to at-tend thefuneral, tha (Monday) afternoon, at threeThe relatives and friends of I tfamily are respectfully invited t o attend the funeral, from t h e residence o f h e r brother in-law. Wm. S. Hunt, Eaaj.. No. 211 West Twentieth street, this (Moadsy ) afternoon, at four o'clock, without further invitation. Herremains will be taken to New Bocbelle at an early hour oa Tuesday morning for interandOfeabeth8 . featAT aTEEDMLL't—WEDDING eresfSL^(Braanwa^SL?B*<r*KiaerwsnCnThSfasAQEwysWAwsjsa»-romTHEBTTBBEAsrwnroMA CWaMsa. IafaPvYsM4aaV9WXtaNQOWMl* satCHfPlkretra*^9Ms*rMOSQeZTOSTbeee anaoyu_ little peas are eff•ctoally errren fran aarVtCHI„. lbeseTAPEBsinU-Mperfeetfe aanaiea* te fee humaa faauly, it m extreaMROBERTBAOE_ President of the Goodhue Fire InsuranceTODr. vos Haaaaaaa, faadfet aad Aaria,y. New Tata,which I abaii ever be thankful to you. per you eaa oae my name.Should youv ,FromDr. Voa Hoorhrtsfcer operated ea m y earn ftGEORGE OORDOH, ESQ., HEW TOXE,Co. ajsg^^'g J.*G*paSstreet.SEAL. G RGREEN SEAL CHAM- far AU, atSTFfla eaavtaaea of law /ruuw mmr- by UDOLPHO w ^ I ^ E T i i0tooff«S'by°7o^a TharUy. % lJmZ> www.fultonhistory.com 