 '.iiJItniin. become the infatiutedfollowers of a fewmy agreeable doty to record''Dta Cohering of Saints ficom all nations. Bbis- ly true, the public should instantly take measuresitdoesworkbetweencertainrangesofpressure,how- withadivorcedsisterInSt,Louisforthepasteightorof men. Instead, however, of occupying this a map of the States west of oiir City, andyoavrlK.and alng aecouBts, aad the unlverssl redueUoB of ex- peases, thoafh not yet lUly worked oat or pcqralarlyof thepeculiar,-latades~pe'ttsin. rshouldberemovedformalfeasance.These are the statemente which you are pleased tsarakT—State af Saeiaty—Call far Intei«TeatlaB.gmim/ninet iftU Stm-Tti* Rm*.MtsUtry, admiU that Mr. Sans was aaubbed in Kwope aid oatwltted at Waahingtoa.Praceaa—New Iran ktat eC the Baeflac—lapraTed Judge Batis entertalaed and expressed Bo holy hor- Is the legJUmaleCotaptomlse, what hu not row track betweeaaUof the tea ferries at ffae souk.ths eimditioii of afTain in Utah batttoSecntaryofYfarfnnUradmitsthatthere !• no known law to meet the present attitude ofloedbe«s«aie House of Commons Committee on Subsidies to Ocean Steamers. He presented UiobriefetpeclaUy bt the matUr of track aal soil-bumlng engines. Running expenses have been ndoced one-becilities of the present Administration, and. In the strength of a common cause and tke conservativethe pollUeal waves. 1m there ns tearbing la this ? Is the available policy commended by expertenoe 1 ifdefined ideas man who lepresente those Ideas, aad wUI endeavor toeompaet maaagemeat, aad in constant aiollaa,reTalv'aa(a cooccniiiig;legislation,easySecretarynot behave a PlaUorm which fairly representsproposed offers to HeBce tUl remedy.— '&e'^«attonwillresnmenearlyitsoriginalshapecourse be known yet,BeaabUcahsbold and should sot mslatalnaaotherpolicy. Whythe business promise to heMlwiMaed, howarer, by the frofttiedly loyal con- wmttf*"^ Hoimons.of the Indian, has been a serhras blowtbe close aad systamatle of keepingSivAia, orChasx,repre-bjulneMof > to vex and disturb ths GovernnieDtSiWAan'smd able and stetesmaallke speech of Wednesday has Im-who have no desire to coatead for and coaie shsxiows,and the %toi Wtan Congress resumes the transactionraUmads."IxPBOTnaarT is Bomn-MAKiiro. Ths nqwman whom the great mass of the RepabUcan Party the victorious party in aloess heart of New-York lytog betweea^«T!IbMt'perhaps•fifcabusiness of the country,someadvantagesof the St. Lawrenceroute, theyhave beencoBservaUye principles, are elected to Ghioago.It Is he shoold Park.heart Uaa the/ to the notice of the country— London snd Southwestern Rail-Congressional minority.as a con- But, I must add some local facta In his own Con-and BowUsg-graea, aad fte bodyStatea Island, Jersey City, aad B<£^£ vidwnrpiestingHe mast entirely Ignore these faeta whswith the MontreallegUation will be attempted to extend tbelr Una of wire to the Straits of BeUe Isle,and hia associates are obliged to make a quick de-Wrought Iron"—couldhardlybe moreimportantyou may expect some male impropriety which we have described. If sketebes of the counsel, wttnesses, and the generalfor Utah. Whatever negotlatbgTelegraph Companyhundred dollars a month, a corps of masons, ^ciaiob between the halter and banishment, will whose sole business, under the superintendence ofand to manufacturers and commerce railways gene-Enough for tke present;man;—the issue from a slot In a pipe of any shape, so as to totally envelopThese arethe for aid and defeat tke^orCtiramta- body may possibly control SOO, or even 1,000,depeadentplied to. -the Uadred Conveattoa af tke Oppoiltloa held ia bs«wofWaasiaa,aad tkehaaghtyeloqoraeeofCjat.a oatimely ead the adJonnimeBt of byIn ttroag ookfrast to Mr. Shitb's eihlbltloo of him- self standi ontthe conduct of Mr. Ross, our Ministerclaims of the Canadian boats In a memorandom,hslf,repair expenses proportioaably, la somsstatesmanshippurityofcharacter of their stand-the Democratic Party has aay clearly pabllc policy,and tbe ferries east and west, would faralA a aoa-yet clear, of which the languageA» ICbnnon people. In the absence of any new cible. He demanded that the Cunard liners should last ten years, the Rnlway Kroiev layathe Senators a lerlonsto see how thefavored above our own, and a colony thus putHoW Hi* "»'y fttompt that has yet bean made to er- gaatze the great work of City tranit aaeaanaMftit is notcould coma to any other determination than that oT.reiMTing the force now here. If this is done,yetto the mother country. The re?ultof hi. frM, bold, plaln-speakhir, cannot ofby the revulsion of 18}7, the revelations then made asgraphical popitlon, Bahs' availability as a candidaterests mainly upon his coaservatism and freedom from "agreed upoathey Party. Now, why should not Davis,or BaaoKixBisaa, or BatoBt, be pat on that platform,into a poslUon antagonisticto thethe wide and approximately successfol attempt to in- troduce a cheaper fuel—coal, ths Introdoetloa and re- viral of new aad* eld ecoBomles in all departments,orHMncsa,^lUernmentare,however, determinednot tofan" work,with Bothhig but milk aad water men of shadowy,Inorder nutherto make known thecomparativerecognize^oper leader,District, Gov, Coawnr, and a of8antk.State \ad been transported bodily to this and improvements in the great istiag proposed;was rebuilt, thirty tubes were left oat, and theabilitytive enough to be' the rallying cry against the threatssame portion of the street oecapled by fheee Bt, at much more rapidly would they ply nailer the fisrer- able condition of diminished jam. reeolttaf flrott the great reduction in number of vehicles, if tte op-Cowa•tka aMsatially, foreign nature of thaHormon peo-and entire lack ofwith onr institutions and laws, and their blind ad-which had beenmade ^ths inch. It was feared that the engine, be Invoked by the Democracy in this Presldeatialbe at an end, and the harems of Utah competent engineers, is to keep every part of theto all shapes and sizes of fiunaces. The transplanted to some other land. We have no law structures as good as new. Besides these, there theory of welding is, that if two iron surfaces abso- to meet the emergency. Repealing the organic are two superintendents of track, and corps of lutely touch each other at a high heat, no film of oxyd the duties of the whole betag remaining between them, they may be welded with adifficultyplicablewith it ;ritory and firm contact For this purpose, Mr. Bwdoisact will only temporizeplacingthe Ter- men underthem,Candidates Ihr"charges me with a responsibility for inslBBatlaaB,which can oaly cease to b« slaaderous and dlagraee-submission, while that law is in force. Between the President, who is well known tothe Mormon religion anH eur Republican Govern- be a. first-class engineer, as well as excellent almost in contact, and then to envelop and heatthe Presidency—Sevrard,—Ayallables and Nat-ATallables—Oeneralwear shiny hats, spangled vests, and galvanized watch-guards, are to pass back and forth throughaad;,'» ,,'^^si!i»i°!*r^^'W^'"«T. ""^^^^^" ! - lu -^l"^l" .111* a^Piaimp !*^^tenliiBoatexacnble Eatflsh, were oevsr evtm re- aoiBNTrric motbs.was received wlthtke graatest eathnalasss. Tfallke maa to eany oot tke CaBpraalse, aadar tke dark(BK CONDITION OF UTAH.ifk, Alva ><< Hetksda af tke MomiaB Hler- I see that even k Caaadlsa joamal, frieadiy to oar New Feed tVater Apparataa—InsyraTed Weld- Virginia aad Teaaessee, tlia Hlssoatl Meads of If I>oesLAS Is rMt la say tag that the Nebraska Aet ttire. It prevldea (or eae^arae cars, plyiot ea a aar>for tDe Committee has not te-all talat of Helperism, higher law and irrepressible and represent the Party lUriy I Thethe loss of the Hungariim, so closelycoaflictdogmas. "charge "or LiaiMLa, be put*•'^MeanwhJle,followlBK thatto the Canadian Company, who, In addition, are said to have lost »SOO,u001asttyear—that Is, calculating In- terest on their Investment at six per cent The Gov-forth toIn this tUw of tbe ease, I give yon the opinion of axstlve, earnest, soand-ptlaclplad men,oftheminajetofgas. Thiswillpreventtheairfromoxydizingin the other, in the hands of milUons. A each other day and night with military precision a solid mass. Of course, gas-jet may"ment there is an irrepressible conflict." In the and careful manager.•'specificThen there areona case the power is in the hands of a single permanently attached to each bridge, relieving piesseo into contact, they will adhere as if they wereCheNew-YorkTimes.intoface, and to deposit a tobacco decoction with vncx, the Presldeat of the Citizens' Associatioa, lathem is unusually this Territory is remarkably healthy.South-ferry.mortality amongThe evil of Mormonism is vastly underrated in ment of repairsAITOSSW n.«ar BapiesentativesntOH CANADA.squabbling.6hareholders,4iutliis long and successful labors, and up- hold his hands in Uis work of reform.and all bearing and running surfaces. AFFAXRS IN JIII8SOUIU.TylerIh fke Editor (f tks Hevr-York Timu:have been so long OllSIBTIB.;partyin this canvass."too" The manifests of the IViiarw, andPark-row totlaUtygieatercalerltythan oflenerintheweek. world, heretofore,three cent actommodtttion after a sort,mightgive bat with^great, althoughorganizedroad, saving manythese are but re-and experimented upon, properties 1 here toat the Bates scheme,City or may not afford the needed accommoda- For that portion of the City lying south of the one of these lines attempts to furnish a partial accommodation by extending its line from Fulton-ferry. The accommodation offered by this line is not only insufficient and par- tial but Ite establishment would be an act of par- offensive to a sense of tbe equity due to the seven lines of road already established, and to theCanada,hasbeensubmittedtotheHouseofAssem-bly, here, by the Ministry. The results of the ar- books before. Messrs. A. WniTNav & So5a,xangement made caa be summed Tip briefly—the Bai-the arenowemployingthe utmost1 sheaid add that a smaU cUque la Claclaastl, the "Amsriean AssoclatioD,'' have declaredFerryted Statesget their European mails carriedwithprietors oflargestUoB.calledQi(B(elves la favor of Baiis, Bau.,w'"'"'^ wsre on fire andMr. Filton was one of the earliestfrom the Attor House to theandill the improvements of the throughprimeUneformidable than the one over which in my former letter, for which fact not only the will be sufficient for tractionthe States. It is worthy the most carefal atten- ";of per year in the wear of wheels aad other parts of ion, entirely run out. There is no probabiUty that railway stock. It is qaestioned whether tke adhesloa the Republicans will ge out of theb owntion t>f Congress, and presents an impcndlag crida"morespokenthe New-York pubUc, should for rails aad tiresif It i». It will be good If not, so much the better forgenuineI^adders for Fire Eeempee. Iran IBM-appreciateIn the TiMBS of Feb. a letter 24,he has been amover are verified by pracUce, it will save millioM which at first took with many people, is. In my opin- metallinestion.City Hall Park,ai4 kt a cheaper rate. Canada geU little but the their immense establishment in supplying wheals, Convention which met on isst Tuesday, and whichan Immense deal of confoston aad oaneeessary kewoud de'C|n^,^rt thebaiWaw. Ttogtrethe '"<' ''• of this each windowthe to Sontbam roads. Messrs. Buuht &Thisold Whig voles, buttte new German by are hardly worthkptrofbelBgVJUtMW tkat may be worth.n* Postmaster-General luu qipadlaBwlU be outaamberea award- ]iiacbiDe4ool builders, are filling heavy orders for ana American Parties. The Opposition of the State TOtaifc SmaU elemsate of thU sorti^iM the wbietnhefaitn Iron Uddi^irtdeh eooU be"SSS^ii'dtodweaths.ala. TUsaj^-y^^^ ^^^^E^^,:^^!'^' bV^ nS;S£^carrier of tils eorrespondemce, moatljDouann and Messrs. Williak Simsgbeened. Wth«lD,aUaM credit of tHe negottatious whichand machine shops and ;IfwesweepawaytheproTiMoaIntheso-called '""'L«D?US^erounds 'P'^iS en's;flve^pw^fj:kavaledtelUanwU. The oorretpondencethe&cttbattbs Ualled SUtes officlalii haved(na the wluda tnahMiM. Your Mr. Hoamo Kias enfrpmngclfSaiagtMvotes ofnatorial chair-were fairlytbe most proailaettt tawyersState, and the carefully ooaiidered lesolatloni and laa. IB 18M andmatured action of such men will have great weight udBnoHiM*. These men were BomlBatedbeeaaaearraaced matters with our Minister, and >>Mllud,Ac,tobavathepUascvitedoat. Hisre-^8introduced bat not yet reported, we find needed accommodation In fuU, and the planvrith tbe objection statedWould aot laow how to oae tbo'^.^a^rfSSr<lVests were acceded to with Invariablytransit astmca tte manaer This klB appears tobeth. »»f„^,fLmtaAAp^w speotgraadtothepohUcpromptness " ndeonrtesy, On the other band, oar Mr. Suiiiref thea*"*—",,-f*^!?^^Sm '"'•*'TheAas,Isthaableadjorlstwbahaseversatuponooi hS»artlea,irhattheyfalaadbyth«lr»lotKlealIncurredthe a to expenseof fliedal tripteXaiaBuis, toMi. Rovuas wi,,.ialeeoBWMTemr-i^iardlag minms would^^Loa- doa. Pails, BnuaeU,Berlla, and while there wrateimproved combuafloo of coal nace.,,Bd the gleamlnsof »ha p«oo,uig-wheelandthehsnuaer. Sonmcah tte apoa taUagdictate.was tatrodaoeato tbe Bittlah r at Peru, and others, but his letters, writ-tta drfr- fin taa KTa-peec toke(eaa«taateX»irA>»aiaifst theFiestdeaor IFenty Eanread that,Taxm» died,aad leftMr.Fiu-dlscloees reaUyAnd aU this host of and workars ia the com-oar p<rfltlcal history worth looUag at, to bioitha great partus in ths natten.our have been ">« """^vnote to''*«1 amalleran»d^electedo"'""awayiimsmwjtthe Bonthem railwaythama aia a tme of the Boathsm boaineas goinghundred Roums over SrawAat to the Guber-eoaaidsring.As towhatU" available," ttero.are —me facte laFourteenth-street bill that carries ite track from Park- row to Fultoa Ferry, jnd strike out of existence tilsoiin tUi iie&boAood.aadof thisAstor House and Sonth Ferry blU, and then turn attentloB to another bill, wiiUh appears totovo of coursemOT^IuWHoSicoantiT'aTM3 about the YmccUm and frequently alluded to to 0B» of fl»eltyaad of theI84« aad 1B48theWhigsIM* tha Demoetats"islo^eTt^ on the Una (><a-.»P^„^»^«Z" throagfaout Missouri.wm-recoaUse than, howew, meats-they <»Jjb *e laauforatlea <d Haaaaw.tke »*««»• «» ealamitr oT-Txiaaaeeiag policy aeCityaadItsthe growingpreeeible conflict.prowessFmn IwaatteaskthehaDe««m«ol aaotiaalzatlon Citykeepers''the cabin, staring impudentlyevery lady'ssettlement cannot be anticipated until there are as many as eight at the Gray's FerryKormons cease to be Mormons, or cease to inhabit bridge. In addition to this, the company's tele-the United States. An army of a million of men graph, with operators at every station, gives mo- Fraaklkdte, is found In New-Jersey in great abun-cannot make this people willing and loyal subjects mentary notice at the company's offices of the dance, but Is not known to exist in other parts of theuntil their leaders are out of the way. They have condition of road, position of trains, &c. Again, world except in small quantities. It is composed ofa "higher law" than any emanating from the Con- many of the bridges have recently been greatly iron, zinc, and manganese, in proportions considera- candidates for the Presidency. Among them ariseapparel. If all these expedients fail, perhaps the appUcatioBboat proprietors themselves can step in and make for an sppropriatlon $5,000,000,laatingatitution, and have much to unlearn, as well as strengthened by additional supports and trusses- bly varying,destinies of mankind are ba their hands, and if the earth does not cease to torn on ite axis, certainly the nations wHl turn back in their progress—of la addltloB to theAll the bridges have been tested, their deflectiontwo lo- to remain in our midst, must necessarily look to comotives connected have passed over all thestatemente," Istated that the wasteful, unnecessary, and therefore profligate expenditures of the majority of the Centralmuch to learn, before thsy become good citizens.tongues at Babel. ASD and Batis, ChasiTo tke Editor of tke Nev-YorkAt this time, whenbeing measured by a special experimentthe overthrow of the Mormon Chuch, and history bridges. The depth of water at the long pile and red-shortness. The ore melts at a low tempera- metaphorical^11 legislation on the subject, if the Mormons are;some LegisIaUverailroad arena, for the bene-;whom I refer, as responsibleof a public trust, are Messrs. Cuasiss H. ao?TM^hefor the vlolauoa gross!BaUer-BUklaM-KaUway Imprareaieat- ror of Black Eepablicaa allies ; hot, on the eonHary, that C0B|n»in to aaawer fort Piizcx was elected, ad of the Island and ths City HaU Park, for the loir NewlHetaL they declsre themselves perfectly willlag to make aai la two yean he was execrated by Denoeratsi tere of two cents. None hut a slBi^e track ti re*Railway improvements in all departments have union for the sake of the Union, with all the varied aad his party weatlato a minority. BccnutAs was qolred anywhen exeept la Broadway, from the ParkCtMt Item. U. T, WadMiday, Feb, 1, IBM.Tb6 Praaldemt is liagabLdy B&ent In hia Hes- of Pnblle Works. He, wbea In Eoiland, was eiam- rapidly piogrsssad daring the last two or three yesn, elements of aatagoaism to the corruptlans aad im- elscted, aad la two years he was a mere wreck oa to Bowling-green. Tbe cars of this Une, oader oaeandandbig harmoniously in their orblte betweenBraad|rayIs poUshed.yet for- cases. After oommsntlsg upon the ths ard-bearer, to trust for success. practice ofof why shoold they not nominate a pbatructlve connecting link between the ferrlai aadSiwABS's speech has caused a slight depressioa,"The positive necessity of reform, forced upon ns however. Aside from the happy accident of geo- carry them lato practioe f The Semocratieop town railroadsr-B Uak, the vraat of vUek If inconvenieaoe, aad which no other alaacomparative economr «f good and ktd tracks,locomoUTes of theway show that two hundred fset of tube sur^e may be reMoved wlthoat dlmlalshlag the prodoction ofgressional" " personand m the very core aad centre of the.perfection of the Bessemer process—theCasting ofSha\7 at the modest competencyjury of twelve good men and true have sanctionedrally,Uian a process of cheap and sound welding, ap-progress of Monday.the cause should tbe case come on on the ladies themselves have the least spark of Q- modesty left, the means taken ought to accom-every seat in the Ladies' Cabin," if possible, before under martial law will only exact a sullen under the immediate supervision of Mr. Fulton, very slight pressure—by simply being placed in close State Bepubllcan ConrentlonC—hase and Bates doesn't succeed, all the young gentlemen whois taken atby me,Adams,London, proposesthe metal, sd tbat vphen the surfaces are Correspondence offulopenall possible shapes and sizes.Ah Iboh Obi of acharacter, called tlon that theIf their schemes arepeculiarbut some specimens give 70 of iron, 13 ofand 17 of zinc. It Is <ised for the manu- facture of zinc paint, snd at the same time iroa is made, which Is said to be free from sulphur and phos-to check thisment on the rights of Creation's lords.Anti-Wohan's$2,000,000 already expended by them. It was iatead- ed as a private letter, but I do aot object tkat it wa>manganese,Docolas and .inU-DocoLAS,City RaUroads.SYSTEM mo DISCBIMI.SATION WANTED.Timee : thirty-oddwill tell what it contained. I youand State•trea ns no example of a religious sect havingbeen subdued by force. The ordy remedy is the gradually filling up by a natural process ; besides wrought Iron, and even penetrating it to some extent. and give expression to their aenUmenls. I think the Iaevera one of removing these polygamists from the which the company have, during the last year, And It may be rubbed on red-hot wrought Iron, and TiMia will be glad to get an honest account of the selection of such bills, from among the many offered,country,and In this way a thin or thiek coating is so well united that it will not seale off when1for the truth is so seldom told now-a- as will best secure to the public accommodation proceedings, if all that have days, that it is like rubles above pries. I have set- wheie It is most needed. Clearly,patiently teachingtled to my ownwillnottouchit. Itcutsglass,andappearsharder someofyoursagaciouspollUcisnsseemtohavegone necessityfor selectionIs therefore Imperative.limitedby ;—about 850. It has the property of adhering to large bodayt Columbus to elect toor depriving them of their leaders, and filled up 500 feet of one with gravel, and intend will remain upon It as wax will remain upon a heat-ithe people to become repnbli- own time and property, and learning by tosatisfaction one or two been offered were to become leg^ enactments, we problems, Thea tlie blessings of a free and liberal Gov-to coincidewell, and the public canastray.The Republicanplace,Convention of Ohio was a very full"Insinuations"-vrhicb, l>elng a matter of opta-____^ they would perhaps abjure Mormonism.peardraw its ownprettyconclusions as to thetheas is demanded by presenttermion, I do not stop to discuss. But, whatever ttey are,The women especially are slaves, with the ex-one, contalalng aboutexpressioa" "whether insbiuations" or open and specific state-— cham-ceptionsquent wives are serv^ts one cook, anotherbermaid, each one performing some particular have been so much as a casual traveler.aad the \'household duty. They are poorly clad, without education, without gentility, and infinitely removed from the exalted position held by their sisters in more favored lands.He also thinks it will be useful for lining journal in the negative, and many of those votiag against theof this road has been boxes and coating journals, and will be fully equal wishes of their constituents. In point of fact, ten to lower tennini at or aboutAs might be expected, the children are little eared for, have few educational advantages, andsince.The road was then substantially bankrupt;by nitric acid unless predisposed by tobceidactoisotnacthaonf coDDtr. It is said to be less liat)le tonow o{jiTst choice. In case it is necessary among other men, the Republican Delegates"psw It app^y to gentlemen of the Central Partgrow up accustomed to every scene of viceabominably ditty children as swarm the streets ofthe Mormon villages are to be found nowhere elseoutsdsofthefilthyalleysofourlargecities. The coal-burninglocomotivesandimprovedtrackwill be in a great measure secure againstside, one for an east and west llnfe across the central portion, and the fifth is for a short:with it ders" ironsuchof busmess.introducers of rust It has long been known that manganese rea-on the easteriyline down Bioadivaybridges does not exceed 5 or 6 feet, and tlCs is turesembled delegates Chicago,that they had adopted aad amiss to InqtUre if due attention is beUig paid to the persevered in tbe execution of a plan of the Park, which was not only a mutllstioa and defivmity, but which they most or ought'to have known would eost more than three times the amount to which they were the act of the Legislature aad their oath that they had, therefore, violated both, aaCed surface cans and freemen. Tiiey are now under an abso- a solid embankment. The speed over these bridges given,filling more every season, till;management,and these facts as to safety, ap-cast- iron. It has re- cently been used to harden the points of hore-shoes;moment effersof City transit and prospective wantsand out of themenu," I hold myself responsible for themthe olpaetriattuidoen of the City time, I think, wUl never come, when public officersare amenable to such charges, that I shall not undar-the recklessstatements of a who may not personthat It will be used for all Implements used in tillage. hi favor of S. P.;City.The City railroadsnow inhave theirThe financial managementexemplary. Mr.FiltoncommencedPresident and general manager some niiie yearsFrom among the manyare billsfornewcharters,fivearereportedbythe Com- inmyjudgment,myrightandmydutiee,asacitizen,8ieven mainly due to natural increaseiiure iron, and itBowd, for whom I entertain the greatest respect, who have made earnest, though fruitlessexecute this great and noble work vrilh taste m4"the lo economy, I have now to say that majorttrJOHK F. BCTTSawORIH, JOHJC A. C. GeAT, Chaslss W. Eujott aad Woliajilast yearitpaidpercent. This has not beenis that sheet Iroa coated expectedand endeavors to:mn- rtmarkaiU teanomf,repafrsent thatpolicyrM.vS'VrilltoiBany years before the conditionyear will bring the Territory more allow the line to fall, and Intend proposing to our (*< gromd of good hops for Ou gmtral vrosperitf of paired Baixs' prospects, by briaglag forward the undeflnable principles, settling nothing, add leavlnf commendal aadMclaf, this u thecui^^lL^Sof CanadaLegislature very shortly to Increase the aaaual iraatue from toto Company £SS,0OO £100,000.art OeKhose itvtupment is to it nr not ttnslagularlyrecognised,germs ofaout of or the otherbattle, whether one succeeds,does aeeessi^ oompteto iater- Ito^taie, the fuU authority of the General Gov- between Newfoundland and Labrador. It ivUl be steam, when ths room formerly occupied by the speech becomes a aiere phUosophlcai generalisatioa dlfierence in his opinions from those of Gov. CBASS.or sectional coamectlon defined in the bin reported la tkeenaient can only be esUbllahed and maintwhedtheMormonsbythestrongarm. Apeoplejm^sslng to be led by God from day to day willoot yield willing obedience to other than their MaBagemcBt and Safety af the Phlla^IpUa On examining the tubes It appeared that they had each other under our common Constitution. The Uoaamongown leaders.J^mitaraax letter I attempted briefly to showtwo delegates,witphretswenotiBngoffiveminutes theirdaw alsar dragglag leagftdone in the course of the year.tubes is given to a eembuitlan-chamber, with ample tbe npoBtendencies of the two sys- greatA few sioce the writer connted 80 la the days stafesKAIIiWATS AND ENGIMEBRING.spacetive boiler Exploded while standing, in Previdsaee. the relatioas of the Free and the Slave States towards three others, making lass than a sixth of Uie Delega- Broadway between SC Paul's aad Wall-stmel. Uffnecessarywaterspacesarotudit. Threeyeanagoalocomo- temsoflabor,withoutthemostremotebearingupoBan opportunity ofthem to others.Theseat this time some wicked and cnsning men. The few Americans in ficts as to the safety and good managemeat ofAemBO credit for sincerity, but believe they maice growing commercial relations between the North Issued, although there was plenty of water in the ties have been duly consulted, tbe parte carefully not wanting of those who claim the title of as much time as any ;two miles pf travel aortk Mthe use of the machinery of tne Chuch for selfish and and the South, developed by this and kindred large spaces four feet above. At the lower gauge- conned by the performers, and the whole comedy well the river in the boats. Park, would effect a gain even greater than «»<,and exclusive accommoda- pended in dragging nearly empty stages irom tke Park to tbe South Ferry and back—at least a nUe of theTanitoryareleaders,notfollowers.Igive oneoftherailwaylinesconcerned,andastothe couldb^^en.Whenthefiringwasintenseonlysteam finishcaperformance,whereallthedramaticproprie- tionofmalepassengers.Yetinstancesare travel—ataratenecessarilysoslowthatItoceaplescriminal ends.The people are boimd to ths Church by every in-ladies, crossing company's In view of the complete and effective system of- enterprises. cocks of some of tbe locomotives ruaaing out of understood by an expectant audience, save and ex- Nor can any excuse be offeretWor this improper fered by the intersecdonal organizatiOB, Ote meacie Since the late disaster on the Philadelphia, this City, when the fire Is intense, steam only issues, cept the dinotiemeni, which rests upon the somewhat conduct on their part, except the palpably absurd half measures embraced In ths reoeatty-reportodaaaatabUahed fact, that the mass of the people writer, who has been extensively and most unfor-; auick, bright eye formingA wonderful apparatus for feeding boilers with ance gives the world but little assurance of a ber-coloredthe cabin floors or overeachof vast importance to the material ef tke proqietltyI shall beTheCityof New-Yorkhasinvestedmillionstoae-m»nligious fuiatics, acknowledgiagtunatelyquoted,hassopositivelyasstiredof thisthethat thewater has la France, and has been matrimonial adventtue. She has recentlyappearedbeau-but one it a religiouspools upon other'sdresses.City.brief.and Baltimore railway—— car over the boat into the riverand many other facts show tke fallacy and danger of STASG, the plaintiff, snd the great protagonist in this " "pub-scarcelyby locomotive and other engine builders ty enough to create a soul tmder the ribs of death,'' " "fitted,so that atany tlpe;v^l uponexpressbills will fail to satisfy Uie wants 0/ THE PUBLIC.NewTark Raibaad ta Ike West. lb me MdiSrr ^tke New-Ttrk Itaw.-I desire to engage the attention of tlie oemmarJ heggaiy, and perhaps by death. Considering it as characterizes our railway management ; but one Thus the weight and cost of boilers may be reduced. is her best feature ; while her whole appear- tobacco, and expectorating the juice thereof in am- clal men of Is'ew-York to a matter that maay balieret«Mt which can be aroused by fear. Throughthe ceremony called "consecration" Bbioham of theXOtniehas obtained possession of deeds of half the Press has taken occasion to animadvert, prop-Oa fums in Utah, and apostac? is followed by erly enough, on the general recklessness which room. In ordinary furnaces, U too small for economy. Is quiet and lady-Uke herWilmington expressthe runningone that their business or social engagements callthem from one to the other. do not city Theyeven attempt to palliate their misconduct by con-while solid water Issues from ths upper cocks. These imcertaln arbitrament of a Miss Erra Ci.tr jury.crowding the heating surface, since it may be re- drsma of real life, is a slim, stately and intelligent- pelling, and not heating surface, while combostion- looking lady, on the shady side of thirty. Her dressadopteda boUer, into a chamber open to the air, and into com- Into a devouring flame of passion. There Is some-ei«ea of the Chnrch, it becomes an important ques- of the highest importance. It has been said that a of the men whose rights they invade, is seri- but all know that continued success can only be ex- muaieatlon with a pipe leading from well or tank thing bard and seif-concentrated in her expression,pidtaaland temporal head, holdinglic of the frightfiil conditionTbe indignation which this persistent wrong-4iit7, and bound by every interest to obey the de- rue knowledge of the facts becomes a matter, there and in England. A jet of iteam issuing from or even to fan the dying ember of subdued sixty headedness of theirs excites in the minds is being boiit up in the West and intermediate pelata,bdWthat JoexFB Smith was sent of God—that a rotton " stumps," and that the employes Intoto them to is It ? I aaswer, secure, if In our power, and at aafline,cure to herself a portion of that Immeasa trade whiohti(» to ascertain the purposes ind pretensions of the line is distinguished by recklessness of man- of water, will force the said water into an opening which one would think would effectaally prevent her ously aggravated by their invariable practice of pected by a constant struggle. We have one avenaathat trams are carried at imsafe tkaChnich. agement—leading into the same boiler, or, it is said, into oae playing the part of a Messlliita herself, or of leading occupying the wrrong side of the boat when onceyettoopeaap, Uwe wish New-York to remain tkeneMormonreUgion hasforits foundationa speeds over deep water on swaying and underhigherpressure. Inshort,aJetofsteamblow- anamoroussexagenarianonto"lovenotwiselybut theyareonboard. Acommonshare of female greatestCityin tbe New-World. Where,aadwkatair will fbree a jet of water Into the too well." Her Utile history, taking her own and heranr ravalation was made throagh him that he of the road, knowing their danger, seek the same boiler as weU as would a piunp. The appara- cotmsel's version, is very brief and touching. She is take the cabin which they almost always find un- Railroad. This can be done almost wlthoat aairaa«dained as an Apostle by the spirits of Peter, platforms of the cars, to be ready for the im- tus is said by some to act on the principle of the hy- an orphan, the daughter of a local Methodist preach- efCoct, occupied, for here they might be by themselves, aad at a comparatively small outlay, whose fruits ta jtaBM and Jokn, and received a dispensation for pending catastrophe. If this is even approximate- draulic ram, but is not satisfactorily explained. That er In the city of Brooklyn, and she has been living instead of being mingled with a promiscuous mass return will yield aa huikdred fold. Cast yonreye opODBAX TotJHO is the divine successor of Smith—imd lik* Jiijn receives from God revelations for theten years, supported by some Utile property mherited dell of Pickwickian fame, by the rents derived fromftimlshed for—ingopenmodesty,it shouldseem, oughtpromptexpense, a rival to the great Central Peaasylraalaguidancetymade lince the writing of the Book of Mormon. a general reform, to deceive the public against its It is alao claimed that the Apostles and Elders interest and safety, and to ventilate a kind of news-In humble sphere of life she made much damaged. The theory got up to explain the acquaintance of the defendant, by borrowing of tbe case was, that when journals raa only ens way him a hundred dollars. Their relatioas from beingman or boy. by mistake,atongthe fortielhdagiaeto expose and reform such horrible carelesness—if the line in question Is oneever, is certain.Some.years ago, an English steamship had oc- from her fatber,and occasionally aided, like Mrs. Bar- plroopneirn apwahritcmhenta,lmtohsety universeaaltlyis a roaifs already completed, (with the exoeptiaB of a fewif it is totally falseof the Baists. Ths doctrine of a plurali- of the safest known then the assertions—of wives is one of the results of the revelations tioned are calculated to discourage all attempts atcasion to run backward for a considerable dlstanoe,every They carmol pleadoccupied bythat this is done links,)men-that we have a routeof latitude, diverging at no poiat more thaa oae de- gree, that will eventually have more trade and travel Into our City than any other two raada leading from tbe West The links tobecomideted;enter the sa- percleve, in passing from New-York to 8t Loois, bfaad incatting thttsbsgua, varyher sUghtly cut journalsand the^'apartmentssinglegentlemen."doing so, got;contlnuednintll thejournalswere thiscomparativelyfor thethrongof men and enteringoneteve the fowerof working miracles, and in ajx of paper criticism, which has more than once done from the first, the rough projections or spurs are bent purely mercenary became sentimental, and flowers for ladies. The only excuse they aver offer for are—first tbe Pitteborgh and Connelsrills Railroad,OuoB Plurr'S works numerous instances are the most grievous injustice to all concerned, on down in one direction, and soon present a smooth and jewels and a piano were the fitting testimonials thus themselves into the men'sone hundred and thirty miles of which point direcQy to New-York. This is knovm In Western Pennrylva-^vea, where the blind have been made to see, thethe basis of a private pique, a refused pass, or asurface;geciosj,but, alas for tbe infirmity of human nature, Ee refUEed, after a reasonable time bad elapsed,to com-the door is "Ladies' Cabin."in raised letters theto walk, &c., &c. Those initiated into neglected courtesy. The facts are theseaia as theWashington route," bavtog been persoa-;will become subjects of the one man power, the conductor to ride in the car, persisted in riding and minister to the lusts and wealth of Bbisham on the platform, not one passenger has been in-riage,shrewd special-pleadermust have in their puteri^ledthe Church are bound by the most solemn oaths toDuring the past nine years, four million seven hundred thousand passengers, exclusive of dead- heads and employes, have passed over this r<>ad. Tlie number of miles run by passenger trains haslivlnE, havmg a pleasant propensity for listening to heads. It Impbotxd Ieon Eoofiko.—Several roofs are be- conversations at key-holes, there overheard theis, absurdly enough,were a confederation, vritb a view of nnifinp tiie ira- ters of tbe Potomac with the Ohio by a canaL TksTovxs and his associates.The unexpected success of the Mormon religionjured.During the tweaty-three years of the operationejecterence to the little printed slips, tacked to thewalls of the saloon, high up above the reach of Eels^ille road, commencing at Pittsburgh and rtia-but we will leave may have given birth to grtnder views. The dis. of this road no accident whatever has happened at and cheap in its acomplishment. Tie rods of iron, these to tell their own story upon the trial.the Alleghany at the last-named point.but when the motion is reversed they are turned up again, and the liability to heat and cut is as great as when they are new.bestowedJaunpuoanryhiosf fsaiixrty.MayHeof thirty-fivehebry mtahri-s mentinitsrudainmgerely technical one, wliich aspaormte- doating promisedand violation of these oaths is followedhy terrible punishment. However the existenceef the Danites or Destroying Angels may be de-fied, their victims are too many and too well been two million tnree hundred and eighty thou- a good indorsement of the value of the Improvement. made any such promise of marriage ; and, unkindest their pretended ignorance that tiiis is a mere kaown to make the denial of much value. sand. Jfot one of all these passengers has lost Each span or rafter consist of a series of girders, so fi«h- cut of all, actually files a setoffofihe htmdred-doi-ofing conatructed on the recently patented plan of Mr. Sahsxl J, lUxvES, ofthe Phcenlx Iron Company, andremise:placedinscription,Capt.Cananythingpreposterouswhencoastructed,all unite laprov-Msias, of the U. S. Engineers. The names areplybe morethaneasy grades,of managementing that it must become a paying stock. The highest grade on the whole route does not exceed 26 feet to the mile, with the exception of seven mites over the mountains of the Alleghany, which do not exceed 52 feet to tbe mile. Tbe other link can be made by cotfc-antiqui- machinery above deicribed, to gather together aU one passenger, who, being three times required by to tbe desired arc, and rests at itjs ends on the walls. loaned, and obtained judgment against her for that ment tolerated the idea that a woman had any reallar note given by the desolated damsel at the auspi- His the aim of the Mormon leaders, with the his life on the road. With the single exception of ed together as to form a continuous beam. This is bent cious commencement of the acquaintance for moneyThe manner of holding the ends of the bow thus form- ed together, and of distributing any weight restingamount. So their relaUons have relapsed from the sen-vvith the CoimelsviUeroadon the eastern side of tbe Alleghany, a dlstaacC of aotto the stirfaces placein the by extreme, beingconverted intowhich the called cold-shortness eignty phorus, give qualities ofRights, confusion.bito ouras- fit of the traveling public of our City in general, aad of all the otherthe whole becomesOnce masters of their own per- never exceeds 12 miles per hour. These facts as the iron is bent snd broken. It is so hard that a file which were for a time quite puzzling, and on which should have "confusion worse confounded." In of officeaad much tougher than chilledthe such ashoes outlast threeof a few favored first wives. The subse- reliability of the current history of the road, and sets of commoB shoes. A patent has been obtained by of opinion in regard to the Presidency was six to one of the public traveling into, throughcomparative and it is stated that the hardenedhis labors asto case-hardening, and much cheaper, and less liableone of what consUtutes the Republican Party of Hall Park. So far, so good.take to say so, in tbe same unmistakable manner, if,600 members. Thea Mr. SsLuoK for this mode of easting iron. Heclaisu Chabs on the forinal vote 75 votingto thepartsonwhichitisapplied. Theoreis waipand tbe other tenthbut slightly attracted by the maimet. and not affectedOhio areCoasz,Batss and Camesos. I speakorethe contract system of working the examined. In fact, although ths or» has been known so positively, but think a decided majority would benorth of the the first namedfourthousands a year in the .lepart- If the claima advanced for this for SswAxn. may sayK. Masaa-cently discovered.mayGush, ERT 1. DILLON. RespectfuUy. ROBlournalboxesover the signa-conflict of commerce wKhby the Ganadlsn panic and party, is illustrated, not only by the Tbe Bates iVoTeraeat-Mlssenri Oppasldan a very decided effect on the nerves of Western Re-ture ofo''J«'""'",'?X- f»'"rn^.»„y beTheirrepressibleand favor the movement, does not seem to have son,"The rental ArraBgemealaUaeafSleainera—lacreaaedSubsidyPre-growingrailwaydevelopementofthisCity,but CanTeatlaa—Seward'sSpeechaadBates'publicans.ThegreatobjectiontoMr.Baiib(admit-other lines of road reported by the the Park, with the single exoeption of tbe Se-paae4« byemrmimiiatet <f *« Netg-Terk »»«*(jciBio, Tuesday, March 6, 1880.The correspondence between the Postmasters-Geaeral of Great Britain, the United States, and citement. This house has built some 1,000 loco-views only. He eanaot give anelsctoralaboutcond-avenue Road, easterly in ite to the Peck-slip ferry.PfJ^^""? 'tCeJr house pUate.its manufactures. Messrs. M. W. BALDWIN &Praspecta—8100,000 Breaeb of Promise ting for a moment that he Is a Republican) is, pte-up and form a kind ofon which the inmatesAnd, to obviate the dangebrrace above, a pah of hingedCo. are nowbut four for Southern roads, and all the orders having been received since the Harper's Perry ex-Case—Carataag lies.Ts. Shaw—Bhetchaf Par-Isely, that he Is not available. I am stotlag the froute, and running Anotber effort at a partial accommodation of thecould P'*" ofsc,motives,bathasneverhada list likethis onits pro-car wheel works in^lheConsiderableBates Presidentialed rise was occasloaod by the nnsalmoins aad heartyto ran a line from the Astor Hotise to the South dovra. Even if a '»!" aot ea- descending could,building fifty-eightlocomotives, alljg,flne visit fh>m^^ ^^gched ttat^^ whea It ^ rapporteorrtsfondtnce <JAnti- men, snd to the true workingmen of tkeof thecapacity doriementoftheiadgegivenby StateOppositionroutesas abundant the drawt>ack offset fromte wladowt thaahe wotUdTnU> OtOfUntitled Documentof the— came within a ^thoae voters wtu>, to 18i7,i, Co., embodied all the leading championsamotmt of expense.th«garawUoautld ?M?to tte tadier, besldaa taeraaalac tbeetectlngthey apply lathayaara eleeted HAsaisoa aad Tat-aad his sChair, whaa he daelaisd the objeet of Ike CoaveatiiiBStqnaM Bench,Udttydaysaltar SSLuS-e*«?^ta»rT»a»;will Insist on areal can-March 2,tally represented by"The InstitutlOBm^of U,;1«"°?"SJ4devtfeged. ^wg'tSittltlaaaoflatolersathatred would be absolutely poiatless against the native aad resident of a SlaveaState and formerslaveholder.ai tbelr true andservative, Vnlon-Ioviag respecter of the constitution- al rights of the Sonth. In the light of this speech theInclndluBMSn" irrepressible conflict " declaration of ths Rochestervery right proper complimentbe. It l< no more than afor the last Leglslatare and now oOBred aaew>"Railway Sapply Sfanofkctarea far tke water had been In a spheroidal state, and the ex- will hardly soffice, however, to convince the Chicago Is claimed for CAinaoa, and there may possibly be carrying, need more than 20 siagle ears oeeapy theand Baltlmaie SaUvrmy—I.oeamatlTe andbeen overheatedand clearness of this;hence. It was Inferred that theplosion was attributed to this cause. The boiler Convention that W, H. Skwud is a nane coaserva- three far Batss.sympathyl^'to the Church. It Is as though some Having alluded in a former letter to the ex- which never had stsam to spare, wonJd not be able canvass. The fight will be war to the knife, and eachple, tfitir^oranceFrom Onr Speoial Oorrespondent. Pbit.ai>xlpbia, Monday, Matfh 5, 1660.spaces between them,?athB, wereof disunion and the other iastniments of terrorism to<.lltletifMHancapeciallycould make four trips where now laake they,On Monday the $100,000 breach ofthe state of the water but a rehearsal this time ths curtain rise a for theandtheinhabitantsthereof,inalmost New-YorkandSouthwesternthoroughfare,es-thatItsteamedbetterthanbefore. C.WisWtuuifs itsmostavailableman—intbefield.Ferry.baats. TaIkeSdiloroftkeIfem-YorkIbnts:requisitelalttodlaal The stage lines would be grestly benefited, as theythree.of their new duties and changedin the matter of city connections, it ispronuseThe ferries between this City and Brook-to do its former work, but it was fouad on trial party will be compelled to put its strongest—that is,AspeoiB.statements."This letter was written by me to Professor Rxa-"In the firstI will you the facts. givemaking this selection,for the organization ofopporttme systemOHIO POIilTICB.plish a reform. The plan adopted is, first, to occupy '*aad read Mr. byin favor ofdivided chiefly between to chooseforacandidate. Theydidate of their party. There will be noFoBisTviiiX, Friday,Khe importantfact that the Messrs. BiAis, "father"Newark" polnte out Isddersasameans of escapethe fromReptoubtlhisctaincsket-not one ote;while he is utterly ua-tke Nexc-Terk Times.St. Lours, Saturday, March 3, ISM.fluctuationshavecharacterizedthe SlaverySuchIstheexactstateoftke case,andwithpalatablesouthern portionof the City and iteferries te made inwould answer theFJt^^^uielroBfwtmietto theGermans,to religiousdoublettiefifthofthebills reported, viz., that whichpro- Ufolded, and b*"^."<.ouidbetetdownwlthoatparty.stock during the past week. A decid- that state of the fact no one need look to his nomlna- posesThe introdnction ofsome Again, if the lower rtocleaPresident, Hoa. A. Laei- m_,^««taMs. dalywoalddMMBdpersonal explaaatioacites cases in which toits were made to ascertainwjiether the 4-lnch wator-soacss ia marine boilerswere sufficient. Pipes were Inserted, and cocks were onr Court of Common Pleas. The former trial was lyn are established, as everybody knows, The saving of time aad labor now consumed sad ex-case of CiBSUsa vs. Sbat comes on agabi for a hearing in—her sister, Mrs. Skahas, with whom she was"the fact, that over ally surveyed by the Father of bis Cotmtry while irewith his sacted engagement, and now comes into Court and make answer under oath that he neverthe cheapness of the cost constmction,I have just mixed wltn aare projectedin amount the Park Commissioners, exceeded allof IntelUgent and ardent Republicans,abusssof the proposed grantees In particular, It may not be emment put togetherDepartmenteof the eK>v- Otymittee as for legislative enactment audjadapt- propered to the public want. Two of these are for north of Ohio and south lines on the westerly side of tbe City, oneto the people of Ohio, 1 mutt say there are very few ef that sort ofhard and brittle; but the qualities of thisare different from the combinatlsa formerly men in this State. As a second choice, I caimot speakdemand it.^^m^m erder that my iaslnuatlons" may not *n-are n««improclwat/M. In^ust'ceand.,t^^T^ I^Im son. I would pr<9oae «m or njoi* }S*J^aad if.thereJoHB SaiakAK, that ne should exhibit them, and havenotclearlysee the.these steges contained IS pasaengen oaly. Bdiabla estimates dentonstrate that at ao <aie time aadvAe Interiectional organization, to do the same amoiint afleavingthisapartmentsuggestanyform, adoptedsecting Cbambersburghof it to all of so that it shall dertakes to supply many omissions in the above bio- As well might they attempt to excuse their neg- over ninety miles, or by the Pacific road,upon one partform, practically,feature of the invention, and it is extremely simple leading cities of the confederacyconi^ae- tobacco juice about the floor, by ref- Ing near Harrisbtirgb and joining the Connelsrile oaparts it,ttgetherat all times, for a weight bemg placed any part—each bridge having been crossed by eight tkeroof would tend to flatten that part and to bolge a fortune of a million and a half. He lives in hand- the floor beside the seats they are to occupy.nia road must oar to the State, already amooate to more than (300,000 per annum, aad will soon reach to half a miilion. This sum will more than pay the la- tcresta&whatIsneededtogiveto New-Yorkacon- tinuous and direct road to the waters of tke Mlsals- siinpepit.hisMercbanteaadcapitaalinsdteleotfaNoelwth-isYo^exam-subject thoroughly, gotdea op-portunity to increase your trade and eiuick yoar 'City pass by tinheeaed, T. S.The Central Park. IMFIACBMSNT OF THB COUKISSIOKXBS, BT BOBT. }. DILLON, X8Q.To Ike Editor of tke Ifew-Tork Ttsnes :I received from Mr. Cokkliho, of the Assembly,this morning, a slip from the Dailt Tnsas of Monday last, by which it appears that considerable aaibragealBoat unparalleled spread of Mormonismoughtto move the American people to a just con-Hderation of the evil, while yet within bounds inOUT own country.AslongasBeiohauYoungcanenjoyhispres- onehalfofthisamount,andthedangerofbridges ofthecompressionpiecesordinarilyusedarethus ftrioalmwaillthentanglingaclalilamncess.,Heborehidmseflofrdmuerr- theleast practicalsense,thattheyhavenomore :avoided. Theweightofailparts,exceptthegirder, philosophic amusingent power and position here, so long he will stay falling under the latter trains is therefore not ex- is about thirty per cent, of the weight of the gird- ing the duller interluaes by reading Dickiks' inimita- to do with the real practice of every-day life here, and there will be trouble in Utah. The Army treme. As to the care and expense bestowed ers, the whole weight being from twenty-five to thir- ble rvesp.orPticofkwtihcekg.reMaitsbsrEefafcihxoefsptriommatiesse hcearsewofunBdaerd- than the first principles of moral philosophy havemelytonsthousand freight trains. The average weight ofoutEome other part, which would be held m its place some style at a beautiful place near the city called Such abstractions as these might well enoughbythetie-rod. Alltherodsaresetuapndtoaltlhteheproper torthematrimonialnet. Heis anoldbachelor,hav- engage the fancy ofvisionary metaphysicians. tension by screws, simply attached, jointsthese trains has been two hundred and fifty tonsTowerGrove,andis, altogether,quiteagoldenfishbe moved now, but in a few years, when the upon keeping the bridges in repair, there is main- ty pounds per foot. The cost is about $3 per.footlmayevil shall have swelled into more gigantic proper. tained at a cost of some thousand dollars a month'tiona, it wiU be needed again. Not until Yousg a corps of bridge carpenters, and at a cost of sixPboposkd Impbotbmknts in Welding.—The"of and one$100,000, young gentlemen, passengers in the boats, have;the average weight of passenger trains is less than are simply and cheaply made. The cost and weight ing managed hitherto in life to keep himself free But ordinary observation would show any one ofThe defeadant un- ted many thousand folios of depoiitions from all theclaim to a share in the privileges that men enjoy ?mood.an InHeilble arch, is the leading graphical sketch, and for that purpose has accumula- lect to,whoof the Mormon Church are now to be found any of its bridges to a passenger train, ^r to any 7 In number, for a 125 feet span, are attached at equal Hknky Shaw, Esq., the defendant, is a well-pre- eye-sight, setting forth the dogma that gentlemen ninc eastward, will be fully completed. A few nsil- ciides distances apart to the bottom of the girder, and come served aLd rather comely Englishman of three- lion^ of Collars applied by New-York now to the com-in every land and every clime. Visions of empire other train. During the past six yeare, besidesaad Diilimited power over a million subjects may the passenger trains, the weight of freight trams of (he arc, formed by the girder—t, e., a'Mvethe Uae of city, and by small savings, successful speculation iu against indulging in a wholesome foot bath of to- throughout the Southern counties of Pennsylvania, BOW liannt the brain of Brigham Yovsa. This carried over these bridges exceeds two millions of Tbe tops of the walls. Tnus each tie is oantension rodf r"eaglooesdtaotled,gaendtlpeemrahnalpysvbiyceproofpaevrarciuclet,i"vahtaisonamoafstsheadt bacco juice, spirted in indiscriminate puddles on taoxrnofHatihrieesbmuirlglhs toonPittotnsnbaugreg,h,wahniucnhttahxedPreonands.ytTrhae-timental to the mercenary;On the 4th of next 60 miles of the Cea- day Julyat a common centre, which lies above the chord score. He was formerly a hardware merchant in this ought to regard the foolish prejudice of ladies iJetion of these important liaks, will give to hersdenlslibilities and blighted hopes of becoming Mrs. with the practical politics of the day. Some of theto her claim as a valid one by a verdict in her favor. taken in charge the task of correcting this fe-;should be any realCbicinna'l, andare claimed as aaU-CHXii—whether truly orbut I do know that fire-ilxths ofTours,A VETERAN OBSERVER." not, I eanaot saythe Ohio delegatiaB to Chicago are for CaAss. OneWORDS FKOIH THE PEOPI.E.—Female Impadeaee Coadnct af laadles oncome nopomt of the Park should be thrown open and paved for the accommodation of such steges as would roa after the establishment of aUup-townrail-routes.to the known of ferry-boat usage usingin awouldtoof common sense that the place was not intendedmusty periodty, when the primitive state of human enlighten-last, aad reported for passage, bat wkose BfceaaaataOMLegWa.a letter writtena lady can have time to seat herself. If this Conxinia from his place in the House. Your articleTnitimesstirring among politicians. such force and proximity to her as to bespatter her reply to oae asking to exposeGentlemen of this labor imder a deep convio- genusnot successful. is ParUcuIarlySsw-and Sover- CAasaos, Popularare mingled in all the maiesof the Commissioners of the Central Psrkcase with the zealous advocates of particular shouts and cries like those after tks confiisioa ofof it.this theI lake theTo enable you to determine whether it contaiaadBiicais, March,1S60,some arrangement Yours,impudent infringe-So far as the Hall Park is concerned,CityCityBighis.ConxuxG in his aad official public" "simply insinuations," without open aad specificbills^ings. 1I venture to suggest th.i Iron Udders _ three uptown eouldbefolded Committee,aUofwhichtenroadsterminateator copstructedinsuchamanner't"h'aJt"th"e;y^^,^iowti.for a fare of tliree cente.another bill or two establishing two or three more In-alarmingtbehouK,»P^ pend ant ls(dderhaa«tB« ter a lowerstageslower than the Park. The lowerused by Mr.espa-city.responsibility;, ^l""t"neslmaissuingbtm Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 