 tea for c&ief ,Qferftteraaee axn-rea-r*«. and fltisf itof M*[traitor*.leaafci* at Office ha* of theb; tho •leasttra, ittrniah-£3 one of cue, and matter it on * Boeodabie Rorn jurhythingto rhichsttr- which it t to be a r>.ad oftachotof scipfeaof aiidrOAl a3s, and, ute harma vicious,ought allt respoo-:n .c fond*jwftoa> o»e side and the politicaljxereise. parties . eircm*-». Bat ions the was to eix long at goodcreated Bat existinge extent natureig itself. L o o ktezmees. octs ©or- sntial ofIs s o t portion X takesgeta. last & niggle* to ibera, lika tfpie, a n d vote anycoatditof both te meet uarrekr,selfish ftiee, of lay itpropor- ronage, rsafeab/ ortant,M yre- is only iseaeed r. Bat ee can of the icdthi* . .•«';'.ftywaat blanks,a t . I t princi- loweettt a fair abya2JHJ*. yNew- ies, and *»ort+-d it—Sua Sfl pub- permitsand its laps-we i t o ob-eweet rrai* as " filledI loaf- >f some ; to be degree in anySeveral » Black iOe ac-ofex-xxdzo?Jonble- be&mg- sfcillat oar fiUHits tern as Is arid ehypo-A a jof his own merit has be&n outraged, whose self- reapoct Baa been shocked» whose pairio&«m has re-ceived a blow, Whose l o w of his species has been whose principles hare been .omi.toderistood, whose motiTes hare been so misapprehended^ whose parity has boon so questioned, and who, id abort, has, as regards aS his most cherished feeling* and all his most spiritual, moral, and' sentimental* aalxtte, so to apeak, been utterly sockdologized— such aggrieved gentleman has his remedy. H e hasonly to send to the editor of The Confederacy a full account of his antecedents; he is to tell him whoca fee supported for President in 1856; to whom he gave bis rote at the last State election; who was bis choice for a Representative in theFederal Congress; whom he sup*ported for Mayor- •<&vprove that be never voted for a Black Republican;prove that be did not vote for Mr. Fillmore in 1856; •- -frove that ho is guiltless of The Conftderacy's charges generally; produce his record as to these filSe matters, and let this evidence be accompanied bya certificateof itstruth signedby^re of the names or firms in the White List, and the editor of The Confederacy "will make &e corl . " rection." Can anything be fairer? or easier? ItMr4MAIiLORY (Dem., Fla.) moved to strike out " "8 . ^ ^ thejhtowt t<4>th0w "Sir. fiATJN^ fPeni., dat)~hope2j*<a£!p&oii violate its engagements with contractor^,fflE^SK?**^ Senators would bewmembered *a the4MM M M Affain~JM*9tn..Corwin. BttrUnr«n«. B»r«uui«l« T**JmIfon-Arrfral of theHALIXAX, Tlutrsday, Feo.3—8 p._ „ ^ J. L * / « & 5 S i - ' The R- M. steamship Canada, from Liverpool 28th,>Isoa sCHAKI.ESTOWS, Va. Thursday, Feb. 9,1860.to& whoei Thet imp-- though aesoae It dia-cent, he said, was not sufficient to pay tbe damagebuerained by the failure of the Government to pay itdebts. Injuetice w a s also done the assignee by. e xwas closed to-day. . The Court then adjourned untilprepare hi* argome&ta. .No doubts are entertained us second sober thought may bring as to our asaasa.saf• •the Senate, o&^Monday lasNipon the President's!MR. SMITH'S RESIGNATION.Mr. Smith has resigned the Commissionership ofwatched by any one more cloeely than himself. Let a rsmBEGETTED BY AGNETICTELEGRAPaFrom /Wasliiiigtoja.by leading Southernmen, and theBufferings anddrain,Jttnkttr, «ea*in»,Babbitt,Delano.«ndT*«ch7*T.C.l" Invalid pcn*itx,c~yi<!**ntfenton,Vo*tw, Sickw rtoruat*.-11virOnwiistown 29£h x&Lt baa noti.1* e sspeoious reasoning of Mr. Buchanan. Mr. Chand- ler is a successful and intelligent merchant of De- troit—a class of whom there are too few in the n_ _a t i o n . a „ l c o„ u—n „c _i l _ s . .trade and commerce, and particularly in their rela-tions,to the upper lakes. He has .examined theaubject of the power of Congress, under the Consti- father, who lived in Nebraska, which was under period.The Secretary of War caused an orderto issue to-day•* K•Senators on thiB eide would sit them out.Mr. SIMMONS said the Senator had no right to im-pute motives. The Senator was a better judge of his own motives than ol his (Sinimons's) votes and opinions.Committee be appointed to examme the law in relation to printiLg, ana the prices paid therefor, and that they report theieon, with the least practicable delay, such changt'B or improvements as may be deemed desirable.!1l IJ-portant document, which had been in the hands of the On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the election of a Printing Committee a long time, had not been Printer was then postponed till Monday by Yeas 103;;»iiHouse, the Senate superseded the Special Order on son than an honest discharge of his duty and a fear- heard of a person who violated a contract affixing the JLnorovinQ—Mktm.'&dnJsi,Covode, tndMtel&y. ^ -^•! *•JVEW-YORK DAttf TPJUBTjmk FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 10, I860.aggrievedgentlemanwhosesenseTHE LATEST NEWm*l>e ofifeooa, the additional information, not directly•'.'.4T,.from* he did not think it remarkable iffiatr: «* PJesidentfe^eciJon*" aWMSpecial DUpalch to th6 N. Y. Tribune.W A 8 « I N G T O N , Thursday, Feb. 9, I860.PRTSTIKG PATRONAGE IN THE SENATE*. WhOe the election of Printer was delayed in theThe Gran4 C%a0e^* «* B o ^ J J ^ Mta»4»» htlt* this traniaction was to be condemned or deplored, te£ Tho Pd^nia^ter-,^a**~ ^ a right to issue cer- ard Babbitt, andFo»t«r. " ! •<.':-' '•' v '" ' •''"'• • eewiou to-rfay. . One haxdrwi and Mj.Cbs&Jmjrmnthe Post-Office bill for four hours, with a discus-sion on printing extra numbersof the Patent-Officemeasure of damages ? :?.v, v&&* ^^zMl^n-l. T*^amendment;waa^^i5e^cted?by Tea*17,Naya,32.•T*3>enditttrc* in th*r'ttottt "Departjw«jr~Messr». MoKera, Stent,Bsrr,Lowe,endDawwu, .,,,/'••,., ^_•.'..• _ _^,' JCxptnditurei in the-Ttraavrf Dtjfartmt»t>^eeata.LoQa&srTHE HOUSE COMMITTEES.seen Brown but once, and that accidentally. ThatWalton, Harris (Va.),Jajd.Nelson. ' . ••?:.;.; «*. • ', The first express to California will le^ve this pl*o«Joint Committee on tho Library—Meant. Pettft, Adams on the 4th of April, and will run over the presentWmtacter, he then believed his mind was strangely dis- disappointment. The Southern Opposition and Anti- turbed; and in writing here to judge Blair to pro-"&e on -printing—Messrs. Gurley, Haskln, and road direct to Sacramento C'ty. The proprietors «raof course, there are exceptional cases of individualDimmick.Soint Committee on Enrolled Bill*—Messrs. Davidson, and confident of reaching Sacramento in, eight dUjs, aoAselected Messrs. King, Foster, and Grimes as the suant to which he was summoned, because the ros- Aa the txa^jcoacern at Eichmond charges fifty Committee on their part to cooperate with that ap- olutiin contains no Parliamentary purpose, butpointed by the House for the Presidential campaign. only an apparent effort to aid some judicial end byHouse and report at an early day euch modification in tho matter of aesigning her representatives to place*'«*Bed W , may perhkps better go i a an Appendix!of the ratee paid as public.justice and a due regard to rigid economy in the expenditures require, and that they have po ?rer to examine witnesses and report at anytime. ' .on Committees.ttevTerrite£ d^DiMdPiaV. ^&et'Sft^SState«,i^aild^^wve«Aw.«^i # Pi^_S|a^ia«i inditeasferat orftcsesettlerswhichflowedthere-SUX.6K Kem^t (WloteT, um,^ Brabwn; aodiWarttn (Obt Moat* avd GanaU—M***nt. Msiiory, Morris (Ilh).Singlften,'Bxaiwxfta20.vaS«j% Mohtgoja.ery;RustaadFoVry^ {, P<>tettt*-1A**gtv Mlllward, Stewart(Md.),Bumham, Niblackyfew men should have been educated thaw by up to j ^Mxi^J3,g^^)^^\j^9)3^K 6;per cent was, the and Frank.rej^lsfiiiter»»tv'^aa^t>,» and the eorrect 'measure'" of Pvbiic Bvildivat and Groundi—Mewi. Train, Beale, K«ttt, the point of armed retaliation. However much dsmapee.• Ife dit?-aot fcaow&he assignees in the.mat- BfcFhexsoti, «ndPeylonJ* T> v. •* *!»n>jw.j*i>.^: *i-*s*s <»•• The Royal Arcfe •Mmmmu Ar>»*e»r, Tbuwday, Feb, 9, IB60Uit wa» not comparable,in point of.public danger to theassault made upon a Senator of Massachusetts ontiflSfelewise^tb<|»«eirafei«(^money on them up, to, / ', /'•' freprem»t*d. -The fotlowm^ officers Wx»e ^SriWW. J*tt««^;5bM«ssi«^i«s*.r«teO. ss^B* Pt *Jb&4 *4vmhis opinions, which was general-dollars PMLtfeeJasertion of a name upon their liatjm i t is certainly not improper that such a fact should They will immediately unite forces and begin work. legislative means. That this investigation is not The House refused to second the demand for the Committee on Private Land ClaimB for similar reasons. 15150,000, were eaved by the steam fire enOToe*, Iios»* "ibe mentioned when treating of this s abject—such is • -oar wifeh to do a good turn toour neighbors—though - -a.matter of that delicacy is not referred to by The• " " , , ••••;;•'* , y-f. ••Confederacy.think that any good could come out of the election of a Printcr£at this time. He. wiehed to state why they should not proceed to this business.Mr. SHERMAN (Rep.,ofOhio)asareasonforhismotion, said he desired to complete the organization ofDepartment.Mr. STEVENSON (Dem., Ky.) presentedthe memo-rial of. James S. Crisman, contesting the seat of Mr. Andersonof Kentucky.Mr. HUGHES presented the memorial of Wm. G. Harrison, contesting the teat of Mr. Davis cf Mary-The Southern University.NKW-OULKAUS, Wednesday, Feb. 8, I860. The Board of Management of tho University of th* Sou'h.metto-dav. FiveBishops were present. Th» Charter granted by the Tennessee Legislature wa* accepted, and a Committee appointed to arrange da-9fB.^ e have already briefly referred to the debate ia} ing the troops at the garrisons along the route.CHfAPHDl-ES'SS P E E C H .tie House. Ho did not care a fig who was elected. land. »tails.,fH e i s v e r s e d i n a l l q u e s t i o n s o fb e f o r e t h e H a r p e r ' s F e r r y C o m m i t t e s .written by him to J. H. Kagi was in answer to an-appeal for money, to redeem the farm of Kagi's mined to press its passage at the ealiest practicable one hundred to two or three hundredthousand dollars.tution, to improve the harbors and channel* of our mortgage to a Cincinnati banker.ernment to sue in'tbe Courts of the United States.B y Mr. HELMICK—Xo reduce the compensationinland sias. H e is a practical, pointed, vigorous,Mr. Plnmb testified that he gave money to Leary for tbe purpose of enabling him to engage in assist-to Messrs. Pouitney & Trumble of Baltimore for a large number of Smith's patent breech-loading carbines, in accordance with calls of the numerous officers of the army.and of the Republican party, sharing largely ia the ro- ?ponnb:Sity of the legislation, before they elect a Printer,"to pass a resolution or law, fixing the prices at rates which will aflbrd no such spoils.Mr. jSHERMAN reminded his colleague of the fact that, 0 the beginning of the laBt Congress, a proviso wa» attached to the motion to proceed to the election of i Printer, and that Congress snould not be prevented from reducing vj.'the rates and regulating themode and ,.manner of executing the public printinari He; now added this to his motion. Mr. bTANTON replied tbat at the lust CongrSss theregulate tho mileage.By Mr. REYNOLDS—For the improvement of thenavigation of the Hndson River, at aud near Albany. AIt<6, for the erection of a Poet-Office, CustomHouse, and Court Building, at Albany.JOHN COCHRANE presented a petition of Benja-min Price, and a thousand others, for the freedom of the public lands to actual settlerf. ».^$12,000.Amount of insurance not jet ascertained..MOVEMENTS *OP MIRAMON.Private advices received here state that Miramon was expected to leave the capital of Mexico about the 29th of January for his proposed demonstration againstVeraCruz. Itwasexpectedhecould col- lect a force of about eight or nine thousand, includ-undertaken as incidental to the power of the Sen- ate to try impeachments, nor its power to judge Of the qualifications of its members, nor its power to punish contempts aga'nst its own authority, nor itspowerto protect itsown privileges; andthat the discovery of all the.matters pointed at by the resolution, would not fend to instruct the legislative mind, in the amendment of existing statutes, or inprevious question, by a vote of 74 against 66. Mr. HUGHES (Dem., Md.) aaked but failed to ob- Mr. STANTON (Rep., Ohio) requested that this tain leave to introduce a bill to eatablish an additional 8ubject.be paseod over for the present. He did not Executive Department, to be called the Agriculturalonly $5,000.the framing of new legislation..money for deepening the channel over the 8t. Clair the Land Office, to engage as counsel in an import- the power to make inquisition into the question ofAlabama JLeffislatnre.veto of the cell of the last idasion appropriating;MoKTooMimr, Wedceaday, Feb. 8.1860. Tbe Mobile Bank bill, and the Bailway Subscrip- By Mr. STEVENS of "Washington Territory—'For tion and Attachment bill, have passed the Senate,the guilt or innocence of crime by coercive process, Mr. Chandler in review of the errors of fact and Tennessee, involving titles to copper mines, esti- as a power always incidental to punishment, andFlats, and especla^y-the^able and caustic speech of ant case, to come before the Supreme Court, fromthe defence of Puget's Sound and the entrance to slightly amended. The House will concur. There iamated at several millions. . ! ' • ' . . ; " THE HARPER'S FERRY INVESTIGATION.Mr. Plumb of Ohio has completed his testimonythat it would beneedrulonly to stretch the Constitu- tion eomewbat further in the same direction, to enable the Senate to punish as well as to inquire.Columbia Biver. ,By Mr. BINGHAM—For nullifying aU legislationin New- Mexico legalizing or establishing Slavery.By Mr FENTON—For the settlement of tbe claims of the ofHcers of the Revolutionary Array, aud grant-ing; penaioi'8 to tbe soldiers of the war of 1312.By Mr. OTERO—To provide a temporary Govern- ment for Arizona, and to create the office of Surveyor-much rejoicing over these events...., •.> i//.. Col. Forney Serenaded.PHILAOEI.PHI.1, Thursdav, Feb. 9,1860. Col. Forney waa serenaded to-nignt by hia personal. and political friends, at his residence, on Washingtonsquare.Fire,CHICAGO, Thursday, Feb. 9. U1860. Tbe Beckwith House and five adjoining buuildrings ia Peoria, 111., were destroyed by ;fire to-dxy. Loss,and fluent speaker, who commands the ear of theSenate upon this class of questions. Familiar ing slaves to escape, but that he had no knowledge Tbe friends of Mr. Defrees pay that the remarks ofJUDICIAL SALARIES.:•/with this particular case, Mr. C , in his speech of of the invasion of Virginia, or of any plan to pro- Monday, detected, exposed, and denounced the mote insurrection there or elsewhere, and that hehad not seen John Brown for more than twentyMr. Stanton in the House to-day will not in the least damage his prospect Of election as Printer.A movement has already been made for a Bankrupt Law, but there is no promise of success.Before the Constitution of 1846 we had A Cbanwllor .1falsehoods, lame logic, and perverted constitutionalA Vice-chancellor for New-YjoxItThis i* but the beginning of a flood of petitions of a An Assistnnt Vice Chancellorfor New-York..Salary **.00e j..SaUry . t,9m Salary 2,S0O Salary 1,60»The Hooee would have adjourned to-day until Mon- law of the veto—proving that its author was either yeais, and never corresponded with him. He also day, but for ihoir desire to act on the Senate's amend-the dnpe of others in respect to this matter, or was testified to the existence of an organization called ments to the Poet-Offico bill to-morrow.similar character. A Vice-Chancellor for Eighth DistrictHealeo presen+ed a petition of the Chamber of Com- Thr^e Justices of Supremo Court, salary <83,000 each.... 9,009utteriy ignorant of what he undertook to write' the " Sons of Liberty," whose platform of prin-merce of New-Y ork, for the tabulation of the annual 3F!iePrinter to the SXois.seof JEtepre- zentleman elected Planter was not a resident of this taJee, and tbe capital employed in, and the annualEight Circoit Jndges who wero Vice Chancellors, twowith salaries of ^1,600 «ach ,...^12,80#The new Constitution abolished the Court of Chan-about, or had willfully misstated both the facts and ' • t h e law pertaining to this highly important and truly national work. Either this off-hand speech ofciples is as follows:" No jpan aboil b« deprived of 11£>, liberty, or property; with- out dne proces* of law, while we have power to prevent i t "geiiiaiivea.Spcciel Dispatch to The N. Y. Tribune.WASHINGTON, Thursday, Feb. 9, I860.earnings of tbe Commerce of the United States, to be made an arrangement foriis sale aud barter that he inlcuded in the Ceheue of 1860. i •John A. Andrews of Boston also appeared be- Mr. Chandler, or one from him, on the same sub- fore the Committee. He was summonded becausethe stump and elsewhere, and had attributed to his The House hung up on the Printer, as you will see political opponents the using of the public printing asjourned.as also tbe Court of Common Pleas, and provided for thirty-two Justices of the Supreme Court and. four Judpes of the Court of Appeals, with salaries to be fixed by the Legislature, but alterations not to affectject, more elaborate than this, ought to be exten-Pae of their means of political corruption, which the epublicans condemned. .He wished to place himself The fact is, there are those who consider that Mr. in a position not to have these things hurled back onsively circulated all along the borders of our lakes, this city that he had been retained as counsel forALBANY, Thursday, Feb. 9,1860.The diucussion on the' pro-rata bl 1in Aeeombly at- Judges in otfice at the time of any change.the Committee had learned through Mr. Chilton ofby the proceedings.From Albany.T h e l e t t e rT o t h e A j w o c i n t e d P r e w .WASHINGTON, Thursday, Feb. 9,1860.to show shippers and marines how utterly hopeless the defense of John Brown, through Mr. Andrews. Defrees was not fairly nominated. His nomination at him when he next took the stump. He was opposedit is to look for any improvement in the conditionthe last caucus was a general surprise. Everybody to an election under such circumstances. He repeated, tracted a large attendance at the House to-day audUnder the new Constitution, therefore, we startedTbe friends of the French Spoliation bill are deter-Genera).By Mr. GROW—To permit the creditors of the Gov-That he regardeda1 -Is.,fRU1mU;nISIfl!fainMi i1.•»•li(mI | IIThe Committee desired to know from what source1.««fthosevasthighwaysofcommerce,solongasthe fundswerederived,whatinterestsherepresented, morningthecaucusassembledMitchellundoubtedlyE'reasury,andappealedtobispartyfnendatocometo considerableoutsideinterestbeginijt<»bemanifestedin with. '• - ••^«•*prevejd*tii<jm.irom,being,soli..*,_., £, ,., , , .the very floor of the Senate, and for no other rea- Mr. GI2EEN (Demf :Mb.) ^aked who bad ever andBobinson(flT.) .,, - . fs^2JJ>Kk ""•••'•'--••«»' ft 'less expression oflyapplaudedthroughoutthe South. That was a i The^proyisothattheinterestbe,payableonlytoco# Qnaries.Well*,Thomas,axdTrdn, ••& , ,Report, in order to give their printer the advantage direct and deadly blow aimed at civil liberty and tractors themselves,, and'be in full of all' clalmsfor .• Expenditure* in th* War\.Dej»artm«nt—Messrs. Stewart (ra.), .: : , •. i&*\- ••., ' •!• r ' •fromO.H&.damages, and be recerptedfor accordingly was then of that job, which was carried by a decisive party representative government in America. Among" adopted by Yesa36, NayftT3. I•>•.:-,Larrabee,^cvjrpfchw, Cooper,"aad Morrill. •"'J'•.* _ '•':£xpmditvre*in Ihe Aavy VeparimaU—UiXSn. Hattou,Var Proposed derwood, Blair, Hughes, and Sbertnao. _.'!. _•,majority, excluding our side from any participationin its benefits.An fttiwindment was olfered by Mr. TOOMBS (Dem., The Committees give general satifaction; though, while he impressed him as a man of decided char- Ga.), totally abolishing the-franking privilege.Eapendimrtt inaiPoi^<iOUfe DtparlMtnt—IAeam.Pahner,Martin, (Va),Moore (Ky.h.Laudrow, and5tanton. worth loother facts, Mr. Andrews stated that he had neverAJr'iSte- amendments made yesterday in Committeewere^greedto., . " \,-: ''•'..,.-.•'• ""'.'. FzpmdHvrfori lh« PvblidBuildiriar—-IMessrs. Brayton,Noell, . , . &*Mmm%&, ThuradA^fiJsvflLaa^• Mr. CLINGMAN (Dfem., N. C.) moved to fix the time lbr the 10th of April. :', .--.-..Mr. TOOMBS;accepted the amendment, Whereupon the amendment was agreed to by'Yeas 31, Nays 21.(l^ass.), asdPnnb. ' , < route to Salt fcake, and thence by Capt. S*mtwon'» Joint Commit,Theaker. ,r. before tbe 1st of June, by which time the-Hne will b« The President'a Ar/nual Message -was then read. thoroughly organized, they expect to deliver dispatch** OnmotionofMrvSHERMAN,itwasreferredtothe atthet*rmhnx8«»fthetelegraphlineinCannmV*fley»Committee of the Whole on tiie State of the Union, in six davs from Leavenworth. This would hrrnrflft*and ordered td"be printed1; Francisco within a week's communication of New-The question of printing the usual number of copies York. To perform the trip in eight days, the proj»$«vMr. SHERMAN (Rep.t O.) moved that the House was referred to the Committee on Printing. t> tors estimate tbat they wfll eaefly tuxompUA V'iwari- preferring to remain on the Committee on Ways these • and other questions, Mr. Andrews proceed; to the election of & Printer, and demanded Mr. FABNSWOErH/CBepi, HL) was, at his own mum speed of eight miles an hourT They nn^ deter-I • is not intended,- w e presume, to exclude testimony and Means, where he was assigned in the last Pern desired to record Ms protest against this assump- the prtvions fiuestion.request, excused from serving oa the Committee oa mined to effect this, and are purchasing 300 ehok* Indian'AfTairs. y."'-. hprees, in add^ion to t h e . j ^ ^ i ^ n q s ^ ^ ^ ' Z ^ * *Fire In Philadelphia* .M&- PHU-AOKLPHIA, Thursday, Feb, % SSSBf.Tlie cotton and woolen mill on Lawrence street, owned by Joeeph Kipka, aud occupied "bfVnrA TBttr- low, was partially burned last night. The fit* origi-on any other point beside those mentioned, which the tradesman is dispoaed to offer in justification of his character; but as it is unquestionably best toocratic Congress.THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.The Senate Eepublican caucus this morningtion of undelegated power. He contended that the Senate does not possess the power to obtain testi- mony by coercive inquiry, under the resolution pur-Mr. BURNETT (Dem., Ky.) moved that there be a call of the House, which was agreed to.On motion'of Mr. HOARD (Rep;, N. YJ it was re-solved that the^eommittee. on Public E^eiuflitures as on it he could be of no earthly service to his con- should u^uir©-iiitb'tho expenses for the printing of the stituents. The interests of Texas had been disrearardedvide counsel for his defense, he had expressed theLecompton men have been well noticed, and nocomplaint can be made of sectionalcast. Mr. opinionthat,evidence of hisinsanitycouldbepro- Monday..?'?.•-. Winter Davis could have chosen his own position cured froni Boston to Kansas, which was;in the House, but positively declined any distinction,, afterward literally verified. After answering' The bill then passed, and the Senate adjourned tillhe desired to prevent the plundering of the public- !1 ton, that John Brown had been urged to trial with- intelligent quarters, of his nomination. This was the two last and on the final ballot York, solicitor for the same Corporat|ou. In 1857, however, the Legislature, among many yotcd for Mr. Defrees against that . nominee.expected Mr. Mitchell.would be the nominee; and theCottonocracy hold possession of the Federal Gov- and what motives influenced his intervention. Mr.emmeni. Andrews stated that when intelligence reached Bos- favor, and not a doubi was entertained, in the most Indiana delegation,. including Mr. Colfax, from sylvania Central Railroad, and Mr. Itobinaou of New- Beside some extra Judges ia New-York.ccadjutjrs for publishing its pretended lists of beirg reached by his friends, and have his Casehad 41 votes, Coombs 13, and Defrees 35. In the in- that time on the Indiana Delegation, who should not night., in coi-nrmaUon of R. Van Vaik suburgh, stood as all the JudgeB $1,000 each, but this could onlfynelpWhite and Black ^ew-York Traders 'and repudi- a t e s t i e dirty meanness of spirit that could prompt sucha proceeding. In this itdisplaysmuch more manliness, and a much loftier tone, than was exhib- ited by some of the mercantile houses themselves, -which, instead of contemning the Whole thing, forthwith rushed into print with an eager desire to pnbHsh their own abjectnees of spirit, and with bated breath and craven humbleness meekly bowed to the rod of their Southern overseers. If the spirit• of trade has not driven every honorable emotion from their souls, we commend them to the study of the character of some respectable slave-trader for a few lessons in the manly virtues. Indeed, there area good opinion of him as a brave and conscientious voured with the example of decent men for masters, doftnder of the Free-State cause, which he consid-tervening time Mr. Coombs's friends went to the sup- iidw arraign him for not adhering to party discipline. fofiowe:those thereafter chosen. So last Winter this scheme was matured of amending the Constitution, so aa to work backward as well as forward," and seoure tho whole array of Jndges a compensation not anticipatedfew slaves on the plantations who have been fa-Speaker of the House of Representatives, as an act de- serving of ceneare, it being in opposition to the senti- ment* of the people, of the entire State. The resola- tions were adopted with but one disseDting vote. All tbe American delegates voted for the censure.A repolution was also adopted for appointing a Com- mittee <o wait on Gov. H»cks to inquire whether the newspaper statement that he had sent his Secretary of State to congratulate Mr. Pennington on his election was correct. Several members declared that they were authorized to say that the statement wa3 unfounded, but the Committee, notwithstanding, w a s appointed.-••'• o —State Agricultural Society.ALBANY, Thursday, Feb. 9; 1860.T h e d a y w a s p a s s e d b y "the S o c i e t y i n e x a m i n i n g t h e articles on exhibition, and in general discussion, at tho morning sesbion. In the evening, the Hon. A. B. Con- ger dehved the annual address. Secretary Johnson read the reports of tho several Committees, awarding prizes on farmB, crops, grains, dairy pjroiucts, &c, in- cluding that of a Committee on the Agricultural Survey of Ouoxjdaga County, by the Hon. Geo. Ceddes, which was ordered to be published in the Society's transac- tions. The President elect, upon taking his seat,briefly returned tbai>k* to the Society. IGov. King epoke at length in favor of the Agricul-tural College at Ovid.Major Patrick spoke on the same subject.Thanks were voted to the re-tiiing officers, and, afterpassing several busiEcse resolutions, the meeting ad- journed.State Medical Society. AMIANY, Thursday, Feb. 9, 1860.At the Medical Society to-day three delegates were appointed to represent the Society in the Convention for the revhdon of the pharmacopoeia at Washington in May next; also a Committee of five to consider aud report the feasibility of a topographical and hydro- graphical survey of the State, with reference to a systematical drainage as a hygienic measure.A Committee of Eeventeen were appointed to attend theNatioralQuarantineandSanitaryConventionat Boston, in June next. .A Committee of twenty-six were appointed to attend the American Medical Association, meeting in May next. •reduced from eight to six, but the aggregate number of higr-ealariedjludges is increased two. So we are te have:ered the cause of liberty and good Government, in which all free settlers of Kansas, whether from North or South, bed a common interest. In conse- quence of his own reflf ctions,- and the suggestions of other?, representing all shades of opinion, and as there was no time to lose, he assumed the re- sponsibility of engaging Southern counsel in Wash- i n g t o n a n d R i c h m o n d , w h o s e b u s i n e s s i t s h o u l d b e'4 gaged ia killTig and dressing for the New-York of which the circumstances would admit. He jst public the sheep and lambs which butchers here .accordingly guaranteed and paid $1,300 in- 6 Judges of the Appeals (salary $3,500) 32 Justices Supreme Cooxt (salary $3,500)$21,00ft 113,000to whom they might not look up with the expecta- tion of finding a standard of manhood above their owo.The N. Y. Express sajs that Tburlow VTe^d and •the "AJbany Hegency" UTC "determined not only ** to make"laws for New-York City, and monopo-Total...And what is worst of all, we are to have the jurisdic- tion of the old County Courts restored to relieve thia army of high salaried Judges from the drudgery of trying the email causes until the County Courts shall have tried them once, and sent them up on appeal.It may be eaid that, under the old Constitution, we h a d a n a r m y o f m a s t e r s a n d e x a m i n e r s , a n d w e h a v e now as many referees as the Judges see fit to appoint to perform similar duties. Even in the country, where Judges have an easy time of it, or might have, if they would write shorter opinions, the practice is to» refer a great part of the causes set down for trial at the Circuit, to a single referee at the parties' expense.I hoped that some articles inTHK TRIBUNE had de- stroyed the chances of this scheme of amending the Constitution: but I see that lawyers who want the County Court to practice io, and who niturally enough want to stand well w i t h tbe Judges, aro circulating petitions for it. Gentlemen cf the Legislature: the State has too many claims upon its justice and philan- thropy for the people to carry through this scheme; save them tbe trouble of voting it down, as they •areljr will, if you insitt on giving them the opportunity. State, county and town taxes have increased frone- $4,843,575 60 in 1847 to $15,166,309 62 in 1857. Better devise the way of stopping this rapid increase than to be conutantly accelerating it. *•—The"personalities"hathelastnumberofTh* Louixville Journal are unusually numerous. T o s a y tbat they aro usually good is to highly praise them. PrcDticesays: ." iize and•**interests of the city, but are, likewise, en- to secure John Brown the fullest; and fairest trialm a r ' n e . , . . . . . Mr. THOMSON (Dem., N. J.) presented a petitioncentralizeall thegovernmental*• are perfectly able I to prepare for their cus- *' tonaers.'*- —This is a new line of business for Mr. Weed. It is true he -has long been engaged ia slaughtering and flaying political jackasses, and has even turned h?s hand with some effect to an occasional mad dog or so, but w© are curious to see how he willfees, of which Mr. Chilton of Washingtonreceived one thousand, and Mr. Green of Richmondthree hundred dollars. This money was refundedby the voluntary contributions of various gentlemen,when they became informed of his interference, andwho approved its purpose and accomplishment. 2,0CO extra copieB., execution of printing as any person who fives on thisget along in mere ordinary butchering.«s it is notorious from The Express and The Herald •that he does not only aH the mischief in the world, .©at pretty much everything eh»e, we shall expect tothat a sufficient number be printed to furnish one copy to each patentee.Mr. SIMMONS (Rep. ,*R. I.) moved to refer the mat- ter to the Committee on Patents.Mr. Clay (Dem., Ala.)—Gentlemen on the other side keep up the discussion to prevent the passage of the resolution till the election of a Printer by the House sofax) would be the la3t man to make a charge without facts to prove it.Mr. SHERMAN modified his motion by adding that the House now proceed to the election of a Printer of the XXXV Ith Congress, with the proviso that the House retain the right to modify the existing law as they may see proper—-the Printer receiving the ap-I illhear from these journals of his makisg millions in this new entcrpri*e. W e dare say it will prove the ** most profitable; thing he has undertaken since hewent out of the Blave-trade.—Mr.HenryC.VaflwillIsctnxeon<!LaniDrainags gad other Farm and GartU-n Improvements," at Boil- ing Sparing, N. J., on Friday ovenirg; Feb. 10. We s i s glad to see an increasmg interest in these sabjects.•• mthat the work may be done by him. "He hoped the pointment on the condition thus set forth; aud that aHowever,—Mayor Wood returned yesterday from b/ia joar- long'since heard that Brown and many other peoplethe pessJon. Senators on that eide contradict their follows:f-peeches by their votes. They are determined to defer Way*. i'r-J-Moan:—MCWM. Sherman, Daviu of Md., Pl|elp«, Daniel T. Jones of Onondaga; Vice-President. Ed- be our plan of operations and then sets forth his own,Steven*,. Wusftbuni of Mw., Millbon, Aloixill, Craw/ord aud ward H. Parker of Dutchees; Secretary, Sylvester D.the publication till the election of a Printer. The Sen- £psnlcliag. and finally suggests that both may fall. If they do»<r*jMj.to.tho Syracuse Hard Convention, and repairedimmediately to his home ©n Blwnungdala road.were convinced that the Potawatamie affair wasone of imperative necessity, as a measure of self-defeme. Having never been ia Kansas, he couldnot speak of personal knowledge. The Committeeinquired if Mr. Andrews would have felt, a sympa-thy for Brown on account of his services to theFree-State cause, if he had known that Brownwent to Kansas to train himself and others, andorganize a settled plan of violence to invade theSlave States. Mr. Andrews replied, certainly notHis convictions were Anti-Slavery, but he was opposed to their propagation by violence and arms.Reason and intelligence were the only weapons hedesired to employ. As a Republican he felt greatcause to complain of the Harper's Ferry affair asmost unfortunate and unjustifiable, from any pointof view in which he could regard it. But, sincehis opinions were asked,.he would give themCotnmcrcr.—Messrs."Washburn©ofHI.,Wade,JohuCochrane, WillardofAlbany;Treasurer.JohuV.P.Qunoken- itwillbebutaverificationofwhatBurnssayiI: !—The London Examiner sajs that Mr.. Bayard Taylor is " a clever, cheerful man, who hai run over «roeh of the BUXUM of the globe, and written many i • .wfeW* books of travel. He isa gossipwho never ex- «eed*U»boundsofuiacxetion;helikesmushtoseelions, whether in the flesh or w hether built ol stone, bat he has left in no country a man who has reason to be worrytv" An ingenious Eastern artist thinks he has got up a pair of scales that wilk weigh tho fiftieth part ofa> The Democratic Convention for the Vth District as- praip. W e wonder if they will weigh Mr, XXwghis'ai.lor attention shown to him." *ton, Sttivem-on, Oartrell, Straiten and McKnight.• Claimt-Mtsma. Tappan, Hoard, McClernand, Ely, Moore, ofAlanama, Walton, Maynard, Hale and Hutchtns..FvhJ'c •!-««"'«—Mewtrs. Thayer, Lovojoy. Cobb, Covode, Da-votes. The following brief reaolution was adopted us a tubstitute for a reported series particularly indorsing the Administration in all ita moiwuresv •J f e s W , That w . indorse tho ClnctanaU *£^&ffi£* tions of the Maine State Convention of lSW, and tho Admlnistra-difficulty of a Camel's going through the eye of a T,eedle wan spokco of, the breed of Cam'els must have been vastly larger than that which now seems to near* ish in Alabama." W e have been requested to advocate Mr. Batee's election to the Pregidcnoy. W e must "knovr morti about him first. We can't swallow Baits till we see whcihcr wo shonld thereby get a hook in oursuouth*.i \ .ik beautiful picture, representing Beatrice Cenci invit, of Indiana, Trimble, Vandever, Windsor and Borrott.prison, by E. Bernnger, a pupil pi Paul Delaroche, at tracts much attention at Schaos's Gallery, in Broed-Wreck of the Eliza Grieve.PoaTLAXn, Thursday, Feb. 9, 1*60. The brig EHsa Grieve, Capt. Joan Brooking, of 3?ewfowHUasd, with a cargo of pork, floor, and to- beeee* eapdxed about 150 miles from Cape Knee, Jan. 25, and, rfohtinir, drifted a wreck until tbe following Monday, 29th, when the em # were taken off by the steamer North Briton, 60 miles south-east of Sable - Islsaod. Tbe crew consisted of ten men, of whom tbelepoi ted to the Senate.Mr. GREEN (Dem., Mo.) opposed the amendmenihat Cper cent interest should be received by the con» » •fyJ8«« o«<* PoBt-itoadt—Metmra. Colfax, Woodruff, Eng. Missouri, Helmiok and Leo. ,jDittrict of Colitmbio^~Messrs. Carter. Kilgore, Burnett, Kico, Oarn^tt, Conkling, Pryor, Edgerton, and Anderson of Kentucky. Ja Kcvolutivnary Claim*—Messrs. Briggs, Ferry, Cox, Vance,tion of Mr. Buchanan.^* Oft*^ ,f t a d <ha steward, •^4ef^aod.for daniag<H.AUlUia—MoaK».Tompkins,Irvine,Jsoidas,Webstw,Searies, Court,shothimseU today,anddiddInatanUy. Rraln, WelJs, X'ockjw, and Simms,swallowedalready/'.'•••-•.•. , - J,^ . mi! sn#9% **•*> «tai# %9BichaidCarter, were:' | as/Ifbeing excited by unfounded apprehensions. H e confessed, too, sympathy for a man whom he be- lieved the victim of an idea, and whose misfortune had probably been precipitated by what his family and lriend8 had seen and suffered at the hands ofthe Slave Power in Kansas. He had entertainedMr. Mitchell lost and Mr. DefreeB gained. It is felt gine into. He wanted to know how they wore con- stituted, and was aware of no reason why they shouldthat this would not have been so if things had been not be announced in advance of the election. Hevotes.Tlie Moil. Henry Winter ©avis.BAT.TTMORK, Thursday, Feb. 9, 1860. In the Maryland Hou«e of Delegates to-day, resolu-forward in the petitions put in circulation, is to equalize the salaries of the several Judges. Now tho Legiela- ture of last year might better have repealed the law raising salaries. <Many contributed, who were less Anti-Slavery than himself, but who thought the excitement would be quieted by a proper defense. No concealment wasobserved or desired, in the whole matter. Committee inquired Mr. Andrews's opinion concern- ing John Brown's conduct in Kansas, and the transactions attributed to him/ particularly horse-stealing, and the Potawatamie homicides.Mr. Andrews answered, he had always under- stood that in the conflicts between the Free and Slave-Stateparties,thehorseswereregardedas the spoils of war, and he was not aware that Brown formed any exception. H e had no belief, from in- formation which had reached him, that Brown was prf sent at the Potawatamie homicides; but he hadcontinent. The gentleman from Ohio said he wasI •-;he considered John Brown and Harper's Ferry as the fruit native to the tree which the Slave Power had planted; that in view of the aggro-get the interest. It was too small a business for tae innate lo enjdra#e in.Agriculture—Mcssm Butterlleld, Carey, Whiteley, Stewart (I enn.), Wright, Brlatow, Aldrich. Burolu and Grow.Suicide in Baltimore.The'.;<?;,A A •m %w •had a clear majority of 10 or 15 of the members inlusis support. In 1856 the Republican cancus nominated jthe gentleman from Ohio (Follett) for Printer, bat thethebilL Among those present in t le city urging the Thirty-six Juetices and Judges, with salaries of s>%M0>«The Norfolk Herald rebukes one of} its Southern out time for preparation, without opportunity of byscd on the fact that at the previous caucus Mil-chell Whatever obligation reeted on party men rested at The vote in the executive eession <;>f the Senate last other acts of extreme liberality, raised the salaries ofproperly examined, and while prostrated on his bedand unable to sit up and instruct counsel, if he hadany, the whole proceeding struck his mind,. andthat of most people whom he met, as a judicialoutrage, certainly without any parallel, in thehistory of Massachusetts. He supposed Vir of a majority, over Mr. Defrees and' the scattering executing the work. He believed that the time for inia was strong enough te conduct such votes. Further remarkable demonstrations were made ai election had not yet come. He had a curiosity to a case with justice and propriety, and without at this point, which need not be specified, and at the end see the Standing Committees before the election wasFor Confirmation : {Messrs. Mcteod Murphy, Koliy and Connelly, Democrats, and Abel, Fony, Closs, Kotcham,Lap- ham; Munroo; Montgomciy, V. H. Murphy, Richmond, Robert- son.Warner,WilliamsandHUlhonse,Bepujlicnus—IB.port of Mr. Mitchell, and it was thus understood thatthisclosed the contest in Mr.Mitchell'sfavor. Batunusual efforts were made at the caucus, and at theclose of the firet ballot) to the astonishment of every-body, it was found taat Mr. Mitchell lacked one vote proposed now to put in nomination a gentleman, not aAgaintt Confirmation: ]V!es>rs. Hpincla, Dawrenco, Blood, Magraw, Sosslons. Truman, Flero, Pro#ser,|Rotoh, Ramsay analeft to their natural course, and hence the existing ob- structions to the election in the House. Ibis to be hoped, however, that the difficulties in the case may be, in the end, harmoniously adjusted.XXXVITH CONGRESS. FIRST SESSION.SENATE WASHINGTON, Feb. 9, I860. The Senate met at one o'clock.hoped his colleague would consent to a postponement, eo that they might all see where this thing was to end.Mr. COLF AX (Rep., Ind.) said no person could have been more surprised than himself at tho uncalled-for and unprovoked attack of the gentleman' from Ohio. Nothing he had done to that gentleman, either in his pergonal orjpolitical association could have justified him in1 his allusions. But as the gentleman had seen fit to refer to what ho (Colfax) did in a previous Congress, in justification of what he (Mr. Stanton) inteaded to do now, he wished all the facta to be laid before.the House. Mr. Colfax then turned to the record of thetions were adopted condemning tbe couree of the Hon. To make the proposition appear plausible, and even Berry Winter Davis in voting for Mr. Pennington for economical, the Judges of the Court of Appeals areMr. LANE (Dem., Oregon) presented a petition m XXXIVth Congress to show that he repeatedly votedfavor of the Homestead bill. . Mr. 8UMNEK (Rep., Mass.) introduced a resolution irstructiDg tbe Committee on Commerce to inquirefor Mr. Follett. Finding it was morally and politically. impossible to elect him, ue voted for Mr. Defrees, after having learned that Mr. Follett declined being a can-into the expediency of further legislation for the pre- didate. He mentioned other circumstances in this con- vention of violence and crime on board our merchant nection, in*justification of his course, He ashed Mr.S t a n t o n i f h i s f a v o r i t e h a d b e e n t h e r e n o m i n a t e d h e would have spoken here as ho had to-day.in favor of the freedom of public lands. ,Mr. Fitch's (Dem., Ind.) resolution to print 10,000 arrangements to do the wrork himself; on his own ac-extra copies of the agricultural portion of the Patent- count and responsibility.Office report was taken up and adopted. Mr. COLFAX was understood to say that Mr. Stan- A resolution, offered by Mr. FITZP A TRICK, to ton's friend owned no office here.print 10,000 extra copies of the report of the Patent- Mr. STANTON replied he had contracted to haveOfnce on arts and manufactures, occasioned a debate and was voted down.work done on hiB own presges.Mr. COLFAX, resuming, said Mr. Defrees.has beenMr. DAVIS (Dem., Miss.) moved to reconsider. Carried.a practical.printer for thiity years, as well as publisher and editor, and is as well calculated to superintend thothen offered anamendment toprintMr. DA VISMr. WILSON (Rep., Mass.) offered an amendment much surprised at his political awjociatos, bat he (Col-The Senators on the other aide were alike.. Tho Houte again refused to second the demand for Mr.FITCHwishedtomakeastatement.Anim- thepreviousquestionby73against83.reported. This hostility was intended to allow the Senator's friends to settle their quarrels among them- selves, but they intended to keep it up tall the end ofNavs not counted.The Speaker announced the Standing Committees as" A fussy little editor, who occasionally professes to The following officers were elected: President, be of the Opposition, states what he understands to,:.;>„,',»HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES."Whoever should receive the office would not bePrinter be elected, and next elect a Chaplain. Then take Up. the President's Annnal Message, give it due consideration, and then go to work. Because certain gentlemen may not be provided for was no reason why they should delay the election of a Printer one moment. Let the House elect, somebody. He renewed the de- mand for the previous question. •Mr. STANTON replied that the postponement of the election of a Printer would not delay the Legislative businets of the Houee for a moment or a day. Could any gentleman indicate that it would 1 He opposed the election now, for the reason .that it is a matter of notoriety that the pay for the printing amounts to fromBoth memorials were referred to the Committee on Elections.Among the notices of intention to introduce bills are the following:• —printer, n»d who has no means under his control for.Hammond, Republicans. • . Jndges and membera of the Legislature. Whether that Lieut.-Goyerror Campbell cast the rejecting vote. Itis believed that, next week, at least four Republicans, helped the scheme or not, I do not say.voting against the confirmation, will change their The whele argument in favor of the increase putMr. STANTON replied that his Candidate had made'.,. :.:\-This w a s a grand corruption fund, to be used for partypurposes. However much gentlemen on the other sidemight etain their hands with it, he, for one, wished torepudiate it entirely. It was the duty of the House, of Members of Congress to $8 per day, and reduce andMty. and having no facilities to execute the work heniiight pocket the spoils. Ho .(Stanton) had talked onHe also pave notice Of his intention to introduce a cery, and devolved its powers upon the Supreme Court, bill to tinrpliiy and arrange the Revenue laws. Ad-atorfromAlabamawellsaidwhattheirmotivesaro, and Senators dare not deny it.Mr. SIMMONS had not alluded to the PrintingCommittee. When be brought a man for the job itwould be time enough to impute motives. He insisted low, Wilson, Curry, Sedgwick, .Hanht of Maryland, and on his motion. Schwartz.HAMLIN iRep., Me.), COLLAMER (Rep., Vt.), and Porter: men, wero elected delegates to the Cbar]e»ton Uoaveu- upon the earth to invent new epithets of abuse againsttractors in full of all claim for damages, and that th.£kson, Diifll. Dejarxiette, Holman and Fenton. Xvllbnger Somes, Hirdman, Wood, Clopton, and Fouke.«. Private Land Claim*—Messrs. Waihburn (Wis), Claik B. Cochrane, Avery, Kenyon, Hawkins, Hamilton, Anderson (Mo.), BoaJgny. and Blair. ,,." The editor of The Itttnoi* Mercury says,that w e ten o'clock to-morrow, to gave the counsel time "to have found its editor a ninny-hammer.Elliott, Szuith of N. C , Moorehead, Lamar, Nixon and Clemt»n». Military jijfairB.—MenBra. Stanton, Curtia, Bonliam, BuJlin-bush of Albany. Adjourned sine die. ...... ^n . —ab>ut the failure of ' tho best laid scheme of men OTUL mire.'.ton( Olin, MCJ» ae, Pendleton, Longnecker and Ooteler.AaroZ Affair*.—Mewxa. Morse of Wo., Bocock, Pottle, Wins-Maine Politics.Tbe motion to refer to the Committee on Patents , T«rritor/«.—Moscrs. Grow, Perry, Smith of Virginia. Gooch, sembled here to-day, and after an earnest contest chance for the Presidency.w a s lost. v\ uldtron, Clark of Misuouri. Ca*e, VuUundigham and Auhloy. Henry A. Wyman of Skowhegan and Chas. D. Jameson "There is a small Locofoco edttor in AlabamaJudiciary.—JMefurs. Hickman, Bingham, Houston, Taylor,The subject was debated at length by Messrs. I<.*>lf!Qn(KellojgofIllinois,Iteynolds.ltobinsonofBhodeInland, ofOldtown,tbecandidatesoithePopularSovereignty namedCampbell,whoseems to think it his missionDAVIS,FITCH,andotters.The amendment to furnish one copy to each patenteewaE agreed to.Mr. DA VIS'S amendment was adopted, and the resOnElectionv—Metzr*.Gflwcr,Davis,Campbell,Boyce;Mors- tionbyavoterespectivelyof128and119outof138 theOppositionparty. Wben,inth*oldentime,the.olution was adopted by Yeas 34, Nays 24. :.The Post Office-Deficiency bill was taken up, and Mab, AdarnB, of Kentucky, Alley, Davis of Mississippi, Craig ofcontractors only thould receive the interest. Six pe i-i,,, *'Ezpen-diturtt—tleatn.- Hashln, Palmer, Eclmondson, The testimony for the defense in the case as Hazlett have found his paper *.a ixip-hamm'er.' No, but weeluding him from receiving, becau*e many bad bougUt Mnnvfacmrft—4/Itmn. Adams (Mms ), Scranlon, McQueen, to the onviction of the prisoner, as the testimony giv- Perhaps the first sober thought may, bring him t efrankly. Intending no disrespect to anybody, certificates with the understanding that they sboulU Leske, Moore (Ky,), French, Dunn, lttgga, and MoKosn.en this meting w;as unfavorable to tho defense.his. The experiment doest seem over U>have beaa made. "*• % ^v""-'-'Indian Affair*—M*sKrn. Ethoridee, Burroughs, Woodson, - Mr, HUNTER (Pern., VH.) said the contractors Farnsworth, Clark (N. Y.), Scott, L-iach (Mich.), Edwards,and" T h e editor of The Elizabethtemvltomoer** o a w a ^ BALTiMORX, Thursday, Feb. 9,1860. . upon politicians of all parties to <awaUew their PfV*;could decliae to receive the interest and file a claim AJorJi-h. . 'i.^EdwaraDowliag, a former Clerk of the Sopreme dices/ They had bettor throw «* &$*• W£f **R^SBl• * * " • * * " • " • '• — " *• •••Untitled Document• m>••••www.fultonhistory.comRevival and Urjinithed Bvtir.ein—Mex«rs. Logan, Jones, How- Accovnlt—Meaun. Spinner, Kunklo, Blake, Graham, andAllen.":" "• Mt'W^MeattH/ Axhmore,•••••VaaWyek, Loomls, Hardomar^ .Mr. HHAGAN (Dem.y Texas) was excused fro21 . j.;/.. -a >>,-,. -i * i ~ ••.•:)£. ±i£'ti*i MMserving on the Committee en Kevolutionary Pensions,Mr. HAMIL TON (Dem., Texaa), the colleague of nate d in the center building, which was deetroyod. Mr. Beagan, was aleo excused from serving oa the Both wings, which contained rnacbjnery whiob, coatpassage of the bill are Mr. Hart, agent of the Penn-Jf he wished to employ a mechanic, a carpeiitor, hewjould employ OT;O who. was here; he would neverbribghimfroma distant-portionof the Confederacy,with a distinct knowledge that the work was to befarmed out and used for political party purposes. Thoy Gardiner. Calviu acd Giant, Democrats,' and Bell, Manierre. when they took office. Relationships existed betweenBANGOR, Me.. Thursday, Feb. 9, 1860.The Trial ofttazlett.ill.ifIjll fill-f i l lt M I i111Iff ill I: '•'..V•'.'•Alonzo Crosby of Albany. O SwrthwL*-r. ..?< ^w rvm$" A Locofoco editor. in Tennessee thinks that_a-••$133,000'•'.} Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 