 .,\; d^ t ^3,4:^<Tl»<.K-^IfO.9847. FftOM WASHINGTON.•t* •ij-fc^irfv'MM—i—Wedae»dar>Hueh14. ,ee fcmalee en paasengeciorganization,ter toIn all stances, even aga&stunder allcircum-but in a a majority was absolute, save as Territorytoan iie will to enforce toemNo other business of any importance war———«— ,times.combination of great interests, against all compro- ment might l>ecome despotic and anarchical, andiever,to a term of toree his motion*years,Assembly, appeared.",he said,I shalloppose places,Its extension atheads of an engraver.Mr. McQfxsN desireu to offer an amendment, and the subject was passed over..-iccomplished In one event they were to belUliedto hisotherwise have been. 1 believe the whole programmeI-TenEyck, wlto a capital c.Iwhich ihey heldgal.county, like Cuba or Brazil, could pass with impunityYeas—Messrs. Abell, Blood. Calvin, Connolly. Gardi-.decide what shall and [what shall not i>e property,union as well as Slavery. Mr.ICiLunoxEcondsmaedtoeaShlraHui^j^NckWithout any reason being asfigned the Hotise were senght to apply It. In Nebraska, Iowa Kans>B.andPlatform itself could be tortured toto a reUngnisfament roads aad avenoee, $10,00*. Appropili£aui«tS«ata Ito twelve.The Military Academy bill was taken no.Tke pending amendmeat of Ur. Hau, to reduce check>the one regular Amy byregimentof moantedno Southern vessels areengaged:But this doctrineareaatoorliedbylkeaet Tka.CoWof CoDSreM to-day were with- ««|!il^ qpMial Mncft Comainloner GBinnroosdefence shall have t)«en raised, was defeated. Mr. Jons' amendment was rejected. revlsable. A single act of Congress could sweep out ery by Ignortog it and retusmg to afford It any acUoes to which the eorpoiatSiai' Is a ^ Mr. WiarAu'B amendment,making an appropriation Mr. Matsasd, of Tennesse, (Am.) oflered an of existence their whole territorial code. Thus liinlted protection ; reUnquishlng the dufles of toe Govern- dared null and void, xinlc se coBdnIamendment, which was agreed to, appropriatingwltohis consentMtttlMlwyeUey afafrOoTOnoxat ; also, to ad- ( tte )«>• aiMnmt of IsdcBnlty claimedamend by adding a new sectioD, that the regiment of up.mounted volunteers provided forby the act of April 7, SPIICH or HON. JABSZ L. If. UUIST.legeideaMtfii, it beeoaea a fiu£a or absolute aoveielgn-ty, investod with the Indefeasible title of self-govern the meat, and, according to the moet prominent advocato ot this new dogma, a Territory may, by non-aetton orto be returned to tbe toe slaveholder must master,'Brooklyn Land and Improvement Cmnaar. corporstes Calvin Burr, John Barter, ti. T. ] R. J. Hubbard, Thomas G. Tallmadn, T,Hm bulk of whlcb the Commit-Mr. Coaar, of Alabama, (Dem.,) addresaedhave an army and navy to guard bis coast and fron-tke looie.now aikcd to vote t40,IX10 more. But the Slave-traoe probablybythe Souto oftoe right of protecUon. TbeSoathheld cleantog and making and repairing roads astte u-Hm '•w-Tork Tim**.to Yankee energy and cupidity. It ceu-'d cardinal doctilnes. Formerly, Tenltorial Govern- would abstain from bcstile acts towald Slavery or for a term hot ezoMdtng tn yeaia, widA ^ ' '~ITactic RaSraad Coamittee, In theeonevr, orglBg that aach a bill woold IgnoreTBB TiraH TOLimmBB.1 the Military Academy bill, withThe amendment was rejected. Yeas 13, Nays 33. Its chief production was" "—king bnlldlag North- of pupular sovereignty, it was supported in the SouthprinciplesL'a, aa reported back and paned, appropriateslanguagematter of too prodigious consequence to be iUttoD of that batborious tyrant who fed bis prisoners ple^ NOTES FROM THE STATB CAFITkX:r nepceta are Teiy similar.nunxcmur or nuAiM uniis&urrs.ment was reconsidered for the purpose of taking the does so abtmdanlly, to the interests of clvllzation then let down an empty cup and suffered them to die terms to be laid aade when the occasion passes away. ll:istoe House adjourned.Tke Senate alao paned the House bill for protect-Yeas and Nays on it.It was then adopted bv Yeas, 37 ; Nays, 19. The bill was then passed by the following vote ;and humanity. The South reasoaably demanded iis extension and protection, and were sensitive to the threat to surround It with a cordon of free territoryof thirst. A territorial was a provisional Government, tomporary in character, and It was idle to pretend that it could usurp authority not conferred by the actIn conclusion, he would repel wlto scorn the impnto- tion made by Senator Douslas at Chicago, and by many others at toe Noito, toat the Administration, and tbe Democratic Party, in supporting toe application ofTBS GBIDIKOH ALBAKT AX» DOHX rOK:r<-TH>TM«kiII,UwiUbe reaeabcred, was loudly caUed in ky palttieBi from New-York.ISAITDS .LHD COKSUFTION.superabundant population supposed analogy ingTto Ceaadttee of Expenditures on Public Build-—41. only one Northern man voting against It, BrlBih theory, theALBAirr, Wednesday,MaickM,lefCapts. Roberts and Ord; Llents. MoIinard> Indians.strong.all toe steaks (stakes, he means,) that wan pat toof Judge DocsLU at Charleston. He de-to divideall inducements,mises." Aad the Republican Party, to-day so power-bv the Federal compacts. There Govern- commit outrages shocking to moral sen*:e and revolt-•d, kot coateads that Douglas has not only been con- The House passed a bill to repeal the third section at, bnt is the only arailable candidate for the of the Act of 1738 to increase and regulate the termsful and so well disciplined,harmonizes in its solelying to public decency.A doctrine to such a leadingeduntil the special order was aanounead, toe bin to aid toe Albany and Sosqnehsani Company, by a gift of about a milUon of doUa(a< Tae remainder of the morning session was oeeaetad tomeay of respect for his high military services.On the bottom is to be engraved, by order of As- by what authorityand, a;* he thought. ucanswerable logic. twelve years, had denounreii this doct.-iue or theory a The doctrine of Congres.'iionai exclusion was tersely of Popular or Sqiiatter Sovereign'y. as applied to the aad frankly expressed In the Platform of the Repub- Territories. Wnatever course othere might take,nasw Jacxsoit, Jr., the followingThi Hsehitasi,was a fixed, which the great gulfmoralng Several amenlments were made as suggested toe Senate, where frequent dispatohes were bungTennessee, Wednesday, Aug. 17, 18J8.geCnoinusvention could neverof ihe American BibleI Beqocathedby Uajor-Gen. AnDaxvr jACK9on to that Mtviot of New- York City who, shonld our happy couo- ^7 B»t be blessed with peace, shall be adjuds^ed by his eeaiitrymen to have t)eeD the most distinguisned ia de-mended by the Presidentalso, to report whetheron thepartposltlcn.1 have been honored wlto a huadred in-III foiradanewRepublicanpaper.of thfe Committee onexcep- Cities and Villages, reported against the Seaate Sev- What ajJmosity have you to the Saanary1 be carried to San Francisco for a t ^dollui saanally, Instead of a million fourof one of Che territories,lieve bytlien that there was lurking under Imagined a su-tion. He the ol Jobhua R. GtBDincs, quoted opinionsas expressed in his resolution in the celebrated Cre-:82NATE.WagsmsMB, Tuesday, March 14.lb. Tnr ErCX, oiapetltiom of lOS citliens of New-York and New- FurtherJersey, prayhig for the passage of the Homestead bill. tion of the morning hour.in the Territory under tha laws thereof. The agreeing with the reporting 73 18.Mr. of Fosna,Union. In this clause, territory oroU,«rproperty was the surije«:t cf grants. The power given be held In a Territory, and it was superfluous to tilk Mr. OovzE then m'.ned tlie'conslderation votC; twahrodilley, I do I send forsitncoenrelyh,undred doUais;New-Jersey, (Bep.,) presentednew Slave were interrupted by the expira- thus concunlng In tne recommerdallonstates, of thewas the first intelligence of a Democratic Conventionhe voted he was unwilling to see so important aConnecticut, (Rep.,) presentedgentle- On motion of Mr. Sbieuak, of Ohio, (Rep.,) a reso-my measure my toteren mpetition veryaad others of Hartford, Windsor, New-Haven, Nor-numerously signed byrespect-dcoate to ten infi the public property. The most siinple analysts ci tions. Under this doctrine of the llllnots Democracytoe heirt, you previous quesUon.wich, Wlusted, New-London, and otherMr. Clav, of Alabama, (Dem.,) from theCommitteethat ItJudge's strong Anti-Siareiy predUictions,The following bills were reported favorablyflSk Commerce, rejiorletl a bill BayinFloridaaportofdelivery.PasseJ.appeal to good men, reaching mto everyMr.WiLsos,of M-issachusetts, Committee on Mlllliry Affairs, reported a relief of T. W. Lasdik.lii.1'.House to bphold the lawof Slaverv fromson.Sept. 3, 17b3, byJay and A»AUB, which treaty recognized propertyregulation;to control votes torfisiricl. so that in school Vf»JOBMr. BAiABD,ofDelaware, (Dem.,) reported a bli;tenltoryor asother toproperty, applied the uninhabitedaswas reKJ^-i for fifty dollars. «-^° downto amend the act the regnlaUng. Mr.McRiE.ofMISEissippi,(Dem.,)States From thisthe'RepubUcan Party.this emnection,retard the Supreme Court as the ultimatetoe votesonotoersubjects. Legislature by promisingbill was taken up.at lengto aeatost the bill.man.carriage of passen- gers in steamships and other vessels, and asked ii<toThe Personal Mr. Callicottimmediatefnteet aa unprotected class ofit was submitted the Sec- bydisposerefer to the decisionthis of prolecuon recognition and guaranty••raed theandHe desired, however, in ijiJlirresistible security and support.decency WAni,tof Ohio, •••• tt*y wanted tomany slHvers were out.He did not admit that establish Slavery In a Ter- affirmaUve power of protec-of toeuntil the 7to of March."*f;„,V.M, M „'"'arbiter in a would tocor- in Ihls reinarks the of Mr. Madiso,,and Souto, and showmg how the biUs ''mi. H. Smith replied In a slirrmg speechfact. andIn favor ofJd^ep^a"ro"na the yWro""'conslderaUon, saying it was designed toreplied,ti.cy ofihe Treajuty in the general estimates.of the Court on thistdedie to interfere withand authority of the Itwoiid be Intoresting, also, to tracetonegromuch bound to protectBtlooafh^t'it\°.''d''io; "/ "nusual to include such an !S!J,H.«^^?2 .k""freedom and agitost maktog ws* <"f"«f»'llj"°'°: could make no law to abridge the freedom of The House reassembled at 4«rf Mr.ofMr.priations had beenof the public lands, because theBimd wasW g^'^iJJ'^ft' .i constituting T.i.n'there been fittedbeen show Jby iii^to provide against unsafe bnlldtogsto give the"^.'"S"(Rep.,) from ilie bill for ilicti.t:;Ud to use a sufficientThe House resolved into Committee of the Whole every foot of the public domain,Britain,signedatof the sale ofcorporate the New-Y'orkto In-? I'ray doand con- morality of the country.urgmgobservance of toe reqnfrementsas the duty of all cltl «ns of the United States,and others present petitions.'."^"''As referred to the SecreUrv of the Treas-were, m tion. The Constitution did not change the tiatut of State rebellion against toe Federal ConstitutionThat beIngM»(Rep.,)objected, be- .j^Jfc'AiAan replied, this would take no time. He i,„V,l" o'^?^'persons,clusion was that Goverr.ment vvas boundof the ConstituUon Northnews by the steamer Ifortk^,""^^„3poneapetiUons, but if this withdraw the motion. being persisted in, the blU was.notsomrNinheroHlTe'i!"-""*"*""">definlne the pos Uon, power,slaves in a Territory'tdlieassion he .would •CaroUna, (Dem.,)maintainedp?^lourt.S; analogy between this RepubUcaa doctrineas any other property gress could exercise onlyon the highseas. powerCon- in thisNew.-iork o'clock.a slave-Fbofobxi) Aibialmeettog of toe Boston were day afternoon, pfoposltior,s aeronants,WiBE,of ^^"^^'^JfTStajh, of Troy, offeringtoe cityTopeJlf fOu'^jirt^iSrFissiatuB, and regulate thereferred to repeatedlymade,^ . *el^«»l«(n>teoedtoaar efiviBttff •kOI, estahlUhlng the pay of «ach gnde ef eOant, fm aanam, la dollars andMaine, (Rep.,) payoftheNavy, d*»IIIH»«*l>*«fr«keseaser»lceandpayofpur- «'P»'»e'>n'°i'«««d to the Committee •a Vw/rUmUtf'r'tti^^neHou to Inqolre into theShmhajMr. JoxM, of Georgia,speech or of the Press, but It conid make lawi to pro- ""'HR'^.T^'IPTJ: tectthosec^nstiiutlonslri^Uofthecittzea. Here-toe InstiluUon of toepre-•mtatfc»J«wr.^be a^p^p'li^e^dV^for inctke sentiment of whichwastakenfromthespeech off^^ good.>meclianicalthe CharlestonThe true wasovero.ftransmitted, as one or another Senator defined hisfor a ofleglmeat mounted volunteersfor Uie defenceIt anst necessarily confcsm to the laws of its being, for the survey of the boundary aad neither by direction nor indirection, could itment and abandoidng toe of Stotes in the equalityof the frontier of Texas, was adopted.Mr. Foininiii moved an amendment fixing thecompletingbetw een the British posseasionE and Washington Ter-confederacy. Thus non-toterventlon meant aggres-The Ckimptroller Is directed to iB pagrMr. WiorALL, of Texas, (Dem.,) suggested that Mr.Hals had better amend his amendment, so as to make scarcely speechelf-goremment existing in every commonlty, andfrom the Kansas bill, as Indorsed by the Clncin-aatl platform. To the first derivation of power, paid by Government for the snpport of ito dzens. He per and Henryretary ofthe Interior for copies of all correspondence InrelationtotheallegedfraudsontheMenomeneeposterity posterity would thing forhlm. To keep Slavery circumscribedCongresssees toat this Giidlron was but a poorParty —recastfromoldscrap-iron,andcooledattogaftCgtooA horrible joker saga Outsuspect toere is more trjito toan joke to that leessik Mr. RoBmBoa, from toe Committee of the Jodklaiy, reported adversely on toe bill to increase Ike time withto which todictments may be foim^. na aaowIIAfrican Slave-tradeafijmied therightto carryMr. HicuiAii reportedbillPennsylvaniaagainstallrestrainedpreviousiybeloux to a more heaiii-.y ortr-oiizatlOiis:?tes were true¥•:iwrTTCV*«!"»p!'.j^-.f*1?c.-^.f»T'.r'._Si,y^- s-l^i,,"-*.,.'-. U-*-moreFsB. S3. 1819.—Preserted by the Major, Aldermen and Mr. nioEMiS, from the Judiciary Committee, re- stealthy prt<cess of territori,\l tci.'un. lie would ta'ce, A.ab'ima had sriokeru Near-y every politicalin the other by theCwemonalty of the City of New-York, to Maj.-Geo. As- po;tcd a fieries of rcsolnlions which were pa.«se<t, di- endeavor to lest both pro.->o5ition«^ by sound Convention of alt partirs in that Stare, forthe lastwin be fixed :.t the next meettog of toe Committee, and toat a report will be made on Friday.The Toll bill was toe special order ia toe Senate to-day. It was toterrupted oy toe Executive session, and resumed after toe doots were opened. Do you know that an immense speculation Is pending on toewordsby the Congressional garolie,:aaaw Jacxsoh, with the freedom of the City, aa a teati- recting that the Committee make imiuiry and rep inSENATE.ALBAHT. Wednesday, March 14.any, andwhat furtherthe territories, his slave can him accompanyisto secure a prompt, faithful and efficient execution ofwas contained in thegrantsof the Constitution, audit was necessaryand neliher Congress nor the Territorial Legislature hadifso,legislationnecessarypowerthis Governmentpossesses;;prohibit Slavery in theTerritories. all the Now,principleIntoquiries this week, mostly from persons I never kaaw,last week I expressed the the asking why optnlOBlkatToll bill would pass. They want all sorts of an- swers-some at lengto by letter, some to bilaf br telegraph, and from some I have most Ingealooa aad intricate cy phers, wliich I am requested to use torenlies. Not time to make transmitting ohfatvhteosge havetime a defaulter.Mr. HicKiiAic reported a bill to authorize the Dis- clause. Mr. Bxireoir, however, who reviewed thewhether he has been at anyable argument he confined himself wholly to thattheir slaves was uncerfain and Ille-A citizen of a Soutoem State, or a alaveholding ner, Grant. Hillhouse, Kelly. Lawrence, Manierre, J.M,trict Judges of the United States to go out of their d4<tricts in certain cases. Referred to the Commit-Murphy, Botch,h'AYii— Messrs, Bell, Fiero, Goss, Hammond. Ketchum,Prosser, hamsey, Sichmond, Warner—IJ.Mr. SiBBioiiB moved to limit toe operation of toeAyetee of the Whole on the Stateof the Union.Mr. Dciix, of New-York, (Rep.,) introduced a joint resolution, which was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, giving a construction to the second section of the act of February, 1858, "to con-that the Territories, as common property, assimilate to other property as landSenate Committee yesterday aftemooa, irkaa Parxwasunderconslderatton. Mr.ComuaaiCcETiB, as the distinguished gentleman from tinue half-pay to certain widows and orphans," so as gress over the Territories is derived fromcarry his property Into a Territory of the United States, and have ft protected theie. This had been controvertedbyNorthernmen,butothershadrecog- nized ttie principle. It had been statedto give pensions to all widows therein provided for iromthe4thofMarch,1S18,withoutreierenceto the time of marriage.clause giving Congress the powerneedful rules and regulations respecting the Terrlto- rien or other property of the United Slates. Thisflie KUimutl Era wUl also be discontinued aftera«^w««k,fbT want of (officient patronage. An effontrfUka.Wle to natta tke (ohaeriptloD lists of the two, Mr. Niison, of Tennessee (Am.,) from the Judi- clause was adopted in the CjnrenSion, without de- on that floor, over and over again, thatASSEMBLY.Albakt. Wednesday, March 14.1 Hulleoae Post-office Committee t>elleve a dailyclary Committee, reported blll, the substanceof bfaotre,anthdeantetcheessditeimeasnodfoafnthexShoautsht.edItL-weaasurcyalalned there never was any law authorizing the Mr.Basustensosmtewnot altawtsh—emsoamgeree abothuitnganytbmg.which is that:H'A<r«a», Polygamy is longbt to be justified as a re-by Introduction of Slavery into theBritishroKD,from amajorityMr, iviIICiM moved that the bill be put on Its pa(- launcu out Upon Ihe ».ke, being Instructed to do so by the Committee. discretion, determiningorder forout of order.a as Mr. Hou9i,.s saw no use to print them,into thenot time for consideration.for IiB introduction, tiien Slave property could ol the it wltomanufacturers men teemed disposed to gag the bill through.now most andlution was adopted limiting general minutes on the Consular and Diplomatic bill.of toismotion was lo finally kill toe bill but you will please not tothis tributo to a pubUc benefacsthorul,dbysum wnicn"b^^.f A""htion of for the suppression of the African blave- $4<I,GC0and alsotrad*. If it was for the purpose of executing the ex-ptooern his statue wouldj ldcompreheuaivweere correct,grifanCtoendgress possessed til.» been made to violate the law in Georgia, and unlimited and thereby substantive auihoni)isting law, the amoMnt Is Inadequate. AttempU hadvessels constructionwas out of the record and was induced by tacas liar,stUM?"f itfand ancient resemblance or analogyNEW-YORK,THURSDAY,MARCH15. 1860." '" ti ^--j-- PRICETWOcentr, w<.(h an Increase at stated periods, up to twenty the suppression of the African slave trade, or the ed- reeent birth. It was variously explained and limited, refuse It was to deny her equality in the pany : to tax non-resident veaden at Isinnetnnes not without confusion of Ideas—yet Its Republic, and fail to fulfil one of toe great pur- New-\ ork and Brooklyn,ucation and ol captured Africans. jeari of service. supportof hasnegroes. that this WartofurnishtheSenatevi^thallplans,esdmates ill.Joxisreplied,itwassostatedinaformermes- opinionIf, like some newly-discovered poses for which the GnverBmest was inititDtod. i..,P*,'^i''''^''"''' German Lddoiinnimodeofexclusionwasad- CincinnatiPlatform. Hemightsaygranted,aad Mr.TocxxareportedtheNew-YorkA__flteadtOn motion of Mr. Lathau, of California, (Dem.,) that the Government provides for the education of qnack nedlclne. It were a universal catholicon forthe It had been urged that this clain Interfered witii the bill relating to certain assessments in iipokea resolution was adopted, requesting the Secretary of ills the body politic is heir to. It was an erroneous doctrine of non-intervention as proclaimed in the ordered to a tolrd reading.Mr. RiAOAi), of Texas, (Dem.,) dl3 not understandAndBgttae a.;If Ir. Cnny, of daily honrof meeUng was changed from one o'clock Slave-trade, and this costs nearly a milliee anaoally. pracUeally applied that the Republicans had not relation to Kansas and Nebraska or In the Cincinnati 000. Sums stthatnoted : Lands and plaoaKiiljtaB''and reports relating to the construction of new bar- racks lor troops at the Presidio of Saa Francisco.sage of the Presldenk „ Mr. BAaiSDAia, of Mississippi, (DemTocated solely by a vrlng of the Democrttlc Partywhattheni But it was not true, and the application of toe doctrines of that platform as applicable to toe Territory demonstrated, without further argument, isfor Cltyporposes. The following amouati IPolice Telegraph, tO.OOO000, .J ,. .,.,) said, by the eighth article of the Ashburton Treaty we are re-at thetheoryNoofrthe, because, wnatever might be the paper Republican Party, there had been forclea&ic tmbUe ICoentles Reef,On motion of Mr. Hamlut. of Maine, (Rep.,) the quired to keep a squadron to suppress the African twenty years no instance where the mode could be bad logic. Not a line in toe legislation of ISM. to FoUce, t3,000 tao.oao.other Northern SStes. he understood toowas not suppref!ed,and never woald be.tlQ there was a that the Repnbllcans had lately made It one of their that aon-InterveDllon was a pledge toat Government ply to any contracts made by Ae comBoa OmhUgiven troops, be shoon thatIn the ments were creatures of Congress, limited in their doubtful legislation In that regard.whentheproposedvolnateerregimentsforTexas trade,butthatNorthernvesselsarefittedoutat powers,ashavingnosovereignty,whollysutwrdln- ofnon-toterventionwasheldbvsomeashallowdevice poratlonisempoweredtotake(oiac Northern ports and manned by Northern men. ate to Ike creative power by which their action was and really meant toat Government Was to kill Slav- ceedtogs on clainu agalaat the ooti»120,0<lOlaws of Its Federal creator.ana;<:l|p,««IM.ka*>n tke CaaaittM on ladlin Aibirt, term of study at West Point to four years, but subse- 'I'ory.<i'tli» HllijiinllMi tiwatiit tba eoBtinipUtod dunge quently vrlthdrew it. The bill was laid aside, and that making appropria- property only, if at all, until a Territorial Gortma- tneoctt the Stohueteolaguaninosfttouenfrsileanvdelhyoldlegrisfloartion, would Counsel.Mr. Haii, of New-Hampshire, (Rep.,) saoved to tion for the support of the Indian Department taken Beat lamaalxcd, when, by Knne becus paenicany redress to Mr. HcBBiu totrodooed a bill totbe pnq>eT trlbanals, the slaveholder most establish Nxisoii, of Feeksklll, referee for the i-_ trihanals that would. Ifthe Fugitive Slave law wasnot claims for damages by the fciniwr of tta.1&68, shall not be received Into the service of the Uni-ted States, if, in the opinion of Lieut.-Gen. Scott, oneof the mounted regiments row in the array, or so Committee on the Slavery question. It half been nnMendly legulatloa, ezelode Slavery. This power tiers. 11 the South was not eatltled to share to theCity Arsenal, and to extend toe vm' Act of lt59, for toe completion of said 1 Mr. DcBTiA totrodneed a Mil to tnmuch thereof as may be necessary, can be safely or- dered for the defence of Texas.traly laid that it is necessary for each generation to discuss anew the great problems of the world, andwas vsiloosly derived from the inherent powsr ofcommon property of the Union, and parUeipato in Its eommoB bencflts, it ought to be excepted from Texas and military connibQtion. Protectton was the pricehad been made or aa essay writtenl,taT« kad a meettnc and a general ezprenlon Gen. Scon commander of the army, instead of the upon the subject of Slavery, within the last ten years. he wonld only reply that It was in entire conM conceive of no disgrace more bitter, no degre- wlto liberty to increaM U to $l,Ne,«t, IaPresident. In which the opinions of the fathers of the Republic conslstoncy with the first great experiment of dation deeper than toe denial of their right of protec- toem toe power M piarchase laad, :.<^i»«B. Mr. Cuani, tke Ckaizman, farort, I mider- Mr. Halx—My humble opinion is, with the highest were not Introduced. But those opinions were, after I quatter sovereignty. The admission of California, tion, accompanied by a simnitaoeous demand for toe mortgage bolldtogs. It Is a buUdtagi 1 ilHli. a Nortkem aad a Southen nmte, to arold tlie respect for both the Lieutenant- General and the all. but speculations, and actual results afforded a under circum8tanceff,ln Ids humble judgment, was the means ef matotenance of the Government. As a der a new name.t «f aeetieBaUaas. Ha thinks thla propodtian President, that I should rather have the Lieutenant- safer standard of judgment. Besides, the times had SMtft palpable fraud ever perpetrated on a people loyal son of the Souto, he would beseech her not Mr. McOdaos totrodneed a liin to 1 General's opinion on military subjects than the Presi- changed since this not yet fairly tested experiment pretending to be free. To the second source of agato to commit the fatal mistake of } leldtog to party Jotot Stock Insurance Company toMI eaa enmhintnc the moet strength. Other Repub- dent's. of self-government was maiigurated. Then there power as derived from the Kansas bill, he replied, necessity what is essential to future safety, and not railroad accidents.Messrs, Davis, Wixbob and Hai.x discussed the were but 500, (WO slaves, and scarcely a pound o/ cotton if It were found there, the South was most miserably to concede any prtociple apparently abstract and im- Debate en toe Personal IMitxtf till waa Itttkmquestion of how many troops were now in Texas, and exported, wnile now there were 4,000,000 of slaves, daped la that famous measure for silencing agita- practical, which, in toe hands of her foes, map prove ttoued, aid progress reported. ' I Awge of iiert1<i««Hiin, so eonitantlr made by the necessity for more. .Mr. Wilbos thought it would and the cotton crop of last sesson sinounted to nearly tion. Whatever the |>urpoBe of the author, ana he apotentengtoeof destruction; I, was mid by Pitt The remainder of toe eveBtng »•— requite a most watchful care on the part of this Gov- 4,2MI,000 bales. African Slavery was now a greit says in his contribution to Hatycr, that it was to In toe debate on toe East India bill, that good somed to debate on toe Albaay ai^.,.^erDment to keep out of a war with Mexico. social, political, industrial and humanitarian fact remove everytliing from the way of the free exercisemay sleep, out bad ones never ; and when Railroad bill. Messra, Matoer, Goret. < bad principles are once estobllsbe^l, men are always WUey and Johnson spoke to nvor of 1;rely upon the third clause and In his elaborate and If piisirlve precept were necessary the tenure bywas to make needfulrules andregulationsabout Wiltrot provisos and Congressional prohibi-just had, and on teat calledjion soeraad un- amountwiththatview. avoidablethatCongressmustexcludepublishedofpeacebe- and ofNew-Yorktoeon the stale of the Union on the Consular and Diplo- n;alic bill.la of tna constitu-ar.yp. S.-Mr. SiWAEO,T„. STHA«ZR t^ F-"ON.-C««CTlOK^In_askedMr.Seaa- KAN en v.hai tlie appropriation of $40,000 for the sup-asksmetoputhisname 1 send his subscrlp'jun.prf jt on of the l^if- SiitEMinI"was based.clause<.:ongres8derivedit inlu the Tetrilories, and was anLiberty spokeSupreme •vin .McPai aslied wliethcr Mr. SBisHAa knew how subject, as beine conclusive, particularlyas agamsi unavoidable secuitur. Fromthe the con- premisesobedience to toe laws of toe Union and theP"»u(ned, bad some data'. remarked that Mr. 8bir«a!«to decision of aU political questions. Heritory. It had only theit Is obvious toat had not been postponed.oughthave gone out from poratovertlsed day,ap-the fact that such appro-strict. Boththeosles (Dem.,) offered a proviso, erty, and from the poweraa affirmativeM"jd15t"ha?t^Sth°e°'s^umtion of the law provIdDag for the rendlUon of fualtivenow to the second mode of excluding the South from the Territories, and prohibiting theextenslon i^Legis- was olDemocratic on thea Nortoem represeatatSre floor,that the South Is eatltled to pretectton in the States, la the Territories, and la ika wilderness whereduLestheauctlgMde^fBxookJym CabCom- Hayslaves. Therewssjustasmuchmoney Xor carrying out the fugitive slave law as l«tassumed oltheTerrit poweror June,captured in Ihe JBcAo,received fromand toc^r^o^ilS tttSew-yoikuiinfaithful execu-necessity for votinaSlaverythecumto'the same conclusion as Mr. Cca-Sessions and 14. Spinola—whenotheratjU* Aaysive actlbnbowever, the Territory was regarded as common vene to Blaveiy. If toe Government would not pro- to which an appeal is not oka. if tketranscend theRecently,againsttheSouto,dlscrlmtoation ad-ments heretofore recovered against tw C'^Mr. Lass, of Oregon, (Dem.,) renewed Mr. Fxssm- em workshops, driving Northern machinery, feeding as a safeguard against unfrienaiy legislation, by found to give toem effect. What was the Democrat- Messrs. Haskins, Richardson, Menltt aad : Dxit's amendment fixing the term of study at four Northern laborers, and clothing the entile popolatlqs. making legislation subject to the Constitutton, and ic Party for—the spoils and patronage ? or for prin- against It.•JtU MMdncad by Ifr. Bimpbill, in December years, and argued in Its favor. These resalts were wholly unanticipated by the good providuig an appeal to the Federal Courts in all cases ciple » To win a victory, bare, fruitless and bitter ? After a long debate toe Albany aad ilmciTil Hr.WMrALLl amendment Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) thought the men who were so industriously paraded as clouds of where slave propcity was involved. li they were mis- Victory would be foil of mischief, unless accom- bill was amended so as to reduoe the tBa* ia Ichange from five years to lour could not be made witnesses against the institution of Slavery. Slav- token. If this power to exclude Slavery by unfriendly panied by practical results for prtociple. A quarter of one mill, and to strike out tbe aaBtlaB u- appropriation of 91,100,000. Senator without great inconvenience, aad causing confusion ery had altered, aad men's optnions liad al- leglalaUon, UthlsBqualUr Sovereignty was covered up party to be permanently successfiil must be prnprlattog one-half of toe proceeds ofttiattfttnein the course o( study.The amendment was rejected.tered since their day. Slavery was now a in ambiguous in the bill, It wasa refined imf- animated by good falto, and vitalized by princi- reimbursement of towns that have (ufcsenefM «•—I •eoO.MN. Thaproriiiomi of the two bills In On motion of Mr. Fsssusit), Mr. Wiovall's amend- treated as an Idle thing, contrltmting, as It with salted food till they cried eagerly for drink, and must not be exceptional maxims, aor conventional The bill toen was ordered to atiiird iMdkibiMlatYSAE—Messrs. Bayard. Berjamln, Bigler. Bragg, that, like a serpent In the fire, it might sting Itself to of Teasels, without objection. Bright, Brown, Cameron, Chesont. Clay, Cllngman, death. The North demanded expansion, and even tionalor use power beyond the constitu-derived from its creator. Any argu- Kansas under the Lecompton Constitation, we re seek-tOt- QCSBAjniAB RAILBOAD SIBSIST—fklWiJMHBFOE TBK TOLL BILL—HIW-TOBI HT Corresrondence qf Uu NtiB-York Timn.powersCotlamer, Crittend-n, Davis, Douglns, >essenden. free homes to Induce the ment drawn from its between such to force a constitutienanupon unwilling people.of toeFoot, Foster, Green, Gwin, Ham-mond, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Keni,edy, Lane, the remarkable of almost a strictwithin a day or two had been Governments and the AmericanatLam.Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, Pearoe, Powell, presented spectacle — wholly imperfect Rice, Sebaatian, Slidell, Thomson, Toombs, Wigtall, sectional vote on the passage of the Homestead bill alogical reasoningWilion, YoleeHale, Hamlin, Harlan, King, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade outlet was demandeo to get rid the Irre clalmeo that power over the Territories. The co- nounced them and toeir actions-Fitch, Fitspatrick.;to emigrate andwas He defined toe1Illusory,proper,onlycolonies,as most an-Lecompton policypower of ParliamentlUiOwl their Irat meeting this morning. They de- Natk—Messrs. Chandler. Dixon, DooiitOe. Durkee, and one Southern man voting forf it. This was unlimited, and no American statesman had to the world, for one who had so viiified and de- Tbe Gridiron was badly smaahed in the#>bt tfnisUng and furnishing the Commlttee- On motion of Mr. BarAan, the bUl for the protection was begliming to be seen in the recentstrikes In New- colony one hundred years ago, and is a colony still. Soutoem Slavery. It was the best condition for toe seven members of toe Committee on Cities aad Til-la»etfgatl»g the charges of corrupt eztrara- —11. conflict between labor and capital, which lonial condition was presslbleCanada was a Mr. Vaxci, of Souto biy this morning—smashed all to pieces. Fear«f tke Carolina, (Am.,) justifiedpermanent.I tai the new Capitol extension. Fabulous prices of female emiirrant passengers, referred to by htm England. The South also demanded expansion, and Territorial Governments were temporary. The col- master aad slave. He did not believe God wouldto its Tba —Ifcm pasage.t keen paid to miserable fnmlture, and tiling es- ItaaMf tat at four cents per foot, has been paid forto refuse it would be either cruel malevolence, or a significant concession that her system is not subject to the same evils which afflict and endanger differentonies relied upon their charters as securiies for free- dom, and If these were violated they could only make good their claim to freedom, by the bloody ar-otherwise direct that what is best should not also be right.Mr. LsACB, of Michigan, (Rep.) argued that thetMycaqwilDg at two dollars per yard. Somebody wUl kawe to stand bom under.XKXY JtKV/S.Tke lea-re of absence to Brevet-Maj. AamsnADfour months. A Court-martial able at Fort Monroe on Friday next, com-reportright -ecBts, aad afterwards covered with BrusselsThe and liberty of expansion musta nation's life, and he was a poor statesman, or a soverelgnties.llf an organized territory were supreme feelings of humanity as to engage in the detestable; if it coudd during its pupilage deter- business of hunting the panting fugitive. The Presi-this morning, was taken up and passed. Adjourned.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.bitrament of the sword. Territories were held inMr. BkanCE, of North Carolina, (Dem.,) offere;! future. A decade or a century might be but a span in rsnk and condition with sister confederate Party nobody was found so low and destitute of the sider toat vote lost, by Ayes, 14, Noes 80,andwas. Accordtog to thetlon as and jnstandthoughtAdministration DemocraU from the Free Stotes arenot be galnsayed or resisted, for|the;[legislated for the pupilage and training tiU prepared to take Pro-Slavery to sentiment. Outside toe Democratic agreed to, Ayes 73, Noes 18, and a motin t^fMkusystems.Wasbimoion, Wednesday, March 14.arisolution, which was adopted, calling en the Sec- worse philanthropist, who would do nothing In its powerMhas no chance for a resnrrectioa to tke (tatara ft tktofor because has d<me no- mine absolutely its future social condition. It could dent and Ihe Democrats tosanction dis-Assembly,at leasts Now that it Is ai« kaJ biakea, lf ylegislation excludeor slave labor unprofitable, and the extinction of the then it was gross tyraimy on the part of Con- tactics and utterance of disunion seutimeats. Pas-inevitablyresultinrenderingemancipationcertain, couldby unfriendlySlavery,democraticThe conversion of the South, Kragas, Smead, Lorder, Hallinquiat and Mr. HicKMAH, of Pennsylvania, (Anli-Lecorap- Into another San Domingo, would t>e, under that pol- other day for the election of all Territorial officers he argued that a protective policy is toe life-blood of cook on its brittle bars have fallen toto tte tm. Ion toeUeot. Tiixiuei, of the Fourth Artillery, tcn Dem.,) from the Committee on Judiciary, re- icy, ordy a question of time. Hence, with the South, by the people. They should bow to their power,and take toe body politic. He advocated toe eatahlishment ofthe struggle for expansion was a struggle for life, and the consequences ol Squatter Sovereignty. Let them a National foundry in his district.via be indge Advocate.THk uoYwiawi ro> icb. ooroLAS.ported back the bill creating and regulating a paper the nece«lty of growth must find its developments, if appoint no more Governors nor Judges, nor claim theMr. WisnoH obtatoed permission to print a speech. The Committee rose, and toe House adjourned.FROM ALBANY.The Railroad Toll Bill in the Senate.£111) OF THE CNITER81L RillROlD BILL.circulation of uniform value throughout the United possible, within the limits of the Union. Mr. W»b- Tight to repeal an organic Rct, and transfer the in- iUl tke officers and employes in the Baltimore Cus- BiSE, who was ostracised for not keeping pace with habitants to a different jurisdiction. If the Territory tsaa-koeae, wbo voted for Douglas Delegates to States, and for other purposes. It proposes, on de- the precipitate uead of Anti-Siaveryism, said, in cotild exercise supremacy, then we had no right to Interfere with Utah. States were constrained by fundamental laws of their own Imposing. They had executive, legislative and judicial power,strictlv defin-on toe bill tobribery and promote parity at elections. HewlUaod it much easier to pass bills having this object la view,CkailastCB, hare been dismissed.posit of gold, silver and bullion, to issue certificates to1847, " We should use every occasion which offers to oppose the extension of Slavery." And in 1848gentleman reported favorablypreraatHob. a.Referred to the Committee onHuciLTO>, of Texas, has addressel a let- H^ Kr. Fonxi, of UUnols, adrocating thecirculate as currency. Commerce.aahaa the del^ates from Texas to be left untrammel- into three Judicial Districts. Referred."white race probsiile.gressto refuse topassthe bill introduced thesinganeuloglumpatriotismofPennsylvania,alled;after are theypmmt.' *\ it-,conclusion was a sad commentary upon the necessityBe reviews the territorial question, and con- of the District and Circuit Courts of the Northern ulne. All territory outside of the UmKs of the Sover- of adhering to the old-established land-maiks. £very The Personal Liberty Bill before tbe House, the discussion of toe prtocipies involved la theadvocacy of this controlling and o.-erina.stering doc-d*dcs it is aa abstraction, as die South has not slaves District of New-York. eign States telonging lo the Umted Stiles was com- VlAriaBttodevelopherownwealth,withoutsend- Mr.HicniAnreportedaresolutioninstructingthe monproperty,andeachoftheSlateshadanequallear la plat to-morrow, and will create some stir what legislation, if any, is necessary to give protec- was held by Congiess, astheasentof the people of toe ' would not accept Ihe Chtrleston nutnina- Long arguments have been had before the Coin-no^ pcdlticlans, as a &ir off-set to Mr. Coaar's tion to citizens from one State going into anotlier to States, for their coaamon use. The universal couviction lion if tendered to him unless tills doctrine miitee on toe subject of cheap ferriage to Brooklyn. office-holders. The chief difficulty appears le beThe Federal Government acquiredkv Ikea into distant territories. The letter nill ap- Committee on the Judiciary to inquire and report it for the common benefit of the States united, and It a dlsHngu'.shed candidate for the Presidencyto day.SXPABTI^Kt OF TH« BROOKLYN.The Srwtklyn sails to-mo:row with Messrs. T'IcLasi aad PiciiT.THI JACKSON SNUFf-nOX.A letter was received by Gen. Waed E. Edssitt to- day from AsDxaw Jacuok, Jr., inclosing aa inscrip- tion wUch he desires placed on the famous gold snuff-box, and which was immediately placed in the On the top of the box are theseengage In private and lawful business, and that they ^ the South,—although the ge&tlenian from Illinois, were avowed. Whether tkls were true or not,remains to be seen. Certainly the nomination wouldAati-Doaglas speechAlderman Davtoh, of Brooklyn, presents to the Committee a memorial asking the passage of the onew.*-'*. that ti'vy had the rik;htto emi-whtt^iT i* was designed logive permission to person- grate to, .uid oc.Miuv with their 5l.t.r«, t li-^ terfitoTr t.'te Oovernnieirt, dish'-inoring to the South .viid demor- cent ferriage act, on tbe grou.id that tois rate Is areport by bill or otherwise.Mr. McQt-'BiJS, of South CaroUna, (Dem.,) inquired(.Mr. MoBBts.lithe understood his speech correctly, the other day, denounced the p-ojwsi .ion as odious: » be construction of a r ):i(Torm to be carried outin tne administration ofis said to be a Mr. Peice, Auditor la theto go into the Slave States and steal negroes ?I\Ir. Keiiogg, of lllinoh, (Rep.,) said thii re-fdutionb'lop^in!; to tie United Stales. Mr. jew van and the Hppi.b.ican.'snv Ni , i;ongrpS,by p-isitive ie:;i.-iat!on iniist txriuilethfm. Prt^minent mt-i, some oi wh.unby either process.alizing to the parry succumuilig ti' i Dractical nega fciifllcfent inducement 10 cipito'lsis to run ferries to lion of the ::ght ol Somheni mi,-ii tr>emig'-ite witli '..'.c that tity, at a good profit, and toat the present ra:.e^ labor to whif'h they are accii5tr>nier!. 1/ the Siuthern are oppressive and burdensome on the industriousover toe ferries fromis memorial signed b;.while others are in cir-rclerrci to the Committee on J.i-iic'a-than the Rc- the Tcnitoribi Lev-is.ature in .y Uwful.v e.\c!ude inem. It was only a q':estlu--i anjuito themselves woul iheyw:-.«ry, but that referent e guvp tlf*^in no autborily to act, hLTce the present course.c'cmandaiioii of this heresy at Ch-irlesion. Trrey two to six times daily.right In and to it.AiBAnr, Wednesday, March 14,be reported tois monung, but toere was some delay to order to reconcile a few conflicting optoieais, not among toe people, but among toe politicimis aad theaiiu^abominable—be a»i indorsement of ttie itoclrinenut.liiun, s.iy Nothe n.oc'e of eidntiop. whit-h wa«to beIin pu^-ilive and urtquivocal te-ms me repjdi- p^icr,who areto obliged Tphaess,sionary Societyfeaee of kis country and oar country's rights. And the article of the Constitution in reference to the ren- 10 authorize the exercise of power, not only to show the power to divest him of his title to his property, as who were heard before the Committee on Tuesdayawarded, oader that bequest, by the general voice of bit*IneCksis In sriiin to Brevet-Brigadier-Gen. Ward B. dition of fugitives from justiceBaanR. Colonel of the First Regiment of New-Yorli Committee to report a bill providing that no con- But what clause of the Constitution warranted eignty interposes. The Constitution extends at ence Tdonteen in the lats war with Mexico.AMDBSW JACKSON, Ja., Trustee. Q.^From the Aaaociated Press.salary this inferenceor other compensation unless successful in the con- The untuccessful search of the bird sent out fromMr. Cdeet here quoted from the decision of Judge Tasxt in the Dred Scott case, and otherMr. SiesiOHa moved to recommit the bill to a Select Committee.WASHnoTOB, Wednesday, March 14. This morning, the gentlemen connecled with the Tclsgraphii: Convention visited the Observatory, on fte tavitation of Commander Maoky, and afterwards iMUtuUon, on the invitation of Prof. This eveimig they attend a series of elec- tileel •zpaitoenta. The prospect of the passage by Coagress of the bill establishing a line of telegraph to Ihe Pacific, is constantly improying. Professors aad Haaar, and Commander MAnar, pro- Hanr J. Roosas' submarine and subterranean I fbr telegraphs, superior to anything with whichtkar bare become acquainted. dTheRtftitlicnewspaperhasissuesitslastnumber,am tous questioned (rum toe City, im- on of the Interior for sovereignty. Mr. CtjniB, in liis argument In the Slavery was anywhere, as stated in the Harper Uaga- Mdefbt, Bbli, Hauuoso and Peossie, and supported plies toat many ventures ha>ie beesi made that willtestant for a seat in the Hoese shall be a paidof over the Territories' sufremc powerover the domains.The bill tolling railroads, as passed by toe Assem- bly, was taken up.specific answers'to all or any inqauies,I been under liie necessity of matotatotog silence, which 1 trust will not he construed Into contempt.the Secretarya statement of the accounts of Mr. Pi.vs, late Unitetl States Marshal for Illinois, and lor informatiou as toDred Scott case before the Supreme Court, was called on by opposing counsel to point out the exact clause upon wnich he rested the claim, and he said ke wouldbe wrecked by toe action of tSMLegislatnre. There were no todications to toe Senate this iIng, toat would change toe opinion I have 1 expressed, toat the "Toll bill will pass theSt stantially as it came from the < BSWiihly. Par- ty necessities will override toe indtyidoalaHkl| ofsome, and make them would vote No.adopted, callingzine article, the creature of local or municipal law. No law w as found on the statute book of any South- ern State, authorizing the introduction of Slavery,andSesbiorb, Latezsci, and Sri- The motion was lost by the foUowtag vote :;also. Instructing thea necessary and proper implication from sm-h grant. there, and no power can invalidate it untU a sover-Southern State had repudiated Squatter Sovereignty asdestructiveoftheirrightsandequality. Lastyear it was announced and heralded by .telejraph thatmeasure. ItwasanticipatedtoattoeNew-YorkCharterwooklamong tbe latter, and toe great objec or and alam-bitog-DlockComptroller's Department, who is averse to aaytktog thai does i:ot make Peics a heed and shoulders taller than the Conin»roller himself—that does not retato pEicK in fifice' lor an indefinite period, and that does not bold fa?; lo Peice through all time. Be has a Cnurttr o.r .''isown. in which all toese features arepiumjnen'-lv r-inb^Kiied, and as it is toought he lepre- senrs the wish*'*' -rnj wants, as well as toe experience of tne Comp»ri>lIer. ihi.r«; has been some moresuggestion.-, than there wouldwanted no Villafrarca tre.-ity t" be iliscussed in tedtcns Zurich conference, but a man'y, hones', as-over 5,000 genuine signatures, culBiion.deference p^idsertion of priTiciple.Whate^'r-r c^j^rsgotners mightThe Proxy bill, lor the benefit of benevolent so-pofse comitatus ; also to report on the legality of licar. Party, which asserted tl.at the Constitution con- between Alabama and tne a-lvocatcs of this cieties, was, by unanimous consent, reported com- result of this measure f I detected it this tothe .Apaying the claimants in the Amistad case as recom-force isnnySlavery in the Territories, and on the propriety of fers upon Congress sufficient iiower over the Territo- theoiy thereemployeda.-;ries fortheir government, and that it is the right, and the duty of Congre8s,in consequence of that power, toand InventiveIf the master can that. goplete.by Dr. Beigbav,Society, and Rev. Dr. Tibet, on toe part of the Mis-Ihe absence of prohibition, but an affirmative grant, or the slave property is legally and Constitutionally afternoon.test and admitted to a seat. Noah's ark but typified the efforts to locate the exactMr. HiCKMAa reported a resolution, which was clause u[>on which was based this gigantic claim ol legal decisions, in 6iirP"i't of this view, and denied The motion was opposed by Messrs. Fixeo, P. P. 'The fact that Imatter, and cemeTi8,I scornfully repudiated that Idea, aad said that theTerritories, as political entities, are ntver mentioned Slavery Is not prohibited. The law ef nations laphEB, McGraw, MontgomeryR,oMbninrsoen., Murphayn.dvoteThere was an toteresting meeting batam tkeonce In the Constitutionor SB a thing to be disposed of. Most usuaU:Vtm btll to authorise a loan for the completion of file CfMial;protectshow the advocates of this power agreed with Mr.of the measai^wkUeor In Alabama, in Territories or Statea Thejpo.verwaygiven to make needful rules and regulationsfor the.\Iways yours,„„ ,. not aMassaohneetteOhio this of Con-Ithtok the bill will be reported favorably.There is a vast crowd of New-Yorkers kaMlgalaas mostof —looking after toeir Interests, tkansay.I never knew such a babel of optoions, and waata, and wishes, as toey represent. Some are looking after Police bills, some oCnhearter aamnedndsmoemnetsa,notshoemre.They allweil wllderceas. power to of public lands everywhere. He migntnesroes. and quoted various portions tiontothesameeff;ct.Sieveproperty,hesaid, cognized in the ConstifJtion. The Supreme Court ha:1to punish as briberyany attemptblendedThe report of "?^eComptroUerreportedthattoetoenactUwsaadeeatroltheInhah'tants. But poier He came he had no time to dlsensr that Question.el lature to control this question, This theory,OoyeniaentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069isuaorganiicd«s4 todenyofandFriday.to makeallbut the Committeereportedprogress.theMr. HocsTOS, of Alabama. (Dem.,) was opposed to dlsfrancbislre whole communiUes of their property toine was that of the Uiinois Democracy, The speaker ruled Ihe motionrightsinhaljltants,form. The latest indorsement of thisdorr-.was proposed to re- of was not an the sales of the mibUc lands. It was little Colonies, and the case Georgiaknow everytotog, and all know- best. deadlyImpoverished finances, which It_ i.. that jou urge a Committee of Aldermea to takeofthe master fit transitUj aad enforces the law of domicil for that protection, if It is not against the public policy or the essential interest of the community. Hence the law of nations recognizes the relation, and permits no Interference wlto theIntothetejiitoryany country where, bylaw.P. P, Trtunan,and a debate folio wed (Gov. CoEWis) asserted that power the rights of the master. So, too, the slaveholder could The Senate took no vote on the Railroad Toll bill,to oppose toeMr. Wu. K. STEsao champlooed tbe Onmailiaealigious right by the inhabitantsand as no privilege of self-government requires or sanc- tions such an abomination, therefore be It enacted thatDUh, be declared null and void, and that persons gouty ly equal to that claimed by the British Parliament tive law. Senator SrnNXE, too, took as a text of A vote was taken, amid considerable excitement, and never hear of it agato.ole case, In IMi, that Slavery, being an abridgement tgiattui thaaaand, aa was yesterday erroneously such nroTlsions or law In the State called Dsseret. or premacy In Congress over the Territories, near- of the natural rights of man, could exist only by posi--.this apparently Innocent phraseologyIt has little chance for life nowwithAdvkse* have been received here from Nebraska, of polygamy be fined fNOand imprisoned not less than over the Colonies, and that Congress, when It exer- one of his Inflammatory harangues, " Freedom the motion was lost—Ayes, 34;mcMatag a Repnbllcan majority in the Constitutional Caasentlon just elected.PKOCEEDUrOS OF CONGBESS. the bill, and moved to table ItMr. Hahhios, of Texas, (Dem.,) said the Delegateshoreless and starless sea efSlaverycan Party had incorporated It into theu plat-Mr.ed and made toe specialtwo, nor mors than five years, cised jurisdicHon ev« tie p>,bUc property, could national; sectional," and the Republi-Cauicoit toen moved to have toe report print-at the Delavan House, tola city. ITaMpee are entertatoed of liis recovery.facultiesbridgeThe Statae af Haraeeand rIghU. From this assertion of a sovereign pow- who in their recent State Ccnvcntlon asserted by Mr. Va.-) Hoe.1 then moved toe previouB question, LZTTkB rBOM HOS. CBABLCS SUnZK iOt tlW«er, artle the Republican dcctrlne of a claim to con- resolution that Slavery exists In a Territory, not de-trol the social and domestic Institutions of the States- riving its validity trom the Constitution of the United heard, as a matter of justice. Hence there should be and hence the action of the Republican Legisla- Slates, but as a mere municipal institution, exist-—of the Committee against Hon. Chablk Sumki* has addianed tke fol-from Utah, who was not present, was entitled to bewliich was ordered.Ayes and Niys were called on toe question ot AKD SmSSCBIBIS.tures of Ohio, Vermont, Connecticut and OtherMr. Covoni, of Pennsylvania, (Rep,,) reminded the States, instrucllng their members to vote sa.Tie might be said of Slavery In a Slato* As this the '„ill. The report was agreed to by toletter to Dr. 8. G. HowlSekatx CsAiian, Maickt. tSMkno hastyaction,.....that the Delegate was on the floor. aieinst the admission ollowing:gentlemanThe Mil and report were ordered to be printed.having adopted this doctrine, he would set it dOwnSlave nay becauseMTDsAaHovi: I am glad toassociattog myself at first wito this purpose. "^Sf*^proceedingsknowtkatwnan m earnest for a statoe to Hoxaci lun. famous Hartford Convcntloa, to cnuertwaisllatvhe Slates as a second branch of the parental stock of subject driven by force ILrough the House witoout moA-bvsmegnce, and not IndipffaebrUencce, ia my excuse tor notpower by defeating the admission of Squatter Sovereignty. li* Slavery required positive lawthe phraseology showed that territory was spoken ot Slavery could not get there at all, and thus the SouthTtieu.'ij'-cttoe1 contribute. Were I abte It Canneeticut,prayingforanalterationintheTarilf Mr.UsDiETOon,ofGeorgia,(Dem.,)hadobjected andabsolutelyunlimited,ti.enthatother praib.tfiacallv Convention The questionwasordered,andtoeHouselarge.IfeachpersontoMassachusetts-Jowae read, andlMr. Foster spoke In f»»or ofone of which is an appropria- tive authoritylic. generaJyreply to JuJee Blacx in toe Harper article.Mi. Post reported for the consideration of toe House the bill to amend toe act to autoorize a railroading Oelr prayer as a matter of justice and cttisg statistics to enforce his arguments.over places purchased for,!ock-j was entirely unnecessary, as powerout. If it Is llie inUntion of the power, thel^nd.thePresidentis forcivilgovernment,thentheconcluMr. CuEET re.'erred to the d»clsioB of Judge Sroaigrant- nece5slt>.provlslonsofthatblU,also hates Slaven-each personi^STiily. fcio?n„uS.b?te ^^^^^^^^^« °5 *Xi upon organizationinas one of the kinds of properly. If the power were was and forever excluded from the occu- neyond rcsiirreciion.Splaceslaw,aoastoaffordthemprotection.The toIhisresttlcliononthefreedomofdiscussion.gcelnaeursaelintheConstitution,givingexclusivelegisla-pancyadoptedctohmemonTerritofry.ThDeocglab,inhitrefusedprtoevrieocuosnsidertoevote."lpetition There was not time to debate some of the important over tlie ^eat ol Government, am only suggestion JudgeMr MASs-esch ,4rson who hate*°<t -J^^^SSSJSi,ards,"""X'^^^, themoagraezines,had been elsewhere. If this in the case of Peico r». Penr.-yUania, contcrcui: on Broadway and otoer streeU of Brooklyn.in Lis biography whether i^ Kanses tween toe United Slates and Greatthetoroughout Com'faTlmlJmiay^'navTanopportunUrJoand briefly, to state that he did notfor ItsCongress could abolish ordeparture^^""WPi^ ""J^^jS^^Toplojon »u- theIn the Territory.But was as C^ongressof sov-'"'-""es. There were several iT ereign power, derived from the power dlsp^ as in many other cases. For instance, Coagress hnnttog ground.'''o''^°*f, Bo"rd»'to »ell 1»»3»f.'jlTr Bat ferred to the A'.abama resoluttoas of 1656 aad 1860,UentontitrledDoiala-.tivHe also re'erred to the treaty .Mayor Corporation;drinks to tostParis three Northern men, Feasxii-i,;billmust embody impartial trutti. Us principles capital stock..'Adnudistra- it would be too entire a surrender of personal msnkood to demand of the Souto, at this time, support for toe highest officeMessrs. KOLA.Comiout,byof toe Methodist Episcopal Church,or Gridiron Railroad bill for New-Vork. Mr. Caiucott moved to lay the report on the table.enth-avenuebill,it in chargea Committee of Aldermen to look after it, yoa itoaldMr. Callicoit explained his vote, statingintoxicating MetropolitanCityIce Companycontribute''bout it.comm«!a"»n;d."mVealnudbelievejge. SDlfinBR.;;expenses of toe Special Connell Clages reported adverselyto lay toe report on the table was defeatad, kfm <*> Noes 61, when the of toe Coiaaiitt— IPMqaickto make it;Noes,81. Ex-SenatorWh.Eiacb,oftAoabum,Ikdianrwulj«or-eig^beenbenefitedbytoevastande.«hfTM^J^"lovesand toe uisahne"--^s*hou1i.fltot itas^' -TV?ft--- :^..J^^^>i^m^.www.fultonhistory.com^^^fifeti -.^^..uat;- j>4&. ,-^&s^-...I;?-v^i 