 changedit appear that there is no such difTerence at all,to be intended by Osolo) was a betterblackened, howling desert.The only Power of importance which is at allalightstom garments. And to drag these over- likely to stand up boldly as the champion ofmiEuxmc.hangeon New-Yorkpar®1-16^cent, pre-.patticnlan. .tUSHk Jtidicial District is the most Important. Mr. doctrine.sance" as he now to appearecolumn, in the ments. His suggestions are worthy of consid-irsW-TOBK, FRIDAY, JAN. 6, 18«0.enjoymeat gravTHamburg ration rcae to enttau'**'^ •'•* tb f«MkM«3a«M TtaHt BvIUIbc, BmHBt Ike Olty;employingto believe that free laborersaadser-cept In axtraonliaaiy cases rea tion."oilingWAPuk,MnetntW-TOKK TIKKS (DOIr) iipabllilMdanrynaanlinoua vote. Woodhas published a Mayorof war, and are about to malie TbiBhasverymnchtheair,itmustbeown- bringthewbtdesubjectoncemorebeforethe ed, of Master Tyll Owlglass. It might well coming Earopean Congress at Paris. As the caseKigiPflf I^Avaareaia. Thursday, Jaa.».Uponloaded,one isto forceFkrk-nir,S^veeaatMannitr««l».theplan ofCart taTarhtbl)' la adranoa. ABlattCTatabeadJresaedtothe•• Maw-TnsTnui.•v-TaiK Otty. ^ Aa«a«*ea(a tkia ETaalnc.TALL^AOK'STHSArat-HosBAini10Oaasar-TaaHam Mur. WUltKltOABPKW—TillOcToaooir.IMTBa UKKKV THKATai—Oui« Bbhh. SlBWa OAW>Ui—Fo» Lotus-Oeuo BAUIt—It.writing Buncombe speech,with the executive fonotioas of His:nMunam—JsMHT Twrroau ni Fbaikis—A Oooa- Kanaaa easnaiuii.ty held a meeting laat night at their rooms in Clinton Ban,at which an interesting letter from the celebrat- ed African traveler. Dr. LiviNORToNK, dated fromford usthebestgrounds for believing that, inas President of (he Seasla.Vaa Warn OAmra." NEWS OF THE DAY.The ateaoahip Bohemian arriTed at Portland laat eTCBiDg, from Liverpool December 21, andby all friends ofbyon London,IsaisHpereeat.from Qaeenatonn Dec. 22. The news is fourdays definitely The Representatives of thethedicta of the old writers on international law.later. Tbemeeting of the Congress isfixed for January <I0.Powers are nearly all ofEcially announced, as as Provisions, Oils, Naval Stores, Metal*, Hides,BfexicBB Intrigne at Washington. The communication from our Vera Cruz cor-except the difference as itarbitrarychM «iat wken it JDBAt6 lIMday evetdBf.more lytilroadt. Bs po^isible.adjepm to^ay, ItakaU ad-tactics with freat adrBottfe, aad thai k br i«-by lbs Ceamoa Osaaod nqoMag' Oie apfroval di 1^ Mayor wtll be |MbUAedmntaM»U iaaref the lead' tog daily papera ftr* dayabeCgn ttelng aoU4 ovoakf ma, to Uw Mid thai aU pasaoos who an Ofpoaad may havaanoiipoitasityta behaard. Objeotleo* moat be BudalBwMtlBcvata otbanrtse dbrected bytkeoa- deral«aed. TfaU pabUeatlnn'wiU not be omitted ex-Inunadlat* ac-I<et tis have thorn as speedily <i?^ SafMr o< the Seas.free eoofety," to adopt and 'Cbablb T. MoClbbaobab, Clerfc. In the by crasy fanatics at the North, and so far atravte«»^llatenad (i^l<iiii«T«l.Thetreatfaigtheir own jargon, as an ezperitpBot set on footfioaid of OonBrilaea met laat evening, and otganbad By eleetiBg MoaeiB Joan President,iBBMUewailanoe,«•and Taimnanr Hall Democrats united. Mr. Van Tibb, the oppoalnc candidate, received nineTheand Bremen havB iMto^subjeet of the right* of netmC.** 't »«» in timePowers hare and have acknowl-eleetioB of a Preaideot, thevotea. Mr. McClxhachak waa elected by a thing but practicality tonotice that the measuiea which,aafB^aAteTeBiDC-FilMtw«,0ara,tgrT*4ftt U3« been adopted by the Common Council will be vants, and paying them wa^a, is aclomsy dB-'"•y,,''"^wtnTrrrt. Ilnl 1" "ir'HM rmr pnbliahed, in txtmto. In four of the leading vloe of Tankce origin, and has totally failed ofbe a question whether the Mayor is not here stands at the present,tb*HKW-TOBK TUOCS (BMl-VMUy^-Tna B«r daily papera five days previous to receiving hi*SA«»«]r«ar ;man at the Southfree labor, and that the same system p cvailsEuropean privateering,The Pike's PeakwMeh leftbcfe, brlaglag ^lijtttwortkalsnccess.fk* KEW-TORX raaa nrMUirMrwa D«uaa • will bo signed, unless it be accompanied by ly weU that it was not the North that inventedyeartspiM, M«a« a<di«n, fbr Twrn/n DeUiuaMaehcarried out strictly, would erect the Mayor goods also under Bn enemy's flag from cap- vtskwalGomnaentieeeaaf otgajriaa^, aad fttwoooplastaaaiaMrM*. tirFinI>MkL*.M.official signature, and that no^arraat for moneycalling upon the sovereign people for the light which the sovereign people expect their ChiefabolishedDenver Oky dluatis&etlanexistedwithregudtoO*r>»-•wvouchers and lestiroony under oath aa to the per-edgedthat the neutralflagDec.28, haaantred shall cover even an dost.The Stock Market improved in demand, and^Kttle comment aa possible.Never were theabsolutely imperativesome additional accom-The sugar market was to thedull, owing UoUdw*^fupply of means offered to the Brokers in the Money Market.Stock;ii,waa given to Mr. Vaixasdigbam, and upon the condition of the laboring classes in the two disgusting to any one who knows the manaecond to Mr.. BococK. The American vote sections of the Union, -and all attempts to make and his acts. Osollo (whom we presumefrom Mr. Giluzb to Mr. Nilsoh. Mr.JllLl»,of South Carolina, then obtained the floor,and reiterated the standing commonplaces of his or that the difference is but superficial and man, and a belter soldier tlian Mira- section and party as to the Republicans,and the un-compelledmain strength, through a dense mass of per-sons, and may think bimadlf well -off if heladen cars, a couple of mules—utterly inade-—of the lash, the blows of a cudgel, and theshouts aad sometimes the oaths of the driver,Exchange on New-York l-IO *• cent, pramiam. PcuAssLFBiA, "Tharsday, Jaa-S.the House until a lateFrom Washington we learn that a party of Ren-of the trip. to insultBet:Hr. Haix said that be did not know by what aaUrar-Ity It bad been announced that he was to address ihi* Convention, nslesc It was supposed that he coutd not be there at all upless he msde a speech. He alludedgagedadjournment.taining the right of EnglandAll the roads are alike in this respect of Gibraltar, and Italytons of a particular kind, and, of itself, the with great loss, taking a number of women prison- wearing of livery is in no way degrading orthe possessionbygerahad defeated the Indians in Arizona Apachemay possibly be worse than others.The wholedifficult to see in Vhat essential he is worse off than a Senator of the;but it to be con- tain loss of in do not believe our are to intimi-veryactuallyofmust increase theMON,and because he wasso,and alsothe atrocious which consecrates at anomalysea excesses now universally coadenoned onIt will be a curiousof the Con- EuropeanstatesmenBfew-Hampsliire RepnbUcan State CoB- ventioB.SPXXCB BT SXKATOB EALI—BXSOLirTIOilS.At the New-Hampshire BepubUcan State Con- vention which on Tuesday nominated Ichasob Oooa- 71K for Governor, Senator Hal* made a speechallajringB^iT, of Pennsylvania, announced that he should existing irritation. If all the servants because he was about to join the Liberaltrifling, insteadmore that rule as aa amendment to the next mo- at the North wore Uvery instead of a forces, he did die prematurely and early inconstitntionalityof the rule. Mr. HiCK- pluralitytion for a ballot. In the course of his remarks, anallasion to his fellow Democrats led to a violentconversation between Messrs. Davis and Fortes, the case, this sartorial fact would prove noth- naturally of fatigue and fever," but, accord- of Indiana, Mr. HicKii.ui, and others, which en- ing for Mr. Mason's side of the case. Livery ing to common report in the City of Mexico,land, is Great Britain. fact for the considerationnumber, as isthe present series of troubles." "smallis simply a coat of a particular color, with but-Not, however,by poison, administered through the instru-mentality of the priests or of Mibamon liimself.The writer of the communication to theera and capturing a large quantity of tiows and humiliating. Whether it shall disgrace the Journal of Commerce, or the person whoand avenues would Eighth—the^ialm in case of any close competition. one and Ihe same ground namely, that allarrows. Capt. Wysb has been relieved from the sentence of Court Martial in consequence of some in&innalUy in the proceedings.wearer or not depends altogether upon hisreason for appearing in it. If he wears it incaused it to be written, is, doubtless, well ac-quainted with all the facts, and if he will butof the RevoluUon. He said this of progress libertyOur San Francisco correspondent gives the par- virtue of a contract voluntarily entered into by continue in the same vein, will afford other tic«Iara of the Bberreback claim, the nnal decisionof wliich Britain,which HorFUAN has created a himself, and supported by a valuable considcr- people a fair chance of making it fully knownto thepeaceof theworld,time. One was thtngaby Judge — which he canwhereandwealthy monopoliesprasaat party advancing Inuepromiugatien of Its principles with the almost certain prospect ofuponnest excitement in San Franciaco. This claim, tion a contractatabrogate any in this country, how the Church' and its agentsmunitydemocracy or whereequal rightstoonded on a grant made by a Mexican Prefect to timeanything,London Review) Saturdaycould be relied success. were met not oat 'They by argument byFlTlB Shxbbibace, an old Californian, dates>to exhibit thetbeydesistthey (the Democrats)ftom the year 1845, and has beenuponjusticelitigatedfor sev-ty from all lawsandobligationsto thepublicsuch circumstances would not be worth preserving. It would not be a Union. ftaw-Uaiapthlie would ba in that case a conqnered Proviaee—a frightenedCommerce Province if you please. We should l>eIn the condition of the old French Parllameot,reasonable noticeto assert that he is degraded or made servileaffairs in Mexico.That old Mexican oligarchy, schooled in alluponeral years. On the 5th of December, Judge HoFr- by Ills coat and buttonp any more than by ful- the arts of Spanish intrigue, has, for once,did notUAB filed an opinion, declaring the validity of theclafan. There is some dispute about the location ofthe property in dispute, comprising nearly two discomfort or inconvenience. There is a cer- efforts in Washington must be powerless. We hnndied acres " "at The evil has a perfectly plain aud large.filling anyotheragreementwhichmayentailoverreached itself at the outset.Its future—The Journalceded that the site is tha same which is now anything for other people, but the constant and dated, cajoled or misled by it, even though 'cOTBted by the residences of the most wealthyeSifenaofSanFrancisco.Propcrty-ownerain incessantdoingofthingswhichwewouldnotdoagentsofrespectabilitymaybecarelesslyin- thst city are,' therefore, greatly exercised in con- if we could help it, and which ore more or less veigled into its schemes of Anti-Americanwho ride with them will publif tied at Cape Coast, Gold Coast of Africa, con- dent, and we are called upon to register their edicts, "aeqttence of the decision of the Court. Another irksome and is onediplomacy.consent to be crammed into one. It U the oldThe London Times, when it was firstindacial "'decision, rendered by Judge Hakdt, inCaUveras County, is regarded as importantdisagreeBble, unfortunately oPthe first conditions of existence for the massThrough the agency of Jkckkr & Co., 6ie -contest betweenavarice and theestab-liafaiag the ownership of private parties in all the of mankindpublic venience, and as things are managed here, avarice is pretty sure to carry the day. If our not the best-natured and most tol- erant public in the world, a remedy wonld haveMessage to the iMialatnie, states that the total aidount of ra-proclaimingto that the wearer is a Washington. Whatever Congress may do re- everybodypublic were been enforceded that one great object of its publication was to furnish mutual information of each other'svery apparitionce^ into the State Treasury, during the laatcoaclunan or footmantoatltBtious absorbed theMore than Ihree-eighths the entireparticularUnited States, an ofliijer of the American army, and its outrages and crimes against humanity or anybody else who accept*) pay for publicly in geiu'ral, so richly iiirrit. The Govemineatmonopolists, as ours constantly are.notonlybut we have a newpsrllnow. Apolitical party threat-;—;vZMkllSmtiaining at the close of the prcceftng'made the sum to which this sort of advertisement may entail onlong ago. wherethemassof the^Vehavebraved wehavecontendedInwarathomeanaonfor^gasollsubject disburaement $3,- amountofdisbursementswaa him,itisverycountrypeoplethe; we have atrag-?e4a6r,,272f3>fc2,304. The public works and educationallarger part ot this sum. levy for State imrpoaes is for the support of schools and schoolaccumuloted so rapidly, however,If we vote to accordingthe throughout world,even at theprotestof what is called the Miramonvertisements from allquartersto be insertedcowardleebut must show the aation that,mlnerala contained in the soil.but if he is remune- specting the Mexican treaty, we hope this pro- TA^waa $3,520,154, which, with the balance of lated at his own price for any loss and damage test will be taken up aad made the occasionGot. Cbask, of in his Ohio,a is one mode of Government" has just been received in present day. Wearing liveryIlbianes. Gov. Chasi recommends the rr-enact- exercising his vocation. If he were compelled uf tlie United States has already notified thejilaint.probably —tjiatment of the statutes which the last Legislature re-Miramon party that it shall be heldor no, on pain of imprisonment or flogging, for the murder of American citizens, and othership received much more benefit from their an- of State be dismantled and wraeked because a tal- nority of the crew caanot coatiol her t Hr. 9xwaxdpealed, and prohibitin;; slaveholdinglaws the givingto wear the livery whether he wouldresponsibleconsiders it everybody else"s right to get all hecan out of him, and to give liiin in return as nouncementsHe thinks that it would be useless topaper throughmainly attacked, aad ttsy said fliey wotudnegroes the right of suffragetheyNow AND THK.N-. ^The New-York Tribunekidcapuiug.than the were made.which had beentake almost anybody elae Nt htm.pa'soutrages. Now,thathas theTbeywere fastandcall the Americannearlydisorganized four has case, in short, it is not in their mannerofpassing to account lor negotiating with the only exist-or some otlier1""5^;.- The militia of the State whioh-was it would of course alter the whole aspect of the to Government, turn,Courts, not the Legislature, are to determine thisin itsing co'nstitutional Government of the Republic of Mexico. The game is an audacious one, but it will hardly succeed.The Mayor's Cry for Ijight.— clinchesalaboredargumentagainstyears ago, been reor- ganJiedtosuchanextentthat it formsanacleusstateofthings andthat; Ihey ought to give tome 0/ tke rtit qf ut a chaitce. [Laughterandapplause.] ThenomineeatChicago free would be elected. Tae people would find no dUBeolty^"""^ ordinaryemergency. Inmakes reference to thetheir time >|^hat Northernoccupations,JtitJTM"""'*''"tirely competent to anyin a man who would make as agagedminorityEev. Prof. Hcstisgtos, of Har-m June laatwas $26,759,000, againstontatandlng$74,079,000 lnl858 and $24,124,000 ten years ago. The report aboonaa m remarks and suggestiona of the bigbeat practical value.then from a French Bourbon and is it Bong,;in the Tertltories in the icMlent;possible.one remedy for thispolstspite, would take nobody eUr. He did not think itthephysicalindignityviolence,little asTliereis'hut— practicaltheworking public up to theUiat from tlwy,laborers differ fromin their motive forunhappy state of between the two aections for a livelihood a tolerably uncomfortable feelingconclusion. Gov. CnASE Harper's F.;rry i mtute, re-managed.theTo prop up the cause ofTheParty, tae believed, wotild ooBtiaue to be aoeeaaaful*untU. by thepueseaslon of power4t mold rrr"mn chr-affirmmg the position which he took in his re-slaves, butat all.BmJth has done much to bring about the present delve, and lead, as all men must lead who laboraponsetohov.Wisx, and maintaining tliat theoccu[iationdigrepublicanism by foreign bayonets, is to admit rupted. He appealed to all BepnUieaas I0 labor forstrations of applause.it leaves some odd echoes upon the under- After the conclnakMi of Hr. Halb's spaaeh. 6*0. G.or in the nature of theircompetition.theinter- supportBoth of themphatic language:lile;of the country by repealing the Missouri Com- but the free laborer does so in virtue of a volun- certain rules by which he proposes to be gov-In the Bute San^e the concurrent reaolutionsef la^ session, looking to .a reorganization of the which it usually receives, simply attempt contributed more to lower the character of ourpublic to succor struggling Litierty in Mexico ?Court of Appeals, by increasing the number of to make it appear that the privilege of work-Jadgea to eii and lengthening their term of service, ing when and for whom one pleases is utterly were called up, concurred in, and lay ^.^g^ j^valueless, and that nobody but a visionary at-at home and than the abroad,running through—Mas. Blettt's Bxadinos. ^Mrs. Ellin Kxt.^^relative to thefreight bill before the Senate having iaiie'^i_ ,ome taches any importance to it.a fewthe inteieats of their eonstitaeatsattempttogetthepapers„„ ^ataings"eveningsacrlptioD of freedom of opionfion; inlast year, without extra pay. Thepeace education,pro-sometliingtbeConiUtation, and the latagrttj o< the Ut-ion:thatThe latter recommendation was sense and adopted. Among billa noticed, that dividing theTiMKs discusses the matter in anotherBut the Mayor announces another and more and urges the necessity of improved pave-byinstructing them allInteieats pernritihe Ike SouthMortfa, U will neither encuur»fe fimallMt encroachmeot n^Kin the rigbta ot that while it siaverv as a vrpng tobest intereata of oaraad ooosti'u- feaceiftul do warof Buffalo, introduced his bill extending There is another point, also, in the contro- the tljne for the completion of the Buffalo and versy b?-tween the North and South, on whichfeature of iiisof thril-byupon it in the Sntee where it.e^i!it«, bo) \7iU defandofWe must say we do not feel it necessary to argue this branch of the question. We are quite content to leave:BepnbUcanscompletefaUure. Weareall,orprofeaatobe,*memorial on thecent, in prices yeisterday, owing to the easier words of Writ more to \ Holy applicablewere sus- that tained. A moderate business was transacted inTheir strength is to sit still."getup-town night,railroad or by omnibus. All attempts to limit supportCotton was more active, andFlour, at uniform rates. Wheat was in better re-and was firmer. Other kinds of Grain, as wellindicated, including Count Catour for Leather, Rice, Tallow, Tobacco, Hay, Hops and respondent, which appeared in the Tixxs ofquest,any of these vehicles topas-to be the Kortk wMch has Brium,pricesata character. Mr. Kino, of New- practice of social economy, oddly upon the warning of our correspondent. moment, and legislative York, " "is at full to leave at libertyany erntherelationsof attheceaaedJudge.WtTkota hy Telacraph. BAunaoaa, Ttauaday, Jan. f.FLOtm dullWbzat—Light supply with onchaaged prices* -C«a>praaonted the petition of Gov. Hobqah, and three under the designation of Slave States com- The following extract from the Washington else.nnndied others, for a Homestead bill. Mr. Hax-KOBD wa3 excused from serving on the FinanceConmittee, and Ur. F£SSXNI>en from serving onthe Houmaa Land Grant. The adjournment was of the term, seeks to lessen its force by the in-to Monday. In the House, the proposition of Tention of a new phrase to define the exact time in supreme power, that It is not quite safe to Mr. MoaTaoKUT for a temporary organiza-tion in order to put through the Post-office Appropriation bill was debated for rather of those among the servants of the North; Cma aiora. He.forMAV came within three, and upon the second, theSpeakerwithiii four of the number of votescase that he should iiave been the favorite and inti-elect. 'necessaryravagehimself,by itsfertileleaguesofhappyhomesteadsintoato the first ballot, the Democratic voteingthe other, getmonly appliedpartcountry,communication to the Journal of Commerce,In the cars at starting there is a general rush and scramble for admission. Women andverylookiagHoward-street andOhio, %S SS.to bis ownof theand while he is unable to dispute the accuracythe is seventeenth.eentury,condition of domestic servants at Ihe North, or judge blm, either for praise or blame. Thus far, heThe laws of war, like all other laws, have to bealtered to meet the wants and circumstances White, (I arntl S2eome time, the Bopublicans objecting on consti- who wear liverj. He seems to attach a serious castof the times. We no longer kill our prisoners; cloeedwithanadvanceof4c. iatutional grounds to any attempt at legislation previoua to the legal organization of the House. The proposition failing to secure support, Mr. Rsa-up bythe convulsionsconsequent uponof two or three persons standing, eagerly taken in battle nor do we hold them for a ;WHisiTduU,at20c.a27)tc."livery," as an instrument in as- similating the real condition of a hired servantran-importance to—Osols—watching seize histhe moment of his exit, in order toJan. S.CUjfresumedthefloorandhisspeechofWednes- attheNorthtothatofanegroslaveattheSouth fatigueandfeverearlyInthepresentseriesofdou- ;with fire and swordfrom96 79. MxssPoxz In fair M. demudattKI BsuConfess we do not see.country.;compaiiion, and it Is a promise of good In Mixahox'sas barbarous.It is due to all par- were had. Upon the lirst, Hr. Shis- ties in the controversy which is now rend-New-Orleaa*to admit that there is a mate of—and toed this morning.]_Bxekaagea. BAunoaa,Thursday,Jan.5.country,real, radical and essential difference in theOSOLO."This ignorant praise of Mirahon is absolutely—it is ridiculousmeancannot at any time purchase complete immuni-"andof England In the control of the seas."Southern following anyAt pres-findingem- dent as BccHAKABgoodPraa-who from one promise, kidnapping from the soil of the Free and contract,the slave to avoid erned in administering the high office to which ple go pariBtatea persona guilty only of the crime «( color, tary legalsimplyof the City to he has been chosen. In the main these rules the other. Let any one observe, betweenDid the Americanof 1776 Fooo, Esq., (rcmi the Coaualtie* en RaMlntloas. pre-and by reiterating so threata of disunion.In tliefern gentlemen are constantly drawing between the condition of the two classea, this distinc-but we must tion is entireiy overlooked siypatriotsthey men, a* evinced la tha repeal of cbo Missoori Comp-o- tu:o are walking where there is one riding. ablest men over the sea to entretU for it the mlse, snd the atttmpt to force Slavery IsO Kaa<,u byfre^quentl'y-needlessly6 and 7 o'clockwhich promises the establishment of a sort of of pereons going up town,Rentvcd. Thatamongttir irpeaiwilsniT.riiiiiiThe annual report of ^^^g g^^^which is given elsewhere in to-day's issue, states that 11,250,000 was added to the Banking capital of the State dunng the past year. The circulationlost when beyond remedy,and hertmisliment.comparisonswhich South-the crowds and he will see thatsentedasariea, wMchwerethefoRowtiigSuperintendentwe fur'T'erhapssee what isit is.the wisest course inforeign bayonets ?"nnder the fom* of lavS"laverydo sophismthenotsophism;;gained bydiatelyunder theeyeMayor himself,inIs this because they prefer to walk ? —aid of"Or wis it lawfulpeoplethreat*oor fathers framed it.Reaolvcd. That the corruption and aitravaganoe efth*regardthe is too pricegoodwillof so ridiculous aandto it isWe must have a large increase in the means of City loco- motion. In time we shall have steam cars all our streets, and if the management of these matters' were in the hands of practical business men, the changeto treat it with the contemptuous indifference he-will fairly earn a civic crown. has as an Nothingliigh.could be introduced at•--;ti'gj^ yeB)^i?ota grunt0, /rtbttg, ItttttMtiS 6, ^^jitoaaaaiaifcfrainingpractical menbntwemust Itsay proves aay-'complete."to find for them. ThisHaUttmtmlntft. the Buboniinate officera of the City Oover nment. izes the industry at least ofall civilized countries. and the six hundred thonsand odd citizens ture,; ttnatw»op>««.t»naai: Ti DoitAM. .layMagistrateprovision,ifenemy'sgoods. Thcsyhaveexemptedneutralformance of the work in compensation for which XmmjMMlMf wa CtM a/ tawatir ar aura. •Otta m- it is to iM paid. He alao invitee complaints againatIkafnnn rOB OAUTOSNU U vabUdwdaa tka The room* occupied at present by the City_Hall It isilto ii, IbrTover thegreater portion of the globe, And organ-wu of coarse, the case of generally regarded a faUuzal Attaupta to o«£«ittataitan or e*«r]r MaU itaaaar. Piiaa,lavnppen,f Police Court are to be aira&ged for an Emigrant uand Strangers ProtacUon Bareau, where infonni-bythe basis of all theirand whennotHBia fcr (riasle oeplei.peatM man,<»tltin will be to thoee girraneedingmanageof "to the Miramon faction, orarticles of any kind.ments were, Uierefore, inserted as among;;and antreasury empty treaauryMayorWoon has issued apublicaacoess wasfrom"omU he ioand. St pasaNrall of them held in theMtrdebt Moreover,noSoutherntheOrotontaxes,Leghdataie, were nnsnrrnBlUiEveryknows perfect-expreas,any people than to the slaveholders of the South,rule which renders private propertyon New-To"thewith any comfort, either by"quateto the taskareprovided,andthe soundadministeringGovernment," the emphatic rebuke which itswould submit to be plundered, and maltreated bypurchasemost interesting and important news of themassacre of American citizens in particalar,—without rebeliioD, but almost wilNuut cotn- day. Theysled with a plethoric;pretendbb (o attemptNEWS BY TELF(Mi Flke«a Peak. *'is a ranktha execution of Bsown, ridicules the North- Sugars and CoBce. Freights were somewhat faction in the City of Mexico, with Messrs. for fresh accessions, and those who have seats it is utterly indefensible. It is ridicnlous on signs of the Bs talreadySaidima. The London Times, commenting on Molasses, were quiet. Afair inquiry prevailed for Wednesday, announced the fact that the Church Omnibuses already full are regularly sloppedabsurdity,•IB nmpathj when too late, and pre- brisker. deU nuu the matter will tend to strengthenthe face of it to seize and pAmder a man's expense,andstickatnomeasures,toprevent menandwomentreadingontheirtoesortumb- shipamilefromtheshore,whileyoureligious-the'Heath. TheweatherinEnglandandFrance araa ezceasively severe, but had moderated.Slareryand-Serrltnde.NoarsLx,Tbnnday,/aa.f. The residence of Kr. Hall, an extensive bookbot the Moora were still the assailants. Another Northern States, to them from whateongement was reported, and as disastrous to tfae Koors. Numerous political arrests at NaplesAnyand Vattxl are cited in the discussion of the stroyed by Cre tills moralng. It Is mppoasd Um •<The reported intended abdication of of Austria is unfonnded. Austria waiwducingherarmy. Theaffairs ofHungaryarateported.which are to be found such reck-A Hfl*nike Cerreeted—DemlB ef Jadga Oady^. AiSAirr,Tbaraday,Jaa.9.A mistaJte was m*^ in aBBOoaciiig the death ofwere almost as much unlike our own as those ofChina or Japan now are. To attempt to gov- ipect to hi* m«nory. Hoa.DAnaL Cast is tha da-Mr. Mason's explanation of what he meant the ratification of the McLane the " " treaty byly respect his shop or dwelling-house withinremonstrance on the part of passengers sight of the captured vessel. When Obotius and piano dealer, and four other buUdlafi, were d*.Iks Spanish forces were concentrated at Ceuta, by the epitliet serrile which he applies to United States Congress. The Journal of Com-ling into their laps during the whole journey.distinguish " "ofcontains a communicationare called the Slave States of the South, Ua very good specimen of that laborious huntingfor parallels which in heated controversies less statements, so muchmatter, it aeems to be forgotten that these jurists wrote in an age when commerce and manufactures were in their infancy, and whenparflypartyeffronteryarc admirable, and one of them in parlicidar, bureau for. the protection of emigrants, imme-of thethe City Hall, deserves to be commended in thewarmest terms. If Mayor Wood will but carryout this regulation in the spirit and the letter,any evening,-.disgraceful in which our authorities have fallenCity,degreeshort of ibcir duty to the poor and friendlessfoitigners whom our laws, our necessities,prefect National AdmUuitrstian, exhtbllcd ia it* (r«- Blubt,whobeganhercharming PoeticalHead- qucncaticmptstobribememberso(.Congresstobetrayalways exceptipg,highest respect, of New-York into a sort of Cooncil contraband of war. Oar Government has al-leviedtat the mlaiBg districts, aad a gaa«al wMK of e«^«ra* Gevenunaot fett.The look to a peopleon which point the United States maintain their old rights, but offer to adopt this rule, also, ifexception of Mr." B«wj. H. Ficld, for Treasurer. has been tried for centuries, and in all parts of htmdred objections to it, were we not dispensed The Hanse Towns now ask for the following The aoBual iBporta akowed the Society to be in s the world, and has t>een deliberately, slowly tberefirom by the suspensory clanses in the settlement of certain vexed questioiuVab one of the membera of Sobaicb,forB or newspaperlegislativeHonor after aMayor was an Oriental Cadi, giving audiencecludingthat whichabolishesprivateering,Aqaednct Board, haa notified Mayor Wood thatat the expiration of hia present term of service, he will retire from office.makingvery perplexingfashion.If theThe Historical Society has reelected Hon.agreeinviolate, preciselyLtrmiBBbadisb, to serve I860 President, duringSlavery,hand,wiiichtheSouth head,"suchaninstitoUonwouldbenaturalprivate propertyatseaas City,buttherewa*agnatmMseUfofmslailiiia believes for a moment thaffireespeedy otgaalsaMoD of1h* iaiiapauaUe. Miatagsaa- tinned on a llnHeB acde fr As Intervals of waim an experiment, or that it has not succeeded. and dispensing justice "all out of his own tha Earopean Powers will to declare ail weather. Btdldliig wa* n»aiua*lng rapidly la FwsaiGabsiac,Jkceer&Co.,wouldshrinkfromno are to compelledgivetheiKup,orhavestoutsociety"isTerritmybyCeaneaa a*on the otherTheotherofficeraaretheaameasbefore,withthe proclaimstobethepanaceaforallpoliticalills, enough. Asitis,wemighteasilysuggesta privatepropertyonshorenowis,intimeofwar. OrgaalaatleaeftheTitrla"*IiaglslaWi.eonditioo. :'BAiOBsfi^ tUreiiV, 'aa.Ai The Legislature of Maryland organizad, t*4«y, byalecdag E. O. Kosaaa, af Aaae Anrndel, MflouriaUngBATRB—C«u>saFabhm—EnonisEa- TheAmericanGeogiapUealandStatisticalSocie- this "Northern" system. To maintain thatIpointnothingat allStats*.rasidatlaB waa and umform mla* with privilege of teat* on Oa toar to tb*and irrevocably cast aside to make room forbody of the regulation Uaeif, which happily af-I. The adoption of precise and uniform rules withregardtotherecognittoooftheneutrml character of SpeakeroftbmHooae,aad.J«a>f.Baaao,iirrilMithe experience of mankind has here been atveaaeU, boagkt by neatrala from subject* of. ttie bel-George's,Ia fte Boose aof fact, it will come tofault, is to maintain that all political wisdom And yet, if we should prove to be wrong, and 3. TheiM|* Ueka* this City, Mr. Do Gbaillit, addreeaedtbe audience and that their social organization is superior to ever save Mayor Wood from committing so Ugerents shall ba allowed, after the conuneacaiaent andeoDteettb* aaatadftheAmerteaadalegaies. BT- llABi^VVS KOIBU U—Afternoon—Tbi Fobtt Tanru, on the aubject of hla African experiences, with that of any other country, muitisgahied by foolish and impolitic a blunder as ofhoMUltle*, tocontlaa* their current voyage, and ter oonslderaUe diacnaaiOB the reenlaUen «a*p*|H4. AyesSS,NaysS;theBalff^ncertaiegate*aotr»lt^VXWBOWUrrTHBATSK—ToaTwoHiaHWiTHia— Tette,Zambeze,EaiatemAfrica,inFebruaryoflast•IMS. ,0a«ai—PAHoa ass Pnaus—A-lu-ih-a- year, waa read. Another African traveler, now in is centred in the 'Southern States of this Union, in the course of its practical operation it should regard to the period within wtitcta vessels of the t>ef gaUoa from Ba lBiIilligCHAauiiHXSicosB—TaaFomToutu. specialreferencetothehistoryoftheKTtMBt— newly-dis- the continued iteration of such extrava-Ex-Mayor t^returshomewtthontbeingexposedtocapture.iTheGoveioor'*The I«BUIatare afPosHAn, Thiiraday,Jaa.Kcovered geriUs, the largest anrl most powerful of 1>0D#0STH'8 SALOON—OtANS Csxciu. the monkey tribe, to wmch naturalists are now at-uponthe Central3. Adefinition of what shall be eonsldeiedto be contraband of war, Umltiag tbeoi. If posaibis, to arms, mnnitlous, faoiaes, East Indian and refined saltpetia, sulpbnr and lead.Messagewasnotaeatin. ^".or RrTOEBS FEMALE INSnnJTE- taching ao much interest.gances, it is hard to say. U certainly malteeno converts, and it fiimisbes ammunition to have reason tothousands of the fanatics whose assaults, putover thisHalaa.,;oi*;^UB<a Italia.tnUVKUf UfFHITHSiLTBS—EqcxsTxiAx PzaFoaa-;,IllM»-JOCKO.ncATTOK'8 OfERA HALL—Kooioo KArns Enrn-The Chamt>er of Commerce, at their monthly meeting, had under consideration the project for arejoice .evertiigh-jrAliAW WABDKK-Tas AnimaH k Co.'s lUaMisn. seamen, foreign postal relationa, harbor obstruc- South knew how much force has tions, and the necessity of amending the Cenaua onlybeen—rapidly settling itself, or rather, the compa- power, and neverthelaas should have attempted tomVBBAIiOOH—Gxosai Onan'i Mnraiuu. laws of the United States so aa to procure com- supplied to Anti-Slavery zeal by ridicDlons at-AMOniT or DBSION—Bonms k MiaiiWa PAm- mercial statistics. tempts to bring free labor into contempt, thoseM« ' Tn Heaa o> WAgRHMToa ARia taa WAa." At the meeting of the New-York Sanitary Asso- of its who value andcitizens, peace quietness,Whether the Congress of Paris will take this•AIiLUtT—Mo. a> Broadirar—Pauna'i ciation, Dr. Wtshc read a paper upon the duties would certainly let the aubject pass with aa;the numberofsengers they will hold, have been abandoned. Logically,ofto the health. legislators protect publicunimportiat.ourmodations for City locomotion. Under presest humanity progress, prices nocranged. 10,000 boxe*. ExiAaagaaato profit by cunning politicians, are the cause4.AreoogBlUonof theprincipletbat a vessel shallprovokes insolence from the driver, and sour pondent, in moreover, must volunteer to collect tlie faree,merce,purporting to be from its Washington corres- looks from the new comere. Some passenger,as a better loldicrwtio died of prematurelysom nor do we deem it ;to waste Hoes in good demand at ftill fS Kit—andThursday,was caused by an Incemdiary. The losa 1* covered by iaaorance.Aewve^daiiy more threatening. Important^ submis- oflen supplies the place of argument. The the Liberals, and a defence of Miramon so la- succession by every other inmate. The fares the whole economy and morale of civilizationftnperortowards or submit tohavehistoessteppedonInregularatana^to Buasia in the Caucusaa were reported. Senator from Virginia is apparently, and weJudge PaoxHAic, aiwl ttk reaolalloa* of Bar tmit- a^" littleyesterdayofanydescription,andnothingof rather restive personbored and extravagant, that it is impossible to are collected The Senate of the United States accomplished must say, when we consider his theory and avoid regarding them as a timely c(Hnmeatary satisfiedon entering," so that any dis-enemy'sterritoryfrmn the Bapublican Party and its principles. Mr. and if there be any solid comfort concealed in high aualiUes, military aaddvll, which deservedly car, in order to accommodate the new comers, yet these are all departuresMiATS eiiCSk^c. Gataa Haks advancedold FLora quiet at $i SO'SBS 40. WaXAT firm. Coasday, regarding the dangers to be apprehended bles. He undoubtedly possessed great virtues and to force everybody to the forward part of the;ta Ic UoatLX,Wednesday,Jan.4.Wills, of New-York, put in a plea for the adopt- ing of the plurality rule as the only solution of the drad-lock. A long and highly animated conversa- tion followed, at the close of which two ballotsthe comparison we certainly would not grudgeattracted the popular applatue and the geneiml re- spect. His untimely death was one of the many mis- fortunes of his MiaAHOR was his friend andgood footof rides,oneoranotherofwhichwasacceptedin da>8 which no man in his senses wonld brand The same great Prince under whom Bosscrr preached and Fkselon lived the doctrines of Christian love, ordered his gener- als to the Rhenish Palatinate, and turnfirm.CoTTOK m improved demandit him.But wherein that comfort consists wesquai^out from a car thus;sales to-day, 6,SManimositytiniinportant business was transacted, and the Sen-ate adjourned for the week. The House listenedto the reports of the Select Committee in referenceto the anoordioate employes of the body. The ma- it to the common sense of mankin4 ; but let us Mayor Wood may easily atone for many comes slowly, and after a multitude of blunder- of listening to this lady's interpetations alike of RcMlved. That (be Bepnblieaa Party is rret'mlnently jority reported in favor of retaining the number en-areUvond the same number, and the same pay in all moted by the steady maintenance, by men of abatement of the Emigrant Runner nui- at once. A well-known correspondent of theadd we do not thinkormunicipal sbortcomiogs by such an energetic ing experiments. "results.pire, are perpetually inviting to our shores. to wait for the best mode,—cannot affordat some of the bestand the of splendid opportunitiesour em- possiblepublicofmatinees,private housescontemplate.regardsUntitled Document—fvbole coootry, and willallextension, proposesTiemabn's lidicnlous vetoPark appropriation, both he and the City willsoaodingLegidatare waa organixad at Aa-arrangementsdownit is utterlytowntotheshore inviolate in time of war applied to pri- vate property at sea also. There is nothing topreadom;order of theThe Mainegnsta yesteiday. Tmua H. HAnsAS, Of BMfa*^give ophis seat tosomebodybelligerentsday by the rules laid down by the publicists ofinoron his with sound limbs and un- feet,impossible morning,Mi per cent premium.M»a«ArTfvaI ef the Bahealaa.PoKtuBB, Jan.5—1 He., llitttaday,'"^will illuBtrate its tone" MiSAHOS Is Eo yoifng, and kas t>eea for ao short a children stafid no chance whatever in the ance is deciding questions of law which arise PaovnioBs quieu Miaa Poaz, (16 M. Baoaa, tifa.:dull: White,on bills of exchange or policies of insurance. Wbisxt dull and nominal at SSe.PaiLASXLraiA, Jan. S. Thursday.Flocb firm, at f!6 60-315 62f WnaAT steady77t«ie'e, and may think themselves fortunate Ifhas shown hhnself to be not only a better soldier, but they are not run over. Passengers who get abetterman,thananyotherofthelivingnewmen seatskeepthemundertheagreeablevigilancethe down, fall 0' CoHoxroET. There waa a better man as well;, CnicQntAii, ThnradafThe conductor does his beat place. anlegitimate layprices;andisprofoundlyunhappyifa'standing room is left unoccupied, either in tho car or on the platform. The whole journey is a perfect crush from one end of the route toUgatent>iiBnisilgiaallagftsto lie madeGovernment, andas well asto havenh.mhirti of Oonmierce of^memt WB*byprospeii^. above the Common Council snd mingle the ready given fai its adhesion to theae rules, ex- dence in the adeqoate power aad ^(ptectiOB of ttaof adoptixn preciseday.City Railroads aad City Travel.nies which monopolize the present conveyance approach the bloeudad port.of City passengeraf'are practically settling -it-They arc managing the roads and veliicles un-der their control in such a maaner as to make but if it should do so, a vigorous effort ought vana, iBt lust., li«8 arrived. NewsTime and Weather Observatory on thethe subject of sanded cotton, the plan of an inter-nstioaal law with England to prevent the abuse of the Slave States are jnstnow afflicted. If the The question of a Broadway Railroad is ready been wamsd by a cruiser of tha blockading taryofthe Senate; aad FaaaaaiSE A. I>IB% of C^Bt*.Battery,BOtbe list>le to be coodemoed for breachofblocks^,was cboaenSpeaker, and Cbaxim A^ """_ of Roeklaad, Clajrfc of the House.Fram Havof all the apprehension and uproar with whichunless ft from the skip's papers that It has al-Praalilaal,aalSAaaa H. '~~-n. fliiaaappearsmatter up at all or not, remains to be seenNxw-OtLiAn, WedBeaday.Jaair The ateamship De Soto, from New-Yodi wU Ha-the distinctionifP.U. The ateamer aignalized. aa the Bohemim ptoreanow exists and aa a matter oflikeinto GiAHViL, or Bbactoh, or Flbta, for guid-afford a pleasant diversion from the dullness gress and the world,shouldbefound,astlieyprobablywillbe,main- whichIsreportedasfollowsintheBostonAtl*sandButallaxebad. Thereisnotarailroadinthe City whose treatment of the public in these re- spects would be tolerated for a day in any com-" supremocy,bad at last got to work even in the Deaiocratic Par^, but theywere In trouble and didn't hum iskat mittd Hum. Tbey were shaken to their centre to-day by the working of this element aiuaog their masirrSi Tliere was a peculiar state of at Oka;someSpain bythe—the Third of Malta, and mankind by the as-lies inWe must have more Railroads, and then we vention of the United States toshall have them all betterent the accommodation for City travel is ut- terlyinadequate. Itisnotpossibleforall thenotice of roads and all the omnibuses ia town, if theysheuld do their utmost, to carry half the peo-priuclples, not mea—Not at all, it is because they cannot help them- selves. There is no place for them, ortheiword,andaSlaveConstitution aponBut thein rlcbmentof partisan favorites, at the expense of a nack- rupt Treat urj—demand at the hands of the peoj^Ie a for that always New-York. Those who have enjoyed the privilege change of rulers, snd the referm e( abtises which }atnonce,and with the bestbeen continuing them in the very agreeable formWe must havepathos and of humor, will readily indorse the ver-of mlnruls have rendered Itttolerule.champion of the rights of tfaa StaU*. the principle ofinstitutions in Mexico, "byfollowingI[Laogliter.]KapobtieaathatEnglishoff possessionprobably carry sertion of the legitimacy of oflScial piracy, on to the progress of liberty in this country from the Umathese things are necessary to themaritime insupremacy"its turn, is necessarysince " no other power"' (we quote from the:palpable cause are determinedas Utile as80 long as the people consenttostand.TheywillnotprovideimerUdgratHforallsubscribers."ThatIswhatwetlonmseason.ItwasduetotoeSouthaawellaathastart- estly believed that the candid mea there thought ao. The Repabliean* wen to ftaaiih tlie pillar of be, con- ed,'^adoptedthesameprinciple,andinvited-ad- andthecloudwkiehweretolead the natlaa out of Its politicaltiondage. Wemustnotdiaplayacraven weare not gratuitously. In its original prospectus it stat- cravens. A man who vroold display such crirea cowardice would not dnre to Jooh in ih£ glHsa—the In r^,; mirror would say to him, •'You craven tool, how dare you look me in the face !" It was due to ourselves, to oar wives, aad sous, and There is no other wants l)etween traders and those who wished daugUters. that »e asH;rt snd maintain onr princinleEpoisMcappears geijerally independence implied doing legislators be. receive for fares. Tlicy will not provide seats Adtibtibiho GaATiB.—The West African Herald, Slave power meet at Ch&rlestoii snd elect a Piesi-to givehasthisparagraph:.wbichmerelyreslsteredtheedletsoftbeKlox. Thethe companiesAdvebtisino.ofplacedfor the money theytains the foUowIng annoimcement two cars so long as their customers will call a ll|>eral policy.:Advertisemtntt and then thank them for letting na kaow their aeiec- North to elect a Republican Freddeat, asd lie hon-tothethis is a free country, and that everybody discovery having been made that advertisers go in for a dissolution of the Union. Shall theThe reasonlies in the facttliattliis systemwasspeedily discontinued,ifiiil '11whaJ*-'^ tifck,«pr eiSiiiLijBTjee, aor ctmte »z.ttifthreats that ifmagnanimity would destroy the Union, The Union saved ooderAdvertise-like men.we have (ought the Indians bravelyto be Bniiad. andthat it is lost beyond remedy." ^ certain. We give but a mate oatiuie of the Senator's This sentence rolls finely from the pen, but* address, which waa reaetved with repeated demon-standing.admit that the cause ofwassent their of the Slave power apon the rifbu ot free labor *nd freerepublicanism1uggrL-talooMa freeIn the arrn^ant drmand for the reopeoingof thaAfrteafi SIkve-trade; in the claiuor for for struggling Liberty in America to ask help the en wtnent at laws b; Corgrex fBr the proiectioo of tj rend the Union from turret to foundstioa,' uoless »1- very intolerable now for a powerful American Re- lowed to direct its dejtiniee »nd enjoj- its emolamonts forever—force upon ua, in common with the people of all the Free States, tho necesjfty of renewed and united elToiU Id bebalfof freedom, bee labor, and the Union aa"since at has Dodwobth's,in ita mthleasenH Its fraodatsst sale* and fraudulent pDrckasea pahUe propettjr, {ur the edSdict renderedvard, in the Boston Courier, after her debut in that city, that all who heard her " felt themselves in the presence of an intellectual teacher capable of^eeks to uud tha vhilc it of ths vindicate the rlKhts uphohl nnrIftin^"^ "* »•'• ooBfident, «tel-thea an who are oa the Hefcrai ,reluraed from 8t. John, N. B., Sva hours ahead of the time she was ex- policy pected, wbciesbp had beea to load. There are a*nnia.s FireatMartMk.present;70c.a72c; Yelkiw, rsc.; sapplyUMLRed, $1 U««I 3*.lOMc foron tha 4th were 10,000 bales instead of 1,000, aa print-bales[CoaaxcTioa.—The sales of Cotton atiMiudllng.to dissolve thethe dictates of our reaaoo and judgment. If he t>e- liet ed the South was ao cowardly as this, he would^ensUnion,w as fair thus to the election o[ Mr. compel SiwAas:the Dslaved, and inimical to theTeUow,many daogera asanatfontil Allim, Pittsburghgovernment,think SouUiern gcntlemea could mend their The public are noticed (hat all measures pi(sse,ia dramatist capabletioDSlmeans oppose ItRBallroad.The House subsequently de-«eIhofe States in the enjoymentevery privilege guar.questionablefcliowing '-paragrapli:eration.But as things stand now, the mostlingthem with allstrongandhigh passions,and aeffectual relief that we can suggest lies in true lady whom they could perfectly trust i anieed a common Constitutiw.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com\;by 