 mw**-". >«tfJ*«W»«W«,tempt to gt*trid of the whole subject by laying on The Six Hutdred Thousand additional .votes for 'false.as to the letter of the record, .and as evidentlyljpurchase,and now.pre*enting to the world an agri-•Basin*** _fcrfc«*.MMMMMWWMMWMMMMMWWVWMMWWMIWytWtNMSUMMER STYLES.Web*v«BOWonhandanimmensevarietyofallthelatest atyles of Stunnierthe place, o r some other county <claims its " to draw that line which shall allow us all our Charleston should be advocates of his nomination nily mr»re and more dependent on the chances of.I . . . ••tbe miner** preM rotiT.' „tate. [A t- ayrraoiahiM United - _ * •material re-j Slaveiyori'"~T_LH ^UdMr.l consHtuti"deveki«'coort'i] '!wehave!Dou#>aK i .member < enur:ciit<andinXi W e hav,' thatever] QongreoS','OfPennsy beenmet oppo*;«ti«« 3_tet»i»inf ^poiied Lh peated\j•. Thea;, canvas**i our olo turned 11.„Jcondition'."slave-tradetherein." ' Wereply: Mr.Lincolnneverdidanysuchtoembarrsss.theactionofsuchofhisfriendaas Forallthi*,however,thereisaremedy;and/CAMI-XKK S e n t , Gosa_KX- KI-A^SKI. 8urr»,Gxoa DxLAINKSUITS, . PAr>nitoLxxxx SOITS,DUCK SriTS, . DXAnD>ETKStrrrs,LCSTXX SUITS, BATHI^TO SCITB,YACHTUTO SOIW, &C, &C,boin? manufactured with great taste, will b e sold at the lowest figure*. «DXVLIX, Htn>sox & Co.,Nos. 258, 349, and SCO Broadway.OFFICERS OF THE GREA T EASTERN.—If thesed-tt-gaiahedgentlemenVk«OUTadvice,theywillignoretheir bt-av>>„\«lcapswhileInthisdty.•and supplythemselves with thas*lightandelegantdarnm«rMATSandOAJ»*forwhichKxox ia famous. A t (No. ili Broadway, thoy will tod a superb as- aomneat. ^ _ _ _ " -DfcGROOT's Granite Hall, No. 142 Folton-st.—Open Komth o f July, a t No. 1 « fmton-st. Summer CLOTHING marked down at at iSo. 142 Folton st. Closing out Summer Stock «t __t>*o«/i'*, Oiauite Hah, next door t o Fulton-st. Hotel,Institute,onMondayeveningnext.Itisneedless ispermittedtodisplacehalf,ornearlyhalf,the ir.True,'whenthe"motiontoreconsiderwas 8lderationitthispledge,promisedtoabandontheJ1842—findingthereiDthegreatfact,thatwhileourWHJ___IB. 6c WILSON'S SEWING-MACHINES.•»Wepreferwemforfamilyaee.w—fTrfbwno.M - t a r ant the _»orite* for fa_dttee."—fT__es.especial excitement was caused at the distance of ablockfromthesceneoftheaffray.let us show that w e regard all who stand'with us A motion was made to lay the motion to reconsider nthepresentcontestasbrethren,selectingcan- theresolutiononthetable. Mr.Lincoln,atthisbefore performing in full himself.body pushed Mr. John Stryker from the platform of the Syracuse Convention. The rhiecreant was7stage; appealed to the mover—not to the House—Inthecaseofthe.UnitedStatesagainstGeo. fidenceinourmagnanimitywhichitisourdutyto towithdraw'hismotion..Heurgedhimtowith- saidtobeaWood-Hard. Thereupon,instanily, think,'beregardedasaqueetionofcivilization,;, " breath "for Stt «' towiti-The Jo«'licariis] yroporal ridge, ;i>< electoral* licaneha rate we: ingdist(incobere- ngainsr a made or •difficultyofthetl the burg; we hope Lettije i Unit*, ,1. foe g r at a f g a t a!iticai.'xr!TEDMA(JBp«^iai/_ -.. . -•" • ' / ' • •The!feh'gr.11mails hayrstrr'dir stand.bing tb*; lerbilt und««: l thepv**,Di\ v ,i <wtou- . terms wIt'Mi •frilth^dthere xthe Pre ttied.:.ai itstake apiy wa •.; Farideri'metkt' «.'ift'i'!i*''[tlCKtUS c-UiinA'.ot':. iascro a out abrvly a Thepaid'o |years.Sev.-Viir Ada-J.-lThe qwith C«jrice.!r< of .1,;^t< sn M ; Strvic-fiTo' fUld U'.hito*Aa«J ;i:i>Ol T-.JtTtus< ;ral woo itivthJ16>s"ur:ii.rt;'un<;'.eTut- Couiuiit:cket jbpeid.v'.i ;;ion he iilliauce :tion stal .patrio'i ranee wi They h ;;hrv;itiTlThet Philade Cen.Lt hehti$eoouu< A bJTi:e i;it>\wl camp:^liformyPoat^O-tce addx«*M, Box No. 3,600.Offieo, No. 606 Broadway, New-Y ork..didates in some cases, expi'essly to justify that con-LawandGustavusG.Conover;sureties,efIsaac inspire. Wearestillexposedto.anadversema- drawthemotion,notpermanently,butmerelyto theSoftleaderssentforDickinsontocomeinand jindasa.greatandmomentaryquestionfortheing invriii seetheJ< fcedside—Aleck M< shall, i... imagine t long li*t <" d o , Jiin•"UP?"moreperI".willirhl - i ' I . • !" crow* i •,j•|GROVJ-R__BAKER'SNOIS_U5SSLOCK-STITCH AMJ> SHCTTXK SXWIXU-MACUIXXS.O. H . COJLILINS, No. 880 Broadway.FAMILY S-WIMU-MAVHIXXS. TH* BXST lx Usx.No, 495 Broadway, New-York.ivholeUnion. i50R E W A R D . — R A N A W A Y from t h e sub-629 BROADWAY,Nxw-Yoxx. «v • ' PROBoxo Pu»x.ico.•529ment of the fact that Fowler was a defaulter at if possible also in California and Oregon; and even " W. P ." refers to, of which he gives a section, and made sport for his old foes. As he turned his ase, with ashot in bis right wrist on the inside o f t h e annj if not extracted, has a small scar over one o f his'eyes, n o t recejlec.ted thetimeoftheexecutionofthebond.The.Judge thenwemustwaitfor1863togiveusaclear andbecauseofwhichhesays: "Wegibbeta backuponlife-longfriends,thesepoliticalPhilis-.which,haslargeeyes,teethsoundinfront,betwe«npojin—of {shoulders Id inches, rather thin from Breast toBack, rather tinesleeredandjeered,whisperingtooneanother (stoopedshouldered,hasarockingWalk,inclinedtorundownhia shoes,hiisseveralncarsontherightlegandthigh,hetnake*THXB_Aimyr;_ E-_UTICTMK N X W IstPuorxD . MaouUtiuxe- byheldthatfitwasduetothedefendants thatthisuao. B.S-OAT—Co.,And ror sale, at whole«aie and retail, ut prices unsarpossed for •oelectai_>-l_a__e_Airtt,h_i-:H,uudacooutpa-iodwituap•r!.:eting ensnared theiroldenemy, lesseradversaries fellan easy prey.fourths of the delegation, and passing a resolution* lfenjiion if taken out of thin State, or Twenty Five Dollars i fbo* makesto>gaxloi— be«t Sort Soap, b y <~t»plv adding hot watei, 9 1 per box. IuberaJ discount to grocera. No. TO Waahiugton-st.WHISKY^—S. T . SUIT'S KENTUCKY SALT JKIVERBouxxox, sold byslll>ruggists. HKUKXAX At Co., Mo*>. Itil, 3JW, 5U, and liti Broadway, N . Y .FOURTH OFJULY.Don't burn youroeli, but tf y»u do, uneDr. TOBIAS'S VBXXTIAX LlXistxxT, and il it dun* n o t cure y o u quicker Uian anything else, do not p»v for it. Ualy 25 cents. Sola b y all the Ora^guu.Jb'ouRiH O F JUL Y .Many are apt t o get the Dyseutery, Diarrbea, or Colic, about thUTtiiue. LseDr._v_iA»sVxxxrrtAXl>ixixBXT. Itwillcure you. and only ooat 25 ccuU. Ho pa^ if it oyer fail*, no matter _ow bad you are. Sold by all the Oruggiatu.T H E ti^ERj-OSCOPlC EMI'OHIUM. _- A_TJUOXT, No. 501 Broadway.Caqtogaea aent oo receipt o f Stamp. Photographic materials J0C•mntenxa a—d the trade. /V w w s or RXSIBKXO-I AXB OUT-DOOR OXOXTTA T-XXX. Li-ON's MAGNETIClonger,ous influence affects all the operations of nature; nothing more. If Virginia may hav*_ the right to ness -except Auburn Birdsail, the Sage of the"'Sus- pretensions, has cleverness enough to invent so1.VJAI;T PoWP-it. Theoldandamyarticle toextermiaatemay be the means of not merely securing our tri- motives, leaves. the northernmost point of the vision of section five, adds, " N o wonder M r. toward a Slave Code. While Democrats _|te:_e happy proletaries of the sweet South. IfA_ts, Oarden Insects, _ c , witliout Poison. -vox's MAoxsmo FIXU__t»radxtato ftate, Mice, aud all Vermis.Uc. deered by contract. Baaxxa k. PAJBX, NO. 13 rark-row,UnitedKingdomofScandinavia.Thegoalofthe"Lincolnisunwillingtomakeany,oppositiontoewereaNorthernwhitemanandmechanic,oneBemvM of __tutionaPAINS IN THE BACK, BR-AST, AND SIDEfalo in 1848 ; while John Van Buren, and Ludloijv, ijathersideoftheborder. ,relieved instantly by using BHIUI'S MAOIC CKXAM LI.VIMKXT. 'X h_> —rttoie doc« not soL or greaoe the ci»the« Sold at No. 186 Oireiiwiuii-it.; Ones, turner tlowery and Urand-st.; Con.ixu-There was never before a time so favorable as th e panyit, as well as the generous and provident com- Such misrepresentation as this.is to be accountedpresent to making a wholesome and durable im- pleteness of its outfit, give promise of a noble and for only on the supposition that some malignant and Cagger were denouncing the CompromiseMrs.WiNSLOW,__. szpertsiiced JNux»e and Fentale Phystch-.n, has a SoerxiXScratic party has just been rent in twain by the tween Greenland and Grinnell land as the readiest of his name.to a statement which he had never Kansas-Nebraska bill so late as the AutumnjbfBedBags, Roaches,umphinKovember,butofmakingthattriumph complete and enduring. They are briefly these:WrightandBentonwereresistingTexasannex1ac-6idywereerectingtheFree-Soilplatform at.Buf- ljutthat,weknow,isathingtheyneverdoontheNow, on one of his eyvs is " a small scar." Is earnest rivalry. That theory, which may bo called and unscrupulous person has imposed upon " W. measures of 1850 ; while the entire Soft.wingJof his also from a shot ? Did a part of the chargoBtdldings, Ships,Swedish-Norwegian expedition is aleo the North " the Fugitive Siave bill! No wonder the Chicago tion m 1844, because it would enlarge the area of f our unhappy "mud-sills," we should think he\T OW e cannot undertake t e retora reiected Commanloattoai.ttoa, but aa axnaran^r for his good faith. Btwines*lettersforTHXTRIBUXH•henld-t ailoasesbead-dressedtoHOKAOXG«xxtorrfeCo. .C0RMS8P0NVSKT8,place under the windows of this office, and was of so .eiious a nature that if it had occurred in Paris orVienna,allEuropewouldhavegonecrazyovera Million and a Quarter votes for Fremont, and must now. poll about Two Milli >ns for Lincoln.to have known that the largest charity had alwjtys classifiedthosewithwhom.hewasnowdealing,Iwriters. • amongpoliticalsharpers,whoscrupledatnomeans 1between_\assao-»t.aAhroadw«y. , "_be NEW STORE of BALL, BLACK & Go., is thenewsofanotheremeute. InNew-York,though ourticketmustmainlybecast bymenwhoin'56that above described by both French and EngliahX^j^^*^^ings are generally, large,, and animated by the bestspirit; their organizations a r e mainly in a goodstateofforwardness, andtheirTanksfreefrombit- especiallyin their connectionwith thegreatGulf terness or disaffection. That our leading candidatesareable,-worthy andpopular,isnot permittedtocover the association with them, of local candidateswho are otherwise; but in every quarter anxietyis felt to effect such State and minor nominationsas will strengthen, not weaken, our National ticket.And these efforts are very generally crowned withsuccess. j . ,'.nor any of those appliances whose utility has been There are a few points to which wo would draw demonstrated by extended experience.\ self in that particular spot. Neither is it 1very he had submitted to fifteen leading citizens of the Wilmot Provh-o, he introduced into the Senate! a ||kely that he could have been shot by any of hisI. Jmproxt the'opportunity to bring importantandNo. 424Bro»dway, andsoldbyailDrugg_U and Grocers. truthshometomindshithertounconsciousofthem.— physicistsand experienced explorers whoaccom tions!" ...pressureuponitofwhatitswritersandoratorsB:»' r XOA CuXL.o&xx. TXKT_IX<*. which greatlv facilitates the have been accustomed contemptuously t o charac- posing theory, which may bo styled European, that ready to believe.when those New-York politicians who have just ireaeh here in the walls ?peooeee v£ T*«»thlux by »©fleuiug t h e gui_i and reducing alliu-5s_Maadea—willallayallpain'audiasoretoregulatetheDowels. terizeas"theNiggerquestion."HencetheypointstothewatersaroundtheIslandofSpitzber-.;£tependuponIt,—iot—era,itw_1givere«ttoyouraelves andre- lief and health to your iu/ant*. Perfectly-safe In all case*.Milll-n» of bottle* are vvld every year in t—• United States. It is an old and well*trled remedy.' Exit,- v x u 25 CXXTS A BoTrxx.None f*acd_e unless tbo fac i>_u_e of CrxTis i. Pxxxrxs,New-York, i* on the outside wrappex.Sold by Druggists throughout the world. •dictatedprinciplesandcandidatestotheBaltimoreConvention were fomenting agitation against :li any o n e should ask us what in our opinion, an inevitable element of o u r National Politics, •rrived at by an iniptcrt—J test, waa the beat and most houeatsearch. The earlier efforts of that nation which in the affections of a large, body of*friends all friends, has steadily followed the flag, and kept•ouipoand xexuedy for preset ving a n d beantifymz the hair, and cestoring gray hair to it* original color, and tlte locks to the bald- headed,weshouldwithoutnesitationsayProf.O.J.WOOD'S £LAJ—c KXSTOXATXVX. S e e advertise—ient in another column.—which no soothing sirup of Compromise, no emol-. has made itself conspicuous above all others in thewill be compelled, in spite of their prejudices, to gen as the ea&ieet entrance to the Polar Ocean,will thus, both at the same time, be submitted to]>AIV_EE S . DIX'I-SIYSON.Mr. Dickinson supports Mr. Breckinridge. This Slavery, and openly or covertly coalescing withI,"Ontherightlegandthigh,"also,thereare •j several scars." Possibly, gun-shot. That they ire on the -right side, also, favors that supposition,comprehend that this "Nigger question'' is not created nor evoked by theunwarrantable intermed-to their relationship to each other.before t h e Mills Theological Society, b y the Rev. J . M. Man- has had a long spell forward; Free Labor is about sound the bays, lay down the islands, and mark in the Baltimore Convention of 1844, he hasSezmon b y President _tbpktx_; Addles* o n Sunday evening,from Van Buren to Polk with such hearty alacritytrayed him a t Baltimore.Wtamuday morning—Annual meeting of the Aluoa- effects thus p/oduced will b e felt throughout t h e »i; diacouree by the-Kev. Wm. B. Sprxgue. D D., ofAlbany; Evemng—Oration before the Phi Beta Kappa next generation. Society, by the lion. B. ¥. Thomas, LL. D., of Boston,lateJudgeoftheSuperiorCo/artofMassachusetts. II.BoallinyourpoicertostrengthentheRepub'l'hurtday—Commencement. •Meeti_„e «re appointed for the classes of 1810,1820,plants. Thus i t is, that as man is more and mora of their country upon that spot which marks the even for an hour in aught but the " regular'' ser- enabled to obtain command of the services of irprJ,northern termination of our earth's axiB.__;ts among them, and Samuel Cooper, M. D ., [not very close behind him,thechancesof Commissioner for a ten dollar fee will be, in thatnail: As Littleton makes " some protect- ion to proper language, as he can read.and1826,18-0, im, 1840,1850, and 1857licanphalanxin.thenextCongress.-—Tothisend, it is eminently desirable that the ablest, most ex-commanding,theFrencharmyinSpain., [write,"-a pretension andaccomplishment to [ With us, the course of affairs is directlyithe (jiieh, it is very clear, the D r. himself has noMr. Dickinson's name will be a tower of strength reverse of this, the total consumption of iron, Ml- :file, we should not bo willing to guarantee that .'.:"•'<•,; '\turn. In view of the momentous issues dopending on the composition of the next Congress, such con-againstMason, a n d y e t save t h esiderationsa r e Republicandespicable.spare fromCouldt h ecauseafford toMr. Lincoln, in order to introduce this* bill, r e -a quested the House to reconsider the vote"instructingtheCommitteeontheDistrictof ingoinginpersontoSyracuseontheoccasionofr domestic commerce, on the part of the pcopWoff, ho grain-growing States, is declining with a rapid- tyunexampledinthehistoryofairycountryojf't_#fBOWopen andthepublic«reinvitedtoaoinspectionoftheUrge. sixmenwerewoundedwithpistol-shots,andas supportedFillmore©rBuchanan. Letusmeet,»tockofnown_uUMUIIIUIgovdsotlefedforsale. No.565audt67 Broadway, coaer ©t Irine-at. _ ___ _ > ' many more injured with blows aud brickbats, no then, every amicable overture more than half way; which such a charge can be based? Simply this: receive their first installment of the joint compactreal facts of the case, and who know how abundant 18ironoreinourownState,andinatleastthree- fourtha o f the other States, i t must always, aa w©to investigate the phenomena of the Arctic curreuts,»>1^^«Wv«l'*»A^«»*9a»^!WW^ia^^^^iKg,v%$m^mm-msww gsfptie m•far ¥.;-»" 5 fill,.-«*W*«^.- :•I *^fe^i^f^WEDNESDAY, JULY 4,W^*»^^? m IVEW-YORK DAILY I^IBIJNfi,«paltry, impertinent,hiinjuntrarameled.name and address of the writer—not necessarily for pubb'o*- at the elbows, the Homestead bill uhpassed, the " Columbia to report a bill for abolishing the the State Convention. H is presence only..tended orld...'. •,...;. •••-.•,' I •NonoticecanbetakenofAnonymous_o_mamo*tloi_..ever iaintended for insertio- must beauthenticated bytheWhat-Colfax,&c,whiletheNationalFinancesareoutthe House such men as Messrs. Shennah, Grow,Mr. Dickinson'sfiVsterror wasMailServiceinastateofanarchy,andtherespon-sibibilityofdealingauthoritativelywithallthesetopics about, to devolve on our side 1 Could new thing. He neither requested the House to recon- sharp, reckless partisans who led the Softs in that ppres that shall secure to our people a cheap ftnifwereshrewdandboldenoughtocopewithjfche xhatrertedymaybefoundintheadoptionofmea«- TheHon.CHARLESSUMNERhasbeeninvited menquiteasableandworthyevenhalffillthe sideritsvote,nordidhemakeanymotiontothat contest. Oncethere,heshouldneverhavetaken jibundantsupplyofthemostvaluableand|nipor-*by the Young Men's Republican Union to address a step toward fulfilling on his part their common" places of those we have named? Ever}' intelligent effect.. On the contrary, when, presently the m o-tant of all metals—ifon. What are those meas- the citizens of New-York on politics, and having person must know they could not.,And it will tion to lay the motion to reconsider on the table compact until they 'bad performed on theirs. ures? For an answer to the question, we needand a complete stock, i n evvry variety of latest styles o f Tie*, accepted the invitation, will speak a t the Cooper* prove a public misfortune if "rotation in office" was acted upon, he voted with the majority against They bad agreed that one-half tbe delegation] to but to look to tbe history of the protective tariff of Ctavats,SummerUnderWear,Shirt*,&c,Sec,allofwhichto say more to insure a great audioncc. There arefewmeninthecountrywhom themasses willso Republicanswhoholdseatsinthepreseat House. reachedhevotedinitsfavor,butwhen,soonafter,district, mode of choosing delegates, and to opeolysurely throng to hear as Mr. Sumner.Twoofoiircityfirecompaniesexercisedtheirprerogativelastevening,byindulginginabloodyand disgraceful street fight. T h e combat took ways in mind the fact that we polled but few overthe queetion came up ia a new aspect, under anWe bespeak the earnest and vigilant attention of disinterested Republicans"to tbis vital matter.jnppulationhadincreasedJesathanfifteenpercent, give in his adhesiou to the new coalition. Injad-, Jtbe consumption of iron for agricultural and man- amendment which 'changed the phraseology of vance of the' meeting at Syracuse, he abandoned ufacturing purposes had almoet trebled. Had'that theoriginalresolution,whichwasbymany the district programme.'There hoshouldtariffeenmaintainedtothepresenttimejweIH. Finally,Leteverythingbedonetoehcourag*accessionsfromourformeradversaries.—Bearal- t_oughtobjectionable,Mr.Lincoln'svoteisagainjorityinthenextSenate, whichwe must do our enablehimtoreadanamendmentwhichheshouldNo. 182 Fnlten-st, Brooklyn. tion for arrest -of execution, Judge Betts yester- utmost to diminish if not overcome. W e must attempt to.introduce, if the vote on the original bulent ally. In an evil hour, and despite'ihcV. Fowler, late Postmaster of this city, on a mo-G . B . SLOAT & C o .'s CELEBRATED ELLIPTIC day decided that there was a serious charge against hold our own in Illinois, Iowa,. New-York and resolution—instructing the Committee—should be warnings of cautious advisers, the Samson of ithe•SXWI.N'O-MACHIXB. SHCTT__ MACKIXX9,that " Scripture Dick" was caught a t last? Hav- some pretension iu proper language an h e c o n Read, Write and •the Post-Office Department, namely, the conceal- Termont, and gain in Pennsylvania, Indiana, and reconsidered. This amendment was the bill whichscriber near Double Sprinpa P . O ., Oktibbeha, Co.. an., on the 8th in»t, my negro Boy LITTLETON, aaid|boy ia. Hunkers entered the temple of tbe Barnburners, of Copper Colour, about 5 feet 5 inches high, about 37 year* ofmajorityintheSenate,through,further accessions "Northern hound to-day,side,byside withthe shouldbethoroughlyinvestigatedbeforetheexecu- fromNew-Jersey,Indiana,andMinnesota.Let "infamousMasonofVirginia." The.readeris tion was levied, and he ordered th e trial of tw o every Republican realize, therefore, that the ardu- left to infer that Mr. Lincoln attempted to get the issues—oneoffact,beforeajury;theotherof ouslaborofreplacingtheFederalGovernmenton virtualprohibitionoftheslave-tradeinthe.Dis- thegoodoldtrackwillrequirepersistentefforts, trict,justpassed,rescinded,thathemighttheaiid tAi guara—ty of the- etbedency. uoou J-ocul Agent wau^jd. law, as to concealment by the Post-Office Depart-LKWIS O. UX-KA, ment—defendants meanwhile to give $200,000 struggles, sacrifices, and that each must do his more effectually and emphatically provide itWithJj.TheobovoRewardwillbegiventoanyPersonforbis|appre-MILWARD'S NEEDLES,y o aH HKX1XK it WlL80S*_SKWIXO-MACIUXKS-These Needles art? mad«- by baud, aud o f the best double-refined__?!:•— Cast bteel, aud V AKit- iT»_» »UTXKi»m TO A U OT~_K». J. FKKI>. .Ml-WAKD,No.31VVarren-»e.,New-Yoik.i P . M.—Ploose put up in some conspicuous placo. j • Mr. Lincoln, let it be remembered, asked his the prestige of* Dickinson's indorsement "of You. dam black scoundrel do y o u know any thing about thisoigger . 'withtowishtoignorethefactthat"weknow tiontotheArcticSeaswillsetsailfromBoston. theslave-tradewasreconsidered.Nowthisprop- transaction,wepronouncedthetreatmentofMr. weputitinthemost"conspicuousplace''weThe litjle vessel which carries the en-the Presidency.That is to say, he never gave a vote against Slaveences calculated to render their task less difficult,caie of the emancipated.•Thif proposition, Mr. Lincoln proceeded to say,Senate. E re Cass wrote the Nicholson letcer, and while Douglas was cequetting. with theand desolate region. I t cost a century of toil to- ;;',.« HOWTOHAVECHEAPIBOX.band,ofTroy. Tuesday,July31,Orationbeforethe.Alumni, andTariffMilssonearlypassedbyCongressatitsbytheRev.H.M.Field,ofTheNew-York Slvinvjcliat, amt>m-htsz of the Cia*» of 1828, and a Povm by Charles N . Emerson, of late session. Democrats of forty years, who have their greatest commercial activity, sought ern allies. All along through the stormy years, t< become in England a real science, iu which iron,Behring'sStraits. TheDutch,inthedaysof SouthernDemocracyhavemadeupontheirNorth-i]lepperedareunknownamongus,exceptitboof "Agriculture,"saysaFrenchjournalist,"Id's jHusts. ArementhususedinMississippi?..'•'New-YorkCity,oftheClassof1840. Tuesday, p.m.,Oration openedtheireyestothehalf-truthsofDouglasism sometimesforanorth-western, sometimesfor whenthestaroftheWilmotProvisowasinthe ubefore the AdVJpbic Union-Society, by George Sumner, of —whoatlengthrealizethatthe Southcanasktoo inallitsforms,playsanimportantpart. •' * IBoston. Tuesday evening, the Prize Bhtftorical Exhibition. a north-eastern route to the Indies. The ascendant, and when Wright and Dix bowed to " Among our neighbors," as he further says, "the jertainly hear from us if we hear from Lit. Butfaheasto.theintentionsoftheman. What,then,wasthecourseofMr.LincolnonItisusualtospeakofprotectiontoironaaa tosecuretheirends. Heshouldhavewaitedto Pennsylvaniaquestion,butbythosewhostudytherto. 5_y Broadway£Wow-l"ork. security to abide any judgment obtained by the utmost to secure that beneficent consummation. a stringent law against fugitive slaves. Let us see. fourtb, the Softs went to Charleston with ! Double Sp:ing« April 17, lttCO. SAMUEL COOPER, M . D .United States against them.T H E CANVASS B E F O R E U S .With n o desire to incite undue confidence, a n d carried out, the third important American expedi- urge as an amendment, if the resolution prohibiting izement a*.d his destruction. At the time of; ithe hnd, in accordance with the request in the PJ. ilf.,POLiRcolleague to withdraw his motion, simply that h o .BESBAKCH.To-day, if the programme of the committee be might read the proposition which he intended to in fact they were only seeking their own aggrand-'•notwhataday-maybringforth,"wemuststill Itstwopredecessors,althoughthescientificachieve- ositionisabillofeightsections,ofwhich"W.P." DickinsonatSyracuseoneofthemostbrazen knowof. Weregrettobeobligedtoinformour J Qa—%i. a>2 Ou i o Quart.... $ 3 30 regard the election of Lincoln and Hamlin as mor- ments of the second one deserve an honorable men- quott s one. The purpose of this bill was the abo- esteemed correspondent—if we may use that en-BROWN'SCONICAL3-MINUT_FREKZERS.4 Cit_ut. ....••••• •....... 25o[8 Qu<tJt............... 450 frauds in the annals of political chicanery. But,OXO.W.biio\v>,Mauur_oturer,No.221Pe_rl-st N._. allycertain. Ofcourse,werealizethattheRe- tion,originatedinasentimentofphilanthropy. litionnotme>ely.oftheslave-trade,butofSlavery tbeperfectnoncJtalanccwithwhichCagger&,Co.,dearingterm—SamuelCooper,M.D.,thatnoneBATCJ-ELOKB HAIR Dx&t WigandToupee publicans-mightthrowawaythevictorysomani- ThemissionofDr.Haysispuielyandexclusively itselfintheDistrictofColumbia,providedama-afterobiainingpowerandpositionathishands, ofthe"damscoundrels"ofanycolorintbises-X*C-A,Z•, No. lb -wild-*- Private entrance for ladies. The t>ye vpp'.Wiu the ik>-Ug_: row-*.BARKY'S'TRX-UPJU-ROUS i» the boot a_d cheapestfestly withiu their reach by allowing confidence to scientific, promising no direct benefit to- any class jority of the people should cast their votes in favor tablishment, have any knowledge whatever of th e whistled his Presidential aspirations down thevtiak fox-TtM«fa«.-e*ut-ylug.Cles-itiug,Corling,Preserving.. 0adBostOjgag.theH»i«. i-diea,tryiU SoldbyDruggists.SPAj_uANt>'S pRjb-*ARea> GLUE. 'J -rrarybody ahoiuu _»/o a bottle. "—(Tribune.Jr'o— _*__ KV*«IW_K_—.ibuzo—>ot—:eO O ; —- C . Sr_jMHO k. Co., No. 4S Csdar-at.preclude effort; b u t w e see no evidence on anysidethattheyproposetospendthenextfour advancementofscience.Itisintended,should showingthegeneralpurportofthebill,ispre- lineofaudaciouscheating,findfewparallelseven the"Boy,"whoisaboyat37yearsofage.Ifweof mankind beyond that which results fromthe of such a measure. The 5th section, so far from wind atCharleston and Baltimore, will, in the " nigger" Littleton, whois copper colored, nor of monthsincountingtheirunhatchedchickens,or noinsurmountableobstacleintervene,toreachthe ciselythatportionofit.fromwhichthecharacter in.thechroniclesofhofse-jockies,thimblo-riggers, (hearofhim,however,wepromisetolettheDr.in quarreling over their apportionment. On the North Pole; to ascertain the character of the of the rest would never be guessed. It was merely•. ' ' . '-'\ know. And being thus candid with that gentle- man, having thus done all we can for him, under the Mr. Dickinson is hot a great man. We are not /circumstances, in advertising this errant, and un-aware that anybody ever suspected him of great- ; ! idoubtedly, ungrateful fugitive, who makes so manypartly from moral, but chiefly from surgical mo- tives. .••.•'<How came there to be a shot iu Littleton's iright jwrist on the inside of the arm 1 The Boy, w o presume, is not trusted with fire-arms, andJif he were, we do not well see how he could shoot] him-contrary^ w e have never known a party morewatery domain which surrounds it; to study the intended to put the District on a footing with all movements of that subtle magnetic power whose the States in regard to " fugitives from service,"willing to work, a t so early a stage of the canvass,B. T. BABXUTT S Coueeut-atedSopT SOAP.—One than the great mass of them now are. Their meet- laws are still so ill understood, and whose mysteri- when Slavery should no-Jr - ,v• .-1--.,"'.. *'-•<••'•• Me weather—that bad crop seasons become more equent—rthat our farmers become* less independ- We will try to answer. The firstcharge is that or prevented i^s adaption, and thus left his sttp- nt—-and that the power to maintain either foreign"indignation" fame of their (the Republicans') candidate."to the Presidency, and/that the other half shouldiiot b e personally unfriendly to him.porter8 in the delegation free to act and vote jforhave taken his stand until his half |ofrecorded' in the negative against a second at- the delegation was vouchsafed to him. IjHe Underexisting circumstances, we can afford to ,knew that his bitterest enemies had never chargedthe table. " W . P ." has thus asserted what is him with violating his w->rd of honor. Heodght j culture, growing by aid of manufactures, similar tomake a speech, and denounce Wood and his tur-existtake her runaways in Boston, there is no "good rea- quehanna, and the man from North Carolina wjio jmany tales, and is covered with s o many scars—the particular attention of Republicans in every Simultaneously with its departure from our District, who all approved of it. " W, P." refers series of resolutions avowing doctrines in advance ompanions when sporting, as recreation of that .Quarter, in the confident hope that' such attention shores, another company, impelled by the same to this fact, and applying it to the exceptional pro- of Popular Sovereignty, and tending directly ort, we believe, is' not a favorite in his class ofWe reiterateourpromise—Dr.Coopershall" •I Wednesday, Aue—*t 1, Commencement Exereises. The exer- much—that she is not always the victim of North- energy of the-Russiaos was employed in tracing the the gale, and even M.aroy and Bronson bent before our report may not be as mollifying to the Doctor'scises ofthisan_ivtxaary promise tobeunuanalJy Joterenting. ernencroachmentandfanaticism—caneasilybe icylimitsoftheirterritories,andsucceededinsail- "smokeoflocomotives,andofsteam-en<rines.Ix-The inatitutlon waa never more _our_hiug. T h e Natural His- i'„ Dickinson, on the floor oJ the Seriate, stood erect " hibits itself in the fields as well as in the fackl- (Jutraged feelings, as his salve, we do not permit tory Society has just dispatched a large delezation o f their nam- induced to open them still wider and see more; ing along those boundaries from th e Atlantic to and immovable. On the other.hand, Wood has been " ric's, iron pipes carrying to great distances urselvoa to doubt,/ha« always been to the wounds her, under charge of one of the Professors, to the Coo.it of Green- Now is the time to make the whole truth plain to the Pacific. But now the scene of Arctic effort island, for Mineralogi/.a! and Botanical discovery. Thf-y will re- thousands of minds hitherto obstinately closed totally changed; The definite knowledge obtained turn in the Autumn. i <Democracy from the time he became conspicuous asagainstit;andweentreatthosewhohavelong concerningthefateofFianklinhasputanendto apolitician.Intheseverestruggleof1848, ""alltheir'variousforms." Thatthisis$c,COMMENCZME.VT W_KK AT XALE COLLKGE.—Com- labored and hoped-for this auspicious day to im- all expeditions upon a large scale"to the Northern ho hung on the wings of both factions; no one. familiar with the course of affairs in mencement at Yale College occurs Thursday, July 26. prove it to the utmost. Read what your Demo- Regions of America, and terminated the first pe- in the famous feud of 1853 he sided withjead; and his laudable anxiety to get to the Black The previous exercieex of the week are as follows: cratic neighbors have to offer bearingon the present riod in the history of Arctic exploration. Hence- the Softs, reporting th e resolutions in their England can even for a moment doubt. Being so, ^publicans shall be gratified, if we fall in with* Sunday afternoon—Baccalaureate sermon by the interesting juncture in our public affair!?, and ask The Loyidon Times has been enabled to assureitjs Eev. G. _*. i luher Livi_gston, Professor of Divinity. forth the labors of the hypeiborean navigator will branch of the State Convention of that year; andhi, for he shall go at once to the headquarters of Evening—DiscoursebeforetheYaleMission_rySoci- themtoseehowthematterlooksfromour{pointof nolongerbeconfinedtothevicinityofthenorth- hehasonlyprofessedtobea"Hard"whenhis-readersthatEnglishfarmershavebecomealmofjt 10nearestRepublicanClub. Theyarelaw-abid-etyvbvtheRev.J.P.Thompson,D.D.,ofNew-York. 'tvesday ttflemovn—Two-hundredth anniversary of the Hopkins Grammar School; historical dJ9course b yown'aggrandizementseemedtodemandsucha' entirelyindependentofchancesandchanges.ofitjhj3weather—deep ploughing opening up the earth !t!>view. Tothisend,haveafewofthebestSpeechesTille,Conn. • suchexchangesshallbegeneral; andthegood thetwooceans,butwillbereadytorewardwit- sometimes sorely tempted, hashadnomore whosepresencewouldendanger thehealthI:|dfand Documents,always on hand, and be ready toerncontinentalcoast-lines,butwillbebestowedgmen,andwillrenderdueobediencetotheupon the unknown sea which those coast-Hoes in-the Bey. Leonard W. Bacon of Litchfield. Evening— give and receive. Thousands may be permanently close. Governments will cease to offer prizes for a Swiss, a Dugald Dnlgetty, fighting under th e enable it to absorb the rain that falls,- while almost >. their consciences ancl reason. But if Littletoncourse. I n a word, he has been a mere skirmisher,Cvncioad clerufny by the Kev. C. W. Cfctpp of Rock- enlightened and convinced in -_ny State where the discovery of an impracticable passage between flag that would pay best; while Dickinsou, though universal drainage carries off tin; surplus moisture!fugitive Slave law, when properly brought homemerited honor those who shall first plant the flag thought, through his long life,, of lifting his bladeA N E W MISREfREHEIVTATIOIV.Candidate*lor-dmiseion to the College are exam- perienced, most effective Members of the present A late number of The Liberator, M r. to the Breckinridge and LaneTtiCket, from the side of mere rtilroad bars, being little more novfc Mjjne,rough fellows in this neighborhood might not,ined on the Monday and Tuesday preceding Com- House be returned if possible. We note with con- Garrison's paper, contains an article un- Hudson to Lake Erie, and from the Mohawk to witl probably 33,000,000 of people, than it waa I t J they caught the two together, give up the M. D. ' • 2_encement. . cern that a number have already been superseded der the well-known initials of M r. Wen- the St. Lawrence. When the Democracy met at the date of the passage of the Tariff act of l$i$,the copper-colored as a fugitive from justice, with : dther more readiness than they would hand overjfeBoytotheM.D.asafugitivefromlabor.Not jttt wo approve of such conduct, but w e think eremightbesomedispositiontosuchbehaviori iong the rougher sort of the " dam scotuidrels.,, (TheHon.StephenA.Douglasthusoracularlyg HAVZRFOBD COLLJECK.—Prof. Stuart of Girard Col- or permitted to decline a reflection—that Speaker dell Phillips, in which Abraham Lincoln is Syracuse one year, ago to select delegates to when our population but litile exceeded 20,000,lege will ddivor an address before the Literary Socie- Pennington hesitates to serve another term—that designated as " the slave-hound of Illinois." Charleston, he held the destiny of the Softs in his ties at naverford College, Pa., on Wednesday evening,That quantity too, as we have shown, is subje July4.TheMrvonlanniversariesoftheSocietiestake thTeeofthefourMembersfromMichiganhave Thechargeisbasedupontheallegedfactthaton hand.TheinfluencewhichRichmond,Ludlow, deduct.or.8onaccountofthegreatoxtensio.place on the 6th, 7tb, and 9th insta., Prof Chase deliv- been dropped—and that similar changes are medi- the 10th of January, 1849, Mr. Lincoln, being then ft Church, and their associates exerted in the Na- demand for iron for architectural and other nueringaaaddreesbeforetheLoganianonthe9th.The tatedinotherquarters.Nowbefarfromus MemberofCongress,movedtoreconsiderthevote tionalConvention,wasduetothepowerwith po»esnotconnectedwitheitheragriculture!jannual address before the Aluinni will; be given on the notion that a Member must be ient back mere- instructing the Committee on the District of Co- which he invested them at. Syracuse. On that Tnesd-y,the10thinst.,byDr.JamesJ.Levickof lybecauseheisinthepresentCongress:weare manufactures—deductionssolargethatwelit:_ndlade1p_ia, of the ch_* of 18_2. The usual pubhc lumbia,to report a bill for abolishing the slave- occasion, had he, with Croswell, David L . warranted in doubting if the actual con8uumi;io]a J^foauoTwUlbeheldonthe9thand10thofJuly quiteconsciousthattherearemanytherewhose tradetherein,thathemightintroduceabillfrom Seymour,Rogers,Schell,DeWolf,andtheir perbead,forpurposesofproduction,IBmoretfyga*nd the exerciee* of Con_nenc«ment begin at 9 o clock placeg>can be more than made good by new selec- which " W . P . " makes this extract: compeers, suspected their treachery and resisted half aa great as i t was fourteen years since, if IL (j^tivered himsel I in his recent post serenade speech^Wednesdaymor_i_«,the11thi»t. Thedegreeof tions. Butthiswedosayandinsiston:Where SeetionS. Thutthemunicipal authorities ofWashington and theirblandishments,asdidTucker,Green,andA B. w-i be conferred upon the followmg gentlemen: a Member has proved eminently faithful, upright, Georgetown, within their respective jurisdictional limit.,ure here- The power t o obtain iron, under our presentSilasAUnaeifeinofBrookjyn,N.Y^.;RlohardPamsoast, byempoweredand.JUSQtnnKbto'provideactiveandrjlcient Wood,hewculdhavesecuredhalfthedelegatesBritishFree-tradesystem,iasteadilydimi_i«_- efficient, he must not he set aside merely because meant to arret land deliver up to their owners, all FuyitivePhiladelphia:Pennsylvaniahasamightyinterextintheprosorvatiouof t > Hepubllo. She, from her agricultural position, i* bound toF^RJchi-daO_rf^ fyt^JhliA Slave*escaping into»aid Dittrict. toCharleston,orsentthitheradoublerepresenta- ing,andhenceitialhatourlandsarerapidly riliuinaa*hobegim,th»>ArchoftheKcderulL'uiou.[Applause.J t i VtZu M«_7« of Philad^lpblA; James Tv»on of Reading; he has been already twice or thrice elected, nor THE TRIBUNE is especially called upon to meet tion, and have either adopted a "unit" resolution Jbecoming exhausted—that their yield dioiinMeB ,i «lri««ylvai>iu haK the elemeuts of un vmpinJ within her o w nTZ; CvrusLindley,Monrovia;andLindleyM.Clark, becausesomeotheraspirantisimpatientforthischarge,andthewriterwaitstoknow"wherethatwouldhaveboundtheSoftstohisstandard,(it*.*,alltheelementsofgreatness,whetheryoulookather nu itnal, her coj-incrviul, her manufacture's at the i-a,w\materl*h._£ B: Corbit, Odessa, DvL; J- Jvhn VV. Pink- 1 C^ithag*, Ind.; Wni. B . Coifrom year to year—that our people are becoSriglitui, North> Mselboro, Me.Untitled Documenton both sides of every division in the New-York"the most fertilizing manures, agricultural iir- " plements meanwhile multiplying themselves j|iJ Lit. On the whole, we think that Boy has had ooting enough. We hope he has a pass of some rt.Wetrusthisabilityto"tellanykindofa tale to suit his purpose," will stand him in goodthere, a n dson, cwteris paribus, why she should not in Wash- voted for him thr"ughout the fifty or sixty ball<t- will the good Dr. in return, answer us a question Stream of the North Atlantic; and finally to collect ington. But this was the; exceptional point of Mr. ings of the Baltimore Convention of 1852. 'But, as i6r two? W e want to know about those scars,all the facts which may prove of interest concern- ing the natural marvels of the highest terrestrialmen are measured now-a-days in the Democratic party, be wou>d m&ke a respectable candidate" fbrLincoln's proposed amendment, and not its generalpurpose, for tha't was to sweep the system ofSlavery out "of the District, after a fixed time, byconsent of the people, giving'compensation to th eity,willnotlack,webelieve,anyofthe.conveni- master,andprovidingforthedueeducationand duringtheseveneventfulyearsheservedinthelatitude 8.thusiastic adventurers, in spite ofits limited capac-Pole, •and the character of the distinguished " Convention omitted that point in their resolu- Slavery; whiie Richmond, and Church, and Ca|s- lad been sho't at with some murderous intention^pression on the minds of our former adversaries.TOX, Ho. 715 oroadwar Piice 25 cents. U se it once and you The most ignorant must be aware that the Demo- American, that designates the narrow strait be- "P.," and prevailed upon him to give the sanction the party, were damning with faint praise thewill never b e without it.jjhatlodged in the wrist just fall short of a lodg-ementinthebrainalso? Orwasitsomeother route to the extreme North, and that other and op- examined, but which, unfortunately, he wastoo 1855; in fine, throughout the past fifteen years, issail'ant of the citadel of life that failed to make athe severe test of practice.dling of Abolitionists or "Black' Republicans" . But a loftier interest attaches to these expedi- ticket than could a score of Fernando Woods. wiih Free-Soilers, and then with. Fire-Eaters|- perhaps it is these that cause "the rocking walk,"is natural and proper. He brings more aid to the Abolitionists, or paltering, in a double sense, now with the rights of the peace of the South, but is tions as the pioneers in-a new field of Atctic re- Dickinson has a national reputation, he is strong Dickinson, jit the head of a band of faithidfor gun-shot wounds are sometimes known to be -convenient, a n d even crippling. B u t if t h e supposition be correct that a charge of buck-shotias left these wounds and scars, propound to us :he occasion, good Doctor, of such shooting. Herethrough the interior of our State, and has mauy step to the music of " the .National Democracy}" lientofperpetualConcession,caneverexpel.Thezealwithwhichithasexploredthefrozenseas,were admirersiir^allsectionsofthecountry. Wood's Hehasdeservedmoreconsiderationfromthosehe fLonisville Journal. Sold byallDruggists. Depot No.444 interestsandaspirationseitherofSlave-breeding directedtowardtheaccomplithmentofanorth- strengthischieflVconfinedtothiscity,auditisques- hasservedthanhehasobtained. Hewouldha|cBroadway. » _ or of Free Labor must and will be paramount in west passage, whose inutility was acknowledged tionable whether beyond its limits his siipport of received it,- had he kept out of the hands of tile ind there amojigus is a man who has brought . BOARDMAN'SPATENTSTEAMBODLERsaves30 our National policy; wedonotsaythat longbeforeitsdiscoverywaseffected. Itslater •lomesromwarsomehonorablescars;hereandper Cent in fuel. Cylinder boilers can be altered and oul—rged. Send for a circular. _L BOAXDXAX, _io. ltitf Broadway.~- rr.The e-ercises for the Williamx College Commence- xoent are aa follows: Sunday, July 29 p. in., BaccalaureateDouglas is not an injury rather than a Ifcnefit to Soft thbrpers of his own State. He ia doing wlilt here a man whom some accident has crippled; they are irreconcilable; but it is per- endeavors have been, expended upon unsuccessful h)m. The "nationality," the 6bduracy,jthe consis- he can to atone for this error by now throwing thefectly plain that Dogberry's•axiom—'"When attemptstosavethelivesofsomescoresofits tencyofMr.Dickinson'sDemocracyareofthe weightofhisinfluenceagainstthecandidate|f |>utwedonotrememberevertohaveheardbefore I"two ride a horse, one must ride behind"—appliesventuresome sons, cast away in a bleak, distant,most marked type. Ever since he changed his vote the faction that seduced hiim a t Syracuse, and bif a case like this, where a wretch is scarred over [ lalf hie body with marks of wounds, one of which, :i least, was made by shot, and others, it is ra-:tonaltoconclude,haveasimilarcause. HidessoSlave-breedingsing,ofBoston. Mondayevening,July30,ConcertbyDoerin^g totake'if*'turnr WitnesstheFreeHomestead outtheshoreswhichstretchfromBaffin'sBayto promptlyyieldedtoeveryrequisitionwhichthevice, than hod Soult of joining the Guerrillas when he becomes more master of both his land am himself. . <i >His. record is eminently sounHe; in Con-But no; some-Securing to themselves three-that effectually silenced the other bne- "orsuch information as will hecure hia recovery..their fidelity to the Southern Democracy,^henand confidence men generally.•••... ;: '• ;•'•' '.'.'''.'. ...,•';••'•..••.:"r*.yA£ •'"-.shouldbenowconsumingthriceasmuchironaa,Cypher a little, h e may have a pass o f some sort and can tell any kfnd of a tale to suit his purpose, as be .id anxious to^ettothe\Blackrepublican*. f\ 'laken in the Stare; and Lodged in any Jail so that I got him or'The above handbill was sent to THE TRIBUNE, Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 