 E^yghr^auJ^IC; RODMAN, R r t b ^rsrwwB, OfSfonZ? ?fcy•cco»p«»ferii<J PONAI^, R ^ i ,Resignation of Qarabildi.Flour dull aiu|^6d. $>- bbl. lower. Quotations range from.23/ to battalion of the National Guard, which had been in- Lours. I have not yet .heard the exact tenor of the 32/. \Vheatvery duU and 2©4d. cheaper on the week; Red, such circumstances, have raised its rate of discount, vited to aehist at the'ceremony. Two companies of the capitulation, but tbeg^nhon will be prisoners of war, lly@l3/; White, lUf&Uj ^ cental: Indian Corn pressed for sale and.alreadytheorderLasbeensent,toNaples\6pre- atureductionoftfd.'al/#»'quarter;MixedandYellow,38/b"©39/; White, 43/'&45/. The weather haa been dry aud frosty und, favora-ization, which are always the last to come in, will yet give ue over to Douglas and Breckinridge. As to the Legislature, we do not know how the parties are to stand; the probabilities are that the Republicans,b uuvrate of interest. Yesterday, for instance, no bullion was at his old quarters in the Palazzo Angri, was in- is much hirgerthan weauticipiated. They turnout to PRODUCE.—Ashes in fair demand at 28/6©29/ for early at present to make any guess who will be elected!was taken from the Issue Department of the Bank, but formed of the circumstance, and he drove down in an be between $4,000 and 10,000 men, among them a num both Pots and Pearls. Sugars firm, aud again rather dearer. in Gwin's-place; nor canT assert whether it is moreopen carriage. The MUSR, which it is usual to read on her of the gendarmerie, who had taken refuge there as Coffee in good demand at foil prices. Rico in large speculativea considerable quantity in sovereigns was drawn from 6uch occasions, was over when he 'arrived, mid the in a sale place. •. _ request, and firm at fully 3d. advance.; 90 tierces ot Carolina sold likely that the Douglas men will act in concert with the ai&>/. Balk, cniail sales Philadelphia at 9/0' aud Baltimore atthe Bunking Department. It is one of the necessary ceremony Of'consecration was proceeded to forthwith.. Tie i&iss'v'i -Jic, of Florence states that at Capua 10,5(>0 ,9. Linseed scarce and again rather higher. American Linseed Republicans or the Administration men. • Their con- consequences of Sir Robert Peel's blessed bank acts of Padre Giovunni,a Franciscan monk, who had accom- men and six generals have been taken prisoners,, aud Cakes Hold r.tiilO 12/6,: to arrive. Linseed Oil in good demand duct in this respect will probably be influenced muchpaniedGaribaldi'sexpeditionalmostfromitslanding .that,betides,t"!;ePiedmontesegotpossessionof290 atUtf/Jr&Ol/.ManillaHemp10/©20/higher,andJutehasexpe-1814 and -1845 that the mercantile public are constant- at Marsala, performed the ceremony. The colors were Orasi; guns, lij'O guri 'Carriages. i!\)'fwv musketsy 10,000 rienced a corresponding advance. Sales of Seal Oil at £38, but by events to occur at Washington and in the Northernl.igher prices now demanded. Small sales of Cod at £%i'd)£,'M. States during the next two months. ly misled as to the real amount of the precious metals brought up by the officers, and consecrated in the usual Sabers,_80 military wagons, pontoons for a bridge 240 Sperm, £104© £105. Whale, £33 15/. Rosin quiet at 5,2 forpublic returns of the sovereigns withdrawn from ite hammered in. Thie being done, the colors Were brought articles of clothing.GARIBALDI'S ENGLISH VOLUNTEERS.From the Correspondent of The Timet.LY, Nov. 27,exported, since the Banking Department furnishes no manner. After this the ribbons were tied on, and the meters in ling-h, ,;0u horses and muleB, a large quan- omn.on, to arrive, and 5/<r©5/5 on the spot. Spirits of Turpen-s The following returns were published in this mora- nails provided with the names of the persons concerned tity of stores and ammunition, and several thousand ; ine dull at 34,6:18S0. DGE and FORTKxchaium.LONDON MARKETS.—Baring Brothers & Co. report nig s papers:L O W TEnK>nsTrK>8 quiet under considerable arrivals of, foreign. County. Precinct. Doug. Breck. Lin. BeD. W'hite American Wheat, 64/"S68/; Red, 60/©6'4;. IKON steady at El Dorado.. ..Mnd Springs ,. 121 82 110 17 £5 5J© £5 15/ for bars and rails; Scotch pigs, 52/3. Su«An is in Nevada Newla City 497 '223 621 82 good demand at full prices. COKFKK steady. RICK very firm. Placer .Aubnra ;. 130 113 77 83 TAUIOW quiet, with large arrivals; ' Y. C, 60/6®60/9. TKA Calaveras Mokelumne Hill.... 199 169 89 12*i£Atf, H ,BU?H BWD«J&_A'*-,back to Garibaldi, who, taking one iu each hand, ad-. of England, especially if continuing, will, of course, dressed the following words to the officers:53 am |M S | |over 2,500 tuns register, to take the place of the Etna, impoee upon the Bank of France the necessity of fol- " I am proud to plate into your Lauds and confide to which has been sold to the Liverpool, New-York & ' lowing in the same direction, and thus prevent LOIUB your valor these two flags, the fraternal colors of whichTWO DAYS LATEft-BOM EUROPE.ARRIVAL OF THE AFRICA. The Prince of Wales Still at Sea*ANNBXiTM OPTHE TWO SICILIES.,of the precious metals, bnt the payments ..of the corn where the ceremony was to take place, on'the Largo inge. But he very scon returned toward Sessa. To- Bteady, but not at the previous extreme quotations,AmericanFROM CALIFORNIA.THE ELECTION.From O w OwM-Corrwrpondent.THE SIEGE OF QAETA.The Royal Mail steamship Africa, Capt. Shannon, which sailed from Liverpool at 8 o'clock on the iuom- »g of the 10th, and from Qneenstown on the eveningfthe11thinst.,arrivedhereonFridayafternoon. The Nova Scotian reached Liverpool ahout 3 p. m.on the 8th inst.The Gunard Company had ordered {in addition to theScotia and several scrvw steamers now on the stocks) the construction of a new first-class screw steamer of• N.'oyjK>«BKK 3.-^It seems; thiat the garrison of Capua ican at 5<j/u©59/. J office again by the votes of Californiana. It is too. l-Vtd. IS4tbr «»i jagg* Philadelphia Company. . fcE «-GRoirsrrxNAPLES, NOV. 2, 1860.are so well known on the battle-field of Italian inde- I am deeply grieved to be compelled to give bad re- CAXKH in demand at improving prices; New-York barrels, Santa Clara..Redwood Towus'p.. 49 / 13 44ittIsfl jot' .- •ledbygei»U«o»«.a,mi^j. Oirjnibn*sod JUilro-jFron.OurOwnCorrespondent.COTTO>'—Sales yesterday 12,000 bales, including 3,000 to'specu- TheHungariantroopsthenformedasquare,andthe beengreat inefficiency in the command, there have latorsandexporters. Tho market'closedsteady.5 39 19THESTATE OFEUROPE.MARKETS.LIVERPOOL, Nov. 11, 1860.83 203 101 92 113' 176i1 ism'•TURIK, NOV. 6, I860. Wh2e you are raising honest Abe Lincoln to re»/Aa«for th* «*r««i«3 the Presidential chair, the people of Umbria andformula oi the oath was read by Colonel Moggorody':" Illinois Central shaies, 29'<Z'28£discount; Erie Shares, 29i®31; been great exc-eeses commi.t'ed by individuals, and I New -York Central Shares,73©7u. ._-•:- • _" I swear before God the"All-powerful fidelity, to tee no other termination than the. entire dissolution Of BHKADbTUjfi'S are steady but quiet.175 17 18 17.•-•• -- „ ...I, ,,1 ., I,»,., I,II ,11l„ -—r —— ,11 m , ,1, ,.,, ,1p .,,n — —. ..,•-•. — —burg, while simultaneously the gold export leaves-no profit tus an exchange operation. Whither, then, doesFair.. 7jjd. ..7*d. 7£d.The present discount rate of the Bank of France is only 3 percent, although that concern has lost about £ 1 , - 000,000 since the end of August, while its discounts fortransparencies in all stages of preparation; but suffi- cient, still remained not to mar the general effect.The stock is estimated at 618,480 bales, of which 477,680 are American.At Manchester yesterday, there was a fair demand for YAHNS at the full rates.of last week, but for CLOTHS the market was tr,n.er.••• iV•" •'; t.chest. .The rise in the official discount rate of-the Bank."•:'VNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SA11JRDAY, NO^'EMBEIi 24, 1860.del Pahizzo, tbe open sjpace in front of the Royal counted for in this manner, and,-moreover it takes palace. It was jnet the site calculated to set off such a c*remony, with the facade, of the Royal palace on one place concurrently with a rate of discount higher in side, the two lavge buildings of the Foresteria' on the London than in Paris, Amsterdam, Brussels and Ham- right and left, and the church of St. Francisco di Paoli, with its cupola and arcades, opposite to it. The preparations for the reception of thejKing had rather encroached on the spa< e, cover ae^they did the partdcacirptionn, compared \ward nightfall the lire became slack on both sides, and, with Friday last, are about *®}d. dearerIbills being not yet due, the present drain cannot be acr-forairthecnrrent'qnallties." Brazil, Surafct, and all other Cot- with the exception of now and then a shell whioh yon tone, are also'dearer. Tbe week's business has been 95,^.0 bales, could see travelling the air, all was still. Theout- includhig 41,000 on speculation and 8.000 for export. The sales poi <s reported, however, to have heard great noise and yesterday were about 10,000 or 12,000 hole*, including 4.000 for e<ufi'W'>n in the town, which increased every time a speculation andexport. The market closed firm at the followingH ,'tbe Sv> ifiri commander of the fortresB, that he was ready PHAKCISILABOUTTOLEAVE. August and September, have increased by about the right of it was drawn up the Legion and tdthc letfi; lo'capitulate. Tl o 'negotiations, which were carried £3,000,000. Any vulgar bank would, under the Hueears, while the opposite side was occupied by a bfi With Delia Rocca at' S::nta Maria, lasted severalBREADSTUKKS.—Messrs. Richardson, Spence & Co., hut I fear that tho precincts on the outskirts of civil-but LouisBonaparte,afraid tocausea'visibledis- Berpaglieriof.theBrigadeEberformedadoubleline turbance of the money market, orders the Bank to fyom the Foresteriato the center of the square.pare (be;;'barracks of the Grahito for them. Their ble for agricultural operations.nun her is supposed to be about 0,000. The Cosems PROVISIONS.—Beef contirmos slow and irregular. Bouglasites, and Breckinridgers will, he nearly equallyimd PLOTS. aff£S£Jd h.althy l o c w i o t ^ the Marches are rushing to the polls,and giving a free A'prospectus had been issued of a "Cotton Com- defend them to the hist drop of blood in the fight for ciple was a great mistake as it deprived the officers of CONSOLS 93^934 for money and 93£©93f for account.10 12123 47 19at'7i«pro^4to be built QJX^ btult a-po*anr alr&adjliATKK MAKKi.1—For the week ending Nov. 7.—COTTON— Sales20,000bales,including10,000 intransit;closingratherless dom of honest King Victor Emanuel, "who, against cotton fields in the Bombay Prenidency. The capital us to return into our own country. 1 swear obedience without any men who could be properly called offi- still than at bitter part of previous week; New-Orleans'ires Or- cinaiie quoted 1011'.-, do. Bos 94f.; do. Bas in transit 92©96f.; but the market was at a pause at the close, and it would be difficultor. tbo Ialand t h a t S i 3d by Mr. Carman, «a£m* poMAMioafor o^J 35 ABOVE,I>WAY. t,Mt ^ ^ |N)ideoo« *f Riclurd V S ELI2ABETH-aT»(2.915)BROK38,5 bought sad aoktjS ••nji-aioatily.X).000. • iKStxiccsre FtmyA05. 28,1360. J »-JII» of •ytlSAM) DOLLAJB**>*"that portion of ^ ihf toirty-^r«t day ^ommiMioners of Q& of ao Act of tb© Go*. W*. a: tb«. Ohio StateCity, until IZo'oIook EMBER .N-EXT. &r« O rtiScatoa of tka Ohio, beariag mt^p. paid »-ini-n;ia!iaI]T«ca year, at tho Obi* 6 the principal nda-rv . ."!* P* ««*ofoa.; bt> in aooordano» on th<*openljMof a to b» moat advaaea-! <""«otaiQ p«r « n a a s ^>riho THIRTY^ .: c^ntuta per aaaom, ».t^r tbe TH1RTY-c^atnta per aanam, ' t<r tho THIKTY-bich of th^*e OIMMV ier whi«rb wdeaiwd. f each claw propoMd sj-."tilledcheck o«, or N-w-York City, p»».*•nwra eqnai to fivo - woich *am «<haU bo»d »t tbe time beroin- lew than the parvalo* •; svi. thoutaad dot- be deemed aa mad*or for »iieh pro rata • b~ -as^igaaoie to tbo il*.fhich the certificate* a -Bcc«-.r.fuj bidder, w, aad each wffl bo .bid by him. oo tho 5; !»«>. at tbe Obi* fbijib time and piaoo 2iv*-ry. Certiacatoo i«*f«a.f>ie on tho bxt sj»-:it of any part of**i;5 beretnrnod to 8«J oa tho day next •eei any or all of tiboe* -^ protect or pro-n i »eaJed envelopo, is Ktxnd of the Stat* u: Loaa." •co nvtoienco of Wd- •J' "to of proposal, Ti'iaj; the loan, and •*obtained at tho a*, the orhoe of thoinitorof3tat«,i «*ryofState, >mey-General,he State of Ohio.^'rjRECErr-f^njt Fropocal* ma- th-" Oni&eatea of »bv EXTENDED^Ai'OF DECEM-inxtant may. at the fcnion at t'be State "3 on the aaid tUx-»tor of St%te. :rt«t«iry of State. »p»*y-General.Stat* of Ohio.*»»•. so; ia«©. Jfeftoldeni of tbi«k*ctor» and throoWi'e of theCoia-*, Wy The poib« 1.1?" °^*n u n t i l xW ii. Seoretary.Caiithaso-aquara. (>•"'. Sixp«rcent y?or.New-yorkoakN i'ELT, Frea-t^ANK,bttail turn* from One) (roaiagD of Monday. "GREEK,prM»t. —^'—i •• - r . •; ,.Oct. J6, HJ60. ' J: the redemptionh* M£RCHAi<Tir (O^ havinjjj expired. _->J1of the laws of ^R CJBNTbaa been e»poeitod (a* reptv fcintendeut, ux r«»- !>1« on twtMeatatlon *L this X>epartmefct »ce. and not thexe-Siiparintecdent.ComrnJU^ioa,> '.'-j.t,.ions.K and FirRF. fiOPATBIC and ii hi quality and *-»t of ov«r thr«m- iii who have once •.ilRATUS.<Of>A, KTC. >Ybjfc.irouT,Ai.JK lo wtaev, #o- m foart-at.all European precedents, glories in the fact that of the Company is fixed at £100,000.to the national .committee' and the chiefs chosen by it. cers, "with two orthiee exceptions, it. was impossible to So may God help me." inspire men, however, well disposed, with anything Shoutsof " Evviva VIlolia cI'Ungheria" followed, like respect or a disposition to.obey. As I told you in after which_General Tirrr addressed theofficers and my last, the number is gradually dwindling away. soldiers, saying: Some are entering the artillery, under Colonel Dow- "Warriorfi: I need not recommend you to defend ling, and others tbe cavalry under Colonel Forbes,pany," with a strdng Manchester Board of Directors,vote for annexation to the Constitutional King- the principal object beingto developethe Dharwar Italian independence,until circumstanceswill permit allcommandover theirmen: and,in thesecondplace,Alameda.... San Leandro....... 53 Santa Clara, HoUenbeck'a , 134 San Joaquin..Stockton,2d Ward5otberPricint»... 181 El Dorado....Buckeye Flat...... 52El Dorado....Frenchtown, Corn Hollow, and King's Store.... 50no never broke his word. Since even revolu-The funeral of the Eai I of D undonald had been fixedto realize above figui es. .BB.KADSTUFF8 steady. ABHKS -nominal. COFFKB unchanged.tionary Italy has no mind to admit females to to take place on the 14th inst., at Westminster Abbey.the ballot-box, the weaker sex of these ex- • Theprojected visitofVolunteersto Pariswas meet-ing with so much ridicule and opposition that there Papal provinces give their adhesion to the annexa- was little chance of the scheme being carried out.tion by siguing their names to immense addresses Prince Alfred reached Plymouth on the 9th inst.; on to the new '« King of Italy." By this title he was board the frigate Euryalus, and early on the sameSolano—Beuicia, DeuVerton, and Nonr«e'* Landing 181greeted by Garibaldi when they met on the Volturno.V jctor Emanuel seized the haifd of the Dictator,and told him with feeling, " I hope we shall neverpart_again.r'They rode side by side for several miles, The usual Mayoralty Elections throughout EnglandDINIAN FLEET, jThe following letters gives an interesting account of" LIVERPOOL, Nov, 11,1860. The Arabia arrived at O^ueeustown to-day.P THE LORD MAYOR'S BANQUET.took place on the 9th inst. At Liverpool the choice and it has transpired that the King wished to ex- fell upon Mr. S. R. Graves.press his gratitude and that of the people to his il- Alderman Wire, ex-Lord Mavor of London, died on lustrious General by a munificent grant of land, by tie i'th.the title of Marshal of Italy, and by the decora- The inauguration of the new Lord Mayor of Lon- tion of the highest order the King can bestow. don, Mr. Cubitt, took place on the 9th, with the usualv^The usual banquet was given on Friday night, bythe day you were mounted you have not missed an op- Terence with the operations of the Sardinian fleet: the new Lord Mayor'of London. Count de Persigny,' Trinity .Weavervillc. 216ceremonies. The grand banquet in the evening at of Caprera remained unshaken. H e refuses titles Guildhall, was attendedby the principal members of the Cabinet, aud by the Embasauors of France anu and riches, and requests only that the military com- Sardinia—the '•other representatives of Europeanmissions he has sigued should be respected. Now, Courts being absent, Count de Persigny spoke-for .the. this is just the most ticklish thing. It looks very Diplomatic Corps, and his remarks were cordial andfriendly.and expects much from you. As for me, I am sure of a persuasion that a change ol policy altogether faW that when we are onv.e on*the frontiers you will come vorable to the cause of Francis II. had occurred amongand boast of the country. Gen. Peel and tbe Duke of Sacramento... ,.TivoliHouse,SutSomerset, in returning, thanks, eulogized the recent'distin^uitihed services of the naval and military forces •in China. The Lord Mayor then proposed the Foreign Embassadors, and' coupled with ihe toast tbe name ofCount de Perrigny, which was cordially replied to. The Count oi Persigny arose amid loud cheers, and replied in French. After referring to the spirit of wisdom and of moderation of the European Govern- ments, and the sacrifices which, in one way or another, all the Powers are making in the interest of the gene- ral peace, his Excellency complimented the city of London for the practical spirit it had manifested in dis- cerning that wliich many politicians did not seem to sufficiently understand, viz: that instead of those in-terests which we formerly contested in every part of the world, it has come to pass, through the develop- ment, of our manufactures and commercial interests, not only do we possess a great number of interests in common, but no longer, in any part of the world, have we any interest that is hostile. Why, then, these anx- ieties, those suspicions, those mistrusts, which on every incident of policy are generated on both sides of the Channel ? It is because we -cannot efface in a day the traces- of so_ many centuries of rivalry and strife. It is because in spite of ourselves, and unwillingly, we are, both of us, still too much disposed to look at the events of the present through the magnifying and deceptive glasses of the recollections of the past. But, thank Heaven, the reason, the good sense, and the in- terest of the. two nations tend every day to dissipateBut Garibaldi's resolution to retire to bis wild islanddown like a hurricane on the eiiemy who oppresses us."the great Powers. There, was strong evidence to war- rant this belief. For four successive days the French squadron prevented tbe Tiedmontese lieet from lauding troops on the right bank of the Garigliano. The French guns were all shotted, the decks, were cleared, thesimple, and still it is very difficult to comply with.iiany*a Piedmontese ex-officer, expelled irom thearmy of the upper kingdom, was accepted by thedictator, and rose to a'higher rank; others had de-serted Piedmont, or received their dismission aslieutenants or captains, aud, at the expiration of decrease in cash during November of over twenty-live" This is a memorable day for you, for it cemeuts the alliance of tvyo peoples and establishes the fraternity of the people. To-day you have destroyed that principle of egotitm which has*kept the nations separated, and thus has facilitated the servitude of all. The people with whom you have fraternized to-da}' have the sameready for action, and, indeed, there was a moment when the signal for firing was given on board the Bretagne, and if the Sarainian. vessels had continued to advance only three minutes longer, they would have received a broadside from the French fleet.Admiral de Tinan had assured the King that he would protect the line of the Garigliano, and he re- peatedly told everybody about him that such was his intention. But yesterday a French steamer came in with fresh instructions for tbe Admiral, and thereupon the trench fleet left the mouth of the Garigliano, and696 36 256 37 114 33 14 16 57 55 ' 178 20 132 146 39 _ 2three months, now retire as majors or colonels.'Ahereofficersing to all tbe .revolutionary armies ofjburope, who had no troops to command and re- Spring.mained on his staff; some of them of questionable The Bourse on the 9th was very animated, and Ren- rank and character, others unlit for service. Be- tes advanced, closing at 70.10.sides, the Dictator's army is fast disbanding. Theeducated volunteers, having finished their work,are anxious to return to their homes, and outm20were, aroundbesides, about three Garibaldi originallyhundred belong-It was stated positively in Paris that final orders had been given for the formation of a squadron of reserve which, it was said, will be ready to put to sea next" But beiore fighting against this enemy outside you have internal enemies to beat down, and I will tellmorning two vessels, supposed to be the Hero aud the Ariadne, of the Prince or VVale^'s squadron, were seen passing up off the Bill of Portland.FRANCE.mThe monthly returns of the Bank of France show amillions of francs, and an increase in bills discouuted of over forty-three millions.Y ubaYuba..YubaEl Dorado.... .Coloma,partial.. 80 El .Dorado.... .Gold Hill. 32 P l a c e r .21 Precincts..... 1,01442i'«ITALY.Ufciiig this privilege I tell.you that your chief enemy is the Pope.against the Neapolitan camp, which commenced a^ 10 in the evening. The weather during the night was frightful. There was a piercing wind with .torrents of rain, and there is no improvement this morning. How- ever, the cannonade lasted all night, aud is still goingDuring the forenoon the following returns were re- ceived:Lincoln >uglas. Breck. Bell. 503 171 502 179 140 213 33of the* '4b,000 young men who, from May to Octo-ber,, had gone down to Sicily and Naples, scarcelymore than four to five thousand will remain under to the Neapolitan and Sicilian peoples, accepting the pendence is no Christian; he denies the very principle with precision; and, incredible as it may appear, I amContra Cobta, complete Shasta Co., incomplete Vreka CityBntte Co., incomplete Alameda Co., incomplete184 855 696607 415 391 136 323 647 347 150 230 357 211 90 473 552 ,. 81King Victor Emanuel had published a. proclamationarms wishing to be incorporated into the King's sovereign authority of the Two Sicilies, transferred to of Christianity—he is the Antichrist. assured that the sole result of their firing up to thisarmy. What is then to be done with their officers. It is believed that Victor Emanuel will readilyhim by universal sufirage.On the 7th ihst. his Majesty, accompanied by Gari-inasmuch as the coast is not fortified, the right wing of the Neapolitan army, which was posted on the sea, has received .orders to abandon the position, and to re-In this city, 14,415 votes were cast, 2,262 more thanin 1856, the largest vote ever cast in the city previousthoroughly convinced of this truth that Italy will be acknowledge all the commissions of the Dictator, baldy, entered Naples. They proceeded together to really free and united."following up his victory, established himself atMole di Gaeta upon the bights which domi-nate the fortress. A good numberof Neapoli-tan troops seeing theinselvei cut off from the fort-ress, and unable to force their way from the upperGarigliano to the sea, have already taken the firstof the 9th announces that Garibaldi left that morning began. Capua lies in one of the numerous sudden and Marniirolo, on the Mincio, have powerful garri- forhi*homeattheIslandofCaprera. Thelastvisit benUswhicntheRiverVolturnomakesinitscourse sons. Immensequantitiesofammunitionare'sentfrom hepaidwastothe.EnglishAdmiralMundy. towardthesea.•Thewholetownisbuiltonthe left theterminusatVeronatoMantua. AtSebestiano,onor south bank of the river, and resembles in shape an the Po, are the materials for two pontoon bridges, two Signor Montezenolo was about to proceed to Sicily as ivy leaf, two sides of which are defended by the Vol- large iron steamers, aud one small tug steamer. The Governor-General. Signor La Farina had been ap- turno, • while only the third, between the two river same journal says the coasts are hi a complete state of pointed Director of the Interior Department in Sicily, bends, opens out toward St. Tamaro, Santa Maria, and defense; and any point menaced could receive succorstandingarmybyouradmirablemilitia,byournoble volunteers, which hencelorth constitutes a permanent institution of the country [loud cheers], and by fortify- ing important and. vulnerable points; but, above all,'ofwhichMr.A.C.Peachyspoke7,Mr.J.P.Benja- min 4, Mr. Reverdy Johnson 3, and Mr. Edmund Ran- dolph 9. The newspapers here say that it was thesteps for a, capitulation. The forces of Bombino aremelting away like snow in the Spring, and tbe next and Father Lanza Director of Public Instruction.St. AngelOi It was against this side that the attack with great rapidity. . was directed. On the opposite side of the river a singlewe must redress the' balance by maintaining, longest argument in a law suit of which there is any as we always must maintain, a strong andpowerful navy.. [Continued cheering.] His record. The Alto says:The Turin journals announce that the investiture, of Gaeta on the land side continued.A dispatch from Naples states that the departure of acknowledge the blockade of Gaeta, and that the Francis II. from Gaeta was imminent, in consequence" T h e Judges have given no direct intimation as to what their decision will be, or when it will be made public; but after Mr. Benjamin bad finished his closingmail will probably bring you the news that Francis 11. has left his Kingdom upon a foreign ship.battalion, with two field guns, was deta.hed from the 1-iedmontese force at Sessa, to prevent any issue on the high road from Capua to Gaeta.CHINA.Lordship added,.! say. this in the presence of therepresentatives of foreign and allied powers. [Cheers.]I say it in a spirit of frankness, of cordiality, of friend-ship, of alliance luidpeace. [Cheers].. We wish from Bpeecb, yesterday afternoon, Judge. Hoffman pro-I^is true that the-French Government refuses toThere is nothing later, but the Paris Patric pub-of the advice given to his Majesty by the commanders and the Piedmontese, who came under Sonnaz and lished the following statement which obtained but the bottom of our heartt to be at peace with all nations pounded a number of questions to him, as to what kindat Ancona. He is irritable and out of temper, andwould protect the line of the Garigliano. But yester- had an article published in the official paper of day a French steamer came in with fresh, instructions Jcome, accusing the French .Government of douWle- for the Admiral, and thereupon the French fleet left dealmg,' since, according to his account, he was in- the mouth of the Garigliano, mid at sunset yesterday formed by the Pontifical Minister of War, Bishop returned to Gaeta. The moment he was relieved from the surveillance of the French, Admiral^ersano openedMoney, una 03g'«;y:U for account. • The demand for Money waB moderate, hut only the very beet paper was taken in the open market below tho advanced Bunk rate of 4£ ^ cent. On the 9tti the inquiry wan rather more brisk. The Bank of England re- tuniB nhow a further diminution in Bullion of. £2:11,708.bus been:very quiet during the past week, and prices have re-which we have BOlong enjoyed, and which are the boast of Englishmen [Cheeis.|CROPS INVERMONT.Merode, that a telegraphic dispatch of the French Government bad been received, declaring thatFrancewouldopposeanyPiedmonteseinva- sion by force. The Dnka of Grammont, Napo- leon's Embassador at Rome, at once protested against this version of this affair, and bluntly charged the Bishop with forgery, since bis official communi- cation to tbe Minister contained only the words that France would oppose any Piedmontese invasion, the words "by force" being added by the Papal Govern- ment. The publication of De Grammont's dis- claimer in the Constitutionnel seems to indicate that Napoleon has ceas«d to have any peculiar regard for the Holy See, anu it may be a prelude to a speedy realization of the bopvs of Italy to proclaim King Victor Emanuel King of Italy upon the Capitolinei.;: '/. SIEGE OF GAETA.I Dispatches from Naples ytute that the PiedmonteseHill... _OREAI^JBRITAIN. A-MONEY STRINGENCY.Hii^'a) 87* .><'..... 85 ~3> 87*,acre. I raised this season, from 3$ acres, 200 bushels,«4* Correspondence of T h o * . Y. Xiibune.Lo.vno.v, Nov. 10, 1860.;t The slave-trade was active on the Windward Coast. ing at $1 50 & barrel for choice Winter varieties. Yel- General trade was dull in the various ports on ac-An event long ago predicted lias set in, a drain obullion, and, consequent upon it, a rise in the rate o-discount. Y esterday the Bank of England raised the ratof discount from 4 to 4J !*r cent. In the correspondingnonth of 1859 the bank rate did not exceed 3 per cent,desnite the then enormous shipments of silver to theEast, amounting to-£13,*$4,3«tf. The obvious objec cult to explain, but once the idea started it was notcom t of the pievuiling uiiheulthiaess. low Bell-Flower shghtly injured by the heavy frostsThe Niger expedition steamer Sunbeam^ was in the m the last of September. Complete census returns Nun river. The rains had ceased at Sieraa Leone. show an increase of ii,500 to the State since 1850, in^Dr. Bakic and the rest of the exploring party were stead of a decrease, as has been reported. Query: Indifficult to find believera in it. Tho'general impatience of the Bank was to put a check on the dram ot bulhon that i.t should take place had engendered such a credu-r from its vaults, which, amounting to £ $ £ » £ I on lity on this point that any wag might send crowds'toth« 26th of September last, is now reduced to &$&£ the front. While the tendency of sightseers wasonhnury speculative demand set in on the afternoon of Friday litrt. und.tlie sales on that day were unusually extensive, not loss than J0,0(:(i bales, about two-thirds on speculation. On Sat- urday, there was even gr.suier exci..,inept, owing lo a roport thatterm it, and tear ii they go South that there will be a FIRE IN PKARL STREET.—Last evening, abont 6 scarcity of niggers. The Boston Couritv,or Porteven086, not inclnding £43,000 taken from the bank yester- day. The drain, beginning on Sept. 26 has beenjam- stantly on the increase, until it has reached this week almost £300,000. Tne large import* of corn were ef MM*-', sure to lead, sooner or Itter, to W> eimvraOoflVtowaid the north, Garibaldi and his staff went down to Naples to assist at the distribution, and consecration of their colors to the ilungarian Legion and to the Hungarian Hussars.same on our side, only the bastions were larger ob- jects; and therefore more easily hit. During the bom-.. speculation unu ior exp< about 25,t00 baleB.Ricltuihig 15,000 on speculation aud for export,closing at very extreme rates. When the Africa arrived on.Mon borne cirvuu.biances coin.evted with the fire, the policeday. it was at < nee Heeii that tho report of the great advance at were of the opinion that it was the work of an incen- The name of the Counciltnanic candidate in thea fire against the Neapolitan city."ThePariscorrespondentofTheLondonPost tele- graphs that the dissolution of the Papal army is positive. The Pope will only have a simple guard of 3,000men.In contradiction of this it is represented that in thePapal war budget of 1861, the. expenses of the W ar Department are stated at 4,182,000 Roman dollars, for an army of 34,000 men.It was asserted that negotiations were commenced on the 8th between Gen. Fanti and the Commander of the Gaeta for the evacuation of the fortress.The Neapolitan army at Gaeta was reported to be reduced to 20,000 men, with few officers to command them.'Tbe voting for annexation in the Papal States is de- scribed as of the. most enthusiastic 'character, but no detailb are given.GARIBALDI'S ARMY.Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.SPRIMGKIKT.D, Vt., Nov. 20, I860. WearenowhavingsomebeautifulFallweather, andjhope it may continue. Vary much of the corn ^jw>p in this section is materially damaged, owing to the warm, damp weather, since it was harvested. Not being fully ripe, it has molded in the crib. Tbe crop is 94 'w 'Mh tion, and that numerous redoubts and other held works more than an average one here upon Connecticut River—probably not far from 50 bushels to the sore. There have been instances at our county fairs where farmers have claimed to have raised 100 bushels, and one man, four or five days since, stated that he raised 126 bushels from an acre of ground. But I do not be-Correspondence of The London TimeH.New-Y oik.shares.Yesterday there was a thronging and hastening of amateurs and idlers toward Santa Maria and tfen Angelo. It was owing to an impression that the botn- bardment of Capua would begin. Why just tbe 3lst of October was fixed for the event is, of,course, diffi-Panama 7s, 2d mort., 1872•Pennsylvania Central (is, l«t mort., 1CU0..".....quite well ai the confluence of the Niger.The American bl ip Lauretta is^upposed to have left.Whydubon the ^bth Sept., with 600 slaves on board,ence the Union is dissolved, what will become of our JSorthern Brock-Democrats here in Vermont? Being few and scattered, ihev have no one to console them in#*S(•."# .«•'•• >'•>"<;BhellfelL , . .:, .• . The plan was not to bombard indefinitely, but to recomtoenee a few hours next morning, ana then as- the gold go ? To the vaults of the Bank of Prance. toward the church with a skeleton .triumphal arch and tav.h the place. And tho dispositions weretaken to . effect lias,;;;li -the troops receiving..orders to be ready to march. But all these preparations became useless,for at dawn the' mcfisage came from Qen. du Cornet,official qudtutlons:OrleansMobile..'. Uplands........ » . , , „ Middling.fid.7d. Gjj.SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 7,1860.. Tbe Presidential election yesterday pawned oft peace- ably. Tbng far about one-half the' State hae beenheard from, and Lincoln is ahead, then Doogla«, then Breckinridge; but tbe three men are nearly even, while Bell has abont one-fifth as many votes as Breck- inridge. Tbe Kepublicans hope to carry the State,.An altar was improvised close to the triumphal arch., and this altar formed the center of the ceremony. ToHE RETURNS TO HIS ISLAND HOME. purchase gold at a loss, and will force it to continue The daughter of Gen. Garibaldi and the Marchesaproceeding with this certainly not mercantile operation. Pallavicim, the wife of the Pro-Dictator, were chosen Division.is to^ocmvny Capua. It was. to have taken Pork unchanged; rather more doing. Bacon nominal, there represented. It is certain that Gwin will not be re-asthe madfjne or godmothers. The first not being On the other hand, the Bank of England proves that it present, was represented. by her father. All being is unable to check the present drain by the rise in the ready, G^ibahij, who came down from Caserta, andpossession of tbe placd tbia evening, but it was deferred being no American here. Cheese is held'for higher prices. Lardpresses his subjects and is an enemy of Italian inde- on. The sea is so rough that the Sardiidans cannot fire " This truth you must spread among all those who time is the slaughter of two men and one horse. Butare near to you, for it is only when all Italians shall be842 502 490 30these mirages; for every day men's minds are more, to the Presidential election. The Republicans have or the certificate* ai« - . but the officers will be put on half pay, with the ex- the Cathedral, and afterward to the Palace. An im- Garibaldi had several times to interrupt his speech tire upon Gaeta and Itri. > clearly anu more positively impressed with the mainception of those who can be employed in the organ- ization of the new Neapolitan army.mense crowd of people assembled, notwithsumding the torrents of rain which were falling. There were great festivities,' and universal joy was manifested.on account of the applause whieh his words elicited from the multitude below. .The Coi-ta Gazette of Oct. 28 states that King Fran-cis II. sent his Minister of Marine on board the Bre-consideration that,. having everything to lose and about 2,200 plurality in the city, but for the city offices nothing to gain by a contest, the two nations can mu-. the People's candidates are elected. The followingAfter a breakiast which had been prepared in the tague to thank Admiral Lebarbier. de .Tinan for histually derive as many benefits from peace as theycould inliict injuries on themselves by war. That,are the candidates elected in this city:For State Senatois—James McM. Shatter, Caleb Burbank.For Assemblymen—S. S. Tiltou, John W. Cherry Alvan. ,.'saile. of the Foresteria Garibaldi went to see ColonelA Naples telegram of the 8th gives the following ad- Dungoo, an Hungarian, woimded on the 1st, whose Admiral.lis warmest gratitude to the Emperor of themost opportune assistance, and to transmit through the Capua, and the King continued his march to th ditional particulars: leg had been amputated iu the morning; Before re- French lor the instructions which he had sent to hisgentlemen, is the real truth; that is wnat we under-stand in France as well as you understand in England; Flanders, F. G. E. Tittel, Robert Clark, Alex. Campbell, Jaa»e«After the Royal interview, Garibaldi returned tGangliano, preferring a hot battle to the triumphalentry at Naples. By a rapid march he succeededin cutting oil' the garrison of Capua from the Nea-politan army retiring to Gaeta, and thus the Cam-" On the entry of the King into Naples, Garibaldi turning to Caserta he went likewise to see Bixio, iieet. It will be seen from what is stated above that eat at his tide in the carriage. On the following morn who is laid up with his broken leg at the Palazzi the inst ructions w'hich so touched the heart of the Kingthat, in short, is the meaning threat of the great econo-mist revolution wliich the Emperor has just accom-A. Banks, O. F. Willey.Jhdgepf X i l t h District Court—Alexander Campbell (ol Saan-derti *t Campbell).District-Attorney—Nathan Porter. ''•'.„•pamau fortress, alter a short but murderous bom-bardment, had to surrender on the 2d: It was Boom- iSignor Uoulorte addressed the King thus:;• .AUSTRIA.':''.,:•:;•:scarcely exprftted to find there full eleven thousand Neapolitan soldiers, who were made prisoners, and sent at once to Genoa, to be reorganized, and incor- porated into the new Italian Army. A short, sharp fight at Sessa had aleady disorganized the retiring troops of Francis II., when, on the 3d, Victor Emanuel crossed the Garigliano at three points,"Silo*-. The Neapolitan people assembled in their Electoral Committee, having proclaimed you King byThe Admiral commanding the Austrian fleet in the Adriatic has been put under arrest on a'charge of mal-Lord Palmereton replied to the toast in honor of her ying (the &th) Garibaldi, accompanied by the Ministry, formally presented to the King the result of the ple- bkite. Bis Majesty received them in the TnroneAngri.of Naples were subsequently withdrawn.plished in France by the treaty of Commerce, and. ofwhich the vast compass, in proportion as it becomes President of the Board of Supervisors—H. F. Tescbemocber.Correspondence of The Loudou Times.CASERTA, NOV. 2, 1800. Yesterday afternoon, at 4 p. m., our batteries opened on Capua; this morning at dawn the commander of an immense majority—9,(JOU,000 of Italians are uniting the fortress sent out to-say that he was ready to treat.THE SURRENDER OF CAPUA. " .known and better appreciated iu England, will con- found the accusations of which we have been the ob- ject, and will further cement peace between the two countries.Tax Collector—E. H. Washburn.' . Auditor—Henry M. Hale.Public Admiuintrator—A. Hollub.Police J udge—Samuel Cowles.Chief of Police—Martin J. Burke.Assessor—Thomas Tennent.Superintendent, of Streets and Highways—George T. Boben. Supervisors—1st District, S. P. Taylor, paper manufacturer;till tu-n.on ow morD'is in better demand, and firmer; sales of 200 tuns at 03/'©64/.Tollow in active request and rather lower; sales of North Amer-elected to the Senate. I think he will never receiveBonaparte from any longer commanding the Bank Di- pendence. They wili.be a new bond between the two ports of the stateof the British Legion,,which, hither- ,£1L10/; Boston bags, £11. Sl'KKii Oth, £104; CQD, £35. Contra Costa.Martinez;. 45 82 56rectors to buy gold at a loss, in order to hide a visible derangement, of the money market. Still, the English drain of bullion will not be stopped by that eventuali- ty, since, in proper time, the corn bills must fall due and be paid for in cash. • .sister nations. Evyiva lTtalia! Evviva 1' Ungheria!"A general shout was the answer to these words, after ful conduct of some of the members, has made EnglishLiSSKBI) OIL Bteady at 30/. LATEST. 100 . 116to, irom want of organisation and from the disgrace- which Garibaldi retired to the Foresteria. " men regret-that they ever.came out. While there has55 10 1418 1832 31 3 159 45292 . 20925 26 3256 43 4 102 110 41Einns drooping. OILS are nominal. RICH—Nothing done inAmerican. SuGAH—Spirited demand, and tending upward. San Joaquin....Stockton 348 537 478 77Victor Emanuol, King of Italy, and obedience to my the whole'body. PKOVISIONS are dull. •'.;'»",.,' «*superiors. iBwearnot to.abandon ray colors, and to gvl think, in tne first place, that the volunteering prin- ,. LONDOW, Saturday Evening. Calaveras... San Andres.. 139your colors, for I eaw on the 1st of October a handfulof you not only defend them, but beat an enemy farsuperior in numbers. The commander of the infantrybelonged to the iambus 3d battalion of our Warof FRENCH INTERFERENCE WITH THE SAR- Independence. Follow him, and I am sure you will-never deviate from the path of honor." Then, addressing the liusBars: <while many are loafing about the streets, a discredit totheir country.." A n d what shall 1 say t o yon, Hussars? From the impression produced at Gaeta by the French interportunity to increase the immortal name of the' Hun- the French Embassabor, and the Sardinian Ministe'r, Santa Clara... .Santa Clara.GAET A, Nov; 2,1860^:;; TVe.re the only representatives of European Powers Solano .Vallejo. garian Hussars. Our oppressed country looks to you We have been for several days under the influence present.. The Lord Mayor, in giving the toast of the Napa...Garibaldi ip the mean time, had come Out on the bal-cony of. the Foresteria, where the sight of him, asusual, excited hurrahs and demands for a few words.Having- acknowledged the enthusiastic reception, he sick were taken down to the hold; everything was addressed the people, saying:T uolumpe.... .Col. &. 8'Precincts AmadorCalaverasEl Doradoenemies who threaten you. theirs is yours.. ' . ' • " ' _ ' •Your cause is theirs, and12170 20 10 7412 358 4,434 56213,105 2,402you that the chief of them is the Pope. If I have ac- at sunsetyesterday evening it returned to tne port ofquired any merit with you, 1 have acquired that of Gaeia. The moment he was relieved from the surveil-telling you the truth frankly, and without a vail. . In lance of the French fleet, Admiral Persano opened a fireSanFrancLaco, partial.. T otal.2,56211,041fl -" I am a Christian as you are; yes, I am of that re- ligion which has broken the bonds of Slavery and has proclaimed the freedom of men; the Pope who op-Sonoma Co., incompleteMarion Co., incompleteSanta. Clara Co., incomplete 1,373''it'-?''IIId, Hudson de laMantanya, stove dealer; Vth, D. Gaven, in the evening the capitulation was signed. Thus, the The Augsburg Gazette says that the total number of tory, and gave as instances the state of our industry at dealer in real estate; Vith; H. L. Dodge; Vllth.W. C. Hinckley,themselves to the.other Provinces which your Majesty The negotiations began at 10 a. m. at Santa Maria, and versation'. . ''-Mi$- governs with so much wisdom,'verifying' your solemnpromise, thatTtaly should belong to the Italians."The King replied in a few expressive words.The deed of annexation was then drawn up, the Dic-tion we turn our eyes, the general aspect was satisiac- bugbear which has so long excited Neapolitan imagi- troops in Venetia is. 135,000 men. The infantry com- home and the development of our commerce abroad.dealer in real estate; IXth, Eugene Crowell, druggist; Xitn, John C. Ayres, braasfounder.North and Garibaldi's expedition across the Volturno ItO guns, and six butteries, with 37 rifled cannon. defeated the Neapolitans in a pitched battle, tatorship ceased, and the Ministry resigned. •The en- made the main body of the Neapolitans withdraw be- The largest garrisons are at Venice and Mantua. Thethe cordial cooperation of the allied commanders and on the evening of the 5th inst. As it began on theforces in China. .England did not numerically rival the great armies morning of the 8th of October, and continued until itawhich Continental Powers kept on foot during peace, close every day without interruption, only Sundays but in bravery and exploits our anny would nval any and two days of adjournment out of respect to theforce. Weredresstheinferiorityinnumberofour memoryofthelateGen.Clarke,itoccupied23days,took about two thousand prisoners more, and, thusiasm of the people continued. A Naples dispatch hind.the Garigliano, the preparations to reduce Capua Fifth corpswas daily expected in Venetia. Villafrancaset sail ior Spain or Germany.Lamoriciere, whom the generosity of the Sardin-ian Government granted leave to visit Rome, isplay-' ing'a rather ridiculous part in the Eternal City. The deed, there was a moment when the signal for firing whole attack, and took up his quarters in the center atreplies being that he desired a confirmation of the mining possession, and the two-league grant, in terms used by the Mexican Government. The questions were such that they naturally suggested to the mind of every reasonable man present that Judge Hoffman was in favor of confirming the claim, or that his mind was not made up on that pointi"United States Senators E. D. Baker, J. P . Benjamin, and Reverdy Johnson will start for New-York on the steamer to leave this city on the 10th inst, and probably Senators Gwin and Nesmith will also take the Sams'COMMERCIALINTELLIGENCE.LONDON MONEY MARKET.—The-.'advance in the to peace and unity among the nations,of the earth, The sum of $835 56 was contributedto the WashingBuiik of Euglund'M rate of discount on the 8th inut.. from 4 to •!£ which they all ardently hoped for. W e desire to ton Monument fund at the election precincts in this city •|j> cent, had no eiiecf on the funds. COIIHOIB were very firm on maintain peace, but while'we respect all other nations,that day, aad advnnced \ $> cent. On the 9th, the market wa» we desire to hold fast by those principles of liberty on election day.very ateady at the advance, and COUHOIB cloned at 93i®U3jj forI'ope offered him the Roman nobility, and has had was given on board the Bretague, and, if the SardinianSanta Maria. Each side constructed its own batteries, and manned them, too, but, as we wore rather short of artillery officers, some were lent to us for tho bom- bardmentbythePiedmontese. Thepointsagainst which the batteries were erected were, on the Fied- montese side, the south-westerly angle, which liesdose to the river, in the direction of La Foresta; from Santa Maria the bastion of St.. Salvatore, which pro- tects the entrance of the, railway and of all the southern roads from A versaand Santa Maria into Capua; and on the right the bastion of Santa Maddalena, which looks in the direction of St. Angelo.•To reduce the first the Piedmontese erected two bat-teries,'oneoi'threerifled12-poundersandtwo10-inchmortars at a distance of about 1,600 meters from, theLord John Russell's speech in acknowledging thetoast of the House of Commons, only slightly referredto political topics. He said he thought the sentiments whichtheFrenchEmbassadorhadexpressedtended boat. •: -•.-";•'a medal struck in his houor; but the general cannotve^ehs had continued to advance only three minutes,beproudofthesedistinctions,whichremindhimof theywouldhavereceivedabroadsidefromtheFrench hisdefeatatCasteltidardoandofhiscapitulation lieet. AdmiraldeTiuanhadassuredtheKingthatheThe French guns were all shotted. The decks were sent from the Piedmontese headquarters to direct the cleared. Everything was ready for action, and, in-which was to be the object of a separate negotiation and Convention."Letters state that the Marines in China would return lo England on the 1st October.that might be anticipated from the French Commercial Treaty.nations has at last disappeared. prises 122,000 men, and the cavalry is in proportion. When tbe approach of the Piedmontese from the The.artillery consists of 30 batteries, with a total ofHis Lordship adverted with particular satisfaction toThe argument of the New-Almaden case was closedThe line of attack was divided between our forcesFrench fleet has taken such a position as to make anattack from the sea impossible. Still the King'scase is desperate, and since Gaeta cannot hold outan> longer, and the Warsaw Conferences faihjd to thought that a change of policy had occurred among in all about 4,000, took the left attack, from St. Tamaro carry on negotiations for a treaty of peace with the from the bottom of our hearts, to win and preserve give assistance to the last Bourbon in Italy, he will ' the Great Powers altogether favorable to the Bourbou and La Forcsta to Santa M.aria. The Cosenz Division Embassadors of France and England, arrived at Tien- their friendship and alliance, but we-are determined by now yield to the advice of the English Admiral and came. As evidence of this, for four successive days remained in its position at Santa Maria, and was em- Tsin on the 6th September. We are assured by the the manly dignity of our position to prove to themlanded at Naples. These latter consist of two brigades, i little credence in England: —[cheers]—to be bound by ties of friendship and alli- of a confirmation he desired to have, to all which ques- both'of them weak, and one of them, the Brigata Re, — "Latest advices irom China announce that the ance with those nations particularly whose interests tions Mr. Benjamin replied, the general tenor or theof the foreign fleets.the French squadron prevented the Piedmontese iieet idoyed in the attacks on the center; while Medici's last accounts that the treaty had been signed in that that we are worthy to retain and enjoy that friendship from landing troops on the banks of the Garigliano. ;ivision, which had relieved the Piedmoutese at St. town, and that the exchange of ratifications would and alliance. [Cheers]. Lord Palmerston concluded Angelo, had the right attack. Gen. della Rocca was take place in Pekiu, according to a special ceremonial with some remarks^on the benefits and pacific resultsA letter dated Gaeta, Nov. 2, says:" By the conduct of the French Admiral, it was with two battalions at Naples. These two brigades, Chinese Commissioners Extraordinary appointed to are most congenial with our own. We wish, I say,St. Tamaro side, and another of seven rided guns to. mained stationaiy. 'J.he only change haM been a considerable de-the left in the direction of La Foresta. Agaiust St. cline in (he piice of tho shurcs of the Illinois Central and New- York and Erie Railroads:Mola di Gueta, and the Piedmontese headquarters have been advanced to Hifisi. On the oth inst. a Sardinian fiigate stood into the bay of GaGt'a to reconnoitre. It•B&>- v.-Salvatore a battery of three rifled guns and three.mor- United States lis, 1868.tars was erected to the right of the Santa Maria road, United States5s, 1U74.. ...'.-98 ®100 was ascertained that,the defences .were in good condi- SW ® 94 had been thrown up, so as to command the road toand a battery of two mortars to the right rear of this battery. Against Santa Maddalena, finally, there.was' a battery of six rifled guns to take it in its left flank, and another of two 32/pounders to take it in front.All these batteries had been prepared,.without a shot being fired from any ot them until all were ready yes- terday afternoon. Thus the position of them remained unknowu to the fortress up to the last moment. Part- ly to conceal the position of these batteries in ca«c of a•recoimais»ance in force on the part of the enemy, aud partly to protect them against a covp de, main, the out- posts" were gradually pushed forward until those on ;he right were at' the edge of the glacis, at not more than 400 or 500 yards from the ramparts. Little para- llels were thrown up to protect them.- One must al- low that, the Neapolitans tried their best to break through thib circle, which' shut them in more and more, and scarcely a day passed without some demon-ckv Marvli.•nd Ss,93 'a) 95100 telvz Gh«t«. .'.posts, siboveall against those of Medici toward St. An lT.iian-.a7s, 1st mort.; 1f!fi5..•lieve that 100 bushels shelled corn was ever raised from one acre of 'ground here in the Connecticut Val- ley, and our meadow hind is held as high as $100 perCASKKTA, NOV. 1,1860. stration or attack being undertaken against our out-•,»l««llllMM"'*-Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Streetfflge^sjigorouslypushingonthetiegeofGaeta.Troopsand report the following: Tho market for American State Securities a siege train Lave been landed, at the small town ofAMERICANSECURITIES.—Messrs.Bell,.Son&Col,MosFachusetts f»..Mississippi Ss, Union Bank Bonds Pennsylvania 5K ..,Pennsylvania5s, 1U77South Carolina 5s, 1805Teitnem-ee 6s,'diversVirginia 6'H, 1886;Virginia 5s, 1888...lllinoiH Central 7s, 1875.....Illinois Central Cs, 1875Illinois Central 7s', Freoluuds, I860Illinois sharesMichigan Central 8n, RHi9Michigan Central sharesNow'-i oik Central os, not convertible, 1U83 Ne.v.-York 7s, convertible, 11X4New-York shares...Now-YorkandErie7a, 1st mort., Uio'7.... New-York and Erie 7s, 2d mort., 1859 New-York and Erie 6s, 3d mort., 11183.........VI 'S>14 "... 85 'w 87 88 ® 89 86"® 88 ...-. 80 lb 82 83J--& 84 at ®-83The Perscveranza of Milan says that Lord John Russell's dispatch is just now of inore value to Italy than would be a; decisive battle.;.,, ;.",.'•Gen. Lamoriciere has left Rome on ten months1, leave of absence..... , „AFRICAN MAIL NEWS.LIVERPOOL,. Saturday.<\....... — 1a> ~ , The EtLiope has arrived with ^,100 oz. of gold dust, and I consider it an excellent crop. The oat crop was;din. 31 'w 39 91 a) 92 -38 "&> 0085 rW 86 .. 94 ® 95 78 ® 8090 'ib 93'89 ® 91 ex. 81 © 8 3 29 'id.31 .100 ©102 RX) ©101 90 'w 91and $2,7 00 in specie.Tho papers contain accounts of Prince Arthur's re-ception and entertainment at Sierra Leone.heautitul. The latter part.of it was somewhat dam- aged by the heavy rains the last of August; selling now for 40 ci^nts per bushel. Apples very plenty; selfgelo. In spite, of the assistance whieh these attacks derived fromthe vicinity of the fortress, they were in-variably repulsed, but only with serious loss.Yesterday afternoon, at 4 p. m., the signal for theopening of fire was given at last, and our batterieswent merrily atlt. But neither did the-fortress re-main idle,'and for the first hour a perfect shower, ofmisfriles was sent in the direction of the batteries,which, however, caused but very small damage. The , tho quotation lorJVliddliiinw.au 12ic. ntSew-Orleanstsaid to have Michael Btirsworth, No. 356 Pearl street, but it was By the way, I consider The Post a very gentle-aim could be but imperfect, for the trees prevented a . heen received per Vamlerbilt), aitd sonJ© Very High prices were happily 'discovered' at an early moment, and extin-good view, and all was but-guesswork. It was the obtained for the current qualities of American, the sales reaching guished before much damage was sustained. From manly paper, compared with The Courier, w. H. H.-On the, 9th there won a partial recovery, iu Amerian Railroad •Securities, hut the Quotations J,UJ u o t reached Liverpool whenour pin eel cioiied.> „,, _ ' . JL.ivKK.rooi,, Nov. 10—a: m. COTTON—Ihe Brokers'Circular ftaV8: « An extra-and the American bark Buckeye sailed a few days pre- the present state of .things. It is too humiliating toNew-Orieaiis wm fur, beyond the reality, and a pause immedi-bardment, Victor Emanuel arrived at St. Angelo, and ately ensued, with some reaction upon the high prices paid on diary, and accordingly notified the Fire Marshal to iu- Eleventh Ward is Simon Hazle.'o«, instead of Harie-These troops belonging to the Brigade Eber had re-ceivedordersthedaybeforetogodown-toNaples,. wentuptothe.hightstohaveuviewoftheproceed-; Saturday;sincethen,however,theluurkeihtubeen*urpriUnglyj\eoUguUthen.atur. tine..•':.. ,-.t\;..V\ '' .'•'.. HUntitled DocumentM ».. MAaWtiMKSai • ;." ,..••i•. . , . . . ' •Wakefield, Nash 4c Co., Bigland, Athya it Co., and others, reportt.uict; Congou, 1/3. Sl'iKiTs TUKPKKTI^-'K, 34-S.34/6. LI.VSKKU Contra Costa.Oakland. . 84 70 17226 10 $LAKD firm, but dulh WHALEBONE dull.••- +THE LATEST.,'.Tuolumne. •Sonora 238 Sacramento... .Sacramento City. (Maj.) El Dorado.... .King's Store 4 El Dorado.... •Duncan's Store... 19 Son) a Clara... .Gilroy Tns'p. cm. 134 Santa Clara... .MilpitanandAld'n 43 Los Angeles.. •FortTejdn 6 Shasta .Shasta. 183 Tehama .ChicoondTeh'ma 129 Tehama .Camptonville. 54 Tehama '.Timbuctoo. 89255 289 26 25922 •I 35159 4556 109 1 44 5 3 69 100 21124 104 37 104 84 7 59 148 15134 201158 272 13 270 127 1984 112 27 15 2510 524 127 57 30594 820 14390 188 14 146 122 6 7 12 6259 173 88 59 75 5041,6669,007,9448 156 El Dorado.... .Spanixh Camp.... 40 Army and Navy, spoke of the volunteers as the pride El Doaado.... .Missouri Flat.... 20Majesty s Ministers. . He 6aid that in Whatever direc-vious with a cargo of slaves. think of submitting to black Republican rule, as tbey . i » i ' ii i « » « - > » « • • • • — io'clock, a 1,'re broke out in the brush manufactory of f ;>1 to satisly.Placer... .Todd's ValleyPlacer .Forest H i l l . ;El Dorado.. .Diarnond.Springs. . 145El Dorado.. .Georgetown .. 145El Dorado.. .Uniontown. . 54El Dorado.. ,Fcerv'e,lsti.2dW.272El Dorado.. Strawberry 35El Dorado.. Upper Placerville.. 48 38 102 12 £1 Dorado.. BrockhVs uRanch.. 50Nevada SanJuan......... 19 27 33ville... Sacramento... .Sweenernians'27— 598 , .Vol. &4 Prects... 246 .9 Precincts 223 .Maine Bar 27 Santa Clara... .SanJose^.2 Prec 440 Monterey.... ."Watsonville 113 Santa Cruz.... ..Soquill Precincts. 17 Tulare.. ..WoodvilW 7 T uolumne.... .Three Precincts.. 102 Nevada .G. Val.&3Prec. 329 Tehama...... .R.Bluff&.3Prec.263 Tehama .NomeLackee 1• M'ysvihV.li^W. 246 .Visolia,partial... 59 .ChineseCamp... 35236 71 16308 131 31 113 149 138 12429454 114* :, ;..•.- - '•./.^.r >.;; .-;-;.,',i.«,v'V.in/. • ' •." •",'••""•••' • -gjgjj^Mii^^MillSl•I H M U l lrkFulton New Yo 13069'•I*. .11 *.Ml I.I. •• ' * • " fg mwww.fultonhistory.com' .' • J . ''-'•-. "'•v..- 