 t'sufficientpiogresshad been made in toe ion to quesThat isandI consider Mr. Lorcoui a sound, safe, "«'"«»->man. He could not be aecdonal if he tried. Hiabirth, his education, the habito of hia UiB,aiid Uageographical position, compel him to be iiatiiii«ai,r All biB feelings and toterests are identihed with tbe great valley of the| Mississippi, near wfaoae_ r^'the BowtogTlHse allegntlonsto theauelvet, are ecntra.!l''te<l by facts.latter as wiser, purer, younger ::r;i mpted by time and seif-indiilge.-.ce.j|>''mmt to** oatMlM «r On lapoalMUIrttfe t»l tknw «» kta.-akan* i^ <U«|o^ TU* b skara nnir m kMd jodflMal «IV a mo^l trtal-foluv*Maot ,,. laeu Of RepubUdha fslth lu Toscaoy aadelaewheie led people to roM (attkagMnalopla- liB iHilitMiit hj all pMpIe. altkoagli UBuyao'""havtagtotred»cedtoaqaastlaa,aadwishedtoleam aaiiakatton. fron the Fotatga Beeieiaiy tf it were trae toat offers*Mt t« tbe lle#BbUe«« tSaket.St. Looja, Juae U, 18«0.reakvntk.bMlB««ttMdid ItbadbeesnudeOythe Amerlcsn lOrernmeDt to co-^sneiato wlto her Majesty's garersmeB: m supprssstog the slave tralBc tLord J. RuBsau, ssld be was aaxtons to state, beforeoeme Cif honor,gaHi •• Mdy axpreocd l9 <n«>T <>•to S3r;o?ss^!^bi5^ss'of3bnaitosnbjegli:igs|O. BL Srewinitg, Esq., ^tncy, JU.>oaebesCadraatage, are BiunieatJaaB- tbal, irMTaawffl b« b«t •* tojwHe te Aa uainr Ofgaaisaltoa yoo"*'^TMand sopsrvlstoii.against the alienee of0iK:yonr letter ofhMr of Um muwlil wUoh tbe g*llu>t .MlMr>,uid tte w.y te let .boutby tie FftnoH tJwre of natloii»l troops nn-totolslatterbat V°\^^}f^,^T marks which bad fallen from toereforaUsf ^^^^^^S. member for tne University of Dablto (Hr. Weits-agaiast rnurgeraeni of itsMTJhiigWwatfonthtiogetlier from rarioui oorces,SftSiTtoiS^srEvai. AaMSSiu himself,, f2icSy be^ous to seewlto toe tree action of Americau vessels. Ano'Jier the haadred eyes of caure was the Imperfeotton of American law. An^ImiaaaUlatterKoutdbe mthled ttdo so. to toeHerof toe that the pressure should not produce a counter-Ibat the nationallieving Onvenimeutbaspolicy, ought not s^ to exercise inpotrer'alh«BMabllewuiip«el ton IMU to 18,000 moodiviouality,vigor havingmade himselfof areatljiK aa ,„|i o( ooorsa, h»T» b«m to anaalaa tUsto Tho« who ksow totlmately the ^TM'»;*""b^eMlBe that osless LamosioisbsofAfo^rcaic.'i^l. Tto BO«t natural waycsi. P«ortde bios-Wlto regard to the qoeatloa of toe slave trade. It was one wblirb must deeply Interest toe Boose aad toeomintry,LiACOLK's trumiiiaUon a cordial and heart; aup-Ibnvkr nn-^<^b«eii doa* l>3' <'*('*"ctuhceshtorByo.rabto meaiber forsoStntoartoegham to statement of reference topott. due toso,itis(kingpa ^ Imf**'*"'! tintA«'rSog theOeneral; w^Wought men,pctsnastTB underabu&heL With^MpoliticalaHm^ Wlitt^"*lam^^'** ^* problem raoitht, and ac-Tlrfch ifllwMoh JTySSffir wnTbe^rideiod by the otoers as an this eountry snd Spain, asd toat at present thereJfe^4buXSnc«»r£l, first as' ItaUans, and then were no efiiotrut means tor suppressing it. This \'ja last dou >tgood ground for supposing that I felt any pique or dissa'jsfaclion bacauae the Chica-3)||iji«,»»iytnrStripped of all DysUfiC'ttian, Uie question on whichthe meettog will be called to pass a judgment appears10 me to be tots : Shall we sotHslt to be taxed by anIriespoKBlMe bods, or sliall we hold fast to the consti- Unlttd States that by keeptog toe British and Ameri- prtsture. When Prance is satisfied, toen*'tollonal maxim o) our fathers, which declared that can ciulsers to tympany off toe coast of Cuba nas (.eaco." This even the frlenos of the Secohd impoliticmseize ker, thoughsight Majesty's Gov-have notystbecame so demoralizedof Freocb Inatincton aad offioara.Jrif wlth^!r» iid make himself ubiquitous and tovlsnle,He thouU add to theBut la declaring inji intention to myKelf to stoto soDie of thedofacto andanduiiBililafitfnnUka mlty ofJbSall around him, aad night- »h<l neglect no o,.-Cnba, between SO,l«eo and 40,004 slavesopmions and rntecedentoopini«L (r•fS^faeUiig"^^%Mlk Mhriat Oiliaisailon and under dlffeiont beidi-inportedinto toe Island.30. Tbe speech of Achili.b Fotnj), Minister of Stole, evldentiy intended as it is for (lermaay, willparticulars, like There was nomyown.'^•MMMatito dlSRmce. Tbs French gnitrmn oBt of a lane army, chowa abora allsuppo'foreign1^ta^wMB-Spaia way as other iruopd are drilled mBepublicaiiparly,without tend also toatoteiaganstihe exactions ol an arbitrary monarch, mere-ma njaetad wlthoat beins The formation of an armywhoseare, in some importantlEerecuiude and thebe has not failed to avow hij affairs upon ali fittmg occaaiont.This, I know, may subject him to the kuaimm censure of that class ol poUtidans who -i-tlSttie goose A^r ten years of mcessant Itbor a!>out -l.uOO ofty Is In direct opposition to the imity of pji%'e. ,iriciidshipThey inraaliwiai Ktfatto suit tbe exigencies of the buthour, itonteaiatkbeen got together, and t&ese form tothenational lo tne handsof purse-s^rlrigehad never been iiiern'<ers of their concurred with them in opinion about the'BMatt«Mf«ha*e^itoobably Uie most reliabie part of the Pontlncal army.placeUpwards of 4IJ0 irrespooslble rulers ?ry, I do not believe they would have sanctioned a her- ecitar; branch of the Lecitlatoie, wtibout that con-me,butgovern- and the Constitution;dtlKreu parts of Germany, and, abjveall, Aastn^t. sne»e, omnipotentand toali our commerce, under the pretence of improvingAsais donated. Oue cannotexactlyMr. Li.vcoLtJgood supporting ag-ii.istdom of Naplesof Peers lo revise and reject our budgets, and what man possessing any self respect would reta-^iii in the ranks of a parly which was impotent to carry its';quite so closely, and aic open and rounied at the bottom.yeaorlsi it takes no pleasure in t7ranaiz:.'i£ ovvr Ms subjects ; but, aa it caiuiot miinisin it^lf aut by force, it must hive recourse to the aaiie ois-ins its is the Kingdom of Maples .\rbltrary arrests, bin-nOgaceived any recent communications from toe govern- ment of the United States, or intended making any fresh proposals to toat goremment on this subject?they would, as toey are certainly very becoming to most faces, and scarcely unbecoming to any.SfazzlBl's I,ast manlffesta.We translate from the Indepcndance Beige thefollowtog manifesto from MazzixxIbelieveIt to be all tbe morenecessarytoattbeHepubllcanPartyshouldgivesignsoflifefromtimeThlswlll create a new sensation in toose localities,should they be fortunately farored with as arrival. manyis not yet full—the day ha-s notattention for#mniBeBt li> Ikein hats Citognafltoraabonrg8t. Germain,in a Paris,come when ityet to toegj"""' *S°l*£g '?'''' the Austrian levies, and jaWy tta aBBstmeirt of a tew Roman nobles, -hereWithdrawal of the Isthmiu Ulall. LKTTKB FBOM POBTUASTXK-GENIBAI. HOLT.people.poUtlealthe tHgh«r clasws. as for tha Bnssaa.Betttogbas come from France, where aFrom theit lias concentratedtoe legislatios of the House ahowa tba "Js*aslgBa»«i!rspWttorNew-Orleans Picayune. Post OFHCB DtPABTmire.;effortt, yetOf GyraiBatentsawsobarmto I.aiioaii.'iias'Bd^:terml-I.We have passed a blu, aad by a Urge maitatrttoe Kanaat dUEcolty farerai by her tiliil«>i» IntotreUmoatliMeraCanstttBttao orerwhelatoglijnoftOaalwasauMtMd.nloa to destroy his own reputation, and in histhere was aicin-cspltal Invested to that trade, altoough the clU-WiSHiHoioN, June Monday,p'av- is- -K»L twi^ fiavanlad Bretons and Vasdeans from citiis'.-to time, stocesystematically burlesqued.tog Iks Dob Quixote;but It has hitherto mherand the tame Seaatt truak "' """yetout unity, and no peopletor do we deny tbe deeds of Borne.base acts, have passed likeaud his-criii'-izod by thousands, wi i:e the can- all the unmanledbenefit itgcalaulhoritrpoliticaltame timeof our o walew AuitrtanMoparty ever eiisted that has beeB treat to Ito pUBMadcourse, the Imperial(oxtlon of Amer- lens of the United Statei generaUy were opposed to«f I*TiiBai._.atoand we;^We have protested, and we still protest, la theMoralelai„ ,._.tetsraato aa4 jpatnu. the pototFiench at Romeslaytheof CheWbeo I receired Hay2Zd,IbaddothoughtthattheaiuweiwouldThey haow that ail retmn is Impoaalblc to theoa—:aatanaaf na tiiair parr would ever atone for the miseryIhay have l&fl:cted, and that in case of a popular risetkty «oald have no maicy to expect from their ooua- 'bymfD.Tha saxt thlni which was done was to reorganizetor tbe inter regr.ain vraich the Republic ere- future budgets. Let us see what their course has & Bot only dlsoigan'ted what had eiisted be- betn.AkCi but tkad Uaewlte stoijped the current of eolist- tCBt, so that is tbe lirit iLStance the Swiss force was eoaposed toss of 8h1i9 than of advenlurers of all ^aaatrias, aapeclaily Geiman Kepuoll.;ans, who, after ttaaCalrsof Baden, found tlis(useives rorlag a*>oat, aad aaUstad. The conjoq uence ot it was, tn»t hav- Xn poefcatcd the booniy, ihey deserted Creeiy. Since flwt ttme the force has been somewhat cleared ol^ItosaittoaBCBta, and strengthened by many of tno^ement of the Ti-rritories.and I think tbe only grounds, upon which I wascasion in respect of the paper duty will, if tolerated, 'tta Bwia* fare*. This was rather dUSc;ult in toe De- be esUblisbed as a precedent, and be repeated withultimately show itselt to be a war with Germany;Convention,I have little tosay, because, whetheryet unbrokeo current of our:,theyMM4toadnever rnUniy gotild o', wnue the accession of thosedisticcllou between the African Slave trade and thi; with China. In -Africa toe ttalfij hal been fosteredwars snd civil contests, in which whole villagesconsuioed n tbeusing,leavingnokad laf t Iha Neapolitan service, and were en-uine of general elections the question was b.-ought UTider The notice of candidates for Parliament. GrHCually, by means of petitions, an eniighteced bywhose there can be no doitot about. bearingcoutinuingob-texts some«ihaii way homebut Uie first leavea waswc do rot COU1.I. by means, the fitting out of ligHtion upon their respective parties. Aud henceparticular objectionable phraaei, pas*or apok-them;anyarmamente, for U can nerer be positively recognizeded, perhaps, in the hurry ofen iu the heat of oral debate, anato the public as the doctrines ofiam. ABBlTlsbaadosemost,aadtbabussofthosaequaetodtotbaiiaichasooaafroiathere. FromBaMMkMOBMSata(xp^tadshortly,battoayhave engagedintoeslavetraJSc,aadtheytosreforedeter aotlBtantrsd. Mtt-taaTalha l,«Mr Irish arrivad, mined to procure toe recall of those gunboats If possi- «•» rMfe^Sfltowtae asiiactod. Aiehblahop Craiaa ble. The American people became excited on HaUt'kaaw giwt aaato lUs enUttsasat. Thayears, wblcb,aeknowIed£togproclamationsDepailmentmeasures for the wiihiirawai of the steamer from theRepublican Part.ir" the"::!;•MMo^Balgtom, aad tktu proeaed via Aa». taiBtalUHrtTsubject of toe of aud toe right search,July next, (the date of exotrit'on of MThe candidates nominated a'.men who, as in'Jividuals and p->iit;c:.'.ns.aMBjMaa^foraadri nul will >>« shiDpeiis,-.fh\z.~-icapital are their finews and muscles, aniIsMa 60 Aae«aa.,^Thay«»VR»i(seddoes notThe RepabUosn Party approve, anyFrancisco wia not be lorwarasd »i<ithe foremost of the country.jectiwn to Mr. Haulik personally but only to his this alike to too native citizen, and toandtotaB«|daUaia. ax abovt £10 baut^, wUebAows (bat area that 70 ware compelled to do one of twoto IsalMd anthti*aBti to daas. If thtog;s-more transient,him nom elED lands who bas declared Ms totenboo to uvai-^otth 'tU* ligBCg*—tlMfJto«B»^tocC>tk*"M"!*«D,Gb«lBala.iB'lCb^adhr betC^r oppOTtvakiea anlaidabaariy U%.' ffit taleato aW ><>« wOttaG«D*ni LsMoffiKhad^UpowSs totrMtform tttosailsht,perhaps,answerpoaitiaii preteotbegioaiac elevgtioo. he baa ownjwllclenalythe present atato of the qoesilon, theKme asd all these tolluences youS uiS«lKru?a;of bis right honorablelenltOTj. We protest also against the alavith custom of subtntuong lor toe country snd a aa m-; but,waivtog it now.allexcates,Iofhismanliood aad ia^fiatta of Argus aad the hands of Vish- eyas heiesyrtem. It hang, t* 55ll"v.riJtthSbSSirof arouod theUp ssd maiohwardstoe mark: wnhoutblm, If he atojis; agatostIn politic* tie bas butbis own moral and totellectualV i ^w-^fflU ajljfktiC'^Mlia''||>l tttBC~waatBd. Fontlfleal aoldlaia and SSSiHvof d^« blm harm. The removal of etery » as carried on In contempt of the treaty betweenia* waa <?»»l«»d by which a numbercunntog for wisdoia and faiaetood forcauses, one of whica was, as had been stated tile purposes of Loots N&polxoh agatost our couutry. go Couveniion failed to nommato me. I had no but aoch men a« LutcoUi must act to keepas bv the honoi able gentleman, thejea<.oi!>y on the pait The " Second Decemoer " and bis were never suchlecliug. Ou party grounds, I had no rig lit to with their owa characters, and hope fur sbcmbof the VaUcan wasi 'to >iuilil« rather for ponlble erenti In the'n^ffSe•<'er"fLV^'a'ewaloo1ts, wSnol^are of America of any reguatlons tliat could toterfere moieonly by advanctog tbe truth and ouda- prudentlytt^ni MfetlM tq^rmoat thoughtto toeirexpect the Domtostion I had noclaimsabroad. The French waa at hand, and a* eloM an Imlia, WM |0t op aa alreuiutaneaa allowed. IfpreparattoDS in toe most decided maoner.party,lor a>y emti^ancy ^aiiaiaii"^'«^.rtoXttotoewantofArguS and toe Sndra<. arms of Vl»>""'-J;^»'''';i"JJbadPAiHUnosjtotosomeoftoetreatlesto reference toWe needpreceded liu coupfiafmember of so any party,rightT^Sg Aodaata discipUne,exceptonly bitviewsabout thepestilentnegroqaeatioB,"I!artlctobeen Introduced his noble friend bytobound by itsttor,to keep up order, yet lo it la ;:countriestt is nolongerto tbe their and cuijfidencc,beroatl tW aapraaa Territoriea, andiwjkh aad every kind or al- tittoodarataly Uf p«y,fconeat men, however poor oth«r- firaiid to ondeitake the unenviable taak af bnllylsg their feUow-cittrens Nay, they waiaaataTas miiohaooght afiar, the opinion of toe "^attraa batoc Qiat the more a man wai compromised %Bi#lDai-to t&a ayea of the people, the more ne was to la 4MaaiaA apoa—jall-btrds, aplee, maavausuiVU, aad afina all radlcais convened seemed most ace <9pt- akto, la ardar to cut off nh. chance of an approacii thtaforceandthepeupletheyarerefuiarly dniliat la hoose-aeirctilrig ^od bullying, just in thesince toecidence of optoiun upon ceruin tions ol GuverLment. They ami Idiscieiiun,eiisteaca 3Land orguuzitloabeing aaoually It waa also true taat ItZeitmg, Haydenrtiecruistr she threw the and destroyed appeared autay Jiagin lohieh, east tht cruise Iwd noktr power toat itsin be- Slavery within them. 3. Congress, m wisdom aalwSStoe^tZillhaveas axtoBStve consptraoyFrajice> From Ihe Avgslntrger AUgtmnuhts e,e,, tot- defeat the scheme of tbaforelgsagentspeaceful assurdoces toan at tlieband dogmas subjectJtoe whole litorature whtoh calledtotobisaidFrenchh'i>m«s=e»l"f!.I's5u'n,aJbSlfepJtod<oi. tneslavetrade,calledtheequlpmeatartlcle,butthere anddemonstratedtheto iuwhich is now brokentaxa'Jon sod leprosentation should be Inseparable?Wecase where toe otoer for a case InA«( Gitveisawat of tbe United Slates, to acquire tropical tegiooa Ux. the mere purpose of converting them into SlaraI eefl not stop lo Inquire for technical precedenis the broad and simple maxim that to toe Gammons alone btlo.'gs the power of Impostog or retoioiagfor toe persons, suspected for political causes, to(Cosilh. Is it lo be supposed that our forefathers, two centuries ago. roee la defence of their fortunes•ought to attain for eighty years—Liberty. But Lloer-.generalize andthe matter of in the Slaverylyparty,down to us, as the Declaration ofhave, sanctioned bythevenerable authority of the wise and M' goodwhoestoblisbedourtostitutions. Theyare-aWKfoimable to and law, pimciptetions of taxation.The course pursued by the Peers on the proseni oc-her Majesty's Government, who had In preparation a diiipeicu upon toe subject which toey propoced to transmit to various GoverDtnonts. It was doubtlessin to t-j the conviction tuat tae vain, bring Germanywhole object of the regime of the new Empire wouldsui>poned As toUhicago.wiae poiky, aad their utility ia proven in practice by tiia ««i It is now more than ten years sines an association was foimed for advocallngihe repeal of those taxesgetoerour feelings of humanity, but was absolutely a direct infringementoftreaties. [Hear,hear.] Tnerewas,happy confidence ot the German psopls is so great, toey are »o aveisc to action, toeir t>e!lef In the impos-cotumonly made in times uf bigh excitement, under—which Impeded the diflutlon ot iinowleoge foremosta olcircumstances,andwithtbeviewtom aud the tr> prevail peace harmony,duty. The usual mode ol appealing to puollc opinion in Englani was re- torted to—that mode whitA alone makes great re- lotms possible without a retort to violence. Meet-however,subjectthoughtthe enemy of Gc many, so fim, toat it has ht hertobees totally uselei-s to attempt and make their eyespercel^ e tile apt roarhlng daugcr. icy for tbe luture good government of the country.amoi'g which was thepaperfUsB... ed from waa not ea!cu!a'.ed to public opinion was reflected to the House of Com- had been destroyed bv every kind of violence. Thewe need not wonder tliat the Platforms so madecompositioa, holdingNaples exactlywhom may be totended against toeynor toe sendingare ever acted out in hardlyvitws, is still far better than any published creed,oy the peiaoa assailed, and drawing from them their owa oiB- cbaiiuble mfereoces. That Itoe of attack ba- trays a little mind conscious of ite wealmea^ Carof this force.where moUoriS for the of thsse tares repealof andrelnforcemeuteto theforiltications miudtlo-jsleadmgtheaa&ai' toaearanle state of discontent. Now cue were repeatedly made by Mr. Miuixh Gibson, whichtopri -tpirliThey have baen, mons,4Ma g< alseoatant they can be reliedIr> fto U Ihars are people who are more detestedmaneaa men am be to see ,it applied to their aiversariea, all flfnek"""^ ",hate twoIsht harmless to have, like wlee, some nativewas raffed within Its walls. And why was this ? Be- left A'rica in one year, with toe state of circum- rate maps morerequiredbe wise ones.able tothat heup;>a sufSclen'-ished the House of Common*. byBear in mind that during all this time liot one syl-newparty,it has not chosen topromulgate anypublic wtllmgOMtjlST» wban about 1,200, wno were quartered .Tere, not a petition reached it :wsatto tha frontier, their ceparture became aa occa- quirire toto tbe subject not a breath of discussionplatloimiha.xaBctunMssl^ BW faootiog and Iitastog.<iwlss,onlyother; no committee sat to in-cate the Slave-trade. When they what compared agenerals undoubtedly busy present,of faithit is theandthelable or was bestowed onthe House of Lords thoughtb trilkforcesfrobpi. The French pattern was there at band, and decreed the aholiiioa of tiie tax, the Lords would as-—he woultl admit that toonght theymonuse, Suchmapstlons, have to be Imporlea from Germany. The de- a commonexcepUooalconstituted,itbeing imaginedHouse of Commons, wlto toe consent of toe Crown,have not beenFraEce, and will, we presume, wito but lew excrep- the Constitution, and to enforce the laws.was to feiiow it, and make an sert the army oyit. Vet and justify tocm In not abandontog all hope of ultimately suddenly,mantl for toese mars—!.tnresssry for the use of toeduty, binding upon every citizen,!ocal standard. love the nation as a whole, Theyand love all its for are bound to tbey parts, theythem all, nut only by a feeling ol cominou ioteriial and mutual dependence, but also by the recollec- tions of childhood tmd blood and Iriend-;to toearmy.These neoesaarliy requiretoct,thing, everaaidaaafen. Tti«ie are salu to DC ihere s:jme 3[ :'ie tro-jjji of the House ot Ci.iii'nonE » u' !)e 'ound to s-ipoort this ar-d becon>;ng for ladies above the ordinary .statire. of tha Bake of Moi,s»i, bu-. the onlK con'lij-i of ii?- invasion of its ri^jhts, pri\TJi gcs. aii duii-s Long ca; qut'S are geoer.tl'y only worn by yori-i^ g-ilc. chaiged &uetrl«n suiulers, many of whom a:rivec! at Surely the coun'ies. »hi-.ii iu iorcni'r sSrugities did shawls ot In'Jian uiu^n, witi a wide Mcjulin lace, AaeoBS is tbe Atutrian nuilorm, fully armed and ac- so much to put down arji'Tary pisver, but which will be greatly in favjv.-LSaNKD.I'o thf ^'tUijr "t'tht .Via-l'i/rA T.'iiu:r:A firm of engine btiildcrf cliarj"' ine, in yourof iho negro slave by maki.ij hi.-:- r;j lougm mereluoperly. but a poinioian, an antagonist powerother po .versof a di£.iolu-«J»P~«'«^'heto keeti since toe late ceiicy quietBreU-earnad hopetOn the contra-ludepeom^?liDkabbe so long delayedttmTdolBg away with "'1«<«»TMS^'JJ»^,22S ilno sisi) to reference to Colonel Shisl. HemtalBa sMiret tollaenres which will be exsrtoa thouiht toat toe character of a public officer who had servedwhether pitoclpteKing or Miaister Is of little impn-ceed to answerCoder the circuiostaiicei of the case, it oughtol tusandtoitalckthare baaa doaa wlttwnt daii(«r- I^«lS£ately have a d uOle Un in ducted by Lord MkLiusBcav, and toe attempts wblca him If he ever tiles to keep fromacted out tha ptindplaa of character. He baatbe waa aoifaitad to M. M RaTmrii. tlie;;iransporto'ioacause no rational ever toat if toe stances to toe present year—the number having beento ly denytog the obligation to support the Union and hardlyproveto--_ a. As yoa wUl remember, his Hjlmess after one evening's debate only, their Urdships have obtaining toe entire suppression of toe trade.waolAsot taJte UM regponsiblmy Qpoa hit conscience reversed a decision founded on tea years' discussion aCeaadaaistoff so many of Ms suDJac^ to a forced and Investigation, and they have defended their rash By : so enUstmeui waa resorted to, or I should proceedtog with arguments which I am sorry to be aayftesslDg, ror the volition wlilca enlistment obliged to charac'eize as at once arrogant and insult-it is that the plainapproachingcontest,rightperpetuatethe Isilute to it is a crime. performThe blight and geslal weather wito which we have Francs tiookselier in P^rls wlsnes the toUowiog gea- _ _, aa wasaaly nominal, and when on:» the man ing to the House of Commons. They who never lately been favored has enabled the fashionables of eral maps Map Qraod-Duchy Oldenr^urg,and abuse ofhas power, grownwanton and reck-centre he has spent bis whole life.ThatYallejlaiaitrtf*asssctcsaMtt fsuaiiliafatledthemaU. YotAcsUtaat we« a»4kHt>T:f*Jh^ ». h»bare kept inIt to eUefly the metamornbosis of tcio ne,v levies jority of the House, with the memhcrs of the Grrv- wliliout flounces, or any similar orriajnenr. o^sseraen- from Mr. SraAtros. of the Novelty Works,—to whomtheyperfect disciplinefollowingeir incongruous people are necessary, or evenshall come te pass, it wiL be most fortunate lorto whlah tin Pontiholal Govsrnment woiid co^A.ie emmeiit at its bead, to wliich tli<' country will not tfiie is loaoe ill a variety of ttyies for triiiiinUig the the aotltlty of its ne i general. Thosi: enrnlied look in vain on the present oocasion. To th tt party troll's of skirls aud bodies. Tee prettiest ore an imi-o'dicrs are littifc beifs, or fuchs'as. smaii lusettes ot luce, plaltsof silk, and cords of all kiiHl-s." This ornament Is ofte,-^ used for bonne's. Thecesirablc,to beincor^-'Oi-iitcJ into our uatioa, but tlie nation to find the powers of governmentof Slave lodgedand its chiefs belongs, by thrir aineio lents. pecu- liarly, the honor L-f vindi'-.itiiig *Jic lights and liber- ties of the pe-?i !e. If these h'?;fi nio'ives were want- ing, oiiers mi^ht be fouLd iii the ir.-'jftcf. of self pre- servation, lor it is evident th^t the so-called popularlaiion of auipurethought, s'jrrcunding circumstancesferatgn zealots who are troubled wlft a cou- power to control its tii.anola! measures were conceded Bir.iw ornaments are very much In vogue, both for toetriito of toeir conflicting statements the puhllc fiuion of iceas al>out ttie temporal in-l spirltrial to the Peeis, It is tiotorious that that pifty is always boiiiiOts and dresses. Not only are dresses embroi- must ju.lge. Yours respectfuiiv,dcied ulth straw seen, but also light silk aud ba- rege dresses have ornaments of straw upon tnem.power of the Pooe. Tlie luUans, whj have to piy in the n>inorlty in the House of Lords, Welive at Ihe expense of tlie legis'aii-.e depirtrnent bas attempted to discreoitand degrade ihe-JtiJici-fe^il it iu tor the termer, have distresbLigly clear notions on toe'weartoess of our tai'K whilst passing year after the aiifcrtnce which exists between them, and no. year through the Lower Ho'ise such meaS'iras as Ih-a whsxe are tbeie noiions clearer than heie at Rime. Church-rates Bill, witli the cdTi^cIousoess that so long as the Liberal partv is in power those meas'iresJOilN^ DECIiEa, ChiefdpFiCE orrns Noveiir Iros Woaxs,:ears lairs, now,•>have had little to do with af-few trouble themselves even about hissnlrit-ialpower. For iostanca, two-thirds of W'-. Car- will be systematioaily rejected by the Peers. It is loni.c'i,piisst' iiVeryUFor ii:-ooors orwalktogd ess, grisailles (or olack and:passive registrar»of partydecrees.'dinals themselves are said to h^ivcbaietieal notions about the Immaculate cojceptioa.—J. w. srUATPON, Treasurer. the one party over the other. Atid that aloneMost never even ttunk of t!i.s peopleSiiject;by over trtoTbe ^legrue» at Key West. WHAT snalL BE UOKE WITH THBM ? Correspondence of the yew- Orleans Ficayune.the condition with cheerfulexce'^dioglyste»m fi'e-engiiic known as iheEx.>eiim9nt." Sni.lslaud thewould be a sufficientposeaccept satisfaction.Bonnets are worn sUil larger than they were last If monto. They are raised over tne fo-ehead, aui Ishment, house-tearcluiig, mal administration are a such a state of thinss were to arise, it would otuy re- much trimmed Inside with ruches, or fl.iwers. 'TheKev Wist, Sunday, June 10, I860.has deaply peDetrated tbe whole countryand tine patriots. More thanthe tradi- tlons af 1S48-49 are bv no means dead, ann the events sinoe last year have revived hopes ajid rai'ed expecta- ttoas. Ahove all, in the province of Umbria an'l the Marebes there Is no other Lhought or idea butannexa- tloa to Piedmont, whicn Ls gaining ground liK^wise here. Hitherto the traditions o( toe late Rep'iblic1 Congress, anii from thatware those most cherlsbed, but a change hat taken "ten;aiiouslyprofe!Stag allegiance to the principle ofivlib a scarf of tulle lllu.>lon acro-'s, veiling a clustershall be afforded toe negroes here, who are to be da-in actual contest for the power to rule the nation? It is made up entirely of portions of the liisin-reformer on easier and cheaper terms thanaafalaoelatelytothisrespect,aud"annexation num- oan toaat tuliasants*popuiar sovereignty.regardit as one more01 roses attheside, and falUng over the pink strings.portedto Africa, as a reasonable chance of insuring^ssavar great toe llioslous may be at tha Vatlcas tiaspen toother matters, tnen; are none enter-— Whigadaathissubject. TheLetme,intoconclusion,assureyouhowglad- wortoyofthenameitbears. Tacinsidesonbonnets room,plentyofwater'andwholesomefood,atreg"!- quiretooweakloelectanymanorestablishany In many cases far too much lar hours, are afforded, toe number who wld reach principle. Tbe most it can do is, here and there,wercaiinot bekcytop by luUan forces. Toe French Insisted OBiaiMsg, Iha Neapolitans could and would not halp, so BOthtog ren.ained but to think of calling in tbaaUafIha wfcoto (Catholic world. France, fsl- tioto, Iralaad aad Ganasny, all of which have their saasaMatotlTet la tha Coselave, were all pu'. into laqolattlaB thioagh the tftorgr of those couatries. has mmRto rtnaloed ritker As for manay, the pesoy of the aeetsalty of a toan, srtlebsaams to have very Uttle chssee of success.ly I would have presented myself at your meettog. are very much trimmed— Nototog could have prevented me from o'seying your to l>e either becoming or elegantTka afeet of Ibis btUad the expectalioa.with what results ?We made a miserable failure,n. Fator coald sotThe DistrictBepublicansof the NinthCongieaaiaaaappaslcarrying no State but little Marviatid. And gallantsurely, the united Whigs and Americans of that day iiad a far greater show of streasth and farpiarantA black or brown straw bonnet should have merely a bouquet of wild poppies, oom-flowors, or wild roses, wlto black strtogs, aodblacK orbrow.-iThe crew of the unknown baik, whose captainof a few Isdlaaa tttoisMad ia CaarenUoa,la ordsv to prepare theware artUdally raised from 80 to 87lag thata tor a short time, fell back to 7«,dayi ago, to nomtoate a BaptesentatJve. Scauvi-aa CoLraxwasnomlaatedbyacclamation. Preferriacgnnmd,of successConstitutional Union party now. In fact,they again which looks not very ptomiatog for the new loan, aor MS Iha speedy organlzailos of the great CaihoUe armywUeb Is to b« paid out of it.Ifaraaerns there quite so much disposltloB for cm-the Roman Catholic a populations. Except5ff. EL'^Sf"?" *""' '^'» sounolng names £romrather thaa friends, hs ad- dressed toem a letter, from which we make tte M-teinporal popolitical friends.;thirty years ago ir.ize with established abuses, to wisk at the ilwlB queneies of old party friends, or te unleaia aad aiscard the bad omcial iiabiis that havetha Btato obligations : bat, after keep,betterto theI see no ofmeasures In any one department of GovernmentWe weretrade, and whetoer her Majesty's government had re- that tbev will not gato favor to toe citywe wish take sli future captives to Boston or Portemo'ith. to thisno doabtat all that toe govenunent ot the United States was sincerely desi- rous to as^tut to the sapDresiion of toe slave trade,The honorable gentleman had'day is coming and is not far off. The party has faito aid altoough Senate ftuatrataabutlarge1860.have to inform you that Cornelius Vak- nothing elseunfortunatoly11,jon toe coast ot Cuba had fallen like a toosderfoolt upon toe peopleit. Theemploymentof steamgonboateme dead forat^ihute to meInma, has nollfied toeUked itlives,itandthe ' " "years agotheAmericsBtkeatrnoe was so arduouspeople.California malls by way of toe Lithmus af-^ r.retxi.hhenslve Homes e«d bill, tendertog to all theae waoiagovernment became uneasy, snd at leogth to toe oUceis emtdoyad la eoas^nence of ihe iiiiCimlties thrown in toeir way,VAaniatiiT's contract,) the New-Orleani mailsrank with I ''•>'^e '"^'"d no ob-hoaatj bouriolen territories of toe West, Pro"*TM*Bat, tfcay ever ar- elther to recall tbe vessel: or to prevent their lowr-which It accepts as ruch. The Rspublicans aie too.asl Oongress bed adjourned withoutgeographical position,Butafter months of delay and evaflon, has rejeewa CTar and pasted to lis stead a mere graauatiOBaotaiBMaIt ia hart to decide woandtbtiy they eona oaeelatotha flag. He tbOBghtftom a passage in toe Frealdeo'.'s notresponetoleto die »lth toe freemen of America.rlys,tttoaBtvtoaBthay wUI thonngUy nndarstaad wifb now dear will bawbsa feitogatallfor tbe legisla'".:? route, and with the object of keeolng uo theHon on the No subject.ter theari:^ East to allr.v hi.s pe-.sonal to exercise their proper influr-nce at But the nomination fori^efy".-,eeUBtiy where wbM to ebeap sad par blgfa.How all this Babel to to be orsaatxed lato aa aratymessage to Coogreas, toat toere were signs of an In- tenltos OB toe part of tka American government to act more coidlally wtto bar Majesty's governmeat latrya nationafforded" for legtsli- action has yet been taken,it wrliUunsBeh, which LaBosicisas proposed waAfostos ofWe do notand the Department has no assurance thatwill antoorize a continuance of the Istomus service af-is the great contro;ang »![. tlr.^=tf?'i.^°*T2y?"*' settler—and whWi ex-dlOcalttosaa. TbeCongress Isc proximo. Under toe rlrcumstances. there-the PresidencyLiscoij*, his character, talents, opiiiiinsulator or the actual taaaUaglT'an tote oneSht»artaexlste<r The Idea was•uppresstogseemed monstroustha BOSt sidemn treatyCuba. Itin dehtnce ofSada shadow, and themen ot tba owar coB^yeoTPs,Slidafter obligaHoiMjourneys, utUtyand tnasler Generaltory will'be«r«t WaaJhoroaghly not to separate bodies as theywitoout liberty.betrav the just and plato motive which Is our idealfailed. He wauled tospeelat corps, and'mlx them uoSS5£!LS'i"'TM*«?'"»»*"'"<'»«'»df- It-ras t^ .5SL''*J7*?^'" understand that the Pon-of and toat moral digidtySthSe'o^a^s^dalrrmoeostatsoanat to present(Tdba 400,000 stores, who died at the ratsIt wSlsurprise,is bised on thations are commonperfect to theery,asd in thethe Vice-didate lor Presidencypassedo\'i:thave come to^*' was teeto of Aaieilea asddirecUyThen theof our country aloae energy Ized to makedoes not consider toat he is autoor-who luinlsb Iha largest share «f tbs volontsers arb>the coscluslos thst ItJ£L •.'!5.''^fSfi.'"">°.,'"^'^"'=«- Already the first sist to csnytog on thislemalna.traac. Toere were which it woritofps to others U will find to Itself, and route toin comparativesilence..thatshoulddefeno our to war, aad who to ba i«-Gendarmerie, aadin our andPiuicxbytheDeraocrate,andHarkl'sokandd;sb»odreceive toat feelisgpoUUcal essUment wltooat which Ite regaaoraUos"Th^bSiS^iSity contains to Itself all the logic of our condnct. and tost which soiM people have bsen Bleatedtocallourabdication. Whenbaforetoelastofl5Si'^iT,?^'"J"'"°P*''"'"'imposed theireffortowouldbemuchmoreefficaciousIf*•" be rather more dilllcuit to unite theyweoretervedourfsitototact,butwethatItupwith- wassestescedtotoePesltesttaryforthreeyearsforA>Mt7i]2i^'fii employed a smaller and lighter class ot vessels. °"tv B«'«lana, .nd Irish. This dlffl- Iftbe Countytook aa appeal to tbe Sapreme Court, gave bonds lamore thanAshburtos to treatyofHowardolaeilatBataIBfavor ButthaScaata,fearinglet toe eogabjrgo on, plungtog deeper .and deepjrmohlblUBg-^—t aestuauty—asy ship hoisting toe Americaufbr aa error which Is leadtag toe coun- to belUve fatally, that wltoout liberty the unity ofcan be established. No nation exists with-;to iS too far Norththe slave trade on the coast ofcludes from what Uttle joongproltestotte-Utter,toe clhat of Molbtnthat, yearyear,lore,OiDgress ttiU inbeing aeasion, toe Post-ofEoglasd, tonialtousSpalaper-further quesUon.of ten per cwst asnoslly. Forty tboasaod were an-nually Imported, ana U toere was any farther dsfi-ciencylt totrodacUons from Chtoa wassunplled byand Yucatan. The Astericans were bound by toe„Haus,Judge Watson,HORATIO KING.So also the Uooae baa nivasto avoid the iaereaa-totheprestionoftheCubanslavetrade,buthetoousM warwesawIta.yfallIntomonarchicalwandertogsMissouri,"*u ??f?»»»' Ammca ttmU JaMy vnxtt with Ker Sfajtjlf'i gooera.wasns toe Italian basser would sow have skssed oftho »tlr„°S,' ^..'"""".^ '>y ""« "^"1 Inftusnces at nunt in tht tktni;>pre<niig tradt, t/ptadront or llu <>^ t». liberty;the Bteto. He isto toe amount of t50,000,have awith tome confideace. Aa an indinduaibUl baalsg inititoaon—theol&pringofOaiaiMu. u"°"*'«»0' "OTO.LOHS standto. uo for the countnts ervisesoMiHooa for thetogether^ and when a alavrr at-ku) beardtoatBelgians, aad Monslgnorntgkttempua to etcope by haiteme f^ Aukticoh colors, sopropertyhis secarittes will sot lose asythtog.earned a high reputotionfor truth, courage, candor.employ eighty gunssupCounty,TiyLORbytheWhigs,weresUnominatediuthistores.acswertogeveryto bit thanlulGlledthebest now, to tbe tall bbuest piide ofbe is theS?S?ff5Sifto Whose hasds "»• portssce,shout1here was noflag |^sedat all.States.anyabandonment TheM,Ibelieve,areMr.Liecou's Umb'[Hear.basr.]aagiy, wedidaotlosehcpe,M""S^,SK?Xn wlto great dlsltocUoB ougbttobe preserved ausuUied.of not to have been doubted that I would give Ur. able to sustainwhocan want of efScieut means arose from various probably destroy arival lofiuence growingcosoerstogtbe hos-togenuU*-iHily pointwhom be hopes lo do what ha Impoesioillty of su .b an event tbesquare up to.the <^ Whig staodaid. "•• tM tws yon can hardly diattngnlah them— Whether they wiU be able to overcoow toe polite mt wasno soch provltlostotoe American Uw. It there- —to toe aseuranoe of tbe Mmurrar, -* Prance is,that tietbe doctrine publicly and habitually avowaS'toSlB:Iregret:Slaveryfore beqaently taappased toat vessels upon toe coast of'°,,?? maktog so for^^^^^___ liig night tune, agatost Austria, definitely already fitted op for that pnrpcse, had been seen by our to January, at toe marriageKiontract of Prtoce Na- ea Uie tords aad tlie CaBeritatlaB. cruisers onder the American fl^g, b-at toey were of POLXotf. Fourteen days later 250,000 eoldiei^s march-lobnat men, with the aame cat aad jnertKB which they are sure to »««'""'?¥'• iaata,oalyloaayellowabootthem,thesamesees.Onetbtogiscertain.—toerhavedonenotingAirtotso,ecmohmspilekt2e0l0yoerqotoloppselianvessritnbeths-l,avetrade.toteaondd- war preparsUosswhich tbe war,r'e*solvedupproencededWStall,.^jggglf Imt^DM aaly dladnaolihlsg'maik atflm sight 'tfliv^te atwanrr of the Imperial on the ehlD. .*'5^Vt4« took into thetr orginlxatian there it a ate lor whitetheFontifiealtandarmeu (•Ml*Mba out IBOOS lUa fBltow^tixans for his ThU aaeaa atiaac* tor a force eape-bltherlo.Mr. Cebdeacarried out tbe and to byPabis, Monday, June*, 1860. to be tinable to accept the invita- Uon to tbe pnblto meettog of the Inh»bitants of Ruca- but feeling that my constituents have a light to krow iry sentiments upon the recent proceedings ofcourse unable to toterfere wito them, and taough toey m'ghtwpaosintothem outofto the Americatnhecrreuisers, still there power toterference, betog Bo.lawoftoe Ublted States which would justify it,ed toto PicdmocL How can assurances be yet of any value In tbe mouth of a Power which has broken iU agreements wito lU own people, as well as wltojudgment,pait in current poUiics as my own sense of dutyThe Idalethe House of Lords, which are, I understand, to bo hoisud the AyMTicantoregard havingtritoto those Statesbrought under their ootttlderatlon, I beg leave to uouble you nith this communlcatloa.fiag^war wlto a foreign countryas a valve for the tenslos in toelegislative powerover ali tlieallow or forbid tlu:Tnere was also anoUier dUGcult? towith desired to make me their favor I was indebted to the ; it is necessary for him fact that between them and mc there was a coin-it, and itexistecouuol uf OttogreM. 2. Congress has00flag.When a British vesselofpeartithe slavers""candidate. Forthispapers, if a British cruiser mere in thetoterlor,important ques- agreederrmesthadover theaiid uuwiae to usepiopagation of negro Slavery by planting it in tree Territory. Borne of them believed a'so that my ntmination, while it would tend to soften tbe tone ol tbeone might l}e prepared fora flag was hoisted, and toeAmerican which The question was nowproposedEuropepuwerTeriiioiies,would beSlavery many theretofore frae. 4. Territoryof Lsmiessi and Caycnie, tor toe commg year, answers thta ques- t^ixes,isanallsulBcientguideforusonthepresent undertbeconsiaeraUonoftoeAmericanGovemuient, tion. AndwbatdoesFrancewish? WhatIt hasand so far as it had been considered it seemed to haco beenfavorablyreceived. Asyet,however,nop.-om- ie had been ob'alued from the American Govern mtnt to amend their law, but toe statement they madrr \^ as a very well-fo'iinded one, namely, r^r it tvas not I'ke'y tkit any proposition fcfr rendering the Ametican lau.s 'against Siavertf more stringent wtuld ever receive the sanction n/ the Congress oj the Unitedo> iis principies, characterandattracttheopiiritini territories,aaiIea».iwluca is toe acknowledged principle ot the re-g-ime ot tae ''Second Dtcember." He has tocrefore no other ai- temad^e left but to conuoue his attempts to satisfy the desire lor Ltbeity wl.h gloty and prey—toat is as much as to say, to make war upon a foielgn country. stiiuiional reseivalion which denied to It the func- States. Tbe question had engaged the attention of We have sought ever since toe coup d'etat, altooughcase wlto rcst>ect to China was wholly different. In- asmuch as Ite people there were highly clvillzel and;practice.I shall noton the eastern bo'jndary of France—toteiilgense of 1^ Bot rallabed, now the pay does not cjme led to important discissions, and iavestlgations be- subjevt to severe laws, and the Government possessed which arrives roatinually from toe most reliablediscuss their relative.latoi.:la qvur > jiratoUrly. Their somber, I am toid, Is at fore committees, .tnd at length the ptper duty, hav- tkia prtst at moment aboat the same as that of the ing the 5 ear undetgrine the of a vote•-previous process gSBo^traaf. Bat to spire of their gruaibuac and of condemnation, was in the present session abol-It had been hitherto an cbject Hhich had xet attend-war of and we cannot draw conclusioos Defence;with absolute cert>>Iuty from their reparatioa to an at-tack Of in more are tbe uprn Germany. Importincestuoies of the German toeatre of war, with which theFrench arc at andtbe falsity of iu logic is not more tppaieat thanthe Bttevts and paletot sho'ild correspoid in trira-Stenm FireEDglnes.Taelr stimber la ciU:ulated at from 2 000 :o 2,0J'J I- is I'lacult to believe th&t one individual membsr mlrg wlih toe pcieiine. Tins form is very s'.yllsa THE CBIKF E.VUi.'iFKB'S RKPLY TO ME3.SRS.LEKi harbor?, rivers arid lakes chao^'pri : ha.-?the status-^-.''.:-gtt^itcmetrf to Qthe Kem4Dork $ime0, ddtitr^as; Itme S3, i860r sijaslM tssatr- MMkir.r.Ktaaaittoanked tbe bonorabia gentlemta forPOlalTIOAI..'con-reactung(filitoiSi proOts, aad then because tbe m.n the right of search. It was oniortaBately too inie Tbe Oermaa ApprobeatlaBa of War ^Ick argumenu with some otherwllhaU the tofluenoe.segotlatloiuTeasons, which have a conlrolUng influence overfirst, because a change bad bees made to excite the jealousy of America as to Ik^ change Is a foreigner. Ue thai ice slave trade waa extensively carried oo init.tot concealed BMrtiougii,, dot(Lordeoatred. They salt continue to arrive, and are al- have lately shown so ilttie m^i.'S ol' oolttlcul vitr^litv, ijuuuB**- Ziiua\ es are made to wear ivttirtae qu JtingsiaystochargeorAustriannfficers,whopa5«like«i^ willremindtheirrepresentJillvesthatthrr,a^well diesses,andareverypretty.Theyareofwhitequilt- tlontolato the Pope's senlce. 1 have spoken witti a*nian as the boroughs, have an Iri'.rre?t in pre?:3rvin< the iog, or toe same as the dress, and ot the same sna^ie your reporter.who came down a short time ago with a oatch of consiituiloual tranchiies t»equeathcd to them by as those worn in toe Winter, and generally bound What 1 said, when asked, 1 thought to be true, as I maniiested in its persistent elTurts to seize upon iving Valley beginning feel Ite pow- them from Tiieaic, and accordiog to his stateaient their ancestors. with a white braid. Light casomcre Zouaves are bad theiriformstion from oue of the firm mendoocd. tropical regions, not because those countries aud er, aud will soon be strong enough to dictate thewhile on boarJ. There is at least one great party, compTi."rlng a ma- still trirr.med wito straw. Many dre-rses iicngmads In verification oi my .<titement, the note tl law of the laud. Wiienever that stale of thingshitherto are only considered as a ocginiiog. aui tacoMlaato plan seems to '•x lUt-e less ihbti iae torra t-Iton of a Catholic force from ait Romiu Cri'ioi;-,eoBStiles for the deteni-c of tbe Papacr. T^e ii-laslOB of keeping up the I'ap icy by anlraliin "orcctM gone, Ir, indeed, it ever existed. It is ol'.v parly in the lIou«e of Commons could not exist If the tog*.l:,er 3t Ijie .'idc by a small bouquet of fljA'ers. tect t^e property of the City under my charge. As to the ciii!.-ingerC!i;theengire.cord is toen made of straw, or a particular kind-Af .---T have no other interest in the matter than toSo BseCcctualiy to tronsfer th? cliicl of pjiversgeneralsilk, ai.d twisred twice around toe crown and caughtI give my opinion Ireely in favor of Mr. LiacoLH, and I hope that, fur the good of the whole coun- Govetii.nent, ty try, he may be elected. But it is not my intentioD urgent efiorts to enlarge the powers o t.-.e E.cecu- to take any active part in the canvass. For ntaoythat theparty, which, by way of formation, be iulEcient to disijuit toe people with laelr Gover.i- toe evil. cheeks. The tiimintog for the outside is very varied, out to have arisen from the fact that Capt. Caivia his destroyed the organizations of the American Bient; buttliere Is somethlLg else ic the way of ever These are broadly and briefly my views on the but generally too volumiaous to be elegant. BlacK was seen wito a vessel In tow on toe south side of and Whig parties, has nominated tivo most e.vcel- satitfytsg the Romans. The Iiaiiaa I'lea o: nnrty question at issue. > iewing 'he matter Cilmly froai a lace, mixei wlto white tolle, ribbons, flowers and Cuba. Tie vessel bad gotten ashore, and toe ifo- lent men. I know them well, as <ound statesmendistance, it a;}pears to me that there is a more impor- feathers, are all worn. White crape bonnets, (M)v, haart was aishttog her out ot danger.tant principle at stake than has arisen during the po- cred with black spotted net. and tnmmed with bo»5 By toe ."Steamer Magnolia we are Informed of thelitical contests of our time. I am amazed that the of lac-». mixed wttogroseille, blue or violet velvets, safe arrival and lancing of 1,*200 slaves at Signa, inPeers, yielding to a haughty, rash, and reckless guid- are much worn. Straw bonnets have generally a Cuba, from a steam propeller, oflicered by English- time to this I have always held ttom respect ance, B.hould have selected the present mrjmeit for soft silk crown, and ate trimmed with ruches of the men, Tbismoceof trsn-d', doubtless, narrows the and honor. But what can the tnird party do an attack on the most cherished rights of the Com- sa.-rte, and frequently have lar^e bunches of flowers chances of capture, besides shortening the passage by towards the election of even such worthy men as mons—a moment even when absolute rulers are os- at the sloe. Tne Clotilde botmet, mride of pink crape, one-half. It would oe well if such a mode of retor.i tliese against the two great parties whicii are nowagainnecessity of its normal poii'ion. These aloa^ woud main for the people otit of doors to find a remedy for ruche Is generally of crape, wlto white blonde at the Mohawk hsd mane another capture, but it has tamedMust weproof that personal qualities, however great anl Tbe crown entirely coveted wlto small roses, aud the avoidance of much slckneis and discomfort. .\good, can never protect a body of men from toe de- fulltogs of tulle. Ruches of tulle, and smill pink sail' vessel under favorarile auspices will scarcely tegrated elements of the la*e and Americin toriating Infl'jences of irresponsible power ? roses inside compli.te tois charming bonnet, which is mase the passage in 35 days, and unless abua-laat parties good materials, in the main, I admit, butDemocratic President can be, loi, in ia proceedingthe good work of cleansing and puriffing the ad- ministtative he will have no oecaaioa to expose thedveipcaerst,maesnstasi,l the toterests, or thwart theambitionotbisBummoDs but the Imoortant work to which Igaged bere, and which, it is my unabatod conviction, involreg the highest toterests of the two countries.I remain. Sir, your obedient servant.R. COBDEN.The SlaTe Trade—iBteresHBg Debate Ib the Honse af Canunaaa*ican parties (not forming a.wtw- unitedam en- hope will not be long to favor.For drees bonnets, crape, tolle, rice-straw, leghorn,citing any uime':essary alarm, is there no peril in favor of the Democrats. In lfi5« the Wiiig and Amer-tous placing 500oegro3sm toe charge of a tew per Eons to cross toe ocean, from toose whose cupulty or avarice might induce a bold push at recapture ?This quesnon is not an idle suggestion, and It may jet turn out toat tostead of being fatnre legislators and Governors in Liberia', they will leam soaoe ofair? Frenchman, were alt discharged by Commissioner BsTuEL. and Capt. M.\FriT,of toe Cn/sad*rr, gave toem fairs whether his attention had been directed to the curtoto. D'ess bonnets have frequently a bloade a passage ovi r to Havana. Judgment his been givenIn tbe House of Commons od tbe 8th Inst., Mr. Cavz rote to ask the Secr<'.ary of Slate for Foreign Af-simply.Message of the Fresldentof the Tnlted States to Con.of tbe slave grest, on the 19th day May, respecting;party,those more simple a Chantiliydefaulttliev will tie sold at auction to a-xiut twenty days.success for the thi.'dveilbonnets are worn wltoout a veil.rand morningbyagainstWtld/irepossibilityexcept in one contingency—the D-jstruction of theits alms areWhile some, for^ttiag toat toey have accoua'.edendingtrie I'aa*- adopted byt;ifP ttoppoeea,a fact which it confldersasThepresent temporary seivice was engaged after'.vhi-h is some tnjught bydiscontent and discordamongin ourselvescpce and not a wordeiperi as but aol-treasury$5,009.known Mr. Lixcour fortwenty of him he baacootider tba;theand c-jrnsitloas, which give toe lietlon cf the ter the Itt ofwe loyallyleft tbe reaoU tolobUsgtoeofof He extemporaneousMU teaa .^.„ _,,,„.^. ,hm»;liliely happen year, for, badly as I tUnk of lowtog extract:asdvoy asd Nice; against tne coutinuedoftry, Bgatost toe Ulegai and duigerout oeftloa af Sa-of toe honoxaSie S«{^- question member, lanGt^vemmeutonitiia point, at,d toeldV-tbe(Mr. Cays,) that peri'ecilr concaired wlib the tt-ia me, from his humbleprofuse moment whenthenever been a eats are, In my jodgmeat, exactiyBesides,and wiun an .Kmerican power cf toe Second December to atisUIn from aFicich people goversmeot "December" aduut. But is France satisfied ?eotmdsovereign directly or todirectiy, as to plurt and rttntilialfThe raistog of the buogei;and agatost toeprematurewhat b* U, the lirat men the naiioo, waAsafatyot toe onlty of tbe coos-exciuaivethe Italian (stberlasd can know no ot ler bannit tries bat 1*8 \)p> asd Its seas, Sor any test before it has tnera aubiued.wi-h toe one wb-j roles if he aoes to-t'rt'e laTne Rcpnolicans ssy to ti>epeeragainai any adversary and in aay field where ias Weil as bhocktog to feel that when we we have to vtito pointed out toe necrssary cuuse- good or bad, that will not constitute the 'ofre-arepolitical hlatory.^m-ortifyipghs-i dci% so much we were sot able to destroy alto-quences of open facts, of toe avowals and aomissious lor Mr. Liacols. I have no my supportTheyprevail,notbecauseonly are'a iraflSc wliich was not only to all niace by ir.e "i:>eooud,l>ecember" himself. Tne spect lor parly Platiorms in general.Theyrepugnantupon which he some sibility of so great a depravity, as we nresupposa it toagooo might be elTtcted. The Slave-trade hal hlto- erto been extended to China, persons having been kidnapped and forcibly abducted from theirpressureconciliate present support, rather than to establish a permai.cnt S) stem of principles and line of pol-better for all concerned, as well those who are against them aa.ings were called, ipeeches were delivered, the co- homes by the most atrocious means. He thought tory to euierli'g tiiuu toe wat wlto Germany, watchoperation ot the public press waalnvo'rted, and at to: that mijbl be put a stop to, b'Jt there was a cSLnot be taken suddenly or to secret;measures, To toesein their nature; their power and influence arepaper of yesterday, wito having given false Irifor.na-whip and, by all those social and doniEslic chari-of jCitciday or toe iiote sent to me when I sent forill tlie Siiiate and in the clioice of trie Pre.--i-ieiit,positionsTi-in dresses must be made very full, aud toe skirtsnot set on in hollow plaits, but g-ethcred. T.i?y arr; Jons Dccsttt, Chief of the New-York party quarrek, to becorbe soou and inevi'.a theand have to aspiredno political officeandMil; triiiiii.ed round toe bo'fim ot the skirt wito bouil-Esq., Fire Dtpar'rnentdilEcuitforatialillcalDirti'to hold togetner. and toknow that much of its parllameulary labors are invain. But we have at lea;' hal the consola'lon of of a CGnirastlng color, grcsi-ii'e, green, violet, or blue, ergire"particulars,tbem, 1 am more than ever assured that forMghjg derty and aame of the arletociatiu fanaiicj, ing but of removing and a'Jjus'.Iag our 6scal buriiens, with a wide flotince, beaded with a ruche. Tne to ateTT one else's eye the temporal power of tae amajori'y of the House of Commons possessed an bodies ate usually open in front, with revers, trimmedlife-long Guiy to watch the conduct of men in power, andreproach it uncontrollable authority. Let that principle of our with a little ruche or frills. Tnere Is nothing partic- i^tth cruelty, as, for Instance, tbe neighboring King- constitution be invaded, open the door to the House ular to the rrrake of sleeves. L'ght sleeves Jo not li'reason,if I hadnot otherto resist, so far as a mere private man may, thefearful progress of official which for corruption,vieilte, &c., of the Sttma matrrial.In most, if not ot these all,disorder of parties and the elements which com-I unler- Ri^publican Party judging it by its acts and by the .kiiov.'n opinions ol many of its leading it is the temporal power which prej"caaic5 believing that on the vital question of taxation ani is suitable, or foiiiaros a ma'erial much pat'-otused i|rco Of course we cannot deliver tne same until we men—to be tbe exact opposite of the De.rnocra-.ic every ooe, and whatever m^y be tae opinion of the expenditure, ioclitdtog not only tbe no *-cr of impos- j -jst now. I'hese may be made wito a Polonaise, are raid or secured. Yo'irs respectfully, I'arty ; anil that is the ground of my pre'erer.ce cf•rtlute mixed) taffetas, MKOtkeJ with little silk 11 isvers— dor e onus until we are for work, paidme, personally, there is no political future, aud ISir I ;for war were carried osRepublicans as afor I have aa to beNiw-YosK, Tuesilay, June 19, 18C0. (aiy, by otTeciing to makeit,a', first,thearbi-erof j'.y;EngineerDeabSib: We underst.aiid you hare sent for tiieexcitement which coo-cnuntrr, and the genera! disruption andIs retainedP,years ago, amouoimgti overstartled at thepolicies. The thirdreportEngineer. I>pastIpublicbat this fashion we toeir native land will be small mdeed. Without ex- in particular localities, to make a diversion inBegging your pardonlengthsilk, rtiixed with tulle or' straw, are equally fa«hlana-ble. It has been said toat toe mixture of black andwhite could no longer be used. This has proved tobe an error, as it is still very much worn, but general-ly wlto rose, lilac, or blue, which we thtok aa im-provement. Morotog lioimets are trimmed verv toe mys erles of the cane and tobacco fields.as with entire j)arfy,but allies,) unanimity and some zeil,tne barksanjiV'riharn, andto attend to his duties to WatUsgton make a jotiniey home to tpeak to hitHits will be worn again in toe country, b'lt we fear Instructloiit have bees given the cruisers here to Democratic Party. That is a contingency notpro-tlie Government from the man'.' to the ie.v:ha-;my mind, aud which I thinkto beiii^deliMrlUB boldncMit coSSS franknesaofdownriabt koMt^But it isseciESHiy thai measures be tiken, p-epara- The Conventions which lorm them are Iranciuntpartisans, m their littla wiufaie agamst opposmg leaders, do sometimM assail them by the trick oi tearing from thair cob*but contentwith saying that this Republican Platform, tliougli very tffioieat poneis if toey chose to exercise them. source.s— for toese fortifications are Intended tor a in several particulars it does not conform to myed with to success,of the <e ChinetoeGovemmeiit in putting an end to kidnapping, anda of He trusted tha* sabsiliuttog system emigration.by toese means something would be done to eradi-rcOuecd to 50,0110publishedof toe ofnsaaiallad there were alwavs means to keep him hear the voice of a Chaicellor of the Exchequer, Paris to display toeir taste to the best advantage, in 1:50,000 (16 copies ;) leap of toe Electorate of Uessia, lesstbe of Ae bodyemployagencypa&t or present, of the Democrats.And as to thetne of its No injustice desigiLwas toe case many years ago, when 140,000 slaves hriowledgeof which is also to bethe man who never said a foolishm FmahleDs tor Jnne.stoff—studies,To memust be between the Democratic and RepubUeanmightDiany, especially in the border States, wno, likedare ask the confidence of the while— accurate than is for com nation, open-will thetelore enable us to aud consequently its next action.judgeof itsIn toe BorjtnSirtf! for the German book trade of tooSummer toilet is no longer a matter of prophecy. 3d Way, we find the followtog arlvercisement; A parties ; and, between them, I prefer the latter.Tbe Democratic party, by the long possessionhasTba aatlva force is calculated at abjut 7,0UU they with whom the Sovereign holds no commuoica- adopting toe light arid elegant materials prepared for 1:500,000 (40 coules;) map of toe Grand Duchy ot ciples of the Government has setitsell openly icUed oa, etcher against the people or -against a oountenance from the P..ers, and in express terms dress, silks of a light shade have been mostly worn, 1:50 (ICO (C2<wuleB ;) toiiugraphical atlas of tne Great against tbe great home interests of the people, byITo one antortains a doubt that they could be tion upon the subject of taxation—for she averts her the present season. At present, for out-ofdoors Hessia 1:9,000; map|or toe Kingdom of WurtemburgaantlBlin cseray. Indeed, it la ciureatly reported avoicstvento recognize tnem as a portion other atid tocse generally maoe wito florinces. Dresses of Duchy of Baden (1:50,000) (50 copies :) grand, topo- neglecting to protect their industry, and by re- and the South are alike necessary to its comfint ••tfeitaabatttluiBoI Chasseurs wmch was sent to audiepce, when addressing the Houses of Parliament stripes sliernately wliite and colored, trimmea wltli a grapbl'jal atlas of Bavaria 1:50,000 (100 copies ;) topo- lusing to improve and keep in order the highways and prosperity. Its people, too, in all their inter- tbe l^iscaa IroBtisr lately deeertians across tbe fros- on financial questions—they have made themselves brt.ad flounce of the color predomtaattog In the ma- erapbical aUas of Hanover 1:100,000 (82 coptes.) and depots of commerce ; and even now is urging ests and are as broad and ss the ttor an of dally oociurence. responsible lor the stability of our linances, and have terial, are also seen. vVhu else in Paris should need special maosof Ihe a measure in Congress to abdicate the constitu- affections, generalTheaa were the organized forces which LAuaai- assumed that the House of Commons is incompe- The paletot is toe mantle most generally In voeue, western boundary aud uortoem sea coast of Germany tional power and duty to reguia'e comriiercS regions they mhablL They are emigrahta, ssma fesiDd at Us amvalIfea hatf-onaeized troops wtilch nave by 'Jegreei bee.! revenue, shouU it arise, though the po-.vers posbest- guipure, of taffetas and guiome, or of plain taffetts, eaUected in the Trans-Apdnnine provinces, from erl by that House for such a purpose are, in a uatior.al with a ruche oi trimming of straw. The bottom ofmixed multitude, commg firom every State to tfaa.t>esidcs there we-e tent to deal with the contingency of adefi'Jit in the made with large sleeves and a iieterlhe. This Is of but Nal*oiEoN'3 stafl'? toese,:not a seclioo, but,nation, and, large as it is, it is not cipaUe of baia( divided into sections, for the great nver canaat be divided. It is one and indivisible, and the fiorth:—temporary contractor for toe New-York, other thoughts its slaves !"following . rtsulttj ,„hearnitsiiT, the that makes allNew-Orleans and Califomia mailservice, toat he haspeople voted t stltotloa, which har <;that I have erredtime.IthrewtoeRspubllcan at HavanaaadAspinwallroute,afiertbetripofiOttty -•.-: fj: ihenptothe pretest Partyrealantogonisticpowersinthena'i'jn.present I must choose between them,majorllysowtrampleifeet of Vicroa Emanccl: otoers accuse me ofconpleted. Unless, theJune, Inst., shall have -beentoerefore. Congress shall legislate for toe traaspo'ti-( c.'-.eise which oneooaoeda wlto a CoBttUudoB every;e5< cor- real choice, onder ttelr feet, and close toeir doenlB her face. The House has passed a liberal aad eeatpra-Sanrect alter the trip of 20to tostfor Pmami di-«tvlce until an was opportunitygood qualitiesover the nation large.for toe 1 am, very respectfully, your o^iedlent servant,country ought garded,toerefare, as havtog some rlghtt that SeBBtma might be toduired to retpect.„ , S. *for such nnforesoenthe tanr M the. Loulsana.Esq.,New-Orleans,no.-nina-history. Polk on a bsils which will aXbrd Bore revenue, andI havewe left toe rest to Iha eoaatry. If toey •8,000 sad then ieit said to be pM- years, and, thereforetoto BBdrairatet even to debt,thrm bi^the Houie.The faeote alto passed-.pronooaeaa byfloated over Naples, but cooiage te take the trst steptoright speakUntitled Documenttemporary provisionPoitmatter,togevllofaIilaltonaldebt,by readjatttng;corruptedthe perverted prin-merits,myselfupontaiuingbravely.Allhiaoldpolitical aobKed-Whig Part)materials, for the moat part, absorbed into otherorgatiizatioos. AndthusIamlelt,aloneandtbegreatUghuoftbeWhigParty,OtAT, powerless, mdeed, but perfectly tree to tollow tbe STTB, anc their lallows, and mdeed suttainetf tMaictates ot own mytake such wiser and betterDemocrats (heoiaelvea, ia tfeift day*.are inandand patriotism may require. Many Bnpublicans,among them, I think, some uf tne most mod.ions upfonlltohwattog, subjecterate aud patriotic ot that honored me party,up, and itebas gone one stay hapfadmeattriiBtwBrthjV.AmiUpaiUetiMv h*thi*i tAtiteble; aBdttaBfnwfisfoaBd to tbe factthediscretionary power to levy tonnage duties upon are unwiiUng, therefore, to submit to any one pettyamot'gStates,g.-antto the States theUnion, and from most countries in Europe tbcy ;in the a toSfite, power whichare recuired to yir*', luuJeiiill penaltyyoutii, bylionoltheUnion;hasdirecteditsenergiesuo ieswliichsweetenttfgatidiTijIteTbiB ,world worththe grat;fi'-3tion of its lusts of foreign doiuain, as in. The is toI was introduced by Mr. Lee—is submitted.Onoof their statements is faise-etther their card oir^er to advance the poliiica] power ol tlie pirty whose andf'jr tbe merepurpose making State:?, ir, in the hands of men wh-ase habits ofin variouscooiflinate branches of theinstancesth-' o;' eq'.: lUtyreasons, forany man who may be put forwarri bv the Demo-ciaiic Party, as the exponent of its principles an'l II Mr. the agent to work out, in practice, its dangerous k.served with them both insupported Mr. Fillmore for the Presidency, andprospectsthan any which lielongof the acts and of policies1 desire to draw yourmsLner to which tbe Repiibllcsntthst party, its cupmust dissolve to its own corruptiost. But tbe redeemed their pledgesmade itoelf sectional entirelytoe has aliaBt.very beingsingleideanegro slaveryinto oneitshas control of all its faculties, and it can see ami"one stern, tyrannic thoughr,But the Democratic Party still lives, and whiie twowlii beMr. Luncoui's nomination took the public byuntil before the event, it because, justwas But, really, it ought not to hjve unexpected.excited any surprise,;twenty oLe yean age varyIconstrain them to use those for powersand not sectioiial ends.ofbimsell aad advance hit okutjwiedge are ihc weanooaxiaM).am niM awarebirsief hi* iMii* a iomSSi mslitution wiihta toe States which cho09et«lu«eand that i-that power icr the that it ia unwise and impolitic to theThose are thegrounds,at ail attbe Praiform put forth by the Chicagotwo or tliree broadall, except generali-stand that ordeal, and, howeverfrom tbe torture when applied to tbemselTea.atties which are common to theprofessionssought conveyed of all parties in the coantry. No indeed,studies accu- party,itself and ;conspicuously,itssupportof curiuthem. aredonewground greatwUlright in themselves, bat aLso because a icti^ and still growing majority of the people b«lie«# them te be right, and the sooner they are allawadthose who are for them. Iamawarethat smallin view of the mad ulses theStill I cannot from the discharge myselfsIe.,past has sadly marred ami defiled the our Governmeat.LiscOLX should be elected, coming in as a new man at the head of a young party never be- fore in power, ho may render a great service to his country, which no Democrat could render. He can march straight forward in the discbarge of hisseveral lair fabrichis ownhonest purposes, without imy necessity lo temBor-duties, guided only bygood judgment aodunder the misgovemment of liis Democratgicrown a;^ In prede- cessors. short, he can be an honest and boldJof this let- Your friend and obedient servant,EOWA&O Batk._WhtU CoBgreia has Da—.LEITEB FItOHHOIi.SCBi;TLIBCOLrAX,<WinHAgA.for the ter, I remain, with great respect,onlyheart and a liiiitog hana, a home to our ^ia»»aaatoy toat this proteeOM manner—allofthemwereelected. mightIsntetoIhabanefitofPree-labor,P'af»'»_2.,_..fricnda. Aad..: "•--I** --4-J «i!.^^5fc_*www.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069L 