 WHOLE NX).b7o7.TBE PRISCE tf WfcLEiIT TEB ttSII ilB wl Ta«TO.TE*PI1U. Henry J. Kbynawa.. 9* Kiath street, Editor.MORNING EDITION-THUBSDAT, |AUGUST 30, I860.PRICE TWO 0EXTS.Tlw Prinze f i l l s Asleep Over HI* D i n n e r .oba Jacob Astor, Jr. Fifth avenue, A BoyaJ Debate as to Who Shall lohn Van Buran 375 Fourth St.,Stake Him Up.J - .-i-v -••» _ •THE EXCITEMENT DYING O U T .LUyFniiiii-Thel«M L ffM-Cri«ket-- [ndian CtMet-»15itertiicjB»ti.SPECIAL M6P1ICH TO THE HERALD. Bojruau, August 9t, 186UTbe musical festval Met sight, in honor of the Priac© •I Walee, was » wry successful aamir. It lasted fire sours,aaJ upwards of 8,0ftO ptrsisaMi present OB tae platform were oa» hundred any fifty performers, wholtee eveaiagw entortslaament by playtag vari- tpieces. Th:svaafollowedbyacantata,eom-lawyer. j. W.iianareaa.; •.".".'. 53 Wemioihst., Bjlder.'HhooouneethBOt ia pride. With Lincebt'abanuero'erbs,Aad Freedfm o<i his M.V For him we teek i>o trinmph,I'y whom are strive «rxl irtand, But Liberty ar.d J'ur-nnro,Tbe glory of tbe Uad. The bold aad gallant LinoornHas won a gotuetf name,And now his country 'll give hrmTbe pinnacle of fame.He sought the post of danger,'Mid spirits bok- and free, Anc now the patient I.tanaanOur Prestdei.t sbai! beOur watchword now is Freedom, Our panoply and might—We prise the pr oplr.'s liberty, Their every ekartered right.—4—^^K-w T2 last 14th s t , President. — •» — _June. The Corrao, in the next day"s issue, announces her Disunion, arrival la the matt wawawaWhwaw manner, as tollows:-t h eTexaaMustang.puerd for tbe occasion, by the Philharmonic Society. Thewhole terminated by * grand operatic tnorceaa by Stra- Wni. B Hoffman— Clergyman. . . . . 1 7 3 Fifth avenue, Merchant.kcech'B BwjpMaanw troupe.Tbe Prince tad suite arrived at tea P. M., when thebouse rote and cheered vigorously, tbe bead striking tip ••God save the Quean " He was dressed ia black, with a Mae veaa, aad wet* gold buttons, diamond etude and a white neckcloth.At the elces of the perfanaaacei the author o f the can* aau was preaaatad to UMPrtace, who than left, much to.1nicelyairaagodtorPattiaadthePrincetogooffina blaze of glory. Brigaoll d id n o t appear, as h a lost his trunk aad caught a cow; bet the awiawall ware, aotwith- ataadiag, delighted with too troops.After tb* departure of tho Prinee, his boxC B. HofimanA. L. RobertsonCyrus CurtisHoot. 1. Cutting..... 141 Fifth avenue,Rrnry E. Plerrepont.Brooklyn,Horace Webster Brooklyn. l-avidDudleyField..MBjhtnets*,, lawyer. Daniel1-ord.. 34Wsstllthst., Lawyer. James4 BamDton. UaaatSSlst, CapiUUst. J. DePrysuTOgUen.. 48 Crosby street, President,JVsmc* '***•Ihewtaft.JBtiidiaogi 11West31stst,HiI K OTHER OF VICTORIA'S SONS IK AMERICA.RIB DOTALBIOBSOBWriDJCBALftwBVBlTHBAMX- IUHC FOBTHEMILXIOH.BICAB BbYPIBB OF HUZIL—THB BKTHTSIA** NOTBftjeAL TO «*AF TX CANADA-NO CHAiCB JTOB ABRAZTX1AN JEKEIKS, BTC., ETC., ETC. KtyaMS of UM CaawtMfgm and tbeWe gather from th e O r t w MtrcontH, of Rio Janeiro,80BMperticulsrsoftheTMBof PrinceAlfred,thesecond Poetry of Politics.earn of her Majesty Queen Victoria, to the Southern Ame-rican continent, almost at the same time that his brother,tbe Prince of Wales, WMUtopeesiBg royal sunshine ia the THE MUSES INAPOLITICAL REVOLUTION. northern portion.F-N^V.'N. -^"V >.The wagon at a aweta oa«— »Twasbolltiaseventysix•."Twee driven by George Waahlngtoa Through stormy poluics:Witb Eastern oaSt. and Western pine, • And Northern ash 'tis bound,Palmetto, cypress, I Mass wood, laspokesandwhMMarefooad.Cling to tbe Union, Ac. When Webster shook the friendly bandOf noble soal'd Oatboua,'Twts here upon this wagon hex,They sat in sweet loommuae. Eenry Clay drove the wagon than,And Cass was by his side. And never did the Union takeA safer Union rioe.Cling to the Union, Ac.We tell the Northern fanatics To let nor slaves stone—The gQutnern are eatersHad better bie to th':ir heme;We all are true conservative, Whatever may beV, le;God bless our gbriots-Unl-jn, And may It safely,ride.Cling to the Union, Ac.DOUGLAS! SOXG.Air.—"Wait for t be Wagon " Come, democrats, let's rally roundOur party's candidate. And well elect for Pre lidentOur Dougtes, true and great; For aemocratl: usageHas spoken net anew, Aad nominated Stephen A.,TO every section true Chorus—Then, bui rah for DouglsslThe bold and true Douglaa! The peoB lee choice, Douglas IWiU be next Presidentl Coma, levers of this Union,"Bows,frrfmsn.te your fat Oa l<>tber»*.->*> Oirnag;Defend tbe Union's aacrvd atari. The Ustim—right or wrong."tfste,w& JH. swower..... i4mg" wiaiK.,i|IlliiIii ii,Iifca J Cmoo led FMlA avenae, aart C. & 4"yr.:eW.Field...... 84 East 2HtSt., Marises*. Fied'k DePnyater . . . WUniversitypi.,OaylwJha.Sons of tbe press, proclaim Its wprtb la tebtraphte arts;BinYoungAmeri.wstandforth And emuiai* their sirct!Wake! tfeter States, *a4 band m band, Rooad Freedom's temple tnropg;Come, shoat ia m.e united band, Our tnlos—right or. wrong! 'BANNEB SONG.Arr—' iron. \,n* manna Icy Mountains." Who fteieth not a rapture.^iCaeUyler I.lYlae^aWBwJew'. * H ( ^ Jsewwlm of PL 9 awrtFOannwatto* Ylneea b <:rieaeU... 1 Cast 14thSt., Merebaa'. *'^orse rawosa*.....amoeooea ave., lawyer. Wm. H. Webb...... 7S8t Mark's pi, KhipbuitceiSureooa. " ^Vciantme Mott^1!.Tand«rJ«M...> carles gangTteac; Fesi'ls.. •..*..» aw Bast 12th sv,ftWest Iftih a t , PresUient. 44 Weat 37th a t , lawyer.Yesterday the English steam frigste Karyahis arrived, Tbe FBD, FoHy» Fanry a n d Furore a t t h e having on board Prlbee Alfred, second son or her MajestyQueen Victoria, who is ia the capacity of midshipman.J( ha .1. Johastaa....Unalal PariahR.bt. J Dillon.Joan D Wottb......Mnstsan avenue,Pros d«nt. Oapiui-at. Lawyer. Capitalist.Merchant. President.refer torillard B*nj. F. Manniere.... < baa. A. Davis witts ShermanA. A. LowK icbard SatheraC P Morgan....'....F. B Fowler W.A.Sawver G«orxc^recrUeo. P . KelsonGeo. W. Betbone....T8T Broadwar. 26 West 24th s t ,To tbe breeze we'll throw our banner, And all tbe world shall see,We'U crown the gaUtnt Lincoln The leader of the free!A DEMOCRATIC CAMPAIGN SONG.R.ng forth our party battle cry, Ia chorus load aad kmg," For Breckinridge aad lane, my boys!" O'er valley, hill aad plain,Tbe cry now echoes thiecgB the land, " For Breckinridge and Lane!"We fight, 'tis true, a mighty boat,A beet of every hue: 'But truth aad right will nerve us en, And bear us bravery through.For Breckinridge and lane, my boys, Inforumand in field.Have met and vanquished better foes To these they il never yield.O'er Bursa Vista'* blood stained soil— O'er Mexico's domain,Jvehea J. Bearyat Bast 21at st.. « Fast lath at, FUthavaaae,C. o Haislaad!!?!'.'.'.lM 9soaad ave., Praiid«nt! iuneeWaisoa Webb Tarrytown, Editor.•feepberd Kaapp....Waahin*tonHei'ts,Pr«aident.Tbumas WestonR-ht L.Stewart....Jufcn W. HamonWm. J BradyJuhn Ucatssa"ii 111F Tlnmnasr»^ProukaBecj. ll. FieldJ* l«eW. F. Havemeyer... .218 Wen-. 14th at., Tn% l* nt.Squatter Sovereignty, Sitting on a Bail,awhawawanwab Uerc^at. CawFnf^aveaee, Klit,r ,If a ciam boat bad sunk, or any other vclgar occurrencetaken place, they could not have ahown leas excitement &G.,f21 Eat* 2eth st, Mer^n'. 28 We.t lllh st., March-a'.& C , AC. VOTE FOB BELL, OF TENNESSEE.8 •Tfth avenue,ers as we do.We are next informed as follows :— Aut-'«Baricm National Union Glee Club No. 1."2 Bast l*tb st., 34Cni«opUoe,Don't you hear that rumbling sound; On yesterday, the 30th, the Minister of Foreign Those deep toned murmurs all around,Affairs aad the Grand Chamberlain of tbe im- The people's voice l i s known to be, perial Palace went o a board t h e frigate t o For old Jehu Ball of fenneasee. compliment s a d welcome t h e young Prince. A t a Sound the tocsin, strike the drum; quarter past five his Royal Highness landed at the Marine The people have resolved to come; Arsenal, accompanied by tbe commander of the frigate, Shouts afgladness and of gleeaad wsa received by the English Minister. A n imperial Are raised for Bell, of Tennessee. carriage was In waiting at the arsenal, In which his High- C li, a li, o la e.1 rnlversity pi., 170 5th avenue,Brooklyn, Kew BocheUe,Prcsident. Merchant. Merchant.54 Exchange pi.,Fifth avowee, 124West48thSt., Broker.ness, together with tbe Minister end commander, drove to St. Christopher.What h i s Royal Highness w a s doing during tbe next couple of days we are aot informed, and are simply left to imagine that be had a good time in the Palace of S t Christopher. A Sunday intervened, b y the way, aad it would be very gratifying to our pious feeliogs to know whether the young Prince weat to church, or whether he profaned the day by whistling some national homestrata, or got homesick and cried, for even princes have feelings; butweshallperhapsneverknow. Thereisnoonelike ourJenkins.Southoftbeequator,clearly.But his Highness reappears. We are told, in language far cooler than the fabled cucumber, that "his Highness Prince Alfred returned yesterday, July8,from Petropo!!*, oa beard the frigate Eurysius, where he was visited at halfpast one in the afternoon by his Majesty the Em- peror. At quarter-past four o'clock (the Southern Jenk: »s is vary aceurate> the Emperor and Prince leaded, and pro- ceeded to the Palace of St Christopher, where his High-IAis—" Auld Lang Syne" Come, rally round tbe natmaa flag,7 West 29thst., Refiner. 47 Fifth avenue, Lawyer.Union men are now to tryAad win a glorious victoryWith old John Bell, of Tennessee. For Abraham the cannon is lost; He quails before aba Union host; And Break, and Dug. and all will be Used up by Bell, of Tennessee.U li, a li, o la e,Vote for Bell, of Tennessee.Honest John, tbe people say,la sure to win on 'lection day;and la tbe nation's chair we'll seeTnat sound old Bell, of Tennessee.In union, then, we seek for strength, Our glorious Union, breadth and length; And may we beforeverfreelo thcut for Bell, of Tennessee.V U, a l l . o m e , vote for Be!!, of'OLD ABE AND HIS FIGHTS.This battle let us fight,"Tbe Union—tt must be preserved,"I .et this our watrhward be, And before the migh'.y tocsinOur enemies shall Cee.Then, hurrah for Douglas, As.'Gainst abolition plans and classLet's battle heart and hand, •And we'll have no • rail.-piltter" For ruler of our land;Who comes to us with specious cry, In false colore arrayed,Whose teachings have already led To horrid John Brown's raid.Then, hurrah for Douglas, AcThen, democrats, let'sirally round Our party's candidate,2 Hanover st., Broker. Goshen, N. Y., Banker.T2 Weat 34th st., Judge.JaaaesG.KmfBevy Cbeuaory....I WO C B P I I , J r . .Joseph PeabedyStewart Brown.. ... 21Waverley pi., Banker.Jaatah 8empson I.utber awawal Reuben Withers Koyal Phelps.860 Broadway, 88 East lath s t ,13* Second am. 28 Bast 16tb s t ,Capitalist. Capitalist President.Consul.aOur Douglas, true and great; While up the old Salt r.vor tideBell, Book and Abe shall ride-la the White Boose, down at WashingtonbyladyFraaklla,eaditisdifflcuittoaay FredericBranson...4ftBast14thst,lawyer. Beesdmed.ThememberseitheMinistrywerepresent.ot bar royal predecessor received the grsatsst mark of pepuhurity.Robt L PeU 32Laithi s t , Capitahat. BradfobJobntoa.... 147 Fifth avenue, Msrolum t (ieorgeT. Sirong.... 74 But 21st st., lawyer. ^Amutl B. Ruggles... 24 Union place, lawyer. Andrew H. Mickle...Bay 8We, L. I., Merchant. ArchibaldG King•211West28thst, Banker.Hia Majesty and the Prinee were accompanied by Mr. Christie a a d other members o f t h e British Legation at this Court; Mr. Delaware, Commander of t b e{ NavalStation;thecaptainand two midshipmen of the Enryarat; t h e Prmee's preceptor, a a d D r . Jacobica, Assistant Grand Chamberlaiu of the Imperial P&iace. To-dey, July 4, his Highness visited, tbe Bocae of Mercy and the Asylum of San Pedro."We learn that the frigate will leave to morrow for tbe CapeofGoodHope."The next day's Cknmeu is equally brief :—"His H gtcess Prince Alfred visited tbe Market squareyesterday at seven ockiA in the morning (Jenkins had to rise e»rlVi, whence he drove, in aa imperial carriage, to tbe Pamelrsa aad C^rcovado. Betarntag thence, b e proceeded to the Asylum of Ssa Pedro. In consequence of the kmg stay he made at tbe Asyhun, he was unable to visit the Hospital of the Santa Case."At four o'clock tbe Prinee embarked in a boat wbicb awaited him at tne Marine arsenal. Hot Highness tooc with him on board a quantity of flowers gathered duringhis morning's walk.''and finally, it ia narrated, in two lines, that "on yea*terday, July 8 , t h e frigate Fury alus, which brought Prinee Alfred, sailed for the Cape of Good Hope."And so the royal visit ended. There was no one to tell us what h e wore, or how he looked: no one to measure bis baada and feet, or tell us the length of his nose; whether be waltzed divinely or whether be waltzed at all.LINC01.N AND HAMLIN-GOD BLESS THEM! Am—"Columbia, the Mem of the Ocean."There's a Bound like the surges of ocean, Or winda sweepingforestand lea;As they shout with enraptured applause— •Here's to Lincoln and Hamlin: Ood bless them!And wees, too, our country and cause:" % unoacb-And bless, too, our country and cause! Aadbiers,too,ourcountryandcause!Here's to Lincoln and Hamlin! God bless them! And Mess, too, our country and cause!Through the portals of death speak the sires,Aroused from their haven of rest, To kindle the slumbering fires,TiU they gtow in each patriot's breast! They stretch out their areas to caress them—Their children, who honor their laws—And cry—"Lincoln and Hamlin, God bless them!And bless, toe, our country and causel" cBoaia.Aad bless, too,-our country and cause, Ac. The future speaks out with its voices,aad joins with the rest of alt time. As U tmiics with delight, ami re.joiousAt a scene more than grand—that's sublime! And vain is the hope to suppress them,Or to etifle the shouts of applause Whichcry—"LincolnaadHamim,Godbleatthem'And bless, too, our country sad cause!" cauaws.And bless, too, our country ard cause, Ac.'"'—• uAiMmm. AIE—"away fjbwn Faat"Politicians love to twiddlet1 took my old fashioned riprfle, Pcrttch'd some notes tn fools-cap paper, Crtas'd my elbow,andd:<! temper.But, O, alas!—Ifoundtoo eoonI'd plsy'd a very sorry tune;But still I think it oust go ^own, LikeKidorPeek,orOldJohnBrown.Well, said I, and how is this?1 have not play't! so much amies;They skip, <Ur.c: and curse tbe diddler, And are ton mean to pay tbe tiddler.Then came n whisper In my e a r - Wait, old fellow. yon Shall bear—" The constitution ana tbe law— By then we live or die."Brave Breckinridge and lane, my boys, Will yield that banner never,Tbeir etalworth anna will bear It up Tillhandsadheartshallsever.To-morrow night a grand People s sail is to be given ata dollar a head, aad the building will then ha torn daws,aa the ordinances of the city aflow no wooden edifices ofthatsize. It a a great pity, as the building far anrpaasesthe Crystal Palace, which is a mere mixture of bricks aadmortar.f Yesterday the Prtnoe en joyed a strictly private excur-Swat, aa reporters betas; present. This morningha ian.esPIIDnett Btoomingdsle, Cashier.Itcomesfromanationinmotion—From millions who've sworn! to be free!I la the uniform of a cotoaal aad isilsaod fifteen G«»rge S. Robbini... Throjg s Keck, Banker.vcJ*wt«cr soMiery at Logaa'e Farm, about three John Steward 158 Fifth avenue, „Capitalist. Wm C. Church Brooklyn. Editor.milea from the city. The marchtin was not vary good, Greenec. Bfonaon... 44 Weat20th st, Cor'n Counsel.but the large crowd present atA game of cricket also formed a part of themeats of the day, the players being eleven from the rom Canada.After tbe review tbe•and discipline bars beea greatly admired, la. with that of the volonteess of tbe city, marched through the principal streets of the city, aad, drawing•aaanr.Be reiterated the welcome given them on'their arrival,complimented them upon their saktier like deportment aad private character, thanked them far their partieipe-•*«* that team saw in Montreal badHenry Grinnel 17 Bond street, Merchant. Root L. Kennedy... 9» Fifth avenue, Banker. George Urwwold.... 81 Fifth avenue, Mercbaatevening they attended a ball.1 over to the aland in a boat from the Vulo-by a dosea huge Hudson Bay canoesstances by coycerwra. After his arrival he partook of a James «. Bennett... Wash'n Helithts, Editor.by Justice Connolly, at the Jefferson Market Police CourtThe case resembles the late Martha Washington fraud iamany respects, and when fully investigated may provequite as interesting. It appears from the affidavits oa Who hurrahed for the man that fetched the rail thatthebark£.A.KinsmanleftNewYorkforHavana,tbe WhoserifleswereoncetoVirginiaborne, verse! and cargo being heavily insured in the Sun Mutual, Who crnciucd Seward all forlorn,Untitled DocumentNew York Mutual. <>reat Western and Anchor Insurance Who "CIIHU-S"' the Ureeley from Oregon, Who ibugbt tbe battle of Slievegammon,foaahf sad then enjoyed himself a paddling about iage canwa.The Prince, after tbe review, waft to Lechlae, witness.ed a number of Indian games and canoe races, and than A. E. SlUiman"Abe" split.file at tbe police court, that ia tbe month of May last This Is Beecher, all shaven aad shorn.James SeamingFranvisSkiodyR. tt. Blatchford....Mmeoa Tbapev.Marshal O. Roberts.. 107 Fifth avenue,Jas. Buchanan Henry 84Wset4Bthat, lawyer. CbsrleaH. RutseU... »%«. Jones s t , Capitalist.Wm. B Crosby JamreT. Braoy F .S. Winston C. B. Roberta Koht. Kav13 Bulgers place, Capitalist. Waetftftdst. lawyer.w East 34th St., President — Capitalist BB West 28th s t , President 5 East 31st st., President. HBIeecker s t , President.— 'Capitalist. Broker. President. Importer.45 East 2Sdst., —Banker. Capitalist. S u p e r v i s o r .Fame spreads her scroll, there,high lasts Andwe'llejectforPresident BrandBreckinridgeandLane.2 6 W e s t 2 2 d s t . ,77 East 26th st., Merchant.Brave Breckinridge and Lane, my boys, Wbe led 'mid snot aid shell,And gallantly won victory, once mote will Wad ut well.OurDouglasshallreside.Then,hurrahforDouglas,Ac. itsmottowavesonhigh—5ft West 28th s t , Capitalist. 84 East 88d. s t , Broker.The rallying cry is heard afar; Abraham—'tisallthesame: Therearethoughts,beyondwords,whichimpressthem, Newtoglane'agranitehills—SE-uttlithst, lawper. 1ft Fifth avenue,Abe will smell as sweet aa either, We dsa't care about the same.Bay hew capable and honest— Loves country's good atone-Neverdrankadropofwhiakcy— Wouldn't know it from e stone.Tell us be resembles Jackson, Save he wears a larger boot.And is broader 'cross the shou: Jars, And in taller oy a lootAnytbiag yon choose to teB ueWe will uke without a stricture;But, nh, don't!—we beg aad pray you— Don't, for God's sake—show his picture!THE BAIL THAT "ABE" SPLIT. Aot—"She House that Horses Btslt."Tbe Western wilds—the sonny South— The air with chorus fills."For Breckinridge and Lane." my boys, Let speech and song now ring;Pemocracy's two noble sons Greatvictorywillbring.With traitors to our fathers'For which tbey fvugbt and died— WUb those denying "rqual rights,"We cannot he allied.Though party {action we deplore,No brother Ipve we feelFor those who trample on the bondOur fathers'blool did seal.Then shout far Breckinridge aad Lane- Come, join the rally lag cry."Tbe Constitution—Equal Rights 1" By these we live or die.No Northern prayers o'er Southern wrongs, Np scdlfsl distrust—We'U drive aU discord to the winds- Make traitors bite the dostHark! hear tbe Eagle, as he sweeps Through yonder azure sky,t'creamoutlatonesofvictory, our glorious battle cry—"For Breckinridge and Lane, ay1 boys 1" And hlU and dale againCatch up the echo, aad repeat— "For Brerkmrtasja and t Baa l»A LINCOLN SONG.Bright ia tbe West shines th^ star we love best,O't r the path of Freedom gleaming, And it points the way to a brighter day, In Hope's broad su:fbine beaming;Then a health we bring, and a welcome sing, While each brave so i rejoices,That1.tocoinsnsmcmaythechorusclaim, Of manly hearts and voices.Ob' bold K*bin Hoed, in the merry green wood, • >!d Kngland sln;s in story;.And the Lincoln green is :be hue, I wets, Of theforester'sgarb of glory.Bu^Linoom's name will proudly claimJohn A King.Jobn A. StevensEdward PrimeJohnBridge.ntarlee H Marshal]. 38 East 14th f t . Merchant. Horace tireeley Chappaqoa, W'r ccRdwar. G.B.Lamar......... — Premdent.Thisistberailthat 'Abo"split. ThattothemanWhofetchedtherailthat "Abo'split These era the dalrgatwi, honest men,Who voted for antes where they'd never been,Who hurrahed for the man that fetched the rail that"Abe',ajtit.ft Oregon,of t'tievcganunan,where they'd neveribe man that fetched the rail thatIsraelCorse Wm. E. Badge.17Westl«thst, Banker. 40East 14thSt., Capitalist..Wfteth avenue, Madtaoa avenue, 107 Madison av.,KwSfiHSfc*::: &»##£;> &%£John J. Phelps.w. W. Da Forest....20ft5thavenue,114 5th avenue, Mbrchant. tflramercy Pit, Pbhlisher.John L. Jones. 37 East lSlhs.., President. Marshall Leflerts.... 12 Albion place, Merchant ArthurXsary EverettHouse, Merchant.W.C. Scbermerhorn. ftaVt Jones St.,Lawyer. Treasurer Importer.PoliceOommr352 6th avenue, Lawyer. — CapitalistWho voted for Slates whore they'd never been,Merchant Merchant Mercbaat. MerchantIn short, there was no Jenkins.Happy Prison!*An interesting case of attempt to defraud several in-Benj. R Wtathrep... 134 fd avenue, < apltalist.entered their quarters. Ia the John Stossin ft East 18th St., JudyeBup. Cotirt surance companies in this city Is now being investigated This is BUI Seward, all forlorn.A. C. Kingaland Jaaass Harper John JayJohn D NoyesWho "cusses" • » Greeley of Oregon, Who fosght too battle of sBiercgammcn, Who primed the delegates, honest,men,11a Braziliaai are a very quiet people, sad a li'.tlemore accustomed to royalty than we of this mere demoeratle dime; sad tt may be on that account that Spirit.his Royal Highness Prince Alfred did act esaassaygreat commotion that w a know of, either among teenewspaper folks or their readers, when tbe frigate Eary-alus catered the splendid bay of Rio on the 80th of last Kinging a Bell, t h e Woolly Horse o for more stoical Indiflerence.They don't appreciate visit-Songs and Seiitinieiit o f ParlyCall him Aba, or call him Abram—JH_ J j j l i A l i l i .1* '1air"*Vote for Bel), of Tennessee.Hagsarespreadaadbannersfiy, Andneatbouroldenbanner Andcatchthenation'*song,Am—"Rofcor oacoverly." Tell>*of hwfightwitbDouglas-*Bowhaspiritnever;uails; Tell us ef his manly bearlog.Of t a skill in splitting reus.Tctl us be s a second Webster, Or, if better, Henry Clay;That bo's full of g#nial humor— Placidasasummerday..tCome, friends of tru-b and right,Ourflagfloat*proudlyoutbebretzs, ience of Sir Fenwiek weat by canoe to Isle Dorva), the rehabWi Uiams, where be took ranch.Francis CotenetBrooklyn,87 6th avenue.,Weetshester co.,«ompanies. The exact amount of the insurance is not known, but it is supposed to be somewhere in the neigb-James Bowen.And primed tbe delegates, honest men,Wm. Alien Butler... 13East 12thst., Lawyer.rtiiw—~ t r -0l6to9nrSWho voted fAnd hnrrahfor the man that fetched the rail thatThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streettates wbere they'd never been,F13urkwww.doifulNew Yotonhistory.com 