 part ofAL. Itw»laited"pahii-ifo.}daytheat t oS. I•.by rtbo ratiole m•*.;too»uST'alijr-J am y ioa. armpre- MdSTO-mPfTl>y«4 ; (or roy'ite>mtboofseiri o fnthI iHI f *rty10an,'T<-morning at seven o'clock. It Is said that upwards of 400 Company A.By Signal Officer Albert J. Myer, his commission as As- sistant Surgeon, June 27.1860..Died. (10.)Brigadier and Brevet Major General Thomas a Jesup,Quartermaster General, at Washington, D. C , June 10, 1860. aii »Colonel Joseph Piympton, First Infantry, a t Stapleton, Staten Island, N . Y ., June 5.1860.Brevet Major Francis N. Page, Assistant Adjutant General, a t Fort Smith, Arkansas, March 25,1860.Brevet Major Edward H . Fitzgerald, Captain First Dra- goons, a t Los Angeles, California, January 9 , I860.First lieutenant Julian M a y , Regiment o f Mounted Riflemen, a t Tecolote, New Mexico, November 22,1869.First lieutenant Darius D. Clark, Sixth Infantry, at Fort Yuma, California, December 2,1859.First Lieutenant Edward H . Day, Third Artillery, a* Richmond, Virginia, January 2,1860.Surgeon Walter V . Wbeaton, at Philadelphia, Pennsyl- vania, April 23,1860.Assistant Surgeon Joseph Eaton, at Fort Hamilton, New York, Marsh 16.1860.Paymaster Augustus W . Gaines, a t Fort Smith, Arkan- sas, February 19, I860.Cashiered. (1.)First Lieutenant Lyman M. Kellogg, Third Artillery,May SO, 1860.VI. Officers have been arranged, in the foregoing order,tothecompaniestowhichtheysucceededinthenatural course o f promotion or appointment. Should a different assignment, however, have since been made, b y com- petent authority, it will take precedence of the former.VII. The number, prefixed to the name of each of the Brevet Second Lieutenants in t h e above list o f appoint- ments, indicates his rank among those of the same date.VIII. Acceptance o r non acceptance o f appointments, and In case o f acceptance, t h e birthplace o f the officer ap- pointed, his age and residence, when appointed, will In everycasebepromptlyreportedtotheAdjutantGeneralBy order of the Secretary of War.W. A . NICHOLS, Assistant Adjutant General.Later from California. ARRIVAL OF THE OVKBLAND MAIL.FATETTEvnix, Ark., July 8, I860. The overland mail coasb, with San Francisco dates toJune 18, arri red here a t nine o'clock this morning.a«! Fxascasco, June 18—Noon. -Arrived 17th, bark "Pierre," Melbourne. Sailed 18th, United States sloop of w ir Cyanc, Panama; Galatia, Shall- ba; 17th, Star King, Sydney.Information reached this16th that the election in Oregon has resulted In the suc- cess of Mr. Logan, republican candidate for Congress, b y oneuuadredand fifty majority, andthattheLegislature elect sands as follows:—In respect to the contest for United States Senators—democrats, in favor o f Lane andSmith, sixteen; opposition democrats, elected b y republi- cans and anti Lecompton fusion, twenty one; republicans,L.ettera from the Editor.The Dens of Crime and Mherv In London. Letters fromCensor on tbe American Horws In England. Full report of the Cricket Mattnes in Philaddpliia. America TtttorkMS. T a e flora Temple and Patches Tret. The little bay Sara again tae Knipress ot the Trotting Turf. Aquatic*, Base Ball, Cricket, and other rpor>|ng matters, ia WILKES' SPlhlT, NOW OUT.* hLieutenant Colonel, June 6 , I860, vise Watte, promoted t o the First Infantry.Teh—One Dollar the Caveat, St•>constant bustle among the fifty or more caterers to the ap- petites and amusements of the multitude. Banners, mu- sic, pictures and harangues attract the eye and ear, while long rows of well charged bottles, fountains of soda, sar- saparilla and beer, ice cream coolers and lemonade Jars, suggest refreshing thoughts of the inner man. Amon? these is the well known Downing, who has secured the whole of the immense brick building fronting the ship, snd turned it into a ladies' saloon, where they can retire and be waited upon by their own sex, without being sub-furnished to older at lowest prices.D i e d .BCMIKG.—On Saturday evening, July 7, JOBS A. BUSTS-tta.ottodeny thati- - i logic, whichmSm, eomi ate* evasive^OM^HBatllPrTTjESDAY, JULY 10, 1860. The FoaurlM Ward Senool DlUJenltlea.*bo made a abort speech, whichattended to aa a free and gentleman'y ahDarling. Songs by the anther of " Matty Moore,'*and others, followed; after which the snwanhtaje partook of a repast prepared for the I occasion. There wore several hundreds of the servants Iof the road aod'their families present, and the President seemed to be the darling of theoccasion,sotoalyianame, batlareaatty. Altoge- ther,thescenewas exceediaglyhumorous,steosastaadagreeable. The room was decorated with Baas a a d ban-neral, this (Tuesday)ilate reeidvoce of her parents,':ftwo ©'dock, INor wilt It h e•fa Vamapl^awasBSDj^i^V^JtMm^mml%rrfi^UTbe rawSsrnt aad fri>-ads o f t b a n a a n y areinrited t o attend t h e fta-ersi.nean t b e residence o f the pa. rents, u s West twenty Bfth street, comer of Seventh evesae,th*(Tuesday)afteroeo,attwoo>eJaok.Moans.—t* Monday, July 9 . JAMBS O ., iafaot a n t of1n^JaVpEsEn^ tnasBsa) $• **no>soBs»sw*wsio<|jFnailaw J**""*««*"*'^* P^san sUIfnS*^f^RssMp:-'MStotbe «•tansk Itoilbe taapomiblo far a^ w hostility to tanW » ? fj** ,notations adopted by the Oonwalasn. The .andUtolntoBreposeon theeqoalityoftheState*.r^h iwa like a broad fcoadetien underneath oar e/bolt ZSLwelI strwetsre. AsIeeuotinc them,the resolutions Sandy assert thia eauallty. They demand nothing for a n y SStVor aectam that a not cheerfully conceded to all the Sat It (swell to remember that the chief disorders whichLare afflicted ear country have frown out of the violajS!Ti£MmmMM^mm- Artillery.we hate been lwith her.ry to persuade the country that reaolu- wbfch command the support of a ma- jority of the States, and .re approved by the hone and 'body at the old democracy, and by a vast mass of con-Bervative eoasten everywhere, without regard l e party.It has been necessary more than once in our history to•and noeemaJy muert the true eharacter of this go A memorable tnrlanoa occurred in the atrug-•> which saded m the civil reroiutiou of 1KW She republleaas of thai day, Uke the democra ry of thai, were stigmatised aa dtonniontsU, b u t thenMved oar political system.- aV a U se cotwtiiutional Mruante It is toteaded now to assert aad establish the euaaltiy of the Stales aa the only basjs of union and mace Whea this object, s o national, t o constitutional, oujust, shall b e aooomnttsheu, t h e last ckwd will disap- pear from the American s k y , a n d with common hands •ad hearts the States and the people will unite to de- vrlnpe the reaenreas of taw whole country to bind It to•ether with the bonds of intercourse and brotherhood, and to impel it onward in Its great cat ear. Th» oonstttu- tloe and the equality of the States- These are the symbols of everiaating union. Let these be therallying cries ofihoaeeal-.I trust that tbltfcanvar* wiD beconducted withoutrancor, and that temperate arguments will take t h e place o f Ant wares and passionate accumMona. Above all, I ven Jure humbly to hope that Ihvioa Providence, to whom w e owe our origin, ourgrowth, and all our prosperity, will continue to protect our beloved eountry against alt dan- ger, foreign aad domestic.1 am, wtth great respect, your friend,JO»» C. BRECKINRIDGE.Ho*. C. CcsituKJ, Prta. of the Item. National Convention.Depavrteure o f tie*. L a a s a n d H i s Sojourn I* s l e w Y orfc.General Lane lelt this eity for Washington yesterdaycient and valuable officer.COWWCTIOR —In oar ihade of yesterday, b y • mistake of the cempoettor, ia the esse of Bcwmant, the fugitive Secretary o f t h e Pacific Hail Steamship Company, t h e wcrd forgery Was printed perjury.Drawings of the Delaware State fiea-WwOD,TO>»Y A CO. Maaagsrscf the«ta*»bascards were left at his rooms o n Sunday morning whilst fee was not, mbracingkaerchanhi, professional men, Jcc. Among them were several companions in arms in Mexico, A delegation from Texas, also from Virginia, called upon him Intheafternoon.Among the new aoquaintaaces made while in New York was that of Watts Sherman, Greene C. Broosou, aad several representatives o f o u r heavy mercantile houses. GoSundayevening he dined at theresidenceofaaold friend, I>ewts May, Esq , m Fifth avenue. Isaac Law. rente, E»q., member of the Rxcutive Council of the Rational Democratic Volunteers,also tendered him a din- ner, which b e was obliged to decline. The Volunteers, in fact, bad him in charge nearly all the time of his short stay hers, and their |political orations did credit to the managers of this organization.Politics. mHusAmLonmaMo,as,.July 9,1860.Second lieutenant Edmund C. Bainhridge, to be First Lieutenant, November 2,1869, vice Gibbon, promoted. Company H . •Brevet Second Lieutenant Marcus P . Miller, to be Se- cond lieutenant, September 27,1869, vic« Hascall, pro- moted. Company C .Brevet Second Lieutenant Francis L. Guenther, of theIt is understood that this committee will report on thepay rolls on Wednesday night, when t i e Board of Educa-tion meets- and tbat that report will b e adverse t o t h e payment of the teachers on the pay rolls as they stand, is almost certain, from the fact that it is proven that two o fthe new appointees are relatives of school officers, and cannot draw their pay under the provisions of the school f\, law.The Douglas meeting to nMht wasvery large. HenryMay was chosen President, ward clubs marched to thesquarewithbandsofmusic. A letterwasreadfromFernando Wood strongly endorsing Douglas as the nomi- gust 22,1859, vice Marcy, appointed Paymaster. Com-nee of the regular National Democratic Convention. Much enthusiasm was manifested throughout.Pennsy1vanla Polities. PHILAOKLFHIA, July 9,1840.The Pennsylvania member of the National Douglas Com- mittee h a s addressed loiters to t h e State electors, ile-FirstLieutenantBenjaminWingate,tobeCaptain,Au- pany D.;to call a State Convention, either delegate or mass, to fill vacancies in the electoral ticket. Mr. Forney an- nounces that Mr. Douglas cordiafev sustains the policy of non-coalitioa with the Breckmrisirano, July 9,There was a large meeting heat to-night of the friends Of Breckinridge and Lane, who are making an extended organisationft>rthecampaigninallthewardsofthecity,18;"9. vice Lynde, dismissed. Company H.Sixth Regiment of Infantry.First Lieutenant Levi C.Bootes, to beCaptain, June 5, I860, vice Kt-tchum, promoted to the Fourth Infantry. Company G.Saeoad Lieutenant James A Smith, to b e First Lieute- nant, December 2,1689, vice Clark, deceased. Company E.Second Lieutenant Charles G. Sawtelle, to b e First Lieu- tenant,June8,1800,viceHancock, whovacateshisregi-privately applied. 6 Astor House. What is It? The best Tobacco ever sir. -. -.1 SOLD A T 37 FULTON STREET.resolving against all squatter sovereignty and all coali- mental commission. Company K.tions, and oaly in favor of a union upon principle.linattonofF".P.Blair,Jr.St. Lena, July 9, 1S60.Hon. Francis P.Blair,Jr, was to-day nominated by acclamation b y th e republicans of th e First District forripreaaatalive to Progress.Dee t r a c t i v e P i r a s t L e a v e n w o r t h . LKAvsxwoaxf, K. T ., July 9,1860.A destructive a r e broke o u t this morning a t three o'clock in t h e saddlery shop o f Owen Duffy, o n Delaware Street, destroy ing fourteen frame buildings. T h e follow- ing are t h e principal tosses and insurance:—Owen Duffy; aaOdler, loss on building a a d stock, 92,000; insured for •1.900, restaurant, owne t b y Mailer, loss MOO; insured; Beruger, gunsmith, lose $300; insured: T. C. Quintal, sad- dler, loss »1,M0: insured for $1,000: G. A . Eddy * Co., drugs, stock partly saved; fully insured; D r . Marshall, dentist, residence, less $600; n o msuranee; D. A . Bowes, clothing store, loss $1,500; no insurance; W . Breeks' city hook store, books and building owned b y Chas. Mundel, loss SI £00. no insurance; Kotbchild's varietv store, loss $3309; hnwred:Clark, Graser & Co., Times Buildings, in- jured to the amount of $100$; fully insured; Daily Tint. damage to press, paper, &«., loss $400; no insur- ance T. Abers carpenter shop, kiss $200. Some smaller huikkngs were also destroyed, b u t loss unimportant. The total loss will not exceed $15,000. on which there is Insurance as follows:—Hartford Company, $3,000; Charter Dak. $1,900; Home, New York, $-2,000, American Ex- change New York. $8,000; Fbeni*., Brooklyn, $800; State Wue, of New Haven, $300; .Etna. Hartford, $300. T h e are issupposed to have been thework of an incendiary, sad arrests hale been made ofsuspected parties.TheBnUaPoosOsSee.Bonos, July 9,1800.At a meeting of the Merchants' Exchange Company to- day, notice w a s received from Postmaster Capes that h e Should remove the Post Office to Summer street the 1st ofSecond Lieutenant John McLeary, to be First lieutenant, June 6,1860, vice Bootes, promoted. Company C.Brevet Second Lieutenant EdVin H . Stoushton, o f t h e Fourth Infantry, t o b e Second Lieutenant, September 5 , 1859, vice Harrison, resigned. Company A .Brevet Second Lieutenant John J . L'pham, o f t h e Ninth Infantry, to b e Seoond Lieutenant, December 2,1860, vice Smith, promoted. Company K.BrevetSecond LieutenantHenryA.F. Worth, ofthe Eighth Infantry, to be Second lieutenant, June 5, 1860, vice Sawtelle, promoted. Company C. -ikventh Regiment of Infantry.Brevet Second Lieutenant Francis J . Grilly, o f t h e Fifth Infantry, to b e Second Lieutenant, August 31,1869, vice Wharton, resigned. Company K .T'-nih Regiment of Infantry.Brevet Second Lieutenant Edward G. Bush, o f the Sixth Infantry, to be Second lieutenant, August 7,1859, vice Thompson, resigned. Company H .Promotions by BrentMajor William 11. Emory, of the First Cavalry, to\.be Lieutenant Colonel b y brevet, to, date from October 19, 1867, "for valuable and distinguished services as Commis- sioner for running t h e boundary line between t h e United States and therepublic of Mexico."noveluee. Broadway,Partings unstainable. next A . T. Stewart'sNo turning up behind.8 0Brevet Colonel Joseph E . Johnston, Lieutenant Colonel of theFirst Cavalry, to be Quartermaster General, with October next. The company unanimously passed a vote the rank of Brigadier General, vice Jesup. deceased, toBOYLE.—OnMondaymorning,July9,atfour o'clock, in St. Vincent'8 Hospital. JA.YK. the beloved wife of James Boyle, in the 31st year of her age.tbefriendsoftbefamilyare respectfullyinvitedtoat-tend thefuneral, from St. Vincent's Hospital, comer orEleventh street find Seventh avenue, this (Tuesday) af-ternoon, at two o'clock. The remains will be taken to my entire satisfaction. In a few days I was perfectly re Calvary Cemetery for interment. %empowering t h e directors to tender t h e Postmaster Gene- ral thefree u»e of the apartments BOWoccupied in the exchange from October to the lith of March next.Fire at .Milton Lower .Hills. BosTOjr, July 9 . 1860.Dc Witt C. Peters, of New York, to be Assistant Sur- ought destroyed eight or ten buildings. Loss $12,000. geon, June 23, I860, to fill an original vacancy.An incendiary fire a t Milton Lower Mills o n SaturdayBKIEX.—Drowned, on Monday, July 9 , CHARLEY Bum*, aged 13 years and 6 months, only son of Martin T. and Harah Brien.stored, and without inconvenience or interruption to htsinf— I have much pleaawe in recommending htm.Among the sufferers are Jabea Sumner, E. J. Baker, istrangeman and Samuel Everett.aweattas Burning Flnid.J f I x B Ww A a ] n x , J u l y 9 , I 8 6 0 .OnSundaymorning whileaservant girlof Mr.Robin- ton, in Orange street, was kindling a i r e with burning * W the can exploded aad burned the clothing from herCharles B . Alden, of Pennsylvania, to be Assistant Sur- geon, June 23,1800, to fill a n original vacaacy.Warren Webster, of Massachusetts, to b e Assistant Sur- geon,June23,1860,tofRlenoriginal vacancy.John Vansant, at th e District of Columbia, to be A s- sistant Surgeon, June 23,1800, to all an original va- cancy.Charles C . Byrne, o f Maryland, t o b e Assistant Sur- geon, vice Simpson, promoted, to date from June 23,1860. Archibald M. Fauntleroy, o f Virginia, to b e Assis- tant Surgeon, vice Coolidge, promoted, to date from Juneing theore as fast as received for shipment to England, P*y ing from two t o three thousand dollars per ton. Every-Both candidates for Governor of Pennsylvania were inGEO GORDON. Clarendon Hotel. JOffice 66 Wall street.New Ears. Jane 96. 1860.iFrom the Hon. Senator Pugh, Ohio]IcerUfythatDr.VanMoschziskcrtreatedmeforteafneaaia 1859, a r d c a n confidently reeommend him aaaskiUfn! serial. He has given me perfect satisfaction. GBOBOB PUGH.I From Hon. JohnMcLean, Jr., son of Judge McLean, UnitedStates Supreme Court F. A . YON MoecHzisKra, M. D. —DEAR SIK—I take great pleasure in testifying toyour skill- ful treatment of my case, having, as is well anowa to my friends, been for some years deprived of the bearing-of sag lelt ear. I may say that I have, thanks to you. entirety re- covered tbe use of that organ. My bearing is now as acase a s ever . Respectfully,JNO. MCLEAN.Jr. Dr. MOSCHZISKEB c a n b e consulted from 9 till 6 o clockat ltiT Clinton place. Eighth street.SARATOGA EMPIRE >¥RWO WATER -SUPERIOR TO any other Mineral Water. The advertisement of tbe pro- prietors of one of tbe mineral springs at Saratoga addreand a* Southerners, drinkers of Congress water, complaining so much about spurious n ineral water, is nothing more nor l a s tkaa a drive st tbe empire Water, snd the private eharacter ef lia proprietors, wee liallenge comparison betsreen tbe C~and Empiie Water, and appeal to Physicians ITU;ChemisiR. and drinkers e f both waters for their Ae '1 be corks of Empire » aler are branded thus:— G. W. WE8TONA CO..Proprietors Empire Spring EMPIRE Re lilbem Depot. 13 John street.New Fork. SPRING. SoW by all Drtiggists snd Hotels *rJIHE WOBLD1S)4)a7cOPIE«*. THE WORLDhasnowbeen publishedteasthanoaemonth,aadhasDAn.TCIRCULATION "ofTHIRTY THOUSAND COPDB8. whichiaiscreaaingregularlyeveryday.ThJiisunprecedentedinthehistoryofnewspaper|person.She died two hours afterwards in great agony.A Church Destroyed by Plre.SATO, Me., July 9,1860.tains become passable for teams the receipts of ore from the various claims in t h e Cainstock lead will b e very large, probably several million dollars worth during the summer.The following is telegraphed to Vizalia.—Sas FRAKOSCO, June 18,1860, \ViaVizauA19th,10P.M. J No arrivals. Sailed, Star King, Hong Kong. There is scarcely a n y trade to-day. There is good demand formoney and t h e most undoubted securities exacted.The old attachment lawis toberevivedonthe28tb. Business firms in stiff circumstances will b e forced into liquidation b y it. Scott, Van Tyne ft Co., and Wm. Haw- lejrft Co., o f Maysville, have already stopped, causing t h e failure of B. E. Brewster, of San Francisco, whose liabili- ties are upwards o f $300,000. They have confessed judg- ment for $100,000, protecting various parties. Inthe next ten days every unsound house will go by the board. The Pacific a n d Atlantic Telegtaph line was completedto Vizatia yesterday.The steamer Pacific arrived last evening with datesfrom Portland and Northern Oregon t o t h e 12th, not s o late a s t h e telegraph news received overland from t h e greater portion o f the State, but additional advices from re- mote counties. The election returns are incomplete. Mat- ters look better for the democracy than previously report- ed. The Jacksonville Sentinel of the 16th says the proba- bilities favor the election of the democratic candidate for Congress b y a email majority. All parties concede twen- ty eight to thirty anti-Lecompton and republican mem- bers in the Legislature, against eighteen to twenty regular democrats, giving the control to the opposition.rents , No. 166 Atlantic street, Brooklyn.BROWKR —On Monday^ July 9, at his residence, No.226Hudson street, JOHN BROWXK,|in the 81st year of his age. The remains will b e taken! on Wednesday morning, to Marlborough, lister county^ for interment, where thefuneral services dill take plaoe.BROOKS—On Sunday, July 8. GnosesK., infant son ofG. K. and Georgina D. BrooksiDAY.—In Brooklyn, on Sunday, July 8, HSVSY DAT, tbeson of John and Adeline Cecilia,, Day, aged 3 months,of cholera infantum.DxvnsASif.—On Surday. July 8, JOHN H. DEVERSUXX, •peti 4S years, 4 months and 16 days.The relatives and frit-nds of the family, the members of Hermann Lodge No. 268,ofF.and A.M.,alsotha members of Company A Jefferson Guard, are respectfully invited t o attend t b e funeral, from h i s late residence. 202 Stanton street, this (Tuesday) afternoon, a t two o'clock. His remains will b e taken t o Greenwood Cemetery.FKKSY.—On Monday, July 9, METHA R. FICKIV, only child of Clans and Regina Ficken, aged 3 months and 23 days.The relatives and friends are respectfully invited to at- tend tbe funeral, this day. (Tuesday.) from the ret; dence of her father, 86 Frankfort street.cm.u i).—Suddenly. on Sunday, July 8. of apoplexy, .TAMESS. Gnurn, aged 45 years and 6 months.Tbe relatives and friends are invited to attend tbe fune- ral, this (Tuesday) afternoon, at half past two o'clock, frcm his late residence, Noi 68 Bond street, Brooklyn, without further invitation.Govmt.—On Monday, July 9j after a short illness, EUZA I.AVLMA,daughterofCharlesA.andRosannaGover. aged 1 year and 7 months.Tbe relatives and friends are respectfully invited to at-Peelandwasstandingatthegangwaytakingtickets. twoo'clock,fromtheresidenceofherparents,No.522 Welch was about going on board when Peeland demand- Sixth avenue.ed his ticket, which Welch declined to give, whereupon a Cxrsv—At Sailor's Gully, Australia, on Sunday, Marchdifficulty ensued, which ended by Welch drawing a knife 18,1860, of an apoplectic it, WILLIAMGRVBT, Esq., proprie- and stabbing Peeland in t h e breast. Welch, who is a tor o f tbe Franklin Hotel, s t Btndigo. Australia, formerly notedSixthwardrowdy,madegoodhisescape,andupto ofNew York.The old Orthodox church, built in 1800, at a cost of $26,- 000. was destroyed b y a r e yesterday.Weather Report.ST. Josnai N . r . , July 9,1860.Thomas M. Winston, of Kentucky, to b e Paymaster, vice Gaines, deceased, to date from April 6,1860.Sixth Regiment of Infantry.William W . Saunders, o f Pennsylvania, t o b e Second lieutenant, vice MoCleary, promoted, to date from June 28,1860.The followipg named nou commissioned officers have been attached to the army, with the brevet rank of Se- cond Lieutenant, in conformity with the fifth section of the act approve i August 4,1884, to take rank from Sep- tember 13,1859, the date of their examination; and are assigned to regiments, a s follows:—HrH Regiment of Dragoons.2. First Sergeant Henry a Pearce, o f Company F , First Dragoons. lSecond Regiment of Artillery.1 Sergeant Samuel F . Mills, o f Light Company M, Se-Hon. George Marston, o f at the Everett Hosse.N e w Hampshire, isstoppingw"iad southeast.Weather foggy.—Thermometer 56 de-fProfessor J. Emion. of Richmond, V a.. and Captain Biggins, formerly of the mail steamer Vanderbilt, are stopping at the St Denis Hotel.I. De Ixibel Hahy ard family, or France; Major Hill. Capt. T. Van Vless and Dr. Fountleroy, all of the United States Army, are stopping a t the New York Hotel.Dr. W.Reynolds, ofConnecticut; E.C.Blossom, Esq., and J. Pickett. I*q-,botb of Texas; W . S. Fredericks. Esq., and R. M. Garden, Esq.,both of Philadelphia, and E. Q. Hunting, Eso., of Boston, are stopping at the La- farge House. ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ _ ^ ^ ^ ^City Intelligence.SxRiors AFFRXT AT BIDDIK'S GROTS—At a late hour last night John Peeland. residing a t No. 8 Dover street, was brought to the Near Y ork Hospital, suffering from a wound in his breast, inflicted yesterday afternoon b y a man named Michael Welch. I t appears that a n excursion party went to Biddle's Grove, and as they were about returning,tapethe, July 9 , laws. Slocks steady Penneytvania Slate e's, 9 3 ! , , Reading"ESTmM\ Long Island r York at"parNxw Oduu.'ts, July $ , I860. I Cotton market closed with a declining tendencycond Artillery.Company L .fourth Regiment of Artillery.I" day 100 tales; prices Irregular, at 10c. a 10 >jc. for 4- -» miodlins: sales of the week, 1,150 hales. Receipta «f the , $60 bales, aaainst 1 500 bales the same time lastexports, 11,7*0 bales ; total exports to date,3. First Sergeant Richard H. Jackson, of Company L, Fourth Artillery—(Company D).111. Promotions and appointments made b y the Presi- dent since the adjournment of theSenate:—,April- RichardF.Simpson, tobe Surgeon. June 2$, I860, to fill an original vacancy.Ami»tantSurgeonRichardH.Coolidge. tobe eurgeon, Jane 2$,C. Keeney, to be Surgeon, June 2$, I860, to fill an original vacancy. ^Aatanaat Surgeon Robert Murray, to b e Surgeon, June 23,1800, to All e n original vacancySecond Lieutenant George W C. Lee, to b e first lien- tenant, October 20,1869, vice Donelson, deceased.Brevet Second Lieutenant William C Fame, to oe Se- cond Lieutenant. October 20,186$, vice Lee. promoted.18; never taught before, and was the sister of one of the. meters.Flraf Biplaiiwf m*rrnjsiwir u s t Lieutenant David H . Hastings, t oyb e Captain, Company D .»WXAWJBB, acBTvear ±*» aMaovai STATS LOTTKISR. Dnuwaas--KxsBA Otfess No. MS, JOLT9,29, 66,9.58,64.33,32.63,17,16,60,46,8. DTXAWAK—Cuss No.SW,JUVT9,IMSJanuary 9 , I860, vice Fitzgerald, deceased.Second Lieutenant Benjamin F . Davis, t o b e FirstLieu Com-27. Cadet Salem S. Marsh, Ninth regiment. 80. Cadet Samuel T. Coahiag, Tenth regiment. SI. Cadet Frank Hager, Third regiment.32 Cadet Robert H . Hall, Fifth regiment.66, 3,63,30,36,74,69,34,40,37,S3,73,62. Circulars feat free of charge, by addreeatar either totenant, January 9,1860, n e e Hastings, promoted. pany K.WOOD, KDDT a CO'., Wihsinrton, Delaware,Brevet Second Lieutenant Samuel McKee, t o b e Second Lieutenant, January 9,1890, vice DavM, promoted. Com- pany &Brevet Second Lieutenant Eugene M. Baker, of the Second Dragoons, to b e Second Lieutenant, February 2 8 , 1800, vice Napier, resigned. Company K.Rtginent of Mmmtfd Hiflrmm.Second Lieutenant Laurence & Baker, to b e First Lieu- tenant, November 22, 1869. vice M ay, deceased. Com- pany D.Brevet Second lieutenant Edward P . Cressey, to b e Second Lieutenant, November 22,1860, rice Baker, pro-36. Cadet William H . Jordan, Second regiment.87. Cadet L yman Mhwter, Seventh regiment.38 Cadet George a Hollister, First regiment.30. Cadet George W . VanderbUt, Ninth regiment. 40. Cadet James M. Warner, Tenth regiment.41. Cadet Harold Borland, Fifth regiment.IV.—Transferred.Brevet Second Lieutenant Joseph Wheeler, Jr., ofthe First Dragoocs, to the regiment of Mounted Riflemen, June 26,1860.F .—foniaJftei. Resumed. ( 3 . )First Lieutenant George Ibrie, Third Artillery, Decem- ber 31,1869.8econd Uentenant Francis A. Shoup, First Artillery, January 10, I860. 'Second lieutenant Leroy Napier, Jr., First Dragoons, February 28,1860. 'CcaiwiMfon.Facafed imder tte 7ft srettoa of the Ad of June 18,1846. (1)By First Lieutenant Wlnfield 8. Hancock, Sixth Infantry, Assistant Quartermaster—his regimental commission only. June 5,1860. *Ccvminitns Vacated byNew Appointments. (2.)By Quartermaster General Joseph E. Johnston, his com-Official 0 0 . - 8moted.Company B .tint Regiment <f Artiller*.report was read at the meeting of the local board MissesMulrey,P1unketandSharp were appointed when novacanciesexisted.8,28,diTTlo.63,17,40,22,6,ft,18,21,4. m CoasouDATM) ttmsask, CLASSlk\ JOLT»,188k6 , 6 0 , 1 , 5 1 6 3 , 3 2 , M j , 6 6 , 3 4 . 4 9 , 7 8 , 4 3 , 7 3 ,Brevet Second Lieutenant Norman J. Hall, of the Fourth Artillery, to b e Second Lieutenant, January 1 0 , 1890, vice Shoup, resigned. Company l iThird Regiment «f Artillery.Second Lieutenant Lorenzo Lorain, to b e Firstant, January 2,1800, vice Day, deceased. Company L .Brevet Second Lieutenant Eliat B. Curling, of the Second Artillery, to h e Second Lieutenant, December $ 1 , 1869, vice Tipton, promoted. Company F .Brevet Second Lieutenant Martin D. Hardin, to be Second Lieutenant, January 2, 1860,vice Lorain, pro- moted. Company L.Fourth Regiment of Artillery.F.st Lieutenant John Gibbon, to be Captain, Novem- ber 2,1869, vice Phelps, resigned. Light Company B.Secoud Lieutenant Herbert A . Hascall, to b e First lieutenant, September 27,1869, vice Solomon, deceased.Mr. MORRIS, t r u s t e e o f U i e F o u r t h w a r d a n d s e c r e t a r yof the local board, presented the minute book of th *local board. He testified that all the ofticers exceptMr. Ryan were present when the teachers were dismissed; there areonly elevenmembers ofthelocalboard,there beirg one vacancy; the appointments were madebyavoteof teatoone;incmediately after,however,onreferringtotheminutes,Mr.RyansaidthatMr.White GreatBathsofShirts-Slxtow§S—Moodys kill,onWednesdayafternoon,athalf-pastoneo'clock.First 1869,Artillery, to b e Second lieutenant, November2 ,O. B . COLLINS, 480 Broadway, M. T .*—iA Grover A Baker Noiseless Sewing M a-vice Bainbridge, promoted.KrU Regiwumt tfCompany E .Infantry.The special commit tee who were appointed t o inquire into the matter of the removals and appointments, it is also understood Will report on Wednesday night. It is stated that t h e committee will probably make a unani- mous rejiort, embodying the principle that the recent re- movals and appointments in the Fourth ward were against the true policy of the school system, though the real m o live therefor cannot be determined; und in view of the fact tbat great injustice is believed to have been done the persons who were removed, they will probably propose to prevent such abuse in the future by recommending the insertionof aby-law intherules of theBoardofEduca- tion which shall give a teacher, after dismissal, the right of appealing to theBoard of Commissioners. At present^ howevergreattheinjusticedone,theBoardof Education'' have no means of redressing the grievance.The- Great Eastern.Yesterday was the first dayJof the operation of the fiftycent tariff of admission to the great ship, and it is need-Bntchelor'a H a i r Dym Is t h e Best i s t h a Thetideofvisiterscommencedaboutnineo'clock inthe world. Made,soldandappliedlaappropriateprivaterooms,at 14 Bond street.morning, and from that hour until almost sundown c o n -tinucd unabated. NotwithstandingthefactthatM>nday CrUfadoro's Hair Dye,Wigs andTon-is the accredited " washing day" among the feminine pees, the beat in the world, wholesale and retail, and the dye KnJJCKINICK, KiLLICKINICK, Knj.ICKIjriOK Ilieutenant Colonel Carlos A. Waite, of the Fifth In. fantry, to be Colonel, June 5,1860, vice Piympton, de- ceased. !chine is the beat friend of the family. OSce 089 Broadway, New York, and 182 Fulton street, Brooklyn.Wheeler andWilson's Hewing Machines. Office 606 Broadway, New Tstk.H e r r i n g ' s P o t e n t C h a m p i o n F i r e a n d Burglar Proof Safes, AM Broadway, ooroer of Murray street, New Fork. \ \Fbarfa Regiment ofCaptain William S. Ketcbum, of the Sixth infantry, tobe Major, June 5 , I860, vice Rains, promoted t o the Fifth infantry.Brevet Second lieutenant Caleb H. Carlton, of the Seventh infantry, to b e Second Lieutenant, Octobtr 1 2 , 1869, vice Garner, deceased. Company F .JWft Regiment cf Infantry.Major Gabriel J. Rains, of the Fourth Infantry, to beSecond Lieutenant Lieutenant, August. Company KDavid II. Brotherton, t o b e First 2 2 , 1 8 5 9 , vice Wingate, promoted.BrevetSecondLieutenantRoderirStone,oftheFirstIn- fantry, to b e Second Lieutenant, August 2 2 , 1 8 5 9 , vice Brotherton, promoted. Company B.less to say the new system proved entirely successful.Brevet Second lieutenant Allen L. Anderson, of the their position. It is intendedbytheDouglas SecondInfantry,tobeSecond lieutenant, September6,One door below Canal street.Second Lieutenant W m . B Hazen,fantry, to be First lieutenant by brevet, to date from May 16,1869, "for gallant conduct In two several engage- menu with the Indians in Texas. ' \II.—APPOIATSOESTS.Adjutant General $ Department.First Lieutenant Dabney H. Maury, of the Regiment of Mounted Riflemen, to b e Assistant Adjutant General, with the brevet rank of Captain, vice Page, deceased, to date tram April 17,1800.SigndDepartment.and Auriat. Author of the "Guide to the Canaea and Cure of the Diseasesof the Bye and Ear,''who restores Ihe sight and hearing by mild snd gentle treat- ment, and whose skill and indisputable claim to public coaA-dence has been attested by numerous Southern acnUemeu, 18 NOW IN NEW YORK,snd may be consulted, from 9 till I o'clock, on all diseases of theEYEANDEARDr. Mcscbzieker'B treatment ia the oolv certain and safeAf eistantwiththerankofMajor,Juno 27,1860, tofillanoriginal vacancy.Qwrtermaster's Department.Surgeon AlbertJ . Myer tob e SignalOfficer,date from June 28, I860.Medical Department.Joseph H. Bill, of Pennsylvania, lobe Assistant Sur- geon, vice Eaton, deceased, to date from April 13,1860.James H . Berrien, o i Georgia, to b e Assistant Surgeon, vice Holden. promoted, to date from June 8,1860.cure for restoring sight to the blind snd bearing to the deaf. and should, there f o n , not be deferred.23,1860.PayDeparlmmt.mjOO bate*.clcaeftrai: anise of the week, 4,000 hhds. Ei- First Lieutenant John G. Foster, to be Captain, July 1, parti leu b y thte Castr o f Knssia. oaleaden slightly advanced ath$9\ alio, and ltOO,hsvinffwrved "fourteca years continuous service The following gratifying communications have beens a h n * l s 9 ^|e$t. oa floar, 11>,c oaRSeeipta ahead of last year, 477,500 all Southern ports ahead •took in port.Corps of Engineers.Da ta a t1 9 i^Ti^aotlam / p o w r to d e l ikr you at the.-ert in Sixty-sixth street, in tbo lecture room of that fine^ammwInfantry.o ft h e EighthIn\SJIN FRAXCSCO, June 19— 11 P . M. The steamer John L. Stevens sails to morrow, taking i t TJt*c a $c. for 1,1809, having served ''fourteen years continuous ser- about 300 passengers, $1,400,000 for New York and $14,-Fir-1 Lieutenant Charles a Stewart, to b e Captain, Julyattec.a7«c. Whiskey viceaslieutenant.' ... 000forEngland. aftlS&e. aide; sales of the First Lieutenant Charles E. Blunt, to beCaptain, July1080 hags; stock la port, 1.1899, having served -fourteen years continuous ser- R e c o g n i t i o n o f O a r S h i p B n i l d i n g Cat* 1500 bass, against 30,500 bags the same time last year. vice as Lieutenant.*\2fc*bithefawMac at MO) a 10$v.. ffight exehaoge en aa lieutenant."York,-;aXparcentpremium. Freightsofcotton I.Jverpool,},<Lf CNKUGO. J « # », 1 $ «Flour quiet. Wheat dull sales 2£00 bushwfc No. i. in nant,July 1,1800, vice Blunt, promoted.made by the Russian Minister at Washington to Mr. W. H.Webb,theNewYorkshipbuilder,and Captain Com-a late hour last night had not been arrested. The injuryGEBSTT.—In Brooklyn, on Monday, July 9, the Rev. BsssaanJ.GKSXVTdiedofconsumptionattbeChurchof OurLadyofMercy, Debevoise street,nearDeKalbave-tore, ata$1 98. Core dull aad lc, lower: sales i- 35J00ear. a45tft-.. iaaaore. datodullataOe ReCorp* afFrancii € Bryan, lib b e Captain, July fourteen years contiuoousservicethe former for the Russtab government, and takes b y th e latter t o Cronstadt and there delivered to t h e Emperor — BAKON STOECtX TOW. H.WaWa.KS9>Wassmsoses.June 28,189$. 8m—Durtog your n o t visit to BassH, His Imperial Ma- Jesty aad the Grand Duke Constantrae expressedto you their high satisfaction for the skill aad mieui«Bee that youhavedisplayedintheconstructionofhW•aaeral Admiral. Thefmseror,wishingtooffer yen Mekeaof hisappreciationofyourmeritsasanaval«*^«}.""* of theperfect manner to whichyeu have aomphsnedyour task, has directed a w *J**f" ^LTL^J^wL pany ing case, containing a goat santT b o a enriched wtth diamonds. Imimamst^ist^mpm^u^^mmTaa mv sincere congratulations, and the reaewadassuranceAssociation.'wot finding the rest ef the city sufficient New York, are rc-pectfully invited to attend his funeral, ly wide.for their Moors, intent to build a temporary place at said church, this (Tuesday) morning at half-past tenEVERY BUSINESS CTECLS latheCITY OF SEW TORE.andabathatitIsrapidlyaabndbnjBsetfthroinasal EVERY PAET OF THE CErtED STATaS.It nay be lately eaanwasad to be about THEBESTADVERTISINGMEDIUMFOR BUSINESS MEN OF EYttST. CL'ASS, that can poastb!y be selec ted.' YMsee,»o.» Park Row.KrwVoaa. July7WSJ.fTo£OlTHEREERS-ALL OFTHEBESTFICTUREB^hhh. awar, nAOO baahas) wheat, 98,000 bush•»corn. flawOansaih oats. Shaijfeneanattos—t4O0O$ hbabte,. flour, 1>1MV t,5U00 boushbekbf) *whseat, 1W10.0$890 woasashbosata* caorsa,^I1S34J1O00J bushof worship close to one of the chief entrances to the Cen- tral Park, with the view of bringing book to the true light the thousands of heretics and sinners who endeavor to ef cape frcm the bustle and confusion of the metropolis on Snadavs. after having spent the rest of the week in hard toiling and confinement. Tne bowels of compassion pertainingtothesepreachersbarebeendreadfullymoved atabeungodlinessefthepoorexhausted,overworkedfctbe- ierg,andtheGainst,thereforedesiretohghtentheburdens ofthese benighted•'hewersof wood aaddrawersof wa- ter." b y administering hebdomadal opiates ia ins thane of intermaiable aersasss aad noahn saaateg. It ia stated that the Bev. Mr. Harris, of the Grees street church, an- nounced to his congregation on Sunday, that a Irage tent wouldshortlybeerected near theCentralPark,where preachers would attend every Sunday, aad strive to con- vertallwho«'gotheway." Doubtlesstheexampleef the Methodists will soos be followed by other deaomin*. tieaa, should this trat attempt prove successful.FRtssMAnoa; aa Wa.B. BABUX*—last evening th employes of the vhird Avenue Railroad presented tho president c f that ccrporatien, Wm. H . Darling, with alarge snd luiilinsn* painting o f the company's n e w d eUntitled Documento'clock.HOIIAS.—On Monday, July t, JOHN HOGAN, only sen ofJohn and Catharine Hogan, aged 1 year 8 months and 7 days. • ' " [Tberelatives andfriendsoftbefamily, andthoseof bis uncles, Michael. James and Lawrence A. Mulrys, are respectfully invited te attend b is funeral, this (Tuesday) aftemsos. at twoo'clock, from tberesidenceofbis parents,Xo.STChrysiiestreetHANSO*—toBrooklyn,eaThursday.July S,laotus HANSON,inthe68thyearof bisage,sonof thelate John Muklcm Hanson, Esq.. of Holland place, sear London, anjpssd.London papers please copy.lawis —On Sunday evening, July S, at Hoboken, MARY AONW,daughterofRobertandRachelIrwin,aged2years»oat« Freights arm at 5 *«c- o a corn t o Boflalo. %ht cMfeaafe oa New York 1'« per cent premium. 0wn^DO,Jaly9,llwfl.Floardutt,bataacoaaawrt.withamaOsansat$6id *KxtraState,aad$7a»'hnfexi. ledmne* and Ohio.^^a^gtorFustlieutenantGeorgeH.Derby,to be Captain,July 1.1860, bavmg served 'fourteen years continuous nsrv iceSecondLieutenantJuniusB.Wheeler,tobeFirstLies- XJalF1,1800,vice Bryan,promoted.LieutenantCrbmdoM-Foe,tabs FirstLieutcn- ant,July1,isoo,jSfJ*-**,EX TltndaeU, to be First .July 1.1S60, vice Reno, promoted.1cadeta.graduatesoftheMilitary itothetrai,withthabrevetrankof m y diMmirunhed ceatiawiatiaB.BTOEChL. -SecondLieutenantCyrusB.Comstock,tobeFirst Lieutenant,July1,1890.viceStewart,promoted.Lieuten-in fine Straw Hata. 216 Broadway.Manufactory, hat Broadway.' Brooklyn Photogr*»na.—Willlav*wson*»what#%»*mission o f Lieutenant Colonel Cavalry, June 28, 1860.o ft h eFirstregimento felectei b y same fusion, thirteen.This intelligence comesD. APPLETON A CO., Publishers.Nos. 443and446Bioadwar.H. Manama***M I III, OaWtwiyht.regimenTBI INQC1BY CONCLlTasD—PBOBABLE RBBILT.The Finance Committee of the Board of Education.charged with She invetligation into the alleged irregulari ties in the actios of the Fourth ward local board, as they affectthepayrollsoftheteachersofthatward,conclu- dedtheirinquiryyesterdayafternoon,attheofficeofthe Clerk, ball o f t h e Board o f Education.M*-\a«.—On Sunday. July 8. A.VXAM. H D , youngest dai-gbkv of Henry aad Anna M. Mease, aged 11 mastna and 16 >t days.«:29 Cadet Charles B awwman, Flrst^i 30. Cadet John J. Sweet, Second regimerawaoASaftr»- cadet8. Cadet James M. WhitUmore, Jr., Sexrnd reaimentners, oae ef Which displayed the words " Was A Dar-Miss DotMJXSTT testified that she was appointed May ling, theNapoleon of City RaaVeads," in Urge, plain cha asya.\\- £****wUhaa»W.MetWery,Jr.,Thirdregiment. \i r^^^ftSf^^'^WretfmoBt.18. Cadet Alex. C M . Pennington, Jr., 9econd regiment.Infantry.}t £22J^??!11.&PWM,Secondregiment.16. Cneot Daniel D. Lynn, Third i tgiment 17. Cadet Samuel A . Foster, First regiment.21. Cadet Alfred T . Smith, Fourth regiment. 23. Cadet James P . Martin, Sixth regiment. 2$. Cadet William G. Jones, Eighth regiment.,rt!,vB e£?• £?2£J * L ;. ' £ ^»«*rfei^rr0B»ent.^Z5*Tf****** •»* rVM^da af tJia fisaalry aaa inBsinsai Commissioners. aforraar RXMGXATJO* - F i r s t Lieut Leebarb, o f t h e "T,l!:'i to*M««» »»• funeral, from tbe residence of hisMiss SimcBTtostified that one of the young ladles in sixth regiment, resigned bis honorable pesitioa hi tbat llraadsnother, Xe, SM Beary street, tbJs (Tuesday) after herdepartmentisa neice ofTrustee Reilly; bad heard corpsoalastSaturday. Lieut, ieanschwasa most effi- neon,attwoo'clock. * * ^ '11 D mlw,rS 9&1 i*? 5:£ £*J! ' »WKhneat 34. Cadet Edward B D . Riley, Sixth regiment.Orlo WdoD. EDDT A CO.. St. LOun, F"wlaat of Hodges, Davis diJacksonville has lostIt is understood in California that this result will insure the election of D. Baker, republican and an antl Lecomp- ton democrat, to the United States Senate in August, when the Oregon Legislature meets.from awhichthing b u t honor."democratic paper remarks,source," T h et h e democracySentinel,every-KBYNARD A CO.,P A TENT HOUSEKEEPER'SINFALLIBLE INSECT POWDERAndVERMINDESTROYMB. The only tnilv reliable articles to exterminate BedhugfcCeoton Bugs, Moths, Garden Insect*. Rata and Mice,Principal Depot, No. 167 Broadway. Bold by all DruggaSS.,STODARD PIANOS,ORAMD SQUARE A N D PICCOLO, THE BEST MANUFACTUREDplaceo n the evening o f t h eDr. Marsh Continues to Apply his Radi- cal Cure Truss with success in effecting permanent cures of hernia or rupture. MARSH A CO., No. 2 Neaey a t , N . V .There has been no local newa fora week past of inte- country. The Austrian knighthood confers uponthere-TESTIMONIALS.I From Geo. Gordon Esq., New York 1Dr. Yon Muecfarieker operated on m v ears lor deafness totoPeelandwillnodoubtprovefatal.Second lieutenant Godfrey Weitssi, to be First Lieute- stock, now in command of the Adriatic, in connection Tax FASSOSS AhOTT TO LwasK rax CENTRAi PAR*.— nue, aged 26 years.Second Lieutenant George W. Snyder, to be First Lieu- tenant. July ! • 1099. vice Foster, promotedIn view afthecharacterofthepaper, aadthefact task with thesplendid ship General Admiral, built here by We understand that the Melbodist Local Preachers' His friends, and the Catholic clergy of Brooklyn and k anaskatoTnV. H- Waaa, Esq. :-BASON STOKKl TO CAJT. « » « * * X ..... AesnBws*ahwnawNP"avanasli>the ability a— -~M j o o r nroibssion, has directed mo to MiiinainsaTmr fair containioga dianaswaasWJ.o * w oleefriendscfthefamilyarerespectfullyinvitedtoat-tend tbe funeral, this (Tuesday) afternoon, at tares 1 »»* PsiBtfass oi ike da . isasVsstt Hassng. Eras,Sw~The Etaperor.atj tag yew atokenof[r pcnjkevnrsithe Generalo'clock, from the residence of her parents, 12tWashington street, Hoboken.KSAIT —On Satsrday, Jwly 7s JESXHXAX L. KsAfty kt the •Mh year ofhis age. ; ]His friends and those of bis nunily are melted te attend his funeral, froon a n n t s residence. No, a t Seresth ave- nue, thte (Tuesday) afternoon, a t three o'clock.nsje, daughter of Lawrenos pad Ann Madden, aged 4 months snd 9 says. 'r)e.«er aa<J Cattle Fteos. jBott odtesaaa to n o w York. Keaihr frsaaed. Cmmmtfi pSvw n aW cSy. C. G SAM- FORD,4WBroadway,be*,„'STMcawfesawAM,dk.wTU*,J.?mFATJf'1, SALAWAMDSR SAME,F AIRBANKS CELEBRATED SCALES QUIRK BSOTsTaSht.No 98Masseskm.NewYork.— - -wwlur speak o f Mr. Reilly aa her uncle; she was recently ap- pointed. * ^Mr. Rvas, the Inspector who objected to the pay sous, raW:—ItismyImpression that there wasbargainand ta'e for the positions; it is currently reported that M is so; that is, tbat the appointees are to pay a portion of their salaries far their places; I believe that money, re- ligion aad politics were the causes of removal; m y rea- sons are the same for m y belief to all these instances -that is, rumor.Commissioner STOSSS asked if Mr. Ryan uad not desired to nave a relative appointed.lnapector Evas responded-^] have n o relative nearerto roe than a fifty first cousin—tbat is,who wishes an ap-pointment ia the Fourth ward; the recent appointmentswere first agreed upon by some of the members of thelocal board, and then the dismissals were made t o makeplace for them, there were appointments made to fillthe places of Misses Magie and Powers at the meetingbefore they were actually dismissed; I w a s n o t presentwhen t h e nine teachers were dismissed; I w a s presentwhen the appointments were made to OH the vacancies,and voted on every appointment, for or against- I did notvotefortheremoval ofMasMagie orMiss Powers,but I was present when they were removed; I considerthat I notified the Board, in m y written minority report,that the appointments were made contrary to law; the Delaware I-oUerie*:—FaTTT.-On Monday, July i , o f eoaanmatloa, Joan r a t -"^y*4 .*****"•t l m m ***W"rty Garner, arlasMlTbe relatives and friends are respectfully ttvSed to at-tend the funeral, tha (Toesdavl afternoon at**"" oVkxk^from hto hue resasonee/a^WCannR Brooklyn.Founts.—On Monday. Jury 9, W a i n roeacsst anJM of Hugh and Warfaret ItJlnck, aged 4 asonUMLTbe friends and relative* are invited to attend tha fu- neral,from theresidenceofhhparents,Uffarto ird street, this (Tuesday) afternoon, a t two o cRossKCXS —Oa Sunday, July S, RI-TOA, wifc of Rodrtgues, o f Puerto Principe, Cues.Tbe funeral will take plaoe from No. M BL Marks place, o n Wednesday afternoon, a t two o'clock.SKWARO —On Saturday morning, Jnry 7 , FawBentWav- 1AKB, only child of Daniel W. and Agntta Seward, aged • years and 7 months.His remains were Interred in Greenwood Cemetery. Goshen, Orange county, papers, please copy. Srcaxs—On Monday morning, July 9 , Di*e*H_son o f Dicdrich and Catharine Sturke, aged 7 months Si days.The relatives and friends o f the family are respectfully iarited to attend the funeral, thia (Tuesday) afternoon, at twoo'clock,Iromtheresidence of hnparents,134Biaa- beth street.TsowrwoK —On Monday morning. July 9 , after a linger- ingillness,4SAL.TsonraoN.Intbe76thyearofhisage.was appointed b y a vote o f five t o two—Messrs. Ryan and Crcaben voting in the negative: one or both of the inspectors voted for every dismissal and appointment; he did not know that either Miss Dougherty or Miss Reilly were related to any of the school officers; Mr. Ryan's minority report was not read at the meeting, and in fact never came before the meeting.The Chiarman o f the committee, Commissioner TTCXSK, then stated that allthetestimony was in that probably could b e obtained, and moved tbat t h e inquiry b e closed, which was agreed to.Funeral from tbefresidence of h is mother, at Peeks- The friends o f tbe family are invited t o attend.portion of the community, and interfered with th e wishes ofmany,thenumberofvisiterswasnearlyfourthousand, or more than twice as large as the attendance on any pre- vious occasion.Doubtless many were also deterred from going on board by the anticipation of a rush, but no fears of this kind need b e entertained, for twice this number might roam comfortably about the huge ship, without the idea of ajam being even suggested.As regards the character of the crowd yesterday itwould favorably contrast with a n y that lias y e t been o nboard—being orderly, quiet and genteel. N o dispositionwas manifested to intrude in any part of the ship not opentovisiters,andwebelievetherewasnoexceptiin tothe To Correct snd Stimulate the Hepatic polite exchange of question and answer that took pi ice secretions in liver complaints, especially where weakeningthe constitution, Bhould be avoided. HOI.LoW A Y'S PUIs a r eThe trade supplied.PARSON'S RAT AND ROACH EXTERMINATOR,THE BEST I N THE WORLD,Haa destroyed all the cockroaches s t the Astor House, M e wYork. They recommend it as the best EXTCRMTNATOB they have ever used; Bold by druggists Jn the United States atd Canadaa.T3EADY ON WEDNESDAY. APPLETON8WithaDescriptionofthePrincipal C«ties and Towns, and Places of Interest. T ogether with Hotels, Through Routes, a n d Routes of Travel.With Colored Maps.between the officials and sight seers all day. The band othe ship, during the afternoon, was stationed in one of th • and surely. •dining saloons, and aided to the pleasure of the occasio . by their performance ofa variety ofpopular composi tione.Farly in the morning another of the crew was reported dead, and an inquest being held in the afternoon, tbo ver- dictwasrenderedtotheeffectthatbedied fromexhaus- tion superinduced by excessive drinking.iA Beautiful Complexion—Laird•« LiquidPearl la pronounced by medical men to be tbe only beautitier that will cure diseases of toe skin. Sold by druggists. 139 Broadway. ;Jas. T. Drumgold and Wan.L. Proch, will be pleased to see their friends and former patrons at No.Paper covers, 80 cents Cloth. 76 m i l sOnthedock'thereisnothingnoticeable more thanthe 146Broomestreet,onedoorwestofBroadway.TastyClothingPreparations are making which it is believed will re-establish thepony express on a permanent footing. W.W. Finney, who left Carson Valley more than a week ago,to restock the route, is expected to return with a favora-ble report as to the disposition of the Indians and means bar loaded with drink. On the top of this building he has HARROW.—At the residence of Wm. A. Woodward, Esq.,of prelection provided, s o that t h e next express m a y start eastward en Friday, the 22d instant. The Indians on theexpress route and in Western Utah generally are intimidated on account of the recent demonstrations, but no confidence is p u t in their remaining peaceable. T h e warriors have only fled beyond reach till the volunteers leave t h e field a n d t h e Inhabitants are again unprotected.It is said that an application is to be made to the general government authorizing Colonel Jack Hayes to raise a regiment of volunteers to follow up and chastise the ta- ctians until permacent peace is established.also erected a platform and awning, where a fine view can be had of the Great Eastern.In all respects, the entire locality, both on ship board and on shore, are being daily improved, and in a week or more will be in proi>er and presentable condition.Parsonnl Intelligence.FoRxicx HoKoas —The Order of Knighthood of Francis Josephhasbeenconferred bytheEmperorofAustriaonCharles P. Loosey, Esq., Austrian Consul Genera^ at the port of New York, as an appreciation of tae faithful per- formanceofhisservices in thepositionheholdsinthisKeewaydin, Orange county, N Y . , on Monday, July 9,' HassanW..infantdaughterOfJ W.andH.B.Barrow, of this city.BILL.—Drowned, on Saturday, May 26, while bathing in the Red river, near De Kalb, Bowie county, Texas, CHARLESS. BELL, eldest son and onlv remaining child of Commodore Charles H. Bell, t'- S. N , in the 34th year of bis8ge. Mr.Bell attbelimeofhisdeath,wasengagedThe well I nown Europeanject to the annoyance of a crowd of men clamorous over ainvited to attend tbe funeral services this (Tuesday) after- noon, at four o'clock, from his late residence, No. 11, Livingston place.SIGHTRESTORED.DR. VON MOSCHZISKEB,RECOVERED.rest abroad; everything is quiet in California. Considerable stiver ore continues to arrive a t San Fran- cisco from the *Wa^oe mines, notwithstanding it costs seven cents per pouna to pack the same over the moun-tains a t this season.Mr. Davidson, the agent of the Rothschilds, is purchas-The friends and acquaintances of the family are respect- fully requested t o attend t h e funeral, o n Wednesday thing indicatesthatassoonasthe roads overthemoun- PhiladelphiaonSaturday. Hon.A.O.Curtin wasatthe afternoon, at twoo'clock,fromtheresidenceof hispa-cipient many marks of distinction.pleasure of Mr. Loosey's acquaintance will admit that th e honorhasbeen Justly earned, and tbat theHitterVon Loosey (Knight) will well sustain the dignity his Em- peror has bestowed upon him.On ard House, aad Hon. Henry D. Foster stopped at tho same hotel.Hon. Charles Ready and lady, of Tennessee, are stop- ping, with their daughters, Miss Ready, Miss C. A . Ready and Mrs. Cheatham, a t t h e Metropolitan Hotel.Governor WinsJow, of North Carolina, and Hon.T. F. Marshall, of Kentucky, are stopping at the Astor House.Major General Watkins and Colonel Harrison, both of the British army; Colonel Lowry, of the United Stales army; and L. C/snel, Esq., of Cincinnati, arc stopping at the St. Nicholas Hotel.Those who have the^J'Tuar52, 49, 65, 54, 72, 11,70, 26, 10, 22.Prises• cashed at MB Broarfwy. Cireolan aawt free. HODORS, DAVIS A CO..Drawing! of Frante,aWamX Coestf. CLASS M8, JWM 9,MdO.FRANi-K, BBOADBSMTS ACO., Managers, Wihntagton, Delaware.11 |1 iWhite, Ihe Hatter, Ahead-\ew awawafsaaFAS BTSKIRX.—At Peekskill, oa Sunday, July I, Geo. TAB Bt MURK, aged 34 years10,000ditto from ansdea. i» IOne dollar each.Minlaturee, Cabinets, Imperial* aad Life Size. (K9) Fulton street.Twoforty sameW*JIBS*._OB Monday, Joly 9, at his residence, 92$ Third avenue, JAMESB. WEBBER, aged 40 veartMISCELLAJIaVOfJB.•*»'"*^-»»^— —*•——^—•——-•— , , ,• -W|-||I1_at |J~-1TJLU MillA LOCAL AGENT WAsTTKD KVKKVWHRR*_roa the Eureka Shuttle Sewing Machines. Address D. f.LEVY, Superintendent, office 413 Broadway.AT EVERDKI.L*8.-WEDDrNO CARDS, NOTBS. AC. See the orange blossom Knvelooe, new aattn Tie bar cards, Ac. No. 303 Broadway, corner o f Duase street.ALL GOOD JUDGES OF A PCBE ARTICLE, Un- hesitatingly declare that Read's Loadon Cordial din. re- mains unsurpassed by the most anted brands reeetveA direct from England, n o inconsiderable quantity o f these import* Uocs, after a brief period undergo a certain process, 11 raise"dewtaring." Beta's Old Ton isa healthy fr»rer, and does not encsrlper the stomach and bowels, Hhe the hspaarard ad- mixtures of these mercenary experimenters. Principal depot, 118 East Twenty-ninth street, New York.AS I SAY, IF YODR BEARD WON'T GROW NAStT- rally, you must use my Onguent, a hich is the only thing in existence that will force the beard or mustache to grow la s>fr «• weeks, and won't stain or injure the skin. Price SI. Hold• ~ —k - everywhere.' ''O. B. Slont «fcCo.'a Celebrated Lock Stitch and Shuttle Bewinjr MaiOrinea.Ellipticno.The relatives and friends of tbe family are respectfullyWAREROOM8 tOC BROAD*AT. I HEARINGas civil Texas.engineeront b eMemphis IandElPasoRailroad,tend the funeral, this (Tuesday) afternoon, at half pastnts dk Co.'sB.G.GRAHAM, 109Nassau street. Whlikey.-S, T . Snlt'i Kentucky Salt CORNS, BUNIONS AND INVERTED NAILS CUEET*river Bourbon, sold by all drugging. HK<JKMAN A CO., Nos. 161,S»,Mland794Broadway,N.T.without pain or inconvenience to the patient, by J. C. HABLETT, Surgeon Chiropodu t, office 339 Broadway, front room, second floor. Price 60 cents a corn.EUREEA CELEBRATED 8EWINO MACHINES, HEMMEBh ATTACBMDPriceS60complete,GUARANTEEDASREPRFf-EME© Can b e P A ID for in WEEKL Y AMOUNTS.AGENTS WANTED—Liberal discount allowed. Office, •' BROADWAY.FANS.-PARIS FANS.Newandbeauitfulstyles,just reccedandforisleby GEO. C . ALLEN. F o 415 Broadway.*•i iiGoodr u m s ! I ANSON'8 Tea Warehouse, No. 1 Chambers street and 216 Greenwich street.Growth and Proper Care ofthe Ladies' Hair.—Advice for preventing its turning gray b y GRAND- JEAN, Aster place, near Broadway.i |Hill, Inlmitnble Hair Cutter.—HnlrDyoMcents, black or brown.Barry's Trlcopherons is the Best and cheapest article for dretdng, beautifying. **•*"«*-# curling preserving and restoring the hair. Ladies, try It, Sold byfcsiJ druggists. ;C l i r e h n g h ' a I l l u s i v e W i g s a r e E n t i r eDepot N a l Barclay street, and allU —.ihe very best remedy known. They operate silently, safelyi j««»»er aad Jane E. Moore, aged 2 years, a months snd STFuneral services a t b i s h i s residence, LaOiyeue a ve- nue, near Marcy avenue, East Brooklyn, this (Tuesday) afternoon, at (bur o'clock. Relatives and friends will attend witboM farther invitation. His remains wHl be taken toConnecticut Farms, N.J.,for interment.HAND-BOOKTOTHE ENTIREUNITED STATES AND BRITISH KIOVTNCES, IncludingCalifornia, Kannas, Minnesota. New Mexico, Utah, Nebraska, Washington Territory, Oregon, the Isthmus of Panama,COMP ANIONO FTRA YKLI vol., Rquare 12mo.t-ent free by mail on receipt of price.RIFLE.Surgeon Oculist tmws^^mr^mwiswam |^ a ^ v* ' - * • »ildinr K'The rwp**t of Uie gift was escorted saw the200.000.000 Needle MABBfart'ire.S; * * tae reMttraiaVfriew^atrT^tedto attend the fa. tirewt. New York. Wm*KV» >, Bu^naasbam. Enfant,rormTy aTho309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069a,mberIf .he• » « - M "Z^SawVmas M. Tryniskiand the r^esestiawwi watfcffjellyanvfc by ant of thm,www.fultonhistory.com 