 hunanimous of the of opinion Court;Mr. SHiTBofiit -will be authorized, thoughI,4W)quick- herpropellerbroken. She had[appellatecefsary to give quiet to the country, et<;., etc. As- juf groeiit of other t'ibunals, but it is a suit to inquire posing one of the finest disciplined regiments ofhntorof FvsitiTe Uw.on tbe coequal and coordinate wiih the Supreme Court of to himself, to this Senate, to tbe State of Wiscoosin,ihe Uoltea States, and not inrerior or iubordtaata to the sacred memory of the dead, to take back evafjto that Court. If the Supreme Court of Wisconsin word that he has uttered, calculated to Impngn In their propriety, and submit some remarksArrlTali ofthe Europa and the Tlgt.oftheTetasB. ^VOL.IX—^NO.aC31—^WTTHASUPPLEMENT.NEW-YORK,SATLRDAY,FEBRUARY25, 1860.PRICETWOCEII*Rfe NEWS FROM EUROPE.FROM WASHINGTON.to arise nndertkeConstltntion of the United States.She has only atseried her right to judge for henelf asto what powers are delegated, and what reserved by ry ;" ofIt; and upon that question her Supreme Court Is lated Constitution." That Senator (Toombs) owes iting by a member from New-York, (Mr. CaaTsa,) andSooUttle,WiteontiB,VUiaretoElectaPrintertothe forIhelastevery Democraticthe unanlmoos decision of3d Wisconsin 118- Report, pp. IS, 23, 193-4, 114,gen- Virginia, (Dem.,) asked whether theand tele- graphic despatches to the 4th, arrived here at 4ate. Thereeolntione,however,•Bills.Mr. Kxm wished to make a statement relative tofollowing imy, ar-Bouse.the Appeals, the Courtthe whole jndlctal gravest questions underlying the whole sye-Em- tem of Government He admitted that had he beea lutions.Rom the resolutions of '98, and the history of the con- tioversy In Georgia, showing that the SUte of Goor- denied altogether the appellate jurisdiction of the Slnapreme Court of tbe United States, and treated that Courtwithmostprofoundcontempt] Idonotques- tion, and have no right to question the integrity orofleMlntions Selatire to tbe Ratienal ^e State of the South. [Mr. Dooumi here readeaard.fntilTBiilrt M tt* ir««-Tork Tiara.consulted, aa a lawyer, at that time, aa to the powerof Coigress to legulate upon the subject of the ren-dition or fugtitves from service, be should have de-claredInfavorofthatpower. Sincethea,however,by the able discussion of the subject. In his own State, House was Am election of Printer.and by his own careful attention, he now agreed with On motko of Mr. YAUAniaHAM, of Ohio, (Dem.,) Justice SHira and his colleagues of the Supreinc a resolution was ardopted instractlng the CommitteeG«n. J. W. Dxnvaa. ex-Governor oforial Committee on the Territories has not yet agreed —New-York, has put back towhich had been opened since litigation closed the beea 32 days out^ with her mainsbaft and a tei••(Kportof fire eaUn aad tea steerage passengers, and a general cargo. SMieftGlasgow on the 4th of January.The ship Jane E. WaUk, of Yarmouth, bom U»w-pool for Havana, with a cargo of coal, fdimdered at sea Jan. 31, lat 47° North, long. V Weat Crew saved.FRANCE.ynpOMd Territory have been exhibited to tbe Com-mittee, and are pronounced the richest on the conti-nent, jieldlng »5 000 per ton.The Honsc Poftoffice Committee, this moming<anaoriied Mr. CaAio to report a bill directing thetodespotism. ItPoatmaster-GenersI to advertise for proposals for gia ic a single word Gepends entirety upon the qaeltion whether tlie law of Consress be or be not oonstitatlonal.administer the ConsUtotlon as he understood«aTT7ing the mails from New-York and New-Orleans Toombs—Certainly, Sir.and TAnzr as Chief Justlee, leaning towards the con-after being raad, laid aside to be reported to theIfr.WxBSXLLwas,to-day,beforetbeCommitteeon corpvsardreversethepiocetdiogsoftheCourthavingPablic Expenditures, and made some rich disclosurestouching the public printing. He thinks prices couldke reduced one-half. The profits have constituteda corruption fund, and afforded sustenance for partyFres«< s, Mr. Bica, of Pennsylvania, will be next ex-conipetent jurisdiction, and somuchof the report as makes me admit that in any event, whether the Fugi- tive Slave law is constitutional or no', the proceedingTwo thousand hives of honey bees, which arrived atSan Francisco from the Ailautic States during Jan-uary, had been sold, averaging $10 per hive, which 4th instant. Its provisions would aot be ofBelany pro-bUls were passed through the Committee of the Whole, to-day, appropriating $1,000,000 for pen- ioai, and $200,000 for West Point. The estimates"Immaculate decision," in constitQlioDal and a nullity its, If, and yet the Court order to irrevocably fix Slavery in the Territories.until Easter, in aadeithat candidates. For himself he had uniformly acted A wire suspension bridge, 180 feet long, had been His Holiness may overcome the tribolattons to iridchpriationTOOMBS— I merely wished to state mv position, not to argoe it ; 1 sm prepared to argue it at any proper time, 'fhe Issue is clearly made on both sides, and now The Secretary ol War has appointed Cols. Bccais- fairly understood. It is a question of constitutional law, addressed to the judgment, to the calm reason.Shxemaii and then for Mr. PEitBiiiaTO!<.were faithful to the right of self-government to thelnterests of free white labor, and for a protectiveThe bark Jfesseng-er B,rd, which has beentmiaw- fully traversirg the ocean with a cargo of coffee fraudulently obtained at Rio, was last heard of at Tega Island, where a portion of the cargo was sold by the captain, when he put to sea with the proceeds.nomlnatloas of Sardinian officers to the Legion of Honor, suhd an-hold that an example was given by the Hissouriansprecating all party organizations; urging measures totothe suggestion that Sardinia should engage never totions were in existence when the landing of Napo- leon I from Elba caused a renewal of the aDIaaceto whichof the great Powers, Switzerland gave herhas erred in assuming this power to for the least judgeand ol that Intmiltyapplicable to tbe gentleman (Cauaa) alone who offered them.MiiLOT's Station, Friday, Feb. 24.The OverUnd Hail Coach, with regular Ban Greato'clock this afternoon.Ex-Gov. ^WxLLaa had been chosen by the differentwings of the Democratic party as their candidate to head the delegation to the. Charleston Coaventlon.Gwia in the United Stales Senate. Senator r.*'*».w propoeed leaving forof last resort, inVirginia, In 1814;withdrawal of tbe objeotlon would bring with the uptlie reso-Speecb of Mti Gladstom m tkelMget.Kansas,com-menced canvassing for the luccessorshlp of Dr. The MaUhistoryGeorgia—now,orsoonto become theIdentiCAl with those of the Republican party of to-daycrats, also, brought up In the school of Jsrrxasoiv andtion of tbe statue of WAsairiGTOn. Mr.LovxsoT,ofIllinois,(Rep.)objected. Mr. KazTT said he did not mean to made aGlasgow far Qaeenstown, havi^I see manyJacksoei, sustained the action of the Court in inter*The new Idra quicksilver mines, in Fresno County,in thethe bill for Nevada, but the Chairman think* Court of Georgia to command my resoect. The re- preting the Coiutltutlon as they understood it Itthingsopinionof^theSupremenotStates for "^ i^consin having had jurisdiction, there was no power to seize a person from prison under the habeasimpotatioa,;great question in the science of the American Gov- coDtbiued and stem reslstence to the plurality rule, BccKLXT & Co., a hardware bouse, bad suspended, ernment was when the jurisdicion of the State and but their creditors at San Francisco were not likely FederalGovernmentscameinconflict Whowasto buttheydidnotrefusetovoteundertbeleadership tolosemuch.decide ? It would never do to say that the decisions of those who signed the compact. The Southern se-of the Federal Courts should be received as final and cessionists are of necessity unfit men to be entrustedcouclusive. When it usurps power its decisions must with our national interests. But thei.'<of the Court of W i^consin is right. erroneous.?»iv- ^'- fr*• ' '-ft^^rfftt57t:J^:&,=:.y:u:l} yn?n -csaT^ li^the ICettJ^lrrtk iimt$.theItself hideptndentlyof the Supreme Court of the JudgewhoproDOimcedthedecisionofwUchhecom-United States, who taught ber that important lesson T[He read further frcm opinions of JudgeMr.DAviDsoavrithdrow Ms which had objection,been made In consequence of the abseiMse of the tleman from South Carolina.TicMrySpantey^sacThe ReioluUons of 17«eplains.Smith.17, 119-20-21,] Mr. D. commended these entire opin-Frandsco dates to the 3d oftweaty yearsthe Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, In 1798;platformFebruary,;the conferred on theGeceral Govern- which could not but have copyists—and that Jobs trict Court of the Unlteu States for Vl'isconsin had Speaker our sincere regret for the omission, on the prevent powersBaown's foray was the legitimate fruit of Border Ruf-world knows that the United States District Court hashospitality and respect wbichkentccky.Louisville, Friday, Feb. 24.lanlsm.^__^_^_From the Associated Press,special onlyas tbe law of Congress under the Constitution confers; all else is reserved to the State Courts. An unconsti- tutional law is no law—A at fireonWasbisoto!!, Friday, Feb. 24.The Indian Bureau has received official advice provision repugnant to it«elf ; it Is the ConstitutionrightS'averyin thestreet, including all the principal stores. The Theo- logical Seminary was injured alEO. The names ofshort campaign terminated by the second peace of Paris. The Swiss and Sardinian questkuis were:Speakerto thefdations of the President in 1858, invest that.Congresshim with the war-making and treaty-making power,and reform in retrenchment theA TOBACCO FACTORY IX RICHMOND. RicaMOND, Friday Feb. 24.John Stlwaet Walsee's tobacco* f,ictcry was burntforce " A war with the tribe is now beyond the pos- States."to the Constitution of the United copypreambleColonel o said Regi-tachment to the Unioncondenming the recommen. sufferers.it wasat ofcansalongtheRioGrande. SuperintendentCoLLi.fs "saysattUltyofprevention." It will be reeollected thatlast year a treaty was made by Capt Boimvnxi and Superintendent CoLiiss with these Indians, but It has not yet been acted on by the Government.The Pension and West Point appropriation pills would have been passed to-day had there been a quo- nunintheHousewhentheCommitteerose. These hills elicited no debate whatever, there being in them no appropriations in addition to those previously au- IhOTlzed by law.The Republicans have a caucus to-morrow after- noon on the subject of a Printer.;Sweden andthat the portion of Savoy wbich, the first peace18S8. Mr. WiorAix explained that this was necessary thority to imprison the person of a citizen, is n,j; that a sufficient answer ? Or suppose the case to be In order to protect the frontier of Texas from the rav- an action for false imprisonment brought against the ages of CoxniiAB' banditti, who have devastated the Marshal, would not the State be compelled to passHe received 11. e .South Aiiu'rlcan and some can voles.Hcpubl:-ALAUAMA A.NIl DIRECT TRADE. MuSTiioMEnv, Friday. Fel). -1.lo the ot those treaties, aad may be spiritcountry alongthousandmilesabove. Theresolutionwaslaidover.from taxationports.He also reported a bill fortween the Uidted States andcarryingturtle, and the lurile on nothing. Does a Court have the mall be- jurisdiction by Its own mere ipmedijritf Take the case of the United States District Court of Wisconsin, and see where this doctrine would lead. We have no Cir-u seriously en-Mexico. This bill is petitlun.to Mr. BcTTsarisLn'a cuit of the United States. Our District Judue ocrat. Judgeholds both District and Circuit Court; there can be no division of opinion in the Court, and, therefore, no appeal. It is with no disresoect to the Judgemay indict, try and sentence, even to death, any man, Whole number woman or child in Wisconsin, and there is practi- Necessary to a choiceMr. Ball.:in astween Savoy neutral but Sardinian, and Savoy nautral but French! It would indeed be a 'no» stas,' after w hat we have seen in 1859 of the Italian ofCalifoinia.The bill for the reUef ofStates. Add this doctrine of the Senator from Geor- Mr. Glossbrenner Mr. Mitchell17 1El-Gov. Baxee and D. O. Lvscn were chosen dele- gates at large. Resolutions instructing the delegates to vote for Judge Dolglas were passed.TbeOeleajis families, who took part in, andresponsiveit 'withSavoy's engagementsf IsthMe,aoMr. JoBSSTOs, of Tennessee, (Dem.,) reported the der lor Thursday, at 2 P. M.|;Merchant.up and passed.Mr. Beowii'8 resolution relative to the Territories.United States whether within or outside his constl- ;tuuonal jurisdiction, wlib or without cause, by his warrant alone he could arrest any citizen of Wiscon- sin, try him. sentence hlin, even to dea'h, and there is1 Messrs. McFbeesok and Wzbsteb voted for Gales& Seatox.Mr. BaisTow, of Kentucky, (.tni.,) a.^ked leave tooffer a resolution to end this strife.Objection was made.The I'Lke's Peakarrived this evening, bringing four passengers, and of Sv»ilzeriaad. That the Emperor Napoleo» UI. wiUwas taken up.Mr. DcoiiTTiE, of Wisconsin,Rallronds. Teesto.v, Friday,sible gnarantees for the neutrallt)-indepoidence for itFietident, it is reported of John Qlincy Adahs that heonce said to Kls friends, that the best thing ever ut-no No habeas appeal.could reach the'tearingof which he complains, upon a long and able review of this whole controver-;ordinate with theMarshal Ablbma!.. After aTheCemrriertt,whichIs theirproperty;;/oKrgrounds Iwcauftot state any offence under the actFeb. 23. sales ol the orlces are ',c.ai \e. lower on theto those desires of m- .Wisconsin,JiJJfhouse, have not sncceedad in twenty re- obtalaingsy, sumracd up by declaring: "The conclusionis,^;tJ°H"J" ""^t.The Atchison and Joseph's Railroad.Feb. 23.over Constitutional ment of France.Bavoy to the ImperialGovern-. _^ andthat the Supreme Coun of is and co-Thursday,and notthat as to theJoseph's Mr. Watteestoh. Ralhoad was laid yesterday. The road wlU be stocked and Immediately opened on the 1st ot March- This road brings jltchison in direct railroad connec- tion with all the principal clUes in the Union. Thebytheirceased to proclaimtheportsin theRepublicofOppositionham,at such' time as the indictment against him maybe the Swiss Republic is concerned, any dimreaee be-competentjurisdiction." Whata solecLsm!All theof thepart Executive and said Committee, to extendment the Constitution, bybeing holdingapplied to ends ofa and limited jurisdiction, and so muchir-justlce and oppression;dutyofstitution with gotsenactmentannulling everyeverywar upon our people, and are also killing the Mexi- enacted with a proviso Implying that it is not repug- ary, I860.nant to the Constitutionand resolu-ing of the Slave-trade : expressing immovable at paper proposes a meeting to-night to aid the ber, 181S, by Austria, France, Great Britain, Portagal,Ball, of Ohio. Homestead bill, and moved to make it the special or- of this Court that I say that the same Judse The house voted,^^_^^_ Death of a Well KnownMessrs. Haun and Gwu, of California,presented sundry memorials from the Legislature of cally no appeal to any other court of the United^Vu. B. Hxexicx was taken(Democrats)George Callendar, of this city, died last nightsaid: (Rep.,) Mr.Feb. -4. The Central P.ailroad extension bil!,liavin!; passed both Houses, only awaits the sifinature of the Gov-$3.u«0 in gold dust.^^^^^ghivme anothegruarantieneshis great coll,;y—not of stepsupport auicciat whose will is law, or under the Constltntlonin ef-Mr. BaisTOW remarked that the resolution sim- forts to defeat of the Hoboken and citizens wereject alwavs to the Cunstitiuioa of the United oKeial oaths, and according to their own convictions. States? Mr. Doouttls tlien referred to theone, and least of all, a Senator from the Slate of Georgia. The Supreme Court of Georgia, as late as I8d4, not six months before the decision of the Su- preme Court ofIt was as follows:The bill to regulate the fisheries in New-York Bay was lost in the Senate.tfler an effort to take up the Hoboken Railroad bUlCeiaraeree of Baltimore. BALnaoEE, Friday, Feb. 24.It needs none and no Senator has a right to demand character ;Resolved, That W. W. Seaios, of the finn of Gales & SxAToM, be appointed Printer for the Thirty-sixth Congress.of the of capitalit is a mere The Con- nullity.of the town north of Main- adherence, with a force of 40,000 men, and the openedsubject onlyHold a Inman prison under the authority of mitted theSpain,agreedthe United Slates when tbe Constitution, the source of allauthoriiy,forbidsit? GotellthepeopleofGeorgia that her Senator contends that a law of Congress can give to a United States District Court competent jurls- olction over a subject matter which the ConstitutionbyMessrs. Hotrsioir, DAvinsos and Bbascb objected towith avengeancenot under the ConstitutionGovernments tional Centralof the address of the Na- Union Committee so far as it recom-to the NationalThat is higher-law doctrine forthey'.itself forblos youralitydinia,IapprovingATbe Courts, then, are above andthisdoctrineto a suppose Congress, under the gen- eral welfare doctrine, should enact a law and conferMr. Matraes, of Tennessee,building andbywbich the necessary details forandgeneral original jurisdiction of all suits of law or In(American,) acknowledgingChablais and Faucigny under Saiss military oceapa-practical test,leave to offer a preamblemends the Conventionof the address of the National Committee, The Convention is still debating the reports. Thereequity, and between citizens of the same State ;one an-adoptionandag"reedcitizen of a State commences an actionof the House beand to this end that the pastors of the several church-on.It is now stated in guieral terms," the letter con-tinues, " that Sardinia has agreed to cede Savoy toother for slander in the United States District Court ;a trial Is had, judgment rendered, the defendant ar-actionCBABLI8T0N AND TBI DEMOCRATIC HATIOHAL COH- TIKTION.he is held is a pullily, is inccnslituli.tDal, il Is u;.on a siili-;well attended, and that it was unanimously resolvedthat. In their opinion, It Is right and proper for SouthCarolina to be repre.'^ented in the Cnarieston Con- $16,000 and Insurea in Pittsburgh for $10,000. vention. ,\ State Convention will be held at Cotum.bia to nominate delegates.SavoyTssolution requesting the President to call out the re- ject matter whl'-h ihe Conslim'ion it«elf fxprcssiy Mr. Bullforbids, and therefore the <:oiirt which rendered .Mr. Clossbrcnnergiment of Texas Volnnteers, authorized by the act of the had no iiad no au- Mr. Mitchell judgment jurisdiction,Froin Kaaeas.VETO OF THE ACT AUOLISHIMJ SLAVERY.IBringasked the Indebt- edness of Divine Providence for our iimumerable blessings, and concluding with a resolution that theplacingrested upon the execution ; upon a petition to therBOC££DING8 OF CONGRESS. S'ate Conrt fnra Aa6''ascorpi«, the petitioner com- Mr. CcRTis, of Iowa, (Rep.,) and others objected toSENATE.Wasbwoios, Friday, Feb. 24.» Mr. WiarAU., of Texas, <Dem.,) introduced aj'.iotany legal cause. The return on Its; faVe shows that he is held under Ihe preiended authority of the Courtnf the United Slates. The answer of the peti- tioner at once is, that the law miller whichHouse, proceed-191 9«; (,1 oj !!.'.'!!.;.' !.>CHAELEST09, Friday, Feb. 24.Mr. Stokis, of Termessee, (Ain.,) voted for .Mr. the Rio Grande from its mouth to one on the constitutionality of the law, and declare the WATTiBSTOIt. Mr. AnaAiK, of New-Jersey, (AntiLe-(Jov. Mei'AKVh:i.'^ VLt"i''J the bill abolishing' dangeroiisCourt hao no jurisdiction? Without jurisdiction incorap.of Illinois, (Rep.,) forand Mr. Faesswoeiu, Pakobobk.has taken the bill up again and will probably pass it over ills veto.the Court there could be no judgmentceeding is Coram non jutttce. It is begging the wholeMr. FtTzpATXicx, of Alabama, (Dem.,) presentedthe petition of Caslos BcTtsariiLD, for a contract tocarrymailsfromNew-OrleanstoceriainMexican worldstandsuponanelephnnt,theelephantona TEBSToif,ofTennessee,andwishedtosayafewwordsIbe treaties of Paris and Vienna;we tn the in- liopa,question:reasoningDischargeofttae lUassachasetu Llqaorterestsof tos«e humanity,many more,oaitainlyinacircle, itislike the sayingandAge24n.t. itisnotforusin1860tooloudlytocallfortheaH>ll- BosTOH, Friday, Feb. cation of those principles which guided t^ H<4y Al- In the Superior Court to-day Georgi P. Born- liance. The absolute iudependenee ,of Switaeriandgia, and there would be no constitutional limit upon Windom his power—whether constitutional or unconstitu- Mr.tional, whether within or without the authority of the JI r. Watterstonareto, the liberation of Italy, might in some possible con- tingency once more direct the foreign lelations of Frar.ee, it behoves Europe to take the strongest pos-prisoner, wnether in the State Prison or at the foot of the gal-the Supreme Court of Wisconsin for construing ttie shall be deprived of his liberty but by due pro- ply made a nomination. "Newarkand the House adjourned.bill wastakento theagainst the annexation ot Savoy to Frv^e has beenGeorgia coequal Supreme Court of the United Inferior and subordinate to thatfthe delegated powers, In cioUune mere Commissioners withAtchibos,The last rail on the Atchison and St.StatesCoBitCourtJe supremethe United Sutes Court i, supreme and also,1S5 93week, 11,000:assertions our q'lielthatas tobalesreceipts of the week, 16,000 bales."'SlSSVas thoseremain^ ^*^^J" and proad populationreserved powers, the Stato;bales;powers of both Courts, in theanm, 'are equally supreme,' and that as a con-J* "J;language sequence the Supreme Court of the Dnlted States hasonIk. :,.h^ „fVhe»e falsehoodsno iurisdicrion over the Supremeand eannof, therefore, give it aa order, or make for;tt a preeedent." Wisconsin has nerershe has never yet denied the apt>ellate dletiOB of the Supreme Court, In cases acknowledgedJustices3d Wisconsin Report, pp. 79, 80, 71, 82dispatches from Gen. Hacsrox regarling af-lengthHe;;NecessaryMr. BallMr. Glossbrenner.MrSsaton 'o(These were votes of the Southern Opposition and some Democrats.)Feb. 22.sales ^_^^^_ r^^^y, f^, ^news prices easier, but quotations unchangedboth delegated and clalmlDg to be a free reserved, the concurrentrunning time to St Louis wUl be 17 hours.Tbe Rla Grande. Nxw-Oblsahs, Thursday, Feb. 23.Gen. Forbes Beattos, of the Texaa Senate,SIoBiiE, Wednesday,it to make itselfgona to thatUntitled Documentbearer offairs on the Rio Grande, has arrived here, and le.ves to-morrow for Washington,CHAjiLEBtoit, Friday, Feb. 24. CoTTOH—Sales to-day, 4,400 bales, the marketclosing with a declining tendency.corpusup' tae treaties of Paris and Vienna—but of restoring;the whole pro-Mr.Mr. Stokxs placed In nomination Haktet M. Wat-in favor of him.Mr. Davidsow, of Louisiana, (Dem.,) objected.Mr. Stokxs said Mr. Wattebstok was a good Dem-tered by AsBEiw jAcisoa, was, t!iat when he swore lows Where are we?—in the United States of Mr. Stahtoh, of Ohio, (Rep.,) submitted that this ernor to become a law.The Ilnalan Islands.NLW-OtaiANa, Thuis'lay, Feb. 23. Fracce to her proper position among the lawgMng'to the Constitution, he swore to supj.ort it as America, or at St. Petersburg, under the power of-anae understood it. I shall make no apoiogy to-Jay for of the United States, whichConstitution of the United States, as u[>on their cess of law, which law must itself be sub- Cries Let it be read for information."nations of Eurojie." ,Protest of the Saroyarda.of Ihe Supreme Court of Wisconsin, the Judpes of which were chosen before the organizationleading menDuring nearly the last six months some individualsof the and Republican Party,Exports of the week Imports of the weekSailing$63,403 ^18,144of the Bohemian. Poetlasd, Friday, Feb. '24.paid an elo(|uent tribute Ihe w,orth, piobity, and high judicial character ofcon.iromiseJ on It the order of the day for Tuesday afternoon^^^^^^CBAnnr, Feb. 7, i860.JusticeJL?nip f- WuiTos. deceasedmaking next.referredin Ihe totheopln- cases of Ablcma::. Booth, and llrcaApr. Intoinird Wisconsin He Reports.aA?;" *'?'''''''"ut of the rescue of a fugitive fromB?oiOlT«B _ '^J?"was discharged on writ of habeasspectable signattues, have formed the plot to maketo legislalothatbales.;i^ltions. It has ende.voredagainstdally sessionopened with prayer,plains that he is restrained of his iibertv without the resolution as out of order.The House after a call of the then,ed to vote for a Printer. Whole number of votes Necessary to a choiceThe steamer E. A. Ogden sunk in the Missouri, same instrument by which the cession of Savey to Saidlnia Is recorded contains the declaratioa bv the The Courier says the meeting last niglit was six mUes above Jefferson, on Wednesday. The boat great Fovv era of Europe that, in the eveatofwar.her considerably damaged.LtAV^NWoiiTH, Fiiday, Feb. 24.in il>eir, and opposed to the general weal, but eaiiuot be regarded as an offence against ti^ pub- exe;iiiiti:jg Slavery In the I'errilory f'f ivansas. The l.egislat'ire lic law of Europe. We have recently seen and wel-declares that no personthe taking upmaking energetic preparations the cession of the island to Honduras.tSresistgavef°' "'hlch Boora was arrested byhearing, corvus, on e the warrant on Its face didbecause the „i!^i,.'„J**' repugnant to the Constitution,You have a withdrew theMarkets COTTON—Sales to-day 2,«)00Alpes, organ, has, since, never iMommout adhesion of Savoyjudicial person inhabitant of Wisconsin, and of Ham- becauwthe Constitution gives Congress no powerWhole numberweekCotton stiffer, but quotations unchangedmoiSSS'^^th^Tari^'^rerhrSroughthe officious aecom-Sfce o^suppo^ ?».d nSbltc optnSnS^i"o%\'^h'^fe^fsa-rj'-"''as to^wers, powers,a denying jurytrial to ato a choice;raige,subject. Afterward Boora ^TDSisVtr?ict.^'*^'"""ted, and convicted in the Court, but discharged on a hear-to-day 3,000 Cotton quietto astray, and to deceive Europe by""".,.Court of Georgia ing before a full bench of the Supreme Courtthe Europe's to-dav, 3,000 bales.had no ef-from the I opinions,also, 6«, 88 continued, question his opinions ifyou will, confute them If you can; but where, Ihistory of theThe Bohemian, which sails to-morrow, will call at Cape Sable on her passage out.read Csawposd and WaiTonfect;sales;Mr. Mitchell Scattering1« 3;ask. Is any evidence to be found in the opinions, ofI.ater from California. POLITICAL XOTIIIKHTS — OraUTIOKS IK THB Wins—COMllKECtAL IHTSLLIOnOS—XIBCKL-UnoDB ITXXS.bad faith, or raising"in office, of official perju- his " blood-stained bands over a vio-that they were to objecteaions toablethe Senate andthe cotrntry as opinionsofThebecoming a State. Specimens of silver ore from the herself, and to be true to her convictions, should be to the power of the Supreme Court, led At present he would merely say that these resolutions arepresentatives from those States who have taught was not a strict party question withno view of its ever "degreeuprightnesscorruptionin consequence of his ab- sence. HenowwishedtoaskMr.DAvmsoatowith- draw his objectlOD and allow the resolutions to come In. He wished to make explanations In relation toJudges, thoughtfuland eamonmen, granpllngWMmtareir, Fitter, Feb. M. goos faith of the action of the sovereignties of Geor- Court of Wlsconaln. Mr. Wbbstss also laslntalned on PobUc Lands to Inqolre into the oaoses of the gia. 1 do not indulge, either as a matter of taste or the same opinion, that it belonged to the States andWashingtonpool «•< Halifax, arrived at Bosbmat T tftto*per the steamer of the 6(h Instflemtor 6«nir tritl be lea^ to report to the mcUnatlon, in Impugning the motives of men in high not to Congress to legislate oo the subject. Such, great delay In Issuing Land patents, and report saeh Hon. Zabock PaAn left on the 3d per Overland City last evening.VEBXertml Caneni tOHnorrew, and )>« thinks the reso- official station, acting on the soiemnitv of their oaths. also, he tuKlerstood tehave beea the opmlon of Mr. The motto of Old England has too much truth and CAiaoun and Judge BurLia of South Carolina, aameasures as may be necessary as a remedy.were unfounded in factThere were no further proceedings relative to thestage to St Louis.Thesailed from Liverpool at 11 A. M.tatloBsas modified bytlic 8ab-Comminee, wUI bar- ilgnifidaiice for roe to do so either in public or to the original qoestloD(Rep.) suggestedThe Board ofSaperrlsoraof San Fraaciaeo hadand soch, it seemed to him, besides. Sir, having been reared most be the true oonstrtictim of all persons, brought in the Republican school of Jarraaso!! and up in the school of sturdy old RepobUcsnlsm. Jackbof, and maintaining, as I now do, every princi- A large majority of the Republicans of Wisconsin;modified, h%Te not•ram aeenb; bat the iny Sob-Committee. The Senat- ple taught In that school, and which, I believe, are approved the decision of the Court Many Demo- the Committee of Arrangements for the Inaugura- from Sacramento to San Francisco.Bintiri the entire Ilemoeratic Fentiment of the Sen-private life ;ground, and erect thereon a State-House worth (160,000, provided the seat of Government will be removedand touched at tjueenstown on the rived here last night.in Wlscoiuin.Wisconsin, one of the youngest sisters," to think for doctrine of the Senator from Georgia as bnt would at another time notice these resolutions.amongthelasttocensureorcondenmher. Icome now TO the cnnslderatinn of tbe precise point at Issue bttwff n tbe Senator (Tooubs) and myself, ai It stands upon tbe record, and as made up by himself. When 1 first moved the postponement of this subject, the issue stood in these words on the record, and as I un-derstood itDooLiTTLi—The assnm ption of the Senator from Geor-absolutism and:Company, owning a silver mine init, toSanFranciscoleml-weekly,andalsofromthe DooLiTTLi—Ifthelawisnnconstitutional,thewhole solidationofFederalpower. TheSupremeCourt House.muchspeculationinalltheWashoemines,whilethe TheParisyioniteurannouncesthattheEi^afHinlssippi, or Missouri River, to San Francisco. The•bjeet is to ascertain the comparative cost for thewhole mail by overland and by sea, with a view toakolishlngthelatterservice. ThesameCommitteekave referred the several Pacific railroad bills to Mr. gia corrected the record, and the issue was restatedMr. UoPhibsok, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) delivered his views on political subjects— speaking of the Dem-cold weather prevents working them. Sardinia, wishing to acknowledge the services of thewho will repoit io favor of one central route eastward to Fort Kearney, and thence with three kraaches, one towards the lakes, one through St. Joseph, and the third to connect w4th the Missouri Paelficroad.lu these words:Toombs—Whether or not the lawwaa constitational,pris- party against which Jirrsisos uttered his loudest ocers, within a few months in Mendocino and tneGmua,thiued (o claimthuiiders. He quoted Jxpfbbsos'b opinion of the Su- in order that miserable party purposes might northwest portion of the State. Not a Ranger has said, tells his friends that Lord Johv Russauproceeding in the District Conit of Wlssonsin la a nnl-The President's Annual Message was taken up.TooMBF—Yes, Sir.Late reports from Fuesno River, in British Colum- French inbia, say that rich and extensive diggings have been armydiscovered there. The gold is coarse, and is found on had placed at the disposal of the Preach (Sow^nsat the flats and In guile) s. 780 crosses or Santo Manrlzio Lazzaro theaBUMTIfODLi-TTLS—But if your law Is constitutional, then the proceeding of the Conrt of Wisconsin was wrong.the cause of Italian IndepeDdeaeeToombs—I have nothing to say to thai now."The next morning, however, the Senator from Geor-ocratic Party as a mere machine to be handledagainstthe proct eding of the Slate Court of Wisconsin I hold tobe wrong. That did not depend upon Che question whether the Fugitive Slave law was constitutional or pingbe It was true that the North- promoted.is the tendency of the judicial authority to usurp legislative He quoted from Mr. Bccbahaji that thegreatI shall not go into the discussion of this not be respected, and are binding upon nobody. When have rebuked the secessionDooLlTTLZ—question now, as 1 proto^e to discuss that point on a fu-a State and tne Uidted States differ, there is no com-spirit,at the South as well as in the North. He reviewedof candidates voted for by the Democratsto $10U.The principal portion of Forbestown, in ButteCounty, was burned on the 28th ult Loss $20 000. The second session of the Pacific Railroad Con-be laid before Parliament.In all tbe churches of Paris the;sircplysay.Ifis unconstitu-priests, by otder Ofbutmon umpire but the people. He beheld a call- partyture occasionfrom Georgia admits the law oftional, the District Court has DO jarisdictioa unaer it,desire to Congressthe Senatorhave jnrii^diction ur.deran nnconstitutional law, is, in myjudgment, preposterous.Mr. Toombs got tne floor. Adjourned till Monday.to promote the organization of the House, and ccmpleled over the Mokoluna River at Poverty Bar.assigned the reasons why he voted for Mr.the Church is now exposed.The MoniteuT contains numerousconstitutional, the conclusion at which they arrive follows Irresistibly that a person arrested under it would be imprisoned under the authority of the United States, and a State Courl on a habeas corpus must re-notconstitutional,apersonarrestedunderitwould andSuteofNew-York,tovisittheCapitaloftheInally revised and corrected the speech he is to make be Imprisoocd without autho Ity of ihe United States, nation, as guests of the National Legislature, for the inexpedient, that it was unconstitutional, and thateotmtrybuyers stili more cautious.From Another Oorrespondent. WiSHrasTOH, Friday, Feb. 21.of on the last Washington,on Wednetday next.He will repeat the irrepressible conflict in a modi-and. Whereas, In pursuance of such Invitation, and to•e<t formwillthe admission of Kansas as ne-the Seventh of about Regiment, consisting—What is the iysue on the hearing of a habeas corpuscase? The jurisdiction of the Court in such a case prove to the country their fraternal and union lovingcentury 1813, when, tbe Congress of Vienna, it was leid down as a principle by theurgeIs not not for review not to reverseprinciples,the seven hundred of the citizens of New-suming that peaceable admission will settle thehe will endeavor to attract attention to other and equally important issues.He will aim to impress upon the country the con-into the cause of the imprisonment of a citizen, and,ifillegal,to him. Theveryessenceofthe dischargeA LCMBEH-TARD—Taoi, Friday, Feb. 24—10 P. M. aA lire is now raging in the lumber-yard ofSlavery agitation,issue Is his is.efcarged has no real foundation.While he will condetrm Jona Bbowk's raid, he willare inquiied into uoon cUons for falsearrangementsconsequently the members of this House could notmajoritypublicimp) isofiment legal or illegal? with orwithout law? That is the question. Letus for once received by the President of the United States, the VIEGISIAK OPPOSITIOShe Commissioners represented that the arrangeoieBtaservative character of the Rtipublican organization, case is a collateral suit In which the pro- ceedings and judgments of other Courts are in-BIKUSCtATIOMOP THE EEPCBLICAX PABTV.Smitb &.CBA1G, in West Troy. Over a dozen piles of under the first of Paris did treatylumber are burning, but it is hoped that the spread of the flames has been checked. The loss must be atnot gain those emlsmand him into for be would be under custody,andinvited,in the nameofthisHouse, themerce. He proceeded to answer the President's ob-Arrived, ships Panther from Roston, and Eagle from New-York.]and the State Court on a habeas corpus must dis- purpose of taking part In those ceremonestoimage duties may be resorted to for this purpose. The Committee rose. Adjourned till Monday.NEWS BY TELEGRAPE Political lutelligence.Crushed Sugar, 12c. a 14c.Df mtstic Spirits drooping.There is no other in the markets.a long letter which is honored with official type.* The writer sketches the history of the territory from the sixteenth to atcharge him, because he Is under no legal restraintchangeTbe Overlano Mail, with St Louis dates of the 9:h,arrived to-day. hrinaiiig St L:)uis dates of the 13th, by telegraph to Malloy's Station.Firee.,;York, com- soldiers of that State, or of this or any other nation,Powers thatRepublic was a European necessity, and that la thattake tbe npRro out of the question, and forget that slaves or Slavery ever existed. .V habeas corpus— RicBMOHD, Friday, Feb. 24.questionofand,and to show that the sectionalism with which it is i|U!red into just to the same extent as they been advised of the of;ot in suits upon a judgment. To lest the position as-sumedthe he"by Senator, says, Concede tne FugitiveSlave Law to be unconstitutional, and still the Dis-Oppositionreport;cluded in the neutralityImprisoBmentde- least $8,000 insured In the anding itself Democratic, in face of its own platform, now bowing down to worship at the feet of an imperialthefor Speaker, with a view to show that the principlesamined. The Pension and Military Academy Appro- and the proposition which the gentleman sobmits, and Court, and which had asserted this new doctrine of of that party could not be ascertained 'rom their vention would be held at Sacramento, commencing ter from the Pope. The Archbishop has also ariaredthe distinction which he makes, that a law can be un- of judicial InfaUibilityon the 6'.h. to be offered public prayerswere strictly fo^owed.ta, JoBSSoa and Ruaous a Board to test Masti.i's In ihe discussion of which passion and declamation On motion of Mr. PiyiON, of Kentucky, (Dem.,) policy so vitally important to Pennsylvania, and Two Overland mails were overdue with St. Louis and private soldiers.cmUnnous primer. The trial takes place to-morrow. are of no avail. It is aquestion of more consequence the Committee on Publicwhlcb, if adopted, would promote the prosperity of dates of Jan. 9 and 12. The unusual detention isOfficial dispatches from Utah report great destruc- tion of stock by the cold weather. Capt. Hoopia, the Konnon delegate to Congress, loet upwards of 1,000 head.than the Slavery question, and can be discussed en- tirely free from aU the excitements surrounding that queslioD. The question Is of the jurisdiction or au- thority conferred on the District Court of the United S'atesLands were instructed to Inquire into the expediency of reporting a blU author-all the States. They were Union and Constitutionattiibutea to heavy rains and high water.Arrived at San Francisco, Jan. 31, ship JSalan,ter of Marine to all dischargeseamen who havean unconstitutional law. tleman for thus restating the issueI thank thehe concedes. Inand would with life their devotion to tbebyThere was no in the extent of busi- improvementadvocacy of Free Trade.my judgment, the very ground on which the Supremedepart- ments public attention being almost exclusively en-The maiden speech of Mr. McPaiasoH, to-dav, inCommittee of the Whole on the State of the Union, 21 Howard. [Mr. D. read extract] Upon the fered by Mr. CAXTta, of New-York, (Rep.of on the soil of which there is Pennsylvania,anxious to realize. Peovisioss were but mos'.ly firm,— inwas one of great ability. Mr. HcFHaBsOH is bcrtof the editorial fraternity.this wbich had a tendency to make further decline In the Paris markets. fortnighta mem- Q.refir-ed Scgabs were both weaker;crushed 12?ic.:such Thegen-yield onlyUnion. He spoke of the patriotism, industry and ness. The wiihdrawal of buyers made holders more Trade was dull both In Paris and in tbeHOUSE OF REPRESENTATXYES. WAaanranm, Friday, Feb. 24.nounces that 2.000 military medals have been gi aalei.theland warrants where the original has been lost, underasregulations he may prescribe.izingSecretaryof theInterior to issue duplicatespirit or letter of the great Charter of our Liberties,Meitiosuhmiep.Princess,Callao3l6t, British;rules andfollowing preamble and rceolotions were of- :)powerno secessionist.ments for, and to take control in the ceremonies at- tending tbe inauguration of tbe equestrian statue ofMr. SPADLniKG, of New-York, (Dem.,) spoke in opposition to the President's veto of the St Clair Fiats bill, which he regarded as a direct blow at com-The following is by telegraph to FresnoSas Feascisco, Wednesday, Feo. 4—2 P. M.ANNEXATION OP 8ATOT.TheCessionKepanedta hSTebeenin theaimlversary of the birthday of the Father of his Coun-Washisotos,CitylegalIt is understood that Senator Seward has restraint. To take the other assumption, that It is Seventh Regiment of the citizen soldiery of the City jections that the improvement was imnecessary and Biislnessis very quiet Money not easy.try,arrived in this, the city to which WAfleuroTONview it was boundary.to a give herofphysical geography. Tbe Genevesegave his name, without being cordially, or even formallySTATE COSVKSTION—THELOSS, $8,000.important In fact, thestrongaatnralHeads of any of the Departments, or even by the Com- mitteeofArrangementsofthis House,orthatoftheSenateWhsreas, no considerable number of this body hadyCNCTIOSS OF THE GENIKAL GOTKKSMKNT;have such a result anticipatedtherefore, be It Resolved, By the House of Representatives of the Thiny-sixth Congress, that we convey through our;fii-e o'clock, and was ihe work of an incendiary.;their Committee,Aof the busint-ss Committeeto-daysovereign- Switzerland, aad accom-andAtlanticCompanies. Thebtorks and dwilling-bocsbs in daksville cede nor exchange these possessions, and negotia-The Speaker replied No.Mr. SioTa—Then I object.The SFZAxaa said the only question before theto saidwas eminently their due, and in consideration of thehigh appreciation and admiration of this body for thesoldierly skill, discipline, and patriotism exhibited by prosperity of the States, and that the General Govern- the the said Seventh Regiment, on the aimlversary of thebirthday of the Father of his Country, at the nationalRegimenttheit to be thethe Federal Government to promote the interest andment has nothat the Navajos have at last conuneoced a decisive which breathes into it tbe breath of life ; every law is In the City of Washington, on the 22d day of Febru- Slavery in the Territories ; condemning the reopen- the losers are not yet received. ;The Journal news- taken up, and by a treaty signed on the 20Ui Novem-;of thisbe engrossed by the Clerk of the House, and trans-of theIn the cant it hasphrase, Resolved, That astatue ofinaugurationequestrianWashisgtoh,mentthe reception of the preamble and resolutions, sayingto Sardinia, and the article of March *'cast an imputation on the might be true or false.Committee,whiches be invited to perform the soleom duty.France-whether a whole or a part or under what CincmsATi, Friday, Feb. 24. conditions, does not appear. It is obvious that theDem.,) for Mr. Wisdomgooc's Importedportscomed many great and Important European changes in ibat territorial adjustment that took place uaderThe Chaie—Mr. SioxESThe House voted.Telegraph. Chaelestos, Thursday,-Boston, Friday, Feb. 24.;Convention nomi- Mr. ToMPEisB, of Ohio, (Rep.,) nominated EnwASn acclamatiun. The Convention has adjourned sine die.was a question of privilege. was The whole afternoon of yesterdayAdvices from Kuatan are to the I4th iust. Thebeadopted.Mr. BococK, who temporarily occupied the Speak-er's chair, declared the resolution to be inconsistent with the order to vote tiva voce.Mr. Beistow then nominated .Mr. Sbatok.right to do so.name o(OB its both second reading,Mr, Stanton hoped the resolution wouldparliesMr. 8miu>, of Ohio,screw-steam&ip Vigo, Capt JiUAia, lAkh on the 8th 'Trtint.that the Committees be called for the reception of Privatefauwdegres.always lean to the prerogative of power, and election of Printer.contrasted the difierence between the views of JudgeMarshall, as a member of the Constitutional Con-vention, and as Chief Justice of the United States.Be also contrasted Judge Ta«it, as Secretary underJacxsox, sustaining him in his position that he should Pension Appropriation bills were taken up, and Carson Valley, or Washoe Mine, have sold shares toThe House went into Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union.Cruz County, are on the way to San Francisco for. assay.On moUoai of Mr. SnaMAH, the West Point andvarietythe Archbishop of Paris, read the last let- encyclicalrespecting men,who would do nothing to violate theWetTcoMB, New-YorkdoiL Sailed 30th.ship Locket,;British ship Eliza, from Lon-served three > ears.A new journal has appeared in Paris devoted to CheCourt of the Tnited States based their decision inassumption taken by the United States Su- Whereas, It is now understood that the Committee trample under foot all men and factions calculated Pio lso5 very slow at $32. Money B::atce from the forms. Flour and wheat had both undergone aShe would frown on disunion and pieme Court, that the Fugitive Slave Law is of this House, which was appointed to make arrange- to impair the free institutions under which we live.sales could not be forced at last figures. R^w andgagedconsidering the projected comtxbercial re-submitted to theConvention aLiverpoolof paoied the details necessaryto Interfere withStates ; reiterating the Compromise of 1830 relative toetcGovernment expendituresof tbe Congress of Vienna, by wliicb, in the event of war," those portions of Sardinian Savoy called Chablais arid Faucigny were declared to participate In the neut- ef Switzerland, was confirmed. A treaty was entered into in 1818 between Switzerland and Sar-;advocating29, 1843,Republican Party;;frame by lEA Taipp,onsending atdelegatesliquor-store, took fire about midnight, and $3,0U0, viz.: Home, $1,000; Metropolitan, $1,000,Charter Oak $1,000.^lioaa of the Steamboat E. A. Ogden.tion in the of war, for vrithdzawina theis no probability of anyto-idghtThe LrL'i^l;itiirc h.is[las.scda billthe recognizing the duty and obliga-denouncingtions of this country in its intercourse with foreignthis afternoon.LossA LIQUOB STOKX.SoBASTOH, Penn., Friday, Feb. 24.owned S. P. Roach as aof the Baltimore,into Suutliernwhen sold in Alabama. It has also passed a bill pro-viding for a Convention to reform the Slate Constitu- tion.NORTH CABOLIKA OPPOSITION CON ViSTIOK. PxTBBSBnsGH, Va,, Friday. Feb. 24.18> The Democratic Slate Convention met at Dps95 MolLcs on the 22d, for the purpose of selecting dele- TS89 gates to Charleston. A. €. Dodoe, Bxx. .M. Samuels,Thewas from dischargedis, of course, to be maintained, but isdangered ? If France takes Savoy, doesalse not tMke;$25,o00.CHAKLkSlON DKLIGATK8 FROM IOWA.BuBuaoTos, Friday, Feo. 24.called up.Ncw-JeneyRailroad bill. TheEagUsb peopleand the recommendingbuild-eventualitySardinian troops, and for settling a well deaaed boundary to the neutral portion of the tenitaiy, wereNorth Carolinanated Jou5 Poole, of Pasquolauk, for Governor, by custody on liisfinallyup,Tbe following appealreceived from ChamDery. It is sign^ by a4 ef thespentspeech,NewAlmaden had welded mines,now asserted the legality of Slavery in the Terri-tories, and the next plank added to the Democraticplatform would be me declaration at Charleston ofthe infallibility of the Supreme Court In the head-strong zeal pursued by the other party to forceSlavery into the Territories they had ceased the people. In reviewing the praceedings during theto be Republicans, and become advocates of contest for Speaker, he said mischievous and incen- ed Rangers, numhering tnenty men, had Mlled about The annexation of and Nice to Praasethe most Federal doctrine of the old Federal two hundred Indians and taken as more diary speeches were made by Southern Democrats, manySavoyattention. Count WALxwsai, It ispreme Court, In which he held that It sought by sap-been killed. The Company has done this Indian lesented the effect of histo subvert the Constitution and western and Northernandana in any event, the District Cnnrt of the United press us into one consolidated government. The even declared, did not sign the pledge of or Feceral (Sovemmentmining,Democrats,astheyhadhunting voluntarily without authority fro oi the StateTheyBlackoffered to donate to the State a of squareflasks of silver wiihio six months. Other mines of the kind to be opened soon, to that the recent deficiency intbe quicksilver product will not long contiaue.Two tons of silver ore, from the new mine in-SantaThe Nevadaseven different for and still parties $67,000 each,three-quarters or the mine are unsold. There isIt Is stated that Capt, Jasboe's company of Mount- order of and Savoy—8,000 medals for military valar.mteep- comrannicatlon to IxrdCowLxr, and that, far from denying tbehe frequently told the English Ambassador that in a given case France must have Savoy.Theratificationsofthecommercialtreatybiwaeu France and England were exchanged at Paris on Ikepeopleand this is the case was a great decline, the price previously bekig $50 mulgated till the 10th instant, when the budget w^toThe of treasure shipment Mondaywillbefair.A correspondent of the London Timet, sigiunghimself"A ontheVoyageur," writes, **above sahject,Dansville, compact portionWednesday, destroyedallis a total losswhich was valuable, was The boat was valued atis neutraU So as 18M theprin- latelylate StateLiquor Agent,own personal recognizance to appearFrankliu-avenue, occupied bytheing and stock were totally destroyed. Insured forcargo,Northernciple of neutrality has been carried out As between Switzerland and Sardinia, tbe ces..lon or allnnatlna of Ibis particular territory is clearly forbidden by theof Turin but iliat treaty can only bind the Treaty ;parlies to it ; any cession by Sardinia to France of territory restored to her un Jer ibe treaties of ISla may:London, broke out at 7byGovernmenttoPiedmonteae othotn•n n >^t.i worn.Royal steamship Sttnyc, Acift. Xjmt'yaa- terday morning. Her malls woia racaiv«4 la -thtaThe screw-steamer John Bell, fromthe FrenchOrders have been received at Brest from the lliais-greatthefabsolute neutrality of the€wlssquestionSavoy,says,isthey therefore proposed that subject to thety of Sardinia, Chablias and Faucigoy should be in-Prussia, Russia,Paris had been retained bv France, should be restoredbe*'onrrarypoliey Napoleon III, to take the same view of the position a well known Merchant of France vis-avis Europe that we took in 1814 and 1815. Nevertheless, as under other dynasties, Che pol- icy of France may change, and as the Booaaos andFrom Pike's Peak.Atchison, K.T., Friday, Feb. 24.opposedexpressand SaltLake mailandthose is beyond doubt, wllljlvoSavoy SAVOY TO TBI xaQuaB nonz.of Savoy, whose petttlons, earried from housecarry out this plan by:«•- ;juris-also, l75-<!-7-8.Mr. Keitt, of South Carolina, (Dem.,) said he un- derstcod certain resolutions were offered this morn-umThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comstration was made a,ChamDery,•-f 