 .mm .wmF^Wfifmbl1^«Fvk-KV,Spne*Ml Biment recently made In an Influential Paris jour-The eriin, con. case of Brown •«. Davison, DIsnnion leaders to override the will— nal that a prolonged occupation of the coun- indiridual seems to hare indnlged in before he,MW-T8M ratsu <y"^}'^^^rji^^y adversely to the claim* of the differentof salary under the act of April 16, 1852. The it is to be allowed. The Convention is—.-:-/!-.iwijrMMieoiMwuatiwi. Thajudgment was for defendants on demurrer to com- abesecured. Wey ^^--imMiif-T-'-ii'-"r'~",.., 1^' ' ^ Tka TIm— tut CaUDMvla.tn Tom TCB.GAliBroBau, detigiMd for ciicu-trast, then,thatthisoccupvor was not an as well as a fiddler incendiaryiJill>llHlSWll?llT--'-° fM,lllM<rik»)l*«'T«*s TBoa. W«w-Toik 0it7.beencmshed.The City Fmds.Cesar first set fire to his capital and thenI Ipftimnrlri CiHiwnli, Oregon, Waib- MnaMaadtb* SaMirliaL isUnd*. I oompleto O^est of AnMilcui KreatsIn^heni<jiililiIBmope dnitDg the put ten ilar«, will be^•dnesdar). Hosraia, In ample time andwholecountry by a graceful little excursion^tluidl steamship wbich caiU for A^- l at 13 M. The Mall closes at the I>ost-office at HA. K. Price of tte paper, in a (tout wTapi>er, reali' (gr mailing, 5 cents a eopy. Agents wiHMod ta flwir ocdan as early as poasibla.1BL0*aUtPJCN-Knto L»A».liABBA KXSKE'8 IHEATBE—PnBia abb Fahct— TwiiMAyAmaa.WnraJB CAKDIli—Thi Ho&->tiioob—Sihpmh h Co. WiuiuXW TBXATU—Tbe Bitus-Cool la a Cu-maricets the action yesterday,followingCity funds, thereon bypaidBf^RKTTHEATRE — Tbs SoAnoLD Ain> tkiakb Oason—Biacx-iiib SoiAii. OTBBT THKA.TSE—SrAU>isa ft Koalas' Ciaocs.BiBHVm IfCSKUM—Da7 and Srenliis—What ah? —lAaVO CHiLssia—Rosa EutaiuOOOUR' at OiLHPBELL'S. NIblo>t Saloon—BnnonAn Cm80B<IIV«/UJiEBT, No. 6» BroadirST—The " Cis-L%^AU.SBT, Xo. ira Braadway—AoAii am> t»—fa TaiiKAXioa txa tbi iurcuios.OAKAIrVIBKBT—No. 3«%-Wsino0K>s Taaa •alustOF THE DAY. 1|t|SWS ^A gUit BepoMicafl jubilee was held yesterdayat BipitiiilTiiTil. Ill, the home of Ur. Lihcoln. Itmsteewled primarily as a congrattilatory countyaMrtIm, but it unexpectedly assumed vast propor- tlMM^ •& ^iMs attended with demonstrations oflia gmteat significance. The town of Spring-direction, we are happy to say, was eminentlycharacteristic. SculptureandPaint-nnr —^-important ehange-s.—The 8ece.4sion IHoTement Feeling at the—South What Can be Done.Whatever mere partisan politicians mayno man can dismiss the seces- say, reflectingsion movement at the South as of trifling con-sequence. Inspiteofprejudice,allarecom-sections tlieir just and equal rights? Nobody has authority to give pledges on its behalf asmeasures of legislation, nor wouldhis control. The reference to the Comp-rVvaiaaniutheirattention, theseMiMtteaae enttuuiasm was displayed. The Wide- Atnfcas fonaed in procession, and procecd- ii^ l» tllllioaae of Kr. Liscour, he was forced towepublic We do not believe theare presumed to be its feet. It is a work of utility, too, as well as of grace, for it has been of great service in its time to the boys and*i(iis illuminated last night in the briiUant manner, and the most in-attemptofficialarrogant assumptionr befrae them and make a short address. The a*titoytodabearingupon the present agitation,wrong,conciliatory. A verbatim reportwne a]^ vpde at the Wigwam by Senator would assume theanticipated.failure,wemof tkcm win be found elsewhere. Speechesity. It can afford to waive many claims founded upon fears of aggression and of injury, since those fears have been dispelleddays previousbanking-house, but that such attempts were a memorial of the Father of his itjHt^ffnelyTMnonq^ DiaFlAlT and others. Mr. Tbckbull's^oedt, • synopsis of which we also give, was listenedto with the most eager curiosity, as it was cauaifnAtobeanexpositionofthe policywluchwouldBepublican States can af- ford to sweep from their statute-books what- ever is obnoxious to just censure in their Per- —now that the execution of the Fugitive Slave Law devolves uponbeinggentlemenlike Gen. Wasdinoton as it does likeelse. What they propose to do with it whenthe incoming Administration. Be-but the tiirowlif!rweightonthesideoftheUnion,and secessionfeelingseems,nevertheless,tohave tlins insnie, by- her example, tlie solitude df the thorough control of the public mind. In thispatcheswhich now reach us, Georgia is liAely to;and weto disunion, and resolutionsof a cODservative character were almost unan^ and ready to take the field in arms and putevery day overtaking commercial houses of the most solid and honorable repute. Highly as wehe public confidence too far if he expects it to .restsatisfiedwithhispersonalsecurity. The Special Committee of the Clearing-house re-of Engineers, there to gladden the hearts of all his friends in sacula saculorum.Inthiswaythe jesthetic gayetyofourbe- loved Booles and Van Tikes might really be made to subserve that good to which it is ourdecidedly opposedmay esteemthe CityChamberlain,taxestaliatory legialation ;a State- Convention.but all favored the calling ofmove-Another large was lield meetingthey represent.But all this is a matter for the future.monsly adopted.in Hancock County on Saturday, which nnani-Theymonaly' adopted resolutions declaring that themere election of Mr. Liscoln is no cause for dis-union, ^majority of counties in the State havelield in the disunion interest, of meetings manywhich, however, liavs taken a strongly conserva- tive caat, while some liave been in i^vor of re-—session of power nor is the South in a moodmore precarious. From Charleston, B.Union massmieetingshavethoseoeen neid in several counties in nrginia. Mean-time, owing to the interruption of business, thefinancial condition of the South is daily becomingwill not aid its opponents. They hold them- selves sullenly aloof, and frown upon any indi- cation of a purpose, on the part of the General Government, to enforce the Federal laws andbow to the and content ourselves pointment as Chamberlainand as to the man-;we learn ol a general suspension of business opera- tiona. The banks make no discounts and the plant- era nfiue to send forward their cotton. The seces-from the wreck whatever ofliberty and prosperity it can be made to yield. angrily refused to give the slightest informa- is an instance in point. It was circulatedC,with rescuingauthorities of the Bank peremptorily andiOB ccf, however, is cootinned. Mr. Kiitt made maintain the supremacy of the Constitutionem State. Whatever the legal powers of the Federal Government may be, they must derive all their practical efficiency from the consent-The Syrian Christians.Tlie accounts that reach us firom Syria re- to aggravate public suspicion ; and on this oc- papers yesterday, and yet it is pronouncedaothnr chaiacteristic liarangue lastoccadon of a serenade even to tiim at the Charles-in wiiich he was as fierce as ever inton(avorofdiatunon. FromRichmond,Va.,welearn of the anapension of ttie Fanners' Bank in thatHotel,nijg^t,present that the Christians of that country are casion, if never before, Alderman Booli will by the owners of the steamer to have been astill in the most deplorable state of suffering be supported by the opinion of the best classes fabrication from beginning to end. A largeof our citizens in the measures he is now tak-and destitution. Thanks to the efficiency of proportion of the telegraphic dispatches fromFrench intervention, they are no longer in ing to compel the Chamberlain to answer the South are of the same character, and sentplace, though with tlie iatenticn of soon resuming. ing sentiment of the people. The—Constitutionpreaent pressure. Our dispatches, correspondence and newspaper extracts this morning, bearing upon the fwecitt agitation, wiU be found imusually in- teie«fc».By Ibe steamabip GUugorc, which arrived atthis port yesterday, we receive Qneenstown papersof thftBtn, and obtain from tliem a &w items ofireah It ia said that tlie forces of jntelligeace. theItiathouglit the other Yirguiia Banks will alsosuspend as a measure of prudence during the arms the Government vfitii force but itall have so im- but the no questions in which the publicfor the same maliciousthfw^l^nS*H,*P- f ^«.Directorof»hem, and ofSaa FnBicisc)^ when the route 4hk^h th. ~i.purchased, and s now—mostStates, the Empire State of the mittee,3 «5"yTM«theGeoeqia. Mr.Stkpbxns, endeavors,appeal Syrians may be suppliedtorial been ^g«.'»8 hywiththe means-f '«f the lapse of timemeeting Mf Wade inimportantofallbeen Foreignof theAldermenappointedtoascertainwlieretheCUy apinictn,mostnotbeorenfated.aidcanpossiblysatethem.BTory sympathizer with the of ChristiansSyria will hail with satisfaction the announce-easytoconoeiTewhatkindofcltimsthosefunds are drooaited, and called attention to a tawInhere ia one moTementdicates real weakness, inrolTes a sabstantial peril. There is an attempt on the part of thebe on the attenti(m of an Ameriean Ad- ministration which eould aecare to a person capable of such indecent nUaoonduct as thislast Winter, which rnieals dw aet nnder , which the Conmdttee clahned tliat it ml^t com- pel the attendance of Mr. Platt.which, thongfaitin-mustpassedwhichfor the laat two days hasynonopoUzedthepopular —try was contemplated French b^theattention o#Jadge SHiniAR, who now presides inthe United Statea Oiicnit Court, rapidly approaches^tomit no real expression of their wishes, and noGoTern- ment. It is perfectly well known that the Ot-was summarily suppressed,theThe trialwa* not completed, and will be continuedthe same kind be in cisely will attemptedserenadedhimsdf during the conflagration;to-day, when also Enbiobt and Gordon, convict-— other Slatesbut not with the sameChamberlain Pun hasand we are at on tech- accordinglypelled to acknowledge that it is a great popu- resentment. It will believelisten to assuredly havingtopower compelthe at-lar movement,—impressive on account of its unanimity and evident sincerity, and important by reason of its bearing upon the destinies, social and political, of our common country. As we have more than once said, we are notnottiing, think of nottiing that is just or reasonable.— There is but one thing to be done that is—towait, waitforthesubsidenceofpassion,familiarwithaclearly enough that the political leaders of thething is wrong while if there be ;—South, especially those of the Breckinridgeany deficit, as suspected, in the public money, it becomesIt is indeed a of art at least in this triumphparty,thoroughly committed,respect,more than ever the duty of the Aldermanic tal it would bew^enpedes- standing on whatto case. Thus far neither of theseoutset.has ventured to take the field against the Disnn- ionisfs. Indeed, in several of the Southernanybodygoremgaidad in tins light, it was a most important ad-diBBS, and Mr. TatTMBTTLL seems to have been fully States their leaders have joined the ranks of men^ from whose reckless injustice |andBank, which was next tried, was only pre- also what disposition is to be made of the vSiled upon to accept the City account on the companion picture of Mr. Habbt Howaed, securities offered by the Artisans' Bank, to- which is about to be painted also by theiralire to the responsibilities of the occasion. The their antagonists, and become as clamorous subserviency to Slavery their own citizensthem. have nothing to fear. They can give new lines seem to be guarantees against the invasion of South-Soothwill find very little to cavil at in the senti- for secession as the foiemostamongwith the collateral of notes for securityrder and at our expense.ments ottered.Whetbn South Carolina, in case she should ac-tually wcede from the Union, will have the coun- tenanceiofthepeopleofGeorgia,uponwiiich shelias ao cimfidently counted, appears jast at present to b* exceedingly doubtful. Judging from ths dis-In South all Carolina, partygetherfive hundred thousand dollars, givenobliterated. There is but one party in the—State butonecertainlythatventurestode-— claieitselfbeforethepeople andthatistheparty committed to secession. In other Statesern rights, now that these guarantees will not be abused to the perpetuation of Southern can atrust in the influence of climate and ofand in the will of the inhabitants, for exclud- ing Slavery from new Tetritolies, now that those influences will nolongerIf we venture to make a mightsuggestion,the public voice is not so unanimousIt would thus appear that half a millionof the public money now rests, in part atleast, on no other security than the or-dinary business notes of an individual Company,sufficientlybe overborne Palmetto State. In Greene County, Ga., on Fri- respect, it must be confessed, the aspect of by a Federal Administration reckless of every-;Express with their usual public spirit, would freely loan the City the use of one of theirday last, th immense mass meeting took place,but the behests of theof wliich the most influential men in the community partici-down by force any attempt to subvert the Constitution of the country. And in every other Southern State the Union feeling wasstrong-teams" to remove the majes- kinds are depreciating, and bankruptcy tic monument to the abode of the ex-Chiefin theproceedingspated. The sentiment of the meeting wasThen, even in South Carolina, there was a Union Party strong enough in numbers to dispute the supremacy with the Kullifiers,afiiairs is much more threatening than it wasslave-holdingin 1882.overwhelmingly predominant.entire South is angry and resentful, and thethe—lor the future. All that they can do now is towait. Ifthestormsubsides,andreasonre-turns then they can act. If madness hastouched the blood of the South, and so poison-ed the very springs of Southern life as to ren-der the return of reason hopeless, we mustported large deficiencies in the accounts of the information laid before it, to attribute thesedutyManufactuks or Fibzbbanus.—It is evidentin all Southern States is towards secession. Evento expenditures incurredpoliticalgeneralcurrent ofpublic sympathythat is somebodyengaged largelyin the busi-who willnot aid the ment—whoknowitamadnessandits follycrease the feelings of sectional hostility that already damage the business, disturb thepeace, and threaten the safety of our country. The story that the steamer Augusta was noton the against the discontent and hostility of a South-Isa force which resides with the people, and which tlicy can exercise or withhold at pleas- ure. We have no army to become the blind, un- questioning executioner of the decrees of the Government, even within the limits of the Constitution. Our army is the people. It con- sults as well as obeys. All our bayonets think.theless, alarming fate of perishing by famine ap- portant and serious an interest. No trivial,partieswere not of a'"iifnTTiiiiHifii(H.tiie 1M£i Btatea' DbbrictOoiirt for TiolattoB of tha tteent Tbeie an nliiaUe ipitetfoM of m in'aqy put of the Ohiiatlan wt^ ud that flw JAteriean flat, ezo^ peihapa ia (be formeUl ofpnHMpMrion. ik^'^In^Mt- tbeaepo«Tietiinaofandnexampladpeneoa-OtambeAda, befcte the Oomlnltteer of iBoe, in Tlew of fte menl tone of public tton win not b« all«wed to perfadt if pecoaiary id biutfliMb^ihaiH la,inifortanately, only^ooFngiHreSlavelaw.-^ Wnrnis jMteidar mtwiti In behalf Bz-Jndgewe owe it to the Union, as well as to the South, Lincoln to pass without an attempt to arouse to consult calmly together, and see by whatason its head as it now is whencould notthe election ofCommittee to beat means the confidence can be restored. partthis attempt on thetheytheSouthtoresistance. Suchan—;possibly permit—and we weredelinquencyis too difficultfor it quite as vigorous and violent, and even solution. On the contrary, we lielieve it may more rapid in its practical steps, than it has be solved, if there is a disposition on bothexpectedquite preparedto seeproblemthat he is amenable oraccountable to no authority higher than his blackguards who gather around the Municipalproved to be.But upon one point, we confess, we havewhile thatIs yielding nottiingcome for stating that very serious and grave views and civic receptions, and who apprehensions arc entertained in well-informed are eminently fond of taking up a posi- quarters as to the safety of the City's money. tion on its ample and sturdy shoulders. It is known that the Artisans' a fewthat isI be spoke were few, but their import, so far been disappointed. The moTement encoun- just. The Republican Party is now in a posi-ters less from the consenrative sen- oppositionBank,made several at-This remarkable monument of human ingenu- ity it is which the Neros of New-York have determined to purchase at a cost of $2,000 ascountry,timent of the South than wethought tCat as soon as the election was over, both the BeU and the Douglas organizationsto itstempts to transfer the City account to anotherof a Unionand meet the secession movement at the veryTtiis does not provethat the Artisans' Bank was largely in arrear to the City, and that the securities which it offered to make good thenature.positionParty,repulsed,on thegroundthe definite of these cultivated opinionhave been theEx-Kieg of Naples, originally amounting to S0,000,have awmdled down to 20,000. The Boyalist And if the people will not enforce the plainest season offers the most dreary prospect for other things, it seems, beside chickens andonsebnow utterly hopelpss, and is admitted tobe so its own requirements of the Constitution, it is all themany thousands of houseless wanderers.The last report of the Anglo-American Be-curses which come home to roost. The State DepartmentatWashington,underthebenignby partisans. Ithasbeenaanouncedgr diflerent London journals tiiat the Count dk same as if those requirements did not exist.and his im- mediate predecessor, has flooded the fourFnaioaT would appear at the Lord Mayor's din-on the 20th ult., shows how much has been already of the Southern States. If there is done to relieve the wants of the Syrian Chris-Administration of Mr. Buchanannet to take place on the 9th inst., and would makeThese considerations make it plain that the Union must rely for its preservation now uponlief Committee at Beyrout, publishedTom.a (peach m which the policy of the Emperor wouldof the world with diplomatic agentsbe fonwadowed. Other speeches were to lie thepeoplequartersof the United States,to Timbuctoo and that to Spitzbergen, not be- cause the United States had any earthly busi- ness to transact with Timbuctoo or Spitzber- gen, but simply because the agents aforesaid were hungry jackals of the Democratic horde whose howls made life unendurable to the Government, and for whom some prey mustat all risks. These exiles, for their country's harm, hare fulfilled their mis- sion. They have vexed the souls of decentAmericans more than all other incidents of travel,andtheyhavecontributedalmostas much as the imbecility of the Cabinet policy itselftothedegradationofourinflnenceabroad. It is a satisfaction to know that they are return-to their Oneof a ing plague principals. them,person of no particular origin or nationality, who bad been sent to protect our extensive in-adtL cMnenting the tnttnu cordtale lately rees- nu desire for union there, and if this is the tians, and how much still remains to be ac-who were sent this onetaUMtdbetweenthetwocountries. FromChinawehWtliiBlei later news. It is reassertedthe Bi^di and French Ambassadors would go toPekiBg|ritbo«ttheanny. Against this there are we stiali have no union. Our Government reports that negotiationa were not going onsmoothly at Tien-tain. was formed by consent, and by consent itIbxican news of a later date reaches na by way must be preserved. We —do not believe the ibod and clothing and in the roundof Havana and New-Orleans. MiRAXOH, it isUnion is tobe destroyed because we do not Baalbek, whichcontkins a Christianthatcomplished.fixed and irrevocable mood of the SouthernThe condition of the refugees at Tyre has been greatly improved ; in the vil-abont the sources of the Jordan some lagesmind, then we must make up- our minds thatpopula- exclusiveofZah- have been saved from death. TMTMl^l^*?"u T^^lmmedUtTmotlve for the shaken. We confess we have, as yet, very But in this last district alone it is esti- ^IZfrf t^. '*.*'"W for in the utter hope- few outward demonstrations to inspire or for- mated that there are yet nine thousand Chris-^»<i '>««n roccooded S2S^ -rl®*'^*'''»"dl> byof two thousand souls, !i^,SSi«** '^" 'ed to expect it from pre- sult. Our substantial faith in them is un- leh many peopler^i?^. v'^^"*' ^^°freaignatlonia notbelieve the Southernpeopledesire such a re-tiontify very manyand hasin the results- of reflection, cd by great privation suffering, alreadyand in the natural tendency of feverish made its appearance among these unfortunateg^,£"^^e5>rran^FrS,t?tg°e passion to wear itself out, and give outcasts, and it is feared that, after the in- ?SE2?,5„TM*'y°? "rangementsforbuilHinc tS„CaaCamiaeiid of'^hLe'^^^PSf?" forbuUding the season has set in, more will die by, .,"' Pacific Tele»raDh liiieT»wn place to a sober and rational judgment. clementIndications of this tendency are already sickness than ever fell before the craelty of thein theDruses or Mohammedans.The Belief Com-visibleSoutheSouth, thewho has a strong hold on the public confidence,—rnState ofin their for further aid so that thepolicebeing Ibipged ftom Boston, vxd Cape Hor^piaaent appearanees there is every reason for hZ has openly declared against the Secessionists, repairing their dwellings before the approach diplomacyp?Zto coerce the people into acquiescenceof wearing the American Consular uniform, andto a conclusion. Much testimony of a conflict- just exercise of their judgment Even inSonth toman authorities are unable to keep theing cliaracter was adduced yesterday ; it ia pre-sumed that all that remains tobe taken will be in- Carolina the Disunion organs protest against savage tribes of the Lebanon in order, or toparadingthe American name before far-awayCourt, Justice SDnXRLAHB rendered a decision ia Convention. No representation of popular dif- military occupation of the country by an ener- the case of Mitchell vt. The Comptroller, City, 4c., —of ferences either on.the naked question ofseces- getic power like France, seems to be the only the Supreme Court for the allowance or increase sion, or as to the practical methods of effecting remedy for the evil, and the only means byJudges—tobe whichthe oftheChristian safetyiteratingover and overthe whole can-and cavalierly refers them to the Comp- forthwiththose use.alone theyanyanger,passionate nothing,notendance of the Comptroller to answer ques-givenoble effigy whichfiering ttiat, when the Spiing opens, the work m and in such a and with the rainy season, and with food, cattle "services rendered." botkeodfUfdieiaiite,aaweUasonthecentTM temper suchpoweras of What"services"amanwithanunpro-wfllto^Kto^rcoBBMiieed. ^°^'^' to command a fiiuse in the public movement. and implements of husbandry to enable themIhvMMt ftgitive slata mcne hi Chicago is And to-day we have news of a great Union to make provision for their future existence. nounceaUe name can hava rendered the peo-fikatrtotiunoQtabiri apeajhUnn for thou«n. meeting In Angnsta, which seems to hava We feel assured that the call win be amgwedteit. XtastftbMbnhNBialtettaiu b«ensugQlnedbjaxoifpowerAilpabUosen* promptlyrospwdedtointheUnUedSeatfie 1ms Danube,whichThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069probablysonal Liberty bills,deficienfcythe declarations have made theywTongs. They place largerbeen a business.in the Chamberlain'sprivatethingpower. They can yield anything and every- thing to the aroused apprehensions and sensi- bilities of the South, which does not touch the essential and fundamental principle whichcan do nothing now. TLey are not yet in pos-to believe that all Nothing of this sort is visible now. The to pay any attention to promises and pledges the Artisans' Bank, and did not hesitate, from eventually be ovemiled.strange things maynecessity,ner in which this sum had been the expended,per-pririlegeEuropean populations, whose intelligent good troduced to-day. At Special Term of the Supreme any nomination of rival candidates for the make them respect the sanctity of law. A will may really one day become of importanceis markedCourt of Oyer and Terminer considerable interest be submitted to the vote of the people. It is of the late massacres have all been pnnished, torical scoundrel. Practically all the woridItsA^'irSBkud WMt^nnttoClecnma&tttbalawMt Judge Da 11, an action against the City is now on out in advance. It is not to be a deliberative tion will be thoroughly carried ont, and that may be held, perhaps, to be an open question j^y^, ^«dipeBBii]ali«niS>rvud«<oa«MUe*tlan. trial for the recovery of the sum of $5,376, under It is the executor of decrees the French troops now in Syria will not be that who takeMM rniEa rOK CAUrOSHU. la *abllifead an the ^_artB«<><••7"^tnoMr. Pdsa, Uwm^pen,an alleged contract with the City Inspector for therpmoval of dead bodies fixnn Potter's Field. In thebody. simplysent in for its registration. Nor will its action withdrawn until the abettors and instigatorsby large class of philanthropistsJ. S&THOIID k CO.,centered about ihe trial of " BiLLT Mdllioa.s."for an assault on Officer Olitib with a pistoLJohn Mokkisset was on the stand as a witness.to be the irresponsible, omnipotent tool of theDisunion conspirators. Movements of pre-and their for capacitya deep interest in the reputation of every his- farther mischief has agrees in beliering that this accomplishedplaint. In the Court of Common Pleas, beforepacked assembly.programmeliberty to charge soul has passed, by metempsychosis, there were several trials for assaults and larce- to believe, the people will be pemitted fairly Committee appointed by the Board of Al- the New-York Common Council. Thesenies. One thief was sent to Sing Sing three years and in good fi^ith to decide this great question dermen " with to and enlightened patriots have just enlivened theed for ticket swindling, and several murderers, willprospectsrefused, before thelie sentenced. Court of General Sessions of success. Everywhere else, we see reason nicalto grounds^ appearthat his Special intoand a half. There were also two trials for robbe-power Investigatery.necessary custodyIn one the was acquitted, in the for themselves. prisonerInformation concect- panic of the City and the perturbation of theother stntenccd ten years to the State Prison. TherewasconsiderablereliefintheMoneyand linally closed easier than the average sales of confidence to the public mind,andsafe-keepingofreport all Constant suggestions are made on every side ed with thethatsomethingshouldbedonetoavertthedan- thetheamoimtofinterestArt. WhetherurgedExchangeof the large Banks on Monday afternoon. InStocks prices fluctuated violently in the forenoon, the desirableness of restoring calmness and aregerandpreservetheUnion. WeconcedefullyIhe day. New-Tork Central, 72i^J. A large business was done on London for the Persia to- morrow, at 100<S102 for Merchant, and 103® 101 for Bankers' bills.Flour was more freely purchased, but at easierprices. Wheat and Comdeclined materially, yetwerenotactive. Cottonwaslightlydealtinandrates favored buyers. Provisions were depressedand unsettled. Transactions in Groceries, Metals,NavalStores,OilsandWhiskywerelunited. Lessactivity was discernible in Hay and Hops, Candlesand Tallow. Other branches of trade presented no cede and guarantee to every State and to all in reference to the public funds undersuppose may hideous, does not appear, the—and woulddeposited, together mation as, in the opmionyellow, kid gloves and Japanese balls, orwillingly do anything in our power to aid in the interests of theproducing that result. But what can be done ? What can the Kepublican Party do, beyond re-or thesoil,sword,now to be staring many of them in the technical objections to the manner of sum-pearsface. Through the charity of Christians in Europe and America, a vast amount of actualsuffering has been alleviated ; but a great deal of the money that was collected has been expended, and the approach of the rainydread of perishing bypurpose.two thousand people have been supplied with—and there are to tians in a state of absJlnte beggary and in the that faithSSuei^^i"""^.'^ evacuated Faebla,Se^iST^''*TM"**"citementexistedat discourageit. B—utwehaveconfidence in mosturgentneedofaid.Disease,too,engender-;countrylieenwho have unremittingterests in ed by theeject- Af-witii clamors for for compensationUnttitledDoctaumentcompletelyby require- sire, thereby practically refusing himself Muses. Thements, to meet all its obligations, and to con- development was unexpected,tosuch pledges be received as of any value byspecificof the sub-for whomject-matter, nor any possibility of obtainingthe Haeet livingas the of objectscould be of The truth is, the South is not in a mood for reflection or for justice. It is hot withHowakd, theirrefinedexpenditure. Thestatuealready—drunk with and recklessexists,surprised at the /ac< of a disunion movement. and for the return of reason and cool reflec- means in this refusal to arouse public suspi- themystical vaguenees of its expression isWe have anticipated itfor months.We sawtion. Nomanhas to any rightsayordoaughtcion and generate a firm conviction that every-that shall exasperate still further the South-em mind, or postpone the return of a betterwere so that mood. And whenever that mood shall come,not unlike theLybian Sphinx.—sides to meet the issue fairly to ask nothingown whim or interest. The time has now on the palaceoccasions of re- grandtion to exercise the virtue, and reap the re- We ward, of a generous and patriotic magnanim-by its victory.that the statue looks as much quite'to appear or to answer any questions but its—troller is palpably absurd ^that officer,bothnew Medici of the West selected a statue offirst place, having no knowledgeit, except through statements volunteered tohim by Mr. PlaitCommittee of the Board of. Aldermen mosttionsproperlylieiongingtotheChamberlain's be;and, secondly, the specialtheis portrait to be.Department.If everything be right with the City Funds, Mr. Platt has taken the most efficaciousdirectlyin front of theaugust templedownof the Chamberlain to conceal his ownfrom the an public eye byjusteloquent postedto our commerce. ever-growingNero in the Common CoaBcU. population can Whether the Boman Emperor Nsao wasinto the serene realms of theinstitutioninwhichsuchfunds bytheirbrilliantsocialsuccessesinthemat-with such other infor-public Mr. Jamks R. WnniKO, his counsel, denies the authority of the Committee to compel his attendance,nfcy require."Mr.of theCommittee, which we are bound toCity Platt, through'dwell inFathers of theevening voted themselves to be a company of critics and connoisseurs, and in that capacitythingsagain duringvass, of their devotion to the Constitution, troller for any information they may de- proceeded to appropriate some thou- their determination to abide all its sands of dollars of the civic funds to thein theengagedsatisfactoryThe same authority then adds that the Park they have bought it remains to be known, asin hisprivate capacity by Mr. Chamberlain Platt, it would be that thebe dis- pensed with altogether, and that the statue should be bought as a portrait of Mr. HabbtHowAED. We have no doubt it resembles that illustrious citizen have as little doubt that the Adamsand this at a time when securities of all " colossalbut not indorsed by his brother, who haspainting mightmons,weighCitybeprovidedpartnerfor "corrupt purposes." One sum of fifty thousand ness of inventing reports calculated to in-anddollars, in particular, was missing from the hooks just about the time of Mr. Platt's ap-tion. These circumstances are all .calculated andthrough the City, — published in the eveningshould be allowed toin the Chamberlain's mind against the great need hestands under of allaying public alarm.— ConsulsComingHometoBoost. ThereareMoldo-WaJlachia, has justfrom the Bureau ofof fairs for pertinacionaly haunting that eyry ofs pleoftheUnitedStates,inaremotecityon never seenter ofsimply inspired by ^hat soul' of beautyCityat their session ofMondaying havingthe late Geobge Washington, and a portrait ofof our readers everIfthe pleasure of an hour's meditation in that sylvan solitude the City Hall Park, they mustanyperfectlystandsof all our civic virtues. This work of art in hue resembles the Pyramids of Egypt, and inthat if it were reversed on itsallowed to land her passengers at Savannah,themselves; www.fultonhistory.com 