 4 tA• HBT aeodtoa the above measurea, wo can guarantee, you a per- Jbct 6t «f ova now attie of too IKPTIOTB© FKBNOH Y ox» SHIXT.. m. «'•••i #^^?-ft<•,v;Kg/i^.;.S Iim**r» : i'•' m *PPtftion, or to a revival of the Know Nothing partyunder the leadership of Bell and Everett. ; a^a^a^a^a^snaa^a^BB^i^a^BMas^nMBMiMMBMSMiMBMaof sjiaves in the States just north of them.It would be curious to calculate, if it were pos-And the Douglas, in substantial accordance the people «nd eno anger the stability and permanency of the Union, and ought not to bo countenanced by any friend of our!*J*Mif| and hand, but is required, specially and individually, to give bis ' consent and willingness, to do so; and if he will not, the Detno- 'cratic Committee is authorized to fill his place with anotherwith many others. Leonidas, Cuttius, Regulus—in short, all the heroic and truly great—have been distinguished and rendered illuttrious by this spiritofselfsacrifice. Andwethinkthafnearlyall the progress in wisdom and virtue yet made by the human race has been the fruit of self-sacrifice/&&&il&lii&iaffl^^tome bil to tbe extent of tlie constitutional authority of Congress for the construction of a Pacific Railroad from the Mississippi River to the Pacific Ocean, at the earliest practicable moment.RIGHTSOFADOPTEDCITIZENS. ;• ••"•->.Qn.thispoint, theRepublicanPlatform reads:That the Republican party is opposed to any change in our Naturalization Laws, or auy State Legislation by which thedidr'.^. lVe«<o)Mui' Tharlofji«vu** are,co liHruoMi Saorj U•r.; v< A**. •M0»M<K>oooe«oo«ooooooeo«9oo«OOoooooooo«e6o«oo«^^^it^e&tjm^vffAr^#NXW-YOXX TRIBUNE.W e cannot undertake to return rejected Communications.The a &gua?»n SOt in aefforts echctr . W e r e DO aisted th damag.*&ges, an<go on aa sot do legal ria Johns// n, Preside a turn the Ittereiis' Itisa Bounce t hearty man Olthe \y them ro aVssis'aoS Th*C.act of protectu w a s li-t S*nat« I the coo of fienat ofswnetheir pr>TetheaaThem legal th on all >iBed for>L Mieiat M-x:n».nIt lata (Grovew be the arned Mexic7ecortH< ingcoo* lute rent, rnent r« theappc United •R e 'SpecialftAb<u great n tailed I/They w Tb<\pof Gov. Gov. Oa oppotitiFoxC ilaga, iXr•.<"..*J.-.-v'»-.v.,.,."•••••..".'•'••••'•••-"•1:"-:-;'~~M;-V;•.•:..-.:'••^'^r';. .,'•::"':;;;-';;-:^'/:-"f^pv>-,; ^-r,;.>••;-<:-^.>,:v.'%V?''rr;'^7f^"1*--••".;•••>••;;.;,-.-//.;;'.?;,,>:-«.-•V^5JS^>:'!'-','''"''''-'f""f.',>'''"v;:''"•'•'"•'•"'•'*• ,./''••W^g***:*Business Notices.B i n i t t i ' iTTT o TTT o TTT oTTTTT o m i l otwttOT'*%' If .' -.-.''••••• ifOTTTT"' o TT MM, © .v-w / TT" oTT otefore November, tbey will certainly; wish they had swketh not Us ownl but others'good, we cannotTTTT TTTTT.••TT ',•tion but aa a guaranty for his good faith. "o 09«<K>Oe*0000<>00000000000000<>0000000000000000<>000BAXXOXJ'S P A T E N T Ixrxov*» FWKCCK TOKB SKIRT*, Patented Norembw 1, 18».vention, the growth of a *laveholding communityAdvertisements for'THE'WEEKL Y TRIBUNE for this could have ever met—Slavery would ere this un- gling for the control of the Federal Government.A Hwr Srrui or S* IKT. W A W U » T » TO FIT. ,Sect try express to any part of the United Statee, npon the *»e*li* per mall of the foU ^wing meaarura, which ;rUl inaure a « * r W St, tor *!», *1». *18, and *24perdo«WL No order for-Irarded for !«••th«"halfadox«nchirta.« » «e«wr«a •» e aa foUow*: Neok—The diatanoe aronnd it.•Tatar laurA»T KXKHOT TO THJH NBXTOW Xanrx IzmoonAT* TS» Lmta,TKJTT SrxnwoTHaar m a Dtownos,S t m w ,election would be made by that body. Mr. Field's views are weighty io matter and forcibly stated, and we are sure they will command general atten- tion.How any man who ever thought it wrong for themillions more two shirts a Week wh >would otherwise have had but one or none. Count the millsand the spindles, the ships and the rail care, thethreads and the needles, and the busy fioge swhich ply them to make cheap garments ia India,at home, and it* honor abioad; and we hold in abhorrence all schemes for Disunion, come from whatever source they may: And we congratulate the country tbat no Repablisan member of Congress has uttered or countenanced the threats of Disunion so often made'by Democratic mrrubers, without rebuke and with applauoe from their political eusociates; and we denounce thosethreats of Dls' nlon, in case of a popular overthrow of their as- cendency, as denying tho vital principles of a free government, and as an avowal of contemplated treason, which it 1* the imper ativedutyof a indignant people sternly to rebuke and forever silence.We find no resolve on this head in either of thaDemocratic Platforms.OUR FOREIGN POLICY.to. be repealed, or so changed as to destroy or impair it* effi*_ ciency.That the Democrstte party will resist «11 attempt* at renewing,in Congre** or out of ft, the agitation o; the Slavery question, un- der whatever shape or color the attempt may be made.That the Democratic party will fakhfully abke by and uphold the principles laid down in the Kentucky and Virginia resolution* of 1797 and 1798, and in the report of Mr. Madison to the Virginia Legislature of 1799—that it adopt* tho«e principle* a* constituting enc of tbe main foundations of it* political crt«ed, and is resolved to carry them out in their obvious meaulns; and Import.THE FUGITIVE SLAV* LAW.On thia point, the Breckinridge and DoughwPlatforms both read:'That tbe enactments of Stito Legislatures to defeat the faith* ful execution of the Fugitive Slave Law, are hontile In eharaoter, subversive of the Constitution, and revolutionary In thek effect.As to which the Republican Platform i» silent. KANSAS AND NEBRASKA^The I&publica'h Platform further saya:That in the recent vetoes, by their Federal Governors, of the a?ts of tho Legislatures of KLansa* and Nebraska prohibiting Slavery in tho*e Territorie*, we find a practical illustration ©f tbe boasted Democratic principle of Non-intervention and Fop. olar Sovereignty embodied in the Kanaaa-Nebnuk* bill, and a demonstration of the deception and fraud Involved therein.TbatKansasshould,ofright,b«*iaimedistalyadmitt<*d»«a State, under tho Constitution recently formed and adopted by her people, and accepted by the House of Representative*.We find nothing corresponding or replying to these in any of the Democratic Platforms, uuleaa it be given above., THE AFRICAN SLA VE-TRADE.The Republican Platform says of thia traffic:That we brand the recent reopening of the African .Lave- trade, under the cover of our national flag, aided by perversiooa of judicial power, as a crime again»t humanity, and a burning shame to our country and age; and we call upon Congress to take prompt and efheiert measure* for the total and final sup- pre«sion of that execrable trafficWe see nothing answering to tbia in any of the subsisting Democratic ..Platform*.Dr.'J. Boox Don's laraaJAi. Wixx BITTXXX. since the publi- cation of the Ingredient* of which they are composed, have met with a success unparalleled In the history of patent medicines.. l>opotNo.7&Wtfilan*st.,N. Y.SIR: In your Semi-Weekly of Juue 15th, I find the —When The Whig said this, it had not of course following arguments: . •SLAVERYINTHE TERRITORIES. The Republican Platform says:justice, fraternity, and equality, whioh, under the example of the Constitution of our fathers, has solemnly bound every citisaa/ :doubtedly have been where the framers of the Constitution meant it should be—in the limbo ofi Tsaar RwmxATn TK» Sxosomojra o» TH» BO»T, Ain> AJtx A Snccivio vox A U FJUCAUI Wxjuufxsaxs.P x i c a t>l A PACXAOX,At No. 44i Broadway, Now-York, and all Drnggiata.BJBtMBOLD'S BUCHU FUR THE BLADDER. ~H*u«»ou>'» BrcHU vox THX KIOSXTS.Helnibold'a Bnchn for too Gravel. Hebnbold'a Boebu for th« Dropay. Belmbold's Bochu for Nervou.neaa.' Behnbottra Buehu for io»» of Memory, loa. of Power. Balmboid'. Bucha fur Dimoeoa of Vl.icn.Helmbola** Bacbo for General Debiltty.Beimbokt's Buchu fox Univenal Latritude. HelmHold'. Bochu for Pains In the Back.House in 1824 to choose Mr. Adams over Gen. in China, in Europe, and in America; count the Resolved, That we, the delegated representatives of the Re-BxxxBOXJ>'» BCCMv U accompanied by the moat reliable cer- ttficst«s from Oovernora of States. Judges, and Clergymen.Price $ 1 per bottle, or six for $5.* ^ *^ Rx*»! KXAO!! RXAD!!!" Y e afflicted, read" the following certificate of a cure of overtwenty years' standing-"B- T . «xiMBO».i>—Dear Sir: I have been troubled with anone of the lower candidates could thas be elected over him, on what basis will his Administration rest? Suppoee it were Mr. Bell: is he to become a Democrat Or are the Democrats to become Americans and Whigs? Reflecting men mustanswer these questions to themselves.Twice in seventy-two years has the election oftion have been spread like a garment, and we learn something of the value of an invention which could do in one day the work of three hundred men, and made a thing of comparatively little use.of .the-first importance to the whole world.How do we reconcile the creation of so much piosperity at the expense of so much human woe and degradation as is necessarily involved in the existence of Slavery? We shall not pretend toanswerthequestion. Butitiscertainlyaverytrite, and possibly may be called a"very Pro-Slaverything to say, that the Providence which directs allhuman agencies will not be, in the end, without awitness in this. It may be that, as Slavery hasgrown and flourished under oae piece of machinery;tional triumph. .'.•'."'"'That the maintenance of the principles promulgated in the De-claration of Independence and embodied in the Federal Constitu- tion, "That all men are created equal; that they are endowed by " their Creator with certain inalienable rights'; that among these " are life.libtrty and the pursuit of happiness; that,to secure these " rights.povernmentH are instituted omong men.deriviug their just " powers from the consent ofthe governed," is essential to the pre- servation of our Republican institutions; and that, the Federal Constitution, the Rights of the States, and the Union of the States, must and shall be preserved.Resolved, That there are questions connected with the foreign policy of this country which are inferior to no domestic qoeHtlon whatever.- The time has come for tbo people of the. United States to declare themselves in favor of free seas, and progressivefree trade throughout the world, and, by solemn minifestayons, to place their moral Influence at the side of their successful ex- ample.Resolved, That: our geographical and political position with T« ference to the other states of this continent, no less than the in. terest of our commerce aiid the development of our growing•'I am truly yours, M. MCCOKXICK. '«Lewiston, Pa, Jan. 2$,1859Should any one doubt Mr. McCormiok's statement, he refers to the loJlowinggei.tlexnen:Hon Wx. BIOLXX, ex-Governor, Pennsylvania,Hon. J. S BLACK, Judge, Philadelphia.Bon. D. R. PoxTxa, ex-Governor, Pennsylvania. Hon. R C. Gxixx. Judge United State* Court.Bon. W . A. POXTXX. City SoUciu>r, Philadelphia. Bon. K. BASKS Auditor-General, Washington, D. C.And many others if necessary.Depot, No. 10* South 10th st \ below Chestnut, Philadelphia.D. S. BAXXXS *. Co, No. 13 Pa-k-row, Agent, for New-York.tution—a defect which was remedied directly there- after. In the second case, it went there through the breaking down of the old Congressional Cau- cus machinery of nomination and the irregular, guerilla-like uprising of the People against it. Now, for the first time, an intrigue is deliberatelyentered upon to throw the election into the House, will be probably 20 per cent larger than it•HOWE'SS T A K E * AXX>ScuauMBaveJ/ive Patents, RXCKIVX A U WXAK.OX CH1X.X.XX> IXOX M U ALilLLlElS W x o r o x T andCHILUKO IKONSAXXS.Also 20 second-hand Safes, of• -.•CHEAPESTW e axe now making, without exception, the beat SAXX everworking men liberal wages, to J agriculture remunerating prloes, to mechanics and manufacturers an adequate reward for theirskill, laborand enterpriao, and to the nation commercial pros- lion, and with legislative and judicial precedent; Is revolutionaryINSURANCEIN T B EWORLD.•,.vS/a."..*•••<"...,._•*•"'•'',;•/*•'••,'•of the most severe rain storms ever witnessed in that aectaon.. Several bridges on the Central Rail- road were carried away, and the train carrying delegates to the'Repnblican State Convention, west from Albany, was unable to proceed farther thanYok«—Tb« me»«nTf» from the pointa of eachahouldor; oleeva—Tb* Ungtb from the canter of the back to the wrist, with thearmbent. Breaat—Dfetanoearouadthebody,underthearmpit*. submergedtothesecondstoryof thehouses. , Weiat—Diatanoe around, abo length of the ahixt.ingmen whom a slaveholder so despises, whose labor he enslaves as far as he can, and whose per- son be would put in bonds if he had the power; to one oftheseworkingmen,whogrowwherewooden nutmegs germinate—anotherinvention, by thebje, which no slaveholder could ever have compassed— is the South indebted for all her wealth. But for him the staple crop of South Carolina would still be indigo; but for him the staple crop of Virginia wou'd not now be "niggers."- His ingenuity made machinery do what the human hind could not, and rendered Slavery profitable in t|ie culture of cotton"tended and fortified under the protection andby the " virtual sanction and aid of that Government V —'but'those who disagree with us would not con- sent that we should define their position, but would insist on their right to define it for themselves. The demand is a reasonable one, and shall be fullyconceded.The Platforms of the several National parties,as settled by their respective National Conventions, txie the most authentic and responsible expositions of their doctrines, principles, and views. W e pro- ceed, therefore, to cite them in juxtaposition, so as to bring thevarious points of agreement and of difference, vividly before the American people. They are as follows: •Resolved, That the f jundation of this Union of States having been laid in, and its prosperity, expansion, and preeminent ex- ample cf free Government, built upon entire freedom in matter. of religious concernment, and no respect of persons in reg*rd to raik, or place of birth, no party can justly be deemed national, constitutional, or in accordance with American principles, which bases its exolusive organization upon religious opinions and acci- dental blrth-placo! And hence a political crusade iutheniue- teeith century, end in the United States of America, sgsinst CotboUcs and foreign-born, is neither justified by the post history nor fature prospects of the country, nor in unison with the spirit of toleration, and enlightened freedom which peculiarly dU- tingulshea the American system of popular"government.To which the Breckinridge Platform adds:That the Democracy of the United States recognize it as the imperative duty of this Government to protect the naturalized oltizen in all bis rights, whether at home or in foreign Lnds, to the tame extent as it- n'tive-born citizens.Almt TiiiPfflton and Dealer, in MM'« FxnunsBCfe OoOM. ,;~ B1I.LOI! BfcOtlMI, ^ 'No. i09 Broadway, Now-York. Wholeaale trade anppUed on the nanal terma.- -'J . E . STAPF<Ma>'s G U V B T A R .W w w Oumt T a* ia o n u u o , to heaUng balaamio odor* are brought in direct contact with the lining mem- hranea of the 'Tknat, Bron&ud Tab*., and a* « • Air*C*h of Hi* Relieving at once any pain or. oppreadon. and healing anyinttatioB or inflaaamaUon.Win Oun TA* I*TAJODTVTOV STOAX, itfomoeanlomntoii nn*H"i and healing aimp for cough* and allWanatfOwT* TA* « Arrxran, to magnetio «r conoen- »a<at enmir** nowera r* nder It a moat .needy and efficient^ Txnt AwmmxaTO*. • r 0«^Tar<»iMrt^<t*jr-^<»*»^««*»w«!!- _ . • y » y Centa a bottle, at No. 443 Broadway, New-York,and by aQ Druggtata.J. R. STAFFORD'SIRON AND SULPHUR POWDERSAra a soluble preparation of hon and sulphur, identlo&l with that exlatlui in UJP blood of a pcrfeoUy hoalthy.'per-Unitinc witb the cdgeeted food,TBST B»TiTAiaia AJD Ptrxirr m BLOOP,The Breckinridge and Lane State Committee met at Saratoga yesterday. Arrangements were made for an active proeecntion of the campaign. The Committee were emphatic in their expressions\affection of the Bladder and Kidneys for over 20 years. I havetried phyaicianstt vain, and at last concluded to give your Oen-Bine Preparation a trial, as 1 had beard it highly spoken of. Itafforded me trrT*""*"1** rviie'. I have uaed three bottles, and I erate purpose. In the earlier instance, it wett have obtained more relief from It* effecta and feel much bettorthanIhavefor26yearsprevious.Ihavetheg<ea.estfaithinitsVirtues and curative powers, and shall, do all in my power tomake it known to the afflicted. Boping this may prove ad- the machinery of election provided by the Consti- vantageous to you in agisting yon to tattoduce the medicine,Democratic Platform-reads:Resolved, That the. American Democracy place their trust in the intelligence th patriotism, and the discriminating justice of the American People.Resolvedh lhat we regard this as a distinctive feature of our poli'ical creed which we are proud to maintain before the world as a great moral element in a form of government (spring- ing from and upheld by the popular wiilj and we contrast it with the creed and practice of Federalism, under whateverin the Mmroe doctrine. Their bearing and import admit of no misconstruction, and .hould be appli-jd with unbending rigidity. Resolved, That the grebt highway, which nature as well as the assent of States most immediately interested in its maintenance has msriedbut for free communication between the Atlantic andthe Pacific Oceans con-titutes one of the most important Hcbievements realized by the spirit of modern times, in the un- conquerable energy of our people; and that result would be se- cured by a timely and efficient exertion of the control which w„ have tbe right to claim over It; and no power on earth should be suffered to impede or clog.im progress by any interference with relations that it may suit our policy to establish between our Gov- ernment and.the Governments of the Stato* within whoso domin-£very scale wairanted to give other makers, for sale, which politicians who urge it. But read Mr. Field's entire aatia^etion, or taken back have been taken in exchange forthem, when, oi former occasions, in general Convention, they across tbe inter-oceanic isthmus.The following is the entire Platform of the Union" Convention which nominated Mousrs *• .••rttfcout charge. ILillle's.FRANK E. HOWX, NO. 203 Broadway,speech.WHO IS CHEATED ?The Troy Whig is a journal with which we had (formerly been so happy as generally to agree, and, though of late it has been our fortune to differ fromhave presented their candidates for the popular suffrage.That the Federal. Government is one of limited powers, de- rived solely from the. Constitution, and the grants of power made therein ought to be strictly construed by all the de-partments and agents of the Government, and that it is in- expedient and dangerous to exorcise doubtful constitutional powers.NATIONAL FINANCES—TIDE TARIFF, &C.The Eepublican Platform, as to these topics,.Resolved,-That the Democratic Party will expect of the next Administration that every proper effort bo made to insure our ascendency in the Gulf of Mexico, and to maintain permanent protectiontothogreatoutletsthroughwhichareemptiedintoits waters the product* raised out of the soil and the commodities created by tho Industry of the people of our Western valleys and of the Union at large. ,,'To vebich the Breckinridge Platform adds:That the Democratic parly are In favor of the acquisition of(lBellandEverett: , .WJvereas, Experience has demonstrated that Platforms adopted by the partisan Conventions of the c-uutry have had tbe effect to mislead and deceive the people, and at tho same time to widen the political divisions of the country, by the creation and encour- agement of geographical and sectional parties; thereforeResolved, That It i* bcth the part of patriotism and of duty toF o r P end Dr. Agre Legit?;.U lobby *r10:^0 dtmocra tion^botpromise* row. 3k be nMni '" T b e o ltfeeaT".atront'ee ForPnominat.: '"• First block below Astor House, N. Y.GROVKZ. St BAKRR'S CELEBRATED ' Noiaxuws Sxwzxe-MACKTxxs. . The Best a Uao tor Family Sowing.No. 48* Broadway, -New-York. No. 183 Fnlton-at., Brooklyn.•WHEELER A. WHJSON'SSEWING-MACHINES. " We prefar them for family use."—[Tribune.•"They are the favorite, for families.^— [Times.it politically, we have seen no reason to withdrawour confidence in its general fairness and honesty.. fleecy treasure while a negro culls from one. reads:the Island of Cubo, on'such terms as shall be honorable to our recognize no political principle other than TUX CONSTITUTION OFTHK COCWTKY, T1MJ UNION OK THK STATUS, AIT0 TKB E»F<>KC«» MKNT OFTUB LAWM;and that, a* representatives of the Coa«titu« tional Union men of the country in National Convention assem- bled, we hereby pledge ourselves to maintain, protect, and de~ Jer.d, •oparat«ly and unitedly, these great principle* of publicUsed with patent Bellows, never fails. Principal depot, Ho. 509 the facts? Mr. James Kidd, one of these am- Broadway, under St. Nicholas Hotel. /That we protest against any sale or alienation to others of the embroil the States and incite to treason and armed resistance to law in tlie Territories, and who*e avowed purpose,.If consumma-' .-.'•iHECKERS' FARINA JELLY, a delicious dessert, and the beat snbatUute forjmimal food, enriches the tables of the AHor House, and all the principal Saloons. Hxcxxxa' Farinato remiitd him that h0^a 8 not yet vouchsafed to give us the information asked for on Saturday. We are anxious for the reputation of Judge KentCongress Is provisional and temporary, and, during its existence,all citizens of the United States have on equal right to settlo with Was he so lukewarm a Boliev'.erett man that ho their pn perty in the Territory, without their rights, either of positively declined to permit his name to be u*c<lWEDNESDAY, -AUGUST, 22; I860;TO COR&E8POMDENT8.No notice can be taken of Anonymous Communications.giving theAr tvjfrage* when they go to the poll* friNovember." i,''' ~-If the managers do not realize the truthof this spirit which impels to noble deeds is that whichWhat ever ia intended for Insertion must he authenticated by the name and address of the writer—not necessarily for publica-' < OfTTT ••'TTT o Business letters should ta all oases he addressed to THXHad not a Connecticut Yankee given to theSouth a cotton-gin—supplying a want which no in-We are a*ked by many readers to state, in thefewest words possible, what are tit* real points in controversy between the several parties wrw strug---seen the explicit assertions of Mr. Ottendorfer— himself an Elector on that very ticket—that not" Maniege, esnentially, is the Indissoluble union of one man to one "woirimi "ties Slavery into any or all of the Territories of the United States, is a dangerous political heresy, at variance with the explicit pro- visions of tbat instrument itself, with cotemporaneoas exposijustice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de- fense, promote the general welfare, and secure tho blessings of Liberty to ourselves uud our posterity.'Jamet ChairmtW. ( nauM.rfJ. O. tors. 1 Elector! Ant.;-<passed. To the >\*"The fimdamenta! idea of the'State or Commonwealth is, the •tiered to tbe public Our bafea preserve their contents when one of those ten Electors would, if chosen, vote for subordination of individual to general well-being."»exposed to fire in the best manner, and our BuxeLAX-PXOor In the first of these, ere we to understand; after the word "in-SAXX defies the world. Any one about to purchase ia requested Bell and Evtrett, but every one of them for Douglas dissoluble,'' the qualifying expression, "except by death," orto call andexamine for themselves. Wx oxrx THX BUT SAXXVOX THX XXABT XONXT.—-The above, we believe, embodies all that is not mere verbiage in all the National Platforms, save some allusions to by-gones in the Cincinnati,STXAXXK it MARVIN,No. 335 Broadway, por Worth-at.®*3WK?&jWtrefr/Sfr>,^'-/,:-.«. seweek must be handed in to-day.Central New-Y ork was yesterday visited by one things dead and damned. T o one of those work-We°could answer very briefly that we understand the vital question on which parties are at issue toFonda. The Village of Fultonwlle was entirely«S•M.'tMjIUm.of opposition to any fusion with the Douglas fac- on the rich lands of the Southland in Jthe raisiogDUDLEY FIELD in Philadelphia on Monday e en-ing, pointing out the dangers and inevitable mis-chiefs of throwing 'the. Presidential Election intoCongress, in view of the dead-lock prevailiag inthe House, and the strong probability that no and millions of men" anotter garment, and toin June, 1856, was substantially incorp'•rated witb this. The Democratic National Convention, on the other hand, both before and after its split at Charleston, and the rival nominations of Dou*l'sar.d Breckinridge at Baltimore, formally recognized and adopted the Platform adopted by its predecessor at, Cincinnati, In Jure, 1856, as the Bubstantlal basis of their present profeo. sicn of faith, making'such additions or explanations as were defmfd necessary to adapt the same to existing conditions, Wb, therefore, quote tbo Clncirnsti Platform, as, so far as it goes,;the common weed of the Donglw and Breckinridge parties ] GENERAL OBJECTS.The Eepublican National Platform opens thus:home or abroad, and whether native or foreign. MAJNTENA1SCE OF THE UNION.On this head, the Republican Platform says:That"to the Union of tho States this nation owes its unprece-therefore the Democratic party of the Union, standing on this na- tional platform, will abide by and adhere to a faithful execution of tbe act* known as the Compromise Measure*, settled by the Congress of 1850: " the act for reclaiming fugitive* from «ervl)e '• or labor" included; which act, being designed to cenry out anJackson can now favor the throwing of the electioninto, the House, in order to defeat Mr. Lincoln, wecannot comprehend. Every body knows that,should the election be -carried into the House, Mr.dollars of tbe capital required to move all thesepublican electors of the United States, in Convention assembled, in discharge of the duty we owe to our conatitueuts and our country, unite in the following declarations:That the history of the nation, during the last four years, has fully established the propriety and necessity of the organization and perpetuation of the Republican party, and that the causes which called it into existerce are permanent in their na'uro, andtherebyaccident—orrather,throughadefectinwhere it is pretended that Mr. Bell-r-who has just one State out of thirty-three in his favor there- can be elected! The scheme is every way objec- tionable and wrong, and it cannot be that themasses will become accomplices of the desperateever was before. Its production, must go on increasing, and is only checked now by the wantofhands. It is. therefore, that the States of the extreme South and South-West demand more African laborers, for their force is large enough to plant a far larger breadth of cotton than they do now. They want the loog, slender, black fingers to pick it. They can raise it, but cannot gather it. Where is the next inventive Yankee to.cometo the aid of the cotton-grower in his hour of need? Another Whitney is wanted, that shall put ia the place of those dexterous black fingers some curious implement which will rob a thousand acres of itsResolved, therefore, Tbat, entertaining these views, the Demo-cratic party of this Union, through their delegated assembled in ions it lies: we can under no circumstances surrender our prepon. general Convention, coming together in a spirit of concord, of derance in the adjustment of all questions arising out of it. demotion to the doctrines and faith of a free representative Resolved, That in view of so commanding an interest, the peo- govfrnment, and appealing to their feliow-citizers for the roc ple of the United States cannot but sympathize with the efforts•We have believed it misled or misjudging, not de- Can he not be found.?$40 PARKER SBWING-MACHINE. ~$40. ceitful or dissembling. Yet in its last issue, we But ^the negroes? When machinery can beselves and just to Spain, at the earliest practicable moment. fOffice No. 506 Broadway, New-York.That the paople justly view with alarm the reckless extrava-gance which'phrvades every department of the Federal Govern- And the Douglas Plat ormresponds:ment ; that a return to rigid, economy and accountability is in- Resolved, That the Democratic party are in favor of the acqui- dispensable to arrest the systematic plunder of tbo public sition of tbe Island of Cuba, on such terms as shall be honorable treasury by favored partisans; while the recent startling deve- to ourselves and just to Spain.lopments of frauds and corruptions at the Federal metropolis,show that an. entire change of admlniBtration is imperativelydemanded.FXK*T-CX»4SS DOUBXJB-TBKXAJ>,Rapid andnoiselea*. under patents of Howe, Orover k. Baker,- fco Office VXXKON*. Co., No. 469 BxOA»WAT. Agent* wanted everywhere.SLOAT'S celebrated Elliptic SEWING MACHINES,read:. "Many, who but recently looked with entire diflfivor on any combihaticn, with any party, are now v/illing to adopt any and all honorable mean* to secure Electoral} Votes for John Bell and Edward Everett w the State oj Nc%o~ York. If the ticket nomi- nated on Thursday can be elected—and there is great confidence thatitcanbe—New-YorkwillgiveournomineesTUNVOTBSin the Electoral CoUege.'»made to do the work of thesjaves, then slaves andxmasters must stand aside, and leave the work tomen who drive—not " niggers"—but engine's. * AWOMAN'SQUESTIONS©IVJTlARItKAGrE.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.We find nothing answering to this in the Repub- lican Platform.beity and national safety, against all enemle* at home and abroad, believing that thereby peace may once more bo ro«con»d to tbe country, the right* of the People and of tho State* ree*. tablished,andtheGovernmentagiiuplacedinthatconditionofNo. 309 Broadway. . j .IMMENSESUCCESS!!tL . P . BXXRS.atmi \j-Maassisw: *sts tf**# %§r Trights of oitlzensblp/ hitherto accorded! to immigrant* from for- eign lands, shall be abridged or impaired j and In favor of giving a tull end efficient protection to the right* of'all classes of citi- zens, whether native or naturalized, both at hooie and abroad.Wnfle the Cincinnati Democratic Platform says;ThBttheliberalprinciplesembodiedbyJefferson intheDecla- ration of Independence, and sanctioned in the Constitution* Which makes ours the land of liberty and the aaylum of the op- pr^ssed of_every nation, have, ever been cardinal principle* in the Demcoratlc faith; and ovory attempt to abridge the privilege of becoming citizens nnd the owners of soil among u* ooght to be resisted with tbe wme spirit which swept the alien and se- dition lvws fr'-m our stetutf books. „; And whereas, Since the foregoing declaration was origiaaHyadopted by our predecessors in National Convention, an adversepolitical and religious test haa been secretly organized by a partyclaiming to be exclurively American, end it is proper tbat theAmerican hemocracy should dearly define it* relations thereto.<**t£?iN If J^W^y^RKi^iM^^TMBUNE,^ S P W I ^ M S W S ^ S.tafcen' a;,form.„which • wttl compel w^'-mtiB^nW^^^^ii^l movement to give a ponltlve and direct explanation. The people, .:wbose •voteigar* solicited, wUlxoith to know to -whom they areB W " r f v f a 8 t h ewhen they liBtento the returns.p v^V-i;doubt—ED.;/-';-•,-'••'::>...;••-::..'.;••*aTUB JPKBSIDBrvCir IN CON©BJE£S. sible, the influence of this one invention upon the [NOTE.—Tbe Republican National Convention, held at Chi- therewith, says: cago in May, framedafull and complete Platform, making no. We print on another page the Speech of DA VID commerce of the world. Cities have grown up,' •";_/:'• oHtlcol institution*.reference to any former dfclaration," though a portion of Resolved, That it is the duty of the United States to afford Tbat the foregoing proposition covers and was intended to em-tbe Republican National Platform framed at Philadelphia, ample and complete protection to all its citizens, whether at brace the whole subject of Slavery agitation in Congws*, aadfleets have been launched, mioes have been opened, new bianches of trade have been created, and new inventions have been made which without it wouldnever have been needed.It has give a to millionsf.trms andthe subdivisions pi, labor which have sprung from, these; measure the wide domain of virgin soil which has been opened for the habitation of man,appliances ofindustry;rechonthen allLincoln's Electoral Vote will be the highest of thethree candidates presented to that body. Suppose and over wMch the blessings of peace and civiliza- now, more than ever before, demand its peaceful and constitu-President gone to the House, but never by delib-it will be overthrown by another. The productionof cotton this year, unless cut off by drouth, mme or form, which seeks to palsy the will of the constituent,>•'E9HNBmmm*:on;<to;e^^6^crifice;tbus:made of•'fare,";we donotas«ume to decide; but that theions of the Supreme Court of the United States On the qu««tiotto Of constitutional law. ,To. which the following, on motion of GoviWiok- liffe of,La. (who «ald it would, give Dooglag forty thousand majority in Louisiana), was ad led atBaltimore-~Mr. H. B. Payne of Ohio moving tho Previous Question thereon:hetoived, That it Is in accordance with tbe Interpretation of the Cincinnati Platfo.m, tint, during thr existence «f the Territorial Government*, the measure of restriction, whatever It nay ha-, imposed by the Federal Constitution on the power of the Terrf. torial Legislature* orer the «ubject of the domestic relation*, a* tbe same ha* been, or shall hereafter be, finally determined by tbe Supreme Court of the Unt+ed State*, should be raspeetad by all good citizens, and enforced with promptna** and fidelity by every branch of the General Government **8TATE RIGHTS—DOMESTIC TRANQUILLITY. On this point, the Republican Platform says:That the maintenance inviolate of the right* of the State*, aad especially the right of each Sute to order and control its owst domestic institutions according to l u own judgment excludveiy, is essential to tbat balance of power on which the perfectioa and endurance of our poli'ical fabric depend*i and we deaotraoe the lawless invasion by armed force of. the aoil of any State or, T<rritory,nomatterunderwhatpretext,a*amongUMSgravestof crimes.The following is a part of the Ciocionati Plat*•form:That Congrcas has no power trader the Constitution tofartorfercwith or control the domestic institutions o^ the several State*; and that all such States are the sole and proper judges of every* thing sppertaining to their own affairs not prohibited by the Con- stitution ; tbat all effort* of the Abolitionist* or others made to induce Congress to interfere with questions of Slavery, or to take incipient step* in relation thereto, are calculated to had to tbe most alarming and dangerous consequence*, and that all such efforts have an inevitable tendency to diminish tbe hsppineM ofmr|"ieajr a M JWLA-"ar.d declare its determined opposition to ail secret political socie- he—"Shall Human Slavery he, or not be, further ez-. ties, by whatever name they may be called,—The corresponding portion of the (common) power, requires tliat we should hold sscred the priuciples involvedst> d which co: ceives no imposture too monstrous for the popular credulity.titude of their intentions, renew and reassert before the American people, the declarations of principles avowed bywhich are being made by the people of Central America to re- generate that portion of the Continent which covers the passage'. Madison, of. Mr. favorite.perity and independence.The Democratic Platform on this point reads:and Johnson. But that statement is now beforethe public, and is being used to secure German asserted tbat it is not, and cannot be, under any clrcuzmtancos, to f'06ter one branch of Industry to the detriment of another, or States is that of freedom: That as our Republican fathers, when and tho following left-handed compliment to Mr.I. W e certainly hold'that a marriage, once con- tobeforDouglasorforBell;buttheycannotbe tracted,canonlybedissolvedthroughcrime. The'had. ' It now ssys: liberately committed, and was likely to be repeated,eminent the power to commence and curry on a general system of Internal Improvements.Territories, including. Kansas and Nebraska, acting through the legfiDy and fairly expressed will of the majority of the actual residentff, and whenever the number of their inhabitants justifies it, to form a Constitution, with or without domestic Slavery,Poat-0«ee address. Box No. ».«»BATCHELOR'S HAIR DYE, Wig and Toupee "The singular coalition formed at Syracuse, between the beforeseekingadivorce.Do wet>mDarras8Mr.Brooksof TheExpress by onsC** ^j£%TM££S?l- ^ v a t e entrance for ladle* The dye Douglas men and the leaders of the Bell-Everett party, in thisA RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.The Republican Platform says on this head:too many quc&v* ' W e should ba sorry to pres« r aJU*ott* < «Sut« 0 On F aad Svr of »i i I ' tiob.-. \* >'•;. powib'eFrvio, la lib tj-•' JtT >*'k l*tb* sky-ught rooma.As to the perpetuation in the future life of mar-to impair its value. The Bell-Everett men wish to, know the riages contracted in this, we, having no knowledge That a Railroad to the Pacific Ocean is imperatively demanded and be admitted into the Union upon terms of perfect equality too hard upon «o ^ »k a nature, but we beg leav«htate, has already given rise to a controversy which threatensconditions upon which their ten representatives were pi iced onbyihe interests of the whole country; that the Federal Govern-" not even by death?" If the former, and Marriage is spoken ofin its tendency, and subversive of tho peace and harmony of tho country.That the normal condition of all the territory of the United B A R T L E T T ' S P A T E N T H O T - A m F U R N A C E S and and Irish votes for that ticket, while The Wliig's dissolved; that no misconduct, no crime even, on the part of to cherish the interests of one portion of our common country they had abolished Slavery in all our national territory, ordainedPOXTAXXX HxATXxa, tbe beat in ase. Send for a circular. BAXTLXTT k. L*»hin, No. 426 Broadway.THE STEREOSCOPIC EMPORIUM, JS. AXTXOXT, NO. 501 Broadway.Catalogues aeni on receipt oi stamp. Photographic materials for amateurs and the faade.conflicting assertion is employed to obtain Ameri- can and Whig votes for the same.Is this a kind of business in which The Whig is willing to be engaged ? Does it feel that such is the way in which honorable and. just men, who have characters to.support and reputations to maintain, conduct political contests? Nobody doubts the right of Messrs. Kent, Burrows &, Co.either, can justify the civil law in annulling the voluntary com- pact between them? That, indeed, the civil l»w has no power (though it assume s to have) to annul such compacts ?In reference to the second remark, it is asked, whether we have any aothoiity foi sacrificing tbe real interest and welfare of a single individual (even one's own) for the benefit of the whole world beside, or any evidence that such sacrifices ever avail ?a* the expense of another; that every citizen and every sec .ion of the country has a right to demand and insist upon an equality of rights and privileges, and a aomplete and ample protection of persons and property from dtaaastio violence and foreign ag- grestion.that ' no peraon should be deprived of life, liberty, or pro- p e r t y , without duo process of law," it becomes our duty, by legislation, whenever such legislation is necessary, to maintain this provision of the Constitution against all attempts to violate it; and we deny tho aithority of Congress, of a Territorial legis. lUure, or of any individuals, to give legal existence to Slavery in any Territory of the United States.While the Democratic (Cincinnati) Platform reads:Resolved, That claiming fellowship with and desiring the coop- eration of all who regard the preservation of the Union under the Constitutiona>theparamountIssue,andrepudiatingall.seotlonalBuchanan's Administration in the Chicago:That tbo present Democratic Administration ha* for exceeded jour worst apprehensions, in its mesaurele** subserviency to the exactions of a eettional interest, a* especially evinced In it* des- perate exertion* to force the infamous Lecompton Constitution upon the protecting people of Kansa*; in con«truiog the personal relation betwten maater and servant to involve an unqualified propertyinpersons;Initsattempted enforcement, everywhere, on laiid and sea, through the intervention of Congre** and of tbe Federal Courts, of the extreme pretension* of a purelyieoal in- terest; and in it* general uud unvarying abuse of*the power in- trusted to it by a confiding ptople.NeitherthoBreckinridgenortheDouglasPlat- form offers anything on this head.—We have thus placed before, our readers the grounds on which the several parties now soliciting'GASBann, Br.AOxfc.Co.,Noa 565 and 567 Broadway,Corner of Prince-at,In addition to their large stock of rich Goons, offer for sale a large assortment of CHANDKUXX* and OA» FIXTXTKXS of every. description, and of the newest styles, both foreign and domestlo auaaeiaetnxea.r*i of the Government to en-Tfc«*d .. has thro that H:HKru^'f'v traicH.( Stat*CFIXTURES.as a reluti'm belonging to the present stage of existence only, is itThat justice and sound policy forbid the Federal GovernmentAug. 15th.ELIA.Reply.THEPUBLICLANDS—FREEHOMES,&C.KNOWLES'S AMERICANINSECT DESTROYER— forboth. Will The Whigascertain andpublish, SSSeaceofmarriage is the voluntaryengagement Onthispoint,theRepublicanPlatformreads: partiesandplatformsconcerningdomesticSlavery,whichseektotionein outidcrs done oxO* fa NHn-3ber ere' what l i nated 1} The K * the gf*stTb*"«rem«. a JFWd J<«nce, '» to thej*ruoo. «-r fcors of t reeob"Kor compact of a man and. a woman to " take eachE U R E K A StwiNG-MACHiNiiS.—Price $50, com- phibious Electors, may be found within a few " other for better or worsOj to live together after Public Lands held by actual settlors*, and against any view of the ted, must end In civil war and disunion, the American Democ-plete. A» an accozumodation, can be paid for in we<kly or minutes' ride of The Whig oflice. Tlie Whig says Homestead policy which, regards the settlers as paupers- or sup- racy recognize and adopt the principles ooutained in tbe orgauic xnonthly instaOmeats. Renu paid for niachlnes. is money lost. "fJod's holy ordinance of matrimony until death do plants for public bounty; and we demand the passage by Con-_Office, No. 463 Broadway. Clubs sopplled at wholesale rates. he is for Bell; The Staats Zeitung says he is for "pait." So much the parties covenant to do; and gresB of the complete and satisfactory Homestead measure LiW8 establishing the Territories of Nebraska and Kar'-as, as em- their confidence and their suffrages severally rest Local agent, wanted. Libera! discount allowed. Douglas, and we are confident that the latter is jvhich has already passed the House. bodying the oiuly sound ond safe solution of the Slavery question, their claims to general confidence and support.so much we hold them religiously bound to do. If upon which the great national idea of tho people of this wholeBUSBTON'S DIARRHEA TEMEDY FOR CHOLERA right. But whichever of them may be his choice, any couple see fit to strike np a bargain to live to , >yhile the common Democratic Platform says: country can repose in its determined conservation of the Union, We mahe no comments; but we wish the People"'-,Mo^ifca, DXSXXTXKKY, Couc, fcc—In many thousand cases,Where it has been u*«d, it has rarely failed to check a Diwrhea in he certainly is not for both; and, if the editor of gether until one of them shall have tired of theThat th*T Proceeds 0f the Publio Lands ought to bo sacredly applied 10 the .National objects specified in tUe Constitution, and that we are oppol,e<*-*? any law for the distribution of such proceeds ameng the &?*"* a a a U k e *oexP«dient in policy and repugnant to the CoE8titutK?n*R B 0 Rand non-irterference of Congress with Slavery in the Territories could be assembled in their several townships orIor in the District of Columbia. other localities, and hear these Platforms fairly,* That this was the basis of the compromises of 1850, confirmedby both the Democratic and Whig paities in National Conven- deliberately read for their consideration and judg- tions, ratified by the people in the election of 1032, and rightly ment, i And we wish especially that those who be-onfdose. '.>,;•••MVHHTOS'H. So. 417 Broadway, comer Canal-st., and No. 10Astor House, corner Barclay-stDIARRHEA, DYSENTERY, and Cone immediate-The Whig will only ask him, he must plainly de- clare for whom, if chosen Elector, he intends toother, or found another mate more to his or her mind, that may be a nice sort of arrangement (though we can't see it in that light), but it cer-1v.".cast his vote. and report?Will The Whig promptly inquireapplied to the organization of the Territories in 1854.That,by the uniform implication of the Democratic principle td. .v . •»fc •riage may not be rendered voidable by the adulteryDr. MARSH continues to apply his RADICAL CURE d H a r b o r I m:'The Sun, of our city, though not a party paper,Txoas with success,, in effecting cures of Hernia or Rupture. has steadily sympathized with Mr. Douglas of husband of wife, because this is a violation of the Thataj)propriations by Congress for RlVof sCLadles waited npon by a female in private rooms Bsthing Trasses, • Supporters, Shoulder- Brakes, Suspensory Bandages, Sflk Elastic stoekinga, Knee-Cap*, and all surgical appliance*, by HAXXX k. Co.; No. 2 Vesey-et., N.Y., opposite gfc g a g s Church.SPALDING'S PREPARED GLUE. "Everybody should have a bottle."— [Tribune.Fox SAXX EVXXTWXXXX.Mswtfwtured by H. C. Si-annnro fc Co., No. 48 Cedar-at.with or without domestic Slavery, as they may elect, the equal r eral p a f ^ s , touching that point. If the People of!'throughout bis past struggles, and has done veryvital condition of. marriage, and may be held to en-tainly is not marriage.We do not say that a mar-) IMPROVEMENTS.lieve in the Tree Homestead policy would mark the organization of Territories, and the admission of new States £'«U what is said, and what left tosild, by the 8ev- jon the subject, choose to be silent.Boiler*, to preventfuming or scorching: J«lly Molds, of va iou* answer, that should the ticket be elected, the Bell-Everett We prefer that the ministers of the law should not tion ; and that, as preliminary thereto, a. daily Overland Mail That the Government of a Territory organized by on act ofthe Douglas Electoral Ticket, and from one side they rt ceive thement ought to render immediate and efficient aid in its construc-Jfees. formm and patterns; for sal, at the Establishment, No. 5 Electors will be free to vote for their own proper candidates.wow Canal st., near East Broadway. 7 annul marriages in any case, but only declare offl-But the Douglas men, who have also been questioned' as tb the ,cially that tney have been annulled by the guilty —In iris speech at Ottawa, Illinois, August 21,1858, terms of the fusion, give a different answer. They say that theshould be promptly established. '•"'.'".On this point, the Douglas Platform reada:•%'•'electoral ticket was made up purely in the interest of Mr. Doug- acts of the offending party.Resolved, That one of the necessities of the age, in » military, person or property, being destroyed or impaired by Congressional as an Eleetor on that ticket? Ant2 did he, not-. lBfr. Dooglaa said:"X believe this Government was made by whitewithstanding, assent to its being ptit in the list of forever; and I am is favor of confining citizenship to " We cannot tell which answer is right, hut it looks as if there "itdividual for the benefit of the whole world the construction ofa Railroad to the Pacific coast, at the earliest ments, to protect, when necessary, the right* of persons and Douglas Electors? The perspicuous Express can-S*> tti yeno'»'»t: thort ;anwSevti »ior«r,of 8VD Chat I* . et<.'i u*i ' t^e l>*ilas, and that the union was formed upon the distinct understand- ing that every vote given for the ticket should count for Douglas and Johnson.II. Elia's demand of "any authority for sacri- ." ficing the .real interest and welfare of a singleCommercial, and postal point of view, is speedy communication between the Atlantic and Tacifio States; and the Domocratio party pledge such constitutional Government aid as will insureor Territorial legislation.That it is the duty of the Federal Government, in all its deport-,; men, for tbe benefit of white men and their posteritywhite men—men of .European birth and descent, in- were some deception practiced. Thus, The Expreaa, one of practicable period.stead of concurring it npon negroes, Indians, and. other whoae editors took a prominent part in effecting the coalition, "beBide," may be soonest answered by saying^rh*>That wben the settlers in a Territory having an adequate popn elucidation. The real Belleverett men, who are As a commentary upon this statement of Judge '(on theDouglas ticket) will, if elected, vote for Bell Whereas, One of the greatest necessities of the age, in a politi- lation form a State Constitution in ptrrsuanoe of law, the right of simply desirous of easting even the fraction of ainferior races." expressly declares that the 'Bell* and Everett electors that we believe in Jesus of Nazareth, and the And the Breckinridge Platform as follows:and vindicator of Popular Sovereignty on the hip, however, when he asserted that the Iroquois Indians(one of Mr. Douglas's "inferior races") were the real 'name.'And the Douglas Platform, as settled at Charles- '• political compass so completely aa to be a party toBothersofthe"greatprinciple"towhichtheJudge is devoted, md in favor of which he is octaturnolly"NoonewhoknowsMr.Ottendorferwilldoubthisworcf,orW^ea*1??c?nv1^^ofthetruthefwhatbeasserts;andyethe E 2 S S S S ^ Sthe me oi his name on a Democratle ticket bo-Inasmuch as difference ft of opinion exlrt hi the Democratic •«a»tyastothenatureandexteutofthep.wer*ofaTerritorial oausehispreferenceslayinthatdirection. Will 1 Legislature,andastothepowersanddntieaofCongreas,under not TheExpressenlightenus'insomeofitseditions - th© Constitution of tho United State*, over the institution cfSlaveiy within the Territories!n*'betrayed to Speak,That it is the duty of every'force and practice the most rigid economy in conducting our p blic afFairs, snd that no more revenue ought to be raised than iB.rvquired to defray the necessary expenses of the Government, a ud provide for the grudual but certain extinction of the public d e b t . / • \INTERNAL (RIVER A N D H xOn this head, the .Eepublican *°>tform reads:' provements of a National character, required tot *he .accommo-rights of all the States will be preserved intact, the original com- each township would thus hold meetings by taem- jpacts of the Constitution maintained inviolate, and the perpetuity •. Mr. IM Vfillo«n tor-K->a>deo -.; 4 \Vi.*-uStore,TbeuTh« r RCtitl'Odation and security of an existing commerce, are atfshjrlzsjwe1 presume, for ..Douglas now; and it protests from the broken compact. We believe, however, the Constitution, audjustified by the obligations of Government brncj^? i n P**"06 8 n d httrn,ony, every future American State that and, Documents, hearing both sides, they couldmuch to commend him to popular favor. It is,against the Syracuse juggle, because it realizes that a true husband or wife would consider longbyand expansion of the Union insurod.to Its utmost capacity of em-title the wronged and innocent party to a releaseto protect the lives and property of its citizens.While tbe Democratic Platform says onlyhardly fail to como to a just decision. Let there, that it is losing him the only solid strength he ever and deeply, and be assured that the crime was de- That the Constitution does not confer upon the General Gov-' Retolved, That we recOgH^e tho right of the people of all the beu'gkt!I•• .'and Everett ia the Electoral College;' while Mr. Otten- great leBsonofHis earthly life—namely, self sac- cal, conmercial, postal, and military point of view, is a speedy sovereignty commences, and, being consummated by admission vote for their candidate, are desirous of knowingDougias, we may observe that George Cop way, a civ-ilized Indian, attended the Douglas State Convention 'dorfer, one of the Douglas Elector*, and the editor ofthe Stoat* Zeitung, states with emphasis that each one of the '. last week, and made a speech in favor of the. great re- electors ' is not only pledged by tbe resolution of the Conven-Tiler of his race. Mr. Copway had the reputed author «tion to the support of Donglaa and Johnson with all his heart "rifice" did avail. So (in a subordinate sense) se'ves to use every means in their power to Secure the passage of recognizes the institution of Slavery. ; ••aouse, or previous to the [Commercial Adv. J meeting of the Convention. At any rate, the controversy hasthia evening? Are there not letters, or a letter, < Retotved, Th«t tlie Democratic party will abide by the deel*- that will settle the question?' •rifice "for the benefit of the whole world be-" side," and we thnk that in His case " such sac- •fore,beit ' '•,..••into the Union, they stand on an equal footing with the people of other States; and the 8tate thus organized ought to be admittedUntitled Document1selves, and listen to the reading of the best 8peecher^||s>may be c<T.nbtltuted or annexed with a republican form of goy- 'dented increase in population, its surprising development of ma-terial resources, its rapid augmentation of wealth, its happiness express provision of the Constitution, cannot, with fidelity there-•, The Democratic (Cincinnati) Platfora saye:That;whileprovidingrevenueforth©supportoftheGeneralGovernment by duties upon import*, sound policy requires suchon adjustment of these imposts as to encourage the developmentof the induttrial interests of the whole country; and we com- That the new dogma thattbe Constitution, of its own force, car of the United States t0v9>aint«in a more perfect uniui, establish mend that policy of national exch«nges which socureB to theernment. •with the other States.To which the Breckinridge Platform adds:'-property in the Territories, and wherever else its constitutional not fail to see that here are two points that n -od authority extends. •' .coma un)oation between the Pacific and Atlantic coasts. ThereResolved, That the Democratic party do hereby pledge them-' into the Federal Union, whether it. Constitution prohibits or hem. And the friend* of Judge Kent are inter-.he *' « vton, say 8:.•..•.whether they may rely upon Judge Kent as one of ested to know whether he haa really boxed tho. ©»»«' Po»J\'' ' 'v 1r.-' ' ,••intfi.- .• '•' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comt::.::;;^..^,^..; yj}*<\. ».-..••Javi^fitfiSfeii .«*•.,•:.:••• >. . <. •! .' ..:•-....A. •..,-,.; -vaS 