 0NEW YORK HERALD.litieaLDartiea. and our whole political systeSB, Tmfadherents o f Mr. Dotigtss have professed a sacred devotion to tbe democratic party,RS t h e o n l y p a r t y c o m p e t e n t t o s a v e t h e U n i o n . But a party which, from its intestine quarrelsago would have liberated three o r four o f o t r sbips from Vera Cruz, and an energetic attitude in our pending questions with Spain, Peru and C h i l e w o u l d h a v e l e f t t h e w a t e r s o f C u b A , A f r i - ca, and the South Pacific, in as little .need ofmoral front oar rtnutts.a H K l O O I D O lCXMTOB A M ) H O E t B O P O B .LfctRsuAvnm -Tax_7X r HER ALU o* VHiwaiay. «< /•wr ocxf* fM-r"7orrjrrif*7MM,takeiUd/rtm ommfMMHerar«**•mrM;</•*W.tritlU.Mexico. Mr.O.S.Wood,oneoftheoldestandmostac-complished telegraphers in the country, and who for several years has had the management of the Canadian lines of telegraph, went to Europe seve- ral months ago on business connected with his pro-tween England a n d India, touching a t Gibral- terests of our commerce in the Chinese seas to to render Great Britain independent of thenevertheless somtimes happens that they aaai into law, through accidental combination-, or as the results o f party compromises.JK> Jk'OTlCt take* of anomtfmsmt corre*potvlntct. T1\ZMKHTSreaamtt«i*rfc<tm;airrrti "mrittiin-JOBPBL&TlAt),Volume XXVabatedwithmeatocm,ekaapmrmtu>4do newlyprojectedtelegraphlinebetweenEngland and America by the way of Greenland and Iceland.OpeningFew More Remarks to Uonifacc.AVranflVTS THISBVEXINQ.subjoined, extracted from one of his letters to afriend in this country:—"They (the new com- Oar Trade with China—tl hat la RequitedRTBU>1 QABDBK, Brosdwsr.-tAS'r ae tai OrsatlMl V*Auna^-L* CAPUT*. Afl«ruooa ami K>earns.in India, and she is,too, aware of the growingpolitical friendship that subsists between the tepee and Central American routes nave0u» FLUrMTIOa.LACRA KRKV rs THRATRR, No. «M Broadway.-QOT- e*»o« > Wura—Ova JATAXKH Kwuan.may live many years after its accomplishment" Mr. Wood strongly deprecates the difficulty which has recently sprung up between the Press of thebecomes us to consider what is the condition of our merchants there, and what is the protec- tion we are affording them.During the past few years our trade withChina has resuscitated, and is at this momentexhibiting an increase wonderful to behold.The following table, drawn from the annual re-perts of the Secretary of the Treasury, on com-merce and navigation, exhibits the average an-nual imports and exports of this trade for each- ing them at every conceivable point with de- Instances such as these strikingly demon- excluding pre-emptors now on the lands, but decade from 1821 to I860, and for each quiit- mands (or small sums of money. While some strate the moral power which the stronger na- giving them a certain time to buy at govern- (jueniumfromlfcCOto1800.endingontbe30thI I I I K T T ,Orrtci « w. corns** or KA*UU AMOrcuroN ars. over four weeks, he has never as yet been at his peat.over tbe federal offices and spoils, ha* become American sbips-ofwar as are those of the Bri- incompetent to save H*elf» may be dismissed tish Channel and the Rio de la Plata. The and whistled down tbe wind without tear and country wants a revolution in Congress, the without remorse. W e are not prepared to Navy Department, and the conduct of our for-TBMMS. <mkt* tUttfO* rmdtr.vara VXBKLT,%H per *****. HJCMALD, •***?**•**»>.««_*gfoimrltdfThe United States mail steamer Pocahontas,from Vera-Cruz 16th inat., has arrived at New Or-T«kr Care of the Mlsalon artea.Most of our readers are aware that a sub-nothing to recommend them or are postitveir_ _ _« t « J (*rt<*We do notHa. IT*a new division of the spoils.We publish this morning the first general In-voice of watering place correspondence, cou-pled with a general topographical account of globe; she knows the design? of Russia with intended to affect the popular vote in the fron- tbe Virginia Springs, which latter documentwill be found to contain some valuable informa-tion for invalids who Intend to test the proper-tiesoftbeOWDominion'shealingwaters.BOWRRT THRATRR Rowwry —AnTOCATt—Oou> tel- The more inquiries I make the better am I satisfied Rail—BiMIT MA£AI«*-TOmWiM BE9S09. thatwewillsoonhaveadirectlineworkingsuc-present Czar and the Emperor Napoleon. Intbe course of her history she has accomplished their political effect upon the South than tsRTCW BOWERV THRATKK. Unwary.—tlotsimoc BOI- United States and the American Telegraph Com-LS***—fixtrvMo— Nsw YORK I» 19*0.B ARROW'S AMRR1CAR WTHKITV. BTOMWST - D » y n d Imioi-On Ota Hoc« ATHaas—Unas CMUtmn, *c.BftTAKTS VINRTmRLR, to>riMntea' Halt. «7I BnMdirar.- Bouaa«OB, Sonet, DAWSS. Ac—W«Coaa Ftoa n t HILLS.pany, in consequence of the extortionary measures of the latter, and predicts that the inevitable result of the quarrel will b e t h e establishment o f rival lines throughout the country.The Excise Commissioners met yesterday after-noon, and granted eleven thirty dollar licenses.tnoi-e detestable than the petty annoyances and small swindles to which visiters are subjected. For example, what can be more absurdly an- noying than the practice prevalent at Niagara of dogging the footsteps o f strangers, and meet-achievements of Pizarro in Peru. Both accom- lands, throw ing them every where open to the plished their objects with ridiculously insignifi- actual settler, subject merely to a charge of sixV I B U y S BAIiOOB, Bru»<l»*y - O « o . OamsTTli MIIT- tUATT.TEMFLE OF MAUIC. M l Br.Mlway.-PtOrtsjOt JACOM.BATIOMAL POWCXRT SALOON. Kati>iuU Theatre.- of Use meetings of the Board and behold the opera-I T U U l» ttlMHM, DAJKB*, U s i U N t t l , Ac.—JAPAMBSI Mr. Haskett inform.- us of his intention, as Presi-Bowaa, DAMCSS, twinwa, ao.OORNCR OR THIRTKKNTH RTRKKT ART) ROUBTations of the Excise law. He will also furnish them with statistical information of the amount of theof June each year:—TRADE WITH CHINA.the mighty torrent sweeping over, almost understirring examples of the superior might of ing twenty-five cents an acre, beside the LandATRMUR.-CAUi«»inAH U H M Wvarious descriptions o ffactured in this country,imported, together with the leading historical facts of the manufacture and effect.-! of liquors, and other information on the subject of a varied and interest- ing description.The Grand Jhry snbmitted two presentments in the General Sessions yesterday, which will be found in our report of the proceedings of the courtTRIPLE SHEET.• « w 1 •rk, Hutnnlajr, <IaUM S 3 , XB6Q.TUr New*.Tbe news from Baltimore i-> tbe absorbing topic10,043,321 18G0—estimated... 11,000,0002.398/. 92 4.944,479India at the time of the recent mutinies.of tbe da>.aeeUon yesterday are easily recapitulated. The proprietors of Sunday theatres in unmeasured majority report, admitting the bogiu Southera terms. The other paper alludes to an alleged Dongtan delegations", was adopted, and the South- abuse in the administration of the militia laws. ern StaU'*,led by Virginia and followed by Califor- Charles P.Thompson, who.was convicted oa Wed-nia and Oregon, bolted. The t*cedera wit!gooa nesday of perjury, was sent to the State prison forperceive,eitherb yo u rcorres-The procecdiugs of the Natioawl Coa-pauperism to the liquor traffic, and denounces thewhile the imports from China varied but littlewith their Convention at Richmond, while Douglas will be nominated at Baltimore.There is no donbt from present appearances but that there * ill be *ix taadidate* for the PresidencyThithree years. T h e particularssiscase will be found elsewhereo f thisinterestingtariff duties. Domestic goods form our staple of export in thL trade, and the protective tariff era. which began with the decade of 1830-'4O, marks the decline of export, consequent on factitiouslyof Newport, where a New York landlord who can keep a hotel—we refer to Mr. Kerner. of the Clarendon here and the Ocean House at New- port—hasstirreduptheoldfogieswonderfully.The new proprietor of the Atlantic House promises to carry out our idea, and if he does willfindhisaccount inrit,aqMr.Kernerhas. We intend to try to make the hotel keepers, particularly along the line of the Lakes, at Niagara and the White Mountains, do better. Those who treat their guests decently will have agoodsummerofit,astheopeningoftheVic-than ever before publicly aspired to that distin- guished Nation in tbe same campaign. Before the middle of next week we shall have: —B».«-li ret'uMirau Kortiirru .1«>t]K» r»<yIndcppwU-nJ «*(*nm»Taiy K.«l.<»»a! IniirtiJohnBroMii.I'MthtiotiMr. Smith waa nominated by an Auti Slaverycovered that tit* Coniiniaai'Wrshavp be**n appoiut- int; »e\eisl leading politioa.>» during the past four weeks, at the request cf Tburtow Weed; among 1hem Reth C.Haley, an ex-member of Congress f r o m t h e W e s t e r n p a r t o f t h e S t a t e . H i s d u t i e s a r e that of a clerk; but though having been appointed forl:enwve changes thus foreshadowed in our po- The ratification of the Mexican treaty m>nth< connection with her Plug Ugikss, Bloodtubs, and upon Christianlzfng tar• tlidraaradent of the Board, to invite the Japanese Embassy,nowtheillustriousguestsofthecity,toattendoneenthusiastic loveroftbebeautifulisstanding tureexertsovertbeweaker;andtherecanbe mentprice,conferringitsprovisionsmerelyt> by Table Rock for the first time. and. as he sees produced from tbe whole roll of history no mora lauds remaining after a public sale, and charg-The firstattributesthe prevalenceof crime andprominentones. It willb eobservedthat,intoxicating the amountliquors manu- exported a n drace, over all others, than these. But seco.id pointed, and after twelve meetings a compromiseonly to either must rank the reconqiu-t of bill was agreed upoQ. which has finally pas-edstanding in the midst of the ''wreck of matter hundred millions, including a vast army of well and the crush ofworlds," and demunding their trained Sepoys, armed and otherwise equipped,TheBaltimore 1onvcation—TerrificEx-thedestructionoftbeempireshehadbuiltup interestsofpoliticalparties. ITCongrejsL»tofor herself at the expense of dethroned moguls be thus made a constant vehicle for reaching ta* and princes. Nevertheless, that desperate strug- different interests involved in a Presiueatulplosion o f tbe Democratic Party.in the coming contest, more by one, we believe, The train has been fired, and this time the enhanced prices of cost at home. W e thus lostNEW YORK EEltALD. SATURDAY, JTJNE 2 3 , 18C0.-4RIPLE SHBBT.leans, with important despatches for the govern-Ik* ment. She brings no news of importance from sound the tocsin of disunion with the dissolu- eign policy, and less spending of the publicBafex hlevous. Their authors have rarely any ex- marine telegraph cable is now being laid be- pectation of carrying them through, but itfession.DuringhissojourninLondon,Mr.W.ortwoofsuchanadministrationwillresultinthfWUUT H*mij), Fisur Huiis o*iinlt>* mademanyinquiriestouchingtheprospectsofth,ethe organization o f a new party fully equal t othedutyofsavingtheUnionfouryearslonger, The results of these inquiries he sums up in the in a bold, united and irresistible movement forof theFashionableBeasoa—AEngland is wise in thus preparing far the exigencies of the future. She knows the dan- gers that menace her in that quarter of thepany) will accomplish nothing except making surveys. Wc *.hall never see Europe and America connected by telegraph via Greenland and Iceland.of I s in the Pending War.Now that the. fleets and armies of England and France are on their way to China, to re- trieve byforce ofarmsthedisastersoftheregard toConstantinople and her own empire, tier States of the Mississippi valley, and iaW n m n CARDER, Broa4«r»y oppotUe Bond street. - cessfully across tbe Atlantic, and I hope that you Peiho and the mistakes of their diplomacy, itOur correspondents at Niagara, the WhiteMountains, and elsewhere, tell, it will be seen,the same old story. Nothing could be moredesirable than the attractions which nature hasgiven to our summer resorts; nothing could be equally, if not more, extraordinary than the Northwest. It dealt prodigally with the publica large portion of our old export trade to China,whichwedidnotbegintorecover until 1857, when the new treaties began to exhibit Hi j»hen A. I>>ugU.». of UL interesting, exciting and revolutionary pro- their effects. The exports of 1859 show a total ceedings of yesterday in the Baltimore Conven- of $7,127,199, of which *4,23G,01G were articles of domestic, and $2,891,183 of foreign produc-tion.A bra torn I.ineobi, o f W.since their subjection, b u t more particularlyabout tbe time of the outbreak, had beentreated harshly and with open contempt by theBritishtroopsandotherresidentsinIndia,and,what is worse, then- religious prejudices hadnot been respected. They were ordered to rub for which they will probably sail about the.Sam Hnwtmi, of TP-":<*. John Be!l,«if Ti-nn.THK JAPA.VESI: AM> AMERICA* iKvevrroxs.— TbeNiagnrawillsoonbeincondition totake the Japanese Embassy to their native country,OerritSciitb,ofN.V.gvnpowder plot of Guy Fawkes has blown the Parliamentintoamassofruins. Wereferour readers to our copious reports o f the intenselygle of Nana Sahib and his million followers wasnot unprovoked. The native population, ever have but a sorry account of the public propertytion.Convention held a few weeks xince in Ronton, and concocted a year ago to control the Conven- year exhibits a large increase over that of the toria Bridge and tbe visit of the Prince of WalesIn Congress yesterday the Senate adopted a reso-lution providing that the Secretary of the Interior, New York, been admitted at Charleston, a less instead of the Superintendent of Printing, shall con- violent death to the party might have been tract for the erection or purchase of a building fora government printing office. The Post Route billwas di>ius^cd, and laid aside, a n d the House billsupposed adverse balance of .trade, which, how- Niagara is one of them. One cannot help smil- aware of, but they wanted to overcome that mixed cargo of American inventions, which wlU ever, we do not believe exists now, as w e have ing at the "improvements" contemplated at the prejudice of caste, and they insisted upon the be about as much freight as that ship can con- a large indirect trade with that country, car- Falls. "Two rooms" are to be added to one order being carried into execution, and this veniently cany. Tbe Japanese are an inquisi- ried on from other parts of the world.authorizing a loan o f $21,060,000, w a s taken u pand parsed. The Legislative, Executive and Judi-cial Appropriation bill was abto passed. The con- without difficulty. From that moment, casting sideration of the Post Route Mil v,as then resumed, off their disguises, the trouble in the tabernacle the question being on an amendment allowing the began.Postmaster General to provide for the transporta-With this vast and rapidly growing trade, itssafety becomes a matter of great importance to the river, a distance of as much as a hundred the army chaplains, had been endeavoring to manifests. During their visit here they have sup- the country. The general object of the allied yards! What stunning liberality! Montreal and convert them to Christianity by exposing the plied themselves with a variety of articles of expedition to China is well known; but the plan Quebec are full of quiet English taverns, to "errors" of the one religion and exalting the manufacture, and before they leave they willtion of the California mails. Mr. Wilson proposed as a substitute an entirely new system of overland mails, dispensing with the ocean service altogether. An animated debate ensued which continued till the adjournmentBut why it is that Richmond and his subordi- nates of the New York delegation did not fall back, after halting, at the critical juncture of the Convention yesterday, remains to be told. Rumors are abundant in the way of explanation- One has it that Richmond and the New YorkThe House passed the $21,000,000 loan bill by awotc of 68 to 77. The bill authorizes the PresidentBtany time within twelve months to borrow, oa with Douglas and the railroads of the North- the credit of the government, a stun not exceedingtwenty-one millions, or so mnch thereof as in hisopinion the emergencies of theservice may require, Illinois candidate were stronger than the claim?which certificates may be transferred on the books of the Treasury, under such regulations as may be established. No certificate iathe hero of the '-Beggar's Opera,'* between his two mistresses—Hon liajipy cou1-1 1be with either, Weret'otherdearcharmeraway.than the per diem.how many persons they had to provide for on the morning of each day, and govern themselves accordingly.ThisruleobtainsatalltheGerman watering places which have capital hotel?. Under such anarrangement a man with a thin pursefrom the sky of Delhi and Cawnpore, and be- fore many years have elapsed the world will, in all human probability, hear of a more dreadful calamity than has yet lent horror to the chroni- cles of Oriental warfare. It Is more than likely that this catastrophe will be has-V be for less than f1.000. Cor.pons maybeattachedtothecertificates,andassignedandtransferred by the delivery of the same, insteadofbeing traiisfeired on the books of the Treasury, suppose that they could have saved theDean Richmond, with his cunning devicesTheexporttradeofthepresent closingtion o f such a party. W e have some faith in time and money in political intrigue a n d fac-thegoodsenseoftheAmericanpeople.Iin- tiousquarrelsforoffice.Wecommendthein-tar.Theprogressofthisenterprise,whichiscolu may be our uext President; the wise, pru- dent and patriotic administration of Mr. Bucha- nan may b e followed b y a republican adminis- tration. We anticipate, however, that a monthtbe attention of the government, before a mas- sacre o f our countrymen there shall involve u s in the toils of Eastern diplomacy, and perhaps a Chinawar,Continent of Europe in her intercourse with that country, is being anxiously watched by the British government, a n d every means is being employed to hasten tbe completion of tbe work.The approachinundates Congress with measures more or leas cf this character. Thus, during the present ses- sion,wehavehadanewTariffbilltoconciliate PennsylvaniaandNewJersey,whkharecon- sidered tbe pivotal States in the Presidential canvass. Then we have had Pacific Railroad bills for four different routes, all of which are1821-30 1831-40 1841-50 1861-55 1856-593,574^1!' bis feet, is thrilled with wonder a n d a w e .1,274,002 bow provoking to be aroused from the1 JttfjDOX delicious dream by a request for theOffice fees. A Committee o f Conference was ap-Imports.$5,300,600 6,G19.3« 5,3!»2,073 9,957.372Exports.European civilization, and the Angle Saxon9,000,000 This table presents matter for deep reflection upon the influences that cause the prosperity or decay of foreign commerce, but we have Bpace only to touch upon a few of the mostboth houses. It opens for homesteads ooe-iulf It was little less than marvellous that Hin- tbe surveyed public lands not yet offered atWe cannotduring a period of thirty years to 1850, the pondence or frcm the local papers, that thereexports to that country present a remarkable is any desire on the part of the landlords tofluctuation. Tbe cause of this fluctuation may make the hotels any better than before. There .be found in our own fluctuating system of may be a single exception to make iu the ca*ebe will, doubtless, be endorsed by the grand pow- tion, has thus come to the ground. His thirty- previous one, and we believe that our estimatewowwhichistotakepbeeoverthegraveofOld fivevotes,securedfromhispackedconvention of$9,000,000willbeunderratherthanoverJohoBrown,atNorthElba,ontheFonrthofJuly atSyracuselastSeptember,havedonethebusi- thefact. Atthepastrateofincreaseourmer-next. ness. Had the Wood delegation, or even half chants will soon be free from the effect* of a torious for extortion as quickly as possible. grease. This the English officers were well vessel, for they will return laden with a perf.«ctof it, representing the national democracy ofachieved. Treacherously giving it out at Wash- ington, in advance of the Convention, that they were ready for any man acceptable to the South, the Dean Richmond set were admittedtive and highly imitative people, as the courseCentral railroad jobbers were so interwovenwest that the inducements to hold fast to thenumber of vessels, and the unadaptability to the service of those w e have ia the China seas.plenty to eat, such as it is. It is not Delmonico'snot owing to their lack of physical strength,tion—quite enough to make a gooi shipload.terestofsixpercent,andtheloanshallbereim- athalfprice,butthathewasoverruledbyhistheonlynationalvesselremainingWHS|1IPso miserable.to tbe Virginia springs, where the society issplendid, but the cooking is awful. "Our land-lords generally would find it to their profit to clouds of insurrection have not disappeared adopt the European table d'hote plan, ratherhighlyingeniouspeople,astherr*b-ht-d^ae already. They will form the material 1 '.aks to bind the two countries together, and when U»*-y are reproduce in Japan, as many of them w.il be, they will remain forever ac-oci.tted h to** minds of the people v.iih the E:ubas»y of l*vj to the United Mates, whlcb-served to cem -a: ta* commercial union ofthegreat F-M-taiJtae great Wet-t.bursed within a period not beyond twenty nor less associates a n d their less flexible ideas o f con- than ten years. The Secretary of the Treasury sistency. Between Douglas and Yancey, the *hall be authorized, with the consent of the Presi- Northern and the Southern vote. Richmond at dent, to cause certificates of stock to be prepared Baltimore has been in the delicate position of by the Register for tbe amount BO borrowed,And (he same remark will applybut a s a monster o f cruelty, deserving only o f execration.It is magnifying very much, however, the she will be disposable for general service.imitortance of theNewYork delegation toThesearegoodves-eisintheirway,butunfor-tunately they are too large for the shallow shorepart)-. Had the;, united with the South and river service, and we have not a singlefcesled proposals by advertisement are to be in- small steamer or gunboat, so necessary, in those may graduate bis bill to it, while the rich cus-TUK MIUTJA F;\t Ntiw.M .>. -Ia;v-t,i.\r PR* tened by endeavors to make the Hindoos SKMMLVI uv THK GKV.NUJVTM'. -W e h..e f."- converts to Christianity, for very strenuous qttcutlj called attention to tie Lmpositiou' prac-vited, and the moc t favorable offers by responsible upon the Southern platform, and a Southern -bidders »re to be accepted. No stock Is to be chosen candidate, the Douglas wing of seas.tomer spends twice as much as he would underattempts are being made to spread the Gospel ticed under tm- mllin.i law of this State, v.iu b in these parts b y many influential inodcU of ex- impose? certain fines upon person-* a -ij.^etu;?prineipp! and interest. The I^frwlarive, Execu- The seeds of corruption, demoralization and dis- vide, during the period of approaching hostili- will be ruined, as it has been at Nahant A t and elsewhere. These men are, of course, igno-forge tfuiness. allo\. th e time to pa^< b i aituo.'.paying the amount, or, a> is frequently th • c**ert witb foreigners, without lodging th-Mr pl * ofexemption. After a f e w weeks the.v m Ive a notification that at a r w t mirtla! convened by somebody, somewhere, and cornpo: -d of God knows whom, a tine wa- inflicted upon ta»ai for contumacy, which, with the fees, they wui have to pay by a certain date. Should the recu- stintf fail to attend to it they receive :» s**con*tive and Judicial Appropriation bill was jmssed. A number of private bill* were also passed.Ceogreas will no doubt finally adjourn on Mon- day. T h e Post Office Deficiency Appropriation bill and the Post Route bill are the only public measures now pending, except the Tariff, and that will g o over to UM next session among the unfinished business.By the arrival of the overland mail, we hive news from San Francisco, to the 1st Inst., and later aCvices from Oregon and Washington Territory. The only news of importance a the accounts of the Indian difficulties in \\\- tern Utah. Several skit•miahea had taken place between the whites andIndiana, and a general battle at Pyramid Lake.wtera the savages had assembled in large numbers,waa shortly expected. The most intense anxiety withdraw ing bis name as a candidate, in order be indiscriminate. It is but a short time sincewas felt a* to the result. The pony express which left St. Ixmisfor|gan Francisco on the flMhult. bad net reached its destination; tears were enter tained that it had been cat off by the Indians.to save the party. The report w a s doubtless a feeler, which it was discovered came too late. The lines of division and of revolt between the Douglas and anti-Douglas wings o f the Conven-the wives andShanghae were obliged to take shelter on board of British ships, during o n e o f these popular outbursts, in order to escape a rate worse thansemblyat Baltimore,knownastheDemocraticConvention, whose object is to select a persodto fill the higb office of Chief Magistrate of the Saxon race can never permanently flourish. republic, and one of whose avowed intentions itw as t o harmonize a quarreUing and disunitedparty, has presented within the past few days a region by promoting the cause of missionary dismalspectacleofrowdyismandindecency. societies,wbiehcannetVrbyanypossibilitydo Within that brief period scenes ofviolence and any good, but will most assuredly work a greatBy way of New Orleans we have advices from tion had becoBM too tightly drawn to be anyHnvaaetotaeBthmet. Thesugarmarketwai longerwithinthecontrolofMr.Doaglas. Heateedy, with a ttock of 340,000 boxes at Havana waa like the rjecromancer who had conjuredtipand Mntanaaa. Freights were Retire. Exchange B spirit from the infernal regions, but could n odeath itself.on New Ttafe l i to I f far cent premium.By the arrival off the schooner Hound at this port yesterday, we b w , received Aha o f Bermudabid him down again. Well, what of all this?personal encounter have been enacted there which, In point o f numbers and incidents, havedeal o f harm.The "Empress o f India,' a s Queea Victoriasolution yere sown broadcast overtheparty ties,fortheprotectionofCantonandShanghae, place> likeNiagara,where"people mustgo,we rantofthemischief theyareworking; theyateunder V an Buren"s administration, and his but that his resources would not permit him to shall see, perhaps, before many seasons, some-unconsciously sowing the storm to reap the whirlwind; y e t they esteem themselves, without' doubt, the most worthy of philanthropists in thus assisting to enlighten "the heathen "aud bring them to a knowledge of tbe truth as taught b y the Church o f England,crushing defeat in 1810 would have been thestation guard ships a t t h e other open ports. nice small hotels, kept b y foreigners, o n t h elast of the democracy but for the follies of the Consequently. Ningpo, Foochow, Amoy and plan adopted at Baden, Aix-la-Chapelle, Hom-triumphant wbig party. From the follies of the Swatow will be left for protection for some bourg and Kissingen. Saratoga would be justopposition, some n e w sensation, the almighty nigger, and the lucky accidents of the hour,the democracy, since 1836 a lean minority in the popular vote o f the Union, have managed, like a bankrupt, by the extension of his notes, to hold fast to the federal spoils, with only a failure or two. down to this day.time t o the casual visits o f two ships—the Hart-the place to try the experiment, and w e trustHere is an explosionSaginaw—theJohn Adamsbeingo fford a n ddoubtful seaworthiness. It is true that our postponed. Too many of our people have been government andourcitizensareonneutralor abroadandcuttheireyeteethtobemadethe friendly terms with the, Chinese; but all foreign-ers at the open ports are settled together, and inany sudden movement of the populace it willThere w as a report yesterday that M>. be quite impossible for them to distinguish, THE PLUG UOLTES OUTDOKE.—The political as*the t w o countries only tend to strengthen it; nottheleastimportantoftheseisthecH'nateof that portion of the Orient, in which the Anglo-Douglas bad sent n despatch to Dean Richmondand the destruction of life and property wouldo fIt is not unreasonable to expectchildreno u rcountrymen a tsimilarw here there will b e neither British nor Ameri- can ships tofly to.It is time that onr citizens and their interests abroad should not be compelled to rely forexigenciest oarisea tthe otherports,quarters for views of flie awful spectacle.whose hatred of the British was of the deadliest kind, and nearly all of whom were roused inu> open rebellion, should not have crushed the whole of the comparatively few white inhabit- ants there at the first step in the murderou \ march of fury and revenge.It was a hard fought battle, but a ploriuus triumph for England, when she quelled and routed the hordes of traitors that were plottingprivate entry, but it retains tbe charge of twen- ty-fixe cents per acre, and excludes all but beads of families. Pre-emptors now on the landc are to have their homr-te ,4s at sixty tiro and a half centn(half the former price), an! are to have ten years to pay it in.This modification of the House bill Lsan im- provement on the original measure, and will effect a saving to the country. The government lands are public domain, aud they ought not to be frittered away to promote the electioneeringother rowdy bauds, is as unenviable as it Isuniversal; but it was reserved for the delegatesto the Democratic Convention—the tiite o f t h ed e m o c r a c y - t o c a p t h e c l i m a x o f i n f a m y f o r t h < *Monumental City, and throw the rowd)tsmof our electioneering excitement* a*the influence the Plug Vgties into the shade. which they exercise orer our State and Coogressional legislation. Measures are introduced How Low* Will Engla nd RetaIn India?— which, in nine cases out of tea, have eithwgreat results, but, if we are not mistaken, she is destined to suffer equally great losses.The conquest of India by Clivt^was'an eventtheir own merits. The Homestead bill original- ly introduced in the House was a black repub- lican measure, intended to win support ia taecant forces, and the results in each case were sufficiently great to influence the destiny of na- tions.cents per acre to meet the expense of registra- tion. Todefeat this a bill was introduced ia the Senate excluding a l l but heads o f families,eternal quarter. W e would not be at allsurprised if the people of Niagaravillageshouldbefoundattheendofallthings dostan,withanativepopulationexceedingtwo publicsale,andallthelands nowsubjecttowill attract a great stream of travel northward.Wedesiretowarnthetravellingpublicbefore-hand,sothattheymaydotheplacesmostno- againstthecasteofthementotouchthat theyare»tobeconveyeddirectlyhomebythatvirtues of the other.quire. We fear that this is not likely to be the is better. The farmers are always w'tiling to to free themselves from the shackles and insults and probably even printing pres^s, not tomea- ca«e. for two reasons -an insufficiency in the entertain tourists, and give clean beds and by which they felt themselves degradedWAS tion knick-knackeries ofevery pos*ible descrip-cf the war and the scene of the conflict remain which the tourist should resort, avoiding thea secret, while th e dimensions which th e w a r fashionable hotels. A t the White Mountains the Now, there is nothing in this world that of-may take can be known only by future develope- hotels are dreadfully bad and shockingly dear. fends a Hindostanee, of whatever caste he m ay kee inventions and constructions. In addition ments. Our merchants, with their families and The landlords are all professors of religion, and be, more than interference with his religious to their own purchases of bijouterie and curiosi- their property, are established at all the treaty they practise it like the Pharisees, by making beliefs. The insurrection, therefore, that fol- ties of various kinds, they have been load-nl ports, and they should be cared for and pro- long prayers and mortifying the flesh of their lowed, was the natural result of these com- with presents by the manufacturers of all sorts tected to the full extent which the magnitude of customers. The mountains cannot b e done pro-, bined offences. of notions—sewing machines, guns and pistols, their interests' and the honor of the country re- perly in lc»s than a fortnight, and three weeks The unsuccessful issue of that tragic attempt wasting machines, plows, apple pearers, clocks,cuisine; but there is quite a difference between aAccording to our latest advices from Hong Mount Washington and a Broadway appetite. more competent leader than Nana Sahib proved All these articles will be viewed with woa-tobeusedintheredemptionofTreasurynotesnow oftheparty. Wepresume,however,thatRich- Kong, theGermantown.MississippiandPow- ManyNew Yorkers arekept away fromthe himselfto be,forhewillnowberemembered derandinterestinJapan,anddoubtlessman/ Outstanding. The stock shall is*ue bearing an in- mond himself would, in the crisis, have sold out hatan had been ordered o n other service, a n d White Mountains b y the fact that the hotels a r e not a s the intended emancipator o f his country, of them will find faithful iromitators a:u on 2 fa»;Hartford. T h e o ld sloop John Adams is e n her w ay out, and when last heard fromwas atmained for some time at Rio repairing. The Saginaw has left Pan Francisco for Hong Kong, and the Niagara is about to leave here for Jeddo withtheJapaneseEmbassy,afterlandingwhichThe storm, however, is still pending, theTableBay, afterhaving re-the per diem rule. One thing is certain: eitherIssuedforlessthanparvalue,forwhichthefaithoftheConventionwoulddoubtlesshavebolted TheBritishnavalcommandertherehasfor-thehotelkeepersmustchangetheirsystemtocellencewhoharanguethemostselectandtoserveorcommute.ThecouuuutatioJ'noa»;tbe United States ia pledged for the redemption of and i-epeated the revenge of V an Buren. mally notified our own of his intention to pro- suit the progress of the age, or their business sanctified of audiences assembled in Exeter Hall seventy-five cents, and many per-oo». tarougtiit willb edone quickly.I tcannotb e longThey could then tell exactlypassive victims of avaricious hotel keepers.It is almost inevitable that soouer or later,perhaps very soon, Great Britain must lose pos-session of India entirely and forever. Many of notice, stating that ii the fine and iV*.nv*her ow n most eminent statesmen are of this THE DisoRACKFiT, SCENTS A T BALTIMORE— opinion, and all tbe circumstances bearing uponswelled to nearly four dollar-, b - not paid by such a day, their property will be distrained f>r the amount. L'uder thi* threat large sums have been annuallylevied, theallocati-a ofwaicano one but the parties collecting them kaow» anything about.The Legislature has often been called ,«p>i to interfere In tbi^matter; but ha. ing failed to do so, it has at last been taken up in a quarter thatpromisesredress. TheGrandJuryhavej«*st made a presentment denouncing th^ p-*:e*d ings under this unconstitutional enactment «a a nuisance, and calling upon tbe courts to put»outdone Congress.fnl fights, attended with more or lees seriousthat country by sufferance, and there is no as to their legality, and enable peop> toast tothettthmat.TnoycontainaonewaofOfthedominantpartylathegeneralgovern- safetyuponthefleetsandofflcersofotherna-dangertothepartiesconcerned,havetakenknowingwhatanhourorayearmaybringuponsomethingmorecertainthantheiro*aTheLegfamtiveCoanea,manaddressin mentforthe last thirty-two roars. It came tions, Wearecapableofprotectingourselves. placebetweenthe delegates atBaltimoredur- forth. Thenativesofthe three provinces of uninformed judgment-.to a speech of tbe Govetnee.saj^-'It \s in upon the glory of the battle of New Orleans, if Congress will foe a time cease to take a poli- ing their short session. There was the Hooper•ritt great uUsaV Him that w e learn from your it goes oat, goes down, and goes to piece?, uponBengal, Bombay and Madras possess the powertical and adopt a national view of the require- and Ilindmanflghi; the Tost anbTBrannan fight; to sweep away from those territories the whole Tae GKEAT EASTUM PBosxayt o * HJ^C *'**"frithanotherpowerfulcountry,andlbsprobabUHy themiserableabstractionofsquatteraovereiga- OH•»ts*ofoutnatry. AUtilemorecommonsense, tbeWhiteleyand Townsendfight}theRandall fabric ofBritish*government inasingleday. ATLAST.—AlthoughattbelastadvicesitWA«aotglutanamicablesettlementbetweenherMajesty'sly.Theeventmarksanew-epoch,anewde-too,mightbeemployedinil>edistributionof andMontgomeryfight,andtheClancyandLud-ThereforeitbehovesEnglandtoactcautiously.positivelydetermined»bothertheGreatEaster*UnitedStateswillsoon fBBture.aneworderofthings,inour political what navynehave. Theoverbearingconduct low fight. In most ofthese casesblowswere Weareinfluenced bynoungenerous,noun- would"sailforNewYorkoathe20thinst.(Wed-of variance ftof ••hm. For good or evil, it is the most momen- of a private company makes necessary the mRkt- given, blood drawn, and deadly weapons ex- kind motives In thus speaking. W e should be nesday last), or on the 23d (to-day), yet it ap-occupied their tous event in our political history since the tenaitce of a number of vessels in the barbersof hibited. When the tongues of the delegates had sorry to see any such disaster occur as that upon the questions coaaected with VaaV tret cleotkm of Jefferson. What ia to follow? Aspinwal! and Panama, at a cost of a million exhausted the vocabulary of opprobrious epi- which w e have just named; but w e forewarnThe triumph of tbe republicans^-the election of of dollars a year to onr government, when a thets and vile language, they resorted to the fist her of the tempest which threatens to wre*t ' The Police CoaRmteioners, at their meeting yea- Lincoln, a republican Congress, a republican a little common sense in diplomacy would and tbe pistol, covering themselves with blood from her grasp those Eastern dominions whichpeared a matter of certainty that her sUrtlw would not, under any circumstance?, be delayed beyond thi* day. Ia either event, then, we ma/ safely calculate that s!i? will be fairly oa her w»y to-d»j be idLig towards the$e shore*, to dl*pi*fterdjej, appointed H. A. Bewlam telegraph opera- administration- and what then? T h e imagina- Untitled Documentsettle every pending question with New Grana-and blackguardism- .The reputation which Baltimore enjoysgive her rank La the scale o f nations.It will be well, also, if those who are best ber gigantic fonr. to liov^waJU of aaxlow aadN o less than five disgrace-has officially proclaimed herself, only rules in stop to them. Thi* will elicit a judici u opinio*acertaingreaseontheircarbines,andItwas FourthofJuly,andweesteemitfortunatethatavern, and the proprietors have generously was the immediate cause of the revolt. More-constructed a plank road from their house to over, English missionaries, as well as some of of their representatives now in this countrybut to the want of a proper organization, and aNotwithstanding, there is no reason why Eng- land should hasten her own fall i n that distantCAMPAIGRB I L L . — O n e o f t h e g r e a t e s t c v i b . c o n n e c t e d w i t bo feveryPresidentialelectionTexas and the Pacific States. The Tcauaa-each been supported more with a view ucanvass,itfaevident that by-and-by weshallentrusted to its charge.doubtless have accumulated a vast amount of these things, comprising every variety of Yan-__ tor, to be detaaed at beedqparter*. It wa? alio dis-tion vainly endesvors to compss? th* compre-dft, ond set those ships free for other service.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 