 8NBW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, MAY 29, IfiflO.-TRlPLB SHMff.NEW YORK HERALD.JAMESDOIDOSBBIIBTT, UHXOS JJfD PROnmOK.M. v. cosarsm or HASSAU AMD FULTON emThe reMgutlon of Sergeant Cast, of the Fint pre- | plan previously agreed upon with the popularthe important cities of San Luis Potosi and next November as the French were at Water- from a Canadian paper eorapU'.Blng wofclly Guanajuato, Is supposed to be marching on the loo. We are strongly impressed with the idea thai the pons ia the British Provinces are seed capital with his victorious forces. Mejia, one that the democratic leaders, North aad South, by many immigrants only as temporary restisg of the Indian Generals of the church party, will be forced to choose between settling their placet; that mast of those who land there pise held the city of Queretaro, which lies in the personal quarrels or giving up the spoils to the | on into United States territory and settle ia the line of march for Uraga, and Miramon, having black republicans, and that they will take, far West It alleges as a reason for this that1>A*OA*. B u i a w n i , AsI MH,ooa»sn or THiantaxTH STRUT ARD FOCBTH born and premature births, 56 of diseases of theAVI*01 ^iurt*ai • tfaaioasi*TRIPLE SHEET.Maw Y ork. T«os<savr« SEay »*. WOO.MAULS TOR HT&OPK*"*• Haw Torsi HaraM-KAUIOB for l a w f i .flw Ooaard mail steamship Europa. Capt. Leitch, will loave Bostoa on Wednesday, for Liverpoolstomach, bowels and other digestive organs, 44 of general fevers, 1 of disease of the urinary organs, 1 unknown, and 22 from violent causes. The na- tivity table gives 288 natives of the United States, 8'i of Ireland, 27 of Germany, 8 of England, and the balance of various foreign countries.Tbe foreign news received by the iteamer Piteatioo uau a tendency to check sales of eoUon yesterday and to reaier prices iees buoyant The transicUoas werecon- aaea to about MO bales, at quotations given in another ouumn, which are the same as those previously reported. Four was withnit important change in prices, while theNaples bad applied for foreign intervention. A se. cond expedition, to reinforce Garibaldi, six thou- sand strong, was fitting out in Sardinia.leagues from Palermo. This town stands at the foot of a lofty conical mountain, forming a spur of the great ridge which intersects the island from east to west, and has a small harbor. In order, probably, to avoid passing Palermo,The Bayers and Heenan prize fight has been ad-justed by the principals. Each is to have a cham-pion's belt presented to him, while the original and to escape the Neapolitan cruisers whichbelt is to remain in the possession of the referee. might naturally be expected to keep Theodore Parker, the Boston abolitionist, died atFlorence on the 10th. We publish a sketch of the a sharp lookout in the neighborhood of the deceased in another column. insurgents' headquarters, as well as along theAt London the disturbed state of affairs on the northern line of the coast, it appears that theexpedition under Garibaldi steered due south, and effected a landing at Marsala, the extreme western point of the island. This place, famousThe steamship Pocahontas, from Vera Cruz thelGth inat, arrived in New Orleans on the 23d. Her is a small fortified seaport, enclosed by bas-news ia important Uraga, with a considerable force, some 6,000 or 7,000 men, was advancing on the capital Miramon had collected all bis availa- ble forces, and on the 10th marched out to meet him. The next news will in all probability bring us tidings of a great battle between the contending parties. The forces on each Bide ate about equal, but the liberate are said to have a more numerous artillery. Miramon had with him, as prisoner, Pre- sident Zuloaga. Zuloaga issued, a few days pre- viously, a decree, depriving Miramon of his post as President substitute, whereupon that personage had him seized and imprisoned, and on his departure from the capital forced him to accompany the army, obliging him, as some accounts state, to march in his conrt dress. Gen. La Vega has not been executed, as had been previously stated, bat was a prisoner at San Luis Potoai, in the hands ofContinent had caused a decline in consols, while at Liverpool cotton was dull, and provisions and breadatuffs were quietGabriac, the French Minister, left the city of Mexicoon the 8th. and was at Jalapa at the latest accounts,waiting for means to reach the coast He is saidto have made quite a fcrtane during hi* residence inthe coo&try. The Traxt d' Cnxon of Vera Cruz has the pro,~rv-° made by Garibaldi after making been stopped for want of printers. We have re good bis ui.'ling. Some assert that he had ceived letters and additional ales of Mexican papersdren, and has inspired their love as well astheir respect and veneration; and he can atthis day traverse his kingdom from one boun-dary to the other, not only unattended and un-armed, but unharmed, for there is not a peasantbut would fly to his succor should he need pro-bv the schooner Erilitante, also arrived at New Or- leans.The Atlantic Royal Mail Steamship Navigation Company's steamer Brazil will safl from St. Johns, Newfoundland, for Gal ray, on or about the even- ing of the 29th inat, and messages left with Mr.George Stoker, European telegraphic commercial agent, No. 7 Broad street, up to four P. M. this day, will be promptly forwarded there, and imme- diately upon the arrival of the steamer at Galway telegraphed to any part of the Continent of Eu- rope. Messages thus sent through Mr. Stoker'staken several strong positions in the island, whilst others state that he was advancing on Palermo. All this we believe to be mere con- jecture; for it is not likely that he would risk an immediate movement in that direction until he had gtven time for reinforcements to cometection.How different at Rome ! There the Papal ver. When the Philadelphia nomination ofagency, will, without doubt, reach any part of the cause, and the hatred of their compatriots. If Continent In aboat six or seven days after leaving their hearts had been embarked in their pre- St. Johns. Telegraphic messages from New York sent service they would long since have made and New Orleans were delivered in London, Liver-pool, Havre and Paris within seven days, on a re- small account of the Sicilian insurgents, whoand bear the burdens, as under the ancient but at neither of these places has the scene inPharaohs; but the day is past when Christian the Wigwam been approximated. The speechesmen will unyieldingly bear the agonizing tor- of Cameron and the Blalrs are singularly cold,Merchants Mechanics Murines Miners Engineers Clergymen Farmers Clerks Butchers BakershPhysicians and ssr-cent voyage of the Prince AlbertfromSt Johns to Galway. *are not remarkable for bravery or endurance in the field.836 Seamstresses and 9,510 millinerscinct, Brooklyn, was received and accepted, and a vote of thanks returned to boat crew No. 2, Harbor Police, for their efficiencv in arresting the muti- neers on board the shi, Wm. P. Storer. Wax. Hal* vey was appointed Assistant Clerk.Congress waa engaged yeaterday to debaterThe Senate discussed the Post Office DeficiencyAppropriation b(U, aad the House the Pacific Rail-leader*, and which no doubt dictated bis dis- embarkation s i this point—namely, advance upon Palermo by the Saleosi road, whitat the main body of the insurgents, leaving Cefalu about the same time, and moving along the shore road, will attack the city on the northern side. The distance either way does not ex- ceed fifty miles, and as the mountains tnterventhough not without a great deal of bickering,the facilities for travel are ao muca greater iaroad bul The report of the Comaaittoe of Con-TBM WtMKir BtHALD mefy Satmr*^. mt im omitjm ference on the disagreeing amendments to the ing between the two camps are in the posses-Before the reactionary leader left the capi- party organisation received at Charleston will tal, one of those curious episodes occurred paralyze it altogether.which have become so frequent in Mexicanpolitics. Zuloaga, in whose name Mi-way here, which is doubtless quite trueTM«ProsMosUaas ih«T,um+rrj Caarga* oT the Corodc CosaaalttM.ofMiMMarcvni >*y«r« M I lo'jw»port</Qrml BrUmin, or attoany•«••< </ C*« OdrtlMnl M* to fedwi* Mtwt; (At tk^fa—to fiWw «w U*l«A,.*ilwAV «K*turn* at dx emM per rmpy or $1 SOfuv tirnmiw.Military Acadeuyb Iwasadoptedbybothhouae*.Inthe Courtof General Sessions yesterday, thesion of the liberals, there will be no diflculty in keeping up their communicationa all thewhile.It would appear from the latest accounts thatthe announcement of Garibaldi's landing had thrown both Palermo and Meesina into such a state of ferment that the royal troops had the greatest difficulty in repressing popular mani- festations. An insurrectionary movement waa said to have broken oat in Calabria, and to thk point it w u probable that the second part of the expeditionary force, under Garibaldi's lieutenant, Medloi, would be directed. It was stated that owing to the diplomatic pressure brought to bear upon i t the government at Turinhaddecidedtopreventthedeparture of this fresh batch of volunteers from Genoa; but we hardly think that it would venture upon such a step. The enthusiasm excised by this second crusade in the cause of Italian liberty was too marked to be trifled with byVWmrAMlL t BJUUUf <m Wamtmimt, at /MP mm SW case of Btefhen Kennedy, charged with the homi-"VaZlirfAMY COUMMPOWDMirCM, niiimi*ni<iNHir—f cide of William Cbnrch hi January last, was MH. »*t-0«d from any <pmri*r o/ (he oorU; (f Molt WOl MI brought up, bu\ owing to the absence of the Mhr«%faM /kr- SW o«a Foaoiaa CoaaasroKDoaVB aaar i n i M U M i M n m to S*AI i u Lamas **» Turn defendant's counsel, was deferred. Kennedy, it willClaims of Oar Cltlxeua oa Peru-Actlou bjr alto Oovorameat.ramon acts as " President Substitute," is- sued a decree deposing Miramon, and re- assuming the Presidency. This young General, instead of obeying the decree, caused Zuloaga to be brought to the palace by the chief of police, and, when he left the capital to join the army in the field, took the would-be Presidentwith him as a prisoner in his train.dent illustrates the state of discord existing between the army and the church, which are ostensibly acting together in the struggle againsttheconstitutional government The proposed conduct* to be sent from Mexico to Vera Cruz had failed, evidently from a want of confidence, which prevented the merchants from entrusting the authorities in the capital with their funds.Tue Prealdeutlol Election—Proaeat Aspect of the Caavaw.The condition of the public mind at the pre- sent moment so far as the political questions of the day are concerned, presents a singular anomaly. Events, which are yet fresh in the recollection of every one, indicated, previous to the Charleston Convention, that the Presi- dential canvass of 1860 would be hotly con- tested, and that the people, apart from the po- liticians, would enter upon the fight with uau sual ardor.There are as yet, however, no signs of ex- traordinary excitement even among the poli- ticians, while the masses have made no sort of response to the nominations of either Mr. Lin- coln or Mr. Bell. The Charleston Conven- tion was broken up through the quarrels aad selfish strifes of the rival leaders of the party. It was easy for the masses to see that no ques- tion of principle divided the Northern and Southern delegates. The fight about the plat- form, like the Senate debate on the Davis resolutions, was all for buncombe. A.- Mr. Slidell says in his letter, which we print elsewhere, the delegates from States which under no circumstances could be expected to give the candidate an electo- ral vote attempted to control the action of the Convention, whereupon the delegates from eight sure democratic States retired from the body, "in the hope that reflection would in- duce the majority to retrace their steps." Then the majority fell to fighting amongst themselves, and, in order to avoid absolute dissolution, ad- journed to Baltimore. The seceders have called a meeting at Richmond, and the masses of the party, apprehending that there might be two democratic candidates in the field, became dis-captured the most important places in Sicily, Arabia places us in possession of a week's passed the House to raise the grade from Minis- all interest in the matter. Mr. Slidell's letter except Meesina and Palermo, and he was later intelligence regarding the movements of ter Resident to a full Minister at the Court of shows that the South is wilting to listen to theOn Friday we published the testimony ef B- wood Fisher before the Covode Committee, ia to the steam frigate Wyoming to proceed at which he stated, in reference to the Sloe coe-lib iroTJCM i4O vTliTJsiMKirfs 'rm^td mtrf day, mhrnUrnmrmi m Uu « * u i HMAL*. r*jiu.r u a i l f <uvi i» t"j^MJr^^m*m <^sa^ sr*ass*tfBS^aatm XffasnVssuberememterei, was Indicted for kiulng Church with a cart rung, daring a street afray on the 2d of January last, at the corner of Jane and Washing-We learn that the government has sent ordersonce to Lima end sustain our Minister, Mr. Clay, tractwith Mexico for the construction of a/bi7jUJTWJr<T, ^ •' ••*• arfA MiteM ckmpwm <md de- ton streets. The trial of James Sheppard, charged with wife murder and arson, is act down for to-day. A panel of 300 jurors has been summoned. Thia wUl be the third trial of Sheppard on the aboveThis inci-presented by American citizens against thatrepublic.In delaying action until the present timethe Isthmus of Tehuantepec, that "the diplo- matic functions of the United Slates govora- ment abroad and the Post Office Departmemt at home were prostituted for the purpose efI M*«aYlMS*l WaJJLACaWVasUTBa.SioiSWJ-unaa i » n THBATBB. CM TV*m>-imr* Ms F I T ! S B U J I M .MtBT, »t*-rT.-l« er tt» Cowows-Fi•A siren's AUAIUAK MUSSUM. *?«nj- Day aaaPeruvian government, Mr. Buchanan hasr-ttnn ^B«.ijc» o» ma PBAIBU—PAOuaa-ruraaAccording to the City Inspector's report there Victor Emanuel and his advisers. Wert theyclosely to the limit where that quality ceases to be a virtue. At the same time Peru has pur- sued an unjustifiable and indecorous course. It is generally known that before Mr. Osma, the late Peruvian Minister at Washington, left that citv, he took legal counsel there as to the beet method of defeating the American claimants, aid was advised that as Congress was not dis- posed to support Mr. Buchanan's administration, Peru need fear no effective demand on the part of this government, the executive having au- thority only to make diplomatic or paper de mands.This was reported by Senor Osma to his government, and on it that of Peru acted. Mr. Clay obtained infoimation of the fact, and communicated it to the Department of State, and the present Peruvian Minister at Washing- ton has found the greatest difficulty in his mis- sion to explain away this indecorous proceed- ing. But. though wishing to explain matters* the Peruvian government has shown no dispo- sition to do justice, but has rather sought, by every subterfuge, to create delay in the settle- ment of claims which it knows it must admit, if brought to the pointThe principal claims are those of the owners of the ships Georgiana aad Lizzie Thompson, unjustifiably confiscated by Peru, in 1858, and which are now used as transport ships by that government; that of the owners of the whale sbip Wm. Lee, for damages and expenses in- curred through a frivolous and unjustifiable de- tention for a long time by the Peruvian autho- rities at Tumbes; those of Edmund Sartori and Dr. Easton, for outrages committed by Presi- dent Castilla in 1858 and 1854 respectively, and several minor claims of an equally just character. In addition to these, there is theport of his testimony, the witness refers U 4 letter of instructifDs to Mr. Forsyth, Minister to Mexico, in July, 1857, written, as he allegst, by Mr. Buchanan, but signed by General CMS. This letter we publish complete in soother column, and It will be seen that Fisher is flatly contradicted by the very evidence to which ke has appealed to sustain his testimony. From this document the following facts appear -By a clause of the agreement it was stipulates by Sloo A Co., as a guarantee for the fuintuHot of their contract made in 1853, thitthe/shju i deposit in the Mexican treasury the sum of $600,000— half of it imaieduieij, *u»i ut« remainder in monthly iasulm^u « $50,000 each. Sloo A Co. faued to in ul this stipulation, when an arrangement was made by which Mr. F^lconnet. a Brv.i»a subject resideut in Mexico, should aovaace Udsum of $000,000 to the Mexican treasury mU take billfc drawn oa the hou«e of Sloo. Tin grant was mortgaged for the payment. Ia case of failure of the payment of th« bills UH grant or contract was to be transfer:ea to Fs.- coanet The bills were protested and were never paid. Falconnet applied repeatedly u the Mexican government to acknowledge hia as the rightful owner, but could receive a > answer. He then, with a view of recovering his money, made a legal cession of his grant o Mr. Hargous. of New Yurk. u! whica he ap. priced the Mexican government in 1853; but that government took no notice of his comma- nication at that time, nor of subsequent com- munications, till the British Chargl d'Affairet, in April, 1856, extorted an answer, which w%* to the effect that the government wou:d recognise Falconnet, but not Uargous. Tue British Charge" insisted in vain oa the recogni- tion of Hargous, and Falconnet, thus depriveswere 422 deaths in the city during the past week, an increase of 20 as compared with the mortality of the week previous, and 56 more than occurred during the corresponding week last year. The re-SISLOt SALOOS, Braoswav.-Oae. Ciaim'i V»- capitulation table gives 3 deaths of diseases of them M ui Baoaa, DAJKMS, Bcauaana, Ac.—J **K A » Ha bones, joints, Ac, 68 of the brain and nerves, 4 of Mas KITto resort to force for the purpose of detaining Medici's little squadron, there would, in all probability, be a revolt amongst the govern- ment troops, followed, perhaps, by political troubles, which all Count Cavour's diplomacy might fail to arrange.As might be expected, the news ofdi's successful disembarkation had also occa- sioned the greatest excitement amongst the people of Naples, and corresponding alarm among3t the court party. To such an extent were the latter panic stricken that it is stated the royal family were packing up their jewels and valuables, and preparing for flight This was what was counted upon by those generous friends of the Sicilian cause who furnished the funds for Garibaldi's expedition. It was felt that if there was a spark of patriotism in the Neapolitan heart, the summons to arms of themrRTRSLH, Maiaaal-' HaU. ffJ BMasS B T 1 V W•ij-tnuMiM. SOMA, eaoeoi, on. aaama ATPKAUMS(•annual. COHCIBT 8A.LOON, SattaMl Thaatra.-the generative organs, 26 of the heart and blood vessels, 135 of the lunga, throat, Ac., 3 of old age, 74 of diseases of the skin and eruptive fevers, 7 still-Garibal-charge.The majority of the Excise Commissioners con-tinue their daily sessions without intermission, ex cept on Sunday. Yesterday they granted another ha'tdozenofthirtydollarlicenses.The Circuit Court yesterday heard argnment en the motion of counsel in the case of Albert W. Hicks, alias Johnson, convicted of piracy on beard the ojster sloop E. A. Johnson, for anasretto' judgment, and reserved its decision.on these claims, in view of the"dilatoryand unjustifiable course pursued by the wresting a valuable contract from one set aflb* i m p M i mails will okwa la Uua dtf thia af- local demand, with some inquiry for export, led to a fair heroic champion of Italian liberty would meetlarwMa at balf-paM one o dock, lo fo by railroad, aad amount or aates. Wheat, though somewhat le* bu.>jaot. at aalT paat four o'clock, to r* or •teamboai. was without important change. The chief demand was Th* KxraoraAj b m o i ov m Bauu> «U1 ba jmbUahed for export The receipts of corn continued it bt> iar<e, and the market heavy, while the sales were fair, including parcels tor export Pork was heavy and lower, with sales of new mess at $1" sJ5 » $17 87 %. and new prime at $13an immediate aud enthusiastic response. It required, in fact, but the power of such a name and such a presence to impart cohesion and energy to the scattered elements of Sicilian nationality. That unfortunate people had beenat ton o'okx* la Ua awiaitu 8h»j* oooisa, ta wrappan,raoei^adl ar aaait aad talagraph at 62 V Sugars were tteady at Saturday 'a qun&u JOB, bin held in chains so long, and had suffered soaad cp to tbabow of leea active; the sales em braced 625 hhds , 70 DOX-H AQ I much by internal treachery, that they had 242 hnds. meiado. Coffee waa steady, with sales of About begun to despair of their own power to eman-T h eBy the arriyal of the Palestine in the river St.Uwrence, and the Arabia at Halifax, yesterday, we have European advices to the 20th but, one week later than the accounts previously received. The news is highly interesting.1,800 bags Rio, 160 do. LsguAyra and 76 bags lUraciibo, cipate themselves. It now remains to be seen at rates given in another oolumi Freights were activeand rates for grain were firm. The engagements of corn whether they will prove worthy of the disinte-N c w a .1,800 bbls flour At 2s. 3d. Two Teasels, to load with com, Garibaldi had landed at Marsala, in Sicily, where for Cork and a market, were taken up, at 9d. in shippers'settlement made in 1852, between Mr of his money, claimed to be the owner. Nut-and wheat yesterday, to Liverpool, amounted to about10.0C0 bushels, chiefly the former, at 8J a 8 '4d , in bu.kand hi bags, with some wheat In ship's bags at *vi., *cd triot Garibaldi, are exhibiting in their behalf-DIPLOMATIC PaOMoriONs IN ITALY.—Gen. & J. Mallett, Consular Agent, was nominated on steamers were attacked by a Neapolitan naval Important from Sletly—Successful Laud- Wednesday last full Consul General at Flo-Everett, while Secretary of State, and Senor Oema, then Peruvian Minister at Washington, of the Lobos Island question and claims. The stipulations of this agreementhe encountered the Neapolitan troops. His two bags. force, and one ot them sunk and the other cap-tured. The latest accounts state that Garibaldi hadwithstanding the default in the payment of tea bills. Sloo and his partners organized a com- pany, under the laws of Louisiana, by wsicfe Sloo was to have 50,000 of the 100 00*moving on the last mentioned city. Naples Garibaldi At the date of the last advices fromwas to a state of panic at the report of Sicily it will be remembered that the insur- Garibaldi's progress. There were indications of aSardinia.While these promotions are most agreeablevoice of reason. He thinks that the Louisiana delegates ought to meet at Richmond and ad- journ over to a day subsequent to that fixed for the Convention at Baltimore. That means that the South is reafiy, nay, anxious, to come back to the fold in case they can do so withhonor .Mr. Slidell's testimony is interesting inanother point of view. He does not consider that the real issue between the republicans and the democracy is presented by the nomination of Mr. Lincoln with as much force as it would have been by the choice of Mr. Seward. The election of the former, espe- cially if brought about by any divisions in the democratic party, would not be considered as absolute a test of Northern sentiment as that of Mr. Seward. We presume that Mr. Slidell means to say that the South would not consider the election of Lincoln as sufficient cause for the dissolution of the Union. Thus it will be seen that the effect of the demoralization of the democratic party North, through the corrup-the part of Peru, which have voided both the spirit and letter of the arrangement and in con- sequence a claim is now made on our govern- ment by the parties, and a special committee of the Senate has reported favorably thereon. It is time that the United States government took such a stand towards that of Peru as will secure justice to our citizens, and preserve the dignity of the American name abroad.Peru proposes to submit some of these claims to an arbiter, which is the worst principle that can be adopted for the settlement of the claims of citizens against a government, or of one government against another, inasmuch as it always results either in a rejection of the claims entirely, or, where the case is too flagrant to admit of this, a splitting of the difference' which is seldom satisfactory to either party, The President should demand at once, in view of the unjustifiable course Peru has pursued, that a joint commission shall be appointed to ascertain the facts and award a decision inbonus for obtaining the contractBy the agreement with Mexico, the contract- ors were bound to construct a plank road, ia anticipation of the completion of the railroad, and by the 14th article it was provided "that the contractors should incur the penalty of losing the expenditure already made, the materialsand tools In the Mexican territory, and the rights conceded to them by the contract, if they did not commence and finish the wheel road, and if they did not commence the railroad vnta- in the stipulated time." The company violated this engagement and forfeited the contract They have not commenced, to this day. the construction of the plank road.It was pretended that the Mexican govern- ment had waived the stipulation ar to the piaak road; bat General Cass says there is no evi- dence of this, and besides, that it could not be waived without the consent of our government, which acquired an interest in both the piaakgeneral insurrection, and the royal family were gents were strongly entrenched at Cefalu, on and complimentary to the incumbents In office,preparing for flight It is stated that the King of the north coast of the island, aboat fifteenthey must be welcome and most flattering to the Italian people; because it indicates the na- tional interest and generous sympathy of the United States for a people wBo have so nobly struggled to establish more liberal institutions; and we will be gratified to announce a like ex- pression of feeling from our government to- wards other Powers in Europe for a like cause.It is an axiom in political economy that where governments look to the happiness and ] well being of the people, they can look with confidence for loyalty from the people and sub-serviency to the laws.France and Sardinia are striking illustrationsof the wisdom and humanity of a liberal policy to their subjects. The rateable property in France has more than doubled since the acces- sion of Napolen III., and every city and village in the empire, and every branch of national In- dustry and commercial enterprise, and every agricultural district, is teeming with prosperi- ty under the indefatigable sagacity of the French Emperor. ,Now, cross the Alps into Sardinia, and the traveller who passed through that country ton to twelve years ago need not be told of a con- tented peasantry, and of national enterprise and improvements; for while the one stands out in bold relief at every mile, the other is wafted by the breeze from the plain to the mountains by the merry songs of a joyfulthe liberals, suffering from a severe wound.Another forced loan had been decreed by Miramontwo day* before leaving the capital. Viscount de from Genoa we hear no account She either ple has been like that of a father to his chil-for the wine which its neighborhood produces.tioned walls. Its ancient harbor was in 1580filled op by Don John of Austria, to prevent itsaffording shelter to pirates, and the new port,which lies about a mile south of it, only admits vesselsofsmalldraft HereGaribaldisucceededin disembarking upwards of a thousand of hismen, with their fall complement of arms and ammunition. Ia effecting the landing, how-ever, he lost his two steamers, the Lombardsand the Piedmonte, one of which was capturedand the other sunk by the enemy. It is proba-ble that he would have sustained a heavy lossin men but for the interference of the Britishwar vessels on the coast, which interposed forthe protection of the English residents, and prevented the Neapolitan frigates from con- people. tinuing the bombardment Of the third steamerevery case pending between the two countries road and railroad by* treaty, in Decern herwhich sailed with a portion of the volunteers The behavior of Victor Emanuel to his peo-did not come up in time or was directed to land ^ t quota of men at some other point.ThrT*' were a variety of rumors afloat as toto his aid. It is true that once on terra Naples would totter to its fall, were it not sup-1S56 224.496 1858 1&57 271,982 1859The following table, containing the occupa- tions of the different parties who landed in this country during the past year, will give a good idea of the kind of elements which the Old World contributes to advance the progress and civilization of the New:—Jirwa no odds could be counted against such a fearless leader as the Hero of Varese and his devoted cacriatori. Besides, the royal troops, though well disciplined, are more or less demoralized by the consciousness of a badported by the bayonets of mercenary Swiss and other foreign soldiers.The subjects of heathen monarchs may be144,906155,509 down steamboat men, disappointed politiciansThe Board of Aldermen yesterday adopted a The great fact for as, amid so many specula- policy of France and Sardinia, we would have of the State, and we have yet to hear of thenubaejiia authorising the Brooklyn ferry Com tive rumors, is that the Piedmontese force, with to chronicle no more popular insurrections and141 45 38 Teachers. 86 46 Printers 8Actors and ac-2*3 tresses166 Servants 1,28140 Other occupations 609 62 Not stated. 77,619 97P*°y »<> purchase the lease of the Peck Slip ferry, * M t o r q too» said farrj to aad from Fulton street."mighty uprising of the West" which was to follow Lincoln's nomination.Theits heroic leader, has effected a safe landing, sanguinary revolutions. But the bail is inand is now amongst the Sicilians. Their motion; and if there is not a change of policypresence will at once infuse spirit and there will be a change of government; for the In spite of all this apathy, however, the re-\geonsLawyers Masons. Manufacturers Artiste54*•$»* exhibiting theenergy into the hearts of the wavering, and uprising of a downtrodden people wUl make preientel andre- wUl swell the ranks of the insurgents by thou- hired soldiers quafl, and cruel monarchs flypublicans, if the democracy do not make gooduse of tie advantage given to them by thequarrels of the leaders at Chicago, may win. . . .l i' *•* • TM » ^ i - v f t i i «Hf for the year endW« give the report elsewhere. • _^rcetved from the Corporation Coawsnu ragard'tosands of the small proprietors Tfho have hith- The handwriting is on the wall—"mene, mene, er*o been restrained from joiaiog them by tekel, upharsin."the day. The race is not always to the swift, Laborersrestedness and self-devotion which their Pied-montese brethren, headed by the glorious pa-lug or Garibaldi.The arrival of the steamers Palestine and the Senate concurred in the bill which had gusted at the stupidity of their leaders, aad lostrence, in Central Italy, and on the following dayhand which grasps the sceptre would be speedi- ly compelled to let go its hold, but for the presence of French troops who are garrisoned in the Holy City; and the trembling throne of1856 was carried on the wings of the lightning all over the country, the North responded with a cheer which was continuous all the way from the Aroostook to the Mississippi, from the Cana- das to Mason and Dixon's line. Old and young, men, women and children, went into the can- vass with high hopes, stout hearts and willing hands. Now what is the state of the case? We have accounts of ratification meetings at vari- ous points—Boston, Harrisburg and St. Louis—forcedfor centuriesmore to wear the/ o k etures of a tyrant or submit to be crushed by the iron heel of a despotIf Austria, Naples, Rome and other Imperial Powers would imitate the wise and humanewhile in this State the Seward men act as if they desired to encompass Lincoln's defeat The fire kindled at Chicago seems to have been extinguished before it bad crossed the frontier12,495 Millers 13,092 Tailors37 137the powers of Ald^r»»e«,«a*tas;t»«t each AI<J« motives of prudence. This will furnish them Tan Nxws FROM MaxHX)--CkrBiorJs PBOCMD- democracy split at Baltimore, rails may take a predict that the Immigration for this year will was made, have pat a tariff on United Statesman* an ex-ofBcio Justice of the I**** T h , with the money indsnpplies necessary to carry rxos or MIBAMOX.—We publish to-day tail and far exceed any of those above quoted, for there articles not included therein; and it is nrged 0 1 sudden rise, and Lincoln stock improve won-Ch Miami in vera also in session yeaterday. m ^ 5 ? **"*•%»» *** to counteract the induce- interesting particulars, from our ootrespon- derfully. On the other hand, if the scattered is a general exodus already setting in, not that there ought either to be a new treaty, orport a* their proceeding* is given ini of Health held a <*cret ess- afternoon. Their proceedings, how-ever, related exclusively to city mattera.TII t Hi i P iiisafliiiinliil i meetm* yestor- t i j afternoon, but transacted but little buameas.^ hfttd oat by the agents of the gorem- IMweJaaVatewiof twenty thousand and h is probable that theredente and from the Vera Cruz journals, of the fragments of the democracy shall be reunited alone from Ireland, but from Germany and that the old one ought to be amended. As alate news from Mexico. It is evident that on a fair platform, with a strong candidate Northern Europe. The figures given by the general thing it will be found that English re-another crisis exists in Mexican affairs, grow- one who will make a good run in Pennsylvania Secretary of Stale, It must be remembered, ciprocity is all at one side, like the handle ofing out of the defeat of Miramon's recent ex- and New Jersey (where the "Dutch plank" of only refer to the number of immigrants landing a pitcher; but, in the case of the treaty withpedition against Vera Cruz. The liberals have the Chicago platform has worked serious mis- in United States ports, whereas we know mat Canada, the arrangement is fair and equal. a>Untitled Documentnow become the assailants, and Gen, Uraga, chief)—then there can be no doubt that the thousands who land in the British Provinces far as it goes. Whether another treaty ii ne-tone.obtained a OHM helarge feelsimposed a forced loan on the city of Mexicoto obtain resources, had left that city on the10th inat, to support Mejia. An important bat- mer alternative. Let them beware of the dan- meots to settle in oar territory so much star* tle between Uraga and Miramon is anticipated- gers of delay. One more such a shock as the tempting, that immigrants readily find theircoerce her unjustly; if she is wrong she should tion of such cliques as the Albany Regency, be compelled to do justice to those of our citi-has finally brought the country to such a pass that even the South can look with complacency upon the probability of the election o# an abolition President, while in the North party ties, once apparently indissoluble, melt away like wax in the flame. There is now no co- hesion, no enthusiasm, in the ranks of the Northern democracy. The result of the con- ventions at Baltimore and Richmond is waited for with curiosity rather than with anxiety. The Northern delegates made a great blunder at Charleston, and it remains to be seen whether or not they will have sense enough to redeem it at Baltimore.On the other hand, the republicans are quite as badly off as their opponents. If we contrast the reception of Mr. Fremont's nomination with that ef Mr. Lincoln, what a terrible falling off in the political staple of enthusiasm we disco-zens whose rights she has violated, and whose enterprises, and perhaps whose fortunes, she has ruined.p u r s u a n c e1859, which furnishes some interesting statis- tics. The total number of arrivals was 155,- 509, of whom 121,282 were aliens and 34.227 persons born in this country. Of this number :>5,216 came from Ireland, and 39,315 from Germany. Of the entire amount 113,270 were landed at New York, 12,378 at Boston, 3,786 at Philadelphia, and 11,322 at New Orleans.For the last four years there has been a gra- dual falling off in immigration, except that in 1857 there was a slight increase over that of the previous year, and the same in 1S59. The following table shows the totals of immigra- tion for the respective years—21,696 Total .. 15»,609 nor the battle to the strong; and, should the From all the present indications it is fair toswearing, trading and bush fighting, the for-the United States than in Canada, and tadacs-route, consisting of a plank road aad a raflread, of Peru for the settlement of several claims establishing interoceanic oommonicatioi acrossin the demands to be made on the governmentAmerican citizens to give it to another, who exhibitedaforbearancethathasapproached werefavoritesoftheadministration." Usap-have been evaded by numerous subterfuges on shares into which the stock was divided, as aIf Peru is right we have ao dispositiou to1853. The United States had a «eep interest is the construction'of th| road, and all 0 IT g ven ment required was that it should I»' built by some one. Sloo & Co. were unabte or uaw:.iiag to do it, and the interests of Amert-an commerce were suffering. Under these circumstance Mr. Cass instructed our Minister at Mexico to obtain a modification of the original conu-act from the Mexican government f«r a new com- pany, who would complete the road, and who would recognise the rights of Ir Falconnet. who had sunk his $600,000. h this applica- tion the Minister was successful.This is all Mr. Buchanan hat done. " Tie head and front of his offending hath this ex- tent—no more;" and yet a witnsss comes for- ward and charges him with 'prostituting the diplomatic functions of tie government and the Post Office Department to a gigantic fraud upon American citizens, b order to bene- fit bis own favorites. Could the force of im- potent malice further go? Mr. Buchanan ii denounced for a patriotic act which beneia the United States and deserves the applause of the whole country. This is but a specimen of the testimony before the Covode Committee— a sample of the witnesses. Hitherto they have had on the stand bankrupt printers, brokenOK I M M I G R A T I O N . — \ aS T A T I S T I C Swith an act of Congress passed March 3, 1855, Mr. Secretary Cass has laid a statement be- fore that body rhowing the number and desig- nation of passengers arriving in the United States from foreign countries during the year250 118 Weavers 114 157 Painters 1516,323 Shoemakers 1M Musiciansand officethe other scum of the community floatingdoabout the barrooms of Washington. Wsj they not try to get from the State prison of New York a few witnesses who would cut the matter short, and save vast trouble, time and expense—unclean birds, who have been caged for twenty years, and would be so delighted to get loose that they would swear anything to order—convicting the President of the United States, and all his Cabinet °f ^j* murder, burglary and flat blasphemy?THE RBCIKROCITT TRXATV wira G*SAI>A.—A good deal of interest has been excited late ail along the line, on both sides, betweenhe United States and Canada, in reference to the working of the reciprocity treaty. Many of our citizens contend that they have bee1 cheated by the Canadians, who, since the treatyseekers,corruptlobbymen, with offeasrre, he wm carry out Utttt^arTof T* [ having defeated Diaz de la Vega, and occupied black republicans will be as soundly thrashed ultimately settle in this country. Upon this cessary is another question, and w11- k- -^ o:" Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069subject we give in another column an articlewww.fultonhistory.com 