 6NEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, JUNE 19, 18C0.^1R1PLE SHEET.J A M B • G O It D O W i n X I T T , IPrTOB AND rWJPRiKW*.Or RASAAD A W FVI.TOH STS.born and premature births, 4s of disuse* of tUe st'.-macb, bowels and other digestive organs, $-1 of general fevers, 1 of disease of the urinary orgaua, 2 unknown, and 23 from violent causes. The na- tivity table gives 237 natives of the United Rates, 68 of Ireland, 25 of Germany, 0 of England, 2 of Scotland, and the balance of various foreign coun- tries.The Japanese Ambassador* were officially re- ceivedbytheGovernorofthe State andthe'Mayor of the city yesterday, in the Governor's Room, City HaU. The proceedings are fully described in onr columns this morning. The Common Councilup to the guidance of revengeful andthe Metropolitan Hotel, there will be com- of dynasty or of the liberation of a people. ItDAllTTWW WMMML T MEMAID,^SH^JSS._--^fTrT'^v:.^jTJjjf,. 2aemitestablishmentall tyrannies, the tyranny of a single delibera- tive assembly.Signor Murio has composed in honor of the Em-bassy. The grand ball—the scene of which isto be the whole of Niblo's theatre, garden andMKJLALD^—rm mm'them, when the fine operaeetablietaneBt of that worst and most bloody oTPP ' «w T T T ^ ^ w«_ LAWS OF TEE STATE.—In another column willSAEKCM'S AMERICA* MTJSETTM. Broadway-Day i a l Capt. Dowling. One or two captains were trans- " D U M D - LIT- ferredfromone precinct to another, after whichthe Board adjourned.H*U,«n Broadway- A meeting ofthe American Zoological and Botani-for severity.themselves, and the hearty way In which theyknocked each other about showed that HewYork belles can be as impolite as the highborndames who make such a terrible fuss at QueenVictorias levees. In the case of Piccolomini,the fair ones went to see only an Italian Prin-cess with no kingdom beyond the coulisses; nowthey are attracted by two full princes and nu-merous other noblemen all the way from Japan,and representing untold wealth in silks, tens, bishop or clergy would be outraged. The lawAc —#BCO*B rsoaCORSER OF THIHTRMTUajnurui.-a»ju»wuiu«We confess that his Grace is a little obscure. It is not very easy to see how, by reporting the marriages celebrated in the Catholic church— which ate registered, we presume, upon books kept for that purpose—the consciences of eitherSo. AHU0AJ>WAT.-<UUMMU Qoto lnra« Riatu-the doors. We are aware, however, that even the best police is powerless before a crinoline mob, and we therefore call upon the women of New York to preserve the fair fame of the city,of any particular church should expect to be exempt from furnishing their quota to the gene- ral table of statistics, in obedience to law, weT R I P L EHew York, Tueeday, June 19, I860.cannot conceive.In many respects it is a mostMew YorkThe mail steamship North Star, Capt. Jones, will loav,-thin port tomorrow, at noon, for AspinwaU.The malls for California and other parts of the PacificWill close at naif-past ten o'clock: to-morrow morning.The NEW Y oaK WKSSXI HJHULD—California edition— containing the latest intelligence from all parts of thepervaded the great mass ef our citizens for the last few days in reference to our distinguished Japanese guests, the Excise Commissioners continue to hold their daily meetings with the most stoical uncon- cernofthe stirring scenesbywhichthe city is so intensely and thoroughly aroused and agitated. Yesterday they met in the usual way, and granted six licenses for $30 each, and they then adjourned till this afternoon.The cotton market 'continued to exhibit a tame appear- ance, while the sales yesterday were confined to about 500 bales, closing at about He. for midling uplands. OnLecompton constitution was prepared by the Cabinet in Washington, and sent to Kansas to be adopted by fne Convention. The whole fabric, sd laboriously constructed by the mana- gers of the Covode Committee, has thus fallen to the ground.The House of Representatives, in passing the vote of censure on the supposed strength of evidence which did not exist, has done dishonor to itself, and established a precedent in*our po- litical history full of danger to our form of gov- ernment, to the institutions established by our fathers, and to the liberties which are so dearly cherished in the hearts of the people. From such a position it must necessarily recede, and any party and any public man that, blinded by passion, struggles to prevent a recantation be-and go to the matinee as quietly, or even more so, as they would to a fashionable wedding. Above all, let them remember that none but the very lowest class of Japanese women ever behave as the Washington belles deported themselves during the stay of the Embassy in the federal capital. In our country the softer sex are freer than anywhere else in the world. This circumstance should make them the more careful not to abuse their privileges.Burdell-Cunningham case of alleged marriage by a clergyman where no certificate was kept, and the memory of the celebrant proved very erratic. The Archbishop, however, it seems, from his second letter, does not claim exemption from the laws of the State, but simply desires the City Inspector and Corporation Counsel to go on and do their duty.In refusing to obey the law ArchbishopHerald—California..Edition.morninf.Single copies, in wrappers, ready for mailing, sis cents.Agecte will please send in their orders as early m pos- sible.sit at p. t. The foreign news had a favorable influence on the market for breadstufls. Flour was firmer, with a good demand for export, and the market for some de-. script ions closed at higher prices. Wheat was alsofirmer, and closed from lc. a 2c. per bushel advance, with a good export demand. Corn was also firmer, with a good domestic and export demand and increased sales.at the ball, which will be a most novel specta- says that unless by coercion he will never be- main stationary. The emancipation of theS H E E T . ruinc.journ, which they did till Wednesday afternoon.Notwithstanding the feverish excitement which has insinuations of ex-Governor Walker that thevaluable law. We had a forcible example ofMl<-cal Society was held last evening at the Atheneum building, in Fifth avenue; but in consequence of there not being a quorum present, there was no business of importance transacted, and they ad- journed until Saturday evening next at 8 o'clock,when a full attendance is expected.The Special Committee of the Commissioners ofEmigration were to have met yesterday afternoon to consider the subject of appointing a superintend- ent of Castle Garden, in the place of John A. Ken- nedy, who recently resigned, for which they were appointed. They did not muster a quorum, how- ever,inconsequence, probably, of theexcitement prevailing on the subject of the illustrious Japanese guests,andtheywere consequently obligedtoad-world, with a large quantity of local and miscellaneousnatter, will be published at half past nine o'clock in the Saturday afternoon a sale of 1,700 bales was made in tran-Hughes alleges no valid reason within our com-The same line of conduct should be observed prehension. He is misty or mysterious. He influence to that of the nobility, it must re-nated for the Presidency, in the hope that he might of October, 1833, caused an intense excitement be induced to pursue a more peaceful policy. In Peruthe difficulty with France is said to be settled. precedent dangerous to the perpetuity of the Anns had been sent to General Mosquera, of Newthat the New York reporters, so far from color- and after disregarding the repeated warnings ing or heightening the facts in the case, toned and remonstrances addressed to it by the Euro-From Chile we learn the usual story of material prosperity and advancement. The wreck of an American ship off the Chilean coast is reported. Mews had also been received at Valparaiso of the aebmre of a vessel by Indians, and the murder of the captain, part of the crew and a missionary.By way of Australia and San Francisco, weand laws, but in derogation of both." Mr. Benton introduced in the next session his cele- brated expunging resolution, which was finally passed by the Senate, after a long and exciting debate, on the 16th of January, 1837.The difference between Mr. Clay's resolutionof censure and the one recently passed by theprotection and shelter to the King and his family in the event of the revolution getting the uppercession since the autumn of 1859. The Regency wants Seymour and Pierce, or Pierce and Sey- mour; they are not particular as to the arrange- ment, so they have the spoils, which theylearn that the Feejee Islands have been annexed House of Representatives is, that the firstscheme for toe Regency, no doubt, but we can impossible for the government to keep the tell the delegates to Baltimore that if they take up silly Seymour or poor Pierce,*they will bring their cabbages to a merse market than that ofto Great Britain.The stes—hip Quaker City, Capt Shnfeldt, ar-rived at this port yesterday from Havana, withwas a condemnation of a precedent held to be dangerous to the constitution and the per- petuity of the republic; while the second iscapital and under the very eye of the court thechurch this morning.*four days' later dates. We are also in possession not the condemnation, but it is the establish-©f dates from St. Thomas to the 30th ult. If. dofulness and energy on the part of the govern- ment to prevent it proceeding to acts of vio- lence. Let but the assurance of Garibaldi'sTrench veesel-of war Olivier. A batch of fourInndred negroes, taken from an American slaver,were brought to Havana by a Spanish vesselof• mand the representative head of the nation. war. The slaver was captured by the Spaniards, When the heat of passion shall have passed andnotbyAmericans,aswasatdratsupposed.published. We give to-day portions of evidence,away, aa it will soon do, this act will be seen By the bark Margaret, arrived at Philadelphia, in all its enormity, and whether Mr. Florence'sthe Superintendent of Police, and of the willbemadetoarresttoeprogressof therevo-Messrs. Leland, had been perfected days lution by diplomatic means. A Congress willbeforehand, and everything went like probably be suggested, from the notion thatclockwork. Civic pride was never mote ac such a mode of arranging the difficulty will be tively displayed than on last Saturday. Every most acceptable to France. We are muchNew Yorker, high or low, young or eld, seemed mistaken, however, if Louis Napoleon, much aa resolved to do bis best Whether the good he may desire a conference of the Europeanwe have news from Parahiba, Braafl, to May 11.resolution be passed by the present body orpoured out for months past by a set of disap-pointed and envenomed office seekers. It will .du> an hour and a'half each, and their speeches ewSaw stock of sugar was reduced to about 4,000 not, the present factious majority has put itself bags, and the present crop is likely to be a failure ia a position in which its violent and dan-Tat first plantings baring failed, gerous course will be condemned, whenevercompelled to plant the canes alistened to with great attention by a large audience, « * be seen by the evidence of Hon. Jacob Thomp- have become interested to this important case.son, Secretary of the Interior, and Hon, Howell Judge Mulltn charged the Jory that the question ofsst ilgence was one offset which the Jury werew if*- Cobb, Secretary of toe Treasury, which we pub- mine, they keeping in mind that persons engages to «- neeofsteam,andruningtrainsattherateofaaweas lish in another column, that the inferences minute and a half, were bound to exercwe B o f * ^ " " drawn from the statements of Robert J. Walker caution than those who conveyed paasenfera wttt **** the railroad company were respomiible w t h e a a s o i a i and others relative to the part which the ad- agents: it was a question whether Mr. OdlAVeassp» per person to be entrusted with the coolrol of agaattitime,andtheyappearstuntedandfaded.conductof-'thegoverningclasses''itowingtothe refining influences of theCentral Park, or the himself of the present opportunity of convening distinguished honors lately paid to some of it The quarrel between the King of Naples their representatives near, the Govt of StSevan rhiwaand fatten were appropriatedand jealous of the wise and equable institutions say. We have the gratifying result, and that is The revolution in the Two Sicilies is the legiti- been nothing but o miserable office ty would determine. The (act thatty went lo Virginia creates the Sagsasia that hs #*•which our fathers have bequeathed to us. enough. On the part of the Joint Committee of mate sequence of the events which placed him seeker from beginning to end; that he from a knowledge of havta, « » » " " * • • " * * » * J gThere is seether element in the recent action the Common Countil, it is but even-banded jus- on the throne of France. It is the continuation begged aad supplicated Mr. Cobb again and k*aaare4 punishment; and while it would aotaftecll company,"this eiicmwstaaos did aflect thethe ^cr.emtivr oreana, ?0 of Hi* l;"art r>:id Woo!partisan net of the Senate, and which, for aand todignantiy aparas the suggestion thatNEWYORKHERALD.veat.«-i»,10«ofthelungs,throat,Ac,1ofolds«e, time,rendereditdifficulttoinduceittoretrace4C of di.-eaw* of the »kin and eruptive fevew, 4 stiQ« its step*. On the other we find merely a bitterThe motives which animated the instigators of Brooklyn propose inviting the distinguished of, and led the House to, this unworthy step,spacious saloons, as well as the parlors and raises a question as to whether any church ordrawing rooms of the Metropolitan Hotel—is religious community can claim exemption fromstrangers to visit that city.Theproceedings intheWestWashingtonmarketproperty controversy were resumed yesterday before the referee. Comptroller Haws attended, bat refused to give evidence in the case. It is probable that an application will be made to the Supreme Court to-day for an order directing both ex-Mayor Tiemann and the Comptroller to testify in the matter.The investigation into the operations of the Cen- tral Park Commission, before the special commit- tee of the Legislature, was continued yesterday. A aeries of specific charges against the Commission were presented by Mr. James Hogg, one of the original Commissioners. They are given in full in our report in another column.The Police Commissioners, at their meeting yes- terday, appointed Capt. James Leonard Inspector, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the resignation ofare already apparent, and will constantly be- come more and more transparent to all. The vote of censure on the President is based on the revelations supposed to have been obtained by theCovode Committee. This committee was gotten up by Forney and a few of his fellow spoils hunters, with the ostensible object of proving a corrupt connivance on the part ofhe President and his Cabinet in the prepara- tion and support of the Kansas Lecompton con- stitution, and a set of zealous political partisans in Congress authorized its appointment because they believed It would be a good political ma- noeuvre. When the investigation was ended the managers saw that it had failed, and so they hurried the House into passing the vote of cen- sure before the evidence was produced. How this was brought about is pungently exposed by Mr. Winslow, in the minority report of the committee. Here are his words:—Host of the charges examined were founded on anony-mous communications; others upon information frompersons destitute of character and without position—dis-placed office holders, disappointed office seekers, venalplacemen, adventurers, mercenary Swiss—whose politicswere bounded by no loftier motives than self-interests.All the evidence which, unexplained, raised suspicionsagainst the administration, was, by means un-known to the undersigned, regularly telegraphed to theNorthern papers; and when the evidence was not of that and queer knick-knack goods, which tile character it was invariably garbled and distorted.obedience to a law of the State, that in all pro- bability will have to be decided by the courts.The City Inspector addressed a notification to the Archbishop that the law passed In 1868, pro- vidingfor the registry of births, deaths and marriages, required every clergyman to re-MAILS FOR EUKOPE.T h e N e w York Herald — Edition for Pork was lower, but more active at the concession. fore the people, will incur all the odium that be-mmrope. Sales of new mess were made at $18, and of newTbeCunari mail steamship Africa, Captain Shannon, prime at $13 62% a $13 75. Sugars were easier and will be consigned with it to a merited con-us as incomprehensible as the Japanese lan-guage itself—will make up an ensemble remony in some cases usually is. What is toeWill leave this port to-morrow for Liverpool.The European avails will close In this city to-morrowcompared with the quotations of last week, while thesales embraced about COO hhds. Cuba and Porto Rico, and80 do. inelado, at rates given in another column. Coffee righted by the expunging of the resolution ofmorning at Sevan o'clock.The Etraonua EDmon or THE HBUUI will be published was held with firmness, while sales were light; 150 matscensure; it is the honor of the House itself which is to be vindicated, and a precedent removedof the crown. The great body of the people will, to any case, be gainers by the change. It may, indeed, be regarded as the first advanceat half-past six o'clock in the morning. Single copies, in Java sold at lt\c, and 600 bags of Rio at p. t. Thethe day we shall have no means of ascertainingmost mischievous evils in the State. our fair friends wish to hare a good name in MOVEMENTS or THE ALBANY REGENCY AT made by Russia towards the principles of popu-wrappers, six cents.The contents of the KCKOPBAX Etomow or THIS RKRALD 14,027 mats and 1,400 bags Java, with stock of all kinds,Will combine the news received by mail and telegraph a exclusive of Java, 16,000 bags. Freights were firmer for the office daring the previous week, and up to the hour o Knglish porta. Among the engagements were aboutlar government for following emancipation will come toe rights of the free citizen and a voice in the legislation of the country.B r o o k l y n C i t y H e w s .MORS ABOCT THI On CBKT FsaiuAqa—At a meetings!the Common Council last evening the Finance Committeesubmittedareport relative to the moneyappropriated,and not accounted for, to procure the passage of the 0MCent Ferriage bill by the last Legislature, ft create*considerable excitement between Aldermen Kalbaeisthand Dayton, the latter having been the Chairman of the Albany committee, but no additional developements wen made, the contest being of a personal nature between tat two gentlemen. The report, which reads as follow*, was accepted, and the resolution appended thereto adopted:—Your committee, under the direction of the Common Council to transfer to the credit of the Ferry and Water Riglits account the sum of $6,080 from any moneys mta« Treasury, did make such transfer from the street repair ing account, upon explicit assurances from the Chainaas of the special committee sent to Albany to advocate lac passage of an act reducing the rate of ferriage for foM passengers to one cent; that in no event should the money be needed or used except the passage of such as act was obtained. It appears that said committee ban drawn out of the city treasury not only the A6.000 orif; ually appropriated by the joint Board to defray the ex penscsf, of continuing a suit already^BJcommeaee* and still pending to test the claim of W York to the«e ferry franchises, but the aMi tioual So.000 transferred as heretofore stated. CsAw these circumstances, and the failure of obUiBisj the passage of the so much to be desired enactmeat n t»publication.T h e H e w s .In Congress yesterday the Senate took op the40,000 bushels wheat, a small portion in bulk, at 7>fd., and the remainder, in ship's bags, at 8d., and about 5,000 bbls. of flour by sailing vessels, and 2,000 boxes cheese, by steamer, at 50s. To London flour was engaged at 2s.excellent behavior of the vast crowd whichwedding of a Western houri to an Eastern is at its old tricks again. All last week theyNaval Appropriation bill, the question being on the 4>;d. a 2s. 6d., closing at the latter figure. amendment providing three steamers for the sup-pression of the African slave trade. A long debateensued, and the amendment wasfinallyrejected by*voteof18to36. SubsequentlytheNavalAppro- Reaolution—A Point of Danger la OarP o l i t i c a l D e v e l o p e m e n t .priation bill was passed. In the House the reporton the Kentucky contested election case, retaining We learn from Washington that a motion will Mr. Anderson in his seat, was adopted. All the be made in the House of Representatives to amendments to the Legislative, Executive and Ju- expunge from the journal of that body the re- dicial Appropriation bill adopted in Committee on cent vote of censure passed upon the PresidentSaturday were agreed to. In the history of the country there is but one Thesteamship Ariel,whicharrivedatthisportyes- parallel instance to the ill considered act of theThe Vote of Censure and the Expungingterday afternoonfromAspinwall, brings later intelli-gencefromCentral and South America. In New Gra-nada a declaration of war was looked for every dayon the part ofthe disaffected States against the fede-ral government. Some authorities state that twoStates had declared their independence. Gen. Hos- The removal of the deposits of the government We learn from the most reliable private sources qnera, the leader of the revolution, had been nomi- from the Bank of the United States, on the 1stHouse in passing a solemn vote of censure on the chief Anagistrate of the confederation, and the circumstances which attended that instance were widely different from the present one.paramount to the police or any other authority.is only to be equalled by the infatuation that has necessitated it After driving its subjects to rebellion by a series of unheard of cruelties,everywhere, and was believed to establish a down their accounts, and omitted to mentionrepublic. The friends of constitutional lawApproves of his course. Bolivia and Peru have were alarmed, and on the 28th of March, 1834, immemorial civil authorities have boon notedGranada, thereby implying that President CastiUaRichmond, Cassidy, Cagger & Co—which com- ThereisnotapowerinEuropewhichdaretake mencedonFridaynight,andwascontinuedstill be in the hands of said committee; no account bo* ever has been rendered nor returns made to the Ooae- trolleroftheaboveSO000.oranyotherbalance,leariaf your Finance Committee without the information wee* sary to enable them to make a proper recummeadatios w your honorable body relative to the account from wines this money was transferred. Ia view, therefore, of us uncertainty of the amount of unexpended balance re- maining with the said special committee, aad the d<wr» bleness of speedy action in the matter entrusted to the*. your committee would recommend the adoption at iht following:—Resolved. That the special committee appointed to pro oeed to Albany to procure the passage of an act or un- Legislature of this State, reducing the rates ef frmafe for foot passengers between this city and tat city of New York to one cent, be directed lo render, without **j*M detailed account of their disbursement for account e f t * city, with such vouchers as they may have, to the 0oa£ troher, and pay over lo him the unexpended balauw « 410,000 drawn from the city treasury by themMARTIN KAUJKFH9CH ) Finance Cos CHARLES JENKINS. fMcacAi—There is to be a grand concert at Plyaw*notcometoblowsyet,butthegovernmentofthe aresolution,presentedbyMr.Clay,inthefarmer has published a decree of non-intercourse Senate, was adopted by that body, declaring delphia outdoes any other example of officialwith the latter. In Ecuador things are about as "that the President, in the late executive they were. The reported death of Gen. Franco proceedings in relation to the public Is not confirmed. President Martinez, of Nicara- revenue, has assumed to himself authority gua, wan getting so blind that it was thought he and power not conferred by the constitution would soon retire.Gahriac. ex-French Minister to Mexico, had ar- ment of a similar precedent, derogatory to the ner.BEGGAR.—The Covode investigation is now at anrived nt Havana on his way to Europe, in the constitution and the laws—one chamber, andMark now the contrast between the interior speedy presence reach the city, and nothing cities and the metropolis. Here the Embassy can restrain the wrath and vengeance of its found everything in the best order. The ar- long suffering and cruelly used inhabitants. rangements of the Aldermanic Committee,ofthat the inferior one, of the legislative branchend, and the testimony, in an authentic shape, isof the government, assumes a power to repri-reason resumes its sway in the House. It is I the meeting of the Board of Aldermen yes- not alone the natural mutation of parties thatwill bring to pass this solemn condemnation. Island ferry the privilege of The sober reflection of the people will produce i of the Battery water front was it, for the dangerous precedent which it intro- that the grant be only duces to oar political system cannot be allowedreport from the Councilmen, grantingye .ui>.go. the celebration of the Feorth of July, and a aj©inn:itteemcorruptdirect opposition to the jealous feeling of the country, and establishing an innovating precedent which, if allowed to stand, will ear- ry us logically and by natural development tomenced for them a round of the amusementsin which the beau monde of the city especially de- light—such as the Opera, the fete champetre, the 60/ part, and so on. On Wednesday morning the Academy of Music is to be thrown open touis the first of a series of revolutionary move- ment* which will probably end in overthrowing most of the existing continental dynasties, and in entirely altering the territorial distribution of Europe.officehunters,takinga .step inthe President and ate friends, to eaatg* unoa them corruption by bribery through tea sseans of office or spoil, have been -got up aad based upon unreUabte testimony by a set of disap- pointed office beggars, such as Wendell, Forney Defri^ and the wet of that auaerabte gang. But the evidence of such mea as Mfsnu TVnmpeoa »nd Cobb demolishes the whole fabric, aad ex- poses the meanness aad vindictivenees of the fellows who raised I tBy their untiring industry aad intriguing this gang succeeded in eirc ulating through the « - tire press of the country garbled portions of the most unreliabla part of the evidence, which might be interpreted tote a crimination of the President and Cabinet, end carefully kept back the evidence of respectable, conscientious witoeesee. But the publication of the authenticThe official evidence, which we have now re- ceived in the voluminous printed report of the committee, shows that Forney, instead of being the self-denying patriot he assumes to be, was a constant solicitor for one of the richest placers of official power and spoils—the editor- ship of the organ and the printer of the Post Office blanks. It is also clearly proved that there was not the slightest foundation for theladies adore with so much real fervor. Theconsequence of all this is, that the rush to theAcademy to-morrow will be even greater thanis a very common one in every city, perhaps, to the world, and in Catholic France it is rigidly enforced. As a matter of useful, and indeed necessary statistics merely, the registration of marriages, births and deaths in some public1longs to the wrong that has. been committed,demnation. It is not the President that Is to bewas not theslightestdisorderatanypointonthe route; the Bowery and Broadway comport- American women be sung even in the counciled themselves with equal dignity and sobriety; the roughs of Mott and Mulberry streets were as quiet and polite as the upper ten thousand in Union square.green isles beyond the sea, and the praises of chamber of the Tycoon himself.THE NEW ERA OP REVOLUTION IN ECROPE— BEARINGS OF THE SICILIAN QUESTION.—Prince Carafa, it is stated, has demanded of France a guarantee for the territory of the Two Sicilies, and has also solicited the intervention of theThis state of things is more gratifying to usfrom the fact that at Baltimore and Philadel-phia the personnel of the Embassy received posi-tive rudeness at the hands of the rowdy classes maritime Powers. The modesty of this request which abound in those cities, and are quitepean courts, the Neapolitan government now the most flagrant outrages committed on meanly begs for the protection which it disre- the route of the procession. From time garded in the confidence of its own strength.succeeded by a general council of the Regency— at least presumable'that a portion of said moneys mattfor stupidity, but the Common Council of Phila-up its cause without arraying against it thewhole force of public opinion. Even Austriashrinks from manifesting towards it any furthersympathy than that which hi implied in the fact delegates. As to Seymour and Pierce, theyopacity which history has given us. Withoutsufficient escort, they dragged the Japaneseover three or four miles of their* sprawled outvillage, subjecting them to the insults of therabble who ran by the side of the Ambassadors'carriages; and, in one or two cases, attempted hand there. to remove some of the attaches from their equi-during the whole of Saturday, on the evening of which day the whole party, including poor Pierce, went off to Baltimore, to operate on toepages. The Philadelphians treated the envoysof the Tycoon as If they had been so many wildbeasts carried about in a show, and gave thema most unfavorable impression of the people to population any longer In check. Even in the whose government they had been accredited.The departure of the Embassy from Philadel-phia was also very badly managed, and through- such head that it demands the utmost watch-out their stay the provincialism of the place was demonstrated in the most disagreeable man-K a v a l l a t e l l l g e a c e .The following is a Hot of the late graduates at the !<«*"Tfce ^pnni-M in goeiety—A Wwr* to tike self nor nllow any other Power? to interfere inLadies. . theaffairsofNaples. Thi*t*whatimpartsto moneywasusedbythePresentorany•„,.Now that the Ambassadors have become com- the Sicilian insurrection so momentous a cha- ber of his Cabinet toward, the , y and Inconsiderate partisanship giving itself fortably settled in their luxurious quarters at racter. It is not a mere question of a change Lecompton MB or . a y . * * J £ %_ T ^ _ ^announced for next Monday.These entertainments, with others of an un-official character, will give our Oriental friends a pleasant insight into the manners and cus- toms of the Western barbarians, as they haveof New York society shall penetrate to thethose concerningascheme gotten up byHo- ratio Seymour, through which the Convention was to be induced to take up poor Pierce as a compromise candidate. A more compromising candidate could scarcely be found than poor Pierce, who, it appears, has been sneaking about the squares up town, in the vicinity of Eleventh and Twelfth streets, and endeavoring to ascertain his chances for renomination. It was freely stated, as early as Wednesday of last week, at the St. Nicholas Hotel, the head- quarters of the Regency, that Douglas was to be dropped by the New York delegation after the third or fourth ballot Following this an- nouncement, oa Thursday came a very long interview between poor Pierce and Dean Rich- mond, at Pierce's lodgings up town. This wasII Pollute" will beAacnaisaop HCGHES REFUSING TO OBST THEundoubtedly considered us. At the Opera port all marriages celebrated by him to thethe utmost respect for all human legal authori nese divinity, Piccolomini, warbled her Awe- ty," to fulfil the simple requirements of that law.EMANCIPATION or THE RUSSIAN SKATS-We see that the opposition raised by the Russiu nobles to the emancipation of their serfs hat been withdrawn, and that toe measure will pa* into general effect next autumn. It must sat be supposed that the change will benefit bjm> diatoly, or to any great extent toe condition of the Russian peasantry. It simply alters the re- lations of the serf to the soil, just as the esus- cipation of the slave population of toe 8o*jfc would do. It becomes, to fact a queetiet whether there, any more than here, toe physical comforts of the former will be promoted by tat competition of free labor. The change, how- ever, bad got to be made some time or other. The progress of education and en- lightenment had rendered it impossible that Russia could go on much longer with a system which found no analogy in European countries,aad for which no real necessity could be plead- ed. She found herself in the position which other feudal governments occupied some centu- ries back, unable to advance in the march of improvement so long as the energies ef the m a s s e s w e r e t r a m m e l l e d b y t h e allegiance which they owed to the nobles. In the vast schemes of internal improvement which she tea in view, it was essential that feudal servitude should be abolished as the first step to'warte their accomplishmentIn a political point of view, the measure bad become equally indispensable to the security of a government which has latterly manifested an enlightened and progressive spirit It his gone as far as it dared in toe path of reforms, and until it can raise up a counterbalancingwell notes to our opera goers toe lobbies of the Academy witnessed a struggle for places which a great night in Tammany Hall could not matchHe says that many eases occur in which it is for the Catholic priest to remedy privately the evils which the corruption of morals may have en- tailed, and declares that while he (the Arch- bishop) is quite ready for a prison or a scaffold, he is not prepared to obey a requisition which would violate the obligations of his conscience.The better sex had matters all toever before, and special police arrangementsshould be made to keep order about office is a very good thing, and why the clergyalready vindicated by the events of Saturday, the necessity of registering marriages in thecle for the Japanese. The varied costumes—from the rich uniforms of the officers of thearmy and navy down to the dress coat de rigneurof the private gentlemen, the clouds of laceserfs will furnish it with a moral support, which will enable it to accomplish a large amount ofempire. It may be that after breaking the powerfight with somebody? We must confess thathugely. What their private opinions may be there seems to be a good deal of the "Who will masses, and assist to curtailing the privilege*as to the mysteries of the fashionable dances oftread on my coat?" spirit about the whole stock was reduced, and comprised about 6,400 bags Rio, which, if allowed to stand, can but work the until they get out their American notes. If affair.METROPOLITAN vs. PROVINCIAL MANNERS.—The Niphon, and perhaps some day assist at the BALTIMORE.—The firm of Cassidy, Cagger k Co.and silk and muslin, and all manner of crinolinecally or morally—in a moral point of view, cer-adornments, the wonderful dances, to many oftainly, It is no evidence of the weakness of fallenwere holding private caucuses in the Broadway Japanese Embassy with such hearty enthusiasm. wedding would sink into utter insignificance, hotels, and making arrangements for the they must treat toe Japanese as well-bred la- I slaughter of Douglas and other candidates atis the general theme of discussion in the press dies should approach foreign dignitaries of theand private circles. It is with the greatest gra- Baltimore, in order to make room for their own tification that we are able tostatethatthere highestrankforthefirsttime. Then theglory pliant tools. The latest developements arefilled our streets on Saturday, and welcomed theprince, compared to which affair the diamondof its sending a squadron to Naples to afford have had a private understanding as to the suc-That it will do so there can be now no doubt.The moment Garibaldi lands in Calabria the would get in any event. It is a very prettyexcitement will become so great that it will beinsurrectionary spirit has latterly been makingold Martin Van Buren.RELIABLE TESTIMONY BEFORE THE COVODE Academy, in order of merit, who received their warfssa on the 16th inst. as midshipmen in the navy :—•*- 3. Stsf COMMITTEE—FORNEY SHOWN U P AS AN OFFICE veeant, A. D. Wharton, J D. Haroa, 1. 0 Ease, a r Giltett, T. L. Swana, 8. D. Ames, T L Dorma.' C. Watson, J. L. Tayloe, H- B. Bobiaoe, A a McNalr, W. R Barton, F. 8. Brown, B. a Manley, * Whitehead, K. A. Walker, W. 8. Schley, I. L B*J*£lBefore matters arrive at this pass an effortfrom the lips of respectable and reliable wit-nesses, which distinctly contradict toe allega-tions and insinuations against the integrity ofthe President and Cabinet which have beenL. Hoole, & tt Paddock, F. L. Hoge, a Casey, t> C «•*• C.W.Bead. - ^_________i ___Heavy Damages agalatst a Baiiroad THE MATTBSON CASE.[From the Utica Observer, June 1«.JThe case of JaredD. Matteeoo and wife against •»*"«• York Central Railroad Company. The ooaasel were asia-Powers for his own objects, will care to availand his subjects has to be fought out on itsJames, or to the good advice given by the press, own merits, and the Emperor has no motive constitution are entirely disproved. It will beterry lease (four to stand by a people jealous of their liberties, or to all these things pat together, we cannot for bringing it to a premature termination. seen, further, that Forney is shown to havent the calamity. These questions ta< *» tram and prevent U>of the House which will hasten its recantation. tice to say that they conducted the whole affair of the same struggle of principles that con- again, both before and after be established his should be considered by the Jory.^alo^Stherto Matter wasinjuredbythessrThe ignoble motives which have produced itwith judgment and discretion. The city gov- vulsed Europe in 1848, and which is laboring to whether Mrs. Mattason wasmjurea oy w * a w paper at Philadelphia, to obtain for him the *Jud^r*riewed the evidence and the post*dent, thesteadinviolentcontrastwiththosehighand ernmentofPhiladelphiaoughttocomehere carryoutthegreatworkwhichitthenonly printingofthePostOfficeblanks,whichhede- ofthere•sPpSeScTtiQveUUMSW,jmviagtheJurytodrawm#and take a lesson. while the governing classes own concSluSsisoanis. V_ *hey found there was negligence, s» partially accomplished. It is the interest of clared that he bad magnanimously refused to that Mrs. Ms"**"*1 *** permanently injured thersV.considerations that induced the Senateof censure. On the one of the Quaker City, and the journalkts thereof, France to let this contest proceed, for in the accept Mr. Cobb's evidence leaves Forney to*w**M )***,« to*.would be materially benefitted by mending general overthrow of existing political systemsthey would award damages not only for the injury, W the jury came tow Coons*Mr. Thompson denies em-1pbatioaUy that any Kansas programme was JaKtaafJSsa^^••Hon by one of the co-ordinate branches offce government, which seemed to sancUoa 0w iO "v>sVto which it must lead she will be largely thetheir manners upon the model of metropolitana pitiable condition.VAWVAOJM*£IUntitled Documentbe found a curious correspondence between the City Inspector and Archbishop Hughes, whichthey will be not a Uttle astonished City Inspector, under a penalty of fifty dollarsat the great crinoline crush which the for refusing or neglecting so to do. The Arch- report, from which we extract the evidence hiA T Uatinal IKdt «KYTFr Mi ] •ml1F.HI 1*1* e• d n1sheaslx« •tin do) for 111! 4*1 fou h a h0<Jan MM u»<diu Ian laiitstirIan fro sansix*toThi |>et .ma yo«T wilma: ' i;i HUM bill«*q •an •an tU. ireqi notall <lrei (ion«f C JoUc Forbi ForFor For For For ForUFor IncrT Tt %U)A timahas ed, •PP» tion Tideaarj Abe time a ion thenIt tnaU year "VIKU ttotolidi Binop»r 5-ear rout. uuthaabk I sH< WajTb Snort tbes ing a The t Aha i«s tilTh ingfi Floyi JAexi newt *>rdt-mitt troul *umiTH.Th Yori Presi "vera regatclefal tion it uuTreaiMr c >un vine* c-tabcrecip per, Us • anot! ther the | theinfj1.1a,•tornTemui 1 1no^lty of the, ~ . «B <ata*Mlj jJ S ^ K - T * * * W •SO****! g ^ T " ^ * * " bringetoIrvingplace,. Whentoeuttieaien- » .___,•4V«*AH VnwsMAOhis—J miifVinri.«*•» * S«*tray "the weaknesses of fallen human nature."It is the first time we have heard that gettingmarried exhibited any weakness, either physi- practical amelioration in the condition of theof the nobility the crown will use the advan- human nature, though to dispense with the ce- tages it has gained to aggravate the despotism of its political system Should this turn out to matter with toe Archbishop? Does he want to be the case, the aristocracy will, in revenge for which cannot fail to please the Ambassadors the loss of its privileges, ally itself with theministration took ia framing toe Lecompton men at the work of taking up rails; whether hei tooa «" npat the right time; whether, when he heardthewma tie blow, he ought not to hare used exert*nsto*W"rendered a verdict earth* sjSsllfefleWtteessjs* galoot. Shewill,therefore, odttermore bee* drawnopbyanymemberoffeadministration,Iteacwrt.i* Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 