 1'greatperil. glowing language,a«>«Hw«.It la upon no question of party toat this eminent and reverend gentlemaa interposes his calmgTPa'est farees wbicfa even to the history of overt evideDce of tK»^fa;e|>ieaaMaeonMet. ^1^0>hopedof tola venerated man.who,fromanelevationabovethestrifeof parties and to toe clear atmosphere of patriot-no imiversal m toe known such a case aa that beiore. I am meansmoB - - ,lBf—^(>**wtiibh NorHign aBerehants may have them- com'ng a qnestion of national honor and ex-«* wry wm wiit Hdergymen should not meddle in politics.upon it, might well be regarded as among toe yon, will go on while Buvoiy tansfna. it 41 A* 'r,JBlmrtM»it1 Vims.iSjmMH BBDiCW TBKATBX-JBAm Diun, 0>«r VD-Lorau*.i-^MbVS AUtOKV—OoMn'l Botai JLaranaiAniiwara* aixpss—xma owo«owt.^"^'IrBRT TIKATBX—Hsi!>T or His-Ltraiis-UiSHcan render the South good service, and con- but no man with a thimbleful of brains can befound the AboUtlonists, if he will bat take the deceived this byinpast loyalty of Kentocky to toe Union, he tonsProteetintiam over that whole I oomitiy..,..fmu-WmampretendedO'CoHOB's enunciation of his opinions on toedefines her present position and toe sentiment subject of Slavery, toougb very complimentsiy of that? T«n of «ar Wastata tmmmm.cer. win there where one alavekotlar be with their baads or wito their ifflaa. ttara-'' "MiMBMna—Mov-KAtcao Ounmur.and order his invaloaUearc really Pro-Slavery men, or only mercenary where most of the InhabitaBts now reside, are tn the past conduct of the Federal Goverameat to duces itself to a simple expression of personal our freemen will tear dewn tfaa rookniaa of i' aav •ownr noini-Tu has or Tn an tUaaoB—Faouo or n> Tumat—rmit. Lotbas.BAUmra WMBtni—itfterBOSB and Bniilni—Tbs a^Bajmd—TisB Bora PsarosBAaon.1BBATBB FRANOAIS—La Jsu si u Xiiioa-Lji OBAraAO s'Di HuiOMOu.HOFECBAPKL-M«.Aimll»B.VAHB)uiHorf'8DaAHAiio•iAMa«B,BBOAD«(&T BOUDOnt, Ho. *l* Bro«diraT—GooB ro«omwo—Tcus 8i»m»-Womji'» VTanu.mUTH-SniBBT, MCllB BMOADWAT—ICosn or Kn* BoiMiea'i Tmwj.' WAMimOTOW HALL, WlUUunibarKh—DSATTOS'B VAaia* Omsab.^^a^wiam aJLFHTTHXATBB—KannmiAS Piuoui- rALAXnejlBDKK—Ta>AJOOBOakOo.'l¥iwi«mi,K—MU.OF DBaiBM—Bewitm * KnaWl PAnn- na "TnHomi or WAnnaioH Anas laa Wab.";nothlagfi'i tOMUnBAlOatl 0»g»a» OMMthe of the City is at this mo- mentgivenuptocumbrouslumberingstages, to (he all but total exclusion of everything else,toconsideration toan or to his toeory of cometa. We40AinEB& Co.for W. P. G.'s indorsement.The little publication to which we haveevilsandlossestoantheotoerStetesofthe^fools as W. P. GiLiLAHthemtobe. Bnteventhisvide for the groat difficulty, that of classifying and to the serious inconvenience of the foot- dangers• caaAwar^AUnal MEWS OF THE DAT.doesnotpro-Souto,andbeingexposedtovastlymoreserious•ALLDT—*•. TnVbbeb GAiBTa."plancannot, therefore, help urging should have a controlling voice In the deter- toe doctrtoes of this learnedOhio are annoyedj'and Hieae poor paopb an iwl > bearing from the Bepublicans, whofor a ToCe upon the resolution of Hr. HvTCBurs,Berald, violently abusive of himself;ainsist on man's subscribingto certain papers,g'-JTP. l^fflVf'T.'-:^f^pressedhours ofthe pore," a stotement and, especially, toat toey may mduce greaterbetter for tbeent leaders than tois, that toe Souto has put toe drop into tbe etf which makea it ron over. Noitbera DeoMcatsHr. Pbtob, of Virginia, rose to a question of privi-Joaa. His text waa an article in the New-York tending their bnainess. If Qilman & Co. mayon leitfcthe^and in re- pelHng the attack, it is only just to the gallantwill be possible to reserve any of the greatspirits," butand notoingbeer, brandy and human beings, toe latter arti- threats of Wisi, IvxBSoir, Bbowv & Co. A aia- cle being freely consumed by tigers. When gle step further, and there will no longer bo a De-theapplicantspassengers. If by this means a cheap andatones. Will there is no yon sayWe iWp;^i«r4^^'a«a. to W.wtmnmdk to dlMwPll^ioy^JHM^ ,ifMUnotbe «1m iMpiWibftrteBafiUl- diBiier "»i MatfaM> T^iW'tiiiiiiiii ilii <W^caDa to select Mae ouef eujUata^Ji^liHtwhomtbenineenifhatioobiecttmiaooidd'lMt blBg';KUdtaih^in^in^miMfiteg'iftUfem^enteipriae.P. OiutAa 4 OoJ»>^gHUid plan of making abe urged wblcli Impede or make impbeaible.tfae election of Mr. 8auifA>, and thus to terminate Boonteet wbiek In the eyes of the natioii b be-ful atiaBnliM in ttv^tepa ofoompetitfcM to bMV m tbe avenne niixbade.A Calm ttom the Sonth. AnealWe poUisbed yaaterday a letter from Rev.MmaCea aftheeemitiyiB IbMinaMl tempt t* evBie the neord of Ustoiy."Popular Sov«reioil7*' wfalcb Is toonly to tbe ri^t <» the people of a TenUerytoformaStateC«natitatioib—«decent UtrdflMxX'bj^ eatabHsUiic a registry in"nw aelvea certified aa sound on the goose," istence, wbQe party leaders at Wash- Dr.Ow of doDars down, and the upon pajment fiftyua mat-Bbccuhbunh, of Kentucky, a diatiBguIahed divine of the Presbyterian Cburdi, upon the political state of the country. This Utter isno wdlin pnrchaae of a book to be publiahed annually by ter of party tactics ;wbicbjournalingitmore) toto tbe solenm legiiiatiott'or Congrees, Bents proceed fiotn the botdiv asw.rights toe United Stetes. The M*a««d<n«,IWTWMR]>UMM. .iv Uvea by praising Slavery and abosing negroes, and duties, should be allowed to proceed with pemsalof it must corporationprinciple (ifamazingly cheap for some persons to pay for being pot down sonnd." So it would, and ifCommon Conncll to the subject.Broadway Is fast becoming impassable andbaldlsaster to the eonaity, to every seceding State, and most espedally to herself, boa the appUoattoawito decentbut when, as diametrically opposedhewho— unmanageable notahighway,by war, by rerolaUoa,toey ofand chUdien, (one of tbeaa aMgMf riiHe|A>smanoverdgbtyyearsMr. OiLKAM were wise in his would arrange a sliding scalegenerationby the formation ol new eesGlonofIndlvUoalStates."ortbe ae-of toe statesmen and—ra^ Pro-Slavery men only fifty dollars ; tbosebut a nuisance.confederacies,greatest ju- philan-of Slavery in the abstract, buttoe inestimable value of toe Union, inasmuch as It enables one State to punish offences against her peace, conmilttedages,quite comprehensible. Mr. O'Cokob is a ingmemberoftheNew-YorkBar,and,soSMr.to let it alone where it exists, onethe citizens of anotoer Stote,of law instead of by private or public war, as we has never tried or;rank Abolitionists, for not showingare driven Into the side streets or ruin- ously delayed, and private carriages makeknow,professedto us a fair and feasible veryarrangement, provided ihe New-York merchants are as greatmorewould natartUly be given to his opmion on ap-The Circatrian, at Bt. John*,adrieea to Jan. 7. Tbej are of slight interest.Tha dismissal or resignation of Count Walewskiwaa the prominent topic of talk in political cir-cles, the prevailing impression being that thechange indicated the final determination of the the South, and how many are actuated by morning and up town at night can secure aNapolioh to identify himself with theEmperor merelyform, andforward wito some pretence of reasoning and lence of the American Qovenmeat is that it aa-brin^mode of obviating even this difficulty. Its to with tlie " put updollar-and-cent considerations." Thisto leave Constantinople to assume the duties of is to be done by ascertaining what newspapers es as the weather grows worse, the streetsargumentotiTeput neededreformmore^ The andtise giotycause of the Italian people. M. db Thodvinil was the Foreign Ofiice immediately. Doubts still ei-placeinoneofthem,difficultyincreas-iatedastothemeetingoftheCongress. Aprecedentvisit 'wUeh Lord Cowht had made to London was un-less practicable.We have borne the shortcomings of our City resort toOrient and Occident.violation of these rigbte is dotog aoia todantood to be connected with the arrangement of cerity."the Italian question without the aid of a Congress. know one litUe paper, subscription to which Tbe India and China mails had arrived, bring- Messrs. W. P. Gilhak & Co. would do well todence and details of ilnportance.Hews from Naasau, New-Providence, to Jan 11,thatthegeneralelectionformembersofthe nUy had resulted in a majority against theYellowfeverisprevailingatCuraijoa,especially lamoDK the troops stationed at that point. The fveaaal which biings the tidings, had lost one man by the itiitfatf, and had left three in the Hospital.IIhe Honsersiier Hr. XoBix,of Missouri, had obtain-now for ameekness, but the Impetus given to the peo-anyconclusion, he denies toe right of any Court,of interest. The mulls by publicany Congress, any Stote, anyextremely lolltogEuropeans may live .after toe manner of Mr.between ri^t and wrong.The Democratic Convt^itkin of Ohio baa baaa"cal Archimedes, "is the true test of sin-mination on toea man subscribes to.This," says our politi-any portionof thiscurea the peraonal ligbte of each iafiTiinaL Matajva and weaken the GovanuiWDt than aH tbapaiHiil The far East is commonly supposed to be an confiicta of the The sihli eoaflkt isin which day. iriopi—chargingtheage,)M||)|c-disapprovehave no objection to its extension, seventy-five 'vehicles, but renders It a work of great diffi-those who object to its extension, but are wil-showing conclusivelyevidently believespeedy access toEuropean already referred, has, however, discovered a were secured, we might probably be induced;a while longer; editor knows how to discover how many are but this is notoriously not the case. Not asincere in theirprofessionsof attachment totithegrievanceof the tide which flows down town in theharm, or,at allevente,when Will any 0Dion meetings help that f If it w8^ I hope yon will hold more of them, forno 1If this be the case, we think we ingvent toe necessity of ite being compelled toviolent means to this end. In"any laat evraiog. They supply us with correspon- of any merchant's name in their libra cCoro. Central Park, and (he demands of the trading froming nothingflM Amglo-Saxon were received in this Citymake a condition precedent to the inscriptionPresident,pling of the upper part of the Island by the combination of States under heaven, to abolish TxKirrsoic's Lotus-eaters, like gods togetoer, held, and was sttendad by a very MgWe feel satisfied we can what little gvessamonghighestjoar- of which W. F. G. should consider conclusive proof of a mer-world for space down town, have brought mat- ters to a crisis, and patience has now ceased— titlesnal it is thedaily pertisalJournal Commerce, this pleasant failed, by one lucndred deUgata ! I hare a toattoewisecounselsand Singapore ofprised ; tor I had tmlimited eonfidance to dn padtyofOhioDemocratstodoanything. 11 believe after thia in the tall of lariu. Theington persisttreating itbnt we doright qaeettoneJ ceiteialy mayFoK bavs held <BW* iTnUp meadqip^ Ip^tP*one has everoftoe" have satisfied most reasonable perMns thatand which is evidently very much too cute" the legislation of the country. It is a sorry toere are some exceptions to toe rule that and toe conduct of a Presidential campaign war has been gofaig on IM half ato make it necessary for na to advertise it by pretence for defeating the whole action of Con- mM,iBvtmn«i,i naming it, has come to the oonclnsion that gress and blocking the wheels of tbe Govern- GiuiAN & Co. have "strack a vein," ment to allege that Congress, in the exercisethatroBETUDnnr«My>-*M Jkfuum* the 8idd GiLMAR & Co., at the amah price of the majority, in its own discretion and accord- addressed to his relative, toe Vice-President of be called a "miserable deinsioa," and the ia- are? Hardly. Th^ itHfcwW'e WtWli<nf»I|iraowtMlafMaMi«a,ftrVinD«UAiiLsaybsTsfaeld aona. Ake w» tatZ. Alittlein this City, whichtoitsownviewsofitsconstitotionaloMataotUng yon to a former tester. AOmr-TwsTiut. and is moat anxious to share in the profitable of its appropriate functions, may, perhaps, dis- and sensible voice. He speaks as an Ameri- enacted. working thereof. A lengthy editorialj accord- regard the Constitution. It wHl be time enough can minister of religion, and appeals to toe pa-States got Kansas by another border war.^ -An- other border war is going on towaids IfniMlfnid it will terminate to CiTor of Fieedom. ByAaimy,PiKhtinK a WindnilU.Mi BraalBM* ingly, favors the enterprising Gilmah with a for members to resist any invasion of their triotism and national feeling of the cotutry, as Tbe stete of agitation toto which toe colored that is the i«8soB why I am te fisvor of 1^VAfcLAOjK'a THBATKB-Hnun v> Oun- reasonable measure of approval. It thinks he rights upon the occmrrence of the overt act;in a Afterand a consideraUe of toe Mexican Treaty. That treaty, if it is ndataiaed; portionzeal for the Const^ right meana of ascertaining which merchants totion, which manifesto itself in the most vio-gnatare sound and wiiich are not. But how is this to be done? How is W. P. Oiucax to ascertain whether tbe persons wfao pay himlent partisan obstinacy.City LocoBiotlon.The difficulties in the way of getting fromto toe learnedfifty dollars,almanac,Fifty doUars," so that we must again jnstify seceaslorB if It wers a conttitational reasedy " daily becoming great,re-AboUtlonists in disguise."convictions. Tbe convictions of a man liketOlthelandof the Aztecs wfflthe business part of the City to the upper and,thing else bat purely levolntlooarybis position byaad sees argimient,boMerawiUbenowheie; lod,to tbaIt is crowded in its w^ole length, from morn-ing till night, with omnibuses, to a degree thatriste,toropistoconfess toe convulsions toto which they why were they expelled ? For nothing hot have thrown our Anti-Slavery friends are not toe example o€ living peaceably aadnot only bars the progress of carte and privateculty for foot passengers to cross it at any point belowEighth-street.Businessvehiclescarryingwithout slavesfar had the wbole State live. That is alL I know Bar.linghondredthem up and getting their collectors tarred andfeathered,onehundredandfifly. Thisseems theirw^yalongItwithconsiderablerisk. In frontierunthintheUniongoods"may be 'fairly stated that leadingthoroughfareanyother words, itStatessuffered aSlaveryspecialHere ia another border-war. ArimaMaaiAkaherfreenegroeaintoexila. Theyaeattarft^J^ir Uvea,andnimibeiacometoOhio. ThsItIstobe chant's sonndflesa. But, for reasons sufficient- modation, and it must be better than any we eloquent appealslyobvious,wedeclinetomentionitsname. The dash and confidence manifestedhave had yet We must, in short, put an endOur remote contemporary Is not only remote, but apparently "unfriended, melancholy, slow."in this whole affair, bothThe Senate wais not in session yesterday. In himself and bis would-be editorial part- must have carsdispassionatelyuponis,Partyiseverybere dlsngaaind.ner, have excited onr admiration, to such a degree, however, that we cannot avoid giving them a little hint which may be of use in ex-comprehensive regard"which sounds to our Ctoto-will, probably, prosbate to be defeated under itsroads leading northward from the profane uses dressed. Virgiman to say that he exhibited powers of vitu- why may they not insist on his dealing with of public traffic. Broadway and Seventh-avenuecheap except can no lonew stand up under the derliratii— aadfeiatkm fairly exceeding those of^ his malicious certain tailors, and boot makers, and must contribute their share towards supplying8nppiBg with Satan.There is a proverb, we believe of Scottish civilization went to toere were no mocratic Party in toe Nortowest"assailant. Mr. Howabo, of Ohio, also made butchers? A smart tax might be leviedthe public wants, and Fifth-avenue itself mustSingaporebut to toe course of toe lasta question of privilege, based upon remarks contuned in the correspondence of another ionmal of this City. Subsequently the de- Inte on the plurality rule waa reestablished, when Mr. Shisxaii asked Hr. Clake whether he would withdraw his resolution in order to give liim an opportunity to explain. Hr. Clabk repliedThe Eentucay Democratic Convention has beenmoney that Mr. Sbkkhan had had two opportunities, but has alw^ays been so, and will alw^ays remainBepresentotivesbeginningthatofhis better - opponents any f TbabyGilhakto be a virtae.We most have more accom-stote of Uungs is byclergy- realms of Ormns and of Ind.downthe of the town mination of that grave question;gentle-they man. As yet his epeech has not caused, so far conflict T" U there any hnman mode of ptataat-upper partshould throw toeir unitedsudden, rash and unconstitutional action ontoe part of the Slave^totes. He also con-tends toat resistance to all enactmente in vio- has done someandthemuddier, the disUnces greater, and the walk- partconveyancesgoodwhile withgreatand luxuriousland,to omnibuses, and put railroads on every ism and looks faito,n.published evei^here that he was a traitor, but cannot help believing that there are not in London or P^s. At all events, the fact is, company. Mr. Booia A. Pbtob, of Virginia, liberal Democrat could hardly stand up for toe I tell yon no. The nomination of a SontbsmaMnpending, he never would explain a single word asto the extracts in the Helper book. It bad been the common sense of our own people, we cannotcheap with them soof Notbmgismas precautions advisable in toe case such toat has need of toem. The most era)file accusers failed to show any proof. When he ^ho«iM discover that hia name stood as a barrierto an organization, and was satisfied that member of his party could obtain as large a vote, be would retire from the field. Mr. Clabz re- plied that be would never withdraw his resolution, and that Mr. Bbkbiiaii's day of grace' was past. The House finally adjourned until Monday.The testimony taken at the Lawrence inquest, jesteiday, was chiefly cumulative. The aesti- tntionamong the wounded victims of the disaster baa beoi greatly alleviated by the donations so ]]betaUy forwarded from the cities.The State Legislature had a busy day of it. Intiie Senate, a number of local bills wereShe bili of Mr. FiZBO, establiahmg a Board of Par-done, md that of Mr. Hahhoitd in reference to ronage vnelabned dividends in savings banks, were intro-diioa4. The bill compelling the attendance of wit-Bfieee .before Municipal Committees was passed.Tbe bill relative to legal holidays reached a thirdniSbg. lb. Lawbsncs then took the floor tocwulafsieBcss to Johh Baomi andHii.FEB'8 Compen-dinm. He was followed by Mj. Haioioko, andUtea the Senate adionmed to Monday evening.The Honse reconsidered its refusal to grant aSpecial Committee on Prohibition, and substitutedIw such Committee an addition to that upon theKccise. Thebillsnoticed,introducedandwere not of general interest. A motion to adjourntoiawit on the Governor's Message, notcuttingfor a to to private carriage attemptSouthern gentlemen ought to exhibit so much indignation on findtog toemselves dealt with by this grotesque and groveling journal, as Mr.strongly to favorStogapore.evening was negatived.The Democrats, of the Mozart Hall faction, inelicited anMondayopenFortyof tchtmewhichhasforItsobjects the elevatloaofthe is now on the occurrence of ism as an engine of mischief against toe great woiklsg classes in England, has recently come tothe Twenty-seventh Congressional District of this State, held their Convention for the appointment of delegates to Charleston, on lliursday. A resoln- tioa Hon. DAam. S.'tranqoUtty wUl be raaiand !' Boohars the «!*«- publUhcdbyth«firmof Cassiu,Panax*GALra, sionaframthetaUasMtotheIswait.the bitter end."proclaimed the willingness of the Bepublicans creasing, and the inunlnent risk which all to treat suoha print as representative of North- BaouSBAK, Mtuxa Cmoa, aad ottier emlnmt men, in bold stand UMnleaaaAiis. Now aU dnM baa dk-selectingcanfidate for the Presidency waa adopted.pluralityrole,intheelectionofSpeaker, to worktorideamile. Astotbeomnibiwes,thenia Stock Market opened firm yesterday, but Ml en ia the aftamooa on meet of the Ballway" to vote on any and now ladiea whom every proposition,set down inenr of for the abolition of "the taxes on know- appeared, and on my recoat trip to the latelor Ibu* being era or ot any otoer^opinion, is simply and the cnisade convinced myself ottba favorable df^osiilsa tsaolBState and Federal Stocks hare naJbaey Market is easy to the Brokers, and U JBipwviBg on Merdiant paper. Exchange quiet : LoDdeii 109, and Paris f6.18) for standard billa.An unusually active business was transacted intheypending, or which may be pending." nm over before they ean reach the sidewalk,yottoP, Wheat wereall will banasTofAuBSuaaiquiet.Com was moreexert question of the validity of the Congressional themselves at once to make their stores acces-sible to the up-town population, business willrapidly migrate, as it is even now threateningPrices ofLMWpressed.liowever, lower rates. Rye, Barley, and the prin-domontade,with his name and works. The Immwllate object ofkmda of^pal atten-and also to the factportance,the midst of its thoughtless patronshis presentsystematicout an Illustrated family BiUe, which has already at- tained an almost unprecedented drcalatloa in Greatover to the Liberal Action if the MyeaMiaf jipta"iSJ^"""'seed Oil, were mauiredBlack vs.Sovereignty, Popular "hasatrtadr bemed by the Uberal forces, and lostaf^ •«nn a.45 p.M., on .ad »ft«r next Monday.Provisions, attracted moraenactments of thethat all the members hold their seats under thetion. Coffee,DryCodfish,Pickledperiod,fdlstrlbutton of tilsRoBus, HABQess, Wou, aad Txux had not Ss^ them away."TheMackerel, Por- Hay,. Hops, Eice, Tallow, and Lin-of the same —rule, Bhode Island to do, into the lower part Fifth-avenue,for. Baisinswere briskly sought after, i^artly on speculation. Sugars anSoperationiExtraordinaryfrom Mexiootali«*an•Whisky were mand droopmg. Leather was very modmtell dealt in, as were likewise Seeds and SpicesTSlIs amodelefforMsvictorylaCoUmatheyprioej. whichwerenotmfavor. Thements were limited."tS^'„'e^8CosTiLU, PanxiroTXAUx, Gustati, Doas and Hdakd, ble against this place. Cooasotsd WJI*Id France. When we add that they hare been en-on wocd W. J. Hinoa, Wiluavs, Fxas- byless rMuest.areand excellence. The taxt Is elucidated by a copious give a baU. The RaactiOBists an now pattfagfaAMiss Butt's "Lksdbi •lew-York dees not treatgive the warmest receoUon to thuone acooont saysa Preach fleat wUlooaw ban toOld DomlnIon,"1ni ha"only to toeir original and sovereign cap^itymonthly parts,_vii Onaittlco, to attack Coms. ia corgunctioaHides werSpleWybytoeTerritorialAssem- engravingvision of toe organic act for toe Territory are all original, and by such artists as GrLaaaT, rations to attack Vera Gnu. This, howetar, ti««hehassot themeaastogetnpa>;•^.J'^'H. ^^'*'- The pubh'c sale of T^re same way; for •atted m the ofdisposaland the withdrawal of most of" leaves toefree BsACB, FAucxa, and Mtcaouoir, in England aadperfectly n^*^most of the blackstffSithough he shallenjoymentpave-reported.omittingpassed,to it which can be maintained dur-TbeingBroadway property holders are said to oppose it, because it would render their street lessattractive to loungers and promenaders. But we can tell them that the length which It hasgreat now attained isof it from the reach of all walkers from up town. To be traversed at all it must be traversed in a vehicle. It Is, however, al- ready absolutely dangerous, as we have said,the election aad wait for tbaDicKmsoKasaplans ; theybeamazedatitepersonalabuseoftoem-improved.Frei^ght e?TM!: "ngBge-Theiralone appear- people imagine,anyfor the me^ns of .'ocomotion to ato toat distin- guished gentleman to say toat he calls out'many men among the New-Tork mercliants who can be made the victims of this transpar- ent mercantile job. Giluan and his confed- erates evidently belong to the horde of some-has been toe first victim of this misplacedrapid nati(ralization of immigrant tigers. Thesecast a cold shadow toe fabulous toings uponis the mevitable defeat of the Democracy.Our new Governor is inagruated, aa I told yoa he would be, aimdst much of our Westva back-woods display, to such thinga, Itafpom,what unscrupulous andalways rise to the surface in times ofwho exclaims with great propriety toat, "ma Tbe* new Govemer, to his inangaral, yon sea, place, too, where one would suppose it might be treats toe idea of a Southern Con&OBacy wilbca- lamity and distress, like Cornish wreckers in a storm, to trade on the fears, perplexities andrn ente on toe floor of toe House in photographing toe editor of toe Herald. The picture is in- cisive certainly, and few win be inclined, to dispute ite correctoess, while toe artistic finishequaltheThieves in number—badsignedter times an comlaf'Urn AimVaaai •Mass-'The Organization of Congress.berately alliedTbe skillful in the House ofof Mr.Colfaxreach the Horsesleans Picoftmt says:cross-questioning Bepresentativeswell theincendiary purposesto which its coL" Never in tba MtrVf my long aojoom amongpeople have I aeea more iihsislas Aoea tfeaa ansa tbe telegraphic dtspateh of the Pirnm*. gislw Jk» contenu of the Preridenfa Maasaga irtatoM te Wulrenterprisingservice.A railroad In Broadway is so connected inthe minds of many people with the idea of fraud and jobbery, that the mere mention of It fills them with holy horror; but f^ere is, inofalone requiring a majority vote to elect her Fourteenth-street and other cross streeU indatasta** Gov, Black to bis veto of toe Act to pro- Britain, and which, as far as paper, print, and wood Sthinst. ThentumofMiaAaoaUdaUylMkattoicompete'that we are. dependent on cars and stagesde-singular necessity, press men who every line of communication into the publicpublicand unfortimate.easy to purchase as good tea as the poorest Eng-lishman at home daily enjoys, it is lamentable togreat indignitT, and thinks the world can get akag pretty weU without that appendage to onr taiLOur Legislature will probably elect a new Baaa-gree^whenhefinds himselfscorched.splendorsdeep-—we cannot compare wito yoo slthnagh yoar Al-onavowal of the fact that certain and vehicle run the risk of seriousHall, or even Canal street.members of the Democratic Party said to at every step, and the blockade whichMr. Colfax, at the same time,time they take to make their tripe is daily in-many Manv had tMr misftriags ai irst wbsthar.th* years before tbe F"e"'''' piiblic as a coadjutor of Lord Preaideat woold stand op to the treaty, and tabs aSpeakerthe former were de- had been elected under that rtile without a that unlesspeople,thstamajority of our readers are doobtleas fsmlliar swear that tisy never had other priadplaa batfreely purchased, at.Thursday —Cityumns have been ever devoted. have Theyand must therefore, ofof Eastern life, which is furtherMr. Pbtob yesterday occupied a few mo- ened by anotoer complaint of our contemporary, banv State-house is a ant afaeU to ob Ciiiitalanxieties of theThey scent the national misfortunes as keenly reality, not a single objection to be made of the treatment will comjnend it to generalofsuchwillnotboto in point ot character and ability, had t>een very indecently assailed by toe Press which be de- picts. But toe qnestion will force itself uponButIthinktheiearenotA Ynnuui OaaBrkc,cowardlythtok toat one can purchase nothing but trash." tor next week, and will elect Gov. Cbasb, whoAfter all, thisVorld is made up of compensa- well deserves that eoosideiation at tbe hands sCallSoimdBepubUcana. Ifr. Coxwni, Mr. DBAae tions. They have no taxes to Singapore, and and one or two otbera, had a blend or two wiBiacperpetaal sunshine. In New-York, we have to poatponeas a vulture does a battle-field. Any New-Tork merchant who consents to trade under the pat-admiration. Nor can it be denied toat Mr. Pbtob, who, despite his occasional escapadeswecan every thinking man, whether toe Souto and Congress.people,self-respect, but may feel thoroughly satisfiedthat he wHl incur the hearty contempt of the South. Southerners have, no doubt,many faults,high reputationtaxes and no more sunshine toan of accidente. of toem.but they possess in an eminentvirtue of admiring and respecting manliness and pluck, and its correlative virtue of loathing and despising their pitiiiil opposites.—SIDES BTATB Or THB COBTIR.The mails by the Temtettee, from Yen Craaaa the 9th last, reached this City last evaBlag.The news has been briefly anticipated by iSpeaking of the receptloB of tbesage at Vera Crux, tbe oonespODdent of the Ifea^Or-onlydegreetheoff at least halfBut toe trav-losehisownofhottemper, enjoys atwo minutes of fairdiscussion.chapter qoite eat^ba mutpal pledge to resist the adoption of the tbe least obstruction, makes it a day's toeir extreme and fanatical "!*— should in New-York and elsewhere, for the sale of works •Thank God, oar dellveranea is near!' 'PeasaaalBroadway property-holdersexulte in its newly-acquired im- and assumes toe airs of a master insuccessfullybut will the;pao^Tinjurychosen to use iteconcealed Abolitionlong prominentenergetic promotereveryconcerned. President of the United States is elected in the the old thoroughfare will be left in the placid bly of Nebraska, tokes the ground toat a pro- oommentaiy and marginal referencesanddelegates.;storekeepers alongItmighthavebeenaddedthat the that neighborhoodandthehibit Slavery," passedcheapnessprapaiflgl*the Constitution re- receive a majority of the electoral votes, yet the electors themselves, inof their smooth but deserted ment. To accomplish this, the omnibuses mustquires thatthe different States, may be elected by awhichpeople;plural- practicalgravedintended SOH and FASiouiAKca, and others of similarv**!?*'^be at once removed.would make a greater difference in theexpeditionof Congress must originally be settled by that two tracks, and running cars thereon at pre- out a good show of argument against toe con- "wood-cotted" for ttebeneat of body itself; and the decidon of the majority of scribed intervals, at a prescribed rate of fare, sistency of such a provision with toe other-« mortan, all of bis monitiuisof war, ana««pk by BsAST, and does hsrdlrnsl. But how can a woodcut be ;^Lr^r""r"* "^^^*««^ihJ**"^!"^ "^"* ^ Eliiw,AD.-For'»« New.York and^?.T^n?"//'!fi!:!''«"'Ve ti^^*^" ^'*" "^ "*"" °fSTl^n b^l*'Stb °i hand Ge"-^'"-"''"e^^SSjusUc. to tte oriS^ expeeted to do V,?.oTt^etory over the LiBerais atthe """^"^^ «f!2^*|Sg er^tefthanthat, under accommodate the large force of carswhileDecember, the Government^"«T«em,.alxUi..treet. ThUomc^, the country.to nected wito toe distinot recognition of theits members in favor of. such constitutionalitymust be sold at auction to the highest bidder.wise dependent condition of a Territory In hav-"^ABVAJAI, one of the Ubmalgaltedaala. taklig piecespubUsher. wdodcut Is until it is reversed the As soon as ato tar The aBer^ w. is conclusive — by only the line is in operation, dep6t ingits Governor and other officersappointeda great rtciorr over "M"*'^;;-*!^g Gea^rsoK, nea^—»"competent tribunal the There is no clearer principleSupreme Court. might be established at the Bowling-green tobut he hasis at variance withof war, and 260 piisoners. .oursystem,themajorityshouldgovernmajorily againstwith hta;a(i« « ardt abandoned, retpralag agamdisappearanceihis It Is said that the French an aboat to sia< repiKt,a fleet bere to aid the MInmon largeIn fact thej e^ft^"^^ZV**1folk, Virginia, forlnsUnce, wli^nUk!!Lil/'^^ question of the constitutionality of any action nary vehicles, and tbe privilege of laying down lion. The Governor may have meant to make cents. We with the entorprise every success- Woen We have to-day, also, rwjelved it»^>'*J!fi,S-MoiJMTg."~After allVirginia so badlv m.^^' 'politicaltoepeople"ity.We necessitypluralityneyerpower when anyrule is a organization of anyBroadwaythan moststanding, farther enumer&tloB of Ibeir merits will be un-;for tl3.fl00.000 <a tbe s to retain JM>00(),OM).in thebody, or in the election of public officers, and all representative government might at any mo-thisacting torough toeir Territorial Legislature, butance ofand wouldleave it very free for the remaining to giveThis done, a Board ofmust decide on the form of rail and sort of carnecessary. The work is to be Issued In forty-elgbtpartof Spida,for whick Fiaaoavehicles.Engineersthe first of which now lies before us. It contains fourteen Urge engravings and nineteen-- Gen. Alvabbs haa sort 3,QM troops beat Aw»als«ig^"tlon. of theprejudice agslnst tb. daughter of tiePreaWeaU." Mi,. Ma.»L hL,«s Bon rfXr ment come to an end ^vithout it. But the which will cause least inconvenience for ordi- exhibited to the formation of a SUte Constito- cmaller ones. Is quarto size, and is sold at fifteen Tehuaatepec troops, under Pa«»ix»PiA»;___ „^byand if wailing, that will be needed for the even- law of Congress,;onlyofhis munitions^ ,,^a majority of the members the House desire ing traffic, and we trust the Police wouldAltboert he took Ut^S.the of the plurality rule, then the at- their duly in seeing that the people were car-cargo of ship Uaxgaret, MssauAR, of Portlaiid, from eicht piecefsoomfeaZnImOermye in killed»»?.»«»•»^««»',£»?S^adoption temptunless such had been con- repealMemory Rock, was saved and brought lata Nassau.barkterday morning from Curaooa, we learn that .veilowardice.by dilatory motions, and parliamentary tactics, like sheep in a pen. Private carriages been repealed,a is would then ""d C"- the House from coming to vote, really fac-to tbe Minixterial OazeUe<^^*^season of asserting,nationalpopulationtoe whites to this City have been torown by Mr. according to Its terms, wlh give as lAaitf sadof such whether any remedy,stance, opinionsbybybyHe regards toe Harper's Ferry affair asntoe-tentbs philosophers,havingin toe event oTheandImolishingas we have heard, any considerable defection ing your Union meetinga heal waairisfrom the Anti-Slavery ranks. It win be time enough, therefore, to denounce him, when heconfidence, and we owe itlustilydue course a security to toe whole slave;EentuckianState, and will conacientionaandupright.and tons gives caneverhaveoutoftheUnion."ThefourborderThere Uthis fact to entitle his views onple-dumpUngshaa [preached many yean ia thatof righte anyof toecan Union toan out of it, and that the firm deter-ofConfederacy to maintain ite righte, will pre-men toatan American citizen."which noanytomg nothmgmassuredlyI believe Uai to baof itthousand-fold greaterpreach again..partaCommon Council, and daily reporte of toe debates toback to a level, and should reconcile us to our fate.Fenwna].Mr. Jomr Casszll, of London, the well-knownpublisher of educational works, and who has beenas anestablished, conservative sentiment which mterferes with this country for the purpose of eitabllshing agenciesPbtob has been.themselves with toe ifcra/rf,Theyhave del knowingperfectlyhardlylatei eted »m aaAs liiBniitli Is piselves? No men knew better than toey, thatof Ludgatescandalously absurd.Ought toey to be sur-ledge,"—the stamp duty and the paper doty—and also an isterventiaa such as tba Pieridealaafea.own,oadwtka«*P9*n5** the plurality rule, he referred to the more seriwa qnestion for tbe whole shopping usual consequence which toey, for their own effecting Euch s revolution in the British newspaper Crns, tbe wbole eoantry will at aasa fwtaaWr*In of the supportconstitntionalityof isrenderingajonmeydown-townamoreandprieed when toe Herald, presuming on the un-If,saywhich was a shade dearer. Flour and two previous instances in which a world. The sum and substance ofthe matter is>msss of cheap and excellent literature which Isand booli world, as well as tn tlie habits of the tbeir&vor.and aotUngwUlb* htUitttimtmdImpurposes, have seen fit to confer uponits rho-ilock to Oetoereofto form and regulate toeir domestic institutionsgammonin toeir own way, subject only tion oftoe United Stetes," was"to toe Constito-My rangemeat between Praaee aad SpalB, asaaa ia ns^the Federal Governmentsucceeded to advancing an toterpretation of a.election for members of the Hou£e of Assembly took place on the several itlands t>etween the 20th and 23th wtiichwhich historic fact.re&iilted in aThe ship Lock Lamar, from New-York for Havre*of CcUoa, bat suii«qu«ntly teok possession wtfat''of doon the part of the minority to prevent, ried in a decent, civilized manner, and not the Missouri Compromise could ever have New-Orleans lor Glasgow, wrecked Dec. 16. on which, he shot fourteen of his own offloers wrsimpleIt is the height of absurdity to pretend thatthis^.nltco^ him dear, *?JSYbllow FrvEB AT CtnJACOA.—By thetions, and will be eventually so understood by traverse all portions of toe street freely, and right of toe people of the Territories in their Vcnu»,Capt. ATKiir80H,wfaich arrived at this port yes- Jmtr»ctm ia Bassla, tlure appeared '»f"l^We care not under what pretext this factious;hibit Slavery. temporaneousIt is useless to refer to all qoa- coDstructioos of toe Kanias-aaopposition to an organization may be arrayedtoess,or to do their(hehospitalthere three others sick.that vast of portionordtoary territorial legislation to allow or pro-^P^Tai of boeks ggSfind it easy enoughAccordingorigtosl worU, 894 Inaalatioas. aad '«who Jo not keep carriages could come and go to their bns-IH^www.fultonhistory.comNew-Yorkersshopping, quickly, cheafdyat that place. The Vtmu lost one man by the disease, aad left laThe nombersabroad amoaated to 1^14^ voJa«es, nerethaalaUirta^Untitled Documentwhy;andpriesta,in this to- The border war goes on. Wa faava joat bad. twato the aignal exampiea of it Tbbty'^ix an, we^NaSlave States Texas a border war. HaMm Brpresentative Goverantent have ever been got bywhich animates her people" Wholly unable to compreheDd haw it can be to tainly very unaccountable and even naaeieses- gahimself, tothe interest of any State to secede from the tJotoa— As Mr. O'Cosob did not to wutato goes, and-tbey will aiake their maifc, whatter itsary.I bow tbe right to seceds can be coiutdtred any-attemptaU toat be saidJ^ak says onr astute contempomry, would be call the attention of Ihe I«gialature and the nothing Is the aspect of Ihe times promlalBg aoythtng Mr. O'CoHOB are always entitled to be treated like a very diffisrant aiblr. But I aai WaaiMiBf-:gentleman^respect are;of all countries andwepelled, by KentockyBerea, in Madiaon County of that State. ,more than tola.;the"coloreddissolution, argues, world " to expend no more time in de- to be crashed between tbe upper andweight againstallit ? Willlike these? The Uiuted State* Post-oCe* is robbed and the freedim of the Preaa is aneilitd.lation of toebe more successfully carried on within toe recast into anStates,his loose assertions shall have been solemnly establishment in any region of tbe eaitb"of all human careless of mankind." But if we are to put ture. They nominated Docolab by a laiga ]•-faito in our namesake, toe Straitt Times, and jority, and then the motiao to make it ithe Democraticavenue, and on Broadway also, and we toe conflicte of sections, and includes to his He complains toat toe cost of living In style at There are two ideas to tbe better part of the De-on themthan atall to furnish everybody who wants to ride of toe wbole country, may not pass unheeded, Calcutta. True, toere are no taxes in Singa- toem. The first ia as expressed to me that it isenough nmningtoe intereste and honor SingaporeIs at laast 80 cent, perhighermocracy just now,wluch— —atday and night. It is absurd to suppose that it moderation on toe of toose of his country- amito ears "like stories from toe land ofwith a comfortable seat,allparty gopartmen to whom toey ate more particularly ad-"to eat or drink isorigin, which avers toat toe man must have amaking the purchase of their wares indis- doom is all the mors certain, because New- long spoon who would sup kail wito toe few years " an emigration of tigers from toe Mr. Bbbceubioob with scarcely less. GoraaiB isin this way on "sound" tradesmen forDouslab withdeviL Of toe wisdom of this ancient " , their man, and rigb^ly^so, for he is worth both toa adage, mam land has taken place, and people are per- others put together.pensable preliminariesthe South. In short, the field is colossal. TheYork is the the only large city in the worid which is totally without a cheap cab system.some of the leading Soutoem members ofon toeir to toe Post- wayDouolab ia varyfield forbarefaced to extort attemptstoe House ofarepetually snapped upOffice, or while smoking m toeir hack piazzas,by toese shameless and enterprismg beaste. so>, and other Southern men, made it petieetlyto well with standingere long follow their example. This vulgartigersIn toeland,held, and treatedcontempt; andin asaid the opportunity had never been offered him, so. As long as there are dupes in the world for pubUb~-conveyances to carry people to They have been trying to eat fire wito toe If ever toe doctrtoe and practice of Know- certain that he carmot be nominated by a nnitaaTheCity runsfact that theline in (one direction renders It very easylong to obtain a valuable personal experience.and ao help him God, while that resolution was there will be knaves; and yet, confident in the destination at so a rate, that cabs Herald, and have neglected toe preliminary could be justified, we should sayiad&iledtoavailhimselfofthem. Mr.SaisuANham coete fifty cente a pound,"made a Singapore nondnee of toe Conventionperpetualuse a ;Mayor,The baluice so far incUnes verycomfortablyofeUng tigers and the trashy tea tip the scalesHIU. BIr.Cassiuhasbeenforsoss one of tbe earliest laborers In the diffosion of theone ihoosandreaponslblei Valted States oflov, an la^*ML5Svisit to America is toChurch Party; that Una wooM have glatfTa****it costs so little to procure a specimen, further criti- cism on our part is annecessary.Paon NASSAr, N. P.—By the brig Alma, Capt. Basoh, which arrived here Testeiday, we have datesCoL Tauo, one of Cosos' chieto, was reojaUruuii'^t.Afrom Nassau to Jsn. 1 1. general6 of arttllMT. SCO stand of arM,laaagurate a more pabUcatlons.by bringingwss loading cotton from wreck of sliip Rtdicaod. The to GuartaiajarH.batajs»| —fever was prevailing among the troopsiapotfed in^osithe;drawings the Idea that MixAaoB wlUimmedli^ makaia^sthere may be a border war tor itbat tfliat;of Mr.Can any one? Our Western DemociatoThe'poUtiail conditionbad, but isKentucky Convention, toe declarations of Ivaa-tohalf-way promise support sayPmtber firma Hexioo.IHX rXXStSKBT'S nSSAOB—VICMBIIS OH WmMcanai&lrawaathem. All, and wtthoat exeSait, •iidalnMi.Tji%parties;ones; tbat Uiw aevor snppotted MisAasa aacM*sod another says ttat, by makea daaae"haveafrowdiea, from tbe viHaiil rfjnst aa Haaar Clat woold ha*a to be JoHB G. TcB, who founded that colony. Ha is alead-ii sal fea-iii- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 