 gt^t NciD-gorK Cimeo, Btttorbag. jtbwugg «5, HB**«T, Nearly 3,000 citUens of erery c1«m. r«nli only to be canted oet ta the event of tbe formation of heer; a reduction in game certlfteates, whlsh would kwtag Oovei uaient will not, at a aaoalti'a aeUoe. dr>> Emperor Narottos L has left lo his famUr waratoii saro, have TtaoAat tkat the tiaeps in the Keaafaaof the NatloiiHl Guard, recpoDdlogto the api)^! ornot taken piaoa; and Ooveniment h»d received distlaet aKuraaees from Prance and Sar-drawn to self.Tho XWerlcan Macea atcertain tb« we Shall aU afaoHiyreUuioa aloei It is awiSTbefJ^the li'of tba bead of the G..»er(iiDf>iil,tb« honeat man, and tna first soldier of Itallaa lods- and DsaBT, wbn thW motloa was withdrawn.RianaiieiBent to they hopesave £M,M|D In Cusiomi>,WiagTrit togeUwro«prl»a'e and pol.tlcal »!•••, all were aaltod in one eonuKai devvnon fo( ibelr Qoaatrr apd fbr liberty.remains to me to pray to Oodyoung impertal togs.villages—wereluthebelaw was untenable, and folly n«reed with the Aooll-tloDists that it to be The next re- ought repealed.At ths Tatioar, Jan. 6, 1860.h._kIT^. .ti° '^f-'- ''e'ennes with gabions on tbe bof-JSlStSJSS?'*^'^^was Lot sufficient evidence to establish theSpeeck of Bia BolliMaa aX Hke Americaii College.<loctriBei tl^ most exiensiveto application Englandlarger;8ueA a aanlfestaiion waa of a nature to eaaaarcof tt« Fnach Preaa, ae <Mwi|>UaBt toaaa wne beboJd lately an Ineredlhle aottetity ;'filthyfrom an^normous of paper quantitythem.examination of tbe examination of the wiinessesP1D8 LX-"' iia««Bwarttaly mlnepieseiited.rotude,buttoat,if toe bench belteved theA correspondent transmka to tbe Loniloa Timetwhich, joiifii (o tl.eoa'iiiiticenergy of your children,makingstatement beforecarefullygoneonlytoarm himself with gieater courage, at he grtefLcmbarcy by ImpenaiG->re(S-would render you inviLcilile.—(Here follow natures.)oplniuncient evidence to commit both of toem for trial onif several murders on toecharges high seas, anl theyof his heait was, rendered more neveitUetess,Ri* nt, ou ci.ito:tions such %z Jsdt Home isooteracaa-and tUe Project of AnnexatioD. fVom the London 7\me8,9m^tiXk—CoWLBi's mission to Vienna, a secret agreement had;had affected tbe estimates. There was the expeditionborough jail,sgreed the debate should take place on Monday toe American auihorities to tois for trans- faiih, and with possesrlng the most august throne on Vtneiia does notBaclandTheat least. After somediscussion,it wasannexation of Savoy and \ice to France la aceoonted for in two ways. Privately It is whispered—and nobody seems to contradict the as-week.The voto was agreed to.(»uiitry,inifslon to ibe United Stotes, On their removal from the Court, Ihe crowd to attendance yelled and htxit-—eatih ibat even heie the minr's and hearts of menexcite objection, bat tt Bust be left open to consider any concessions whichpeatedrepresentativesimpeniiiogto China, and the additional cost of ourmilitary pre-were his fears were not hopelessly perverted. No,milevote some; It,wedactit^n of £1,810,010, and would thewrongsideofthebalances. Bubtous rather on compensateeign Affairs ts toe French diplomatic ageataand which may be considered to some sort toe gramme of ihe Imketlal Government oo its foieiga policy. It will be couched in a sense eminently ase ctfic and fiiendly to all. It is reported at toe War-day's notice has been eetxater- solely prayer and supplication toat The Coiutt(iit>oi«ief. to an article stgaed by ILthat beiore the war of lastbefore Lord Families ofPoaitton of the Chinese Qneetion.Front the London Times, jail,been entered into between the flaaoe and Sardinia, by which the taok Id transfer to the two Italian; it hadcomplicated questionwar will receive, perhaps, additional elucidation fromCnurch,troops, M. nz Thuovahai says: "We regard our-of U>|«ad friend and brother the Emperor of Austria, umA tka KiBg wndenook, In consideration of the said Itlilian provinces, duly conquered and delivered to btat, to give Dp to France his hereditary dominions of SavoyajMltheooootyofNice. Werethisakindof transaction which was to be re-lattieeolor or the a little map.The first who moves Is Sir Csablss Va»iCommander of the garrison of Canton. He learnsKingprovincescolumn. The at dispatehes,far more than all this was toe perversion of alllikely frequently had tiie example anytiUng of cuntajionlosses, ourallour adversaries or not.and none more so toan toat of thean American liner, which yesterday returned to Liv-lavished on toe most viltanous of men ana acniens,while at toe same time endurance in the faith andot aaoh a contract.uoexuectedly, partof theThoughJanuary last,strange audacity by toe names of hypocrisy,say now, than ever, 11 was high time office, toat toe order for tta French amy la Ita^ tomight spaceto to a critical examination But, as we verily believeabroad, prcs-have it thoughtplaceafter vatoefforttoreachNew- episcopalresolutionmmatoiaioingtoeholyrightsofamong Sovereigns Stuope, varying from each other as they do just asmock IB personal merit as in territorialvIm would have bartered away the cradle of bis dy- aasty and the moat ancient and faithful province of hiM aominions for the richest Inheritance of hisbor, we deem the taik of criticismflaona. It is q>ilte a f»raLly affilr a;pointenough to remark, aa we proceed, that the question 26J«° W.fanaticism and perversion of religion. He then wentIn theOf nvaranent, ano the thing is done, Savoy having muqr aa iutie to say in the affair as the horsewe sea so reason to make ourselves both parties rise from toe table losers.as it stood, this would require the neat and intolllgl-emergencies.Mr. B&ucs replies to these inquiries in a most paci-changesystemHe presentSTgAuciirzsc,aadaclty of fal«isongs, chorusesandyellingIndulgedbythat avast Impulse wouldgiven to rural labor.«"5?' ;!*!«*• Jhty merely tbe work of chU- rif t?^ K **'"" ""» '"f I'*' four mea and a corixvyear,byRoyal Emperorover to the wrath ofnecessarythirty-two days'entirety sllghiall those evils wasthe toteliect,application.That increase amounted to no lesj than proceed£14,720,000, conflicts lO the contriry notwithstanding. Ourfleeticlta thefibrous sabstan- many mi^ht paper.batbariUea pnictieed ttpon?' "' 'atber ttiote who preceded them, a»- .iBJ"TM**!CotalDly, we haVa onfideuce In the loyulty and charges of several murdero on the high seas.duty, captain lacludlog the paper duty, was a temisslon of «>ne owner ol toe Atma, was tiiea^examtoed, and gave aprtocipieol nonlntervenUonto be ap'^pvna*tntegnty.tnnartfbaity* Savoy has counted upon England. and Lasx, of the Ametlesn bark jtima, for trial, onpart-miilien.aBd conftderingthe increase of consumption, general dental of tbe statements made by the men who Ik .".'t,'" °"^'J**5' '" »•"» sovereign city, to order•ttaekatint of oar country to Victor Bmxlnuul IE., in tin traltbtfOTwardesa and firmoesj of ols Govcm- •aa^lDJLw* v« alio aware of tbe ftrength whichThe men are detained la prison until they can be senthomebytheAmericanauthoritiesfortrial.whicb he valued at £840,000, the total loss to toe rev- l:ad been examined to ol toe case. Wito re- supportenue would be £3,('00.000. while tne relief to tbe coa- ference to tae death of AsMBTaono, the eaptola statednations who would have to coDcerntog new tonitorlallWNr,ainled tiy error, may wield tn the world.sumers would be £3.93l,00a Making furtoer allow- that the ertty was m sde in tbe log that he fell ovor-The half-yearly meeting of the Great Ship Compa- ance lor the new chariies, and the saving in mina«e- boaid, and tnat the first he heard of toe matter was a then,of this new foundation,college, he had only foUswed to vited to vole on their own CoastitutioB. SkooUWa come topeople of England, becausewas in London on tbe 7th meot, the net loss to toe revenue would be £28,000. err of "A man overboard!" wben he ordered toe step* of his UiUBt{ioua predecessors. It th'JsIbcmselTes for aitoexatloa wito 8ar-tbeb desceadanis;do iiot allow ahovtereriBtTednciloB of the BrlUsh Badget.In the House ol Common*, on the 10th instnnt,declared that before ayuu,ny because Inst. The•moBg all people yoa are great In lioerty;of Ihe Committee ofrecommends the formation a new Board of Directors,Thus. In Ihe present year only forty -six articles re- all bands aft, and told toe helmsman tomained on the tariff, and only forty-four would re- pat the wlieel down. It had been oloirlBg pHjoeltoess hadperlormed a sim- olnia, the latter deserving praise. After His toetr wlsbes,powerto be aalhorixed toecooapUihjonr powerful voice, encouiaging nations strugglingMr ttaelr Independence, em protect them by railingreportInvestigatloaduty than an actap innirmotintablebairieis oeforethem.Heaven, toe sole solace ajid com'ort vouchsafed to throughout toe vicbisituoes of fortune, to tots world too truly named a vale of tears—he thea ex pressed his extreme distress toat in these days this very laith should be made an-people,amall It may be, to be extinguished, to give liberty tothe Trc8.«tiry in ihepretcnt year. The accotut tfieaus Italian States has Ukes place.5. France to witodraw her 6iMB tnmpsespecial object01 attack, and added that tfaii fact alone was Emperor,*na. da 9ot allow that old Aliob/oaia, which de- J As territory and lu rights against the undentf>om lever and and ague,who was also illother partetoe cause of his deep and profound dejection. Toere Fiench Goveinnient It'a Mfhm, Bow^Ter great It may become.triesig-bitter still by beholdtog tbat to tois very peninsula, so highly privileged by God, not only eaiowed with the faith, but honored with being tbe centre of toatte<] nil the Holy See is secure fiom aor Isoai- harm,uuder-citure, estimated at had been £6S,9»3,000,pievljus negotiations upon tt with stipulations Villafranca, pledgefor this, he had received, mostthera Is not cna all the of debt frum Spain, in the shape of blUs, to the amountThis, however, difficulty,actually strftlngerpool,York.on her tweuty-fourto day out she had only reachedthat faiih, and its provident blessings, are stigmapzedwito adominion,neigh- aiteratisabe converted and live. Tnat toe chief ofGRAaDOciu.oT, declares toat toe signs aanoaaeed from all parts of France concemtog toe depLerablo effect which has beeo pro:]aced by the letter of HkoImperialto face. They the duties of tea and mightkeeppossibly,Ingo China,which shows him to be an seaman. He of his visit to Palazzo del Govemo, the prison to Ian diplomatic agents at Foreiga Courta. It bears accomplishedunhappy, thoughNow cameagainstble income tax of Is. In tneBat tliough this be toe leal nature of tbe threatened question, what had become of the estimates of 1853 Sof toe has called me to dbie direction of Kinga powerful ItaHsa Kingdom on tbe Pranch fronUere.iBcrease lbs sale, graotinr thoae cenlficatas for a few monttu at a reduced cost kto remove the exemo- U^M-frofa stampeor on cbeeB Heua again Into war.''oaysUst weak lauonsof CoaiiuN Hiaxa and Esmcm Laaa.the tw»woriby of a PhUo«.ph.n whj"i ^S^'i amoaat t» 43.IN mtm, axl that all resistaaee Is as*.less. I do BOt beUere «kat tke Papal Oevara>aeateeahave aay caaideoca to the popvlaUnn of Pesara, arte our words, and oarreitjdoeorugSB. Endeavor ailoor deesis manliest their opnoaltiao by deserting the toeauaiThis event hadfound resourcCeh*ranldia^Uevlatloa tollkawise repealed some oth#; sma.ldinia that the *Vm»^Anamu not contemplated. He Uoas. He thus (bialned an Ikerea^ of £5lO,OuO inBMt ra ttw Cb»mp de Mars.tlaoil colore ll»lDg, they proceeded to restdenoeriot of the most scandalousof a treat duiv, there orre, doubUeia, maoyoplalons the Church of St. George's In the East. London. The Ihe paper duty. That duty ha alieajyeotaeed leagtlieaed Muuaa* pearand (;ei;laro<l pub llcHtfaelrwUtato r^tn-ii, free uoder tfte C.n.tllu- tlootl Go»«rnmeBt of Vicroa Enajni«i H., the King,Oueei^eRiid £36jMu In tbe inland Revenue. Tbe total wosild cnatMi a< be Aneitcan barkt^saa lo experlMea-tbe-eMsott of Bis ptty, «oa not thise"JJf?«; U"i"o'i.i??."*:appealed to the withdraw ^tk^MplT Koraandy tobeforethen ta mi>- hot. In the face of a of 6,000 men, tber wit great MoMal of Obd ta garrlaoathe matlan. to the annexa'Joii Baaedh&liF^ipesiilannot toe States wittwot talliag yoa toat <)alt Papalweie made by^SMVKOaAv,' Ebahssbdst, BsoeoaaKtie iCVbltMO; thus comfiensatlng the secaod part of oei ing several of Uiethese Customs reforms. Thus, on the whole, In- brtiiai coutie of iH-tieataient and aiaault*.of tnof BlBjusdee. IspeakmtobtabsetOToa to tmolyl thceharacterFor tie leat, I Ihaok you for your friend- tad. tK tbeare- vistons are exerbiuntly dear la arery towa thrtxgkAnothernUe otiler luiii manly dignltT to the aceompUahment description toek place on Sunday evening (5lhl at eext came to a larger item. He propised totoe world.Tne pri so* ly expiessloBs ia my fegaii, ooBttaae to measturance companies at CattoilcaIm thla corrurrersBfemenisduly not ooiy operated uniustly against puilloatlans for tbe oja*aes, but prevented toe miQufactare olhaa a seaton eachooca-slon.the reaaiader of tbe reg(* mei.t, whicb w bs ai Rim ni, has been dliperaed !>a.of England by Normandy has agncuituri'.t. whose income h-ij exce^, Je.i uiiotee'ihetteir. Theannexed to our Crown tne Channelmuch nearer to tbe coast of France than to Ihnt ofconquestpercent. Meanwhile, toe expend?, ui'^ ;iis la-.-ei.-eatttalonItwooldoiily >erva to odend the Goveiumeut ofdis'u'-'wl by Lo-d Jul!.-; ItLSsVLL's dispatch. T ve^ia' retlci-.- ti-.n or tiiee nioi in.-. i>' ufli-:.- n %d wio iutit a .n I vet- exchtquer. Auain^t that Gtj(-j-u;e re eiriiestly pro ouM cliaii)ie ill ni-. iunisiwi.'.s estiiua e oi Chutcbeluiuoi:- to Ihe elie i thti a strungit> cOQ:plete, ki,d]ijip--oceiaenis. There were those »h" coins'. leu-a •Mn tliese relirinsim.-niheiit,attempt to connleract France, a^d leave the groui-d of annexa ion wonliyanyrudely *»eugt ttilatterlye.-ttuireo.uauiucheo. For au{<nt we know, theaiftht t>e Ouue Alti4 periect bui-cess in tne Mauritius, tt"e<priboti^ieatthe Uiaad Z/ukrs, and force upon Italy a federaiioaa letter ftom toe Emjetor of toe Freoen to At the same time Etirope learrteii that the Aiieio-Frer.ch alliam-e, w-rtica was shdSen after ih-s uf Vill«fr«nc«, na-t becsHue more sjiid and In-which nob-wj seemed to det.lreexcepthimself.li ccn.e t»x ol the last eigh'eei. mouths if it had not and. m addluon to tbis, iic wa- tIheJiu'ijrndcncr Brlpcthe publishes fuUowin;austere cuuiitenani-e.siou 01 hib pale f-tce lb uecideJiy prepossessing.amount ul character and determu:a.lun, whicnby Pope.Lclcpfeier-squaii;aoopted' nit.t-eiii inqtti>i:oi8 01 ibe H.ny Uific--, i must sav 1in it as Euro-pe regardsi t Is>et fteetoatruesenseoftbet-uapidon.restlessne^and otberhand,England,I. tneItail-npopuiutlons.afterhsvina tugceiMItrsTeatlfdlikenesstothenobledoctjlueaotofIteGovenimenis—(bouidrowbetheunionoftoeedictolJulv.Ib^bAtthes-imetime,Itwillbeworld,whocannotseetoedest.ructlonufcertainpriu-lyLOOemunsctat'ouag.iiustbisGovernmenthaaol>fopii1atiansAtrslIalytolwta>ittieforjndgneatt-Itbet-e ou lie on. The UfJe town of Faoo t>overnment has no longer 'he power of artesun^ tne placed popuJatlb lii.eu vtva tr.-ope. caieflv Swiss, from Perugia, and natuial and inevitable course of eventa.11 '1<•""•« W""'"'• *^'" our own. He thin came to a sun.>iein«ii'»l ref >r.u In Imagined. Thty not only ols'inBuisii d t»e^u ^tiit tne Ihrui'cn M. Mkissvsl, li-.e in^uryonl pf---- fets- ariilUryEenihe gatribim altogether amimists t-y"It is reported by a person who left Tehiat Teserobv .veiing, that bHimibhlng was going ol<-. ,11 g.l"o-fiiza, but he was re- aiigeb, and es^s, and to reco-e tnoiie in Umber an i They fi-e uoon our ehlp». and kill u-ir tn> ijs br nun- Cbups'iin, ai ll in woiirli )uu gave ine ;onsoliiig ii- hivet«en cliiseo ftr Ihe IRst six iut>Bth«,aal eubt citi harming shot, shell, powder, provlatona, etc. tor cuiraitts and bops. In return he pr(m<iMed to lery on dieii-, but that Is oul) toe act of 'the Ml ma," aid fU'Sl-ies withpiit c-si s hg tneai., if*i'tif. Il-i»tver. pleresitl rsnnon plated iuslde. Nit B-aving visited the Lse ol ih^ aimy."Ireoiy m »ii,.,i 'J"fsiionor linpnrte i a registratfjn due of in Ihe riieaniime tliev cjnld not dreaMi oithe le ter lo tshtch >uu bilii e po.(t.,-e'l tois tie leli forr. 1 cai m.iy 01 iiswi m»ny1 —We nave not yet reoelred4- .'• then-no the rucilnetis pruteas ihi mse'fes l...s».ihii ji Rom-iJeeaIslands, lyingto an indefiniteand from what the tumiieyg told me more reason to believe that it will never m<:evthe Frenchttmtug, in many respects, French Institutions. We IK'ito Ihi6 it increase'! to 2< f<iin theer cei t. Trie in-edfviuu to oiteisource toat toe had maoe another Pope;Enghmd, speakinglanguage,andpos-vr-Cniiiese tliemseives weie conc.-ii -a Mr. Brute'sa from goodalltheshoiLld Uiiiik that amozf^ thelatioe of St Hellei's or St. Peter-Port it mignt which was under the conlri-i ol Parliji<ueni. -luamuchnot be (jifficolt to geta demonstration inin tnat was unt ksi to tne meins ofamphioious popu-andurgency;w were SKain, coromertihi iciorni-* a;id'push maiti-r* luiltf Bii' ihis phltoMi„n; ?eiei.iiv »s i.-long stood,become still more tieepaati-PBasylleport, Ltion, solicitor. Four-nee of eltixein, marchlDg la adml-but^ putUoK aaida tiie dUUncilon ChuriUi was crammed to excess, and amoag those cemi.ed by a direct voto of that Ilouie. The actualbannisters of the pulpit were broken to pieces. It •f""»'7 ^" been was not till some ume after the conclusion of theof witnesses, toe cases ainoimt^ only to manslaughter, whichwnich he might call the optiouai evpecditure" The theas uiiiulentiunai uii buih sioe.s ;" no ots'.arbauce bj bis master. telegram conveying speechupresiding .for political reasons in these istands sum- meeting the deficit, he o«ne<1 tnat no was PHUck IS at the psuiB to ex'iUin, an tne obiecs atIhror of a re-union with France. We mightthe Increase,dnrmg cent,the latt -ix ivecuriins;u.e Kiadu-ti. Tnercwas experiei ctd at Canton or any of tne open parts, ouo ihe au bo-itii-s gene. ally 'i-ivlrig .secund, as Mr.pcobabiy rely on the Emperor's own subjectsper"with toe usual monastic lorniuia, God be praised."hope sentiments, atloready suffideatly singular position which Centruthan 58Italy,not saiisfiea with our <>( out if once »;.suniHe wa^ cresstd lu toe white luttse woolen robes of hismntih at a moraeot'5 LotL-.e. A \.i:i-'t7 of other uitei. with a lung 0;*tck naiiow stupiice. watch dc- Italymarily lu ,jut oo«n ariv such movementthe Btiemi^t is uiaae, the (tiischtef is dune, the dumon- all changes mtL^t, of i-n-i ssi >,expeudi.s.ni,wiiii-L In > veie nitnll'i; tvince-ia ^erv Hatu al iu-stmeihlui;leI will notsttpt-»examine toe ani o-igi.jI UKht to bekeptfor lair i\e-:tnfcr ..n'l a O.xi'pitin the fart,ptoiogatjonCongressprecede.1of the lowest blaokgaards.totoe Emnress, and upon toe Prince toe abundaaao of His bless-present were hundredsThe (eivlce was all dumb show.epithets were applied to the clergyman, and tihald cea. So articles be made out ofI Ixt.f- .'.",."* "'»'o- The two oompaatee atattoaed atof threeSouthampton, the Magistrates had decided that therepro-iInvestigationdays'duratton atfiersOne of tlM chief objects of the Mostfor a voyage to America is £30,000, and a loan ol iof Itw worU, to become now the ransom of XiU,OOU is recommended. The raport was adopted.Tvthill, complaints, £70.000,010; income, maue actoal law, £M,- Erevluusly drunk and fallen into theheld, by adjournment,seemed to him that he had ratoer toey pronouncemust be given partly In the form of estimateHouse might rely on the figures. Exceptional cases fonnigbtwciuld be committed to thePowers, and shall have guaranteed tlieparations. There was Uie French to be Treatyraised by toe arms or armies, or the forces of anyresardpro- vided aguiist in addlUOD. Coming to the actual state of affairs, he showed tuat the total result of the revenue 01 the last year showed an increase over the estimate.get toto a cab, which conveyed toem to the borougn Power, belt what it might. No, It was not the loss alter new elections, tbe assembies of Centialtoe execrations ot the multitude at of temporal dominion wblt^h created ta his hei»rt 'he in favor uf Italy bitterest ol alllictiuus. I'Luse who have oaiised this pronounce atmexation. France and 'Oraat The of our third Chinese tne disgusting cruelties toey had practiced upon the loss must, alas', hear the censures of toe and Biltam sbai^ not e.,ptiae tue eatrance of SardintaaThe re venue had been estimated at £69,460,000 produced£70,578,000. Ontheotherhand,thesxpen-£69,270,000. It thus appeared that, under existing arrangements, there was an exceta of income over expenditure. Tnathe fresh whicb we correspondenceprintin anotherwas already absorbed by disturbingDuring the last few weeks, and eveu months, Ihe weatoer on the Atlantic has been more continu- ally harassing and fearful la Its character toan hasfromand ntter destnictioa have been truly marvellous,ideas—tois fearful evil, toecoruoltogof no- ailTne «-we havetaili piove toe seu.imeats in which we have receivedexces.', tiiough itcauses, showed the wi«dom of theParliament. The expedition to China, and excess of navy and army expenditure, had cost au additional £y00.(iOO for the and £L>70,000 for thetions; virtuevice, in countedtakeacepuongiventothe three firstpropositionoarmy,Tne commercial treaty would, he calculated, cause anavy. deductionol£G40,iiOO. Thiswouldcauseatotalde-Liverpool.escapesshipwreck cutthroat and the assassin. Praisesituation ol Central Italy calls for."The T.mes Pails con esponi^ent stotes thatadren*lar will soon be Issued by the new Minister far For-The mostAretintelo. Ttieae meveBteats niliiarygas*and tbat the Great eastern be got ready for sea with- remaintog deformities. He bad proposed to take up gatog eight or nine knots an twar, and tbe saaa Ik^Un Baiie. of ttioae joint Interests which unite out delay. The estimated cost of preparing the ship bop and malt crei'lis, which would Rive $1,400,000 to was never seen. Ught he entered aa having died4. Saidmia to abetata froa eery measnre destlaed how, todeed, it was a true gift of to favor tbe auaexattea natfl IM aew vote of thehad beenIter j[Qur .QuTeraiBent, the fatttafnl eiponnnt or the Chancellor ol tbe K«cheq:ier rose to m^kc his winch ral'ed the inr-ome to £60,(102,000. This leaves tbed on bosrd, and he never had^ore than onetbooghttxirBa»(k|t become your warn in the hour of supr^uij'.tba of Austria is not reply^yerelgnorders, lafoiin the worlJ that s,iiiiyfinancial sfalement. The llou.-c hiving rejolvel it-expectedatParisIarrangementsofquestionpeacebeenrepresentedas soutter*Atincrease t'.au thai ol f.ertauyAt present,in a situ greater In Ihe from IS42 proportion. jenn linoof tiieThe I ;kri5 correspondent of the Dadyyens learnsjournedperiod, and toere is daily:to Ii-sa It had incieased 4!^ per cen'.. an yearsp^rtthe bo'.tieFather FxixKni has a proper appreciation of these delicacies, whicii are regularly sent to him byjdifficulties which were reappear witii a degree oftoan before. Km and an irrevocable determtoailou to conttone to toe chosen path, have,vtsrs,had been kept back from toe public.His asserted toat all toe divisions of the Frenchsucceeded to toe calmness andhavel«hi',Kei le uut yet tt- >t;arbt>l <\^**., he locked aucci tetter, and iteio^ short and tola the Urge toL is olhts ruce hiiiii: i-lo»t-iv atttiut his b;i IV. Iliviig reid htaruig if that puolicauun i cmfine ai<s<!li tiHe del 1, led, or, the Dart of theitself thbi ihev Kere leady aiid pr<?)M-ed togo 'orwaid iu dccireo rha'a -ter. lie wis not lo rei-e've iiv-.rturesIcoute co.-iiuueii quiet iinier the st.-iiiKt.nt me:is-irefCui'giet,.l^ivemmxut, piiviie((es. Mr BuLCB received iiieiiui tons of ;i irio.lEng-to theu own wia and ptean- tem hod given toe country u->t un'y itii di8;>ttstti-ta ihat river in a Km bb ship as tar ae fieu isiu. Aud Lrt.y, to anewer totne 01 his niuuttt tx-'okeiled. however, a certain tiesreland orotested in the name of toe people, andbellilorIncreasedtaxa'fn He-•no.^edfromreouiie Ibat tbe course ol the Ps'-iio suoiii-l be letter, addused b) P.j()e Pios tti the utrur Efiguresrigut disposeQre. Tile Emperor has admitted the claiio.it in favor of frnt)jeft* lu Rcm-tl and succe^afut revidt Ihat Indirect t^xuiioa sUoild tie relaxe-l In a i.hv.il foire to ine riifi'itn »il t'le fei bNapj-His spaciuus toreliea-l snd the «eil m:irRe.d line.sclaimed for them tbe to of them- that Ihe relaxaiiou aitd refoim ol .bn com j,erciai sys-oiieneo to liim. in '-r-'er that be mlifht ururet-d upl le advice tenderetl himbynlsaelvesaccordingbut ne to ptwerttU'B'e ;and toisfact, p-oved byton issae of b.ipp>acd is aunious to the neAlv learnt applyharereceived Ihe lel.e' whichyour Majes- te,>i^impo'tantfrum tne throne oa the of Parliameot, «nJ npeidngby \^vi PALMeiisTOfi batnig..|n reply to Mr. r»iBd«Ku.stamp eiemp- Ihe Cottomi. and £3«(I.0M In tbe lalaaa Reveone. InolvredAaiewuatm,ecahoafrged rth raur- tbat ship ny aMr wil-luM TBO^»oB, tke llBltsd flutes' Comnil at toliipreroe tribanal to aiWetneanntetcluding fbe loss oq the Preach traatv, the aesr ar-Custom-bouse, whiok liaot Terraerare.toe police autharities too exaetleg. Ttaere aia twoAt the close of the for the prosecution on Friday, Mr. Lxim addressed the calumnies (Uahonortng the jiuraalj of audienie. Numerous fightt> also took place and the Tic Inland Revenue Itself adm'tted that the present Court on behalf of the prisoners, contending thatthcreinas nuch as theleiei.iies of the dt-iartu'tniii were increased mat polrl o 'IB ca,;itai o' the Gnudie. He *w .>ibipay Ibis,t-e bbbbtquruiiy escorieu wnn due h.jii trfr.ivPilajeetv ::1ccmmrrriailo jirtet-» lur. aud I ^* ti.e laptd m-tveiuents of Ms eyes. Ou toe tabiished In a mote solemn mknner by the speechprin- aa file dutlfs were ruuied. It 'iius lioft h.u. Tie tlple as wicely a« p<:»sih!e. We' only urKed appeired luiller li.fiirm'd !h»t lie w.i.ild be it eiiriel oy tyand iha*. »gal£Uth»ti M.veieign. Tde FTiXiperor Da* re-ioned « Itovor tl ciieci t^-xii-iou. and ll or'v leiaa'neU 11 t iiher on s way t.) Pestn^. or at tial cap|t-4-. <irht^it. lu Cura- s^hote. he gave tue tbe impressl to of a gijti I dr. uol hide Iiutii in.eell me tlilBc *lt u tsi'' pi.,us WAV, t4.,u t>eltev*a in the snuciry of ih? lustitu-tlbigber Kereializ-^tiou.ana rejects this q lailficatiun to us to ssy u|«.u wiat p IniinU-. Tne Goveriuneot ou hib return lie si.oulil Xt>eiieuce au> uobect uiag llt-K I'f >oui .Maje>lyc'tc'sred that ihe mositoatfeuch is toe icptiatiou between Ei gland and France with tenatd to theas peokntti' am uui.ep< >';ary. lu his view tneuid nr>t at ^rcr-ent iiiienj tn ueal svitn tea arid sud-tr. iitatinebt, hit. dut:. *onla oi'..e ti retiiu lota"'j't|(. W>-je.-iy c -u^d Ictveih's pus tl-in b> i-iuie Jjcialve pottuiiit) abcfciuit'lngbxly •: xsrAt elr;.ii»iu*-^ -ire perpetually taken in, while old once nre given off. a<:- 'o some hidden law uf oheui'.cai atiracti in.The>e were revenue indiavul^du ntnie merely d'lucs, ;tli'lnl U-e I'tiliiplexiilub tif oiIfer.?n':.ii »Iutles. Cue I'totir- ipg eiHwei) were oi.i'e n.-u* dte-* bv an iitlarifed -vs- len. ol Ireo tiade 'baa by lei^irlngindivid i^i duties,where he dis<:aatged ilie rather ouitjils dunes ui holy inquisitor tor -20 years, wttouut tweighing too heavily upjn toe p >pu- If iu lae and haish- was sent Iroin Rome t*l.ees itItjtiian qutftn.n.politic is, like'hetiumai. bo-.y, (lerpetu^ilylu h ofdecompoMtioixuua>eu(iT«tioo. >ew'*p'bce the (iiatler In Ine h^nds of tr.'tNiViliii*a-uje *liKh p' rlr.i,,^ ex,Mies your repugn ini-e,be has at loug cnjuyedtioiogna,wt le <:e->iruub olfeel tbe Influence ot this hidden l>iw of amntty t<>- th'* p ilicipie the Governitieiit Intenderl to net. T.iey <>n toe asbuinption tnat Mr. Bklcs haa coininittcfl »nit'b leiii'iUi to lii:u.cocdiB);tta*i>T it olkUitegrateU to-day; Belgium lany piooa-Mitoiii,^iz;iu,—ai.d tn faci,li-pe,I.M.rfcelitpiO'iit;es,aIi 'easS'i'lit(fjurisdtotiuo.which would hire been butficientl>lyKBorrowthe Codt ^apatitmy w*yt/tcaui-e o ders werefleet, ano i>ecause Le hbO a blind and unreASoa-in toe selUement o*tior-s. Amply cummented on by the Press of Surop-,;Ias ciestiii/awish to enjoy N*- ^ui late lor a yeai. He ti.eo KHve au outlli.eof tlic-i.ir i-i mr. Itthe ttnine provfuce^i, wi)l<-.ii already eiijuy pruhoeen to retain the le-t and -u^Ar ou.ies -a tne pre-uatuiallyand *oe to the Govi^rnmeat that veu-diltu-.olt-es;It. I' is rtudi-11hr<oie leavim the. I'oriiuue, IJasted Fniher Fsuerri tiey havemiiict— 1.Wbieb Is the toberent ngbt of every nationality not maliu'ac ured Irtiui llax. neii,p and jnteiiisiei oinut l^^.^e if a d>;j -s;> .but of^aM CaL'iolics. Tue (llf- knowing ^tii' iwas. aud for what reason 1 ha.! beenFieucn Coininenialsenous Thattoeloeaof a restorauoo must be re-lilijlier pi.ceroLxos hisireUtoreti to op(xj>e the new law of developmtnt and affinItv. and to check that unbounded liberty of ch iice Iiom Dec 1, en tools; fr-nn June i, m6l.ougii:s hiiubell lu cimiioiti.ii-ation -Mtti the Prime Msucceeded Inconvlocmg everj)JuU I,Ibeo, dutes on coal<roin Owas iij<iiionherwhich such claims are bringing on nis atelyai'd witnoutexcepuonaiidu looomauufHciured *' mtre-ate demands" to which ailiisloo was male lu Sdtiie g-inie, see'ns tne s jc[r.es8 ttf -he lirsttad aelf-tovernment. SKK&T BKITADi.nations. He defenoed commercial treaties, when not remaikeo toat toero is no coinpruruise uf liuguase cipt s with in iflerence.giounced upon principles ol exclusion, and gloried lo rerpectmg the acts of the tTnintse, nor any in-sta- Yuur Majesty luaRis toe retxise of Gurope Pi de-avowing that ihe treaty was a coni'uminatiou ot free phy.slcalo5«enr«tiiin ofiheaff.iral the P.l-hi. The ptnd upon 'he te«sli-n by the P 10^ of the L^i(<iio:is, lejK'ef. Neve/Uieiei-s, there Is no great rellaat^ to qupu-e of toe facts above-menu iped, illB UsjtHty^l«>.'P<.|.e.)ol tneHon»e of Loids on (be fth insa,",,, t^,. ,•<-.--emiiitnttoiue their best efforts to avert njecxI. Wcliups tie fnuil of IVl.i'.g «uiilInctalit lo venture a'^.ts o' upon1 1 edit gs were productivethV. -'I111 ex[i-essliia tbev mbinfAtp a [.erfeciiy dpfen'ive ptsuntu. ru«%t iStlon o( Savoy ana Nice to Fnnce.l>rl Casaviiu stated tbat the annciat'on oframpaiissttte ui si.-ge to regtilar form. Ntthodr It.Tttvs tireciselypowersolution, and" |i It be posstbte to ebtabll>h a diffetence between plete eiecu'loa. It Is with Ihst viewa,'"these'm iro'e-cf the towniHls.rrdnce ibeduty on ,'rom \ii. a brandy;pn>- to estsb isit itietr Goveri raenta themselves.WeIau-l -vnen 1-: a; tne convent provtiie-lfur ine J-iiIy -tnts uf the (uisis of tne prliicipieeiwisht 8 have ttie duty ofgigallonwine frem 5s. Hid. to 3«the Ko)bl speecn, and we tMiiiet-s that, as far as the con<illioi.s t' eiuaelves are concerned, toey deaerva toe character ascribed to toem l.eb<icoiiid naidiy be ax-1 ea) lie >oluti .uirts. 1 sueak of '.ne ietst r xisMcrai.ierieui-er. wt,o-e utitutr cunftlsti.j ot u id (.oup, fiiii: ^wire trade.toshow huwiiijurioiislv tie present sys emlo tbe snd « 'to'-ere desire to *-=<="'fctT6UR.THB WAH «N .tlOBOOCO.part,ab.ilsnedimm^'ll-wa- men intormed uy o' t^e now undersi.»nd, therefo-e, what were the eign revnlutliinibta itl tne other provinces l" p'.ay toe aII^wer was gtveu. tu.s lu in Europe put.'ii..ihatai far as toeCBiIle^e. !i i.-crease was still more cvidiint lu thai ecaendit'ire rtiiUuie nib welt) cu'irely rei-iprc n i-d. The impe- srhech extremelyInvolved a loss of about He £l,OUu.0O9.on the bench ners ware oetended by Mr.peal was that of the ImpresMid stamo upon news-Tk|jMfirtp«>pl5,»cca»i«MMdbT the free eier- service that the Police entered the chan:b and dis- papers, which Involved great trimjie and incon- could not be dealt with under toe treaty toe foltowtng remarks recently made by toe Holy<aaeWftfee8B«a nwtoallow Itartf to be uken In. ac- persed the rioters.veaieni^e. For the convenience of the newspa- between tills ceimtry and tbe United Stotes Father at the•"••'•» "W oy•nan agatort pertdy and tntaieated ambition, will •MJMMpmabir aucli maiKBQvres.whotxised to Introduce a three baifpenay t>ook postage. He next proposed to aooiish toe hap credits, whilelor lite extraditloQ offenders. He chsracier- ofAmerican College to Rome;propositions submittedbr of a seltla-waU-foaoded distrust to ho on lt<In TCI In her Independence, was lufEcient evidence to commit the mates Hiass on toe other hand, he reduced the which, lieved. Edoar Miu.xa Tctuill, toe andItaAfter anpaidhalfpenny stamprial i oiiiini?M.>iier on the 1*1Miu ti- Mu.d the coitisionwhen he was free. Ou my entering into the comfortable room Father Frllstti rose from his arm-chair, bidding me good morn-lng.ardent but to Centralgreater legitimateimpatience,dispu.-il'uh to*'a threehe"«the fla^lftio ,toroughuut toe world. Their efforts, toere-ontlaugbt which Is now being agatost toe Cathullc laltb und wnosoeref sei!ka The defence of our liberties is also the defence of thai t^e year IbOO bad long been marked out as aa Ux of lOd. in tbe pound on incomes above £150, aad instead of being aware of every transaction, as he Eustato its puiiiy ai.d totegnty. I'bere was n-jdanger, shall not be glren up and saci iSi^edself into a I'ouimlttecofWay^andMeans,he sal ITo for toe provideremainder,hep.-opo?edan incomeclear he could not haveax.d iinew very little of what was going on on bjard.made tolore ihe end uf tbe week.Tbe Brussels Nrd of Ihe I Itotlieie was the £140.000 of the malt and hop crcUi.-;.taken much care ol his crew.but the Thursday was most unreasonable, and asked for agreat aew or- eanizatlon of llaly. Vbit third potot as toarecurious to arrest attontion, for never, probably, has aextreme severity, attended with heavythepres-coming from the scene. The Emperor of China tiad littleand honor arealtera battleofIn the East were one and unablo to determine whether we were at war withwas and it will beGuy Marmering^of aof £S<iO,0tu, half of which would fall due In theent finanaial year. In this way the balance would be re- was finally solved by the authorities most remote toe comaiaader, never during his whole li'eestablished. Theestimated forthe expenditureand sea. For eighteen successive days there were £3,6lt!.UU0. The total expenditure is e-timated at less; but as lor <he officers Immediately concerned tocessant gales from the S.S.W. to tbe N.N.W.of the and the vicariate of Christ ready Jvesnugsea(^nocne8isted priestIhnood manded.year involved an Increase In the army and navy of doubt about that pointsuper* £70,100,000. The eatlmated income for tbe coming and present on the spot, toey were completely em- which blew away almost ail toe sails, broke toe rud- all'mlghtyear wotild not, in the first instance, be satisfactory but, at ail events, it would compel their attention toder at toe trunk, and opened great leaks tn toe vessel's hull. The skylights and all loose articles were wash- ed away, and the cabiiis filled wito water. "To add toonlytootrulycorruptionthoie matters which most examination. requireOrleans, Monsigaeur D^AaLoups (wUoh brought before toe tribn* by prayer. Alter which the Holy Fatnor, nal.l Imposes on ns toe du-yol not aggiaratiag thesugar at the present rato, which would leave thebrought his vessel to port agato without the aid of a which Fatoer FtixtTn is confined, charged with toe toe date of toe 27to of January, and Is as followsfic and magnanimous strain- He is ready to overlook aanezatiou ol Savoy and Nice, it is not the side of He had a clear answer to give. Tne suocession duty alt toat has occurred, and is parUcitlarly uixlous. in- tbe transaction which it pleases the French Govern- had failed from causes due to the actual law. The deed, to repudiate toe attitude of an offended party. zaent, or at least the French Press, to piesent to the debt caused by the Itussian war entailed a large " i shall avoid." says he, ** as much as possible, doing eyes of Europe. Little aa there Is to admire In the charge on the consoliuaiea fund and the army and or saying anything from which tiie Chinese may inferpound.toeForeiga;heart and of toe perversionLord Jomi Kcassix had still barrassed, and could not toil how to take the nritter.;"stood, taking tbe duties on tea and sugar at toe mini- Pel-no, and, without waiting lor more oflicial intelli- of toe men, killing blm upon the spot, while anotherwhich must be God. and Interceded wrought byBishopshould eatimaie the levenue as the law atmum and reduced rates, the Inoome tax as it wouldtorough the public Press" what has occurred at theThese diasters. a boat was washedbytoe sea one uponcles, from himthat is sold in market overt with notions afked as to the manner in which he isobtained. Whether the bagam is a good or a bad stand under ezlstiog arrangements uponone, how many acres of mountain are equal ta the estimate of levenue lor the coming year wouldkow raaDj acres of plain, what is the nature ef the give a total of £60,700,000, showing a deficit of China, and he asks for early notice, that he may were so disabled that they had to lay up in the fore- to their distantcountrles."ques-tltJo, ana what the cundlU ns of sale, how far the £9,400,1100. He did not ask them to provide for djsmaiitlbigof'the " Quadrilateral" was of tbe essence the payment of Exchequer bonds soon becom- of the contract, and whether any amount of Tuscany, ing cue. Without this they had the deficit ofgence, discreetly puts himself into communicationof toe ciew fell from the 100 maintopsail-yard. nearlyto language which seemed inspired, as hsugh he we.-e raised out of himself, exhorted all present, antlexisttogexcitementby such a polemic, and uere-to the loss of £0.400,000. If they had not the treaty to deal Venetia,also, as a na'.uial corollary from toat conclusion, for not onesome addition to the strength of his garrison. Stiil, working tocessantly to salt water. Capt Dou-aks, The Bologna coriespondent of the Daily News, The Pers^Tcrcnso, of Milan, publishes the textequalfill the deficit from this part of the sunjtct. In such transactions come tax ol 9d. in the pountL To upbe canthe Pel-no may consideredasnosubstantialbreachol thepeace,and he is prepared, therefore, so long as the Chinese ' re-asks for is a battalion or two by way of provisienwriting on the 1st tostont, gives toe fotiowmg account of Count CAVoca's circular addressed to the Sardto-and with, they would know precisely what they hadperfectlyas affairsbe courage, but manifested a degree of skillful resource—these tormsfeet, and miraculous to relate, still alive, be though,fore M. Gras DGCiu-OT he does not in'end saysParis.<teparalecaiet were substantiateds i-ai;ainst toe priao- licltude which you i&fyna have up to the the various on tbeany rato,sufficientlyouibelvesto a formal manner." He ados: "of war orly uncertain, or regarded with such a variety ofoptoions. It seems almost ludicrous to observe that wito Some of toetruth, for vice.isforvirtue, sonerepeal been coa-wish'to toe you bad for mein Lower Cai alu, (>r evc-a InWe nave met with but too docile a scholar. T.ie lirst c< ntoierc at uunroirenient. it %« >»i-- onlyIdeaoiibe Emptrur of tux Frenah was to restoie tl<*»e le'oiaiB I'lat tne coitt trv was enabl*^ to lie tr accompaiiled byatotinal euiiu^y fir the 'i-:t ol the The Pnpe*i> Litter Co ilio Empcrer Napoleua. rather 11' find Faiher FsLbsm ot a S'Mue-vnat event. Tbe publication of tuis letter was sjuu l.»l-bv meansofb'gh taxation r Could the ciiiiitiy iiave borne thB nigh trtxips woo filed oil Her Alajeo'.y's ships of w.tr ;"istatingpub<ie otitoibuol lerouclilauoti fioni tne Chinese 'io*'ertiineiit inie-^sComoibui el-Ill Cirel t.li- etBinnuiiuAt\ ttii« w,i-* only on i oa.ri-ic»"—on tbe nip..»oi,ii u.i to it tne CniiciiopostponementCoagrep-ibltcaHoonf mol r<-m iin hi lerii'S a^aiu is b-i ui ^s posstQirlatinii which fell wiitdn hisMuitara atiair l.e acted wito tohumauityclliatiuii beta eeni:e{its (Ibe least olto precipitae a solutiot') wbiito have rend-tred Ijogerea e in icy Penite itie dbp tich wis re- leivc'l. In tile opp-i-lte rweiit. a vvry decisive ivLii-eA p oject Of tnis nature presents insurm tuat.tHleUtutdeiay impossibleptaiiag ques-hjuittell lo at-on ironfrom UotHxAitA %o Ftaace. 1^6I, Frai'Ce removes all pn.>lu;jUloua ou an fclri^itsn benf'tohiB rrq-iisiiions wth-n a (lertui uf t.ilrt>- ihdt which ot-s nut beioae to me and bt-nause I see aijbwer to m> qtiemiiiiu Lifting up iioth nis eyes and;-t.I..lio.ib alKt^e stated, Mr. Uaoct -v.is miineilaiii.' ui p'lt'I r,md:I, China, and n- re.pii. e I e Uut jeror a ii iq<i4li.iH-i .u- fi(i.ili*>aie iti.siiriii.uuUittie. ne-iHU-e 1 cannot cede aliuweu to visit Mm. be did not give any pjaitire Bologna[KiiiiveiyniKIng nei.'-i*,o Lede tPeuie tuai Ihe Poneib will guar,>btee to the Po^ i* isoai o to t>.-,;oiue c-trfluccd ')!Tuaiy. Frame reduces, irooi w.ib pie^ciibed. b:tfing hi.-, liem-tiids on the c m-ii- cii.nt lo rt Iter! ll niu niv bttiiiU'^u. my sacred char .it;.bisreligion enjometi.i.upt-n, I .see ll in II lit jrnv.iy.auiprebeasKmtioremaenu It is valu to speak ofj restoring conR-<]eiice and cmltivating the arts of peace whiie at tnesane time principles are enunciated which teem toeomaiofi all rnhnkind tJi anarchy, rr^belit'in. and to April, 1861. upon a »i-ale depending upon tne streugtu ax: ed In repATUIlon of so delf-ertt-t an inj-iry. There theiiisi-.. ,iud extib.'r-itiiHtv t-^-e- *nii:n itrc It htt si-ettK. buc t!,id nte llt.tt lie ba^t i,ataia< n» tut apia-ti ai o*reijucsltrcumstsoi-e of tqual cravfty, the iBterpre-to the colonial -iuty of (is. 2<l.; and the on dutyIil It-be-, II uiut( efi.iratioi,. F«Ilit-r 1 r tfcsTTi tvas at last liuiuced toct edirgol Ihe wilie. AS to tne effect of iheae rediiC'l ins, he ismay rt<'eive t.y ttie acquu<iiiou of Savoy and Nice eeiiniatcd from wioe relief to the c-insoniern of £-i3«,- fioitlla at the niuiith o' int Pei--ntIf,j't-pi 111. n.'i-e of ine stit-ei. ts-nicn p.-eveute-i n s;have stttled. and such l« also, which coustitatea'o be lurtber reduced fromarid the nuist audacious Tl-e power* It. IIpartol ine pttpul iti.in*..t-iich >s toe in Italy to the facts signiht-aiinn giveni.i It. .*.li,»aires to feel la his prudence and moderation; out if «n marufaciureo goods at £432.000. He dtciarsd schemit g Fur ib's. however, we n iw dsli ooining but ano tne levuiuU tni>ts. Hie iut-inci jie when tuey arewar. Wiiateveiitieiii|tbthedynastyoftheGrufienirtbiioD given Tu the by thern by toe most important nt' wni tie rem-ived tj a gans Ol tne Eutopesn Piesa. Toe moet iuflueallatroust be pvirih«^eu at a ruinous price, if he Is toou b'^n ly, b relief to the ronnumeis of £44ii.uO<), and « lo^s toI;ul France, England and ex- Germany, giveandeatediie»8 and tne cothdence wfaich all Europe de- the leveiiue of £225.0<D. and the Ihhh to tne revenue ol tie conflict Were trie le-ui's of forethought Hltd l.er-u«i e<t wrti lue iliil ine U9 irijers .tl utiiers'ir.je'is.(ive la exctiai ge for it his retutation for dlsuiter-bUbcajr the V hsd prepared;tiit 4<l :ne inCiJdiiUSIf t'tai is r.tt s-t y1pression te 'he same i<'ets, ajvlse toe satne measttoea,and express toe same b mvictiuns In subh a state oftrings the ropulation o' Ceatral Italy have deteriaia-which lur- tbat the treaty showed no aub-ervienoy to France. liids tbe access n( honest remonstrance to the ears of "Tbe) bao given nothing to France which they had not abaoluta Sovereigns is not to be overcome, let the piven as a ili:h fill t to tbem«eives, ai.d they h id m tdeau aptt ogy. Tnerei-noin ntiniio'iri<ieioiitiy.batusiao- lion or guurautce. VVe require ol t'le Chioebe uotoiitg bat 'he performance of loe .ery ciMidluons whicn iliey—y means 01 reHstining.op* my ihi«t 1 caiiiiOi cede the Lettaii-ms Mith'iut vtt>-the ODloa mart Uke place, and the£mperarat any rate tase his spoil as ^he reward of no saciifiren except what they would have mid- In had asr-ed to perform Injure lasonly Ol* 1 1Rttwrvti Ihat mav oc 1 a-a .-otn(-eile1 t-i decl ireletter lias been leceived in Pariseo to airlve at aselie on the favnr-expec'ed ovenough—inof crate chari<i« upon certam w«'«:iou.iiig pm- ai. act ul vwr one ni'ntile, a idStade uuli!'"""''"<)• b of NoiHtMBT moved a resolution ciiii',,, „„.![' • Hi of 'heiuipoiter. By this tnev e«pecte-< £H".no«. w l-eih» r lie* s-*ii<p'e Is aingetaer ssllsl* -tory Per- bad arctp-til ihii. pt.j.rt, Iredemption arbhi lonfiisUui. NolwithsUin-ilit^ tn -soexpec'e-i ftit- ttl-j it-es-.'ii'. ivs-i^ed.have yet Some stir has beeo iiodce-^ in tiiee. ec ingp per'oriued to the cust-irns' omces for me > m- bl |>4->t<-(? Ill,- JXustlsBHe then prop<.^ed a duly of Si. per ; <t. on chlc.ry |.i..i<-rii..n to the coffee revetiiie. Tnis.withan" « i.t on i| ei-nlTee irtpuue which !• would cause woaidtII, V ftl'Iltoii'Jwhit h S'einsof '"t""Iu- !..xin.'KK'. Aealii, he pniposed a peony stsiapAs IfIs,nsnie of toe Chii.'ch. niwl atso in your ,1Mn.Sctsn had aiiirtd wUh a ietofoifcu.ent ^'as ioter Itie.-( i,n-vi:i--elot'e. <>le f'ttt at |tte p itlil at wabc-l Wetiie lost to ,ne lorever. Sup, I prupevidelire to prove tlml tie Cilu.ette ex,i-riea ,, ir lot^^^ ei.. unil f..i»..i.'.-i lit; Il.'e ii.i ji-ioiis11'. f uii-it «!•. Into lb-; J'O- bie lur ll e pt-w.- 1. t-i ii.-e tloir p iw, r» lu a-i cllic t. leLti lorThefn mcooqaeatJet Mm beware of committing himself to princiules sysiem had answered lis purpose uf political es- been ratified 8 X motiths ago. The Bmptrur is not witobui btini$ii>g wrcnif atid sb:ime upo-i ait Catho- Mates. It may be said that .stuigagiia is more At'acheiIH-O. anu a loan to the revenueu* £ji5 0<'Uhear tl. ttqu.tter pilaun eiihet to luoriow or the day af^er.", Hatfjlni: us olf. Uiey dChlri-il to eirr4ptnit, lnst«*(of III*tnt,.ilil.it, I.- t.-c.!*e|Kls-i-me ptl-oiierAffairs In the RoBia«iia.nf'thlog but tbeand tlM result ot treat), and shove all aiiy caee under an cnligbteneo systea of trade. Tne latificktiun ot the svne treaty which Bhotild ba/e duriuB a disaster and a shuck in int. othtir p- uviuces. putillc optl-lun Hi tee tutvn aud anotoer in the PaptIthat toe Governments of tbe said have provtocesadopted the eleettiral law of Strdlnia. and areto pre-things-wblek •>• not the less odious becaute to trangement, but the new system answers iu ourpose suBinioned to any new eiiga»iernenis they attempt "he is;m-rely to Ik-e, without Meaketieg ibe ligiit. i.ot onlv tti the than lis neighhois lu the I'ope and lus Governmiut paTrihneg proceed tu tne eltction of depnttes. Kihc'sGuvernment has hitherto em,iloyed allcloak the real Datura of a questionable transictun, by political amity. The union which had beeo lu observe those contracttid tor h'li by hU Plenipe- sovereigns of l:»ly, unjustly de>poil*d of their do- I'lis IX. lb a native of SIt.igigUa, and his coun'mnen Its moral 1iLfluence lo indut • the Goverumenu and nor *0 Mas dariierous becau-e they have In them a former days between Prance and Bntland— a uilon teiitiarles at Tien is"in .tiid approved by his lin-.-erial mains, but of the soieriuns of the while Cbrisu-in leel naturally {nou ol his eievaUon. and consequeit- ol Cen thetieaiy, iIn tlM Honse of Lorda on tbe 6th, Earl oi Orct selves and to fiance by tne Intro fuction of a llieralThis has than to show dlspateh no other oojectsystem, and that wine, which, like tei cxplaloed tbe relatloaship of Government to the V.ol- In the declaringYin.eer Coipa. Although Government had supplied wtuld, lilie lea, be thettem wltk riiks it was not ttiought advisable that d* nle<l that any of the duties repealed wt-re revenue >1 ey ahonU be a permanent charge oa the revenue. duties. As a pro«>l they were only npp ised by la- He stated that tfia eikrolled corps numbered between t* tested parties. He euiereil at .iieat lengto Intj thein the yon ot toe rrsolutit ns which may be taiten in ctase- Romagnatrade. H-? enteied Into an elaboiato defence of the Cbiaebe ate put jecn-lvely in toe wrong.nlariij;that we shall do equal good to oir-last eento-y, was Ihe rich man's luxury,final.We are fiee to own that we admire thetroopspoorman's coinwrt. HeUnguteetoat the t?ovemment of ftte K'at 'eels all me res;>Ki-peiemp'ory andgiitge two years ea'lier. 'flmre is not ling to .le lur the repose oi Et. to, te it 16 hi-oi.vrn>iiit (s.ln-v't, nsi(;til l.i llic hiu-is u' >uur Am MB b« well fii.et as tlthastie*-ts,a f»ir were bem; he 1,W,.^aA}geblibS,speaas Spanish troopstse-tmAe ImdonThe Bouthampton magiatratos wereiFather. wbUMglMb rigttt wholebulb taetr passed.SaettiaBiptoai. Skip/mf GazetU, ftk, 0.'you g ive me Ibat I eiB, lite unfor unaie virtiijjg_,jj_^ Jamss AaasTat.so time. ItJuea I'tntiLh FaiKX Lubt, or Loan, and Davis Pai- cias baytog severally died under toe effects ol ine;Ized the whole case as an exaggeraleri story, and argued against tbe testimony of toe witnesses being be-HighPontiffsmain In 1861. Tbe tariff would be relieved of all its bard, and the ship was pltoblag a little, faito was—pointed out what a this great blessingstood tous for the; coming yearwito the sameriiO.I'CO. From this deduct loss by remissioa of which caused his death. Psacras'deato was attno-expeadltiire,he entered as lee-«euppers,of;aring got£58,592,000. But he uted to a fall from Mie yard-arm. The captain saidItaly.M. lorvitiRL. afterwhich would ledurc It toiro|io-cd to retain the present tea and sugar duties, he must have knownduty,^ infuriTted of tbeviews of Aostiia. The eosirler beiIhe liberties of the world, wnlcb to-mDrrow, prrn-ip'., iropiMtbntepiK-li in British commerce. The long an- ol 7d, on Incomes under that sura, which would prrv ought to have been. Aft.er a brief consulta- cause, however, to wonder. Such fnim the cradle cf the response whicb the French Foreiga Secretarymaybe co>pTOml^td by an amniuon which a first atiecces would render stronger and more ex-4ctiiijj.nuities, amounting to jC2,I46,00I), fell Inthe war duce £8,481,000, and thus eompletoly fill up the defi- tion between toe magistrates, the Mayor, atd bred heritageamidandAnd, should ever a danger thrnuten the free soil of duties on tea and sugar, unless renewed, relapsed. sugar, to continue only tor the year. He concluded suance of a warrant under toe signature and under toe same lot. still continues its glorious prog- To it-e proposition of non-toterventlon tbe Freaeh Ungland, tbe ardent ana mature rtevoiion of tie Finally, the commercial tr-jaiy with France com- by a warm euloglom on the blessings of improved seal of toe Secietary of State for toe Home ress. The Goepel of toe day recalled this ttuia only Government gives Its Implicit adheience. The pto-;and saved OJ yoil. tiy England. jielltd the Government to adopt anew and unusual laws and a well regulated finance. A forrnal voto forpeisecutionandpeople protectedwonM afford yon a seiiet and powerlul eu,.,)i)rf, couue. InDepartment, and,States Mtoister, the Caaii haidevioence, and were of that toere svas suffi-Imtioslag a duty upon chico-y was then proposed. Mr. DisRAiu, commenting upon tbe vast considera- tion Involved in the scheme, said that the proposttioa year, Inasmuch as tbat year had not been completed, f-f Mr. GLsbsTOirx to take it into consideration oninto the tinued, "to toe midst of persecution it waii his duty aro is weeded io toetbe financialtaking votes in supply, the result of the past financialciency. This tax, and tbe present duties on toa and addresstog I/sni and llisxs, said, that in pur-adversity,whicn, lb an abstract:it Ifprae-a oeficit ol nine milliuni^ and a half. Against this complaint. The magU'rales told htm tbat It was tortures and persecutions of old, wben we are ailtoJIspeasable tothere to re- main in sale custody until they were delivered up toill-usageis no needeye-witoesses 10 the ingcharge>" «^t •' the road have beea highlloi.bSl?.'^*~"*AJJaatnicnt of the' Itallaa Qaeadoa.The followtog are theEnglsnd to M. TBecvEaai., m the basis•preseaitold Gen.GoRce.Ntohis face toat the Cbr.rch wits peisecuted toe pious ladles who used to confess to him weight»iv.K:iieosi\ .*nl-out t ia-i,.ii aiitiwtibantiitncing,ti:'iis main er Ttr .tl tjesEv wli beJournalslatiua tiie tntlt inn oatos woicq Lit, -Ime. witaout p.-o-hosiile to France—bavtogto be solved toat means by-;n'y m Italy bad received ordets to be ready toexpectatiotno.eai.ti thaiHt le In ci'ciilrttiiiii.of01 the publirauoa ot tne p^mphlei entitled l^e Ptpt ete wast -ir^tioiis wore btriui; made on all nau.!s^cenued liom the bhoulde s neirlv to the ex-: 'erneliib head wan coverei wito a wQ-te h-iud,and to oftoe general consequenceevents which haveby the French tjcuer^.ati I It |s|)ferl>e|v liei-ioij." >oo liii-l votrvll in I'l.s p'JSiTheof thelli.n inui ton at vi.-e ine a^aiuti r ine pe-sce o! Eil-Frauoe aud are four tne.l- Englandwmy sona^boMTeralevateil posiUon la neteonly pour optm you, uponlore, havealways been directed towaras toe osiab-,he stated, to refer now to toe and prisons" "^ maintenance of propagation andBtent of tbe Italiandifficulty:toat the youth of ailpreach toe fauh to toe different mighthavebeeneducatedhere. IntheaegodatloM arrangeakeais, and e^a-had been toe of toefaun, which was o >rn Bodresbeo to toe Cngilbh Government. The foliowtagAustria may at a future time offer witoed the prisoners, and they were wito some ditfi.^ulty to Vtneiia. In treating of toe fourto potot, that iffollowedunfortunate cieatures wnose lives had been sxcrificed.6alee ia the Atlantic.THE QCY L'XXKXBIBO PUTS BACIi TO LiyESPOOL liimbeen ever knotsna by toe oldest seaman to connectioncities of toisto maKe, to truto, an apotoeosis of thewith Mr. Bat;ci. His Impression is evidently that,under such circumstances, we must be at war with is not expected to survive. Ntoe of toe crewof 24 especiallythe men deslmed youngpetb- to carry the faito lishtog tbe said letter to his priieipal edittaa farcooperate in toe expedition whicU he foresees, and castle, and of those who rematoed to w.irk toe ship,underitand that even the battle of torouglioui, not only matotained his calmuesa andPanaa and Moaeua isare questioos we must leave to theseRoyalbayersandsellersofmen,whotransferaprov-ince with as much indiS'erence aa ordinary mortalsdispose of a railway debenture. We gladly turn deficit at £7,30u,000. Even this would involve an in- mauin a passive state," to proceed as usual. All he steam-tug, and with toe rudder worked from toe sides abduction of toe child Mortaka. The room which he Sir : I consider it expedient briefly to explain toThe departure of toe Kmg of Sardinia from Turto piisoner w as then sitting at a wooden desk, which he necessity of putttog an end to the tuicertato and pro- for Milan had been fixed for toe 15th February. haii turned toto a smail altar for his private devotions. visional stote of Central Italy, had conaaated, twon. DzsA-MBEuis had been recalled from France at On entering I was struck wilb the cleanliness and montos ago, to toe meeting of a Congress for the pur- . actual reality of the affair, It is in the highest degree navy expenses now entailed upon us. The deficit that 1 consider what has passed to toe North as an act his own and Chevalier Co.sst.i^itise Ncusa monasuc order whici; were discemioie witiiin. It po^e ot deliberating on toe best means of founding the Tespeclable when compared with the principles under thus caused w-is, however, fully compensated by the of wai Ol as necessarily leading to a rupture of friend- le'juest, was a lolly, vaultco room, twelve feet long by ten pacification and prospenty of Italy on solid and dura-wbicbU Is sought to defend it. The particular trans- financial mue.-ures they had since adopted. Tne ly iela<iois ," and he intimates that if toe Chinese had been appointexl Sardinian Charge d'AJfuires at I'eetwiue. The walis were cieaniy whitewad.ied, and ble basis.fer is single and tran&itory ; the principles under real cause w:is the immense increase ot expenditure. fjiiveinii eut would but offer a nroper apjiogy, and Paris. at toe sou'Jiern and noitharn sioestwo large wtodows The Congress, which toe Ktog's Government had which it IS sought to defend that transler are ublqui- Had that expenditure reotained aii it was In 1852, coll^enl (o leoeive liijn at Peking on reasonaole terms, The London Tiuus Era*es th»t its corre-pondent a; prtjiecieil by an lu-n ri.il insured a copious an-J w.'iule- not ceased to invoke, as the only means cajculateitooa and permanent In theirtold that Savuy is to be transferred ra France becauseRome, an Italian by birto, but a naturaiiZt'd Bri'ishWe are they would now have had a surplus of two mtliions. be Aould on lus uiU'Slon, all coUislojs aiii^ome ventitatloii. Tne pavement ha.J oeen exp.-tssly co- to arrest the dangets of the moment, had been ac- veied wl;hn>Htting, anu stove had bt?en cepted wito confidence toe cf Centralby populationsItaly. Thfy hoped that the wish they had mani- It has only a geographical frontier, because ademon- pound. It would not, however, be fair to cos menu tnat ^'e'»Ille^.s could n>t be spared for tne trans- days. An appeal 'Jirough toe Bii'.ish Consul had no stead stood at toe rit;ht-hand side ol the door, and ob- fested to so foimal a manner of beijig annexed to theIts inbabltanis speak :he French language, because eqidvaleut to an income tax of 13)nd.' in the w»b s<< tncuiiibeied u ttb the wounded at this very mo*subject, had been orderel to quit Rome wilhto threeatradOD has been got up which the French Press is aider the Increase of expenditure without taking poii of troops, uno all Ihe kiug-iomt^ ijf tae East were effect. pleased to consider a conclusive evidence of tbe nation- into account the Increase of its means. This w*s ringing with tbe ne-vH uf our distsier, but Mr. The Parisal wiU,aad any attempt to put down which the French especially shown by the results of the Income tax lie Biuoi w.uis'.lll leady to aesu mt tnat nothing par-j.s a ia-ge oak table, upon which oA- States of toe King would be t&ken into serious coo-wito anpress uoDounces an act of hoetlllty to France. If went through the results of several years, st.o a ine ticular bad happened if tii>s t'ninese should be of mentions as a report toat toe Pope was about to ex- lurks, knit es and spoons- This was toe battme He viction the people of Central Italy and toeir Govern-theae be the conoluunsuf future annexation in Eu- an increase in the wealtn of the country ttf 12 per the .-anie way ol tnuiking. Hh reiatMiiocred, no doai>t, communicate King Vic70B EuA>usi.ciuairu of Fatoer Felljctti. A glance at toe lariels on ments awaited, in calmness and order, thejaige- Ihe bottles inspired me wito respect for to.; Father's ment of the Congress, merelv Itmidng fhemselrea to judgment, and toe resources of his extempore cellar. iucreastog aud uuciplimng their forces to order to berope, we are indeeo fetandiog on the threshold of evil cent, lu tne twelve years cctween 1812 ai"i 1SS3, *niHeat i-ontioi er^y^l IS5'. wheii it co.t us a gene-It was stated tbat France had expressed a disposi-tlBes. Nothing would oe easier than toe^tiniine a qutsuoa of tiii- very Kind, '*tion to w itodraw her troops from Kom», provgiveNoschedule showsiOil iivro Hs an ai-t of hus in v oniied the call to noThe wtoe ol klonte Pulclano, the .\icatico of Flor- ence and the famous Vino Santo were all mclutl >d In the coilectiuu. An abundant store of sweet Boloj^nese calces, cal eo btscoltmi, was heaped up at toe side ofmeet event.-.m consequence of difficulties which Ihave not to examine tneheie, Congress has been ad-The Congress failtog,these rl Itii-i per cent. In Ihe sis years from ;b'3 lo l»vi.trt-lal eiecii -n toaiiii re WHS anxious nut t-j I.ntci the action of HerAlajeMj's Guvrriiuieut," whii-h iiiKnt ormightnot Pope consented, and engaged himself to rt'naic the desiji.c'i-iii of hj;!-.-- i-o/.cu nieii-ol-war otoor foieigu ircops.oftoe Guardian,meansofctiainsandtackle.ITALY.toe new condition to whichplaced at toe present moment, whea toe coafideseeship bynow <x;cupies is called toe Torrione, because it forms youItalyfindsitaelfshe sailed on tbe 6to ofcorrespondent—Manchester:part of a massive tower on toe nortoern side of tbeancient building. It Vas aliout a quarter to ten when Affairs.toe turnkeys ixsbered me mto toe Torrione. The The great Powers of Europe, acknowledging themust hencelorto beas icng as they did noton His lovtog mercy. What afflicted and ierrifi"dand 48^ N. lat.experienced a more fearful combination of w.nd to take vengeance to toe name of God, and that toe be to march at aion.,Captain DoLtian,on to toat moregiven repentGod. acd throw tlieroseivesselves bound bytoe Austrian Court, and we could not to-day, la the presence of toe ofof toe and that tois evil could only be overcome by the greatest of mira-li; fiee from or the results of Tbe Inqnialtor of the Holy Offlo<« ta Prison. Circalarof the PicdnMBteae OoreraaeaU tojury disease,al^rge placed to acoinerolttie louinto wariuit. Tne clean iron bed-twhich ne had oia^i- u.t 10 piolect it. Altnuugti ibewasbo titucb atHiut Ihe Lett e characters of anceut aud ex|.ecieiithathitving tbe character and imptrta'uce of a gie>sts,i,.t;;,-,.„rb «i-u noo-t w.ite. After thisnay wip 51 di i-itj,-.- n. ftist . rt-it ill Ihiiin *' 11 lU .* r 1: u- .'I'c lets in-iiur the fJ'iveriitoent will at-tney are widcli I'lr hity ye-trs na^e caustitl st, niujh emtar- Called Uiioii I tr amends ; a. id. ttiuugri ih j terms aie raesnit lit tu toe PontiUit'il tr.jvernintsut ; but, as Ia 'justed to the dii^ta'es of bum inity as well as the pron ised In beelnnlbt; lti>tt Itt-ei pi s^ieak openly, l.-t t;enda-meb. i'es-i;ti h'.s beeu .u an excepuuuai p:>-suggfslioos of tusson, toe auiiiino...s, 6u-:h as ll Ls, is me be |ieruiitied pj ret'itu Ihe argument. iViuosn Mtioo witbto ttie last four or nve days Fears fo-iaf- the «c oal .late ol thugs In Italy. I will duly io'O'i"argiitneiitta coraoiebend their nor uo Anil, mortoter-, t.,ujr M*jcS'y is nut li<ri ira- 1 ihiel oditer of J'oilce aud if toe traveler aicure the peace of Suroec. ^'^M,(«u an4 lO.OCe'iueB, and OaverBBont intended to operated, and what good etfuot be mightJ^Bti Gaa»Tiu.s auaoonce'l that the new commer- had been laborliR to de for years pttr. H>ipiii a the psitoi toeir Government. The» carry, indeed, port the late atten pis at buloiina, R-tvelina, and o u.-tr i.wn he mns' de-'osit bis passport nt tne poUt^e-sjffi^e. ti» iieaty wiu, France vould bo introduced to the warm tribute to Mr. f'osnait, wtio. a-^ the ap.istle of to Ihe very otmns'. toat peculiar po icy walcn h«s re t I'le* nu'eheen m-iiie. Alinos'. tie entire (t.tDtlla',0'i Tl e ^tjaoJ.s in the toA-u, mttreovt-r. are all doubted.tutotoater the ioovement by a system of inspectioa. the alteration we had new oone with France, wh^t we we see any evidence of iguorance or in -apicity on by whrtt pvistiits, with wiiat funds, with wh «t Sup- vi.i-hts to gs a short dtstonce out of toe.'emeiit promised fur that a million, and a loss to the revenue of £Jiu.<in(i. He niaintsin unols'ortied all tne nrdniry relations of ttiiih. iifS letter was op.«-ed to ftiai with *iin'h vou laitbful. but the rest a eand yo'i intr deuetl was shelling the Moorish camp. Numerous steamit Greater »e find Itonecf ihe leastHiliveil hate ibeyM-d wuuld th- rrtwn inlov>l"ne also tlil.s pniitse 01 >oiir Mtjfslvy,tit.t viihutiiprtraiitli i.s. no HllMCk tsposition,•: i as i-.e ri mailed tetriit-stiicken at the itiov-jni"nt. wh'-iini There are iwo complete hatuliuns at Pesa-.i of a re- loiryfree trar'o, had twice in his l'f»- acinevnd sobi^ntl a centiy been ricimimendeJ in our o vntriitoiph. He stated that the Imai.viinto lep-tal oi Ou- tiue coiirtc tor a clvllizai peooie. Tney recisoli-i uLe expert ed, bhii t*hi, h .lti«iv welo 1.0: dlsi>ttb-d t-t gioiei t composed of ftrelgiiers, mostly llermARs, Captare al Teioa" hTlu' a"." H ''""'"uieut ill the Budget."'Pai«""^«! qM«.the"to.?c7aT';,'"^'''^''''''""" Ihertisioms,g1vii.garelieftr>theRnnKitiii«rsofalovis piivaie and na'ional tiariss"""is, hut taev iic*rwunl'i*"eI'O*iinoci11.7 ati'btrin. T-ttftitii.- ft.inomen. 1CDnotiinowwi«toer"the llriurnonsa-e thewholt-ofye-teiday.andthatthe^paiiishantHsrrwaslii" .M,of mI"!'"" *'"*" "•*' to consequence ol tne Ooveiiimei.L. tin the contrary, It was ihe devi.r? of even than the mercnants of Llverpotii ha-o yet ceplid 'lie p riject txiiressetl in the l-tter wtrch vtm ituite ihanromiuete. a squadnm of Dragoons, ivnd a'^'""""•> on tbe same evening.tit^on French Mitlclesnotornsse-i hv tnt* French a roejisience of war and peace miri)u.) ete foll.-tw Bi-I >tiiir M:.jt-My ifi.setvrs thil i( I h."l -icIC^nda-mes,a oaliallun ofnative rileioeadit'iil verv hmncl, -vavi-r, IIhe tlitt'e in fe le- hostility if s<ii:q pril...t| d—^a^e prei«:r»ai The Pbobl ttoips wilt lui 00 nmeiice lit a.ta'k; <»mp. anJ It was rumored toat ano her bfife "'J*"oeat], Ann«M1< n-T0.i-» mala, y ».,''"'" •"» '<"*> >o«- [«'• pM'pc-»ed to hbollsi the du'ies on tmtter. itne-^^e, or- comir.etce and trade wi'h their m si atilve eniuiies. hnnoied me telore toe cumu»'-ot-eiti«itt of t-te l.s nn tin it'hey will fith's ei'iilr, Two gates of the to iva and saiiiig irsispn'U were off the port ol Martia.rd ioaa RrsstLL, inU >«ix.,ta«foraie'i tbe Hou«,ii r.ntlatlon wllh Ihe Hanoverian lir"'"""'"" *•" tiaisaciloiiB of 'he counim. that tiiey wo iin urn luc.^me tofrom Mr.-.tiri^ uitt an la-Pr>»ro -s a p*.,,i,l HIS town in ttomu.4ri>on ; wl.htts sl'#ineso dw-rs adt) It ty.e animation wf wniclall a'ltliitsore pernv per packet.itnui|t.»nsanyof it as tne moexportedrejeat least, f-r tTein. U etuhUs bb to ine s. ciii'd Mart. 1 itelletfe I iiave vt-tple-l tt .i<FbB. r,i in tl ei>\,*-ita tArious bffair in which ibea"'"' £3WMiio per annuip. He further pr»3<i»ed to lav tliem to ii'ft ct uijiiri And evider-triniriun, ti» c »a pr'tp CI -Is In .rltitlssl >,e „- in,; p't^-.ttt. d '"IItgavei lea of ths out our d-illats. Ii Is gre-it rii-i<>iu Ol refusingfiiM ptrtx^anUheimifrassTi-ui,tius-wi,rt»i^ „f yt.ii. ill 'herepair,MAi>ai»,Tn'**"'^"^^''gtcvilicea wa» uooled before the late war, but ll' I'll. !,,.>• eoi.tniribj a 31. Btiml upon di>'lc m\r- rotirts, biKl, tho'lgh we snail now proia'tiv mm lel iite*ie:-i, s<t lu i,ci thj»i in> Hp;ireboabloii be nil jusil- *he ^miiiinitif tne insiirfieui f.ii,-e la tttw R-iipagta. Tetoan haa been taken by toe (*»nl«"*" "J"^was,•^ts ucc-nMs lu cauug houses to »eU "lae UtA latuniaalOD, wocan Iteverbe ceititBlbat lolspeaix- fiM. Cbi lain utuoUb, seciet.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tallmeof the«lu »««*«»«'" that tb JCmistaries, tn order 10 alariB too p</;ulatton e«- •ttlo, Whiok »mo«gMooUntitled Document"^itow.ctiMi.1gnasa'c >tmt csBp cf tae aclioa of Jau 3I- Tn:Ou toe contr&rv, the ex iresloweofiow and then occauie more apijareat Itjiuneyutiations,is st ll further ts-Your tiuu to wi.itfb be belunga. 1 bad alterwarus an o^i-perfecturderstAuding(»rev»ilsg t>eiKi that he was doing whatIII rlKbieol Ihe lluly See—rigl>t« which are whetoer he was htiinanely treate.! in his prisou. Notnounced,- at and Pavma than at Florentre and W tdena.Wo sincerely wish that the Sovereign by the seml- manulaciuied aoods. placing on tbeiu an ud vjuorem dnis; tttiling which capitulation tne naval am ou lotiiaiatly thai li.e sictor; lUifh would 'J« hib shuiudbitf. lie only made a gestute wtuca meaut adnitssiou of the sni exd Ion bi-eaiiy e^t^blisnl»doffloial organs of wltose Government tbese monstrous<9oetMnc« a/e put forward would awake wniie>e lU'ukey, whoct.ii pulsion as tney inlcht deem advisajie. a pielext and em'.ourag.'meiit to tbe native and for hid caught Miibt 01 it. urged hint to answer, nut ot vnin tot towai'ed m ihetr bffdirs io ordtr on tbeun 'ntei vention and oi re-( iity not exceeding 30 per cent. Tola m^ximin gtveois, military autoorliies would adopt such measures uf to ihe tevoiu iunlslt ol tlle Legations Wiiilld serve ,is Ibat be waa reei<ue.i to lus fate. Tafter tiiree years, lu be educed 'o 'J5 per c.-nt. O-i th-f<m Ibci In iEmilia as well a.s in Tuscaiy; and, 3. taatfollowingRiinli.l, 111 the I'apal States, Oa'ed Feb. -i.tua tie moment forand definitecarrying 'he annexation in'o eois-taken place in totit town. The Cirntvai aiousemeutsEurope. present, uwinr unoertatntyare cocducted as usual, and toe theatre Is well at-tendinged on a ni'ivnueut of toeof duriig tbe iasi fiO years ? B-it at tnesiina 'nuo wio l.ave iiiduied the auih^nties to adopt mi^^sutes of quence. Let Um*ce fur tbe present to inform yonc«ui.t tie uvolliti in^ wl.i--h liaveuci-tirtttd in Fran :eLord Josa to 1850 eunstderaoiy more torn his laa- wllOBie to sttv 10 tne ):r-at Fteiid u-*tii#.'t, in«t piet aution. Nutwlihsiwuduic the stritn search waicassary tt reS"r-.tA .ill tiaeBbgelcdVii g -inotiiia undergoes, it lb aeit-ctied1; or c >unlv«uce. the l-llilts of tne l^iii 'ilc ? Theav "' pf-jvts rjtitin on anisioa at Peitaru. All toe papers la that iw deciS'oBS ivili he Inspi.-ed aol-lv *,»"°"gatoed In smh matters iy vac lU.ioThe Chinese, wuh all their onrbiri-in, «'« q.me as tuo Dii-fh, at cuiiwniiiy nerinit lui- to rtie<it tt. ttaveifrs" pocseta are o,itiu<td and real by a duty in'erests of IWlV,i11;ar« ta an excci-nt compel »n eneinv to laysuch a ivav make a virtue of neccsalty, aad he prudent I can-Cnthodc missionstinue unoer the Austrian rule.3. Tbe inhaDilaais of Central Italy to be agata la-on the of the United too appropriately. Aliiiough," his Holiness cna- that Fieacarequisition (ositlou troops quit toe Roman Staleslast,inits over and be ures,posite It there wof the Loudon Herald lles of wine had been placed in an orderly row by the sidera'ion, and approved by toe Plenipotentiariesprifconer, togctoerabundant supply of dishes,of tbeprincipal Suies of Europe. In toll con-which IAt there |J tbe cfottoUeaRaaa^ aor asaat the aame Uaaa that anotoer Itself at1. Theto an absolute bense.of jubtified byhas soSuchtofrontier, regiment qoiit-d Rimini to 4i2. Veneua to lemato aside from ailareoftbe si ving definite a^ swer to the pripaeliun ol toe Engl.sh Catitaaf, thehavlngreeelvedtfaeortlenbaroy is tiee, from the tacit avowal of thecanbot hnve any doubt as to our unhappy lt3dy men have come sincere desire to combiie for toe soiutitm whii:h theoftoe 6'tecle insists should bes, tbeof the pampflet. ibe iett* r to the Pofte, antl the rocvo-as tbe reailzaiion o' It Is no mere ttos -ibida. Thattoesolesoluilonposaiolecmflstsmtow'e<il-nt rl for the ptipularnseetlng of the Congress, and In coa^e-slbtllty ImpoiMtfl on it to these r-iiticalmomen'i an-l»*« .**paalaT#B. Fr<TM the Gllirnltar ChrtnicU of Fe*. 1.the publisbes text www.fultonhistory.com 