 • of fMdewuiks under street Cemm WooerfAuita, aad tx>* holds bimself realy for any hcaorable coaearo-WEW YORK HERAmjgPRSDAY, NOVHMBBR 1, 1860.-TRIPLB SHH5T. indi•ajCity Imtellff ernes.OaBtiecneaa o> ftaawAum —Is it la the ;bat mof theaM,MMtonttIteaaa. lie it about five feet aloe tncbea hi height, mustache, sad dresses with great can,nasally la tawbora la Westchester county, aad is about thirty ypresentediathelastLegislaturebyGeo.W.Varian,who has been renominated b y all the anti-republican factions of the district. Mr. Varum is a aatlve of this city, of themission o f t b e Commissioners o f Public Charities andCorrections. Intheevening theywilt beentertainedtoa banquet at one of our principal hotels, by the regiment.Tuesday, company B , Capt. Moore; will havecharge ofthem, visiting th e Cedtral Park, Greenwood and otherThetruth Isthat FrancisJosephspeak more correctly, invited himself to Warsaw through his ambassador, Count Thun, and instead of having sentand his political map will soon b e t h e only authorised mapofUnitedItaly.THB LATEST FBOM NAPLKS.Nan-as, Oct. 12,1860.receiveda countermand,but hasbeen warnedtohold itself in readiness to start at a moment's notice.ARRIVAL OK THE ANOLO-SAJCON. LIVERPOOL, October 17,1960.THSCASSOFTHSCTHAXDSFAILTXE.—Pastor Ramos,the fugitive from Havana, who is charged with having swin- dled his employers, Carbajozi, Vbaxabal A Co., out o f 830, 124, was brought before Justice Welsh at tbe lower Police Court, yesterday. Tbe Spanish agent appeared ascandidate against the r*pub-tbe upshot oftbat Count Sbonvslefl, our Military ammisslooersi Paris, has been ordered to Inform Napoleon, ARRIVALOFTHEFULTONATTHISPORT. officially, lias the Emperor would ha at Warsawthis laIlte[disapproval. At that time It had not polios to back the bulls aad the ha•Italy built, randy batr, i d s whiskers, imaJ, keen blM most approved style of tee aristocratic class of his busi-T h e r e p u b l i c a n s b a r e a u a i a a t e d J u d g e C. S . P i i f l a a l l ,I r r i t a t i o n B e t w e e n F r a n c e a n dSwitzerland.TIE KU6 IP MAPLESSTILLIN TABFI8L9.Attempt to Assassinate the Queen of Spain.DEATH OF SHERIDAN KNOWLES,bat was so badly bastsa by MeCarty that be baa not been aeaid of since, until a s turned up a few evenings siaco u» a republican convention- B e s a tell, atim paraoa, wean a broad brtenaed bat. aad ante a great swell la a small_AUSTRIA.TOBOu, Octi E King has bean aommated b y tbevokedforDecember1,tnordertoexaminetbestatutesof tne Provincial Diets is totally unfounded. The Council of tbe Empire will not reassemble until after the Provincial Diets shall have been formally established.RUSSIA. Wiuia,Oct18,1800.rears! ofThe Parts correspondent to the London Times tays —Tbe cold, rainy weather we experienced last week bad amarked effect en tbe Paris flour market. Flour of the November Eve has probably aeea derived its name oftomes, bat ha la engaged in the mercantile busi- st No.T«Froststreet,aadisanactive,Industrious and energetic man, attentive to business, and has never been mixed op with theeorner cliques that havesolong araaslutlMis to seaan bla eteetiea. to tbe same place, diagrsoed our ctty at Albany. He is about twenty eightIf. tbe sack of 120 kilos.SPAIN.MADRID, Oct. 13, I860.Judge Beebe. B e w a s appointed to a judgeship in tbe Marlae Court,to1Uavacancycausedbytheresigns*oa of Alfred Phlllpa, aad at tbe aspiration of ate term made a woadarfni Cooriab, got up all maimer of societies aadThe JPpoeaarrival a t Madrid tbe Council will decide upon tbe recall of tbe Spanish Minister from TurinThe same journal also say s;—Their Majesties leave Sara- gessa today.yean of age, stoutly built, sandy oompexiOB, and has an expression of countenance indicating aa active mind aa wen aa energy aad decision of character; be would make a good representative.Therepublicans,afterfaillogtoseduceJustice Welsh to their way of thinking, have brought out John P. Q u a of this district. He n email, ehort aad actire paraoa, mings, their candidate last year. Mr. C. is wall known •boat thirty fire years of age; sever bold any office, bat both here and at Albany—the latter place is his winter baa recently taken aa active part in tbe polities) squab- resort, where be goes to avoid the chilling atmosphere of Mas la tbe district. B e la a commission merchant at NTo. New York. He ia a maajber of tbe Board of AaifrattonTOPaJtoastreet.FOCBTKB»TH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.Tbis district takes ia all of that territory lying be-tween fourteenth aad Twenty-sixth streets, extending well liked wherever known. B e ia a thoroughgoing fromtheSathavenuetotbeBastrlTer,aadwasrepre- Sewardmaa. Hewasdefeated byMr.Harrislastyear sented ia tbe last Legislature by Theodore B. Voorhles, for the same position that be is running for now. He was who, like many others, left a jity railroad record. Be has a member of the Common Council in 1*47been renominated by tbe Mosart Ball party. He was one We have thus waded through the several Assembly of the yotngect members of tbe last Legislature, is a de- districts, and presented, the best that w e could, the an-French German stock. B e received bis initiative steps places. In tbe evening the Guard will leave for New Ha-ven, under tbe escort of the regiment, commanded by in legiaiatlve matters in the Board of Aldermen, and Col. George Lyons, and will depart in the 11 o'clockmade withal a good member, and served on the Commit- boat. At New Haven the Guard will be received bythe tee on Banks and th e celebrated select Committee on New Haven Greys,Capt. Willis Bristol, Jr. They remainPro Rata. He was the special engineer to confirm iha in New Haven until the morning of Thursday, leaving thence for Hartfwd, where tbey will be received by theerdinaaoea of the Common Council, and voted against the battalion under the command of Col. George S. Burnham.Having been summoned by the Dictator, tne Pro Di ta- a special messenger to Vienna with the Invitation, our tor (Pallavtcini) and IMP Secretary (Caraute) proceeded government Is perhaps rather sorry by this time that yesterday evening to Carerta. After a conference, atTbe Anglo-Saxon, from Quebec on tbe 6th Inst., reached complainant, and urged that the prisoner be held forcity railroads, West Washington Market, and Commis •itnera of Records claim In all their various stages. H e iisovotedagainsttheSundaylaw; isamanaboutfifty->five,and looks as though he believed in taking the world easy.Tbe republicans have nominated Edward C. Jofinson. a dealer In fruits in Fulton street, who resides in Madison avenue. Heiaanative ofVermont, aboutthirtyeightyears of age, dark whiskers, partly bald head, and a full believer in ail the modsm doctrines of tbe republican party. He never held any office, bat is one of the sub- stantial men of the ward and a large property holder; may be put down as one of the best nominations thai have been made tor the Legislature.81XTKOTH AS8XMBLT DISTRICT.The Nineteenth ward makes up this district. It was represented ia the last Legislature by Henry Arcularius, who has been renominated by Tammany Hail, although it la reported that he is going to decline. Mr. A. is a, of weight, mark, genius and reputation, and could tc the most noisy speeches of any member in the last Lcgiamtore. He is a native of .New York, aad about forty-six years of age. He was the Tammany Hall can- didate for Register in lStS, and defeated; h e was nomi- nated m 1MB for County Clerk, and waa again defeated,England. It is no secret that Queen Victoria expressed a strong desire for the interview to taxe place, aud, wbeworkshops.Dayala, chief of the National Guard, has been dis-today.tbe civil auit bas been fixed at $90,000, so that it is not at all ldtely that he will be able to procure bis release untilthecomplainantsarewillingtogivehimbisIber.v.THS PEOPLE VS. LOCIS PRAGSR —The defendant n this case, who is charged with t mbezzling a lot ol jewelry while In the employ sent of Lazarus Wineberg, of No. 68la his expedition to Egypt, and with painful iate- recaiH t b e siege of Acre—the forced march across Owsais MsOtbe, the republican candidate of this dia- the burning sands of the desert—tbe thirst and banger experienced, and the skirmishing with ttte Mamelukes that ever harsssml their flank a n d rear. H e was with tbe French army upon its entrance »nto Moscow, bat, dis- > street, aad outer resorts for tbe dealers ia horse* heartened, and seeing nothing but disaster before him,tbe l'nlian capital, and renew tbe acquaintance which b e had made three years ago at Btuttgardt. Tbe Duke of Montcbelio replied that what be hal said was merely an idea of his own; that be had no instructions to that eiteu, and that be was quite uuabie to state wh« iber tbe engage- ments of bis master would allow of his taking so loot; ain audience by the Emperor.The Moniteur gives, a formal denlaf to the reportedexistence of a despatch addressed by the Duke de tira- mout to lamortciere, announcing to the latter the imme-Untitled Documentdiate assistance o f t h e French troops, and says — m e French Ambassador had only sent a despatch to theThe captain came from Maine, aad sh e others further East.The matter was then dropped.The Grand Jus/ presented tbe following indictments —;Chit. 31pany— Motion denied on pJaiattaPs default, and a'.ay v«- cated, wits $10 costs of oppoalBg to Or*en.In re Habeas Carpus cf Oitkartne WatTt—Tr.X d.»-***> • a prominent politician af that school, aada borasJames B Bams vs. New Tor* MmrW 0 « -He is well kaowa about Twenty-Horatio Mortan fornpOB whenever aay qoestioa In horses 'fama a p far ooasiderat forty rears of age, wefl forssed, «H e * aNEWS FROM EUROPE.aaah aa observation wWbeatdulyao-far fromplacer if eyes,generallydresseswithgreatear*,aadcaabeseenaesa;alwayshasadeanoollar,aadpaysspecialattention oasuchanadaaahadaytoemeetthePrinceResentof Itsreplytotbethroughthatstreetoslegitimatebusiness.Itwouldi•o, It would be a great accommodationto i theeartofFraace,bymeansofaver- be quiteasagreeabletotadieetopeasoatheawkwaik-Jttes that tbey Instead of taking tea middle of the street, aa they were at an International offence Tbte oampeiledto do yesterday, and aUow the balls and bearsla bellow aad growl oa the leggtog.Thomas H'twine, a 'J^nor deafer ia Eighth avenue. Be *a cows e of ex-«SeuatoT Dougherty; never sold a a yaJtbwja k» baa hoc* acardidete for Councilsteads ran*.? f«r aay effc*. There Is sow a movement oafoot to ua:to the Tammany, Mbaart aad arockinnage par-temoahimforOeonsUmaaatthecharterelection,aadifJk»e#,thewellmownpiblichousekeeperofthiscity, andtheintriguesoftbereactionarycliquewhichseektothatLamoriclerewasexpeciedtoarriveatRometodaycialgamesandjollity.ThecustomofkeepingupHallowwaJfctagdownthedollartide ofBroadwaywithconside- tehalucsL PrusstaaadtbeKmperorofAustria,adding,laooandeace, thai if the French monarch could make i t convenient <orable flourish aimoat any eventag. SBVlNTKENTHI ANHtBLT DISTRICT. join them, Alexander would be highly nattered te reservetka Moanrtars aad Brockiarirfgers tare trotted oat This district extends overall that portioa of tbe city IMPORTANT FROM NAPLES. so distisgustfced a guest I am told that it cost Gortcha-keii some trouble te prevail upon tbe Emperor t i send note addsiawa Me regretthisshouldbe aecratpMshtd bewi3 withdrawfrontthe •eld aad leave the eoaet slaar for A »x. Ward. B eabout tweaty-two yean of age, and a son of Edward formerly ia the lower wards, but recently aa eae of theIt is stated by Pontifical offl^rTre^nmT fUrn uS'yPrinceMetternleh laexpected heresoon. Itlasaid E'enhithisfashionisalmostas"oldasthehills,"tousefaebionable drives fa the upper pan of the Island; he is t young m«n of some promise, with no political experience.The Mo/Art, Breckinridge and Ball party have nominal e d S y d n e y P . I n g r a h a m , J r . , n e p h e w o f J a d g e I n g r a h a m , afsatlasaaa frees the rami d*trtete,aad a rebuff* to aad from pore Knickerbocker stock. Hie father is in toethat be baa been instructed by hte government to give tbe French government explanations Trnrnlnr the in- terview at Warsaw.a homely simile, aad is especially celebrated ia ScoUaut and Ireland, where aiplea, nuts, cakes, pies a a d agree able beverages m e brought t a w exteaatva reqotetuon. From the large part which apples play te the axercmes ofHe wasWARLIKEPBEPAfiATIOIS IIFBAIGE. the party at which Pruace Gortchakoff Is the head, and to whom the arrival of Napoleon a t Warsaw would be as great a triumph as it would be a crashing blow to theirlying north of Eigbtystxtb street, aad waa rspriaaatsd hatha test Legislature b y William Harris. He has re- tired into private life, sad Tammany Ball bss trotted oat a y o ng m an by the name af J a y Jarvia Jones, who hitbia invitation, aad it remains te be aeea now whetherbring usbacktothe traditioosofNtehoJasandtbeHoly alliance will be completely baffled. It is needless to mention that taob a result would be highly acceptable to»flags of Ambeam 1 art and Consuls alone the protection of international rtsnts. taoavasatliejr railways, where everyaadaQuarantineCommissioner,andisoneoftbepipe- atyen of Weed's party to this city. Be Is a prominent contractor, and although unsuccessful many times, IsThe steamship Fulton, Capt. Wotten, from Havre and SouthamptonlTtbalt.,arrived attbis port yesterday.Her advices have been partially anticipated by telegraph a basis of the Italian cause.Some excitement w as created at the Battery yestertayscendant of Knickerbocker stock, aad Is now twenty- tecedents of tbe eighty candidates in th e field, pantingeight years of age, and a property bolder. He for an insight into thtnes at Albany. If tbe recordtatnot tbe spot, lost no time in setting the injored limb. JVomTbe war in Borneo agatnat the natives was being con- tinued advantageously te tbanmtcb.THE WAR HI CHINA..SHASUBAX, August 19,1860.waa a'.muted to tbe bar in 1854, aad was for- enough to turn the stomach of our political readers, then merly a member of tbe whl# party. He was we Bast sav that they have become hardened by similar one o f t h e moat prepossessing in t b e last Assem- diet heretofore. We doubt If there was ever so unworthy bly; >s tall and wtll formed, with curly, jet black hair a list of philosophers, with few exceptions, ever before aad mustache, dark, penetrat.ng eyes, tbia face, dresses presented for iegistetlve honors.the latest inquiries we are g'.ad to learn that toe youD* Prince is going on as favorably as possible.tion announcing their coming, and threatening vengeance unlfss tbe oily submitted to tbem. The foreign lesideats have formed a volunteer corps Tbe greatest abtrm pre- vails. Trade is entirely stopped.Tbe allied forces landed at Pehtaag oa the 1st of Au- gust. The Chinamen Informed the interpretsTM that the forts were empty. The allies thereupon took possession of tbem, and found on y wooden guns aad three men. Skirmishes with the Tartar cavalry afterwards to>k place,boll stands all tbe time site, the patmnoe of a martyr. At length a rifle, properly loaded, Is tried; aim is taken, and crack goes the shot, the crowd scampering out in all direlions, anticipating a charge by tea infuriated animal, should it happen to be oely wounded. But tho bull is BUtloaarv and the deadly buLet baa am-d far acroes tbe Nortf river". 'again ls-tbe rifle'levdifrtand! fired, and again the crowd ecaibpef off, tamblirg «fv.-r one) another in their panic. The bull ternt round to see what is tbe matter and gives the M P. aaotbtr cbanct- Ah Iwith great care, and got up naturally and artiSclally so aa to present an attractive ippeeraae-i, yet witboat any marks of superior ability ; he ta evidently one ofTbe London Ttmes has reason to believe that MrM. P., Financial Secretary to the Treasury, has eonsentedto take the vacant seat at the Council Board in Calcutta, tency and coelraaiction. The practiaul/way to preventBis name is recorded amongst the list of yeas In favor oftba c>ty railroads in all their various stages, also theWestW«eu'ogt^iMarketbill,aadtheCommissionersofArctic Heftont—Sttam Ploughs mud Other Nvueliie*— curred on a voyage irom Hull to Cronstadt in tbe steamer interest of t h e speech, however, comes to a head wefe bealtbymany party He IS a young lawyer, boldini;forth in Fine strict, aad graduated at the Columbia of its population, wtll be very interesting, and as soon a*TheWarsaw Conference—TheEmperor ofAustriaNotJbrmaMy Invited—What the*Of)kial Journal of St. ed, and the "Load Star" of Sardinia directs unheiitatxnylytbedatacanbeobtainedIshall(orwardtheaggregates School but a few unnlhs ago. He is about of tbe subjects embraced for your readers.PetersburgSaytAboutIt—TheQueenandOowmmenttothe.Romancrown. TheVenetianquestionisn,.i--tustth equal openness as regards theultimate issuetwentyh r, Jaiuo^th, fair face, free from tbeappearance of care or anxiety, presents on th e wholea JU.;IS' .1 if not boyish appearance, is a novke in poli-tics, and ibis, perhaps, presents one of his strangest bailing cage, to bis temporary retidence outside thewalla.claims for consideration ana support. He ia a parsonof Colonel Wood will salute the people with his steanThe proposed Interview of our Emperor with Francis figure in the Horizon of tbe Sardinian vision, " aowever night. The ministry has also resigned.Gar Ha \ aw a Correapondtem e. HAVANA, Oct. 26, 1860.it. however, is to annex Naples, for 22,000,000 of men vacant by the death of Mr. James Wilson. will bave a guarantee in tbeir very nuebbor againstThe-Markets, *c , die.TheslaverbrigByron(Am)hasdischargedher cargo, 670 negroes, and they already belong to the eman-Arctic, was born at Cork In 1784. ThePariscorrespondentoftheLondonDaily.Vuasayson tbe great sabjecta of Rome and Venice, and here Count Cavonr does not leave it in any doubt what Is "tho Pole Star"ofSardinia—thatRomeIsclearlyplacedtntheRecordswisdte. HevotedagainsttheSundaylawandtook a prominent stand against It; also opi osed tbe cipado corps ol Cuba. We have reports of other cargoes Switzerland, on account of the repeated popular manifes- gnat oratorical (fleet, and produce* general emutioc >nrejM.bhc*n lit.ectursandCanvassersbillthatlegislated out of office the old Inspectors, and favored tbe bill to pay the aid police fore©.RobtC.HatchIL^ShasbeennominatedbytbeTam-landedon thenorthand southsides,bat witboat very tationsInthebittercountryagainstpresumed aggressive reliable data as te vessels, numbers or parties interested. designs of Napoleon.theChambers, This is,atany rat<»,open andstraight-The royal orden aad distribution of labor for taking a census of the realm were published in our official organsunderdateof13djnst. TbecensusofCuba,with thestatisticsofitsIndustry,andtheclassesandcolorsOnr S t . Petersburg ST.PSTSRSBCRO,Oct.1,1880.though it w il see that, made in this form by a Sardinian minister ID a Sardinian Parliament, th.a is a prepnant announeenett and a great key note struck. T*rtrumpethassounded,andoneof(hoset.Mngshatbeen saidfromivhtchthereuntdrawback;theRubiconiscrots-The departures of gold ships are;—The Norfolk, 36,202 rz ;the Ottawa, 22 856 is.; the Swiftsure, 70,623oz., and tbe Water Nympb 80,463 oz.AoaxaiDB,August26,I860. Businessisextremelydepressed.o THEVERYLATESTNEWS.ITALY.Nanas, Out. 16,1860. Tbe pro fern Dictator bas resigned, and will leave to*Napoleon will accept of it. If he does, the meeting of Amagements fortheReceptionof Victor Warsaw will assume qntte a different character, and, in- stead of containing tbe germ of a coalition, it will sooner ttnd to conarmthe frieDdsaip bet *eea Russia and Fran'ie, EnaBHel—"Dowi with Mazzial!" which baa been somewhat lmpa red by recent events,arepmeed-: . : • • .NOVBKBB Eva—ALL S a n a s DAY a m A u . B o r i s DAT — In almost every portioa of tae world when the English language is spoken, aad moreparttoularlym Great Britain and certain parts of America, test night, being known a s November Ire, waa duly commemorated by peculiar so-Ac.,A cThe Queen of England arrived HerMajesty'sarrivalinEngland ispostponedtillWed- nesday, October 17.The London TUWMregrets to state that an accident oc- curred to his Royal Highness the Comte de Pxris while bunting, by which be sustained a iractureof one of tho boaea of the right leg. Fortunately the accident happen ednear Claremont, and Dr. Izod, of Esher, who waa onWe prefer commenting on the ipeech to riving a table oi contents, because it is nly by reading the spe«cn itself thatwegetanideaofthosecompactmassesofstate- ment and decisive points of view which Impart such solidity to it as an outline of policy The introductory part, in which b e settles matters with Garibaldi, exhibits consummate deru-niy, converting the seat of strong ih In the Sardinian Chambbrs, in wcich the General comet off so clearly the worse, into a splendid compliment, and " the greatest homag* that could ever be shown to a c<tiz*n." Tne ebarge of the meditated an- nexation oi Sardinia to France is at once met by a broad distinction between that case and f^avoy—»« for. gentle men, tbe great principle of nationality, the corner stone of our political edmc*, can never b e mvoked for a cession of a portion cf our territory." The whole of the Italian movement tales place open a principle whicn includes Sardinia, and would make the cession of it an Inconsis-nounced mad by competent persons, tbe animal didnot exhibit anything like fury, standing quietly n tneopen•pace,lookingattbecrowdwhichspeedilycollect-ed, or occasionally taking an easy stroll for a few yards,snd again assuming a stolid attitude. After seme delay ,riftts are brought, and an M. P . steps cautiously forward te a lamp post, within fifteen paces of teurus, takes steady aim, and—the rifle misses fire; a second attempt, with a similar result, a third trial, but tbe rifle refuses)of Gnat Britain Anxious fortheConference—PrinceA great sensation was caused upon our wharf yesterday Gorlthakftf's Aim—Will the Emperor Napoleon At SsBut, together wiih this full and clear exposition of theby the passage of his Majesty of tb e Arctic Seas—"Asa Lion'—from tbe steamship Havana, in his salt waterarffinian design, there goes a running cam meet of l e - tend at Warsaw? nfc. ference to European politics However clearly Rims mayment throughout Europe, and its Importance has been sothe correspondent of one of the weekly papers, under the pass from the wharf to the Ta:oa theatre, through 0 Riley much exaggerated by the philo-Austrian press, that it is forestall it and reach tbe goal by a Short cut. EuropeJoseph and the Prussian Regent has created such excite-deep n a y b e *ur aftectlon for th e illustrious martyr Venice." her tame has not yet come. There is a way in which things must be done; it is of no use attempting toGaribaldi desires an assembly to spprove th e voting; also one for Sicily.a tBrusselsOctober 1 3 .Correspondence.Lalng,The bite Mr. J. Sheridan Knowies, author of the either cession or cooceestun, and ihus the question in which fourteen men ware wounded.is r.ot only answered, but made an argument Tne allied troop* then proceeded to tbe Taku Forts. An this time he is b it Off be goes at a caete-, tbak.bg b:sthese persona who balteve ia lakttg tbe world easy. Afore Cargoa of Negrot$ Landed—A Sea Lion from the "Hunchback," "The Love Chase," & a , wbase death oc- for the vote of the Chambers which is wanted. Tbe assault waa prepared for the i >ih of August. Tbe troopsthere is considerable Irritation between France and chart or political prophecy as "tbe splendid capital of ourItaliankingdom." Theannouncementlamauewltngeod ecutatoa, spent several years In Europe, and was plongh apparatus to morrow, the car and locomotive tostreet. The Colonel has touched all the strings this time, more necessary than ever to caution you agaiost attach must be convinced that Italy can govern herself. That is Strong patrols of the National Guard patrol the streets. at such a late hour, and suggested that tbe matersignature of •'Sallnua." He is a translator and writer for by which, in peace, this community sensates curiosity the awkward doubt that now staids in the way of com- several of the weekly papers, and is a claimant for lite- and tbe very cables of agricultural industry. log too much weight to the reports connected with it. plete Isaltan emancipation, and that doubt most be re- His show rooms, teuta, and theatre will be in full Many of them are mere Inventions, the design of which moved by an able and moderate course of adminis- rary as well as political h> nors. He commands the sup- blast in a week, end he mill have a magnificent season. is evident enough, and which are officially contradicted tration before Italian unity is allowed to absorbsrAJN.man,armedwithasmallpistol,attemptedtoshoother Majvsty. Thepistol,boaever,missed fire. Themanis believedtobeinsane.AUSTRIA AND PRUSSIA.BEBLW, O ct. IT , 1860.port of the men of social induenca in his district.Ibe ugat in this district is between Tammany and iio- atrt. Endeavoringtoseewhichwillwin,theprobabili- tiesare-thatbotb will fall,and therepublicansslipinTbe Breckinridge party have brought oat Edward Mar ray, a person who ran aga.nsi Geo, Opdyke. He is a na- tive of Ireland, educated in tais city, and a carpenter by trade; is a quiet looking sort of man, about thirty-five. Be was at one time engaged about tbe Custom House, andwa believe that be ia tbe person who figured as tbe She- morning of tbe 10th of November, to remain four days, Francis Joseph of his friendship, and signifying his Arm which attraction is proportionate to the mass." ii Sar- relations have become more deeply rooted, aad have ac- The accused, who were arrested by detectives Bennett,The coming company of Bumeey & Newcomo, the "BlackSwan,"andmanyothernovelties,willdrawuponoarpocketsnextweek,orthereafter,promptly.Thehealthofthecity isgood;notbetteranywnere. Sugars quietFreightsnone, andexchangesregular. London,18,^to14; Northern, 2>i to 4; New Orleans, 4,1; to 6, short sigat. peror of Austria how completely be had forgiven the Italy; "an irresistible fatality drives her even now to mea-inanarticlethathasjustappearedintheJournalde 8t.Petersburg. Itwasstatedbya Vienna correspondent oftbeJournaldesDebotsthatinordertoshowtheEm-untilThursday,the8thInst.,stteno'clockA.M.There wasconsiderableofacrowd—andamixedonea that— Inthocourtroom;butever;thingpassed,offquleMy.Sami-Bx or $4,000 a CorsTaaFsrr Momrr—Twobrothers, nsmed Andrew and Samuel Roberts, proprietorspast, and bow sincerely desirous be was tosures of coercion and severity;" she cannot govern on anyTse Isaac Bell had been totally wrecked. The crew were saved.AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND. Msuioua.vs, august 26,1880.NonewsbasbeenreceivedoffartherboctltiiieeinNew forward; the world cannot complain of o.sguise, Zealand. Trade is worse.Rome and Venice. Sardinia throws herself upon the publicoptnion of Europe, in thefullcon- fidence that if,asthechossn representativeofItaly, shesucceedsingoverningit,Europemustgiveway. Austriacannotgovern VeniceInthevicinityofUnited.Military Intelligence. restore the relations between the two go- otber principle, in consequence of tbe attraction whicn The official Prussian Gazettecontains a leading article of an oyster saloon situated st the comer of Merceraadthe rest of Italy exercises upon the fragment from h e r ,VISITOFABOsro*MILITARYCOMPANYTOTill?CITY.vernmentstotheirformerintimatefooting,our whichtbeforeignerisbbltgedtocounteract.*IcannotupontbeinterviewatOoblentz,inwhichitsays;—"TbeSpringstreets,werebroughtbeforeJusticeQaackenbush.CompanyF,NationalGuard,ofBoston,attachedtethe Emperorhadcommissionedoneoftbehighestdignitaries Second regiment MassachusettsVolunteer Militia, under tbe f of State (the Vi-seroy of Poland, Prince Gortchakoff) toblamehimforit." And"thestrongerandmorecompact Italy becomes the greater will be the attraction it exer- cises upon Venice, for the moral world is subject to :a.vscordial relations which have existed betweenEnglandat theJefferson Market Police Court, yesterdayafter.and Prussia will continue to exist if the two countries docommand of Capt.John W. Hyde, will visit our city on the proceed to Vienna with an autograph letter, assuring analagous to those of tbe physical world, according to not mutually misunderstand their true Interests. These bills in their possession with intent to uiter theiruTs attendant In tbe Stephens trial, aad made an effort to and will be the guests or tbe Eighth regiment, Washing-Impeach two of the jurymen. ton Grays, Col GeorgeLyons. They will bring with them revolutionary spirit that threatened tbe established orderdinia only waits, then. for tbe gradual effect of her admin- lstration upon tie mind of Europe all most go right at last, and tbe inherent weakness of Rome and Venice asquired Increased firmness and extension by the confe-rence at Cobleatx, and by the ready exchange of viewsWilson aad Macdougal oa the previous eveaiag, bad been suspected for some time past, and aclose watcn was kept oa their movements accordingly. Armed with aregard to lighting up will commence during the present month, in the meantime, steps were being taken to re- pair damages.seriously alarmed at the progress of events IUItaly, wh;ca have gone further than he either wished or expected, and which he fears will ultimately serve to increase the pre ponderaitce of France; he dreads an attack of the Italians upon Venice, which, if supportea by Napoleon, wouldthrough the streeti were saluted wiih shouts of Down teration. with Mazziui :*' "Dawn with.CVispi !"P r n o n a l I n t e l l i g e n c e .Judge Milter and family, of Rochester; Judge H. E. lead to the final overthrow ol the Austrian empire, whichTbe Dictator bat published a proclamation, in which, afur announcing the approaching arrival of Victor Eman- uel, he says, "Let us be ready to receive tbe man whom Providence has sent us. There will be no more discord. Let Cnited Italy and King Victor Emanuel, the Galan- tuomo, be the perpetual sjmbols of our regeneration."A circular oi the Ministry, expressing the same feeling, has also been published.Flying columns had been despatched into tbe provinces of Sicily to eulorce payment of the Uses.NAPLES, Oct. 14, 13150. Tbe Pro Dictator and the Ministry remain In office. The decree convoking the popular assemblies in order to vote on the annexation of Naples to Piedmont still re-mains ;n force. Crlspl has been dismissed.Rous, Oct. 11, I860.General Guyon baa sent three regiments to reoccupy Viterbo and the patrimony of Si. Peter.Ijimonciere and (|enera! Schmidt are expected here.Beeddjevre has been appointed colonel. Cordova has been summoned te GaetaThe Pope hasIssued a proclamationorderlogania-quiry concernirg tut prisoners taken by the Sardinians,whom the Papal government accuses the latter of having case as one involving great difficulty. The prisoners were last evening three men, named David Bartiett, John Mat- plundered. Indicted for tbe high offence of piracy, which gave no thews aad George Hines, were arrested by detectivesTbe report is currant that Russia has sent considerable discretion to the court aod jury, or the executive. They Pool and Roach on a charge of being burglars The pri-England still looks upon as the comer stone in the fabricof European polity, and he is anxious, therefore, to form 'a coalition of the great Powers, by which alone such a catastrophe would be averted T o attain this object h e would be willing to make some concessions to Resets in tbe Oriental question, aud to drop his opposition to a re- vival of those clauses of the treaty of Paris which are most disagreeable to our government. This opinion, however, is not share! by other politic-tans, including, I siroth, of Philadelphia; S. M. Waller, Mrs. W. H. Stowetl believe, l*rlqce Alexander Gortchakotf, the Foreign Mi-Davies. ol" New York: Lieut, Wainwright. of toe United States Navy; 8. W. Brewer, of Boston, and G. Wood and wife, of Montreal, are stopping at tbeBrevoort House.LivsBPOOL, Wednesday, Oct. 17—3 P. M.Cotton firm. Sales to-day 16,000 bales, of which 5,000 West Broal way. On being conveyed to tbe police bet t -Cbpt. Palmer and wife, or Philadelphia; J . B . Danfortb, of liobbi' Ferry; Rev. 0 . E Shannon, of Connecticut, and 9snor F De Casus, of Cuba, are stopping at tbe Lnfarge Bouse.were on speculation aud for export. Breadstoils firm. Flour quiet. Provisions dull. Lard steady.TMe S l a v e I r a i U .CMTED 8TATR8 CIRCUIT COURT.Before Hon. Judge Neison.riURGES OF PIRACY AUD VOLrSTABJLY SSJtVUHi O.V BOARD A SLA VSR.quarters they gave their names as David Bartiett, a!.as Robertson, and John Mathews, alias George Hones, both well known and baring served a term in tbe Site prison. Tbey are also well known to have been in with Coliard, alias Jim Davis, another well known character, who was arrested not locg S'noe by detective Keefe. Tbe above parties were in company with another young m a n , named John Bryant, who was also locked up. Toeae men ha ye for some time oe*n lurking about tbe lower poriiouof the City, probeMy with tbe intent of makmg a haul. They will now, no doubt, be kept out of barm's way for some time.J. A. C. Gray, Central Park Commissioner; T . F . Lang-and family, W. C. Whittemaa, H. A. Foote, G. W. Powers nister himself, who tlnds the behavior of liord P;»!merstou aad in lsAO ran for Congress against George Briggs, and apd family, of New York; James Simons and wife, of Ge- very suspicious, and tblnks teat old fox must Auve somewaa oaoe more routed at tbe ballot box. In lSol he waa elected Commissioiter of Streets and t<amps, and re- signed tbe post at tbe expiration of two years, and in 1MTwaselectedamember oftheCommonCouncil,was Omlrm-n of the Finance Committee and one of the Com- mtatlosen of tbe Staking Fund. He next turned up as% •ember of tbe last Legislature, where be supportei the dty iHIroads and the West Washington Market bills in all their rarims stages. He alao voted against tbe Sun- day laws. Starting ia the world as a poor boy, be has •sea all sides of society.TheMoaartershavenominatedCrandailRich,amember af tbe urm of Rich k Marvin, iron safe maouracturers. Be is about fifty live, and w a s a t one time an Assistant Alderman, and has been mixed up ia one or two Hogging sJhire.tbemostnotedofwhichwasthatofCraighead,ia Westsbeeter county.Frank McDoaaough, tbe Breckinridge candidate, we be- have, w a builder b y trade, a a d h a s had a a Insight s t tbags at Albany, spaadtng a portion of the last sesaiou lobbylag for the I'aaafe Buildtaf act, which was finally get through after groat difficaity. B e la probably one of tea ssnalhttt men in stature of all the naawrous can- didate]fartheLegislature. Hehasbrownhair,brows- •*• complexion, aad ta a soft of fussy Individual, gene- rallyliked,sad withalayoaag maaofsometalent; s •ctive, mdnstnou aad indefatigable ia his political ma- •o-evras, aad will aa doubt snake soma headway among thepohturalfragmentsafthedistrict.Tbe Bell maa have nominated Lawrence R. Kerr, pre* Frtator of the Putaam House ia Fourth avaaae, opposite »*eHarlemdei«t. Besiatell,stoat builtperson,with fbod kddra?s, and bears a food mputetio*. Never bald **F office, aad is about forty years of age.by professton.njeva. and William Wbite aad party, of Kentucky *re underhand motive for promoting a political combination stopping at the Albemarle Hotel. which he baa so often endeavored to counteract His re- Dr. Stewart Kennedy, of the United States Navy;T. pose has long been disturbed by the good understaadtug that has lately existed between Russia and Franco. What wouldbemerecalculatedtointerruptthisunderstanding, or to convert it into hostility, thin a league betwoeu Russia and Austria f He Is known to bo a personalft lendof Napoleon; at present this connection is decidedly un popular tn England, where the French Emperor h is become an objec; of distrust to the whole nation. But what would be more likely to make it popularGale, or Memphis; W. G. Thorn, of Cincinnati; S P. Ker- shawandF.W.Reasor,ofPhiladelphia,andW.Chandler Sid wife, or Boston, are stepping at'the MetropolitanOCT 31— In the matier of Gordon, Warren and HaU, MasterandMatesoftheSlaverEric.—TheUnitedStates District Attorney called theAttention of the Court to thisgusnaors CHAEACTOSSARSRPTED—At aa early hourotel.Colonel H. N. Case, oi Springfield: Dr Williams, of Ten-nessee Mr. Wyntanand wife, of Baltimore; A. Haghesand W. H. Thomab and wife, ail of New Orleans; T. Scovitle and C. H. Wiiahan, botb of tbe British Army, are sgain, not only in England, but in alt Europe, stopping at the Fifth Avenue Hotel.gifts to the Pope.FRANCE.The London 7imet' Paris correspondent says;—At aCabinet council held a few days suioe at St. Cloud,at whichtheEmperoriresided,ItwasresolvedthatImpor-should either hang them, if guilty of the piracy, or dis- soners were ooeerved lurking around aome warehemee is cbarge tbem altogether; there was no power to commute. tbe Fifth ward, and the officers Wooding tbem u> be <>AITofessw Mitchell and family and C. Vlbbard, ail of A l-bany; James Hadges aad wife, of England; Dr. Wheelwrtghtand Lieutenant H.Wilton, both ofthe UnitedSUtes Navy; R. P Lardner, of Philadelphia, and George how would the veteran Premier hug himself to see Russia W. Warren, of Boston, were among the arrivals at the3ttant works should be immediately oommen'Wd to arrangements sold ijlieir slaves to another captain, who,Nicholas Hotel yesterday.General Harding, a wealthy gentleman residing near Nashville,Tenn,hisa park of800acres,inwhichare 8(0deer,30bcoaloesandahardofelk.once more exhausting her energies ia upholding a worn- out cause in the West, and thus dirabiug herself from Dursuine her natural mission in the East.>Jucharethereflectionstowhichtheapproachingcon fereacehasgivenrise,andwhich cause oargovernment to look forward to it with morn uneasiness than gratifica- tion To barter the alliance of France for that of Austria would be a sorry exchange, and Prince GortofiaJtoff, who has all along been tbe strenuous partisan of the former, isstrengthen the fortifications at Cherbourg and Algiers, and likewise that a number of steel easel frigates should be constructed on the model of the Gloria.ThegarrisonofM#jrseil!esisabouttobe reinforcedby twobattalionsacdttrosquadrons.A letter from Toulon announces that the commanders of the Tt-scartos and Colbert haJ recti vea orders to tain in provsiOLS acd Mores, and to prepare to sail at the first momentwith other seamen,iaaid to be Spaniards, then took the command, acd were said to be In command when captur ed, these three meu having nothing to do, hut were mere lvDassencers TbepointfortheCourtwaawbetherftheee parUeVwouldcoaa*f»*»P***>?«*8" ^ •B**«°/ » ce.vtng. which is the true charge, ttbat wouid the Court advise In sut* « course? If tbep were tnea and found, whleu to highly probable, cot guilty o*Mrs. John C Uiboun, relict of the distinguished Senatorfrom South Caiolina, has been for some time on a visit toher daughter, Mrs. Ciemson, near Biadensburg. Mrs.Calhoun is now siity eight years of age, with an eye nervously alive to the danger of his policy being scarcely dimmed by age, cheerful In conversation, audAccounts bad been received that the French fleet to piracy or if found guilty sucfl an outside pressure woald in West Forty second street, where McCoy badfora timerefers with pleasure to her many valued associations dur- ing lormer residences ta V.'aahingtoa and Georgetown.defeated by the personal leaning of his master to the leaitimist principles represented by Prussia and Austria. It is possible that a communication recently received from the Duke of Montebello will afford htm the means torecalled from Naples; be brought to bear npoo the IVosident as would oinpe PAWS, Oct. H , I860. him toperdon them;in either case they wouldigosoo',Tbe ifruiteur publishes the following, dated Constanti- free The other cohrae was tried In Boston very recently. nople, Oct. 12—General Beaufort de Hautpoul has milita- Mr JoacbiaUMen said the himanity of tbe District At rily occupied Deirel Kammar. After having established torney cannot be ton highly extolled, bat there were diffi-secreted himself.Tne Hersvld tm Ifaw .laraay.TO THK KMTOSOP THK IIJRALD. Whatisthedifficulty thatwecannotg<dyourpaperoc the Moxafa and Essex Railroad? Cannot you supply tbe QCBuutd, or does tbe leases of the privilege think toCapt. Hogb Nelson Page, a native and present residentof Portsmouth, T a., waa a midshipman under Capt. E l- eacai* from tbe dilemma in which he Is involved. Afterliot's eommacd, in Com,Perry's fleet, attbebattleof Lake Erie, and behaved with such gallantry that the La- gislatare of bis native State complimented him by the presentation of a magnifleeet sword.iaquiringtbeobjectofthe Warsaw meeting, andbeing assured that it had no hostile tendency against 1 ranee, but was only latended to consolidate tbe peace or Europe by an mtercbaage of courtesies between the great Powers,aprovisionalmunicipalityandinstalledtheChristiansin the bouses boltt by our soldiers, he advanced as far as Pjieb djemien, where h e arrived on September 30. Oa tbe same date Fnad Pasha arrived a t Garoun, in the val-cultieswhichmightarise. Astheircounsel betcouldnot make any arraagement until their trial, as it would be socmanry for them to onhr aome evidence in mitigation.In the town of Ludlow, Mies , there is living a soldier wbcae views were particularly desirable at a moment ef Napoleon, past eighty years of age, named George when doctrines were spread subversive of social orderBynes. Heenteredtbe Frencharmyin1796,thennot and tbestability of thieves, tbeFrench Ambassadorquite fifteen, aad continued a soldier until near the close hinted that in that case tbe general harmony would be of the Russian campaign. He was repeatedly wounded. greatly promoted by tbe presence of his own sovereign,He fought at AaaterTiU. Leipalc, Marengo and Borodino. who was equally interested in the mainteaanoe He waa present as a aavalry soldier at the terrible eroas- of order and stability. Prince Gortchakoff re-unite their corpsd'armis on Octo&er% axce with the recommendation of tbe District Attorney.Count Klsseieff hata conference yesterdaywithM. ItbelongstohisdepartmentandnottotheCourt,andtorTbouveene! and the Papal Nuncio, He took leave of tee it he must be held responsible. That is ail tbe Court can Emperor today in a private audience at &. Cloud, and »F-your valaabie sheet; but this morning, as often before, he enteredtbefirstcarwithoutacopy. Nothing bata Times or Triune, or possibly a World. That kiad of milk may do for babes, Bnt pray let aa have mere of yearoftbe bridge ofLodl-waswounded intheengage- i«tt aad three of h is brothers slain. He attended Ma-PAKS,OC1.1I,1S«0- The Monitewr says —The Papal Nuncio being about totbe governmentvery important information astowhointention to concert measures with htm for opposiog m eTbe republicans have nominated Jesse Foada, a brother as guests, Brigadier Gen. W. W. Bullock and staff, cf the of Europe. Tbe organ of our Minister of Foreiga Affairs isolations from Italy must end in their absorption. which then took place between the leadbig statesmen of search warrant, the officers proceeded to taw residence of Bat if Italy i s in a hurry she has tbe fate or tbe first N a - tbe prison era, a t No. 41 King Street, where tbey foundof Judge Fonda, of tbe Sixth Judicial district, and a law- First brigade, and Col. Oondin and staff, of the Second denies this statement in toto; Prince Michael Gortchakoff poleon and tbe Emperor Nicholas before her as« terrible the two countries, in view of tbe present great compli-yer. He la about thirty-five years of age, small man regiment. The celebrated Germania Band of Boston, un- bad merely passed through Vienna on his return to War- beacon, showing bow Impossible It Is for the greatest cations In tbe European political system. The more $4,000 tn counterfeit bills, mostly "tens" on Southern der tbe command of A. Hsinick aad C. Eichler, will ac Powers to succeed who mistake tbe pnblis opinion or Eu- and Western banks, two presses aad two plates, whfob dark hair aad whiskers, aad has a low, faint voice-i—ai company the corps. . saw from a German bath, and, far from being entrusted rope. Another reinforcement may be expected with satisfactory it Is to be enabled to state had evidently been in recent use. Some of tbe bills we-emost a whisper. Be never held aay office, and is much The Guard"will arrive by the Norwich and Worcester with a special minion to his Austrian Majesty, had not equal certainty fnm the growing evidence to the prlnci that there was a coincidence between the views finished and ready for tbe trade, while others were onlyline, a n d will b e received by a battalion consisting ofrespected where be is known. \ companies F , Capt. Buck, and H, Capt. Gregory, with tbe even seen him, and only spent a few hours in his capital.mbert Roberteon has received the nomination of the Eighth Engineer corps, Sergt. Turnbull, and tbe How- The same correspondent had asserted that Count Tole, anthirty four years of age, tall, dark complexion, heavy will reader a salute on their arrival. They will be es- Vienna for the purpose of formally inviting Francis Joseph an illustrious writer in a lucid interva* has proved to tbe good understan ling of Prussia with her Eastern neigh- committed tbe prisoners for examination.pie of bank books, which showed that the prisoners were Bell and Everett party in tbe district. He is a man abou itzer corps, under the command of Capt. Varian. which aide-de-camp of the Emperor's, bad been despatched to tbe most impissbmed holders of Catholic ideas, and which cludes.—"While the Warsaw interriew ia « pT3ot of the depositors to tbe amount of over 83.060- The magistratebeard, a machinist by trade, aad works ta Tan Pelt's saw mill; was a candidate for Assessor a few years ago, bat baa never held any political offios that we are aware atto meet Alexander a t Warsaw; tbis also is contradicted by tbe Journal de St. Petersburg, which professes to be quite ignorant of the motives of Count Tole, who at anyOn these two appeals, then—to the public opinion of Europe and the harmony of religion and freedom—Count Cavonr rests the ultimate accomplishment of completebors, the happy results of the Interriew at Coblentz prove that Prussia understands how to cultivate the highly important interests by which she is bound to England."FRANCE.Axonir.K ARRISI OF Cot xTxarsiTSSs —A descent wa< made on a house in Sullivan street by Captain Walling, o the detective police, assisted by several officers, tea evening, where tbey found upwards of $2,500 in counter- feit bills of various descriptions, with a nnmoer of tools need for counterfeiting purposes. Two men, named Sa-VUTERNTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.Tbiadistrict takes in allthat portion of tbe city lying noon. Monday they will be in charge of company E,groundwell,andspeakslikeaphysicianwhokntwshis muelandAndrewRoberts,whowerefoundintbebouse, case. He is certain of tne principles to which he appeals; the departure of additional troops for Borne bas been sus- were arrested and taken before Justice Quackenbush, whobe has marked them out with clearness and precision, pended. Tbs second division of the Army of Lyons has committed them to answer.between Twenty-sixth a a d Fortieth streets, extendingCapt. Frazer, and will visit the High Bridge and tbe in-mislead public opinion, and to raise hopes or apprehen- sions which are quite unwarranted by the real facts."from tbe Sixth avenue to the East river, and was re- stitutions on Randall's and Blackwell's islands, by per.corted t o t h e Astor House t o breakfast, and thence t otbe Eighth regiment headuarters, where they will qnar-ter auring their stay. The afternoon of their arrival theywtll be reviewed In the Pane by his Honor the Mayor andthe Common Council, aad to tbe evening will attend thetheatre. Sunday, company C, Capt. Burger, will have rate had only visited Vienna as a private traveller. " It Italian unity, and in tbe meantime a balanced and modi- charge of the guests, escorting them to thurch la th e is to be regretted," adds tbe Journal, "that such errone- fled state of things must content th e patriot It is a morning, and to ruminate through the eity in the after-than the revival of the Holy Alliance, aad the spectacle of the three despotic Powers—as Russia, Prussia and Aus- tria are still called—uniting against the champion of op- pressed nationalities* Andif a warshould breakoutIt would appear that the negro slaves were brought on board the slave ship m launches owned by and <wmmand- ed by negro master*, who claimed to own property ia theirowu fellowcitiaens- Thenegro masters by someoffenders, acting on tbs oid adage that "an ounce of pr< vent ion is worth a pound of cure.'- arrested tbem in order to keep tbem imt of the way of temptation. Toe p••» v. - en werelockeJupattbecentraloffice,taBroomestreet.Suzras or BrncuRi' bATLijcJf>T:i —Two men, named Garr^ghty and McCoy, well known burglars, were sec - tescod in Troy test week to twenty years imprisonment. Garragbty wastakentoSingSing,batMcCoyescaped whileonthewaythither. Hefledtothiseity,andwas pursued b y Sergeant Dtxon and officer 8 owey. of tUe de- tective police, but be managed to «i^e tae officers. The officers, however, found a lot of burglars' tools in a housewasinvited, or,topie that religion and freedom a r e quite compatible—in. deed, that '-freedom ia highly favorable to tbe spread of true religious feeling—a troth which i s acknowledged b yand opinions o f England a n d Prussia o n the great and important questions of tbe day." The artIsle thus con-half finished—lacking the signatures o f the officers of tnesatisfaction of us all."LOHDOJT, O ct 17,1860. ous intelligence should be propagated, which servesto clear, compact view of Italian policy. He has felt his TheLondon Herald's Paris correspondent states thathis request was acceded to at all, though to refuse it attended, which Oris>i and Cattaneo, the pro Dictator and the river at an early bour this morningtrial. Tbe magistrate was of optnion that the ev.dence was Insufficient, and therefore felt compelled to dismiss tbe complaint. The prisoner was thereupon discharged, but immediately a terwards he was rearrested on a civilhis secretary tendered their resignationi.would bare been an affront such as has rarely Mezztnl having refused to leave Naples, the Pro-Dicta- beeu offered to a crowned head, especially as it was tor prohibited political clubs and meetings, The Pro-ARRIVAL OF THK EDINBURGH Qiimwurows, Otet. 17,1860.zeabusiy backed by Prussia, and, strange to tell, even by Dictator baB also forbidden Louis Blanc to open national g>Tbe steamship Edlnburg, from New York), arrived here writ and lodged in Kid ridge street jail. Ramos' bail inTbey leave Hartford on Friday for Providence, remainingthere until Saturday, and departing thence for home.The Guard numbers sixty members, three officers, tenguests,andtwentylivemembers intheband. Theyare thcroutofcomplaisance forherMajestyorforpolltilalequipped in gray,similar te tbe Eighth of onr city, and reasons of bis own. Lord Palmerston gave the Russian ade of Gaels and Messina decreed by Garibaldi, areaportionofoneofthebest regimentsinMassachu- EnvoyInLondon(BaronBrunow) tdunderstandthatansetts. They will be In excellent hands, as the Eighth re- approximation between the two empires would be viewedgiment cannot be excelled for attention and kindness.Brooklyn City Mews.; TUB C:T;ZI5S" Gas LI&HT COSUMSY—The inhabitants ofSouth Brooklyn will no doubt be glad to learn that thefbll of the roof of the retort house will not materiallydelay tbe manufacture of gas and the supply of custom-ers with that necessary material. Active operations in terpretations Accoruing to some, the British Premier ismissed. AdmiralL.Barbterhasrefusedtorecognisetheblock-THK LATB8T2MARKET8. LoxnoN,Oct.:17,3PM-TheFrenchmailsteamerProtashasbeenseized. Advices from Gaeta state that the young Princeshad again left for Capua, and that orders had been given forContois for money are at Q-1%a 9i%, aud for account at92%a93.by the British government not oniy without jealousy butwith unfeigned satisfaction. Consider;u< that a recon- a renewal of the general attack against the Garibaldtans. brings Monday's prices. Business In foreign is limfted, East Broadway, writes to us and says that tne chargeciliation between Austria and Russia would involve th e NAFIKS (via Marseilles), Oct. 13,18«0.abandonmentbytheformerofthepolicywhicn she has Yesterday,inconsequenceoftheresignationstendered butlatelatesarefullysupported. SpringcornIssteady preferredagainsthimisgroundless,aodthattbe:roeecupursued in the East since the Crimean war, aad wnich is by the Pro Dictafejr Paliavlcini and his Minister, tbe at Monday's prices. The weather is fine. tion is a malicious one on the pan of the complainant. so favorable to British interests, it is not to be wondered National Guard wait to Garibaldi and represented to him He lee's sanguine that waen the matter comes to trial he at that the attitude assumed by the Cabinet of that dlstur'oanceR were imminent. The Dictator orderel Sugar—Prices are sustained, although business is only will be able to prove his entire innocence, acd s onlySt. James should have caused some perplexity in them to fire on any person shouting in favor of a moderate.acxioss that tbe case may be disposed of at as tarly a day as possible.ARRB*T or aLLBQsn BttGuiRs.—yesterday afiernooo, about fire o'clock, as detectives Poole and Roach were passing down Church street, tbey observed three coted indr.:duali hanging about the neighborhood of Franklin street. Tbey kept watch of their movements for a long time, during which they were observed hanging about certain buildings in the aboveneighborhood. Affair some time the officers thought they would arrest Utem, and ttey were ail captured in front of the Fifth Ward Hotel,our diplomatic circles, and aave given rise to various In-republic. Tbe patrols which were afterwards sent Coffee—Transactions are few, but rates arc without al- ,;S ? J ? » i f * ^btete has the right to prohibit urn hunting of foreignTbe oocnaementof the Empress, which has basnex- four marks rose from 69f. 26;. per sack to 63f. Wheat "aaap apple Night." Today la known amongst oertanpected eves* day for tbe last two weeks, has been delay- ed till now, as if on purpose to give time for tbese negotia- tionstoproased. IkarnfromOr.Oblornieffssy,however, that her delivery will take plaoe ia a dly or two, and as soon s s she at a Itttla recovered t h e Emperor will start lor Vilsa by the new rail «ay, which is cow completed, aad from whence he will continue his route to Warsaw.THE ITALIAN SEW?.Tne KiTeet; off Connt Cnwoavr'a Speech— Vletor Emanati svnel Binpolaon—Manl> nis Postiton[From tbe London Times, Oct. 16 I i m * * • •!Christian denominations a s " A ll Batata Day," and to•orrow a s "All bonis Day " B y Catholics these t w oareheldhigreatrespect OaAflSaintsDayittomarv to invoke the prayers of the mints teia cost• oa behatf of tbe sinners here below, and to- morrow aide rotedto tea teak af praying for the repose of souls expiating their peccadilloes in purgatory.FATAL Acanaa* so a SCHOOL GULL.-Coroner Bobbmer held an Inquest yesterday, at No. 68 avenue B, upon t t e body of a girl about seven years of age, named Aatoieeue Rohrey, who was ki <ed by falling down a night of stairs at publicschool No 6,htFourthstreet. Itwaspatsupposed thatdeceasedwassertoosly injuredattrat,batinaa hourorsoafter receivingtbefallsymptomsofafatalna- ture began te develope themselves, which resulted ia death. Tbe jury la the case rendered a verdict of ••Ac :i- dental death."SPORTATTHSBArntRT-^teoonxa orAMADBri.i.—A train, conveying tbe Emperor of Russia, has arrivedhere amid tbe greatest enthusiasm on the part of the po- morning by a bnll which bad gone eraxy. Altbocgh pro-% Victor Emanuel will a few days hence, ir t h e fates are not very adverse, bold tbe Kingdom of Italy by the same title by which Napoleon III. holds the Empire of France.*[from the London Times, Oct. 17.] ThespeecbofCountCavoorintheSardinianChambers will more than fix the attention of Europe—it will act as_ _BORNEO.AIJBUHDJUA, Oct 7, 1880.statesthat Immediately upon t h e Queen'sM , 1860. ThereportthattheCounciloftheEmpirebadbeanconpulation. The Emperor expressed manager of tbe railway.his satisfaction te t h eMessrs. Kingsford &lAy's circular ssys English wheatTea—Stlffer terms are paid and there are many opera tions.Rice Is fully as dear, with a large business. Saltpetre is wanted; prices are stlff«r. Tallow is very firm and business large.fba Court said he couid not advise any course for whichley of Bekaa. The tw o commanders-in chief were to be might be held responsible, bnt wooid act la accord tbe newsboy claims to start With a geod supply ofwill set out this evening for Warsaw The Count is ac- companied by the Russian Minister at Turin.ceived this intimation with the nta«W ala-crity, and promised to impart it to th e Emperor, whono doubt would be happy to welcome Nspoleon III at proceed to Rome on leave for several weeks, was received for the coast of Africa. The Erie was bu u in MaineFrench Confelonious assault; Jacob Dickenson and Jan. I/oitus for attempting to create a mutiny and st Ancont, containing the assu- revolt on board ship.i The prisoner« pleaded not gui'ty,effccUve fcrce of tbe French la William street, ia tbe vfemlty of iTbe rebels attacked tbe city yesterday, but were re-pulsed with a-tillery. Tbey bad posted upaproclama to go off, and the boys laugh and shout derisively. Taobead and smelltnf tbe ground. At length be stops, .o'.aa around him and finally lies down He soon rises up again, bo*ever, ana stares steadily at tbe crowd. Another snob is fired—off he starts again for a short distance, but final- lyconcludestoliedownasbefore. Forwardstepstbe rifleman, takes steady aim, aod the bull, receiving the bulletIntbehead,expiresonthespot. Thelargeassem- blage then disperse, many critical remarks being made upontheest*neeofrifleshooting,ofwhichsuchsplendid examples had been given by the policeman.Police Intelligence. TBSRTXDKXSCABSPOSTFONSD—TbeexaminationinthecaseofMarrbalBynders,whoischargedwithhavingas- saulted William Barney a few days ago, waa postponed yesterdayantilThursday,Nov.8.Tbedefendantwasn court, sttended by his counsel, James T Brady, and ex- pressedbfmselfready fortrial. Tbecomplainantwas npresented by bis father, Wm. Barney, Br , who asked for a delay of an bour in order that Mr. Wm. C Noyes might have an opportunity of appearing ia court Mr. Noycs, it appears, was engaged in arguing a railroad case in one of tbe Civil courts, and could not possibly attend before four o'clock. Justice Welsh intimated that be would be unwilling to go on with the examinationshould be adjourned over tor the day. Some MADRID, Oat. 17,1890. one then suggested that it would be belter to On the arrival of tbe Queen at Madrid to-day, a young adjourn tbe case until after the election, and, all par- ties being willing, tbe magistrate postponed the hearingGreat agitation and discontent prevail.The District Attorney said that these persons' could five meat for UNION MEN.TCBSDAV,Oct.M,I860.I l p r t m * Cowrt—Cttaoauere. Before Boa. Judge Leonard.were tbe parties in this city who fitted these vessels outnoon, on charge of having a quantity of counterfeit irespective banks, Ac. Besides the spurious money, tbepolice seized upon a quantity of genuine bills and a jou-cram tbe travelling public with black republican shooter' • > " >»and at weP p»«ted in regard to the Fashion and other I COa/Sta. Should he be eteetad. ha could h* reliedyniskiwith tbirty five others left tbe servMe, and anally arnv wi in tola emintrr.journey.It is not probaole that Prince Gortobakoff wwThomllhtf* ,1«li^» fit ari tr.miL.M.rl ,n *»« -. * .-13069www.fultonhistory.comsuas 3F0u9ltSonouNthew4tYhoSrtkreetM. Tr 