 1complaints sound verymuch likeanamplification icalexecution,itisoneofthebeetperformancesofthe ftrstattemptedmodelling.'. famous Riverside press, showing equal accuracy andof Nero's dying exclan ati^n : ' " Qualis artifcx beauty. A full summary of contents is appended -to was on duty as a Nation*toadds the following note:^ "Thus does Bansen it with t e brief remark: " I eend 5on, my dear the subject of slavery prevails there. But the Kapp ia announced by Messrs. Kudd aud Carletoa. personal charges have, been brought ^againstVJC'ing a* the prirata correspondence of Afcxaader voneverything that has ever.cxisted or happened to a 'time when, under pretense of free labor, France on sition. The critkawns on the wxitings of jSchUleT aes both acute aDd profound,-and furnish an excoUsots to consist in this, that iw cara little or this system to geographical facts, Hegel had taught the African slave-trade in the most infamous man- gnWe in the stndy of these master^pioces! of OsrmanIporcelain batten by any other name than his proposed to the King to purchase California, to those 1leologians, who, following the ways of Scarcely a year before his death he received a letter oou|d he conquer his kindness sufficiently to' re- 'official title. T o oe told by Humboldt that the send missionaries tnither," <fcc. In 1854, he Schleie itnacher, profess to believe in all forms of the from Nebraska in which the grave question was pro- buke these sycophants as strongly as they deserved. King never spoke of his Cabinet Minister, M. Von ridicule* Bui' sen's partiality for the High Church, Chiisti; |n myth, and are pc mpously followed to the pounded to him where the swallows stay during the From the letters of Balzac, Victor Hugo, and JSaumer, otherwivo than as a jackass (RjpdvUh) and adds: "Besides, I am very much afniid in re- grave iy royal carriages, while they slyly substi- "Winter season. Varnhagen, to whom ho showed Jules Janin, introduced into the Humboldt cor- must be anything but agreeable to that gentlemao, gard to Bnnsen'a literary fame, which is endangered tute a iBO-ualled philofoplical explanation to all 'the letter, asked him whether that was not a ques- respondence, the fact appears that these literati those i$yths. What I dielike in Strauss is the tion as yet undecided. "Of course it is," H. an- showed much less of common civility to the venerdble'•the same author^ " Dictionary of Arte, Manufactures,and Mines," recently' produced in a reviaed nam.enlarged form, by them. ,The prrtparation of! the edi-tion is intrusted to Mr. Henry Watte, editor, of ibm | production. It wid oe-a: o: " Journalolfche Chemical Society." Dr. Ure's Chemi- sad the art through which fc•^>'confided all those letters which it was his desire to have .preserved."Tfce motive* of Miss AssiDg' having been assailed . in some, of the German journals, she ha* vigor- ouslymaintainedht-rposition,andadd-dthewas something entirely ioreign to him, complains of his ministers' want of respectful attention because of their devotion to that rascally Stated" e t caaeng persons poeseeeiiig txquisi-ely as he did.. Ti JLrna adherent of the exile* preeeryed his iadepenutju/its readers as tttm original tuts produced among Mian ilinister of State, Noroff, having come tothe Germans. Still, ere* dBdnatiag all that hat I Berlin, and expressed his astonishment .at "the spitter MograpkUen gedichtct). Many years ago coHV6V7Dg.tbe true effect of the "storied walls" ef the%'mdtgmatitptt, mUUeuz, that detpofcsm which' appliestheono-xnanpower. Todeepenyocrdetestationof ,It.seemsthatHumboldtneverletslip an HumboW^mentionsanarticleofthe"Westminster pfohedtraveler,whohasfourtimessurveyedthe ofLavoisier,whofir*tused!thebalanceininvestigat- siteside,andfairlysettlethewholequestion.-even debasement which threatens to spread like the opportunity to castigate ithe, hypocritical cant Review/ which makes rather light of the "Kos- overland route to California, and to whom we are ing ehemical pheiaomena, tie progrowi of the science —Mr. Luke Buike, I editor of the \ Ethnologic*.*.. 4JW-YORK DAH,Y TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, MAY 5, $86©.rou$. have solved ^ ^ ^ | p j ^ | | | r j ^ ^ eo^alled ^ ideal philosophy" of ;Hogel .-ot^yfbB) :,Floyd; " who,!' he adds, " for a wonder has set. are horses, which a jndlciona owner, oa fit, w m _ ^•••tions of his father " (Charles Augustus, the greatHeecenas of Goethe and SchHior), and whose puerileprejudices against all scholars who axe not also noble-men, are shown up in the most ridiculous light Louia a few lines into his diary. The learned ChevalierAt the time this note wijis written, Humboldt was pereeiviDgthat, unfortunately, freedom in Amerioa in his seventy-fourth yeat IART IN' IVA.••.•<one moment, but a painted window-pane, somewere made to. convert him. Thus a man named stiff and pedantic letter of Prince Albert," whom August Grau, in Montgomei7 County, Ohio, wrote he says, "has had the politeness,not to thank me«RJKZWT- PUBLICATIONS.LETTERS TO V&R!SrHAGE8r tion in the most nnmiat ik*oie manneri Not e*e'iJWB8-4.. S)Sgmm •* '•••. ,the presence of the Jdpgprevented him from ridi- . iMtwMB VOH ALEXANDER. ' V O g HTWBOLt>T A N culing or censuring the idolatrous sham piety of the.^ V 4 K N H A O R * V 0 * i XN8K, AITS DKH JAHRJCK 1837 Gerlachs and Stable, the ooufidential advisers of the BIS J**S:" N n t r Armn*«»s< AU» VAR.TH*OKXH TAW K-XCXCHKHJI O D B m * m TOS VAIUC HAUXST U»D AXDKUX king on aU church matters. They took revenge iX HimBOtDT.have''against me"because of my friendship for Fre- mont.!' The met is, that^ the articles published in some of our Democratic papers during the cam- paign of 1856, and containing, the vilest'abuse of Humboldt on account of his sympathies with the Republican party had been extensively republishedv VOffEtfSE. •Since tne utue wDen the two greatest Gorman*poet*, Gcethe and Schillei', burled their literarytorpedoes among a paolio which, in the midst' O f tottering thrones audi shattered empires hadno eye* nor ear* but for the progress of beliea-by decryiog nim as a ••Jacobin, who carrws the tri- color in his pocket," or by vague and dark insinua- tions against his character; but Ms position was such, that >t was'mpossibl'* to drive him away. The following note occurs in' Varnhajron's diary, under date oi Jan. 29, 1852: "To-day Humboldt came to* Many of the bubbles wd.1 be bu^r, beforewill have diplomatically calculated their perish-foTms," Jan 13. 1856, he meationS to Varn-n an article of a German paper published inCali-a, "which I receive occasionally from thehost ofpniaa tavern in San Francisco (quite filthy, they fit to demonstrate." . This is' aimed direotly atlettree, fioc -tenoneata,and abstract problems ofmetaphysics, no publication in Germany baa ever see me. Remarkably active considering his age. IsLivingstone's researches I take a lively interest, prin- To a t rea« extent, it is free from ttie eessttrSBss and cipally on account of his views on the capacities of harshnesses of style, which have mace the later writ-the negro race. These come very opportune at a ings of Carlyle reptsUire to maay rs*ders,sn4nrs- sents an admirable modsl of EnglUh narrj^T* osstte.. crea 5ed so da«p a sensation, or rouaed «p mach feel- highly incensed at tbeFrench coup d'etat, the bloodybearing my Dame."' The writer ef that article Hegel, whoso entire system consists in reducingviolence, the arbitrary banishments, the robbery of Humboldt and Varohagea vost Ease, lately pub- the Orleans property. The king was at first jubi-lished by the tpinte4ane genial niece of the latter. lant over the news. To him and his courtiers the Ke Roaii amount of moral courage was requisite crime committed against the nation, the representa-.forthispublication.MUMLudinillaA**ingT be-tivesofthepeople,againstlawandthemostsacredboasted that " w e Germans are a nation of/rs, and our superiority over other nations stage in the development of " tbe idea " Applying the one hand and America on the other favoroaths, was hot at all objectionable; but the fact that cfthodeadlyenmitysuawasbuttoocertaintoen- theadventurerintendstoretainuniversalsuffrage, counter. She knew that hundreds of influential is courtirg the people; playing at socialism, andperseus, some ef them belonging to the highest grasping at the imperial crows, is to them moatti' lb*© Ton4«rin*; upon thi« boM step, waa well aware^*is the way in whioh Germans awert 'superiorityonthecoastofthePanucunpalatable." -When the king, under the regima * these revelation*. Yet she never hesitated to of the Mantenffel C tbinet, had completely settled fulfill what the oonaidsred as a duty to the pub- down into a childish, almost idiotic stubbornness.lic, aad even in a grt>ater degree to the departed, Humboldt remarks ef him (Sept. 9, 1853): "The " i t was Humboldt s express desire," she says, king hates and despises all his ministers, especially««tka*theselessorsshouldbepublished afterhis Hauxner,ofwhomheapeaksasofadonkey. Even when they oppo«e his wishes, his want of energy is* death. For • nowhere haa he expressed his leu- such as to render him subject to their will. Some-i Tanks of eeowty", would be stung to the quick by. tunenis in a bolder and more straight-forwardmanner than in bis commaoioations to his old king, and, with an impotent irony, "relieves himselfdistinguished parsonages inserted into this volume,there are several of more than common interest.Prince Metternicb, in his letters to Humooidt, girenhere, appears in a much m::re favorable light thanhe did in his career as a statesman - In one of his reflection; but they are more spontaneous in their eoTrvictions he added a sre' and well-tried friend Yaxuhagea—than whom heloved or esteemed no ona mora deeply. To him he again he whines over the rascally 'State,' at if itTherelationinwhichHumboldtstoodtoward,his most iodJ#put**,ie ~ridence th*t Humboldt and JoC'UrtJy tnrroundings, is well characterized by him1aremerelysecondsiuthegranimarchoftbe "materialist."Ijle's attention. The present edition can;j scarcely becommended in too high terms. In point oi{ typograph- tbe gifted Princess Marie,'Varnhagen d**ircd~t>> h%ro tcia correspondence pub- in a letter of Jan. 28, 1856, in which he styles him- lished immediate!) afrer toeir *<?*f.n. They wisued self "a wild man of the woods (Waldmensck)^ to leave a clear record of their real sendeeonta by whom they fancy to have tamed at the courts of proving that in spit* of their near reUtioaa royalty." Those clear eyes with which he had with • the governing- ci*s*e» they ? had al- spitd out the innermost secrets of nature were not ways befriended t&e popular cause, tie to be dimmed by royal splendor or by the fames of cause o! freedom an* bixmaairy. Of th <* thair inrense with whioh the monkish knights of the5re and there, some little downward inflex- dit is uncomfortable to live in such;a'period.rary descent."and lived in a meutjsJi atmosphere, where the idea of positive religion had long since ceased to be con- sidered as inseparable from the idea of moralityhad thrust him .jinto politics. Altogether, theseconfidential.letters contain ample proof, and not ofRadowitz stamp enveloped the Court of Sanssouci. I* ii eonveTsation he had with Yamhagen, Aug. 11, 1855, "he d«neunced Gen Radowitz as a lay Jes-I touched upon by his adm'rers in tais coun- JEugland. Yet it seems somewhat puerile to jUatiera on this feubject, as, sooner or later,t.y will establish the facts in regard to it. It woul3!|bot t e a difficult undertaking tb envelop the opinifjtjs of Humboldt in a-poetacal vapor, after theof Faust: " Who dares to name him, who 68him,toRay: Ibelieve? Wnodaresto do not believe ? The All-embracing, thetainicg, does He not embrace -you, me, ?" etc But then, Humboldt himself plainly s any such misty speculation. " A Christianpereo." Letters of tne late King Christian VfLL each volume, and in the last volume a copious and ex- of Denmark, of the Grand Dukes of Tuscany and act index furnishes an invaluable key to the whole be an immoral man at the same ^tiwio. That belief Saxe-Weimar, of the Duchess of Orleans, of series. The edition is embelliehed with a portrait ef did not and does not exist in the society in which. Prince Albert, all go to show, by their Carl>le from an original painting, which presents as Humboldt lived. In afl his dcings he mig^J; well deeply re&peotful tone, what a degree of esteem dark and sinister a physiognomy as could be ascribede»ry.be called a Christian; in his faith he. was not,, nor did hepietendtobe. <Humboldt enjoyed even among wearers of crowns."Prince Albeit is made to appear in a somewhat lu-dicrous light in one ef H.'s letters On Februaryto the great destroyer of shams by their bitterest ad-judgment in literary matiers unreservedly to thatto him,.in February, 1852, entreating him to be-••vocates.•:'"' <.'•»1 r.Uumboidfs goodness of heart, his independ-ence of thought and iangmage in hi$. frsquent uit, calltso bun St. Ignatius, and sneered at him un-intercourse with monarch*, his geniality, good mercifully. A» to the King," he added, " thegrea; humor,andwit,tiamvdWyiusubjectinghisovo dtetiuicsoilT.alydonotengagebisattentionfor; This fact being known to many, several attempts 21,1847, H. communicates to his friend a "rather I'liO Life of Fzledrich Bcldller. By Thomms Ouijlo. lUqo. pp.of his friend, apoear u a striking ligbt oa almost flourish on an old monument, a outious family every page of this remarkable little book. Bat name, or ether trifles of the eor*, deeply interestthere is also no want of expression of deep iodig and amuse him. T o satisfy this puerile tastefor having, at his own wis?), left a cupy of the Kos-nation at the folly or baeeaees of the rulers offor tomfooleries, Radowitz is the right sortism bayfdvupon philosophical interpretation, late King of Sweden), who—so Mr. Grau asserts— Eagle, conferred upon him by the King,) has madeEurope, and no mercy U shown to imbecility or of a man. The 'same holds true of Bunsen, enm*cladinpurple. withwhomtheKingisinregularcorrespondenceThe correspondence ooaaistiag almost exclu- about "al sorts of abstruse theological curiosities." sively of smaM and detactied notes, which oc- "What a misfortune," Humboldt added, "tobeler the straiteat of all strait-jackets," he re-jnaletterofMarch18,,1840. Thefactisicuboldt, like a greats many other naturalhim a iittln more polite. In bis letter be makes me Manual of Ooolo^y. by TfboiM-ser Emmoas. Seised EdfUoo. sro. pp.2i*7. A.d.BanifHU.Burr.\ casionally passed between two intimate friends, obliged to live .with such miserable dunces as who had almost daily opportunities of seeing Gerlach, Raumer, and others, who have feath-)hers, coud not perceive God as distinctuniverse. The " universe," the " Koa- in tending this letter to Varnhogen, says: " Place plenty of terraces. * On page 159 I had used the —Mi. Ju&yard " whose researches and veries —A eollection of the Lenone another, canno* be expected to contain any-thing like elaborate opinion on matters of public AmoDg tb* tomfooleries which at one time xaterett. In/act, witusoaTcely any exception, they engaged the interest of the oourt, Humboldt contain metm apfconams, detached ideas, brief re- mentions the table-moving mania. July 10,1854,.marks,hnaoorous,earoasbeal,seatimettal,orphi--hewrites:"Idonotbegintohavean losephiciL In many caaea the letters are BO meager idea of the »spiritualization (Begeistigung) of that they would ee*ic-lj be intelligibJe without the pine wood at the king's table, where everybody: erief explanations addei by Yamhagen. In other religiously believes in it." . He smiles at the empty eases tne.allosions are well understood by those vanity of the aristocracy on occasion of a grand 11familiar with all the details of:. the literary and distribution of orders "pour U m6ritc." "See petttical life of Germany, -hut ^are without any how porcelain buttons, peacock feathers, and rib- to othera. Hence, it \ is impossible that bons, excite the passions of these manikins!" Hum- translation, destitute of explanatory notes, boldt .himself had, during his long career, received aJksutt be able to orodoce taesame icorpression upon orders by the peck, but never wore them. A Rus-c:>n»inced of the salvation of Bernadotte, tells me, fame in the Mounds of Assyria," (in the words of The.agfs, Humboldt turned away "» *8Sttlt» a ? d o aaside all political animosities he may be supposed to them, might prefer to adjust by'at'sues sheesvWJ 'ftespoidence « theietters—IA" to Oeteber, 1793, to March earttaorflinary irambero and twenry-fiyo lettera. mi terse and vigorous wrastively employ sd, and f ler die present t mes.-^-A private r« print of which to much is lately « The edition fe strictly eecb» His printed frow ibele»|dBg to the Librai Bdward Liverm i>re, es^j hut by theif-union'they.?Y>nmti*vpj preserved U lewged to Vr. ThensasJBngrand, and is now ii|CUnceh. -^Mrs.^reerge.lCooreagjtdefasroeterfailstom* as *>%ht be expected, ind $# subject which he has. fbmrm is a general Jeeh' mvxrrd en this charge a#*imany occasions showed hi^ .contempt aud indigna-N<>C<:mr/oh, but atill far leas than I hoped to "The state of the world,V he writes six later (July 2,1850). *<is like to the water- whioh D'Alembeit shook in order,to produce^nature* philosophy" of Schelliog. In regard to the/iToimer, he epeahs baruhly of that singular, idio- syncrasy which persists in putting all real facts and things upon, the rack of a preconceived aud arbitrary metaphysical system. His antagonism to Hi'gel is repcatediy expressed in the correspond-reaiuS-attentivcly the historical essays of Hegel, in Germany.. Perhaps it was quite natural forHumboldt to conclude from the tenor of thesearticles that even the members of our Democraticthrough the beadj butln the esse of boo^s, e w W ^ J the pirate-»pecUs,"mat is not possible.],Ee^^^et*. for*, thai at least dirty paper, and errorsjof \he pr** be guarded against, that a poos book,-which hat *&B tb walk this worid, de walky in clean jlum, so te speak, and pass its few and evil days with no WeteW but its own adhering te it." But a^ that tiune, no mors than at the present, was any apology'--nsS#J fa ^ resppearance of a volnoae, which In spite of new infoT- SDationin regard to Schiller and the abl«|treat<aeBt ef the Hibj*ct bv freeh bands, must long reqjuun a sbire.times he likes to play the part of a constitutionalam] e hopeful, view of the prospects of humnnline: y. . Speaking of the death of Leopold vonat words and high-sounding phrases, as booties* as laborious. From a religious point of view,of all moral responsibility iu matters of opinion;Humboldtg.ve I to me i c estcommt cela que'j* serai dimanclie: rialist philosopher, or, perhaps, an atheist.ered their nests at this court." .and the teachings of revealed religion in re- chological curiosities. This man,/who is so deeply paring the starless spots on, the sky t%the open less successful than those to which he first owed hismediation between God and man, he con-5cted to the bold criticisms of Bruno Bauer my hear ", as he did in Goethe's, the pious Kant's, SB a gift of honor I purchased two years ago. It frescoes of Pinturicchio in the Church of St. MariaatthegieatpainsBauert&keatoproveandWieland's."AtanothertimeasimilarwouldhavebeenmoredelicatetopresentmewithaMaggiore,&iSpello,intheApennines;largechreme- him (Humboldt) seems a telf-evident attempt was made by an inmate of a young pplendid edition of Byron's works. Then it is rather lithic plates of which have also been issued to the mem-lisn, and tiie cemmunicatio toward its completion is re« Kendelssohn, a leading Lai—The ILibiaryJand ,G Kartfiitter,ofB*rlin;arei the most costly and'numeroibj of gi thediflVrently-shaped bubblesh j drauiic science of which himself vpas soThen,rated an.expounier, ^e wdd: ^au-tdtzmoi ence with Yarnhagen. In 1837 he wrote: " I shallx1789, and sympathized with tue sentiments 'at that time pervaded mankind. But cen-term "lealist" would seem more appropriate to views entertained by Humboldt than that ofpiaining that the longings of his heart had neverthe author, and ofun opening a noblervein of thoa^htridi;•no sue desirous of retaining a correct impression of undeceive the one-legged Raumor [Noroff having samein idlofthem, and generallyvery pure; ageolog- advantage upon the oth«r, etc., etc. P . S.—M. unhappily the Poles de«erve our. sympathies just as amid desolat.on and approaching ruin by the Artpfli- tfce character of flumboidt should be unacquainted lost one limb at the battle of Borodino.] Thus ieal chi jiera(r^»e geolopque), and a myth or a little Gottfried H., merchant at Berlin, can give you little as tbe Irish.' MUd dixit! But what of that ? grim.oniy a local or pereoaal or tranaient interest, { abtence of the police from the University," Hum-; I wrot :IAll positive religions consist of three dis- nature, I would like some time or other to confer had with him at Stolzenfela. There he said to me: old Umbrian and Tuscan Churches, where theneglect-many passages of the book appear somewhat shock- seemed to look upon him as a sort ofing, especially in a country where it is the most theological Quixote. April 1, 1844, he remarks:Straus* is excellent. Besides.tbe book is valuablein givir 1; the entire dogmatical history of the times, been so presumptuous 'as to publish some works of trash who importuned him for favorable opin- au co-urant of the latest discoveries, with specialunheard of thing to call a mandarin of the blue " Bunsen has not become a whit wiser. He has and es lecially in uncovering the crafty tricks of-about the natural sciences since the year 1789." ions oh their " works." Only in very extreme cases application to the wants of manufacturers, is an- nounced by Meeers. Loagman, in uniform style withwho is just now speculating upon his chances of re- by his fanciful theories upon the first inhabitants ofturning to power. Nor is it to be wondered at that the earth (UrxbUcer.) and upon the locataon^of the flippancy with which he asserts the genera-cal Dictionary has been a scaice bouk for 20'yciars, and a manual,of thischaracterissureto meet with great—Meesia Carlton ice Pc "The JLife of Jacob Gruber the Baltimore Confer;enee •eoeantofhisindictmentby ttuk Cojontj, Maryland, an<! ttcitiig an icsurrectios amor **hle sermon at camp ..meed fcaded byEoaer B. TaneyJ •h« Supreme Court of the U sting one of the most thoroitheGracdDuheofSaxe-Weimarhassenthiscopyof paradiseofwhichhehasorderedttvoatpatl^iepert's/ tion 0the jbeofc, full of indignant penufii marks, to. the (chartographic establishment). Maps of the opin- of man] from Chaldtean mud ( Urschlamm). Thations of the nations' ( VSUUT) may be extended from letters to Yamhagen, complains "of. the tedious con- the myths of the ark and the Himalaya to Mountnumber^of\The contains an elaborate article on the• | jReview-toldmyNebraskian correspondentnothiug,because such things must not be made public."scholars merely from a desire to continue the tradi- can Coxcox—creations of fancy, occurring in the agTeeal \j eUTprised by lowering his expectation as in America, we may aa well translate his remarks would bo so kind as to appear at the railroadEdinburghfar as possible." On May 10, 1846, Prince Met- termch had written a long letter to, Hum- boldt, i which he spoke.Of the "eternal limits which God has erected around human knowledge,"Kapeleon, who, immediately after the death of Hum- complains bitterly of the evil tendencies of the sham and of (he, "frivolous boldness of too ambitiouson American political matters. In a letter of his,dated July 31, 1854, the following remarks occur: depot by eleven o'clock, whore he might have a '"lis true, a^teat deal of friendliness is shown to chance to salute him (B.) before his departure.tiyo more complimentary to ML?'. Collier's integrity thanto his,intellect, as these samples of the manner in whichhe is spoken of will show. " He scarcely ever gives adotailed account of anything without a blunder. Hescarcely ever tobs tho same btory twice without varia- • ' swats ever mad*.. - 1ios», of more,or less importance. -He obviouslymankind and to the, vindication oi! human rights, the royal favorite ! How differently did the sameWhow appropriate audi ah. **t any man wit i ordinary **ve repeated it < Isewhejrt:, od have beei thereaftei f**»ageto]asssgbandfrcrn: ^pencil covering walls andhimself was an upholder of thh baneful spiritual all arts of civilisation to the sole obj< ct of bolstering despotism v*perceptii 1 and pathos, tapering oft'into fear of 11,1856 he complains: ««Unfortunately^ Bochanau pantheis^." In a letter, dated October 2,1845, will be the next President, not Fremont, the acoom-try is regarded in tbia volume, i« the rationale of the principles involved in tho! process of weighing and measuring small quantities jof matter. Since the timethey are reduced to the *uae o!f similar phrases to these quoted above in his defenseJ It is rumored that the forthcoming Qua-terly\ Retitv: will? take the oppo-Mormon Bible likewise." Humboldt makes these remarks on' occasion of an "exceedingly curious" letter of the Chevalier,. of whioh Yarnhagen copies• lightly of the, nebulous matters {Vhiucn JDwgenl| beyond the grave, I easily forgivehim---ofKosmos inaflippantmanner, as "mydear col- league*" or to read an offrhand note of Balzac, who tells Humboldt that he (B.) has no time to go andGrand-Ducal library, wnen Humboldt, in one of hisversation of tnis Prince, '* who courts the society of Ararat and Aramea Kymbotos;*nay, to the Mexi- perbapJ j only from the fact that man ltkea to be through Humboldt's correspondence, safely landed see him (H,), but that he would be glad if H.he thinHaving, in the course of our peregrinationpious regime in Prussia; he maintains that "the most' minds W|0, having vainly attempted in their search is but a mechanism in the element of utility, butThese diflerent . letters to Humboldt afford a "piquant" seasoning cif [his own correspondence, which, however, even- without those additions, is one1 of the most valuable contributions to the per-[S*<ond A BSILLS AND COMSdtltbddt, had ordered a statue to be jerected to hismemory, will probably reconsider! his decree, on abject hypocrisy and teal infidelity are nur- for the ilreat Cause to transgress those limits, re-little improving man, nor giving impulses to human nature toward the vindication of truth and the de-CAP1J1 •it the east end of the (turn on their paths only to tumble back into thean sue Illegitimate son of Admiral Y erhuel, or on presses his confidence that " the German mind stupidrtyj of psganism by pretending to discover the velopement of correct sentiment (das Gcistig* undseeing that Humboldt sets him down unqualifiedly tured by tlus , baneful system," and ex-reading the /olio wing plain remarks! contained -in a wnl never, for any length of time, submit to cause ii the effects." Tnis, note Humboldt com- Gtmlltldich* anrcgeni) which ought to be the ulti- sons.! history of the great ;man.**y« choose to enter. A »p Pp bronze doors of Roger? a *WWevofctibiue,thewa'l*• eeiling paneled in mar Wt marble cdlumne. The «l•pinion that the most savage republic could never do' n so great and lasting injury to the moral progress ofwrite ! But now only, when he has ceased to be friend, fo r your collection of autographs^ most rc-United States are a Cartesian whirlpool, carrying away everything and grinding it down to a tedious• Mr. Ccllier by the impugners of these nwnuscripts.KLEMENT3 OF CHEMTCAfc PHYSICS. By JOSIAH L. U his friends choose to raise collateral issues of a per- •»4 the wonder ik with, onemariabl: letter of Prince Metternich, which fin-A« 'is, rSgintA de mom, onclty I* dispottrme. SclairS, man think and act at a former period! Tnen he ishes qx tcftemi-theologieally. It is 4dl of deep dead level" (langtctilig nivdlirtnd). On Sopt,CooKB.jr. »vp. pp. IM. JlittJe, Brown & Co.The point of view from which the science of ohemis- eonal nature, their own • discretion is to blame wis*especially since I hold a savage prejudice against the theory that every nation must represent some- thing (some abstract idea), that everything in the world has happened merely in order that 'there shall be fulfilled'what the philosopher has thoughtNational Administration bore him the most intensehatred. On Jan. 11, 1858, Humboldt writes: "In. Isriy fasomating and inatrncave piees of blogrsahrvg about political er municipal matters." tfcat the configuration of the dry laud on earthner." This shows that Humboldt did not at litsraturs. In tbe,'remarks on the life of the scholaris,then,"Humboldtaddsinaswrrow'ulwasinaccord&ncewiththe"contrastoftheideii"allconcurwithcurmodernphysiologistswhoandvariousothertopicsofkindredinterest,thedetsssjdetsssi that the eastern hemisphere represented the mas- discourse about the natural inferiority of the of biography are happily diversifi'id w i l suggestiveculineelement,thewesternthefeminine; that blackrace,-orthat,atanyrate,heindignantlyre- philosophicalreflactionsandfruitfulhints!forthsesm. ow do we act here ? Among a hundred elec- hence" the American continent had blender forms, jected the^conclusion that on account of a lesser de- duct of life. . 1 -tijere are soaroely. five who vote. It's too a mcie weakly fauna and flora; that the.catrle gree of natural capacity the black' race ought.to CKITICAL AND MIS CE VL ANEOtTS E8SA T8:CoujtcM» trouble! It's Our businessto think, forsooth!" were less vigorous, ihc crocodile* weaker thanthote he deprived'of all human rights by tho stronger ANJ> RjWPVBI-^HKD BY THOXAS CAWCTML it V«1S. IS « T#Vft hy be remarked lure that Hnmboldt himself, in the ancient world. All such 'philosophical vaga- race. ' ' . • • • . • . . ' . • ' With the exception of " Sartor Resartus," the first mf the shield" will *v,i octogenarian, never failed to cast his vote at ries weie treated by Humboldt in the plainest B-side the passages here translated, there is Jn appearance of which in " Frazer's ifagaafine'' caased veteran author, who is>r|ons, though sometimes he had to wait for terms as sheer nonsense and self-stultification.- Humboldt's letters nothing in regard to America or tuch bewilderment and consternation amongthe " re- ef his earljer.years.hrohi before hisuame was called in its alphabetical In his letters he vigorously contends for the " eter- Americans, except a letter of Mr. Prescott, whom spectable" readers of Engli»h periodioa|>, the mostotd< . Healwaysvotedfortheliberalcandidates nalrightsofindividuality^"asagainstallequalizing HumboldtintroducestoYarnhagenas "the great frtrikingcontributionsofCarlyletothe.ireviewsaod-l-sc h as there were.. '•>'. metaphysical systemswhichto him appear to oe mere American historian*" Amo»g the other le'.tors of no&gazin^s a quarter of a c^n<«ry ago an* reprodsosd—The "Life of Arv painter,bylira Grote",w appeared from Mr. Murray reeeived with' great fiwor in the name of the authore that her contribution* ;o seen s»anf and distlnKui yet teat ef a commoali a letter, dated Mai-oh 13, 1853 he takes remnants of medieval scholasticism—at best a play #in these elegant and substantial volumes. WOT the ma- jority of readers, they poseees a more attracuVe inter- est than the subsequent ehtborate productions, which have cost the author the study and toil of many years.. mustAlJdj in what state will I leave tihe world ! JC, who Considered from a philosophical stand-point* theBuc he saya: " H i s death was a warningperhapsfoecalledamate-They, indeed, are the fruit of wide reteaeeh and ripe communications he waxes quite sentimental, com-, character, more deeply tinged with the personality ofviews entertained by Humboldt on religious and humanity. In England or Amerioa tho all |t constitute a theme whieh generally, is but but universal belief is ihat an unbeliever cannot butwhen Louis Philippe at first 'complete account,ol artist bore an inportant p lipain these memoirs. Ta« so «yrge a cirtulation in tl grav^gs, that a reprint of speculation, and wi|l no do<—Mr. Herbert Spencer, « Social Statics" and otlier has iciraed a prospeetus Phileedphy," to appear thus:; two parts to be - d *JKrUPrmciples;" two vo Biology;" two to " The P two to those of " Morality ment (novel in these days'nate of the probable dsma of pecuniary loss. The ns SirJ.Herechel,M.de1 many others are given ?.cf sirirg its successin the inteand eentiment than the historial 00 nposition* which Butinstatingthis,itoughtneverpromptedhimtofollowthecareerofascholar,atalaterperiodhavealmostexclusivelyoccupied&ar- nectionwi-htheminpr.—=}been fulfilled, that his natural inclinations had «JDg humanity. Y et the ascending curve to be forgotten that Humboldt had been reared when circumstances over whioh he had no controlcome a Christian; and, curiously enough, pointingmos on his table in the. Castle of Stolzenfeis. .outtohii&theglorious'exampleofBeraadotte(the Butnowtheblack-bird(theorderoftheBlack:had been conceited by the simple tea'chiog« of apoorpeasant. Amongmanyotherthings,heeays: speakof'eddyingoceansoflight,andofstarry"If Jetusooes not dwell in our hearts, who can terraces,' a Coburg emendation of my words, quite dwell there but Satan?" Whereupon Humboldt, English, coming from Windsor, Where there areJJaw1, fpas to him the great unit of alf cause and this singular good-natured letter among jour psy- term 'The starry carpet' (Su.rnenUppich), com- in Italian C&urches are scarcely less conspicuous or •poser, is in progress editedspaces between the meshes of a web. The work Saturday Rcview)i contributes^) the Arundel Societymyths,. Thus, when his attention has in'a round-about way that Satan holds tae reins in on Mexican monuments wh ch he presents me with a beautifully' printed and illustrated account of theladie*' boarding-school. Oa the 21st of March, singular that he does not oven mention the Queen. bers. The Arundel Society—somewhat jaffectedly by a private individual itjz : the non-autbenticity of* the CrOspeLs (letter, dated December 3, 1841): .1844, an anonymous letter-writer from Soliogen Pei haps she deems my.Book of Nature unchristian." named after the Earl of Arundel—last of the greatteHfl Homboidt: "Some time age I read is. a In his reply to this letter, Varnhagen would seem to family/of Filonlan, the most distinguished counisseor,(Bauer) has found v in me a praead- olfbia day, and collector, of the Arrtadelian Marblesconyert When I was a boy, the newspaper that some one tfrom Kbnigsberg is said have gently reproached Humboldt for judging too is * devoted to the illustration of early |Christian istaet before its piecemealourt-preachers taught like . him. I to: have consulted you about some discovery in harshly of Prince Albert, for in another note, dated and Pre-Raphaelite art. During ten years' existence it' may be obtained of the Beriphysical science. From tMs I conclude ttiat you Feb. 27, Humboldt says: " You are quite right in lias produced beautiful works by'Fra Angelico, Peru- hat the evangelists had left some memo- are a natural philosopher (Naturforschet), and may reproaching nie for having been too severe on him gino, Giotto (with his Life by Rankin., &.c.,)J engraved ioh, at a liter period, had be'en^fted as { be acquainted with some friends who are also natu- of the *starry terrace*.' But I am oTjtly- sever? by Gruner and other eminent artisia. It has htiely for fictitious biographies {woraus man ral philoscphersi Now, naving myself made some /against tJie mighty, and upon this man I cannot adopted the improvements in color printing, and issued—A work of the first imp* Is announced by Dr. Lavcoa sor of Mecicir e at the Univ entitled " The Mind and t sftiie General Laws of lAitheir applications to»/Pniljoin the Church under a minister who alsoimportant discoveries in respect, to the seorets of but look with some suspicion, since au interview I large chromolithographic ,plates as the best way ofPhysiology, and the Pntccw there remain in this volume many thing* which boldt playfully remarks: " T thought beat not to inct I! rts—a code of morals which is nearly the with you. Perhaps either of us may confer some *I know you sympathize deeply with the Poles, but (d works of the great early masers are painfully studied nzhor intends to develophistoric ;1 novel. It is the last named of the three all neoeesary reference in regard to . my posi- He may still be the handsome consort of the Britishtion and character." Humboldt good humoredly Queen!" That Humboldt was only severe againstby lilss Asaifig in not withholding from the public dom of scientific research in his country was a mere greates importance " Speaking of Strauss's " Life replies: "The conclusion which some time the mighty is |true enough. Toward all those the Floes," and the sale has been quite equal tb the an- practical in its object. Itwith.4 decipitur mundus.1—Fifteen thousand was tbe number printed as a first edition of the American reprint of "The Mill, onelemen 1whioh in the course of time acquires thethe oonfidentud opinions of Humboldt, on living per- sham. His opmions of the chevalier Bunsen of Jesi ii," which he ealls a "remarkable book," sine© has dawned upon you, from the columns inferior to him he was kind and lenient to a fault. ticipation of the tr4de. iMuch has been said about the indelicacy shown Humboldt knew perfectly that the boasted free-sons. It is not to be denied that in this respectwere anything but flattering; in fact, he hesays|i;April6,1842): "The critical methodof ofanewspaper,that Imightbeawriter onnatu- Infact,hewouldhaverenderedgreaterservicetothe —A. neweditionof Dr.AndrewUre's "Dictionarytfown 8vo., withillnstrat:o —No French publisfiex;Ifflptrial K^gime on an unm bolat's'Correspondence," km, proceeds from Geneva—The Historical Society j Ktiptipn, the proceeding ai sen, in the highest TSJpogra Which will not be small, wilral philosophy, is quite correct. In fact, I have public if he had bandied more severely those writers of Chemistry," revise! and rewritten, so as to beswered; "I know as little about it as any otherorganic beings from inorganic matter, man; but," he added, playfully, "of that I have a feuilletonist -like. Jules Janin address the authorquotas from memory on occasions where the exactwording is of importance, and his memory is constantlyw rung. Even his vindications of himself are renderedunMitiBfactory, by his apparent incapability of grap-pling in a vigorous and effective way with the (lhargesagainst him." So much for Mr. Collier's friends; j t i* ! *hich, wjere it possible to .|j important, however , to keep in mind that the realquestion in dispute is the genuineness and authen-noteofFebruary5,l$io2:uIhavealwaysbeenofthi*spiritualdespotism."TowhichVarhhagen.municat<19tohisfriendYamhagen,accompanyingmateobjectofliberty. Hence,indifferencetoward —AtranslationofthisvolumebyMr.FricdrichticityofcertainMS.documents,andthatasme in the United States; still, I cannot refrain fromsage than princes. It is almost ludicrous to secmos." lie says in an almost jocular manner:' indebtedforthofactofCalifornia havingbecomea has beenmaiulyowingtosuccessiveimprovementsin Journal, aperiodical,'whoseprematuredeceasecaused *eolor,!andgilledstuccosend the Journal dts Dtbut r of day beforeyeeterday," &c,AA individual who was all-powerful under the measure, of the Russian Government wa< the used the terms "Creation" and the "Created.": In directing Varnhagen's attention to an artidle experimenter is exposed t<> numerous and constant entitled The Future, a journal of independent re-subject of conversation. Humboldt mentioned On November 30, 1856, Humboldt states, upon theslavery question, he writes: «'Inthe Journal sourcee of error. ; The authbr of this work, who occu- search and criticimi of tne Physical and Hislori««l kitelwm-eabinet, to use a term readily understood the Minister of Public Worship (Cultus). « You on the authority of a communication of a friend des JQibats .you will find an excellent article of pies the chair of chemistry and mineralogy in Harvard, Sciences. The contents of No. 1, now before us, are: intkiscountry,isthushandledwithoutgloves aremistaken,"the kingsaidtohim,"this ofhis,thst"jntheBelgianChamberstheyarede- Laboulayeuponthe'•domesticinstitutions'and College,hashereattempted!ananalyticalexpositionof LTheTruePlaceofManintheAnimalScaledIL fcjr Bumbeldt: " O f the whole crowd the privy- was not a measure of the Minister of Public Wor- bating al<ut me as a materialist and a republican, the extension of Slavery over territory heretofore those principles, while, at the same time,.he has taken ' Primeval Karope—topic the Firsts Greece and Italy counoaor, NJehunr is the basest rascal—a mean ship, but of the Minister of Enlightenment-—two eare to record the! latest res|ilui of chemical inquiry^ in older than Egypt. .HI. Darwin on Species. IV . Pre-who ougl ;to be deposed forthwith." And he adds: sfiree by the infamous (schandlicbe) Pierce " Upon the present rapidly developing condition of the science. Adamita Man. It wfll be seen the range of tuhjects is / eneanv hypocrite, brimful of hatred and venom. different functionaries ' altogether.'' Humboldt " What 31ten have believed in or not believed in, is the reception of the news of Buchanan's election, The volume is distributed uuder the titles of the " G»n- large/and they are treated with corxespondiag free- H e will be glad to know that I am okder tho sod." without interrupting the strain of his remarks a fit subji i at for discussion a^er they have died arid he exclaims (Nov, 21, 1856): " Thus, thou, tho oral P r V r t i e s o f Master,'' tlie '* Three States of Ma'J- dom and research. The price is almost nominaVbaingHumboWsopinion*ofthekingappeartomerelysaid,(probablyglancingatM.vonRaumerofficiallyjeenburiedandpreachedupbdbyM.Sy in/amCuspartywhichsellsnegrochildrenoffifty-iter"(solid,liquid,and!gftseousJi"Heat,"and4d.forthemonthlynumberof16pages,vlto.Messrs. have undergone a great change! that is to f& Prussian- Minister of Public Worship): " Ah dow (AM Court-preaeber) " In his cJnverBatio poundjweight, which confers" (upon Brooks) canes "Weighing and |Measuring." Although it forms a Triibner & Co. of London are the publishers. . |may with ail hi* personal friendship for the thank you; it was not, then, the Minister of Public^ of honpr as the Russian Emperor does swords of complete treatise in itself! on the' topics'-to which it is —M. Cousin has torn hi »Belf awsy from the beudiW mm be would never shut his eye* to thc: Worship, but he of the very reverse, whom I wa Humbold frequently indulged in hits, more or les honor,! which demonstrates that all white laborers devoted, it. i« intended to serve as the first volume of of Madame d» LongueviUc and the fair enchantressesc€ gradual duappeaiance of ufl hii g o o d q u a i . speaking of;" Can it be wondered that the advo good natt ed; against priests. On Nov. 22,185J5, h might better be slaves than freemen—-has prevailed. an sxtended work on the IPhilosophy of Chemistry. tbe Fronde, and resumed the graver functions, whichities, his political tergiversations, his growing *m-- cates of " endarkening" (Verfinsterumg) hated shewed t: his, friend a living chameleon, remarldh It is issued in the sumptuous typographical style of the wen him a high name in pMlosopby, by the compleUon What jan outrage !" It wiil'be seen from this that Cambridge press, and i&illuetpated*by numerous plates of his first-collected ediUon of the "Writngs ofbeciJLity, s<ttl>boinm^1*nd incaones* of character. Humboldt intensely, and that they were alway at the ear e time: " This is the only an mat Whic he took a very lively interest. in the Presidential and diagrams. "j Abelard." The works of this founder of the 8cholsM» • While heir pnseumptive to ike throne, Frederic busy to undermine his position, at the Court can look pwaxd with one eye and downward wit election of 1856. In fact, so strongly did he on pbilo««phy (not forgetting his Letters)' are thus firstMswtfis^kmgof'P^^ chief of his•; .•the present time, baa 'just commenced a now magaadaeof the advisers of the king. On one occasion, when he was sitting at the king's table, some"Then 1 illpws the denunciation of ray atheism, Free State." Of John B l o w ' s Life of .Fremont, these processes. ^Without a theoretical knowledge of a blank in current literature that has not been filled to^P»oper in a Gap itol as in a C wantingin harmony,an *the absence o:' all Amerrci°ght.j From this' stlsSeXy l ^ t , rjbe visitor, jbes'atlocce *«tcneintoroonsandpis**^iog jwith tiepictoj-iilai So. One looks in vein for_ more endmingor 1 solid ^^ch crumble at the touch. W«as the pajuto , wood and ***»e4.largely,^speciallys. z01*or passage ;lot wsio«cot ** in hilglit, with one or the ^ as a. [matter c I taste and fused very tparingly, ita y*Hiin coors, wbido w-eauiiwiJ fee, iu a publi|: buiidii -is constant friction' trx is- a pecuiar apppyji ^da afiecial finees 'm'stsalthough in the Kosmos I have always' Humboldt: speaks. (Dec. 3,1856) in flattering torraa. the principles on which they are founded, the chemicalOn some occasions Hnmboldt gave way to a feel tens*withHunftoW, £'cnduringthefirstyearsof logofdespondencyattheseeming,hopelessnessof nkreign.s«».»<Jatopinfluencedinfavorofliberal theliberalcauseinEurope:"Aias!"hesigh*(Septjnomunes ey Hmaheidt'a frioadly advice. But 13,1844), "in a few day* J. shall have lived to see goods au< profits with the other."w h e n m « m y s t i c i s m c a r r i e d M m f u r t h e r a n d f u r t h e r m y 7 5 t h b i r t h d a y . A l a s ! I s a y , b e c a u a e i n 1 7 8 9 ( Butl i f H u m b o l d t w a s n o t a b e l i e v e r i n r e v e a l e d t r a t i o n . U n d e r t h a t d a t e , h e s e n d a t o Y a m h n g o o a a t r u c u l e n t c o m p l a i n t a g a i n s t t h e " p a r t i e s o f t h eimtwftuiitswfeudal romaa^cism of the middle fundedthat,afterthelapseof suchaperiod,,man- religion, JeWasstillless anadherent ofcitherthe letter of "the AmericanMinister of Var."Mr. pirat*-»peoies"thatwerepreparingtoreprintitontheir"^iaijua seemnio nave been on the most intimatethe othe: at the same time. There are none bu every joccasion express his sympathies with the TBE LIKE OF FB.l&DKfCil SCHILLER, By THOMAS rendered accessible to the student andM. Cousinhas-•2 ^•*Material, with UtUe-peaB y/ourpwesfwhocandothesimethimj,havinga Republicancause,thatsolateasSept.9,1858,ho' sipgle eyi on heaven, and looking to^,rd worldly was quite surprised at receiving anything like politeCatti.Yi.it. From!tha»ooondLoudonoditlon. limo., pp.2d0.fltooldonk.Co. '.,,' LIn the preface to the second edition of this work,drawnattentioninbisprefacetothefactthatDw^J* (forwhomherenderedthesameserviceform«rry)« who was the destroyerof the system, sprangfromtheuncentanirjoatedby.i But,etranijeto aim ^^* m siuglB specimeq;7"*^ anywhere. It never.« ^ n p e r i U e n d e n l t , w h o r o i s idUntitled Documenttreatment at the hands of Mr. Buchanan's Adminis- published in London fifteen [years ago, .Carlvie enters eamo Province aud neighborhood--CBrfttaay--«**P*,»-Svtd u o e d i t s o r i g i n a t o r . ''.J . i _ . . . * . . —ThreevolumesofthegreatImperialCofle«th»efJ^ fink of plaster, ora*own account." There are books," he says, " a s there;The baJustradee ot'» BOOKS RECEIVE».2«0. Sheldon k Co. •. .ThoThrcncofDarid. BytheROT.J.II.Ixgrsluuh. Ua».n«, &)3. . G. O. ETWX*. . '• IChild'x Book in Natural History. By M. &L C«rU. 12m*. pp. 148. A. 8. Barn»n & Buir. • ITrazxEaotious of the Wiftco&tin SUto Agrtcu'turaJ Sooloir. V«L V. Edited by J* W. Hoyt. 8ro. pp. S45. Jc«rs«a.(«r 4, Hyer.The Nf vr American Cydopaidla. Fdited by GeoreaRipley i Charlw* A. Dana. Vol. IX. Hayn»—Joraoy Clly. •TOI pp.784. D Appleton &. Co. _i eLITERARY,success. „-' —The newSaakespeare-; Collier Controversy. The writer aocepta the alterna-.«.Vteacher of the whole fa.:a;branch of Geographical aj The number of vpmmes is x ofmape, Efforte are makbnits of a universal law c the eorrelations of trre p na wholly new aspect. jeers' study and experience ."/r-'.fcr-.-':www.fultonhistory.com\Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th StreetFulton New York X 13069 