 The Prince of Wales. SpecislDispatchtq TheN.T. Trfbone.MONTREAL, Monday, Aug. 27, 18G0. • The announcement has to-day been given that the Pr:nee will sail for England from Portland in- stead of Boston or New Y ork. As a great manyreasons are erroneously assigned for this decision, HE EXPECTS TO BE ASSASSINATED.and as some' of the representatives of the City of • New-York in this city appear chagrined that the metropolis has not been chosen for the point of LebanonSurroundedbyFnadPasha. departure, I may say that the only cause for this unexpected select'on is the apprehension of de- sertions in case of the squadron visiting a larger place. From the ships of the reguUr North American squadron heavy desertions would be cer- A D V A N C E I N B R E A D S T U F F S . tain. There is no'special fear on account of the vessels immediately accompanying the Prince, ai they would be oo ..their way home. But it has not—The New- Yorker Demokrat is the only daily morn- ingpaperpnblithed inthiscity,intheGermanlanguage,OHE DAY LATERFROMEUROPE . i — — a »AKBIVAIi OF t H E NOVA SCOTIAN.desperation of the Pope.POLITICAL INTELLIGENCE. 'm••', MINNESOTA. CorrespondenceofTheN.Y.Tribune.ST. ANTHONY'S FALLS, MiuheBOta, Aug.20 1360.^The first Repubiicau State Convention in MtaaoBotn since the nominations at Chicago, was held at St. Paul on Wednesday last. Theattendance was-unex- pectedly large, nearly every county iu the State being fully represented. One delegate evinced his true de- votiontothecause by walking nearly two hundred- miles inordertobepresent,and when the fact wasannounced it was received with loud cheers.^ The utmost harmony and good feeling prevailed throughout theproceedingscftheConvention. AstrongElectoral and a good State ticket were nominated. Oar present faithful and ahle representatives in CoDgress, Meesia. Aldrich and Windoni, received a unanimous and cor- dial nomination for a second term.Thefeelingforthemwassoearnest,thatassoonas the nominations were made burinees was suspended, and they were brong't into tho large building amid the.moatenthusiastic slu-uia aqd cheering. Each re- sponded in a brief, but pertinent speech, and as theyVERSARIES FAIRLY STATED.The following paper was unanim'onalya^opteiby •Wr^«DT^;,^5!?,?l«'§**•<x>»wtonopos^rb«ts-s£2}'9925.ehanteq.T h e UK»AnsTryK» market is quiet, and nominally ua-•,The I*ike** F c a k Express.: The Pony Express, with St. Louis dates to July 3l8t. arrived at Carson Valley on the 11th, and at Sacramentoonthe12th,butowingtoitsbeingSunday, •when i o steamers depart, the express was detained there 24 hours, and did not reach San Francisco until lat* at night On the 13tb.Charles P . Duane has commenced a suit in the Uni- ted States Dirtrict Court against Charles Goodall, master of t^e steamtug Hercules, for $25,000; Captain Pearson, of tbe st-amer John L. Stephens, for $50,000, and Captain Watkins, of tbe steamer Golden Gate, for $50 000 damages, growing out of his being forcibly carriedawayfromCalifornia,byorderoftheVigilance Committee in 1850.The San Francisco Herald h a s changed editors, a n d comos out for Breckinridge. It is now entirely owned and controlled by federal officers.The latter numbered 300 persons, including a fine com-pany of Wide-A wakes, and an excellent orass baud,that, together with our own and one from an adjoiningand: the Association examined the candidate for sev- eral hours, till indeed they were all apparently Rati- fied. They were satisfied with his doctrine, his spirit,ENERGETIC ACTION BY THE SULTAJf.F A THER POINT, Monday, Aog. 27,1860. The steamsbip Neva Scoiian, from Liverpool Aaifort 16th, Yiin Londonderry on the evening of August 17th,lation, and various rangements.otherornamental anduseful ar- •.';,'hnownto themselves'withheld articlestouchingthiscase.from theirpu>lishod ,A YOUNG GIRL BEATEN AND BITTEN BY A WOlWAIf AND A D O G .has passed ibis point, bound to Qaebee.The sie unship Bremen, from New-York, arrived atSouthampton on the i~th inet.LATEST VLV LONDONDERRY. Lo.*i>u«. Ang_ 17, i860.Th< r*rL«eorrwpondflntoftheAlVgmeine Zettung,came to Litchfield some four years since, and estab- lished the " Elm-Park" School, a boarding-school f>r boys, and that after living in Litchfield for about three jf ars, conducting bis school with success and occasion ally supplying" a vacant pulpit, or preaching for somStauon-Hcufre in a cist essed a'ate of mind, aod «tate4 that she bad just escaped from a house in Jamee street, where she had been terribly beaten by the pro- prietor and hits wife.Of the 10thfcMfi*»**5» that th© Pope h*« written a very ful. The Prince drove through the town incognito,melancholy loiter to tbo Cardinal in France. He looks and' attended Divine Service at tho Anglican Cathedral12th of September. Hon. Simon Cameron will pra- then about to be ditmii-sed, to snpply there a fo<v Sab-lathe for him. which he did. It was true tlwt he had p1oprietor, to do general housework. On the night ofupon >li a* lo»ti>aJd, although convioced that he will die by th*« buliet of an atKi&nn, he declared that he wilt quit Heme under n© condition and f*>r no price.CowsrawTinoPLr, A ug. II.—Advi ;ea from Damas-cna of the £*a inst. state ttii-t Fnad Pasha had sur-side. Among those speakers who have promised to been deposed from the ministry and exeommucicatsd bei arrival the landlady solicited her to retire with arounded Lebanon with troops, and. threatened with theswoTd the Dm«> sheiks if toev did not surrender iu grounds. The Prince arrived at 10 o'clock. The firsttwo days. Twenty sheik* had already been taken, match was at Lacro s between two parties of Indians,crly viewed, to the whole country, was heartily in dorsed.In no quarter of the country are the conduct and ac- tions of our public servants hi Congress regarded with closer scrutiny than by the people <>f Minnesota. It is not meant to send representatives to the national capi- tal as a mere compliment, or as a reward for the rendi- tion of any particular partisan services, but for the rea- son that the most important duties are for them to per- form, not only for our own State, but the'whole coun- try; and that when they getthere, w e look for them to fulfill iheir obligations. If they forget our ioterests when surroundeo by all the blandisbmentB attendant at, the Federal capital; many hundred miles from us, theyOhio; Andrew H. Reeder, of Pennsylvania; Andrew G. Curtin.a cause aleo (one instance of supposed • intoxication,which hecould<xp'ain soasatleasttoclearhisown cntrcatie*untiltbenextnight,whensheagainsolicitedand nearly 860 other important hirers made. A thou- sand camels' loads of plundered proper y had also bean recovered.The Sultan viritsd the Porte oa Thursday, and de- livered a speech to the Ministers, expressing a resolution to pnnith the Syrian offenders most severely, and also an mteniioja of redocing the list of sinecure high func- tionaries, and of effecting economy generally. Paper monoy i» to remain in eircuiati >n until .July next.The Sultan is about to address another autograph letter to Queen Victoria and the Emperor Napoleon on the subject of Syria, in wbich he will oxprees a desire to have the sole punishment of the offeuddTS.The news of the massacres of Batbec is confirmed. Uo details are given as vet.LONDON, Aug. 17.—The Times city article of Thurs- day evening &*ys:" Disappointment in the expectation* of a change id the weather, and threatened political contingencies, have led to a further decline xa the English fond*. American Secnriti€s show gre*»er firmnees. owiog to the anticipation of an active business in breadstuffs- Kogold wastaken from the Bank to-day."The Times h a s been requested t o coot-adict t h e Btatsmeiit that Dr. Vaoghan nss been appointed to ihe Chancellorship of the York Cathedral.The Select Commi.tee of the House of t Commons have issued a report stating t>at the condition of the laws regulating the national intercourse with Franca, Spain, Portugal, and the United States, is most unsatis- factory.During the last thr-?e years, the British merchant . shipping trade has been in a e»ate of gr*at depression. In the struggle and competition to which Brit sh ship owners are now exposed with foreigners, they view "with the greatest jealousv the restriction still imposedby foreign powers on our sbippiog. In the home, col lonial, and f reign trade, the rate> of freights esp^ciiUv, has baen for a long time wholly unremunerative. The report concludes with a hope total the recommend*noos of the Committee will receive the earliest attention of the Government. ,The msrriage of Lady Alice "ViTUers, danghter of the E a r l of Clareoron, with Lord Skelmeredale,.was sol- era «nzcd yesterday.The opening prices of Consols to day were 9 2 | © 93, for both money and account. New Threes 9<$£.The Gibraltar,'carrying one hundred and one guns, "Wadsafely launched at Devonport yesterday.COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.{By Tel»grapb to Londonderry ]LIVERPOOL, Frid-y, Ang. 17.—LIVERPOOL COTTON$f AXXX-r.—The Bf okeis* Circular report* the »ale »< f the wM*.k at 90,43} bale*, of which 1%960 hnlrn were to speculators, andand the second between Indians and whites, in which the former won. This was followed by a war dance in full costume. "The Prinje wa* much amused. There were several thousand spectators, including the Boston Fosileers, whose band played " God Save the Queen," the menuuncoveiing, and then "Yankee Doo- dle," tbe Prince uncovering.licans met together in Springfield, Ohu. Wide- - A wake Clubs from various places took part in tho meeting, and in the evening united to form a torch- light procession that, was half, a mile in length. Dur- ing the day addresses were,made by Cassiu8 M. Clay,John Sherman, J. M. Root, Benj. Stanton.—Mr. J. G. Wells, corner of Park row and Beek-man street, has published an "Illustrated Campaigndid not conceal it. \t was even a matter of conversa- in a most brutal manner.39 929 to c j ^ r u r i . laipoit* of the weeX 28.619. Prices of th« 13<h Bteamor Sonora fram Panama—passengers all well; 14th, lowrr qtalitirs are qno'.ed at id. higher, while tho«e i.t the rnid- harks Druid, from London, and Lord RagUn, lrom Manilla.. Nod'ir>KoVucnyionn»*©fnlly Jd.betW,andfairquiliti•areon- departures.John Bell is his first choice for President, of the candi- clergymen pnly, or moietW of both. If, therefore, a Church should in any instance, by thoir sovereign act, convert an Asso- dates before the. country, disapproves of the arrange- ciation into a Council, and charge it with the work of ordination,ment by -which theticketwasmadeuponwhichhis ordir.ationinsuchcasesi<*legitimateandvalid."Has an Association power in its own right to ordain? Thename appeared as Elector, and deprecates the throwing Committee know of no principle, in our Hsage or our standards of the election into the House, as full of excitement which concedes such authority, or leKitiuiHte* Buch acts. Asso- ciations are altogether without ecclesiastical authority, original andagitation,if notof positivedangertothecountry. ordelegated; TheyarenotChurches,theyarenotcouncils,and The election of Mr. Lincoln he deems greatly prefer- if ordination is an act of tho Church, it must, to be valid and real, b« by the Church, or some selected body representing thechanged. The advance in prices wa» canned by advices from the I nl ed States.The tele* or" Krldnr (to d*y) wore 10 000 b*les. the market olo- slrgsteady. ThefollowingaretheacthorizedQuotations:The Jacob Bell baa cleared for Hong Kong, wjtb 16.000'feet of lumber, and whaat and fleur equifaltsiit to 4.556 bbl«. The Lizzie Spaxldtng baa cleared for Australia, with 17,600 sacks of wheat and2.120bhls Flour.. stuft"» Market tends tpward, ar ••• pric.s of all articles are stischtly and Foik aie quiet tnd firm at lasi quotations. Candles arc better jiigner. Some ai/tbonti»'S r»p oit >-lour and Corn each 1/ dearer, dealt in •. best brandu Adamantine »ell slowly at 26£c Coffee:sua V heat <fd. higber since 'l ..<Kiay.Another report says: COKX—A good attendance of conntry"buj ois, and a large bojiineas done. VV'HKAT han advanced 2'&3d. Jpcntal overTuesday's prices. FtOfR is active,and fnllv1/and invigorating climate, the unsurpassed beauty of the country, our hundreds of silvery lakes, the limpid sti earns and classic water-falls are far more inviting to the denizens of the waim tropical regions thin any Slave Code which the ingenuity of any Douglaaite could possibly invent.Delegates to the Convention on Wednesday, broughtglad and reliable tidings as to the prospects of Lincolnand Hamlin, fromall quarters of the State. The "Land :Sa es," which the inveterate malico aud obstinacy of a Democratic: President appear resolved to press upon u<sisdoingitsnaturalwork. Thesufferingthatmu?t inevitably be caused acaoug thousands of- prefienptors who have not yet been able to pay for their claims but by dint of honest toil bad just begun to " see light," •will be immense. T h e hearty denunciations against bogus Democracy, generally, in some of the land Dis- tricts, and about the land offices, is fearful to listen to. Douglas need expect bat little comfort, from these re- gions on election day. •'•*•":..Great preparations are making to give an enthusias- ticreceptiontoSenatorSewardatSt.Paul,onthe18r,h of September. If the day is clear, this county will send an immense delegation with teams, banners" and music.It ie generally conceded that Lincoln will sweep the State by 5.0C0 majority, and this will render Pro- Shtvery Democracy as good as obsolete in a region winre it once grew and flourished in all its Moccasin proportions. W e all rejoice that the day of political deliverance is near at hand, when gallant " Old Abe". will stand up at the East front of the national capitol and take ihe oath to support the Constitution as Presi- dent of the American Republic.It will.be a proud day, not only for our own conn- try, but in every corner of the globe, where hu- manity and liberty have erected their standards.A thrill of dtligh',. like an electric spark, will arouse and cheer up the laboring millions of the land, and they will exult that their cause has at last been recognized and glorioufly redeemed from thraldom by the tri- umphant elevation of one of the honored "sons of toil" to tne highest civil office on earth. HENNEPIN.• • »MISSOURI-JOHN S. PHELPS.Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.SPRINGFIELD, MO., Aug., 15, 1860.ther in the interior, containing about 5 per cent of him speak in the canvass just closed. I have thoughtcontrast shown by the " Egypt" of I860 and that ol1858-7-8-9, gives the following sketch of a meeting preaching, or be pvblislied as an impostor, as athe reasons of its value is that it has less affinity for water than any other oil, and less tendency to harden ox hickc-n the leather, as noatefoot and other animal 01S do. Leather that has been frequently saturated with. any kind of animal fat.and exposed to water, as boots and harness are, instead of remaining pliable, becomes hard and dry,.losing its elasticity, and finally beooming brittle and worthless; but that which is oiled with tha extract of the Palma Cbrista bean, and in a less degreewith flaxseed oil, appears to retain its fibrous tough*, nees a great deal longer. The oil is naturally viscid, containing some glutinous matter, which serves a bet- ter purpose than animal oil to exclude the water, wbich, when absorbed in leather, is the real cause of its non-elasticity.*• sack and obi dearer. OAT» are dearer f^r good qualities. n't> ioE done at the n««w price. Spirits Turpentine brings <fel.crowd in town that ever got together in this county.It has been estimated at from 3,000 to 4,000 persons. And a meeuqg of the Association was held at the There were large delegations from nearly all the pre- houjc of the Rev. L. W . Bacon, iu Litchfield, iu cincts in the county, and especially from Centralia. August, 1859.' There was a tolerably full meeting,ISOIAX COKS—A strong demand, at on improvement of 1/ |>LIVERPOOL PROVISIONS MARKET.—The Provision 'O't noth-eible change tn rates. Teas and Winoi remain dull.Whent: Buyers w i l not pnTchoso at anything over $ 1 50; Marketisgenerallydoll. fannersherecommencedshippingtheir owngratato New-YorkLO.VDON MARK*:T««. — Ix>ndon, Friday.—CONSOLS, in preference to accepting this rate.ST. JOSEPH, MO., Monday, Aug. 27,1860. The Pike's Peak Express arrived tibia mbrning, withDenver City d^tes to tne 21st inet.A subscrip*ion is bei'jg raised for extending the tele-graph from Fort Kearney to Denver, with a good pros- pect of raising the requisite amount.The excitemeut is increasing in regard to ths recenV ly-discovered silver le-ids near Tarryali and Breckiu- ridgd. Theore&ssay3from ^200to$1,700tothenun. Tncnsands of claicas have btea taken, aod ma^iy are fitampediog from the gold diggings to the >ilver mines.The California Gulch continues to pay richly, and ia the Mch-'tflty, Georgia and Humbag Gulcies, tie jniners are realizing sums from nothing to $50 to the man.• The weather is cold in the southern mines, and there has been a light f*dl of anew in th* Gregory Diggings. Some owners, disconraj?«d in quartz mitl;* are selling Out at beJow cost; but the general feeling is one of in-.hung with streamers, inscribed with significant mottoes;on it were borne 33 ladhs, attired in white dresses, andhats crowned with evdrgreens; over the shoulder was•were rumors and reports touching his conduct before he came to Litchfield, and before his profession of re- ligion in Northjield. The Association, therefore, votedTVre are about $450,000 in the State Trpasury, but $275,000 of this amount will soon go to effect a com- creasing confidence and there is a sieady increase of' plete payment of all the State Prison claims that have• the Hon. Joseph Gill38piej candidate for Congress, so, and after a time, at a meeting of the As-who showed up the wheedling, course of Janusrfaccd sociation, at which there were only seven members'Democracy. Thft would-be doctrines of " Squatter present, the report was present*d by the sarne man Twenty-third street, and completed their organizationBDccess in separating the gold from tha quartz.In Denver City buwn«f8 is reviving, and many of the merchants are starting fcr tho river to porcaaseby tho election of J. H. Hobart Wad'as Captain; Alex. McLeod, G. II. McKay, Hugh Gardner, and J. E.'Kelly as Lieutenants; Messrs. Wilcox, Gla»trater, and Abrams as Sergeant%t The co*ps adopted the Hartford Wide-Awake uniform, which consists of aTh: Vizalia Delta says 15 or 20 assays have beeti their winter stock. Some disappointed emigrants are made of silver ore from the Coro mines, the resultsalso gone. rangirg from $700 to $3,000 per tun, and averaging From $40,000 to $50,000 in dust per week is now about 11.200-leaving for tae rWvr, mostly iu private hands, while" Oregon advices are received to the 6th inst. NewsClark. Gmber & Cc. are receiving and coming about $2.0C0 per day.Many substantial brick bnilding* are going op.ummp; rtJint.The. wheat crop is repoited good, and a large surpluswill reqnire'expoit.Politics were exciting, but there was no new tangi-Movement*ofSenatorDonarias. Meevidencetoshow therelative strengthof parties. NORXOUC, A ug. '26, 1860. 7*e Jacksonville Sentinel having come out for Breck- Mr. Douglas made an able spoech last night before -nridge. a new Douglas organ will be started in thatabout 5,000 persons. He goee to Petersburg in the strong Denocratic county.them will he successful.PERSONAL.>Congregational principles; and to the dictation of theeomen, whowere exhorted by one of their number " to with lodd cheers.strike hard" on Dr. Richard*, so as to aocomplieh THE NKU-YOUH*ZOUAVES-INDEPENDENT CORPS.— tbeworkundertaken,theChurchinNorthfie'ddidnot ThiscorpB,which1msnow80menonit*roll,methist feel bound to submit. Tho Northiield Church does notmorning.PETERSBURG,Va.,Monday,Aug.27.1860. Mr. Douglas arrivtd h*r« this eveuiagfrom Norfolk,Reports from the Jacksonville Quartz Mines contin- ue favorable.As you are probably aware, the Hon. John S. Phelps,the present"father"in Congress,beingthe oldest member, is elected—-his. majority being cutBritish Columbia dates are to the 9«h, par steamer and was enthusiastically received by 3,000 or 4.000 Oregon which bronght down over $50,000 in gold.castle stating that the Prince will visit Boston, but i* unable to indicate the preciee date.The steamship Parana sails at 9J to-morrow morn ing for St. John's, N. i\, and GaZway..»o2 West Broadway, lie bad sold herUw poisonin ^j^.1 *1 ?: eesteem, love, aud Chrmtian regard, for w e feel that the wouuded .icn.oflaw. without label, and without rtgls^dtt*^MMMMbeendeemedexpedienttodividethesquadron; and in any event it has hitherto been intended that Boston, and not New-York, should be the point of final departure.To-the Associated Press.MONTREAL, Monday, Aug.27, I860.TheilluminationonSaturdaynightwasverysuccess-—The Republicans of Lancaster city, Pa., had a grand rally on Friday evening last. Hon. John Covode was escorted to the wigwam by a torchlight procession, numbering 100 Wide-Awake's. He spoke for nearly two hours iu his most forcible manner.•Aboutaweekago,ayounggirlnamedMaryAna They woul I state, then, that the Rev.Dr. Richards Murphy, made her appearance at the Fourth Wardyesterday. Hewasmetattheentrancebythe Clergy. The building was crowded but the arrangements were good. The sermon was by the 8i>hop of Montreal. This morning the Indiaq,games oame off at the cricketgive their aid are Henry Wilson, of Massachussete; B.F. Wade, of Ohio; C. M. Clay, of Kentucky;from the churth by the Presbytery of New Orleans; butitwasdoco duringbis absence inEurope,andassailor, and pa>s tbe Digbt with bim. Thisthestrenuouslyrefuted todo,andupon threat-The games were interrupted by a heavy shower of rain.tion between him and some of the leaning members of Nor biield Church. Yet bo felt that his ministry was not in regular order, and he was not satisfied with hia position. Accordingly he presented hixself, with his wife, as a candidate for admission to the church in Northiield. •'.'He was examined by the Committee of the jCborch, approved, propounded, aud in duo time received into our commnnion and fellowship.m a n , a n d w e k n o w o f n o r e a s o n w h y hr> s h o u l d n o t b e received as a member of the Church of Christ, and w e fnlly boli*-vo that no person would have thought of complaining of his membership with us, if w e had not invited him afterward to preach to us. This,we did, however, because, first, we desmed him worthy; second, w e dtemed him capible, as ho has proved him • self to be; third, we deemed it right'for us to choose our own minister, as all other Congregational churches do. Hence, we asked our orother to minif-ter to ua for a short period, which he pro-Ono of the vile inmates of the bouse also made a a attack upon tbe unfortunate girl, aod bit one of her fiogere, her teeth "penetrating to the bone. T h e girl continuing to resist, the misctable wretches set a Largo drtg upon her, when a horrible eceoe eueued.Th funimal threw herupon the flow and seizoing her by the hand bit it completely through the palm, and it was only after a desperate struggle that she oacar.od from her.Captain Palmer, of the Fourth Ward, upon hearing (be ftalement of the girl pent ber to the Lower Police Court, where she made complaint against Adolpbe Mirks and Mary Marks, charging them with beating and maltreating her. Justice Walsh issned his war- ran te for thyarreet of the accused, and they were soon after taVen in custody and held to answer in the sum of $1,000 each.The girl was so badly beaten that it was foinineceetary to convey her to the B t l W o e Hospital,where she cow lies in a very precarious pondi.ion. Her hand was terribly lacerated, and tho physicians have fears of hydrophobia.A n e w Douglas Democratic daily, called tion, hn8 jnst been etarted jn San Franciaco.TILC Na-A Bel;and Everett daily, called TJte Constitution, has also been s'arted.SIXTEENTH WARD WIDE AWAKES.—This company Ward Bepublican Association on Eighth avenue, nearaccrued to date. From the Washoe mines the news pofse'Sse s bnt little interest.Sovereignty," " Non-intervention," and "Nigger who first brought up the subject at Plymouth, andEquality," were each shorn of their Douglas dress to though there were several of tho members who hadU'ter fright and shanefacedness of the Democrats gen- never had any personsl acquaintance with Dr. Richards,erally. The greater portion of the audience soon went never seen him,, or spoken with him, except when hehome, leaving quite enough to illuminate the town and appeared for his examination, 3et six of the seven votedfill tbe spacious Court HQUBO in the evening, when the to reject his application for license, aod, if he continuedHon. J C. Allen» District Elector, made a logical, to preach, to warn the. churches against him as an im- large black cape and a black cap with eagle in front. truthful speecb, that turned the minds of some and put postor, a wolf in sheep's clorhiog. This was done inAt tho conclusion of the business meeting, Capt.nian^more astride the fence. The Hon. Phillips the name of the "Litchfield South Association" by sixclosed the meeting with a pleasing; graphic epitome of of them'-mbers of it'there being some fifteen or more Cbalser, of the original Company of Wide-Awakes ot 1 the Republican party in Egypt. Egypt will givo a in all. Nor only so, but these men, as an Association, Hartford, with Lieut Pond of the 8amo city, were in- largeRepublicanvote. Mosstofthecuuntieswillrun hadundertakentooverridetheactionofauindependent troduced,sndaddressed themvctingateomobngthia candidates for county officers this Fall, and many of chnrch, who confessedly had not exceeded the limits of regard to the campaign. Tneir remarks were receivedNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE,TUESDA Y , AUGUST 28, I860.Hand Book " for i860, containing 350 pages of valuableThe levee commences at the Court-House at noon. ' wili be'very likely not to be forgotten^ when the ttme political information. Mr. Wells also pub'ishes' a had-tbe reputation which belong© to a Christian gentle-A ball has been tendered by the New-York deputa- tion to the Prince of Wales and accepted. It will take place t n Friday evening, Oct 12. In consequeoce of eu28gemen-s already entered into by the Prince he can only sp»-ndFr day Saturday and Sunday in New-York. He wul e<ib*rk irom Portland.Tbe lollowii)g is a copy of the address:" His Royal Highness, the Prince of Wales: May it please j our Royal Highness: •On behalf of the citizens of New-York, wie have the honor to request your ac-. ceptance of a nail upon the occasion ot your visit to oiir city, at such time ae may suit your convenience.W e hope that in n e w of the deep and universsd ad-' miration frit throughout our land for the public and private virtues of your royal mother, and for the high reepect entertained fur yourself, as the heir to the tbr..ne of a great c untry invited to our own by so many ties of history, language, c nsinguinity and common interests and prii)ciple, you will accept the in- vitation which we now tender you.comes for calling tne ballot-box into use. That identir caJ box is a most potent regulator, and it is weil for those w h o depend upon it for po&itioDB of vast political importance, to keen it within the bounds of ttair vision. Such has been the wise caution exercised with our Congressmen, and for this they will be triumphantly sustained. •Among -other gratifying circumstanceswith the Convention was the unanimous passage of a resolution strongly approving of the administration and public course of Gov. Alexander Ramsey. The Republican cause in Minnesota, in fact, throughout the Nortr-WeBt, has found in him one of its firmest and ablest champions. Early identified with the organiza- tion a i d settlement, of the State, co ning in the-spirit of no mere temporary adventurer, but from the scart taking up his position with the full understanding that he would remain here through.all the changes which a new country is destined to undergo, he has acquired, a strcng hold upon the public confidence, and wields a most decided influence. All his acts are marked by that strong common sense for which he is noted acnong those who know him best. W e had a test of his firm- ness and decision a short time since, by the eale of cer- tain defaulting railroad companies, in the face.of me- nace and threats of being incarcerated in prison; also, byhispromptofF<>rofasuitablerewardinthelave kidnapping case in St. Paul, although a'large numbar of Southern slaveholders were sojourning there, and at this ptace, at the time.The bold attempt made last Wifntor to procure the passage of a " S i x Months Slave Code," under the pretence that it would be a matter of accommodation and attraction to our Southern visitors, has awakened a good deal of. indignation, and discussion. It was brought forward by the Douglas 'satellites, and has been .sustained by 'them throughout. They evincedRepublican chart with colored portraits of Lincolu and Hamlin, and a great variety of interesting statistics heaiing on the election. Moreover he furnishe-j medala heariiTg the heads of the candidates for President and Vice-President, in settings to suit every taste. ••(Signed). JOHN'A. KING, Chairman. HAMILTON FISH. JOHNJACOS ASTORJr. ROBERT 8. MUSTURN, WILSON G.HUNT. , ROBERT L. KENNEDY/, M. B. FIELD, Secretary.and written out in full, which, he whhed the Associa- houte in queBtion which is located at No. 6 James-et.. tion to adopt. Some objection to the course proposedwas made, on the ground that Dr. Richards was not a and arrested the persons found therein. The accusedThe Prince's Levee was numerously attended. Sevrn.1 addresses were presented. It is settlpd that the Prince opea the exhibition at Hamilton, Wedues- d*y week, &nd leaves the same evening for Chicago, wbrreberetrainsoneday;thence bythewayofthe pra?rits, to St. Louis, Cincinnati, Washington, Balti- more Philadelphia, New-York, Boston and Portlaud. It. has reen arranged that the Prince accept the ball atepatization by federal aromatics, th& Southern vulture ENew-Y ork,insteadof a dinner.,-of an outraged people revels at his discomfiture, aud will feed with insatiable gusto upon his bloated car- cass." . . •—At a meeting of the citizens of Greenwood, S. C., among other resolutions, the followiog was voted:RcHolvcd, That w e reopectfulTy request all clergymen or other .personS? who may have received copies of Sumner's speech, to forward them immediately to "the Secretary of thia meeting, that, in-one common pilf, in the Cong'esdional District of tbe late Hon. Preston S. Brooks, and on tho anniversary of Sumner'aThe women found in the house were of the, lowestand moet abandoned clues, aod indulged in very inde-cent language, not only along tbe streets, but in the Police Station. A gross-looking woman gave ber ageas 17, and said the was Irish, but was born in En- gland. • ,' m.The California Pony Express.caning, they may be consumed in a honfire lighted by negroes.—Mr. Edward Huntington of Rome, who was nom- ministers, or they are not ordained. In elec»ions, tho ChurchThe Pony Express, Bomewbat behind time, reached here last night wj«h news to the 15th.S.Y.JT FTKAUCIPCO, Wednesday, Aug.15, i860.Arrived at S«n Francisco, lfc*h. Bhip Mameluke, from Boston;ers thought they could be, or demanded of them. The bill which was introduced in the Senate was indig- nantly crushed to death as quickly as the rules could be suspended, Jive Democrats only having the courage, to vote for it. Contrary to the predictions of tneifewfriendsoftbeill-advisedmeasure,andthewhiningcrv of tbe Douglas leaders, the defeat of the bill, which was duly heralded all over the South, has been fol- lowed bythrice thenumberof Southernvisitorseverinated for Elector for Oneida County on the Bsll-Doug- las ticket, has formally declined that position. It is understood that M r . Huntington, while declaring thatmust act directly, and -without a proxy. In ordination. BIIOmay either act heneff, or employ •» selected.council to act in her be- half and by her authority. But this council, in all cas*s, exer- cises a derived ard delegated power. In the composition of a given cotmcil, the Church has a right to select layinea only, or.....55d. . COMMERCIAL.—Tbe market for Certain descriptians of goods known.here before. Their appearance here, after this t>id continues ?airly active, with an advancing tendency; but in abortive attempt, evincing thdt they do not expect of5 13-lSd oth«r» thtre innot much doiuz. . Of Bacon, thore wers snles'ofThe stock in port i» estiniaited at 1,157,000 bales, of wbich l..*0(> nbds. J H S *ud Ba.bier's to speculators, at 12®12±3', the us to fawn after them, and basely .sell our manhood987X00 bales axe American. trade demand is light, and unaffected by the sal^s reforrod to. and honor as a State in order to gain their favor, is aST A TE O F 1 R . D E . — T h e advices from Manchester Butter has moved tree'y, w i'h saVw r f l 2<H) firkins old, at Wtb withering and biting rebuko to the servile D'ough-•»r© favorable- Prices ure »t--ady hut the demand baa be*n l>ic : 6(0firkir-schoice Horn, at 25®2fic.: 250 do. June Isthmus.. PaceB who set the infamous project on foot of makingchocked by tnfavor&ble crop weather. »x steacuer, at35c. L »rd\* less active; J. H. k. Co. has settled Minnesota virtually a Slave State. It needs no SlaveLIVERPOOL BRRADSIUKKS MARKKT.—The Bre*d- at njc," and is low at that figure, without indications of any bill to attract Southern visitors here. Our bracing furtherimprovement. Cheeseisworth14c,andI*scarce- Hams.Fair Orlean*... Middling Orleans I"sir Mobiles*.TJd.jMiddling Mobile* 64d. Fair Uplands"a. IMiddling UplandsRio, l4-a>l4£c, ; 45<),000 lb M<inilla arrived- yesterday, dull; sell at 10c. Dried apples mo7ebrl8tcly atT^llc. In 8ngars, a moderate business is doing in r i w , at a shade better rates; Refiners prices havearvanceoto13c.forA;la*tstdesofEatternwereat12'5>l2ic.;which took place at the town named:"On Friday, the 17th inst., there was the largest"wolf in steep's clothing," &c. Dr.'Richards was addressed by the Committee, or by members of the Committee, on the subject, and was quite willing to be examined by the Association for their approbation.In foreign and domestic Spirits there are few trans»cti ns with-.member of the Association, and therefore the Associa- tion had nothing.to do with him; also, that he was a member of the North field Church in good and regular standing, and that church, according to all Congrega- tional principles, as laid down iu the S*ybrook plat- form, and by 'he General Association of Connecticut itself, had a right to chooso him and ordain him, and install him if they pleased, as their pastor.. W e quote from Min. of Gonl. ABSO. of Conn., paga 28, Appendix (II):" Overtuie or Hartford South Association." The Comrr.i'tee to whom was referred the overture of Hart- foid South, asking whether it be consistent -with Coo£r*g«tiomiL principles for an AsBociation to ordain to 'he ministry, report:" Our Standards accord all ecclesiastical offices uud authority to the Church. Derived from Christ the Head, they rent over and only in the nuisbnrs. The Church, then, must ordain herwere taken to the Station-House, where thoy gave their namen and ages as follows, to Sergeant Williams:Clsra VViUou, aged 18, born in England : M%ry Ann Connor, t9, Ireland; Mary A nn Marks, 23, Ireland; J'xwphin* CHnt"n »7, Er jdand : MariaretTrouble, 16, Ireland ; Marj Brown, 19, Untt>»4 States; Elizslntb Got-emer, 23, Germany; Adotph Nfarks, ST, Prussia; Fredeiick Kielbar,'23, Germany; Charles Miller, 85, Germany.ST. JOSEPH, MO., Monday, Aug. 27, 1860. : themselves to be far more menial than even slavehold-Tbe warrant upon which the descent was maee, eota forth tbe plice a? a disorderly house, a resort for drunkards, common prostitutes, with other vile char- acters and dissolute men find women.In addition to the above, half a dozen others were arrested, but it appearing that they were not fre- quenters at the houeo, they were discharged. The others were looked- up.OIL FOR BOOTS AND HARNESS;—Some practice, and a good deal of reasoning from analogy, has proved thai the very best oil for all applications to leather is tha common castor oil (from the bean cf the Palma ChrUtasist that he either take license in due form, Or slop mothers fometimes nauseate thoir children. One ofconnected—Mr. Wesley, the business manager of The N. Y. , rtcognize the Atsorriation as on ecclesiastical body. It night at the Mercer House for the purpose of complet- people, who, beaotd by a baud of mnsic, escorted him A silver mine is said to have been discovered on the down from five thousand to about as many hundred, Times, has withdrawn from that .establishment, hav- has no ecclesiss'ical authority. Ic has,not power even ing its organization. After ifie transaction of some to Jarrett's Hot^ L A talute of 100 guns was fired in lower Frazer lead. Discoveries are also reported far- on accoant of his declaring for Douglas. I have heard ing sold out his interest (36-100ths) to some of the other to ordain a minister, t'> put one in his office, nor to put preliminary business the Committee on By Laws pre-his honor.•him out. -It is the prerug '.«iv« of the Churoh alone to sented tbeir report, the consideration of which occupied do" these things, and it docs not. follow that because thothe greater part of the evening.A fire took place*in Sacramento on the morning of and Co." It is a singular fact that Douglas makes his —Ollendorf, whose name appears on most Gram- Dr. Richards would ha«e gone on in his school, and in drinkhg ealoons or other improper places; but shall the 13thof Auguet, which destroyed the Union Hotel, "show of strength in this State by fighting on the Anti- mars of foreign language used in the United Spates, ie his miniatrations to u« .suacessfully and happily, if he not be held amenable when in citizens drees. The by-on tho north side of J . street, between Seventh and not a myth, -as many suppose, but a substantial mem- had been left to pursue his own course, and the course laws make provision for the payment of regular duee EiKh»b,andanumberofadjoiuiugbuildings. The Douglasplatform,setupatJeifersonCityybythead towbichhewasinvitedbyus,and we think thattotal loss was estimated at $800,000aud $900,000. The herentsof Jim Green! Mr..Phelps says he is confi- ber of the human family, who has amassed a large a great wrong has been done to him and to us and for a'vn'ion to members when sick. Any manBrig Wrecked.Cburch call the council of. ministers to do theso thing) ability. Indeed, its successisprobablyduetohisex- for thtm, thattheChurchescannotdothesethingstheiu-WHITA. il>:AD Saturday,Aug.25,via?The report was finally adopted. Attached tothe selvts. W e think there would have been no troubla if by-laws is an address which provides that no membereilver.Copper mines, in blocks too large for removal, muchthflsameasthoseuponLakeSuperior,aresaidtohavethat an item or two from him would' be-of interest toNorthern. Douglas sympathizers, n e stated that hepartners. Mr. W . was engaged in founding The Times, and has conducted its affairs with eminent•tfbeen discovered in fnormous quantities. Altogether agreed fully, with Mr. Breckinridge and the MissouriThebrurJohnBenson,Soearwater,hasbeen theaecouKt.seemstobeexaggerated. • platform—whichisidenticalwiththatof"Yancey ertionsquiteasmuchastoanyothercause. someofthesemkihtcrshadletusalone.Wethink'oftbe..organization,whileinuniform,shallfrequentGt-ySBOROVOM, N . S., Blond-iy, A ug. 27, 1860. $ ^rreeked—(JN'o date). The cargo and materials aresaved in a damaged state.• — Fire In Cincinnati.• CINCINNATI,Monday,Aug.27,1860. "Yesterday morning a fire broke out ia the upper Btory of the building occupied by James Collen as a jboot store, and P. W.Stanhope, commission store, consuming second, third, and fourth stories, and ex- tending to the store occupied by Ishara &, Fisher. Lo38$20,000; fully insured.Condition of the Ohio Kiver.firewassupposedtohavebeencausedbyanincendiary.ExcitementinfilaneoekCo.,III.ST. LOUIS, Monday, Aug. 27, 1860.dent,therewillbebutoneticketinthefieldinNovem- ber—that Douglas was bound to whatever the Su- premeCourt decideinthepremises,audthatacaseisfortunefrombisGrammars. HeresideBinParis,and frequently advertises in The London Times, • in order tocautionthepublicagainstthemanybogus Ollendorff, circulated under his name. He, however, plagiuizedaho,by£heoppositiot and assaultswhich have been whenMckwillreceiveastipulatedsum in,additionto made upon him aT,d ue iu the public jburmlB, espcpmry his bill for medical attendance.in- The Independent, aod tbe recent events ia Litch- There v\ill he four lectures delivered a year, aud fourConsiderable excitement exists in Hancock Co., HI., now being prepared in Kansas, which would berelative to a rumor that the Mormons intend returning brought before the Court, covering the whole ground his systom from the late Jean Manesca of this city.Sfi ' tfully believe wcio tho reeult of extreme irritation, ot liged to attend. No officer will be elected until thaand eettlirg at Naavoo, under the lead of Joe Smith, in dispute, aud when decided in a manner which all jr. A mass meeting of the citizens was held at the South knew it would be, it would " heal all back- Carthage on the 21st, who protested against the re- slidingp," and the party thereafter would he a unit, ifA*DISAPPOINTEDLOVER ATTEMPTS SUICIDE.—A young man named Jeremiah Miller, residing at Valatie, Columbia County, has, for some time past, been des-amounting almost to frenzy, in consequence of contin- roll Dumber one hundred m*n. R«>shC Hawkins was utd and "pemstent attacks in The Independent, under- elected President, of the Association, J . J . Delaney stoodtobavefmaratedfromthesf»roesourceasthatof Vice-President,HenryBaldwinTreasurer,andIsaac •hefi1et Association. Indeed, in tbis whole matter of Cohen Secretary. They have resolved to udopt the the." Litchfield South Association" versus the Rev.Dr. tame atxle of uiuform a* worn by the French Zounve Richurds, it is well understood that Mere bus been but ol the (5uard. The color of the dress has not yet been one sole ager t from tbe beginning to the end. It is ona decided upon. thingnottoapproveaman,butquiteanotherthingto_ PARXKRSKLRO, V A ., Monday, Aug. 27, 1860.The Ohio Eiver at this poiut—the terminus of the turning, and declared they would not allow them to do not before that time. ' "'.'so. No one not conversant with the Slave States can perately in love with a young giil of that village, andBaltimore and Ohio ltailroad—has risen *even feet andisstillrisiog.Boatmen#-xpre«wtheopinionthatnavi- TneSt.Eonls,AltonandChicagoproperlyappreciatethetruthofyourstatementsinre- becauseshepreferredtheattentionsofanother,hoATTEMPTEDSUICIDE.—ACAPABLEDROOIST.—gation may oe ccn»id*red fully resumed for the season JOT all landings on the Ohio and'Mh-sissippi Jttivers.Tne Prince to Vinit Boston.BOSTON, Mond*y, Aug. 27, 1860.Mayor Lincoln has letters from the Duice of New- 077 62—increase over the same-week in 1859, $7,066 49.gard to the despotism of Slavery over the_ minds asd actions of non-sluvoholdii(g white people jn, the Slave States. A Democratic census taker in an adjoining county, told me the other day that full half#of. theassau t hia character, and Seek to destroy him through tbe publ'c paoe.rs. A n dWhereat, Eifoitsof tbe 111'oA perriet«*nt and stringent chwao- er have bern mnde.iind »re t-till beintf made to'desttoy both the Christinn and the manly character of the Rev. James Riohard*,D. D., amoniber of thih church, -Received, Th»twegive to'Dr Richard*the assurance of ourYesterday aJWrooon, a girl, named Calluuine Gordon* aged r><^!*Kailroad.ST. LOUIS. Monday, Aug. 27, 1860. The total earnings for the. third week in AugeiBt orattempted to drown himself, and was. with difficulty rescued from a watery grave. A few days dnoo his rival was married to.the object of his affections, and the following night Jeremiah was found hanging by the neck in Mr. Rothhone's paper mill by the foreman of17 years, living at N o . 98. Grand str*«t, w a s discovered to 0 0 t na dl t 2the St. Louis, Alton and Chicago Kailroad, -were $28,- people of that county were Republican in principle,»tittering frrm the effect* of prison. She was « »f * *i Ll!!!" moved to the New-Yoik tlcspital. when Dr. Harris attended nor, nud afl'<rd. d her temporary relief. <\ . «iS u i c i d e .INDEPENDENCE, ulonday, Aug. 27, 1860.A youncrman named Edward Putf committed sui- cide here on Saturday by shooting himself with a shot-And yet in that county, whore but about half of the that establishment, who cut him down jast in time,totpbit needs snppt rtWhereat. The jeproacbes heaped upon htm are.forconductanterior to his profession in this church of faith ia a »utl"eriug Savior ,hetolved. That with those transactions w o have, and will have,. nrthing to do. Our watch and fellowship has no connection witheventswhichshouldh»v«beenlongagoforgotten.icqulred. Returning home, in the eourte rf^^aKIStfiK took aqua»tit) of the a-seulc for the |urpo.e of^n""*1** .uielde. ThephvsiclanhashutUttloh<T>esofberw>oorery.. FIRES—A lire occurred last evening in the^ooea>led building No. 9 Vaudewater street, but it w*«sp««<u«7* GingoUhed. Itwa»thoworkofanInoeudUry. ^ Q^UI l"a»t nhjht a fire broke out in the b&sauieut of Ho- * » *•*«—FalUnc of a Church at Bristol, R. I. gun. He has a father va New-York, and a brother in terance, and the cry of " insurrection ^ o n g our. The first volume of Cassell's Illustrated FamilyBRISTOL, Monday.Aug 27,1860. At 41 o'clock this morning, the roof aadrsar wall of the Episcopal Cburcb, in course of erection, feU with a great noise. The end and side walls are considerably damaged. Cause, defective columns. No one was in-jured. •< I..Covington,Ky.Weather Report.ST. JOHN'S, N. F.. Monday, Aug. 27,1800. Wind west: weather clear; thermometer 80°. CapeRace—Weatherfoggy.slaves",meetsanyattemptatcirculatingtruthfuldocu- Biblehasbeenissued. Fourmore will complete the TWhereat, W e believe l>r. Richurds has been influenced in hisjahors heiehy motlvea as pure and hi ly as are the promptings street. Damage slight.theugh they were not aware ofit, not haying any op- portunity to know what Republican principles are.Shethen stated tb»l «he night before she had purchased,* MU tn ounce of arsenic at the drug store of C. 8. Hut^hi^g*.jr. « o -adults read and write and where there are but a little over three hundred negroes to some sevea thousand whites, not a Republican BDeech has been allowed ut-save his life. .",-•'•* *ment* ! " But the good time is coming.' MISSOURI^ undertaking. No Illustrated Bible has ever equaled• It may be of interest to some old Whigs now inPro-Slavery ranks to know thaV there are places ia.in the hearts of many other ministers, even of those who say to this in the artistic merit of its pictures. None ever hlui, "Stand aside, for we are holier thwi thou." . •„, _ , . -A boy named Henry^Lk RAILROAD ACCIDENT.THE CASE OF RE V.JAS. RICHARDS, D.D, The spirit, erusbod aod broken, may reoelvo t MOtbinf bafca which is Republican in politics. It is conducted with THE NORTHFIELD CHURCH vs. THKIR AD-ability, its principal editor''being .Dr.. Adolf Dona', formorlyofTexas,whorehebecame knownasanad- vocate of freedom. « '—The Republicans of South Byron, New-York, had. a lively demonstration on Friday evening, four or five Wide-Awake Clubs turning out for a torchlight parade. An imprompta collation was eaten, and a variety of—On the 6th of September, tbe Republicans of TheCongregationalChurchandSocietyinNorthfield, ^ ^ ^ & % % ^ HTA-sSSfiE Ingham, Eaton, Clinton, Shiawaxen, and Jackson will Conn., having been somewhat widely the subject of "TS^SSSS^m D'C-ARCHILL,Clerk, hold a mats meeting at Lanbing, Michigan. The peo- bl'me for having received and sustained the ministryple will be addressed by the Hon. W. H. Seward, oftbeRev.James Riobards,D.D.,ofLitchfield,begBenjamin F. Wado, Austin Blair, J. M. Howard, ,R.leave now to state to the public a few f*«ta, whichDESCENTUPON A DISORDERLYINFAMOUS OUTRAGE.HOUSE.E. Trowbridge, F. W. Kellogg and others. There tboee who have felt it their duty to oppose them aud,will be a cavalcade, a!torchlight procession, a free col-tbe Rev. Dr. Richards, have for some reasons bestboth run on a tieVet voted throughout the S:ats,' theywill bo elected by an overwhelming majority. .The . —The Republicans.of Erie, Penn. and the country one of the settled pastors in the neighborhood, h8*e stated that about four days previously she hast been,engaged by Mary Ann Marks, th» wife of theround about, propose to hold a Mass Convention oh the was request+d by the pastor' of the Noribfield Churchbelief exists, and justly; too, that tbey were constantin their attendancenpon duty, at Washington, aa'dthatthey were especially true to our favorite '• Hoiniasteadmeasure," and hence the enthusiasm for ihem. Sena-tor Wilkinson, for his coureo on this measure, so vitato the interests of tho West, and in fact, when prop Carl Schurz, of Wisconsin; Joshua R. Giddings, of he believed most unjueUj—in soch a way and for such ening to leave the place, tbe landlady deeieted in her—The Republicans of Philadelphia dedicated theirnew wigwam on Saturday ovening. The Inquirersays the enthusiasm exceeded anything ever known in ceeded to do. After having been engaged ia that city for a loDg' time. There was a very brilliant this ministry to us for a few months, one of thoneighboring ministers made soma opposition }o it. and extensive Jdbplay of Wide-awakes, and there and subsequent y, at the annual meetiug of the Con- wore speeches from Messrs. Neal, Moore, Mann, sociation and Association df "Litchfield South," a White, Kelly, and others. The building Would not complaint w«s made to the Association by a member of that body. The ncember making the complaint brought%•hold half the crowd, and outside meetings weie organ- ized. . . •—James Pinckney Hambledon, Editor of the Con- federqey at the South, thus piles it up on SecretaryCobb:'"-Prometheus-like, he stands chained to the rock of, Last night Captain Palmer, accompanied by Sergeant to that meeting a frrm. of action already prepared Soud*-r and a squad of men made a descent upon theublic incredulity, and with a fungus liver gorged toable to such a result.Church."county,enlivened theglorious occasionwith cheerful his qualifications—with everything, in short (as'we muBie. In our own delegation was a large wagon ,are told by some of the members), except that therea blue scarf, passing across the bosom to the waist, upon the motion of the member who had first com-havingonittbenameof aState,printedinblackona plained, atPlymonth, as we are informed, that thewhite ground, which, together witha similar badge on decision be deferred some three weeks or more, till the other shoulder, and a Republican banner in letters could be sent to New-Orleans, and elsewhere,Castor oil, if bought by the gallon, is not expensive. It was manufactured a few years ago in Illinois and sold at fifty cents a gallon, and tho beans were grown as a field crop at fifty cents a bushel. It is well worth the whilo of farmers to give castor oil a trial as a lu- bricator ot leather.this region where, in former days, Whiga were treated approached its combined beauty of printing and cheap- cipltue for acts committed sinoe his membership with us, he has EaiUoad, at 1-iity-elghtL street and Kou.th ^ ^ ^ w ^ y T ^inthosamemanner!Untitled Documentneee, '•'•.,•wtho Conventional Church »nd Society in Nortbfteld, Conn., at o full mtetbg, Aug. 17, I860, with the roqucfct that you will pub- lish it In TKH N . Y . TnintWK.* EDWA&P HOPKINS, Moderator. D. C. CHUKCHlLIi, Clerk.tffiESSin ^ ^ ^ ^ t o g publicon e«th, «ulto theCbrfas-W e Will say no more at prevent, exeeot that wMUwe have staud nothfa,. hot what i«Z£Z£*£L Tne*and can be proved to be *», we have not g " , X ffmwe miflht in r<sp*ct to some of the latin* JZ„+M*JIwith this cas*. HBut wLh the 2^JZ£Z£??%*vtilHng to abide the i » p « t W ^ 5 ! ^ L T L S stirringspeechesweremade. . - • DR. RICIIABDS AND THE LITCHFIELD SOUTH men. -rASSOCIATION.conscience frtm guilt) that ho hiniBtlf did not in con- ber to receive a man into her room. Mr*. Mank« be- —On Saturday, the .18th inst., ten. tbousand.Repub ference feel bound very n uch to respect it. Still he coming infuriated at the refusal of the girl, beat herHe had livtd in the town for nearly three years, audBut notwiths'anding these objections the Associa-—A correspondent in Salem, Marion Co., III., in the tion concluded to take up tae matter, and appointed a plant), and identical with that with which carsfalcourse of a letter full of enthusiasm at the refreshing Committee to remonstrate with Dr. Richirdn, and in-making inquiries- respecting the Rev. Dr. Richards s character, six. eight and ten years before bis coming to Litchfield, and antecedent to his profession of re- ligion in Northiield.hand, included the becoming regalia ia which ourtableau of the Union was so beautifully repre-sented. At 11 o'clock the speaker of the day,the Hon. Richard Yates, candidate for Governor, wasreceived at the depot, together with Messr3. Alien.Gil-lespie, and Phillips. At 2 p. m., speaking was began- try, as we have reason to believe. There were thosein a grove close to town, into which the enthusiastic who thought the Association ought to have been satis-crowd poured, huzaairjg at every step, to the tune of fitd with what was known of Dr. Richards for theHail Columbia. Mr. Yates gave a masterly explica- three years,be had been in Litcltfield. But the letterstion of Republican principles. He was followed by were sent to know if such and such things wenrc sound met lust night at the headquarters of the SixteenthThis was deemed quite unjust by some of the minis-W l ato be^o?«S'L ^"" £07>4«* church ore. of rhrMou«H*V7bicn AvJ le w drills every week, two of which the*membersare > " -e certainly greatly deplore, weResolved, That untilMtrllclontcause shall arise for.chturoh dis- iftjustolaimonunfor.ouruympatby,oursupport,wtdourprayeni. UtfuredTUnwMt*kcutobiaresidenceNo.!•«»»wa«"*Hamilton, waarunover by looooootlve "No. JM, •» d ft^a-. : • •• - '• • -...:•••- -•:•••9.'•• '•-•.ess• •r-'.-'„fi.•*•} '••)•• '••'• •:^:% .,.••Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York1:: J: ij:: '^•m--^^r--^/.m ••-^S-W.^.-,:., . jj ,. * .306www.fultonhistory.coma«Mii&s^a&j&fefem 