 % yfl»-SrtJEttes> irBw.TmoE. noDiT. sot. it. taw.^Kett-gtrti >tett0, itjittp, Kwictnbcr K, iWi.Pro- mnv^iA^imaKimM i^Mft poaOtmnous indigutioB after the Prince saving distrast of telegnphic "tk* WKW-TOnC miM (IhUyJ to pBbUibed ereiTof seven electors sje BepublicanSlave law, might be ^ipeased. The complaint has lost one Congreaaman, and the consoli-neigh-In theofthtags,oraiatud eT«iafl-<itoktMOiaa.NrT*d*tIf that- officer was»•MW-TORKmas(Wee»Ir)-Two»«;^ plaintoftheKorthis,thatA victories throughoutofspecial— :,««,t»»e.pl«TM«D0LL^;«""S^^S^aimi-Wtekl, aawakir maitU,CtattyMn»ia»lowtMt who has a conscience and a heart—namely,polled. indifferentrioitfteto''AMI lOASMV-.Iordinary process of c<d]ef(iivin the announcement that Mr. Cobb, a Bepresenta-tive in Congress from Alabama, is strongly op- 'posed to disunion, as are also Gen. Uill30N, Bepctaentative from Virginia, and various otherprominent Southerners, ftom whom we have hend. The Press, too, of Tirginia, North Caro- lina, Tennessee. Kentucky, Louisiana, and other of the Southern States, is generally;Disunionists of the South, we shall hear astill louder howl. They will be horrified at course as if these misstatements were trueConsuls or with in which, to a or less extent, greater8 Arsenal, K. C,rwigedsecession methodiMig of avoiding—provesthat the hue and cry about the non-positionare with the Government ofthe United States.the stockholders of a Bank or Insurance Com-isAll their Ministers are accredited to that Gov- pany at their annual election of a President of stationagainst any possibleit.Oov.prosperity, with a certainty of progress in themarines at Norfolk and Pensacola.ThaState, uhIm* such a movement shall' becomethanin that city.otherwith-gaearai thranghoiitItai is so eleariy indicated as to render such a pro-of just so much political capital, and they can-tliem to their duty, and added to these are all.i||isagamrei>eated,butEnglishjournalsexpressthe hope that a movement so injudicious will not be carriedout. ThenewsfromItalyhasbeenalready tnllv communicated by telegraph. It is otficially denied that the Sardinian General, Ci.iLDi.M, was | defeated, as reported, by the Neapolitan force. It is also denied that the French actually iiitertorrd to prevent the iKjmbarilmeiU ol Capua, but it is pDs- itively Mr.iiour.cctt that such are the Frencli .\niiii- ral's orilc.o. il occasion calls for his iiitcn cation.to'•sponsesever.such action on theof for- part anyThe death of Samuel II. Babxks. Canal f \>in- niissioiier elect, is announced. His demise tookvassers^when it Will be the duty of Governor Mor- gan to appoint his successor.upa man or a party V On one point only is there in a day, nor in a year. She may go out by the Departments in question will be placed list of the entire fleet— soas thereAM thisnamely,what scarcely needed proof aof the highest present honor andISQC.S., racraitaiv Louisville, haveaaTheBoardofCanvassers, yesterday,canvassedj—or rather let us sayatourof.man,But possibly he may be commissioned by as were arrayed ag^nst each other in the they all retain their positians, and are stffl an-IiI\;!i—, <„.-^^ --<•.--Any United States.any man fool enoughmarines, of whom 64 are on board, present a soldier-•ea.BlMb HmandSvieee wtntiSBBi^^nmoihvtbtfvnitBfiifwttVWttWT^pKm*J&Mt tidtat WsjMtelObiigadto.appealtotheOoa- andof.si^>rteTdonutiOB,ttumthe||ie«tererOiaitfnalbr left thethis moaaeat buri«d inThe Indi ot .wftrtw^ tfaeLaMdMt»ikat ^Ouir. etirs, nilapBiiqK mdaen\m^ einiie fiirtnaef^h^aT'tbiSSitr al trade piaaaalad «», tamad^aUa gmptaitlvato Ar inftnntiM n|ioff tUspofait. that will eveatnkte froai any weakoouce*- bridge, ia to eany the,Kut&uoviMn tochanges.^^^ .Tbe fasittre SfaiTe Uiw.Tba eotiia Fadoj|i.Tpte npan888of sion mmjority, 1,607. This, then, is the entitetzene «r the lidioaloas.We rentured the otlMr daj aaplanbywhichthesectionalatiggeation hostility, grow-in tbe determination of whieh would be leaa frequent and disaster leaaout of the non-execntioD of theThe MEW-TOBK TDHS (airf-ir««U|r)-tm»« Do"^ on the part of the South is that they are de- dated parties opposed to it notwithstandingi^X ingprived of their property, \yj the refiisal of the;that partyNorth to iiilfiU an'Court of Inquiry. passIf,to aeite and surrender to o(onrjXbUteamu.Priae,iawrswen, petualSSkrerjramanwhohasescapedthere-•ikkntaa. S|»diBenBiiab««ft)rw«rt«<leB»»lIe»tlm. tax mOBS FOB CAUFORNU U pabUihad OB Uiohopelessandper-PoaitioB of tkeCoBBtry—Attitude North aad Sonth.illj,l,ii•toomU* for rim^ oopiM.yesterday morning CBAauatos, Wednesday, Nor. 14.nantlyseized.ton denies that there has been aay iaterfS|f^fl•< t^ Niw-TOBS TnoK Hov-Tork City.from. Here ia theirrepressible''*tbeydiscourtesy and ill-will, which might else haveThe Collectorruli Innr'T'-'T i> adTusa. JSWMTftobooddraiedtoH.J.RATKOIIDkCO..a claim ofconscience and hnmanlty oa the otltei.WesuggeatedacaninoiDise,bywliidiboth complaints might be met,—the South re-atthia moment. Having exercised an undonbted foraulsepatatian to open favorable nagoUatioBS withof theportofaitea Cjh ^tUa Sraalac. ^IMU—Psnu AB> rural—manrepresentingProbably this piece of qews is deemed highly important by the rJass of persona ifbr^*"T^"f^*Pi*yW 'rfcAlBW WBB TUB.KOT iNrmntT fHSinOC-Tn GoLBEit Axi-VtpropqeitioiibeforethepuUic,men ofrespectaUe intelligonce,twenty-fourdouncihnen,foity-fournecesdty interpiiMitioaOftba 'TntrtCOM.'..Expressingoui own lack of confidence in itand allowed tovote at eleciions, speakoftrict togetherwithafullataffofSchool Com-Presidentis tam^ to see that Qte lawsBOmftr TSKitKE—bUJtiHO Jc Bosuo' Cncn.BAiamra aimUV-Oar and Xmlav-WuT Is It Tas a ptaetioal remedy, we sufanitted it to the whole Soutiiem country a persistent miastato- Sonth Carolina as already an independent missioners, School Trustees sad School In- executed. So long as they are Tolnntaci^ . '—Aaoo CauBiaH—Bmb Euua.public judgmentWe are not in the least surprised at its re- simply to rectify these misstatements is de- can be induced to return to the Union. Some though their election will excite far less pub- for interference.HOOLir ftOAllFBKU.'a,Nlbio>fSalooa-KiaiOFiuiception. All the organs of the miscalled nounced as offensive. If any man in the talk of a Minister Plenipo. having already been lic clamor than was raised by the Fusion Com- 'BicoMuis iMPATmn.—The m»- ftrpuhllnaan,. .aca.'propertypartpositionforeignConsols bere areama- This forbearance entitles them to considera- tionexplicit injunction of the"" conflict:anyon the onea hand, plaaof tlie Northern \are in a curiousSeinetbe Slate. /( ii tmitrtUt* tkantftQtotku."North, snbmitllng to this pecimtary expenseduring the first week of next month, onr eiti-trusted men, Con- can be no for (he ^peoplemandingthemintoSlavery Tliismaybeallstowed, to be used Is case of need. Tbe eignPowerwouldbejustcauseofwarwiththe will supported,irrespectiveofparty,by smart,intelligent-lookingmengenerally; andthewrong.Constitution, and greatly to be censured and condemned. But it is a fact none the less-Istliat France ortolike appearance. The day guard is regularly in uni- *'.was 61,-sions.iBdoVMdeaoe of teoth GmoHmi. The fools are not all dead yet We mon-'Congrev ; tli« entile Republican vote, G0,876Fn^tiTebor, the Herald,—fot if they were, that esti-mable sheet would have neither editof, corre-spondentnorreaders. Theraceis immortaL"lives, that unrivaled journal will have no lackweorders of his quarter they stay eomei 7iD» Constitation. On the other hand the com- ty of fifteen hundred, out of one hundred and iand exclusiveareto perfoi^ an act leptignant to tbe moral umphsense and common of man • homanlty eTeiytheofIt deserves to be rememberedtheyrequiredI!quartersofthewortditwillhaveitifitishebein- and con-I:— Ithe Federal Government is nowhere ratialaft'' weloMne, The Charieston ^etrttry deniea my'ia^p-'^—fresh insult from the overbearing North, and rebellion, secession, anarchy and bloodshed.foreignPowers inany wayor manner. ITei-principles1Company of Artillery ;at Forttbe proposition. It will only be regarded as a statements will be made a fresh incentire to the speediestfrom a Union under which such diabolical propositions are tolerated.view the subject with cool reflection.our nation standing towards other nations innear Batonpossible escapeatives and officersmoon. AU their dealings, of whatever kind, party motive in its exercise as that made byBarracks,fail to do so, there areles* ooDsiden that tbe s^itiment of Kary- justment oi snch a grievance deprives them among those who have chosen them, to forcethe South. -He doabt- political opponents. Any compromiseor ad-theyenough,even—Government —local contest of themonth.istartled the woriduniting also refrained firomtionwiththeExecutive.TheDecemherEleeUva. At the charter election wbidi taliesthe that Fort repprtMoottrfebta^'for President a their viewa, and feeling in cerringthefagitiveslavesortiielrvo/weat theirinrnoetheartsthattheyhavenotinthatthrgliavettnmdf/uU;.-.the hands of the OenenlGovenunent,and the';act or in their ovrn sentiments entertained any idea of uakindness or injustice to their fellow-whose edification and alarm it wasIt is quite of a piece, however, with much ofer diare>-'':\.constitutional in rightelecting1foreignpolitical are involved. It was the wise de-Companies of Artillery ;i'Ihopegood, that Ministers canslavesIt is precisely like the hanging of Nortliern new States applying to be admitted with Sla-form from flag-up" to simdown. The lower decks The great struggle will centre upon the nine contain the officers' sleeping apartments and the mid-Southern States.Yf n unconstitutional, and a great outrage onWoodfor the only thought, to sacrifice all the .other offices forRoyal family bed. There men undergoing punishment at present on board. Her officers say that verj- httle is eVer neces-t^arv with them.The squadron, of wluch the is con- Brrengutla one,agitiitors;districts,beingready,it istiltvijilitsall claim on at bis residence in Norwich, on Wednesday jusl as- well look these questions in the face the part of the Federal Government to inter-helpedCitymoments of defeat, tlie Anti-Republican Party of a Committee of fifteen to obtain at the North was enabled to console itself, hasfor the Territories. In practice, the Republi-been busy since in withdrawing their names, and explaining how they came there, gentle-few of these are willing to make the sacrifices of personal prejudice which may be called forAcosta and Seraph Galendo;other officers, J. M.enterprise,and suggesting theLouis Garcea G. Lobi, U. Paria, Corlenell,for allthat,and both sectionsmayarecompensated :and heabjureshis hands tbeof the Street andthe necessary information, were unanimously very nearly vanished before oflicial figures. recognize Freedom as the rule Slavery the— menontheother side of tbe House have been before their objectofadopted.Theonlyfeaturesofinterestin theproceedingsof the Boari of Aldermen last night, was the re-ception of a communication from all the Justicesof the Superior Court, coiuulainmg of the inade-quate accommodation afforded that Court for the erage majoritytransaction of business in tlie building now allotted was also a Congressman gained in the Essex sole point at issue, and every one may see was made responsible for that invasion.—Mr.Tlie first returns consigned New-Jersey to the credit of Fusion. The seven electors upon that ticket were reported as chosen by an av-but the Anti-Ilepublicans demandthat the laws should recognize slaves as prop- readers, probably,the There are in serviceable condi- Spanish Navy. ttto it, and a.-Ocing that better accommodation should Di.strict, the case seemed to furnish some rea-be aflbrded then. On the motion of Alderman son for felicitation. But the official returns which men and OwiBS, the two rooms on the second floor of the may honestlySmith sued several of them for libel, andcompetentcontest. Certainly there are of right no po-whichtlie is V, and» steam frigates, of Btrmgvtlabrown-stons building in the Park, now occupied have sadly damaged the tale. They read as that it is not of immediategle :party man, who should refuseby tl«e General Term of the Supreme Court and the Court of General Sessions, were appropriatedfollow sto the use of the Superior Court, in compliance 'J. C. Horaiilower .5ti,345 -Will. Cookit does not affectnumber of thetraction :with the petitios. Where the General Sessions •Andrew K. Hay.and otliers, who coSld be6a,387 will move to ia a matter for future consideration, -ihas. E. Elmer .18,334 »Theo. Kunyon. .. .6-J,309may operate in short, it not of a character to give cause and reasoncandidatesan ad- The nominations of the variousbut they will probably be held in the Special Ses- sions room at the Toombs, as they formerly were. 1b the Board of Cotmciimen, little besides the usual routine Inisiness was done.58,210 .56,18J David Thompson. .58.322 Edmund Brewer .57,801;The Coast-Guard of Spato is mau>- tt feluccas, and 87 estampena.:to allowXSPUKLlCA^.any largeNiw-Yo», Oct.25, 1880. Drar ilr—Atwut a year ago there was published, over the names of tUlrty-one geo- tleroen, forming the Bxecutlve Committee of th«partyFouitaentli Wards. The only errors ofwere in the Fifth District of the Sixteenth Ward, DocGiAS. The two Breckinridge and the two terms applicable.gret for the error and wrong you.It ieems proper that we should also say that the ad-— grenadierwhich eihibited great carelessness on theofback for correction. The dispute relative to the First, Beventh, and Seventeenth Wanl.s was madedress inquestionparticular "thespecialorder for to-day.WATTS SHERMAN. SAMVEL L. 11. BARLOW, ROYAlPHELPS.crow-bar," suffered from much stitutional nervousnesstrates the stock-broker. Rumoruur past history. p^ThaIntheC'.ourtof and OyerTenniuer, vesterdar,formed a of the esooct on the ooeaaioB of Presi-dismissed, the of the languagepay.TheydefendantIn the Surrogate's Court, by the will of Elsib Sco- flXLO. now admitted, the Juvenile Missionary So-of the Second-street Protestant Cfaweh gets a benefice of $loo.without abaseless fabrication, such is the trem-datyEpiscopalsuspension. This,Tlie Stock Market was unsettled yesterday by rtiaaoia froia Baltimore and other points in regard to llaoay aSdrs, but generally a fair dem.ind wasral votes for Mr.ton interest drew a votedesperateant of adverse opinion,ab- have succeeded incitizens of Boston yesterday held a meeting inwhollyuloub stale of the market, sufficed to destroyconfidence, and before it stocks receded. A writes: "At PortUndQianifttledTork Central dosed 7S(fFu.sion candidates lashing Republiians, .ind may just- they feel that theyfew hoursand better informationEngland,whom"^ -"""don VAmonagVmarket ahows a steadier confidence, thoughproduced Baltimore Bank in the:importanceThiStock-Mariet —The famousPlavi.ngA."t Oi.DGamk.the same con- which remittcntly pros-TheAlb«»TBnrgeMeaC«rrs.A DisTi.NCTioN WITHOUT A mmaiKca.killing Dasifl Hobsigan in August last, and ac-quitted. Stivunb, who was indicted with him.will be tried shortly. In the tieneral Sessions,four prisoners were sentenced to Sing Sing, onn ever, denote the realbeing convicted of an assault with intent to kill.mjjjoritypaidand many other measures of Iniquity, recently V>-In the ca.-* of a woman indicted forury were unable to agree and were discharged. In the Common Pleas, before Judge Hilton, liie eomplamt in the Twelfth Ward School case wasnesday was handsomelybigamy,there was a as the third ticket, knownno other part than that of a mischief-castoD of Mr. At once there Liacoisc's Inaagnratlon.part!ji:Scw-YTkToMt:intheMr. BcoHAKAS:Perhapsparade mayof thefor the leadmg Railway Shares. New- plurality successfulits refusal tomay Wales. The whole (^ this business is post-while ctohn,e^ayo^e^ka.|2S: ersmgh^eh^a^d^se^e^n^da^r_-'veryhave been a little moregentlemenwithout of slanderis tlic food dentBiJCHANAa'sInauguration,appearance to|i!The for whichihecboic*ofthe Ameileaa people.i'thirty years,receivedpart appearance the offer ofthecent., Erie 31*. The over the successfulandAnd so we stand. Tliere is nothing for the founded on national grievances belonginsrMonayrates keeptenns are made both on Merchant and Banker's were also a dozen or so ehctoral candidates,onlyhad weathered the run*;rtb%lou;:was•Theany specific evil,but ;liecause because what itat has de-National presentedDouglasParty.figuresitsattemptWall- Panic suc-Scudder..S8,S23!sUas57,553outpouringsdayscompleted by of next week..-hip-shape- a «eek, and person.s having proper pa»w marof four thousand, and as thereproperty,frigates, ratingfrom 32 to 434 »re Corvettes ;«>,315!*Joel Parker •Edwanl W. Ivins. .58,341 PeicrD. Vroomdecided, no man can tell how-Geo. II. Brown...58,335Alexander VVurtsname with a " CentralIsaac W.tbe returns from the Ninth, Sixteenth, Tenth, and terisk, four of the number being Republicans, of the Southern Statesfor the.it that,suspicious. organizationsw the middle or lat- We shall then havefishermenIri'SIO.N.K.iai ple of even the Southern States that when ;of vice, independent inglUUmeneach. ThereConditThe Electors chosen are indicated by an as-for the excitedof wrath..slon which liad occvirreu,a fewbefore, at Har-befte Fu- sumofthissin^esodaingnlarvictory: fouroutendless trading, in manipulation and corruption,have secured no more thaa this idtifnl majori-It isincapable to die."And sointelligence from all ernor toproper jus-is falsehood in infetence,twenty-fourthousand ballotstri- oflbetnotonlyto our than was the result portant tax-payersaof the The people of this country, particulariy ofthere isclined to do in thehopeof this sortis to an avalanche offree North.veryeveryhave notake care of the fugitiTes. All agree in scout- Republicans are made responsible opin- be accredited nations whoseto only independence ac- and that therepnrpoae. Do the other seceding States intend to disap-point oui; jnst expectations in this respect t— Uxiteo Statzs Tboofs at TBI South. As—ions and principles we have never entertained,persons byof the Novemberand of the partiesstruggle country.to thepoliticiansing the proposition. The Republicans mustnot expect to heal the bleeding wounds of theUnion by any such process as that. When we avowed and defended them. Even more is no "In a wise effort toment of local affairs lh>m the::onlyformallyseparate entanglementsand are opposed with the same rancor as if—Consul" in the State of Sonth ofthe leaders of Southern feeling in-slst that their followers shall pursue the same whatever to do withThat is possible,on the 6th of December. Tbe date of the Georgia for lack of a sensation, if it could no longer choice. What real evil can they then effect ? sion to another Power to which Sonth Carolina complete ticket for all the vacant offices.in theof thrar official dutiea."'-'- " "ceeiBng nuec^sary_. state Conventions are to behispresentThe Republicans will, of course, nominate agageddischarge^-.those who have thought proper to oppose their !The Herald would starve Cotwwitioa is not indicated. The resignation howl over the propensity of the North to steal Nonecalled in Georaia and Al«h«m»—not afford the loss.in the latter StateTha Syaalah Mb.tT'ASBIVAL OT TBI nUOATS BKKKBOITaijL—SrAalSK vkssels IX TBI eeiiT or xaxico.a( Senator OuofOND, of South Carolina, isinoBcifiate. He does not choose to wait negrountS the inaufuration of Hr. LdiColn would be deprived of a very large share of itstakes place, but has already forwarded directions stock in trade, if this bone of contention have contemplated no injustice;so, also,slaves. And the Journal Commerce ofFeelingcised our undoubted right, that in doing so weMinisters and Consuls to South Carolina they will not do so imtil her independence has^ thus conscious that we have exer-Hall will do likewise Breckinridge, Mozart,in accordance with former Southern demands. HewiUcomplywiththeConstitu-;pellerfugitives and re-in violation of the injunctions of the tional requirements to deliver fugitive slavesmen upon the* other, we trust that the former be all who desire an honest administration of oursupposeit? Co/^OTi—say the South. But they get Aldermen to be chosen for the odd-nJmbered dies' mess-rooms. The Commander's chamber ishe will notopposeEnglandislikelytomunicipal affairs.That isof tliP Nortli. But it cannot be owners of slaves themselves desire it andin theverySlavery in the District of Columbia unless theMayorthe sake of securing men who will place inportraits hangscansinsist that these lawsshonld be made toTwazello,R. Freye, D. E. Lurate, D. J. Beriter, and others.exception;;;that if itbeen,notcratic, Democratic German, and all the otiierat thia port was briefly noticed In oar issoe of ;day. Is now lying off the Battery, SQd attnels c;for_s|rfritgentlenessin Older io save _t)teii otuiscienUpus scruples. countrymen, they nevertheleas perceive that the talk of the street about secession. Many zens wiU be called upon to choose nine Alder-gaidanyiawafOonqglci^So king as this e^tode is pnaerved, theivWefiiiew themainly to see whftt reception it would meet.III,thecitizensoftheSouthernStatesareterribly incensed, and in their anger axe preparing for violentresistance. Theysee,moreover,inthe—with ijxe management of their own business, stables," Union movement " are horrified at the sug- South should publicly declare that the princi-sent to France, and of another as ready to de-mittee, in its efforts to defeat the choice of athis course going to tbe extent ofIn this case, what are we to do ? l.«t us whom they can have dealings of any kindWe see,—a choice as free from; Barraneas Pensacola, Ha., 1 CoB^iuy ot Ar-1Bonge,La., CompanyofAitiileiy.IiBtCHXK. of Virginia, it will be seen, has execution of the Fugitive-Slave law, on the same direction to an extent never knownbeenprevailedupontoc»llanextrasessionoftheIj«fialatuie of that State, to consider the present part of these journals, is pure humbug. Noth- since the world began. Under the Institutions sul has to treat of any question whatever, as political organization is not so easily to becondition of afiairs. Keeping in recollectiou the ing would grieve them more than to have that which have brought us to this position, we the agent of a foreign Power, is derived from shaken off ; and though we beUeve and trust The Ikdictxd HA)aoa-]lACTza8.-4t nu^'baactioo of the Tirginia Legislature op_ the occasion law faithfully and qnietly executed, unless, it have done as we have always done heretofore, his the Federal Government. that most of onr of the visit of a Commissioner from Sooth Caro- recognition by.io his resigaplace.intelligentliaa some time ago, tliere will be little apprehen- should be to have the South cease complain- selected our governing agenta. These have A British Consul, at Charleston, has no more with little reference to party in tbe votes this port and one Dqmty, wan indicted sosaa .sion as to the course which will be pursaen in the ing of it. They use it as a political make- not yet begun to act : in fact the formal choice virtue of histo " whic^ are to cast for there weeks since for aBaged c(»niptisa in Ae dqtieii. tt— been and are authority, by<^efBor wai peremrtatity refuse to call an extra weight It is their particular hobby ^the has not yet made, they pledged negotiations" with the State of South Caroli- can be no doubt, from present indications, butpreMtot crisis. FrdU^ Maryland we learn that the 'office,white orto do so.it is true but not while he holds a commis-owesallegiance. FranceandEnglandmay«en<iWeonderslaDd thatHair<session oT ime Legislatnre of thatmain point from «4uch they can assail theirand will be sworn to deal justly by all.Shouldthat we shall have as and many organizationstheir office.called yesterday, and that not me of the accused made his Their\to Washingt(Hi to have his personal e&cts there should be removed. were attempted it would be resisted by many,sent home. Meantime, preparations for great(Jnioit demonstrations in the Slave States con- The suggestion has accomplished the prin- if not all, of ourselves in concert with our Identical. But onr independence was de- the harmotiious Democracy. We are prom- row-boats. She comes here to have bn aaManr time. One is soon to be held in Missouri, in cipal object for which it was made. It has late antagonists ; we nevertheless are threat- clared in 1776, and it was not established, so ised, on all hands, a contest even more overhauled at tbe BrooUya {Taw-yanl, to eaabte herioone or Kandolph County. The abnouncement drawn from those journals, which are ao ened with the same dire consequences as ifia made in our Washington dispatch, that (k)v.WiSB, the most strenuoQs aJvocate of disunion in clamorous in their professions of regard for we had already violated the'livee, theiiberties six years afterward. Texas declared her in- cal oflicers on last election-day, when there Our Naval Reporter visited the irlgate y^tHariMf,dejiendeDce longtimeFrom the Canada's mails, which reached this hostility to every practical adjustment of the ern States ; and under tliese threats something States consented toas to be cecognized by other nations, for five or tangledVirginia, is pronounced to be deranged. the Union, unmistakable evidence of their and all the rights of the citizens of the South- a before even the United were as many as live or six candi- and was courteously furnished with the infonnatioaCity la»t evening, we obtain further mtelligence the of the Union is concetniug the late successes of ihs Allies on the difficulties by which peaceIrom us, Godknows whatrecognizeFrench authorities agree in stating that if their op-by tbe deck. Forward, on the is a neat ttrassto main- encouraging tliese divisions the Republicans, origin,onlyexpectedPeiho. The Chinese are said to have greatly im- is threatened. Of one thing, however, we What are we to concedfe ? Can any of all dence to-morrow if she likes. But until it is many districts, and scarcely less than two or ufactured at the naval d^pot of Turvia, In Spain. Fif-!proved in the art of war, and both English and feel reasonably certain. The South can never the opponents of Mr. LuicOLS here in the conceded the United States, or established three of the same sort in a majority of the teen of these guns are on the spar, and twentyrfire onhail been better armed, the contest wuuld expect to regain any considerable proportion north, tell ? Of all the issues which have from by force of arms against that Gorvemment, so Assembly districts throughout the city. By gun foi-ner,ponentsliave compared favorably, in point of skill, with12-poimder howitzer, of Boston aKnropean engagements. The Tartars especiallymaintained a determuied resistance, and did notvield until the Anglo-French riflemen had carriedthe forts by storm. The report that Lord Eloixand Baron Gaos intended to proceed at once toPekiiag, accompanied only by an escort of cavalry, pugnance seizing negro80 far as tion, been discussedthethe people, there areof their fugitive property, except on the basis time to time, since the beginning of the Gov- as tosatisfythe world of herability—uf some such comproihise. Eight or wrong ernment,—Union or Disunion the fact remains, thatside the cannon of the ship, thugwhat- in nomination on one side, and bad or doubtful sity of keeping them in a separate room. A spare pro-thebyof the North have an invincible re- none to which Mr. Lincoln has not given re- ized to treat with her onbut where good men are putobviatingtbe nsces-tion the fact for the consolation of oaractual conditionbeliere fteta, that whatevercompelled to mano&cture it Where there'sa will there's always a way. One of theHerald's correspondents sends to it the fol-lowing bit of information, with which it frained from.has been notknowledged by other Powersthena,anyblack,appearance.acts of candidates in tiie field next December taucea, $500 each, were forfeltad. WeiMany peopleseem toregardthe two as warring factions and Oeneral Committees of erable numbers of the enrioos, wlw go atoimlhK' ta ~ stepsthe inter-State trade inhe will not oppose the admission of incur that hazard » What have they to gainhewillnotadvocatetheabolitionof bypatronageIf South Carolina intends to leave the Llnion, Inspector's Departments. Should he succeed night. His disease was erysipelas. Although not first as last. They must take human nature, fere with Slavery in the States. What more, in she must make her mind that she has a in this design, his success will probably beplacevet declared elected, he will lie, by the State Uan- both North and Soutli, into the account, as the name of all that is just, can be asked from road to travel. The thing cannot be done short-lived, strong rumors already hinting that Spanish navy is represented in the Gulf, we append a.well as the letter of the Constitution.The suggestion we made on this subject is.and on this point be it ob- an amendment of the Constitution—:—and, under the charge of Commissioners, to be ap- StXAH FueAna Bermgutitt, Blancka, Petrioultua present difl'erencetween the Atlantic and the Pacific Oceans, viy by no means free from objections. But we served, only six years ago, and ever prior there- that takes it will be pointed by Governor Mobga.n, at tlie next Stiah CoBvansa—Francit Au, itA meeting on behalf of tbe proposed railroad be-;<U Itatel Catul- though process time, ica, Vtlufco, Slttico de Garay, Rezana, Svan, Semmn. the Cooper's Institute. Mr. Pekhau. the Presi- believe it to embody the nearest approach to to the South and the North were coincident in much shorter and easier than the path of session of the Legislature. This arrangement Ccrte8,',Tfeptvne,V^uaidila, GeneralLen, Guadal^miver,Pike's Peak and Utah, was held last evening indent of ti<e Company, presented an elaborate state- a iiractical solution of tlic question that has opinion—that opinion beingthe same as thatother path open has worked so admirably in regard to the AI19E- house department, that its extension to theSailiho VsBe%iA—AUH», Isabtt 11^ PeUf, Herman''ment, the purport of which was to demonstrate yet been made. If those who denounce it l)Oth the desirability and the practicability of thecentral route. Speeches were made by the Chair- have anytliing better to offer, let us hear it.revolution, to her.onlyman (Mt. HOTALIKG.) Mr. Lovsjov, Lieut. WAiiH- INUTON Baktlktt, and others. Resolutions, the object of which was annoimced to be the collec- tion of facts that might be made useful in the furtherance of theappointmentNothing to Brag of. After All.—ri^lit insuring municipal officers,—which is, that now held by the Republicanswhich is the ^_^^_^_^_____the same as all othervide for Us protection. This is, in reality, theerty,andpro-cans,or to whatever other factionthey mayof fiwa aad M arethat it is a question of subtle character, onschooners, all fltted with the screw,besides 3paddle-on individual interests isandregistered officers number 1,I»absolute mania nowand the remaining three supporters of Mr. in South Carolina.. for there alone are the tunity to make the corrfeorcttihoan and todoenxeprteoss our r»-termore to say upon this subject.was chiefly compiled from articles the IMstrict canvassers, and the returns were sent Bell candidates are in the category of kiUed. We are almost driven to conclude, and it is In tlie newspapers, and that before ita publication wewho. on a himself so weak tiiattherefore, that what- a conclusion wc are loth toprofessed body might havevolunteer Presidential Inaugurationson occasions ofwaal thrao^Albany Wttt^eatm Corpsadmit,ever of triumph there may have been, belongs present position of that State, and of such toneitherofthetwolatterfactions,butmust Statesorindividualsasmayfollowinitatrain,It is abundantly evident,""Kscorts ofcompanies have beea'Krancib Enbiobt was tried for manslaughter, in he divided l)etween the Republican and the is not taken because it feels the pressure of This is allwell. But theseaad theirHi Washington was then regarded as a coaipUment"in the above table do not, how- dictation is resistedof themanded witharrogance, has been temperate- andextravagancetheyhavesoon Wed-snsUined. fhep posed to parade again as a guard of honor on the oc-the fusion Party. For, in this confused melee ly, though firmly, refused ; because, having dearly, was compiled from the Herald's i:editorials the bypeisonthem,and a nippingstraight of theand was palmed off upon the Committee as an ad-tified itself with theis no rea.son to doubt, had these candidates These seem insuflScient reasons for measuresto out- the time and In the present state presentand there succeeded, liny would have cast their electo- sofor evil, it fails to t>e conspicuous.°'"^^ ment; but It certainty was not made '""^^S^^or offensive spirit. ^__Lixiotx.Thisabout equal to the sencethe opposition,people,in theof the^^'^^ZKcpublicans;agitatingexperience.Thk RtcusANT Irish Regisiext.—The Irish live the daybe set down onMils. the relics of abandoned tickets, who were North to yield—let any man specify, who can,l^is^-esto:dear. Exchanges abundant, and lower ly Heavylacdptsandanupwardtendencyin votedforinremotepartsofthetoupon and fears had ceasedistaaoo ireigfat afleeted the market for BreadstufTsunjCn^anM^. Tteogh <lia wtim were rather ex-taiulve,,pnees of tbe ptindpal kinds cieaed in fa- Committees. vor of buyers. The movement in Cotton, Hay,State,arrangements of State heretofore gone, respectingstrongly in removing, pt."indifferenceto theof a centurvrights, abiding by the laws, and maintaining Urely too late in its ill-tempered application^Jl««r*«srt«», mMLAnti-Lecomp-in in honor of the Prince of-The correspondent onthe side of freedom. There act accordingly.playedmaker for the lastwho wrotefrost. Some- from anony- Baltimure assurances of that city wereDouslas lick»-(.^nti-Lcc-orapton Party: a party which in mischief is to be cnriailed by the force of dress for the sake of additionalwhich drew the votesitspowerpreniiies bemg held a privileged communication. New-Jcrscy has on all critical occasions iden- opinion, and because, generally, while not have probably learned wisdom from this bit ofof localsympathy with the Sixty-Ninth Regiment,ragingportionIwforc vLMt her.differ importance ;theyeach ; nor could he be blamed as a faithless 8 brigs of J80 horse^power, and < guns ; and ISadwoo-as are contemplated, but intoler-themselves into until ft rage,arejustified,truth. Thetheamicablylitical issues involved in thepending strug-and 16ers of fromtlOO to 300 tons, and 2 to » in active ser-of 8 battalUons of marines number-—in certain portionsat last theyparadedated. Tlie wrath ofour own Hibernian militarythe Duke, gent gentleman a"""'it ^Tuions prominent «k|d"' sttwsk Ifffone- j^ve particulariycome acquaiiiied,v»liat ^^^ Duke repUed thatvou as represcntati,en."^j||^ abilittea, *c., he had The mar- l,e had ><«.». there were two who bad formedahigh"o»p*i?n.i•o„„n.but^^^^markedcharac«er;peo-wheel frigates of iOO horse-power,guasinstolid AllthatwecandoistogoonaswehavesovereignofGreatBritainhasdonetheworkall constitutionalto closing at improved rates and with a steady and Jclded ^'^ jg^,.^^forcame a chillingarose a dreadful on the eutcrynals which their applaudedof thosererr Jo"'"!established, butmanage-foreignCarolina, simply because a State has nothingparty combination,Sooth,than of ancient Greece or the kingdoms of the—cottonnow, andtheywillcontinuetogetittastefullydecoratedvvlthofthe overhislongas it continues toasmotive the Sonth has for raising cotton, is to sell itlonggrowarenoStreet and City Inspector's Departments couldThe only victory, with which in the first lias the and the duty to make laws Helper Book as a campaign document have ance of honest but Assistant-Surgeon Juui Acosta, Cbaplalo Valentineatoning for their follies in another style. Ouri<ubjoined is a statement of the present strengthremember the address of the famous Fifth-avenue Committee after the John Brown affair, in which Okbkitt Smithtion 83 vessels, carrying in ail 987 guns. Of thesehave finally settled the matter by paying that $3,000 costs, and signing the following re-UiiiiT Skiih, Esq.New-York Democratic Vigilant Association,disciplinewhip justlysupportare, however, aearlv lOH.-dresswhichconnected your .Vtaoclatlon'' for violsnt purposes,and with the iava-are already beginning to be made andillof all grades. tahied by:per's Ferry, in Vhginia.We are now convinced tbat there was no groundfor such connection, and we tlierefcre take this oppor-.sue would well payinspection.that the were assured that its statements were correct Yours ver)- respectfully,occasionany- knocked him down with aTothr EMoro/tlicmightaay damageexplicit farragoAt thestreet yesterday, for lackof business on of food.One resiUl of thiji confnsian is, that no ouv solf-respcct. We mifot not bu-lge from the Prince of Wales. And to sj-mpathize with feeling. The lesson of the Jay cle^rl)- is aUntitled Documentto truth.another which the reign o( the actual age,;;some interest attaches at to the presentment of United States soldiers stationadwe append a correct list of than. At Fort Mon-at FajsttoviH*butonly declared, but established.— ;of andacrucifix Spain,longas itbeupon the case, whichonly waitingmarred theprepared.place specialbppeise :ment of their principles, and that any attempt State, and wonder by what possible means she spectors. These are all important officers, and obeyed, there is neither oecaaioa nor eaeaaagestion. The Jovmal of Commerce is very ples ofMr. Lincoln and the Platform of the for the part—andbecoming a little uneaay lest eaonf^ SoiittMi* . sure it wooM meet with no favor from any ; Republican Party are exactly what they are, await with considerable anxiety the result of there can be little doubt so far as regards the Senators should not resign to give them eeathequarter. The News thinks the expenses of that man would be ostracised, and, perhaps, the negotiations supposed to be thus opened. mere material interests of the City, that the trol of that body. Thus fcr we have only tw<» I«O0nti4 OALLEBT, ]ro.,.m Brnadway—AviK axs Bti—TBI TaiiRAnoa un> ran SxniLsioii.(MJrAI^sntKBT—Ko. tW-WanMOKt raai Oauibt0* Oit Futnat*.srsi^ra of the day.The intelligence which we continue to receivetiom tke Sooth is of a character similar to thatwhich his reached ns for two or three days past.There is eridently a strong aentiment in favor ofthe Union struggling to the sur&ce throughoutthe Slave States, the evidence of wliich are found we hear from the allies of these prints, the than this ;Court of St. Buchanan,theybypeople,•subjected to physical maltreatment.we—issue of next December will be littlevacancies,four or fi»»ttie Government would be shockingly augment-ed thereby. The Herald creates a bugbear inthe inability %f the Oeneral GoTemment to the whole Presidential struggle, and we—the remind theseCHxsrinTTmere will be needed to answer theThis is now the fact but has been so through—no harm, thoughand Tooms'Peihaps it can;dothat it will do muchless im-;<k-^ mdnlbiuriaaaoli one, always to'be~|k«- The fact it, the der |eBtlyiici(^liy*.«eAHHate deal anta Ban fiudtof OoL Commas ia nM setttag Us definUe advices anire. If parties •nirrdstBJ squadron in the field is etrietly a queaUon of hadaerte to aet oa thia ahnpie piaa, paale*militaiyethics,tbe acntest sympathies win doubtless play an ruifloos.'indifferent partjustified in disregaidingsenior, he will be so pronouBc^ bylegallyrincerelx^^in the Territories slaves are not property un-less the law makes them so. Mr. Lixcoljt Payi.nu fok PoLmcAi. Wnisrr.y..''. While hardly fail to be regarded as an improvement. de Pa Hargon, Lieuts. Demettisde Coster Montenefs. and the Republicans claim that Congress sundry Republicans who recommended the We hear many men speaking of the import- "Thomas de Sartoa, Soloa der Caweia Francis Vila,oneCivil Justice for the Eighth Dis- Government at Washington. Tlie dn^ ofreasontowillciliation.while onr Irish populatltm thus silently re-perfect•uccess..of the ovation.President and Vice-Presidantin tbegeneral demonstration ofthe Charter election has been divided from the November contesteomplo-of 8. 3ther England nor France knows an3rthlng sign the Legislature, in making this separa- Moultrie, C, Companies of Art31sry at;more of South Carolina, as a nation with tion, to allow our citizens a perfectly fair and Augusta, Ga., 1 Company of Artillery; Keycanbepayers and property-holders must for oncetheto ofstatement— FacDKKciINSscassiea. ^leisisoaateq'.;;gratifying circumstanoe in aB~ tte aaaeaaiaB that movements of the Sooth. The aaUiilfHl M--^the lacked suchbjadioodthat canalaaedoaria-the public. It tification, it will remain for the Gov- chief.unbiased choice of their Company Artillery municipal represent- West Fa., 1 ofand ernmentandtheonlypoweranyforeignCon- andBoardofDirectors. Butthefellgripof fullcompanygarrisoningthemjustnow.open they City officers,Tammany will theandNational Vol- The Spaidsh frigate vrhose arrivalunteer, Native American, Independent Demo-BerengueU,personal present to tlie commander of the fleet .\ novel idea regards Slavery ques- tain it it will not be recognized by other na- in their party capacity, can make sure of some has t>een carried out in arranging the small arms be-tions, nor will Ministers or Consuls be author- easy triumphs any subject;°of tbe Federaldnties,apddealingveasels. "DteffOr pie of Ghaiieaten eaO upon this Poatmaater notattained. Our tax-forget that they are Democrats or Republi- are ships-of-the-llne. rating 88 gons each; 4 are ^probablyThe Btr,ngt,rlo wUI be put in regularof Panic.cumbed, and the rise which beganbody mous thatin the tiaaninaopeningDemocraticTlie same gallaat Corps, disgusted witb.Leeoiaplonunknown sourcesBankscondition, scarcely likelyof'^^Ij.'"' have been iU-Juog*^"tbe hopelessgesses Corpstotheleast dangerwith unshaken credit to beentertainedofitssolvency.was therefore en- ket at once resumed its upward tendency, iinpre.^cdl'Tm being requested to Baneroe, Ta.,Andin care is taken not toev^ pattiealar >tilleryTotal about 800 men. There are aboutand to do which the steam-fiigate Waiask, now la Os dij- unintelligible than was that for lo- dock, win be floated into the stream.it. dates for Assembly, all claiming to be he Fought bv the officers. The Berm^uela is about " 1,200 tons burden, and carries a fine armament of SI South Carolina can declare her indepen- the regular Democratic nominees'' in very guns, meditmi size, tbirty-two and .slxty-eigtits, man-;Jeffeiaon, Ho.,citizens remembered that two of tiie PTihgr Iftitftjtt tt will actisdecks are kept exceedingly oeat. The sailors aresists of no less than twenty men-of-vtar, of wfaic^ eleven are steamers. As it is well to kiK>w how thejitTO, Ckrigtina, Jamter.Tbe officers of the Berengrtila are as followsCapt. Jose Ignacio Rodriques, Commander Fraudsof fiiom 10 to SOotBcers elected in the December smaller vessels and 10 transports. There are thraebelong, if they desire to have only honest and IC to 20 9 are ;brigs;tohim into the obnoxious or000drafted into the .service. Their;ill. reaasuif ^';j^l '"• Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 