 »r<r'OLUXTAMturers of tfce North would never see the coBy the increase and expansion of commercecivilization baa been spread to the remotestcorners of the glebe, white steamships h e mbeen multiplied, railroads extended, and com-munication of allkinds increased toam extentthey would not have reached la a cent ary with- waa taken In 1790, there were 40,000 African acd struck him ovor tn* , outtba>••Mtepementoftheagriculturalre- •lavesinthefreeStatesofth*North,aad whichb'okftclooatth*BratWear. sources of the tropics in the West by African 27.«|0 free negroes, making a total of 67,000. thisupsrnnbisBate,oUUuag1labor.And yet we find the monstrous doctrine taughtthatAfricanlaborlainimicaltattus free laboroftheNorth.The growers of grain, on which cattle and hogs are fattened for Southern consumption;afcrauotiius,So***, Dascae, *c,— J o u a xOocuuutemporal sovereignty can be amicably settled,by a general Congress, w e confess that w e setno alternative but another war, combined verjt> and the Union together.v«j*AA.</*o#/>aTj*/«Bt,•a **»:ywurfrr «/ tttf awrti, iimm.kiM h»*PJID© on tbc wok'a saiis for tome C*wr\p*k>&a. Th* Aflatr* In K«iop« —A"peeat of Tfnr on tWhen tnv first centra of theUnited StatestnefriendsofMrhe accosted Mr.MoOanala'j )»•».< ?W a*r -'B» *o««w» Ooxaasroaaoarsi *aabold Seward andtheendorsers of the Helper nook responsible for i t^nmuuiRS*U**TX»T*aa**.au.IjmuinFa*** sew.Sufarswerecaster,andclosedatS'cpar16.de- B*»l 0A.AO AUTUtAliVKKTISKMKHTS r # w w ^ Htmytmvni <• lJU flHll IUBIL*. FABII* *%*/-*-**> • » ' aWay-Mi R-MKOB*W**»i*1traaiactions eu>t>r3c«-d 400 a BOO btds. Freights weru ttU-adj,andpr-ja^etnentsfairtoLrri>rpi>oland I/wdoc.Horizon.The latest news from Europe by tWtu C. Graham at this men The increase of the stevea of theSouthhas adrnosTanaovertan(JOh P SIMMS•XXV.AMrSSMRRTS mi»i>-a OAH&D.ROWKRT THRATRR.w n r r u o ARUM, Laru.Tn* Hews from Mexico— Drifting Into Circaseian contains two or three very signffAixini-KiurMrt Faux*.same time it receives a determined opposition tromthemajorityoftheCatholic hierarchyTWISTR*XAnother War wltn Thai KcpublU . While the Senate is dosing over the ratifica- tion oi the new treaty with Mexico, the ele- ments of another war with that republic, or ofcant points,which to themind indicatetl unless the obstacles which stand in the way «f the proposed Congress be speedily removed), affairs on that Continent are drifting war-wist.North increased as fast asthenegroesatthe South, by the end of the sixth decade, or insixtyabout 326,000; b u t Instead o f this, w e find that the census o f 1850 only gives a total o f aboutThedBnenftyissaidtoknvearawooutofa£*p«te which took psaoa last Thorodar aigttt, under tne 'oitoo-tac. as" Kates tor a seat a» the Tammany Hall Generalfrom the Sixteenth ward. A. sab committee an to uvetUfate la*nTaWORTUaaa OF TBB •OARUar rRTTROOAT.On Monday havtaf been boaastfai overhead, tn* sky clearandbright,thewindsantamyandsoptyrlike,and the mercury tnthe therm*meter at that mndafU pottt which M neither frigid nor torrid, but a doaetous half way BOSS* bstweoa the ton extremes. New York might have enjoyed itself splendidly bat for tne snoaainsBle ana of the *;dewalka, reads and crossings The tempta tions for a promenade fa the fashionable thorooghfara* were nevertheless too groat for some people to rasut, and aoasosjOsmRyBasso nor* to b* seen m Broad***- dlvsrs perambulating top Boots and elevated petitTOMORROW-Oooss i Moral. Aaraiyears, theyshouldhave amountedtoRVCftUfO.-Tu Omiw, o>Liratir.-awinwmanifestly acceptable to the great body of ia-church party, has succeeded ia defeating the Protestant nations of Europe, while at tail NaMck; the draymen aad other laborers of ]liberals in the Wett, and subjecting the dis- trictofColima. Thisgiveshimaportonthe Pacific, and the President should immedi-LAOTU THRATRR, (M Rroadway.-Jsi.siB ately order some portion of the Pacific squad-ron to make its presence there seen ami feltraw SOWRRI raitATR* Bowery-Tax Oeroaoox— by the authorities of the church. It L* H t i o c u i Kiao or CUBA.added, in the late accounts, that the young BROADWAY BOUDOIR. 4*4 Broadway.—Oox SAL— church leader was expected in the capital onthe ecclesiastics of the Church everywhere aat) qnartera to four-fifths of all the boots and shoesinstructed and governed by thehome govers> made at theNorth, and which sustains anim- ment at Borne, just as ministers pleiapotea- mense hide and leather trade in New York, theLAST or Lyo**— ACTBSBS or A U WOBK.BARNUM'S AttRRICAN RUBRTJM. B«T>*dway.-An*r- make a second demonstration against Veratiary, charges des affaires and consuls of allother nations are instructed and governed bjrworkmen of Lynn Rod Natick, Massachusetts, after working all day in making brogan shoesoB-riciT Rare A«•««««—'OOL AS A C'vccasaa—IllCulllJl lUBIi-MiGUlvTl lT»OMt— Hl»3«AjI» 10O* M I - A L U M I .BRT Aimr MUMTRXU. Mssaaair*' Hall, (ft Brmdway-Cruz,thepreparations forwhichhave already been made. His last year's attempt to take that city, and the event3 that have followed that failure, do not lead us to suppose that heed. Unless the vexed questions concerniofItalian affairs and the nature of the Pope% ttenstotheMostHigh that Hewould interferetels and served in private families. Whore are they now? Where have they mysteriously disappeared? If you want au answer, examine the tumuli in our pottersfields, or consult the dissectors in our medical colleges—places to which pneumonia, typhus fever, varioloid, con-that way, perhaps, rendering a very great, though ande- aigaed,sainicetothecontractors. Oarae&a bespattered wish sand,and little bits of shoes, containing title bitsof fairy like feet, all wrered over with dirt and drippiaf wtth nasty moisture, were of course quite common spec taclea, and caused the ill-starred wearers to cura* oar back sliding municipal stepfathers, who don't and won t mtad their particular business. We don't mean to say that the ladiesindulgedtntheprofanationofswarmg,neter*d* say that they scolded, sometimes right out, bat store often only srtto tw; showing by flashing eyes and frowas as nearly aavaxe as pretty lace* can assume the extent *f their mdigoaUon, mortification, perturbation and—con flotrtficatton.Among the rash specimens of dry goods that rccU.- d to dare the pickling,thawing and slosh'-.g of the day,Bia-asu ia Sow**, DAXCBS, Saraissaass, a*.—tux Mo.ron will succeed inthe present movement; butthePTBTO'SSAI.OOJ*.Broadway - O a oCaawrr'saoo*COOKER IMBTITOTE.—Da. tcoDDaa's l.^cicaa us m a CBBAT Maori BO A a a a a r o r RSBBLUOM ia I* VIAFABRTXGT »n" BALL, Y<,aker*~ WOOD * MINSTKILS IJT Srtuor! A* Sosua, Dasrvs, *> —faraa riraa Fcrres POMSUBBABTMA1X,Newark-DBATTOa'SPABLOa OPBBAS— Renos OUTCIBA• a w Tora, Sonrt»j, January »•*, 1H»G.T h e H e w i iprobably with an exciting contest between thePretending to be exceedingly irate at imagina Villalva had plundered ail the churches near ry aggressions on our part, the priesthoodStates, nearly stripped of population, its fruit- ful soil uncultivated, its mines unworked, and its petty governments without strength, stability or respectability. There nobody cares to labor,of Mexico. The sohliers ander command o Gen.Italy to the consummation of her destinies.The KesulUof Afilcnn Labor In tfteScw W o r l d .When Columbus discovered the New World,Cuantla, and killed two of the priests. Mr. Wag- ner, Prussian Minister, wa| d.iily looked for. The low tariff clause of the McLane treaty gave great aaifefactioo tothe foreign traders.TheoverlandmailfromthePacific,withadvicesto December 30, from California, aud fram Oregoa care that its delay, by deferring the ratificationWashington and Columbia, reached Malloy a sta-tionyesterdayafternoon. TheDewsisveryin-teresting. Business inSan Francisco had improved,but was not very active. Mining operations hadl>eeaeuapendedinsomedi-Jtrictaonaccountoftheanow, and much suffering; prevailed among the organizations on this continent The true pre- Indians of Honey Lake Valley, who were dying ventive for such a condition of things is to from cold and hunger. Cattle were alsowhich contained the richest and most prolificBtaiviug on account of the scarcity of hay,avhk-h was worth $150 I a ton. It was theThe Hobokca Yacht Club gave their fourth annaal ball on Wednesday evening lost at tbe Tivoli, Hobokeo. Th* afl&irwasgotupregardless of expense,theroombnog beauiifoUy decorated with • igr- o.'all nations. The attend- ance wasquite large and fashionable, hutnone too much tor coai'or? Dod worth's Band added much to the enjoy- ment of the eveaing, duce-ing being kept op with great spirit until near morn, ejuitc a number of guests were present, among whom wu--Commodore Barker, Mayor Carpenter and £. W. Try„a, Esq., Ixgj ies delegations from variousboatcubsfromotherplaces.eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada to the Coloradoriver. The dates from Oregon are to December 14.The gold excitement still continued. Reports of rupt Romish priesthood of Mexico. Indian depredations were prevalent a t Portland.The advices from Washington are to December 23.A tremendous storm hadoccurred inPuget'ssent hither, where their services have been at- cannot restore; and if onehalf of this Union,The Hungarian Outward Bound. PoRmw, Jan. 21, l&G'JBound, which occasioned ntnch loss. The advices Pennsylvania, made use of a very absurdex- frtm British Colombia contain no news of interest pression in speaking of the probable effects of IS'ewsfromtheSandwich[Islandstothe10thDe- SouthernsecessionupontheNorth. Hestated cemberstatesthatallthewhalingfleethadbeenA WHIIK Ponroms —The steamship Paiapaco, Captainheard from.The Board of Education hnviag agreed to abide hy the decision of the Supreme Court ia the mat- ter of the pay 0f the teachert who disobeyed thehy law compelling the reading of the 8criptures In Ittlf*!ai!fcfc001'-**•MichaelJ.ODoanell,prlo- rt-dpalof »iT*«m--*xaepart»ment of Ward School Bn. 5, ui Mott street, ha. accepted the position ofthat the proportion of population was against the slave States in the proportion of eighteen millions to eight, and that, therefore, if the latter attempted to secede on account of the election of a black republican President, or for anyothercause,theywouldsoonbewhippsdinto submission.We are afraid that the honorable gentlemanbersslainintheirsavagewarfare. Andthe ofherincendiaryagents-theabolitionistsof Zerlina,in"DonGiovanni. SheappearedinthatcLarac porpoUe,whichwascaughtinthcSagi&awriver;itwei^n* terthisafternoon,andreceivedaperfect ovation ofar '2.31ftlbs.,andisararespec'mecofiheporpone. Itwas exportation of the five millions was, to a great the tree States of the North. With all her cru- plause and bouquets. The Academy was crowded in caught by three Canadians, by whom (Twill be exhibitedtheBoard.Thecane,itisexpected,willcomeup getherI,ei8.3i0votes,againstMr.Fremont's hefbretheSupremeCourtatanearlyday,andall 1,541,812; that Buchanan andFillmorere-PHn-AiJST.PBi.*, Jan. 21,1460. Breadatnflagenerallyverydull.Wheatunchanged.chancesofwarareuncertain, andthis should lead us to contemplate the present position of Mexico and itfe relation? towards this country.the laity of the Church. *incalculable good out of it. This may be saidthe constitutionalists to confiscate them for the use of theState. Hence the violent course otion,wehardlyseethemodeofescape froma ofbirdmanureontheChinchas,where^China-Housedebate theotherday,Mr.Hickman,ofthe slave tradeonlyaboutfivemillionshave destroyedtheWestIndiaIslandsandinvolved Aaelinn Pntti nndthe Bostoninns.been imported into the New World, which half the American continent in bloodshed and BafTo-v, Jan. 21,1MU.amounts to but a small percentage of the num. anarchy, It has not been her fault, nor the fault Adelins I'atti has quite entranced the Boatonians, as Lay Old, from Portland, brings for exhibition a whiteiaretobewaived, iaordertLit ' be tried purely on, its merits and nettled M speedily ai possible. The B>>d of •freed to simply pat in, to the mania na». thethe BoBtd; the by-law adaptedJuneIS,1859; andtheacknowledgmentoftheteachers that M id by-law was not complied with.Should the Board of Education be defeated,the kUun of the Central State. repr6Mnted b y ;h o amounts to notless than $400,000,000, nearly case • not to he carried to ft higher tribunal, bitthetoaahMBharereservedtheirrighttotestthee«*i©n to the lastCorndull;yellow,70c. Oatsdeclinedlc. Wr.^k^yacO b l t n n r y .hkd, u.1 Penuekl Hill, Portland, Conn., on the 4th in£t .*V* ataamaklp New Tort aafled from this port featordajforSouthamptonladBremen,withIDS fasaengtni and #75,000 la specie.ThePetomanrjverJaaowfredofice.Byrefer- \South and ruined the trade of the country indigo. The consumption of these articlesceivedaeventypercentofthewholepopular vote, and that in the free States there was a popu- lar majority against Fremont of nearly three hundred thousand votes. There can be no rea-the results of whose labor exceed those of any similar number of persona, white or blae%, bondwhere African labor is overthrown, is to anarchy on the one band, and to the one-man,",i!!.» INEW YORK HERALD, SUNDAY, JANUARY 22, 1860.ouid .w^fraf aggrefato,lthe ootton orop of the United prevalence of cholera nnd smallpox occurred intereaud w01 ate that CrwmwtU A Co.'a iiuai' it* h»nd3 so foli of Northern rcbelUoait: States for 1969-60, estimated at 4,200,000 bales simultaneously, and that in the single year ofCl«j 1attell •§« TAJlaTjMnr rcunauw av u>ring to cur •dvertkingco'urnns, «hlpi-«r3 a»a othrra tbo other, a-:*! the govemmect wj i a i r a u a o o i a c m t t , steanwra will resume their regular weekly tripsca aid fum this qswrter to fWce the*Strcdhk. may bo put down at $300,000,000. The trans- 1S50-'51 about 50,000 of thenegro population Ta*TiettutrofNEW YORK HERALD.tmrnumm waxt STI portationofthoseimmensesupplies,theirtrans- were swept off. It is alsostatedthatthene- a ratber sneBBajformatisn by manufacturing processes, and groes would notwork, and that unless supplies \ Masa attOsnu,alawyer,wasi WBdlatr«ea,aowMBa*tb>Mr.Onoa.Ktheirtedtatiibution,inchangedforms,givenm- oflaborcouldbeobtained from othersources, •ftbeKaryYard,whostadsieither from Africans taken from slavers, o r from tho coolie*, the productions of the island.WJTOft AND flOPMHOB. SatnidayneattoJamestonand«therpoint* Tnecotrrnmarket;e»trrdaT conticoedqutt*|r-i witbMibmlrfticn could not be looked for. Th would be a divided North agaloit a uajgrvit.* i».w «•>**««or MASSACas»vtn/foa m. aaltr*r'.3St*ihaVs,i*en»|(>liawhichmat*ai»jt1i'>Ciui»aa>4 Fiic»» lw IuU in sto'v d a I «ttf. oa He *>•»« "' South, a i d Mr. Hickman's eighteen miUlployn.enttomillionsofteasofshipping,andafford support to millions upon millions of freewhite laborers all over the civilized world. and the nefroaa themselves, promised ulti- Jet*them-r*.* >-' 'A* iTii A /><IU« UtHAt.itTilt WKMKM.Y HK.HALUMtmtwmml*mm*ww*UattMtmntumupmr11S<f^rtn.'dto(uplatis In*ferttgsaewidepressed wou!d"t-.*raouttobenomoresubstantial the market lorflour,while It <Jeclk!«id general!/ ab<xit Be. Jack Falstaff's nine men in buckram and «lx perbsvrrettornrartf »t»ttesc^.i>t!pr« TherewasapanJ<tn Lincoln green. The merchants and inana ahcai, and **ie« wort- so tailed as tc reader footatiooaboaatsal, «hi<•* aoioen demanded prertoos rauts. Osrn«asb*avj,abdseidatt6«.f•>iJerae>audSoothsta iUlow, wbii b sas a (Sechfic, tut with ratter more dolof aitne ceectstioa. lw a ifas hifner.hat not actlre, withMirsef BWmem atil* 56 a $l« S*,new do. at $17 2»aBIT•«,oldprtaM-attil 6:-, a $1170,andat$13forsectwhichhehadtr.hishand.Oa-fenntversteasof*-. aantr are give* ay the «saCs of ettner rnrt,, and at order that both stdts of tho atsry may be k w i t i s *It will be remembered that Count Walewslif ragedthere,between thepeople ononeside, ronierrepamphletshould formnopartoftheEnglandaudAmericaatpeaceforfortyyears,'and the privileged classes of the priesthoodpolicy of the French government while he wandi-racydestroyedwithoutadeterminedandIt is not alone in the tropics that emaacipa- and.asitstedbyasjax taWySBaf OW* flMBR.eaaanter opposition to the party which precipifaof the Afrloan race leads to their de- struction.fueh a crisis on the country, and they woour ntcfswiry armed intervention there, axe The Napoleonic plan of disposing of the Papal the ship caulker and joiner of Maine; the grassrapidly gathering.The recent accounts from Vera Cruz informdifficulty, as expressed in the pamphlet, isgrower and hay cutter of New England, whoseremuneration is derived from a Southern mar- us that MiramoD, the military chief of the elligent lay Catholics, as well as to all the ket; the hoot and shoe makers of Lynn anda parto fwhichw a ssuppliedb ythe 6th of January, when he would at oncethe governments from which they are accredit- for the negroes of the SouA, g o at night tothe North, are taught to belief* that African aborlaanenemytotheirwork. Hencewe and clergy—a fact which must be expected, as find that, though theSouth takes from three-t.rrible struggle between the combined Powersmen have to be employed to load ships,sheBoDToy, Jan. 21,1S6UCaptain Joseph C. Noyce, o( the Unitel&ates revenue suaded to achieve her fre«dom in this manner, and thereVajle and Rocha in their very strong portionsopened his way to Vera Cnia, which city, it was ex-pected, would be immediately attacked by histroops,havingthemoralsupportofaFrenchnavalMexicowhereverthechurchpartyprevails.arefearfultocontemplate.Intheendthegovernment.Butshe,too,experiencesafairnet,sashandblindmanufactory,CharlesNewman's Its-rem5ttirfi[lierepublicanswerepromisedprocraont demonstration made before the place, withthe [^Insult upon insult has been heaped upon us; share of revolutions. In the other States revo- billiard room, Louis Adam's clothing store and L. M jK'S'tioDst n thc leading committees for their vote for th >cated b y them.mitted on our representatives and citizens inEveryoutrage h a s been com-capitalists, whose influence has helped to on the other—a conflict, the results whereof impart some degree of stability to herProtestant peoples and the intelligent Catholic valuable copper mines, attracted foreignTHE Cot!WTinE> AT UtcctRuxAi* —The selection in tiie Board of Cr-unciimen of tbe standing committees stems to bave given ccufciJerab'e dissatisfaction amocg a goodlaity, on the one side, and the Catholic PowersA fire early this morning destroyed the building. No."14 Washington street, occupied by Baker &Perry, cabi many of the members, especially on the republican 6i;eto deprive them and'their families of employ- ment and o f bread, b y destroying African laborIf African labor is an evil, the North and theCatholicclergyandtheenlightenedportionof civilizedworldhaveextractedanimmenseand sumption, scrofulous affections, and otheruot only of the whites, but of the blacks also. For two years the present civil war has declared that the programme of the Lagueak The cotton bales of the tTnited States have keptPope will be compelled to accept the position Pr«-f nieucy of tbi- Board ; but, wnh the exception cf the and should they be able to get to Vera Cruz. which Napoleon so wifely and judiciously pro- lutions are the rule, and peace the exception. Wood's fish market. The building was owned by Stephc-rj cliairmaiithip ui tte CommiUtc on fU-ads,tuev have be--t:,Relive aid of a financial pressure made suddenly onJuarez by the French Minister seeking to collect©rer 1*2.000,000 of money claims. M'tramon was toenjoyatriumphalovatnnonhisreturntothecity ThereiBthelogicofselfishnessintheircourse. willbeconvulsed,andatideofbloodwillbear World,comprisedinthefiveCentralAmericanFitzgerald. Loss, $15,COO.Sentence for Manslaughter. B-KioN, Jan. 21, 1800.tlitv allege, \ utairy trtoied. The list of tbe coaum,tte<*b shows,however,, that the republicans hare hadst-coct choiceouuearijailoftheconuniltees,whiledemocrats who bave beet .n the Board for several terms fcavc been placed upon thc moil lu&igv.Scaut commiUees Durngthey will force a war upon us at all hazards.posesforhim; butinthemeantimeallEurope WealsobeholdtherichestcountryintheNewwould provoke a real aggression, in order tosave their own possessions by thesacrifice ofhue, for manslaughter, in killing Harrech Freeb >rn, was sentenced to fifteen months imprisonment.Burning of Flour Mills in Ohio.the nation.This state of things should be taken into the fact became disclosed that there existed a and all,black and white, struggle by cunningconsiderationbytheSenate;anditshouldtakeof our treaty, does not result In making us be- come,atthecostofmuchbloodandmillions of treasure, the supporters and defenders of oneofthemostcorruptandheartlessreligioussoiltobefouudonthefaceoftheglobe,bu*Pretences.pursue such a course as will enable the con- stitutional government there to carry out the ecclesiastical reforms it has initiated. Thisprobably eonflnc him lor a mouth trom S.ng Sing to XewarV N. JHe wason nh wayrastintertropicalregion,extendingfromtwenty deceitor forcetogoverntheirfellows. Turn- to thirty degrees on each side of the equator* ing to Mexico, we behold a country whoseJMJUUKITA Ohio.Jan.21-,18WVwealth in soil and minerals is fabulous, devas-tated by the brigandism of civil war—a coun- the immense resources of which, without the try where life and property have ceased to find|*S20,00G. Insured $10,000.ArrestonCharge ofFalsejwwerful man, a ma:hio .=t or blacksmith by trade, and much respected among bis acquaintance*, is now lying at thc bouse of rt-ih Hoidiag, No. 136 Cedar street, sanVriag frominji.iii'sreccnedattheaccidentoutbeHudsonRi. er Railnad. Mis brca«l bone is fractured, his head isemployment of African labor, could not be de"veloped. Africa was populous, teeming with mil*lions of the darkest skinned and wildest tribes,whose prisoners captured in war were continual- having inflicted such irreparable injury upon ly destroyed. When a field wasopenedin theNewWorld,bythedestruction ofAfrican the hot latitudes of America—the only climate labor? That of great Britain. Like the axe insionmerchants,oflb<scity,wasarrested todayonthe charge of obtaining, under falsi; pretences, moc.-j- v. goods to the extectol ten thousand dolhrsSniling orthe Vigo. PmT-.tDKi.iNiu, Jan. 21, iftoojuredinotherpartsofLisbody. He wassittingmth>t last car of tbe express train when the accident took place. Ho wa# insensible for some time; but as soon an be couid srieak desired tj be taken to the boose of Mr. Holding, a friend of his, in this city. Hit injuries willgeneral impression among miners that a gene- the treaty does; and we are curious to see if, suitable for their employment —their captives, the hands of the reckless woodman, she has twenty paegengers and a full cargro of merchandi- •.ralchainofgoldandsilver;minesextendedonthe instead ofbeing killed, werepurchasedand contributedtodestroywhatcenturiesof laborin the vote upon it, the anti papist elements ofthe North will be found ranged with the cor-tended with the most important results.and that by all odds the most conservativeThe steamship Hungarian sailed at four o'clock this at A FEW STmsmcs FOB MR. HICKMAN.—In the about 30,000.000. Since the commencemeat of lated by civil war, worse than that which ternoon for Liverpool.The negro races of Africa are estimated atportion, has not been overthrown and deso-protection,whileanarchyandbloodshedarrest allhumanprogress.fT. I>oria, Jan. 21, 18ou.JosephHyman,oftheArmofHymau&(Jucn.cumms- verymuchcm and bruised, and beisconsiderablyinWhat influence is mainly chargeable withsades against African labor in theNew World,Of the whole number of Africans introduced she knows of late whom to trust in South donna was Indeed superb.as scon as a suitable place is found.Police Intelligence.Gin IRE OF BCRGIJLRS —On Friday night, about twelve o'clock, as officer Dennett, of the Twenty second precinct, was pa'j-olling hu beat, b discovered a light streaming fromthechincksofthedooroftbepwkpackingesta-extent, a mere question of death or deportation-into the New World, 1,700,000 were landed in America. Not long since she made a heavyevery part, and the singing and acting of the young primathe British West India possessions, 375.000 (op to1808)intheUnitedStates,andtheremainderwere sent to other European possessions in theNew World. Africw labor in the tropical re- iabor with a ten foot pole.was a little hasty. If we take the Presidential!T^n^T;*"?•**"**••"*«*rf*< TheSouthernStateshaveagreatdutytoTotalexportforthoseason877,000.ReceiptsatihiaportvoringtopryopS*th'-8*'Ofa.rLV&nettprocuredJames T. Brady to test the ^uesUoa on his behalf.ftr tW.d«Dten«ted act, Mr.(VDoanen r X r e Xteat of the contumacious teacher* fro ^ ^ ^ W tvote of 1S56—and a question of this kind is to hesettledbyactualvoters—weshallfindthat Mr. Buchanan received in the free States 1.221.750votes.Mr.Fillmore 393,590;thatMr.and extend commerce and the arts of civilization perform, and one which they owe alike to them- ahead of last year 231,000. Ditto at all Southern ports toe assistance of two other "fficen and entered. The' ••theywillbepaiithen:samrie,thela mandamus L*served on the Pre«deat of Euchanan aad Mr. Fillmore received alto-R587aSfl. Cornsteady,at71Kc »75c- Pork-old Westernmoss—$17;newdo.,$18;lard, inbbls.,10\c. Whiskey, 22c.bousetheygavetheir i.am-sus WilliamVNeilandWii- iam Harris. Yesterday morrng Jug'ice Kelly committed hem lor examinationAYOITKH!Twin.—d'orf,Tafly,aye>uUi,agedsix- teen,s'o'e1130fromb8employer,Mr.YanoEtroad,No. 100Princestreet,and<ie-arnr*dwithittoAlbany, where hefcspeut theholidays Themoneys^ondisappeared, ami he rcwirned to the c t y a few d*ya Since, wneu h* w»s arnf','<! by officer Vac I>>sen, of the Third precinct. He confessed having stolen the money, and was commit- ted by Josti;e Connolly for i xaoiisai. >u.gions of the West has done more to advanceovertheworld thinanyothercausethatwe know of; and to day civilization is from one to twocenturiesaheadofwhatitwouldharebeen without it—because white labor could not have accomplishedwhatithasperformed.ThereexistatthepresenttimeintheNew World,includingtheUnitedStates,Brazil,Cuba and Porto Rico>about7,©00,000 of Africanilaves,4i5,000, Stockinport612,000bales,against4»V),000Ian burRlars(t«>dtothes>>coBristory.wU-rei&ey endeavored selves, to the African laborers committed to year. Sugar dull, it a decline of >^c a '^c. Fair t> fully 'o make their exit by the »i; Jo-*-, but »<re capturedfair, SJfc. a 7;.;c; molasses, *0&c. a 41c. Flour dull, v. alter a short struggle'. Go being taken to the sumo.Zrsrtnx PSSTIKI), Bsq , aged 05 years. Mr. Penfleld was power on the other. The destruction of Afri- a voter for seventy-four years. Daring that long time be 18 of the law sonable doubt that the Union feeling at the or free, to be found anywhere else on the face can labor by emancipation and the final ex- never failed to vote, except on s single occasion, when hePersonal Intelligence. Capt.VanYitot,oftheI'citeaSlatesarmy,is. intowa.Northisasstrong,p*rba£, 8trorj^r it was in 183G; and if so V * n i laUon ahooJd b e exactly M v e r ^now thaa • iT h coftheearth. Withoutdescendingintoparticu- lars, we may state that the annual value of products raised by African slave laborwassbtKDtfromhomo. HevotedforWashington,Jefter- s^o, Madison, Monroe, Jackson, Van Bursa, Polk, Pierce andT^cbanan. Hewasalwaysearlyatth*polls, readyBuchanan and Fillmore vote would turn not againsttheSouth,hutagainsttheblackrepub licacs who had brought about the action of tb»1210,000,000 of which is supplied by the United States. In this estimate weinclude ootton, coffee, sugar, tobacco, rice, naval stores andthat, owing to the want of proper cleaniinas*; his dutiestboneglectofvaccination—matter*c"fully Uans,diedinthatcityonthe10thins*. liewaswell SurveyorofOn-Herdoi>unt),N<,Las»wea*rre*.««iforThepeopleoftheNorthwouldbedividedinto two or three fact*,- each warring withbythewhiteracesofth* temperate latitudesUntitled DocuOfthegeoe-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ment|loan to Braril, and at rates considerably aboveMarkets.Nsw OsiXANS, Jan 20,1SS0.par,whileshewouldnottouch thecoupons7/wasting diseases, engendered often amidst want and filth, have consigned them.You, sir,sayyouareanabolitionist,afriend and prevented the whites from mutual slaugh- of the blacks, and that your purpose is to emaa-and the military on the other. On the field of at the bead of foreign affairs; and following* ter. Emancipation is not only the destruction s^cipate or destroy the labor of four millions of were two real, genuine, unmisUkcable red petticoats, to*battle theskillofthetrained soldier hascon-stantly triumphed over the undisciplined effortsharduponthatdeclarationvrehearof thedtfmissal or withdrawal of Wale tvski from thatposi*ofAfricanlabor,buttheexterminationofthenegroes themselves. A ll those intertropicalAfricans.Haveyoueverreflecteduponthecon-sequences of such an act both to the blacks and togorgeous scarlet of wheb, at first sight, exhibited the much talked of Balmoral in its fullest glory. Bat what it was at second sight, that Is, after progress'.ug the ex tent of a few blocks along Broadway, mignt hare beenRichardRealfwasexaminedyesterdaybythe of the'popularmasses whichsupport the tion.Thisisthefirstsignificantpointinthelate communitiesoftheNewWorldinwhicheman thewhitesinthiscountry,aswellasinEurope* seenbyanyonewho,likethewriter,wasaneyewitSenate Investigating Committee ia relation to the Juarez government Yet the church andthe news, and looks asif the Emperor was resolved cipation has been enforced have gone to thenets, but could not be described, t n e red skirted ladies The actof emancipation could only end in the firstbore ineight,somewhere in the vicinity of Duaaeextermination of the negroes, and in irretrieva- street, and paraded proudly towards the Park, encoa sciously, perhaps, gathering as they went the splashing bledisasterstothewhites.NorthandSouth madwhicharoseateveryfootfall,andailedanythingThen why, in God's name, labor to bring about but beauty tu the scarlet garments. Oa they went, bow ever, observing and ob&trred, until they arrired at the results which cannot only do no good, but corner of Broadway and Chambers stre t, where th fj came to a halt, evidently with the Intention of croeeiag. must bring upon theracesinvolved andthe Butthiswasateatwhichrequire4somema'hemaiic-a'.cal-civilized world generally unutterable and irre- culation, and therefore the Balmorals s'opped, seeming t* survey the field of ice, dotted with innumerable pools ofarmy combined have not been able to subdueDotappear<oimplicateanyonecriminallyinthe thecountrytotheirrule. Whenevertheexi- theimperialp«iky.Again:MarshalVailLant,dogs, while the blacks among them are gradu- allydyingout;those,onthecontrary,which have preserved African labor continue to be prosperous, powerful and progressive. Thus, the islandofCuba,thoughoppressedbyaneffete monarchy, is worth more to its government and to thc world at large than all the other West India inlands put together.AmongalltheSouthAmericanStatesBrazilfield for a subbtitute, but foundno person so likely renders the triumph of the anli popular party as» Mr. Sherman to eineeRtrate the entire republi- mere question of time. The recuperant energy ing of volunteers in Germany, she will march a and prosperous government, and she is the onlyHarper's Kerry affair, ills evidence so far doesthat the programme of the pamphlet should bematter. Senator Wilson having been referred to gencies of the war have caused the army of the fey Mr. Realf in bis testimony, that gentleman will church to abandon any portion of the country,nppear before the Committee on Monday for pur- pones of explanation.Mr. blierman having auaoanced a willingness to withdraw hi* name whenever a more suitable can- didate for Speaker -hould be selected, the republi- can members of Congress yesterday canvassed thewho assumed a command in Italy during th# war. not because he was a prominent fighting man. butthathiswludoinandexperiencemight be at hand to assitt Napoleon, has been re- called to France, and a thorough fighting man,can strength. of the liberals, in constantly rendering new The State Senate wasuot ia session yesterday. conquests necessary to thechurch and army, isbody oCSardinlan troops into the Legations.These three circumstances, it must be ad-one which has preserved African labor. In theIa the Assembly, a bill providing for the assess- mentasdpaymentofthedamagesoccasionedby the destruction of the Quarantine buildings was re- ported upon favorably. A bill was introduced to •mendtheRevisedStatutesbyrepealingallthose porticosonwhichdecision!oftheCourtofAppeal*rapidly diminishing tts«ehances for success. mitted, ere open to anjthing buta pacificatoryIts men as well as its in^pney are waning <l\y by day.TheclergyofMexico arewellconvincedof thisfact,andhave, therefore, endeavored to procure European assistance in their strife. InSpanish South American States, though sadly zation. All,all areto be levelled, uprooted danger'* The little foot wasseen to press itself upon a d* ceptive looking mound of snow, but in aa instant down itmisgoverned, African labor was preserved and sacrificed to the fulfilment of an insane wont, disappearing like lightning, and down alto went the fairownerinthemidstof mudandslushandwater.•gainst tenants in anti rent caaea were based. Athepeopletherehaveatoncereturnedtotheitallegiance to the constitutional governmentand restored its authority. The continual re-currence of this fact has exhausted the means McMahon, the hero of Magenta, has" been sealparable ruin?filthy water, wticb lay before them, with feelings of doubtofbothpartiesforcarrying onthewar.anl toItalyinhisplace. Audagain:Sardiniade-and hesitation. But the delay was only momentary; the What then does fanaticism labor for ? For Rubicon most be crossed, and so the braverof th* twa advanced boldly. picking her anarchy,civilwarandbloodshed—fortheex- stepswith the utmost canton, tike Kiss Pussy, termination of the negro, and the irreparable stealing over the snow. Step No. 1, all right. No 2,stealing over tne snow, step Ho. 1, all rlgbt. No 2 ruin and bankruptcy of the whites; for the des- Sound, No. 3, ditto; No. 4, hard, but muddy; No 6, alas! truction of commerce and thearrest of civili- where wasthe pout* officer, generally oa hand at this comer, to rescue the dear creatare from the tnreat*aiagclares that unless the Pope abandons thc rail-is the only one which has maintained a stableai*assaultoah'n,oneofthemstrttocth'.mortrtfc*been at the rapid rate of about thirty per cent des,'each decade. Now, had the negroes at the esded,asthecroon sstarftrii sad separated149,000;recruits from the South. What baa become of the missing negroes? Soma masters, pro- bably to prevent their loaa b y emancipation, aold their slaves to the South; yet this doea not account for their whole disappearance. Every N ew Yorker and Jerwyinan of four •core and ten can recollect the time when ne- groes were more numerous than they are now. He can remember when they labored about our docks, loading aad unloading vessels,inspuitiug each other b y their loud and sonorous songs—abolition prayer meetings, to join in suppllca- when they labored in the streets, waited la ho- coats, the latter sweeping th* sidewalks a lerpo, and taThe peaceful tenor of thc Eoa> while under the rule of Spain, and it gave sta- and satanically inspired idea preached by mad What a predicament, and what a situation (or a red pettiinterpretation.pctor's remarks to the diplomatic corps 041 NewYear'sday.itistrue, hasserved tempo- rarilytoallaysomewhatthcfears of Europo;bility nnd prosperity to their provincial rule, men, believed in by fools, and practised by coat' A rush was instantly made towards the victim or dirty streets, and, more frightened and mortified than hurt,but the ambiguous declarations of Napoleonl/ill was also introduced appropriating $100,000 this they have failed, and at the present are not very reliable, particularly when we re- the age, and destroyed African labor, which Proposed-Conference o f Southern States. yesterday, under difficulties which should been seen to bela aid of the People'* College. After the transac- tion of some unimportant business, the House ad jonraed till Monday evening.moment they see no other chance for WASHINGTON, Jan. 21,186C. appreciated.member that preceding the late Italian*war his drove out Spanish capital, and left the people The Baton Rouge Gazf.Ue says that resolutions are to be A Pxisoiran WnnocT ax Cvrnwn.—On Friday evening a escaping the fate which awaits them words were all of peace, until the very eve of a prey to anarchy and revolution. Venezuela presented to the Legislature of Louisiana proposing a con- young girl employed in the building No. 61 Chambersat the bands of '^Juarez than another1stand5thinst,publishedto-day,containaveryoccupation ofthecountrybythear-armywereorderedtocrosstheAlpsandcon-bodyafterwardswantedtowork,butallInterventicnwiththeStatesoftheNorth.'Oar letters from Mexico, dated in the city on thethe day when the first divisions of the Frenchabolished by emancipation African labor. No- erence of Southern States, tn relation to commercial aon-street, not being "up to time," accidentally got locked inbytheporter,whodepartedattheusualhour,withthekey in his pocket, little dreaming that he was leaving afair prisoner behind h im . After vainly endeavoring tounbar tbe door, the girl began to get a little alarmed at her position acd to contemplate with disgust the prospect • f remaining alone in the big bouse all night. Filled vntbclearandmatteroffactsyaopaiaofthepositionof miesoftheUnitedStates.Theyremember fronttheeaglesofAustriaupontheplainsOfwantedtorule—blacks,whites,andhalf •flairs in that country. The necessity of a strong with unction the protection to property and Lombardy. Upon the whole, then, the condi- breeds; hence her history is written in civilMr. Samntl B. Rugglea Seriously 111. LocxroKT, Jan 21, I860foreign intervention—American or Anglo-Ameri- can—ia pointed oat, and the good which would re-every existing right b y G e n . Scott; a n d they now wish to interpose the same shield betweention of Europe seems perilous at the presentwars and bloodshed. Peru followed her exam-Mr Samuel B. Ruggles lias been and still continues seriouxly ill, with an attack of the lungs, at the residence unpleasant Blue Beardish thoughts, she ascended to thesult from such a movement made evident. The their vast possessions and the determination of the Congress of Paris to settle the Italian ques- the result; and had it not been for the discoveryof Governor Hunt, in Lockport.Death of Captain Koyeo-Fire, dke.second story, where sfce appeared at the window and hailed the passers by as lustily as she was able tn her frightened condition. Some of thc boys ofNo.l'sfire triick, bt-ariug the cry of distrp*?, hastened to the rescac witli a ladder, but tbe imprisoned girl could not be perleading Jesoita and other priests were anxiouslyplottingfortheestablishmentofamonarchy. Thefeeling for a war with the United States ran veryhigh In the capital, and was fostered by the church La Sociedad, the organ of Bishop Mungina. and > f France,England, Prussia, and possibly liussia, would, ere this, have sunk into hopeless bank-party with great energy. Miramon's victory over of all the other church party journals in Mexi- t acked up by the public opinion of all the ruptcy and ruin. Chile, on account of herco, against this country. AVar is openly advo-moment; and predicating upon the ^failure of ple, and revolution after revolution has beenobjectionablethough itwasin otherrespects. WhentheprovincesthrewofftheSpanishyoke, their people were seized with the fanaticism ofknaves. Fromallsuchsuicidalefforts, "Good Lord,deliverus!"theladywasspeedilysettledsafelyonherfeetone-mwe A few minutes thereafter a carr:a*e was procured, and thetwoscarletpetticoatsBaring crashed ttu«m«e!ves ia, were soon driven off home a* rapidly as horses could fly. Thus ended on exhibition of the Balmoral the day !>efor*fere waited until the porter arrived with his key and re cuUer Jackson, died at Eastport, He., on Tuesday, and leased ber trcm captivity.was buried yesterday. He bad been in the revenue service shout thirty years.In the Superior Court this morning Charles H Gova the p*>t week there have been soraefjbarp words amongsome of tho members, nnd u would be well for the Brady corruption committee to subpoua some of them. Perhaps they might te inducer to tell wnat tat job* wen to b*- macie a portion of thc compromise between the repubUcons and Joinsilte,Tui HiI>SU\RIVEK RAILRIAO AeviDByi—AAOTHIH KAMX Cram's flour mills were burni'<l thi* morniug l/ws AMJITD TOTUX L:3T OS IyjntFD.—Wm. Ingham, a stc ..tandThe steamship Vigo sailed from this part to-day, w,Cottonbuoyant,atanadvanceof>,c.,owingtofav^rof those States which have abolished negro able advice* from Europe. Sales today 15,000 bai.s. blishment of Llppencott, Martin Rib., Tenth arena*, be-theircharge,tothestabilityofgovernment,to commerce,tocivilization,andtothehappinessand progress of the human race generally, to dischargewithfidelityandhumanity. Thetendency of all communities,bat more espe- tireat24c.a26c. ciallyintheenervatingclimateofthetropics,Middling lie. a il«ac. The market is entirely sw-pt. tween Forty second and Forty thjxi streets, aad on peer-ing through sa'.\ two yoing burglars al work, ooe endea-Sales of tho week 95,000 bales—the largest amount r corded for a single week. Receipts of tho weok «T7,00u, against *6,f00 last year. Exports of the week 81,000-voring to o p a the dra*er of the desk, the other endea- rtinction of therace aresynonymous. ThisisseentobetheresultintheWestIndies,aswellas in the free States of the North. In Jamaica, with tits balk L Mr. Peulkld retained a good degroc of Two prominent politician*—one 8noke.i "f as th* reponti-vigor of mind and body tothe lost. Born inMarch, 1765, c*n candidate for Goretur of fo.ansjitaaui—whiut *p- by an official report sent by citizens of be lived aud died on.the spot wnere he was born. II'- preechiEg o»ir borough >n the •orih m train ot cir* j <»-that island to Mr. Labouchere, then o't' ti represented his native turn 'n the Legislature, anl tcrdsy, had tome m.sunderaKiuding ia reference to po.iu wasformanyyearsth*TownClerkaadRegister,andat calmatters,whiih(maiiy!•ii>•bi>vsaadag<.n-*3»•oldSecretary for the Colonies, it appears ways remarkably accurate and reliable in the fulfilment of fftsiiion'd kt.ock down Tbe com'jit'son, fortuaa'fsiy, w«-raSepaiaied betjrc any serious U.J-.UJ u»'currci.and other hygienic precautions, t >f her with Bo^vra IAT-T,on? of the eldest citizens of New Or- i umiauxG HxirTK itBuv» —J^fse Whr*W\r, fcreaertyneMMMof Ost afoOuaa aVflnat Can/aaV*.* J aad r* WtttC Oraaam and 0»l afeC, ca late sale*acd supping at the New YV ». liotn.TLa Karrisburg (fa ) FtUrit-t c-f t- 17J» i**t. naya — becomeanimmensenecessity.attendedtobyourSouthernplanters-I utalknown aatbc conductor of a pricerurrent for many year* circulating sixty cop** of lL-ip, r's Imqeoam* C> ft*audatiaiioDoT,aadatoneUmoWasengaged malargeI\rraipersotshavebteLarrettediaRandolphc<. N.and lucrative business.www.fultonhistory.com« . u . a similarcLa-gt 