 mmm CAMPAIGN IN NEW ENGLAND, Activity Among the Politicianstn Connecticut.MASS MEETING AT DANBURY.smartlytaring bee* natoe to p**""*ail the light posstbto to be got on the subjectat seveno clock til* immense crowd began to(Ua outer theGlWto*Chapelstreet,and* sm-ieelrjaaovol stgbt to observe toe targe number ofrsagmg Areas six to sixtoepetpebaal quietness, not in the constitution . b u t a not charge hia audience aad security of their*The Republican Caucus o n t h eFinancial Budget.l ^^S»^i'WW^t^^e>^»*Nl*w»N« ^>^N#^SV*TheSenateTollBillReiectedbythe House.JJ iajTJTJ-LTt/*'ir~tj**L ^~ir~|f*'a~<r'' " - — » » »Total3_v398verydarkbluenesswhichcolorsthe prospectsofWiseatthe present moment. He might have been far ahead of working and poorer members of the party should haveTbeAssemblyCommitteeofCitiesandVillagesreported tbepast,andmovedtolaythebill onthetableandarte another railroad bill this morning, for a road commencing the amendments. attheeasternterminusofHoustonstreet,andthence Motiontost,by81to62.through Houston and Spring streets to the Hudson river The House then refused to concur to the amondmss* at the foot of Spring street. As soon as the report or the moved by Mr. Flagler, aad the bill was returned to 1st0&^+0^*i>0***»**+0m0m^***t^^*^khall, where addresses a r e madeb ytheirrespective!synopsis:—M. O. Walker offered his lot on tbe northeast corner ofRandolph street and Wabash avenue, from the 24th tost to Nov. 16, for $1,100.W. L. Newberry offers a lot on North Wells street, free. R. C. Bristol oflers his lot at the foot of Lake street, free. The Trustees of the Biblical Institute at Evanston, offertermsTbe character of the present •ontett tn thi? State is alittte peculiar. Vor tbe first unw in the history of the organ taboo, t h e democrat* a r e the aggressors and t h e republicans acting on the defensive—one pressing and the other repelling the most sweeping charfee against which a party ever had to contend. Tueee are that the mam of tbe black republicans of Connecticut, sside from the plat, form tbey occupy, which i s b u t t h e whitewash that ©overs their principles, are at heart ultra abolitiooistB of the brsss mounted school. That it is tbe party which has carriedoutthebloodyprogrammeofSewardatRoshes> ter, and sympathised with the "irrepressible conflict" doctrines promulgated b y i t s leaders lor t h e last four years That instead of denouncing '••» coll blooded, heartless murderer," the organs of the party have eulogised John Brown" s s a Christian martyr—a saint—a atern old Puritan—a.second Washington; and that meet lags of sympathy have been assembled, bells tolled, andtheir bed with the republicans or lay aside partv prejudices, and givethe weight of their influence to the democratic party. A number of these have already taken a decided aland, and it is believed that mors will swell the ranks, 1 not before the 1 s t of April next, cer* tamly in time to vote for the democratic candidateof 18«».With one of the largest manufacturers in the city, w h o has lived in Alabama for firteen years, carrying ona branch of the establishment there, I h a l something like thefollowingconversation,anditisafairsampleofwhat afewoftheplainoutspokenbusiness menwhounder- stand the matter are willing to acknowledge—Q What is your opinion as to the feeling at present existing between the manulacturer and his Southern cus- tomer?tbey asleep? If not, they might just as well have been, Carter &Bauer, architects, submitted plana and specifi- since their being awake was of no manner of service to, cations for a buildiug on the Sauganuh lot, tocost $3,000. their Presidential favorite. We told them, over and over It was to be 100 by 180 feet, with 22 feet posts. ThereThe Metropolitan Police bill was made the specialortsr Senator Ramsay was the first speaker. after the resolu- for next Wednesday. ,.aaor«ai memory That t h e republican leaders t o t h e number of oue hundred and eight have endorsed and re. commended "Helper's Impending Crisis,' a handbook of treason, which recommends the Immediate overthrowtain his goods, without too great a sacrifice, from some other less objectionable quarter. 1 think that half the carriagemakersof this city are acting against their o w n interestalate John Brown raid, Wire is a thousand fold mora popular tbaa Hunter? How is it, then, that in that district, Hunter delegates have been appoint- ed to Charleston* Has there been any reaction to that district against Wise since he put on his knap- sack, and shouldered his musket, and marched to the deicnce of its inhabitants f Or, have cunning aad fraud,politan Hall as the place for holding the convention. Various gentlemen spoke in favor of the policy of build-ing a hall.Finally the question was token, "Shall a hall be built ?"shirking the question.Senator Sessions said that he had no particular choicewhether this caucus decided to raise a revenue by tolling railroads or taxation, but he did object to having the House bill made a party tosta word. Is tittle else than an organization whose objects can be aorompliahed only at the expense of tbe constitu- tion ana the Union.All this the republican party bare had to meet, and the result is that tbey have became alarmed Their strongest men are leaving the rank* disgusted. The old line Ctay and Webster whigs, who have voted with them for three or four years past, and heretofore have been their mam stay, have become nauseated with the oft repeatedSlavery does, and are taking the back track to the only party which represents the nationality and conservatism of the country Business men are beginning to observe that their interests sre affected and their welfare endan- gered ; workingmen are looking at the tome as one of moatvital consequence to them, and hundreds are at this m o - ment wavering, who on the second day of April next will doubtless decide tbe fate of the black republican party for at least four years to cor •. »B la time that the party have to a measure retraced their steps, and declared by resolutions that slavery in the States as safe la their hands, thai John Brown waa a justly bung scoundrel, that they never harbored a thought of disunion, and generally that tbey are tbe most disinterest-buy of certain bouses in the city, even If he bad to pay fifty dollars difference and buy from those who were n o t objectionable to the South.tive work, there, also? This latter no doubt is the case, in conjunction with" desertions from Wise, to tha persona of some of those whom he has heretofore signally favoredtain bow much can be raised in money and lumber, aad report at an adjourned meeting on Thursday night, at which time tbe Committee on Plans should be prepared tomocrats have been largely reinforced, and in many of the tow ns will show a decided increase. The opposition, how. ever, appear to be equally confident; and from the bluffing and bragging which forms a part of their programme, they would make one believe that they will carry the State by a majority o f several thousand. It is nevertheless m y own candid impression from what I have seen and heard la several parts of tbe Stale, that they are yet haunted by the memory of John Brown and Hinton Rowan Helper, and are shaking in their shoes. T h e toiling bells are yet sounding in their ears, and their endorsement of tbe "im pending craSa" ia ss ominously before them as the band- Writing on tbe wall at the feast of BeJahazzar. But while dismayed tbey are not disheartened. They have any quan- tity of money at their command, and are spending it with unlimited generosity wherever it will d» the moat good. Nothing is left untouched that haa a bearing upon tbair aide of the question, and their papers make charges and allegations with a perfect looseness. Even private char- acter is not exempt from msuit; and more than once has theindignationefthemassesbeenarousedbythecovetattacks of which U»l Seymour has been the object.White on the joint, and as Hartford Is the centre of the State, it may he well to take a bird's eye view of the character of the Connecticut press and its politics.First and foremost, there looms o p nearest home t h e HartfordFreePress,adailyrepublicanpaper,which,itif claimed, represents the principles of the party It la edited and owned by three Individuals of the most rabid Oarrtaoaiaa school, who take their "Nigger-' three timesing off of the Southern business of the concern, to conse- quence of the John Brown affair, and the fact that several of the firm were avowed republicans, amounted to more than ten thousand dollars, and that it it was kept up they must eventually stop. These are only the well known In- stances. There are doubtless others, which the prudenceof the parties induced them to keep secret.A word about Yale College. Everybody knows it is ation and address as a cow, or a pig, or a turkey. W e corrupt as the democratsfeel as if, "solitary and alone," we bad fought tbe battle A motion was made to lay the resolution on tbe table, of the "fearless Tribune of the People." But without pro- which was tost by the following vote—Yess, 13; nays,23.It was then adopted.A motion was made to send the resolution to the repub-lican members of the Legislature, which was adopted. and after some minor business they adjourned.committee waa announced, Mr. McQuade moved that allof the city railroad bills should b e made the special orderfor Friday next This motion, coming at that time, gavea sort of tacit endorsement of the current rumor afloatthis morning that tbe two grand commanders of the railroad armies signed an armistice of peace at Weed's houselast evening. This is tbe rumor afloat to day; b u t i havenot been able thus Tar to trace it to a point where I canSenate.The Personal liberty bill came up as the special order Mr. EuAweaTH (rep ) moved to postpone it one west Mr. CALLICOTT Idem.) call.-'. on the majority not to tolay action on toe bill, but the motion waa lostMr. O. ALLES (rep) moved to postpone it eight daysLostTbe House then took up tbe bill, but the OtNamtttee inmediately rose without making any progressto.19 1i«A.rf^,««^offwWhfiyin« ribbons, epaulettes, and boar history o f t h e formation o f t h e Union a n d t h e console Seymour for his defeat a s Governor b y putting constitution. The original States reserved all powers sz- him into Mr. Foster's seat in the Senate for six years fromH W wa»>««2S i j n PmhMft, w o ought not to omit oeot these to give a national character to the coafodera- the 4th of March next If tbereshall happen to be re-York City Affairs. Republican Partition of Power andThe Law Relative to Married Women's Property,Our Special Albany Despatch. AJJUST, March 21, I860.approaching election. The rival headquarters are filled affair.frith senate, and halls, offices and club rooms throughout Niw EUvss, March 19, I860.Mayor Wood completely entranced the audience with nearly), while that cast for Presidentto 186s (the highest one of the most chaste and patriotic democratic speeches evercast)wasbut71,566. Buchananhad32,789,andThe republican members of the Senate and abet to caucus again *stormystanton. Bysivote on the proposition• large number of Young Men's Otoba have been organ-teedoa both sides, and the Duty note of preparation isevery-«whoro heard,sad the-working' aspectofthingstadi-eatss the approach of one of the most determined contests sver foughtinConnecticut Inthe oppositiontheyhareto called a "Wide Awake Club," whose numbers a ssiform, and are thoroughly drilled and practised• Strident <f Alabama—Opinion of the Latter on South- spoke for about three quarters of an hour.of voters. They are beaten, because there are 40,000 re- publicans wbo are legal voters to the Granite State, and sot more than 86,000 democrats. A nd so in Connecticut, should thevotebefullyoutJandevery manvotetoac- cordance with hat convictions, t h e republicans must tri- umph throughout by not less than 2,000 majority. Such is tbe naked truth; and the HKRAI.IIdoes not mJtnnder- Btondtt _____cus. Some of these,the sessions amendment In ,mentlon of the leader, who, wilh hia organ sad monkey 1"aad a capable of selfgovernment, "evenMhouga stumpConnecticutbythe"Douglaswing"ofthedemo-blood ahouldflow unto the horses'bridles" While tbi K", therefore, la one ofthe moat prominent in theif ii>56; yet the republicans carried all four members of Congress, both branches of theLegislature, andtheir State ticket by 1,800 majority—Gov. Buckingham having 1,870.TheapproachofanotherPresidentialelectionhascon. strained the devotees of the slave power to make anotherMr. CO.VKUNUopposed tbesaotka, butwaacalledm orderontbegroundthattbemotionwasnotdebatableCentral Committee.Next after thai toteastry, la theNewHavenPal- Blaaa Meeting oftha Democracy of Dan*, It • also the most radical, t h e most politically cor- raptsadsectionaljournalwithinitsborders.M. W . CLUSKEY.Mr. FXAMKR moved to toy the resolution 00 the nssvThe Jemmrnl aad Charts?, Of New Haven, ""~—'i ef thought, but to srly one hundred years of i to know better, tt alee cats of I t sUM Thepublican,theyassertedtherewouldbenomarketsouthofMasonJtDixon's line forherclocks,hercarriages.her notions of any kind. But this humbug has brokenu>wn. The notorious fact is that nine-tenths of thesewares are sold to Jobbing houses to our city, who buywherever ttey can buy cheapest and sell to whomsoeverapplies first or will gave moat Tbey may sometimes continuance of the activity, but rather the reverse. Therennthe State, t h e ligfato,whtobtaketheir.,aadplaytheirpartsassul a w Ha vera Corrospondestce. NawHavaa, March 17,1M0.from the Mayor of New York five hundred dollars per listened to with dose attention. She said tkstosrten annummustbepaidtoreverysuchlicense. TheresultHetftftfesheto reareaeatedTYour own etatcte books «»»"-;ft»-cA^/y*ai«ia» HtoidOryW hSL. indebtedtorMsuwould The recent contest to New Hampahlre cannot le looked of the Ninth ward.Society, and aathortatog them to organize an orphan asp pays the penalty of her crime. Why •heaki sn- tornandgivingtothe Common CouncilandSupervaorswdwtas tans JsW the Passu 9nf*- toaand he appealed! (AaassmaeaLoud calls werewas rececived withhw first visit to Danbury.upvnaaanylaotoetioneftheprobablecomingresult inNewUntitled DocumentBbglasd. That Ntaie has too nttie conneeuoa wKa t-£3£aad manafaotures of Ike country to feel theaowtoasntof tn Use future; aad. moreover the partyThere arenowthree tickets ia theteld, fromwhich voters can choose—two democratic aad one republican.DsBTRrcno.v pw FRUIT.—We learn, says the Narfolk Day Bock, that the late cold snap baa killed ail the eanvpower to aid tbb charity as has been done in other in- stances. The Jews of New York now number upwards of 40,000 souls, comprising s vast amount o f in - telligence aad wealth, a n d should b e entitled to as much oonaideratkm aa maw OOIAP rvrsuasvHi ofoot bave a votes to making the laws' **JTM£*£Zthe sectional agitation which ia now disturbing theicouu*speakers.n fact, such la the unprecedented feeling here that n o try. Straws which sufficiently indicate which way the ter men in that district, the will and wishes of the massesroom in the city can aocooaoiotlata the crow Is, and a couple of large wooden structures «re accordingly being temporarily erected for the purpose, which aru intended; to contain two or three tboutand persons each. That of! the tHniocrmta has been oamed by then- fraternal oppo. nenta, " The (Have Pen,' and they in turn call the repub-Iw.n establishment John Brown'a Totnbatoc?," '• The!Free Niggers' Log Cabin." "The Freedom tfhrtekers* the fence, swinging like pendulums between pre'e- RooM " aola variety of other superlatively expressive rence and prudence, doubting whether to maketime that he wavered to hia affections, aad a committee of the ''blacks" accordingly called upon him to coax him htitk to allegiance; but he plainly lo Id them they might save their breath, "for be had made up his mind that tbe republican party was taking the country t o the devil a s fastaapossible,andthatawhiteman,otherthingsbeing equal, was just as good as a colored gentleman.''can such a result be effected except through trickery and fraud on ibe part of the Hunter men .(and the grossest ver- dancy and basest submission on the part of the Wtoe men? But we a r e fretted and annoyed beyond degree at thewhether tbe passage of them would benefit the republi- cans financially.The }"KKHI<K\T said that he did not advocate legislating merely for the spoils, b u t he thought that they should haveafairshareoftbe proceeds, aad that the hard-waa a decided one, and shows conclusively that the House intend to stand by tbelr bill. How they will finally com promise tbe question no one can tell. Perhaps the caucus this evening will throw some light upon the question.wasWeil to call the Senate's amendments clerical, hi. thej*were not so. The House bad rushed tbe bill tbresxt with railroad speed, without knowing what they wore doing. He hoped the House would learn a learns tiesiinW TOR* fflBAW), THUBSl^Y, MARCH 22, 18oo.-*ltO»LP fail enjoypacat of these htosstnfS•wind blows. Thus far I am inclined to believe there haa .of the democracy have been trampled under foot, and not been much falling off traceable to this cause, but it ia i[ Hunter delegates appointed to Charleston. Where were due mainly to the fact that two thirds of the largest manu ' Jackson, and Bennett, and Carr, that they thus allowedtbe Hunter men to overreach and defeat the friends of Wise in tbe Kanawha district? What were they doing when this great outrage upon the democracy and upon thefavor of the House Toll bill.passage of that act would meet with all the demands neces- sary, without any tocressed taxation. But they aU gave it as impolitic for the Legislature to pass any bill appro printing money, until some decisive action should be token to raise a revenue.3,149. Pratt 2,060 Since that time it ia believed b y fairthinkingmenwoohavebeenatsome painstoc>lieclthefacts, that in the reaction which baa taken place the de- pal of a large back manufactory had stated that the fall- they have proved themselves as much wanting ia discre- used, for fear that some might think the republicans asI was informed, on reliable authority, that t h eprinci-Hnnter, If hia professed friends had plajed their game some fair, honest and remunerative employment.with ordinary shrewdness and common sense. A s it i s . A MKMKBXthought that the word ''spoils" should not becity trade. Formerly the presence of students here brought to the city their parents an * friends—generally a wealthy class—and the money wilh which tbey were c: mbered was spent in tbe community with that liberality .'-!'•• -i characterises the Southern nature. Now all this is p< ne, and the visit of a Southern planter to the city Is aif:1ftasrareastheappearanceofacometTO THE EDITOR OF TBE HERALD.this inactivity is the same as in New York, viz: dulness; unjust one, has reccirea the bitter opposition of the partyThe Grinding Committee reported several bt'Js, amosf them one to incor;-orate the Homeopathic College of Nea York; oae to confer additional powers on tbe Metro-BsiDoaroKT, March 19,1860. 1he HKKALD3 special despatch from Washington in its isnie of yesterday ia in error, where it represents that thein return, and whose vote in Congress against the Nebras- ka bill was a decided element of strength for this contest. They bad a rich banker on their State ticket, and money was never poured out more profusely. The Stale wasTo Tin: BKHATE—1 return herewith widuut my approvalthe I'D! entitled "An aet to amend au act entitled an act tocreate a fund in aid 01 the tVxstetr for the fteforn aUoe of Jnvenlle Delinquenti in the city of New York, and for other purposes." Aslt is an amendment of an etistfeg law, It ii not tn etrtctDeaaopentoanobjtcuoafoundedonthepruvision&fthe sonaiLibertybill. Ruledoutoforder. constitutionre<jtilrlngthatnoprivateorlocal bill "•hallem bracemorethanonesubject,andthatshallheexpressedtnthetitle.'' But it Is obvious that the title wholly falls to convey anyideaofthecontentsoraetnalpurposasofthebi.l.and 1a day, morning, noon and night, In every shape in whichha can be served up, and then go home and dream ofhim Tbey believe ia the Insurrection of the black manat say oast, whenever he can obtain arms for the purpose, Hon. £. LL larrabee and myself have been sent for to thoroughly canvassed on both sides, the vote called outMr. MCQCAOB moved to make the New York Cay Bad road bills tbe special order for tomorrow' inamediitsty after reading the .journal.cracy. We are here by invitation of the Democratic Stateproceeded to that of j Messrs.Webb&Bell,footofGstreet,Greenpotot. Herewefoundthembuildingasteamboatof145 tons, for HieHarlemRiverCo.Theprospectswereconsideredworse' havereasontobelievethatitwasinconsequenceofthisthat Lost—86to17. thantheybadbeenforanumberofyears. Itwasallowedtotarnwithoutdixussion.sothatitstruecha- Mr.CoNsuNGmovedtomakethebillsthaspecie,sraarDr. awtaTWasaXof New Y ork, who said that t h e enthu-siasmasaalfaatsdconvincedhimthatthepeopleofCon- Since,then,tbefreemenofConnecticutarenottobe necticut,hardenedwithsStatedebt,oppressedbytaxes, bullied,thereremainednoresourcebuttoseeifssuf-$70,000, which had been squandered, end t h e State was again to debt $100,000. (Applause.) But this subject had a national beartag-a natiaaal place. Manypreposterous;bat.lfamongtheseforty-twothousandit partywillgointothecontestthisspringdividedonthe one,aadtoallshouldwsgrueasas*aaeordtogtoetretuawtanses, 1,soGod,notthehumantow,hasthesowertodeans* • * —lBs^eswBwl 1st habf*si*wadi tlltila? fsfl**lllft aUWl w h a n sell their souls for *100 or so each, the party of freedom to convention yesterday at Montague Hall, and organized.Street Commissioner—Robert Furey. or the Fifth ward.(ymmimim^of M^tttursmmt dsnyptim Bernard O'Netl, ported to amend the charter of the Hebrew Benevolent Mrs. Richard Roe, Jnst at it may hapsaa wessneoame necessary to the South slavery to raarbtoaa Bat while agricultural aegrowaaneoessarytotbeSouthwnne labor. Thsenegrowas •ton hem than to Africa, but the whites their natural idle- raid to Sewardaadand progress may yet be hasten.Butwedonot thank somanycanbebought-atleast,by selecting George Thompson of the Thirteenth ward, asnesday evening, after a lengthy squabble over itA large number of baa*, mostly of a tocai nature, was disposedofintbeSenate to-day. Thsrailroad forcesaretentton of the gentlemen wbo new tetoran themsetvee an much inthe staves oftheboothts a parallel which she drew between tbe condition of CudseSSSSBhag-SSSS'S'Swould be committed to dungeons. Have l a right to interi'ere toduageoos.Havelarighttointerfere te my neighbor's business affairs, and dictate bow he shallAndIT miduadh^rbhiltyetdlvadmfacturera la tbe city are either democrats "dyed in thewool," or conservative old line wbigs, who have hereto*fore voted the republican ticket from a feeling of consti-tutional hatred to their original enemies, but are now on "fearle s tribune of the people" was perpetrated? Were Btreet, 100 by 180 feet, for $260.A. 1 believe that there is a feeling of distrust on the part of the Southerner, which will ripen into a positive rup-Kanawha district. We suggest to the "Tearless Tribune'' to have tbe whole of them arrested and shot as deserters.And then, too, tn the Harper's Ferry district, the friendo of Wise have ignobly permitted the Hunter men to cheat them out of the delegates to Charleston. Now, does notMr. Jndd stated that he had received a letter from Go- vernor Morgan, chair man of tbe National Republican Com- mittee, wbo said that tbe idea of building a hall for the use of tbe convention was a good one; but that it would b eCUBbinding the members of the party, against the conviction of right, upon a question of finance. He thoughtif this was to be a party test they should have h a l no-tice of it before. He thought the only way to meet thisunwise to charge a fee for admission.honors paid, as If be were a noble patriot worthy of lnv ture as soon as the latter can make arrangements to ob- everybody know that, on the Immediate theatre of the Mr. Gage spoke ia favor of the superior claimsof Metroquestion was by direct taxation—there was no use of committees were the following— fAQ. Have you beard ef any instances of the total sua pension of Business relations rTo authorize the city of New York mbarrosTo increase the supply of Croton water.To amend section nineteen of the Brooklyn Qty tau-terfgMr. Utttejobn spoke at much length to favor of tbe To abohsh tbe office ef Conuuiaskmers of Records caucus fixing some rule, and their abiding by it as mem To incorporate tbe Brooklyn Land Improvement Ooa hers of tbe party He considered this their duty as members of the dominant party, to pursue some course. H e paay.of slavery tn the Southern Slates by violence and blood'abed, if it cannot be effected in any other way; and finally,that the republican party has denounced and misrepre-sented Southern people and Southern Institutions, and. is Southern correspondent instructed hia agent here not to on the part of the Hunter m en, done their destruc- ward, send them out with a subscription paper, and ascer-A.No,notaayet;butlknowofonecasewheretheand was decided in the affirmative.-The chairman of each committee were then directed toSenator Lapbam took about the same views aa Mr. Ses-sionsuponthisquestion,andopposedthiscaucusmaking ToamendthetowregelatingtbeBureaufortheCotte: tolling the test of party UdeUty. It was a question where tton of Asseaunento to Mew York.too much difference of opinion existed for that.te hcomsuciwyaaaas to ovary man's 1 . everyatta'aprontandlossf.at the head of tbe long tine of boys, created an unboundedenthusiaam. Altogether, the parade was one ton? to be the domestic concerns of any States, whether in regard they are.remembered by the citixena of Ne w Haveo,and afforded us; to divorces, apprentices, or anything else. Then slavery The 8x8110*8 allusions to New Hampshire s r e signallyon a s flsAnefai *Va> I an evidence of the calibre of toe szmy that waa said some existed to every State bat one. All the frsmers of the unfortunate. Nearly all tbe cities and mors poputons Losses—Prospects, Statistics, tfatupapen, etc time since to have to contemplation the rescuing of Old constitution except half a dozen were slave owners. Tbe towns of that State are largely Interred to ntanaJaxtoires, •> John Brown from tbe hands of the Virginia authorities President, Ceorgu Washington, with Sherman aad W ol and every oae of them is republican. Manchester, Na- Magtbehomeoftherespect*?*enndldatesforUM Theprocessionwasaludicrousaffair,andwaaheadedby cott,ofConnecticut,wereslaveowners. (Applause.) shua,Dover,Soamrsworth,Ctareeaoatandnearlyevery populous town to the State are of this character; and they are all strongly republican—generally b y tocressedI m a - tution. AH the States of the North which now advocate jorities. And es to the pretence that ths democrats dida'tWSS__t_| BBBsaVls* lift W BBS—S——Cgubernatorial chair, Hartford m just now probably the ; a tumoer wagon, to which waa a hand organist, with a i performing monkey. Then followed a n irregular a s d snoat politically excited locality to tola State. While I crowd of boys and young with a hand ofTraffic in human flesh had been invented b y those Eng- lish philanthropists who n o w exclaim against t h e insti-motley __-,— .write knots of men are gathered to the streett and upon music. The whole affair was a ftvtxpas to point of num- thecomers, earnestly talking orerthe prospectsofthe bers andtherespectabilityofthoseparticipatingtothe•elect committee.The five gridirons are laan\iTw,r-the town are thronged by those Interested in the result. Ike Effect ofVkt WMhdramal of Southern Jrade—The Pockets remarks the audience gave frequent and prolonged more. In many, ir not moat of the close towns, the voteThefact there seems fto |be a great b a r among them thatthey willnot be ableto bind all oftheir party by any ac-tionthattheymayhaveto a caucus In fact,thatwas fairlysetforthbySenatorHammondtostsveatog,when j part tn tbeproceedings. During tbedebateapssmge took place between Mr; Shworth an Uttlejobn. When t h e veto w a s taken en the favor of tolling the railroadi the same _ _ _in the we of their midnight lanterns, which are so conatraoted that the illuminating part can be detached from the result of the Southern agitation to them, and the con-[From the Richmond Whig, March 2 0 ]We have been not a little astonished at the torn things,difficult matter to bind enough Senators by the party tosh of tbe caucus to pass the House Toll bill this ses- sion.The battle was commenced last evening by Mr. Flagler, of the Ways and Means Committee, offering a aeries of resolutions, or rather what might be termed tbe financial budget, upon which a discussion followed, lasting until after twelve o'clock. Tbe main question o f the discussion was upon the point, how they should obtain the necessaryfunds to carry on the public works and tbe wheels of the Government The Comptroller, Canal Auditor and Attor ney General ware all present, aad gave their opinion tocaucus then b y a large majority adopted the Ira part of the resolution declaring in favor of imposing tela, but refused to adopt thoe totter part, declaring that tha. of the tolls should be the s a a w _ v . » 7 _ « _ As the object of the caucus was to adopt the W a t passed tin Assembly, the result isTegardod as uaslan m tor as the settlement of the dlflereoce between the homn is' concerned. The subject of pro rate was left touched.V C W T O R K L R G l g L A T C R J M .Tbe Senate proceedings were void of interestBills to create a new ward to Brooklyn; to estosssa t market in tbe Eastern District of Brooklyn; relative 10 tat New York City Hall, and for the better goraraneat of tbe Public Schools to New York, were reportedtarn- ably.the stares, said the latter be used aa clubs. They have •toe adopted a new style of cheering, called the -'wide awake cheer;'' but the New Haven Register suggests that It on!T dtffsrs from the usual ebullition to being "oat of the wrong aide of the mouth."Both democrats said repubneana have got op an im- mesne amount of enthusiasm, and hardly a nignt pi when an " army With banners," beaded by a band o music, is not seen wending its way towards some publicdition of affaire generally; but I find on the part of ra- pubneana an unwillingness to confess that there has been say withdrawal of their custom, or that they entertain any fear of such a contingency. No leas than two of tha moat prominent manufacturers In the city, however, ac. knowtedgod t o m e that they bad received letters from their old Southern customers, desiring to know where they stood, aad stating that they would not patronise any indi- vidual who waa to favor of or to any manner Interested inconventions have recently been held for the appointmentof delegates to Charleston. In three districts to the west—in tbe Wheeling, the Kanawha and the Harper's Ferrydistrict—delegates in favor of Hunter for the Presidencyhave been elected to tbe Charleston Convention, whileone district in the east—the Norfolk—has selected delegates committed to tbe nomination of Wise. We had felt the building of a hail lor the National Convention, was quite certain all the time that Wise delegates would be se-ern Trade—Fate OMegeDecoding Into an Abolitionid In- ttitution—ExodusofSouthernStudents,dk.,etcI have bad several conversations with a number of gen-tlemen of both parties engaged to this buatoees, with a view to ascertain their views upon the question of politics,The meeting then adjourned, with three cheers for the Hon. ThomasSeymour.,per support from h i s particular friends, not even our At- lanteean shoulders were capable of sustaining his political fortunes. Surrounded by a dense mass of indolence and stupidity on the one hand, and fraud and trickery on the other, how could w e be expected to accomplish, single- banded, the great and essential work of securing for nird a majority of the Virginia delegation to Charleston? W e went into his support, eon anwre, and we now retire from the field the most perfectly disgusted individual that ever trod the rough and tortuous paths of partisan politics.ittemanLetbem? I have no interest intbis queetioa oUterthan Qua of a n American citiaen, who loves t h e wholeUnion. ThcreejrsTl«>*»» J*r.•*/»«.*>*"* * * • tobeartheheat,thesweat,andtheburdenofthe fray.certainly Imiaonao There w e n , b y..gtoi, five {lessons 1. han, including the result of the success of a party existing to your State.Here the sttempto to bully and to bribe sre combined, and—under the guise of paying the expenses of demo- craticstampers—the proslavery merchants of our city aratobecmiedontorthousandsofdollarsmore,wherer«S_i^ Vand these bills are now booked to n tk_wiT 7^enth be Sanaa out of the o S ^ o T s _ ^ _ , Jaaorre? wasalfl r P l C w T W I la> • wMOCt COCUaaVlXtsBsy Wlsaas BOVfsaT t _ I BBSASWwssmsasejfssijjvBjsjy, aasUU tsasw •ssFOOn)Orw|Qfw s_nJs__L Wtfe__i Tatto Va a_ have under tae compromise, win be naarteSWaston<_On_wmltll sport wet created by_...««•_•nrtheAndinML Tlitocelebratedtoit freetof thedowntroddenpeopleofEurope, ShallweLeave wsffaMfh ajooe.JjMtsvs grown from thirteenVETOOPTHE«*v'^\'W^VAMUSEMENT BILL.^A^^N'*^^^^^^saghttoBhtcoloniestobetbemost powerful country in ths world,destroy a Union which has done to much for withtohoythrongstlmalectton o£dssasoratio senators IL^JiouTMMMtoasb«appearedtoWlmilitaryusandtheworld?Thespeakerthenreviewedtheandrepresentativestoctoaadashic^aandtowns,andsoCurieiisFmeeds-pBeUtfretolew,]t1a0gaHlOouBdO, "WHIM .- T- ntton and to protect them against foreign armies. Tbe con stltution expressly says that all powers not delegated s r e reserved. The federal government cannot interfere withpublicans readv to yield to these goldnn persuasives, we shall try to discover and report where they live and whoanti-slaverydoctrinesheldslaves. torthis spring,totfactoshowitsglaringfutility. Thetotalvoteattherecent election wasTXJnlLfljf?ever delivered in this place or State. In concluding bis Gate for Governor has now about 33,400, or 611 votoso/ the Sectional Idoocatet Ditturixd—The Politics of Ifm cheers to the "best abused man to America." of tost week ts heavier than any ever before polled there- At the ciose of Mr. Wood's remarks Mr. Swackhamer,Haven—OoUoquy Between the Reporter for the Eerald amd of New York, w a s introduced b y th e President, w h o in. Tbey are beaten, not tor wast of effort, but ^torlaokrepublicans aredecidedly uneasy this morning;l aw a s t e h e taken a t L . hour, Senators finding House was tee sarong farWilt andHunter—Progress of the Scramble.he asserted that the action of tha caucus, if It recom-mended the House Toll bill, could not bind him. Otherparties stand in about the same way. They will find it a canals, a division on she question wan called. _ ,have taken in several of the electoral districts to which P r e p a r a t i o n s f o r t h e R e p u b l i c a n N a -lected, a t least in t h e Kanawha district, a s well a s in a large majority of the districts in the western portion o f t h e State. There can b e n o rational doubt, indeed, that Wise is infinitely stronger than Hunter in both tbe Kanawha and Harper'a Ferry districts; and y e t , by obvious stratagem and fraud on the part 01 tha Hun-held on Saturday evening, at the republican headquarters. Tbe chairman or tbe special committee, C. N . Holden, Esq., made a verbal report, of which tbe following is aagain, that notwithstanding Wise w a s infinitely Strongerand more popular with the masses of the democracy thanHunter, the Hunter tacticians would be sure to trick andswindlehimtothedistrictconventions,unlesssheWisemen should keep their eyes open all the time and work;like beavers. And yet, to the face of these timely warn-,legs a n d admonitions, Jackson, and Bennett, and Carrhave "gone and done it"—have permitted the loss of t h eKanawha district, when it was clearly to their power, b yalittleactivityandaddress,tohavesavedittoWise. ThomasB.Bryan,Esq.,alsostatedthathishallwould Weareamazed,mortifiedandashamedatthelistiessness beroofed,flooredandglazedbythetimeoftheConven- andtheverdancydisplayedbytbefriendsofWise,totbeQ. Do you think there has been any reduction in the and honored. How ia it, we should like to knew, that report definitely as Idtbe exact coat, &c.trade?A. I don't think there has been any reduction, but therehas not been that increase which, in view of the abun- dance of money to the South, we ought to feel. It is m y own private impression that if this agitation is kept up there will be a yearly faibng off in the business, which in the end will be ruinous.Q. On what grounds do you base this opinion rA. On tbe ground that if Southern parents have a p - plied the principle of non-intercourse in tbe case of their sons, by withdrawing them from our college, they will likewise apply it to the business which enables us to thrive.Q. You say you nave lived tn the South. Do you think tbe people of Alabama have sufficient energy and deter ruination to attempt to carry out this doctrine of non intercourse fJohn Blair Hoge, wbo has been appointed one of the dele- The understanding appeared to bo that the Sauganaehgates from that district, is set down a s a Hunter man? lot should be taken as the location of the hall. The total believed that tbe people demanded it of them.The bin to compel the Harlem Railroad to stop I cars at all tbe depots was reported adversely.Mr. MCVTADK (rep) moved to make the Ave New Yttt City railroad billa tbe special order for Friday next.Mr. Conrxnio (rep ) said that the gentleman had pa- pered a pleasant surprise for tbe House to movtog at ths time to make these notorious measures the special order Be (ODBkHag) was proceeding to oppose the motion, wbnMr.VanHorn,tothechair,called himto order,oea*Mr. JACOB (rep.) moved to recommit the bilk.Tbe Caus ruled the amendment not to order.Mr. OosKuso raised the point of order that Mr. k:A. Most undoubtedly; a company in Montgomery have already commenced t h e manufacture of plantation a r u ties, sad other aimtlareetablienmenis are in progress. M yThe speeches of the Attorney General, Canal Auditor, and Oamptraflnr reminded ana of t h e highwayman's ar gument—they were out of money aad most have it, aadtjuade's motion required unanimous consent.The CHAJK ruled the point well taken,Mr. CosKLixc then objected to the reception of the noWhy, if our recollection serves us accuratey, Hoge was one of Wise's body ^uard, when he was a member of the Legislature, two years ago. H e w a s appointed b y t h e Governor s s one o f his military aids, and was generally regarded as a faithful and devoted friend of tbe "fearless Tribune" for the Presidential succession. And yet this same man, Hoge, is now put down aa a firm and reliable supporter of tbe pretensions of Hunter.cost will be about $6,000.Young Men's Central Republican Com- mittee.tionoftheminutesofthelastmeeting,Mr.Pabor, ofthe Twelfth ward, offered the following resolution :—Resolved, That this committee Is in favor of the nomi- nation of Wm. H. Seward for tbe Presidency.Mr. Miller took about tbe same view as Mr. DtUejohnMr. Butler thought this a local question. For instance, the friends along tbe Champlain canal, without distinction of patty, had petitioned for the improvement of that canal, s o h a d those on the Chenango. He believed this question to be one that only the entire Legislature should act upon and not one party.Mr. Ellsworth asked him if be did not think the question of taxation was one that Bhould be considered as one that the party should act upon *Mr.Batterthought not Tbecity of Mew Yorkpaid nearly oae third of the taxes, whilst she had in this cauNOMINATION OF SEWARD FOB THB PRESIDENCY. The Young Men's Centra) Republican Committee held a meeting at their rooms, 018 Broadway, tost evening. T h a to us. We always knew that democracy, in all its multi- following officers presided:—President, Charles S. Spen- cer ; Secretary, A. C. Hill. After th e reading aad adop-All these things are curious and perplexing mysteriesformshapes,wasnearakin tothedevil,butwehadno conception that It would ever display so many of the at- tributes of its distinguished relat>0\>, in tbe broad face of day, aa it ia evident has been the oase ia this matter of appointing delegates t o t h e Charleston Convention. Treachery, fraud and trickery appear to have been the only means it baa employed to crush out one Presidentialcus torn representatives than some counties.of the sparsely settledThe resolution was unanimously adopted, after which,pileyet,sadallthe ventilation andpurgation lo which impressionisthattbe Southernersare gettingrid ofoar aspirant and set up another. Withafairfieldandan Mr.Peck,oftheSixthward,presentedthe following- were in favor of hitting tbe first man tion,andit waslost."ed patriots that ever lived; but the nigger la In tbe wood-tbey may resort will never clear him out.It will give a general ides of the relative strength of thetrade just s s fast aa tbey can do s o , and are now pro- open fight Wise ought t o have carried with ease tea or Resolved, That this committee earnestly urge upon tbe viding the resources within their own limits upon which twelve out of th e fifteen electoral districts in tha Stats. republican members of the Legislature the passage of a n to rely. When I left Alabama cotton factories sad com- As it is, it is not probable that he will carry more thai Amended Charter and Police bill for this city, which will mon schools were increasing faster than anything else. lour or five, or five or six. And yet almost nine tenths ofthat came along, and putting their hands to h is pocketThey looked upon the railroad aa being best able to stand Considerable flurry existed in th e lobby, which a n a robbery, therefore they considered it best for the State dense)} packed with well known aad experienced laser to put its hands into the treasury of the railroad- and take men from New York.therefrom the neoesnary funds. Their whole proceedings The railroad Toll BUI came down from the Senate,* last evening were marked with considerable force amended by that body.Another attempt will be made to erect a party pole thisevening, around which it will be expected that all handswill dance at the fifimg of the State officers.two parties ia the State to republish the county returnsof the gubernatorial contest of last year, in which Gov.Buckingham then, as now, and Gen. Pratt, were respeo Q Are Southerners compelled to boy from the North at ger. What a commentary upon tbe deceptive and fraudu-give to the republican party a fair proportion of offices and patronage; that in the judgment of this committee, it is time that the republican party of thn city be re- lieved to such extent as is to the power of a repub- lican Legislature, from t h e struggle which they have so long maintained against the politician'a power of thelively t h e republican a n d democratic candidates Swam.The vote then stood as follows —present?A. They must either buy or go without the goods, forour Connecticut system of manufacture ts so perfect that they get a better style of goods for a smaller amount of money than they can obuin anywhere else. Among those wbo have heretofore been attached to the fortunes of tbe republican party, aad have become disgusted with the radicalism which hss been a part of their gospel, is a largefor thePratt.7,74* 7,646 4.H13 0.436 2,5364,617 3,048 2,18040,247The vole of the city of Hartford was—Buckinghamlent character o f democratic caucusses !Unless the Wise men in the remaining districts bestirMr. PxAGiaa (rep.) moved to concur wbh the Senatt'i amendments, with ib e exception of those Limitiaf to operation of tbe bill to three years, and altowing the rash to commute for tolls, and to raise the way-passenger fan one-half cent per mile.Cmmcte* HartfordNew Haven New London Parrfield Windham LdoaAeld MiddlesexToiiandBuckingham7 .S 1 2 7,636 4,933« , 7 « 3.15S 4,8*7 3,821 2,309themselves in due season, and display an activity corres-pondent to the emergency, the defeat of Wise ia Virginiawill be discreditable a n d humiliatuig to the last degree.Even here, in the Richmond district, notwithstandingalmost every county in it has declared its preference for This resolution produced some debate. The principal Wise, the Hcnterites are boasting that Hunter delegates question being whether the passage of these bills wouldthe Senate Toll bill, which has been slumbering somewhere between the two houses, was announced in theHousethismorning; andthesubstituteof theSenatetothe second section, which includes the two and a half position the House was placed in by having rushed so to cent fare ana tbe commutation of a given sum ia lieu of portent a measure through, full s s it was of most shear*the masses of the Virginia democracy prefer him to Hun-V' ®>nlfH*lettoe merchants of Mow fork see that mesa oratorshare not to bear, with their own purses, the expenses, as they will baretional Convention Ua Chicago. A NEW HALL TO BK BTTILT.[From tbe Chicago Democrat, March 19.JThe adjourned meeting of the various committees of the republican organizations of tbe otty, to hear the report ofthe special committee appointed to receive proposals forthe lot known as tbe old. Saugauash lot, on the corner of Market and Lake streets, at a mere nominal rent, free.J N. Barker offered the McLain lot, on Washingtonwill be two committee rooms, galleries for todies and music. Ax.tions of Mr. Flagler were offered. He did not wish the vote for or against toll to be considered binding or deciding upon tbe Albany and Susquehanna Railroad, but let each stand upon Its own merits.He was followed by Senator Hammond, who, in his good humored way, objected^ having any vote taken as a tost party vote, and threatened to withdraw if that was theplanofthiscaucus.Several local bills were move 1 forward.The bills to furnish the Seventh regiment with caac equipments, and to incorporate the Board of Korean Ma 8ions of tbe Protestant Dutch Church, were resortes h- vorably.At eight o'clock a motion was made to adjourn Cor tn republican caucus.Mr. rUuMo.vn opposed it, stating that important prhat business should not be put off for a caucus; aad he snjat as well s a y that he had had enough of such caacansn thatheldlastnight. ThemotionwaslostbylitoIT.Several bills bad progress in Committee of the Warn. and at half.past eight tbe Senate adjourned.M y .AUUKT,MarchH, IMSAmong the bills reported favorably from thsAnother plan for tbe same building was also submitted by Mr. Boyington, with standing capacity for 14,000 per- sons.Tbe Chairman of tbe Committee o n Plans also stated that I. H. Burch, Esq., had offered two rooms in his great iron building on Lake street, 44 by 148 feet each, for the use of the Convention free.tion, and that the Convention might use it, if tbey wished, free.Mr. Doubling next spoke.He was opposed to this canmeet o n Monday morning, select o n e m a n from eachmmense patronage which is held and controlled by their approval.Mr.M1TJxxN(rep) regretted to seethe hamiUshsjmanufacturer of sash and blinds. It was known for some will be sent to the Charleston Convention. Now, bow increase or decrease the power of Fernando Wood, and tolls, was non-concurred in by a party vote. The vote blunders, destroying the very principle of the bill. Ivery good institution of its kind, but. politically, it is anest full of half hatched abolitionism. Its faculty aremore or leas identified with republicanism of the blackestk-nd, a n d ttiough quiet now from interest, more thanone of its professors can be named w h o h a s espousedthe sectional movements of the last five years. This iaknown at the South, and the result is an almostentire withdrawal from the college of the studentsfrom that section. In years back they have constitutedalmost half the entire number tn the college; but onto641 names on the catalogue this year, only twenty are tobe foi'Dd of those wbo have come from south of MasonanlI-ixoB'sline. Tberesulthasbeendisastroustothe The Elections litHear Hampshireanit; York—littleornothingdoing. Thereasonassignedfori ofhisoppositiontoameasurewhichheconsideredan tion,andfortheJistributmgofschooimoneys.P. S—Upon reflection we relent Despite the asininestupidity of bis friends and tbe frudulent tactics of his present condition and prospects of the ship yards of thisThe Governor has vetoed the Juvenile Delinquent bill, canale was taken up as the special order, bat nuthisg which provides for a sort of monopoly in the places of was done, and the committee rose immediately amusements and other features that have been attacked A motion to make the bill the .-pec— ordertorto-enemies, we shall faithfully stick to our ex neighbor to city, and yesterday our reporter visited those In Greenthe "bitter end" of the battle now waging.C o n n e c t i c u t . f (From the New York Tribune of March 21.1Point and Williamsburg. In general the yards werefound in pretty much the same condition as those in New. by toe press. This bill was rushed through with undue morrow waa lost.by has exhaled.any information respecting it.amusement to pay a uniform fee of five hundred dollars a yearwithoutreferencetotheiraUeornhjaot Truepoaayrequires thatgnarantedbytbelaw. Ifthetawmademankind • mattbenumberandvarietyofplao*eofInnocentweekdayamusement1houldbeincreasedratherthanrestricted.Ifit thesametimethatitcreatedhisrights,thatwoulite ia necessaryto require ail eihibtoous and performances to be r true; but as God, net the human taw intoBrooklynCityPolities.fonndaState debt of $60,000, and who toft s surplus of teen* twentieths of the republicans, the attempt would b e DESOCRATIC CHARTKR NOXWATIOXS.—The dem ocratic licensed, the license fee should, In some esses be a moderatewere prepared to elect that man who. upon his election. ficient number of them cannot be bought With nine-should be found possible to buy one thousand—less than the proportion that Jodas bore to his faithful fellow^postles—candidates for city offices, the breach made two fears agonot being healed, and from present appearances not likelyand imposed not with retarenee to reveaue, but with a mew 10 man's righto I>ogfc, common sense. everythingPO"a»* the exercise of proper control over them Believing that thinbill was paseed without ha purposes hates pwaiarlj understood, a perfect equality between the scies. Washington sadThe Ship lards at Green Point and Wllliamslmrs;*assert it as being true in fact. The motion requiring anC N C S C A LWegave inyesterday's HKRAI.IIageneral reportofthefrom Thursday was tostThe Secretary of State transmitted copies of the >essstTbe utmost exertions- were put forth by the slave de-mocracy of this State last year , under circumstances whichgave them high hopes of success. They had two of the.tour members of the last Congress,both candidates for re-'election,oneofthememinentlyrich,liberal,andpopu- of somethingtodo Theprospects, however,seemlar; tbey had as [their candidate for Governor tae man to be more encouraging than to N ew York. In nor's veto:— who had worked moet for their cause and received leastand bay scales. Mr.SKILSOSmovedtoinstructtheCommitteeonMilanfact, the state of mmd prevailing across the water? appears to be very like that oi Mr. Micawber, a strong, faith in the idea that something will before long "turn! up."After calling at the yard of Mr. J. Simonsoa, at Green-' hadneverbeenexceededbuttnthePresidentialelection point,whichwasfoundclosedandnoticedtolease,weSTiTt or Niw Toss. \ Bxaamva DEI'ABTUEKT, March 21, laeU \silted, by sa sxmsmber of Congress. 186* be has been throwing hia fire. the community, and though toned downla a meaaurci i t the present time, from fear thatThe democrats of Danbury, a village of about eight tbey run for Governor this year Col. Seymour, whohas They are also repairing a small damage to the, thestoular exaibiUonaand performances which, under mani- committee, when the Assembly adjourned. i opportunity to Jump into tbe front rank thousand inhabitants and thirteen hundred voters, plea- done about the least work and secured tbe most "spoils." steamboat Granite State, of the Newffork a a d Hartford' fold guises, now prevail in that city o n that day. A bill toithe ooasstTStifs element of the. party,of aectioaahssa aad proclaim the same doctrines whicoledhimtoeulogiseJohnBrownasMagoodman'endtrue IaantlysituatedamongthehillsofConnecticut,heldamassThe change dees not seem to us a wise one, but the result line. Since last tall this firm has launched three propel j effect this object would receive mv approval, bat the one un-frlead of hie race," entitled to "the public sympathy aad) admiration,North,iauth,Sato andWest,aa oneofthe heatspoebDenaofaherotheworld hadlooked uponto thiscentury"They began the canvass carry, hoping to frighten thepeoplewithtbebogabooofoldBrownandtbewithdrawalofSouthern trade. IfConnecticutshould again gore- about80tonsfortheStateaL-land station. Theimpres-hnry.QCrkT—Y ARDS DESERTED—PROSPECTS „ DUBIOUS.sent; but it is evident from tbe siy movements of the rail road parties, that a move of some kind is about to be made.of Washington Market.The bill to provide means for the completion of theof freights. Making a few inquiries of a man wnom wemetupontberoute,hestatedthathewasaship carpenter b y trade, b a t that b i s present occupation was to walk the Btrccts from morning to night in searchhounds; but in the veto of the Governor ha has bvn fullysustained, and the vote in the Senate on the Governor'sveto,onlyeightvotoscouldbegotagainsttheveto.Tbe politanPoliceCommissioners,aadonerelativetosalehay bill that has made such a stir among the Germans ofNewYorkhasthusbeenkilled. AnnexedistheGover-Lawrence and Foulka. foot of North Fifth street, haveonthe stocks, and nearly readyto launch, a large steamerof upwards of 2,000 tons, intended forfthe New York,New Orleans and Havana line. There is no prospect of a 1 hats or rone dancing." unless a license has beenfirstobtainedstooptohumbug;tbeydecidedlyobjecttobeinghum-bugged. SoloagasConnecticutwillmakeandsellinourmarketcheaperthananyrival,theywillseethatshodoes not want customers. So the "Southern trade" hob- reached South Brooklyn that we were unable to obtain manifest Injustice in obliging the proprietors of all places of away. Some persons ssy that mere hi no right exosptisashipyard,justabovethai,closedforwantofbusiness.ofthisprovisionwouldbetoclosemanyinnocentandbeoeb rightowereconferredbynatureapon meaktad,waras eia! places of aamsement whose proats are not soffle entlylargetoenablethemtopaythesum. Thereseamstobea wereinalienable,andwhich nohuman poweroaatakeIt was our intention to have visited tbe yards of 1 urine Burt-s,footofConoverstreet,butitwassolate whenweof theaudience were manuiacturersef Southern theymayyethope. Hencemillionairecontractors,fede- tohesoon. Lastfallthosedemocratsopposedtothere- andthathaproviaionaaresosweepingaatodefeattheobjects theDeclarationoftodependeacesaidthateverysaunasr ralcustomaofficersandallpersonsengagedtomaking ofIt*tranters.IdeemftmydutytoreturnIttotheasambodyWould they support that party which p r o . money rapidly or living easily b y flavor of federal paw- gular nominee for Distnct Attorney set up a ticket of their to punish thai country it would be by the er.bavebeen levied ansa tor uatoM thousands, with own, called "independent" This section, now callingwhich the contest to now being desperately waged. If themselves "national," preserved their organization, and ef ths rapshllesn party. 81avery was abolished snore are one thousand republicans to tbe State ready to last week nominated a clean ticket The other party metin which Horiginated for a reoonatdaratton. this republic is free—that every dusen has a tight to B*.K. D. MOBGAM.Tbe Metropolitan Police bill, rsfersd to a few days since, oae free wbo has no property-who has no right to hsras made the special order to the Senate for next Wed- earnings or her person* She called theChairman,andJamesTroy.oftheFourthward,asSecre-» s cbmate and thssr l'o—cal'dto^- not at that price—or the oracles of the slave power would tary. After considerable time consumed in settling con- agate rallying, and a skirmish win soon take place.soagontotoglyahrtokfor"Money!» "Money!""More testeddelegations,thefollowingnominalionsweremade:— ley!" Though no party ever spent half so muoh to aAmongthenumerouspersonafrom NewYorklooking after particular togtohuive interests ia Mr. V. 1. Joackin- son, President of tha Hebrew Benevolent Society. Tbe Committee on Religious and Charitable Societies have reand the condition of woman. Coffee CulatoJe8_»orCoJtoe8B9itb,Ju«BSownhim Woman has as aosac: she m Mr. * - * * e *necttoat State election aa they have already disbursed, tbey are still imitating tbe daughters of the horseleech. Thus the HaaAxn of Monday says:—Collector 0 / Taxes and Assessments—Edmund Driggs, of the Thirteenth ward.h s s s o namr I toaneor ******unanimous consent to be considered at that time.Mr.It waa their opinion that tbeConkhngobjecting,tbequestionwasstoppedforthepre Tbemotiontomakethebillthespecialordertorawesthaste, but was opposed by Mr. Conkling, who, on account Bills were passed to regulate supervisors' compesmand Public Defence to report favorably on the bul to ro peal the military commutation tax at an early day. tost over.racterandobjectwereonlydiscoveredafteritsfinalpassage forThursdayofnextweek. Lost—SOto38.At tbe yard of Samuel Saeden, foot of Calyer street,. through bothHouses. Mr. MCTAM'B motion was then adopted by S3 affirna-PKKSCHBS OF MAYOR WOOD AND DB. BRADFORD, OP aod even more frantic effort this year. Instead of Gen. they arc finishing a steamboat of over 300 tons, for It*mainpurpose seemstobetoprovide for the better ob- tive votes. __M NKW YORK. I'ratt, wbo has done most of their work for least reward, the College Point and New York Steam Ferry Company. servance of Suofav in the city of Mew Tork, by preventing Tbe bill to erect Highland county was sent to s •*»••meeting tost evening to tbe large hall of tbe village. Ia spneoftbeMarchstorm,the main street wascrowded atanearlyboar. Bonfireswerelighted,bannersstretch, sdserosathestreet,sadafineband paraded. Danbury is almost entirely devoted to hat manufacturing, and the manufacturera mostly black republicans, having s large Southern trade.Theoldchurchwascrowdedtosuffocation,manyladles occupyingseatstothegalleries. Tbemeetingwasorgan- ised by the election of A. Heath as President, who intro- ducedof their being again busy before thefend of spring. AtK.F.Williams*yardtheyarebuildinga pilotboatorand unjust recriuuens upon innocent amusements upon the other days of the week. In addition to the ssettoa foretddmg amusementsonSunday,iterovideathat "Itshallnotbelaw- fu!toexhibittotbepublicInanybunding,garden,grounds, eoneertroom,orotherroomorpiaoewithintheeuyandcoun- tyofMewYork,anyInterlude,tragedy,comedy.opera,bal- let play, fame, eoneert, negro minstrelsy, negro or other dancing, or any ether entertainment of thestag« or any part or parts therein, or any musical, equestrian, circus or dramatic performance, or any performance of jugglers, aero-meatdeterminethat.lersandoneironsteamboat,andthere issome prospect* dereoiwdarauoBapesmuchfurtherandimrnsssnnnsneasaryOur Albany Correepoadeae*. AiiAJtv, Marchto, lsda.lki Rightst>JWomen—Abolitionof OopUeiTmtMn0t « IkeCentralPark Commissumen,dk ThespeechonWoman'sRights,yestordayafteraooa,byMrs. Elisabeth Oady Stanton, was one of the maraud feeturee eg this session. The AastnMr ehensber was densely crowded, and her remarks throogiioolpveresionwasthattherewouldbeachangeforthebetter soon.Mr JAQUBB moved to amend by substituting tbe P«-hberty and the pursuit of happiness Can you call aay Cjnmntemte, 4k , Jc.btacc republicans of this city had a grand torchlight procession on Friday evening tost, in order to escortan t!» democratic aide Ihsrs »sr» unwisely prthey called a silent contest" W e must not bare aH^hid*S!*;, «aaiditwaa ecaMeettnCannertn-iit Theneoolemustbeawakanada*itudto the hurh and bolv trust that yoa haw " l^refeThomas M. Tryniski30you. Tbey show that yon have aeea "•" u f9 South4thStreetFulton New York13069www.fultonhistory.comm 