 at it neceaaary to m at tbe Cry Hall,of -.be city providedcompetentaapnwaatiaaary measures d if there h o i beenand oaaaptatMiB of theeeiebr.it;oamasagrand strcess. Therewassotone single faoit that marred th.e pleasures of tbe rvomg. occasions, for the vwant of i>roper precaution*.At about halt past sevon o'clock the keeper of the parkturned en the f<» uum to its fidl force: bat owing to tbe 11. Scroll (Quadrille. Sockets.wiud being somewbat truubleeunie tbe water bad to be 12 Star ut Independence. Colored Bcmbshelht.and some rateable l'-irs and silverware are known to have i n raw imm I\B PIEICI {km. been taken. The famiily are »bser.t frrmi the city.af Arewofhswithouthoneiace and M M Bansaadia themostrapidwawsta, via, ecett»*red ail ever the ground*. kept aarfant urdt-r nsfmig the vast crowd. Mr. Gage was aaasmrl ia the arriiagimate of the even- ing by Oonaciiman Faunce, wpo redeemed the reputationthem Wo.3,••PeruvhmCroas,*'Ma.«,•'Caeoades,'' N*o.10, -Kaleidoecovie," aad No. IS, "Meehaaice' .vrms, * deserve erjiecml notice. The bombs, fired at intervals during tne evening, were much applauded. One of these, taking ef-at the corner of Eamersfcj and Houston streets. The populace were present in great numbers and took much utiere&l in the proceedings, cheering the operators aadveryjniiich excited, and drew a knife and stabbed both of the mep: UcOmkiia was stabbed' in the breast,but fiTtijnately vas- not seriously injured Tbe dirk struck the collajr bone of Brown, bending it outwards, and. runninghumlred dollars. which is fully covered by insurance mtbe fittxens' insurance Company of Wiliiamaburg Althree o'clock a are Was discovered is a stable belongingto Mr. H. B. Goodrich, en the corner of Stagg street and The Palestine from Quebec, arrived at tjdeeawtowii at Uiuon avenue. £. D. Mr. Goodrich'g ioaa was about Ave bine o'clock on the morning of the 2lst. aad tbe Giaagow hundred dollars, no inanrance Two valuable horses, one from New York, arrived there oa the afternoon ofthe sain :WBP^^Bf'•'•'• Jia»i<,.'i«jjp—•liie.peopleisthat eeeiuuan about the Citystreet. where music and dancing appeared to h e the order aot a aiagle failure ooeorred daring the esh'biti«m. As aad the feeling uppermost ta every breast was thatveyed to the hospitalAbout half past twelve o'clock, a boy, name unknown,shot one John Brady with a pistol loaded with shot, tapyrotechnist,v a c onthe ai-iagras into for thetake place at aighk Car- « beauty employed fixing coaaplieued pieces, •men akin and patience tothese pyrotechnicperfectly wonderfuL How 3} confused arrangement ofand all kind* of ftreworks, idapieadidchangesandcf- li required aat lactth street, and although coming under the category of squares, it will require much labor and a large outlaym the part ot tbe eoera-» tbej- prejper putit.ona. pieces facing them.S, Maltese Crow. Rockets. 10. Cascade. Bombshells.have occurred « CJ"the pieces ar- IP. Maltese Cross. Bombs.B TCtoo tins palfc* were in attendance, but they werer<>TOuneraic*i with the satisfactory knowledge that peaceand good feeling reigned Lriun^tthanti consequently their otherwise .badly injured her body. It se-ms that the services were but rtquired.range*: for nbtbiix—, but yeasterday the whole front aad of tat City Hal] Were covered with delicate nettings11. Cascade. Color-d Rocketa12. Fairies' Frolic. Rocketa.13. CQnstcllat,iiaStar. ColoredBombali. Stkr ofIndependence.When tbe city has stretched itself so far as 120th street no both side*, it will, and nv-.y w;th strict jua'ice, assume the ap)«lhilkat of the I.»n<k» ot the World.'* At half- pastUno'clockMo-ontMorriswasleftilaloneinitsglory,"' •nd each and all. hav ing mutually separated as they met.tempt to raarite him,, was turned uptn by the party. They were all arrested by the Nineteenth ward police, and'locked up to ansyrer.About half-past eight o'clock ta tbe evening a party of riffiaris c*teped the porter house of Mr. Gineepie. corner of Fodrteenflh strnet and Teeth avenue, aad. after drink- ing, rifused to nay for it. They were ordered out by ili!and Piervon wit^re ttsied $10 seen and l.udlow was dia- chargeuArace"ftwS(500«Si-le^ot*pla<-efrtmstheClubHouse, foot ef Court atrwt. bet •en th;- yic-liis Partririee and Niagara. Thev ssiltfii ir the u«ual course, rromthe stake boat tn itobi.ins' ft r 'igbt and hack three '""tail;distance oftwentynr.< The Paririiiije was the winnerby i>earty three mtle* V a- -h" iftwutid the =iak- boat, wb;>-h «»-^ owttmry t< the rater nf the rare, the *take mon»>y was wahbeid C iat-r.itde money wus t<t-t upon the r<»uli by outsiders. Bevera! <rf tb>wt; who Und bet on the Niagara gave-iip the bnooey, b"«ever.tbe crowd ia the |tt__ter and stronger From every • bands were to he aeen urging theirA gr*at many visiters bad come out to this place from i.'op.ej, and . left but anon retnrn«»d with a gang aooot Greenwich and'Eighth avenues, parsed off m the most N •w York, but on their return home were rather •.wicr-.'tb* nwaitf' aad began to throw stones at tbe win-SsV J>v^BPHaBB> ^ ehswM 3 P U > a.Us>t- f isaniml to bep»- The tall baildiags ia taeCrowded by ladies aad gen- view of the exciting scene :excellent, aad and"r Cspk. Id into effect without. arAsI she ssleera and the peoplewas fienWhfd for the eecaston by ScbineUer's hnt^s baad,was invested with as much inttrest in this distant locali-iagthe tstooI —«ri the evenly ib-tomced scab* in haaa sg«iarrpr- at (a* per—t and•rm. taMtof dswaad1 Chtoeata. PtdkaA Star of»• BtotoeaVfatdh.«. riiislaasT srT. Tarnion Flower, Cnhnwl Bdrtoitothe ferry that after awhile, tbertog awaett, she get out of and the ftHBtain Itself b» ng m full play aided to theMEWS FROM EUROPE,ArriTtlof tkePeriit to.EonflirtitlewYeti,ttsfHmmatSt.J«tm uitltt EUa KT Caf« lire.*>e**'*Mee«swjs>w*ej*a»«gaa»**ea0ajfBaahawa***to1EEI9 LiTOi IWUMBKL ADVICE8 TO THE 27TH OF JUHEFUCUU If TO IETIUTIM « HOLY. PirparatiooMfor «tnAtUfk ontfthe SeaptMAtan GtrrenuxMat—• ••'Dii&ciilty Between Sardkia and Russia and Spain.RESULTS OF THE BAftEN CONFERENCE.Ief* gold. wuilaliitM; et^ttfiato mnlticolored jets while suiawmating ailspare within sight of tbe llall waa while se # vefyrmity were aa many speeaaterebethe foltowingtbe tmeriOBn segk, hi« tajombolic repreaeatatHn beneath hhc. anderect a a d "beak c«tatretche«t m t h emaaaer, a i d m«e*eated mChinese, Japaaeae and Maftese eokea,andj, t h e whnat terminating, afhn- aae?.n>tea«e;af several mMatrs, vith a grand battery and ran dtjnk. Tha« was the end of the evesuagH enteriakiaaat a Madieoafqaar*forthnaghthebead,whichbad\mmbv f-f UMJwp^ciu^of:u labor-alttheeventog.didstrikei-.pabout bah* an hour after her admission into dated. The pyrote-'hCiC dhsflMay houaa Dr. Beach yesterday mem ng made a•xit frf.^i thf *niamr. to th» gate* «f whirb tbete *oh a man HUMS rash, aad a meet tinapj <km.& cx^h of i-rjwiline was the Roaeeq'aeam. Ihcfa pieae «t the pr* grarr.ivf wa* -.varriiVy apphvuiietl: and, iadaeij, Mr. Edge, mbo aaaumaetared toe pvTwtechaTj wan nrver. o» anv iiasion. or in any place, m greater favor than onthe Urn Fourth m \ladisna, square. The nstonary qnaatuiea of sulphur ii- vapuri and BDKJC which taniaUy attend Breworke _ were n o t oenplarned nf a t KadiCrptaia Bryant, with bhi poliee fbrve, was en the ape*, but the rerrtcee of hts asen were not failed inte reqaia tUn, as the utmcet harmony and good humor prevailed. N«t the "lightest «<vident occurred, aor was it possible for n e t to take place, owing to the spaciouB park, aflbrd-ing rrjcfrrt and ronveaience to an.The '-"tar of Independence" when let off, was magn.firent to look up/m ; and ft was with some diffteulty thatJru-kaaaii has deferred the inquest cnti' ?rsaday lrz.13Tress if rqj.'-hs. T»TJ5ple of Ijibertyllowered again, much to the waat.uu of many yres>.*nt. Theffclir.wingistbeprflgrammeoftbelirework?— 1 (ti'c^-* Uow-er, with Rocket* and Streamers2 Yew Tree and Illuminated DombaZ. Polka Paive and Battery. Colored Kocketa 4. Palrsioii Flower. Rockets with Herpeats.5 Afterican 8lar. Colored Bombs.e. RoseofPekin. ColoredRocketa.t. FetTssan F.ose. Rockets.S Tr>b«te to Cerea. TUnmiiated Bemba V. Yacht America, Colored Rocketa.Tbe above programme was ably and efficiently carried pistol, during the afternoon. Tkken to the Uneuttol.JACKSON sQi ARE.Thecelebration la Jackson square, at tbe janct>ouofwended their way borne occurred.Not the slightest accidentedge discharged the rackets aad the targe scene.a large number of rackets, throw - An efficient police force, under the command of Cspt. evening.street, E. D., fell into the Newtown creek and offthfltportby fogl !was drowned, it m sqppoted be was intoxicated. CoronerMurphywinholdaninquestupontbebodyto-day OstrLeeadaat t,orr»-.pondra<•. Thomas Peterson mas arrested for attempting to LOST»J.\, June 23, mot)take the iife of a Mr;John Roth. He will be taken for Movement* of Gar&aldi—tfu Mforu ia Prseare a Hen— examination before Justice Walter to-day. A little girl.,serpent*.nahe>.ex.,hadbeendischarged, Seiirm,oftheNinthprecinct,wasiaattendance,butthe Therewasagood displayof fireworks atEginton'a the nrst great piepe, an Indian Palmetto, accompanied uncommonly quiet and orderly conduct of the people Garden, 7M Broadway.*y batteries aad shells was fired. The effect was very afforded little ucaasion for their services.br-liaat. The nest piece was the yacht America m ftiU, with the American Sag flying from her stern, the tefred,whiteaadbinebeingmoatadmirably The stars of the flag could almost he counted,Desperate HetUit of Bamba. x Adviser*—The fUeamer CapturedbyOutHfeapoUt^mIkmandedbytkcdmericae Cmml at Geiw—Ike JGse/tct B-tawen Out BMM uf Petn a»<. Public ^mtiment in EngUu*t—Heasy Siormt and Rami iMtnage ta tiu Growimg Crop—Fzut oj a toj*i**-Tke,4&anlk Boyoi Jfoq Steam Savigatwn Company Tke Steamer ConnaJgkt, ax.ii is said thai Gariuaidi bee an agent and mon'-y here in London to purchase eight first class feat passenger CELEBRATION'OF THE FOCBTH D." NEW steamerstocarrypntheWarbyLandandaeaagainstice JEBSEY. King of Naples. There is no variation whatever ,u the»| JtK.TY 1'ITY. ( tenor of the news from Sicily ana Southern Italy K JS Tb»^eighty-fourthaauiversaryofAmerianInde- constant success!and{progress forGaribaldiandMwsawr'' aad ether aetinaal and pepahv airs, and a fato- tjasla freaa piaaaai aad are. ajfsto iipto'sar> aeea beg.3 of the saw » the MeattTCBtCIMOrfMdastTBss^^WaUyWatorW,WaMaWaasawstoassw,WBlaf! UUkainsured. ThefurnitureofL.Clark.Ho.3Firststreetaoka—way he had been |y. Basal!tsjgd of eartyDamage ahead $150: aasssW. il hi Pachlc far OaQfl. ttheThe hairiliiiaasailpeo-tha fireworks were betag_thereawarkabiy'pretty aad eitoited aweral hearty cheera $4001 insured for $300 ta tbe Rutgers, t h efirstflooreioqaeat mneic. Several thousand penssss were present, tangle {met Sprtag Rice), oae of the iatset aceeasmns. and £waa displayed from every public building in the city, a majority bemg laaiea. Everything paanefl off qmetty probably the aaant vulgar ssaa ta the amnaeef Peera B e hogflai attached ta pnhlie vehicle* ware decorate,l all engaged in the affair, and ahowed would sell h a soul body, breeches and boots a*he count that the old Reroiolaonnry spirit of 76 sfUl lives tn Mew give himself erene notoriety, or if he canal make Feyaes— Jersey. ^ a little piece enat he owaa pnaeipally atas a ea_hrt eta,aaa teed, while a thirdEAST BROADWAY AND GRAND BTRKKT.Tbe denizens of the populous district In proximity to thissceneofthepyroiecbnics---junctionofEastBroadwayFIRES IS NEW YORK ON THE FOURTH-three years old.vras shot in the breast and severely in- juredbyapistol fired bya buy.namedChrist*- pber Gorman, en tbe corner of Graham avenue and North Second street. E. D.A man named William Charlton was arrested by ofneer William Guischaid of[the. Fifth, for an attrnpted bur glary upon the premises of Mr. John B. Wells, corner ofthree of them, however, did any damage of account an pavmty did they appear, while the stripes were dis- and Grand strm—turned out is full force as the hour of With one exception they were all caused by fireworks.imirity T-ible. The Zaaia Peruvian was let off amid a the display drew near. Tbe windows and balconies andbatter? ofah lis aid rackets, detonating with a aoand stoops were occupied by throngs of people, who seemed FTRB IN SECOND AVKXtH.like that produced by the Niagara's guns. The Polka to enjoy the brilliant fireworks, the rockets " bursting in • Shortly before four o'clock A. H., a fire was discoveredtag, with beada. Tribute of Ceres.Oomred Bomba.moat foraUdabkfl. Maltese Croat.M Cascade.11. Fames' Frolic. Colored Bocketa.12. Star of Independence. Colored12. Saturn and his -ateft-tes. Bocketa with U. Amerieaa Coat of Arms.1~>.BVw«redischarged intheorderlawhichtheyap- p w , and were bo-atifisl :.T w^tnese. Tbe thousand arm-ersto1nit ion,of tbe body,aad detected the oatTOBivc poisoa la the straaacb. Tbe post taasion also revealed The Stct that she was itf child1 tans evidently a lady from her appearance f"be had on a bW-k silk dress, with ervt-t neck,ahoopedskirt,three petr.coaa r- with «roIlnjrf>,i edging b'ark gaiter b-iots aad itiga % e bad dark brown hair aad ha?.4lrive fart five inches in height. and abtmt twen ears of *«•'1. Passion Floarer. tilery of Japan. 3 RevotTtaR s w .4 Paprici, or Tree.5. Itoaaoada sad Benin * • ^f.tm Crem.7 •tarofAmerica.«• Revp'v teg tftataeo Ka>i»lot>rrtp^10 «-iilopad- of Berpehts.' 11 Cbapiiai of FVira.,.MSI. Tlie aaneiubly dulv.apj>rccial«d tbe entertainment, and altltcngb lit att-d so "ear in the rural districts ot the city, ttose who composed the large gathering appeared u> be 1 ver> thing, so far as respectability and iateiligence uecohctratd,thatcouldbedesired.A boy, named Thomas Mehan, reading at No. 138 Mul- berry ftreet.fcad his hjir.-l badty injured by the acciden- tal explosion af a pa-tol. Taken to the hospital.Awoman namedMargaretHughes wasbadlyinjured during tbe morning, by a gam; of ruffians, named William Bint a, ^xuaaaao [arid Haines, who hr<Ae b.-r jaw andabove [party attacked her husband, and she, in her at- waiving examination, was admitted to haii M.rf'lu.«KeyUaad Turin Letters.COWJITIONOFTHEAMERICANNKf*JCEMARKETS.The royal mail steamship Persia, Cspt. Jndkiaa. wbicla sailed from Liverpool at ten o'clock oa the morning of tbe 33d, and from Queeastown on the evening of the 24th alt - mo, arrived here yesterday moreing bringing few days later news.The steamship Edjnbnrg, Cape Kennedy, which K :1 Liverpoolonthe20Ut,andQoeenetown on tbe21siult, also arrived at this port yesterday morning.TbesteamshipParana,fromGalwayATthuli..arrived at St. Johns. N. F , at seven o'clock yesterday morning. The steamship Etna, from Liverpool 26th, and Qnecns-town27thuit..boundforNewYork,arrivedoffCape Race at half past seven o'clock y sterday morning.By these arrivals w e have a week's later advices from •drape, and later accounts from China. The news is very interesting.an eatirelv n<rw »ecc . ncT«t> fired by any other artist,aad was taaatlgasal ^mctgttm of Mr. Edge nimeelfThe MaJtesc Croae and Cascade were eminently successful.The Slav ef Indep-bdeace opened with a son of variegatederrsofcrimson,pu.p:-.greenaadreliow.mntatmgto bec-ibseofpreviousprosperity,sofellthedarkpailof NorthSeventeenthstreetcaughtfirefromfireworV=. street.Shewastakentothehospital,andiiemanMiuiden the Star of Amende. U wast dfty feet in diameter, with L _ht with drearier effect upon the scene because of the Tbe fire was soon extiucnisbed. Damage to the building ajrijested and committeit u- aniwerglare on the thousands of faces ail turned in one direction. But fireworks, like all other things, come to an end. and as reverses in human affairs fall with the greater heavinessFIRE IN SEVENTEENTH gTKEET.Between s< ven and eight 0 clock in the morn.iig therieady colored ^nxpas. termiaatiag with a grand marooned brightness « had displaced. The crowd, much pleased, abont fll301 insure*! in the Pacific Insurance Company ior battery The Fainfc* Frolic pas another original piece la- however, with the display got 141 for their esuecuii deiec- toOO. Owned by Jamt-s HeaUyBiennis JicNainan was acridentariy shot in the thigh pendence wits duly c<°,ebrat*d in Jersey City. Theky Mr. Edge, for Meaty aad effect it certaialy tati'«t, quickly and quietly dispersed, aad kit the neigh*Ikjwas taflten u>the h-iepttal.pulizia Nato wes stabbed in the back and left arm. it foaf o'clock in tbe afternoon. a.t the foot of East Tbiirtyeewenth street. byfaiivmii auiitcro. The woanded i i v taken to the Hospital, vihcu. ujmi: aa examined a,hiswoundswerefuandtobeofa<un-ionsnature, item, as S"»«i a? he bad committed the act. jumpedovlei board and tne'.i to esciipe. but was overtaken and arrested.JTwobeys, named Walter Rkh and Fred Perren, were sericitsilT injored by the diKraarg** of jiowd^r. about three o'clock P . hi. in liotli - t m i . They were both taken to their hoancs and attend^ by physicians.a—increments, tollownd nut a prog mi.tne a Inch gave and diricumlited tyrant of Naples. It is sa.U that. of the ethers. It began with concentric 'Maltese had brilliant Ilree, forming a circle of twenty f-etm diameter, the centre of which was filed with rvvoivmg scroll*, hunting and tv ist.ng la-v-rv paaaihla way. chshgiag each| moment aad display tag eewaadnaataeagures. Whenthevolleyofbombsaitb« 1ef the piece fave notice ef its rotKhwioc, the vast mass isent aploae prelaagQd shout of ai>plau»», which «f paeplievei e«ea very gratitriagto the iageutoos mveatoref an exUatwdtaaik a piece «f amwoatpaty The Jai*n«*e •aunt havailory began wtthfa -s.-'xagon. wheel of. Maltese je^amine hres iw <h c n a « * aad graen rosettes mi -to a ntagiiifKeat b#k> and gtary . richly atudded mdhoeiorediu'j^s. The h-crlpUou a red Bamc. reJajfaneae Ahabaawadars to momentary other pieces were equally Edgeanipaneul himseironth»gkv mst piece waa taw moat brilliant aad Shane ef fireworks that has been - a aphwidji embkmauc figure hav ing the memerable date of sftth a lull hgure of Washington of iife«s;ae figures of Faith and top were the words •• independence the ti teamt pteas was ignited Stuartstor) such a beautiful appear- dcuttklnothelpbreakingforth into miiMiay , while the band rolled oat raws of tbe «l«ar-spsn^lrt Banner "t exhibition, amid the tood re sfapeBed hundreds of feet iatoothers. Three horses owned by poor men and rained at anedaai, well worthy "of the •"T I «•"rockets were piece. a-oioDe, * about $300 we*e burned to death. A small frame shediday.aad * iaonlyjoettce to Ms, Edge lighted. This i\ ciroalar fraaaa of wood- adjoining tbe stable waa also destroyed. Loss* on build- he # a s newer m e n seeeessful m aay of hat work rhavmc. when lighted, laaa of various colored fire ing.- about foOO, insured ta the Market Insurance Cmsthere with iresaeadooii force.•biiam of Sreworka at the C~it?yweremasaaadaaswtopreserveswearaadpreventpersona from apftroaching too near the piecesAt ahoat eight o cloak the dtapsay eoanmenefd, two po !icemen hoidmg at ansa length two blue lights, white the , band, a remarkably weak aad poor ewe. played -JaaJkcePUtoINJAKESKrKKET-THBE1BOKSBB BCRNEDTO DEATH.About half past eight o'clock a fire broke out ta a brickatable in the rear of No. tie James street, owned bySamuel Johnson aad occupied by Timothy Ryan aaMintheFifthwardstationhouse,fromwhichheshortly ate hie escape.Morgan Killigan, residing at »7 s, Baxter street, became intoxicated ea the evening of the 4th im,t. aad fell down a stairway m tbe premises PI of the same atreet, wherecarelertnes-ofthefctberthechild'sfootwascaughtbe- tween the beat and tbe bridge and crushed to a jelly. The injured child was removed to tbe New Yurk Hospital where it found medical attendanceBLUHXJN.Ibe •iti/eos of Madison N J made extensive arrange-themeatextraordinaryeverrecorded inhistory and this great hero is tbe little man that used to arii seas— aad dip candles to earn an honest living when he was a poor exile a New York.lr eftsnnddead the next morning. Coroner Schhrsaer an mquert, aad a verdict waa itadared ia accordanceburbcou to such suiet a& it generally enjoys on the even- ing ef a Fourth of July.nuNixiJi srr*isrr AND WIRT BPOADWAY.rnti IN AVENUE B.The confbt uonery and lireworks store of George Weis-enbergfc. No. W Avenue B, caught fire from the explosiongonera! satUdai.tion. ru^d which show tbe sister citw tti.ttJersey stilt mau^Uine|d her well ki*o> H ii leiity to theCnk». awl ha«i not f'»»^Hten •• the days that tried uien'Bsouls."Atsunrise,aimtionul-ulutewa«flrwibys'detachmect of the Hudson county Artillery, at the beau AWarren nreet. At ia-*, a salute of tin't, tio -e gunswas flred fretm tlie P>e» «f M<>iTif -treet. ami at suaeet. a salute of Jhirteen gobs in Hanutton square.. Titet'onti- nenUl Guard, under command of C.i|>t.:'« Liiuliack, made a parade in the f<>»ei—><; ,hb Majesty s advisers declare that if the kin^tona end throne are given up the city of Natdea shall first be burned to the ground Such na act of vandalism » U cutoOallchanceOfaBourbone.erposbeeamgunotner crown m Italy.The two res*;!' captured by tbe Neapolitan war steam or Fulmiaante have •eea formally Inmiiadsd bj the Ame- rican Ohnso! at Genoa 1b.'lieve. aad also bj theaVrdinian Minster of M-te. They will have to be given up InTOBK B1BAID, FRIDAY, JTJLY 6, 1860.-TR1PL1 SHEET.•TV- R«d„ wrhiie. an* Woe" in th» meat Mrwiy *tyte, t e tKie .«u>rk KHtnofi ". flie Bight with 'tae aaaaTiorert tstnrs who bad congregated gave went to their feehigsi-nhnu •y « h a h l a d j/oiA vaauhed w a s s e (rr»-*t by kmg and lusty cheers and hurras. which made •the Uj»t :hr , c-i'ieid was »<wt *«jtr to make .ts « » * B rteg.''the freimgs of the multitude cenM be kept m ebeck to -on M)uafe: nor,' indeed, eoold, they welt he com- wits*«• lu termination It having gone its rounds, therears, shot hflnaell through the left hand. Taken ipitai.the Anvrlear! Ragle. A shield oorupted the centre, and thesentenee -^rT^lrmnew and forever," sheas forth in letters of fire, until the entire figure of tap temple bad vanished, A r*ignt of rochets waa the eaaawalaa af the programme. Tbe linest portion ef the exhibition waa the nhrmination of the fbimrata. which attracted much at tontion, and was r*r*<v*d with aadIbis awuufeatatKmsef STOhmee by tbe aeeenibled muHitode.The display was concluded shortly after nine o'ctoek. and thoto present departed for their homes ta area* aad with regularity. There was no crowdtag or puahing, and not aa accident ootmted to mar the tatereet of the occasion.The police regulations were excellent and wen earned out.There were some accidents! by the careless handling of firearms during the day- b>*, eeaaideriBg the amount of gunpowder exploded, the number of carnalties were hap- pily very few.4 boy about twarre ^ a r s o f age, named Hiram Fair child, met with a seriims misfortune at the corner of Willougbby and Jay strieeta. whilst engagid in expiudiag }«rcussmi caps upon tbe sidewalk by means of a stone, a fragment o! oas of them penetrated his left eye aad destroyed the *ight. He was erniveyed to hia borne in Can- ton sTreet by agenUenton frbo witaeased the occurrence.A little o o f named M»<haley residing ta Hudson ave-p^.med of, beomte they existed far below tbe ordiuarydearer.* There was <w platoon ef pntiee on the rrw.ii fwho treated tbe citiaea-" present with cnremoedable mode-ration, and yet maintained perfectranterwitb the great-est harmony and withoct being ohttged to use their r.inhe separated ia the same good order ia which they us. a atagie instance, or make a tingle arrest. In short,Bted Catherine O'Brien, was beaten by some rowdies aaknown, at the corner of Twenty filth street and First avenue. Phe was taken to Bellevie E * -pitol. her injuries are,thought not to be serious.Dunlap, aged thirty, residing at theof TwtsMJ-sixth street and Tenth tT«ne, wa.- ac- taily shot to the leg by some boys, with a smelcannon. He was taken to Beikrrae Hospital; tbe acci- dent occurred about half past thro* o'clock Pi Mevery thing was brilliant, aatiamctnry and orderly at Madiaon aqaare doraar t h e pyretechnical diephty. a n d our nattonai anaiver^ary was oace more isbered away :n Gotha-a »;th the most lively aad animating grandeur.met, b u t rather apparently disappointed that there were not as many more ignitoble combustibles on the ground to undergo the operation ef the torehlighxer. If every ward distinguished itself ta the same respectable manner as the Nineteenth, of which Alderman Farley has the sapervhnon. then indeed waa the eeiebratiou of Amerieaa Independence a credit aad ah honor to those who took a leading part ta the festivities-•niapsixs MicaJULSeveral thocsaad pereeaa assembled m this sqaareeach set'piece was 1st o f shoats of approval met tbe ear;bat the Met one excited the greatest applause. It was ufollows;—The word "Union," with four five pointed•tars foraiing an arch over the Amerieaa eagle, and the•• many happy returns of the season" would often call them together. So much for Hamilton square.MOrVT MORRIS 8QCARS.This round park at beautifully situated on a mound,front of the Washington hotel, Broadway. maa waa carried to the New York Hospital.The woundedshield of the tWited States, with two flags, (the stars andstripes,) one on each side, making the bottom of thedesign; volleys of colored ore ImlJui ascend:eg the wholetnw of the representatHin. Some little disappointmentwaa experienced by the band not arriving til! some timeafter thefir*works had commenced, and th-n tb"y <wmeabort handed. They played the usual national airs, also Tbe programme of the fireworks was as follows:—About ten o'clock ia the evening, a maa named Richard EUis was injured ta the head by the sssssaargs <* firearms; his injuries were trih.ng, and he was conveyed to his home by his friends.Samukl Thompson bad two fingers shot off in the Thir- teenth WardatamJi' of Broome and Attorney streets; taken to the hospital.A'boy named William 6 . Schultz was badly burned by seme firecrachwrs and powder taking fire in h a pocket?. He waa takes to his residence, at the Moss HotoLAboynamedThomasLanehadhisbandbadlyinjured by tbe dischatge of a pistol, at No. 2a4 Mott street. Ha was sent to the hospitalAbout one o'clock in the afternoon a boy named Fid. Eaker.residiaig at 182 Elizabeth street.bad his band badty_ injured by the explosion of a pistoL Taken U>the City" HcspitaJLA boy nansed John Games, residing at 108 Hester street, hadoneofhtsfir>per«blownoffbvtheexplosionofanue, was disfigured in the faee by a pwtol shot ftred by a ,?dance and ballad mu»tc. 1. Chinese Bower, lockets. Ne triy teveaty of the Metropolitan Police were on theA lad named Horn-' feUl from a cherry tree, 00 Fifth avenue, end broke his left arm. 8is parents reside inWashington Street.A boy. whose name was pot ascertained, had one of hiafingers torn off tn TiJlaryJ street by the premature dis- charge of a pistol. An «h«r named Smith, reaidiag m Jay street, bad one ot his bands stuttered.Therewereothertctideatsofaaimilarchar*tor,but, so far as couhrbe learned, reeultim: in no sertoue injuries. Tbe night previous the h"ose of Jtihn W Uude»hil! No. 99 Washington street.jwaalCakmknisly eatered through the grating in the sidewalk. The bnrgtare made their way into the cellar, and thence np stairs thrrtogti evwry part of the house Kvery drawer and •-Inset was ransacked,Aroworenrredata"pi>rter bor,sponthe.cornerofGraham t-weot and Myrtk?Uvi»fm* amonit a nnmber of bah" Shipwmk if ft* EarLfea aal Frtae. drunken vming men "*Thejy gwt out into the street aadfought vigorously for wnne time, using clubs andstones. < tic man was "t^uck with a sum" and knockedsenseless. 9f-veral othersLerere mjcrnd. H t a InapertorCnrrandi-onstanlePolksdl-riHHiptjm«»tppr«>s«iingtiM>figbtby taking wum j-rsptai iptn custody HSOV'V Wm. Lud- Onr London, Puin, Baden-Btatjen, Berkn low. Wir. McCSuskrt . Piit^-ick lj«yt<m :ind Hecry Pierson.Thr\ n t*re bmnght before) Jnst icr t'onrwed. and 1 Avionground, nndtr tbe charge of the captains of preckncis Eleven aad Seventeen, and four sergeants, and kept tbe crowd ia a circle around the tountmc ia the centre of jtoeThe set pieces were arranged in the form of a pqiiare, famine en either side, m> that all persons, no metier in what pact of the c.rtie they stood, had aome of tne2 Dlnminated Tew Tree. Colored BombsheJM. 2. PoUta'Dsnce and Battery.* Colored Rocketa.4. Persian Rose. Rockets with Streamers. a.i-tarofAmerica. IlluminatedBombs, fi R«ise < f pvkie. Rocketa7. Pass.on Fitiwer. Colored Bombs.5. Tribute of Ceres. Rockets.Id. Saturn and his Satellites. Rocketa IAAmericanCoat-ofArms.The Freiocb Imperial Mani- festo oa Pnimia.DEATH OF JEROME BONAPARTE.gratily lag manner. Tbe immense and enthusiastic throng, chagTined to find that they could cnly travel a certain dow dnd alwe nun ted open the doors. Oiiieapie repeatedly 4 the City Hall. Tbe cars aad stages gathered m the square as early as naif-past eight, afiura- Length on t b c n r m railroad, owing to a fire which broke ordr-rj-d tiem away, but they seemed determinedof it, so frequently aad completelyed unmistakeable evidence that the population of thatcut in the neighborhood of Thirty-sixth street. They had, however, one option k-it them, either to ttt in the cars ,sr make the i».*t U.ey could of - a bad market." Some preferred traveiling on foot until they met wish a conve- r«-nt stage, and others doggedly determined to have the fullvalueoftheirfivecents,andremainedinmtu quo.SEVENTH AVKKTE.The exhibition of fireworks in Seventh avenue andtn k<4p na in their' riotons conduct, when he tookdrwn afit%Mog piet'e and fired at them. One of tbe party,a v*nT,r map named Edward McKeever, was shot in the- -ie. the others immediately bed. and the wounded man The ya'bt Julia, 'iy>n|c at the i'o<>b dock, deserves ws= ikkpn to bis residence. N«). 45 Wen Thirteontb street.fl route biucked up by a solid aad vicinity are aot wanting in a proper appreciation of thethe horses seemed glad and some- spirit of the day. The roofs and windows of the neigh-T?E VJACET JLXIA.tic frequent stoppages made by their at,inwardlywarnedthattheFourth ra little ofteaer ia the course of Of the driversaadooadactorsThey looked a little to whose perseverance tbe inhabitants of tbe Ninth ward*gk_k>ue fourth," they are entirely indebted for the display. Patriotic muaicspeeial mention amongbortogbuildingswerealsocrowded. Thearrangements,whichweremostexcellent,badbeenmade under tbe personal supervision of i'o*toc. M.IU S'A.*W.HisrecoverOissaidtobedoubtffil. b-illespieiinmedAlely stfrrend<*r«ahimselfu>tbepolice.Abtp.lrie|teno'clockA.M-.aboynamedQ.R.Weaver was arcidoaially irjurrii in thf hand by the dt-«eharg<» ofour rei»)rts ofthe celebration.^bewssgaifjrdeckedwith;"'.u'>ti„'li'.Iday,andmthe erenibj: i-aveia splepdidpyrot^hn« <ii«p!ay. which bad abeeutifujefT»»ctonth..At the junction of Weet Broadway and Franklin street, of some fireworks that were outside the door. The flames whereoneefthehighestlibertypolesinthecity>iswereextinguishes!bytheiiromen.jlbunagetotbestockerected, aad from which tbe stars and stripes were Boatm. all day, a display of fireworks took place in theevening. The pieces were not set up until alter sixo'clock, which was a very fortunate circumstance, as hadthey bean placed at position during the early pan of theday, the heavy shower in the afternoon wokld tbe HKR.I;1 office caught fire from some firecrackers. NoflhDoodle.'* Whea tbe blue ughtt had burnt out aIa oar home politics, the greatest interest ,e at the above facts Deceased was a native of Ireland. ments to celebrate appropriately the Fourth. The day waa tached to the present anom_tons position of ibedapiay- than ae Wedweadav haw, far he has added 1 running rcnad it. The whole had a vary pretty appear-pany.— —ta ids -iready biga reputatioB aft a pyTotoehaiatFimrrtiMS ait HAMPAK s«t'itt.the pieces followed, each other ia rapid succession, all of John S. Williams, on tbe second floor, aajl was ceased behpMthedtoplayefpyretechay'beingremarkablygeed.sadjudgingfromtheheartya*MewYork, fira-Idnseregtreabythecrowdsveryoaeweaweflpleasedwith bysomefireworks.Thebuildingwaanearlydestroyed.ance aa it revolved rapidly oa itaaxto. Thesparks ,1threwFIRE IN FIBST 9TK1ET.Shortly after Bine o'clock ia the evening a Are occurred; i f f asaaasd 1. i miimiiaii faa aMtMBsafl af Hal *ti*-1—'i dtei. they bemg placed rather ctoaar to it Uun was found1 atoaeant. Then eaeae aastbar dsajstorge of rocketa, while at No. a First street, ft originated in the carpenter shopTHE POUBTH IN BEOOhXlH.y was celebrated in Brooklyn by the firing of hundred peraoas ware erected, The enerctaei were as pavers; and new they throw oat thoC-asah Bases Repeal1 tdassa:tsatrwiia3saiwwre.stoW>fa»J>a^ •theaamberaadbrillmarvofthestarethrownoutoccupied b y C. H . Giata, dealer i t hides ofaFireihgiae; thai, when lighted, waa flflflO; insured for 01,096 ta United BtotejThe BarSpangled heartdyeheered,aaawaaavery^ * y 'yl*"'^'^ paay TbebuildingisowaedbyAbelSmith. Lata!i atmiatore flags. The ferry boats and vensete alongnantweregaytyuiaaaanati1withflagsaad tion—aportahoatasatfbrSaaLacosrafoorPocouUigo.piece waa buiwtog two battorMa were let off, which threw by water to the extent offlflO,ae insurance Tbe roof ef So. 7 was burned oil. aad the furniture of theCornelius Eirbv, wasta the Hamilton Insurance CompanyBaaiaian being generally sasneaded, the THE TWELFTH BEGD1ENT. .INDEPENDENCE Tbe terrible stormy weather aad alamet jnciaw nt ratesColoredthewd daaok a game ef aoda water, which,hww- general eflbet. The u^wdCoicred Rocketa with I TTmntastrtl't her >el worse; that she waadered sheet n a aad finaBy fell into the areaway above(The satire y wtodow end apoa every reef la the vicolored bomba fotiowtd. which were,of a most attractive Lainre. aad meat off with great aerial force aad power.The exhibition was brought to a close About half peat nme o clock, and the happy aad contented gathering'About half pall flee o'clock a boy named Albert Kicker, At ten o clock the square waa eoaaptotely deeertod and residing at No. $00 West Thirty-fifth street, was aceideat- charge ef Coencihnen Couteito. Mr. Hatfield had the cou- the whole assemblage retired to the other aide of tbe aily shot in the forehead by another bey, with a pistol,to witnen the irewerks, which were under thettact for making them,aad so welldid hefain!itthat ofthenight. Waltzesandpolkaswerewellgonethrough, aquantity ofwaddingentering bishead. He wascon-orthe public funds yet to moke it such.rived there about nine o'clock, and was agreeably disap- pointed at finding so large and respectable a meeting.young man namedJohnson, bet better known aa "Coffee. The boy was standing hi front of a store with hia brother, when «ofiee, aq represented rame >rp and fired twice in his faee. Tne fellow tirae ptirsned. bet escaped.Our reporter ar-handbadlyinjnredbythedischargeofapistolalNo.49 liuiberry atreet.sdmoel MeCraeker was arrested ahoat half-past five o'clock by officer Doyle, of the Twenty sixth precinct, for shootingJohnJaddintheeyewithapistol, thewound ed than wan conveyed to the New York Hospital. Tbe af- fair occurred at the saloon No. 365 Pearl street, kept by Jodd. Both parties are said to have been under the inThere were twelve alarms of fire on Wednesday. Only fluence of louor.About half past eight o'clock A. M Mr Dunham was ac- 11Jeptally shot in the leg by tbe wadding of a pistol. He wad taken to the hospital.Edward McLaughlin was struck on the head with a slung shot ui the Bowery, about half past ten o'clockdoubted'ytheworkoftheincendiary.A man named John Ryan, whose home was is Smith•aad colored Battery eosaaaeaced with a rich hexa- air," aad discharging showers of varicolored and gutter- in a butcher's shop, owned by Richard Higfaburg, at No. in the evening, by some person unknown. He was con- *mth Fourth and Second streets.vertical #heeljof greal brilliancy of iodine, jessamine ing stars, the Roman candles, the Catharine wheels, the veyjed to the tiospitai by officer boiden. of the Sixth pre- radiant hresj nictaliagj to a splendid battery of Tftl Second avenue, Tbe iiames were soon extinguished 1 cuict.Konaac caddies of cropjon, emerald aad blae stars. iieviom surrounded with flames of red, white and blue, damage about *7ii. insured. This fire, it is supposed, was • eshihdiswapolfea]danic« ajfyanegairil nre*. This was which lighted up the scene around and threw their bright the act of an incendiary.Bet«v Itjrsc htd a loaded jristel di»-Uargeii in her face dormer window uf the dwelling house No. 7J l-vllaniet humden.a colored man. at No. 45 Elisabethan>. fixtures about $400: insured m the Butgers Insurance Company.At 10.2o A. M the building No." lit) Ladlow street,caught Ore in the roof. was done.Extinguished before any damage At II 10 A. M -ome beets of paper in the basement ofJAbout sen o'clock A M. a boy named Somael H. lake At 11 30 A M the roof of building No. 177 '-aureus was arcidentally burnt by the ex'plosion of powder in hisThe owners and masters of veeeeie h ing in port, pro- fact the Kin* of Nuples—no lunger the houg af the Iw * prietors of hotels and public Vriiuinn:- das>iejred their Sicilies—dare not do one tdagte act that woyld aaem t*colors .luring the day The b*Ue of tbe respectivechurches were rang fbr an hour at sunrise. noon aud sun- give defiance to Victor Emanuel, although the latv-r baabeenvirtuallycarryingonawaragain**himfortbe_at s i s weeksdamage.street caught fire (rout lireworks: soon extinguished. Da- pot ket. He was taken to the bospitaLer that at, opportunit;, may be ».v u for h-r Mm.9rvera! ef these pte<W wtmtoff beautifully, although a f«-w appeared tr bare] i«<ta affeoted by dampaeaa. The tart pioct' was the '-rowuing ftlory r4 tbe whole. Mseated the Temdle of Liberty, with fanhdation pillarsiCOUkrESTS A X D CASUAL TIES.o'ctoek a boy named Augustus Eiker, aged aad dome wfci.h was sanuounted by a repreeentatioB efForty-third street was a bYiliiaat auair, under the direc-tum of ansae able assistants of Mr. Edge. The display apiai.! at Mo. i93 West Twenlieth street. He was taken extrpniely (Kiiltc aud uttiutive t.j all jx.-rswia who visitedto lleilcvue Ifospttal.A(jennaawomanrnuiedliooaMarrb,residingatNo. At nine o'i-lock a large apsre was cleared by the fiolrce, ty as m the lower parte of the city. The crowds here 107 nidge ebret-t. was itccideuuilly suo. by her Uuabaudrui£ yacht, mid, entei'taine/.l si^-a; ^ ers .a the moet boapita-blemanner. «whichot-eupiedaplatformiathecentreoftheM;inre.aad several rockets, sent np ia rapidseerersien. indicatei to the waiting multitude the comtueacesaeat of the exhi bition. The pregraiuine. as published in tv.<.u»t-day*3 Hra.\ip was followed out to the letter. The opening pi«*. which was a -'Palm Tree,"' elicited innumerable "Obs"*were very large, though of course not so dense as aboutthe City Hall aad other great squares. The pieces dis- charged were exquisitely fine, and nc accidents occurred to our knowledge. The people separated at about ten o'clock, well pleased with Mr. Edge, the Corporation andin toe head by a pistol. Tae wound is of a seriius natuaw.THE S"OURTH[ Ju^ VVlLLUJISBCaS. Cnutt*', jcasiAxriEs, ETC.ThefsraVr were afi gentkwaanry aad poiie. executing and Aba" of surprise aad deligtit from the multitude. themselves. their dams fin-iv and yet respectfally, and the public which were repeated throughout the evening. The piecescould aot he otherwise than satisfied. There were were all beautiful, and demonstrated the perf-cuoc toaaaacaaeaats Anno the Fojarth, Second and Tenth whichthepyrotechnistsart hasbeen brought. AmongThe Liverpool. Netw York and Thiladelphia Steamship Company have contracted with Messrs. Tod a McGregor, Brown. Two of them were damaged to the amount of six the celebrated builders of Glasgow, for a new steamship for their line between Liverpool andNewYork Theofhnt brethren to seme extent by evincing mach polite fect upon an Eighth aven ie car, covered home, driver and otherwise evincing their approbation. Another display" 'through the flesh, came out near the shoulder. McMarmneas aad gentility. car with a shower of sparks, which ex:ited consiUerable At eight o'ciock the Park was crowded to excess. A nierriment. *largeapacewa£dividedoffimmediatelyiaCroatofthe Thebunpiece,the*•AmericanEagle."which waaa, one w_4_. all those who were provided with fine display, was receive 1 with tremendous applause. Ninth avenues, a select exhibition was also made, assistedwas! immediately seized by two officers, and taken to the staiijon boner. The woanded men were both taken to then*homes.Brownbeingunabletowalk.When the first rocket shot op highiato theskyaidbandintovariegatedstars,a 1echo of apphwae arose from thoaaandaof upturnedFrom time to time, various private display* from the n«& o;' neighboring houses added to the brilliancy of thebelongingtoMr.G.Stevens,theothertoaMr.Beauman About three o'clock P . M. James Thompson had hi were burned to death. Both of the above Ares were onFIRTWORnS IN OTHER FLACE3.Therewasaveryrtchcrke selectionoffireworksletoff lin.4'enlupan-'?[-oketothelady. AtthisMcMannbecametook place at Murray Hill, and was received with muchby volunteer rocketa and an abundance of squibs let off by the boys. To add to the attraction at this latter place a splendid' blind band played exquisite music during theenthusiasm AtThirty-fourthstreet,betweenEighthandday. BothvesselsreachedL:verpooJanthe"iiA.The Arabia arrived at (joeenstown at hah* past sev-n ea the evening of the 23d. after a dectection of six hour-"A tWribta fight oocurred about half pest nine orclotk inthe rjrrr.ing, at the foot of West Kiirty-second street, atthe IfTeeiiawken ferry, during which two of the partyweroj seriosaly stabi*d. It appears that one Henry Mc- row of frame buildings on the corner of North First andMaah was walking down Forty second street with a tody,Eighth Ftreett, E. D. T)Sey were owned by Mr. DavidH.when two spen. named Samuel Brown and Edward E. Conk-A womap. named Ann Hart, was accidentally shot in tbe ani while gUttiUm*: m front of hor residence. No. Ia6 l^card slreft. She WM taken to the hospital.have completely spoiled them, and thus de- prived a number of our citizen* ot a sight theyalwaysexpecttowitnesseachfourthofJuly,aad wham indeed forms with many of them no small featkre of the days enjoy stent A small number of music 14ns,\ part of the Sicilian Baad, were to attendance aa<i played anumber of popular airs while the fireworks were Ixauglet off. The number of people preeeat when tbe display damage wilt amount to about $75: no insurance.commenced—which was about eight o'clock—was about At 0.45 P. M. a lire occurred ta the dwelT/mc No. S Ulive thousaac, the windows and roof* of the astjaaast West Thirty-fifth street. Extinguished before any dam- Itai. where he now lies in a critical state. A man named boats as it was eo—ice into tbe slip. Murphy was lead probably until the reinforcement of bis Beet of steamersmagetrillingThe alarm at 1 42 V M.for tbe Sixth district, origi-nateti at the corner of Jackson and Front streets. Cause unknown.houses were also (Hied with people: a squad of pulicuiBjen age of account was done.iWm.Bobbinswa«burntinthefacebytheexplosionof powder m Franklin street He was taken to his resi- dence, Ne. W» West Bnwdaay.f*-t Intbeeveningagranddiaokiyoffireworkstook ph^'C on the north side of Vanvorst -quare, o«m<nenetng at eight o'clock and tostmg vntil ten o'clock, with music by Dodworth's baad. Tne day parsed oil very quietly; tlK're were a few drunken skirmish**, bat no accidents from tireworks occurred to mar tbe feativiues «<tbe day.By the -teameT that leaves here a week from io «uv >ou will probablv get aev.s of the kndagof a division ot CaribakliN army in Calabria.or perhaps near Xap—e it-The First distrist alarm at 740 P. M. originated at 1,17» Broadway, in tbe boarding boone of Mrs. Weaver. The. The member- >r Engine Oompany No. 16 were atuoketl at the esaner of New Bowery and James street during the evening by a gang of ruffiians. The memberi- were drivenaged A3 years._ _ _ _ _ _ushered in by a salute from the Rmgvid Artillery ef Mornetown. A beaattfn grove, -.eionj. eg to the estate of the late Dr. Green, waa aeteeted for the site, ahead some stand snrmoimted b y flag! tor tae speakers, another Cor the m—ic. and tables capable of *ccntoaodating fleaof Pears. My lards have not only set wbem ap ae adjudicators m adjo—uag tae finan- cial affairs of the natien but also to oeetrovt ueeful >eg.aiaiton on every subject that cessesThey first throw oat, by a large ma-onty > tae Paper Doty Repeal bin, thereby ievytag a round a_iwater. She was ore liU ^ of tireuorijs. Hr. Waterbiir) . the a^'Umt cinumander, waaAt one o clock yesterday morning a fire broke out in aMore than nve thousand persons aFemitted to witness IV lireworks on the coraer of Ainsic<-asd l*v<- Btittts!nis side, and fear, vacillation, disquietude and with slugOfrf in a pistol tired by B«ae unknown person. Common Cuuncil, aitbaugb not rrry evtet,:-ivf in their no action whatevrr on the part of the uaiucaytbe ropt. and one af them. named John Miller, was, A sem.-mtOMcuted indivnlnal; mustd ltann>! Murphy self. Tbe latter, however, win aot be attempted it ss thoaght, fatally injured. B e was taken to the bos endeavorea to go op board one of tbe Jeraey City ferryeras arrested for throwing stones, aad was locked tag hat little sop,a lad ot tfa-ee years when through some from England. Certainly this campaign of Gertbaid! s mlien and » qanrtar of extra taxes an the putass of tbe tax i,theringingofbells,paradesbythemilitaryaad follows;—PraverbvtheRev« L.Tattle. TheDcciara bin anothermiasmtneatdirectlyretatealaoa*formaftK«ofhideaeoaeticeWMrtai byDr.I.C.Cook The taxation, andthetaroaaisteacyendseainStayotta* Mr.Williams losswillheabout$300;insuredfor$400fit civicaaanciationa,andbyadisplayofatowins- lathe oration whichwasappropriateandeloquent,wasdeliver- PaperDutyRepealMBaffairisthatthepistmtwasstart-theMarketmearaaceCompany. Thethirdfloorwasoc- evening. MeanwhiletherewanaBfflflataafldm,enoaed edbvColonelT.B.Sharp,ofNewYorkcity. Avolun elbyapa—ma-pear amanafyiieswehf ImilMen- cupiedasacabinetshopbyJohna^aapaB. Lossahoat bytheffliBgofcrackers,gunsandpiatola Thenational teerGleedub,wiltCoancO'sBransBaad,diaooursedrantBetween twelve sad ana o'clock yesterday (Thursday)morning, a fire was discovered in the ambrotype gallery of Marks It Satocs, SflT Canal —aft, caaead bycrowdel with pedestrians at aa early hour a n and e~sirsir- beats were fall, end many thoa-hdt the city » escape the ao_e anu heat.tary aaade a fine danday. Ia compliance wish of "Brigadier General Crooke. the Fifth brigadeon Cumberland street, at half past seven the morning, where they formed ta line ta*Col. Abel Stata regiment, Co!. AUred at Wood.Ctd. Samuel Grahamaaafl, Col aPahael Isanett.it wan preceded by a hand af made They Cumberland atreet. Hanson phase, Flat- mV Atlantic atjraat,sjanah atreet, Sachatt street west. Jerale- saeaaJHul ladCaart atreet so the City Hail. where theyaalaasdiaia af the Cowndl. after which they ware diamaaed.thereafter the members of the Ancient Order Bams, amnbanng aeariy two , marched to the City Hall, aad, entering Fattoa street, were afcw reviewed byGUAM).TO TMfl BBtTOS OF THC HKKALB.Sepposing thai m to morrow's paper you recapitulate year " renew" ef the military aad the Fourth of Jm>. I take the liberty of calling your attention to the om*. sion of the Twelfth regiment. Independence Card, tramc<the Second brig_asice expanged b y the kind can of the Majer General aad ear Brigadier of the Fourth, we feel tut a little teaaciant af the recognition af ear exiateaee eveniCorps ef t-ure. oneof r twenty one pieces, aad eight casv i Ah— treat—ia all about 330 men. aadcr1 of L i Colonel Henry A. Week*I correct add oblige youri renpectfxtiv.for tbe wet six weeks hid fab* to bnag ea both a famine and aflnancad crtats. The aseadewe aad paatures are neartv all ttceded with water, the yeang t a n a crop • one (f the asost tanpanant to the Issaaw andasaek ra—v-.< IIla-el afl desaroyed. grata at aaarty diueaed eat a all the flat country aw-dows thatcentat to eeflttartncsysbe•ure supple/of food Wefeat it iisubty aJreadyfar al- mtm every seri ef botcher's meat a aew not __. than ant CAN ALThey carried several htnetlfhl atft ban member b e n the regalia of the order.THE \*ETEBANfc O F T H E W A E O P 1812.Csonagreet. and thesecond proceeded downfahaa atreet. 'very wefl.ef as—oiks m front ef the City Ban, fanwhedby m. J- W. Hi«iaeW, pyroteehaist.^ ef W^ •rtjMbM fl__.ltrt_ata» >_ ^__f> __ps_r_____naaff* f____9B*a_ <^ _a_flhPBanlt—^otl*--. Leatssg at-caeal wader the tentrant tasembkd at the Mercer Hoeae. and marched to U K CityBaU Fhrk. where they ware received by his Honor Mayor day. la the ewensag there wen, a apjandtd dtoplay Weed. They then marched through Neaaan street toUntitled Documente all the pnMie Ianlaaaaiiliiiaii dartag theof wesflfA | lull • erected between the Hah by tbe fli eahlj a which dneouTsed delightful samx at aitervajsThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069r*treabtnent*.after which they were way heme ta good order.dhanaamd andNan Yuax,Juiy5,lA6»HENRY A. WOO,28 Second street.tamly we have - aot anarticatarry aa e sry wwik_ta estpeesi ketoa de—as») sr m the The Attantic Royaland a spectal g—era!day st the Lendan Mervey tew*, tanflhe MarojUie at Cesaxicarae,The Veterans af the war of 1S12-U-14, under the ce—-After leaving the Pack the fltatdtvanan marched doami •aad af Cot H. Baymoad. about eighty ta number. aa- Fdwar-w. Inmhert, sDrwnn (vessel £ to IK called the City of New York, sad w.H, a site and speed supaas any*bf their present fleetehllting (twenty four cessnt a pswadFa* are by aoa ^_ _ . « _ iiiaiflifii B-iassssrin ah__l_B_B_a<i M-shr* --OBBPCWBBSBW •rmsssaasflsJwejne '"-^^^•w»we — i ^ m m — ^ ^ ^ ss aasew— the price af bread grentty an thert tSey aejoarned www.fultonhistory.com 