 Parato which are bad. TataCrqsteart, entitled • Ik* Le- a Qtery,'*aoivel, "'Ml* Brown, Sveof eternal stepheaeoa. la far a Bagrapay at air Huga Myadei-ac w.IN HA V ANA.«NUBO arams D»taiCT corar-In peraaaace to am erdav issued by Judge Bate, Mr. J a i n F Dwight. ax Asatatoat Uaited StatesPriam ef Wales saving omcladtH ate travel* thrwagb ttoBvteteh provinces sad tbe United States, it may be a aiatter of taterent to follow am Royal Highness throata hta roam, vote down the hmgth af eaab dsv's journey,sadadduptbeaggregatenumberit milesbe travaileddartac bis Amencaa program Accordingly we bam beam at seam trouble to compile, fram the flies of the HXXAU>, the following chronological summary of the rojaiIMMm*10 —The rYiace of Walea sad suite, oonsisttng of thebe Carl af 8s, Birsans, «aaeral Cbptaia Gray, tbe Boa. Mr Btott, Dr. AckUtnd sad others, embark on board the steamshipHero at nymoath.IS —the Hero, with the Priam on board. accompaniedby the Ariadne, eater the port of St. Johns, Newfound-T oWAUB —As an American, and out cf most profound respect I enter-tainforyourroyalmtitber,QueenValeria,aaaisoforyour•"* '"MIII ,11IIIland, sad east anchor, at seven o'clock P. bt, under a forsJta iisnmiuaitoo ef l a n e V Fowler. Mr Dengbt re- roysisahite In consequence of a hoary fail of ram, the4—Arrival at Kingston, amidst great excitement, innonet queooe or the arm attiiude of the Dofce of Nowoastle. Tareata were freeiy utter«d by tbe Orangemen toburn the Prince in effigy. Stormy meeting of tbe CityConned. The Major informs the Council toat tbe Prioeewill consent to land If the contemplated Orange procession lane and land at Aafuia Creek Thence they proceed by ta given, up, »ut not otherwise, wh.ch is far from satis rail to Richmond, Va., where they are most enthusiatti factory. Third wrand Master Cameron orders toe rally received.uAykmu. IV. Septemoruj, MUU-XXIX.'' (aihanansBBaar, tore than ears, however, aad rbtmnasjoed, feasted amilaraed aa 9saday, aad reports that Mr. l a t t e r bad been very lU frta yette* fevtr aaa w u enmpawdy prostrated Tba fwtewmg am tta principal points of tbe interroga teras, eighteen In number, and -vary lengthy .—Ta tba a n t teterrosjasary be tape —I am tarty two yearn of aga: a a at a meat residing ta the city of Havana, in tte (aland ef tuba, a a a tawytr by profeaewa, aud ati ta aay apeatai biamem. 'aeaye—1 waaOapaty PastSMCtar of tba United States of America, at tba city af NewYah, from aboniMay1.1S§3,uattl MayIS,lsxtt. at. a sated i s that aapaeity during tbat time.royal party sleep on'board tba Hero.*t —Landing of the Prtaos, under a royal salute fromthe Citadel, the vessela-or-war Ariadne aad Flying Pish. and the Freeeh war steamer Jesastris. Tne yards of these Tterna are all manned, and the Prince is received by Governcr Sir Alexander 8aanerm*n. aad drrroa to the Government Home, under aa escort of volunteer troops, accompanied by a procession of the several pa- triotic and trade societies.•lo —The great ball at 3t. Johns, Newfoundland.M —Tbe Prwee holds a levee, after which be embarks for Bailfox, Neva Smtia.113S.) • fated into a store amiable fraam of a t e d , elaUtex waametamorphosed taiu a lib*fitful place, lis bareor becamethe figures are Loeia XV. of France aad Maria Le tbe BOM magi lucent of baroore, and tte people the mostIB u s a a to the fourth awrrogatory be aayt:—Aftera y l i s t tppoinhnoat by Mr. Bnchannao, ta tba springat We", a bead waa given to tbe failed States fur tbefaithful performaaoe or daeaarge of my duties during tbaterm of that appotatmenl Such bead wet forwarded which he maca a suitable reply.The Prince ta ta insultingly The *Yince offers to receive the address of tbe Raj or and Corporation on bo*rd, but8 —arrival at Baltimore, where the Priam receives the usual ovation.9 — His Royal Highness arrive* a t Philadelphia in t h e midat of the election exc.tement, which diverts attention from t b e royal party somewhat, s o d readers t h e reception of the Prince less enthusiastic, than it Would otherwiseajmmasaarery,withMrMsargsLawanaOJiveri.mai'bnJi escortedtoGovernmentHousebyavolunteer form. lamuntties. It ta the norm of whatever ambition there ta in the tame unhappy state of mted la which to esAered oncearrestedbythepolice. BethenvititstheNewTork moa,aadmaynotnavebeenaltogetheraainoperative it,whichpreventedhimfromseeinganythingbetthetbe evening he ta present at a ball at ttm Colonial aa sppnatsseat to asswt hat at bw owa restiliacnfor she ' Buildings.I niversity, tbe Deaf aad Dumb Asylum aad other actua- agent in the brilliant preparations we took pride ia mak- tbe strong inherent loyalty wbtoh animates every bosomastieothersureties,sadbeasmmassdtodoso. I madeaf exeeatmg the boad. The appmatmoat, t ' t,waaforthee.eningofthesame day,ortheaaxt'to it.at the bottom of the boad- I cannot i ayaea«-the asses wore aflrxad. I da oat amtymy name was theasasaodvo it: do set remember whoa I •tfraed,I watt to Mr. Oaaarat'g or at hfo bonae Ooaoaar aaaed aad exeeamd 'ta* beam, that a, whoa wepaysavisittotheCentral Park,whereheplantsanoakand an elm tree. Ia the, evening a magnificent ball tagiven to the Pamoe by tbe citiaaa af Maw Tork,to the Academy Of Music, which to gorgeouslydecorated with flowers for the occasion. Baarly hi theevening part of aha flooring af tbe ballroom gives a a y ,creatingmuchexatemeataadalarm,bat,happily,withoutmjuringaayoae. Thebreachtarepaired,sad,afteran elegant supper, thePrinceopensthe ballwithMrs. are. Wewere quite aware that it wm generallyhad an eye for tne beautiful uplands aad rteh aaratow tarrocBdiagWtedaor.whteharebutasampleoftbeallu- vial teats of Western Nova aoetta aad whteh arepassed for riebaea aad fertility by my country hi world.hisreportconcerningNovaScotawiltmakethepeople ofthaiPrnvtemsaasrtlaglystallsstaaafaaythingba may say of the royal tear m other parte of tbe continent, andfurther,ifthelaw*iaact usually aaore careful m. selecting its "own corrapondente" than It h a been ia thta Insttwos, tt moat mam sane day to be regarded an an authority on matters of font touching any occurrence outsideNoma from HatABJUVAL Of TBS nTJ2TYILLl AND BMFHB CRT.ThestsamahipBteavilte.J. D. Balloon commander, fromNew Orleans the 14th and Havanaat tear P. M. of ttaTTtaat hfo missito the esamtma.Mo aaae waa than a litem as wit Gbaawer signed aMu the affidavitIbotwwoldna Btatmg that Mr. Hilton a for the purpose of there was rat tbe b a d . ae executed bytunas during the voyage. In the Galf of Bieaville experienced a severe northeast anew,jaauacaitoa.It waaaaimaataswread fromFrenchman as a fool for his pains.18 —He attenda Wvine service at Chippewa.IT —Arrival at Queenttown Heights, aad reception of an address from tbe veterans of l S l iIS.—The Priam ta received at Hamilton by several bun dred farmers with every demonstration of loyalty.19 —Ha receives several addresses. visits tbe Cen- tral Public School, where he ta again stressed by thePrmoe is reserved by the civil authorities and the people In company with Governor Morgan, he visits the State Capitol and other ptema of interest,17—Oil fcr Boston. which ta reached in tba afternoon.The Prince ta escorted by a troop of cavalry to hta hotel.Europe We are much mistaken if Mr. Burnt!, of Crime- an celebrity, would not have found a bed, difficult a was tbe task, and if ha maid not he would have laughed tbe matter off and made the b a t of it, instead of jaundicing everything he looked at with the complexion of h a owa puling cockney ism. Mr. Woods, instead of giving a graphic and lifelike amount of anything, reflects simptvsad Mr. Chartat, aad Jadjre HUton ttm ethers aad samaimd the boad— er be got basse After Mr. Geoover either Jadge HUton or I took tbesidence of the Governor, t t e day ta turned Into a gene- ral holiday The evening deem with an ilium inatiocand on the*r arrival they have a grand reception, after Chickens," where he might drown care to a mug of alf- which the Prinm reviews tbe oadete. The Prinm in- aad-alf by the war This appears to have been the firstTbe steamship Empire City, Captain Baxter,Orleans via Havana lTtb instant, aha arrived a tha port yaterday moralag.Mr to Biltoa with to have Mr. Lawias aJudge Mr. LearJUBBS Hilton administered the oath u.and the Public Library in the evening. He attractstion would be by no means gregarious, and being knownto be the London " Timet correspondent,'' wehave littledonbt that incertain quarters he w a baited and worried moderate aaougb. aaoaod eatns, ag thirdMr Law. I sakad Mr. Law If Mr. Cbartis*. waa m ha batawad he wai, a ha would B*Mr. TfonHmt- wm oat af town I Charlick's remdanm was not far aff, thai Mr Law mnM anrrstr the band then aad Judge Hiltonsad I Boold go to Mr. ChnritaTa boom aad get bfo stgna"*. m Mr Law that he wtakt taae Mr Uwta safcoow iand aowtthsm to Mr. Chartak** booae iffia %McatlfliBtoa and blaaxa aftorwardaatothertodohonortoVictoria'seldestson.21 - The morning is passed in a series of visits to themost notable puces in the eifcy, nnd a glad wateame meets the Prinm everywhere. He leaves for Chicago, Hi., at | ten o'clock, which be reaches in the evening, when ttte reception he metat Detroit ta duplicated.begets,on boardthe Hero,undera royalulate,andal- button,andinsistingonshowingbimsomespecimens of jnryofallctema af oar brate. Itteaotttoim most immediately after the tqnadron mils for Old Eng- hta oublte eemys, Mr Howe would aton be on band, that our exchange ijBianOaaaMaMMsanHsV w f l SOflsaV BsaaP BnasasVaa BUBHI w w m B iW "fta • %saa^B*land, where wo hope he may arrive in safetyThe following ta a recapitulation of the ptema of departarn and a m va., with the number of mites travelled from place to piam, together with tbe turn total in statute albaailing him "Woods,"and, test aad most provoking ©fall, Mr. Attnand would be thrusting ta a portioa of aw aecx, and to hta gtntlat tenw atktag him to liquor. After al thta ta it inrprtttef that tbe poor tallow ana drives_amr- ly diet, acted, ana that his Qwaned toagtotuon uoaTsrtedpretty, white painted ootteges tote rionattymade him gnUty of an atrocam ^ £ ^ ^ 2 * * ? . ? * snateofttolndtanaunawr \ * * ^ ^ % £ £ 2 % the Prinm really c^darrlre, he had BMnagad somehow orhave had to growl < The health of :wttHTlshaatataaBataJ IAttAU (8. P.), Oct. t, 18aS. ef tte Crete of tt* Wrtekoihck'a boom aad thee to the borne of lodge HIMon. Mr VstagsBsatf eyfaaaMI faSB fkrh aaaMkHm t t h A ssMk^sMti EBBBBBBBCB**aBB^aTAsBBaaAaa^s' D^a^e'OaJCw.ihJudgeHiiunat^UAn hoaada servantsaidbe wmoatof town, l a w Judm HManatgn tnebmdaad It a m aft Ma heme n dan m twoim *ran»t —<to s h a msg barbers seta eoatt- Oamt tssamii aiaeaf WKKCAflTULATION.ate.The British steam ttaop-ofwar Haracoute arrived herebs aHe arrives at Detroit in the evening, where he expe- large crowds wherever he gas.30— arrival ef the Priam at Halifax at ton o'clock A M , under a royal salute aad hi the midst of a violent rata storm. Ha a received by Lord Mulgrave, the Go- vernor, tbe Major aad Corporation, with an address, torefuses to land causing great excitement.Mas Young, the atom of the Premier.xrevm.1—Vregattatakrsplaaedaringtheday,whichtasuc- eeeded by a display of oreworks in the evening.The OrangeLi—LeavesGovernment Houseanlpssciuds tothe Colonial Buildings where ho receives sat adiilra— fromaawbaaaam mavMWBasrlh K a IsBsaYsmajsM ^gawa /ilssaMMfcah 1MM&t& ML analr|tja f * n m sLKsbships of war12.—Arrival at; Gams bay amid great excitement andatoneraioutburstofloyalty theboomsareilluminated, the Governor goes on board the Hero sad has aa inter •taw with the Priam.tf.-The Priam's standard ta boated, and remtvm a royal safota from fart Baamay On lmriag the harbor tba Hero runs aground, but ta got off without injury. At half-past one o'clock P. M. the squadron makm sail.14— Meeting of elttxean In Haw York, at which it is agreed to invite the Prince to a dinner at the Academy oi Mudc on bis arrival in this city16—Hta Royal Highness lands at aangenay, the houses ef whtch are hsartsnsmly damraied with laaaj aad where tee Bero again runs sground, but floats two boors after. Lord Lyons arrives from Washington and joins the royal party- The squadron again sails fori Quebec, pasting Ha- Ha bay aad other poma of mterest on the route.IS ArrivalatQuebec, tbePriamlandsamidstgreat iiiliaamaii, snl ta remiTed by the Mayor andCorpora- tion, members of the Cabinet and the Anglican and Ro- man Catholic bishops sad clergy. The squadron receive* a royal salute. The royal party, in the- midat of a down-intheseprovinceswaatheprimeamative,andsufficient of itself to have inspired us to do all we did; but behind thta there w a aiso honorable ambition to stead well ia the opinion of strangers, aad to oocnpy a last an equal place with our sitter provwoes. We felt that aa opportu-est my sewsams boad, by Mr. Law, Mr. Oooo pour of rata, proceed, under a military escort, to the re- mivercbarliek. Afbsr ta exewttfcm Imid weget to Newfoundland, out tbe thing w m absolutely im Cornmaadmg J. N Maffitt, mat at Havana when tba Barn. dians. At Fort Erie, after receiving an address, be em- 15—They learn for W a t Point, in the Harriet Lane, possible. There WM neither a dally steamer, nor a raillfl —The Prtnee attends Dtrine service at the English "mx. Ataath wasadauais cathedral, after which be pays a visit to the Height* efBiondin'i insane performances oa the rape stretched of across the boiling golf, and appars to regard the daringand seBSUive Woods. But we would ask. why did notthe Time* send an Irishman on thta important errand, m Tettew fever had quite disappearedto Mr. Caasfir by Joaaa HUtoa It waa the oath<,mere! Wotfe s moo pays a visit to Chaudiere Falls<rom Rhode latand, inviting htm to visit thatat the Parlia- and rmatvBs ad- at m OwmfiH Chamber, on keoonforsthe of kaighthood, by an the Hon. Karotam Bslbas. Wprnkar of the LsgsdallTS Gaanml, and tbe Han. Henry Smith,Speaker of the Aasembly.a,—Ball girm by tbe cltiims, watch the Priam at-Cartier, wlfo of the Pre- mier, while daaamg with that lady Brilliant display of dunag wbtoh asage folia, aadseriouslyfo-23 —Hta Royal sstajsteam imrrn Quebec for Montreal, in the steamer Singston. Oo tneir way up, the royal party stop at Three Wraa, where the Pnnoe receirm a royalfrom the Royal Artillery. Tne landing ta band- decorated with uisignaa The Prinm ta re- ceived by tbe Mayor aad Corporation, the clergy, publicemetala and citizens geaaralty. A state dinner ta girm, whici the Catholic bishops refuse to attend, became tbe Pram ta hfo repty to their addressdidnetskytothan" my tarda" or * gentlemen."ad —Hta Bassl Highness arrives at Moatreal. amidstthe thunders of cannon and Ovary desjoastration of loy- alty. In conae tuence of a heavy duwnpoar of rain, the illuminationa, which wore arranged to taxe nam this evening, were postponed to the following night. Tba Prinm announced that ha would not land publicly till next day. thongfa it i» supposed tbat be landed privately, andslept tbat eight at tbe raidence of TTllltaa ¥• Williams. Much ill feeling existing between the French and the Eng- lish inaahitaaa—the former outnumbering the latter in their display of aational dags. la hading a got to fire a salate, three mitara belmgtng to the Flytag Fab aad one beJangtag to the Vaioroon are kilted by a premature dia charge.2 5 . - H t a»,, aad a graad miUtery, Mfoas and cfortaal prsoamlm ta16—Departure for Albany, up the Hudson, where the he generally does when be nss business of first raw im portance—at to India, the Crimea, or the paninaate ofto m ap the hotels, toa not tbe natal amount bf shipptag ia tbe har- bor tor thta seasoa of the year.When tbe Empire City toft a hurricane w u », Uuu Law aad Uharttok wbea in'bje Hilbaa wax to iand the Admiral had based orders to the Spanish be m readiness to m a t it.OCB HAVANA COBBBrTnOBMCE. HAVAHA, Oct. 17, ttobolidmgtpectalryerectedfor theoccasion. Gorformallynphfo nRoyalHighnessdmaabaranat teaotatoakA.madeeveryBrtttabheartswailwitepride,andmoratbaa tha^UaYhc^inmdmvor to atone to some extent for ttowrrngtoltetdone ot-*-'ter he huonntmon be WrVace, whteh ha laaaguiatm formallyto the Vxuma Bridge, which ha opens with dm[Tha wm the Bematasi object efa B . d sma^teaaaB V^BBrtlaBBMaat msnagaa aaaaaas) Lan fosaen T M BaaasaslO a ssssaBjBjajBTW wlssspar Vaasia aaa %QO.atwaicbtheT f o a t w YorkmMteat, bnt BOW thI BW.JPIHP!Nx*W IOKK HERALD, TUESDAY", OCTOBER1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.»".•' ''• y.i>l i-••--Be thai frol|II'M]II» » ••• i — • • i il ItIff •foaMwei, at whteh aboni ei»ht tbnu,-X—The Prince Irares Halifax for Windsor by specialtrain, at seven o'elo:k A.M., amidst great demonstraturns ot loyalty, where he arrives at half pent eight. Hethen embarks on board the Styx for 9t. John, NowBrunswick, where h e arrives a t half-past t e a o'clock P .M., after a pleasant ran LBthe Bay of Foody. He ta wei tog.corned with a royal salate at St. John, andreceives an T—the Prince tak.'s a special train from Cibourg at ten address from the Mayor and Corporati a , to which he o'clcck A. M.,and arrives at Peterboro, crossing Rice rsenssda. Lull e on a steamer. Be is received at Peterboro by aBaton Common o:cupied t ro hours and <thai': but we donot meat with any abate of Gen. Andrews in the dost mpapers. The review by the Princeo' ",C0O men in NewYork occupied two hours, commencing upon tbe Battery driven to the belief teat U,e libel is a wilful, at a quarter pa«t three, and terminating at the City Hall unprovoked fabrication. And, again, aboat the trails, at a quarter pat five o'clock, notwithstanding the delay be baa another falsehood. From sosae cause waiea a5 —His Royal Highness attends Divine service in the proctf FTB. From Peterboro he departs for Port Hope,present. He then assumes hta colonel's uniform, aad, at can be moved in the same tiroe a acoroorai's guard, aad btnnder. and says that all the mails were atoppad,ta« that the commander of the First division is responsible steamers bei»g taken up to follow tbe Prince from place tbe request of General Sandford, to wb'>m~the Mtyor in- for the two hours ana a half delay, whilst he was waiting to place. We are at a loa to imagine bow any asm with bta wboie force upm the Battery for the arrival of would dare to writs such ao arum nahbisbim Ib'tab'ta the Prince. about such a matter, aad pubiUta it Mr Woods must Thta is much like the censure of a member of Partia have known, when be wrote that statement, tax: he meet noon a Bntish Admiral, who dtd not aseead the wrote that which wm net true or if to dte act, if Bay- by six superb black horses, amidst tbe acclama Bronx with his fleet to assist the British army at the bat wag, presomiag en ha JoOn Ball credulity, ettemated toCathedral.6 —Be attends a ball ztren in his honor, at which sixhundred persons are present.T.—Leaves &. John for Prince Edward Iaiaad. 9 — Lands a t Ciarlottetown. Prince Edwardwhich he reaches at two P M., where there ta another procession, by which he ta conveyed to the Court Bouse, where he partakes of a dejeumr and receives addresses from the civic fonctioaariea. From Port Hope he pro- ceeds to Whitby, where be arrives at throe o'clock. Lear-troduces him, he reviews six thousand. vohtnte«sr troops of theFirst division, at Castle warden; af-er which he proceeds np Broadway, in a haadsome barouche, drawnIsland,from the Hero, after a pleasant passage. The Hero ta ac- lug this hit er ptare, be reaches Toronto at half past six:tiona of a v a t multitude, numbering several hnadred thousand. At the City Hail the Priam received a marching salute. Hta Royal Highness then proceeded up Broadway to theFifth Avenue Hotel, amidst the plaudits of tbe crowd.Ue ef White Plains, P. P. hoax him with such a storv, and be w a soft enougb to believe it, he must be a grater donkey than we took THE LONDON TIMES IN THE PROVINCES. him for. Aaother aboard twry aboat a member ef tba A COLONIAL OriXION OF THE TtftTiDEBKJt'S SPECIAL government going to work to est sat t [ t a i l s tanwnariri£P. II. Here he finds that the Orangemen had submitted,and have but one arch remaining, which the Prinm and and the French Commodore's ship Pomona. The roya1 suite carefully avoid during their stay in the city. Thecompanied by the Nile, the oagship of Admiral SirAlexander Milne, the Coasnek, Valorous and Flying Ptab,the arrival of the Priam, fabricated by a Yankee reporter,Mr Woods has swallowed and sent screes tbe At- laattetoatstaaspjthaasaimna ofPriattaa!party are received at the wharf by the government officers andtbepnbtisfmwttaaarim,theclergy,mem- bers ef tbe bar aad themoat prominent dtiseas. He taPrince lands, and ta received with deafening cheers. He receivesanaddressfromtheCorporation,andisescorted to Uovernmeat Booae, whteh he reaches at nine P. M.The city is brilliaaUy illuminated.S—Tbis morning the Prinm holds a levee, and in the evening he attenda a ball given by the members of the bar. AnangryeorrntDondence takesplacebetweenthe Duke of Newcastle and the Mayor, oa the subject of tbe solitary arch.9 —The Prinm attends Divine service, carefully avoid- ing tbe arch in hta way to and fro. Largs multitudes collect around the church, hi the evening ttm Duke o NewcastleandtheGovernor,whiletakingawalk,areat firstgrosslyinsulted,andthenpersonallyassaulted,for advisingthePrinceagainstpassingthroughthearch.10—Starts for Colltngwood, ninety-five mHes distant. by special tram. On passing tba town of Aurora, and other places on the route. Orange arche* are seen erected. Arrival at CoUtngwood11.—the Prinm Joins a yacht club, lays a corner atone of the Queen's statue, and plsnte a tree to. the BotanicLORKSSPONDEST.[From tbe Halifax Evening Express. Aogoat St ] THE THCSDEBEKS OPINION Oi? NOVA SCOTIA.Iattenda the peojle's bail, but doea not dAuoeJM> 31 —Leaves for Ottawa.BaTtRMBKn.1—Hit Rayal Bighaem arrtres at Ottawa, where ae wgreeted with toe Haw mthattaam which met him througa- ont the route. Be there lays the corner stone of the new Houses af i arliament with mucn aotomalts.2 —The Prtnee atto&m Otvme serrtoe at Christ sharch3 —Be rides in an open carriage to tbe little village af AJlater, m row** for Kingston, arnvm at 2rMkriUe a eighto'clockPM,adisescortedthroughthetownby n fliemea'E torchlight procemion— he ftrst the Prism has|volunteers.be arttnsmssa number of la-He extends hta and ratarns to Montreal.ninety mtleaJrom MoatraAi, an i o interest mtermedi tte. At an Hynetatttho ta escortedsago, where be resume aa add rem to Freaeh aad Ragiian. At Brampton Fam be msp+cts sees* ot tba larcast aa«r mills in America. At aherbrooke be rmtorestto hta rink in ttm nary a Mr. Pattan, who waa ateaal aUdablntum to Lard Meaoa at Tnfobjar, sad wba had been utmost >• J••*by two hundred Jesuit priabi to their cotOrangemen to give np tbe position they have assume'). but he ta mat with tbe reepoase of -So surrender ' The Prince remains on board the steamer; out his suite, with the exception of the Chtice of Newcastle, the Bjtrl ot it. tier mans aad Lord Lyons, disembarkfi —Tbe orangemen continue obstinate and the Prinm7 —The Prince and suite attend Dtviaw servi'Se, a'ter which his Royal Highness pays a v «:t t-.i'.ho n wernor,told to go home, a n l tbe played opposite tbe steamer"Marsuillaise"the City Council past a resolution refusing t> present it have been.by me to the Post Office Department. ! think it was 31 —Review o troops in the midst of a drenching mywhete etae but on shore. The magistrates, however, 10. -Great operatic entertainment at the Aoademy of bta Royal Higbaeaa' acoeptance. I have tne honor to be,ta May, ltA7; 1 believe the penalty waaLaw, Oliver Chartick aad Gmtavm A ram. la the evening, a grand ball a girea ta the Pro- present an address oa board, which ta received and re Music in honor af the Prtnee, at which the arista fromSir. your most abeoieat servant, R BRUCE IlAsm. McauxB, Esq , ufiivio of tbe U. e. ConsularAgency, Windsor.MILITARY BEYLEWB BY THE PKISCE OFWALES.tied the mid boad as a y sureties, I did sot i aay ether bawd to the Halted stems tbaa the one Coaoaar aaitad aa suretiesdaring tba term af my tret appointment by Mr Bulb the fifth taisinajaimj he saye.—I waa again ap- pelated by Mr. mmmmmm, aad confirmed by the Senate ef the L nited States, dartag the spriag or soauaer o' ISM. aad m Septambar, ISM, another boad for the fotth- fut discharge of my duties aa Deputy Postmaster was ex ersted by me to the United States m tbe penalty of ST5.M0. with George Law- aad Oastavaa A. Coaover as •arenasTo the sixth iatarrogatory be says—In September, ISM, 1 few (laamtna A. Ooaorer. sod spoke to bim in r-itticn to his beeomnag aaraty for me upon a ae w toati to the United States for the fitttftitil diacbanre of my unties aa Uepwty Posaaiaater at tbe city of Mew Tort My tearesstOB is tbat this emreermttoa, wtrtch was the •rat interview I bad with ham on ttmaubtost, MOWplane at ha bomm, a day or two before tbe boad was «xrented; I asked htm to be sar»ty oa myLaw aad O t t w Cberttek, > assessed Ihm apptieattoo i by me m crmssunware af a new bond aetag re-amred fram aao after my ooatrmaiicu by tbe Seaate took pace a day ee two pre i taws to the iof tba bawd, at ha boose. 1 taak la that 1 saoke af the boad which baa been girca a Mil by ae, with Seorge Law. CMrrnr CbarHek aad htmsslfsooarestes,aadIwfctaimIdestredtogtve the«aaaiaiII•iMsaftOty IaskedbattosoaamysemiNew Tork take the leading parte. Iameo**) enthusiasm 11 —The Prism and suite leave Philadelphia for New Tork by the Camden a n l Amboy Railroal. The Harriet Lane, which had been placed at the disposal of 6 —Arrival of the royal party at Belleville, where siml the Prince by she President, leaves the Batteryvince! Building, which in opeaed by tbe Prtnee with plied to by the Prince, regretting that circumstancesshould have prevented htm from leadingmen bold out threats to follow the Prince to Toronto, or whtrarerhemightgo.for rnitouydemoaghBajecs await them as at Kingston, m consequence of nttjasR the Prinm refuses to Laud, and pagers on to Coboorg, where there are no signs of Orange ttm. The Prince lands,,and is received with every de- monstration of loyally, aad be attends a bah in the evenwith the Committee o. Reception w meet htaRoyal Higbneas at Perth Amboy, where tberoyal party embark. The Prinm taj saluted by tbebatteries and shipping as the Harriet Line steamsup the bay, amidst the cheers of the immena multitude*on shore and on board ttte diflVren'. vessels. His RnyalHighness UndB at the Battery, where he is received byMayor Wood, who welcnmes him to New York, and precircumstances to fancy everybody drank ba. thaxustlva; bet inntnttch as he WM a guest st Goversmen; Hoana en tbat evening, wbere we tare a rtajbt \ > presume that be would act forget himself, tbeVa ta ao room for this excuse aad we aroFrom tbaretw pro-which we beg to[Pvea tbeewNtax Caroeicte. seat 11}! I• _.IJII inu 1Gardens. Be pays a rait to the University and the Nor- ing torches, take part. Theengines and other apparatus mal School, holds a term, receives addresses and attenda are beautifully decorated: and, in fact, it ta pronounced tovery grave feara of the fact. The London rimes news nun., arrived at tbe light ship at eleven o'cloek oo Sun-paper, tbe leading journal of Europe, aad of the world, day night, and w u detained by tbe fog eatll daylight y a - regamieas of expense, sent a representative among us tofind out the whole matter, and let the world know all terday morning The weather las 1a ball in the evening.13 —Arrives at London, where he ta received with theutmost enthusiasm sad respect15—Hta Royal Highness leaves London by special tramon the Grant Western Railroad, and arrives at Woodstock. InapavilionattbeMayor'!residencehereceirm addresses, and then leaves for Parta, where hehta cars for thorn or the Buffalo and Lake Huron Railroad.be the largest and most brilliant prooeaion of tbe hind tbat has ever taken place la the cityH.—The royal party attend Trinity church, the streets leading to which are Hand with people, and the vicinity crowded After service: they partake of luneaean withabout the North American Colonies, and how they re-ceived and treated great England's heir. It ta not I'tenthe Thunderer ta unfortunate in hta choice, bathere hebas been peculiarly and distreaingiy s o Mr. Woods ap- on the lath instant, aad has bad atrmg-northerlyAt B aatford he finds a tine of little girls, who strew Harris, Methodist, The evening ia stormy, aad the Priam Sowers in his way. He receives sash saws from some In- stays within doors.the balcony ortbe hotel for some time at the reques. of thepeople,whoerineetheiranxietytoamhta bytheir immense numbers. He ta astonished at the account given him of the rapid growth and present prosperity of Chica- go, Be leaves for the prairia, and arrival at Deign*LtavtSO, St. M. I". " 30,Halifax, N.d... WW •nSant^rnfo tt%5^SSmtt-Blm»-i a a . from Jamaica oa the Sd tastaai, bragmg ma sate Itemsteatea in the e day's snorthe b a tS ta^'arnai fact, whim we cannot disguise from our aerva ant the London K m ta read ay hundreds of Sonaandt m every part of the world, aad,f-om the great23—Hta Royal » « n n t " »*toBd* the Presbyterian ehurab at Dwighi,t> iwiaexas^hsjm states* apart qatU shnatlaf. Bet*DwtehkW.-Tha royal party team Dwlght for St. Loaa, Mo» — T b e royal rtait to tbe Agricultural Fair, at which the hwlta«an, »«t prefers tea to the Prmm. H a royal party erinm their jodg.aa invitation to eMr. Jssara Klbbtto by sheThe treat Montreal hall Ukm piam to sight,meat reastcttaf aattte and barest».—Taw Priam and mite arrive atCmoteaetl.Qhto,sad Tthtt the p'ggertaa. The evealag w am np with a ball, given by the Porkopotitaae to the Prinm, who tarn pcpataJ i t frrrrfwhsre etae on hta rente.2», Cteeumti. O'.. 300 i l t a iiiiifc^ti *m U.»with a circntet'on of 150 0C0. and saw a reprematative tsnaaa an. aad, m tt enaetam m tafimam only second to tbe ttsntflsMtat, wa trust that be b u not be*« smo bered to <*tagtttt by aduitttae, but that we may am a fair aad impartial representation ef our eouitry a ;t resiiy ta—of our noble harbor and our y>? green WMIS, and tho hardyhere from St. Vamat.—Eight Virginia, tatrecaptured c back, aad irx ofin theceooa deairnsiaa sad a hmtaat daate? of wealth, hemttyThe ball oat abent M»,M0-Sj tta»'wj v, ra .. 815 S.iamtitagtoe.TteBfairteekickeen.24.-Lee,es Dwight for Stewart*! Grow, wherefA-gheotfogofNot mac* sport.tbe,30.—The royalJohn/a anarch, whan fssboa MClrfnfomd tbe fair known umply m wo areiithem temporary visia witbmt the service. At kalf past six P. M he rst.ir as *ad fcit.»«lte,atafoe a. a t , where he remtvm aa address places tor the nigbt. Thai it&soil. Wewtahtoh*jsadm TUMSaf the ftta, tbe sarfotead Woods, and to tontfca of oar i-adern2-Tb«'!^l*^reBcgtettttehari'}^tt»uwast*aUy remtTedby Mayor WUBtaaf* ttte Chwao- rm.im. aedthectiuse Ttnsee His P,oyatHigdxaewBitutfout the faetortanafPlttebvurg, which be and hta iiiitemlstlaMaacbeateref America, Tba arming windsno with an Hiumt&atieh and a serenadeirf'«»r«r Harra->urgjt where be arrives at eleven P M . AHa'«sgtberentebjgfemtvmihitit ofwateame,aadat Htr; u'burg lie is favcred with a serenada. Ja —re» i'riac* arisen to the Capitol, aoaampantad by:n n. Governor Pai'tsr. From Harrtsburg be departs for Baltimore, where he ta m a at tba depot by ttw City Council—a band mayiwg"«od Save ttm Queen " Leav- ing Baltimore by enacts! train, the royal party reach Waabisgten at four ft M., amidst thandim ef artillery. Tbe Priam ta received by General Cam, Who conducts him, under an escort* to the White Hoase-i where he is pr tested to President Buchanan, by whom he ta iatro. duced to Miss Lane. At six o'clock the President girm a grand dinner in hoanr of the Priam's arrteul.,.4.—ThePriamaadsuitevisittneNttitmeiCapitol, and other objecte of interest. At noon the Preaidentdone b y perseverance andhard woiIt, even byPrinm of Wetae has beam jmen o( businea may fillow with pronh.•elf, I beg of you to acospt ever Men, sad at which ha ta surprised. Traahia are bnids alarm, at wbisB ha mtrodusm the Prinm to tbe , * ' * *a smalltaken of th-ti. respest,ft.—The royal parte embark again on board the Harrietcrimki.rtaiigftteror Steatatacs, Kiagief Poland, sad wife of LootaXV.At this period Franc*; aad England were at pace, aad were jointly antipodes of Spain Ta» nairial is one or many presented b y t h e French government v» t b e chiefs of tbe North American ladtans. t ata» forward you a copy of the "Political Landmarks," er biatory of pa'ttas from tho orgsnixaiion of our government, of which I am the anther.Hoping these small tokens of respect, which I forward tftrou/b B»Vfrtan i, C. J. BryUges, E#{ , will oe reocivm, I remain, verj respectfully, your obedient •*r>aat,D\ VL MTJN'<i*R.o.ac.A.,w\,c w. ST. Lotra, U S , Sept ST.13630^is—I have been prevented, ov area ot ousiue*s, from replying to the tetter of tbe 15th test , which you ad- dressed to tbe Prinm of Wales, not have no«r the boner to request that you will ajcept tbe tosaks of bta ttorsi Highness for the copy of your work^aad for the very in terestieg medal which yon aeat throuch Mr Brj igesfortnieiprtting ef people, who bad given tne satooe such a reaptton a could not be snrpa»a > *»y any brwn of equal population in all the wide dominions t < which oe ta heir! Let the Canadian ciuea take warning, aad benefit by oar experience Let them ampititte Mr. Woid* by good feeding anl luxurioat tndgtats, let his journey through their country to attadva with ao aBBteasaa*. eircnm- staams; as tba rate warn to fate, and tbe wan bralbw only zephjrs. and tee lane batlo^a not dare u>rtae above a ripple, when Woods voyages from ciiy to city, aad they will have a p+swrre of then- country |"'a isml w tbe world, through tbe omuma* of ito rtawt, whab, if sot truth:ii, will be at least aa flattering aa tuey aaa aetireWe desire at preseat oniy to aotwe specteHv tare a* three features of the tetters pwbtaaed m a w . 11a stoma to labor under aaae moral infirmity, thai uauaa h a t either u overrate or underrate everything of Which bo writes. Tons, he a y s . ttte volosteers aamber 1,100, aad were divided tote three companies, warn, in pomtof fact, they numb, r aboat a60, and are divided into tevan companies of rinee. two of engineers aad oae of artillery. Again, be aaya tbat on oae evratng tbe streets were filled wtth drunken man. Tbte ta a-gram bbal oa tbe ciusaa ef HaUfox The universal aobnety and g x*i behavior of the masses daring the Prince's visit WMnot cod and commented on by all vtaiters. if we except Woods h i a - self. Had he described tha toeee or (iruakeaaaB an taking place en tbe evening on which hta landlord had to to called intohisrooatosettleabibalusfrayrelweea himself aaa a brother reporter, we eoatd ex«i» the mis-with whom he drivta out to view the different interest in tbe city bad suburbsobjecte of• "••ffjP"'» '-tosuiphAtim1tottterrima,a h a*•*•THE LONDON TIMES COiUtESWaJtWT AGAIN MLmdat SSaa af tha SSdtadatterk«hoatHalifax,fram thaiteat of that joarnal, tbe prtoemat part of wwteh we glow aatew it wm ae seen tbat ta many parumhr-- tetters preseat a marked Instiliimtel. bath tomd trnthfutaeaa,«n tha saw wbtah fotawd tba antes* ef comment a ear CKlomaa aaae dam ago; hot taiHm ra- gards maxareofnor what the pabta tea' a rhjbt to expect from afor each a joaraal a tbe Lmtaa Watt, or adesit from aa> journal with a reiutetica to saatata, a to whteh ttte patda teak mr mraaat tajwentatan U saw ha that tttettaporteam by the ffoaa; bat a mattry numberm- 4 060 Q00 of bmablteate, aad mvarmg atom tbaa hair njared by antrntbfntams and baitaasjas aa a as spsi raaarsn. Ii tbe proprietors af tba T a t a ensmaarm tbe w a s t r yef BBBtetaBi impti tonus toef anyGreat Britem, they thoold bam tbeaf a reporter who, ta tegte with, kasw a -. tee ctaerai onUiaas of the gtagrtpty of the eosatry, wba a m ma too self conceited a ask, where to fooad himself sVSetaatcf mfarasAioa, a too mdolat to am for htaaatr what be i tetnH ta eamribe, aad who wm baaat enough to tail the truth, and above being promoted by my fsusiisaa tafonnem tocountry or the atopic who form the snbtett efmeats. Mr. Wood* dost not appear a t t a r tothe PrinmatatSbJL, eyao0ea,aresting own be the way of reallyaaly at the.——Tmt>mi-mrm~— m- "w-wwwi!AN OLD MEDAL PRESENTED XO THE PBINCS. omca OFUarrao Arams Oarout Aosaai, > Winaaun, C. W., tfopt. 15, Ism )teH i aROY ALB " E " , » * f «A u n u ae > w a n » ,I ' m a c aa nJ T . . ZZT*. chose necessary qmlittas, or to to free -JIHH- a.- t~i— ,t— ^ ^ .^ u »aaZ TMhtrintegprtmatafamsdal,tmchmlvakiaof whiohaapereh*aded at Kingston, from tbe determination ef the notabilities. The rtatnee Omn visits thej Patent Otlioa, fecta. atemantatebetto erect Orange arcam and organfm proms after whu-ft he axxuapviiea tttas Lane to Mias Smith' iteantiiuity. The medal ta one ttaadrnd and thirty oae talk steal EngHsbmea, withyearn old, aad itedeseriptfon ta m fottowa, m diamverad whom mental condition ta governed cBttrety byorder, atah their obaoxiom banners aad other paraphernalia, at whiah the Roman Catholics take unaaee. The Duke of Newcastle, to avoid a cotltaloa, which may ha ifttaaaad wish effuaion of blood, seada word oa to KfofEton that he will not allow the Prtnct to paaa through any arch doooratod with party deyica, nor take part in aay demoaatraiioBa in which parif sj moon are need.Institute for Young Ladies, wher»» he has a garni it ten pins In tbe evening the President entertema the ears* (ttpUmjxnqnf st dinner, at wnuh the Priam is present, whkh ta followed by a reception by Miss Lane, and a graad pyrotechnic display.f 6—At ten o'clock; this inorniag the Priam and suite embarked on the Harriet Lane, and proceeded to Mmnt Vernon, wbere the* visit the tomb oi Washington— t toorhing inri*ent dentinad to be of historfoal interest. Tbe Prince plants a young horse chestnut tree, hi com memoratioo of tbe occasion In tin omnia$ a dinner is given by Lord Lyons to the royal partyby aid of strong magnify ingglaastn—Oa one aide are two bodily comfort, md war see euwjiateg ceear «Urat, erroyal heads, mate and famate, after ten style of thethe reverse, tuat aa they happen ta haws a fall mssnaa awPriam Albert m d Qmeo Victoria ; oMcnta. Banning an empty oae, w repeat m ktnartemesat, »r battle wiu»aronad the mate bead, to tbe left, fa the word " C uris two weeks ot blunOsriag, ttte rssab af h a owa tgnmaaot,ttanismma," aid over ;ha femile head, to tiie*<gh!., tbe to Wm sadly out of temper with everything name "Maria " This ta ail that can be diasorarel en aad everybody, eatod Nova matte aa eat of tbetent state. On the other side appeara a female figure,seated oa the >ra *>rsphere of tea wartd, with a ehiid inher Up The ia«eriptktu aro and the upper part w , ' • Satearbis " Beneath tba figure appear tbe vords. ".Vjtateiway, remote ^Imce, that nobody ever visited, aal m m m. ae am ever got out ef, and he could am nothing ta Halifax but "sptew looted squaws," aad '-saaburat na- ti»«t lotting out ef the wmdawa all d a y ' ' After beingTO THE EDiTOE Of TRK HEa.VU).The review of 2.600 men by tho Prinm ef Wales on the statesteat, for it ta not uncommon for men under suchin forcing a passage from the Battery to the Park. Aad yet Gen Sandford ta abused with rat stmt by some ofnot lor us to explain, he mam waged hta cwrotpbadeace, so that his levttr w-itten ia II*Hfax Jid not ?o !br*ard la time and tnen, a oefore, about the travelling ooavey-sents him to UM members of the C mji,u CJUOC. your <:otemporartes. who aeem to suppose that 7,000 men ances. a biames^dtfcct re mail arrangemeais t a a a12.—Onleavinghtahotel thismorning,thePrinmtamvagely attached by aa insane Begtanaaa, whota at most universal feeling, both among lnomduala aadcom Be would appear, ateo, to have taft tba PaviaceThedesiretobethoughtwellofwebelieveasbeaaal-lisaKTiettiH,sad that stsamhted. Be could woe aad de- scrim in exaggerated tetaa the bleak range of country a tions, sod takes lanch with Mayor Wood, after which be ing a short time ago in honor of our Prince. No doubt tbe vicinity of Halifax, traversed by the railway but baGovernor Morgan, aad lances till a late hoar oa tbe fol lowing morning.13—HtaRoyal BighnmsvtaitttieneralBcott, after which he pays a round of vtaits to several places, including Barnum's Museum. In tbe evening there ta a grand fire- men's procession, in which five thoaanri firemen, bear-believed that the country of a HaUbarton aad a Williams was a hyperborean region of everlasting fog or eternal ice; tbat no summer smiled there, aad tbat civilization wm butcomnMBcing to get ta ita thinnest edge, t b a opinion, absurd m It ta, we know to exist to a very great extent, even among the intelligent aad educated portion of society In the mother country: and now, at leant, wa thoegbt. w e shall have a|gloriousJopportunity of disabus- ing the minus of them paoitte of their mistaken notions about us aad oar Province. We have now, however,barksinasteamer for Chippewa. Hta Royal Highnessarrives at Niagara Falls, and spends some time In exa-mining this stupendous work of nature. He witnesses spects the Academy, and finishes the evening with a game calamity which disturbed the equanimity of t t e refinedVast crowds line the way and sipi am much anxiety to hta own sickly aad distempered feelings. He states facts am tbe Priam. in a most extraordinary aad unacoountable manner, and what is more remarkable still, tells what hahai got to18.—This is a gala dty. Tba principal public bnildtogs, tell without either pith or point.trustees hi presence of four thousand children. In the hotels, some private nouses, aad the shipping in the In the first place, Wiadaor ta not a Tillage o"" than tyeaam ef a She Jttflrnaf XeneMievening hta Royal Highness attenda a ball, given in a harbor, are handsomely decorated with flags and ties." bnt g pretty, etean little country town. Thena- building specially erected for the occasion .adjoining the streamers la the afternoon the Priam, in full uniform, tives of Halifax are not in the habit of fcing^ig o u t of their windows, nor are their faces more sunburnt thanJatatat-tt ta ate ftastsia flaaal, ate ,afc.We have bad a grand mtebrnttan at Mtteams af tbe opening cf a new branch of railroad froa Havaaa w thaAnglo-American Hotel. with staff, eccoapanted by Governor Banns aad hta staff. those of an Eng.iah d t y . So for from the squaws having20— Visit u tbe Provincial Exhibition, wham bta reviews two thoaaaad five hundred troops on the Com- large spies feet, they are remarkable for the tiny small Yamivi. and a breakfast entertammat to Oeaeai Ser-Royal Highness ta addressed by the President of ttte Agri- ness or thete extremities. What in the name of wonderraao,btastasT,tbeBtthopaadtheaatbertttetofthtacity, who want first over tbe track wbere the eaaeetioe wasmade a Guina. Tha 0and pronounced ssstattattat. Can SIM * to the eaa-ach taae » redamd to ttorm boors s a t pany. The thrwagb _ arrivmgDetroit, Michigan, by the Great Western Railroad, at twoo'clock P. M, passing the frontiers between tbe Canadasand the United States. His Royal Highness ta supposedto bare dropped all royal state, and to hare assumed thecomparatively modes; style aad title of Baron Renfrew.hta hotel.mental vision of this unhappy member of the fourth es- tate. There must have been something etae to drive hup all but distracted, before he could have had the heart tomon.Tbesight• witnessedbythirtythousandspersons. couldpossetstheman? Surelythecrowdingofhtabedcultural Soctaty. H e takes lunch a t Duabara Caatle, t h eresidence of Str Allan McNab, after which he leaves for and escort the Prinm through the principal streets to not unknown in England—could net have so distorted theAfter the review the vat multitude form a procession,room, or tbe extortion of his landlady—for that ta a viceAag3,Halifax. T.St.Juha,*. B.11, Chartottetowc. IS,!20, Qut2,StJohn,N B... U» 9,Charlobtetown,P . * L 250 let, 11MP*?.- ••.•»»..15, Quebec,Can. E . . SO,Cnaadtere Fallsand back SO 2d, Mont'el, C W 1T03017, S». Loata.Mo... SISofltoaraf tba First West Iada regteaat aad fifty re- oruita. Ha htt4t|na»ters sfthta isntasant, tt ta sowwlllteavethtaitea, that Sotuleoi agari e ^ aarodeam dmied to any other joaraal. It w to be the end of tbe yem; aad tbat bw. Jama Wsasar, ueepiy regretted. therefore, tbat tha Mr. Woods am donenotbing act misrepresent and earicatare m ten varyBeavy and uamarteinto* aunmr; and as we said befwrearecmvh;md,to«nr own mte'te, that mom aftxast Mm at the door of Messrs. Young «Cn.,19 —The Priasta vtaits Harvard Collage, Mount Auburn do us such deliberate wrong and injustice. As we saidbrakfost, retaratef to tbe evatteg a half \amving at m r depet a thirty-five miantes pant eight, fare aha rataasd to fid st, whteh, for nan. streceived by tba Governor Of the State, the Mayor of the tive Council w m quite alive to the value of a of the day by a special tram, tovteg bad a a reception as any that greeted him through the pro- good word, even of tbe mention of ha name,vtnjms of monarchical England. There ta a general illu- city and n respectable body of military, together with al- with ordinary courttsy, in the "leading journal,'' The Stew Ortaana pmtaaaater gare an an mails bymost the entire population, by whom he is escorted through and, we doubt net. beslavered tbe poor man the Baavute, depriving our hamass men of late Eara- mination and torchlight procession, and he ta escorted to almost to death. Then there would be Mr McColiy—the peaa news aad of weir tett^raatuc ampateha of yearhta hotel by multitudes of citizens, all vming with each the principal streets to tbe place of embarkation, where famous Jonathan—the illustrious bore, hanging by bis market condition, daw by tba roate. vary sawab to tba te-riences, among democratic Americans, as enthusiastic SO—Be leava Beaton for i'ortland, Maim, where he is aimctt ,to madness. The late President of the Execu aad no grumbling. Tbe party retaraaf tat t sa»,22—The Prmoe vista several objecte of interest iacompany with Mayer Wentwortb, especially the grainelevators, whteh ha views with surprise. He remains ia July 10, Plymouth, En*. July z3, St. Johns, ,N. F. — mheVto^'esk away from hta tormentors, and tent heUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comArnveatafOetBaltimorenity would be afforded m ot making oorselvm somewhat to notice further tba vaaartet ef this teatavtdaal We better known to strangers, and, meat of all. to Banitthmen, and w e were glad ot tba opporwaity; for, some- I simply remark to closing that the utter nntrnthfuteaa ofhow,thalittle comer oftheearth tutbomsadly misunderstood,especially"athome'anl now,we thought, will be the time to show them what we reallyMr.Archibald,tbeBritishConsul. SermonsonthePrince pearstobeacockneyoftheoockneys,whomgeography, withheavyamandthick,may•are preached, in their respective places of worship, bythe Htov. Mr. fsatbIngham, Unitarian, and the Rev. Mras a matter of course, h a been sadly negteoted, aad whowould appear never before to have been beyond thesound of Bow bells or tbe beauties of Houndsditofa. Nothing of mterest to onmannimte from Havana.Hta helplessness ta amusingly touching, fie wanted to The I alted States screw atesmsr Cismilts, Lteateaaatread, norevenanomniboa,nortbewellknown"Honaad TOtoteft.five ataatea, teswtog tore atatx A M.. .Cemetery, Bunker Hill and the Charlesuwn Navy Tard, before, being an Englishman and a cockney, bta inclina- there at five aaiaates past aaa precisely. five, aad, d"P00 tl e , n l n - »P *"*• Mwterity aad re-ought to be made answerable for ttwe btlteve that, to spite of tbe Ttewill havn tojnst dona an to the and.who saw an sad earn, am am aaored *S vary dtt&rent feeliaa and tell a verymt story. The Oriental Himulsii look/ Una aaanwhomnW see with ttte oca eya, and form an opi-nion of hta own. There were other reareamtat'va otthat mighty reflex ef mtbrte opinion, ttte arms, aad waare much mistaken if by for fto greater part or themwutnotdomsmpiejostice The JBtaraaf asBatm Msmt, tbe gates ratdeat paidAlterailrreu and crotses t h w , when he mate to Halifax. a*WSB WiU iasslabrity  