 A this canpnaieile. that •m a» it,wardT«ard |a:. behinx, ose be- bravsvasac- who beeLanin-* trks w©p«T- nay b© ff, WB When- tb** nn-|a:••.:n*t t^ach >re andsubject is not )f Con-•rdict (against >on un-W5 M-ation of, Ford the t-aiu©*7 glad o gen- us*ually «T of &Repub- trust,lair, ia believe to the id.who-; preciseirdinal le print- !depart-ing re- paper. ifrbookdraw- to detail»<Jiture*. footing- sconomy xpen&i- rveyed.pic*? of Ota and l>t where nor de- iir tenaam will be * if it wilL pital of athiiher, w«, from printer* s, paper- gpfecula- xUt such be nec- be thor-i placed At all do theirindulgeswilling suffrage* :ast them?, if they 'lung ap- Bpromise who wiak ty should me mild- so " T H E f its cao- e Radicalyuichmen*a, if the Btaiidard- zx, Ai/cnd-av.d En- y menace, re supposeL out of ita ng might, fmld limit•ne. T h e honored- iepublicacservices- &and e£EL-> atee. Nc4^ it many ofjr Eadical »n that the establishedvard by- the :r,wise aa£ 8etu>fcfteir nent of t i e ipb cS tbeir ;tioa of thia rt, we cor- auhate theird a t e of t h e | ie-b.eritbe , r. Fremont, 3#r man, weLotfromany the triump* sees. The*:willdO.*Ot ure aboat ifc» •ai vifcaper** UJ UA any re-,slit*. ;ren'Dg, IB the skaning coo" i r>partm*rftiL,IIIi•i.Vith Mr. Smith, the mach.ne-sweeper; and all sort* «tof interrogatories were fireo at the City Inspector; t h e Cfeik of t h e Common Couacil was directed not to sign bills presented by Mr. Smith; Col. DelnvanWas oonmmnded to continue to employ the hand- *We€peft by the day, and ordared to inform the Common Council by what authority he dared to depart from the well-^om rule of doing nothing and paying dearly for it. In the Council Board, shearms. Their dealings with Brown amounted to an l*rc?idcnt, the Heads of DepartmontB, and the JointCommittee appointed to make arrangements for the appropriation of $150 in cash, twelve boxes of inangnrationoftbe statue of Washington.TJbue !<©S8 of the Zlungarian. '- HALIFAX, Monday,Feb.27—8p.m.Not another word as yet has been heard from the .'steamship Hungarian.POLITICAL—The Leader says that on Tuesday evening, Feb..ing to have him removed. Heartt refuses to put the Government to the extra expense of delivering the pa- per for the Post-Office blanks in Buffalo, under Bow- man's 50-cent arrangement, and hence the difficulty. The total amount of IJhis work ia about $40,000.a year, and under Bowman's arrangement thisnets him §20,000 profit—for doing nothing. Crowell refused jto executethe work for Bowman for 50 cents," and Jewett was, thereupon, employed.'~Thc N. O. Trite Delia sny« that, in its judgment, "two-thirds of the populaL'.on of Louisiana prefer Douglastoanyotherman\rorthePresidency,"butMr. STANTON (Rep., Ohio) here interrupted himby saying that the point might as well be settled thatno member ha* the right, to claim the privilege of cor-recting newspaper misstatements. He was willing to suit of Charles Goortyear and the NewJYork Belting him may therefore be sent t<> Charleston. ir Committee on the" claim of Mr. Abraham. Lent to the seat occupied byMr. Baker, from the Eijghuvnthany purposes or designs against Slavery outside ofTDETROUBLEONTHETEXASFRONTIER. Kansas. Brown's last appearance before the Com- Mr. JOHN COCHRANE (Dem., N. Y.,) rose to a Ellwood Walter, esq., Secretary of the Board of was a long and heated one; but, on the first flbow of.fefonning h ^ that measures had been Col. Lee, who commands, the Depart- nt of Texas, is expressly ordered to pursue andObjections were made.I Mr. COCHRANE—1 claim to be beard a? matter ofParliamentary right. I rise to a question of pergonal privilege. ! •Mr. ADRAIN—I ask the gentleman whether he rises to a hieher right to take the floor from me.Mr. COCHRANE—I do not, Mr.LOVEJOYagainobjected.Mr. ADRAIN—I feel that I have been personallyattacked by Mr. Carters rssolution, and it is due to myself as ote of the members ofythe Committee that, some explanation be made.proved as amended. W e hope that this scandalous imposition will not be saddled upon our County. The Commissi ners of Record have already re- ceived too mncl of the public money for work of noeort of value, e^en if the iar^e sums paid out had been legitimate! r disbursed: but when, as was re- cently shown, tl ey have been paying over Sve timeslead to a more searching inquiry by the Committee on Public Expenditures in the House, which has commenced taking evidence.THE CHINESE TREATY,Instructions were sent from the Department of State to-day to Mr. Ward, our Minister in China,cated the resolution as necessary to relieve the Deed* Letter Office of ihe immense amount of matter thrown upon it.The resolution was adopted.Mr, WILSON (Rep., MJIHS.) gave notice of a bill to reduce the rates now paid, for the public printing 25 per cent.Mr. BROWN'S (Dem., -Miss.) resolution was taken up, andcumstances, tbo Speaker had put a question to the HousedMr. FAKSSWORTH=-I had made the point that the question of order was not debatable, and the Chair put the qnestion on that.Mr.BARR (Dem., N. Y.) I call that gentleman to order now.Mr. BURNETT—I move that the gentleman from New-Jersey he heard on the subject involved in Mr.Legislature to repeal the act under which the Coin-Mr. FARNSWORTH—I rise to a question of order. tary who visited the city on the occasion of the recentmis»ion exists; but no report hug thus far been instructions.the acts of the confederate Statea. If redress couldnot be obtained here, the Statea would be thrown upontheir own resources. He had not arraigned the do-mestic institutions or internal affairs of any State. He the gentleman might be heard on it.tion with regar d to one of the candidates suggested for the Repnb lean Presidential nomination. W eI n heaping all ] nanner of railing accusations and op-probrious epit bets on the citizen whom, in the faceand in spite ol its fuimiuatiouR, the Republicans ofChicago have i een fit to nominate for Mayor, it hasINVESTIGA TION. . acts of the Georgia Courts/ The Courts of Wisconsin The House again voted.had asserted the "supremacy of the State Courts over Whole number of vote«.... .185 Mr. Seaton.The following correspondence will show that, in the Federal Courts. The decisions referred to by the Necessary to a choice....... 93 Mr. Ball....leaving Washington, Thaddeus Hyatt had no desire to escape the process of the Senate, but only to pre- pare for his appearance at its bar:13 2 1Arrestthis evening, at Hope Chapel, Broadway. This iady of an Alleged Connterfeit is naturally gifted with poetic fancy, and has received.,T. i?ixir-,L'MT^;*Tn anur iTfcTC LATEST NEWS,given iteelf a large aUowar.ee of humble pie to eatduring the caivass, and hns furnished the Demo- I). R. McNAlR, etq., Serjeant-at-Arms, United State* Senate.live as long as the Union, may attend, and be gratffied likewise with the entertainment.cratic organs with an abundance of serviceable am- BOSTON, Feb. 2-1, 1860. munition. Let it be careful of repeating that mel- the United* States, of the 21st inst., as reported in Thethority. The opinions of the early fathers were mis- represented.nounced an appropriate eulogy.Messrs. CURTIS (Rep., Iowa), and SHERMANXater from Minatitlan. NEW-ORLEANS, Monday, Feb. 27, 1860.FROM NICARAGUA.ancholy experience with regard to the Presidency.Congressional Globe of the 22dinst., I perceive thatit is made your duty to take into custody the body of . Further consideration of the subject was postponed The customary resolutions were adopted. Ad-Minatitlan dates of the 12th inst. are received.They state that the Mexican war steamer Fire arrived d e p e n d e n c e of The N. Y. T * a « j . J a Q > ^ j m , there on the 7th, dismantled the fort, and took the gunsto Vera Cruz by order of Juarez. The United States Mr. Wvke concluded 'his T - W known as the marines at Tehuantepec had interfered to prevent « Mosquito Convention," ,*****7, ^ / w o Plenipo-are as follows:^^J^rrc^n^lDi^triet.—K. S. Palmar, A. Y. Pratt, John ^ratu***1*'' *** ttaenuXm, JSC!UK>II Hadley; JC.H. Paul, N.Deo Volcnit:, and at your service.1 am, Sir, yours very respectfully,THADDEUS HYATT.The Senate went into executive session, and after- Movements of Arciibishop Hugnes. Americans from being driven out.tentiaries, Mr. Wvke and^on Pedro Zeladon, amxing to it their signatures. Resident Martinez also signed the Treaty as a mark of his approbation. The Com-t t0 ^ l H . ^ l a u ? l t f W h h " i t e r n ^ ' J " ~ » A,m.trong, B. P. Kay) To the Hon- J- K. MAMO.N, Chairman StUct Senate Committee.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.The Hou3e passed the bill for the payment of the In- Capt. DespeijolB of the French bark Palmier, just The bark Atlas remains ashore; 600 bales of cotton mercial Treaty, without Sir William Gore Oue«ley'<if & w ^TAirtf Cofi^^ymol DutrUt-?. B. Smith, P. W. Horn K Sm: Having obtained, beneath the sheltering wingrumalBiMtTiet.-^'. A. B w w w , J. H. Enrnert,R E C E I V E DB Yclothing, and twenty-five Many revolvers for his benefit, of which the last mentioned never reachedMr. LOVEJOY (Rep., HI.) interrupting, said this Was not a privileged question. tMr. ADRAIN—The resolution was a censure on a Committee of the House, wMch has reached;the news-MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH. him.14, an anti-Buchanan caucus waa called together at the The revenue-cn/ter Daring hasnot yet arrived at the Astor House in this city, the participants being acm- scene of the wreck. moned to adinner "at5%barp," artd tfc» gentlemenFrom Washington.Special Dispatch toTbo N. Y. Tribune.W A S H I N G T O N , Monday, Feb. 27, 1860.-All this transpired in tho Fall of 1856; witness papets of the country.A party of divert?hnve left here in the schooner Os- present representing an active clement of New-Ka-Gov. Houston telegraphed the War Department, a few days ago, stating that Texas had boon in-Question of privilege.Mr. ADRAIN—1 want to make a personal explana-tion.Mr. LOVEJOY—The resolution is not in the House. Mr. COCHRANE—I send up a paragraph from THEhands, Franklin Pierceturned up as the A No. 1 favor- HALIFAX, Monday, Feb. 27, I860. ite of all parties present, inclnding, it & «aW, a pronri- The steamship Hungarian lies one mile from shore, nent Federal officer of thin city (Emanuel B. Hart ?),HEW-YORSL DAILY TRIBUNE. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1880.:•1Ward, made a funny repon. convicting the] latter of ; being an alien up to the 30th of December last, or 14 days after the Charter election. Baker uud*r- took to prove that he was previously naturalized inKentucky eight years ago; but as he swore when ! aaterabzed m this City, on the 20th of December j last, that he was only 23 years of age, the Commit- \teedienotplacemuchrelianceuponhisstatements. The Corporation Counsel sent in a communicationinforming the Board that Mr. Baker, being an alien •when elected, had no right to a seat in the Board, "wien th*e bitter sent in his resignation, -xtfiich was not accepted, as, not having a seat, "ha could not resign. Mr, Lent will undoubt- edly b« admitted. A proposition" to ask the Mayor what legislation was necessary t o abolish the sale of Lottery Policies in this city was. promptly voted down by 9 to 10. The Com- mittee in chaTge of the Mayor's plan for an Emi- grant Bureau reported an ordinance putting the sale of passenger tickets under certain restrictions, and giving the Mayor authority to appoint a chief offi- cer, two olerks, two interpreters, and a messenger. T h e proposed ordinance evidently conflicts with, the State law and U e powers and duties of the Com- missioners of E i ligraidon. I t is wholly unneces- sary, since the st rvices proposed to be rendered to the swindled are already provided for by the Emi-grant Commissioners and the Commissioners of Police, while the steamboat and railroad squad ofpolicemen travel over the ground pretty well. With the best intentions, we dou*jt if Mr. Wood wouldbe able to cope vith his old allies, the Ticket Swin dlers/andcompelthemtodealjustly,andlivehon- estly. Such a Bureau i» not needed, its place being already amply supplied; ard therefore tho Common Council should hesitate before they saddle the City Btunecessarily with a large bill of -costs. What we do need, however, to bring the swindlers to justice, is a law giving t i e committing magistrates power to summarily convict the knaves as common va- grants, having no visible means of support, and send them to t i e Penitentiary for^hai? a year, such sen- tences to be without appeal. With such a law, we might hope to bjeak up the dirty business.Failing to force the Board of Supervisors bylegal process to pay their extravagant bills againstthe County, the Commissioners of Record havegone to Albany to work upon the Legi?lature, whichthey hope to find less obdurate. Tne $200,000which our Supervisors would not insert in the TaxLevy, and which the Courts refused, to compel themto put in, is 1o be added by the Senate, after theLevy has passec the House. The tax-biil will thenbe returned to the House, fo* concurrence, when,accordingtopresentarrangement,itistobeap- itabledevelopments,involvingthepersonalpurityof mayremaininanyFost-Officeundeliveredforthirty Speakorhadtakenthefloorwhilehewas.statingainvaders of Kansas. * Pending the discussion of Ms petition, which was warmly oppoeed by members of the Committee, the question was disposed of by voting the arms back to the control of the Massachusetts State KansaB There are 642 men belonging to the infantry and Committee, which purchased and forwarded them cavalry arms, stretched from Fort Brown, near to the National Committee at Chicago in the first instance. Brown then proceeded to BoBton, aslirge amount of which will be saved.ST. CATHERINES-, C. W., Feb. 27,1860.Letters per the steamship Europa state- that Hon. Mr. Merritt, M- P . P . was not a passenger in the Hun- garian, he being prevented by business from coming in her.Texas News.. WASHINGTON, Monday, Feb. 27, 1860.ster developed a v<-ry «-l&borate plan by which it is bin- hope to capture a majority of the New-Englarad dele- gations; and the New-Yorkor present was not alow to- promise the sovereign voice of his State in favor ofthat ex-President, f4-InadditiontothenamesofOhioDelegateto- Chicago already published by us, we find the follow- ing): IVth District (Miami, &e.),t Geo. B{ Burgeeaand John E. Cummins. IXth District (Seneca, A&c.)t Eafl Bill and D. W . Swigart. '-j-The Senate Printing Investigating Committee it collecting a mass of facts regarding the printing cor- luptione of the last Congress, and also the bargains al- ready made by Bowman, who has been elected Senator- djdveb,ow>evonifothercon„oqUonceftbeinvolved.M e 3i c o o r n o t ? fte p u r p 0 B et o s t r^ . e a d ej^gMatamoros, to Pert Clark, about 250 miles above,under competent officers, and with special instruc- was supposed, to make his application to the Mas-The SPEAKER remarked that general consent was Th\c New-Orleans Picayune of Wednesday is re- necessary. .' t ceived by the Adams Express.Mr.. LOVEJOY repeated bis objection. The Galveston Civilitmof tho 17th says that Gov.Mr. HOUSTON (Dem., Ala.)—The gentleman from Houston has transmitted to the president the result ofNew-Jersey propoeea to refute a slander, which it is the labors of the Texas Commissioners on the Rio endeavored to propagate through this House, but the Grande. He says that unleee immediate steps are takenjentleman from Illinois (Lovejoy), though the slander' for the efficient protection of the frontier of Texas, hesacusetts Committee. Witness never saw him after- represents Cortina as an American citizen, who re- ward. Witness was acquainted with John E.tions as to vigilance- Information received herecruited his followers by opening the Jail at Browns-Cook, Richard Eealf, and James.Redpath, none ofville, and then plundering on both .sides of the whom ever told him or the National Committee a river. The belief is, he has more Americana than syllable about Brown's plans. The National Com-is in the journals, makes a point of order and objects to an explanation.Cries of "Order." jMr. ADRAIN—The gentleman from Illinois has no right to make objection where censure has been castwill himself move to repel the present invasion, and pre- vent a recurrence of the measures progressing in and out of Texas, looking to a protectorate in Northern Mexico.The Commissioners report that there is no certaintyPrinter.Know-Nothing Bull'alo paper, 50 cents on [the dollarmittee voted itself functus officio in March, 1857, and diebanded.This is another extensive water haul for the in- cently applied to the President for the aid of our vestigators.Mexicans in his band.TROUBLE IN CHIHUAHUA.or printing the Post-Office blanks, Bowman pocketing;he other half for nothing. This is even vrorse than hisagreementwithBlair&.Rives,when be getsone- third of the sum paid by Government as his shire. Bowman, finding Heart!, the Superintendeni of Print-The authorities of the State ofChihuahuare-onamemberofaCommittee. 1appealtohimtowith- ofquietwithoutapartialoccupationofMexico.draw his dbiectlion. The Texas Legislature adjourned on the 13th inat.,troops stationed near there to prevent depredationson American citizens and property, alleged to havebeen committed by marauders and banditti in theinterest of Miramon, who were drilling and organ- for him, together with one Southern Oppositionist, izing for the defeat of the Liberal cause.. Orders namely, Mr. Anderson of Kentucky. Messrs. Davisof Maryland and Etheridgc of the Southern Opposition have been sent to Capt. Walker, commanding at voted for Ball, while others of.that organization sup- Port Bliss, near El Paso, notifying him of this ap- ported ISeaton, of Tfic National Inir.Uigev^cr, in ad-Mr. FARIS'S^VORTH (Rep., 111.) objected to the Daragraph from THK TKIBUNK being read.had never &eea Brown since January, 1857; Brownnever communicated to witness or the CommitteeThe SPEAKER—The gentleman cannot proceed prey, to render assistance. Withoutgeneral consent. /Mr. A D R A I N — I then ask consent. A hat-box marked "Win. Boullenhouse, Sackville," Mr. LOVEJOY—I object. . • has been washed ashore.gland polities. There were present Kfe^snre. Bntler and Wheeler of Massachusetts, Sydney Webster, John H. George, and many others of lew note. The »em\oAmittee was at the Astor House, New-York, in Janu- ary, 1857,where he applied for 200 Sharp's rifles be- longing to the Committoee and then stored at Ta-Underwriters, has received the following dispatch:v a d e d ? a n d aesiring that steps should be taken tor e pr e E g the outrages. The Secretary returned bor, Iowa, with which to repel the border-ruffian N. Y. TRIBUNE to be read. . .thej only New-York politician coneiderod uafficieofcly bay is covered with portions of the ship and cargo, a good company to receive an invitatioi Sydney Web-a n a w e T >a d o p t e d .m ew p l u r o C o r t i n f t a n d hiR b a n d i w h e ther thev go intoT o the. Associated Prnna.W ASHINGTON, Mondav, Feb. 27, i860. Tho election of ex-Liont.-Gov. Vord of Ohio was rather unexpected. All the Republicans present votedfrom that naper.Mr. FA'KNSWORTH—Nothing a newspaper can'say rieejs to.a question of privilege.Mr. COCHRANE—We shall see. i The extract was read. It was with reference to tlhereturn lot' the 7th Regiment, and the alleged shabbyBUFFALO, Monday, Feb. 27, 1860. The Marietta and Cincinnati Railroad, with the property and effects belonging to it, was sold at Chil- licothe yesterday by Orlando Smith, in accordancewith a decree of the Court.The property was tinrehuyed in the name of Noahtreatment they had received in Washington, they L.WilBon, David Gibson, and others, trustees, under plication, and directing his force to be marched option to two Democrats, Messrs. Pryor and Millson. being victims "of false pretenses, and in Which John a compromise agreement for capitalization.Mr. Adrain, an Anti-Lecompton Democrat, voted for into Chihuahua for the purpose stated. This indi- Winton. With the exceptions of the above-named, exrect mode of obtaining material aid for Juarez, by Sergoant-at-Arms Glosbrenncr received the votes of all the Democate. pretent.Cochrane was alluded to as the Chairman of the Com- The effect of the sale, will be the reorganization of mittee. ' ' , . the Company free of debt, as the value of the property Mr. LOVEJOY said there was nothing in-,that which h to be represented entirely by tho capital stock, allenbsting the military intervention of our Govern- ment, clearly foreshadows the policy of the Admin-The Senate, in Executive seesion, to-day finally dis- posed of the Commerce ana. Amity treaty with Para- guay by ratifying it./ The Mexican treaty was thenconstituted a question of privilege.Mr. JOB.N COCHRANE p;>iu the charge therein asto himself-was unfounded, untrue, and as a member of theHoutie—the mortgiiges being wiped out. The property was sold for the minimum lixed by the Court, $20U>UuO.; — •istration,andthedesignsofappropriating the read,butageneraldiscussionofitsmeritswasnotcom-ImportantPatent9>eeision.P A TERSONJ N. J., Feb. 27, i860.northern 'provinces of Mexico upon the pretended invitation of their local authorities, in the absencemenced.Among the memorials presented in the S&nate to-dayJudge Dickerson, of the United States Circuit Court, New-Jersey, this day granted an injunction, at thethat the organization of the Democratic party ia in zh» hands of his opponents, and a delegation opposed towas one from Samuel F. Danlap, claiming that Nica- of any power by the Central Government to pre- ragua had given to him and company the exclusivetake care of himself in the newspapers, and hoped the , and Packing Company, restraining Dunbar & JoBlin —The Washington corret ipondeni of Tlie, Philadel- gentleman would pursue the same course. He ob- of Trenton from making billiard strips, car springs, and' phia Ledger writes that " the Hlinois1 Douglas leader,serve peace ar;d order.THE MEXICAN TREATY. :right to navigate by steam all. T.ho waters of that coun- try, and complaining that onr Federal Executive has, for the last,five years, entirelv overlooked their right.jected. • ''/'•Mr. COCHRANE was about to replv, whenMr. LOVEJOY objected.The SPEAKER decided this'was no quesliou ofprivilege.Mr. ADRAIN—Have 1 not a right to be heard ?Mr. COCHRANE—I have not stated the grounds ofmy personal privilege. It is said I was Chairman of the Committee. I was neither Chairman nor a mem- ber.Mr. LOVEJOY—I call the jrentleman to order. • Mr. BURNETT (Dem., Ky.) wa3 explaining theother articles of India rubber, in violation of the patentof Charles Goodyear. The defense was that the de- has gone to Charleston, in company with a DouglasThe Administration gives out freely. If the Mexi* The memorial was referred to the Committee oncan Treaty be defeated in the Senate, England will intervene for the protection of the rights of her subjects, and with the full consent of Our Govern- ment. This declaration is consistent, however,'Foreign Relations.XXXVITH CONGRESS. • FIEST SESSION.fendants had patents for using sulphurates and shale; but it wan proved, and not denied, that rubber cannot be vulcanized without th«? use of free sulphur.4» .Excitement at IL<oui»ville, Ky. •LOUISVILLE, Ky., Monday, Feb. 27,1860.A man calling himself John Hawkell, hailing from Massachusetts, but others say an Englishman, a sailor, recently from New-Orleans, 42 yearB'old, was arrested on Saturday last for practicing sodomy on three boys. His examination, to-day was postponed on account of the illnens of one of the witnesses. This forenoon, a crowd gathered about the Court-House, increising till 2 o'clock, when the Mayor ordered tho steam lire- engine to the spot to drive away the crowd. This was temporarily successful; but, toward dark, the crowd swelled to several thousands, aud an attack onthe jail and the hanging of the prisoner was appre- hended.The military were ordered to hold themselves in readiness. Two cannona were placed ins-ide the jail, andthepolicemarshaledkeepingthesquareinfront of it clear, and arresting several "intoxicated and tur- bulet persons. At 5 o'clock this afternoon, Judge Bullock addressed the crowd, urging moderation, and saying that the parents of the victims desired no riot- ous conduct, but were willing that the prisoner should be dealt with by the law. The-crowd its now (9:30 p. in.) gradually diapeieing; and although great indig- nation exists against the piisoner the fears of attack upon the jail to-night are subsiding.,©_leader of Ohio, to select • quarters for seven hundred Douglas men from Illinois , and six hundred jfrom Ohio. The North-West is to eenc'i a large number of dutaiders, both Douglas and anti-D< mglas. The railroad compa-nies haveoft'erea to tak<; passengers over the whole route, going and coming, at so low a rate that the num- ber will be very great. The crowd in the old and generally quiet City of C haxleston will be very great.—New-Orleans, whe re tho name of Douglas was once a tower of etren c-th, Las repudiated him. Tho election of Monday, observes The Delta, "showed thathe has lost his position, and that within the Democratic party he has little or n< > support, and that even with the Opposition his only support is duo to the scheme and purpose of dividing th £ Democracy in order to make way for a new party a which is already in process of organization." The jpolice gave their support to what wascalledtheDouglasticket;butinspiteofalleflbrts, of the twenty-two delegates elected there* are but five who support the Litt le Giant.ACADEMY OF MUSIC.THE OPERA OF MARTHA.This jolly, love-making production of jFlotow en-joyed the ditttinction of a fall house at the Academywith the programme of and already begun.subjugation,justsuggestedSENA TE....W ASHINGTON,Mr. DAVIS (Dem., Miss.) presented a memorialTHE PRINTING INVESTIGATION.Feb. 27,from the Legislature of New-Mexico, aBking the organ-ization of the Territory of Arizona. Keferred to the point, w h e nThe Printing Investigation Committee of the Committee on Territories. Messrs. LOVEJOY and EARNSWORTH severallySenate will probably conclude taking testimony by Friday or Saturday, and submit their report next week. „ ,-. •Mr. SEWAKD (Rep., N. Y.) presented petitions called hha to order, the confueion being general.praying for pensions to soldiers of the. War of 1812. :Mr. HAIiE (Rep., N. H.) presented the memorial of Frank K. Sanborn, protesting against the order for hisMr. COCHRANE appealed from ths decision of the Chair.MrtwCONKLING (Rep., N. Y.) moved to lay the appearkm the table. Carried.arrest, aDd asking that it be rescinded.Mr. BINGHAM (Rep., Mich.) presented a petitionAll charges made against Bowman by Brownof Mississippi, and relative to appropriating moneyfor the support of Democratic organs here and inPhiladelphia, are fully sustained, with many discred inquire into the expediency of having letters which ,Mr. BURNETT wished to know by what right thein.favor of the Homestead bill.Mr. COLLAMER (Rep., Vt.) introduced a resolu-Mr. WHITEL Y (Dem., Del.) during the proceed- ings wanted to know whether it would be in order to discharge the House from all consideration of the casetion that the Committee on Post-Offices and Post Roads of the Seventh Regiment. 'the President in this distribution. These facta will days returned to their writers. Mr. Collamer advo- question of order, and by what right, under these cir-Mr. TOOMBS (Dem., Ga.) spoke. It had been as- Carter's resolution.the purpose of Mr. Reed's treaty. He had inti- serted that he had no right to call in question the acts Mr. FAKNSWORTH—I object.time that the pojsvers delegated to them were taken of sovereign States, AS the representative of a sov- Mr. BURNETT—That resolution involves the char- -awicy. The Board of Supervisors have asked the mated Ms intention to return, regardless of this ereign State, he thought he had tne right and that this acter, conduct and action of a. Committee of thisStand of Colors for tlie Seventh last evening. Tin ire was an extra array of fine toiletsRegiment. and pretty womei i, and they assist the music alwaysas much for work as the lawful, current rates, it is requiring him to remain at his post and carry outduty, and will probably carry it out in spite of these was the peeuuarly appropriate place to call in question House.Both branches of the Common Council to-nightparsed, unanimonply, resolutions of thanks to the mili-well established as a singer of any amount of ambi- tious vocalization, that no opera she can i render will enhance it. In the part of Lady Henrietta she has a fair opportunity lor displaying her vocal Iabilities, as well as. a nice aciing part. This work is one of the small number of operas written latelywhich maintains its place on the stage. Indeed it is ?remarkable considering the! many per- sons who give their attention' to music how few suc-PIlINTF.lt TO THE HOUSE.Mr. BARR—I call the gentleman to order.Mr. CAKTER wanted hia resolution brought up thatinauguration of thestatueof Washington, and specially to the Seventh Regiment, National Guard, of New- York. They also voted to present to the latter, in the name of th'e city, a handiome stand of colors. Mr. Ward introduced the resolutions.Fire in Pnilailelpliia. PHILADKLVHIA, Monday, Feb. 27, 1860.a can of ether in the packing room, and seriously burn- ing a female employ ee. The lire was extingushed with little damage to the building, but the extensive stock received much injury from the water.9Murder.AUGUSTA, Ga., Monday, Feb. 27, 1860.The Rome (Ga.) Co-urier of Saturday, reports the brutal murder of Robert Thompson and hia wife, on the previous Tuesday..Mr. Thompson was a merchant, and Postmaster of Sugar Valley, Ga.2>eath of I>r. John Barker. MKADVILLK, Pa., Monday, Feb. 27, 1860.made. They have also fully informed the Commit-tee of the proc*edings of the Commissioners, their After two weeks' contest, Thomas H. Ford o had only arraigned them for infidelity to the Constitu- Mr. BURNETT—That resolution has gone into thegross overchariEes and disgraceful impositions; bu- Ohio was elected Printer to-day by one majority tion which they were bound by every consideration o: proceedings, and been published.it hi feared that, through the agency of Senator Con-nolly and a powerful lobby, the Commissioners wi11Ohio has thus secured the binding and printing, the good faith to carry out. He had charged certain Mr. FARNSWORFH objected. . The resolution States with being unlaithful to their compact, and was not before the House, and was not therefore de-most profitable places, beside the highest honors o with having made a supreme law of the land of no batable.the House, after the Speaker. This scramble ha? ell'ect. None of them denied these charges except the There was a call of the nouae preliminary to theto insure a return to the contract system, or som-. that the Fugitive Slave Law was no law. to withdraw the niime of Mr. Defrees. There must be an arbiter somewhere in the case of Tho House voted:Italy, Genminy, France, and England combined—• does not evolve more than one good attradive opera in three or four years. The art of opera-writing with a decent regexd to plot is a thing of such j recent date, that the managers have not much more than a dozen works all told to choose from—we mean productions, which arc up to the mark in practical stage effect and Bhed their dewB on the treasury as well. , .The other parts last evening were filled by tie well- known and admired artists Mme. Slrakosch and Messrs. Brignoli and Jnnca. The audience was web pleased, and the piece may, as it will be, safely repeated oncans in the H< >use and Senate will vigorously op-pose all such 8;;hemes for plundering the County other that would prevent such combinations.THE MEXICAN TREATY.Treasury.The Chicago Press and Tribune &ska us certain and read according the usual formality, which con- United States Court, but had nullified a provision of The HOUBC again voted:questions with regard to the Presidency, each of sumed most of tho sitting. It will be pressed by the Constitution itself. The provision of the Constitu- Whole number of votou 197!Mr. Ball ' .,.'tion in regard to the rendition of fugitives from labor Necepr.ary to a ehoire them, embodying an offensive assertion or assump- Mr., Mason daily until a vote is taken. The Repub- was plain beyond cavil. There was no analogy be- Mr. 'Gloa»brenucrThaddeus Hyatt, wherever found, &c. I have until Wednesday, a week hence/ ,great pleasure in being able to say to you that on Wed- The Senate took up the bill granting increased pay(Rep., Ohio), also paid a tribute of respect. .ouroed.WlsCONSIM.--.Tbe District Delegates from this Stateto the Democrs tic National Convention at Charleston nesday, the 7th day of March, I ehall be in Washington, to officers of the Navy, without action upon it.j I•o»- :BOSTON, Friday,. Feb. 24, I860.have arrived here from New-York.valid and other pensions, and the bill for the support F . Bra**. J o l b J U z p a a l d : with alUtraat*., W . R. G o r S n e / D ! of a sovereign State, that opportunity to maintain my of the Military Academy.arrived from Point Petre, Gnadaloupe, dibd suddenly in a fit yesterday. He was a native of Bordeaux,'.were discharged on the beach, wet. modifications, will be signed at Leon in about, a fort,The British brig Jean Baptiste, from St. Thomas for nitrbt. This is, of course, of no consequence to Great Boston, with the cargo of brig Cronstadt from Surinam,P. Jocwi, D. W. Maxon, Charle* A. Elrfr^dgH. * rights, which was denied mo at the seat of Federal Mr. CONKLING (Rep,, N. Y.) asked, but failed tothis conflict. If the cannon is the only arbiter, the Whole number of voteB 107 Mr. Wintont'!) Mr. Sc J">n. 81 Mr. Defines 31 Mr. Coombs. 65 Mr. Hollowuy2 14 2 1 18 ...14 ... 3. 7 .14 . 3sooner we know it the better. The Senator from Wis- Neceaaary to a oho.'ce consin had defended the action of his State. Now, Mr. G'o.-ubrCUULTThe Mexican Treaty was taken up in the Senate Wisconsin had not only set aside a decree of the Mr. BullMr. Ford (Ohio).....lican side have no desire to prolong discussion, andare prepared to meet the test immediately andare even asked what will be done in case '' an orig- without debate if desirable. It is now understood ground that she had no right to decide upon the con^ Necessary lo a choicethat Messrs. Iverson, Mallory, and Bright, who stitutionality of a United States iaw,but on the ground Mr. GloB»brenner " inal America " whom it indicates shall be nomi- that she had violated the plainest provision of the Mr. Fordtween the action of the Supreme Court of Wisconsin Mr. Fordand that of Georgia, quoted by the Senator from Wis- The House again voted:consin. He had arraigned that State, not on the Whole number of votes.,V..1K9 Mr: Ball..:.Dr. John Barker, President of Allegheny College Wednesday. nated by our Jonvention for Vice President. It were opposed to the ratification, have given in their Constitution. Mr. Toombs supported his arguments Mr. HOARD (E*p';', N. Y.) asked whether it would in this place, died suddenly at two o'clock on Sundaywill be quite time for us to answer that question adhesion. when we eithe:: favor or are suspected of favoringby copious citations from legal authorities. be in order that after the next trial., if it yere unsuc- afternoon. In the course ofhis remarka he said it was useless to cessful, the plurality shall elect.•MRS. ELLEN HEY BLUNTS READINGS - Mrs. Ellen Key Blunt, daughter of the author of The Star-Spangled Banner (as complete an inspiration as The Marsellaise, the circumstances atending its pro- duction considered), will give readings of the, poetsMDEATH OF Mil. SPINK.Safety of Mr. McKellar, M. P . P . TORONTO, C W., Monday, Feb. 27, 1860.Letters received by the Europa", by the friends of Mr. McKellar, M. P . P ., state that he did not sail by the Hungarian, as was supposed.sing paeans to the ,Union while they trampled the The SPEAKER replied in the negative.Mr. Blake of Ohio announced the death of Cyrus Union-under foot. Bad men in all ages have cried, Mr. FARNSWORTH moved that the subject bo Our Chicago] namesake ought to rest satisfied for Spink, who was elected from the district he ndw "Lord! Lord!" The constitutionality of the" act of postponed till the iirst Monday in Juno. Negatived—that selection.a while with ' foe dilemma ia which it has iuvolved represents, in a feeling and appropriate manner. which it had come, and the act of 1859 did not dill'er Several inofferiual motions were made to postponeitself with regird to the Mayoralty of its own City. MR. HYATT ANO THE HARPER'S PERRY therefrom. He reviewed at length, and explained the untilMonday, Wednesday, aud Friday, und to adjourn.1793 had been affirmed by every State Court before 74 against 3 (i8.1860.Senator from' Iowa, and he • would show election of a Printer. ^A fire broke out this evening in the drug warehousenot only get tho appropriation sought for, but also alongerleaseo:office.WehopethattheRepubli-disgustedeverybodybutthoseinterested,andough thathewaBwrong.Theexcusegivenwas Mr.COLFAX(Rep.,Ind.)saidhewasauthorizedofCharlesE115B&Co.,originatingintheexplosionofceedinproducinganeffectiveopera.AllEurope—Senator from Wisconsin simply asserted that the Fed-eral Courts had not supremacy over State Courts.Nine Judges of the Supreme Court said this was a newdoctrine in American jurisprudence. The action of theWisconsin Courts stood in its naked deformity, with- votes were changed to Mr. Ford. This, as the contest out a parallel. In reply to Mr. Hale, he said the Or- w«B close, excitoddmuch intcrent.Alonzo P . Burrill, broker, at No. 16 State street, hasgot into trouble, being charged with dealing in coun- who are fatherless. Those who think something du-e terfeit and broken bank bills. Several hundred dollars to the daughter of the author of the lyric which will of the stuff were found/in his possession, with whichthe police arrested him. / *dinance of 1787 passed before thia Government was MiypBLAKE (Rep., Ohio) announced j,he death of SIR: By a resolution of the Honorable Semite of formed, and therefore rested upon no constitutional au- Cyrus Spink of the XlVth District of Ohuo. Ho pro-ward adjourned.CHARLESTON, Monday, Feb. 27, i860. Archbishop Hughes and the Rev. Father Mathews•»Marine JMsasters.BOSTON, Mondav, Feb. 27, 1860.The South Carolinian of vesterday ankouncp theThe Electoijal ticket nominated consists of E. G. power, I beg to inform your honorable Committee that obtain, consent to offer a resolution instructing the death by apoplexy of Col. J. *H. Irby, ioduerly•% Con- is ashore at Woodend, Provincetown, aind the sea is Britain but the. settlement of the Greytown affair is a*nd 180 boyi The number of adulia was 2U8, duty have been earlier discharged.rior to report to the Hoiise the present condition of the trust lands wesi of the Missouri set. apart for tho Now' York Indians; whether the same have been brought into market as a part of the public domain, and it so,Tlae UfassaehnSetts Strikes.BOSTPN, Monday, Fel>. 27, 1860. will be recovered. ichildren, 334; die«aaea were1 hnvf. th« honorto be, Sir, yo jr^vtjry.obtjdi-nt uvtrtmt. THADDEUS HYATT.THE IIAItPEU'S PERRY INVESTIGATION.The United StateB eteam-frigate Brooklyn, Cap** Farragut, arrived at,this port on Monday morning, from Pensacola, whence she sailed Feb. 19. The fol- lowing is a list of officers:Capt., David G. Fanrajnit; Lieut, and Exacutiv* Oflkwr, JAm*« A. Doyle; LieuitsaiuiU, Albert N. Smith, Wm. IS. J«?8e*k vv'w. Mitchell, H«>nry A. Adanm,jr.; Surgeon, L»orl» W. Miner; Pw- ter, Thoa. W. Looker; Chief Euxiueer, Jo*huo Koli«ui»W«; l»t, Limit,ofMarine*,GeorgeH_Grubam;Aj«i«tantSurgeon,T.w. Leach; is* A«ki«tant Engineer, W . B. Brook*; 2d A»«i*unt Kw-sentatives, died at Autauga on Sunday. rnnci* H. Bacon, John C. Robinson, Vinoent P. Tracer*; C*9'*bows an increase of 8 week.is repor. over that of the previyd-*» 4The KviMlout Ferry.The officers found in hiB possession a large quantity of the cfrculars, together with a.number of anawers, and inquiries from persons who had received copies otaints Clork, Edward Gabandon; Purser's Clark, Forb«» Pwker.COUNTERFEIT $1 bills on tho Chemung Bank, in thieState,wereofferedaboutthecitylastevening-One of the missionaries in Burmah, speaking of cholera,savs:"Anewtreatmentofthiadiseaseaa« come iu vogue—inoculation. An incision is made on the brcaet or back of the patient, and an extracA otfee, 298; femitlea, 243. The principal foliowa: Bronchitis, 0; congestion ofSix hundred shoemakers of Haverhill, about two- thirds of the number employed there, organized to-dayThefor a strike. The. proceedings were oideriy. strikers at Lynn, Marblehcad, SanguB, Ndtick, and other places, remain also quiet, but firm. At present,the boiu'.fc?, manliest no disposition to inakt concessions.AlabamaLegislature. MottTjcniMicitr, Ala., Monday, Feb. 27, 1860.Clieck Lost or Stolen. NKW.OIU.KANS, Tuesday, Fob. 27 J** -Messrs. Phillips, Nixon & Co.'. oerUhed check for $5,000 15, was lost or stolen to-day.1 0biain, 14; co^^estion of lungs, 6; consumption, 8G; convulsions, 41; croup 20; debility, 9; diphtheria, 14; dropsy, £ ; erysipelas,?; scar et fever, 60; other levers, W; inflammation of lungs, 05; other inflam- mations,30;iMrasmus,24. Oithese,41diedfromamdent,, bnjnings and viotenc*. The nativities ofthe deceased W aj foUowe: United States, 3S0; En- .gland,ll; Germany,35;Ireland,101.Thi0-Gen.WiliamWalkeria«ullafirmbelieverinthe »«<*r*!iv of a dave government ouuide of this Union— XHicaragua, fcr instance—and regards the Hon. S. A. l>ougia«a»<«,Bofthemwt.devotedfriendsofthatmode ol Slavery ext enaion. R*» 5KUfirm b-liever, too, in the suecetH of Doagla* before the Charleston Convention. So say* The Atrntgomery Mail.—At Cobun )u« arid Chicinaati', the dalegatoa to the Columbus and Cbi«,go Convention were chonen by ballot.ROMJOUT,N.Y.,Monday,-F<u.27i860.The ferry between thiH place and Rhlnobeek utation them, and who had seen hi» advertisement iu Th.'.1 am prepared to receive any further process that- may Committee on the Judiciary to inquire whether any, gressman.breaking over her. great triumph for Mr. Wyke. He has succeeded hs ST. JOSEFH, Monday, Feb. 27,1860. arranging a difficult question where Lord ClarendonRyan, CharJetjDnnn, J. C. Fuircbild, Emile Rothe^ await me. The process of the honorable Senate will ai>d if so, what legislation is necessary to secure the Benjamin Ferguson. reach me on application to my counsel, the Hon. S. F+ liberty of upeech or person in the District of Columbia,Sewell, No. 4t> Washington street, Bottom It is prop- and whether any, aud if so, what practical legislation ClTT MOR ALITT.—The whole number of deaths er for me to add that I have apprised your honorable is necessary to secure the rights of free persons in saidc^currfcg in his city for the wsek ending Feb. 25, Senate's Sergeant-at-ArroB that I shall be in Washing- District.was 542. Of ton on Wednesday, the 7th of March to there receive On motion of Mr. FENTON (Rep., N. Y.), a resolu- "ese 118 were men, «0 women, 154 girls the commands of the honorable Senate, should not his tion was adopted calling on tho Secretary of the Inte-The Canonsboro Rice Mill, with five thousand bush- els of rice, Was deBtroyed by fire yeeterdajy. Tho millHorace White of The. Chicago Press and Tribune, by what authority.Mr. GURLEY, from the Committee on Printing, re- ported a reuolut.icn that there be printed for the use or Committee, appeared before the Senate Harper's the House 25,000 extra copies of tho .President's annualFerryCommitteeto-day. TheonlythinginMr. message,WiththereportsproperoftheheadsOxdepart- ments and Chiefs of Bureaus connected therewith, White's- testimony, precisely in poiut, was that he omitting the statistical pui-t*, m>d that there also be knew nothing about it. At the instance of Senator printed 5,000 extra copies of said Message and ac-Mason,witnesswentintoadetailedstatementof companyingdocumentscomplete.HesaidthesereHO- hitiouH "are an innovation on tonuor practice. Ihe The organization of the National Kansas Committee Committee propose not only tolargely reduce the num- in 1856, which is well known to tho readers of THE ber of volumes, but to exclude the dry statistics. In- *l.ead of sending out three or four volume* as hereto- TRIBUNE. fore oneoffourorlivehundredpageswillallordall The Executive Board of the Committee consisted the really valuable information, ami ;»t. the same time be convenient for the mail« and for handling. The ofthreemembers,residinginChicago,Messrs.J. coBtformerlyWHHneurly$30,000. Bythenevplan V. Webster, H. B. Kurd,.and Geo. W . Dole, who $16 01)0 would be saved. This is the Senate's plan, which has worked to w*ll that tbs*t body had recentlytrannacted the buhiueas with the authority, of the jrenfllrmed it. Li reply to a question be said he under-the requiredformerly Assistant Secretary of the National Kansasstood that under the law thin printing would go the• \three months of 1857, was about $120,000, ofwhich less than $10,000 went for tho purchase of Mr. Carter offered a resolution reflecting vu theBosTONrJHonday, Fob, 27,^860. „»mu„ „«,., — ~.,«T>oolohJbsBAIUU'M'S AMKUICAN MUSEUM.—By the steamship quassia is inserted. It is said that this mode ol»**>«-meut, if applied in season, seldom fails of effeeuog * Baltic, a number of living curiosities arrived for the cure. H what is said of it is true, it may well to <?£*full organization. The aggregate sum of money re-ceived and disbursed by that body in 1850, andSenate Printer.The resolutions were adopted.Mr. ADRAIN |A. L. D., K. J.) said on last FridayThe Cunard BteamHhip Jura, from Lh< rn01 lib iuBt put mto New-Bedford _ thin .a*?« ??»__ • ^ ing^ on Thursday, the 23d, broken her engines, orThom.iRiJ.Ford 93 Mr. Wtnton. Mr. OIodHbretinnr.. 40; 71Money ©ealer.BOSTON, Monday, Feb. 27, I860.an education due the task she has undertaken. We learn that these readings are not matters of fashionable freak, but dictated by her sense of duty to her children,M|MT. Seaton.. . Ul Scattering... . Bl|9.r> Mr. J?«atou. 74 Scattering.. 88The Speaker declared Mi;. Ford elected.Previous to the announcement of the r jstdt severalin twelve feet of water, visible at low water. Thewithout action on the South Carolina resolutions.Mr. COCHRANE—I chooBe to state my question Marietta as*!d Cincinnati Railroad. ing, too honest a man to suit his purposes, is endeavor-W ASHINGTON, Monday, Feb. 27, 1860. to Found well. Mies Patli's reputation; is now so—r- - - • •The steamboat Portsmouth, of the Hannibal and St. and Sir William Gore Ouseley had both failed. was; the oldeat in the city. The residence of Edward Joseph Railroad line, which left here on Saturday,Lucas was also much damaged. The properly was bound for Kanzas City, with a cargo of lumber andgenerallv insured.other stuff, struck a snag and Punk near Leave aworth ARMY AND NAVY INTELLIGENCE.on Sunday. She wont down in twelve foot of water, *and is a total loss. She is insured Moat of the cargo ARRIVAL OF THE U. S. STEAM-FRIGATE &ROOK.L.VK-The State Legislature adjourned this morning. Governor failed to approve the Convention bill.QUACK.^^"^"^^^!ris at his office in Eighth street, on charge of send- ine-cnt, M. V. Jordan «u»d J.'W. WMttakwr: 3d AsaUtant Engi-«,ANOBSCKNKand King arrested a man calling himself Dr. H. S. Har-TheMr.Jackson,ex-SpeakerofthelloiaeofRepre- impartinformationofamostdisgustingcharacter. rrntei,JosephSmith;Maater'aMates,Charie*F.Elin»M«.is now running regularlv, connecting jvith all. trains Herald. The letters found in thispseudo doctor'supontheHudsonRiverRailroad.Accident to the Stcamsnip J n r a .officeshowedhiscorrespondentstobepossessedofas gross and brutal a nature as himself.-^neers, Henry Snyder, C. F. Mayer, J. E. NeiU; BowUwtdn, John ing obscene circulars about the country proposing to R. Bartlett; Gunner. Wm. Allen; SaUmaker, Francw Boo»;Gw-It appears that Bowman pays Jewett, of the- .•••: •""-*- mi mil'Untitled Document^s«f- mmimThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069rwww.fultonhistory.com• tTr— • 'i • t JBJ^iiieiSagSfeSwwiwBSSSB^Museum. Among others, are a huge California Bear, G* 6rge•HShoal. She will await the arri> al ot a steam and a Sea Lion, both of which'are worth Beeiau.sidered as one of the most important discoveries,o- ^w age." ..>tug to tow her to New-York.* JIGtu-ag, jj\'gj' ^"^iiiSftLlfirfi* Mxrw*, * f.-t*»^yv- • "»«"'-'"•**VN*v««w*,*w?r~" 