 10in BMErineou eeirrucr.Ito' I four friends, la an accurate account of the ^td« Awake procession last evening:—in theTHECLI8K&HQUR8OFTHECRISIS.«•• t*d sroat vital^ give to his sarty itaeboliiteetornmi negro^quaJIty.misstate and that you may actdial approval be gives to tba nrtocipie tbatthe spirit that ao Iw the abolition sarty. Tbayerhw read a quotation.] Here there is an«fled commendation of the sentiment ofparty. Y ea, tbat asnttment which administers t o u * mest violent prejudices—tbe most Implacable utmost ties of tbe btusmabeart-tbmwesid break np oar Dams. OTerthrowwmurussoatatdtovoirealltoaosoiamS ruto-ai eaUtW •^oaaav" «,»»»»,» m a*,,,; . ^ M f - Evarta "would not orittosm It;" he has not a frown ia give its supporters. Of course be has not He knew that three quarters of tbe crowd he was addressing wereosfc and out abolittonbte. A frown- no aa approving aaaau a welcome recognition rather—he may be a little bahtod? them,bnt "theydo not tore liberty too moob'-eaelnation tt required legiatotion—not any wlilAMH.SEWARDATPALACEGARDEN power or of force, bnt only proper and wlaeTremendous Coneourse of Rc- pablicans.country, they then fell down• ^ o t awpnld warship to tt-bntstreet and Broa***yYours, *«.,Horace Greeley, and the announcement of his name C greeted with tumultuous applause.The meeting waa called, not to ratify the Presidential nominations, bnt simply the county and judicial aomina- atoaa.The resolutions, which wore read to that end, were re- eaived very ungraciously, with shouts for "Seward,pate the African slave. They did not emancipate, or at- no great states, coawjared with these free States There tempt to emancipate the African slave. They did not is one nher distinction, and that is, toe free States mul- even arrest tbe slave trade at once, but they encourage 1 tiply and replenish the continent with free statef, out thestrataand bare. To make thia great Stat* andthisGrar,dMeetillga tthe•swardMr EVABSS yed to address the bnt be They now took a step on the side of free labor Theychoice for Psesident was Stephen A, Doagtos, of nil - nols; next, for Major Breckinridge, or for tbe BOOM, true hearted statesman, John Bell. (These nanv* were greeted with loud applause ) He congratulated ni ns IfweeconstantlyInterruptedbyloudshoutsfor"Seward." Be assured ere audience tkst b e waa not trespassing o n their tana, aa Mr. Seward had not y e t reached tba ball; bnt even that assurance did not satisfy them, for still fbey cried for Seward. In vain Mr. Evert* attempted toencouraged free labor b y federal laws, by inviting erat-NEW TOKK HEftAU), SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3. 1860.-TRITLB SHMBfcto ear*** and invigorate the exatingon. Theretarenobodysithatdayproposedtoconquer anyadditionalterritory,ortosubjugateforeignnations, for thepurpoae of Increaalng the greatnea of our own. What did it require? You wld see la a moment what it required, from wbnt wan done. There vara in alt this BUtaof New York only 800,000 inhabitants, and of thoseandttn graa*material itanddMhoi•••every seventeenth person waa on African slave. There thiawere In the United States only four millions of people, S£-,r«TMw!ieft at liberty, like ouraelvea, to raiseooom-300 000 soali of white population. Ivory <>ne could tee that ebeera) And from that requirement we have modeaUy, stimulates the North. To keep their own atir A z r B f ja great nation could not be created in the United States £ M & y - n o t tery nm5r, neither, » l « r * - i > 3 £ ; Booth. The former are aggremive—the latt -iefeMlveupon abasis of only four million of souls. I t that time tmyM witb tolerable persistence, daoMned. NowSlavery to bo Gradually and Peace- the element of Increasing form waa that of nagrosa of tbey la d tbat tbolr ayatom doea not build up As there is always more spirit in thorn who ._..• than toft*,1 *•••* *tbe Inspiriting language of their great leader for life or for death, for weal or for wee, to the Irrepressible con- flict between freedom aad ilevery. Bow long was it to> be expected tbat oae half o f t b e oountry would remain: with the other balf when such sentimeets were altered aa were read, oomleg from those who claimed to batons; totbeconservativeportionoftbelrparty. Bewtohsal tbat, instead of Invoking this nelliah abolition senttmeuV of the Nortb, tbey oould stand where they stood tea) yearsa|0,anduphold tbesacred bmdofuntoa. Why couldnotthesepublicmenhavegivenoatrueconstitu- tional doctrines on all these freed questions? I t wsssaidofAttilatbaHun,tbatwhereverhisbona trodtoegratanevergrewafterward. Hawondered)••way w»4 w•>>u wi I w U ftreat states like New York, bol <*itbe those who defend, the energy of tbe Nortb ,. c h a r . t African negroes instead of white citlsens—as well In the other hand, the six States that pursued their system tic of their position. If tbe South bad " ^ o n ei-baifAnother grand mast meeting of tho democracy of New YorkwasheldattheCooperInstitutelastevening.Tbe room was not quite oo crowddd no oa many recent ooet- sionn, bull', waa roll enough to gratify tbe ambition of saypopularoratorstrivingtomakehismarkoatbepub- lic mind touching tbe exciting tbemes of tbe Car Tbeenthusiasmof tbe audiencewaseery greatStateolNewYorkaaInthewhomUnitedStates.Thereasonwasanobviousone. TheAfrtcanslavetradewashaveremainedstationary,orrelativelyso. The£•»«»*. finest site for oommeroe on thia continent to New Ur-tbemoneyormadeone-halftbeeffort 1 .—,,_, asaslaveStatetbeNortbmadetoeatr jjghita! continued tbe work, till these same channels of Inter cannot b e done in this country. (Ljud cheers.) B e- course and commerce between the city of New York and sides, who are these men who are to commituity, and the country arou__nd that sustains it, are notsecarate'aed isolated' from each other, but are parts of•newheat Tnetownstandsbycommonconsentfor thingmorewasnecessary—tbatwiseducation.Kiuca town s a d county. Certainly a n Inhabitant of the su-burbs may Justly fee! that he shares in ail the pridewatbin tba city gates, feels his heart warm with the Im- pulses of patriotism, for the town a n i country hare bo- eome oae.At this stage of the speech the pressure among the audience appeared intolerable. They swayed backward and forward, some endeavoring to wedge their way out, aad others aa hopelessly trying to wedge their way In. Taere was so much Inevitable confusion that Mr. Seward bad to oome to a pease. For over ten minutes ailattempts to restore order were unavailing, and zens, if, instead of being before citizens of this metropo- ciples of freedom; and la maintain these principles, as I(Applause.) And yet I know not whyJ^should not. The,break out to the city, the supply of water would bo in- he ever known tbat a meeting of republioana, or a maelsufficient to extinguish it, and there would be no featation or the secession party against the Union and the t. •_t-.t. ASan honest man be tola bis bearers tbat hathe country wasdestined tobeenjoyedbyBostonand knowthatwhentheycallItblack, orgreen,orred,to Philadelphia, and therefore the wise men, after oonsidar- me it is pure, simple, unadulterated republicanism andtegalthtage,aadcastingaroundforallotherresources, Americanism. (Loud cheers) Well, there istheberegardedwithgratitudeiby allthecitizens ofNewS555g^SrS?tt cotton r Did anybody complain It?Northerm aiN* .[From tbe (atttflostoa Msroary, Oct, aj,JNothing, we suppose, Bah toore clearly manlfe > , h . differencebetweentbeNorthernsadSouthern *H* Everybody oould see tkst agrentStateoouldnotbebuUt ktor Bat Inwjiet uflttsthruao to oar mjdit, aad onld than their conduct tlnae tho toctlonal convrovr jnVZk.then in lull force, and tt was vigorously pursued for thepreftt of white men. And mbeh as some people may de- iels, and in early lile I male a pilgrimage there to see Kansas would now have been a Blavf ^\»At, At thisthedoctrineoftonirrepressibleconflictbetween whetherItwasnottruetbatNewOrleans wasto suoer meat,throngbonttheNortb,bow*^smtnbloand cedeandsupplant NewYork,thecapitalofmyaaUve iatheorganizationtooonqoertar/8ouU,| HowaOf repob icana atibledto bear the apostle tba negro and tba white sua, betwesafireedcm sndahv State, aa tbe site of commerce on thia continent. I found weak and disorganized are the </tlt0i9 of the Sooth to de-redoubtableTwrytothenamecommunity.Itwasthenatthatdlatant tbattherewaatentimestbepopulationinNowYork fend toemaelvesl -Yetthere^r-_, nQ comparisonto!theall slave States to remove slavery themselves of their slave States tail to multiply and replenish tbe continent ownfreewill,assoonastheypractically oould, without withslaveStates,andtheysaythereasonisnot inthe disturbing tbe peane and order or interests of society—orwhich the States themselves were left the sole judges.Tbe next step tbat they took wss to prohibit the African slave trade—not immediately, bnt after the expiration of twenty years, aad it waa declared that after that time no African slave should be Introduced into the United States.codtempoiariea How many lens of thousands of dollars, friends claim for htm sentiments of patriotic and con- Union under the constitution as the fathers of duetoit,havebeenlost,uuColiectab'.eandunpaid? How servativeattachmentto tbe Union. Butof wnai avail toe country banded it down to aa His firstation from Europe—the exiles, the poor and ib.< penni-dred thousand dollars. We know what we say. El try. But, my friends and fellow laborers In the cause of wood Fisher sunk a fortune of forty thousand dollars iu the Union, w|th God's blessing w e must n<t give ourtbe contest of 18M-62 by bis press in Washington, ia opponent a chance to carry out their fair promises or tbe perilous enterprise of defending tbe rights and in tbeir boasticg taunts. I will not believe tbe rreas State stituttocs of the South. Are the detenders of the South of New York, which, under tbe benefioient inilneiiceB oflived in a time whan a dark, portentous cloul hung over tbe Union, and threatened tbe perpetuity of toe best countrv to tbe world. Thia clotd waa tbe wiok*d, damnable malaria that earned death to the nation. It meditated injustice to a targe por- tion or tbe American people, and w is not sus- tained byphilosophyorthereligionofJesusChrist. Instead of alienation of feeling, we ought to be tne hip* piest people to tbe world. This country bad expanded from a few feeble colonies to be one of tbe m^st marsid- oentcountriestotheworld,andwasrespectedevery- wherebutatborne (Laughterandcheers) AsaSouth- ern man, he inquired if the South was the cause of tb.i discontent tbat prevailed? ( A Voice—It was tbe bUJt republicans.) When did we o f t h e South do you tnjus- ticer (Never) If maay of the States tbat originally were slave States had sold out to the South, was it not18 of all lands, no matter whether Catholic or Protestant, EJew, Greek or Gentile—no matter whether they were ment. Bui they then resort to terror and to menace. English, Irish, German, Pole or Hungarian, they invited Tbey tell us tbat they will withdraw their tradefrom the all to oome; and inasmuch as the coet of transportation city of New York, unless her citizens will vote as theyritiea did. Hear now what tbe Stales did. The ter.) Is there any otienoe in that? Wny, that is Jast what amidwavingofbetafromthemanandofhandkerchiefs pride andgreatness andglory ofcommercewas theconstitutionsayswemaydo;andinasmuchasfirst raised ber hideeus bead, we saw tbe great statesmen • Our readers, we trust, will pardon tbe disagreeable of tbe republic lay aside all differences on minor topicspolitical organization would overcome t a e institution o f stover), (cheers ) H e maintained tbat t b e aboiiu >n partyoftbeNortbwasthecauseofailtheagitationnow existing. I t was a party not only without priuoip e , but it showed itself to be wholly ignorant of tba auoject it sought to control. That was always the case where partiessiasm subsided.To give Mr. Seward a little breathing time, a Glee Clubwasintroduced,andsangapoliticalballadtothechorus of "There's a food time coming." When they got to the second verse, a wag shouted oat, »«We've waited Mag enough now."Mr. S s w i s s was then introduced to the audience by Mr.Bvarte. This was the sfcnal for renewed demonstrations,sad again the vast audience applauded to the echo. Aconstitution requires every man not to vote for the man some one else wants elected, but lor the maa that beThe Laying of the N«w Croton Hains ingHenryS.Foote;thenthepatriotandstatesman JohnBell fought shoulder to shoulder with the honored veto meddled with other people's business. A great majorityStates; seven of the States sewn ling thewise—I had almost mid, sad I will say tt, seconding thepious—policy of the federal government, abolished slaveryfrom all their bordem Not all a t once, n o t by violence, bimsilf prefers over everybody else. (Cheers ) Well,tratbscontainedInibisarticle;butweliveIntimes when Ignorance and error may be ruin and truth salva- tion.ofinternalorforeignpolicy,andbyoneunitedeffort crush the treasonable monster. Then tbe ImanorialWeo- ater stood side by aide with the eloquent ani Union lov-the other portions of the continent are now reachingthe these unconstitutional aggressions? Tbey are citlsensconstitution, ever oould, in numbers or enthusiasm, cope be.ieved If Linooln is elected.at toast Mississippi, Fionia, knowingwheretheconsequencesmightend.This withthedisplaysoftheUnionmenorthecountry.(Ap Aan*ma,GeorgiaandSouthCarolinawouldsecedeto-far boundaries of our civilization in the West. OaoofthuUnitedStates,chosenbytheirfellowcitizens; If not altogether the best, yet from the best at evary part of the free States. Are they leat likely to be honest, and just, and wise and prudent statesmen than the men sele ;ted from the same constituencies who have heretotlon tor a free people. The foundation of a system orplause.) Tbe leading principle of the republican pirtv was abolitionism, and as such it was sbadowel forth in the ournals and speeches emanating from tbe North Tne flood gates of passion had been let loose, and tbe restraints ofgether, ace, aa my friend says, Texas too This ha tirml. believed sould be th; ease. He'did n i l believe that the election of Lincoln would be a auffictent cause to .:•!•,••. tt-to-Laiou—(applause)—hut if bis inaugurationeducation, cjual, free, just and Impartial among all classessad all the glory of the city, as be surely isseldom exempted from Its misfortunes or disastersBat when a city extends Its dimensions so faraa ail sides aa to make the State its suburbs,aad ween extending still further tt embraces the moreremote regions of oountry aad constitutes them suburb*,then he who lives ouuido, as well aa he who resides sixty years, counts a population of a million, anl p ,.i publican party that, next Tuesday is to elect Abrahamof the citizens was laid in the State at an earlyday, and after much contention waa dually introducedand established permanently in the city of New York. fore filled tte seats of Congress? A ye, but thef tell nstbe constitution and laws were availing little to stay the wool:- remit in torcing the doctrines of tbe repabltcaa feeling thus engendered. But for every one of tbe eight party. then be hesitated not to aay tbat every 4oothenrHere, ieliow citizens, 1 have told you in these few, very tbat this repubiican party is driven on by enthus'asui few words, tbe whole foundation of all tho prosperity ol' snd madmen, and fanatics, and tbat they will control, the city of New Yurk, which now, in a period, of only- instead of beiDg restrained by their statesmen. This re-een millions of tbe North who aimed a blow at the southSUte ought to go out of tbe Union. Tbe Southern meet believed that they were superior to tbe African race, while tbe republican party maintained that toe black; man was ^qual to ibe wnite man He asked th«m if tbe/)seises a commerce surpassing all other cities of th)Union—as well as the foundation of the prosperity of thoUnited Stales, which now, instead of a population of fourmillions, contatrs a population of over thirty- millions,and which has established tbe city of New York as theone great seaport which is alone adequate for the pur-pose, and which has now an inland commerce S'lrpaaiiugthat of any other capital, and a foreign commerce second of fifty years. (Cries or "true" aad cheers.) It will be only to one other port in tbe world. Surely, fellow citi- as forbearing still as 11 c m be and maintain tbe prin-trine. As for toe South, tbey would.never do it. (Greafe applause ) He did not be'ieve that Lincoln would «ver be President o f this nation. (Renewed appUns* > as ta tbe language or the poet, "Goa often bid a smiling face behind a frowning Providence," h e bad f»ito u a tlis of this great State, and of the Cmted States, I had have already shown you, involves no action of the go- told thi - story to a stranger in a foreign land, h e would vernment in any unconstitutional direction w n a t c e r . B u tof the bridge to laid a railroad track, land' meet the Issues growing out of tbe events of tbe agef Iton this elevated railroal are conveyed the huge pieces wss Impossible. The moment such an issue arose, withaof tbe pipes, one by one, until they shall all have been party behind It, tbat party was without a constitutionalplaced in tbelr proper positions The pi pas are brought end or aim. According to the doctrine of tbe democraticiu scow? to the bridge, a n l tbcn'are hoisted front the party, tbe coastitutton neither prohibited nor establisheddecks of tbe scows to .he top of the bridge—a distance slavery in tbe Territories, but left the people thereto re- the oountry would be saved. What reason bad toe lover* of 122 feet. Having reached the top, they are placed on gulate it in their own way. (Applause.) This was the of their country to fear, although Ohio and Pennsylvania this railway car or platform, and a. once deposited in tbe vital elemental principle of tbe government, and upon had gone Tor the black republicans, tbat New Yort would] place set apart for them This may appear very simple this principle the Union men in the present contest stand not be true? She now had an opportunity to write the to the reader, but when we mention that each section of and base tbeir triumph. The republican party brightest page to her history, and if she determined nestmany persons suggested that Mr. Seward shouldfinish his speech outside. H o preferred, however, to r esnain in the ball. For some time it appeared aa If it wereimpossible for him to make himself heard. One enthusi-ast c admirer of bio bawled out, "we'll bear Wiu 3 .Sewardifwestayheretillmorning"Atlength,bydintof rAortaon the part of the police, enough of order wasrestoredtoenablehimtoproceed.Resuminghisspeech,York.I,myself,whenIwasevenolderthansomebeard- citizens,JthinkverydifferentlyoftheSouth,be said — ed men now before me, I sought recreation and rest as I do Qf the North. The election of a chief magis- Fellow ettlerns—I have sometimes thought that a man outside of the city of New York by rambling round trate of a great republic of thirty millions, bringing who Uvea in the country oaa aee about as well what U tho ttmis in the Potter's field—now the Washington every party and every interest to use the b. si anrumantshave said, you have told me of that Atlantas and of that they tell us "You are arguing only upon reason. What w e happy republic which the ancient philosophers conceived fear 8 that the Mouth and slave States will not listen totbe pipe WBigha four tons, he will see that great care;and nicety are required in the work of raising and ptanug them.'and the ancient poets sang, and which the hard reason. They are excited—they are disturbed—they are experienceofmankindhasprovedtobeimpossible passionate, and they will gooutoftbaUnion,Eachsection,aswebeforestated,weighsfourton*,Istwelve feet long, made entirely or wrought iron, and hasacircumferenceofnearlytwentythreefeet.TaerejwillConventionof1737badsoughttodispensewithtbeinsti- citywouldrollup46,400majorityfortheUnionparty. be one hundred and twelve and a half sections, making a tution even as it then existed. This waa a faliacv, how- Tbe Union could not be dlaaolved, because God Almighty total length of thirteen hundred and dfty feet It will ever, and the speaker proceeded at length to deduce facts designed that it should always remain united H* bad rest on cast iron pedestals, at a riiatanee of twelve feet showing that the position of Mr. Lincoln was erroneous looked npon tbe varioot transparencies of tbe politicaland a fabrication. And now lor the future ofNew reason or no reason, right or wrong " Watt, ieliowmorning newspaper, who yesterday called, my attentionofthetownorcapital,ontheprinciplethat tothefact,certainlyestablishedbydemonstrationand mentswhichhavebeensubmittedtoyousooftenbare,andif you stand a little further back you figures, that within a period of 160 years the populattou which I have attempted to review to night. Thef give us are apt to see just about aa well. (Laughter) of the United States will be 300,000,000, surpassing that In reiurn what ? lienunelations and threats. Weil, theytoallowfortbecontractionandexpansionoftheiroubadbeenanythingbutthatstatedandclaimed.Tbere-thefirmamentabovethem.-TheUnionandthedestitu- while under the Influence of the changes of the publican party was a party that coull find no basis in tbe tion, oar native land forever, cemented with toe blood ofhistory of the United States It was merely hung up by our fathers."the strength of party organization, witb but the single Mr Clinton resumed his seat a aid great cheering. queetion ol slavery, upon an unconstitutional foundation, On tbe conclusion of Mr. Onion's speech, tbe Cba.rma.iI oerutnly nave thought ao within a few weeks past, of China. I doubt not tbat the figures are orrect, and when I hare read presses In this metropolis talking of ru what then will he our Increase b y even the gradual proral districts, of distant counties, and even of States, as greselon of the present time? What then will be thoprovinces of New York; and I think so now when I see population of tbe city of New York in fifty or 100 yearspresses in New York echoing the Bounds and alarms of hence? Take into View only one agency, two ageniles. oedition and Insurrection aad disunion in distant rural A combination of the greet State of Naw Yorkdistricts. To me nothing Is more plain than that this is a and the United States In Increasing their own greatnessare not a very logical form of argument, but they are notto be blamed who use them, tor they are all tho affumentsthey have. (Cheers and laughter.) And what isour duty?And what ia our duty? To threaten back again—to ful-minate mepace for menace^ and denunciation for denun-ciation? No; but to listen with patience, with kindness,with fraternal feeling and sympathy; for wode expectmen to hear our arguments, and our arguments are muchharder to bear than their threats. (Laughter ) I do than ecoagh for the present purposes. Our reporterihad not think these threats, before election, are evidences ofcountry In which there are no provinces, least of all, any provinces that owe allegiance to the city of N ew York; aad, on the other hand, that thia is a oountry In which there are no rural districts, near or far, North or South, that can dissolve the bonds which bind them to theand their own glory, the magnificence of New Yo-k fol- lows u a necessary and legitimate result. This com- merce is to bo soon not merely a national commerce, but tbe commerce of a continent—of tbe continent of Amer- ica; and I need not tell you that t h e port which enjoys.The railroad is not finished all tbe way yet, only about three-fourths having been completed, but there is more jTbe honorable General VATLA.VDIG.HI*;, of Ohio, who said that he had no desire to detain the meeting, aa the hour was late, aid tbe eloquence that aad preceded him covId not be equalled His apology for appearingeommerolelandsocialcircleoftheoountry (Applause) thecommerceofthecontinentofAmerica,commandsatrevolution and disunion after election, for the simplereason that I have always found that a man whodoesintendtostrikeafatalblowdoesnotgiro lnces,andataheightofonehundredanltwouty-uveState, as to Pennsylvania, alarming ligna had been sees. and events of wotul import bad happened. New York was now tbe last Intrencbment of the Union and tbe constitu-la tae spirit then of such a pside in the city in which w e stand aa a patriot moat feel, I should hope that I oould ;profitably, if I tried, of the political questions of the ,intheirrelationstothemetropolisoftneoouu- try. (Anptsasa) In tba beginning of our history the ettyo;New Yorkwasso unconscious of itstheefuture destiny a* tba eanntry was igaorant itself of the destiny of the city. At the beginning of thia oantnry it was a small provinetal town. It bad jast ceased to be the seat of thenotice so long beforehand. (Laughter and applause.) feet from tbe ground. Tbe car Is at present propelled by Noyes, occupying, it is unnecessary for me to say here, a defeated but not conquered mea of Ohio, that th -y should!cluded In the* sloop navigation from New York bay to after, as it bas been hitherto, and to leave the Increase ofHaverstraw and Albany, together with t a e navigatloa ofLong Island Sound. The public spirit of the citixsna oftbe c ipture of runaway slaves—their return, either dead unite Surrounded as toey are by dangers, th*y are told or alive—and a gradation of rewards for scalps with the that the Union must be saved. But this could oary eara on, or scalps with the ears off It w as the efforts be done by supporting the doctrines of the constitution. to per|ietuatesuch a system as this that bad built up tbe He went on at considerable length to dispute tbe theorizewhich tbey stand already. (Applause.) Here, if you what else can you expect them to do? The other dav, in we feel a want of water that we learn to appreciate it, this—a charge simply that all slaveholders are cay nextthenenjoyed Inooneequeuoeofitabeingthe established capital aad metropolis They concluded that it was use- teas to try to mate a commercial State oa New York bay,fulloperationastheyare,and toleave your systemsof hot. Thesemenacesaremade bythepoliticians intheeducation and toleration to stand upon tho basis on name ot tbe people of the slaves Slates. A s I have said,anally concluded that the island on whija we standwas the very best spot in the whole oountry for the e s -tablishmeat cf tchoola aad educational seminaries, aadtnroagh which, by bringing In pupils from a large por-boaofthesurroundingsoeatry,tomakeatownonMan-hattan bland. I do not know whether the experiment reliable maa, Abraham Lincoln to be President (onthu answer for what Mr Douglas thinks; but will yaw allow was attempted; tat, tflt was, there la no doubt that New elastic applause)—and If, as I am sure you will, you, inFlunksyum of Thurlow Weed. TO THE EDITORS OP THE EVENING POST.1 m 4en tbe coarse of tbe next four years, ooustitute the ieaate °^ f ^J?*??"** 1* •** » •*»T*°» of edu- of tbe United States with a majority like him—(cheers)—a candidate for tbe PrcsiJcujy, and is canvassing forOrr 80.—In tbe matter of Charles Devlin, tbe 0»cr*eattoa byPrinceton andNewHaven. Ido notknowwhetherthepeopleofNew Jerseyand Connecticut hadandatthepresentelectionestablishtheHouseof R:pre sentativea on thesame basis—(renewed cheers)—you have then just exactly done this. You have elected menhimself,and ir you ask him whether he thtnks he is goingtocurrytheStateofNew*York,whichisnecessarytohisJudgeOgdenHodmanaatheCommission to use(beta- terr.gaiores JudgeHoffmaawasnamedbytheDstrv*responded to.) Mr Seward resuming—sUnhatun iauuid, mture Presideuta and future Congresses and future followcttixens,fellbytheddepesaattonofawisePro- JudgesoitheSupremeCourt,tochangeallthesethings,wtaeaoe within the earrent of a great State and a great ana to put slavery over into the free States again—(Cries nation; and although that State and that nation thought ofj'Naver, never," "No I'')—and to send slavery into, llltieaadoaredlessforthecityofNewYork,yet,likea asrt^i0!?onl"•th8 Terrltwlee, Alltbatweprepoaew e w l Ugreat State and a great cation, they thought deeply an 1 ta n*ad£t£^ ao-***, God be thanked, all thatpeople brought out, ao tbat we may see them altogether. and asked him to give his seat at tbe Governor's tablestamp,maybereferredtotothisconnection,aadIintendto do tt with entire respect. Mr. Wm M. Ereste spokeait Auburn on the 18th of October, and discussed the rela-tionsofpartiesiuthepresent political canvass. Itwatmeet that Mr Evarta should go there to do It; he badpronounced the funeral oration at Chicago; It waa tine to Capt Farragut, tSJC; Capt O H a^rryman, ^ M : . 8 ^ r ! 2 S 'whole question in this political canvass There is no more.If y o uelect thateminent,noble,honesta n dbetter qoaiifloatloog for Instructing the young; but1 must ootfess—and I speak it, notwithstandiar wholeaveslaveryintheUuitedStatesexactlywhereItu men,orpoliticians,thinkthattheyaregoingtodissolvenow. (Prolonged applause.) And more than that, you with revereooe-that the Scotch end ruaViau' will leave freedom in the United States, on every foot and I r i s h s a d D u t e h s c n o o b a a s t o r s w h i c h N e w Y o r k S t a t e e v e r y a c r e o f t b e p u b l i o d o m a i n , w h i o h i s t h e OAK,a o fOn the morning of the day thai the Prince was to dine such thing (Applause) And I will tell you to a few with tbe Governor tbe Lieutenant Gjveruor came to the w o r d s w h y . H e w h o t h i n k s t h a t t h i s g o v e r n m e n t c a n b e c i t y . U p o n e x p r e s s i n g r e g r e t t h a t h i s t a b l e w a s f u l l ,4 6 0tbougbt long,and cared waeiy for tta'sseeives The Slate n o ^ w r a ^ ^ ? * ^ * " t e l o m e r e such laws, the Union have stood eighty yearn, only on foundationscoated n broad rogfoe—neb In forest, in mineral, in 2 "S^?.^4**".•*«w*esuchjudgments,orpretead- ofsuchafaithexistlugj-mocg tbeAmerican people. ItCaurossiA VIA Asrmwux Bteantaatr bothers Lteto—will stand and survive Ibis Presidential election sad forty Presidential elections after it. Yes; I trust a hundred andathousand,becausetbepeople,slice itwasestab- lished, have grown wiser, more just, nnre humane, and more virtuous than they were when it was established.As Mr. Seward made his bow to the audience be- waser opposition I Wby^ Z*m Z."i" T,° T «»eoaMat- again vociterously applauded. The Wide Awakes were within the Stale. The United States owned a slid greater ddetain tying Jast west of the domain of New York, and cbe*«)-d'd anybody * „ ? S L Z V ' i ^ Z ' *" assembled in Fourteenth street, In torchlight proamnion,look afterthemantlethatwastofalluponhim He bad noted with all tbe grief of Antony bow it bad been pierced to the great wiawam —Look, to tola place ran Bryant's dagger through;See, what a rent tbe envious Greeley made;j Muskier /n.mlcuAdor Cart Hoile and wife eapl ' ^ f « 5 Capt Simmons a n MeCoraUe a sauabter. Oast blasto' saw servant, Oapt Chaa UIIU Capt Aktaa. w.'e and aarraai i * £Fvstaee,wPafiner,tare*esstorraandtwaf»7l^m!jt;agricubnral aad manufacturisg resources—lying norm asfor at s e tba an. Lawrence and west to the fails ofOboes,anyon* ithatagreataadflourishingcityiifthisgreatregioncouldbepepobttsd with free men, intelligent men, aad If the settlers oouldTM TM « M I edicts, no more andOnmssaaa oaawaaaam aassnaaa owttcnfl sasTawX) s s W T O—Dewey, mother, twoesitorea and aarvaat; <> * **** S ! £ £ rIhers.sndwhlcbBas^n^L T*!be furnished with facilities of access to the only seaport much succeai» w a ? , t t W ? S ! l " , M * attd w i t t l "ford aad wife WD Ask two eafldrea aad i * 1n " " " a Bingham and t»o chkdren. M»"White ai£ •**» * wr+\-etretchtnftotheMississippiriver,andboundedonthe fameorhappinessoaearthP»rJ°n*ch fortaDe'toescorthtmtobishotel.Several sme meetings were organized in tbe Gardens aad addressed by various speakers.TO T B I B>ITOB OF TH1 UERALD.M w YOKX, Nov. 8,186*0Untitled DocumentSix—The following, carefully calculated b y myself a n dThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069found that Mr. toward was not quite so dead as Julius Km. c H Brooks, Dr BlrdseU, D •>«!»> W B f - w i t f «*j Tbecbsrgetbat''GeneralMitchellwasexcludedfr>m lo-arwheLHefellattoobaseofPompey'sstatue,"It son,WKNevinai8Yate*.Andersonardwife"T!!Tnorth by the lakes aad sooth by the now Ohio. Every to beavea, without encoontiiu, ^body tbea did see that the United states most becine a great nation if they could spread olvtiization—the eiv'il- of intelligent, free mea—over this vast domain,could oould connect tbe>neat of thia tl>u>-i«n-° i «,or?the Governor's table because be la a hotel keeper" ia pre- mi.st be plated tn that last infirmity of noble minis. wife, Bias II F KV'ton, Une a*d *ife B.evui, Ut Taost-*»Jporttoao f tae eoeatrr with a n — How York aadequate 'aeauortlataopposition,andwhatiait? IhavealreadV^?„22?• the fait tbat fifty years sgo, when tbe seven MaSui- Mate, abolished slavery, the aix Southern States d t j 5ventedmefromaskingGovernorKingtoappoint,and countenancebfbisgreat master,Iknewbeoouldcot Governor Morgan to reappoint, General Mitciell. Re- flinch from tbe tree issues. I waited^ and was1M, Pen'z, Tornoe, Lodell. Bra HbUenbrook, tira !*»••»• 5IraBarOn—and290inthesecondcabinaadsteerts* _4 OAIvtsTOK-'hip Mm B Tj»v •—Bra Heffre*«*» ^£^11Bcnoas-uark Oravtiia—LtUgi Panttal, Eu*eae Baaa»-» Qtovanal Pardtoi.—. -not go on to the tarns ban u>*t(AppTnnie and cries of btsosimple,shouldyou9ooniter and overcome the oppoeiiioa •rr.-Jj tow , d e a *0 opposition? What are we maJT men ^ T j ?posterous—especially preposterous wugn the suggestionand the request were mine—uot the Governor's If anyWhen I saw that Mr. Evarts bad made a rp«ech I knew tbat it was an able one. tbat it would be elaborate andHickowm. Ackermaa.- Butler, I>a*objir and a ^ f ^ ^ j S ;lfLollasan. Bamadi'l, Balkan a'Iwi/tar aad * *jjr?^lmf-in tbe lines of our duty? (Seeri? W a ^ L * 4 " 1 <* ,such idea could have entered my head it would have pre- well arranged. Steading there, under tbe immediate Better. MraBurk. Croin Bra W«tt^SSZlJimmSitb8 an b *r" ° " *"MrsLo#ae.JWMorrrioo.BJoeta,<lN <^^f'H„ZJlSl aLincoln President—(loud applause)—what will It be but a majority of the American people (Cries of **Cool ") If it is less than that it cannot elect anybody, tf It elects anybody, it will be tbe precisely same" Americaa peop'e thai has tolerated government in tbe abuse of eonsuiu tioual powers, out of tenderness to the South and t) the stave States, for a periodinteresttait king-•fkepast,PreseotandFutureofsadoftheseaosnehalfamlllionwereAfricanBlaves. SMand^tlcaJTtof wttatatlmrwpwMlc-aioclalNewYork. InNewYorkuponabasisofpopulationoonaiatlngofonlywelsatTbaadaadbowbeforeittoo.Q**0**£*ragingarosebetweenthem.Power,domtnloAJ"lt? Banner, theyarealldtociptesofahigherlaw-ooidtors,toaaale o 0 e a e o< •eeeeeettee»eeeisiMMbtti**! eoee- Mea an" D07b*°On truck"*"--•••• ••••••• yemales, a1«* Tenth ward Policemen, inTotal ....••••».. Tbepointatwhichthiawastakenwati29Ti if^^a^^^•^^lr-M^^no«^*^r^^»n^^l~y~•~^l~w^^>^~•~a^Ul1f011Cooper Institute.Hotdayapparentandmanifeotthatthebwmratttna« tbattherewaatoNowOrleans,andtbatItwaaincreasing stakestbetwosectionshavJmthdoontrovoray. WithOutside,amongthecolored Africanslavescouldonlybooontlnuedto»*$«- toaratioofsuchmagnitudetbatwhenNewOrleans tbaSouthallthattomeniffwortnavlngordyingforlaat Tbeintricatelyseriousconditionof thopresent whethertbaoeedofconstitutionallibertywouldlsherrycobblersarenan erosion of European free mat,(tppUuse) There shouldhaveaquarterofamillion.NewYorkwouldhave natard—institutions, pr-,—t- life homes,country. stateofaffauttaeemrtohavebodtheeffectofarous Crwheretbeteedofabolitionismhasbsendisseminated were then bounties andbonus*, upon ne amillionandabalf.SnailItellyouthereason'tIfoundWhilatmiUKnauponn-j^'^f^yflowiigtotbe feelingofdistrustbetweentoetwoportionsoftealatrward groes, and there were expensive burthens and itIntbefactthatwhenIwentoutinthenightaadcame North,fromtheone'Jx>findividuals,toenforce intbe ng every thinking man to a annas of bis duty.ito the large ballroom costs and losses toileted upon white men. I do not know to from the city of New York I oaw the oobbler* light pending el*«Ji«» W j , v tews of policy—to the South, tbe Tbe deep interest of those who were present at tbe Union wan already ettaMlsned, aad Heaven only knew how it is, and it is for these philosophers, who deny the twinkling in his window. A t toe gray of morning or poorest conlrlbutT.j^g, thB weakest organisations,! are where it would end. In tbe words of Thomas Beaton* itae irrepressible conflict, to tell how it is It had boonas tote at night, everywhere, I saw everythini maue made for her dei l t M e 7 m N d w York etty real estateia meeting last night crald not for a moment be mis- the question turns one calculated to destroy (h*> ismtioa of the masting tbat baurooat contained aa early as that day, as It baa been up to the present day, as well as sold. But when I came to the city of New Or- tbe event toto ^ ^ t o b e immediately affected by a disso- taken. They applauded every Union oentlaeatto tbe Union, aa it bad already areased the evil passtoss aadiamastofhumanity ai parbapawanw e squattedwttotolb*SUMspace. WeshouldanytherewarnsixtbaaeandpersonatammedtosjelhertawswanImpenetra-thatwheneveraState will admit Imported Africans It leans1foundtherethateverythingwaaBold andnothing lutionolth-_,K)aiem gammuM owners in NewYork rtfuses voluntary emigrant* from Ireland, England and was made. After trying m vain to find any arttoto of hu- oo»triDU,'jV»iilvonsof dollars to enforce their view* ofskies. Tbeygaveenthusiasticcheersfortbeconstitution andtbefree liberty oftneStates,aadtoeveryway evincedtbeirappreciattoaofthatnationalfreedomwhichexcitedtb«animosityof tbe people SaoeMthiaUaioa and cocfctttution be preserved. Should l b s Ureal area oftbecountryfall. (Never) Never—tbeywellsaidis. Itwascoveredwith everythingfairthatgrowsoa American soil. The cotton plant and clover, toe f rataGermany,andtotbatStatenefreeam^rrantowillgo. Whatwastobedone?Whatwastobedone?Tomake this a great State, and thai a great nation, it was mani-policy |-lb6JOUU,tiivea arethechiefpropertyen- d'D*'rtdbytheexistingcontroversy.HowmuchD*T <t*the slaveholders of the South contributedto pi soeylatetheforceoffreeemigration. Doesanybodydoubt New Orieats,thatts,"horsewagoni,cartssadrode ibe,NewYorkTribune,thechieforganofourNori NewYorknov,wititoesharppointofthefrresresstbie •Tbdits.TBSballroomwandecoratedwithwreathsofit?Itrequired,secondly,asystemofInternalIm-wheelbarrows"ButoncrossingtoInspecttheanattoriargreaaofB,hasasubscriptionlistvergingontothree Mr.JOSBTAJ.HUSKYcalledtbemeetingtoordertothoconflict,pryofftbebljcknponwhichDewittClmtoaflowers, suspended from side to side and provement to be commensurate with the greatness of tbe little more minutely, before entering it on m y notes, I hundred thousand subscribers—and all paying sub- usual manner, proposing August Belmont, Esq., as chair- wrote*'Empire." (Never—and applause) He prayedble mats, and outside there m sy have bean hall that festly requisite to diminish the force and vigor of "Wagons, carte and waeeibarrows made anl sold here"«eot they have oo long enjoyed, and which is now ao seriously and corn sheaf festooned its pillars; th*y bad seen thanauTMi strip, with the motto:-*So aa God allows the Tital current Inflow througb my veins, I will never, never, never, by wordortbougbt,bymindorwill,aidInadmitting one rood of Free Territory to the everlasting curse of Human Bondage.—Henry Clay.The asset lag was presided over b y William M Evarts,the prepayment. Tbe editor boasts tbat be receives a Tbe nomiaattoa waa received with great enthusiasm.peck full of letters every morning containing the. mmey Mr. Bsiaosr. on liking tbe chair, was.received with jostled stepto a strata ao full and harmonious that nomanraimentthatwasmadeinNewOrleans,Ididseeon a sign opposite the St. Charles Hotel thia inscription :—msmber. A tranaverse gallery a i theend waaoccupled the African labor; and, oa tne other hand, to stimu- I said I nave found out, then, one thing that ia mide In tl'.eb- piojNJrty In slaves aad the lives or their ram lies? threatened. tbe old Key Stone ttate bad already given w ay; would;the wmdows and arches. On the platform waa n region thus to be inhabited: and It required that the free found that 1 bad overlooked the words printed ut smaller scribers—for tbe paper is sent to no one who does notto God tbat it might not be ao, sad if not within Iftr yeaU from the present time, one hundred aad fifty aaiv ltona of people would be marching with a steady aid uu-laboring population should be educated and trained so as letters, "at New Haven.'» (Laughter aad sheers.) Oo pay in advance, and It is stopped with the exhaustion of man.to be able to maintain a republican government in all its the other side the sign read, "Wagone, carts and whee.1,. purity. These things, however, required the co-opera barrows made at New Haven and sold bere." (Beasv/edtton ofthe federal Legislature, and the co operation of the laughter.) Fellow citlzans, thia ia no reproach; H if. not Slate Legislatures. The federal Legislatures addressed spoken reproachfully of New Orlewis It wouMt ill b e themselvestothatgreatwirkintheCongresswhichpre- comemotodono. Butitiatheirayttem Tbeyemploy ceded the constitution, and the convention which slaves, and in New York—I was gong to say we employ— formed the constitution, aa well aa la the Con- 1 think 1will reverse it, and say tree men employ their gress which succeeded tbe constitution. these Busters. (Loud applause ) This is but an illustration. three federal legislative authorities settled the Tbe principle Is the same with every dejartmont of In- whole matter in a manner simple and- dustry—in every department of manufacture. Mow, theandalargonumberofVicePresidents. Amongthelatter practical. Theydidnetexterpate,or attempt to exter slaveStatesnotonlybuildno.greatcities,buttbeybuildgoing oa as one who Uvea in the midst of the excitement square. I thank a very able and Ingenious writer In a to sustain its cause tbat it bas. We give them th>? argu- apart. These pedestals will be mounted on rollers, so as in every respect, and tbat the policy of the government parties, and If it was in hit piwer he would write up»ajust come from the State Of New York,and bad m il that he was going to carry that State. (Deri slve laughter.) "Well," said I, "my good friend, how can I help it if Mr. Douglas does sty so?" "I want to know," said he, "whether you think that Mr. Douglas thinksso?"(Laughter.)SaidI,"IcertainlycannotTbe propriety of making the dinner an official one was maniSeat; but aa there were eight State officers and but fpurseats,tohavediscriminatedwouldhavebeeninvidi- ous. The Governor decided, therefore, to invite the resi- dent members of his military staffPrince of Wales and his party (c insisting or fourteen); tbe me to ask yon one question? If Mr. Douglas Is running aa task of tilling ibe few remaining seats wss a delicate one«. vCuotiirlofOyerandTerminer. Before Hon. Jcdge iBgrebam.success,thatelsecan he tell you exceptthatbothinks vbetweensoolpsof oneearand scolpiwith twoeara,to thediscoveryofagemntonlytobeactInthat crowdofhorrors that presses the maddened brain of CharleaSumner IthinstheIncarnatedevilthatseems,b<lore rightJudge,byMr.Devlin'scounsel. bis time, to possess the soul of tbat eminent republican,be ts " So I do not doubt that these Ssuthern states-Attorney, and willingly assented to, asthis Union; but I do not think they are going to do anythee employed, if they ware to be judged by those the future States, just exactly as tt is. (Lou 1cheers ) torn cown and ibis I uion or Slate* dissolved has no and ffaal he could not, therefore, Invito tbe Lieutenant mend him to say nothing of fraternity and reciprocalof them sent into Sheruraldistrictsinmy TherearelawsofCongress—thereareedictsofPresidents Chiidboodwerenotthebeetqualifiedpersonsforandgovernors—therearejudgments,orpretend-the tank of pobiic edooatloa. (ruree cheers were ed judgments of the Supreme Court-*(laugh bere called for the founder of public schools m K e * tor and applause)—which have a tendency,fai'.hinthecooBlttuiion,nofaithintheUnion,aofaith Governor,IremarkedtbatIwouldseeoneoftbegent'e- esteem.Howlongwillmenwhohavemanhojdor_ « « .Union, no faith in loyalty, no faith In reason, no*faith inYork—William H. Seward. The call was enthusiastically if tbey should be continued and renewed by unwilling ta see the number of this class of American ing bis cilice, I m et General Mitchell in State street,eminent in bis profession, and partaking largely of tne F M Watta, Aug Lafise, Anton Brualer, Julia Bros «r confidence of his fellow citizens, and of the cosservatire fautAaBW-sattsmssa Marioa—W P Buner, F Vetflbje*Formypart,I,ontheoontrarr,havefaithInthoconsti- tution, faith in the Union, faith in the people of tbe States aadoftheUnion,faithinfreedom,faithin lusiice,faith in virtue, and faith in humanity. The constitution aadtotheLieutenant-Governor. He answered curtly, " I shan't do It." 1remarked that his "answer to a very proper request surprised me." He Inquired whybe "was asked to give up his seat." I answered that I bad just called to make tbe request of Colonel Ratbbone, Who was absent; that General Johnson, another member of the staff, had gone to West Point to esc <rt the Priace; sad that meeting him, opportunely, I bad asked hi atto do just what it was usual and proper for members of tbe suits of a President or a Governor, or n General to-Chief, under simitarcircumstances,todo.Tbe insult to General Mitchell (if asking him to wafve his claim in favor of tbe second officer in the government ts Insulting) waa one for which 1am wholly responsible.DJBaroer.MissRoatoo.CI'AbrenaLPSpooo'r,Mrrtoi. Capt Spenesr, E liarrutoa, W H Burbrtdge and lady. SMS u* der.WLater.MrsBralnerd,MOawaM,*UCarpenter,»•> Betas—and tola tbe steerage.B ifreeSthe contrary, I fear tbat the election of Mr. Linx>tn to far cf! Southern Slate of Mississippi. (Apolause ) He waa nature of slavery and freedom relatively them- patronage conferred upon It- compared with its Northern civil strife and bloodshed I know that Mr. Lincoln's conservative party ol tae country—(great applause)—aselves, but it Is in the injustice or not allowing them tirf-t to establish slave territory, and they are coming to say nextjaa tbey logically must, in not allowing them to reopen th e Afri- can slave trade, and so to furnish a supply for slave States. (Caeera ) The opposition is founded upon thia state of tacts Is it reasonable to concede to it? We c in- not concede to it unless we are willing to arrest the pros- perity and growth and greatness of our city, of our State, and of our oountry. Tbat would seem to end One argu-many'tens of thousands of dollars are now due to it— can these sentiments be, even if they do exist, fr«m tbeand chiefly by tbe very men—the pin.ters, the slave- moment that he consents to became the standard newerholders of tbe South—whose property and institutions, of s sectional party holding principles Incompatible withwhose liberties and lives it tuts labored to protect? If its tbe sacred obligations of the constitution, axa arrayed inprinciples and policy were for sale t» morr.»w, in Wall open and unrelenting hostl'tty against tbe property and npon the fact tbat the friends of all these men bad c;ra- street, in New York, it could with ease realize a pun tbe inatitatious of tbe fairest portion of our common coan biric*FTr)iick the sectloual candidate. (Applause ) W emake himself heard. No one bnt the New York Senator was great and the voyage hasardous, they declared that require them to vow for their supposed interest Is it by the public prdn, in the greater contest of 1860, to be our Institutions, ha* grown up to a mighty empire id her-would be heard, although there were some voices that demanded Horace Greeley.theemiarantmigitsellhislabortopaytheexpecgeHof best to yield to tbat? Why. fellow citizens, Klwoo.1Fisbe'rst LettheslaveholdersottbeSouthimi self,willevergivehercastingvoteiufavoroffanatical his transportation to this free land from his native soil. New York is not a province of Virginia or tate, at least, the:enlightened selQshness of the people of sectionalism. I will cot believe tbat the city of New They took another broad and liberal step, and Carolina, any more than it is a province of tbe Nortb, and support, with a becoming energy, those York, which owes her proud position as the first comMr. Evarta Anally gave np the attempt, and introduced that was this. They declared by law for uni- New York or of Connecticut. New York is tne metropo presses which are faitbful to tbeir interests anl institu mercial emporium of tbe world to tbe blessiags or ourformnaturalization; that tbe free manemigrating to this country, from whatever land, should, aftera sufficient probation—sufficient to establishh<slisoftbecountry. NewYorkmustbethemetropolisof thecontinent. Herconmerje,likeherprinciples, must beelevated,equal,just,impartialtovarusevery State—tint". TbepublicpressislisidtobethetourtnestateinEngland. Inibiscountryit'is tbesole estate. Kings,lords andcommonswehave none;fornomanintheSouth recognizes in Congress, or in the Executive admi- banner througb many a bard fought battle. AQ1 last,Mr. POUBBOT, o f Auburn—a republican stump s p e a k e r - bet thisgentleman could notobtain aaaudienceany asere than Mr. Evarta.At length, at about a quarter before eight, a man onthe platform shouted out, "Three cheers for BUI Seward." bora citizens. They look one more step more effective That was aa Intimation of hit arrival. Instantly, from than all tbe rest, and that was that they should excludafromtbaladies. Itwaafollyaminutebefore theenthu- equally sought for by all the then thirteen there.must be necessarilyadifference betweeaus;tbeUnion,caneverbeunmindfulofberdutytotheUnion. Ihaveanabidingftlth Intheunffichi&gcourageofour toacmitabledemocracy which hascarriediuvictoriouscharacter and his loyalty—he should b e admitted a s a towards freedom, a t least, if she must b e tolerant of citizenoftherepublic,andofevsrySuelait,too,freeslavery.(LOUQapplause)ButtheyproceedtotellusietraiK.natWashington,soontopassintothehandsofthoughnotleast,myfriends,IplaceImplicittrusttotheState or slave State, on the same footing a s t h e nativethat if we do not concede to their demands they will s e - our enemies, any power for good t o the Sooth. Our cause energetic co operation o f th "Be patriotic and conservativecece and dissolve the Cuion. Shall we, then, surrender? !Bnaked for support, at Washington or In the North;, but men, tbe members ot tbe time honored whig party, who,That Involves the question whether they will seoede and we have the press, and tbat may be all potent for our de forgetting ail past differences and only mindful of their base in these Northern states to attempt to destmy tbe dissolve tbe Union If we do not. What then is tt we pro fence. It can inform and counsel our people, arouse re- unwavering stlaoflment to the Union, have united very property sold to tbe South? Tbe Southern peop'eslavery from all t h e unoccupied a n d unsettled nationaldomain on which all the future States were u be erected;to exclude slavery therefrom thenceforth and forever. simply to vote for tbe man that we prefer, o or the threeevery threat of the congregated thousands, arose a si-multaneous about. The ball echoed and echoad again tothe tumultuous sad hearty cheers, which were given (Applause ) This is what the federal legislative autho men, or tbe no man, that they prefer. (Cheers aad laugh-sistancetoiour fierce encmies, and bring to the Southde with us to fight the common enemy. (Aopl&use) did not know how to get rid of slavery, and this country liverance and liberty. When, in 1860, tbe Hydra or sectionalism and Osteal >n would be deluged to a sea of blood before any oateU*pose to do which tbey require no not to do? Why, it tspose of supplying'the city witb an extra quantity of from the rolling waves of the Atlantic to the golden gate slaveryfmanner,hesaid:—Yonsee,fellowottiaena,thatIliketo tbatvirtueandfreedomenfeeble!ajtate,andtbatslave- eelvea"Well,1willnotarguethelatterpoint—(Cheers)— supply, andalthough the accommodation at present havepassedaway,Itrustthatthemighty EmpireState the nation What wastheconditionoftaenegroes gat aa aaar to m y friends aa possible. He then pro- ry is a necessary elemeit of natural greatness. Among but I do believe better of them than they proclaim of Is large, still In a very few years It would will have redeemed herself from republican misrule and Nortb r He ventured, if there was a heart kindled wilsjSouthern States, declined to pursue that policy, tempts to do it?" (Cheers.) Tbey aiswtr, "Mo, wenumber of men and boys, who had taken seats on the hut still determined to compete for tbe great national cannot atlord to wait for an overt act, because tbe overtCroton water. Aa well supplied aa our city is with shores of our empire on the Pacific, the hopes and fearsA Votes—Tbey s'ole tbe negroes.good and wholesome water for our purposes, both of every American patriot are centred at this moment in Mr. CUSTOJI—The repub)ioah« seep tbe atalittonkns aa change their positions. Alluding to this in a playful days, and insured to It since under her enlightened antes or, if it should be committed, we should oe too much de in a social and commercial view, the great growth New York. Will you allow these hopes to be disiopiiot a sort at compend to do the stealing Look at tba aegrum men—men who had not learnel the demoralizing doctrine moralized, and we could not resist and vindicate our of New York actually demands a much greater ed? (Cries of "No, no.") No, before another week shall in Canada; tbey are steeped to filth, and were a peal toedge of the platform, were requested b y Mr. Seward to commercial prise then c'aimed by New York in its early act may never be committed—(Langhter and oheers)—these great aad wise men—tbe great statesmen and pa- themselves. I know their manhood, their aptrl*., their s r s a c H OF WILLIAM H . SBWARP. triots of that early period—were Giles and Hamilton, courage and their chivalry, and 1 know enough of hum in Jay, the Clintons, Tompkins, Rufus King; and, coming ou nature to know, also, that he who waits until an overtpreserved tbe Union from the calamities of a sectional aympaiby for tbe black man, it waa the democrats, audi• o doubt be found Insufficient t o meet t b e increased d e - administration. not th-: republicans He told them that the awgio waamand of ou^r citizens. Our readers will recollect that last Mr. JAXXB & THATKB, of New York, was the first toe most proper person to aing " J edan ia a bard road totravel," when be is induced by tne abolitioniststo ga Nortb. The republicans, in al i tae agitation and war upon tbe eoratitutton, had breught tbe oountry to tbe verge o t ruin, and compelled tbe South to paaa atrtogent law* ba reference to negroes; the republicans bad caused five strip*s, instead of one, to be administered to the negro. Trueibninthropywouldinducethemtototthesubjectof slavery u. one. It mitbt be tbat Abraham Lincoln would b aF n u o w Orramrs—It would surprise, I doubt not, citi- later , but not unworthy o f t h e noble aasoci.ition J . W . aeas of this metropolis, who sieet daily oa 'Change, and Francis, of the city of New York. (Appia.ua) Tneact is committed before he strikes back, will be able to recover his rights a thousand times sooner t h a i h e who strike botore *ny overt act is commute 1. (applause)winter the skating pond of the Central Park had to de-pend upon the ram tbat might tall and to the drainageofthe Park for a supply of water neceaatry to enable u tobe used for tbe ezbiiaratlng recreations of curling and the last six weeks in different parts of New York He skating, ihis was entirely owing to the lowness of the only intended to give the people his own views aad opin-who are found at night In the political and social circles, thoughts of these enlightened men—then called specut l were to claim that I, whose vote la In a Inters and imaginary theorists—projected, and had since But why should we erpect tn»t President Lincoln aid hisspeaker after the chairman. He said be had neither the time nor the inclination to make any statement of what be bad seen and what he had heard from others duringthen completed, all the great thoroughfares of commerce Cabinet, and a republican Congress, will commit aggres- distant rural district, feel aa equal interest and an equal! which were required from New York nay to the it. Law sions against tbe slave Suttee- They could not doilcou-pride in the prosperity and greatness of New York. recce and thence to tbe Lakes. Tbe other States have stitit:onaliy;and what tbey ca .not constitutionally iotoes. He bad already visited nearly one half of the coun- i hould be used to fill tho lake, and a large fire was; to ties or tbe State of New York, and oa no one occasion badPatrioticRallyAroundtheUniontor subscriptions, and bis success is the sucsess of allkindred presses at the North. How Is It with Southern tremendous applause. He said:—presses,faithfuuttotherightsandinstitution•oftheSouth? Ftixowcmtaors—InthankingyoufortbehonorwhichTake the Charleston Mercury, which for thirtyjuve you have conferred upon mo I cannot refrain from ad- aitstic ebeera, amid which Mr. Thayer resumed his teal > years has been a prominent press in the South—what dressing you a few brief remarks at this critical junc-bas been the late of its editors? Tne brst ruined, the se ture cf oar political affairs. In less than four days yon Tne band played " Hail, Columbia," the audeooe gave oondbarelyearned anarrow subsistence, the third injured will be called upon to record jour votes at an election, three tremendous, sheers to tbe Union,sad tbe President but sold out in time, tbe fourth died a ruined aaa. {Toe upon the result of which depends not only the preserva- then announced that Bon. James K Clinton, of Mtotfiatip- fifthiaourhumbleselves,ofwhomwewill stynothing tionofyourpropertyand theprosperity ofyournative pi,wouldnextaddressthemeeting.w*nat paper at tbe Nortb bas brought to th e public more city, but also the very existetue of thia great and vast JABBB K. CLOTTO*, ef Mississippi, waa Introduced amid understandingr more ability, eloquence or fidelity than republic. Whatever the republican leaders may say to great cheering. He was tone, he said, to apeak for taetbe ubarleston Mercury (we speak n o t of ourselves)?There have been brains and labor enough to it t > have the Presidential chair must prove the forerunner of a one of those who only inquired what was right, aad tarn, amassedadozenfortunes. Yetbowmeagerhasbeenthe dissolutionofthisconfederacyamtdstail thehorrorsof acteduptobisjudgment. HebelongedtotbegreatUaioaOver High Bridge. ranofdemocracy,LewisCass;andtbecherishedidolor oftherepublicanswereneverinaSouthernState, roetbeysavthat,nevertheless,tntyttiu*ttakeoffence. Weaek why? Tnls is right. -'Why, yes." say theti "so far PREPARATIONS FOIt SUPPLYING NKW YORK WITH tbe American heart, the great Henry Clay, was linked speaker maintained mat the extension of slavery wutsta.notbyconfiscation, butbysuchmeasuresasthoseadopted In the year 1800; by such measures that iatwenty-five years alter war Is, that whereas In ISOOoverytwenty eighth person in this State was a slave, in theyear 1825 not one slave was to be found on the soil of tbeState ot New York, cor baa there ever been one foundthere since (Applause.) Six of the other 3U«s Followedthesamepolicy,buttberemainingsix,thomore electedfirst,anduntilbecommitstheaggressionorat- newanalargemainpipesoverHighBrilge,foitbepur- farNorthtotbebloomingsavannahsoftilesunnySouth, Heinquiredwhatbadtheabolitionlstaeverdonetomiu-you are all right" "Why, then, will you dissolve?" Tbey reply, "We will dissolve because Mr. Lincoln and a republican Congress will commit aggressions upon us after tbey are sleeted." "Very well," w e say, "but is it cot prudent and la tt not reasonabe to wait until he isweaknets, because there weie oily 360.000 people direct- >PLBNTY OF WATER—THB WAY IN WHICH i t IS band in hand with tbe unflinching and patriotic cbamDON*—HOW IT PROGRESSES, BTO., ETC. pton of the constitution, Stephen A. Douglas (Loud apSome short time sgo the contract was given to Messrs. plaose.) Tbe great work then ao nobly begun by our it would becime weaker. Tbe republicans were ignorantgreat leaders is now to be completed by the united efforts also ot the stbject or inhibiting tbe stove trade bet*eea Snedtn & Rowland, ot Greenpoint, L. I., for laying the of the American people From the snow clad hills of the tbe States, for Virginia could never be made a free State.Croton water to the reservoirs, for to case the Waterscarcity will be entirely done away with when toe hew mains will be ready for use, which will be early id the spring, as tbe capacity of it will be three and a half times greater than toe two that are nosrto use oomi>med|fur- Blsh.The work of laying the new main was commenced lastSaturday, ana it will probably take unt.l tbe 1st of Janu- there was one ^ i o stayed behind to watch him (Apary to finish it Tbe preparations for laying it are very plause.) The pratciples of our government and our con-complete, |and arranged in such a manner that very stitution were neither slavery nor anti-slavery. S o w ,little trouble is ezpenenced. On each of tbe paraipets then, could a party, based upon either of these ideas would live to a government that proclaimed sues doe*were already beginning to feel the uncertainty Tuescay tbat Lincoln should not be President, she was of tbelr position, and to revert to tbe averred policy of entities to ibe proudest name ta the world's history. our fathers for strength. Such had been the attempt of S<oud cheers ) He believed thaw*New York would save Mr.Lincolnhimself ontheveryplatform,whoen- enation Leteverymanbeaheroandgotoworeoa deavcred to show that twenty of the members of the bit own hook, and if tbey did ao, be believed slew YorKatmosphere.These section? are raised by a stationary engine and alarge revolving derrick. It takes about seven minutes toraise each piece, but even with this speed they are at to bold it together. (Applause) It was nothing more made some passing complimentary remarks, aad then in-prtKcut abje to raise and place only three each day. Ina nor less than an abolition party, opposed not so much to troducedehort time more men will be put on the work, and it will then proceed al a much quicker rate.the institution of slavery where it might go, as to the in-stitution as it at present exists. (Applause.) Mr. Thayerthen proceeded at some length to criticise the republicanspeeches of Waa. Curtis Noyes and Wm Evarts. He said—And LOW,gentlemen, not to take extreme men, let us se there waa that the Union waa to danger. In his owntho honor of riding to one of tbe mains, while suspended rrom the car, and it is seldom tbat a person enjoysa trip on a railroad with a gauge of nineteen feet fourlect from our midst men who would be supposed to en-tertain and represent the most conservative views—menwhose relations to our commercial community wouldnaturallybesetmoderate'sentiments.Mr.Wm.Curtis ton.HebadaconsolingmessageforNewYorkfromtbaonce the commerce of t h e globe Y o u have now seenwhat is and you have seen what has produced it. What for ten, nay twenty years, these threats have been re- • hand, but In a short time steam will be used, th« st* pre eminent position a a a citizen and a lawyer, made a stand firm to their principles and their duties, to roll remains is, to consider what is needful to secure that fu- rewed in the same language and the same form about tbe tionary engine being able to afford sufficient power to s]>eech,two or three weeks ago, before tbe republican bark toe threatening tide of the sectional flwd now roll- tureforthecityaswellasTorthecountryorwhichyou, firstdayof November, everyfourthyear,when it moveit,withitaheavyburden, AMthenewmain,whan clubtotolacity,towhichbesumsup,aareportedby ingontodestroythecountry. BeforeGodbebelieved aa well as myself, are necessarily and naturally and happened to come befjre the day of the Presidential completed, will be above the top of the bridge, and there- the New York Units, bis views of slavery and the conse- tbat the destiny of tbe whole oountry waa to the hands justly so ambitiousY What can it be,my Mends? election AmanIntoxicatedmaythreaten, butbenever forewouldpresentavery ungamtyappearance,itlam- quentciliceoftherepublicanparty,inthese remarkablo of NewYork. Unitedtbeymustconquer,butITdivided —what can It be that is needful to be done, knows what he will do when he becomes sober. (Laugh- tensed to add seven teet to the height of High Bridgo, so words. "Tbe commandment—Thou shall not steal,' ap tbey would fall. In fusion and to anion they would be bnt to leave things to go on Just exactly as ter.) So all the world knows that no sober man can tell oa to cover the ne * main, the entire to be covered byan applied as much to a man's labor aa to his property. He strong, despite of the arithmetic and toe arguments of^hey have gone on hitherto—to leave slavery to be what be may not do when he suffers himself to be arch of brick work. quotedfromacodeoflawsof SouthCarolina,to1740,re Senator Seward. When bad men combine goodmaafederal government. Its inland navigation was all In- 'fralunly and peacefully circumscribed and limited here- overtaken" with intoxication. A man in a passionWhen we have the three large mains In operation, aad lattng to slaves. One of theseiaws provided rewards for must associate. Tbe democratic party bad done we:! tanever can tell what he will do whan he tbe new receiving reservoir ready for use, our citizens | our oan white population and the Increase by foreign la cool, as everybody knows from his own need have no fear of receiving orders from the CrJiouemigration to go on just exactly as they are al'cady experience that he very often does when he is cool muchBoard to be! more economical in the use of the t greatest of jluxuries, water. It will also have the effect of giring a !muchgreatersupply,andwtlhmorelorcetoourtirecom- republican party in opposition." Yea,mark these oftherepublicanparty,andconcludedhiseloquentspeech pani as to case of a large conflagration. It ts only When words:—"It is the efforts," &o. A moderate allegation by predicting a thorough victory for the Uniun on Toes*New York east their eyes about to aaa what they oould doto continue and extend the prosperity which New York going on, and to leave the canals and the railroads In wiser thirgs than those which he meditates whoa he iab-caase, as it was then suppose!, the oommeroe of please, is what is meant by republicanism I do not the State of Michigan, a citizen asked me what I thoughtand the preparations for increasing the supply ought to thieves, and that slavery, as It now exists, Isknow what complexion tl wears to your glasses, but I dooftheSlateofNewYork. Isaid1thoughtItcertainforLincoln. He told m e that Mr. D.iuelas had York. \He wsa loudly applauded throughout, aad on tbe con- perpetuatedbyprovisionoflaw,thatviolateeverysenti- clusionofbisorationtbebandptaybdapatrioticair.ment of humanity. Is not this picture of the wiokedaeae Tbe meeting soon after separated in perfect harmosr,andcrueltiesofslaverycomplete? Why,noabolition everybodyseemingquitedeterminedtodotoebestlor preacher, to bis wildest flight, ever did or could go far- the Union and the integrity of each sovereign statether than to call slavery theft, and save holders thieves; Mr Joshua J. Henry waa most untiring to b a effwmI desire to add to tho explanation you have deemed it and there are the other points, the atrocity ef tbe law for the good of the popular cause.prcper to make In reference to this subject. WhentheGovernor'shospitalitiesworeacceptedbythetbat ts cited. Our learned Oounceilor, when be bas ex-haustedbislearningtotbedirectionofSouthCarolina,he refreshes himself and tbe public by citations f-omsome of the ancient laws of Massachusetts. W hy. to goback one hundred and twenty years, and find in the deadstatutes of that day a provision ao nicely discriminating granted {the commission to Oall'onito, and appointedan abi« and ap- ---•—-InthepeopleoftbeStates,nofaithinthepeopleofthemenoftbestaffandaskhimtowithdrawhisacceptance,selfrespect1content tohaveanyrelationtothlide£iboh,EugenieDrtcoe,HWeeterkamp.AD*"*'*5and for that purpose I went immediately to the offfce those who heap upon them such charges and reproaches? Bunco nod family. Pasanna »nede, a L Arnold, LBlussiB » and W Prlede, Faad J Phiiip. CcuU Hebennann. WJiasia iustice.no faith in truth, no faith In virtue. I am not of Colonel Kathbone, Atd-de Camp, who was out. Leav- Another gentleman, prominent in the republican ptrty, Bpro'Bhani. Wm E Seguio a W Cbeeaeborooith Ha*«' w*a,»spectruUy, ypnrs, AUAinr, HOT. 1,1810.THURLOW WEKD.curious to tho wellsee bow constructedhe would body o fbreathe h i sInto speechW i l l e n v y t h e [ l e g a l r e s e a r c h b e r e d t e p l a y e d , a n d I r e c o m -A r r i v a l s a n d D e p a r t a r e s .ARRIVALS. HAMrrRcAireSotJTHAaiTOB—MeamahlpHamuli"**—Og?Through ibis, the well belovei Morgan stabbed.If Mr Evarts fe;t u shade of disappointment when he wife, four .Andrea aal two »erva«a»; Bra Bee*. BniJTjdiscordant stroke of minstrelsy would ever fall upon tba troubled ear of a people surrendered nt tost to tbe infer- nalfiend oftheirUnionaadtbeirgreatness. (Enthu-ly owners of slaves, and wheu the institution was spread www.fultonhistory.com 