 Idrinkingewe of ttapica's health, with many expressions ofregard. Heenan sat evidently much annoyed.at brokea watt sash Utnsgs," ta remarked toato ear laasHai," if they knew tew much I dteUksd it they wouldn't say any such things."'lHHtii mlt o t t a steamer;andI'll give any of them who come along to charge of the first policeman I meet.'' Heenan was jokiagry threatened thatMtheMM, «iMrn^m***** partisans J oaiy second to that «f theits at hat a* aWMesa aW^ Of am COBUBC*wwrwiruf, in a oar room, ne lie back and cried, 'Don't hit m e when I'm down-, I dare s o t fight yea,'* sad ta wasn't worth notic-ver wow a fight ataould wear a Shanes to aay the leastTridlculous. and bears anef11M VaiiiiliafciMaatctarod ia tte river, toot Heenan sad MM* —I dtaem- boat, it; Quarantine, aoraffBlag to any lata, aad took ap ttair Intel. No OM was waiting toing.Some of UM party then related to Heenan t t a mannerta which various women had claimed him aa their hus-band, dwelling particularly upon tta ease of Mrs. AdahIsaacsAc,Menken, whohadeven imposed onHee-on the face cof it. BtoatiaatiBhia battle withfight him to France or Belgium, as itto marfor toe Most of I M U I IIf ta is tta firseaterUtot Beffi Lift aad Witt*' Jparit withUMruddyflame.Oneofttagovernmentofficials, river,aadthereasmallcrowdhadcollectedtoawait theseclaimante,aadonlysaid,'Hasn'tetagotcheek. leastshowtheBritishwhattareallytobyfightingaweight aad Stoa than Bayers'swrtog Friday tad aasaBBfiaw, feat to Pew Tort amd t t a Malta,vesal of tta party took charge oftae atattor sad tta officer, they were everywhere greeted with inquiries in regard to hiaMfcht with Morrissey, hut did not seem at ail daunted aad eagaged him in.argument sadcoaverauion white UMprobabletimeofthearrivaloftheVanderbilt. Itwas ttMBinformation.I hops you wiB inserteffusionfrommypen,andIwriteitmerelytosetevery aoctettaas,aadhtelatest, toaaart tottototeai thingstraightbeforethepublicandshowthatwe meantfighting, aad that It to act our fault they aredteap-pototod, THOMAS HYDE, Hurst's prtocipal backertoearrivaloftheBeeaam eatery rrtajtocity,flprUM aland,Just UMOMaodoaald came down stairs and was most heartily greeted. Macrtonakt is a short, natty little man. with a very iatelligent and prepossessing ssBBatoBBBea,air of probability.Prince Jerome's funeral went off at Paris withAfter n main jag a t Quarantine ford enjoying a toe ride UM Ibtoeity, yesterday, aod haliwahfeHliM of tat aaassMSjaf the"receptionU « arrival o f ita titn*^taBt fjOBerally, 4 giwaafaajyjfe2*?*Wa1 MMCCWBOK.OBFncey -eat, tan Caanpbeil tad MsCabo, ofUM Malta sateen, toe tetbmtte flirted end sdvipws of tta lesion toy, organised an ewuistaa for the purpose ofwas avoided, aad UM officer had UM satisfaction of know tog that h e had done his duty, aad that UMclams were Tta other IshsfeUBBts of Jersey, UM moaquitoe, their appearance s a d wars mora successfulthanUMofficial, for tta whole party,unable to resistto the "flowing bowl" o r wine glass, s a d a plan for another excursion to shut yesterday morning was imme-and with a high, well-developed forehead. H e from Heenan. Even '• tta Infants" frauds, Boh Brettls and others readily allow this. Still UM " Banicia Boy's"ttoV aaderbiltatofUM World, whoao victorious retarahaaaoraJ of which had touched at that pier.Jacket, with ILcha oo board had tteamed dowa UM nvsr to ptoaTait Island, UM Leckweed itortod, aad taota-Thirteenthregiment(NationalGrays),trodMissis. Geo. Hill, Lewis Baker and James Irving werelighted not only at UMectot of a viait from ao distinguished a personage, b u t also a t U M unaffected gentlemanlisees and courtesy with which their attentions were re-ceived. Be has received many invitations to repeat his ty to go through with their excellent drill.ita the command "Give em a gun,the Matas aba toft thedeck. Ao party to BeeToew iatoad, aad tta! that UM excurt cntete might have a viaw o foutrageous hubbub continued until a regularlyganised attempt was made to ouiet UMUMstrtogswhichwere connected with UMbellanithewhistle were cut, UMwhistle removed sad partial quiet already a t t t a hotel,as U M Vanderbiltat their quarters, Centre Market, Sew Y ork, at nine A . M., aad escort them over, visit the Navy Yard, he., pay their respects to UM HOB. S. S. Powell, Mayor of Brook- lyn, and UMCommon Council, after which they will pro- ceed to East Sew York, to give ths Zouaves an opportuni-d reaching oat for UM murderer who h a dwith innocent blood. There wag t t a moatdartog Ita aancattoB, sad aa sask as ttahsdy V«M loweredpectedofentertainingtooliberalopinioas,arebeaatbed from UMcourt, or leave it to dtogust. Tta court of Vienna perceives from what has token place that the King of Na-i began alow ty to move set Tta Lockwood received froat t t a aafaad, a a d after '-giving a guaf'to tta aaeir fawsaaafey aaswod oaT to JJsw lbrk, dw- . UM dock, aad UMO stopped *a, HrooiUFd, to taka toa aapaiy ofsuch by that interesting creature.A wash to salt watert t a originalactuated by UM desire generally manifested, and unable to repress tta curiosity of tta ess, took refuge behind a ••glass ef tee cream, ' aad watted to tta grounds attached to UMhotelfor a sight at tta hero.afternoon, and robbed of a gold watch valued at $50 One of the scamps ran away with,the booty, and the restprevented Mr. Boss from giving any alarm in time to secure UM capture of the thief, fulii BMMMBJ officer Diven, of the Sixth preotoct, arrested John Morgan, alias Manning,oasuspicion ofbeing oOMBMBSdto ttarob-steps and going upon a new tack. To-day it to too toteto concede, and Austria, even, can see no way ef preaerving a dynasty so nearly related to her empire. France and England are desirous of maiatointog UM principle of BOB intervention in case war should be declared between Na- ples and Piedmont—a contingency supposed not to be1 !*V distant. TtaCasatoBtufViwmaamanxiaaaofototattaclattttoAllBBttoThefewwhohadbeenaofortunateaatoaeehimintheearly part of tta day were besieged by crowds of inqui- bery, and officer Golden arrested James Harris and their interest K«Minfteaattol part of Germany. Bat whatIta, U W CXC'tuto ttair berths sad could not ta roused. ul<i as slop tub aad rsBtrvtor; a yaid of bagging did double duty as a towel sad dtohcteth, and UMparty took turns at theteaguiday eaten, bat under tta influence of the breeze and UMsunshinemostofUMpartymanagedtocrawlabout, and finally a soag was struck up and iswaidod b y a gun, the lockwood started for sea, sad the Richards on boardistosalissagate,withatowexceptions. Aftera of hoara sad UMsteamer came ap with pilot boat No.18,withMr.»tortn»n} ihsostaipitetvfU»Vaoder- bUt,0B board, Mr M. reported the VanderbUt sull out-James Smith—the totter a colored man, living to West State would be willing to identify itself to each a cause*lassra ~atojK •eaaV K^naaB tMaad though anxious to go,allow him to accompany ham fartherstation. Sayrea would not suit our p ^ . ,flashy, sad talked of himself too much for our notions. Heenan said that he was much more popular to Ireland.he thought, than Bayers was. There had been no disturbance* while ta was to Dublin, exceptfrom t t a there,tatHeenanwasliftedupishiscab carried about three mites by tta people, who saving 'You may walk over our tad toa end souls,' andsuch slprsasiMliTta assSBBBBsatoa was tarerers, sad interrogator.es as to taw tta Bay looked, what Broadway, whom he found with the watch in hia pea be avd sad did, aad other incidents connected with station. Smith stated that ta had advanced fits on it toWith Prumia they are negotiating a new militaryzation, but toe different States are far"each other,and Praaaii erttl act aayarato thai qtta political oaa her preponderance ta Germany ia the liberal and popular eanae. tta wort of tta aawasU of the empire stops at the question of finance, whiteton report of the Committee of Inquiry oa thte head win set bereadyforamonth,whenthewholefully discussed. The Hungarians still heedto will be gramme. They teetet that all ttatta benefit of it, and that each aad ail of toe shallhavetheirraparataaatlnaaliliMrecognised.Ttala UM snuggest ofvery evident that, had tta champion arrived to t t a Lock- wood, ta would have been greeted wuh an immense popu lar ovation. Tta chief of UM party proceeded to UmBtALnsawB, Jane 27,1803.We must remind Mr. Hyde Uuu on all sides it isSeedy Hook, end giving theoa ohe lower deck to ttasaMt oat aatic hero. Every arraageoMat far UMcomfort of UMexear- nptopiernamberthree, o'clock on Friday more tag, mod,partyof Hoaaaa's frMads aad par-various subjects, but it waa remarkable said, either a t this or any other tune, to regardtoUMgreattightwhichgaveBssaaahispugilistic immortality. Thequietbecamestillmorenoticeableas talker dropped off to sleep! upon chairs s a daadwasonlybrokenbyttabannedfootsteps of by this time about half past two o-clockv aod the Vander-The party were then invited t o take a ride. A carriageSoon after UMBodmingled thorn perfect silencetheirsavage, onslaught,lacoattoeaUyretreatedt o t t a111•»••«* •'"-•'1 ni^p——•"—ifew a, UMcaptain was due "ink'unlifsii u i i b i•tartar for thought, which m ilA m ry BOOKwas reached jaei at soadowa, one by the time UMlight had faded ontsf the sky UMparty had all tumbled ashore, andweroeasoyiar tisassal sag to UM most approved Thrcwiagof stones, sparring, bathing and Ashingagaaa. **•*• ^ ^ .Twfto •w"'** thtof tattf' to use um, sad'If0 ******* „—. — -.-..,«*! be will returntry with his reputatMB earioaaly d a n _ , rent unwjflingneai to meet Burst5 connection with this subject we have received tta THE cBisis n rwrmii ITUT. following cosamanicatton frees Mr. Hyde, e f Stolybridge.Hurst i principal backer~- > •given up, nowever, at tta soggeatioIaway,wentttapartyforUMbeach.Inleasnan s brother, who visited tar at tta Bowery thea- and boast there how he baa gulled UMItitie than it takes to tell of it the flams ainlift toil,UXntAli DXBAPTOrXTsTXNT.TheLockwoodlanded tar passengersat pier S North tre, rjesnaa seamed very much annoyed at would auks him,whydoes ta est fight Hurst,andatUMbrushforUMirecollected, sad ttastarslightedopAT ir»ww.As sooa as UMparty reached UMLockwood UMsingingwag rettujaed, and. UM leading vocalists DUdesaango^-ing they visited Laura Keene's theatre.that they would attend divine service at Trinity Church yesterday, but for some unexplained reason they did acttesfalmelodies with which to «reet their renowned fntead.Fadingperfectsatotensued forcarry manyoftheZouavesVisitedHoboken,StatenIsland, the Central Fark and High Bridge. O B their return t o UM city they expressed ttinamely m highly satisfied with UM hospitality extended t o them b y our citizens.This afternoon, a t three o'clock, they propose, if t t a weather » favorable, to give an exhibition drill indaadi- e»a square, when new and startling evolutions will beauemptto rehearse• Boms Agate,"s a dotherto thai about two hours.t t a mostTta stars cams PaMtaJ oat oneId, aa approprtate welectee to hi* nativestereo.TtafinelitttosteamerJohnA.Lockwood,Captain byoae,ttalighthousesflashedttairbeamsacrossBradcw, was chartered aad moat amply provisioned, aad UM waters, and far dowa UM Narrows Ita sky was drove down to Um BBBJOD office for farther to aawallbrsas caaooa, uader charge of Messrs. Decker. lit up with UMfireworks,set off at UMSeventh regiment formation. Our reporter visited UM dock at whichDouglas gSasar," Ferris tad Chal- /Us. Segaxs wart righted, aad UM party engaged in con- tta Vanderbilt usually lands, hut found it en-St inveterate jokers, who tad ttair ptaMlakl bilt lay at anchor to tta stream opposite her dock. night's i n f Hernial Suddenly off went t t aral miles, a call at Mr. Weed's fine suburban residence,where t t a party were most cordially received, sad ahasty breakfast at a country inn wound op tta morning'sentertainment. Heenan a a d h i e friends, after a collation at Barns', came to thai city to theten o'clock boat, leaving the Staten Islanders de- Zouaves in Brooklyn to-morrow. Tta Grays meet themfor acannon, and UMdang of tta steamer's bell, withaard Schwarts.FIB8T VISIT TO HBENAN.tta shriek of t t a whistle, mads aught hideous, Tta sail down occupied about an hour, sad upon ar- sad startled every slumberer from his repose. Into riving at Quarantine we were informed that Heenan and o r - McDonald, with another passenger, had tended to the doctor a boat, and were then at Tom Burns' Hotel.C .restored. Tta ship's benders were now called into play,having token a w a s signalled,boat b u ta s BOOB hardlyn ramxnoH ow sacra.By UMusee, however, that the Lockwood had taken a aad backets of water were poured from UM upper deck expecting to find Heenan at U M Iatoad. TomuponUMunfortunates beneath. Every stool andbench Burns,however,hadboardedttashipatQuarantine,and peeittea aaecug ihs taagte of taats whtoh nrroaaded Use Heenan, acting as directed by tta sets from Campbell,iatoad, tta nor atMa was over aad UM body of tta which tad been extemporised into a couch was upset,visit.TIB BEN1CIA BOY 027 STATEN ISLAND.ta atoatoto Bey, following UM example of many other celebrated individuate w h o have visited our city fromtimetotime,badensconcedhimselfon"thelovely and expense tttead of Staten," aa it was designated by UM illustrious Kossuth, who, when here, likewise made it a sort of suburban portal before entering the precincto of the mettopcto, bad the effect of drawing to that locality aa immense throng of people.Hardly bad the morning sun arose before the influx commenced, aad from that hour until late in UMday UM ferryboats, t o say nothing o f a fleet o f small craft thatport of UMZouaves' drill on Saturday last, which we take thisopportunitytocorrect. Thefirstis,theirdrillAhiough- oi:t was that strictly known as UMZouave tactics, of which Hardies tactics is a modmcation. Again, when speaking ofthedrillintheloadingsandfiringsweintendedtocoa vey UM idea that we have several companies to the First division that can excel tta Znuaves, if their perihrmancee onSaturdaybeafaircriterionoftheirabilities. InBl- inding to their movements in " dressing'' ranks, it shouldMBBBBtoagto esBBBMgs for her support of Anetemw ctotec to that boundary. It is generally pretended that at toe Conference at Baden-Baden tta Emperor Napoleon im- presses upoB She Mate* a t t t a Prtoee Reseat to»tottacy of matatototog such a pattcy at toe present time, aad that be (Napoleon) obtained from toe Prince Begaat a promtee of neutrality, to UM question of Veaetto and Austria, whenever It shouldwas tta E. A. Johnseo, upon which UMpiracy was com - Tta atoro of tta iatoad. sloping geaUy from the covered with spectators and beyond UM formed a tweet shade, under watch another large graap was clustered. Jam at the water eige of Una grew Was UMgallows, aad these bang UMbody, stronglyrelieved against a board fence which aactosed one of UM raitows panto. The whole scope was moat dramatically eflective. The tangle of shipping, UM immense throng of spectators, UMbeach, sloping forward like a stage, with .is tack grsBBd of tress, she fallows tree with .ta terrible fruit n tta ceskre of the pictsre,the tloop upon which UM murders Were committed Haunting its wears a froat of UMgallows, aod tatogtog Uie crime ui Us punishment m terribte jjutapQsttiOBjwhila s t a r s , the blue sky, specked with fleecy clouds and lighted up with gotosa sunshine, smiled upon UMscene aa though it had beta oae of UM moat tanoceat ptoasuro, aad before stretched UM bright waters, orisped iato auaaic waves. aad andaattiag their white ft alto towards the gallows, aatoweredIt has been erroneously stated that Captain Ellsworth arise. What toe government of Vienna will do seemthe commandant of the Zouaves, recervea his military clear. Already has she sent fresh troops into Veaetia, a education a t West i'oint. He acquired his military pro-with ita occupant, a a d UM greatest contusion prevailed. handed him by UM pitot, had tended, expecting to fed h ist.rato haag daagttof to UM wtad. "DM aeaaa fromtta water w a s stost impwaetve. A il aroundlayiManilaefeveryaiaoaaddescription,their riggingaad docka btock with men, aad Uieir colors gaily aying.Juat along t t a beach, la front of UMgallows, was a perit*t pavement ef aasaU sloops, cliMiagutebed amoog which alongside. The gun having been recovered, an alarm was some note to these old times when Boss Harriagten sadfriends there. The party a t the hotel, therefore, was com- hoBMBopathMprinciple.byfiringoft*UMcannon,butwas posedofMessrs.Hill,Houghtalto,MeCabe,Otter,Turner,One of the gunners determined to restore order, on theaaSaatohjad to see UM cannon making tracks skyward Baker, our reporter, and one or two veteran Statenhave read to o a r report that the Zouavef were sarily slow.unnexs-Inlanders, among whom was Vandersee, a prtoa-ftohtor of given that UM Vaaderbilt was in sight, by a other "old una" sported it largely. AbovetbsmsJ'with UM assistance of a pulley rigged from a schoonersmall boat alongside, which represented itself aa the New York news boat. This hoax being played out, Us perpetrators left to serenade some of the denizens of the Hook, and UM party on board of the Lockwood retreawd to UMmost out% the way corners and diligently courted sleep. Scarcely had they dozed off, however, before they were 'aroused by a most Uenundous shower of stones, whichseemedtocomefromnowaereinparticular,but from all quarters generally, aad so enraged were 9om<- BaySBBB b y this annoyance that apprehensions of serious difficulty were entsrtatoed. Several pistol thou were fired to quiet the attacking party, but we were informed that UMweapons were loaded only with blank cartridges. .1 hah* hour's repose succeeded this mdit, and UMO came UM morning gun, aa the sun rose like a ball of living flame*BBaUKrAST AND A 6TABT.Such a party aa made its appearance at UM oook'sdoor for tta beefsteak aad livtr which constituted bnaktasv Clothes of the moat aristocratic cut, bat of moatpishiandirtiness,facesunnaturallypateaadnatu rally unclean ; eyes inflamed aad sunken ; hair awry and filled with sand—tta whole company, to short, might tare been mistaken for UM missing relatives of the What Is It * and would certainly have been rseagntoadasif determined to held her own there at all hazards, while at UM same time s h e has transported UM arsenal fromVenice to Poll. and has reduced toe naval armament, a sif determed also to defend tar claims there on toe battle The Ninth anniversary of UM Irish Fusiliers, Sixty- field, if forced to abanoon UM fortress. But they do not^^^*^*£. pitotMrTM**invita-treated to several drtokaaad agun. Tasqrstated thatjt wsssd to taaiBBttli far tta party to beard tta equal to hia streegtb of body,privately made that it was act generally known, either ea the island or to the city, and UMconsequence was that he was enabled to move about here with a freedom which"had his whereabouts beenof Soadsy w a s oeoapted to visiting intimate fr seeds. Saveral o f t h e principalwhere hie frleads were wont to congregate came Withinto leave tta amto until theao lack ofthat Heenan a father was anwell, the conversation thus inter-rupted uaul he bad made arrangements tonotStedof his arrival and intention to vert bunTta remark was then mads that Styers was a great little SSBB. B e is a great maa,'' aatd Heenan, but a •littlemaa'OnyeacaHhim? Iwishyoncouldso- your 'littto 0300.* That's a strange d e a sosae o r yea haw* ataat (toyen' aias. May,Iwithadid not return, t a d attar tasks The Lockwood putwhat Welch had done, and that now be should whip not only Bayers, tat "tta whste bloody eoraer.'' H e want to the scratch, aad called on Bayers to come out or throwtoinside the Point and stopped for supper, which was hand-Sn—I address myaetf to you once saore,as I flal from experience that BdTt lift will not insert say totters without garbling or curtailing, whichdfaroUMrw.se with Bayers or Bsetaa, as to BOB rather adds tea ttaa detracts from thers. It seeaos to m e w e are to have anything but fair play from BeCt Life, aa they will not even grre us that forfeit to which we are fairly entitled. It must be clear to any one that If two parties stake money for a match, it must be for a tie to both parties, and UMone failing to go oo with ft must forfeit Samuel Burst had never any idea of eatenag UM P. R. satdbte we was roused by Beenan'a boasting that be would oasse over to old England aad take back the champion's belt. He baa, certainly, got a belt—but what aortof a ana'—ordered by hia own friends and not yet paid for. Thai I aaas, W4Y>THE SERF Q P l i l l W i DrT RXJBBIA.fiBMtajwasto-day to giveand files brought by her. ton oa tta 4th tost,The great failures to toe teethe funds, but they subsequently :The question of annexation—€aribaldi having <object to its being put at tta earl,taaetttedto Sicily by universal sadCrage of UMI wellasUMarmy. Ttacommitteechargedwithdrawing up toe liata and regulating UMetocbona, bad iThere was increasing ferments) LamortcierebadfounditbeettohastenhiareturntoUM city. Gen. LamoricMre, it is aatd,tary dinners, at which, coupled, wallusion to tta cause of BOMB, totoast of "Henri Ctoq.'' Gen. Inmoriciere'sto BBSS (glancing athatBBB Che aaouMess town I am , sheet,) but not ao deep, and*-—.—---t ^ ; ( Lreceived withI, tta am btocuil a n e w lug m*it would b eAltogether, however, tta aauaratott was a most pteseant one, and the unanimous thanks of the company were ten- d«red to Messrs. Campbell and MeCabe for the manner to which they had conducted the whole affair.and to Cast, Brandonforhiskindnessandcourtesytoailonbeard.up toe sponge.Bayers was leaned up against a stake inSandy Hook, who did not desire to have hto name published, soon after Beeaaa's arrival. General disappointment was expressedmade bis appearance aad « forbade tta bans,' declaring when it was found that he was not on board, sad tta in-ttas*hjs orders wars to have ao free along UMshore. 8e- teliigence passing up tta street with tta excursionists he would be arrested and taken to Buffalo on account of member too well tteTHk CHAMPION OP THE WORLD,ficiency by arduous study and practice in the drill room and on UM field. Aa a commanding officer he has an e x - cellent voice, S true milittry appearance, and no doubt would be a most excellent officer in bona fide combat.whom we found to full dress, doing t t a honors to t t a parlor of the comfortable little hostelrie. Heenanpilotu» a*fey ML M M away. When Beanaa went back to bis second he told himtta clems wets baking, aad by aa admirable arrange-meatUM eaters relieved taJkers.aoUiat while some treatedUM officer to a feast of conversation, UM others wentto far t t a substantia*. By this mesas all d Jturbsace Malta Saloon, and attempted Wdrown Uieu-disappointment sunburned a i d framed to narrow btock whiskers, agreed that Hurst cannot, with justice, claim forfeitdiately dtosnawsd, those w t o h a d been mostreturn to New T ort being among the first t ofresh start. The hacks in which the party ware drivennp being utaejved standing outside tta door, the passers by supposed that Bsensa was to the saloon, and the room was crowded with anxious inquirers during t t a first part of the evening.TBI VAMttmmV TEUWBAPHBD.to tta meantime the Vanderbilt came to sight of the Highland lighthouses, and h e r arrival was immediately telegraphed to the Haauin office, and our reporter con- veyed UM intelligence to Hr. MeCabe, wh), to company withMiliars.Turner,HoughtalinandOtter,immediatelybehavior certainly appears irreconcilable, after all UM <• tail talking '' that has taken place on hia part—ED S- I**nilltatryOTA iCXJTAaV SHI1818.The Chicago Zocaves, after their napamlleted drill to froat of tta City Hall on Saturday test, ware escorted to t t e Lafarge House, where they were sumptuously enter- tained by the officers of theSixth regiment. In UMevenanxious proposet o atirely deserted, h o t afterwards obtained t t a information that MsaBBB had landed at Staten Island,and that tta other passengers would ta put on shore atUMBattery. TtaHeenan partybeing informedofthisarrangementimmedtototytookarowboat,aad,tocompanywiibourreporter,startedforStolenIsland. Itwas cratictowantmorethantwohorses. Afinerideofseve-greeted the party most heartily, aad expressed took advantage of a glorious breeze, ran crowded withIRISH FCBILHBS.his delight at taking his old friends ones more by UM hand. "Its a good thing to ta back,*' wasindividuals enthusiastically anxious to see and welcomeninth regiment, will take ptoce to morrow .'at fcuueett Grove, New Jersey. The Fusiliers and their guesta will be conveyed thither in the steamboat Isaac N. Seymour andabarge,WhichhavebeencharteredforUMoccasion. It la expected that the Emmett Guard, of New Haven, to whose honor the grove has been named, win be present as the guests of the Fusiliers.COMFAKT £ BEtTVNINTH REGIMENT. Companv J , of UM Sixty-ninth regiment, honored their commandant, Captain J» H. Nugent, at his house inPrince street, with a serenade b y a full military band; a t the conclusion of which the Captain Made hia appearance and thanked his command for UMcompliment paid him. An impromptu collation closed UM ceremonies of the occasion.1 iPolice Intelligence.expect a rising, or aa invasion in \ enetia, until after the rate of Naples is decided. How much time that wiB take ia not known. Garibaldi, they say. has roteO.eet) troops inSicily,andwithvolunteershourlyarrivingtoswei hia ranks, it is expected that he will a t once attack Mea- stoa. Again it is remored that he will disembark troops at Abructo or Calabria to distract toe attention of toe Neapolitan government, aad tons keep them in ignorance of hterealdesigns. Tta weaknessofUMgovernmentis affirmed to be as great as ita obstinacy. Notwitiwtaadiag all UMtalk of concessions that ought to be made, aadthe preparations of defence that are being actually made, t h e government prefers y e t to fight rather than eater intonegotiations with Piedmont, UMbaste of which Napoleon hassenttoUMKingofNaptos. Whoiattaheart efthe revolution? is a qweetton often aerert Seeae say it M the Queen Mother, and others aay it la UM eld men of tta former rtgvme who i•iialaml aaar the person of the young king. All the popular reaeraia andUM athletic hero o f Faraborougb. Burns' Hotel for th e his aaaastogremark, whenasked taw ta liked timebeingwasaveryMecca,aroundwhichUMpugilisticEngland. MBSSBB h a s grown considerably since his de- parture, and is now a very giant to h is proportions, aad would seem to be very much taller if he bad not acquiredpilgrims gathered by thousands, a n d from morning till Bight tta locality resounded with animated conversation, to which tta subject of the contest was for tta thou- sandth time itarnsacrt and reheataad.Few, however, among Um multitude were gratified witha sight of tta Boy. The shrine of the temple Lad removedhimself atanearlyhourof UMday,but UMmajorityofthe visiters oanhmted UMaaaetves with bowing beforeanother where were dispensed blessings of a spirituousand substantial character. Ditappointment seemed toanheight. H e seems moreshort hair aad burned face make him look quite the pugi- listic gentleman he is. He was in the very best of health and spirits, and enjoyed his voyage very much. Amid roars of laughter a t his English accent, he bustled about the room, delighted at'seeing old faces, and recall tog old times by all sorts of Jokes atastortos.had retired, bat after the first congratulations Heenanorderedhimtobecalled,andinthemeantimetook an arm chair and prepared to answer his friends' interro- gatories. He had not brought the champion belt, be said, for it was not paid for, and Bowling would not tot him have it Bayers' belt was in UMsame predicament, sadEnglishUM manufacturer how takt t t a threa| belts and tta two/as afsaOsi to guard him Seversdidnotaccompanyhimtoto had hurt his arm by astoutnessa n drotundity manly, and h i simmensecrowd.tog UMdisgrace of harir? it connected with aa adventureon the F;vt romta. The officers rubeequently called at the thatofMr.McDonald,hia ,hadbeenbroughtto tKatioaalHotel,butascertainedt£>*nosuchpersonasinterruptedtion to drink, whtoh Heenan declined, saying that he'« asen whtaye i toners—«r hewtujlbaseffcjahed.tet<c*wr. He* pat oa 'ate'l|yMB w«h*at Lwgfcam three toy* heftedfto Cgtt -»1 Kat tadgro choree wau.errr As't wastt * tou<is ->- husy as ate heart ascid wteh, Thea*roefetadayretjedaeonafterBiascrelooktothe vJtesw to* Jufe/a, lartlBcuA.pui.-s.Or'er» have been givenforIta cocveresoa of ttt |^art of toe beDx nto cai non. Advwaafraaa Paleraac to ttafisthwithh i sbroken nose,a aThe following is pohlatad to t t a Patormo Qptotoi Ce>nauABB Considering thatunited, or thawraised to the tteae of col dlrialensArt. 1. b proclaimed the priactpte of fufl naTigatMn in toe porta aad reads of tocuy for UM dittos and pi n itoan of the ltattoa provArt. % The Secretary ofCommerce, aad tta Secretary ef State for concert together on toe terms of a ragatottoa I Ctttioa of Uw present decree. OAataUIJM.(Cnantwatoned) PWIBI,F. Caawt.PatSMBii. Jwnefit,toOB.Beatowd Biriballl, as Dtotatar ef 8tcily, hasincreasedb ynever took liquor-* proof that his strength of Bind is mate friends of ths Boy. In fact, this movement was soWelch down,ton, aad then hit Bayers, who fell half over, supportedbythe stake. Thau he took a chair at tta scratch, aad if any referee had been there h e would have had t t a fight, He was aorry aow that tabelt, but wished that b ebelt, if they refused hiss t h e original. nf hisl * * » A » i U n f l nisasai prt •more fata a aawtiaimn jockey than a pugiliet, indeed, lus love for horseflesh is well known, tells many a good story o f Macdonald s little poatos aad IBTSSBBII wagons, sad Mr. O B has already purchased a very fine horse for MacdonakTs drirtog. T t a attachment between Heenan s a d Mac- donald is very great, and is unconsciously displayed whenever they are together, and when separated they ere never tired of sounding each other's praises. Both seem to be, to truth, men to inspire and to reciprocateaffection.Soon after Macdonald'8 appearance, Capt. James Turner,to a brief speech, welcomed Heenan and hia friend to this country, amying that Heenan had reflected dignity andcredituponttacountryabroad,andthathieendorse meat was sufficient to make any maa loved hare. Heenan insisted upon Macdonald's answering for him; but being told that b e must answer for himself, he said, bashfully aad without rising, -Tm no speechmaker. Thank you. it a all very right.''withfourhorseswasprovidedforHeenan,buttadeclined performed. Aapace fifteen feetwide, running entirely aroundUMsquareonUMotfteidewalk,willbereservedto ride in such a carriage, saying that he was too demofor their use. Ko company w:i! escort them to the ground. This evening UM Zouaves will be entertained at the La- farge Bouse by Company H, Sixth rtgtamnt, Capt. Ber-to fighting Paddock ha mfightingtta pears to me that Heenan, after getting tua like,byhumbug,wishestogetsafely"will that Itap.Myaetf from hjn butaweak, a a d could g e t nothing to fight to America, but I re- ef Deaf Burke to accept it. aa I think it will be the lasttta whole diplomatic corps took part to t t a ] Tta festival of Beiram, a snople affirm, has not ted to those ifanaticism that were apprehended, a a d everything off weD aad orderly atthrough the streets.Advices frost Mantes a r e stillbeing of the 80th, a s before, ia summary of t t a aaaMMMafi eveate which took during t t a tetter week. * 'A new piston sad bottom for tta cylinder, to pteea of those which were broken as the Connaught was aboat to start for America oa Tuesday, the fifth nit., have reached Garwayfrom Newcastie-oaTyne, end there • no doubt but the vessel will ta able to leave on her first voyage across the Atlantic on toe 10th ef IOwr Vie Eendi of At Meeting toMindo—Ite fefeSMB aw GermanFiev: of a—Garibaldi and Hia Atore Jtm». amass r a sCourt of Vienna am tost the iteyt for A'aapeiatoa Cbav ceasBB)art Pat. TheaaatotogatBaden-BadenwiBresaittaplacingPrua-StoatUMheadofa sewpolitical organizationofentire Germany, which will not to favorable to the cause of Italy. Pnaaia,up totoepresentUMO,hasregardedthe line of UM Mtoeto as todtoseaaabry neeeaoary to ttase- enrttyef ttaflirataB etaatasatoatoa. IB tta deanaach of ttafid of June from the Cabinet of Bertin to tta Cabinet ofVienna,UM opinion was considerably modified, to the extent, indeed, that this line was indispensable to ttapower of Austria.The conventioa at Ilostensteto oa ttafiOthApril, 1107,is quoted to show this, and an explanation ia ateo Mad* There were tw o or three inaccuracies in our hasty re- taj this sense, that Pruasia would demand of Austriao u ttheiroriginalintentionDuringt t ad a yCompanyCapt. J. S. Morgan, are; to receive and entertain theproduce t t a most intense thirst, and thirst re- MAX ROBUSD a BAXTBB SSBMB.-»A man doing basi- the men moat capable of sustaining tta crown, are sus-sulted inUM mostintense devotion to UMgood nessinBroadway,aSdWhogavehisnameasJohnP.things which -mine host of ye wayside inn" had pro- Roes, was est upon by a gang of thieves to an alley woyvided for the social refreshment. Even females seemsd in Baxter street, into which ta had strolled oa Saturday ples has test UM favorable opportunity of retracing hishia, came thick and fast.THE BENICIA B O Y I N T H E C U T . hiordertosecureadayofquiet,itwastheintentiona person who wanted UMmoney. Morgan was locked upj»tBosswagnothareal ,butbeatthe of Heeaaa. aa we stated m the of yesterday, to. time refusedto toU what his gemremain on Staten Island all day: bat at his baggage sadhis route, tat ta made hisday at what are known as hisof Thirteenth street aadbe dined at five o clock, aad ateo appeared' t t e Maltato orfaffs a si L Toenasidetad a «\er,totte 2. Teraaw UM treasuryx the evening, but with a MSdtSty that laoom->le. A ! soon a s ta was aurrounded fey a crowd, when the party, aatartatotof that the police bad anifestotionsofcurweityon visedofU-irproceedtoga, toMMlfiata aadofftveitee betog made to restore themi, to immediately withdrew. to drear him intoceaatog UM fight; but to quietly lures it the ti to by Say- lag Stat others mast speak for him if bis actions had not already dene ao.UMdtrecttoa of the waoSto the l^toward Foulk aadaBBMBweat to pursuit, tat after several bows in a fruiUeto aearch returned to ten about midnight.A Nsw Cap, Rotm—The railroad track oa Flathush'laaed, ta BMjisiiatiie I all, and to a private a d socialtta greetings which they would fores apon htoi to a pub- 1:.way.HefiB probablyspaadto-daysotofttacity,: retired spot, where be east enjoy 'reqa'reeIt :•> LV ^ to tcsay that hji friends a2 appear delighted a:•.s•rrvs..andasitu• eusteasofttaagetogive. rr: :o <P- *h emotions with a maaw BOM pointed tt« awtuwa e t > sglasa, we believe there tenet a>s*-* »f "Msaf* M she eity who, whirver ttaaaaatef toasftonaSd adv'sw? \K. r * Jfti-n C Eetetec was yesterday inenwaaed, did not findin tta!a regard to aay ovation, be is presSM a decided objection to being toped a Botertotyto have ex a public HOB.whjchbeiaae-atade. cars were pat ta operatioa aa Batorday and runfrcm Fuitoa ferry to tta city line. Tta Mart is eventually to be extended to toe village of Itottaah. A t presentonly four caw era ram, has) the BIBBIIII stiff be tacieaaedasfaataseiiiliBistaaMa wtB warrant. She case are ef from list Jasto pay at toe rate as*saM-hah* of thattodaesB ef fete tahaa>mlliMiMB,preftoBtobeallowedto autotty( thenewpatters,lightandairy.* to thel o h s t e w t . wasaoswasda andI'Mtta osrae t f t i : sLSB- eurfe-awy wtte #*i-=5*g-Jte-was generally supposed to hte lb*AsStrEceB*;bettetm. ty•««ttebo-SBofafraThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069atUntitled Documentwarn Fkaman Pxwav,rj.r,.tatoag Mtoafe paean *!&!**Xevy aged toteateaa years.for a further hearing, and Smithby Justice Weteh oa Sle complainanttor ax-who stated b eat the National Hotel, to Greenwich atieto, con-the city in the VanderbUt, and act a a change of ' Boas was staying there, which makes the facta connected court <eat Luxembourg.riothiag had been retained by either, isbest that boththould come to New York.to tte tea o'clock boat, quietly aad without display,the party being composed only of a tow of tta most toti-with him still more mysterious.ASBACU w W a K-ws—Mas niiMWli --Officer Underhill, of the Eighth precinct, yesterday arrested PatrickGiUigan. an Irlahman, living at 106 'Thompson street, fina charge offetoBiouaaaMWat and battery on Cteae Tjaaksa,of No. 468 Broome street. Tta accused entered t t a storeof TMuken on Saturday last, aad acted to a very dtoor- derly manner, for which he was requested to leave, fie refused, and an attempt being made to eject him, he, it is alleged, drew a knife aad atabbed tteBtea to tta wri and threw a decanter at his head Justice "committed him forBrooklyn City Sews,A.voiHB* rsizaFJfcHi—The Niath wardpohce received iaformatioB on Bsturday eveateg that a prtos fight waste progress to tta neighborhood of Gates avenue and Lott'a tone. Capteto Waddy nvoSnadad to t t abe arrived the party had lied. It was ever, that the prtoetoBte fere»twe yawn DehMsy ^ j^p.^„ , . , 4 * fiwe rsewdiThis they didyrwe—Abom etevBB efeJeefc oa Saandray aight a fire was discovered ton weddetad aa tta Breatisssof Mr.Pearaall, to flawaearwhich was destroyed.adjotoiag hooee, occupied b y Augustus P. Swaa. whtoh was ilasaaparl u the extoat of aeveraJ hundred TtaIOMMfnCycowered to the Atteatc IssumTta cause ef tta ire wae not aac<rtato«dMrs VMMd.ed at tta (isatorntoa in Pi toefid net a. tta very tore age of ostoDied, a', the reeidrace cf*bte w, » Craeav.te,, P°. C., ImD tte toerstog or J'iry 3 .»aafsat, aaar WBteaghwy awwaue, The names ecaamiuktesMd to U MIt was announcedt t aeitoet u legacies or in truat for toeaaptored to relieving patriotamna whtoh•may I(fcese who are ased from forty to nttv4 'toe appointing two adawinaal Seeatott oftoe six at present in oaV* sad betog aatetoge toe dettes dawurvtog apaa toasa.a. To decide that aateara ef tte army analbybetterseftheLiirrBW'tadteigradestathe MM}.]s. tornutoteg I t a Arrlil.BhH O f, chair oi ethics and natural tew to Ita h»me, a a d appotottag a t Btoewdi aa hia ateBBsjepAaTssa^ejS awaaaw sBBaiwMBMtopI haw toI. ToostitisCKUMlevyaf tte asmaa eatalir. s. A decree prohtotttog tta lmtoisi efrtetosLattera titott ratoraao to Cocacitehtabceac«avokad,i Ik-ta. Tta anicaraal awdtes.fcZ wntild be takes en tta question of tte V< dir^At. The commuaes were to www.fultonhistory.comattaavi'.•»airetta Ladtat"u etaen 