 of about M X c for mMSltaf optoads. NEW YORK HERALD. csaers ware nuuM by syfeasrs, while SMM pares*For the first time in the history of this go- is conclusive proof that it was under republi- vernment the chief magistrate of the repub- can engineering at every step. On its finalVoluvMo.178fotthesuccessiontothePresidencypresentathem takenup arms againstthe togointotheirfund;butitappearsthat lustexactionsofabigotedkingand theyrejectedthisoffer,andrefusedtoaddJ i l i i• O K D O S• B * « K * « ,r u w m n T Bsenaxu ao Ifore going to Albany, called upon the mana-'^foVtuuinSm ~ ~ ~helped the British to conquer Canada, them to apply for and secure the passage of a Thedifferentpartiesnowinthefieldpanning Nova Scotia and New Brunswick,and similarbill,andallowthefinesandpenaltiesTHBlTBfUrO.TheVewYorklalonElectoralTicket— The Metropolis and the State.A union or copartnership electoral ticket has at length been perfected and ratified, on the part of the Douglas dentocracy, the Breckin- ridge democracy, and the Bell-Everett old line whige and Americans, admirably adapted toan- obstinate ministry. We won our to their already heavy burden that odious in-AOADEWY OF MU8I0. Fourteeat- •trtet^tituui O n BA-LISBA DI CHAxennt.KTBUy* QABDBX, Broadway.-HAMiiT. WIKTBR (JAKDM, Broadway,Straits of Belle Isle in the summer, and thus avoid Cape Race, the number with whi^h the news yacht can now come into communication is not so large; but steamers pass the Cape over five hundred times a year, half of Hhichselves. They a r e agreed upon the main issue, adtniration o f a l l Christendom. While y e t thus giving the best possible refutation to their struggling against those infantile disordersand secured the assistance of the leading re- publican members of both branches of the Le* gislature. Theirfirststep was to introduce a bill "to increase the funds In aid of the Society for the Reformation o f Juvenile Delinquents," thus attempting to make their blue law popular by increasing t h e charity funds. This bill, which, in its well guarded provisions, was no- thing more nor leas than a scheme to make aFASK—MYTeevaWinin Oi»UKBUIAA.BOWXRV THXATKK, BWWWT.-TAIHKIT-KEJV Y O M fuse all these conservative elements throughoutown doctrine, and showing the vast differencebetween theory.and practice. While they areworking division la the country at large, theyhave a thorough appreciation of the value ofunion as regards themselves. The course ofthe conservatives is the very opposite. Theych the political system of every new.go vepment must go through, we were again compelled to go to war with our parent and natural ally. It was during this last war that the British seized Detroit, and the venerable statesman who iakt the head of the State De paitment was compelled to share in theAt IT It-BOS XBTTU*—OC«A* C»ito.WAJ-LACXB THKATSI, B m 4 f V . - r u n W Wlta F<M.this great State into a solid column of irresisti-ble strength on the momentous day of the Presi- come from Europe, and most of those pringLADBA ECXMTS THIATBS, Ma. CM Bro-dwar.- AiLUX AAOOK. _____news. :M When the captains of all, the steamers,ITBW M W I B T THEA TRE. Bowery.-N*O-JUS LX^UE- LAITDAT§or Pa-ranBraalac—Joasra A M Ha Butuw-Lmao Coaioat-BBTAKT8' KTHSTBXLB, M H»n, IM Broadway.— l l i a a t w a . SOBM. DA*oaa. At FlALOM't.ble school of John A Green. James T. Brady between this port and Europe—the presswhich they swear. Y et they are divided men who surrendered under the orders ofamong themselves, and one says, " I am Generfl Hull to the British forces. Again,was passed by both branches and vetoed by the Governor ; and then came the bill which isBAUX)B, Broadway.—HoouT » BraotiAJi Boa as, Bu*i_HuaA OaaruLt'l D-jroas, A o . -have shown, whilst i t originated with the Sab- who is Douglas,' who is. Breckinridge, and who Capitol buildings, and compelled President bath Committee, been placed there as a repub-VIMUIA M a n . ________rjAirmBtrXT BTUpiO H t U , M3 Broadway.—SoaoaTRIPLE SHEET.Saw York, Friday, Octobor 5, IWW.Tl»e Rfewe.We have two days later news from Europe,is Bell, that they should' become instrumentsof discord and cot. of harmony? Instead ofuniting together on a common ticket, and afterdefeating Lincoln, settling their own differencesamicably, the conservative leaders are pullingagainst each other with more bitterness thanthey exhibit towafda the common enemy, whois united in solid column against them. Nor isit as regards candidates alone that they are di-vided—they afe divided and bewildered aboutthe issue—they either do not comprehend its "my oldest boy; one of these days, Providence that prompted the Puritans of New England to nature,ortheydon'twanttounderstandit,and permitting, hewill beKing of England. He persecutepeaceableQuakers. TheQuakersof '•none are so blind as those who will not see." comes to have a look at your country, to pick the present day are the quiet and inoffensive Theyarelikemengropinginthedark,orwithupalittleinformationaboutyou,andtoletGermans,whoserotestheyareverymuchex-Financial and commercial affairs remained about a s previously reported.How different is the course of the republi- cans. Theyhave,boldlypresentedtheirissueto or less, from that day to this; and w e think, miles of telegraphic lines at present in the country, and they have but one voice upon i t therefore, that a bettor basis for a democratic America than in the whole rest of the world. Lincoln and Seward, and Wilson and Wade, andVenezuela, to the 19th alt. Gen. Paez had been hardly be devised. The representatives of the appointed Venezuelan Minister Plenipotentiary at old line whfgs and Americans on the ticket areWashington. The Spanish Minister had demanded the men of their own choosing, so that on their and received his passports, and sailed for St.Thomas. It is affirmed that Spain, under the pre. side the happiest accord exists. It will not be text of seeking satisfaction for injuries to certain of their fault if the vote of the State is not given her subjects, seeks the reconqaest of Venezuela, against Lincoln by from thirty to fifty thousand and that the withdrawal of her Minister is but the majority. Last year the democratic and Ame- preludetoanattempttorecoverherancient ricancoalitionupontheSecretaryofStatewas American possessions. successful against the republicans, notwith-The overland pony express, which left San standing there was a force of sixty thousandFrancisco on the » d nit., has arrived at St. voters opposed to the republican party who Joseph, Mo. The Uncle Sam sailed on the 21st ult did not come to the polls. This year everygraph business there, particularly in submarine one ticket. These chiefs airdeclare war against on good terms with the other Powers. ing of the Court of Oyer and Terminer, JudgeWe recognise in the United States another Ingra-ttm offers some judicious and instructivegreat Power, likewise free, and happily comments on the act patted last winter by thefar removed from the influence of despotic Legislature of this State to altering the law re-governments. W e like to know that we have lating to capital punishment as almost to ran-your moral aid; physically we can take care of der an execution for murder "impracticable." ourselves. Then we trade a great deal together, One of the republican journals of this city na-andthatisanotherbondtoknitustogetherin turailydefendstheoffspringofitsparty,and friendship." assails Judge Ingraham for presunung to com- That is what the Prince of Wales' visit ment upon it, the province of a judge beingforsooth to interpret and administer laws, andNEWYORK HERALD, F B D > | Y , OCTOBER5, 1860.-TRIPLHwas less buoyantforCOSUBOB grades, while good qualities OFB-SSa.0ABBFVLtOMST3.0*otherfciaaswerearmThetaleshereandtoarrive,onEuropeoffCapeRace,thusgettingtheintelll Thereare,ofcourse,honorableexceptionstoof (Wales, after a triumphal tour through her Majesty's North American province!, and a noseven democrats favored the bill, whilst nioe- tecn opposed i trooBMMsrqxpaffCM.•w tawa 1PW» • • »vious day, but exhibited more traumas at the close. This will benefit our merchants, the pipers. Among the esgage-Mats were 80,CM a 90,080 baaheis wheat,tobulk,atltd.a12\d,andubagiat12>*'<».,andthecommunitygenerally. Bythisar- and 9,000 bbls.flonrat Ss. 3d , with 200 balea of cotton rangement w e shall b e i n a a|7-Wd;toLondon1,000boxescheese,at60s.,wtthsomeobtainintelligenceoffCapeRacefrontevery wheatonprivatetense.dential election. This coalition ticket has alsobeen ratified by the administration at Washing-ton—a ratification which will speedily oblite-rate the factious opposition of the few outstand- themselves to the news boat at Capewhether going out or coming home, ieport •Ajunnra AMXRICAN i n n , Broadway.—Day u i ing Breckinridge politicians of the impractica- Race—which is a kind of half way lookoutprofess tofightunder the banner of the Union,and the constitution is the political gospel by bumiliition experienced by the officers and monopoly of the Sunday amusement business,and Gideon J. Tucker.The electors at large upon this union ticket, Greene G. Bronson and Heman J. Redfield, pre- sent an encouraging example of democratic re- union and hanhony. It Will be rememberedthat in 1653, Judge Bronson, hard shell, was ap- pointed Collector of this port by poor Pierce; that soon after this the soft shells complained that they were excluded from their share of the spoils of the Custom House; that Secretary (> nth- rie instructed Bronson to give the softs a sop inintend to furnish despatch bags for the con- venience of our merchants and the friends of the passengers on board the steamers, in con- nection with the regular news bags, by which means information will be conveyed b graphtothepress,and thencetoeverythe country, far in advance of thearri' the steamers. T h e advantage o f this will be observed at once. It will b people within eix^days* ot Europe, a place in their hands intelligence of oufor Douglas," another, "I am for Breck- fortysix jears ago,theBritishinvaledWash- nowuponourstatutebooks, which has,as we, in|ton| burned the executive mansion and the inridge, • and a] third, " I am for Bell." B u tthe pan, at the peril of his head; that Bronson steamers after one-third of their voyage ; | pef-poolonthe24thandQueenstown onthe27thult., inguphiscause,hoistedtheflagofBronsonand throughout thecountry,for thenewstipsob-refused to bow down to Guthrie, and was con-scriptive, anoTcarry wish them the same spiritformed. Moreover, it will inure greasy to brought by the City of Baltimore, which left Liver- sequently decapitated; that the hard shells, tak- the benefit of all the other telegraph linesrebellion, and that in our ensuing* November election they carried off one half the demo- cratic vote of the State, against the soft shell free soil spoils policy of poor Pierces adminis- tration.The elements of that split have distracted is making more rapid strides in thhr coun- anddividedthedemocracyoftheState,more trythan anywhere else. We have moreThe October meeting of the American Geo-graphical and Historical Society took place lastevening, but the attendance was so small that thereadingofaninterestingpaperonSyriaandthere- mentsofspecietotheamountofU,Ki&.ooo-of prisecommentsupontheseevents. /_ nowned Druses, by Dr. Jos. P. Thompson, was post- which 11,040,000 were for New York—had beenponed till the 25th; inst. ^Frandaco for Panama on the 21st This is gra- the United States against Messrs. Georgo Law and tifying news in presence of the fact that the Conover. the sureties of Isaac V. Fowler.late Posf produce of the mines this year had fallen be-To this point the telegraphic a s d newsp enterprise of the day is rapidly tending.Presidett and Vice President from the South, and nominated them upon a purely sectional issue, to theeffectthattheywereopposedtofreelaborin the Territories and! at the North, and wouldparty creed.That it was a bantling of that party is like- wise conclusive^ shown from the tact that, during all the time that it was at the mercy ofIn the United States District Court, in the suit oflaidonthetable.Atag-amountofarrival of the pony express we learn that ship- globe the day before, and its editorials will I,all representatives ef States north of Mason and but was put through the Legislature upon the Dixon'sline,andselectedtheftcandidatesfi>r groundofitsbeingapartandparceloftheirmade by the Uncle Sam, which sailed from San\••-••••iM""•'. 'Telegraphic and Wawopaper EnVttprise pudlate the rural pram ween claimingto represent the mind and intelligence of theta*«a far extort. Hear wee Ism •usfesl end eetiws,aad UMprices for ttaiwss and medium trades favored weeks past a newt beat of the press haf board- stitution, the mode in which it is managed, and lic hsS received at the executive mansion a passage in the House, sixty one republicansIt may bare been observed that illcountry. It gives a graphic sketch of its con-pm-ohsstm. wall* extern gradse were sscihssfsd. WBtat ed nearly half the steamers arrivin ' from the description of amen who are at its head.rotal guest, an heir to a throne. The Prince voted for and only six against it, and onlyspeculatioaaadforexport,werelarge.Comwasarm,gracetomedaysinadvanceoftheirartivalit thecharacteristic*attributedtoitbythewriter; wtofairta.eaatTOcforgoodWesternmixed,tostoretport.Duringtheyearthenewsyachthisbeenbuttheyare,unfortunately,toofewtorelieveleesagreeable,thoughsomewhatmorerapid, ThesecrethistoryofthisbillIsaltoproofofand €?S'c a 70J do., afieat. Pork was steadjr, with eaabled to intercept tome thirty or fort^tteam- the picture of its generally dark and forbidding run over the Western States, finds himself com- its joint republican and blue stocking parent- SaiMtfa«o_M*BSlH»ll>i'aSIS25,andofnewprimeers,butinfutureweshallbeabletodi<much aspeets. 80longasthecountrypapersare fortablydomiciledatthefederalmetropolis age. ItwassiredbythesanctimoniousSabba-atsu60atit6.S. Baffarswereataady,wttn betterthanthat Thepress hasno* en-thusconducted,itisobviousthattherecanbe sales of TOO a 800 abds. sad about TOO nests,at nits glvta in another column. Coffee was Ann. The tered into new and extensive arrangements no sympathies, professional or otherwise, be- feature of toe day was too public sale of 2,2S0 with the Newfoundland Telegraph Com- tween their editors and those who have the in- bagsSantosatW?ie.aU:5»'o.-average14-Wc.Freights pany, bywhich we shall be enabHdIn dependenceand,respectabilityoftheAmerican opened at about the currant rates of the pre- get more news«than ever over the line. press at heart.leguestofthenation. tarianCommittee,broughtforthbytheblackand which was intercepted off St. Johns yesterday afternoon.Italian affairs had undergone bat little change. The bombardment of Ancoaa by the Sardinians was going on both by sea and land, and VictorEmanuel's troops continued their advance into the interior. Garibaldi's forces were preparing to attack the Neapolitans near Valtnrno.port yesterday, we have newsfromPorto Cabello, Kedfield on the same electoral ticket could that considerable activity exists in the tele- all harp upon the same string, and all go for liberal principles, and at the same time to keep In his address to the Grand Jury at tits open-tained will of course be despatched far anil near alongthewires. mThe telegraph system is progressing se won- derfully everywhere that this may in ifet b e called the great telegraphic era; wit ityou know that w e desire t o live on the best ercised about a t the next election. L e t thatterms with you. We are placed in a very diffi class of our Inhabitants weigh the subject well cult position. All the great Continental Powers before they decide to throw themselves into theare more or less despotic in their forms of gov- embrace of the party that seeks to force every-ernment' ItIsourpride,andalwayswillbe bodytobreathe,think,actandeatbylegisla- the boast of Englishmen, that our toll is free, tive enactments.that Albion is a sanctuary for the oppressed ofBy the arrival of the brig T. B. Watson at this reunion than the association of Bronson and We perceive by late news from Europe Adams and Sumner, and Giddings and Greeley,. all nations, and so we have to stand up for Lleease to Murder l a Halines—four new cables having been ! ^suc-cessfully laid in the Mediterranean, | tweenValencia and the islands of Ivica, Majol Ja and tion to carry on the war till they have achieved Minorca, and thence to Barcelona. D* p sea the "ultimate extinction" of the institution. cables, it is true, have not worked wef so far, They will do it by moral force if they can, but and it would appear from an article wf ch w e by physical force if they must. They will publishfromtheLondonChronicleto-cjy,thatendeavor toabolishitbytheoperation submarine telegraphs have proved a u tversalfailure; but this is not strictly corrjk; forsome of the cables laid in moderate d«* tths ofmeans, and so it is taken, apparently, by the forPanama,with204psssengersand,$1,130,000inmanofthisreservedforcewillcomeforward,waterintheMediterraneanandacrastheNorthernrepublicans,witharmsintheirhands,President,whoreceiveshisroyalguestwithnottoanimadvertuponthem.treasure,ofwhich$1,040,000wasshippedforNewand,withproperactivitytosecureit,thiswholeStraitsofDoverhavebeensuccessful,andwillmarchontheSouth. justsufficientceremonytoshowthattheimport- Thelawtoquestion,however,seemstobidYork. Business at Saa Francisco had revived con- to have tome of the submarine lines in this This is the plain and simple issue of the re- ance of his'visit is fully recognized. The defiance either to judicial Interpretation or ad-siderably,andtheimprovementwasattributedto forcemaybeaddedtotheunionvoteof1$50, country. Telegraphicenterprise,how*ver,is publicans,andit£9metbythechampionsof younggratientanisnotboredwithformalities ministration. TosaythatajudgeIsnotto legitimatecauses.ThegeneralnewsfromCali- togetherwiththousandsofFremontdemocrats nottoberepressedbyafewmomentary conservatismwithapoliticaljargonandagib- orannoyedwithsetspeeches.Mr.Buchanan commentuponalaw,andparticularlysuchafornia it unimportsnt. devoted to popular sovereignty. failures. In the United States it has received berish which none but office holders or office meets Lord Renfrew at the door of the White law as this, is a novel doctrine, and about atAswillbeseenuponreferringtothemoney Therepublicanshavetheirwellgrounded anextraordinarystimulusbythecontraitjust seekersunderstand,andwhichisutterlyunin- House,takeshimtothedrawingroom,wheretheabsurdastosaythatithithebusinessofaphy- article in to-day's paper, there was great excite- fears of the popular vote of this city and its sur- made between the Secretary of the Treasury sician to administer dangerous medicine andment among the bulls and bears of Wall street roundings. They have been using every exer- telligible to the people.' The speeches of the ladies await him, and after the customary ante- not to comment upon its effects. If a judgeyesterday,andafurtherheavydeclineinthetionandeverydevice;theyhavebeenlavishandSibley&Co.,torunalinetothePacific.conservativeoratorscanonlybecomparedtoprandialchattherecomesadinnerenfanMe,hasnottherighttoofferanopinionabouttheprices of ail speculative securities at the Stock Exchange. It is predicted, however, that the existing prostration in financial affairs will not be of long continuance.The Prince of Wales had a long day of it in Washington yesterday. First, in company with a large party, he visited the Capitol, and took a hasty view of the objects of interest there. Atnoon the President held a levee, and the ExecutiveMansion was thronged with visiters, the Presidentof their money, and their meetings and orators, which, when completed, will bind the whole the confusion of tongues at Babel. They are and an evening spent in pleasant conversation. effect of a statute, we should like to know whoto make an impression upon this stronghold of continent in atelegraphicchain. Whence Pa- raising senseless personal issues with each The Prince and his suite meet at Washingtoncific telegraph it in operation, and the Sine to other, and side issues which are of no manner ladies and gentlemen who have been familiar has. It is peculiarly the province of the judges,Northern conservatism. Their famous torch- the Straits of Belle Isle constructed, ij§' shall of importance, while they ignore the great with the atmosphere of courts, and who are who are supposed to know the laws, to pointlight Wide Awake procession the other eve- have a continuous communication from Bella question which is forced upon the country. It au fait to lall those petits solxs which out the bearing of any new criminal statute, ning, made up one-half of reinforcements from Isle and St. Johns at . the north, to in order that the people may folly understand our rural districts and from other States, was New Orleans at the south, and San Fran- is a sectional issue, set forth by a sec- go to matte up what is called good its operation and determine whether ita desperate effort to make capital in behalf of tional party—an issue to destroy the domes- breeding. There is no greater nuisanceLincoln in this community; but the experiment cisco at the west It only remains! then, tic institutions of the South by the fede- in the world than your vulgar good natured ought to be retained or repealed. If therewas a failure. We had been promised a parade for the Atlantic telegraph to be put inral power, and, a party "situate, lying and man, and we apprehend that the Prince and his is any bungling in a new law which renders it-being" wholly in one section of the party have encountered more than one of the self contradictory, or makes it conflict with eountry—a party which, in its nominating breed, both in the Canadas and the West But other laws, it is undoubtedly the duty of ajudge who is called upon to administer it toConvention at Chicago, contemptuously over- that is all over. The perfectly managed receplooked fifteen States, from none of which It had tion by the President sets everything straight, point out the error, that it may be rectified by any representatives, and disregarded their inte- and puts the Prince and his party quite at their the next Legislature. The attack o n Judge restsandopinionsatiftheywereconqueredease.TheyhavebeenreceivedbyoneoftheIngrahamis,therefore,whollyuncalledfor, colonies or provinces, Instead of co-equal old school gentlemen, in the simplest and plea- especially as this statute is of such doubtful inconducting the ceremony of introducing thePrince. of thirty, forty, and even fifty thousand Wide order to connect the whole glebe. AThe royal party then visited the Patent Office, and Awakes; the people expected at least thirty regard to the success of submarine teliexaminedthevariousworksonexhibition. Subse- it may be said that there were reaijquently, in company with Miss Lane, the Prince thousand; but when the reality cut down the three points to be decided, two o:npent a couple of hours at Miss Smith's institute for number to ten thousand, there was a universal have been determined favorably. First,young ladies, where he indulged in a game of ten- disappointment, and a very general conclusion ticability of laying a cable successfulpins.IntheeveningthePresidententertainedthethattherepublicansareexaggeratingtheir alongdistance;thathasbeendonediplomatic corps and a large party at dinner, and strength in mere important matters. We dare bed of the Atlantic. The second wasBlissLaneheldareception.Thedayclosedwithsay,too,thatthevisitingWideAwakesfromcitytosendacurrentthrough,and States.ThistimethenominationofthePresi-santestway,andwetrustthattheexampleofterpretution,insomeimportantpoints,that*lta brillisnt display offireworksin honor of the other places have returned home with anything Prince. but encouraging remembrances o f their N e walso been done. The third point, whiehdent fairly belonged to the South, since for the the President Will be imitated in all our cities has already involved the administration of cri-The usual monthly meeting of the Chamber ofundetermined, is whether the insulation York parade; for, except at the republican sta- made so perfect at to preserve a coat!last two terms and a half Northern men have oc- which the Prince visits hereafter. L et all thecupied the chair of the White House. Contrary committeemen, Mayors and what not, avoid some districts of the State persons now under to former usage, the republican party have not making a fust, See to the police arrangements conviction for murder, and subjected to a ten*Commerce was hell yesterday. The principal tions along the route, the countless multitude Bubject under consideration was a draft ofa memo- of spectators were as silent and solemn as atrialtoCongressinregardtoprovidingadditionalfacilities for the transportation of the mails be Bill Poole's funeral.sweeu China and our Pacific ports. A full report From this, among other recent manifestations genius of the age. Some tttofe of insuf ktion their own sectton-r-the North—which is a depart- rememberirg t utter simplicity it the test of tenced, because the judges are'ln doubt at to of the proceedings of the Chamber is given in of public sentiment here, we have no hesitation will be discovered whereby the consume ftiott ure from all precedent. The party, their candi- good manners, old making a fuss. what sentence ought to be pronounced uponanothercolumn. Mr.W.8.Lindsay,M.P.,who insayingthatontheimportantdayofNovem- ofsubmaiinetelegraph!canbeeffected.j*For datesandtheirissue,therefore,areWhollysec- them." arrivedinthisdryyesterday,wasinvitedtomeet bertheEmpireCity,inbehalfofthisunion thepastthreeyears,sincethefailureoft|#At- tional:andbytheirdeliberateact,asfaras TheSundayLegislationofLestWinter— Surelyitwashightimeforsomejudgetothe members of the Chamber of Commerce at such electoral ticket against the black republicans, lantic cable, we have received at this offioifnot they are concerrteia, they have virtually severed The Black Repabliiana Responsible. t TDOSC this bungling actj and he deserves well of time as may suit his convenience.A meeting of the stockholders and creditors of will do her duty. It would not surprise us if less than five hundred communications su$ie3t- the TJnion into two halves. They have severed We publish elsewhere in to-day's HEBALD a the co^nmunlty for having done so. The Judgethe Artisans' Bank was held yesterday in the bank this union ticket should cross the Spuyten Duy• ing new modes of insulation, and there ar^pep- it just as much as the Methodist Church is se- copy of the Sunday law passed by the last takes the (Opportunity, in this connection, to parlor, when the affairs of the bank were discussed, vil creek, at the head of this island, full sixty haps fully five thousand minds at work "ipon vered. Had all the Christian denominations black republican Legislature, together withe mention the significant and suggestive fact thataadaresolutionwasagreedupontoappointare-thousandinadvanceoftheticketofLincoln. thesubject. Welookforward,then,taj-the Northcomet$thesameconclusionastheMe- historyofitspassagetakenfromtheofficial sincethelawcameIntooperationcrimehasOf something of this tort the republicans are accomplishment of a perfect insulation wasdesignated,andthatgentlemanaskedfortimeevidentlyapprehensive,andhencetheirindus- distantday,andtheconsequentsuccesstoconsider,inconsequenceofWhichthemeeting trious efforts tomakealodgmentinthis con- telegraphlineacrosstheAtlantic. k was adjourned to nine o'clock this morning, when servative citadel of the North. But with thethodist Church North, there would not be new journal, and a list of the yeas and nays, with fearfully increased, and since the ^ t of May eventheshadowOfafederalUnion;anddidthepoliticalaffiliation?ofthosevotingforandthemurdersInthbcityamounttothirty.Itceiver. Mr. Augustine Smith, of the Nassau Bank,It is expected Mr. Smith will accept. The pro- metropolis all right, let our conservative politi- ceedings in the Supreme Court with reference to cal managers look to the interior, and the Em-is no wonder they would Increase under an act same sentiments as the republicans, the Union attention of our leaders. The Tribune Is trying which might justly be entitled "An act to in-the current under ike immense pwater. Butwecanhardlydoubtth&this onlyselectedtheircandidateforPresident,butbeforehand, av d long orations -this to the tence of death, whichj termerly would haveTHB RCRAL PRE33 AND ITS CoxDicToits.—irnematter, a commission has been issued to take the hind that of the last by about $0,000,000. If the strictures that w e have felt called upon to never rest contented till they had planted the the lawmakers, it was watched over, night andtestimonyofMr.Fowler.OnWednesdayJadgeamountofthepresentshipmentsbemaintained,makefromtimetotimeonthetoneandtemperslave-Institutionin]everyNorthernState,andiettt, 00 the application of Mr. W. H. Robinson, at there is every reason to believe it will, we of the country press have made us some bitter abolished by law, or by force of arms if neces- solicitor for the defendants, and Judge Roosevelt sary, the labor of free white men, as degrading CartedStatesDistrict Attorney,appointed James shallsoon again reach the aggregate of the enemies amongst provincial editors. In ex-oommitteet to whom it was referred were com- posed of at least two republicans to one demo-Legislature is not to prevent crime, but to plunder the people.The republican organ which apologises for erboleaveetodayintheQuakerCityforHavana, note,thatwhilsttheyieldoftheCalifornia havebeenaccusedofawantofespritduoo$>s, menonthisissue,howlongwouldtheUnion pointedtogive,itthelastfinishingstroke thisatrociousenactment,andassailsJudge where it is ,u*er*ood *-. -.„,,_ k u ^ ^ mines exhibits this recuperative tendency, that just as if we were bound to adopt all fae last!. But, mutatis mutandis, this is just what consisted of four republicans and one demo Ingraham for bis exposure of its consequences. ofA*i«__«-A<ai,JWtnieettast Q J ^ of Australia continues steadily on the decline. scamps that intrude themselves into an the republican party are doing as regards the oral—-the latter being a person whose ante pretends that it is not calculated to increase From recent statistics the falling off there would honorable profession. Those who feel to sensi- South and Its mode Of labor. cedents were a guarantee that he would be crime, inasmuch at the crinunals are Ignorant•MJowidlmeolasteve-tag,Mr. indicatethattheonewasbecomingexhausted, tiveastoourremarkshavethemselvestobltne Yetinviewofthepositionofthisformida- certaintofavor.theMIL Greatcarewastaken Ofitsprovisions. HowveryInnocentthe »resolutiondirectingthe andthatnnleesfreshdiscoveriesweremade fortheirseverity. Iftheychoosetodegi_fte blesectionalparty,organizedonaprincipleof in theselection of this committeenot criminalsare!Howignorantofwhattheirw.i»*%»*fcq.,to execute the commission, and most prosperous years. It is a ihct worthy of posing their shortcomings and deficlencieelwe to the Caucasian race? If they elected their crat, and the select committee specially ap-1 the reception of the Japan the supplies of gold from that quarter would themselves and their sheets by the loosensoon become insignificant. their personal habits and their political prj adisunion, the conservative leaders, instead of to allow n democratic member from legislative friends do at Albany I If cris-inala,ofThus,whilstweareblessedwithabundant gacy,itisnofaultofours.Wecan otuniting and combining to put it down, are wranglingwitheachother,andnotoneoftobeaffected,aplaceonthecommittee,wheresufficientinfluencetoprocurepardonsfrom'routine bmhla the Genera] Sessions yesterday Recorder pace with the other gifts with which Providence that their papers belong tof the classificationthem is statesman enough to rise to the heightof the great argument which affects the vary person from the rural districts, who knew no- get laws patted for their benefit and protec-iexistence of the nation. Their reckless, selfish thing of the wants of the inhabitants of thisneaa was transacted.Barnard sentenced Thomas J. Muaday to the so lavishly endows us. If the politicians would whfch the metropolitan journals constituteharveete, the yield of the precious metals keeps acknowledge such men as confreres, or ad; litthey could speak for their constituents: but a Governors, they have also influence enough toUntitled DocumentT h eD i s a i strewnC a r e e rLenders*Scales o n their eyes, whose vision i s s o indis- tinct that men beside them appear only "as trees walking."negro slavery in the Slates as well at in theTerritories, and they proclaim their determina-Of the courts of law, with judges of their own choosing to interpret the constitution, andifthatisnotsufficient,thenthe millionsof*art'io f \steameroutwardandinwardboundthaipasses thatpointAtpresentnolessthanfivehun-curiousanomaly. Theblackrepublicans,dred and eighty-six times in the year steamers whose object is a revolution, from which a dis-pass between this country and Europe; but i t union of the States must inevitably follow, are cause, end then proceeded to build up this cumbrance. Failing with the Police Commis- the Canadian line of vessels go through the nevertheless thoroughly united among them- naiionfwhich compels at once the wonder and sioners, the committee, potted off to Albanydifficulty will yet be overcome by the inv» utive their candidate for Vice President also from solid men of B ton especially—and above all, been Imposed upon* them, are now left nnsen-would be formally dismembered before tne to shirk the responsibility of the enactment of crease crime and license murder." It is onlylapse of one month. thar law, and would have their German asso- of a piece with all the State legislation of the yesterday; bat at aa early stage a postponement of pire State in November may save the day, even years hence between every continent and ev^ery What would the people of the North say of a ciates, whose votes they desire for Lincoln, be- republican party. Their temperance laws tiecasewasagreedto,pendingtheactionoftheshouldPennsylvaniafallshortofherdutyin inhabitedislandintheknownworld,anl;i/iepartyattheSouth,numericallythestrongestlievethatthebfllinquestionisnotmrepubli-haveincreasedintemperance,theirSunday meetingofstockholdersalludedtoabove October. neicscolumnsofeachday'sHERALDictfR£e»initsfifteenStates,!whichheldaConventionatcanmeasure;butaperusalofthestatement,lawsgenerateviceandimpiety,andtheirtink-contain nothing but telegraphic accounts q^lhe printed elsewher|, must convince any person ering with the law of capital punishment Is now Natchez to nominate a national President toYrjxn OF THE CALIFOR-VW. Mi.NE3.—By the evenls which transpire in every quarter t$WM preside over the wijole Union, and yet excluded that it Is not only a black republican offspring, swelling the catalogue of crime.the appointment of a receiver were continuedWhen this shall be attained an unbri communication will be established inallotherpoliticalpartiesintheNorthholdfie against the.bill,!towhich wecallthespecialt-.SHEET.VIM Prince and the President.-J *'•Madison to fly to Georgetown.Happily, the present British invasion i s o flican measure.As this law directly affects the German popu- lation, and deprives them o f many of the pri- Our ancient enemy sends her firstborn vileges which they have heretofore enjoyed, itapleasant*r character than that o f 1 8 1 4 .son as a hostage of amity, ofpeace and of fidelity. John Bull, Jr., dropsIn upon Brother Jonathan in a pleasant, agreeabte, chatty sort of way, quite in accordancewith the Queen's letter to her "good friend" of evidence that the party is by nature pre- the President I send you, says her Majesty,The act was probably passed deliberately and purposely in the Interest of criminals—a class of men who manage the primary elections, and for a consideration give the nominations to can- didates for the Assembly snd the Senate. When the newly-fledged legislators get into the Capi- tol they think they cannot do less than protectday, by leadicg republicans. The several their benefactors. Their object In going to thethis city, who represented the. interests of the deepest dye in this city have always had,republicans from the city of New York.visit of the heir apparent recallsinteresting souvenirs. When the last choice spirits of the party in the Legislatureto theEnglishthrone visited North untilitwasabletostandalone. TheSabbath the issue between the provinces Committee, with whom thu bill originated, be-thedecided. Our gallantmother country h a dscarcelyforefathers gers of our police and endeavored to penmadtrepublicans, and dressed and nursed by theis not to be wondered at that the leaders of the PuritanicalMack republican party are denying its parentage. The facts are, however, against them, and this is but one link in the long chainminal justice i n a difficulty s o great that i n penitentiary for four months, he having pleaded guilty to an a&iault npon Lacy Allen.only leave the country to work out peacefully its own destinies there would be no limits toleading types.In Oflmnnn f> lAsfiAHThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comconduct recals Nero fiddling while Rome was burning; and If they only persist in their follytion. By the recent act murderers are not ro- city, was taken aa the democratic member, and be executed for o n e year after conviction.«. V•__• 1--a A*'_ a-* ad - Wat the same time two republican members fromDuring that time how many chances of escapa 