 WHOLE NO. miGaiPHcMORNING EDITlON-iFRIDA Y , AUGUST 10, 1860.PRICE TWOCENTS.paNf4HayHenTHE NEW YORK HEKALD.8737.iFftlSE.taswaHtnUrUM ft! the Jwnta^nev|jthere were other reasons and argtmasats outside or aare commercial matters, which are not ijeceasary to be dis- c jsed at this lima.At present it was diftkutt 10 lattle definitively the exact union of tbe two lass tm the terms upon which ft onion could be effected. Sea. Cbefl- k.n wished for mere time aad a more perfect knowledge cf tbe diffieultles which lay in tbe path of the proposed telegraph, without in the least wishing to discourage tbe i It imate tatoa of Russia with Ameriea. The right ae"- eorded to Mr. Collins by the imperial government to sur-vey tbe route, while Gen. Cbeffkis. with als corps of engi- neers to building and nurveying tbe line to the shores of tbe Pacific, will tend much to basten tbe completion of tbe Kasan Amoor line, t>ecaase it settles in tbe Russian mind tbe conviction of the feasibility and final constroe-HEWS FH0M THE PACIFIC. tvyvvviA. f */VV VVS/'i.. "wArrival at taa Owtrtatad Ferny Interesting from Ca11forula. Japan, the Amoor River, Oregon aad British Co-lumbia.ST. JoesTH, Mo., August 9,1MB The pony express with California news to July 28, reached here si two o'clock A. MSAJI FsAsaaca, July 28,1860.Sailed 28th, ship Enterprize, for Callao.Later from Ilaytl.OCR PORT AC I'RntCE CORRESPONDENCE.PORT AO Parses, July 24,1*60Return of Pretidtnt Qtfrard frum Iht T\n.r—Grand Re- «*#©»—Onjecf of the Tour—Enthusiasm E>xty»Ure--Ex- Minitttr PropkHc—Slight Improteneni in Bininest—J^cCbning € b / « e Crop—Present Quotations- The Jfcrtef—lteaotuii en f*e Government-fluMinisters to France ant England, At-, 4A.His Excellency the President has just returned from thePolitical lntelllftresacv.Taa S u v s Tiui>a—An association '-ailed the Congo Club hat been organized at Port Gibson. Mississippi, to lake measures for the encouragement of tbs slave trade. A DOUGLAS BATTKKY Snx^nai —The 8outh»aenern JrVnw, published at Americus, G a , which came out for Douglas ft few numbers back, has been bought out by the Breck- inridge men and mountedt with guns suitable for tbecause of their chief.T axthroughout the; country are divided in their preferences on the Presidential candidates as follows —ADIMTIOV ALF R O ME U R O P E .atr CoU-x.1LittfurO-OMWATSOS 0*nC*»«U.Alter ob***.ug thischarter Mr. Collins proceeded Co M Peterahirg to enl.st the Russian government in flavor of it* pr< *c% He bad two object In view. The Bret waa to *suc« the Russian govenuaepf to engage on iu own ac oouot >n the construction of tb«f proponed line BO tar an it waa to extend thrtugh its own {territory; and the second wan, .1 he could tot sutxeed in that, to obtain the impsrfcJantbor nation to construct the 1 ine oo private accountapplication will be made toCongress at its next session toorder a thorough surrey of tbe North Pacific, includingthe ssss of Bearing and Kamsciiatka up to tbe Straitstogether wltb a thorough inspection of all the coasts and firmer- Spirits turpentine 77uc. Wines snd teas dull(that a :harter to a private company for the building of ite •LI re Iue The Russian! government did, however, determine to extend us telegtaph system eastwardly from Mi* uw until the const or the) Pacific be reached, and ac-ciently recovered to fire on the "prisoner, when he fled. The wounded man was able to walk to Sacramento and }.ive the alarm ; but he died the same night. The county sixtce bas been overrun by armed men searching for the es-sping desperado, but thus far without finding anyout against the rail splitter.Funeral of CoJon« I James K. Ky an.The funeral of Colonell James R. Ryan, formerly Com-mander of the Sixty ninjlh regiment, took place ye?^r-day afternoon, from h.3 late residence, No. 100 Leonardf-treet, where his remaini during the day were visited bya large number of his friends and relatives. Tbe coftiucontaining the body wa^ of rosewood, ornamented withsilver nails, and on either side were three handsomelycarved silver handle*. Tjhe plate bore the following sim- ple inscription:—p<sed route from the Amoor on towards San Iraat.se©, so :ar as tse Russian pcssessionS are concerned.Porte to the said proposals will be negative.Our Sy/xmcnse Correspondence. SYBArraa, August 8,1660.The End fftie Bre>Janridge Coneentian-lllx T^kti—y.4 u> be Cheated Again, d:The Convention ftdjourned to day, at half past oro o'clock, with much enthusiastic demonstration. But lit- tle has occurred to mar the harmony of tbe proceedings. Good candidates, as a general thing, have been selected for the electoral and State tickets; and, as a whole, the Breckinridge party have made a beginning which, ir per-severed in, will ultimately terminate in eucMSs. The policy or inviting a union with the diiUereat conservative elements of the State, for the purpose or defeating Lin- coln, was much discussed, but all agreed m pronouncinglic will terminals its arduous labors for this year, thereremaining yet undecided the only two measures of impor-tance with which it was occupied during this session,namely: the amnesty, and the treat) of territorial ex- mr.Dd of Colonel Cor-orfti:,* marched to the hou^e. where ucirn in this city last fall: that he thou change with Bran!. It is true that this latter may beIn emiog to this conclusion, allboagh it does not conicrm exactly to Mr. Collins' rfan. it hastens the accomgradually extending its telegraphic lines south and east, until, as we have slated in the i^ginnicg of this article, tbe great Pastern line, wh ch may be designated the Kt-uccessirg chuge of the prisoner while bringing him over the mountains.News from South America. ^Translated from the correspondence of the Correio Mer-p.iXBHCt of his original idea, vU, the telegraphic unionThe Pony express, with St. Joseph dates to the 15th oro ern provkces ci China, ind Sad a Urge trade w:t!i:hcraWrartrsFciir commissioned ^dra|wn by pb:m \ Four commissionedrJa *Arrival of the Bmropa at Boston—lnte- i'stinf Wears from Sicily—The Kngace- aneata BeSare AJelaxxo — Dcfhnt of txte Ne*P*,l*«»*->r»i« Syrian ii«estlon. «Vc.,Bossos, August 9,16eX>. The steamship Europe, from Uverpool, via Haidax, ar- rived at this port about six o'clock this evening. Hermails will hs das in New Tork tomorrow afternoonThe following despatches appear in the latest papers1er Europe.THE WARINSICILY.J'AiiRMO, via Genoa, July 24,1880.In the engagements before Melaxao, on the loth and 17th inst., the Neapolitans had 68t men put hurt ducombatGaribaldi attacked the town of Metaxno on tbe 20tUinst. with the bayonet, and after a desperate combat the Neapolitans withdrew to the citadel >The statement that the whole of Sicili had been cvs- cuated by tbe Neapolitan troops is premature. Mess.ua is still held by tbe Neapolitans.GxTOA,July27,l««). News has been received here that the Gari jaldiana suf- fered great losses in the engagement near Meiayro. It was asserted that caribaldi himself was wounded iu tbeA vcop* 't years ago, Mr. Perry Mc*> Co»ia», ft aalivetf th« ?ta*e, w U U d be:ome » eitaen of California, sadwnehadsp'-aetwoor three years ea United states Cona-a e r c a l Agent in the Amoor ecu iti7> conceived the idea ofefte-nttting ft grand system o< telegraphic communics-IKJO between R-aaeta awl the Tjaaed States by way offcUip StrartS; aad oo hie refireeeatations ft company ment tsing the* extended to tbe great project, it ts now | as are absolutely required. Candles are worthHcasion6 ailww uiuil waAer the title of thf Tr.:.csmuadaae Telegraph Ceaanaty This company was iA (May, 1140, incorporated wy an act of tie Canadian Parliament, its corporators Seng ** *»**,rK* Sunpsea, Hem Lewis T. Drummond, Bon. Jtfcn R»» " d AtioAe lH*ron, Briton subjects, andproposed that the American government will also lend its 10c. ft 20a, without marked movements, Hard•id towards consummating it. We understand that sn coal stiff at BI3 60 ft «14, with limited de to tbe country. His object waa to enforce upon theGovnwoR CRASS'I S*n->jm(; Tors.—Governor Chase is to make a short visit to Michigan during tbe present month, speaking at "Pontine. Flint, and Ypsilanti, ana perhaps elsewhere. •STATES ?CRS FOR BRrf Ki.vJtiocE —South Carolina, where the Presidential electors are chosen by the Legislature; Georgia, where they will also be elected by the Legisla- ture, in case neither party has s majority; Missittippi and Arkansas, where no Douglas ticket will be run, and tbe Bell Everett party presents but a feeble opposition. These four States cast twenty nine votes in the Bectiral College. nt ion of the entire l ne Than the growing importance of Russia on tbe coast of Tartary,wnb its close proximity to Japan aad China, will bastes the perfection of tbe ori- gmsl plan.79 224WtUT TDK AXEEKM* COVaTOnitST 8H0CU) IX).The sympathy and co-operation of the Russian govern-T o t a l .Whole number of papers..»32 1 1 4 41 1 2 1and unchanged, wheat keeps above Generally receipts are backward as ytt.for tbe construction of the line. We have no doubt theCongress will willingly and promptly accede to such a courage st the recent Eastern advices, are organisingislands that might possibly bo brought into requisitionbuyers' v i e w sreasonable request.Mr. Collins will also set on foot a private expeditionfrom 9an i iancisco to inspect tbe coasts and islands of that little world enclosed between the Alentrian islands, Kamschalka and the western coast of America For this purpose he will proceed Immediately by the California overland route to 8an Francisco, proposing to return in time to lay tbe whole pMn before Congress at the next session. If the three governments immediately interested—energetically for the campaign. Several prominent demo- crats, who at first favored Douglas, are coming out for th* ether side, apparently under the pressure of federal influence. An address to the national democracy of Cali- fornia, urging the party to support Breckinridge, haa re- cently been published, which manifestly has strengthened that side of the question. It is signed by 66 democrats, many if whem occupy respectable and prominent positions in the party. Twenty of. them sre ferterftl officeholders,Trot O t o i « or EIUCTORH p Otom-.u —In nearly all theStates of the Cnion ft plurality of i b e votes cast is sutii-cient to elect a Presidential elector. In Georgia the caseis different. In that State tbe statute requires a majorityof the whole number or vjotes cast to elect a Presidentialelector. If the majority Of the college is elected by sucha vote, that majority by an election among themselves citadel. The remainder of the troops, and especially s apply the vacancies in the col ege But if a less numbergpen after b-a arrival in St. fatemborg, In the fall of the Russian, the English and our own—would jointly eight more are recipients of federal patronage, and theMARSBLLHI, July 26.1860. Letters have been received from Sioily stating that Gen. <lary had only evacuated the outposts and the town ot Messina, and had concentrated his torpi far nut in theguarantee a fair interest on the cost of the construction,aad lend their aid to the enterprise in the m u t e r of stirveys, Ac , there would be no doubt as to tbe speedy con-struction of the line. The distance, we have » i J, from SanFrancisco to the Amoor river is some 6 000*miles, and theaverage cos. pei mile is estimated at $250 This wouldmake tbe aggregate cost of th* line $1,500,000, or allow*- is the stronger. Thus far seventeen democratic1SA9, t.s plaj i and *rec:ttc propositions were submitted tothe Cow.mnt.deT in-Chief of PuMlc Ways, G*en. Cheflkin, bywhom they were again submjtted to the Siberian Com-mittee, as the proposition affected the country under theirjnrwdMrtioa. This committee ft council is composed of•erne of the first men or the empire, and, since the aoquiBitot, of the Amour country by Cmot Mouravieii. and thesew statu* of the Chinese queatiou arising out of the Pel • amount to be guaranteed by each lea- tban $47,000. We tbe republicans entertain not unjustifiable hopes that theColonel Bosco's division, have been dnspatcbed to Cala • bria.d*video between the three governnents would leave thebo ftSftir, is a very important agent in all matters relating can hardly think, m view of the immense importance, to the Inst. The critical condition of affairs in China, politically, commercially and socially, of the undertaking, that there will be any hesitation on the part of either ofdemocratic divisions may be so equally ballanced as to give the State to Lincoln.Although the coart is scarcely re-established, alreadybusiness begins to thrive, and there is again activity inthe streets. Prices have improved, and were it not thatthree cargoes of American provisions are shortly ex-pected, we might be able to obtain remunerativeTHE SYRIAN QUESTION.PARIS, July 27, tSOO. Tbe Comitiulimntl of to day, in an article signed by M. GrandguiUot, announces that Lord John Russell has autho- rized Lord Cowley to come to some understanding withFrance respecting tbe expedition to Syria.The same paper says:—As all the Powers agree uponing Ibr errors in estimate, $2 000.000. The Interest onnew*papers have declared for Doughs, thirteen for Breck-inridge, and nine remain non committal, with eventhis sum at seven per cent would be $140,000, which chances or going either way. Under these circumstanceselectoral candidates get such a majority. Then the dttr of electing an entire electoral college devolves on the Legislature, which in this case is already chosen, sad is strongly for Breckinridge. 'GIANT Kiuixs.—The Breckinridge men in Syracuse areSome very respectable Bell aad Everett meetings have- iron the expedition which ttleAng prepared against it by th» three governments to make this guarantee. The been held in different parts of the State, but thus far thatPaean i and Krance. occupied)the serious attention or the S.tenaa Committee during last (all and winter, and ne- (tm*r. j iu&pceed upon them a (rent amount of business. Betide* Uu$ they bare ft line of Tartar Chinese frontier of •MM five thousand miles to took aster, with the vivid tractions of Genghis Khan and his conquests still upper- most m the Tartar breast.(ion. ihefrsin and the committee found time, however, spared from the other important duties devolving on them, to consider the propositions submitted by Mr. Col- ;as .They gave them, indeed, ft marked and prolonged eonsidtration. But while the Russian government enter- ed fuJy into his views so to the great importance to Rus- sia, both in a commercial and political sense, of the proposed telegraph connection with China and America, it declined, riosa motives of State policy, r: .her to xmciude any convention for the definitive j me- n u aad co-operaMu of Russian and American lines or towork could then be pushed on with vigor, and in the party dees not exhibit much rank and file strength.comae of from three 10 five years we would have the A terrible tragedy recently took place near Sacramento, • Ontinents'of Europe. As.a and America allied by tbe which has intensely agitated that portion or the t-'tate.prices for desirable articles. However, we cannot complain. Things are better tban they were, and although about to organize ft club under the sanguinary title of thea poor consolation, still it is something. The crop of •'Giant Killers."coffee promises to be of good quality, better cleanedtban usual, and in some districts more abundant. The NORTH CAKOI.EXA KLSCTJOS.—Full returns of the vote formagnetic wireOn tbe n t h or July a man named Witzler was murdered while asleep at Sacramento City, and his Louse robbed or considerable money and jewelry. Circumstances pointr.ver. The traCe was estimated at fl.iUVOUo, with aBa<hA.-iai. IhtKt i- krasau, 1th Tiitwt and the air'.h prospect of large increase so soon as steam comuiunica I ht at otlu r mineral district" has boon '•isrovlered equal in defence of the national Urritory. which was afterwardsPaH Vfirtrs<llicersi $ 1,1 bhrs^s i oiliccrs. ra\ Ifhing^did not begin '"' Tl.ey uflejted nothing, howw d Ura-ia lor tt,< gt.u laiats tr Turtc?utc and tne t «o t an can be baa ip the rlrer, which it navigable by at -am r-v«r. 11 IU li'Jt j>>>iiit it j ak, the seat of commerc* beats for two thousand miles, or within three hundred k. •jt*« a .»r««- .in<i "»i r ihi the Kiiisseis-i co' lAry and and fifty miles of the Russian and Chinese towns ?'.ber a Tb»- pruposith-n is t «« soulhtfastwirttiy u.< Ir- Kiakluta and Maimatrhio, through which all the t^athe theatre of th* glorious deeds cf those who founded the Oriental natlanality in spite of the power of Brazil,'' Aic. TLe governsnent. on its side, continues giving usev<r, andTcft for All any en an early 'eYain top'a^ethe.r virtue :n the keeping of the equally virtuous i'eter.The nomination ot Mr. Brady, it is Fuppe*ed. will se- cure to the Breckinridge ticket a very coneideiwole share of the foreign vote of the State. Col Viefe, the can- didate for Lieut. Governor, represents the canal interest* of the western part of the Stote. Jopn M laycox, who has already served the State for a ternr as Canal Commis- sioner, represents the central portion of the --1616, and R W Allen, for State Priswi lnsjxctoV, the section ol the State most frequented by con ept aldermen acd leg.s lators.Most cf the delegates are preparing tr> leave this after- noon, exrept the Slate Committee, which assembles for tbe purpose of completing arrangements for the cam- paign. Many jokes are cracked at tbe expense cf Cagger and Richmond, who are represented as down in tbe mouth at the course nflairs have taken. Tbe removal of Jewett was entirely unexpected, and fell upon them like a thunderbolt. Hon. Isrsel T. Hatch, of Burfal), has also forsaken tbe sinking ship of tbe Regcncjsand has been in attendance at the Convention here, and strongly in Savor of Breckinridge. He was a in mp card of Richmond, and it will be bare to supply his place.As I write, a large crowd is assembled in front of the Syracuse House, indulging in impromp.u songs and up- roarious enthusiasm at the close of the chorus cf each verse which is set to the tone of old Pan Tucker, as lol lows :—Then hoist tbe Mag and beat the drum, And give Steve Douglas kingdom » m e ; Dean Richmond, too. we will put through, And give Pete Cagger ballyhoo.Rut a comparatively small amount of liquor has,been disposed of, and tbe citizens bere remark there Las not been so respectable and temperate a Convecion b<re lor tears. Tbe New York City delegation was unusually so, snd has contributed greatly to repel tbe charge that has been so long made, that New York always sent tie bard est set of men In the Convention.C i t y I n t e l l i g e n c eWORK AT IHX J-TBKTI DXTABTMEVT —The following cottracts were publicly awarded at noon yesterday at the r. McMasters briefly addressed Street Department —ciiy, thucapital <ri' Eigteru •ciCES or ar> and the souther Carry it from tbence eitherpre and Maitnatchim, aith pt.int of ihe lake or sea of iders of the Chinese emMi«gr,in Th«-se two points the Chinese province of ;wr a.) the l^gai tra<le b^twec « the i!e[K>ts an 1 en'.n potseaterlug Rntsia must c«me. Ihere is none allowed to be Imported by sea. Tlie Amoor taps the whole of Liberia;, besides the provinces of Mantchooria and Mingo- ' a. The countlry tributary t J ths .\moor river, iu a com- mercial point id'Vie*, contains a populating of over twen- ty millions, and it is impossible to ettimate the trade tb.it( alit'omiaIhere is nothing remarkable in the late accounts fromiht Wesboe mines.Htvct mining intelligence is generally encouraging.At r'jrsniid lake everythipg was quiet, no Indianssbr.wirg tl emselves there or anywhere else on the east- trn side of the mountainsrmigracts had commerced arriving at Honey lake valley, by lander's cut cfl wagon road. They report on tbe road good feed and plenty, and no trouble from the Indians.NEWS FROM TEE AMOOR RIVKB AND JAPAN.The tchracer Caroline bad arrived on the 24th from from NtcolsetEkv, en the Amoor river, via Hakodadi,Jnue 1-1Tte Fette left Fan Francisco in September, 18&9, deli-vered btr cargo at the Amoor In November, started to re> turn immediately with thirty two Mongolian and two hiuped camels from the confines of Tartary, selected especially for their adaptation to the Cali- fornia climate and country. Before getting out of the >moor tbe Foote becamae Ice bound and remnined Treatn in tdl June 1, during which seventeen of the camels dlcdfrcm hunger »nd coir. Tbe remaining five arrived11.SacFrancisco, an1areonexhibitionforafewhibited the navigation of the nvcrs CVbollate, Tacuari, Olivar and others Iby any kind of foreign craft. Tint since the navigation of those rivers, nearly all of which empty inte> lake Mirim, is done exclusively under the flag of Brazil, snd cannot be earned on by any other foieipn power, it follows that the prohibition H aimed especially at her.Another governmental measure of this republic w h h h merits all the attention of the empire is that lately adopted of obligmg Brazilians, born in the territory while incorporated w ith Brazil under the name of the Cisplatine Province, to perfcrro the laborious duties of the National Guard. Many of those individuals are tbe sons ot Bra- siliats who were at that lime in the imperial public service, and therefore possess all the requisites re- quired by our orastitntlon to entitle them to the enjoy- ment or all tbe rit his or Brazilian citizens.A fierce and bitter discussion is being carried on between Nm Heyes, ex Minister, and the editor or tbe Rfpublica, the celebrated Acbaor glorious memory, who accused lbs former of having done some improper things dm ii'i bit ministerial term.i*.ia> U> R.»kht*. i.oar tneiaie<! i>y treaty Thf trade o K lrsia and Chios ae »t.pu a s y be opened tip there. There ate already severala lS5e-7 at22.50b.UiO eiJvei these towns wis est .mated American bHI!t steamers on the Au.oor.and one of themS17.U0 fc€0 of our currtn roubles Russian, equal to has voyaged up the rivter for 2,200 miles. The Russianif'?* ti.t Vabii-ni. vol mo The line would then eiceupaticn of that country will help to open up the whole« 'C**<t*red the h^ad stains to CheU, which "ti the waters (loving steamboat navigationof Northern Tartary and China to a civilized commerce,in which the United Slates will participate, for oar people fcto the Amoor river, have now a commercial ascendancy on the Amoor, and Tranch iuU Tne main feat meut for the province of will retain it. In all points of view, therefore, the pro-Chetah A the e»al of jovetu,t it is the great :Asurn c« oi the Bikal country uits ttlvsr end ict colony of the Russian fcrerLment, its ttlvsr and gSld mines being worked by toavpets The region is well adapted to agriculture and the rearing of large herds of ctaMle, which abound there, l rem CBctftb, by way of tne river Ingodah, the line crosses to Nertchinsk, tbenaeldown the sbilkab river to •i-mre kah. which is toe bead of the Amoor river, f-rn-id by the junction oi thoBhitkah and Argoon.iHS AMunc a s r j u o s us*.ject originated by Mr Collins and promoted by the Rus sian government, must be regarded as fraught with the most important results to our trade and commerce with Japan, China, and tbe Amoor. We hope he will see before many years the full consummation ol his plans.Transmarine Telegraphs. [From the London Times, July 19 ]The Select Ommittee on Government Packet and Teie graphic Contracts have made their third and final report,Tbe discussion ends in a law suit for a libel, and thetrial conrmencei today. Tbe editor Is defendent, orcourse, but rays he can prove everything he asserts.Theatticle which provoked this suit was written over effect tban this. After considerable delay, and it be- the slgrature or 'A representative or the People," and coming evident that Mr. Foote was not likely to attend, was particularly seviere. The eelitor refused to give the the meeting was called to order by the Hon. J. R Briggs, writer's name, at d takes all responsibility on bimseli. President of the club. !some formal business was thenTh« Ameer from this point to itt month is 2,000 miles which is devoted to telegraphs; but they have little to r'ays, afttr which they are designed for use as beasts ofin lesatb, the upper portion being equal in width to the C+.c, and the lower portion t|o the Mississippi. The line* .ii toUcw the course of the (iver, through tne principal Rnssian aadHantohoo settlements, to its entrance into the o*esn. It is ever this pak of the line, from the head rt the Amoor river, that Mr! Collins has been onceded the right to make the initiatory surveys. The whole dis- tance from Moscow to the mouth of the Amoor is esti- mated at 6 000 miles, which is about half the distance from Moscow to 8t Petersen^. It is expected that, as a result rt the negotiations new pending between Russia and dun*, a coicssaiun will] be granted to ran tne line frem aimfcht* to Pe from Pekin to Shanghae, Amoy and Hong Kongsay, for they recognise that the whole scheme (X tele- graphic communication is still in its infancy, and much experience is required before rules can be laid down, while some risk of loss must be incurred in the cubrts to bring it into a -tat«; of greater perfection. They observeb u l l in between the mountains and valleys, where wa- gon roa's are not opened.The bark San Francisco, from Hamburg, arrived at the moutb cf the Amoor en the 12th of May, and was about ;.H • nd ing w ben the Foote lelt. The balance of the springAnother discussion, no less interesting, bas been going proceeded w ith, such at reading and confirming the mi- on between tbs same RerublUa aid the Xacvm—the nutes of the previous meeting, &c The Secretary anAfter reaching the morn ol the Amoor, tbe furthercccrsecf the telegraph tin is not yet deamtivety ar- ment. The telegraphic contracts as yet made by theperted had materially advanced.ranged. There are three di rent plans proposed. The ce }» Mr Collins' original plan of skirting the sea ofgovernment are sis in numl>er. Three guarantees havejudging from appearances, is waiting to see how the rc-n referring to the spare at that he should himee|should tak^ place. it to the heat of the weathoste present, and I people from assembling intendance, attributed looked upon present prognosticstbcr., which deterreas favorable to Mr. Iioiglte, particularly from the latecrowoVd rooms Heelections in the ^outh, and specially noticed the result oftte late election in the State <>iKentucky, which be said was a rebuke to Mr. Bneckinridge that ought to have the meet of compelling that gentleman to withdraw at onceFor building a fence around Meunt Morris square, to Martin A Kelly, at a est of Jl,3«l 27For furnishing one thousand gas lamp irons, and for drilling and tapping the cross beads, to Hugo A Ctgelts, atacosto|f, 700.For furnishing one thocsand cast iron lamr ports for the citv. to Hugo k Unge U. at a cost of 16,4^7 M>-For furnishing one thousand gas lamps, to Alexander Bratc'on. at a cost of tl,&f0For rehiring and a'tering tlie--r«miis over L«:sei mar-been given to three companies for twenty-five years, but (<ct.,'.*A, erasing from As: into Russian America by conditionally on success, and to be operative only whileiorms wi'l end.able severity. It is already very col 1 and there is sbun- r>ai ce of rain. The litle has risen so as to ikx-d one of the streets, and. in fftct, all the lower parts of the city remain itKcinunicec'M,Brooklyn City News.BvLi.cg'* Stra-ta. ai d exte ling ailing the raciuc coast ti.rocgn OregtHa and Wash ton Territory to San Iranthe telegraph is in working order. To the Atlantic Tele- graph Company a return or eight per cent is thus gua r a.i tec J on a capital of £000.COO, but this has been roundCharlotte's Island and V lias now being built trom re»» is eommon to the reute is meet popular m «LS dstermiaca on.Wm"jvsr A Island, to meet the Ibis part of tbe plana. Ibe last mentioned and wmjrobably be the u n d c m M B n g m tuat t t Busvun government ill buHfThe line frommate. The Joint Board, however, refused to adopt the fare and h<iad. A n••rober of tbe inmates of the den gath- have been accompsnled by another lad named EdwjntIsVicow So tbe Amoor tnat ia* it** of the a<artri.cted from taence tf anon an equal extent.Fran; see. This ides Mr. Cbilins poshed with aarmtfc sad nasi, viiltsst yospsctft of ultimateand Mr. J L Pajsen and two servants, W HE B ^ " ' *!££?Mrs S Van Prase F C Brook. Jr, O B Sol^r, Daniel IBarry,Mr and Mrs O A Knar*. Bosilon; Mr and Mj« » • fW9»S!' cut with a knife by Patrick Cooney. It is alleged that oi» arrested Earrafd McDray, on a charge of refusing to wbf n a mechanicruahed in and saved tbs child at tbs rntfAfter ibis planJ. the next thing'TO XTSSIA.upon by the Siberian Coun- and coats.a surgical examination proved that they are not neces- ltmn.es. Its occupahts are composed of the vilest and Mrs. Doubleday, could sot find words to express bar gra-a joint and united action er the co Tpemtim of tbe Hnsslan governmea w th taw Amer.csa cempany, la ord^ to extend the las to Sanion; Col W Preston **d " S N ^ i . ! * j lESh£L*f£2l sarily dangerous. Cooaey was arrested to await tbe re- lowest dregs of humanity, with whites and blacks bringin, a- A purse was Immediately made up for him by ths pstsetgers. He refused to give hie name. Tbe kiaaaCftV of tbe boat hands hs the emergency was unbounded,FoaoKnr A » Daars —A yoaag man namedIJobn Ada.r of Greerville.Geo., attempted to pass ft forged e4*scs a* Ootumbus, Geo., ea Tuesday last, but tbe broker doubtedit. snd started' to walk « «» AiWr to^ « £ rantwtnl drswer <m tbe wsy the young man leaped into therTM* tvCattemptedtoescapebyswimming,butla,«ue*n wirfcircwred.government,Ibrongbits Qusf ofPoplicthat they are strongly convinced of the \tty great im iieet for the same destinations-five or six vessels—wereformer defending and the latter opposing tbe adoption, in the cuntry or the conscript system for tbe formation of an army.nounced the action of the various committees appointed to further the objects [of the organization and among other things stated that it was under consideration topenance if our Laving Independent means of telegraphic communication, free from all foreign supervision or con- trol, with our stations in the Mediterranean and our empire in tbe «ftst. The continental lines are subjectto tbe supervision of tbe police and the control of in that portion of the Empire appeared vcrjr friendly to tbe governments through wh<ve territories tuey pass.Tbe committee also advise that tbe British government the Americans, and disposed to afford all facilities for should keep free from any obligations or understand trade guaranteed by the treaty. They had receivedin-legs which may in acy way fetter their action in regard to after proceedings or other lines: and that all contracts be eflectually Drought under the n itice and control of Parlia-telligence o" the handsome welcome accorded the Japa- nese Fmbassy in San Francisco with evident pleasure.Tie price of all goods allowed by the treaty to be ex-"be in New Tork whenever itand an assortment of furs from the Amoor.JIEW'S KROM ORKCO.N JUTD BRITISH COlfJIRU.The steamer Oregon arrived to-day, with Oregon dates to tbe 21tt, and British Columbia to July 25.l raacisco to the Missouri rtjjsr, for watch CongresB at its tevratean Extension (Iiland or Sardinia to Malta and ly satisfactory.i»t session grantet certnm subsidies, would put New Corfu) six per cent on £120.000, but failures have oc Oregcn news was unimportant. There was a generalLieut, Ciles returned w itb the astronomical party 1 " b o lock observations* from Pugots Sound on the total solar and with the completion of the telegraph line from San canitftl, and Ube scheme is now in abeyance; to the Medi- t el ipse on the 18th inst. Their observations were entire-< sec. The lice would be connected with that now in< ourss v* construe ion from Sacramenu City, northward, not nufiiciebt to enable tbe company to raise the requiredTBK THJRD DftsiRfi Bail TOWKR —What has become of the Third district bell tower project, so long agitated by ar.d with Sh pans of Europej, Tbe greatest length of sub to the Channel Islands Tekgrapb six per cent on £30,000, The British Columbia news IB also void of interest. the citizens ana firemen of South Brooklyn- is a questionV ik .n telegraphic cfromuiicanon with tho t'acitic ooa<t curred wh.ch have interrupted the working of the line; lull of ro'itic* after the recent fleet ion.from the cot test. Indeed, the step, he added, was ex- ket, to be occupied by the Kaeteru Lii;«nsary. to (larles peeteU front him, even! by his own friends. As to North Vandervoort, at a cost of Sl.oWcthus deprived of the proper means of alarm. Affairs have been in this state for over three years, and we thinki • rged cable by t n » route would not exceed sixty and tbe full guarantae bas to be paid by tbe government,ir. Sen. f.>r a thirty years' monopoly held by a British com- PRIZE FJI HI AT WKEUAWKKS —Yesterday morning aboutAnother proposition is to-cross from the m »ith of tre pany from the government ol France prevents thisAi.oor river to the large Uinnd of Saghaher, ,h pee cable being employe I fur messages beyond tbe Channel five o'clock, a prize fight, for a flake of $100 a side, came. rross the sea < f ucbotak to tbe southern point of Katns Islands, in connexion with tbe French telegraphs. Then I of! at Weehawken, N . J , in the presence or a limited ch*tka,and across by Bthrittg't Straits. This route would comas the Uagnsa and Alexandria telegraph, which is to j number of the admirers of the pugilistic art. The com- r«.,isir* seme 4M) miles or isubmerged cable The third be rnade*by the Austriain governmentand leased to a com-t rofxmtion is t? extend it southward throughout the pany, and ihe British gpvernmtritiguarantee 3 per cent for j batacti were Jesi^b Fox and Billy Donelly, the latter well whole .eegth or Sa«haJieu I Island*. 000 miles, across the twenty i.ve yearsofacipital of JCMO.UCO. when tne line 13 : known to the freqveuters or sparring exhibitions as a very^trails of I s Pe rouse and Matsma., thiough the islands of Japan to Nagasaki. oupos.ls Shacghae, and iu case the i.e eatinot be omit fromj Pekin southward, to extend it s l.ne ever to iiong Kjong. This would bring to tbe ..if tne b'usictes of tSe whole Paeitic, incl j.ling China asd Jaaan. It would tne* -proceed northward by tbeupon which the Fire and Water Ccrr.mittee of the Comtnon Council will please enlighten the public. The appropriation fcr the work was made some time ago, but therethe matter was dropped lor Bcme unaccountable rea large rr.ajcr'ty in Ncvflmher next fcr Douglas. Coder all day last we drew the attention of our readers to tne c ^ t son the fireman in the Second and Third districts aren working order. To the Red Sea and India Telegraph Com-pany (Alexandria to Kurrachee) the government havegiven an absolute guarantee of 4>i per cent for tifty yearson £800,000 or £1,000,000. lastly, t be late governmentdetermmed thenicelves to construct and lay a cable from j cemplish, as they fought sixty three rounds, lasting fifty- Fa'mouth to Gibraltar, with a view to extending it toThere bejeg no further business to be. transacted, the nex , the lath inst. Mrs. lUgan has relied for two years> tne way of BcnrUtg's and tbe Aleutian Islandsto Cape uyaski, in Rust America. There would be however, to transfer that cable to India and lay it down j mg the contest to a termination by striking his antago-several estimates ef the taxes were passed upon. Theamount to be raised for principal on the city loans wasfiiedat$166,0tl 01, being a reduction of some $6 000 O'Shawnessy.awcll known de»perate character. Uponi.o greater in gth of snbi cable require*! for u s route than sixty or sere: ly mtles. After reaching the .tiu-r.ca* Continent tbe le is to pans down the laciiic <.a»t through tte settl its of the Roes:an American Fir fcsBpany to Fitkn,to Singap ue. This is one of those questions which are lelt to be settled by the House of Commons when mem- bers are in hot haste to get away from Westminster.Snit for Theatrical Services. MABTNI COURT.Bcfiorc Hon. Judge Haysard aad a jary-Arcrst 9—GtorfcC. Jordan«. Lawa Ketne.— This s the second act .on between these parties, brought by the plaintiff for professional services as actor In the denist a foul blow.A r r i v a l s a n d D e p a r t u r e s * ARRIVALS.said hcuse, her home and the only means of support willthence either through the and on to San Francisco, or i y » submerged cable to tne* of Wales'Island, Queenfrcm the original statement, as prepared by the commit- entering the room find making his business known, be entirety taken away within a few days Subscript ior« tee The statement of the amount necessary for otttcers' OStoawnessy, tegethcr with his wife and son, made an at- may be left with Mr. S. Day, 1,244 Broadway, near Thir- salaries was Used at S97 S00 The Common Council bad tack uponitbe cffceriwbo drew hie club and made the ty tint street.Erdsh puesessKms toOrat their last meeting adopted a resolution recommending beat possible use oi it] but the odds were too great against an increase of the salaries of all the heads of depart- b/m The woman seiied a kntfe and fought like s demon,Eov MissiXG —Frederick Vanderpool, a lad fifteen yearsOf age, bas been missing from the house of bis parents atPEPARtBTRES., about *,0©0 Bilam, and fendanfs theatre, and was triad in January last, when * LjvraW>«r^ieainaMpCaMda,fr«^, n ^ j « ^ «STABKNI; Aurssv.—A slabbing affray occurred in aP%rter house in Atlanticastreet, naar South ferry, pester- years of »$e, O^hawSasAr and his wife having succeeded tweea six snd seres o'clock. a little girl, two years of agr>Amancan Company will beCay morning, m which s man named Owen McGuire wasIt resulted in a verdict for the defendant. The plaintiff Fianoaco, which will hs appealed to the general term, which reversed tbe judg-n makirg their escape. Testerday, Uiief of Police Marl- fell overboard from tbe Wall street ferry boat Metropolis, knife in self defence, inflicting three stabs It was at assist the eorstable. ^he "Ship" is an old, long three sto- of bis own life. Owing to the strong tide that was running,now came up for ft retrial, pursuant to that order, sad re-sults* thjs tjiae in s verdict for the plantiff ft r $208 48Mr and Mrs Geo A Crocker, tt ^ C " 1 ^ ' 3 .SS^'H^ELS "ierXBangor; John L s y t F ' t ' ^ ' ^ C W a i A g g S g g g Alcvon. J TTGauibreaux. New tors; Allen SGiUa, «•"*»-McGuire attacked Cooaey, and that the latter drew afirst thought that tbe wounds were of a fatal character, but ry wooden butkling.j with apartments for about forty be was much exhausted when picked up. The mother,P o l i c e I n t e l l i g e n c e .CaittTac A Suras SBOT—William Heaney was arrestedfor drunkeaness aad disorderly condaet, by policemanKontiwkv- DMrNeill, L Fros*.Mobile: JeeephiHarser. Jr ana sult of the injaries. wtfe Nebraaka Terri onn James Carwell, Victoria, >^euu-on equality, while amalgamation is not unfrequent. A d<tctnt br the Mayof. Recorder anl Chief ef Police was cc%t<mplated a few days since; but the inhabitants of the den, beccming aware of tbe intention, paid their rent in advance, and thusibwarted them. The next Grand Jury sheuid take the matter in charge.FAfAi^ RA'IRCAP AC^TSNT —At Carton. Mats. Aug 5, AreFUambcctexpr*stramfromNewYorkranc^-er*m. Karar. cf Etcr,|L1*)D. k-iirr. t man-crt attanLymlral L H s^umTTam Kngjex. ^ J ? ^ f c J r ^ t a r r V Holler, of the Fifth precinct In the possession of the For HeHfax-Mrs Joseph Leonard^ ^ ^ u ^ » e 5 T S 'Beaw^BslrK WgSe£ B>^«e^K O^ntthsccused was found s formidable looking weapon la the t>^_«._. n . « i ' u-.l!.r« Prmrfdtuice: E C »•»», new MB-" «*f*- ftcsaowladgmg tbe utility sad necessity of the several persons with Use slung sbot, and asaavored to as- yjS?tesafevT. jBtKv&EEBBzs granted 460 lessees this year, whkh at ISO a Icets*K ^ a a s• a -en of the Interjaan and Bosnian lines, in order to a s k s j B «,:r»ni. Ktiranexn, -•*•», «• rgpre Kerfoot, TiLJQVOR* LOOMS.—Tbe Etcise Coxnmiseioriers havetie Russian lias valuable tcf or-Buntrce.Jotte ;ift*na tbewesuca CBLbsBascsa %&sault them, but luckily the arrival or tbe policeman pre vented any serious caiastrerbe. Justice Kei'y committed Jbtpisutsf fortrjahat.nrg. Pa TbtTM —-,-— :idMr.HWWatson,PiU.1 [>» Tbeotxtmitg.Monwa,;netntheramsf$13500,whichgoestotheeccntyf<:rtte rcpjxrtcf tbs poor.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069shape of a along sbot. Before his arrest,Heaney pursued x ¥ o r a j ^ B ^ b w * . JTJ;Arrived at !-an Francisco, 28th, snip Cosset, from New York; schooner Caroline E. Foote, from Amoor River via Bftkodftdl; schooner R. E. Raymond, from Guayaqjatl.There is a better demand for goods in %small way by tbe trade. Arrivals having been very light lately, hold- ers of goods in store bare been firm in their pretentions, and realize rather better figures for suah small lotsNorth...South... 236n r w u * foirrroErcs rs THE rawicr.With such confidence Is the project regarded in Russia ed to one William Watts as tbe murderer,average yield will probably be tbe same with the late Governor from thirty counties have been received, which that question the assent of Turkey will necessarily fel-mand. Fine ccfiees are active, but Rio slow at last quo- tations. Provisions dull, with nothing selling but butter at Improved rates: June is 20c. a 80;. Rioe is quiet: Carolina, 7c. Sugar without particular change andminds or his feitow citizens the aivantagea that would surely accrue to Hayti under a more active system of agriculture, and wherever he went be preached a ser- mon on that text. When I last alluded to tbe President he was receiving as ovation at Cape Haytien. Since then he has visited all the cities in the neighborhood of iort Liberty and St. Michael, formerly the richest and most populous part or the island. He even penetrated down tbe long cape on which stands Port au Pais—a port be not long before opened to foreign commerce. Every- where bis reception was the same, even so much so as to surprise himself; far you remember tbe North was sup- pesed to be devoted to tbe Min ster Propbete, who was re- cently expelled from the island for cons Mr ing to overthrowtbe republican government, and who fled to Paris by way orycur city. We are informed that the ex-Minister is nowliviqg in France like a fighting cock, and still has hopesof returning to his dear native land; so dear to bim thathe plotted to dclugs the country in the blood of Hay liana,in order that tbe land might be happy nnder his owngentle rule. Gentle it needs must be, for the Ministerwas brought up under the eves or Soulou^ue, and gained call a special session or tbe General Assembly for tbaihis wealth and station by following the footsteps of his purpose. Tbe same is true, of course, if none of tbe the state of things was more satisfactory. master.The Breckinridge and Lane democrats, having takenothers represent a mass or politicians giving the docu- ment most weight.The Douglas democrats are also active. The Irish and German vote will mostly go with that branch of the party: hut it is difficult to estimate which wingare elected by tbe people the vacancies must be ailed by legislative elections, and [the Governor is a u t h o r e d toN a n a s . July 26,1S60. The latest news received from Sicity announce* thatthat Mr Collins had an offer made to him by an Eagticsb who was followed to tbe Washoe mines and arrestedon the 23d He was conveyed to Nictaus, in Sutler than usual, so that you may look for some invoices of new Democratic.house there to build tbe whale line, if the Russian govern* county, on tbe 26tn, and that night started for Sacra crop to arrive ss early as the end of September. Th• Opposition..ment would give him the concession. For reasons pecu- meuto. handcuffed,'is sn open wagon, under the charge ofliar to Itself it declined to do so, however. The whole Wm. C Stoddard, recently District Attorney of Sutler county; George Armstrong, formerly from Texas, and•-•3,818068 the good faith of tbe Powers will be able to resolve then.France, who in the affair has assumed the energetic atti- tude most proper to raise tbe courage of the opposed tribes, will a so show a moderation which cannot fail to inspire tbe European governments wltb confidence, and which is tbe invariable rule of ber policy...uteliou has been pretty freely discussed and favorably received in Russia In fact, this project is looked uponcelebrated ss an Indian fighter, and Timothy Wharton,Deputy Sheriff of Sutler county, but formerly of Ogdoncounty, Illinois. On arriving within a mile or Sacra-mento at two o'clock A. M on the 28th, the prisonerquietly stripped his handcuffs off, and witha pistol taken from Armstrong while asleep,fired on Wharton and mortally wounded him He the demands of various parties interested in the imperial6.171 There are eighty-live counties in the State, aad thenow as the only practicable one by which Europe andAmerica can be united by telegraph, and tbe recent newsof tbe failure to raise the Atlantic telegraph cable willlend it additional weight. The Grand Duke Constantine; a \ e Mr. Collins great assistance and encouragement i>y tben 'fired on Stoddard, killing him instantly: his liberal and lar seeing views, and by the warm advo-There is some dhsatisfaction in Hayti in consequence ofdemocratic majority in 1|68 was 16,267.TAY UP OR I-SAVR—The! Tribune philosopher or this cityhas written a private letter to a gentleman in Milwaukee, on tbe subject of the farm mortgages, in which he says they nuist pay up or leave tbe republican party.next on Armstrong, inflicting a wound ' acy of bis plans. Mr. Collins bad frequent interviews Irem which be died in an hour. Wharton was then suffi-government, for indemnity for damage to property or position on tbe downfall of tbe empire.M. Arduin, the Hayti Minister to France, was receved at a particular audience by the Emperor, on the 4 h of July tost, and M. Impuy, tbe Haytien Minister to London, bas been similarly honored by uueen VictoriaOn the 30th June there was a general fete all over the republic, in honor of tbe former deceased President Guer- rier.OoswANTtvoriK, July 21—Fven.ng Up to this moment the Porte hat not given bis reply to the proposals relative to an European intervention in Sy- stumping Illinois for Douglis.' A cousin of Lincoln is also ria. It isalmost certain, however, that tbe reply of thewith his Imperial#Highness, and was always receivedwith cordiality and honored with a full discussion of hisplans. It will »e recollected that seme three vears sincehe travelled from St. Peter*burg to San Francisco overthe main course proposed to he followed by this line, and. rdod to Mr. Collins the initiatory survey or toe pro siiict then he has twice visited Russia, In order to pro- traces rf bim. It is said that Armstrong was a very vigi- cure definitive aetion to he taken »«y the Russian govern- lant and watchful man, and the only reason given for hisLiscTju's BEIATIO.NS.—i';0ld Abe's" bro-her in law isMusic and other national schools have been established ment. Kloc* bis Orst visit that government bas been fallirg asleep is the fatigue resulting from his long and at Port au Prince.vt Europe and America overload, thus avowing the grea; .-an-Amoor line, bas been opened from Moscow to Perm, July, arrived at San Francisco on the27th. Tbe overland 1until of Rio Janeiro of June 24, for the NEW YORKand is u m in course of construction towards Ekatannc-BKRAIO]3'fcc £epiiZai»r<—Affairs vrilk Brazil—III Feiting—The Ikr-. LoerU.i-.iy and expetise of sabmarme cables, which .tr« n.ty to be used at • few poitts, and to a very lotcns. t— ik-Je txient.ran KAXJIM A|»OOR II>K.Hvecrw was already in tclegr*pbic connectua w.ih St.Piurreturg, and thence withf'ltha rest of Europe That•an. therefore, to be, In Su. Cbllins' pltn, Hie initiall<..iit t.i-cc then, however, the Russian govorumeut haaU«o iteaoily p .thing on tht> 4ojDStruction of the lin*.>rrora veloping a large and lucrative trade with Japan and the It is reported that tte raciflo Mail Steamship CompanySrfvCv. taiiwardly ta the Aa'rtai-y tiietUed m that tiX•:M". u^vgr>rod, where the faTs-rur raaital '"< Ka/i*Kto •'F r m f n a it is m proeensfrdt mo-lDt*iL8 to 8b*writ*tenaea \* •SmimSiia oa the kchetssst'itirv .f the OVAmoor country, s pa.pablu to every business mind. Ha-+*+****•*+**+{}gcvercment !«r that i. .strict tern of f(.!r.m iowati »c «bn-h anu fb.iH-t-. ihcuof iti>.- ltt\ t [i. a, a iarg*i wHI bnttt city,poiut, beiue: tbe s<«t of c<»iu'ry ftid uaviiig a i y s . ke*< in th« trade'>f Ch:r:then, wrere our ncamerai may be supphid with . oal ol tl.e best quality. There are already seven American commer- cial he uses esiab.-l.ed ail Hako.ladiNtcdaef-kl, tke chief tewn and seat of government of the Amoor country, w ill also b< come an important place. There are seven (inimpic.al hoists established there likewise, and lost j . a r six American sUips entered the.\cewdo will have inevitably to propoae in the choice of Stfiritorj which he will substitute, which 1 doubt by roa- st ns o! "the ends which were in view at the negotiation ofthe treaty.Mr. Yelasco proposed, and it was approved, that the1 ame of 7.eballosshoii|d be given to the new village "in memory of the f»:at? df arms done by Dun Pedro Zeballos,epanleJtiee and b^H of iho dect asetl pi*red ur»o it, was election of Lincoln, and that tltey only taik unon iu borne to the'Firtet by several < llcers of the Sixty ninth,it T-m*k tfci liie river Tinn.a brmcb tt^ii swc.ron r! ccui-try, as %Sixty-ninth regiment. \ I Hearse, S!i p.<ice of [tonstdera >'e i-iipurtan<'e Tartar *«iotr:t'i to tie !?"UthctK>n lhrotir'U Vdidim.rffl fitir n beW. and the eld 00 the C'WtlntrSof \«;a. OOSptmcti'u a-r<..ss the iFfierjee t w to bt? e.x- ot vh« lrty«ii, theseen bevoae the rende. voua lor our Pacific whaling licet,icttead el Honolulu; for the whaling grounJ around thJapanese sfianiis is the best known to onr whalers Ha-ke>iadi,Ectu>ii iHattmed to become one of the most impor tant crmmerctat i iris 014 the whole coatt of Asia. Ttuire^f the ocean steam cavitation to and from the ports north and fonth 01 San Frarclsco..\ ttrerg effort is being ma<!o to prove the alleged wil of tin late S uator Brocerich a {forgery, with considerable HI ;ght of testimony on that side.Trie eiti/insof San DernsrdinTe met on the Htb to de- ' iiie what the town could do towards extendirls the te> , rai h irem l/# Ai j/elos. Cfcmpilttecs were appointed V» MI>cii rebeci iptkws.they drew Up in line, t Tfce members wore the u-nal took Richmond k Co. at thfir word, andtiiuaVd ft -x rrancb ol M*eam a T*ry mfo-tact >mms thene? to OnuS, n'so are large aad t-xteisive dial veil sou the island of SoghaIt remains now to be seen if the imp-riali n g , tbe * apital of the Ural mining country, to be flual-ly extente<'. us we have*shown, to tbe mouth of theAmoor. and to sueb point UMO the coast of Tarlary as themail arrive* the same day, with St. Louis dates to the £»tb. Hen Shields is reported to have come by this stage as far as Lot Angelos, where he remains a few days to re-MoxTSvmxo, June 16, 1860.Ri.Kbi&n government may finally select as its naval tiead- cruit.•(Uarters on thait ccaat.lMl"Oin.A2*CE 0> TBS LEYS.Calaveras county, about 30 mil*1-- from Stock ton, continues toingrosB consioerable attention in that portion of the ^taie.%\X ,JAMfS R. RYAN,l»ied Aiigusi i, JS60, Aged 41 years. RBciriisi-AT t" racn.X %The immense value of the project, as to its effect in de-have p-ircrased of the California Pteam Navigation Com-Iai-y the steamers Brother Jonathan, Senator and Pa- r country. It li*s been kodadi, one of the noeat ports in the world, will \cry cific, whi.h would give the tormer company tjhe control5 tbe idea impracticable. Mr. D.ckihaon'a view waslii c ir. value the Washoe silver[mine« Fine lends of goldII aring quartz, cepper and tir , cave also been found inthe same rfpior A very decided emigration in thati iiei-tit* has been ci mmenccd from the minipg town-! of proofs of its good intentions. By a recent decree, it pro-^******rr ******§Hor?e of dr-cciasei!, v.ith Irupj ings and equipments, draped in moarning. and botits and spurs reversed. Company A National tjlrja/8, Twenty third regiment (late Tintji), in citiztlns" drets, Brevet ColonelTlaytef commanding.Brigadier Ceneral Fwei, BTipade Major Taylor. Colonel Deiieny^ deputations frcm Arcturus Ixidge, 271,V. Snd A. M . And.Pilgrim Lodge, 243,; I ti. of p F , citizens and . j friendstof the deceased,relatives iii.d fnjcLtls in carriages.Company A of the Twenty third regiment, together with the Siity ninth regiment, were under command or Colonel P.yanduring thejr encampment at Staten Islaud atthe time ol the memorable Quarantiie warThe procffsion, which was a very large one, movedthrough Broadway to' Stuyvcsant street, and thence thiough Eighth stieet tp Cireenpoint ferry, and finally to Calvary Cemetery, where the deceased was interred, with tbe usual ceremonies ofn soldier's burial.Douglas C<ntial CainpaikJi Club.The usual weekly meeting of this club was held last evening, attended by nft more than three or four dozen persona The aonouncement that ex-Governor Foote, of Mississippi, would be present and speak, had no greaterat Bakcdadi on the 22u of June, at which port all the ves- sels in the Amoor trade touch going and coming.At Hakodadi every thing was quiet and business pro-l i e Senate approved the contract for building a railroadfrom Ibis city to toe town if Inion. If the advantages of establish a campaign newspaper, under the auspices orgressing slowly with its usual regularity. The Japanesetheargani/.ation, but that no immediate action had been j ej.-€ecided on in re'eronce thereto; and, also, that it was in contemplation to ca|l a mass meeting, to be held in Vnion square, tbe time of fixing said meeting to be de- termined by Mr. Douglas' movements, tbe desire beingtrip to the^orth, aad the city is again alive.day he reached bin eountry. seat, about two leagues dis- tant from tbe city. Many or his suite preceded him to the town, snd were warmly greeted. On the followingt morning the President arrived and proceeded to tbe capi- tal. Half tbe population or the city and many from tbe ssrrounding country turned out to receive him. The en- trance was really a triumphal march, and the shouts of the multitude were deafening. Tbe President himself looked well and strong, and showed but little signs of fa tigoe. He expresses himself well pleased with tbe trip, aad believes,as we ah pray, that it baa been of servicerUtrial Treaty*r-XavU/ation of certain Rims C7<*ed— Tbe recent discovery of copper and other minerals in Military Duty Required of BratQiam—Politual Discus-sioiu—sin A'dihv- is Hot Water—A Three Mite Rail- rr-ad—G mnwn«mt-rtt of II inter, rfe.Two days more the Legislative Assembly or this repub-The 1 MV Mlver discoveries( ( / • o district, situated fifte.i, tnilt- south of Owen's lake aid lit it en miles cast of ViiWVfon the eastern felnpe of the "it. ra Nevada, are atrractir? very considerable attention. Sciei ti fir men in San Franc iscou who have letted nnme- unssan.pts of ore recently received, think it probableorder to hold on to the federal offices of ire .-'tate, Too Brookfes have have had one ot two npt»nts vr" emlepavor- irt; to negotiate a bargain, who, like tbe woman men- tioned by Byrun intheaaeking ol Ismail, stoyl at tbe stieet corners and doorways wonderiig "Wher fore tben what is now^ called theand placed inj the hearse^Thecort<*£e th'-n mtv^d oh in the foilowiis order:—this enterprise were to correspond with the greatness of the projected road, they certainly would not amount to much, since the road extends scarcely one league, neither touching at nor running to any productive point, but quite tbe opposite—the old country seat of General Oribe, which is now in complete ruins.In Rio Crande there is nothing important in the way of The Foote brings I rem Hakodadi teas, silks, oils, &C, news. The ureas is silent in regard to the elections, and,j clever light weight professor of the manly art. His oppo- j nent is a much heavier and stronger man, and the condi- tions of the n.atch were that Fox should prbve the victorThe propoeitioa to erect a bell in the Second district, s< mew here in the ntighbarhood of the Hamilton avenue ferry, seems to meet with general approval, and it is hoped the comsuittee will take this matter into conside- ration also.TBX TAXSH.—Another meeting of the Joint Board of1 in the srmcc of forty live minute?. This be failed to acmeeting sdjjturned till Thursday evening nex:.Jersiry Ctty Xesrs.DEfrat/fx AITRAVJAT THK »SHip."-<»n Wednesdaynight constable Farreh, or Jersey City, proceeded to thepast on the cultivation of garden tlowrs which she has made up into borqnets, the sale of which has beentLe only means of support for herself and husband, who has been tonstantly ill with consumption and liver complaitt. She has also one child to support. Unless a generous public sympathize with this poor woman m her great1 eight and a half minutes, Itonelly thus winning tbe stakes. Alexandria, to as to hat e an independent line of our own ! Tbe fight was continued arter .the above'Bpricitied time, tor, t » t Inlands to t M point of Kamsciiatka, and from Ecf'and to India The present government propose, see which wa.° the better map. Ifuelly ultimately bring- Aldermen and Supervisors was held last evening, andold tecemehl house Mown ss the "Ship," near the upperend or Newark avenu^, to arrest a man named Patrick trouble, and enable ber to raise $26, tbe cost of removingHUMC B Thomr son, Felix Kirk, P Laudann, WmMiaF Brown, F H LawrenceUC McNulty. O&VmoeiUKarr, J B Carter, B Burt. L CfHitcbooek, E R Chambftla, Wm Macey, O 11*mhh, R MWright, A Lanjisdale.verfsJaad Mraid Mr.WH GiUiat. Uverpool; Peter W Bar-low, uSkaT; 1NBathwelL Q * « « " ? « V * « & 2 & B :Scotland James Sttaler, Mavence: A $ « i ^ « ^ H a v a n a J « "Tns DotCLAS STATS COSVSSTKCT—Mr. John Martin,of the Eighteenth ward, wss chosen delegate, and Mr. An- drew A. Myers alternate to tbe Pouglaa Stale Convention, from the First Assembly district on Wednesday.Vt Edward Oliver Lrverpeol—17 B F 1-anfccc, Castietoc 'It-'Al, ti., h o m DJS°' ment, amounting to about M,o00 above the original esti- axd' succeeded In cutting several gashes upon Farrell's 8P Amity street, sitce the 7th met. Be is supposed tocrop, or perhaps a trifle larger. The high prices in Europe foot up as follows:—low. It only remains to determine the basis of1800. the general understanding between 'tbe Powers ID•:4,47« order to carry out the end which aft have in view.snd tbe States will bring it to mai ket somewhat earlier1868. 24,306 17,6376,8'29w*atber is favorable. Coffee is now quoted at SI40 a 1143, Haytien currency,per hundred lbs., and is scarce.The false Haytien paper money, which is said to have been introduced into the country from New York, is still a matter of very great excitement, and has led to violent quarrels, which in our case especially may turn out se- riously.This task is not without difficulty; but we must hope thatre> s-idered as having been rejected by the Senate, which ht.s just decreed the creation of a village between the streams oiTscuafemQO Grande and Cunbaperu—that is, precisely on the very territory which was the object of the exchange fixed iu the treaty.badge «f mourning, and ihe colors were draped in black. Tbi*f-Ui»rs formed into fine and entered the house, where thty«filed round the cpffln ami c,az*d for t h ; last time i pon the remain-: of hijn who had once l>een their com-that tbe result had been a repudiation by the Rich- mond men of every profession of union aud harmony which tlie-y then made—a gross betrayal of the ^-eddenco rep<sed in them, and that it is utier;y useless to enpect afc>tblrg better of that cla^s of rn^-a r.'iw. A pretty gene-Winter made his entrance with consider-Lord His parents are very aVetrous of any xforma''mi rtneerning him. A description of him appeft t else- where.ment against him, aad ordered a new trial. The case Eart Boston; 8 P H o * ^ F o x » « ^ H o n ^ J BlAUey,Lynn;Ast wutr-Sfcrp Grahsms Pelley-Mrs Teazle and daughter, of Belfast, Me.for at-.- isiance, and he was forced to make a retreat. Bub-jseauently teveral polite t fficers made ft descent upon theti*hip," bdt succeeded only in smstisg the son, about II A CBIH) RxKTin rao« Dnowxixa—Last evening, be-recommendaUftB, aad if not reconsidered theoiheers' salaries will remain as they now are.ei«l around, but did not heed the demand of the ofheerUntitled DocumentGbunfer/etiOn Satur-rJUOCRATic_ T h eBre\}Anrbdge, Douglas.Democratic msjority. Democratic loss in 30 counties.forr..\.-.;sdemocraticjournals* '+*•**•******•**+**+**-r*+4y+•*+++**•**+*+*+***Atthree o'clock the flixty-nirth regiment, under com that the afan had already been tried ,o tbeuiandor.^o^eriirnttt will agree tor the aiuiata* v.hiou l>r. Thisirerern<>ny over. \%v ccfi r, with the uniform. Sword, .rai feeling, too, existed, th<it the Iti-f.'<»Bcy desire theCarolir a, however it rhigbl go, it was certain it would Kor building a new truck for use of HOOK in J i adder give no votes fcr Breckinridge. In Arkansas the pros Company No. 11, to C I. Harttborn. at a cost of t3if>. ixcts were that the depoocracy of that State would give a An Ai itAL io ri:<: Baxrvo:KM—In the E»A:I> Cf runthe circumstances he was confident of a triumphant issue of Mrs. Margaret Hagan, who bas received ncliceTrcm th<jfor Douglas; and in chBcilusion he Impressed upon theStreet Iviartmenl that tbe frsme bouse occupied by her club tbe nticsssiiy oftforkirr systematically snd untlr- or. tb< Pne of Figbty fourth street, between Eleventh acdit is high time sow that tbe matter should be acted upon. irpry to bring about siicb a result. • TweMth avenues, avast be removed on or before Mondayfoot. Garabaldi bad r>rt!ered several inhabitants of Me iazzo to be shot for having foright against bim. www.fultonhistory.com 