 (whalers bad gone oat, bat some few were to return to the spring for provisions, cordage, whalemen's supplies, be. The amount of oil aad bone being shipped tar Atlantic ports this season Is estimated at 8,870 barrels of whale oil aad 868,601 pounds of bone—showing a large failing oil from tbe usual amount of shipmentsArrived at Honolulu, November 36, clipper ship web foot, from San Francisco; Doocmbor 4, Clipper snip Aspasto, from McKean Island; called to procure a aew ground tackle, aad would return to tbe aame totoad about the 12th.Sailed from Bonolalu, November 14, whaler Orisimbo, for New Bedford: 18th, whaler Midas, for do ; 34th, atop Jonah Brad lee, for Braker's Island; 80th, ship Webfoot, for Jarvto Island.The ships loading oil and bene at Honolulu and La hauia were about filled up and were ready for sailing.Eleven ss—ra from the bark Carrington, at Honolulu. were committed to prison, Nov. 22, ay order of the AmeWHOLE NO. BS34.=nws FBOM wiiaorcwox.MORNING EDITION-WEDNESDAY, J^ufUAUT 18, 1860.he B*A waa that K**k position waa saperior to that ef the mem OFAROTTERTOTHESENATE aameracetaa^y quarterofthegiobw.*** utacrion or Ma. aowaus AS reixiu,« •••»• f» • ^To? 8*»V having arrived tor taw election of a Prater to **• *•»'«•, Mr. Baoww said ae dki not mtead to vote forInteresting Expose of the Print- £ e avAmee (Mr Buwmen). BewoaM greens) H» 'jrtt was personal to bimar». ia* «£&* •w*rfehtafAaabwat ef> slavery.' A raaaaaaan had been Wabaftfe abossas a Vice President to the ease* coauo- ©tntioiled jusi tsltay.A r r i v a ling Plunder 8chemee.» — • • • . — — • • I I - •ill- '•••••!• ^ • • ^ 1 •Hll«ax lions to reach a vote apoa the plurality rule, and you and j eur friends will not permit that rote to be reached. Every gentleman on (his floor whe supported the previous eer*tk>n voted to order to prevent mo anneitag ft provisowJfcd" t&a, sJiane of a plurality rule. I repeat B, that totafear at to be sssaaaawd ar rsfumtsd. Gah" Mr. BaaoA* approved of the spirit of Mr. Sics lea' reao ballot the previous qaesraar Nt^aveceed to aWICl I f i vllrDBllVl IB 10V •Wfl^W f l i^^D weh taw to ooalrot tbo vote of others, toRMW. ««• hHaarof Mr. Saeed, a prcmiaent oppoattMa gentathmenbat. Be denied the rightufity or majority ta prescribe a rule by which his was impracticable. There waa no mode te onfoi <» it,ft^rrrt— i f Hut SsbMatflntunmnVUrateaofawmsaippt,topanwstaMamaaM.*aa paWwh e w b l l a w a a aMoa, while hwspeech waaexcraawi. Tbotkateaw*retoaeteraunebytheirvotes who was fit or ae*tohe8peaaer,Mdtba*eman*twcaarecer»enmahttton,bet,asMr.Clarksaid,therewasaopracticableway the gentleman from Sorth Carolina avo»«a of its enforcement It addressed itself to the favorable for the purpose ef preveattog nn amendment to eonsjderatioB of members, and If others would consent to thai ihape of a graviso for the plurality rule, and gentlew^fJB^^^gfBF^^BgMwrettttmweww»W|^w^s^n^em"B,W:*n^m^sej^"gj.Jew. 17,Pnater ef the Senate to day ae^ lieser* CrfUendee sadA^DBEW STUART jA-fCAiri M, 1860.racter for integrity. He bad refused extra pay from the three or lour days from this time ITthey havethe will to do the submission of the plurality rule to a vote of this Pennsylvania legislature after the Mexican war, and ex- so. That is all that to wanted. Now as the minoritv throws House. (Applause from the republican benches).posed to President Ptorce, oa a certain occasion, aaat. obstructioES to the way of organizing by means of whatall constitutional parliamentary means. Be would invoke tbo records of the House to sustain him to that assertion; aad what did tbe record say? Thattesapt made to bribe bars while superintendent of Print- Daua 8a—It will aflbrd me ' rr great plaaaure to ing. B e (Mr. Bowman) was vigilant aad anxious to pro- k et the treaaary against pecuJatkm. The CaauaalMee on at half past twarre to-aasrrww. Prmtmg had the fullest confltknee in his integrity. He Tears, Tory respectfully, bed resisted the practice of double composition while haat called dilatory mottoes, intended to consume precious Mr. Wnaww rose to explain. The plurality rate, I the democratic party came forward at the opening time, I want to know 11 the majority of the House baa not believe, to utterly unconstitutional, aad I shall oppose its of Congress with a candidate, unexceptionable to got as much physical endurance as the rntooritv ? All that adoption here by all legitimate means, though at the sasaa ' character aad every tech a patriot; but after several is wanted, on the part of the majority, is a tittle more of time I shall not factiouery oppose it. I will meet that ballots were taken they discovered that they could not that >'by the Eternal" spirit which distinguished and cha question at the proper time; and what I said before oa elect him. They, to a spirit of concession and comprof^sajF MP j f vUafefe effdbE JWtjas eawi*ew^ •fiBgj (NTMl ftooco- grossly misrepresented. Tfcvir nwUrst tad patrtotom•**£*• -0 debate. The most that is cUmeJ for this pre £•"•*• to, that it Isaeoordtog to the oomtiUitional mode "•M'Atog a President by the House in the event of s "•'or* by lbs petvto to sto so, and the mode by wmeb••<•» gf^Mal •JtafiTCrfM Pw BUDlafjshtture last m l , without to sat what bad beenAfrican slave tradeant—-—WHS*. ' « - a w - •r#CeMsitiy %/49pied onMCtUsai r#garditS8ur«lyo«tof order for him to toby the constitution in the event of the failure to elect aQ.W.bargained abaaaaasfbaa, it, but not in reeh a shapeSocha prapaaal was m tlabv rcquired the public printer to work he ihould withhold his Tote on thia ground. great objection to being seat oat ta adraaar by irnum. The fifth objection waa the gravest ofreferred to the action heretofore of Mr. Cungman to sup-port of tfte plurality rule.Mr. Oearm, (rep) of Iowa, said "the Bouse have OHright to aassjnaas the aaassavVy which a Speaker shall be and might select the tallest or the smallest manMr. Mttumr, (dem.) of Va., and Mr. Moan,(dean ) of.«. C .said each a few words against the plurality rule.Mr. Htrronras resumed, asking whether the House willMr. BKAxm, (dem ) of N C , moved that the B o e n Mr. Euot, (rep.) of Mass , objected.Mr. BauMesi said that the House should make an eabrt ta elect to the ordinary way. It waa apparent to the Bouse that Hutchins- resolution could not be voted on for a great length et timeMr. Toetrgixsy (rep) of Ohio, inquired whether Mr. Branch thought that a vote would result ia eleetiooiMr. BIUM* said that he believed not, but that there was nothing bke trying.ai.otii. r ballot for Speaker till I be satisfied that a chang has token place te the mttds of gentlemen on either one •ice of the House or the other—until we first adopt either the plurality rule or some other rule which will be anato gens to It in its operation.Mr. McCtKH5a.M>, (dem.) of DL,said Mr. Hickman's in- solence was unbearable. By what authnrity did the gen- tleman from Pennsylvania apeak as be did? Be was not oae ef tbe democrats, although bo pretended to be. ThaiThe crop of grapes in California was toss this year than to aay previous season since lSes This dimiaaajow was causod by unfavorable weather, the winter and spring frosts, the ravages of the cut worm, and .a generally un favorable summer for the growth of fruit JThere was but Utile doing at tbe Indtoa Creek mines, though tbere are severs] claims on the creek and tts tribu- taries which continue to yield well, aad probably wlil for a year or two longer.Quarts mining k still going ahead. Both the Lsshegon and New York companies are! doing welL Tae Leskegen mine has been toil up for repair* Be-I oa toe part of Mr. Hotchtas, of Onto, to b> a a He charged that while Mr Bowman waa Supertnwn adopt the plurality rule or go without an organizationV A the Public Printing, he. in gross violation of law,Mr WASHM-**, of Maine, asked why the femooretie pretension wss unfounded HTiec was not a democrat, but side of the Bouse would not consent that Mr. Hutcbtot' re a recreant—a traitor to tbe democratic party. (Apptaisei the pmraHty rtle the first thing to d i j , throw th« 'aFtf majority behove this Is a constitutional mode of organis- interested to the public printing In April last ing the House. Sir, I announce and declare here, that toJAMES BUCHANAN waa in omen. He (Mr. BbrJer) then explamod Mr. Bow racterized the Hero of the Hermitage, and this House J» A » B B w STVAST, abq. man's contract with Mr. Weadell, statins that he reaped would be soon organized. All we have to do is that tnthis point I raptsi now. that if you attempt to approach mise,gave op the contest, and selected another man. that question to any indirect manner by resolution I will They th»n presented to tbe House his honorable colleague,say that we "will' —that an organization be at once ef- fected—and we can do i t Toe much ttme has been already spent discussing the question. We have already extended toomuchtimetothe•ntooritytofixuponaproperlineofwatk) them wiaasf he Attorney General (Hack), ad conduct, and they have done nothing. But we have given vising fir Bw make the contract with Mr. Wen- them as well plenty of rope, and they have pretty well what soggssttpas they bad ta dell, which he regarded aa a purely bnamsas transaction, succeeded to hanging themselves. (Loud laughter.) And Mr. Bsjtor asserted that the tow had been observed in to view of the latter catastrophe, all that remains for us to every particular by Ike President aad heads of depart- do. ss a Christian people, is to cut them down, and give them a speedy but decent political burial. (Continued laughter.) Sanatory reasons assessed that wa taketbtooppose it byMr. Wi power.< comes toin my power. General Millson, who oagbt to have been acceptable to theAaoerdlagty, at the ttme appeantad to-day about twenty the supertotendency when be made the contract, hat held the office a abort t late longer to order to superi called upon the President at the White intend, by request Of the Secretary of the Interior, irerycordially,aad contractsfarOjneravtog. Be(Mr.Mar)alsooly)—Parliamentary other side; but they opposed his election also. They se-an parliamentary means in my lected two other efficient add capable men, ta one in- instantfromthedemocrats)Butwhenit stance,particularly,doingviolencetotheirownfeelings1 will meet It, bnt* ill safer it ao for tbe sake ef organizing the Bouse. He would safely dknwfiwsal enf tfee M e w Y erbx.aaid thatttWM, iuluaojHn- for taw House to elect a temporarybat will vote against tt according ta appeal to the country if they could be called a dlaorgaato The Brenv-a aerew steaaeship New York, Captain Yea rule. But when you attempt to pass it ing body. But what had been the course of this self- Saaten, from aVcmaa en the flash aad Southampton ea tbe indirectly I wttl resort to all meaas open to parliamentary styled majority? In the first instaace, they nominated a 38th nit, reached thto port yesterday morning, by way efaction to oppose it. And 1say that, as far as I know the man obnoxious because of bis devotion to the principles Halifax.feeling on this side of the House, you cannot reach tbe of black republicanism, bnt who waa exceedingly obnox- She baa brought oae hundred aad twenty seven yeasea-Slurallty rule to any shape or form till you come out. like ious from tiie fact of bis being an endorser of the tofa- gers.rave, courageous men, and meet the resolution or tbe asoas Helper's book. They recorded their rsmeaatrancn The New York aaaertoaend henry westerly gales tbegentleman from Missouri. When you have disposed ofHtendencies of odors arising from a dead body. teat, then yoa can bring forward your plurality rule, aad gentlemen who are so anxious for the organize lost both her Ufe boats by a heavy cross sea, wbtob atoolaughter) Now, for my part, I am willing to sit we shall meet It, but offer no factious opposition. lion of the House dof Did they present them caused much damage on ber oeok.DSaturday night, a* it be necessary, to effect an Mr. HJCKMAV(resuming)—I do net mistake the position with another candidate? No. They have other gentle- She put tote Halifax on the Utb tost, tor a supply etments. The question of the bargain of Bowman was a He thoaght the plurality rule woald be eaarfft- private one, and one to which the Senate bad no buatoeaslof a repubucaa BpeaAer, te which the to Interfere.precaution, so ae toenail against the deleterious and Janl the psaat at aaaaatara-bie length. Soaae sf aba extractors eadasworad as prere Mr. Hain wished to know If particular newspapers werhimself ss to the bargainsa lbs President that lbs redactions in the mail service to share to tbo plunder thM year, and whether they wouldmade by Postmaster fleaeral Halt, in cutting down canbe the same old ones or a new set rorganization of the House by the will of the majority; and if there are those amongst them who are not strong to health to do the same, I would respectfully suggest tomen in their ranks wbo would be lees obnoxious to them than the gentleman from Ohio, but they would not con cede anything to our wishes, out greased the election o this gentleman upon the House. Why did they not sub-coal, and sailed next day for New York.The news by the New York has been anticipated by berwary, wfttah refskanaakl Mm.Mr. Baows had read the account of General Bowmanagainst that gentleman ae Speakar; but What did the entire voyage ta the Banks, and on tbe 6ta of Januaryaed physjeei'y,were redely anpeaehed, and their causa3 denounced) at of the gallows for avaihag abfjamsgesi ef theUK)Brtsldentafjl Pies PresidentVX!Mi..! watt ?v.\»d here saying that persons who did a car feacy. Mr. Sickles said the problem of orgaatoatkm w*le ante to bo Speakar. There w r e a wulnotbe solved until certain Southern oppositionatts >p men and* to be Speaker. His opta*« was and aaU-*aeompteuite8 as hrougbhto choose beta* o thethat aaj man who pursue* the proetavery jtaRhag policy republican and the democratic Mptoce. He submtttedMr Rasa—For any **te I g*ve wail till the £mc comes Mr. Btcsaux—Ton don't understand ana, >Mr. Bans-*-Yes I da understand jonMr BjCH.ui-lBsy coct'eikd by the ««lHme» of theThe evertoad mall,akime, Malloy 's station thai- aaflt to be Speaker, and so tt any man wb > thUhtoprefsseuon was aeeJogoaTto the plan prescribed South for that na»on, that tho majority ef to* House areat San Fraaetoee reaaatoedthe departure ef the previous mail, aad tbe targe iof vessels doe tended to Increase toe todsmotouen to ope rate. No change is expected until the a»w year epeaa.Tbe ship Franklin, from Bristol, England, arrived at San Francisco on the 84th ef December, wkh flrtoen aua'*£ftn!** railroadirontortbeSscrisiwisValtoyBail- Cnristmas let*.*..... _the people of San Ftanowco on tn*bus) W ,. .i,»t l M I „ Tbe water bad beea rising sinoe the 380 altparty of hw But*, aod therefore oa partj he-waa jerky of issue, m any way the Hswsa aaay aea proper t« abide by it be would do lOwwise. Be suggested that flee satn voted to sustain the previous question. And for thH aot bound to anaaort Mr. Bowman. The tairct otpattaaa adopt, is fit to be Speaker The majolty of the Boufi resolution of Mr Hutebtoa bdVithdrawn, aad that the reason, Iray, they are coatreOedJa their action, aad theywaa that he bad heard aad •tttsfeftt*aad j t t o e uaoi tiiak b!m aafaacaua want aa organisation. The country a sick at heart with House do now proceed to a vote for Speaker.stood cmm.tted ataugfide those who are must ultra to* Arrived at Sea Fraacaoo December 38, ships Rubensfrom Bordeaux: 2dib. Mary Robinson, from »ew York franjUm,from M a w , England; Ncad of tbe Sea, from Boston; aad Golden Eagle, frees New York; bark Yankee, from Honorata, aad steamer 1. L. Slanhea*, frees Panama.Parajgaar,hat doty. He did the orj-an of the aa- b y a u a i a atan was WBM bear. Thethese oratorical and polemic extreawe The House, he said, ceuld be organised by the adoption of the ptoratt- ty rule, the propriety and constitotkmality Of which be proposed to argue —.Mr. Waamvna.of Maine, asked whether Mr. Reagan aad astir toads wouU eoaeent after suchave:c that the resolution be renewed? ^ ^resating this organisation and taking .actum eft any othe questions wntoh stand npon thejoarnaJs of the BouseIs there any necessity for testing aaotber ballot? Are we tofusage day after day in U>is useless, rid .culous s>stem oballoting, * hen we all know perfectly well that the elejfon of ASpeaker is impossible? I foe one shall not fevor setoerere hourly sapaati d.Mr. WMOOU-KIB argued that the otoctton of ft Speaker. n ad- wasaprrvHegedquesucn.and overrides ail others. Be proceed to ft vote dor Speaker..Mitetoeirmfttaton, aa^IBbustoriag t u the order of Mr. Bowman, then being Superintendent of the Public o>y judgment there is a respectable, intelligent and deter solution should be renewed if temporarily withdrawn for oa the democratic side.) Wo disown and repudiate h:<n. fore the stopping for repairs the company crushedfib* day. Mr. Hickman's scattering speec « w t l , u d withoutBdjeujuod In badJB UUe» H f t ttwSefftUS OT SOSeS Ol USSpaying t20,G«Oa year to him as tang as he (Mr. Weoueli) r'ty are actuated by motives similar to those aaaounoed abooti be Public Printer. He (Bowsaaa) received at thethe expressive tonguage of the gentleman from Ala- the public printing. Bat the act of Mr. Bowman was bama (Mr Pug*), who declared that If heeoald have hiasome rock for tbe Cherry * "reek Quartz Company which yielded ever *S2 per ton. Several quarts beds are being opeaed in the neighborhood of uraflvo. Tftey prospect richly but tbere wttl, probably, be little daaa with them tiff next spring.The ffuasiaa corvettes Ryanda aad Nofvok were to leave San Francisco on the day the mail kit, and intended to return home via New York.Tbe Portland (Oregon) A&vtrtUtr of the Tm of D i c e ber, says that the United States steamer Massachusetts, bound to Vancouver's Island, with the soldtars who bad lately occupied San Juan Island, was detained at that port by toe.shall be elected. Bat one mode has beea suggest principles, and now undertook to exercise a censorshiped by any gentleman by which an election can be affair. Tbe Governor is astonished that the war debt efbad. and that to by the plurality rule, and which over the democrats. He stated bis objections to Mr. Sher- the Territory has not been pud by Congress Be states has become a precedent to Congress under circumstances man, but said Mr. Sherman was infinitely preferable to the number of acres of tend surveyed in the Territory at precisely similar to those which now exist bore. (Ap Mr Hickman. (Applause) over two muttons, eleven laccaaad of wmeb have beea ptosee from the republican beaches, aad interruption on Tbe CLKBK requested geattemen to keep order, aad not entered daring the past year by seventy-three am suaeft wan deemed prudes* to adjourn atECYBSTKUTJOXex- but if It was, we should have a decent one. He would to thia House, whom, it to true, I admire for their talent aerer tote saoaey out of the treasury to sustain this and their boldness, bat whose conduct I would not imi-rleketry fjenaSBafaaa. This is net the only money paid out tate, and who have boldly declared that their purpose, Infor papers. He bad heard that the Philadelphia Awtsyt resorting to those means of obstruction andpublican side.meatMr McCuotXA-vp (sternly)—Not a word.A YOKE—" Go to tbe republican side, where yoa be-Printing, aatered into a contract with Mr. Weadell, by mined minority apea this floor, who are net desirous for which the former took the Union establishment, the fetter an organisation: bat, aa the contrary, I behave that thisa voter The gentleman from Pennsylvania imputed what was Mr. BaAKOB replied that a great many gentlemen on false when be said Northern seen are controlled by the democratic aide entertain the opinion that the plurality Southern men. This charge could emaaato oafyrule Is a violation of the consUttttion, and they would from a man who is controlled by and who to tae never give their consent to it slave and instrument of ethers. Mr. Hickman has boxed Mr. RKACUS renewed the motion that the House proceed all the points of the political compass. He first denouncedto an electioa, viva voct, for Sneaker. General Ja;keonThis was objected to by several gentlemen on the re Mr. HIOMJLN asked Mr. McClernand to give way a motime $8,000 oa the contract, which bad direct reference toto make • toM of eaduraace end either gross corruption or gross stupidity. He (Brown) own way be would perpetuate the disorder which at pre- i en aB night M t i n , out so sneeh bod Mood t w did not know whether it was necessary to have an organ, sent rebma here. 1 behere, sir, there to a handful of menvanian bad received $16,000, sad the drew $8,080. IT -letoy, to as a means of keeping the House Senate Brow* Bald Cos*, Mr. Wendell, who did the prating, contributed to these disorganised. There to a class of men hereto ftlow kta to go to worthless, vagabond papers, why might aot the architect who believe that the Bible was given to man, thatpapers SOktatalaf oc- of tberapltol, the stone cutters, *c., be caJtod oa to con- the Declaration of Independence was drawn up and tribute to them. Others might do a* they chose, but he adopted, and that the eoastttutton was formed, for thepaldto Brown while the latter (Brown) weald wash his skirts of taunt dtrty trasdaotana. express purpose of perpetuating and extending the insti-the very petot wmeb we might as well have reached Mr. McCunucuro further spoke of Mr. Hnkmas's al-border ruffians The He knew that it would be said that the offloe was ur.profit tution of negro slavery. These men say that there to a able, and therefore that Mr. Weadell had paid Mr. Bow pubhc sentiment to the free States, and throughout the tarermet Mr. A n y that he man to take H on* bis bauJa. But could be not have got slave States, pervading the whole body pontic, that the only remedy for what they consider the present ills is to a peaceable dissolution of this government. I believe that to the true reason why the House cannot be organ- toed. But what at involved to that ssssattonf We have something like six millions of dollars locked up in the national treasury honestly due to the needy creditors of the government for services faithfully per ormed under raid tow Yirgtoto. He testified that whoa Brown Mr. Bar/wit said a letter on the subject was addressed the plighted faith of the government and the nation, and• 0 toanUana pot to him u rid of it cheaper' The truth was, Mr. Weadell bad beenthe nart of My. Burnett, to whom Mr. Hickman would not to encourage applause to the galleries.yield.) I make it a general rule never to interrupt a gen- Mr. Ptroa, (dem.) of Ya.,said he would employ all tleman to debate unless 1 form the subject of his remarxa, legitimate means to oppose the adoption of the plurality and I do not Intend to submit to interruptions by any gen- rule. He was amazed to hear even the gentleman from tiemac unless be forms the subject of my remarks. That Pennsylvania (Mr. Hickman) undertake to say that thoseHe speaks favorably ef the explorations and labor* of IJens. Mullen, for the opening of a military road from Walla Walla to Fort Benton, on the Missouri river, aad says the explorations have developed large tracta of fine farming toads upon thto route. Be regards thto route as a favorable one for emigrants, for the traaaportatton ef tbe mail and for a railroad.without lift ud of he records. compelled, out of his labor, to sustain this thing—anorgan which waa not oae. He (Brown) spurned and Aray accounted for large sums of money, u d a greal despised the whale ooacern.of arms ratted in 1886 and 1887 to be employed hot BothlBf n i ehcttei from him rjoaeerningMr. H s u , (rep.) of N H , asked Mr. Brown if any member of the government knew of the transaction?to a good rnto, which it would be well to observe.Mr. BrR>arr—I consider myself among the numberwho cannot be paid because we are not in a position topass a bill authorising an appropriation for thia togitimato but whose position here you are mis-stating.purpose. The government is paralysed, the com- Mr. IliatnA>—I do not know that. I do not know thatwho were resisting the plurality rnto were a miserableminority contending against a legitimate majority. Insaying so the gentleman asserted what tbe reoorda of theBouse distinctly contradicted, and that which every in The fatt season waa about over. More than naif the telligi nt man on that floor knew to be false.to Kansas he waa a Quaker, and ooaaequeatly a ta has Attorney General, aad of course he knew.•til Aachtofta developed Mr. Bkts—Did aot one a peg higher than the AttorneyGeneral know?murdered, sad a* own Mr Blown—I cast say.whose position upon that floor yon are attempting to state,Tbe dates from tbe Sandwich Islands are to December 6destroyed by pre slavery moo. 1 M B ho Mr. BKLKR, (dem.) of Pa., entered hia proteat against the fawereace that the President or Cabinet instigated or advised transactions by which money could be impro- aad in the apint of reraago puraued perly taken from the treasury- The pram teemed with that scandal, and it was time that it waa answered. He denied that the President or the beads of departments were responsible for the money paid for printing. TheMr Mnisoa called bis colleague to order. It waa within seriously retarded aad injured, by the continued disor it is not so, and that I do mis-state hia position. his constitutional privileges, as it was certainly constitu-gaataatton of the House, not to thai city atone, hut through • out the length and breadth of the toad, from the coast of the Atlantic to the shores of the Pacific. Men seriously af- fected by our action bare appeal to the representatives of the country, pray iSg of them to adopt aad carry out some plan by which the government may be relieved from theaun.Tweaty of the priactpal mail contractora ta UMr. Perron did not know what vocabulary reeouroas be possessed: but, speaking tbe Anglo Saxon tongue plainly and frankly, he wonld repeat that the statement or thecomajkiCioasw n a rax• asfttkat in this e«y lasof the foltewmgbitant price* hadaooa paid Congress waa responsible, M the prices were all AIM! bylaw. Where, then, was the jTMiincation for these broad imputations an the Presi- eaaafI do not cast say reflections upon my political opponents npon this point, and 1believe it is due to all parties to say that they are anxious that a fair aad honest trial should bo made to obtain, to a proper manner, a majority vote foradopt it because the minority, the Soathen oppositionists, will not organize the House.Mr. BIXKSSMLS rose, hut was assailed by cries of "Or- der, order," "Sit down," from the republican side. Be said—You mistake the position.ther Interruption on the part of Mr. Millson, be proceed- ed]. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has undertaken to present the minority, as be callstt— especially that gallant branch of the democrats of the North who co -operated with tbe Southern opposition 'has undertaken to present them as having taken an attitude of factious, contuma-ta graft 'at which it will he your plea- ferred la Mr. Bowman, say sag he bad known kirn for gistoUvo experience, l a m free to say that I behere the House are Determined to resist, by all parliamentary means. This being the case, they felt not only warranted twenty years aad that he always bore aa excellent cha- majority here have the power ta organize the Bouse to means, and,as the declaration went, by all other means, but compelled to resist the attempts ef that minority byCaptain BusesII. of the bark Ionia, wmes from Kawai hai that tbe ship Ocean Express arrived from Jar vis Is land, October», aad sailed again en the 36th. AJ well.B.T. Nichola, late Brtoah Consul at Honolulu, died ea board tbe ship PtaarrO, eat ream for BremenTbe Bttdaen Bay Company to about withdrawing their agency from the Sandwich Islands.Mwm»AxxTw»l off the Anglo-Uaxoa. PO*TLAXI>, Me , Jan 17—11 P. M.As yet there are no signs of the steamship Anglo-Saxoa, now about doe here, with Liverpool dates of tbe 4thtaI bave, tbatyoawlU mdfcate anany gentleman's position—I say that a declaration has aad bis friends are in the minority, and tt to they whobeen made more than once, and by more than one gen have endeavored to effect then* objects by all useless, un rtoaa Consul, far refusing to perform duty.law asperated the matter entirely from them. lr exor- disorganizing tendencies which prevail on this Uoor. Now,Mr Bftow* aaad the Senator drew largely on his ima- Speaker. But mat vote cannot be obtained; and than the gination. He (Mr. Brown) had said nothing about the next proper mode is to organise by adopting the pluralitymerce, enterprise and industry of the country to being this is the position of the gentleman. I sincerely hopeof gentlemen on that side. I say again, that aeoordtog to your own declaration you are determined that the mo- ment that the plurality rule presents itself to resist it byown report telegraphed from Halifax. Later advtoea law. The faslissstsr General robes upon aelause in-' what this contract of General Bowman's was, then be ooaatttaetiefes, and let the people send somebody else who i Mr. Wixsunr—By all the parliamentary means we can stitute some other gentleman? The gentleman from Ohio have been bad by the arrival of the Hungarian, the Euro•recti made by bis predecessor, are withoat asactisn of General Bowman's letter was read.Mr. BROWX thought that if Secretary Thompson knew them Ghat it would be better for them to go home to their aQ the means m your power.sarted by the departaaeat to all mail contracts, wh^chaays mart have advised Bowman to violate the tow; but be did can. (Laughter.) I have no fears of the dissolution of resort to. (Mr. Oorwto), or the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. be abaB have the privilege of reducing the service when- did not think the Secretary did know of K. He cared not the Union. The body politic has no fears on this Mr. HICKXXK—I am wining to take tbe declaration Adrain), If they were tbe conservative, Union lovingpa and tbe Jura.erer the pubilc mUiream rwjnire such daronttnaanoa. To many arguments the contractors aaawered tr General, for twenty four fears, since She tew organising the Post Omce Department ta 1836. baa ever construed that clause in the way it is now construed by Mr. Holt. The Presides* hstenea throughout with greet attention, asking pertinent questions, taking aotes, aad at every wmy aaaabVating hia deep interest The VrealdeBi said the House would have been organised be- fare this if the republican oaadidate for Speatsr had notwho advised Bowman. He charged Mutt Bowman had hesd. I know what the great body of the represcuta under the lnattatir n and restriction which the gentleman mtn they would wish the country to believe? No, they violated the law by being Superintendent of Printing trres of the stove States, who assume to be the now Imposes upon tt. He will oppose it by all parlto- pertinaciously adhere to this gentleman, against whomF i r e Am P h i l a d e l p h i a . PmiaPKLrBu, Jan. 17, I860.sentiments of the Helper book, j Be sag-! be substituted for Mr. ffliaman there woald be no objection to allowing him to be ejected.Ma doubt the depetattoa of mail oufttraeawp to-day icnaapaabw who have earned over half of thecommissions He must hare violated the law knowingly esse through this contest, and any who entertained am 1 repeat it, their declaration is this—that although at any to force upon us a gentleman against the indignant protest and deliberately. expectation of thatjaort must have been greatly disap- moment it may be made manifest that a large majority of the majority. We the major ity are resisting that etoc-ed by insurance.B o a r d o f T e n C o v e n t o r s .Tbe usual weakly meeting ef the Board ef Attnefeouse Governors took place yesterday—President Ptokney towhile he had an interest to the public printing, and if the advisers of a practical form of action, will effect at theEarly this morning a fire broke out to o five story brick Umoa loving men of the North, had been obliged to enter building, to the rear of No. 18 Chestnut street, occupiedPresident and Secretaries advised him to continue to tost. We know that there Is a set of political doctors ta office, knowing the contract with Wendell, they advised the free States who are applying Union plasters to the.mentary means of resistance, such as dilatory motions. Mr. WWSLOW—Yes.the representatives of the South, and the constitutionalIt was expedient and aalu Mr. CURS, (A. L deea.) of B. Y.,sald*lBw^p\^«tt*t k e ' e a T n e e t ^ a W M ^Mr. BAUMW had no author ity to speak for them.Tbe weather was favorable, aad quite a number ef vesMr. HKK»U5, (A. h. dem.) of P a , obtaining thefloor, said—We have now come to a dead lock, long."four weeks ago, as reach it now, to face of the de- leged political inconsistencies, and said the totter was a termination, plainly and distinctly expressed, that a follower of Seward and a supple instrument to the handsan official protest Tbe reason that tbe other side would as a factory by T. H. Peters k Co., manufactu- htm to violate the saw. If the Secretary of the Interior body politic; but I do not confess to have much knowledge Mr. IIiCK*us—Culls of the House, motions to adjourn to not fall back upon any of those other men, but perti rers of fancy articles; and extended to the brownetoae advised Bowman, knowing the Casts, he denounced his of the healing art, bnt I wonld suggest to those Union a particular day, and so forth, involving an endless chain nackrasly obtruded their first candidate before the House, mate building an Chestnut street noth buildings, withadvice, notwithsuinding bis long friendship. doctors that the most effectual application of their plas of parliamentary tactics I believe, at last, it comes to * was, that they might impart an additional sting to per- their contents, kre almost entirely destroyed. The sor Mr. BKHKR claimed that General Bowman had not vio- ters must be by placing them on the places where the the same thine identically: an opposition to the plurality sonal insult. The election of the gentleman from Uhio (Mr. roundtog properties were saved from serious damagedisease is known to exist. It may be true that a plaster rule against the majority of the House by the gentlemen Sherman) would but intensify aad Inflame the lamentable Tbe loss of Peters k Co. is about 860,000, but to coveredlated the law at afl.Mr. FITCH, (dent >of Ind , wished to absolve the Attorof the Souther* opposition and the Northern democracy, astate of agitation and excitement which prevailed at the by insurance The buildings were owned by Joseph Natt, ney General from any collusion to the matter When ho (laughter), and vice versa; but I rattier fear that such a Strty intermingled on the Southern side of the South. The election of such a man would be a portentous whose loss is 816,000. also covered by insurance. E. W.ouse. Y ee, sir , the Northern democracy, representgave his advice he supposed that General Bowman bad not the case. I say It is high time that this House was tog Northern constituencies, honest constituencies. omen, which, with Seward as a candidate for the Presi Carryl k Co., manufacturers of silver ptoted ware,a few weeks only, and did aot to that time settle With that view I more the previous question. any accounts ootaected with the public printing.mocrscy? Have I not the right, has not every gentleman spect I do not want to appeal to the tribunal to which on this floor the right, to interpret the constitution as he the gentleman tries these cases. I have made a declara-The following standing committees for tbe year were announced —Ommittee tn dTmrtenaa -Governors Smith, Tewnaend Commute* ew aVaWae Somttai —Governors Breumagbaasen, Lynch and Gunther.Committee m Guy Cemetery—Governors Gunther. OtivtrThis $28,000 was not given to Bowman exclusively. In this contract nothing was said of the printing fortheSen- but It wss executive work of that character which be sent out sf the district Waa this voting moneyout of the treasury?Mr Baowa- explained that he complained because theMr. Wnraiow, (dem.) of N. C., and others objected.Mr. DavmaoK, (dem.) of la., moved a call of the House.Decided to the negative by three majorityThe CUEBXsaid the question recurred on seconding the demand for the previous question.understands it, and give it such force and effect as bat interpretation admits of?Mr. Mnxacot claimed an opportunity to reply.Mr. HicxnAn—I will not yield.Mr. Mnxsojr—Did you refer to meMr. Htcsmax—No: my remark had reference to Mr.tion, and I will stand to tt, and if there be a doubt of its truthfulness, tt can be determined by a tribunal where the sense of the country will be recognised.Mr. PXTOBrose to explain. Bs assured the gentleman Sam Pennsy lvaaia aad the Bouse that nothing was hir- er from his thoughts than tbe Idea evidently ta the gen-to the head may check the spread of diaerse in the heelorganized, and say further that the creditors of the have come here and now stand boldly and dency, would end to the destruction of the Union. We had their stock damaged by water to the extent of Mr. BnowN had no doubt of it. But this did not absolve country have a right to demand that the House be orga- trnbhiebingly on the ground assumed by certain gentle- are to the majority against tbe plurality rule aad against 88,800. Warren, Mfekey k Merrill, gas fitters, lose 88,000. that Mr. Oorwia would be safe, aad (hat if be Bowman, who knew that be was violating the law of the ntoed. by whatever coastitational means may be open to men of tbe South, and say that under no form ef circum- Sherman by thirty odd. (Cries of ••Try it" from the re Several ethers suffer alight loss by tbe water. Tbe entirecountry. He mqst have known It if he could read his us for that purpose. I did aot expect to get with flowery stances wiU they permit tbe plurality rule to be voted on. publican benches.) You of the minority have attempted loss Is between 878,080 and 880,000, and tolhojtly coverMr. DAVIS, (dem.) of Miss., thoBeht his colleague was pointed. I am opposed to night sessions, as likely of this House will vote for the adoption of the plurality led away by his feelings. One would suppose that some to lead to tows, but having come here in the hope of rule, yet to the face of that overruling majority a vote flagrant act hid been committed. The law Is that the peaceably discharging our duties, we are anxious peacea-Superintendent of Pubhc Prtottag shall aot be interested bly and quietly to maintain our rights, the constitutional upon it shall net, under any circumstances, be had. Whowe shall continue iby ail constitutionaliof cartmoatas issued by the PostOmce De to the public prlnttog. A newspaper had been transferred righto of our constituents, even If it should be at the risk Is tt that declares this? It is a party which calls itself thebut whsss aiCBSSlllis have compelled them i them. They have creditors everywhere i West, aad wherever a coach m nowa great army of men aad fbrlaetrto Bowman, to wbomdl waa of no consequence where and sacrthCe of our lives. Now, let as on this side, I say, democracy—the democracy of the North. Now suppose just Weadell got the money. The money could not have been have a little more nerve, a little more spirit, and there is that certain gemtiemca believe that the plurality rule is rackymade while Bowman retaincu his place as Superintendent no (ear but the House will soon be organised. I now unconstitutional, what does that amount tov Am I to per-of Public Printing The purpose of the tow was to pre- move that the Bouse proceed to ballot for a Speaker riwi mit the gentleman from North Carolina, or the gentlemanvent corruption on the part of the Superintendent. lathis twee, and that the person who shall receive the highest from Virginia, or any one else, to instruct me as to whatcase it is shown that Bowman remained to offloe namoer of votes be declared the Speaker of the House. the constitution of the United States means, and to compel for all, that no attempts ot thto kind win make me forget number admitted during that time being 1,882, and thesegauaa^n^n^^eau^aB^^M—— * ^sw*H ERALD.i. ft-^XXT Ran airato ittorrunted, but Mr Hickman, who weinonot yield,co<tir.u^a —Iwouldnetnderanyess si.:ei a ton do injustice fo any gentleman, but 1willthat gnfrmta acflBf with the Southern"'"PRICE TWO CBNTS, HEWSFROMTIEPACIFICThe gentleman from Yirgtato who hasthought proper to raise a question of ve- the chair.me to comply with their interpretation of kf Is that de what is due to propriety, or lose sight of my own self-re- discharged, died, Ac , numbering 1,188.Mr. WntSLow raised a point of order.man who did the work got twentx thousand dollars less Mr. Borsrox. (dem.) of Ala., contended that the reso- Gamett I say that we have reached this point under tleman's mind on this subject. The tribunal be had re aadhtatoney.than the law allowed him, and this sum went to the man lution was not before the Bouse, not having been read by democratic control. We have reached to a point when ferred to was tbe record on the journal of the Bouse.Cemssfffge oa OUy Pritora—GovernorsWm. T. Ptokney. P o j p o a n d B m k h ^awd_Qaered Cryaew djp-lest—Governors Dagro, Oliver iCbjaftftlsi e/CtoyVriais florwnofs Ohver,Ijack andSmith 'Oammitiet m fbrim.—Governors Lynch and Dugro. Qaaeaaaej on island sad abtaatoas Bbeaatol Governorsark* aid nothing.Mr. DAVB explained that it wag aot a matter of legislatheClcrk. _The Ousts remarked, as several gentlemen had object-a democratic minority, disregarding tbe win of tbe ma- jority, says to them that they snail not, under any cir- cumstances, manitest and declare that will. This can manifestly mean but one thing, everything which has transpired here for the tost five weeks means but oneMr. HiauuK—The gentleman ought to be more guarded and circumspect to ate tonguage, for when Southern gen- tlemen made use of such language, it could only be con- strued the one way. Once for all, I say I will not at nay time hereafter reply to any remarks of the kind. What cause have I given for it?Mr. BISSTHTITS Yen deserve ttMr. Bsmaun—1 wttl refer to thto subject no longer, bat a-Ui say that it is no way to meet arguments by going into personal attacks.Mr. MCRAS, (dem) of Msss., said be could not undertake to settle the question between Messrs. Hickman and Pryor. He concurred entirely with his friend from South Carolina (Mr Keitt) that all such questions should be settled out side of the House.Without concluding bis remarks, he gave way to a mo- tion to adjourn, which prevailed.tton whether this man got too much or too little. Bethought the question of the associate editor had nothing form—Is the motion of Mr. Hatchtos to order? to do with the matter.Mr. Baowa aaw be objected to a man not asjtarafcasd the editor of the organ of the democratic party.og colloquy ensued between Mr. Davis and Mr. as to the soundness of the abnatMamaa tost year.Mr EAIM said he hoped to get some light on the subject, bat had about given up. Be, therefore, moved to adjourn, but the motion was objected to. It wss withdrawnMr. Ctar, (denv)of Alabama, and that if the election •d at this time he should not vote forthe matter eboald be investigated, and ottered thai a coaasaittee be appointed toof tofalry should hare Bow.and kaow- it is said that the It then, yet he did know s i l t laved to the resolution, he would put the resolution to thisMessrs. RJUUKH, (dem.) of Texas, and BAJUUDALS, thing, aad bears but one interpretation—that to, that(dem.) of Miss., severally contended that all other pead lag questions must first be disposed of before acting onthto House shah aot be organised—that now tbe Reign of Terror has commenced, and that disunion te budding aad btomcBitag, and, it may be assumed, will short-Mr. WA-HBVIW, (rep.) of Me , briefly argued that the ly bear fnmV (Applause from the republicanno right to entertain any proposition except benches.) Gentlemen talk of acting fairly andthe ejection of a Speaker. legitimately; but such to new cut of ttme andMr. Cams asked whether Mr. Reagen would vote to mason. No question baa been raised here which hasGunther, Lynch aad Wm T. Ptokney.ewOat-JDkerMaioney andWss. T. Piaklay all pending propwitions on the table so as to have a clear course4Mr. B o n i s replied be had no authority, for hia friends pending qucstions matt first be disposed of, and asked Mr Washburn, of Maine, whether be did not.prior to Mr. Backs' election, vote for certain resolutions; Mr. Hocmom wanted to refresh bis reooliection.Mr. Wisnrmr had ao doubt that the onlywas the eleotioa of a SpeakerMr. Bcaawrr, (dem.) of Ky., wished to be informedbow Mr. Washburn would dispose of Mr. Montgomery's resolution declaring Mr. Oorwto temporarythe other propositions pending tMr. Wusunma; replted-A motion to proceed to the eiection of a Speaker takes precedency over all others.Mr. BrxAsrr referred to the records to show that prier to Mr. Banks' election Mr. Washburn voted on a series ofresolutions offered by Mr Dunn, declaring ghatholding certain pootical senthnButo waa net i t to bePtmUmtUry—Governors Dugro, aW .Be did this to shew Mr. Washburn'sreplied it was not Important whether he oondact which aba totter In mysupport will prove available, and declare thatcracy of Minnesota will uphold the Chartettoieeaw^awWe*ei EJSJ Ulan* W » Am flTT^gfftWeBwsejnue as^awsm^Be^^wajajgates to vote for Douglas until the majority decide oiber- wtoe, was voted down by thirty-eight majority.Tfee ——-«~-- t .iffiitw saw*tfeeden of the Workheaws refused to receive them.ef theerowdedpekUtof the election and until agT/^^w^a^^gm. ^ ^ TM ^^pw^sw^wem •^a^oe •Jaaw-»^r~ ^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New Yorknot. but it was important he should befactoruy ovptato to shall not be organiseatr.rUnn,(4mu)of M. T.-Let cracy speak for '"mittee en these laatttattoi A bB of 8644 for bn ftof npprovteg a Mil under these afor brandy, and ot paid. Thee* bills tog,« which the a year for each <^ ISKteto buildtag the:been to order at any time, according to tbe opinionof gen-ie. Every proposition which has been madeiba question now standing on the journals ofdispose of the by the other side. Is therehere who presumes to say that the motion i Bouse has been opposedthree ar four weeks ago. to correct the journal, toordar? Why was 1 not allowed to reach that voter Ieayit Jabui a part of the programme of action, that ao veto shell be bad, aad that thecvfanfeatian of the House shall not be even approiimated to. Ihaveoffered te throw everything 1 introduced upon the Journals sway from tt. I have offered to have a vols taken upon the resolution of the gentleman from Mtoftourl, and to go on to the ccaatderation of the plummy rule. railing tbe disposal ef that question, bnt every time I made that proposition the opposition to it was repeated. I am, under these drcumstaaoes, constrained to entertainthe opinion that they only express she solemn on that side of tho Bourn, of tbe Southern and, what I more secret, of tbe Northern dgro aad W. T.$ Wand Bsi in lime Oliver, De ernors Townsend, Smith and 8mah, Lynch andl^rrenuw Lvnoh, CBrer aadtheirIT.ltffO.not even get.Mr. HK*ttAa-No doubt If there are any who haveoaetothcy Ic^ilhickawTruelto the new ranks than they oould>t on the other side. (CI ahail act attow aay remarks of thatfrom Uto object I have to view, teeendkton of Uttap, .xtottog bete s a* the* are bttSKreet, aagard gii fbimia • ! • are driven t» •metof » piad upon. un,Untitled DocumentmmXWmilmmmtMBS&~'m 13069TbeWayne and Chicago Railroadty tbe Cnned eutee Dattrtot Court at i.Wm. M Ofdeu was then sworn _www.fultonhistory.comof pottage, which they did878 for'1,1 or**r*?if-- tiw kewateet•'•Tbe menage of Governor Gohtoon. ef Washington Ter ritory, delivered en tbe 17th nit,to very severe apoa minority upon this floor have resolved that no Speaker ef tbe republican party. He bad betrayed ail parties aad (.< neral Scott for the concessions made to the San JuanThere is an expression of this kind—it to not new here—that the plurality rule is the only rule by which, to allappearance an election or Speaker can be had, will notbe allowed to be submitted to a vote of tho bouse. Thatis the position now occupied by that side of the House adetermination come to that the majority, who, thoughthey wish to adopt this rale, shall not be permitted to gentleman (Mr. Hickman)'was false. [After some far-Mr- HicxJtAS—I state now, and I state it distinctly, sorule. But H is said that if the plurality rule be proposed that there may be no more mtoappreberjsioa here or else cious, Ulegitimate resistance to tbe rule of the majority.Mr. rbarsa had no desire to do the Senator injustice He questions of order will he rained, and other obsta-had alluded mora particularly to the general clamor on cles thrown in the way, by which tt appearsthis subject. He then continued Ma defence of the Presi- that a minority of members can keep this Housedent sad the brads of departmcata, after which he re- disorganized to all time to come. Now. without any te- tleman on this new, that gentlemen on that side of the parliamentary, and. ta Ms judgment, anconat^waaalwhere, and I do not design, as I do not desire, to mistake On tbe contrary, we are the majority, and that gentlemantionally to bis power, to be severe to his remarks, without being unparliamentary. Believing that his (Mr. Pryor's) last remark was nnparlisntentary, be called him to order.From the statistics of the week, which were read, it dtotinctiy stigmatised tbe statement made appeared that the number to the Institutions at present tt Mr. HicxifAH—I understand tt ao. I wtob to say, once 8,812 -an increase of 164 since tbe tost meeting, theMr.by you as false.T h eS t a t e Coat r e m -Oliver.Gofenters TownaCmcAQo, Jan. 17,1880. The Mranrsnta Democratic State Convention met at St Paul on Thursday for the purpose of sleeting delegates totbe Charleston Convention.Resolutions ware passed endorsing the QactoftsJ plat-**£a w e ^ ^ " k -(iunther .Tbe fortnightlyform and the Bred Scott dectoton; opposing tbe openingor the African stove trade; denouncing the Harper's Ferryinsurrection, and declaring for Stephen A. Douglas as theirfirst choice for the Presidency. The resolutions instruct EnUeTrf'Sa toatttttosp'to tbe WorahooaeTbut the War the Charleston delegates to vote for him as tongaed and spprjored."(Ml »w > .Lovm.,Mm. IT, ltwa. San FtaftctogsHdates at Urn JfehmaWon StffUtt—&>\ ernors Maloaey, W. B.:except that tbeoee ba th« otnerj."»WmUmmajmwml 1»t*U iceme* pie ef tbe free abfiBtr: *sJy,'iredely, he might say TttvirprtactolekafidsatafiAJbaekthe entire road. k*oonjreiB e wiU arrive harp ibis cT satg andThe rnited SttOessteamer Hartford, CaCaptou 1. ivbdea 