 10THJ»T«r-SIXTH COSQBUBM.ftcsuan*.Wjusa.««ro», June a , H4*.The denote net »l BIB* o'etoek.The reeding of the jewae! occepted half as hew. Kract murderer or lawless miscreant that ever degradedens, ( n p ) of Mat*., pretested a setitton of the roctoty of the nattrn. in, aetwrdiug to our system, en- titled to a fair and impartial trial, according to the lawsestablish ths known feet that this statement of the Chief JustiesfcjiirifcctrywerifNaded. That it sever was m- tended by the framers or the cousUUUm that these laada should be given away by Congress is manifest from tnemaehiarry, and the enapwyBaent sjtosjjssf readers, _ ^ to ibnuescs my panties. i. ;*. 1siways have bees aad 1M <4 Masear hnsetta pngrtcg for tbe repeal «f the Ka- ( * • • « M a r e l a w , t b e l a t e r - C t t a t e s l a v e t r a d « , a a d t h e p r o - kib uea of slavery is the District of Columbia He asked that it mr.hi ley on the table, and it was ao or-jred.of the huid, sod it *o,ld bo dc nied a chovik to pubic j u r t i e e a n d d i s r e g a r d 0 1 o u r l a w s , a s s t r i k i n g a t t h e f o u n - datu.ae of society. to permit evi n swh a character as that to he tried tn the manner in whi--h the President of theAuited rHates has t>**ti tried and condemned. If the President has violated the hw, he is liable to impench- aneit. If he traimiend* la duty in any resp-'ct h«i isthe United fctates, associatiag the power orer the terri- tory, in this respect, with the power over movable or personal property—that is, the ships, arms or BBanHiess of war which then belonged in common to tbe State eove-Ft'ifflll 4'fi *'The question is still clearer in regard to the public landstis respective trade. It shaU D-> the duty of the said irfrmc of printing and hui.insg to ui^ko ofct and deliver to the said Superintendent monthly < Litcmonta of t:.uwefk done in their respective department*, together with •ninthly pay roils, which shall coutam the mimes of the pereons 1 mpl. yed. tbe rato of coB»f»eo**tfc>n and amount due to each, slid the s e n ice tor which it shall be due. They shall aiso make out estimates of tho amount andYiiluai fr. iv envetof ptr.fh'• •• • i i . . r , - ! U . e.fcWJ be lakes up. Agreed to.Mr YCUEB oOtred an asModinast, that the Postmaster•eoeral bs authorised to edrertiea for proposals for traas porting the BtniM to California overbad on t i e c«LiraJ routs within twenty day, and sa las Bsrtaers route, from 8t. Paul to the Bsues, Oregen; and that ha be also authorised to contract far a temporary steamship service on the most expeditious ocesa route to California. The at latent was followed with a proviso that the Butter V . J route ccctractarr have permission to change their rente between primmest points.Mr Wiuwii, (rep.) of Mast., hoped that this proviso would so withdrawnMr. W:uu* commented on the manner in which the aad heA Did grar.t.cg rrl.cf to Harriet P. Wyman, widow of Captain ft. mas W. Wyman, post captain m the naval ser- vice of the l nlted Males.m y , removed.1 . — evrtutrrn*BMI ocean mjill contract to California was madem * •« at 11.*.1,IM mm hag hoes his PO- custody. - position than ever before, illustrious as hat been his po- IsHins before tbe country. N'ow,sir, as I remarked, there I An act to establish a mail six times a week from shcrn-m ao time to discus* this question. 1 therefore move to tnento, m California, to oiympia, is the Territory of Wash-ant Judicial departments. For tb04»ii>raoul of tho workand materials there shall be advanced to the said Superin-tendent, from time to time, as the public service may re- , AkMBdcr P. Wtlbsr, pf New Me»ico, ts lie Surveyorwas ojtracts._ to the making of any more steamship eon- fast service. JThe contract m that Instance was^autedlhst the lowest bui was made bvJoasv Vina*liruanttee, reported a bill for the esubiisnm'uit of aThe ship .Saladin sailed from Valparaiso for I/>ndon on the 17th of February, 1S44. having on board a cargo of guano and copper, and $8,600 in »{>ecie, aud manned by officers and crew consist,..1; of fourteen men. The next intelligence of the .'alauin in connection with Uiu voyageyears, in steamships built m the United Stales.Mr Puneu, (dem.) of La., obj.-cted to the bill, and itwan laid over.TBI: PAT OS TH1C LATE R3UT0R BSOTnUCICThe bill to pay the assignee of tUs late oeuator Brode- r.'k tbe salary due bim at the time of bu death, was parsed. .THS pour omen DSTicmsnr mix PAS*KD.A message was received from the House that it re-Mr. SHBKSAN reoealed that there were so nuuiy Senate HIMma... iii* cou.iiig acre at this late huur, mat the House ;r.ght to reject the bill.The House refnued to stipend the rules to consider the Subject—04 ugainst i9—not two thirds.SO tlTKA LO3U'K.\M.»T10.N KOK T!« 31 BOKBiSATK OFUCKRS OFTHK Hol'SB.Mr. BABIIITT, (rep.) of Pa., offered a resolution providing4. This bill will prove unequal and unjust in its opera- tion, because, from its nature, it is conhaed to one class in the States of Florida, Louisiana and Missouri, and for of cur people. It is a boon exclusively conferred uponBoon afterwards boarded by a party of men from the British war steamer tender Fair Rosamond, (if the orfgi- ralcrew of fourteen, bin six remained ou buvrd, aad from the statement ot"the latter the others either died or were knocked overboard m a gale. After an ex- amination of the vessel, the discovery of sus-talional, and will it fail if b* should r.-it think proper andeipcdieEt to regard this Jesigtatiou? are questions whichshall reeei\c bis serious consideration, beesuse on tins General, and for other purposes.Ution of the law. 80 we expect every private citizen to ttaad resjwacibie to the law—rerponyible to Its rtgorcus execution but we have guaranteed to the cit.zen the right of trial according 10 the laws cf the la.-.l.sa I if a mua rohbsd hat aeighbvr or committed murder it is not expected that he may be taken np by a mob, or other m •crm.-.l body sf men. trtei by bis acciMra, seotenc^d byrepairs cf certainTSE ronr BOCTB K U .Mr Yrunt, (dem ) of Fla .asked thai the Poet Route liable to charges, and itpmt charges or proofs mads suffi-C<Bgrers has no power to appropriate the money witn which these lands were purchased, is it not clear that the power over the lands Is equally limited f The mere con- version of this money into land could not confer upon Con- gress new power over the disposition °f land which they had not tjossessed over money. If it could, then a trus- tee by changing the character of the fund entrusted to bis care for special objects from money into land, might give the land away, 1 r devote it to any purpose he thought proper, however foreign from the trust. The inference is irresistible that this land partakes of the very same cha- racter with the money paid for it, and can be devoted to no objects difiercnt from those to which the money could have been devoted. If this were not the case, then, by the purchase of a new Territory from a foreign govern- ment out of the public treasury, Congress could cnlarp their own powers, and appropriate the proceeds of thofrom time to time, us it nuy be needed, and shall Clark's fr. Beili '•" st-t'siii.to V Reciter ef tba reoeipt for the fume to the Superintendent. Limd Office at I., e.\, . f.'lscurwjr, reappointed.And the wild foremen shall be held accountable Rnjamia l*vi<- 'i 'SMiuri, to be Superintendent of for all materiaU s« received by them: Provided Indian Afiairs ic, u •. i tor; of Utah, vice Jacob Fcr-will depend whether the waterworks shall be arrestedfor another season. He uow desired to express nooption, but this question shall he carefully considered if buoys, A. '.it becomes necessary. An act for the relief of Thomas R. Livingston.An act for tl:J r'litf of Uiu Missionary Society of ihe TUB rSJSIDKXT'S PKOTBNT. Method ii: t Episcojal ( !...n !i.Another message from the ITcstdcni recapitulated the Au act graiiiiUfc' mi :..va!.J Pension to Rcriah WrigM. ofpublic lands within their respective limits "which havebeen subject to sale at private entry, aud which remainunsold utter the lapse of thirty years." This provsrtou foreign shore and declare his intention to become a citizen Court of the Lnited *ates in the district in which the three year olds, at Savajnali, Ga., distanciiisi u toe se- < mbrai es a present donation to tho States of twelve mil- shall receive a farm or <ine hundred and sixty acres, at a tiefaulting exuitractor resides; and to enahl" the Solicitorlion two hundred and twenty-nine thousand seven ban- cost of twenty-rive or twenty cents per acre, if he will to do so, the said Supcrintendcm shall report to him thegTi ur.ds of hi? protest of March last against the proceed- ing- i-i. lir the Covode Coininitti.-e, the chcrges against h.m tte.i.g vague and cxpnss.-l m oquivocal terms. Ho did Lot for a moment c.1U.1U..1 a doubt as to the re-New York.An act ejrautiiip an invalid pension to Ezekiel Jones.An act lor the reli fol Miel M. Smth.An ad for th" relief of Prist •- Hut. him.An act trranting a pension lo James AiexaiiJer,an invalidbul considering this is not to be paid until the end of five when applicable to i>ersons of foreign birth recently or publications the ,-ainc was used, to the Secretary of An act to incorporate the Ka.n Washington I.i'i-ary As- years, it is in lacI reciucd to about eighteen cents per arrived on our shores, tiiere is no such restriction. Such the Interior, at the end of each aud every li-cal year.cond heat bis only tMr.jietiUir Suck*, in 151, 1:6'."^. At New Orleans, April J, he won the lu-t stake, four mile heals, beail.ig Biunie Las.i:, !.:^zic Mac- (i'tiild, La Vaiieto and a liily by iii>c. » .u 7.46, 7 iV)i- H* WM b-ali-u at C.i.ir,. -'..', ,-v 11., in tin-Hutchinson Stak s, by his old op;, .iiei.t Socks, iusult. Its did nit bblieve it poasiblo that there existeda man who could basely perjure himself. Tbe proceo-liugsof u.e i'.Kuae, he rei^'ats, were violative of the rights of aeo-ordinate branch i f the government, and which, if enforced, would establish a dangerous precedent. TinHoc**- ha.! at ted without constitutional warrant, acid la a Benevolent Society, of Washinirtoa city , 111 the Disirici of man. >r lending to degrade the Presidential office and rea- Columbia, approved July 20, 1S42.. the a» fiiiil .-•' til'T this bill decs r.et make an absolute bill makes a distinction in favor of such persons over na- the paper used for the purposes of the ^nvernm^nt uiu! -r 14*;.,—1473t- At the sanio mevtinx he bcti 11 .mio tti<>D; but tli«' price is so snia'l that it can scarcely he tive and naturalized Citizeus. When applied to such cit:- this act. and shall report the amount of each class ecuri a Mile. It is uom.ually twenty five cents per acre; 2:111s. it is ctnfii'ed to such as are the heads of families; but sunicd in said printing establishment, and in what works Fal: w in a match !ia s-2.600, two In.!" h i!-. oi 15 47—however, was silent as to the contradiction. He says thaton.y SCLII despatches were published as could reflect onhut character, thus iuflicting most ttagraul injustice, andthai c iJcrent versions were givouuf privaujconversationsInterior estimated the revenue from the public funds lor ami such further information as may 1K> within his .know-when there was uo opportunity to refute them. Meiutiers army for the year euding June 00, 1861.of the Cabinet aad others were sumiuoned to Au act to authorize divorcts m the District of Columbia,discover, if possible, soiutihing to his discredit. and for other purposes.Ihsa^poinied applicant--, for office, becoming bos- An act for the relief of Josiah Atkins.tde to the administration, apppeared before tbe An act for the relief of Philip II. Holmes and Williamthe committee. These were roost dangerous witnesses. Pedrick.The committee spread a drag net over the whole Union to An act for the relief of Chauncey W. Fuller.catch disappointed men willing to malign his character. An act conurming certain land entries, under the third The tyrannical Star Chamber was not worse than this. section of tbe 3d of March, I806, entitled '-An act makingThere has been nothing like itsiacc the revolutionary appropriations for tho service of the Post Office Depart- days of Kobespiem. Should the proceedings of tbe com- ment during the fiscal ydtrfending June 30, I860."Au act for the relief of Eben 8. Hanscomb.Sec. 10. And bo it further enacted, that neither theSuperintendent nor any other oliieer to be appointed underthis act shall, during his continuance iu office, have any ure. He was bred by Joiin B. Clay, of Keiit'ky. .UKImittee be sanctioned by the House, the constitution willhave been violated aad the Executive be no longer an in-pendent branch of tbe government, and the worst ftearsof the early patriot and statesman will have been rea-lised. He reiterates the power under the impeachment An act for the relief of Margaret Whitehead.clause, and that it was sought to convict him in the ab- An act to confirm certain land claims in the Territory of sence of ail proof. In the name of the representatives of New Mexico.this great people, and standing on the ramparts of tho An act to confirm private land claims in the State of ceujtuaiioo which they ordained and established, he Missouri.Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, that if the said Superintendent shall corruptly collude with any per^mlor persons furnishing materials or bidding therefor, or with any other person e>r persons, or have any secret under-solemnly protests against these uaconstitutioaai proceed- ingsAn act providing for the punishment of marshals and deputy marshal* of the United States, or other ministerial officers, for permitting the escdpe of prisoners in their custody.progress by the fixed principle of protecting the equal rights of alv whether they be rich or poor. No agrarian sentiment l a s ever prevailed among them. The honest poor man, by frugality and industry, can, in any part of oar country acquire a competence for himself and familyof the constitution. The natural intendment would fee and in doing this he feels that he eats the bread of tnde-'his atomisersaad »x*cuted by Ms sccasers. The most on-n nth of range No. J, ea*t, .n Mercer county, Ohio.A oiil granting an increase of pension to Willis*! Q.Bernard, late a seldier n the tinted States Navy.A bill for the rehef ..f William Sutton.A bill granting an invalid \ > asion to John Pureell.A b.J to contirm certain entries of land in the State ofM i s s o u r i .A bill for ths relief cf J. and R. Porter, J. C. Inrin &Co. and Charles Perry.\ bill granting an invalid penaion to WiUiaaa Bursas, ofA 1J.11for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant George Walton.guage of the Chief Justice (p. 487):—"And the asms power toreman of binding, at an annual salary ot tilie-m hundredcf making needful rules respecting the territory ism pre- dollars; but no one shall be appointed to said positionscisely the tame language applied to the other property of who is not practically and tflomnftbty acquainted with (JeotgeR. t.i.f * ' 1. aska Territory, to be apent fbrfor tbe payment oi the ooni|»'osation of certain subordinate eofif i from the amendments to the Poet Office Deficiency officers of the House. The rules were stispeuded fur thatother purjicees.In relation to mission claims at Sault Ste. Marie,Michigan.Au act in relation to malicious injuries to, and trespassupon, public and private prcperty within the District of Columbiar-RiVATS mtrs .imtovBD rr TOJUNK 23.For the relief of William Nelson.To repeal tbe second section and other portionsef anact pats* J the 2d uay of June, 1808, entitled "An act to provide lor tbe location of c< rtaai confirmed private laud claims in tbe State of M*anon, and for other purposes."Au act to cocium uerum private land claims in tho Stale of Xiis-ournPer the relief of Chauucey W. Fuller.F<r tbe relief of Em die (i. Jones, executrix of Thomas P. Junes, deceased, and Nancy M. Johnson, administra- trix cf Walter R. .Fohnsou. deceased,lor the renef of Pray & .lylirte.1OTthe relief of YV.uiam P. Holmes and William Ped- ricb.the cultivators of the soil. Whilst it is Cheerfully admitted that these are the most numerous and useful class of our fellow citizens, and eminently deserve all the advan- tages which our laws have already extended to them, yet there should be no new legislation which would operate to the injury «T embarrassment of the large body of re- spectable artisans and laborers. The mechanic who emi- grates to the West, and pursues his calling, must labor long before he can purchase a quarter section of land; whilst the tiller of the soil who accompanies: him obtains a farm at once by the bounty of the government. The numerous body of mechanics in our large cities cannot, even by emigrating to the West, take advantage of the provisions of tbis bill without entering upon a new occu- pation, for which their habits of life have rendered them uul'.t.6. This bill is unjust to the old States of the Union in many respects; and amongst these Slates, so far as the public lauds are concrneil, wo nwy enumerate every State cast of the Mississippi, with the exception of Wis- consin and a portion of Minnesota.cross-examination which we have granted to the poorest, the humblest, tbe greatest citizen of ths United Slates.Mr. BABJUTOAIS, (dem.) of Mhw.—We have bat two hours left. There is no time to discuss th.n measure. Is my judgment the President weeds no defence. Ho has come oat or tho fiery ordeal, sir. unscathed, and ho slamls before ths country to day without reproach, occupying s proudering treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes for the year ending June 20,1861.Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, t!uU said Sujierm- 1 Joseph Gn-cor) . * si-ad, MaaRochua.-ui-. vice Johnpuri>csc.There was much confusion throughout the proceeding?. Mr. 1'rR.vnTT, (dein.) of Xy., with a view of defeatingthe resolution, moved to adjourn.It was now live minuton to twelve.THK tTOMNIl PKOCKKDINfla.Mi Isaacs, (Am.) of Md., offered a resolution tendering the President had no further communicatiou to make,b.J, and therefore it stands passed.THS n*.*i.^Hnr»".mvfw.Mr. Bi«.trs, (dem.) of l's3| oil.-red a resolution for the appointment of a committee, in cmijuni t.on with one from the House, to wail ou iti-j President ot the United States ar a inform him that, if be has no communication to make, Congress is ready to adjo>irn. Agreed to.either printed en- bound,at the public expense, and to keep of the Satadin'ti crew, they were arrested on suspicion of a mithful account of the same, in the order in which the piracy and murder, r;nd taken to Halifax. No-ra Scot.a,the tt :uiks '•' the Senato to Vice President Ltreckiaridgu. far ite impartial and dignified manner m which he his preK'ded over the >o-I:berai.ous of this session—(Mr. toot, yi -...; L.g, m the cha.rj—and it was unanimously agreed to.At a few moments past eleven o'clock business ceased, aad the Senate remained in Session awaiting the report of it-- •.oamittf- to wall on the President.and the President dt-Mred them to convey to the members wishes for th'ir health nn<| prosperity, and a happy return to their labors on the first Momlay in December nest.A Voirii—Who said that?Mr. i-lniRMAX—The President.A V0101—fined fur him.Mr. Auuiiiii, (rep.j ot Minn., wished to know whetherSec. 7. And be it further ena»ted, that the joint com-mittee em print ing for the two houses of Congress sliall a^reoami fix ujion a standard of pa]k-r for the printiug of Con-gressional documents, to wei^h not less Lliau fifty poundsto the ream of five hundred sheets, of twenty-four by thir-ty •Kdght inches; and it shall be tbe duty of the said Sujieriu- stature the Tombs culprit is tall—hence the comparison tendent of the Public Printing to luruish samples of saidCries of "Kead the ayes an.l noes ou the quest.on of ad- Crwnaltlaa reported that the ITvMdeni of tho I'uitvd journment."It is a common belief, within their limits, tli.it the elder States cf the confederacy do not derive their pro- For the relict of the heirs or legal representatives of portionate benefit from the puolie lands. This is not aTHS POUTomes riKPins-vcT MIX.Tie Hocse aoceded to tbe request of the Senate, to ap-the Riot act. (Laughter.)While the Clerk was reading the names the Speakermon inlmritance away would deprive the old States of For the relief of Mary Preston, widow of George Pres- their just proportion of this revenue, without bnldiug outwitnessed on the American turf has ju.-l been arranged, and on the £5th eif September next, at the Fashion Oour»",point another Committee ot Conference on the Post Office rose.For the re! ef of Sylvester Gray.Fir the relief of William A. Winder, cf the United States the old States should oiler premiums to their ownrVflcieaey bill.TUB ntSFOkBAT USD THE CIVIL ArPR0PKJAT!O.\ MIX.Voices—Let's have a few quiet minutes now. Order.The f-'nwvBK—The hour as lixed by the concurrent reso- Army.citizens to emigrate from them to the West. That i.'icd (f promise presents iu itself sufficient allurements to our young and enterprising citizens without any ad- ventitious aid. Tbe otter of tree farms would probably havo a powerful eflect in encouTaging emigration, especial- ly from States like Illinois, Tennessee aad Kentucky, to the west of the Mississippi, and could not fail to reduce the price of property within their limits. An individual in States thus situated would not pay its fair value for landwhen,bycrossingtheMississippi,hecouldgoupon the public lands and obtain a farm almost without money and without price.1300.Kiy, deceased, iate Consul of ihe, luited Slates at i>jmhay, on principles of justice and equity.ure benefitted in just proportion. But to give this com-Tiie Turf.One of the moet important and interesting races c v rTbe President sent in a message, notdyicg the Housethat he bad signed certain-bills, including thai making ap-propriations for the civil expenses, With a protest against Tliis was greeted with applause and much good humor,termined ii]x>n as aforesaid. And in case of differonce ofopinion between the Superintendent of Public Printingand the contractors for juper, with respect to its quality,the matter of difference shall bo determined aud settledby the joint standing Committee on Printing of the twohousesofCongress.Indefaultofanycontractorunder asweepstakesof16,000each,withanadditionalparsJof this law to comply with his contract in furnishing tho . 5,000 given by tho proprietor of tins Fashion Co'irs-, paper in the proper time, and of proper quality, the Su-perintendent is authorized to enter into a new contract bus making tbe miiu".nfi <nt stake of S20.0-J0 as uiowith the lowest and best bidder for the interests of tho reward cf the victor ol the rare. In order tgovernment amongs1, those whose proposals were rejected 1 e>aders to form some joi^iueiit of tie m. r,; 1 lie Llu-'Oand in a f<*w minutes thereafter nearly all the members the clause designating Captain Meigs aa iSuperintendent and spectators retired from the hall.of itie expenditure of half a million dollars forthe completion of the Washington aqueduct. He Continuation ot House Bills, Passed theThe Veto Message of the President. TOTHKSKXJlTEOJTHKU.VITBDSTATESI—most arranged a few weeks ago for tbe . im of twenty housand dollars a side, but as the owner of 1 a-ar .• was desirous of joining 111 the race, it was a^reud lo iiiakj it.1 that they performed that dtprinted and bound, if the same is ordenil to be bouiw, see that the volume's or sheets are promptly delivered to the officer of the Senate or House of Representatives, or de- jiartmeut authorized to receive the univ, wliososreceipt therefor shall be a sufficient voucher, by tho Superinten- dent, of their delivery.as George Jones, John IXazleton, Carl Gcstoil, .Vnder.-on, Wm. Carr, John Calloway and Wm. Johnson. The latter named, and who, it is nlli g.-d, is the identical IHctrs, alia* ' Johnson, now in tb* Ifinbs, was described at the tim of theSaladinaffairas aman123yearsof tu,-<\borninImi- don. and of low stature. The place'of birth aod as>s, ad- ding the years l! .1 have -!aps"d since that event, would appear to fix the identity of one with the other; but iniiai PrMtsri.dfiin.tm, x11-ilsi,-itf)rom a Joint Committee to wait on theit w-is in ordi r to move a suspt nsiou of the rules lor gene- in it« interims proclamation by the Preei lent was read ral debate. (Iatininter.)for an executive «essiun on Tuseday at twelve o'clock.A short executive Secstou was then held, w.ien a recessw a e l a k w until ten minutes to twelve o'clock.Ali that time the Senate reassembled, when the TointCries of "tirdt-r."'Mr. tiouKscK. <>\ m ) of Pa.—We are already acting under ;i S1 >i*iis!ou of the rules.ceases; and to remove any further doubts 011 the subject of Hicks', alias Johnson's connection with the s'aln Im tragedy, the Saladin Johnson and bis confederates, w>tht^taiss had no communicattos to make to Cosgress. The Clerk con.inei.ced doing so.The hour of twelve o'clock having arrived, the Viae Mr. I'AYiii.vOi, (dem.) of La.—It 13 now twelve, and 1 th.i CKtate of Char!.* H. Mason.just opinion. It is doubtful whether they could be ren- dered more beneficial to these States under any other system than tliat which at present exists. Their pro- ceeds go into the common treasury to accomplish the ob-PreeMent tendered his thinks to the Senate for the coro- sdiir.'i.u.ry resoiiitioo uuanimoasly pas'ud, and then dc- cia/t-i .in- xuate artjouiaod WjUioul day.object.Mr. rtirrH, (dem.) of Va. (his voice pitched above thedinj—J m.-ist on havifg them road.Mr. Jcitv COXTUUM:, (dem) of X. Y— 1 move they bedispensed with.Mr. \ AMB (A opp.) of V. C— I call for the reading ofKor the relief Ca«sius M. Ciay.ror the relief < f Sirouel H. layler.A bill for the relief of Robert Johnston.the jail yard at Halifax, Nova S otiaH o u s e s f K e p r r e n t s t i v e s . Wi IKGTO.V, Ame 26,Authorizing the settlement of tho accounts of Edward jects of the government, and in this manner all the Statesall pai>er which may be necessary for the execution of thopublic printing, e.f quality and in quantity to be speei-lied in the said advertisements from year to year. Hishall open such proposals as may be made in thepresence of the Secretary of the Si nate and the Clerk eifthe House of Representatives, and shall award the cm-tract for furnishing all of said paper, or such class thereofas may be bid for, to tho lowest bidder, for the quality ofpaper advertised for by the said Superintendent, and deter- LOCK Island, Fall Meeting, the three best liorses ia mined by the joint committee of the two houses of Con- America—Planet, Han-cl IVxme and Congaree, ifoe pridogress, it shall bo the duty of said Siijiermtendenf to com- and representatives of Virginia, South Carolina and Ken - pare the pajier furnished by the public contractor with thostandard quality; and he sliall uot accept any pa{>er from tucky—will contest t«>r a prize 0/ twenty thousand dol- the contractor which does not conform to the'standard de- lars. A match between Planet and Ifcuii-'l K^me was aUlution of the two houses having arrived for adjournment, I now declare the House adjourned for the present session, and bid you an aiTectionatc farewell.Amendatory of an act approved June 14,1S58, for tho relief or Sherlock & Shirley.For t i e the restoration of Lieutenant Augustus S Bald- win to the active list of the navy.For the relief of Arthur Edwards and his associates. THE HOMESTEADBILL.SenateSincetrieOtJbInstant,andAp- proved by the President.An act for the relief of (leorgo P. Marsh.An act for the relief 01 Hcnjamui Sayre.dian in Adam* county . Illinois..'nact mo.n,zing the survey cf the Grand ChenieroIsland. State of lomsiana, aa approved by the Surveyorin procuring a supply of paper for tho use of the govern roe in 150, 1:51. At the Mobd , A'.i., Sjir . e; Xp-eiing, h'J ment, the contractor in default and his securities shall be won the Assc iation Sv\_.;-tal.e m ] I9'4. ] ',i, MarchAn a. 1 u authoi Ize the sale of the Western Military Asyium, 111 Hmioxisi'i.rg, Kentucky.will ever be respected. Whilst these are the sentiments on which I have acted through life, it is not, in my opinion, expedient to proclaim to all the nations of the earth that whoever shall arrive in this country from acharged with, and held responsible for, the same.and shall be prosecuted u|K>n their bond by the Solicitor of the Treasury, in the name of tho I'nited States, in the Circuit21, 186A, and two unin after he gallop, d over lur another ; wtupstake at the same meeting, eight other paying for- feit. On January 4. 1869, he won the s*-e. •minkes forAn act making appropt utiiotis for lighthouses, beacons,soldier of the war of 1S12-3 4S Ri turning to Vii^iniu. he won the I'osi .-''..o».-• at Ashland. Va., four mile icnis. Iwatrn^ Tar jl.v.. ,m., Jiou Juan, in 7 46—7.61. At tiio same place, ou <> i 9, he won. apinsei1SftOO1-va\\u\ over. *J11r.•.!..\-aiu?r,at IV-sociation.Aa act exteu'ling the charter incorporating tiie fiermimpersons need not be the beads of families, provided they havefiledadeclarationofintention to become citizens.der 1 ,.uworthy of aceeptauue by an honorable man. The Au act lor the relief of J. R. Crump.acci.vit.'-y rest'.ution was nothing more 1: ,.• li-s-- than tint An act or lull (ranting a peusiou u> Martha SaiiJerson, the Pre*.dent has used corr"pt m-ans to accomplish cer- willow of Major Vi'in.-tou F. Siii'lerscii.tain j.-.ri»'Ses. By what authority did 1 he House under- An act for the relief of Francus Lavouture and Pierre take K jvestigate the Kxicutive's course a-! to t!i>^ l..i Grigiion.cem; 1. n constitution, to pry into o :r foreign reUtiotis,aaru. mg our Mexican Minister. a= t> tbe lehuautepocroute, to investigate removals from ot^c.s n^twahitanuingthe|v*trofremovalbelongstiiUiePresidentunderthecort-: t .t.on, and was so decided by the Urst Congress, andacerrdingly has ever since boon so exercised!' Kiore was consular system of the I uileil Status.no authority f<u ihe c<'mmilttn) to mvitstigate the subjectof IT.tiling the I'.Ml ('ifice blinks, bec«ise that questionba.1 previoosly been examined by two other oummitt-es.The het-ideut speaks of the viudictive manner in whichAn act providing for additional terms of tho Unitedthe witi.i-sst's were examined The tlrst information ho Stau s Circuit and Dif trict Courts in the State of Kentucky. received 1 i any testimony which could injuriously adect An act to change the name of the ship Kockail to Massa-him was published in a New York journal, but which was chusetts.d if proved by most respectabltSwi incases. The telegraph, An act to amend an act approved March 3,15-17, enti and that the proceeds arising from their sale are uot sub-nevertheless, a part of tho bill. bo required to illustrate ury document ordered to bo 8. The bill creates an unjust distinction between per printed by cither house of Congress, such engravings sojiB claiming the benefit of the pre-einntion laws. Whilst be procured by tho Superintendent of Printing, under it reduces the price of the laud to existing pre emptors to the direction and supervision of the Committee oil Print-Frank Hiilv* m tl. lirst heat in 6 50. At Furfleld, Vs., Oetobcr20,he Irit John1. ,atihrcj eiil.' heats,in 3:50)»—3.62. Tins, tei ni.iiul d his, jKTl.iriiu.ii. s as a line > yea; old. This year he i iniiliK nci'il his low year "id career by beating Arthur d.'in'i lor the Jock'y il\i> T i r - . - . iAu act makinj; appropriations for tho service of tho Poet Oluce Department durmgtheye.tr end ng Juno JD, UaU.sixty two and a hail cents per acre, aud gives them a ing of the house ordering the same.credit on this sum for two years from the present elate, Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, that it shall be the Charleston. S. C . lour >m » In at-, m 7:58, .a 1 follow "1 itAn act for the relief of Anton L. C. Portman.An act to amend an act regulating the didiomatic and9. The cff.ct of this bill on the public revenue must be for wages, engraving, hindi'!.:.', materials, and for any other 540;':-,, beating J. bn i Hj-«-ck:i.ridjr<», Hid A! xu.itf apjiareut to all. Should it become a law, tho reduction of necessary expense ol said printing establishment for»tue anel a Waeinr i..it At the spi I,IK ne-l.i.t; of moAn act making appropriations for the payment 01 the expenses of the Legislative Assembly of Minnesota Terri- tory.the price of land to actual settler.; to twenty-five cents second year. And the said Superintendent 'shall also, ouMetairie Jockey <1i:b. Xiw Url'.'is, b. wm tuo 1'lai.et Post .Stake, iianictt att.-r il oi-ei;. runl given by his ptoprn i....-, the Mi.s.-s. l»o ., :l. in this race he met and defeated, at fonr mile h. it-. J C.tied "Au act to establish a port of entry at Saluria, in the State of Texas, and for other purposes."An act making appropriations for tho support of thejeci to the limitations of the constitution, but may be ap- propriated or given away by Congress, at its own dis- cretion, to States, corporations or individuals, for say purpose they may deein expedient.The advocates of this bill attempt to sustain their po- sition upon the language of the second clause of the third section of the fourth article of tho constitution, which declares that "the Congress shall have power to dispose of, and make all needful rules and regulations respecting, the territory or other property belonging to theJJnitcd States." They contend that, by a fair interpretation of the words "dispose of" in this clause, Congress possesses the power to make this gift of public lands to the Stales for purposes of education.It would require clear and strong evidence to induce the belief that the framcrs of the constitution, after having.. pub- lic domain. It would be a strange anomaly, indeed, to have created two funds, the one by taxation, confined to the execution of the enumerated powers delegated to Con- gress, and the other from the public lands, applicable tothe next Ucal year at S4.000.000, ou the presumption that the present laud system would remain unchanged. Should this bill become u law, he does not believe that SI.000,000 will be derived from this source.ledge in regard to all matters connected therewith.4An act for the relief of the legal representatives of Charles H. Mason.0>ngaree,The property of that wcJJ known turf patron, Mr. Thomas Puryear, o; Smth Caroftna. is i thre-o year old bay ceilt, by imp. <ilencoe out of Miii«-««t, by imp.An act for the relief of Cassius M. Clay.Tho message having been rend, Mr. STAVTOV, (rep.) ofOhio, said.—The hue period at which that extraordinarydocanient has been presented to this House prevents anydiscussion cf it. It is a State paper, however, of no or-dinary sigastcanos, and as such will go on the archives ofthe naiiou. The serious character of the document seemsto me to demand a respectful cousiderati.m at least, andIf tits doctrine it lays down SJ correct, the Executive Isesuaoeipated from all supervision on tbe part of the re-presentatives of the people, except In tbe nature of im-peachment. If it be well founded, then this governmentis a very different machine from what 1 had supposed. Ihad supposed Presidents, as well as reprnaentaii ves in Con-gress, mere responsible to the people, and that it was notetsentu!, to enable the people to pass upon the action of tbaPresjdeui. as well as of Congress, that there should be**saewbsre a power to s » estimate tbe official conduct of1 residsns M *«(] aa of Congress. The people have a'jf* to*»*». sw,the actions, secret and public, of all tive and Judicial expenses of government for the year end- make them embrace tho idea of "giving away." Use Pf*** l°*i5,*r**fws, that they may bold tbem responsi- ing June 30,1861. true meaning of words is always to be sscertabied by tte Me tsrouj{b the SSBat box for the manner in which they As act for the relief of George W. 8quier, of N'os York. subject to which they are applied and the known generalThe people of the United States have advanced withNEW YORK HKRALD, TUESDAY, JQN-ff 26, 1830.-TB1FLB SHBBT.cient to itatwfy ttM Houss of his proba-ble guilt, artielea -J impeachment may beprepared, and may be cent to the Senate of ths UnitedMate*, and be can there be tried according to law, andcan face his aixorcra and l a v e justice. And this will se-oure the integrity of his position, a fair trial, and thoman tainance of law, and prevent so great a shock to theconstitution and so flagrant an injustice as has been in-flicted by this committee, without specific charges, with- tingent expenses of ths Indian Department, and for fuliill- out the confronting of witnesses and ths privilege of{. ths next session of /ongress genUemen can dScuss it if An act coRfirmirr aerUdnJaml entries under the third theycesir*todoso,a*4oposthatmukmleaillhepro-jsectionof(beactof3dMarch,1865,entitled"Anactmak-Tho ttrst settlcTS of a new country art! a most meritori-ous'class. Ifceybravethedangersofsavagewarfare.tceedmg two-thirdsof the'penaltyofsaid Superin- .asdUAoeatrLusAngeles,California,viceV.H. >tfwashsgwa,andwasthereforenot __ j u « , (den.) of X. C , mowed asabtiih of the provision allowing the contractors to pre- em J u a d s on the northern route trnmBt. Past to ths Da, at Alttocgh this had besn allowed on other routes, be tjougtt that it was time that the policy ahold* cease, Su agreed to.Ttr bill was then road a third time, passed and sent to the Howe.arrsjiospriAirr nemo* or THS n r v i n .letten from the Prudent for an executive session to-morrow wtf'i here delivered to Senators.« w e « m LA*IM roa HWUCOADH.The bill to amend an act granting lands in Mtsstestppi tor tne aid of certain railroads was reported from thePublic Lands Committed and passed. TWB Co*!U U | MCRVKSa.Mr. ToojfH", (dem ) of Ga., from the Committee on Commerce, reported the House bill to amend the Consular act, and asked ,1B consideration.Mr. Kiso, (rep.) of N. Y., objected, and the bill was laid over.So much confusion ensued that the President repeatedly bef ?ed Senators to preserve order.s u i aot-rs TO XKXICO.Mr. Wicjau, (dem.) of Texas, from the Post Officeto the overland mail, and the House could concur or non- •sail route between the United States and Mexico for tea concur. The bill was needed by the department.suffer tho privations of a frontier life, and,.with the handfeadent's bond. And tho Said Superintendent shall ey, resigned.rctitle the account of his receipts and disbumo- Oscar Taylor, of Minne<«ota, to be Register of the JAnd menta in tho manner now required of other dis- flicc at Otter Tail City, Minnesota, vfcd Gorge B. Ciltb-SMps queffiion.r The motion was disagreed to.The message was then referred to s select committee.* nix r o n o m e s orncs — i B — m soxrisbSD.In accordance with Mr. Stanton's motion, the Bouse receded from their amendments to the Post Office De- flcieccy bill.This hill is now a law.»A1I I RK OP THK POST ROTO BllX.The Pest Route bill was returned from the Senate, when Mr. COUFSX moved to take it up for consideration.Mr. FmrRSAN, (rep.) of Ohio, said there were ninety- nine SCLtte amendment.'', and that he would not consent to consider them at tbi? late hour.Mr toiPAX, (rep) of led.,denied that there were somany amendments.Mr. WASHIHHMC, (rep.) of Me., understood the bill ap-propriates hiilf a million.Mr. COLPAX said tho only .mportant amendment wa3 .ising appropriations for the service of the Post Ofhos Do- ,of toil, bring tl» wildernws into cultivation. The "oldpartmeni during the fiscal ysar ending the 30th Jane, settlers," as they arc everywhere called, are rnrbliobene-TWEI.VB O'CLOCK.ton.For the relief of David Waldo.any, the least, corresponding advantage. Whilst it is our common glory that the new States have become so pros- perous and populous, there is no good reason why*«ivai,oaandworks of defence, fw the year ending June 3D, lM*.»*4r*. ptSSSBSSS,laborer*,^ad <*b*r baud*aee.*s«ry to BtiU10111.1 cr«l . :„r«-at execute the orders vf Cougre* and of the executive andJudicial departments, at the city of Wasbrrguiii. And todoesnotbvut.o ,lwastheinteuionotCon-grefs to interfere with tho constitutional ri^htof the ITesiJent as t'omiuander in -Chief of the armyto order Captam Meigs ilsewhere, and asserts that his An act making appropriations for the current and con- ether purposes,'' preserted to me on the 20th instant. Men will not pay $1 25 for lands when they can purchaseautaonty rema.ns to send h:m away, to superintend thoerecUon of fort:'latious or other workj. It was evidentto bim that tongress intended nothing mor An act for the relief of Anson Dart.This bill gives to every citizen of tho United States,•who Is the head of a family," and to every person offoreign birth residing in tho country, who has declaredhis intention to become a citizen, though he may not bo other half. This cannot bo avoided. Secret agreementsat the last annual lettings, if it be practicable so to do, 1orses engaged in th's incut nice,and if not, then to advertise for proposals, aud award tho mary of their rct;-i ctiv .• iierforiuaneontract as hereinbefore provided; and during any inter- Planet is a four year • 1 1chcMiht <val which is thus created by the new adver ef Nina te. Boston, ai.-l li.-ct male hi dr.' u i th" itirf, tiscment for such proposals, the Superintendent ;.t tie Fairfield, Va., Sr. u.g Meeting, Mi. 4.shall purchase in the open market, by and with fkiswell stake, for lire : year olua. It vv.c- .- '.aiualdo the approval of the Secretary of tho Interior, stake, worth $9,000. . • 1 u..? w ,i 1 /Li. t ' . i n ; * , all such paper necessary for tho public service at the 1 4tv At Petersbur;.'. Va., h" won th" N"« it I'll 't H .*e)than to express a decided opinion that CaptainMei^-s should be continued in employment t'superintend tte mp-.oduct. is t'.i0 appropnai.eu cun-ti north of mige No. 9, » i i t o f tho fourth principal meri-tingent expenses cf tho Indian Department, aud tor fulfil- ling treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for tho year ending June .50,1^61.them for one-filth of that price. Large numbers of actual settlers will be carried out by capitalists upou agreements to give them half of the land for tbe improvement of tho•ue.t-' <«ir vie! .-uia-A bill to amend aa act approved February *, 1M»,ea-titied pub" An act providing for keeping and distributing all concluding portion of the same clause. By It Congress enable the saidSuperhitnirtent more efli dually to performdocuments," aud for other purposes has power sot only "to dispose of" the territory, but of lbs duties of his office, he thai! appoint a foreman of priat- bill for the r»l:cf of Congressional township 90. V, the "other property of the United States." In tbe lan- tng at as annual salary of eighu-ttt h«mirr-i do)iurs, and aA bid for the relief of A. Rcdsor, William Bryson, Will^BJ C Fcott, William Doty and others.that the Superintendent shall at no time employ tnorohands in the public printing and binning e«ublishinenlthan the absolute neccssitkrf of Uie public work may re-quire; and further, that tho Superintendent report toCon-gress, at the beginning of each session erf Congress, thenumber of hands so employed, and tbe length ol time each pointed.has been employed. A UVed W. Ij»ii!rtsppoated. "• v.Huy, Indiana, reappointed,^•uv a*>, \orth Oaro'ina, reap> l!»al, Missouri, mippointod.rvsMC xcrs Arrsovxo cr- TO JTMS 20.An act making appropriations for the current and con-James A. Wat**, M<no r»-y. California, • ^WTORfAn act making appropriations for lighthouses, beacons, buoys, and so forth.An act making appropriations for the support of the army for the year ending June 20,1861.tendent shall take charge of aud be rcspcusiblc for allmanuscripts and other matter to be printed, engraved orlithographed, and cause the same to be promptly executed.Aod be shall render to the Secretary of the Treasury, quar-terly, a full account of all pdrch^ s made by him, and 01all printing and binding done in said offl-e for each of jointed. * ^ ^ ibe Houses of Congress, and fbr ouch of the Executivedec lined.quire it, aad under such rules as the Secretary of ths CrBeralofXcwM,\riorvloeWs». lvll*aii,r***tt*d. [ Treasury may prescribe, s sum of mon-y, at no tune ex- Matthew Keller, <f Uluorma, to bo M e ^ x t f t a Wthe United States, China, Japan, Siam, Persia and other countries, giving certain judicial powers to ministers and confute, or other functionaries of the United States in those countries, and for other purposes.Authorizing a loan, and providing for the redemption of Treasury notes.An act making appropriations for the naval service for the year ending the iWh June, 1861.An act to grant to the city of Port Huron, Michigan, a part of the military reservation cf Fort Gratiot, for the en- largement of the city cemetery at that place.An act to declare the meaning of tbe act entitled "An act making fur her provwious for the satisfaction of Virginia land warrants, passed August 31,1852."An act 10 amend an act entitled "An act for giving effect to certain treaty stipulations txtwecn this and Joreign governments, for the apprehension and delivery op Of cer- tain ollemters.''An act for tbe relief cf the California Stage Company.An act foi the relief of Congressional township number six, south, of range kuinlxr eight, west, in Randolph county, Illinois.An act to amend an act for extending the laws and,ju- d end system of the United States to the State of Oregon, and for other purposes.An act to change the time for holding the courts la the Northtru district of. Florida.after they have accomplished all this by tbeir labor, new settlers should come iu among tbem and receive their farms at tho price of twenty-five or eighteen cents per acre? Surely tho old settlers, as a class, are entitled to at least equal benefits with the new. If you givo the new Bottlers their lands for a comi>aratively nominal price, upon every principle of equality and justice you will bo obliged to refund out of the common treasury the diffe- rence which the old have paid above the new settlers for their land.3. This bill will do great injustice to the old soldiers who have received land warrants for their services in lighting the battles or their country. It will gradually re- duce tbe market value of these warrants. Already their value has sunk, for one hundred and sixty acre warrants, to sixty-seven cents per acre, under an apprehension that such a measure as this might become a law. What price would they command, when any head of a family may take possession of a quarter section of land, and not pay for it until the end of live years, and then at tho rate of only twenty live cents per acre'/ The magnitude of the interest to be affected will appear in tho fact that there are outstanding unsatisfied land warrants reaching back to the last war with Great Britain, and even revolution- ary times, amounting in round numbers to seven and a half million acres.Se-e. 5. Aud be it further enacted, that all the printingand binding, aud all blank books ordered by the heads ofthe Executive and Judicial departments of the govern-ment, or of the chiefs of the bureaus thereof, and ali theprinting and binding, aud ail the blank books ordered byCongress, or by either house of Congress, shall, on andafter the fourth day of March, eighteen hundred and "ix-ty-one, be done and executed under said Superintendeut,iu accordance with tho provisions of this act: Pro- was that, in the month of May, somev.here about the vided, th.it all the pruning ordered, and to be or-dered, by the Thirty-sixth <oojrress, shall be execut- 26th, she run ashore at ! laud HarW. >}.S ,and was ed by the printers of the Senate and House of Repre-s. mativc'g, as now authorized by law ; but noprinting or binding other than that ordered by Co:i£rr-'3or the heads of departments, as aiori«aid, shall be exe-cuted iu said office.An act :,.r the tiual adjustment of private land claimsSec.fi. Auu be it further enacted, th it it shall be theduty eit said Superintendent to receive from the Secretaryof the Senate aud the Clerk of the Ilouse of Representa-tives, and from the heads of departments and chiefs of p.cious circumstances and the equivocal statement* bureaus, all matter ordered to be printed and bound, orKor the relief of Khcn S. ITanscomb. K.ir the ni.ef of Margaret Whitehead,standard paper to applicants therefor, and to advertise an-nually, in one or more newsimpors having the largest cir-culatiem in the cities eif Boston, New York, Philadelphia,Baltimore, Cincinnati. Chicapo, Washington, Richmond,RaJoigh, Charleston, New Orleans and St. Louis, for th?j the exception of Carr and Galloway; cor.i«kbod {their space of sixty elays prior to the 1st eif July, for sealed crime, and were executed on the 80th of bi'v. 184J. in proiosals to furnish the government of toe United States1 return, with my objections, to tho Senate, in which it originated, the bill entitled "An act to secure home- steads to actual settlers on tbe public domain and for6. This bill will open one vast field for speculation.An act "or the relief of Liaac S. "Smith, of Syracuse, Now the head of a family, the privilege of appropriating to .of this kind will be numerous. In the entry of graduatedYork.An act for the relief of Congressional Township No. 2,himself cue hundred and sixty acres of government land, lands, the experience of the Land Office justifies this objec-of bottling and residing upon it for live years; and should tion.his residence continue until the end of this period, he 7. We ought ever to maintain the most perfect equalityi-hiil! then receive a patent on the payment of twenty-five between native and naturalized citizens. They are equal,cents per acre, or one-fifth of the present government and ought always to remain equal before the laws. Our lowest price. For any increase of cost to the government for three _ ,ir old.-. Mat 20. bi unc' a .ill.* I./ unit. Gl"ti-ft>rtn. ationsand other — i r » a * sPFTER BUCKHOCT. App011.fi ' 11.- «*f tk« PrcstdsBtaVBY AKD WITH THV ' i>- -CR ASD ottmtsT or TBI -">'AT*.tie I'HHsBSof trie «* '-t Agency, vice Wm. K. Moore, re. stpt.J.'«f Nebraska Territory, to be He. s <•» ftakota, *ebra*fca Territory, : t i l i ( l ., : tC#*ington Territory, to b«An act providing for the punishment of marshals anddeputy marshals of the United States, or other ministeria tafc-s of tho land thus purchased, at their own discretion,^VVAl OWSCSX.Sampson B Loiu, i r.; aiciuth, New llassjates. rean.officers, for permittiag the escape of prisoners in theirto other and far different objects from what they could have applied the purchase money which had been raisedb y taxation. *2. It will prove unequal and ttnjust in its operationAmur*** ratsrrRAL.Willises f. Williams, of Luuiatana, vice John Cstberaa-reftr it to the Committee of the WhsJo Hosse, when at ' ington. .« , ,among the actual settlers themselves.1S5«.»An act to confirm certain private land claims in thofactors. This class have all paid for their lands tbe govern- ment price, or $126 per aero. They have constructed reads, esublished schools, and laid the foundation ofbursing officers: Provided, however, that said Superintendent shall not be aBwed eredit at the treasury for payments on account of services rendered iu suhl printing establishment at higher prices than those paid for similar services iu tho private printing and bind ivR establishments of the city of Washiagteia.Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, that it shall be the duty of the said Superintendent to charge himself, in a separate book to lie kept therefor, with all paper and other materials received by him for the public use, and to furnish the same to the foremen employed by him, on their re-qiiisiiious, herein provided for, as the public ser- vice may require, taking a re-ceipt in all cases therefor from the fore man ot the heael of the department iu which tbe paper or other material has been used.rall, resigned. .The Pirate Hicks, alios JoHmsost, w s % Salavdln Piracy/.The statement, which has received general currency through the newspapers throughout the country, connect- ing William Hicks, alias Johnson, now under sentesne of death for murder and piracy uo board the sloop E. A. John"on, committed last winter, with murder and piracy on board the British ship Saladin, in the year l^U, turns out to be w ithout foundation in fact. We base eur as- sertion upon documentary evidence now in our posses. Bios.Terr dory of New Mexico.To carry into effect provisions of the treaties between prosperous cbmmonwen'ihs. Is it just, is it equal, that,R-eeiver or pubpublic treasury from money raised by taxation. Now, a kind of materials required, aud file requisitions therefor, N-liH iox UarS..|.; • -•.. • vpired.In the States and Territories within the I^uisianaaud Honda purchases. Tbcse lands were paid for out of tbeprice. 1 Hiring thH period the land 13 protected from all laws welcome foreigners to our shores, and their rightsthe ilebin of the settler.This bill also contains a cession to the States of all tho;1 and thirty-one acres, and will from time to time only res de on it aud cultivate it. The invitation extends default on its happening, with a full statement of all theIrnisf.-r to th' 111large budits of sue 1 lands, which,from to all, and if this bill becomes a law, we may have nu- facts iu the case. The said Superintendent shall keep a pec iii.tr circumstances, may not bu_.absorbed by private me-rous actual settlers from China and other 1,istern na- just and true account of all tho pa|ier received from the ha.-'o and settlement. tions, enjeiying its benefits on the great Pacific slope. The contractor or contractors, torether with an account of alla.TO. .-r 1 ne sevi i.ili of the present minimum price of the I'ubiic lands. In r gard to tho Stat' -', it is an absolute; no 1unqualified f.;:ft. •»1. This state oi facts raises tho question whether Oon-pre- s, under the constitution, has the power to ^ive aWaytin public lands either to States or in,u\ 1.lual-'. da thisqui .-lion 1expressed a decided opinion m my message toth. House ol K. presentative#; of the -14ili Feliruary, 1869,reliirniiig the Agricultural College hill. This opinion rc-nui.iis iii..hunt' 'd. The argument tlvti ti'-ed ai>plies, us :i no matter how long they may have hitherto enjoyed the duty 01 the said Sujieruiteudont annually to pr'-par.» am' op by winning i purs---ol i.'.OO at .*•::;..-t i.«!.»., ih • .i c.in-titiil.iiual cbjectitiu, with greater force to the presenth.ii. There11hadthepleaofconsider,itiou,growingoutof ,1 sjxr'tlo beuettcial puriiosc; here, it is an absolutegra-1.1 y to the States, without the pretext of consiileratiSll.1 u 1ciinipclled for want of time in these, tho last hours off i e session to quote largely from this messageI presume the general proposition will be admitted, that Congress does not po.ssess the power to make donations of money already in the treasury, raised by taxsa ou the people, either to .states or individuals.But it is contended that the public lands are placedthe tlrst day of the meeting of each session of Congress, oras soon thereafter as may be, rciwt to Congress the exactcondition of tho public printing, binding aud engraving;salecf other public lands as to render the expectation of the amount and cost of all such printing, binding and en- Breckinridge and La Yai i.ie in 7.3o '»—7iJ \t. T3.: next future revenue from that source, beyond the expenses of graving; the amount and cost of all paper purchased for day, however, he was ii..oti,e,i u>defeat, a- L. w.ts l..-aten survey and management, illusory, the Secretary of tho the same: p. statement of the several bids fbr materials by l.anit'1 Bc< ne, a magniiii-i-nt S»BJ of l/-\imrttrn, for thoupon a diflerent footing from money raised by taxation,Crescent Post Stake, two mile beats, iu 3^S','—3i3634'. This was his last ajmi iirancc up t« the prese„i nin-'Ilaniei lioone is a three year old Imy t^ill by b'xtngtnn, out of Magnolia by Gbiicm'. and is raid t" -troiijfly re- semble, both in action and apficarance. his ceiebratnl10. This bill lays the axe at the root of our present ad- interest, direct or indirect, in the |>ublication of any news- »as beaten •!! his l.rst race by Liiidora. at 1»\.I;^UID. mirable land system. The public land is an idheritance of paper or periodical, or in any printing of any kind, or in At Woodiawu, howi vi r. he t.iriK d the tabW-s oti her, and vast value to us and to our descendants. It is a resource to any binding or engraving, or in any contract for furnishingwhich we can resort in the hour of difficulty and danger. paiier or other material connected with the public printing- beat in the same race Endorser and a colt and tilly by It has been managed heretofore with the greatest wisdom, and any violation of this section shall subject the party' Lexington. His next porlurmaiicc was at Memphis, wbero under existing laws. In this management tbe rights of offending, on conviction before any court of competent he heal Hemplrud, MarJ W'y lie and Ibrdcal< her, at two actual settlers have been conciliated with the interests of jurisdiction, to imprisonment in the penitentiary for a mile beats. His next victory was ewer Plain t. and itiothe government. The price to all has boon reduced from term e>f not less thau one nor more than five years, and toa fine of five hundred dollars.An act for the relief of Hockaday k LiggiLAn act for tbe relief of Peay & Aylin".An act to establish a mail six times a week from Sacra- ! the debts of the States, to educate their people, and to car- power and prosperity. They have been guided in theirmento, in California, to CHympia, in the Territory of Washington.ry into effect any other measure of their domestic policy. This would be to comer upon Congress a vast and irre- sponsible authority, utterly at war with tbe well-known Jealousy of federal power which prevailed at the formationp o n d e n c e .TO THE ED1TOK OF THE HERALD.FOKDIUS, June 24,1S60. In your issue of June IS, containing a letter of J. B. Haskin, in which my name is used in connection with anAn act making appropriations for tbe naval service for tbe year ending June 30,186T.An act for the relief of Robert Johnston.An act for the relief of Isaac S. Smith, of Syracuse, N. Y.that, as the constitution conlined Congress to well definedspecific powers, the funds placed at their command, ment or from his neighbors. This bill, which proposes to Interview which took place between the honorable gen- 14, at the Augusta (Ga.) meeting, he won aAa act for the relief of Elizabeth .Smith, of Coflee county,An act for tho relief of Congressional township cumber powers. If not, a government has been created with allsix, south of range number eight, west, in Randolph evunty, Indiana.its other powers carefully limited, bat without any limita- tion in respect to the public lands.may introduce among us those pernicious social theories which have proved so disastrous in other countries.made no such statement, or anything like it. m answer the following day carried off the Jockey Club purse threeAn act making appropriations for the legislative, execu-But I cannot so read tbe words "disposed o f as toances up to tbe present time. His owner ha- so liijdi an im I could not He wanted to know what I had against j opinion of his meriu tliat be does not believe any homo him- I answered nothing, but that Mr. Morris was my hi the world can beat him, at any distance, and he aasneighbor and my choice, when he got in a great rage, ! accordingly entered bim against Planet and Dui'-lAa act to authorize notaries public in the District of Co-1 thw pjas w M h a j i ^ of giving it a ts.tr con- lumbia to take acknowledgments of deeds for the convey- the constitution for tbe people of the United States to'* raJSTl"*"^Ho,welmiUmoTO anceofrealorpersonalestatetherein.v Aa act to authorize tie rsissue of land warrants in cer-B u r e a u .struck bis fist against the wall, and wanted to know if |Boone.saay 4*«char«e thear aftoiii duties. Xow, sir, as we caii-intent of the lawgiver.' Congress is a trustee undertain cases, and for other purposes.'dispose of" their pubic lands,andIthinkImayven- ture to assert with confidence that no case can be found in which a trustee in tbe position of Congress has bees- *»*TM *•* pwrpeaaaf assBasaatkm imt 1hops to aes ssoMsd the bad taste that pvsema? Is i s An act providing for tho erection of a post office in the authorized to "dispose o f property by its owner,mvwlved is it—I stove that it beratsmdI w ase- An act authorizing a loan, and providing for the re- such trustee to give away the fund entrusted to hisprintingandbindingauthorizedbytheSenateandHouse runningtwocandidateswouldbethemeansofelectinga1ofirs,aadpnatad,aadupasthatssataaw demptionofTreasurynotes.I deasand the previous question.Mr. tmu*ux, (dem.) of Texas, said the President pro-tested against the cosstitatiooal right of the Hfnmm of Bepnsentalives 10 make an investigation of his conduct tike that instituted by tho Covcio Cummstiee. The priu rip's the President suggests applies to himself aad to all other officers of the government of the I'nited States. The PKSidect .s responsible for 'very vinlaiioo of duty,announced. He is expected, as every other erooer of thsu s. v m _ r i " '•**••» * » ncrnnw » BOATS.AtilJasadJigapnroprBUiflBsforthcconstruction,pre.raising money from them—which, as we hare already and which is tbe tlrst thing provided for in the article.''Itisnnnffitasrytorekt wiL*historyaU£taws(9 Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069gortwmh to twultetmtatttwVmhwfwWw>•»•printingandbinding,thepurchaseofpaper,ashereinafter u.Reltu, Uicpuj-tiiaac pf other necessary myterfri^"«d, 'aidbutter''politician.As to Hi. Butterworth, he has never in any way tfiodlantic Despatches to r-ach her should be tiled it Mr. gtcter'B agency, No. 7 Broad street, before Tuesday isame may be received; anJ when the sane shall have been where they were incarcerated. They gave their nam-.-sS»-c. 8. And be it further enacted, that whenever anv aer.-bnrp-.Va.. hi i . at <.• :r . ,f .«n - Kit-, it":. .!.'•• i c i i s Perhaps this distinction was an inadvertence; bul it is, charts, maps, diagrams, views or other engravings shall in 3:50ia—3:62, and two days *uh-*i| i.-ntly ai*laiieod!land, future pre-emptors will be compelled to pay double thispriceperacre. Thereisuoreasonorjusticeinthis discriiiiinuiiou.submit to the Register ts"the Treasury, in time to have th*sameembracedintheannualestimatesfromthatdepart wonapurseof4700,ihii••mil"heats.,n.ri40'l— mt'iit, detailed otiinates of the salaries,amount to be paidper acre, with a credit of five years, and the reduction of its price to existing pre-emptors to sixty-two and a half cents per acre, with a credit of two years, will so diminish the$2 per acre to $1 25 for fresh lands, and the claims of ac-tual settlers have been secured by pre-emption laws. Anyman can now acquire a title in fee simple to a homesteadof eighty acres, at the minimum price of fl 26 per acre,for $100. Should the present system remain, we shallderive a revenue from tbe public lands of $10,000,000 per standing with him or the»m, by himself or through others Monarch. He first ran at the Savaunah (Ga.) meeting, annum when the bounty land warrants are satisfied, to defraud the United States, or by which the govern-tsame day be ran for tiie South Carolina staiui tor two year olds mile heats, which he won, beating two uthers,. in 1:50—1:50. At Camden, .«. C , on the 14th of Deccm- be-r, be won the Kersbaw stake, mile heats, in 1 53)»— 1*1—1:65; Albino winumg the first, and Congaree tbo last two heats. The following day be carried "IT the Wa- teree stake, two mile beats, in J:63>i—3:58'4. On tha 1st of February of this year he won the Hutchinson stake, mile heats, at Charleston, S. C , boating Excnoqu«ir, Cor- rtnneandKaloolah,in llO^-l^V. Two days alter, be won the Hutchinson stake at the sam" m--'l-without oppression to any human being. In time of war, ment of the United States shall bo defrauded or made towhen all other sources of revenue are seriously unpaired! sui-tain a loss, contrary to the true intent and meaning ofthis will remain intact. It may become the best security this act, he sliall, upon conviction thereof before anv ingtou Course, he was beaten by Gazelle, along with two for public loans hereafter, in times of difficulty and court of competent jurisdiction, forfeit his office, and be others, in a three mile race; time 6.50—5.48> '- Tbaall subjects, foreign and domestic, which Congress might danger, as it has been heretofore. Why should we im- subject to imprisonment in the penitentiary for a term ofdesignate, that this fund should be "disposed of," not to pay the debts of the United States, nor "to raise and sop- port armies," nor "to provide and maintain anavy,"nor to accomplish any one of the other great objects enumerat-pair or destroy this system at tbe present moment? What necessity exists for it?not less than three or more than seven years, and to a line of three thousand dollars.ed in the constitution; but bo diverted from them to pay steady hot rapid strides to their present condition of Tbe Haskin and Butterwortla Cori-es-whether m land or money, should be appropriated to the performance of the duties corresponding with thesegive him land at an almost nomintl price, out of the pro- ilcman and myself at the New York Assay Office, the ac-perty ol the government, will go far to demoralize the count given in that letter is false in every particular. I people and repress this noble spirit of independence. Itsweepstakes, mile heats, tn 1:63^—1 M\; and on the 10th he beat the celebrated Fanny Washington for the Jockey Club purse, two miles, in 3.46—3 44. and oo>pendence. He desires no charity, either from the govern-ing, two mile beate, ia 3.47'«—3:4s. On February_ . WASHotOTtn,June 22,1800.JAMES BUCHANAN. • — - • « .T k s N e w P r i n t i n gjoi-vr RBBOLCTIOS I S RELATION TO TOB l ' n s u c PRLVTIXG Mr. Butterworth had said anything to me about i t I j Flora Temple and George M. Patahen are again mateJed1'ASSBDBOTHBBXKCHBSorCOXOSBBB,AXDAwamsoTHE ieiidhimno. HethentalkedconsiderableaboutMr.But- totrottworacesofonemileboats,bestthreeinhve,tnl SBBUTCBS or not PRSHSIST. terworth. and wanted to know if I was going against bimResolved, by the Senate and House of Representatives of (Haskin). and left. As far as Mr. Butterworth is con- two mile heats and repeat. both in harucs?, for $500 a tideeach race. These races come off on the Suffolk Psric J w ^ a S ^ °£ ^ ^ i u t W e s s ass^bieS; cerned, all be ever tald to me ou that affair was;—After Course, Philadelphia, ou tbe 3d and 10th of July next. •the purpose of examining tteoosstitutiooal city of Philadelphia. where it has ever been held that these words authorized That the Superintendent of Public Printing be, aad is tbe party had split and had two candidates in the The owner of Flora Temple is uot satisfied with her defeat hereby, authorized and directed to have executed the field he sent fbr me, and said if our on tbe last occasion by George M. Patchea. attributingcare. Notrustee,whencalledupontoaccountforthe disposition of the property placed under his man-agement before any judicial tribunal, would venture ments, and the Court of Claims. And to* enable bJnVto and request him not to run. I told him I could not, for both the coming matches. An act for the relief of Mrs. Anns W. Angus, widow of to present such a plea in his defence. The true carry out the provisions of this act, ho is authorised and this thing had become a,personal matter between Mr.An act authorising the issue of s register fbr ths brig Charles H. Gordon.her defeat to her beiai; amiss and lame at the Usee of of Representatives, the Executive aud Judicial depart- republican, that he would like for BM to go to Mr. Morris trotting, and fully anticipates seeing her victorious >nwe late Captain Samuel Angus, United States Army. Aa act for the relief of William A. LoomJs' estate.„«-a_*^ *• ^"htish two Indian agencies in Nebraska and one la N«w Mexico.oirecBsd to contract for the erection or purchase of the Tappan and myself, he having stated in a public meegtin |necessary buildings, machinery and materials for that that Mr. Morris would not run, which statement I had D e s p a t c h e s for E n r o p e — T h e P r i m e A l -*2L\ ^ i 0 4 w B "• « • » * • J " Pnb'ic printing. Joint resomtiaa to m l u T O ^ ^ ^ ^ p u b ! i c ^ j ,would support bim. The steamship l*rince Albert will probably Wta*e 8U As to Mr. Haskia's statement about tbe "bread aad*£>: be admits this re»puosibttity; but he is re«poosiblasecorwng to the laws of the laud, and has to distinctly cuaxOTATio* ntm trim 9 cr TOJTSB 23, wnrsivK HOt!« said, was the main object of tho cession (from the States),sliall not exceed one hundred and fifty thousand dollarsduty of the said Superintendent to superintend all tbe I with less labor, and that he was nothing but a "breadmeaning of these words is clearly stated by Chief JostlesTaney, in delivering the opinion of the Court (19 Howard,p. 436; • He says, in reference to this clause of the const itu-tion, "It begins its enumeration of powers by that ofdisposing—in other words, making sale of the lands, or gress: Provided, That the sum so contracted to be paidto a question whether I would support Mr. Bussing, I toldmile heats, in 646—6.-04—612>, Aich are his p»^rform-;butter." I always considered that Mr. Haskin was Johns to morrow, 26th lott, for Oaiway, and is extected tec. *. And bo it further enacted, that it shall be tho drawing more from the "public crib" than myself. to make another of her rapid easterly runt across tie At-c tp 0Joint Committee on Printing of the two houses of Con-? y! t**ld c o n t f*to be subject to tbe approval of thepronounced false, that Mr. Morris would run and that Ib e r t U u t u a r d B o u n d .K.-ancisG ritktwis, \!..-. *«ippi, to »»*R-jrtster of ths I*Bd Gfllcv ft I'1 1, • u >, *i^s^irtd,rsappo|Bted.', . : John S\M. V.. <*.«at Olyrtttna, w a fcrnston Her- r'tery,t*tak«<ft: n . 11. law Milt of Aiajust, Isos, viosJohn B. Xornvan. William E. BunIt Kalis, de< ort.-4-eWalter u. Lane, Jr , Last River, Virginia, vice Joha ,?"!—isrni,lr,1'111' ' ^^^mil'- heats, m 5.4«'4. biatira; Ik-lphme. .U il'bile hoKentutky division we re so elated by his iritunoh that they oBered to nuiUih him against tiie-greit • sur," of Virginia, for any sum from $5,000 lo 50 000, hence tha present race^January 5,1859. where he won a sweepstake* tor two year olds, mile heats, beating Kaloolsli in 1 54—1:57 J,. On bis next appearance, at Charleston, S. C , on the Wash-i.ive on U.i.rf:— ...I..', out"i, in ilia www.fultonhistory.com 