 1 • igh. >ngMUXche*9'ral .mter %He adverted to the identification of Ada Richardson a|s an, instance of the ease with which people swear toIrIhejbody,withcloseddoors. Anautopsyofthebodywas deemed ne'eeesary, which was performed b y Dr. means what honest people had a right to expect. T h e high seas. ' . j ;awaitinganexamination..Itrm>4CENTRAL-EASTERNCorrc^ondcnce of Tbo N. Y . Tribune.ceivingealis. i VerynoonaftertheFKRXVIAJTSTRVP begantoprovoU» adapt< dness to mv caae, «he W»A apprized by tho noosil harbinger, the eclipse of ligfit. of an approaching aick turn.., S^»^ re»olv«x£ TheevidenceagainstHickswasentirelycircntustkiu- atonceonatrialoftheSyrup. Itaccomplu>b©4wljatnoother fromTheRepublican, publishedattheplacenamed: tial,andofsuchacharacterastobeveryuncertain. medicinehashadpowertodo. Itutayedhersickness,andfrom that hour to this, numbering se-.-eral month*, ia th* course oC which aho has passed through a hundred experience* that woold, previously have induced her distressing sieknet*, she has not folxa• I1N.L.CLARKit.Co.,Propriotorjs,Ko.429Broadway. [Advertixcrocnt.J ' :••iy *,t: «£'-• •,. .MSfSsThe,platform w a s deliberately rejected by a combi- white citizens hi the northern counties of Maryland,nation composed of a Small fraction of the delegatesjromtheseventeenDemocraticStatesaudaverylarge representedinherLegislatureby9Senatorsand42ap;aearanceonTuesdaynext. Heobtained-there-maitresd'h6teltocleariipthepoint.Me»fT8.N.L.CLAIIK&.Co.—OmtUmen; Jconsfdjfrtheofiect -ofthe!FKRCVIANSTRCPnotmore remarkable in myo\rnCi*o than in that of m y wife. Several years wncc she began to e x - perience occasional ttirnK of what vr# at first re(tard*wi tba-cotu- peared. Itwasnexttoimpossiblethattheprisoner mouflickheadache.Theseincreaseduponherbotl||in'i«cverity andfrequency. Shefollowed tlieprescriptions of excellent:•...*•*».-&*ritonesvand the abandonment of thedoctrineofBon-intervention, isafresh cXalimforNorthern sub-mmionon.theSlaveryquestion. Mr.DouglasisfirntT>fr*ctTf>tn,Writ.SflasBntlerv8«ooo«3DfflRrt5*wi(j|Mr».Ou ,'•'-. Hi Tracy; Treannr.er, MrH. B . W . Dcrtiwnater; It fycrd lug Secre- tary,Mrs. Abraham Wyckoff; Corrvtpondinjj Sw?rota«r,Mnu Lieut.Jeffers,U.S.N.; recentlyincommandofa GteorgeAI>«*n;MaiiiVfors,Mrs.O.Bo'.wfr,Mrs.W.A.|Baylbi;Jr\On Wednesday, April 27, Miss. Roswell went to is llhis not so, but many Parisian families-now find it awith theirjudgment? Evidently, this cannot be done. Newburyport without the knowledge of her parents, very difficult problem for them to provide their ser- Mr. Sayles, his associate, stated that he expected himVWecannotrefrainfrom expressing Onraumuation .sad approval of this loft v manifestation of twlherence to 5rincq>le, rising superior to all considerations of expe-iency, to all trammels of party, and looking with a, .singleeyetothedefenseoftheconstitutional ngbtaolibeState*.The delegations of other Democratic States, however,mencesatScrantoUfinLuzerneCounty,runs through clouds. Simultaneouslywiththefall ofthestones^la basket, whichwassuspendedbysmall cords,some but hewasnotonStatenIsland. Hedidcomein here, and is nearly completed to Northumberland, to trftmendous explosion occurred in the atmosphere. Ijo eight or ten feet below the balloon, aud gave orders to from Fall River, and hired this boy to take his luggage[Advertisement;]THE JAPANESE COINS AXD CcRiosjrriESar«II ; ;ft€tt ig«j-#|I•-.-1overon the other side and below, out of his reach, km.alsoout•ofthereachofthose whoweresoonon&* •Inthesubsequentproceedings'oftheConvention,milesbJelcAVthis,atalittleplacecalledVChuhtJ&y*.18'anddjD^out'':tho,,.ope\'wbich;']niid-'.'jfatleninthefield,TMund>and;as;u^^^$mitbWatts badparted with"the clothe*wiichhi* iMmoAer^E^A^£S^SL^^ 7^*w•••-'-•••:•:.-} .•.« Tne'S»»fce» which adopted this platform give electoralvote* which can be relied on witb absolute eef-tainty iniavor of Democratic nominees, and well-grounded con- ture, after the returns of the Census of 1860 are pub- ifidence isentertained of a like result in Pennsylvaniagenerality of domestics; it has passed into a habit with great ho use'of the faubourg St. Honore brought a com-theE;A.Johnsonhadneverbeenshown tobeon th^ bonds pent in yesterday byMr.Piatt,as newly-ap- high seas; that she bad always been within Queen's pointed Chamberlain. The bonds were sentlback, and«fe*wof!>•N.Y.Tribune. WASHINGTON,May17,1860.dtedleelmgS,dividedcounsels,anddiscordantaction.; toyieldf^at*->ufc,1^8atnns'of'•pigper;week;.'M.*&M*., i t• *t V ' X&Mttff' *X&OM WASHINGTONm ?.r?«TMr:\3mm TMm&* ' mn [in'i in — '^'^Oomanchesitwouldbeall thesame. Butthey*Teafriendly,joyou*people, apparentlythe soul«tffgoodnature,politeness,andamiability. They«eemtobeanlenimble inmindand body, andto considerthemselves ona capitallark,whichthev '*'*ineaatomakethemostof. ttwouldboboorishv"j > o t lie'• try and help" them enjoy themselves. W o ..ti'v2*aveinvitedthemtoatea-party,andtheleastwe &&nm doistobehospitableandgivethemtheirfillof^ ^ l i m m have. W e can afford to be tender of their semi-civilized ways and antique customs. Jf they are in one stage of national development, are w e in another, and^each is far enough frnm Jibeultimategoal. Ourelevationisgreat,buteven the; poor Japanese m a y have their Heenan some,whichwa^;senttooneofthecollectionsinPhiladel- phia.;.Itiis,aregioninwhich a Hugh Miller would luxuriate, i • '•milesfromwherethesetwostonesfell,ayoung^pictureofthecomhti0n °<ihe ,JS?'jS* 8 mu6 0,1 erli ^ntypopulationofthetownisaboutseventhousand, alargelnumherofwhomare employed inonewayorhead, and; looking up, sawthe clouds in a strange state ofcommotion. (Thesamewithregardtotheagitation ofthe.cloudswasobservedbyothers.) Thinkingthat he heardsomethingfall,uponsearchinghefoundaNorfolk .Navy Yard is at present undergoing a thorough overhauling,andwillsoonbe.ingoodtrim.The United"rftatessteamersPensacola andRichmondare beingfittedupatthisyard,andwillsoonbecompleteda% mannerofth. I^l **%<* \' tbte of Smith Watt*, «"d j a *t J /j & € f f i ^ captainmtheeahm. .H£«lke<3iJSW Pr* dietasjustasth«crhwe.nTMbeendevihsh^.BOturnedtoNorfolkfromatrialtrip,hasproved very satisfactoryinevery respect, andwill sail inafew daysJfor the Coast of Brazil.^ .stags of Southern aggression a fragment of theoldnow suffice to turn the scale, to purge the party creedliquor^ are sold, whether o n Sundays o r other days, and demand to Bee the license of the party selling, and if it its not produced to immediately arrest the party sogood health. : "• //. Tho United States sloop-of-war Marion, -Commander Brent, isdailyexpected attheBostonNavyYard,from the Coast of Africa.NEW-rOKK YACHT CI-UB.IMm.E.I^ewio,Mm.J.0.%ovrv, Mm.K.B.Litchfield;Mr*,w. E. Morri«, Mm. Morgan, Mra. L . K . MUlen-Mr*. M t n U M n . H . O. Nicholx, Mr*. J. Sandford. Mm. J. C. Srattb, Mi*« YtlTajloz. Miw Vauwjnderen, Mm.H. S. Wilkhui, Mmj-K- 8 . WiYPkxsm.:TheproceedingsonThursdaywereopenedbyA.H» Dana, esq., with a brief statement of the .character of the Institution, after which the childreneung this hymn commencing " Heavenly Father tbrosed abdve n*." A prayer was offered by tho Rev. Dr. €iitler, knd the,....ryoftwenty-fivefrancspermonth,without finding Mr.Murphy,thepilot,wholeftthisweekforEu- underthreeyearsofageoroverI2year». Tfjhechil-out what his antecedents are, without finding out his rope, mtrusted with the task of bringing the great dren attend meeting regularly in tne Chugenealogy; he never buys a horse without consulting Rev. Mr.' Elmendorf, where seats are proseveral experts; hetakesallpossible safeguards against Eastern to our port, is confident of being, able to. theral The Schoolbeingthe recipient*of State oneys,•3>emocratic organization has broken off, refusing to of all heresies, and to emblazon on the party banner its honored device of fidelity to the Constitution andDonglas on non-intervention, that they maybe then,equallyplainthatthedelegations'oftheothernotstrikeyouasbeingvery strangethatthelaw could j|be BO construed a s to declare "an act committed on a week day to be a misdemeanor, and that the same act committed on Sunday should, be no criminal offensesaved from entire demolition. T h e slaveholders have obtained everything but active intervention by Congress in behalf of fcdavery' in the Territories. *31B» they now demand. T h e virtue, of Douglas «ndhisfollowersisthattheyresistthis. NotthatDouglas himself has any scruples about granting it, if hecoulddosoandlive. Buthebelievesitwould be utter death to him, politically, in the North, if bedidnotmakeastandsomewhere. Hethus plants himself on the forlorn hop? of the last post not yet carried by the enemy. This he says he willhold.'Andthemainbodyofhisfollowersbe- lievehemeanstoholdit. Itbeing thefirstexam- ple o f anything like successful resistance within t h e JDetnocratic ranks t o the slaveholders' rule, his pluck5s admired, a n d t h e astonishment o f the doughfaces great. They really think they themselves feel a slight sprouting of backbone, while they wonder.«**'T Douglas is certainly doing them and thecause of Re- puhheanism good. H e is teaching resistance where resistance was never taught before. H e is proving that rebellion may pay. The lesson i s excel-lent, and will bring forth fruit to the cause of righteousness. W h a t shall become o f Doug- las himself i s n o matter. H e i s fanning,:.the flames o f rebellion, a n d creating a senti- is. roent that will find its own modes of expression, when he himself shall desert his present apparentposition. H e may retreat t o tho slaveholders here-after, and Mr. Pugh may gowith him, as they sayA SERMON TOCOOKS.sailed—from off the Hoboken anchorage, around the read by the reverend gentleman, lroui w2»<)h itjappojirsundersigned, members of the National Dem-ocratic party, supporters of its principles, and deeplysmxioiw, by promoting its harmony, to preserve unim-paired the efficiency of its organization, desire to join tunity for instruction by their constituencies. A refu-Roosevelt being present; Mr. Graves was still absent.Union-TheNationalDemocraticPlatformadoptedat successofasingleelectoralstruggleisunworthyof Crotinnati in 1856 met tHe cordial approval of all w h o one moments considerationBefore her death sbo disclosed to her mother the when there are poor lionmsyvho. sell the honor.of their quartern and halves, March 15; I nave known Capt. Burr Wra gained her liberty.fcebeve these United States to be, what their very nameimports, a Union of States eqnal, sovereign, and en-dowed inaDrespects with equal rights. This appro-K. W . JOHNSON,A- iVEBSON,JOHN SLIDELL, JEFFERSON DAVIS, L. Q . C. LA.VAR.M. R. H . GARNETT, K, TOOMBS,W. K SEBASTIAN, R. M.T. HUNTER, J. M . MASON;secret that she had given birth to a child, informing hcrwhere.it could'be found. She also said she had visited Newonryport, and undergone an operation at the hands of Dr. Jas. A. Tilton. a regular practitionerhouse for the sake of wearing a thousand-dollar cash- yearn; have chartered him a dozen times, and sailed with hiiin;, mere shawl, what is there to astonish us in seeing a the money filled the hag nearly half full; a common shot bag wrijlhold abort $2C0insilver; #100 makes aclever little bunch. AKREST OF A CANADIAN THIHP.—Julius Simpson, Mr. Sayles proceeded to detail the circumstancesj<?fbecome £ieequal ofthe fcrnme de chambre, andthe committed by river pirates, driven from their ush^.1 goods, was arrested in thw city on Thursda r, by Of-val was based on! what seemed to us to be the plain .M.AKTIN J. CRAWFORD, J. P . BENJAMIN,LUCIUS J. GARTRELL, JOHN H. REAGAN, JOHN R. MORRISON,of that city. She gave a minute account of the man- the operation was performed, a descrip-the' excitement which followed upon ^pmuiisaion pf alias Beers, who is accused of having robbel Isadore The cook, through the contagion of luxury, aspires to the.se murders. H e suggested that it might have been Samson, a jeweler in Montreal, of $3,000 worth ofjneaning of the resolutions embraced in that platform.Daring the four years, however, which have since •JA-MES JACKSON, •lion of the instruments employed, and of her terriblesuffering. Shebeggedhermothernottoallowher shebecomes-'aloreitc. TheseragliosoftheBrddaquar-: alsohavecommittedthesimilairmurderonboardan- •daynightlastSimpson,havingbeenrobbedof$5byapreservation its permanent existence depend*.W h a t i s t h e nistory o f t h e recent Convention a tCharleston?SeventeenStates,forming a majorityofthewhole,gcmery'BIair before our State Republican Convention, showing the unequal representation i n the Legislature ofthe northern andsouthern countiesofMaryland, and whichwaspublishedin'THETBIBCNKofMay11ford], Coroner, summoned the followingi jurors: R . G .Walker,N.S.Kimball,E.P.Hill,JacobHow,DanielPalmer, and N. S".Howe. The Jury was organized at4o'llockp.m.onSaturday, bychoice ofE.P.Hillforqnian, and proceeded to the inquest upon view ofthorities, endeavoring to fhow that th e spot on which] him a t Lyons Hotel, where be was sroppingij Nearlyadopted with remarkable unanimity a platform of prin- the free white population of this (Cecil) county is set ciplessowordedastoavoidthepossibilityofruiscon- downat,15,472."ThisisaccordingtotheCensusof strnction—principles deemed political axiom's by all who I860. At the State'election last Fall, Cecil polled overall classes of society. We are informed that this pro- ducea.but little effect upon the audience; that but few ofthempromisedtoreduce their peculations one-half duringLent,andinshort,thattheresultwasbynothis murder w a s committed w a s in Queens County, andnotonthehighseas. Heclaimed that Congress badnopowertodefine andpunish piracycommitted within the jurisdiction of the States. A proper indict>{ mentmustallegethatthecrimewascommittedontheiall the stolen goods were found m liis roomj and the remainder were recovered at various placesWhore he had disposed-ofthem. Simpson isnowlockedup,uphold the equal rights of the States aathe very basis of the Confederacy. Many delegates from the remain- i n g s i x t e e n S t a t e s c o n c u r r e d i n o p i n i o n w i t h t h i s m a -jority, conspM-notts among whom were delegates from Pennsylvania and New-Jersey.4,000 votes, .and her free white-'population isnow 25,000 a t least. The "other northern counties have in- c r e s s e d i n a b o u t a n e q u a l r a t i o , w h i l e Che i n c r e a s e o f white population in the southern counties has been very Hi^nt. Yet w e are obliged to submit to this un- just representation for several years to come. T h e Constitution of our State provides that the Legisla-Wi liam Cogswell of Bradford, assisted by Dr. S. K . To1 vie, which w e understand confirmed the opinion of t h e a t t e n d i n g p h y s i c i a n s , D r s . C h a e e ' a n d F l i n t , t h a t t h e cat ee of Miss Roswell's death was inflammation, occa- sioned'by miscarriage.The inquest was cloned on Tuesday a t 12 o'clock, but the evidence and verdict are a s yet withheld from t h e public.following piece of testimony proves what everybody knows:The Court stated that this was not tho proper place to raise this question; it could be raised on demurrer o r b y m o t i o n f o r a r r e s t o f j u d g m e n t , a f t e r v e r d i c t .— - — ......1;THE CHAMBSRLAIKCY.—A telagram waareceived o n T h u r s d a y m o r n i n g , f r o m C o n t r o l l e r H a w S a t C h i -lished, shall apportion the members of the House of and New-Jersey. These seventeen States united With Delegates among the counties according to the popula-County. T h e prisoner had been identified by-a large cused, it was remarked that dnrmg several years he where witnesses had no -previous acquaintance withthis settles the matter for the time being.—— • . h[Advertueicet.r.]DEBILITY ASD'K"ERV<W» HEAPAGPE.Second Letter from t h e R e r . Calvin Damon, HaveirbSIl, Mass. HATKRUIW, Mass., Sept 22. 1859.Pennsylvania alone comprise a majority ofthe entire electoral vote o f t h e United States, able' t o elect t h e liemocratic nominees against th e combined opposition of all the remaining State*.tion; but, as the Legislature meets only biennially,the earliest period a t which we can hope to be represented accordingtothenewapportionmentwill beJanuary. 1864. T h e Census of 18G0 will then show 600,000had stolen ten bottles.of wine per day. And such wine ! From all the points of tho accusation the prison- er defended himself with more orlessability, but when itcametothetenbottlesofwineperday,hearguedthe person were common, and frequently shown to be mistakes. .He had recently had several remarkabl cases of this. I t had no^beenproven that any crim hadbeencommittedbyhim. Thes'oopwasmarine bytwopowerfulmen,weighing180to190pounds,an another weighing 130 pounds. These meu had disar>*•!Vi" patriotism of the party, that, claiming to be national," and claiming t o have principles for its guide, it should*«ackoowJbdgeforhsdeclarationoffaitnacreeduponmtakes a north-westerly course, until, meeting a line of such pains as circumstances would permit to obtain asrocky hills, it glances'off with a beautiful curve to the near as possible all the facts and. circumstances con- nected with it.fact leas faithjW in devotion to principles, were morehopeful of obtaining from their brethren some satisfac-The Montour Company have four furnaces in blast, pirson^fitty miles off. I was' at.thetim'e about thirty to i\let go," which they did. H e rose rapidly and, scratch. There must have been a terrible struggle; Jai.d jariang sensation that I thought1 it (although an un- numerous spectators below rent the air'with their loudpi^ttts^oros* Virginia was '--j(**^ S^-ir 4& <v*-Vf4 ,'*' 'my^V,»«...•-•,-.; i !,(•;.I- 4•."*. ,;i- . U ••„,'' ;<&i•••' thw<-;/M\k -i i j •'.''.;::' ::'''.','•-'•'•JSJJJ;to5,aad«W»P'«•vwttaionWs,k'<-^AOhio;and_J*nm«at»-and^p j^foTheyhave alargebodyfallintoafieldcloseby;theother,look- thetreehecaughtsomelimbs,whilehisballoouft,e^ believethatCapt.Burrpartedwithmstwatclwhidfc 6 r he bad carried for nine years, t o a p»wnbrok< r; thatprinciples.It is plain that, if the Convention shall a t Baltimoreadopt a satisfactory platform of principles before pro-ceeding to select its candidates, the reason which dic-tatedthewithdrawalofthedelegationsoftheeightStateswillhaveceased,andnomotivewillremainforrefusing to unite with their sister Statesnor for holdingsoon afterward a stone weighing four pounds fell near them, striking the ground so obliquely as to. ricochet.than 100 men.he; would not sum ap the 4t&m\ there werehe ad- three points which he wished C*,e xamine, andfue aFrom this statement of facts; is it not evident that the wiseandprudentcoursenowtohepursuedbythedele- gations of the eight States is to defer assembling inwhosellliquorsohSundavcan, ifunlicensed,onlybe. proceededagainstinacivilactionfor-therecoveryofpiece,or,ifpossible,oneofthe stones.entire; butall exceptthelargestonewerebrokenup,andthepieces distributed among persons who; while the marvel lasts,varado on (he 1st inst., for Vera Cruz.doing just what the Silas Wrights, a n d David Wil- Richmonduntil the necessity for such meeting shall be- PO fide. ; . , , :.4 ".Tuote,andPrestonKingsdidontheWilmotPro- comeimperative? Oughttheynot,inviewofthe Inipisyouareallwrong. Theselling,ofliquors,Yiao; just what the Hamhns, andBankses, andBout- already altered condition of affairs; to return to the at aiy time and o« any day, without a license, ismade a misdemeanor—an indictable ofiense—by t h e the Forneys, and Hickmans, and Pughs, and Brod- the struggle for tho recognition of sound Democratic act of 1857.: Under the latter act and the New Policedetachment ofmarines at Tampico, arrivedatVeraMrs.A.W.Benson,Mrs.A.Clapp,M«>.Cba3«.Mn». WlCofton. Mr».T. L . Cuyler, Mr»i A . H . Dana, Lin. C. Dun7ift«,.j!|Mnt. IX Ei.E«os.'Mrs.K.Elmcndorf,Mrs.J.?.Fritz,Jfi»iKull^t;m . jweBadid o n the Kansas-Nebraska bill; just what Convention, a t Baltimore and aid their sister States, in'*£^arldka,andhimselfdidonLecomptow. Ateachprinciples7Mayitnotbethattheirvoteswould actitsthejdutyofthepolicetoenterallplaceswherewhom,- if desirable, you might possibly obtain it for theSmithsonian.: ',Y ou could, I'presume, obtain further information and • probably a specimen by writing to Dr. M- McConnell ortheRev. Dr.Seigfred,atConcord,Ohio. Iwrite under very untavorable circumstances, but hope that you will be able to decipher it.YonrR truly,JNO. C. TIDBALL, Liwitonant U. S. Army.B^ydo, Mra. Vkher Howe, M n . J. B.' Hotchiiwon, Mf»; S. B . wereatKeyWestonthe7/thinst. Allcontinuein IJvtMnH, Mn».C.S.Kuight,MM.W.g>Karr,Mm. mmn«dr,#** submit t o Southern demands, until, th e p o w - the Union ia characters so clear as to defy misconstruc- selling andlbring him, as for a misdemeanor committed-er o f t h e Northern wing o f t h e party having tion? on vi< w bekbre tho nearest magistrate, to bo then dealtJuat about totally disappeared, the remaining Supposeforamomentthatinthislaststrugglefor withlas.thelawdirects. WhenyouassentedtotheThe Club met on Thursrdayand arranged for the an-nual regatta, which will take place on Thursday, Rev. 'Dr. Farley read a portion of the Scnptures.shattered columns make a final stand under the right they should again be overborne. Is it not, stupid doctrine of law thrown out by Cornwall, did it Prof. JOSEPHHBKRY, Smithsonian Institution, D. C. !iJHEW|S:i(>ItK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY MAY 19, 1860.0'mmctanbto' Vermont^ and Michigan, there should be ex- i anotherlfamace nearly completed, which 1$ (jMSnlated5 hreei\fad d i s c e r n e d o f a d i s p o s i t i o n o n t h e p a r t o f t h e C o n v e n t i o n w h i c h & y i e l d m g a b o u t 6 0 t u n s o f . i r o n p e j r ; w e e l c j s o n i c h e s m &VjBthT l i m e s t o n e s o i l . I t , w a s s t i l l s o h o t t h a t l o o n w a s ^ d i s t i n c t l y s e e n f r o m t o w n , a n d c a u s e d s o m e ' * -*S?^f- • ^ « n * 0 W v ^ ^ ^ Thje time j had 'notT h e t uhowever,wethinkthat..distinct*intimations maybe another!furnace, managed byMr.-J.ViIi.'-De\^t; whereithadburieditselftothedepthOfabouttwenty lenitytogetdownbutof,thetree. ThebLing^W^ ^ loved. l o v e d .TheJapaneseEmbassyfillsthecity. Itabsorb*tore«^efromitsdetermination,,andtoaffor^,either that;aejyoumi^ysee,thislittleplaceoccupiesnomean it*QV}<1scarcWrDe^e^mtn®^^^B.Fromthe'direc-painfulapprehensionforhissafety,which,however,->uYankeesailor-boysgaveup,the girlstheyleft'behind them'wli e. Couldthemenwhohadworkedw;afterdaybemistakeninhisidentity, bargain which the prisoner droveHmrersaiattention. Oufcridoofpoliticalcircles byanamendmentoftheplatformorinsomeother position;ui!thef>:ohindustryofthecountry. tioninwhichirentexred:tneeftTtb'itafal1appeared;to *MJbereMinitMBgelse. TheJapanese maybecu- mannerequallysatisfactory, suchrecognitionofprin- Thcr iajafinefanningcoutryaroundhero,andthe -beVerticaU Itsweight^asfitty-one pounds,andits ciplesaswouldeffectuallyobviatemisconstructionand "Wintercropslookprettywell,thoughtheSpringhas shapeirregular,long,antl^ttened. Itenteredthe '^^lb^:lMifhe.€9irio«ity# of the Yankees cannot b e secure the harmonious action of tho party, and that it been too djry to suit farmers. T h e mountains around ground point foremost. ThebtheT^ w?»ch fell upon thewassoonrelievedbybissafereturn."fence, weighed forty-two pounds; > n1 } Q d e 8 c e n |join in the ballots, which took place with no other many interesting and beautiful specimens. A short buried itself m the earth,- having a direction Our Navy Yardp are once, more beginning to loom g P o f tffe Watts; it wai,* bargain.seal.•;fy$bmk* O u r people throng their door-ways a n d was only becanse of these intimations that the delega-$ -&*P* *a the streets that pass their dwellings. I t is tions of the remaining Democratic States consented to speciesJpf jwbich is highly fossiltforous and contains it cut through the rails o f the* fence andclothes, and money, of Capt. ru'iJi Watte, and the clothes andare rich in! minerals, a n d especially in iron ores, one*show,andallshowsdraw. Ifitwereatribeof effectthantoinduceanadjournmenttoBaltimoreto timesince,hshelllikeaperfectscrewwasfoundinit,, apparentlyfromthenorth-east. Aboutonean'5a "«? upinalltheiroldvigor,andinlessthanamonththeysecular sheets,judpngfrom the moral tonewhichyouradesoftheoldDemocraticorganizationwith great shalldisappointthejustexpectationsof~tbe remaining itthe Stamp ofyour assent, when such a decision figure and had..thesame generalappearance, hav-<Jay.weighedabouttha-ty'pounds,,andappearedtohaveanadjourned meeting'atBichmond. Onthootherg^,;. Mr. Douglas assailed his Southern pofctical coirt- hand, if the Convention, on reassembling aTjJftltimore, aegum<i, topromulgate[a false decisionof law, and give fallen vertically. A il the stone's were irregular: inTheUnitedStatessteam-frigateRoanokehaslefther Jote anumerousaudiences ThecSUdiffmoc^^pedthe platform, and presented a seat and, weir caret vfor a p -drawandunitewith theeight Stateswhichhavead- reformatorymeasures oftheday. Inyour issueof exterior coating was,however,very thin—not over Hfc> stand by the Cincinnati platform.. H e showed journed to Richmond. In either event there would bo this morning you assent to the false principle enuncia- one-fiftieth of un inch in thickness. Within, thestones,;RobineonandCuylej\and tfceehildr<«iicontrim|<»d to before leaving. : the mtereet of the occasion by singing;.dialogue^, roci-The United States ships Brooklyn, Saratoga, Savan- terions, Sec., The oflicers of the Association, elej i^datM ii2^5P3r MM*their encroaching temper in refusingteryplainly,whatistrue enough,thatthe present unanimousactioninsupportofourprinciplesbyallthe tedby|JusticeCornwallofBrooklyn,thatonlyparties hadanashycolor,andcontainedfineparticles*ofsomeStates which can be relied on for casting Democratic demand of the South fora Slave Code forthe Ter- electoral votes.ahihing substance^ probably native nickel. Inclosed I thecrijminalphase oftheExcise'law, andthatthose a^rge'lump. Itwas mydesire to sendyoualargonah, and Pocahontas were at Vera Cruz on the 30th ofFor it is a striking fact, not to be overlooked in this in 3d Parker's" New-York'Criminal Reports, that a connection, that whether the vote had been taken e n - clerk,[jagem,"or barkeeper, c a n b e convicted if foundtirely bv States or by delegates, in either .event there conducting]an unlicensed house at any time, whether on was a clear majority in the Convention in favor of the Sundays or( week days. Such a conviction was had as recognition of sound constitutional principles, and it will be seen by reference to the book referred to.theslightesttroubletoknow anything about the;wit-. •nese of his private life, the'spy which he takes into his house, the shadow which is to walk in his shadow. And there are of these spiesnearly a hundred thousand in this Paris, which has the folly to believo that it is sowell defended.Let us raise the curtain a little. Paris draws h e fyvhichsheis expectedto makewithlittleornocargo.of Education, the same as any DistrictSc" 1. I n (conclusion, they return thanks to legal gentl en and [physicians for services and aid rendered.The report of the Treasurer shows a prOsporooa state of the finances, there being $821 69no|vrinhitt jbands. ' • ' .was only b y taking part of the votes by States as units and another part b y divided States that a n apparent and factitious majority succeeded in preventing that recognition.Y our comments dealers, a n d thus against the laws.a r e calculated t o mislead liquorTRIAL OFHICK?—FIFTHDAY.theywillwhentoeFederalCourtshalldecideandgratitudeoftheirDemocraticbrethren. andindustriousgardener,livingonHarrisonstreet,taketheproportionsofthebanyan.Theseignorant against.them(asthatCourtsurelywill,unless/ Thecontrarycoursewould,webelieve,hepro- nearHawke'sHollow,inHaverhill.Mr.Roswellis womenwhowerecharitablypaidbutafewyearsagofore,askedforanadjournment.:•iductive ofmischievous consequences. Time doesnot the father of nine children, six ofwhom are married.two orthree dollars a nmnth as Servants, now, undersnubbed by Republican successes), but they will be jib unable V> take their present followers with them. And thisisprecisely themeasure of these gentle-men's usefcbvaa. They are creating recruits for the J&epubiiciiu army, which in due time will join itsj. s.p.ADDRESS TO THE NATIOXAL DEMOC- RACY.the United State*.Theproceedingsof.theConvention recently assem-bedchamber. Shedailygrewworse,andonTuesday' ollowing the premature delivery Dr. E . B. Sawyer ©pinion between the delegations of the different States tion remaining in our country; in its final disruption; was called in; and subsequently she was also attended by Drs. Chase and Flint. There was strong evidence of illegal operation having been performed. She con- •inuedtosifikuntilWednesdaynight,whenshe-died.Judge Smalley charitably intimated that Mr. Gravesmight haVe met with some accident, aud adjourned thec o u r t u n t i l n o o n . " •"- . ' / , s m a l l c h a n g e , a n d t h e f o l l o w i n g p e t i t i o n a d d i e s s e d t oEvidently, the delegations already elected are the only but whether alone o r in company does n o t appear, re- ones that can act,. and they must act on their own turning home about midnight. She worked in the shopas usual on the three following days, and o n Saturdayvants; in more than one family—I ought to say in more than a thousand—the eldest daughter has- become t h e domestic of the family, at the expense of her beauty,o r t e nMr. Sayles, without formal opening, called Commis-judgment in a juncture which does n o t allow oppor-ToThe'EditorofTheN.Y.Tribune.seentofall;another,however,wasfoundwhichhad falleninthe woods andlodgedintheearthamong"aTHK BKOOKX.YKOKPK/WT Asyr.^Mt-^Th^anmiefsary' jeiercises of tlie Protestant Orphan A«ylum were held hijtlie Atbeneum, Atlantie St.,onThurwdaye^enlbg be-THE LICENSE LAW.The direction of this appeared to ho from the north. ,. The United States steamer Dakota, recently re- jounied the Court untiS this m^rnious: at 10 o'clock The four .stones above-mentioned were all,that wereSm:; Your paper should be the last among the many thick cluster of roots surrounding a beach tree. I tmooringsatHamptonRoads,andgoneuptotheNavy )rt effect yeeterday. H e demonstrated their incon- Democratic States, their delegations cannot fail to with- strikes directly at the enforcement of one of the great ing a blackened, smooth, vitrified surface. This Yard, where she will ship coal and replenish her store pearance. Addresses wers made iSbf the 'Be ¥•' I ».increaset h enumbero f offenders s. r . Q. it.The United States Circuit Court w a s again opened yesterday morning to proceed with the trial of Hicks for the murder of Captain Burr and the Watts boys, onwas taken sickj complaining of extreme coldness and her health and her future; Continue this for a certain sioner White, before whom the preliminary examina- ,^ar;* inoouneelwiththeirDemocraticbrethrenthroughon: sal,then,bythedele'gatesofthesecedingStatesto distreeB. .. '..,-•.-'•:, numberofyears,andyouwillfindthesocialchange tionwas'made,toshowsomediscrepanciesbetween****fallinthescale,whilethecowsoftheMoselleandthe Mr.White,however,couldnotbecertain-thatamark with quarters inthocells. Shewastolewbly well swine of Normandy will have nobody to keep them.' made on the chart was made by Capt. Downs on his dressed, and her appearance is wall calculaj ed to de-.The passion for luxury, this leprosy of unhealthy first examination. Itspoeition was quite different from' ceive the unwary. Some days ago she-was appre- civilization, i.«,it is true, a great_ element of corruption that subsequently made before the Court. Jand demoralization forParisian servants. The exam- Mr. Graves now camein. hended for intoxication, and sent to the Couit, where pleofthemistressesisnotlostuponthe'servants; Capt.BarnsofKeyport—IgaveCapt.Burr$100"n sheputinpracticehorbeggingpropensityandre-Ibled at Charleston have developed a divergence of division of our party, the sole conservative organiza-worse thah all, in the endangering of the successful in relation to the principles which form the basis of our assertion -of its principles, compared with which thereturn to Baltimore, a refnsal to defer the Richmond meeting until there rioall be an nncontrolable necessity for holding it,would inevitably result-inincurableOn Saturday night or Sunday she was delivered of a to be enormous. Here are tw o great evils without the testimony of Capt. Downs before him and before;1-hTKR E. LOVE, JOHN J. JONES, .ner in which iu c opviauun w a s iicuumicu. cij'emvic tie chambre in turn aspires to be the lady. So haunts about the city by the harbor police, who might ficers Lynt and Sparks of the Fourth Ward. Oh Mon- ter are filled almost entirely with cookswho have made other sloop on the same night, j In cases of admiralty,but one leap from the range to the boudoir, not having this Court had a special and liupted jurisdiction,derivea •frail woman, called upon Officer Lynt to' arrest hor. pasted through the drawing-room, but only having seen from laws of Congress passed under the Constitution of In th e investigations' which followed, the officer had what hrdone there. / ' - our country, which gives power to define and punish his suspicions aroused, and concluded to watch-platform—principles,inourjudgment,subversiveof 9thetimetheorvoftheGovernmentand<ifTheConsti-TothtEditorofTheN.Y.Tribune.• lectmen,whoforbidtheburialofthebodyuntilanin- fore,hadsomuchpower,andnomore."Ithad"no<»on.AfterassociatingwithhimforseveralSlays,theintervened,ithasbecomepainfullyapparentthatthe JOHNW.H.UNDERWOOD. construction deemed b y u s so manifestly right, is con-troverted b y many members of our party; that 6ther UNEQUAL REPRESENTATION principles are supposed to find countenance in that LAND.body to be opened,-and acquitted her intended of anyblame in the matter.IN MARY- The circumstances attending the death of the youngqueJt could be held. Owing to the illness of'Coroner disinterestedness of cooks toward their masters in common-law jurisdiction. H e proceeded- to read au- officer became convinced of bis guilt, and so arrested 1tution to which our Union owes its birth, and on whose SIR: In the table appended to the address of Mont-EatO' ' of Haverhill, Jonathan Kimball, esq., of Brad- their bargains with tradesmen extends to and corruptsI aJSrming thej>rinciplesof the Cinciimati platform, with- Will the non-slaveholders of onr State forever remain THE METEOjRIC STONE SHOWER IN3»ajorityofthedelegatesoftheremainingsixteenStates; and a resolntion w a s adopted in its «ead, simply rc-—?rof. Hc-my of the Smithsonian Institution has re- ceived the subjoined letter descriptive of the recent vmy remarkable shower of meteoric stones in Ohio. Noticesofthisphenomenonhavealreadyappeared,but noliewiththefullnessandparticularityofthefollow-couldhavemurderedallthesemenwithoutrec«iying,phyxicianj alltonopurpoao,andwax finally a**niredbyheroutexplanationormteroretationofitsdispuU-'dmean-blindtotheirowninterests?\ •. OHIO.lars oi the rich by their inaitres d'kdtel and their.priu- cipalemployes withouttheslightestsuspicionofcrime. The Court was confounded—rbut not with adniira-'tion.inadimnemtof sight, with floating specka before her eye*, fol- lowed*oonbvaKevcrepain in thehead,ana thenp3u*eaand vomilbix of tbo most dbitreBBUig nature. The«c tnrni would la*t from twelve to twenty-fonr lioura, and were very prostrating in. their efl'ect*. For tin: last few yoera they were almost inevitably induced by over-exertion, or excitement from any cau*e, how- ever alight, even such as wore consequent upon making and re-CALVES- DAMOJ*. SOXXTIOX O * Pii»k-The Court interposed with a statement ot the law, TOXlI>K OK Inos COMBIKKD, U sold by all druggi»ttajing. This was done with th e openly-avowed purpose of enabling the Democratic party to wage battlf; with pome chance of success in certain Northern and Western States b y presenting to the people as its doctrines, principles openly a n d expressly repudiated b y a ma-jorityoftheDemocraticStatedelegation*},andbya jnajority approaching unanimityottheDemocratic .electoral v©t«*of the Union.The delegations of eight States, together with a por-tionofthatofDelaware,faithfuladherentsofour•party aad firm supporters o f its principles, were thus,by sheer force of votes cast by delegates from Statesthat wiH eertainlv vote for the Republican candidates,compelled t o withdraw from the Convention, because,Elktw,M i , May 12,1R60."W. P . EWTNG.PENNSYLVANIA.induce on acquittal.The Court took u recess.Mr. Hunt, in reply, merely read a few authority sin support of the jurisdiction of the United States over the Lower Bay.Representatives;and125,000inthesoutherncounties, quiredsureties. represented•bv 13Senators and32Representatives. 1,Most'ofthemdeclaredthatperhapstheprisonerhadgonealittle,toofarintakingten bottlesper day,that\is, about four thousand bottles per year, b u t that in re-alitythistaxhadbeenforcenturieslaiduponthe-cel-party.;thedoubt,atanyrate,wouldbesogreatasitofromweakneao.ShewouldhaveapremonitionotlkernickneasDANVIIXE, Renn.,May2,18G0.THEnautic Bcene w a s recently enacted in Jacksonville, Alabama, as will be seen by the following extractwoman were' of so"suspicious a character that oh Sat- urdayacomplaintwaslodgedwiththeBoardofSe-Wepassoverthatportionwhichshowshowthe felonyandpiracyonthehighseas. ThisCourt,there-In consequence of the disclosures made by Miss Ros-wtll, Mr. Sylvester Chase, actingunder authority fromth<: selectmen of Haverhill, proceeded to Newbury porton,Monday, and obtained.a warrant for the,arrest ofD». Tilton. Hewasaccordingly apprehendedandbrought before the Police Court in Newburyport, generally with so much earnestness and'assurance that where he was held to bail in the sum of $2,000 for hiB the tribunal, somewhat surprised, called in several••This busy little town is very prettily located on theri^lit bank of the Susquehanna River, which is horeabout 800 feet wide. The general course of the riveris to the south-east, but in its windings between themountains it makes many graceful curves, an<i'as itswaters strike against a hold, rocky bluffjust above thetown and on the opposite side, they are driven off with k.ijj)gum County, Ohio. Lest yon should think ita the Court-House. A large number of persons of thein the language o f a distinguished delegate, they felt-**that'Awasaburningimputationuponthehonorand suchviolencethatforthenextmileortwothentream hoax,orat-leastanincorrectaccount,Ihavetakentownandvicinitycollectedatvariousplacesaround andthepointwasdropped. t,1the equare to witness the feat.. The inflation com-, . Mr. Graves proceeded to say that the prosecutiohrooneed about 2 o'clock,, and was continued abput two had proved that Capt. Burr received $335 m miver ^ndhours, the.furnace being supplied during the time with goldfand because-f 150 was found on the pmoner t leywood andpine,andalcohol burned•severaltimesto accusedhimofthemurder. HowcouldtheprHcri- and all Skin Deformities. OOCKAUD'SPov»RB ScifTiLKup'.dreamyvillageof Northumberland; eleven-milesbe-GOURATJD'S I T A U A N MEDICA TED S 4 \ P ia t h o only reliable article for curing Tan, Pimples, Blotches, Freckles•••i•VThe scientific reader will find in this matter room largeinquiryandspeculation: •"'•;".HKNTJUKYSMTUG, Ohio, May 9, 1860. EAKPIIOFESSOR: You will doubtless seein the pa- pers an account of a shower of meteoric stones that foil ori[the Istinst. near the village of Concord, in Mns-" 3Ione. Wells of New-Orleans, the aeronaut, madethe first balloon useension ever witnessed at this place'on Saturday last. The temporary furnace for inflating identity in cases of crime. H e w as proceeding: to the slizhtest intimation of its approach. . his balloon "was erected on the public square, north of:-jugjing in another ^j^^pii^'ed^Mp^m; which fell upon afence. Withinabouttwentyminutes^theyajpprdacneduplowinginafieldheardastrangewhizzingsoundover- will beasfull ofbustleandbusinessasever. Them MrKlodoftbe^U ^ 8 ^',t ' ^r^fflrVthe18thofJune,while theseceding delegationsad- journedtomeetatRichmondonthe2dMondayofthesame month.Onthisstateoffactsthepathseemsopenfor"theunitedactionofthepariyyanduoinsuperableobstacleopposestherestorationofitsharmony. Sobelieving,. anothesbytheiron-works,whilemanyothersare"s«o-weinsistthatourposition.asrepresentativesofDemo- jFarinf?\mev!r,andgetalivingbyboatingonthecanal-stoneweighingthirty-sixpoundswhichhadfallenuponcratic States and constituencies forms no just bar to. in Sumkner,'while in Winter they live on whisky and and imbedded itself in a.decayed log. It was supposed and ready for sea* There are between 500 and 600 the murdered man, who w** "*°]" youn, • : ourright,butratherimposesonusthe.dutyofjoining euchrej Whisky!isdecidedly"thefavoritebeverage thatithadinitsfalladirectionfromthesouth- men.onboardofthoReceivingshipPennsylvania,and; Theprisoner,mtant^io*an*low-in-P*' andourcounselswiththoseofourDemocraticbrethren, here,asPresidentBuchanandrinksit,andthewateris east.NearClaysville,'ab.out,sixmilesdistant,two about450menemployedmtheNavyYard.TheMa-fingeredafoldofp«^rner^^uHiy« ?>...-•., , and uniting in their efforts to secure the triumph of our hard and limy. Respectfully yours, VKHATOB. gentlemen walking., out heard the explosion j and very rine Barracks a t NorfolJfc are garrisoned by a little,less Judge Smalley said that at' tftu. •* 3ate hour ^ f clock;ameetingoftheDirectorsthedayprevious,arlas<oi~ who are licensed to sell liquorsbring.themselves within send you a very small,specimen, which I picked off of ApriL The war steamer Constitution sailed from Al- lows': ' ' ,attachtothemgreat-value.Thelargestone(yetun-' Cruzonthe24thofApril. , :servant steal from her mistrens enough to buy a fifty- dollar French cashmere. . The difference is very Blight.T h i s m a l v e r s a t i o n i s n o t o n l y a t r a d i t i o n a m o n g t h ePERILS OFBALLOONING-.—Anexciting,aero-Mr.Gravesfollowed,readingthewell-knowncase oftheBournes,who,inVermont,.confesmodtothe crime of murder, hut were afterward proved innocent.The shower took place between 12 and 1 o'clock ji.low,whereitisjoinedbythe"WentBrandi."The ml'.Thedaywasunusuallycoolfortheseasonofthe hastentheprocess. tionaccountfor'thorestoftheimoney2,Hisclient rootsHairfromanypartofthebodv. Warranted. Foundat.•.{".whichareplacedtwodistinctlyoppositemterpreta-**taons by its own advocates." -. Lackawanna and Bloorusburg Railroad, which com- year,.and the sky was about two-thirds overcast with When fully inflated, M. Wells got into his hoopand confessed "that he exchanged $150 ynjh Mr. Jaxnaj, the old estabiishod Depot, No. <»7Walier-st. 1 ,which place the cars will probably be running regu- larlvbythe1stofJune..thpae near by i^resembled a severe clap of thnndermthose holding it down to " let go." In lifting the bottomup to Cedar street. H e never was on board ot Jthe. I i80and,butwas'accompanied bya jarring-sensation,The chief business of this town is its Iron-Works, •w! nch, together with the noise, was felt and heard a t a- edge of the cloth of which it was made took fire. Some The most astonishing thing about this prosecution Wdsoverthechimneyofthe fnrnace, however, thelowerwhich are "very extensive, and give employment to mjich greater distance than the effect, of thunder. I t of those holding it told the aeronaut, and tried to put it the .charge that this one man should kill these,tarda,,1/ Occluding a £-.w delegates from t h e seceding States),- more than a thousand men. wjis observed and remarked a s sonftthiiig peculiar by • ontr but he not understanding them, again gave orders men, powerful a s tbey were, and not receive a single- . tAdvertisement. 1 . w HEADS.-—See, m auothef column, an j Adverttse- which are now yielding, in all, about 400 tuns o f pig miles distant, and HOextraordinary was the detonation majestically, wavmg h is cap over his headr while the' blood was spattered on the ceiling, blood evciyvvhere, meat uudextliishoad. Exsuniimtions daily by FOWLKR & WJSLJUViron per week, and a rolling-mill, which has a capacity but no blood on him; no mark of violence uppnj h|s No. 308 Broadway, with charts, and full written Idfcscriptlons, however, their determination also to withdraw if their The iron business, however, is now so dull that they, hi facty such was the general opinion of all who heard Wells did not look much larger than a man's hand, and Mr. Hunt stated that the only questions of law upon :tory xecognitioa. of sound principles, and decided onremaining in the Convention, after distinctly declaring, •of turning out 3,000 tuns of finished rails per month. known occurrence in this region) an earihuuake shock; •J^dfepeated huzzas. Jt reache<l an altitude whereM. 'person.- '.' . '"j j}' howias; the talents, dofvets, and proper occ^psiiosju,;Ijustexpectatiorwshoaklbedisappointed. are onlyrollingone"tun perday,and making about '.it§ To'thosenearwherethestonesfell,severaldistinct waswaftedbyagentlebreezeinanorth-eastdirection, which there hadbeen anyquestion hadbeenrr1"' It is thos apparent that there was almost entire unan- 1500 tuns of raib p e r month, N o t having a market ifeports were heard—accounts vary from six to twelve and landed in a large oak tree about a mile from the upon by the Court, and he had nothing to say.imityofj^ri&capleinthedelegatioiasoftheonly States fortheiron,theyarepilingitupintheiryards,audat -jitneyrwereinrapidsuccession,perhapsnotoverasec- Court-House. '•-••.;••.,r-t•;••:'•'"•-•<>•"• Mr.Dwight"summeduptheevidenceforthe<3d{'•' '^ • ' [Advertisrmentl ^ {GAS ! G A S ! — N E W G A S F I X T C B E S fortheSprinaj trade,snpeilortoanyeveroflerodbo&wo,vnHb«fo<mdt£otafon which ahooutte reliance c a n be placed for J>emo- the present moment have nearly J,0(K) tuns of raUs ond ot time between them. So strange was the sensation Mone. W . discovered the fire when theballoon had ernment. He-said'that he had hoped that there might groat Manufacturing Depot. Eomovod to No. 57? Bro«d-«r«T, cratic electoral vote*, while there existed diversity of there, waiting for purchasers. The Rough and Ready tlkt cattle in the fields ran startled at it. Four stones got several hundred feet highland used all the means have been some chance of the innocence of- the prison- oppositoNiblo's. i WAxanm, PW7K&Co.opinion,astothelineofpolicybestcalculatedtosecure l£* trnannbofthose principles. Xor is it matter of furmfor- that i a sconjunction so unexpected and aiiom-sJoas,when,mtintenanciationofDemocraticprinci- oveiboxnebythatof—rr*T J • [Advertisement. JGrove^owloi whichisnowin.operation,yielding '"'eftrin^thereports,oneoftheinonlookedupandsaw andsoonburntmeetof{ttoashes. Wheaheatrock chainofevidence. ThedefeniewouldhavethoJury Method,unattendedbyriskorthelossoftime.C.D.'U.vxwoax*, M. D..No.«» Broadway, corner BoutUt. Omcoitotir. frowiMills,whicharealsolocatedhere,have.acapacitytor•vjereseento.fallandhavebeenrecoverod,butthe inhispowertoefl'ectaspeedybinding,fearingtje erfoundinthecourseofthetrial. ButhehadbWn•PbabiliticB are that many others fell. Two, which fire might burn the cords and let him fall. Soon aficr disappointed, i Nothing which h a d been asserted b ywithin about 600.yards of each other, were seen landing, the fire, which perhaps had been kept fr>m any of the witnesses had been contradicted. No at-the«elattermilluarethefurnaneesoftheMessrs. m& ?duple*ofmenwhowerelaboringin'afield, runninguptheballoonbvitarapidmotion,blazedno tempthadbeenmadetobreakanyonelinkhithe Successfullytreatedbyanentirelynew,snWiuxK*s-dpsinWarolling the 10,000 tuns o f rails per annum.and will be. enlarged a» fa«tas t h e bnjrinees will warrant.^ NearKERVOUS BEBUJTY,LOCAL AND GENERAL,Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com••:•- fess;' : • • • • -.:• ! '.;,-; Ai/Utf*i fj<smheii$M i-V.:^lL ' ; |•'..•..•MARINEAFFAIRS.'V>:'Vr-7:Xin fiveminutes.Afterwaiting tenminutesNAVAL INTELLIGENCE. .broken)isinpossessionofA.S.'Milhollana,from TheUnitedStatessteamersCrusaderandMohawk|Mm.J;B.Ga»«rfgne.Mm.W.,E.GrflBcry,Mrn.Qiubv,Mr*.June 7. We suppose the course will be the one usually The report of tbo i/'orrcHponding Secretary Was alsoDemocratic States, cannot for an instant be suspected ofan intention to refuse to redeem their pledge of with-drawal from a n assemblage which shall persistentlv de-termine on the sacrifice ofprinciples which they them- at all? The only difference between an unlicensedselves have declared indispensable for their united ac- and a licensed dealer, so far as. the Sunday question is sermon tothe cooks of Paris, from which THE TRIBUNE of out-door sports, and i« always to New-Yorkers, and occurred. There were ninety-eight children ufider the tiontoasupposedexpediency? Andwillnotallthe concerned,isthis:Ifalicenseddealershouldsellon translatesthefolloWingextracts. Withafewchanges thethousandsofvisitorsamongus,anaquaticgala, chargeoftheinstitutionatpresent,whoyierein- Democratic States thus withdrawing and adjourning to Sunday, one of the penalties would be the forfeiture ofRichmond be joined b y the true and faithful delegates" his liiieusdJ b u t a n walieensed dealer, it is obvious,of names, it is equally applicable to this country; Whatincrediblecarelessness:'isthis! TheParisian day.never takes the poorest clerk into his employ a t a sala- THE GREAT EASTERN.structed in reading, writing, occ, and in addioon, tlie firlswereinstructedinsewingandhouseholddutiesto-from Pennsylvania and New-Jersey, from Indiana andNew-York—aye,fromeveryoneofoursister-Stateswhere delegates arC found imbued with the living prin-ciplesofourparty,hutwhosevoicehashithertobeen mentarewrong. Inadditiontothis,andsotarasthe stifled in the Convention, because of their being in the liability of) a person in charge, or behind the bar,-of minorityoftheirrespectivedelegations?t them for after life. None Jtre received in the Schoolcould pot respond to that part of the penalty. Asingleglanceatthelawof1857willshowyon that-lain right, and that your,comments and indorse-anunhcencedhouse.isconcerned,ithasbeendecided.'impossibleorimaginarydangers;buthenevertakes anchorbersafelyofftheBatteryonherfirstvoyage, isnowunderthegeneralsaperintendebceoft!BoardThe answer t o all the foregoing questions seems t ous to beclear and plain. The line of conduct we sug-gest leads, i n our judgment, t o a reconciliation of dif-*lerenccs on a basis of principle. I t leads to the united"and harmonious action of our party. It does more, A sad caseof social crime and empirical practice, re- Moselle. The Bretons are characterized by Druidicinfinitely more. I t eecUres vastly added strength to sulting in the death of a youn^ woman, has, within thethatassertionofprincipleswhichnoneofuswouldfor lastfew days,beendeveloped:inthetownofHaverhill,an instant think of compromising; .it compels their in this Statei •recognition, and proudly vindicates the^ action of the The victim in this'instance w as Miss CarolineC he? Certainly they are not its perfume. sent. Mr. Sayles, his associate, said that Mr. Gravessecedingdelegates, whowill thus have securedthe Roswell,a^'Oungladvabout22yearsofage,daughter Theirmorality,ifindeedtheynave any.ideaofmo- hadgotupthecase,andhadthobrief with him, and at10£a.m.wascarried.object oftheirstruggle,.and have merited the applause of Mr. James Roswell, an Englishmah, and a worthy rality, isdeplorable. The tree has been allowed to he (Mr. Sayles) could not go on with it. He, there- An IMVOSTOR.—The Sixth Ward Police, oh Thurs-MYSTERIOUSDEATH MANOF A YOUNG \WO-From The Boston Journal.illusion'that there are two sexes along the banks of the \ for-the prosecution, Captain Nickerson, whose testi- mony is expected to settle the question of tho jurisdic-jkeepers' licenses. One of the latter was to :;he pro- prietors of the Everett House. Tho Board adheres to>- itsoriginal resolutiontositdaiiy until the fifty dayspermit the action of the regular organizations of ourpartyintherespectiveStates,andwhoalone have deathinrunningaBewing-machineintheshoemanu- doesnotconcernthemintheleast—asknotlessthan t h e p o w e r t o s p e a k t h e i r w i l l , t o m e e t i n c o u n c i l f a c t o r y o f M r . W m . L u c e o f H a v e r l i i l l . S h e w a s o n e i g h t t o e l e v e n d o l l a r s a m o n t h . W h a t i s s i n g u l a r i n and give instructions to their delegations. How is terms of intimacy with a young man named Wm. FOBS,- this is, that nothing is dearer for them; no matter how thevoiceofCalifornia"or of.Oregonto'bewhowasalsointheemployofMr.Luce..Thesus-heard in time ? How are the constituencies of Texas picions of the mother of Miss Roswell, that herand Virginia to meet in State Conventions and give daughter was in a delicate situation, appear to haveauthoritative expression of their will before the been aroused some six or eight weeks since, but uponmiddle of June ? How can the machinery be put in motion b y which t h e Democratic voters will direct attendance a t Baltimore o r Richmond i n accordanceCaroline w as employed for sometime before herthe pretext that all articles of food are higher—whichin the streets.The prisoner was then handcuffed aud takes! down the charitable of New-York: . 'Logically", the contrary should he the case. I n pro- portion as material life "becomes more difficult, the wa- gation, and manifested much feelingupon the subject. • ges of domestics should ^naturally diminish.- • Not onlyby Mr. De Angelhv and two or three others armedwith revolvers. It h'aabeen intimated that the prisoner any husine«st I am compeHed to solieit tho aid of tbo 1benevolenthigh rent, bread, wine, meat or oil may be, it makes no difference to them; they eat and drink' the more—that is all.stairs into the Marshal's office, where he was watched" Having, h y a combination of circnmstanc^i, been hedncedf to the necessity of earning a living for Uw support of: in invalid mother and tnytiolf, and Deingdeatitnte of means to iponimencoof this city, the object being t o open a email thread « i d needlo would, if he is allowed an'opportunity, commit suicide. store. Knowing that the citizens of New-York are ev :i ready tu At: noon-the Court reassembled, District-Attorney i aid all laudable enterprises, 1 am sanguine m y petftUm will not be made in vain. .The amallext donations will be received, and remembered with sincere gratitude. MARY D . STANLEY." •Among the contributors named on the paper are Margaret B. Astor, Lafayette place, $10; D.iJA. Lang- don, $5; Caroline Astor, $5; Henry J . Rayitond, $ 1 ; Thurlow Weed, $2; and otherw foufike amoc nts.Marywasquitedrunk,andbeingunabletogiveany female child, which she concealed in a trunk in her compensation. The daughters of the bourgeoisie will the Court. \ .. '••'.":'} satisfactory account of herself, she was accommodatedbeing questioned the latter persistently denied the alle-"that the exertions o f the Society were rewarded with South-Weet Spit, and return. This affair is generally success during the pa*t year. T h e general health oft-M. Leon Gozlan has preached, through the Pays, a looked upon asthe formal inauguration of the season the children had been good, and but onedeath hadp;:1i iTHE OYSTER-SLOOPm '•-MURDERS.,tservants from the provinces of the center, the JEast andthe West.; Most of her domestics come from Alsaceand Lorraine, poor, iron, untamable provinces,.nndis-*ciplinable except for war; th e Alsatian domestics are the oyster sloop E . A. Johnson. The court room w a s | EXCISE COMMISSIOKKUS.—The Board met a t noon on artillerymen in thedisguise of women, to'create the. thronged with spectators. The only remaining witness,filihinesp, a tilthiness which.has been immortalized byVictorHugo. Andif theBretons themselvesare notthe flower of neatness, what must the Breton domestics counsel for the prisoner, M r. Graves, w as also a b - shall have expired. A n adjournment until Saturdaytionofthe Court, wasstill absent. Butthe leadingMr. Sayles then turned his attention to the averi cngo, directing the Deputy Controller to rjeturn the them; it is'hardened into a law._ Some years ago a ments of the indictment, and proceeded to claim thatplaint against ite maitre d'hOlcl.Among the considerable thefts of which he was ac- number of persons, but such cases of ideutificationsomuch asonescratchuponhisbody. Itcould'not :argue that the United States Court had no jurisdiction,. Very gratefully yours,T h e PKRVVIAJC STRUI*, or PROTKCTBI>sloop B..A.'Johnson,andheneverknewCant.Burr.:nie'dical attendant that ber case wan not mnjh a* commonly p'aaar* be. This act must have been done by more than one under the name of »ick headache, bat a «iokn«»B revwtfr/g rafhor';1 ?tl1Mr.Dwight'sgraphk descriptionsdrtrwte: feeyeraloftheJury/aud,i."onitheiv^aial«rcJ•'" - CITY ITEMS.Friday, a n d granted t w o storekeepers' and 1wo inn-daynight,tookintocustodyawoman,ghringher name aa Stanley, whom they found grossly in oxicated>II 1M.1Ii:Upon her person was found 5Si cents i n  