 NEW YORK HERALD..»•. as*fight«inChathamandBroadstreets,occasionedan ofourforefathers,arenottobegovernedaew exciting debate, aad BBaotioa to concur with the by the rules which were prudent and mmItaly tor Cke Itali«n*-/rh- G-rffewidi Ileader. Thebloodshed**JthePope'smerce- • Meeting T o-night. ' nariee at Perugia cries ode from the-ground, The citizens of New York, without distinction aid Veneris pants under the Austrian yoke.of party, creed or nationality, are invited to as- Garibaldi is the sole hope of the oppressed semble at the Cooper Institute tills evening, "to nationalities. Let us, then, give him a substan-tial proof of American sympathy.•w^piiim^ • " '-•""'• ***»*" •* *•*» aaavM BNUnVaw.i, _v • •• ,ARRIVALOf THEBOHEWANOFFCAP£RACE^aam^mwA Millfen and a Half in field oi m**faj U> America.»*+•*—*~*~•———i^-^«-—__.»6ARLBALBI DOTTED TO IMff EMLAAD.*MA*AAMAMM*AM«Vt^BDEATH OF THE 00UHT OF 8YHJaClWE. ***•**** ——WBB • -i '1ii u-i.rtruySncceaaful Termination of the Horfl* At- lantic Telegraph Surrey.JAM HOVPICE w. w. COEVER or FCXTO* AN© MASSAC BTS.Aldermen, who refused to ratify the decision, was lost. Tl«amttofwB»refemdtotiKFiwDepirt- meat Committee. The Board concurred to pur- chare a steam Ire engine for Engine Companythree-quarters of a century since. O - i ^ f {hose crises has been reached which character- ize the progress of nil nations, marking the different stages of their growth. English his- tory, from the days of Alfred, abounds in them. They recur under Henry II., John, Iienry VIII., Charles I., Jamee IX; aad the B l j g i i struggle, within the memory of our own geaeraUon, Is a noted instance of peaceful revolution in con- formity to a great national neoeesity. France has witnessed many similar epochs, from the coronation of Pepin to the struggle which placed Napoleon III. upon tl ighrone. Italian history presents a kakidosc Mb succession of changes consequent upon t*l>arying nature of the affairs of that feoinsula The throes aad heavings which htm convulsed Germany have been many of them owing to that pettifogging management which ever measures the presentVa*X X V .A reply to the letter ef Mr. Richard Lathers to Henry Gourdin, Esq., and other prominent eittsens of Sooth Carolina on the secession movement. hasMELODEOS', Ha U M C H , *cS »Broadway.—SOKSS, DAXCZS, BOR-The case of Hans Olson and John Wilson, charged with having served as mates on board the alleged slave baric Cora, came up yesterday before*, I Commissioner Morell. After the examination of several witnesses, further proceedings were ad- journed until Wednesday.John Duggan, who was indicted for the homi- cide of his wife, was acquitted yesterday in the Court of Oyer and Terminer. Three more - Aials for murderwill take place to-morrow in tfeaaame court. JawWe are indebted to Adams' Exprem •Olmpany for New Orleans papers of the 13th h u t , in ad- vance of the United States mail.According to the City Inspector's report, therewere 372 deaths in this city during the past week,an increase of 34 as compared with the mortality" peaceable secession is an absolute impossi- bility;" and that, in regard to certain "out- rages perpetrated by Southern mobs upon quiet, conservative, unoffending merchants of St. Louis and Chicago," Mr. Lincoln "took no pains to conceal his indignation at these arbi- trary and altogether groundless persecutions, which reveal a despotism worse than even prac- tised in Russia."This is the latest information of the views and purposes of Mr. Lincoln in regard to this crisis that we have obtained; and though w<f believe it to be reliable, it still comes to us in a second hand, roundabout way. But, taking this information as semi-official, wetits press yacht.Her news is act of an ucportaot character.The _iege of Gaeta continued, aad five batteries badopened fire on the place.The London Cknmide says that Parliament wUl laeeton the fith ef Febraary.A deputation, which includes two members of Parlia-ment, has been appointed to convey aa iuvitatioo to Garibaldi to visit England.The Empress Eugenie paid a brief visit to Queen Vic-' ',*Q O R D O ' 1 B I I I T T )EDITOR AND raoranto*.AMUSEMENTS THIS EVENING.KIELO'* CARDS*. Brwaawejr.—Locus M LUUKBOLLX* been received from those gentlemen. We hare_ * « ~ r t *t MM SWAM.WTXTEB OABDBN, Broadway, oppostt* Boad street.-been furnished with a copy of the correspondence. hot the late how at which it was received last evening preclodes its publication in our columnsOrtuuxo. _______BOWEXT TH_ATBB, Beweiy.-Sf-uw-o A ROOM'S this morning.E(*t_»T__i« Taorrn.W ALLACE'S THEA TRB, 1 to K i i n - A 8-c* r*« A WA meeting of the Newsionary Society of this city was held last evening, at the Rev. Dr. Chopin's church, in Broadway.thereon, touchingMr. Lincoln'sM e w Y o r k , T a r s e t a ? , D e e e a a m * - 1 * . 18*<>.MAILH -TOR EUROPE.Y ork? » E-rope.toria, at Windsor Castle, on the 4th. lasted two boors.The visit onlyS*wHerald—EditionforA f h ^ Cunard mail steamship A*la, Capt. l/>tt, will leave thi- port to-morrow f»r l-iverpool.The European maib. will ck*»e in this city tomorrow m<>rn.i>g at a quai<T 10 ten (t'clock.The KrRor_>.\ fcunox or THE HKSALD wUl be published ai n nv wclock in the morning. Siugle copies, in wrap- per*, s * cent*.Buchanan, Albert Gallatin, Rufus Choate,John A. Dix (who will preside over the can &»d nothing in it approaching the necessi-The London Timet publishes full details of the expedi- tion of the Bulldog and Fox for ascertaining the feasibility of the projected North Atlantic Telegraph. The result*are pronounced highly satisfactory aad encouraging.The London Timet baa another editorial oa the political split in the I'nited States, aad expresses the hope that the quarrel may give way to a calm, ia which the real difficulties of the slavery question may be met aad quietlyanswered.The steamship Prince Albert, <rom New York, via at.Johns, N. F., arrived at Galway on the «th inst.The steamship North American, from Quebec, arrivedat lonaooderry on the Sta.The steamship Kangaroo, from New York, arrived a tQueeastowB on the 6th iast.Governor, was inaugurated yesterday, and in his address expressed strong secession sentiments.Coffee was quiet and sales limited. Freights were steady, with a fair amount of engagements for English ports, at rates given in another place.suaded by wicked advisers, like Antonelli and- T oMA«BT OB NOTLATRA KERNES THEATRE. N*. «M BrQadwar.- The audience, though not very numerous, wasthirteen years ago, ia aid of the efforts formed that while Mr. Lincoln denounces thewhich the Holy Father was making to violent course of the Chicago Democrat towards introduce certain reforms into the govern- the South, " he stands firmly and immovably8i«tn ttoruu.NEW BOWERT THEATRE, Bowerr—HEi-*, m Htm- n t - ) i i « u c LOTS*.BABNTM'S AMERICAN Ml'SBrM. Broadway -Dayand Evening.—TH Sa_ or b n - A n M Can-mas—uruio GOBI- osiTiu, Be.BRY ANTS' MTNSTRR-S, Moenaajes' H-tt, « „ B r o » d W»r —BC-LMOVKS, 80*61. OUCM, Aft—RMiH-BO III.HOOLBY * CAMPBELLS MINSTRELS, Ntbio's Saloon, Bro»<l»»j.-ET_K>M_- SOM*. Das*-*, BCBL«JWJC*S, *C.— DlITCS' £_SD.rANTRMrET MUSIC HALL, MS Broadway.-Roses, Vixen, Besutaac-s, Be.highly attentive, and evinced much interest in the proceedings. Adaresses were delivered b j the Rev. Drs. Sawyer, Ballon and Chapin.ment of the Papal States. On the 29thof November, 1847, the people of NewY ork assembled at the Broadway T abernacle"to express their sympathy with Pope Pius IX.and with Italy." Appended to the call forthat meeting we find the names of the Italianpatriots Foresti and Avezeana, and of severalother gentlemen who have been instrumentalin getting up the meeting of to-night. The callinvited the citizens of New York to untie in a"public expression of the earnest sympathywith which the American people regard theenlightened policy and- liberal measures ofPope Pius IX.. and the efforts of the Italianpeople for national independence and constitu-tional freedom." The Mayor of the city, Mr.William V. Brady, presided over the meeting.An address to the Pope was read by HoraceGreeley. Cardial letters were received fromMessrs. Edward Everett, Martin Van Buren,George M. Dallas, Daniel S. Dickinson, Jamesupon the platform of the republican party;"that "he will do his duty fearlessly in anyemergency that may arise," but with a con-stant regard to State rights; that "John Bell'slast letter does not improve his chances ofbeing offered a seat in the Cabinet;" that torn p'clock P. M.4o-day fJBaaday). aad WMaaaraad byof the week previous, and 92 than occurred Ibf n-oteuts of the F.rR<»f-vx Enrnox op TUB HRRAID during the corresponding week t year. The re-meeting to-night), Thomas H. Benton, Wash- ington Hunt, William H. Seward, Reverdy Johnson, and many other distinguished men. The speakers were Messrs. Benjamin F. Butler,ties of this crisis. Mr. Lincoln sticks immova-bly to the Chicago platform and the spirit rand essence of that platform are, "no more slave Territories," and the ultimate suppression of slavery throughout the Union. Mr. Lincoln»ill oubme the ne«s received by mail and telegraph at tne <ffu <* during the pre\ ions week, and up to the hour 01 pr.biiratita.course of his remark* thaUthe North, intended to of the urinofv ^fgans. and 1 unknown, of which 22 assume a protectorate over Mexico and Central ware h y i | p P K n t causes. The nsti\ ity table givesAmerica, and then colonise them with free black*. 241.natives of the United States, 14 of England, 70Mr. Wade scouted all attempts at compromise, and of Ireland, 30 of Germany, 4 of Scotland, and thetiet tared that the republicans had none to offer. balance of various foreign countries.The speech created much sensation among South- The character of the foreign news, with the announce-erners and Western democrats, and Ja well ment of specie being on its way to this country, a con-10 of old age, premature births, stomach, bowels and other Wade in the Senate. Mr. Wade asserted, in the digestive organSjJKof general fevers, 4 of diseasesTh* Newt.1 he secession excitement received another im-rattling of bones and fossils, through an in-terested press, or the crackling of the skin 'Theodore Sedgwick. Joseph S. Bosworth, Sam-pulse jesterday by the inflammatory speech of Mr. 48 of diseases ofaround them, as it dries up in the heat of the uel J. Tilden, James W. Gerard, Dudley Selden, holds that there is no such thing as peaceable——capitulation table gives 3bones, joints, A c , 76 of thethe generative organs, 12 of UBhJ vessels, 131 of the33 of skin and erupdiseases of the d nerves, 7 of rt and blood\NEW YORK HERALD, TfJMfDAY, DECEMBER 18, I860.No. 42.for the completion of the Intuits' Home.give expression to the sympathy felt by theAmerican nation in behalf of the eause ofliaerty, for which the Italian people, under thelead of the heroic Garibaldi, have so nobly andsuccessfully struggled." This important meet-ing is called in response to the personal appealof General Garibaldi, had we have no doubtthat it will be one of the most enthusiastic andmemorable public demonstrations ever made in us some extracts from this organ, aad some tills city.siderable portion of which was said to be intended forthe purchase of cotton, imparted greater firmness and ac-tivity to this article yesterday, and prices advanced fromv,c. a %c. per pound. We now quote middling uplandsat 10•.1 per lb., which exhibits an improvement frompassed over, and th© institutions of the coun-The trouble at the New York University Medi-cal College, in Fourteenth street, continued yes-terday, as will be seen by our report in another Ttte Crisis of the Country—The Remedy but disperse every cloud that overshadows thecolumn. Professor Draper has resigned in con-sequenc of the difficulty, but the faculty haverefused to accept his resignation. A preparatory hended in the present critical condition of oar meeting of the friends of the faculty was held lastevening to sustain Dr. Draper's course, and an-other meeting will take place to-day for the sameo)>jt-. t. ,'1 lie steamship Bohemian, from Liverpool on the f.:h 1ia Londonderry on the 7th inst., passed Cape Race «"» route for Portland early on Sunday morn- ing. Her advices are six days later than those re-ct'ived by the Europa, but are not important.The American panic has produced some effect upon the English markets; but the idea prevailingin commercial circles that the secession movement sarily alarming, bnt has become so because no1- merely a temporary outbreak of party feeling measures have been taken to provide for it.future. Pigmy hands have bound the nation, like Gulliver sleeping, with innumerable cords, to the ground; but it is conscious that its pros- trate attitude is not owing to any inherent strength in its adversaries, but to its own sloth and folly. It requires but small outward aid to rescue it from its supine condition, and it la for the head of the incoming administration to render it.There never was a President who, upon as- suming the Chief Magistracy of the Union, was in reality bound by so few ties and obligations as Mr. Lincoln will be. The party which elevated him to power was a temporary conglomeration of heterogeneous elements, to which he canever. The Austrian cohorts held undisputedpossession of the Lombardo-Venetian provinces,the Bourbons seemed firmly fixed on the throneof Naples and Sicily, the French troops over- martyrs in the cause of abolitionism. They awed the Roman liberals, and Jibe prisons wereThe siege of Gaeta was progressing favorably. human institutions. Political storms were littleThe Count of Syracuse died suddenly on the 4th feared, because the ship of Suite was known toinstant of apoplexy. be staunch and strong, and to be guided by We are in receipt of flies of Vera Cruz papers tothe 7th inst. There ia very little news. It is said skilful pilots.THE POWER AND THE KKSPONSIBIUTV WITHTHE REITBMCAX PARTY.—Perhaps before theend of January the withdrawal of the membershomeward from four or five seceding South-ern States will leave the republican party inboth houses of Congress in a majority. Frompresent appearances there is no prospect ofany satisfactory compromise from Congress inthe interval; so that the whole responsibility inthi> work of reconciliation or coercion in Corjf ments with unabated interest. The commercial torical idea. It is a full, broad, well finished portraiture,that in consequence of the outrage on the British Legation, Robles has resigned as President ad interim. and that his example has been followed by Senors Lares and Sagaceta, two of Miramon's Ministers, and by several superior army officers. It is further asserted that Miramon's two brothers have received ten thousand dollars of the stolen money, and Marquez twenty thousand, as an in- demnity for the loos of his baggage at Tepatitlau.Within a quarter of a century this happy state of things has slowly but surely changed. Party lines have been gradually drawn away from national to individual concerns, and the elective franchise has been prostituted to fill public offices with tricksters and managers, so that place has become the invariable prey of the most venal jobber or cunning and success-Nnsio's CARDKX—Last night Mr. Forrest commenced the fourteenth week of his engagement, and played " Kfhard III." to a very large and, as usual, exceedingly enthusiastic audience. Mr. Forrest's concept ion of the " crook-backed tyrant" differs somewhat from that which is usually accepted by actors, and approximates the his'M. de Soiigny, the French envoy, left Vera Crus ful intriguer. Not only in our largo cities anddence of Garibaldi, is called upon to speak to- night, and to express the universal feeling of the popular heart, which beats as ever for Italy andThe play was well mounted and fairly acted throughout. It will be repeated on Wednesday nighf?COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET.Ijvotroot, Dec. 6, lM<h The sales of cotton infthis market for the three dtf* ending yesterday (Wednesday) foot up 19,000 bates, of which 2,509 were taken by'speculators and exporters.The market is generally unchanged, and closed dull.STATE OF TRADE.The advices from Manchester are favorable. Th* aiarket was firm for yarns, but cloths bad a declmuig tea deary.LIVERPOOL EREADBTUFKS IIAREET..Messrs. Richardson, Kpeoe* & Oo. aad WakeaekL Naae k Co. report buyers of breadstnffs demanding artasfcrtioa, a consequence ef heavy arrivals from America. FJottrdaU aad easier, but quotations^unchanged ^ b e a * t « ^ ing downward, but with more demand, at a slight declme on the inferior qaaWtes; red, 10s. vd. a 1 * . B»L; white 12B. a 18s. 6d Cora dull,and fid. a 8d. tenra- mixed and yellow, 37s.UVEBPOOL PROVISION- MAViBX.The same circulars report beef duU. pork dull, bacousteady; lard firm at TBs., in retail; tathm d_B at &Ss. LIvsnrooL PROBUCE MAMKKV.Rosin duk at 5a. a 5a. Sd. for cem-MaV Spirits tun*-; tiaeduttatSSs. Sagar quiet. Coffee steady. Rice quapU Pat ashes quiet at d a . ; pearls quiet at m Sd.LONDON MAUaST.BMadstofis dun, with a * * * * * } ? ^ - J ^mist. Ooflse firm. Tea daB and sasaar, but pnrea u»for the capital on the 4th inst. Gen, Degollado has issued an address to the army, in which he protests against his dismissal, and promises soon to expose the machinations of his enemies, and make his innocence appear.Lord Lyons has communicated to the Deport- ment of Stote the expression of the feelings of her Majesty Queen Victoria relative to the treat- ment experienced by the Prince of Wales in his recent tour throogh the United States. The Queen highly appreciates the kindness and courtesy shown him by our citizens, Bad expresses the most profound sense of obligation. The correspond- ence is given elsewhere.In the Board of Aldermen last evcning4.lderm_n Cornell presented the bill of costs for the Japanese reception, giving the items. Owing to the repre- sentations of the Japanese Committee, the Comp- troller placed »105,000 in the tax list fox the liqui- dation of this bill. The amount wps afterwards red-red to M0.000 by the ooaunitteo; and now, when we have all the items, it ia still further re-duced to $81,8ti 73—0 difference 0/ more than twenty-two thousand dollars. The particulars wfll he food hi our report of the proceedings of the Board.in the Board of CouncOmen hut eveainf a reso- lution was adopted directing the Comptroller to draw his warrant for $10,000 to pay the salaries ofupon our lines of communication, but in the na- tional and State capitals, moneyed interests have successively outbidden each other for power, until the very existence of great men and pure minds has become frayed out of political life. The nomination and election of Mr. Lincoln to the Presidency of the United States are last and most striking proofs of the truth of this as- sertion. Without any reference to personal merits or demerits, no individual so obscure could, in more halcyon days, or in a healthy state of the confederation, have been brought forward for an office so responsible as the Chief Magistracy of thirty millions of people.The consequence of this deteriorated state of the country, and of such an inferior represen- tation of parties, ia Thar of the great crisis which is upon us. ia easily told. In the natu-ral course of events the constitution of 1787 has become too cribbed and narrow for the re- quirements of the present generation. A vast nation, extending from the Gulf of Mexico to Canada, and from the Atlantic seaboard to the Pacific Ocean; whose population is over ten times what it was when the landmarks wereWAUACK'S TmQtTRK.—Mrs. Inchbald's almost forgottenthe members of the Common Council.of the Fire •Commissioners in fever of disbanding Engine Companies Not, 13 Bad 21, for engaging inThe reportcommunicationhare outstrippedthein Mr. Lincoln.The danger which is most of all to be appre-national affair?, and which upon its face is the most discouraging with respect to our future political de*tinies, is that, while the enormous growth and increasing necessities of the coun- try afford an abundant explanation of every feature of the crisis, not one of the leaders of our various political parties possesses the ability to meet it. We are in the midst of a revolu- tionary epoch which has long been foreseen' as inevitable, which should not have been neces-MORE WOCI,D-BE MARTYRS.—It is amusing to see the efforts which Wendell Phillips and Henry Ward Beecher are making to becomewhich will soon subside, caused a slight advance This is because citizens of farsighted sagacity— never owe any allegiance, because it is irre-tocsin sounded. France came to the aid of MR. BUCHANAN VERSUS MR. LINCOLN.—Cheva- The Count of Syracuse died suddenly at Sisa on the Uhin New York Central and New York and Erie true statesmen—have gradually secluded them- shares, but a corresponding decline in Illinois selves from public notice within the last quar-Italy. The veterans of Algeria and lier Webb denounces Mr. Buchanan as "a trai-concilably divided in itself. Since his elec-tion tens of thousands of those whok contri- youth who were yesterday schoolboys. The lunatic," in connection with his official respon-of apoplexy.The Consulta Generate had opened at Naples. The government explanations to the Consdka produced a good impression. Poerio was elected Vice President of th* Consulta, after having refused the post of Minister, with out a portfolio.General Benedek had inspected the Austrian fortresses of the Venetian quadrilateral, lie bad also assembted the officers at Venice, and told them to prepare for the* eventualities of an energetic defence.There were rumors of increasing IUSUIIectlouary r_"ve menus in Abruzxi.Unimportant demonstrations in Naples and elsewhere were put down.It was reported that Nai>oieon had intimated to Francis I. the inutility of further resistance.There were vague rumors that Cardinal Antonelli hadCentral. Further advices from America were anxiously awaited. The following table will show the change in the three leading American railroad securities between the 1st and 7th inst.:—ter of a century, and small, petty, plundering interests have invested with power politicians of corresponding calibre, who have usurped place for the benefit of cliques and parties in-buted to raise him to power have signified their wish for a reversal of the policy which they advocated a few weeks ago, and look to him to save the country from the consequences of the mistake they have made^ Mr. Lincoln has but to declare that he will not be the re- presentative of an obsolete idea, but President and father of the whole people, and he will have the undying merit of having preservedItalian exiles, wheresoever dispersed, raised a sibilities at this crisis. But while Mr. Buchanan, shout of exultation. There was still hope for the President soon to retire, has been using his the old classic land. After one of the most best endeavors in behalf of the Union, what memorable campaigns that the pages of history have the Chevalier Webb and Philosopher record, the Austrians were driven out of Lom- Greeley to say touching the do nothing and bard)', and the Italian tricolor waved in tri- say nothing policy of the President elect atNew Yt>rk Central shares New York and Erie shares Illinois Central sharesDec. 1. ZV\ 774 a 76 78 a 80 stead of the general good of the nation. The30 a 31 27 a 28 Illinois Central and New York and Erie were es-this crisis? His voice just now in behalf of The moral effect of this brilliant stroke of the Union would be heard. Why is he silent?pecially in demand.The Persia, from Liverpool on the 7th inst., andpolicy by the French Emperor was enormous.It gave new life to the Italian liberals, and en-couraged the people of Naples and Rome toCan the Chevalier Webb or Massa Greeley en- lighten us upon this point?31 a 3_ 34JJ a 3A'jsource of all our woes is, that while the country enjoys an unparalleled degree of prosperity, and never presented to the world so bright an ex- ample of greatness, its leading men are un- worthy of its fame and unfitted to control its destinies. Fifty years ago individuals did not dare to aspire to positions of confidence in the gift of the people excepting upon some real or affected basis of experience, sagacity and worth.due here on Wednesday or Thursday next, has amillion dollars in gold on board; and the Etna andAtlantic—the latter now folly due at this port-have about half a million more, making, with thatreceived by the Europa last wcek^nearly or quitetwo millions in specie from England since the 1st' Popular representatives in all stations, from instant, the principal part of which is doubtless the President down to the village constable,He has but to con-intended for, the purchase of cotton.A deputation, including two members of Parlia-ment , left London on the 4th instant for cArera, to invitpHJaribaldi to visit England.The political news from Italy is unimportant.were selected with a view to their fitness to ex- ercise their respective functions, and to shield their constituents from the troubles which are inseparable from the mutations of time, the in- stability of men's minds, and the fallibility ofone looked to Garibaldi as the Liberator of Italy, and he has proved worthy of public con- fidence. His splendid success in Sicily, his ca- reer in Naples, and his retirement to Caprera, plain Joseph Garibaldi, farmer and wine grower, have made his name immortal. Save Washing- ton, no military chieftain, in ancient or modern history, can be named with Garibaldi.The work of this great man has not *yet been accomplished. He is no Pius IX. His motto is that of John Hampden, " Nulla vestigia re- trorsxtm." Rome and Venetia are still under the tyrant's heel, and Garibaldi has told his brave followers that his absence from them will be only temporary. In a few months, it may be weeks, the General will again take the field, and the American people will watch his move-perceive that the Grand Jury of the United States Circuit Court of Northern Ohio has in-, dieted seven persons—one pf them a clergy- man—for obstructing the Marshal and his deputies in their legal efforts to secure a fugi- tive slave at Xen ia, and for assaulting the own- ers of the negro. We shall see whether the people of Ohio will assist at this critical time in vindicating a constitutional law of Congress, or whether the spirit of the Personal Liberty bill will be carried out to the letter when the indicted parties come up for trial.The official Austrian joui~aJ contradi?ts the rumor- of negotiations lor the cession or Venetia.Later dates from India had been recei\ed. but wore unimportant.Disturbances were imminent from the collection of th* income tax.The report that the English prisoners at Pektn had bee- maltreated, and even beheaded, was not credited.THE PRINCIPALITIES.Fears were entertained of a general rising in I.ttl*Wallachia. Twenty of the principal merchants at Cra- jona had been killed by the militia during a disturbance. The Archbishop and President of the Council had beenarrested at JassyINDIA.The Bombay mail of November 10 had arrivedThe news was generally anticipated.At Bombay butanes* was suspended in consequence of the bazaar dealers having combined to su»pend all pur chases till the authorities paid attention to the grievances of the income tax.laidofthe moot fabulous fantasies of (he imaginationswhichstillguide us;whose meansUntitled Documentchild can then express their sympathythe Italians, and their admiration forIII..II.I.I11........1R-,J-..,„.•,.*!• 1. in,1IPIII.I' i '..,„. «ia >!_-An appropriation of $7,000 was madeT ortUniversalist Mis-And in this connection we are reminded of a popular gathering which took place hereA communication was sent in to the „ Board of by the past, and afford sad examples of na-Ac.Aldermen by Judge Monctief, of the Superior Court, declaring that he had been compelled to adjourn the business of his court from lack of suit- able accommodation, and that he now awaited the action of the Board in the matter.tional dfeastrr hastened by the imbecility of rulers. The annals of ancient Rome are divi- ded into different periods of national greatness,of which was inaugurated by some new of existence rendered indispensable by geneies of the times. So it is and ever So it has been within the eighty years Union has endured, and the conval- which now menaces its integrity of- fers but a new proof that increase of na- tional as well as individual stature necessi- tates a change in the garments in which it is clothed. The future of a people is only dark and fraught with disaster, under such circumstances, when it is weakly governed by those who are destitute of the statecraft whichthe i>eriod calls on them to exercise.Parties, as the representatives of ideas, havebecome within the last few months entirelyobliterated. In the nation at large there areno longer, in fact, any distinctive set? of prin-ciples which divide the country into separateorganizations. What still appear to be partylines are but the skeletons of the past—theoThe a _ — a _ # Boh— tan, from Liverpool on Thuradej ,calc uiated to precipitate events. Whilst Mr. Wade was indulging in his incendiarism in the Senate chamber, matters in the House were assuming a more conciliatory aspect. A resolution declaring Personal Liberty bills unconstitutional ws#adoptedsembled yesterday at Columbia. Beyond com- firmer, with sales of 8,000 A 9,000 bote., opportunity as may give to Mr. Lincoln— litics, this glorification of the Holy Fatherpleting'the organization of the body, nothing closing at a slight improvement for inside brands.Wheat was tolerably firm, while sales were light. Corn if he will cast off the slough of past re-was dose in regard to the subject which called was more active, with sales of Western mixed, in store. collections, and meet boldly the questionby a large majority, as was also one declaring that no cause existed for dissolution.the lowest prices since the panic (say from OJfc. alOj^c.) of He. per lb., or about $2 87 per bale. arena, would now have an unparalleled oppor- for the menaces of Austria and the craft of the shadow of a concession calculated to satisfy theFlour was dull at the opening, bat after the tunity of renewing their laurels, and acquiringThe Secession Convention of South Carolina as- receipt of the foreign news the market became the gratitude of the country. It is such an Looking at the present aspect of Italian po-them together. Owing to the prevalence of small-at 62c. a 63}je.; 63c. a 64c., afloat, and 68c. for round which is proposed to him—a place in thepox at Columbia, the Convention adjourned to yellow. Port was dull, with limited sales, at $15 62}, Charleston, where it will resume its labors this for old mCFs. new do. $16, and prime at $10 a $10 60. afternoon. Governor Pickens, the newly elected Sugars were in moderate request and prices unchanged.foremost rank of those patriots and public bene- factors whose names adorn the pages of his- tory. If he will comprehend the magnitude of the emergency, and display the needful character and decision to meet it, he will not only behad initiated and carried out several expected seceding States to his administration. important reforms, but was afterwards per- Otherwise his administration will bring aboutFRANCE.Marshal Vaillant has been created Minuter of the Em-peror's household.It is stated that no one. was aware of the Emperor'apurpose respecting the decree relative to the coasHotioa till he revealed the document to his astounded Ministers. in council, where it met with some opposition.Apprehensions of a monetary crisis in Paris had subsid- ed. The Bank of France was largely gaining specie.The Bourse was firm and higher. The rentes closed at W. TOc.M. Barorke, President of the Council of State, had created Minister, without a portfolio.Count Persigny bad presented letters of recafl to English Court, and returned to Paris.The Emperor had granted permission to the Balm battalion to visit Paris, fully accoutred, next spring.n>LY.The siege of Gaeta continued; but it was reported thatthe fire of the beeeigera bad slackened. Provisions were getting scarce in the fortress.The garrison replied to the fire from the batteries of Cialdini. Four batteries had commenced operations an the place. Victor Emanuel continued at Palermo.present contest. It is a time when all otherconsiderations are merged in the common wantof a great man—a man of the time—who shallresolve the p<£itical problem which mustRobert Kelly, David Dudley Field, Felix Fo-resti and James W. White. The meeting wassecession, which is equivalent to a declaration of war against a seceding State or States. Mr. Lincoln, at Springfield, takes no pains to con-The steamship Bremen, Cowee on the 6th lost.from New Y ork, arrived a t. enabled to dissipate the storm which is raging,the integrity of the L'nion.sider the necessity of the confederation, North as well as South, in 1860; to recommend for the benefit of each those amendments in the constitution which shall return to each its rights; to mark the policy of his administra- tion with the firm and stem purpose of a great and national man, and he will deserve to be classed hereafter with Washington and Jeffer- son, and perhaps to occupy a higher place ia history than either.That is now the most important question be- fore us.DrecNioN AM> RECOKSTRCCTIOX.—Grantod thatthe Union cannot be saved from dismembernient, the question of encouragement still recurs: cannot the Union, even after its dissolu-tion, be restored? It may be, provided thatdisunion be not followed by civil war. Withforbearance and conciliation towards the se-ceding States, they may be reclaimed, and theUnion may be reconstructed upon an enduringbasis; but the first bloody act of coercion, wofear, puts an end to this Union forever, andbrings upon us, perhaps, a ruinous war of hos-tile governments, sections, factions and races.Even with disunion, therefore, patriotism and the law of self-preservation should hold us alltrenchantneeded.aid. Men, money, arms, clothing, ammunition,call Mr. Lester Wauack made the usual announcement that the piece wonld be performed every night till fur- ther notice.Zoc-vns ra NKWYOWL—The principal members of the Zouave theatrical company which performed ia the camp before/MiatfuyuI, and since received wngr. to visit ! _ • don and New York, have arrived here, aad attracted aone of the most enthusiastic and spirited as-semblages ever held in this city, and thousands ceal his indignation against certain outrages ofthe fulfilment of Mr. Seward's predicted mil-lenium—to wit, a Union in which Southern of the Papal States in stronger bonds than ever . slavery and the "slave power" will have ceased After the unsuccessful attempts of 1848, the to exist; for they will be outside of Mr. Lin-sun of Italian liberty seemed to have set for- coln's Union, in a Union to themselves.Bodini, to retrace his steps and bind the peoplefilled with the brave men who had declaredthemselves in favor of constitutional liberty. theosis of that justly hanged individual theyJoseph Ma/zini walked the London streets a aj-e craving with a great hunger for the honors poor exile, and his friend Garibaldi sought of martjp-dom. On Sunday last both these gen-and found an asylum upon our own soil. One little ray of sunshine illumined this bleak pros-tlemen tried hard to compete with old Brownfor a place on the red roll of martyrs; butpect. Sardinia was governed by an Italian neither the people of Boston nor Brooklyn, it prince with Italian sympathies, and Austria seems, would oblige them.would have gladly crushed him. The warSebastopol fought side by side with the Italian tor;" Philosopher Greeley pronounces him "aumph over the walls of Milan.THE OBACLE or M*. LTNCOLK ATIt seems that " Honest Abe Lincoln," even as President elect, has found it expedient to bare an organ, and that a newspaper at Springfield, Illinois, called the Journal, has been promoted to the high distinction of his " home organ." Our Springfield correspondent has been givingcommentariesviews of this great revolutionary crisis and the policy of his administration. We are thus in-FINANCIAL AFF AIRS.The funds oa the 5th continued buoyant: consols advanced „'«'c., but the advance was partially lost before the close.Financial advices from New York were anxiously watched for. Those by the Prince Albert wore contra dictory, and produced but slight effect.The discount market was moderately active, aad the eupply was adequate to the demand. The best bilk were negotiated aU*i per eeet.Business at the Bank was moderate. No gold was withdrawn on the 5th.A ship, with two days later aews from Melbourne, aad, it was supposed £115,000 m gold, had reached 0 * English channel, bat bar advices were not landedWilliam Moxaa, aa extensive contractor, of Loudon, bad suspended.Thomas Piper k Son, an old aad extensive buikUag every reason to believe in Pius IX. He such a thing as the final submission even of the firm, were also in difficulties.of Protestant voices hailed the sovereign Pon- Southern mobs upon unoffending Northern men,speedily be solved—how and in what mannerthe crisis which has arrived is to be safely tiff as the pioneer of a new era, the dawn of a from which it may be inferred that Mr. Lin-new day, "not only for Italy, but for universal coln, at Washington, will look after these try established upon a basis which shall give man." Mr. Field predicted ti»at if the people Southern mobs.them fresh vigor and stability. A Washington, of the Roman States were sovereign and true In all this there is nothing approaching the a Jefferson, a Madison, or even a Monroe or to themselves, their own virtues and the sym- demands of these revolutionary times. There Jackson, could they reappear in the political pathy of Europe would "prove an overmatch is no intimation from Springfield, asyet, of theBourbons."South. But if Mr. Lincoln for himself, or if his home organ in his behalf, can step down from the Chicago platform, and go even as far as Mr. Corwin, of the Crisis Committee of Congress,would seem to have been misplaced. The truthwas, however, that the friends of progress had is willing to go for the Union, there may bei\\iseem to be quite envious of the reputation ofold John Brown, and since the attempted apo-hope that their deliverance was at hand. Every THE FVOITIVE SLAVE LAW IN OHIO.—We resigned.metropolis, which holds, as not the least of its and will gratify even those respectable persons who ad"honorable souvenirs, that it has been the resi- here to the old traditions simply because they are old' don 2s. Id. Freights to London 45s. a 65s. per tongrees will, in all probability, be thrown uponthe republican party. And what is the pros-pect, looking to this party for relief? Mr.Senator Hale has spoken, and says that dis-union means civil war; Mr. Lincoln, Presidentelect, it appears, entertains the same idea; andMr. Wade, of Ohio, yesterday, in the Senate,threw out very little encouragement in behalfof concessions to slavery for the sake of theUnion. The republican party will not abandon its principles to save the Union peaceably;nor will they permit the dissolution of the Union for national independence and constitutional (ot and Lester Wallac. played with so much spirit as to What, then? Must we prepare for a civil war freedom. The cause is the same, and a true make the muwlle quite perfect. In response to a heartyCalcutta dates are to November 9. Exchange <<n Ixiathe Italians.^ Our own Revolutionary troubles last night, and had a distinct, indeed, almost miraculouswere mild compared to the pressure of thedespot's yoke upon the necks of the Italians ofVenice an& Rome, and we should be the proper limit for light pieces according to the public glad to have an opportunity of aiding, Uste of the present day. The play itself ia one of th,,as in 1847, in the efforts of the Italian peopleman now leads the van; so we shall have to- night a great meeting, eloquent speeches andcleverest of the old school, and was capitally acted. Mrs. Hoey, Mies Gannon, Miss F. Morant, Messrs. Blake, Wal"resolutions. Something more is The Italian cause needs materialthe sinews of war.our esteemed fellow citicen, Mr, John. Ander- great deal of attention ia -roadway yesterday. It isA Garibald) fund, of whichson, is the treasurer, is to be raised, aad wetrust that our people will give liberally eftheir abundance. In England the "Shilling the F¥* cap, a distinguishing mark of the arm or the ser-Garibaldi fund" progresses famously, and why should we not have a dime subscription for the same purpose? Let the "Dime Garibaldi fond" be commenced to-night, and collected in all the cities, towns and villages from Eastpoftvice to which they are attached.Arrivals and Depart Mire*. ARRIVALS.BftV AXNtu—Steamship Montgomery— Mm 8 Feeaer 4X4 chlw, A T Bnt t ..a, W J Wridina, J EU». W H Turner, jZj Snowden, L C Tufta, Capt Hy Carr, (1 Meadelaolwv tj tJol- liiw, Mr* A GoMsteln and S children, J HoBtngs, E '*„_*, W WoUwick, S Newcomh. Mi-. A Hint, P E Wt>->phena, H Carter, und 10 in the bteerege.iSaaged.Bice doff. Tallow steady at 6ft- jon-ix A.\ sax* _nuo>to San Francisco.Every man, woman andis expex tcomedy, '• To Marry or Not to Marry," was revived heresuccess. Mr. Wallac- has condensed this comedy into three acts, and its performance occupies only two hoursstated that arrangements are ia progress for the appear aaceor this unique eorpt OrmnUijue at Nibto'• Garden. The Zouaves wear the oaual costuaw of civiLnne, exceptSmsarreu*—»ui'.,ter, A S e -American railway securities were in«*cth"e tequesi, and rates of all kinds had advanced slightly.LATEST VIA LONDONDEJWY. l-osnos. Dee. 7, I860There is no political aews of importance.The Persia, to aaU to-morrow for New ^ ork,ed to have 1ally two hundred thousand pounds sterna* w gold.LivaarooL COTTONMARKET.lj>_aeooL, De<_ T, 18*0 Th* hro-M*' circular renort* the sates oi the week atJAc,Ac,,t*. Joaw, K. r., Dec IS, I(viaRkC_Tiuje,Dec. IT,) 1BB9. f December «, via Londaaderry 7th, passed Cape Race at to the hope of icconstructioa.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com.-v »-*n»_0, ou_ i_^4x " ~ - awv- IUI uieii | Sf.df, T('aiB»l«p, H MMwttu, Mr.,Hi«i(tlnn,J Wlicim,b-eroic, faithful, unostentatious and generous 1 ^^^S^^^v^Q^^a^^v^m'iR 