 irenew requires in the Chineae considerable nerve, and we partly excused the troublesome behavior nf the boatmen by the coasrtderatKm that if they had been obedient and quiet they would moat likelybeen too timid for oar purpose.We proceeded np the Sbnnghneriver, ftrrt to thetwenty •ilea, and then to the west twenty till we passed the pagodas of Sungkong, sad made onr way to Lachn. fifty miles front Shanghae. Here we met several boats owned by English marthaute, wafting for an opportunity to pass the rebel territory into the silk district. The new auk is just ready lor the smsjbnt market, and the arrival ef the rebels at ttu* time at Kiahing_ami Kantain, the two centres of the Taiaaam and Taat-service reluctantly, or deserted sefdiers. There silk just ready for the market, from Kiahtog, Bant- selling uqosrt ' was a brilliant display of yellow banners outside am, and other places. The forces of the new Ceres- tion to the faand their refractory conduct, the promme of doable pay, they coo- but they sever ceased throughoutgate ia entered from a long bridge of fifteen arches, constructed across the lake. After a long walk we raathad the residence ef the officer in com-ours. Have yon any other matter on which you liver a brief ehajgeJeteUag that as they(Bhieid King). About hve years ago he spentarrived there in 186$ by the interior route from Canton. He was baptised by the Rev. Theodore Hamberff. a <*erman missionary, in 18o3 who was supplied by him with the information embodied insharp splints of bamboo thickly planted to the He replied that the far greater part were suicides. ground between the wall and tne moat, These With this statement agrees the too common fact precautions against surprises are well known in that on the approach of danger the Chinese, to a China, where the military art is well and minutely multitude of instances, lose all hope, and throwNew York, sight. Boston. Philadelphia. Baltimore MewOrb—a % Mastic — a %• 26a 80 Kt * tea SO^wesr*—l e e e l cams:, aod added their strength to the nevas- tevrent that; now swept down the banks of canal to overwhelm the rmhappy inhabt-i of Chang-chow, Sonehnw and other nifties, the totsiligeaco reached flbangnae that thewhat are their present optoTons andi hi regard to foreigners and Christianity. viously ploughed and harrowed. So baay were on your tourney'"ef toe present termer ^taw^B^Mtms^mmfsma asm w ^ a -Jury of tee Oyhr aaimn the flrand Inquest of that• •»•*»••»••#• «9i**i* w» emo teought to bethe laborers at these employments that away of them seemed to take no note of boats pam:ng with the atttmnal appendage of an English Sag at theirThe canal here lies to a direction parallel with the eastern shore ef the Tai-hu Lake, the islands to which nee visible. A conspicuous pagoda marks the walled city Wukiang, at which place, after a"Pour day*. We passed on the way through forty miles of the territory of toe new dynasty.0"What day ao yen keep aaa day at worship: aad wha: four stars to the cycle of twenty-eight denote the day?" * ^ ^"Fang, Hil, man, Stag ire the four days on which the worship occurs."•And what day to the week is this, then'"• The second day after tee day of worship." "The day, than, ia the same to your nation aa toWmDaamasgy. Prss*&nilenT Iswi Aoagar, £ Henry H. atirrftw; J. 8 . -ksaa Hunti idw'd Mersdito,i. H. Oiastt, - ? iXtMrtOasttey, .41 va they were s W n . the"ten then touching practice where theyprincipallyat the end of dune, toThe town is not walled, and a '-ompiete -circuit ofearthworks, therefore, kts been formed on the landside the flitch ani the space in Jronr of it beingmade impaasauie by an inanity of small bamboostakes inserted to the soft soil. The houses froat-toj; the canals have been pierced with loopjioles, He had come to Soochow only two days before, and "very preparation has Wen made for protec-ago. nseenai,howe^w,thatthfLohdoadnreotorsna..»ro- Boas..... .,H... a.ttto Caives ceived no information from Canada* the visit of the Prinsetion against assault. W»- saw only one or two can- non and noticed few muskets in the hands of the defenders. The greater part of the rebels appear to have no weapons out swords and pikes.Maryland 6 per cent( Toited states 6 per cent. 1874 j Vn-ftnia State 5 per cent..Do. e per cent... Ji Illteon Central 6 per coat, ls7;Do. 7 per cent 1875Do. $100 shares. $80 paid j Do,do ,ali paid.Michigan 8 per cent convertib Do1stmort.8parcentDo tlOOabana.affic. The Mich. Southern 7 p. et. sinkingWe discovered the residence of oar friend of themorning after some search, orosseoted throughmined "'streets and crowds of Tai-ptng soldieryHaunting in red and yel.ow attire. The doors andshop shatter* bad all been removed to help to for-titR-atkm, and t i e common copper money of the trance to the h o y ; " also that there are now aboutwell balan|<(>n the one hand ' 8bean talkmand at Btogbong His former acquaintance withfoieigners and foreign affaire led him to understandas much more readily than he could otherwise havedone, and everything panted ot! smoothly, bothwith th«> higher chief Siau and himself Stan; anold Taiptog adherent possessed considerable know-ledge of hia religious system, at iea-t compared withthose around him. While remarks were made on theobject of the death of Christ, several of the Kwan? been stealing a few giarues of cariosity. While • and liunaii men, who have been for severn to the waiting room we had stated our objection to y*»ai> in the movement. pressed round the table. I kneeling, and were permitted to appear withHis wise designs, and in the end to promote the real happiness of the Chinese people.list. mrs2 wtth interest .when they learnt that the book.-oi Tien-wang. their instructor and leader. teavh th<* same thing that foreigners believe.[ simply a bow and uncovered. After bowing and standing before Chang-wan^ for a minute we were placed on his right, opposite his principal minis- ten.' Hereftbe usorgeat ting matt have been wrong. I the mcaatim,.the market varies bu' ,li ie from day find on inquiry from those well acquainted with Mr. to day., aiid neither side aiake^ mui.i oney. The Roberta tost he ia on the other side of fifty11, Wang, king; S, i, light; 3. agan, rest: 4, fas. hap- most acti«» t ,wcsjh;of A e day wen G ena, which piness: 6, yen, swallow; t», yu. preparation; T, hen, aaar- advanced |>e week the boards to 8 and cloned <(uia.The next sun saw us already on our way to Wuiuang and aouenow. A little gtrl of six stood weeping among fallen bricks and rafters. Inn rebels knew nothing about her. having seen her for the tint time that morning, and gave as ready pet- mission to bring her away; but the ettiid was s»angry and unwilling when we endeavored to carrya. There was little done to the generally thia niut-i ; Paeuic50 ins Mercn Hans..to Marine Bank...... lbON Y GenRB1060 do160 tothe proposition into effect that we desisted. Aforaging party went out of the town at the anai - Faithful Ktogr may you live a thousand years. Wetime; forty men composed it, having with them a come from Shanghae and belong to the great Eng-aoo do 100 toboattopawsreefcs.airoodsupplyofhandpikes, nod one or two matchlocks. Their errand was t•» the houses of the villagers to bring home Vegeta- bles, they saM. and also fowls, goats and pigs. wrested by three from their owaere without pay-ment, hut thai they did not any.Leaving our boats we walked along the broadand grassy tewing path, which m new muck de- cayed. It oamnsw ef a continuous embankmeat, with a wall of large granite stoaesfacing the water. It used to bear annually the heavy tramp of the cram junk eaiiora. as they towed the imperial grain northwards to Pekxa. Bow it looks comparatively deserted and retired, and has ceased to be the pride of the government and people. At a mite er•!••• • eMMi BsanassMt wo noticed toe vii- at work in the leida. and glad we were to knew that the civit war dees not prevent agrietti- tneni taoori beyond a short remove from the rebelnot try the bey watt after the 1st day of January nest. and stand lishnation. Wehaveheardthatyourreligionia owingtotheBsrtnagdecision ownstock^"•1*rwaltewmg gold. Stoih wee tke,en.! «f the Baa wicked Rrperstftioaa and retimi to the tree religion. We aha knew Lo-hiau-tainen, one, ae we haveiITwho, by terns comasoa prrale, rebel and tmperml- Soochow had aow, it mid, been recoversi, and all he emmwaemsr haw tar several years been tie the towns of theprovince moat raniar aBsgannea to wtfaiag dynasty iu tow pan of toe empire. the new dynasty. Trihnta must be brc aght, and ifAlter Caanc-kwoh Twoff • death h» troops, to any opposition to the newly ate w l w i ( » . « » «r » J » » . demnied tettm,of tk» earliest aeqaaintancos of the chief of . at Nankin. He has hueey resumed toe United States, and resides aaw at Cae-'Howeldteaer* About so."the second week of October. I . The Toledo aad Wahaah Railroad•woad week of October:- ; f {'• - -...».,«»,•......•^w fM) . * . * . BfjMI at* WONTOwtralBJL.eeam» *5*they axe expected to carry burdens, to retain for which they receive a scanty subsistence. This harshness becomes insupportable t3 respectable men accustomed to an easy life, and anch are con- stantly on the watch to mate their escape.which at present they have not power enough to awompUsh, they would probably alter almost the whole of the nomenclature of administration, civii and military.payrneem,J tiU4.08*; the balance this evening, $4,o.l9j,40o| ft/Some nfrprtse is felt at tee pjantton from theGrand Irunx gardissfthe default Iu the payment serene preference debenturessoy formal ex- yOamaaay ro- inierest on the s there was aoGtisanbarun'ii... O'Brien's-.... i , ... 40 ....4.78*•Jf< 10* 47 lieUS 417 10B 800An immense private hon»e had been chosen forW«icoeday, nothing'done inTsui:Last week... E 4.661NEW TOEK HERALD. THURSDAY,OCTOBER ia18$P,-TlirPUtea aad Qetoey Railroad gives a gaift efllfi.000 far st as m MXHere and beyond, as we n r a g i f ed on onr jour-ney, the fields were the scene of busy activity. Itwas the tone for planting oat the young nee inrows in the irrigated fields. The wheat had beengathered, and the ground wan hens prepared by alayer of water artificially introduced tor the autumn •wt; bat I think that Livhiao-tsraen must crop of rice, and the ground has also to be pre- younger than forty-five.* How long nave yeathe Information embodiedmuch difficulty occurred from the few hours" tracking, the boats arrived. The cityThe following tablebanks to f<mr leading cities: -M . O i i, O a t sHaw Tort oat 13 Jramasl'a, Oet,'£ SfjjsfTotal.........• despatch from Mr. KoG the Cleveland and PittsburgOur engine home at morning.the company will not be ceod ten thousand dollars.The nitooia Central Raitroac*contract to take two thousand 'cotton from Cairo to tee East jhyjrail, aad is to ThWweek.4.6i6give trouble to a way to which we mand, to the heart of the city. We noticed many' before, t o vantthe of the revels to be aew adherenta, pynawd tarn the Countrymen are now desirous to obtain the new them upon, suchthe quarters of the chief. In fact, he was on thepoint of making some tour of inspection, and aFB W Q I 9 WsVlarge body of men were ready to fall into preces- should not be interrupted. If by aame arrange- All publicsion as soon as he should appear. Bach an abund ment it could continue, both natives and foreignersanee of red and yellow as we there saw gave as the impression that this chief was fond of pomp, and tender of his dignity.people looking eagerly at a procession in the dis- (Jesus), and profess the same religion. We left have ordered brother Lien to provide auppor for justice by thetance, which we found to be a body of rebels, him after a short interview, declining with thanksof reviewing the ' intoankte aft reapactrrery, is eery inopportune.At a few antes pent Una place we noticed the •erne Heavenly Father and Heavenly Brother please, remain two or three days to the city. I ties of libeltreaty for a much larger amount* j The Chicago Iiio.es states that! two hundred bales had arrived and been forwardeiby rail fromtiiax city Eastward. The cotton ia taken at a low hgirefda back freight]upon cars hauling grain to Cair|. I• t Chicago, on Saturday edcmjng, Eastern ex-l a s t week. 4.429-TbeFirst quality, per ewt Ordinary....121 raicas.»•<the provisions which he offered to tend to us. rwhere they had halted at a wayaide harbor. The chiefs in the rear of the cavalcade entered our heels, as we invited them to do, and engaged «u« ertutiy ia oeaversetioe.you and a lodging. Thanks, thanks." danger. He After this conversation we left the palace with spoke wasso _ me same salute as on entrance, and were escorted refused justicehorse and foot, on then- way from Banning to Kng- 1heng. Their route lay on the west bank of the(Brand canal. Leaving the villager*, who feared tosenina nearer, we landed ana walked towards•hem. The canal, eighty or one hundred foe; wide, ed fortifications vamlv provided a few months agonow Intervened, and we had therefore to return to for the defence of Soochow against the rebels. the rest of the evening. On our expressing a wish sur beets and proceed in them to the opposite aide, Reaching the southeast corner of the cityTowards evening we paaaed the fifty-three arch bridge, through which lies the route to the Tai-fan Lake, and soon arrived at me extensive hot desert-t7 ia»wall we steered north for the gate knownas the Fung-men. The moat here was halfchoked up with the ruins of fallen houses and theunburied dead. It was a abort but inexpressiblypainful interval of time which named before wecame to this gate. These suburbs, once so nourish-ing and populous, were smoking to vast heaps oneach aide of us. A crowd of their once gay andactive inhabitants were lying to the embrace ofdeath on the waters round on. How could we but in one." Beaching our boats at one A. M., we sent sympathise deeply with the countless victims, mostwaukee, on the exchange at urn. The re-•.nality.aerlb • • • • a s • ••*•••• ••••..to. a i * * ,..4c. a4^c -3XC a t e. ea41 4M) S > » 1 aaa«He ••«*• «c. s S\a.une of these chielb, Ho-ein-i. was extremely frankand obliging. Re had left the imperialist side inApril and joined the insurgents. He is a Cantonese,and ban often etaited Hang Kong and Shenghne.When questioned respecting the religion efthe party to which he belongs he excused himself•rem entering into particulars by stating that beinga late adherent, and not having devoted his tone toanything but military operations, he could not doaaare than repent the elementary tbrmur* of theTai-pmg creed. He also informed ue that the headof the revolutionary movement ia, beyond doubt, wall, and also the suburbs beyond. This measure without delay, aad the Iboatmen therefore liftedvere;—of them suicides seized with despair, of this terriblecivil war? Several weeks before the insurgents ar-rived the mandarins of Soochow had ordered thedestruction of all houses between the moat and the but it was necessary forua to return to ShanghaeTim quality... Other qualitieswas held to be necessary for the effectual defencehwaagm, aaw him twice at the beginning of this of the city. It involved the burning down of num- aaw us already at a distance from the city, plough-The market is steady wtth a faa-iprime cows, both for prtvate family ase aad for men. Other kinds am to abutted rasasales are effected at oar gustations aheve. eeipts at all the yards far the weekfollows^- ^still living. One of the other chiefs, a native oftheir anchors to the dead of night, and the dawnThe totalea•ear, when he came out in public to warship the Heavenly Father. He makes these appearances once or twice a month.In answer to a question respecting n relative ef Tien-waag, who went early in 1868 to Nanking to Jem the,rebellion, we were told that he hi now second in command, with the title of Kan-wangberless houses and streets where extensive tradewas conducted, aad proved in the end to be of nobenefit to any but the rebel chiefs who conqueredthe city. What was left undone the new occupants taken. He stated that it was for no reason but soon completed, and no houses now remain with-• s t e r n , Jaao (teaguilty to petit laroeny.juidwM for threecedentedly heavy. Matters begin to however, and the bagastems arethat several tens of thousands of Imperialist troops (he said i^O.OOO) deserted to them and gave the city into their hands.However easy it may have been to take it, it does not appear likely that it will be easily recovered. The force to possession is very large. At least 40.000 or 60,000 must hold it.We asked why, if the city waa taken with little to proceed to Banning, hot he subsequently multitude of small spikes. Beaidee this there are bloodshed, the number of the dead was ao great.»After waiting some minutes we were admitted several months in ananghae. and wrote out a com- within the gate. The walls are at this point per- mentary on die entire New Testament from haps torty feet high. All along the top of the bat- the instructions of the late Dr. Medhnmt. It tlements, rouna the whole extent of the walla, was not then considered safe to allow him wooden frames have been placed, armed with ato ninety days Eastern b ruled at ten per at foil previous prices. Prhne satire request at rary full <cent, with occasional transact! at nine. The description hi amimd, 1out the city, except those used as quarters for small parties of rebels placed on guard._ c A l lis steady, with a fahnthe pajnpnkt called "The Vision* of Htuig-ssin- discussed to books, though to practice it ia found to themselves into the nearest well or stream oftohuen." The curious and authentic statements fail through want of courage and decision.Sennas Part1&90, 1»W 1014, 1616, SCPVSIORMl, TSh, Tit, egi,tm,f»5,'9»7.3SF I N A N C I A L A N D C O -—:-«»l.^^~The New Orleans Picayu \ Northern sight iunds are w<11th says:—ied, ander theBade at thin book are onr best lights on the early history of the rebellion. They vindicate satisfacto- rily its religious origin, and show that, while the sounder has erred to regarding himself as the sub- ject ef tm'"*4"tte Divine revelations, he is a sin- cere believer to Christianity. The advent of his relative alter several years of toatractiun under the Protestant misatoaariea may produce a painful to- luene* upon his mind in leading him back to cor- rect views of Scripture truth.water.We further inquired if they did not fear diseasetor towe havo before toe banks enit was on last Wednesday, thoughgrades may beqastod m. ate. tower, for ]however, tiquotations were readily paid by the firstthroughout the week, the numt of this drsoription onThe old Kwang-si porter, tall and stalwart, whoopened the gate to us, did not decide that it wasright to do so till after a very careful inspection ofthe envelope to which our passport was contained.We then found onr way to the nearest officer, and ofthe " younger brethren'' had time for the per- were by him furnished with a guide to the palace of fornuince of this necessary act. He replied that the Chung Wang. A walk of three mdee brought the '-brethren" were extremely reluctant to under- as there, weaned with the way, and saddened take so disagreeable a duty, aad that ten days by what we had seen. The busy hum of commerce" would not be suffisugnt for the task.advance eetsohshed at VThe basmsm ia Marmaraalluded to, was well auslhanced its rates to >, premiumadvance waa not unstained, audiUit opened. at par A change id t 'weather was expert enough at ah the yards to most the eased on Tuesday night, which Itwas replaced to the streets by the aoise of songs,the tramp of horses, and all the appearance of anarmed camp. Rough looking men decked out to the governor oi die provinces having been killed, tocongroos finery trod the pavement, instead ofthe comfortable citizens fori-.erly met here, whoserich attire suited well their condition of easy affla-ence. Beeryconvenientfamilyhousewasmade§ ( 1 * WmnaerrtAY^ fpct.We want now; w<The Tai-ping chiefs left onr boats and remountedtheir horses, while we iollowed them by the liratfidcanal to Btogbong or Ptog-wang. Great resist-ance was made at the taking of this place,which happened eight days before our visit, Itnow presents a painful spectacle. Those parts ofthe town which it is inconvenient to defend havebeen burnt or were still burning, when we werethen while the bodies of those killed, to the num-ber of sixty or seventy. had floated down the canal,and were met by us on our approach. The posi-tion of thia town is important. because the watermate from Boochow by the Drhnd canal to thegreat cities Haugchen ahd_rlueueu separates here,proceeding sootinvard by noaiung IQ the oac. andwestward bv Nantsta to the other. It vrx«, there-fore, stoutly defended by tlie imperialiats. and Hnow -trougly fortdiad by tan rcvouit.oaisa, seve- rs:thousand"longhairedmen"wereholdingIt.thequartersoftheChungWang—"FaithtinKing."OnonrwaytoShanghaethetownsandvillages ami they had constructed very secure defences.we noticed- yesterday, the supply ofper cent oa cail is in excess of the demand. Atthe lodging place of seme yellow robed and tor- baned chief. Here and there on a bridge the head of a deserter, suspended as a warning, presented a grim spectacle. The original inhabitants, of whomj cers. They any that he es japed like the rest; while the others, however, found their way to Shanghae. he alone is missing.to qitotity^ occasional € per ifetittiter kinds of paper are scarce, and. ' in the atoek Exchange loans tor short partem were tn re- arista varying from «S*c a 6-tc for oorn fed ai 1 quest. In American secur.ties the bonds sad shares of 6»c. for still fed.On arriving here we were politely received; batbut our introduction to the cnief was delayed by avisit soon afterwards from the '-Flourishing King,'1 pikes, and one to twenty having a matchlock or Ying Wang. When he came and left we heard thedeafening sound of a salute of nine rired withChinese petards, accompanied by gongs and music.unftvaraWe premonition oub'.ahei little more than aweek QatUe . . . . 1,881 Sheep 3,A$Iand was, till recently, at the head of an army in Ngaa-hwet province. While we waited, several chiefc high to position came to converse with us..creek one evening. They felt suspicious of us thatwe were not really what we professed to be— Hng- tie of the pa|. l i e siuggtshaesh ||rodhced by thepolitical suspense, and the check g|ve8 to outside 1 ubiuess by tfe Rock Hand dividind- affair, are beriitr used with skill by the bears to the work of depressing pfScee. The argumentb for and against the market 4Uthe,jpresent time aipp^ar p be pretty,...E....«|aOne hiquireu if we knew any tning respecting the former friend of Tien Wang at Canton, Rev. L J. Roberta. They had been directed, ©ri leaving Nankin to ask tor his welfare when they came into communication with the '-western brethren."'iishmen from Shanghae. Our presence in theirvillage seemed to them to omen mischief, and wesaw by the pale light oftheir lanterns, as they stooddose by us on the bank, glances of patriotic indig-nation gleaming from their countenances upon our-selves. ~ Their anger was moderated when some ofour party went among them aad explained to thehead man thai we were, beyond question, foreignpreachers of Christianity. We then had permission about the| ction of Lincoln; on other, the to remain there for the night, while this picturesque$6 40 a • W 6 86 a 6 80 6 4J a • a* 6 86 a 7 teThey told ra that they perform baptism by rub- bing water on the cheat, and the rite ia sailed "en-6SOaS te 6 20 a 7 te 6 76 a 7 767 76 a e eno M u a o 50 a 3 Sofifty publications authorised by the central govern- ment at Nankin, including t i e entire New Testa- ment. A new brothel ia caught to repeat'* a few scalanet*ofpraisetotheFather,SonandHoly Spirit, and is then received.procession of pikemen proceeded on their way. Visiters to scenes such as those now described cannot fail to have witnessed much that shocks the seustoilitiesandgrievestheheart--burningsuburbs, deserted streets, fields of com left to perish uncut,bulls 1 >oin! ^ie Ibcrease to rail bears are!.satisfied that the pttblii more to do ffith taiiway prope'DO. $100New York Cent. 6 p ct. sinkDa. 7 percent. 18*4Do . 7 per cent aukuig fund, Do.$100sharescountry was strewn aiong tue pavements. The tohabitants who would have cared for it had beenscared away by the terror of war , a n i the rebels.whomanyofthemweargoldandsilverbracelets,and precious stones to their caps, look with con-tempt on copper. Oar friend lio shared the rest At about eight P. M.. after waiting perhaps andence of Steu-aan-fa, one of the two chiefs in com hour and a belf, we were conducted to the en- abandoned infant. These are sad sights. Such areminutes, at the end of the long train of officers and to see the misery to which those not engaged in demand grain-, and argue that e advance has I servants, forty or fifty to numb ir, who stood facing the great revolutionary straggle ar^exposed.each other in two rows. In the for interior waa In all this Providence is at work, %nd we believe only }ust jeghn. The bears quote fall to Rock [ the chief himself whom we had come to see. After that God will cause the result of the war to further Mand a.i aft evidence of the of buyingj- a silate of six. with the accompaniment of music , and gong beatmg, we were marshalk-d up the j long and gorgeous vista through which we hadstocks; tli|e r ilia guote the rise in and PacificMail as prboi that, it is not safe t a I them. InOur sleep that lught wfi£ to'ue amid toe inces-sant beating of toe watfchmen upon their gongsand bamboo clappers, nh*- m<xm dfeu- with un-broken serenity on that scene of deStructios that who stood on each aide added to the brilltan ;y of surrounded ua as we lay in our boats between theentrenched town on one side and the burninghouses on the other. Mountiur a high bridsre closeby tne spectacle was striking. There was tightenough c o m the moon and the red glare otfire combined to make every object dis-tinct. A multitude ot rebel banners, inscribedwith* the name of this and that leader waved fromtne temple roofs and the tops of ttie principalhouses, peintiag out the quarters of the variousdivision* of the garaaon. some ausptuioas noiseswere heard to the Horning suburb, and a party ofthe garrison was then seen to pass across the c ina.to receeaoitre.kn case enemies were meditatingnusohifct under cover el the houses.Court of Oyer amBefore Hon. Judge Gould.7Hi bid, agamst 7^| .yesterday: Ccrifjra! which sold down to a|»i.?heji up to 8'»; ami (Josfed that bid, against «»4 af the>cloK*i'ye«Tertlay: iiadl'Erie, whichCitizens ...Mechanics'iron City..Allegheny. . . . 208,800The hall of audience waa carpeted with red. Large lanterns of hirn held between the officers.. 361,200the scene. They ail wore robes and caps of red and yellow silk. The only person seated was theOCT. 1? —in the Matter of David Batch, aUot Leack.—Counsel in this case having summed up, the Judge• bout an hour, returned a verdict of guilty. The pri- soner waa tried once before is the Sesatoas, whea the jury disagreed on the question of identity.THZ WaXTOM-amTHawS HUBDSBS.Chares Jeffords was arraigned aad pleaded not guilty3:1.i bid. The .article in thu morui ,g'» HERALD onthe subject of| th# iUalena is the s bjfict ot many Total.... ri.334.108chief himself, who r a haoited to a rich yellow charged the jury, who retired, sad, after an absence ofcommcuta. l^arttofc who ane shortu ,Last wee*. Decrease. U.364 3&; $ai,l&;satin robe, embroidered with dragons. His hat was of gold, and let fall on his shoulders four tre- foil leaven, from each of which hung a large pearl.stock con- mucb ex- wiH prove. . W^ wl e not mis- months ago we | ? dieted Light |a for the summjar outha; ourThe " Faithful King'' hi a man of small, keen features; is tiury- seven years old; wears specta- cles with larse circulaa tenses, and appears anxioust"btmo l a 6'S. 1874and the subjugator of Chaagchow, buochow andKiahtog. in addition to hia military successes heshould sel!short of itnot lurr I v toeochi H W I BHe mast he much lem."Wedo notin onr country ask the question effriends, 'What ia your honorable agef and I mar ha mistaken.*'the Grand Jury of this The fodowiag are toeThe receipts of the Railroad theTotalSame week to lSKfcj—"Y ea, we understand; year customs arei in thW morainewish to speak'" a tew "Onr nation carries on trade with China; oar tothewoaktealyha waa required laws pertaining U>beHe did japmars sarttenJar, tial dynasty are now there. It would be highly ejection, whan isatisfactory if, to these circumstances, commerce rent candidatesof an ef difle- abuss. duty or dishonest aandidStewas put rnk anteeeueita in a,harsh andwould find it beneficial." «p for office, to j " The Celestial dynasty also desires that there be proper manner, no obstruction to trade. If it continue, the Celes- doing but no vtoe acta jiauify at a man auIn so ahumof a man. no sed tial King will levy customs upon goods which out by prooi. wtfiWe found him to be very cold and dignified, butpolite. Volunteering no information, he answeredour questions, and assured us that we might seethe Chang Wang at Soochow without teeehng. Hewas am original adherent of the Tai-piag move-ment,aad said that the Chineae and foreigners "That you may do to-morrow. Bow, after your bench,there should be in harmony, seeing that they worship the party waspass." throes, said the 'it is very assy to sis: that tne sweat m tep freedom of the»f the standard cry of sajrtime that he had occupied theconviction far hi ho was so untv were disinclined toliey were met, on the the freedom of the to say that thejabonstoltlinjured parties,tvhes; ocurtt, -vouid be incllni their inTUTtee. Ifliberty of the which we wish to present to the ' faitofol-ktog.* club. In• W e have brought books upon onr religion,We have them to OUTboats/' of the press, >i journey, you moat be weary. You can, if yon have asuaal 48on horses, provided by the direction of the King, to tovthe residence of Lien—a high officer of amiable dis- ottinskind position. who entertained us hospitably enough for supportedeat • *ato return at once to Shanghae, horses were brought, aad we proceeded, along the silent streets long after midnight had tolled, to the pon- derous city gate, just outside of which we had left onr boats. All was still, exiept the noises of the watch, under the bright moon which illuminated our long ride. The drumming and clapping of the watchmen was only varied by the word of the night now and then passed from one to another. On that occasion it was "Hohyih,v "combinationparty, no mijoornal or whettrf* he weekly paper. _Joseph Rogers silver, hunting wt f. Martin, tteT and was sent toLewis Doiong third degree, ously entered\ en tea bun in thethevwted theas a •aaa ateteaBibles and other boosts to the "faithful king," and then lay down to rest.Corn.The Milwaukee Sentinel thusof the money market:— The week has been one ofmoney market, the call on the banks been much larger than they amsot fully operators especially wereIt would have been extremely interesting to have staid for some days, as we had been invited to do,ing our way again along the Grand Canal.In the course of conversation with the Cantonese Lieu we inquired why the city had been so easilytea Ism low days.A t Cincinnati on Monday the money market waaat ten to twelve per for good paper.Thiaweek.81 »at i tbeing caused by the unburied corpfes, and recom- mended that active measures should be taken to prevent this danger, also reintoding him that manyThis rate closed astoday 1, teaThe Mandarins i S h e city had all escaped before its capture. Hepofto have reached Shanghae ofThereis no. changein themoney,also of his having been baptiaed and proceeding with a rebel army to capture Hanghow. Bat these reports are not to accordance with the infor- mationweobtainedfromLieuandotherrebeloffi-the discount houses there is a fair supply of short j that date says :—Were very \piesty.smlrately active, prices racaded <^c a \i. parThe rebels have established six title*4- afte* thatLittle respect is paid to such persons bythe rebels; of • * king/ * Most of them are new and amisuai in ever, is below the market. The business at Relative to the affairs of the Grand Trunk Rail-a few remained, looked htingry and wretched.weak aad laai weak were as foilovChina. They are partly capricious, and partly ac- the' San-Ti ry to-day was fortrt--tpe receiptscording to very ancient precedent*. If they shouldultimately achieve the conquest of the, empire, were 4268, { of which$10- JQ00 from customs: tee graph :—Washinrton jam .4.328 21 938l.sea a,3T»Mi>s.irr 16.144 14^6itwe passed were to a state of groat excitement. Bandsofmencarrying lanterns, and armed withthree milli|nl and a half of produce i a week, it cannot b,e e^^stedf that the price |lf ilk should be maintala^. ' < | IThe stock ^partejt- opened lowel and dull thismorning, i|ut^recovered strength! toflraits the mid- j can stocks from the Londo: r^iNijof OctoberatBwLADSTrn* —Vlour—^Tbe market H quite firm ti-day,and an active basmsm has been done, netwithstondmgtrade was rest dieted by the firmness af holders. At theclose leading shipping goods show an advance, but tradebrands are uncdaaged. The sales amount &o$4,000 00is,within the rasge of toe foUowmg prioes8uperfuie State,Extra State, gpou to choiceSuperfine WesternCcmmou to caoioe Western extraSt. Louiaestm..Mixed 10 straight SouthernStraight to good extra doChoice extra family aad baser?' brandsRye flour K....Corn meal, Je|rafey and Brandywine Wheatisinactivedemand,andprijeaan*ashadehign- einrfewriiotrh,tt«alpeisimofe$N1o8.01,00C0hicago spraintg$,1$1n26aa$1$1te3fo6r^ V for Milwaukee jemb aad amber Iowa, $1 38 a $1 40 forred winter Western. $1 ST a $1 38 for red mate, $1 60 torWhite Canadsi, and $1 48 a $1 $0 for common to choicewhite Western, Cera • t r s s s r a n d tne demand activepartly for thipmant erne* of 83 000 bushels, at Tie. a71,',c. tor Western mixed, 74c for fiat yellow, aad 77cfor round do. uate are qotet at $8c. a t t c Barley is tademaad and prices are siaady, sates of 27,000 basnets, to77c. a 78c tog State, and 80c a 860. for ' Tinaat Rye isheavy, and a-smal! sale was made at TecCorrsa —Tha market wm firm, with sates of 2.522 bags Rio, to arrive from Hampton Roads, on private farms.- OTTOS —The sales reached from 2 500 a T000 aoiee., part in tranatt, ctoshtg firm, on the baaia of 11 -«c- par lb. for nnddling aplands, The stoea m this saaraat ai be- coming reduced and holders were tern Alaposed to meat buyers without further advises from toe SouthfasssHTs were firmer and >|tiite active. To LJISSSSBI about 160.oaf bushets of grain were engaged, including oorn in ouik^ai lid. and in bags, at 11 *d.. and whsat m bejk. at U jJd. a 113*0. and m hagsat UJ^d. a iad.>etos- :ng firm at 14* latttr figure- and 10,000 bbis. floor at te IM ate.Si,withsomeabeamat46i..and4Matoo hmm cotton !tt, J4d., To London 26,000 bushate of wheat were engaged, stoetiy m ship's bags, at ltd , and 4,000 bbis floor at te. 7 * d . Tc Brsaana te» bowas extract at 26s. per box- $0 Mamawrg, by stsainir, M0 boxes ex- tract at 40a tvul 800 batoa ootton at 1 ^ ^ w t s t i anase hops at 2)<e;, aad misaaiiwrnt gooes ai m *» wrs-bv ausamer, ISO bales eottoa at l ^ c , 740 bales 10- faaono a't $1 SO. and 100 oalea hops at as. Rates to Havre"HlywaTrira. with sates of 1.000 Isles at 70c. a 76e. far aL'ipping.'snJ 80c. a Mc for city useHoW—Wih an aetive eaport demand,•till lending-upwar ia, whato rliateeit aatue weak eosse • 2J00 bates have been taken fori $l«c aS7lie:'wi!il« old haw been sold at 17c'a!aame holders have withdrawn tutor tote Mem the 1km j, ilaoft -Scotoii was steady, wit., sales of M0 torn teaweak at $22 60a$3t.Lmx was m gooc request, win. sates of 7jNO M athis week ufcludiBr eommoc at 90c aad lump ai $1 16 Centos ef MM than aad tea ttoht ~00vado were made at tec a tecNa-vAI Sronm wore quiet and uneuaoged ous.- lismst 1 •••tan 1 M I it te. atoe. is s t o . The foilowtog reviewt for the weak sodins the16u>instant, hi from the rVitenai m11-inn £u*—The nuurxat for sperm has ~—ltwrtml lass activity t. and prices have had a downward tendency have, howarar, amn osamwd te msall par.oe», laciuduag four lots landed from tha Aaor The aaMB « tO.aadWeo afmteavgauea and fruaa tw A«T>, mrgo, 148 aste-sam te, was. m al at,asmiwotaeie^IOfTs taeel wmoSrnfeaameiutodeaswat^esmor^m-fetseo%ls.^.$TJ S l v " t i rLard ts owtot, aad wmtemamusket, march to procession at night round theirof Wales, aad the consequent diversion from all matters of business, being apparently tee ptea tor the neglect.CITYs c o a u n v a c i A L R E P O R T .W i r a n t u i . Oct 17—« •» MAMTS•-r-Tn*mtoswereconfinedtoabout tea at indue ing potf at 6 '«c., and pearla at the same ngnra.own districts. One of these large bodies of vil-Thefollowingarethelatestquotationsof Amerilagers came by us as we lay anchored in a snughundreds of unburied dead, here and there an exhuuato Itselt; the- bull- poi to the in-trance hall, and stood on the right for some the accompaniments of war. It touches the heart creased rts of produce au4 the increasedTHE ALIEGXD FOUOXBT ON TEI NASS4V BANI. fluctuated between 39 and 3Sfl. f|taly closing at... S744W*to xnatotait a suitable dicnity while he is evidently to indictments for the murder of John Walton. Throughgood natnred and benevolent to disposition. Hea» the conqueror of ( hang-kweh-liaug at Tanyang, t;:• counsel. Messrs. James T. Brady and A. uakey Half, reliable ai ftite independent ;of ga. stock job- laOOO Erie RK 4m bs.he moved tor an ^immediate trial.Mr. Hall, an addressing the Oou^t,animadverted strosg-bing influeat 90 thisaf,'however, the stfsc r ,|he operators whon that the prospectaOM Miaaonri 6 s . . . lete Hod Riv 3m bebears the character of a good man, opposing the ly upon the delays of the District Attorney He stated cannot cexcesses of the troops under his command, ana that tor three successive terms of Grand Jurist, duringprotecting the people from injury and insult. It ,; uiyV August and September, his client had importuned laid befonwas to be expected thai thia manjroohl behave in for a\ hearing; that the District Attorney had assured WesternSOW Mich a 2 m hasa friendly manner to his English visiters.htm (Mr. Hall) that the hoy should be tried tn October at the oyer and Terminer, that they had never been ableMail alsoeglected. We repeat this company notadvice to allow theirThe conversation then commenced by his asking to good Mandarin dialect, with a Kwangsi accent,gtockholdewhence we came anil for what object r Answer. to procure the attendance of the District Attorney opon proxies to used for the purpose re-electing so uoChristian, like our own. We worship like you, the Heavenly Father. We have therefore come to make inquiry respecting tiu*.Mr. Ball replied that it was very hard that tee oaastl- Imttoa which gave the right of a speedy trial man ao- | market eaeed/shonMbadiaregudeC, whilst a District Attorney , quotations?-— wan aaahisg op his mind what the law of a mere remedyDtotrict Attorney Water bury rejoined that he should directorsO.h,a»e destroyed %* cr t, character the concern for tne Make of their blhtgschemes. This[sffternnonthe adler, and closed at the following e's, 90f a I- Miphouri 6's. 19160 0 060 do aao do 600 10SO Erie RE.100alss professes, like m. to believe in Jesus, the ba- waa That his attests liberty should sot tuner ten a ; a 4: Cantoh Cpmpanv. i\4 a 20: Cumberland Coal 100 do."It appears, then, that your honorable country,Tioer of the world. We are of the aame religion, tow was aawattf*. That the law m to trials remained 124 a 1% |Pi and are brethren. At present Hien Fang's em- nntonoiied. and m to the remedy, bis client would stipn-teto to be hong sswam he be eonvistad. Of tost neither t r a l ^ 4 a | ? pire at approaching its end.: we have one-half of client aor ooasaei were afraid.nasty. Having now onijarecently taken Boocac w, triot Attorney then to trial, and teat aa apwisatioB 4 " » i ; Central, 68 a 4; Michigan South- 660 liar lean RR •••100the -mountains and rivers for the celestial dy- Judge <toakl responded that he could not force the Dte> Harlem, 2|i ; do. prelerre4, iOi al|50; fieadhig. X) Hud RivRRwe have not erected a church, otherwise yon might enter it with us and jam to worship. '-The most of mankind worship images ef wood and clay. The disciples of Jesus know that it is right only to worship Clod.", be aiade at a latar stage « tne Court.. A jnry was empanaoJtoa tn the castera and Sol ern Indiana, 20> a 2U do. guaran- tenssdtogw.• It ia the wicked idolatry1 ng here and to other cities. God baa sent his SonJeans to save the world from tee younger Brother of Jesus is*• We desire nothing so much aa thatKaa^waag. He laeirlsd with ea for several 1at fteaairisf Afterwords he proceeded to Hong £ong, where he remained still under the protectionfriends there, till he doomed to Beia well acquaintedwithourMajsm,*1• We are under great obligation to you," saidthe Chang Wang, " for giving protection to the re- Jetr?e of ear chief, aad thank j w ac ;ordiagiy."trial will e^etosk.amwmmmea Thnrasay(Uus)atteaand ai;Toledoamy te prism. ie>»c f. fined tothat we foundprevail-Cut rneam anst7*c tortaeeuaed of stabbing Henry P- bier, ina < aatoon, tn Jaao lata. The Court Waiale'aaass^SM notice ssnaM at 1 2 j » a a i a c ;ana ef tea aadrauct af Divie Bethoae. of New York city.just bean admitted to probate rabtoemnnaiafuiopoitj1Bar wtill It distributee aiFIX Mb from Boston700 to specie on ,that m*17 27city of Now York;'' mmsttesmtv «cof $»0 to "the Orphan Any Verk;" a third ef g«N » theaJNewygas... latPaXBJOs• tea164lievestocks.vidends will bringhave noballs be-urjehaaers forteed, 47 a |* 83»'a84ima. 12.H al2G;- Illinois Central, a i hnd Chicago, 73J a j ; Cleveland a A: Chicago! and Roak lalaad. 73gton aad Qutocy| 8t»| a 90; H- 197 a 4. Ihas declared & semi-annual r cent, payable jon the 1st of, -1 • thj^Mhimg Board to-day ««re:—? tor iswrentesV\'Jury to look m circumstanoes, andUntitled Documenti mrht.and «hadto the jury, ai it would be the dutychange was steady at f a 4 per, cent on the street.and I per cent in the banks. The receipts of floor Ordiiamry......... on that day were 3,45)3 barrels, of wheat 147,796aad of corn 51,176 bushels. Ataame evening, the banks ware4, and buying at 4 a : per centceipte and shipments for the whe was the editor the publisher ofworth two. from the street, on the 29th e prison for twoalso convicted ofIn oompany with •agar store of Johnof September Thein haselaar, the jury tenoedtoaa wlal charged Nathaniel Hall, a residentwas a sailor, went a.heardtsg house kept by the defendant the statement of ; he voiaaiarUy gave the atoney to bleily'sFirst qnmJtty... ? .• a a • a » • • '» • • • • • • •tea_br him till ssxt day, and tn some way he of currency, tee lejsatawjof grainSHBBT.«Hrates of exchange were :—very nrm. Other klaas were witaout tmpertaat 1 and we retain oar previaat all the yards lor theAJTDThe market for 1alteration. aad tee range of prices iahoped would;tor toe present.By the steamer New Vork we ,ve London pa-of the 3d of October. " London tin** ofssmptsm There hiousjht very tettame fancy sheep on • am meluawd in the 1sale at ail 1 • s follows —^wowfiaifT'i.UU6^4 StWDVEof benefit to the crops. Anomer 1-wtteafmttn eating store sain, which can verynproducepa r,wijieh.8|oesjatj6*a7|,according' inthediscountmarkettherepasa'steadydemand,and Therewereoasale14302heal.and2008wereactions have been made as low aa the Mew York aad Erie continue t? advance, mtnois very short prime bills. [This, how- I Central shares and optional rights have again declined,ElCArTrrLATION.The to|al receipts of all stock at all the yards fortenfiaaiquotations being 21 a 20 discount and 4J» a 5.way .of Canada we find only t|ej annexed para Browning' «..>.. ,. iae 31 TOcaangeto-day.W|fl#B.menta,ofwaptofreadinesstogivea ctiontoanRaCKTPTSNEW-OKIA-DgSIEHAILBOAD.borne believe that the Jnse hasNewYorkaad Erie1stm.7p. Do. 2d mortgage 7 p. ct.. 136U Do 3d do.. 7 p. ot., 18SU. asse Uo Bonds, 7 p ct,, ttS, 71. ' Do. Sharps. 7 p Ct., assentel.Panama Bauroad 1st mtg., 7 p.j< Do. 2d mtg ,7 p. ct.,1872. i,Penn. Can, Bonds. 1st mtg 6 pi Da. 2d ml* 6 p. ct.. sterUn^L Do. $60 shares .-.Philadelphia and Reading Bonds Do. $50 sharesAnnexed is the statement • for the week ending OctoberCircukU'n.Bank PiUaourgb .$aa& 6*iExchange .-.. 091,410 1 Mer. andManufs. 333^42eider the taggeratedtaken wheitraffic onpresent in: itien comes from alt ce equally 28000 N CaroUna 0'g.of future, earttiMail.'J..4 a'H; New York Cen- J.'4 a '-, Hudson liiver. &% a 4;»% MChl, ,for Liver- uoBmltog•MA* a Capclmai c b400 $00do. do.do.dohlO.. 27!»,8t»wMB • > * • • . «1*«Pw w a Wso ito m He Cm ae......t«v at•Jftssass,* tor m ha 1 $ 7 * a $14 6 4 *• •Bhevn Cam.. Feati. Sheep d. L. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 