 *t0*^**i*^OI BK5MKTT, Jim raoworoa.w. ooa*xa or nrttow *>» KASBAU STS. Mm. 3 * 1skipsofwar, aerperhaps evendateofawlatestad. aha Prtaldsat bad reeeian attack. Bat ia this proceeding the SouthCarolina State Convention will understand theinterpretation put upon their ordinance o f a ain dependent nationality l>y JJresident Buchanan. 1hisinterpretationfa,thatsaidordinancesig- powerless;andthat••sjroire USSTUCAJ* uvnvm. i Sou or "rumf'stfBander of the fortifications in the harbor of thatroundsman in the Sev Joseph Teaboe placed other business waaward, and officerCarolina; for the surrender of the federal forti- ficationswithinherlimits totheState;fortike recognition o f her independence, and for re- ciprocal commercial regulationsbetweenthelastnight,however,thegovernmenthadrewired no official information on the subject, and conse- quentlycouldnotact. Itia supposed that com* xnuakeaVoa betweenMajor Andersonandtheoanft-talhasbeenoutoff. TheSouthCarolinaCommhv aionerstoWashingtonwerehighlyindignantthey heard of the abandonment of the fort. Jogitaaaviolationofcertainpledgeeaflasj bareboonairesbythe4*""***?&eeuwBim«o emateyovert not ofwar.BothhousesofCongresswareIk day. fntheao**t*nbiBtoBfa^ferttorial government of A Brown,ofMississippi,movednoanadditionto PliaimmmwBWw-Uklewaewa^sa^••LWsionofSouthCarolinaamountstoaotaing;flat theirsubscriptions,driventhousandsofla-musthaveincreased,weawaitedwithconfi- dentelect—who,ifhehadthewisdomofagjvsaeiT»Oidebet a*an at the till Ariaona Mr.Doolittle,ofWisconsin,It Is farther understood that the message of months more, to what extent will disaster has great energy and indomitable pluck cannot the President oa this subject, when presented have progressed? I f the peaceful administra- be denied, whatever may be his faults; yet, ac- to the two houses, will, in each, be laid upon tion of Mr. Buchanan is succeeded by a govern- cording t o a l l human appearances, nothing thetable,inaccordancewiththepracticeof ment of coercion; if Mr.Lincoln shall shortofamiraclecouldsavehimnow.Bat disposing of aay paper of which they oaa take adopt the views and the policy which are sug- genius and energy work miracles. Surrounded no other notice. A motion to lay on the table gested to him by the greater number of the by a force three times the number of his own,sition. People are suggesting various modes to impvovjs t h e s a d oondition o f affairs. Some propose humiliation and prayer; bat they wfll not pay notes when they fall due, nor bring manna from heaven in these days to fill hungry mouths. Others are in favor o f reopening t k o1 W^W"i -. "'.T *•*•!Vtook the ithe prestnfflkubtei of the country. Messrs.1-*J^BSw^*., asnnd delivered a speech oa•.wi r " ito afortso i»theirpowertotakeFortSumpter faroffinthewaterandsostrongasnottoInvitei a Invtog o u t Be*errefr wrttare YORKHERALD.haveamountedto tt.ttl,andthattheperkea,ttstatement from Charleston touching the events ppxeee thereoat from Major Anders©n, in the hands ofan was indebted tor despatch received '^and closed at an advance of about So. a 10c. per bbl., aadin some cases as mush as lie. Wheat was to good re-quest, sad from lc. a Sc. per bushel higher. Obrn was and cannot be cut off except through the ter- ment , into every household, paralysed com- annihilation o f the clergy regime and the in- firmerandmoreactive. Porkwasfirmer,withsalesof ribleprocessofrevolution,aadthatInreceiv- merce,stagnatedtrade,closedmanufactories. augurationofaneraofpeace. Bat"manpro-atateaaran aad Aba virtue of a patriot could ree-incurredvcvm<an be opened tothe1st of June. The Corporation Counsel, toply i© a raanlnttan o f Inquiry, ate*the Fire Commissioners had not the power ta an»*band a company, but that they could%idual members, t h e BeeraoeaAkkmenmrefnaiafUrnln^iSabeginsthe quarrel between North and Sooaa bayiffat their control.where, proves nminfostly that Congress i t •*> longer to be relied ow, that t h eFire CcmnunsieNos.l3aadil.ment BOOB 8 L nn*vantup wssarwew BJSVSJW*nifies nothing, and that t h e federal authority within South Carolina, abort o f the interven-eKy a n d town, b a t NOW York, arise i a atittee*TheBlackmanwfllupbefore theSur-theday.Theevidence example,betweenEnglandandFrance. beingtothecentralandtoStategovernments,After thefall of Guadalajara, the flightof the day. In tko present doubtful aspect o f ..*affairs it would be Impossibleto expect thatLake*! Mlfmwww w•aaVflai.'aWallBlMII^W a»ww^(Bj3sj^Bpjf^j|SBBw*The South Carolina Commissioners wfll r e -turn home from Washington unrecognized asambassadors representing any legitimate a u -thority. And wljat then? Perhaps a bombard-meat of Fort Sumpter, or an assault, in orderto "precipitate the cotton States into a revolu- emeagencytion." This b the danger to be feared I k file of party, and to be, what Washington, meantime it win be seen that while maintain- andJefferson have been before kirn, a father to14,700, waa adopted; s*ao aneera* fagtt,OMto«miaaoi aaamas Aretien shrinks from Above a ll things I ttor the purpose ofto-mbjsjnasocieties,tortheparpaseoftismofthecountrytoavertthehorrible Calamity o f civil war.Buchanan is doing all that he can do to avoid the responsibility of giving or inviting the a n tpendent national government, h a s detailed three special commissioners, orsavoysextra- ordinary, to Washington, to arrange, if possi- ble, the terms o f a treaty of peace T^ie Com-from Charleaton thai Major AndoraoB, thfvcom- resignation. James MiiMssjU waa appointed....— . , . _ The ra»t ^ • ^ ^ J J iBJawra*The moot intense excitement existed yesterdayfrom, the force A . S . Hotcbkfsa, »•» nliBjtf aadreceived the matgaaftsn o f Captain McKilney, missioners, Messrs. Barnwell, Adams and Orr,about Ave hundred millions of dollars. Range tion, . forbearance, aad the largest amount of There i s a peculiarity about the failure of '4|§ewYo through t h e stores, warehouses and manufac- toleration by different sections o f the respec- the sugar bouses, and that ia , that i t w a s y **m — _addressed the meeting. T h eed.aadatalateT*W « • • /^mmaaa^sBBatrf^asnaBsiC U rboth of the Twentieth ward. Thomas Houston,throughout the country, caaaed by intelligence patrolman of the Sixteenth ward, sent in his the conveyance of the mails through Southtive institutions of eook. _______tories o f the city, and aa equal amount of pro-perty would doubtless be discovered. Countup the securities that are held by our capital- AGAIN CHEOXKD.—A few days ago every one*ists, in which our moneyed men have invest-brought about by a depreciation in the priceof sugar, and that dtprsaaatkia kt has result o fpolitical causes. So,too,undoubtedly, lensesia other branches of business hare sufferedfrom depreciation i a the value o f staple arti-cles, for depreciation o f property is tko orderII *iwaj>tear fccAAsrslef«atriMSB *«WJPULart.tn •*HaUnvstia«aW*B*mamaT . l L a m L a W a a ^pension listH othought the days of the church party in Mexice were numbered.xm?iM'•I 'X trlr*ithe•eomaw^Lincoln, even now, tosafe foothold; to consider thestrides. Hew or when it will end, Hjtftr-TTf iMeeathne,eachI*thesituationofinfluence to every branch of industry and com- merce. Factories a r e •are empowered to treat with the President forcity, hadPort Sompter—a more formidable position. B o -foreleeringtheforthespikedthegunsandburn-edtheguncarriages.CaptainFosterandafewrogateyesterday taeexclusionofallUnitedStatesandthesecededState,as,forwhichenableustodecreebankruptcyorwellofCastillowithasmallremnantofbisforces, menwereleftiachargeoftheworks.Whenthe otherbusinessaction of Major Anderson became knownin elicited,however,Charleston, the excitement waa intense. Sereralmilitarycompanieswereorderedout,andithire-ported that military corps from the interior harebeen ordered to Charleston. On the receipt of thenews in Washington the President called the Cabi-nettogetherfordeliberation.Uptoteno'clockabout4,000bales, about3,000mtransit.W*days,orformanyweeks,ascircumstancesmayAalthisprodigious,unparalleledargosyofthirdthatnumberwithwhichtodefendtheabandonedPort Moultrie and occupiedlycorroborativeofthe in the HKBALD.firmeryesterday,aadat11*0.,whichshowsa require. ThePresident itisunderstood, wealthbbeingtossedtoandfrouponthe lastpropthatremainedtothetotteringfor- eriHceerla.A tares millions of will receive them informally; will hoar waves o f sectional strife a a d discord, which tunes o f Miramon. T h e capital was investedisold,amountsto$«75perbale, what they have to say,and will submit threaten its engulfment in an abyss from in the beginning of the present month,r^w.ooo when applied to the whole the facts, in a special massage, to both whence it never can be recovered. The storm, and no doubt Ortega sat down beforeofpeacein China will housesofCongress. Hewill doubtlesstell scarcely begunto rage,hasinaugurateda its walls with a mind perfectly atopenupanactivedemand orcottongoods,theseenvoysextraordinarythathehasnotpanicwhichhasalreadyreducedthepriceseaseastotheresultFromthereports both from this country aad from Europe, whichwilltendtoincreasethedemandforrawcotton, ashadowofauthoritytorecognisethem*a ofmerchandise,prostratedthestockmarket furnishedusofthedesertionsfromMiramon's•SB.* -vq•^"^testimony already ThecottonThethreeConuaissionersentrustedwiththose andanotherfivehundredmillionmightbeeasily comprehensive duties have arrived in Wash- added. It may not be amiss to put down twoIn a time that knows no defined faturo there can •-closed at high ket tended t ofrom store, and the heaviest The transactions embracedington, arequartered "inafinemansionon Franklin row, near the President's house," aad come prepared thereto remain for only a fewthousandmillionsofdollarsasagrossaggre- gate o f the property held or controlled in this commercial capital of the Western Continent'•3i-tion o f Congress, can only bo force of arms.eitingaiahed b yBrowneadMMMslso*oc*P***m #*discna- YesterdaythecityofNewYork,andDOdoubt admitsofnodebate,orotherwisethisantici- republicanorgansoftheNorm,whatwillbe- ledbythebestgeneralsintherepublic,km houses for religious revivals; bat reli- In the House, the whole country wherever the newi reached gious exercises will not meet bills o f exchange .Washingtonwasthrownintoastateoftheutmostexcite-tionablygiverisetoaaexcitingrevolutionarysteadygrowthoftheindustryandsagacityofneverforamomentquailed;buttakingafewnorsetfactoriestowork.Itiatruethismay•tncatiI""* leaf _________•i of privilege in relation ment by intelligence from Charleston o f th e discussion, especially in the Senate, where thepaper connecting thV [ommittee with the recent apartment He repelled lie warmth; but as the rspaper articles are notBtionwastakenontheittamedoutthatFortMoultriehadnottherulesofthetwohouses,then,thisexpected Morris, chairman of been attacked, bat waa voluntarily abandoned message will, in all probability, be so prompt-the select committee to investigate in reference to by Major Anderson, both for military and p o - the Interior Department robbery, said committee litical reasons. He removed his troops to Fortover eighty years tIt i s t o o evident that a n active, mischiefmaking republican minority are bent upon in- creasing the difficulties between the North and theSouth,andthatundertheirauspicesthe countryisnotonlymenacedwithadissolution of the Union and a secession of the slavehold- ing States, but also with civil war. N o t con- tentedwithbelligerentmanifestoes,theultra-re- publican press is daily becoming more and more vituperative i n its advocacy o f the extremestof the most reliable, he issues quietly from hisstronghold, aad, inspiring his men with hat owaimpetuous valor; pours down on kis anaauapoot-ing sluggard enemy, a n d retires with twelveproduce some effect upon the abolition fanatice, who, for the but thirty years, hare been work- ing to bring about the present disaster; bat that is all that oan be hoped from them; and ifThe steamship City of Manchester, from Liver- our latest advices do not mention that thiaaadington,therecognitionbythegovernmentof the United States of the separate nationality of South Carolina must be otherwise accom- plished.submission to the doctrines laid down sionhehasbeentoosuccessful;forintaking nolightanywhere. TheshipofStateisdrift- in the Chicago platform. They appeal DegoUado from the liberal army he has ing hopelessly, it would appear, with darkpool on the 12th and Queenstown oa the ljth inst, arrived at this port early yesterday morning. H e r advices are anticipated.been done.The military reason assigned for removingthe troops to Fort Sumpter ia, that Fort Moul- trie could n o t b e held with Fort Sompter in possessionoftherevolutionists,the latter fort commanding t h e other, owing t o its greater elevation,aadbesidesbeingconsideredofsuch strength that a bombardment from Fort Moul- trie could have no effect upon i t Fort Sumpter was only occupied by a few troops and labor- ers till Major Anderson took possession o f i t , anditmightatanymomenthavefallenintothe hands of the people of Charleston.The political reason assigned by Major An-to the inexorable logic of Sharpens rifles, done a signal service to that cause. grooved cannon and the bayonet, and re- From his imbecility as a leader, bis meddle-clouds above and fogs around, and breakers on every side, without a friendly beacon to guide her course, and n o man can tell upon what rugged coast she may strike. And all this time, with difficulty besetting us—with which ao na- tion whereof history speaks was surrounded— to make matters worse, we find the pubUc offi-The mails by the Canada,tononWednesday evening,reachedthiscityyes- terday morning, placing us in possession of Euro- pean files to the 15th inst.Wepublishthismorningaveryinterestingac- count of the capture of Pekin and the lacking of the Emperor's palace, by which ft will b e seen that the Allies obtained a largo amount of spoil, the lion's share falling to the French. The par- ticularsofthecaptureandtreatmentofthefire, English officers and the London Times correspon- dent will be read with interest.We apprehend, too, that tins is the result ofthiscommissionanticipatedbytheSouthCaro-lina State Convention, and that the object ofthe commission is the official warning which isdeemednecessarytojustifythemoredecisive anceeveryoutburstwhichcaterstotheirown revolutionary acts contemplated by the seceded diabolical, bloody fancies. They pretend towhich arrived at Boa-In consequence o f the pressure upon our co- derson himself is, that this movement loosed the lumns this morning, we a r e compelled t o omitTfceseveral interesting despatches from our correspon-dentsintheprincipalcitiesofEurope. Fromthem we learn that the great Powers are activelypreparing for a struggle in the spring, to be inau- lina, F o r Fort Sumpter ia impregnable gurated by Garibaldi's promised attack o n Vene-, Dec. 87, IMS.tia. -OurNaplescorrespondentstatesthatthere- actionary movement wen on the increase, and that a serious rupture between the Garibeldiaas and the Sardinian authorities waa imminent.The English press continue t o discuss t h e s e - cession question, and we give this morning the re- cent effusions of the London journals upon that ex- citing topic. The commercial news is not import- ant, the main points baring already been given.The Coroner's inquest on the killing of Patrick O'Neil by Louis Harsh, at Williamsburg, oa Christ- mas day, was concluded yesterday. The principalwitness was the father of the accused, who posi- tivelytestifiedtothestabbingofO'Neilbyhisson. The prisoner was committed on the verdict to •wait the action of the Grand Jury.against any armament which the Palmetto State oaa at present bring against it, though Sullivan's Island, o a which Fort Moultrie is situated, commands the outer entrance to the harbor, and is regarded by many military authorities as the key o f the place. It was here, in 1776, that Colonel Moultrie, in obedience to Gover- nor Rutledge aad his own genius, won for him- self imperishable renown b y defending t h e fort, contrary to the advice of so able a military leader as General Lee, who regarded It as ut- terly untenable against the British fleet It was a mere rude work of earth and sandand palmetto logs; but commanded as it was, it defeated nine British ships, one o f which was burned. We perceive from our report of thetry from t h e ruin which their incendiaryag-the abstraction of bonds, to place of Boooek, resigned. They may hold some of their wawtlnp ia New York.evacuation and destruction o f Fort Moultrie,and an impression prevailed for some time thatthe fort had been captured b y the citizens o fSouthCarolina. Buton.receiptoflaternews tiredSenatorsfromSouthCarolina. UnderSompteratnight,andleftasmallforcetospike the gum, barn the gun carriages and dismantle Fort Moujtrie. It waa believed at Charlestonwithoutchecked.no certain pathway seems before us—there i sGordian knot, aad put aa end to the danger of aaimmediatecollisionbetweentheUnited States troope a a d those o f South Caro-Washington, dated eight o'clock, we learned or abandonment of the federal authority in the withmaweak.ThenumberadmittedtothethatMajorAndersonnotonlyactedaltogether secedingStateorStates,sofarasawisedis-to either producer, agent or consumer. Publicsecuritiesarealreadyshakentotheircentre. lakesonMonday-bysweepingtheiceandthenrection a t preaaat ia 8,388-en increase o f 163pubicinstitutionsdaringthepastweekwas1,963, oa Idaownresponsibility, butcontraryto cretionmaysuggestauthorities might easily have prepared t h eaadtimesdischarged,transferredordeoeaeedia thesameperiodnumberedl,7»i.expressorders,furwhichitispossiblehewill Mr.Buchanan canfindneither constitu-beremoved front commandof the station,as tional law for, nor political expediencyItneedsbut a fewstepsinadvancetowards theeraof"famine,fireandslaughter"toren- der them so much wastepaper. Wherewill our metropolis be then? Against whom will theletting o n a n inch o r two o f water—naturewouldhavedonetherest—andmanypeoplewhomay not have another skating holiday daring thewinter would have gone home in a pleasant—i *•-""i-1rgin* company Ho. U. The Street Co:directed to puiehaas five thnoneml feet of blehoso for the Fire Department They concurred to appropriate $1,600 to purchase a hand engine£l T S l ^ T S S l t-iltf ^SttVLtA special meeting of the Hew York Sanitary of Baa emtesinanshlp, the wisdom and the ing the federal authority in South Carolina, Mr. the people. He can still, by raising bis voice new is declining, aad operatives are being dis-iswin time, be the instrument of guiding the coun- charged. Within a few days three or four sugar ry back to its pristine condition, and, b y r e - houses in this eity bare failed, aad perhaps a a blow,whichmayinvolveusallinthehorrors commendingtoboth"SouthandNorthsuckmanysnorenousesiaothertrades. Failureetothe readies of the ignorant the priaci- phut SewA* Carolina Treaty Conaaafta- of a civil war. Let this Congress and the in- amendments to the constitution aa shall define the amount of fear or too •ioners to Washington.practice of domestic hygieaa. The Bev. The State Convention. BOWin session ia South coming administration act accordingly, and the and maintain forever the rights o f each, carve have occurred i a this greatandaheatofothercelebrities,Carolina,assumingthefunctionsofoaindeUnionmayyetbesaved.„. ',,'outforhimselfanamewhichshallstandhighalmost wo may say, wtthin o n e weak, asm necessarily the number o f people thrown oat of employment must have been proportionately large. |iiin the history of this confederation. Bat, " ^ |•*"• oHtlrings, keshouldarrayhis fnftaente Real estate in this metropolis. is valued at against every tendency opposed t o concilia-ments, whichNew York enterprise, onseaand onland,form everywheret h ebasis o fandtoaddtotheanxietyregardingitsfuture""HUT ambassadorsfromaforeignState;thattoh#l,alarmedholdersofrealestate,causedsub- armyandthedisorganizedstateinwhichitisannr «wta iq»«iai«i, •siJUatajilsr bras*aT eaav as President of the United States, the •eoee- scribers to a government loan to withdraw represented to have been, and which each day The administration is paralyzed. The Presi-fhno? ithat State is still one of the States of the Union,borers from employment, introduced retrench-dence the news of the speedy fall of the city, the1 -«-I"lanuw newmessat$16a$1625.andnewprimeat$1200,andingtheseCommissioners,eveninformally,heisaadthrowngloomoveranentiresectionofposesandGoddisposes."Webadalwayshalftachmenttopartymterestswhichmisleadhim, theatre'olddo.at$1026.Freightsclosedwithmoresteadiness, with a fair amount of engagement*. Sugars were in bet- ter request, with salei o f l^tOa 1,4M> hade Cubs, at rates given in another column.fa South Carolina-, of Fort Mow.lt.rie b y Majorconcedingmuchforthesakeofpeace. country.IftheevilcontinnesforthreesuspectedthatMiramonhadgenius.Thatkeoranindifferencewhichhiunworthyofhispo-M A* .*nullify 1 ta«^l "pated extraordinary message would unques- come o f t h e prosperity which h a s been t h e own mutinous and faithless, Miramon's courageactive sympathizers with these Southern seces- sion movements number, perhaps, more than one-third o f the body, exclusive o f the two re-hundredoftheminhisclutches,includingthree thereisnotradeorbusinesstobeattendedto, generalofficers,twoofthembeingthewell perhapspeoplemightaswellgotothereligiousknown DegoUado, late Commander-in-Chief, revivals as occupy their time in any other way.Meantime, as we aay, political revolution aad commercial revulsion are rapidly progressing,ly disposed o f a s to authorize the Commission- ers in questionto return home,withinaday or two, and report to their State Convention substantially that not having been received inaad Berriozabal. This, i n a military view, is a eewere blow to the liberals,who, however, never were a match for Miramon's consummate military ability. He has alwayswaaallowedtositduringthesittingsoftheHouse,either in Washington or elsewhere, and to employA stenographer. In committee the Indian Appro-priationbillwaatakenup;butaatherewaano theircapacityofforeignambassadorsatWash-measurestoreducetheslaveStatestothrashedtheminthefield.Butonthisocca- quorumpresenttheHouseadjournedtillMonday. thatitwaeintendedtoblowuptheworks,butState. We cannot suppose that there is a soli-tary member of the South Carolina Convention tration a s substituting t h e blood red flag o fwhoentertainsanyhopeoftheofficialrecogni- civilwarforthestarsandstripesthatfloattion of these three would-be foreign ambassa- over the Capitol, and confidently predict that dors, either by the President or by Congress- the "irrepressible conflict" will b e carriedThe late annual message o f Mr. Buchanan o n out with a ruthless barbarity which John this subject o f secession i s sonclusive. H e Brown himself would have hesitated to sanction.cannot recognise South Carolina as outside the They refuse to yield one jot to the just require- Union.Onthecontrary,hisofficialoathre- mentsofanincensed,outragedSouth,andcall quireshimto"seethatthelaws(oftheUnited •'idiots,""insane,""traitors"and"soldtosistance, counsel trial.a n d examplein our hour ofStates) are faithfully executed;" and these laws make no distinction between the port of Charles- ton and the port of New York.slavery" all who would seek to save the coun-appointed oa UM QommItteeto iBTeaUgato the facts connected wtthI*1Dim*48 Coia.A£•»"* JohonM tear *^*»reU»a7~H «asa*iCstst 'totalBawn*l^eai";5?jpudiate reflection, argument, truth and facts. Theyinventfalsehoodsto render theadminis- tration o f Mr. Buchanan unpopular; exag- gerate abuses and magnify into undue import-some a n d imperious conduct DegoUadohas done more mischief to bis party titanwould half a dozen such disasters as thatwhich Miramon has just inflicted o n them. I fgressions have cenjured over its destinies. Secession means revolution. The act of se- Yet it stands forward as the inevitable resultlutionary act; aad, like that o f our generalDeclaration of Independence of 1776, it is adeclaration which has to be made good beforeit can be recognized by the repudiated generalgovernment In this view of the subject huePresident would be justified, legally, in closingthe doors o f t h e White House against theseSouth Carolina Commissioners, and in warn-chief making, that the city of New York is guilty of palpable suicide intermitting it tomjutary annals of the world.tained that this is not the first instance to which the trust fund bonds hare been used for speealatire pur- poses. Eight hundred thousand dollars, it a said were loaned daring Mr. Fillmore's aihntotstrwttnB, aad t w o hundred thousand when Mr. McQeOand was Secretary,foreshadow the policy of the incoming adminis-of the government, and everything in apparent confusion, where we might hope to look for as-hands in the same manner they would advance their cause n o little. They may thank their starstheyhavegotridofDegoUado.Notwithstanding this check, the liberal causeis n o t retarded i n the least; for, with all hisprestige and genius, Miramon can do nothing,unless backed by material aid, which he sadlyneeds, and we stiU expect to hear of the fall ofthecityaadtheflightorcaptureofike"Young Lion" of the church; unless, as is pos-sible, tim morale of the liberal army should beinjured and t h e men affected by a cowardlydread of Miramon's very name, and that terrorin the presence of an enemy superior in genius I hear to-night that the House Committee of laraattgscession on the part of South Carolina is a revo- of this long continued, monstrous political mis- and skill which i s common enough i n the tton into t h e Interior Department frauds hare ascer-continue. I ftwo thousandincur a loss of over half that amount within ayear, if thefireswhich have already begun to earthly purpose except to spend money, and burn a t Fort Moultrie a r e n o t immediatelyextinguished. The period has passed for criticalthe wealth millionso f this metropolis i s o f dollars now, i t willT OT H ECENTRALP ARKCOMMIS-ingthemtobewareofthepenaltiesoftreason.examinationofthedegreeofblametobecastweatherwasclearandthethermometerforpertydeliveredseveralhundredthousanddollars.«-But Mr. Buchanan is actuated by that spirit of upon any particular community, and the timepatriotismwhichseeksconciliationratherthan hascometoaskwhetherwemustallgotowreckcoercionasthetruemethodofrestoringand inbehalfofafanaticismwhichisgradually tralParkCommissioners,theiragentsorser- Utahwar,whichtareooBMnenaedbythedepartmentasrevolutionary Convention, n o w sitting a t perpetuating t h e Union, Hence h e will r e - tending towards t h e direst anarchy. A little Charleston, that the question of the State takingimmediate military possession o f Fort Moultrie ceive these South Carolina Commissioners in- longer, a a d real estate will have decreasedThe Commissioners of Public Charities and Cor-rection have adopted a now system of dispensingrelief to the outdoor poor. Ike applicant ia givena paper with all the usual questions printed on it,whichistobereturnedwiththeiieceeaaryan- aadSullivan'sIslandwasbeingconsideredia formally,iaordertocalltheattentionof fiftypercentinvalue. Ashortindulgence winter,asutterlystupid. Naturefeelsdis- themoetsearchingcharacter.swers. If those are found aatinfactory, upon the seffot session. Congress to the actual facts involved ia the further in unconciliatory language, proud posed to give the skaters some of theirpresent revolutionary attitude o f said State, bolstering, and cowardly cackling about ooer- sport o n Christmas d a y , a n d a s manyTillalatehoarlast eveningitwasbelieved andthatthetwohousesmaybedulyimpressed cion, of those whonever would dare tohere that Major Anderson had acted under the with the necessity of the speedy adoption of shoulder a gun, and the weight in merchandise to the Park, either to join in the sportday which will enable them to make an iaresttgattoa e( Russell is etui to jail, bail bond not bariaf yet beenriatt of the examiner, the relief is handed to the ap- plicant Asthenumberofapplicantsforreliefat theofheeoftheCommissionerslaveryeoaeiderableexecuted.as ten or fifteen thousand people goand trouble. The number of persons under the or to look on. But nature is not al- been appointed Secretary of Legation to Paris.this season, the regulation saves much labor, time special instructions of the President But by some measures for the pacific restoration of under which our storehouses groan will be con-to the government under different admmtatrattoas, hascareoftheCommissionersofCharitiesaadCor-aaimportantdespatchwereceivedfronttheUnion,aad,meantime,forthemaintenancedemnedtorotthere,aaditwillbeofnoworthlowedtohaveherownway.TheCentralParkAS*AimOfBBAXIL.Deepatcbes hare been received at the Department ofState from t h e legation a t Brasil. Oar Mtotator, Mr. Meade,taactivelyeagagedtatendeavoringtoprocureaa adjustment «t the claims of oar eittoeaa. Considerable excitementprevailediatheempiretoviewofaaim portent election for Chamber deputies. The'struggle ta between liberals aad conservatives, the Miter daimJag for the prorinoes a larger share to the admintatratioe oi the local oftees, and the former being opposed to them.of Aldermen held their regular sea- the citizens o f Charleston a n greatly exaspe- is, a resort to coercion against a secedingrated, aad consider it aa tat of war unless dis- State; n o r o a a w e o r anybody else. T h e outcry b o directed which points a t presentstate o f mind. As it waa, everybody was dis-gusted, and used vary strong language, aUof This state of aSbtae ta analagons to our own contestavowed by the President It appears thatMr. constitution declares, however, that indi- Buchanan, adhering ta the policy of ail Mes- viduals within the United States, in "levysage, directed the commandant to act only on ing w a r against t h e United States," o raway from forbearance to the strong armof martial law!between federal power and 8ute righto. The Navy Department also receivedmorning fromtaa squadron, dated Bis, November 10. The Semtooto had arrived there after a passage of ninety odd days, owing to the ciremtoue ecorne pursued. The health of i he officer* and crew o f thethatofa the .commandof theSemianietoplaceofPrenttaf, Com. Sands adds that with eSbrt and small extheSeminolewillBrcreaaefleotireAxTairs tatajsBBBBBBSy Dl., Dee. '*.,.Ihaumnsaam arrived hareto-algh*aadiria hsto at-ciaims of the American wing of hta Wow Ttah swsBjnrtoit Senator Baker was publicly received by his friends iaottoia "giving aid and comfort to their enemiea," are g u t t y o f treason. Under Una provision, the individuals concerned i n a nthe federal form a t Charleston, and a l lr and abetting said assailants, would he- liable to arrest, trial and punishment as traitors. This is the law; but a wise discretionThe time is rapidly passing. Only nine weeksand a half will elapse before the time when Mr.Lincoln hopes to b e inaugurated President o fthe United States. We are in the midst of revo-lutionary disaster, and every hour is renderingthe danger greater. N o t O B ] T the dry and it dosires—except lee to skate upon.oftenteaches moderation where t h e law d e - its penalties. Thus w e s e e that Mr. to the full extent o f Ids conatitu-State of New York, but the whole West and Northwest,areinterestedtostaytheprogressof destruction. Ifruinawaitsushere,stillgreater is the peril to the country behind us, which will sooa awe Ms produce without a market its se- curities a a d inveetments without purchasers. aaditsoutletsforoateraalaoclosedup.The blow which talk first upon as will shake theThe public wfll be very glad to forego the other.arrangements provided they oaahave the ice. Whywfll nottheftsamisaionersap- point a special skating committee to see that the Christmas blunder does not occur again, a n d to ascertain why, in such fine skating weather aswehavehadsincelastSaturday,thereisno opportunity for the public to eajoy that manlyttonal limitations, ia stretching the exercise o f a kind forbearance.thrown a thousand or taaUntitled Documentafternoon a t th e Ceart House. The hall wasJSullivan's Island for the fabric o f American utuaporili t o Hi very coa- sport upon its own property !—for we fancy thatTHE NEWSm o *Maxxoo—TaaLraaaifaandtherootofMarquez.theroadtothe capital was thrown open to the adVanolrtg liberals, who, t o t h e number o f twenty-five thousand men, flushed with repeated victories, advanced on the last stronghold of their oppo- nents, who could not have had more than one-theoldsystem of credit couldbemaintained. 'fc.iaw*- . "sL:;—theliberalscouldjustmanagetogetalltheirtroublesome and incompetent leaders off their cials at Washington plundering the departmentsA WORDSIONERS.—In our younger days, before peopleimproved upon nature, built bridges for no and returned or replaced by ethers. It is not pretendedpunted trees where they would not grow, the boys used to count upon skating when thethat either of the secretarial profited by these opera- tions.Russell's friends assert mat his arm hare now das them from government for services performed and pro-several days in succession stood below theelusive of a claim before Congress of upwards of four, hundredthousanddollarsforpropertydestroyedtathefreezing point I t has remained for the Cen-vants, to change all that They regard nature as a humbug, and her operations, summer andjust.The committee received authority from the House to-whichweendorse. Itisveryoddthatwo never can have a public work conducted on the simple plan which ia adopted by business men engaged l a a private enterprise. T h e Park Commissioners make a great parade o f their arrangements, and give the public everythingbenosuchthingascredit Unstableatalltimes, as i t has been employed i n thb country, H be- comes worthless in this crisis: and, althoughmoney is plenty, as it rarely was ever beware— thoughwereceivedsomesixmillionsofgold from Europe within the past few weeka,aawl win probably get as much more in the two or three weeks to come—of what avail isitT It wfll not relieve the pressure.1*1 sit osDhd afayssaThusrevolutionandrevulsionareadvancing hand in hand; nor is there anything being done tostaythem. Congressisineffectivetorgood.i arttoalcue the eouatey from imp aafftagi mm eitherthroughanobstinacyaadmiserableat-a n y immediate prospect o f being We can see no opening for escape-BxoomtT ortSGirfc*TOium RobertWatab,whohas occupied diplomatic positionsmaBsaaY*sat runL* Fort Moultrie;but insteadofthis tee,aad there will benocorneroftheland thetitletotheParkbaanotyetbeenrestedia crowded *»**^"eq*^*TM***ZZZLZ Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069unaffected by i t It is high time, therefore, for the Commissioners, and that the people havebeartodanrery,hoasyassaatthesatanstOsvattoiiof s hinaolfandcoastitoentstothe Uaion, scooted t h e ideawww.fultonhistory.com 