 ..smallroom. Healsomentionedthat In a single block be found forty-five families, not a Mr. EoBauT L. vixi.x. Chairman of the Special Com- single one of whom had a child living. When he mlttte of the Society appointed to cooperate with Dr. asked for their children, the answer generally waa,CITY INTELLIGENCE. —«<collected and evaporated, leave a thick putrid MassAppearing comprehensive dige'st-'S'^en dogs wUI*Sm Mlli *,M ."'""f readily Jr.i?k.VE>lNG the }4lh i!ex'., inaton which occasion the small. sword,ihi w na aMOBAPBHUiiIh, Lecrare-ooB o. the Hew-Totk^been foond andwentfonno her on ijing«r Br. H.T- («*ows.-eolPortI»,CflO were aent home oa aoocunt of alck- borhood saw the supposed murderer leave Treasarer, John BlUby.MrsrMt_,|^4s Unou^ a* Aietlo 8m to tk« Ncitk Pola.a short dl«- disease. Thechiefdestroyer was typhus fever. M should be left on the beach. After his this:ttBland as already obrerved, pars withinfenoe '4f Or. Bkwxs, Ike Praddant, Mr. •^^ ae^tBM. PoUOM oMtipM fhs Ckair, lAa.ln the eoom of • fewpiaMfn7l^aaB>hi,dMeinMt the objector tht li*iKWiHi«i|Hhif»tta>«g—dwllloftheyobUe.proposed the search teg the paat twelve yeara,where heduring the war, aiya of this oara, a boot belonging to the right foor, a broom and"BOH. CBAB.CASK,everything in all of them which inTolves i or disaster to the conntry at large.»»p wAWfwoAi.Voeti ^MbtnMi^^Siltibdf GiUrtn, a BannsM.iasipBl!a»j"^ffl««»*»lirctke Baanoer, tke lee,Is dlaekarged by ttie great"' dar- Kqelaad and Fcaaeeof r^w» men engaged In the to the eanpalgaprobably cannot be reeorsiod. OOeosJAKaa aad of tka Harbor PoUtsa.jji spiliiwaa drawaal.SiSb'b Bay, carefully collated such accounts as had our breathing was, first, to supply the blood wiJi keenpublishedrespectingthe variousefforutopene-carryingdown,things. The Democrats were with ar d received a severe bruise. Some coals dropping Schr. Ann S. Salter, Fish, from Newark for Provi- eracy. It will press upon all sections—npon iha~and he thus arrived at the con- oxygen, which is the life-suatalning principle of the elnsion that the true route lay up the theretofore un- a'u-, and second, to free the blood from carbonicfoamingrsge. and Irjlng to create constemarloa in the pub-fromagratearebelievedtohavecausedtbefire.dence.Sehr. Arctie, Hicks, Georgetown, D. C, < ds., withflour to SaUord A Dodge.Schr. Carlton Jayne, Jayne, Brookhaven, in ballast,for Alexandria.Schr. Edwin M. CUrk, (3 masted,) Clark, Virginia,via K^yoort, with oysters.Schr. Restless Smith, Richmond 4 ds., with coaLWIND—Sonset, N. N. W.,and snowiag.boat Jsne. No. I.Jane. No. 1,Schr, Old DomloioD, (Smaata,) Johnaon, Havana, withto Robert A Wiillama.—Southand theNorth thefull oftrate the ice-banler;lic mind. The 8es.«lon of Congress openedwar commenced. For six long weeks the Republi- cans sat calmly In their seats, and listened to the—IN STABLES ^A nOBSE BITBNXD.upon di*chai|aall their duties under tbe Constitution, aal inllSmith Strait, which opens at the head of the Bay. To America Is duetheoredltofbavlog reduced iheevidencetopracticalresults. TheaecoadGrln- nell Expedltlott, t>egnn In 1653, added new proofs to tkoae pievlouily anown In faver of the routeacid and other impurities. The air which we breathe is found on expiration to have lost a large part of Its oxygen, and to be Impregnated with carbonic acid gas—that substance Which often proves fatal to per- sons who descend into wells, and which Is the activeAt 9 o'clock, two frame stables in the rear of Nos. C2 and 64 Cherry-street, owned by Mrs. Tiaa, wererebuke and resistexploredon tlie of every attempt partand at the present time there Is suf- AdcBt warrant fer aueitlng that It Is by this channel tkattheBoleUtobereached. Itlatruethat In this diractloa -the Ice-belt Is broader thiol at any otherTheySBitli BtiaitIiyby burning foiai; batthisfaftgivestotheroutepeculiaradvan- orinhaledIntothelusgs—thepoisoningprocessIn;fages, stnee the polar current, setting rapidly to the aenth through Baffin Bay, loosens the ice, and opens yasaages tkrough it, such as are not found to the aame extent in other quarters, whei e the direction ofIt was <hat it should be breathed in aTbeyIt didn't alarm ua, and 1 don't tbdnk it; alarmed youstate. NkeanrrentIsnortherly. AlthoughIceIsoftenmet pxaiiahadascertainedtbatair containingfiveorsix InthelineefBaffinBayaslowastheBanksofNew- percent,ofcarbonicacidgaswouldproduceImme-meetlag to advertise your When covered a Spring goods. byda.—Both by pilotVpolicythia panic was through with, they next tried suranceCompany. No.73Isatenement-house,and GeorgeSteers,No.6.Imadiaad, yet no serious obetmetion to navigation Isdiate death, and tbat leas than one-half thatquantitygoinguntil we bavereaebed the latltuie ol >avlk,72°M'; andbeycaidthiswfaale-shlpsoenetrate aBBually, and with little risk, as far as latitude 76°,PoliceReports. COCNTBByXITKBS AND TRX TILSOBAFH.SBlle4.for Liverpoolin of human every departmentpresentedUper-would' aoon prove fatal ;and Dr. T. HtinxxT Babkxxto raise cotton in this State as to manufactureit In the Slave States. The laws of trade are oldereven than negro alavery. Men will buy where Information was received last evening at the Police Barka Starr King, for NicolaagiakactiTity,la Older to get to their lahlnggrounds about the that an animal In an atmosphere containing only twomonth of Lancaster Sound. Between the hlghcstlat- per cent, of cartwnlc acid would die In about twosell tbe dearest. Soutbem trade has not been so billa on Ihe Warren Bank, Rhode lalaud, would be I i»ii, Barbados; Santiago, (Brem..) P..rt-aa' PiattHmde attained by the whalers and Ssalth Strait, the water Is mainly free daring the Su mmer, and the 41il«Dee,>otezceed&ig IMmtleaJte readily traversed. Dr.KABa"!effintaInthisdirection werehours. Now the airwe exhale from the lungsAl>-experimen-tal, and bis Winter harbor was selected on the east- It is a substance that isAlso, ateamahlpa Boanoke, manufacturing inte- shopkeepers on hla beat of the matter. In less than for Savannah.for NorfolkMontgomery, aioNtheand in ailHain ant aide of tka ckaimel, In latitude 78° 37'. His sub- the blood, and If It ia not as constantly removed Itsequent ezploratlcBS proved his position to have been willdeath. The of breath- processeffort of nature toJofceef tka Polar enrrent. which comes down from self from the presence of this poison. But air whichare at anchor In and controlled the of Moderation, by spiritaa onlaTorable onetry,pression, owingsuffering an;tonow you will hearths last of the Lynn strikers.ism and Common Senae. It respecttoi he was exposed to the fulltemporary de- the Ninth Precmct. announcing the arrest of Bridget all this wil\ be shortly remedied, and In a month from tempting respectively to pass the counterfeit in ques-free her- 4ke aartb tkroaib the newlv-dlacovered Channel of in will no(^oarantlnc.Teiiawly. The loe carried down by this current notaaly pswanlad Ua release, but In conseqnenCe of the with carbonic acid. Hence the necessity of734 corner of Green- "They tion, at No. Washington-street,ofConnecticut at the present moment, but Idont believe streets. In other Precincts arrests were also made.to those with whom succesa* * party•tacbiieiton by toe land. It was broken Into preeentedbreath. Toe knmmocka to the Botthward, which rendered tance of this was Illustrated by Dr. SoutbvoodtravellBg In that direction excessively Isborl-««•. The tame cause which operates to freethe ice upon the Greenland coast will free thecoast of Grlnnell Land. Dpon visiting this ahore Intte Spring of 1854, 1 found a smooth sheet of loe ex-taadlng along the land as far up as latitude 80°. This er In;Spit.both Foreign and correspondence, Jof a minute It Is of a dusky hue, tee was of but one Winter's freezing, and hence upon and in a minute and a half it is quite black. Every;Ifwe$100 on account,SAVANNAH, MarchVernon (detained at the Hook, by fog.and Legislative proceedings,ofPii-»e cloalng in of the Winter of 185X-^ there waswater as far as that parallel It is the knowledge of whole mass becomes venous, sensibility ia abolished,at her wharf at 4 o'clock P, M,,Intelligenq|^^'»et which leads roe to believe that a much uUtode can be attained on the western tide of thethe animal falls down, and in three, or at most In fouror one twentieth part of Itswill thus death in producea feiv minutes, what must t}e the probable effect of fbr twenty or forty yeara, even the muchnioceUaaeoas*The pilot beat George Steers, No, 6. came to the Citythia morning, and reiorta the gale last night as beinghave specialinterest for the(laat'fdt jrtraithigher Beyond Cape Frsier, lat.and sense to believe that goodnVNorth and Sou'h. frequently interruptedthe which he had as his own. property, representedUtatr these circumstances, Dietz was arrested upona of obtaining goods onder false pretences, chargeand Justice Kxllt has the matter under advisement. rstPBorilABLS BDsmxss.who kLocked him down and examined his pockets. Aa the ssllor had no monev, the robber OHd hiaWhen off Barnegat, at 2 P. H., Bsw twotkan on the eastern.tar, the coast trends almostmaules, theentirely— conntryfoil, promptniUBfs.due north, and the -current, flowing through the channel without obstruc- T«OD. will no doubt leave the ice smooth and favora- .ajefcrt- sledge operaUona. It is upon the coast ofEast, West,very leavy..Cjtauell Wdthat 1 wUl secure -a harooralseady obaerved. 1 have every confidence that aout the plana of tbe Club for the PreaidentlalBrok;^1 taken •••,•preaenteveryandin addition to tlie li>- tadfcoftkiarnearty tothegOth paralleL The fi«t Silimerached the of our **J"erf objectBy new buildings erected In the cityHciiiu,Bostcn, is ashore onTIMES,of the news of *»?•"alongshore with ease andcontains,Jl_HSyMLjW»JiW»UlZianiJb» le around us «arly InSeptem-»wHfc eaitaaleIka Lecture-room of the Sturvctant Institute, which t^ been permanently engaged for that purpose.the lat d about four leet. Bet carao ia nearly all landedon the and Ilea in an aituailoc. beach, exposedThe steamship Star of tbe West ia now on the large acctiimai do^k for the purpose of being stripped, re caulked and newly coppered. The ship Zingara is also OS the small balance dock for the same purpose.Tbe Brem. brig Port-auPlati, from Portaa Platte, aid,(thinsL LeftnoAm.veiaelsIntbatport.Tbe ligbter-f loop Adams, ashore oa Govtnoj't Island,partment, embracing standard novels and tale^ aai]>aia ttae witU the (rat of theonly is the air ia^^ fOAtmJfiwill .remain Inactive.of snnllgbt, the advance parties wUl bebeing taqicaaaatadin the LowerTO TBI MCBDIBIB FKOBaBLT OBTAINID—1 ourlh »ho had been Precinct,tranittctlun. look him mto cuu.milted hint to the Tomba.BROOKLYN INTELL.I6ENCB.Ifor tke the Polar Sea. A expedit'on exploration.<]f lir>at, moutit-'OiVaa runners, will be transported over the ice until*u<;«kfortunebat there Is ae- also,TrasredyXZCITXIIXHT AT FOLTON HASKZT SLIF.custody.aent for- ""'» P7. TMeane of dog-aledges, proriiion di;p.jis I establlsbad at avaiiaale puints along tbe iaad.adult man occupying soeh raota,corOirg to the beat aathorltlas, eaaataa^beiog dls-sources, many of^ parties will be followed by the malacliaFg«d by tbe lungs and pores of the akm.Fivx DotLAW Twxmr DoiiAM.a sledee, and fTM"" "lirty to forty miles 1 aSr-Tbat^b?.«, ""'v.°f i-'ilrlcen oiiuceK <.f peml-found when the air rnters that,which bad been iimk In a collision in the Lunar Bay,pupils., InPro*-.SSwUiavprLn l'p'"''lawfightup)n •"the lungi, tke oxygen wfalr.b3 SSKy,u^nIt lablood abaortrs about -10It conialup. It is upon tttis wc liveexhaled being deficient bf almostone-half in this vital.i»4, ti.ree stories high, axd 117. four stories an^lthe amatenrs orom'ses ofthhCity who will honor him with theirTwo DOLLABBthree copies to me ml-five tocopies oneaddr^fkMMed,iv per cent, of its oxygen eaeh minute. Tne Creatora'^V^perOf framethere are 363 of two stories;;Ohc?«s a".fS"/,:; lBwwaterdeoeii.lv u.V.r,.-, J',"""''*ten copies to oneby means of the boat, which he managed to cut and over. There ate 22 public buildings of brick or Frcfessfr ol re ncing, of Boston, will make an assault Eight Dollaes ''^'^J"*"'f ^^"' iSIBls manned "ir"/'" «'*'1>;is aa eec*n.. ;,s4 'liatH b»r« r.o doubt uit we%K, /"J'lOrrioi,Nxw-Yosx,Marchui«PP'"*°j|^ "••^-iSfcIf the season is not extend as far'P*?^;ayearaBfcywUlek it was discovered oy Dr. Ka;,,. {,".'; {"V"wLlUi'g.aion-capa, dyes, druga,FERNANDO WOOD. Mayor of tbeour. .axteHtd further north thaa lat t--.-. Uc, '^;! htttade there ar*. as already obstrvcd, v.ac'ItiBy, quicklyof a second inhalation, and by sweeping it away bypercha pipe,cultural Implements, aoap,apprehension aod coovictioQ.Specimenan Adtebtisikg Medium, claims to attention, from the e^'""'aaB«<p8tetha«inanyca»e.,iejA- i.-^v^ w'iii',?„ "A.tinware, blockmill, hay-presses, blacksmith, plaoiaganch arrest *knd convic- Informaiion as will lead to themaleAsthat an"-^tAaes not, in all probability, extend fir t^e-..!!^' ie«pps lor belitvingarailel uieBtioned.and all experiencebetween 9thAtromey,»rtheJiidgebefo-ewhomthecQvctlonwaa journalinthecountry.i.,Miiy near tka lasd that 'W;.,hv ,r,i ,himself with count-Brass and ke'osene oil, sulphur, Japan ware, percus-J. __Miiox'ifollowing Dpen the earUeatpains;Fitzgerald, quietlyhighesto»<;v^;,y'LTM';."'«boat L> nnw;aS, aabreathing, which must be minuter nxuiortlona— whom are tbe namei of Davidis issued on themorningof woA every Txteaimjprodttelag ilBelf. Hut there is still a third deteriorationifr.'xhieed in tbeair bvrespira- aaoiieci un °«' '.'"^ Rnsli-'h explorers, Is fresh in your tion, and lOKt is, the lois of its oxygen. Oxygen iaCity byweek, with attracuve literarj^ r^^^^' '"""lerto demonstratehtaib'>!c til »t hf will Kivc a grand eibibitton of fencing at esldbrck'i Mutic HJI, >'o. 765 Broadway, on SATUR-it.? fea.i'..lllty.ascarbonic:ir;d".aunounclogds and thecedinglormaUon to d^Mt-'^^?^?^' ^<c:w-Z$f-^laea of watar as tke AraHa Oeeaa eaanot ever esttaaata 9m l^nsstaaDa to lifebe froaea orai, evaB dariaB Iha Wianr.withtkaa««anaataaaaaitkalealafMlydIaaotTss.:feyl«iiam«rtM The tnat kady of flte watsn cf tka AreUe Oeeaa ^ki?^" Hft ajgkt be ptelMiS; 9A we,ssdkad oar saeestort always laiaiksil ia aerfsstty 5^- ?SS5^?^ > ?"^ iwaarkahla. aad eoavta-Polar cwieals of tbe Oieealaad Bea, and Ikls moatEfln!f*i'^i*2'^5"*' ££,?"» IS'SJ'"**"*"• Boglaad. oot of a totalBoaaair, yettefdayaltamooatoBtateaIsland ta aeaxehBasi Baix.—fla Oallinlsl Baaa B^aloaeeocrato to free a large area rixmt the Pole.ThedMeidliM preaeoted by tbli Una ofaapteralkmseek to MB to nave been much orar -estimated byJmeoChiliTkeNzw-T«n«nBiisti>e:Dr. S«'. ooopMl-noaertook bte (Mmo* ezpedt- ten end aixdten upon the snbjeet. Iiideed, by thewoimds,efflcers :PrssMsat,TIas-Piesldent,thasot familiar with tke reitoa. have writ-pctsoos, who, ex- and abontTompkins. A workman In the neigh, J. X. Wtnaats; Secretary, Tkoatas WatUagtao;tanoe of tbe seat of operations. Dor- BocMBS, Surgron-ln-Chlefof t..h.e„ F .,departure foimd two first-rateand bad one of kis Isgs broken by the animal, ob- established daily joonials ofIablpa and wrecks are of very rare eccBrrence. Tbe c<riddiseasela the City Court, yesterday.City Coitei.—Calendar for this day—Nos. 22,IJ"^ atr. naamun'Tm, the Beantarr, read letten tke Aretle climate than la any other, provided the re- remedy is pore air and powerful ventUattoa." them to put In'o Bay Rtoge, L. I., where tne twateetsfnl travel. The scurry la more readUy resisted In If moved at wlU." And he adda:The firat to the City, but the ronghaest nf tbe watercompeUe.1it ma; isirl; chaOaoge comparison^<—TWilWmni^TImT, CImaaaiGOPia and Baobi, In cent discoveries In the art of preservtng food arefally The great mortality In the English army waa moored for the zught. Thia morning she wiU be «pal^a( wUck tka wamett wlabea for the aaccan of availed of. From all caufes combined, the mortality was during the early period of the war. Alter brought np to the Barge Office.in theThe TIMES is wholly and entirefyaMMjart-aad fka UreUett aympathy with Dr. Hinion board of vessels visiting the Arctic seas daring the past twelve years has been less than three per eent. of the whole number of persons engaged. Several ahlps have wintered In Ihe Ice without the ooDurrenoe of atbe Sanitary Commlsiloneia arrived and commenced their operations by securing greater ventliatlon, the slckneaa was atayed, and finally diaappeared. TheDENT in its discosnon of allMt A.M terest. It does not deoy or donbt thaweie aaqnaUHedly expreaaed. '.'-VrtCBloaH^laRer liaafoUows:B*Bi4 of CeaacUaaea. HOKUIfZIlT—CBOTOll WATSR JOk TKBtopicsof !]SMVCanHeBCerfrlae '-[erthandWast Wax Man.;was fresh air.tbB: I ngrcteztreiBBly^at the pnbUcbaslDen single caae of scurvy. I come sow to speaa of the where no sanitary reforms were Introduced, the great utility of the proposed tSbrt Happily, on this head mortality continued and Increased, thus showing I am spared any reflections of my own. The subject clearly that the changes made by the Sanitary Com- has been matnreiy considered b^ the leading aclen- missioners In the Englith army were the sole causes tific societies of the United States—by your own of tbe decrease of mortality where they labored. Re-THB WOKTHETATI PKUOR AT 8I1IO SUtO AX At^XltniT OW TBI CABLK OXLIBBATIOV TO BX FiraUSBSD.W>8Btiio»o!i, Maxeh 11, latO.great panaceaIn the French army,—or necessity of Political Parties to tfas i's^a"a"a'v"c^a of adTaatare with aobar and thorongtr wl- ciety, by the Ameilcan Academy of Ana and Sci- attU worseI obaarraitona in aatronomy.in magnet- ences, by the Boston Society of Natural History, and In the black bole of Calcutta—they having had about and the remains of Gen.e, v^UJ BaAidaMttllitm.;be at lonce aompleted and Inclosed, it iw .x-i the xaal et tree aalesoe. Theaa, <A them- our moct eminent cltlxens, are to the effect that dition to this, tbe llghtlDg of our rooms in the evening ing place.Jo«>pb every Satar-la the tidei. In natoral hlitery, la the New-York wBiaiacf bybe deawUsbed forty cubic feet per man, while In our cars we have Worth surrendered to his enly an allowance of about thirty cubic feet. In ad- widow, that she may deposi^t them In a deoest rest-tioiu, it doelines to be theirsnfficisntty nnmerotu miand idea, have ttaafed Dr. Kan's lut expe- these conclusions, expressed by a large number of•'Lyceosaof NatuialHistory:taisealdhav*^Tenhlameofthehi<hBMheainthe a of ibBMi had he act already oeonpted ^n acela- the objects contemplated are not only important lasource burnergreat contamination to the air—eacbDepaitare of Oeeaa Blalla.The Inropean mail fer the FaaderMit will eloae on;of was struck in thetaszaa March9,withaugarOnM-of death in ctMi of suicidecoal. It produces death whether r-.tataed in the bloodboth esses being precisely the same. To produceopinion their senses. And so it has.Below.Bark " J. J, Hathnrit," from Mataniaa.—agentchar-from adlgnatioBofthepatrioticmenofthecountry.The Adefective betweenthehonsesNos.71and73 BrigHomer,(Br.,ofNovaBeotia.)—Bypilot-boat alwaysintheinterestofOrder,thePnbiieFqaoa'death that byagent.byno meansnecessary Dr. CAa-much here, although you didgetupa Unionterday morning, causingadamageof which is $250,sDgar, &c.Brig Orilla. Rio Janeirobad ascertained by experiments with this substance,Shlpi AntwerpBright, Simoda, for Sydney;contains,according cent, of carbonicauthorities,Tinker, Chara, JacmeLspeedily produce ing la but the instinctivewhich Is nowaover-product^oQ. But McDade, Mary Callahan and James Smith for at-troops,Fab^t-aeeks the ronfidwieaInhaling fresh air at every—volume ofcarb'^nlc acid,aabore on tbe weHther moderates. The wind la blowing heavy fTooiwtdchto standard;and hence Iftame air were relnhaled it would quickly prove fatal.peracid,exactlytheCity of Norfolk, Havana:in Inhabited racsa whasaJksia is aota maslsat lagaasaheavyBea.. ,amount of aboat 28 cable Ineksa par aitamto at aaekof the watching the Justice Kklltiatemt. The Agiicultiual Department is compiled from aof them inaccesaiblo toan eaaat amount, by weight— that is, ahout 3 or SHpouadstaX;twentj-lourXarly yeaterday momiug, Capt. Baaondhas been otr without gotsearch, wben,awaits Ke, we will launch our little vrs- crowded rooms and railroad-cars. Those drops, ifit'drops uponMayor, thePolice havethe Knowl, ontside since the lat of A steamer is alongside—(By telegraph.)Mobile Point.—hours of effet*?, deca}ing animal— recently reported;copiescopies tomth' stance, in the loim of inaenslbte vapor, w.llck are often see condensed In the wlndo<^ ofWxxo, ofpureof in the North River In- $2,100t>oatconstantly accumulatmgleet ofnow, with the exception of one branch of indus- from the central office a message was received from Granada, for Indlaoola withhas once been the lungs longerBy TelearaakiHIGHLANDS, liarcta 21, aonset—Wlad light N.;and of reflecting men of all pa rties, batperformthis office, beingalreadysaturatedare trying the same of with the game panicmakes no appealSaNUY HOOK. March 33. saoaet—Steamship York is tbe first motive of action, and the peace aa^^jimpor- who said " the of an anlA BBOKXB IN TBOUBLX.welfare of the country tbe lastIn its^-J^Stop respirationmal, or confine it to air which has already been re-„SurTB,:., „^EnPORT. March 22,—Passed up schr^ Bella Peek, American Journal Its BcpoBTS of (and carbon accumulates in the vencus blood and mixes with the arterial blood. In naif a mia-Bi.gland for a few days, and I expect to return withii'y confidence in her unai(nlni;»hed. I trust peoplevictory'hat won In New-Hampshlre anddays since, by the plausible representations of an oldSur'DfimGaroDfr. from Charlebton lor Providence.tic,the Times will not be inferior tospired,ute the blood flowing InUHmed Lr>uls Dietz, to sell him 2i gross ofthree-quarterswill have fairly opened, and if we do our pHlpn dutv,16 the aist iuat.opea particle of arterial blood now disappears and thethe arteries is dark- evidentlyequalpromiseheartnever again be excited." Now, If effects are propor- tioned to their causes, and If an atmosphere impreg-community,The price of the Hsw-Yo*Knated will! five per cant.mail, Siz Dollaks a year.THB BEaU.^7EBKI<T TIBCBS—The plause.speechwithap-smallceases Its and can action,theyadminister itwill beandlaua, CDtOf.yijSift"",)''* uiknown waters, and bidding Cod awed,SrJ?'. ""^ dlieotly-for the Pole. It is iinnecessir; of animal rriatter. The breailitn^ of these exhala- tafaiiug largethe Inconversationwiththehandsonboard,themansta- 35Inthe'Secondtions is believed to be quite as efficient inr<-)<uFtMRdtKia&ethe vital and llfe-suDportlng principle of the air, and202 in the Third ;; ;Of the ne* bulU lng«. Ihereaie of brick or stone 466, two storieshighand the air that X^"" •"x^ "'her.. element, of course cin no totiger support life. Andover.buildings:rreseLce. the finest of diai-layacross the wth which the*e Innal'- ubout SOO C4iblc inches of airThis alone, and six uf wood. The number of building'^during the evening with M. MuUer. To commence at 8 o'clock preclBely.us a club ofhetntf or wore u-ilt be entitled la an extra, copy-Itluipurliies, which accumulate iitore aad morA^ttk':iutuaeui; Sssvui DM«a>>.. .,' .. "''''•' "'^lor tbe eonslant andair to rise, by its Incressed warmth and cooaeqaentaislsttdby Ids auditors, occupiedputpofeswere for tbefollowingbranches:22,Txbms or ALLOCS advance.Isscia—Cash invariably ^^^»x^Z "'?.";,'"'»: »Buaaand Oiina with and i^iiiru Watts, the tails, who,curled hair, cotton, gutta hats, paper, fringe, pottery, glasa, agri-numbers forwarded uponshnws ttii'istar ed Insaoii sncce<ded in tracing Mm to hie retidence In the lower part of the City, whence he bad departed on IS^edntiday erening, a<:cuuipai^ed by bit wife and i— following nominations»»__vxmr K«W-TO«^is, Indee.l. torge a tur'"•eer it is wlthoat TsatUaflOB. aM tts oecupledDsstocnt Tot -,Cwd-days after .Bch,—near iindouD'.eJ niilli^ one eachseveral personpersons bui dio« 'nnl'ylopen sea »i'i.t< -j-," law, and preventoriiliig, r..nev Island, with suchtvl<i«-nces that a been itfatle lead, chains—two^eachsu, Cityof Vei»->ork; aald reward tobeoaidon the ce.ilflcHteof the District. an. otheraseveryaway before the veaael aank.not very plaueialeDollars. sending Any personthe wljjdsbut by our impervious eelllngsandlighthimself, conifK $e.1 the rrew of the oystcr-n loop E.factory, maenlnery, oil, boxes, drugs,/^^jt"{sawtion. e( tbewh-> have recently'"ocent, of ihe«»|/i tbat the captain was crushed to;Isassault d'armes that hasabou*. fivelargeyearsmade. Mr. Polhamus, the telegraph operator, dis- patched the news to every Station-house in the City, and each patrolman was ordered to warn all the; ;promotepublicby nrtfac--trouble fur hisand Officermiscellaneous selections of the'varietytheAmericanreader. Price,ThsxxDoujaa<money, ferryboatonup previousday.January.16511,oftlM»aittyol theatolnbtoathe,andtt wwoldaJ«>bo UOmAto deteraalBo to«S.npontkelea,aadsocowaatoitaway. Besides,dor- !iL^*"!15K*"I^''^"»'•"»betooadtetkecx- tojuaUee,beeansethebocleaofhUytetfaaskaraaot strtela,Biiliwith reference to the water nssd at slate that, besides the survey and explora- more than 100 cubic Incfaea per minute. Every gas Sing Sing State Pilson, setting forth that a great "V thioash her setTanta of ellmate and beat, of tion of the Polar Sea and Its adjacent lands, the pro- burner ahould have a ventilating tube to vfrong would be done to the City by conferring the-a>d aleadBrOl anlaila and plants, speaking ia"VaarowB then biTeatigatlans and dtscoTerles. Dr.a sanction and hearty encouragement to the project. Iestimatedto as muchcar- generate>a»1j^j)pw)g|jii" "~*i]gber,aa thedieeonrer of the opao FaUr Saa. tbia (oaation has been diseaaacd and axam-to mankind, but are such as to warrantfoil gasbonic acid gas aa tke respiration of four persons, orthe draft of aninSaturday, March U. at ItH A. H.The Havana mail far the Di Soto will elsaedar, Xarah n. uBfaTeaaeata of Oeeaa Bteaaers.The giaat of tbe United BtateaIke mere his eoaclnslooa have be«i ooaannelon Tues-,willmerelyllli A. M.ireachly atodied, to the shore of that sreat reaarToir tended to mislead the public mind in nlatlon to City would be decreased ten thousand every year.thatofdirecting«be.ameMaaaO>Uf Birean—the Polar Sea. Uaklns the dangeiB of Arctic exploration. These causes Tbe lecture, which occupied about an hourin read- of the Committee which had charge of tlie Atlantic JohnBcU;t kamo in Greenland, he proposes to aTail hlmaelf o'tbe hesitation which was felt In former yearsing, was listened to with saUsfactlon by all greatClreaaalan Psltoa North Briten TentoDia•as ftaraiahed by the aavaace of aaienee, to posh for- many reliable obeervers now that the means of ais stated that the"membeie of the Common Coimcll and thewaa adopted.Tbe Board concurred In directing thataddled to Aretio exploration, ana el impitrredbut now that Ihe trulh has been made known so byWhen the lecture was concluded. Dr. Hax- next lectnre would be delivered onrection of the Clerkand no than theclaim topartiea they repiesenL Aa •portiM'df^satntaat the subjects for InTestigatloo. TbetwrTestMdakBr. KAnBesaeeeaafaiij reaped la sot aU reaped; OMatowerswUlyetfindabundantauterlalsfortnelrApiU ll....New-Tork.^ April It. .New-York^^.-Liverpool.Hamburg, by their sentiments and wishes, theythe cleueisfor'. agaUaaate andmagnetlam, and tidea and correnta, of the.m tmfiiA' i^tkaaTaa,their bandlaa.TheanbiectaJDstlfy;present-d •heoamplete aolntion of tbis great Amerlean ge-eBraphieal pnUem. Kith great onaalBit; the aeien-due aadlea of ear coaatry haTO expraaaed ttaemieWesfcvorable to thia ondertaUng, acd bare labored well known, la It too sanguine a disposition which visits he had made to the houses In this City in Vivagh their members to pneore tbe meana, and to leads me to believe that I shall see again the little which a number of families lived together. He aaldMar. 31. .Portland....strongerconfideaeei{public,"..Liverpool. Mar. 31...^»ew- Vork^. ..travel have been BO fully perfected, and the fscilltleaMonday evening.that tbe Italian residents here, especially, were in the habit of living several families together. In oneof Manchester Mar. 31^^^ New-Terk^. Hamburg. City .Liverpool.health and comfort have become soIn answer to a Dr. Hallisat referred to recent call.Broadway,street from Wbttehall to C^rleara streetsjbe paved Illlnolaare read that mainly tiyfor promotingflag which. In 18S4, 1 planted upon the coast of Grln- nell Land ? ortohopetbat It may even be my for-Canada April i Boaton ..Liveroool. April 7....New-Tork.. Havre.theyoiriniaB ; their statements aie always more at loaito itthencetothe tune canypointofextremenorth-eomparatlvelyNiagara April 18.. BostonLWerpooL verylittleattention,andstillleasInHnenea,"aenntered, wlB be well repaid by a position, each as, to enable the expedition to sail this Spring. The ness and ventilation in tbelr residences. When Dr. A large number of members of the Bar and other CanadaLiverpool..^ Yorkto to- eimply the retained advocate of any poililetf||B axvtditlon, lh» pbjiieal aniterings, if they muat be recommendjtiaiKjiaifiil,mattplaceitseommaaderontherollof greatInterest,"theyproceedtosay,"whichhas Haludathadconcluded,theaudienceEcparated.consentinfi Bh^tnamber ofAmerican in the success of the citizens,B angaroo Jnra NiagaraMar. II Mar. tt.In a philosophical paint of riew, one been manifested by men of science, and by a largeprominentlatter we noticed LIeut.-Gen. Scott. The services—judge, fairlyIndeed,be «wiUuisg to exchange a lire of ease ibr death.• "'''**^1>number 2M8wereoftke mlsshw Abont yawl.kas fiirthayaartr•••MatIfeatoOowtaf Tsefiaalasdleuer written home "boat,tained a verdict for $120 damages aaalost the owner, Its circulation Is*A>**- jaoi CXTT FO«*>aVFICnB.•rsle aaJ flaaadaa Jt F.M !Sg~^yyy2 »—asqnite Isigeas"'"^ onlySS^/fkilled Id aclloB, and l,7fil died oi lessthanl6 2Ml died ofdlaease at7 oVloek P.M. they tbe beach on Ihe south tide oftf ibe dtf ofIt la engendered by crowding and waul, either In hospitals, prisons, or on board of veaaela.a tiller. Owing to the seats being covered witb snow, it was not apparent whether there were anyAt the meetiog of the Board of Comicilmen lastaMfHlilT diMOTurlea bar* inT««t«a the racion of body, by tbe American Association for the Advance- curring again to the condition of our buildlnga here, evening, a petitton was preseated by F. E. g^„*wdiTisions andmarked "Orerlaad, «4 Bt. preservation of pnblic liber^, and to&aj(|h*<W*^ba^biflliaat achlaT«B«»la of Dr. Kiun and bis re-Mattk** "Soaad wMh cveoial latetMt, eamMnuic the ment of Science, by the American Phllosoptiical So- the lecturer aaldLetters da-partycondiut of tbeBnt wlule it does not qaancl wiik ptttj o^gMM**In our schoolrooms tbe matter la while ia our railroad cars we have actu- "^atloa'aad deralopment. Ibe laaerlooa ences, by the Philadelphia Academy of Natural Sci- ally lesa breathing room than the wretched prisooeraMather, Esq., who asked that unless the Worth MoiniBtea«of beingThe Croton Board presented ahas its representatiyss andel si^;-Tin»• andcovers a field in which the carry off theaolntlanof important questions of magnetism and convey them entirely out of the room, as strong term a sgalnst the propoeed dlvermoa of thenected with the party organizatiaposed Une of explorationproducts—representing their principles, iof natural history can certainly be Is the case In the Houses of Parliament, and many meteurologyland of other and In Inwater, without allowing the City a voice In the mat- ter, and insists that If thlB Is consummated It willtion of their i eniis, echoing theirSana, who was KAra'i ceatpaaioB and meoloai offiserlatt expedition, propoaea acaln to repair to effected. Indeed, there Is no department science public private buildings England.FurVanderbUt Mar. 2t. .New-York^ Havre. news and speeches, with commaiM|B-lk| to which valuable results will not be c<Httrlboted. I conclusion, he stated his belief, that by due attention ntfvi SotuMj- and to pa«k his way br a roa te funiUardialliii and' wftb applMaees the oae of which be has am fully aware of the peculiar causes which have to sewerage and ventilation, the mortality ol this '"the.—with the most unblushing treason, and unnumberedIvilfcftabuse of themselves and theirpartyIntermixedwith one ingtoMr.Ct:BicK. Fourotherhorseswererescued.The total loEs is $300, upon which there is no Insur- ance. The fire Is believed to have been caused by aultraists, in either to their section, promote aWDvie'ws and objects at the expense of *",! justicethreataofdissolution. didnot to They delgabut let evenis take their course.to utter their treaaon, confident that publicKould them to bringsparkflue.Ninth-avenue, occasioned a fire about 3 -o'cjock yes-have now altmkobject of all thia waa well understood In Congressterest, in everyand the general prosperity of the cosmmd^. Ba- inflnence will be uniformly conservative, wnaot neglecting any just and safe means of aodd erwhen have It. money they;uponpeople,pattodaf dora-while do the teat of war,Wh. I. Wood;Tien.^ IStfa off^Hw*BB»•!••"' pealenceofthreeeaatmias,tkeobstaclespresented neaa,manyofwhom,nodoabt,afiorwardsdied. To the boat on Wednesday momtag between .^^^,1^frism»7nefai-seuehoi8lrJomiFaurx-byIheice,t»iecold,andthescurvy,arereadilyeveryonetakentotbehospitalsoaaccountof5and8o'clock,andconveriedwithhim WabrikstoLrmT-STABLBKnrsBB.—Amanyearofitspublication.Butitha* ttoM ley nflou, Md auka an aftirt to overcome. Whale ships vWt these seas anaaaity, wounds, twelve were taken there on account of with reference to tbelaafety of the boat if a who hired a vicloas korse from a llrery-slable keeper, one of tbe most vridely knownabaaAy|r.e^.n.cwh« «. — man went to the army,.lnaClab.Vhlle Dr. HATxa baa the indorsement of men of acl- will be contributed in time for the organization of SPIICBIS BT SniATOB WILSOI^ OF HAESACBUTITTS, TiA. Dr. Viuiii.TaA spoke at considerable leugth of Prince Albert Mar. 81 Aalway New-York public good, and condemning and„ t the Polar cirele, to oeenpy a place In men'a mem-Rev. Drs. Ds Wiit and Vxaiui,-.New-York Mar. M.^.^Llverpioh., .Beaton> beside that of EUFHA Kmexpedition, leads to the hope that the necessary fundswere conductedthe life of the deceased, and of his vlrtaes as a man, a lawyer and a Christian. The funeral rites at theresl'-'ence of the dect^ased were performed by Rev. Dr. Vi.NTOH and Rev, Joan Cotton Shits, according to the forms of the Epiacopal Church. The 'ollowingin any of them may tend to the promodan tf fta-Mlalaiilfil ocofirmation of this theory was obtained ky the Itaaaiaas, who, under HssxasTaoH, In 1810-11,made particular allusion to Dr. Haiss.It was subsequently annoimced by the ChairmanCapt. Aba F. Mxixxa, of Company H, was presentedwith a gold medal, bearing the following Inscription "Piaarro. Smrges, Mobile. Laytln A HarlbutKasm.aaee throngboat the conntry, and will recelre oontri- the small party which will be. sufficient to solve the fca Ileus In aroportlon to the m«ans of the intelligent and problem wnlch has for so long a Ume occupied theOF IKDIABA, XX-SXKATOB TBCMAH SMITH, ITC.A regular meeting of this Club was held atPeralaDe Soto KamakveaUhy 01 other cities, It seems p^rtlcalarly appropri-a*ia«t NeW'Tork, which hasao completely IdenUfledItaelf with the fame and sncccas cf prerions AmericanAntic BxpedltioDS, should alto lead In this one, and toat utation. The means for accomplishing success are (be ABBTiean Oeonaphical Society ihonld be the organMar. 27 .New-Yorkattention of geographers throughout the civilized world. There can be no question that Us solution, by an American expedltiOD, will add to our national rep-ef the knowledge- l.Ting and liberal citiiena of the great appealemporinm of commerce of America be ancceaafol in fur- the love of science, and the patriotism of our citizens,a^aalng to this new enterttriae every faeility which canr.ot be disregarded. The Committee have, there-aaaney can t^ie. The name ef one great merchant la fore, prepared a paper to l>e signed by those who maykHMrtaliiedby Ita eonnectloo wl-b the former expedl- t>e disposed to become tbe patrons of the expedition, at the next meeting a plan of operations for tbe com- Chapil foe Gback Cbt;bch. The building of tlOaa. Hay there be maoy who will atep forward to pro- wblch will be circulated at once, and to which theFinke, M. Delrcha. A. Banslaad.In bark George 8. HuM. from Matamat-~J. H. Btll-man, Thoa. McNab, L, L, Morriaoa.HmAmai AuiAaAO—cms sat.and all —gerating facts for the benefit or themotetbia-tobeitsGaniRXXLB.Tery rcaoectfclly youra, A. D. BACHE.Committeewouldasktheingcampaign,andinviting othercampaignclub* throughout the conntry to correspond with, and send,| —Vs. PunsiBfr LuiiiB aits GxHTLuns' HIMt nore than four years since Dr. Kaiti returned and Prof. LuBxa. It wasirBW-TOBK....THrKSDAT,Mank 21.Oleairo*.Steamship Boanoke, Couch, Noifolk, Ladlam fe Heine-iaolelyinthe inti:adopted imanlmoasly, 4MtB the Nortkt reporting the dlscovsryof an open alterwards subscriptions of fl.OOO each were an- rtdax sea. Physicists had long before been generally nounced as having been received from Professors asned that such a sea probably existed, and the Hxirar and Bachs, and liberal contributions from Mo-aarikam coast of Europe, Asia and America hating Bxs II. Gainnxu. and others."keen detcrspined with cozisiderable accuracy, it was Dr. A. U. SrivsNs, who was tke lastmeetingand who would now favor them with a speech.Club,any^y^.feel ainBandyHook, e 1«Got. Island.90S| HeUeato....U) 31—earnest attention of all who the advancement of our nationalin Fourteenth-street, nearly opposite the Academy ofniGB WATXa—THXS SAT.issue,still less indifference J—' aMaaed that the great body of water which thsy In- a moral irom the courage exhibited men of our WiLson entered the room. He was welcomed wl:h Pbesxhtaiiok. At the drill of theNephew k Co.byaarted was mainly free from land ; and hence, being own day in undertaking enterprises for the benefit of ftee from all eaatara of Ice accumulation, must be the race to which no historical record of physical en-Seventy- first Regiment last Tuesday, at the new Arsenal,Barks Msgdalena. Day, ABpinwall, Panama Railroad Co.; Liberty, Shaw. Marteillea. Draper A Devlin.it will deal invigori arguiMkjspeaker,;and again, under Airjon and UaAnoiL. in 1820-24,^aoorered an extensiTe op«n area, or polynia^te the northward of the New-Slberlan Islands. Saephplucrpaolses of the expedition.It was left to our countryman. Dr. Kasx, Mr. FxAirxjfoxi oSered a resolution to the effect said that a perfect avalanche of infernal devils had neat apeech, to wbich the Captain responded. to bilng from an oMMlte meridian more con-«iadvi proof, and lui'' researches assume the.J wFaiaakyimi attawlfim to the inpott the wall, exhibiting the Arctic _ dnumpolar projection. By an exam- •f.tke'latitade, you will perceive that the Aralie Ocean has a mean diameter of about 2,500 XnllA miles ; ,aii4, rudely estimatea, an area of Ji,0^00OoftqaUamiles. Thelan^Investingthis •ztenetve hadn form the southern margin of a great lee- belt, which Is continuous across the varlonschan- aclB connectiag the Arctic with the Atlantic and Pa-Republicans there, to be sure, had become somewhat alarmed, but only just enough to make them go to work. The Democrats were using every meana to carry the State, and were trying to get up all sorts ofing, that they could bring a stream of water to bear : the fire communicated to the wood work of a mag-Bark Coaaaek. (af Boatrm.) Gray, Whampoa Dec. 2t.raaaed Macao uth, Java Head Jan. M. Cape of QoodHope Feb. 3. and croaacd the eqna-xir in the AtlanticMarch 1, in lon.JS. with ailka, matting, Ac, to Gary A to excite the fears, wound the pride, and alastltute last evening.cifte Oeeanaltnos SHrrouading the region adjacent to tion as Influencing Health andsabjectVentila- He com- necessarygale,daringwhichthat Bl. Dx LaRoquxt, the Vice-President of tne Geo- Society of Paris, had donated 500 francs forJoaea Aof Company H, Seventy-first RegiiBent. American Scboonars s. B. Crowell, Low. Jamaica, H. Under- the sectioDal agitation which distorbe tfattr'^that the Committee appointed to confer with Dr.lately poured In upon the heads of the people of Ck>n-Run Otxb asd Killxd.—JohnBaxxHAjr, re-Mataniaa.; :Willia Patnam. Atkiu, Galvetton, A.Haiks be authorized to receive subscriptions to pro-;D. J. Bower, Johnaon, Richmond. J. C.theCoBstitution, respectfor theJndieialailiiaAba-course of lectures on"SanitaryScience," at Coopereatimates thefurniture, byThe hotel was and malntopmast stajsAll.His menced by saying that air was thein Older to do vilified some of the purest states- it,from N. W^Bark Alexander Robbms. Boaton 3the pole with a fTozeo annmus. Dr. RAaz, whose4rst voyage as snrgaoa of the expedliion under LieutDb Havxk, In 1B50, bad given to him some Importantlafmaatioo upon the cunents and Ice movements of than we could minutes without air. The of the public. He went on to VVashlngtoo, andwho were thrown intoA. B. Howe. Wda., ill l„ad(orRiverPlatte.ballaat,and the principles on which it restsof lifethat we could live more days without foodpurpose there he found the same condition of ejewas Longevity.^ primeter,tS,0C0$8,000. Companies.inflaeoce,Bepnblican..called on to but speak,having temporarily left the;;Walsh. Carver A Chaae PrlnceaasO bir andCeotralCampaignLiverpool. .Liverpool..Clinton Hall last evening—the President, Siinait gentlemen acted as pall-beare-s: Chas. O'Cosoa,FasaenKoia Arrtred.so simple, and the end to be attained so full of valu-•rthr oonntry la bidding it God-speed. May the effarta able results, that we feel assured tbat an to DxAPiR, Esq., in the Chair. About one hnndred Dakiei. Loan, His.u< Kitcbch, Ex-Judge RooesvaiT, In brig Port- au-Platt, firm Port-au-PlMtt—Ueun. T. erything of public interest concdKigmembers were In attendance. A resolutioh^was adopted requiring the Executive Committee to reportEx Judge PxABODT, JostPB Blukt and R. II MoCosst. The remains were deposited in the family vault at Greenwood. —bnt rendering equal and exact:justicejust pride character."lefsraDces to an enormous map of the had oeenput, remarks highly laudatory of the enter- duced Hon. CuAs. Casi, Member of Congress from ture. The edifice and lot will together cost almost > Hemiaphere, said in substance as follows : prise which It favored, and of the men who had origi-It is now a nated It, were made by Mr. Tisu, Prof. Mrrcmix Indiana, who, he said, happening to be in the City, (100,000. In neatness of design and architecturalSajniL W. Fiazi, Stq., Bee. Am. Geo. k Stat. Soc.Ibut while it wfl 9r. HAxai was then Introduced, and, aided by topo- Before the question as to the adoption of the report delegates to this Club. The President then intro- when completed, will form quite an Imposing strac- MARINE INTELLIGENCE. connected with public afiiairs, tand had been Invited to attend the of theHe expounded at length the principles of the Re-drew publican Party, and while he was speaking. Senator there.and for the fohlpa Excelaior, Swift,J Liverpool, J. ThJo.sowpislomno'at of the whole country,great applause.Tltntj open, atjeast daring the Summer. The first durance and lofty alms could furnish a parallel. He When Mr. Casi had concluded, Mr. Wiuoic was comer of Seventh- avenue and Thirty- fifth-street, Brigs Lavacea. Parker, Mobile, Noreroaa A Princeent,in the languageand will strive torather than to increase <away under the witheringin-departmentpeople tbeywillsucceed. ThepeopleofCotmectlcutwillwich and Riof, and corner of Clarkson and Hadaoa snowingrebuke this to their lust for appealWmd moderate, N. N. E.;carrycampaign amongAattley Field, Eraslua C. Benedict, Wm. M. Everts,The A CLOBay.tlie PrecUct Felice, received Information that ahaving In hisamount ofted that be had been employed ou the sloop U';/t. TiU iM lu the FKUisaa-failngman,pocteaslouahad cometo theThe Is foUonioga Staten Island.featoea. It will also continue to furnish ito vahjaWe in-erected lor manufacturing purpoaea la 67, of which 56 mirmte, we of couree deprive that quantit)' of air of atory ap) eara to have been creillted. and the rasn, are brick or stone. The for manufacturingbuildings,and tnereply, allowed themthe public good.TheTiioswill iliscuss all topicsofgeneialia'a bag, coo-1860. K'lnn M.li'WAKli.-IN POksUAVCl! Of A open vf these pott^ocouij f zfaalations by causiag the expired ing the contents of his money-bag while the copper, carriage, gas. fitting, gas-purifying, paint, «ip*' v\/resolutloB of tbe Common Courcll, approvedh;i8 providedconip'cteremovalpioc«>eOed to tbe City.- This man above our heads ana bevond t^.e reach bellevrd to be the murderer ol Capt.by me this day, 1,City of New-York, deterebyoffer a reward of flvehuu- drrd dollari for the or furwalls ne obstruct the operation of this beoeteent Johnson, wblrh was toirnd aban-'oned on Wedneslay porce lain,crattempta to set firs to lootjthese exhalatioo'i from poisonousescaiiifi". lli"uc« the air of a close room, though oc-cupied Ijut by a single-person, becomes, from the very we find the Art- litft moment nf orcnpancy, impregnated with fibassto those';"><.:<' il is crowded. It trculd cntMij b« WKUs t*""^"iPj^'^S^'S'^rOO^Maycr.^,.iMBAtato tke wataraMw laliiil sladEx-Senator Tscman Smith was askedtain the audience, which he did with perfect aucccss.He spoke of the pending i^nteat in Connectlcnt, and Guard." Lieut. Fatks presented the medal with a woodjnats by inflammatoryroom,toenter-: Presented to Cant. Aba F. Milixx by the membersfaherman, Naasaa,;of a great diacoTeiy. I have on a pre- mote the objects of the expedition, and to be em- nectlcut In the shape of Democratic politlciaas. aiding at No. 281 First-avenne, waa knocked.down Bowes41|ni^ "fioos occatloit dwelt minutely upon the results of powered to add to their number. There was the dltUnguijhed" Firhakdo Woon, in Avenue A, near Twenty-third street, by stage No. Bnlgiave (Br..) Konkey, Halifax, H.G. Donovan; I'an- of the nation, and a strict (KKnpUance with oltdi—naiuipaa, Aekley, Layaoea, McCready, Hstt A Co.; Em-fte leeond Grlnnell expedition, and I will not now The Chairman stated that Gsoxoz Stiphixboh, one who had been giving an oration just half 994, of FixcB & Whitz's Avenue A line, oa Wedaes- ily, Smith. Wilmington. D^ C. Murray ties and obligations which devolve tha- citi-; H.Chase,Try- npcDdetaiB yon with a discussion of their importance. of Dr. Kaks's companions In his Arctic expedition, way between Sing Sing and Weatherafield— jBomlxg, and so severely injured that no soco died. on, Hartford, master ; J. S. Snow, Conary, Boaton, a. zens of a common conntry. Upon the aolgilct sfMy derign is to bring more Dromlnently to your notice and who has recently arrived here from Ireland, wasthaa 1 hare done hitherto, the plans and purposes of present, and entirely willing to undertake the tiard- a fact which he could not poaafbly ae- fie expeditioa which I propose to conduct to the field shipe of a second Polar voyage. coimt for, iaaamnch as his proper T"''lrTirp ttvrr" «fexplaiationwhichDr.Kaaxwasthe firsttoenter, ProfessorMitcbxlmadeasecondappealforfunds, ateacbendofthalintfi, andwere,ao peciniarly ^t- trt^ tka view of eontlnulni; the researches which he and expressed his readiness to contribute to the ex- nated that they could not (O and hear. him. [GreatPaisjck HcKinu, the driver of tkeFlras.I> TEX BT. DXiriS HOm.w. Lewis A Co.BteamshipTwktowa. Parrlski-Morfolk, Ac, with fromitsgo adnbakly began-r-to add to hts obserratlons upon tent of his nsaas.laughter aid applanse.] Mr. Saira coatlnued toA fire breke out in a bed-room in the fifthof tbe St. Denis Hotel, corner of Broadway and. Eleventh street, about t o'clock last evening, and al- though the firemen were soon present. It was withKeisebse, Baod, PkUaddfUa, via atdw. prominently befim the a kicai instlt\|liaB, tke <'amuis his hearers nntU the reappearance of sachofetls Senator, when he took his seat, and theBtsaaat^ tsP.-Bt<JSOjAIISB.>tk-snnoimeeiD^ttat tyes isaffs that ikePolar Sea, to complete the survey of thr jm »a< •nni^ «« eiinm XnA.o? jn«inapUekankaaegaacaX'AflCT thesnbs |if]W^.-ii«pers woslSe-pltbed oa the table for the DOrpdas of cKnd&^| a dfaeet oppettmOty for con- trOiattaf to fke objects of Ike laeaHaa, aa adjoora- mqst atas aovod aad eazrled nirsnlawnsfjTentllatlon as Inflneacing Hesdtk and Iiongeritr*LXCTtniX BT MB. I. T. BOBBINS.Mr. E. Y. RoBBurs delivered the second of histbe Maa-storyPresident Introduced Mr. Wilsos, who was greeted with vociferous applause.againHe said that he bad no misgivings about the resultof the approaching election in Connecticut. The difficulty, owing to the immense height of the build- Isaac Odell.fhe coaamunitieB in which itwill resist every attempt, and will dencHmceJ;skeold he ta a at iha af BaiBb aad Taret beeaptared,eaanatSatcotaM lac psisl aasaarhave penetrated the BaflJn Bay Ice,has been abundantly proven to be no obstacle to sus- The dlfease may Indeed be called forth and blood marka or not. Tne officers started to tnlag her M, 21, 25, 27, 29, SO, 31, S4, Si,l«, 87, 1, 7, 38, 39, 40, 8, in reputation for enterprise, c:of its class in tbeofremonstrance,of combnatlon, and water privileges aougbt for. Tbe Board in protestsiineas ? [Loud applause.]MrmtneaUlta facta. The hardsblpa and rlakaof anch Havxb, presented a funanlmous report, In which they God has taken them away to heaven." This terri- this eminent lawyer took place yeaterday afternoon, City of Maneheater.Mar. 7 H^mbarg. ..SNew-. York function than this.mmm%^ vf gcneiai pbyaies. are by no means exhaoated, ^Mif anyone of them is worthy or an expedition to de-—Mar. lo.^. Liverpool... ..>e»-YoTkpartisaoa. JouBSALini a"that active exertions be made at once ble Infant mortality was caused by want of cleanli- rom the Reformed Dutch Church In Lafayette-plaoe, k'na..ktftnrprove only ments.opening wedge for further encroaoh-.LiverpooL and —anlyHA resolatloniact,the newspaper Press. journalswith a ladder that a fireman wasA Co.-ence and ofpowerin the Councils of tbeentirely consumed, togetherhorse, belong-and maintainthe honor of their anceatry. 1 am going to New- Wm. 8. Green alleges that he was induced a few weather clonny and baiy.that we shall win a in Connecticutgain,out. at anchor at S. W.BOSl O.VMarch i2-Arr. brigs Fred. Wording, Rowe,to par should be deliv- ered ;>l Ihe store of McBride Urothers, .\u. 116 Waah- Claimed to be the citn Party have got possession of the reins of Govern- agent- After the delivery of tbe bottles, Mr. Green ment, I have aufficlent confidence iu their patriotism called fcr his money, but was informed by Mr. McBrlde that Dietz was not connected with the firm, and that Le had already been paid $50 on accxiuut ofwillin tbe Interest of the country, and of the wholewasAn Executive Committee of thirty was elected tof loops cometo do, the cam-upon properlywhen the victory will be ioevttatite. And wh»n the Republi- li.gtcn. street, of which firm hegentlemanbottles, valued at $162 50,;tke report for the nee and benefit of tbeAtla5,000 copiesCable celebration be printed and bound, under the di-Mar. ».... New-York.. Liverpo]L Mar. n.^^^Ncw-York^. .Olaarow. Mar. »... New-York.. Oaleay. Mar. 81....New-Tork.. .Havre.jplpe.IK A TKKXMXNT-BOtlSX.By pilot-of and pnblic action,Mtofrightenuaabouttrade. TbeSouthwasn'tgoing some.oftheoccupantsnarrowlyescapedsuffocation. Schr.Gatelle,fromCardenaa.—(Bypllot-boatMary politicalProgress. Whileit willreportprooiltl;^to buy any more goods of us,—they wereTajlor.No.fc)and all of accurately intelligence generalInto manufactures at once. Why, you might as well at-intoaat ft wiQ never pander to vicious tastes, and will axchtda from its columns everything that might readar ittemptJohnBnsderland, for Haae, for Hoiur Kong.:Reindeer, for Bar.;they can buy the cheapeat, and aell where they can bead. quarters, mat an attempt to pass $2 counterfeit bados: Vlrgtoia, do. Briga Macb^aa, Noavltas ; lea unsafe or improper for general Familt peraaaL Itas It is tbis and the reason Spring,wilt seek tothe claims ^ Eoitcatiob, Mokalitt and BmUr-foris that the Sourh has more money than they ever had before, and they are just the men to spend theirPigeos, ; P.M.thetbe masses ofTheNew-Eogland was never better thaa it le twenty mlnutesafter the information was telegraphed The ateamahlpa Aaatralaala, for Liverpool, and the diacussicms it will endeavor constantly to be goitedEarly yesterday morning, Henry Gardner, a sailor, boarding at No. 33b Pearl- street, was decoyed Into aN. Vi ., with aTbe schr. Sabine, Day, hence the 10th inat. for New. Fiiday,hts^m, Cuitla Noyes. John Cidlinr, etc.Tbe meellnia of the Ch\^ will hereafter be held In dark alley In RooseveU street by one John Kedy, Iwrn.N. C, la ashore on Cedar Isl-nd, Va. She lies in telligence given in the daily paper, a Utanfy De-ItROOKLYH IMPBOVXMENTS.address,a synopsis of their \A hole number of buildlaas erected isTheKi.l,of «i,Uh 51 aic in the Fli St Police PrecinctPB.0FES80K,MriABK, OP FENCING,as the hoLorof to his fric361 in the Sixth107 in f'e Eighth, and 217 in the Nin'-h.a ment which has become highly popular.;DAYhe will be assisted by hisbroadsword, single stick and quarter Bt»ff, Hethe Farmer and Gardener,direction of the all of tnedamage.Uarch U.—The icbr. Orln Cowl, hence for\euto oneTHE WEEKLYevery Saturday morning, embraeeaa507 In the Fourth 46 in the Seventh;death at the inomest of the disaster, while he himself barely escaped Ul'i of thiee Etoriea, and three of four stories ever Ukenplsce in the Daited States. H. Saliima:, dress, FiTi; Dollarsand lOth avs,, inpursuit ihe lndivid<:ai iu q'ie->tioD, and PoLiTiCAi., The Americana have made the had, that the claimants are entitlrd o »al'l,re»«rdbloody tragedy had recentlyexacted on boarJ ol her. W'nb this clue.Capt. VVsxo and carpenter shops— each fourcooperofbat to .he May"r i^lthln twentyAU letters to be addressed to the TiMxe," New-Tork City.Untitled DocumentIron, three distillers,four.theof its circulation, fully equal;;ForCollectorofTaxesand aUcUImsnotpresen'ed;;^VLakys^OtStLo*,*l*aaTSB't.•«**«••>»»"»«" laspoDsibleA lighter has;.^ itMar. 10.citizenswereIn CityofWaahingfn.Mar.U...LiverpIK^I New-York itclaimstherighttoby.attendance. Ameng the Arabia.and New-York ately,allparties, approvingandaifintban but that waa their trade. They had done ing the building probably to the extent of $2,900. The Co. Feb. 1, latCaSl3c3u0ttSa..foIron. 28 41 X., Fsrpokme tBhre. Cabslep resentments of those States which maypanicsnothingWhen be was lastington, a set of Union savers had just issued an ad-extinguished, injur-wa- $5,000 each in tbe Excelsior. East River, Everett, Rutgers,for tke last three months but up paidcs. gethouse is owned fully Insured.Mr. Jakss who has it Rairwicx,Affiban^rom LiverpooLof Good haa had a continuation of light winds, Hopewith a tetai fkilore of trades in the Sontk Atlantic. Waa boarded on the21atoff Woodlanda by a nilat from boMin thisCityonhis way to Wash-posedinto regions now free from itadress 10 which they tried to frighten the and people,hotel,damageto hiaIt is insured forNo. 1. M. H. Grinnell.Same a day experiencedto men of the Republican Party. But their base at- and Relief Insurancetempt bad met the scorn it deserved, and the authorstoBark George S. Hunt, (of Portland.) Woodbury. Mv States, and to exact for it an undue efaaie of aof it had slunk and now hide their away,guests,greatdisgraceful countenances from Vofi contemptuous gase ofnificent dome before it coald beat fromheavy aplit foretopaaii, apankerto i A&ica, to impoae tta IvwsbyMr. P. Diam, the proprietor of theorBut it will also oppose every endeavor to icrowded withconfusion by the occurrence. One of the proprietors,while arunning up flight stairs,erdeen, Cardenaa Schia. WildGrace Santa Crnt Worthingtoa,San Franciscowel&relrt. tttaiasitaatliefsUF.M — !BaSa*tSte"rSBoa5st«e»a.ih,b»yKaBntsrasmabdsa.t...«»A.M.a«il4 P. It agement of public afbirs, for all expeiinee'iifhs Orerlaal Man tar OaUlBcala Isayss St. LouK that in everj-Ccnntitatioiiil 0«tanimMtt~_tyery Kead^ sad at * A. M. ThorsBay,eoatenUons ara A* aasaatWtaIt abeaU beCity of Baltlmors^.Mar. M.... New York..North Amerlean. ..Mar, It.. PocJand... .Llverp'ioU Uifentt,thingfrom Seventeenth to Forty-second streeta. and Suath- CltyotWaahingt'n kprll J... New-Tork^^ ..Liverpool public who concnr with them inwith Belgian pavement, and adjourned to Mosoay.ArabiaBavariaAdriatic AprilM.New-York.. .Havre.Perala April FuirxRAL OF GxosGX Wood. The funeral of raoM auaora,—New-York^^.LiverpooL the immediate circle of their ownBaxonia, Mar. 1The TIMES asserts for Instead ofLtverooolMar. 11.. LiverpooL. New York..Mar. Sl.^^.LivarpooL^. New- York roa TBS wasT nmiaa.a Chapel for Grace Church has just been commenced Snnriaea.^.. 6 69 Snnaata.... 8 Itj Moon sets.... 7 is It does not profess neatrality ngMusic. Although designated a Chapel, the building,:finish the building promises to excel any sloatlar structure in the City. In It will be held the Sabbath School and Bible Classes attaehed to tbe Church. During the Summer vacation, when Grace Churco on Broadway Is closed, there will be stated preachingIkeSnt.eamer Boaton,litical Party,—butMar. 30.NewH. k N. 0. -York.. Havana,Its first great aim is to become a NEWSF.^£B,—reporting promoUy and USf^-Croeker, Philadelphia. Cambrian, (Br, Boaacll, Glasgow,Justice, tone will be firm,pro; Advance. (Nor ,) Telleraon, London, Holmboe A Hoadley Georgia,persna allay, byBoyal, ,Berinada, Smith.Co.mdae. andl assaiigsi s to Tiid^alA Bsinssen discussioB whsDVtar ft,,S. A. Taylor, Dakea, Plymoath,Ocean Meal, Henderson, WOminirton, E. S. PoweU : Kate, Sxidmire,and threatens the welfare of the FedeiriIt will insist always npon a laltliftil adlMUBHUB to-;Wave, Conover, City Point, vaaBrant A Slaeht;Slaght;aad passengers to Barstow'A PeiM.Steamer Osprey, Kenney, Proridenee, wltksDbject to ttt eletusire sopervislon and <cannot see auy distance off shore. town,fromNorfolk,southoftneHook.Oneship,bouad:.......ttoston.„ DouKiaas, O'Brien. St. Martm'B,31—The Mount screw-eteamahlpin collision, one of which sunk In a abort time afterwards.arr. at tbe schr.thev will oonin.e£Ce operations as ioon aa theDefiance,,F. Perkina. andboara) arrivedmercial and GeneralLegal and Criminal Trials, and ofr^daOy ttfSWftflfmfast Bmnber wa« faaaad en1861,—so that it has only just completad tWJdailyCitynewspspereotiatry^areiafloeatial already. Every party and *Twf4organsbeing conducted andas agents for the accomplishment ofposes. They, have, therefore, no Imovementd pnblic men, neither distortiag nor'and with whatever ability it cando tbis, not in the interest, for theder the control of any public man, or ofSlatibt, wUle it will never seek ocearfM far AirlTsd. thrusting it upon pnblic atteniloii,it.stoand melado to J. W. DelanoTxAB two oneaddress,ofproposition, to wage war upon it^obligedtopermit its continued 4the Slave-trade withexists. Tlia"TBiItBH:I ^BflSflmmtwww.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 