 0NEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, JIWE 8, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.it W*rren cootty, N. J., of poisoning his wife, was The several cliques wffl cento forward w i *•copsonSunday,thatIstottruemethod,aadNEW YORKJffiRALD. brought op before the Chancellor at Trenton yes- terday, on aa application for a writ of error to car-sniox A-VDraornuxroa.trrxm *. w. coavsa or *AMAB AW> »WCSI ere.nomination for Governor of Maine at the State Con- others, wiU be Ignored and forgotten hi the crimes and misdemeanors, and accidents or in-V•!•«• XIV So.159 ventionheldyesterdayatBangor. generalgreed forplace andspott. National cidentsbyfieldorflood,andlookforamoment yachtsmentoesprit. Thedubshould Infuse evencurrentofaffairs. ButthereIsintheirr*TheMichiganRepublicanConventionconvened sentimentto-daylivesonlyIntoeheartsofthe newlifeIntoItsaffairs,byarrangingImportant pressibleconflictandlatoeintenseexcitemett AXUUIIRITWOSBTMIJIO. yesterdayatDetroit,andnominated.AustinBlairas atsomethingwhichcombinestoerealandthe opensearaces.lawhichthequalitiesoftoeprovokedbythesetwotroublesomeentitiesry H up to the Court of Errors and Appeals (or thepurpose of obtaining a new trial. No decision was triumph In the toeal elections of this or thatrendered.shillings a day, when by going to California he The Board of Aldermen did not meet last even is to be placed in any of them. The voting is morally certain of earning fire dollars, per-fine things to see they are, too. Thus themakes a total of 140 licenses granted since theBeard commenced action this year, at the twenty- onemeetingswhichhavebeenalreadyheld.Therederandconfusion,andnoneoftheambitiousthing, after all, is to find the remedy, which death struggle with panther or grizzly, can only be had In some action by which thepresent is 7,297, a decrease of nine since the last meeting.The Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masonsheld their third session in the Apolle Rooms yes-degree in the wrong, and all unite no one visits England without going to Lou in forgetting that compromise is the don, or Italy without seeing Rome. In Paris,only element of political associationamong free men and peers. The conven-to demonstrate to the people how little reliancements on Sunday—their right to purchase atheir respective candidates and platform pro- fessions, and these will be oombined end mo- delled with the sole view of securing a partyIt is pleasant toturn asidefor a momentfrom the contemplation, however philosophical, o f the intrigues of the politicians, the vulgar squabbles for the spoils of office, the selfishveloped and extended, aad some of aa willlive to see New York bayfilledwith splendidyachts of the first class, aad manned by a estofbrownskinnedtorswhomightproperlybe Whattoe"eternalnigger"IstotheDsitedState or section of States. The great nationalIsrael Washburn, Jr., received the republican interests, which underlie and support all the conflict for the almighty dollar, too record ofcalled the Zouaves of the forecastle. States, the "sick men at Constantinople"fa to The only thing needed among American Europe; they both trouble fromtimetotimetoehaps much more, in a day, if he will but workdaynext destructivemaniaoftheblackrepublicanforitItishardwork,ofcourse—hardastakingtheplaceofthelumberingNoah'sark-ties,totheobservanceofSundaytocontrarytonoagreementpossiblebetweentheconsultingiog, the special call having been altered for Mon- masses desire sincerely to meet the presentThe Police Commissioners at their meeting yes- fanatics on the plain and open issue whether building railways or digging canals; but looking things which used to take a whole terday transacted bnt trifling business. Inspector tiie North shall be marshalled in a fierce war there is much of romance and excitement in year for a China voyage, came legitimatelythe letter and spirit of the State constitution.But the Tribune surrenders toe religiousground as untenable, and says that "apartfromthereligious character ascribed toSun-day, there exist abundant reasons for prohibit-physicians; and finally the quarrel between them becomes so serious that they quite forget the august presence of their patientFor the third act of the drama to of course reserved the grand coup ds theatre. Tele- graphs and official newspapers begin to talk of a European Congress to settle the eternal question of the persecution of toe Oriental Christians and the possession of the key of the Holy Sepulchre. But, before the expe- diency of a Congress is settled, rumors fly about that Russia is arming; that a Russian corps d'observation is moving towards the Pruth, aad that another corps is concentrated near Erzeroum. A t last all Europe Is stirred up. Austriasendsacorpsd'armtetoitseast-Polk, of Brooklyn, communicated to the Board a detailed account of the duty performed by him at the late encounter with the prizefighters,whichof aggressicn upon a social and vital institu- the life of the gold hunter to relieve its dan-from the yacht; the sea steamers, paddle and screw, are similarly modelled, and the smaller class of government vessels are all constructedtion in the fifteen slave States or n o tgers and lighten up its toil.With all the faults and the follies, and some-But they see very clearly that thesethat the summer uniform of the force should con- selfish quarrels among their political times crimes (generally done in hot blood,was placed on file. It was resolved by the Boardhowever), of the new settlements on the Pa- hat H. B. Sing, a patrolman of the Tenth precinct, true issue from being submitted to the po- cific, there is something generous, noble, boldon yacht lines. This shows the utility of ing the Sunday sale of liquor,'' among whichsist of a blue coat, drill pants and vest, and Panama leaders and managers will prevent theyachting in one, and a most important point Again, the journals have lately alluded in very strong terms to the degradation of our mercantile marine. Jack goes down instead of up in the social scale. There are a varietyare, that it is "a general day of leisure, and the liquor shops present temptations on that day stronger than on any other." This, however, to only getting rid of the consti- tutional objection on religious grounds by a side wind; for it is no- matter what the motive of the law may be, If in its effects it infringes upon any right guaranteed to the meanest citi- zen by the constitution it is null and void; andwaa fined thirty days' pay for intoxication, after which they adjourned.The Commissioners of Excise held their twenty- firstsession yesterday, and receivedapplications for ten licenses, all of which were granted on the payment of thirty dollars by each applicant. Thispular vote, and that the tendency of all these and manly about the people, which cannot fail plottiDgs is to convert these conventions and to attract the admiration of the civilized world.platforms into mere tricks to bring before them the name of some one or other of the quarrel- some candidates for the Presidency. As a na- tural consequence, the rank and file of the old democratic party have been thrown into disor-As to the future of these States—of the vast population which will spring from the hardymay see around him, and from them no logicalmind can deduce anything bat farther conten-tion between the two conventions that are soonto meet No one of the leaders or cliques speciality also for the sightseers. No one talkslength of the total prohibition of toe sale of is the position at which matters have arrived liquor. But to discriminate in favor of one just now, and therefore it is advisable to inves- day and against another, because of the reli- tigate closely the facts that have led to thisterday, the entire day was spent in nominating tions are composed, under the pernicious sys-officers for the coming year. John W. Simons was tem of party organization, supported by the boid the capitals themselves. Thus with us .leal more intelligent, as well as quite as plucky.Tribune, the religious ground is the trueone, and that which to invariably pat* forwardby the advocates of the law. Drinking a glass ofaleorwineiscalleddesecrationoftoeSab-thattherevolutionwouldbreakoutimme- bath in the Sabbath Committee tracts, and in diately after the death of Prince Miloechnominated for Grand Master, Finlay M. King, De- possession or the hope of official spoils, of per-putyGrandMaster,andClintonW.PageforSenior sonaladherentsoftheseveralleaden,andnotGrand Warden.Advices from Vera Crux to the 30th ult reportthat Jecker A Co., bankers, of the city of Mexico,had failed for a large amount, said to be upwards recurrence) of the contestants to the platform laces, line rivers, and so forth. One time it is lime. Incidental to this branch of the subjectof four millions of dollars. Relations with the trick, In the hope to beguile the voters to their a Crystal Palace, then a Central Park, now a is the fact that the services of all the yachts ofOur correspondent at fan* Oahano, writing on the 23d nit, states that the present government of Veneraela has sustained itself with great firmneas,Shortly after the strange disclosures ofof really representative men.Miramon government had been suspended by the support Ever since this fallacy of a party stirring regatta like that of yesterday, and now diplomat!: corps. Miramon is reported to be near platform has been introduced in our election a run on the turf such as we witnessed the daythe New York Club are at the disposal of the government in case of war.There is still another, and perhaps most im- portant view to be takeg of the matter. Our people up to the present time havebeenin puchhastetogetrichthattheyhaveneglected ordinary precautions for tie oonserva-rights of the States.If religious fanaticism be not the agent usedQueretaro, where he is surrounded by Uraga with a large body of soldiers. Mr. McLane was ill, andbower of the anti-slavery revolutionists, and itis prostituted to incite toe masses to anarchythe attention of the government to the great excitement prevailing in the Woiwodtna, Sla-scheme, it has been nothing but apolitical before. New York Is, in fact, the great showand civil war. It to toe same as regards the vonic Croatia arid Transylvania, and to the no-Sunday observance. It was the religious in- torious fact that there existed a secretfluence whichwasbroughttobeartocarrythe understandingbetweentoeleadersofthe revo-law,andittomerelyauxiliarytotheabolition lutionarypartyinServia,BosniaandMoldaviatrick. It was unknown in the early days of the shop of the country; there is always a spectacle intendedtoreturnhomeincaseofthenon-ratifica country. Washington,Jefferson,Madison,were' ofsomekindtodrawvisitersfromabroad,andtion of the treaty.elected without platforms, and they were astonish them when they come. This summer. never thought of in the old times of it appears, is to be prolific in shows. There areAdvices from New Mexico to the 31st nit statethat the Navajoe Indians had made aa attack onPort Defiance, aad came very near surprising the Congressional caucus. Men then were the Prince of Wales and the Prince Napoleon; iion of the muscular vigor whichof slavery. Bothmeasures springfromtoesame source, and are puritanical interferences with human rights—the one with the religious liber-on the one side, and toe Hungarian chiefs oa the other. In the meantime a Turkish corps d'armee of 45,000 had been concentrated at Widdin, with the avowed purpose of keeping down this imminent revolution in the Danublan provinces.fort was made to present a party nominationon pliant and deceptive resolutions, that wouldbear any interpretation a huckstering politi- the trouble of coming to the metropolis. Andof causes for this, and we do not propose to pioneeis, the sua-browned heroes of the discuss them at present tin detail. The mainpan, the pick, the Indian fight, the<bestorybythecurupfire,thesharingofthe supplyofnativeseamenmaybekeptup.The iftherebeanyforceinthereasonassignedfor areyettwenty-ninemeetingstotakeplacethisleaderscancountuponageneralandunitedlastmorselwithafriendovernightand disorder,drunkennessandmutinousconductofthelaw,itoughttobeappliedtoSaturdayernfrontiers,oneortwoEnglishsquadronssupport.Theyallrecognisethisfact,anditshootii'ghimcomfortablyinthemorning--itismenenboardourmerchantvesselsaretrace-also,forthattothedayofleisureamongJewsleavePortsmouthorGibraltarfortheDarda- the next of which occurs this morning. only makes them more bitter towards each almost beyond the ken of the realist If our nble directly to the foreign element which pre- and Seventh day Baptists, and, indeed, it ought nelles, Egypt or the coast of Syria; at To noaThe Commissioners of Charities and Correction other. Each of the leaders accuses the other of roets, painters, dramatists or romancists are ponderates in the crews. So far as the foreign to be applied to every day of the week, for toe and Marseilles all hands are set to work, and ia metyesterday.TheCommitteeoftheWholepre-beingthecauseofthepresentpartydisin- baidupforsubjectstheeneednotgotoEurope tradeisconcerned,thenameofAmerican veryworstclassofthecommunityareidle afortnighttoewholeofEuropeisunderarms,year, pursuant to the provisions of the Excise law,sentedavoluminousreportonavarietyofsubjects tegration,andtheyaremuchfurthertoday referred to them at the last meeting. The reportstated that several interviews have been held with from a common ground of union than they the Commissioners of Emigration in reference to were when the motion to adjourn was made at thelongstandingclaimwhichtheyhaveaponthem Charlestonof $117,274, and that from the action of the Emi- These are the indications that every mangration Commissioners on Wednesday last, as re.ported in the HKBILO, little doubt is entertainedthat the claim will soon be amicably and satisfac-torily adjusted. The report was adopted. The otherbusiness transacted was of a routine and uninte-restingnature-Thenumberintheinstitutionsatadmitsthepossibilityofbeinginany ofgoingtoFrance—itisalwaystoParis—andNew York is the centre of attraction on this It is of course desirable to multiply such a continent;butwealwaysmanagetohavesome force,andtoeyachtclubhelpsinthatworkbyFrom such ele-ments as these we can hope for nothing but a and operas, our splendid streets, marble pa- vice, where the pay is good and the grog sub-special show here independent of our theatresemploying a large number of men in light ser-the discourses on the subject from the pulpitThe religious element to dragged Into ail re-Obrenowitch of Servia (who has been dyingfor some weeks), aad that it would probably be ^garrison. The news from the gold mines was en placed in nomination for the Presidency on the Great Eastern and the Japanese; from dif- originally distinguished the Anglc-Saxoncooragiag,andbadcreatedquiteastiratlade theirownmeritoriousantecedents,andnoef- ferentcountriesanddifferenthemisphereswe race.Wearebecomingadyspeptic,con tyofthepeople,andtheotherwiththesocialimport our great shows, which oar country cousins can delight themselves with gratis, forsnmptire,hollow-cheeked, thin-legged set of fellows, and have just begun to find it o u t The eques-frequent and cheap trains on that day, to take pean Turkey were carefully recounted, and fromtheinterior;batcoffee,thoughabundant, nottores,platformsandcandidates.Theoldotherpiscatorialdelicacies,andtitowholeo. objectionscanberaised.Yachtsmendonottoepeopletobreathethepuresirandtoseetheaccompaniedwithofficialdocuments,soastocomesinsparingly.Peaceandindustryhavesuc-v°25k*"*O'K-kationissundered,andLongIslandforvegetables.Thereisnofearcheateachotherlikepeopleontheturf,orgreenfields,insteadoffesteringinthefetidat-enabletoeRussiangovernmenttomakediplo-ceeded rebellion and bloodshed. they will meet to make this mere apparent, of famine prices, though strangers wore to flock TheeaseoftoeRev.JacobS.Harden,convicted andto set the seal to toe actofseparation. inuponusattherateofhalfamillion.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Documentcuttheropeswhentheyseetheeagleofvic-mosphereandviceofacrowdedcity?Iftheymaticuseofthem.AndthistoeRussianPre- toryperchingoverarival'smasthead. As toe wanttostopdrinkingandtoshutuptoegrog- mierdidnot fail to do. He called togetherHIKh Life on the Oeeaa Ware-Yachts city grows in wealth and pro«perity, muscularChristianity will become more and more de- tte ouly one that will be effectual.-itAixm Ors their candidate for Governor. people. The demagogues aad spoils hunters ideal, the actual and the ethereal, fact, prose, yachts might be fully tested. The idea an essential difference. The "nigger" stirs up -iOiDWT or •otic. ?ou-Utuiu Beaeu..-LotarrA-WORMA-PoolvitmailDIl,Bros*way, wasannouncedintheHERALDsomeweeksago.abouttocarryusallintothemaelstromofcountoftheannualclubregatta,weprintinSpittoutterlyabsurd.Theraceoughttobe*adarraysagainstthemallthefire-eatersofThe fact that it was the intention of a number of have driven national statesmen from every po. poetry and romance, all in one These require-of sailing a hundred ton schooner Inespecially before every Presidential election— tiw wholearmyofhisblackrepublicanfriends,capitalistsinthiscitytorunaregularlineofmail sition ofinfluenceinthe managementof ourmento maybefoundInthehistoryofthegen-rOBJOm9AMBUM,rtuucorar.H»IC»»AC* _ _ _ _ , Yesterday the company was formally organised, political fanaticism which feeds the abyss of anotherpartof to-day's paper. WahJUaCK* TfaUTaJI lwaiway.-OTBaiAJfP Bocvs. under the name of the New York and West India revolution and civil war. Such Is the tendencyLAOTU i D i r i l Tnaaret, SM ai«s4war.--Js»»T Steamship Company, and K was determined to of the present strife among the political mana- Our account of yachts and yachting to thea race from Hoboken down to the SouthwestLin—Ova J«rA»saa UIMIT,n t aowwnv. aw«T —I§««*AL»A-PO«* •>» i*s-somethingworthdoing,sayaroundLongIsland, toe South; bat too battles between these or down to the Case May lightship, or around legions of politicians, wirepullers aad shoulder-Block Island. Then the general public be- hitters are not very bloody; they are foughtPosa Loraaa—DtTiti 0A*._Sewa^'flJ5ST* n&jaSras. T -33aaaai tssusr . ^grades, which exhibited no alteration in prices, waneinelowaadInferiorgradescontinuedtoruleheavyandirregular. The sales were oonflned to MO bales In transit,wits atew hundred in store, the latter chiefly on the can foresee, and, constituted as the House of wherein the Caesars were wont to make casionally in every foreign port to which baste of UX& for auddlteg uplands. Ftear was mors Representatives is to-day, every one will con- short trips in the Adriatic and along thebigcountry;aadtoeonlybatteriesdischarged are full broadsides of Aery speeches aad fierce newepaper articles, let fly by the leadersof•ATIOBAU o»°jg^ aaiooa. swum ^ * gjp^o^tmwpa^awaW AJTOFOOtjrHAmerican ships usually resort So far asactive aad in good domestic aad export demand, template with doubt and fear. In-all recorded shores of toe ^Egean Sea, lolling upon luxu- speed goes, our yachts can whip all others. the two contending parties. When the bom-TRIPLE SHEET. •aw Yoik,Friday,Jauaa8.1860.nullteg and export demand, without change of mo- political situation of this country. Then De- silken tackle, such as that of the expensive afraid to cross the ocean and try i t There hasment in quotations. Corn was tote active, while prices mosthenes thundered, while Philip of Macedon concern in which Cleopatra welcomed Antony. only been one "America." would be led to the conclusion that the wholeweresteady.Thedemandtorshipmenteastwardaadplotted,bribedandfoughttodestroytheliber-EverypatricianhadhisCleopatra,andsome- Wehavethusgivenabird'seyeviewofgloriousUnionwouldburstintofragmentslikeOarsteamers from New York to Kingston, Jamaica, corrupt party organizations, and their felly Istlemanly sport of yachting, which, with aa ac-despatchthefirststeamertoKingstonbeforethe close of the present month. Freights and passen- gers are already offering for her, and the fullest success is anticipated. It is remarkable that there isnoregularsteamcommunicationbetweenthisgersoftoedemocraticpartyorganization,and mostelaboratewhichhasyetappearedinanycomesinterested,theInbornloveofoarpeople fornauticalsportstostimulated,andweshould see the yacbns increase, as the riders have aug-out more or km comfortably ia the wigwams of the sachems, In thetemplesof religion, In mass meetings aad hot Congress debates. He rifled cannons, no sharpened bayonets, ne iron-plated gunboats, are called into deadly action; the only weapons, if we abstract toe twenty two lanoes of old John Brown, are immense tram-cityandtheIslandofJamaica. Tsaaosioasafes*wasmaottveyesterday.Itsperusalleadsustosomefewreflectionson mentedtheirnumberssincetheCentralPark toe generalsubject,aad particularlyasto toe hasbeeningoodconditionfortoeequestrian.The open sea races would harden our yachts-Theforeifn osw s was not of s nature to effect the better and higherquestion of the utility of yachting.Our history goes back to toe classic preparing the way for the time when the bur- pets, blows by toe biggest bragadoclos of thismen and accustom them to real nautical work, nm tives.Whattheresulttherewillbenomanera,andalludestothepleasurebargesgeeoftheNewYorkYachtClubshallflyoc-forexportwasgoodandsalesfair.Porkwasfirmer,with tiesofGreece. salesofnewmessat$18a$18OS*,andofnewprimeat $13 SO a 118 BO. Sugars werefirmerand ia specula-tive demand, with sales of 4,800 hhds., 100 boxes and 20 ODK GOLD PRODUCT.—We give to-day an ex-times several of them on board; but the highlife on the ocean,andof thearguments an overcharged air vessel, bat for toe fact ownersofthetoygalleysofthat dayhad no thata host ofreasonable, coolbloodedmenin its favor, as well as a little good advice to usually interpose be' ween the conflicting par- more idea of the real business of yachting than toe yacht owners, who, we trust will try to ties, just as a squad of constables dash in be-some of the fine fat old gentlemen of our yacht show themselves worthy of the popularityclub,whoareafraidtogooutsidebecause tweentwogang-offightingrowdies.Thesethey may get a wet jacket, or be attacked with which their fine vessels have gained. New peacemakers hear high the flag of Union, of theappallingmaladyoftoesea.TheoldYorkersholdtheiryachtsquadronasamong commonsense,andofcommoninterestaadaform in the United States, and our facts havebeen drawn from authentic sources. It willbe found, w e think, exceedingly interesting.the presentation of two candidates from its ranks can but produce one of the alternatives. EitherLincolnwillbeelectedbythepopular vote,throughthedivisionof thegreatconser- vative majority against him in the central and commercial States, or the election of President will go into the present House of Representa-•a.satBBOAOWAT—O^uNaaiieouMxvuraOx-whilemostdescriptionsofcommonorsuperfinehistorythereisbutoneparalleltothepresentriouscouches,withpurplesails,silveroarsandThetroubletothatouryachtsmenseemtobebardmentishottest,aspectatornotinitiated qualities were rather easier. Wheat was in steady into the character of our political warfareThe ffiwi.Nothing of special moment took place in Con" hhdi. molado, at rates given elsewhere. The market tended and particular account of the recentgreatyesterday.TheSenate,afterthepassageofclosedatabout%cadvance,andiasomecasesafractiondiscoveriesofgoldandsilverinCalifornia, a resolution to adjourn on the 18th inst, went into a more was reported. Freights closed with a firmer feeling Utah, Oregon and Kansas. These accounts debateontheArmybill,but,withouttakingavoteyesterdayonthepartofshipowners,whichtendedtohavebeencompiledfromavarietyofsources,on the question, adjourned. Ineffectual attempts were made to take up the Tariff and Kansas bills. The Hou*e continued its session of Wednesday until twelve o'clock yesterday, when it adjourned untilto day at noon.The adjustment of the currency question betweensent emergency in our public affairs.Two fragmentary conventions are soon toGreeks and Romans, however, never pretended to nautical skill. They sailed in their barges because it was, like canal boat travelling, the laziest way of getting over space and killing time. Time killed them in the end.this government and that of Japan has been satis,factorfly terminated by the adoption of the Japa- no centripetal force left in the disordered ele- nese standard of value. Extensive arrangements ments of the old democratic party, and that theThe history of yachting, properly speaking,checkshipments. Theyattheclose,excepthismalltotsthe best of metropolitan institutions, and they would be glad to have some of their exploits wherewith to astonish the provincial ear. The nld story about beauty, symmetry, .fcc, &o., is growing quite stale.to fill np, refusedflourunder 2s., and asked 7l d. for and will be found to be rather under than over 2grata in bags, though to till np It was taken earlier In thestated so far as the yield, present and prospec-sudden change comes over the faces of our he-roes of the political prize ring. They gradu-ally retire from toe field; the big trumpetscease to blow; but the walls of Jericho, whichthey had apparently shaken to their founda-tions, aland a s strong a s before, becausethere was not in the brass of the divines aad begins in the seventeenth century. It was THE SUNDAY LIQUOR LAW.—The Tribune, in re- sachems the power of God, as in the trumpetsday at 7d., in ships' bags,forLiverpool.The Coming Convention*—Plotting* the Politicians, aad Their Kesmlta.o ftive, of the mines is concerned. Probably the new discoveries will increase our yearly pro- duct to above sixty, and perhaps seventy, mil- lions of dollars. We sent to Europe last Satur- day a million and a half in specie, and we could make a shipment like that twice a monthThe signs of the times indicate that there isTHE TRIBUNE ON THE CONSTITUTIONALITY OFcoeval with the assertion of the supremacy of ply to an article in the HERALD on the uncon- of Joshua and his Levites. Suddenly toe forthereceptionoftheCommissionersaremaking countrycanexpectnothingfromitinthepre- ifitwasrequired. Inconsequenceoftoe Englandupontheseas—withtheoverthrowof stitutionalityoftheSundayLiquorlaw,says "eternalnigger"collapsesanddisappearsfromat Philadelphia, where they are expected to arrive to-morrow. A areat part of their luggage has been sent on to this city by steamer.fondness of our people for foreign goods, use- ful and ornamental, and the national extrava- gance (the natural effect of sudden prosperity in nations as well as individuals), and tile con-bepresentedtotheHouse,togetherwithsuchre.bilityexiststhatsucharesultwillensuemaybeeightymillionsofdollarsinspecieinthisnaryaction,andcarriedthenever-endingtheUnitedStates. InEurope,toe"sickmanatConstantinople"The House Committee on Agriculture met yes- meet—one at Richmond and one at Baltimoreterday and received a report on the cattle disease and hopeu are still entertained in some quar-prevalent in the New England and Middle States ters that the voice of reason and of patriotism sequent excessive importation, we have been from the Secretary of the United States Agricul- will prevail over the factious counsels of con- obliged lately to send all our gold abroad. It tural Society. The report was adopted, and will tending cliques and leaders. How little proba- is estimated that there are two hundred andsolutions aa it is hoped will lead to the speedy ex-tirpation of the disease. The Secretary of the In-terior waa also requested by the committee to col-lect such statistical information in relation to the by the getting up. of new ones, to secure the the product We supply all this to Europe, as disease as he could obtain: and, if the disease be bias of the conventions in favor of one or well as over four millions bales of cotton, andnet checked at the commencement of the next other of the contestants for supremacy in the great quantities of breadstuff's, tobacco, &c. session of Congress, to communicate the result of party. No attempt has been made to add other The latter article we supply to Spain, althoughseen in the several efforts that have been made, either through old local party organizations, orcountry. Last year w e sent abroad nearly tattoo of British drums around the globe. T w o creates quite another kind o f excitement. Aconsiderable enthusiasm was, manifested for the number of seceders, sufficient to make the sup-nominees of the Chicago Convention. Speeches port of the South unanimous upon a sectional very important in many ways. They will raise were delivered by Mr. Evarts; Judge Tracy, of and geographical candidate. The managers of up in toe Mormon Territory a hardy Gentilehour.do on Sunday what they and all may lawfullyseventy-five millions—considerably more thanOur argument did not require this distinc-hundred years ago our ancestors sailed in cari- tion. The constitution of the United States though for more than a century stretched ouous nautical contrivances, of which Irving provides that toe right of the people to be an invalid bed, he is still powerful, not to do gives some capital descriptions. The ship secure in their persons, houses, papers and anything useful or beneficial, but to trouble builders of that day had a glimmering idea, effects, against unreasonable searches and many things. When, for example, one of bis however, that something fleeter and neater seizures, shall not be violated, and that no man half rotten limbs seems in danger of falling jffhisInquiriestothatbody.ThesubjectisdeemeddelegationstothoseofthesecedingStatesatweallsmokewhatwefondlyhopetobeHa-thanaDutchluggermightbeconstructed,andshallbedeprivedofhislibertyorpropertyhisoldweakenedtrunk,toewholeofEuropeis one of grave importance, in view of the fact that, Charleston, but these have taken counsel vana segars. We are the great supply nation their new models were first used for yachts, without due process of law. The Sunday law thrown into a state of the mostfearfulagitation.according to the censu* returns of 1850, the cattle with their constituents, and will come of the world, and what we produce now Is as and then adopted, in a modified form, for larger and the domiciliary visits of the police are in The entire political atmosphere seems to be at In the United States numbered 18,378,907, with a nothing to the future, provided the country i s craft. That system has been followed to this onoe infected by the miasma emanating fromprobable increase since then of four orfivemil- to the place of meeting hopeful that not ruined by the scheming, selfish, ambitious lions. events will so turn that they may re-enter theTherepublicansofNewYorkheldaratification ConventionatBaltimore,supportitsplatform andtradingpoliticians,whoseemtobohardat meeting at the Cooper Institute last evening, when and nominee, or else be joined by a further work to accomplish that consummation.California; Lieut. Gov. Rusch.of Iowa, and other the majority in the Charleston Convention, on population, and make an effective counterpoisegentlemen. Cannons were fired, bands paraded the other hand, have been making strenuous to the despotic power of Young. They willthestreets,andeverydeviceusedtoattracta effortstosecurethesupportoftheminority supplyabargeamountofsilver,whichhaslat-crowd. The proceedings terminated at a latecame off yesterday, and was one of the most ani- gations with others favorable to their views. trade. They afford new fields for productive full, round, delicious curves; the same swan- tion" against them and giving a "preference" feel his pulse, suggest remedies, and seemThe new auriferous discoveries in Utah areviolation of these provisions of "the supremeday, both in men-of-war and commercial ves- law of the land." his sick room. Thefinebarometers suspendedsels. Abroadtheroyalandimperialyachts TheconstitutionoftheStateofNewYorkin intoeExchangesofLondon,ParisandBerlin are wonderfully like gunboats (new style); more expresstermscovers the ground. It guaran- sink some degrees, as before a coining storm; here we shall find the lines of the Julia (Mr. tees that "the free exercise and enjoyment of re- toe great diplomatic physicians hasten from all Waterbury's fairy-like craft) in the splendid ligious profession and worship, without discri- sides to his couch; rough and stern Menschikoff* fsjgate Niagara, or the superb steamship Adri- mination or preference, shall forever be allowed in his brown and closely buttoned up paletot, atic In all of Mr. Steers' models this similarity In this State to ail mankind." Now the Jews from S t Petersburg; sharp-nosed Lelningen, is strikingly apparent A yacht of one hun- and the Seventh day Baptists are certainly a from Vienna; the trim French doctor, with his dredtons,builtbyhim,looksliketoeyounger partofmankind,andbyprohibitingthemtogoldenspectacles,theMarquisdeLavalette, sister of the splendid vessel of five thousand from Paris, and old Pain's family physician,terly become scarce, on account of the heavystill remaining in the Convention, and to fill TheannualregattaoftheNewYorkYachtClubuptoevacanciescausedbytheretiringdele-demandsforitintoeChinaandJapanesetone.Thesamewavy,artisticlines;thesamedoonanyotherday,tomaking"adiscrimina-fromLondon—areailbusyaroundhim;theymated contests that has taken place for a long The practical result of these hopes and labor, to immigrants from abroad, and the like manner of sitting upon the water, with to citizens of other sects. They do not regardto be exceedingly anxious to save the dear , life and the shaky limb of the worn-out invalid.Thenfollowsaprivateconsultation,anddiplo- maticdespatchesflyoverthetelegraphicwires to the different cabinets. Every one proposes a particular prescription of his own; there istime. The winning yachts were the Haze, Faro efforts has been to widen the breach and em- working men in the large cities. A young,the ease and grace of a practiced horseman in Sunday as of any more religious obligation the saddle, are visible in both, andvery thanMonday,andtointerferewiththeirenjoy-rita,Rebecca,MannersingandGlengarry. Anac count of the race, together with other matters per taining to yachting, will be found elsewhere.bittertheanimositiesbetweentheleaders,and singlemanwillnotworkherefortenortwelvethe Spanish armada—with the beating of theDutch out of the Channel—with the founding,by "pretty Nelly Gwynne," of Chelsea limits the powers of Congress to those subjects neath their surface, only to trouble them again Hospital for battered old tars—with the incep of legislation enumerated in the instrument when it seems useful or necessary to make po- tion by the Protector and the Stuarts of and the powers of a State Legislature, which litical capital or coin money out of its baneful that gallant navy which has borne the are unlimited, unless expressly controlled by presence.flag of Albion triumphant in many a sangui the State constitution or the constitution ofclipper, with her sharp bow, concave lines, glass of lager bier or wine—is oppressive. T o trim rigging,flushdeck and low rounded stern, force them and others, under pains and penal-forthem.Theylieallalongthegreatwestern sailorhasbecomealmostamisnomer. Ifwe everydayoftheseven,andhaveabundant nobodyknowingexactlywhy,butvaguelyvallej, from where the bones of the heroes of the first Santa Fe expedition are mouldering into dui*t, up to the head waters of the Colum- bia river.THE GREAT SHOW SHOP OK THE COUNTRY.— Every country has its special attraction in the shape of some great city, and every city has itsgious character of the day, is as unconstitu- fresh excitement about Turkey.tional as it is absurd. If it is wrong to permit Thefirstevidence that the "sick man" was the sale of liquor on Sunday, it is equal- again in danger was presented in a diplomaticLondon, or Rome, the stranger hastens to theLouvre, to S t Paul's, or to the Vatican, for notto behold these historic objects is aot to he- oever commanded, because they are a greatcalled in that note the attention of the Aus- trian government to an impending revolution in the Danubiaa provinces of Turkey, addingflat-breasted,narrow-chested,to carrytoeSundaylaw,thenwhyarenotfacili- cianmightputuponthem,andwhichboundwhentheydocomewewilltakegoodcareoftrianmaniajustnowragingisagoodsign,ties'affordedtotoepeopletogotothecountryPrinceKallimakiatVienna,PrinceDolgo-and,withtheassistanceofGeneralfans,whofaacandidateortinpoliticalmanagerstonothingthem.Ourhotelsarelargeenoughforall,andandtheincreaseintheyachtsanother.Thereexpected shortly from New York to participate la at all. Iftheir larders are not well stocked there is for the purposes of recreation and innocent ra- rouki communicated a long diplomatic docu-thecouncilsoftherepublic,islikelytobeper- arenowteayachtswheretherewasonefifteentionalenjoyment?Insteadofstoppingtherail-menttoalmostthesamepurporttohiscourt manent The country is very quiet and healthy, From the proximate Richmond and Balti- Washington market and the. Bull's Head to fall years ago, and there would be many more if way trains on Sunday, why are not the direc- at St. Petersburg. Ia that despatch all theand the weather favorable for the crops. Hides ***»^conventions nothing may therefore be back upon for meat Orange county for pare the majority of the club were up to the spirit and peltry are coating to market in abundance expected other than the presentation of two, if milk, the North and East rivers for shad and of the age. Yachting to a sport to which notorscompelled,astheyareinLondon,torungrievancesoftheslavepopulationInEuro-we do not make the necessary distinction be-tween the United States constitution, which into calmness, but the black spirit lies still be-leisure to drink. If there be any soundness suspecting that it is owing to some new and in the argument it must necessarily go the dangerous phase of the Eastern question. Thisshould be drawn into a naval war, we mightlook in vain for such stout fellows as stoodby Paul Jones on the bloodstaineddecks of the Bonne Homme Rich-ard, or followed Decatur into the jawsof death at Tripoli, or faced the veterans ofTrafalgar under Perry, Stewart, Lawrence andHull. The very beBt Bailors we have now, al- mosttheonlysaltswhohaveaprideintheirlywrongonSaturdayorMonday—twodaysnotedeliveredonthe18thofAprilbyPrince profession, are employed in yachts, pilot boats on which more liquor is consumed than on Son' Kallimaki, the Turkish Ambassador to the and coasting vessels. Take the men in our day. court of Vienna, and published in part by the yacht squadron and the pilot apprentices, and But notwithstanding the disclaimer of the official Gazette of Vienna. Prince Kallimaki we have the nucleus of a navy such as Nelsonpublican questions, and taken advantage of for followed by an insurrection in toe Austrianparty purposes. Hence the pulpit is theaight provinces on the eastern frontiers. He calledtoe stage; the troubled waters aga i subside www.fultonhistory.com 