 jjbe Hon** en Ef^gjSprr?:hepublio Dougla*. « rigWmMiimmSfi Moor» (Ky.). Noor*. (Ala.). Mo«rlWPa.),Morri» . , Serenade to Senator Bell.E3KX5wSI Fitmemieu, hotv'ever, it was plain to be seen, wa»' iing quite.Uiehem,ol it. v •<»skulking when Cl:arles SumneT etopd n 4 TWba.tdescendant of^ewa^'w.ou^n"©!!iUitnot• « <^m«*hiincreased point t;bnt saro Anti-Le-N A Y S - ^ d w a »Blair, Brtyton, Bnffinton, Bu*nham, BotterfieJd. Campbell, CaitjT. C»«w, CteTk B. Gochn.no, Colfax, Conkling^Cnrtl*, V°"**>tlje secemon. at tho Charleston Convention, and rec--Harry.' -' '/ /' '' .'' ' '' ' '.'•' ;.tion doo- i:••t'.nt th»in New-Jaltimorodnced from (be balcony by Joseph R. Ingorsoll, whb l>etono,-»oen, Eliot, Edwards, Edjtorton, Elj.^Fonton. horter, eulogized the unanimity of the Convention and the can-—Some oJC the English papers profess to doubt Not so niheh conld be said for Leavitt. After c WW ; A t the close of Mr. PhilHps's nddrcM, loud*r&ti&mm '• - a ^ 'gation of "...feel confi- •fcnPreai-nbandon-The above affords a fair indication of tic other yea upon the political topics 'of the day, but to utter his her to sight. - I /. pu,t himself iii training there for'a short period, and the weak and forlorn. He staggered and trembled. Bo-yinthi*..•legation, barlestoa t * •Jogg (111.) aOowing the people of the organized Terri-tories to elect all their officers. He moved that thehUlbecommittedtotheCommitteeoftheWholeon ishedlroraitsconsiderationallexcitingtopicsthatbavt is,';!"OneFenny.-I860."The.likeneSsoftheQueen himwithoutforamomentiimginingthathehasnot Thesumof$5150was'collectedandpresentedto prisonmentofthebrethrenwhohadaidediaresenmgitude.61 • * i' w.select your speaker, is a compliment.of which I. feel coin is, 94-parts copper, 4 zinc,. 2 tin. ^his amalgama- he considers their whole toilet very immoral. leanmy very unworthincss. tion allows a thin as well as a small ccin, and the new imagine the terror of the ladies; on learning that theand with more experience,he would prove a tough cus- tomer for his rival.race. • ,.Mr. STEPHEN MTERS of Albany next addressed thev?S,4#>.00»615,000 '-v*meeting, and was followed by Mr. WATKINS of Roches- The time occupied in the fight was just-36 minutes. ter, who spoke at some-length, reviewing the braverybtaken eg> under- suit hi* U whichadmeat, author-The exercises were opened by congregational sing-ing,followedbyaneloquentandappropriateprayerby the Rev. Dr. Dubin, and the reading of the 90tbpsalm, and tlie 4th chapter of lat Corinthians, by the full ear^o of flour, run on a rent' in the Straits of turned al but and exclaimed, " B e quiet, sir!" shortly Rev. Dr. Peek, and after uniting in another song oi Mackinac on Wednesday morning, and sank immedi-eieCfa l lROUSE'S POINT, Friday, May II, 18b0. The passenger train from here'to Montreal ran overupon thin. the other struck him on,the1 f|i<« with a .gloye, to which the judge retorted with a 'blow fromthe|HhoulJer, and there the incident rested.« A vt:ry unusual surgical operation was perfonhodin Worceister, Mass:, on Saturday, by Dr.^Clarke, in acas|q of lis'united fracture. Michael Ha|rt 'was runovtlrby tho cars oii.the railroad, about ten monthsplause, deserted by his own party, sneered at by the hachvpublic journals, he dared to Buffer, manfujHy for Liber-ty and tho Right. [Applause.] Because the proB' Floi ig Hospital, nx of the 80th of April, w » rwad; wften»up»» wished to snuff out Thaddeus Hyatt, would the peoplo itvfrJ'olred, That the resignation of Dr. Harrt» ^ » ' * . ? " "*J!~ance.aud expresa to him HMUWIICM .-, ,„,••« • n ««,;ui«.ut!s «*filful.»ati»f|tiou iVlt by the GommMoagW.•» *}» &X? J j S Ssolved, a>hat the ^ ^ . ^ J £ act « iip*HoKl foxthecowan*Qu«»atineseason.*V-.,B—Y ea*tjud^rnotw , ftarofc,isiwilt^n,J, i-OIi^-The diseouWe was listened to throughout with the undivided attention of the audience, and drew forth the, silent apilause of tears from many.The • concluding exercises were conducted by the' Rev. Mr. CartWnght, and cousuined the remainder of the session.'•#" "Weather Beport.i ST. JOKX'S, % ¥., May XL 10 a. xu.—Wm4 N. W., blowing M i Thermometer W,muster, seriously hn rt. The train was somewhat de- tained, but there was no other injury.- •Delegates en Boute for Chicago.was said we were one idea people. .For God's sake x ^ t f d i that the Secret^- ^ t o ^ $ J f t E g & .i ••r~"frj&-ty-of the Republic has deteriorated within the lasi1'he Rev. II. H. GARNET 'stated the object' of the in which.the ladies take a large share. They are en- •^ring; He however very ftoon returned, and opened a meeting to be that of giving some expression of the,I ' . . ; •• .'.Ilonse to serenade Senator Bell. Mr. Bell was ratro- ommends that delegates"be sent to Bjalimore.b o n e . • •; -: >-k'' - •• •; • . . , . , . . . . : ,,;. . ::{> . .;•...y*And 'nay vote on the Nevada bill. . 1Mr. &ROW reported a bill to providfe for a tem-T*>rarygovemrnentforNevada. . [ JMr. C L A R K (Mo.)—Mr. Grow yielding the floorthanks for the present manifestation. He alluded to eyes were nearly closed, and he was a pitmble obect the causes which led to the Convention—it beiugth) •!|•pThoyljare to have a new penny piece*in England. weight'of his blowwas 62C pounds—nearly a third of look at. Cries were heard of "Take him out, takeSYMPATHY WITH THE-PHILADELPHIA SLAVE RESCUE US.r , •;\ ;il^&'This case.1'• •Capture of a Supposed Slayer. : principijl works on the line, exhibited by Mr. Bate-BOSTON, .Friday,-May 11, I860. man; Illustrations of the photpgiaphic effect ofreadiness to join. Having reachel Martin's Ferry, et tbe word government blot out the word nation. 4M|Broadway unsafe, and likely to fall at any mo-*Rounds 13 to 22 were little else than a repetition,^tion.BOSTON VICTORIC US.From The Boston Atlat and Ji^e, May 11. •^.O^Stcrewon* Stokw, Stoot, 8tratton. TBTIOT. Tlwyer, ThoniM, tTacl«rww»a, V«atodiibun, Vance, WMtdy, jWinalotr, andWright—1W.F f « * . Stench. Cooch, Grow. »«linick. Hntehhw. Irrino. Jun-kln. Kellogg.(Jlich), KrUogg (111.). Leach (Mich.) Loomi*.I^rt«,yLBiInrtan, McKwt.3lcKn(ght, Millward Moow-hend,tiomd Headquarters, ' After addresses by the delegatesof the late Convention, a procession was formed, tains the!principles of non-intervent fcn, disapproves of(Mww.),Aldrlch,AIIOT,. RouiidlS-Both fighters show marks o f > ^ » n f jfe, the Presidents were gott&g so maoy and wa'% but FiniiegJisB appeared fresh and "ready for u?o fiWr we couldn't reVonect them: ' ;>' ! '*"' - fMorrill, Mor»«, ralmer, l'ctrit. Potter, Rico, RSMMon (K. I.),j Bahhitt,^, . B'nghwf.headed by.a band, which proceeded to the Lapienieeuccess, in ©fleeting a -iwrTecfc anion of the disunited,;i v ; :: Buchanan-? [Laughter OTd:^j>phrase^ % , <•, '• '..' '\r'tk'didates present.Mr. Bell was received with cheers. He said it woul 1PERSONAL:ceremony in (he way of sparring, they pitched m, m current, that at the Bostor Gymnasium!, where they getting altogether the worst of it. • . . fmade by the audienw- for WilKam^LIoyd Garries* and? <b/f«K the Rev. Daniel Worth, who were both presen^ J ,M>..% length tbe i a t t e r came forward, an4 spoke, for ijfQJai* j > '•I:iNfeW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAYGeorgia politics.8cfr»nurt»,^ci»t>t<»n, Slmm*, Singleton, Smith (Viu), SmUh (JV A ;meetmg was held this evening atthe Constita- mho Hon. A. H. Stephens has wiittcn a letter in re- them by silveryafter -which he put the; arm in splinters. #'ngly;'ivihg evidence Vbat fre hadJonc his best/afd liame with W asbir^dn'and^c/Mrrf ^fmviCni), N«toA»r>****«««t,Ni*«m.P*i«n^>n.P*yt«t.PlMdp*,Porter. Pryor, PMIV Onwde*. K«gan. Rigg*. EobJaion (III.)..Burt,;THIX.ADKLI HIA,'Friday, May 11, i860;Clarke proceeded io dis»>ot the ends of the hone,-Mly AUGUSTA, Giu Fridny,May 11,1860. sawed theinV off and fitted-the ends togothor; joining - Round 11—IteavW came np to round rather, Ij^g- tow&Cheexer of tlie rtext centu^rtahK ibe contrary t6 human nature if he did not feci deeplyl>urn (Wla,)' Waahburoe (111.). Wa*M>um (31o-). V «"*. « il-on, assemblage was mainly to approve of the action-of tin best pupil struck 70 poundn.. After a few day's prac- trial. All the while he was getting terribly pomsBoyoe, ?edj.wi«k, Sherman. Sr>m«>r. Stanton. Tapp«n» Tomn- sensible ot the honor paid him, but he also felt that thb -Mrs., Gore, the novelist, who for some time past have a contrivance to,test tho weight of] a blow, tho cept that Leavift became weaker and worse at #|:i i minutes, during which a collect ion was taken M P " r^:Ichw, 'fwin, VandeTer, V e r w , Wade. Waldrott. W alton. >\ «ah- his been• afflicted with blindness, has.just undergone fray the expense of publishing fhe proceedingsof atf^M-g Wood, Woodjow—"^ „ . , i -v Convention. He did not appear to make a speec'i ailf'jopcration, which, it is hoped, will'eventually restore tice the teacher;was able to itiiko .130pounds. Heenan Round 22—At this round Leavitt came to time ve fivtmng* Tixo meeting adjotirned at Alate hoar. ' A . •XdistrustofboththeDemocraticandRepublicanparties. TJlefollowingisthe generaldesign: Onesidecontains He trusted that the party to succeed them would bo a;portrait; of the Queen, over the shoulders a scarf,attiu! Cananybodytellh)w•hardahorsokicks% "him—you are cannibals." Thisallusionsquintedto- 4-Wo find in y/M! Gazette Rv$sc of. St. Petersburg ward the cruelty which allowed the fight to proceed.temporarily—moved to strike^ out the Anti-Shivery a partv of the Union and the Constitution of the coun- embroidered with the rose, thistle, and shamrock, try. The condition of the country required the peojfliLast evening a publicmeeting of the colored citizen* the foUowing^ccount of tho recent visit of Scbarayl to. np slowly and feebly, -hardly being able to walk. of New-York waaheM in Sh%»b P*e»byt*riaa Chnrclv .*•anv to come forth in their might, and manifest a determina- bejing thrown. The inscription is, f Victoria, D..G. Moscow: Sq^amyl has relumed to Moscow to see Leavitt'e seconds now considered (< discretion the floor al- tion to call back the country to the true objects of the B«t. Regi"F. D." Brittania appears on the reverse, Prince Bariafihsky, and lifei» lionized again. Moscow .better part of valor," and,:^cting in accordance, threwtogether. He wasopi>osed to thns bargaining out the" instittitions of a Republican Government, and not ek seajted on a rock, not on tho shield, as in the present is always dem^strfttive in t ie expression of ats senti- :up-tbe sponge. ' T 'Prince street, the Rev. H i a a r ItioHLANn Qntfify in the chair. *t , >"• Mr.-JOHN P .REEVES opened the proceeding*•*&& >prayer. .. , ; .- :fr: .4floor.Mr. GROW accepted the nroond'nent of Mr. Kel-haus-t its energies in abstractions.It is manifest that the public confidence in the stabili-twenty years. The .Convention therefore wisely ban- figure and-a lighthouse on tho'othor. U p e inscription chanted with Schamyl; they, admire him, they adore ^subscription for the loser, heading the list with $5. sentiments of the coloied people in relation to the fm-the State of the Union.Mr, HOUSTON moved to table the bill.Mr. GROW—I withdraw my motion.Mr. HOUSTON—I don't withdraw mine.The latter motion was agreed to—92 againat 74.Mr. <JR0W reported biJL*to provide temporary gov-scattered distrust between the North andJRouth, know isjlttid to be truthful, her Majesty hairing honored Mr. Leavitt, who was, no doubt, grateful for the favor. a slave in Philadelphia, and also an expression, of ing that it could lead to no public good. That the Con the; same opinion of them. ;le finds fault with their The " gamenetis" of Leavitt was praised by all. He sympathy for the meh who had so nobly stood up invention thought lit, among such a host of worthies, to Wjron with several sittings. The composition of the dress,,and their uncovered faces and shoulders; in fact, had true courage. With longer and better training, tneir persons to secure the liberty of one of their own"He concluded by trusting that the partv founded) penny is n,ot much larger than tho bronze two-sous Imaum has this opinion of tinira; their indignation will ernments for Arizona and Dakota, which, on motion with such auspicious harmony and good feefing wouldHOW LONG THE EIGHT LASTED.Mr. P H E L P S inquired whether the gentleman and the Michigan Delegation to Charleston. A-large mass the wdll-known novelist, had an attack off paralysis at cussions on this subject with the commissioner who isbis friends would vote out the objectionable Anti- meeting was also held to express approbation at their Venic« /where he is Consul-General. !attached to his person.—M. Cuizot has just paid-'ft Hsit to"Nimes, hisJSlavery feature of these bills; and whether the gentle- course in sustaining Mr. Douglas.man did not at the last session vote to lay the Jefferson The friends of Bell and Everett fired 34 guns inand Arizona Territorial bills.on the table. W ere there honor of their nomination at Baltimore. not people in both territories at that time ?—A I extraordinary affair is related in the Russianer ask questions than answer them. But he againsafced whether be approved of the policy of providing» Government for all the Territories of the United ing great trouble to farn»er2, who in some parts of heires! named ^okoloff, and had by hei] several chil-States 1 New-Hampshire drive cattle many miles for water. dren. Recently, bis imposture was discovered, and ha ance with their wishes, read a fragment of the workMr. KEITT—Will vou vote the Wilinot Proviso Fires in tbe woods are also raging "in many localities.has b< en sent to the mines of Siberia; but the Russian Go'veijhment has authorized the children and the wifebn which he is now engaged, a co lection of reminis-cences which may'serve to elucidat a the history of bistime. This fragmentirelntes to the years 1834-5. Therelator states that the beauty and precision of his lan-areduetoThaddeusHyatt(orthecourageandmartyr-likeendur- ance -with -v)bich he bau reninted the power of the Senate, and mibmitfcd t|0 imprisonment in the vile jail at "Washington, rather than acknowledge the, (minority of that nnurping body.Petolved, That the practice of Legislative bodfcu to pnniah n citizen at their discretion for acts which tbey consider contempt of their authority, seeing that neither the offense nor the punish- ment is fixed by known laws, but depends largely onthedis-' cretion and passing mood of the Legislature—is one of tlie worst features of despotism, rests in reality on the principle of an exo u t ?Mr. PitELPS—The gentlemen from MassachusettsSoen not answer that question.Mr. CLARK (Mo.)—Did yon not vote against estab-lishing governments for Jefferson and Arizona last ses-sion, in which "there were more people than in the ' Territories to-day proposed to be organized ?At Hyannis, on tbe Cape, yesterday, a fire spread over nine thousand acres .of woodland," au'd wa) Still ex- tending.—'• •Fire in JFIannihal, Iflo.QUINCV, 111.,Friday, May 11, 1860.A fire broke out in Hannibal, Mo., this morning, onto con|inue to bear tbe name of Nesvitzky.is similar to one which occurred in France in the limewould • not be interrupted-by adjourning over merely into Province-town last evening by Mr. Hill, second to witneim the landing of an embassy. mate of the schooner Rienzi, which fell in with her ataflbrd to lose the time. He wanted to get up the River and Harbor bill. .Mr. MORRIS (Rep., Pa.) said that the reception would be most interesting, and it was due that the Legislature should unite With the Executive branch of the Government to do lionor to the Embassy, who have given onr country the preference for a visit.Mr. COX (Dem., Ohio) was opposed to this expen- srve Japanese humbug. . . . ,Pending the question to accept the invitation, the House adjourned-boara bad the words "Brig Don Juanf' written on it.Death of a Bank President.Dr. Cheever was succeeded by WENDELL PHILLIPS, who, as soon as he could be heard, assumed his always' eloquent mastery of those present. After paying" aThe American steamer Bay State, which went Ctov. ITXorgan En Route to the Chi- ashore on an island outside of Toronto Harbor onWednesday morning, still resists all attempts to got her off, being now in a worse position than at first..•The Welland Canal.ST. CA THAKINK'S, C.W ., Friday, May 11, I860. The broken lock in the Welland Canal is repaired,phrase by styling the Court. ' a whispering-gallery of a Court,' jand ho was continually obliged to call the audience to order. ' If you object,' said his lordship to tbe bar, ' get, up and object, and don't sit down grumbling to each other, ana disturbing the Court.' T o the C'ourt at large he said, ' I t unfortunately hap- pens thffit the louder people talk, tho louder I talk, and the loud sr I talk, the louder the people talk, and so we go on; 1ut I can't stand talking against half, a dozen persons! at once, although I have a good stout voice.' Addressing tbe Jury in the first case, he satirized the position* of the Bench. ' Gentlemen,' he said, ' not being ali e to hear the witnesses, it is not unreasonable-that I (bould be unable to see the 'Jury, which would mike th< i matter Complete. .But, although it is proper that jus: ice should he blind, it is imprppcr thatrshe sb mid iilso he deaf;' and so Mr. Baron Bramwell ordered he witnesses not to go into the witness-box at.all, but t) stand on the seat occupied by the newspaper reporter), who,'in. addition to the very bad accommp- da ion provided for them being made worse, had to sul imit tjp' their coat-tails being used as feet-wipers forminutes past Leavitt entered. Ten'minutes later Fin-1 the people came Habeas Corpus and every other land negaes threw his castor over the [ropes. Finnegass of Liberty.greeted Leavitt with great cordiality, when thelatter It was a weapon which the people caught Up whensaid: ' they -wanted to knock a tyrant down. And so wocago Convention.^BO>ALO, Friday, May11,•I860.- Gov. Morgan passed through the city this evening en route, for the Chicago Convention. He was re- ceived at the depot with a salute, and escorted to the American Hotel and back by Company D of the 74thRegiment, and the Common CounciLThe Jlethodist Conference.BtfFALo, Friday, .May 11, 1860. The special business before tbe Conference to-daywaft the funeral service of Bishop Waugh.Before the hour ixrr\\^ for the commencement of the services the list of Conferences waa called, and pe-titions upon various subjects were presented, fifty of- •which were in favor of and twenty against a;change of the Slavery rule, and two or three against the use of tobaefco by ministers.Duridg the proceedings of the earlier part of the »e»4onJthe number of spectators had greatly increased, andwMn the hour of 101 arrived the hail was well iilled with an appreciative audience. 1and navigation was resumed this morning. •. • —Fire at Lexington, Mo. />." I have $10 left which I would like to invest on tho result of the fight." r" I'll take that," said Finnegaeii, quickly, and the wager was closed. .The condition of Finnegass wa» everything that could be desired. His muscle wait hard, wiry, tena- cious, and of a brownish hue. Leavitt did not appear 60 well. It was evident that his [training had been either inefficient or of tod short a di ration. His body was covered more or less with cutaneous eruptions, in- dicating a bad state of' the system. The contrast be- tween the two was very great. Tiey had no sooner stripped than Finnegass's physical superiority was ap-; parent to all.loved our old Anglo-American principles, and when we want to establish a-right, we must show that it was old, English, constitutional. Well had Dr. Cheever said that we were not equal to our fathers. If we were so, we would Jong ago, instead of sitting here, have gone to Washington in the railroad cam, taken Hyatt, and brought him home. [Applause.] Wo should 1sung, parodizing the old Cornish refrain:And shall Thad-. Hyatt die ? : And must Thad. Hyatt die?Then forty thousuud New-York boys Will know the reason why.j>raii*e, the venerable Bishop Morn* proceeded to de-liver a most impressive and eloquent sermon on theJate senior n ember of the Board of Bishops, BishopWaugh, from the text of the 2d Corintniaug, Utnthapter, 28tli verse, " Besides these things," &.c. Thegeneral then e of the discourse was Paul and his suc-«/-8sors, in which the Bishop aimed to impress upon the a cow last, evening. The baggage car was thrown minds of the ministry their duty to imitate" Paul so down an embankment, and John McHenry, baggage- far as he imi ated Christ.th»J|learnpd judge went into the lobby, later in the eve-,nine, the "ruffian" followed him and demanded anapjijogy. His lordship had never hoard Jlhafc word; After a little more sparring Harry Settled a masterly'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069BOSTON, Friday, May 11,-1860. Excessive drouth throughout New-England" is caus-stvle.Afterward returning, he married awealthy hisspeechofreplytotheir complimentshe,inaccord-Mr. GOOCH—The gentleman on the. other side Market street, spreading in every direction,' and con- Pontisjie Sainte-IIelene, and by means of them not •want some excuse for their votes to-day against these suming two entire blocks. Loss*between $30,000 and only as aimed his name and title, but caused himself toTcertain circles that a prize fight had [been arranged, and ual is entitled to have Ins offense and his puuishmont describedend fixed by settled and known laws, to trial before a jury, and Had he been the winner of the 8175, which was putbills. JLaugbter.JMr. CLARK (Mo.)—That does not answer the ques-$•10,000. Considerable excitement prevails among thecitizens, who have commenced burning all houses the be presented, at Court, and actually succeeded in ob-BOSTON AGAINST LOWELL.inmates of which are supposed to have fired the build- taining the grade of lieutenant-colonel in the army. Mr. GOOCH K».id the record will show how be ings consumed this morning. No further particulars He wa'rt, however, after a while, discovered, and sentvoted. [Laughter.} But he never voted against the are yet received. organization of Territories as a whole. He proceededback t o p e bagne. . . . .. Sir JBenjamin Brodie, the President-of the RoyaloIt hue been well known for several weeks past among await punishment like any other law-breaker; and such individ- Ijhiade Complaint against the above persons forgambKng.to argue that it was the duty of Congress to exclude Slavery—the interest of the country requiring it.Mr. "THA YER was against organizmg a govern- ment where there was not three hundred white men. Hecontended.thatallgovernments•derivetheirjpowers•»Ratification meeting at Baltimore.BALTIMORE, Friday, May 11, 1860.The ratification meeting is postponed "till Monday when a great number of interesting objects in art and- heir muscle and grit accordingly we: it into training after violate the cardinal principle of free government by mixing itsfrom the consent of the governed, as set forth in the•wanted to lend a helping hand to politicians. The peo- pleliavetherightandpowertogovernthemselves,and therefore should be left alone; and secondly, his col- league, or any body else, should be prevented from in- terfering with them.Mr. GOOCH explained his views as to legislation for the territories.will of the Senate to override every conscientiousplea of the citi- abledamagehasbeendoneabove. apparatis for recording experiments inithermo-elcc-• Somepurpose'evidentlynotto"be alked outloud or stampedwiththeindignantreprobationofaChristianpeople.Mr. THAYER resumed, occasionally exciting intense places the water is from four to seven feet deep. So laughter by his replies to bin colleague. He wished, he ff>r, no serious damage is reported outside of the city, *aid, to remove Slavery contention from Congress, and beyond carrying off fences, etc. 'No damage is re» denounced Congressional intervention as a hum-bug.presenterl by a Committee of Dublin gentlemen to}-ady Franklin; a-series of deposits in gold, silver, andplntnunp, &c.,from the "negative terminal of an inVthe knowing ones. Large accession to the company cumstances under which Mr. Hyatt was imprisoned, July. Messrs. Gilmore and Wittback of the Seven- were made here. With but little delay,the train sped and with which the public are already familar. w<J»th Ward and Porcher of the Sixtli were appointed on, expectation and anxiety increasing nil the while. The Rev. Dr. GEO. B. CHEEVKR made the next ad-The cars at length reached Manchester, N. H., where dress. Re said the outrage on'Mr. Hyatt showed the roundsmen. Sergeant Lord,' iu addition to bis usualOn bis motion, the Chippewa Territorial bill waj3 tabled. A communication w a s received from the Com- mandant of the Washington Navy-Yard, inviting mem- bers of the House to witness, on 5londay, the receptionof the Japanese Embassy. 'Mr. COLEAX »(Rep.v Ind.) trusted that businessported on. fhe Ohio road, and trains are running with- out interruption.ductivejcoil, exhibited by Mr. Gassiot, F.l R. S.; sec-tions of Glasgow Waterworks, and photographs of the - a "select few " in the secret of;the plan were in {ircgresB of despotism. Kossuth had warned us not to Jfert.of unclean places, reported the building No.night, owing to the storm. Wehavehadatremendousrain-stormallnight. Thecience were exliibited. Among them were magnifi- centspe"imensofgoldandsilkembroidery!fromJapan, Kxhibite 1by Capt. Osborn, R. N., and other Japanesethe most approved fashion. •Thosewbdwere.attheBostonandMainedepotyes-legislative, and judicial, ana executive powers—is in fact to yield up nacred individual rights to party hate, personal caprice, or cnicialdiscretion,whichisbutanothernamefordespotism.npsecuted tbem. The accused persons were taken ore Justice Connolly who held them, to answer inisumof$500each.POLICE COMMISSIONERS.—This Board met yesterdayafnernoon, andfinedWm.F.Fountain, ThomasKin-rain is still falling, though it has somewhat abated.A Spanish brig, supposed to be a slaver, was broughtfluorescmt substances, exhibited by j Dr. Glad- stone, I'. R. S.; Mr. Galton's sun signals; averyiri- tjerestinj i-eries of obsidian implements and MexicanMr. "BRANCH regarded it as a great event in the sea. She bad all sail set. No one was on board of* oaryiiigi, exhibited by Mr. Christy; a series of CeltsBefore we proceed further we will state Who were opportunity. The people were' bound to bring this to contest the honors, of the ring, :jmd win or lose the n-.an out of prison, to release him from the clutches, of glory of the day. They were Harry Finnegass of Bos- the slave power. , (Tremendous applause.) It was a ton,"well known in sporting circles'; and Mike Leavitt '•• religious duty for them to do so. The speaker contin- of Lowell, a teacher of sparring. Finnegass has had ued in this strain for over half an hour.experience in the P . R:, but the present was Leavitt'8maiden effort in that line, a fact which ho will notprobably soon forget. Tney are fk>m 22 to 24 yearsold. Both were of course ambitioiuifor the distinction tribute to the preceding speakers, he said he wouldcommercial, if not m the political, history of the coun- her. She ,\vas furnished with large quantities of wa-try, and licr.ee thought the day should he properly ob- ter, rice, peas, beans, bread,. fiah„ and beef, and bad also a. large amount of lumber for a slave-deck. SheMr. W A S H B U R N (~ReV.. 111.) said they could ill was probably from Havana for Africa.] A receipt. onexhibited by Sir C. Lyell; a deep sea pressure-gauge invented by Mr. II. Johnson; and' Hooper's applica- tion <*f india rubber for submarine cables;—:Mr.tBaron Bramwell, one of the English Judges, is an eccentric. -He was holding a Court recently at Gloucester, and the room was without a fire; conse-ARREST OF A FUGITIVE AND SUPPOSED BURGLARS. •£-- t ni'ght, Sergeant Jourdan and Officer Golden of tMSixth Ward arrested ,Charles Croson, an alleged buiglar, who escaped about a fortnight ago from theSjfpon-Houee in that precinct. Croson was caught in tl ejact of entering the house of D. Haley, No. JO-t BJaward street. The same officers arrested two no- tlnpUB characters named Thomas Burdett and John l|y|c8, whom they detected in the act of trying sev- e|a| front doors in White street. One of the prisoners hsfJsomo false keys and a pair < of nipper*, and tlie oj i|r a'quantity of matches which he ignited so as to a|o|d light for examining the doors. Both were ld§ed up in the Sixth Precinct Station-House on KUS-n of having been concerned in one or two bur- es that occurred a few nights ago in the- $aaio d.jjjjeATn OF THE AERONAUT.—An inquest was held yesllrday by Coroner Gamble on. the l>ody of Augus- tus M. Connor, the aeronaut who was killed on Thurs- day afternoon while making an ascension from Palace Gdrden. The evidence elicited was substantially thesannjj as published by us yesterday morningj The Jurjjj: rendered a.verdiet* of,," Death from concussion of ujjf) brain from being struck against the ball-room- buMb'g of the Palace Garden while, making a bafioont—coin; but tho figuro has been remodeled, and-the sea lias been'introduced, with a ship on one side of thements, and absolutely persecutes him with its curiosity,Finnegaps jumped over the ropes with the agility of a deer, and apparently as fresh as when he enterea thecf Mr. THAYER, were severally tabled. Also a bill be successful in establishing a new era, and it so, the piedes of France. . i i'•• •no,'doubt cease when they find that Schamyl disap- It.was quietly conducted, the spectators behaving with which baa characterized nations of colored men in 763j0d* A to organize a temporary government for Chippewa. Convention shall not have labored in vain. His course .j-4Reitschel, the well-known sculptor, of Dresden, is prOycs of low-necked dresses because the necks and aj^coram not often witnessed at a gathering of this their battles for liberty. ,• *530,00*J. im. *a Murraymark, has ubt of hia highly ac-e, was so pi&rter ofon RoadsE iibiuwy.id.Lieut*. erk: and S'HVT De- he >5avy; :;*er Cun-the Com-The Era- rit'h greatr military 10 have a nee of ther*>*itions-avin the Suaresult H' shade's,the Sea-s:i, ism.•a on thefor the ad twiceie senate not ob-cJjourn itmoved to lefioiency over, helemfcy billr of days ssion.; adjourn rsider t h eonsidera-(C->ngre*s ban been o;«e time She next > until all'eekg had it 'deal of time, and j the* Re- one. Wed nothing tic parry and de- eaB doq- ive been 9 broken nite itto- ind make od done, icy were empie >f ar a tre- le Demo-ovjdence operation that Godthe reei- t exactly he' Sena- m during i, Hale's)fiv& in a u:.y kindid«r' w a s id passed.I-t/mmittee bich was #4ipula- bili pro- >r $1,500 he Para- : several w of thetry and kryr made * to. re-i>ttstness. >rri.tories r Idaho,lebiH be i floor to Ser.entitled riea hadUij new* tcctively rta.- H e raphieal erganiz- »dar cut .. The 1forthe ie*. at & •ouid b e etter for while it tbe emi-DakoJ* Ota, and *ka. Da-Posses- hat tookMr. CURTIS (Rep.,*Iowa) said there Was a misun- derstanding with regard to organizing some of these Territories. Thousands were continually crossing theMissouri river for the purpose of making homes west of the RockyMountains. They go thither without law to protect them, which it is the'duty of the government to afford. *Mr. CRAIG (Mo.) asked whether the gentleman would insert the provision that the people of the South should take their property with them.Mr. CURTIS replied," not the negroes, but whiteinen wanted protection. He was sorry that the Slav-ery question bad been introduced in connection ,withthis subject. Instead of overslaughing all these biHs,for the hist twenty years was well known, and it would at present engaged in executing a monument in honor shoulders appear to him to of er too much; temptation; be needless to refer to it.. Again thanking the crowdnature. „. Mr."J. V. GIVKNS moved the following resolutions:,gers were saved."Fire at Bri§toI, K. I.~OLoss of Xife.others lost nearly equal that sum, which was rather a•posed of miscellaneous parties attracted bv curiosity,and that the friends of the cause have hardly had time on tile platform statues of Frederick of feaxony, Philip tificial life is very interesting, as much so as is his pa- who carries half a million in bis pocket. obbtin counsel to m<-et their opponent* in the coming trial b«» -.'-(, . - . .* *- 5 -•.,../ 1K3jy -•;•-.;•«>('.fi•". ."*•to get their enthusiasm to fever heat yet.Sinking of the K. T. Xass, and^ 3L.OSS of Life..Leavitt's weight is 135 pounds; bight 5feet 8 inches. tw»>< n butiianity and tyranny.Tbe meeting was subsequently addressed by Waf.Finncgass's weight is 130 pounds; bight. 5 feet 5| WELLS BROWN and the Rev. J. B. SMITH. inch.ee. i * '~-tered, it was evident that the crowd was partly com Reformer, eleven feet high, in bronze, to bo placed on Hticlred, lbat wc«xpre»* our Dympothy with thoxe im/or**-• INCIDENTS, ETC. , " ' • lietfilved, That we recognize In tbe heroic ..conJact of tint tm» Finnegcss's colors were blue and white; those of fortunate men now in a Philadelphia Jul, another /»vicU»nc« of hearty, though not general, cheering. From occa- decided on. It is to consist of a statue-of the great ble.. The male dress also copies in for its share of crit- Leavift green. - * *><-lf-ea<-rifice to principle—another evidence that the Fagitiv*for the honor conferred on him, Mr. Bell retired amid of Iijnther, to be erected at some place whereafter to be he confesses that they make lim feel very uncomforta-sional interruptions and responses to sentiments ut- icism; Schamyl .thinks the frock-coat exceedingly in- There were about 300 persons present to witness the Slave Law is not fonnded inj»Kticc and therefore not binding.a lofty pedestal ascended by steps; the pedestal having convenient. Tha.contact of t lis son of Nature with ar- contest, one-half of whom were from Boston, A large na'tenicu by making up $100, or more, by ttolicittag contrfW- ..J number of solid men were among the ntfi^ber; one tiono from £he churchen and our public meetingg, to help tbem to»MEMPHIS, Friday, May 11,1860. The Meutaer R. T. Lass, Capt." Philips, with 150- Territories proposed to be organized, were living under ,Tnoblaw,and navenorighttoconstituteCourtsand. other legal means of protection.Mr. P H E L P S (Dem., Mo.) wished to know whetherthere were any people in Chippewa.Mr. GOOCH replied that all the Territories should by fire, early this morning, and the falling chimneys off hifi disguise, flung it down to the square, and went serving the animal's method o:' wiIking, he seemed tohe under some organization. He did not regard the crushed a number of men. The.dead bodies of Lewis through a f-clect acrobatic programme, concluding by feel outraged, and told Khadji) to Urive him out of the xminber of inhabitants. Did the gentleman commend Waldron and Mr. Ilorton have been taken from the standiig on his head on the weathercock. When he room; he did not soon recove- from the disagreeableto brganize Territorial Governments on the proper basis. I am unwilling to pass bills which exclude my constituents from emigrating with their property.Mr. GOOCH said the gentleman had not answered &is qnestiori.Political 'Demonstrationsat Detroit. atToJqklo,SDnTROIT, Friday, May 11, 1860. One hundred and fifty-three guns were fired this evening on the occasion "of the return of a portion ofI- invitation. In this resolution he lias been confirmedto enable Mr. Hyatt to endure even unto the death bis- present sufferings in his heroic attempts to indicate the 'rights' of conscience.The President then made a brief address, explaining the circumstances under/which Mr. Hyatt was sent to Srison for contempt; after which, the -Secretary read ie following resolutions', each of which was receivedwith warm applause:it to vote and declared lost by a constitutional vote— 2 being in favor of the amendment, and 120 opposed! iSiercto. As soon as the vote was announced a suddenadjournment was had.i| ;—•*-,|||T AHEK IN AND DONE FOR—Joseph Marsh, ,ofNb.. SO Park street, in vain .emulation of " Old Adams the 'yt-teran hunter," resolved to attempt the replenishing of his pocket, by " fighting the tiger," as he is foundhis metropolitan haunts. He accordingly pro- eded to the corner of Duane and Hudson streets, here Henry Van Vclsor and John Harden were[rowing up a species of. "tiger" known as Faro. 1 binking he was up to a little more snuff than the jlofestdonal tbowmen of the animal, Marsh undertook 1 initiate them into some of the mysteries of natural ktory. After a few short lessons he left the placepus $75, which had been swallowed up by the rapa-IUSFaro. ( He next visited another animal of thejourmjls. deredbirthplace, where he has not been for 30 years, to be present at tbe marriage of his son, now on the staff ofRetclved, That tho Senate of tlie United States, in the im- prisonment of ThnddetiB Hyatt for an alleged contempt in refus- ing to appear before a Committee of that body, wan guilty of aQGDKNSBURO, N. Y., Friday, May 11, 1860. • quently the Baron had a cold in his bead; deafness re-Augustus Chapman, President ol the Oswegatchie Bank-of Ogdensburg, died in a fit very suddenly this morning, at his residence in Morristown.Testimonial to Tom Savers. TORONTO, Friday, May 11, i860.A. meeting is called for to-night to' take steps to pre- sent a testimonial to Tom Savers.ulted, jnd-his lordship became cross. A local paper of victory and the reward of spoilt. One got the for- discuss the crisis of Constitutional Liberty in which we mer; both shared the latter. stood. Every government was made up, so far as it gives this following sketch of one scene: The spot- haying been selected, a ring was formed in was free, of what the people had arrested from usurpa- ! " ' Why, I never was in such a Court in my life !' the usual manner, stakes Were driven, and the ropes tion. Every element of freedom had been heard first exclaimed he. 'There is no sort of reverberation;' arranged according to the rules prevalent on such oc- in the prayer of the patriot and the creak of the gib- and Mr Huddleston, who is nothing if not emphatic, casions. The work was completed with dispatch. In bet: Our Government was nota^ stately fabric, btiilt pronoun sed it 'the most frightful Court in England,' the mean time „the large crowd of spectators formed in a decade, like Solomon's temple; it was an old En- US if frightful Courts Svere as numerous of their kind as about the inclosnre, eager to interiatv to witness the glish fabric, altered to suit the times. W e got it by barristeis. Afterward, my lord' imjwoved on his fight. The'ring was finished at 11\ \ o'clock, and at 25 the enthusiasm and indignation of the people. FromST. LOUIS; Friday, May 11, 1860.A fire at Lexington, Mo., last night, destroyed seve-ral stores, and did much damage to the goods containedhavein them.Loss $20,000; partially insured.Marine Disasters.NORFOLK, Thursday, May 11, 1860. A lariire ship is ashore off Sand Shoal.BOSTON, Friday, May 11, 18(50. The schooner Ranger, at Egerton, reports schoonermen, like Governor Moij(f Washington, D. C, and was but 20 years, of«JK TWENTY-FIRST W.VRD ALL RlGHT.—Lastevffii|ug.th« Campaign Club oi this Ward held an en(^tu»iastic meeting at the spacious ball, No. 435- Fourth avenue, when tliey were addressetl by Elliott F.Shepard,esq. TheRepublicankadersoftheWard' i rated that: the party was constantly gaining b y a c - eesiiljttS fr6va all. classes'of the people.Ji'. <MIKETING OF-THE QrAltANTINE CoMMIsWIOXERS.—-'Kloiwvfrom Philadelphia for Boston, ashore off Cen- lwi> or three days.".-•••• DETROIT,Friday,May11,I860. withhislaughter. Agentlemansitting,pehindhim The propeller Prairie State for Ogdensburg, with a annoyed him by loud talking, whereupon the judgeat the start, Leavitt work$ig hard aiijH looking anxiousFinnegass smiled and looked coufidfnt. Finally theygot. at the mill in good earnest, several'hard hits beingexchanged on koth sides, The round closed bj' Leavittbeing knocked down in a nanuer nic re emphatic thanceremonious.Round 2—Thoy came to time with [an increased ap-petite for fight and with grenter earnestness. After squaring off, sparring and ambling, t icy went at it intrue pummel style. One-! of Finnejgass'a well aimedplunger oil one of Mike's }copers, an I felled him to the ground. Itreville. She hud lost a seaman, named James Morton, His loildship was at the opera in London lone evening by the swamping of a boat. Tbe Eloise will he got off.ately. The crew and passengers were saved. No further particulars received.repeating- " Hold your tongue, you rulfian?" When-—'• •Bailroad. Accident.sea*oners drew the claret from Lenv itt'a nasal organ.better service to the cause of constitutional liberty.,The Hon. Jas. Kelly, the Hon. David Dudley bield, John A. C. Gray, and several other delegates to the Republican Convention, are passengers on the express train of the New-York and Erie Railroad this morning, en route for Chicago.ustal op<:ration of splintering was reported to, but tho boneefui ed to unite, and a cartilaginous union wask W l ! ^ ^ f r.- •I:•'•••—give T H E TRIBUNE to-night an idea to talkabout. Let .this meeting wake such a feeling aa ahall remind one ofPORT JERVIS, Friday, May 11,18)0. einic, and bis arm crushedjust above.the elbow. TheRound 4—This round did not differ materially from No. 3. Both men came to time prom [>tly, and appeared to come off about equal. The friends; or each were en-people. .Let no timed newspaper politics restrain our nobler wishes, ,Prince Nesvitzky was some years a#o mur- by bis servant, who possessed himself of idspaper;Mr. GOOCH replied that the gentleman would rath- Drouth Throughout Jtfew-EngBand. prince; and fori une, and assuming the |name of the the Journal des Dtbats. The A>:adfmic du Garde gro^a uud dangerous usurpation of power, meeting tho indigna-traveled abroad for some years, living in good held a brilliant meeting in honor of the statesman. In tion of every American citizen.Jittc/lvtd, Thnt the hearty thanks of every lover of freedomof the] Restoration. An escaped convict) named Cog- gunge were hightencd by the clejar and firm diction pest facto law, is utterly unjust, as making one party not onlyniard jlp'sseseed himself of the family papers of Countof the historian.' PRIZEjudge iii its own case, but executioner of its own sentence, and is therefore no pmt Ol the common or parliamentary law adopted in tl is country, being'wholly repugnant to the principles or thefortiied, Aro'ducing a false joint.On Saturday, Dr.couraged, and wagers were neck amStrong contrast iu• ^y#Untitled DocumentTHE LATESTFIGHTUnited State*, and every State Constitution, as well as utterly «*me species, kept, at No. 158 Chatham street, bysubversive of the rights of the citizen'; and. however sanctioned Ijfobert Sutton, Anthony Reminger, and George Jarvis,, by customor heedless submission, should be met afways withdetermined resistance by every lover of liberty. Where he.gained $100 worth of the same kind of ex-Rewired, That whenever an individual disturbing the quiet of, perience. Having become sdthfied with his lessons a legislative hall refuses to obey the order of,a Legislature, theonly power it hus over him is to commit him to the Executive to iarid difcsatifcfied with the disposal of his money, he.MAT 12,1860.. I Jill I MM"!?K«?mmMOMtMtikply to roveral gentlemen of Macoa, in winch he sus- In this casojao^far, there;,ii. a yery good prospect,of wu8.on;Sre;Wane. The-totting now w^at p to f JZp; Thi-:aj chronicler's mutiiy fSSbytf&bBZTt&fawhether H cenan is a bar :1 hitter. There is a storythe Magnanimous, Melancthon, and Rcuschlin; also, triarchal manner. He demonstrates freely his sympa- oil tlie steps leading to the platform, allegorical figures thies and his antipathies.. He is [very fond of music.of H|iss, Savonarola, Waldo, and Wyckliff. All the when Mr. Rbnowski had an organ bought for him. A Finnegjies came to Boston last evening. Leavitt was an adjourned meeting' of this Association was held at. left on'tlie route, his mug having gone into mourningof .eaveral; towns, including Magdeburg, Spire, andIf he makes a call anywhere in iKalouga, he asks ifAugsburg, 'j At the four corners are to be seated figures somebody will play the pifljno. He was enchanted took the stake. MERCANTILE LIBRARY ASSOCIATION.—Last eveninghe desired that they should he calmlv considered.Mr. BARKSDALE (Dera.r Miss.) was willing to ' passengers from New-Orleans to Cincinnati, snagged utatu w,.like that of Luther, are to be in bronze. juggler gave him great pleast re. |;The metamorphosis for the loss of the battle. Clinton Hall, Mr. Blunt presiding. The attendance oforganize Arizona with a fair bill, but he saw no neces- and sunk 50 miles below this place last night. Tho —2 Tot long ago a soldier in Strasbourg,, ascended to of a piece of money held in a landkerchief. by his for- Finnegass fought one battle previously in the roped members was very large. A motion to amend the*itv for the organization of so many. j, boat and cargo are a total loss. the top of the Cathedral spire, and performed elevated mer cashier Khadjio into a bunch! of flowers amused arena, and was defeated by Jack Roberts, at Dan vers Constitution^ as proposed by the Board of Directors, Mr. GOOCH (Ren., Mass.) commented on the coarse Mrs. James T. Lindsay of New-Orleans, Mrs. Kateof his colleague [Mr. Thayer) under whpse lead the Whiten and son of Lajayette, Ind., Mrs. H; C. Neal gymiiastics. Orders were immediately given.by. the him so much that the remembrance of it, as he a fter- Coiners, after a gallant contestof two hours and twen- in their annual report presented at the opening of the^Democratic side ox the House voted to lay these bills©n the table. There were two ideas prevalent; onethat the Territories shall be governed by Congress, andand daughter of Parkersburg, Va., Mrs. Win. Harris, do., John Puukey of Illinois, Klingman of Iowa, Wm. Wilson of "Cincinnati, Charles Allendale of Sy- racuse, Ohio, Francis and Win. Everett of Louisiana,police to prevent the repetition of any such proceeding, ward confessed, pursued hint even when he was at ty minutes duration. , -. annual meeting, by increasing the dues of outside mem- As usual, there was a deal of betting, and muchbut, noon after, the same man, who was formerly a prayer. In spite of that, Schamyl, having discovered money changed hands. Before stripping and showing bers, was put to vote, and lost. Mr. Wood moved saiW on board tho Belle Ponle, eluded the vigilance of; him in a trick with a double-bottomed casket, said that build and muscle, Leavitt was thought full a match for that a Committee of seven be appointed to consider thethe other that the Territories should be left open tosquatter sovereignty. Those who voted to table the a fireman, a porter, and three servants, are known to the g pardians by disguising himself, and; with several if he had performed before him at Vedcno, he would Finnegass. This was somewhat dispelled bv the nude financ ial condition of the Association, and as .to thebills had declared for the latter. The people of the be lost. Tlit) officers and the rest of 'the cabin passen- otbert persons ascended to the platform, froni which the have had him hung. A crab which the Imaum saw process. Some parties made, it is said, a cool $500, and feasibility of increasing the dues, and report at a meet-spireIrises. When there, as the guardian refused to0]enIbedoorofthestairsleadingtothelop,the ex-sai)oi|climed up the bar of the lightning conductor, and tentively; but when the crab seized one of his fingerswarm matter. ,\ SYMPATHY'THADDEUSBRISTOL, R. I., Fridav, May 11,1860.The residence of James F. De Wolf was destroyed so reiched the weatiiercock again. He then stripped with hisclaw, he threw him i pon the ground, and, ob-.FORthe policy 1 ruins. Seven or eight other persons were badly burnedMr. PHELPS faid this was a bill to-establish the and bruised, but it is hoped none fatally. Tho-pmp^ desceilded,-however, he found a commistary Of police impression produced on him by this shell-fish. He af-MEETING AT THE COOPER INSTITUTE. vote. At tbe first meeting of the Association, theSPEECHES BV DR. CHEEVER, WENDELL PHILLIPS, question as toamcuding tbe Constitution by increasingAND WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON. the dues $1 -per annum, was put to vote, and declaredTwo thousand people must have assembled at'the lont by the chair.Government of Chippewa. His opinion was that there ^rere not a hundred white persons there.Mr. GOOCH^repeated tho question wheTher Mr. Phelps approved of the policy of placing the Territories tinder some organization. . •Mr. PHELPS—I don't approve of these bills.erty'was insured for $12,000, but .the loss exceeds that amount.The Passage of the Tariff Bill.jn waiting, attended by a file of sole iers, who took him :into cilstody for Violating the" regulations of the town.terwards said: " I have never sec|n a meaner animalCooper Institute, last evening, to express their sym- pathy with Mr. THABDEUS HYATT, now imprisoned at Washington for refusing to testify before the Senate Invest igating Committee. The audience was composed of both sexes, in nearly equal numbers, and was of the most respectable character.A motion to reconsider was parried, when the ques- tion again being brought before the meeting, was dis- cussed at considerable length. Messrs. Price, Tucker, Peckham, Shepherd, Arnoux, and others engaged in tbe debate, some contending that it would be infinitelythan that; if ever I imagined m y Jbrrn for the Devil, —A picture of the "Holy Family,',; by Sebastian'del it is that." When he was first taken to Kalouga, bePiombd, which has just been sold by auction at theOne hundred and five guns were fired this afternoon public salerooms in the Rue Drouot, was put up at thinking them more natural and agreeable than ballet-SenANTON', Pa., Friday, May 11,1860.' Mr. GOOCH—Does the gentleman approve of the upon the receipt of the news of the passage of the 2,000f:. and knocked down at.40,000f. This picture, dances; brit the naked faces and s loulders of the wo-The meeting was organized by the unanimous ap- . more creditable for the members of the institution topolicy ?' Tariff bill in tbe House.Mr. PHELPS—Your policy is to prepare bills you A meeting is called for Monday evening, and prepara-know we cannot vote for, and which you' know "the tions are being made for a grand demonstration. •Senate and Executive will not sanction! I am willingwhich s painted on ccdarwood, representjs St. Joseph, men troubled him so much that hi does'not go now. the Yi gin, the Infant Jesus, and St. *fohn. It was When he is.invited to any party he! now asks whether receiVM\f discovered by a young man in an old convent there are tc.be women there, and if so, he declines thepointment of Messrs. HENRY G. HART and OLIVERJOHNSON aR President and Secretary. The Rev. HEN- I ional tax, than to be continually supplicating the mer-RV C. CHEEVKR of Jewett City, Conn., made a prefa- :ants of our city for aid. The question was fiually tory prayer, in which he implored the Divine strengthfor the firfct time in his lifeatKalouga excited his aver-"••".» ing to be held a fortnight hence. Thisresolution,afteralengthydebate,inwhichitHYATT. was contended that the labors of such a Committeewould not amount to anything, was lost by a largesion..Atfirsthetookitinhisiant:andexamineditat-went into society willingly, and liked dancing-parties,. i . I: ly of the naked faces of women. He ha3 had long dis-J .—Dftring the night of the 19th of April, Mr. James, by thfc authority of his sacred books, which treat large--. . -was to take place at some locality t:> be determined, on to all the other safeguards that free institutions throw around theSociety,'[recently gave a soil-de Rt his house in London, ihe 10th of May. The parties who (proposed to show citizen ; and that to admit any other power in a Legislature is to fn| against his money, no doubt he would still haveResolved, That this act of the Senate, coupled as it is with con- ^Declaration of Independence- His colleague (Goochj There is a great flood on the Falls, and the streets in curiositii'8 contributed by Dr."McGowan; McCullum's their attention attracted by the preemce of an-unusual tempt and denial of the rights of conscience, and making tho bareterday morning, from 6£ to ~\ o'clock, would havenadthe vicinity are overflown. .It is feared that consider- linograp i for recording train signals and time; Melloni's number and class of people, very in rently. engaged on zen, is an outrage upon Christian liberty which should be3 p. m.—The flood has about subsided. So for no tricity^ made and exhibited by Mr. Ladd; a new ozone hardly whispered. At 7\ o'clock t be train started out The SECRETARY also read a letter from the Hon. card, and John Bruer, of the Seventeenth Ward, ten.srious damage has been done, beyond the filling of numerous cellars, and flooding the lower stories of buildings in portions of Hollidav, Saratoga, Jay, and Harrison streets, and the market space. In somebox, invented and ex-hihted by -Mr. Lowe'; two cases of the" depot and soon disappeared. They were hound Charles Sumner; regretting his inability to be present, days'-pay for allowing a robbery to take place upon of magnificent,birds of paradise from New-Guinea, ex- for the Granite Hills of New-Hampshire, localities and warmly approving the course of Mr. Hyatt. tneir beat. The Commissioners predicated their deci- hibited by Mr. Gould, F. R. S.; tent used in the sledge which it is the delight of-so many thousands to visit ]The first speaker, SAMUEL E. SEWKLL,,esq., of t|cjjh upon the ground that the robbery could not have ixpediti)n8 in.the Arctic regions; Sir John Franklin's from season to season-. Boston, counsel of Mr. Hyatt, was here 'introduced,pocket compass; testimonial inclosed •in carved oak, • At Lowell the affair appeared to be understood by and received with, enthusiasm. He detailed the cir- l|een effected if the men had been attending to their: Round 24^-This' was the final round. Leavift cameIbe fight was for $200 a side. Of course FinnegassHookset, four miles from Manchester and- twelve fromConcord, the company alighted1 and proceeded on footabout a mile and a half. After sonm lit! Ie"prospecting to use the language of Burke, that they took the-powera spot was selected for the ring. It was admirably into their own hands, and governed in their own way. o^gdition. Notifications were sent to the owners to adapted for the purpose. . - • • • • • (Applause.) The necessity for a revolution was God's tj Ie them down or make them safe.THERound 1—There was aHOUNDS.?ood deal of lively sparringRound 3—Both contestants came to time evidentlyrefreshed by the rough usage adn mistered to eachother. They . eyed each other with great eagorncss, let the citadel of Liberty be carried, bydefau.lt? It advancing and retreating by turns. Each appeared toappreciate the importance and advantage of tho nexthearty sockdologer. Finally they came to blows, thohitting being hard and uniform; '^bo round endedafter an exchange of several staggerers.. resignation of Dr. Elisha llarris^M Pkv^^C^f.jfcneek..Round* 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10 wer< fiercely fought,It was better to defend a great constitutional princi- ple than to buve been President of tho United States. Win. HvReward had presented a Btrona contrast inS M B S f f i 8 2 Sc^reU.i7 h.form the.a that Si.«nde1&iSXM«.ft>r tho muou tlwt no fuad« havl J&gE&!2X& «u.y ,K>rtioa of the espense* of f UThe people'were the nation; if they did not look outthey would become merely the governed. If was true, apo'.Dover streets was reported to be in'the same .t their hands in their own pockets and pay the addi-mepit. The building on the south-east corner of CherryThe laws were not made to pro- asvpnsion on the 10th insi." Tbe decea&ed was a na- -[Renewed cheers.]teet popular and powerful men, like Governor Morganan hey should protect the hum- d William B. Astor. Tble and uninlluential. Mr. Phillips said he should take broader ground than that embraced in the resolution; For his own ideas he alono would be responsible. He held that vcilkrr judges nor lawyers had a right to de- prive a man of his liberty at pleasure. Arguing to this effect; he cited the past history of popular triumphs overdespotism. Andifwebadgotridofakingon his throne—of a George the Third ?—it soemed to him that we had made a poor exchange from a decent gen- tleman on a throne, to a dirty demagogue in a SenateChamber. , . «"•,'•,Jfo contended that no man in this..century had-done 'A t M meeting of the CommiHsiouers, hdid on the 10th An lioncst, noble man, buoyed up by no popular ap- ins|.|lthe following proceedings, among othei's, wereenercjTHc, and successful manner, U ^ 6 . 0 0 "»* ai»chargocl the times when Horace Greeley hrA the hearts of tho theidlicult and onerous duties of wMgO*K»n. o u l D l o r < > e * www.fultonhistory.com 