 NEW YORKdeYaJ "P * * ft If*—«w ai< » ^ . f c ^ ' . y.. *T \BABrara .AMBMJA«,MOTSTJM. * « * ^ - » f TMe Serious Complication* of Europe—Abeing overrun with locusts and frogs. In fact, tropolitan attractions, we are justly proud of the peculators hate obtained so full control the display of female beauty which New Yorked upon the astonished gsse of any Western the common enemy; s The best thing now that '• •' nation, and that our Aldermen were placed in Governor Wise can do, therefore, is to tall backa novel position. The publio voice demanded, upon his old battle cry of 1840—"The union ofIn view of the Ugh rank of the Oriental diplo- the whigs (i. 1. of all good Union men) for the mats and the importance of their mission, that sake of the Union." 'wd areata*—BraiortA* twill, DiMB, Baiiaawiaa. » iW a r a t a g Loose* to Uao fJalted S tatea. The situation of Europe at the present mo-N ATtOHAL * A A j r Y — t o * *PAUtSS Coocaai-TDa. Cnmrrxn Of LONTXW.—We see bytintUrg- lfah papers that the Ret. Dr. Cheeter. of Untan square,hasbeen delightingthatportionoftooc AjrTsmscuT oososmt BALL, asWow Y o r k , Wrlctmjr,deal of time and money to teach new tricks to British public which affects the Exeter Hall doc- old dogs, and the less time that fa allowed the trines with some rbarwfteristic attacks 1neat, the Sandwich I.Francisco there was a steady bosjasai doing oa tbewith the most strenuous and exhausting fiscal exertions, and an admitted uneasy sentiment regarding the future, which any untowardI T , U M .4th, withoutlittle political excitement, both wings of the dcraey beiag confident of carrying tbe State.suver leads sad gold bearing qoartz bad"covered. Parties maua** from the Coaorepresent them aa very rich. Colonelhad gene em a viett to them. Move ~are reported in Carson •alley, when-were said to be congregating along the emigrant by the excuse given by Louis Napoleon, that notes.Advices to tbe 15th of June from Hong Kong, China, state that attempts bad been made to harry tbe British forces northward, bat owing to bedheisonlyendeavoring to remedy thedefectsin his military organization which he encoun-tered during hi? recent Italian campaign. Thisalong pretty soon, and as it is always settle up old scores before incurring it may he as well to pay the Japs- and say no more about it Only let boar in mind that their education us s great deal of money, and that we see the result of the outlay in their which ought to be improved at least abeuig removed to Vancouver Island. The political dreds of small minds t ^ ^ g our public men newi is of no moment. The Honolulu market was North and South, and thousands of inconside-Douglas State Convention at Syracuse, on an through the treachery of pretended friends, or equal footing with the Tammany delegation, by means of the superior strength of open foes. has given rise to great rejoicings in the Mozart The allied despots hate beheld In England thecamp, and to much weeping and wailing and only refuge for the friends of the people; Al- gnashing of teeth in the Old Wigwam, But bion has been'as a sanctuary for the champions•July 20, asjefhe United States steamfrigatePow-hatantouchedhere yesterday for water, Ac, onherwayfromPanamatoPhiladelphia.TheRussian seenamongthenationsofEurope,wereIn- sndFreiwh Ministers here are unusually intimate augurated in each, and civil war initiated inHalifax! last final port being Mfitord Haven, in Watt*, facte was no public mtoreat felt in her de- ter, few persons ksnoa^gemhlad *Toh the river or harbor to See bet off. l.fromindisposition,wasanahwtotake the command, which consequently devolved uponnational hatreds, antagonistic interests between the agricultural, the manufacturing, the mining and the commercial States, and thousands of irritating interstate questions, which to-day are overshadowed and subdued by the majesticThe Union men of the South are rising in won-derful strength to put down the secession radi-calsin that section, and whyshould notthesolid Union men of the North co-operate withthis great popular reaction in the South, i n s they are the same. We speak the English lan-deviseCaristisasof Syriamet at Society last evening. A that randsmissionaries am*us the treasurer is to remitted ialarger unities.tiOrtyseven crowned heads and to establish a footing with the Tammany delegates weshouldA temporary •rtaalotioB wa* ef-prize >arecord of th*sloop Julia takea toe neratng takeathepriaoof tory Tbe aqoadroo leare aod part west.*-•)•* ij '.»'•A Slam OtwwaMof ilOOitshallbe Bjw:JW*sa.. y"Ws*""""T^"r'*^^ TMlearn to appreciate the blessings we enjoy, and to reject, with the indignation they richly merit,tike to hoar i t We supfoae that if dolefuland Casaidy, tbe confidence man, had entertain- loyal to those groat principles of"grants had been sent to KackwelTa Island-some1tmmMfrttjsssSj as'SMf * "kMSW?'*bta**»fbrm mm? institutions at aa anaesthetic has been prohibited by the medical board, unless it be givenif, CI reignsfuture day, when Edward YTL dominions which Victoria nowK so well, hs fa calledosn rendMstoa, for the Legislature, bearing itinmindthatSeward,Weedandallthat cliquesre the head and front the rondtsstors, totalneen and Aremesrrf 4 ^ porrupty terras, «•£WMteful spoil* combination, known a*'tbe- Albany lobby. They bar? tan mating a mere catspaw of Greeley so long ttflfaVtsroontinnedfirm,withengagementsofwheattoLiverpool, in bulk and bags, at lO^d. a l i d . ; and of flour at 3s. Sates were ateofirm to London and to Glasgow.threemonths,theGovernorisofbutlittleim-portance. He baa no more power In staying thetide of corruption than the Egyptian gods had rangements for a grand ball, to take place ain preventing that once favored country from few days after the banquet Among other me- thefirstthing of the kind that had ever dawn purposes of s compact organization agetast . /event may convert Into one general disaster. The cause of this precarious condition cf things is the simple fact that France maintains to-day her armies on the same footing as when she carried on the giant, war! of last summer; and the public uneasiness b not at all allayedto theweather several casualties had occurred. Two excuse is even calculated to heighten the pub- winter, let them not be diverted from the reallarge transport vsassls had been wrecked, and lic alarm, and every Power feels itself com- issue by the appeals for Governor, but attendanother laid op for repairs. Another, having pelled to arm still further, as a precantinnaayjf,* **» nomination and election of tbe memberscaugLtfire,was scuttled. A newsteamer had been measure of self-defence. No one nation cam of the Legfclatore. If therightkind of men arepurchased by the ffagtiah Admiral, who deemed or should rely on the forbearance of others for elected the Governor will have no occasion tohis forces snMdent to attack the forts. The its own safety, and each attributes to its neigh- apply the veto, whilst with a band like the last.French force would not be ready for co-operationuntil the present month. An impression prevailed bors, and particularly to France, perhaps a veto is like chaff in a whirlwind. No personthat ss the allied Powers evinced no sympathy with truth, designs inimical to the pre- connected with the jobbing of the last Legisla- with the Nankin insurgents, it would have a favor- sent state of things. Therefore it is that ture should be permitted to return to Albany,per cewf^able impression on the authorities at Pekm, and induce the government to listen to con- ciliatory advice. A battle had token place between the imperial troops and Nankin insurgents, in which the former were defeated. The imperial troops were besieged in the city ofthree million of men in arms are not considered sufficient to maintain the peace of Europe, and new burthens are imposed, new debts created, and the resources of the future are anticipated in every possible way to augment their number and increase their efficiency. Such a conditionand only those persona elected who are notPARAGCAY CLAOL—We see that several of the city journals have taken up the subject of the claims of eiAtons of the United States upon the Paraguayan government, and com- mented with more or lees severity upon theonly known to be opposed to the schemists and jobbers, but who will pledge themselves to vote for the repeal of tbe city railroads and other peculating jobs of the last disgraceful session. This much should be done that the disgrace ChauCbow. Much fear was manifested at 8aang- of existence cannot be indefinitely prolonged. brought upon the Empire State at Albany mayof the Commissioners, which is under- stood to be adverse to the allowance of the claim, (The Commissioner appointed by the President—Hon Cave Johnson—is s man of sterling integrity and undoubted honesty.haeattheprogressoftherebellion,owingtoits Afailureofacrop,arevulsionintheindus- bespeedilyremoved.proximity to the scene of operations and the dan- trial occupations, a slight dispute between two Let the people attend to this before it is tooger of Loo Chow, one of the moat important manu- of tow Powers, an exhibition of territorial late. The primary elections are now in full factoriag and commercial cities of the empire,falling into the bands of the insurgents. The Bri- greed or dynastic ambition, or any one of a blast In ail parte of the State, and the most Im-tures, agriculture, the fine arte, the exact sciences and mechanical inventions, the child has proved itself worthy of the parent stock,the '-Watch dog of the Treasury,'' and if he hat decided that the claims of the Rhode Island company ought not to be allowed we are con- fident that he has good grounds for such action. It is alleged that the evidence in favor of those, stains was examined by the late Mr. Marcy. who approved them. This may or may not be true. If true, .It does not alter the case. Mr. Marcy could not, for obvious reasons, have given the matter his undivided attention. He always had a great many irons. official and otherwise, in the fire. And so far as integrity is concerned, Mr. John- son's reputation will not suffer by comparison with that of Mr. Marcy. Then, again, we are told that the Paraguay claim has been submit- ted to Committees of both Houses of Congress sad favorably reported upon—a circumstance which has little or no weight We sll know how many fraudulent claims. Mexican and otherwise, hate been engineered through com- mittees of C ongress during the last ten years. The nuisance became so intolerable that the preliminary business of examining claims upon the gorernment was entrusted to a court espe- cially constituted for the purpose.tish a ad French gunboats had captured and burned thousand possible contingencies, may produce portant work to be done is the selection of and the mother may be proud of her ^offspring. s number of piratical junks. one of the two probable results of this state members of Assembly. Look to the Legisla-SandwichIslandnewetothe18thJulystates ofaffairs—ageneralwarorseparatepolitical ture. # that the com m anion appointed by that government revolutions.to investigate the affairs of the United States hos- This picture which Europe presents to-day isDuringallthistimetherestoftheworld has not been at a stand still. Continental Europe has been the theatre of a grand struggle between absolutism and the principles of self-go-pital at Honolulu were progressing with theirlsbcrs. Tbe Hudson Bay establishment was about cal period of its existence. There are hun- of tbe Wood, or Mozart Hail delegation, into the vernment Freedom's battle has been often losta pregnant warning to this country at this criti-overstocked with goods.vers Cms dates of the Mh state that the de-mands of the Spanish gorernment on Mexico would not be acceded to byspasmodic movements of a dead frog under an lum for distressed patriots of every clime.Advices from Havana to the 13th inst.reportangun would cease with its severance Into a *hip Btaghound. Sugar wasfirm,and the stock on Northern and a Southern confederacy, is blind hand 366,000 boxes. to the chain of events which must follow suchOUT ccsvgmtenleiit st Rio de Janeiro, writing on a step. Disseverance would not cease untilArrival of three handled and fatty cooties in tawexperimental galvanic battery.We must deal with things as we find them,Just now thla latent antagonism has taken arate people who contemplate with indiffe-rence, and somepossibility of * dissolution of our compact of Union, which.is the only thing that saves useven withpleasure, theThe surrender of the Spanish barkcion had also beenrefusedby the Juarez govern- from the fratricidal strifes and onerous bur-ment. Despatches to our government of aa im- thens which now weigh like a nightmare uponportant character are now on their way to Wash- the energies of Europe. The man who believes whig party; and Its present manifestations of greater or lees degree, tlew with secret hos- ington.constant preparation for self-defence, as is nowparty, the American party end the democratic people would receive the sympathy and moral othernat©astotookonthematterwithjealousywithneithertheNorthnortheSouth,butwouldparty,anewnationalconservativepartyisinaidofonlyoneofthegreatPowersofChris-to the contrary—and as yet we have asen n o s e - beinclinedtobelievethatMr.Cave I Johnson has done his duty with rareand grat ...us, which onuses therepresentativesof many of them, The Pacific States could go :and distri**, Cofibs has declined since July Sabout be compelled to establish a third confederation. 500realspar arreba. Business is active, and about Then we should have disputes about the navi-n.000 bags have left for Philadelphia and 15,000for Hew York during the mat week. The accounts gation of our running waters, hostile tariffs forfrom the interior ate very favorable. In this city purposes of revenue and home protection, quiet and health prevails. bickerings for border troubles and the refugeThe Cerent Eastern steam ship fVft this port y eater- of criminals, conflicting laws regarding the col- dav on >er homeward voyage, taking one hundred lection of debts and transmission of inheri-tint class passengers with her. She will touch at tances, local prejudices elevated to the rank ofprocess of formation—the party which is to re- tendom, the United States of America. Not sist and supersede the republican party in 1864, only would we feel the natural sympathy offidelity and strict honesty, and that the Presi- TfceevnniaaipBUrof the Weat has arrived from H* vaaa 13th instfirst officer Machin. An attachment had been honed bond which makes us a great, a powerful, a**lfJ and a prosperous nation.with bur- em democracy, old lino whlgs and Americans,these late flying rumors that the Sage of Au- burn Intends to withdrew from the Senate, that he does not intend to be s candidate for re-Ac, sre insidious inventions, promul- by other parties, who are anxious to stop Seward's Senatorial shoes. There fa, some troth in this proclamation, and Senatorial TimHiflntr in question,« e David Dudley Field and Ho .thedelegatefromOregon.Chevalier Webb cautions the friends ofwill but alightiy vary these figure*ttrglnla Palltu*.BiArvros, Va, August IS.IMS.Th* Douglas Convention to-day is largelyA Committee on Orgaaiantk» was appointed, whenConvention adjourned tBl four o clock *- _ •* - « — B_^MB^aamnenameiaaandt SaamaaSaaiMWI taaC 4V TlswraWi tmWPsWBmwsb atom* %|^awmpiiT*w.OBA*i*VTur.iu*,Va, AugastM, ISO*. All aections of th* State are repeeaetiod IntheBeack-and sen ad against the ship, but the agenta.Grianefc fc Mtotorn, had entered into thebonds Sad aa delay to her sailing hadresulted.Sheleft with the torn ef the tide st four o'clock. Poll them at fhJa — sossin i with her bitter interna- plan of operations both factions of our Nor th-sh^is*Let the people of the United States content- which Europe presents tototoevery ground; byttimulathere are tmihftfl andpeople are making to establish Italy striving to form a united kingdom, and Germany panting to be rid of berought surely to be able to work together for the common object of defeating Lincoln. With his election they all go the wall; but they may all.hareintoeprofitsofhisdefeatMeantime, if anybody can tell us what there is of any practical value in tola admission of the Mozart delegates at Syracuse on the same»Convention. fctSI^wanw*wJt •—*•&**w^aaaw^• _ -j^••'BJIBj|MtoJsamwamNEW YORK Vme CHefceiHERALD, •FBIDA Y ,"^''w.'srxr*, Ud 0There is just now • great deal of noise amount the politicians of ail parties and grades,-»>*:#E*I<%.,«N«f|in presence of the visiting physicians and sor- about ncminating a pure candidate for Gover Tossday. that ^•Wmblafs, Ottlftmmmf' JewAll of this looks very well on the face of it active and ana. Wheat was No one who has the least particle of StateprideIt was no more thanrightthat the power which the Corporation has so wantonly abused shouldthat theyfigureup nearly as follows:— column document but a little fellow, rattledoffonnalf a sheet of foolscap. It is brief, but 30,009 to battle. This time the Governor takes thefield to fight not to get out ef the Union, but * to stay in. He ojomes up, however,ss a democratic chieftain rather late fat She slay. So far as the Southern democracy,ment Is one of serious complications, and the oter affairs at Albany that it matters but little can make on grand occasions; and, withoutaccounts from every capital on that Continent come to us filled with anxious forebodings.to them whether the Governor is for or against doubt, a ball in honor of so gallant a cavalier them. A veto Is of no account whatever. It is as the Prince has shown himself to be in hislike reminding them of a good joke to speak of a probable veto.provincial atjwr, will bring out all that there it lovely in the drawing rooms of our city, as well as tbe fairest flowers from the crinolinethe members of the Corporation should for once s e t dress and generally deport them- selves like Christian gentlemen. Now, it takes aTut FOOIXSH Fuss ABOUT THE TAMMANT AKD MOZ-VBT FACTIONS AT STTUCCTE.—The admissionllllll>' •V-"• ••—•5tS2kMSaF*la*?^2 collect the rent due from tenants of West Washing- every direction we hear the cry that some per- priety of making arrangeinente for toe reception eager ally. Lot his reception in taw SnJTM*geoBA. not, to succeed the present incumbent. From purpose of taking fete consideration the pro- The city authorities made aa effort yesterday toton Market The dues were collected from about son must be nominated for that office who trill of the heir apparent to the British throne, a third of the tenants, the remainder asking a de- have the moral courage to put his foot upon the appointed a general committee, in which body lay in order to obtain legal advice. plundering schemes of the Iiegislatare, and the the city of New York is fairly represented bymarket continued Ira yesterday, and to* vultures that annually fatten In the Albany the men who have taken the most prominent about £.000 Imles,closing am oathe lobby. Ourrepublicanexchangesfromthein- partin raising this commercial metropolistoquotations given In another column. Among re WsaaawloM some purchase* have bam mads oaSoothtrn account, or to some Southerner* who have faith la the prospects or a materially Mmtotowd crop com pared with that of last year. Owing to the character ofParana's new*, received via St. Johns, New- than v a a reaction tn breadstuff*, and the of to* preceding day *a*asni*oly sub-States be a warning to the absolutists, ami a } cudweed and Seward have roasofl to be Afraid comfort to the friends of free government where-what does It ail amount to? Practically no- of constitutional liberty, no matter from thing. The democratic party has gone to whence they might come. As a matter ofpieces, it is dead and done for, dead as the old course, tbe Continental Powers, despotic, to a that dissolution of this confederation once be- Life hate no more real life in them than the tility this tight little Island, the ever ready asy-the San Jean qubettoa. marttaled.at BedfordIt a prostate be wUi be ifor * abortevery State had parted from all its fellows,dous conflict, wherein all the despotic Powerswill be united against England, with a view todestroy Its prestige and reduce It to the grade isuponus.FromthedebrisoftheoldwhigofadependentState.InsuchcasetheBritish Untjl,then,therefasometangibleevidenceSMSOrd MacfcaBana been egiaitaiiatauef Qnrk in Fourth Auditor* otto*, vice Mr. Hunter ram*ted.Ajfasmoux oa arsanv*.Boa. C Oast, of lasTats, a ia town, aa bnaiaamthe National Republican Ooonmittae!>ewa from 11avKswOaiaASB, Sagust l*,lmore positive shape, and It is more than proba- and not as we would have them to be. Tam- ble that Europe is on the verge of s tremen-many and Mozart Halls are practically exploded institutions, and the Albany Regency hi rottingupon its own dunghill.A new order of thingsassuming that Lincoln will be elected in this present contest.blood or kin, but we would pray for the suc- cess of the British arms in s political point of view, for it Is In England. atone, so fardent will not Interfere in any manner with the decision of the Commissioners.OnvAunn WBBB TEM.INI.MORK TALKS OF SCHOOL,—The Chevalier Webb fa not man to keep the secrete of his political or to hide his light underabushel, the awful sacrifice of his particular idol. st Chicago, the Chevalier has stuck like s brother, and pumped out of himFull returna from all UtecounMea in the State g i w B i * , to* democratic candidate tot vovenor, SAS0 snajertty ficiaily announced through the Courier that all over Pool, th* opjosltlaa candidate. The saVkl reportBut why should the Union men of tbe Northpermit his election when they can defeat him? as the European governments are concerned,The ijuUer City, from New York, arnva* at Havana na the lit*.TheahhiStaghouad bad arrlvad at Banna wtth St*Theaat*jm*rketwaaftnn.a»8' reaSrorNo U Bt- port<ofthewa*,W^boxm;atock,»Ii.O»boM*Sterling etobaag*. M a MK premium; exchange oa New York, IX a SVNorth Caroliaa K1r<tto - WtunaavoB, Angast 11, IBB).solid combination against our agitating aboli- tion disuntonista of this section? A common electoral ticket, upon the baste of a division of the electoral vote among the parties concerned, according to the proportion of each in the po- pular vote, will do the work. And upon thisguage, and our social habits and manners assi- milate to a great degree with thossfof the Eng- lish people. Their blood to our blood; their interests are our interests. "' [ IUnder all these circumstances the visit of the immediate representative of the British mo- narchy—the descendant of a lino of kings who reigned over our ancestors during se ven hun- dred years—is an event of the highest social and political aignficsnee: we might almost bejustified in giving it s degree of religious so- lemnity. AstheyoungPrincejourneysthrough this prosperous republic—as he views the evi- dences of our material progress andItems of information. Thus it fa semi-of•ty, the world should be made to toough we r*o longerhis fantilj: taTwirJed the remotest idea that the admission of the dom. of constitutional governnMWo«| delegates would amount to anythin* * ^IJmhtaStgnes.to prevent Sewsays the Cheva- the candidates for the Legislature. See axe the right men, so that if str.Se- ihould decline a re-election, his may have the game In theirGerman nation. From this lesson which theolder Continent is now reading to us wo may Dean Richmond, Petat> Oa«sr <*oor Peter* power in the land, yet weUntitled DocumentAUGUST17,1880.the front rank among the great marts of trade in the civilized world. The movement la a most proper one. For years the name antTBI MVSTKBT Of « l jATAVStt 8oi.tsn.4fThe taxpayers of the city have much oxeroisod by the very isrge sum of mo- ney—more than a hundred thousand dollars- expended on account Of the Japanese recep-terior and western portion of the State are filledwith appeals for the re-nomination of GovernorMorgan, for no other reason than that hs vetoedthe city railroads and other fat jobs of the last fame of the city has been disgraced by "Recep- tion, and there has been a general call for the That famous son ef chivalry, Governor Wfae,. Legislature.It€DQ—-IS,000 SBppWSf tot f 3 . . M * • • • • » « • • • •••wo*active,withthetunofthemarketinfavorof abouthimquestionstheproprietyofhatingaberesumedbythepeople,andthatwoIiem—lJOSbottlesofchampagne,atS360.....80,000 itfathetrumpetcharge,callingupthechivalryOwn receipts were larger and the market heavy. Hales of Weotern mixed were made at 62s. a « K c . Perk was ireaet, with sate* of sow mean at 019 » a SIB 31; and of new prime at SHa 114121,'. Sugars were, with more Inquiry, sad with rather more tone in embraced about 1,300 hhas. and 1,100 bones, at rates given in another place. Coffee wasperson in the gubernatorial chair who will re- sist, with every legal step In his power, all at- tempts to plunder the State, which has become so characteristic of Albany; but from the trans- actions of the last remarkable gathering thatshould take into our own hands the privi- Itaca awHijat to*lto)hsssyftoMeayw,riiasss and all, S3,COO per day. •••••firmly held, while sates were moderate. Freights occupied the Legislative hall at Albany forfstei.il. ,of civic hospitality, but we must take Into ac-lege of spending our own money in tor own way. The committee of citizens hays gone to work in a businesslike way, sanding, to tbefirstplace, a delegation to meet the Prince, and appointing sub-committees to do the routine work in the meantime. At pre* sent,itispurposedthatsbanquetonlyshallbe given: but it will be proper, also, to make ar-lvem—Otherexpense*,sogers,Ax ••••••••••••*•In the midst of peace, for the maintenance ofwhich all profess the most ardent desire, pre-parations on an immense scale for war areeverywhere seen. England arms ber middle bernatorial nomination looks to us as one of the gardens in the rural districts.classes and her coasts; France endeavors to dodges of tbe legislative jobbing band to divert All this should be done, with the co-opera-remedy the defect! and perfect the organization attention, whilst they secretly secure tbe nomi- tion of the Mayor, but altogether distinct fromof her army and navy; the arsenals of Spain nation and election to the Legislature of members the Corporation. The committee of citizens precisely the esse with our Aldermen. They country. As it fa s notorious foot that the ef- exhibit an unwonted activity, and an exhausted that will tote as they desire them to upon all will receive the Prince as a gentleman—social- were called upon to make gentlemen of them- feet of Dr. Cbeever's course has been to impo- treasury is strained to its utmost for the con- questions, regardless of vetoes, as they did last ly there is no higher title than that—and will •selves at S moment's notice, and as it was on verish the treasury ef the Church of the Puri-Tbe hue and cry raised just now about the gu-M*The Douglas Democratic State Convention closed struction of steamers abroad; Austria u pour- winter. One year ago the city railroad opera- carefully guard him from Aldermanic or other account of the city that the painful process tans—once among the richest in the city—H faItstaborsyesterday,afterhavingformedaaelec-ingimmensequantitiesofarmsandequipmentstorshadtheiragentaindifferentpartsofthecontamination.AsfortheBritishresidents,theywastobisgonethroughwith,theyundoubtedlymorethanprobablethathefalookingoutforattoral ticket acceptable to the Bell-Everett Union into her remaining Italian possessions; the Ger- State, selecting their men, and securing the will do well to remember that our lineage, our resolted that it was no more than right that thejob on the other aide of the Atlantic. It is to be sincerely hoped that the brethren there will give hfat so loud s call that he will be induced to remain in a locality so congenial to Ids 1 The country can spare severallights. as well ss the Bet. George B. Cbeever andstill manage to keep the market of fanati-men of the State. The proceedings of the Con- man Confederation is in a fever of war supply; election of those that would suit their pur-blood and our interests are one and the same; and, so remembering, join heartily in the move- ment inaugurated so auspiciously on Tuesday.The importance of this movement can hardly | e overrated. It is a popular demonstration bypay the bills. So they arrayed in broadcloth and fine linen; they resplendent in white hats and patent and kid gloves. Then, to keep up of their new r#e, they were obligedvention will be found elsewhere.A letter from Mr. Breckinridge is reported tohave bee* reeshad by *bs chsinnaa of ma l a wridge sad Lane National Executive Committee at her conscripts, and putting her army WMhmgten of snch a character as to warrant that on the footing of hundreds of thousands, gemtteaaea ia oovMraaYetiag reports of Mr. Brechin- aa though she anticipated some com-ridge's wish to deelme thein a mutual plundering crusade. Party test orparty pride was no barrier to a close and inti- the solid men of the youngest among the great to dine and wine their constituents to an un-*•%. %^ J I *__^\i . ~"JWr TwHiSP^^ Wdemmaiast ^asam>Jrfto**# ^^•^py^^'am*swell. pence this bill, which fa undoubtedlyim^aa*^anana*nB emnaai— ^ j u ^ ^ ^•Wa^aaoithat during the session of that memorable bodyheavy;of the Aldermen, it was well laid outThey say in England that it takes two genera- tions to make a gentleman, but on the other aide of the Atlantic they sre behind the ago, and we may be able to teach them how to makeIds as well as to saw lumber by steam. We are aware that it is a costly experiment and. like the Great Eastern, the regeneration of themay not pay after all; but let us give them s chance. However, ss the expense has been incurred, as we hate another Princecominglair Virginia—separated themselves from themother country, and our ancestors proceeded tothe construction of the ires system of govern •ment under which it is our happiness si pre-;senttodwell. It is only a little msre than twocenturies since thefirstEnglishman placed hisfoot on tbe soil of the Old Dominion, There-public itself is but eighty-four years of age,and now the States stand foremost among thenations. The sturdy child rivals the parent inthe material elements of power. Columbiadisputes with Britannia the supremacy of theseas. Injevery port, all around the globe, thestars and stripes arefotermingledIn ail frater-nity with the red cross banner of St. George.Intradeandcommerce,inliterature,manufac- LongagohereceivedtoeflatteringsoubriquetofRussia loses not a single moment to garner war pose. Men of all parties united In this work;the result was a combination of men In theLegislature, members of ail political parties,that marched side by side, and voted togethermaterial, and Piedmont is calling outing event far more important than acontest with the foolish King Bomba, or a con-flict with the worn out temporalities of thePapacy. These movements are accompanied operators were hanging about the hall, show-ing the list of members whose nomination and election they had the special supervision, and upon those lists calculated their position under a veto, and were in a position to defy the Go- vernor.In view of these facts it is highly important that some little attention is paid to the selec- tion of candidates for Assembly, to bo elected in November next The events of the last ses- sion show conclusively that it is the Legisla- ture, and not the Governor, that needs looking after. If the public wish to prevent an- other legislative disgrace like that of lasttolerably well supplied.ta reply to thai 1I t e Ooblastto the President * also Mr. Cobb. ItA^BandH.TairSreguaent artJiary,of Major Andrewa. war* ordered JaiyStoprato join Major Stsea*Lakavaney.Aeqnadronof the First regu Drag«***,<essmssiofMajorGrtar,wanaa*orSer**transWai*. Walla to proceed to Sfassy tabs vaBrv, na IWrt BsM* wtth Ma.«v Stoea, nader njaorOara,ad n iiimau m aai^iartaaOne company of tafanlrr and a ptatooa of oragooa* art ordered from Port Kearney to toe Pawnee Renti w,a> amtact the Indians from attarta of Sfenx,,are to a* aspect toaa* of Usstoaist Commander abercrcmSte. Sx ear-vicoageinM Indiana in that quarter OSMDUA PABXrr.General Harney, in oatnnliaam arShmore tana two anaatbn ago. resorted t.atari! m i U>e Secretary of War ta-day. He waareUeradlmate union upon all piratical jobs. It is said cities of the world to salute the representative limited! extent and generally to cut a greatof one of the oldest and most powerful Europeangovernments.royal standard of Albion hasfloatedin proud supremacy over the palaces of the line of mo- narch* now represented by Victoria. Our an- cestors helped to conquer the magnificent colo- nies through which Albert Edward is now mak- ing his triumphal tour. Thefishermenof Mar- blebead, the farmers of Massachusetts and Now York, fought against the chivalry of France at Louisburg and Quebec. Yankee blood was poured out like water on the Plains of Abra- ham, and Yankee voices mingled in the cheers which were wafted on victory's wings to the gallant Wolfe, who fell in victory's arms. In good time, however, these colonies- busy New York, stem New England andFor nearly a thousand years thethat we can discern anything like recognition of the natural and' inalienable righto ol man. Tbe governments of England and the United States are different only In form, essentiallysoever they may be dispersed.• niw-nn n 'i • —"~of aim*. Let the people look well to the tsrious candidatesfortheI*faietore, and wben thef mtmmmw msssw smwwsmmmmi uatw u i w i s u n touching Iks lobby affinities of this or that Sewsard mas letH e l lisfbLag.Vito Oatf•BSWL-.I:few York ffleurdi••a, teaIs SStamFoe asSMOPSBABleiMaw* ottomaition CommitteesM of the Common Council, and items of this extensive bilL We understand has just issued another manifesto, not a fortyLeUndtbillUrs.se> I I I I O I M M>•••••sssssss amsss gsma ngvtmi moss* vuswttaavstt lag the hitherto lstjp#1 Now,thisfasprettyheavybillfortendays concerned,thehemesfas.,_*?" <andlost They hsve destroyed themselves is count the fact that the Japanese Embassy was toe very councils of war intended for themore money the operation costs. That was United States, the reverend gentleman's 1mWSA W mm • • • * * a A H r U v I A V^^^AA T mmMm&^mm* mt A*Wil^*• ^ K ^ 2 : Ttodectstaadfaguated, and the Chevalier Webb,GOVXRNOR WOK LAVXCHIXQ CTT AGAIN.—•• TheiCharities and Co*mmv «mmj mmmvmw, tvuiiuP^L*Jg, tbe grand landmarks cf liberty, sethoma309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Ts M. Tryniskiwww.fultonhistory.com" 1 