 A'*"'xL/rnXm. Hltii\^y"-1-^.kj^-jtt |t0 Befors the passing of tills 1*7* M «inpossihlo to bring the criminal to. the $eilowA Hereafter we do aot expect another man wi11 be hung in this State, unless that stupid enact- I* Swm& r^mfs2TZSVX?2&*A:"ftjr— •»•»•»»••"ffWf.iSWSSSB^BW MJfrom the time thai Albert W. Hicks, the pinto and triple-dyed"•"MSWwaumWWMftWiIftheyUrns, Captain Burr and Www, on board the ment should be wiped from the stoiuto book. g o « h t ^ » ^ J » « W c h theyhtve beenwt* anommfntHew Tee*, •ntwetey, J«ljr l*, laeo.Tombs awaiting trial, which, beyond tore, will result in conviction.March, was beset by an armed band of seventeen men, determined on hi* destruction. The Begent received several wounds, but wasfinallyrescued horn his perilous situation. Several of the assafl.greeted, some bad disembowelled , and there was little probability of theon their own party, pure and simple. Now, the republican leaden know very well that without the aid of the barnburners they could never have carried the local or Congressional elec- tions in this State, and mat without the anti Le-enacted by Congress. The crime having beencommitted on the high seas, within the jurfadic may not be open to objection. The Mayor,idea of a constitutional monarchy, such as it is supposed might he created, composed of numerous semi-independentdome or vice-royalties, under theregiments paused the Washington statue without demonstration of any kind, onnopiing the regi- ment almost entirely composed of German citi- zens. As this regiment filed by. eacht> »*•.Dene t*Xtd?UUCU aho bWetjr MVmW. ImrnW^ an^musr^ 4btftfmsBBsBsB\_ nesi^newn^Bnwpof the remainder. Whether this attack was compton democrats they could not have chosenOn commencement of a civil war for the succes- Pennington as Speaker, and secured the spoils sion, or owed its origin to other causes, is left to pendant to the control of the House. Shorn of conjecture. The Japanese government, however, all this external aid, which was not only veryit to the discontent of disbanded soldiers valuable per se, but of the greatest importance in giving their organization a more liberal andThe steamship Vaadetbflt is due at this port with national aspect than it had hitherto worn, the European new* to the elk inst., three days later republican organization has to come down now than the adrieee received by the Arabia. Hsensa, to its former footing an a notions minority, the pugffiat, is expected i s strive In the Vander-without a vital issue or a living principle upontion of the United States government,. the ease was tried in a federal court, and hence the speedy and satisfactory result In these courts there is pot the same facility of appeal as incur State courts, and there is but one Court of Ap- peals instead of two or three.. Had Hicks been brought to trial in one of the State courts, which the counsel for the defence labored hard to accomplish, the chances are ten to one that he would never have been punished. The gene-ral Incompetence of judges, their leaning to the ride of the criminal, the tricks and quibbles of unprincipled lawyersJurors who make them-as,chief magistrate of the city, wHl of courseoffer his Royal Highness such hospitalities ashis position demands. That he will dischargefat a fitting and dignified manner his' duties as plan, it Is believed, would be very attractive to American boys, like their fathers, arehost, and that he will convey, to his guest an the Sclavonic nations of Europe, but how it rent—perhaps a tittle more so. Weagreeable impression of the cultivation and w ould operate among the roving Tartars, the any city of France a atone would bo thrown a t refinement of the community ef which he u the Mahometans and the Buddhist nations, now sub- a statue of Henry 17. or Napateon L; bod head, we are fully persuaded. Whatever Mayor ject to the rule of the Cxar, is extremely mis has been a frequent occurrence, in the ab-at vMo \c-.1«nft#tointeriorthis State wind as toare shiver- which theyJain consigned by Urn to the portion of our citizens feel naturally desirous palmy days of the Roman empire. The pro- deep, beyond human roach, and where their that he stall derive his impressions of republi- cess of its growth has been one of conquest,z.OOO bvB. Dov, to Urvrpow, at at 3d.A mmtary deepotiem of me *&fa^ete fate as cooBy sar»a womtin dew, 1st in its form of gwveraaanna, nhmnjaof theMile Thegnat awa DOXitiODvnrv ntenne? .very Bwoognf the .ruralthis question is not, however, impor-death wounds could not testify against him. Tot his own sin found him out, and for thelaw of its poUcy. As nation after nation hasThe editors and orators are a good dealminal where there is a peg to hang the slight- forenoon, on Bedloe'e bland. The enlprit made wherein Weed tolls the republicans not to be est doubt upon. The point was that in a caseorganizations. In whatever arrangements are made to do honor to our young visiter, we must determinedly set our faces against any plan which will bring the members of the two boards prominently upon the scene. The most theypire domestic evils were overlooked; but aathe scene of Asiatic war removed to the distantregions of the Amoer, and the policy of West- at the discretion of the Executive, we expect ern Europe showed itself determined to defeat to hear of a considerable augmentation ia-th* the designs of Russia in Turkey, domestic ques- number of murders. Compared to the gnt*-(trad the extreme penalty of the law yesterday norasters*at the gallows, bat quietly and firmlybrious article in the Albany Evening Journal, lulled into a false sense of security by the dis-sentence, and th«j hanged or imprisoned t<nUCs>Tbe steamship Philadelphia, Capt. Baxter; from which to rally new recruiu in plane of thoseHavana 8th mas., arrived at this port yesterday who have gone over to Mr. Douglas' banner.afternoon. The Fourth wan celebrated at the On the whole, the split hi the democratic par- selves convenient, and the progress of corrup-in this city better qualified to play the part ex- sination," and its system of internal administra- the famous Trojan home was not the only ition which is tainting the stream ef justice 00 gsmmlPsiOof importance. cans wonderfully, nmjv1* rigblfy ttsed^ turn at it* source, have tit combined to renderwhat the Mayor may think it right to do in his official capacity, we are of opinion that a ban- quet tendered to the Prince from the great body of our merchants would prove acceptable to him. and night be made quite a brilliant affair. The matter, however, should be entrusted to the management of a committee of gentlemen in whom the public have confidence; otherwise it might degenerate into anothersuch sceneofthe late Emperor Nicholas has been known toexclaim that he could find but one honest manin the government, and he was the Czar. Sucha state of things cannot last for any long pe-riod of time, in aa age when so many opposingelements ass at work as in the present century.But how it is to be Tpmedmd has been the puz-ele ef more Emperors than Nlchotonr -The po-liticalImpulseoftheage1s towards anaban-, with all the honor*. 1 There is ty, which seemed at first to help the republi-rfn art Jft, recrip^ of lateriberal cause is looking hapfienn^rtitodemoerany. The Northern Bal-trials^ Oapltol ofiencw atso many farces in this city, where murder with impunity is the rule, and punishment the exception. In the first place, the criminal very frequently escapes without arrest, owing to tile inefficiency of a police force which costs more than anyOrtega having severely thrashed " V T f Qf 'sBmmsmmn^nwt ts^snw wm- 'mmsn^smmnuW mvjt^nn^smsm^p a tamhec of pri*#ne«: axtulcry and a -off war material. Mammon himself, aftertimore platform will draw offwhich were given to Fremont i n i w « ,more than^prubablo |kat Xtacolh witt Stand^^TMa>w a^s* .^s^^^w ^pAfl^sv ^ " '..J^^^r ,jP^^^ .ue"^^wip • ^^^^^^^Hfc ^^s*^^^^ w w » » f * a1 iendeavoredtodrawhieenemyintotheopen second in the poll in that State. It1other in the world. - Walton and Mathews were rowdyism and vulgarity as the Japanese ballfield,toreported to have retreated, to Guadslajai a, is quite impossible that there should be ^aoaalfitih^byadeUchaientofhDefals. The a political revolution/ and that onli concentrating, and another attack upon party should be injured by i t Themay be expected. General Uragais between the democrats and the republicans is sate to be very weak. Mlramoa has refused to ex- simply that the former have an open war, whilein the ranks of the Utter'there is sullen calm,betweea Flora Temple and indifference and absolute treason or open dis-George M. Pntehea baa just been arranged, to affection. As matters stand now, the republi- come on* at the Point Breese course, Philadelphia, cans may be cut to pieces by the Douglas de-on Tburadsy, the 1Mb inst., mile beats, best threein live, to heraeas. This match will, doubtless, mocracy in the North, and the election thrown create interne interest among sporting circles. into the House, in which case the issue wouldAt a special meeting of the liquor Dealers' As- be doubtful. On the whole, wo should not be eortattoa of the city and county of New York, held greatly surprised to see Joe Lone chosen t s the Instevening,ttwasunanimouslyresolvednotto nextPresidentoftheUnitedStates.comply •nhsha peasant licensing law, on accountmurdered on the same night by the same hand, fr^jtop|,h|)pi'»air^|ssn,sm|jssiihj in the meat frequented thoroughfares, and at an hour when the streets are foil of people. Tot the murderer escaped. The vigilant, active offi- cers, who ere so zealous in their forays against candy shops and lager bier saloons on Sun- days, were nowhere to be found when thispresented. If the suggestion be taken up In time and properly acted upon, we believe that an entertainment can be got up which will rival In magnificence and effect any of the costly banquets which the imperial cities of Europe are in the habit of offering to their royaldonment of the old ideas of small nationalities,and a tendency to large' confederacies. Thia U and guard them with vigilance. As aa illustra-of its arbitrary and saeonstrtaUooal character. Themembers of the association have taken legal ad-rice on the subject, and are determined to adhere good deal of mystery still hongs over the at- the mot, as was the case of Cancemi, the odds to men peasant course. Farther action will be tempted assassination of the Go-tai-ro, or Re-taken St the regular monthly meeting of the asso- gent, of Japan. We give to-day the details ofa domestic nature can command the supreme attention of the Emperor and the nation.ciation on Monday evening next, the 16th instVesterdaytheexcitementamongtonliquordeal- sentativeinJapan,whichleavenodoubtoftheers, an the subject of taking out licenses, continued met that a desperate attempt was made by >d. Mr. Haskefs office was thronged all seventeen armed men on the life of thei the day, and the number of applications re - eetved was a© grant, and the Oanmatesmntas of Ex-Begent, but with what motive it is hard tobeing well aware the President of the United States cannot order a gun to be fired by one of our ships of war without the previous consent ol Congress, and that Congress has sunk to tan low a rule of action to take an honorablecart so eceapJed in examining them, that tfane to say, • One theory is that It wan the result conns tham eeatd not be spared. They are " of a feud between the faction of the Begentck than the lawl«neaa of a band of It -onwensntitot now antes and draw- "aMsumaithatto the foreign re-ftfinntlng I)IIII, sundering 170 young ladies puesntatrvsf t& mm-Mfmm^ government. Veil gjUmsnv Axgndprtatc sddresata were If this ammis^antnfagiiek Ibr some ulteriorcertainty of punishment which reader the law a terror to evil doers. Bat daisy and uncer- tainty are its characteristics in New York, and hence crime b increasing in our midst A new and ingenious device was adopted by the lastem balance of power against Lincoln* and this • '-lisp conduct of these Phuadelphians was his friends can only do by co-operation withmal School took place last evening in the Academy f!Cn.c.u1*eprwmnte . U v u l a r *only paralleled by that Of the English sporting men at the groat Bayers and Heenan battle. We do not know which was the more disgrace-f ful scene; but this Philadelphia^ affair, coming right on the heels of the outrage tome Japan- ese, fixes upon the right-angled city an oppro- brium which tt will require some yearn ofthe friends ef Breckinridge and Bell. If Mr. Silas Seymour cannot comprehend this fact, be is an ignoramus In politics who ought to keep quiet; ii he does comprehend it, he should speak' accordingly. The mere cup-trap of confidence and enthusiasm, without anything to show for it, is good for nothing, and goes fot nothing.•ted i S * * * . Gorsed nadCity Soperintend- iwMssntchaagtatpries;afterall.Legislature to greatly Increase crime and fan- puntty. Henceforth criminals convicted of murder cannot be executed till a Untiyear hatTWK AWACT.V ON TBS RtORXT 09'SATkM.—AIf an assassin is arrested, and even caught inthe attack, as furnished by the English repre-however, m he about one hundred and fifty, or and mat of the Prmce Mito whose houses-^nmnesw*f^sV WgHlinsF en4*tl> ^ MA*l4«sngUx^ IpsVV ^^y punishment as ever. Bills of exception,new thatoneof theracers,againstwhom theyhad\ Im..tmhamt Asmom A|latv>k U HI i i s n i l of a eivfl *&Mfrtrials, appeals from court to court, delay thecase for years, till the public have forgotten allabout the criminal and his crime, and if (whichis very unlikely} he should be executed at last] hate and caps at his head, and effectually and net pardoMd-hy the Governor, tint value1bat the -snecesaioa ofj^reoon-, watte; On the other haai, the gnoimiiml helitpu, ^>a|sot se believe,is perfectly absurd to talk of the election, tillstime, of touglae, Breckkvjdgn or Bell, by thepeople. All they ptjj f e X g i defeat Lincolnby carrying the elec!tJe5fl»H»ngrem; and todo this aU the parties oppdled to Lincoln mustplay]info each other's hands. Mr. Seymourtalks sheer nonsense when he talks of electingMr. Douglas by the popular vote. He will be most atrocious and unjustifiable acts.that theoutragewas committedby a fewscared and balked nV> anfanaL They wereof alarm and preparation u in Jeddo would lead usof the example is lost to the community. The stern mannerfatwhich justice Isadministered in the neighboring State of New Jersey ought tothus enabled to pocket the stakes; but the race sienna where such an outrage was tolerated, and the city which nurtured such gentlemen, will hardly derive much lustre from the oo-The whole course of the Peruvian govern- ment towaids eux eUsnenn hi* fcenn a series of141. UbJA *murderer, put to death bU unsuspecting viewrapped in naacoonniabU have ao frequentlyr**eSJB^p|^S S0> ^SIjS V^SXMBaaW^fP^p ''^^S^L JJPflPJSgtilW^r^S^SW^^BJP;: • J^TP"; • WTM VBJpeltry dollars in their possession and the clothes sad other property which theyParedtheid sVpVwUhwUr^t will! BUI **Aas5 UlvvUJ fvVisit sulu lu ilCIt wi Vuo .W^PnJ craOftThe sympathy with criminals in our Legislature Is very remarkable. It springs from the fact that so many of the members owe their seats to this class of men, and that some of them are cri- minals themselves, who ought to be in the State prison, if not swinging from the same gibbet as Uickfi.9Wduring the last few years.police, as ever before, hav* so far failed to findT—rHichn hsH coooladedtbwt as there tree no witness of the bloody business, and the dead bodies could not be found, he would escape theto have been made by theof murder the dead body must be found, or there must bo 0 witness of the death, leaving no doubt that the corpus delicti, as it is called,•fe 1Wlsarl — ! bing justice of her Z* ** oomemtape OV <5f«0Tiji"»:iv* mTat MpebKhC^JWhi».T-Wlthin thepnot fern*SnctFYfosr or mmates est that dismal night of the 21st el YOBX—The approaching visit of the Prince ofWhtehhr defiled with the blood of his ship-Pawcnor Wains or NewMarch. If any circumstance could add to the Wales to our city is occupying more of the ,«»**., ia anguish of the criminal in his last moments it serious attention of the public than any similar»^s^e sew wj^m- Ii a marketlatlld.tt!Wwlm.tBpl tte^AAwolisTwllaemodhiserimeamithe1metropolistotheJapanese.Therespectablethanhasbeenwitnessedfattheworldsincethemoot have been the ahjht of snot stoop, which,; event within our recollection. The strongest SeatotheFroj^Ooen^flrnmsJolalsWtetmnHmsmVfendnsaTA Wwish, her colors flying triumphant over him, seemed a thing of kfc—an avenging angel of justice, winged and swift No eye but that ofanxiety is manifested lest, by any unhappy ac- cident, be should fall into the hands of the Gogs and Magogs who did .the honors of thePacific, covering n grantor extent of contigu- ous territory than any other Power, and com- prising a greater variety of nations and racesfact is, also, thatbad as it la, lone ain waiting for the offer ft* athe opportunity fev the criminal to cover tracks. - stmThe only hope that wv can noo detection Of the nrnretefer,t»mV identification of the wetBjnn ' # * *can Institutions, and of our social conditiongenerally, from some fairer source than that ofdeed which he performed hi secret and in corporate associations. They are not willing that been brought, by force of arms, into obedienceof hto men who daily disgrace themselves by their to the Wh|te Cxar, the necessity has arisen of life, in the sight of the inn, «ad in the midst ofreetjCTwd himself to his feu?. He was attended inha last moment* by Father Duranquet, to whom itit eusfOMidho made a more faff confession of his nise and work. Don't take things for granted- has been really committed. To obviate this can be permitted to do, to give evidence of tions fotced themselves upon the consideration lows, the prison has few terrors to the eriminadV guilt man that heretofore published. The execn- Nothing is to bo taken for granted in politics. difficulty, the District Attorney decided not to their corporate entity, is to present an address, of the government and to-day they are ap- of whatever grade he may be. If riobv tienwaspontic,andwaswitnessed byfolly10,000person*, who surrounded the inland in steamboats,And the fact is that the republicans have not try Hicks for the murders, but for piracy, which and that only under the condition that they get gone into the campaign with anything like the robbery by violence on the high seas is defined some decent, well washed and ordinarily lite-proaching a crisis. The letter of our St. Peters- he trusts to the law's delay. If poor, burg correspondent, published elsewhere in oar he 1ms the hope of Executive cle- columnsthismorning,presentsacuriousand mency, which assy be stisaavUted byJohnson, on board of whkh the murder* were weeks after Colonel Fremont received the Phila- would be the same as if he were convicted of coaaaatWed. was also in atteadaaee, with herbarge* Posting gaily in the breeze. She was delphia nomination, there was a Rooky Moun- the killing. Of the piracy there could be noanchoredafewhnniradfeet from shore,andwas tainClubineveryimportant town andvillage doubt,andhewasspeedilyfoundguilty.In consulting, however, the necessity of keep- an instructive view of the changes that are ac- political influence, more or toss ofin the Northern and Central States. The young Of his perpetration of the murders there was we must not lose sight of the fact that we have empire. The emancipation of the serfs had ia a remarkably orderly manner, considering the men, many of them formerly democrats, worked also little doubt in the minds of the community; yet to mark our sense of the honor become a great political necessity, and as thiscrowded wab spectators. Everything passed offcharacter of the assemblage, sod the excitement for Fremont like beavers. They are doing no-and if any did exist, it has been removed by hisconferred upon us by the Prince's visit by a demonstration of some hind. Theis approaching to completion, it ia the nobles Into new demands in their ehalf. They claim that the internal ad- on of the empire shall be reorganised,ajsnadsng the event. A full and graphic account of tfce afltir is girea ia this moraieg's HKKALS.thing for Lincoln. The Seward men said atowtt confession, made when be became convincedChicago,'-You have nominated your man, now that there was no hope for him in this world. delicacy that we feel in dealing with theVesterday was a gala day a* the camp of the let us see you elect him. Wo will not raise a But the manner in which he turned this to ac- matter might otherwise be construed into in-Seventh regiment oa Ssaten island. Crowds of hand or spend a dollar In his behalf." Those count shows that his confession did not spring difference in reference to i t We would sug- and the local authority placed in the hands ofvisiters, a large proportion of them ladies, arrived at are two items. Then we have the opposition to from penitence, but from a desire to make gest, as one of the most appropriate and most locally elected magistrates. This involves atheencampmentbyeverytrain,anditiaestimatedLincolnbytheultrarepublicans,ledbymoneyoutofit(therulingpassionwasstronginterestingtoouryoungvisiter,fatviewofthecompleterevolutioninthesystemofgovern-that at least ten thousand spectators witnessed the Wendell Phillips, and the deflection of largeevolutions of the soldiers and partook of the ho«pi-ulrues of the corps. The day dosed with a ball numbers of the barnburners, or free soil de- and a bruSant illumination of the camp grounds. mocracy, of this State, who have acted with theA description of the scenes, incidents and festivities republican party during the Inst five years. is givea in another column The camp will break Again, wo find their more recent recruits, the op this morning, and the regiment will arrive in anti-Leeompton democrats—the men in Penn- town aboat noon, when they will be received by sylvania, New York and New Jersey, led by the Eighth regiment, and escorted to their quarters. Hickman, Adrian and Haakin—have separatedAmong the late foreign extracts to be found inour columns this morning, is one giving a detailed themselves from the republicans, and will go account of the attempted asaaxdnation of Prince Go- with the free soil democracy for Douglas. The tai-ro, Regent of Japan, who, it appears, while on rump of the American party sticks to Bell andhas way to tt> palace of the Tycoon on the 34th of Everett, and so the republicans have to rely up-recent efforts to establish a similar organization In his own country, a grand review by the Go-ment, in Russia, and forms one of the most per-in death), and perhaps a desire also to makehimself famous after death—another CaptainKidd—the only solution which can be given of ; vernor and military authorities of our volun- of that empire.the motive of his lying account of the perpetra- teer militia. He would thus be the better en-Washington Monument on Union square. It ia tion of "one hundred murders." Such extreme abled to appreciate the fact that the true It is admitted that fa* the selection of the customary in European attiea,and appalling depravity argues a great defi- strength of a country Use not in its standing local magistrates is committed fat any form to spect is paid by the people to ciency of intellect, and a lamentable want of army or in its navy, but in the patriotic zeal the people, these, under the influence of past monuments, to station a guard ofeducation.The old adage that "murder will out" seemedand military education of the masses. This is education and present ideas, would choose them. The statue of Washington, tlto have loot its meaning in New York. This convictions of the young Prince, an importantcase has done much to vindicate its general influence on the future security and welfare of truth. But it must be borne in mind that Hicks his country.wen not convicted under our State laws, but in In regard to the other arrangements that are the United States Courts, under the federal laws advisable, under the peculiar circumstances ofAmericans, with all their patriotism and love e fare greatly against his punishment IS the District Attorney thinks proper to bring bun to trial, and if, wearied out with imprisonment, the criminal does not execute justice on himself, likeMacdonald,ajuryisempannelled,everyone of whom mast be so ignorant that he does not read newspapers, and has not so much intellect as enables him to form an opinion. The chances of conviction are amaU. But if the accused should be convicted, he is about as far fromHON. SILAS SETMOOR'S VIEWS OF ran Eux>that there was something more in put us to the blush. It is the spend and thedoing very well if he will tarn over the North-\ by constant subterfuge and tergiversation. It ia time that an end wore put to this state of things. S Congress refuses to do its duly, the national scu&nent does not and will not so re- f"M i and the President should take the respon- sibility tft ordering the commander of the Pnci* Be r^nndron to concentrate his fleet at Cailao Kid give the government of Castilla twenty-four hours to settle the affair ; if not settled in that time, to take our Minister and our reatdeet Citizens on board, and then open fire oa theassassination may wear h political complexiontled DoelapSed after sentence. In that interval howcumenta lesson that is worth a trip across the Atlanticto acquire, and it may exercise, through thetheir officers from the nobility they have so His Country, smanrean every tribute o fthis visit, it is difficult to suggest anything thatWood's failings may be, no one will accuse him of being wantingfatthemanners and bearing of a gentleman, and there is not, perhaps,, a mandoubtful. sence of any policeman, with the statue, the little ragamuffins wishing toThe present government of Bosnia has been their skill ia projectiles, and the boys from characterized as "a despotism limited by assas- the classical schools to demonstratepected of him on this occasion. Apart from tion has become so corrupt and vicious thatthat had a hollow receptacle within. With n little vigil-..ace m the part ef tho police irities, these evils will soon be corrected.are the result of thoughtlessness rather viciousaeas. It is only recently that flowers hare been planted In the prblic parks, and thedifficulty of preserving them intact is daily di- minishing. The people will soon learn that statues in public places, and flowers and swnan in public parks, are their own special property,double murder wan committed byfirearms,anda cry raised after the assassin. The chances Pim.ADKi.rnu MAXKKBS AT THE RACK ledger is hardly known there. It is advancing,are that he will never be discovered. This is only a specimen of the way in which justice is baffled—one ef the thousand evidences of the insecurityoflifefatthiscommunity.COCUHK.—Small village communities are not huwever, and will bring in its train extensive often remarkable for their regard for the changes, but the territorial extension policy ofdecencies and recognized conventionalitiesoflife. Theyareveryapttobecomesome-what boorish and vulgar. Our neighborsof Philadelphia are a striking example of thistruth. Whenever they get a chance of display-ing their innate vulgarity and coarseness, theynever fell to do so. Witness the reception of TIOX.—Hon. Silas Seymour, late State En- the Japanese, when these refined Orientals gineer, and a prominent man among the Knowwards boasted of it to bis friends as a tribute paid in his person to the star-wangled banner.Oi R RKI.ATIO.VS wrra Pear.—We ".earn by tho arrival of the Panama steamer that President Castilla. of r e m , has been coerced, b y the pre- sence of a French ship of the line, into a diplo- matic settlement of the claims of Francofatbe-idacitywith wtmnenw crime may prove the beat ponathle shieldof Wales, or anytrust himself in their midst.genlife In the Waltontj still ystery, w e have tragedies whichthe publicpeltate*! mnmntir ** Bwswto^Wall «n*l m I k* iu*roiwtiosU*«n»it ia quite pTObnhlO hhat the a n d * mOne pf the moat, intricate political problems o^mn«toew|afgNss»nnhnn* The v e r y «in Eueope, and perhaps hi the wettd, is dhwpresent situation and future prospects of theRussian empire. ^ Lying in watt for hitand this very fact has given to it the un variableprofligacy, vulgarity and brutality shall as- turning the activity and energies of the con-quered people to schemes of further conquest,great metropolitan community. It U of import- fat order to divert them from the contemplation of that company's weapons farsame to aepresent, on such an occasion, thisance, besides, that our young visiter, the heir of, and resistance to, their own domestic evils. may be identified by the number: Ttt+owMbeby the present position of politicalmatters, and are utterly in the dark as to what long arm of the law. But (he plunder for to one of the greatest thrones fat the world, Hence have sprung two immense dangers which made incumbent upon venders of deadlyit oU moans. In the political revolution now which he committed the atrocious crime was shall have an opportunity of examining the do- to-day attend the Russian empire. Its domestic weapons, to keep an exact record of the names going on. they a n like the curbstone brokers of the instrument of his conviction. He fled with rr ocr;:tic element under its true aspects. Were administration has sunk into the most corrupt of their customers.Wall street in the time of a great financial re- hie booty, but was pounced upon in hie hiding he to judge of it by the conduct and language system of government practiced by any people Descending In the social scalp, w e have the vubdon-eddiea circling on the surface of tfjif place. The property was found in his posses- of aldermanic ciceroni, we fear that he would claiming to be civilized; and its vicinity is con- case of Hoffman, who encompassed the Bvei' of sistleas current, totally unable to direot or oon- sion and folly identified. return even less favorably impressed with it templated by every Power aa a standing me- a woman and her infant for a snattercf torntrol it, or even to manage their own {rati barks.The real truth about the whole matter Is, thatnewspapers, which, had the murder* been per- fhould be attended with benefit both to himself Turkey in Europe, and the trans-Caucassian petrated on land, might, when urged in court,judging of us by the types that are thrust into Albert W. Hicks, the murderer of Captain Burr other leaden know full well. Heuce the lugu- judges Interpret every law in favor of the cri- places of authority by the influence of party•id crew off the oyster sloop E. A. Johaeoa, enf-tracted condition of the democracy. Weed says,in effect, wake up, or yon will be beaten; orga-aaOmgvesselsandsmallboats. ThesloopR.A. enthusiasmtheydisplayed in 1856. Three tobe,andasthepenaltywasdeath,theresult ratepersontoreaditWhile the excitement of conquest andterri-torial extension animated the heart of the em- sons convicted of capital punishment shall b *to the republicans, as Greeley. Weed and the ing to the extreme liberality with which ourTJndnrthenew tew, which provides tbw per- confined in the State prison during a year afterthan his aristocratic prejudices had previously nace of hostility and invasion. This sentiment hundred dotiasa. The hand of juetiew . « * * A point of law was raised for him in the led him to be. In order, therefore, that his emit we {find pervading alike Sweden, Austria and swift to seme (his offender, who nowTBIPIiJi °HEET«nil the trouble in the political world is not con-'i i" i ' nr i i1 i i | , iiiini: fined to the democratic party. It has extended have saved his neck, and .probably would, ow- and to us, care must be taken to prevent hlnvj tribes, Persia, China, and Japan in Asia.ing down the obtrusive elements of vulgaritywhicharesoapttoshameusontheseoccasions, in the domestic economy of the Russiancompanying the measures recently introducedail the scamps fat themand. In a hniasnltoetsn point ofthe anti capital punishment peopte may right, but we must be practical with earwho daily receive recruits from the sluices o f every city in Europe. New York, more tham any other cityfatthe world, asmsafls an active, energetic police, and thehmmtkmofTHEWASHIXOTOXSTATCE.-Kennedy has done a good thing in igood looking and well dressed polirranan, who neither smokes segars nor chews tobacco, at theplexing problems of the future developementlong been accustomed to look up to with re-spect, and this would place the power, in fact, country, are far behind any other peopte inin the hands of the aristocracy. The question reverence far their great men and veneration then oomes up, how so many and ao distinctnations and tribes can be kept together in po- for historic names As an uiuatration of tide itlitical union. Our correspondent details the may be observed that on the Fourth of July thecontrol and supervision of the Cxar. Such a under order of its captain, gave three ithe work of commerce; which attacks Custom house lines, and other impedimenta to trade everywhere, and shows by the irrefutable logic of the merchant's ledger the foUy ef maintaining many kings and expensive courts. Commerce has not yet penetrated the Russian empire to any great extent and the logic of thetion of the utter lack of appreciation of Ame- ricans of the* nature and objects "of a* pubifo park, we may mention that about six years ago a professor ia One of our leading colleges was arrested In Vienna for hntpicg over a tight fence and plucking a flower which happened to strike his fancy. Upon his stating, however, that he was an American citizen, be was let go without further trouble. So for from thinking or appreciating that his release was attribut-Russia has not yet lost its vitality, and until able to the leniency with which barbarians are thisoccurswedonotconceive,thatquestionsof regardedinallcivilisedcountries,heafter-were subject to the grossest indignities in the ! Nothings, comes out bravely for Douglas. HeverystreetsoftheQuakerCity. Anotherin-,goessofaraatoexpressthehopeandtheIn- halfofoneofItsoutragedcitizens,butthai,stance of it occurred the other day en the Suf- folk race course, when the sporting characters and gentlemen of Philadelphia showed their estimate of the rules which govern the affairs of "the turf," and gentlemen everywhere. Seeinglief that the American people " will elevatehim (Mr. Douglas) to the highest office in theirgift.'7 Perhaps Mr. Seymour means the nexttime | but to succeed the next time thefriends of Mr. Douglas mutt be contentthis time to defeat Lincoln, if they can. It on any subjeotK be-ppreistontiyprobably staked a few dollars, more or lees, was making a strenuous effort to pass Ids com- petitor, these Philadelphia bloods pitched theirany sja^pment of U» righteous claim of our ciuaeas ; and out Minister, acting u^der the in- y structions of the ImusmtmV was gmmat to de- mand his passports and leave Imp scene of his fruitless labors.murder was committed.It wae* a"-.:.«Company, and an there areAnd yet the detective manychancesofescapeorofpardon,orofrob- futuregood conduct to wipe out WhywillThomas M. Tryniski309Fulton New York 13069South4th Streetwww.fultonhistory.com 