 Iwhole orfolksoa the amend-SlateCommitteesaysthatthroughIt all ae odds gf they askedwith little roundworked into a sort of tcs- crowded dead, uneasy and suffocating in their narrow Sacramento in a day or two, take a trip through the could never have been driven out of the coimtry if he right arm would clear the way before them and then struck him with the cane. He then fired and shot me ;tejpper:himand this result was due to the en- warming up with bis subject—his countenance be-pistol was a revolver, until 1 saw kim about to shoot agaia. He fired again and shot me in the belly. He attar-don't know where he hit>pattern,hoaviiig ghastily —place Bvery-ers. The wholecombined could not have dispossessedlike ga.*, but dori't b\trn like it ;the .\ustrian officersunfortunate result;>danoeoftomatoes,green andpumpkin*,remhidsoneof^wiim||BirWiwill not interest your roadeia to knowythaprtaa ofAtaaettaaaatDraadeaaadcom,(it eomaalatahere,) aiastlUcarryingdowna4(Mswhichfills plails,up ttietilMtbstprobablyhedldBotlateDd. 8al4lie,thechMraTJ^'Sj^ PowS«T,J?Si!?AWB4anMaaafOrackerr—The jNMCaa—i.„„^^^: iW Aneanuwa Pracae N1«litI am not a caadhlate for anything hi the world, for, If I were, Illi]t af at —'Tka Palaeaa—HaUu af tke Peaple* dec.katkf tfsKMfiaa Cats* ; SspfMMi,UsFrom Oar Own Oomapondeat. PiASin, Susdar, Sept 30, 1960.ttiat he ever said to anyiiody who wentPV thefr honest debts, aot to steal, and when ther«*Why ikineiicaiu, and even EngHsb, who swaimbasins. portions.mt a matter of Interest.The Convention wliich is toTke Cklef ApaatleGaTerameat and Feaple.thsydauirBM They Ued e&mally, and published thefr lies, botwiAWaiien, tboold visit rarelyPrague,one of theLots oftateiaMbteaptfals in this pattof Europe, is aocesafca tt> bag a fact or two. The only drawbadt to have not quite satisfied themselves as to the Oradtn which lean recaU at this moment is the date. Some enthusiasts alBrm that its fbunda-Valfabaiso, Oct Tuesday,Chte»»how, aio*«opendousDawaey'sDi|lata Daaclas—Wkytke Ceaaaa skaald ke AkalUked.thegrainprovingtobeannulled. Probably It will be sold at aaetloa. Tha natire bader'nlas attS 17.i;pean settlement of the Hebrews was made, butt, nM,' The American ship Carrier Dme isstSl heMTwhich impressed me as being one of theStack, Camels aad Faaoy Cattle—her privlleie of being represented la the United Statestn the city, were present, and a number of officers ofSales were efi'ected at for $3US pounds, battlon can be traced to a period anterior to the fall ofJerusalem, when Jew slave-dealers were establisliedhere to the Eastern market with bloade sui^lymaidens. Itissuflleientforpresentpurposestlutthemost obstinate and prejsdicial nos^ cannot refuse cre- egpvwt&les. The handsomeet pattern I have ever dence to the theory of extreme antiquity which Uiia aeaaaaaplatehaabeenaJMaMeakor a mutton chop part of the city undoubtedly enjoys. Smelts of the ^<^ip^ila stegeaof taungeraiid phjaleal exhaaiti(», most ancient and captive character ciy aloud to the |ia- aiMl 'a iineb bowl, howsoever fine and Irllpgt its beilerer, espectally la the dlrecQdn of the nraagoguebores In Europe. I am free to con-Senate.RepnbUcan arms are extended ti eitherthe army, and a good many of the non-Mormon pop-worm-eaten,thesalehas boMof crockery 1« entirely sec- mdwrlowhat that crockery supports in the way offtw that my appreclaUonall classes a and admirable distribution of justvoters are to the whole people as one in five, while inday and ail thetoLota, inteadlag; If practicable, to establish himself there, and eats on the acqusition of the Indian language, in order ta; lie liad been In the Church as principal trump-coold sorrow and snuff no moreartisHc ambition by playing with the best players un-til tlta bestaalsB-to iiimandpisteae, and to the casual observer was young and frisky, and well calculated to shine to advantage;riding prominent figure.—MoraACaoiblaattaBagainstNlcaragaa donandtheclaykind on one or two occa- friendshavebeen enougheter la tlie orchestra therehe had l>een In theme on the lustre of theand I have in select circles felt justified In speaking—attemptjudges;playing-,that sacred place like a miserable impostor who luiew that he had tieen found out, and who dreaded that onethe New-York TimesLzoN, Nicaragua, Sunday, Oct. 14, 1860.The news of Walkeb's capture and execution;world,stone,ta Annex It ta Haadnraa—Awhere, from his perch in the ball-room, he lookedPrapesifloBing fatally wounded by a pistol in theliandsofieaB Cbavfibu), wlio keeps a porter-bouse and oreter-sa- loon at No. 833 between Northpebbles,are particularly exasperating to tlisLonjes, were still struggling and sweltering, and richhad not lost the control of the lake and river steam-"and How do you do. Sir. The Apostle is a stout, Camon seized me beliind. 1 did not think hissalatedand feetplied with something wtiicli comes through the pippcjfor a near the surface. agricultural valleys,our Military, through Gen. Josh. Haves, and several foremost citizens, have tendered him morethe la^ps are few, and badly sup-w here dust, tooturies upon centuries, and made rank and fit food for gliouls by sickening odors and horrible contact. WJiatpower of the Central American Statesamuae themmay be purchased—either th«twh]4a or the yel-ITm.igkl.butter, but itUm frttonguebard upoa tlie aofaelleven.their naturalLemons, also,aresold eitherthe talking to politicians," sat down.Thecan hardly be expected to atioj the old synagogue of Prague. For more than six hun-between star-light and slight rains. When the sound branched off to the consideration of the action of the most distressing occurrence.the^.,MPitlinentsmoQ tttfa a dozen dark cellars of pots and pana, ordred years the has been unwashed, unswept,faartwr, flying the royal standard of HawaU. She leftreachedand somemore clanky and cigary than usual, auJ the hotels cannibal elder trees, that have lived liore for huu- hosj.italiiiesPalaces abound in all German rapitals, but here they literally infiest the streets, and are, for the most* part, commonplace in style and wearisome in detail. The porches and doorways, however, are generally adocned with handsomely chiseled statuesthem possessing rare vigor—and the interiors areits population, probably no State is better stocked with written by Baxbiob, the ruling President of San Sal- no odds of any of them. He knew that the gentlemen (Ohio)enrichedwith Invaluable art;thosewho are;them, but they never had enough in them unpal- path in which he walked.have been a passion with them ;are scattered aU over the town ;eases some of twenty-eight groups,both in design and treatment. Prominentrefusingwas in the tiablt of with tin, shetlilnks,was recovered by reason and with the aid of a haloanything it never can be done. The wise men never meet together but they make things worse than whatbetween has beaa to a person named Koixeb. That nameof miraculousIn the river where it lay. St. Jobs Nspo-nkjo isThe of great majorityknown as Mabt Kolizb. As the gfrl grew up, the famUy vriUi whom rtelight which shone over a certain spotculture is irrigation enough.orchards in full bearing in our vicinity are not, as youto take in these placeInterestedthehoweverwealth,at one comer of theand on the cor-among tlie Nibobmo, gentlemansome otlier w ith him at the time. The priest girls—some ofimport they fetch the best. The thirteen Bactrian tends that this is necessary, on the grounds that these rupted themselves, and were only fit for the wrath of camels, brought over from the AmoorRlvera few little Republics within themselves have proved a per- God, and of that they would have abundance. Heof Avon, Lorain County":but forpulsive. Their humps hung over their sides ancholy.TheyhangtheMormons,but the1 street, oppositemaythe nwuatahis of EntaTJ? Panim.placeantique draperiesof the first one was heard, a little past midnight. Itpeople of the United States when they (ttie Mormons) The Mcrcurio Is liard on the American steaauk^from with headsthemwithhisheelIfhedared. Thousandsofdevoutsmart fellowswhoappearedtohavedroppedinhealth,"Thetimewouldcomewhen the precedent. alltion,advertisestofreezeices for body at equitable rates, the tubs tablistiment.youngfor a short pray and to see whatstood in all sorts of positions, twiddling their watch-Is returned as 16,245, of which 9,216 are foreigners, and of them 3,649 Chinese. In Klamath every tbfrd manauybodv aad evtrr- being seattoUssa-jik-'WliMJu ^'.ipppg^K^.j *^'-^'^'^A.iUj'^J;4|4|l«ft|apggW^^i. -IL^Jll. JU4JI|^pW*M4^>.Si!^«l*^ m'.-41' -^V^iiPiPlliiiH^Hni'„'? bothesieMlreudwellsupplied,>adlathealraa- wof"^l^a'hubroughtfromtheAadeethe«ebroad tbe'neztelaettoii. Hegavehisgreatleaderadiffto ahceofthedoepIfartotiattriiikwibii. disposalofteehempwoaJdSs"Xi?!S^J5l't^Ieaa that half ania aUof cobweb huge spiders,^elto-j|mffc times, illan^fi, ^ooember 5, IMO.fearirefpUcaUonTheaurket*ttaonalTwuww)>at(|MMl'"^^rivers,whoseagencyinthecourseprerortDeaauffromgettingthevoteofOaUlHtniaa|,.wmsskCo.haveaotbeenfeouMsi#|W.|heappeai-defeadtheCopstliaMflai^.a.,^,. . ."I A court-martial lias been keld oa UeqL HsDoa- the day would obme tkMn It| d ebaqgea ibeir channels. Steaaiers run on the am attaobed to Sixniaii A. Dooiois because Ills ovoH, on boardlha steaaur Smn JteiMt, iM Us ease sfralghien tUag. and takebanlts and s^etlmes stick there for days or weeks. The outer roads here are also being Ailed up with hulks of ressebi burned la port or sunk at their anchors.principles stesoond, aad josl and right.and several oOaraJhavaItaaeea of tbefr fathers.Afi^T^^notgtmuto Tlien, sech Ing that a dead silence had settled down upon Ills audleoce,lie blushed, and, addbig, " I'm one of those containing enormous yolks, floating temptingly la lure, nor do many of these countries own ships, it U unfortunate fellows who work all their lives, and leaveegglow.ness make a great display of their wares, exhlbltlBg pots cqntalning notliingbutbie whites, and half-shells,;-'The peasants wtio attend tOtSili teanek of busi-If Government would Qend some of its squanderable cash in removing such obstructions it would be progress. But as ahip-tniUding is not done•.la .' AFFAUtt IN VTJM.here.^inmarket for half a lemon, and are happy. Is it not ments to the Ccnstltution proposed by Buenos Ayres, their faithful aids they liave actually canvassed and Correspondence 0/ridlculou.-', the idea of a people being contented with Is now in session, and we hope for the most favorable registered S8,SS0 names of men, is the State, wlio wUI SALt Laki Cm, Monday, Oct. 2S, 186«.thriftygotopassRepublicantheNewYarkTimes.tbeai. Ueaa^lha damned—God Mess the rigtiteeas.airalKjr which can^only be explained by the clrcum-atuwe that the former is decidedly preferable for aU a state of society that admits of half an egg and a results vote for Liaooui and Hakuh on the Sth <;if Novem- The city is all in a buzz this morning over grear as near as need be raported. wliiek has given l-^~~porfusea of pnciical loafiug. Not without justiceOneofthemoststreet corner. That species of sport- synagogue, and its older burial-place. Learned men«ta»»tereryeaUed killing time can be pursued there>lthpreaching yesterday,Apostle Hini; opened the ball in a most extraotdhiarydocsis a great favorite. They bring in a log, place it on by the Gentiles towards the Mormons, setting forth fionsther^n assigned.atAFFAIRS IN CAI.IFORNIA.the most careless eyethe Saints, that some wouldfor LucoLa, and the way is pavedOar. Oregon, at last accounts, had concluded tojorega Ustened to. Nearly aU the United States officers now She brouglkt from California SMOO bags of baitor.the Florence of andcollectionsoftliat the sermon in the afternoon wss on the 1ku4^ Sazcm capital been styled9armaii7. It is so lull of museumshtatidcal knick-knacltsthat knowledge maybe lapped Jews' quarter, with Its myriad of Israelites, its oldfraction of a lemon ! Some people, you sea, are de- The vessels that leave the United States after this ber.' Weekly the Republicans have a mass meethig, termined to be liappy under any cfrcumstaacee, and letter is published will be likely to obtain wool for which is well attended, and where the enthusiasmI hare given you tlie forenoon sermon of yestettey, in the Bowery. The Chief offence to some of tlie Federal officers. I U.really don't know any better.home freight It is abundant in February, March and gets more and more Irrepressible. Unole Abe's Chofr" discourseupon"precedents thathadbeenestablishedsubjects, "only more ao." Tke Jolgea bM.nrmm' ''curious sights of the place is thegood service—and the "Anvil Clioms"Uoned for an extra session of the Leglilatme fgr (•»•'who have inquired into the subject, agree, I be-can scarcely lieve, that in Prague the earliest Euro- Prince liet Kamehaneka Arrlreamauls and tiammers they drive the wedges in. On the encore, the log Is generally split; then comescreams and oheersItcaa af Amerioaa latenat tnm CUM. lowers of Josxps SarTH, or as they style themselves, theApril.alwayssaw-tienches, and as the chorus is reached, with that the measure that had been measured to the fol-—Hevr be Carries Hlaaaelll aad Where—Tke Baybe measured to them CoTTtsponimce of Nev-Ymrk Timet.District Agricnltaral Fali^Tkaraackbred for the next orator.again. It was the most extraordlnao' speech I everand Into the nearest'lust that has been walled in for cen- districts. Our city, through the President of tiie'•inthegroin. 1hadhimbythecollar, to SMtrn, but Josspa SMrrn, tryingNEWS FROM BIJBN08 AYRE9. ing a beautiful success;butfinancially,it threatens totohavenoaffinitywiththem. Heexpectedtome, and cost me, in one way or another, nearlyFrom Oor Own Oarrespondent. Buzvoa Atu], 8. A., Saturday, Sept. 23,fect failurethat they are subjects of laughter for the could see them, and understand them, and knowTbe gfrl (says the Berald) states that when aboat seven years of age she lived in Cleveland, with hac mother, a brottier older than herself, and a SheThebridge alone pos- insured in Europe, and the wrecks and damaged jJumpa round roefod building,hat, told her that her mother was dead, and that keworks of thecommerce of thisgoodsand vessels wereseeingas itgreat merit them eicellentplace.w ho approve of it, and wou Id like, if it was possible,and offer them and ail salvation,to our beach for a few days, was a fine thing for our sidpping that not a singlethe. pretensionstion, of h— would comeand d—nation. us Helpgoods gave activityGovernment.^Gumher is that of St. Jobs awho earned distinction in the Calendar bydivulge the secrets confided to him in tlie rite of con-fession by a royal lady, ft hose husband, rendered sav-age thereby, caused the reverendHung into the river. His body, discovered an of the fruit without Irrigation make much of the fact—andto American vesselfrom others running against them.and Montevideoby citizens, an Imitation of other coimtries than outgrowthThisgentleman to be arc alMut to be connected by a telegraph. It is ratherCitytielow,above,^ffered,w here at is our llinister, Mr. Dihitxt. He Is presentwhen would theythe laud of Zion. bringing upon your-the little railroad of the West there is a line of telegrapli, but as the sta- now tions are in sight of each other, and but two enginessome of the most successful among them say that deepgood;in the of it being her suppositionnecessitiesof*thecountry. AlongCongress, which will meet early inDecember. Theadopted byher familyname. Sheis^owand ParanaHear it, allye people, yeSheffield township,Uvedforthe past eight vears. At the time she wasitoneGovernment, temporarily, from Managua to Granada, drove us into the midst of the Lamanites, and the daythe pair j:i Saint of bridges in all CathoUc of the railroad is but might suppose, composed of dwarfs, but of standards. the 27th of December, and the regular session of theicountries, are used, and the whole lengthalthough, as he went over th.- wrong way, I cannot two hour's run for a horse, it is hardly a necessity.she refused. Everv efforthas since beenceethathe added to tlieir ftcuriiy. A magnificentmonument Is erected to hisj.\in tlis newsuch claims, there will be HO great loss to the original quinces and peaches ? I was surprised to see liow vance of $100,000 to the Government of Nicaragua onIhe Headschin—where his entirely of sUver, ami weighingof thecountry,prolific. weeks in advance of the together two or threenearlystar, aad placed at a convenient huight (rum the^market,tlieypiece of hi3lo^s, sort ofninety-fiveptr cent, of acknowledged debt is in process of pay-profit. can turn Into wine, but what shall be done w ith the tons of apples, pears,well appears of Geiman blocd.enough,and she scarcelymemory in tlic Church of remaliis are interred—builtare sous a Pacific railroad, and so enlargetuv, constant bones is inserU-l In aorThe berries and tliechange it,forthe Lord Almighty haddecreedit,ment of the church, so that the .levoulwith their llpak.On the bridge every one takes off histo almonds. Fine areof the tax to be levied on eachthink they would ever honestly carry arrangements? No, tliey never would withher 10 the city to see if sbeliat as he pines the Saint's statue,diaUnca, creates the impression that at that &pot a cimataat gust of wind prevails.But afteris Intol'crably bitter.thepublicThe finances ofthe Saints.remember of the loeahtics. She thoogkl could anyadding another to the hardships which ttie travelermost likely Involve the for better things.roulette table not a little ;jokerthe route is very remote.lias to encounter. the Bohemian Eitrinsically,reopeningSmce myalpha- l>et look 5 as If It might mean a great deal more thanCease. Times.the English{rattling the dice, and arrested him forthwith, since which thne thereCorresvmience «A the Ifew-YorkLOAIOA, Thursday, Septall the vowels seemteadency to become dlpthongs, and the consonants, due. They aret>'Jt If I aodesdialeet.to leave Charleston rather f';to have a naturalState, for this port now on the wav and raanv of themThe Government had violated every prind-Agent of the Michigan Sontliem Railroad in tUs'atljr,t>eaide starting out little and ruimers legsagainstandunder awhere least expected, appear to possess the valuable quality of aerrtng backvraxda, forwards and upside down, re- aemMing in that reaped the queer inwriptions which cue sees on apotheoses' bottles, and which alwaysaeemtometohavebeenconceivedanby in^Mtneahort-faand writer. In the market places one has anopportunity of hearing the language ia all Ha spoken force, !br the market-women are not only loquaciouE,owntution, everycriti.;al. and unacquahited with anystoring goods. amount on hand dees not seem toothermay form an opiidon from certain vigorous ept- wtaoh 1 experienced. It is a toagua iloh in figu-whirh, from asettlingThe hard-shell va-the route. impoverishedNicaraguaare inlaaamnch as there are many Bohemians in Bo- The BraitUian Ministersource, but,men,Nicaraguansback to their inher- ing girl. Can any one tiirow any light on the gflHhemia, and a considerable proportion tlicreof in Tiayoe, the shop signs are generally written In twoAnarticle in a Dra/.illan •tlie Escliolclusters come in from all directions.people.family or her alleged abductfon?paper liagnages—the German and ttie Boliemian—thereby mtr uy<m r-ruguny.' [f nja shouldodd to see anit would any gaoibling going on. Not a sweating cloth,Since her perastentOur Montevideo neighborsting into trouble. The debtsing to one hundred millions of settled claims, have been adjusted at per cent, iltscmtnl. The ipave- uient, and considering the margins usually put on may reach Ityou\About.two weeks since, Mr, Moo>' 1o.'K her infocUimants,manygoneraising across thecropsaccount crossingpassengerand this morning broughtdebt at such di-gracefuldlscount, the tone of the Press towardsaUrazU the sameBay.could of the lower part of Pra^ Identify portionsto the commerce of this port.subjects;there mus be loss.must conUnue to be so. mand for the up river tra.le are ain'ays m ocmanu,here liad never vtolated tlie lawsviolated the laws in Illinois, or in Missouri, and theSo large aquanUty of goods are nowjudged by would have beenCoustitntlon,the Custom-house has been houses In ai: parts of the city forbunghighcity, —TheHorth Amertcan noticas tt« '-"much for the consumer, though.cargoe, are at a loss.towards the inte- The Mormons were reproaclied^ aad derided, and haveseem to have skill inBrazilian writers reply in spirit, uud the result is most Ukely a wA.rietyhas retired and returned home.He wouW itances. He had landswhich I Aave seen thismorning, says, We might and ve are able to make It was verymuch chance for the Transit. They may notevenrefusal to become a kno^edge.RoBiwaoccur, Confederation, but we hopethem, rit had not;get- amount-been and plantedEither you President Mastikiz hascon.sented to callCongress in force. No man can entor the Courts of Heaven the regu- without Joezra Sann's permission. He could notWe have corner ,ei«>r.s „f .^4 „^^,,^ ^^^^ ^^ ^.^^^ single blaclUeg in a secludedFrem Ike AfrleaaJoseph Nasli, Frel^brought, nopeace and the resultant opening of so large a territorvunless on tlie horses. racingStates ? pie of thewarand if they were judged by the Consti-has found a call fbr Ills elsewbsi*;,^ ;y,^:^^^'-J ,.^. --www.fultonhistory.comdoubt, by the news oflias been no tiettingThere has been nothing stunning in the politicalConstitution inthefrpressiiialias left his relations topresence tha company||jposed to give(100,000,applica-so. but doSupers isorsbut for thisround, healthy-looking gentleman, very susceptible ofmustgivelar so as to act upon the freaty within the session,time prescribed.I was mistaken in stating that Vardibbili had pro-been spoken of always as a .German, but childProm Oar Own Oorrespondent.Saa FaAioooo, Monday, Oct. 8, 1860.waseroaaliis arthrln a oarrtase when ate di liai missed tiie find and tlM Mai reaottocoatrad. 'anHjH person named Dsbiam was also with Uai, and bit wife. They too were drowned. I believe two cUldrni*itiii|ir*~ whence it takes its name. A person with most crotchety Dryasdust woiud yearn for a besom in been sired by a New-London builder,) came into our The days hare been clear and calm, the nights divided better wortd was the argument. From tills, he were with them and stiifcred the same fate. Uww*'the of chains and looking amazingly wide awaae. I am ab- the result of a congestive fever. The Hawaiian Con- was a pig-tall. The agricultural counties have the Ume would be given to the sen-ants of the Lord." solutelv certain that, five minutes after my arrival in sul and the consignee of the yacht welcomed him on largest proportion of females. In some of them the That means, I suppose, that all the nations for atsurrounded by three or four enthusiasts who—all thewhile the responses of the service tn a con- repeatli.gIt created a sensation when, Saturday morning, the Golden Age, two days over-due, and the John L. Stepkens, which left here on the llth September,No Americansteamers Granada and Moses Taylor have called aadfidential and familiar maimer, as if they formed a part of a conversation in w^ch I was expected to take partlarger men to—dition (alaspaired so scientifically and elaborately that I believe, w atch and two of them with glistening tiles, butrUment, been, as it were, in a strong draught from even now to new.) a most guards,cametanltmintoport. WhenIt was found that theon to California, not to call at Panamik The American Hospital lias passed into the liaads ttscrutinized :thetextureandpresentcon- it was once better) of my coat, my pan-gone sfraightregardedhung up byneck,he had extiaustedseemed nothing more thanmech- me to the ground. I should have sneaked throughpantsb'hoy.English fluently, and in his face and carriage shows clearly that he is a well-posted man of the world. The three would tiave arrested the attention of any crowd for their size and tiearing, even if they had no moregovernmentssovereignty.mate government considered that they, the Mormons, the only true patriots and supporters of the Constitu-;affords me much satisfactionfar a CenTentlen—Tke aad tke Transit Qaestlea.Treatyecvly in life he had taken to valves-but oe grace. He, I believe, was the only man I ill the wall, as it to avoid being over-bors all around abetted and him aadUa me.Ihadoneeonfcouragedminutelythey looked fully equal ByApostle, anticipatingCallao,is,lnbiicy,hadgot red and catarrhal in the nose, and happy chance I was without jewelry. You will not while the Prince sported a plaid jockey cap.but had 1 worn it on the present occasion, its weight might have crushed;men would follow him to the porch, and make him an offer of a cldaation,hung up bymeasure," walking byof those amazingly bright young;of anLaw-suits, in which ttiese tw«was on going;theyhaving suffered lately from an affection of theof Adam down to the endMm at the Inter- satisfied tilmsclf of the precise money value of every national Hotel, over which ever'^ince the royal stan-Rev.AUASGabbctzbisnowinValparaiso. Iaathe prosecution of Ills mission.the synagogue, every one of these young men had fully his arrival, and secured quarters foror otiierfew days he leaves with.his for familyamcsgwork and play. I suppose the blue devils do hold aplace among the other temporal diablerlcs of AustTan a single spot for more than a minute without being dard has been floating. An hour or two after his ar- population are voters.have semale genders are to be banished somewhere to howl and yell and gnash thefr teeth in one eternal eternityarticle on my back. It was impossible to remain Insome of the mining counties more than one-half of thegreat resurrection,unbelleringturninglows believe there are threeof cursedness. Tiiere's a singlehopeforunbelievers^sliip-of-warhere atpresentTheI don'tbe found in San Francisco. All were dressed in the latest English fashion that we are cognizant of, withbut what acharming, enchanting;Ipretty,"OutofthineownmouthdoIjudgethee,O Dr.RxiD.a good performer, he had had his day, and seen the knowledge of this fact brought to me, without being at the Agricultural Fafr in the Pavilloa. They went But that was a long tow the Age gave the Stephens, wicked servant." Of course that point is clear and laotherwise pinched and wheezey in disiwsitlon. Being be able to appreciate the sensation of relief which the The same evening, the three made their appearanceher, the topic ceased to command further attention. of allTantty of human wishes. He was now a very blue man, and utterly beyond the cheering influences ofordiiiaiT pleasures. You see he had been in the aad exlsansted all the usual charms of heroicwhich in most I am vain early society,They stopped all the way from Acupulco. the vegetables, but made quite a haltarmy,consists of a phi,enough to believe, is a credit not only to the artist longest amongw ho produced K but to the wearer. Commercially of course before Nabl's large picture of the royal fam-AFFAIRS IN MCABAGVA.been charged with rebellion. It was said that they all—deserved to lieinformed that my most splendid personal adornment and left before the crowd came.It is merely a useful trifle whose wealth is ily of Hawaiidn wluch group of dashingliorsemen and:GLAUCUS. settled. Then—" There was another matter." The Mormons had .aAlbaay.pipe- nottobeestimatedbyjewelersandlapidaries. My women astridethesaddlethePrincehimselfis TkeNewsafWalker'sCaptare—Walkeraadstiooting affiaywhichfranspiredinthatcity on FridayOnthisoccasionthePrincewore nis hat at an angle of 30 degrees to the perpendicular, downupon the fripperies of fashionable life, till he of its water. The setting is elegant—1 will say no had his bands thrust half way tntb the pockets of histoaftervrardsmake last,andwhichresultedInJonsPzxcr,a be- lawyer,sions to complimentmore. It is, I repeat, an elegant trifle, and generallyaofthecapital out of it against the people of Utah. Hs re-and ofthe ofa presented something appearancetke President af Haadnraa—Mr. Dlmltrynone of tiiem acknowledged the Lord'sBroadway, LaasiaKHis color is that of a light mahogany. He talksPresslBBand DeWltt streets.parties bad been engaged—FxBot as counsel for —terminated adversely to CBAjrniiB, and he hadfrom his saloon several times inwith a writ of execution which had beenagainst tiim, but succeeded each time in again obtaia- ing possession. Pxbct found him there on Fridaymorning,notwithstandingtietiadputtdmoutoalytke night previous, and naUed up the door. The foUaw-the but at heart he was a nils- ornament in exchange for the jewel of his affection. color in their faces than as many Yankees. Judges was received here on the 28th ult., and occasioned " precedent," would be done to them ? The hemp a who swore There are many other synagogues both In this part say there is no question that the microscope would such a ringing of tiells and firing of gtins as you have will be in the hands of the servants of the Lord. aatliropic gloomytrumpet—trumpet ofthe(ownandelsewhere,fortheJewsarenolonger developintbefrblood"theglobulesofnobility," seldomheard. Thegreatmassofthepeople,howev- There'sanotherbeautifulprospect. Heverykindlyin ligtkt and giddy music andWTaOfoIly at Wisiraa, because that eniinent com- restricted to the quarter which is named after them, On Friday Prince Lor and his Aids went out to the er, appeared to be perfectly indiflferent about the mat- added they would be merciful and not use it.posar was addicted to the use of the instrument trum^ who looked upon beer as a weak inventionas were in the olden time. The new synagogue,athey however,antt-morttmUig deposition l^ Pebci, who was accom-close at hand, and being only two or Cattle Show, and had a place on the Judges' stand ter. The defeat andof tlie enemy, and silently and spitefully imbibed and elegant in all its appointments. The windows siT sent down his Private Secretary with greetings downfall of the " gray eyed man of destiny." There come. How all are I JoHK CBAimzu) out of No. 833Kimmelyou people, unbelieving souls, to put Broadway reaier- by which it is lighted are placed high up having received the letter from Mr. Wtllix, Secretary is a singular coincidence connected with the fate of l^ve the agony piled on to you, till you are to sum- day. He had no right to be there at aU. The neigh-;a trumpet, in a word, of powerful olor,execution ofinMosa, Costa Rica,liavemetwhowasnotprepared,attheshortest looked—aprecautionlongsinceuseless,forthe ofForeignAffairsattheIsland,inwhichtheKing's thesetwodistinguishedIndividuals.Itiswellknownnkonyourwisemen,asdidtheancientAssyrians,in wifeagainst tii^nnamad-MoCaaaaby maa.The City of Prague lowers gloomily on the stranger— doubted, when the Saints did leave here,who arrives by nightl>e Inordinately wide, and the sidewalks being pavedthe that howsoever deep he Royal Highness .spectatorrode out to San Mateo, to San Jose,acquaintedhistorytheywould;the streets, at that time, seem loin his hand rightpocketand drew what 1supposed tepos-foot upon foot deep interest in the growth of California, and his that through Mosa, Waulse met with all of his revers- the time ofhave produced directly;vrgf taiion there is look.<i wild and savageso modest and quiet in their appearance, that thcr dreilsof years. Ilu-ow their withered arms aloft, ami iiidefd.lo ^tay but a week or so in California. By the gards the fate of these two noted characters, how sim- tion to be jocular and have a pulpit smile, .and the au-seem to liave retired from business, anct to sell wine and beer merely out of regard to one's feelings, and in acccmlance with the benevolent foundation of their Inatitation. By the time the traveler reaches his Ijed-room he is generallj' in a condition to start asrain. It seems improbable that he will desire to stay an hourlongerthanabsolutesleeprequires. Whenthe morning comes, his astonishment is all the greater tofind tumself in the Tiddst of a city of the cheeriest com-uiercial acUvity with stores in every direction, and ;people hurrying to and fro with that peculiar speed which the pursuit of money can alone impart. Most large cities appear to the greatest advantage in the early evening, when the streets are filled with people and the stores glitter with light. It is different; how- ever, here, where the entire town seems to shut up at 7 o'tUock, tuid to hide itself until early morning. One reason for the gloominess of the streets is the preva- lence of palaces—great dreary ranges of white-wash- ed buildings, looking more Uke stables than humanodds the store-keeper would struggle in vain. Ills lights would be swallowed up in the blackness of neigliborlng dead walls, an'.l serve merely to make darkness visible.—of the seventh century. 'I'liev are for the most partbly yesterdaywith his at the tarnation set that flingImmediately after the shooting. PsRcr walketToal ofdoorswitliout assistance, and proceeded to tke office of Dr. Chambebs. a few doors but Iks;than he conseiUs toHemeans,ergysoldiery.while,awith natural disposi-B„, ,3 Gov. Downi, happening into town the to arU^^ waylately.t^nyLumber is in good demand, and other niglit, was seized and dragged into the DouglasCoarse cottons are In de-Central Chib meeting, where he made a brief speech.gal,Si fuU of shows and ception. But the younglive on In ary ofllOO per month, enotigh to quieta deal of boldness at butter,lard,hams,p*orkHisExcellencymanifestedgooddecorations preparedway. He has managed, however, toin bond that obliged to rent store-of fever, etc., which necessitates his sojourn onas Haman, They had from the President down- wards, and all of them deserved the same punishment.in acoalsmoney.theymust turn to dther sources ofgrapes theya bonus oftion, for uie Transit. He only offers to make an ad-she spoke EnglishIs against all our weather, but the soft-suchpropo-mightliver,women from theleast six thousand have some yearsregular blue devils, not the political ones. He was atrumpeter, and having from constant blowing on his taloons and boots, (which, fortunately, had been re- thick overcoats, patent-leather boots, heavy gold after leaving Acapulco, tiound south, had caused the all are to ornament and illustrate '* the good tiiAe Dr. A. Run. Dr. Sawtib, who has lisd ciiarge at ftdifficulties, and thenabout the only creature in all Germany who, if with centuries of the dead, until it is now on a level w iBhes for the perpetual endurance of the friendly re- es in Nicaragua. The first check he (Wai.kis) met where your interest lay, and pray the Mormons to further last night. " Ct" Siivias wasin there, draak.surrounding graveyard grown, 8£Ue notice, to join heartily in a day's pleasure hasyoursee; it was too late to proceed aar;kept with the outside sills, so that one has to descend intolation.s w hich forwith was at Santa Rosathe second, atI sawless, gooatin theseizuresome horrible convulsion of nature had expended it- from the Prince to the capital, that he may in person ture of the fortified posts of Seraquipl, Castillo and ever, he was not quite so certain—" President YouMO''synagogue.April,18S6 andthethirdandmost ;fatal,carriages to transport them back to the Zion in Jack-again.told;And such a rank, rotten, weedy, des-tortyCaA>'niu> thereI told him toyears had subsisted between the American Confederation and tiis Iringdom, were hand-;Rtvas,come back again, and send their money, teams andaway faotn the closet aforesaid, was not prepared to thegive ills lieartlest and kindileM codperation to any or olate place as that old graveyard of the Jews, wasevery species of vagrant leaf that could be devised surely never seen. It looks for all the world as if somely expressed. The Governor entreats a visit of the steamers on the San Juan River, and the cap- son County, Missouri. Of tiiis latter provision, how- behind the counter and said, " let me aloae." I thaaofself here by throwing up Innumerable mounds tender his assurances of respect. In the afternoon His San Carlos, on the same river. It is admitted by all could put Idmself right on that on'e thing was un-gravestones, heaping them together chaotically, and who areconvincingmieht 'iclve, there would be othersof the fillibuster:miningit was no longer tobeJoejnM him out. Cbamfxxld held his head down, and BABvasAs re-For instance, the immense expense tluit when he and his brother, the present King, were entailed upen Costa Rica by the war on the filibusters,wards fired a tliird timeme. I then knocked him down on his knees. Jcaaccept.traying great warmth,dience join in tlie appreciation, he succeeded admira-;way, hf denie- the story vsliich has gone the rounds, ilar they are"The gravestones are very ancient the oldest bein^ visiting the States some years ago, they were ordered and the great loss of life occasioned thereby, did more had behaved so badly to the only true disciples.llAEBis was present and sawnext house noi th said he did .ngbi In shooting me.writhe and distort themselves in an agonized «ay, as il [heir horrible diet had driven them mad.!incrr masses of coarse stone, deeply engraven with in-avsayBeiouam followed, andpitchedfrom the first table on a Mississippi steamboat. He says it grew out of the fact that ou one occasion,towards the overtlirow of Moea than any other cause.in hot and heavy. He did not indorse the apostle on the style of goingabove, Doctor being absent, Psbot, in company wtth~the;proofshells scent a frost from afar. A Utile further sou hthey roll up figs In abundance. Grapes that dwarf the greatest fear of VASBSBiat. They are afraid to—not a was visible about the premises. An enterprising policeman discovered aof6, 1660. last, not much of importance has hap-pened.The Duke of Oporto, brothet to the Khig of Portu-witiiout herWithin a short time past, says the Chicagaan hour when tiiere was not mBch of the article to be found in the State. The daywas nomhiated for the Presidency, he started hibeen the him and all his mob$1,200 par go great and tka^. much surface. Be was what is called fast,DofjLAs, and has never swerved since. reduce prices on this occasion, (and, by the way,Ills speechThe often soldAgriculturalFairInhe was not twrn to...... „1 learn that the nativePhiladelphiaantvalin that city of a cumber of quadroons,make he did not wait to see how tribes have withdrawn their troops speeches.) he saidpreferredto tte Uw reoenUy passed byforplainsboard his ship.From Kfrisembo and Abrti.all violated tlieassure yon I would not be herel/would canvatt/oT mytelf—Vi trust tt|e people."SltphensdayCorrespondence of:had only smashed up her machinery theHe came back again to tlie removal of the Saints,three hundred years old, is comparatively modem from which to see the races. On Saturday Gov. Dew- was actually the cause of more excitement tlian the and gave a terrible picture of the dreadful what's to law, details tlie circumstances of tills visiti.spaniedto the saloon by Jahbb Habbis, his brotlier4a- :;with theor as if the and thence to the Warm Springs. He will visit Invasion In Nicaragua, that Walker and his followers just go where they had a mind to, and the Lord's t>e a pistol, cocked it, and raised it above ids head. Iof MoEA and his Costa RicanH«««n, latber-in-law, Mr. red here, their resting places being easily distinguish- being disposed to enjoy the highest style of Yankee to regain Ids lost power in Costa Rica, is defeated, back to Missouri, He never would accept of any Samuei WnicaxsTia, No. 33 De Witt-street, a distsaeein Hebrew. Many emment men are inter-Finally, he turns fillibuster himself, makes an attempton a rail- captured, and, with bis second in command and 18 such assistance from thefr enemies. They had been of about 30 rods. ,Mr. Edhbstox was called, and upoascriptionsed by the little heaps of votive pebbles and stonesbeen there the relatives and whlchhave deposited byadmirersofthedeceaseil,astokensofrespect. Thestrone affection of the Jews, which even in the worst zealous than wise. He denies that he ever had any to regain his lost power in Nicaragua, and, with Us would look back when they were ready, and ask noof their people is constant and lovely, stretches back insult put on h'm here, and 30 has none to forget or second in command, meets with a corresponding fate. odds of the mean crowd that had hunted them all thewalked lo the residence of hisinthissimplewaytounknowncenturies. YearafterTheexecutionofbothtakesplacewithinthesamewound about tweinchesabove the navel «nd another in the groia third shot did not take effect. Dr, Eduestob pra- nouced one of the wounds to be fatal, when Coronv DxAK was summoned and took the deposition above.CRAKvrBLD made no attempt to leave the place after the shooting, and Lieut. Gillispik, of the Third Dis- tiict, arriviing soon afterwards, took him into custody. Uabbibwrasalsotakenchargeofasawitness. Cbah- FiKLD has several bad wounds on the head, which were inflicted Pxrci's cane, and his left arm Isthe dcscemlants of men who were eminent for their lives come hither from all quarters of the worldyeartook a seat in aroad train, and were recognized by a friend more others, is executed. Walkxb makes a similar attempt driven to the place they wanted to come to, and they examining injuredluxury, theysmoking-car tbe man found awhether When the State Agricultural Society determined, month of the same year in fact, there may not be one the things spoken to-day were as doctrine or as specu-Itwasofnowith their little token of remembrance, their mod- last Winter, in violation of its constitution, to have wctk^s difierenee in the day of thefr death. Perhaps lation ; if they came they came. One thing he did—est tribute of resjiect and affection, to ancestors still another Annual Fair at Sacramento, there were no two men on earth hated each other more bitterlytime.knowconsequenceanybodyforgive.whose virtues have become traditions. How many heard howls of indignation from every part of the they were the cause of each other's downfallfamilies are there of the recognized nobility of the seven counties that border on San Fran- "world who can look back to the first blood of their state. Therace with this proud devotion. Ma^ia Tuesisa prayed cisco Bay nursed their wrath till it was fully grown, Now, that the fear of Walub, the fillibuster, ia at and that was his business. He would not go back by severely bruisebdy. His injuries were attended to by aami wept by th« side of her dead husband for thirteen and then arranged for a Bay District Fair to be an end, many of the leading Nicaraguans are liecom- the assistance of the United States. He came here surgeon, and he was then taken before 'Squire Colb years, and the event was regarded as so remarkable held in September. That Fair opened during ing alarmed at a combination proposed against them without them, and they might go to Jericho. He for exaininatloii. Heseemsto liave much synmathythat it has found a place in Tiistory. Here Is a people tlie last week, its magnificent collection of fruits, by certain parties in the other Central American would see the time when they would need all the in ids troubles. When he was in the Police Coartthat has done the same thing towards those it once two or three days ago, to answer the last charge of as- faalntaUona, and often stretching their wearisome loved and cherished witli beautiful constancy for htm- flowers and vegetables being displayed in the Pavil- States. Moea, it is said, was in this combination, and money they had in the States fer themselves, and sault and batte^iy preferred against him bypBBST, be length tiirough whole streets. Against such heavy drcds of years, and with no other cUroidcler than a ion, while Its catlle-show is held about a mile beyond if he bad succeeded in Costa Rica, the whole plan of their enemies would yet go barefooted, while they had remarked, " this is too bad. 1 liave been persecotadC. B, S,would have matured. It was operations speedily (orand all on account ofIt has caused me great trouble. It has oishearteBeddestiny"has, indeed, come to a sad end.but he badnothinglike what heyet expectedin abtmdance. He wanted to have nothing to do withthem—Tldea la Trooble w'ltk Brazil—Public bebt blood. But inasmuch as it costs no more to im- vador, to President C'AaaxKArof Guatemala, in which in the States, of a certain class, thought very little of Berald tells the following singular story about a gM pureat DIsconDt—Teaaels Coming fram the port a first- class animal than one of a doubtful pedi- he proposes that San Salvador shall be aimexed to him, but he could assure them that Ihey never could fifteen years of age, who called upon the editor, iagood conscience^.the Mission Dolores. In all respects but one It is prov-years,twenty-fiveis) to destroy the existence of Nicaragua as a State,be a dead failure. There is an astonishing number altogether, and to annex her to one of the other yet own enough here himself to take back all the peo- $S,000."of thoroughbred horses, cattle, sheep and swine. For States, A letter has recently made its appearance, ple to Jackson County, Missouri, and he would askThe liatc Stsrm-Americaas Safe—Mcntc- A Stbanoe Stout.—The ClevelandUnited State*—MiseeUaaeous.gree, it Is not after all surprising that when men do Guatemala, and Nicaraugua to Honduras, He con- think less of him than he did of them. They had cor- company with Mr. A. A. MoOR, a respectable clttzeamonths since, are among the atfractlons of the ground.When they were exhibited in the city, soon after theirarrival, they were thin, bare of wool, and really re- United States justifies&eqaentlyures, whichin may freely inspect. The Bohemian noblesare famous not only for theirthe excellent use they make of it. Statuary seems to dozen vessels on the shore, has affected very little the flaps. They were tioUow-eyod, gaunt and very mel- guans arc therefore considerably excited in regard to Mormons could have hung them and sent them to h— ner a grocery. On her way to the school-house shstreas-there-IbfiO. The terrible storm wliich passed over this place on the 29th and 30th ult., and which threw more tlian athat his experience in Europe and the'.o see the cannot rememtier her father. She wentbtaobys.chool daily, at a frame school-bouse, on a street whiek hadThey1are'.the Lnltedwouldprovidefor her. She thinks that therewereand erect, and a beautiful wool that eclipsesthem and feedthey had ever had in return was the offer of corrup-in thepriest, wearing largeof the finest merinos covers their hides.are to be sold in a few weeks at auction, and undersomebodyexcept one or.two slightly, camel express across the plains with them.took her to an Irish family, and from iJiein she w«b removed to a Roman Catholic Uerman family la.The dLs-play of fruit is very rich, and, to one who re-members how young the orchards must be, amazing.The culturists who have succeeded in getting fine tle the claims of American citizens,takeselves the things you hate. Talk of the wisdom of taken by the priest she ha^i with her a school boolc,whole worldmere ateable it may be to his countrymen. The Nicara-to havethe whole of the Central American StatesOne a Roman Catholic daySenate requfrcd the ratificationsix months. This will make its term of expirationthey found them.They had killed JosifH Sansbe ihto the Roman Catho- baptized, made to overcome hatwhen a she did not know a « ord of German, allliougathat was right he had sealed his lo continue In their business, so many orchards have of January, 1861. In order to overcome the difficulty, testimony with his blood, and his lestimouy was nowlived wifbedher toBut the fruit-growers complain thai It will never pay Nlcaraguan Congress will not take place until the Ist enoughhe had finished his work ;;lic t hurch, butfail into his bands, and, therefore,probability '"he lived driven? Becausehe testified that Josira Smiih was a Prophet of the Lord.appeared —has arrived In a fine steam frigate,and the fownpeople;for Ws re- that he heard Dooous favor the African shore with his company, and com-make the sum orcome whenTjie Mvijatton oC these waters U b«con»lag-ioins- colored people " nlgjers." He itii, nothing could pottewiQn. T6e Aaiertcaji.£»cU)rie»of lto«ri, Bw»k- would be ttie vsif people upon the land who wooU •U6ee colored personsThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069the t»wearadlsttMr.LatoakwentorhowMr.Owiawent. He,Untitled Documentcalled rior around the Congo and the Portugueseare fri fullcalumniated;butthetimewouldthey^-'-*-assertion,had come liere toNow their eyes glisten," their humps are this movement, though there are many no doubt here, cross lots. They would not do it. but would clotheshaae-trees and brick sidewallts. There was a weUMonarchicalwill doubtless try the experiment of a President Masthtxi and Cabinet have moved the States never will have the ability to help us. Theycondition that even ttiisdo many tilings, but willforsake their infernal meanness, pec^6treet, but was frequently bewildered ia baransldon woulo be very tempting, coming from any othershebut will they? God wouW promote the purpose of recollectionsof alltrade with him or trust Aim, so I do cot believe he hasof the She is an intelligent look- place.themin the East, hi Missouri and in; thefrwas offor soHe complained having manywives to have,strongstill pressing the authorities for a Convention to set- but with doubtfulsuccess. The United States Senate's amendment to the nation ever assembled lo devise lielngthe treaty will no doubt be ratified by tlie Nlcaraguan forThe United States the have they? They mighttheviolated tne laws. No above them. Why had he beena man aanaed 'Who were aliens, and hostile to tlie laws of the United Trilmne, young;:In port, shipH. Shailer, Ann, tlmp,M»Oi^fa,Wig That IsU had been said that folks could not leavehopethey believed or not—All thefair Caucaassin or sable Luba,deserved to be time of " measure fortheneck, what, at theejectedaccordaaaa obtaiaaddaysbeenbled. ,-.^Hyde an Ike Halted Statea away to t^L&e truth. But wouldTheparty thit mvf bo iisfotei to fuse, but neither dares ulation.to risk the embrace. The fugitive Breckinridge legis- The Apostle set out with an allusion to the reportlators are in their seats, helping to do up the local alxiut the Mormons leaving this Territory, and, fromlagislauon of the State, but they hold thefr carpet bags his remarks on that head, conveyed the idea that misy CltyofTalcajeceatly. He was a dentist, and ^aia*Dr. Euis Coca aad his wUs were drewaedaaax4k^ Our Prince has arrived, and, in our quiet, un- In tiiefr hands, ready for a new stampede the mo- of bis brethren had concluded not to ftirther improre from Norwich, Otgm., tiro or three yean ago. Hament there is danger of another joint Convention to thefr homesteads. He stated unresetredly, that a demonstrative way, we ale e^jsying idm. On Thurs- elect Senators. time for removal would come, but urged tlie cootlaa-Irtftiipi rr""* to n>* notldng more than mtiigov and' bninl-place, where they are truly elooa-eompel- day morning a pretty yacht of 196 tons, the Emma Our Winter, or rainy season, has been Inaugurated ance of improvementsand asling. LiterarymenhavebeenaccustomedtonguA everything gets;BO«iinx;wlthant its just complement o{ tlie steaming the broom as the natural enemy of theli Idnd, but the Rookt, (a little sister of the bark Yankee, both havhig during the past week by a gentle shower each night "nailed with scripture," preparations for the nextgo tMP> lavtores over a pie-dish or a sance-bcwl, tlie rafters and beams and ;would attempt to return to take of thefr Granada, for havliur declined to bring forward tka possessiontte saMeat and severest I have passed for many long men separated from the men bv a prodigious wall, per- yean, Apart from this show the place Is peculiarly forated to admit of sound reaching them only, but notThe '"hMmaa re-tliiek enough to prevent black lustrous eyes flashing attraotiTa, and iUostrates magnificently and elegantly it is to beeither a swindle and a humbug, or else It convicts us thosewho drovethrough the crevice, brighter with curiosity,&e vast resources which the Germany of to da^ feared, than the law permlU. The stirring of the feetuncleansed;hangthe Sandwich Islands on the 29th of August,seemed as if a miracle had been wrought. Theaimptoi decause ha is ti^d lie cannot buy the like in of unnatural size, and eyes like lobsters, look down Victoria in 18 days, tarried there S days, and then In spell broken, it is possible again to have a beaver or a " inheritances " in Missouri and In Eastern States, crew of a Chilian vessel wrecked ia Possessioa Bsi^dryanrpvtofEurope.'Decidedlythetnostricken defiantlyontheshudderingChristian,whowouldcrush 8daysmoremadeSanFrancisco. Onl>oardtheEm- bonnetspoiled,andfromremoteclosets,—wehaveno wheretheyhadbeenlocated. Epitomized,hisdis- withexceptionofthesupercargo,whentheysskedin a verv muddy river, where a tabernacle haswho have naturally a large appetite in this merged idss City Directory a year ago lleving beads, and lightnings, storms, tornadoes, hall, estimated the population of San Francisco pestilence, earthquakes, war and niggers, were to do at 80,000. But the census Is likely to return us up the dreadful of the prediction. TakingIt is stated in our papers that Guayaquil is to bckdirection. It has never been my good fortune to Is It the darkest, most dismal and noisome assuredlypoverty letter of greetingKing. that he bears to Gov.or has been, annexed to Peru, by agreement betweea President Castilla and Gen. Fbahoo.been wrecked, and the sun seldom penetrates. Most Ingan for a advantageFrom the vassers for ourma Rooke came Prince Lor KAiuHAHEaAand his three Aids, Maj, Spauldibg, Col. Haaiabxa and Maj. Kala- UANA. The Prmce is the only surviving brother of the King of the Sandwich Islands, -than whom, by thethe favor, and whenthestateof the weather would havegarrets,—umbrellas are dragged out again and kept in handy places.them should be driven and spoiled, tension of some citizeiis oftlte American Unloa la- of being outrageous brags, which Is quite as bad. It and the nation at large having acquiesced in the Mis- wards unibrtunate mariners sliipwrecked, asUag as- brings to the business of loahng, not only shifts tlie dust in clouds, so that a very feeble imagi- way, he is older. He InheAted a fortune, and his old was settled long ago that California had half souri and Illinois drivings, should. In consequence, sistance which they might render." It is to be hopedfor foreigners, but for the natives themselves, nation can easily realize the sensation of being sub- uncle named the younger man as his successor, deem - a million of inhabitants, and the intelligent can- have the vials of wrath poured out upon thefr untie- this is incorrect.hotti^lgave to the crockery muse of Dresden were Israelites into this temple dally—the wo- creep dingy"We go in for the total abolition of the census. It Is cording to Ills hypothesis of measure for measure, fusal of the Captain is an exliibition of the official ft^Dowitit, itit easy, and this too in the face of downright visit the services of the church were being performed appears that bis titles are "Prince General but 60,000 people in the city, and but 400,000 in the " Another view " of things. Many men tiad come DuacAK LivraosTOH havhig set up foeBieet with a people who had a greater faculty for hole that one can see inliabited in Europe. During mytakio(eaiant labor, oftentimes but lily rewarded. Go— out of no — by a gentleman who I say it disrespectmachinery KAHEHAiiiaA, Commander-in-Chief under the State. It would console us if all over the coimtry the here for the purpose of seducing women. The plan the manu&cture of ice by artificial process, fbe CUfappeared to be • the greatest possible hurry to getGovernment fefDsesthe place. The congregation was composed of men of the House of Nobles, and Minister of the Islands." t}' of canvassers can cheat us of our savory Mangolian when they spoke of sending the army. The nation monopoly of ice has been fanned out to the hlglmatcourse was as follows :The Mormons had been drivenand spoiled, and, ac- easily permitted them to embarlL.him leave to sell it, because tha element. In Calaveras County the whole population permitted this and had gone far enough to establish bidder. LtvmosfOR, not to be outdone in that direo-with them, as well he niltht be, considering King, member of his Privy Council of State and Marshals were always as mole-eyed. But no stupldi- bad been concocted in Congress, and talked of therewhecB you will, from the most splendid vil-lage, belonging l>ody and soul to some prince,who would faint if he were but brought vrlthinsmeU- all ages and conditions, with a large proportion of He makes his trip for the benefit of hisiag d^tance of his beloved people, to the Imperial Cityiihe Kaiserstadt of Vienna, where magnificence, elegance, good temper and sausages seem to be for- ever struggling for the ascendancy, and you findrule, but they must assuredly have a bard time of it,andarefrequentlyproducedbythe skeletonwhichisloclMd up with the political key. I think, indeed, IhavW seen one man possessed of them. 1 mean thethroughrival, I met the Prince and his two native aids re-fromastroU. Theyarestoutfine-lookingfel-for the believersfafr sex—never mind whethersome com- since Consul TBBvm's removal towill cost but two months' time and $30,000 to repair plaining, took that in hand and answered for the Judge sho.-tly, and therefore lias transferred the Hospital tadetention of her passengers only ten days, and that it coming."And theto leaseSkaotiag AdTrayLAWTKB FATALLY WOlTiniZI) BT TBI KKXPIR OTAH OTSTIB SALOON.The Albany papers detail the particulars of •deserved to be exterminated.theAlluded to President Qucoakah's par-nisaarcbyDerired—BlagalarI^etterfrom viewedthenations,andsaidtheywereallIllegitimateIf, therefore,thepeopleillegiti-tothe wicked would get measure for measure.giventhem,glitteredsunhght. aand if ever one of them passed through the gates into theHoly City, it is because Josbth Smra said The United States may say. Come back,Hisbringwlttuiut concede it to any other party, for fear It will finally Illinois, but he could not be left in peace to occupy Catholic, the letter found In her sotaoeUwok has dis-making oneofthemwouldbecondemned. Thethey never PrinceappearstodeoUnetoGovernorthereliadexterminatedthem.Ifhehad annuma war,andcovervewas Constitution,possiblyto balllast night;heldThis morning about 10 more or o'clock,for fivecents.^ .. out their own service from the hou.se of the ticrinan famiiy,him a little wldle to He wallced go.him 1 wouldthrew a handful of snuff into his face, ihinMnj that I could get him out without difficulty, if hewasblinded. Joes then came out. I had a cane. He put his Itaadgiveaway was teit all. The in the peopleLorain where she naa County,the leaves of which was a letter addressed  aSg.-.^w.-; .L^Vi^-J 7:^ -i^''i£^J^^i. -v..