 THEN E W YORK HERALD.ITHOLI NO. 8562. jytfAL tF TIE KiHDAI.Mtunusn0 EDBOPL^ ^ fpirtioiLMORNING EDIT10N-WEDNESDAT, FEBRUARY 15, 1860.PRICEfnJlofTWO CJLNT&the inhabitants et Central Italy had the Congress with eeaideaoe, bnt amportan a, f^il«ply toftpofcmfiWatodii Ms, •Tenia followed, which cause ito adjournment He savethe pamphlet • ' U Pape at U- Omgrit," of wfc-eh, w!th- oat scekmg its antbonty, no one can contest the impor mace, the latter of Napoleon to the Pope, the speech ' af the mean of England, aad the speech of Palmarin the Hoeee of Commons, are mcts which the anpoaathltity af the rsataratiin of the aseteat rale in Central hair. It ia certain that the Gingreaa will not be saaembled tar the present the governmart of Central Italy, being satisfied on theiref BBBBB OBBfantnaati Btatoa I d«r eater ef the liberty ofbeat, toy by day, and year after year, they have thuu dered their desaaetatieas against slavery andera, agaaat confederates sad their BiBtMnttona, ateseek to apply the torch to oar homesteads and tolate our land with servilebe dissolvedirved.tbat^wbe s iiipaaliafi so fearful a resultdifflcult to say what will be tte result of tba sy—what may be tte result o* its action before thetribunal where all stand—before that tribes*!Bounces edicts that nations as well as individuals mast obey—and that is the enlightened opimon eftinned InKfUTieTNWIST AfilTnQNINFRANCE seat. Only announcing these men, Ceroar concbtitea bywould postpone his movements. The liberals, however wen fully prepared to repel hia advanees.Ocampo's misston to fats sovernment is officially conpurposes, have assamad thenameef theThis coalition baa Ibond OJunion, and that a hatred oltastoaa ef the atavehoUteg States ef this Cmou. Tab) coahtton baa evinced by its acts and its declarattoss aia part, and the political party with which I act, from any reproach, for, sir, I bare no doubt. If the Uaton should be disserved, terrible weald be tte InHbjaalaa Of tta wsvH to oar own time and coming ages upon tte party goaty in the remotest degree of having aided to so tesribfe aRft* Savoy AnnexaUon Move- Bent Opposed by the People.srsttog that be will aevei fail In b s reaponstbllrty for Use araaejefflity of •arepe ami the aanamasba of Italy.Baron Rteaaaii, la presentmg tags to the Natloaa! Cmirds of Ttorence, said:—We reqoire great prndesee an 1 large forces to preserve Agrastdeal reaaaiaa to be done. The ef the pi 11amis of Italy to Patdaaont ia aaosB- to geasaatee Bajhsn aanoaanly, the durance of which"Tetteis from Naptea explain the apparent contradicoon m the late -*-'-i—r- of the mimaterial crass. JUasgien had deu.he(> tendered tus resignation, bnt leave for sixate.,a%n>i.ih Minister had demandad full payment of the English claims, and tt Ma n credited.in epite of solemn engagements to Obey and maintain it doubt, will stand upon the Judicial deetotoa af tte Ceort and in aptte of all the obligations which rest oa every in at earner aad purer dava. We amember of every civilized State, to hmit. to natrato.aad car own coastsBents, before ttefinally to subvert the bataaaaa of fifteen Btatoa of the opinion of the world, before postertk Sai Joan Dispute.Hist Have ten Juan aad aA.W USTE1UA.a a t 1st mat., sad QMS—HIBB an the ad, arrived at r_g^ul at half pan etoran o'clock yesterday morning.^ » company with the astoJsam M. Weed tar New Or-iaH tschanged asjmal with taw sasaaadup Hong* Tm .** muSe » the westward of Holyhead On the 3d „ , ft saaawr bound east, supposed to be the Europe.Tt* ftaeaaa aft Cjoeenstown at A eu P M on the 3d ttaesas-I, of she Dramatic line of New York byaremtheMoney on theUrn I * oto lyiag ta taa stream, ready n sail, when a iout,fromsomeunknowncause,abou-. ts the morning. In addition (to the crew, •arty there ware twoaty-dve seson t cabin ion board. All of them were saved, togetherthe vessel wai scuttled, hot the » aft her well oat of water, aad in spite of10tCa?BCMS0\M•• It mas stated thai the troops oa the frontier were to be•^sp^m«n«mn»n,wh*ala»nof <«Fi«ttoaae- l t w a a w s a s i l n r i s a^* " - M » * r t h a i n s t a t o o f e a a a a w o n l d be msiilsmniif by Aaaarte, la Hoagary as well as Venetia, befoTe kmg. Agmttion oontmually prevniled at Veneha. In the coarse of eae day seven officers were attacked and wewnded in Verona, and the cavalij were oi doted to clear the streets Attempts were made to hofat the tri-cotoredfi»K at adoggta. Portsaco aad Palitiina Nuaaaroos indi viduaiaaad oeea arrested at Venice for insula rremeoadmg white mdaary mnsic was being vbeaothnnnea of Venice bad been made acquainted with the determination efAaatrto to retain that place andacavored aad at endeavor tog to accomplish the same re suit in all the non-alaveholding States Secondly, I charge tt with openly attempting to deprive the peo-wmtiThomas De K. Harris, of Georgia, retouwd, Clerk in charge of Printing and BUI Book ,$1,800.Wm. Averhill, of Maine, (rep.) Bookkeeper, $1300.James C. Walker. Beading Clerk in the House, retain- ed. $1,800.Herman Krfesman, of Illinois, (rep.) Clerk to Eater Pe- titions and Papers in Committee Booms, $1,800,Geo. W. Pearce, of Pennsylvania, ( A L. dem.) News paper Clerk, $1,800.A- B Parker, of the District of Columbia, Draughtsman, retained, $2,100.K.M. Shermanof NewYork, (rep.) Clerktotakethe Teas and Nays in the House, $1,800.WilliamAddison,ofCalifornia,(A.L.dem)LandOf briefillness,ofgoutInthestomach Heenteredtheser-of machinery, silks, satins, arshaailisr aoase portions ofweed would be saved in a damaged state at&aoQW. The ship wan insuredtot it » set known whether the cargo is covered.the s a w aewe vm gneeaatown reports that the snipJisurml, from Brawl for Savannah, had been abandon MUSS Thecrrwwereaaved.Ts* lagath budget was to be brought forward on thetracts, stated that the charge of the packet service aad mail subsidies wooM b e in future transferred from the Admiralty to the Post Office Department The committee was reappointed after a debate, to which its past proceed tags were denounced by some membars, while others regarded the rnaimtttae aa a vehicle for hashing up in •nrry.Mr. Lindsay moved for a select committee to inquire fully into the operatioa {of the burdens and restrictions tge*u>g the shipping interests Be entered at length mto thealleged grievance* af shipowners, oa^repuliat td any desire to return to protectionist principles.After scone debate the motion was agreed to.Tte Chairman presented the Kansas constitution of the Wyandot Convection.Mr. Sawaan, (rep.) of M. Y ., moved its reference to the Committee en Territories.Mr. BROWS, (dead.) of Mas., offered a resolution, that the committee enquire whether the provisions of the Eng- lish bdl are comphed with.Mr. SxwAEnaaged for the yeas and nays.Mr. FC0B, f> -n.) of Caw, said he would vote against all instructions, lie wai".' it t<* -go u tuc tcnunittee in an untrammelled term.lir. SswAXo said it was loo early to i-ring up this ques- tion. The Senator from ahsasasippi could obtain the infor- maticii he desires by making a separate motion. He would always vote for resolutions asking information, but he wanted this presented separately.Mr. MASOX, (dem.) of V a., said a statute existed thatKansas should not be admitted as a State until a certainpopulation h a s been ascertained b y a census. Kansas couldnotcomeInasaStateuntilahepossessedthere quisite papulation. Theresolatton only looked to obtain tog inforaaation whether the law had been complied with. If th e taw requiring a certain population to exist prior to ber admisBioii bv wrong, kt it be repealed; but while it was a law it should be respected. He could see nc propriety in entertaining the ceastttabon until it was ascertained whether n e law was complied with.Mr BKOWS said the constitution of Kansas waa framed in criminal violation of the laws of Congress. Now was the proper time to aaake the iaquiry. lie wantea information, and if it should prove that the act of Congress has been set at naught, he would feei constrained to vote against the admission Of Kansas.Mr. ITGH was entirely opposed to the system of in-structing committees, and taking from them all discre-tion. It the act of Congress had been violated, he wouidvote against the admtseioa of Kansas; but if it were cor-rectly ascertained mat ahe had the requisite population,he would not stickle at>-j«afvime. h * s net necessarythat the fact sfch ltd b- ageertaiacd by the federal censusTHE ITALIAH QUE8TI0N-m p o n s tar Lr TO SATOLWOS TUBUSHBD IN T AJOBV- measures to put a stop to the disgraceful proceedings.The SrxAExa requested th e tellers to resume their places at the desk to record the votes for Printerpart, wished alao to satisfy these prormoea bytog the m«r af aarsmia tar peMhoal leaaaaa for 'the _U Sard of last data Bays the encyclical letter drawn ap by the Pope aad Cardinal AntoneOi with the greatest secresy.flaasral Garibaldi arrived at Milan on the 28th nit from Como, with his bride.A Term letter says that the military ties between 9ar dmm and Central Italy are very positively aad openly being drawn closer, and they almost authorise the assar- tion that a military fusion is accomplished.The question being dmcusaed at Turin at the present time at bow the de /arte annexation will be effected, and at * thought most probable that the Deputies of Central Italy will meet first in their respective capital* to decide whether they ought to take, aa subjects of Kmg Victor Emanuel, their places la the National Parliament at Turin. There can be no donut their deaaton will be In the afir- natire.GREAT BRITAINTHE BCMST ASD FK1K TBA.DB -MAIL STKAJtSSUPCONTRACT*—TAXES ON fiBaFTOW—IBB SAN JUAN mrwfCULTT, AND AN OFFKB OF eBrTLBNJKNT—BIOTIKG D t S T . QBOWE'B CHUBXH.In the House of Onsntaesa, on the 30th ultimo, Mr.that aa the net he weald introduceaf the laaaimif sraal treaty with France.Mr. Gladstone also, in moving for the reappointment oflegal power of the coafijajattonal party to enter Into the arrangement la considered of primary importance to determine. The treaty will not be reported from the Committee on Foreign Belations until the result of the conference is kaown. There does not seem any disposi- tion to make the treaty a strict party question,las 5UTK»AI. aaxicciTcnAi. soenrrv.The Executive Committee of the United States Agricul- tural doewty are undecided whether to hold their next national fair at Cincinnati or in this city. One citizen of Washington bat subscribed one thousand dollars if thecommittee will agree to bald It here.DEATH OP CAW. BAWTSX, OFTBX !UTT.tended to be so. Before the tribunal to which the Sena- tor from Georgia has appealed, aad the jurisdiction of which I acknowledge, I contend that a f a n , perfect and sufficient answer to every charge be has made, and to all causes which lead as mto civil war, totobe found In the speech of the Senator himself. Mr. Hale then read the passage from Mr. Toombs' speech, in which that Senator refers to the power, resources, wealth and population ef the Southern States, tbetr set vices in the war of the Revolution, and the spirit which animates them at the present tone to regard to their constitutional rights. Mr. Hale, continuing, Ban!—He says tt is the finest country on earth, and the best government How was it in relation to the great matter of complaint* The Senator had said the constitutionality of the Fugitive Slave tow bad been maintained so far as he knew, by every federal court of the Union, and everyagainst thia government aad tha Union to a crime not only against the constitution and the country, but i•sanity; a sacrilege against God, whose greatfor the education of mankmd to being save iUuatrated,. monstratod, fit the Beat of ear example.Mr. TOOMBS, (dem.) of Ga , said the efforts of the 8 a tor from New Hampshire showed that tte way of i greawreabard. Be quoted the taw of Newto show that a man who came to reclaim a fugitive i was imprisoned five years. He asked if the fNew Hampshire was wilting to carry oat theFugUire Stave taw?Mr. Haix rose to reply, whanMr. TOOMBS aaid he did not want to hear anMr. HAIX—If you don't I dent want yon to listen.Mr. TOOVBSaaid be would yield tor tte to proceed.Mr.HALSsaidhebelievedtheprovtotoneftte< tutton relating to the rendition of a fugitive saveMr-toBBBBB *h,yeawanttrial byjury,orsomeiby winch the law cannot be carried out Beans*the argument of Mr. Bale to regard . t oGeorgian! reference to the dectotonof the fand, further, contended that it was no precedent for the action of the Supreme Court of Wiaconsm in nullifying tte decis on of the Supreme Court of the United StatesMr. Dooirrnx said he would answer tte arguments of the Senator from Georgia a t a future d a y .Mr. taassaaatd the country expected ban to answer or aaaagtan for tte action of hie BlaseOn motion of Mr. Dooumx the subject was postponed till Tuesday.The Senate went into executive session. Adjourned.Houit of nepraaemtatiwea. WASataorca, Feb. 14,1800On motion of Mr. Gxow, (rep.) of P a , the powers of thai raged for many boon, and thei eat tlnest totally destroyed. She had a large aad the committee on the mad packet aad toaagraph conWASHWOTOS, Feb. 14,1800. OS BASBAS INTO THS rBMH.Leave was given to bring in a bill for the prevention greatly depresaed. and a mil of af bribery at Parliamentary elections. One of lis provi- Aft the eiose on the a m sions is, that parties convicted may be imprisoned forSpecial Committee on Printing, authorized to be appointed any man in Virginia knew ot it, nor .did any man yesterday, were enlarged, ao that they may mqnire mto the, and thefauastquotation i a shade higher than aba lowest id by aba Para corres- t the London Doaaj Warn to the breach between•aad the Pope.lac Peris ftoor market had declined two franca oneSBBBMper sack. Whaat was difficult to seO at the re saed rates. Wheat wee also lower in most of the pronn- ml aarkeuSix memtbs, with hard labor.In the House of Lords the proceedings were unimportaatThe Prince of Orange waa on a vmtt to Qoeen Victoriaat Wmdaor Castle ^The London Rates, hi aa editorial, explains the presentposition of the San Juan difficulty. It says:—We have reason to think that the proposals ma ie to theAmericans are such aa may fairly satisfy both countries Instead ol standing out far the Boaarto Channel and the white group of islanda, as against the Haro Channel and potte of them. a third channel is proposed for the bounda-in New Hampshire know of the intentions of" John Brown to Virginia: and, further than that, they might charge that it was the neeeejary consequence of the doctrines Us> South teaches. But they did no such thing. They did not believe them, nor did they believe now that any one WAR ever responsible bot the party who bad been tried. In the course of his argument he said the Supreme Court, in its decision I n the Dred Scott case, bad affirmed that the negro has no lights which the white man is bound to respect.Mr BKNJAMI--. (dem ) of La., said that the Chief Justice bad only referred to the condition of the negro prior to the war of the Revolution.Mr. HAIX said the sti'ement of that condition was the basis upon which the Dred Scott decision was made. But, sir, I will proceed—1 am willing to leave that to any tribunal, and 1 leave that part ot the speech of the Sena- tor from tieorgia which relutes to the action of my State where I put it I now proved to another objection. fouitd not only m the speech of the Senator from Georgia, but in most every other speech, and that is, the solemn sppeal to us to reverence and abide by and obey the construction of the constitution which they give, be- cause it was solemnly decided to be law by the Supreme Court of theUniUd States, and the State of Wisoon&in wa.« denounced for having decided to send Senators here after the Supreme Court of that State had decided tho Fugitive Slave law to be uncon?tiiUtiaial. N o v . sir . I desire to n..ct that question rigiit here, distinctly, uu equivocally and plVnly, eir I n*r«i heard th« appeal made over and over agam. i ttiink by nearly every e*n-prices paidforbinding by Congress, and the taws regulating the same, and to make similar inquiries into tile prices paid for engraving and paper ;aao, the publication and binding of the Congressional Globe, aad to report all tte fans en the subject 4alao, whether to their opinion s a y changes is the extottog taws governing the public printing in oan- nectioci with the Executive bureau are necessary to be made, with power to report at any time.Mr. BCBSBTT, (dem.) of Ky , understood these subjects were considered by a special committee ton aaaasn. Did they ever make a report <Mr. Gxow said that committee w a s the aasae a s th 1 one now ordered. They made an inveettgatton. but were not authorised to report at any time, and the call tor ther report was never reached. If it had been they were pre pared to report a bill on the subject. Allow thai commit tee to report at any time.Mr. BCXXXTT—I am agreed to thatThe SpaAxxa announced the pending business to be the election of a printer.On motion of Mr. PBXLFS, (dem.) of Mo.,.there waa a call of the House.Mr. Wooneos, (dem) of Mo., moved that the House resolve itself torn Committe of the Wbole on the State of the Union, and take up the Post Otttoe Appropriation btil. Estimating the carnages at six per centum on the sum due the contractors, the amount to a thousand dollars a day, and every day these extractors v e being rnmed.Mr WASBBCSXX, (rep , of 111., tiiJugbt that the House bad better haw one more vote for Printer, and ff the c,u«-eti>n was not then determined they could take up the I'M!OfficeAppropriationbill.v« Iff., W c , whichAnasal was abant to be struck at the Pans mint to ry has, which will not only evade the two demoted courses, bnt will leave the Americans in:thesignature of the treaty of commerce powetslon of the largest share of the dapsled teriEngland aad trance. niory. Thia channel m few coarse outsort' the island& » w t o f m o m e n t h a d b e e n r e c e i v e d f r o m S a m . Of S a n J o a n a l o n e t o t h e w e s t , a n d c o n s e q u e n t l y m a r e sfee bust uttelharnce from the seat of war announces ahe remainder. So considerable, in fact, is the oooceasion ttat the fartiflcations of the Spanish encampment before thus made, that it reasonably snggests a hate compeosaTit' Grand Duchess Stephanie of Baden is dead.TV steamship Kangaroo sailed for New York at the suaeme, sad the Arago was to leave Southampton on tte a a t day.TM Arabia arrived at Liverpool at half-past seven t t»ck oa the eveatog of the n t h alt.Tit Hungarian reached stoeeauown early on the morn a of the 1st mat,ion, aad we believe the American government sill be asked to give as the whole of a certain coast of headland, which the 48th parallel now ems in two. We do sincerely hope this reasonable proposal will be accepted.The riotous proceedings at the Cturch of St. George, in last London, reached a moat olsgracefu! height on San da;." night, the n t h utt The church was crammed with a noisy mob, who not only prevented the services frombeing performed, but endeavored to demolish the altar. ind indulged in the pastime of throwing about cushions, Sayer books, Ac. Theofficiate of the church wereeated with personal violence, and considerable property was destroyed. The matter had claimed attention in both Houses of Parliament, aad the government had promisedCongresshad- ',-inomeanstoUk»thecensus,andthe tkmanwho«<<Jrej?ed th Senate lr\j"\iuA%sideofthe rMr Wooueon'a motion was disagreed to by three ma- jorityes with this island only, while the Americans will retainacrranssioK or LCTHYBMB mtwsrATWm—Mjuai-m.TOTHJtOTHMtCATHOLICJOirRNAL8—THBPOPBS The Cortes were opened on the n t h . The King in his made, it was postponed until nest meeting.u r n s ro n rrBUSHED IS BBTSBBXB—sairarc ON W UTOT OS I U AXMKXATIOS QCBBTIOB—*OVB-* aaaanp—aaKPniiAit rcsaoBi p> c n t i m e x STAJLT. <JBtoIQtb alt., in the Boone of Oosnseons Lord John•stmMtwM^hraarbeit t b t | ' " " " ' treat theu-aL •bar aawtirmad, a i i | i mataflna waa made in JulyiofSavoytoFrance. Bewould state maday beOB O a O n a n , Lord^teUtofcseepttheadvtosof the Kmasror to give up thespeech oftered congratulations on the friendly position of Portugal in regard to all nations.CAPE OP GOOD HOPE.Cape of Good Hope dates are to the 23d December.Trade waa doll, but hmpro.mg. All was quiet on the frontier.The firat electric telegraph at the Cape was in foil ope- ration.Sir JobaWykle, arte Chief Justice of the colony, wasINDIA AND CHINA,the India and China mails, from Calcutta December 23,aad Hong Kong December 1 3 , have been delivered. Tbetr news waa generally anticipated.The death of Neaa Sahib was regarded aa almost eer ten. He is said to have died of fever,and that hmchiei advamr in the Cawnpore massacre survived m a only a lew says.aa being taken op rapidly hi Calcutta for utoChias. Thirty vessels had already been ae-Hong Kong correspondent of theB a n t h e o n l y p o i n t o f a n y i m p o r t a n c e w a s t h e i n t e n d e d«ta—a,,,r jrlMMBai A-—«—Oaaaaaa, the new American treaty, aad the former tt fevored nation chums under the old supteas were tan, aad at Poo Chaw bigber., the Powhatan sad the Hartford,, were all at Hong Kong.ef January 10 report the markets dull and messy tighter. Evensage on London fo. Id. aIn freightaan important ram bad taken place.AUSTRALIA.to the lffth of December report aTBS POST OCT1CS AFPROPlUATIO> S H I .The Post Office Appropriation bill will to-morrow be re-turned to the Senate, which will surrender im abolition of the franking privilege amendment, in view of the two- thirds vote of the House against it. Mr. Burnett has given notice of his Intention to introduce a bill to effect the ob. jeet as an independent measure.read in reference to that State and the Supreme Court of the United States—when I read that history I will only say, that while I will baton with all patience to any one who lectures me m reference to the Supreme Court, I will ask the man who undertakes it if be has read the solemn judicial decision of his own State, in which, asthe House should go into Committee oa the Post Office bill. Mr. HILLsaid his purpose was to procure a fuli at-tendance. Some of hia friends were absentMr. SBXXMAS replied they were insect on their own re-sponsibilityMr.Mosxis,(A.L.dem.) of Dl, aaid the daaaeeratewere willing to take a vote for Printer to-morrow,and not before.Mr. SBxmtAX said thee lection of Printer was sot worth adjourning ever for an hour.Mr. BILL thought it was.Mr.SBUTB,(dem.)ofVa, desired to give reasons tor postponement but was called to order.forbidden u publish the |Mg«8opf>JyofwenaadtaMow,aBdprloaa*»lmhM. AtXBCBAI- OS TBB FTOITIVK SLAVS LAW.Mr. HAXLAS, (rep.) of Iowa, presented a petition infavor of rapaaliag the Fsgtove Stave taw. y rsimoBS von SOUHBBB.Mr. BiGtrx, (dem.) of Pa., presented a memorial in favor of granting peasants to the soldiers of the war of 1812 aad Indiaaf w a r sm V A T B CLAMSMr. lvBBBOB, (dem.) of Oa., reported a targe number ofprivate bills whiuh bad been passed upon by the Court of ClaimsTBXamiAx was OBBTorCAUTOBXIA.Mr. Gwrx, (dem ) of Gal, introduced a resolution in- structing the Committee oa Military Affairs to inquire into the expediency of maktog provision for the payment ofthe Indian war debt of California. Adopted. BAItBOAB TO TBX FACTflC.Mr HACX, (lem.) of Cat, introduced a bill for the con- struction of a railroad from the MMsiatippi river to the eastern boundary ot'Californta.CLAIMS SXOWISO OCT OF TBX CBBBX 1XDLUI W AX.Mr. Fnaxaouca, (dem ) of La., introduced a bill to pro- vide far the exammattoaof claims of citizens of ueorgia and Alabama for loases SBStainwl in the Creek war in1890. Referred.TBB raorscTKn or BLATXBT IS TBXTsxxntanss.Mr. Browns rtaotnttoaa were called ap.Mr. HAIX, (rep ) of N. H., aaid he had sat this session in comaarative sileace, while the State which he in part jwavd b€-Ni accuat3<i of varioQa nstonstroua The Senate was not the tribunal before which could be arraign*!. Public opinion was the onlytrttwnaal before which the henate could beto-fed,aad vltu- for argnmiati.hold a convention, even toss the Cincinnati Con- vention, to I860, without a resolution against banks sad tte power of Congress to charter them That to about all the democracy did Down Ban for a Ions- time If yon appealed to them, they could not listen until they bad gone aao fired a volley over the dead narrass of the United States Bank. Mr. Bate then read from the records of Jefferson, Jackson a n d Buchanan, substantiating h a position. He (Has?) knew something of the htotory of the United nates Court and of parties with reference to ft. He knew this war, commenced by Jefferson. and continued by Jackson, waa earned on until the democratic party beat the Court, sad then, when they got such decisions aa party policy demanded, thisWhole on the 8tate of the Unton.Was then taken up.Mr. PBTOB. (dem.) of Va.fsvored tte abolition of tta franking prrvikge, by which speeches wore circulated which were aerer read, and seel distributed which 1Mr. Moon, (S- opp ) of K y ., opposed this so-ealfed re form. There to a fight which 1and the only way to get it to histhe franxmg privilege.Mr. IiAwas, (rap.) of Mass., lowing tte exchange of newspapersperiodic*:, had received a1afteetin —n "Tbi•••••• ••i.ttip a stjSkV Abowool, uikw and hides were in less demand.PORTUGAL.ofhighstanding,weredaily NEWSFEOMWASHINGTON.affriendshipandsatireofcultivating facetofacewtthrerofution. Senators,weallfeelttintba frwndJy reatioas with this SBIHBBBIIBI amount to but chamber We Bear tt ariBlataiirl here every day. Wedrawn up a circular possibility of the anof Savoy and Nice to France.Caswor'a contemplated v a n to Paris and Londonrequires Oorsica from France m Nice at aaajaaaaaai itaamntn offoundation.On the fTth af January the Sardinian Minister for FoAnna for*arded a circular to the Sardinian Am abroad on the quettioo of Central Italy. Oalittle. They persatently refuse taitsaiaHy to oar govern The Kansas Wyandot Consti- ment for losses which have occurred byseizu-e of Tea-b^ar it proclaimed daily ia the other branch of We bear tt from Stat*prtss, and frees thefeaglb aad breadth i fther, and says, " We are virtually a civil war, aad nasi are the causes of tt. ft a kaown aad felt aa ads fiasr 1 leel and know that a targe body of these Senators art- enemas af my country, f know theyLaetnos, Feb. 2,1M0. The Chamber of CcsaaaeTC^ of Calais has thanked theImpcror of France for hw project ofThe address saya that the reduction of dnty an the cotton and thread employed ia the manufacture ef tulle canenable It to contend against foreign competition but with that reductim the amaafaatsrara are ready to accfjajame struggle.The Hasgartan rTotastut ilipalattaa bad toft Vienna without obtaining aa audience of the Emperor. Bat to admit to hat presence two members of be asaaasnmasaaiatoly,aad asariasae ndtrMtaaM.batof aa the raghta aad pilrlasgsaof their ohureh, brceat nothing Atas. VthsBmperor oomplies.it he tantamount to a ooataMton that the Aaatma solicj for the last few veers had completely failed. One 'ide or the ottwrmimt in the end give way. and a vioinattaragsnatauwd.tottPariaonthe1stmat forthesouthofFeb. 1.1W0. lore* attacked the , bet were repulswi.»tbetween tta '^.^tiuaas, (torn.) of Texas, did not srewa^poblahsees' has arm enderiahms u _jwaaCJO"T*atoherreeiie*ce,andoffl^rQuinnt-^kaartea^aaithe driver b a i ^ J « ^ Ifcanolly, wlw MaU fcai for es-can eittsans, sad nc efforts are made by thatttjedrsaj neat,or bring u» fsr^euangf to aceognj,Large bodies of saeaThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tution in tne Senate.of acnator Hale on the Slavery QneMtton.Posfpouement of the Election ofTNE POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL. Removal and Appointment of Officers ofsals sad aisptity beiongtog to aiimrican ciUzens.This aatter, together with the Peruvian difficulty, tobefore the President, and he will doubtless take aushac tion as the importance of tht subject dementia,AFT-USB a BXX1C0.Additional iateliigeace was received at the Departmentof State this Bwrsfeg from Mexico, dated Vera Crux, January 2J. Advices bad been received there that Mam- mon wonld leave oa the 28th, with a large force, for the purccse of attacking Vera Cruz It was reported that he had raised the necessary tends to carry out theexpediHals sfaowadbowed that the Brtoctptea of the republican n a mthe Howe,eVc,firmed. Ne mention is made of the report that the Eag- fixed aad determined purpose, ia aptte of the assaaadton, catastrophe. The judgment of mat tribunal, I have nofice, $1,800.Moses E. Fbmnegan, of California, (A. L. dem) LendOffice. $1,800.R J. Bennett, oi Ohio, (rep.) Clerk to take charge ofthe boohs voted members, $1.800.John BupJag,of New,York, (A. L. dem) StationeryRoom, $1,800-S C Boynton, of Ohio, (A. L dem ) Stationery Boom,$1,800.J. W. Jones, of Ohio, (rep.) Principal Messenger, $1,-762.Wm. K. MennOey.of Minnesota, (rep.) Clark to Journaliae Petitions, retained, $1,800.JAB. Peacock, of Pennsylvania, (rep.) Land Office, $1,800. Geo. H. Chapman, of ndiaoa, rep.) Lend Office, $1,800. Wm. Hartaagb, of New Jersey, (A. L. dem.) retainedas Messenger in the South extension of the Capitol, $1,600. Isaac Strohm, or Ohio, (rep ) $1,800.RutusPrentice, of Kentucky, (American), 11,500.Pbineas B. Tompkins, oi New York, (rep) Lead Of- fice, $1,800.Geo. Cmpman, of Vermont, (rep.) $1,800.Daniel Busk, of Vermont, retained, $1,800.Geo. C. Baker, of New York, (rep ) Land Office, $1,800. Sasa'l W. Power, of Peaasylvania, (rep.) Asnstint inthe library. $1,200.J. P . Allen, of Connecticut, (rep.) Land Office, $1,800. Wren Forney, of Pennsylvania, (A. 1- dem.) Assistantat the Clerk's Desk, $1,200.Dennis A. McEIhone, of Pennsylvania, (A. L. Dem )Amatent Messenger, $1,200. .,„„F r e d . E m m e r t c k s , o f t h e D i a J t f r t o f C o l u m b i a , A s s i s t a n tMessenger, retained, $1,200. / 'J. B Briggs, of lows, (rep.) $T, 800.Isaac Ectwiatle, of D. C , Principal Engineer, retained.$1,600.Felix McCluaky,of N. Y., (A. L dem) Aast. Engineer,$1,200JacobShindei, ofPa., (A. I. dem V$1,200AiroisTaDcrre cosFiaaum.The Senate had a short executive session to-day, andconfirmed a few unimportant appointments. The President sentinanumberofappointmenisof Postmasters,District Attorneys and Land Officers, which were referred to ap-Mr. BAYAKD, (.t'ui } at 1*1 , -*3.K1 the resolution wat no:' propriate committees. The Committee on Commerce in the form of AJ 'ost'ttgttcii, but merely looked u> tneunanimously reported back the nomination of Generaj making of a oa» x • •"•;-•.Vlr.Dooums. irt^.)ofWis,movedtoamendthereso lotion, by instructing the eominittee to report a bill for the immediate admission of Kansas under the Wyandot con- stitution.Mr. Puea still aaid he would vote against all instruc- tions, but he osuld vote for Mr. Brown's resolution merely of inquiry.that ever lived, and that the general government had been more faithful to its eonstttuttonal obligations than It bad been for fifty years Well, BOW what more did he want* He (Mr. Hale) claimed only toNew Hampshire, and New Hampshire bad notcenture. He read the laws of New Hampshire tomat that State bad not refused to return fugitives from labor when they were reclaimed by an officer of the United States, or other person, In the execution of a legal process. They bad but a small body of colored men in hie State, and so far as he knew there was no distinction in regard to their personal and political rights, exoept in that they were sot enrolled in the militia, and be hoped they always would have the same rights. The attenton of h a State had been turned to the unprotected state of the colored population before Mto decision of the Supreme Court to the Dred Scott case, in 1817, by a case of kid- napping,andthentheselawsweremadefortheirbenefit. At that time It produced a great deal of excitement, but it was ealy against the man who had done it He believed to day they would hare had just exactly as much right and reason to charge that kidnapping upon the stave States of the I'D"»n as tbe stave States have to charge the raid of JohnLf•.*uuponthefreeStates. Hedidnotknow thatWhitney,asCollectorof Boston, butan objection beingMr. HILL, (8. opp.) of Ga., moved to adjourn.Mr. 8Bxxaux wanted to know the object of adjourn-O B nUSKIBCThe Bouse is decidedly against abolishing the frankingprivilege, as was shown by its treatment of the Senate amendment to-day. On this subject the Senate will pro- bably recede, and the Poet Office bill will become a law. ABSJVAI or jrsw Yonxxxs.A large number of Mew Yorkers arrived here this eve- ning, among them Fornand Wood and Judge Russell. They are stopping at Willard"a.rATBXBT 0* STOLES TSBASCST XOfBB.The Attorney General has given an opinion to the Secre t a r y e f t h e T r e a s u r y i n , f a v o r o f t h e p a y m e n t t o T a y l o r &Brother,ofNew York, of the amountof Treasury notes which had been stolen from a former owner and trans- ferred to them after maturity. The Attorney General maintains that Treasury notes, though transferred after maturity, are Bot subject to equities between previous parties, and that payment should be made to the actual holders.TBX BOSBBTBAO BOX.Upon the notice given In the House a few days since byMr. trow, of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Aldrich, of Minne iota, that they would severally, upon a subsequent day, introduce a homestead bill, those gentlemen, both being span the Committee on Agriculture, have recently been engaged to perfecting a bill, and the committee have in- structed Mr. Grow to report the same to the House. The bill unreduced into former Congresses by Mr. Grow in eluded only the a a d subject to private entry. Tne new but covers all land subject to pre emotion, aad extends the right to all who are BOWsettled as well as those whomay hereafter settle.Tex POST omfx PBJLinrc.The action af the House to-day in concurring by so large a majority to the Pamir, aaaaaxaaal giving out the printing of the Peat Office banks to the towest bidder is saaaMmrsd "by the lepubltoaaa s se- vere blow at Mr. Bowman, of the Casambaam Those who know assert Mat it will deprive Bowman of at toast thirty aasaaad dollars of plunder par annum. The ealy thing that grieves some ef the republicans is thatthisplunder,bytheaction ofthe Houseto-day,will mil mto the hands of Weed and Wandsfl through De-vcree*. U a said that Mr. Itorrisain la gratified at thewClkaUSJW VIHJyOVVU , saw ««n OjpT^"an ^a a*a» V^IAaJU WvmMMC IAAUVago that there appeared to him to be a great deal too piundermthe job, aw rates being as muchtt executed by autohinery, u theyu was ocas byproceedings excite m public ocaat ChUs,brought bytry to prefer a bill ofiithe jnrtodlction ot thethe tribams! wbfeh hathe speech vary much Mutt thought, violative of paratt OB«peculiar merit, and ttgave btmptoaa ledge it. It was put m taa shape af aaar,i ,^ tna^a? ia^^ ^^t,v^**H«-A ***** • migMikwi and w^wi tw wmwa w^aasv^ewvw, aaa aaw<w^^^ ^_which it w»» J?*?r.'Z7^um |K, moDte were the onlv uaa- •ajaaandtheCaitedamass,MWjm^m—,«• » y w _.~»thaicouldsettlethe questionstawoe;aao,ttesoat-J ^ oMbe Stoto of Virgaaa IMt. m " ^ t t acfamttra 1theress veryof en ass resaMaadfjBttofallUtoOur Bevotulion was tte revolution, "the culmination of Christianity andatoaparttof freedom, the last trialby dmae ProvMto&ce to aw artsther sunn was cssahte efJ^J^^.^rtSwtatowa the»K* mill were ssaeh atefthesaiiisaiatoth*body•'Mr aadarastored1FBXVttBHX.frost the committee. The administration does net be-lieve tt to be good policy to hare oar Mexican affliredragged before the Bsaato, and the black republican ple ef the slaveboldmg States of their equal Senators made aware of all the secrets connected with enjoyment of aad equal rights In the common Tsr-this matter, sad then reject the treaty. But the prospect now is that the treaty will receive some republican strength.The republican Senators intend having a conferencer i t o r f e s a f t h e U n i t e d S t a t e s , a s e x p o u n d e d by the Supreme Court, and of seeking to get the control of the federal government, with the intent to enable tt to accomplish this result b y the overthrow of the federal judiciary. Thirdly, I charge that the targe numbers of persons belonging to this organization are daily commit ting offences sgatost the people and property of these conthis week on the subject of the Mexican treaty. At toast federated States, which, by the taws of nations, are good five of their number « • be necessary to its ratification, and sufficient causes of war even among independent Ststee, and Governors and Legislatures of Btatoa electedststont Librarian, $1,200.John M. Barclay, of Indiana (rep.) Journal Clerk, re In addition to the democratic vote. Apart from the ef- by tbem have repeatedly committed simitar asta " Thai tbem from the mazes of that despotism under which theyState court except Wisconsin. He bad said that Capt. Sawyer, ef the Navy, died this evening, after a the country waa prosperous beyond any countryvice in 1812.State had to tafc* the census h->r--ili'. v :.•< . awl t>y nobody it.'.h more em;L.,'°i8 than theThe CBAIBsaid be must, under the rule, call up as thespecial order the bill prohibiting the issue of bank notesunder twenty dollars hi the District of Columbia By ate as 1864, the Supreme Court of Georgia boastedgeneral consent, however, petitions and reports were re- ceived.Tax Bxresrr ox rax WAR I.V TBX CXXKBA.Mr. DAVIS, (dem.) of Mae, offered an order that the reports of Majors De lalield and Mordeeai be returned tothat they had treated the Supreme Court of the tinted Statca with profound contempt. Sir, this doctrine about the infallibility of the Supreme Court to a new time from that aide of the House. It is a very good doctrine. What to the history of the democratic party with refe rence to the Supreme Court of the United States? I will state tt briefly, aad then, give the proof. From the time that Mr. Jefferson came into power, down to the time that the Supreme Court struck their flag, there was an open, undisguised hostility on the part of the democratic party against the Supreme Court of the United States, promul-the War Department,congresshavingrefusedtoprintthem.Agreed to.The motion to adjourn, aapportod votes, was negatived.Mr BaxxsnAis, (torn.) e f Thursday the other side said I into the election of Printer, aad festtoa the questionby only twenty -eightto stead by as the AttoFaayam.memorial of the chamber ofMr. SSWARD presented tCommerce of New York on the subject of including the gated by the most prominent men, written everof CMaamerce to the census. Ordered to beprinted.He also presented a petition in favor of granting pen-sions to the soldiers of the war of 1812.Aao, a petition in Barer of the Homestead bin Be*ferrad.l l l S a a H I B S S TO P A I X r i B B H .Mr.SnoBB, (rep.)ofMass.,introducedaresolutionin-and over again by Jefferson, made the baste of action by Jackson, an 1 proclaimed on tte floor efMm Senate by Buchanan. Again, Mr, the Supreme Court de cided that the Bsak of the United 8ttonal, and I believe that the very next time that party held a national convention their reverence for the S u p r e m e C o u r t w a s s o g r e a t t h a t t h e y i n c o r p o r a t e d i n t o theirplatformthatCongressbadnotthepowertocharter a bsak. notwithstanding the Supreme Court redeemed; and to show their pertinacity, they kept that to a yearthere were two ballots without athe democratic aide were not ready morrow. H e proposed that, b yjess bo paasd ewer till to BtoxTaw, n amMr. SsBXXAit would not object if such understand tag.This was acquiesced to.antes have used the power which has asby many of the States to assail sad destroy the were thMosae of the early fathers, and If UktUmon^raitohe says —"These public rasaatos are abamtaateto, whotion, bot Hwas thought that reverses which his party ha have formed a coalition with all the stray deaertera ot all there can be so shadow of doubt h*ttos fabric toencounteredwiththeUbaaajs intheirrecentengagements tornxrpoliticalparties,and,thebettertoconcealtheirreal 1desiretovindicatetheStateIharethehonoriOTI TSXATY WITH BBBDOOLThe Senate Committee oa Foreign Affairs met this morn Cnicn." The Senator seemed aware that thai was pretty Baal tribunal of sB ntlsai aad tedividuato, the in-high ground, for he says—"Sir. I know these an tegrityofourpositionwhoawet lag, and had under consideration the Mexican treaty. strong charges. I have sot made tbem Hghtty. of the republic stood to<After a long conference, In which the whole subject of 1speak in sorrow, not in anger. •I make them with pain, you now ocmplain of as soXBX GTIllOTOTE AT WdllNMSBiMlll I BUCQBXBB Of TBS our Mexican affairs was fully discussed, it was postponed not pleasure. I feel it a duty I owe to my country, to my from a fair share of the Terntoras and pubbc ]Our Special Waahtagton Despatch. WA8HT!«GTON , Feb. 14,180Uthe verdict of posterity iof enlightened public sentiaaent will be heard, aad will be pronwinoed, and you cannot divide i t I hold tear/ bands, sad mast beg to read, aa exposition of tba tre mendona agent, which I once heard from aao of the most distmgufebed men afnow ao more. Mr. Hale then read from tte speech Danielthat If in lbs Hungarian exilesEmperor of Turkey,aad imeet the indignation of the civilised world,bere, said Mr. Bale. 1 nave ao threats tono denunciations to make. I stand here a s tte ilive of a Stale thu claims to be observant of thetion. I aland here for aobligations resting upon it latand hero to-dayaa atof the L'nhed States to apeak for my country, for the con- •titution, for the oppressed of earth, for those in our land looking to tte light of our example tm something to gmdefendittotneutmost amert.trtftfr fectsorproprietyoflbstreaty,thequestionastothetostchargewasratherindefinite,andwasprobablyin-havegroanedforages.AnyfratricidalhandratoaitHtisfcProposttoBtotheSettlementofwereonlywaagrant-dtohtm.The Neapolitan General, Aamelb, had demanded rate-Colonel Forney caused to be poUticaJly executed to day atthenational Capitol,the following democrats,who served under Colonel Allen, ate Clerk of the House — John F. Carter, John Bally, Wm. H. Mmnix, & D. Bey nolds, M. P . Bean, Wm. H. Topping, D. F . Atkins, John Ketchell, D. A. Carter, J. C. Guild, A. B. Potts, C. F. Cone an! John S. Meehaa.AiTULTtBBJT Ot 8TB0BDQUTE OfPICBBS Of THE BOCBB. Colonel Forney officially annooseed the following appointmenta to-day.—P. Barry Hayes, Chief Clerk, salary. $2,160.C C. Chaffee, of Massachusetts, (rep.) Librarian, $1,900. A. Jordan Scflwarts.of Pennsyraitia ( A L. asm.), A s.until the next meeting, when definitive action will be hadupon it. It will undoubtedly be reported as a majorityofthecommitteeareinfavorofit,butunlessthereisareasonable hope of its ratification it will not be reported Slates in many of the States of this Union, aad has enwhole country, to apeak the troth plainly, that the people may know and perchance avoid the public calamity " He then makes the following charges —"I charge, thattttiSasssaaanaahasannulledaadmadeofa fundamental priociple of the constitution ef the UnitedSenate from deorgto; and i. the State of Wisconsin toguilty in sec ling Senators bere, after deciting that statuteto be unconstitutional, I will appeal to the honorableSenator himself, waiving the enlightened sentiment ofmankind, sod taking bis opinion upon what he thinks ofthe State of Georgia after reading the record I propose to ment He suggested one more vote for Printer. Thenstructing the fiaiiiilllin an Patents to inquire into the expediency of so amending the patent laws as to abolish allrtarriwrtnatton between American citizens sad foreigners after the United States Bank was dead aad barfed, aad and a bid for tht payment of consular and diplomatic ex in the matter of foes in n e tssuing of patents. Adopted. its memory rotten. Still the democratic party could not prases. Tbey wore rsawrid to tte Co amities of ttatMnMaaeleaadtoB, -Want atojp n a n aaawn* nMj ••*»wastages ysmof .feBtdtotte BToaBd^hyJh*^^""^ ^ ^10bat b ej , | ^ . a ine captuaaaad to devote sasss hatfe aamn^^ ^^fr^a*Av M^KFases taw taaaiorUntitled DocumentK**»»>*aA1 asstsst tasse B ^-^ ^%*ai.incountiy from crytog oat -gr*Tr* tte absurdity I tot _ — - •-•.--.— - Tin a i M f la AA, flgbting tins life kmg battle, became great sticklers De binding effect of the decisions of tte Supreme Court I know how the court has been filled up, and I only appeal to the candid judgment of my country whan I say that the men appointed for the last thirty years bare been appointed more on account of their pontics than judicial Warning and legal reputation. As a general rule tt to politicians of the trade of lawyers,who fill ap that bench- I know those are appointed who possess ansae sort of legal reputaban, bat not enough to keep tte wholeAltar farther debate Mr. Dawsot the appointment A ad BOW, air, having earned out this war. and the Supreme Court having come down from the high position which the constitution assigned it, w work to your party harness, side by side wftltors and tu nrsseniariv«» n c ippeawe on.caucuses, you have great reverence stand with the fathers of the States,. a ? . » « M ? T « & t t t t o ^ M? 'BaS-ttt^taM^GeorgiaInfor it. I tomheaay*^SP!mVmSSBe aao read the to-TheMtfSenate's blanks ofXLhha,too, upontte^to^awhaoto "-JSK^tne Caned States.Sr no, eer^^C»rtedBttBMStates CourtAid net ext to the maadate of theMr SBXBMAX reported a bill for the payment ot snvatid and other peaeiona. a bill to support the ntihtary Academy,2iam5S^^U>.) Hehed so toes tba Beasts was in earnest to a g the anaaadmeatthat body. ,_, .Mr fis—'**" would make noAte Senate'sto cease debate aad have ttaTne committee rose andattevtte bill to the 1 Oftoatto by l t othe fraakiag pnvi 11a.tn the Post Otux D e'«lege, was rejected.* Trti'^l^the^oad^The^ex^ www.fultonhistory.com 