 t4m^mJM$ mmm^i^ tHmm^m.^'vBil«i^ Cotton, Sural* apd fOd^^r. Coffee, To MM. unholy lost of power, wfaiqh is iNolved Mr. Dow as. certain, and he is one wlkb in that Witen (he tine (ot action arrirtM It winBOOLKTfc CAMPBELL'S, NiUo>s Saloon—EimoKurSociety,sell himcountingcountry,feated to the triumphant, Iw aays :TH^«KB8.port^Threats opon thm Talne of Bregroes. Tlie Richmond Whig, the Raleigh (N. 0.)ty-secondwards^iasbeenlongandacrimonious-largerOiNJiL-STBKKT-No. OT On. FAiBmiea.-WamooK'i Fail CiuitTthefollowingsummarywillgiveanoutline.Register.To sum up all, we may say that in the and his vote will decide the vote of his State. racy, wlio, by a long oouise of maladministntio^and waste of thecorruptions,the condiUon of their expuUlon." *In North Carolina the determination t*a *eek or two ago, at which Ex-Gov. Qbahax;ea»i«toCongressional Districtsin our City, there wouldthe fusion now madethe ^elusive monopoly footsteps."small a standing^army as we now find cient to protect the whole Union ? WoaidOTW.YWmHowtoEleettwa oneaddreseforFitsDollaes.embracedwith-ofthislineofaigiument,—no other p^ier having stultified Itself by following in itsfm* JMbn md a Hal/ m «» conipCTUotton.that four if will return Republicanveryproduce a full concen- decisive for those wjio accept partisan^ThtHW-aSifeTIMBS ("F">"«'^* Slave-trade, and dswn the value of ne- bringrepresentatives toiKJarcely be to expectedasser- protection of aj<ar i j«n*en.Dou.a.8 .»<* receive;slaveholding BepublicThe«t««Sg|pea> JnShsurprise those who know thelogic. Waexmav,has weremainunconvinced.Jfitt^rroMheyaw-To c Tim... New-York City. gAaiaa«ai«tatIiU BtmIbc.luxur}'cheap negroes deprivationthe Tammany Society.ratify but little hold over the affections oftion of theAOADW'in thedangerthan the election of Lincolnone of theBoBCBT E; Scoit, Esq., of Fauquier, in whit*advices were partly anticipated by a brief tele-ment. This latter is circumstancestand by the Union is equally An iaa- strong.should vote on the " Do wish to question, you Italythey will continue to depreciate unless a stopmeasures resorted to by a desperate disimion short (three-quarters of a mil^) journeybyliveredanimportantspe^hontheoccaaon.The steamship iUtlCSu, wliich left Havre on theofthemostobtuseVirginiaslaveholder**Just consider a moment While the people ofUnited States which Mr. Cobb has been sus- pected of coveting. They were delivered in the calm and privacy ol his hotel parlor to certainaverage, theyby trackWeekly)-T»<>Con-^ol- groes, that the profits upbn, cotton might be giess. Indeed, it would not in the least tration of the anti-Republican vote. The Re- tions for«« »p'«-n "*;^^MtWe confess, however, that there is the civil list, including the Post-oflfa^ito.•'althoughourarmy cmaUrta thonsaadFI^"^f"solve the Union, in order to open the African cerUintybysuffi-Di"-thatthe object of the secederseconomicaluas • lewAitf pmem wto inR tent «* i^lu* ?f«*»«f* .>nfl( Kcnre on erfro capfftir UmiOf, or retain breaking up the Democratic Party, to dis-k^J^publican candidate, Abbahammeans,'"theappear every both these gentlemen and the nomination inupon the honor, humanity and patriotism of «^^?Si^;oTc";sr"KSii ^'"- "> '"*P'«"' their own declarations;^ or those of their news-woric,to.been actively at work during the past four orj^SSi^TeTeryMali •""«"•All 4hefar embittered by personal hatreds and rivalries are the various factions of the Democracy, that it may weU be doubted whether the re- bellious rank andJUe can be induced toby their votes anywhich they liave not been peiaonally consult- ed.they please, but the masses wlU not suffer their suflSrages to be huckstered hither and thither without any voice in the final selec- tion of theirimitatingKil-if it win 80 far condescend to our enlightenment.dullness as—v«bu-r- oo th.cans on theof next November. mies were"organizing victory," *hilehi8 ene-the absordity of the point, and shall feel under special oUigatioas to the Journal ofCommerceThe Union Feclibb ineyes to the ruin which the Cotton State poli- Siajihic Nummary from CapeBace. By the Asia ticians would bring upon them, since they al-we team that tremendous military preparationsare made Austria in Tenetia, and a rumor ready begin to experience the effects of agi-rather un- the Eighth they have at least as good a chance fortunate for Mr. Wood, amidst a constituen- as their opponents.Lincoln,, and secure his election. .Now, we put it to the Journal of Com- mense demonstration took place at Salisburybeing by for disunion and the in an was current that a large force had crossed tiie Po tating Slave-trade,OneWe learn that various efforts have beenmade to interest Mr. Buchanan'swith elo- greatpowerdistinguished gentlemen, writ-Mentry of the Sardinian troops into Neapolitan ter- disunion raisol by these cotton planters, producing a ritory. However this may be, a semi-official feeling of uncertainty—a want of confidence in thearticle in the Constitutionnel alleges that Ihe act, holders ofa»well as the invasion of the Papal States, areopportunitymakingthe House and the [particularly worthyties deny, and otliers state positively, that Rus-percent. Whathasproducedtills suddendeclinefSON is a gentleman long and favorably knownsteadycontemptuous negative.and forfor its ea-flagrant violations of theof neutrali-Of the two"aty and iion-interventitm involted by Piedmonthenell TheFrencharmyinEome,itisreported,willbeincreasedto60,000men. OurforeignfilesftliliiJi as with interesting details of the great«tHi^^ at Voltnmo, in which Garibaldi achievedof the United States wUl ever assemble," and for this reason is quite willing that the Republicans should "elect all thedangerern fire-eaters would precipitate them.principlesthosesignedly created this panic."ticket.Mr. Matheb is the stronger, just at present,in value here in theheroism. Telegrams dated the 13th inst. say that market the largest ^ave aiarket in theAlbany,&ailway.-^.so a victory And displayed such undaunteddepreciated —Richmond81^1^expresstrainsrecenUytb0 IKclator's troops had succeeded in fiMh'positions under the walls of Capua. Severeto avail themselves to the full.-v^ews entertained by Mr. Cobb are sentatives. Twoplacedvantages, not to say refinements of railwqr transit, as compared with the general staad-occupying Unionappear likely Thesehad beendaining that on the 2l8t inst. the Neapolitans knowing what they are talking about. Andfor thecannonadingitept up duringthe11th,ingall the more from the with significant privacywhich they have been uttered. They were notprepared for a letter to scare Wall-street intostruggles10th New-York, put into Halifax, short of Virginia, in consequence of^^e disunionias^SOT agitation,coal, an^fas expected to leave again yesterday are compelled to dispose of meir slaves at a loss on for this port, where she will be due to-morrow. original prices of thre^ or four hundred dollars a head,The health of all on board is reported good. Advices from Havana to the 23d inst. representzuela had arrived at Havana.The steamship MaiaHzai,frora Matamoras, Cuba,on the 22nd inst., arrived at this port yeateidav.of his ownaa strict conformity with the laws of the land, Camden and Amboy excepted,) and Inded taithe Sugar market as unchanged, and the crops and all the other Gulf States? Why these ,with luxuriousthe ornamental traction which needs no fiirther comment.Cotton promising. The late Spanish Minister to Vene- States gentlemen want to buy negroes, and areprovidedsmoking —zuela, the Spanish Consul at Laguayra, and one to them—and are they hundred and twenty Spanish emigrants from Vene- obliged buy they obliged to buy themhave influenceMr. James W.member of the Fusionon Saturday night, rather moremany estates will commence grinding early in making it at the expense of Virginia December.bratedmake it quite worthy of those great originals. Intoneandgeneraldignityofstyle,itisquiteup to their average level. Mr. Gkeakd addressedThe British steamerMf.ibhotisk, left on Saturday for Liverpool riaand who are to obtain their obligedtending to believe, tlijit next 4th of March-term- inates the historydfthe UnitedStatei.it is quite right lor him as a Southern man toMiaveCity of Matichester, Capt. Queenstowu,with 150 passengers and $150,000, andnecessaiy supplleii of negroes from vs, are interested in keeping tip agita- tion on the question of di^unioa, knowing that such agitation will kee/i down the price of negroes in Vir-the Bremen steamer iVVtr-IBM, for Southampton and Bremen, with lU pas- giniasengers and $197,900 in specie, besides $ft,000 pounds of silver ore. Among the passengers is Capt. M. V. Maury, of the National Observatory at Wasliiagton.leadinguponpolitical partyF.Unam. of Newbiir>-, Mass., which foundered atand relies the Irish vote of the uponcorruption was gmning the ascendency but ithave noare explicit. Tlte Raleigh Register, which in- draw off. obliged to discuss it on its merits and in all its loftier estimate of his own position^eneral)!e Rector of St. ia cat off the George'smust be remembered that are ;things constantlymayto serve.Theywill fore theas a merehrai d.but liechanginf with time, and to achieve good, he en- forceo the necessity of firmness and continuance in faith.The friends of the Fusion electoral ticket in tliisState assembled at Cooper Institute on Saturday"Yurk, Capt.VoK San-— the upper part of the road is peculiarly finenpivpiitqpBT<n^9 ^W-"WW«|t Seto-|rt 'fimes; C^Timts. Bacon, Mow art* BoM rere more to rale or to dissolve thesoueht a«er. Porit, Beef, Laid, Molasses, Naval GoTfemmenf, theyevery way tnerits the honor now his reward.proposedaa be detMeped into an aetire, Tigoroos aadre- and the ways andmeanii Umb^^^TVivr-TOBK. X0N9AT, O0I08K9 M, 18*0.fltU Park, oa Fwk-row, 8»raee aal NunnThe KSW-TOBK TDiXS (Dilly) b published erery apcnint and «mali«—Piiea Two Cists, serred tt ntiOaaT«aar«lcn*IIadaizBoLuisajear. i tbeireW-TORK TMES (8emI-Wtekly)-THKii:were rather quiet. The freight engage- groes in Virginia, in order thatthey may buyThe Eighththe Twelfth,n urtn. —anailTTM"^' ff^ womd^l«„-Stores, Hemp, Metals, Seeds, Fish, Oils, Bice and add a despicable purpose of cheapening ne-•istlesB organization in anpport of the C«B- stitution.-be fuDy brought out.ForinJS^*^1Suicesn^nts were moderate, with 4»S vessels of wU them on their ownterms,District^comprising Eighteenth,NineteeBth,Twenty-first a^dTwen-an|Vnavy,poaaesaed by^^Tn^^classes inPablUhed la ths Auk BanOnc, fMBUnc the City Objects of Disunioalats—EflTeet of their City CongressioBal Distrieta—Prospects ly contested between Akson Hebbick, the Tam-negrolabor is"Wakxman, in order to obtain Republican votesthe vicissitudes of in the partiesand other Influential Soathem jour-parties make haste to unite far did this contestUs eleetion Webelieve the Tuns hasand theWould the South feel secure witu soRegister,nals, chargefrom the Charleston Convention was, bygo,Mm, to prevmtofbythemen, scale.navyon thesamehiglfer." This is a very imputation graveinfluencesWedon't see By quitelet there be aSouthernOonvek-already snperabnndant,and willits probable operation in the various Districts, for their candidate forand more especially as it is and the-toicio. The rumor was not generally enormous reduction in the price of negroes. believed that the great body of Ameri-LogicalDisnnionist.spokefor the Union.*^,^*l^v--n!?!f_L".!!L*''!?!f^°"l^®!^*''f5^*e pubUc. The following very pointed remarks of thepossibiUtythat Hon.the seems anxious to try.experiment the Journal We have great faithFourth-avenue, in cars which, aa to eieaali- ness and plentiiiilness of upholat«ry, are farfurther Northand hence the trade in long regularhad cause tothat the New- complain Yorkand influentialofcase 'with the people of the cotton;Albanyin five aa hours, by arrangementsas clock work. The new aad bagga|ehow stands theStates—with the people of Yancey's State, Alabama,ful ordeal which the Journal invites. A Small Personal Matter.regularmail cars arerooms, well wanned aad ventilated aa at-of A'irginia, too^ And, what is more to the point, theythey thought, mightGebabd, Party,andthem cheaper, by tkree oryour hundred dollars a head, than they ha^e been enabled to buy them for longCocnxAXK andthemagnateofWashingtondeclinedtointer- facetiousthanusual. Weregrettofindinit,are noir them, in buyinggreat numbers,buyingMessrs. Matbkk,speechTheCityandharborofMatan^aswereveryhealthj^Tlieie had been ah active demand for those quali- years past. And why do they get them cheaper now ! between the rival Democratic nominees, withfere, on the grounds stated.sugars^uitedtheir oirn and tltreats abmit secession and agitationIn this, it mustbeconfessed,invitedattention.reverhfrating upper partto the Spanish market but Why, for the simple reiison tliat, in consequriice of ;more nothing thanaties ofottier cla.«»«a were duU, though holders influencedby lli!».iiniavorable adTMes of the Louisiana cropeviBeednodispositiontoadmitlowerprices. There ketsof Virgii.iais every promise of a large sugar crop in Cuba, and tlemen are making money out of their agitation, andbare possibility that Mr.In the Fifth District, there are no less thanfour Democratic candidates in ^the to field,line is free from p^uliarlyrock-<l:sun7<,n, the price of negroes has fallen in the mar-may slipelevates his claim as logician, whatever maybe thought of liisioyalty. To the sad honorscuttings.of the road runs!And thus these Cotton State geiK•on the model of Stephen H. Branch's cele-mostly through a country of natural gravelballast, which much improves the condition of the track. The road has no trestle-work, notmuch bridging, and easy grades and align- ment. It is but about sue miles longer, to Albany, than the river route. The scenery oaIn athese Cotton State people, who want to buy negroes,epistles,iniijeiatively require that the annual increaseGalway,District to make him ruin if he cannot rule.:word,higher those States than those "^^"'^7 \^'"'WiUiamshurgh,:Mr. Commebfosd, thenominee, is a most respectable business man, and will poll a large personal vote, irrespective of party, but tiie Democratic majority is so large that, unless very equally divided between Eebrigan and TcoMEr, the Republican nominee can stand but little chance of success. Between Williamsox andin thepects may be thought about equally divided ; but in this the contest lies almost exclusivelytheConstitution. Webelievebothwillthe strain of a popular election, conducted in leads qut of any American city, (theDemocraticon some one candidate in each of the sixorganization.and so bitter were the enmities engendered dnring its course, thatareatthe Fire-eaters, but it is fully sustained by Congressional slate made by the Republi- five weeksand orators.the Slave-trade, and ofpapersof Despairing reopeningof lasts, thisthat,with the Southernargument DemocraticRepresentatives,(Va.) elaborate ipcmhof music—Tm HuansOTs. leaders fas' a dissolution of the Federal com-those who run the Democratic machine. The Dis-involves much moreto the of the peacegAaPgH—OMilAo. pact.jJOVlA. SSmxV Tfa&MBK—Aiuia Axaoir. Democracy byKIBLOVThe leadersAccordingto all humanmeans new to us but we call attention to wnms OABDIK—MamnH. ;theirrecognitionofit asasignof irlUACiKV THIATBB—FuTiK« wna rm. progress.;Lincoln, Bbeckinbidoe andbut Bell,great remedyBJatNPIFS HUSSUll—Day and KTeniar-SiAiusx Twm—WHAflslT?—JouraasBBu Bmaua.with thirteen. Illinois haa^ethe while the Union has been a favoriteby the Opposition to the shamtheae States, in favor of the Union, isof all praise. The Alexandria iSmzetteof the 24th inst. contains anThe fact charged upon the Cotton Stateimajority, if its full vote could be polledwhether this can be done in the ensuing three candidates beforecontest is a question. Tliere are rumors that wiU start with fifteen States certain, and grievances.theVirginia journalsis no bymayhe with presentsforce theNo more disastrous event to the slave inter- est of Virginia and other old Slave States," not to think of oughtenjojringhouse in Fiflh-avenue, and also a member ofofDemocnicy ia worthyspirit is one of*the portents the announcingWherecould occur, than the revival of the AfricanSlave-trade. That piratical traffic is repug-nanttothemoralsenseofNorthernmen,butits revival would be to the slaveholders northof thepecuniary ruin, to say nothing of the fearful Wards of our City, is Democratic by a large Democrat. In the Fourth tlie addition it would make to thatbreaking up of the Democratic Party;and ofand theqnietanlanission of the de-NEWS OF THB DAY.The screw-steamship City of W<ukingtoti,itoiadangerous ship Ati*, ftom liiTerpool on the Uth and Queens- class of population. It is surprising that this town on the Uth Inst., have arrived at this port. truth has not been recognized in all its appall-Their mails are one week later than those received ing proportions before now.by the last arrival, but the City of WatkmgtoH's But the Virginians can no longer shut their to have received the Native American indorse- victory, wifh or without management and in sion of his contesUnt wouldLiveipeolon the 10th inst., and the Cunard steam-majority but this vote will "be divided be- ;lackingprevent but one vote.thirty-fifth parallel of latitude, simple C'ng jtheFirst, Second, Third, Fiflli and Eighth tweenandcoln if it beextravaganceand manifold oflSdalTcoHET, a liquor dealer, and James G. Kebri-faction, to avert a threatened defeat. They horse-power, through clean streets, from the-r• PreaMevt. TheJournalofCommercehas the follow-ofUnless the magnates of the Union and on behalf of the Mozart Hall SoneLl^^cJ^RepnbUcBB Trinmphs. Hall manying :The Twi* Sb again haiphig apon its original argu- ment, that people oughtsixthportents lie in this direction, and sothe famous cats ofkenny. Mr.Delaplainxisalawyerowninga toattemptourVibqibu abv Hoan Caboliba. The Ixtld and patriotic stand take*bargainsthethe State, minoua policymaking coalesce as much asbyablest lawyersinants i" The bill empowering Victoe Emanvil toinc(n«orate the Two Sicilies and the Papal Stateswith his kingdom has passed the Sardinian Cham-bers by a vote of 296 to 6. Count De Catour de- W/iig caanpt fail to reach the understanding Democratic candidate, but this is by no means ence as a bid for that seat in the Senate of the in the strength of the Union and the power of above the are taken first-There is aTnos. J. Barb may yet take the field as a thirdtheylikely.Republicanstand class over as smooth a engines,Matheb,preceding district,theenough Herrick to secure their withdrawal from tlie field ; butThe running gear of all the cars is boxed in.and the chasm between the adjacent plat-forms is attachments which deaden bridged—noise and prevent the entrance of dust Thein between. As betweenprevls^jslyCovHEBfOBDTcoMEv and Eebbioan, the latter is believed to have the inside track with the younger classes of Democrats, and his friends count very con- fidently on his election.TheMass.,in18&4,andwasownedbyJ.Knapp. Tlie details of the disaster are given under Marine In- telligeace.The Evangelical Alliance, a new scheme of reli- gious reform, was inaugurated last evening in the 5th-avenue Presbyterian church. A report was presented, which showed that tlie number of pir- soos unprovided with church acconunodatiou in fliis City is 638,161 . Speeches were made by Dr. Hook, Wii. K Dodge, Esq., end Rev, Dr. Ty.no.With these facts in view, the strong many Hall, while Hon. Joim Cocubank, re- actly tlie reverse of this is the truth. Now, all tion to remain thus silent on an issue wliich he Sunday—says ";pros- overmade aand however, no^^eference to a point to wliich hethat Mr. Cobb himselfhad.-ica on llie 26th of July, to the eastward of theof Good Hope, were brought to Sew-York \t:.ster-day, by the pilot-boat Nettle, (No. 2,) which more Southern States. In the first, the an- These two will certainly remain in tlie field Cobb's logic and course upon tliis matter, just attention to negroes a great many miles offboaided, on the 27th, off Barnegat, the ship Liilia- nual accumulation ofslave-labor is notman, having on board Capt. Ahmi Smith and sevenof the crew of the lost ship, who had been picked as the increasing demand is supplied by white WiNANT and LvNCM, there are ru- self a peacock does right in adorning his coat- gentlemen with their alleged insincerity, and,up in the Indian Ocean. The Oliecr Putnam men, native to the soil, or immigrants from mors of negotiations for their with- skirts with feathers, and strutting round the with characteristic insolence, dragged them while Western tickets and checks were neverCapeof slaves in the Northern shall be sent to theneeded,ofwe can fully concede the correctness of Mr. custody in tliis City, instead confining tlieirsailed from LivcrpooVApril 29, and sprung a leakon the 13th of July, in a heavy gale. On the 2(;ihof July the ship was abandoned, in lat. ac S., Ion. whose soils are yet fresh and mostly unoccu- founded, it would "be hard to decide. The Re-before issued by the latter road ; its express nitely ills inferiors in real philanthropy. He trains, therefore, though filling up very well,demanded a public answer to his public query, considering that the new arrangement is ofdrawal, but whether50° £.""01^6 of the long-boats which, with hc.vcu pied, the demand for labor to supply the con- publican nominee is Mayor Wm. Wall, ofmen, was accidentally swept away from the ship, a in all afterwards arrived at the Mauritius iinothcr of stantly iriereasiug rtcmaud for cotton is great, Wilhamsburgli, gentleman;abro.ad.In the extreme SouthernStates,wellorill-vard in whichhefinds himself confined.before the as and as infi- public hypocritesnominee, and Dr. R. B. Bbadfobd,hons per annum,to vole for Lraooui to elect of only about rixteen or seventeenwithdrawal ofnot five of such Districts their stead of Mr. Isaac C. Delaplaine can This iswhich 'see a clean sweep of theWe do still insistBut he has never be--fore mixed practically in politics, and has President into the House ofcondi- the election of acountry trict is Democratic by nearty three thousand people.by probability, will be thethe Mozart men are discontented with Mr. Bbeckinbidoe candidates. This insurrectionary Delaflainx's connection with the Tammany Douglas Democrats andaccession,*'aaooast" four Republicans on out toAbbaham herdelegation. Oneoftheformer,Mr.Mob-bis, has publicly declared that he will vote forLincoln rather than see Bbeckinbidoe elected,The Third" Congressional District, embra- Third District the chances are about equal be- Illinois, therefore, may be set down for Lin- involvingpoMic have for- feited the popular favor, and given proof of ineonve- tency to a^raialster the Oovemment, that, ia rebel- Uous opposiUon to the popular wUL they are ready ta tween John C. Hatrxb, representing the Tam- the Fifth, with good management, they are The seat of the Democratic member from make the disruption of the Union, the overthrow of many Hall wing of the party, and Benjauin sure of victory ; of the Sixth the same may Oregon is contested, and the House, which de- the Constitution, secession, revolutiba and SBatekfcy of which adopted citizens form so largemerce, (1 j,|^hether it is not probable that Lin- and Ex-Senator Badgera partcans have already repudiated thecoln elected would^by the House if theThe a Democratic Valley Star,"ally contemplated by the Emperor Frakci8 Jo-aCFH, and would be carried out. St^ne authori- No. 1 negroes have aheady fallen more than 25 per son, the Republican nominee. Mr. Williau- but to all applications for interference he has re- thecredited, but the London Timcg lends encourage-ment to the belief that this important step was re-paper, says Virginia is already having a foretaste of wliat is to bybargain their indorsement was] obtained,anydisposed to sub-:;WiLLLtMSON, Republican,have but a very slight hope of success. In That leaves LincolnWood, the Mozart nominee, who also claims be said. In the Seventh are certain of cides his theyagainst him. The admis-of the Treasury, Hon. Howell Cobb, in the elec-whichcome. We understand from reliable autborltr that and will cast their votes for Amob J. William- tion of Democratic Congressman from this City, when made by the People ; and (8), whether Bartholomew F. Moobe, Esq., fbimeriy Attor-cent., and second and third-rate hands from 30 toturned aand-resistance,of mentionsia, Austria and Prussia had protested against the Does not every man see at a ^ance it is the cry of in the District, and closely identified with all Imitating the Mr. Augustus Toots, immortalized into civil strife and commotion, would not be lightened and liberal view of public affairs,is now be- ing bled to the tune of thousands of dollars, to enrich"tonsequence ;" he does not believe thatby November ?writer an presentsslave-propertyt Yes,Virginiatliat are Congressmennot of theof facts and ments which cannot fail to awaken the people to a sense of the into which the South-who by their clamor about disunion have de- The Richmond Whig indorses this state-ment in all its parts, and adds:" Slaves have— representativestheycan" asion of which the of peopleof reply from that which Tovia the Htai.M—somewithin a very short period, as we are inform-somethingsharp sectional contest in the House ofon this route ad- experience sundryits interests. He has manyfiriendsdoubt,by Dickens, the Secretary of the Treasury de- far better and more clares in all companies and on all occasions, afforded Lincoln'svigorouslypersonal at work for him, and will, noelection on the 6th of These are very simple questions, and theyrun ahead of the balance of his very largelyDemocratic candidates, —slightestarrayarga-of Mosart Hall thinned out very sensibly since the visit of the Prince of Wales and his obsequious receptionby Mayor Wood.the Milesianfollowinghavingare but we mistaken,three or four hundred dollars,13th and 13th. Gasibaldi had issued a decree or- ed by many persons with full opportunities of teenth Wards, is also contested by two Demo-crats, in the persons of Alderman Michaelbe indivisably united with Yictok Ehancil, <8«aii8litational King, and his legitimate descend- is put to the threats of disunion, which are so QAN, whose name has been many times before subscribing a million dollars for the support of are not such' as encourage us to look with Central station, at Twenty-aixth-street andThe FourthDistrict, consist- of the Fourth, Sixth, Tenth and Four-CongressionalRepre- Speaker-Congressagainof a different stylegracious permis- the Journal of Commerce has adopted liither- Travelers in thethe free States to. We know of the nature of athe Union Electoral ticket nor were ;ut- tered on the stump before a Georgian audi-gentlemenfrom the Thiid, Sixth andsional Districts, who solicited his aid in behalf of Democratic union to beat the united Re- publicans. The Secretary of the Treasury,Matheb, Republicansnecessary either to election of hismoney,SecretaryIke KvrK result House of Brjiraentatives.peremptory and, probably, very twice, or thrice such an army suffice for theof a consistent Disunionist his claim can nolonger be disputed. Believing firmly, or pre- sharpness of style and vigor of thought towit.: Capt. Nf.lson Taylok, Jamks H. LT.vcn, no care as to the character of the men who thePerhaps there are few men in the old Slave D. D. WiNANT, and John Dufky. Capt. Tat- shall be elected next month by Northern con- which counts among its adherents, to say the an extensive view of the river, valley, and ther'members of astituencies to take part in the deliberations of least, a full half of the most inlelligeiit and re-States who have deliberately engaged In theLOB is theTanunanyHall nominee, and runsC'atskills. in the distance. There are two five*•diotisbusincss of for the South- on the glory of laurels earned in Mexico. a slave-breedingnever destined to assemble. of our citizens, as Taking, spectablehour trains dailya.through accommodation train at 10 A. M. Through tickets and checks arc issued to the West and Northwest.bodyThe i.;iruculars of llic loss of the s\i\\iOUn:r nesiein market; but the necessities of the case Mr. Dcjtv has been United States Consul to as the definition of a madman, " one who rea- pers,"—and callednegro \\'orshi]>- them to interest them- sons and acts correctly on wrong premises," selves hi the fate of three negroes. iield in I'edcniluntil the end of (he contest. As to Messrs. as we admit that the man who Itelieves him- Mr. Gerardverycomplacently taunted thesewith the Hudson Biverline withdrew the Har-lem, as a route, from public notice, throughdc-the small boats, wliich was stove, contained the and from the nature ol the climate, as well as .serving party promotion, and very sure to ob- from our Southern exchanges upon the ques- three negroes to whom he had referred.first mate and live seamen, who were probai)ly lusl. from the of tain it in this race. The Williamshurgh por- tion of disunion. Our selections have beenHe received a prompt reply. He by affidavits from responsible men,Tiie remainder of the crew, the existing prevalence Slavery, whiteincluding Captain, labor is not so obtained. The conse- tion of this District, which embraces the Sev- madetohl, win share whole, little doubt that the Harlemrespectswith a view to sliow our readersBoston. The Olitcr Putnam was an A 1 ship of quence is. that slaves are more valuable, and enth and Thirteenth Wards of New-York, to that rampant disunionism does not engross had made appUcation to the I'nited .States fairly in the through business, as the publicare on board the Indiuman, which was ordered to easilypartly—the entire Southern Press even now but thatthey1,034 tons register. She was built in Newbury, slave-labor isin "'^ t^'y "^ hasbecomes acquainted with its facilities.— The German Schoolmaster Abroad. Ourslaves between the old and the new Stales. section engrossed every Congressman. This denounce it as utterly ruinous as a remedy, they could be permitted to aid them in any German newspapers are famous for ex-Any stoppage of this trade^ it must be evi- error will be set right in tlie present contest, and as highly disastrous when used merely as way—and that they had been met by insults, pounding Constitutions and discussing ques-Mr. Wall sure of election.being morally a menace. oaths and violence at the hands of Mr. Bu- tions of civil and religious liberty, as wedent, would be attended with an instant re-duction in the value of slaves in the Staleswhich produce them in excess. It is stated Eleventh, Fifteenth and Seventeenth Wards, represent the whole South as uuiled on this most degreed vagabond in the Five Points knowledge of men and things, clerical and that full-gnrwn negro men can be imported the Republicans have put forward a thorough- question. Whatever differences may exist would scarcely be guilty on the same provoca- otherwise, beyond their own nationality, is from Africa,)and sold for $150 ; while the Vir- ly good, honest and capable candidate in the now, it is said, all parties will unite after Lin- tion. Mr. Gerard has read these replies ; yetIn the Sixth District, embracing the Tl is quite common for Northern partisans to chanan's official representative, of which the have more than once shown. TheirThe ninety-second anniversary of the John'streetItethodiat Epucopal Church—the first church of ginia negro, Jii the absence of foreign compe- person of Hon. Fbkdebice A. Conkli.mi. The ( oi.\ !.chall have been elected, in protecting he makes no response. He claims to holdequally .profound.For example, the Stoats——the denomination erected in America took placeofZeitung Saturdaycommenting onjftuterday. Large CQligiegations in the morning,afteiBOon and eveninir attended the unusually in- Mnentiug servieeg.:Bbt. Hesbt Wabo Bbbchxb, at the moniingservice in Plymouth {Siurch yesterday, pointedlyreferred to sereral current topics in illustration of rican Slave-trade can be his text, which was, " Steadfastness in faith.''yany, he said, not firmly established in their faith,would despair of good coming from any quarterwtwre the influence.of soch men as e<mgregate inWall-street was felt, and nHwithrtanding Sodomkad its Lot, siqce the filth of the Wall-street sewer—and that common as the Mozart cham- interest is the defeat of Lincolx. Even those,Church takes about the same position as tho Rev.some tition, and of threats of disunion, will bring Democrats are again divided, Hon. J. \Vi.\- •Southern rights and Southern honor, by seced- position as a gentleman in this community. exquisite passages" in a pamphlet issued by $1,500. THBOP Chanleb bearing the standard of Tam- ing from a Knion which secures neither. Ex- Does he deem it consistent with that posi- a " to favor free rum and n*mythical Society"temptation which incites the cotton nouncing his resolve to vote for the devil in- parties have a coinnion interest in menacing has himself invited y lias he neither the "The notorious Rev. Trsa, who in the Piiritaaplanters to the revivalof the Af-carnate" if nominated^y the aforementioned the North with disunioncouragenor the candor to what he say freelyC hu.-ch, delivered a the cause of lcuii«raace andtheinstitution, nowand tlie deep interes-t which the slave-owners pion. Mr. Chanlkk is a gentleman of old therefore, who are the most residiiely hostile proves of the treatment w hich Alessrs. Tap- Sabbath," 4c.of the old States have in its suppression, must and liiglUy respectable family, liiinself possess- to secession, have no object in n\aking that I'A.N and liAR.NEv received at the hands of Mar- What will become of language, when a be equally obvious. ing wealth, a very liberal education and good hostility known, brcan-se the menace of disun- shal Rv.NDEKS, does he hesitate to avow it V If 'sacred concert" is made to mean aAnother effect of the disunion has character. While a member of the Legislature ion promises to promote their political aims. he does not, does he lack the manliness to bacchanalian revel ? What of morUa, whea agitationappreciated;appearsreally thinksabout that matter ? If heap-sermon defendingbeen to damage Southern mercantile credit in at Albany he also distinguished himself by a IJiit the moment the election is over tliis say so ?the vilest assignation-house is stj^ed a "Rdi-and that of Qovemment corruption had uaitedand flowed togetlier in one stream, it seemecKas if New-Tork and other Northern cities, and in talent for debate and great industry. The motive ceases to have weight. They can tlieri Mr. Gkraro is scarcely willing to stand be- gioiis congregation?" What of history, wheaelection of Mr.tions to curtail, and in some sections to cease be regarded as a foregone conclusion, the then be not only free, but compelled to consid- ready to stab character, and back up the low- from the succession," and exchanged for the their discounts and accommodations. On this Democratic majority not being large enough er the question as one of direct and imme- est and basest brutality, for the iidvancement wandering Pastor of the Ch«rch of the Puri-this way to compel Southern banking institu-point the North Carolina papers and politicians to spare the votes wb'ich Mr. ^t!ocHB4.t« can diate inlerest to themselves. They will lie of his party ends. His words iiulicate a much tansConkli.ng in thisDisirictpolitical objectscommunitypartisanevening, and listened to speeches. bv Hon. Chas J dorses the above statements from the Virginia The next member of Congress from the bearings, a thing wliidi they cannot possibly will sink below that level unless he becomesHklmz, of Kentucky, JosBCA J. Henry, James Seventhasandpartizan more careful of hisacts, lie defies the Press toSix-GritBOE Brigosfight.do so longpolitical purposesof the speakers predicted the secession of the of negroes, exposes the ruinous consequences teenth^ and TwcntieUi Wards, will be Mr. projects are mingled with the subject. So damage hrni by its assaults. His danger does A Judicial Ticket, composed of names ae-District, consisting of the Ninth,South in case of Linoolk's election. Mr. Gerakd to Southern credit of the disunion threats. It ^corsTtTS F. I»ow, the Republican nominee, long as the election of a Resident seems to not lie in. that quarter. He is much more lected from the several tickets nominated theW. Gekabd, and Gov. Stevfss, of Oregon. Several papers in regard to the reduction in the valueTo the Bditor <if the New-Tortc Urma;announced himself as a political Gabibai.di, and wilted to know whether " Old Abe " coiUd dance.who withdrew —last contest in favor of Hon.believe in disun- ion, will it be found impossible to canvass theAnd he must ex-hj respective parties, has. been pi^and, and is nowThe Tammany «bA Mozart HaU Democrats othe Sighth Congieaaional District held meetings by the Democratic it saysbeingadvocatedbyintelligeaton Saturday and after evening," organ,And why are brokers now, more than at any otherthe of people—himselfof itssome inoitths would have toreceiving, respec-tively, the withdrawal of Mr. Hebbick and Dr. time, after the banks! Because there is an alarmthe moment Lincoln is elected,midable enemyBSAVOBD, united in nominating Mr. Isaac C. BpLAnAINI.AtOhambers of the Supreme Court, on Satur-before Justice Leonabo, the Agnew habeas ctriui wvdismissed, the custody of the child iidog gMK.to respondent.Tbe. Btod^ilpiket on Saturday continued fever-Mr. Udolpuo Wol»e is the Tammany Hall theamong the eapitalists and business men at the North, candidate, and expects to a commer- naked issue of disunion. They cannot actThe Wat to Ccre Disoniox.the Unionday,destroy tlieVi.iou. Credit U a sensitive and a thing,with thoseinterests.onlyUnion than their breUiren of the North.ish aaidt dq>n**^>heavysales to closeupItisBbioos, and now runs upon the nominationsofThe extracts fi-oinSoutliem journalsofreaders to the above list ol names. It will bs <jb-^'^contracts, and also by the Bear spec-Ward,who was beaten two by Mr. years agowliich show that very manyoqt^aadiociilatsn for a fuithw declineNew-Tork Central, length opening their eyes to the real dangers the Mozart and Breckinridge Committees to- we publish this morning;after seOing closed at SOiVat 8H, and also as low as 80, which surround them.They are beginning toThese two;will pretty men and journals at the South are not dis- and in the meantime the people and the politi- senedthat the tirst and last are the regular nam-quotes a statement made by Mr. Badobb to this effect, and in rebutting the defence set up:dependlikely to damage himself.cuse us for thus interposing our ^ood officescoiuicqueut upon the threats of the Breckinridge Dis-poll largecial and- mercantile vote on the force of hisidentificationHis Democratic rival is the Hon. Elijah everyIfwill could be dissolved in twenty-four hours by a have Southern Convention, there would be greatunionists andFire-eaters to destroy, or attempt toupon it without discussion, and discussionend in making them, what theymuch slighter cause for than nbw ei-stronger friends of thedangerformalities could be settled, even supposingists. would try."apprehensionunsttUsthc business relations of the coun-be,gratifying to find Southern men atthat no obstacles should be thrown in thewayI desire to call the attentionyour nunierf«son making the Northvery generoii^sly reciprocated in the present subject fairly and upon its proper basis. But for his ow n protection against his most for- and upright members of the Bar. It is aa foUowa,rspecialbuta favor which Mr. Bricks hassome of the moatFor Justice of the Sttmreme Omrt. BKNJAMlN W. BONNBY. For Justice of the Superior OMirt. MICHAEL VLSHOBFFSlt. fW- Surrorute.EDWARP C. WEST. PorRocorder.JOHN T. HOFFMAN. Por Citv Judge. JOHN SEbGWILK.South will be face to face with tlie brought—gentlemencent. until the election is over compelled inees the and the .other threereason to;luckily before thegether.understand that tbey have more to fear from equally divide the Democratic or so-called iwsed to wait of Republican Party,flour was less active, though buyers had any the fanatics of the one, declaring their devotion to the Union. They quences full in the face. Long discussions of the Democratic. I believe they are the most ca-existing advantage. WilMt was plenty and de- South than from the fanat- Union vote, which, even if united upon a must necessarily take place on the various men who can be selected from both tickets, pressed. Com was bsMtfiuid the tendency of ics of the North; and to appreciate the mo- couW hardly overcome the Republican prove that there is already very powerful pableJ rices was downward. A moderate inquiry pre- tives of th8 chivalrous advocates of dtounion. strength. We therefore take the election of Union sentUiicnt in the Southern Stales, and new wants and exigencies of the Southern and that auf oae who votes for them will co<ij>er-Untitled Documentin the country, carryingexistingclaim,plungingcountry tempting than would bethat body. Lincolnsappoaedthe opponent,' or to effect a choice.is; give Oregon tochoice devolves on that body(2), whetherquenceLettersthe South would bemoremit to his election when thus effected, thanadmit of direct answers. veryfortorcibleney-General of the State, and an able lawyer,;Possibly we consider ^em de^rvingship have thrown considerable light njlon the ard of car in this After a traveling country.complacency uponfaithEighth Congres- equal faith in its ability to go>through the fear-politicalwhatever may be its resultwe have notSouthern Sentiment.\Vc publish this morning copious extracts why they had not given some attention to thebut two weeks standing, are not crowded, which is, for the present, another recom- mendation of this route. There is, on thewas thatMarshal for this District on behalf of the ne-—very many vigorous journals groes or rather to inquire him whetherpublicMr. Gebard wrote a letter a few days ago,accomplishment elapsebefore cians would be to look the conse-egotisticaland but the lacking nothing:gious liberty"The JwHetal TIekM.Iitnoigr fionr- a wtha. thow FedenaUnio. would cortallvention called to discuss these questions^of disunion as a'•"Itremainstoberecordedofthein<MleaiI>einee-and were read fromten in the same patriotic vein. One fromisand for the thorough exposition which it gives of the ruinous consequences of disunion. TlieCaliviR does in the Episcopal'!civQ and reli- of the Tao-tonic order!"11;for real orHe declares that the Soathonof the electton of Mr. Lutcolk. After re-—at 7 A. M. and 5 P. M., andA Conner disadvantageous arrangement"— pwmoteand all done to K\i^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069=>sSife_www.fultonhistory.com 