 I'Chairman of a Committee, andisoften outvotedon his Cabinet (CommitteeJ to make a minority report toI3it voayge from Hull to Cronstadt in the steamer Arctic, -we regret to record, was bora »t Cork in 1784.3 k >p . yjs correspondent o f The Da Uy News says:44ThereisconsiderableirritationbetweenFrance mjjSwitzerland,onaccount oftherepeated popular mazufeeiauons in the latter country against presumed aggressive design s of Napoleon."dred Hungarians are detained in the prison at Joseph-stadt on politiral grounds. I n the same prison a con- solete, and ought not to be revived to distract the party,m" For some days past there has been a smart cannon-e••FDTHER FROM EUROPE.ARRIVAL OPTHE FULTON.*3B»e steamer Pulton, a brief afcetract of vrhoee new* >receivedfromCapeRaceandpublishedonTuesday,3w**W tbieportlastevening. Herlatentdatesareof *0X7thofOctober.ENGLAND.liteQueenarri^'datBrwelaOct.13. Her Hejes- ! £ • arrival in England is postponed till Wednesday,The Times regrets to state that an accident occurreddependence and of civil and political liberty, the par- famentary tribune and the free press, and the army, whkh had preserved its military traditions under thetheDictator;thePro-Dictator(PaUavicdni)andbis erandarmofItaly.Thestrengthofmymonarchywas jorityinfavorofannexationisexpsotedinthetowns also,oneforSicily. :'-;Comte da a fracture mutely, the D>. Izod of eetting the we are very •rhtd to learn, that the youg Prince is going on as favor-"O .«©•••.;.'b80 75^ , 74Saturday last to his Boyal H Paris, -while hunting, by which«f one of the bones of the riwht accident happened near Clare Beber, who was on the spot, lost ipjowd limb. Pr«m title latest InqSCOSTEK—Transactions are few, but rates are without altera- tions. »104 1C0 98 50 1«'1< 420The Times (leading artiele) of Monday, Oct. 15, Saj8:TURIN, Oct. 16. Letters from Naples explain the offer of resignationCount Edward Karolyi h a s been arrested a t Salz-burg. TheCount,itmayberemembered,wasarrested for,judgingfromthepast,PennsylvaniacannotboastHI 200 do..... s6037t 82J 100 IIL Cent R.Scrip...... 73}.bl583 OUU QO***a««««••*•••••79 .... 82^ 100 GaL & Chicago RiL.,.. 71}. seme title by which Napoleon III. holds the Empire of Prance."at his chateau in the Spring for having got up a fdte inhonor o f Count Szecbenyi. I n Auguct, having beenreleased, he went to Ostend to join his Countess.of having always sent her wisest men to represent her in the councils of the nation.Of course, there a r e many speculations here as to who wiJl form Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet, Gen. Cameron,.... 20i 250 do• a>*««J*'% 100 do.•»30 304 350ChL i. R'k laL RR70| »60 70464 11The Daily News eays:Hunchback,' •The Love Chase,' ccc, whose death onThence he proceeded to Par; and on returning to Hun-garyhewasarrested. HeisnowaprisoneratVi- whoisonconfidentialtermswithMr.8ewaTd,believes26 Erie.RR Ass. Stock..... 3l> 25Mil.it MLw-RR**"?•"•A*^i.,,•" . Ti'y-.- »•k ^ t ; * 1 * ' ^ : ^ i « i ' l i , « : i*J»^V;:'-..-'. "••At the departure of the mailthe troops were in front the people of Italy to make great sacrifices, it appsarsaf the Taku Forts, where the Chinese were prepared to me tuat it is time to raise them to a consciousness to resist. The grand attack would take place on the of human dignity too often violated, and to theNaples strengthened in m y heart the conviction thatkings "and governments should build their thrones on Dutch. A revolt of the Foreign Legion at Samarang Correspondence of TheN. Y.Tribune.Jfflth.SHASOHAE, Aug.,19,1860. The rebels attacked the city yesterday, but were re- jpoJeed with artillery. They bad posted up a procla-mation announcing their coming, a n d threatening vengeance unless t h e city sumbmitted to them. T a e Jerugn residents have formed a volunteer corps. T h e S talest alarm prevails. Trade i s entirely stopped.e. allied forces landed at Pehtaug on Aug. 1. T h e Chinameninformedtheinterpretersthatthexortswere empty. TheAlliesthereupontookpossessionofthem, and lonnd only wooden guns, and three men. Skir-mishes with the Tartar cavaly afterward took place. ha which .fourteen m e n were wounded. The allied troops then proceeded to the Tartar forts. An assault w a s prepared for the 15th August. The troops wereiealtny.The Isaac Bell had been totally wrecked; the crew"Ware saved.BATAVIA, Aug 34.—Amutinyof Swisstroopsbrokeeat at Samaratm; nine mutineers were killed, and 35 were sentenced to be h mged.had taken place, but was immediately suppressed. NORTH EAST, Cecil Co., Md., Oct. 29,1860.: • • — » . • — We frequently see letters in THE TRIBUNE from cor-Trrd*urv Draff*..: 3Po^t-Orhc»> DraluBalanceC: [By BaUuctr. Cz. I>i«i |By Receipt* dune*!'To raytmra^.f ' *'BOIJ:. . .ty Balance.Cr. I^uil PBy ApftopHatiou.n?uPayments.... BalA^ce...ly Receipt* for Cu* Jy Receipt* for c aalucr-aae ia jy BaiMtoe Cr:, BuiA»<»ay Orlic**..jy Coin r<*cc'iveu dv Jy Fine Bara rec'il«A shnilar rising intended b y t h e throughout Java h»s Hen discovered.SwisstroopsIsland Railroad, 63£©63|; Chicago, Barhngion, and! Quincy Railroad. 82J©83; Illinois Central 7*,3:i ^93;MEX-BOCJUTE, Aag. 25.-—No news has been received of further bwtiliTiee in New-Zealand.Trade is worse. The departure of gold ships are the Norfolk. 35.202 oz vthe Ottawa, 22,8o6 oz.; ths SwilVsure, 70,623 oz.; and the Water Nymph, 80 452 oz. AuELArDE, Avg. i&.—Business is extremely de-cometpimposemywilluponyoubuttoseethatyours reportedwools,therewasgreatheaviness.is Tespectea. Yott wijll be called.freely to manifest it. May the vote you will deposit in the urn be inspired by thatProvidencewhichprotects'arighteouscause! Whatever may be the course of events, I tranqailly await the judgment of civilized Europe, because I am convinced that I have fulfilled my duties as a King and an Italian. My policy! may not, perhaps, be useless to reconcile in Europe the! progress of the people with the stability of monarchies. I know that in Italy I c'ose theera,ofrevolutions.•!-"VICTOREMANUEL.II P A R - I N I ~" Given In Aneona, thla 9th of October, I860."'The exchange market is irjactive, with a good supply :3By C'OL'J in hacd, A ajireesed.Jand, have sigpilied to the Cabinet of Turin that they willnotrecognizetheblockadeofGaeta."ThePatrieetatesthattheentryofVictorEmannel into Naples will take place on the 17th.•*$£ P A R I S , Oct. 14.—The Monxteur publishes the follow- ingtelegram,'datedConstantinopleOct.12th: .'* General Beaufort de Hantponl has militarily occu- piedDeir-elKammar. Afterhavinges'Ablishedapro- visional municipality and installed the Christians in the bouses boilt by our soldiers, he advanced as far as Djuvdjemin, where he arrived on Sept. 30."On the same date Fund Pasha arrived at Garoun, in the valley of Bekaa.The tw o commanders-in-chief were to unite theirFieights—Rates are firmer, and the market is more active. To Liverpool, 575 bales Cotton at {d.; 3,700 Weintendholdingourmeetingatallhazards,letthe bbls.Flourat3d.3d.;98,000bush.Wheatat12$©13d.,mFRANCOS, • .I*to 92i, but the final accounts from the Bourse showed an im- if resorting to mob law is Union-loving or law-abiding provement, and the latest prices were 92jj'®92} for money, and then we are blind to all that is morally right or good. 92-jj for the account In the Stock Exchange there was no greatinquiiy for loans on Government securities, and they were offered13.—The Prase *'The Great Powers, with the exceptm of Eaj?-P A R I S , Saturday evening, Oct tains the following:con-showingarecoveryofnearly^^Vcent. TheBedJacket,fromMelbourne,with£152.000.isdue. Tbere has been a rather better demand for Illinois Central andNewrXork and Erie shares, the last quotations beiwr respectively 2O.}®20diaand39®40. Theoptionalrightsoftheformerclosedcorpt frarmie o n Oct. 2 d .PARIS, Oct.14.—CountKiseeleiFhadaconference you,peopleofSouthernItaly,who,haviog,inmywhich place they will arrive on the 11th. I beg you totakeall necessarymeasures forprocuring quarters for this force. • "" Receive, M. le Gonfaloniere, the assurance of my distinguishedconsideration.:.•' Tb« General Coma>&n<?ing-in-Chief the French troops of oc- cupation in Italy, Aid d e Camp to the Emperor, .I "COUNT D E GOZON."LONDON CORN MARKET, Oct 15.—The Corn market this morn- ing wa* inactive at the rates of last Monday.LIVERPOOL CORN AND BRBADSTOFFS MARKET, Oot 16.—A brisk consumptive demand was experienced to-day for Wheat resulting in a considerable business, at.the full prices of this day week, the decline on Friday being generally recovered. Flour Wesinslowsale;Americanmustbenotedat6d/©l/$)*bbl.lower Onthe week. Oats-dull. Indian Cornwas in fair request,and mixed American brought 37/ *>• qr., being an advanceof fullv Sd 4^ qr. Best White American was hfld at 42/ ty qr.' 'LONDON COLONIAL MARKET. Oct 16 —SOOAR inactive. COF- FEE quiet. RICE firmer. SALTPETER firm. AmsricanTimpRv.TotaltoOct20,I860!veekendir'gO<*.27, 18S0 Total t o Oct. 22, 1859Week ending Oct 29, 1859•The traffic of the Great Western lUfl vay ox CaatdaCent;hi BrookayEH> 6:An trjvr.ctlen aghuvis •; t-ett U»u«;i.Company; xi-*< muit; tiouottit'AttotiMj Co:unbi^ atrv**t» .•-« "Williatii'.'nrtinrowt Junction, wai p a .te' th*ir c i rportktt- > i«bi WJJ'U'eu tt'txx f i t * th*t a r*Crivtrniay Thi» wbo> proceed ood^equeie*cftbo agreea-et-t tr.adt* bet ]U« of FaruJaa -ueitiie coiV-v'vir*y.' •"* cfteied to reter t:ieIcity c*&r»ny v b e i erat»ndttwP^<TheBostonPiAttheC^^ec- '.a. Incrta«dde<ii»nd a •opply '->JIJ;•s',: » V » ' » > ' • a ^ O U u C< apecie, arstuKew-V weA. Veo.uot'cbyesterday with M. Thouvenol, and the Papal Nuocio. Ha took leave of the Emperor to-day, in a private au- dience a t St. Cloud, and will set out this evening for Warraw. The Count is accompanied by the Russian MinisteratTurin. ' •name, changed the State, send me deputations of every claaa of citizens, magistrates and representatives of your municipal bodies, asking to be restored to order, blessed with freedom, and united with my kingdom. • I willfellyoubywhatthoughtIam.guided,andwhat$289,127469,5o"2 90—$2^o90 35|448,495 238,9*8 95— 252,431XtALXThe " Latest News" of the Patrie is as follows: £J?API,E» Oct. 17.—Tbe pro tdin. Dictator has re- COMMERCIAL MATTERS. signed, and wfll leave to-day.Secretary (Carante) proceeded yecterday eveaing to Caserta.After a conference, at which Crispi and Cattanes at- tended, the Pro-Dictator and his Secretary tendered theirresignations. •"3,000UnitedStatea5*.'74..10^,250MichiganCent.RR' 3,000 ObJo8tato 6a, 1870...106 10 d oS.OOOTenn State «a,'90... 87*'750Mlch. 8.&N. Ind.R.R fi1 6 100 it'^yj?^ *.^** *'"" *§ I100ably as possible.We(TheTimesJhavereasontobelievethatMr. tryremaininoffice. Thedecreeconvokingthepopular noblybesidetheunoonqueredlegionsofFrance.'The matters.... .•.'-..-Xajng, M. P ., Financial Secretary to the Treasury, has eontented to %ak* the vacant seat of the Council Board in Calcutta, vacant by the death of Mr. James Wilson.SirC Hood andMr.M.Gibson were in Loafon fcrixi g the week, but the latter, after attending to mat- ters connected with the n e w French tariff/has since «ui«ted the town. Mr. Gladstone arrived in town on Yhartday. Sir J . Lewis is expected in London on Vonday. Sir G. Gray has returned from the country. Lord Granville remains on the Continent. Lord P a l - merston continues at Broadlands. Lord John "Russell is expected to reach town on t h e 17th, from attending the Oueen as Secretary of State during her Majesty's 43ontmentaltonr. , „ . , • ' " •The Morning News (Irish) announces that the Ro- man Catholic Primate, Archbishop Dixon, who, said t o Louis Napoleon, " Robber, take your hand from the threat of the Vicar of Christ," intends leaving Ireland *>r Rome on Tuesday »exU (lThe Observer says Mr. Hobbs, the famous opener of locks is now about to return to his native country. Since the death of Mr. Ashley, his partner, Mr. Hoboetea disposed Ofhis inter*st in the business, and returns to America with an unblemished reputation for integ- rity and businesslike aptitude.The'new Opera of " Robin Hood" was repeated on Saturday, and its success confirmed by a house literally crowded to the roof, hundreds of persons being com-assemblies, in order to vote on the annexation of Na- ples to Piedmont, stall, remains in force. Crispi has been dismissed.volunteers hastening from all Italian provinces, from aU Italian families, under the Cross of Savoy, showed that all Italy had invested me with the right of speak-;POLITICS IN PENNSYVANM.2850 N. Y. Central R . R . 200 100 do.. .015 K-0 200 OO...... .......... wy 500 100 QO............ .... w1 100 250 do...•.........'So0 B<y, 200do. »*•*.b60 ' GO......... .....T)60' dodo.........d?.do..jo...N A P L E S , Oct. 14.—The Pro-Dictator and the Minis-'^^^""^^^fS"^'^'-^ ••• ^*f-"'NIHV^ttftK DAILY TBIBOKE, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1, I860.• ''•'••• '••'!"Dispatches from Naples state that the Dictator s Government is exclusively occupied with measures in NAPLES, Oct:12.—Having boensummonedbythe tricolour,raisedPiedmonttotherankofBtandirdbear- relationtotheplebisciteof:October21. Alargema-The Ministry has also resigned. ,,. ' Garibaldidesiresanassemblytoapprovothevoting;— . mSale***ttheStock Exchange....OCT.31,TDRIW , Oct. 15.—Emanuel has entered the' Neapoli- tantownofGiulianuovaamidtheenthusiasmofthe airglenation. i ' *from Quebeconthe6thinst.,reached the river atan6,000 do..........,..,,, 7"} 50 do2,000 California State 7a.. 200Miclx.S.&N.L<jruar'dftkl %population. . vThe Marquis de Villemarioa has proceeded to thefrontier to meet the King.N A P L E S , O c t . 9.—Mazzini having'refused to leaveNaplts, the Pro-Dictator had prohibitsd political dabs and meetings. T h e Pra-Dictator has also forbidden Louis Blanc to open national workshops. DAyala, Chief of the National Guard, has been dismissed. The Diplomatic Corps a t Gaeta have, a t the instance of Spain, protested against the decree relating to Milano. All the Embassadors sigoed the protest.Admiral LeBarbier hasrefnsed torecognizethe blockade o f Gaeta a n d Messina decreed b y Gari- baldi.The French mail-steamer Protas has been seized.thevote. . . . .1,000 Erie 2d Mtg. Bda.Bx. 100 1,<00Erie a.B~ Bda.'75..63 150 1,000 Mlob. Cent 8 ^-cent ISOdo........ do......... A^'""1"".gift .,,proclamationorderinganinquiry wnceniing thepris-oners taken by,the Sardinians, whom the Papal Gov- the nature of thetimeB,'I could have.been satisfiedCuttiniselected byagreatermajority thanthe "Fusion- Sham« to the populations who fly at the approach of ists" of New-York sent dollars to Philadelphia to de- 1P0MM) 8 3 ...b30do...... do.....<«..35 bdOSSt-ilOKr... tt' I»LRR..i&ernment accuses the latter of having plundered. T h e report is current that Russia has sent considerable gifts to the Pope. Advices from Gaeta state that the young Princes had again left for Capua, and that orders had been given for.a renewal of the general attack against the Garibaldians.NAPLES, Ost. 13.—The Dictator has published a proclamation in which, after announcing the approach- ing arrival of Emanuel, he Bays:" Let u s be ready to receive the man whom Prov- idence has sent us. There will be no more discord. Let United Italy and Emanuel b e t h e perpetual sym- bols of our regeneration."Dispatches from Sicily announce that a decree had been issued ordering the vote on the question of an-the Bpoiler and abandon everything. When they r e - turn to their houses, may their wives spit in their faces and shrink from all contact v ith such cowards.Italians! When you fight you are conquerors, a n d when it is known that you are resolved to light the foreign powers which devour you under one pretext or another will not wait for your onslaught.To arms! Virile men oi the peninsula, to arms! You have, four months before you for warlike exercises. The fifth month, in March, 1861, will reecho through- out the entire Italian territory the hymn of liberty and regeneration.•m•m•»••#•••*•OK) • •••«•••••tw**nexation to be taken onthe 21st.This had given greatpelled togoawaydisappointed,unable to fiudaccom" •MUNICH, Oct.16.—TheofficialZcitung, publishesa 8rmscouldnavesubduedthem. Thankstothewisdom2,000 UDited Statea 5a, 1874.1'3J 59 Hctdaon Rivet R R 10,000 Tenn. State 6a, 1890. 87 1150 Harlem Railroad...85 1200 do. ...' 854100Harlem RR Pre:... 77 100 Pacific M..S. Co..../.Total.... 3satisfaction.telegram,datedTurin15th, asserting that great con- oftheCentralItalianpeople,themonarchial ideacon-majority. The Senate stands 27 Republicans to 6 Dom- f MADRID, Oct.13.—TheEpoca states that, imrne- ocrats,theHousecfRepresentatives70Republicanstomodationinanypartoxthetheater.The Army and Navy Gazette Maya:"The Lords of the Admiralty have at length decided vpon entertaining a scheme for the formation of a n v tional transport service, and the sooner it assumes a practical form the better will it be, not only for the Boval Navy but for the troops ordered abroad."" When. I accepted the annexation I knew what European difficulties I was about to meet; but I could •*.VictorEmanuelwill,afewdayshence,ifthefates madebythePro-DictatorPallavicini,whichhassince notbieakthewordIhadgiventotheItaliansinmy «re not very adverse, hold the kingdom of Italy by the been withdrawn. The Republicans accused Pallavicini war proclamation. Those who would charge me with of having prevented the enrolment of Volunteers. imprudenceshouldcalmlyconsiderwhatwouldbecome Garibaldi, yielding to their influence, was about to dis- of Italy on the day in which monarchy should appear miss his Ministers, and to convoke a provincial Parlia- powerless to satisfy the want of a national recohstitu- *ThelateMr.J.SheridanKnowles,authorof'The mentforthe11thofNovember,.buthewa3opposedby tion. The-annexationdidnotchangethesubBtanceof3,000VirginiaState6B diatelyupontheQueen'sarrival atMadrid,theCoun- 30Democrats,thusgivingtheRepublicans61majority 7,000 do.The foliowin & in thefoar IcauLJf. OriV Oct. V\.. K. \<nK Q r t 2 : ?hi'.ad^., Oct »eteriiation prevailed among'the members of the Cabin- et, as the Embassadors of Russia "and Prussia had re- mitted formal protests against the Sardinian invasion of the Kingdom of Naples. The Russian Embassidor sig- nified that in the event of no attention' being paid to this protest, he should demand bis passports.stantly gained strength, a n d monarchy "gave a moral guidance to that peaceful popular movement. Thus did Italy rise in the estimation of civilized na- tions, and i t became clear to all Europe that the Italians were fit for self-government.cil will decide upon the recall of the Spanish Minister on joi&t ballot. This has brought into the field » score 8.000Miaeou»i8tate6e7641100 Canton Co,93 3 0 . no.. 634the national movement, but it assumed new forms. B y accepting from the popular right those fine and noble provinces, I must loyally recognize the application of that principle, nor could: I measure it by the rale of my privatefeelingsandinterests. Insupportofthatprin- ciple,I,forthegoodofItaly,madethesacrificewhich cost my heart the dearest; I renounced two most noble provinces of the kingdom of my ancestors." I have always given those Italian Princes who stray of Rf me continue to circulate. I t was reported ordered them to fire on any person shouting in favor of wished to be m y enemies sincere counsels, resolvicg,Reports of continued augmentations of the French to him that disturbances were imminent. The Dictatorsiderable number of Italians are confined. ^ISS!**^! The danger is that whoever is appointed to the Cabinetfrom this State will encounter such hostility from rival factionsaatoendangertheharmonyoftheparty,and may tend to exclude the State from a representation inattheBourseonSaturdaylastthattheforcewillbe brought up to 60,000 men.arepublic,iThepatrolswhichwereafterwardsent through the streets were saluted with shouts of "Down with Mazzini!" "Down with Crispi!"however,thatifthosecounselswerevain,Iwouldme6t the danger to which their blindness would haveexposed the throne by accepting the will of Italy. It examine the statutes of the Provincial Diets, is totally the Cabinet. However, if Mr. Lincoln is that sternpublic opinion. > Advices from Perugia state the Papal authorities had dismissed many functionaries at Viterbo. Theeooigra-tion of the inhabitants of Viterbo continued. NAPLES,Oct.13(viaMarseilles).Yesterday, in consequenceoftheresignationsten- dered by the Pro-Dictator Pallavicini and his Ministers, the Njstional Guard went to Garibaldi and representedthat Mr. Seward will go into the State Department. This has much force, as the General aspires to be his colleague, and has considerable popularity among the masses. In fact, little is said against him, except by hisoldenemies,whoareconstantlyprating about Winnebagoes, DanBroadhead,andLloyd Wharton. Tbe truth is, these charges 8gainst the General are ob-.There w a s a n active St^ck market tjfaia morning,vdth a firm feeling ia the street before the Board, some 1,500sharesCentralhavingbeentakenat84.The biddings,however;attha openingof theBoardware languid and pri&s lo«?er, and as the call proceeded it was evident that the disuxion incubus was still exert- irg a n unfavorable influence upon prices, aud :Lui the demandfromoutsidebuyers,althoughlarge,wieetill not 'saiScitnt to absorb all the stock thrown oh the market by the bears and drawn out of real holders by tbeusingupofmargins. WhentheWesternahares were reached, the bears made a .strong demonstration,The Ttmes's Vxria correspondent says:".At a Cabinet Council held a few days since at St. The following is the- answer of Joseph Mazzini to was in vain that I offered to the Grand Dake (of Tus-unfounded. The Council of the Empire will not re- and inflexible man that I take him to be there need be aBFembltfuntilaftertheProvincialDietsshallhave nofearsentertainedastothewisdomofhischoice,and,Ckrad.atwhiehtheEmperorpresided,itwasresolved thecommandaddressedtohimbythePro-Dictator cany)alliancebeforethewar;invainthat,afterthebeen formally established.•"VENICE, Oct. 13,—Three new forts mounted withtkat important works should be immediately com- menced w> strengthen t h e fortifications' o f Cherbourg andAlgiers,analikewisethatanumberofsteel-cased fHgateeshouldbeconstructedonthemodelofthe*floire." >4The garrison of Marseilles is about to be reinforced~bj two battalions and two squadrons.A letter from Toulon announces that the command-ers of the Descartes end Colbert had received order* to take in provisions and stores, and to prepare to sail a t the first moment.Accounts had been received that the French flag is joealled from Naples.- THE EXPEDITION T O CHINA. FORMCS OFFICE, Oct. 15.ThefollowingtelegramwasreceivedattneForeign Offise this afternoon, from H e r Majesty's Consul a t Marseilles:ILtRsxii.T.Es, Oct. 15.—The allied troops reached the Peiho on Aug. 1. They a r e established: a t Pehfang, laving found the Northern and Southern Forts thereavaemed. On the 12th they attacked the Tartar camp. The Chinese tied in disorder.Pallavicini to quit Naples: peace, I offered the High. Pontiff, in whom I venerate " I tbiuk I possess a generous mind, and it is for thai; the head of the religion of my fathers aod of mypsople,once made, it is to b e hoped that h e will, a s regardsnot the Jesuit of the arts of a clandestine policy, but ofihe open influence of ideas and ofpublieopinibn. I wasthus enabled to maintain in that.part of the Italian peo-plewhichwasunitedundjarmysceptrethenotionofa officialagentsshallcollecttheirvotes at then; houses.do..*. .... do.......nationalleadership(egemoniaj, whence wastospring the concordant harmony of the several provinces in oneItisknownthat inmanyprovinces greatefforts will be made to paraljze the plebiscite, and it has thereforeLIVERPOOL, Oct.17.-~ThesteamshipAnglo-Saxon,13,000 do«...,...; T7i 150MS d©....,.„.....aloV'. 100 do......."Italy was able to understand my conception whenshe beheld my soldiers sent into the fields of the Crimea ade a t Capua, bnt without a n y result. I t is thoughtfrom New-York, arrived here to-day.MARKETS.LONDON. Oct. 17—3 p. xn.—CONSOIJJ, for money, pre a t 92^f8>92J, and for account at 9M-S93. m ¥_± Messrs. Klnesfcd & L»y'« Circular says: English WHEAT brin p» Monday's prices. Business in foreign ia limited, but lat*rates are fa l y supported. Sprisg-CoKN i s steady atMonday's prices. Tbo weather i* fine.beside the troops of the two great Western P6 overs. I wished thereby to acquire for Italy the right of partici- pating in all acts concerning the interests of Europe. At the Congress of Paris my Embassadors were able to. speak for the first time to| Europe of yonr sufferings. It became clear to all men how the preponderance of Austria in Italy wes injuijious to the balance of power inI Europe, asa what dangers beset the independence and freedom of Europe soj long as the rest of the Penin- sulawassubjecttoforeigninfluence. _" My magnanimous allyj, the Emperwr -Napoleon I I L , felt that .the Italian caulse was worthy of the great nation he rules. A righteous war inaugurated the new destinies of o u r country. T h e Italian soldiers foughtlat Mtg. S . F . Con. Bda. 971.0C0 Micb. So. l«t Mtge... 3S} i^H d./fta..r.. :::::::gROME, Oct.11.—Gen. Goyon has sent three regi- ingandfightinginhername. Policyputanendtotheclamation of Garibaldi addressed to thecitizensof CorrespondenceofTbeN.Y.Tribune. Molise: •;. ..b60 83;- 250b3083 50 «*j 50..b60 7t ....»5072ments to reoccupy Viterbo and the patrimony of St. Peter.Lamorioiere and Gen. Schmidt are expected here.Becddievre has been appointed Colonel. Cordova hasbeen summoned t o Gaeta. T h e Pope has issued awar, but not to its effects, which went on with their development, folio wing .the unswerving logic of events and of popular movement. ». ?•*Had I been actuated by that ambition which is as- cribed to my family byjthose whodonot considerGlory to the brave! to the chivalrous men who d e - fend tbeir hearths, their wives and their children, from the wolf.Glory to the children of Molise; they fought and conquered at Isernia.HARRISBURG, PA.,Oct29,1860.50500do.......dodo......b30 lit- ....al0 7 «£ To. G..:.m. 90 17TV;06 ....lea -e.... to,***, .... v--*with the acquisition of Lombardy; but I had shedthe precioue blood of my soldiers, not for myself, but for Italy. I had called the Italians to arms.. Several Ital ian provinces had changed their form of government to join inthewar of independence—a war opposed by their Princee. After the peacejof Villafranca those.provinces asked my protection against the threatened restoration of their former Governments. If the events of Central Italy were the consequence of the war to which we had called the people, if the system of foreign intervention was forever to be banished from Italy, I had a duty to recognize, and to uphold the right of those people legally and freely to uttet their vote.- I withdrew my Government—they made an orderly Government; I withdrew my troops—they organized regular forces, and, vieing with each other in unanimity aud civil virtues, they rose fo so high a reputation and strength, that nothing but the overbearing violence of foreignfeat him'. This success baa sent thruls of joy to the 350 100do..do..do.do., ia* ••••«•«•*'» Cv do- ..........alO 30ij do..UO* l|t**««"(**ll*a«« tflTbni the re*«a over tho»eof laiover1^*58-9;andtCoDDp'O. vitij OtZia*t Yr. r.ooclisse-?.. Inc.HBm tTb»! a»rliverira as tollowa:tiireaeonthatIreplvbyarefusaltoyoarletterofthe3d, totakeuponmyselfthevicarshipofUmbriaandthe rifledcannon,havejustbeencompleted,betweenthe-which I only read to-day in the Opinione Nazionale Marches. It was. evident that if those provinces, Lido and Malamocco, in order to render the entrance to •IfIonlyyieldedtomyfirstimpulse,andtofatigneof whichwereonlyrestrainedbythearmsofforeign theportofVenicealmostimpassable. ->Thewhole whatbethoughtwasrightafterward. Withthepres-mind, I should leave a land which I incumber, and hirelings, did not obtain the security of that civilizedwithdraw to one where liberty of opinion is left to government which I proposed, tehy would sooaerVenetian coast is being connected by a system of mines,which, bymeansofanelectricbattery,willbe able to blow into the air any corps, upon diaembarka-Cabinet, but to take their advice when needed, and do ent O. P. E., the case is quite different; he is merelyevery one, wliere good faith is not doubted, aod where or later break out intfo revolution. Neither will I tion. important questions, and even allows some members ofhe who has labored and suffered for the country does recall the counsels fjiven for many years by theof the road.and sold at93. The near approach of dividendday, when 10 &' cent ia anticipated, strengthening the market fcr this stock. Central was verr accive and well sustained until toward the close of thenot think it his duty to say to the brother who has Powers to KiDg Fevdinsand of Naples. The judgment VIENNA, Oct. 16.—TheOesterrcichiscke Zeitung an- Congress.done the same, fBegone.' You give no other reason which was pronounced against his Government at the nounces that the Counts.Nadasdy and Thun have r e -for your proposition, except it be the affirmation that, Paris Congress natural!y prepared the people for a without wishing it, I cause, division. I will give you change, if the outcry of public opinion and the efforts the reason of my refasal. * . of diplomacy proved to be of no avail. I offered thesolved upon quitting the Ministry.We have among us those who would not object to afirst-class MissioiJ, and even those who would be con-tent with lesstr stations; yet, regardless of the spoils,the 'wildest* enthusiasm prevails throughout the entireState, each m an for himself working and believing day, when it fell off to '82£®82J. A t the Sec-and central places, but it is feared that the inhabitants of the rural districts will not take the trouble to go_ to the poll, and it has consequently been determined thatGreat agitation and discontent,prevau.Strong jpatrols of the National Guard patrol the Streets.,.that operations will n o t b e Seriously resumed on.the Volturno until after the vote of the .21st. ,The King continues to make great defensive preplurations at Gaeta, and there is great activity in the port., The Piedmon- tese squadron, commanded by Admiral Persano, has not yet appeared at Gaeta, on account, as it is beaeve^, of a counter-order from Turin, sent as soon as it w as known that the blockade w a s n o t recognized b y t h eIQ {1,000 do................ 851,000 Mich. So. 2d Mtge... 601,000 do.•. **•'•••'«••#t*• v94,000 Mich Bo. 8kg. Fd. B . 78 1J005IU.Cent-Ka.Saip. » 5.000LaCr.icM.L.G.B.19 3(.0 4,000IiErieitW.2dMt46100powere."The AustrianGARIBALDI AND HIS 80LDD3ES.-The Nationalit6s publishes the following recent pro-Lloyds'running between Trieste and Aneona., SALTPETER 1» wanted; prices are stifler.,TAIXOW i s very firm, and business lanre. .: ' .i*° ........ dod o , , ,7<:*J 1Q0 7^4Caserta, Oct. 6,1860.SP AIN.. • ' , . . -,'••6thofNovemberwillsendusgreetingsfromherballot 200 do....42} 10 ...alO42i 200 s5 42 200dodo., do.-.o.icC. u r.v.c ^R.i. R. mm 111. CentralRR' 12 C. B.&.Q, hR ••«! C L N W. RK y C.AkSt L n-R tj - , steamers have,. ,. , discontinued100j SO«d>l...............al574The ConsuJa of Parma and Naples a t Aneona have been compelled to take down the arms of their formerCO. •«»•••*«.»,.from Turin.The same ionrnal also says their Msjastiea leaveSaragOEsa to-day.AUSTRIA.of cardidateB for the United States Senate in place of Governor Bigler, among whom there are several m e n of talents, such aa Thaddeus Stevens, David Wilmot, John Hickman, Thomas Williams, Morton McMichael, Thomas Marshall,, and Governor Reeder. However, because these men are named for the position, it is no reason to expect that either of them will be successful,22,000 do12,009 Erie 2d Mort Bonda 99*J 3<X) R«»a<JiogRR5,000 IIL Cent. RR. Bonda 93j 50 Micbigwa Cent RS...k30enna. His lady has been ordered not to leave her house.Laszlo Imre, one of the most influential men in thecomitatofSzolnok,hasbeenarrestedatSzaka;s.Fourothergentlemenofhighstandiogweresoughtbythe Austrians, but they had fled. More than two hun-WEDKESDA T, NOV. 31— P . X .VIENNA,Oct.14.^-Thereport,thattheCouncilof the Empire had been convoked for Dec. I, in order to: ETJSSIA.whichmaybe.disastroustoit,andI shouldappearto againstallItalianfeelings,mindsdarkenedbypassion WILNA, Oct.13.—Atr#ainconveyingtheEmperorof thatsomurhdependsonhisindividualeffortstosecure ond Board the market was moderately active,' attheOfiitc.01t" I do so because I do -not feel myself guilty, nor young successor of thai|King an alliance for the war of cause danger for the country, nor conceive projacts independence. But there also I found souls closedThe following York, during theavow such to be the case by yielding; because, a s a n and obstinacy. I t was natnrai that the events in North- Russia has arrived here, amid the greatest enthusiasm success. Y o u need n o t be surprised if Pennsylvania but the tendency was downward, and the unfavorable Italian, in an Italian land, which has recovered liberty, ern and Central Italy should arouse men's minds in the on the part of the population. The Emperor expressed gives Abraham Lincoln and Hannibal Hamlin 80,000 feeling continued to prevail up to the close 0 / businessI think I ought to represent and support in my person South. In Sicily the excitement broke out into open his satisfaction teethe manager of the.railway.majority.Pennsylvania send greeting to her sister States, andOct. -I, I80O. byo a RltC On account, of Cmtty cent below those of the S<scond Board. There wasan apparent if not real presaure of stock on the marketfor sale, to which the bulla presented no effecive re-sistance. The State stock market was without :ar or- I ' , , Total. tant change, excepting for Virginias, which so'd as 8*?,the right of every Italian to live in his own country when he does not attack its laws, and the duty of not yielding to an unmerited ostracism; because, after hav- ing contributed to teach, as much as was in my po wer,insurrection. A fight I began for freedom in Sicily,when a brave warrior, devoted to Italy and tome—General GaribaJci—sailed ' o i t s a i d . . Theywere Italians. Could, I, ought I, to have, pre-vented them? The jfall of the Government of1in the street, when the market etood at quota ions £© \maxim forgotten b y those w h o style themselves preachers o f concord a n d moderation; because n o one founds his own .liberty without respecting that of others; because, it would appear to me that, by voluntarily exiling myself, I should be guiltyof insult to m y country which cannot, without dis-honoring itself i n t h e eyes o f Europe, render iiaelfguilty of tyranny; to the King, who cannot fear anindividual without admitting himself to be weak, andnotsecureoftheaffectionofhissubjects,andtotheagainet 87 yesterday. They afterward recovered to COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.-'^^ respondentsintheBorderStates,giving theprogress 85£bid. Missouri6swereIp.c'ontlower. Iariilroidout creed, except for.the existing power, what/ever it may be, aid whom I consequen ly despise; it comes from the vulgar mass of credulous men, who swear without examination by the word of the Almighty, and whom 1 consequently pity. Lastly, because on arriving I received a declaration from the Dictator of tbis country that I was free in the land of the free. The greatest sacrifice I ever made w a s when, inter- rupting the apostolate of my f*ith for the sake of unity andconcord.IdeclaredthatIacceptedmonarchy, not out of respect for ministers or monarchs, but for the satisfaction of a blinded mujority Of the •Italian people; that I was ready to cooperate with the mon- archy, provided it founded the unity of the nation^ andthat it I ever were to take up my old flag again I would earnestly avow it, and publicly, too, to my old friends and enemies I therefore cannot spontaneously make another sacrifice. I f honest men, >s you say, believe in my word, it is their duty to convince iny adversaries that the path of intolerance which they parsue is the onlynowexistingfomentofanarchy. Iftheydonot believe a.man who has been struggling for the liberty of the nation for these thirty years, who has taught h:s aecuserstostammeroutthename ofunity, and who nevertoldafalsehoodtoanylivingbeing,letitbeso. The ingratitude of men is not a reason why I should voluntarilybowbeforetheirinjustice, ai*isanctionit."Naples. Oct 6. JOSEPH MAZZINI."PROCLAMATION O F KING VICTOR EMANUEL." To THE PEOPLE OF SOUTHERN ITALY." At a solemn moment for the national history and fdr the destinies of the country I address my word toThe report of the Gr* at Ship Company shows that the trip to the Italians; and will never allow Italy to become the America paid its expenses. £15,000 will bo required for the nest of cosmopolitan sects, assembling there to hatch works now to be executed", and there are olaitns agiiust the Com-Total..... HJPo Payniouia-ia t i aBalance-5By Coir: in hanil..AM»" I ascended the throne after a great national calami-peror. The J&vniteur gives a formal denial to the re ty. My father gave me a lofty example by abdicating nication that a column of French troops is coming here.several weeks, wasreceived inaadience by the Emp«tchtotheFrenchConsulatAneona, containingthe who forso many cenluries assurance that the invasion of the States of the Church lands the bones of their ex by the Sardinians were far from being effected with the the inheritance of every n a sanction of the Government of the Emperbrj on the—A correspondent writes from Warren "N. J., under date of Oct. 29:" The cordial relations which have existed betweenEnglandandPrussiawill,continuetoexist,ifthetwocountries do not mutually misunderstand their true in-terests. These relations have become more deeply J. M. Robinson and others. In the evening anothercontrary,thisinvasion hadhighly excited itsdiaap-.••-*••••«8.3W5SSoval. At that time it had not been decided to increases effective of the French army a t Rome.MARSEILLES, Oct.15.—ItisstatedbyPontifical acrownandtheword officers, returning from Italy, that Lamonciere was ex- dpm in an epoch notIncreaae *2,WloJoana, atUttthaJL.'.*.The fktiadtipof that o:tynaioThode.t*at;d:'cr •eourky, w ti«*;y.n which»^eotall«;a« tbettv't«onall-sucl di»tru»t cl the- t'uisnThei.-iiovnog cf -wheati "witd Detroit since theF o r t h o m o n t h ForthoBonth Forvfrtek**idi] Fo* week euit For week «ndk ForW»eaenilTotal toThe AUrm ipectedtoarrive'atRometo-day. _•' PARIS, Oct.15.—Tae Federal Councilhascom- mnnicated its reply to the late complaints on the partwishedthat,asitdeveL themannersofthepeopwadyexchangeofviewswhich,heutook.placebe- tweentheleadingstatesmanoft..dfcvrocountriesin view of the present great complications in the European politicaleystem. Themoreeatiafactor?itistobeena-the same boundaries, and ofa common language example, and the meinj ian star. I could nevier by the bond myselfbythat r was uy gaard- my choice betweencure b*re as they have been since the installation ofthe King's Government,andwecan conscientiously •say that w e do not denerve to have our tranquillity troub'ed. If, however, ,your orders, General, should be inch-that youcapnotchangeyoar determination,was held at Walnut Valley, in the north end of this county,onSaturdayafternoon,andspirited andsoul-> IH*^* •*a*«i«a*«t*>* >a»aaaiitt^»aa«a**t««««ti**$^M* ^"itshouldtakerootin Icouldneverharborany jealousy c r suspicion o~f what was dear to my people. BypreservingfreedominPiedmontIreligiouslyre-A reaction took place i n American securities, particularly the ered there as a new, strjange phaie of foreign interven- shares of the Illinois Centril and New-York and Erie. The op-reactionary plots, or to (further the objects of universal demagogy.r* People of Southern Ita^y ! My troops march intoyour country to strengthen public order. I do notpany for £18,010 and £5,876, which they feel called upon to resist.The exports of tea from China to date, 13th August, were 13,- 500,000 lb, an increase of 4 500,C00 ft. Rates of exchange were .4/9 at Bong Kong; 6/7J at Shanghai. In the China marKets, forand Toledo Railroad, 33i©33|; Chicago and Reck Xo Peyraeni* in CoiTheMonitor*.Toscanoofthe10thofOctoberpub- lishesthefollowingverycuriqnscorrespondenceinthe at4®4i.ForeignB'lUv.o. SuitedMat**b...:ioItalian language, with the French text en regard:,. " HEADQUARTERS, ROME, Oct. 7.."M.LEGONFALONIBIRE:IhavethehonortoacqnaintLIVERPOOL COTTON MARKST, Oct 15 —There was a good de- mand to-day, and the sales exceed 10,000 bales; 2,500 on specula- tionand for.exportOCT. 16—Inconsequenceoftheadvic«s todayperAnglo-CorrespondenceofTheEveningPost.: PEORIA, IB., Oct. 24,1860. To Glasgow, 20,000 bush. Wheat at 13Jd.. in b.*g>, a^d Ignited State* r> .iioileave Rome on the 9rh of October for Viterbo, at 3i%51; 13,000 on speculation and for export . 'from Indiana and Pennsylvaoia has had a very pros- trating effect on the Democrats, and that numbers are fleeingfromtheirranksinconsequence,; butit is also true that these champions have so enlightened the peo- ple that they are determined to put drwn the dema- gogue. "Turning" to Republicanism has become so common, that it ia no longer a novelty.Judge Kellogg who represents this District in Con- gress at pVesent, has debated with his opponent Inger- soll,inallthelargetownsofthisDistrictwith.flatter- ing succees. Mr. Ingersoll ia popular with the "Peoria boys ' • b u t cannot g o t o Congress until h e becomes a Republican. TheDouglas poles have broken in so many instances lately, toat the people regard it as omi-The following is the Gonfaloniere's answer •" VITERBO,Oct. 8. TINE,32/6. TALLOWsteadyht58/6^08/9.Increuaeia I860.'...... fortheweekendingthe26thinst.wasaifollows:'* M. le General: The Municipal Commiasion of thistown,ofwhich I havethehonortobePresident,isdisagreeably surprised a t t h e receipt o f your commu- LATEST.P A X I S , Oct. 15.—The Moniteur says: T h e Papal is my consciousness of the duties which a m4n placed NunciobeingabouttoproceedtoRroie onleavefo byProvidenceonanItalianthroneoughttofalfiu.ported existence of a dispatch addressed by the Dake the crown to save his own dignity aod the freedom of Relying oh the assurance of your Emperor that no in-de Gramont to LamoricieVe, announcing to the latter his people. Charles Albert felt sword in hand, and died tervention would take place in Italy, we prockimadtheimmediate assistance,of.theFrench troops,and inexile. Hisdeathassociatedmoreandmorethedes- theGovernmentofKingVictor Emanuel, thefriend Madridtc-day,ayoungman.a>medwitha smallpis- are.inaLiecondition.says:TheFrenchEmbassadorhadonlysantadis*tiniesofmyfamilywiththe eItalianpeople,andtheallyofFrancejHisMnjeatysentaCommis-tol,attemptedtoshoothorMajesty.Thepistol,how- >e\er,missed lire. The man is believed to be insane.ntoall foreign Bionertogovernus, wehave maintainedthemost BERLIN, Oct.17.—The official^Prussian Gazette e for restoring perfect order with the unanimous consent of all-the contains a leading article upon the interview atyGod within citizens. Persons a i d property were never so se- Coblenlz, in which it says:Pa*senjreiaF<eightand live »tock.-... Mailaandeundrios......$23,213 ^ i 30.812 -15 1..421 68BORNEO.»ALEXANDRIA, Oct. 7.—The w ar in Borneoagainst he natives was being continued advantageously to theasks them to beat her if they can. . -,THE €AUSE IN MARYLAND.' K.On account of P;tv»r; , On account .of Post-i On account of Mi»c On account of Lvanthelove and esteem of the people. The new Govern-*meht in the Two SicilieB was inaueuratedin my name.But some of its atots cau*eed apprehension, lest it shouldnot in every respect well interpret that policy which isrepresented by my name. I t w a s feared throughoutItaly that under the sbajde of a glorious popularity, of aloug tried honesty,' a faction should muster which wasready to sacrifice the forfhcomiDg triumph of the nationalcause to the chimeras- of its ambitious fanaticism. A llItaliansturnedtometdavertthisdanger. Itwasmy theuninterruptedcontinuantofbadwearier.•Thefirstbar- November. Theworkingmen«aredeterminedtore-menofyourpartywhocannotbeexcitedatthepres- dutytodoit/becauseinjthepresentemergencyitwould gainsformonpywereat92$®?-,and,thelast*at92f®$. Forac- mainnolongermudsillsofsociety;wearenowboundcount, the final price was 923'S|.be no moderation, no wisdom, but weakness and im- In the discount market notwithstanding the payment of theprudence, not to.take-with a strong hand the direction dividends, there has been an active demand at 4 $ cent.of that national movement, for which I am responsible The Orwell has, arrived from Melbourne with 37,877 ounces,ence of a man declared by them to be alone and aban-doned, without contradicting themselves; because thedesire comes not,.as you think, from the country whichlabors and combats under the flag of Garibaldi, butfrom the Turin Ministry, toward whom I have nodebt, and whom I think fatal to the unity of theconntry; it comes from intriguers without consience,withouthonor,andwithout national morality; with- tion,andtheworstofalK InaveproclaimedItalyfor tionalrightsoftheformeralsoreceded4toJ. ,to go for free homes, free speech, free preis, and free white men. The glorious triumph ot the late elections in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Indiana has given a new impetus to the liepublican party here; there are acces- sions to it daily, and we hope soon to see Maryland re- deem* d through the agency o f the most powerful wea- ponsoftruthandjustice. Wehavemadearrangements to hold a meeting- in tbis place .on Tuesday evening next; Messrs. Blair and Ewing, two of our Electors, are to be present and address the meeting on t h e occa- sion. This will be the first Republican meeting ever held in this place. Whenever Republicanism takes root it ia certain to branch; the seed once sowed will yield tenfold. Some of the leaders of that great, Union- loving, law-abiding party, which claims to stand on thebefore Europe., I have sent my soldiers into the worth about £151,000.Marches and Umbria, and scattered that ill-sorted mob of people of all nations and tongues which had gath-It was ?tated this afternoon ihat a telegram has been received from CorMuiitinople announcing the burning of 22 ships.' \•/MONEY MARKET—LONDON, Saturday Evening.— of Republicanism. Thinking that a little informationbonds the quotations were generally lower, aad sherewas a moderate business done. The mo3t importantdecline was in Erie convertible, which sold a t 0J. T h eclosing prices were:. United S a ea 5s. 1874,102^ ®102jjTennessee 6sJte87@87i; Virginia 6s, 85i®85?; j£i*3onri6s,76i®763;California7a,a,i.,92©93;CantonCf.t17^®17£;PacificMailSteamshipCo.,92^©92;Nev-York Central Kailroad, ;82f®82ij, Erie Radroad, 2 9 |-@30; Hud8mEiver, 58i; Ilarlom Railroad, \6i®l7;Hailem Preferred,41i©4lf; Reading, 41j©4.1J; Mich-igan Central, 61i©62; Michigan Southern and NorthernIndiana, 17J © 17£; Michigan Southern Gaarauteed, 37J®37|; Panama, 123©124; UhnoisCentral, 721©725;Galena and Chicago Railroad, 70©70i; ClevelandNotwithstanding the rebound on the Bourse, the Eagllsh Funds have been heavy. Consols were qnotadTat the close at 92:}S)£ lor money, end 93 for Nov. 8.| . Egg s®»»83W tin ^on the Bubject of Republicanism in Maryland might be agreeable to your many readers, I take the liberty of addressing you a line or two. I n '56 only one vote was cast for Col. Fremont in this district. W e expect to poll a t least 75 for Lincoln and Hamlin on the 6ih ofLGNDOII, Monday Eventog, Oct. If.—Consols opened without recovery this morning, and have since experienced a farther de- cline, chiefly from the signs of an active demand for money, aadMONBY MARKET.—LosnoN, Oct 16—ru»aiay Evening.—^Thefine's opened heavily this morning, and soon experienced a fur-ther decline. Home revival of confidence was manifested. ;just attheclose,andtheappearanceofthemarketwastheainallreipe'ciBbetter ThefirstquotationinConsuls ftr moneywereat threatentobreaiupourmeetingandmob us. Now, 92£@92i[, and under the influence-of several sales there wis a fallof bills, and very limited demand. Leadiog bankers ask 108 for sterling, butwe hear of sales of their billgj fromsecondbandsat107^. Fraidare5.22J-^o.i7|.•Jiy Fine Ban. A*>jy By t'upnrted B-X-o> By Butaon at tu- j iTotal... Lc*» D«' &Balance..JT A TKMBNT <^' O'.xV Y*rkfmrt>po*U» Ot tKvU..f otcigu COUJ*. torei^ubiuii>n. UnitedSjtataaB»||l>epo#tt» Ot M'.ver. Ii P Foreign Coin*at from 3@3}^ cent. . .Tlje last price from Paris on Tuesday evening was 69f.l5c.result be what it may.,in bnlk and bags; 25,000 bash. Corn at 12Jd.. in.tega; 100bbls. Beefat6s.6d..;50bhds.Tallowat32s.6d., and200bbla.Roanat3i.6M. ToLondon^15,000 bnsb. Wheatat 13^d., in bulk, and 14d. in bag^; 1,100 bbls.Flourat3s.9d.,and50balesof Hopaat*d.youihatacolumnofFrenchtroops,composed oftwo Saxon,reportingconsiderableinjury'causedtothegrowingcrops Kellogg, Lovejoy, TomCorwin andothersof thatfTotalDepe.: Total Depc»!Gold Uamatainp.-. Tnni»n;U»ed to (lu regaidtobattalions ofthe25th of theLine,asectionoftwo piecesofartillery,and20horsemen,forminganeffect-by a storm, our ma ket has been animated, and a large business has;be*n don« at extreme,and insome casesratherhigher rate's. Thesalesare20,000American,4£;8.600Egyptian,7i©stamphavesothoroughly ''done"thisState,thatitis nolengtranopenquestionwhether OldAbe,williveforceof60officers, 1,260men, and70horses, will 101; 100remain,8^8?; 1C0Maranham,H^'A,and3^000Surat be elected. It is true that the"earthquake news"8itl^I)?>3?®eclle8 "w*,re n , *d e b ? ex-&ov. Reeder, Col.Istrengthenedfree- yonwillnotmeetwiththeslightestresistance,butyou rooted,andbayeacquiredincreasedfirmnessaudex- meetmgwasheld,mwhichtheseveralWide-AwSce showedanincreaseof$5,12546,whichmake*atotrfbleto freedom, and I will fivd the town deserted unless you assure us that tension, by tbe conference at Toblentz, and by the Companies took nart, and had a most imposbo- proces-increaseforthefirstthreeweekaof$8,0336H.TbebusinessoftheClearing-Housewas$27,208,737.On demand, money with a little more activity :s abun-dant at5©7F centonchoicetomixedcollitsral*Paper appears to be hardening a little, but there is noyouwillnotbefollowedbythereaction. Imyself andtheentiremunicipalitywillseekaplaceofeaf^y, as will also the other citizens, who almost all are liable toprosecutionbytheclericalGovernment.t r a d e r t h e p r o t e c t i o n o f i n t e r n a t i o n a l r i g h t s , b u t n o t c r e a s e t h e w e l l - b e i n g o f m y p e o p l e . I w i s h e d t h a t t h eHags hoisted on vessels or rau*roads, where every State Catholic religion should be respected, but also 'that mifision, in placing hiuself in communication with good understanding of Prussia with her Eastern neigh- count for Lincofji and Hamlin, and Berthoud on the•ofFrancebymeansofaverbalnote,whereintheFederal Council expresses its regret on account of the spected the heritage which, the prophetic mind of my :'. • "Kecevsv, &c.,sjon. TheWashington Wide-Awakes^aJS Oxford LincolnandHamlmClubalsoheldaverylargemeet- ing a t Oxford Furnaces The Hon. Geo. >V. Scranton, and Gen.McAllistifrofPennsylvaaia,madetellingeventsatGeneva,butstatesthattheycouldnotbecon- augustfather hadbequeathedtoallItalians. Byrep- «idered as an international offense. This note adds that resentative franchise, by popular education, by the the flags of Embassadors and Consuls alone are placed freedom of trade and industry^ I endeavored to in-bled to Btate that there was a coincidence between the speec^ies, as did Alexander P. Ber*&oud, our candidatefor Congress. T h e meeting w i s a perfect success,Jmstherightto prohibitthe hoisting of foreignnags. fribee Mettexnichisexpectedheresoon. Itissaid thatbehasbeeniiistruetedby hisGovernmenttogiveeverymanshouldbefreeinthe sanctuaryofhisown conscience;and.bystrengtheningcivilauthority, I openlyresistedthat obstinate and.schemeing factionGen. de Goyon, and ieplying as above to his commu- nications,actedinconcertwithme,andwehave togetheradopted, underthese critical circumstances,bors,tbehappyresultsof theinterview at Coblentz ErovesthatPrussiaunderstandshowtocultivatethe jgbly-importantinterestsbywhich sheisboundtoeveningofthe6thof November,from thisoldDemo- craticcoanty."the French Government explanations concerning the which boasts to be the only friend and guardian of the the measures dictated >yprudence and the desire to England."interviewatWarsaw. , ThePariscorrespondentofTheTimes,savs:ThecoM, rainy weather we experienced last week, had a—The SavannahRepublicanofSatai>daysays*ltthcsackofiaOJdios.Sovereign and the people m the purpose of national in-^ m> •-• ^:-.^i'-'•••' •••-••^The King's Ccmmiwiener. Duke Gyonu."ment's notice.sensible people Immm^r-- ^miikmmimenti on the new loan at the Sub-Treasury here haft>tmLANOTHER ; M A R K S NwiT.»-The hanging" of evidently atwo-edged sword, and can cut thehand tuat Throne,butwhichaimsatrulinginthenameofKings, maintainorderwithouttroublingbyexaggeratedfears LONDON,Oct.17.—-TimHerald's Pariscorrespond- Hitehingsandhisson,atBennettavilie,SouthCaro- ;wieldsiv AnypaperwithaSouthernnameoniiilviews andopinionsofEngland andPrussia onthe " ALLESSANDRO DI AGOST1NO POL1DORI." great and important questions of the day.""ThePresidentoftheMnnioipalCommigrion... H VlTERDO, Oot.8. Tbe article thus concludes:lhe Urea oi freedom burn Jw'ghtly on every hill and in quotable change in rates. A considerable amonnt 01** M . P o l i d o r i , t h e P r e s i d e n t o f t h e M u n i c i p a l C o m - " W h i l e t h e W a r s a w i n t e r v i e w i a a p r o o f o f t h ec a n b r e t h r e n m a y l o o * w i t h c e r t a i n t y f o r a n o b l e a c -and placing between the Sovereign and the people the the spirit of the population. The object of this declar- ent states that the departure of additional troops forbarrierofitsintoleruhtpassions. Romehasbeensuspended. The2dDivisionofthe Una,turnsouttobeahoax,andthestartlingatory lookeduponwithcomparativedisiaver. 'Wehear<rf ation is to show that nobody can tax as arbitrary a about bpxes of revolvera and pikes a humbug of the" This system of government could not be without resolution taken in entire concert with the Govern- army of Lyons has received a countermand, but has grst water. *mtchings was examined and discharged. further sales of $200,000 Government new 5a, at J Vmarked effect on the Paris flour market. Flour of theionjr marks rose from 59f. 25c per sack to &iL Wheat effect upon the rest of Italy. The concord between the mental authority.been warned to hold iUelf in readiness to start at' a mo- How siDy we a r e making ourservee in the eyes of all cent premium. Treasury Notes are heavy. Thepiy-Untitled Documentw ^$4o,2S6 15'MADRID, Oct. 17.—On the arrival of the Queen at nous. The spirits of the party, hereabout certainly,....$55.40'7 111 Corresponding*rc*koflaaejear.••«»•••••••• 4J.215'.*: .,••.-../early hour this morning.beendecidedtosendtroopstoassurethefreedomof , QUKENSTOWN,Oct.17.—-ThesteamshipEdinburgh, 500NewYorkCen.6a...9rj f/v\dO.•'.... ..........SOOAK—Prlcei are maintained, erate.although business i s only mod-TEAK—Stiffer terms are paid, and there are.many operations. RICEisfullya»dear,withalargebusiness.leoMech. Bkg. Aaao 20OceanBank40 Union Bank 10BankofComm«rceSOCanton Company...... 18}t1iu0u0do.. fc30 «>•»•.*7 « bl5 7 i!isales to-day, 15,000 bales, of which 5,000 were on speculation an< for export, . '1 8 P e n n . C o a l C o8 2 j 2 0 0LIVBEPOOT., Wednesday, Oct 17—3 p. m—COTTON firm74 •W74 73Pacif.MlSt'mahip Co.93j 7wev.uoi.* tan.RR. «f5 do 93J 400 Cler. «c PittaVa RR.... 1? 20StcnlngtonB.R...-_..... 77 500 GaL & O d e ERBEEAnsTtjpys firm. FLOUR quiet. PROVISIONS dnlL .LARD tteady.* •26 TheGuhernatorialcontestisoyer,and thecauseof 150uO*• •*•#••••*••••• wi 3<0no.........,., ,,.^*MIdo.• • • • • • • • • • 4 , ,ltKM*'. 11*57-3:.IMS--:..I8M-1...Republicanism ia immensely triumphant. Andrew G .400 50 do. ><•*>•••»•••- -ffGO ?io AJU100 do.* «••••» 25 Erie K. R .hearts andhomes of millionsin thisbroadland—not 835 becauseofthesucceesoftheman,but theprinciplesof 10050 thepartywhich herepresented. It insuresthe Skate 100for Mr. Lincoln, and formsthe Keystone of the Trium- 50 phalArchunderwhichourgallantstandardbearerwill O5050 CiO................. 1'4 'TMUO*•«••••• mm••••#• w • do..... anwk (5. do..............bCQS&.100 passtobeinauguratedPreeidcntoftheR9publiconthe 200 do 17*150do do...... dodobjcj 46 a]0»lm$j£S34thofMarch,1861. WefselthatNew-E^glaud,Nev-Tork, New-Jersey, and " the West" fully respond tothe nobleness of our efforts, and that each State on thedo................ 17i 50 95HarlemR.R.Pref..... 4'5 35065 »606Sboxes no lees cordial and enthusiastic.Our triumph has not only been with the Governor,but we have carried our State Legislature by a large,200 d o . .••*«..»BECOM> BOARD.great national platform of the Constitution aud the en- forcementofitslaws,hasbecomeso.degradedastoCHEERINGPROSPECTS INILLINOIS.Frank Blair addressed another multitude of visitorstothiscityto-day. Butthework isabout finished.700J)bls. Flour at 3s. 6d. A brig of 173 tune, from Jacksonville tothenorthsideofCuba,andoa:k,on private terms. A brig of 200 000 fret capacity to load South-toHavana,twotripe,withlumberat$1250cer M feet. ;••:."•:;. :. .Tbe business of the Sub-Treasury was: Receip'.s, $348,644 79—for Customs, $102,801 7 0 ; P a y m e n t $352,218 36j Balance, $5 175.582 12.Tf e receipts of the Morris Canal have been:CniUsi Malta b :.-:*,County," A laroe and enthusiastic meeting of the Republicans week in October:every valley of our bea«tuhl county, and our Republi-paper has been sent here for discount from Boston. w h i c h h a s t e m p o r a l i l y s u p p l i e d t h e d e m a n d . T h e r e i i alsoa.coneideiable•amount ofSouthern draftsonthe market.apparen«lykitea.whichaxeverydifficultofnego- tiation,evenathighrates. Thedhiuuionpaniccryi*R.A.D'•*'M«i-'W*•. *.•.reached %\,CW< (H ihat ^ete ptw& tJhy K.Oroad C the c'ju»it,veT(»y ^ merit?...The itjtjccticn pany. TheKric Moft^sHjre bond* tdue en tr* let >'< VerviLJ^ oond» o( •Hillte paid on tb Com u<>j. T b e atdW«rri*ra.Applncue.c-c*y>t'»-ir^iaip<>yt»a>t. Th»iJee^itg firm'^il Mew*, f-'te wfi; betti s I'Cfttd T»X the Vi-t'oat 01 hoo«;t;* w»fe canti failur*!',.Tb*- fc.UowihK Cott'bforttV-las p a t e t f . v . , . h t h u m'} raft mr*tl«55M>0.v ....I«2,'^afcws-p.,,., .^..lVVO ....UC'O1*57-8... ....'38,''0 1356-7... ..../92 O 1855-(j... ....>1.' 0his Cabinet, pursue the course that " Old Hickory'T did,whichwas,nevertosubmitaquestiontoavoteofthe andnearlyeverydescriptionleftoffatadecline.Thelargest fall Was in Barjitgtou and Qaiccy, which sold down to 81 ^ against 84 £ yesterday. This, inthefica of a 5 ^ cent dividend just declared and a coatiiuance of favorable traffic, was very uuexpecced to the friends;do... bl0 31 920 Harlem R . R . 1 8400 do1600 Reading Railroad £50 do500 do....;.. 414 10042 200 ChL, Bar. It Ci.RR....Cana! ..... .;5,000 do........... 5 0 0 M i e n . S o . 2 d M . B a . 2,0<0 do...........10 Bank of America...10 uO ••••••••••••• 250 N. Y . Central R . R .50 do......iro do......' 150Eiie Railroad150 do......100 do • • • • • • • • a. 5 92 0 0 d o . . . . . . . t 6 0 624 •50Mic. S. &N. I. G. S.... 381 1G0 do..............*30 37*.Boatoii.Oct. id.... Total ..;....L&*< vie* Deere**-....,...;.The followingand S[«?ci«qu*tafrom the rat*;3Mesflte.Thomp»U. Y. t,6rr»acj. Kew-fcvi<'u»ad... Wew-Jefae*..... I'hijWlpbla.... Baiticor-- .;, latenofPenaajrlraic InUrlo.- ACarrlai 0^0. Sir:,and Indl 8. Carrt)<r* and Giro KortL C^ro'dna40Acrfa . . . . . . . .SOAcxn ...i22<. Aco*...'1£0 At ri.-«.:....,..OHPhliadolphis.... OQBaitl»nor«.../ Oo fc<«-.<>3..... . .GnChkvqo...',..Bankc(Epgjand^f< Bank oi Franc* %> FMexican Oollara... Sp«m<L D.oU&r*..., IrraFcaric PUK*-*, French. Crotrna....I G*tmar Cravnu... Pruasiat Tnaiera...SoTcjffUa*..... ~.. S T^rcntr Kranca.... Ten Thal«r Piece*.. Ten Guilder Piecoa.:attiTE 2,fOOMlwourfSUte6t 77imo *<i -\.-- -SiT*OftheMariettaandCincinnatiRailroadforthethirdTheearningsforthe first twoweeks in theB*OO»l0°T11 <**••••• ••1059:dOoO. .50 Clere. b. Toledo RR.„. ^Pacific Mail was among the firja stocks,„ ri»>.% Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 