 ffer a word % s*«ifoments co*- >often stronger wui 3trength«a-arsenal on Ida airr*of it, an* our doing so, yards "were com- >i more vital iaat- • All that was-%' jup dc main*,dockyards and »<? ahaps, in spite on eeverai occa-ont onr coasts. uneasiness which erected in every d England moreis. for her regular .rmy promised to \that these latter •hat preparation* •verament were be country, andhe feeling of the >bythehouse,amendment of nswered by that lit. The House T even five mH2- rpeaditure of at e standing army i would require-I :<> know if the to the expendT •were the mSKThehon- gen> tdedbydifferent » aspect by hi* b i t i n g t h e m . H e liaoed in Franca sd to the present - ust and create a!tb a view to te- tter kingdom oa ' >a snoamaryof defense Commis- red that we hadcould be made em, while they iew long-rangei a letter of the »e. to which he tit in the same , le argned gen-the commission y entailed ex- had not added he relative pro-n made io oars. §j orn foreign ag- •ie Government.y which wonklIt It appears that two men and a youngster of abou*-v«nt**^yfca'8of age, having heard that the CaDtauii ad rrcened the mon«-y for the freight aud thinking evacuation of Sicily from motives of humanity. 4,000has been singularly exaggerated. The news wasbrought to Genoa, by the Captain of an English shipot he declared le cowardice of ti me w^ en weChina, and ne- tbe two coon- Tench Empire,wn the time of us? question of . p*iost oar vast ardencies whichHouse was not efenee Cornmis- iff*.: rs made thewhy was only why were not 1atonce? He ding with she ing to keep out,•bat the present ' iried the speech hi* proposition.»cewithregardvere used here 'ranee. He didard, but to thes. He adeo, ob^ion, qoee-ioaed .-. "•not taken euf-enbytheGov- cmiMJon iu fal- >ved of its com- ndatiooa Heonly regretted >id and knmedi-i far as the sea- med, be agreed he differed with ed oat, h wonldamy u> mzxx it; »nd defenses of wn Hi'i, which, dangerous fromJd Mr. Berke- 2ngliah; and as tat he had raih- iu:n objected zo w not to emir- rronni London p<>'8, oa which Tiu> noble lord 6* r ^ p l e d t o t h e bo had spokenae of peace thef troop*; while ">foarmilitary>r the purpose, diog? with the taopoin'-edlong b'.-re was noti*- -•defense which JDmightspring >vernment was duty in propoe- i with the kel- oid be carriedjected, and thetRLIAMENT., s3diosc.r Lord "-tsntion of the iid not think it atrocities which gin from which, am, however, 'taking Jprompc t an end to :£*5 least pwsibie r to. Syrji vyas ?aa a*ve totalsMJJCiti^Drt withJr^i-ies which '-'-it matte^ no as.ge ine&H of ui«nt were not irbancea, he fortc^rfyeaoe} or P->wer, aoder i WAS, »© doobt, »P*.aiid aay ex- >awarb-*screen«uoa nerer had muse* had been t h e r S n t w t t h a t £ and Ta kish *ieeir confine*, fcea pia«e ooald he W43 sorry *^> o. the secantie*) t. as it ha1 beec f actoaicor-niv-»iJgatioi; wynJrJ atoori'i«e, <&£ tie th'-a pro- 3'jveniyQt ooe akaese of t^e 2:' a eadsted,J too relar^d irmy; . Tcere TarK«jy hatl :e!y to en'jaefr*5dt ''Kigtemc<> onr door«. fit^arse,aui ic1 she hadaPowers'.••> any t:me ic- 5 '»•» obje'.'te ,z.>and the boy taken to Exeter jad for trial. The two men are supposed to be at Branscombe, in the easternwhile the Garibaldini must have lost 800 men. Gar- ribaidi himself, according to his representation, mast have been twice in imminent danger. A captain in the Cbaksenrs had raised his sword and.grazed the neek of the general, who immediately cut huh down, and two or three Sicilians finished him, on which Garibaldi killed one of these yili, and protested against strik- ing a man on the ground. On another occasion he was exposed to, the following danger:— A grenade burst right before him, and he was only sav6d from destruction by his horse rear-ing movement, which.the enemy could easily execute large guns which were there.Exchange at Shangbae I & cent higher. Freight* unchanged.HsJH'Ve iofor*& ParJiiavjijr,, "ur Coasul- >^ view to>ar'of prn>0j-r "* by pm& in presecH'eso **>6g in- <*e taa, her*j? SpTort x • c-iiBcby tfca •*J« troeped ;^' 'foa^e. ?letoiti»3ect^ they re- nd deli«'ae»sto rb** :>a>. - %rian fy>5Q.COMMERCIAL.t i e eveiing that the could on'y sit nthenegr.ej* pew, the representative of tne Saltan should receive inf irma- speedy solution of the struggle, seem to usa better rea- partly gone before, or retired with the troops to the The evacuation on one side, and the entry of the vic- >***,<:.v, 10,000balo«. laolodb^4,000 ou «iMculation vad for «»a<;.hg7p>I this dVy; «SA. 71l^taouaec^e,iand the result of their deJib-flrauoo* had been a protocol Bigxxd *x Paris defining the coodriooe ander wbiob the intervention of an European force ou«ht to take ptaos. This prototoi had be*n signed by thefive greit Powew and the representative of the Porte, and wad to the fol- lowing effect: „'inn between this statement and the assertion that the Morattur. It is merely a. miluaiT eoaveption for the and Messina. The loes of Garibaldi's army at Melazzo"That a tore* not exceeding 152,000 European troops honght, a favorable opportunity for the parpose. I;but it turns out that tbe Captain spoke bad Italian, aud n cant to say that the Company, though in the thick of the fight,' had only lost seven men killed and wounded.the mark, I have still in remembrance the devotion tbe harbor, but it was only yesterday that the con- whith the town of Brescia showed a little more than a ditions were fixed.year sgo, when the inhabitants vied with each other Tbe Neapolitans are to evacuate tbe two forta on the tohoTise tbe 18,000 wounded of the battle of Solferino, bill* above the town, leaving all tbe maUriel la theshould be srtt to Syria, of which F.auce woold imme- d»teJv fUrt i*h 6 000? that the other 6,000 shoala, in yafrf. they were reemred, be famished by such one of the Powers as shau be deemed expedteat, and that the costmnaoce of European troops in Syria should be lim-ited to six months.''The great Powers ahjo declared their disiotereeted->sees in concluding the arrangement for- isterrention in Syria, and their intention not to twek for exclusive ad- vantages, influence, *or privileges. He also state i what steps had been taken oy the Porte for the sup- pression of these dis"arbanees. The different Po were bad also determined to seud a Commission to Syria, and Lord Dofferin had been selected to represent Eu-.,gland. Be was glad to inform the House that the Governor of Dnmasous was already in custody, and was to b* brought to trial. He ©oucarred with the re- marks of Lord Stradford de Redcliffe m to the difficul- ties inseparable from the Eastern queetion hut he could.notagreewithhimthatthetimoforpaluativeswas 'passed. The stability of the Turkish Empire w«sof the greatest importance to Europe, and everythingwhsThe Captam's watch on deck, and one of the coo- rpirators, who was at the Wheel from 8 to 10. camought to be done to preserve i<-larepiy to a question from Lord Derby, Lord Wode of PJante, and run ter ashore, and drowu them. Theulaii<<n was drawn up in a manner that exacted no hu- miliation from the Neapolitans; they were granted the honors of war (though they were to leave ad the ma- terial of war in the city), and were to leave the island as soon as possible. In the interval, before going on board, Colonel Bosco, the Neapolitan fire-eater, caas-d all the cannon to be spiked, a dirty and disgraceful trick; so that when the Colonel was about leaving the city on hrrseback, Garibaldi ordered him to dismount, directed his horse to be taken to Medici, and calling fourcarabineersorderedthemtotaketheheroonboaaa. There can be no difference of opinion as to the cro- d u c t o f B o s c o , a n d G a r i b a l d i w a s f u l l y j u s t i f i e d i a thus, degradirg him. I have met, also, a person attached to the Neapolitan troops, who came up with a large body of them yesterday morning. He.say8 that the surrender of Melazzo was a ne« ceesity, as a mine had been made up to the very walls, which were iu a shaky, unteaable slate. They were without water, their wine was vinegar, and as tolery on this point more successfully than at any other, yand while the column to the left, without artillery. _tried to sustain this unequal struggle, the center foundliiself likewiee in face or the enemy. Leaving the nar- row road, inclosed on both sides with garden walls, they penetrated into the gardens on both sides to attack the enemy, whose advanced posts had taken position iu some detached houses not far from the point.where the firet ci oss-road joins the main road of Miri at the ham- letofLeGrazie, Thetroopsbelongingtothesecondpaltry excuse, which proved the very reverse of whatv i c t o r s o f C a l a t a f i m i a n d c o n q u e r o r s o f P a l e r m o , i t w a s i n t e n d e d t o p r o v e , r o u s e d G a r i b a l d i ' s a n g e r t o I N D I A a n d C H I N A .. soon drove the enemy's outposts from the detached such a pitch that his first impulse was to have the cap-houees; but it required considerable exertion to make tain shot, but he was prevailed uponto send him before The Overland Mafia by the steamer Simla—wbiafc- him leave the cover behind. Invisible to the eye, a Court Martial. The process is not over, and he re- bad reached Aden with her main shaft broken—had he fired with deadly aim at our advancing troops, mains under arrest, as well as the engineer. been telegraphed viaTrieste, and would reach England. prostrating numbers of them without suffering himselt. The same day all the dispositions were taken to in two or three day aF r e q u e n t l y t h e c o v e r w a s s o t h i c k t h a t n o t e v e n t h e h a * t e n t b e a p p r o a c h Of a l l t h e c o l u m n s t o w a r d M e s s i n a T h e d a t e s a r e S h a n g h a i M a y 3 0 , H o n g K o n g J u n e puffs of smoke were visible; it was the most trying The Sicilian volunteers of Messina, Catania, and Noto? 7, Melbourne June 19. There had been a greavpaoie thing to the soldier to fight against this formidable under the orders of Colonels Fabrizi and Inderucco, at Shanghai among tbe native*, owing to the approaok phantom adversary, who seemed inaccessiole. Any received orders to advance toward Gesso, on the hill- of the rebels. Tbe native banks were closed and trade general disposition became impossible^ the men of one road, while the 1st andSJd Brigades of the 15'Jh Division was suspended. The steam transport Acsistance had company often 'scarcely, seeing each otherj much l«ss received orders to hasten on the road from Cataoia to been totallv lost, but all on board were saved. The' those of another. The road, which at first sight seemed Messina The advanced guard of the 2d 'Brigade had commercial depression at Melbourne continued. Tho to be the most difficult point, proved easier than the already occupied Taormina, considered asthe Thermo- crops were promising. The gold shipments since hut rest, for there, at any rate, one could see the adversary phlae of Meesina, on the eastern ehore. The 1st Brig- mail were over 130,000 ounces.and his movements. .Tbe only tactics possible under ade was on its way from Not> toward Catania.these circumstances were to push on the road and thus The garrison, enclosed in tbe citadelof Melazzo, wastake in flank and rear, some of, the more difficult covers summoned to withdraw, leaving behind guas, horses,ot canes; and, on the other hand, to make a bold push and the whole war materiel., This was refused, and 3d. The Calcutta dates are to June 18. Ths lodige through tbe cover, unmindful of losses, to gain the jear in consequence, the means had to be thought of to re- prospects were more favorable, aod quotation* w*re of the enemy's position on the road. The heavy losses duce it. The gunB of the Tuckori were to be taken 4 rupees higher. Exchange, 2/'»3/6. Freight* un- which suci an unequal fight entailed on the attacking cut, and at the eame time a telegram sent to Palermo changed. Shirtings dull, but Mule-Twist tending t o -horaae stated that the facts ot noerci- g the noble conduct of Mr. Barvey, at Tyre, as stated ia tne> newspapers, were quite correct. Be also referred, in eulogistic terms, to the spirited and humane conduct of a aiahom- edan lady at Has eia who had given refuge to 300 Christian women, and prevented their massacre.Lord Clanricarde paic a just compliment to the con- ductofanotherMahomedan,Abd-eJ-Kader. Hedis- aented from the plans of the Government, and coua-. s e l e d f a r m o r e v i g o r o u s p r o c e e d i n g s w t h i h e e f f e t e Gk> v - ernment of Turkey.Lord Granville said we ought not, because onr feel- ings were routed by indignation at what h*d occurred, rashly and entirely to change our po icy in the £ vt, wbicn had materially contrionted to the peace of Ea- rope and the balance of power m the world.After a few words from Lord Stratford de Redcliffe in. reply, the subject was dropped.PE. CHEEVEE IN LONDON.On the 1st inst, that being the anniversary of the West-India Emancipation, a public meeting was held in London.J The Rev. T. E. Tnoresoy, the minister of Spafieloft Chapel, presided, and, after stating the order of business, said he had peculiar pleasure iuintroducing to ihe meeting the Rev. Dr. George B. Cnsever of Kew-Xork, to whom a n address of weleone to En- gland had been presented in the formar part of the day by the London Emancipation Committee. He was sure that the assembly would heartily rejoice in having• D r . Cheever among them. [Cheers.]The Rev. G- Smith (one of the secretaries of the Congregational Union of England and Wales) moved i I the first reeoluti n, welcoming Dr. Cheever to.this country, and assuring him. of its entire aud hearty con- enrrence in the uncompromising principles upon whica. he has conducted hie protracted controversy with the defenders and apoiogiets of Slavery in Church and State. The resolution. was seconded by the Rev. J. Stooghton. and supported by the Rev. Dr. Campbell. Then Dr. Cheever ascended the pulpit, aud proceededto deliver a ve y lengthened and able address.Be said he was so unaccustomed iu the great conflict against the iniquity of Slavery to the language of sym-mute proposed to the captain to ask them to allow himto come on dock and inquire the caaee of **uch extraor-dinary conduct, but he, fearing they would at oncekill the mate, was unwilling to consent to this. Themate ssid be knew he had not done them any harm, andwas not afraid of them. He thex. asked them if theywould bHow htm to come np, to which they consentedonbisshowingthathehadnoweaponabouthim. Heconvinced thtm, and came on deck; but as soon as hew a s t h e r e , t h e y s e i z e d b u n b y t h e h a n d s , a n d o n e s t o o dover him with the iron bolt, telling him i t the sametime that if he made the leatt resistance they wouldsmash his htad, but, as they said he had never in-jured them, they would not otherwise injurehim. They then tied the mate to the rigging, andOemsndrd the money from the Captain.' He said hebad very little on board. They said he had the moneyfir his freight on board. Tne Captain said he had notmore than £ 8 10s on board. They said that wouidnot do; it was not enough 10pay their expenses. Tuemate, who was within hearing, and a witness of all,culled out: f The Captain put the freight money in toe thousand men, principally Sicilians, backed or headed b»nkJae day before the vessel left tha port.' They by a few hundred Piedmontese. The former were then decoanaed the Captain's gold watch and the £8 most efficient shooters, whilst tne really hardwork was 10s., which were then thrown a p b y t h e Captain.fseneral answer that the boats could not return. At left two months ago dead aod silent, are thronged and aat, seeing no other means, Garibaldi sent off CoL noisy. Tbe stll nights formerly only interrupted by Cenci, one of his Aide-de-Camps, with the order to ar- the heavytrampof the patrols or by a random shot at rest the captain and bring in the veseel, which was a window which showed a light, are now resounding done. The captain's excuse was that' his machinery with tbe hum of a rejoicing people, and brightened by being out of order, he did not think it advisable to re- an nlumination. It is all life wt ere I left death. mainwherehewouldbeexposedtobeingshotat.Thisj Iigion and law, there arose the necessity and obligationcould not grapple with them, and tne Embassadors that the Neapolitans will .do nothing for themselves. the horse of «he Neapolitan Captain, brought it on its thing was cunningly conuoaled under a lot of hay andand every one who did not so act was a voluntary party to the guilt. That was the radicalism of himself mad church? and they believed tnat no iniquity could stand before a people acting under such convictions.of the Conference reassembling; but others say that after an exchange of communications between the vari- ous Governments, another meeting will take place.cupation at present, therefore, is in talking largely, andcreating panics, and exaggerating and distorting facts,.BO as to mteifere seriously with the course oi thingsand hamper the ministers, who are, I believe, desirous combat, Captain Missori shot down the sergeant who the pretense was that only those guns had been spiked GREA T NORTHERN DIVIDEND.—!* is rumored that ofcan-yhgouttheprinipleftof'thttContttitution. Most came to assist his officer. This-'one dispatched, he which could bear on the shipping, and which might be the half year's dividend will be £2 5e. We have re-the slave-trade, ami especially for the removal of all disabi ities to which any people of color are subjected in any part of the British dominions. Aftjr dwelling upon tbe general subject of slavery in the United States, the speaker illustrated the prejudice of color that per- vadeseventheCihrhuianchurchbytherelationofseve-the Conference:" The in ervention will last only as long asthe Porteconsolidation of the new institutions, if possible. THE ARMISTICE AT MESSINA.From The Opinion Nationale.mate all. A few well-aimed shots from the frigate, the first shots of the advancing column from the left, together with a bavonet attack in front, broke this last resistance, and induced them to seek refuge in the cas- tle, leavkg two guns behind, which, with the three alreadytaken,madefiveinall.Without even attempting to defend the town, theyhurriedthroughtowardthecastle,wheretheycouldofallthemilitaryopera'ions,andinordertodetermine who,whileinEngland,wasamemberofBaptist aretobemaintainedatthechargeoftherespectivetheKingofNaplesandKiugVictorEmanuel. This3Soel'a church, and was supported by the Earl of TpQW6X8*explanation is not even plausible; for the negotiations not very well be followed It was evening when thisrived last evening.LIVERPOOL COTTON MAKKKT, Aug. 0:—Cotton sale*Shaftesbury. When she returned to America she was " A separate article stipulates that the French troopswBritishColumbia. Theresolutionwaeadopted,...claimsastotheoccupationofBulgaria.badmorethanone-thirdoiburown. 'Fortunately,.Inthettfternovn,abouthalf-past2,Garibaldi,*H»>\. >PIRACY IN THE ENGLISH CHANNEL.NEW YORKDAILY TRIBUNE, THURSDAY, AUGUST 16, T" two armies will more or lees fraternize, and we shall be j slight wounds, principally in the extremities, prevail* pised of tbe entry of Medici, arrived in person. VttMng an account of the atrocWss and their origtu.R e preceded to mention what those cane** were, andloobstrveon the difficulty of t*kiiig a dispi»ioa*t«view of the subject, owmg to the **np**r excited by t piracy on the schooner Plown of Bsdford, a* brief I :;C0 • NAPLES .ANI):SICnn^:^. the sufferings of the Cbrwtiaa*. TBedlffVrent Earo- HCCnut of which has appeared in oureo umu% ugtveupean Powers had acted in eotujonockon oa this mater, 11 The Western Morning News of Wednesday:Tbe text of theconventionfeignedat Messina betweenGin. CJary anu Col Mejici, is p^ousuea in the Pari* Neopolitanswi'l continue to occaoy Agosta, Syracuse,The iAmdcm Star. " ITALY.surprised if ultimately besiegers and besieged <*oTlno number of dead is disproportiona'ely smalt, which find no words to describe the ovations wbioh are gtv^« is rather surprising, considering the call oer of the No*«' to Garibaldi. Imagire a long-expected Messiah greeted politan rifle, which is larger than any other I have by the people be has delivered, the heart of the whets seen. Onb those who cou'd not be tracsported were p/ople toured out before the man of the people, wb»iiit into the hospitals of Melazzo; all the rest were fetls and lives with xbe life of tbe masses. Tory see«1 *.k«n to Barcellona and the villages in the neighbor- st his aspe-t to feel mstlnctively a being who thorough- hood. All the churches have been converted into hos- ly <x>mpehend* them, who loves them even with «M pitals; beside this all the inia have been taken up, aud their weakxees and all their faults, and who has •ae- several of tbe Urge private houses. As for the care of i.ificed bis life to tbeir redemption. *tbe doctors of tbe local hospital, tcey do their best to Tbe very day ofthe entrancenegotiationsbegan iThe following narrative of tne extraordinary attempt••••>;' • ^~—'r having been told, that he had it on board, shipped hemtelves with a view of obtaining it; and on Tours ay evening, the 19th of July, they seizei, as theyNeapolitans would guard the citadel of Medina, and would not bombaid tne city unless Garibaldi a tacked tbe citadtL The outer forts were occupied by Col. Medici. Garibaldi, on entering Me ssina, was received with great enthusiasm. It is now asserted that thethat tbe Genoese Company of Carabihiers had beenentirely destroyed, with the exception of seven men; amst; but I must eay the populatian ishere far below the evacuation of all the points, except of tbe forts o*Ca .tain resumed his walk up and do wn the deck. Piesentlj, s ftly aud suddenly, the would-be pirate s ra>>g on the Captain and knocked him down. Mr.Balsdan, hewever, recovered his feet, seeing which both men rushed toward him to ioihot another r>low, but he succeeded iu jumping down iuto the cabin, and at once caught up a pistol which h« bau loaded the evening before, ia conse- quence of these men endeavoring to get up a •* ro*,' when they were not able to succeed. They now battened down the captain ia his cabin; asd as the n ate was in his berth they thus confined both the captainaidthemate. Tbeyalsobatteneddownthe forecastle to prevent the other men interfering against item. Tbe captain awoke the mate, but they could not get oat of the cabin. The men commenced a parley, threatening to take the yetsel to the coascLate di>patches state tl>at Garibaldi was preparing "who have bravely done what they consider to be to give their mattrseses and beds to those who the limits of our position toward the Castle, the ope*Tcey then took the boat and sails, and some other thiiigs, including the crowbar, which they had used as a wtaLon, and a maLet, got into tbe boat, and sailed off. The Captain soon afterward broke open the cabiu, came on oeck, and released the mate. The boat by thiscone by the latter, who fought like lions, running upon the cannon, and setting all danger at defiance. The Neapolitans too, fought well, especially the Chasseurs- a-t heval. Comparatively few shots were fired, as the action was conaucted principally with the bayonet. My informant, who was a Neapolitan, added that theNo active measures had been taken against the rebels in New-Zealardto transport tioops to the mainland. \ •' The NeaDoJitan Government was occupied with con-vocations of Parliament.GARIBALDIS ENTRY INTO MESSINA.Correspondence of The London News. . 'g£ NAPLES, July 28. There were some inacouraciesTft my last letter re- garding the evacuation of Melazzo by the Neapolitan" their duty,'and do not inflict upon them this humilia- were suffering for them. Here there is no initiative; space before this last, called Plana di Terrauova. to beUlll ItHU. •pi —pteining of bei g cold, the Captain offered to take his military executions ordered by him at Melazzo were Garibaldi ultimately allowed Bosco to retire fromplace while he went for his coat. He went for his coat Melazzo with the honors of war; Colonel Auzaniin when only 6,000 beds,could be provided by the exer- h nds off the victors. Tbey are to leave the posttfoaoCHccorcingly, and concealed an iron bolt a*x>at his par- only six, and that the men were shot as assassins, not ducedhim to. yield upon this point; saying to him: tions of the army; not a house was without some San Girolamo, on the southern outskirts of the town, <H n. He resumed his position at the wheel, and tho as combatants. . u General, remember that these soldiers are Italians wounded men or officers; the people slept on the ground these latter to be occupied by our outposts, and to fen*were so marked and important that the Conference it88, however, Garibaldi lands, or material assistance Captain Missori, of the Guides, who was likewise on of the guns they, bad to leave behind, beeide which comes to them from some other quarter, I feel assured foot, butarmed with a revolver. His first shot woanding she laid a train to blow up the powder magazine; theof incessantprotest, disobedience, and moral resu»tince, were compt-lied to adjourn and refer matters to their They have from necessity long fallen into a habit of in- haunches; Garibaldi seized hold of the bridle intending straw, out of which the fusees peeped: All around looseWhile Garibaldi was thuB engaged in this single-handed accident, and carelessness getting all the credit, while o f t h e p o p u l a t i o n d o j u s i c e t o t h e g o o d i n t e n t i o n s , a t s e i z e d h o l d o f t b e p r i v a t e w h o e e h i » r s e h a d o e e n s h o t , u s e d t o m o l e s i t h e d e p a r t u r e o f t h e f r i g a t e s w i t h t h eDuke's Guards, stood firm, and,,when the word came, I Bfta forth, t.bat as the cooperation of the Great Powers inherent force, but from the intrigues of the Reaction- out having tasted food that morning, the Cacciatori Messina. It is what Calatafimi was for Palermo. It It is stated in a letter from Trieste tbat the steamerlaunched ibemselve* like a thunderbolt against the takes place by the desire of the Sultan, and in concert ists, and the suspicions and panics of the Liberals. advanced step by step, and drove the enemy back to- establishes once more the superiority of tha Cacciatori Elizabeth, which was destined for Syria, has been or-enemy. Ihepeopleofthiscouutryhadnoideaofihe withtheSublimePorte,theforeigntroopsshallactat Their effortstodogocdarealmostparalyzed. Or- wardtheneckofthepeninsula,whereattheintersec- agaihs;alloddsofpositionandcannon. Ifthedispro- deredtoproceedtoNaples,toremainthereatthedis-J u s t in proportion to the strength of the strongholds ofthe sin was the obligation of attacking them, if theywere sibnt the fire of the Gospel would be put out, j A Pa;is telegram of the 2d says: .a n d t h e n , l i k e a d i s a b l e d s t e a m s h i p i n w h i c h t h e w a . e r { " I n a d d i t i o n t o t h e p l a n o f a c o n v e n t i o n i n s i x a r t i -had risen so high as to put out tne fires in the furnaces j cles, which the Conference drew up, the members of least, of the leading members of the Ministry; BOmuch and, when he resisted, shot him also with another bar- troops. The second excuse was just as untrue as thec e i v e d n o o f f i c i a l a n n o u n c e m e n t o f i t .Nearly all the Paris papers devote a considerableand destroy all possibinty of salvation by working j so, that on last Tuesday, which was sacred to St. Liboreither the aiip or the pump, tbey must go down, the Conference have, at the request of the Tarkiah rio, there was an iUunnnation, not in honor of the saint,-rCheers,j There wasnosafetyforthembutinGod's Embassador,drawn up a protocol,whichatthismo- butoiLiborioRomano,theMinisteroftheInterior.Word. They coold go into figut with no other weap- ] ment is being submitted to the approval of the Great I have npoken highly of the intentions and honesty ofons, and there was no hope uutil tne rauk and hie of ; Powers. The protocol is for the purpose of precisely the Ministers, but at the same time I cannot bnt ac- with the center. But the hardest part of the fight was they repreeent only a small portion of the real results Monde, however, has a few lin*s of observation. God's militia in the Church closed up, and, tike the ! defining the object of the intervention in Syria, and knowledge that they are weak, not from any want of still in store. In spite of the heat of the day, and with- of this victory, which will probably open the gates ofdebauching, devastating, uncontrollable sway of Slav- ders are given and are-not executed, or arag their tion of the road from, right and left he had chosen his portion in numbers was not as great as at Calatofimi, ery in the Spates. The firrea't work in America now all times in unison with the Turkish forces. Tne proto- weary length along. Men high in office oppose the real point of resistance. The ground had been care- the advantage of tho Neapolitans in point of positioncol stipulates that, as the Great Powers, in giving theirpromising application of the Word of God. There are vention." to Nunziacte, he has sent in his resignation. In order to dislodge the enemy, the company of any circumstances ? ,two phages that have done good service, from two It is stated in a Paris letter to The London Daily Since writing the above I have oeen moving about Genoese Riflemen was sent into the thicket on the left Indeed, already yesterday the telegraph along the are the result of a widely-spread conspiracy • of th* great masters in your country—tne one of fervid aud Fetes that, the alleged cause of the breaking up of the and making observations, and am disposed to think to turn the enemy's position on. that side. The canes Messina shore reported a great movement of steamers local Beys and Pashas. In several cases Turkish practical piety, tne other of philosophy, law, and prac- that the tranquilli y which reigns and continues here were so close that it was only with difficulty tbat man between Messina aud Reggio, and the embarkation of officers and troops directly aided ia the massacres. It tical stateemanthip—-phases that have cat as with the Conference is an unexplained split between Prance aud indicates increasir,g confidence. Many are accepting by man could pass, while all those around seemed to all tbe cavalry and part of the artillery. It is high is believed before Fuad Pasha arrives, half of Damas- sweep of a two edged swerd; the one phdse from Joha Russia. Russia, it is announced, claimed the execution office, and tbe prnning-knife ia being applied to the in- swaim with riflemen. There, with wild rage, the time, for Garibaldi 13not the man to lose time, and heWesley as to the practical diabolism of the system of of certain promises which the Emperor had made some tendente-of the provinces with greater vigor than ever. Genoese sought to get a sight of the enemy who was may not be always so generously disposed as to let off cus .will be in ashes.was to rouse the Church and ministry, armed with tnethunders aod the lightnings of God's word, again* t theiniquity—complicated as it WMS in so many shapes andforms that it was scarcely possible even to indicatethem within any reasonable length of time that cept after a common inquiry, in which the Porte will about Naples, and it is a wonder to me tbat Pilangien, lasted for several hours, costing ma.y a brave fellow, manded by the man who enjoys, deservedly or unde-might be alloted to him . [Cheers j In this jrantly assist. -The above protocol necessitates an ex- the great arch traitor, who had the means of saving the among them Major Migliavacca. Gen. Cosenz was servedly, .the highest reputadon among Neapolitan peror of Austria,conflict (continued Dr. Cheever) tne churches change of communications between the Great Powers, King aid the country during a whole year, and only wounded in the neck by a grape shot, and Medici had leaders. . And all this was overthrown by one day's The Impartial of Smyrna publishes a letter from of Great Britain must assist as in the uncom- and causes a delay in the definiti re signing of the con- enriched himself, has never been even, mentioned. As his horse killed under him. fight. What chance was there of holding out under Damascus, from which it appears that the massacre*aesisance to the Sultan, do not seek vengeance, but merely wish to discover the gudty parties who are to be punished, no rigorous meaaurce-shall be taken ex-Constitution, and are simply removed; soldiers rush throngh the streets and cut down peaceable citizens, and we hesr nothing more of bringing thf m to justice. The Camarilla were to be removed, but they still haugfully prepared beforehand, the positions for the guns chosen, t;ie garden 'walls loopboled, and a barricade constructed to defend the approach. This poiut be- came the scene of a hard hand-to-hand fight,, whichhas conferred the order of the Golden Fleece on the Prince of Hohcnzollern. The Count do Paris and th* Duke of Chartres have had an interview with the Em-the sum of all villainies;" and theSlavery that it is ' tr«*i*n»*» «f*<kll cilljtinift«-" »nrf T.hft time since, in pursuance of which the entire Eastern There is, too, a growing opinion that the real interests around them, and man after man fell among the small the Nt apolitans lor the third time. The forts at Mes- The dividend of the London Discount Company isether from Lord Brougham,' reproaating "the wild and guilty phantasy tuat man can hoxu property ia man, , {Cheers.] Is it not wonderful taat at tois day, under the light of Christianity, I860 years after the- death of Christ a crime executed by the. Divine law under the penalty of death, along with that of murder, should have been rescued from that criminal fellowship and revived under the Gospel, into Chrisdau commuu- ion. as if it were a virtue! Was there ever a more malignant and extraordinary hallucination? The church in which it continues remains in tne favor ofof the Liberal party lie in consolidating the new insti- band without being able once to use his formidable sina cannot contain more than 5,000 or 6.000 men, and to be suspended, owing to the losses sustained through question should bo raised on the. first opportunity, and, tutions lather than in producing anarchy with a view weapon. A general cry arose to charge; the Captain there are 15,000, if not more, there, without countingin fact, insisted that the moment had arrived for the to a problematical change. On the Bourse confidence tried to stop it, but in vain. By an effort the company those who evacuated Melazzo. the failure in tbe leather trade.partition of Turkey. Russia was ready to send 100,000 - is decidedly on the it crease. broke through the canes, and found itself before a loop- Already yesterday the advanced guard of Medici's A failure at Nottingham in the lace t -ado is reported,The following intelligence, however, on which you holed wall, where it was received by a general volley. corps advanced as far as Spadafora; this morning the with liabilities to £S0,000.men to make a short end of the business, but had no may depend, will be likely to produce a great move- Nothing daunted, they hastened along the wall to find advanced guard was pushed on as far as Gesso, and ^ The Channel fleet has arrived at Holyhead, where it notion of a restricted intervention in Syria. It did not, ment. Garibaldi has entered Messina, and a genoral a gap, which was at some distance. At last there Medici himself left to replace his vanguard at Spadafora.however, euit the Emperor's purpose to come into this fraternization has taken phtce. It is to be observed seemed a chance to get at ihe enen>y, but as usual, he To-moirow the attempt will be made to crown the is likely to remain some days.h o p e , a n d c h a r i t y . ( L o u d a p p l a u s e j . A n d t h o s e w h o d o u i n s h a d r e t i r e d i n t o t h e i n t e r i o r , b u t t h e C h r i s t i a n s nndertaJke to thrust tne torch of Gods flaming law were still concealing themselves.witl in the skeleton, and to drag it forth beneath the eondemnation of the Gospel, are themselves assaulted and pronounced as being greater sinners and infidels than those who, in the \KTJ church of God, practice and make profit of the iniquity. (Cheers). I saywanted. " MESSINA, July 29.H e r e I a m r e t u r n e d t o w h e r e I s t a r t e d f r o m j u s t t w o Emanuel, now swear by and follow Garibaldi. With- is an open space of a few hundred yards, with the sea monthsago. What eventftd two months, Dot only for out assuming any great merit as a prophet, the upf-hot to the right and fome gardens to the left. Beyond the Sicily, but for the whole of Italy! When I went offbee>». arranged iu common shall be at once carried into execution. Tue Moniteur also contains the following:" CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 2,1860." The Governor-General of Damascus haa been de-t is an unparalleled madness. (CheeraJ> The rev.doctor concluded by a statement of the ineffectual at- lowing notice was posted up at the Bourse:tempts which had been made to remove him from his '* All the Powers have agreed upon the condition ofneighbors, I believe from tiie beginning Without this up on the beach, and helped by their field artillery as impulse from without I am of opinion that things well as by that from the casle, they checked our ad-schemejust now.that he entered with a flag, from which the arms of did not wait for the bayonet, ana a few well-sdmed bights above Messina. Should the Neapolitans with- the House of Savoy*were removed, and on the suppo- shots were the only satisfaction which the Genoise had draw, and evacuate the town, we are to occupy theAdvices from Beyrout to July 16 state that the ma-P ARIS,The Moniteur of to-day says the representatives ofsition that the letter of Victor Emanuel has been pre- beside that.of contributing to make the enemy evacuate God ? (Hear, hear]. A crime gibbeted by the law of jority of the Mussulmans had not taken part in the mas- sented. Garibaldi placed himself at the head of the rev- the position on the cross roads. Out of the company of God is taken by Christian surgeons from the gallows, sacres at Damascus. olution, and a landing may be expected shortly on the 80, 32 remained. Beside this movement on the left, it isexhumedbygospelresurrectionists,galvanisedino continent. Herefusesthetruce,andtheNeapolitans wasthecomingupoftherightwingwhichdecidedthe a hideoos life, and set among the living guests at the News from Damascus to the 17th of July announces preserve the citadel. The Neapolitan troops who were fate of the day. This position once lost, the advance, sa. raine&tai least as a suitable companion with faith, that the maeeacres hid ended. The Koords and Be- in the neighborhood are embarking rapidly on their, although still oppoeed, was comparatively easy. Passingtown, otherwise the Neapolitans will be attacked, anddriven away by the combined efforts of the colamu ar-riving from the west and the one advancing on tho: great Powers assembled yesterday, in order to signFuad Pasha arrived at Beyrout on the. 17th inst.shall deem it advisable." A previous agreement is necessary for the regulationThe question was decided the next day, or rather the followingnight,andwhennextmorningMedici'svan- guard showed on three points, not only toe position, but thetownlikewise,wasfoundabandonedbythetroops, who had withdrawn to the forts. Before withdraw- ing, the Bank funds were consigned to the Committe>tbe author of this memorial, which appears to have » prospectofmeetingwithagreat majorUyiaItsfavor.LIVERPOOL, Aug. 5., Tho R. M. steamship Arabia, from New-York, ar-LlVKRPOOL BlU-ADSTUKKS MAUKCT.-~Breadstuf& qulot but »toady.The Patrie pretends that the armistice has been con- cludedwiththeviewofwaitingfor the resultofthe ral facts. One had reference to a young lady of color, the effective strength of tbe expeditionary forces, who negotiations pending at Turin between the envoys ofof European troops in Syria shall be limited to sixmonths. This proposition, being verbally supported bymen to conquer a citadel which must necessarily fallinto his power when ho Hhall be master of Naples, where, according to till the correspondence, his influence isLONDON MONEY MARKET, Aug. 4, p. m.-~Cousofctfrom her seat in the church. Mr. Day also meutioued England, had been accepted, and 12,000 men, half of daily increasing; Rnd he is in reality more king than manyofthesocialdisabilitiesthat prevailedinCaua- FrancisII. Oneoftheconditionsofthe conventionda aiainst the people of color, and alluded to a rumor them French, were to be dispatched to Syria. Tne cannot bnt hasten the inevitable issue of the crusade un-thathehad heard of a negro pew having been tolerated foice will be under orders of the Commissioners of thobytheColonialMissionarySocietyinoneofthecuapcls PowersandthePorte. Russiahadrecededfromher Thesoldiersofihetwocampsaret*>circulatefreelyatcloft,d «t MZYawl for nioiny and account.HAVKK MARKETS (tor the w<jek ending Aug, 1).—r e t u r n . T h e ** C o m i t a t i " g e n e r a ' l y , s e t t i n g a s i d e V i c t o r t h e . b r i d g e w h i c h l e a d s t o t h e n e c k o f t h e p e n i n s u l a , t h e r eof it all will be that revolution will be permitted to open ep&ce is a row of bouses, which continues Sir Henry Bulwer has advised the Saltan to recall march forward until it arrives here, and then the to the very gates of the town. Hers the Neapolitansthe Grand Vizier. French will step in and arrest it and play their game, made a last effort to hold out; occupying the houses, LATEST.—A Paris dispatch, of the 3d, says the fol- whatever that may be. Such has been the aim of our concealing themselves behind some large boats drawnthe eyes of the world Were eagerly watching the first prived of office, and sent away from Syria, in order tosteps of the bold few who came to rescue Sicily from be tried by the proper tribunal The Governor-General Naples and from herself^aad now the work begunthen is almost finished. of&eyrout has been arrested."As would be foreseen, the battle of Melazzo opened ^The Constitutionncl asserts that orders for the de- the gateB of Messina. I wrote to you in my last that parture have been dispatched to tho troops.would have gradually settled down into tranquility vance for a time. A column sent through the garden .church by taking its control out of the hands of its a European in'erveotion in Syria. The Conference and confidence; as it is, I think a disembarkation of to the left, and the arrival of the steam-frigate Tackori,on the morning of the 27th Medici was to crown thebights overlooking Messina Two days before—thatis, on the day on which the evacuation of Melazzo tookplace—the Neapolitan poBt at Gesso was withdrawn,and the Sicilian volunteers under Fabrizi wonLimmedi-ately to occupy that important position. The*Neapoli-tana, however, Btill held until, tne next day the top ofthe night where the ro id passes the crest of the moun-tain. This made it uncertain whether they would form on a federal basis. Count Szechsen is said to b* evacuate the town or try to hold the highta.members, and resumed his seat amid load applause. will assemble at 3 o'clock, to sign the Convention in Mr. W. H. Day, a colored gentleman from Canada, reference to the measures to be taken in common."moved a resolution to the effect that this meeting would Another ditpatch gives the following summary ofemploy all its energies for the removal of slavery aud the contents of the Convention as agreed upon at Piedmont, and England, in order to give time for the a boat, and went oh board, where his presence ani-AUSTRIA.VIENNA, Saturday. The Ost Deutsche Post of to-day says: On Monday the first sitting of the Grand Committee of the Council of the Empire will take place. T h e Hungarian member* of the l'eispach will present a memorial demanding re-Garibaldi and hie forces may be expected as certain, formerly the Vehice, toward, the west shore, soon ai>d of course there will be other combinations. A changed their resolution. Garibaldi, who' saw her ap-tiuce for tix months had received the support of Prance, proaching, hurried off to the beach, threw himself intoalluded to are already terminated, and it resets from took place, the fight having lasted more than fourteentidmitted to a Baptist Church at Rhode Island, aud re- already on the point of embarkation shall start without all the latestjiows tbat they have led to nothing. The hours in the heat of the day. The town was found oi the placd, and the evaouation took place in the mo*',ceived the sacrament in toe morning, but was told in waiting for the contingents of the ether Powers, unless <?eaire.to prevent bloodshed, and the certainty of a almobt deterted, all tho houses abut, andtheinbabitauts regular way.J. •ap-fctairs. A British officer s widow and daagater tionfrom Syria which would render all intervention fcon for the. military convention entered into by. the two castle. The population of Melazzo is one of tho wor it tors on tbe other eido, was tho signal of^ mctamor- poV. 'Iho market clone*firm.bearing of this treatment, took the young lady into unncessary." generals. Since Garibaldi can go to Naples wheneverin national spine and patriofsm; living entirely ou the ph' eis in the town of Meesina which can duly be desig-their pew the next Sunday; upon which the trustees of the chapel wrote to the English lady, and informed her that if this conduct was repeated, she must forfeit her seat. To her honor, she persisted, and was excludedgar ison and on the employees, their interests are nat- urally engaged on tbat side, and even now, when all danger is past, very few have returned; not a shop is open, aid almost everything has to be brought from Barcellona and other £l*ces in the neighbqrhood.Fromthekindoflighting,youmayjudgeofourloss-es. Tbe whole force, which was about 5,000 men, has ihe. eyv.ot hundred* of guns, deserted by the greater hi the interior t&tisfaotory on the who!*, *ltliou*h buyer* vet re-It is stated that Prussia had demaoded that the stay he likes, there wao no reason why he shoald sacrificenated by tbd name of resurrection. AH that had beencompressed for thelaet four months came out with alltbe viol*nee of which these southern natures are capa-ble. Fancy, while all Sioily has been rejoicing, tilk-iug,.moving, breathingireely, this poor town has been CorvoN-Sido* 01 the week 6.000 balos; New-Orl<»u», it— Or- uj.dtrtheh\.npressureofastronggarrison,andunder dinatrr,92f.{do.Bu,82f.;rtockinport829,000bdieft. Tr*4»dertaken by tbe Dictator againstthe Neapolitan dynasty. Messina,SyracuseandAgbeta. Itismanifestthatthe750 dead and wounded. I t is impossible ro estimate tbelt.ssoftbeNeapolitan*,butitishotlikelythatthay life,andtremblingforITSexistence.Untitled Documenttion !" While granting Auzani's request, however. no one thinks of doinor anything apontaneeuslyt Nota kind of neutral ground, with a hoeof demarcation far Neapolitan eentrits; Neapolitan officers and soldier1 to have tree ingress and egrets in and from the town, and to be allowed to purchase provisions; the Castle not te fire unless attacked. f . -As soon as the convention was signed between Medici and Gen. Clary, the port which had been closed to all shipping, and cleared for a possible bombardmea^ was opened again, aid during the day the French, English, and. Sardinian men-of-war returned to their anchorage.The whole transition from militarypressure to freedom has taken place without the slightest disturb- ance, which is so much the mote exaraordhxary as most of the convicts had been let out at Messina, jm everywhere else in the island. People, reaasarei about the future, are returning; the streets, which £Garibaldi insisted tbat the Neapolitan cavalry should give up their horses and equipments. Gen. Bosco, who had two magnificent horses, which were given to him by the Kiiig of Naples, was forced to sendthem to Gar- ibaldi, but he took care to joison them beforehand.THE BATTLE OF MELAZZO.one came to offer bis house, and tbe wounded have to lie en straw, with scarcely any cover.Correspondence of The London Times.ings, ai d singled out the most convenient places where troops, but I copied my report from aBolletino, pridted '. .; MELAZZO, July 24, I860. she could be quite protected from the guns of the cita-andpublish*dinMessina APiedmontesesteamerar- Atdawnthecolumnsstarted,andby6am.thefirst rived yesterday from Melazzo, and from the officers on firirg was heard on the left. The open beach gave theboard I derived the following intelligence: The capit- advantage to the Neapolitans of employing their artil-del. ThiswasBOmuchthemoreadvisableasherma- chinery had become deranged, and would hot work well. She came in,Jbut instead of taking up the posi- tion assigned to her went out again, ia spite of the posi- tive orders which she bad received. In vain were signals made and boats sent off; they brought only thetheir biscuit it was decomposed. The engagements, he vadded, of the 20th and 21st, were very nercey and well sustained on both sides. The Royalists had about 4.0tj0 men, and the Garibaldini about twelve or thirteen.expedition, eager to*regain the lost time and rival thetime had got out ofreach. The boat h ;s since been found, lots in killed aiid wounded on their side was about 160, forces, as well as the necessity to encounter some flank- to bring down fresh reinforcements and some of the ward.iit of Devonshire. They were Americans, fromwithout being seen, reduced very early the number of the reserve.On the 22d the steamer Aberdeen sailed in boldly, in spite of a shower of ill-aimed shot, which flew aboutew- Orleans, and one of them had lost two lingers SCotton goods ratherTHE LATEST.from one of has hands."AN EWGLISH STEAMER FOR GARIBALDI. —- The splendid steam yacht London—one of the four clipper » eamr J b (the London, the Paris, the Newhaven, and tne Dieppe) built tome seven or eight years ago for theCanton Tea market dull. Although the whole movement was under the orders her, but none of which injured ner. She brought lower. Exchanges unaltered.,Loi/don and Brighton Railway Company, and after- ing and retiring. On the morning my informant left waid purchased by Lord Ward [nowJEarl Dudley) and Melazzo, which was last Wednesday, eleven of thestacles, when the news arrived that the left, unable to reB?st the superior forces of the.enemy, was giving way, and thus exposing the whole lino to be turned on that side:! Taking tne only reserve remaining, a battalion composed of North Italians and Palermitans, under the command of Lieut. Col. Dunne and several other English offi^rSjhe went to the lef»to stem the advance of thA Neapolitans. His presence and the exertions of tbeofficersofthebattalionsucceededinsteadyingthese young troops, who not only resisted farther attacks,LoNDOrl A u g . &.The steamer Magdalena, from Brazil, passed H u t PAUIS, Saturday.The Patrie of tbie evening says the regiment* in- ». tended',for Syria left Chalons this morning. Fourfcteamers left Toulon yesterday, to embark troops. Newsreceivedherestatesthatgreatagitationpre-vails in Candia, Jiddah and Arabia.MILAN, Aug. 4. " The Persevercnza announces that the Sardinia* Government had ordered the levy of the clauses 1838fitud out for the Crimea in the late war—has lately couutry people had been shot by order of Garibaldi forfound a new owner. She has been purchased of therobbery. Bosco arrived here on Thursday with the 9th battalion of the Chasseurs, many of whom were wouiided: and yesterday morning about 2,000 men ar-son of Melazzo to capitulate. 4* > ;": This morning, finally, four Neapolitan frigates%hove in sight, and Colonel Anzano, of the Etat Major, came on shore with full powers '.to treat. Trusting t& the presenceofthefourfrigates,,heatfirstassumeda rather high tone, hoping to get for the garrison thesame favorable terms as those accorded to that of Palermo, but he soon found out with whom he had to do. Garibaldi had made his terms, and he told the negotiator tbat the whole fleet cf Naples woold not makehimswerve. Whathehadofferedtothegarri- eion before the arrival of the naval squadron he would give to it now—neither more nor less; so .that Colonel Anzano, seeing that he was determined, give in, andSuam Navigation Company for £ 8 000. by the agentsof.Garibaloi, and, having undergone the necessaryfittii g, is to be employed in the Mediteraneau as adispatch boat. Ou Jbriday night, the 27th ult., she rived in four French commercial steamers, which hadpathyandkindness,encouragementaudapplause,ta*t steamedoutofNewhavenharborinsplendidstyle, leftonWednesday,havingbeen48hoursonroute.he hardly knew how to acknowledge the great and de- with the Garibaldiau ensign flying at the peak, Oer Barcellona, about six miles from Melazzo, had beenlightfni neajtineea of his reception. To tue friends of destination being Genoa Just outside she passed the abandoned by the Garibaldini with the exception of but pushed forward towara the guns with which thethe enslaved the privilege was given of suffe.-iug for Ljons frteanier entering the harbor, and exchanged the sitk; Melazzo is of course now in.their possession, Christ s sake, and up to the very eve of the aboutiou of salu es by dipping her ensign three times, promptly aiid so is a point called Gesso, about ten miles fromenemy was sweeping the road. One advance bolderthan the rest brought them to the guns; an Englishsailor, lately enlisted at Pat.fi, was the first across the wallbehindwhichoneofthegunswasposted,andthenext moment the gun was carried off in triumph. Justat the moment when it was disappearing behind thecurve in the road, the cry arose of " Cavalry !—Caval-ry ! ". and excited confusion. Vain were the attempts accepted the condidonB laid down by Gan »aldr.Slavery that would perhaps oe tbe reeuit of earnest acknowledged Dy the Lyons, whose crew ana pasaen- andpereiMtentlaborinthecause. Hehadcomefrom gersgavethreeheartycheersTheLondonhasbeenre-the midst' of opposition and slander, and the wrathand calumny poured, npon himself and Uouroh had fol-lowed him across the Atlantic. Through reproach aidsuffering God had trained and disciplined an ab>liuoaChurch in the very heart of a city atinost wholly under <the dominion of the slave power, and kept it faithful.They had hardly began in earnest, when they were iuthe midst of a thunder-storm, so deep mat it was. the time of the Jumperor s visit to Algeria, when the consuls, that if attacked he should make every effort to easiest to plunge ihrt uirn it aud come oat on the other Queen will be in Caialouia. defend himeelf, and tbat toerefore they wou d do well aide. In each advance they had maue tney ha 1 suf- The Bourse had been flat, but closed firmer on the 3d to provide for the seeurity of their" fellow subjects. fered a great, numerical, and pecu.iary loss, bat it nad at 68 30. This was considered as an intia»ation that there would been' beaten into still more unflinching resoiutiou and The Courricr de Paris, an opposition journal, had be a bombardment, and on Mondaylast the foreign ves- firmneea in contending against the great sin, aud at been suppressed.and1839.The city is tranquil.The Bombay mail of the 7th ult., brings no news ofwhatever cost in ttoe l^ss of wealthy supporters, tbey were determined to maintain a free aud unfettered pulpit." [Hear, hear.] The life and forces of acocuttry expanded in two directions—its religion and its laws. When any evil was eusnrined -nd protected by both these authorities, its endurance.was sure tone for ages. A mere evil might be borne with patience and lelt 10 time for gradual amelioration. But when not merely a burden, Out a sin was laid upon aen's shoulders and beli there . by re-sels in harbor bad vheir steam up, vrith the idea of get-ting out of range of the guns. We shall have no posi-line to recapture the gttn. Garibaldi had only time to taken Media's bay horse, a rather indifferent animal, step aside, when tie horsemen passed sabring right and and now he was obliged to leave behind hj^a own gray, left. But they did not go far, for, after the first panic, a far better horse. The wounded were brought down the infantry recovered, and soon emptied the greater through the town to the beach, where they were em- part of their saddles. The captain, a sergeant and a barked. This gave an opportunity to all those whochrisiened, and is now called the General Garibaldi.FRANCE.A report prevailed on Wednesday that the bombard- ment of the city had begun, but that it had been sus- Senr'ed half .an hour after by telegraphic order fromNAFLKS, Aug. 8.Taples. The government denies this in toto, but it is Au interview between the Emperor and the Queen very true tba« on the 22»d General Clary informed the of Spain was spoken of as likely to take place about Fiench consul, and on the fpllowiug morning other,of Garibaldi and of the officers to overcome this J UJLY 26.—Yesterday the evacuation of the citadel ofbugbear of young troops; they pressed against Melazzo began, and in tbe evening it was completed.the garden wall on one side, and, jumping a ditch One among the first embarked was CoL Bosco, who, importance. The death of Mr. Legyt, a mesaber of on the otber, tbey opened a road to about a dozen bold although escorted by several officers* had to passhorsemen 01 the Chasseurs & Cheval, who, with theic through a file-fire of hisses, which seems to be the onlycaptain at their head, rushed through this break in oar reward he gets for his pains. He boasted of havingMeeeina A Russian vessel of var that came in yester- day,bringsintelligencethatGaribaldi'smenhadalready attacked the Neapolitan outposts;more especially of Medici, Garibaldi was, of course, several of the native battalions and some guns, disem- the soul of the fight, finding himself invariably at ths barked her cargo, and left again the next day. ~.p o k t most exposed, and exposing himself, as is bis While thus, on one band, everything wis preparing wont to do. He was with the center, which was in case that the garrison would not be brought to making its way slowly over and through all the ob-The popular movement at Arpiuo, has been •op- pressed. The people shouted for Garibaldi. General Lamoriciere has despatched a column of troops to Ter- racino1.NAPLES, July 31. A military column has been sent to Calabria.LONDON, Saturday Evening. The funds to-day are dull at yesterday 'a prices, fhe other departments of the Stosk Exchange arc likewise quiet. Upon the whole, sales have rather progressed. British Railway stocks in several instances art some-what lower. Tho principal fluctuation has been heto secure the captain as his prisoner. But the captain powder was strewn so as to facilitate tbe process of London and North-western stocks.respective Governments.'. action, and a«e always looking beyond theDuselves and answered to the demand of surrender by a blow with' To-day, in the Bankruptcy Court, the hearing ofAccording to some writers there was little prospect out of the country for redemption. Their principal oc- bis sword at Garibaldi, who parried and retaliated, cut- explosion. It was discovered by chance, one of theting the Neapolitan captain with one stroke down the soldiers having remarked the loose powder, which led the case of Strath field &c Co. was fixed for Thursday face and reck, and prostrated him dead at his feet. to further researches. There wore, as usual, excuses, next.tive intell;gence before Tuesday next.Here, in Naples, we are in perfect repose; and, privatdtied to make their escape, and would have wished to desert. Above all, in the artillery there areSYRIA.mtiations at Paris for intervention in Syria. It is assert- nexation. Still the patty for the Constitution, to which his sword and placed himself in position to stop the As usual, the Neapolitans would not leave withoutjudging from facts on the surface, one inigat suppose succeeded but for Garibaldi's personal bravery. He agood many who took advantage of this tempting op-that thiiits were settling down. Talk there is enough went into the middle'of the road, and having left his portunity. Amopg the rest a sergeant's guard came Nothing certain was known as to the State of nego-* of and to spare, and great numbfrsare in favor of an- revolvers in tbe holsters when he dismounted, he drew over with arms and baggage.ed by various authorities that, the points of disunion rally many cf the old Royalists, is very powerful. Un- captain. Tbe only person with him ;<.'; the time was behaving as is their wont. They spiked eighteen outrel from bis revolver.space to extracts from the articles from the Londo*Thisbrilliantincidentservednotalittle to animate the troops on the left, and they soon came up in a lineFiftyguns,139horses,1CO,000roundsofammunition journalsontheEmperor'sletter,&c,ingeneral,with- are the material fruits of the victory of Melazzo; but out the addition of any comment of their own. TheOn the 21tt. an incident occurred which rather marred for a moment the general impression of i»yThe fiteamdriagare Tnckpri was ordered t> run dose in ehore, when her guns were to be taken out and used to reduce the citadel. Garibaldi himself took the sound-caused by the brilliant victory of the day before.terme, it was seen from the telegrams exchanged be-tween Messina and Melazzo that the garrison; founditself every moment less capable of holding out, -.-Phereturn message from Messina was that the <x>rajhander Castle at 6:25 a m. had sent to Naples to obtain permission for tjie garri-first, for eight of the spiked guns pointed toward the land side.and artillery was perhaps greater before Melazzo than at CalafafimL They had sent there the flower of the Neapolitan army in Sioily, all volunteers who had called upon to form the expedition.. They were com-posal of the Royal family.The Emperor of Austria, says a letter from Bern*,FRANCE.theeaeternseashore. Butthisisnotlikelytobe theprotocol,stipulatingthatthemeasureswMchhaveran§l':to inhabitants, ,deaa to commerce and socialfxtdu from or* rntiug before obtaining a oonoowlon In good* *<** ywrtw tqu«l to the recent decline in Cotton. . A S H * * tUu Oornm dull«,nduncbancfd Oiu«urmertAmertowWhsie 8l*«t RicafirmSUUAII«tir>;withooo4der»bl«bvuintm. WaAl*" eos* tending downward.•LATER.—The above mails reached Marseillds oa tbethe Indian Council, ia announced.ROME, July 31—via. Marseilles.LIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET.—Provisions duTLMARSEILLES, Aog. 4.Aug. 4,1860. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069J,www.fultonhistory.comf*-jr**+'f*mf/r>>^j>:m**<Mtj*w"••""•""•wMtfr^mmm 