 /•NEW-JERSBY ITEMS, The U. S. stCam frigate from 1'cnsacola is at ?rrhor in Quaran- tine.I5y 'iV.leernph.GEN. CAMERON,8^ son as Partridge was found. The Committee declared capital, subject to a vote of the electors. Compa-""-^ViirininiLLitj.8•NEW-YORK DAILY TRlBWNEjlpESI>AY, FEBRUARY 28, 1860.>»'»>'«THE NEW '/••s»>.'-*<-. ••• • 'hm •. • ' — m0BUM -FTiEW-T* 16 PUBLIfiHXD F.V]FROM WASHINGTON.movement, except so far as large personal interests may be concerned, which are mixed up with the political purpose. Throw a force into Mexico, andstockholders, and the Common Council of a city or "had never made any such statement to Danejjiad stock, or may loan the credit of the city or villageAND THE CHICAGO CONVENTION, From a Special Correspondent.SENATE....ALBANY, Feb. 27,1860. Remonstrances against removing the East Jcivern never seen or heard of such a letter, and no such"per-.to the Company to. the extent of one-half theMorementHof Oceaw Steamers. TO DBPAllT.T,caytr~ For.power, in deciding the grand result in that Conveu- tk>n.gating thoee waters would be the proper mode of routes. If Pro Rata-ed do \vn,starting from the present State, not to be tried 011 tne indictment, but to be im- SEC. 6.'.*P°r»ong offending agaimt any of the provisions of sec-p.-icee of through freight on axiy line for transporta- prisoned for debt. That he had repeatedly proposed tion 5 naay'be iiuaictel and convicted for a eonapiracy as at corn. moii law. 1MARINEJO TJRNAL.-*-i W ^ iFjorn Oar Own Corre«p«s£ent.raising funds to make the improvement; and dis- tion, the'trhurge for-way frerght would soon be so low to go to Chicago and meet the indictment on the coa- SEC. 7. All offices where tickets are sold in violation of this posed ot them, seriatim, w a manner which at- na to render it iunposajible i'or the railroads to do busi- 1 dition that he should not he thrust into prison for debt, a«t, or nny partlof it, Rhal^be doomed disorderly houses, and allTHETO BE VETO.EXT INPOUT OF NEW-YORK.. ..FEB. 27.'Closured*Steaxnuhip—De Soto, Bullock, Havana, Livingston, CrocherotttCo.Hall, Thomas James.Section 10 provides, in case of auy departurelof any venHel toany foreign port where any ticket Hhall have been sold, suchvessel shall be delayed longer than two days after the day ofaailiugmentionedonsuchticket,thepersonholdingsuch ticket shall bo entitled j to his-board and lodging • >n| Steamer—Octorara, Fowic-r, South Amboy. «och vessel, without any additional charge, and fromthe second day alter that nuuoanced lor departure,! beshallhoentitledtore;civefiftyCentsndayforeachdayofsuch detentiou, oni in case of a refusal of the owners, con-si«neen, or master of such ve6s«l to coop^y with any of tbe pro-vieioui! of this section, the porsou holding the ticket shall be .en-titled to receive hark the paasago monny paid by him, togetherwith damage for his detention, not exceeding fifty dollar".MEXICANGU1SHED—THE ST. CLAIRJOB—MEXICOtracted much and deserved commendation.Chicago and demand a trial on the indictment. He spoke in the highest terms of Mr. Fitahngh, his late partner, as a man of the most unquestioned probity".Just before the adjournment Mr. Caliicot rjee to a question of privilege, and offered the following pre- amble and resolution:pose of'violating any.part of this act, shall be K«Uty of a minde- meanor, and be punithed by impiisoumeut in a county prison, for not more thau.six nor less than three months.SBC 0. All complaintu regardbig the violation of this act, shall be presented by the District-Attorney of the district where the complaint is mad^.to the Grand Jury for indictment, in prefer- ence to all others.Sue. 9. The Judges of the Courts of S c i o n s and Oyer and Terminer, in the Counties of Erie, Albany, and N«w-YorK, are to notify the Grand Juries of the passage of thk act. .Asasricrn citizens cotamitted in Scuora andChihua-on 'the I Si o Grande for the alleged purpose of fol- lowing *r p Cortina and his band, though t t e fact isthe features of the bill,so as to surrender.the Pro-Ratatak« c^rejof tbe city'w interests without the aid of a committee from the'Common Council. , The commuuicdticn wae ordered;to be printed.lief-of m. or people at the first outbreak, a s l the be- Congress.bulkheads constructed before the establishment of the exterior line. 1Feb. 25,1860.NeW-York....Liverpool.., Texas. Create new States',, send Senators to The Committee reported against abolishing the oflice * was as baseless and groundless as a charge* cculd upon any public or private property to lay their TJnit«;d Kingdom. ....NW-York Glasgow...BJBOP.JW ASHINGTON,The feeling here, in the reflecting and considerate Washington, and hold the balance of power. Thispat.mMr. BIUGGS'Sbill to reorganize the Harbor Mas- wcssities will be of such a character as to lead to Mr. Spaulding of Buffalo, whom many old friends "ter8* Department was presented to-day.Aju*lo8*xon....* friofc. LiverpoolFob. 15 Fob. 18the selection of a candidate of a personal and po- who knew his sterling worth and ability in Con- litical type widely different from Mr. Cameron. gress years »go have welcomed back to his former Tb^s Chicago Convention will be a wise body. • I t scere of usefulness with gratification a u i pri^e,KVENINC SKSSION.The condderation of the Pro-Rata Freight bill wasNew-Y ork PortlandFeb. 2Z Feb. 25Fob. 27Feb. 20 March 3 March 4 March 7•March 21 ...April 4.resumed. • -j•' , » , ,Mr. ROBINSON, on a taction to jstriko ontthe en- will look with a careful eye over the entire field of took occasion, on Friday evening to review the acting clause, spoke at length against the bill. HoNew-York Southampton.New-York North American.....Liverpool PortlandEvery theory or proposition advanced by the PresidentWQBdemolishedso conclafiively by rea- soning, practice and-established piinciple, •that he standsinthepitiableplightofdes.roying-s,neces-sary public measore, ^merely to sa isfy • a soctional maiched to the frontier to "afford protection." clamor, without being able to justify it with an ar- Theseareverygeneralterms,andmayhaveas gumentwhichwillbearscrutiny. Mr.Spaulding deep a sig naificance <w when Mr* Folk i83ued hie se- is entitled to thanks for this vindication of tho Re- publican policy of improving our r vers and harbors, and for the clear light in which he has pkced the questi<;:: before the public, in exbosing the Pres-liefk-efit €«rtainedthatCortina-issuccored,as some of the Ic <lian chiefs were in Florida, with the ex- press-oej* jet of concentrating a large force in that•region,su3dthusBotaintaininga-heavyexpenditure.BrigPedroSanche2Dobs,Fickett,Nuevitas14days,cedarand Mr.Manierregavenoticethathewouldintroducea Mr.iNIaajerfromaSpecialCommitteesubmittedareportin molairtisestoJ.MolmakCo.;vesseltoPeckii.Church. HadaThe xaxc i body of- the army in Utah is to beCoiiiinuicationswere received fromthe FireCouimlsuioneca,BrigCharlesAdams(Br.j,Peterson.St.DomingoCityJam81. n^O^TM-,)YttUtti:e.'VttuN>me-Ciu^iadBubvarFeb.6,andthecret orde rs, before the country was startled with war-fifteoi .«year 3 ago.Riv«rlUh,bides,Sec,toHart^ckfcCo-Brig Sitka (of Bart Machiaa), Steel, Attak&pas 12days, sugarand mo!as«es to V. Talbot & Co. *BTig Almore (of Waldohoro), Hoffsos, Minititlan, Mexico, 21 davs. mahogany to Victor ii Duckwitz.Brig Lucrctia, Stevens, Cardenas 10 days, sugar to J. M.- Macias.The . r e s i d e n t has hpped, by getting the treatyratified, ai id thus extingukhiog the sovereignty of ident's Southern sophistries.Schr. Whirlwind, Maxcr, Tonala. Mexico, 28 days, via New-Mexico, th at an army-mi^ht be marched there with- out incurr. "mg any of the hazards which become imeaine-itA* hen he adco^s eitaer of the alternatives sufcgexk "A. -But as hie -.political fortujie.i arc despe-VICE PRESIDENT BRECKTNR DCE-.ON THE HICKMAN AKi?AJ(K.tun lor handling way freight is atrickeii out; and the BILLS-X!>:FOR£ THE SENATE.provision in the original bill, which required that infixing*their rates the railroad companies should not Mr. Manierre introduced a bill to amend the -Revised A resolution was offered, directina the Conjiijis-jiouer of Re- U.Sprague.charge more than double the price on the highest class Statutes by providing tihat no person v/ho may become pairs and Supplies to have croHs-wa!kVlaid at the intersection of Sr.hr. North State, Horton, Charleston 7 days, coaou and rico-"under th«>promptingswhich havethucfar directed his 4kdx oxAistsation. Koihing but the- dread of an impeaclu»«3a4 deters htm, though he has no fear ofthe reeu It of >a trial htfotv tlie Senate. . But an ar- , raigasme. nt by^he Ilouiev even with the prospect of an ultam; ate aoruittal, has terrors for weak nerves,and he bl inches when this responsibility is seriouslyproposed. .ileflce the .urgency with which themund8on in an aswiult on Mr. Pickman, andthat, civil-suitagainstanyrailroad company,foranyviola- being armed, we stood ready to assassinate the latter tion of this act by any director, officer, agent, or ser- gentleman in. case he should mal e the leant rcsiBt- vant of such company, and, making out a ca?.o, shouldCMIVHKBandof.otherofiicialnoticop.SKCTION 1. The Board of State Canvassers idiall .direct the puhhctttion of copies of the certified statements auU determina- tion* rnnde by t)i«i*i, io nuch of the puhlie nnvr.p;>perH, not ex- ceeding one In each Judicial IIistrict of the State,.oK they shalldesignate. i . . . SK<:. 'I. Section forty of tli« dhh title of " An net reflpectiuff elect ions, other than lor militia iuid town- ofticors.'' tinned April 5, 10-12. and section twenty-one' ot the act amendatory thereof,panned May 8, 1849, are hereby repealed. , tine.3.ThepublicnoticesrequiredtobegivenbythoCon-trolier and Secretary of State, bynections two and three of the act to oroviue for the public printing,-passed Match 5th. 1846, for tbe reception of proposuln for printing, i?hall liereafcer bti ziven in two public newspaper*only in ea«h. Judicial Distriot of the State.Schmidtmier,sndresided at the coruerof Grahamavenueand lis.ltevaiue street.Schr.M.C.Rowo,Thurston,FortuneBay,N.F.,21/daye,listi to order. ASchr, Mary Alice, Welch, Ponce, P. R., Feb, % tmgar ta Sturget! & Co. f . -:rASchr. G. B. Cramer, Conklin, Little Egg Harbor -days, glaw. Schr. Cnfy Son, Smith, Great Egc Harbor 2 deyk, wood.Schr. LydiaElla, Allen, Little Eicg Harbor 2 eb/'i, coal,Schr. Horace L., Hunter. Graz'. Ecg Harbor 2 daiyj, wood. Schr. Autares, Cordeiy. Fhiladelphia 2 days, ooaL. Sclw. Murylwid, Cati.<-.»it, Ualtiuiore 4 dav-H, COHL Schr.M.S.Bowe,Oosaill,Gloucester4days,tieh.Schr. Cherub, Baker, Fortiaml, Me., 7 days, heading to matter. Schr. C. A. Stetson, Rich, 1'iovlnoetown 4 days, rish.Schr. C. ii N. Rodgi-iK, Johnson, Virginia, oysters.Schr. Ann E. Baker, Ireland, Virginia, oysters.Schr. Areola, Corson, Yirdnia oysters. Schr.W.S.Putnam,BoVd.Gloucester2daj«,fish.Schr. S. A. Smith, Smith, Elizabethport, coal.BELOW—Barks E. Wright, jr., Gibbs; J. A. Haiard, Wil- l-.ams, Fernambuco; Atlantic (Bremen), Fcluhusen, Bremen- brig Anna D. Torrcy, Gntien, Cardenas.SA1 LED—Steamship De Soto, Havana and New-Orleans. WIND—Sunset, S.W.>< (/ut iX* tTfM'.y *tif,-dallmt*, ifUtcy ir,r.fc, mudr,—tii*t The only .proof of a purpose to ass&Keinato that came " we csutnot l*ox io the Kexican C^ernmentfor'* protection AU that frontier."aod hi*firiend-ecanvoteforthetreaty,intheface of wjchifde<-h*fati(Ki, j *for thexn to explain.{ and othersio preserve the peace, and which was h:ip. general merits of this bill.Mr. Warner introduced, a hill to amend the Militialaw,byprovidingthattheAssessorsthroughoutthe?nrpone is, like tbe re«jt, wholly unfounded and false. or' reasons .eutindy satisfactory bo myself, I never ality of Mexico., and jte ultimate absorption by the haves in civil life, carded a weap< n of any kind oasomewhat doubtful. >j.Tfeis wjfaezaeif^-sto the e x a c t i o n of the nation-districts, between the ages of 18and 45 years, liable toperform militia duty. They shall also determine who On the whole, the utory about bribery and corrup- are exempt.allow Dr. Quidor, City Physician, to make a post- mortem examination.\oftheWest,*&&toiUusferateMr.Calhoun'sbeauti-m e n wito contrm>d this plot are long-headed »nd Charles Howard ia announced as the Manager, orITSnrkrta....Reported by Tel*graph. CINCINNATI, Feb. 27— FLO irk dull and unchanged. WHIBKY steadyat$537i. PKOVIBIOHBgenerallyuuchangod. L.vaua Mr. Pond's bill in the Assembly, to [authorize tho sbade etnsier.! jBACOSI aud Br.i.l MHATsi—A small business doing, bht helll ftrmly. MKSK PORK—NO sales; ottered at XW®saiacioos. Theyiuowwhatthenextcensuswill do, in spite <*** ^ n e uwjditated frauds for ethe popoktk>n of one fectJon, and depreciating thatoitheOther. They(eelitintheirnones,that power is to pa** from their hand* soon and forever.Manageress,us,M»ebilkiiaveit,anc Mr.HarryWat- upontheJlooroftheHouee,thatareporthadreached kiiie has tlie direction of the etage The audience last him—from authority which left no room for quootipn night war. si very g ood one, and clu: play a d.ramati/.a- of its correctness—that a member of the House had ap-w»mu-\ contrivance **.*»»willbe ac<iuired. Thia U V* ua^pirution of the whole night.BALTIJIOUKJ Feb. 25.—The ship Uabella, from Montevideo for thii» poit, is iu the bay. hound up, ..The ctip'.uu reports that bo linn been 20 days tbissideof Bermuda, with heavy we«t*<rlv gal«f*.unless it can * *Uf<*by which poptfi.ation andterritorytranscendent merit. The p cce \» to be repeated to- whom. On examination hegaV* tbe name ol'A.Sl Bright of the aeeociation. The capital stock of i,he Company blilfh. • ,of No. 37 Kichange phco, as his informant, and hud is to be divided into sharu»<, amd 'uulwertbed for by SAVANNAH, Feb. 27.T~COTTON ; sales to-dny 6.50 balea, with The balk Wheatland, from Bio Janeiro, is also below, una i« *aldv* t•«*».****• mmtMtimmm1 jJi.W—fJJT-He-next proceeded to'expose the fallacy of thet ar- Mr. Spauiding showed bow the bar or shoal at gument that there was "no fear of competition by rival routes, showing that ^competition did actually exisi, and that it was only by strenuous efforts that the New- |ffhe President and the interested managers who ing the channel so as to remove the most serious York route maintamed its supremacy. He then took up a legal view ofthe case, arguing that tivi bill was aWASHINGTON, Feb. 26, 1860.the fiats was created, and the necessity for deepen-represent the Tekuantepec ivute—some of whom obstruction in the great line of natural water com- clear violation of•tke contract contained in the char- Whettas, Que o'iihj mem here of this TJor.pe from Oewego has munication between Chicago and Buffalo. Tho ters of the roads, which allow them to regulate the •, charged, in Or.mmitto*) of the Whnlo that ho hml -;ood authorityHair Tonk. Hair Tonic Hair Tonic. Hair Tonic Hair Tonic Hair Tonic1 ••*-'. > . ^fit in the Senate—are mafeirg extraordinary exer- for btlievi*!.' that a member of tbis ti^use h»<t tyntton a letter toEri2—-Cihnuck, Johnson, (}::-jftr.naxao, Simpson k. Maynew.estimated present value of the commerce passing •rates of freight. ?n conclusion ?dr. R. reviewed the ' a-^orty in Wall street, New-York, stating in (substance that the •an"angement8 made against xailioa& as gi hiding r &st»se <5f the Prt-Itata.bii] could be be defeated by the<V.«- wouldgivethatprojectsometemporaryvitality,overtheseflats,is$600,000,000perannum.Themonopolies,.holdingthattheywereaotmo-burseiueutof$1<K),(HK)amongLht;uiriubursoftheAsKcmbly; nopolies, for everybody may build railroads /wd, Whewa*, tbe Select_Committee who were appointed tot m- and perhaps ezable Mr. Benjamin to make a more water of these lakes and riveru varies m bight from : •v««'tiuat^ th«>s.ibiect, ari.1w*.r«e-m--powered to send for personB t o compete with every ofc-er. , iDbey had taad.paptara, hiiv«, tUler diligent iucjuiry, reported UnauimoviHly SuccessfulvisittoLondon,thanhedidlast-Sum-yearto'year,andisjsometimealowerbythreeor"beenchargedwithoppressing"thepeople,hut thatt&ereisnoevidencetosustainorjustifythechargesomade;four feet than at other period*. A channel fourteen •they had e'rpended one hundred and firty mii'ions and, Whereas, the charge BOmude and so uscertulned to he an- mer, &*the T>4£soti&toT of a loan for the Compsey to bring tine markets ot tfhe worl^. tojOTJC doore, anfi ..fomfcVi WMwiicnlat.od to defame this Ilo^se, and bring its mW-Sehooiurs—Howard,JBOWHIA1,iNVivbern,J- *>•0»vi<;K. W«bb,tions to carry the Mexican treaty. KatificotioR'VMTO,,wit*> which b*; is connected. Indeed, the question feet dwp is deeded for {the lowest stages of water,may K- properly j u t here, whether, considering the which may Hutppeu during tbe approaching season. [ the wind, and laid at t>-.ir i'eet U-ifcutenofuil njctaitejca ofheru iuto pubi'iecoutempt; therefore, I •Jtesolvce, That this'House deemii it propx;r to put on record its Cond-miibnA-") of thecoursoof any member who giveR to idloand un^opu^od njmorfi againVt tho honor mid integrity of his as- f<>ttlhte«,;th« l'ofce and character of a charge m«de upwri tueiloorFeb. 13. ^ ,Steamship Jamottcwn, Si:inncr, Richmond, mdt*. and pa««.R a t i o n of'peramwl w*tere*t which he bol& to theTehuantejec project he can vote upon a treatyHence there i* an immediate and pressing aeceaatty i the globe. They were charged willxhetug cooi^eLitors of the Oanals. Thie was true in a degsee, but legislateISeetion 11 provides that there shall be written or printed on tbe ticket the name of the company oi owners of the liuts or ce»- •el; the port or place fvvxa which such panease i« to comawnot, aud where it is to end; the day of the month aud year upon which such voyage is to commence ; the naiue of the person or persons purchasing ouch ticket,ocd the tunount paid therefor;Spoiiord, TileKton -V, Co.Stecmship Cherapeake, Crowell,. Portland, mdao. and p**«- toH. li. CvoBiweii &. Co. , „ a A , Ship ZhiRuri, NewbeabiJ Calcutta, and left Sand Heads Oct^ 10, paised Cape of Good Hope Dec. 24, crossed tho Equator Jan.foitof appe 1 hes been made to ihe Repu^-iican ConirccB.aideforvates,andreomeofthemostprominentand Thesecondpoint, ofconstitutionality,was »otTe«pected Deraotarsts of the Senate -have mow than only ably controverted, but the President was eon-to reverse the wheels ojftimcand makethem-roil ba<",tc- -w;ird—a bill to violate -the l*w>a of trade- —u> enact nij/avifuHtwrong—tpdoiujustictorailroads—COsacriiiCe: American to British euieroiise—uo driv« away the' tnrce and commerci; of the -State and its ^ieat empo-20. mdse. to Wm. A. Sale. Experienced very hea-/y wertcrly Mr. Miller of Bulfalo shoved to lay the preamble) and and such ticket ehsll, unless sold by the company, owners, or griec since Feb- 9 from lat.fiOto lcn. TO; Feb. IS, had a, sev<»r*for tho feuproprisititjn, which the •President vetoedas you will, trade wMi grill go where it can go-quickestofChitt 11 OH*©.which ';« designed tix^rotit that ente.prise? Every against-tie deliberate judgment of'ooth branches ef ana c&eapest. The bffi was in his opinion iva attemptT::e Sptjaker stated that the auestion would be en the udej-lioh of the resolution.of 1767, to show that these navigable waters areand' the person who built such structures shall be liableeveump, .^he FRKsn>Ki<T in tWchair. Ta« Mayor sent La.o. coic-eould leyyarry "duty of tonnage" u?>on vessels navi-tures shall remain atter such notice, and until such principle. Mr. Flagler, the author of the bill, proposed encroachment shall have been r-omoved.To they.ditnr*oj 'i'ltt (J</h*tUuti*n :ofisdeclarednottracnfcraole, can acsignor disposeSchr.Honduras,Baker, Boston4days,lincecdV>T.Gv'4r,A» L. Rowo. " )Schr. Samuel Roban,Henderson,Port Lavacca,Texas, 22days,cotton, itc, to master. • y"GENTXEMES: in connection witli the recent diffi- culty between Mr. Edmundaon of Virginia, and Mr.Mr. liritnt introduced a bill req airing all fines collect- ed in Courts of Special Serious, exceytin incorporatedHickman of Pennsylvania,-some > jxtraordihary mis- were made, mainly intended to make the bill consis- rate, a n d J*3 i? anxious to signalize hi3 administra- ptatemenzs have appeared in the pr biic papers. TJIR tent with the amendments already noted.ance.I have bc^n very much snrprie id at theBe accusa-tions, hm have waited a reasonable time in the hope that Mr. liickruaii would feel bound to correct them. He has not done so, and since they arc persistently re- peated, 1 think it proper to make tie toliowing state- ment:1 happened to witness the dlffieidty between thoseobtain judgment in the sum of $1,000 against such company, one-half of which was to go to the party entering suit, and the other.half to the county poor.Mr. Biugham opposed this amendment as anomalous and mischievous, and calculated to endanger tko suc- cess of tbe bill. After further discussion, in which Messrs. Flagler, Finch, and others, took part, Flagler withdrew his amendment, and oilered a 1B.URtacAKT AT FLATHUSH.—Tbe honse of Mr. JeromnsJ. Johncon at Klatbush, wasj felonlouBly entered on Saturday nigiit, and rohijed of articles of jewelry to tho amonnt Of $3<<0. Tlieburg.lnTN.entcred thTongh the cellarway, and going up-Btairs hrok<?i op«n the bureau drawers, from which the articlestreaty is j >assed, in order that the military policy gentlfeinjEm. it v/as not a hghL; it was only a scene. etitute, providing that:They wore walking together towaid the gate of the " Kech and every dU^r.t.nr, otti^t-r, Agent, or nervRiit of v.\fy designedft>rMexicoinay&opursuedwithsome railroadcorporation,who(.hullboguiltyofaviolationofuilybroughtbefor« Justice Co'rnw'eUyesleidayou the charge of assaui: ing Iioward C. Couiudy, a pulicemau of the'.Oth wjird. Thoy m >i on a Fulton avenue car on hjunday, where tho riifncnlty oocurreJ. Hauft itt uu ex-poiioeroai , And it appears that the parties, have longbeeftatevamitywiiheachother, (lauftmadeHcouuter-when his arxti was instantly r.uized by some one (Mr.ness at alkand. that he had finally made arrangements to go to personR'Sceeping such oflices, or associating together forthopnr-l^arraSffg.-war.'wysr^'-JW^Jiw-gPi'••>>•••'«*"»"'»»"W»«.»«»»*M«*«»w««0»w«^^4*«.•*».'%. •^>X'~i/NEW-YORK JSmJSLAT^JSSm staged that the letter was written to one Partridge, a;Wall-Btrcct )m>ker. But Bright had testified that he Trustees of a village may be subscribers to the capitalAror/UTA, Feb. Vs.—Corrov—Sale« unimportant, with KtO* ln<jairy, and price* weak.then petition for annexation, after the fashion of utearaboats, and against pro-rata railroad tolls, were *! that tbe charge had not' the slightest foundation in fact, nies formed under the act are permitted to enter received. Artb!a.' -.8»t>«crib«r», g 6 per am.A VERT.LAltGE lapobBshedeveryfiatT.-per tajuua in advance; # 3 ; T e n C o p i e s f o r ^ 1 7 muj largernumberattb* Copies to address ot f*< tke.ateof»1» each),twenty or more, will be > •aey cosonaenoeat aay tfa Adverti*ements In T s LAH?£K lUlSTJSUrteaoT H E 83KIWI-'U pobUahed every Trx per«no«n;TwoCopies'"'THESKPWOK EURO? Ie pab'dabed oa the depar •A $3 peraaznun,po*tair.«TJflfJB NK\* FOR «AL1F0AKIA, CXl pubilafied on the tepu w u L a t ^ l W p e r a r n - m .BptiAttract AIIRAC1LIRE LJK£ LIKP:TEE GREATEi THJE SHIof School Commissioner, and their report was adopted. circle*, i#y feat the snap judgment obtained by Mr. is the game, and it is a pretty big one. Mr. Mr. MIIJNROE gave notice of a bill to prohibit thenfleet* d on Mr. Milliken or any other member. any ponds, springs, rivers,'streams, or lakes, and con- ,«.o;<mia In short, the conclusions arrived at by the Commit" vey the same to any place they may _ desire. IncaseNew-York....Sput^inpton. MwchlgTM-;;;;:;^^^Cameron in the recent State Convention of Penn- Buchanan never would play for anch stakes, buta88:gnmeut or sale of any life annuity which, by the terms thereof, is not transferable. Also, to prohibit all Sunday concerts or public entertainments, under a penalty of $50.0. Also, a bill fiving a theater license a t $ 5 0 0 f o r s i i m o n t h s , a n d t h a t o f a l l o t h e r p u b l i c t n B&tee, are as follows: ••'•'. ^(Company cannot agree with the owners oroccu- Europa.J. No letter hRB been written by any member of the -Assembly;; ^"ts of any lands reojnred for the purposes for which Ando-BiLcon.\ toanypcrnoninthoCityof New-York,suggentingorintimathjgvi _&?Company ie organized, the County Court ia to ^frica*••;:•••• *.' that with t>>eturn of $100,000. or any other sum, the paawoge of~sylvania, win do him no good in the desperate game ne is playing for the Chicago nomination. If theMr. Slidell, who understands brag, takes the hand.Boston. Liverpool•Portland Liverpool. p a * * * * * * clilO ,.Hew-York....Liverpool.... ....March15 .Portland Liverpool.... ....March 17. P o r t l a n d L i v e r p o o l . . . . . . . . M a r c h 2 4 ,7tf*w-Yor*....Southampton. April 3 .New-Y ork... .Southampton. . •.. * ,nx*\y Xa n d d o e s t h e . b e t t i n g . H e h a s l o s t C u b a , a n d h o p e siieeessiiies ofthe caseshall compel a departure towinMexico. We shallsee. Waittillthemen tertainmentsat$150.. Iw t h e P r o - K a t u F r e i g h t h i l l c o u l d b e d o f < « i » t « d . ;•* V ^ ^ ^ - - ^ r t P ^ ^ f t a p o r a i s e t h e v a l u e ^ o f _ JJ.ThatnoBuch.letterha«beenwrittenbytheHon,W.T. theland. Then*decisionshallbesubjecttoanappeal * B. Milliken, and that no statement, fact or circumstamjoi con* to the same Court, and, if confirmed, the same shall be "n?ctedwithorgrowingoutoftboinquiryoughtinanydegree^ * f f l f f i i uS&xon<*.... Teatofiia...Jurefft>xnGov.Seward,who,doubtless,atthismoment andmoneyarcvoted bythoHouseofRepresenta- »ba* by far the strongest h*4d upon the party, those tives. ASSEMBLY.t( to afl'ect or impair the oontidence or conaideration to which that lMnding and final.TO AJR.EIVB. Liverpool.... New-York..Peb. IIt that he had no word of reply to make to any aspersion any Company or lino to well or issue any tickets within thw State aare«s be shall bo appointedby'tho owners, agents, or con.signccs, c on his character and integrity as a man and a legis- and hi« appointment mu«t bo in writing, and must designate tho controversy, and will select its principal nominee President's veto message of the bill for the im- refened to the withdrawal ot the old bill as a cage of 1 lator. He made the statement on the floor of the, name of the Company, line, and 8bip, and the street and number,Cbrcawrian Saxonia Fulton.ten.. Teut< nia....Gaiway. Now-York Southampton. New-Y ork ..Southampton.New-Y ork..Southampton.New-York. ...Southampton.New-York.with gteat deliberation.. The- actual members of provement ofthe St. ClaiT Flats, in one of the moat the Conversion will have but little more influence cogent and conclusive arguments yet heard on the in determining this result, than the hundreds of general subject. He took up the three principal1 House on what he deemed at the time sufficient andalao the city nn4 town where such tickets are sold.( grounds, and had not changed his opinion as to the Tho Second Section pr.rfhibits tho sale of ticketsat a piicoinfanticide. When the infant was first produced, itwas declared to be perfeetr-aot an alteration wasto be made in any feature. But suddenly it had beencrushed out of existence by the authors of its being.Another had taken its place, which was very different' 1 wherein he was charged with having been indicted in3 lerred to a slanderous article in The Buffalo Courier,considerate men, not members, who will be present reasons assigned by the President: 1. That the in principle, and which presented, also, the most of- ! Chicago for fraud, with the additional statement months. • 'P n s u w a c c r sA r r i v e dto r*flees ihe tmbought and unbiased sentiment of appropriation for the improvement ($55,000) ia in-the people. The ixupre**i<ra here is very strong expedient and unnecessary; 2. That it ia unconsti- cability of Pro Rata, showing that if tarifls were Pro ! he had never been in the City of Chicago, and had or conveyance from any port or plioe, on any ship or steamship, G. (Mis'.Mr. R. proceeded to examine the question of practi- 3-Illinois to Governor King for him, &c. Mr. L said printed, or both, purporting to entitle any person to any paRsnse that packed delegations which are sent to Chicago, tutional, because Congress has no potver to make Rata-ed up, starting at the lowest possible charge for ; never been indicted there. The story had gro wn out company or lino, or upon any snip or steamship whatsoever, orJn brig Wm.Wiltcn, from CiudadT orral,J .not for calm deliberatict), but for blind action, will the appropriation; and 3. That tunnage dutiesSun—RisesSandy Hook...11:20 I Gov. Island... 0:10! Hell-Gateour merehcjadise from yrlaoe.-to place with the speed"Ofto I.Drtlem «. Heinc^n. "*< Steamship Columbia, F-erry, Charleston, naiie. aael pasa. tOintimatad thefc rejection would probably be followed, \ictt>d of asserting what the records of Congress ritjn. Worat ot'M.1L it ia a bdi to'violate tiis laith of YEAS—Mrsure. B. Aiieiu, lieebe, Bingham, Uhcby, buah SK€. t'.S. The term c-'mpany, whenever need in thia sjttt, shallby W A T . prtyze to be .untrue, in a44ogi»i£ that "-for moro-thau It has alwidv-teen stated in tbk correrpcndencc '* thirty jKJtrx after the -adoption «f the Federalway,/uquea, Jeli'ordu, Jewdl1, Jewell, Koftri'jM, Mcl'addeu- McQuadc, McVean, Mather, iMarson,- Menelw, Miller, Morgan, Auat-.n Mjxnk, A. A Mysre, Nflwoll, Palmer, Putit, Poud; Rich- ,ird»on, St. John, Savage, H. Smith, Taggaxt, Van Alstyae, Van Korr..NAYS—MessrB. Bowman; Gcukoetl,' Cailkot, ./. Clark, Cole*, Coiiklin^, Cooper, OITK/"I», Couclwuw, Decker, UickioMon, Gn.-rrrXt»c,n, llibU*.. Jones, Kennedy, Mflrritt, Milliken, V Hourkc,shall not be so construed as Co permit railro**** incorporated hi any othejr State to oell pastengei tickets under tho tnw of tide State. Ith*.t the :Pre«rjdrnt designed, whenever Sliramou made hi? ix.te'Mfcrxi attaek upon V era Cnjc, to de- mand of ten eat^gfiiieaily, whether prOteeVion would be afforded +so American citisecs and property iri that ciijt. <Of course, he couid give noeaawer thatwonld i*e -rwarnixded ax satin factory, ' because his .artillery wfcwCa. hardly be able to discriminate be-frtfre designed TOsave th3 State from the heavy tr-x-M.-Sac. 14. This «ct shall teie effect immedidxrly. .»»hip Monterey (of Boston), Smith, Sumatra Oct. 28. and St. Helena Jan. 3, pepper to VV. A. Sale Si Co. Sailed iu company j'.vith ship Daylight, from St." Helena for Boston. Oct. 31, lat. 4 PRESENT A TION OF A BKT.L.—^Tbe Stibbath-Sthool 20 N., lorn S-l 10, spoke ship Sorjora, Bruurd, from London for •Calcutta, 132 days oct; Jan. 25, lat. 2 26 N., Ion. 36 45 W., spoke French bark C. tc Roger, from Ha\*re for Maranham, 35 days out;thr State »nd the'Opnstit.«.iJbu of t,li« United Slates. -?ir. FLAGI**SR spoke in support of the bill, takfe.5tbe ground, in. a-strong argument, t-md; it was a met>''Constitution, the power to appropriate money for" internal improvement was neither claimed nor t a n which Uxn preaent coudition of the Treasury, ren-Carter, Chittenden, P . Clark. Cook, Crane, Crocker, 13orsch, exteudto and include all corporations, whether ^reat'-'d by or ' Ellsworth, Emerick, Evans, IPinch, Finher, Fuller, Hall, Jak, under the laws of thin or any other State or nation. This ant*« exercised." Mr. Spauldicg c-.ted the ninth actdered necessary, : Onc<?tho canal reveries reached'the'>i:um oi^,7eO,«iOO.«Iia*i year th«y wew? but Sl,SUtti00O.. . B3.0QXL YJSf ITEMS. whole body, and from consequeat :los« of sleep.-of the first Congress, approved 'by Washington, This iHilihg off is attributable to tbres amses: Wrst,' A. Xmit/i, Tdbcr, Tnctsor, Uarian, Vermityc, I'oorncct, Walth,August 7, J7t<y, ior the -esiabiidhLueht and sup-the r«peal ejf the railroad-toll bill in 1'851; second, theunfair connp^it'ion of r.he rtiilroads, drnving trade fromWcbitcr.Republican!) in Rouian; Denioeratu in UalicK.SEW-YOaK HAJRBOK.Senator Robertson to-day introduced a bill to pre trent encroachments and obstructions in the Harbor of• ^New-York, and to authorize their removal, as follows:SK^T^ON 1. ltflhall-not.be lawnd -to ohstnict or interrupt the navigation of the port and harbor of New-Y ork, by any incum< brance whatever^ asvd in- case of -any nuch obstruction or mterrnp-'•port of lighthouses, beacons, buoy=, an^ ouoiic tbe. CRUJIIF, arfd-'thi-d., the futile effort of tho cwntlato rH v12zrH Nye (No. 2)." piers," for which •' all the expenses were to be.,/ parrv tba . competition by low tolls. The30 eviia wouldbe remedied'kyther-oassage of tins lew.He declared thatHibe! tax payers damanded this law.sight is ree&ored.V defrayed out ef the Treasu^j' of the United;, l eaghths <milis,- even reducing the tax for general pur-tween -MJejccan and American property. The [Min'wter <otConsul will be provided with instruc- v States." Jefierson approved a bill on the 6ch of TJbi« yexT th* taxa^os must be at leustthree aixl three-• — • —tions to*ineet ibis contingency, and instead of trane- April, 18024 forth* -erection -of lighthouses and lavotsa c£'.e»eiglrthoY-a mill from last year. He took the tion, bv reason of any nunken vet-^el or other taing, tlie BoUrd ofchildren of the Keformed,T)<itcb. 'Chnrch in'Fourthlerrrag •mas citizens and -property-on board theAmaricaja t'npa-of- war, the design is tc land marines for the Cxirnberland Eoad, upon whioh nearly siz far tfeeiirprotection on shore. I say-distinctly, this millions was subeequentiy expended. 'In 1807 thoHenry Ssudder'e Church at Yallore, india. It is to be letter M in the center, aud alar^e fly at the main.is the pxtveose entertained now. It may possiblyoe changed »* the laat moaent, because the Presidentcoast survey was begun- under the same President. Gen. Jackson, in his Message of 1830, expres*!ypresented this (Tuesday) evomnft, by S-fr. Ferris, on behalf of -the School, and will Hb« received by Dr. Scudder.THE N E W PL YMOUTH CHU-HCK.—The subscription list for tiit-new Plymouth Chnrchwas started on Sa't- nrdayevening,atameeting of*prominent gentlemen connected with the Society. $120,000 was announcedShip Far VV^.t, Gage, N«9w-Orl«an« ¥nb. 4, mdae. to M. T. Fro»t. Been 7 davs N. of llatterus.Berk Catco, McBean, Tiiuidad de Cuba 20 daye, sugar and mo* htsj-eo to George S. Su-phenton.Bark Aberdeen (of Searsnort), Cochran, Matanzas l l days, sugar to R. f. Buck Ac Co. 1Bark Isinael & Susanne (French), Davansant, Havana 17day»,. in bsllaft to order; -|BarkMacdalena, Day, Avvinwall 13days, mdse. to J. F. Joy.BrieJ.Means(ofSedgwick),Well*,GieufuegosFeb.3,molas- ses to Thompson &. Hunter. Sailed in company with barks E . Wright, jr., Cordelin and brig A. Avery for Now-YoTk. Feb. 12,oenrse shonAd be pursued, it is eaoy to see that} a terms, covering tse whole practice! of the Govern-Suring'hisargumenthealludedtothefactthatagents of the ^Pennsylvania Contrsd ami Grand Trunk Rail- roads had been in Albany the greater part of the ses- sion-endeavoring to aid the passage of tho Pro-Rata bill, and quoted from 'thereturns of different lines of: oolliaion-is admost inevitable, for these marines willment up to that.period, whichAdaans, Madison, Monroe, and the other -Presidents had sanctioned• ^e-0ent*ttoh«i>re to precipitate a convict. And when•that take* place, it is expected that public fseling and recommended.yond the line-recommended by the Commissioners for as the sum needed to acoompltsh the object. Thirty-. . off Cape Antonio, signaled briz Abrncc&bah. from Cieufuegos forwHJdonrm d the intervention of Congress, and the eountry t h u s be h r a i e d into another Executive war.Thia«H: o. ne of the designs npon'^Iexioo. Another is, to throw' a body «»ftroops infco'-^fce northern prov- ince*, und« }rthepret«D8o of punishing outrages uponperson building such piers or bulkheads beyond such" other purposes." -In 1806 ho approved the biiiConm.i»Mioufcr«ot'l*ilot«-Bh4llnotifythe owner or owners oiHuch veseel or thing, if Kbch owners are within tbe City and County of New-YOT'K, and are known to them, to remove the aame within twenty-fonr honro aftor Buch notice; and in case such owncra cannot be found, or'are not in tho City^ and County, or fail to comply with cuch notice, tho jBoard of Commissioners ahall can»o tho removal of the oDRtructionfij and. tho .expenses of »uch removal shall b/o paid by the county withiu whose, jurisdic- tion such vessebor thkig Khali be, thd ejepenae to be recoverable from the owner or owners, by and in the name of the Board of Supervisors of such county, and such expenses shall be a lien on the vessel or thin£ removed until paid.SEC.2providesthatitshallnotbe lawful for anyperson to ouild or maintain any pierrbulkhead or otherstructure, or to fill in with earth or other material be-street, JS. D., have parchnsed a handsome hell for Dr.bad heavy weather in the Channel,; Feb. 21. lat. 32 20, Ion. 67 30, crchaiige'd signal* with a bark showing a white liag with blactcground thatoy tiaaa law alone couH the canal revenue be raised, »nd the financial condition of the "State im- proved. IBe coxreluded by aryuicg that this bill would 3iot injure railroad stoock, but be, in truth, a benefit to stockholders in tbo end.Mr. MrLLlHEN also spoke at length against the bill deootmcinc that it: had now become a struggle of •ffoMnofreften covet sad*grave respocsibaityi- If-this asserted the Constitutional power in the broadest Canal l'ordwarders, who were endeavoring to force freight en to the ^Canals against railroad- corporations.Upon the third .point, in which the President ] railroads-to prove that the'competition of rival routessuggested that Michigan, in conjunct*1 n with Upper : was to!be feared. The Committee then rose and the bill wae-made tbe 6]>ecial order for to-morrow. Ad-the Preservation of the Harbor. And in case of any two subscriptiov s were entered, amounting in (total toline, the board of.Commissioners of Pilots snaJl frotify about $32,000—averaging $1,000 each- Mr. Bcecher such persons, and if they fail to remove them in a time stated from the pulpit, on &unday:iuorning, that atlung-to be specified in the .notice given by the Com- erslwho wish to take part in :the enterprise will haveBoetou; 12th, lat. 22 20, Ion. 8^520, was boarded by a boat from Br. b«rk Rival, Hammond, from AtpinwaR for Dobo Island; re- ported most of his crew sicx; supplied thorn with medicines; 16th, lat. 24, Ion. 81 30, speke bark Lventidc, from Cienfuegos for Boston. xBrig Mazatlan (of Boothbay), McCarty, Cienfur.gos la day*, KUgar'and molasses to J. E. Ward &. Co. Feb. 13, off Havana, spoke bmk E. Wright, jr., Gibbs. from Cicnfuegos for Boston; no> aatc. off Cape Antonio, eisualed brigs J. Means, ao. for New- Y ork; Marine, and Abracabah. both from do. for Boston; echr. Ossuna, Carman, do. for New-Y ork.BrigjW. A. Brown (of Boston), Hermann, Pensacola 15 days, timber-to master. Feb. 25, lat. 3450, Ion. 74 40, spoke bark John .Henderson, from Wilmington, N. C , for Porto Rico; same day, saw brig Josephine Emehjue, bound N.: that night hdd'a heavy N.'W. calcBrig Monte Cricto, Ncrthrup, Rio Janeiro 53 days, mdse. to ma-ter. Has been 20 days Irom j th* latitude of Hatteras, with heavy \V. and N. \V, galr*; lo»t two mainsails aud a main, stay- sail. 'Brig Syr-en (Br. of London), Griflin, Graytown, Nlc, 27 days, wood end hides to CJ Duraud. Experienced heavy weather the latter part of the passjigc: been 5 days N. of Hatteras.iZfrCanada, aho«ld provide tho -moans of- deepening the journed. channel, Mr. Spaulding's-demonstration was equallyeffectave and overwhehaiag. He ci :«d the ordinancemissioners, the .Board of Commissioners may cause somuch of such piers or bulkheads to be removed as iabeyond the line defined by the Harbor Commia&iOner's,an opportunity sifter the close of each service. Baotoc-LYN COMMON, COUNCIL.—^The Board met hukKr^en 0«r Own Correspondent.AtBANY, Monday, Feb. 27,1860.PRO R A T A A G A I N .As J telegraphed to T H E Tin JIUNE yesterday would ered by and in tbe mime of the Board of Commissioners by whioh a Committee' of Five was -appointed to pr'octed topeople of the United States; aad that no State thin morning, or./ rather, such amendments as change lars ror each and evejiy uay during which such struc- The MfyorthinVs'oiir Rcpr«««ntntiveK at Albany are abLe to" common higinvays," not to Mchigan alene, ashua, and t he third I'm to cross the Mexican frontier the President eeezned to suppose, but to all the be the case, the Mends of Pro Rata offered a substitute of Pilots, and.shill also pay a fine of twenty-five dol- Albany and see to the bills relating to the City of Brooklyn.notorioou i that the Mexican- troops came to the re- gating thes^-* waters^ with or witho it the consent 0.' the amendments, the most important of which, provides This section does not, apply to wharves, piers, or Daniei Luyeter was appoiak.Ml Sealerof VV'cishtM and MeasuresDau*Feb. 29Feb. i!J E possibly be, and that nothing in the slightest degree re- pipes, aqueducts, &c, and may take the water from prince AihortT.T..,...,.New-York....G•aiway..,. . . . . March 1<£rT3UBCNK arj;.x enunn, a And tferrvered to City ScS gentleman is tntitled in Una House-TICKET SWTJ-mLINr..Mr. MiJHken^afterthe report had been read, madea s hritjf speech, m which he censured the Speaker very vent friuds in the sale of passage tickets, as amended8 severely, without referring to Mr. Littlejohn by name, aid reported to the Senate by tne Committee, on Com- Nova-SooUau Liverpoolj propriety of his course in that matter. He then re- higher than that charged Dy tho Compnmy.fensive features of the deceased. 1 that a requisition had been sent from the Governor of 8x0. 5. Any persons who, by any means, amounting to a con- spiracy, 1hall sell or attempt to sell, any ticket, either written or/« prig Lucrelid, from CartUnat—Wm. Schilling Edwardl Nuncjriller, Benjamin F. Forder, Andrew Christie, John Carter,the shortest distance, the through freight tariff would • of tbo fact that his former partner had. been indicted who, by aery means 01 such conspiracy, shall oetabtor attempt to Obtain, 'any riioney or other property, under the pretense of amount to an neiual prohibitumagfcmsl carrying freight : at Chicago, and that such indictment hud been oh- .procuring such peasage, shall, upon conviction, be punished byHXXIATHKK XTMATfAC.6:36 I Se;«.. &:ia | Moon—Setf....have v»?ry little weight, beyond their mere numerical levied by the State of Michigan upon vessels navi- irova other stations, and drive commerce oil* the rival • tained for the purpose of getting bis partner into that imprisoiAnent not exceeding live nor le*» than two years.1:51Also the bill to incorporate the Athemeum Associa- The provisions allowing the company 40 cents per tion in tho City of New-York.Mr. Day ton oll'ered-a substitute to the ^Uect that, in tho opin-iion of this Common Council, the time has arrived when an ap- port, R. I., mahogany to F. Alexander; vessel to 'lrask at Dear* plication should be made to the United States Government for born. Experienced very heavy weather, with violent gales.an appropriation for a Fost-.Ollicw. The substlUlte wa« adopted. Schr. Plymouth Rock, Noms, Boston 3 days, mdse. to Daytonoffreightwhich theychargeonthe low«st,hsisbe«nso amended as to perxait them to charge triple insteadof double thoee rates. A number of other amendments of the fame.re/erredtotheCommitteeonGradingaudPavingforreport.• ButOTAL ASSAULT.—Yesterday afternoon,-an IrishKEW"-l'orJK TKIUL'.NK and other prteses have deliber- annually. • . ruo%, and knocking him insensible. The injured mac was taken N. Fox. J I he«a«y e«**57 3"S' cocsege to the sacking place, ately charged that I, in connection vith other gentle- tion^the provision, which had been stricken out on a Mr. Truman introduced the following: to a drug stoisc ncir by, where he received proper attont'on,.and Schr. Jeseee Williams, jr , Wiusmore, Philadelphia %d/»y»^dilt-curman, who reAised to give his name, Was arr-sted at thotion by t&ms 2Ct of daring, if not rash enterprise, Mr. Flagler moved to roatore, with a slight varia- cities, to be paid over zo the County" Treasurer semi- Btiii-hiK a v«*r^ old limn, a r«g picker, .inon the l>e<»d with a cirt- Schr. Ella Cannon, Brotrster, Leipsic^ DcL, 2 days, e o n toy&.head. I approached as rapidly as tofieible, and stoodt'ma,oi*gkttoi>esii/iioient. Heexid: "1&axsat- betweentheparties.Mr.Hickmanseemeddiwom- prepoeed.stndadopted,ashoregardedthebiilasen- ofthePeaceholdingsifebcourt,uponsatisfactory Sonoay,twolacs,InamcdJohnShorrandCarter, lands.WindS.W.,licht:weatherhazy.**isfied icyx<}l(, and it is the judgoent of all those pbped and agitated, but TK::Wno evi lence of fear. He tirely wrong in principle from beginning to end. How- proof by Affidavit or otherwise of. the. expense in- who attend pnblic school No. 2 in 3en?ey City, had aHIGHLANDS. Feb. 27, sunset.--Onc brig passing the High- SANDx" HOOK, Feb. 27. sunset.—The steamer De Soto, for(** whoaai have consnited, and wj'.o know anything course,- after- the interposition of by binders, no con way to a motion that the Committee rise and report judgment berendered against such incorporation, allow quarrel while returning home from school, during tion, Utr Liverpool, ix goiiii; o;;t over tho lLir, and lour barks ar»•4 of tu<^ oenuiti^a of affairs on.lie Kio Cr^ado— flict wotird iiave-heen allowedHavana and New-Orleans, crossed the Bar at 1 :'M• xhip (-Jonatitu- progress, that the bill, as amended might be printed, .the pamo to-tho party in whose favor such judgment which it is alleged that Carter kicked his antagonist, gouig up tbe bay. Wind moderate from S. \V.; weather veryhad not attempted to strike Mr. E Imundson, and, of ever, instead of proceeding with jhis sneeci, he gave curred in proving such incorporation, shall, in caseAftctr a pause of a few1so that the House might undceBtand it. Accordingly, shall be rendered; and shall enter judgment thereforone or more times, in the stoinach.hazy oU'fdiore. .SAVANNAH. Feb. 2C—The steamship Florida;arr. at Tybeo"there Iw**% nv Otnstr^mtnd now in Mexicoae'Uk monsents, I :<>ok. Mr. Hickman's arm, and suggested the Committee rose, and the bill was made tho special tho same as for costs of the action.at 4, and at her wharf at 8 p. m. All well. .•' tchick OOC'Can if..at—-no OuvtrmntisC that can cwy that wo skouldwulk on, to which h< assented, and we. order for this evening, when the discussion will be re- Mr, Colvi'u introduced a bill providing that tho State Shorr went homo to No. 225 South Fifth street, Fob. 27.—The screw steamship Montxomcrx, of Cromwell'swalked together te the gate. ^ sumed. I understand that, in addition to Mr. Robin- shall join issue, in the 'Supreme Court, with James where he became ill from the effects of the bruises, and, line, from New-York, arr. ventoraav, 26th, at 3p. m.r e s o l u t i o n o n t b e t a b l e . ,Mr.CailicotcalledforthoTeasandNays,and!-the•«hbjcctwas tabled, 46 iodM, as follows:c o u s i g i t c c . i , h e t i g n c d b y t h e i r a u t h o r i s e d a g e n ; ; a n d e v e r y v i o l a - tionofthisrection.shsAlbodeocp.edamisdemeanor.Sac. I2. The word irh\p inClJ»des all,.kinds of sailing Vessel*, and the -word tteaZmdnp all sorta cf steam VCSR^.ICK u r r i c a n e f r o m S . S . W . , w h i c h e n e d a t W . N . W „ l a t . 33$ 4 3 , dem70-10:searlvallthecrewaresick. Dec2,lat.2i>30S.,Ion. 55 E., fcpo^o ship Scotlane, of and from Liverpool for Aden, 135 days cut;-,th, lar- t\ S., Ion. 40 :;o R., was in company with barkARTICLES WHOLESALE DE^—— .—— ,i'TkeRCT.H- ismttaWeek as fallows: •WEDNESDA Y ,Feb. 29tbe Rev. Mr. Holme«'» £b THURSDAY, March% i tie Rev. Mr. ; Place \ FRIDAY, March 2, at 3J Stcojftr Presbyterian Cheand Fulton-sts. SATURDAY, March3,iton'» Church, Grand-st., a MONDAY NIGHT, F Thompson's Church. Gram JEV3SNLKG during the w«< except Satnrday, when thinstead of the evening.Tke only Wholeea I ORVIS, No. 133 Mahlcn-ia.Drugi, Paints, and Oils, at " examination ia solicited^Perfumery.New-Y orfc City JLiJb. THOMAS F. &ARF. Coowe on WEDNESLA1 Building, corner if Blceck Moon aud her Influences.' at H o'clock. Admisek-i. 25A. g. Dow, gecretaryFire EMcape.—Mr. V. Escapeandappliedforape ov«r those used in London, an iron frame to attach to tltbe use of ropes, so that a d inside of said tube, and bi thxou|h tw.o eye-holes at el alow or fact as they pleassent up through it.To females it will be m<of the fear experienced :n Tia-'ee-any necessity of ex;The inventor propels trate its utility on VVEOJ^ in front of the CicyHr.U prryient and see for thei^seGreat Union L.ectu The Right Rev. Dr. LA\r i ef a series o*. highly interes« the DISTURBED STATJ the 2Sth, at» o'clock Tne Rights Of the North—and t had at tne principal bott-lsav Doors open at 7 o'clo-;Dr. Gilbert will ie-rtn on ihe Throat and L;:rr« cstacsoftheChest;Moj;d. organs—the cause.ami' JMarch 8, on the Heart. Li- med, to iihntrcte the o'clock. Ticket, to ad:, it •$1. Singleadmieeiou.25B a y a r d T a y l o r N G «ae he was invitedJCOXto before the Young Men': C largehallotthe-Coop^rIn March3,at3o'clock. IiA, Irecture, by the I-will be delivered in V.and7tb-av«., THIS £ \ E ject: "Ireland and the ITthe door.lectures and RAt G O L J U B E C K ' S M On WEDNESDAY. KeSHAKEaPEARE WEDNESDAY,LORD MACAULA Y AdmisiicCadets of Tenxpat No. 8 C. of T. will li^ld EVENING, Feb. 2», at ih, av. Exercise i to cousi*;. o and Sitging, by the aiembiD WttUiXWakuy, vhiAmerican Instituie, xneet THIS (WeOneid^yj Cooper Union "Building, .it Steam," and " j\dulterati(Corporation 3\utio<tested Seats iu the hear 0 ber of the board on T tl I860,at2o'clock. Alipen be present at the abovt m« ther notice.TheRev.W.A.lia the Young Men's Literary ner lst-place and CI :itc EVENING, March 1, At] Gloryandehame." 3:: gnn. Tickets 25 cents ; -.viAll Scientific JK.xpej"Waste of coal gas anJ a gj are made and sustained . yj To insure the best light wif•volves an important consic public.Theself-regulaiiua JOHNSON'S PATKNI does eflect this result with<fconsumer. -We otter uiu : suarantee «f improving tl of gas to an exteat of one- demonstratc this feet dai'.ji>r. From i'arPure .Water.—To m-oar aew CAR BON FILL UNITEDSTATESXtkiuroon-M,A oniquepreparatio:!. «eeay, and.krrsparting tht>•2-ip*.Tor sale'at BUSHTOlcorner Canal ;mu Barclay- *t<M>fromFishOilsandP AL^L AN.»*»f (ifaeturod by J. C. h _ ifgg.»me by Grocttis*ni**nrb»l 4®wttow fee ^»T,B>re^y^iJl(iCjJI HAVE CONCLY-nlto pay ail the o^nenscs of such removal, to be recov- muntcat.-'.on vetoing the Tesolution passed at a p/eviou3 meetbii;,that railroad companies, after lhdng their rates forthrough freight, may be permitted to charge in additionthereto,for any distance notexceeding 10mileB,150percent; more than 10 and not exceeding 20 miles,100 per cent; more than 20 and not exceeding30 miles,75 per cent; more than 30 and not exceeding 50 miles, mation of Juvenile Delinquents in the City of New- East Disvrict, aud breakiug her lej", for $700. Mrs. Feake had hiden, tobacco, &c., to Qelpcke, Keutgen *; Reicbeit.men, was present on -that occaaio x to assist Mr. Ed- previous day, enacting that any person might enter An ACT to din»ai»h the expeutse of the pubUcatton of the State icventuully'was able to go home. He t;uve his name z&Micha<jl coal. ' <SK.C.4.I'ropoxedamendmentstoiheConstitutionnhallbeCapitol grounds triat tcuds into the avenue. I was pirt'of this act, or ol'iiidiiiz and abetting therein, ahall Do de.^n^d publiahed by and under the direction cf the Governor nud crargc against Conrady He %vas held, however, for oxamlpk-color of aut herity. some distance behind them, and uiiacconvpanied, ex- guilty of « u.itdemeanor, and upo*. -convicKon thereof Hhall be Secretary of State, in two public n.«w0pu]>erH only iu *iuch tion. Thus Jar no development has been made which cept by xrj little son. Snddvuly ilu-y siood,apart, and punished with a line not leijw than $250, nor more than.$1,000, j Judicial DiMtrict of the State, lor three montlis previoua toor by imprisonment a« now provided by law, or by both hudh fine and imprisonment." 1ment, hejaade a motioi) with his Jet; band toward Mr. Whole, when Mr. Robinson, of Chemung, moved 1,0 Hi: Cots, a; bill which provides that whenever any Wigfafl, the ^ejjator frojui TCXKS, on Friday, when Hickman, whose hat fell off. l a m unable to say strike ontthe enacting clause, remarking that he do- Corporation, being a party to any proceeding in aurging a reeofcatiou wquesting the Fresident to call whether Mr. Edmund&on touched i;, or the fhll was sired to-discuss the bill on its meriia—perhips he meant Justioe'tt Court, shall deny * its incorporation, it shall, caused by an involuntary movement of Mr. Hickman's dements—lor he immediately etajtedthat he had tak<n in case judgment shall bo'rendcred against it, pay all out a re&iineift of Mounted Yolw.»teor«.against Cojr very little interest in the amendment which had bet n the expenses of proving the fact denied. The JusticeBROOKLYN CITY COWKT CALKNOAU, Feb. 2S.—Xos.r,?justifies any hope cf ratificafcScn. If there was noother reason )o ojpose it, that assigned by Mr. Keitt, I-think), who drew him away. At thai ino67, 24, 41, 69, 70, 50, 01. R5, 57, 58, 09. GO, C3, G5, 6o, 18, 22, 2(5, 32, 5Mr. Edmn>:d«on raised bi« ri^ht h md HHif to strike,Mr. Richmond introduced a bill to lix the salary of This-amendmentwas adopted in Committeeof tie theRensselaerCountyTreasurerat§1,000'.•auv geneial election at which Senators are to be chosen.; CHARLESTON, Feb. it —Tbe'*te4ia>»hip Nashville, Murray, under my notice, was the interference of Mr. Keitt »on, Messrs. Eittlejohn, Milliken, and a number of Hoy, to determine his claim to the estate of John G. inilammation setting in, the little fellow died on Sunday from New-York, arr. hero at 8 o'clock Sunday morning.KOproiujvt and ^.fl'ectual as to prevent even a col- ' Vision.It.ingenerally-thoughtherethattheamendments oilertd to-day will add to the prospects of the liualATr. bark Wheatland, from Rio Janeiro on 13th Jan. When 5other members intend to address the Assembly on the Lealie, deceaeeu.morning. The assailant has been arrested. Coroner Gaftney, being notified, summoned a Jury, and after viewingthebody,theinvestigationwaspostponedBALTIMORE, Fob. 27.—Arr. ship Maria, from St. Jago. Oa the 16th, spoke off west end of Crooked Island, brig Charlca Stuse. for St. John's. N. B.: 21«t, lat. 36, on western edge of the> GulfStream,spokebarkJubilee,fromMataazasforBoston.State smtll annually include in their assessment rollaFor myself, the charge that I wi* armed for any passage of tbe bill, but its success'is still considered jas the names of all persons in their respective assessment until Tuesday, in order to procure witnesses, and to days out. she sprung a leak.Arr. brig Henry A. Didirr. from Pernambuco on tire 25th Jan. Feb. 2. lat. 25 1 N., Ion. 67 30, epoke brig Nancy York, for Aspia- wsll.All. brie Fairfax, Travern, 15 davs from Trbrldad to the Capos.Wtuhin tarn, Feb. ?!„ 1B60. ,fOHN C. 3RECKINRI DOE. up a fabulous number of black crows—a etory which, shall bo Commissioners to appraise the damages sus- years. 4 mouths and 1 day. PHILADELPHIA, Fob. 27 Arr. bark Imperator. from Per- The relatives, friends and acquaintances, also the members of nambuco Jan. 24. Sidled iu company with bark A. J. Hazard,by various repetitions, accumulated to its startling di- tained by the State in the destruction of the Quaran- OcennuB Fire Company No. 11, aud the Fackou House Guards, for New-York.:Uoited Sw«tes. Fortfce pre«eoi, the mauagers my porson. Th»i sum of it is, that 3 performed a kind tion on the Pro-Rata bill appears to have been an im- Mr. Hammond reported, with amendments, theBOSTON, Feb. 27.—Ot! Highland Light, ships Solferino, and. l#ruuiu.,from New-Orleaue ; mtrk Carib, •from-Truxillo; brig R. \T. Parker, from Cape llaytieu ; dchrs. W . H. Mitciiell, and W .TJIEKJU UKltY AN.O COItROPTlON CASK.and' g ^od-riKtured act, and have been extensively provement on the famous" yarn about a certain indi- Quarantine bill. It now provides that Elias W .abused<v>rit. Veryrespectfu,ly, vidualonceonatimehavingswallowedandvomitedLeavenworth,WardHunt,andPeterB.Sweeney,BREWER—OnSunday,Feb.26,Mr.JamesBrewer,aged31H.Titcomb.fromGalvestonforBoston.might be oontent svrth a?propriatij)g five or six of the Northern States, and UL'^ir introduction into our Union, to offv&, politically, the growiog greataeasBnoAnvy*! Tbwom.—The marjagement of this mensions from tho original statement that the haro of tine buildings—estimated at $315,000. When properly plae*)iancbuuged,andafterafewcaysofdesolation thetalehad-"thrown upsomethingasblack,Sir,as ascertained,thesameshallbeassessed,levied,andcol- ful idea of an £f*cpfiftferiam " in the S<tuute. The it was opened hist night under neijv auspices. Mrs. " a crow." lected on tue taxable property of Itichmond County.are requested to attend his fuueral at lOj a. in., from his laio. residence,No.613Washiugtoustreet.Also arr., brig Mary Cobb, Irom Matanza*;schr*. Opurea, from CienfuegOk;;1.J.Spi*n'cerIr-->mHavana.>ii> Jobannex, from*New-York ; Imp It, It. Kiikjland, Iroiu St. ,l«ihtt s Feb. 16; schr. Hiawatha,from-New. York.NEW-ORLEANS, Feb. 27 Arr. ship Mary Bridges, from Liverpool.company are most of them Strang»s in Broadway,and we must see them agai.Ti before we can admit their ;of Alvord &L Dane of the old Oawego Line'of For- warders by Canal, had etated to Speaker Littlejohn that he ban heard such a rumor, but did not say iromrcqutrod to file in tho County Clerk's ollice andjin the olHce of the Secrotary oi Syite, a full and acenvate description of the name, objects, capital and looationlinn; Yellow, 70W7»o,; white, R0?i)li5ic. l'noviHio.NH iirm; Mess Pork, $18 OO'o'^lU 75. .FUKKIMTH aud ExOMAHCUt uu- chiuigcd. 'CIIAIU.KSTON, Feb. 27.—COTTON unchauged; sales to-day, 1,700eteiiiinr Uiicle'Kou !»• »trippiug her, aud will probabb- saveisomo car^o. I •to be U>»klr>g 11 iuchea pel hour.LUCllQ^EAZELS-Be^tMr. Jaquee, from the Special Committee appoint- The wholo amount shall be raised within ten years ed to investigate tho charge made by the Spoakor from the lirst levy.plied for $100,000 to defeat the Pro-Rata bill, mside a;alled"TheHid- report.Theysetforthtestimonywhichshowsthat']><>ratcLlieuiselvesintoacompanytosupplyatiycity,Tn:r. SPAXIMI Riuii V'IITOHIA, previously reported ashore in ChesapeakeBay,U^oiugtopirr.^..HerpUnkisttUrledolfonKGKMATION r>KWATKKANPGAS'COMPANIES.formation of Water and Gas Companies, provides that»F17 M50l.. ]j Money!-market ffiirm,, aund th« demand fIullllV:y up to.thol>i»n*rerM,Arc.PLATED n ^ & & 2 | limy number of persons not less than three, may incor-- dfcn liuud " done by Mr. Manager WatkUm. The F. B. Dane of No. 100 Wail street, partner in the hr.m village or,to\vT), with water or ,','JIH, or both'. They are baleH. KUUAK steady at 7i'iir>7lc. MOLAKSX*, OWC'JG. COKN her-»Ule, Slldls'helUiM on li-r beam euds. Capt. Lewis of thol«olittleout«f^heXV:,v r tecallo»tion of one of Tke U:lgar Stories,supply JIBIOHT ExcitANcn oil New-York nnchaiigt iaed.Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comThe following are the provisions of the bill to pre-New-YorkMr.Littlejohn took the floor in reply, remarking TheFiri$Sectionofthobillallowunoper»onbuttheAjjentior America. ..Liverpool Boston...............F*h.25f for the course he had taken in the matter. merce: AiiKtrahution ........LiverpoolSection A provides.that all, persons violating this act shall, upon conviction, be punished by imprisonment iu State Prison for not morethan two years or|in a countyjail not lossthansixin the Ettsteru District, in place of Fatr:ck Gayuor, deceased. John Vas. Pelt was appolnbed Pound Master of the Eighth Ward ba place of Daniel Dalley, who was sentenced to the Poni- tcntiary-xmdtheoflicewusthuroforeleftvacant.•NJEW-YORKJUVENILEDELINQUENTS.bill to create a fund in aid of the Society for the Refor- cident. by falling into a hole is the sidevralk on Tenth street. Brig Santiago (Bremen), Flueubrook, Port-au-Plate Feb. 17-York.per cent, conditioned that the rates on way freight shall, The billfcoauthorize the Trustees of Columbia Col- in which they inform the Board that they had organized tke mahogany, hides, fcc, to J. S. Whitney it Co.50p«Tcent;.morethan50andnotexceeding100miles, 25percent; morethan100andlessthan150miles,15' "COLUMBIA COLLEGE.legeintbeCityofNew-York totake andhold.real estate,waopassed.Cm.'ENS' SAVINGS IUNK.The bill to incorporate the Citizens' Savings Er,nk was ordered to a third reading.ATEcTJEU-M ASSOCIATION.BrJRMaryA.Forrest,Gillespie,BahittJan.27,colleeandausar to G«oige Moke &. Co.mpursuanceoftheaforesaidprovisions,besoadjinrted that in no case shall a greater sum in the aggregate be charged or collected for a shorter than a longer dis- tance, and provided also that the whole charge per tun on way freight shall in no case exceed the whole charge per tun on through freight.new HoceCompanies,NOB..13,and12—ocetobe~locatedin Furmanstreet,i^earFultou,amitheotherinthebuildingfor- merly occupied by No. 13 in Court^stieet. The action 0/tke Fir* Com* usi-i'-n^rs was contiru'-ed. 'Mr. Ferry ollered a resolution, iu favor of r*<iueMtin« the Hok. James Humphrey, Member of Congress froi-c. this District, to use hie ionuenco to procure the. erection of a suitable building for the purpose* of a Post-Ottice in this city.the_ owner of a life annuity, which by the terms there- all streetrf-oad avenues where not already laid. The subject was to>McCready, Mott it Co. • vi-i^r ' t Hi I. • Ifavor of ^settling thetclaun of Mrs. Feake far damages foran.ac- pilot on board 4 days, with strong N. W. gales.obtainedajudgmentagainsttt*oCityfor 61,500,butagreedto compromise for half that suiii. The reportrr/-ae adopted.*Schr. Dorado (of Beverly), Hipson, St. Keats, N. F., 24dayay, corner of Fourth and South Filth streets, Kasteru District, for hsh to Samuel Crovvell Ai Son. • j J-taken. The noicc awoke Mrs.1 Johnson, who created und tho fellows tHscaped.« we re a.'arr IW4«ASSAULT ON A» .—-1'OTJCKMAN.—Adam' Hauft- — * ••,FATAL AFFRAY AMONG-CHILDREN.—-A week agoNnw-piu.KANH,Feb.27.—COTTONlimi;srlesto-dky,10,500more, srlleis-than buyers, and holders pressing on the market.i.,Amithier, from Madras '>r-rUndon; was in coinpaay 10 days; 15Jth, Int. ~WSi, loo. Ti W IC, was iu company with ship Daylight lat. 2-5 S., Ion. 20 fromthe Isle of S.. Ion. 14 E . , from Colombo for London, 50 day» out; 2911-, i«t. 27 S., lou. 7 E.. exchanged signal* with lir. hark Countess of Wlnton,from Singapore for Liverpool, 7S days out; 8I«, lat. 2« 1* ri., Ion.5 29 K. exchanged Ugnals with Br.--snip Sir Wm. Curtis, from Moulraain for CorK, ill daya out; Jan. 1, lat. 22 30 S., Ion'. 1 1 0 W . , spoke French ship Augustinoj from Feodichcny r<»r Mari»<rill«s, 37 days out; Jan. 22, lat. 2 N., "Ion. 33 30 W., spoke Dutch brig Van Handed, from Buenos Ayr»« Mrs. Beeoner •continues to improve, tboupcb very for Falmouth, Eng.; Feb. 23, b p. m.T Cape May bearing N. W . b': N. 60 milea, spoke bark John Mason, hence for New-Orleans ; slowly. Sboenilero froui neuralgic pa.hio through the Itfth, Barnegathearing N. V\r. 50 miles, took a pilot from boat.Liveryuol Portland jfvdb'birjjh...........Liverpool.....New-Y«»rk...........Fob. 16Jeremiah Conner, James Mou^uiip•*,*•** Tiol'.var—H. A .I THIGH WATEK THIH DAY.Chirk; Savannah, Dunham & IXinon;Caspian, Porter, St. Pi MetxjalfU.Tjnrccn.INO 1ND INO IND INDTHE INI RETAIL: •.-.. Bir 2D. ( ' FANGENERAL THE aArrived.U.S. steam frigate Brooklyn, Capt. Farrajtut, from ?02sacolai-  