 6NEW TORE HERALD, THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 13 1860.-TRIPLB SH11T.'NEW YORK HERALD.samotot Ofofosoa it good mvtrjsed ridleule wh*otbey exhihit tbeir weaJrneasea: but there ore evilsof a different kind to b* comrtatted; tfcww arevices and corruptions to be exposed, and there character, as might be expected from ttotJ &W V . R D © bw V som km em oW m a. *Ifmt '*oteh.Cf chO *ibtioES** wfll mxsbtB from ardent spirits during the week previous totheafi\u>.a*atleastthattimewUlbeioquir-err;ci K. v . cosinu or WASBAC aim PCLTON STS.routs.arisingfromthe) wery nature of a perfectly ft**" for about forty years, as a grateful return for government, and this tt b the mission of our oil the kindness which he received from MBcheap press toj cber*. The purpose of th* best friend. George Sanders has also rooerrtlycheap journalt |n England is political revolu written a letter to the President more Infamoustlon. Here tbejduty of tbe cheap press »* to than famous tor its vituperation and silliness,prevent it Tb* *srw YOK,HI*ALD fa ennwr- after receiving on office from tbe man be now vatiwo—the London atoning JSfo^is ohti-conser- obuses; bat this document of Brooks' beats themeober; they wBl bo carefu1to keep their i clean, to have their boots polished and to glovoo (there mast be some of the Japanese in- voice left); they will also be required to give security that none of then- "intimate persona] friendsfatthe ward" will attempt to pick the pockets of the noblemen In tho Prince's suite; upon no account must any Alderman or Coon cilman open his mouth, as he would bo sure to put his foot in it By strict attention to (fas line of conduct marked ont above, our elegant and accomplished friends of the Hall may manage to pass master In the crowd.In the matter of tbe ball the Aldermen are to bo in a state of strict quarantine. HO smrgons wearing white hots, yellow gloves and blue coat* with brass buttons ore to betod within gunshot of Irvingthe eventful night of that affair. Tho list of managers, which wo reprint else whore, does not contain the name of a single member of the Corporation. They had their fling at the Japanese ball, and a nice moos they mode of t t Now, tho citizens, disgusted with tho vulgarity and shameful extravagance of the Aldermen, have taken matters into their own hands, andwill spend their own money in their own way. And that fa the only means by which the Alder- men con be mode to understand how contempti-BAJLOOB.w Alios'ill THV.*TKk,u i a - w u . o ar taa MOOB.OAff • a i i ' s CAuna-tochiefs of our c|<y democracy for a modest con- tribution of fifty thousand dollars, wberewito to secure their powerful State to the party in their approaching October and November electols?Cot^T PXRSKMT'S PEACE SPKKCH.—The speechthe passengers, mails aad 1800,000 hi till I ill I, which left San Francisco on the 21st nit. Her ad- vices from California have been anticipated bywisdom that animated our forefathers8 I 4let.. ... FortalpCharleston, to the effect that Mr. Monoada, Span-constant talk; has been about "paramounti cvaw1*^ Ww>W*«a>A£ ; prim* white were ana aad ta good lanweat. Taa aalea,*»** \ to arrive hti e, < o•peculation and for export, i n n large- administration of the federal government in at^Core—Tbe receipt* wan tight, aad the market arm at spirit of hostility to a large section of the etc • 18c. for Weet*ra mixed afloat, aad at Tfle. ia store: country, where an abolition agitation willInn tins' Hell, H I Broad w a y . -very curious picture of life in the metropolis, more interesting, too, and more vitally impor- tant to multitudes of people, than many of our readers may suppose. In our triple sheets we give seventy-two columns of reading matter; but that portion of the paper devoted to what is transpiring in the world in tbe shape ot news and editorials is, after all, not the only news department of tbe paper. The adver-tising columns contain, perhaps, as much In- formation of the doings of the community in which we live as any other part of the paper—Recently a a]«ng of those precious Pennsyl v»nia customers applied to some of the financial booby could sign bis name to such a letter es,i Perk was tee* baeyaa* aad active, flates ef foundations of the social edifice. We ore on the were msde it $19 37 a lit 10, tod of newprimeet 111' i . i » I H M . SU*BJ* were buoyant and in gxtod demand, verge of grave events, to which wo hare boon wtth sale* of 1,3C* had*. and 8,«00 boxes at rates give* brought by narrow-minded politicians and sel-FI S B U rrom P*»»B*wlvsmte>B $*e^ewe»f ww"«'**•:...yard?, including Bergen Hill, were 4,627 beeves, 119 row*. CIO calves, 12,80S sheep and lamba aad */;» swine.Ti hair*, cl.aing oa tbe baat* of 10 j«. for middling uplands,yratsraayi the f*esmM of floor wart tight tad sal** mode rate, tad at ttaker quotatou* for BOM grade* of But* aad Wamra whit*. Extra oread* vr'» uM*e*grd. toutaara was steady aad tn fair d-m*ou, with moderate eale*. Onstaiot graflaa of wheat were heavy, while amber apaaafl and*+-*- -!—* —to be reduced to the republicanber That »r<me' madman »»vte a fow letters {They must, nowrvex, come well^ fa ftTWi*.^ ligaj*f-aaataKauai*«id«i*« roundjeUewatTie,aadSoutbemyeliowatTie.aTie.break up trade and credit and shake the varyvotive and rodieal.all for its insolence and stupidity.Some years ago, in describing too mentalcalibre of the Hon, James Brooks, not having time to portray his character with that detailed accuracy which one devotes to men of importance and mark in the world, wo desig- nated him oo "Booby" Brooks, thinking that the phrase embodied about all that woo necessary in order to convey a comprehensive idea of tbe individual; but some people thought that we were too bard upon hbn. After reading this letter, however, perhaps they may think that we were not short of she mark at oil.It te not very long since Mr. Brooks, In his paper, wos abusing the President for Inter- fering in some local election or other, and now he is abusing him for not interfering with the election in Maine. Who but a consummatelil1* ""I0*.—Cauw BOAST Bear.7 m .T P I P I T? Q. £*rT?l?T I>£. OllXjllila13. I860The l e w t iThe steamship Ncrtb. Star, from Aapinwall 4th Compromise of 1850 was a measure conceivedarrived at this port yesterday. She brings and carried out in the true spirit of politicaleditions ofLIST AKB NUMBEB OV AOYXRnsiMKNTB PrBLISMEDish Consul In that city, offers a large reward for the Southern rights/' their policy has been aof parties. What does a retrospect of our po-litical hhstory for the past ten years show? TheKtiutoclalTobaoco wd aegars. ..12 Houses and room*2 wanted — 84 P o l i t i c a l . . . . ; « 27 The ball season 1 80 Furniture 0applicants, in Ihe end. If they can get nothing better, will be jsatinfind to follow the example of that famous philosopher who applied to Gen. Jackson in the outset for the mission to England, and was content at last to leave Wash ington with the present of an old pair of breeches, W^ therefore admonish our New York democratic financiers to shut their eyes to the doleful petitions of said Pennsylvania party mendicants, for every penny of tbe money which jfbey ask, and touch more, will be needed to rescue New York from the grasp of the block republicans.an end."touching the campaign of 1856 in Pennsylvania what has been done in the post by his master, butTheatrical aad amusementsMvsical Hotels Sporting •Steamboats Married Diedfrom Soudi or Central America, excepting from New Granada. The Legislature of Panama met onotherin theBoarding and81 Oonotn bo»rd 89ception, and wonder what is to come next. if the wise ones could only tell.Ah.declaration of our independence,the establishment of the confederation, the Situations, wanted, fe-the overland express, and she brings no news adoption of the constitution, and the settlement naieaHelp wanted, females.. 00 Dentistry 4 Situation* wanted, Astroloty 8 male* 81 Sales of r*al estate.. 48 the 1st teas., aad the Governor's message declares was carried to the verge of dissolution by agra- Help wanted, male*... 48 The turf 8 7 Horar?, carriage*, fe StM. de Persigny sets out by stating that he is about to examine the probabilities of peace being maintained; but after attentively follow- ing him through his positions we own that we are unable to arrive with him at the conclusion that -the military rdk of France in Europe is atof sectional discords in 1820, when the Unionrian agitators and demagogues. In the battle Special notice*that ia case htosqnera succeeds in overthrowing Too late for classifica-Osptna's government, Panama will at once de- for its acceptance, the giant intellects of the tionwell received by the members. Another item ing array on questions of minor policy—Benton, Newspai.ursia the arrest ef Mr. Blum, an Ameri- Personal Calhoun, Cass, Clay, Webster, and a host of Loet aad foundcitiaen i ashling at Bnenaveatara, for colleagues—fought side by aide in the Senate, Rewardsto meet a note given some time | Medical and secured the victory for the cause of politi- InstructionRailroads17 Hale* at auctionclare herself independent. This sentiment was past generation, who had often stood in oppos- MilitaryOoparUifftaip notices. 14 New oublicatioo*sjnstean House authorities of Boena- cal wisdom and national statesmanship. It was Tbe trade* . . . . . . IS Bualnea* notice* OTwhich should not be overlooked. For the partyobjects of that campaign there was a certain ture. Ho assure* us it is true that with the sub-Turkish and Italian questions, will require o vast deal of diplomacy before they con bo settled.ItjH a * a ^ a v * w ***^ *a n^jy^^^w^the prompt interfe- the last great not of the Inst generation, the ge-Total number of Advertisement* 1,191Chevalier Forney entrusted with the disburse-of the OhJssd States Consul, who was al- neration of expounders of the constitution.apprehension of one Jose Solano Alvear, who has Southern league, their propagandism has aimed ter ; oven the advertising columns, which manyabscondedfromHavana with a million and a half of at familiarizing the Idea of n dissolution of the suppose to bo dull and tedious, are full of lifemont cause in Pennsylvania. Near the close oftbe canvass he produced, as wo know, vouchersof purchases made of a dozen little KnowNothing Pennsylvania newspapers, more ordollars ef private funds entrusted to him in his ca- Union to their constituents. In the impracticalpacity of Havana agent of the Credito fepanol, ofMadrid. stipulations of the Kansas Nebraska bill, inThe Dougias democratic demonstration and bar- the openly proclaimed policy of Southern ex- becue at Jones' Wood yesterday was a grand af- tension for the purpose of extending the insti-roast ox, banners and artillery, and several pro* miscuousfights,to enliven the scene. See oar re- port into-day'spaper.The Massachusetts Democratic State Con- influences which would overwhelm them withand interest, and fresh every day.THB CHEAP PRESS DT ENGLAND A$DICA.—Among the most promising reformsin England, and the most encouragingsymptoms of her progress towards thefull development of the freedom of thepeople, which hitherto has been of veryslow growth, is the adoption of a cheap popu-lar press in London, after the example of NowYork. Here the monopoly of a high priced,in contemplation to repeat the game that other, .id if ever oar old friend tbe Lion getsfair.Mr.DouglasandMr.Johnson,thecandidatestutionofslavery,inaninsaneadvocacyofa for President and Vice President, were there, and reopening of the African slave trade, in spite made speeches, as did also Mr. Morehead, of Ken- of the evident spirit of the age, they have com- tucky, aad others. There were betweenfifteenand mitted themselves, and the people they repre- twenty thousand people on the ground, and music,recollection,therewasaremainingbalanceof todemandcompensationintheshapeofterri- commercialandotherwise,thatbindthoold some fifteen thousand dollars of his capital tory for the increased strength which its annex- Mr. Bull and young Mr. Jonathantogether,wevention met at Springfield yesterday. TheBreckinridge men abandoned the meeting, -and the Convention nominated n Stateultimate defeatthe enterprise of individuals who' established aA similar shortsightedness and want of states- ticket, headed with the name of Eraatua D. Beach manship have created a like contracted andspoils and plunder. Consequently it de- moval of the stamp duty from newspapers, volves upon jour New York political finan-for GoTernor, Presidential electors at large werealso nominated, and resolutions in accord with the statesmen of old have been displaced by dema-Douglas platform were adopted. like Breckin- gogues of one idea—that African slavery is a ridge State Convention, and the Bell-Everett State great moral, social end political evil—and Convention, respectively, met at Boston and North- all their measures and all their policy have amp ton yesterday.The Breckinridge democracy of Connecticut as- been directed to the stimulating of a politicalciers to keep to the windward of those suspi- though it removed a burthen of one penny cious Pennsylvania privateers until they reducesembled at Mew Haven yesterday and nominatedan electoral ticket. The nominees were instructedto vote tor Breckinridge, if their votes wBl elect the people have been taught to believe thathaustible resources of their glorious old State,in iron, cool and petroleum, why Is it that they territory, that he has boon forced to it by cir-htm, and friling in this, for any man that wfll de- feat Lincoln.their highest political duties consist in abolish- ing slavery everywhere, and the popular catch- words of "free soil, free speech and free men"cumstances that he has hod no hand in creat- ing. Such fa his mode of arriving at his ob- jects. A very Uriah Heep among the pro- fessorsofkingcraft,heIsmosttobodistrustedTbe bark Weather Gage .which baa been loadingatpier44Northriver,hauledoutonTuesdayeven- haveripenedintothedeclarationofon"irre-At all events, let them keep away their demo-craticmendicantsfromNewYorkthistime;for oil the funds that con be raised among our when he fa in the self deprecatory mood.mercantile democracy will be wanted at home-Indeed, as the i brunt of this battle is thrown THE PROGRESS OF THE PKTNCE OF WALES— superb; so let oar Weston friend be comfort- upon New York, we should think that the sly PREPARATIONS FOB THE BALL.—All's well thatold wealthy democratic codgers of Pennsylva- ends well, and therefore everybody ought tonia would only bo doing one good turn for be delighted to know that the Orange coloredmany In hauling out from their hiding places cloud which for a moment obscured the sun ofing sad anchored Oder Jersey City. Suspicions pressible conflict;" the incendiary teachings ofbeta* entertained that she wan about to be en- Helper, recommended by sixty-eight Northern gaged in the slave trade. Surveyor Hart yesterday metnbti* of Congress; the theory of Spooner,morning, together with two United Statea officers, endcrstd by Seward, that every slave can be proceeded oa bonrd and seined her. She remains liberated t>v habeas corpus; the raid of John in charge of the officers until an investi?;itto •. can Brown in *t*4 South, and the initiation of the be had.The Emigration Commissioners adopted a reso- reign ofterrorfrom Virginia to Texas. This islatica vesterdajr increasing the salary of Dr. Ster- the course and tendency of the block republi- ling, the medical examiner at Castle Garden, from can party. Not that every black republican is tl,*)© to 11.500 per annum. A resolution wan a revolutionary abolitionist There ore manyed. If the panic of 1857 knocked the West into a cocked hat the harvest of 1860 wfll put her all straight again.adopted on the subject ef making more ampleandproperprovisionforthecomfortandsafekeep- whomthefeelingofanti-slaveryisasentimentformed, "very much dilapidated;" the "no sur- render" fellows at Belleville have caved ining of thetomateson Ward's islands, by alterations and addition* to the southerly brick building for that purpose, aad that the subject bereferredto the Wardu Uand CssnrnHls.i to report to the Board. Mr. Curti. iaformed the Board thatthere are between too and 300 lunaticson Blackwen** aad Ward'a Island at present, andthat there are a large number la dinerent parts ofthe .state which cost tbe Coniniawouerethit* dollarsa week each, which wfll be considerably reducedby tringingthem to Ward's Island and tsJjS ears claims of the narrow-minded politicians who Of them therein the southerly brick;bufldtog,tf it be have swarmed in all the political organizations, enlarged. Tbe number ef emigrants landed here are presenting the prize of victory to the most during the peat week waa 2,441, which make* the-FULL FEATHER.—For somewl.tie numberforthe present yearsofor,7i,m. The commutation balance is now 115^90 M.Ci'tnel Christian Schwaxswaelder, of the Fifth regiment. Jeflerson Hoard, waa the recipient of a very e'.egaat and veil deserved U»timonial—con- aiating of a solid silver tea service—yeeterday; a giftfromthefield,staff aad Hae officers of bis com-the right* of the people, and will sweep away the most obnoxious remnants of feudalism.This progress is owing in a great degree tothe increased intercourse of England with theUnited States in recent years. Here, in thiscity, twenty-five years ago, there was a preten-live at the Fifth Avenue Hotel In the same waymand. The presentationtookplace at the colonel'svulgar, Ill-bred, incompetent and thick-headed Aldermen. Thus the debate in the Kingston Common Council fa quite equal in its way tomemoTO THE EDITOR OP TBE HXRAU).Maw Y eas, Sept. 12.1809.sent, to a policy and measures that would be destructive to their own interests if successful, and which could not attain a possible tempora- ry success without violating natural laws andstock for which he never produced, and was ation will give to Sardinia ? Is the French occu- never re quired to produce, any vouchers at all. pation of Syria a fact which has no significance, From this gose of Forney, and this case of or ore we to take it as an explanation of theFord, the inference is natural enough that the phrase •' that the military role of France inEurope is at an end ?'' Unless these points re-intend to do tbe handsome thing by the Prince of Wales. And a very handsome thing it will be, too, unless we ore greatly "iMsfrenTHE WHEAT WORSHIPPERS OF TOE METROPO- LIS.—A Western paper Is forcibly struck with tbe fact that when a Western merchant enters a wholesale store in Now York this year of mag-nificent crops ho fa treated with "profuse ci- vility," while he used to get the. cold shoulder a year ago, and thereupon argues that tho me- tropolis bos Its "cotton worshippers" and "wheat worshippers," as well as its nigger worshippers. New York fa strictly a commer- cial dry, says this Western journal, and it fa undoubtedly correct in making this wise an- nouncement New York merchants, wo opine, like to trade with men who have some bock- bone; and as cotton comprises tho dorsal verte- bra of the Southern purchaser, and wheat those of the Western, they are each received in our warehouses with a welcome according to their standing. Quito natural, we should think; no onefaanxioustoopenanaccountwithaman whose stock in trade and resources are reduced to a minimum. Tbe grain crops tins year aretransitory political growth in the North. Theagainst which the aristocratic papers contended,warfare against it. The hails of Congress havethe London Morning Star, which is now estab-lished for a period of five years, has a large cir-culation, is extremely democratic in its views, and crowing about the great wealth and inex-been filled with propagandists of this one idea;and has been eminently successful. It wages incessant war against the privileged' daises who are pensioned upon the people, and It stands up boldlj for the rights of the masses, and the overthrow of time honored abuses by theadvancingwavesoffreedomandciviliza- tion. The aristocratic journalists—and chief among them the Morning Post—turn up their noses at the cheap papers, which are in tie hands of the people. But these powerful poli- tical engines are gradually and steadily work- ing a revolution in the country, by diffus- ing intelligence among the masses, who ne- ver touch journals of eight cent respect- ability, like the Post The cheap pa- pers con afford to laugh at the assumption of the old fogy stilted press, which ministers to the pride and passions and interests of the aris- tocracy who patronise it They toe1 their strength lies in the march of intellect and In the pulsations of the popular heart, and that it is no longer in the power of the titled nobili- ty to crush a free and popular press, nor to ar- rest the progress of that mighty movement which will result In the consummation of a second revolution, completing what the revo- lution of 1688 left undone. The first laid low the divine right of kings; the second, if it do not abolish the House of Lords, will so reducefmen among them who are conservative, withof her most unarming performances.bly last Bight, aad the improvement in her acting was so marked as to he generally noticed. Brigooii and Aaodio were both in tine voles, aad gave the prima dean* the most efficient support.rather than a principle of political action; but the ultra radicals and abolitionists have se- cured the control of their party organization,and are determined to exercise itBOOBY BROO4S INdays past the newspapers have been publishing a letter from die Hon. James Brooks, formerly a member of Congress from this city, and editor of an evening newspaper, to the President of tbe United Stales, which, from its extraordinary character, we thought was a bogus document— a practical joke of some funny fellow or other; but this is not so ; for, from the fact that Mr. Brooks' own organ publishes and adopts i t it appears that fie letter i genuine. It is about themostimpudentandabsurdaffair everpub- lished. Here is the letter:—Newcastle has mode everything pleasant with the Mayor of Toronto, and the men who were the leaders of the rebellious Orangemen have thrown up their caps the highest of all who have done homage to the true Prince.As for the city of New York, the great pro-blem of what shall be done with the Prince, orOn ttua evening "La Travhrta" win he given, with -These sectionalism and extreme agitators do not possess the support of the majority of the people; but the divisions among the conserva- tive mosses, through the selfish and personalMa FOBKBBT'S Raynuti —ine orchestra seats aad pri- vate boxes for Mr. fbrrest's first appearance, Monday, 17th, ("Hamlet,") will be sold at auction ia the theatrerabid and destructive of the fanatical minori- its power as to render it more compatible withtary review and a firemen's parade. He fa toties. H may be that the conservative masses ef New York and the Central States may yet »*e the government from the clutch of the •boliaVmiate who ore bent on making war on j^rhjhte of the Scat*. But the chance is a •"•*• •*•» « d our own demagogues seem bwtondeatrejlngit, It kthnw, therefore, farappears that the Canadian troubles of tbe vice-regal party were much aggravated by tho in-•urnmrr were tbe theme of wonder all over tbe world, ia augnratee a serie* of similar exhibition* to-morrow ai Jones' Wood, when he will stake an ascension on the eoraV tendue, for tne first time la the neighborhood of thl* city. The rope pravidea for the oeeaptoti is 8.000 feet In length,tious sixpenny press, which gave no intelligenceetegant resil—l at Dobbs' Phrry. Ine cere- n, ^L l ! r*' ^ o u * *° ooooider what they to the people, and waa chiefly read by a few few exceptions. Oared to speak or act wtth say efficiency,monies were of the moat uttereating and fsJUpll character, bat our repeat • •neeaaarir/ omitted an ecconat of the acesa of ether matter. |TUemarketforbeefcattlewaasteady atabout last week's prices. The receipts were consider- abfrlighter,batthesupplywaanevertheteasam-snobs. A cheap press waa than established, even in a mere State election ! Hence a heroic army of will do in the wewnt of Lincoln's election, and rank and file, going to battle without their customaryIa view c' the hue melancholy accident ea Lake Mi- anything that our conscript lathers ever did. It chigan, aad the perils attending * trip on the lakes, 1pie. Mill h cows continued slow of sale at previt •]- rates. Veal calves were not so plenty, andI i .ight full prirea^—rangiagfrom3g to 7 cents pert* utd. Sheep and lambs were in fair request at baa in store for them.polis, but by thousanda in every part of thecountry, while the sixpenny journals are scarce-views, but in a broad, comprehensive1 philosophic spirit as patriots and as amen laboring for the good of futuretions as well as of the present Lot calmly look the future in the face, and set their h»nse in order for the comingencies that now seem to be unavoidable. And it will be wellfor the men of New York and Pennsylvania, whose valt interests ore protected only by the fraternity of all within the Union, to consider what will be the effect upon themselves of theoroticlevel; our powerless codfish aristocracy onlyabusing Old HJokor5,ond theyperfection in killing off the writer, an object for which they were not at ail intended, of course. Forney has written eomo tatters addressed to the President of a very abtmtvo ami vrrhjar• W *CojpomaipPamwVfoV fayawPWMiwMf,loW«MJ*vVI B oUvrAs Christian bllgrims of all persuasions and ia another column. OoOee wts firmer, with ealee of 600 fl>h demagogues. It is time for the country, from all quartets of the globe gather togetheraaaa Bloat U\o ,exd 1.200 do. Laguayra •* p. t. a telegraphic despatch wis received by a hoaao ia this city Baltimore report IDR a ssle of 4,200 bags Rio, ax » J | end ex Red Wing, atl«c.,end that MM htfB wen ta treaty Freights wan more steady, withNorth as well as South, to pause, to consider what it is about to do, and to prepare for the disasters that will follow..at the Holy 8ee)alchre. «*d o %hm Money collect- ing spent* of dll sorts or scbemes, societie". companies and political factions bend their step to the city of New York, under the idea that here they {will be amply repaid for their journey and their labors. But of all these in- numerable claws of money beggars, the politi- cal mendicants who come over here from Penn- sylvania, from |lme to time, during every Presi dent al canvass, to collect tbe sinews of war for party purposes in tbe Keystone State, are the most impudent and tbe most contemptible.OIR ADVBBTiantG NBWSTo Loadoa ratai were arm, aad 2,000 boxes chasss wan vertising columns of the HERALD present aengagements of wheat, ta ship's hags, for Liverpool, at 13d engaged tt Cos , dad 200 aalea of hope at * i.tf the C.mp.lgn-Ttroe for the Soath to Set It* H«*te* i s OrderThe pretent aspect of the political campaign indicates prettv clearly that for the next four years W shall have a federal ad ministration conducted upon anti-slavery principles and an abolition policy.It is time, therefore, for the mow of the South pat their house in order. We have been brought to this state of things by the unwiseCOLUMNS.—The i dconduct nod exaggerated ideas of the email the wants, desires, occupations of our people—Southern an weH as Northern politicians, who, a photograph, as it were, of daily life in Now tions. But no attention having, been paid toof Count de Persigny ot the opening sitting of ble they have made themselves and the govern-tbe Council General of the department of the ment they pretend to administer. Never woo a Loire,onthe26thult,Is,wepresume,intended cutneaterormoredecided.LetushopethatBAU*SOEroadway.-Boaas, bythemoreforceofnumbers,havegained York.Here,forexample,isthelistofthead- poeaesaion of political party organizations alltillsdemand,itwas.aftersomediys'reflection cut down to the figure of twenty thousand This reduction failing in its turn to pro duce a draff upon Wall street, the bill, we understand| has been graciously razeed toae another imperial peace manifesto. It does not seem, however, to have produced a very inspirit- ing effect on tbe Paris or London money market Threatening pamphlets and pacific speeches follow each other in such rapid auccession that people have begun to regard each new issue with pretty much tbe same amused in- credu'oufness with which they would look upon tbe performances of a proieseor of legerdemain. They are tickled with the cleverness of the de-its effect will bo salutary.As to the boll itself., everybody fa quite agreed that it will be a grand affair. It bin- tended to make this file as splendid as Urn Eu- ropean court balls, without their stateliness and tiresome formalities. In one, and a mostimportant respect, we can outshine any court We refer to the fair dames and domoi- celies who will grace too Academy with the lustre of their presence. The most dis- tinguished foreigners—those who con find nothing el«e good in America—are unanimous In praise of the beauty of our women. The Prince, who seems to be a susceptible young man. will be captivated beyond doubt The ladies of the McFlimeey family are already to a terrible state of mind over the important ques- tions of who wfll be there, what fa to be worn, and—tho moot important of oil—with whomvertisements which appeared in theover the country, and, using them for their ownpotty and selfish purposes, have driven states-men and men of intellect from position inthe councils of government and the leadership Shippingyesterday:—IN TDK HERALD OK SSPTBlfSBB 12, I860. 20 Loan officesli ten thousand, j At this rate we suspect that th»«4 Houses and room* to•I 48Milllpery168 Matrimonial 1S 82 , 4 1 10 11 , 8 8 10 SS Wtaasaad liquor*.... 11 Excursions1 Miscellaneous 14 Clothing14 Billiard*In this connection there ore certain factsHis speech is simply a vindication ofcontains no pledge oo to his policy for the fu- will the Prince dance? These matters, Uke theS UanetngIS Dry goods, *clodging 172into the capacious pockets of the disbursing cheap and vigorous press for the people; agents thereof, as so much legitimatethe vague gencr&lisms in which M. de Persigny indulges, we cannot regard as any more certain than before the peaceful prospects that he holds out to Europe.The truth is that the French Emperor, hav- ing set the ball of revolution in motion, is pre- pared to take advantage of events without re- gard to the empty phrases with which he amuses the world from time to time.. Just as he modestly tells as that it was Europe itself that has subverted tbe treaties of 1815, ho will by and by assure us, in*making another haul ofwhereas in London the change Is due to the re-(two cents) per copy from themselves. Foremost among the cheap English papers istheir demands to the reasonable margin of old clothes, or public documents, or campaign speeches, or something of that sort Besides, as the Pennsylvanians are incessantly blowingcannot raise their electioneering funds among themselves ?those old, long: blue yam stockings full of gold, royalty in Canada has been dispersed. The ACADBVT or Memo.—The MParttaai" was gives hwtElectioneer!!.. Ppotla-PolHtcolMCtWdt-version of the political system of 1815 the work Here are nearly twelve hundred people ment of funds raised in this city, to the extent of | of France is achieved and the mission of thereadyinvestigatingthesubject,andpromisedthatSincethenwhatdowefindIntbehistoryofspeakingtheirwantsandannouncingtheirsomefiftythousanddollarsormore.ManyIn-newempireaccomplished.Butarethosestate-ThetrueintentofthofHeinhonorofthestrict justice should be rendered to Mr. Blum. our political de?elopement ? The past ten years There is not a wordfromthe interior, and no news exhibit only petty politicians, striving forfrom the contending parties since the victory of power through the devious ways of local andHerran in Santandor, which ia confirmed. By a sectional agitation. From the South there have letter received from Mansanttla, on the Isthmus, of been sent to the halls of Congress only menPanama, dated August 27, the escape of GeneralUragafromGuadalajara fa spoken of ascertain. possessed of one idea—that the institution ofThe etoop-of-wer Brooklyn, with the United Statea African slavery is the perfection of all social surveying party known an the Chiriqui Commis- organization—and the measures they have ini- sion, arrived at Boca del Togo dn the 23d ult., all tiated, and the policy of government they have weR. endeavored to establish, have corresponded toWe have received a telegraphic despatch from this narrow basis of their public action. ' Theirbusiness in one day; for be it remembered that nocent people have supposed that Forney's ex- ments definite as to their meaning? There re- Prince con scarcely -be misunderstood. It faby no means an expression of adoration for royalty per se. Kings, as kings, wo value or despise exactly according to their public acts. Vide Victor Emanuel and Francis H. of Naples. But our English guest represents the sovereign of a country with which we have more trade than a n / other , of a people with whom we are in the most intimate connection. New York fa thecommercial metropolis of tbe Union. London and Liverpool have done much to moke it oo. The English ore good customers to us; we are good customers to them. We make a good deal of money out of each other, one way and an-these are nearly all fresh advertisements,handed in and paid for over tbe counter theday before yesterday, which are all read wtthavidity by some one—not like the advertise-ments in other journals, which stand for amonth, or it may be a year, until they becomestole. These advertisements belong to tbe dayon which they appear, and compose a part oftbe life and the news thereof, like any othermatterinthepaper—tomanypeople morein-teresting and more important No portion of a raised in New York and elsewhere tbe sum of great metropolitan journal, then, is dead mat- twenty thousand dollars in behalf of the Fre-^^^tois a tendency to UoeoHoa«o*ss and revolution, source, efter enjoying bisfriendshipand favors od before they can bo thoroughly or "cold 'penditure of that money, in buying up certain mains of the arrangements of 1815 sufficient to hungry Know Nothing lodges, saved the State. give employment to the restless energies of theThis fact, however, has never been establish- Emperor and to convulse Europe in tbe efforted. We know, from the late Congressional Co- to complete their overthrow. How is he going vode Investigating Committees that Forney got to dispose of the Swiss question, supposing thatthe money and appropriated it; but having burn- a new congress insists upon bis recognizing theed the vouchors of his disbursements, we know no more. On the other side, in the same cam- paign, there was afinancialagent of the. name of Ford—familiarly known as Tom Ford—whoneutrality of the districts of-Savoy guaranteed by tbe treaties of 1815! What policy is he prepared to pursue in regard to Venice, assum- ing that the war of revolution is carried there* and is rolled back by Austria into Lombardy ? Then as regards Naples, how ore we to construe the letter of Prince Mnrat to his adherento? Does it not look as if the Emperor had itless, at cash prices, ranging from two hundred divert the popular vote in favor of a mem-to five hundred dollars; but to the best of our ber of his own family, and, failing in mat'lion's share of j these political party contribu-worthless, snobbish journalism existed as well asin London, But here it was overshadowed by tions, to save the State of Pennsylvania, goes ceive a clearer elucidation than Is contained infor the purpose of giving a generous lift in this crisis to the conservative cause in New York.NEW YOKK, Sept. 8,1800. TO TBS PMSTDEyi OF TBI UsTfltD STATSB :—Maine votes for abolitionism. Monday next, the 10th, and you are responsible for it. The same Northern revo- luticn that rescued Rhode bland, and almost rescued Connecticut, was| rescuing the ship building, freighting, manufacturing, trading -state of Maine, and you have put a stop to it. The bosta of your office holders that line tor hundreds ef Wiles Maine'* indented sea coast aad the hosts or postmaster* tbat dot every village of the interior, trembling in fete ofremoval from you, have not, withfamous Orange arch at Toronto is, we are in- Bight to the best house of the season so far. adeliaaPatti's Elvira ia well known to the operatic public as onethe prospective admiimm^ttoa of the foderal which has grown up into an institution furnish general*, will be routed by the well drilled enemy.Upon you is all the responsibility. One word from you, is a dear case of arcades arnbo between the pair wish to state tbat oa the BBWOaag of the SOttt August,*TM»TM« N • r t a ^ * ^ ^ 0 , ^ 1 , ing the earliest and most reliable intelligence and we all could have merrily sung. "Mora breaketh ia hostility to the social organisation ot fifteen to the people of all that happens, and it is not tbe oast,' •&c.,&c. The same responsibility ia now rest-of them. In consequence of this circumstance, about oa* o'clock, a short time after leaving the port of Oswego tat the lake steamer, we were rut into by a and In view of the fact that the visit of the •cbooaer. tad vary narrowly escaped the fate of the o*• Princeisratheranimportantmatterforus,we fortunateps—ssjsiirsontheLadyElgit. ThecightwasTery dark and it raiaad hard. Aflsr the axUlOnoa, which have concluded to manage tbe affair without the mad* a heavy oopcuwton and waa felt by almost everypaaneager except BOSS* who war* not twakeaed, it was aid of the Common Council. The Mayor will stated from the wheel house that our escape was truly do the civic honors in a quiet, gentlemanly way; providential The aehooner carrfcd no tight*, and un- discovered what heading directly lor the hows of thebut the Aldermen will be entirely Ignored, un- steamer. The engine* were Immediately stopped asi, ing upon you in tho Fmpire State. One word from you, sovereign States. ^•S«wardhssil;sfgBjminood onlyreadbythenroititudeinthisgroatmetro- aadwehavebutoneelectoraltickettorunagainstthethe progr-mme of Lincoln's r!->*rfr|*|^ fa hja **> cent speeches inMichigan. and there Ota ho no doubt of what, under such guidance, the futureThe men of the South should come at once cheap prow here possesses a power for good this frightful reapoasibiliiyV iiours, respectfully.ly ever seen, unless in the bonds of a few old sectional, geographical President, purposely selected to Untitled Document make war upon organised society In fifteen States of our fogy gentlemen who ore behind the ago. The Inion. Will you, In New York a* la Maine, shouldercommon enemy. , Or if ethers run a ticket to spite of you, it will not poll vet-* enough to rank among the respecta- ble scattering. >ou and you alone can sow unite the op- postton of the North. .ad forbid the election of a Northern1A. "XAVVOfO*-»tAViliVU4TCVwVCUUJ ,be played in the Duchies by endeavoring tointo any very serious difficulty the Eagle wfll be glad to help him out So, to express our good feeling and our recognition of. the ties,XVand implored the Prince to return; the Duke ofJ*_AACO«A«Jrather the Baron Renfrew—as he drops all thisroyal state alter crossing the frontier—has boon WALLACE'S TBAMTBI will he opened for the season oo duly solved. We ore to give him a ball, a mili- this evening. A new version of oae of Scribe's bestcomedies will he produced, with a fine distribution.Buurnnt is Niw YOBK The renowned Btoodia.'as any other traveller. As to his reception, it wonderful feat* upon a tight rope over Niagara Fal* lastcompetence of municipal officials, and that NewYork is not the only city that is cursed with and wUl he etovaied a distance of 800 feet from the ground.'••••'-• •"Mme. Cor teal, Musiani and Amodio. On Friday, '•Martha, ' a lib Patti aad BrtoaolL The "Sicilian Vesper*" will b* revived oa Monday.She aaag admira- -r.* 0 to 16, with occasional sales at higher prices. ?-v tne were very plenty and slightly lower onThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comJAMBS BROOKS.less they go to work immediately and mend fhalv m m i u n Tf flMHAntahla thftv m a v I,A tn.we received tbe ooacuaaiaa about amidahip*. and siuukv- to a ferry heat striking tbe fenders when entering her •Up. Surety some regulations more ttringaat that theThisfa a smasher. 