 rtHow to Cultivate and Preserve Celery. By Theophilus Roessle. pondence of Sir Philip's and of his Father, the Doctor,Edited with a Preface. By Henry S. Olcott. 8vo. pp. whoeo translation of " Horace " was more famous in the French chasseurs on their model, who soon, for &c, now largely imported into San Francisco, are• «wrecked off Santa Rosas Island, has been docked, andtries. In Germany, the Bavarian Lieut.-Col. Keioh- enbach experimented with a small rifled gungers. This is certainly extraordinary progress for localities which, when last uncovered of snow, pos- sessed little interest beyond the other wild territory around. Beside the discoveries at this point, silver, commonly associated with lead ores, and gold, also, is found at numerous points along the range of the eastern slopes, from Honey Lake on the north-west to Mono Lake on the south-east, points about 200 miles apart. The precious metals have also been found 150 miles east of Carson City, and it is said that the indications are favorable that a large por- tion of the territory.thus included is likely to prove auriferous and argentiferous. The gold met with is reported to contain so much silver that it is valued at only about $9 per ounce, or less than two-thirds theworth of the gold found on the other side of the Sierra Nevada. If the reports brought from the mines are correct, there would appear to be native alloys of silver and gold in whioh the silver ia the prevailing metaLiV^TTF.utiwm- »i»M« ftse"n*W* I*no. pp. **. y.• ^ ^ ^ 3 t f 4 Burning •*«**» **** m a * b ^ S k W i ^ l " ^ ^ * 1 0 0 fa * > * # * * « • * »<WW.PUBLICATIONS.6u« ^«C wvuKwu-ivouuig, <WM.^^^M«v«,Hy^*»>*«^~-~willJbe^iu»tified.Jn.their purchases who have paid «**»»»„* ,corjoidair, J^^differen^ ofveiite»Sfi^N a p 0 1 * ^ daV. too—inthe None of her previous writings jH*k*Midb» P«>/n#& expenditure of obscure and in-flated ibeioric, or exhibit BOlittle of the earnest tender- oeee o/ feeling, and the sweet felicities of phrase, which characterize the nobler productions of her genius.Much must be forgiven to intensity of conviction and©motion, in view of events which take their coloringfrom the hnagniation of the poet, rather than from thesagaiity ofacoolobserver;butahehashererunriotinfoe indulgence of artistic lawlessness, in a mannerwhich must tempt the patience of her sineerest ad-ber£in i694;_ithas eightgrooves and a bore of aboutfcdtfenV deTCv** to i>*negyric o n^^speak of the tunnels (adits) cormnenoed for reach- ^ ' * :10 toool^Pf^^^^P "-two inches diameter.During the whole of the 18thingthe vein at low depths bd<m".tiieir ymio^^/^style of ^k^pogTapby.To strangle the weak, ;.•• And, countmgthe sin for asm, Your soul shall be sadder withinThan the word ye shall speak:. This is the curse. Write.':...century; experiments were made, both in Germanyand in England, with rifled cannon, some of thembwech-loading. Though the calibers were small,4a ''hi** s^ J .. , /-.- p,!\l-9f;at the pki, haveinsiste'jxtsw-xt^i&iv lAamujc wmmm*<mw PAJJA/^UJA.JL, AH JUHAJ ., i p ^thought and expression, with which so many of its the hieroglyphic, or sacred character and dialect. stanzas aroeisfigured.The latest advices from Lieut. Mullan's wagon-road expedition state that it was in winter quarters. The road is completed about 300 miles from Fort Walla- Walla, and is to be finished to Fort Bento by nextu ^sl^^^taiiiwyt^,.^.^,!^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069' A CT7RSE FOR A NATION.—William Howitt's new novel " The Man of the People," though meeting with success io England isPROLOGUE.I heard an angel speak last night,; And he said, " Write!Wfi*e a Nation's curse for me,And eeod it over the Western Sea."I faltered, taking up the word: * " Not *o my lord!If curtee must be, choose anotherTo send thy curse against my brother." F o r i am bound by gratitude, „ > By love and blood,TO brothers of mine across the sea, Who stretch out kindly hands to me."" Therefore," the voice 8aid, " shalt thou write My curse to-ni«ht.Frcm the somasit* of Jove a curae is driven, As lightning is from the tope of Heaven."" Not so," I erawered. "Evermore M.y heart is soreFar my own iauo 's aiu*: for little feet Of children bleeding along the street;" For park*d-up honors thu gainsay Toerf^frtof ^ay:Foralmegi*rog through a door that is Not open enough for two friends to kiss:" For love of freedom which abates ~ Beyond the Straits:For patriot virtue starved to vice on Self-praise, self-interest, and suspicion:" For an oligarchic Parirom-eat, Ana bribes well meant. .What cures to another land assign. When heavy-eouled for the sins of mine 7" There/ore/' the voice said, " shall thou write Iffy curse to-night.Because thou hast strength to tee and hate A fool thing done within thy gate."" Not so," I answered once again. -.'>• ** To curse, choose men.For I, a woman, have only knownHow the heart melts and the tears run down."probably too local in its character to be reprinted. It Fall, The men were all living in tents, the weather describee the career of a young man of liberal tenden- being very cold and disagreeable, with plenty of snowStill, the arming of the whole French artillery with12-pounders, even of a diminished range, would this direction, till it is lost in Carson* Lake. ThisV-:" Therefore," the voice said, "shalt thou write Jffy curse to-night.Some women weep and curse, I say, (And no one marvels,) night and day." And thou shalt take their part to-night, Weep and write.A curte from the depths of womanhood Is very salt, and bitter, and good."So ions I wrote, and mourned indeed, ' • What all may read.And thus, as was enjoined on me, I send it over the Western Sea,throw much light—from Eastern the vexed questions connected with?"•?•*•v-".•The accounts, however, as to the character of the metallic products are as yet quite vague, so that one< • »curse.' \ Write. $£££%*?* etanding straight^foremce^iworyte. V ^m> footing an the thneTHZ CVRSt. S 'i .'•.;e* ye have broken your own chain JS£ .TOn,the strain^J^nietxcnniMng a Nation's tight,£** •?e8^JJ>*«rdown with brandand thongbeing brought more directly into contact with the nerves involved in the disease. On the other hand there are the disadvantages. These are chiefly—the pain occasioned by the introduction of the fine oanulaj the, chance of the fluid escaping from the wound or:•term to ;/: then youagnation -leavens' °" your arranfBe^wweye prcsper fa God's name TQ.%»orjAjji*P¥^oria»/stant:Tet do the fiend's work perfec27"So snail watch while Bound the people's sm<And, warm, for your part, Shall never dare—O shame fT^nttirtJ^thotiglttViatod*^ m$mw&& i,/ij^-«i;> »•corrected by the horizontal tangent scale) of lessthan 16 feet! The largest French field howitzer,at a range of 2,400 metres, equal to 2,650 yards,,gave'.lateraldeflectipns averaging47 metres, or 155 can immediately be brought to bear to produoe theSxc, 8. Nothing in thia act contained ahall be ©enatrued te m -. > mii affect the right* of the father of a minor, to appoint by will aguardian for auah minor. In retpeotto any proparty which he•-•.deMaury'sWork,La TerreetL'H<mm&-^&titlesimilar to that of Professor Guyot'a popular book, but.taking a wider range over linguistic and ethnological since 1844 Imye varied, from March 31 to April 20, ex-are, like many of the Mexican silver or«,; highly argentiferousgalenas,theworkingofwhichwillin- ahallbywillbequeathordevUetohimorher."'T';; volve more skill and knowledge of metallurgy than1/.are thus w< better, for part,'has tation, and] thelil•» •'degree of precision which no other gun at the timewas capable of approaching. In the same year, armament of Genoa, those of Wahrendorff figure,i?i>«3antword k.: it by tho gpj..- , he ever so i (; ;.it far othe: ' (tii thing, and*Whtn I am ;;:^'vderkandtl*: «* hnehand a^;--•• ^Kfe. '.Thee t:-^cikeral consea i«^:r^W«dd,fUi] .i;j .therefore,}, <:,,lferent comiWhich burns at your heart. This is the curse. Write.Ye shall watch while nations strive Withthebloodhounds,dieorsurvive,-*rrONRIFLED C^mONS.I^HOlI!some of the rich mines of Peru and Mexico, thoseIrropfaintfromtheirjaws,Or throttle them backward to death,m And only under your breath Shall favor the cause. .; *precision©^by giving tbeshot ^fptatioii vertical to the line ofwasIhis:AwhiletJava&^-sh^ '«^iniQe0><m P01TM!?^! W^f76^ S**^ *f and had wings to fit in. the grooves,. .WahrendorfFsThis is the curse. Write. - *jT e shall watch while strong men draw The netaj of feudal lawNew York sale (and whichv indeed, is said to be the highest ever known) was 10,000 volumes of Mrs. Caroline Lee Hentz's novels, purchased in one lot, at 48 cents per volume, by Mr. G. G. Evans, the pioneer gift bookseller of Philadelphia. At both sales stereo- type plates proved to be a drug, and the larger portion of those offered was withdrawn unsold.—Prof. Owens's long-expected work on fossil remains, "Paleontology; or, A Systematic Summary of Extinct Animals, and their Geological Relations," has been published by Messrs. Black of Edinburgh. Asamanualofthe existingstate of knowledge, it is pronounced invaluable by scientific men, though it studiously avoids an opinion on the theoretical ques-portion of the gun. After being introduced into the chamber, which was large enough to receive it, iho shot was propelled by the explosion .into the rifled bore, and the lead being pressed into the groojres effectually, did away with all windage, and -pre-rash recklessly into the region. Thejournals already te.*tfe&wJ JtitiR 81'#$?$ :-j that onr iu i*si ># ^roduc~mWhen good men are praying erect That Christ may avenge his electAnd deliver the earth,The prayer in your ears, said low Shall sound like the tramp of a foeThat'sdrivingyouforth. This is the curse. Write.by the explosion. The results obtained with thjase guns in Sweden and elsewhere were quite satisfac- tory, and if Cavalli'8 guns were introduced into thethese rifled cannon were for the first time used for in the casemates of Wegholm in Sweden, Ports- "opening a mice." And when at last the ores areWhen wise men give you their praise, They shall pause in the heat of the phra !e,mouth m England, and in some Prussian fortresses. raised in quantity to the surface, what are the facili- These experiments, however, remained for a long Thus, the introduction of rifled ordnance into prac- ties in Utah for their reduction? Rich ores, it ismirers, while it furnishes a source of triumph to thosewhomakeherracyoriginalityanoccasionofdis- ABifearnedtoofar.. tionsnowprovokingdiscussion..Prof.Owenisstilltical use had begun, although only for fortresses. true, that assay several thousand dollars to the ton, military opinion at that time altogether went There rernained only the one step to introduce will bear the expense of transportation required toparagement. What earthly or heavenly motive can be found for clothing in the semblance of verse such dreary proeaie platitudes as the following, which need only to be shorn of capital letters to lose every trace of jpoetkal construction ?The thinkers stood; aside to let the nation act. Some hated the- now-constituted fact of empire, as pride treading on their pride. Some quailed, ieet what was poisonous in the past ahonld graft itself in that Druidic Bough on this green now. Some cursed, because at last the open heavens to which they had looked in vain for manya golden fall of marvellous rain were closed in brass; and some wept on because a gone thing could Sot come| and some were silent, doaoting all things for that popular conviction—evermore Emperor.Or these: .^He will hot swagger nor boast of his country's meeds, in a tone missuiting a great man most if such should speak of his own; nor -will he act, on her side, from motives baser, indeed, than a man of a noble pride can avow ibr himself at need; never, for lucre, or laurels, or cus- tom, though such should be rife, adapting the smallermorals to measure the larger life. He, though the merchants persuade, and the soldiers are eager for strife, finds not his country in quarrels only to find her in trade—"while still he accords her such honor as never to flinch for her sake where men put service upon her, found heavy to undertake and scarcely like to be paid: believing a nation may act unselfishly—shiver a lance (as the least of Her sons may, in fact), and not for acause of finance.The foDowmg is certainly in a higher strain, with a touch of the author's accustomed vigor:' But Italy, my Italy,Can it last, this gleam ? Can she live and be strong,, Or is it another dreaml i k e the rest we have dreamed so long 7And shall it, must it be,That after the battle-cloud has broken She will die off againLike the rain,Or like a poet's songSung oT her, sad at the end Because her name is Italy—. Die and count no friend 7It is true—may it be spoken. That the who has lain so stul, With a wound in her breast, And a flower in her hand.And a grave-stone under her head, T"WhHeeverynationatwillBeside her has dared to stand. And flout her -with pity aud scorn,Saying, " She h at rest, 'She is fair, she hi de%d,And. leaving room in her stead To Us who are later born,This is certainly beet!" Saving, "Alas, ahe is fair,.Very fair, but dead,.And so we have room for the race."—Can. it be true, be true, That she lives anew 7That aha riaesup at the shout of her sons, At the trumpet of France,And lives anew ?—is it trueThat she has not moved in a trance,As In Forty-eight?When htr eyes were troubled with blood Till she knew not friend from foe,Till her hand was caught in a strait Of her cerement and battled so.Fromdoingthedeedshewould; And her weak foot stumbled across. The grave of a king,Andaown she dropt at heavy loss,And we gloomily covered her face and said, " We have dreamed the thing;She is not alive, but dead."The rebuke, which Mis. Browning has felt herselfcelled upon to administer to tins country, loses much of ta ethical effect from the strange conceits, both ofagainst rifled arms. The rifle itself was then a very clumsy instrument, its loading was a slow and tedious operation, requiring considerable sMIL It was a weapon unfit for general warfare at a period whenrapid firing, whether of deployedlines, of heads of columns, or of skirmishers, was one of the chiefdesiderata in battle: Napoleon would have no rifles in his army; in England and Germany, a few battal- ions onlywere equipped with them; in'America and Switzerland alone, the rifle remained the national weapon. ; •The Algerian war was the occasion to bring the rifle again into credit, and tocause improvements in its construction which were but the beginning of that colossal revolution in the whole system of firearms which is even now far from its coaclusion. The smooth-bore muskets of the French were nothem into field artillery, and this has been done in place them in smelting-works, that may soon be es-When ye boast your own charters kept trae, Ye abaft blush; for the thing which ye doDerides what ye are.This is the curse. Write.When fools cast taunts at your gate, Y our scorn y e shall somewhat abateAs ye look o'er the wall,For your conscience, tradition and name Explode with a deadlier blameThan the worst of them aU. This is the curse. Write.Go, wherever Hi-deeds shall be done, Go, plant your flag in the sunBeside the ill-doers!And recoil from clenching the'curse Of God's witnessing UnivereeWith a curse of yours.This is the curse. Write.W e seldom see a more striking specimen than is pre- sented in the above frantic outcries of " the contortions of the Sibyl without her inspiration."BOOK8 RECEIVED.Say and Seal. By the Author of " Wide Wide, World," and theengaged on a work of magnitude, an edition, and notes of " The Posthumous Papers of John Hunter, on Natural History, Physiology, Generation, Psychology, Paleontology, and Comparative Anatomy," embracing, it is to be hoped, all that was left of that great man's labors, after the dastardly destruction by Sir Everard Home of his papers, that he migljt shine in their bor- rowed plumes. . j 4 ,; • :•"•.—To an elegant edition of LordlMacauIay's " Biog- raphies, contributed to the Encyclopaedia Britannica," Mr. Adam Black, his successor in Parliament, contrib- utes an interesting introduction, comprising notes of his connection with Edinburgh and original extracts from his speeches and letters.—The "Life and Times of George Villiers, Duke of Buckingham," from original and authentic sources, is publishing by Messrs. Hurst and Blackett, from the pen of Mrs. Thomson, a lady whose contributions to English Litertnre as the " laves of the Jacobites;" "SirWalter Raleigh;" "The Duchess of Marlbor- ough," &c, were formerly more frequent than of late.while without any practical results. The current ofcies, in the dark days of Caetlereagh and Sidmouth, and introduces freely on the scene the political ce- lebrities of George the Fourth's reign; the hero is saved from a somewhat tragical end by his sudden ac- cession,to fortune and btation after the orthodox man- ner so frequent in novels and so rare in real life.—The rumors respecting Mr. Thackeray's engage-ment en a historical work connected with the Augus-tan age of. Queen Anne, gather force and consistencyfrom thdr agreement with his favorite line of study,and the desire he expressed when in this country toproduce a standard work of this character, if ever henhoold be removed from the necessity of supplying theinsatiable demands of tee periodical press There is noon the ground. The commanding officer of the De- partment of the West has been instructed to cause a detachment of mounted troops to be detailed for service with the expedition engaged in exploring the head waters of the Yellow Stone and Missouri Rivers. The detachment of troops under the command of Capt. Barton, at Harper's Ferry, has been ordered to Fort Columbus. A detachment of recruits left Jefferson Barracks on the 52d of March, en route for Fort Riley, Kansas. Brig.-Gen. A. S. Johnstoni gave up the com- maid of Utah to Col. Smith of the 11th Infantry on the 29th of February. Maj Francis N. Page, Adju- tant Geneial of the U. S. Army, died at Fort Smith, Arkansas, en the 25th of March.would command any price that a man's is one of the numerous lakes, without outlets, conscience would allow him to ask for them*dance that eo practiced a writer will challenge compe- A destructive fire broke out. on the morning of the rition by a direct continuation of a work like Macau- 27th of March, destroying one of the, finest buildingslay's History, and the book will unquestionably in the Pensacola Navy-Yard. The fire was caused byappear in an indej endent shape. a burning wad from the morning gun. The loss isestimated at about $100,000. There are about 300 men—Two cautes are at work to render the present employed in the Peneacola Navy-Yard at present, and Spring searen Mtle memorable as a publishing eta. In there are over 100 marines in the barracks. Theand none at all as regarded the new small arms, and the Piussian heavy 12-pounder being a palpable absurdity, there remained nothing but either to drop field artillery altogether, or to adopt rifled cannon.already commenced a group of villages, there designated cities, and known as Carson City, Vir- ginia City, Silver City, Johnstown, &c. Genoa is a settlement further up the valley, and near the foot of the mountain pass. It is fourteen miles from Corson City, and this is seventeen miles from Virginia City. Between the two last named places,—Admirers of Swedenborg will learn with pleasure into circulation can be more readily seen, and the risk-:•••.•_. <that Mr. EHhuBich, a gentleman known for his re-searches in mystical lore, and author of a book on" The Occult Sciences," has just completed a classifiedanalysis,andarrangementintheorderofinstruction, absorbedfromthepartaffecteditself,probablyfrom of the great work of the Swedish Seer, the ArcanaCckstia. It: will form two bulky volumes of 1,400 closely printed pages, and hasbeen executed as alabor of love in moments snatched from pressing daily avoca- cations. ' •'•'- &*'&& - '—Messrs. Derby and Jackson announce among other puncture; and the production of local inflammation,statement of silver being procured in suoh abund- ance as to give immense value to a few feet in length along the line of the veins, aud to justify ex- pectations of extraordinary additions during the year to the silver product of the world. Though no correct description of the veins or of their products is to be found among the numerous published state-ments which have appeared in the journals received with a lateral deflection from the line of aim (as from San Francisco, we infer that the chief oresSac. 2. No ooaaen* of aa tafaat to aerre »-cleric or apprenHoe ••:••: •hall be valid, unle»t the mother of aooh lafaat. If ahe be Uviaf,and of legal capacity, ahall join in iraoh conaenl. . , 9novelties, a volume from the French philosopher Des- cartes, with an editorial prolegomena; tike editor's name is not mentioned, but may be guessed at—Mr. O. W . Wight, the translator of Cousin, and author of a " Cyclopaedia of Philosophy," destined to see the light "on the coming of that milder day," when political agitation has quieted down—and atranslation of Alfredeffusion of blood, abscess.FIRST ARRIVAL OF BOATS AT ST. PAUL. -AMin-nesota paper says: h-'^<'.:.: . .:•;-.••.• .;x-^.y "The Milwaukee;arrived at St. Paul yesterdayafternoon (28th). She worked her way through ice in Lake Pepin still a foot thick. This is theeariiest ar- rival on record except that of 1858, when the Grey Eagle arrived at St. Paul on March 25, three days earlier than! the present season. The other arrivalsElevation. 10Q- 1 5 a - ; ;20°J;' lUnge. 2j806 metres - 3,785 metres 4,511 metres 5,103 metresLateral irregu- lar defleotion.2.81 metres 3.21 metres 3.72 metres 4.77 metres*'<^ ientencedt < :vAhorse,bi if^^wtipction.1., ,: ^#ouimay•i , - i h a t others i}cept in 18571 when the first boat did not reach the science, andexecuted with the peculiar neatness and wharf until'May 1. It is also reported that twoFOUND DROWSED T~OA Thursday afternoon th« bodyofamaa about 25 years of age waa ioaad-floattng in the1elegance which characterises Frenchadentificr^aumes.other boats came in yesterday after the Milwaukee— the Ocean Wave and the Denmark.. These early ar- rivals aze much in our favor, and encourage immi-feet; ten-timesftaj large as those ofthe rifled gun at extraordinary results anticipated. The native sil- Fa* Btver at the foot of Eighth atreet. Coroner Jackman heldtwicetherange! ,,';•;' •••Ti>-^' -t>}'^^:' ttt ver aseociated with these may possibly be found in an inqueat on the body, when it wa* aaoertaiaed by P«e£ra fouai-a^'^jfetwonalfi^eokorl disgust, orj-"-Tie Spring book trade sales nave passed over «t^ ^^Nl^^toS^^^SjSvS? ES^^vS,-. ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ * « w ^ * ; with little exdtemeai'or* ^.'^••'i ••iW ,»r ,.tW |• Another system of rifled ordtmnice which ^created itome poiDt* upon 4he lines to yield large and profit-oa tho body that the name of deeeaaed we* Robert o..Cook. A. number of paper* were found in hla nooket-bo»k» and a meme- randum mafing that ' U w B f r a w ^ v i i m p t o w o wthey have, in a large proportion, been dispersed amongclassesofpurchasersofcomparativelylategrowth—asthe " gift booksellers •" and itinerant book auctioneersof the South and West, buyers from Canada and the propulsion, ^afce from the 17th century. There is a shot was covered with a thin layer of lead\ «nd the character, like the deposit gold mines, to afford :: & British Provinces, & c The largest single line of the email rifled gun at Munich, manuiactuTedin Nurem- sDghtly larger in aUajfieterthan the bore of the rifled independent employment to -Ike thousands that wig. •, >/:,tAu'.bor of "Dollars and Cent*." 2voL 12mo. J. B. Any new material toward a correct judgment of the match for the long espingardas of the Arabs; their Lippincott & Co.Blta.The Florence Stoma. By Jacob Abbott. Giimkie. 18mo. pp.man whom Dryden describes as "not one, but Nature's whole epitome," will be a literary treasure. *greater length and better material, which almitted of a heavier charge, enabled the Kabyles and Be- douins to fire on the Fionch at distances where theAn Autobiography. 12mo. pp. 358. Mavhew & Bsker.252. bheldcn it Co.Marion's Sunday*. By MIM Kitty Nolly. 18mo. pp. 191.—Thatnever-endingthemeofdiscussion—theauthor-Stories of the Ocean. By the Hev. John Spaulding. 18mo. pp. ship of "Junius"—will receive a revival from the regulation musket was utterly powerless. TheRobert Carter it Brothers.paratively unimportant.want of the Californians to provide some medium to secure direct trade with their opposite neighbors of1T7. The Same. forthcoming " Life of Sir Philip Francis," announced The Toll Gate. 18mo. pp. 82. The Same.Walter Ash-wood. A Love Story. By Paul Siogrolk. 12mo. *by Mr. Parker. It will include much curious corres- pp. 296. Rudd k. Caxleton.Duke of Orleans,,having seen and admired the100. C. M. Saxton, Barker & Co.Napoleon III. In Italy, and other Poem*. By Elizabeth BarrettBrowning. 12mo. pp. 72. C. S. Francis & Co.A Voyage Down the Amoor. By Perry MoDonough Collins.armament, equipment, and tactics, became the firstthe last century than at present, and cannot fail in paid for at serious cost for exchange with the12mo. pp. 390. D. App?eton &. Co.The African Slave Trade. By the Rev, Rnfus W . Clark.18mo.pp. 102. American Tract Society.Cousin Maude and Rosamond. By Mrs. Mary J. Holmes. 12mo.pp. £74. C. M> Saxton Barker & Co.Fiiarswood Post-Office. By the Author of the " Heir of Rod- Life. clyffe." 12tno. pp. 251. D. Appleton & Co.of Stephen A Douglas. By a Member of the Western Bar.will appear distinguished above its follows by an illus-tration by Sir Edwin Landseer. It will also-eontaia aposthumous fragment by the author of "Jane Eyre,"rifled muskets in the whole of the infantry of Eu- rope.The range of infantry fire having thus been in-impetus to immigration is already experienced there, the efiect of which-will be to fill with an industrious population this heretofore wild portion of Utah12mo.pp. 187.Derby it. Jackson. LITERARY.ARMYAND NAVYINTELLIGENCE.'. i1 true, noble iAmerica the political agitation consequent on the ap-pr< aching Presidential election is so absorbing thatpiud*nt publishers reserve their enterprise for a time Witch, fitting out for sea. The Fulton, recently when the still voice of Literature has a better chanceto be heard; and in England the impending abolitionof paper duty in July next naturally postpones aUlarge undertakings to that period; so that, beyond the the Harbor of Peneacola. The United States steam and cylindro-conodial shot, as early as 1816. Thecurrent supply of fiction and light literature for daily •ase, the presses of both countries are nearly inactive.—Among the books to be expected from abroad, are " A History of the Game of Chees, from the Earliest Period to the Present Time," by Duncan Forbes, esq., a distinguished Oriental scholar, who it is ex-RIGHTSOFMOTHERS CHILDREN.AS TOTHEIRfrigate Roanoke, Flag Officer McGlung, Commanding the Home Squadron; the United States ship Sabine, and store-ship Relief, were at Aspinwall on the 23d ofMarch. ;NARCOTIC INJECTIONS IN NEURALGIA.—The Medi-cal Times and Gazette, referring to cases of neuralgia in which the local treatment by narcotic injection into the parts was employed, enumerates asfollows whatappeaTS" Grammar of the Chinese Language in English," to be the advantages of that method: That much lessresults were very satisfactory as to range and pre- cision, but the difficulties of loading and extraneous obstacles prevented the subject from being followedWe said, when commending the bill which ha* recently passed our Legislature for the protection of married women in their earnings and means of live- lihood, that it lacked but one thing to make it per- fect, and that was a provision securing Mothers in their right to their Children, so that they could not be divested of them by a will of a deceased father. The following bill, submitted to the Senate by Mr. Colvin of Albany, seems to. cover this ground admirably, and we trust it is destiaed to become a law at this Session:AN ACT to proTido for the dispotitton and ou*tody »f Mlnw ChUdrea, 'The PtopU (if the State of tfno. York, reprwntcd in. Senate and Aticmbly, do enact ae follovn:SKCTIOK I. No^UporfUoaofthecu«todTortaUl«a,of*»lB<>r child, made by the father of «noh oaild, whether hy deed or*»ill, ahall be valid, unlet, the mother of such child, if «he be llviag,andoflegaloapabitratthetimeefeseoottu>thedeed, or proving the will, aball Join In the deed, or ^ooaeat la writtag to «uoh disposition at the time ofproving the wfli .,pected willsources—onthe origin and antiquities of the game; a newup.structed a breech-loading rifled gun which attractedconsiderable attention. His first gun was a thirty-pounder, charged with a cylindro-conoidal hollowshot weighing 64 pounds, and 5'pounds powder;at 1 4 \ degrees elevation he obtained a range (offirst gauge) of 3,050 metres or 3,400 yards. Hu?experiments (continued up to the latest period,partly in Sweden, partly in Piedmont) had the im-portant remit of leading to the discovery "of theregular lateral defleotion of all shot fired from rifledordnance, which is caused by the pitch of thegrooves, and which is always in the direction towhichthegroovesturn; thisoncebeingasijertained,itscorrectionbywhatiscalledalateralorhorizontaltangent-scale, was also invented by Cavalli. Theresults of his experiments were highly satisfactory. can gather from them little more than the generalby M. Leon de Basney; and a work on Ameri- can Antiquities, ^Antiquarian and Ethnological Re- searches in New-Granada, Equador, Peru and Chili," by Wm. Bollaert, esq., the latter to be published by Messrs. Trubner 6c Co. .constitutional—nervous—imitation attends the local introduction of the narcotic than when it is given by the stomach; that the effect of the narcotic is more im- mediately produced; that the action of the narcotic ap- pear more sure wheninjected—the exact amount takenUui!t d States vessels now lying at the Yard are as follows: Steamers, Seminole, Crusader and WatchIn the mean time, experiments wjth rifled cannonbad continually been carried on in various,coun-. a stage now regularly runs for conveying passen-will be rebuilt at that place. The Wyandotte, Walker,and Vixen lie out in the stream; the latter is surveyingof contamination or alteration which it is exposed to, given by the stomach, is avoided; and it appears to ex- ert more benefit on the local affection when it has to beour word ,n^;^yOUwill,'.-v,.i:EW":,'S^ -•:^^^^^^^^^,,,1,1,,;.,^^,,^.^ .;.',-swwas-.sU -'t&W•as* ^mm&$&i?&m*M tUntitled DocumentIUM -na-t a*TM•,-::.-. ^ik>^^^~r^? T*^ ~mm.In 1846, the Piedmontese Major Cavalli con-the results obtained were very sitiefactory; the vented the escape of any portion of the gases fornkedEnglish two-pounders in 1776, at a range of 1,300yards, gave a lateral deflection of two feet only-—aprojecting eblong shot. .rThe discovery of rich Silver Mines in the ex- treme Western portion of Utah, within two hundred miles of Sacramento, is attracting much attention on the western side of the continent, and is looked to with no little interest by multitudes in this por-' tion of the country. The gold mines of California, wonderfully productive as they have proved, have always been regarded by many as uncertain sources of permanent property; and a serious want; has been felt in that region of natural industrial re- sources, that should sustain the commercial proper- ty of the State, when its gold mines, after the usual manner of all other gold mines, .had become com-forKfe. If ceremony, t then shall & they may b€ they are not before: our have not in.injunction to We who Bta: and Noah/W by which tl What you a* to give it a c compact by; we admit yo ennohling it ourpremieef in our neet. unions, w c • not esllthe tame to you> ILAsto ject, I rest < Nazareth, a t h e Chxituz know what respecting t know that J a. very diffebut by death eanctitiee of Heretic, Cat with barely have undew throughoutThat this C reason for tl supremacy 0 firmly belie' And as to M of them, all contained ii point: "Mo. mittedeasy "hot so."m. Ihav '* K " the perpetPrussian and Austrian chasseurs, organizfd the China and the East Indies,whose teas, silks, spices,someway or other to throw light on the question troops of their class in the world. The rifb withlately stirred to a fresh excitement by the tantalizing which they were armed was far superior to gold sent eastward from California. Both these half enclosures revealed to Mr. Bonn. the old rifle, and it soon underwent further changes, wants promise to be supplied by the discovery of—The fourth number of the " CornhiU Magazine" resulting, finally, in the general introduction of the Washoe Silver Mines; and a new and powerfuland an article by Albert Smith. The circulation at-tained in the United States by this Magazine—in spite creased from 300 to 800, and even 1,000 yards, the Territory; and, the locality being on one of the es-of difficulties and delays—is so; great that there question arose whether field-artillery, which hitherto tablished routes between San Francisco and Mis- —Dr. Charles Mackay is engaged in a work that is a plan now seriously entertained by an enter- had commanded all distances from 300 up to 1,500 souri, new facilities of intercourse will thos be af-. will be interestir g to all lovers of poetry. It is a com-pleteccliectionof"TheJacobiteMinstrelsyofScot- andissuingherethenextdayafterthearrivalofthe thenewsmall-arms. Thefactwas,thatthegreat- the continent. To California and the Easternland," and will be issued by Messrs. Griffin Sc Co. of London snd Glaegow. The Ettrick Shepherd's " Jacobite Relics of Scotlacd" has grown to be among the -scarcest of modern books, though published inEnglish copies.—Mr. Bcntley, in bringing out • simultaneously in England a cheap (3s.) aud a library edition (7s. 6d.) of Mies Warner's new story, " Say and Seal," aunouueesest efficacy of common field-guns lay just within that range which was now disputed to it by the rifle; canister was scarcely effective beyond 600 or 700 yards; round shot gave no very satisfactory re-States, these discoveries are therefore of much greater importance than if they had been made in territory upon the Gila, the outlet of which would be the Gulf of California, or in regions far to the north, the products of which would seek the sea by the river.The new silver mines are on the eastern slopes of the Sierra Nevada, the " snowy range," which fol- lows the line of the western coast, as the Apala- chion chain does that of the eastern, its crest-line passing within about 100 miles of Sacramento, and in its lowest passes'attaining an elevation of over 7,000 feet above the level of the sea, or nearly fourprising bookseller of reprinting each number bodily, yards, would still be able to hold its own against forded between the eastern and western portions of1819-21, and $30 was lately paid in this city for a copyof the two volumes, 8vo., so that the field is open for a that the circulation of the "Wide, Wide World" sults, with the six or nine-pounder, beyond 1,000classical bcok on these genuine outpourings of loyalty and nationality, which are free from the suspicion of modern " literary cookery," that. seems gathering around the older ballad favorites of the Scottish Mnse.—Prof. H. B. Smith, of the Union Theological Sem- inary, w h o e V Tables of Ecclesiastical History" have met with BO favorable a reception, has ready for publi- cation a " Memoir of the bate Anson G. Phelps, esq.," of Ne w-Yoik, whose career of usefulness and Christian benevolence was brought to a close by his prematuredeath at an early age. It is embellished by a fine steel portrait,andistobepublishedby.C.Scribner.—Prof. Brugsch of Berlin has just brought out the third portion of his work on the " Geographical In- scriptions on Ancient Egyptian Monuments," collectedduring a scientific exploration, under the patronage of the Prufsian Government. In his peculiar line of study, " The Enchorial, or Demotic Paleography of Egypt,"Prof.BrugschisequallyeminentwithLepaius, or Champollion, who has cultivated more expresslyreached half a million.—Two names, new to literature, are announced as authors of a happily entitled book, "The Queens of Society," Grace and Philip Wharton—whether brother and sister, or husband and wife, is yet unrovealed. The work will contain Memoirs of Lady Wortly Montague, the famous Duchess of Devonshire, Made, de Stael, Lady Caroline Lamb, Lady Morgan, and other feminine celebrities, to whom the title is appropriate. It forms two elegantly illustrated volumes, and will unquestion- ably command the speedy attention of our reprinters.—"TheSeaanditsLiving Wonders,"abeautifully illustrated volume, translated from the German of Dr. Hertwig, is announced by Messrs. Longman, under the editorship of Mr. Noel Humphrey, the popular writer on Aquaria and Marine Zoology.yatds; and shxapnell (spherical case-shot), to be very formidable, required a coolness and a correct estimation of distances which are not always to be found on the field of battle, when the enemy is ad- vancing; while the shell-practice of the old howitzers against troops was anything bat satiifactory. The armies which had the nine-pounder gun for their smallest caliber, such ae the English, were still theV"I • A.best off; the French eigkt-pounder, and, still more,the German six-pounder, became almost useless. times the general hight of the AUeghanies. FromBy that afhr thatKarriag criticism seei urge that in:production,! be ignored, compatible cT o obviate this, the French introduced, about the beginning of the Ciimean war, Louis Napoleon's so-, called invention, the light twelve-pounder, canon oht&itr, from which solid shot, with a charge of one-fourth instead of one-third its weight, as well as shell, was to be fired. This gun was a mere plagi- arism upon the English light twelve-pouuder, which had already been again abandoned by the English; the system of firing shells from long guns had been long in practice in Germany; so that there was nothing at all new in this pretended improvement.Sacramento, which i* reached by steamer from San Francisco, one passes hy railroad up the valley of the American River to Folsom; thence west by stage te Placerville, which is 1,755 feet above the sea-level, and there, taking horses or mules, begins the ascent of the mountains by the road through"y>have given it a decided superiority over the old 6and 8-pounders; and to counteract this, the Prus-sian Government, in 185D, resolved upon givingheavy 12-poundera to all its foot batteries. Thiswas the last more in the cause of the smooth-boregun; it shewed that the whole subject was ex-hausted, acd the defenders of the smooth-boredriven ad absurdum. There could, indeed, hot beanything more absurd than to arm the whole artil-lery of an army with those lumbering, stick-in-the-mud Prussian 12-pounders, and that at a time whenmobility and rapidity of maneuvering is the greatestdesideratum of all. The French light 12-pouaderhaving a relative superiority enly to other artillery, name of Silver Range has been applied. Here oreAt Turin, in 1854, his thirty-pounder, with 8-pound charges, 64-pound shot, gave the following results:8xc. 3. ra case of the death of the fath*r rf ». minor, the mother of uooh minor, tf she be Uviajr, and tfleaW' <^»gtyj»haa thereupon be and become TMted « d poeeeaaed of allihe right*. rwnedfo*, privilege., and reepoaalbilltiea ia reapect to noh winor, in laV appertaiafrg to the ftgat of » minor, and, ahril b* tint entitled to the gwurdian-hip of the jpoperty of pach minor; but the may divert heraelf of «ach righta, remwdiet, end reapea- •ihilitiea, by canting ajmardian to be appointed. <Sxo. 4. In case the father of a minor ahall abandon, or refdao or nvgleet to anpport him or her, then the'mother of such minorpoitied -the labor of luch minor.% i;;:;,•> .it. mv-: :'r . ;•;'25°giving a range, at 25 degrees, of above three miles,'^attention, a little, after * * v «,• ** -.it*1' •••>• " r i -t^; m^SffiSy83^§fflSSwitii.-»•'V8%g^i<«t..: u _.i able returns at ah early,jfjyj. •'^.v-.S;v^*r^f?'|' :.ty-:and if fouudj. a» iaFrajoce and is now being done in all European ar- tilleries. The various systems on which the rifling of field ordnance is now, or may be, profitably car- ried on, will form the subject pf a second paper.tablished for the purpose in San Francisco, or even in those now in operatioa in Europe; but iu the usual experience of mining, such ores are the ex- ceptions, specimens only, while the main depend- ence of the mine is upon the poorer class of ores.We are not, however, disposed to compare these with the silver mines of the Harz and Bohemia, which for centuries have grudgingly yielded their poor returns to the patient toil of the German miner andthe skillful, saving devices of his brother smelter; but are willing to anticipate results more in accord- ance with the fast ways of American enterprise, and npt to disregard the enormous returns of silver that have occasionally rewarded the labor of theminer of Potosi and Guanaxuato.The Washoe region is a great field for mining ea- terprise, the capacity and importance of which is not likely to be developed in one year, nor, if any- where else than within reach of California, hardly in the present century. Beside silver, gold andlead, copper also is met with, and other metals wifl surely be found with them, as occurs in all other metalliferous regions of, this character. It ia rea- sonable to expect the occurrence of cobalt, nickel, zinc, platinum, and if tin were anywhere workedbetween the Arctic regions and the Caribbean Sea, of this metal also, of which we are singularly defi- cient in North America, south of Greenland. Thus ore here found, more than anywhere else in the United States, the elements for the foundation of permanent mining establishments, upon a scale commensurate with those of CornwaR and of Ekate- rinenburg, which have resulted from the slew growth of centuries. As to the capacity of the country for supporting a large population, some doubts may be entertained. From November to April the ground is covered with snew; the cold of the Winter is intense, but the climate is- said to- be healthy, and the weather in Summer never disagreeably hot. Throughout the valleys are fine ranges for cattle, and excellent grazing lands are found on the untimbered slopes of the mountains, and in some of the valleys between them. The so3of much of Carson Valley is fertile and racfle, but there is little or no rain here in Summer, and irrigation is found indispensable. In the upper portion of the valley, this is very easily secured; the foot hills of the Sierra surrounding that portion in a semi-circle, and sending down innumerable) leaping, sparkling brooks, which run but little below, the average surface of the ground they traverse, and are readily turned aside and made tosubserve the needs of the farmer. Lower down, when these streams have been blended into Carson River, large tracts of perfectly level, fertile plain adjoin it, covered only by the desert shrubs known as Sagebrush and Greasewood, and needing hotirrigation and culture te render them abundantly productive. We noticed in passing two separate places where sufficient dams (for which timber may easily be floated down from the mountains during the Spring freshets) may be built at a moderate cost, where each will irrigate and render fruitful at least a hundred square miles of what wouldTHEWASHOESILVERMINES.fa •-• -s--"white money" bought up in England with theIt has alsa beeH a seriousJohnson's Pass, which is the route followed by theemigrants. The summit being possed, the road fol-lows the course of Carson River, a stream which,flowing down the eastern side of the mountains,trends northward, for about 50 miles, and then,turning toward the east, flows as mueh further in thus be rendered a garden, where vegetables(ing, I must ** born of ttl 41 children b< "them all th thoughlmpe by a lava-fl Theeexunl v ehould be ch . I was eh< faith say, soi " are not tothe contrary with acts of fives' have the. world < while I adm; so ontrageo' wife, in req truly compw riagewfll n of her child look those c scions purit' father and men. Nor a mother ehIV, The lions, is a m< social necc6£ sonal ende. called Sori eerned chief tnnatelyifn I am anxiou mfrequent, i The miseries but to make stialandselfi whenever a are a man a of each oth with eachwould cond form a co nextmonth- incompatibil hate each ot divorced, thatjund Eomewaed had eight wheneverranged along the eastern side of the mountains, which serve as the reservoirs for containing the drainage of this portion of the country, and return-Lands for farming purposes have been taken* up everywhere near the mines, and their agricultural capacity will be well tried the approaching Summer. At Carson City, which promises to be the central point in importance of the region, it is said that " water from mountain springs and from artesian "wells, and wood in abundance, can be had, "sufficient for the wants of a large population."ing'it by evaporation to the surface of the hills.Alopg the valley of Carson River, in its northerncourse, are numerous mining camps and diggings,at which gold has been Obtained to Borne extent;and where the river bends toward the east orefound the veins which have proved so productive in The country is occupied without law, and itssilver. These lie along the eastern side of one of the spurs of the main range, to which spur thelocation should bring it under the Mormon juris- diction, to which probably the occupants would not submit. An application is to be made to Congress the present session to set it off aa a.'- distinct Territory, called Nevada. In its present condition, it holds out no inducements to the prudent and cautious to migrate to it. For a time, it will be overrun by reckless adventurers, and then hardy pioneers will settle upon its landsand prepare them for the permanent mining enterprises which will succeed the dashing operations of the original occupants.the surface of the hills. This is a slow and tediousprocess, and usually the first step in laying out workfor underground mining. These adifcs must be com- ' | S &pleted and: shafts must be sunk to, conr; . ^ ^ ;"«verystand nect with them before the ores can. beextracted in large quantities. The historyof' the most predactive Lake Superior mines indi-cates how slow and expensive is this operation of1I. I hav< tempted to•>-;•>•»£?. . - es; :M•Mtmiii*0£(. •or a'•.'.' >."• •bly, but y<cause. Th v trade-marksownwaree. 7>->t£ wordMarrij.;whether th^ www.fultonhistory.com1: i' ••*-'• ' 