 cNEW YORK HERALD.El QORDOl ••«»•"• IDIIOB A2TD PBOnulWB-coumof HAASAC AJTBFtXTON8TB. Dii/r RtMALD ttteixat*p*raop*. Www MnakNEWyesterday,theSergeantoftheSanitary8q«adre- ported between seventy and eighty premisea ta TA rionapartsofNewYrkaadBrooklynasbeingin afilthycondition, Th•locationofeachhooaere- ported is given in our report of the proceeding*.YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, theearlyhistoryoftherepublicanaad1 ftieralM A Y 1, 1860.-TR1PLEattkeBlftek RepabllcanPrs- sldaat HsAen.SHEET,varypiainthatnofugitive K'AVS whoonceHEWSFE01WASHlttGro* ReportedDeathofOurContm.nnr4*a/PublicIjVxeHeansaaJ*In the hlatory of the newspaper press |there have never before been two Bachdays of excitesaent and business pressure- JT H E I1DU1! OUTsUGES I f TPUft a* Saturday and Sunday last On the Satur-day the number of HERALDS sold was up-wards of 104,000, and on the Sunday97,000. These are, the largest issues everlatent. Oeneral Scott totheCapitaltraordinary, b u t i t has been thrown into t h ewhohavecontractedwithanotedexterminator plesthan,internalimprovements, bank or Wehaveheardofhimanytimethesethirty shadebytheselaterperformances. Itmayhe ORGANIZAftONOFHtWTERRITORO.supposed that the causes which lead to theseStrrST ^rnfrTiniT^gKjjj) Mlife to the contest, and their old slogans navePitrotHWALLACE'S THBATRB, SrOAdnr»r-OATTAl* OfTBI Watta EM* ATLAW.LAUBA KBEXB'STHBATBB,BUBroadway BAWB.aiiDix,sudden expansions of circulation are temporaryBOWtTBT TWBATRI. _rjjut-l auarua LSSACT—NBCHWI W in.Western strikers, was held last night at Botanic mania, which insists upon measuring all things was thought of by the democrats, and again b yHall, in East Broadway. The attendance was byitsonestandard,setupbyfanaticism, aims thewhigs. HewasputforwardatPhiladelphia, permanent influence on the prosperity aadn w u 6o*«» DABOBS, Be - r OCSLB Bionso BOOM.COOPXB TSSTrTDB.-ESBiBmos Or FBALS'S CBICWAI PA<rn»u or r»> (otrct or LsAfa—After—oa endBrontes.WlV'tOBAl, OOBUBBT SALOON. Dt>«t% Buaucsata, A cOOBJTBB <>F THIBTBBBTH gTBBSV AMD FOURTH AVANfjR.- ^AuronaiA BUBAOBBIB.increase of 69 as compared with the mortality oft h e w e e k p r e v i o u s , a n d 1 2 5 m o r e t h a n o c c u r r e d t h e H o m e s t e a d b i l l n o w b e f o r e f J o n g r e s s ; " D o w n i m m e n s e l y , a n d M r . B a t e s w a s s t r a i g h t w a y e x - s u p e r i o r s k i l l a n d r e s o u r c e s o f p a r t i c u l a r t e l e f f r a p h i s d e s p a t c h . I I i s s u p p o s e d a a l * * » &* a s a dduring the corresponding week last year. The re-capitulation table gives 1 death of disease of thebones,joints,4c.,60ofthebrainandnerves,Rof Southern States;andtheequalityofallthe case of hisownperiod, side byside with growth,andhenceItIsthatwerarelyfindgreat TBI IKDIAX OCTSAGKROXTHXFKO&TURor *****-QUOttsraoon ai Ual.' past one o'clock, to go by railroad, and at ban" patl (oar o'clock, to go by steamboat.were heavy and irregular. The gales embraced about they would have seen this and met the exigencies 600 baJcs. The arrival of a canal boat from lake of the day. The attempt to patch up politicalCbamplaui, with a cargo of oau, ana lae prospect of otherin ihe hands of the conservative voters of thetrols made''to pass between the pouats- By tba don Daily Netrs before it attained a meaxB the Indians could sot p a n isle the wtite ta la- circulation o f five thousand copies, although ments without their trails being disc wersd ss<i puaa i«tSoatb. Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,thecityrailroadbillsasifitreallyhadanin-terestinthem. NowwedidnotsaythattheTribune,oranyotherpaper,hadaninterestintheserailroadjobs. WeonlysaidthatGeorgezationcalledtheUnionandConstitutionparty, andwhichwillboldaconventionatBaltimore after the Charleston and Chicago nominations havebeenmade. Mr.Seward would notbedelegationsmighthavetimeandopportunityfor consultation. Theboltersmetandorganizeda separateConvention. Fullreportsoftheproceed- ings are given elsewhere in tc-day's paper.Our special despatch from Washington, on the authority of a private letter from the house of Wet- more, Williams 4 Co., of Shanghae, states that Mr. Townsend Harris, our Consul General at Japan, Isdead. AsneitherthenewspapersnortheState Department have received intelligence of the event, wearedisposedtodoubtthecorrectnessofthere- port.We learn that General Scott has been suddenly called to Washington. He left town yesterday afternoon, accompanied by Colonels Thomas and Keye.*. It wi ; he recollected that Colonel Thomas was with the General on his late mission to thePacific and San Juan Island, and it is not unlikely that this sudden movement is in connection with our new boundary difficulty with England.CyclesafPolitical Partlec. Theolddemocraticpartyhasbreathedits last,andto-daywe enter upon a newerain national politics. The Convention a t Charles-Law,whoknowsallaboutthem,declaredthat acceptabletoverymanyconservativesinthe spatchesfromthefieldofWaterloobytheGeneralHoustonhasaddressedanothercommaticttion to the War Department respecting the cal history of the republic exhibits two com-solongwouldbenothing toit,orthat $5,000 free wool operation o f Thurlow Weed's wouldofseventy m«aeach, twocXfortyeach*twenty-live- men each. A iorce of tens companies a'troubles with the savages on the frontiers of Texas. The Indians are ravaging the frontier counties, mur- derirg and ravaging In all directions. Governor Houston urges the immediate formation of a regiplete political cycles, which have long ago beenclassed in the popular mind as the times of be nothing to it, or the wino bill which theis capable of doing a great deal of mischief If the Sewardites attempt to play tricks. Of course the republicans cannot indulge in the luxury of a sham fight fora platform—that Is reserved for t h e democracy—and therefore their con- vention will b e simply a trial o f skill between the managers o f t h e several candidates, a n d it will be one of the most interesting exhibi-invariably leaves a considerable addition t o the previous circulation, when the paper has a reputation for news enterprise.This increase, however, is caly. valuable i nproportion to the amount of advertising pa-ninety men'suchwill rendezvous a Foa 13ih Inst., preparatory to making a dt,;or pursue and punish the Indnna.Governor Houston thiasa the ge-aahcnld not impose upon Taxes the bcjrtthis force in the held. Be ay a, a uL ltOoo to tiie ttmnamed, t b a every available man a wday.butnothingofpnblicinteresttranspiredin either bodywasthelastoftheRevolutionarylistofPresi- dent?, The party divisions of the first cycle werv mainly on the question of sympathy withbislobbywehavenodoubt,fortheycouldnotTheNorthBriton,fromLiverpool18thandQoetnatown19thult,arrivedintheriverSt.Law- one»orotheroftheformsands-piritofgovern-GIGANTICCHEATUPONTHEADMINISTRATIONBY buildtheroads;butGeorgeLawbastheiron, NORTHERNOFFICEHOLDERS.—OneofthemostHe*ran and Savers was closed only in compliancewith the wishes of the Americana. N o ot'jer hos- j object or policy in view, and impelled in its tile meeting will, it is said, take place bet rrcen the action b y new circumstances which did not ex- two men. ist at the time of its organization. Among itsThe Calfomia Pony Express, which leftSan !actswerethecreationoftheNationalBank,and1Francisco on the evening of the 20th »ilt., arrived the incipient consideration of the free tradeat S t Joseph, Mo , at noon yesterday, 'caving made theories that were then beginning to agitate the the trip across the continent in less t>ian ten days. , political world. In 182-1 five candidates ranThere had been no arrivals at San Francisco from for the Presidency, and the three which obtain-even when they passed, they raised a fierceoutcry against George Law's mammoth grid-iron, though the little bills contained the veryfame objections, onlydivided intofiveorsix forDouglas. Butit really appears thatthisthe Atlantic subsequent to the t>4t advices. Themarket* wet* very dull. T h e mail steamer, which'BattedforPanamaonthemorningofthe20th,had HouseofRepresentativesforelection,aspre-on board 414 passengers and 41,382.78 in treasure, •ItST.ns of which was shipped for Mew York.The lecture room adjoining the Church of the •an again filled hut evening with theprinciples which should guide every govern-ment in its relations with individuals, a/id paaying doty jnenta, will be tent by the Secretary of Barpast seven o'clock.In the Board of Aldermen last trenina a resolu-tion was offered for the appointment of a Sanitary CotnmiUee and laid over. The Comptroller reported Bdeffc«ortt^M^9a87mtheStre4rtimprovemeatprovements should h e made b y the federal go- vernment or b y local and individual exertion, called for frequent and constant interpretations Of the constitution. T h e founders o f the Unionwill of course be landed down there, whore itboundaries of them arc a t follows —The boundary lines tor the proposed Territory <parties.zationcarrieditsstruggle with itaantagoanit, whichchangeditanameandtacticswitheachBoardwasofnogeneralinterest were established on thedemocratictheories, Coroner Jackman yesterday concluded the in- and since then that party has been dying out quest upan the body of the infant ofMary Connor, The men which hadfought itsbattles graduallygreat defeat.The balance of the business transacted by the currency, and, laat of all, the tariff policies,MM (A»BMHJ»«I» W H M M T | WWAMKfcW, recently found dead in bed with its mother at passed away, with the leaders that had givenIsnptrtsiit f©nmuiiicaUoi from fiat,Bellevne Hospital, having its (ace partially eaten b yMA>M W I W ^MM*M « a eftsarts rats. Thejury rendered averdictof "Deathby no meaning for the present generation. Mr.3rpmiyiiMO.AJCDamnn THIS •varao.the principle of treating she dead with the ut-mostconsideration,webeginwiththem. Judge 89,000inoneday,ouraveragecirculationbe-McLeanhasbeencomfortablyinterredunder ing70,000. Atthetimethiswasthoughtex-ml fbw cafe ptr amid*.va.i»isuffocation, the suffocation beiog that it was over-laid by its mother,'* and recommended that an ad-ditional watch be employed at night, and that im-mediatestepsbetakentofreethehospitalfrom ofthatofthefoundersoftheconstitution.rats. Thelastrecommendationofthejuryhas Anewissuehascomeupwiththenewgene- already been complied with by the Commissioners,o fPennsylvania;t h e latter a r e Mr.dallyabroad. Ona former ocoasion-our sale reachedto keep the hospital clear for one year for $300. Another meeting of seamstresses »nd female ope-small. Remarks were made by two or three gen- tlemenpresentandonelady,andacollectiontaken up amounting to $148.to impose a unity of social tion upon the confederacy,of differences of climate,organiza- irrespective races andin 1856, for both the republican aad the KnowNothingnomination. Ifthereissuck athing worthyofnoticeatall. as being too available by half, Judge McLeanthat w edeem themAccording to the City Inspector's report, thereTRIPLE SHEET. born and premature births, 59 of diseases of the attempt is made to administer the State upon stomach, bowels and other digestive organs, 50 ofThe republican party is made up from theDespatches were reeetvee^r the Setmwf * "ar is aastia. Texas, April 14, 1&66How York, Tneidaf, M a y 1, i860.1unknown,and32from violentcauses. The na- destructivepartiesagaiust eachother,andour sionofdissatisfied democrats. Thewhigsas- tions. If a speculator were to commencea Tesanfrontierpeopte.toagauraddress ths SVa Dejart-ffKn Sea*f o r kHe i Aid— BMltton •wraps*BarEngland, and the balance of various foreign coun tates the communities of Europe. fine i;trffc.democratic element It is very true that Mr. not drilied to fight snefa a foe. Wm:e bo himself to accomplish certain results within a culous to think of employing the rrfolarKAILS FOB XUBOFE.tivity table gives 324 natives of the United States, republican institutions are to be subjected to sume to control the party, and they put forward newspaper to-morrow with five hundred thou- meat. He says the regular troops are u.««* 96of Ireland,39of Germany, 4 of Scotland, !» of the test of the same social conflict which agi- Mr. Seward, who is bitterly opposed by the sand dollars capital, and were to propose to the Indiana, becavse they latest i.m atrri«,•tbaai • neyar*<a rt<a- agatesThe Canard mall steamship ADMTIM, Capt Millar, willHad the politicians who are gathered at astic support given to him by the radical aboli-Toe cotton market yesterday was without animation, Charleston possessed the breadth of view neces- might safely calculate to d o , th e chances are the rrjrulars. He urpe the neceeiiry of a r-gt-n «t afplatforms not consonant with the active ideas at tact o otook la toe tno-nicg. Btoglo copies, ta wrap- of the week, exerciser a depressing influence on flour of the time, merely to suit particular candi- and grain. State and Western branaa of the former dates, is a folly that reaps its own harvest;a moderate the party of-Th* ErjannuK tomoi or THV H«W5 will be publishedarrivals from Btilalo, via the Krie canal, before the closegiven bafore they would bave aa oppo.WanBj tcreaseaa a and deprsdate upon the people. Gov. ffotra'oa asttaaaa« that the Texas Raugars ar* not only cuf trior to a y oiaaclass of trcopc for the service, mil cesre eoaoomiaat. They are excellett horsemen, accueU>m*d tobardRhipa; and the Texas horses, having been raiusd oa gran a s perform sorrtoe without requiring gram- osoent to recrat their strength for a few days. The Tjnaasaso-asouatartd with Indian- habits, acd know where to red ttees- hauta. Gov. Houston, aa the eiecutjvo hew 1 of Tessa, estnaaaawtehtoavoid theappearanceofisptieasaeec orcan plaining of bis intercourse wtth Lbs federal goveraaoai. He states that within the past row boom of tac date of writing, expresses arrived a Asuiia f a n Eastland and Palo Pinto oounUi s, aonouur.u-• tatSLbaonptic-iB and advertlsementa (or any edition of the Maw Yuen BB_AU> wiU b« received at the foliow.ag placae U Swroye —Lona*....Sampsoa Low,Son i t b ,47 Ladgato Hltl.closed at a decline of 5c. a 10c. per barrel, while sake platforms and candidates are swept away to- were fair Southern was in steady demand, with sales at gether. If the Convention at Charleston hadSaturday's prices. Wheat-was heavy,aad closed at a de-its proprietors calculated on beating the Lon- don Ti>nes o u t o f Dae field. T h e Daily JVeios, after twelve o r fourteen years o f existence, has still but an eighth part of the circulationadopted a few simple resolutions, recognizing F—tn.. Lenang.BaldwIn «Co.,8plaa de laBourte. while sates were moderate at about the current rates of the existing condition of affairs, and nominateddown to Cameron and Banks, the former would of the Tirres, the penny papers having struck w i n to have the advantages of a superior po- in between it and the imaginary results whichbags,andsome3,000do.wheat and6,000do corn,by Texas.Arkansas andFloridadelegationsformallyIsailingvessels,'aships'bags,at8.'2d.withdrew. Atthisstageoftheproceedingsanad-I ——journment was carried in order that the Southern Split i n t k e Charleston Con% -cation—activity. Thus greatpublic excitementsdo morefornewspapersinthisrespectthanany otherimpulsethatcanbeimpartedtothem. ItwastheanticipationofthegovernmentdemansettlementsontheMedian,withinthirtynaileaof&a Antonio. Netcontentwhbaurdwingthe,atUterssad carryingofftheirnortec,theyshootailasccsttitlataat path. Eld bt the dense brakes, or> anvataa tbeywaitanopportunitytomaka»afvay. Thet qneacc!s,thatpeopleaxequittingwhoaantgpherbee*iandfortagupa thecounty Bites. Thea-ir-ftoabu; irt deserted, and their fietda of young eorv and wheat , Jt left to waste In many counties jaora is s o b«s aa. and but a scanty gncateUnoe for •** tattsee * a children. While their m.»c ere us ptirs-tt o.'* t a fee, starvation is staring theta in the f*ce. A.lar£» percline of 2c. a 3c per bushel. Corn was in good sapply,I—o«ug, Starr k Oo., 74 King WiUtem street lrrmrom, . Laastog, Starr A Oo., No. 9 Chapel sweat.R Stuart, 10 Exchange street, Bast_ - • • • tacajag, Baldwin * Oo., 21 r«a Qomeilia. HABBOBO ..Da Chapaanroaga A On.th* oaatonte of the Boaonu» EM-HOB or rai HWULD I taa newa raoeiTod by asatl aad telegraph atdartag tAe previous week and up to the hour of aahataaenTke !f«wa.The newa from Charlestoa U highly important. with moderate engagements. Among the shipments wereThe Convention yesterday adopted the Douglas 16.000 buahela corn and wheat, engaged for Liverpool, Trilt<». is as sensitive about our statement con-platform by a vote of ICo to 138. Whereuponthe including 8,000 corn by steamer at Sd., in steamer's cerning the connection of the newspapers with tion which is represented by the hybrid organi-Saturday. Sugars were firm Among the sales were about 1,C00 hhca. Cuba and Porto Rico, and SCO do. tnelado. at rates given in another column. The stock embraced about 48,899 nbds.,agau)st fe,481 on the 1st of Hay in 1869,a conservative candidate, h e could have been elected bythe popular vote. As it hasnot done this, w e shall have this year a repetition of the struggle of 1824, preliminary to the new construction of parties on the conservative andit expected to achieve. Had the business beenand 14,735 boxes, against 18,808 in 1869: 87,123 bags,against 20,?60 fn 1SE9, and 1,452 nhds. melado, against2,116 last year. CofTee was lirro. The sales embraced destructive platforms. 8,000 mats Javaatl6Kc , SCOdo Maracalbo at 13.'ac,and 300 do laguayra at 14\;c Freights were steady.Cameron has the control of in Pennsylvania a n dand others, w h o know something about them,it would be found that there is a nest of cor- fonnded and led it. A complete generation ruption among the newspapers that surpasseswliicb are oow upon them. The Iaiians h£*e * vantage, and can surprise the selUaaants afc-asyreal;:* .•very s iu y . Taangreat predecessor, it has run its cycle, andburied the entire generation of men whoUme War thathasgrownupsince, andthenewmenwhoarenow on the field find new circumstances aroundthem, and new necessities to meet. The .politi- Massa Greeley carried in his breeches pocketthe founders and the expounders of the con- stitution. Each of these cycles ran through a period of thirty six years, being equivalent to the pasting away o f a n entire generation o fWall street folks paid for a certain renowned chevalier during his stay in Washington, would be nothing to i tLaw'smined eUrt u ral goreraaweimeat of mounted Texan volunteers, a- the bettmeaes of checking the depredations of the Indians-IttonetimprobablethatGeneralScott'ssummons wayiuwhichtheserailroadbillswerepassedisitea of euataiaafmen.tronagewhichitbrings.Anyadditionthat %ofrontierCUBBMisinthesaddle andhasbean Sot-r uontfas Toe<nwa may be made to ourcirculation, South or West, distance of seven hundred miles. It* >mtbe Rad Krw »is but of little importance to us, as it merely the Rio Grande is exposed Tan vm lid be takes uui an adds to our expenses without bringing us any aideration, be thinks, a the diet?,** lion of uoopscompensating return. The circulation on Be alludes to th* impr«tska 'hich j-r••rail* <* *• whichwerelyforthesteadyprofitsofour miadaofsome,thatTexashasa» >>vert-e-gBup0B ^loo. Ba disclaims a, adding taa , lf ^ uixtoa laJaai paperisderivedmainlyfromthisgreatcommitoutragesupouthepa«s4eofTttm Mdtbeu<commercial city and from a vicinageex- canauthortlkawillMtstop» ,BlUJtwt„^^ mf * tending to about two hundred milesbe- Texasortheayeral govern mM toprevent a,eraat yond or around it, where w e can de- the erpeore of Bnnuiag ih* • ^ a y Into MetJco, aad haBliverthepaperatbreakfast time. Whatever tngtheooontryuntilaasar ^^^ ^ 0M m^tr wroogswoaJd sotbei»# lcUd H- „„,„. thedeaanmay be the influences, political or otherwise, meat that he not long ^ ^ p ^ e . , ^ M «ip«4J«ai which disturbthe rest ofthe Union,they do not against Mexico, aasamS ,M j ^ T 1he ^ <;rindr 'mmto Washington may have reference to the dispopiWoo of the troops in Texas, or the reinforcement of The first political cycle, that of the founders know the whole story as well as anybody. That tions of political finesse ever witnessed in this the fence already there. of the (;onstitution, began in 1788. and ended the scheme was carried out by com- country.Both houses of Congress were in session yester inlf?f«with the Presidency of Monroe. He promises and arrangements with Weed andreote yesterday. T h e news is one day later thanthe advices brought by the Vanderbat. The warbetweentheLondonbankersandtheBankofEng- purty.withMr.Jeffersonatitshead,leanedto- corporatorsofthecrossstreetroadsmaysellremarkable of all the developements that have beenmade bythediscussionsatCharleston,inland had ceased by the surrender of the first-men-tkmed parties, and consols had improved. TheLiverpool American produce markets remainedpretty much the tame as previously reported English government. The contest was in-the charters to Law or some one else, but they are not able to build them themselves.As lor the interest which the next friends of the newspapeis have in the roads, w e can onlyaffect us at all. In a pecuniary point of view, therefore, it matters but little to us whether theHERALDenjoysalargecirculationEast. West orSouth. The fact that it does so is merelyaprooftousthatthepoliticalcourse that w e pursue is acceptable to the great mass of independent thinkers throughout the coin- tiy.moTing into that Conner y m e , , ^ oemx o f ^ ,*»ana/ of tbe Senate ratifyim i t U trefttJ o o w ^o,^ A;as same lime, ba a«cr M UMU if tbe United States govars meetdostnotinter*re„„,„ttoteordertothatdjstraca* country,thesprlt<jt loe ftfe> M we„M the ge<u-fl- ourpeople,willW?lbecom,,,!K ^ttren,^,„lt8prt sent condition, or t l o a w one poeseostDg caaacity to pas Itaregeneration jMdwiut0Aoocmplnbli,willde*mnka manifest destip y t0 Da,Mo p tnerfta Mtissabij.jmfmt then existing in Europe. The republicanwards the new order of things then springing np in France, while the federalists, led by Hamilton, inclined to the rorm and spirit of theGeneral Ortega, the leader of the recent revolt pi' tensely bitter, and culminated in the war ofSpain,hasbeen*hotTherevolutionarymove- 1812.andtheHartfordConvention,whichgave saythatGeorgeLawdeclaresthattheyhave ments in Naples appear to be gaining in impor the last blow to federalism. The triumphant such an interest, and that it is a remarkable lance. Thegreatfightcontinuedtoabsorbthe,at- party,losingitsgreatantagonist,andwithit lactthatwhilethepaperswerecomparatively tention ot the British public. It is stated, on the silent about the six or seven little gridirons authority o' the referee, that the battle between j its own cohesive power, lingered on throughsupportersofMr.Douglas,thepersonswho have pulled all hiswires aad actually put him before the Convention for nomination, are pro- minent office holders at the North and West The comprehensiveness of this case of political swindlingmaybebetterunderstoodwhenwe recall to our minds the fact that for the last threeyearsMr.Douglasandhisespecialfriends have been at war with the administration anded the largest popular vote went before the George Law and associates to build large cot- ton warehouses at Staten Island, on the pieceforded b y this remarkable e#poj .THE TROY SLAVS CASE.—The recent rescue of anescaped slave byan excited mebin the city of Troy is another plain proof of the way in which Southern rights are respected in the North.Thedetailsofthiscaseshowthatno less than three distinct attempts were made to runoff thefugitive,thelastofwhichwassuc- cessful Thereisnothingmoreclearlyset forth in the provisions of the constitution than the protection therein given to the South over their slave property, and yet they stand no sort of chance to recover any number of theirness in the neighboring republic This statementof facts shows in the most conclusive light theutter disregard b y the Miramoa cabinet of the*Gov. Bouatoa, In concluaion, «pres»ea rfgret tua^as 'uas not been ad* ^jg^ by the Departaent of the locality of the United Sta* M Uoops in Iaxaa, as wet; as the pr»ramme of th«i t operations against the lodtassThe despair ± of Governor Houston, with tb* acc;«-scribed b y the constitution.Here began the second political cycle, in which parties ranged themselves on domestic questions, under the leadership of men almostadjoiningh i sferrypier a tStapleton,of Dr. Cheever s congregation. Mr exclusively from the ranks of the old republi-to the HowM o f Representatives tomorrow, aad tse proves more than could volumes of argument Bona* Cw mmittsc oa Miliary Attain will undoubtedly theproprietyofthecoursepursuedbyM*.Bu- takelaw c measurestoactuponthesubject treated2"J^-^^f»thy,Mr. J.CWntte and MJ-. ••* the meeting on the subject of the Foreign Society, but no vote wascan or Jeffersonian party.bearings on revenue and industry, the nationalordecision •to.Themeetingstandsbankwithitsrelationstocurrencyandex- thesestoresarebuiltonStatenIsland,asthey adjoaraeduntilWednesdayeveningnext,athalf change,andthequestionwhetherinternalim- soonwillbeweunderstand,allthiscottonthe republican Senators and members of Con-gresswhoaresedesirousofshieldingtheMiramon government a n d thwarting t h epolicy of the President will read the statementof Mr. Temple's caee>. If, after so doing, they can aoca will terminate at the one bandred and eight*The tariff in all itsedhttchanan in our relations with Mexico. W e hope upon b/rf Governor Houston a behalf of Texas*P* pta*Bd away, and the greatness of the exi- rially, and will change the whole mode of doing run off with the greatest impunity, in spite of fcorrowing of money m anticipation of the collection J ^ c a U e d forth the highest powers among business in that important commodity. It will the positive provisions of the constitution andOf ssaesamantafor that purpose. Aaumof 13,000 Via unanimouslyvotedfortheM|MMlofoom- r,Ac,theCorporationMaanalforthecurrentThe Street Ootnmhwioner was directed to fit as? rooms for the City Iaspector, at a east sot to exceed HMO.At the larstmr of taa Poita apoliticalJackson developed vast have another effect also, and that is to reduce the enactments of Congress on the subjectand administrative ability, *tottalyai,,Webster'stherestsandthevalueofpropertyconsidera-bly fn the lower portions of the city, which areUntitled Documentalready very much deteriorated b y the moveThisshamefulTroycaseisnoexceptionalone. It has been so in neariy every fugitive slave case that has taken place at the North. The laws and theconstitution areinvariablysetaside to gratify a morbid desire to injure Southernrhrer to the Northern bduiidary of Utah, •-**"•*. along the aorthern boundary U Utah to the oat aeaarcc andfonrtb*nthaaarldiaaofwe*toagttads,tbracat»/«•» one hundred and fourteenth meridian and Vtrgn n * * ** California, and ou tba couth and wee* by Oak.Va»a?*7"Z?ik*£!!?m,*n** **»*•*Tanmeatofbusinesshousesnptown,whileitwill Thomas M. Tryniskistruggle ran high, aad the latesmity o f popular feaUnsr for a while eo a alien i . u»*L TM . .Wtra KazanPoint b y point the democratic organi-Thesessions on Wednesday fortnight, andshe wire- pullers are already in a great deal o f trouble through a multiplicity of candidates. A little while ago there were more of them, but even now there is what might b e termed a genteel sufficiency, the party recognizing n o less than four living and two dead aspirants. The former are Mr. Seward, o f N e w Y ork; M r . Banks, o f Massachusetts; Mr. Chase, of Ohio, and Mr.Cameron,Bates, of Missouri, and Mr. McLean, of Ohio. O nThe Internal improvement*, theBuchanan is thelast of the Presidents ofthe race ofexpounders, asMr.Monroe was the lastmade bj anewspaper, eitherhere o rration—an issue which involves higher princi-the Supreme Court bench for this many a day.thenextfriendofeverydailypaperinthecity was interested, either directly or indirectly, inLondon Times thai gave tothat paperthe first large addition to its circulation. The agitation which pervaded the public mindfor a republican victory with Mr. Seward are in England created an immense demand for thewhatever may happen a t Charleston—whether ton has split, and, whether it b e on men or on them, except the HEKALD, and he could not find the democratic party is split or no—the chancesmeasures, the practical result is the same. out that the HERALD bad anything to do withThe late proceedings at Charleston prove them. W e do not pretend to know the facts inthat the democratic organization has worn the case of our own knowledge, but we do know itself out, and that party divisions in the that George Law's friends affirm that ho de-clared,andwill nodoubt maintain,justwhat we stated; and perhaps if the Grand Jury were to investigate some of the iniquities going onvery doubtful; while, on the other hand, Mr. Cameron, with New Jersey and Pennsylvania at his back, and bis skill as a political manager tohelphim,wouldberatheratoughcustomer for the democracy, even if united, and might stand a fair chance to succeed.All the indications go to show that the black republicans have as much trouble in Their camp as the democracy. The difficulty at Chicago, however, will b e a free, open fight of the friends of Mr. Seward against the very ftrong combination which will oppose him. T h e democratic section, although generally over-paper, and although with the subsidence o f thecountryhavetoberangedhereafter onotheri-'uos than those on which the political battlesof the past have been fought The democraticparty has fulfilled its allotted time. Like its around us,and would subpoena George Lawmand fell off,yetsufficientremainedtoform Texasbythe:nducemeats heldo<.tb>land anca) lU(rv such a basis for further operations that its con- Mat of them are from the Western States, a . *>Vw gbA-i beingfromtheMatesofOhio,IndianaaadUna ( ^ most of them unused to the dangers af an IadaW roatiwthat of the Corporation, and would surpriseGov. Houston also informc tho Secret*; y.oftextm isdoingallisherpowerto?epel tho-assare now in actual Indian eervia twenty ;fer -e« IILBOI detachments of fifteen men each, with, aten men each Tfcere are also thia1every one.That $1,000 check which the Hon.reserve «f rnnr*anWe think that Georgeaccount of thea very plausible one, and he certainly ought toand he could. It is very probable that not oneofthemwillbeconstructed,excepttheSeventhavenue road, which Law will build. The in- and out of the Convention, is that the principal" the era of good feeling," with no particular while they were before the Legislature, and a constant drag upon its movements. The ideaparts. That'sall.IMPROVEMENTS TO STATIC ISLAND.--The L egis- lature granted authority a few years ago tohasbeenthecoursepursued bynearlyallMr.Buchanan's appointees in New York, New Eng-land and theWest. There could hardly beamore striking proof of the utter demoralizationof Northern politicians than that which is af- been for some years largely connected with busi- bx the HBBALD.of landfor the reception of cotton arriving here from the South In transitu to England and the East There is about thirty millions worth of cotton arriving here every year bound in these direc tions, which is now stored down town at con t-iderable expense for storage, and subject to waste and damage in various ways. Whenb e soldo nwarrantswithoutcancoming tothecityatall. Thiswill necessarilyaffect the cotton trade in the city very mate slaves in the North, where they are stolen andwarehouseof course enhance the value of property onwww.fultonhistory.com309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Wright. n u w o a c t l l tb« BTChicagoConventionwill commencei t stariff, foritinvolves thevery existence ofthe years as a Presidential candidate—sometimes-MumLiin-A DAT01 ratives,sympathisingwiththeNewEnglandand Unionitself. Anaggressiveandadestructive byonepartyandthenbyanother. Oncehe intheireffects. Such,however,isnotthe TheBontlaUieiofFinlevSttlaofticBOWBBY. -owrr DA«; Pojroo— The Special Committee appointed to investigate the existing circumstances of social develope- is its exponent Judge Bates died about twen- The newspaper business is unlike every othert» IBISBOWTHBAVSK FBAKCAI*. M i Broadway-LB BoOCEOlB- I* OMUU M rwuB-BoniEu* TAoa CSSCLB,ment Its theories are revolutionary in every ty years ago from sheer intellectual inanity- manic honors of the Eighth district met yesterday sense of the word, and it is excited, organ- utter exhaustion of his political stamina, if hein the conditions and manner of its growth.Commercial establishments, generally speaking, arebuiltupbyslowgradations,andowebutsapoariDMatso»IOWSSBB*BAA>*aiovaotassxaaoanafternoon,AldermenGenet,CornellandBoole being present A t the request o f the counsel for Peter Mitchel, the investigation was adjourned for two days in consequence of the absence of sev- eral witnesses. The next meeting of the Commit- tee will be the last on this subjectf | M I 4 » , SOtCS, DASCBS, B0.-B0UJM4D1 COSTS*iflOBBTBUnilAi^»OB.Broadway.-Gso.Omarr'aMis- were491deathsinthecityduringthepastweek,anizedandledonbycorruptpoliticiansand everhacbjtny.Hewassleepingthesleepofbroken down leaders from the debris of old the just in hispolitical coffin, when old Blair,party organizations. Radical in all its tenden- of Silver Springs; young Blair, of S t Louis,cies, ita advent is rousing the conservative ele- and H o n . Massa Greeley, who were occupiedments everywhere against it, and preparing in some curious geological explorations, dis-them for the coming party organizations covered him embedded oneortwo formationsand new popular leaders. Its cries already are below Greeley's tariff theories. S o fine a a uniformity of chances among but too many. "Landforthelandless."whichgerminatesinspecimenofthepurefossiltickledoldBlairItisonlytheconfidenceofthepublicintheLABVAB A J U T O W IA M B B I C A B BTDSBJJ1LJCUHB DBAXS—6nu. WATKM RON utsr—Although capital a n d activity undoubt-edly d o much for them, y e t they from one of the firm of Wetcasn *i WHbaaa 4 Oa., aBBOOaHAM 8THBA TBB. 444Broadway- A I Alittle to the influence of extraneous causes.Urus OliUIlM, AC. _ _ _ _ _BlTA-TSP Mlir—BBL*. BTtaictet' HsU, 4T|Bmadwair -do not supply all the conditions of success.B w M w » y . - D » ythe'claims of the rival candidates for the Alder-Oar ff»v'clal Waiht»It»a Ocsaatcfa. W^wem*. AprilM.lsstwith the aristocrats,"' which breathes in every cavated, rubbed down with the Tribune, and establishments which carries away the largerpromptitude be will at saee start for that «tr• **at tea utteranceagainstthesocialorganizationofthe addedtotherepublican museum,andputina prizes. Confidenceis,however,aplantofslow resultofthismaybeititaopoESip>»tofasewethegenerativeorgans,18 oftheheartand blood races which underlies -theblack republican McLean,wherewewill leavethemandlookat commercialsuccess attained byanybutdiffivassals, 171 of the lungs, throat, .to., 11 of old age, agitation. These real impracticabilities, which the living candidates. 86ofdiseasesoftheskinanderuptivefevers,Gstill- havefailed,andalwayswill fail,wheneveranTAUTcoaatrsicATios rasa Govsaxvt as\ vTM*">r.i WAB oBTAarasarr.result is observable. It augments by fits and < Gcrernor Houston says he ;v-aetuated> tr» tgeneral fevers, 1 of disease of the urinary organs, them, are now'ranging the conservative and rump of the old whig party and a strong infu- starts which bid defiance to regular calcula- doty, as well as impelled by il» helpless mtHa »a eft*THE TRIBUNE AND THE CITY RAILROADS.—TheThe experience of allgreat leading journals aurder ofthree men aadtwoboys, oaetenaad the other pended upon for either of the two great parties. proves that increase of circulation is spas- eight yean of age, with all the sttet idaaV barbarities aCential States, w h o would preferman. T h e democratic section o ffers three distinguished men—Cameron, Banks and Chase— Colonel Fremont being laid on the shelf for the present Narrowing the choicesition, while the latter is a better practical.'-tatc&man. Cameron is a very strong man, a one ofmere progression, to be effected by the(.••; i!t ral. a financier, and a s skillful a politicianforce o f capital alone, the jVetcs would n o t have remained s o many years i n a nearly stationary position before the establishment of the penny dailies c u t off all hope o f a further increase.as So ward himself.the people's partyNew Jersey, and that party hold the balance of power in those States, which cannot now b e de-The moderate republicans will urge the neces-scalping and mutilation. TM Indian aart along the Teas modic rather than regular, and is due more to frontier, and penetrate with unp* >raUa>ed sndaeity a the influence of events than of mere business within forty miles of Austin They arc rassgls" the tier-sity of conciliating that section of the opposi-North -whowould vote forCameron, Andruled by the old whigs, is still powerful, and unusual interest necessarily declines again, itinJth.-Ma' Wuitli -ii U»of the Northern office holders in using the very patronage of the administration for the purpose of breaking it down andleaving the field clearGov. Hcuat 0 D Accompanies hi* despatch with Jocuswa T u x MIIUMON GOVERNMENT IN MEXICO, AND Ury evidenc „ t 0 tbow that the* Bonsa of Kepro«eBiati»a«reaches tiv» North can ever b e row'TM* master .to**•fact. It is only because the? exercise aRepoiNif larked em.THE PROCEEDI.*Cr6OFCONGRESS, a*', **<• «cAXjAraavI learn by a srrv.tte lettsr, ro» ***•* » tsia <*a*rrBhansbas, that Hr. ToaasasS Omtk \ • » Caafci Oaaatatosr. sooir eai>ns> TOwaa "nwrov. ItapptaraUiattaareissoacu-Jag*taewialGsa*progress o f journalismcaveara«rta> •rto Japan, is dead. I do not Bear aa f Brtaraatsas oa a,* Competition reduces these tworequirementsto subjecthasyetreaohedtheDjaaitawa, ttfStateSeward gains some strength from the enthusi- given space of time, as a dry goods merchant the Indians, be pays the highest tribute to tb* i Jar ofwhile prices were without quotable change. Fine cottoas tionists; but their influence is in a great mea- that he would fail. Nearly a mil- Texas volunteer?, tea companies, to X? d a t»a ThmInroi^nnmallswilleloselaUxiacitythisaf cont.aurdtobeheldwithfirmness,whileinferiorgradessarytoperceivewhatispassingaroundthem,sureneutralizedbythefactthattheelectionIslionofdollarswassunkintheLon-cidoreatpoutsonthe'tintoftheTexantronU-w,antpaleave Boston on Wednesday for Liverpool.excitement a considerable portion of that de- ticc of these people hava been attracted to tut <n*t M «-ductors were enabled to turn to profitable ac- count a l l minor excitements. T h e career of the N E W YORK HERALD offers precisely the same record o f facte. I t has received t h e greater part o f U s present immense circulation in large instalments, d u e t o exciting events, and itsability togratify the public thirst for news on the engrossing topics of the day. A l- though, as w e have already observed, the ex- traordinarydemandcreatedbyoccurrencesoflife. They emigrated at a time whe^ there was orheasion, and are not prepared f a the terr'.bic* > apprtla mistake* m eupposiag that, DO farther troops »re ee ccsaary c jlheRtoGrande,'^dthatthedespatchoftics Scott, tu' jmitted by the Dsr *rtmcCt to the MiharjU>» mittee c r ifce House, is r rejudiciA! to Texa*, aaJ «*•"'property andinterests of Mr.John Temple,an Ho alio sends theoltJ oi4i particulars oftheconflict wi* American citizen resident in California, who has Cor' inas, the outlaw, tAi jjjg, ^H* bas already appearedTHE RIGHTS OF INDIVIDUALS.—We publish inanother columnto-dayaclear andexactnar-rative of theoutrages committed by the Mira-mon government in the city of Mexico, on the upon r a error.meridian oa the cast, Utah on the north, Virgia river rages upon American citizens, they will b e In- aad California on the wesV, and Mexico on the stttt. genious Indeed. Ibis wtD leave about one hundred aad ten thaasatTa square mites to Hew Mexico, grvng tan sew TerriarrTmAiM PBAttcAta.—Moaaieura Jaaacs Karsch and P. not far from two hundred thousand square mUet-Dupotst,twoveryetovarai-OstaoftheFrenchtheatre, ftsvadawillhabounded ontheaortabyOre«««** haveabenefittonight,andpresenttorsesawpieces, thefortythirdparalleltoGreenriver,tbaeoebyGrst«still find reason to support Miramon in his out-namely. "Is CoUler de Parted," " U Bougeoir,' Va An Cerate.".a* J * P M t ~~~~ -~~~~ral Soett hasbees suddenly ca3cd to- Waahiagtea »racult and progressive stages.Inthebusinessofnewspapeis the contrary dayfromGoveraorHouston,JatedLxec*'wr1 tyartaw, 5OBOASTZATWir or Jraw TBBKTOBIU ThytBouseCommitteeonTerritoriesto-dayagreadspaa bilr j for the organisation of five ana Ta*ntor.e#. Ta'Of Art- ».—Vtaak ProTtdsase, R, I., of killing bis wtfe.haal 